VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 6.
PARIS IN AN UPROAR
OVER DREYFUS CASE
RIOTS AT AUTEUIL
AND IN CHAMBER
AID GOVERNMENT
PARIS. June 5. — A dispatch from Cayenne, the capital of French
Guiana, says that Di-eyfus was to-day transferred t othe cus
tody of the military authorities. He will stay on Isle Royale un
til Thursday, when he will embark for France on the French second
class cruiser Sfax. in the roads of Isle Royale.
Popularity of President Loubet
Only increased by the Dis
graceful Assaults.
DEPUTIES
ADD TO THE
INSULTS
Mean Remarks Made and
One Statesman Is Forc
ibly Ejected.
il Dispatch to The ("all.
PARIS. June 6.— The scenes at i
Auteuil on Sunday and in the'
Chamber of Deputies yesterday
have only had the effect of in- j
creasing the popularity of Presi- j
dent Loubet and of strengthening the ■
hand? of the Government.. The prompt!
tude of the Premier, M.'. Dupuy, in car- '
rying out his promise to take measures I
rr» ni.-.iire justice as on as th. Court j
of Cassation had pronounced judgment (
is regarded as proving that he, himself, j
ran show a clean bill, and that though
he was Premier at the time. General
Merrier kept him ignorant of the meas
ures adopted against Dreyfus.
Interviews with various high per- 1
sonages ho witnessed the incident at ;
Auteuil are published this morning, all
testifying to the savagery of the demon
stration. It is asserted that, although
the price of admission to the paddock
was 20 francs, this was full of coach
men, footmen and valets, evidently sent '
thoro to create a disturbance.
Countess Tornie!li, wife of the Italian
Kmbassador to France, was Bitting on
M. Loubefs left during the attack, and
he askr-d her whether she intended to
(^ tay. Sh'- replied: "Certainly Monsieur
•■ President, am I not in the place of
honor?"
retain Baratier of the Marchand
mission attracted considerable atten
tion to himself during the affair and
was publicly I by the Duchesse
<\'\ 'zr-s.
Among those arrested whoso names
have not hitherto been cabled are
Comte Fronessente, Vicomte Combe
and Comte Moustiers Merinvtlle.
HOSTILE CRIES IN
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES
PARIS. June ...—The chamber of
Deputies met at 2 o'clock this after
no., n. The public galleries were crowd
ed with fashionable people, in'-luding
many ladies in pretty toilettes, who
used their fans vigorously on account
of the heat. The galleries of the Sen
ators and diplomats were also full.
There was a large and early ;iti.-n<l
of Deputies who eagerly di*
cussed the situation of yesterday. Pre
mier Dupuy and th< Minister, of Jus
tice, M. Lebret, sat on the ministerial
bench.
M. Laloge. who moved the interpel
lation, rose al L':LT> p. m. and said the
hour of action hud struck. There were
k • heers from the Leftists and murmurs
Irom the Rightists and a babel of fries,
in which MM. Cassaignac and Lasces,
anti-Semite, participated.
M. L,aloge asked the Premier if he
had been warned beforehand of yes
terday'* 1 demonstration. He then eulo
The San Francisco Call.
! Sized President Loubet. who. he said.
undertook the Presidency in a time of
58. (Loud applause.)
M. Rious de la Gentaye, Conserva
tive, representing the second division
of Dinan, Cotes dv Nord, shouted:
"Loubet 18 not honest; he is a Pana
j maist." This statement called forth
I violent protests and shouts of "order.'
: but M. de la Gentaye persisted, In spite
of the uproar, in declaring honest men
were arrested yesterday. This was fol
lowed by shouts of "Down with Lou
bet," and a scene of wild confusion en
sued. The Leftists shouted at th" top
of their voices: "Expo] M. Rlous de la
Gentaye!"
!''• sident Desfhanol ordered M. de la
• Jentaye to withdraw, but the latter re
fused and the session was suspended,
the Deputies being; requested to with
draw in order that M. de la (lentaye
b^ expelled.
The commanding officer on duty at
the Palais Bourbon threatened the
chamber of Deputies with a squad of
soldiers and requested M. de la Gen
taye to withdraw. The latter waited
until many of his colleagues had left
the house and then rose and walked
out, escorted by the soldiers.
There was cheering and counter
cheering when M. de la Gentaye ap
peared in the corridor. The sitting was '
then resumed. M: la Gone asked what \
measures were to be taken by the Gov
ernment in the future, and the Premier
replied that after yesterday's incidents
his first step was to address a respect- j
ful greeting to the nation's elect and j
to the "firm citizen \vh<> was and who
remains the guaranty of republican
community." (Cheers.)
Continuing the Premier said that!
yesterday at Auteuil the advance |
guard of the reactionary party pro
tested npainst him and called for his
resignation and proceeded to enlarge
upon "the coarseness of such a demon- j
stration against an invited guest." i
(Cheers.)
The Premier then said: "The repre
sentatives of elegance and good taste
have given us an idea of what France
may expect from their idleness and
indolence. We know secret meetings
had taken place and that preparations
were made for demonstrations. We
took measures for the President's pro
tection in driving to and from the race
course, and nothing occurred on the
way — "
Here a Royalist Deputy cried "You
hid him."
M. Dupuy retorted: "No. but your
friends hid behind, the women."
Protests from the Rightists followed,
and M. La«ios, anti-Semite, cried:
"T.oubet and Delcasse (the Minister of
Foreign Affairs) hid behiD<* noiieeman."
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JUKE (>, 1899.
COUNTESS NOT
AMONG RIOTERS
PARIS. June 5. — Count Boni de Castellane has written
a letter to the Echo de Paris denying the statements
of the newspapers ihat the Countess (formerly Anna
Gould of New York) placed herself at the head of the Jeun
nesse Royaliste at the Auteuil demonstration yesterday. The
Count declared that his wife does not belong to the club,
and that she did not leave her seat, from which she could
not oven see what was occurring.
This statement was followed by an ;
uproar lasting several minutes.
When comparative quiet had been re
stored, M. Dupuy said: "We stationed |
police at the paddock with orders to
Intervene immediately in case of a
demonstration, and they did 80, though j
they met with much Opposition and j
protests. I assume all responsibility." ]
"You have the evil eye," fried I^asios,
a remark which caused laughter.
M. Dupuy continued: "All the police
did their duty, rind an individual has
thrown himself on the President of the
republic, who remained calm. The pro
ceedings at Auteuil were all the mure
disgusting because they occurred in the
pr- -sen re of foreign representatives.
Th ■ persons who have been arrested
will be examined by a magistrate, who
will decide whether there was a con
spiracy. We are satisfied the accused
are members of clubs which the Gov
ernment has decided to close. Yester
day's demonstrators pretend to repre
sent France in the army, but the public
was against them. We are supporters
of the republic, and republicans do net
mix with those who are only borrowed i
in name in order to better destroy her.
They have given us a countersign we
intend to uphold. If you give us your
confidence we shall know hw to de
fend our institutions from those who
attack them." (Applause.)
Here M. de Cassaignac, Conservative,
interjected: "The country is sick of the
republic. As to the affair which has .
divided the nation and families, It will
yet weigh heavily against you. The
stories current regarding the measures
which you propose against the gen
erals — -"
"A certain amount of courage," ex-
Continued on Second Va.pe.
WILL SOON
RETURN WITH
THE PRISONER
Cruiser Sfax Departs for
Devils Island to Bring
Back Dreyfus.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, -.1599. by.Jam.eß Cor
don Bennett. . . .
FORT DE FRANCE, via Hay ti, June
s. The French cruiser Sfax, command
ed by Captain Coffinieres de Nordeck,
left here last evening at 10 o'clock for
Devils Island.' The vessel has orders to
take Dreyfus off the island and take
him back to France. The superintend
! ent of the penitentiary will surrender
Dreyfus to the military authorities to
day.
Although the destination of the Sfax
had been kept secret, its departure
caused considerable excitement here,
owing to a rurricr which quickly spread
that the cruiser was going to fetch
Dreyfus.
The prisoner by the verdict of the
Court of Cassation resumes the status
that he held after his arrest and before
• his condemnation by . the court-mar
tial. His wife telegraphed him the good
news of the Court of Cassation's de
cision the day before f yesterday, and at
3 o'clock this afternoon the dispatch
boat Goeland, stationed in the waters
of French Guiana, left Cayenne for
Devils Island, having on board the
superintendent of the penitentiary and
commander of , the forces in French
Guiana. ' These officers are delegated by
the French Government ..to. officially
notify Dreyfus of the decision of the
Court of Cassation. ... r
. After ■„ this formality Dreyfus will be
less closely watched, and will be given
full liberty to move about the island as
he wishes. He will also be allowed to
wear again : his"captain's uniform. The
Goeland*; will return' to Cayenne to
morrow. J
FILIPINOS
ELUDE THE
AMERICANS
Lawton Fails to Surround
the Forces of General
Pio del Pilar.
PROSTRATED BY HEAT
Several Men Lost in Capturing
Minor Places Which Will Have
to Be Abandoned.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The attempt of General Lawton's
punitive expedition to surround and
capture the army of Pio del Pilar,
south of Manila, has failed, the Ta
gallos escaping into the mountains.
The net result of the movement has
been the clearing of natives from a
strip of country which will probably
have to be abandoned to them again,
owing to the American inability to
maintain garrisons, and the loss of a
few men on either side.
MANILA. June s.— Colonel Tru
man's detachment, proceeding
along the west side of the penin
sula yesterday afternoon, took
Angono and Binangonan. The
insurgents evacuated those towns Run
day night and tied to the northeast, j
slipping north of Morons before Gen
eral Hall's brigade arrived.
Finding there was no opposition,
Colonel Truman crossed the peninsula
toward Morons for the purpose of join-
Ing Genera] Hall when he arrived from
Antipolo. General Hall passed through
Teresa, the only town which the in
habitants had not deserted. Many
uniforms were found. Indicating the in
surgents had suddenly changed ihem
selveß into friends for the time being.
Colonel Whollev left Morong yester
day >»f*^rn"nn. his tp>-. v = > »■♦.,, ning to
Pasig In easebs. He has been con- ;
gratulated by General Latvian for his i
splendid work. The mer*ib«"rs of the
Washington regiment ar>> completely
exhausted. On the average there are
fifteen mm in each compnny prostrated
by the heat.
The natives at Rinang >nan stated'
that General Pio del Pilar's forces es
caped cast to the mountains in the di
SAMOANS GIVING UP ARMS
THE SAMOAN COMMISSION.
*■ The Commissioners arc shown in the costume worn at their meetings. The gentleman on the left, designated >
* by the figure "1," is the German member, Baron yon Sternbergr; "3" is Bartleti Tripp, chairman, the American +
I member; "3" is Edward V. Morgan, secretary of the commission, and "1" is the English member, Mr. Elliott. +
APIA. Samoan Islands, May 31. via Auckland. New Zealand, June 5. — Both native fac
tions, the Malietoans and the Mataafans. are disarming. Mataafa has surrendered 1800 guns.
WASHINGTON. June 5. — The Navy Department has received ths following cablegram from Admiral
Kautz dated San Francisco, June 3: "The department cable of the 13th instant received. Will instruct the
commander of the Badger to send the Brutus to Honolulu as soon as she can be spared. Expect to sail from
here on the 21st with the remains of Lieutenant Lansdale and Ensign Monaghan. Will probably reach San
Francisco June 25."
This dispatch was evidently brought into San Francisco by steamer and is therefore about three weeks
old. According to Admiral Kautz's programme he is probably now in Honolulu. The run from Honolulu to
oan Francisco is about eight days, so that he will probably be there for some time before sailing for San Fran
cisco, as he makes the date of his arrival there June 25.
POLICE AND
TROOPS CLASH
WITH RIOTERS
Nationalist Demonstration
at Belfast Ends in
a Fight.
BELFAST, June. 5. — There -were exciting scenes here this afternoon
In consequence of the Nationalist demonstration, headed by Wil
liam O'Brien and accompanied by bands of music and the dis
play of banners. The Protestants threatened trouble, with the
result that large bodies of police and military were stationed
near where the several conflicts took place, and infantry charged the
crowd with fixed bayonets. Several persons were injured.
The rioting was resumed this evening after the return of the proces
sion. The mobs fusilladed the pi lice wth stones and the troops were
obliged to charge several times. intimately the riot act was read and
a force of fifty policemen batoned the crowd, but they were obliged to
retire before a heavy shower of stones.
A public house was looted and much damage to property was done.
The police havp made many arrests.
Two officers were badly injured by flying stones. Shank Hill dis
trict, the center of the rioting, was much disturbed until a late hour
this evening.
rection of San Mateo. They are mak
ing for Angono.
Before leaving Morong an outpost of
the Washington regiment was attacked
by the enemy and lost one killed ar. j
I one wounded.
That the object of the movement to
entrap General del Pilar'r- troops in the
peninsula was unsuccessful \>;ts due to
the inability of the Americans to swing
far enough to the east sufficiently fjist
to get behind the enemy, (ienersl Hall
will withdraw to Pasipr. across the
r. ortherr part of 'he peninsula.
HALL'S FORCES MARCH
FROM ANTIPOLO TO MORONG
Special Cable to The Call and the .Vow York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MANILA, June s.— General Hall en
countered no resistance in his march
from Antipoio to Morong through Te
resa. The inhabitants did. not leave the
latter town, but met the Americans,
representing themselves as friends. A
large number of natives passed
thWt^v. ■-**.«; American lir/cs, reiun.!..*
to Antipoio.
- Hall's march was very difficult^ and
there were many cases of prostration
of American soldiers by the heat. The
brigade arrived in Morong at 11 o'clock
yesterday and found that Colonel
Wholley with the First Washingtons
had 'captured the town the day before,
killing twelve natives.
The Napidan and Covadonga, tin
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
clads, shelled the place and were an
swered by an artillery fire. One shell
was put through the Covadonga.
A detachment of the Washington
regiment, while on a scouting expedi
tion, lost one man killed and one
wounded and killed one offlcpr and four
men of the insurgents.
Hall's brigade remains in Morong to
be rationed. Colonel Wholley returns
to Pasig.
Colonel Truman's column, consisting
of the North Dakota Volunteers and
one battalion of the Twelfth Infantry,
captured Binangonan yesterday with
'■ut resistance, the insurgents having
retreated northward to San Mateo,
eluding General Hall's brigade. The
insurgents had a shore battery of two
guns, and these were removed.
Colonel Truman marched across the
peninsula and joined Hall's brigade at
Morong.
Several escapes of insurgents through
the lines are reported to have been
made during the night. The uneven
ness of the country prevents the main
tenance of a complete cordon of Ameri
«™> troops. The Mateo Val lev:. .wires
have been cut continually T>y the enemy
and finally abandoned by the Ameri
cans, communication being kept up via
Pasig. " : v
The roughest country traversed by
the American tr<.op=: is in the vicinity of
Antipolo. Transportation over it is im
possible and even the signal service
wagons had to be abandoned. Five
Chinamen in the signal service employ2
HENDERSON CERTAIN
TO SUCCEED REED
REPRESENTATIVE D. B. HENDERSON.
CHICAGO, June s.— Congressman David B. Henderson received further
evidences of support t >-nis?ht in a nessage from General Henry H.
Bingham of Pennsylvania, who notified him that thirteen Congress
men of that State were for him and that he might get twenty. General
Bingham was one of the candidates for Speaker. Colonel Henderson
left tn-night for his home in Dubuque, lowa, feeling satisfied that develop
ments since he cam.- to Chicago have assured him the Speakership.
HOCH DER KAISER
IS LESE MAJESTE
BERLIN, Jun»- s.— Tin
ceedings against the New > > rk
Herald for lese majeate, for
printing the verses of the song,
"Hoch der Kaiser," which Cap
tain Coghlan of the cruiser
Raleigh gave at the
League Club. New York City,
last April, have resulted in an
order by the court directing the
suppression of that issue of the
newspaper.
deserted and the remaining ones were
unable to <an.v ii>c wnws.
Sergeant Wadak. with the wire re
pairing party, was cut off behind ihe
lines by the enemy. Lieutenant Glbbs.
v.ith a handful of signalmen, rushed
to Wadak's rescue and succeeded in
routing the enemy, who opposed his
irturn.
Lieutenant Hawthorne was unable to
proceed owing to the impassable condi
tion of the country, and was compelled
to burn the wagons, artillery and am
munition to prevent their falling into
the hands of the enemy.
Five days' rations are being dis
tributed among the troops, who are
advancing, maintaining nearly a con
tinuous line across Morong peninsula.
The hospital tups returned to-night
with fifty men suffering from the ef
fects of the heat.
The Superior Court was sworn in to
day and the Inferior Court will take
the oath to-morrow. Both courts will
begin work immediately. The Judges
are partly Filipinos and partly Ameri
cans.
INSURRECTION TO BE
CRUSHED BY FORCE
NEW YORK, June s.— The Herald's
"Washington correspondent sends the
following: President Schurman of the
Philippine Commission, in a dispatch to
Secretary Hay. has. it is said, recom
mended more liberal concessions to the
Filipino? with a view to ending the in
surrection at once. An official ac
quainted with the message said it re
viewed the situation on the islands and
was of an encouraging nature.
The dispatch was considered yester
day by the 1 'resident and Secretary-
Hay and the President has sent a re
ply, the nature of the answer is not
divulged. It is significant, however,
that coincident with this message to
Mr. Schurman a cablegram was sent to
General Otis with instructions in line
with the President's belief that the
restoration of peace can be accom
plished only by the complete subjuga
tion of the Filipinos. General Otis will
continue his military operations
throughout the rainy season.
It is apparent the President does not
look for the close of the rebellion until
the Filipinos are convinced of the mili
tary superiority of the United States.
The concessions already offered are
liberal, the administration believes, and
as far as the President can go without
authority from Congress, and it is
doubtful if the new propositions made
by the commission have received his
approval.
OLYMPIA WILL SAIL
FROM HONGKONG TO-DAY
HONGKONG. June 5. — Admiral
Dewey left the Peak Hotel and re
turned to the Olympia yesterday. This
morning he paid farewell calls to the
Governor, General Gasoigne and the
commanders of the warships in the
harbor.
Admiral Dewey's Health has been
considerably benefited by his residence
at the Peak. He has refused all social
invitations and has taken a perfect
rest. He appears somewhat haggard
from the effects of the continual strain
he has been under and of the climate.
The Olympia will sail at 4 o'clock to
morrow afternoon, .but Admiral Dewey
will not give a farewell dinner, nor
will he accept one. ft is hoped the
quiet change and the voyage will quite
restore him to health by the time he
roaches New York. The details of the
Ports at which he will call are still un
decided, but it is probable stops will
be made at Singapore and Colombo.
The admiral seems anxious to avoid all
display and merely to seek rest. His
officers and crew are elated at the pros
pect of a return home-
PARIS IN AN UPROAR
OVER DREYFUS CASE
(""ontinued from First Page.
I claimed the Premier, "Is required to
do what we propose.".
"To drag before a high court," re
torted M. Cassaignac (the former Minis
ter of War), "your former colleague.
You. have cause to close the clubs, for
i the natic-n is awakening and is only
awaiting the right man." (Applause.)
After further debate M. Meline and
his supporters moved the order of the
day, approving of the Government's
1 action. The order of the day was car
ried without ■ division after the .;.n>*»t
part had been adopted by a rote of ."0 5
to 32, and the second part had been
voted by 326 to 123.
Prior to the vote being taken M.
Denys Cochin, Conservative, asked i
that the letter of the Government de
manding the prosecution of General
Mercier should be communicated to the
house.
'I he Premier replied that it saddened
him to take the steps deemed noces
rary. and explained that the trial of
M. Deroulede was not conducted in a I
seeming manner, instancing the fact
that M. Deroulede -was permitted to
pronounce a long diatribe against
President Loubet in regard to the ver
dict of the Court of Cassation, which
showed that some persons had incurred
responsibilities which must be ex
: plained. ,
First there was the case of Dv Paty
de Clam, and then the communication
of the secret documents of the court
martial having been attributed to Gen
eral Mercier, and the Government be
lieved it to be its duty to ask the
Chamber to say if the prosecution
should be undertaken. (Great excite
ment and applause from Leftists.)
The vote was then taken. A heated
discussion afterward occurred over the
prosecution of General Mercier, in the
midst of which M. Lasces suggested
the impeachment of the Premier and
violently criticized those who were
"persecuting" General Mercier, which,
the Deputy declared, was a maneuver
made to influence the court-martial at
K<-nnes.
Finally the Chamber voted to ad
journ the appointment of the Commis
sion, of Inquiry into the conduct of
General Mercier until after the court
" martial at Rennes.
The Leftists made demands that the
verdict of the Court of Cassation be
placarded everywhere In France, and
M. Jourde, Socialist, rose and admitted
he had been mistaken about the Drey
fus affair and had reparation to m.ake.
He added that he was surprised that
M. Cavaignac had not preceded him
to the tribune, which caused the lat
ter to say: "I have already made re
paration by discovering and making
known the error committed."
M. Rrisson said: "The Cabinet I pre
sided over was unfortunate enough to
cause to be placarded a speech contain
ing misstateme'hts. I ask the Chamber
to vote the placarding of the verdict
of the Court of Cassation."
The Premier did not oppose the
placarding of the verdict, which was
i adopted by a vote of 317 to 212.
The House then adjourned.
The Socialist and Radical Deputies
; in the lobbies of the Chamber eagerly
< discussed the measures' adopted by the
i Cabinet and criticized them as made!
-! quate. They demand the closing of all
' royalist clubs.
The division with reference to Gen
eral Mercier caused great surprise.
The Republican Deputies of all
shades of opinion have sent President
L,oubet an address assuring him of
their respectful esteem and of their de
votion to republican institutions.
• ■.•■ •' . ■ _ — * .
OUTCOME OF THE
RIOTS AT AUTEUIL
PARIS. June s.— The Government will
S accept an immediate discussion of the
interpellation of M. LAloge, Independ
ent Socialist, representing one of the
St. Denis districts of the Seine, on the
' subject of the incidents which occurred
yesterday on the Auteuil racecourse.
A great number of people called at
the Elysee Palace and signed the vis
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1899.
DISEASED MEAT
SENT TO MARKET
Tomales Farmer Under
Suspicion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOMALES. June s.— For several months '
it has been pretty generally known that ,
diseased beef was being shipped out of I
Marln County to San Francisco, and thu
health officials have been vigorously en
deavoring to detect and punish some of
fenders in order that others might profit
by the experience and cease a practice
injurious not only to the public health '
but to the good name and the business '
welfare of Marin County. It is now al- I
leged that John Carter, a farmer living j
near Tomales, has been detected shipping '
diseased beef to San Francisco. Dr. Ur- j
ban. the county veterinary surgeon, is ;
authority for the statement that if the j
case can be proved Carter will be prose
! cuted to the full extent of the law.
On May 22 last Dr. Urban learned that j
Carter had slaughtered a cow afflicted
with jnilk fever and intended to send the i
meat to a San Francisco firm. Going to
the farmer's ranch, be condemned the '
meat alter an investigation, telling Carter
It migrtit be used for chicken teed or for;
fertilizing purposes but that it was a vio
latlon of the law to use it for human food. >
The farmer said lie had no desire to vio- '
late the sanitary laws a^id would feed the
meat to his eh'iekens instead of sending
it to San Francisco.
Freight may be shipped over the line j
i of the North Pacific (.oast Railroad on :
■ three weekdays— Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays. As May 22 fell on Mon- ;
' day. the meat could not be shipped on
I Tuesday. May 23. On Wednesday, May 24,
however. Carter himself shipped the meat
; of one cow to Kahn. Lev! & Co. at San
Francisco. Not only was this true, but in- .
1 stead of bringing ihe meat into Tomales. j
where Dr. Urban lives, it was taken in a
' wagon all the way to Point Reyes 9ta- !
■ tion and shipped from that point. This
fact is proved by the way bill.
The affair soon became public property
and has created a good deal of unfavor- '
able comment. When the facts were call
: ed to Dr. Urban's attention this evening,
i he said:
"Mr. Carter promised me not to sell the ;
< meat of the cow after it had been con
i demned. I shall make an Investigation
i at once and if the facts are as stated, he
i is the very man we shall make an ex
-1 ample of for the public welfare."
Louis Kahn of the firm of Kahn, Levi
& Co. was seen last night in references
to the foregoing dispatch. Notwithstand
ing the evidence of the Point Reyes way
bill. Mr. Kahn denied emphatically that
h<- had purchased any beef from Carter.
Kahn admitted that he knew Carter well
and hud purchased cattle from him. but
ho insisted he had never bought beef cat
tle from the TomaleK farmer.
itors' book. There was a continuous
| procession of Senati-rs, Deputies, diplo
mats, officers and high functionaries.
The Prefect of Police. M. Blanc, has
ordered the inclosure of the Auto-mobile
; Club de France, of which the Comte de
Dion, who was one of the ringleaders
at Auteuil yesterday, is president. A
police commissary thereupon proceeded
to the club's premises on the Place de
la Concorde and cleared the members
out. after which he affixed seals to the
doors. Vigorous measures have been
taken to suppress demonstrations.
Mounted delegations of Republican
Guards have been stationed about the
Place de la Concorde, in the Rue de
l'Klvsee and in the Rue dcs Tuileries.
The Municipal council this gye^'as
discussed the Auteuil artair, and M.
Blanc, Prefect of Police, announced
that fifty of those under arrest would
be prosecuted for insulting the Presi
dent. He animadverted severely upon
the cowardice of Count Christiani, who
now pretends that he struck the Presi
dent by accident in his attempt to es
cape from the melee.
The Council unanimously adopted a
resolution expressing its abhorrence to
the insulting demonstration and its re
spectful sympathy with and confidence
in M. Loubet.
Lieutenant Guolard has been arrest
ed and charged not only with uttering
seditious cries, but with assaulting M.
Louny, chief of the municipal police.
M. Emile Zola arrived in Paris from
London last evening, but refused to see
anybody excepting his intimate friends.
There is no excitement in the street
where he resides, the Rue de Brux
elles, but policemen have been sta
tioned near his residence.
VIGOROUS ACTION
TAKEN BY MINISTERS
PARIS, June s.— The Ministers met
this morning. President Loubet in the
chair, and decided to remove the Ad
vocate General, M. Lombart, and the
Minister of Justice, M. Lebret, was di
rected to begin proceedings against M.
Tardiff, President of the Assizes Court,
before the Council of Magistracy, for
the way in which they conducted the
case against MM. Deroulede and Mar
cel-Habert, who were acquitted
Wednesday last of the charge of incit
ing soldiers to insubordination at the
time of the election of President Loubet.
The Cabinet did nc-t arrive at any
decision respecting Generals de Bois
deffre and Gonse, pending the result
of trie inquiry regarding Dv Paty de
Clam.
The Ministers also decided to transfer
General Roget, who commanded the
troops which M. Deroulede attempted
to lead to the Elysee Palace at the time
of the election of President Loubet,
from Paris to Orleans.
INTERROGATION OF THE
RIOTERS AT AUTEUIL
PARIS, June 5.— M. Lemereler, the
examining magistrate, to-night began
the interrogation of those under arrest
for participating in yesterday's rioting.
Ten. including M. de Panlssepassy,
have been provisionally released. About
fifteen will be prosecuted on a charge
of rebellion, for which the maximum
punishment is five years' imprisonment
The charge against Comte Christian!
is of assaulting a magistrate while in
the exercise of his functions, an offense
punishable by from two to five years'
Imprisonment.
DEATHS AMONG THE
TROOPS AT MANILA
WAPHINGTON. Juno s.— General Otis
reports the following deaths since the last
weekly report:
Typhoid fever, May 27. William Donsley,
private. Company C, First California; ty
phoid fever. 28th, Frank Kruger, private,
Company X, Third Infantry; cerebro
spirial meningitis, 28th, Charles Karger,
private, Company M, Third Infantry;
strangulated hernia, James McCormack,
private. Company B. Fourth Infantry;
alcoholism, 27th. Patrick Byrnes, private
Company L, Twentieth Infajitry; suppura
tive typilitis, 28th. Edward Paterson, pri
vate. Company C. Third Infantry; sup
urative tonsilitis, 29th. Lyman Kelsey
private. Company D. Second Oregon;
variola. Edward A. Campbell, private.
Company F. Twentieth Infantry; dysen
tery, David L. Williams, private. First
Montana; drowned, accidental. June 1,
Lawrence Oceroy, corporal, Company G.
Twenty-second Infantry; drowned on
duty. April 12, Frederick Grahow, private,
Company F, Fourteenth Infantry.
BULLET SPED TO
AVENGE A WRONG
San Jose Gardener At
tempts Murder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 5.— attempted mur
der, followed by suicide, was made by
Paulo Arata, a vegetable gardener, in the
office of the St. Charles Hotel,' on Nor"th
Market street, this afternoon. As. a result
the body of Arata is lying on a slab in
the Morgue, and Captain E. G. Zeiro, a
prominent member of the Italian colony,
is suffering from a pistol wound In the
jaw. How . Zeiro escaped instant death
is hard to understand
The attempted murder and self true- j
tion were premeditated and grew out of !
a money transaction. Arata was formerly
a vegetable dealer at Los Gatos and New
Almadtn. He claimed that nine years ago
he entrusted $900 to Zeiro for investment.
The latter' never returned the money, al- |
though he had repeatedly asked for it.
A few months ago Arata, vno was suf
fering from consumption, moved into
town and with his wife and children lived
at '', Cahlll street, near the narrow-gauge
depot. Since then he had haunted Zeiro's
office and demanded the money. ' : . .
To-day Arata walked into Zelro's office.
Zeiro was at his desk. Arata. again de
nial ded his money. As Zeiro closed his
desk and was about to leave the room j
Arata drew i pistol and thr&itauedj to
kill him. Zeiro grappled with" liis assail
ant. The weapon, a 44-caliber British
bulld< g, was discharged, the ball enter
ing 'he right Jiide of Zeiro's face i lit front
of the lobe of the ear, and, glancing down
ward, fractured the jaw. Th^ man fell
and then arose and ?us?.ied irto the street,
bleeding profusely. Arata then swallowed
some poison and sat down to await death.
The police found him seated in a chair.
He was in a stupor and refused to talk.
Arata was removed to the Receiving Hos
pital and on the way there attempted to
swallow the remaining contents of a vial.
He sank into unconsciousness and died an
hour later.
A search of Arata's pockets revealed a
memorandum book, containing the follow
ing short statement, showing the tragedy
had been planned: •
"He having- ruined me in health and
money, 1 thought it better for both La
go."
Arata was a native of Italy and about
43 years of age. An inquest will be held
to-morrow.
Zeiro is one of the most' prominent Ital
ians in the county. He is captain of ihc
San Jose Hussars.
The condition of Zeiro to-night is seri
ous. The bullet did not lodge under the
skin, but penetrated the head two inches
and lodged under the brain.
CHICAGO ADVANCES
TO THIRD POSITION
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Clubs— W. L Pet.
Brooklyn ...32 11 .744 Cincinnati ..20 20 .500
Boston 2s 13 .683; Pittsburg ...17 22 .436
Chicago 26 17 .605 New Y0rk... 17 24 .415
: St. Louis 25 17 .595 Washington 14 29 .326 i
i Philadelphia 24 17 .585 Louisville ...13 28 .317
I Baltimore ...23 19 .548 [Cleveland ... 8 30 .210
BALTIMORE, June s.— Chicago beat the
Orioles hands down to-day. McGlnety was a
little oft In ■ his twirling and his team as a
I whole was not much better, their base-running
[ and fielding being amateurish. Bwartwood and
Warner were impartially bad in their ilecis
! ions. As a result of disputes Griffith and Mc
i Graw were sent to the bench. Everett'* bat
ting was a feature. Attendance, 137«. Score:
i Clubs— . • R. H. E.
1 Baltimore : 3 9 1
! Chicago "■ 9 15 2
Batteries— McGinety and . Robinson: Griffith
Phvle f-n/i wicfiAjo m _owartwciod ami
Warner.* ■' . *';*•'*■';?
WASHINGTON", June 5.— Cuppy went up Into
the air in the seventh Inning and the Senators
secured a commanding lead. He was then sue-'
ceeded by Wilson. Heidrlck was put out of the
gam« for disputing a decision. Attendance.
1000. Score:
Clubs— ' R. H. E.
Washington 11 15 2
St. Louis /..'.... 3 7 3
. Batteries— Mercer and MeGuire; Cuppy, Wil
son and Crlger. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
PHILADELPHIA. June s.— Rhlnes and Gard
ner were equally easy, for the locals and they
batted out. a victory. without difficulty. Fraser
kept Pittsburgh hits scattered and pitched a
steady game. Attendance, 2025. Score:
Cluhs— . R. H. E. I
Pittsburg '. i <» 3
Philadelphia ..: 13 15 f\
Batteries — Rhlnes. Gardner and Bowerman;
Fraser and McFarland. Umpires— Burns and !
Smith.
NEW YORK. June s.— The Superbas fattened j
their batting: averages at the expense of j
Hughey to-day and won as they pleased. Dunn !
pitched in great form, . holding the tall-enders
down to four hits. Attendance, 2000. Score: '
Club*— sn&ai R. H. E
Cleveland 2 4 .5'
Brooklyn .; 14 10 4!
Batteries— Hughey and Sugden; Dunn and
Farrell. Umpires— Emslie and McDonald.
BOSTON. June The Champions took an
other game from the Clnclnna.tls " to-day "by
timely hitting. ' Willis proved very effective j
except In the fifth, when he was pounded hard. I
Corcoran" s work at short was the feature of
the game. Attendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— • R. H. E. '
Boston ;....... 10 18 2 1
Cincinnati ......: 5 10 3!
Batteries— Wilson and Clarke; Dammann and
Peltz. , Umpires — Gaflney and Andrews.
BURNS PILOTS FOUR
WINNING HORSES
ST. LOUIS, June s.— At the Fair
Grounds to-day the track was fast and
the weather pleasant. Tommy Burns
landed four winners and one of his other
mounts came in second. Results:
Six and a half furlongs— Duke of Baden won,
St. Augustine second, Nan Dora third. Time
1:21.
One and an eighth miles — Meadowthorpe won
Farondelle second. Uhlers third. Time, 1 :56 H.
Five furlongs— Bonlvard won, Maud Wallace
second, Soeclal Notice third. Time, l:03H.
Six furlonits— Faustoso won. Dr. Sheppard
second. Headwater third. Time, 1 :14V4.
One and a sixteenth miles— Forget Not won.
Sir Rolla second. Marplot third. Time li*\i
Mile, selling— Air Blast won. Mystery second
Helen Paxton third. Time, 1:42 V».
NEW YORK. June s.— The chief event on the
card to-day at Gravesend was the Patchogue
stakes at six furlongs, in which seven went to
the post with Hurly Burly as a hot tip. The
start was prompt and Satin Slipper and Alpen,
two-year-olds, made the running. As they
came into the stretch Satin Slipper got a com
manding lead and won with something in hand
Results:
Kensington hurdle, one and three fourths
miles— Moslem won, Premier second, Peter II
third Time. 3:20U-
Five furlongs— Hadducee won. Mischievous
second. The Corinthian third. Time. 1:O1V4.
One and a sixteenth miles— The Burlington
Route won. Great Neck second. Andronicus
third. Time, 1:49.
Patchogue, six furlongs, selling— Satin Slip
per won. Alpen second. Handball third. Time
One and a sixteenth miles— lntrusive won,
Charentus second, Imp third. Time, l:4S%i.
Selling, five' furlongs— Prestidigitator won.
Warring second, Shoreham third. Time, 1:01%.
CINCINNATI, June s.— Weather hot: track
fast. Results:
Mile (telling— Connie Lee won. Periwig »ec
ond, Osman third. Time, 1 :42V4-
Five furlongs, selling— Lady Curzon won.
John Yerkes second. Talma thlnl. Time,
1 :02 V».
Mile and seventy yard*— Sue Nell won, Pat
Ganett second, Prosecutor third. Time. 1:47.
Mile— The Lady in Blue won, Kunja second,
TUlle W third. Time. 1:41.
Five furlongs— Kilmarnock won, Lew Kraft
Eeecmd. Little third. Time, 1:02.
Mile, selling— Lyllis won. Prince Zeno sec
ond, Bennevllle third. Time, 1:43.
CHICAGO. June s.— Harlem results:
Six furlongs— Warren Point won. Pet Cle
burne second, Rosa Clay third. Time, I:18Vk-
Mile and an eighth— Prince Blazes won. Dal
gretti second. Monogah third. Time. I:s!>^.
Six and a half furlongs— Sam McKeever won,
Harry Nutter second, Josephine B third. Time
1:24.
One mile— Egbart won, Boney Boy second,
Hobart third. Time, 1:43%.
Four and a half furlongs— Hood's Brigade
wan, Partland second, Maharajah third. Time,
:56Vi.
Six furlongs, selling— Pauline J won, Med
4i«r lecond, Simon D third. Time, I:lsft.
JEFFRIES SAYS
THERE SHALL BE
NO "LOAFING"
He Will Cut Out a Fast Pace if
Fitzsimmons Does Not
Do So,
NEW YORK. June s.— There was plenty j
of activity In Fitzslmmons' training quar- i
ters at Bath Beach to-day. The champion j
| got into his exercising stride unusually
, early, going for a bicycle ride at 7:30
j o'clock and covering a lot of ground on
| the trip. "Fitz" is a great lover of the
j wheel and he gives bicycling considerable
< time in his daily exercise. During his
i spin on the wheel he frequently reaches'
; a high pitch of. racing speed, and as a
: result he was dripping with perspiration
I when he returned to his training quarters
j at 9 o'clock. He was not in the least dis
tressed, however. After a refreshing rub
down he paid a visit to the gymnasium,
where he punched the bag.
Unlike Jeffries, Fitzsimmons sparred
; lightly at the ball. He hit more with the
i purpose of developing his hitting power.
; Fitzsimmons- is a past master Jn the art
I of bag-punching, and those whcTwitnessed
i the champion amuse himself with the
leathern sphere enjoyed the exhibition
I very much. An hour and a half was
■ given to this exercise by Fitzsimmons.
: His wind at the conclusion of the exhi
bition was excellent, showing that in that
' respect he is as good as he ever was in
; his life. Fitzsimmons' speed while he en
j gaged' in his bag-punching work was up
i to his usual standard of excellence.
A brief loafing spell followed the gyrff-
Lr.asium exercises, after which the eham
i pion ate a hearty dinner. This over, he
I swung himself into a hammock and took
' things easy until 2:30 o'clock, when he
1 had spirited boxing bouts with "Jack"
: Everhardt and "Jack " Kenny. Fitz
1 kept his sparring partners busy. He kept
1 them hustling, fighting all the while, and
when they tried to let up he prodded them
Ito renewed energy. Fitz' hands moved
1 fast the while. His footwork was very
pretty, as was his dodging. When the
' beys pulled off their gloves at 3 o'clock,
Fitz said he thought he had done enough
work, and he loafed around for the re
' mainder of the day.
Fitzsimmons claims that he is as good
: a fighter to-day as ever, and that his ln
: activity for two years has by no means
, affected his speed or hitting qualities is
admitted by all good judges who have
j seen him training.
Sparring was the principal feature of
Jeffries' training to-day. The Califor
nian boxed eleven rounds in all, five with
"Tommy" Ryan, three with "Jim" Daly
i and a Tike number with "Jack" Jeffries,
i The bout between Ryan and Jeffries was
: the most liyely of the series. It was full
of fast exchanges, wilh Ryan righting
hard during the entire fifteen minutes
they were in the ring. Ryan devoted con
; siderable time to feinting, but Jeffries
J made no false moves while Ryan was
trying to draw him out.
fn fact Jeffries behaved better than at
; any time since he has been at Asbury
' Park and hf- showed better foot work and
more speed than ever with his hands. He
blocked beautifully at times and sur
prised Ryan on more than one occasion
Iby cleverly parrying blows aimed at a
PUBS DRAFTED
TO PREVENT WAR
Arbitration Committee
Is at Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE HAGUE. June s.— The arbitration
committee of the Peace Conference held
a meeting to-day under the chairman
ship of M. Leon Bourgeois. Andrew D.
White, head of the United States dele
gation: Sir Julian Paunce-fote. head of the
British delegation, and ML de Staal. head
of the Russian delegation, with all the
members of the committee, were present.
After M. Bourgeois had made a sympa-
I thetic reference to the death of Miss
i Roth, daughter of Dr. Roth, head of the
I Swiss delegation, who was killed in a
I railway accident last Thursday at Flush
: ing, the secretary of the drafting com
i mittee read th/> draft scheme of media
i tlon it had under consideration.
Articles 1 and 2 are declaratory— to the
effect that the signatory powers in order
to prevent a recourse to force have agreed
to effect pacific solutions of differences
! and will, except in exceptional circum
stances, before an appeal to force have
recourse to the mediation of one or more
friendly powers.
Article 3 declares: "Independently of a
recourse to such amicable means, the sig
i natories deem it expedient that one or
' more powers not concerned in the con
flict should of its or their own initiative,
and so far as circumstances will permit.
I lend Its good offices or mediation to the
I states al variance. The right to offer
| good offices of mediation belongs to pow
ers not concerned in ifie conflict, even
during trie course of actual hostilities;
and the exercise of this right can never
be considered by the parties at variance
as an unfriendly act.'"
Article 4 provides that the role of med
iator shall consist in the reconciliation
of conflicting classes and the allaying of
bitterness between states at variance.
Article 5. defining the limitation of the
functions of a mediator, says these shall
cease on the moment it Is stated by one
of the parties to the dispute or by the
mediator that the arrangements or the
basis of a friendly understanding proposed
by him is not accepted.
Article 6 says that the good offices con
templated, either at the Instance of the
parties at variance or In th.c initiative of
uninvolveo powers are exclusively of the
character of- friendly counsel.
Article 7 asserts: "Acceptance of media
tion cannot have the effect, except by
virtue of a convention to the contrary,
of Interrupting or retarding or hampering
mobilization or other preparations for
war. If mediation intervenes after the
opening of hostilities it shall not inter
rupt, except by virtue of a convention to
the contrary, military* operations In
course of execution."
Article 8 says: "The signatories are in
accord to recommend, in all circumstances
permitting it, special mediation in the
following form: In the event of grave
differences threatening peace the states
at variance shall choose respectively a
power to which each shall confide the
mission of entering into deliberations with
the power chosen by the other side, in
order to prevent a rupture of friendly
relations. During the currency of their
mandate, which, except in the event of a
stipulation to the contrary, shall not ex
ceed thirty days, the question in dispute
shall be considered as referred exclusively
to those powers. They shall apply all
efforts to settle the dispute, and in the
event of an actual rupture of friendly re
lations shall remain charged with .the
mission of taking advantage of every oc-
The draft was adopted without, modifi
cation, although the committee stipulated
that it should be subject to modifications
at the second reading.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
SAILED.
Monday, June 5.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
COOS BAY— Sailed June s— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived June s— Schr
Mary Etta, hence June 2; 6chr Bender Bros,
hence June 3.
CASPAP.— SaiIed Ju,ne s— Stmr Cleone, for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June s— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived June s— Stmr Roanoke,
from Vancouver.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived June s— Stmr Fries
land, from Antwerp; stmr Anchoria, from
Glasgow and Moville.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 6— Stmr Patrica.
from New York, for Cherbourg and Hamburg,
and proceeded.
vital point Of course, he:did not try to
fight back at Ryan, Pur, su entlrgy de
fensive tactics. Several tim6s during me
contest, in order to give the well known
expert an opportunity to Judge his ability
for taking punishment. Jeffries made
Ryan come in and smash him hard on
the body and head. Ryan did so and
Jeffries never flinched through it^a.. „
In the bout with his brother JacK,
Jeffries left openings -the jaw^pur
posely and instructed his brother to
smash him with all possible force on the
point mentioned. "Jack" followed in
structions to. the latter, but failed to
make an impression on Jims head.
Although each of Jeffries sparring
partners were distressed at the conclu
sion of his bout. Jeffries did not show the
least bit of distress when he took off the
gloves. Picking up the medicine ball, he
tossed it about for fully half an hour.
When he stopped work his wind was al
most as good as when he started, ana
this In spite of the fact that he prefaced
the sparring bouts with a four-mile jog
on the road. For several minutes after
he stopped exercising with the medicine
ball he conversed with friends, and the
absence of .any distress on his part oc
casioned comment from all. He then re
ceived a good, hard rub-down, and. join
ing his friends, talked with them about
the coming contest. ■ .
Jeffries made one significant statement.
It was this: "I hope that 'Fitz' will be
just as aggressive as he has been with
other men who - faced him in the ring.
He will find me ready for him every time.
There won't be any sprinting on my part.
I want to fight him, and if I have to cut
out the pace myself I will do it. I am a
stronger man than he is and I am willing
to mix it with him from start to finish.
•I don't care how long or how short the
fight is, but I hope there will be-plenty of
fighting, and good, hard fighting while it
lasts."
. In the afternoon Jeffries took things
easy.
The question of 'appointing timers for
the club" was considered at a meeting of
the Coney Island Sporting Club directors
to-day. Julian .suggested William Mul
doon, the wrestler, who ' officiated in a
similar capacity at Carson City when
Fitzsimmons and Corbett fought. Brady
protested vigorously against .Muldoon'3
appointment, and Julian said that rather
than have any feeling he would withdraw
Muldoon's name. The club has under con
sideration the names of three prominent
sporting men for the place.
George Siler. who will referee the big
fight, left Chicago for this city to-day.
On his arrival here he probably will visit
the training quarters of the principals
and have a talk with them about the style
of fighting to govern the battle. Slier has
always pursued this policy when officiat
ing as referee of a big fight.
L. M. Houseman will act as timer, for
Fitzsimmons. Jeffries' timer has not yet
been named.' The fight will start prompt
ly at 9:30 o'clock p. m. The club has re
quested the principals to be at the club
house at 9 o'clock, so as to avoid any
delay. ffIDjUPW
LLEWELLYN ON
WITNESS STAND
Major of Rough Riders
for Prosecution.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HILLSBORO. N. Mex., June s.— ln the
Fountain murder trial, Major W. H. H.
Llewellyn of Torrey's Rough Riders and
former Speaker of the Territorial House
of Representatives, was put on the wit
ness stand for the prosecution this morn
ing. He directed the investigation of the
Fountain murder case.
"Colonel Fountain was my personal
friend, and I never knew a more affec
| tionate family than his," he said. "I was
! requested to organize a searching party
i and found the abandoned buckboard. We
followed the trail of five horses from
there to Colonel Fountain's last camp,
where we found blood and the prints of a
child's right shoe. We followed the trail
of five horses until it was obliterated by
a herd of Lee's catfle being driven toward
his ranch. On the other side of this herd
was a man riding away very fast. Men
measured boot tracks about the spot
where blood was found. One showed the
bootheel badly run over on one side and
its counterpart was easy to recognize
later when I found it on the adobe roof
of Oliver Lee's house. I also recognized
the track made by William McXew, in
Las Cruces, later, as one about the blood
in camp. In this camp was Colonel Foun- j
tain's valise, containing copies of indict
ments recently found under his prosecu
tion, which had been looked through."
After relating the details of the search
Major Llewellyn said he thought one
horse's track leading away from the scene
of the bloodshed was the same as one go
ing to Lee's ranch.
The Fountain murder trial was delayed
this afternoon and evening by the illness
of Major Llewellyn, who was taken sick
at noon just after the direct examina
tion was finished, and so far he has been
unable to go on the stand. His physician
says the trouble is temporary and that
he will be able to submit to Attorney
Fall's cross-examination to-morrow morn
ing. This feature of the trial has been
looked forward to Since the beginning, Fall
and Llewellyn having been bitter political
enemies for years.
MRS. STANFORD ON
HIGHER EDUCATION
Gives Her Reasons for Limiting the
Women Membership at the
University.
NEW YORK. June 5.— A morning paper
prints the following: Mrs. Jane Stanford,
widow of Senator Stanford, has given her
reasons for wishing to restrict the women
membership of Stanford University to
500. She fixed this maximum number in
her address to the trustees of the uni
versity laet week.
"I am not an opponent of coeducation,"
paid Mrs. Stanford in the interview. "I
believe in higher education of both women
and men. I can readily understand why
women are attracted to Stanford. The
surroundings and atmosphere are whole
some and charming. The university was
founded In memory of our lamented son.
My husband and I wanted it tj# be a model
institution for the higher education of
young men.
"During the year just closed at the uni
versity there were 48rt women students,
almost half of the total attendance. I be
came alarmed. I saw young women from
all over the country at Palo Alto. I did
not wish to say them nay. I admired
their ambition, their character and the
great influence for good of their presence
at the university. But the line had to be
drawn somewhere to prevent the possi
bility, I should say, of the probability of
the character of the university of the in
stitution being changed from what was
originally intended. The university to be
consistent with the idea which led to its
establishment must be the place for
men."
Mrs. Stanford leaves San Francisco to
night for New York, 1 accompanied by
Miss Jennie Flood. Mrs. Stanford will
go direct to London and will make a tour
of the continent. Miss Flood will remain
in New York. Mrs. Stanford expects to
return to California In October.
ADVERTISEMENTS
HEADACHESIF"
COSTIVENtSS 1
Always Result When the
Liver Becomes
Torpid.
HUDYAN PROMPTLY RELIEVES AND
PERMANENTLY CURES.
When the liver becomes inactive, the bile
instead of btins? discharged into the natura
channels, is taken up by the blood, and is dif-
fused throughout the entire system. The result
is to weaken the body, to cloud the brain.", to
weaken the action of the heart, to produc
headaches and costlveness, to weigh down th<»
'< energies. The entire system becomes poiso:ie'l
and distress must follow. The digestion is im-
paired; there is loss of appetite and pain in
stomach, rlsrht side- and shoulder:
These symptoms relate to a torpid Uver, liver
complaint in its' first stagres. If the normal
function of this most Important organ is not fe-
stored, chronic inflammation or enlargement ,f
the liver may result, and these Lesions - ■.
often prove fatal. Again, we have ulcerat-.on
of the stomach or bowels, or inflammation :f
I the bowels, which are often due to torpid livpr.
The entire digestive system may be destroys!
by an inactive liver.
Hudyan readily arouses the liver from its in-
action, strengthens and stimulates 11 to norms!
; action. Hudvan diverts the bile from the blool
•to the intestines, Just as nature intended it
should go, and the bowels are at oni relieved^
I Hudyan is the best remedy on earth for const!- W'
P&tion. for It brings into harmonious action fill J
the organs concerned in the digestion ${ food.
Hudyan performs its work naturally, and no
weakening reaction follows. Thf> weakest
stomach in this world will tolerate Hudyan.
Hudyan Is for sale by drugjrists-^of'c a pack-
ape or six packages for $2 50.
i If your druggist. does not keep Hudyan E?r.d
j direct to the . "...;',;
HUDYAN REMEDY CO,,
Cor. ! Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, ■ CAL.
YOU HAVE THE PRIVILEGE OF COS".
SUI/TINU THE HUDYAN DOCTORS AH T
YOUR CASK FREE .OF CHARGE. CAi.L,
OR WRITE. '■■• •
SECOND SUCCESSFUL. YEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
FOR THE CURE OF
I CONSUMPTION
By the Continuous Inhalation Method.
THE AIR IN EVERY ROOM IS SATUR-
ated with a germicide. The patient lives in
j an atmosphere that positively kills the germ
; of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the weak-
: ening night sweats and cough. Temperature
, falls to normal, and four weeks' treatment In-
I variably increases weight from Bix to twenty
i pounds. • .- ■'■ \ ■ • .. . . •
1 The celebrated Throat and Lung Specialist,
Dr. Robert Hunter of New York, write?:.. "I
entirely approve of all you are doing and pre-
] diet great success for your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
] > • Im- Not Ira- ■
; Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
Ist Stage.. ii .23 .. 5 , , .• . ' . M
2d Stage.. 36 " 12 ' . " 22 : '*.-- ' M
3d Stage.. 30 3 12 15 30
. The Sanatorium is owned and operated by
the San Gabriel Sanatorium Co.. practicing the :
Antiseptic Germlclal Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
physicians and nurses are In attendance. The
Sanatorium is lighted by gas and" heated by
steam and open fires. The rooms — over 100 in
number— are cheerful, sunny and well fur-
nished. Many suites have private baths.
The Sanatorium is delightfully located, nine
miles from Los Angeles, surrounded by twelve
acre« of lawn, fruit trees and shrubs. A bil-
liard room, lawn tennis court, croquet grounds
are free for use of patients'. Fuller -particu- I
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing J
views of the Sanatorium and surroundings and : • *
our methods of treatment, will be mailed free
an application. .'
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL. SANA-
TORIUM CO., San Gabriel. CaJ.
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF lIS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
Just been added.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING. ■
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of ' the Amusement and Shopping
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book. "The Empire Illustrated,"
and other particulars.'
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Proprietor.
! T ~jL SAVE YOUR MONEY i' !
;! ..^jL:... From $10 to $17.50 |j i
; 1 M&jis^ You can get the best All-Wool i l -^
\ pßfSggja Suit Made to Order at '
;»|§JOE POHEIM:
/ ■&s"£ If you want a f;rst-c'ass, '.
BBS well-fittlno; suit of c'othe* 
H?U from $20.t0 $40 go to r
II joe POHEIM !
■SjfK " Fine Clothes at 25 per .]
• cent less than elsewhere. £
301-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush, v
It 10-1 Market St.. S. F. (
CLEVELAND bicycles!
ULL I LLHIIU $40 and $50
LEA V ITT A BILL,
Open Every Evening. 809 Larkin St.'
PURE, HEALTHY, /**&
FRAGRANT. ,;jM|
The unnatural odor from per- T>tSt/ jy
■plratlon and all other Impurities x (jr^
»re . speedily and completely removed and th»
entire body given a pure, healthy, . fragrant
tone by the . dally use. in toilet and bath, of
WOODBURT'S : Facial. Boa» and * WOOD- „- \
BURT'S Facial Cream. ' _" {
/^bEWEYiSTRONB&CD^fg^'
OOEWEY.STRONG&CO.^jggX
patents! j
33U MARKET— **>BSS/RUNNING BUTTLE
WITH BANDITS
Pursuit of the Train
Dynamiters.
OFFICERS' HORSES SHOT
SHERIFFS POSSE RECEIVES A
SETBACK.
Posses Led by the United States Mar
shal Will Follow Up the Des
peradoes to Their Retreat
and Fight to a Finish.
' Pispatrh to The Call.
OMAHA. Neb.. June ."».— A special to the
Bee from Cheyenne, Wyo., says: The.
Sheriff's posse, which left Casper yester
day In pursuit of three of the Union Pa-
Yio train robbers, overtook them when
~ irty miles out and was given a severe
m tliack In the fight which followed, the
robbers shooting two of the posse's horses
and stampeding two more.
The posse consisted of Hazen of Con
verse County, Heistand of Natrona
County, Lee Devine, foreman of the "Cy"
outfit, and several others. They followed
the trail of the robbers almost due north
and over high, sandy, rolling prairie. The
bandits I had eaten luncheon at Teapot
Rocks, twenty-five miles from Casper,
■where with field glasses they could see the
country behind them for ten miles, and
probably saw their pursuers approach
ing. They had been following high ridges,
but after leaving Teapot Kocks struck
down a draw to the head of Teapot Creek,
and followed along the creek bottom lor
-MX miles.
At a high cliff of rock the bandits turned
abruptly^ to the left and rode Into the
rocks. They were seen by the posse and
followed closely; one man trailing them
while the others re.de to the side. • With
in 2"" yards of the rocks. Charles Hallaby
and E.?T. Payton were in the lead. Sud
o> nly two shots rang out and Payton's
horse wont down with a bullet through
its heart
The whole posse ■•mounted and ran
to cover among the rocks. In a few
moments other shut- were fired by the
robbers, but only two shots were fired In
return, as the fugitives were completely
hidden behind rocks, and could not be
sei-n.
A few minutes later J. E. Long of the
K.-se, who had been- me distance be
hind! came up and the robbers put a ball
through his horse lengthwise, and rained
bullets around him like hail. Two more
of thf horses stampeded down a draw to
■ the east, and the posse was considerably
df moralized.
The robbers took advantage of this to
beat a hasty retreat- and as it was too
i!ark to follow them ihe pursuit ceased
till this morning, when the trail was taken
up at the 'head of Dugout Creek, forty
miles north of Casper. Two of the posse
returned to Casper, where reinforcements
were mounted on good horses and imme
diately started out 10 take the trail.
General Manager Dickinson, Superin
tendent Harris, Mr Buckingham of
the Union Pacific, Superintendent Dan
iels and Manager Gentsch of the
Pacific Express, and Special Agent
Vizard of the Union Pacific are at Casper
directing the pursuit. If the robbers suo
ceeded in reaching Hole-in-the-Wall the
fastness will be surround) and a deter
mined effort made to capture them.
At ■•. scene of the ambush one of the
posses this morning found a shotgun
m.irjied "Puc/flo Express Company,"
willed had been dropped by the robbers.
Frank Webb and J. B. Miller of the.Sher
iff's posse, were knocked down by light
ning during the pursuit and seriously in
.
ADVENTISTS DISCUSS
EDUCATIONAL WORK
Church Schools to Employ No Teach
ers Who Have Not Had Per
sonal Christian Experience.
STOCKTON, June 6.— Discussion of
recommendations affecting the educa
tional work of the Adventist denomina
tion was resumed at this morning's
session of the conference, and the fol
lowing were adopted: That only those
who give evidence of a personal Christian
experience and have attained a thorough
mastery of the branches to be taught in
Adventist church schools be employed as
teachers in such schools: that a uniform
(ourse of study prepared by a commit
tee composed of the president of the con
ference, the college board and college fac
ulty should be taught; that salaries of
church school teachers be fixed by the
local board and conference committee;
that the patrons do all in their power to
co-operate In making the church school
;. success; that Healdsburg College con
duct a summer school, the aim of which
shall be to prepare those who are com
petent to teach in the public schools for
positions in church schools.
A resolution was adopted that the sec
ond Sabbath of each month be devoted
to a service In connection with the for
eign mission work of the denomination.
Another provides for the support of su
perannuated ministers.
A vote of thanks for courtesies extended
wa3 tendered to the Southern Pacific Rail
way Company, to the San Francisco .-nd
San Joaquin Railway Company, the Call
fornia Northern Railroad Company, the
Southern California Railroad Company.
the Stockton Transfer Company and the
Stockton Electric Railway Company and
its officers.
Elder J. M. Loughborourh delivered the
discourse at the morning service on the
subject of "Spiritual Gifts."
CONGRESSMAN BLAND'S
CONDITION IS GRAVE
Fears Are Entertained That the Vet-
eran Silver Champion Will
Not Becover.
§4 LEBANON, Mo., June 6.— Congressman
;id P Bland'a condition to-night is
very serious, arid gr'ive fears are enter
tained for his recovery. While he has
rallied somewhat from the apparent col
re is great anxiety on
the part ol v immediate friends and
the att cians. All the mem
bera of hi are at the Congress
man's bedside, the absent ones having
l ■■ en Bummoi ed bj t< legraph.
The patient Is suffering from nervous
•ration, the result of an attack of
gTlp shortly after his return from Wash
onflned to his room
foi two month Hi extreme physical
weakness is at present the most alarming
featur< of th ise. which, at this time
of life, renders the Issue extremely doubt
ful, and his inability to sleep without the
of opiates Is another clement of
da r.p> r.
STOCKTON'S NEW REGIME.
Mayor Harrison Takes Up the Mv-
nicipal Reins.
STOCKTON. Jun< s.— Mayor Harrison
to.,k up the municipal reins to-night. Hi.s
address was terse and businesslike. Ho,
advocated the improvement of Mormon
and Stockton channels. Improved Bew«r
age and reduction of tonnage wharfage
to a schedule Intended to provide only
enough revenue to keep the wharves In
repair, Ed it. Thompson was appointed
<"lty Attorney and C. W . Miller Prose- i
. \uing Attorney by the Mayor. City Clerk
Robinson announced the appointment of ;
i. Hrueck as his assistant ; Tr< as-
Maines that of J. M. Abel as his dep
• i.l Superintendent of Streets Reiben
. eln named his brother, O. B. Relben-
I as Sewer Inspector and A. R. Boguo
* Deputy Superintendent. C. W. Will
iams, Councllman-at-large. was elected
president of the Council. There are four |
Republicans and one Democrat In the I
new Council. The appointments give {
genera] satisfaction. The slates of the
politicians did not go through aa they had
— — ISIBIi
HAVE ROUNDED
OUT FIFTY YEARS
OF WEDDED LIFE
Judge and Mrs. Joseph Y\. Budd Cele
brate the Golden Anniversary of
Their Marriage.
STOCKTON. June 5.-A half century
ago last '\ ening Jos< pi i ! Budd
and Lucinda M. Ash were married
at the home of the bride's father
in Rock County, "Wisconsin. It was
a simple ceremony, followed by the
old-time wedding feasl and attendant
merry making. To-night the fiftieth an
niversary of that marriage was c< le
brated. Experiences exceptional and
commonplace have come to the bride and
Kr^i'in of thai evening. To few has there
been vouchsafed a more happy rounding
of a half century of wedded life. Full of
years and honors, surrounded by their j
children and a host of friends, they w< •••
this evening the recipient? of attestations
of regard that moved them deeply. Three
hundred invitations had been sent oui and
those bidden t'> the reception came, in
several Instances, from Eastern States,
from Oregon and from the far-<>ff South
land. Mrs. Fiudd had four sisters pres
ent — Mrs. Jennie James and Mrs Mary
Harris in Janesviiie. w-;-.. and Mr^. I>.
Nathan ami Mrs. A. Ptarkhouse of Ran
Francisco. Ex-Governor James H. HuM.ii
and John E. Budd, with their families, ;
were present to gTeel their parents on
the golden anniversary and other rela
tives of the family traveled far to attend.
Preparations for the auspicious ev< nt
have been under way for several days.
This evening the spacious residence <>:i
North Butter street was decorated and
illuminated in a manner that showed the
guiding hand of the artist. Over the main
entrance of the mansion was the name
"Budd" formed by incandescent tights ot
every hue. supported on either Bide by the
figures "49 99. The electricians did not
stop with the conversion of the • x
of the house into a mass of mellow light,
but trailed the wires in every dir.
making: it appear as though vaiii
Incandescent lights grew ..n th
of each tree and bloomed on the rose
bushes. No place was too remote to hold
a light and they were arranged with an
effect beautiful to behold.
The Interior of the residence also hnd
undergone transformation. Potted flow
ers, tropical ferns and cut Bowers were
there in profusion. The court yard had
t. <•<■:; floored and roofed by canvas, mak
ing an excelleni place for dancing. The
large dining-room, with rich cut glass re
flecting back the brilliant light and the
decorations arranged by deft hands, made
a scene of rare beauty. The house is well
arranged for such a gathering, as nearly
all of the rooms on the first floor are
connected, permitting the large company
to Intermingle with freedom.
The evening's programme was distin
guished by its informality. It was an
anniversary reception rather than a gold
en wedding. Mrs. Budd, when asked why
the usual wedding ceremony was n"t per
formed, naively remarked that as one had
held so firmly for fifty years she saw no
occasion to repeat It, especially with the
Judge.
Many guests arrived during the day,
while local recipients of invitations began
to appear shortly before 9 o'clock. Judge I
FILIPINO ACTORS
NOT LABORERS
So the Company Is Now
Permitted to Land.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Call Headquarters, Wellington Hotel,
Washington, June .'..
Mr. -Powderly, Commissioner of Immi
gration, with the approval ol the Seen -
tary of the Treasury, has Issued Instruc
tions to the officials of his service at San
Francisco to land the company of Filipino
actors who have been detained there some
weeks pending a final determination of
the case. In the course of bis letter Mr.
Powderly Bays that the persons who have
a contract with the. Filipinos and who
were instrumental In bringing them to
this country assert that it was their in
tention "to procure the services of na
tives of the Philippine Islands who would
be fair types of the people of that race;
that in addition, they should be compe
tent'to illustrate the domestic life, habits
and customs of their countrymen, and
that they should be actors of Buch recog
nized ability as to enable them to faith
fully portray, as actors, the scenes ana
incidents of life in the Philippines, to sing
the native sont's and dance Hi- native
dances of the Filipinos, and further, to
illustrate the Barnes and festivals which
form a part of their domestic life, and
thai under no circumstances would they
i... allotted to perform any 8( rvice in com
petition with American labor.
Continuing, Mr. Powderly says: The
testimony in this case goes to show that
the appellants are actors and that their
performance was witnessed by one who
testified to that fact. U la true thai
followed other occupations, but that is
also true of many well-known actors in
the United States. The point raised is to
their compensation Ls not material, since
there ls no recognized rule or standard
by which managers of theaters are gov
erned in paying the salaries of actors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1899.
Budd and his wife received the guests in '
the hallway and impressed upon them I
that the freedom of the house was theirs. \
With the exception of those that went to !
the members of the local bar. the mvi- |
tations were distributed to personal I
friends without regard to station or call- j
ing. One brought from the Old Ladies' I
Home at Temescal Mrs. Frances H. Tay- !
lor. The lady is M years old and baa
Known Lne Budds ever since they arrived
in the State. in the early fifties. . 
Tne event of the evening was the pres
entation of a rich trlhandled loving cup by
Superior Judge Jones on behalf of the
Stockton bar. Judge Jones felicitated the
couple upon their anniversary. Judge
Jones was once a minister, and was ac
cordingly much "at home" in talking of
the marriage relation. He received in
return remarks from Judge Budd which i
were full of feeling and appreciation of i
the manifestation of regard expressed by i
the gift.
The scene in the parlors as the Judges
were speaking was one well calculated to
arouse the sentimental instincts of be
holders. Retrospectively the mind went
back a half century and considered what
must have been the experiences of the
couple during this long journey together.
By the side of the mother was an. ex-
Governor of the State and another son
who is a regent of the State University.
There were grandchildren of mature years
and other relatives more removed in de
gree. From a humble country lawyer—
perhaps, to be plain, a "backwoods "law
yer" — the groom had risen to be one of the
foremost jurists of the State, and his wife
a woman of exceptional force and activity
who has not only raised a Governor for
the State but has aided her husband much
in his achievements.
It was plain that the years in their !
passing had dealt lightly with the couple.
They were as active as any one in the
concourse of assembled friends.
Mr. and Mrs. I'.udd are New Yorkers.
Judge Budd was born at Pleasant Valley.
Dutcbess County, on January IS, 1522. and
Miss Ash was born in Herkimer County
on the 19th day of April. 1532. They were
not acquainted with each other in the
Empire State. Mr. Budd left bis home in
Dutchess County to go West and the
year 1848 found him in "Wisconsin just
commencing the practice of law. ■ The
same year Mr. and Mrs. Ash moved West
with their family and settled near Mag
nolia, where the young people became ac
quainted and where the wedding cere
mony was performed on June 4, 1849. For
PLAN FOR AN IRISH
NATIONAL PARK
Sons of Erin May Purchase the
Beautiful Lal^es of
Kjllaroey.
NEW YORK, June B.— The beautiful and world-famous Lakes of
Killarney, with their surrounding woods, meadows, hills and valleys,
are for sale .and in peril of becoming private property.
Practically the whole of Killarney district, which is owned by the
Earl of Kenmare and Mr. Herbert of Muekross, has been placed in the
hands of their Dublin solicitors for sale, and already private capital has
been interested in its purchase. In a few weeks the property will be
offered for sale to the highest bidder.
Irish-Americans in Greater New York have been awakened to the
meaning of a private sale of Killarney, and it has been suggested that
Irishmen in this city by popular subscription purchase Killarney, main
tain it as a national park for the people of Ireland and thereby perpet
uate the world-wide interest that has centered about Muekross Abbey,
Dinniss Island, Tore waterfall and the Gap.
• The plan suggested has met pronounced success thus far. Several
prominent Irish-Americans who were interviewed to-night on the subject
expressed themselves strongly in favor of the movement, and the consen
sus of opinion was that there would be no difficulty in raising enough
money to purchase the property to insure its preservation as an Irish
national park. It is said that the portion of the beautiful lake district
offered for sale embraces about 13,000 acres, which may be bought for
$150,000.
Mr. Powderly has secured a pledge from
the persons bringing the company over
that they will execute a new contract
with the Filipinos which will provide that
"their services shall be now only for the
purpose of exhibiting the songs, fiances,
games and plays of the said islands; that
they will causethemto be supported, main
tained, clothed, fed, lodged and supplied
with medical attention when required, so
long as they remain in the United States,
and they shall not require them to do any
other labor or service than above specl
nine years Mr. and Mrs. Budd resided at
Janesville, Wis., where their elder son,
ex-Governor James H. Budd, was born on
May 18, ISSI. and John E. Budd, their
other son. was born two years and three
months later.
In July, 1858, Mr. Budd came to Cali
fornia, his wife following him five, months
later with the two boys, then 5 and 7
years of age respectively. They lived
awhile at Sacramento and later for a
.short time at Wood bridge, In this county.
In 1860 the family moved to Stockton.
Judge Budd. though approaching 7S years
of age, has a brother and two sisters still
living, but they are in New York and
were not able to be present.
Throughout the evening Steele's Or
chestra discoursed music. The older peo
ple contented themselves with social in
tercourse over cards, while those fond of
the waltz enjoyed themselves on the
dancing floor. . The refreshments were
served in bewildering abundance and
variety.
On Wednesday Judge and Mrs. Budd
will leave for a short trip— their second
honeymoon going lirst to San Francisco
for a brief visit and later to the seaside.
Among the invited guests were the fol
lowing:
Hon. Jameri H. Ifuild and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
John E. Budd Mrs. Budd, Miss Lucille Budd,
Harry B. Hudd. Mrs. James Harris, Miss Z.
Harris, Mrs. D. Nathan, Mrs. Jennie James,
Mr., and Mrs. H. R. Starkh.>use. Miss .Stark
house, Mr. and Mrs. H. Isudd. L. D. Woods,
,l B. Webster, .1. B. Louttlt, A. C. Parker. s.
M Bpuner, Frank Smith. Mrs. Fred Reed, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Dunlap, Mr. and Mrs. Hlch
man, John Hurd, Gus Grant, Andrew Russell,
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Widows, Mr. and Mis.
A. -White, Dr. Campbell, Mrs. Russell, Mr. and
Mrs Hvlan.i. Hon. Marion >•• Vrle.- »•"« wife.
Rev. Dr. McKlnnon and wife, George M.'Noble,
C. H. Falrall, 11. C. Shaw, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Stelnhart and daughter. Miss Wllley, H. R.
MoNoble, Dr. Stilus, J. Stltes, Mr. and Mrs.
F. Butterlck, .H. O. Sou th worth. "Thomas
Breeze, Mr. Abrahams, S. .Grothwell, Mr. and
Mrs. Wallace Terry, Mr. and Mrs. Andrew
Simpson, Mr and Mrs. J. D. Peters, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank BoKgs, Mr. and Mrs. T. Y. Read,
Mr. and Mrs. Howard Brown, Mr. and Mrs.
J. G. Thompson, Dr. and Mrs. LeCroaa, Dr.
and Mrs. P. T. Tanner, Mrs. Mnnley, Mrs. S,
D. Past, Thomas Cunningham, Miss Cunning
ham. Mrs. King, S. Kins, Miss J. Read, Dr.
A. A. Hudson. Mrs. A. B. Hudson, Dr. J. B.
H. Read, F. W. Read, Dr. Grattan, Mr. and
Mrs. George Ladd, Mr. and Mrs. Edward
1..M. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Ladd. Mr. and
Mrs. Van Y.l.;ir. Mrs. Ira B. Ladd, .K. R.
Thompson, John Thompson, Miss Mabel Thomp
son, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Morrlsey, Mr. and
Mrs. Cleary, Miss Ethel Cleary. DeWltt Cleary,
It. C. Carroll, Mrs. Dohrmann and Miss Dohr
mann, Mrs. Kate Chalmers, F. P. Adams, Mrs.
B C. Crawford, Miss Anderson, Dr. and Mrs.
Bentley Sr, Miss Bentley, Dr. and Mrs. Bent
ley Jr., Miss Adams, Mr. and Mrs. Alex
ander Chalmers, Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Dud
ley, Dr. and Mrs Asa Clark, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Stuart. Dr. and Mrs. Burton, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank Lane, Mrs. S. M. Adams. Miss
Adams, Mrs. Kelf-ty. Miss Kelsey, Mr. nnd
Mrs. Oscar .N. win, use. Mr. and Mrs. Eugene
Wllhoit, Miss Simpson, A. F. Xaher, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Buck, Mr. and Mrs M. H. Mer
rill, Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Hulse, Mr. and Mrs.
George J. Becker, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Das
gett. Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Phelps, Mrs. George
Clark, Mrs. E. F. Burpee, Mrs. Henrietta
Williams, Mrs. Fannie Steele. Mrs. .1. D. Mc-
Dougald. Mrs. Winifred Carroll, Miss Marks,
Miss St.. ad. Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Franklin, Mr.
and Mrs. C. B. Hart, Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
Post, Mr. and Mrs. S. A. Redman, Mr. and
Mrs H. E. Adams. Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Burn
ham. Mr. nnd Mrs. George Wilhoit. Mr. and
Mrs. John N. Woods, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Wll
holt, Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Cobb, Mr. and Mrs.
H. H. Hewlett, Dr. and Mrs. A L. Foreman,
Mrs. Kate N. Bperry, Mrs. Ralph P. Lane.
Miss Josephine I^adman, Dr. and Mrs. Sargent.
Mr and Mrs. 'I. S. Bostwick, Mr. and Mrs.
W. B. Nutter, Mr. and Mrs. John Hart, Frank
II Gould, Frank West, Mrs. West. Karl Sal
bach. Mr. and Mrs. I-.yndall Miller, Judge Ansel
Smith. Judge W. A. Washington, .1. P. Sum
mervllle, H. N. .1. Swain. Allen Rhodes, O. S.
Wllkes, A. N. Scanlan, Judge Scanlan.
fled, and that they shall be returned to
their native country at the cost ami ex
pense of the contractors at the time speci
fled in the original contract."
FANCY CHINAWARE DAY.
Some articles cut 60 per cent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
-Stores Everywhere.
LA BREGA
LYNCHED
BY CUBANS
Vengeance Overtakes the
Notorious Agent of
Weyler.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HAVANA, June 5.— A dispatch from
San Antonio de Los Banos says that
Joseph la Brega, a notorious agent of
General "Weyler, who assaulted de
fenseless women and killed children,
arrived there yesterday. His appear
ance was the signal for a gathering of
relatives and friends of those whom he
formerly persecuted. The excitement
continued throughout the day and last
night.
At about midnight a crowd sur
rounded the house where he was and
began to threaten him. He attempted
to escape, and, on meeting the demon
strators, emptied his revolver, wound
ing two persons. The crowd closed in
and captured him and he was lynched
in the public square.
#-♦-<$• -♦- <$> -♦- <$> -♦- <$> -*- <S> -♦- <S> -+-$>-*-%
CONVENTION TO
FIGHT TRUSTS
Call Issued by Governor
of Texas.
Special Dlspatrh to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex.. June s.— Governor Jo- !
sc-ph D. Sayers to-day issued a call for
a convention of the Governors and At
torney Generais of the several States ' ,
and Territories to consider anti-trust ]
legislation, to meet in St. Louis on Sep
tember 20. It was originally intended
to set the date for about July 25, but
advices were received from a number
of interested parties that a larger at- ■
tendance would be obtained by holding
the convention some time in Septem
ber.
While the announced object of the I
convention is to uiscuss and formulate j !
some concerted plan o" campaign
against the trust:;, th- 1 gathering will
definitely determine whether or not the
anti-trust question is to be made a na
tional political issue by the Democrat- j
lc party. The invitation of Governor
Sayers is extended alike to Republican
and Democratic Governors and Attor
| ney Generals. If the Republicans do
not respond to the call the Democrats
will take it to mean that the repre
sentatives of that party are not in
sympathy with the movement. The
call is as follows:
AUSTIN, Tex.. June 5, ISW.
Dear Sir: After much reflection I con
cluded that it would not bo improper for
ma (v (uftgtoi 1 1... t .. . ...ii. r>nc i i dov
■ ernors and Attorney Generals of the sev
eral States and Territories he held to
consider the effect which the formation of
mists Is having upon the country, and if,
; possible to agree upon a character of '
legislation that will not. only force those
i now existing into dissolution, but will
also prevent their further creation. I am
i firmly of the opinion, if as many as
twenty States can he induced tn adopt a
uniform policy in reference to this peiier
ally admitted evil and will enforce such !
policy with firmness, impartiality and :
vigor, relief will surely and quickly fol
low. It cannot be doubted that tn this
matter State action is necessary and that
uniformity in the enactment and enforce
: ment of legislation Is indispensable. I have
therefore to respectfully suggest to your
Excellency and to the Attorney General
of your State that a conference to con
sist of the Governors and Attorney Gen
erals of such States and Territories as
may see proper to attend be held at St. ;
! I.*<uis on Wednesday, the 20th day of Sep- ;
tember, ISO 9, for the purpose of taking
such action as may he deemed proper re
specting the subject matter of this com- ;
munication.
An early reply advising me of your
views and intentions is requested. I have i
1 the honor to be very respectfully your ;
i obedient servant,
JOSEPH D. SAVERS.
Governor of Texas.
Speaking in reference to the pro
posed conference. Governor Sayers
said to-day:
It is my desire that the Governors and
} the Attorney Generals of the several
States give the matter careful attention
I and that they will come to the convention
' prepared to take an active part in its I
1 proceedings. I have named a date over t
; three months In advance of the present
' for the very reason that I desire that all
the time possible be given In which to
! create an interest in the movement. I
I feel confident that the attendance will be
' large and that much good will result,
whatever action or concerted legislative
policy toward the trust evil may be
apreed upon. There is no politics in the
proposed meeting, and every Governor
and Attorney General is cordially invited
to attend.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
WASHINGTON, June s.— By direction of
the Secretary of War. First Lieutenant
Haydon Y. Grubbs, Sixth I'nited States
Infantry, will, upon his muster out as
lieutenant colonel of volunteer infantry,
proceed to San Francisco and report in
person to the commanding; general, Re
partment of California, for assignment to
duty. Lieutenant Grubbs will, upon com
pletion of the duty to which he may be
assigned by the commanding general. De
partment of California, proceed to join his
regiment in the Philippines.
Captain Downs will proceed at once to
San Francisco and report in person to the
commanding general. Department of Cali
fornia and Columbia, for assignment to
duty as quartermaster under direction of
i Major P. Henry Ray, Eighth United
I States Infantry, commanding the district
| of North Alaska.
Sergeant Louis F. Ursenbach, band.
Fourth United States Cavalry, Presidio
of San Francisco, is transferred as a pri-
v ate to the band of the Third United
, States Artillery. He will be se.it to the
station of that organization at \rigle Is
-1 land.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Neyil M. Gar
i rett. United States army, will proceed
'■. from Frankfort. Ky., to San Francisco
| and report In person to the commanding
I general. Department of California.
Private Florence Sullvan, Light Battery
C, Third United States Artillery, now at
! Fort Riley, Kans.. is transferred to Bat-
I tery I. Third United States Artillery. He
i will be sent to the station of that battery,
Presidio of San Francisco.
Pensions for Californians: Original-
George R. Halsey, San Jose, $12. Increase
— Thomas Forest, Soldiers' Home. Los An
geles, $8 50 to $17; William H. Dodds. Han
ford. $1! to $10. Special. May 2t>— John L.
; Somerby, Los Angeles, $S to $12. Reissue
i and increase — Edwin Thurlow. Harris. $G
to $8. Original— Henry E. Philips. Fa
mosa, $6; John . Moore, Soldiers Hume,
Los Angeles, $S. Restoration and increase
—William A. March, Red Bluff. $S to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Harriet T. Marsh,
Red Bluff, $S.
Oregon: Renewal— Martin V. Andrews,
Gardiner, $10. Original— Jacob Shanner,
Heppner, $12.
Death Due to Cancer.
NAPA, June 5.— 8. F. Holden. a native
of New Hampshire, aged 57 years, died
of cancer of the throat this afternoon.
He had suffered for ten months. Holden
was manager of the Napa Woolen Mills
for many years.
LATEST LETTER
FROM ANDREE
It Is Picked Up by Two Boys in
Norway and Is Dated July
11, 1897.
CHRISTIANIA, June s.— According to a dispatch from Mandal, the
most southern town of Norway, two boys on May 14 found on the north
coast of Iceland a small cork case containing a slip of paper dated July
11, 1597, signed "Andree, Strindberg and Fraenckel." and bearing the
■words "All well. Thrown out about longitude 81, latitude unknown."
Professor Andree's brother thinks the case was probably one of the
letter buoys with which the Andree expedition was provided.
URGES REWARD
FOR KITCHENER
Balfour Defends Acts of
the Sirdar.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON*. June s.— Lord Kitchener of
Khartoum. Sirdar of the Egyptian forces,
arrived here to-day and called upon A. J.
Balfqur, First Lord of the Treasury and
the leader in the House of Commons, with
Whom he had a long interview. .
Mr. Balfour, late in the day in introduc
ing the vote of £30.000 ((150,000) for Lord
Kitchener in tho House of Commons, said
that the fact that the power of Mahdism
w;is crushed was due to the genius of the j
man they desired to honor and reward.
He expressed the hope that those who ob-
Jected to the policy of the Soudan ad-'
vance would not think that a reason fur
resisting the vote, as such a course would
be Introducing politics Into military mat
ters. He then dwelt with admiration on
tho way the Sirdar had surmounted dif
ficulties and organised victories, and by
"his unswerving and almost superhuman
industry," deserved a signal murk of
gratitude and honor, and he. Mr. Balfour.
believed that in proposing the vote of
£30,000 he was only carrying out the
wishes of the House and of the country.
Sir Henry Campbell-Banner man, the op
position leader, cordially supported the
motion, while expressing regret at the
treatment of the Mahdi'B body, which he
regarded as an error of taste aaid judg-
Jlr Balfour did not reffr to the incident
of the Mahdi's head excepting Indirectly,
when he said he conceived that there was
only one question before the House,
namely-military merit. Mr. Balfour
added that the country whose army con
cerned itself with politics was on the
verge of military despotism.
John Morley, former Liberal Chief Sec
retary for Ireland, opposed the vote on
the ground of the treatment of the
Mahdi'a head, to which Mr. Balfour re
plied thai he did not believe the element
of vengeance had Influenced General
Kitchener in the smallest degree, pointing
out that he had treated the Mahdi s fam
' lly with the utmost consideration. It was
the tir-n duty of the man responsible for
the safety of the men and officers left In
charge of nmdurman to root out the
fanatiaal superstition which had been the
strength of Mahdism for years. Mr. Bal
!-,....■ «Ld«mitted nii»«vr. •»».-.« porliai"-- the
reinterment of the remains might have
been conducted in a better manner
The Hojse voted General Lord Kltcn
ener a grant of £39,501.
MATRIMONIAL KNOT
MADE DOUBLY SECURE
Secret Wedding of Sacramento Couple
Followed by a Marriage in
Public.
"WOODLAND, June s.— On March 8 of
this year a marriage license was issued
in this county to Rudolph Bernard Brun
ner and Helena Gropp, both residents of
Sacramento. Mr. Brunner and Miss
Gropp visited the Clerk's office together
to procure the license, and on the follow
ing day they were married in Washing
ton by Justice of the Peace Gill. The
witnesses were C. A. Elliott of Sacra
mento and Mrs. C. H. Brown of Wash
ington. The marriage certificate was re
corded on April 7 at the request of Judge
C* ill
This quiet wedding is a cause of much
surprise. The young couple were known
to be engaged, and preparations were then
under way to have the marriage cere
mony celebated at a later date in Sacra
mento with more than ordinary pomp.
For some unexplained reason Mr. and
Mrs Brunner said nothing about the loin
County marriage, and the parents of the
voting woman continued their efforts to
ward making her wedding an elaborate
one. However, the suspicions of some
friends were aroused and several inquiries
have reached this city concerning the
couple's the unconventional wedding did
That thr unconventional wedding did
not interfere with the other is shown by
the following extract from the Record-
Union:
Rudolph B. Brunner and Helena Gropp r were
married Sunday at noon in the German Luth
eran Church by Rev. Charles P. Oehler. The
ceremony was witnessed by a large number of
relatives and invited friends. The notable
feature of the church decorations was a floral
arch overhung with a large basket of flowers.
The wedding party immediately proceeded to
Turner Hall, where all, including guests to
the number of over 200, sat down at five lone
tables to partake of a wedding dinner. Chris
AVelsel acted as master of the feast. Mrs.
Otto Wllhelm rendered a couple of vocal solos,
German love songs, and also led the male choir
of some twenty members, which gave a num
ber of selections in German. The newiv wedded
pair received an unusually large number of
valuable gifts. They took the 5 o'clock train
for San Francisco. Their home will be at
Uklah, Mendocirro County.
SCARLET FEVER APPEARS
AT MISSION SAN JOSE
Four Children Have Died and a Num
ber of Houses Are Quar
antined.
DECOTO, June n.— People in the neigh
borhood of Mission San Jose are much
alarmed on account of scarlet fever cases
in that town. Four deaths of children
have occurred. The disease broke out in
the convent, which contained fifty chil
dren and spread with alarming rapidity,
although strict measures were adopted
to check it. Now it has spread among the
people of Mission San Jose and the sur
rounding country. Dr. Emerson, the
Health Officer of the township, has placed
in strict quarantine all of the cases.
TO COMPETE WITH
THE PACIFIC MAIL
Contract Signed for a Steamer Line
to Ply Between South American
and Mexican Ports.
MAZATLAN, Mexico, June s.— President
Porfirio Diaz has just signed the contract
with Adam Berrel, the representative of
an English company, for the establish
ment of a new steamship line to ply be
tween South American ports and Ma.zat
lan. The line will be extended to Califor
nia ports as soon as trade justifies, the
ultimate purpose of the new line being to
compete with the Pacific Mail and other
coast lines.
Not Guilty of Incendiarism.
WOODLAND, June s.— The trial of
Chris Ramlaw. charged with having set
fire to Snowball's warehouse at Knights
Landing, was concluded in the Superior
Court on Saturday evening and resulted
in the acquittal of defendant. The case
went to the jury about 9 o'clock and a
verdict was reached in four minutes. The
defendant was discharged from custody.
■♦
Fire Burns Grain and Kav
WOODLAND. June 5.— A grain field fire
this afternoon on H. E. Coils ranch near
Woodland destroyed sixty acres of barley
and 200 tons of hay which had been cut.
The loss waa about $2000. The lire started
in a shock of hay and is supposed to have
been caused by careless handling of
matches by a stranger who had been seen
in the Held shortly before tire was dis
covered.
General King Mustered Out.
WASHINGTON. June s.— By direction of
th( President, Brigadier General Charles
King, who has, just arrived at San Fran
cisco from service in the Philippines, has
been honorably discharged from the vol
; untet-r army, to take effect August 2. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A man in the darkness of hopeless di*«
ease is of all men most miserable. When
doctors and medicines innumerable have
been tried and found wanting, and loving
friends vainly urge upon him the food he
cannot eat and which brings him no nour-
ishment or strength, what is to be done ?
Men and women who have sunken so
far into weakness and disease that the
whole body seems to be permeated and
poisoned by it have found health,
strength and vigor through the transform-
ing, electrifying power of that wonderful
"Golden Medical Discovery" which Dr.
R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, NY., proffered,
thirty years ago, to sick and suffering hu-
manity.
During all the years since then this mar-
velous " Discovery " has been building up
weak and debilitated constitutions by its
extraordinary influence upon the human,
nutritive system. It gives the digestive or-
ganism keen power and capacity to appro-
priate ever? lifp-gjytnnr element frrmi.tVi*».
food taken into the stomach and trans-
forms it into rich, highly vitalized blood
and healthy flesh, bone, sinew and nerve
fiber.
Consumption in all its earlier stages is
arrested and counteracted by the tissue-
building, flesh-making, life-promoting pow-
er of this grand medicine and there is no
darkness of bodily ailment so dense but it
will shed upon the sufferer the light of re-
newed hope.
Dr. Pierces Pellets cure constipation.
AVOID HEAT PROSTRATION
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Bod . Brain and Nerve Tonic.
ALL. DRUGGISTS. AVOID SUBSTITUTES.
Portraits and endorsements sent postpaid.
MARIAN] * CO., 52 W. 15TH ST.. NEW YORK.
Strong Drink is Death
OR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively gnaranteed remedy lor the
Drink Habit, Nertousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
W« <;r,AKA.VTKF. FOFR KOXF.S
to cure any case with a positive written Kaar- .
antcc or refund the money, and to destroy me
appetite for intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDniIC n D 1111/ causes M!s«ry. Poverty
SlnUnD UnlHrtmiit Death. Upon receipt
it slo.oo *ra will mail you four [4] boxes and posl-
\\e written Kiinr:intt>« to cure or refund
ocr r>""ier Sin?'- u .*r.— •' ■'><>.
GEORGE DAHLBKNDER & CO.. Sol* A«t&.
HI Keirny st.. San Frmoolaoo.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
,1 (T& ICSIIiA2ESTST.to'..6-J:t7ti,S.F.W. i
Cj^ The Largest Anatomical Museum In the T
I \ ir^FH. -n. World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
jSSsM disease p««l«l»«-ly cared by the oldest T
# (gal Specialist on the Coatt. Esc 36 years 0
ii¥s.\ DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES*
■ Cwl Consultation free and strirtly private v
I ]K«?H Treatment personally or by Inter. A A
fl If tjl U Potitne Cure in every case undertaken. T
rII lift Write for Bock. riIILOSUI'BV of i
»J| I 1! MAKRIAGK. MAILED FREE. (A F
A I* It' valuable book for mrnj 1
f »R. JOKDAX A CO., 1051 Market St.. S. F. 0
MAKE PERFECT MEM
SDO WOT DESPAIR ! Do not Suf-
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cists of .\>rvou> Debility art
absolutely cured by I'EKI'EfTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of ear'.y years.
Impart viftor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give ■*,*»> bloom to tho
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /j*i\vounit or old.
One 50c box renews vital energy, pifj 6 boxes at
$2. BO a complete guaranteed cure \MljjETor money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by THE PKRFE(-TO CO., Carton RM .. Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleeta. Stricture*
and analogous complaints of the Organ* of
Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists, j
Wrist's Mian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona
who have used them for forty years to cura
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Fin*
plea and purify the blood, "- ~;r-: ■ '■: ■,■>
34
BARYTONE SCORES
A TRIUMPH FOR
THE LAMBARDIS
Individual Virtues but
Bad Ensemble.
MISS JOHNSTONE BENNETT
COLUMBIA'S NEW PLAY PRO
DUCED BUT UNNAMED.
"Pagliacci*' and "Th« Pirates" at j
The Grand and the Tivoli
Singers in "The Merry
War."
The Lambardi Italian Grand Opera
Company from Milan, by way of South
America. Mexico and Los Angeles,
opened to a snug house in the Call
fnruia Theater last night, and in the
reliable double bill of "Pagllaccl" and
"Cavallerta RustJcana" soon made
friends with the audience, in which the
local Italian colony was well repre
sented. The encore fiend and his loud,
stout hand were there in noisy num
bers, and several incongruous en
wer? accepted by th-* willing singers.
Altogether the night came off with a
great deal of hurrah; nobody seemed
to expect too much o£ an organization
that had been so mild in its promises;
individual faults and failures were re
ceived good naturedly, and all that was
good was greeted enthusiastically by
hands, feet and mouth.
The best of the pood was contributed
by Salassa, the barytone, in the part
of Tonio in the "Pagliacei." At the
first note the crowd knew him for an
artist, and if ever an encore be pardon
able in opera certainly his was in the
"prologue." Salassa's singing of this
resourceful pong was nothing short of
■rly. His voice is big. rich and
wide, strenuously masculine and firm
In all its scale; and the way he sent it
out in the "prologue" was an occasion
for cheers. I have heard many bary
tones in this piece, but none better
than Salassa. He would have been
worth his weight in bonds to the Ellis
company. Not only can he ping with
art and distinction and act, but he has
the voice, the big, open, bounding voice
That touches you and triumphs. His
Tonio was a memorable character
throughout.
But the L#amhardis are in it
gas. If they were it would be another
tale — and other prices. The resi are
what a careful man w>uld have ex
pected. Salassa is the surprise And
you will be missing things if you don't
hear him.
A r^nor of admirable intention partly
executed is Av-^dano. Ho plays Canto
in the "Pagliacci" and would act. pas
sionately, and does. His voice falls
Bunietmua '■•»■» ■■■ * •«' •»*• om J<%nvar. lint
still you can admire it for many things,
especially when it is not overleapin
self. It is of the pure Italian quality,
quite sure of the not.-, and Boft and
easy in legato. In the more dramati ■
passages it takes in an emotional qual
ity that is not wholly congenial and
often reveals the machinery of effort.
s Btegni was the Nedda. Sh" re
minded me of a Maude Adams gone
Italian and vocal. Sh« has something
of the - ■ Ich of face and sh<
slim, girlish and Ingenuous. Like Maude
Adams Bhe BUggests Inexperience. That
Is pan barm. The voic< fits the
nality. It is immature, embar
:. almost, at tim^s; of long rang<
and a reedlike quality that I found
rather fascinating.
Bo much for the principals in "Pag
liacci." The performance as a whole
was not admirable. The orchestra was
bad. atrocious, and the chorus ran it a
clos.- second, and ; ti' stage manage
ment was unmentionable. The play
within a piny was acted out in th"
open instead of in the tinted Stage; and
so far as action was concerned the
chorus might as well have been
painted on the Bcenery. From a pic
torial point, they would have been much
better served up that way. You never
saw such a gallery of service-scarred
Medusas.
"CavaHeria" came second, and the
same general criticism applies, except
that there was no great barytone, and
that the chorus was a little less rigid.
Barduccl was thp Santuzza, and a good
one. Her voice is far from huge, but
it has the dramatic quality and a cer
tain harshness that finds the right vent
in the part. A tall and overposed
young man by the name of Juan Bar
daaoeo played Turridu, and in spite of
diverting mannerisms acquitted hlm
sHf with considerable force. The rest
need not be listed.
• * •
The new play at the Columbia is still
unnamed, as you will learn from an
other paragraph. It will be reviewed
in to-morrow's Call.
• • •
Miss Johnstone Hennett, the young
woman who was once distinguished
as the original Jane and who after
ward came into publicity as The prr»
prietoi of a male valet, is th? topliner
r.f ;h< Orpheum bill thfs w ••■!:. Tn n
nondescript sketch by the name of "A
Quiet Evening at Home" Miss }?"nnetf
personates not less than five listinci
characters. Her changes of costume
and makeup are rapid and surprising,
but her real work on tho stage is not
calculated to set the bay i-burnini?.
In two female characters of the tou^h
variety she employs a certain realism
that is clever technically if not very
amusing or new to her auditors, but
the otht.r lightning changes, that run
from a society woman to a boy about
town, are dull any way you take th. :n.
Antonio Williams is Miss Bennett's un
eventful co-worker. According to thr
programme, it required two authors to
write the sketch, which in itself
amounts to nothing.
The other new teams are out and out
variety, fvnd they seemed to Dle%se
Sunday n'ght's crowd.
Houdini, the police baffler, who es
capes from ail sorts of handcuffs, is
really a wonder, although his feats do
not show up as well on the stage as
they do in private exhibitions; the audi- i
ence is inclined to suspect a hoax. How-:
this young man gets out of the hand- j
cuffs I would not attempt to explain, j
but several hundred spotless policemen
who witnessed Houdini'a exhibition in
the City Prison the other day will bear!
ut in the statement that he made i
straw of their toughest irons and gave j
them the merry ha-ha generally.
McAvoy and May dub themselves J
"cyclonic comedians," and are reward
ed by tumultuous applause for one of
the roughest acts ever displayed in the !
Orpheum. I mention the applause as a !
matter of justice to the performers, j
Personally I should pleasure in seeing!
them jailed every time they throw
those large missiles of French bread at
the audience. ASHTON STEVENS.
Columbia.
Eva Foster Rigga' new comedy, as yet
Unnamed, was tried on a San Francisco
audience last night at the Columbia. It
belns Its first appearance on any stage.
While the house was not overflowing, it
Wai select, many prominent citizens and
t!-.Hr wives being seen in the orchestra
and dress circle, but it was not a wildly,
demonstrative house. In fact, it was too
good to be warm, and the first act opened
In a decorous silence that was first cousin
to a frost. But it was impossible to ignore
the good acting and good stage setting,
and by the time "Aunt O'LJne." tho fe
male and the only villain of the play,
came before the footlights, San Francisco
had thawed sufficiently to give her ex
cellent acting a hearty round of
applause. There was another round
or even more liberal applause be
fore the curtain fell at tho end
of the act for Herbert Kelcey nnd
Effle Shannon, who were called thrice be
fore the footlights.
The excellent acting of the principals
bad captured the audience before the end
of the second act, and from that time on
there were little bursts of applause, some
times for the people, sometimes for the
b« enJc effects. Although the piece was
Intended for a comedy, it If idyllic in spots
and moistens the eyes even while it
\\ reathes the lips in smiles.
Before the last :trt the announcement
was made from the stage that of 4000
names suggested for the comedy, Mr.
Kelcey and Miss Shannon had selected the
■ ;:>x to be voted upon by the public
"Southland, by "P. O.;"
"A New Comedy of Krrors." by Mr?. H.
Harris. 321 Franklin street; "At Last," by
L M. Perry. 1170 Market street; "A Love
Trap," by A. A. Wheeler, 2iis Washing
tree t, and "A Paternal Love," by
Miss Marian Surers. 916 Hyde street.
Grand Opera House.
"Pagliacd" was heard south of Market
street as well as north of Market street
last night, and the production at the
Grand Opera-house by the South
well Opera Company was received
with enthusiasm by the audience.
Edith Mason as Nedda scored an artistic
! success, and it can safely be said that
is not been heard to better advan
; tape since the season opened. She was
> in excellent voice and her acting was full
I of tiro and charm in her scones with
Tonio and Canto and tenderness and grace
with h>-r lover Silvio. Thomas H. Persse's
Canio was one of his best efforts ami he
[ved a curtain cull for his fine- rendi
tion of the closing scene in the first act.
■\\infrod Goff as Tonio surprised his ad
min rs in his Binging of the prologue, and
received five curtain calls. He was in
v i voice. Mira IVlamotta as Silvio and
Nace Bonville as IVppe completed the
excellent cast. "The Pirates of Pen
■ " formed the first part of the at
tractive double bf!l.
Tivoli.
Oracle Plaisted was given a warm wel
<• itne on her appearance at the Tlvoll
last inpht as Blsa in "The Merry War."
The little woman has lost none of her
mess, nor has she apparently lost
friends during her absence. The play Is
well cast and quite entertaining. Miss
Platstt d made her appearance in the sec
..•t. it was a signal for applause, re
ed long ;i::<l heartily. At the close
of the ac( th< songstress was given six
recalls. Many handsome floral pieces
went over the footlights. Frank Coffin,
! in his singing nf "Because You Love Me,"
whs well received. Edwin Stevens. Wil-
I liam Pruette. Phil Branson and Annie
Meyers were heard in congenial parts and
, the opera is promised a successful run.
Alcazar.
Lewis Morrison seems quite recovered
from his recent illness. A crowd greeted
him. Miss Roberts and the Alcazar stock
company jn "Hamlet" last night. The
same play runs all week, to be followed
by "The Master of Ceremonies."
Olympia.
Waldo and Elliott proved themselves to
be a very clever pair nf aerial artists
last night at tho Olympia. They have
some tricks new to this part of the coun
try. George Wilson, a blackface com
edian, excelled In old style clop and buck
and wing dancing, while Antonio Vargas,
rytone, was well received.
Chutes.
The new bill at the Chutes Free Theater
was greet--'! by a crowded house. Mr.
and Mrs. Keesing. vocal soloists and
diKtists, were well received by a host of
mends, ami Gene Huphn. nmi l*dr>
Crews Hughes made a noisy hit In "A
Model Husband." The amateur minstrels
v i'l be repeated Thursday nigm.
Nat Goodwin in London.
LONDON, June .".-Mr. Nat Cjoodwin, ;
Maxim- Elliott and their company
appeared at the Duke of York's theater
;!.is evening under the management
Mr. Charles Prohman in "The Cowboy
and the Lady," by Clyde Fitch. They
were accorded ;i most cordial welcome by
an audience completely tilling the the
ater. The play, however, is generally
mned, and it Is feared it will n^; be
a success here, apart from the great per
hits made by Mr. Goodwin, Miss
Elliott and Mr. Hurr Macintosh.
Mr. Goodwin was called before the cur
tnln repeatedly, and after peremptory de
mands for a speech, ho responded in a i
few happy words of thanks. Wh^n the ;
author appeared before the curtain the
pit dii not hesitate to express its disap
proval.
The audience Included Mr. Joseph H.
Choate, the United States Embassador,
Mr. and Mrs. Bradley Martin, Mr. Froh
man. William Gillette, Mis- Ethel Barry- :
more and many other Americans. The
morning papers review of "The Cowboy
and the "Lady" applaud the acting, heart
ly welcome Sir. Goodwin's reappearance
and express the hope that he will fro long
show his quality in a more fitting play.
JURORS' FEES CASE.
Supervisors Lay the Question of Re-
fusing Demands Over a Week.
The seven members of the Board of
Supervisors who mrt yesterday postponed
■ the matter of taking up the claims of
! Jurors in the criminal departments of the
Superior Court until next Monday. At
; that time the board will take up the
claims and formally repudiate them, which
will clear the way for proceedings in man
date to be instituted on behalf of the
■ jurors by Attorney Louis P. Board man.
! In order to validate proceedings in man
date a formal refusal to audit the de
mands must be made by th<- Supervisors.
The Dog Was Hungry.
Florence Williamson, a girl sr-veri y»>ars
of age, was sitting outside her home at
I'll" Bryant street yesterday afternoon
eating a piece of bread, when a dog
stopped and watched her. The dog was
evidently hungry, as it made a snap for
the bread just as the girl had it In her
mouth and bit her under the lip. The
pirl was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
and In. Thompson attended to her wound
ed lip. The dog was shot by a police
man.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Free Trial Treatment Sent Privately by Mail to All Who
Suffer.
A Remarkable Remedy for a Terrible Affliction — The Cure Is
Permanent,
A free trial treatment Is being sent out I
by the State Medical Institute in ordei
to demonstrate the fact that the most j
horrible of all diseases can be cured, i
There is a good deal of controversy over j
this subject among those who declare the
disease incurable, but the facts are in- ■
dubltable and must be acknowledged. The j
action of this new remedy Is peculiar. The |
physician in charge of th<: institute has !
had a long and varied experience treating !
this disease of the blood, and about two ,
years ago, after a long series of experi-
ments, he found the exact specific that
offsets the poison, renders It lifeless and !
eliminates it from the body. Having per- !
sonally examined many hundreds of cases |
and familiarized himself with every de- i
tail of the disease, his discovery came
naturally and has never failed him. One ,
of his recent cures was a most hopeless
case, the disease having caused the hair
to fall out and the body was one mass of :
putrescent sores, bolls, blotches and un- j
sightly disfigurements. In ten days tho |
entire outer skin waa healed and there I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE C>, 1899.
INDIANA-STREET
"BONEYARD" GOES
UP IN SMOKE
Fertilizing Works To
tally Consumed.
LOSS ESTIMATED AT $50,000
COSTLY MACHINERY AND OTHER
STOCK IN THE RUINS.
Buildings, Old and Frail, Burn Like
Tinder — Origin of the Fire
Unknown — Partial
Insurance.
The destruction of the fertilizing plant
of Nicholas Ohlandt & Co. on Indiana and
Yolo streets, Potrero, made a lively fire
in the Potrero late last night. The entire
works were destroyed and the loss is es
timated at about $50,000. The origin of
the fire is unknown. For a long time the
blaze gained headway owing to lack of
water, and for hours after the fire had
been got under control grease, fat and
other inflammables blazed and sputtered.
The fire was discovered by the watch- |
man, I^ouls A. Smith. He claims to have !
! been standing at the west end of the
j building when he saw a sheet of fiamo .
; light the promises on the side near the i
1 marsh. He turned in an alarm and with :
other men who soon arrived on the scene
succeeded in liberating the horses from
adjacent stables. In an incredibly short ;
period of time the entire works was on (
; tire and the efforts of the men were turn- .
i ed to saving a stock of explosives which :
were stored in sheds a little distance- off.
The Fire Department was hampered by
the distance of hydrants, and before a
stream of water could be brought to play
on the fire, lines of hose had to be
Stretched over 1600 feet, and then the wa
ter had to be forced through an inter
mediate engine.
The buildings covered considerable area,
and those destroyed belonged to the fer
tilizing' department, engine room and fat
and oil departments. They were com
pletely razed to the ground, and the fire
men consumed several hours in ex
tinguishing the blaze, which had started
In immense iron vessels of fat and oil in
seme of the rooms.
The cause of the fire Is unknown. The
watchman states that he had been
j through the building about half an
! hour before he discovered the con
( flagration and that there was no
fire then. The workingmen leave th.>
| place at 5:30 in the afternoon and at that
' time all the fires are put out. When the
watchman went over the premises he car
ried a lantern. Several people who were
on the street cars saw the flames shoot
| out of the roof, and Bay that it was but
I an instant until the agent of destruction
was Leaping from every part of the struc
tures.
The plant employs about twenty-two ;
men and manufactures bone-black for the ■
sugar refineries, besides large quantities :
of fertilizing material which la shipped to
the interior of the State. The proprietors !
are N. & J. C. Ohlandt. J. A. «fc C. H. j
< Buck. The loss will be heavy and has been |
placed at about $50,000. A large stock of
material was on hand and it all became
food for the flames. The loss is only par
tially covered by insurance.
\VHii<r me !ii<r atuLa In r»»ero<"> r-<'\-er;il
explosions of nitre occurred in a building
j adjoining the engine room.
The firemen worked hard and saved the '
structure and there was no serious acci
dent.
Hundreds of people in the Potrero gath- i
ered to watch the fire, which was spec
tacular owing to the large* amount of in
flammables which could not readily be
extinguished.
Many of the men employed at the works
have homes in the vicinity and will be
thrown out of employment until the
place can be rebuilt, which will be soon.
CASUAL DETACHMENT
WILL GO INTO CAMP
COLONEL RAY WILL COMMAND
DEPARTMENT OE ALASKA.
Bver Blnce tho War Department desig
nated the Presidio as the place of rendez
vous for the casuals to be assigned the
various regiments, these "orphans," as
they are called, have been coming to San
Francico from all over tho country. Many
of them have already been assigned to
regiments and sent to tho Philippines, but
even at present there are over 2000 of them
at the Presidio and they arc still coming.
It has been found necessary to put them
Into camp and officers have been appoint
ed to select a site. This camp, with that
which is to be erected for the returning
volunteers, will make, the Presidio look
very much as it did last year. When the
two camps are completed there will be ac
commodations for 7000 men.
Colonel S. H. Hay, who is to commanad
the Department of Alaska, will sail for
the north with his troops about the last
of this month. lie will have his head
quarters at Fort Egbert, about ninety
miles from Dawson. The troops to go are
two companies of the Seventh Infantry
and some others yet to be selected. Their
chief duty will be to preserve law and or
der. Colonel Kay was in consultation
with General Shatter yesterday.
There is hardly any doubt that the
auartennaaier's department will again
charter the city of Puebla. First, It will
be necessary to do a lot of plumbing on
the vessel to put her In order.
Telegraph Hill Vendetta.
The vendetta on Telegraph Hill between
the Crofton and Badaracco families bids
fair to be ended through the intervention
ot Judge Tn-adwell. Yesterday morning
Benjamin Badaracco, accompanied by his
son, Paul, called upon the Judge and
was noticeable improvement in all other
respects. A brief continuation of the rem-
edy brought about a radical cure.
The free trial treatment has saved a
great many who otherwise were doomed
to early destruction, and it was this ob-
ject which induced the Institute to make
tho offer. In all cases where the sores
have become characteristic of the disease
the sufferer fully realizes the name and
nature of his or her affliction, but a great
many who have inherited the disease or
who have recently contracted it should
ask the institute for their 44-page book
describing fully the disease and also ex-
plaining the action of their new remedy
SilUide. Send your name and address to
the State Medical Institute, 148 Bass
block. Fort Wayne, Ind., and they will
forward, prepaid, a free trial treatment
that will bring to the sufferer such won-
derful relief, such an ecstatic feeling of
Joy for the improvement shown as to ful-
ly compensate for the suffering and de-
spair that previous failure has caused.
Write to-day without fail.
wanted warrants for the arrest of Tommy
and Jimmy Crofton. The Judge pacified
him, and instructed Bert Wren, his war
rant clerk, to write a letter to Mrs. Crof
ton to appear before him this morning,
when he will make an effort to stop the
vendetta. Badaracco will also be present.
HEALTH OFFICERS
ENGAGE IN FISTICUFFS
INSPECTORS DOCKERY AND
FLANNIGAN COLLIDE.
Assistant Meat Inspector J. J. Flanni
gan and Milk Inspector James P. Dockery
engaged In fisticuffs at the corner of
-i.~<Z±jr<= jydGgjzgs: z^&&^ 2? - v—^ - -^— w -
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; tablo an- ;
Furpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS ;
Finest Swimming Tank, Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with .
complete Livery Stable, Gentle Saddle Horse*
and Ponies.
OVER 30 KINDS OF MINERAL SPRINGS. >
Physician in attendance; superb climate:
beautiful mountain scenery: trout, deer ana
•mail game plentiful: magnificent drives;
baths in variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
Reached by the shortest stage route Into La««
County. Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland $8; via Callstoga. $9.
Hotel and cottage rates. »10 to $14 per wej*.
Take S. F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland. or
B. P. R. R. to Callstona. For Illustrated pam-
phlet or further Information address J. CRAi<*.
Highland Springs. Lake County. CaL. or tea
L D CRAIG 118 Montgomery ft.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale a
Oaklnnd Pioneer Bod* Water Co.. Thirteenth
and Webster eta., Oakland. „„
AHRENS. PEIN & BULL WIN Kt.U
£20 Post St.. San Francisco.
The Vendome
A Country Home
Surrounded by a i2-acr; park it re-
sembles a country mansion — and
only two blocks from the railroad
station, wnere --twenty-five daily
trains connect it with the outside
world. Over .250 rooms- Suites ;
magnificently furnished, with toilet (
and bath. Tourists headquarters
for all interesting points in Santa
Clara County.
GEO. P. SNELL. Sign, San Jose, Cal.
SKftGGS'HOTSPRINGS
Sonoma County: only 4Vt hours from San
Francisco and but 8 miles" staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain scenery; good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mill and express: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
(6 M. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or J:»
p m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a week. Ref-
erence., any guest of the past four years.
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
prVcedented. J. F. MULORKW. Proprietor.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent
table Clean beds and careful attention to
patrons. Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest The Ideal spot for families because It Is
clean, no poison oak, no rests. And pure air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS Virginia City, before .Tune 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
VICHY SPRIHBST
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
bath tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing and hunting.
Crystal Springs. Accommodations and tabis
first-class. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW.
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS
VALLEY ; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Ross Valley, Marin County, Cal.
mENDENHAUL SPRINGS.
Under new management; 2000 feet above sea:
stage connects with train at Llvermore at 2:15
p m.; fare from San Francisco, $2 25: rates,
$7 50 to $12 50 per week: half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Llvermore, Cal.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO.
Favorite resort of the State; th« water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed' fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
From Callstoga direct to springs; round trip at
Southern Pacific offices. $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
THER. Adam Spring.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
i HOTEL- BENVENUE
And cottages Lakeport. Cal.— Large grounds;
new dancing pavilion. Sox4o: fronts lake 200 ft.:
fine bowling alley and shuffleboard: swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's Play-
ground: good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES. Proprietors. I
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck. Slsklyou County, Cal.)
Finest fishing and health resort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
BON BROS., Proprietors. ■
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior accommodations and lowest rates
via the "Valley Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Traffics Dept..
821 Market St.. San Francisco.
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R.. the place to go for sum-
mer: board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address 11. vi. . MAR-
TIN. Camp Taylor. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH. ,
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
§7. E. M. SHELFOKD, Cloverdale, Cal.
Free carriage. - J
O'Farrell and Grant avenue yesterday
afternoon, and both were compelled to re
tire lor repairs. The engagement was
short and decisive. Both representatives
of the Health Department were in earn
est and blood flowed freely.
The trouble had its origin, it is said,
in IFlannigan being brought before the
Board of Health on a charge of having
bitten the thumb of a watchman employed
at the Potrero. As these charges were
brought by Meat Inspector Davis, an in
timate friend of Dockery's, Flannipan.
was under the Impression that the Milk
Inspector had taken a part in the effort
to bring about his undoing.
Flannigan and Colonel Brady were in
conversation on the corner when Dock' ry
called him aside. Both moved out to the
curb, and Dockerv caught Flannigan by
the coat with both hands and tried to
persuade him to aecompnny him up the
street and prove a statement that was
S Nearly every one in \>
< San Francisco has j!
r" catarrh — so common !|
s that people don't care; \
they grew up with it. i|
It is better to be with- /
out it, though. /
Catarrhal i;
Affections :
1
disappear at Paso i|
Robles Hot Springs. ]j
The air, the climate, \
and the water are a /
catarrh cure. Ca- \
tarrh disappears — no ( '
one knows where. \
Otto E. Never, Prop, City Office, l|
Paso Robles, Cal 636 Market st. i :
nani Ift fS HOT BPMNGS - - Thu
ffl « Fa I V|l beautiful summer and
aHJirSlalll winter retort. now
I IB 1 111 IV V owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT. who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
cf his guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
160 miles south of San Francisco. in the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate is soft and balmy and free from
fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds;
«»mfw««bi« hot»»( inner and ccttjures: rood
hunting ana fishing; grand scenery; lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others
remaining more than one month Trains dally
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a. m.
(Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
ptape to Paralso.) Round trip. IS. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
ralßO Springs, or city office, 336 Butter St.. S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paralso Springs), Prop, and Manager.
. The h itel and cottages have been thoroughly
renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and — competent at-
tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
be.-ntlfled. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts.. S. F.. at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gllroy for
the Springs.
For illustrated pamphlets and special rates
by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Qllroy Hot Springs. Cal.
In Take S.P.R.R. train?
r€^/r»d"mn 9 A.m., 5 p.m. Only 3
BJrl Ull hours' ride. Carriage
' meet every train. No
■J 1. staging. Now hotel.
i|f|T first - class throughout.
-m«.yt Hot mlnPm i springs
_ # cure rheumatism. Add.
 Springs A. BETTENS, Mf?r.
■ c 7 Byron Hat Springs, Cal.
HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS Cli I OS.
Just opened: new building; handsome furni-
ture- 50 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience; electric bells anil lighting; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly first-class family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine and service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room.
LYMAN H. TOLFRF.E. Proprietor.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs. Soda, Sulphur, Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class: table good;
$9 to $12 a week. Round trip. *3 75. Stage
meets morning trains nnd, Sat. eve. FRESH &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912;Larkln st.
ROWARDENNAN,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS, ON SAN LOR-
enzo River. 3Vj hours from S. F. : 40 min-
utes from Santa Cruz: grounds and river lit
by electricity; tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
Ing, fishing and golf links; elegant hall- and
dining room; club, billiard and smoking rooms;
new hard-finished and elegantly furnished: tel-
ephone. Round trip, $3. Address W. E. VEA-
ZIE, Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations la Hotel; also In new cottages. just
completed.
MRS. Jf\. T. MoORE,
BELVKDERS.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES: SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture In a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM, St. Helena. Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM?
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS; • FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing; artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets, J2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Panitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen.
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
6-room cottages; good boating, ttshlng and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water for all diseases in America; camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C. O'Donnell, 1C21V4 Market st., bet. Sixth
and Seventh, San Francisco.
SAMUEL* SODA SPRINGS.
■J. R. Morris, Prop v Napa County, Cal. B»ir*
cure for dyspepsia, Indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. Thea*
springs are located In Napa -County, 20 miles
east of St. Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural (v.
Bta<a leave. 6t. Helena, -
going the rounds. Flannlgan declined to
10. and demanded that Dockery release
his hold. The Milk Inspector did not heed
him, and warm words followed. Planni
san suddenly landed heavily on Dockery's
face, and the ring he wore cut a
from the eye to the check bone. D
..rv responded in kind, and before friends
cculil separate them tne combatants wi re
busily engaged in pummelini; .
on the sidewalk. They were parted an.]
Dockery retired to the barbershop for re
pairs, while his opponent moved up the
Sl ft is probable that Flannigan will again
bo brought before the Board of Health
as to began hostilities by striking the
Milk Inspector.
Colonel Young Acquitted
The charge of assault with a deadly
weapon against Colonel Young of the Kusa
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND,
3H Hours' Ride From Los Angola. Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for information about Catalina's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna : Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Rand.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring St..
Los Angeles. Cal.. or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent, 621 Market St., San Francisco.
GO TO
Hotel del
1 .■■■■■■
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
■
Best golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
".ETNA SPRINGS.
GUESTS COMPLIMENT US on our TABLE.
Service Is Prompt, Elegant and Abundant.
Telephone connection. Rates, $10 to $14 per
week; S. P. to St. Helena at 7 a. m. or 4
p. m. ; private rig to Springs. Round trip, $7.
W. L. MITCHELL, Manager, Aetna Springs,
Napa County. City office, J. H. SIMPSON,
room 4, Odd Fellows' building, S. F.
— — i»O— — I I II I
ONLY ONE VACATION
1 a year. Enjoy every minute of it !
You can not help but do so at SARA-
TOGA SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY
— the queen of Summer Resorts.
' Rates: I*B, $14 per week.
J. MARTENS, Proprietor.
City Office— 4lS Pine st.
I Th« Place for An/ITT A T> TV n the FOOT-
j RESTandORtHARDHi^oft.,
HEALTH SPRINGS JESS.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air, Fruit and All the Tear
Around Climate In California.
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad,
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZk CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
• Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
-1 dress J. R. PEAKES, Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The. Dest In the World.
HOTEL, CdTTAGEB and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
i round. Sulphur. Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. "WONDERFUL CURES
of Rheumatism, Catarrh, Dyspepsia, Paraly-
fri*. Skin Diseases, and Kidney. Liver and
Stomach troubles. Long distance phone
! Terms, }10 to JlB per week. Daily stage from
CalUtoga. t . .. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
n - R P R C - TOCALOMA. M *«. lN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
; dations; reasonable rates; fishing; beautiful
> drives to Bear Valley etc. JOSEPH F BER-
; TRAND. or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
i first floor, 58 Third St.. San Francisco.
BROOK.SIDE.
The beautiful new resort at the head of
Nnpa Valley Is now open. First-class ac-
commodations, hot and cold water, gas,, baths,
mineral springs. For health, scenery, climate
and beautiful drives It Is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH. Prop., Cal-
lstoga. Cal.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
I home. Every modern convenience." In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
i Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
magnesia springs; baths: furnished cottages.
Terms. $10 to $12. Buy through tickets. Send
for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QU*ET.
homelike manner. ' 'th one of the best
1 tables in the county. $10 to ?12 per week. Round
i trip $9 60. 8. F. and N. P. to Uklah: thence by
■Use* Address J. WIL-ON. Bertha, Lak*
County, Cal. '
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS.
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F., via Tib- %
uron ferry Warm mineral swimming and tub
baths. Water, gas, electric bells. Rates $10 to
i $12 per week. $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
! ente Spring?. Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
U/DITE W H MILLER. Ukiah Stables, for
n Kll C economical and best way and ac-
commodations to Springs In Lake and Mendo-
clno counties. Stage for Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell. Saratoga Springs, Witter Springs and
Upper Lake. -
House, preferred by Fred Craig. »
teamster for the City Transfer Company,
was dismissed by Judge Graham yester
day. The Judge held that from the e\i
denoe there was no intention on tne pa",
of the defendant to hurt any one. ana
Craig agreed to the case being dismis sea
on the defendant's assurance thai n»i
could get into the yard . at any time to
take away a load of wood. , •
■ m ■
Broke Into His Aunt's House.
xars. K. de Motto. io:i2 McAllister street,
swore to a complaint In Judge Tread
weH'a court, yesterday cliarging her
nephew, A. C. d<- Motte, with burglary,
said that with the aid of a lock
smith her nephew broke into her home
i. while she was absent, and
a 101 of jewelry. He informed the
locksmith that the key of the door had
b< en lost.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guernevllle branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Paciflo
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles, along
Sonoma Creek, beautfTully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guernevllla j
! branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted '
jby Mark West Creek, which Is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
i for two miles, and good fishing. Man la
, charge. Row boats at reasonable rental.
Guernevllle, In the midst of the redwood
i country, and on the Russian River, Is
I practically the terminus of the Guerne-
> villa branch. The people of. the town and
vicinity, under the name of the Business
Men's Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
I section. The Russian River will )e
i dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
I water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
Guerneville. representing the association,
will meet all trains, and without charge
will show prospective campers the various
locations.
To and from nil these points double
dally train service.
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants nf the adjoining towns.
Ticßets for camping parties are to be
procured at Ticket Office, 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
Office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle building,
or at General Office. Mutual Life building,
Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
Thlf delightful watering place la located in
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral spring's, hot and cola
j plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water. One "stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10.
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor. \
FOR SALE!
A lovely home on Howell Mountain; about 115
acres; 8 acres hay land; 7 acres full-bearing 1
vineyard; pood spring: also well supplied by a
spring; house, barn and outer buildings: "l"0
yards from county road. Apply to MRS. H. T.
WAGELAND, St. Helena. Napa County. Cal.
QOG/* HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THF3
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms;
pure mountain air; free ho:.tine on lake;
prices reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special
rates for families. W. J. McDONALD, Man-
ager.
rini CD AH— Most beautiful spot In Laka
WAIILJD.4U County. The mineral springs an
famous for marvelous cures when all elsa
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney an!
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
110 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing an 4
deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage tin*.
Good trout flshlne. plenty fruit, cream an
milk; free conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINOER. Seaview, Sonoma County, op
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day $50 for 12 days from S. F. : eight
days in valley Information at the Traveler
Office 20 Montgomery st. Tickets at tha
Valley Road Office. 321 Market Ft. .<
JOHfINNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACH
in the midst of the Napa Redwoods. Moune
Veeaer 8100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
ming hunting fishing. Terms. $6 to $10 per >
week Send for circulars. JOHANNISBEKd Jk
RESORT. Oakvllle. Napa County. Cal. •
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate scenery, entertainment: non* bettec
,„ L.k. to.; ■»• "loon 'V^AMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30* A. M. AND 1
d m • stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural hot mineral baths. Good country
I board. Rates $6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Calisto^a. Cal.
VTi~kd^ll/ll*T T San Francisco to Chi-
I UOLIYII I L+m nese by railway.
Thence by Lumsden & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Slngla
fare, In either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
INGS, Agent. 19 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch. 5 milea
from Santa Cruz; delightful summer home In,
the redwoods; running water; abundance of
' fruit: good table; terms. $3 per week; children
1 under 10, $3. Address W. CitANDELL, Santa
Cruz. Cal. .
OAK GROVE cottage Saratoga; newly fur-
nished: good table; Congress Springs water;
team for drives. Address box 6. Saratoga,
ANY one looking for nice, quiet, comfortable
farm home to spend vacation address F.
QUIEN, Glen Ellen. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
■ i
MANZANITA Station, near Mill Valley— or m
rooms, with board; good accommodations a^
Manzanita Villa.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pazes. sent to any address In th«
United States or Canada one year for U.
postage paid.ASTOUNDS HIS
BRETHREN WITH
HIS SENTIMENTS
Rev. Dr. Coyle Creates
a Sensation.
TELLS WHY PEWS ARE EMPTY
CRITICIZES YOUNG MINISTERS
WHO DINE OUT.
He Declares That Nobody Embroid
ered Slippers for Simon Peter or
Presented Paul With a
Dressing-Go wn.
Rev. John Coyle. D. D., of Berkeley
created a mild sensation yesterday morn
ing at the weekly meeting of the Method
ist Episcopal Ministers by reading a pa
per on "The Pulpit and the Empty Pew,"
which contained matter of a highly inter
esting, if not sensational character, lie
said:
There are a great many empty pews in
churches of every denomination. he dives,
beer halls. dan« halls, theater? and bil
liard rooms do not lack for Sunday con
gregations. There are no empty pews in these
places. Never was the standard of preaching
a? hich as it is to-day Never was there a
better-trained, more hlehly cultured class i>f
men occupying the puloit. What Is the cause
of these empty pews, then? What Is it .
In not a few instances the Inability of a
church to cope with the stupendous Industrial
and social evils of these modern <lnys stands
confessed. The great - ethtng mass of men
no longer inquire what the church s opinion
1« upon any of the great and vital questions or
the day, that is. the laboring 'population-the
m w who (Iron the ballots, an.l who make ii: '" 1
unmake laws leaders and political parties, in
prr>of of this assertion our large city churches
are pointed to and the question is tusked,
where are the working men? The greater part
of the male element Is made up of the profes-
Flonal the well-to-do and employing classes.
One is constantly hearing of the richest, the
most aristocratic, the most fashionable churches
of the city. But underneath their arched and
fretted roofs one does not tl: " ! at Sunday wor
ship the my-handed sons of toil. Their ab
sence is not due to perversity of heart, but to
the fact that Door men and women will not
go -where competition in style of dress is
greater than they can meet. You have noticed,
brethren, this condition does not obtain in
Catholic churches.
The preaching of the gospel has become too
mufh a matter of business for what there is
in it and many able preachers only feel called
to h higher salary.
One of the first requisites to do vigorous work
is vigorous health. No athlete of the Roman
arena ever needed better bone or blood, nerve
and sinew than the man who enters the Chris
tian ministry to-day. The day Is passed when
dyspepsia and heavenly mindedness were
synonymous terms. One reason why the
Apostles preached such powerful sermons was
they had plain, wholesome food. These early
ministers were ever invited out to late sup
pers with chicken lad, doughnuts and ice
cream. Nobody embroidered slippers for the big
foot of Simon Peter or presented Paul with a
\ elvet dressing-gown and a gold-headed cane.
These men had vigorous brains because they
hart healthy blood.
On» of the sad thoughts in connection with
the Christian ministry to-day is that the ranks
are filled with young men who are the sor.s of
poverty, whose training is carried forward
nmil the mnst unfavorable surroundings for
vigorous health. The theological student llvea
at a cheap boarding house, whose bill of fare
is eternally it war with a healthy stomach.
And. after three years of such depletion that
r<~rnes from light feeding and heavy work, he
steps gasping into the pulpit, so heavenly pale
that the mothers of Israel are afraid ihat he
*vj!l evaporate before he goes through his' fir:
.'•'-rmon.
Po you suppose that if Paul had passed
through that kind of theological training lie
would have made Felix tremble? One glance |
of th*> old Roman's eye would have made Paul
apologize for his intrusion. To reach the high- '
est success he must have the gift of common
Fense. For lack of this how many men of
splendid gifts and acquirements have mail" a
Miserable failure. I believe there is a solution
and believe the pulpit must solve It
Ocean Water Tub Bath*.
101 Seventh Etreet. corner Mission. Salt
iiater direct frcm orean.
Determined to Die
harles Moiier. who has a carriae*
NOVELTIES arp the moving genius of the age. and Tim MrOrath. trainer of pugilists, has hit upon thp latest
and moFt unique materialization of that spirit. He I? now manapnj? ani training a hraoe of red-topped fighters
who arc as d<>af as the man who lacked a money ear. Out at the pavilion along the ocean beach Tim is bavins
bushels of fun with his pugilistic subjects. Wherever you look n shining, refulgent red-top strikes the eye with
dassltng effect and men are plying their fingers in the secret sipns of the dumb language.
MeGrath has three fighter? on his hands at present, all training for the National Club bouts on the l<Uh.
"Dummy" Mike Rowan, who will mingle things with Joe Rea of the Olympic Club; "Red Stack" Franey, who will
meet Charley Ooff. and .Joe Kennedy, who will cross mlts with Oui Ruhlln, are training at the pavilion, and their
daily work furnishes much amusement and laughter fur the crowd of sports who congregate 1n the long hall where
the punching bags tn-;it their incessant tattoo. Rowan has both red hair of the violent shade and ears that have
stopped working; Franey hears well enough, but his birsutic capping is blinding to his brothers in training. Every
other man about the place carries an aureole or an aural defect about his person, and enough pen and pencil talking
goes on to fill books. Mike Rowan of the bad ears is attended by a group of red-haired deaf men. His brother,
who is training with him. possesses the same physical characteristics as the fighter himself; Dan O'Brien, a friend,
Is also deaf, with a head piecp of blazing red; Rollin Wells, another follower of the pugilistic destinies of Rowan,
the principal, is a point or two ahead of the game, for his top-piece is of the^lark order, but his ears are like those of
his friends.
McGrath acts as interpreter to this show of freak fighters. Dressed in a Princeton sweater, the gift of Garret
Corhran. and turned-up trousers. Tim works the pad and pencil game all day long."
"Well, what do you think of my brick-top stables?" la his greeting to the visitor. "Ray. if I have this stack
of red chips much longer I'll open a poker game before I get through. An'i the other boys with bad ears are a
noipy lot, only they don't hurt your wicks. I'm going to open a card-writing establishment on Market street. In the
last two weeks I have become an expert penman answering their rjuestions."
ICcGrath's freaks are having a happy time. The d< r" portion of the show receive un-hearing visitors and then
the finger talk be,glns until the trade winds are blown back across the Pacific. Rowan was discovered in Los
Angeles by McGrath and Franey was brought down from Seattle. Franey is the man who -stood up against McCoy
for four rounds, and afterward received a. strong mead of praise from the Kid. Hig Joe Kennedy is working hard and
is ranidlv coming into shape for his fight with Ruhlin.
trimming shop at 1112 Mission street and
who came into notoriety through the ac
quisition of bogus papers in the Fair will
case, attempted on Sunday morning to
kill himself by using carbolic acid and
also a revolver in a room in the Grand
Southern Hotel, which he hired for the
purpose. He did not take enough of the
poison and the bullet fired from the re
volver struck him over the left eye and
glanced off, only causing a superficial
wound. He was taken to his home over
fill Jessie street, where he is improving.
Domestic troubles are said to be at the
bottom of his desire to end his life.
MRS. NEALON'S DEATH.
Succumbs From Nervous Complica-
tions After a Protracted
Illness.
Mrs. Minnie Nealon, wife of rx-Assessor
James C. Nealon. died at her home. 92S
Haight street. late yesterday after
noon. The deceased had been suffering
for a long time from nervous complica
tions, but her family was hopeful that
', she would ultimately recover. In March
last, however, her symptoms grew worse,
and on the recommendation of her physi
cians she underwent a severe operation.
Mrs. Nealon remained at the hospital for
a month and then returned to her home.
The operation gave promise of a favora
ble termination of the trouble, and she
grew steadily bettor until within the last
ten days, when alarming symptoms de
veloped, and she gradually sank to her
last rest.
Mrs. Nealon was a woman of many no
ble traits of character. She had a' host
of friends and was active and influential
in th.- parish of the Sacred Heart, in the
affairs of which she took an absorbing
interest. Three children- Marie G., Mar
garet E. and James Joseph Nealon— and
her husband survive her. She was horn
in New York and came to California when
quite a girl. The funeral will take place
to-morrow.
TWO CASES OF SMALLPOX.
Nurses Contract the Disease and Will
Be Removed to the Pesthouse.
Two rases of smallpox were reported to
the Board of Health yesterday. The suf
ferers are David Alderman and Oscar
Deckland, the nurses who were in charge
of Roy Winchester, the smallpox patient
who died at th< Mac Lean Hospital some
days ago. Since Winchester's death both
men have been isolated [ n the cottage in
which the death occurred, as it was
feared that they would contract the dis
ease by contagion.
The members of the Hoard of Health
and Supervisor Holland met last evening
and completed arrangements for the care
oi the patients at the Pesthouse. The
new building fust completed will be fitted
up as a hospital ward to-day and to-night
the patients will be removed there and
placed in the care of an immune nurse.
Every precaution known to scienci is
being taken to prevent possible contagion
and the members of the Board of Health
declare that the chances for the spread of
the disease ar< very small indeed.
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, belts.
purses. Best goods, best values, ai San
born & rail's. 741 Markei street.
NO TRACE OF THE MONEY.
Searchers Still Looking for the Box
of Sovereigns Lost From the
Alnmeda.
Not the slighi.-st clew has been found to
the disappearance of the box of sover
eigns from the specie tank of the m:>i!
steamer Alameda. yesterday the v. ssel
was mr.ved to the sugar refinery and
every ounce of rarr.i and all the coal in
the bunkers was taken out. In order to
make tin- search thorough, ten extra men
were «ppt up with the longshoremen and
the vessel was searched from stem to
stern.
The force of searchers put aboard the
vessel by the customs authorities went to
the refinery with her also and they will
assist the men sent up by the company.
When the Alameda returns to Pacific
street wharf fo-day it will he known posi
tively whether Mi- box is aboard or not
The company has made good the locs of
the money to the banks, so that if noth
ing turns up the ship alone will be the
loser.
L«i<li».- tailor-made roifsi fur capes, cloaks
Credit. M. Rnthsrhild. 334 Post st.
Friends of the Animals.
The annual report of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals for the
yar ending May 31 has just been issued
The synopsis shows the following work
for the twelve months:
Number or oas*>s reported. 2579: invostißatp.i
2?58; prosecuted. 135; convictions 12&; disabled
animals killed. IST; animal? takon from work
by reason of sickness, old af?e. soreness, etc.,
1788; animals removed by society's ambulance!
88; animals involved. 14.169; relieved, 11,330.
Freight transferred at low rates. Signal
Transfer Co., 530 Jonrs; tel. Slitter 441.
TIM McGRATH'S FREAK
SHOW OF FIGHTERS.
A Brace of Unique Pugilists Who Have Escutcti-;
eons of Emblazoned Red and Bad <
Hearing Apparatus. !
THE SAJN JtKA:S<JJXJ<J IALL, TUESDAI, JLJN ±J 6, 18UH.
TRANSPORTS TO
CARRY SOLDIERS
ARE IN DEMAND
Zealandia and City of
Puebla Wanted.
MORE DEAD SOLDIERS ARRIVE
REMAINS OF EIGHTEEN LANDED
FROM THE ZEALANDIA.
Ferry Steamer Sausalito Defeated by
the River Boat H. J. Corcoran.
Captain M. Tyson Ap
pointed a Pilot.
A large force is employed night and
day on the United States transport Sheri
dan making: her fit for sea. Though the
work is being done quickly, still the Gov
ernment cannot wait for its completion,
as there is an urgent demand for troops
by General Otis. In order to get the men
down to the Philippines the War Depart
ment has opened negotiations with the
Pacific Coast 'Steamship Company, the
Oceanic Steamship Company and the Pa
cific Steam Whaling .Company for the
Puebla, the Zealandia and the Valencia.
Neither of the companies is exactly In the
position to meet the offer of a recharter
The Puebla is wanted by the* Pacific Coast
Steamship Company for the Puget Sound
travel, as the company wants to use the
Queen on its annual summer excursion to
Alaska. The Oceanic Steamship Company
has use for the Zealandia on the Honolulu
run. as the Australia has to have its reg
ular yearly overhauling. • If the Govern
ment can secure these two boats it will
also take the Valencia, as the three
steamers can take all the men and ma
terial which would have gone on the.
Sheridan. Failing in getting the charter
of the Puebla and the Zealandia, the Gov
ernment will not take the Valencia, as she
is not large enough for use. As it now
stands, the Government is in a pretty
severe predicament, as there are no ves
sels which It can charter.
The rest of the transports are on their
way back to this port with the exception
of the Indiana, which, owing to her enor
mous carrying capacity, is being used be
■ Manila and Iloilo as a store ship.
'I'll.' Si. Paul is expected in port on June
1. ami the Pennsylvania and Charles Nel
son were entering Nagasaki as the Zea
landia left.
The dead bodies brought up on the Zea
landia from Manila were landed yester
day. The following is the list: J. H.
Lazalle, William P. Griffine. Arthur Job
bllns, James Healy, consigned to rela
tives in San Francisco, and two caskets,
"contents unknown." are consigned to
Mrs. Henry F. Dal ton, Angel Island, and
Dr. J. C. (tethers, San Francisco. 1,. .1.
Dietz'B and Albert Dennis' remains are
consigned to relatives in Oregon; Henry
Dlckson to relatives in Grand Forks, N.
D. ; John C. Adams to relatives in Big
Sandy, Mont.; Daniel McElliott, Great
Falls, Mont., and Cany A. Sayler Al
bright. Mont , Ray Horton to relatives in
Goshen, N. Y. Martin Mortenson to rela
tives in Marendahl. S. D. ; Harry R.
Snethen to relatives in Frankford," Pa.;
■ Walter McLean to relatives in Bay City,
Mich.; Farley E. Hasard to relatives in
Lake City. Utah, and Edward Mancher to
relatives in Hawarden. lowa.
The Pacific Coast Stt.am«hip Company's
vessel Queen left for Puget Sound vester
oay. Her sailing was delayed till noon
owing to the large number of passengers
bound for the north. Among the crowd
was a fair sprinkling for the new gold
fields near Cape Nome. A large quantity
of fruit was also taken up by the Queen
for the northern clti?s. ;
The battleship low.i came down from
her anchorage off the Union Iron Works
yesterday and steamed a little way down
the bay. The great warship then turned
and anchored off Folsom-street wharf.
The crew expressed great pleasure at
leaving their old anchorage, as they say
that the smells which float over from the
WINNING A STERN CHASE.
AFTER defeating the San Rafael last Friday, the river steamer H. J. Corcoran tackled the Sausalito Sun
day morning. They got away together, but the Corcoran had to get out of the way of the tug Fearless
and that gave the Sausalito a start of six lengths. Before Alcatraz was reached the Corcoran had
overcome the Sausalito's lead and was a length ahead, much to the disgust of the ferry boat's crew.
city axe enough to asphyxiate wild am- i
male, much less warsrnen. The lowa will
leave for Port Orchard tn-morrnw.
The revenue cutter McCulloch came
down from Mare Island last Sunday. It
Is thought she will leave for the north
to-morrow.
captain Emery of the Merchants' Ex
change received yesterday a slip from the
payroll of the Northern Steamship Com
pany, on which was the name of M. T.
Patteison, the first officer of the wreck-d
Pelican. A conparison of the signature
on the payroll and that on the bottle
letter, Bent here by the captain of the
s< hooner Hermann, which was picked up
on the shores of Portage Hay, telling oi
the loss of the Pelican, shows that they
are one and the same.
The schooner Helen X. Kimball ar
rived yesterday from Kahului. The Kim
ball took twenty-two days in making the i
trip.
George Ross has built for C. D. Lane i
a stout and speedy steamer, which will
be employed in carrying the mail be
tween Cape St. Michael and Golovin Bay. j
It is named the "Gosling. 11 She has only
h draught of fourteen inches, and Is said
to have a speed of fourteen knots. The
Gosling is extremely stoutly built and j
will be able to carry an enormous cargo,
but she is not intended for that, but sim
ply for speed. She is fifty feet long and
thirteen reet beam, and cost in the neigh- j
borhood of $10,000.
The schooner Lily L, which left for
Bristol Hay Saturday, sprang a leak yes
terday when outside the heads and had ■
to put back. Captain Hansen is the com
mander.
The British ship London Hill arrived
to-day from Antwerp in the long pas- !
sage "of 150 days. The Tendon Hill met
with a series of disasters. She was fully
a month in getting out of the British
channel, having met a succession of gales.
which carried away her sails. In latitude
:<l.:i she encountered another series of j
heavy gales, when she was on her beam
ends, her cargo shifted and the seas were
so rough that they swept her decks,
carrying every movable thing overboard, j
(>il i-ad to be thrown on the waters to
calm the turbulence of the waves.
The H. J. Corcoran, running to Stock- ,
t^n. and the ferry boat Sausallto had an
impromptu race last Sunday morning.
The Sausalito left her slip at S a. m. and
the Corcoran under the command of Cap
tain H. potvin pulled out at the same
time. Captain Potvin leisurely straight- ;
ened out his vessel, intending to give the
Sausalito ;i brush to Alcatraz. Just when
the stern-wbeeler had got well under way
the tug Fearless under the command of
Harry Marshall backed out from Pacific
street wharf. Captain Potvin gave the
Fearless kwo blast?, wanting to take the
Inside course; Captain Marshall replied
with two blasts and then another, which
made Potvin swear, as he then had to go
around the stern of the Fearless. When ;
he was again straightened out the Saus
alito was six lengths ahead. Then Cap
tain Potvin lingled his bell and the en
gines set full speed ahead. The Corcoran j
crawled up inch by inch, and when Al
catraz was reached the Corcoran was
half a length ahead. As the Corcoran
turned from her course and went up river \
she commenced tooting her whistles and
kept it up till the Sausalito was out of
sight.
The officers of the H. J. Corcora i arc a
very able and courteous set of gentlemen
and are very proud of their boat. They
are; Captain A. Potvin. Pilot X. S. Mar
tin. Chief Officer H. Rave, Pur.-r T. Mc-
Mann. and Chief Steward A. \V. L>enni?cn.
The British ship Hyderabad is nosy oui
102 days from Newcastle. Australia, and B
per cent reinsurance is being paid on h°r.
She is a slow vessel and as her bottom is
very foul that probably accounts for the
long voyage.
The Pilot Commissioners appointed Cap
tain M. Tyson a pilot yesterday to fill '.lie;
vacancy caused by the death of Captain
"Dan" Haskell. There were quite a i.um
ber of applicants for the position and as
Captain Tyson is quite a young man the
older masters think they have been Blight
ed. Captain Tyson has been all his life at
sen. however, and has had considerable
experience In both steam and sail, so lie
should make an able pilot.
Captain Tyson started in life as n clerk
with Pope & Talbot. hut was taken very
sick and for months his life was despaired
of. When he was able to be about again
! he was sent to sea for a pleasure Inn. but
i took such a liking to the life that he
i adopted it a.s his profession. At different
times he has been master of nearly all
| Captain Charles Nelson's vessels, and dur
ing the last year or so has been port cap
' tajn of his fleet. His last commanad was
' the bark Haydn Brown and before that he
was master on the steamer Charles Nel
son, now on her way home from Manila.
FIVE BOXING BOUTS.
Programme of the San Francisco
Athletic Club Entertainment.
The San Francisco Athletic flub will
to-morrow nipht present a fistic pro
gramme whic-h contains five events, some
Of which should prove hot contests.
The first bout is for ton rounds be
tween "Billy"' Meyers and "Staarkey"
Smith. The second event will bring to
gether William Granfield of the San
Francisco Athletic Club and William
Woods, a pupil of Walter Watson, in an
eight-round go at 14. r . pounds. This will
be followed by a match in which Charles
Vickera of the San Francisco Athletic
Club will vie for fistic honors with Pon
dergast of the. Ocean View Athletic
Club. This will also be an eight-round
battle.
The last two events will be six-round
engagements. Charles Condon of the San
Francisco Club and Rarry of the Olympic
Club will battle before the club at 146
pounds. The final number on the pro
gramme will bring out the "Black Eagle."
Deacon Jones< and James Crawford, 120
pounds to be the weight limit.
■ ♦ ■
Association Excursion.
The thirteenth annual excursion and out-
I ing under the auspices of the Young
Men's Christian Association to Hotel del
i Monte, Monterey and Pacific Grove will
1 take place next week, Thursday, the 15th
of June. Tickets will be sold at greatly
reduced rates and are good for five days.
There will be a grand celebration at ;ho
Grove on Bunker Hill day, a parade in
the morning, games and outdoor sports in
the afternoon; a patriotic service in the
evening at Chautauqua Assembly Hall.
There will be ample accommodations for
all desiring them, as the excursion will be
positively limited to five hundred; only
] this number of tickets will be sold. "h'.l
--j dren under twelve years of age half price.
i The committee Is planning to make this
one of the most enjoyable excursions
! which has yet taken place under the
I auspices of : the association: Tickets for
the excursion will be sold only at the As
sociation office. . .... •
. ♦ ■
Yesterday's Insolvent.
C. H. Beerß, watchman,. Oakland, $317 75;
1 no assets.
DEMANDED A FEE FOR
COPY OF A VERDICT
COMPLAINT MADE AGAINST
CORONER'S STENOGRAPHER.
Dr. Hill Says It Is the Custom of the
Office to Charge for Copies of
Inquest Proceedings.
Complaint has been made to Coroner
Hill that the stenographer in his office
demanded a fee of $io for two certified j
copies of the verdict in the inquest held j
on the body of Kdward Carrigan, the
painter who recently met his death by
falling from a scaffolding. The sten- |
ographer. David Wolf, does not deny that
a charge for labor performed was re
quested, but claims that he was only act
ing according to custom in the matter and
In this he is corroborated by Coroner T l i 1 1
himself, who. however, acknowledges that
there is no law compelling the payment of
the fee. The customary charge for a copy
of a verdict 1s $1.
According to Miss Carrigan. a sister of
the deceased, her brother was a member
of Golden Gate Council. Chosen Friends.
When the time came for making proof of
death she was told by the secretary of
the council, M. Boehm, to go to the Cor
oner"s office anil secure a certified copy of
the verdict rendered in the case "ghe
went there last Thursday and Sten
ographer Wolf drew it up and when it. '
was handed to her he told her the fee was
$10. She said she did not have the money !
with her. but would bring it the next day
Wolf said he would trust her. The next
day she went with Boehm to the Coron
ers office to have an alteration made in
the certificate as to the age of the de
ceased, and when that was done Wolf
made a demand for the $1(1. and Boehm
Told Miss Cnrrigan not to pay that
amount, as it was outrageous. The man
-!• ihi- r.fti<.« domnnficil file return of the
certificate and threatened to take it from
Boehm. who told him that if he attempt
ed to do it somebody would have to hold
an inquest on one of the two men in the
room, and the man In the office allowed
the two to pass out.
When Wolf was seen regarding the mat
ter he told a somewhat different story, in
which he was corroborated by fiepiitv
Mogan.
"It has been the custom o( the office."
said Wolf, "for years to charge for copies
of verdicts or transcripts of testimony,
ranging from $1 to $5. or more according
to the work done. Miss Carrigan came
in Thursday and requested two copies of
the proceedings in her brother's case.
Thinking that she wanted all the testi
mony for the purpose of getting the in
surance on his life. I told her that the
charge would be $10 for the two copies.
Next day she came In with this man
Boehm. who had told her that the two
copies of the verdict was all that was
necessary. I handed them to her and
said:
■■ "Well, who is going to pay for this?*
"She replied that the taxpayers paid us
for it and that she would not. In this
connection I would say that I was put to
considerable trouble changing the records
of the office as to Carrigan's age. which
®4®4® 4 ®4® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4®4® 4®4®4® 4 ®4 ®4® 4 ®4® 4 ®4®4® 4®4®4® ■
4 _*■ %
1 Are You the Man You Should Be? 1
® ®
4- . • • 4-
I When Other Men Are Being Restored to |
I Health, Why Not You? 1
® ■ Men, be strong, be manly; stir up the fire of youthful, energy in ®
4- veins; awaken that dormant vigor which is ' tied up in : your nerves. 4-
® Don't brood over the mistakes you. have made in the past, but correct (i)
I 4 them now, while nature offers you a chance to do so. When you feel 4
® gloomy and lose confidence in yourself it is because your vital force is ®
; weak; when you are nervous, sleepless and forgetful, it is because the X
I x energy has been,/ drained from the nerve cells, and when your back is :r
I <•). weak and you easily get tired, it is because the loss of this vital ®
' 4 strength has allowed your nerves and muscles to relax. All this can be 4-
I ® corrected by putting the vital power back into the nerves, and you ®
T know this can be done by * 4
I DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. !
I ® z
j 4- You must know it because every day some man who has been made V
4- happy tells you so. Ask your neighbor in the car; ask your fellow-work- X
® man; they know of its virtues and many of them bless the day it came
t to them. So will you if you try it. , 4
| CURED OF WEAKNESS. I
X "I have delayed answering your letter so that I could more fully test the 4
2: power of your Belt. I have now worn your Dr. Mclaughlin Electric Belt for ®
"*" almost three months and I am glad to announce that it has cured me of 4
® weakness. You may use this letter as you see fit," writes . ®
4- CHAS. G. lOPPINI. Metz, Cal. 4
4 Call or Send for "Three Classes of Men." i
? This tells about it and gives hundreds of grateful letters. If you 5
£) are a weak man read it. Sent free, sealed, on application. If possible, ®
V call and examine the Belt and test it, free. Call or address +
X " ■ ■ .:-. ; -v.v^ r : &■ . . ' . : <.:.:-- /Z
i ; T\ TUT A MaT numltlSi. 702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. 8. F.: ?
I Dr. ffl. A. JuCLaugniin, | t v die L k o , B Boi o n o okg k , le c s 9 --**»* ,-*. Steoai t
0 Office Hours— a.m. to 8:80 p.m.; Sunday«.'lo to L NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ®
S>4®+® 4- ®4<s>f®-f 4- ®4®>®>®>®^®4-®4®4-S)4®4® ,
was given at the inquest as 4f>. while his
I sister said it was only 4r>. She could have
, been put to a great deal of trouble and
expense to have the change made, hut we j
favored her to that extent. There was
no disposition on my part to compel pay
ment of th>- $10, but the work done was
well worth it."
Coroner Hill stated that his predecessor.
Dr. Hawkins, had advised him that it was
customary for the stenographer to charge
for his labor in transcribing papers relat
ing to inquests.
"I do not think." said Dr. Hill, "that
Mr. Wolf has done any wrong In this mat
tor. I will investigate the ca.^e, however,
mid dr-al with it us it deserves. Jt is thf*
custom of the office, and whil" there is
j no law covering the charge, it seems rea
sonable that tho stenographer should re
ceJve some compensation for »-xtra labor."
NON-WINNERS' STAKE.
An Interesting Coursing Contest to j
Be Held at Union Park Thurs
day — List of Entries.
The Union Coursing Park managers last
night held a drawing in Pythian Hall of
non-winning dogs to compete on Thursday
in what promises to be one of the most '
novel and interesting events offered by
the popular park in some time. The stake j
is said to. be an experimental one, but i
judging by the entries it will prove sue- i
cessful. Sixty-four dogs are listed and the
sport is scheduled to begin at 11 a. m.
The winner will take $60, the runner up j
$40, the next two $20 each, ttje next four |
$12 50 each, and the next eight $7 50. The
San Francico. and San Mateo Electric I
line carries passengers to the park in
quick time. Following are the entries:
F. A. McComb's One Spot vs. J. H. Smith's i
Merced; V A. McComb'a Little Joker vs. E.
Baumeister's Winning Ways: G. H. Burfetnd's '■
Pastime vs. G. Lahusen's Wheel of Fortune; 1
j F. Price names Madge Wildfire vs. A. F.
Moore's Decency; .1. Jones' Gallivant vs. Kay
A Tram's Killamey Lass; J. McCormick's
White Lily v.-. Hurley & Reilly's Expense:
Courtney & Hore's Douglass vs. Lord &
Hcrbst's Kerry Gow; J. Flynn's Hicks vs. .1.
Burns' Olympus; Mllo Kennels' Irma vs. Aeneid
Kennels' Van Doric; Ptish'a Kennels' Rod of
; Ash vs. Yosemlte Kennels'. Mote; Aeneid Ken
nels' Maid of Erin vs. Kay & Trant's Ellipse;
Yosemite Kennels' • Bounding Belle vs. Hurley
& Retllys Richmond Queen: T. J. Gaffney'a
Sir John Arnot vs. E. Burmelster's War Cloud;
F. Herring's St. Elmo vs. F. J. Kline's Mystic;
Handy & Smith's Terrona vs. J. Mahoney's
Chief of the Hill; Mllo Kennels' Victor Queen
vs. T. Murnane's Flashlight; .T. 'ormirk
White Tip vs. W. Perry's Campagnia; Handy
* Smith's Ben Bolt vs. .1. Kerrigan's-Con
queror; J. Burns' Seminole vs. Dennis & Por
ter's The Devil: Rim on Kennels' Ski vs. Yo
' semite Kennels' Lamplighter; P. J. Reilly's
I Warship vs. L. H. Pike's. Nancy R; J. Sec-
I gerson's Gold Hill vs. E., M. Kellogg's Kid
i McCoy; Pasha Kennels' Fleeting: Fancy vs. F.
Moran's Bit of Fashion; Hurley & "Reilly's
Master Matt vs. W. H. Jones' Rustan: R. E.
de B. Lopez's Mardougal vs. J. ,1. Warren's
Sweet Lips; A. Johnson's Mountain Beauty
I vs. F. Moran's Flying Faster; W. H. Jones'
Prince Jerome vs. Lord & Herbst's Revolver
j Russell. Allen & Wilson's Master Clair vs. J.
Mooney's Silent Treasure; J. O'Dowd's Mission
Tip vs. J. Seggerson's White Chief: F. A. La
comb's Miss Skyrocket vs. E. M. Kellogp's
Hummer: G. & H. Kennels' Dempsey Lass vs.
.1. McCormick's Woodbine; E. M. KelloKß's
Mountain Maid vs. Lowe & Thompson's High
Born Lady.
Will Go to the Jury.
A motion requesting- the court to order
a judgment in favor of the defendant in
the case of Frederick Kleehauer against
the Western Fuse and Explosives Com
pany was argued before Judge Dainger
field yesterday. At the close of argument
Judge Daingerfield denied the motion, dis
missed the jury and set the case for this
morning for further hearing.
Divorce Case .After Death.
The judgment and order of the lower
court in the divorce case of Mary E.
Smith against Thomas R. Smith has been
affirmed by the Supreme Court. One of
the features of the contest is that the
plaintiff in the action is dead. She brought
suit on the grounds of cruelty and neglect.
The first was not sustained but the latter
was allowed. \hc wife being awarded two
thirds of the community property and the
husband the remainder. After her death
the husband sought to have the divorce
annulled in order to secure the property
so recently parted with. Upon the refusal
of the lower court to reopen the cas.' an
appeal was tak. n to the higher court,
which, however, refused to disturb the
decision of the lower court.
Victoria Getting Young.
In view of the fact of the Queen's approach
ing visit to the continent Englishmen are es
pecially interested in her Majesty's health. It
is announced that her hearing has grown acute
and her eyesight keener. Youthful faculties in
old age depend merely upon the . health. The
blood should be kepi pure and the stomach
sweet with II stetter's Stomach Bitters. It
cures Indigestion, constipation, biliousness,
nervousness, liver and kidney troubles, as well
as malaria and fever and ague. It keeps peo
ple young. ,
BEECH A MS
I arm MM m Cure Indigestion A
H StJaßß—wSk Constipation, B
| ■ mmmmmtmmV Sick Headache. |
| 10 cents and 25 cents, at all drug stores. ]
i m
m A WOMAN'S
m HOME DUTIES
Hum do not tend to make box'
JKbBMI strong and vigorous with i
' 'nerves of steel, " but the
3KHjWS» contrary, for there fre- '
|*gjMM|**" f]uentlv come shattered
.frftfcgtgßHfc nerves and broken-down
UafflffiPj health. She is then ad- ,
j|j|j|i|!^ vised to take some kind
lligll^P of tonic to brace her up.
There is no tonic (Malt Extract or-
Other kind) that can compare with
BLATI a nont tox ~
MALT-VIVINE
honors at Trans-Migg. and later'l Expo-
sition, 1898. Remember the full name,
BLATZ MALT-VIVINE. All Druggists
pared by
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAVKKK, 1. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS.
416 and 418 Sacramento St. Tel. Main 416.
NEW INVENTION, Pa t elt,
With Which Marvelous Cares C&n Be Obtained.
In 2000 test cases rg^ o4NfV
over 95 per cent sue- i^saVr/'»ri c
cessful. NlcT^^v: '«?"&-
FREE TRIAL, of <-P>»
one week given each X "ATflci\ ie& 'C
patient SPECIAL ["OR C C U Si. i«L
ANTISEPTIC ___ 9 (*&££%&>
CHEMICALS fur- IHROATP^^^I
nished with each in- I»KOAI |DlTf !
Etrument_. Doctors ~/^ -t :f|s- ji|- II "
and every one In- J^-> MV |; \\ :|[
vited to test it. ':-.-' * „([», a %'■ jl - ; l!
of references piven. UfU' Xw\o ifjt ££□
Call or write to WAW ,
OR, C, COTJINGHAM o\nß fp
(Patentee.) Alrffktr' I 1 i ! ?
632 Market St. V^ UN( l|i ! |
(Opposite Palace /o / * < » $p t\ '«■
Hotel.) yjKt? -Js^l^i^
| Practice limited to ', <(/%&*££. s, SJ35^
EAR. NOSE. flow/ I ; Pl''< | ' [■' ! i''il
§ THROAT. LUNGS \\V/>) SLiiiii.LJ^iL l^
and CHRONIC DIS- VAy ftJfT
' SEASES. . y ;^r^^—
' At Auction!
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY ...JUNE 6, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Oup Salesroom, 638 Market St.
FORECLOSURE SALE.
West line (1750-56) Folsom st., 138 ft. nortk
of Fourteenth. 44x127 ft.; four elegant flats of
5. 6. 5 and 6 rooms and bath, all modern im-
provements; new plumbing; rents $65.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
North side McAllister St., 137:6 ft. west of
! Fillmore St.. 40x137:6 ft.: a fine site for sunny
flats or house with garden: desirable location;
surroundings good; cars convenient.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
West side (15) Salmon st., and east side (8)
Himmelman st., 57:6 ft. south of Broadway
! Ft., 20x60; two nice cottages of four rooms
■ each, fronting on different streets; rents $10 50
! per month. ■_.-..■;
MODERN FLATS.
East side (139-141- Chattanooga st., 90
I ft. north of Twenty-third st., 40*117:6 ft. to
] rear street: four new modern flats of 7 and 5
rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, etc.; large
two-story stable on rear street.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
' North side Seventeenth st., 155 ft. east of
Market. 25x80; a fine building site, half block
from junction of Market and Castro sts
GUERRERO-ST. BUILDING LOT. "
. West Bide Guerrero st., 45 ft. north of Four-
teenth, 45x76:4; fine building lot in good rent-
ing locality, one block. from transfer point.
'• V r; ' MISSION-ST. RESIDENCE.
West side (2114) Mission St., 23:4 ft. south of
Clarion St.. 23:4x80; two-story bay-window
house o{ 8 rooms and bath; In business neigh-
borhood.
BY ORDER OF ADMINISTRATOR.
South side Duncan st. 240 ft. east of Noe
St., 25x114; cheapest lot in this neighborhood;
all ready for building; subject to confirmation
of court.
PRECITA-AVE. LOTS.
South side Precita aye.. 500 ft, west of Fol-
Eom St., 80x123. or three good lots all ready
for building; street work done.
CUMDERLAND-ST. LOTS.
j North side Cumberland st., 105 ft. west of
i Sanchez St., 75x114; . three lots well situated:
fine view; good investment.
E ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers. 538 Market st.
feg^j^DS. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
jgß TWhB ' Five hundred reward for any
f^™ case we cannot cure. This secret
3 , , a remedy storm all losses In 24
Five hundred reward for any
cas-e we cannot cure. This secret
remedy stor>s all losses In 24
Sail ISAa hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
7i " KTiTlt tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
•*er+ fcr»M Gleet. Fits, Strictures. Lost
«jW|_lgJ^| Manhood and all wasting effect*
Bf/tv.. -. — g of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle: 3 bottles, 15; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland, Ccl. Also
for sale at 10734 Market St.. S. F. All prtvat*
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
DR.MCNULTY.
T»HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
JL Specialist™?** Private, Nervous. and Blood Dis-
eases o. Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Mec.frae. Over :'.oy'rs' experience.
PnlientscurediuHome.'Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to3dally:S.3otoB:.'tT> ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Cull.oradilres*
p. itoscoK aicxiri/rv. M".l>.
20' 2 Kearny St., San Francisco. CM.
ft I Pf" nnifll Corner Fourth and
CAFE ROYAU" 1
Will 1> lIW II IL. , c Overcoats and
Valises checked it—.
56
Cb4f $ xA^^^^@^ll
-. ■ —
TUESDAY JUNE 6, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. .
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager!
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts-. S. F
Telephone Main 18« S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mull. Including Pontage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday call), one year ffl.OO
DAILY CALL I n : :.ilnic Sunday Call). ( months 3.0©
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 m0nth5........ 1.50
PAILT CALL— By Single Mo.th : 880
M'MPAT CALL One Year 1-60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year *«°° :
A.! postmasters are authorised to receive subscription*.
Sample copies •will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
C. GEO KftOGNESS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotol
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Mar<jn«tto BatldlnA
C. GEORGE KROGNES3, Advertising Rof»re*e*tathr».
BRANCH OFFICES— SB 7 street, corner Clay '
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 62! McAllister street open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larl<ln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until K> o - clock- 2*91 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 •'olocK. £618
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Pdlk street. open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
c. ,!umbla— A New Comedy.
CranJ Opera House— "The Pirates of Penzance" and "I'Pat;-
llacei."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Alcazai — "Hamlet."
Tlvolt— "The Merry "War."
ralifornla— "Faust."
chutes 7Jr>r> and Free Theater— Vaudeville every after-
:.J evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth— Bat
Manila Hay.
Sutro Baths- Swimmlne Races, etc.
AUCTION SALES.
By Kaston, Eldridge & Co.— This Day, at 12 o'clock. Real
at Som Market street.
By Wells, Russell & Co —Thursday, June 29, at M a. m.,
corner Mission a-id Fremont street?. Planing Mil! Machinery-
OUR BROAD-GAUGE GOVERNOR.
IT is the fashion of the press to refer to our present
Governor as a narrow gauge: Some misappre
hension is liable to result from this inference. In
respect to his intellect it is correct. But the road on
which he travels is strictly the broad gauge "that
kadeth to destruction."
The Governor bothers himself very little about the
State Capitol, but seeks and finds variety on the tracks
of the Southern Pacific Company. Just now he is on
his way to Yosemite, and when he enters that valley,
cleft out of solid rock, and observes the exquisite
beauty and purity of the Bridal Veil, the tumultuous
magnificence of • the larger falls and the silent
grandeur of the sentinel mountains that appropriately
typify a broad gauge country, he may perhaps be en
abled for once to comprehend his own littleness. And
if from the top of Clouds' Rest he should look down
perpendicularly for 7000 feet to the smiling landscape
beneath he may succeed in realizing the sensations
of a corrupt politician who foolishly imagines that
he can reach the elysium of ambition by a fatal drop.
He has left behind him the other twin of his heav
enly combination, to work the legislative lead for the
Federal Senatorship during his absence. But he car
ries with him abundant food for reflection. Among
other things, he can go over the long sequence, of his
ointments to determine whether in any given in
stance he has broken the smooth record of his obe
dience to the railroad, and for a moment even pre
tended to renew his allegiance to the people. He
will not discover examples enough of forgetfulness
of his, thralldom to induce more than a temporary dis
gust.
The Call on Sunday last furnished him with some
materials for thought. It had. previously notified the
public that as Ulysses S. Grant was at least tempor
arily out of the way. if the railroad executive could
discover enough votes to elect Daniel M. Burns he
would promptly relieve himself of the personal re
sponsibility of an appointment and discover some
pretext for an extra session, so as to invest his Sen
atorial choice with the additional dignity of having
largely increased the burdens of taxpayers. This con
ditional prediction the Governor resented, and in
proof of its inaccuracy said: "I only need to cite the
incorrect announcements of the executive appoint
ments that paper has made from time to time."
The Governor's statement being absolutely false,
the inference was that he rather intended to convey
the impression that, if possible, he would fulfill our
last qualified prediction. In order that the public
might observe his recklessness, as evidenced by a
most remarkable series of fulfilled announcements, in
its issue of Sunday The Call gave a detailed account
of its principal successes in this department of proph
ecy. Under specific dates and with literal quotations
it proved that in some mysterious way it had sub
stantially anticipated nearly every executive appoint
ment that has been made this year. The list was
formidable and included his private secretary, the
executive secretary, the stenographer, the secretary of
the State Board of Examiners, three members of the
Board of Health, the Warden of San Quentin, the
Registrar of Voters, the Highway Commissioners,
various other officers and two Code Commissioners,
whose appointment, for the moment deferred, will
complete the present list.
As The Call is under the gubernatorial ban its in
formation, apparently marvelous in its verity, must
have been derived from some other source. The
heavenly twin, now momentarily wrenched from his
alter ego, was undoubtedly perplexed and may even
have regretted his premature contradiction of a fact
that no one could know so thoroughly as himself. But
if he will remember that the railroad and Burns arc
one he can easily deduce the conclusion that, except in
such a rare instance as the selection of W. W. Foote
for one of the Paris Commissioners, it was only
necessary to discover whom, the railroad and Burns
wanted for each position, and if there were two or
throe, with whom they had coquetted which of them
was preferred, and the basis for calculation was prac
tically complete.
The Governor has provided for his own Los An
geles force, v. ho were probably, acceptable to the
powers he serves' He has taken care of the friends of
Dan Burns, including legislative voters for that un
speakable aspirant for Senatorial honors. He is giving
the State its "St avowed railroad administration. He
is not our first executive to deceive or betray the
people, and especially the voters who elected him. or
to violate his pledges, but the first whose treachery
has been open and confessed. In the Yosemite Val
ley he will have a fine chance to analyze his own re
vealed character by the study of the mingled ob
stinacy and stupidity of the mule, an animal useful in
its place but unfitted for the higher civilization of ed
ucated quadrupeds
THE CALL AND EXPANSION.
WE print to-day a letter from a valued reader
chiding The Call for its position on imperial
ism.
The rebuke of a friend is kind, and we desire to de
velop his view of the issue which' he joins with us.
He says: "I cannot conceive how any one who is
loyal to the Government of the United States can
antagonize the administration in its efforts to put
down insurrection and those who are waging war
against the old flag that floats, over the Philippine
Islands."
We have not antagonized nor obstructed the ad
ministration in its military operations anywhere. The
Call has in many ways, some known publicly and
some not so known, held up the hands and cheered
the hearts of the soldiers and sailors who fight afar
off and obey orders, as is a soldier's duty.
As for the policy of permanent imperialism, we
indorse the only official utterance of President Mc-
Kinley on that subject. In his message to Congress
one year ago he said: "I speak not of forcible annex
ation, for that, according to our code of morals, would
be criminal aggression." That is an utterance that no
circumstances can change.
We did not take the Philippines by arbitration of
the sword. When the Paris Commission met to ar
range the treaty of peace with Spain all of the Philip
pines except a few localities on Manila Bay were oc
cupied by the natives, who had wrested them from
Spain before our flag went there, and under the law
of nations and by arbitration of the sword they were
the sovereigns of the land as well as the owners in
fee simple of the territory.
We paid Spain twenty millions to relinquish her
sovereignty. There is every evidence that when this
was done it was with the intention on the part of
President McKinley and his administration to treat
the Filipinos as our allies, protect them into full na
tionality and after arranging recoupment of our costs
to withdraw and leave them, with our friendship and
our warning to the world to let them alone, to the
happy realization of the hope of self-government and
independence, for which they had fought Spain for a
century. We have published so much testimony to
show that this was the intended attitude of our Gov
ernment that to repeat it would be tedious. Begin
ning with the President's declaration in his message
of last year, the. evidence accumulates. When the
treaty of Paris was pending before the Senate the
President's personal organ said that Senator Hoar
and those who stood with him were agitated by a
groundless apprehension; that it was not among
the purposes of the administration to hold permanent
ly either Cuba or the Philippines. The same identical
assurance was given to Senators at the White House.
The testimony of a dozen army and navy officers,
among them a brigadier general, all of whom were
present in Manila, is that the Americans began the j
fight and the Filipinos did not. All this we have pub
lished, with the names of the witnesses. Alter the fight
began the President's personal organ, in a double- i
leaded editorial, said: ''We want no more repetitions
of this latest battle of Manila. The people of the
United States have neither the bloodthirstiness nor
the land hunger that will tolerate a war of conquest,
whose battlefields are shambles and whose victories
are butcheries. The conscience of the American peo
ple will not tolerate the slaughter of Filipinos in a
war of conquest. We do not seek their land. We do
not wish to replace the yoke of Spain with one bear
ing the more merciful and just label of the United
States. Let the President announce trrat we have no
intention to annex Asiatic territory and that the
pledge of Congress as to Cuban independence will be
the pledge of the American nation to the Philip
pines."
If our reader, friend and critic can find any opinion
we have uttered in antagonism to the President's of
ficial utterance and to these several expressions of his
personal organ and to the assurances given Senators
at the White House prior to the ratification of the
treaty of Paris we will be glad to have him do so.
Let us turn his attention now to the expressions
of the imperial party which has been manufacturing
a polky and pretending that it is the President's.
General Merritt, in a speech at the New England
dinner in New York last Jamiary, said: "What if ex
pansion is unconstitutional? This republic has out
grown the constitution, and that instrument is no
longer-worth discussing." Does our critic approve of !
that?
Whitelaw Reid, at a speech to the Marquette Club
in Chicago on Lincoln's birthday, said: "It is time to j
teach the American people the absurdity of the state
ment in the Declaration of Independence that govern
ments derive their just powers from the consent of
the governed."
Rev. P. S. Henson of Chicago, in a sermon in favor \
of imperialism and expansion a month ago, said: "As
for the Declaration of Independence and its state
ment that governments derive their just powers from j
the consent of the governed, the devil never invented ,
a mr>-e damnable lie with which to deceive the world."
Abraham Lincoln said: "The doctrine of self-gov
ernment is right, absolutely and eternally right. When
a white man governs himself, that is self-government;
but when he governs himself and also governs an
other man, that is more than self-government — 'that is i
despotism. What I do say is that no man is good
enoi gh to govern another man without that other's
consent. Allow all the governed an equal voice in the
government; that, and that only, is self-government.
Repeal the Declaration of Independence, repeal all
past history, still you cannot repeal human nature.
Let us readopt the Declaration of Independence and
the practices and policy which harmonize with it. Let
every American remember that to violate the Declara
tion of Independence is to trample on the blood of
his fathers and to tear the charter of his own and his
children's liberty."
Docs our friend and critic agree with the imperial
expansionists that the Declaration of Independence is
"a damnable lie." an "absurdity," or does he agree !
with Lincoln?
Does he think President McKinley believes the
"-(.public has outgrown the constitution and that in
strument is no longer worth discussing, and that the
Declaration of Independence is an absurdity and .a
damnable lie. and if so, does he agree with the Presi
dent in that belief?
If he think that the President so believes, what
does he think is the duty of a citizen "who is loyal to
the Government of the United States"?
Finally, does he find anything in President Mc-
THE SA^s FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 6. 1899.
Kinley's Home Market Club speech which repudiates
his message on "criminal aggression" and the pledges
of his personal organ as to Caba and the Philippines?
FRANCE AND AMERICA.
IN The Call of April 3 and May 12 the decision of
the question of revision in the Dreyfus case by the
Court of Cassation and the grounds that rendered
it inevitable were correctly anticipated. It is satis
factory to observe the rehabilitation of French justice,
under the pressure of full investigation, urged not
merely by the French people, but from every quarter
of the globe. It is, however, unnecessary at this time
further to discuss the probabilities of the future in
reference to this remarkable persecution of an appar
ently innocent man. who for more than four years
has suffered martyrdom through the corruption of the
general staff of the army of France.
But in the history and present aspect of the Drey
fus case there is a lesson for the United States. The
demonstration of the royalists and their confederates
against President Loubet, in which unfortunately the
American wife of a French Count participated, was a
significant evidence of the anomalous condition of a
republic in which church and state are not separated
and where orders of nobility yet survive. It may
have commanded the sympathy of American impe
rialists, but it will receive the stern condemnation of
American citizens who have not "outgrown" their
constitution and reverted to the decaying types of
European government.
The central interest in the drama, however, is that
the mass of the French citizens still possesses a con
science, which, after it has been once roused, is irre
sistible in its influence, and that the absolute necessity
of equality before the law and of the honest adminis
tration of justice is comprehended within the Latin
republic, as it ought to be and as it will be in our
own country. If the sentence against Dreyfus had not
been annulled militarism would have celebrated a
triumph, but the people would have prepared for rev
olution.
The corruptions in the management of the Panama
canal project were a long time before they reached
the surface in France, but when they were clearly
discerned and understood prompt and severe retribu
tion followed. The occasional convictions of munic
ipal boodiers in New York were of small import com
pared with the overwhelming wave of French indigna
tion that sent many of their most conspicuous states
men to destruction. Public opinion in France, unin
formed and fomented by racial and religious preju
! dice?, long failed to discern the cruel and despotic
combination from which Dreyfus suffered. But truth
and justice were not to be permanently asphyxiated, \
and when the infamous record was gradually opened j
to public scrutiny the virtue and the strength even of
an imperfect democracy never rested until revision
was proclaimed.
Imperialistic tendencies in this republic of late have
been too prevalent. They will be restrained in due \
time. The most dangerous evils against which we
have to contend are irregularities in the administra- j
tion of the law and saturated political corruption, of
which the Huntington monopoly has furnished so j
many irritating examples. The American people are
not mercurial. They live under republican institu- j
tions that are not unnaturally connected with an
hereditary aristocracy and under which complete re
ligious liberty prevails. They are the product of the
contributions of the best elements of the Caucasian
race. They are aggressive, rapid and at the same time
methodical and careful in business. .Their confidence
in their civilization and in their Government has been
possibly extreme, and they have passively submitted 1
to an administrative routine that has largely fallen
under unwholesome influences.
But no population in the world is so capable, when ',
the necessity for action is forced home, o£*sweeping
every form of interference with the harmony, with the
integrity and with the efficiency of their political sys
tem out of sight. The embalmed beef investigation ;
may have been a solemn farce. The oppressions of !
our railroad monopolies may have been weakly toler- j
ated. Our local plunderers may have speculated upon |
the continuance of civic apathy. But the indications
on both sides of the American republic point to an
upheaval of the masses, invested with the dignity and
with the power of citizenship, and unless such dan
gerous cabals against our rights, our liberties and our
property as are t3 - pified by Mr. Huntington take
speedy warning the educational example of France i
will be an insignificant circumstance in comparison j
with the hard experience to which they will be sub
jected.
Diplomacy may be a good thing, but San Fran
cisco Police Court tactics can beat it every time. An
international complication threatened to grow out of
the encounter a few days ago in an East street saloon
between United States soldiers and a party of Japan
ese sailors from the training-ship Hiyei. The matter
was brought to the attention of Judge Mogan, who
settled it out of hand and mayhap prevented a pro
longed war by deciding that the Japs, who interfered
where they were not wanted, got what they deserved.
It has long been notorious in this State that "bad
debt" brokers were using the lower courts as ad
juncts to their bureaus. Justice of the Peace A. C. Par
ker of Stockton has taken a step which, if followed by
other Justices throughout the State, will do much to
remedy the evil. He has decided that the "bad debt"
collector hereafter can have no more privileges than
the ordinary citizen, and that when he brings a suit
he must put down the price.
The fruit-growers of the State are evidently taking
C. P. Huntington at his word when he declared that
he was never inspired by any desire to do anything
solely for the public welfare. The fruit-growers have
determined to look after themselves, and are pro
gressing well in the efforts to make their welfare a
matter of serious concern to the railroad magnate.
The Czar's peace conference, designed to bring the
blessings of good will to all the nations, is making
progress. It has with due solemnity agreed that
when armies are engaged in the pastime of killing
each other no explosive bullets may be used. The
Czar shudders at the name of a bomb.
The French have been accused of being a mercurial
people, and, consequently, inconsistent. History proves
juk to the contrary. It shows that when they are
glad, they riot; when they are sad, they riot; and
when they go mad, they keep on rioting.
• Captain John M. Neall has been sentenced by
court-martial to be dismissed from the army. Another
evil victory has been won by Ingleside.
Fitzsimmons is certain of victory and Jeffries is
confident of winning. Nearly everybody else enter
tains a mild hope that they will both be whipped.
The "Man With the Hoe" seems to have jumped
hi 6 job. From all accounts at any rate he is working
overtime on the lecture platform.
The latest is a leather trust. Nobody can say that
it is a soleless corporation. .
EXPANSION AND THE CALL
To the Editor of The Call: As one of the old subscribers of The Call, I feel It
my duty to protest against its stand on the expansion question, and am of the
opinion if you would consult those who are taking your paper a large majority
would take issue with you. I cannot conceive how any one who is loyal to the
Government of the United States can antagonize the administration in its efforts
to put down insurrection and those who are waging war against the old flag that
floats over the Philippine Islands, a territory as much in the possession of the
United States as Alaska. If I understand the spirit of the people who believe in
holding those Islands, as well as all possessions ceded by Spain to the United
States, it is not to seek new fields for expansion but hold what we have ac
quired by the arbitration of the sword and the joint decision of both Govern
ments in the settlement of the question.
As President McKinley has well said ■in his noble remarks at the Home
Market Club, Boston, in February last, "the Philippines, like Cuba and Porto
Rico, were Intrusted to our hands by the war, and to that great trust, under
the providence of God and in the name of human progress and civilization, we are
committed. It is a trust from which we r.ill not flinch. The American people
will hold up the hands of their servants at home to whom they commit its
execution, while Dewey and Otis and the brave- men whom they command will
have the support of the country in upholding our flag where it now floats, the
symbol and assurance of liberty and justice." Respectfully.
San Jose, June 1, 1599. WILLIAM ROSS.
WILL IMPROVE
DRYDOCK AT
HUNTERS POINT
To Be Lengthened 160
Feet Shortly.
PLANS NOW BEING PREPARED
IT WILL BE MADE TO ACCOMMO
DATE THE LARGEST VESSELS.
The California Drydock Company Will
Spare No Expense in Order to Make
the Dock the Most Perfect
on This Coast.
The drydock of the California Drydock
Company at Hunters Point is to be en
larged at a great expense. Such is the
Intention of the directors of the company,
and at present engineers are at work upon
the necessary plans. It cannot be said
just when the work will be commenced,
but it is expected that the dock will be
completed— that is, the addition to it—
by next summer. The work may begin
within the next two months, but it is
more than probable that it will be delayed
until the winter. It will take at least six
months to accomplish the work that will
be done. The determination of the com
pany to enlarge the dock was brought
about by the fact that vessels are now
being built upon this coast whose dimen
sions will be such that the present dock
at Hunters Point will not be able to ac
commodate them.
At present the dock Is 480 feet long- at
the top, and it is proposed to extend this
length 160 feet, which •will make the dock
640 feet long. To do this the company will
have to cut away a solid wail of rock.
While the work is being done vessels will
be able to use the dock just the same, for
the reason tnat the extension to be added
will be begun at the extreme limit and
worked toward the present dock, so that
only a smail wall of rock will have to be
cut away when the extension is ready to
i be added.
At present the dock at Hunters Point
is just larga enough to accommodate such
i vessels as the transports Sheridan and
' Grant. When the extension has been oom
, pleted it will be large enough for the
longest vessels that come to this port.
The improvements that the California
Drydock Company propose to make mean
a great deal to this port in the way of
I helping business. Vessels that formerly
I had to go elsewhere for drydockage will
! find it at HunteTs Point.
AGRICULTURAL SCIENTISTS.
Preparations to Entertain the Distin
guished Professors From,
the East.
The committee having in charge the en
tertainment of delegates to the con
vention of members of the Associated
I Colleges of Agriculture met yesterday in
i the Chamber of Commerce to report prog
ress. There were present Captain Charles
Nelson, E. Scott, A. Sbarboro, Professor
| M. E. Jaffa, C. F. Adams, H. H. Taylor,
J. A. Fllcher, Prentess Smith and others.
Mr. Smith, who is an active member of
the finance committee, stated that the
banks of this city have subscribed $1300
toward the fund, and Mayor Phelan, the
Board of Trade and the Millbrae Dairy
have added sufficient to make the amount
i $1800 of the . $3000 required. It was con
j eluded that the amount would be easy
I to secure, as there are plenty of public
i spirited land owners who desire to dem
i onstrate to the learned visitors that there
is no end of possibilities for the future
Of the State.
Professor Jaffa and Mr. Scott stated
that Lloyd Tevis of Haggin & Tevis and
J. F. English desire the visitors to go to
the part of the State in which their re
spective lands are located. The former
| have agreed to provide entertainment at
| Bakersiield. and the latter will entertain
> at Bouldin Island. Professor Jaffa said the
! scientists will take a couple of days in
I studying the country along the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin rivers with a view
of learning more of the reclamation prob
lem, and irrigation as well. The latter
question will bo gone intfl thoroughly in
I the southern part of the State. It is be
! lieved that a visit will be paid to the
great sugar beet centers. Professor Jaffa
j is of the opinion that among the impor-
I tant visitors will be Secretary of Agri
-1 culture Wilson.
The report was made by A. Sbarboro
that the Swiss-Italian colony would en
tertain the guests at Asti. The members
of the convention will go to this place as
soon as the convention adjourns, making
at the same time the trip over the Cali
: fornia and Northwest Railroad as guests
i of Manager Foster.
WHEAT STATIONS.
Official Willson Established Seven in
San Joaquin Valley.
Local Forecast Olficial Willson returned
yesterday from the San Joaquin Valley,
| where for the past two weeks he has been
employed In establishing wheat stations
along the line of the Valley road. Seven
stations were equipped with thermometers
and rain gauges, namely: Elmwood. Mer-
I ced, La Grande, Lankersham, Hanford,
| ReedJey and Visalia. Mr. Willson mi
i tended to similarly equip stations at
| Bakerslield, Dewey and Angione, but the
shelters had not been prepared, so he left
I the work to competent men and the three
places will be in operation in a few days.
The importance of these wheat stations
cannot be overestimated, and the Weather
Bureau is deeply grateful to the Valley
road, which has taken th*,> matter in hand.
Reports will now be received daily re
garding the prevailing *weather conditions
i in the various wheat sections during the
i month of June and part of July, and the
knowledge will be found invaluable in
many quarters.
The local weather office is in receipt cf
■ a climatological record of Visalia which
j has been kept by Dan Srowan, a volun-
I tary observer, since 18SS. The record gives
i complete data about the daily atmo
! spheric conditions in that section and in
, eludes the noting of earthquakes, sand
i.and electric storms, besides the minimum
1 and maximum temperatures and the rain
fall for every day during the past eleven
! years. The rainfall is always light in
Visalia. and varies from fc.fil inches in 1893
to 14.19 inches in ISB9. The highest aver
age temperature has been comparatively
uniform at about 75 degrees and the low
est 4S degrees.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
S. M. Stuart, U. S. A., is registered at
the Occidental.
Major B. Webb of London was among
yesterday's arrivals at the Palace.
Harry G. de Greayer of Birmingham,
Eng., is a guest at the Occidental.
John G. Gaffey, ex-Collector of the Port
of L"s Angeles, is registered at the Palace.
Rev. Mr. Dewhurst of Voluntown,
Conn., arrived In this city yesterday and
is a guest at the Occidental.
E. C. Voorheis, ex-State Senator and
owner of the Gwin mine in Amador
County, arrived yesterday from Sutler
Creek and is stopping at the Palace.
George Dean, superintendent of the Ar
row mine in Tuolumne County, arrived
yesterday and is a guest at the Grand.l
Mr. Dean's mine is one of the most proir!
ising properties in his county. It is owned
j and operated by San Francisco capitalists.
Mrs. Caroline Seymour Severance, found
er of the Woman's Club of Boston, the
first woman's club founded in America, is
spending a few weeks in this city. She ia
accompanied by Miss Mildred Peel, the
sculptress. Mrs. Severance will leave on
Saturday next for her home in Los Ange
les, where Miss Peel will be her guest for
some months to come.
Mr. and Mrs. William H. Mills will leave
San Francisco to-night in their special
car en route for Portland, Or. They take
as their guest Miss Margery Gibbons,
daughter of Dr. Henry Gibbons. The
party will be joined in Portland by the
Misses Mills, who have been visiting in
that city, and will spend some time among
the mountains and forests of -he north
| em part of the State, taking in Castle
I Crags before returning-.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June s.— Samuel Shean and
Henry Pitner and wife of San Francisco
are at the Vendome. G. Minette of San
Francisco is at the Martin.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June s.— lrving M.
Scott of San Francisco is at the Shore
; ham; D. E. Collins of Oakland is at ihe
j Raleigh; Frank A. Travisky of San Fran
! Cisco is at Willard's; Surgeon-General
Sternberg and wife left for California to
night.
■ ♦ »
THE SOUTHERN LYNCHINGS
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon Church,
SOS Stockton street,
San Francisco, June 4, 1899.
Editor of the San Francisco Call: As I
i have noted with great pleasure, shared in
■ by all the people of my* race whose opin
j ions have been expressed in my presence,
■ the brave and patriotic stand you have
taken In regard to the unfortunate lynch
j Ings which have, from time to time, oc
| curred in various parts of the South, it
seems proper that I should express my
| sincere and earnest thanks to you, know
! ing that I but faintly state what all my
! people feel in this matter. I am sure that
all worthy colored people have been very
j hopeful that they would be accorded the
j same treatment that people of the white
; race receive, and that where there are
! violations of the laws, as there must be
while poor humanity is groping- Its way
toward the light and a wiser understand
ing of what is their duty toward their fel-
I low man, and best for themselves, the
laws would be permitted to have their
course and the barbarians of mob pro
ceedings would be frowned upon by all
good citizens. It is undeniable that
very many of my people lose calm reason
when they hear of such horrid crimes as
those which lately darkened the' skies in
Georgia, and they feel excused for being
unduly severe upon the crazy men who
I took the lead in that sad transaction; and
it is a fact that nothing so quickly brings
them back to a proper way of reasoning
as reading such noble sentiments as you
have expressed when referring to the
hasty actions of the cowardly mob.
It is not my purpose to keep the angry
| feelings alive, but it seems well that you
i should know how grateful we all feel to
] you for expressing what the best citizens
of the country. North and South, feel in
regard to these unfortunate occurrences.
I am sure that each recurring lynching
has a tendency to weaken the bonds of
law and order In the community where it
takes place, and that these spread to oth
er communities, creating prejudice, if not
hatred. But if all the influential jour
nals speak the sentiments of the better
class of their, readers, as you have, it
cannot be long until exact justice will be
•assured to all. Again thanking you, I
am sincerely yours.
T. BROWN, Pastor.
■ ♦ ■
A PLEA FOR EXAMINATIONS
Editor Call: Dear Sir— The public agi
tation over Superintendent Webpte'r'fl
plan for written examination of pupils
passing grades a? indorsed by the School
Board strikes one as emanating from in
capacitated weakness when advanced by
teachers.
Experience, reason and common sense
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS. ;
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
BELTING. / . HARDWARE.
I p DFnFN Manufacturer rr Belting find D A LACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
! •-" *■ LUiL.i, Lac» Leather. . 105-107 mis- *- erB In hardware. .603 Market; tel Main 752.
eion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 563. ! ~ — — ,
— : "?-' IRON FOUNDERS.
BO LER MAKERS. 'Western Foundry. Morton &Hedl-y. *» r » 9 ,l
j EUREKA BOILER WORKS, ■^aia?o^g%tJr|g ■
! Special Attention Paid 'to Recairs' and Ship NO BETTER N EARTH 0
Work - Comancbe Ochre Co. 2UJ Front- tel Jessie ;Mt
Office and Works-113-115 MISSION ST. . paper df^fps
Telephone Main 5045. it'll t inrrrp m,, .. RSI J<"
i —— — WILLAMETTF p^ lpandpapb r co-
books AND STATIONERY. [ II 11-UftlllL I It. 722 Montgomery Street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SEWS COMPANY., F . ,- c^n^^- ™™
342 to 350 Oearv Street. Above Powell. ' ■ *-*' V '^VinCQ.su Sansnme street.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery. _ E   _„_ ~ ~ ' " —
" rrr. " lttH IliCkS- 11 'lift m Printers. Book-
COAL, COKE AND PIG IRON. 1"- ■**■ JUUU tj-. blnder3 . 23 Flrat K.
I C WILSON Rj CCi m statsone? AND printer.- ■■■
J. -Kt. VVIL-O^IN O6 KsKJ. , Tele B raph!cO A. DTDinPCffIS call-
•" WOO BATTERY STREET. Codes. PARTRIDGE fornla £
Telephone Main 1564. WAREHOUSEMEN. -
. COPPERSMITH. | HE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
I JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. M?r Forwarding: Agents and public Weighers.' O«n-
C. W.. Smith. Ship P,um b in ? . Steamboat %l\ of^^'gaU^n?^
end Ship Work a specialty, 16 and 18 ■ ' .
Washington St. .■■ Telephone, Main 5641. . WATCHES FTC
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE. T- LUNDY- U &lNg!fii£ r &&i'Tg £*
REDINGTGN & CO. s S o c n CO s n ti a ?e\ S^?n n 4 VVkiIT.A-H ***** COAL. "
— — ' : _ " Mined by th«
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. BLACK DIAMOND v-OAL MINING Ca At Its
** J ■ uviw tt w 1( Clay. Tel. Main 1294. Of flee, and Yards— 4so Main Slr»«U
has proven an oral examination, followed
a day or so later by a written one, in
conjunction with a recorded daily P er "
centage of application and attainment, to
the fairest, strongest and altogether
the best test of a pupils ability to pro
c.-'ed in up-grade work, and at thp same
time affords a reliable reference for the
mental ability and activity sought for by
commercial men, business corporations
and other clerical lines in seeking assist
ants: seldom any other recommendation
being required by employers than an ex
amination of school records.
The absence of this in your schools, a
Plan most satisfactorily pursued in the
r class of graded schools in the
United States, is one of the surprises met
by the Interested and skilled visitor
■ y while examining San I rancisco s
public school system. ' \. •
Amiable and hearty co-operation or
r and pupil with the Superintendent
and board in" this ruling will most assur
desirable results, and this ad
vJce is from actual knowledge.
in becoming a system its adoitiona
labor Is minimized, and in its beneficial
results no teacher may grudge its cost of
time and effort.  
An occasional "catch question" enlivens
the pupil's sense of humor and opens to
. xeeptional and not-to-be-despised possi-
IS 'MRS. SEVILLE LOCKWOOD.
City, June 2, 1899.
USURPATION OF POWER.
The Call: I am glad that some of the
teachers and parents are speaking out
against the folly and in justice of school
examinations. That system never had
the support of good thinkers and is now
entirely behind the times. Scholars should
be promoted whenever their teachers
think them fit, and in many cases
even when they have not done even pass
ably well in a study it is better for them
to "go on to something else. I believe
parents have the authority to order their
children advanced and also to order any
study dropped. But assuredly when par
ents and teacher agree, no Board of Ed
tlon or other power ought to interfere,
and I do not believe have any legal pow
er to do so. I hope to see a fight made
J by parents to curb the selfish pretentiona
• of Boards of Education and others. They
! do it selfishly to increase their power and
! importance, "it is a common practice for
! Boards of Education to spend many days
I (at $5 per day) making lists of questions
! for examination of pupils, and other days
i falFo at %o per day) looking over the pu
i pils' answers. All of which is without
' any authority of law and is a plain swin
i die on the public Treasury, as a reading
of section 1771, School Law, will show.
! That section defines the powers of County
' Boards of Education, but neither ther.^
nor any where is any power given them
to usurp the functions of teachers and
parents in the matter of pupils' examina
tions. Respectfully, W. S. PROSSER,
Civil Engineer.
Auburn, Cal., May 30, 1899.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
CHIEF LEES— E. T., City. I. W. Lees
was appointed Chief of Police of San
Francisco April 7, 1897.
TEACHERS' ASSOCIATION— S., City.
The Teachers' National Association will
be held in the city of Los Angeles on
the 11th, 12th and 13th of next July.
FREE COUNTY PAPERS— W., Philo,
Cal. The Postoffice Department at Wash
ington, D. C. rules that free county pub
lications are entitled to forwarding within
the county of publication free of post
age. •
WATER TROUGH— A. C. R., Arbuckle,
Cal. A watering trough for the use of
horses should be washed every morning,
a stiff broom being used for the purpose.
In that way water will always be fresh
after being run into the trough.
SKETCHES— I. W., City. For informa
tion as to copyright address a communi
cation to the Librarian of Congress . who
will send you a circular of information,
or go to the Free Public Library and see
the copyright law on page 54 of the World
Almanac for the current year.
SIEBE'S CANDIDACY — Subscriber,
City. In 1590 John D. Siebe, candidate for
Assessor of San Francisco,, was the nom
inee of the Republican party; in 1894 h-?
was the nominee of the Non-Parti.can
party, and he was supported by the Re
publican party: in IS9S he was the nom
inee of the Republican party and was
supported by the Non-Partisan party.
BLOCK NUMBERS— J. C-. City. In
San Francisco one hundred numbers, or
as many thereof as may be necessary,
shall be allotted to each block bounded
by the. principal streets, numbers one
hundred, two hundred and three hundred
being respectively the numbers for com
mencing the block distant one, two and
three streets from the starting point on
the right hand side, and numbers one
hundred and one, two hundred and one
and three hundred and one in similar
manner for the opposite side of the street.
For instance, the block from the start
ing point would be numbered from one
to ninety-nine, if that many numbers b«
required; the second block would com
mence with one hundred, the third with,
two hundred and the fourth with three
hundred and so on. So if a person resides
at No. 322 he is residing in the three hun
dred block, but in the fourth block from
the point of starting.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend'a.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telepnone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ .
Remember this: In pictures and frames
svo offer the greatest variety, the newest
styles, the prettiest designs and the low
est prices. Sanburn, \ ail & Co., 741 Mar
ket street. •
Witness Against Welburn.
It is understood that ex-Internal Rev
enue Commissioner Scott, who is on a
visit to this city, will be a witness in the
trial Of Osca M. "Welburn. Mr. ScMt wa3
Internal Revenue Commissioner wh^n Mr.
Welburn was splurging in the tenderloin.
The Rio Grande Western Railway
Take pleasure in announcing the Inauguration
June 1. 1599, of a complete dining-car service
between Ogflen and Denver on all transconti
nental trains. Service a la carte. General of
flce. 14 Montgomery st.
Travelers should know that Dr. Slegerfs An-
Kostur.a Bitters neutralizes impurities In water
an 1 corrects stomach troubles.MANY WANT TO
BE SHIPPING
COMMISSIONER
Aspirants for Federal
Recognition.
A CONTEST IS IMPENDING
R r M. M. GWIN, INCUMBENT, A
GOOD GOLD DEMOCRAT.
Senator Perkins Favors the Candi
dacy of Ex-Harbor Commis
sioner Charles F.
Bassett.
♦ —
The late decision regarding places
' hat are exempt from civil service reg
" jlation opens to the appointive power
the right to fill several good Federal
offices in California.
Before the recent order was promul
gated at Washington many of the pol
iticians entertained the view that the
office of United States Shipping Com
missioner was not embraced in the
civil service list. The late decision
makes it clear that it is not so em
braced, although a formal declaration
to that effect by the Civil Service Com
mission may be required in advance of
changes.
The office of Deputy Naval Officer and
that of chief deputy United States
Marshal are no longer embraced in the
civil service list, but there are no in
dications of immediate change in
either quarter. Mr. Farrish, the chief
deputy under Marshal Shine, served
under Marshals Long and Baldwin. E.
W. Maalln, the chief deputy under
Naval Officer John P. Irish, is capable
and appears to have a firm hold on his
position.
The incumbent of the office of United
States Shipping Commissioner, San
Francisco, is William M. Gwin. He se
cured the place during President
Cleveland's administration through
the friendly influences of Senator Le
land Stanford and Justice Field of the
United States Supreme Court. Mr.
Gwin is known as a gold Democrat,
and his friends and supporters contend
that California was saved to McKinley
by the liberal support which Demo
crats gave to "sound money principles.
They mention further that Mr. Gwin
has ably and honestly administered
the affairs of the office and that his
removal would be contrary to good
politics and fair dealing.
The office formerly paid $5000 or $6000
a year, but a few years ago the com
pensation was reduced. It is now worth
$3600 per annum. The office was at
tractive enough a year ago to- enlist the
aspirations of Paris Kilburn, and he
obtained th« indorsement of many
leading Republicans for the place. In
the ; litical changes, or readjustments,
brought about by the election of Henry
T. Gage as Governor and a Republican
Legislature Mr. Kilburn was slated for
the p.-sition of president of the State
Boarii of Harbor Commissioners. There
is no doubt that the public service was
bettered by Mr. Kilburn's appointment,
.-:nce he succeeded E. S. Colnon of
Stockton. A change from Colnon to
<<ny other person was bound to be a
change for the better.
Mr. Kilburn gracefully switched from
Shipping Commissioner to Harbor Com
missioner, because tidings from Wash
ington did riot give assurance of his
immediate success in obtaining the
Federal position. After the change of
base ex-Harbor Commissioner Charles
F. Bassett, who discovered Markham,
was brought out as a candidate for the
office of Shipping Commissioner to fill
the vacancy caused by the transfer of
Mr. Kilburn's aspirations elsewhere.
The Markham discovered by Bassett
was not the "Man With the Hoe." but
the man with the "magnetic hand."
The magnetic Markham was elected
Governor of California to serve the
people, but preferred to serve instead
Dan Burns and Mose Gunst, and is re
membered now only to be pitied. He is
alone at present in his obscurity, but is
expecting company.
United States Senator Perkins is said
to be in sympathy with the desire of
Mr. Bassett to be appointed Shipping
Commissioner, and in this respect Mr.
KHburn is believed to be heartily in
accord with the Senator. There are
other aspirants to the number of ten
or twelve, and no doubt among them
Congressman Eugene F. Loud has a fa
vorite. The fight for the position bids
fair to become quite interesting. Mr.
Gwin will not relinquish the place with
out a struggle. He Is comfortably en-
Bconced in the chair and is not without
friends in high places who would be
pleased to see his name permanently
inscribed on the Federal pay roll.
Administrator's Sale
The- confirmation to-morrow of the sales
of r rty recently made by. ex-
PubJlc Administrator FREESE, will be
Btdered by the Probate Court to-mor
l Wednesday), ai 10 o'clock, when fur
ther bids, if any. will be entertained.
The sales an ;is follows:
Estate of THOMAS A. XEATE— Lot 50
10, with improvements— Southeast cor
f Oak and Octavia streets; sold for
Estate of JOHN LEDDT— Premises No.
Howard street; sold for
•
t EDWARD S. MATTHEWS—
Vacant lot on Rlpley place, near Alabama
by 150; sold for $196.
ite of ALBERT MORATH— Lot 50
■ q street, south
of the Park: sold for $85.
shy POTTICJ3R— Lo: N.i.
.<k 10, College lion: • tead; sold for
: BRIDGET T. KEVIN— Lo< No.
9 in Kloek 11 In Man A oi the People's
il; sold fur 185. ♦
Henry Conn's Will
The will of Henry Conn, sometimes
known as Hcrsh (John, who" died May 27,
was filed for probate yesterday. The tes
tator directs that his estate, valued at
fJM, bo distributed among his widow,
Henrietta Conn, her two children, nine
children of decedent's first wife and a
brother. Simon Conn. Mrs. Henrietta
Cohn is named as executrix to serve with
out bonds.
i . — : rr-«? .
I Hoitt's School Will Rebuild at Once.
U has been decided to rebuild the main '
at Holtt's School Immediately, with ;
■ dern improvements, including fire- I
■ and protection against fire. It is ;
promised that the building shall be ready !
lor occupation by the 16th of August. • I
"YOU CAN'T LOSE THEM, GOVERNOR!"
LEGALITY OF
THE CHARTER
IS ATTACKED
Action Is Brought by
M. F. Fragley.
VARIOUS DEFENDANTS NAMED
ALLEGATIONS MADE THAT IT IS
UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
A. Ruef and T. V. Cater Appear
Attorneys, With John Garber
and E. S. Pillsbury as
Counsel.
Contrary to expectations, the action of
the officials who claim to be not city and
county but county officers against the
charter was not tilled yesterday, but an
other action of greater importance. >ii
rected against the new organic law of the
city and having as its object the Invali
dating of the charter In toto. was made
of record. M. F. Fragley. Superintendent
of Strtets, appears as plaintiff in the ac
tion, although it is understood that <aeh
official now holding office within
the municipality or under the consoli
dation act is lending his support. It is
directed against the Board of Election
Commissioners, James D. Phelan, Frank
lin K. Lane, Asa K. Wells, Edward I.
Sheehan and Charles S. Tilton; Janus D.
Phelan as Mayor, Jacob Bteppacher as
Registrar, Asa R. Wells as Auditor and
1. J. Truman as Treasurer, for the pur
pose of enjoining them from holding or
conducting a primary election on Auga^t
8 or at all, or a municipal flection on No
vember 7 under the provisions of or as
provided by the charter. Without an
election it is obvious that all officials no.v
in office will hold over for their full terms
as provided in the present law. If it is
held that they rutty nold the charter will
iau. and this Is the object of tue present
battle of its enemies.
In fact the battle to invalidate the
charter is on in earnest, and every tech
nicality known to the law will be used by
the strategists of the local bar. In intro
duction or the complaint the plaintiff
makes known the status of himself and
the various defendants in the community.
Then he enters into the law upon which
the right on the present suit will be prose
cuted. A synopsis of these points, which
cu\er several pages, brings the points up
and centers them on the validity and con
stitutionality of the special election by
virtue of which the Board of Freeholders,
which framed the charter, were chosen,
.-.'.ir. also the election at which the people
voted for and accepted the same. On this
point the complaint reads: "Plaintiff is
informed and believes and alleges that
the act of March 31, 1897, under which
f the special elections of December
27, 1597, and of May 26, 1898, were so as
aforesaid held, is unconstitutional and
void by reason that it is contrary to the.
provisions of section 6 of article 11
of the constitution of California, and is
also lor other reasons unconstitutional
and void." For these reasons it Is al
leged in tiie complaint that the approval
of the charter by the Legislature was il
legal, null and void and In consequence
the instrument Is not a charter of the
city and county, but in an Invalid Instru
ment, wholly illegal, null and void, and
of no force, or effect.
Notwithstanding the fact that the char
ter is void, the complaint continues. Ihe
defendants will proceed "> hold and con
duct the elections stated and will incur
expenses therefor exceeding the sum of
$35,000. which will he- allowed by the Au
ditor and paid by the Treasurer. Where
fore the plaintiff prays that the Mayor be
enjoined from issuing an election
proclamation as provided by the charter,
that the Election Commissioners he re-
Btralned from holding such elections and
that the Auditor and Treasurer be aIBO
Included in thp Hidgment of the court.
A. Ruef and Thnma? V. f'ator appear ;■. s
attorneys for Superintendent of Streets
Fragley. and John earner and E. S. Pllls-
Imry are associated as counsel. These
men are confident that under the points
named a successful fight against the
charter will be waged, notwithstanding
tho opinion of City and County Attorney
Lane, who Is a member of the Election
Commission, that the points are far
fetched and that the charter will stand
all assaults that may be made upon its
validity.
TROOPS FOR ALASKA.
Colonel Ray Will Leave for the North
With Two Companies.
Cnlnncl P. H. Ray. who commanded the
Third Volunteers In Cuba during the late
campaign, arrived In this city yesterday
en route to Alaska, where he goes to
take command of the ne>wly crr-ate-d De
partment of Alaska and establish military
posts at different places through the Ter
ritory. He will be accompanied into the
north by two companies of the Seventh
Infantry, now on the way to this city
from the East.
Colonel Ray is peculiarly fitted for the
duties to which he has been assigned, as
he has already made four trips of some
length into the heart of tde frozen north
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE «, 1899.
and is familiar with every foot of the
country made prominent by the mining
discoveries of the past two years. Colonel
Ray will be accompanied by his wife and
goes prepared to stay In the north for
Borne years to come. He is busy laying
in his supplies and getting together a saw
mill with which to cut timber for the
post houses which it will be necessary to
erect.
There Was No Quorum.
The trial of E. C. Kilpatrick, principal
of the Business Evening School, was set
for last nijrh.t. but it did not proceed.
Eight o'clock came and 8:30 and 9, and as
there was BtiH no quorum present the
meeting was abandoned. Ie Board of
Education will probably meet again this
week to take up the interrupted trial.
Democrats of the Twenty-Ninth.
At a meeting of the Regular Democratic
Club of the Twenty-ninth Assembly Dis
trict at its hall, corner Tehama and
CHOPS HER HUSBAND'S
HEAD WITH A HATCHET
MRS. ROSINA DE CICO'S Frantic De
fense of Her Children.
IN a moment of frenzy due to the belief that she was about to be deprived
of her three children. Mrs. Bosinade Cico yesterday afternoon attacked her
husband with an hatchet, inflicting two ugly scalp wounds. The assault
occurred in a house at 10 Hinekley alley and was witnessed by Police Offi
cer McMUrray and Victor Demartini. the official Italian interpreter.
After a short struggle the infuriated woman was disarmed and re
moved to the City Prison, where she was charged with an assault to commit
murder. Hor husband, who was rendered unconscious by the blows, was at
once taken to the Receiving Hospital. He was bleeding profusely froni the
wounds on his head and seemed to be fatally injured. Police Surgeon Weil
soon restored him to consciousness and after stitching the wounds allowed
him to leave the hospitnl.
Do Cico in broken English informed the Police Surgeon that his wife, evi
dently thinking that he wns about to take possession of their children, at
tacked him with the hatchet. "Several weeks ago," he explained, "my wife
and 1 had a row and she announced that she intended to leave me and take
the children with her. Wo were then living in Portland, and as I did not think
she meant what she said I paid no attention to hor threat. I went to my
work and on my return in the evening I was astounded to find that she was
fOOi BUS well as our children.
"I immediately started an investigation, with the result that I learned
that my wife had flown with Pasquel Fuego. who was a frequent visitor 10
my house. Anxious to regain possession of my children T consulted with the
Chief of Police- of Portland and he advised me to visit San Francisco, as I was
satisfied that my wife -and children had reached this city. I lost no time in
packing my grip and coming here, as I was determined to see my children,
even at the risk of my life. 1 reached the city Sunday evening and at once
communicated . with Chief Lees. After hearing my story he detailed Police
Officer Mr-Murray to assist mf. We had little difficulty in locating my wife
and children in a house on Hinckley alley. As we entered she seemed pleas
ant enough, and as I informed her that I intended to take the children away
she excused herself on the pea that she wanted to s^e a friend who lived In
the house, but promised to return in a few minutes. Shortly afterward the re
appeared armed with a hatchet. I was conversing with the police officer
when she sneaked up behind me and dealt me a blow on the head. As I stag
gered up against the wall she again struck me with the hatciiet. Evidently
realizing that she intended to kill me, Mr. Demartini seized her and after a
sharp struggle succeeded in disarming her. Fuego was in the rouse at the
time, but scenting trouble, coward that he is, he made his escape."
After locking the woman up, McMurray took the children to the City Pris
on, where they were placed in chirge> of the matron. To-day they will be pent
to some public lnstitutiem. The woman denies that she eloped with Fuego and
claims that she was drfven to leave her husband on account of his brutal treat
ment.
Fourth streets, a declaration of principles
was adopted. A resolution indorsing J.
D. Phelan was also adopted. It was or
dered that an election of executive com
mittee by the member? of each precinct <-f
the district take place at the next meet
ing on Monday. June \2.
A Beautiful Wedding.
A beautiful wedding took place last
Thursday, when William A. Logic. step
son of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Bocarde. was
married to Miss Estelle G. Thrasher of
Lynn, Mass., at 32:» Twenty-third street.
in this city, by Rev. J. George Gibson.
The bride was becomingly gowned in
white organdie over taffeta and carried
bribe's roses. The redding march was
rendered by T. P. Bannon and J. H. Tem
ple. After the ceremony, an elaborate
supper was served. The bride and groom
will leave this week for Chicago, where
they will reside.
Genuine Buckeye Mowers, the best.
Hooker & Co., San Francisco. •
SAFE AND LOCK
MAKERS FORM
ANOTHER TRUST
One More Monopoly
in Staples Created.
PRICES WILL NOT BE RAISED
THE HALL COMPANY IS THE
FATHER OF THE SCHEME.
Western Agents of the Eastern Man
ufacturers Get the News and
Immediately Combine Along
the Lines of Agreement.
And now the makers of safes and locks
have formed a trust. Its first Influence
was felt in San Francisco yesterday when
the Western agent? of the big vault and
lock making concerns of the East got the
word that war was over among them and
was to be thereafter waged solely against
their patrons.
Outside the insurance business there has
been no line of trade in which competi
tion was more bitter and more strongly
waged than in the selling of safes. The
Western agents of the different manufac
turers have had their agents and drum
mers in every town in the State. There
has been a cutting and a slashing of rates
that has made a safe as easy a thing to
buy as a sewing machine or piano at $10
down and $3 a week. Profits have got to
be a matter of unusual luck rather than
a legitimate result of fair trade, and up
to yesterday the safe and lock business
did not hold out as promising a future
as it once did.
For two weeks the formation of this
latest trust has been ifnmhient. Negotia
tions looking to it began in the East as
much as three months ago, but there were
two firms that held out against it.
Which ones they were the Western
agents decline to say, and, in fact, deny
that there has been any combination
at all.
On Saturday the stubborn members of
the combination came over and yesterday
the news was wired to this city. It
brought Immeasurable relief. Ever since
the deal was first announced the local
agents have been calling in their drum
mer and holding them at home at consid
erable expense. Business has been at a
standstill and there has been nothing save
expense and anxiety as to the probable
outcome.
The local agents decline to be inter
viewed on the proposition. Colonel Giest
ing, manager of the Hall Safe and Lock
Company, which made the rirst proposal
for the formation of the trust, denies hav
ing heard anything of it. His junior part
ner, however, is not so cautious in his
statements and admitted yesterday that
the projected trust was an accomplished
fact. He said, however, that the combina
tion would result in no Increase in prices,
but solely In an economy in working and
selling expenses.
Sent Up for Six Months.
Louis L. Starr, «. young man who made
It a practice to order a sewing machine
and sell it without paying for it. pleaded
guijty to petty larceny in Judge Graham's
court yesterday, and the Judge sent him
to the County Jail for six months. A
number of complaints had been made
against him to the pulice.
Advanced to Priesthood.
Ordination services will be held at the
Church of St. John the Evangelist, corner
of Valencia and Fifteeenth streets, to
morrow, commencing at 11 o'clock a. m.,
when the Rev. J. P. Turner. M. A., will be
DO YOU NEED AN ELECTRIC BELT?
j, \\.i\|/// i Are you weak, nervous, debilita-
\A^/^^lW-^'M»^ v '^S'<ii</ ted? Have you Pains in the back?
. N -*>^ v^rttfv\^W^V^ißw' i| Hav e you. pains anywhere? If so,
"^C^V§M^\^m^vlS^l^\^ stop drugging and try electricity.
mS^\^^^^r<^^^^m lt " puts life lnto ■ all weak
m»>ar^^^^T*^tV?ws^^H parts find drives away pain as if
IKP^K^ ' **♦ "f>' v^3B hv magic. The best way to use
HBR>-O i ■■' ••■-: •-»- '__^r-^iqffiH electricity is by means of a good
wßjft^fOv^ electric Belt, and everybody knows
that " Dr ' Pierce s " ls the best s ßel t
X rlPKT^f^s^ Prices VERY REASONABLE.
TNij/i<l\A /*/%"'■ V' "^\yr\^ We also have a Belt for $3 60. the
I Ti?p 1 ! V-^Vmi I^l.- Vir- v same kind that others sell at from
'r \ ' "^r : j * ■"" $10 to $20. If you require relief call
' / '*^j|wf-7*-- ~ ■ . and see us or send .; 2 cents in
" / i^> Ty l "- .'■■ . stamps for our "Booklet No. 2."
■ t \\i\ Address.
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, .Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal
advanced to the priesthood by thee Right
Rev. W. F. Nichols, bishop of California.
Mr. Turner graduated in 1535 from Bish
ops' College. Lennox fclle, Quebec, one of i
the leading universities of Canada, after
which he came to the Pacific Coast and
took a three-year divinity course at Sin
Mateo. During the past year Mr. Turner
haa been professor of Latin, Greek and
history at Trinity School, and assistant ;
minister at St. John's Church. The ser
mon on the occasion will be preached by
Bishop Nichols.
JOE CORBETT TO
"SIGN" FOR LIFE
Will Wed Miss Elizabeth
Mahoney To-Morrow
Evening.
Joseph A. Corhett has announced to his
friends that to-morrow evening he will
renounce the shallow joys of bachelordom
and let Miss Elizabeth Mahoney make '
him the happiest of men.
That Corbett was affianced to Miss
Mahoney has been known for some time
to the intimate friends of the young
couple, but the existence of the engage
ment was formally announced only yes
terday. Miss Mahoney, the fair bride to
be, is a popular and charming young lady,
the daughter of Jeremiah Mahoney. the
contractor and builder and member of the
firm Mahoney Bros.
Mr. Corbett is well and favorably known
here, and enjoys a national reputation as
an erstwhile pitcher of the National
Baseball League. Of late, however, the
prospective groom has not given any at
tention to the national game, but has
devoted himself entirely to the continu
ance of the business established by his
father.
The wedding, which has been set for to
morrow evening at the residence of the
bride's parents, 540 Page street, will be,
owing to the recent death of Mr. Corbett's
parents, a very quiet affair, and only the
relatives and intimate friends of the
young couple have been invited.
■ ♦ ■ .
BIGAMIST GRIGSBY CAPTURED.
Clever Bit of Detective Work by Post
office Inspector Erwin in Tracing
the Much-Married Man.
Willis O. Grigsby, bigamist, has been
lecated^and arrested through the clever
detective work of Postoffice Inspector
Erwin of this citj. Grigsby, while a gay
soldier boy, married three consecutive
■wives without going through the formali
ty of potting a divort-e from the old be
fore taking on the new, and«he State
courts are waiting for him. Then wife
No. 3. chagrined on finding that she was.
only third choice and in the list of those
who "also ran," went before the Federal
Grand Jury and procured the indictment
of the military Don Juan for using official
envelopes without a postage stamp, the
offense being a misdemeamor.
A day or two ago Mrs. Grigsby the third
received a letter from the man who won
her heart. The letter she took to In
spector Erwin arid told the inspector that
she had promised to give the story to the
papers it the inspector would kindly de
cipher the blurred postmark and inform
her of the place from which the letter had
come. The inspector was wroth that Mrs.
Grigsby should have given the tip to the j
papers* and thus set Grigsby on His guard.
But he took the letter and was able to
decipher "gan" and "Col." He searched
through the records of postoffices in
Colorado and found that there was one
at the military post of Fort Logan, and he
telegraphed to the commander of the
post a full description of the missing
man. Mr. Erwin received a telegram in
reply late yesterday afternoon to the
effect that Grigsby had enlisted under
the name of "York," and that he had
been turned over to the custody of the
United States Marshal.
Grigsby will be brought here to stand
trial before the State court for bigamy,
and the United States court for using an
official envelope for private business.
OPENED TELEPHONE BOXES.
George Peacock, an Employe of the
Telephone Company, Arrested.
George Peacock, an operator employed
by the Bell Telephone Company, was
taken ihto custody last night by Detective
Georg« McMahon and placed in tho j
"tanks" of the City Prison, and to-day a
charge of burglary will be placed against
his name.
The prisoner has been suspected for
some time of having helped himself to the
contents of telephone receivers and De
tective McMahon was placed on the case.
He trailed Peacock around town, and
when the latter pntered the Fauntlerojr
House on Stockton street the detective
followed him upstairs. He saw his prey
unlock the receptacle and extract 52 85
from it. He then placed him under ar
rest. His name was entered on the "small
book" at the prison.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Joseph K. Ellsworth has filed suit
against his wife. Mary Ellsworth, for di
vorce, alleging desertion as a cause of ac
tion. Minnie C. Malatesta asks for a di
vorce from Henry R. Malatesta, on the
ground of failure to provide.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IlilSYEßSljSnj
i Specialists for Ailments of Men 1
iDR, MEYERS & COT
Specialists for Ailments of Men
' PAT WfllH CTJHKj |j
Patients can arrange 13
] to pay when cured, or El
. pay in monthly or if
| weekly installments. E|
111 I CONSULTATION TVLEZ ill | l|
I FREE BOOH-HOME CURES. I
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and tors fe
i BE a great many men every year without H
' I seeing them. Sufferers who cannot call p
I should write for their book, "MAR- I
■ RIAGE GUIDE: PRIVATE CO UN- 0
| Q EELOR FOR MEN," symptom blanks. C
! I prices and full particulars of their won- H
I derful Home-Cure System. pj
731 MARKET ST. I
BAN r&AHCI3CO. Tftke Editor. H
AMUoEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. ■ Friedlander, Manager.
La positive triumph...
] ECLIPSED ANY OPERA PERFORMANCE
Ever Given in San Francisco.
...TO-NIGHT...
Gounod's Masterpiece,
REPETOIKE FOR THE WEEK:
Wednesday '. -LUCIA"
Thursday "NORMA"
Friday "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
i ..." ...And "I PAGLIACCI"
i Saturday Matinee "LUCIA"
I Saturday : "RIGOLETTO"
RESERVED SEATS,
Ground Floor $1. $150
Balcony ...' 50c, Toe and $100
: Gallery 25c
Box and Loge Seat*, each — $150
«P^^\l 1 1 EMI BOfc tut
Received With Every Sign of
APPROBATION.
| KELCEY= SHANNON CO
IN THE
v, NEW COMEDY.
BY MRS. E. F. RIGGS.
: NOTE— For Prize Title See To-night's Bul-
! letin. ■: /. w y_ _____
I :,-V EXTRA— GREAT EVENT.
j NEXT MONDAY NIdHT
Mr. Charles Frohman Presents
MR. IitNRY ft ILLER
I AND A SPECIAL COMPANY. s
I In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
"THE LIARS!"
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532.
A GREAT LYRIC VICTORY!
AN IMMENSE AUDIENCE
HELD WILLING CAPTIVES.
ALL THIS WEEK AND
SATURDAY MATINEE.
GRAND DOUBLE BILL.
GRAND DOUBLE SUCCESS.
THE PIRATES of PENZANCE
AND
1 PAGLIACCI.
In English.
Reserved seats, 25 and 50 cents; gallery, 16
cents.
Branch Box Just inside main entrance Em-
porium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
APPLAUDED TO THE ECHO! -
. Scenic Revival of Johann Strauss' Masterpiece,
The Merry War
AN IMMENSE OVATION TO
Everybody's Favorite,
GRACIE PLAISTED.
SUPERB CAST! SPLENDID SCENERY!
CORRECT COSTUMES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
NEXT MONDAY— FILLE DE MA-
DAME ANGOT."
PRICES 25 Cents and 50 Cent*
Telephone, Bush 9.
JOHNSTONS BENNETT'S VAUDEVILLW
CELEBRITIES IN CONJUNCTION
WITH OKPHEUM STARS.
JOHNSTONE BENNETT,
Assisted by ANTONIO WILLIAMS, in "A
QUIET EVENING AT HOME."
The Mysterious! The Mystifying!
HOUDINI.
And MLLE. BEATRICE HOUDINI.
McAVOY AND MAY. Cyclonic Comedians.
CASWELL AND ARNOLD, Comedy Acrobat*.
i CLIFFORD AND HUTH. HENRI FRENCH,
! / MOUNG TOON. MONTGOMERY
AND STONE.
Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
! and Opera Chairs, 50c.
ALCAZAR
Curtain Rises Promptly at 8.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
LEWIS MORRISON,
IN HIS GREAT CREATION,
HAMLET.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES _.Isc, 25c, 35c, 5Dc.
' Next LEWIS MORRISON in : "THE
I MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
CONCERTS AND JtiESORTS.
DdIUC GREAT REALISTIC
Q ' WAR PANORAMA!
i OT **"'• W - °- ROLLINS.
I V the eminent orator.
* m _• m lectures half hourly.
iYlcinilcl ** rket •*•• ° r ■»«»»**.
Admission 50c.
S> t Children 25c.
Bay! : >;:i:jr - n
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM I A. M TO P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 'IOc: CHILDREN. sc.
Bathing. Including Admission. 25c; Children. Ma.
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET?
Silver declined.
New York Exchange lower.
Wheat till unsettled.
Other cereals dull.
Slight advance in Hay.
Feedstuff! unchanged.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes lower again.
Vegetables about th» same.
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Larger arrivals, of Fruit.
Provisions unchanged.
Meat marker undisturbed.
Butter steady and Cheese weak.
. Fine Eggs firm.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 6. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 52; Fresno. 54; Los Angelee. 68; Red
Bluff. 86; San Luis Obispo. 70; San Diego, 64;
Sacramento. v *: Independence, S6.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
65; minimum, .'.O: mean, SS.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
sou then half of, the Pacific slope and has risen
over the northern half. A depression of some
depth overlies Eastern California,
The temperature has risen over Central Cali
fornia and has fallen decidedly over Northern
Nevada and Northern Utah. In the Sacra
mento and San Joaquin valleys the tempera
tures are from 3 to 10 degrees above the nor
mal.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka, 38 miles per hour from the
northwest: Wlnnemucca, £8 from the north;
Pa:; Lake City. 42 from the north; Idaho Falls,
52 from the north; Baker City, 26 from the
north.
A trace of rain is reported at Los Angreles.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 6. IM>9:
Northern Call forriia— Cloudy Tuesday; cooler
In the central portion; fresh northerly winds
in the interior, high westerly winds on the
coast.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday; probably showers in the
mountains; fresh northwesterly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday; probably showers
in the mountains.
I'tah— Cloudy and unsettled Tuesday; prob
ably t^howers.
Arizona— Cloudy and unsettled Tuesday; light
ph«wcrs in the mountains; cold in the north.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday;
cooler: brisk westerly winds with fog in the
morning. ALEXANDER Me A DIE.
Forecast Official.
__ m
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June s.— The professional trad
ers on the Stock Exchange made industrious
attempts all day to get into the current of
speculation. But as a matter of fact there
was almost no current to sneak of. so that the
hoard room traders found themselves drifting
and floundering in stagnant waters. They
changed Bides several times in the dull mar
ket, and the net changes on the day are con
sequently unimportant outside a few of the
specialties, though the general average of prices
tis notably lower The opening showed declines
under the influence of the heaviness in the for
eign markets, on account of the disturbed state
of affairs in France. Sugar and a nurnwr <n
other specialties were attacked and the bears
also had their side a falling off in the east
bound tonnage from Chicago, a decrease in
Rock Island's net earnings for April and re
newed strength in the wheat market. The mani
fest distiosition of a bull party to take up a
group of iron and steel stocks on account of the
extraordinary prosperity in that trade served
to check the decline. The Urge receipts of
wheat at interior points offset the fears of
1 Top damage and a .-•Tie? of good returns on
current traffic of various railroads also helped
to strengthen the stocks of those properties
The local stocks showed a disposition to ad
vance and it looked like the Inauguration of a
hull movement, when the break in Sugar awak
ened uneasiness and the making of commit
ments on the lons Bide WHS put a stop to.
There was .thine notable in the trading there
after. The extreme break In Sugar was 7 points
and the rally on covering caused some harden
ing in •'•!- genera] list. The recovery In Sugar
amounted to 2\, the net loss being 2\. Na
tional Steel. Pressed Steel Car and Tennessee
Coal and Iron held their advance rather better
than the other steel stocks. There was a
spresd in the American Smelting stocks, the
common weakening sharply, while the pre
ferred advanced over a point The plethoric
condition of the money market, the good rail
way earnings reported and the general activity
and prosperous conditions In all general chan
nels of trade are accepted as causing increased
vnlues to securities. But the sugar trade war
and other possibilities fa setback to the
highly speculative stocks as well as the mani
fest disposition to renew an unbridled specula
tion in th» securities if the new and untried in
dustrials combinations begets distrust and hesi
tation on the part of the capitalists. i
Prices were much metter maintained In the
bond market than in the stock market, but
business in that department was also small. \
Total sales, par value, J1, 990,000. United States
old fours coupon advanced i. and the threes
and the new fours \* in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day amounted to
392,007 shares, Including American Steel and
Wire. 51,700; American Sugar, .S3, ' ■■'. American
Tobacco. 32f<0: Atchison preferred, 18,400; Rrook
lyn Hapid Transit, 2*,000; Chicago, Burlington
and Qulncy. 9900; Chicago, Rock island and Pa
cific, £500; Consolidated Gas. 5500; Continental -
Tobacco, 6100; Federal Steal, 21,400; Federal
Steel preferred, 4300; Manhattan, MOO; Metropo
litan. :>2w; Missouri Pacific, 2900; National
Steel. 9200: Northern Pacific. 5900;. People's Gas.
f-2(.i0; Union Pacific. 7900; Union Pacific pre
ferred. 3900: Rubber. 3100; Western Union. 5200.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 17%, St Paul 123 Vi
Do prefd '■"•'* Do prefd 170V4
Baltimore * Ohio. £2% St P & Om 95
Canada Pacific tuvsi I>" prefd 170
Canada Southern.. ."2V2 So Railway lOT-j
Cent Pac r.o"i' Do prefd 49.;
Chea & Ohio "4',; Texas it Pacific... 174
Chi &■ Alton fi- iL'nlon Pacific 40>4
Chi B& Q US=!g Do prefd 73%
Chi & E 111 734 Wabash 7%
Do prefd 124 Do prefd lr-f,
'hi G W m; Wheel & I. E .... VA
Chi Ind & L, 9 I Do 2d prefd ....23
Do prefd 41 Express Companies —
hi & N W 1?2<4 Adams Ex lit
Do prefd .... — 192 American Ex 135
CCCiSt'L'... 524 United States .... 47
Do prefd .'.. BTVi Wells Fargo 12»
Del & Hudson ... 117% Miscellaneous — !
Del L & W 164 A Cot Oil 34'-
Den & Rio (i 22 : Do prefd 90
Do prefd 76 Amn Spirits 914 '
Erie new 124 ; Do prefd 28
Do Ist i refd .... 34 Am Tobacco • 94% ;
Ft Wayne l-t I Do prefd 140
Gt Nor prefd 166 ,Cons Gas 166 l
Illinois Cent 113 Com Cable Co 175
Lake Erie & W.... 16 Col F & Iron 44% i
Do prefd 87 I Do prefd 1064
Lake Shore 20?.'- Gen Electric 1174
■ Louis <£ Nash — 66% Haw Coml Co 110 I
Manhattan L 10794 Fed Steel s:' l
Met St Ry 21." Do prefd Sl»4 i
Mich Cent 113 Intnl Paper 424
Minn &■ St L 56 Do prefd 79
Do Ist prefd .... 9214 Laclede Gas .... 62
Mo Pacific ........ 40 Lead 254
Mobile & Ohio — 37 ' Do prefd ... . 110
M' X & T 11% Brooklyn n T 109%
Do prefd ........ 31* Nat Lin Oil 4
N .! Central ... 115 I Pacific Mall 47
N v Central ...... 129';; People's Gas 117 |
V V Chi &St L.... 13 Pullman Pal .. ] 7
Do Ist prefd .... 63 (Silver Cert 604
Po td prefd ... 30 Standard R& T .. 74 \
Nor West 20% Sugar '. 142% I
No Amer Co U'4 Do prefd 118% i
No Pacific 40Vi r C & Iron 63
Do prefd 2-W, U S Leather =,-„
Ontario & W 25% Do prefd .. 69V
Or R & Nay pfd. 6'.i ,U B Rubber 51*
Pac Coast Ist pdf. 83 Do prefd 1151,
Do 2d prefd —56 West Union .... ■■
Pittsburg IS4 Amn S& W C 0.... 624
Reading 20 Do prefd 564
Do Ist prefd —57 Colo So 5
H G W '...33 ! Do Ist prefd .... 42
Do prefd 77 I Do 2.1 prefd 18
Rock Island 100' i Pa'c Coast 3314
St I. * S F 104 Nor *• W prefd .. 68
Do prefd 69 Glucose 654
Do 2d prefd .... 354 Nat Steel 49%
?t L & S W 12'/4l Do«prefd SO4
Do prefd 31*« Con Tobacco 44%
So Pacific 30% I. prefd 81*4
CLOSING BONDS.
U 32f re* 100 M K& T 2ds 66%
Do 3r reg 1094 Do 4s .-... gj«
Do 3s coup 1094 N V Cent lsts llji
Do new 4s reg 120% N.T Cent gen .121',
Do new 4s c0up. .130% No Carolina 6s. . 12}
Do old 4s reg 112 - Do 4h 104
Do old 4s coup US*; No Pacific lsts 112
Do 5f reg 112% Do 3s 87 1 -*
Do :.f coup 112** Do 4s 'lOfil
DIM of C 3. 605... '..1184 N V C & St L 45...107' i
Alabama class A. .112% Nor & W con 45... fioij
Do class B 11l Do Re 6s . 132
Do class C 100 • Oregon -Nay 15t5. ..113
Do Currency 100 Do 4s 102%
Atchlson gen 4s — K<3»,i , Oregon 8L 6s 1324
Do adj'4s >>£*>} \ Do con 5s 113^
Canada So 2ds 11l ; Reading gen 4s M)
"*hes & Ohlo4Vss... 944 Rio Q W lsts 100«
Do Ss Hi* I3t L& 1 M con ss.Hl '■
Chi & N W con 7R.144 jSt L& 8 F gen 65. 12654
Do B P deb 55...122 I ,i'St Paul con m>
Chicago Term 4g...102»i 8t P C & P 15t5. .124 '
D*n & Rio G lsts..lOC'4| Do £. B 123% :
Do 45.. 103V4 So Railway 5s 110?
F T V & G Uts...lOs?i!Stand R & T «*... S3
Brie gen 4s 73 ' Term new set 35... 95 i
'" W* D C lsts... S3 Tex & Pacific lsts.USU '
Gen Electric G5....118 Do 2ds 56'
O U A B A 65.. ....112 lUnlon Pacific 45...10S
Do 2ds v.111% vVabash lsts 1174
U * T Css 113 ! Do 2ds - 9D'i :
Do con 6s 11l West Shore 4s 1111,4
lowa Cent lsts 113% Wls Cent lsts 74
KCp & G Ist*... G5 Va Centuries 84
La new con 4s UC^i Do-Deferred 8 •
L & N unified 45... »8% Colo Southern 45.. 87%
" MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 29 Ontario 7 75
Crown Point 38 Ophir I 00
Con Cal & V 1 55 1 Plymouth .......... 10
Peadwood 50 Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 27! Do prefd. 7 00
Hale & Norcross.. 31 Sierra Nevada • 70
Homestake 60 00 Standard 2 "J5
Iron Sliver .' 55 1 Union Con -■> |
Mexican 101 Yellow Jacket 21 i
; BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— [Union Land 7
•ill! loans 3 @4 (West End 93
Time loans rs>-'o4'. 2 . Do prefd 116
Stocks— jWestinghouse Hi.. 4*
I Men Top &St Fe. 17. Do prefd 63
■ Do prefd 54% ; ■ Bonds —
' American Sugar. .l 42 Atchlson 4s I"! 1 *
Do prefd IIS i Mining Shares
. Bell Telephone 33£ Adventure 10%
i Boston & Albany. .2sß Allouez Mm Co TVi
Boston Elevated... 1054 Atlantic : 29
■ Boston & Maine. ..IS2 I Boston & Mont — 325
■hi Bur & Q 129 Riitte & 805t0n.... '.i l t
! Ed Kief 111 :.200 : Calumet & Hecla..SW
■ Fitchburg prefd... 116(4 Centennial 33
Gen Electric 117*. Franklin 19
1 Federal Steel 69 .Humboldt *
Do pre£d SIM :Osceola M
i Mexican Central... 12&jParrott 65
• Michigan Tel 94 Qutncy 190
\ YA N E prtfd.lOU Santa Fe Copper.. 12
Old Colony 204 jTamarack 212
Did Dominion 37 JWinona 14
Rubber sr-jiUtah 3s<h
Union Pacific. 4.'V
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June s.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were firm at the opening to
day, but heavy at the close on free sales from
Paris, accompanied by the rumors that two
generals had been arrested. This report was
not confirmed, but consols went down three
quarters. Americans were firm but neglected,
but hardened slightly on New York buying.
They dropped at the close. Spanish 4's were
weak at 64^, on the sale of the Caroline Islands.
Tint '« were 46'^: Anacondas, 11 1-16; Utahs, S.
Twelve thousand pounds sterling gold in bars
was bought by the bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON. June s.— Canadian Pacific," 102%;
Northern Pacific preferred, 77%; Union Pacific
preferred, 76> 4 : Grand Trunk, 8; Anacondas, 11;
bar silver quiet, 27 i «d per ounce; money, I 1 ,*
per cent.
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, June s.— Money on call, steady
at 2ff2Vj per cent: last loan, 2: prime mercantile
paper, SM9H per cent; sterling exchange steady,
with actual business in bankers" bills at $4 *7-%
(34 88 for demand and at $4 B5V»@4 BJ?i for sixty
days; posted rates, J4 SG l j@'4 '" and $4 -:', com
mercial bills. $4 84 s i«i4 85%; silver certificates,
i'-->\ ■!•■!■■;. . bar silver. 60% c; Mexican dollars,
4SHc: Government bonds, strong; State bonds,
easy; railroad bonds, firm.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June s.— FLOUß— Receipts,
19.632; exports, 11.246 barrels. Quiet and steady,
except for spring bakers which exhibited
strength on lisrht offerings. Minnesota patents,
$4 ini?T4 20; Minnesota bakers. $3f3 25.
WHEAT— 198,628 bushels; exports,
138,092 bushels. Spot weak; No. 2 red, 84% c,
spot and to arrive f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red.
82Hc elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, S4V
f. o. b. afloat spot. Options opened strong in
fluenced by higher cables, foreign buying and
local covering. A reaction followed, In which
heavy unloading occupied a prominent place,
supplemented by big receipts, heavy visil>l«
supply increase and reported rains in R.OU
manla. closed weak at a partial %c net de
cline. July, 82@83%c, closed BJV4c; September,
sCVi/rif^c. closed S2%c; Dei •■■:'•■■ ■ ■
closed S3N(e.
METALS— In no respect was the mat of
to-day different from that of last Friday.
Business was 1 about at a standsill and prices
about unchanged. No news of Importance. At
the close the Metal Exchange called: «
PIG IRON— Warrants quiet- at 512 nominal.
LAKE COPPER— DuII, at $18 50 nominal.
TlN— Dull, with $2;i 55 bid and ?25 6". asked.
• LEAD— with J4 15 bid and M 60 asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged at $>; 75 nominal. The
brokers' price for lead is $4 25 and for copper
|18 50.
COFFEE— Options closed 6 to 10 points net
lower. Sales. 15,750 bags. Including July.s4 .'■'■:
September, $4 96; October, $5; November, &«£
: 05: December. $5 30; March. $5 45©a 50; May,
$5 55(^5 60. Spot Rio, weak. Mild. easy
SUGAR— Raw strong, held higher; refined
firm
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES- Steady.
WOOL-Quiet.
CUT MEATS Str-ady.
BUTTER— Receipts. 15.904 packages, steady;
Western creamery. loigsiS^c factory, U%@l3VtC.
EGGS— Receipts, 12.792 packages, firm; West
ern, U'oHNo; Southern, l"Ks;i2Vic.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June '..—The start In wheat rather
favored the bulls Foreign markets showed
good advances. There was the usual selling
by tongs satisfied with their profits, but the
strength of the foreign markets was influential
enough to create a »-"• ■■! buying demand and
for th*> first half hour trading »i< quite active.
After that, however, new fad cam- into
the market of a distinctly bearish color and
prlce6 suffered In consequence^ Crop reports
throughout 'the West and Northwest were In
the main decidedly favorable, those from the
Northwest 'predicting the largest crop in ye.-irs.
Weather conditions were also more favorable.
ITie severest blows have come from the visible
supply figures. These showed an increase of
1.803,000 bushels. .As a substantial decrease
had been looked for the announcement brought
large quantities .of long wheat Into the mar
ket. Final {trices were hut a sh;ide above th"
lowest of the dny. July opened at 78>4c, com
pared with ll\<(!~Zii , the closing pi ii Satur
day. It sold Immediately at TR'v, then gradu
ally declined to 7* : '»'\ closing at 7l>i«c.
Corn wan moderately active. The market
was affected by the exceptionally favorable
crop* reports and ruled weak almost from the
start, closing at ! «<" decline.
.Oats were fairly active- and weak. The mar
ket, like corn, was Influenced by the favorable
crop conditions and the wheat weakness, the
good cash demand not having enough influence
to sustain prices. July lost Vie.
Provisions were dull and steady. There was
pome selling influenced by the grain weakness.
Shorts absorbed all offerings and prices fluctu
ated hut little. Hog prices were fairly steady.
July pork closed a shade higher, July lard 2V4c
higher and July ribs .i shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Ix»w. Close.
Wheat- No. 8—
July 78% > ; 2 76% "614
September 79% "»H 77' 2 77%
December 80% 10% 78% 78^
Corn No, 2— . \
July 34% 24% 33% 33%
September ..' 34% 34% 33% 344
December 33*» 34 33% 33\
Oats. No. 2 —
July 23% 23*4 23 23*4
September 2T»i 20% 20% 20%
Mess Pork, p*r barrel-
July 8 20 8 20 8 15 S 20
September «35 8 37% 8 ,';.' -2 iBS
Lard, per 100 pounds— ■
July 5 02% 5 02% 500 5 02%
September 5 17% 5 17% 6 12% 515
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 465 4«5 4 62% 465
September 4 77% 4 77% 475 . 4 77%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 77c; No.
3 spring wheat,' 73%©76% c; No. 2 red, f. 0 b.,
75c; No. 2 corn. f. o. b., 33\>i?:Mc; No. 2 yellow,
34 1 -4(534 I 2 No. 2 oats. 24% c; No. 3 white. 27<i
(&2Sc; No. 2 rye. SSc; No. 2 barley, f. o. b , 9i\j
@3S%c: No. 1 flaxseed. $100%; Northwest, $10*,;
prime timothy seed, $2 30; mess pork, per bar
rel, IS 10S8 15: lard, per lrtO pounds, $4 &7%tiT>;
short rib sides, loose, 54 4. r ,'rM 70; dry Baited
shoulders, boxed, 4*t,fj4"^c; short clear sides.
$4 SOS'S; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
gallon, 11 26; sugar, rut loaf, 6.02 c; granulated,
I Me. ' ■•
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13.00-1 16,000
Wheat, bushels 78,000 &3.0K)
Corn, bushels 555,000 548.000
Oats, bushels 480,000 ' 30"j,000
Rye, bushels 4,000 .700
Barley, bushels 15.000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries. 13%@17%c; dair
ies, • 10@16c. Cheese, easier, %\i.<Bß\c. Eggs,
firm; fresh. 12r.
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 6% 6 1%
Closing 6 1 62
;,• ■ PARIS FUTURES.
"Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 20 40 20 70
Closing 20 50. 20 90
Flour-
Opening 43 65 . 28 3$
| Closing 43 75
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit . Company realized th" follow
ing prices for California fruit sold at auction:
CHICAGO, June s.— Bigareau Cherries, $1 SMI
1 75. average $147: Black Tartarian, SOcigll 60,
average $1 37: Royal Anne, average $1 27; Cly
man Plum*.' $1 25@1 40, average $1 3S; Alexandr,-
Peaches, $1 15@1 45. average *1 30. Four cars
sold.
NEW YORK, June s.— Tragedy Prunes, aver
age $4 50; Royal Cots, $2 65@3 12. average $3 03;
Clyman Plums, $1 35<J?2. ; average $1 71; Alex
ander Peaches, $1 20@l 66, average $1 3«; Royal
'Anne Cherries, average $1 M£l 53; Centennial,
$! 40@l S6. average $1 43; Bigereau, $1 05®l 40.
average $124; Black Republican. average $111;
Black Tartarian, average ■$1 25; Governor
Wood, average $1 10: Black Oregon, average
$1 04. Five care sold. •■•■•'•
ROSTON, June s.— Royal Cots, SI 70<g2 05,
average $2 53: . Clyman Plums, average $160;
Alexander Peaches, average $1 37: Royal Anne
j Cherries. $1 40@"3 10. average $1 63; Blgareau.
■ average $1 45; Centennial, average $1 42; Black
I Tartarian, average $1 30. Three cars sold. .
i CHICAGO, June California • fruit sold to-
I day: Plums— Japans, $3 15 per single
crate; Abundance, $3 15; Clymans. $l@2; Yo
*abe, $1 90; Royal Hatlve, $1 26(31 46. Prunes—'
: .- ■: ■ ■
THE SAN FKA^CISCO CALL, TUESDAY. JUNE 6, 1899.
Tragedys. $3 16 per single crate. Apricots—
Royal. $1 55#1 90 per single crate; »ee.dllng,
$1 40@l 55. Peaches— Alexander, 70c@$l 75 per
box and $1 40 for single crates; Briggs' May.
$1 352/1 45 per box. Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 50
per box; Black Oregons, $1; Tartarlans, 95c(3U.
NEW YORK. June California fruit sold
to-day: Tragedy prunes averaged $4 50: Royal !
.Apricots, $2 65(33 12; flyman plums. $1 35@2; i
Alexander peaches. II 20<?fl 65; Royal Anne cher
ries. J135®153: Centennial, U40@185; Blgar
reau, $1 0601 40; black Republican averaged
$1 11; black Tartarlans averaged $1 25; Gov
ernor Wood averaged $1 10.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. June s.— Ordinary grass cattle were
lower to-day,, the supply being liberal and
buyers being reluctant to pay previous quota
tion. Choicer grades, however, were In good
demand and most offerings of that class were
disposed of. Fancy beeves, $5 60@5 70; good to
choice, $5 lOigS 55; commoner grades, $4 50@5 05;
feeding rattle, $3 75@5 15;; bulls, cows and
heifers. $2 26©5 10. the latter price for fancy |
heifers; calves, $4@7; Western fed steers, $4 70g> j
5 40.
HOGS— Heavy were 2'4c lower, while choice I
light weights were 2Hc higher. Lights, $3 60@ j
3 S3: heavy hogs at $3 45@3 80; pigs, $3 35@3 60;
culls, $1 60®3 50.
The sheep market was somewhat demoralized.
Receipts were heavy and buyers took hold
sparingly, the results being a range of prices
about 2.'c lower. Choice Colorado wooled lambs,
$5 9098; cropped. 13 '.i«si3 55 for Inferior to good; j
spring lambs. $6@7; sheep. $3 Bo®6 10.
Receipts— 19,500; hogs, 40,000; sheep,
19,000.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June Consols, 108 13-16; silver. i
27Vi; French rentes, lOlf 95c;. wheat cargoes off ,
coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, sell- !
ers asking advance: No. 1 standard Califor- |
j nia, 29s M: cargoes Walla Walla, 295: Eng- j
i lish country markets, steady: import into i
United Kingdom, wheat, 347,000: Import into j
United Kingdom, flour. 133,000; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom.' 3,44o,ooo; wheat
and Hour on passage to Continent. 1,830.000; In- ;
i dian shipments wheat to United Kingdom, 76.- |
I 000; Indian shipments wheat to Continent, 27.- 1
000.
LIVERPOOL, June s.— Wheat, firm; wheat in '
Paris, firm: flour in Paris, firm; French coun- i
try markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.'
WHEAT— Spot,. No. 2 red Western winter, 6s; ;
No. 1 red Northern Duluth, firm. 6a V*<l; No.
1 California, no stock. Futures— Steady July, ]
6s Id: September, 6b 2d.
CORN— Spot, American mixed new, firm. Ss I
S a ;d; American mixed ol^. firm. 3s 6d. Fu- |
tures—Steady; June, 3s s>4d; July, 3s jV,d.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, June s.— The statement of the
supp ly of grain in store and afloat, on Satur
day. June 3, as compiled by the New York Pro
duce Exchange, is as follows: Wheat, 6.158,000
bushels; increase, 1,993,000. Corn. 13,357,000 |
bushels; decrease, 418.000. Oats. 8,221,000
bushels; increase, ' 438,000. Rye, 932.000 bushels; ,
Increase. 243,000. Barley, l lt n2 > 000 bushels; de- !
crease, 113,000.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, June 5. — To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
; able cash balance, $270,615,078; gold reserve, [
! $230,604,412.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.', June Clearings, J353,
--741; balances, $44,384. .
NORTHERN WHEAT" MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June s.— Fifty-nine cents
. was freely quoted for Walla Walla wheat to
day, with reports that a shade lower was be
ing paid Valley continues unchanged at 59??
, >'■•'• : blue stem is easy at 61c, with the demand
In poorer proportion than for Walla Walla.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June s.— There was no change in
wheat quotations to-day from the closing
prices '■<■ last week. Club remains at bSVic;
• blue stem, 61Vsc.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — {4 56%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, night — 12 !
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49 1 4*» "
Fine Silver, per ounce — go%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Chicago advanced from 77% c to'
7Sf*c at the opening, owing to continued hull j
news from abroad, th» Roumanian crop being
reported destroyed. There ,-. ere frosts In Mani
toba and continued rains In the Northwest.
Foreigners were liberal buyers,. Later on. how
ever, profit taking by the long* eased the mar
ket, and the Increase of 2,000,000 bushels In the
visible supply started heavy local selling and
the market broke to 76% c The close was
heavy.
The local mark-' followed Chicago up and
down, as usual. Spot quotations were un
changed.
ISpoi Wheat— Shipping, II 07%@l 10; milling
$1 12^1 13V
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— ":l3 o'clock — December
IK.OM ctls. $1 21%. 8000, SI 81%; 88.000, $1 21H- •
Second -• ■ December 20,000 ctls. ii"! 1-,
--12,000. $1 21V
Regular Morning Session— ctls, 1121%:
20.000, $1 21. May— 4ooo. $1 25
Afternoon Session — December -35.000 ctls, SI 21. !
HARLEY— The market whs quiet. A car of
new Feed, light weight, sold at $1.
Feed, $I#l '•:>,; Brewing, $1 10<Sl 12% per
ctl.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Second Session— No Bales.
Regular Horning Session — Seller '99 new—
2000 1 tls, M-V'. 10.000, ■■•".
Afternoon Session— 2ooo tl», $7%c; 4000, Sac.
OATS— Previous prices rule, with a dull mar
ket.
fancy Feed. $1 47%@1 50 per etl; good to
choice, Jl 42%#1 47%; common, $1 32%'31 40; j
Surprise, $1 60@l 55; Gray. 51 35(^1 45; Milling, 1
Ji 45-31 50 per ctl; Red, |1 Zo@l 40; Black, $1 30
©1 32%.
CORN—
Small round Yellow, II 30@l 32%; Eastern
large Yellow. II 12%; White. }1 15@1 17%;
mixed. $1 10 per ctl; California White, nominal.
RYE— 97%c(§Jl 02% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, S3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, 13 40@3 45 per barrel for extra;
53 25@3 40 for bakers' and J2 So@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, {2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. 12 50; ex- :
tra cream Cornmeal, J3 35; Oatmeal, 14 5004 75 :
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25®3 £0; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled
Oats (barrels), 16 5606 95; in sacks, 16 35@« 75;
Pearl Barley. Jo; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
*5 per 100 rbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The continued light receipts of Hay for a
number of days created a steadier feeling yes
terday, and five. cars of new Wheat sold at
$S 60, an advance. Other grades remained un
changed.
BRAN— $16 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, J23®24 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@26 50; Job
bing, 127 50; Cocoanut Cake, |21<a22; Cornmeal,
$23 50(§24 50; Cracked Corn. 124@25; Mixed i
Feed. ?15S?16: Cottonseed Meal. |24@26 per ton. i
OLD HAY— Wheat. JlO@U 50 for good to
choice and J*sj9 50 for lower grades; Wheat and
Oat. SB®lo 50; Oat. J7@9 50; Barley, J6@B; Al
falfa, $507,
NEW HAY— Wheat. $7 6008 50; Wild Oat. $6
<g7; Alfalfa, $4 50<g6 50 per ton.
Allaka. $4 50'g'6 50 per ton.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There is nothing new to report.
BEANS- Bays, $1 40(?fl 50; Small White. $2
@2 15; Large White. $1 550165; Pinks. $1 80®
1 SO; Reds, (2 35; Hlackrye. $4@4 15; Butters,
nominal: Lima?. $3 90@4; Pea, $2@2 35; Red
Kidneys. $2 60®2 70 per etl. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%@Sc; Flax, nominal Canary Seed,
2fcc per lb; Alfalfa. BH<6'9V4c: Rape, B@3^c;
I Hemp, 4V4(5/4^4c; Timothy. 4%@sVic.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 50®l 90; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes were lower again, under large re
ceipts. Onions stood*. about the 'same.'
• There was no particular change in Vegetables.
POTATOES— New Early Rose. In boxes. Jl 75
@1 85: Biirbanks. $1 75({z2 per ctl on the wharf.
ONIONS— New, 25(g35c per sack for red.
VEUJbfI AHLiKSS — Asparagus. 75c<tp$l bo per
box : for No. 2. $1 75@2 25 for No. 1 and $2 50
for fancy; Rhubarb. 60c® 5125 per bo*; Green
I Peas, lViig3c per lb; String Beans from Los
i Angeles. T><S6c for green and s@6c for Golden
; "Wax: String Beans from Vacaville, 6@Sc for
green and "Be for Wax: Horse Beans, fine 'per
sack; Cabbage, $I@l 15; Tomatoes, 50c per box;
: Mexican Tomatoes. $1 2S@l 50; Egg Plant, 10®
I 12'ir per lb: Garlic, 4'ffic for new; Dried Okra,
15c per lb; Dried Peppers. 10c; Green Peppers,
12',2?n5e ; Carrots, 30@40c per sack; Hothouse
: Cucumbers, — — ' per dozen ; Sacramento and
Marysville Cucumbers, $1 60@2 per box; Sum
i mer Squash, 60c@$l per box for Vacaville and
for Bay: Green Corn, 40c per dozen.
. POULTRY AND GAME.
A ear of Eastern apld at 160 for Turkeys, $5
for Pucka, $7 50®8 for Hens and $6 for old Booa- |
ters. Another car l'alls due to-day.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. H&isc for Gob
blers and 14(g16c for Hens; young Turkeys. ISc:
Geese, per pair. $1 50; Goslings. $1 25@1 50;
Ducks J4 50(35 for old and $5 50<g6 50 for young:
Hens $5 50^7: young Roosters. $7@B 50; old
Roosters, IS 50Q6; Fryers, to 50*i6; Broilers, $4®5
for large, $2 50©S 50 for small; Pigeons, |2@2 25
per dozen for old and $1 75@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGG 3.
The market for all descriptions stands about
the same. A few hales of fancy Eggs at 20c are
being made, but the figure is hardly quotable.
Cheese continues weak. Butter Is steady.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 17M>@18c; sec
onds, 17c.
Dairy — Fancy; 16Vjc; good to choice, 14016 c;
store, 12Vi@13c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, S@S%c: old. 7%c;
Young America. ?®10c; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16>^®17>^c for store and IS@
19c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 17@17%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
It is no longer possible to give receipts with
accuracy, so they are discontinued.
The market is well supplied with Apples,
Pears and Peaches, and prices open the week
at a decline. Supplies of Apricots are moder
ate. Cherries are on the wane, and the few
left are coming in cracked by the rain, many
being almost unsalable.
Berries, though lower, are still bringing com
paratively high prices. Currants are in light
supply.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
New Apples. 40@65c. per small and SIIJI 25 per
large box and 40Q60C per basket.
BERRlES— Gooseberries, 40c per drawer and
3i L ,-(,4(' per lb in hulk; Blackberries, per
chest: from Fresno. Jl^l 20 per crate; from
Newcastle, TTgl 25; Strawberries, $6@9 per
chest for small and $3'ri4 for large berries;
Raspberries. %Mi 10 per chest; Newcastle Rasp
berries, |l(j?l 25 p-r crate; Ix'gan Berries, %Vg-S
per chest.
Currants, (3 60@6 60 ppr rhest.
Cherries, 40<?75c for white. .SscGsl for Royal
Anne and 65jC@$1 per box for Mack; black, in
bulk, 7@loc; white, 6@6c per lb; Royal Anne, B<a>
ac; cracked Chenles, 2 1 2 (ftsc.
Green Pears, SS@6Oc per box and 40(550c per
1 basket.
: Figs. 11 50fi7 1 75 per box for blaxrk and for
I white.
1 Apricots, 25®7Sc per crate and box for Prin
! gles and 75c@$l 25 per box and 50#65c per
j basket tor Roj aln.
Peaches — GO@B3c per box.
Plums. Mc®fl per box.
i Cherry Plums, per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, J2 50@4
per box; Seedlings, $1 25®2 25; Mediterranean
1 Sweets, $1 ioii2 25; Lemons. 75c(jj$l for com
mon and Jl 25^2 for good to choice: Mexican
Limes, $4@j; California Limes, 50^70c per
j small box; Grape Fruit, 50e®$l: Bananas. {1 50
; (82 50 per bunch; Pineapples, per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
Mail advices from New York say: Jr
"Raisins are quiet. The only feature of in
terest is the discussion of the new crop pros
pects, which appear to be quite satisfactory.
The outlook Is for an average yield, though the
tendency is toward a reduction, as compared
with last year. Sales of California Sultanas
made recently arc said to have cleaned ' the
market up, but no particulars are given, it
is understood, however, that close to market
prices were obtained. Other grades show no
change In price, and are very Inactive. No
important change In price is expected at pres
ent. General conditions Indicate a probably
dull market indefinitely.
"Prunes are steady. There -were rumors Sat
urday, however, that outside interests were
trying to secure control of the market, but
what they offered or what they proposed doing
did not appear Under present conditions any
important purchase would have a strong In
fluence on the market. Crop reports from Ore
gon are to the effect that the yield there is- un
likely to be as large as was anticipated, though
a fair crop Is probable." ,
DKIED FRI ITB- mines, "c for 40-50's. 5®
5%c for 50-60's, 4'a4V for 60-70'S, 3%(g3%c for
70-80's, 2»i@3Uc for 80-90' s. 2L2(a2?ic for MMOO's
and 2@2<4c for 100-llU's; Peaches, B%®9Hc for
good to choice. 10@10Vic for fancy and 148 loc
for peeled; Apricots, i<."-'(il3c for Royals and
14@15c for Moorparks? Evaporated Apples, 9V4(&
10c; sun dried, out; Black I"lgs, out; Plums,
nominal, lHc for unpltted and 4VSO")c for pitted:
Pears, 3 l gi)c. according to color, etc.
RAISINS— for two-crown. 4\c for three
crown, .">?ic for four-crown, 4'vg l 6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3"tc for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2>i@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 7c per lb; Walnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell, 10 uTlc for softshell; Almonds, 8®
9c for hardshell, 12fil3c for sofuhell. 14.@16c for
papershell: Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and i%@
5c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 60®5.
HONEY— Comb. KJ'.lc for bright and S@9c
for lower grades:, water white extracted, Vft@
7Hc; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, sSs!*c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market continues In good shape, with &
steady demand on shipping and local account.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per lb for heavy,
SV.Q9C for light medium. lOHSIIc for light. 12c
tor extra light and 12V4@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, ll%c; California
Hams. 10Hc; Mess Beef. ■ $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef. $15@15 50; extra
prime Pork, $12 60; extra clear. $1« 50; mess,
$i:.i&ls 60: Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted. at sV4<gs\c per lb for
compound and ~'4<(iV&c for pure; half barrels,
pure. 7\r. 10-lb tins, SV-; 5-lb tins. SV4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. SftOfTCfcc; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-lb palls. 60 In a case; SVic:
S-lb pails, 20 in a case, -V-; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case. BHc; 10-lb pails, 6 in a case, S3ic; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7 7 4 c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SHe; fancy tubs. SO lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7\c. •.
, HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
Eteers, 10c; medium. 9®9Hc; light, B%c; Cow
hides, 9c; Stags. 6©B%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c, dry Hides, Found. 16c; culls and brands,
13c, dry Kip and Veal. 15i^l5Hc: dry Calf. 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, iO@3oc each: short
Wool. 35060 c each: medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90cQ$l 10 each: Hone Hides, salt. $1 75®2 25
for large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4Vic per lb: No.
2. 3V4'ff3»ic; refined. ; grease. 3c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns. 7 months. 7@9c; year's staple. 60f8c;
Foothill and Northern free. ll@14c; Foothill
and Northern defective. S@loc:. Nevada, 10®13c;
Humboldt and Mendocino. 14&16 c.
Fall Wools-
Northern Mountain — 7 ®5V40
Southern .'. — 6 <g7^c
Plains .....ft. «c
HOPS— ISOB crop. 10®llc per lb for ordinary.
12©12'4c for good and 13;/15c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Quntfltions for all descriptions remain undis
turbed.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%@Bc per lb for Steers and 6V4©7c
for Cows. • ■
VEAL— 7@Bc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7-S7HC; Ewes. 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, 7%@Bc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. f.y.fiif>%c for small, 5%@
6%c for medium and 6<&'s%c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4?4@5c; dressed Hogs, 7©
B%c. -
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, s%@sisc for
June and July; Wool Bags, 26&25 c; San Quentln
Bags. $4 96. .
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant. $«; Coos Hay, $6; Wallsend, $7 60;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $S 60 in bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60. Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, .">\c;
Powdered, s%c;' Candy Granulated, 6?* c- Dry
Granulated, 6>£c: Confectioners' ■A. 6%c; Cali
fornia A. 6c; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c;
' Golden C, 4%c; barrels. l-16c more; half barrels.
! «4c more; boxes. He morei^"o-lb bags, Vie more.
! No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. ' .
. |iIECBTPT9 OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, June 5.
Flour, qr Fks 14.155 Wine, "gals 40,200
Wheat, ctls 70. 0'j9' Sugar, sks 13 700
Barley, ctls 2,fiSs Potatoes, sks 3,097
Oats, ctls 410 Onions, sks 1,131
Oats, ctls, rail... 370 Bran, sks 3,310
Corn, ctls. East.. 1,800 Middlings. Eke.... 375
Tallow, ctls 2io Sugar, bbls 1,100
Cheese, ctls . 80 (Wool, bags 673
Butter, ctls , 21ii Straw, bales ■ 5
Eggs, doz 15,660 Hay, tons 330
Quicksilver, flks. 132 Hides, no 4,-,7
Leather, r0115..... 11l Pelts, bdls... S2
OREGON.
| Flour, qr Bkf> 7,538 1 Potatoes, sks 197
Oats, ctls. 1.69018 ran. sks 2,390
THE STOCK MARKET.
Fluctuations were not numerous on the morn
ing session of the Bond Exchange. Gas &
Electric sold from $r>2 down to $60 25. Paauhau
down to $40 25 and Onomea down to $40 75.
Business was quiet on the afternoon call and
changes were slight.
Mining stocks were quiet and not materially
changed. The telegram from the pump said:
"Second elevator running steadily on half
time, holding water near the 1950-foot level.
The first elevator is in place. Expect to start
this afternoon or to-morrow morning."
In the Consolidated California and Virginia
mine during the past week the Comstock Tump
ing Association hap been engaged in the fol
lowing work at the C. and C. shaft: 400 level—
The west drift has been extended 24 feet; total.
EB9 feet; face In soft porphyry. They have yet
124 feet of this drift to run before connec
tion can be made with crosscut No. 2 from the
MOO level of the Con. Virginia shaft. 1650 level
—Necessary repairs are being made on this
level. 1750 level— The south drift from the
west crosscut has been cleaned out and repaired
12 feet; total length. IIS feet. From this drift
19 cars or about 17 tons of ore have been ex
tracted, showing an average assay value of
114 97 in gold and 4.35 ounces in silver per ton.
This ore was taken from a point Su feet west
of the north and south drift on the ISOO level.
In the Ophir mine, in the old Central tunnel
workings, the north drift has been extended 15
feet; total length. 296 feet; face in quartz and
porphyry. The east drift on the 56-foot level,
mentioned in last week's report, has be^n clean
ed out and found to have been driven on the
hanging wall a distance of SO feet beynnd the
Mexican shaft. This drift was carefully ex
amined and no vein found. No more pros
pecting will be done in this section until the
north drift has been extended further into the
quartz body that they have been developing for
some time. The connecting drift on the Sutro
tunnel level was extended 15 feet; total, 169
feet; face in hard rock. Work has been con
tinued on the quartz stringers and the south
west drift extended 6 feet; total length, 22 feet.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140-foot
level, during the week the north lateral drift
was advanced 5 feet and stopped; total length,
27S feet; fact* in quartz of no value. Started
a south drift from the main west drift oppo
site the north drift and advanced the same 24
feet; face- In clay with stringers of quartz.
East crosscut No. 1. started from the north
drift opposite west crosscut No. 1, has been
completed; total, 58 feet; face in east clay.
East crosscut No. 2, started at a point 51 feet
south from east crosscut No. 1, has been ad
vanced 33 feet: face In clay and porphyry 900
level— The north drift, startod from the west
end of west crosscut No. 2, has been advanced
5 feet: total length, 71 feet; face in porphyry.
In the Br-st .*i Belcher and Gould & Curry
mines the boiler work at the Osbiston shaft has
bef-n completed and they have made connec
tion with the water tank. The foundation for
the gallows frame is in place and have started
to put up the frame. Sutro tunnel level—Ow
ing to the bad air connection between the
shaft and Sutro tunnel they were unable to
measure the water last week.
In the Hale & Norcross mine the lower tunnel
has been cleaned out and retimbered during
the week 42 feet, making total distance now In
good condition 106 feet. In the upper tunnel
the north drift, on the company's Santa Fe
ledge, has been extended 4 feet; total length,
4 feet. Work in the south drift was stopped.
In the Chollar and Totosi mines the Joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the
week 42 feet: total length. 92 feet: face in por
phyry. Sutro tunnel level— The Ztvdig drift has
been cleaned out and retltnbered IS feet during
the week; total, 2I'S feet; face in badly caved
ground.
The Sacramento Mining Company of Vtßh
paid a dividend of $5000 on the Ist.
The Calumet & Hecla Copper Mining Com
pany of Michigan paid Its 111 th dividend of $20
per' share ..n May 31, M^gregating $2,000,000,
making $6.rno.f>flo this year to date, and JfiC.S'O,-
OOd from the start.
The Paauhau Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 30c per share, payable on
the imh.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, June 5—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
Bonds— . Equit G L Co. 54 6
4s quar coup. — Mutual El Co. — 15
s quar reg.... — — i Oakland Gas.. 45 —
4s quar new. .1. far Gas Imp.. 60 —
5s quar coup.. loß — 'Par LCo — *64
Miscellaneous— IS F G & E.... 60% —
Cal-st Cab 0b.117 — San Fran 3% 3*4.
Cal Elec L 8a.125*i127Vi Stockton Gas. 12 —
C C Wat 5s — 112% i Insurance—
Dup-st ex c... — — Firem's Fund. 22o — '
E L. & P 65. .131 132 I Bank Stocks—
F& Cl Ry 65. 1154 — Anglo-Cal — 654
Oeary-st R sb. 90 9» Bank of Ca1.. 2624 —
HC & S 5H5..102U — Cal S D & T. — 9RV«
L A Ry u5.... 1064; 108 'First Natlonl. 22o -
1. A L, Co 65. .1014 — Lon P & A.... — 132
Do gntd 6S.101& — Mer Exchange — IS
LAL Co 55... 100 — Nev Nat Bk.. — 190
Market-st 65. .129 — Savings Banks—
Do Ist M 55. 117 — Ger S & L..1600 1640
NCN G H 7s. 10* — Hum S L..1050 1160
NRy Cal 6.. 116 117 ! Mutual Say. 36 414
NR of Cal 55.U3%U3-% S F Say IT.. 500 —
NV•' R R «s.'-- '•"< S& L 50... — 88
N P C R R 55. 105 108 .Security S B. — 300
N Cal H R ss.Hl — 'Union T Co. — 1465
Oak Gas 5e...11l — Street Railroads—
Om C Ry 65.. 127 l»0 California ....US —
P & Cl Rv 65. 107 - I Geary ..: 50 —
p 4 O 6s! 117 - 'Market-Bt 61 62
Powell-st 65... - 1224 Oak S L & H — —
gac El Rv R». — — PreSidio — 164
3 F & N P 58.115% — I Powder—
B F ,v S JVss.lli'Slls ; California .... — 175
Slerraß ial 6s.lOS* - E Dynamite... 574 —
S v of A 65..113'U14 I Giant Con Co. 73 73 1
SPCSs (1905) — 112 .Vlgorit 3 34
B C C6s (1906) — — i Sugar—
SPC 6s (1912) - - Hana P C 0.... 16% I.'*
SPCIs eg 58.104% - Haw C&SC. 95 -
SP Br 6s. ..:.m ' - Hutch BP. Co. 38* 33V4
S V Wat 6b... 116 115,2 Kilau<»a S Co. — 31
S V Wat 45... 1041* _ Onomea S Co. 40 41
S V \V4s(3dm)lolV»lo2 iPaauhau S P. 40 —
Stktn Gas 65.. 1024 _ I Miwellaneous-
Water Stocks— |A 1 Pac Assn.. ll2 —
Contra Costa.. 70% - per LA Wk5..250 —
Marin Co 50 — I Mer Ex Assn. M —
Spring Valley.lOlVilOl^ Oceanic S Co. S4?i So
Gas and Electric— I'" 1 A F A.... 2V» VA
Capital Gas... - — Pac C Bor C 0.123. 123 -
Central G Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 7M —
Cent L & P.. - fi 7 * 1
Morning, Session.
15 Alaska Packers' Association 113 75
25 Equitable Gas 6 00
100 Equitable Gas... 5 75
40 Giant Powder Con 73 00
20 Market Btree) Railway .'.... 62 00
$1000 North Ryof <"al 5 per cent b0nd5.. .11.1 SO
SO Oceanic 8 B C 0... ....: So 00
'50 Onomea Sugar Co :..:. 41 00
50 Onomea Sugar Co 40 73
100 Paauhau S P Co 40 60
100 Pkauhau S P Co 40 25
20 6 I" Gas & Electric Co 62 00
60 S F Ga« & Electric Co 61 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 00
860 s F Gas & Electric Co 60 50
100 s r Gas & Electric Co 60 25
12000 S P Branch Ry bonds 123 23 I
13000 B P of A bonds 113 50 ■
Afternoon Session. I
Board — < I
10 Alaska Packers' Association 113 00 ■
20 Contra Costa Water, cash 70 00 ■
75 Giant Powder Con 73 25 I
6 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 100 00 I
100 Mutual Electric Light.. 14 75 ■
S.Onkland Gas 46 00
110 Paauhau 8 P Co 40 25
l'X> P F Gas & Electric Co 61 00
50 S F <fas"& Electric Co, s 30 ■. 60 75
1"' S F Gas & Electric Co 60 574
$1000 S P of A bonds 113 50
60 S V Water....: 101 25
Street— B@9S
$4000 S F & S J V bonds 114 75
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Oakland Gas L & H Co 45 75
40 Contra Costa Water .'. 70 00
2.'. Hana Plantation Co 17 00
25 Hana Plantation Co 16 b7la
50 Hutchinson 5 P Co. 33 00
25 Hutchinson S P C 0......... 32 S7^
Afternoon Session.
Board—
50 Central L. &.P... 6 50
20 Market Street Railway ...; 62 00
15 Market Street Railway 62 124
25 Oceanic S S Co : 85 25
25 Oceanic, S S Co ; 83 121,
50 Paauhau B P Co.. 40 121^
12000 6 V Water (3d mortgage) 101 .
$500 [I 8 1 per cent bonds 109 00
$1000 B F & 8 J'V R R bonds 114 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
• . BOARD.
Morninjr Session.
Board— - •
10 Contra Costa Water '. .' 70 25
20 Contra Costa Water 70 124
100 Equitable Ga5....'.... 5 62 4.
20 Hutchinson S P Co 33 50
30 Hutchinson 8 P Co 33 25
70 Onompa Sugar Co ; 41 00
100 Vigorit Powder 3 25
Afternoon Session.
Board — • . ; .
$1000 California Street Cable 5s 117 25
26 Equitable Gas.. < 5 87%
30 Giant Powder Con 72 75 .
50 Onomea Sugar C 0.... 40 75 ■
. 15 S V Water...; 101374
MINING STOCKS.
Following- were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morninc Session.
100 Andes 15 200 Mexican ....... 45
100 Best & Belcher 52 300 Overman 16
300 Caledonia 60 1100 Potosl 46
. 50 Con Cal & V...1 75 400 Union Con 43
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha .'....' 05 1 100 Exchequer 03
300 Andes IS 700 Hale & Norcrs. 33
' 200 Belcher 37 ion Hale & Norcrs. 37
100 Best & Belcher 52: 150 Justice .......... 18
100 Caledonia 61 500 Potosi V. 47
200 Con Cal & V...1 75 500 Potosi 48
50 Crown Point... 29 1 .
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morninc Session.
300 Andes 15 200 Ophir ........ .1 17.-i
300 Andes .......... 14. 200 Overman 17
600 Belcher 35 1200 Potosi ...... ; 45
200 Belcher 3S 500 Potosi 46
200 Best & Belcher 62 300 Potosi ' 47
500 Challenge Con. . 37 500 Seg Belcher.... 07
500 Chollar 34 400 Utah 1«
400 Con Cal & V... 1-75 200 Yellow Jacket.. 42
700 Crown Point... 29 1
Afternoon Session. '
•200 Alpha Con 05 1 200 Hale & Norcrs. 37
200 Andes .' ....■ 13 1 2(0 Overman .;..... 17
200 Andes 14 1 300 Potosi ...45
300 Best & Belcher 51 700 Potosi • .46
200 Con Cal & V ... 1 75 , 300 Potosi 47
200 Crown Point... 2» 700 Savage .....26
200 Gould & Curry. 29; 600 Seg Belcher.:.. 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
' " MONDAY, June 5—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. : Bid.Ask.
Alpha ...,. 04 05 Kentuck ....... 05 —
Alta ."■ 05 06 Lady Wash.... 01 02
Andes 14 15 Mexican ' 43 44
Belcher ........ 36 37 Occidental 29 —
Best & Belcher 50 51 Ophlr 1151 20
Bullion ......... 07 OS Overman .' 17 18
Caledonia 61 62 Potosi : — -45
Chollar 32 "34 Savage 23 27
Challenge Con. 36 38 Scorpion ....... — 03
Confidence .....1 00 105 Seg Belcher 07 08
Con, Cal & V...170 75 Sierra Nev 73 75
Con Imperial...' 01 02 Silver Hill 02 03
Crown Point... 29-30 Syndicate ....... — ,0a
Con New York. - 02 Standard -2 60
Exchequer 02 03 St Louis ... 10 -
Gould & Curry- 28 29 Union Con 43 4.
Hale & Norcrs. 37 38 Utah ........... 16 17
Julia . 02 — Yellow Jacket.. 39 41
Justice'".".'.....:. 17 19_
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Bray, Sacto L Fosbery. Xcv
r H Fairdyee. Marysvl H Piper. Oregon
J Mulroy. Ingleside M McPherson. Colo
L L O'Hanlon. Merced J Bell. \ allejo
3 W M.Kay. S Ramon ' William?. Airtioch
W Black. Oregon A Alexson & f. Lai
S Daggert &w. N V J P Murtha. Colo
A T Hanafln. N J P J Murtha Colo
J J Carroll &w. Cal L M Fox. Colo
J Greenon. Cal I A R Moulton. Lolo
PALACE HOTEL.
W W Meirs. Oakland Miss M G Bay. N T
F W Leadbetter. Pi tld Miss Dell Neil. Texas
C H Lymbery, N V H Sherman. Boston
J O'Connor Colo Mrs Sherman. Knstun
Mrs O'Connor Colo E J Gillen, N V
M B Webb, London B C Voorhew, < al
S A Johnson. Boston J F Parks, Jackson
Mrs Valpey, England C D Roys. Chicago
L M Herman. Chicago Mrs Roys, Chicago
H Farman Conn J H Campbell. N Mcx
Q Farman Conn G Holman, St I-akc
M J Shea. Japan W R Forrest. Seattle
3 B Silverwood. L Ang Mrs 6 Reed. N 1
Mrs F I. Sommer, N f A Reed. NY
M'ss Sommer. N V I A Waggoner, PhiLi
Mrs Tlmberlake, H V X .1 Hill. Conn
Dr M J Stern. Phila Mrs E J Hill. Conn
Mrs <; Glaser, Chicago 3 P Treadwell, Conn
.1 Gardiner, Colo Mrs Treadwell, Conn
J Johnston. Cal Mlsa C M Hill. ' i an
Mrs Johnston. Cal Miss J I) Hill. Conn
II F West. Phila E H Winans. V H A
A Fries Phila Miss Gould. Chicago
W Kingsley. Denver Mrs Gibbon &d, Cligo
Miss C Clapp, Portland 1
GRAND HOTEL.
A Solomon. Cal >A L Brown. Seattle
F Young Cal hd Migllavacca. Napa
A S Johnson, Cai H L Howe. Oakdale
C Herman w. Cal W A Ltunson, Chicago
C'apt J S Heggins, Cal H Prindle, L/OS Ang
Mrs H G Heffron. Utah F Kraemer. N I
F A Pettus. Cal M Goldstone. Ch'cap-
C H Davis, Palo Alto Q A Daugherty. Salms
A F Waltemire & fm, Mrs N T Biddle. S Jose
Belmont W W Douglass Sacto
B A Gllmore, Isleton J A Mclhtire. Sacto
J N Lertell, Eureka M L Perry, Kernvllle
I D Ford & w Cal H Block. Los Ang
H Day, San Jose C M Yatea, S <'lara
T Irvine, Stockton C Newman & w, < al
F Halstead Cal Miss N Neil. S Miguel
I Mullhern,' D S N E R Ray. Jamestown
fl B Hlakeloy. Ls Ang A B Smith. Fresno
Miss McLaughlin. Nev V R Smith, Fresno
W Pollard, I»'S Ang T Rogers. Fresno
W J Tappan w. Cal R W Colson. Boston
H E Pratt & w. Ls An M L Perry. Kernvtlle
Mrs R Payne. N V J G Curtis &w. Pa
Dr Weldon, Sn Pedro Miss Rowan. Stockton
F C Kramer. Sacto IH S Hall. King City
T A Greenleaf. Cal IN Blackstock, Ventura
S H Grigsby. Spokane ;J r> Simpson. Ls Ang
L R Fields, Portland IT J Hanrahan, Sacto
Love finds the way in, but it has to be
thrown nut.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
HUMBOLDT BAY. CALIFORNIA.
Notice is hereby given that Humboldt Beacon
Light No. 1, a fixed white lantern light on a
double pile on westerly side of channel oppo-
Blte Fort Humboldt. Humboldt Bay, Cal., has j
been rebuilt and the light re-established.
This noltce affects the "List of Lights and
F"K Signals, Pacific Coast. 1S9!)." page 18, and
the "List of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific Coast,
IS9JV' page 20. .
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
U. SEBREE,
Commander. U, S. N., Inspector Twelfth
Lighthouse restrict.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants" Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expcn.-e.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for i-oniparlson and reference, and the latest
information can nlwpys he obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
rf interest to ocean commerce.
The time hall on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot nf Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived ph. h day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island,, Cal.
A notice stating whether the hall was dropped
on timp or giving th'- error, If any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
■ ' thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high. and low. waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ahout
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the game at both places.
TUESDAY. .TUNE f
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early mr.rning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
thrpp tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Surrey charts, pxoept
when a minus sign < — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth glvpn by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, T*. S. N., Mer
chants" Exchange. San Ftancisco, Cal .
June B, ISW.
The time ball on the towpr of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day— '
t. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8 j
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U S N.. in charse
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday. June 5.
Stmr Greenwood, Fneerlund. 15 hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 hours from
San Diego and way ports.
Stmr Pasadena, Hamilton, 42 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Weeott. Dunham, 25 hours from Eureka
Stmr Czartna. Seaman. 95 hours from Seattle'
Br stmr Bristol, Mclntyre, S5 hours from
Departure Bay.
Bark Fresno, Underwood, 10 days from Port
Ludlr.w.
Bark Theobald. Cameron, 9 days from Ta
coma.
Ital bark Maria, Cafiero, 79 days from New
castle. Aus.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman. 20 hours from
Iversetis Landing.
Schr Helen N Kimball, Guttmorsen, 24 days
from Kahulul.
Schr Bessie X, Benson, 43 hours from Whltes
boro.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 4% days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Frances Alice, Wallstedt, days fm
Schr Oceania Vance, Murschison. 2 days fin
Eureka. ' ; .•-•'"V ' _
Schr Bella. Smith. 4 days from Coos Bay.
CLEARED.
Monday, June 5.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander; Goodall. Per- i
• k '"t S mf Honita, Nicolson. San Pedro: Goodall, %
Stmr* State of California, Goodall, Astoria;'
GC B; d ship Pyrenee i S . C B-ryce, Queenstown: G W
M ° Near - • SAILED.
Monday. June 5.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen. Victoria.
Stmr Bonita. Nicolson. San Pedro.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen. Mendocino.
Schr Eva. RamsellUß, Tacoma.
Schr Edward Parke. Johnson. I sal.
Schr Rio Rev. Johnson, .^-,-. I:,
Schr Coke, Freitsch. Manila.
Schr Gotama, Johannsen, \\ lllapa HarDor,
Schr Marion, Generaux. —■
Schr .1 Bpplnger, Colatrup, Timber Cove.
RETURNED.
Monday, June 5.
Schr Lily L. Hansen. hence June 3, for
Bristol Bay, returned for repairs.
■ TELEGRAPHIC.
POIN LOBOS, June 5, 10 p Weather
hazy; wind N\V; velocity j- miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived June 4— Bark Car
or.delet, hence May 17.
'Til BEND— June Schr Pio
neer, from Hilo. .
SEATTLE— Arrived June s— Stmrs Orizaba
anil Dirlgo, from Dyea.
VENTURA- June s— Stmr George
Loomis. hence June 4.
Sailed June 5— Stmr George. Loomis. lor San
Francisco. •• . Cf
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June Stmr
■\Vhltesboro, hence May 31. . .. —
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June s— Schr w
H Talbot, from Honolulu; bktn Charles F
Crocker, from Honolulu, for Port Blakeley.
Sailed inward June 5-Bark .1 D Peters, for
EUREKA— June 5— Stmr Sunol. from
~Sailed June 5-^Stmr Pomona, for San Fran-
Ci«cr PEDRO— Arrived June s— Schr Bertie
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June s— Schr Bertie
• Minor, KAY— Arrived June 4— Stmr Arcata. V"
■ COOS BAY— Arrived June 4— Stmr Arcata, J~
hence June 1. June s— Schr Western Home, /
hence May 26.
EASTERN PORTS.
HAMPTON ROADS— June 4— Ship
; Kennebec. from Table Bay.
BALTIMORE— CIeared June 3— Ship Alexan
der Gibson, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MANlLA— Arrived June — . stmr Morgan
City, hence April 25, via Honolulu.
SHIELDS— SaiIed June 3— ship Black
braes, for San Francisco.
DEAL— Passed June Ship R D Rice, from
London, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June >— Br ship Water
loo for Vancouver. STEAMERS.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Sailed June s— Stmr U Gas
cogne. for Havre; stmr Kaiser Wilhelm 11. for
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June Stmr. Umbria,
"BREMEN- Arrived June s— Stmr Koenigen
Louise, from New York, via Southampton.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived . June Stmr AUer.
' from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
OCEAN TRAIEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
Steamers leave Broadway
fe^^ wharf. Pan Francisco:
JSBaßtefc. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
|«a«sije l 8&k June 5. 10. 15. 20, 25, 30; July 5.
ff Hi^Kn change at Seattle.
AM wl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
H^^^tf^B.l C), Port Townsend. Seattle.
*«W£BH&3fl Tacoma. Everett. Anaoorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m.. June 5. 10. 15. 20. 25.
80: July 6, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P.' Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt -Ba->-V 2 p. m., Jun«
3. 8, IS. 18, 23. 28; July 3, and every fifth day
thereafter. HP 'TO 1
For Santa Crax. Monterey. San Simeon,
Cavucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 1. 5. .9. It. 17. 21. 26. 29:
July 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m.. June 3. 7. 11. 15. 19, 23, 27; July 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Enpenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mcx). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information "Main folder.
The company reserves the right to Changs
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
anrt hour"* of saline IttllHHi
TICKET OTTTOR —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PEFKTN'S & CO.. Gen. Arts.,
■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *l 2 First Class including Berth*
rMIIL «8 Second Class and Meal*
Columbia Balls June 2. 11 23; July J. 11, tt.
State of California sails June 7. IT. 37; July
7. 17, 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all. points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Feast.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL. PERKINS A CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
FEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDOH. PABIV
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York. May 3l9New York .Tuna a
Bt. Paul June 7!Ht. Panl June ii
St. Louis Jane 14 Bt. 1«u15...- July 5
RED STAR LINE.
New York find AntwaCn.
From New York Every Wednesday, IS noon.
Kensington May SI (Pouthwark June St
Noordland June 7 Westernland ...June 28
Frlesland June 141 Kensington July S
EMPIRE LINE.
«eatt!«. St. Mtchaof. Dawsoi City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of Us agencies.
PMGBKEinSKdt S. 6. Alameda sails
hiia&gilHlC vla Honolulu and
trnillV Auckland for Sydney
U^ Wednesday,' June 14.
JV^V>w at 10 p. m.
SlMm^hint) The S. S. Australia
CylMllljllll/^ sails for Honolulu
(3n\V)Wli~- Wednesday. June 28.
VO!llyQlt«r at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.: $610 first class.
J. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Aots., 114 Montqomeff
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 32 7 Market St.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with "earner. for
India, etc No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART: Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MARTT Saturday. July 21
HONGKONG MARTI Thursday. August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPKES3 LINE,
YEW YORK-PARIS— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YOHK-LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG ' Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMKRICAN LINE. 87 Broadway, New York. .
HERZOG A CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST., cor. Sansome. and
118 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
COMPAONIS GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. j»-n±»,
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. ■^2GiC_&
from Pier 42. North River, foot of -* v " * ! **''.**'
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; LA
BRETAGNE, June 17; LA TOURAINE. June
24. L.A GASCOGNE. July 1; LA NORMAXDIE,
July S. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward.
6 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to. Havre. $45. 10 Der cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY OR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery aye . San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
dally, returning from -Stockton' at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 806.
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJQ.
Steamer "Monticello. "
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:«
a. m.. t:16,'8:30 p. m. (ex. . Thurs. night) ; Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone - Main 1508.
> FARE SO*ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
OAKLAND WAS
THROWN OUT OF
THE DIRECTORY
Secret of the Row in
San Francisco.
HOT REPLY TO CRITICS
BOARD OF TRADE HAS NOT BEEN
SILENCED.
War Over Freight Rates Between Two
Cities Produces Some Telegrams
and Lively Corre
spondence.
Oakland Offlce San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, June 5.
The severe criticism of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association of San
Francisco of the Oakland Board of
Trade, published in the Call of last Satur
day, has brought out the following state
ment from the executive committee of the
latter body:
The information contained in this article
was evidently furnished by some biased
party. An.i the writer must have thrown
his heart into tha matter, judging from the
headlines ami the conclusions drawn.
Still, an interested party, one whose
freight rates have bd>n mcrea.-ed anywhere
from $10i -0 to S^O.OtX) a year by reason of the
manipulation* of last year, can fret a great
dial of meaning Iro'.n the article.
This is a case where organized bodies
representing: a minority of the shippers of
California managed last ■.•■■-■ an
advantage by having rates put uj) on the
mixed carload shippers. The ostensible
object was to enable the lame San Fran
cisco jobbers to sell In petitl in with
Kastorn houses and to stop the present drift
of . the retailer and consumer to reach the
producer direct, even if the small jobbers,
. the retailers ai;d consumers have to be taxed
millions of dollars a year in order to ac
coir.pl fc-h It.
Perhaps a l>iiof history of the proceedlrijrs
w.l! I)* the best way to put the matter be
fore the public, so that they may draw
• their own conclusions:
The fir*t ■••■.• attracted the atten
tion of the Oakland Board of Trade was
the ousting of one of its members, without
any rpuse or resignation, from the directory
of. the Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation of California and at the name meet
i:p electing- Mr. Everett to fill the vacancy.
This Mr. Everett waa made chairman of
the traffic ..-ornrr.ittee of that body. Soon
Mr. Everett developed as the champion
•><jualiz<»r" ft freight tea before the
"Western Tragic Association, which met at
Monterey and adjourned to Milwaukee So
ruccer-sful was the San Francisco delega
tion, under the evident leadership of Mr.
Kverett. that this pentleman telegraphed
back.. "California is saved." Soon the new
freipht schedules mado their appearance,
and lo! there was an advanco of 10 to K>o per
cent on less than carload shipments west
bound. The Oakland Board of Trade about
this time received a communication from
. the Los Angeles Merchants' an.] Manufue
. turei Association complaining of the dis
crimination and askin< for support toward
pecurin^ redress by organization or other
wise. The matter was referred to a com
mittee in conjunction with the principal
shippers of this city. This, committee Bleed
for a conference v!th Chairman Kverett.
In his r.lace came Mr. All«>n. who met the
Oakland shipper*. Mr. Allen pave a history
of the overtures and negotiations of the
traffic coinmJtirt* of th*» AlHnufitrturarfl' an.! I
Producers' Association of California, of '
which he was a member. He claimed that
It ma,i*> ni difference what the freleht rate '
was provided it was the same for all ship
pers of the samo class. We explained that
such was not the case. He admitted finally
that we had a irrievance. that it was not
fair to tax the majority of shippers so
heavily for the benefit of the few and the
transportation companies, lit that the lat
ter; took matters In their own hands after
r.'-erotiatiens were once started.
The Hoard of Trade committee answered
the Los Angles association that we would
join in any effort to remedy matters. We t
rover heard frcm them afterward, nor did I
w*> learn why. There was a great d»al of
mnrmurins all over the State on account
of the mw rates, but for lack of organiza
tion nothing could be done.
When the newspapers mentioned some two
weeks since that a committee was on its
•way to St. Paul to induce the Great North
ern ar.rt Northern Pacific to restore, the dis
criminating rat<-s fixed last year at Mil
vaukw,.Bome of our members saw an op
portunity to in some degree ventilate the
grievances of the mixed carload shippers.
The matter was referred to our executive
committee with power to act. A brief state
ment was F<-nt to three or four ■■■h-T organ
izations. Our committee telegraphed to thi
representatives of the two northern roads
at St. Paul, statin? ;hat we hoped the dis
criminating rales of last year would be dis
continued.
Next day n committee from the Whole
pale .Hardware Association of San Fran
cisco called to demand that the Hoard of
Trade rescind its action. They argued that
because the conference at St. Paul was not
diecusPirp ratfs generally we should with
draw our attitude in the interest of the suc
cess of the'ffan Francisco jobbers. We were
anxious to see our neighbors prosper, but we
felt that in view of the wrong done lfist
vtar tn (he mixed carload shippers we could
not withdraw the telegram.
A ffcw days ago the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association of California pent
out a circular explaining their part in fram
ing; lnst year's freight rates. They nd
mitted having petitioned for an equalization
of rates, but disclaimed any Intention to
discriminate. They secured an advance of
CO to 100 per cent on westbound mixed car
loads, while the advance on carloads was
practically nothing except a small Increase
in a few instances, on the whole securing
for the transportation companies millions
more revenue, which will come from the
California merchants and consumers It
Is possible that the Oakland Hoard of Trade
cannot do anything to rectify matters, only
to protest. Even that privilege is nom* satis
faction under the circumstances.
As for the boast of the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association .it California,
GRAPE-NUTS.
* CONSIDERABLE |*
*? CURIOSITY *
g. has been expressed about •*
«£ THE NAME £.
•^+ of the Famous Food *y
| Grape=Nuts |
Jfe See Below Sop £L,
jh. Explanation.
DERIVATION OF CRAPE-
NUTS.
Thought was applied and experi-
ments conducted for about two years
seeking to perfect a food easy for the
Intestinal digestion and yet make use
of the carbo-hydrates, albumen and
phosphate of potash obtained from the
grains.
Success came, and luckily the scien-
tific food was found to have a most
delicious and delicate sweet, that of
the grape-sugar to be seen glistening
on the granules. That suggested the
llrst part of the now famous name.
The last part, "Nuts," is purely fanci-
ful, the compound word Grape-Nuts
being a coined word, having no actual
meaning, a necessary feature to con-
form to the rules of the United States
Patent Office on the registration of
trade marks.
"Grape-Nuts" is a duly registered
trade mark protecting the most famous
food of the day from counterfeiters.
Price 15 cents per package.
MORNING WEDDING
AT ST. PAUL'S
President Phillips of the Sons
of St. George United to
.Miss Jlgnes Johnson.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 908 Broadway. June 5.
A' little church wedding took place to-day at St. Paul's. Rev.
Dr. Ritchie uniting in marriage Frederick Phillips, the popular presi
dent of the Sons of St. George, nd Miss Agnes Johnson. The bride
is the daughter of Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Johnson, whose home Is at
1061 West street. She is an accomplished planlste and has made a fine
record in musical circles. Mr. Phillips is a business man of this city,
coming here many years ago rom Redding. Bng., where he was born. The
interior of the church was beautifully decorated by the friends of the bride,
and the wedding was celebrated at 10 o'clock in the presence of a large num
ber of invited guests.
After the ceremony a banquet was served at the home of the bride's par
ents. Prominent among the decorations .'.■:• the American flag and the Brit
ish colors. There was a season of music, toasts and speeches, after which
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Phillips departed for Southern California, where
they will spend a couple of weeks, after which they will reside In this city.
Among the guests present at the wedding were: Mr. and Mrs. T. W. John
son, Miss Agie Cooper, Miss Josie Keffer, Miss "W. W. Duncan, Miss J. Pol
litf, Miss S. Rolon. Miss May Spencer, Miss Katie Mullen. Miss Carrie King,
Mr. and Mrs. A. Dingle, Mr. and Mrs. B. King, Mr. and Mrs. J. G." Roberts]
Mrs. E. J. Read, L. M. Balou, George Fake, A. J. Wilson, B. H. Rowen, H.
Spencer and C. Johnson.
who say "fur
wi ' h
. mtes and claim t!.:it we
• In that ■
In raising wi tooun l ■
• -
iat'-s reduced. The
have evidently seen 'he unfalrn
Milwaukee schedule of last year, !
their breaking away from the discrimina
nt that tariff and ignoring the
M. J, KelW was the director
Francis n who wat
removed and then toW thai 11 waa thought
he had sent In his resignation.
BIG SURPLUS
IS DANGEROUSLY
NEAR A DEFICIT
Native Sons Expected
Too Much.
Oakland Office Ban Vr.,-
Broadwa . , June 5.
Th r -f are a few very II d Na
tive B I» ; i ' ; tr ht • ra In City, a lid
there are othen who are not at ail sor
rowful that tin- recent much-heralded
n Carnival was ;t huge failure so far
• . purpos< lor which it was organized
■ ■■<].
Chairman Cushing of the executive com
; mittee gave away the whole secret this
afternoon. "Tin- boys have themselves to
blame for not making a pile of money at
the carnival," said Mr. Cushing. "1
j first place we w< irmonious. There
are four parlors of Native Suns ami one
of Daughters In this city, yet only two of
. them were taken into the proposition. I
j was in favor after the affair was started
| of combining our parlor, Oakland, with
(Brooklyn. Athens am) Aloha parlors, but
' there was i in the commits c on
the ground that ir we made a thousand
dollars we should have t" divide 11
tween half a dozen parlors, and i-^me of
the Oakland boys wanted it all them
selves.
"Then it was reasonably supposed th.-it
we should sell many more season tickets.
There were 2Z> members of Oakland i'.ir
jor and Piedmont Parlor of Nativi Daugh
ters, and we thought each one would ■I]
at least five season tickets. As a roatti t
of fact there were Just 371 season t!<
Bold. Then the boys did not patronise it
themselves. They did not take any inter
est in it. and us a result we may have $40
over or we may come out just even. We
cannot blame the manager, lor he kept
his part faithfully. Hut some of th° bo- th
committees dirt not show Rood bußl
judgment. Instead of going B round rind
getting presents of tiling t i be i
for and to sell in the booths, me. young
ladles went out and purchased them ana
the billy flocked in faster fhaa we could
file them. That is not the way to make
money out of a benefit fete. However, the
hoys of Oakland Parlor an- not sore about
it f. >r they will nil put their hands in their
pockets and dig up Jlu or $20 apiece to
make a Showing In the Jubilee Carnival,
for our parlor always takes the lead on
such occasions. All the committees
worked hard, but they were not support
ed."
The purpose of the carnival was to raise
money so that Oakland Parlor could make
an extraordinary showing in the festivities
of the Btati carnival, when the Goldrn
Carnival closed it was reported that $3000
had been cleared. Later the amount was
out down to MOO. Still later to IKM. The
executive committee will meet to wind up
it? affairs on Wednesday evening and it is
hop»d that they will not have to report a
deficit.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1899.
IT WILL SOLICIT
MANY SUBSCRIPTIONS
FOURTH OF JULY COMMITTEE
HAS NOT ENOUGH MONEY.
: The Executive Committee of the Fourth
|of July Committee having in charge
the arrangements for the celebration of
that day, met In their headquarters in
the Grand Hotel last night, with Chair
! man George R. Fletcher presiding. The
fl Howing resolution was unanimously
adopted by the committee:
Resolved. That the thanks of the Fourth of
: July Committee be and the same are hereby
tendered to General R. IT. Warfleld for his
jrenrrous offer of rooms at the California Hotel
for headquarters; also to
The Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
-1 ■<■■■-■ for placing telephones in the committee
rooms and use of same free of charge; and to
The Indlanapolli Furniture Company, for fur
nishing necessary desks; and be it further '
Resolved, That the secretary of this com
mittee-be ami is hereby instructed to forward
f o the respective parties named herein a copy
of these resolutions.
The Finance Committee reported that it
had decided to solicit subscriptions among
the merchants, as the appropriation of
$..000 Is not sufficient for a proper celebra
! tion. The committee arrived at this con
clusion in view of the fact that the First
California Regiment will be home by the
Frurth. and the occasion will be one upon
which too much honor can not be done
the brave boys. They propose in conse
quence of this fact to make the celebra
tion this year one that will be remember)
for all time. No one but the members
, of the Finance Committee will be allowed
to solicit subscriptions.
I A i gram will be sent to General
Smith requesting him, it" possible to be
hero by the Fourth of July. The Naval
Ccmmittee, consisting of XV. J. Herrin. Z.
U. Dodge and John M. Chretien, reported
that it had had an authoritative assurance '
I from General Shafter that the First Call
| fornla Regiment will be here in time to !
join in the celebration of the Fourth.
James li. O'Brien nominated John M
Chretien for the position of vice chairman
Di the Executive Committee, and he was
unanimously elected.
ALLEGED WIDOW JAMES.
—
The case of the estate of tho late Dr.
<"haiies A. James has been sent back to
the Superior Court for a retrial by the
Supreme Court This litigation has at
tracted some little attention in this city.
I>r. James owned valuabh property on
Howard street, and BOOn after his death a
1 young woman claiming to be his widow
and giving the name of Mrs. Laura Milen
, James made, on behalf of herself and In
fant son, a claim to a share of the prop
erty. In this she was contested by an
other woman, also declaring herself to be
widow of the deceased.
In the lower court l^aura based her
claim to relationship on a marriage con
tract dated January, 1896. The .Ju<![:" of
the lower court did not place much con
fidence in the contract or the relatlon
i ship, and decided that she was not the
widow of the deceased James and that
the infant child was not his. The court
made a decree for the distribution of the
i state to those believed to be entitled
thereto. At the same time the court de
ni< d a motion for a new trial of the case.
It was from this that the appeal was
taken.
The higher court in reviewing the evl
and ruling's of the lower court con
-1 that gross errors had been made in
the admission of certain testimony and )
the rejecting of other testimony. Upon
the grounds Of error the judgment and
order were reversed and the case sent
back for a new t ri;il.
Collection Agents at Outs.
Ji:le- c. Qamage, manager of the Hard-
Ing Collection Agency, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Treadwell'a court yester
day for the arrest of M. H. Harding on
(he charge Of disturbing the peace. There
has been trouble between the two as to
the management of the agency, and June
1 Harding met Oamage on Jackson and
Taylor streets and a row followed.
DR. C, R, BROWN
WAS "SURPRISED"
BY HIS FRIENDS
Six Hundred of Them
Storm His House.
THEY WANT HIM IN QAKLAND
A UNIQUE DEMONSTRATION LED
BY MAYOR SNOW.
Effort to Keep the Pronounced Ant.
Expansionist From Accept
*^g the Stanford
Chaplaincy.
I One of the most remarkaVie demonstra
■ tions ever held in Oakland was made lost
i night when a crowd of Gf'O people, led by
Mayor Snow and Rev. J. K. McLean,
went from the church to the home of Rev.
C. R. Brown, pastor of the First Con
| gregational Church, to testify to their de
cision that they did not want Dr. Brown
i to accept the offered chaplaincy at Btan
for University.
This demonstration is all the more re
markable because Rev. C. R. Brown is a
very pronounced anti-expansionist, and
his recent lecture before the Sons of the
American Revolution caused a heated de
bate and it was desired to expurgate his
speech before publishing It in pamphlet
form.
The meeting called last night was for
the purpose of having the congregation
: express its views In the matter of the pas
; tor accepting the call from Stanford.
Mayor Snow presided, and after speeches
by Judge Hall, Senator Earl, C. W. Kel
i logg, R. H. Chamberlain and Judge J. M.
Havens, a letter was prepared by a com
; mittee consisting of Judge Havens, R. H.
Chamberlain and Cary Howard. The
salient features of the letter are as fol
lows:
The members of your church and con
nregatlon have read disquieting statements
In the dally papers to the effect that you
have hail under careful consideration on
Invitation from Stanford University to ac
cept a position In that institution. These
statements have caused serious alarm not
i only to your own church and congregation,
but to the wider public throughout the Pa
cific Coast, who have come to recognize your
power for good as a Christian minister in
j First— It Is respectfully submitted that It
you now resicn your pastorate your work
in Oakland for nearly three years will be
largely lost. Your pulpit at this time would
i leave the congregation in danger of dis
ruption, with no adequate force of cohesion.
The continuously large accessions to the
church anil Increase of attendance on its
vices during your ministry here are evi
dently tra. cable to your personal Influence.
; ' Second— lt Is further respectfully sub
' mitted that there cannot be any other field
of labor where the opportunities for abund
ant harvests In the vineyard of your Master
I will be as certain as are offered in your
i present pastorate. Your congregations are
: not changed each year. Very few pastors
are loved as you are loved by your people.
Your Virile thoughts are scattered far and
wide In the columns of the Pacific. Your
! Sabbath evening services are eagerly at
! tended by a non-churchgoing and largely
| float in: population.
i Third— Not a communion has passed since
you came to this peopS* without accessions
to this church. At the price of much sacri
fice the heavy indebtedness of the church
i has been liquidated. Clear of debt, and with
united, sentiment of devotion to duty, the
church is about to enter upon the fourth
year of its history under your pastorate
with clearer manifestation of God's ap
proval and lance than ever before,
i Fourth— Your people are not unmindful of
the attractions offered you. Hut has it not
been the long pastorates— those o(
i Ptorrs and Beecher and Brooks and some
of the Pacific Slope— which have been the
richest in blessing to pastor and people
alike? Can you expect to permanently In
■ fluence a large community of young people
who have no homes, and who are only tem
porarily residents at the university? There
Is doubtless force In the suggestion that the
: presence of Fueh a man as the pastor of
thin church is a need felt at Stanford Uni
versity: but will it not be easier for Stan
ford University to secure the services of the
! needed man than for this church and con
gregation to find another Charles H. Brown,
who as pastor and preacher, Is trusted ana
loved by every one? It may be a disappoint
ment to the president and faculty c£ Stan
ford University If the pastor of this church
declines their invitation, but there will not
be 1200 or more broken-hearted and discour
aged parishioners refusing to be comforted.
• There will be no disrupted congregation. Its
scattered members asking "Where now Is
our teacher?" The united and tearful ex
! clamation of every man, woman and child
of your congregation la "We cannot let
him BO." ...v-:.-
No sooner had the committee been in
structed to bear the' letter to Rev. Mr.
Brown than a suggestion from Dr. J. K.
McLean was unanimously adopted that
all those who were able march to the
pastor's home at 322 Twenty-second
street. Rev. Dr. McLean and Mayor
Snow were chosen as leaders, an adjourn
ment was taken and the entire assem
blage marched out and practically
stormed their pastor's home.
As Rev. Mr. Brown stepped to the door
to answer the bell and receive the com
mittee, the pastor's favorite hymn,
"Blessed Be the Tie That Binds Our
Hearts in Christian Love," was sung.
That the pastor was completely overcome
with surprise was plainly visible in his
features, the tears in his kindly eyes and
the tone of his voice as he responded to
the reading of the letter.
"I cannot trust myself to speak to you
to-night," said Rev. Mr. Brown, pdrtly
regaining his composure. "1 cannot at
this time express my heartfelt apprecia
tion over this demonstration. 1 thought I
knew how much 1 loved our church, but
1 never knew how much you all loved
me. It Is not a matter of choice in at
tractions, and 1 know that you have all
prayed that God might givo me strength
and direct me in this matter: he gather
ing under this roof to-night indicates your
Bincere sentiment. I can only say that I
thank you and ask you for your constant
prayers that an All-Wise Being may
guide me. 1 cannot trust myself to speak
further to you to-night."
While in his words the layman might
llnd couched some doubt as to Rev. Mr.
Brown's final and definite answer, most
of those who called on him to night ex
press little doubt as to their victory. Rev.
Mr. Brown is not a man to be swept
away with the tide of any demonstration
or Impulses. His decision therefore would
follow only a calm and earnest delibera
tion on his part.
Rev. Mr. Brown has now had the propo
sition from Stanford under consideration
for the past seven weeks, though in the
event of an acceptance his charge would
not take effect until September, 1900.
Stanford expects his answer this week.
NO EXPURGATION.
Warren Olney Publishes Rev.
C. H. Brown's Sentimen's
Against Imperialism.
The Rev. C. R. Brown of Oakland in de
livering an address before the Sons of
the American Revolution upon "The Ride
of Paul Revere" stirred up his audience
by an eloquent excoriation on imperial
ism and expansion. His listeners were
divided in their convictions and latterly,
when Warren Olney published the ora
tion, the expansionists exerted every
means to have that portion of the speech
which referred to imperialism stricken
from the pamphlet. Warren Olney would
not permit a line, to be eliminated. That
part of the speech to which the opposi
tion took umbrage is as follows:
1 wonder how many of our soldiers yonder
around Manila to-night know why they, are
there shooting naked savages! What deep un
derlying principle of political Justice makes It
necessary for them to be there at all? I listen
soberly while ministers of the KOSDeI tell us
that we are doing It In the interests of {'Chris
tian civilization." I read slowly when ' Jubi
lant newspapers speak In glowing terms about
the soread of a "beneficent Anglo-Saxon Im
perialism." Perhaps I am - old-fashioned, but
1 cannot make It seem right. In the glorious
days of which wo have been talking to-night
we founded a greater and a stronger nation, be
cause we claimed the right to govern the sml
i>n which we lived And now by a strange in
version of our ideas we are fighting the help
less niir.inos because, forsooth, the- claim the
same rieht'. Taxation without representation
*aa tyranny when applied to us. Now, by BOrne
fhuflling of terms it is to be called "philan
thrnphy" arid "benevolent assimilation" when
applied to a rnce weaker than ourselves. I am
forced to believe that some of the propositions
put forward in these days as "up-to-date
American doctrine" would be sadly confusing
to such slmnle and Orthodox old patriots as
Sam Adams and George Washington.
I cannot understand those men who see some
thing grand In transforming our rrestdent.
hitherto a plain democratic official. Into a
quasi king, wearing for the Inferior races
which we shall have conquered a crown of
"beneflce t nt imperialism." I cannot understand
the desires of those who would turn away from
the noble history of a people, homogeneous In
home. In language, in allegiance to on? r°liKi'->n
and in loyalty to one body of democratic prin
ciples, governing themselves nnd offering a
pine,, of refuge for the burdened of every land,
in order to enter upon the uncertain pathway
of expansion into strange and threatening
difficulties. They tell us that these old-fash
ioned American methods have mmle a certain
"Kittle America." and that r."W these Import !
Kuropean methods will transform us into a
"Greater ".nierica." Mr. Chairman. I cannot
believe it. The America frr which I hope and
pray Is an America larger in size, richer in
resource, more fertile In opportunity, more
powerful as an intellectual and moral force in
the world that was the America of a hundred
years ago, hut at its heart eternally true to
the principles of Paul Revere, of Sam Adams
and of John Hancock, of Thomas Jefferson and
of the Immortal Washington.
SONS OF VETERANS
OF CALIFORNIA
OFFICERS ELECTED AT THIR
TEENTH ENCAMPMENT.
The annual encampment of the Sons of
Veterans, Division of California and Ha
waii, was held yesterday in Ruby Hall,
Red Men's building. The several camps
lit" the State were represented by forty
five delegates who, with the division offi
cers, were present and were presided over
by Commander Charles L. Pierce.
The reports of the various officers thai
| were presented showed that the order in
■ this iStat*> is in ;i flourishing condition
and that numerically and financially it
stands better now than it ever did before.
The previous encampment, it appeared
from the report of Commander Pierce,
was held cm the 21st day of April, 1898, the
| day that war was declared as existing
j with Spain, and that day the division,
; whose members are all Instructed in the j
art of war. tendered its services to Presl
<!i til Me Kin ley and in a short time nine I
! companies were ready to be muster* .1 in.
but as an organization no call was made
for it by the President. On the 2lst of
j June the organization was granted per
mission by the Governor of California to
' bear arms.
On the Sth of June Commander Pierce
gave authority for the ellgibles of the
Tenth Regiment to organize Dewey Camp,
and on the 4th of July, as the transport on
which the Pennsylvanlans wen-, was
crossing the equator, four ellglbles were
mustered in.
During the session Commander Pierce
was voted the gold cross of merit in rec
ognition of his services for two years and
1 the silver cross was voted to Past Com
i manders F. W. Bunnell. Lewis p. P.
Callahan and C. J. Callahan. This is the
first time that the gold cross has been
voted to any one in California.
A telegram of congratulation was read
from F. L. Shephard of Chicago, the com
mander-in-chiei.
The following officers were elected for
the current term: Harry T. Moore of Fair
Oaks Camp, San Francisco, commander;
Dr. A. i ;. Bennett of Bherldan Camp, San
Jnse, senior vice commander; Frank R.
Handler of Fair Oaks Camp. San Fran
cisco, junior vice commander; W. E.
Bartlett of San Francisco, W. L. Barn
ham of San Jose and A. J. Weinert of
Oakland, division council; Albert E. A<b
of San Bernardino, John Wagener of
Modesto, George A. Richardson of i\,s.-i
--dena and M. E. V. Bogart of Ventura.
delegates to the commandery-in-chiel
that is to meet in September in the East.
Commander Mo. .re appointed W. J.
l.uekhart of San Francisco, adjutant;
Frank C. Shipley of Oakland, inspector.
lie will make the other appointments
i later.
Last evening the elected and appointed
officer* were Installed by Past Commander
Bunnell, after which there was a ban
quet at the Fairmount,
The words "and Hawaiian Islands" were
stricken from the name of the encamp
ment, aa that territory is now a part of
the United States.
To-day the delegates and officers wilJ gu
on an excursion on the bay.
Mission Business Men Sanguine.
The Mission Business Men's Association
ai its meeting last night expressed It
self as being well satisfied with the pros
pects of having Valencia Btreet repaved
from its Intersection with Twenty-sixth
tn Market and Van ..ess avenue.
Secretary K. S. Harrison reported an es
timate which had been made by an ex
pert of th>' possible expense of the entire
.• something like $60,000. Deducting
from this amount the probable value of
the basalt blocks now on the street at
$7u»iO, WOUld leave the Ilerures this much
less.
Those were the figures laid before tho
executive' rommitteo of t h<- Merchants'
Association at the meeting held by that
body with the directors of the Buslxiees
Men's Association at a recent meeting.
Encouraging words were spoken of tn-;
kind manner In which the proposition was
received by the greater association from
the lesser representing the Mission peo
pit .
Acting in harmony with other improvo
ment associations and clubs, the Valen
cia street merchants unanimously passed
the following r> solution:
"Hr it resolved. That it is the sense of
the Mission Business Men's Association
to oppose the granting of any and all
street railroad franchises I>< fore the op
eration of the new charter."
Director Flageollet spoke with consid
erable feelinp on the manner in which the
school teachers had been treated by being
deprived of their junt and honestly
earned salaries. He said: "Out of all the
city employes there were none who more
honestly performed their duties to the
public, and to deprive them of the wages
w;<s an outrage and an injustice."
A similar plefl was made for the mer
chants who had supplied the city with
goods in Rood faith. They. too. should be.
paid their claims.
These remarks met with tho indorse
ment of the other merchants of the as
sociation. __________________
SUICIDE ENDS DEBAUCH.
Rejected by a Woman, a Watsonville
Man Kills Himsalf.
SAXTA f'RrZ, Juno s.— James Jnrott
shot himself twice in the head in a dis
orderly house here this morning 1 . Ho died
this afternoon. Jarett. whose home was
Watsonville, recently sold a saloon in that
town and proceeded to spend the money.
lie foil in lovo with Ruth Mascott, a wo
man in the house whore the suicide oc
curred, but .she rejected his attentions.
This morning he entered her room
through a window find hid under the bed.
When she came into the room she smelled
tobacco smoke and sent for the police.
When they entered the room Jarett lired
tWO bullets into his own hem).
Ruth Mascott testified at the Coroner's
inquest that she was afraid Jarett would
kill her and last evening refused to Bee
him. Jarett effected the entrance to her
room by breaking a pane of plans ; • n r l
unfastening the catch. Before the officers
entered the room Jarett shot himself In
the right temple. When the smoke
cleared away the officers saw Jarott hold
ing a pistol pointed at them with one
hand, while a bottle of whisky was in the
other. He pulled the cork out with his
teeth, took a drink and then fired another
shot into hip head. All this time he was
lying under the bed.
Retired Merchant Dies.
SAN JOSE. June s.— Seligman Weil
hoimer. a pioneer of Mountain View, died
yesterday after a comparatively short ill
ness. He was a native of Germany, aged
73 years. He settled in Mountain View
in 1859 and engaged in a general merchan
dise business. This he conducted till a
few years ago, when he turned it over to
his sons. A widow and five grown chil
dren survive him.
Identity of a Dead Man.
MARYSVILL.E, June s.— lt is thought
the name of the man who was killed by
the Knights Landing train in Slitter
County on Sunday was Clarence Leary.
As yet no relatives of the dead man have
been located.
Yosemite Hotels Crowded.
RAYMOND. June s— Two special en
gines, hauling five sleepers, arrived here
yesterday. The present travel to the
Yosemlte Is the heaviest in years. The !
late rains have put the roads into excel
lent condition. Owing to the large num
ber of tourists In Southern California. I
special cars have been run from Los An
geles. The hotels are crowded. Among
the distinguished guests are the Rocke
feller party the Oliver Anif-s party and
Governor Gape, accompanied by the Y>>
semite Commission. All of these parties ;
have private cars now sidetracked here.
BLOCKS PROSECUTION
OF OPIUM SMUGGLERS
San Quentin Official Refuses to Sur-
render Convicts for
Trial.
SAN RAFAEL, June s.— Captain J. C.
Edgar, representing the ban Quentin Pris
on authorities, and Sheriff Will P. Taylor,
officiating on behalf of Marin County,
came together to-day with a thud that
smashed th> v machinery of the law and re
sulted in confusion. The clashing was the
sequel to what is supposed to have been
the "line w<>rk" of the San Quentin opium
rlne and may ultimately produce the de
sired effect of completely nullifying the
bill adopted by the Legislature making it
a felony to brfng opium or other narcotics
into the prison grounds.
A month ago Walter Furnish and Luis
Perrez, convicts formerly working on the
linr of the Tiburon boulevard, were
thrown into the dungeon lor having smug
gled opium. Both men were raught in the
act and evidence was found on their per
sons. Warden Hal* decided to make a
test cas.- under the new law and had Dis
trict Attorney Mclsaac prosecute the men.
Their preliminary examination has oc
curred and to-morrow they will be ar
raigned in the Superior Court.
This afternoon Sheriff Taylor went after
the nun. Captain Edgar, in the absence
of the Warden, refused to surrender them
without an order from the Superior Court.
Judge Angellotti refused to issue such an
oraer, for the reason that he believed he
had no authority to do so. This evening
Hale asserted he would submit the case
to the Attorney General for a decision.
Greal surprise is caused by the reluc
tance of the prison authorities to give the
convicts into the Sheriff's hands.
as their prosecution was under
taken at Male's direct request. It
is alleged his peculiar action is
dv( f> mysterious hints thrown out by the
"opium ring" that when the men were
placed in Taylors hands there was no law
to prevent their being bailed out. when
they could flee the country. If this be
true the new law can never become opera
tive. Competent legal authority, how
ever, claims that such reasoning is ab
surd, as in case the convicts were admit
ted t.i bail, nothing could prevent the pris
on officials Im ing on hand to take them
back to San Quentin.
To Drive Out Nickel Machines.
SAN RAFAEL, June "..—An ordinance
prohibiting the use of nickel-ln-the-slot
machines "f all kinds was introduced at
the meiting of the Board of Town
Trustees this evening by Trustee Henry
Bchlosser. It was carefully prepared by
Attorneys Thomas P. Boyd and Henry
Eickhoff and makes it a misdemeanor,
punishable by fine and imprisonment, to
Keep any machine of the class named,
whether winnings are paid in cash <>c
trade. The ordinance was introduce at
the requesi of a large number of citizens
on account of the number of boys who
have been in the habit of playing the ma
chines, and undoubtedly it will be adopted
at the next meeting.
Cathedral Poor Boxes Looted.
SACRAMENTO, June 6.— Last night
thieves entered the cathedral here and
robbed the poor boxes. Thrse were of
Iron and riveted to <he walls. They were
pried off and broken. The boxes had
been emptied only a few dilys before and
i i ntalned but small sums. The burglars
made an att< mpt to break open the taber
nacle, but were unsuccessful.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
|
Santa Fe Route
The ONLY LINE With Its Own
Tracks California to
Chicago,
Every day In the year Pullman
Palace and Pullman Upholstered I
Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole ,
at 5:30 P. M. for CHICAGO and the
EAST. •
Close connection In Union Sta-
tions at Junction points.
DINING ROOMS are managed by j
MR. FRED HARVEY, and are per- j
feet In every detail, serving sump-
tuous meals at regular hours and
reasonable rates.
No other line offers so many In- i
ducements as the SANTA FE route.
SAN fRJIKCISCQ TICHTlfiiK— MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 153 L
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clan St.
A Superb Train
,^jg^ EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
Iffllliiiofl Pacific.
SAN FRANCISOO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS ;
WITH BARBER SHOP.
DOUBLE DRAWING ROOM SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING CHAIR CAR 3.
PULLMAN TOURIST SLEEPERa
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY IH DAYS TO CHICAGO.
, Leaves San Francisco dally at I p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent
Ho. 1 Montgomery street, San Francisco. -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vis SatunUt* Parry.
Commencing April 23, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND BAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; I
•1:45, 8:20, 4:00. 6:15, •8:00. 6:SO p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 5:00 and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDA/S— "8:00, •9:00. 'lO^. 11:00. 11: i
a. m.: 1:00, «1:45. -2:30. »4:00. 5:10, 6:43 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:10 p. m. does not run to Mill VaPy Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to Ban Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-6:25, •«:40. 7:55. 8:40, »10:20
a. m.. 12:10. 2:15. *3:40, 4:36, 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, »8:00, •9:45, »10:43, ni:4s
a. m.. 1:00. 2:20. 'SiSO, »5:15. »«:00. 7:00. 10:13 ;
p. m. .
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:50, 7:65. 8:66. 10:S5
a. m.; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8-.00. 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1:20. 2:40. 3:55. 6:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns. : -
1:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reves and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'na.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN :
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899, trains will ran as fotloww
South-bound. J North-bound.
Piemen- Mixed. Mixed. Fassen- |
Ber. Sunday Stations. . Sunday . ger. >
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'pt4 Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 6:00 pm r
1:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm'
10:40 am 5:33 pm, Fresno 8:30 am 2:42 pra '
11 :£S am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:43 pm
1:36 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am ;
11:69 am 6:25 pin Vlsalta , 1:40 am 1:22 pm 1
12:15 pm 6:63 pm Tulare 5:50 am 1:06 pm
: Stopping at Intermediate points mm required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Qiflcs, 311 Market
1 *nmt. Pan F r i > I<!a - - " " - ■ — ■ —^ >
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1
JpARTEftS'
SIGK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. „
Small Pill, Small Dosa.
Small Price.
y*^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
■ n riiiffl KtARXT ST Establish^
Vjlnn in 1H54 forthetrontmeatof Private
E Jjk^M^S Diseases, Lost Manhood Debility or
ft BBjMwSa disease wearing on body and mind and
5 nKsHXH Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
-S! llS^raSH otnei ' 8 fa "- Try him. Charges low.
■9HI9HH cm i « mull mil ill Callorwrite.
J>r. a. V' MIBBON, Box :'J37, .Saii Fiuncisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOI7TIIKRK PACIFIC COJIPAST.
(PACiriC SYSTEM.)
Train* l«»i»>«- ami lire <ln«- I <« iiirlfe at
NAN I'IUKCIMO.
, (Main Lino, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From June 1, 1839. — aiirtvb
7:00 a Benicia, Suiauu and Sacramento. ... 5: l.>p
?:OOa. .Varj-BVillo. OroTilluand Ucdding via
Woodland 5:J.lf
7:OOa Elmira, Vacaville and Ramsey 8:43p
7:3« a Martinez, .San K;imou,Vullejo, Kara,
t'aliftoga and Santa Rosa 6:13 i»
8:00 a Atlantic Uzpresa, Ogden and East.. 8:13r
»::t«A .San .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerville,
MarysTillc Chijo. l(«.lin.iff 4tl.Tr
8:3Oa 'Milton, Oakdale and .Sonora 4 : 1 5
0:00 a Haywarda. Niles and Way Stations. 11:45 a
0:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stooliton,
Merced and Fresno 12x15p
9iOOa Fresno, liakeralii'M. Santa liurliara,
ljos Angeles, Iteming, El Fbso,
New Orle»n3 and East 6: 15p
10:00 a. Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:43p
1 1 :oO.\ Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 2:43p
12:00 m JS'iiea, Llvermore, Stockton, Hacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, V'isalia,
fcrteirilio 4: 1 5p
•l:OOp Sacramento Ititer Steamers «*:00p
3:OOp Haywards, Nile* and Way Stations. 5: 15p
4 :««p Martinez, Han lUmon, Vallejo,
Napa, CaUnrotjK, Santa liosa 0:13*
4:00r Benicia. Vacavllle, Sacramento,
Wood and, Knights Landing,
MarysTille. <)ro»ille 10:43*
4:BopNi!es, Kan Josoaud Stockton 7:l?Sp
4:30p Yo3emito Sleeping Car for Raymond I»:tsr
s:OOpTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Sausus for Santa Barbara, .
Los Angeles 9:45*
3:30p Stockton, MerceiT, Freeno..... 12:13p
5:30p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
.MojaTe anil l.<* Angeles 8:45*
3:3(»p .Santa l'o Itonte, Atlantic J'.xpresg
f.irMi)ja»e en.l ICast 6j4.1p
' O:OOr Knropoaii Mail, Ogdeii and Kast 0:43*
G:OOr Haywarils, Niles and San Jobo 7:43 a.
•O:0Op Vallejo 1 2515p
7:<t<»i»OrCKoii lCxpreM.Hacrniiiento, Marys-
vfllo. !:■ IJlug, l'l.rtlnn.l. L'uett
Sound nml Kast 7:43 A
t"j#«r Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
Modi tiO:.->op
COAST DIVISION \itno\T Oiuiiro). ■ '
(Foot of Market Street.)
♦7:45 a Santa, Cruz Kxcursion t'er Santa
. Cruz and Principal Way Stations J8:03»
8:13 a NewailcCenteirillc.Kan Jose, Fclton,
Boulder Creek,Sant a Cruz and Way
Stations 3:30*
2il3p Newark. CenterTiUe, San Joso, New
Almaden, Fclton, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations 0:30*
4tl9p San Joae, Glentrood and Way Sta-
. tions. 0:80*
64:13pFeltoa, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tlong '..... / 0:30^
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSiH miNCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
♦7:16 0:00 11:00 A.M. 11:00 *2:00 {3:58
•1:00 J5:00 »6:00 p.m.
rromOSXliKD— Foot of Broadway.— : oo 8:00 10:00
t!2:00 »l:00 t3:00 '3:00 1 4:00 -«S:OJp.m.
(OAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third nnd Townscnd Sta.)
•6:10 a Ocean Viaw, South San Francisco.. *6:30J
•7:00 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Alinad.n Wednesdays only) l:30f
{7:30* Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santi Cruz, pMcifi' Grove and
Principal Way Stations JB:33f
SiOOa ««u Jose, Tres Plnos, Kuntii Cruit,
Pacilic (iroro, Paso Itublcs, Han
Luis oblspo. Guadalupe, Surf mid
Principal Way Stations :... *:!•*
lOilO* Sail Josu ami Way Stations *8tOO«
11i3Oa San J.>bo nml Way Stations 5:80*
*2:43r Sun Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sjin Jose,
Gilroy. Hollister. Santa Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Paciilc
(irOTe •10:38*
■!tt3OpSau Jose and Way Stations •0:004
San Joseaml Principal Way Stations 9:4.1*
•3:00p San and Principal Way Stations 6:35 *
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:33«
6:30p San Jose ami Way S'aHuns 7:30j
f11:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only*
ftSatnrday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAKY.
Tlbnron Perry, Foot o¥ Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00. 11:00 a. i::., 12:35,
»;30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra" trlß
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at i:at)
and 11:30 p. m. ' . ' '
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:80, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:W,
- 6:00, <:30 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:IO, 7:£o, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. 12:45.
8:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra, trips at
1:66 and <:SS p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40. 5:06.
i:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
•ame schedule as above.
Leave ' Arrlv«
Can Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
-, . . .... April 1«, • —
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. day*. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Pet&luroa. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
1:10 pro 6:00 pm Santa Koea. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
f :80 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Heaidsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle, .- ■
8:80 pm 8:00 am Oloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
T:80 am Hopland and 10:25 ant
1:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pa
T:80 am (10:25 am
8:00 am Quernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm ' 6:20 pro
T:3O am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:90 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm| 6:20 pra
7:80 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. [10:40 am 10:25 am
8:80 pm! 5:00 pm ! 7:35 pmj 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs 'and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoß
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggi
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
.port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichj
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laure)
Dell Lake. WJtter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno;
Potter Valley, John Pay's, Riverside, Lierley'a,
Bucknell'a. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvlll»,
Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro. • Whltesboro, Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino Cltr. Fort Bragg;
Wwtport. Usal, Wlllltts. Laytonville, Cum«
mine's, Bell's Springs, Harris, Ol sen's. Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets ai
' reduced rates. - : '^ - . -
I On Sundays round trip tickets to all polnu
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bide
H. C WHITING, R.X.RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
MOUNT TAMALPAIB SCENIC RAILWAY
1 Leave Sun * runclsco, via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1839.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. in., Returning Same Even-
Ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
BUN DATS, 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:31
and 4 p. m.
On May 30 Trains Run en Sunday Time.
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market gt.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
910
TWO NEW PASTORS WILL
SOON TAKE CHARGE
REV. P. J. CUMMINS.
SATXT PATRICK'S CHURCH is tn have a now pastor ami it is reported
on good authority that the Archbishop has appointed ih-' Rev. Father
P. J. Cummins of St. Charles Parish to the new appointment. The Rev.
Father James McDonald, who is now at St. Peter's Church and was
formerly editor of the Monitor after the departun Father
P. C. York.' for Europe, will, it is said, succeed the Rev. Father Cummins
Charles Parish. When Rev. Father Grey retired from the
• St Patrick's Parish, nowhblshop has appointed th< Rev. Father
■ is appointed temporary pastor by the Archbishop and it was re
; ir was very Improbable that the appointment would be made for
■ 1 months, but it is stated that Father Cummins will tak< charge of the
parish at one i .
Father Cummins is deeply loved by his parishioners and has donp ranch to
build up th>> parish and make the church popular at aJI tho services. Father
McDonald is also a hard-working and clever Bcholarly priest, who makes
friends wherever he by his quiet and yet courtly manners.
COMMENCEMENT
EXERCISES AT
ST, IGNATIUS
Literary Programme
of Great Merit.
COLLEGE HALL IS CROWDED
PRIZES ARE DISTRIBUTED TO
THE STUDENTS.
rhe Scientific Classes Will Give Their
Friends a Treat To-Morrow
Night — Degrees Will
Then Be Awarded,
The great udlti rium of St. Ignatius
: to overflowing la^t
night "n of the fortieth
commencement of tl thollc edu
stitution. The programme wis
tirely to literary exercises with
excellent music by the college orchestra
■ ptloi al nit-rit. Those who
participated in the exercises were the two
literary cl I the- college and the
ademic classes. The
••. hich will be the tea ■
tun- of the commencement, will tak -
place Wednesday night.
The progTammi ■ pened with a musical
tion by the college orchestra, fol
lowed by a Latin oration fmni Cicero by
James J. O'Hara, which was excellently
rendered and called forth the enthus
applause of the audience. Alfred .T.
Ited a !><■• m, "From Over the
s- in a vi ry acceptable manner, and
Louis X. Ryan delivered an essay on
"Elizabethan and Modern Poetry" : 'i fine
musical selections by the orchestra
preceding and following each number.
The f'<ll"wine students then entertained
tlv : th a Beries of scones from
"Macbeth," in which several of tho ama
teur tragedians showed considerable tal
ent:
Henry McCarty, rhetoric: FrfiV-rirk Murphy,
special; Daniel T. Murphy, special; Krftvard A.
poetry; William <;olii.-n, rhetoric; John
T. Sullivan, humanities; Hubert M Rumey,
rhetoric; Thomas W, Sullivan, firft academic;
<"v.n.ota:itin,- .1 Bchoen, lemlc; Wil
liam M. Foley, firs; academic; John J. Mawe.
■r.ir; }"aul Pt. Jnhn. special.
At the conclusion of the literary pro
priimmp Father Superior John I. FHeden,
president of the college, distributed the
prizes t" the members of the academic
and literary classes .-is thHr names were
YOUNG VOLUNTEER
SEES HARD FIGHTING
PRIVATE ALFRED W. McLEAN,
onf of the youngrest volnnteerfl
now in the Philippines, has writ-
Mrs. J. Himmi-lmann, of the perils
fif war v. ith the Tagaln. McLean
is the youngest BOldier with his n-Ki
ment, although not the youngest who
wont out with the First California,
That distinction belongs to St. Clair
Moore, who went to Manila on the
Peking with the First Regiment band
and carried a musket when th<* regi
ment entered Manila. Young Moore
w.-is burn on May 16, I^2.
Writing to his mother Private Mc-
Lean says:
"On Valentine's day we were in Pa
teros and we all came near being killed.
Our major took us down to burn the
town. We did it, and then we h^d to
fight our way out again. We ran out
of cartridges and were just getting
ready for the last desperate clmnc'e, a
charge, when the Washington regi
ment came up and saved us."
Alfred W. McLean was born on May 4,
In the building belonging to Judge
Hyde, that wae torn down to make way
for the Chronicle Building. When the
Maine was blown up in Havana Harbor
McLean, though Inn fifteen years of ape,
was working as an apprentice in the
pattern shop at the Fulton Iron Works,
when the President called for 75,000 volun
teers, be at once joined the First Regi
ment He was urir. (,f the first to sign the
roll nt the armory and went to liis
work as usual, until he was notified by
Colonel "Jim" Smith to appear for duty.
< m May 4, 1898, his sixteenth birthday, he
ti ok the oath of allegiance, was must) red
in and went with his regiment on the City
of Pekir.g. He has been with his regi
tnent through all the battles, and on
August 13, 1898, though but sixteen years
old, he was in the big battle of Malate.
I!.- was also one of the platoon of Corn
]>;i!iy H that was detailed to march down
tlie" river and burn Guadalupe. and at
-I'.: nros when Companies C, M and H
fought their way out.
He Bays he has slept the sleep that only
a soldier knows on the stage or a theater,
and lined up and ate burnt beans In the
dress circle. The hardest time he had was
«t San Pedro, where tiiey fought lone and
rev. j. McDonald.
read by Rev. Father Woods. The young
collegians who were thus honored wen .
CLASS OF RHETORIC.
Christian Doctrine— Medal. Leo W. Simpson;
premium, Hubert M. Hussey; distinguished,
Joseph A. Murphy, Louis X. Ryan. Joseph .1.
Murphy. William P. Golden, John E. Hughes,
Constantine R. : ricca.
Latin and Greek— Medal. Hubert M. Hussey;
premium, Leo \v. Simpson; distinguished.
Joseph A. Murphy, Mil is X. Ryan. William IV
Golden. Joseph J. wrphy, Constantly It.
Brleca, John I-:. Hugh??.
English— First premium, Louis X Ryan; sec
ond premium, Hubert M. Hussey; distinguished.
Leo W. Simpson. Joseph A. Murphy. Joseph
J. Murphy. William P. Golden, John I-:.
Hughes, Constantine R. Brlcca,
Mathematics Medal; Leo W. Simpson; prem
ium. Constantine R. Bricca; distinguished, John
E. Hughes, James A. Murphy.
History— Premium. Louis Simpson; distin
guished. Joseph A. Murphy. Hubert M. Hussey,
Joseph J. Murphy, Louis X. Ryan, William P.
Golden.
Elocution— Premium, Joseph A. Murphy; dis
tinguished. Hem A. McCarty, Hubert M. Hus
sey, Leo W. Simpson, John E. Hughes. William
P. Golden, Constantine R. Brlcca, Joseph J.
Murphy.
POETRT.
Christian Doctrine— Medal. Alfred J. Cleary;
premium. Edward A Foley; distinguished, John
M. Delehanty. George A. Sturla, Gregory 6.
Kast. Francis X. Williams.
Latin and Greek Medal, John M. Delehanty;
premium, Alfred J. Cleary; distinguished, Ed
ward A. Foley, Gregory S Kast, Philip J.
Spottiswood. George A. Sturla.
English— premium. Edward A. Foley;
second premium, Gregory S. Kast: distin
guished, John M. Pelehanty. Alfred .1. Cleary,
George A. Sturla, Philip J. Spottiswood, Fran
cis X. Williams.
Algebra Medal: John M. Delehanty Pre
mium: Alfred J. Cleary. Distinguished: Greg
ory S. Kast.
History— Premium: Edward A. Foley. Dis
tinguished: Alfred J. Cleary, Jonn M. Dele
hanty, George A. Sturla, Gregory S. Kast.
Elocution— Alfred J. Cleary. Dis
tinguished: Edward A. Foley, George A. Stur
la. John M Delehanty.
Special prize in poetry and humanities for
English versification— A. Foley. poetry.
Distinguished: William A. Hreen, humanities;
Alfred .1 Cleary poetry: James J. O'Hara,
humanities: Joseph M. Geary, humanities; John
T. Sullivan, humanities; Edward A. Carberry.
humanities.
In addition to th£ above a large num
ber of prizes was distributed to members
of tho academic classes.
Following is the programme for tho
scientific exercises to be rendered Wed
nesday evening:
Overture, "Castelan" <<=chlepegrel]). "Gavin"
(Furst), college orchestra; introduction. ■■!•<■■
Religi Sciential* Fautrice." Hubert M. Hus
sey, rhetoric: munic, "Serenade" (Titl), college
orchestra; lecture, "Gravity," Henry D Fan
ning; music, "Waltz" (Mears). college orches
tra; lecture, "Electrical Discharge in Air an i
V'acuo," Walter J. M. Williams, assistants at
both lectures, C. Carrigan. J. I trrii .-. W.
Dunne, J. Freechtle, L. Lennon; music, "rior
in.ly" (Marion). "L'Odaltsque" (Kretschmer),
college orchestra; distribution of ordinary
prizes in philosophical classes; distribution of
extraordinary wi2es in academic and college
courses; conferring of degrees; music, "Geor
gia" (Mills), college orchestra.
Two Women Severely Burned.
OAKLAND, June s.— Mrs. J. W. Boswell
and her daughter were severely burned |
about the bands and arms to-night white
attempting to extinguish a fire in th<-ir
basement at 1162 Twentieth street, caused
by the explosion in some unknown manner
of a can of gasoline. The Fire Depart- I
merit responded to an alarm and there
■was no damage to the building.
■ » ■
In Memory of Stephen J. Field
The Justlros of the Supreme Court me
yesterday in bank .".rui listened to an elo
quent memorial submitted by Judge M<r
row in memory of tlv late Juntio
Stephen Johnson Field. The Justices <ll
rected that the resolutions be spread upor
the minute books of the court.
Private Alfred W. McLean.
hard; where they ate canned horse and
musty rice, and were glad to get it.
He belongs to Company H. First Cali
fornia Regiment, United States Volun
teers. First Division of the First Brigade
of the Eighth Corps, and fought under
Anderson, Otis and King. He is the only
son of Mrs. Jennie Himmelmajin of this
city.
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 6, 1899.
THEY ALL DREAD COUNTY
EXPERT'S PARING KNIFE
CONSTABLE CLAIMS FOR MAY
CONSIDERABLY SLASHED.
Even Uncle Collis Presents a Dupli
cate Bill for One Dollar and Is
Detected by Expert Bul
lock.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 5.
County Export E. B. Bullock's official
. knife is still directed apalnst the claims
: put in by Constables, and many bills put
i in by the constabulary for May came to
\ grief to-day before the Board of Super
visors. Even Coroner Mehrmann is not
i equal to coping with the keen quality of
the expert's scrutiny. In an effort to ob
viate the objections raised to his May
bill. Coroner Mehrmann very carefully
segregated the various items, putting the
undisputed items for inquests, etc., in a
separate bill amounting to $15*. The
charges for removing bodies to the
Morjrue were put into another bill, agrgre
pating $45, while the interments, at $2 per
body, amounting In whole to $28, were in
still another column. In this way the
Coroner had hoped that at least the in
disputable claim for |158 would be prompt
ily allowed. Sup< rvisor Roeth, chairman
of the Finance Committee, removed all
hopes bj laying the whole matter over
until next July.
A duplicate bill from the Southern Pa
! cific Company for $1 "for ground rent for
tank at Livermore," was also rejected
; under the eagle eye at the expert.
Constable P. 1.. White's claim for May.
amounting to $.42, has already been cut
.<:<•; 05 on account of error in constructive
■ mileage, and even then the claim was not
allowed because a further reduction is
expected.
Constable Harry Cramer's May claims
amount to $301 15, but Expert Bullock's
paring knife has not yet reached this
batch.
The $105 claim of Constable "Wiedler
and the ?L'2O claim of Constable William
-1 son sustained ;i slight cut and were al
lowed. Constable Joe Rodenick's claim for
I $40 65 from Washington Township was
reduced $12. while his companion Con
stable's bill of $m 55 was justly increased
si 50 on account of a miscalculation.
The bill Of George Cray. Constable Of Ala
meda, was a110w..! as correct. Constable
Ramage of Haywards was permitted to
withdraw his $200 bill for the last four
months, take it home and correct it. The
claim of Larkln Locke, Constable ol
Pleasanton for $50 was found correct and
allowed. The Constables of Emeryville
have tiled no claims for several months,
and it has been gently rumored that they
.1 the inquisitorial gaze of the Grand
Jury, but now that Expert Bullock lias
practically usurped this feature of the
Grarfd Jury's duty Emeryville Constables
are at a loss to know where they stand.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
A benefli enterraJnment will be given .'it
Pythian Hall Tuesday nighi to help two
unfortunate children from Cuba who are
motherless and whose father is in an
A.m< rican lunatic asylum, a victim of
Spanish cruelty.
The Pastors' League of the First Pres
byterian Church will be addressed on
Tuesday night by Hon. Hugh Craig on the
•. "The Nicaragua Canal."
class of '99 of our Lady of Lourdes
Academy held its graduating exercises
to-night in St. Anthony's Hall. The grad
uates were Miss Eleanor J. Brodt-rick and
Miss Katliryn E. lVf rs.
Edward A. Schaffer was arrested for in
sanity this afternoon. He was found
kneeling and praying in the street. He
i.s aged about _'T years and claims to re
side In San Francisco.
Mrs. I. A. Beretta, wife of the optician,
.... this afternoon at her home, 872 Ho
bart street, after an illness of but ten
days.
K. Abraham to-day obtained an order
frmn Judge Hall revoking the probate
pr 'dings on his •
thai since he is in the land &f the living
hie effects be returned i<> him by the
ex-Public Administrator.
Annie Derindlngi r, aged 12 years,
broug Ing l tospitaJ b<
months ago and kept there since, has
been sent to the Home for Feeble Minded
at Glen Ellen.
M. Hellman was sentenced by Police
Judge Smith to-day to pay a fii f $40
pend twenty days in the City Prison
on conviction for embezzlement. Hellman
spent bis employer's monej for beer.
J 11. Eickhofl of .Mam. da and H. C.
Petry " ! this city were appointed mem
■ i the County Board of Education
to-day.
The contest of Margaret 11. AmbridGre
to break the will or' th< late Captain John
E. Burns, deceased, has been com
promised and withdrawn, and letters ■<(
administration were to-day issued to the
widow. Thenla J. Iturnp.
Admiral Dewey Camp, Army and Navy
Republican League, has pass< d resolutions
"deprecating the action of so-called
Americans who are criticizing the policy
of ih<- administration, atui classing them
as traitors to their country and ilatf."
Major Heuer of the United States En
gim er's office to-day ml \ is*<] the Suptrr
visors in a letter that the time for ihe
completion of Webster Btreet bridge has
been extended to October l. l^ I .'!'. while the
time for the removal of Alice- Btreet bridge
lias t ■ « - *- t 1 <xv nded until November l
L 899.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, June 6.- At the last mwt
inik- of the Foung Ladies' Whist Club,
held at the home of Miss Alice Donovan,
2247 Ban Antonio avenue, the favors wero
won bj Miss Florence Mason and Miss
Violei A. Francis.
Horace •;. Platt will lecture Wednesday
night before t li» - Unitarian club. He will
discuss the Philippine question from an
expansionist's point of view.
The funeral of Nicola B. Perata, who
riici Friday from a stroke of apoplexy,
will be in-ill to-morrow.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Mary :irn] DennU Jordan to American Surety
Companj "i New fork, lot on W line of Web
ster street, 47 :4 Sof Grove, B 52:8 by \v 87:6
HO.
Same to same, lot nn X linp of Kulton street
lid i: ot Bteiner, E 27 by s i io ; jio.
Hunii Huddleston t-> Louisa II Huddlestcn
(wife of H >. loi ..n NX .-urner of Washing
ton and Spruce Btreeta, X 77:6 N 127^' t E6n
N 25, W 157:6, S 152:8%; Rift.
i: berf and Jennie I Pleper to Mary F. M.,r
ton (wife ■• Andrew), loi "ti w line "f Cole
street, 100 B ol Beulah, s 25 by W ion; $io
John .1. McConville to .1 I Flauer lot on w
line of Shotwell street, 66 B of Nineteenth S
3c by w ia:6: $275.
Mary Durkee to Elizabeth T. I>urkee. lot nn
W line of Hampshire street 200 8 of Temple
(Twonty-llftri). S 40 by W 100; gift
K.-t.-it. of Patrick Uriftln ii>\ James M drif
fln, admltilßtrator) to Timothy < ; r : rtin !.,t on
]-: line of Hyde str>-t-t, 112:« x of Valleio \
Z5 by E 82:6: 1780.
Thomas and Marjjaret A. Barber to I..ena
Jj. C. Shrakkart, lot on N linp of F'arinc street
160 X 1. 1 Leavenworth, E 23 by N 60; $10.
Ann Boyle (widow) to [sabelle >;. Boyle lot
on NW line of Tehama street, 3im H\V* of Klfth
H\\ 25 by NW 75;
McCarthy Company (a corporation) to Emma
Keele. lot M, block S4, Sunnyslde; {.in.
Emma Keele to Harry and Rose iiiia^nes,
Eame, $10.
Alameda County.
Elisabeth B. Hawea to Cpntral Paolflr Rail
road Company, lot "n X line of Blalne avanue
LT. N of Tenth slr^-t. N 50 by X 126, l>p|nK |,r - -
ti'.n of lota 10 and 11. blork M, HuntlnKton
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $1.
Fruitvale i>nnd Company (a corporation) to
same 10l on S line of enmity road, fHiklami to
San Leandro, 149.61 E ot Harrison avenue, E
8.07 by S 125, licink' portion of lot 4, blo--k C,
Brooklyn Township; $1.
Henry '/■■ Jones to Fred I'mnsmann, lots 9
and 1". block W, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; flft
Kilwin Whit comb to Annie C. KdgTen, lot on
S line of Huff avenue, 17" \v of Shuey, W W.SS
by S 135, In-inK B portion of lot 1. map of |..ir
tinn ol Bhuey estate, Brooklyn Township; tlO,
Archibald <;iiit> (by commissioner) to union
s.i\in(.;s Bank, l"t on N llnp of fWond street
"4 W of Harrison, W 20 by N r<r.. Jk-uik a portion
Of lots M to 23. block 1>;. Oakland; J2O3fi.
Jens and Gurnie M. Hansen (by comniis
r) to sanii-, lot on S line of B street. 108
E Ol < % iit.-r. X 2." by R 100. being lot F, block
795, reap ot H street subdivision of Watts Tract
Oakland; S'.Wt.
Rebecca Wurts (wife of M. L.) to Oeorpe K.
Holloway, l"t on VI lini> of San Pablo avenue
B of Qrayson street, S 49:6 by W 270, porl
tlon of lot 4 on corrected map of subdivision of
Snyder Hoint-ftpad Tract. Berkeley; $10.
R. H. Jr. and Sophie M. Masrill. F. Marouse.
.1 A. Bemntl and A. C. and Theresa Webb
(by commissioner) to Alameda Ravings Rank,
lut on NX comer nf Buena Vista avenue and
Lafayette street, N 125 by E 50, Alameda-
J2370.
William C Carey, administrator of the estate
of Kllrn Carey (by commissioner) to same, lot
on W corner of. Van Buren and Mound streets,
NW 103:11 by SW 12.">, block 93, town of Ala
meda, Alameda; $1610.
A. J. and Mary A. Larson to Frederick Bam
mann, lot on S line of Santa Clara avenue, 179
W of Pearl street W 43 by S 138, Alameda; $10.
H. M. Wood, G. W. Fisher, Puget Pound
Lumber Company, Calvin 13. White (as Sheriff),
W. B. Hodges (assignee) and Minnie Wood (by
commissioner) to same, lot on W line of Oak
street. 40 S of Clinton avenue, S 40 by W 130.
being lot 3, block A, Bellevue Tract, Alameda;
$1793.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Abram B.
Covalt, lot on S line of Sixteenth street. 13S W
of Adeline, W 2S by S 90, block 557, Oakland;
$11.
Same to George C. Church, lot on S line of
Sixteenth Btreet, 166 W of Adeline, W 2S by S
90. block 687, Oakland; HO.
J. H. and Agnes A. Simpson to James Schil
ling, lot on N lin<> of Thirty-sixth street, 656:5
W of Telegraph avenue, W 31 by X 150, sub
ject to a mortgage for $l!«i". Oakland; $10.
J. C. Dwyer, Levy and Mathilda Siebenhauer
to Meyer Max I. Brown, let on W line of
Filbert street 169 S of West Fifth, S 50 by W
I!'"., being lots' 36 an.l 37. block 4SO, Map of Ade
line and Market Street Homestead, Oakland ; $1.
Francisca M. an.l Francesco Bilva to F. C.
Thurber. lot on N line of Thirty-second street,
215 W ..f V>Vst W 60, X 91.84, E f.0.217, B 57.:-i
to beginning, being lot 5, block 241, Rowland
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Frederick and Louise Nlchelmann to Anna M.
Rlchtei, the » 4"..45 feet of lot 29, Map of Lands
Regent-Street IK. instead Association, Berkeley;
Emma K. James (by Tax Collector) to A. L.
Payne, N half of S ion feet of lot 6. Ghirardelll
Tract, tax deed, Brooklyn Township; $2.
A. L. and Abble C. Payne to Mary P. Mur
phy. Bame, quitclaim <l»-i-d; $5.
Lulu S. and William L. Taylor to R. M.
Rapaza lots 15 iiml 16. Mock R, Amended Map
Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Margaret Taylor to Joseph and John E. Tay
lor, lot "ii SE corner of Tevla street and San
Leandro road, NW to a point, NW IS, 8 to a
point, thence to beginning, as recorded, Brook
lyn Township; $100.
Elizabeth S Morse to Mary C. McDonald
(wife of Williaml. lot on W line of Linden
street 200 N of Thirtieth, N 60 by W 132. be
ing lots -1 an-1 22, blo<k 669, Glascock Tract,
i tekland; Si n .
Samuel 11. Krell to Louisa A. Krell, lot 1,
m:ip of Beckett's Addition to Oakland, Oak
land; gift.
Lincoln E. and Elizabeth M. Boardman to
M •> .M. Hall lot .>n N'E line of East Four
teenth street 50 tiV/ ol Twelfth avenue, NW
25 by NE ! J ". being lot 10, block 62. Cllntuii,
East Oakland; $10.
Susan A. Tubba to Ethel T*. Kellogg, lot on
N corner of East Fourteenth street and Fifth
avenue, NE US by NW "."•, block 65, Clinton,
East Oakland; gift.
Samuel and Isabella Fitzsimmons and Calvin
X and Annie E. Shaw (by commissioner) to
Int»r Nos Building and L<.an Association, lot
..n W line of Spruce street, 150 S of Prospect
avenue, S 50 by W 206, being lot 19, in plat 17.
amended map of Lake View, East Oakland;
$3400
William H. and Edith E. Lowe to M. C.
Hunan, the N half of lota 6 to 10, Work 46.
Tract B, Berkeley Land and Town Improve
ment Association, Berkeley: $10.
William C. and Wattle C. Hissell to L. W.
p. 'tts lot on S line of Essex Btreet, 82.38 W of
■ r. W 37 'I by S 100, b.-lng the E ":G of
lot 9, t. !•>.■'.; E, amended map of ."<• wbury
Tract. Berkeley, subject to mortgage: $10.
Martha C. and R. H. I/imax to Edward D.
Judd (executor of the estate of Carrie A.
Houeri lot on S line of Alameda avenue, 100
W of onk street, W 50 by S 150, being lot 12.
in E half of block 1 >, binds adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda, quitclaim deed; $m.
E. I>. Judd (executor of the estate of Carrie
\ Heuer) to ll>-len Lewitt, same, Alameda;
$2000.
Builders' Contracts.
Mh». Jessie T. Boyce (owner) with chnrips
Koenig (contractor), architect August Nordln -
Ail work excepi mantels, ta? fixtures, shades,
finishing hardware and plate class for a 2-story
rrame .iw.-lling rai lot on X line of Vallejo
street 95 W of Webster, W 30 by N 137:6, West
ern A.l. lit ion 321; $3S!'4.
Kaspar Pischel (owner) with John H.
Keefe (contractor), architect Nathaniel Blals
'• !! Painting, tinishinp. waxing and staining
f,,v a double dwelling house "n lot .>n B line ot
California street, 120 W of Franklin, W 7:. by
S 137:G; $1745
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE r.f the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 547 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 I.arkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 .Mark'! street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2626 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
! CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., ■
| will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN _/V-
-ING, June 6. at 7:30 o'clock. State! TK3T
meeting, P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. /^r>
By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and m
; a M. -Stated meeting THIS EVEN-^V
ING, at 7:30 o'clock. JLJT
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary, /^r a
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— »
Special meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _Jv_
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock, Mission Mu-}£3r
sonic Temple, 2668 Mission st. M. M. /^r >
degree By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. .lIILLMAN, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. ■
M., 121 Eddy st.— Stated meeting THIS
EVENING S o'clock. j£2f
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Sec. *V>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M. Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _jV.
EVENING, at S o'clock. XLX
a. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V^
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. <^^uZT
O. F. — Members attend nn im- c §>>y* I *vSi~-
pr.rtant meeting this EVEN- -iS'MptaSF
ING. Amendments to laws and -"''^
election of officers. J. DBAS, N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary.
QUARTERLY meeting of the Austrian w-^JJ^..
Benevolent Society will be held ILSSL3
WEDNESDAY EVENING, June 7, \*KVf? \
i o'clock sharp. By order of »^5
J. L. RADOVICH, President
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
THE Regular Democratic Club of 'the Forty-
fifth District will hold its regular meeting
WEDNESDAY EVENING, June 7, at Gari-
baldi Hall. 42.-» Broadway
T. ARNBERGER. President.
R. J. ESTTTDILLQ. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE — Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 189$:
Henrietta Harraco, aged 9 years; Anna Bar-
raco, 8; Gertrude Barns, 11 ; Anna Barns, 9;
Lillian Horgan, 9; Maud Edsberg, 9; Irene
Edsberg, 7; Kath. Sullivan, 6; Mary Oliver,
Hi
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. W. 20.
DIVIPI3XD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 4 (30 cents per share) of the
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company win be
payable at the office of the company, 327-
Market St., on and after Saturday, June 10.
1899. Transfer books will close on Saturday,
June 3, 1809. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
KMI'LOVMIUNT OKKICtCS.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel. Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WAXTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT German second girl desires sit-
uation; best references; country preferred.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT Swedish girls desire situations as
cook and second girl: best city references.
MISS CULLEN. US Sutter st.
NEAT '-oung girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist in housework; $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook desires situation;
best references; city or country. ,MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
DANISH girl; good cook; American and Ger-
man style; best references. Address or tele-
phone MRS. NORTON. 313 Butter st
MIDDLE-AGED German woman; good cook
and houseworker; $12 to $13. MRS. NORTON,
313 Butter st.
GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist:
strong and willing; $10. MRS. NORTON, 313
Butter st.
LADIES— We have a number of nice neat sec-
ond girls; also a German and Jewish cook
wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 316 Sutter st. .. y."
SITUATION wanted by a competent girl for
housework and cooking in Alameda; wages
from $20 to $23. Call at 1614 Schiller st., near
Railroad aye.. Alameda.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position as
housekeeper In a private family. Address 37
Minna st.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper, governess
or companion to lady; references. MISS
MARY E. SACKETT, 2933 Sixteenth st.
COLORED woman would like place to work
by day or week; is good cook. Call or ad-
dress '.US Geary st.
REFINED young lady desires situation as
companion to Invalid lady;: no objection to
travel; references. Apply bet. 8:30 and 12 and
from 6 to $, 26 Turk st., Park Hotel
SITUATIONS WAXTED Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED refined woman as companion
or assistant in Christian family; care of chil-
dren, sewing, light housework, caretaker; any
position of trust; city or country. Address
MRS, E. M. ELLSING, 522 Van Ness aye.
DOMESTIC lady would keep house for club of
plain men; neat and economical. Call 11 to
4. 997 Market St., office 108.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position; Is
nrst-class cook; short distance in country pre-
f erred. Call at SO5 Geary st.
GERMAN woman raised in America, is a
good cook, wishes situation to do housework;
_ wa^s $12. Address 609 Howard St.
Y<">rXG girl -wishes a place to assist In light
473 Eddy St.
RKSI'ECTABLE girl wishes a position at gen-
c-ral housework; wages $15. Apr>ly 271 Clem-
entina St., off Fourth.
YOUNG K i r ] W | s hes a B jtuation to do general
_m>usework or second work. 32S 1 *. Tenth st.
YOUNG girl would like- a position to assist in
light housework. 176 Seventh st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a position to do
housework or kitchen work. ISI3H Market st.
GERMAN girl wishes place at general house-
work and cooking; city reference. 546 Valen-
cla St., between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
NEAT German girl wishes position with Ameri-
can family; good cook; wages $20 to $25. Ap-
ply at 1275 Hayes st.
COMPETENT woman wants general house-
work: city or country. Call for 3 days 617
Wrch five., uostairs.
WANTED, by competent girl, place for general
housework; is good plain cook; small wash;
city or country- Apply 27 Lily aye.
RESPECTABLE woman wants position as
good cook; do small washing. 252 Eighth st.
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes a situa-
tion; general housework; is willing and oblig-
ing. Call for 3 days 711 Natoma st., over
grocery.
EASTERN woman wishes position as manag-
ing housekeeper; city or country-; or as agent
for wholesale house; can accustom herself to
most any kind of business; no objection to
traveling. 29 Eddy st., room 15.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
general housework: city or short distance
in the country; will work for moderate
wages: kind to children; references if re-
quired. 3SS6 Twenty-third st., near Sanchez.
YOUNG girl wishes situation in private fam-
ily for general housework; wages $20. Apply
14 Reideman st., off Ellis, bet. Scott and
1 ►♦•vl.-adero.
WANTED — By a young woman from the East,
any light housework or taking care of chil-
dren; good home more an object than wages.
Box 573, Call office.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
a position In small family; light housework;
K"<><l plain cook. 2:,4 Fell st.
SITUATION In small American family; good
home more of an objfet than wages; will
assist in housework. Box 657, Call office.
LADY would like position to do plain sewing
or second work. 865H Market, room 9.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITIATIONS WANTED — MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
JAVANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St. ; tel. Grant 56^
YOUNG man with experience wishes a situa-
tion in a photograph gallery. Address 829
Howard st.
YOUNG man, 22, seeks situation In any ca-
paclty; last place •» years. Box 685. Call.
SITUATION, city or country, by ml<Ulle-aged
man; take carp private place; can milk; handy
\\i:h t.mlH; reference. Address Box 683, < ail.
EXPERIENCED man nurse for societies; night
work preferred; references. Box lfiXS, Call.
FIRST-CLASS oystennan wishes a steady plar-e
Mn an oyster house, market or grotto. HEN-
RYS, r. 14 Central aye., near Hayes st.
YOUNG married man wishes situation to drive
delivery wagon; k<hxl reference. Address box
578, Call office.
YOUNG man. 19. speaking English. German
and some French, would like position in
wholesale house. Address 1606 California st.
BARBER, young man of 21. would like steady
Job In country town. Apply 741 Howard St.,
room 5.
YOUNG man and wife, hotel or lodging house
work; man handy with tools. S. THOMAS,
1125% Mission at _____
WANTED— PIace; generally useful man; care
horses; good driver; can milk; Eastern refer-
ences. Sobriety, box 675, Call office.
D, reliable bar man: speaks German and
English; country preferred; the best of ref-
■ • Box 571, <"all office.
STRONG solier man. Just from East, desires
work in city as quick as possible; do any-
thing. LAZOWY. 60 Third st.
YOUNG man will work on fruit orchard for $1
a day; must be steady place year around;
any iart of State; well recommended. Box
SO5, Call office.
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want posi-
tions in hotel, boarding-house or camp; city
or country; wife willing and capable to take
position in any Capacity. Call or address S.
X , room G, 714 Larkln st.. P. F.
POSITION as nurse or attendant on Invalid
gentleman; willing to travel; wages reason-
at.le. Address A. H. A., 1517 Spring st.,
Berkeley.
ENGINEER, with license and good recom-
mendations, understands all classes of en-
gines, wishes situation; city or country- Ad-
dress box 1608, Call office.
WANTED — By a practical steam and lager
li.-*-r brewer, a situation; best references.
Arl.lr.'ss bOS X.14. Call office.
(iAIII'KNKH, coachman, general utility man
wishes Situation; city or country; good refer-
ences. Box U97, Call office.
MAN an'l wife, young couple, would like dln-
ing-mom work; country hotel. Box 930. Call.
CHKAI'KST »nd tiest In America- Thr Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address . In tb«
United States, postpaid, for fl per year.
H1. 1.1' \V \NTKD FEJI \I.K.
TWO boarding house cooks; $30 each. Apply
early. MHS CULLEN, ?•.'•"> Gutter st.
ciiiiK. boarding house, Rio Vista, $25 per
month. MISS CI'LLEN, 325 flutter st.
IIOISKWORK, Sausallto, $25. MISS CL'LLEN,
ME Sutter st.
SECOND Kirl, Alameda, $25 per month; must
»*• a good seamstress. MISS CULLEN, 325
Slitter st.
HOUSEWORK, Belvedere, $25 per month; see
lady hen-. MISS CULLEN, 323 Slitter St.
HOUSEWORK, Oakland, 12.., Alameda, $16; sa n
Rafael. $20; and several other towns; 20 house-
work girls, city, $25 and $20 each: 8 young
girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter »t.
''<«>K and second girl, same house, $25 and $15
per month each; chamberwork and waiting.
Alameda, $20; second work, Oakland, $20; 10
waitresses and chambermaids, city. $25 and
$2H each. MISS CULLEN, 32F» Sutter st.
C~R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
20 waitresses for siirinsTP. resorts and com-
mercial hot«le, *20; waitress, resort, $20. see
party here 9:30; 3 waitresses, city. $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20; pantry girl, coun-
try hotel. $20; laundress, country hotel, $20;
lady shampooer for springs, $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 Jewish family cooks, $25; 30 girls for cook-
ing and general housework, $15 to $30; nurse-
girl, 18 to $10. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
i IwT st
2 WAITRESSES. Carson City, Nev. ; fare paid.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FANCY lroner. country, $10 week; fancy troner,
Oakland, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104
<;t:iry st.
WANTED— Laundress for private family, $25;
French lady's maid and seamstress, $25; Ger-
man or Scandinavian second girl, $25: Protest-
ant second girl. $2,".; nurse. $20; waitress for
r"snrt. $20; waitress, country restaurant, $20.
also for hotel. $20; Scandinavian cook, 2 In
family. $2.",; 2 German conks. $30, and a num-
ber of girls for housework for city and coun-
try too numerous to advertise. $15. $20 and
$26; wetnurse. $2.'.. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
COOK, $30; cook. San Jose, $2.": .". second girls.
HE and $20; nurse girl, $15; 2 cooks. Gcr-nan
style: bouse girl. 2 In family, $20; house-
keeper, $15; country house girl. $25; R young
girls to assist, $10 to $15. MRS. NORTON, riia
Sutter st.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 2839 Bush
street.
GIRL for housework, small family, $10. Apply
377 Oak st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with housed
work; call early. 4M Guerrero st
WANTED— GirI to assist in general housework.
1217 Webster st.
WANTED— GirI about 15 to assist In house-
work; good home, $5. Box 697, Call office.
GOOD dressmaker wanted. Room 55. 6 Eddy
street.
GERMAN girl to make herself useful; small
family; good home. 707 McAllister st.
WANTED— Operator on custom coats. 14 Har-
riet st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to learn dressmak-
ing. SCHIMMEL & STOVER, 408 Sutter st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
S WAITRESSES, 2 chambermaids for country;
2 ranch cooks; 25 young girls to assist. MISS
DILLON. 315 Sutter at., phone Main 804.
YOUNG girl; wait at table; restaurant. 233
Sixth st. _
GOOD finisher on custom coats and buttonhole
maker. 466 Clementina St.; steady work.
FIRST-CLASS finishers wanted on pants. Ap-
ply at 227 Fifth st.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work SSS How-
ard st., bet. 4th and sth, over handball court.
WANTED— A good girl for general housework.
731 Green st., near Mason.
GIRL to assist In general housework. 737 Mc-
Allister st., near Octavla.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange feyrup,
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Good girl for light kitchen work.
1300 Turk Bt. ,
WANTED— Neat young girl to learn dressmak-
Ing. SCHIMMEL & STOVER. 408 Satter Bt.
GERMAN girl or woman wanted for general
housework. Apply 637 Pine st.
TWO experienced girls to work in a pickle fac-
tory. LEWIS PACKING CO.. 625 Front st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker; call at once, rooms
40-43, 1226 Broadway, Oakland, 12 to 4.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators: best prices:
■teady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
WANTED— An elderly woman to cook for 4 or
5 men; wages $10 per month; Swedish or Ger-
man. 500 Halght st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leav?nworth st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY, 7 A. M
3259 men and b0y5,... 5105, $95 to $15 and found
BIG WAGES
25 laborers, 8 hours' work, fare $1 $2 day
25 laborers, 10 hours' work, fare $1 ?2 50 day
25 laborers, San Mateo County, fare We $60
15 drillers and header men, free fare.. s2 50 day
Diamond drillers $X 10 day
7 laborers, no experience, for mines, $1 90 fare
$60
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
7 carpenters, 10 months' job, for country saw-
mills $2 75 day
2 carpenters, plain work, city $2 50 day
14 blacksmiths for shops, ranches, camps,
sawmills, etc. ; wages $3, $2 50, $2 day, $52. $40,
$35 and $30 and found
Machinist, country shop $2 50 day
Woodworker, carriage shop, country
" $40 and found
f arriage painter, city. $3 day..
FREE-TO SAWMILLS AND WOODS-FARE
125 laborers, no experience required
; •• at $26 and found
Log fixer Spool tenders Timber fellers
Foreman woodsman Bark peelers
Jack screwers.. Screw turners. .Shingle jogger
htearns block setters Redwood peelers
Crosscut sawyers Lumber pilers
126 tlemakers, tools, furnished. Be. 9c and 12c
each; 194 woodchoppers, tools furnished
"••■•• $2. $1 50 and $1 cord
Big \\ages for All.. Sawmill and Woods HelD
AROUND THE MINES
10 laborers, no experience, no underground
work, $35 and $55 and found.
FARMS AND DAIRIES
K2 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for
every county in California
••••■ $26, $25 and $20 and found
11 ha >; maker ? » 25 a day and found
19 milkers, different places, $30 and $25 and
found; 27 choremen and boys for ranches
-•• $20. $15 and $10 and found
2 farmers and wives J4O and found
IN SAN FRANCISCO
6 laborers, board yourselves home, $1 75 day'
26 laborers, city jobs, $30 and found and $1 75
day; 7 two horse teamsters, $1 75 day and $26
and found '
3 boys to learn trades '. '. !$3 week
Milk wagon driver Young man for bakery
4 stablemen, different jobs
$25 and $20 and found
$30 Boys or Men $30 i
6 boys or men, Napa County, for hop yards
no experience required; exceptionally" good
Job
GOVERNMENT WORK ..!.."!!"
15 laborers, no experience required
/ MURRAY &- READY,
634-636 Clay st.
FREE TO FREE
SEVEN GREAT RAILROADS ..
DRILLERS
HEADERMEN
LABORERS
Two horse teamsters: also four horses
ST< >N EMA SONS
OFFBEARERS
Wages. S3. $2 50. $2 25, $2 and $1 75 day
Board, lodging, etc $4 50 week
We Ship Daily
MURRAY & READT
634-636 Clay Bt
WAITERS COOKS DISHWASHERS
7 waiters for springs anil hotels
$20 and $25 and found
3 waiters for mines $25 and found
Cook and dishwasher, same place
$45 and $15 and found
Cnok and wife for the springs $50
2 cooks for spring*, good small places
12 cooks, different jobs
$55, $45. $40 and $30 and found
29 dishwashers, kitchen hands, choremen etc
city and country. s2s. $20, $15 and $10 and found
2 ranch cooks, 6 men $25 and $15 and found
4 second cooks, city and country
$40, $30 and $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
BAKERS LAUNDRY HELP..
2 shop bakers, city and country
$35 and $30 and found
6 assistant bakers, city and country-
2 porters, hotels $20 and found
Polisher, $55; hotel laundryman for springs
MURRAY ft READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOOKKEEPER, typewriter and stenographer
for a ranch, ?30 and found; call spm to-day
MURRAY & READY, «34 and 636 Clay st.' '
TEAMSTERS, lahorers and tunnclnien for the
coast road. $1 75 to $2 50 day Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEN track layers and laborers for Anaheim,
Orange County, company work. $1 75 a day;
board $4 50 a week; free fare, c X HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WOODWORKER. $2 50 a day; blacksmith, city
camp, $45 and found: blacksmith, ranch. $40
and found; blacksmith's helper. $1 sft a day
) and found; stableman, city, $1 and found;
all round worker, etc., livery stable $:.0; I
farmers for a vineyard. $1 and found; grocery
clerk, $15 and found; woodsmen, $40 to $26
and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
FRENCH broiler. (70; night cook. $50; cook,
summer resort, $S0; head and second cook for
a hotel. $75 and $50; head and second cook
for a boat, $60 and $40; second cook, hotel
$50; cook. 20 boarders, small hotel, $35 '; store-
keeper, springs hotel, $20 and found; pantry-
man. $20; for a springs. $20; third cook. $25.
plain hotel; extra second cook, $2 a day; pot-
washer, hotel. $20; porter and tend bar $15
small country hotel; 15 dishwashers' and
kitchen hands
Upholsterer, $2 a day and found, for an In-
stitution
Fireman, hotel engine rooms, $30 and found
Working head waiter, mining town, $30 and
fare advanced; 2 waiters for Nevada $25 and
free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 164 Geary.
WANTED— 2 quartz miners, $2 50 day; timber^
man. $2 75 day; 4 more gravel miners, $40 and
board; 50 laborers for mines, $1 75 and $1 85
day and $26 and board; laborers »o! woods
and tunnel work. $1 75, $2 and $2 50 day IS
railroad tiemakers, 12c; 10 teamsters, ${ 75
and $1 90 day; choppers, barkers. Jackucrew-
ers: ranch blacksmith, $35 and found fire
paid; Jobhing blacksmith and shoer; camp
blacksmith, $60; blacksmith's helper and fin-
isher on carriage work, $2 day. and others
J. r. CROBETf & CO.. w sa.-ramento st
WANTED— S more miners who understand run-
ning power drill. $3 50 day, see boss at this
office to-day, two-thirds fare advanced last
opportunity; also a first-class timberman for
same mine. J. F. CROSETT & CO. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Young Englishman about place $25-
-6 farmers. $1 25 day; milkers. $25; choreman.'
$20; first-class vegetable gardener $35 and
found; young German to drive milk wagon
$25 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO 628
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Butter, $25 and Increase; waiter for
lunch counter, country, $20 and found; res-
taurant second cook, $35; 2 kitchen men for
laborers' boarding house, $15 and $25; hotel
waiters, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento Rt.
WANTED— A neat butler for family work $25.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
WANTED— Carpenter for mine, good, steady,
at $2 50 per day; porter for first-class saloon
In city, $30 and board; 3 more laborers for
mine, $45; cook for small boarding house near
city, $40; plain painter and paper hanger for
city shop, $30 and found; farmers, near city,
$26 and $30; milkers, $30; swamper for logging
camp near city, $35 and board; 10 laborers and
teamsters for city, $160 per day; man about
private place in city, $20 and found; and
others. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay St.
WANTED— Cook, small place near city. $40;
Italian cook. $50; waiter for restaurant. $35;
German waiter, $25; 3 Japanese for summer
resort, $20 and $25: dishwasher, $25: omnibus,
$25 to $30; boy for laundry. $15: 2 boys for din-
ing room, $10, etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton.
COOK, country hotel, $60; night engineer, city,
$17 50. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Pressman on pantaloons. 734 Mont-
gomery st., room 1.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
50c. 562 Mission St.. between Ist and 2d sta.
WANTED — Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist In light work: must have $125 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. Western
Investment Co.. 9 Geary st.
WANTED— Young man to help out In barroom
Address box 576, Call office.
WANTED— Sober, steady elderly man to clean
bakery and carry out small orders; $15 and
board; no room. 11l Larkin st.
HELi* WANTED- Continued.
WANTED— Young man competent to make
working drawings for gas and electric fix-
res - ~ Apply by letter, Designing Depart-
ment, THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mission st.
I;^T-o r Tv oun man to learn Photography. VAN
PER KAAY'S Studio, 629 Union st.
WANTED— salesman "on salary at soao
_ factory. 1308 Mission st.
BARBER shop across the bay for sale cheap.
Inquire of D. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
Fmn R ,S", teii; steady work. WILLIAM
FRITZ. 112S j st., Sacramento, Cal.
PAPER hanger; handy man. Room 11, 6.12 Mar-
- I? 1 " from 11 to 12.
street" CLASS barber wanted at 1326>£ Paciflo
?nT- a! tO 1S years old t0 work in baker shop.
iO2a Sacramento st.
GOO I > barber wanted; steady work. 407 Bush
oircci.
BARBER wanted. 53 Fifth st.
2 c , G ?? D shoemakers on custom repairing;
steady work. 756 Howard st. and 548 Sixth.
GOOD barber: steady, m Mission st.
W FoNom D fiT PlUmberS helper! Apply at 1017
: _
PRESSMAN on vests wanted. 854 Folsom st.
WANTED— A boy for store at 22 Battery St.
W^ N " I £P- ! .''",|' ' to "take orders and deliver.
Box tic. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS porter wanted for barber shop
and bath rooms. 238 O'Farrell st.
GOOD lunch waiter for coffee house. 517 Mont-
gomery st. _____ '
PARTY to open boarding camp; 5 month"'
job. LARSEN. 318 Bush st , bet and 12
to-day.
TRAVELER to sell shirts on commission- side
line; state particualrs. N. Y. Call office.
YOUNG men and ladies 16 years and over wish
Ing employment call at at Hillsdale 33 Sixth
St., bet. 11 and 2, room 31.
AMATEUR musicians to join band for social
purpose. 328 Bush St., second floor, room 4.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at th Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required,
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H.
NORTON, superintendent.
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, near Giant sta-
tion: wages, $1 75 to $1 90; also first-class
tunnel men; apply at Point Richmond; wages
$1 75. $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. San Pablo.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open sa. m. to 9p. m.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. 150 largo
rooms; 25c per night; SI to $2 per week.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
MEN to work about steam shovel; also track-
men, dumpmen and trainmen, for Point
Richmond. JAMES A. McMAHON. 210 Spear.
BUSH, 421. above — Choice rooms; gas
and stationary washstand; 15c, 25c up.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent: good sal-
ary; references required; state experience.
Apply box 7848, Call office.
WANTED camp blacksmiths for general
work. Apply to E. B. STONE. Elmhurst.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at Devlsa-
dero and Broadway, city.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13Si» Eighth st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys.
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sea, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 563V4 Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
VTA X T E E>— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila. Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Putter st.
AGENTS WANTED.
MEN or women to sell best water filter and
other articles ever offered on this market.
GOULD. 9 Rondell place.
BELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c; also
Leather Lustre; sam. 25c. BROWN, 332 Bush.
AGENTS wanted — To sell Leshure's Adjustable
Lawn Mower Sharpener: sharpens perfectly;
rapid seller; make $30 to $50 weekly. Hamp-
den Corundum Wheel Co., Springfield. Mass.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED — Partner; $250; rare chance for good
sober man in a paying saloon; must give
best of references: no others need apply.
Address 816% Folsom st.
GRUB stake for Lower California by a prac-
tical prospector. Address box 577, Call.
WILL grub-stake a practical prospector to go
to Lower California. Address box 1636. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WORKING girl, stranger in city, desires room
and board in quiet family not exceeding $15
Box 679. Call.
WAATED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— MiIch cow In exchange for painting,
whitening, tinting or paper hanging. Address
B. 8.. Call branch office, 2526 Mission st.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long; job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors,
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
■work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
■we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 60; fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth, st. ,
HOUSEGIRL, two in family. $20; nurseglrl. $12;
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg . you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up- plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sunday, 9 to 1
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission Bt.. cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; teeth without plates a
specialty; liberal credit given. PERRY DEN-
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St.. corner Market.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market 6t.
OHIO Dental Parlors— 50c up; crowns.
$3 up: open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. _
_. ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE f ree ; R~W. /KlngT'attorney at law"
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advanc«
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach,
ments. bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts
etc.. drawn; moderate fees; call or write. '
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G.^IU.
*ulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-Olty and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market St.; tel. South 215.
NO charge unless successful; advice free- of-
flee open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH G.
GRANT, room 604. Emma Spreckels building!
ADVICE -free; divorce law a specialty private*
no fee without success; collections. G. w'
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ, attorney at law Prc ~
bate and guardianship: Bth floor Crocker bldg.
L. 8. i CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
A w VI DAv r iD S o n N. C 9 2? r | l e a?ker B C UCCeBSrUL w -SINES' CHANCES.
A— $4M BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively country town, II mtles from the city;
rent $15, Including fiat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE, SO6 Market St.
A— SI4OO— CORNER grocery and bar In the best
location 1.1 the Mission; living rooms; place
established years; doing a good business;
large stock in groceries and liquors. R. G.
v. UK 906 Market st.
A— s2so; CIGAR stand with laundry office; rent
$15: one block from Call. WILKE, 90S Mar-
ket st
A— sl2oo; BAKERY in lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000; rent
$25: horse, wagon, living rooms: a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. »V ILK E, 906 Market.
A— SSOO— CORNER saloon and cigar stand on
Stockton St., 2 blocks from Market; a bar-
gain. R. G. WILKE jfc CO.. !W6 Market st
A— s32so; CORNER saloon, with a furnished
rooms; established years; everybody knows
this as a money-making place; never clears
lets than $200 per month; owner wants to
make a tri;i to Europe. Particulars R. 1;
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— %\'M\ BRANCH bakery in the Mission; 4
living rooms; rent $17 50; a good paying place;
clears about $100 per month. R. G WILKE
806 Market st. " "
A— SIGOo: CORNER grocery and bar; living
nns. ; one-half brock from Wlelands Brewery
daily receipts about $26; cash trade only; a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
FOR. SALE. "
The entire Klondike Hotel property,- real and
personal. The property is located at the cor-
ner of Center and Coloma sts'.. in the city bt
Plactrville, county of El Dorado, State of Call-
fornia. The property consists 01 two lots of
land and the large two-story hotel building
an.l outbuildings. The hotel contains a parlor,
furnished; large barroom and office, with a
flne bar. back bar and bar fixtures, cash regis-
ter and Other furniture; also a reading and
poolroom, containing a /new pool table, latest
style, and other furniture; also a large dining-
room, furnished with a full supply of tables
and chairs; also a pantry containing liberal
stock of crockery and glassware, cutlery md
ppc-ins and table linen; also a large kitchen,
containing a fine' range, water heater, cooking
utensils, etc.; also a bathroom and patent
toilet closets on both floors; hot ar.d cold water
on both floors; also 21 fully furnished bedrooms;
everything is first-class and can be purchased
cheap. Apply to S. E. SACKETT, Klondike
Hotel, Placerville.
A— sl7s; FASHIONABLE halrdn and
manicuring parlors; central location, clears
$100 month; owner leaving State. KREDO &
CO., ■-■■_. Geary st.
A— $100: CIGAR stand near theater; clears $100
monthly. KREDO & CO., --'•.■ Geary st.
$400— CIGAR stand near theater; clears $100
monthly. KREDO & CO., 224 Geary at.
22 ROOMS corner houso; north Market; must
sacrifice. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
$SS— FRUIT and lish .stand at great sacrifice to-
day. COWING & CO.. 995 Mark. St.
BAKERY— Bargain this day; cheap rent. COW-
ING .-. CO., 9?5 Market st.
NOTICE — To Fell your business promptly for
cash apply HEALY & HIMMEL 917 Market.
MARKET-ST. liquor saloon business of $25
dally, elegantly fitted up; private rooms;
make offer; also Market -st all-day saloon;
many others. HEALY .v HIMMEL. 917 Mkt.
PARTNER wanted In a first-class restau-
rant and oyster house; good cook ...r waiter
preferred. McLAUGHLIX & CO.. 777 Market.
$400— DELI CACT an.l pork store; '.bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
BARGAIN— S47SO; business property, with stock
Bnd furniture; house of 7 rooms; store and
Fa'oon: fine garden with 9 rustic summer
houses; stable, warehouse, etc.; best local
part cash. C. CLUNDT, Fitchburs, San
Leandrp road.
WANTED— To buy for cash, outside San Fran-
cisco, a good-paying grocery business; prin-
cipals only; give lull particulars. Box ■-!.
Call office* '
$225— RESTAURANT: good location.; cheap
rent; cheap at $500; must sell quick on ac-
count of leaving for country. Box 676, Call.
MAN having the lumber, good shipping port,
wants 5 men with 11000 each to build and
operate shingle mill. Box 654, Call office.
WANTED— To buy for spot cash. Email, paying
country store; principals only need reply.
Box €S2, Call office.
$60fl— BAP.BER shop, country, first class, with
building and bedroom complete. G. W. SSt. t
Eastland. Cal.
SALOON— Bargain to-day; part cash, balance
monthly payments; going East cause of sale.
124 Fourth Bt
STORE and fixture? for grocery and bar.
Twenty-second and Castro sts.; new building.
MEAT business for sale for $150; fine location.
Box 6SO, Call office.
MAN and wife wanted to rent restaurant. 79
Feu at.  .■ /
PHOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness; 1 roon: furnished: good prices. 332 Bush.
GOOD opportunity to secure a eood paying
blacksmith anil wheelwright business; stock
and tools will invoice $3000: shoD and lots
$1500: will sell for $4000 on account of falling
health; shop doing a business of 13000 a year;
investigation courted; no agents. Address
Blacksmith, box 519, Call office.
$500— PARTNER in cigar, candy and notions
store In country; takes in over $40 per week;
can be increased 30 to 40 per cent; references;
f-xpenses paid while investigating. Address
lock box 144. Geyserville, Cal., or at Call
office.
GROCERY and bar In Mission at Inventory;
owner going to Manila; cheap rent. Apply
1009 Mission st.
$CoO— FIRST-CLAFS delicatessen store: full
stock; cheap rent; trade $-0 per day guaran-
teed; Investigation solicited. C. F. MOORE,
&35 Market st., room 4.
PAPER-COVERED Book Store, 1203 Market,
bet. Eighth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $27.00, and big value for the money.
DINING room for sale on account of family
affairs; doing fine business; Investigate; no
agents. Address box 1613. Call office.
FOR BALE— Best restaurant south and close to
Market st. ; cause sickness; investigate; no
agents; direct. Box 693. Call office.
ARE you looking for small well-located good-
paying restaurant? I have It. Box 563, Call.
SALOONKEEPERS, attention— For sale;, old-
established buFlness. Particulars at 1514 Polk.
% SACRIFICE— OId established fruit store-
good chance. 130 Eighth st. , no agents.
SALOONKEEPERS, Attention— For sale; old-
established buFiness. Particulars at 1512 Polk.
COFFEE, and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO/S.. 413 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
" HOKSKS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carte, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market.
Bf7 Sixth fit. : auction sales every Wednesday.
BULLIVAM & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chaee & Mendenhall,
successors Klllip A Co.: salesyard. 1732 Mkt.
2 LARGE good hay wagons for sale; cheap.
812 Valencia Ft.
TOR sale— 10 horses and mules at old Turk-»i.
car «t»M»ii. IWI Turk fit.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 BETS tecond-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folaom st.
KUK SAut.- .»ii!)CIJLI>ANIiOU».
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOBH & WOLFMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
,J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving- mirrors,
bought, sol<l and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
NICE diamond stud for $39. At UNCLE HAR-
RIS,', 15 Grant aye.
BOILERS em ties, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN * BURKE. 139 P.»alf> st
A— AN OVERSTOCK i
Et. Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market st.: all
styles, new and M hand tables, bar fixtures.
supplies: best beer pumps; cheap; lnstallmta.
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand from 2 to 26 H.
P.: cheap and guaranteed. 648 Mission st.
DRESS pants, ii 95: fine suits. $3 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors. 513 Montgomery. cor.Commerclal.
GASOLINE engines— I h. ;■ $11 b 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny Bt., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V., 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S, 516 Mission St..
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophone. Baclgalupl, 933 Mkt.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly :
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
UnltM States, postpaid, for $1 per year. '-
SEWING MACHINES. -
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth v phone Mint 4a.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought «old, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. vr 1
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO.. Tel. Black 3732.. 22% Geary
i — Money Advanced on Reasonable Rates....
29 rooms; elegant; clears $175. ........:.... 52100
19 rooms; best block Geary; boarding...... 1600
12 rooms; keeps 6 and clears $40. 850
11 rooms; south of Market; cheap rent... 27.0
11 rooms; O'Farrell; very nice; clears $50. 750
11 rooms and dining-room; elegant 700
'•• rooms: best for the money 300
6- room flat; Sutter st. ; rent $23 ; 125
_J?_? I L list call ol '-- KREDO & CO.
15-ROOM HOUSE, ON FIFTH ST.
' ■ RENT ' $35 — —
' : PRICE $250
' DECKER. 1020 Market st.
• $350— 22-room house, near Market st.
$250 — 35-rooni house; rent $45 month.
$30()— IS rooms; central; all rented; $150 cash,
balance on time. BASILE,'S73% Market st.
BUYS 25-room house; cheap rent; list from
10 to 100 rooms; money loaned at 2 per cent;
3 cottages, clear rented, to exchange for lodg-
j ing house. EITEL, 1016 Market St.
! $100— LODGING-HOUSE: bargain: departure
! cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Mkt.
FOR sale— Lodging house; doing good business;
• 18 rooms; selling account of family trouble;
no agents. Call 303 Third st.
$300— LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;
rent $25. 72 Jackson st ;
ROOMING MOUSES^- OK SALE. -
> ROOM house on Third Et :.. $375
I 24 rooms; never changed hands low
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
I 6-room flat, near Emporium : . 250
I 15-roorn bouse; worth $600 . ..250
j 16-room house; on Sixth st : 550.
25 rooms; sunny corner; clears $200 1100
26-room house in Oakland; only S5O
BO rooms; best corner in the. city 1800
|. 10 rooms; on Jones St.; worth $1000 500
1 14 rooms; on Taylor st. (good) ;...... 550
24 rooms; on Howard 5t..:.; 450
jO-room boarding-house; clears $800 2250
1020 MARKET ST., IC2O MARKET ST.,
H. C. DECKER,
: ingn Market st.. 1020 Market st.
FURNITURE FOR SALIC.
j. TAPESTRY. Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
i 60c Eastern' Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
I 4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
\ 7 y.-- King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
I FURNITURE Just -opened a big store;
I have no stock; give me a chance at once to
1 buy your second-hand furniture, carpets and
i stoves. The Jensen Furniture Store, 79 9th st.
i .
i . MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos .for $8
! cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
fame as if . purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stelnway dealers, corner Keainy and Sutter
Btl San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. •
' ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE' S.
2t, 2S and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. ' '. .-■■■ '■".- •,-? v
MAGNIFICENT high-grade upright piano, like
j new, cheap for cash. Km. 12. Frood building.
] UPRIGHT cabinet grand, Connor; in use ■•
• months; bargain. 403 Stevenson St., cor. sth.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos; $2 50 per
j mo. Scott-Curtat Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
!R. A . DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
i A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments, $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 Ellis.
A NEW Chickerlng and 3 Stein ways. Keeile's,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
pale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in tin.? condition; also
ttie famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post St.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank.
■ KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
' SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
i GEO. JIATERLE. German. Expert Optician;'
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market st., S. F.; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
! A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
I diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
I aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
i and confidential; home treatment, $5. No in-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER.
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 510 Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Lark of-
fice hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to B. Sundays
by appointment only.
; A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
• cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
i ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$6; home In confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet
Hyde and Larkin: hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to S
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M Da vies,
true friends of all Invalids, men ivnd women:
60 years' practice: safe and quick cur» guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief.
though else fall: delicacy, privacy. horns,
ptc ; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very strong. $2. <~
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no instruments us«?d: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly: consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market Ft., between
Mason and Taylor: office hours, 9 to 6 and 7
to 8 p. m ; Sundays. 10 a. m to 4 p. m. .
1 Ch (Chester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand). best % safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars:
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phils.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for fimale troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
■ matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 17 years.
DR. POPPF.R. sir Kearny at.
I A— DR. Ci.- W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. CDonnell has
treated successfully mor* cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult him first, rave time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
! DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium, 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being need:
advice free: hours, 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 8 p. m. -■"•■'>.•• . ■:>
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; reli-
able, safe, sure: maternity home-; no instru-
; ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment. $5. MRS. ALLEN, 22S Van Ness.
ALL married ladies know "Secur- the great-
est boon to them. Richards A Co., 406 Clay
Et.; $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. Co.. 531 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure;- $2 50;
expressed CO.' D. : don't delay until too lat»
OPfSOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal
FOR married ladles— A sure safe preventive;
why wait and suffer? an ounce of prevention
is worth a pound of cure: $1. 1637 Howard
. St., 10 a. m.- to 5 p. m.. Sundays excepted. j
REMOVAL of Mr*. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43.1
and Linden, Oakland; home in confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st. car.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gat* ave.:-
private home In eonflnement. ■ .
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market St.— lnstant re-
• lief for monthly troubles or mrney back up.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of- the human body. .115 Mason st.
LOST.
. LOST— Dues receipt book, Nos. 6201 to 6300. of
' the Swiss Mutual Benevolent Society, 536
1 Kearny st. Reward at above addreas or 1113
Kearny St. .
'. LOST— White and brown pointer dog with
erreen collar and red ribbon. Reward, no
questions asked, at 417 Mason st.
$5 WARD- Bundle, including seal tooth pin',
on Bryant st. bet. Seventh and Ninth. 1034%
Bryant st. ■• . " ... . '
LOST— Ladles' watch, monogram M. T. R., at-
tached to watch pin. Return ,to j 1212 Mason
: st. and receive reward. ■' •■*■
LOST— May 27, diamond locket, monogra.med
. G. B. portraits Inside; $10 reward. • Return
to G. BARATY. 24 Sutter «t.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 6. 1809.
PERSONALS. .■.
.... . . - - I
LEDERER'S Qulntonica Hair Tonic possesses
the quintessence of excellence; unequaled, un-
: surpassed: 35c bottle. . 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S halrdressing parlors still lead in I
popularity; 25c only; hair rolls, 10c; longest,
30; switches, $1 up: Foamo Shampoo,' 5c
I package. 1 G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
I RUPTURE, stricture cured; no kife: no lnjec-
] tion:guarantd. Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine, ab.Kearny.
j GOOD cook and housekeeper to a widower;
town or country. Box K146. Call office.
1000 ENVELOPES, billheads, cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 50; send for sam-
• pies. BLEY, 511 Sacramento St.; Main 1836.
A — ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Santome.
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending at 271
' O'Farrell st., room 12. ■ . .
; IF ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat-
land, Cal., will write to his father he will
hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
MORRISON.
i LADIES' tailor-made suits-, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, ; sur-
geons and private Individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr 25th; Guerrero st. cars: tel. Blue 991.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI. 313 Sutter St.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
. No. 4 Sutter St., :>i ' Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
, 26c to $1 50 per nluht; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
; COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits; low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.:
. office, Horse Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye. ;
j separate ward for contagious diseases.
' A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Et.. bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
i FOLDING beds $5 50; bedrm sets $B:bed lounges
$4 50: open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
: WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
, REMOVED to 387 Geary st. ; dresses made. $5
up; perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN. I
SPIRITUALISM.
j A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
I life reader; medical clairvoyance; treat all pri-
vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
i free; sittings, $1. .232 Stockton st. ■
! MEDIUMS' Association to-night. Occidental
! Hall, 305 Larkin; Mrs. Seal, Eberhardt, Grif-
j fin; admission 10c. •
I MRS VIGARS will hold circle Tuesday and
■ Friday at fj p. to. ; readings daily. HS Sixth
I St.. room 6. :«*; 
'< THE boy medium holds a seance to-night; 25c.
j slate writing; trumpet speaking. 1035 Market.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
! 10c. ' 605 McAllister St.; come skeptics.
! C. V. MILLER'S materializing etherealizing
trumpet seance, 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MME. DR. LA ROY, trance medium; posi-
| tively cures obesity. 15 Powell st., office 3.
' MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate-
| writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m. :
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 31" O'Fnrr»U.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and sec-
' ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
Ing; ladies. 50c: gents, $1; sit., $160. 126 Turk.
! WONDERFUL success of of Mme. Clingman,
from New York; scientific palmistry and
astrologist; readings ode and $1. 513 Tenth
St.. Oakland.
MME. GORING, the powerful -clairvoyant,
brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st.
! MRS. KOPP. a natural-born clairvoyant and
card reader: i.rice 50c up. IS Lew's St., off
; Taylor, near Post.
! MME. LENEMAR, 225 Mason, cor. O'Farrell;
' by planets; pred'td rescue pass. str. Gold, '74.
I MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. 304
' Sutter st., corner of Grant aye., room 3.
i MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
I palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th, rffl. 12. |
MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
; 1065 Market St.. room 2.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and 18, second floor. 865% Market.
i MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
| palmist; satisfaction or no pay. 234% Sixth.
j MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post et., room 1. •
j MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
and palmist. 36% Geary St., rooms 1 and 3.
MM!" ETTA RALPH, magnetlst and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market Bt.
I YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. -326 Larkin St.. room 6.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; "fie. .
■ JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 565% Market St., rooms 8-9.
i BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St.. rooms S and 10.
1 MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
i MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer. first
in her profession: never fails. 825 A Butter st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15. second floor.
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; SBc up. . 5 Fourth st.
' MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist, 405
Kearny St.. r. 34; French and English spoken.
j MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
1 CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, pent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, (or $1 per year.
PALJHISTRV.
MME NEEROAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
'malne. 616 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyda
2021: reading by mall, $1.
i A- MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist. 916
Bush St.. " bet. Taylor and Jones.
i YOUR fate is In your hand; scientific palmis-
try MME GERMAINE, 906 Market St.. r. 30.
ASTROLOGY.
, ASTROLOGER and trance medium; minerals
located; lucky days and numbers; palmistry. ;
• 319 McAllister St.
CARPET CLEANING.
I CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
38 and 40 Eighth St. ; telephone South 2,50.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDINO'S Pioneer (Carpet- j
beating Works. 353-857 Tehama st. : tel. 8. 40. 1
! CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES, j
300 McAllister St., cor. Larkin. Tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
j tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'B California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 228; lowest. rates.
CARPETS cleaned at Jc per yard; laid at Jc
STRATTON'B. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning Ie per yard; sq. Mission. 74.
i V. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.: tel. . Mint, 348.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. j
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. .
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PHYSICIAN!*.
'. DR. C C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
1021% Market at . bet. 6th and 7th. ■
NOTICE TO CKEDITOKS. : , ' •
I NOTICE to Creditors— Superior Court, City and
I County of San Francisco. State of California-
Estate of CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER. de-
■ ceased. Notice is hereby given by the under-
; signed administrator -'.■■ of the estate of
CHARLES ADOLPH MULLER, deceased, to
the creditors of and all persons having claims
against said deceased, to exhibit them with
the necessary vouchers within four months
after the first publication of this notice to the
Bald administrator at the office of George T.
Wright Esq., room 8, tenth floor, Mills build-
Ing, in said city and county, which said office
the undersigned selects as his place of busi-
I ness In all matters connected with said estate.
HENRY MULLER.
Administrator of the Estate of i CHARLES
. ADOLPH MULLER, Deceased. ? 7s j: ;.
Dated May 23. 1899. ■
XF. V T4VI/>B A*tnm»v *r>- f>>-»»
HOUSES TO LET. •
HOUSES?~~~ FLATST~~^~"
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
762 Post. 12 r $701 979 Post, 8 r $42 50
1220 Laguna, 8 r.... 35| 118 Webster, 7 r... 30 00
323 Sutter, 7 r 50. 792 Lyon, 6 r 25 00
1407 Van Ness, 13 r. 65 1024 Geary, 6 r..... 30 00
"05 Ellis, 6 r....... 25' 217 Elm aye., 5 r. IS 00
FIRST-CLASS house, 8 rooms; 3563 Twentieth
St., bet. Valencia and Mission; newly papered,
tinted and painted throughout. •
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
■ list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. .
METCALF place, 22, off Geary St., near Mason
Very central; house, 5 rooms and bath; fine
order. ■ " .
MINNA, 323%, bet. Fourth and Fifth— House of
6 sunny rooms: in good order. ' '
NW. COR. Guerrero and Twenty-first sts.; fine
house of 12 rooms; large grounds, stable, etc.;
in splendid condition; warm, sunny place.
TWENTY-FIRST St.. near Guerrero, two fine
houses. 3356 and 3385; 7 rooms; in first-class
. condition.
4 OR 5 months; furnished house: 8 rooms;
Western Addition; marine view. Box 686, Call.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
PARTLY fur. house; modern conv'cs: 2533 Mls-
sion St., near 21st. Apply rm. 8. Flood bldg.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large basement and
yard. 718% Grove st., between Buchanan and
Webster.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and barn, suitable for ex-
pressman or laundry wagon. 919 Capp st.
PRETTY unfurnished sunny cottage, modern,
of 7 rooms and flower garden. Apply 40 Dia-
mond St., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; also flat 6
rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st,, near
Dolores. -j •'~>'\ ■
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 11l Collins St., near Geary.
$15 — ROOMS; large yard and big stable. 1805
Ellis st.. near Pierce.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath.
Inquire at bakery, 3025 Sacramento, nr. Baker.
BUSH, 1207—3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each, $20,
bath; 2 flats, $11. Apply 1211 Bush st.
FINE new flat, 4 rooms; modern; $16. Corner
San Jose aye. and Twenty-ninth st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT, 5 rooms and bath, $12. 33 Norfolk St.,
near Eleventh, off Folsom.
FRANKLIN, 714, near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window flat; 4 large rooms; bath:
yard. .
HYDE. 416%— Flat of 3 sunny rooms; rent $11.
JESSIE. 820%. off Ninth— Flat of 5 rooms rea-
sonable to right party.
NICE sunny 3-room flat; rent very reasonable.
2085 Ellis .
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery. j
SUNNY corner upper flat of 7 rooms. 118 Web-
ster st., near Halght.
THIRD, 417%— Sunny flat, 8 rooms, latest Im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay-windows.
TO LET— new flats. 6 rooms and bath. 4136
Seventeenth St.. near Eureka.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath. S% Lewis st.,
off Taylor, between Post and Sutter.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
5% Lapldge St., off ISth, above Valencia.
UPPER flat. 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Flllmore.
COZY and sunny middle flat. 5 rooms: bath
and yard. 1740 Folsom st.. near.Thlrtenth.
FURNISHED FLATS. '
McALLISTER. 1441— Handsomely furnished up-
: per flat: 7 rooms and bath; reasonable to de-
Flrable party Apply 9:30 to 3.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALICE, m, bet. 3d and 4th, off Folsom — 4 sunny
unfurnished rooms; separate yard; rent $9.
AT 14 A Geary— Large, well-fur, • rm. for light
hekpg. ; run. water; $12 mo. ; others $150 wk.
BUSH, 1408, near Van Ness aye.— Three nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; $20.
EDDY, 305— Large front housekeeping room;
also single room; private family.
EDDY, Unfurnished or furnished floor, 4
rooms; private residence; no children; splen-
did location.
ELEVENTH, 124 A —Large newly furnished
sunny room, light housekeeping, $1 2."> week.
FOLSOM. 940, bet. Fifth and ': Sixth— Large
front sunny bay-window room for light
housekeeping or 2 gentlemen.
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2,- beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1050—2 well-furnished
sunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gap stove; use of telephone/
HARRISON, 731— rooms; furnished complete
for housekeeping; large yard; rent $14.
HARRISON, 046— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, bath, only $3 a month.
HAVES, 114— 2 unfurnished rooms. to let.
HOWARD, 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25c, 75<~ night; $1, $2 50 week.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— Nice suits on
first floor: also housekeeping; rent cheap.
HOWARD, 7<U%— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
.window suite; others; kitchen; man and wife;
reasonable.
HOWARD. 1061—2 completely furnished house-
keeping rooms; running water; $10.
HYDE, 129—2 nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, complete for hskpg.; single, reas.'
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; also single room, $7.
LARK IN, 326—2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET, 102S— Large sunny front room and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12: 2 unfurn., $5.
McALLISTER, 447, cor. Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
MINNA, Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, $1 a week and upward.
MISSION, .839— Large front suite complete for
housekeeping, $S; large rooms, $2.
■MISSION, £24— 2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $10. . .
MISSION. 827—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, $10;
well furnished. -
NINTH. Two sunny housekeeping rooms
reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 411— Furnished flat; also fur-
ninherl rooms.
O'FARRELL, 929, near Van Ness— clean front
rooms, complete; gas stove: $14 month.
PERRY. 263—3 unfurnished large sunny rooms;
new house; separate entrance: rear; cheap.
POLK. 608—2 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms on
bathroom floor: private residence.
SECOND, 130— Private house; nicely furnished
single and housekeeping rooms; $1 up.
SIXTH. 420 8 ay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and en suite; bath: reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 well furnished house-
keeplng rooms. $7 to $12.
SOUTH PARK. 184— 1 or- 2 large sunny front,
rooms; nicely fur. for hkpg.; every conven'ce.
STEINER. 603—3 sunny rooms; furnished for
housekeeping, or rooms. and board.
STEVENSON, 403. cor. Fifth— furnished
hkpg. rooms, complete, cheap; newly tinted.
STOCKTON, 603— Housekeeping and sunny sin-
gle rooms; reasonable.-.:
THIRD, Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $2 week; also single rooms.
VALENCIA. 223—2 large unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; ' large closet and running
water: cheap. -.
ROOMS. TO LET.
A— SUTTER, 717. 831— Furnished beautifully;
very choice; reasonable;, appreciated If seen.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; nrst-cla»s
in every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BRYANT. 457%, near Third— Double front sun-
. Ny room; suitable for gentlemen.
CALIFORNIA, 1303— With or without board;
cozy back room to single gentleman; private.
CARROLTON, 1206 ■ Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny ' rooms; prlcta reasonable.
ELLIS, 595— Fine suite, $18; large room, $12;
single, $6. .; . • : ■ ;.- ..-,- ;
FELL, ' 26, near ? Market— Two rooms, running
water; suitable for gentlemen; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE.. Handsomely . furnished
sunny front room; running water; private
family; reasonable. . ..
GRAND SOUTHERN, BE. corner Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
. slnsler elevator; moderate rates; famines. t
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HANCOCK Housed 781 Mission— Select family
rroming hcuse: $1 50 to $S per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 319 Suttpr, near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator; free baths.
HOWARD. S2»— 2 nice housekeeping rooms. $10;
also front room with- piano, $12; others cheap.
HOWARD, 1052— Nice sunny bay-window front
parlor; also back parlor; cheap.
HOWARD, 1072—4 sunny rooms and bath.
KEARNY, 425—2 connecting room, with piano,
cheap; also single rooms.
MAIN, 311— 54: tarnished sunny front room;
also smaller back rooms.
MARKET, 1035— Front suite, first or second
floor; also light housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1221— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room. $S; single rooms, $4 and $6.
MISSION, 34064:, near Thirtieth— Nice sunny
front bay-window furnished room.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 322 — Nicely furnished sunny
double room, $10; single, $4 up.
O'FARRELL, 538— 515; lower floor of three nice
rooms; large basement and bath.
POLK, 607— Furnished sunny rooms; running
water; cheap.
POWELL, 15, adjoining the Columbia Theater—
Well-furnished quiet rooms; day. wk. or mo.
POWELL, 17— Large handsomely fitted back
and one front: double rooms; rent cheap.
POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnisher! single rooms; sunny.
PROSPECT place, 123, off California, Stockton,
Powell; large room, folding bed, $6 to $8;
private; German.
ROYAL House. 12ti Ellis st.— lncandescent
light; reading room, smoking roura and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month. $8 to 530; elevator on
office .floor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths,
SCHRADER, 713, near Golden Gate Park-
it, om or suite to respectable lady.
SEVENTH, 230 A, near Howard— 3 newly fur-
nished sunny front rooms, $6, $S and $10 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth at..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BUMNER, 24, off Howard, near Eighth— Fur-
nished front room: private family.
THE Oaks 119 Third— A good rooming hoilse
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE WALDORF. 24 Filth Bt.. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1782.
TT'RK, 39— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, single and double: transient.
TURK. 529 — Sunny furnished room, $1 75 per
week; also large unfurnished room.
UNION, 817— Furnished parlors and rooms to
let.
VAN NESS aye., 944. corner O'Farrell— Very
desirable 3-room parlor suite, suitable for
housekeeping, doctor or dentist.
A WEEK'S news for B cents— The Weekly Call.
16 page«. In wrapper, for mailing. II per year.
BOARDISO AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up; Swedish home.
HOTEL VICTORIA, cor. Hyde and California
—Large sunny suite, with board; reasonable;
home cooking. ___
O'FARRELL 540— Neatly fur. double rm., with
board, $20 mo. ; without, $7 mo. ; French fam.
O'FARRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double, $20.
POWELL. 309 illotel Waldrrf). facinpr Union
Bq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; in
buslne*? locality for table boarders.
~CHILDREX BOARDED.
AN experienced nurse would like a baby to
bring up on bottle; none but little baby
taken. Address box 1302, Call office, Oakland.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants. $10 t. 6 r
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and le«
rrt-am parlor. 1035 Market st : popular pricas.
STORES TO LET.
NEW Ftores with 2 living rooms, on Seventh
St. near new Postofflce. By JOHN PFORR,
403 Pine st.
ELEGANTLY furnished Ftore; living rooms;
rent reasonable. 256 Third; call after 2 p. m.
CHEAP stores at 535 Noe st., near Market, for
shoemaker, tailor, etc.
I STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market, California and Drumm
sts. MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
STORE, 64S Fourth St., an old-established res-
taurant; rent very cheap. Apply MADISON
& BURKE.
TO let— Part of store; alterations to be made
by tenant. Inquire 5 Taylor st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in 3. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission at., above
Bixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estata, Sd
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty, any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third St.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye. — Money
loaned on diamonds, Jewelry and clothing.
i REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg . chattels.
| undlv'd inft!«, etc. Harper & Krelger, 112 Ex-
aminer building.
I MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without lndorser. TOUSI.EY, 59? Parrott bldg.
j STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal rw com-
mission; private. LICK, 11« McAllister.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage ot
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel Main 571 J.
FitoTbsALs.
OFFICE of C. Q. la., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. May 18, 1899-Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate, will be received here until 11 a. m.,
May 31, 1899, and then opened, for the con-
struction of the following buildings at Fort
Stevens. Oregon: 2 barracks, 3 double sets of
officers' quarters, administration building, Q.
M. stable, N. C. O. quarters, bakehouse, hos-
pital, hospital steward's quarters, workshop,
Q M. and subsistence storehouse. Information
furnished at this office. U. S. reserves right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or any
i part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should b^ marked: "Proposals for Construc-
tion of Buildings at Fort Stevens, Oregon."
and addressed to undersigned. J. W. JACOBS.
C Q M. Date of opening proposals extended
to June 15. 1599.
PROPOSALS.
BTATE PRISON SUPPLIES.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison. SAN'
QUENTIN, until 10:30 a. m. SATURDAY.
10fH DAY OF JUNE, 1899.
And at the office >t the Clerk at State Prison,
KOLSOM, until 9.30 a. m. SATURDAY.
17TH DAY OF JUNE, 1899.
At which times and places they will be
opened In presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
■ tlstlng of subsistence stores, forage, fuel,
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and other
Ftaple supplies, from July 1, 1899, to June JO,
1900, Inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices. .
No bid will be considered unless m_de upon
said schedules, nor unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers In
the clasees of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upcri some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. M. Fitz-
gerald. President of the Board, of his bid,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
contract upon notice of acceptance as re-
quired by law.
Bldg for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid in cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules.
The Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids as the public Interest may re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. V. ELLIS. Clerk.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$875— FOR - sale cheap on account of removal
from city, a new house and lot; lumber first-
- class; brick foundation; 3 large rooms: large
lAsement can be altered to living rooms;
laundry; beautiful location; protected from
the wind; 1 block -from San Bruno Electric
Road: a mortgage of $300 can be transferred
if desired; also furniture for sale cheap; lots
in vicinity worth $350 to $450.- Further infor-
mation by GEORGE RYAN, at grocery, cor.
Twenty-eighth and Alabama sts., S. F.
FOR sale — 4-room cottage; basement; 29x70;
Chenery «t., near Thirtieth. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON ii CO., 17«« Market st.
— NEW corner 4-room bay-window house;
10-foot brick basement; stable. -1439 Shotwell.
IF your property is mortgaged ana ycu netti
. more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
GENUINE bargain; $1800: easy payments; hard
finished house, 8 rooms and porcelain bath;
. large fine chicken houses, stables and garden;
75x100; high fence and large trees; must be
sold quick; two blocks off Kentucky-st. elec-
tric car: this is not an old. rattletrap place.
J. J. EVANS, real estate agent. 630 Market.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
MUST be sold; good business property of three
stores and two houses renting for about $150
a ' month under lease: lot 40x80 feet, two
frontages. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st. .'..
$2500— NEW modern 6-room cottage, . with all
the latest conveniences: $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125; near corner • Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON. Builder.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money gee H. MURPHY. S3O Market st.
WANTED— " .
Cheap lots near car lines anywhere in San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agent,
630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN, \lO Montgomery.
LOT 25x80; 10-room house; street work com-
plete: sacrifice: must sell next week. See
OWNER, 247 Turk St.
4-ROOMED house: lot 25x100: $600. 63 East
Park St., Holly Park; Mission cars.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— By owner; bargain.
Model home, located in beautiful frostless
' Hollywood; most healthy and accessible suburb
of Los Angeles; reached by electric care in 30
minutes from city center; fare, 10c; 5 acres in
full bearing lemon and navel orange trees, pro-
ducing abundance of fruit, which is shipped
to San Francisco market, bringing highest
prices, being choicest quality.
New 2-story Colonial house, up to date, viz.
Open plumbing, range, hot and cold water, fine
bath room, porcelain tub; house wired for elec-
tricity; n«w barn and carriage house; shade
trees, palms, flowers, etc., etc.; abundance of
water for Irrigation; perpetual water right and
paid for; income from fruit sales pays hand-
somely on investment; owner engaged in mer-
cantile business In San Francisco, and Interests
are centered there.
Would consider exchange for desirable San
Francisco or Oakland property. Address the
owner, W. B. GLIDD-EN,
120 Sutter St., San Francisco, Cal.
$12 AN acre— 3oo acres, 240 level; 1300 trees full
of fruit; on railroad, near Redding; house, 2
barns; plenty timber; a beautiful "place; some
furniture and implements; half cash. -~~ ■■•■■■"■
$300, $100 cash— l6o acres, 14 miles from Cot-
ton wood Station; fenced; house; barn; fine
place for hogs and stock; title perfect.
Only $2500, part cash— -84 acres, level; 30 In !
fruit: 2 miles from station; nice house, barn,
chicken houses, windmill, furniture, chickens,
wagon, buggy, yearling Jersey, all goes.
CHARLES W. POPE, 11 Montgomery st.
A— s29so; 60- ACRE grain and fruit ranch; only
40 miles from San Francisco; new town; rail-
road and boat landing; 40 acres grain and
fruit; good barn, but old house: sold for. face
of mortgage; place actually worth $4500. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
FOR sale, Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowlchan Lake, Van-
couver .and; unexcelled salmor. and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON, Duncans, Van-
couver Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised In dry season of 1837-98 address THE
COCATI CO.. 302 California st.. S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
W. D. HOLCOM & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year,
L*)tCAHU)iAL.
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
. Baying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics,
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages. English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market at.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60, Flood build-
Ing, S. H. TARR. Principal; pupils fitred
for all office work: course In bookkeeping:
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low- rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt. j
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, -mech. survey, assay, archt. : day & eve. ;
eet. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION on piano, violin and cornet;
terms reasonable. 1207 Howard st.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day »nd night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing %
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 303 Larkin ■ st.. opp. City Hall.
MINING ENTERPRISE.
TO the new gold fields, Lower California —
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
.Asuncion Bay, Lower California, the early
part of June with passengers and freight:
accommodations for 150 passengers; call early,
as only few berths left. CHAS. F. BLAM-
DIN. President. 10 California St.. room 5.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKI.AMt KJBAL ESTATB.
$90 UPWARD; $5 cash, $5 monthl--- choice level
lots, revised map Galindo Tract; nothing to
compare to these for double the money; grand I
view; fine soil; In tropical Fruitvale, adjoin-
ing East Oakland; no fogs nor cold winds:
streets all graded; some macadamized; city
water and sewer and near a fine 3-story
schoolhouse and 3 lines of electric cars; nice
homes surrounding; build your home or we
will build for you; payment as ->vr rental.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh st. and
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free;
Westall Tract, lots $39 upward ; terms to
suit; Allendale Tract, lots $75 upward; terms
to suit; Gallndo Tract, lots $90 upward; terms
to suit. H. -a JONES, owner.
HOUSE of 7 rooms; lot 25x100; Cypress
St., near Seventh. W. P. RYAN. 960 Seventh
St.. Oakland. . - t .-. ■ f . ■•
OAKLAND FURNITURES FOR ' SALB.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schel'haas. th«
furniture dealer ll{h and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMKI)V REAL ESTATB. .
IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERSH
These five houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts: ' .
No. 1 — 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, -, bath.
No. $1650 for a $2500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— «000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 6— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
620 Market St.. S. F.. Bay-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles 'in • delicate health; largo
grounds: private. MRS Ff.N'KK. 1416 Bth »t.
FRUIT VALK REAL ESTATKv
FOR sale or exchange for modern /house, an
acre Jot In residence portion of Fruitvale.
207 Eighth st., Oakland.
BERKELEY .REAL ESTATE.
SPLENDID residence lot near university; bar-
gatn for cash.- -Address box 536. Call office.
"marriage licenses. •
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
George S. Hill and Alice Wilson ...... 34-19
E. I. A. Frahm and Minna C.S. 80th. ...34-29
John J. Murry and Lena A. Fraser 23-19 !
Michael Estelita and Nellie Ke11y.....;.... 24-20
Wm. Schneider and Edith Mattenberger.. 2s-21
Anton Larsen and Eftle Elliott 28-21 I
Nels Matthisson and Louise H. Hlnsch 34-23
Charles W. Judkins and Beatrice Cecil. 21-20
Osgood K. Jones Jr. and Elsie F.Emmal.. 26-25
William E. Wilson and Dora E. Barkar 52-37
Ollie J. Lervoog<and Ida Johnson 30-26
Harry P. Healey and, Mary Trolan 27-24
Louis E. Comstock and Ruby Husted 24-24
• BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
' BORIST.
ARMBRUST— In ■ this city, May 28, 1899, to the
wife of A. C. Armbrust, a daughter.
BROWER— In this city. June 4, 1899, to the
wife of John G. Brower, a son.
CHIUCOVICH— In this city, May 31, 1899, to the
wife of S. d. Chiucovich, a daughter.
DAVIDSON— In this city. June 5, 1899, to the
wife of John Walker Davidson, a son.
MARRIED.
KICK— SAMUEL— In this city, June 4. 1899, by
j the Rev. H. Samuelson, Wolf Bick and Rachel
Samuel, both- of San Francisco.
CARLSON— JOHNSON— in this city, June 3,
1899, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. John Carl-
son and' Emma Johnson, both of San Fran-
cisco. ■■' .- t* :
MENDEZ— VICINI— In Oakland. '■ May 29. 1899,
by Justice of the Peace William Van de Mark,
John A. Mend .-. and Louise A. Vicini, b'.-th of
San Francisco.
DIED. '
' Bates, Howard Preble. Louis B.
Beretta. Annie E. Hrstl, Henry
Cella. Ferdinando J. Schoenfeld, Pauline
Ellsworth. Johanna . Sloan. Elizabeth
Gartelmann. : Henry Stafford, Smi'v
. Goldberg, Phillip Staudin^, Mary
Hanniver. Nora Walters. Jacob J.
Kent. Edwin . Weilheimer, Seligman
Luhr, Rev. John E. Williamson Margaret
McCarthy, John D. • Wallenberg, Eda
Menke. Henriette Wolters, Letitia I.
Nealon, Minnie E. Wyntjens, Ellanore
Plumb. Charles M.
BATES— In this city. June 4, 1899. Howard
Bates, a native of New York. a?ed 60 years.
BERETTA— Oakland, June 5, 1889, Annie E.,
beloved wife of Italo A. Beretto. a native of
San Francisco.
CJThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Francis
de Sales Church, corner Grove and Hobarc
streets, Oakland. Interment private.
CELLA— In this city, June 4, 1&99, K-rdinando
J.. beloved son of Lucca and Augustina Cella,-
brother of Mrs M. Panario, Mrs. C H. Ben-
nett, Mrs. H. A. Decki-lman. Anita, Eleanor
and William Cella. a native of San Francisco.
. aged 34 years 5 months and 25 days.-
C?" The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), June 6. at 8:30 o'clock, from the
residence of his sister. Mrs. H. A. Deckelrrian.
241 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'-clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ELLSWORTH— In this city, June 4, 1899, Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of Charles E. Ellsworth,
and mother of Lillian and Adelaide Ells-
worth, a native of Ireland. (Newport, R. 1.,
papers please copy.
Friends antl acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral tlii"? day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1308 Jackson street. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
GARTELMANN— In this city, June 3. 1899,
Henry, beloved father of Mrs E. R 1 :-. Mrs.
M. I? Ink, Herman Gartelmanu and the late
J. Gartelmanu, and brother-in-law of. J. R.
and H. Fischbeck. a native of Hanover, Ger-
many, aged 60 years 2 months and 27 days.
A member of Hannoveraner Verein, Nord-
deutscher Verein and San Francisco Lodge
No. L O. d. H. S.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), June 6. IS'J9, at 2 o'clock, from his
. late residence, 510 Grove street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ;-..".
GOLDBERG— In this city. June a, 1899, Phillip,
beloved husband of Mary Goldberg, and father
of Mrs. Raphael Cohen, Mrs. Ph. Lewis and
Rosa and Martha Goldberg, a native of. Ro-
Rf.:en. Germany.
HANNIVER— In this city, June 5, 1899, Nora,
beloved wife of William Hanniver, daughter
of J.ihn and Johanna Sullivan, and sister of
William, Mamie and Marsrarft Sullivan and
the late Daniel an John Sullivan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 8 months.
KENT— In this city, June 4. 1899, Edwin Kent,
a native of England, aged 76 years.
ETTrienrls are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 2:30 o'olock, at St. Mary's Cathedral, cor-
ner Van Ness avenue and O'FarreH-stn
LUHR— In Oakland, June 4. 1899, Rev. John E.,
beloved husband of Anna Luhr, a native of
Minnesota, aged 37 years 7 months and 14
days.
(T^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late rest-
dence. ft 32 Magnolia street, Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, June 5, 1899, at his
residence, 1316 Fulton street, John D. M -
Carthy, dearly beloved brother of Daniel.
Timothy D.. -Nellie and Michael McCarthy,
a native of County Kerry, Ireland, aged 38
years.
IC?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
MENKE— In this city, June 5, '". Henriette.
beloved wife of Christian Menke, and ther
of Mrs. Frank Niemeyer, Mrs. J. Filmer and
Louis 11., George and Edward Menke, a na-
tive of Prussia, Germany, aged 59 years and
10 months.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her law
residence, 24 Hardy street, between Sixteenth
and Seventeenth, Church and Sanchez:
NEALON— In this city, June 5, 1899, Minnie
E., wife of J. C. Nealon. and mother of
Maria G., Margaret E. and James Joseph
Nealon, a native of New York, aged 46 years.
• [TTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 928 Haieht street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for th repose of her soul com-
mencing at- 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
PLUMB— In Lafayette, June 5. 1899, Charles M.
Plumb, a native of New York, aged 68 years.
PREBLE— In the City and County Hospital,
June 5, 1899, Louis Baiteman Pieble, a native
of Georgia, aged 65 years.
ROSSI— In this city, June 4. I*o9, Henry, dearly
beloved .son of the late Giuseppe Rossi and
' of Mis. Maria Rossi, father of Henry and
Humbert . Rossi, and brother of Antone
and Alphonse Rossi, a native of Italy, at ■■!
35 years. (Stockton, Cal. papers please copy.)
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 510% Broadway, thence to Gari-
• baldi Hall, where services will be held un-
der the auspices of the Garibaldi Guard So-
ciety, thence to Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHOENFELD— this city. June 4. 1899. Pau-
line, wife of the late Ernest Schoenfeld, and
mother of Abe, Leon, Joseph, Gustav and
Milton. Schoenfeld and sister of Herman
Ebers, a native of Colmar, Germany, aged 56
years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tb>s day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 305 Octavia street. Interment New Sa-
lem Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SLOAN— In this city. June 5, 1899, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Patrick Sloan, and mother of
Marion Elizabeth Sloan, a native of Omeath,
County Louth, Ireland, aged 3.0 years and 3
months.
STAFFORD— In this city, June 5, 1599, Emily,
beloved wife of Thomas H. Stafford, a na-
tive of England, aged 54 yearsa.
(CTFriends and acquaintances .are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 900 Greenwich street, corner of Taylor.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
STAUDING— In the City and County Hospital,
June 5, 1899. Mary Stauding, a native of Aus-
tria, aged 62 years.
WALTERS— In this city. June 4. 1899. Jacob J.,
beloved husband •of Laura B. Walters, and
father of Herbert J.. Harry E., Charles \\\.
George C. and Alfred J. Walters, a native of
.New York, aged 50 years and 10 months. (San
Mose papers please copy.) .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 204 Valencia' street. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
WEILHEIMER— In Mountain View, June 4,
1899, Seligman, beloved husband of Sophia
Weilheimer, and father of Mrs. Cella Marks,
Aaron, Julius, Henry and Sam Weilheimer,
and brother of Mrs. B. Herri and of. the
late Samuel Weilheimer, a native of Germany,
aged 73 years 2 months and. 19 days.
■ (ETThe funeral will take place this day
, (Tuesday)-, at 11 o'clock, from the family res-
idence at Mountain View, .Cal. Friends desir-
ing to attend the funeral services will take
the 9 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery.
WILLIAMSON— In Bakersfield, Cal.. June 2,
1899, Margaret Crawford Williamson, widow
of the late A. M Williamson, and mother of
Mrs. J. P. Brownlee, Phoebe and Louis Wil-
liamson of San Francisco and Mrs. G. A.
Sellery of Neligh, Nebr., aged 67 years.
C7"lnterment at Kincardine. Ontario.
WOLLENHERO— In this city, June 5, 1899, Eda,
beloved daughter of L. and H. L. Wollenberg,
and bister of Sophie and Nettle Wollenberg,
a native of Prescott, Ariz., aged 10 years and
6 months. (Prescott, Ariz., papers please
copy. ) ' • •
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral' this day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment New Salem Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2:15
o'clock.
WOLTERS— In this city, June 5. 1*99, Letitia
Isabelle, dearly beloved daughter of Louts
and Kate Wolters, and sister of Madeline
Wolters, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 2 months and 3 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the family
residence, 2% Verona street, off Third, near
Folsom. Interment private, in Holy Cross
Cemetery-
WYNTJENS— this city. June 4. 1839, Ella-
nore, beloved wife of Louis Wyntjens, daugh-
ter of Mrs. F. J. Wilson, and sister of Mrs.
Lottie French and Frank E. Wilson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years 1 month
and 9 days. ' • '
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ■ funeral this day
(Tuesday), June 6, at - o'clock, from her late
residence. 31 Eleventh street, between Mis-
sion and Market. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher*.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND KMEAI.MTBB^
10 Fifth it.. oppos:l* Uaoola Scam* "
T*l«tibon* Boutb M. _" ' '
1112
THE "SUNDERED SEVEN" HOLD
A MEETING ALL BY THEMSELVES
SIX ADJOURN TO CALL ON THE GRAND JURY
Cofiins Sat in
the Mayor's
Chair.
.An Ancient Resolu
tion Made to Do
Its Best.
Resolution No. 2205 (fourth
series) — Resolved, That the days
and the hour of meeting of the
standing committees of the Board
of Supervisors be and the same
are hereby designated as follows:
Judiciary — Tuesdays at 10
o'clock a. m.
Fire Department — Tuesdays
o'clock p. m.
Streets and Wharves — Thurs
days at 10 o'clock a. m.
Health and Felice — Fridays at
10 o'clock a. m.
Finance and Auditing — Fridays
at 11 o'clock a. m.
All other standing committees
at the call of the chairman of the
respective committees or on such
days and hours as may be here
after designated.
Further resolved. That this
board will hold its regnlar weekly
meetings on each Monday after
noon at 2 o'clock.
PASSED BY THE BOARD
JANUARY 3. 1899.
UNDER the shadow of the above
ution the "sundered seven"
■.f the Board of Supervisors
' iy what they pro
fessed to believe was a "regular
weekly meeting" oi rhe board. They
■ i no business beyond appn i
me the minutes of the meeting of last
Monda y, a liy Buffered s>>
grievous a
r the Inactivity of the
aid f" ihe fact that, deep
duwii in their hearts, ih«-y .lid not be
lieve their meeting was either regular
or !'-ga!, ih-';- purpose in holding it be
ins only ■ sorry bluff at hold
ing ih'-ir pi s;pon. Had the meeting
valid they had it in their power
as things turned out to have done
everything the minority and healthy
j.uii!:' ■ I previ nted them
•g. Then were seven <■( them
th< - • ■ transaction • f
business. The franchises which they
had been asked t" grant the week be
fore c I.e. n presented again,
a*: they rly :m the shape of
a resolution, and this res i.lution, read
in th ■ .it such things are
Usually .---ad. could have been rushed
through I Irman "f their own
choice " irh i\\- stereotyped phrase, "if
;s ii.> objection the resolution is
ted." And that would have settled
it i efore Supervisor Kalben, even if he
Si> desired in i!i» face "f his recent
plodge. could have entered the neces
sary protest.
A few minutes after the seven got
together the Mayor was apprised by a
rnemlx r "f the minority of the lisks h->
and his liv- Supervisors who were
keeping away were taking In loavinK
such a loophole open for the majority.
The Information <;ime as a sort of a
Fhock. but his Honor and the others,
■who \\f-r^ all in the Mayor's nfflno hold
ing n consultation on on the' state "f
affairs, decided that it would be better
to stay away. They decided, however,
that ii would be necessary to provide
against the lontinpency, and to do so
In the easiest manner it was r-onrlud^d
t;> dispatch the Mayor's secretary.
Colonel Sullivan, tn the board room to
keep an eye peeled for any such resolu
tion and to coach Supervisor Kaib.-n
to enter the proper objection if it be
came necessary.
It was not necpssary. No such resolu
tion was forthcoming, although several
of the majority said afterward that
they were perfectly aware of the
fact that one to that effect could have
been pushed through in the manner in
dicated. Supervisors Aigeltinger and
Holland both said that it was riot the
intention of the majority to take any
snap judgment in regrard to the fran
chises, and, for their part, they pro
■l. a? they had stated in interviews,
that they would take no hand in con
sideration of any franchise until after
the Grand Jury had finished with the
alleged bribery charges. At any rate
.'tft^r th>- meeting was over the Mayor
and the minority breathed easier that
it had not become necessary for them
to go iiiio court to attack the validity
of resolution 2205 and the meeting held
under it. They held that th« resolu
tion was not of any force and that the I
meeting was irregular, and they agreed I
that the. majority had not improved its '
position one iota by holding it. On the
contrary, the Mayor was firmly of the
belief that the seven had cut their own
throats by approving the minutes of
the previous meeting, although It is be
lieved they hope to make some point
against the minority In th« fact that
HOW MAYOR PHELAN
VIEWS THE SITUATION
IN rd Interview yesterday after the adjournment of the seven Super
visors Mayor I'helan was anked for his views concerning their ac
tion. He saiil:
"I think the action of the majority Is nothing short of a victory
for the minority. 1 consider that the majority, by adjourning with
out transacting any business, yielded to the moral force backing the
minority. They hesitated to do anything:, thus acknowledging the posi
tion we have taken. that a meeting has to be called regularly under the
consolidation act.
"Now as to the resolution Tinder which the majority got together. It
was passed at the beginning of the year, not for the purpose of making
a rule for the board, but solely and only as the consensus of opinion of
the members concerning the >lay and the hour it would be most conve
nient for them to meet. If they hold that under that resolution they
must always meet on Monday afternoon, how Is it that since its passage
they have met at other times— one Tuesday that I recall and one Thurs
day night?
"Under the consolidation act all meetings except those specially
provided for and those called by the Mayor are adjourned meetings.
Now, at the last meeting they agreed to adjourn by adjourning without
a day. At their so-called meeting to-day they approved the minutes of
the last meeting and thus left themselves without a leg to stand on. They
art- in the air until July 3. the day appointed for the next meeting, un
less 1 shall cull one sooner. I cannot see that the resolution helps them
any.
"In regard to the date of the next meeting, I will consult with the
minority and see if they want to meet next Monday. I will consider the
status of this franchise business and tind out how the members of the
majority feel, and maybe we <an come to some compromise.
'One of the majority members. Supervisor Holland. . told me after
the meeting that he hoped some way could be hit upon so that we could
come together. He says his people at North Beach want the crosstown
railroad. We are all In favor of that if it is granted a franchise under
the terms of the new charter, that !s, for a term of twenty-five years,
with a graded percentage of their recetpts to be turned into the city
treasury and their electric wires put underground. The majority of the
Supervisors wanted to anticipate the charter and grant franchises for
fifty years. Now, what is the matter with us anticipating the charter
by complying with its terms and giving the city the benefit? Nothing
that I can see."
To the Mayor's views on the invalidity of the resolution under which
the seven acted was advanced another. It depended upon the legal
construction of the words, "Further resolved, that the regular weekly
nvtings of the board," etc. It is contended that under the consolida
tion act no such meetings as "regular weekly meetings" are provided
for. It narr.'-s five days upon which meetings shall bo held, and says
nothing about "weekly meetings" at all. The contention is, therefore,
that the seven might just as well have held under a resolution provid
ing for centenary meetings of themselves.
the Perrault motion for reconsideration
was net acted upon.
The majority might not have been in
such ;i hurry to hold their meeting yes
terday had they known that Mayor
Phelan had decided some hours b
that he would call a meeting of thp
board for next Monday. He had al
ready prepared written notices to serve
on all the members, These notices, it
is presumed, will still be used for the
same purpose.
It was 25 minutes of ?, o'clock yester
day afternoon when the spven Super-
♦ *
©-♦—••-♦-'*>-♦— <t> -♦-<*•-♦—<*>-♦— -♦--<*>-♦-^
visor? marched in single file from the
Clerk's office, where they had been in
consultation, to the meeting room.
They slid quietly into their seats while
Clerk Russell took his place behind the
desk. Producing a typewritten paper,
he read as follows:
To the Clerk of the Board of Super
visorst San Francisco: You will please
take notice ih;it a meeting of rho
Board of Supervisors will be held on
Monday Rfternoon. June n, 1890. at 2
o'clock, pursuant to the provisions of
resolution No. 22n (fourth scries), the.
board at its last meeting having
omitted to fix a date to which the
board would adjourn, and in case of
the absence of his Honor the Mayor
you are hereby instructed to call the
meeting to order, so that a chairman
can be appointed so that the business
of the Board of Supervisors can be
proceeded with.
GEORGE W. COIII.INS,
E. C. KALBEN,
ARTHI'R ATTRIDGE,
EDWARD HOLLAND
W. H. PHELPS.
E. AIQELTINQER,
H. BLACK.
"In pursuance of thip notice," said
Clerk Russell, "I now, call the board to
order." Supervisor Aigeltinger imme
diately nominated Collins for chair
man. Black seconded the nomination,
and all the votes were cast for the nom
inee. On taking the chair Collins called
for the reading of the minutes of the
memorable meeting at which himself
and the other six were knocked into
parliamentary cocked hats. Clerk Rus
sell had not finished the reading at one
minute to 3 o'clock, when Collins inter
rupted him.
"Is anybody present." he asked, "who
wishes to present a bid for supplies for
the Fire Department? The time is al
most up, there is only a minute left?'
THE SA3T FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUKE 6, 1899.
There was no answer to this appeal,
th< bidders evidently holding the same
opinion of the legality of th.' meeting
as did the Mayor and the minority,
and Collins ordered the clerk to pro
reed to the end. It was reached at last,
and the chair hearing no objection to
the approval of the minutes ordered
th^m approved, thus putting on record
the assent of the majority to the action
of th^ Mayor in adjourning them with
out day and making their future
\ as thorny as possible.
A call by th.' chair for petitions from
members elicited the replies that they
; had none, and the clerk proceeded to
read a large number on file. This con
sumed another fifteen minutes, durinp
Which the seven were momentarily ex
pecting another summons from the
Grand Jury to the farce. It did
not come and they wpre compellpd to
sit it out, cold-footed as they were he
coming, until the last communication
was read. Then, quicker than a wink.
Chairman "'ollins announced that the
. opening of bids for Fire Department
supplies would bo postponed until next
; Monday. AigHting^r made a motion to
i adjourn until that day at 2 o'clock.
There were several seconds and a unan
imous vote for the motion and the
short-lived bluff was ended.
Before and after the sitting of the.
Beven the Mayor and the members of
the minority held consultations con
cerning the situation and seemed to be
wen pleased at the state of affairs.
They all were <rf opinion that the fran
chise matter was knocked out, the more
so that Kalben had seceded on that
proposition at any rate. This feeling
was enhanced when Supervisor Hol
land, who, seemed to be sneaking: for
. the others of the majority, voiced the
; hope that "all would Ret together.' 1
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following; petitions were received and re
ferred to th* Street Committee: Twenty
seventh Street Improvement Club, for the con
demnation of lands necessary to extend Twen
, ty-seventh street from the easterly line of San
Jose avenue to Valencia street, and for pro
• vision of funds for same; Williams, Belter &
( 0., to construct sewer In l>ur>ont street- be
: tween North Point and Heach, and crossing of '
Kupnnt and North Point; Pacific Paving Com
| pany, for permission to pave with • bitumen,
by private contract. Clay street, between lo
cust and Spruce; Falrmount and Glen Park
! Improvement Club, for rescinding of permission
granted Flynn & Treacy for macadamising
• < henery street, from Fair-mount to Castro
i property-owners, for bituminlzlng of Folsorn
i street, between Ninth and Tenth; W. T Sulli
van, for aeeeDtance of a deed to piece of land
for the purpose of widening Charles street;
i North Central Improvement Association for fa
■ vorable report on the proposed crosstown line
of railroad; Felix Me Hugh, for permission on
behalf of property-owners to construct a sewer
In Ninth avenue, between I and J streets and
a sewer in the crossing of Ninth avenue and I
streets.
PROTESTS RECEIVED. ; '
The following protests were received and re
ferred to the proper committees: Property
j owners, against laying of artificial stone side
walks, on Eighteenth street, between Church
and Sanchez; property-owners, against paving
Spruce street, between Washrlngton and Jack
son; property-owners, against grading of Cosa
avenue, between Prospect avenue and south
! east line of Chapultepec street; property
owners, against changing the grade at the
I crossing of Sixth avenue south and X street
I south; property-owners, against laying side-
I walks on Sixteenth street, between Church and
I Sharon; property-owners, against proposed con
| strulction of an 8-lnch sewer In Stevenson
i street, from Tenth to Its northerly termination
property-owners, against construction of an 8
! inch sewer on Worth street, between Twenty
j first and Twenty-second; property-owners
against proposed paving with basalt blocks
: roadway of Seventeenth street, between Doug
; lass and Clara avenue; M. Coleman. against pro
i posed construction of an artificial ■ stone side
, walk on Colllngowood street, between Seven
teenth and Eighteenth; property-owners
a.gajnst reserving of Filbert place, between
Union and Filbert streets. '
Each Denies the
Offer of
Coin.
inquisitors Make but
Little Headway
With Them.
AFTER their meeting yesterday
"all by their lonelies" the ma
jority Supervisors, with the ex
ception of Supervisor Kalben,
who had been there before, has
tened to the Grand Jury room, where
they had been summoned to give tes
timony regarding the statements at
tributed to Supervisor Kalben that
there hud been bribery in the beard.
Jn addition to the six. Supervisor
Heyer of th<> minority had also been
subpenaed. Supervisor Phelps, who
had admitted in a conversation before
a witness thut he had overlooked an
opportunity to make half of $6000, was
the first witness called. He was inside
more than half an hour, and looked
when he came out as if he h;id had a
trying time of it. He was closely ques
tioned by District Attorney Murphy in
reference to the conversation related
to the Grand Jury by John D. Spreck
els, who said that Phelps had admitted
that he had overlooked a chance to
make $6000, and that he, being a poor
man, did not propose to miss another
opportunity. Phelps admitted having
had such a conversation, but said that
Mr. Spreckels must have misunder
stood. J 1 is version of the story was
that he told Mr. Spreekels that he had
heard, in a general way, that he could
have made $6000. He denied that he
had told Mr. Rpreekels that he was of
fered that money.
Phelps admitted that ho had been
spoken to hy Henry H. Lynch about the
franchises, but denied that Lynch had
ever offered him money for his vote.
PhHps was followed by Supervisor
Heyer, who was on thf stand only a
short time. In answer t < > questions
concerning bribery in the hoard, iv
said he knew nothing except the ru
mors mentioned by Supervisor Kalben.
Supervisor Holland absolutely de
nied that he kn"w anything of bribery
in the board. He, too. he said, had
heard the rumors, hut had never seen
iho passing of any consideration. In
regard to tho "corkscrew" franchise,
he said he favored it because he
thought hif< constituents wanted a
rropstown line. Another consideration
he had was in the knowledge that rail
way bonds could not be floated in the
money centers of the world if their life
was less than forty years. That was
why he favored the fifty-year fran
chise..
Supervisor Aigeltinger succeeded
Holland in tho jury room. He denied
that any consideration had Influenced
him in voting for the franchise? other
than that he had thought it was a pood
thing. He Baid he had conversed with
sfVf.-ral friends about it and they had
advised him that It was a desirable
franchise to let. He said he had voted
for the others on th^ same grounds.
Supervisors Collins. Hlack and At
tridge went before the jury in the order
named and denied that they had been
Influenced by other than good motives
in voting for the franchises. Each said
that he knew nothing of bribery in the
board.
THE "ASSOCIATED VILLAINIES."
Fortieth District Democratic Club
Adopts Strong Resolutions.
Strong resolutions were unanimously
adopted last niprht at a largely attended
meeting of the Fortieth Assembly Dis
trict Democratic Club at Bear Hall,
corner Post and Flllmore streets,
against the attempt e-f the Market
Street Railway and Southern Pacific
companies to acquire more valuable
franchises in this city. The resolutions
ONLY REGRETS HE
DID NOT KILL HER
Ward's Wife Tells Her Tale of Woe.
THERE is no remorse in the heart of Dennis Ward, the longshore
man who almost succeeded in kicking his wife into eternity on Sunday
night. Ward was arrested yesterday morning by Detectives Ryan and
ODea and Police Officer . Regan. A charge of battery was lo< 1 <<\
against him and bail fixed at $500 cash.
Yesterday the condition of Mrs. Ward was? considered so serious
that she was confronted with the brute she calls husband, and in his
presence and that of Detective Ryan and Officer Regan made a statement
of the lads of the assault.
The poor woman's pitiful recital was frequently interrupted by the man.
who was the cause of all her suffering. "He kicked me on many other oc
casions," she moaned.
"You lie," he shrieked, and the long line of sufferers patiently enduring
pnin in the common ward of the County Hospital Involuntarily stuffed
their fingers in their ears, while a few of the convalescents uttered a warn
ing hush.
Mrs. Ward's story was a long tale of abuse, privation and want. "He
was a brute when he was drunk, and not much better when he was sobber,"
she said. '•Saturday night he chased me out of the house after striking me.
On Sunday night, when he came home, he was drunk. He kicked me many
times, and dragging me i t 1 1 < > the kitchen, threatened to get a knife and .kill
me. His cousin, Con Ward, was in the room, and although Con was also con
siderably tlic worse for liquor he Game to my rescue."
■Tart of that statement Is true." said the unnatural husband, "but the
greater part is .-ill lies. My life with the woman has been an awful one. I
have no peace with her. She was awfully jealous of me and continually ac
cused me of guing with other women. 1 was drunk on Sunday night, and
may have kicked her Once, but no more. I'm only sorry that I did not kill
h*--r. As it is. J would willingly do six years just to be rid of her for that
time."
The wife ridicules the husband's tale of jealousy. "It was not jealousy,"
sh'^ said, "thut madf me upbraid him. It was hunger. I wanted food for
my children and for myself."
The Wards have been married nine years, and s^ven littlf ones have called
the injured woman mother. Of the seven, but four now survive, the eldest
8 boy 'of eight, and the youngest a babe just three months old.
were Introduced by K. P. E. Troy and
in substance are as follows:
Whereas, Owing to the watchful <-are
exercised by Mayor Phplan. Supervisors
Deasy, Byington, Perrault, l-arkmann
and Heyer, the Market Street Railway
: {inri Southern Pacific Companies have
been prevented from acquiring' the fran
chise for the Geary-streel road in the
Rii hmond District and other parts of the
j city, and the laying of double tracks m
the Mission district, be it therefore
Resolved, That we are unalterably op
posed to the granting of Mich privileges
or the granting of any franchises until
the new charter shall be in force and only
when the utilities cannot be operated by
' the city.
Resolved. That we approve the course
of said officials and bespeak for them the
■ suffrage of all citlsena who have the in
terests of the community at heart.
X. solved. That we congratulate the peo
ple of this <ity and county in this the
first victory against the "Associated Vil
lainies." and certain "blind and bleary"
! instruments in their employ.
Edward F. Rock, president of the
club, presided at the meeting and intro
duced Judge Thompson, the first
speaker, who spoke in praise of the new
primary law. which he regarded as a
potent measure for decent government.
Jle referred to the election of Governor
Cage, to his peculiar conduct and his
attitude on the long-drawn-out Sena
torial struggle.
Short addresses were also delivered
by Joseph Orrman. Ot-nrge H. Cabaniss.
L. M. Manzer, Supervisor Byington and
others.
The rluh now numbers 150 members
and is rapidly growing. President Rock
announced that there would be a meet
ing of the executive committee to-mor
row night.
HAD A NARROW ESCAPE.
Five-Year-Old Frank Elliott Falls
Twenty Feet to the Sidewalk.
Frank Klliott, a five year-old hoy living
at 3 Rincon placo, fell from the roof of a
shed yesterday afternoon and sustained
a severe concussion of the brain. He was
taken to the Harhor Receiving Hospital
and the injury was dressed by Dr. Fitz
gibbon.
Little Frank was playing with a num
ber of companions, and during the game
climl>ed to the roof of the shea. In some
manner he missed his footing and fell
headforemost to the sidewalk, twenty feet
below. When picked up he was uncon
scious and the ambulance was Immedi
ately summoned. The little fellow's
mother was away at work when the ac
cident occurred, and when she heard of
it on her return she at once went to the
hospital and sat by the bedside through
out the night. The doctors think the boy
will fully recover from the shock.
Alaska Commercial Company.
FOR ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting there with our own vessels for
CAPE 11, COLO! BAY, UN,
And all points on the Yukon River. The new, magnificently fitted, FIR3T-
. ' CLASS STEAMSHIP . '
" BERTHA"
Now lying at Folsom-street Wharf No. 2, will sail POSITIVELY ON
JUNE Bth AT 2 p, M,,
To b» followed at intervals of about two .weeks by Steamers "ST. PAUL" and
"PORTLAND."
For particulars as to freight and passage apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY
V 810 SANSOME STREET, San Francisco, Cal. ' '
.-■' ■ ■ ■•■'■'•'•. ■ ■ ■ . w^w, .....
DECLINED TO HONOR
HIS SIGNATURE
ABE FRIEDLANDER ARRESTED
FOR PETTY LARCENY.
Destroys a Note He Had Signed and
Then Inflicts a Beating on the
Man Who Tried to Collect It.
Abraham Friedlander, son of E. Fried
lander, a manufacturer of ladles' and
children's underwear, was arrested yes
terday on a warrant sworn to by Louis
Martin and charged at the City Prison
with petty, larceny. The charge was based
on Friedlander's action in destroying 1 a
note for $20 which he is alleged to have
signed and took that means of avoiding
paying it. ■
" Louis Martin, a cigar dealer, is the com
plaining witness, and he says he intends
prosecuting-Friedlander because of his al
leged assault on him and for his refusal
to honor the note. According to his story,
about a month ago Friedlander contracted
a debt at. Martin's cigar store and after
assuring the proprietor of his willingness
to meet the bill, gave him three notes in
amounts of $20 each. As he did not wish
his father to learn of his indebtedness,
Friedlander paid two of the notes, but
on the third being presented to him he
is alleged to have flatly refused to honor
it and also to have showed his disregard
for the cigar dealer by tearing It up and
consigning him and. the pieces to the ut
termost depths. Martin says he was loth
to part with his goods' gratis, so he paid
a visit to the elder Friedlander at his
place of business at 14 Gutter street and
appealed to him to settle the indebted
ness, but he declined to do so While
Martin was discussing the matter with
the father the son r enraged at * the for
mer's action, rushed forward and accord
ing to Martin attempted to do the cigar
dealer an injury. Friends Interfered for
the moment, but Friedlander was said to
be still determined to inflict punishment
on Martin and to have sprang forward
a second time. His mother and father
in their efforts to shield Martin from in
jury pressed the latter back and their son
Is said to have rained a number of blows
on the defenseless cigar dealer. As Mar
tin, Is lightly built and his assailant
weighs in the neighborhood of 200 pounds.
the h former retired from the encounter
with several bruises on his countenance.
Friedlande" fo^tery^' 1 ' 18 ?«»«*a»«
Dr. Sarsfield's anti-inflammation salve
is a positive curp for hip disease, white
swelling, sprains, burns, croup, sore
throat, etc. All druggists. •
BARKEEPER THORN ON
THE WITNESS STAND
HE TELLS HOW HE FOUND AND
LEFT MISS DICKEY.
Inquests Into the Cases of May Hot
tua, Mrs. Herbert Clark and
Christopher Cappelmann,
the Latest Suicides.
Coroner Hill held three inquests yester
day in suicide cases, and simple verdicts
of suicide were rendered by the jury.
Miss Blanche Dickey and Officers Syl
vester and Mulcahy told their stories,
which have been published in Th.
i and then Harry Thorn came on the
He said that lie was a barkeeper and de
clined to state when- he was working.
He admitted having kept company with
the Dickey girl for live months and then
he parted from her.
"I left her as pure as I found her," h«
said dramatically. "She was a pure, vir
tuous girl. Two weeks after I left her I
met her again on Market street and then
I learned the kind of a life she had been
j leading."
Thorn was with the pirls last Friday
and they had the blues. They had been
j drinking heavily. When they spoke of
j suicide the witness B aid Jestingly that if
they did not quit that kind of talk he
i would take a shot at them. That was
j-the last he saw of tn< gli - until he was
summoned by -telep] the Royal
Kagle lodging-house at ten minutes past
i 3 o'clock on Saturday morning and saw
: the girls suffering from the chloroform
! they had swallowed.
In the case of Dolly Clark, alias Mur
phy, who committed suicide with .-arbolic
; acid at the Mansfi* Id House oi Post street
! last Friday, F. Ortega, the 30-year-old
I elevator boy of the Mansfield testified
I that Mrs. Clark ran out I , wav
j screaming that she had .-boric"
1 acid. She fhrew her arms around him
and shouted in his ear, and as she did so
| her lips grazed the lower lobe of his left
ear and burned the tip of it with the
acid. She had been passing for the wife
of Herbert Clark and had no other visi
tors.
! Aupust Johnson, manager of thf Contra
) Costa lodging-house at 14 Jackson str«»et,
was the chief witness in the case of Chris
topher Cappelmann. who hanged himself
to his bedpost in that house last Satur
-1 day. Up said that Cappelmann took to
drinking after he and his wife were di
vorced, and that, at the time he took hi«
; life he was suffering from delirium tre
t mens. lie hud never threatened to end
his life, and in fact there was no reason
why he should do so.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! IT PAYS
| TO WATCH OUR SALES.
j FOR THIS WEEK... 1
CHAMOIS
GLOVES
THAT WILL WASH... I
CHAMOIS
GLOVES
THAT WILL WASH...
| The Regular $1 Kind. j
FITTED AND GUARANTEED. \
THE CLOW HOUSE
I 800 Market Street, |
Corner Orant Avenue. a
] Prompt Attention to Mail Orders. 1
«>o*o<§>o<s>o«>o<S>o«>os-o<§'o<S>o<s>o«>o*o«>
VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! I
| g Cap A Natural Mineral Water p
O H with medicinal qualities, O
o fljlk For Indigestion and °
° 4f^lL Stomach Disorders, o
! 1111 l So-called VICHY !
S MFBwl IN SIPHONS %
I IS - NOT ViCHY
o.^^^il Get the Genuine %
o jijijiijilh'j S
o IVl4EQb£»b IkCJi *■
<$■» o
2 A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent ♦
#o*o»o«o^o<s>o^o$o«oao*o^o*o*
Painless Dentistry.
J^ffffifi^ff\ SEE OUK NEW
j^^g Flesh =Colored
Wa P^ Cannot be detected from
SB A ■■ the natural teeth and gum.
"fe3 *S '*' thin and stronger thaa
rubber.
Crowni. $3.80. Plates. *."». Filling. 000.
ALL. WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS,
24 Sixth st., Cor. Stevenson.
000000000000000000
•'» PALACE '■"■? I
GRAND hotels O
SAN FRANCISCO
** Connected by a covered pa*sa«eway. 5J
° l4ooßoomr— 900 h Bath Attached. °
O All Under One Management. O
O ■;.-{' MOTE THE PRICKS: O
O European Plan. 8 l.ftO per d«y ana upward O
A American P!an.sG.OO per dayjind upward n
" Correspondence Solicited. v
O , JOHN 0. KIBSPATRICX. Suifit. O
00000000000 0000000
*&&tS^*^&aSa remedy for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spermatorrhcea,
jgSS&r I* lto t>AxTs\\ White*, unnatural dia-
ffffV Oa»r»ntttd ■ rharfies, or »nr iaa:imma-
fc*w9 not to Krletore. tion, irritation or ulcer*'
B^!3 P " TOOU contmlon. ticn .f bucobi ni.TO-
ITEVHEEVANSCHEMiniICa brane ' 1 - Non-" i - iD / vnt -
Vi^. Ntn t a Wor sent v Plain w . r *P»«li
■ Circular Mat on rt«c<SSi
Weak Men and Women
»»r»n-rth to aexual or«an*. Pepot, _*?_ M ™