VOLniE LXXXVI-NO. 83.
BOERS PAVE THE
WAY FOR WAR
Curt Refusal of Chamberlain's
Demand for a Court
of Inquiry*
PATE TOWN, Aug- l'l.— The report that the Transvaal Government
handed its reply to the Bri Ish agent at Pretoria to bo forwarded
Lto Sir Alfred Milner, British High Commissioner f< r South Africa
and Governor of Cape Colony, is confirmed. It is believed thai
the proposition of itain for a Joint commission to inves
tigate the effect which the franchise reform legislation would have on
the Outlanders has noi been pted, but that necessary proposals have
advanced.
Sunday was observed throughout the Orange Free State and Cape
i V with humiliation, prayer and sermons advocating il so
lution of the crisis. Mr. Snyttler. a leading Dutch Reform preacher here.
red to the clos< I the '"him- Dutch to those of the Trans
which, he add< 3 of the great Afrikander family.
If war w . Great Britain would commit a "henious
erim< before God and i litlng in civil war in Capi Colonj
There : - . siness a 1 Johannesburg: Greal
tow thered at the railway st (ions', expressing disapproval at ihe
for i i olonj and I >vi ba n, Natal.
LONDON. Aug. 21.— The Colonial Office, in confirmation of the dispatch
from Gape Town saying the Transvaal Government had handed its
reply to the British agent .1; Pretoria, says that Sir Alfred Mjlrier has
I 4 telegraphed a message to that effect. All the officials of the Colonial
Office would say in regard to the matter is "the reply is not a com
plete acceptance of the proposal of Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of the Col
. There is no; linger any doubt that President Krugei has refused to sub
mit to the demand of Mr. Chamberlain for the a; ointment of a court of
inquiry. He may have done so diplomatically or hedgingly. but that his
answer is regarded by the British Government as tantamount to positive
refusal is. now an established fact. The Colonial Office is noncommittal,
but there are other evidences which amply justify the statement. The
report that President Kruger has proposed new terms is somewhat verified
by the guarded- comment of the Colonial Office officials and the irritability
■•■I there.
There is not the slightest doubt that they now believe war is the only
way to settle the controversy. Th«y would far rather have had a curt, de
fiant answer than the temporizing answer which the Boer President has
sent. With the former Great Britain would have plain grounds for a
quick cunMTienc^ment of hostilities. Under the circumstances which it is
believed npw exist aggressive action needs considerable explanation to Jus
tify, it In the eyes cf the world an' l the English minority, who still de
clare that war would be an ;--i: However, if Mr. Chamberlain has
his nay. it is believed President Kruger's counter-proposals will meet with
scant attention and unless the Km--". s completely back down, which Is not
likely, trie crisis will quick'.y develop no war. It has developed that tht
War Office has b^en aware of the nature of the Transvaal Government's
answer for several days ml that it was communicated to the War Office,
hence it is probable that Great Britain will delay denouncement as littlv
as
A high official pressed his disgust at which he termed •Kruser's cv-
Pidity and hypocrlcit; ' Tie said:
"The kind of garni which Kruger is playing must be clear t" Ameri
cans. Th" protestations 'of the Boers that they wish to live a guM, agri
cultural life may he the tune ■ f some of the veldt, but the gang *•■ Pro
toria is simply after money. Though President (Cruger says many .larsh
things of the Outlanders. he never hesitated to make money out of thrm.
either by fair or foul means. _ ■:.,- .«> ■-»■ !■«--■'
This Transvaal question cannot b« judged by recent ocourronces. You
must go back fifty years. It has b«en hanging fire all that tim» and th"
sooner it is settled now the better."
Though the official did not actually say so, it was clear that he believed
war was the only method of settlement.
It is learned that the Government is somewhat annoyed at the public's
slight interest in the Transvaal.' The official above quoted said:
"Dreyfus seems the only thin-; (.hat our people think about, though
Engfland is in a most serious crish*. This indifference is perhaps "vpical."
A special dispatch from <";:;■ Town says there is great danger of an
outbreak of violence on the frontier and that the scum of South Africa is
enlisting throughout the Colony and is being sent to Pitsana and Jameson
on the border.
CAPE TOWN. Aug. According to Afrikander reports, the Trans
vaal's reply is a counter proposal of a five years' retrospective franchise
in the election of the President and an increased representation. It is said
that th« suggestion is made to submit all other differences to arbitration.
BERLIN. Aug. 21.— The Neueste Nachrichten publishes tl.e following
dispatch from Pretoria: "President Kruger a few days ago personally con
ducted a church service prior to holding an official reception. In the course
of the ceremony he prayed that if war were unav '.able God might find
right and truth on the side of the Afrikanders."
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
FOR AMERICAN NAVY
Department tc Purchas2 Instruments
and Make Experiments in the
Near Future.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2L- Action has
heen taken by the Navy Department
aoking i" th< purchase of instruments
g with wireless teleg
raphy "ii board American ships of war.
Considerable Becrecy is thrown around
the work of the department in
Hon with wireless telegraphy, not be
here is any desire to keep ilv
public in the dark, but because of the
■ state in which tin- Inven
ts*. 'Ina; attention has been
given to the subject by the French and
navies and th* work f t h,, H r j,_
ish Admiralty mi connection with Mar
coni has shown th<- value of -he inven
tion. Lieutenant John Colwell, naval
attache of the I'ni ed Stat.-s legation
In London, for so up time has been
carefully following: the Marconi ex
periments and Cully r^portinp upon
them to Rear Admiral Bradford, chief
of tii.- bureau of equipment, upon
mendatidn the department
tructed Lieut&iant Colwell to
onsult with Signor Marconi regarding
the purchase of instruments and their
installation on board of men-of-war
As soon as the instrumqits are received
xperlments between vessels and
■ vessels and siore will com
PORT ELIZABETH, ALGOA BAY, SOUTH AFRICA.
Here the Boers have been landing *ms on British soil for their friends in the Orange Free State and Cape Colony.
The San Francisco Call.
mence. Jt was with a preat deal of in
terest that the department officials fol
lowed the use of the Marconi .system
during the Kritish maneuvers. .
The cruiser Niobe of the British fleet
had on hoard the Marconi instruments
and Bipnor Marconi in person. Th»
latter will visit the United States next
month as announced in to-day's Lon
don cable.
MOVEMENT OF TROOPS.
Twenty-Sixth Infantry Ordered From
Plattsburg to This City.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 21.— Orders
were Issued to-day directing the move
ment of the Twenty-aixth Infantry
from I'lattsburg;, N. V., to San Fran
cisco. The Quarte rmaster's Depart
ment, acting under instructions from
Secretary Root, is negotiating Cor more
transports f<>r the Philippine service.
Owing to the determination of Secre
tary Root to rush the troops forward
the nripinal schedule prepared in the
Quartermaster's Department has been
entirely disarranged and it is the de
partment's intention to have not only
the first ten regiments afloat by the last
of October, but also those to be raised
under the last order.
Miss Brown Sent to Napa.
WOODLAND. A, IK . 21. - Miss Coral
Brown, who was lnri KP ri i n the County
Jail yesterday by Constable Harrison on
a charge of Insanity, waa committed to
| the State hospital al Napa to-day uy Su
perior Judge Gaddip.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY. ATJGL'ST 22, 18!)9.
JOUAUST DISPLAYS HIS
HATRED OF PICQUART
First Open Evidence of Partiality by the Head
of the Court-Martial.
Hissed by the Spectators When He Prevents the Friend of
Dreyfus Refuting Statements Made by Captain Junck,
a Witness for the Prosecution.
JT)ENNES, Aug. 21-.— -Three
YY points stood out prominently
in to-day's proceedings in
the Dreyfus ease. They were Col
onel Jouaust's display of partiality,
the nczc attitude taken by Dreyfus
DICTATION SCENE IN DU PATY DE CLAM'S OFFICE
This' event, mn<ip famous by the j-rnreodinps fn tho Dreyfus caso. occurred in October, 1894. It was Immediately fol
lowed by the arrest of Dreyfus. Th<- incident was described yesterday by former Chief of Detectives Cochefo'rt. who whs
present ;it the time. In the illustration Dreyfus is the person Bitting, Cochefort is in the center and Colonel Dv Paty de
< 'miii to the right.
and the contemptible conduct of the
last ivitness, Junck.
The spontaneous utterance of
Jouaust of the word "encore"
(again) -echen Picquart asked to be
heard, is the topic of conversation
this evening, as Jouaust for the first
time thus openly and candidly re
vealed his partiality and hoisted the
anti-Preyfusard colors. Through
out the trial neither he nor any of
the Judges have shown a particular
love for Picquart, but he has never
committed such a flagrant violation
of justice and his duties as a Judge
as he did to-day. Colonel Picquart':;
attitude of manly independence and
utter fearlessness when at the wit
ness box, his refusal to gently mur
mur evidence in the ears of the
Judges instead of as he did utter
ing his testimony in a trumpet voice
so thai not a person in court missed
FAURE AND HIS COHORTS
CHARGED WITH REBELLION
PARIS, Aug. 21.— Tn consequence nf yesterday's events judicial pro- "
ceedings have been instituted against Sebastian Faure and four others "
for rebellion, acts of violence and attempts to murder, and against divers -
persons for robbing a building and burning its furniture; also for -
breaking windows and inciting to riotous assemblage. A judicial inves- -
tigation will be had before Magistrate de Valles.
A member of the anti-Semite League says that M. Guerin has three
d;iys' more provisions. M. Guerin's co<.-k has been removed to the hos
pital. Ilf complains that his illness is due to hip privations, and says
that M. Guerin has only twelve men with him, and that his provisions
are nearly exhausted. laioien Mille
voye, one of the Deputies for the
Seine department, and Ludovlc Ger
vaise. Deputy for Nancy, asked the
Government for permission to visit
M. Guerin this afternoon. Their rr
quesi was refused by M. Waldeek-
Rousseau, who also declined to
allow them to reconnect the water
supply and to revictual M. Guerin's
establishment.
The papers of this city, in com
menting on the riuts which took
place here yesterday, are unanimous
in pronouncing the situation to be
of the most serious character.. The
Conservative and Nationalist or
pans accuse the iJiivernment of hav
ing provoked yesterday's bloodshed
by .unjustifiable arrests. The Gau
lois reproaches the Cabinet for not
having measures taken to prevent
the occurrences.
The Figaro expresses the belief
that the troubles are over, and says
the Government has decided to act
with the utmost vigor against M.
Guerin, me president of the anti-
Semite League, who, with companions, has been barricaded in the head- >
quarters of the league since August 12. It is also said the Premier, M. -4-
W.-ildec-k- Rousseau, thinks there will be no further disturbances in the >
streets of Paris.
The Rappel blames Sebastian Faure. the anarchist orator, for provok-
ing troubles at a time when it is the duty of everybody to urge calm
ness.
a syllable, irritated the Judges, who
showed their impatience in he tone
of the questions they put to i in.
Picquart to-day was perfectly within
his rights, even his duty, to as I.*1 .* to be
heard in the true interests of justice, in
order that the fullest light should be
shed on the affair, and It is woll re
SEBASTIAN FAURE. ♦
membered that when, last week. Gen
eral Billot and other generals asked to
be confronted with Picquart, M. Ber
tullus and other witnesses. Colonel
Jouaust readily accorded permission.
The Dreyfus press is certain to take
up this matter. The only Dreyfusard
newspapers at Rennes have already
, |
Continued on Second Page. J
KAISER FACES
CABINET CRISIS
Headed by Prince Hohenlohe, the
German Ministry Sends In Its
Resignation*
JT)ERLIX, Aug. 21. — A Cabinet meeting was held this -after-
J_J noon at the residence of Prince Hohenlohe. The Imperial
Chancellor and the whole Cabinet agreed to resign. The
acceptance of the Ministry's resignation is uncertain.
Emperor William will return to Berlin on Wednesday, when,
it is reported, he wUI preside at the Cabinet council and decide
what steps are to be taken.
All kinds of rumors are aitoat. One paper asserts that, the
Kaiser has accepted the resignation of the zvhole Cabinet. Others
are of the opinion that the fall cf Dr. yon Miquel will entail the fall
of Prince Hohenlohe also, but nothing will be definitely known until
the Emperor arrives. 'The newspapers are still actively continent
ing upon the difficulties of the situation.
NEW YORK.- Ausr. 21.— The Journal's Berlin cable says: The diplo
matic career of Dr. Miquel, the Minister of Finance, who was intrusted
with engineering the passage <>f the bills by the Diet, is acknowledged t ; «
be ended. • .Prince yon Hohenlohe will also be shelved, not only oil account
of his extreme age— he is eighty years old— but his inert management -of'
the chancellorship of late calls for a new incumbent of this highost office
in the empire
fount Marshal yon Hiebf>rstein. former Minister of Foreign Affairs, ia
prominently mentioned as the next imperial Chancellor. He was sum
moned by the Kaiser on Saturday immediately after the rejection of the
canal bills, and. it is believed, was intrusted to begin a vigorous anti-
American campaign. The probable dissolution of the Diet as a result of
the defeat of the canal bill is much talked of. The Conservatives are-mov
ing heaven and earth to prevent this. It is said that even now Dr. Miquel
is trying to patch up the conflict between the Conservatives, pointing out
to both that only the socialists and the social Democrats can benefit by an
open rupture.
To-day's action has caused a big sensation, and it is believed to; indi
cate that the Conservatives have entered a finish fight with the Kaiser.
CHANGE IN LOCATION OF
SANTA CLARA COLLEGE
The Institution Will Be Moved to
Either Leonards or Mountain
View.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 21.— There is a proba
bility that Santa Clara College will be re
moved from its present site In the town
of Santa Clara within the next two years.
I The matter is now being considered by the
Jesuit Fathers, and it is stated that on
j its golden jubilee the college will certainly
■ be moved from Santa Clara.
Two places are being considered— one
mar Mountain View and the other at
i Leonards. Santa Cruz County. The latter
I locality is the favorite. At Leonards the
I Jesuit Fathers own 160 acres of land,
much of which is improved: It is most
delightfully situated near Aptos, and part
of the property faces on the bay at Santa
Cruz It has a magnificent beach and is
one of the 6oesi sites fox- n collate in th*
State. The climate as -fine- and the- beach
would furnish excellent bathing for the
students. ■. ■■.■>. .:- v. ' v .- ■ -.:}* t .
The grounds at Santa Clara are small
and there is an ever-increasing taxation,
' sides there is a general indifference
among the people of that burg as to the
college. ■.•■-••■■ • , '
Santa Clara College . was founded on
March 19, 1861, by Fathers Mobile and
I Accolti. under the sanction of the late
i Archbishop Alemany. To-day it ranks
among the universities of the State.
! On March 19 1901. the celebration of the
1 golden jubilee of the college, the corner
stone of the new building will be laid
It has not been decided whether it will
! be near Mountain View or at Leonards,
but most likely the latter place.
GREWSOME FIND OF A
PARTY OF CAMPERS
Saw a Child's Body Floating Down
Stream, But Could Not
Secure It.
REDDING. Aug. 21.— A story comos
from Fall River Valley to the effect that
Amasa Dollarhide and sum*' <arnpers.
while fishing on Pitt River, discovered
the body or a boy Moating down stream.
They describe the corpse as that of a
child some 6 or 7 years of age. dressed
In a white waist and dark colored knee
trousers. They made every effort to se
cure the body, but having neither rope. I
boat or any other appliances, they were
unsu:*cfssful. though they say that atone ]
tim.- they could almost reach it.
They followed the body for about half
a mile, down thf canyon, till they came to
a large eddy. and thinking the body would
remain there for some time they hurried j
back to town to get ropes, but when they
returned to the place the body had dis
appeared and has not since been seen.
Quite a number of men wont out from
town and searched along the river until
dark but their efforts amounted to noth- '
Ing. ' Tho parties who saw the body are j
not able to say whether it was a white
child or an Indian. The face was dark
and badly swollen and bruised, probably ;
from contact with rocks and snags in the
stream. The mystery is deepened by the ;
fact lhat no child. Indian or white, has :
been reported missing. The dress of the
child would indicate that it was not an |
Indian. The witnesses are highly re-
Bpectable, and the incident has attracted |
a great deal of attention.
DYNAMITE EXPLODES IN
A BLACKSMITH SHOP
One Man Believed to Be Dead and
Another Is Seriously In
jured.
TACOMA. Aug. 21.— News reached here
to-day of an explosion of dynamite in
Horseshoe Basin mining camp, Okanogan
County.
Foreman Cameron and John White, a
miner, were injured. It is believed Cam
» ton died before medical aid could get
I to him from Lakeside, at the foot of Lake
' Chelan. eighty-five miles below Horseshoe
Basin. The accident happened in a black
: smith shop, which Cameron entered with
i a bux of caps while White was working at
the anvil. Sparks fell among the caps,
setting them off. This caused an explo
sion of dynamite near by. The blacksmith
shop was blown to atoms and the men in
side were thrown in opposite directions.
Cameron was picked up nearly dead,
- pieces of timber and metal being found
sticking Into the upper part of his body.
i One eye was blown out and a piece of
i wood several inches long was pulled out
of a large hole in his left side. A mes
i senger was sent to Stehekin. at the head
lof Lake Chelan. and a special steamer
was chartered to go to Lakeside, sixty
', miles away, for a doctor and nurse. These
will arrive at Horseshoe Basin to-morrow
morning, nearly two days after the acci
dent occurred. There is a possibility that
' White will live.
Soldiers Visit Stanford.
PALO ALTO. Aug. 21.— A number of sol
diers from the Nebraska volunteers came
down on a special car to visit Palo Alto
and Stanford University to-day. The girls j
I of the town turned out in force to re- ]
S ceive the boys and to make their visit an I
i enjoyable one. The soldiers were escorted j
! to the carriages that had been provided '
and they and their fair entertainers were
driven about the beautiful grounds and
buHdtnga of Stanford University and i
! about Palo Alto. The volunteers returned
I to the Presidio on the evening train. J
PRICE FI\ r E CENTS.
WINTERS MUST PAY
THE FULL PENALTY
Application of the Baden Murderer
for a New Trial . •
Denied.
REDWOOD CITY. Aug. -21.— Harry
Winters, who was convicted on January
20 of last year of the murder of Charles
Andrews, will be resentenced' to be
hanged. 
Winters, ;ogether with two. other- men
by the name of Raymond and Willetts,
in the winter of 1897 visited i the Baden
Hotel, at Baden, in this county; for the
purpose of I'm. ting the place. They en
tered by a back door after the hotel hart
closed for the night and made their way
upstairs, where a watchdog: owned by the
proprietor. Patrick Frrriter. alarmed the
latter, who came to the door and discov
ered ' on" of the men in -the hallway.
Upon being discovered the man demanded
of Ferriter. that he go down to the bat
and pet liquor. This was refused, and
the man was ordered out. A scuffle en
sued between the men and awoke the
lodgers. Ferriter had the man down
upon the floor and succeeded in getting
his revolver away from him. Andrews
then came out of his room with a light
and was fired upon by the other bur
glars. He was struck, and died from the
effects of his wounds.
A few days later Raymond was tried
for the murder, convicted and sentenced
to be hanged. He refused to appeal and
the sentence was executed. Wifietts was
apprehended, pleaded guilty .and was
sentenced to life imprisonment. Winters
was tried, convicted and sentenced to be
hanged. He appealed to the Supreme
Court, where the judgment was affirmed.
He has applied for a rehearing, and the
application is now pending. The remlttitur
Was sent down and filed here on the 17th
inst. Judge Buck has signed an order re
quiring the Sheriff of San Mateo County
to have and produce the body of Defen
dant Winters at and before the court on
August 24 for the purpose of passing
judgment upon him.
SHOT AND KILLED
BY A POLICEMAN
INDIANAPOLIS, Aug. 21.— James
Birch, who came to this city two years
ago from Louisville, was shot and killed
by Patrolman G. M. "Warren at Birch's
home to-day. Before he was killed
Birch shot the policeman twice, making
serious but not necessarily fatal
wounds. ; *-
Birch and his wife were entertaining:
a party of friends and were drinking:
beer. Trouble arose and Birch, it is
alleged, struck his wife with a dish. A
woman living in the block called the
attention of the officer to the case and
he went to make an investigation.
When he stepped into the room Birch
ordered him out. He refused to go and
Birch reached for his revolver. Warren
struck him with his club and Birch
then opened fire. Mrs. Birch ran be
tween the men and one of the bullets
intended for the officer struck her in
the arm. As soon as Warren could get
hold of his revolver he fired five shots
at Birch, all of which took effect.
a
NEW GUANO PLANT.
Claus Spreckels Purchases a Fishery
on Prince of Wales Island.
KETCHIKAN. Alaska. Aug. 15- (via
Vancouver, B. C, Aug. 21).— Claus Spreck
els of San Francisco has purchased a
fishery on Prince of Wales Island, and
yesterday a tug arrived with men and
material for the building of a large plant
The first step will be the construction of
large tish guano works. The product will
be carried directly to Hawaii, where there
is a large market for it.
«
Winemakers Lose.
SANTA ROSA, Aug. 21.— Judge Dough
erty in the Superior Court -is afternoon
gave judgment for the defendant in the
case of the California Winemakers' Cor
poration against F. Schmidt on account
of the failure of thp corporation to amend
its complaint within the specified time.
The case is one where the corporation
brought suit for specific performance of
a contract. Schmidt joined the corporation
and then declined to transfer his wines In
accordance withtheagreement.
Drowned at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 21.— This afternoon
Freddie Jackson, the 7-year-old son of
Bert Jackson, who is employed on Cap
tain Taylor's launch, was drowned in So
quel Creek, near the bath-house at Capi
tola. The boy. accompanied by a young
girl went wading and got in a hole be
yond his depth and sank. Boys on the
banks rushed to his rescue, but arrived
too late. Mr. Martin of Santa Rosa, who
was bathing in the surf, heard the fries
for help and went to the rescue. He dived
in and brought the body ashore.
Death of a Pioneer.
SALINAS, Aug. 21.— \V. H. Taft. one of
the pioneers of Salinas, died this morning
at his home in the western suburbs. He
was a native of New Ynrk and in his sev
enty-ninth year. Deceased was also a pio
neer of Owyhee County. Idaho, and one
of the earliest settlers of fcallna*.2
"FIGHTING JOE"
REACHES MANILA
Important Movements
Expecled.
SCHURMAN WITH NT KIN LEY
♦
TELLS THE PRESIDENT OF PHIL
IPPINE CONDITIONS.
Will Probably Give His Opinion
Concerning the Conduct of
Major General E. S. Otis in
the Campaign.
c to The Call ;in.i the New fork
, • 18 19, by Jan c I tor
■ ■•
MANILA. Aug. 21.- 'While a reoonnoiter-
Ing part} of the Twenty-fourth infantry
Captain Crane wa- crossing the
Moriqui . -if' to-day the
broke. The current, very swift
at that point, caused the raft to capsize,
drowning nine enlisted ixn n.
The United States transport Tartar
from Ban Francisco .Inly 24, with i
■!'l his daughter, tro ips
nth (nfani ry and more than.
in coin, has arrived. Th< troops
■■ land owing to a typhoon
which is raging.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 2L Important de-
Phillppine situation are
follow th. conf< r» nee which
it Lake < 'hamplain thl w< •k.
I - hurman of the Philippine
Peace Commission arrived at Ithaca to-
I will proceed Immediately to Lake
Chnmplain and acquaint the Pi
wit ii his \l< w< and 'thi se of I
on 'h< conditions on the Islands .-■ re
tarj Root lefl this city this afternoon for
Laki Champlain. Attorni . General
a: been with the Presid* m for
two officials will c.in
sult with the President and Mr. Schur
man.
As Mi s. hurmari was frequently on
th" firing line In the Philippines he had
■ conduct of
and men v It is not at
b i Improbable that tin President will ask
i for hi.- opinion of Gen-
Otis, lvi it was emphatically de
p to th< time thai Mr. Root !• ft
thai no change in the cotn
■ the army on the islands is con
■
■ to-day consulted with
Corbin. Quartermaster General
and Colonel Bird, quartermas
rtation. In - n
. ■ f new regiments and
Si -
sured I hat all reinforce
• ral < Kis \\ ould i"" 1
at Manila by December 1. h Is under
stood thai while with the Presid<
thi appointments
if additional officers to- the new regi
ments.
Rumors were currenl at the War De
lay that Aguinaldo lias be
of i" ace; A
\:ch official .of thi- War Departnu
■ the ■ ontents of all dispatches r< -
(eneral <mjs assured me that
jo Mich advices had been received from
since those'cabled more than
i month ago, lndi< tiations
• officers of
&gulnaldo's army. The moral eff<
raising the volunteers and
h to Manila Is expected to
■ ■ will be no ,i, [ay
■ In transporting men.
Orders were issue. ] to-day to the Twen
>-sixth Regiment, Btatloned at Platts
jurg, X. V , directing it to proceed to San
.la !•■ -!■ i and Provide i
which ]"'in?s many of them were resi
lentf. Four r. gimei ta are now under
• 1 will sail for Manila before Sep
t< mber 10.
NEW V<iHK. Aug. 21.VThe World says.
opinion in Washington thni th*
demands i ithi r Miles or Mer
• of them will I
ifter the forthcoming conference.
JOUAUST
SHOWS HIS
PARTIALITY
Continued Prom First Page
published a protest this afternoon.
The s ci nd point, the change of atti
tude on the part of Dreyfus, has given
universal satisfaction to his friends.
■■ he had confined himself, when
i the Judge if he had any reply
t' . ■ i" witnesses, to an Impassioned
I ition of his Innocence. This made
an Immense but transitory Impression
on his hearers. Moreover, General Roget
made the significant remark in court
last week that an innocent man dors
not merely protest his innocence, but
defends himself. This undoubtedly
Btung Dreyfus Into the line he adopted
to-day, when lv- arose and replied, ar
HEARST WANTED TO BACK
DEWEY AGAINST BRYAN
Creelman Sent With a Gold Offering to
Induce the Admiral to Run for
President.
OMAHA. Neb., Aug. 21.— Jacob Gould Schurman, United States Com
missioner to the Philippine islands, passed through Omaha Saturday
evening. Edward Rosewater* of the Omaha Bee met Mr. Schurman at
the train and in the course of the conversation on Mr. Schurman's
mission to the Orient the Commissioner incidentally discussed matters
of a political nature not relating to the business which took him to
Manila.
W. J. Bryan was hilled to speak in Omaha on Saturday evening.
This fact led Mr. Schurman to inquire about Mr. Bryan's prospects for
a renomination for the Presidency, He was anxious to know the at
titude of Democratic leaders toward Mr. Bryan's candidacy, and in con
nection With in ' subject h» imparted important information which may
exert some influence upon party leaders who are disposed to doubt the
Mcp idiency of choosing Mr. Bryan for Democratic standard bearer in
1900.
It is well known that Admiral George Dewey is a member of the com
mission of which Mr. Schurman was chairman. Upon the latter's ar
rfval at Manila the two men were in almost daily consultation. Mr.
BcJrurman saic] to Mr. Rosewater that William R. Hearst, proprietor of
th" W-w V' lie Journal, dispatched James Oreelman to Manila to tender
to Admiral George Dewey the backing of thf Journal and the unlimited
financial backing of Mr. 1 Hearst if the admiral would consent to the
use of his name as the Democratic candidate for the Presidency.
Mr. Schurman said Admiral Dewey declined the tender and asserted
what has already been wired to this country — that he had no political
aspirations.
Mr. Hearst's suppont of Mr. Bryan in 1596 is a matter of record.
He flaunted the free silver candidate in the faces of the old school
sound-money Democrats of New York and staked tho reputation of his
newspaper on the Chicago convention. The fact that he contemplates
the candidacy of another man for 1900 is significant as indicating the tem
per of Democrats in New York.
Admiral Dewey told Mr. Schurman of Mr. Hearst's tender.
gumentativeiy, in a calm voice, to the
| various points raised by the witr—ss^s.
, It was in response to Captain .Tunck
that he made his longest statement, oc
cupying about ton minutes, during
which he us-.-il the notes he had taken
while Junck was s»eaking, and with
methodical arrangement of facts and in
unequivocal langauge effectively dis
cussed !he inaccuracies of Junck's tes
| timony. The prisoner punctuated his
remarks with moderate, well-chosen
ires of his right hand, standing
erect, facing his Judges and holding
i his gold braided kepi in his left hand.
The third point, the conduct of Junck
in repeating confidences made to him as
a comrade, by Dreyfus, disgusted his
hearers, and in the mind of any right
thinking man must have considerably
impaired the value of the remainder of
his evidence. He and Dreyfus sat to
gether in the same c.-fFiee and naturally
exchanged confidences regarding their
relations with women. Hut, it was
' pointed out. no -Tie but a contemptible
person repeats them in court, especially
i in the case of a man passing as an "tli
cer and a gentleman.
Dreyfus, in replying, scored distinctly
when he brought out Junck's utter lack
"f sense' of honor, and himself declined
to enter into a discussion of the mat
ter.
A striking figure in court is Matthieu
Dreyfus, brother of the prisoner, who
usually sits in one of the front rows of
the witnesses, with his elbow on the
back of the seat in front of him. his
chin resting on his hand and his Intel
ligent face turned to the witness-stand.
With .ye and ear he follows every
. word and gesture of those on the stage,
and his look reflects the absorbing anx
iety of his mind. The audience may
titter and smile, but his features nevei
relax into the semblance of a smile.
They only soften with a look of pity as
he glances at his brother seated <> n the
stage and compelled to submit to the
ruthless fire which his enemies, one
after another, level at him from the
witness box.
The mnsr*interesting part of to-day's
proceedings was. as usual.- at the con
clusion. Major Lauth repeated in dif
ferent words his evidence given before
the Court of Cassation. He is not an
impressing personage. He has a bull
dog head and cavernous eyes, a monocle
bring stuck in his right eye. He w ;( s
dressed in the uniform of an officer in
the dragoons. The audience did not
follow his deposition with close atten
tion, as everybody knew what he would
say. A bored look fell on the audience,
and the infantry sergeant who acts as
[ messenger between. Colonel Jouaust,
Major Carrtere and the witnesses fell
asleep In his chair in front of the stage,
in full view of every one. He woke
with a start when Major Lauth uiiex
pectedly raised his voice.
WITNESSES TELL OF
THE ALLEGED AMOURS
OF THE PRISONER
Dreyfus Replies to His Accusers
and Creates a Better Impres
sion Than Heretofore.
RENNES, Aug. 21.— The third week of
the second trial by court-martial of Al
fred Dreyfus, captain of artillery, on
the charge of treason, began without in
cident at 6:30 this morning. There was a
large attendance at the Lycee at the
opening of the court, in view of the pos
sible appearance of Maitre Labor!, leading
counsel for the. defense. But though ho
is progressing as satisfactorily as possible
his physicians deemed it best for him to
remain quiet. When it became known
that the distinguished lawyer would not
participate in the proceedings a largo
number of disappointed persons quitted
the courtroom, leaving perceptible gaps
along the benches.
The court settled down to business
quickly, and by 9 o'clock five witnesses
had appeared at the bar. If this rate is
continued it Is considered the- court will
get through with the ninety-odd witnesses
before the beginning of September, and it
is expected the verdict will be delivered
by September 7.
Generals Roget, De Boisdeffre and Billot
were present, and Colonel Picquart took
a place a couple of rows behind them. The
colonel sat alone until M. Bertullus, the
examining magistrate, whose evidence
was so favorable to Dreyfus, entered and
sat beside Picquart, shaking him warmly
by the hand. All of the witnesses to-day
were hostile to Dreyfus, but as none of
the« evidence was fresh but mostly a reit
eration of old statements, the audience
followed the depositions with compara
tively little Interest, a reference by M.
Gribelln to the relations of Dreyfus with
demimondaines proving the most appe
tizing portion of the morning's proceed
ings. A subdued titter went around the
courtroom when M. Gribelin even pro
fessed to know the. exact amount Dreyfus
spent upon his various amours.
M. Gribelin gave his testimony with an
honest demeanor and apparent sincerity,
but he did not strike one as being particu
larly intelligent. Nothing in his appear
ance would contradict the contention of
the Dreyfusards that he was Major
Lauth's tool in the machinations of the
general staff against Colonel Picquart,
who listened to M. Gribelin with an air
of contemptuous impatience.
M. Demnnge, counsel for the defense,
was more successful than usual in cross
examining him, and visibly disconcerted
M. Gribelin. Counsel scored a distinct hit
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1599.
TRANSPORT SHERMAN'S
JOURNEY ALMOST ENDED
THE pilots and ship captains, are of the opinion that we will have no more fog for several days to come,
yesterday it was so dear the Merchants' Exchange lookout at Point Lobos could see the Farallone.s. Should
the weather be similar when the Sherman arrives she will be posted almost as Boon as she reaches the islands.
To-day the California boys will begin keeping a lookout for the Golden Gate. At noon they should
not be much more than two days' steam away from home, and in consequence everybody on the transport
will be in a fever of expectancy. Nautical Expert McMillan calculates that at noon yesterday the Sherman was
in latitude 40 degrees ;i"> minutes north, longitude 150 degrees 25 minutes west, or about 1268 nautical miles* from
San Francisco.
The crowds which gather in front of the windows of The Call business office on Market street to gaze on
the large fac simile of the above map evince increasing interest as'the transport nears the Golden Gate. "She's
coming down hill now," remarked a spectator yesterday, "and the boys will be with us soon."
when he got M. Gribelin to admit that he i
mixed the intrigues of Dv Paty de Clam I
and Henry to shield Ksterhazy. and when
M. Gribelin was finally disposed of his |
evidence had suffered badly.
Dreyfus created a better impression to- I
day. He entered the courtroom with a
more confident bearing and replied to the i
witnesses in a calm voice without any j
theatrical gestures, and his remarks were
put so lucidly that he appeared to make !
an impression on the Judges, all of whom
are reputed to be bitterly opposed to him.
The session wound up with a scene, on
account of the extraordinary conduct >f
Colonel Jouaust, president of the court.
who permitted himself to make an un- \
warrantable display of partiality. M. j
Pertullus had been confronted with the
last witness, Captain Junck. and General j
Gonse had defended the latter when Colo
nel Pic-juart asked to be allowed to refute
some of Junck's remarks. Colonel Jouaust
made a gesture of impatience and shout
ed: "What! Again?"
An outburst .of booing and hissing came
from the audience at such a display of un
fairness. Judges and gendarmes quickly ;
suppressed the noise, but Colonel .Touanst
understood the well-merited rebuke ad- j
ministered to him. turned red and ad
journed the court ten minutes later. Fol- j
lowing is the evidence in detail:
Genera] Fabre. former chief of the !
fourth bureau of the general staff, was
the firs' witness. He said that In his ofli
clal capacity he compared the writing of
the bordereau with the writing of various j
officers in his bureau, including the writ- I
Ing of a probationer who had been in the
bureau during the previous '.ear and who ,
had not favorably impressed his com- |
rades.
This probationer. Dreyfus, who was re- i
carded as untrustworthy and insincere in i
his pretensions, was. according to the i
witness, equally disliked by his comrades
and superiors. He was constantly en
deavorme by all sorts of mi ana to learn i
AUSTRIAN GOES
TO DREYFUS' AID
PARIS. Aug. 21.— A dispatch from Ems says t: at Colonel Schneider,
the Austrian military attache at Paris, whose alleged letter incriminat
ing Dreyfus has been one of the principal weapons <>f the prosecution,
has started for Paris with the intention of instituting proceedings for
forgery and the employment of forged documents against those respon
sible for the authorship of the letter, which he distinctly repudiated^
LONDON. Aug. 22. — The Rome correspondent of the Daily News
says: "1 am in a position to assert positively that both Germany and
Italy have documents capable of proving that the French general staff
has been victimized by swindling spies, employing forged and worthless
documents, and that Captain Dreyfus was in no way connected with the
fraud."
ROME, Aug. 21.— A prominent Italian politician, according to the
I>on Chlscotte Delia Mancia, has in his possession one of the most im
portant documents referred to in the bordereau in the Dreyfus case, and
the handwriting of the document is unquestionably not that of Captain
Dreyfus.
the Becrets of the plan of concentration
of the Eastern Railway system, ;md in his
anxiety to secure Information neglected
his duties. His official duties, witness also
said placed it in Dreyfus' power to dis
close the documents referred u> in the
bordereau. Witness could emphatically
deny all Dreyfus bad Bald on tins subject.
When Major Bertin showed witness the
bordereau the latter was struck with the
rcsemblanc ! the calligraphy, Dreyfus
was the only officer who made a had im
pression In his bureau, and the opinions of
the chief of staff and heads of other d< -
partments confirmed witness' belief. Gen
eral Fabre In conclusion, declared he was
still as (Irmly convinced as in lsO4 that
the prisoner 'was the author of the bor- j
dereau.
After M. Demange had pointed out the ;
i discrepancy In Fabre's statements and
1 thog.- he voiced in ISM Colonel Jouautft
invited Dreyfus to reply. Th" prisoner
said General Kabre cmlte correctly de- i
i scribed the work on which he was en- ;
raged when a probationer, especially em
phasizing that lie hod to keep the dossier
relating to the concentration ot the cen
ters on the Eastern system posted up.
Thii was not a fictitious task, me pris
oner's reply was made in calm, measured
tones, and his frankness seemed to favor
ably impress the Judges.
Colonel d'Aboville. former deputy chief
Of the Fourth Bureau, related how Fabre
had shown him a photograph of an
anonymous note in which the writer In
timated to his correspondent, "evidently
foreign to the army." that he had confi
dential documents to communicate. Th<? ,
witness told Fabre that the documents
i mentioned showed the writer could only ;
I be an artillery officer belonging to the '
general staff who participated in the j
expeditions of the headquarters staff in
June and July, 1894. The position of Drey- ;
fus corresponded with those conditions,
and "to their great surprise" a striking
resemblance was apparent In the writings
of Dreyfus and the anonymous Letter.
Witness further declared that only a pro- .
liationer could possess the information
mentioned in the bordereau. It was not
only because of the resemblance of the
handwriting tfat suspicions were directed
at Dreyfus, but because he was in a posi
i Uon to be acquainted with the documents
. numerated.
M Demange wished to know why Col
' one.l d'Aboville said that in 1894, in order i
. t.i discover the author of the bordereau,
he thought it necessary to investigate the j
officers who participated In the expedi- j
tioiis of the general staff that year.
Witness replied that he was Induced to
do so by tho expression in the bordereau.
"I am going to the maneuvers." for he [
i considered the expedition of tho general
staff equivalent to the maneuvers, al
■ though troops were not actually present.
Counsel pointed out that a great deal of
1 argument wns founded on the expression.
"I am going to the maneuvers." Witness '
said it should not be forgotten that in 1894 I
! the expression was understood to apply to
the expedition of the headquarters staff, j
In reply to the usual question, Dreyfus
1 said that he never had held any conver
sation with General Sandherr. the late i
chief of the intelligence department, who
was so little acquainted with him that;
he once addressed him by another name. |
Greater Interest in the proceedings was!
i manifested when the name of the next
witness was announced, former Chief of :
' the Detective Department Cochefort. who .
i was present when Dreyfus underwent the
dictation test in Paty de Clam's office.
M. Ccchefort declared he knew abso- |
lutely nothing of the Dreyfus case when j
the Minister of "War. General Mercier,
summoned him to confer with him on the
subject of the bordereau and the suspi- j
clnns in regard to Dreyfus. General Mer
cler, Cochefort continued, asked his ad
vice as to the procedure which ought
to be followed and introduced him to Dv
Paty de Clam. Subsequently, after M.
Bertillon's report, the arrest of Dreyfus
was decided upon. ,
The witness proceeded to describe the
arrest and the famous scene of the dicta
tion test, saying that from the first re
mark dropped by Dv Paty de Clam the
prisoner displayed evident uneasiness.
Then the ex-Chief of Detectives said: "Dv
Paty.de Clam, placing his. hand on the
prisoner's shoulder, said:
"Captain Dreyfus, in the name of the
Minister of War I arrest you."
At the time of the examination of Drey
fus witness pained the impression that
he might be guilty, and so reported when
the Minister of War asked his opinion.
During this formal examination, Coche
fort added. Dreyfus protested his inno
cence very violently, and declared that he
did not know what they wanted or of
what he was accused. Witness afterward
sealed up the papers 'De Clam seized at
Dreyfus' residence.
Replying to the court. Cochefort said
that since his appearance on the scene he
had nothing to do with the Dreyfus af
fair which was In the hands of the mili
tary authorities. He had not then seen
the. writing of the bordereau, otherwise
his impression might have been modified.
During the course of his reply witness
mentioned Estcrhazy, but his remark was
inaudible.
After the remarks of Demange. Colonel
Jouauat invited Dreyfus to speak. The
prisoner replied:
"No; I will reply when De Clam is
here."
M. Gribelln. the principal archivist of
the headquarters staff, was the next wit
ness. He t» stifled with great volubility
and expressed the opinion that when
Dreyfus was arrested in 1*94 he was en
acting a role by systematically denying
all the charges against him. even the
most obvious* and least important things,
and in declaring himself ignorant of mat
ters which should have been known to
every officer of the general staff. Wit
nesa said ho was cognisant <>f Dreyfus'
relations with loose women, in support
df this assertion It- mentioned an alleged
voluntary statement made by Mathieu
Dreyfus." brother of the prisoner, in the
witness' presence, that he had been
obliged t<i pull his brother frum the
clutches of a woman of this description
living near the champs Elyseea.
M Gribelin recapitulated the discovery
of the leakage at military headquarters,
the arrival nf the bordereau, etc.. and
dwell on the system of espionage con
ducted under cover of diplomatic im
munity, by Agents A. B and C.
Colonel Jouaust— When was the bor
d( reau received at the Intelligence De
partment ?
M Gribelin The bordereau arrived at
1 In th< morning September. 1^94. After
examining it we did not hesitate to at
tribute It to an officer of the headquarters
Colonel Jouaust When was It submit
ted to Colonel Sandherr?
M. Gribelin-Why. the very first day.
The witness added: "As the bordereau
arrived through the ordinary channels, or
what at any raW was regarded as such,
no doubt was entertained as to its authen
ticity."
Replying to further questions, M. Grib
elin positively asserted that Ksternuzy
never came "to the Intelligence Depart
ment. In regard to the dictation tost the
Witness recalled Dreyfus' reply to Dv
Paty de clam when the latter pointed
out that his hands were shaking, name
ly, "my fingers were cold."
A me"mbor of the court-martial referred
to M. Gribelin's statements concerning
the use Colonel Picquart made of the
secret service funds and the witness ad
mitted the truth of Picquarts evidence
that surveillance of Esterhazy cost but
little.
Questioned as to alleged indiscretion of
Colonel Picquart In showing Maitre Le
Blois the secret dossier, witness admitted
that when be saw M. I.c Blois In Pic
quart's office in the autumn of 1596, while
the secret dossier of the carrier pigeon
Bervice was lying on Picquarfs table,
they had not been removed from the en
velopes. The envelopes, he explained,
wn open, but he admitted that that was
customary.
When quest ioned concerning the "lib
erateur" document Gribelin admitted he
still wondered how it came into Ester
hasy's hands, and could not understand
why Esterhazy was not arrested when he
brought the document to the Ministry of
War.
Colonel Jouaust. the other judges, and
M. Demange closely questioned M. Grlbe
lin on various points, and replying the
Witness imparted some information re
garding the petit bleu and the circum
stances tinder which the secret dossier
was communicated to Pi.-quart.
Replying to M. Demange. M. Grihelin
admitted having mixed up Dv Paty de
Clam's and Henry's intrigues in favor (if
Esterhazy. The admission created a sen
sation
It was by order of Colonel Henry, wit
ness added, he i Gribelin) put on spec
tacles and went to the Rue de Doui to
hand Lsterhazy a letter, to which the
latter was to "reply "yes" or "no." It
was also Colonel Henry who ordered v.it
ness to accompany Dv Paty de Clam to
Mount Souris Park at the time De Clam
masquerr led under a false beard. Wit
ness t lie ght it would have been much
simpler ;o have summoned Esterhazy to
the Ml.stiy of War, (specially as it was
knowr Ma'hieu Dreyfus was about to
public denounce him.
M. ' >emangH suggested that the de
nuncif tion of Mathiru Dreyfus could not
well 1 aye been foreseen when these "ro
manr c interviews with Esterhazy were
occurring, considering Mathieu himself
had not contemplated a denunciation."
M. Oribelin replied that at any rate It
was known that measures were in pro
gress against Esterhazy.
M. Demange— Why. then, since it was a
question of saving him. were fab-p beards
and blue spectacles resorted to.
M. Grlbelln— You had bettor ;tsk Paty
do flam when hie comes in. (Laughter.)
Do not imagine It amused me. (Renewed
laughter.)
Replying to further questions'. M. Grihe
lin denied that he had ever opened a let
ter addressed to Piequart.
Counsel then wanted to know why the
letter signed "Speranza" was not sent
to Picquart, since all his letters were
: opened at the Ministry of War.
M. Gribelin— A r, I never opened a letter
; addressed to Colonel Piequart. I do not
know why.
Colonel Piequart asked permission to
I question witness. /
"When I left the Ministry of War."
said Piequart. "1 asked M. Gribelin to
forward my letters to the addresses he
knew. Since the letter signed 'Speranza'
was not sent me. I must ask M. Gribelin
if he did not receive instructions from his
Chiefs to intercept it."
M. Grlebelin— No, 1 never had such an
order.
Pioquart. after protesting against the
manner in which his correspondence was
tampered with, expressed surprise that
the question oj the employment of secret
service money should lie constantly mixed
up with the Dreyfus case with which, he
added, it had nothing whatever to do.
He also denied he had given M. Le Blois
the slightest information regarding the
secret dossier find said the only document
of the dossier revealed, and that was not
by himself, was the "eette canaille D— "
document, which had been utilized by the
enemies of Dreyfus. There was also the
"liberateur" document, which was deliv
ered to Esterhazy, who used it to levy
the most shameful blackmail on the Gov
ernment.
Colonel Lauth followed. Tie traversed
the ground covered by his evidence be
fore the Criminal Division of the Court
of Cassation in regard to the circum
stances und^r which Henry communicat
ed the bordereau. He said th.it when the
bordereau reached the lntellegence De
partment Henry was absolutely the only
officer who knew the agent who furnished
it and was the only officer known to the
agent. Henry, he explained, had appoint
ments with the foreign spy in question
only at S or 0 o'clock at night at the va
rious places. So it was impossible for
Henry to hand the papers received to
Colonel Sandherr the same evening.
Therefore he took them home and
brought them back to the office in the
morning. Very often these appointments
were kept on Saturday, and Major Lauth
believed the packet containing the bor
dereau was handed to Henry Saturday,
September 22, and was taken to the office
September 24.
"One morning." said Lauth. "it may
have been September 24. or another date.
though It cannot matter much, I arrived
at the office and was about to enter the
room in which I actually work, when Col
onel Henry, who was walking in the cor
ridor, eajled to me and took me into his
room. Captain Mather arrived simulta
neously. We had scarcely entered when
Colonel Henry showed the packet re
celved, and exhibiting some pieces be had
pasted together, said: "It is frightful.
Just see what I have found in this
packet.'
"We walked to a window and all three
began to read the contents of a paper,
which was none other than the bordereau.
We discussed who could be the author.
"I must add that M. Gribelin entered
the room and was informed regarding the
document. At the same time the bor
dereau was only shown to Colonel Sand
herr half or three-quarters of an hour
later, whin he arrived."
Next discussing the petit bleu. Major
Lauth said it reached Colonel Piequart
Inclosed in a packet, early in March. In
cidentally the witness mentioned the mis
sion to Nancy, on which Henry went, and
said that while he was absent his wife
came to the Intelligence Department to
ask for his whereabouts, as she knew
nothing of his departure.
"It was the same with all officers of the
department." Said Lauth. "Our famil
ies never knew where we were going
when we were sent on a mission, and it
was through the department that they
corresponded with us. That proves that
things were not conducted in the Fourth
Bureau as alleged by Colonel Piequart.
and the officers were not so negligent and
careless as he has asserted. "
Witness maintained this also disposed
of Piequart's assertion that Henry was in
the habit of working at home in the pres
ence of servants. As a matter of fact,
he added, the officers were very reserved
before their families. Continuing, wit
ness proceeded to speak of Picquart's
orders to destroy all evidence of the petit
bleu having been torn, and to determine
the office of origin by affixing a postmark.
"The spy Cuers," said Lauth. "entered
into relations with the Ministry of War
with the avowed purpose, of revenging
himself on his Government. He refused
to accept payment beyond his fare to
Basle. Cuers was evidently an agent
provocateur, who had been sent to us.
But we were never able to get anything
of the slightest value from him. It was
said," saia Lauth. "that we bullied him
to prevent him from speaking. I wish the
person who made the statement to come
here and repeat It. The truth is we bul
lied him. not to prevent his speaking, but
because he refused to say anything which
was not known, and that means the same
thing." (Laughter.)
Major Lauth's extremely long deposi
tion was listened to in profound silence.
He protested at Picquarfs allegations
against him in the course of the Taver
lifer inquiry, when Piequart represented
Lauth as tlie instigator and perhaps, also,
the writer of the Henry forgery.
"I declare." said Lauth. "that if by in
spiring or writing it I had a share in any
way whatever in the perpetration of tne
Henry forgery I should have avowed It
the day Henry committed suicide. I am
not even now afraid of the razor nor the
rope of Le Mereier-Picquart. nor even of
a broken glass omelette."
After controverting further statements
of Piequart. Major Lauth. in conclusion,
declared that "Henry, who knew nobody
on the newspapers." held quite aloof from
the "press campaign organized in re
sponse to the action taken by the friends
of Dreyfus."
Aft t a short adjournment the court re
assembled and the Judges questioned Ma
jor Lauth. They asked his opinion of the
Schneider letter of November 30. ]Sft7. Wit
ness replied that it was authentic, and
emanated from Agent Pierre. Replying to
M. Demange, witness said he never saw
the photograph certain newspapers as
serted he took, representing Piequart ajid
Schwarzkoppen strolling arm in arm at
Carlsbad.
"I suppose It was I who took it," the
witness added ironically.
M. Demnnge— l do not accuse you. i
At the instance of M. Demange Colonel
Piequart again described the alterations
of the petit bleu and declared that the
last time he saw it, the day before he
started on his mission, the petit bleu was
still in the same condition as when Major
Laiith handed it to him in November,
1897. When Piequart saw it In the posses-
Finn of General Pellieux. former Minister
of War it seemed to him that the hanci
wrUing had been somewhat modified, and
at the Tavernier Inquiry he noticed that
alterations of quite a serious character
had been made. Ruled lines had been
erased. Moreover, experiments showed
|he address had been written in ink made
l>f gall nuts, while a superimposed vvord
was written in ink made of •ofwood.
Replying to the president of the court.
Major Lauth said that when he photo
graphed the petit bleu he -did not notice
any sign of erasure. Picquart said the
plate taken by Major Lauth bore no
traces of erasure. The photograph alone
hau been tampered with. „„„,*
Colonel Jeuaust-Was there an expert
examination? • „,,,_.' j_
Picquart-Yes: It was a searching in
quiry. Besides, the dossier in the Tav
ernier inquiry can lip referred to. a ,A he
Captain Junck followed. He said i he
was a probationer simultaneously with
Dreyfus, but in another . department of
the War Office. He saw the Prisons a
great deal, and held conversations in
which he alleged Dreyfus spoke of great
sums he had lost in gambling and inter
course with loose women. proceeded,
"One we " the visiting the proceeded.
"whe n n we were visiting the Concours
Hlpplque we met three immoral women
who bowed to us. Dreyfus returned their
greeting, and I said to him. ' ell. for a
married man you have nice, acquaint
ances. 1 He replied that they were old
friends of his bachelorhood, and, pointing
to one of them, said her name was \al
tesse, and that she had a house on the
Champs Elysees, where she gave nice par
ties, where pretty women were to be met
and where there was much gamultng.
Dreyfus also lasted of hie ; large means,
and .spoke with great re ish of his. com- .
fortable house and travels.
The witness continuing said that Drey - (
fus was well acquainted with the scheme
for the concentration of troops and could
trace It on any map, as most of the otner
probationers could. ' ' ■ . -
Witness then detailed the work of the
different bureaus, . and proceeded to a?
monstrate that the Probationers were cog
nizant of the plans for the transporta
tion and concentration of the troops and
how Dreyfus was ordered 0 draw a re
port on the German artillery, comparing
it with the French artillery, having ac
cess to all the necessary documents.
In regard to the Madagascar note Drey
fus, Junck claimed, told the witness
that his cousin had procured him inter
esting information. Captain Junck then
spoke of the efforts of Dreyfus to secure ;
the firing manual, and discussed the the
ory that Henry might have divulged the
documents in the bordereau, bucti a sup
position, the captain declared, was ut- |
terly impossible.  . ',„■„„
Captain Junck proceeded, and his ac
count of what occurred on that occasion
was punctured ■ with laughter from the
audience. M. Demanse asked Captain j
Junck why he ■ had not given the court ,
of Cassation information of the. character
which he adduced to-day as proof against
Dreyfus and why he had told the Court or
Cassation he had seen nothing in the con
duct of Dreyfus to lead to the belief that
be was a traitor. This somewhat con
fused the captain, who replied j that ho
had not thought of it, but added that he ,
adhered to to-day's statement about the
character of the prisoner. Dreyfus again !
being asked the usual question, replied: i
"I will not speak to the witness of private ;
confidences he has made to me. If Cap
tain Junck's ideas of honor allow him to ;
divulge nriv ate conversation mine do not.
I have clean hands and I wipe them clean.
Colonel Picquart.jumped to his feet.
Colonel Jouaust— What, again?
Colonel Picquart insisted, and referring
to the petit bleu in order to demonstrate
how valueless was Captain Junck's evi
dence, said the court had only to com
pare the captain's evidence with the re
suits of the Ravary. Fabre and Tavernier j
inquiries to see the contradictions be
tween him and Major I,auth. The court,
he added, then would see th* utter valus
lessness of Captain Junck's statements.
(Sensation.)
The court then adjourned.
LABORI IN COURT.
Victim of Assassins Warmly Wel
comed by Spectators.
RKXN'GS. Aug. 22.— The second day of
the third week of the second trial by
court-martial of Captain Alfred Dreyfus
on the charge of treason began at 6:' M
o'clock this morning. Maitre Labori was
present. He drove to the court In a car
riage and entered the hall at 6:30 o'clock.
The audience greeted him by standing up
ami by a gonreal clapping of hanOs.
Maitre .Labori walked quite briskly, but
holding his left arm close to his side in
order not to disturb his wound. He nvt
General Mercier and General Billot in the
middle of the courtroom, stopped, chatted
and Bmlled. I.abori looked very well. He
was given a cushioned armchair. Mme.
Labori. looking well, was also in court.
Labori was warmly congratulated by
friends.
Captain Dreyfus on entering smilingly
shook hands with Labori. Colonel Jouaust
addressed a few words of congratulation
to Labori and expressed the profound in
dignation of the tribunal at the attempt
to assassinate the counsel. Labori was
much moved and thanked ColonelJouauat
in an eloiiuet speech.
GUERIN ATTACKED.
Detachmer)t of Infantry Begins an
Assault on His House.
LONDON. Aug. 22.— The Daily Chronicle
publishes the following from its Paris
correspondent: A dr-tachment of infantry
has just commenced an attack upon M.
Guerin's house, which is ltkesy to lead to
bloodshed before morning. Nobody is al
lowed to approach the scene and the oav
alry charges are needlessly brutal..
Application for a Receiver.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21.— 1n the United
States court this morning a suit was filed
against the San Joaquin Electric Com
pany, which has interests at Fresno, by
the Mercantile Trust Company of Now
York. In 1595 the electric company issued
JNOO.OOO worth of bonds, $550,000 worth of
which were sold. The interest falling clue
in January, 1899, was $16,650. which still
remains unpaid, together with the inter
est due in July last. The Mercantile Com
pany asks that a receiver be appointed
and a restraining order issued preventing
the company from disposing of- any of its
property.
— ~— —^— — — — —— ■— — — ■—^ ;
Wieland's
Extra Pale
is a pure saccharine
brew in which impuri-
ties cannot breed and
multiply— it is bottled
cleanliness. Is fer-
mented for months in
cold storage — cannot
ferment in the stom-
ach—never causes biI-
IIOUSnCSS. Quarts, pints, half pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Co.
J407-17 EdJy St.
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleet*. Strictures
and analogous complaints of the ' Organs of
Generation.
Price n a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wilt's Mian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona
who have used them for forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid Uw, Weak Stomach. Plm
pies and purify the blood
MISCELLANEOUS.
Nasal Catarrh,
Asthma, Bronchitis
And Consumption.
SPEEDY RELIEF AND RADICAL CURE.
Speedy and radical cure of NASAL. CA-
TARRH, THROAT DISEASES. BRON-
CHITIS AND AFFECTIONS OF THE
•LUNGS, and all complaints that lead to
CONSUMPTION
BY DR. ABORN,
554 SUTTER STREET.
CURED AFTER FORTY YEARS.
David Barnett. flged Seventy-eight Years,
Is Cured of Catarrh, Which He Says
Has Troubled Him for Forty Years.
This is but another convincing proof
that Catarrh in the Head can be cured by
the Modern Scientific Method as originally
adopted by Dr. Aborn.
TO THE PUBLIC— For the benefit of the
afflicted I wish to state that I had bee
affected with Catarrh of the Head for
about forty years, and after two months
of successful treatment with Dr. Aborn
am perfectly free of the distressing mal-
ady. I believe he can cure any case of
Chronic Catarrh of the Head. I am now
78 years of age. Truly, ym EARXETT .
* DAVID BARNETT.
DR. ABORN,
554 SUTTER ST.
Hours— to to 1 2 a. m. ; 2to 4— 7 to 8.
— iP^jSJl^ I do not believe there
fiSjMzSJEg^ is a case of dyspep-
jE^SSlw&QsZSS sia. indigestion or
j||a^ 3Hlß *qlBb any stomach trouble
Bw .jfww *^ at cannot be re-
*» „■■ V^yy lieved at once and
fw &i$ c *snSisr permanently cured
'V J&W by my .DYSPEPSIA
Vlj^JjjllgL At all drusrpists,
VgJ^&hZpLEsMg^k 25c. a vial. Guide
1 '$r|^*"P'^TPf to Health and medi-
'\ 1 re al advice free. 1505
• . Arch street, Phila.
/3*v mr%^ II I D ■ end Morphine Habits
KM ill B a 111 cured at home. 'Writ*
' § . lill for full particular!
I 1 I* 111 I II I INDIAN 0 OPiUM ' CURE,
' ■ II IVI INDIAN OPIUM CURE,
VI I V 111 B. D. KIMMIB. 201 Turk
St., San Francisoo.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
|^ Steamers ■ leave Broadway
KjE^— ' wharf. Pan FFanctero.
' 53™HJV or Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.,
1 t*^^3»^ August 19. 24, 2a. September 3.
I EEiBEnXs ohn'nßp nt Seattle.
MbSSR^AI For Victoria. Vancouver (D.
( S^Bu^fly C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
(■^^^^HHl Taooma. Everett, Anacortes
, and New 'U'hatcom (Wash.>.
10 a. m. August 19, 21. 2?.
September 3, and every fifth day thereafter;
change at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. S. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.:
at Vancouver to C. P. .Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldtßay), 2 p. m.. August
17. 22. 27, September I, and every • fifth day
thereafter. •-
For Santa Cruz.- Monterey,- San . "Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis' Oblspo).
Oavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme.
Pan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m., August 20, 24. 28, September
1, and every fourth day. thereafter:
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohlspo). .Santa Barbara', Port
Los Anpeles and Redondo (Los AnKeles)..: \V a.
m., August 18, 22. 26. 30; September' 3. -and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalenaßay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.", 7th of each
menth. ■').'■-"-
For further Information obtain folder.'
The company reserves the right to chance
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar"l h'wir" of eiilinr . .
TICKET OFFICB— 4 . New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). :..•,...
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
in Market st.. San Francisco.
THE S. R. & N. CO.
©XBPATCH PAST 6TEAMERB 1t»
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF * 12 FirBt Class Including Bert*
rani. $8 Second Class and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
- Aug. 26. Sept. 5
COLUMBIA sails... ..Aug. 21. 31; Sent. ID'
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte
Helena and all Dolnts in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East '• ■
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New Tork. ...August 23 New York .Sept IS
St. Louis August SO St. Louie ......Sept 20
St. Paul.. September 6. St. Paul... September 27
RED STAR LINE. .:
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon. '
Noorland Aug. 231 Westernland ...Sept. IS
Frlesland Aug. 3" Kensington -....Sept. 20
South Sept. 6 Nordland ......Sept. 27
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For Full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYOTISEN KAISfII
STEAMERS WIL\ LEAVE WHARF.. COR-
ner First and B'annan street; 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with • steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. ■ .
AMERICA MARX' .Friday, October (I
HONGKONG M^RU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MART ...:.. -...Tuesday; September II
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office
421 Market St.. .-or. First. • ■
V. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
fMPIIBiIA The S. S. Australia.-
jftflMWH.' for Honolulu
w J* r """"^ r Wednesday. August 23.
i^T^ as - s'. "Alameda sails
iHfflSnlDe) via ' Honolulu and
QIWIIIIJIIiy Auckland for Bydney
lOlllF)?il/U-' September
vyiiiwuiicp fi , at 1? p m
Favorite Une Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, yew Zealand. Australia, India. Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
I. 0. SrMt'CKtLS & BKOS.CO., Agts.. Montgomery
Pier 7, Fwt Pacific St. Freight Olllce. 327 Market St
COMPiONIE QENERALE TRANBATLANTIQUE.
DIRErf LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. : j. Ca .
Palling' every Saturday at 10 a. m. <2y£fl>
from 'ier 42. North River, foot of »?*S"f«e3*
Morton ft. LA NORMANDIE, August 26; LA
TOUrAINE. Sept. 2; LA CHAMPAGNE, Sept.
9; LA GASCOGXE. Sept. 16: LA BRETAGNE.
SepL/ 23. First-class to Havre. $65 and up-
wan'. 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
i; NIT ED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
wa' (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
G,'ZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery aye..' San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
/ Steamer "Montlcello."
1 MON.. Tups.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 945
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night) Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. i
P. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. J. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE .",.. 500HANNA-PAYNE
BILL IS NOT
EXTRAVAGANT
Opinion of Commissioner
of Navigation Cham
berlain.
COMPARISONS MADE
Only a Fair Inducement to Owners
to Obtain American Registry
for Their Vessels.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON.
Aug. 21. — Commissioner of Navigation
chamberlain has made some interest
ing comparisons of: the amounts that
would be paid in subsidies tc American
ships if the Hanna-Payne bili should
become a law, with the amounts paid
by foreign governments to encourage
shipping under their flags. In th i state
ment which he has prepared he combats
the idea that the. rates proposed by the
Han na- Payne, bill are. unreasonable. He
says some' of the recent criticisms of
the Hanna-Payne bill : convey the im
pression that the compensation it pro
vides for steamships is wholly unrea
sonable. .
'".On the general principle of the bill," |
says-Mr. Chamberlain, "differences of j
opinion are to be expected, but its de- !
tails are not, I believe, subject criti- j
cism on the score <•'. -extravagance, at i
least when compared with the support |
foreign governments offer to their mail j
steamships. The' bill gives a uniform j
rate of compensation to all vessels (sail •
or steam)^-virtually 1. cent per gross
ton for each 100 nautical r miles trav
ersed, to offset the increased cost of]
construction and operation in the
United States. The bill also gives vir- j
tually 1 cent per tun per 100 miles, spe- J
oiai allowances being made for steam- j
ships of over 1500- gross tons and of 14 j
knots speed or upward. :
"About 80 per cent of seagoing screw ;
steamships in the world which comply
with the requirements named as to size j
and speed now receive and for some i
years have' received assistance in some j
form fr<-:n the various governments |
whose (lags they respectively fly. The
■ proposition, so far from being unwar- :
ranted, is merely in compliance with the j
ordinary maritime custom of years. It ]
seems strange only to those who have '
not l«Mked atthe. facts.
"Large British mail, contracts are |
awarded in lump sums, but I have
taken pains to ascertain the steamships j
by which they are performed, their
size, speed, number of voyages and dis
tahces traversed during a year. ■; ■ .
•"With this data.it is easy to ascertain •
the additional rates named which simi- I
■ lar vessels would be entitled to under ;
the • Hanna-Payne bill. Viewed an- :
other way, this comparison will show !
what foreign governments pay to cer- |
tain steamships, and what American ,
■ steamships' of preets.ely the same size,
and speed running parallel t,o them
■ throughout a year would receive."
. Mr. Chamberlain's table is as fol
lows:
_ : : _ — . i
"The bill thus proposes to offset the
$3,778,982 awarded under British con
tracts with (3,488,834 awarded under
American contracts. The proposition is
ctravagant, nor does it mean a pot
>ney for the owners of fast Ameri
ships. Were it not for two
b, viz., that Americans will obtain
advai ■ operating slow cargo
- in conjunction with., mail steam
ships, and that our Pacific intercourse
■with Asia is not subject u> Suez canal
the bill would probably fail to ac
< umpllsb iip put pose.
Any method of comparing facts with
which I am familiar will show that
such advantages as the Hanna-Payne
bill gi\>-s to American shipping are as
much to the benefit of cargo vessels
tnships, in spite of higher
rates given to the latter class, which
have been con puted on the basis of ef
forts by other nations to maintain fast
•i mail line?."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mf ill ' I I .■■■a I I A Disgusted
///If I \\'4 3 Woman.
/'//' I P^&L*'2-—^ II l sn ' 1 any
'fjr / ry^MC^^r won( cr that
y '. I V,J J&Si s^* some .women
/ Jy iT^afc^ get disgusted
■ft VV^bw with medicine .
If |-\\* f^^" nd lose faith in
■O rSf-\ 'vi^il the doctors. j
* >Sriv3&. »-{*)' When a woman
complains of feeling weak, nervous and
despondent, and suffers from headaches, j
pains in the back and stit;hes in the sides j
and burning, dragging-down- sensations, i
the average physician will attribute these j
feelings to h<«rt. stomach cr liver trouble. I
For years, possibly, she takes their | pre- j
scriptions for these ailments without „ re-
ceiving any benefit, then, in final disgifst, !
she throws away drugs, and hopelessly lets I
matters take their course. A woman who
suffers" in this way is almost invariably a
sufferer fVom weakness and disease of the j
distinctly feminine organism. There is an
unfailing and inexpensive cure for i all
troubles of this description. \lt . is- Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription. It acts di-
rectly on the delicate organs concerned,
making them well and strong. It heals all
internal ulceration and stops debilitating
drains. It takes the pressure off the nerve?
and makes them strong and steady.' Under
its marvelous merits thousands of women
have been made healthy, happy and. robust
The "Favorite Prescription" resto^sweak,
nervous, pain - racked women ana makes
strong, healthy, capable wives and moth-
ers. With its use all pain and suffering
disappear. All good medicine store's 1 sell
It and have nothing else "just as good."
Constipation and torpid liver will make
the most ambitious man or woman utterly
good for nothing. Dr. Pierces Pleasant'
Pellets cure them. One little "Pellet "is
a gentle laxative and two a mild cathartic.
Dr. Pierces 1000-page illustrated book,
"People's Medical Adviser" sent, paper*
bound, free for the cost of mailing only, 21' i
one-cent stamps; or, cloth-bound 31 stamps.)
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y. , (
HORRORS OF
THE HURRICANE
ARE CROWING
! Many Cities in Porto Rico
Have Been Almost Com
pletely Devastated.
ALABMINGSTATISTICS
Reports Show That 1973 Were
, Killed and 1000 Persons
Are Missing.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS»9, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, Aug. 21.—
i The Board of Charity is sending out
i supplies by land and water daily, but
! petitions keep coming in from all over
; the country, demanding food, mcdi
; cines and money. There are no means
; of raising funds in the different locali
j ties. At. Maunabo an effort was made
; tc start a popular subscription, but only
| ten pesos was contributed. In conse-
I (juehce of the putrefaction of bo-dies
! typhus fever has developed at Arroyo.
j Captains of coastwise vessels complain
that bad odors at various ports have
caused them mere suffering than the
hurricane.
Reports of the Board of Health up to
last Friday give the number of killed as
1973, missing ' 1000, houses destroyed
121. parsons homeless 22,046. cities in
need of physicians, drugs and hospi
talsCaguasa, Yabucoa, Maunabo,
Utuado, Coamo and Cc-rorzal. Advices
from Ponce state, that there has been
slight rioting at Yauco, but that it has
been easily quelled by the local guards.
The local authorities are running short
of money with which to pay workmen.
There are no reports c-f fever as yet
from the south side of the island. Au
thorities are making strenuous efforts
to relieve country districts, where great
distress is reported.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 21.— auxil
iary cruiser Panther, which has been
loading at Philadelphia with supplies
for the destitute in Porto Rico, has
been ordered to proceed direct to San
Juan without stopping at Baltimore, as
was intended. The Wai Department
will send the transport Wright to Bal
timore to receive the relief supplies con
tributed by the people of the State of
Maryland, and transport them to Porto
Rico. The Wright will sail from New
York on September 1. She can carry
about 400 tons.
CREW OF COLUMBIA
DEMAND HIGHER WAGES
Desert the Vessel at Tacoma and En
gage the Services of an At
torney.
TACOMA. Aug. —The crew of the
American ship Columbia of San Francisco
to-day walked aft and demanded of Cap
tain Nelson that ' they be paid coastwise
wages for the voyage from Tacoma to ;
San Francisco. They signed articles in
San Francisco for a voyage to Vladivo
stok and return via Puget Sound and way
ports. The sailors now claim that they
were given to understand by the- United
States Shipping Commissioner at ■ San
Francisco that they would be given regu
lar coasting wages on the voyage which
was to ensue after the Columbia's arriv
ing at Taooma from Vladivostok and
thence departing for San Francisco. The
articles in no wise mention any such :
agreement, and Captain Nelson refuses to i
accede to the men's demands. The sailors
thereupon left the ship, and going up !
town engaged the services of an attorney
to prosecute their case.
According to the spokesman for the men
their demand rests on the following state
ment: "When we signed at San Francis
co the United States Shipping Commis
sioner read the articles to us. He stated
that we were to be paid coastwise wages
after reaching Puget Sound and again
making sail for another port on the Pa
cific Coast, which, of course, would be
San Francisco."
"Why was not this proviso Incorporated ;
in the "articles," was asked.
"Well, we don't know," replied the ;
spokesman. "If you can't believe what a
Shipping Commissioner says, who Is a'
sailor to believe?"
Captain Nelson states that the sailors' i
demand is out of all reason; that the men
shipped for Vladivostok, returning to San '
Francisco or any port on the Pacific. ,
The sailors are getting $20 per month, '
while the coasting wages are $35. The I
Columbia is loading coal.
• ■
CROPS DESTROYED IN
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA
Ice Has Formed in Many Places and
Farmers Will Suffer From
the Cold Wave.
REDDING, Aug. 2L— The exceptionally
cool summer that Northern California
hits been favored with this year has
brought disaster to th<» mountain districts
of this county and has practically made
b dean sweep of all crops subject to
frost n Modoe County and Southeastern
Orcßon. A groat deal of damage was In
flicted also in Siskiyou, Trinity and Las
gen counties. Reports from Northeastern
Shasta, including the Whitmore. and Flat
wood* country, Burney Valley and Fall
Hiv. r Valley, givi- details of a series of
heavy frosts that destroyed practically
everything subject to destruction by se
vere cold.
Tons of beans and late potatoes and
other garden staples nro past harvesting.
Th.' most damage in this county was sus
tained in Burney and Fall River valleys,
where Ice formed for several nights In
succession. In .Modoc County In the vi
cinity of Alturas everything was killed.
Thf onVy KHnlcns that escaped destruc
tion w< re aloiiK the foothills of Surprise
Valley and Goose Lake. At Alturas ice
formed as thick ms a pane of glass. South
eastern Oregon was also directly in the
track of the cold wave, sustaining an
amount of damage that will be a severe
blow and a great hardship to the farm
ing "lasses. The damage everywhere was
rendered all the .greater because in the
regio.is affected the season is always a
month to six weeks later than in the Sac
ratnento Valley. August has been a phe
nomenal month this yar- cool and de
lightful. On this fact the prediction is
partly based of a severe winter, with
heavy rain and snow and high water. A
hard winter is needed, and the country
generally is better prepared for it than
ever it was.
EASTERN MAN WANTS
BALDWIN HOTEL SITE
Contemplates Erecting a Building \
Larger Than the Palace
Hotel.
LOR ANGELES, Aug. 21.— Milo M. Pot
ter, proprietor of the Van Nuys Hotel
here, stated this morning that be Is nego
tiating with an Eastern man who hns of
fered $1,600,000 for the old Baldwin Hotel !
site In San Francisco. E. J. Baldwin, the I
owner, has not. however, offered the site !
for less than $3,000,000.
Should the gentleman associated with
Mr Potter secure the site, a hotel larger
than the Palace Hotel will be built, and
under the direction of Mr. Potter, be con
ducted on the plan of the Van Nuys here
The estimated cost of furnishings ia $250,
--000.
Olympia Leaves Leghorn.
LEGHORN. Aug. 21.— The Tnlted States
pruiser Olympia sailed from this port to
dkv James M. Smith, the t'nited States
Consul here, came aboard to pay his re-
Bnects to Admiral Dewey Just previous to
the departure of the warship. |
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1899.
OPENING SESSION OF
INSTITUTE CONVENTION
Grand Council Attends Mass in a Body— Many
Candidates for Office Already in
the Field.
INTERIOR OF HOLY CROSS CHURCH.
Showing thr altar and decorations when Bishop Montgomery celebrated the pontifiical high mass before the delegates
to the Grand Council, Young Men's Institute, at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. Aue. 21.— The members
of the Young Men's Institute have
possession of Santa Cruz to-day, and
the red, white and blue bedecked
delegate Is everywhere present.
Large delegations arrived this morning
from Salinas, Castroville, Monterey and
Watsonvllle. and were met at the depot
by the Santa Cruz Council and Hastings'
band. They were escorted to thr Young
Men's Institute hall, where they regis
tered and received their badges.
At half-past 9 o'clock the parade was
formed on Walnut avenue and marched
to Holy Cross Church to attend the pon
tifical high mass, celebrated by Bishop
Montgomery. The center aisles of
had oec-n reserved for the members of the
institute. The church was tastefully dec
orated by Mins Mamie Sweeney. Miss Ada
Peterson and Miss Annie Thompson.
The pontifical mass was celebrated by
Bishop Montgomery, assisted by the Very
Rev. Fr, th«»r Hudson of Gilroy. assistant
priest; Father Mestres of Monterey, dea
con of the mass: Father Murphy of Santa
Cruz, sub-deacon: Father Hassett of
Wataonville, master of ceremonies, and a
number of acolytes.
The music was of a high order, and In
cluded Farmer's "Kyrie. " Mozart's
•"Twelfth Gloria," Millard's "Creoo,"
Farmer's "Sanetus," Farmer's "Benedic
tus." and Weber's "Agnus Dei." The of
fertory ■was by Mrs. Nelts.
The sermon, by Father McNamee, was
very eloccien*. He dealt with the princi
ples of the order. Hi 3 text was 'Thou
shalt love the Ixird thy God with thy
whole heart and thy whole mind, and this
is the great commandment." He said in
part:
"Thase who assemble here are delegates
to the Grand Council of the Young: Men's
Institute, and represent an organization
worthy of our respect. They are here to
take counsel and to find the best means
to promote the general interest of the or
der. They first come to the house of Qod
to Invoke the holy church to bless their
deliberations, and she willingly gives her
hUssing.
"Bishop Montgomery confers a favor
never done before by coming here. I
BATTLE WITH A
TIGER SHARK
Matthew Canavan's Narrow
Escape From Death While
Bathing.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 21.—Ex-Assem
blyman Matthew Canavan, while bath
ing in the waters of the bay near
Townes Point, about three miles north
of San Quentin, was attacked this
afternoon by a tiger shark seven feet
in length and escaped a horrible death
only by displaying rare presence of
mind and diving each time the shark
rushed at him. He reached shore safely
after a harrowing experience and this
svening is receiving the congratulations
af his friends.
Canavan went fishing to-day at
Townes Point in company with John
Palmer, a wealthy veteran of the Civit
War. While Palmer sat on a ledge nf
rock and baited his hooks for fish his
companion proceeded to enjoy <i swim.
He had got about 150 feet from shore
when Palmer sighted a tiger shark and
yelled to Canavan that th*> man-eater
was making for him. Canavan dived
Just in time to avoid the shark's teeth
and made for the shore. He was fol
lowed by the shark and had to dive
several times to evade its rushes. Be
ing an expert swimmer he managed to
reach shore and sank to the ground
exhausted with his efforts.
Baffled in its human prey the shark
afterward swallowed one of Palmer's
hooks and bit the wire snell in two as
nicely as could have been done with a
pair of pincers. Both Palmer and Cana
van describe the shark as being about
seven feet long and spotted like a
leopard* Canavan declares that he is
thankful to be alive and has taken his
last dip in the waters of the bay.
New Fraternity at Stanford.
STANFORD T'XIVHRSITY. Aug. 21.—
Another fraternity has joined the group
-if Greek letter societies Ht Stanford. The
establishment at the university of a ehap
tf-r of the Kappa Sigma Fraternity has
just been made public. Frank Maythem,
■ member of the fraternfty at Cornnll,
was the lefiding spirit In the establish
ment, and the charter members of _the
Stanford Chapter are: Frank MnythVm.
IK); Alfred K. \V. Schmidt. 'X; Fro,] .].
Perry. '<*); Howard Truslow, 'fll : Frank
Ulnman. '(tt; and Ray H. Rlack, Ttt.
Fhe chapter was started during com
mencement week. A number of good men
have been pledged who will be initiated
R-hen the university opens, so that when
the fraternity makes its how to the col
ege world, it will be sure of a hearty wel
come. The Stanford Chapter is the first
chapter of Kappa Sigma on the coast,
ihough in the universities and colleges of
the Middle West and the South the fra
ternity has a large number of chapters.
Attacked Olympia's Crew.
LONDON, Aug. 2T.— A special dispatch
■fceived here to-day from Leghorn. Italy,
says that five men have been arrested
there on the charge of attacking and
wounding some sailors who had come
ishore from tha United States cruiser
Jiympia.
speak for the young men and say they are
thankful.
"The institution of the order advocates
devotion to God, devotion to the church
and loyalty to the country. Nothing could
be ii ire praiseworthy."
Thi' opening session was held this after
noon in Nativi Sons' Hall and ;: large
amount of business was transacted. The!
following committees were appointed:
Credentials- r J. Driscoll No. :'.4; w
T. Aggler, J. AN. Sullivan, No. i'; William
Eiennessy, No. 8; Waiter Fitzgerald. No.'
44.
Finance— L. E. Mahan ichairmani. A. !
Schwamm, P. J. Campbell, No. 5; TVil- '
liam M. Gillispie, No. 4; T. M. Dwlnlv,
No. 11.
Press— X, A. Cor.k, No. 12 (chairman);'
Antonio Pitcovich. D. J. Hallahan, No. ti;
J. J. Dillon. No. 66; Hairy Pinkha.m. No.
72. i
State of the institute— John Riley ichair
man>, W. S. Fleming. No. 2; J. li. Leon
ard. No. 12; D. J. "Dollar, No. 59; J. J.
O'Toole. No. 35.
Mileage- I. T. Powers. No. 47'); James!
D. Whalen No. 47; l>. l». Cronin No 74-
F. F. Diinh, X". 7; F. A. Dumont. No. 470. i
Journal— F. J. Kierce, supreme presi- i
dent (chairman), Rev. J. M. Gleason No
36; M. V. Carrington, No. 31; E. R. My
rick. No. l: George A. Stanley.
I . W. Powers <.: Council No, 470 was ap
pointed to the office of grand director In
1 place of James J. Foi.y. absent. R. A. i
. Miller was appointed assistant grand aec
■ retary.
Telegrams of greeting were received \
\ froni^ the presidents of Slo R smayer Coun- j
ci! No. 4riO of San Francisco, Montgomery j
j Council No. 47H o f l.os Angeles, Ix>s An- '
I geles Council No. 47S of L<te Angeles.
An invitation was received from the I
grand marshal of the Native Sons, of the I
I Golden West for the grand officers to
participate In the parade of welcome to
j the California volunteers. It was ac
! cepted.
! A communication was rend from Mayor
Phelan extending to the members of "the j
Grand Council the freedom of Phelan
Cark. He also expressed his regret at not '
being able to be present at the banquet.
The grand secretary reported as follows:
; Grand Council receipts, $7510 87; disburw
ments, $5534 15; balance, $l!»7« 72: assets,
$2523 L' 7; liabilities. $650. Members June :
30, 1889— Active 4132. associate 405. nonor- I
I ary 105; total 4042. Number admitted dur- '
FRENCHMAN SWIMS
WHITE HORSE RAPIDS
Boat Upset, and It Was a
Question of Life or
Death.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 21.— The suc
cessful swimming of the White Horse
Rapids by a human being has been re
garded as one of the impossible feats
of endurance and bravery, but this feat
is now a reality and was accomplished
by a Frenchman on August 2 in the
person of Leon Liard.
This accomplished swimmer, in com
pany with his countrymen, Eugene
Barbin and Benel Estier, were descend
ing the Yukon River in a skiff headed
for Dawson. Rounding the point above
the whirlpool they saw the sign of the
mounted police, "Danger, White Horse
Rapids." They rowed for shore, but the
current drew tin- skiff Into the rapid
water. It turned stern foremost and
In trying to get the boat about the men
upset the flimsy craft. Liard struck
out boldly to swim the rapids, while his
companions, Barbin ami Estier, stuck
to the boat. Liard was out of sight
half the time, the waves curling over
him, while, the people on the bank were
holding their breath as he appeared
again and again, going at a rapid pace.
He finally, after a desperate struggle,
reached the left bank below the steam
boat landing. There was a crowd of
willing hands to assist him up the
bank and cheer followed cheer as he
was dragged ashore. Barbin and Estier
clung to the boat until opposite the
landing and reached shallow water by
swimming twenty feet.
UNITED STATES CRUISER
SAVES A WRECKED CREW
British Steamer Nettleton Runs
Aground and the Montgomery
Offers Assistance.
RIO JANEIRO, Aug. 21.-The United
States cruiser Montgomery arrived here
last night from Montevideo. She reports
having rescued the crew of the British !
steamer Nettleton, Captain Vigers, from
Norfolk. July 25, for Rio Janeiro, Which
wont aground at Marina, twenty mll^s
east of this port. All the members of the
' Nettleton's crew were saved. The yes-
I sel's foreholds are full of water, but the
! middle hold and after hold are tight.
Tugs^have been sent to her assistance.
MANY WRECKS REPORTED.
NEWBERN, N. C. Aug. 21.— Reports
tcJ-day from the coast of North Carolina
where the West Indian hurricane touched
last week show that there were a large
number of lives lost and mucn damage
done to property. Fourteen fishermen, in
trying to cross Pamlico Sound in Skiffs,
were lost. Four bodies have been recov
ered. The scnooners Goodwyn and Au
rora were wrecked. The L. R. Hill in
ashore. The Berwick and al! hands are
reported lost. These losses all occurred
in Pamlico Sound. It is believed that as
many as sixty persons lost their lives in
I the storm.
ing the year, 635; dropped, 401; gain, 237.
Amount in treasurer's last report,
$31,708 04; amount of receipts. $35,973 13;
disbursements, ?32,722; in treasuries June
30, 1899, $34,958 50; gain. $3250 46: amount
paid in Kick benefits,. $11,142. Number of
members relieved 313; on non-beneficial
list June 30, 1899, 877. '
A motion was made that the body ad- !
journ in respect to the late grand inside :
sentinel. William Pann.
Candidates for grand officers are already '
in the field and are marshaling their :
forces. Among those mentioned are: ;
Judge St. Sure, Alarm da, for grand presi- i
dent; D. J. Leary. No. 3. San Francisco,
for first vice president; Thomas W. Kelly, I
No. 12, Santa Cruz, second vice president;
Daniel Kallahan. Oakland, for Inside sen
tinel; Herman E. Eerg of Marysville,
grand director.. >
A ball game for the institute between
the Sand Crabs and Watsonvilles resulted
in a score of 6 to 4 in favor of Watson
vllle. Only six innings were played.
After the business of the day the dele
gates, were entertained at the Pacific
Ocean House Hall by the Young Ladies'
Institute. The hall was profusely decor
ated with festoons of pepper and hop vine
and wreaths of red, white and blue flow
ers. A short programme, consisting of
vocal solos by E. B. Pixley, Mrs. J. Ker
lin, Miss Clara Beck and O. O'Brien- of i
San Francisco; piano solo. Miss Mamie i
Sweeney; piano duet, Annie Thompson
and Willie Thompson; and a recitation by
William Stack. Dancing followed and ah
elaborate supper was served in the din
ing-room of the hotel. Those who had
charge of the affair were: Floor director,
Enoch Alzina; floor committee —
Hamill. J. J. Roney, E. A. Cook. Charles
J. Gillen. Reception committee—Mes
dames M. Roney, E. Anderson, S. C. Hor
ton. K. M. Kenney, M. M. Demlcheli, M.
McCart. 1. F. lOnney. M. Tait. C. Kelly,
M. A. Wise. J. Talt; Misses J. M. Ander
son, L. R. Beub. A. M. Cooney. M A
Sweeney. M. Griffith, A. E. Kennedy, M.
1... Brown, H. A. Conroy, A. a. Hughes,
M. Calegari, J. Corcoran, C. E. Griffith,
H. M. Hamill, D. ],ynsky c. Griffith, E.
Wilson. M. M. Morris. A. Wilson. A.
M. Ponsano. Committee of arrangements
— Mesdames M. Roney, M. McCart. E An
derson, M. A. Wise, I. Kenney; Misses A.
Sweeney, C. E. Griffith, H. A. Conroy A
Hughes, H. M. Hamill, A. E. Kennedy,
A. M. Ponsano.
CLOUDBURST IN
ROUND VALLEY
Bridges Washed Away and
Hundreds of Fish in the
Stream Killed.
COVELO, Aug. 21.— A storm swept
over a small portion of Round Valley
yesterday which for singularity
amounted to a freak. The storm cloud
hovered over the southeastern range of
hills all the afternoon, slowly sailing
before a stiff northwest breeze. At 1
o'clock in the afternoon the inky cloud
enveloped the southern half of the val
ley In a dense canopy, obscuring the
sun and nmking a deep twilight of the
noonday. Deep rolling thunder and
vivid lightning: flashes marked the next
half-hour and then all cleared off and
was as serene as before.
At CovelO, a little northwest of the
center of the valley, only a few drops
of rain fell, while at the southern edge,
a few miles distant there was a veri
table cloudburst. In less than half an
hour the sloughs and water courses, al
ways dry in the summer, were over
flowing, tearing out floodgates with a
crash. Roads were gullied so badly
that they will have to be repaired be
fore being passable. An immense
amount of damage was done" to crops
in stacks and yet unthrashed.
But the most remarkable result of the
storm is that it killed all the fish in
that portion of Round Valley Creek
lying in the track of the waterspout.
The surface of the stream is covered
with dead fish from the size of a pin
fish to a regular three-pounder. Buz
zards and swine are vying with each
other for the spoils of the elements.
From the number, size and condition
of the fish there is no doubt that all
the fish in that portion of the stream
was killed.
The theory advanced here by the wis<*
ones is that the storm was electrical
and that the fish were electrocuted,,
while the foolish say they were
drowned. The most likely explanation
is that the sudden influx of water with
foreign debris must have been the
cause of the destruction of the fish.
RIOTERS ARE KILLED
BY THE POLICE
PRAGUE. Bohemia, Aug. 21.— Serious
disturbances have taken place at Grad
litz, a town fifteen miles east of Konig
grntz, due to racial differences between
the Csecks and Germans. A detachment
of gendarmes, who are guarding the mu
nicipal buildings were stoned from an ad
jacent public house. They were unsuc
cessful in their attempt to clear the house
of their assailants, but made several ar
rests during the night. The gendarmes
were fired on and charged on the mob
with drawn swords, the result being that
four persons were killed and others were
injured. The troops and further rein
forcements of gendarmes were sent to the
scene of the disturbances and eventually
Quiet was restored. i
MURDERED BY
ARMY OFFICERS
OF FRANCE
Terrible Crime Committed by
an Expedition Commanded
by Two Captains.
TRAGEDYj[ SOUDAN
Nine Men, Including Lieutenant
Colonel Klobb and Lieutenant
Meunier, Are Shoi Down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Aur- 21.— M. de Crais. Minis
ter for the Colonies, has received a
dispatch from the Governor General of
French West Africa, fully confirming
the Figaro's story, cabled to the Asso
ciated Press this morning, of the kill
ing of Lieutenant Colonel Klobb, and
Lieutenant Meunier by members of a
French expedition under the conduct of
Captains Voulet and Chanoine, in the
French Soudan.
The confirmation has created a great
sensation and caused the most painful
impression, the only explanation sug
gested being that Captain Voulet had
become mentally affected by the cli
mate. Curiously enough, the killing oc
curred July 14, the date of the French
national tete.
It appears that on news being re
ceived of the barbarity of the Voulet-
Chanoine mission toward the natives on
the march toward Lake Chad, the Du
puy Ministry instructed Lieutenant Col
onel Klobb, who was at Kayer, to pro
ceed with a column, overtake the mis
sion, investigate the shargea and as
sume command, on July 14 the Klobb
party overtook the mission at Zimber,
near Domangar. Lieutenant Colonel
Klobb sent word to Captain Voulet.
who replied that he would shoot him if
he advanced. Notwithstanding this
threat Klobb advanced and made him
self known to Voulet, who ordered him
peremptorily to stop. This order was
disregarded, and when the Klobb party
was within 150 meters of Voulet's
t loops, tiie latter, on his order, fired
three volleys, which were followed by
independent tiring. Lieutenant Meun
ier fell dead. Lieutenant Colonel Klobb,
wcunded in the leg by the first volley,
was dispatched by being shot in the
head. Voulet then ordered a bayonet
charge, and the remainder of the Klobb
column fled, carrying their wounded
and leaving, besides the two officers,
nine men dead. The survivors, ten of
whom were wounded, reached Bosso
under command of a native sergeant.
The Voulet-Chanoine mission has
taken to the bush, but according to the
advices received by M. de Crais a strong
column was to be sent in pursuit.
Captains Voulet and Chanoine have
both had distinguished careers in the
Soudan. The mission, now outlawed.
consists, besides the leaders, of Captain
Joual! and Lieutenant Palllier, Dr.
Hanric and two French sergeants.
VOULET'S RECORD.
French Papers Comment Upon His
Horrible Crime.
LONDON. Aug. 21.— The Rennes corre
spondent of the Dally News, commenting
upon the effect which the murders of
French officers in the French Soudan will
have upon the Dreyfus case, says: "Cap
tain Chanoine is a son of General Cha
noine. the former Minister of War, who
joined the other War Ministers in swear
ins: on his soul and conscience that Drey
fus was guilty."
Referring to General Chanoine's myste
rious resignation from the Brisson Cabi
net, the correspondent says: "It is evident
that ih>- X;ui"!iii.list leaders got wind of
t!.- atrocities <ommltted by Captains Vou
let and Chanoine in the Soudan on men.
women and children, which were of such
a character as to bf> unprintable. He en
tered th Brisson ministry pledged to sup
porl revision of the. Dreyfus case, but just
as President I'aure was blackmailed Into
opposing revision by threats to disclose
certain family stories, so General Cha
noine was blackmailed into resigning and
renouncing his conscientious belief in the
innocence of Dreyfus by a threat to reveal
the misdeeds of his son."
PARIS, Aug. 22.— The morning papers
are full of comments upon the murder of
Lieutenant Colonel Klobb and Lieutenant
Meuni< r in the French Soudan, ami of
speculations as to the motives of Captain
Voulet.
The Figaro says Captain Voulet often
talked of the possibility of establishing an
African empire, and asks if he is about
to attempt to realize the scheme.
FIFTEEN NEW SHIPS
CJreat Northern Will Enter the Trans-
Pacific Trade Extensively.
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.— 1t is reported here
that James J. Hill will build fifteen new
steamers for the Trans'-PaMfle trade of t
the Great Northern Road, the present !
number being insufficient to handle the
Increased business.
■
Igja Enroll your name to our long list of «
";' I customers who are satisfied with our '
|® The satisfaction does not come
lIH merely from the low price — it's the suit Hfis
iS itself that is creating the interest ; it is in
iIH the cutting, the sewing, the trimmings, j|i|!
\oH in fact the entire making. ' SS
liH In addition to this comes the guaran-
I M Money returned if yon want it; or . fl||
% -Is§ - Suit kept in repair free for one year. ||||
I%M Write for samples — we give them |||||
| freely to interested persons. |p|j
1 S. N. WOOD & GO. 11
Iwl^ freely to interested persons. .g|
i S. N. WOOD & CO. I
IS 7*B Market St. and
Cor. Powell and Eddy. rFm
•jMWWB&L." ~"***^"~_*_l'.— »™^^"^ a^^__^^_—^_||Mg^—j<W
ENTIRE CITY
IN COLORADO
IS BURNED
A. Conflagration at Victor
Causes a Loss Estimated
at $2,000,000.
SCENE OSEOF TERROR
j Vll the Principal Business Houses
Are Consumed and Many De
stroyed by Dynamite.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo.. Aug. 21. -«
Fire has utterly destroyed the business
portion of the city of Victor, causing
a loss estimated at $2,000,000. Beginning
shortly after noon <he flre raged until
evening, consuming everything in its
way. It had its origin, it is thought,
in the Merchants' Cafe, adjoining the
Bank of Victor, on the corner of Third
street and Victor avenue. A strong
wind from the south fanned the flames
and in a few minutes all the surround
ing houses were afire.
Help was summoned from Cripple
Creek, but the town had been built in
the early days of the camp and was of
pine timber for the most part, and
burned like paper. Efforts were made
to stop the progress of the flames by
blowing up buildings in their path by
means of dynamite, and all afternoon
the hills have roared with the explo
sions, but the effort was in vain.
The flre claimed the Bank of Victor,
the postoffice on the corner opposite,
crossed Third street and followed the
row of blocks between Third and
Fourth streets to the north, taking the
Victor Banking Company, the West
i era Union Telegraph Company's office
and the office of the Colorado Telephone
Company, the Hotel Victor, on the op
posite side of Fourth street, and the
three great shaft houses of the Gold
Coin Mining Company and its ore bins,
among the largest in the Cripple Creek
district. From there the flames were
swept northward by the half hurricane
which was blowing, and never stopped
until they had taken the Florence and
Cripple Creek depot and the fine new
depot of the Midland Terminal road, at
the head of Fourth street. All the
buildings between these are a total loss,
with practically all their contents, for
the flames were so rapid in their prog
ress that nothing could be saved.
The scenes of the grea-t Cripple Creek
conflagration were duplicated. Hurry
ing before the roaring flames went
men, women and children, carrying
what they coula snatch from the
flames, racing for their lives. The crash
of buildings torn asunder by dynamite
and the crackle of the flames as they
consumed the dry buildings hastened
their flight, and the pall of smoke added
a terror to the spectacle.
A special train was placed at the
command of this city by the Florence
and Cripple Creek Railroad, and three
companies of firemen, with apparatus,
were rushed to the scene. They worked
all afternoon in a vain endeavor to stay
the march of the flames. The residence
portion of the city has suffered com
paratively little, but the business por
tion is paralyzed and suffering is bound
to follow. The burned area may be
roughly designated as the space be
tween the head of Fourth street and
Victor avenue, extending from the Gold
Coin mine biuldings on the west to a
point near Second street, and down
Third street almost to Diamond avenue.
The fire was gotten under control this
evening. Conservative estimates place
the loss at $2,500,000.
The first house was built in Victor in
October, 1893. In July of the following
year the city was incorporated, and five
years later it contained 10.000 people.
That is about the population now.
The heaviest losses are: Gold Coin
mine, consisting of shaft, ore houses
and machinery, $100,000; the Woods In
vestment Company, $100,000; J. B. Cun
nigham, $75,000; Morrell Hardware
Company, $2u,000: Florence and Cripple
Creek Railway, $25,000; Tomklns Hard
ware Company. $25,000; A. B. Bum
stead, $20,000; Mayor Robert Donnelly,
$25,000; Ketter & Co., $20,000; I. Ampeter
Clothing Company, $15,000; George E.
Simonton, drugs, $12,000; George Bock
finger. $7000; J. J. Trenchard, $10,000;
William Sexton, $10,000; Victor Banking
Company. $5000: Bank of Victor, $5000;
Daily Record. $7000; Evening Times,
$5000; Colorado Trading and Transfer
Company, $20,000; Victor Supply Com
pany, $25,000: Gardner Mercantile Com
pany. $20,000; Midland Terminal Rail
way $75,000; Jim Durey, $10,000; Arthur
Reynolds. $30,000; Stebbins & Co., $16,
--000; Shilling Dry Goods Company, $16,
--000.
34
CONVENTION
SEASON WILL
OPEN TO-NIGHT
Democrats to Meet at
Native Sons' Hall.
GAVIN M'NAB'S PROGRAMME
REPUBLICANS GETTING READY
TO ASSEMBLE TO-MORROW.
4%0 Joker in the F-equest for Delegates
to Present Credentials at Coun
ty Committee -£?ad
quarters.
Delegates to the Democratic local nomi
nating convention chosen at the primary
election on August 8 will assemble to
night at Native Sons' Hall on Mason
street. It is understood that Jasper Mc-
Donald will bo elected chairman of the
convention; The programme for the fu
ture management of the party which
OavinMeXab has prepared may be partly
disclosed this evening. A county com
mittee! to succeed the present governing
body of One Hundred may be appointed \
at to-night's session of the convention, j
Should this committee be appointed the :
convention will adjourn to some time j
in the latter . part of September. !
The present purpose of the Democratic :
managers is not to expose the nominees I
.to the fire of campaign for any greater '
length of time than Is required by the j
law.
Delegates to ihe Republican Local Norn- j
inating Convention will meet to-morrow '
evening at Odd Fellows' Hall. There is no j
doubt that Sheldon Kellogg will be chosen |
chairman of the committee, as he is the j
nominee of the Citizens' Republican League j
and therefore supported by a decisive |
majority of the delegates-elect.
A request issued by postal card on Au- i
gust IS from the headquarters of the Re- j
publican County Committee, requesting !
delegates to present their credentials to j
the secretary of the committee, in order •
that a roll of the convention might be
compiled, excited the suspicion of some !
of th< delegates elected under the aus
pices of the league, and they declined at ;
first to comply with the request. A. J.
Ralsch; chairman of the committee, con- |
vinced the officers of the central organi- .
ration that there was no hidden joker in I
the premises.
yesterday the Centrals sent nut the
following notice, addressed to each dele- j
pate of the majority: :
Central Republican Committee of the City Re
liibllcan Leagues of San Francisco, Grand
Hotel.
PAN FRANCISCO, August 21. 1899.
Do not fall to present your credentials to the
Ffcretary of the County Committee, as request
ed by said ci>mniHt»<", but do not deliver same j
to him. The office of the secretary of the i
County Committee will be open Monday and ■
Tuesday evenings. August -1 and 22, until 9 I
o'clock, at i' 33 Market street. This is ordered
so as to compile a roll of delegates to the I
Republican local convention. Attend to this
at once. HENRY T. SCOTT. Chairman.
JAMES A. WILSON Secretary.
The officers of the Republican County 1
Committee ■:■:•• that the words in italic,
"hut do not deliver same to him," might
have been omitted, as the secretary has
no .desire to destroy or retain the creden
tials of any delegate.
The n<*w Republican County Committee,
to consist of four members from each As
sembly strict and eighteen at large,
making a total membership of ninety, '
will probably be chosen to-morrow night.
Last night at headquarters of the Re
publican County Committee, 933 Market
street, many delegates presented their I
credentials. It whs reported that the
number listed exceeded 120.
At a meeting of the Thirty-sixth Assem
bly District delegation to the Republican
County Convention held yesterday after
noon much indignation was expressed at '
the nUbHshod statement that the •delega
tion had or would affiliate with the' poli- I
tical firm of Kelly & Ciimmins, and th« :
secretary of the delegation was instructed i
.to prepare for publication a positive de
nial of such statement and a reafflrmance
of the determination of the delegation to j
maintain its cornplc-te and perfect inde
pendence of any and all political bosses
and factional interests.
SENSATIONAL CHARGES
OF CONSPIRACY MADE
Hugh Slicer's Heirs Sue for a Hun
dred Thousand Over Wrecked
Macadamizing Company.
OAKLAND, Aug. 21 Grave charges of
conspiracy are made in a suit filed in the
Superior Court to-day, wherein Cora E.
Slieer, j.arriet Carpenter. "Walter R. Wil
son, Cora B. Shilly, George W. Arper and
other heirs of the late Hugh S. Slicer ask
for $100,000 damages from the Alameda
Macadamizing Company, the Piedmont
Paving Company, the Bay Rock Com
pany, C. D. Bates Sr., C. D. Bates Jr.,
John R. Tregloan, A. T. Arrowsmith. M. i
B. .Eastman, James Stanley, Henry Evens,
•W. W. Jacobs, E. G. Vincent and others.
•W. J. Dingee is also joined as a defend
ant, but no conspiracy is attributed to
him, and; according to the complaint, the;
other defendants are charged with con
ceiving the idea of destroying the Ala
meda Macadamizing Company and substi
tuting In its place another company to
follow the same line of business. Con- ;
tinuiJig. the complaint alleges:
.That a fraudulent and secret conspiracy was .
formed in pursuance with this scheme to wreck :
the Alameda Macadamizing Company, which
was principally owned by the Slicer estate;
that the conspirators were without funds or '
business standing in the community, being :
principally clerks an'i laborers; that some of
them were directors In the original Rlloer com
pany, which gavfi them a chance to carry out
their scheme; that Jnm^s citan'.ey, it that time
Public Administrator, obtained control of the
SMc< ' estate, and In that capacity aided the
schemers to «••! possession of the property
that the sum of $22,000 belonging to the Ala
ir.ecia. Macadamizing Company was Illegally ap
propriated by the defendants for the purpose
of opening the quarry nt the Bay Rock Com
pany, and tliat no part of this bum has been
repaid, nor li there any record to show that the
Hay' Rock" Company owes that sum or any
.other amount to the company which It was in
tended to supplant:
Moreover, plaintiffs allege that the
property of the macadamizing company
was "treacherously and fraudulently sold
to J. M. Carroll for J&OOO." which they
claim is ban ly on< -half of its value.
Incidentally ex-Public Administrator
Stanley is accused of having entered the
plot by his alleged consent to the sale of
t^O.OOO worth of company assets for $*Jooo-
Arrowsmlth is Individually charged with
having raised Ills salary from SIM to $"00
per month after Hugh Slelce's death, and
Bates, it is charged, did likewise. Quota
tions from the macadamizing company's
hooks are given to show that in nine year's
the company Raid annual dividends on its
Block to the amount of 50 .700, and that'
ninong the assets of the wrecked company
is a. tract of land in Kern County or 2000
acres on which valuable oil wells have"re
cently been discover! d.
In addition to the $10,000 damages, plain
tiffs ask judgment against C. D. Bates for
?sf>Gs, with legal interest from January 28,
1593. and against A. T. Arrowsmith for
■ 7-!. with interest from May IS, 1894.
Pears'
Only they who
use it know the
luxury of it.
PLUNGER HOWARD STILL
BAFFLING THE POLICE
CHARLES DOYLE, ALIAS HOWARD
CHARLES VIVIAN DOYLE, alias "Plunger" Hill, alias Aupru=tus Howard,
ex-convict, swindler and prince of bunko mm. Is leading the police a merry
chase in the game of hide-and-seek which has been going on for over a
The longer Howard eludes tho police the hotter seem his chances for mak
ing pond his ultimate • scape. Chief Lees 1 detectives have spent the entire
week searching the suburban towns and the outlying districts of this city in the
hope of finding some faint cle-w <>f the missing fugitive's whereabouts.
The letter written by Mr. Little <*f Wells, Fargo & Co. to a prominent business
man in this city, in which he stated that he saw Howard on the Oregon overland
last Saturday nipht, gave the police a rather live clew to the fugitive's where
abouts.
Chief I.ees i? confident, even In the face of hi? thwarted efforts, that he will
land Howard behind the bars before many more days have passed.
When H6ward first met Willard Green, the Denver capitalist, whom he de
frauded out of thousands of dollars, he palmed himself off successfully on Green as
a retired officer of the English navy. Judging from the accompanying photograph
of Howard in his fak milia, It is quite easy to 'comprehend how Green suc
cumbed so easily to the olly-tongued swindler.
The theory that Howard is making his way toward Victoria was strength
ened by Information received a day or so ago from Oakland. On Saturday
evening:, August 12, Conductor Graves, who had charge of a special train to the
Emeryville racetrack, saw Howard at the Oakland mole, accompanied by a thin
faced man answerins the description of Bob Creelman, known in racing circlea
Nigger Fool Creelman. Graves knows Howard well, and he Insists that he
.--aw him on that night. His statement is corroborated by Special Officer Ma
loney, who was on the mole at the time. Maloney also knows Howard, and
he is equally positive that the "Plunger" was on the mole that evening and in
all probability boarded tli" northbound train. This information gives color to the
letter written by Mr. Little of Wells, Kargo & Co.
Conductor Graves' Btory was poured into the ears of the Chief of Police of
Oakland. Special Officer Maloney also notified Constable Teague, who in turn
notified Attorney Pillsbury. This information has been in tho hands of Chief
Lees for several days, and in all probability it has done much to strengthen his
theory that Howard Is making tracks for Victoria. Chief Lees stated last night
that Victoria was well covered, and it Howard is seen there he will be taken
into custody.
The Chronicle published an Interview in Sunday morning's issue purporting
to come from Robert S. Logan, in which the latter stated that he delivered mail
at Howard's house addn ssed in the "Plunger's" handwriting. On one occasion
the mail carrier asked where he should leave the mail addressed to "Hand
some" George Adams, and a voice .rom the head of the stairs that'sounded like
Howard's replied that no mull fir Adams should ! ■• left at the house.
Logan denies that he ever made s<; :h a statement to a Chronicle reporter or
to anybody else.
REDUCTION OF
HYDRANTS TO
BE RESISTED
j
Fire Department Will
Be Crippled.
! The Fire Commissioners and the fire un- :
! derwriterß are seriously alarmed over the
j proposition of the Board of Supervisors
to reduce the number of hydrants in the
' city to a considerable extent, and the mat
j ter was discussed at a meeting of the
Commissioners held yesterday morning.
The resolution of the Board of Super
, visors directing the Commissioners to re-
I duce the number of hydrants by 396. or
i as many more as possible, with the view
i of reducing the expenses of the depart
ment, was . read. T - .- ••;•_•:-''
A communication was also read from
William J. Dutton (chairman), Rudolph
: Herold Jr., Charles de Haven, I. ■ Gutte
• and Rolla v. Watt, the committee on
: fire ordinances, fire department and water
supply of the Board of Fire Underwrit
| ers, which met on Saturday, as follows:
' Referring to the recent resolution of the
. Board of Supervisors of the city and county
of San Francisco, requesting your honorable
board to dispense with 3SB hydrants now in
place in this city, and with a greater number
1 If your board can see their way to do bo, the
: Committee on Fire Department and Water
: Supply of the Board of Fire Underwriters
! view with alarm this proposal to seriously re-
I duce the efficiency of the fire protection of this
City and hamper the work of our Fire De
j partment in case of a large conflagration, and
beg to urge upon your honorable board the
[serious menace involved . to the property of
four citizens In thin effort to make a saving
I In city expenses, which may be many times
1 exceeded by a single fire loss owing to the
I absence of the necessary protection.
! This committee realizes, as we think that
! your honorable board, with its long associa
! tion with the means of protection against lire
which this city enjoys, must, also feel, that our
hydrant service 'ought to be materially In
' creased rather than diminished, and we beg
.to call the attention cf your honorable board
;to the fact that but recently the Hoard of
i Fire Underwriters - has made a sweeping re
! dnctlon in rates throughout the city, confi
dent in the expectation that the fire protection
j of the city would be Increased and net dlmln
, ! lshed^ This reduction in premiums will result
; in the saving to our citizens of many times
j the amount which It Is proposed to save in
expense by the , abolition, of these hydrants;
| and. In view of the foregoing this committee
begs to urge' upon your honorable board the
Importance of continuing at least the protection
which the city now enjoys, If you cannot see
your way to recommend an increaee In same,
which we think you will agree with us Is
greatly needed. '
| After discussing the matter the Com
missioners embodied their views in the
1 following communication, which was sent
to the Board of Supervisors Immediately
I after the meeting:
The Board of Fire Commissioners teg leave
to acknowledge the receipt of your communi
cation of the- l«th inst., containing a copy
of resolution No. 2311 (fourth series), directing
the Board of Fire Commissioners to report the i
location of 396 hydrants that could be dis
pensed with, and as many more as can be
spared, etc. . • ,
In reply we desire to say that we are un
j able to comply with the requirements of said
resolution, for the reason that we have no I
knowledge of any hydrants that can be re- i
moved without seriously endangering property i
In the vicinity from fire, and the chief en- i
glneer of of this department reports to this
board that all hydrants now set ar* nbs-j
--lutely needed for the protection of property
from fire. We beg: to call yojr attention to
the fact that our city Is built almas; entirely
of wood: that we are Isolated, and no oultde
( assistance could.be obtained from departments
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1899.
of near-by cities in case of a large conflagra
tion such as occurred in Boston in ISS9. That
city at that time hsvl a department of forty
three engine companies, and received assist
ance from other towns to the number of
fifty-seven engines, making 100 engines to work
at Bald fire. If San Francisco were visited by
such a conflagration, not one-third that num
ber of engines could be supplied with water,
for the reason that the hydrants are now too
far apart to supply them at a single fire In
ony part of the city. We also desire to state
that the Hoard of Fire Underwriters of the
Pacific made a great reduction -in the rates
of Insurance throughout the city. In the ex
pectation that the fire protection would be in
creased rather than reduced. Since the pas
sage of wild resolution, we are In receipt of
a communication from paid Board of Under
writers protesting against any reduction in the
fire service, of which we send you a copy,
and make the same part of this ' communica
tion.
"We have given the question of fire protection
a long and serious study, and it is our Judg
ment that the service should be Increased In
stead of reduced; that instead of hydrants be
ing removed, many more should be set when
ever and wherever the water company can be
induced to lay larger mains.
In closing, we desire to say that every fire
that has occurred In this city, covering a
large area of territory, was caused principally
by lack qf hydrants and Insufficient water sup
ply. We sincerely hope that your honorable
board will reconsider this resolution, as i\e
feel confident that If it were carried Into rffeet
serious results are likely to follow.
The Commissioners also recommended
the Board of Supervisors to pay John
Maxwell of Engine 28 $50 for injuries re
ceived while in the discharge of his duty
at a lire on July 4. at Powell and Chestnut
streets, during which he was severely
burned.
The following promotions were made:
Jerry Sullivan, from assistant foreman
of engine 28 to foreman: Fred Bayers,
from foreman of engine 28 to fireman of
engine 33.
'It was derided to keep the entire de
partment on duty on the night of the pa
rade for the returning heroes from Man
ila. •
■ ♦ «
WILL RESUME HOSTILITIES.
The various suits growing out of the
controversy between W. A. Nevills and
hip prirtners, John Ballard and W. H.
Martin, over the ownership and division
of profits of the Rawhide and App min^s
will soon bo to trial. In fact, counsel
have appeared before Judpe Seawell and
the eases have been set for September 18.
Some time ag-o these mining partners
hurried their troubles into the court, and
suit upon suit was filed. Finally a truce
was arranged, but thiH has expired. In
consequence Nevills has ordered his attor
neys to resume the fight In court, and
they have obeyed instructions. Attorneys
Riordan and L&nde represent Nevills. and
Martin and liallard have retained E. S.
Pillsbury to prosecute their interests in
the litigation.
. ♦ .
Nearly Burned to Death.
HAYWARDS, Aug. 21. -F. 8. . Jackson ;
was nearly burned to death to-nght and
but for the speedy work of a man named
Souza he could not have escaped.
A local merchant received a tank of oil :
from San Francisco to-day and sold some >
to several customers. Jackson procured
some of It and filled a coal oil stove In his [
cellar. He proceeded to light the stove i
and Instantly there was an explosion, and i
the cellar was in llames, while the blazing i
oil was blown all over Jackson's clothing. ;
Jackson yelled, but was completely en- I
veloped in flames. Souza was near the j
house and hoard the explosion. He rushed
Into the collar and encountered the flames,
but seeing a man on lire he hastily !
snatched some blankets from a bed and
threw them around Jackson, at the same
time dragging him out of the cellar. The
flames were extinguished, but not before |
Jaokson was very badly burned.
An examination of the wreck clearly !
proved that the stove had contained gaso- :
line and not coal oil. It was discovered
later that the tank from which Jackson
had obtained his purchase was also filled
with gasoline.
There will probably be some lawsuits
growing out of the mistake.
WELLS-FARGO
MUST HONOR
THE WAR TAX
Statement of Attorney
General Ford.
"Whether or not the tax as imposed by
the war revenue laws is collected is mt
a matter for the concern of this State.
The Government will see that the law Is
obeyed, but it is the duty of the State to
see that corporations reaping vast profits
yearly under the protection of its laws
shall do their duty toward the people. It
has been suggested here ihat the company
may evade the payment of the war tax
by refusing to accept packages until Ihe
revenue tax has been aflixed by the ship
per to the manifest. If the company does
this we may see lit to annul the corpora
tion and place the business in uth^r
hands. It has also been suggested that if
this company is held liable for the war
tax it will raise the express charges. As
this is not an issue here we will not dis
cuss it, but if the company should follow
this course in event of adverse decision
there is time ahead for those intrusted to
enforce the law to 6ee that it Is obeyed."
In the above language Attornej General
Ford closed his argument before Judge
Troutt yesterday in the matter of the ap
plication of \Y. H. Anderson, on behalf of
the people, for a writ of mandate to com
pel Wells, Fargo & Co. to bear its share
of war expenses and ufiix the proper
stamp to each receipt issued, instead of
compelling the people to bear this burden,
which the. law never intended they should.
When the matter came up for argument
Attorney General Ford and his assistant,
W. M. Abbott, appeared for the petitioner,
while the defendant was represented by
Attorney A. Sutro in the absence of E. 8.
Pillsbury, attorney of record. The facts
of the case on which the action is ;o bo
determined are these:
On October iy last W. 11. Anderson, then
Assistant Attorney" General, presented to
Wells, Fargo & Co. a package for ship
ment to Sacramento. Express cbarg sa
were paid by Mr. Anderson, but the com
pany demanded mat he attix an Internal
revenue stamp of one cent to the bill of
lading ur manifest. Contending thai iKis
was the duty of the corporation the d< -
mand was not complied With, and the
| company thereupon refused to forward
the pacKage. Upon sucii refusal a peti
; tion tor a writ <>i mandate to be difectcd
! against the company compelling it to af
!ix the revenue Btamp was applied for.
Attorney General Ford first addressed
the court. He contended under the law it
was plainly the duty of the company to
furnish, attix and cancel the stamp and
not that of the shipper. Continuing, he
said: "Under the war revenue act it 1j
the duty of the carrier to issue a receipt,
and it is mandatory that such receipt be
stamped before issued. It has been held
that the requirement that a written
memorandum be given by the seller U<
the buyer of oral sales in the stock ex
change, and that a Btamp be affixed to
such memorandum is a lawful means of
enforcing the collection of the tax and the
same rule applies to receipts issued by
express companies.
"It' a receipt be issued without a stamp
is aflixed thereto the person or corpora
tion issuing the same is iiable to a fine of
$100, while there is no penalty prescribed
: for the receiving of the same, th<
penalty being imposed on the person Issu
i ing the same. It has also been held that
i the person who makes <>r issues the same
i must alii x the stamp thereto, the burden
| being plainly imposed on t!)e maker of
| the receipt.
On this line Attorney General Ford made
further argument. 11" said that the ship
per was Indifferent as to whether s re
ceipt was Issued or not. All he asked
! was that his goods be accepted and ft.r
--; Warded upon the payment of the usual
; charge, but for Its own protection the
I company was forced to Issue the receipt,
h.nee it was it? duty to pay the tax.
-Mr. Sutro followed Mr. Ford and in part
said:
"Without much calculation it can reart
i Ily be seen that the forcing of this burden
: upon the company would result in a great
i hardship, while on the other hand even
the largest shippers could not complain.
If the company was compelled to attix
: these Btamps as it is herein intended to
I compel it, it would result in an annual
loss of about $]>;<mi,m. r. in other words,
a sum equal to 2 per cent of its entire
I capital stock. Hut from matters of fact to
i those of law, I wish to Impress upon the
court that the revenue tax law does not
provide for a direct tax, and If it is such
j it is unconstitutional, as it Is not properly
: apportioned among the States in accord
: ance with their population. The idea and
purpose of the stamp tax act is to evi
dence transactions, and It Is, in fact, not a
• tax upon the instrument, but on the
; transaction. In consequence the question
arises, who is the beneficiary of the trans
action? It is not denied that the com
pany is thp beneficiary to the extent of
j its profit as a shipper of packages, but,
per so, the benefit of the transaction falls
to those between whom the commodities
pass through the agency of the shipping
i company. There is nothing in the act
, which denotes who shall pay the tax.
Even under the opinion of the I'nited
1 States Attorney General it is admitted
that the Government failed to direct who
shall pay this tax, the purpose of the law
! being fully subserved if all evidences of
i transactions bear the proper stamp, it
matters not who shall bear the burden of
taxation."
At this point Mr. Put.ro endeavored to
I Impress his contention upon thp court that
. the law was framed for the purpose of se
; curing the attention and service of the
corporations in enforcing the law and
! compelling the people to obey Its man
: dates. Quotations from a decision ren
dered by Judge Morrow, in which It was
held that in the opinion of the court the
penalty Imposed upon telegraph compa
nies of $Xi for accepting unstamped mes-
Bages and $100 upon individuals presenting
unstamped messages was for the purpose
of compelling senders of messages to bear
the tax, the penalty Imposed upon the
company for aceptJng unstamped m< s-
Bages having as its object the securing of
corporate assistance to enforce the law.
)!>■ claimed that the case was analogous
with that at bar, but Judge Troutt drew
a distinction between a message clearly of
interest between the sender, who prepared
such message, and the receiver, while a]
bill of lading or manifest was prepared ]
by the express company and issued for
the joint benefit of the company and the
shipper. In answer to this Mr. Sutro
quoted from section G of the war revenue i
law, which reads: "That on and after the
Ist day of July, 1898, there shall be levied,
collected and paid for and in respect of I
the several bonds, debentures or certifi
cates of stock and of Indebtedness, and
ether documents, instruments, matters
and things mentioned and described in
schedule A of this act, or for or in respect
of the vellum, parchment or paper upon
which such instruments, matters or I
things, or any nf them, shall be written
or printed by any person or persons or
party who shall make, sign or issue the
same, or for whose use or benefit the same
shall be made, signed of issued, the sev
eral taxes or sums of money set down in
figures against the same, respectively, or
otherwise specified or set forth in the said
schedule."
The words included in this section "by '
any person or persons or party who shall
make, sign or issue the same, or for whose
use or benefit the same shall be made,"
Mr. Sutro contended, plainly imposed the
burden on the people. Under Judge
Troutt's distinction, however, the com
pany was the "maker" and "Issued" the
instrument, and was equally a beneliciary.
The manifest or bill of lading being nec
essary for the successful conduct of its
business, the balance of reason Is certain
ly against the contentions of the corpora
tion, and under the wording of the sec
tion is legislated against more clearly
than are the people.
Replying to Mr. Sutro, Attorney General
Ford said that as far as the figures given
by opposing counsel were concerned he
did not consider that the burden was as
great as the company would have people j
think, as the learned counsel had neglect
ed to state just what the annual Income
of the company was. He also referred to
the fact that the company in its infancy,
In 1863, had been compelled to pay a tux
of 3 per cent on Its gross receipts, ami j
now, when its assets are valued by the
millions. 1t was trying to shirk its duty, j
After quoting additional authorities sub- j
stantlatinp his position that the company ]
must bear the tax. Mr. Ford spoke of a
conversation which he. had with Congress
man James G. Mnguire. In which that
ppntleman had told him that while the
very law In question was before the Ways I
and Means Committee General Grosvenor
of Ohio, when questioned, said that he did
not believe that the express companies
could evade the law, although they would
try. but he was unable to say what the
result would be if the company'endeavored
to shift the burden by raising rates. "That
matter we will attend to when it comes
up," said Attorney General Ford, "and
we will see that the laws in that respect,
as in the present case, are obeyed by this
corporation."
MISSIONARIES TO DEPART.
Consecration of missionary work was
held at the Presbyterian Mission Home,
920 Sacramento street, yesterday morning
to commemorate the departure of three
missionaries of the Occidental Board. At
the hour set for the services distinguished
church dignitaries and missionaries from
many parts of the world were present,
and at the close of the ceremony over 20ft
guests participated in a reception and
lunch. The missionaries about to depart
are Dr. Arthur Sharract, Mrs. Mary
Ames Sharract and Rev. Mr. Nourse.
The trio will Fail on Friday for Korea,
wWere they will find a field for their la
bors. ••
The services were conducted by Dr.
Hemphiir of Calvary Church in this city.
Dr. • Attenbury of Peking. China, deliv
ered the addcess, and Dr. Carson ot
Trinity Church performed the consecra
tion.
I -•«
In the Divorce Court.
May C. "We.ct has been granted a divorce
from W. E. West on the ground of deser
tion. The plaintiff was allowed to resume
her maiden name, Breen. Decrees of di
vorce have also been granted Josephine
Parks from Altridge Parks, on the ground
of willful neglect, ancTArna C. Allen from
Valient H. Allen, on the ground of willful
negiect. Suits for divorce have been filed
by Emma Hoffman against Henry B.
Hoffman for failure to provide, and G. T.
Mogan against Rela Mogan tor desertion.
Decorator Probably Fatally Injured
W. 11. Kelly, who resides on Fourth
t, fell from a ladder while engaged in
I utting up decorations in a saloon at
Fourth and Minna streets last nlgrht and
v\;is removed to the Receiving Hospital,
where he was found to be suffering from
hemorrhage of the brain. He will prob
ably die.
Paperhang-ers' Prospects Good
At the next meeting of the Paperhang
ers' Union a system of unity by which the
association expects to gain a standing
which will be beneficial to all its members
is expected to be proposed in such shape
as will insure its adoption. At the meet-
Found Dead in Bed.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 21.— Jacob Huber, an
nld resident of Santa dara. was found
dead In his bed at that place this evening.
He lived alone, hi? wife having obtained
a divorce Beveral months ape. and the ap
pearance of the body Bhowed that he had
been dead for several weeks. The Cor
oner's Jury returned a verdict of death
from natural causes.
j LIVER TROUBLE
AXD THIS IS NOT ALL, FOR THE STOM-
ach Boon becomes involved, Indigestion re-
i sults, which, if prolonged, often terminates in
I ulceration of the stomach and heart* compli-
■ : cation.. Again, Inflammation of the bowels may !
result. "Take HUDYAN," for HUDYAN will
1 cure you. HUDYAN will avert these serious
| complications. HUDYAN strengthens the liver
and stimulates it to perfect activity. "
Know Your Exact Condition.
I'■ Symptoms — FiR. 1, headaches and dizziness;
Fig. 2. yellow eyes; Fig-. 3, coated tongue and
. offensive breath; Fig. 4, palpitation or flutter-
. Ing of heart; Flgl 6, impaired digestion; Fig.
6, pain or soreness in right side. Again.' cos-
; I tivenees, lack of energy, tired feeling-. loss of
, appetite, these all serve to tell you that your
I liver Is torpid and that serious disease is pend-
! ing.
HUDYAN Is the best remedy known for liver
' : complaint. HUDYAN acts gently upon the bow-
' els and does not produce nausea.
+ + HUDYAN diverts
the bile from the
MEN AND blood and sends it
WOMEN through its proper
ADVISED I channels. HUDYAN
FREE t produces clear and
r .n or Write rosy complexions, for
Can or Write. I , t hr)nKS a! 1 the nu .
; ■4— — ▼ trltive organs .into
I harmonious action, and thus pure and rich
blood, so essential to health, must result.
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists, 50c a pack-
age, or six packages for $2 40.
If your tk-usglst does not keep HUDYAN
send direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
corner Stockton, Kills and Market streets, San
Francisco, Cal.
Consult Hudyan Doctors About Your
I Case, free of Charge. Call or Write.
Shsng Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOTS TONIC TABLETS
are tlie only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink.
WJB urAKAvrKF. FOCIt boxf.s
to cure any case with a positive wri I ten g uar-
I .anfr« or refund tho money, and to destroy tho
appetite for intoxicating liquor
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
tTiifiUC nDIMV cailB< ''' M:iB r s'» Poverty
dInUND UnWrVand Death. Upon receipt
11*10.00 TTB v.li: mall you four ("4] boxes and post-
ive Tvrlsten .';■::< r.-nsf <■■• to cure or refund
1 iiione?. Sins-" '•" — '■">!.
GEORGE DAHLBENDEH & CO., Sole Agts..
214 Kearny st., San Francisco.
4 visit DR. JORDAN great A
{MUSEUM OF AHATOhm
A Qfr 1051 UASEIT ZT. bet. £±i7ti, S.F-Cd. i
\ (T^ The Largest Anatomic»l Mu<.eum in the
H jßm disease p«r^l«i»«-ly cared by thr oldest '
O /jK-Bjl b P= cl * l i!>trn theCu«st list. 36years- 9
!rS^S OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
fwlEroll Consultation free and stri My private. \
i AP^tH Tr»itment personally rr by letter. A 4
B / V! H ■•"»■'•»« Vure in every case undertaken. T
ft// Iff* Write for Book. *'» I! « .on«>i-hvi 1 A
11 I «*nnMCli, MAILED FREE. 'AT
A d IX' Ta| u»We book for men) . i
f OR JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S.F. f
£^^*Lr ELECTRIC BELTS,
.<simllP"'7lT^ l ffffiM»mEL Prices from 13 50 to
|JP H\ ' V '.-y Ti'^^^ J25. Largest manu-
Bjjpft . , ' LL^Z£i facturers in the Unl-
'*"'' States. No Quacks
l-^BSKffiy^p.SKr connected with in. 3
//j\V£2»ii4Pr"^it\ C6tabll?hment.
Cf ir^_ ■' ■* ■ C 7" For Particulars
-'tJh — call or send 2c tn
TV* stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel.' S. P.
KljllDfl- HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
k&at&Sr Five hundred, reward for any
I^^* «™fl caae we cannot cure. This secret
1_- *__J remedy stops all losses , in 24
kS? I IS3 hours, cures Emissions, lmpo-
iTJTl •"•' STlll te , nc . Varicocele. Gonorrhoea.
mm taw 1 Uleet. Fits. Strictures. Lost
; wRW_JKm Manhood and all wasting effects
t— S ■■ *:" -_l of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed,- 12 bottle; 3 bottle*. $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 868 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All private
diseases (julckly cured. -Send tor free bock, -
ing last night the preliminaries were par
tially decided upon, and it only required
the co-operation of a few outside parties
to make the affair presentable for final
adjustment, when it will be embodied
into a set of rules.
To Open the Triduum.
Rev. Alexander I*. Doyle, editor of
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circu-
lars giving full information regarding special advantages, rates, man-
ner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
!; "Pass of the Oaks"— .]|
\ twenty-five miles from \
i 1 ocean — where the beau- r
i| tiful Salinas Valley runs
\> into the foothills. Moun-
I tain ozone makes health-
I I ful atmosphere for the
\ sick.
: Paso Robles
;| for Health,
\r Numerous cottages are !
\ dotted about grounds
/ . where invalids and con-
'! valescents in calm re- j
I I pose recover their wont-
]! Ed health.
! | OTTO E. NEVER. Prop., City Office,
Paso Robles, Gal. 636 Market St. ;!
../ETNA SPRINGS..
No fog nor mosquitoes, but
sunshine, bracing air and
mineral waters that banish
rheumatism and bladder and
kidney troubles.
Rates, $10 to $14 per week; S. P. to St. He-
lena at 7 a. m. or 4 p. m.; private rig to
springs: round trip, $7. Apply W. L. MITCH-
ELL, Aetna Springs, Napa Co., or J. 11. SIMP-
SON, I. O. O. F. building, San Francisco.
¥ i Vendome. 1$
\ \\ In San Jose is the start* \
\_A\ ing point for visitors to _];
IT* LICK OBSERVATORY. 3 |
| ~ It is one of the most celebrated Tg .
I fashionable resorts on the coast. §
I Send for little book that tells all
about the great Observatory.
I] GEO P. SNELL. Wgr, 1
I j San Jose, Cal. ■ -j
)fj j _____ ll— ■■■■! f V^ r FO £
nans i HOT springs. — This
IJflUn IV I I beautiful summer and
I HilHillll winter resort. now
I nlinivU owned and managed by
DR. J. PERRAULT, who as resident physi-
cian, will devote his entire Time to the welfare
of hi* guests, whether sick or well. Is situated
150 miles south of San Francisco, In the Coast
Ranr» Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
The climate Is soft and balmy and free from
lose. Soda, sulphur and Iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths: delightful grounds:
comfortable hotel: annex and cottages: good
hunting and fishing: grand scenery*, lovely j
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
cupying entire cottages, or Invalids cr others
remaining more than one month. Trains daily
from Third and Townsend st. depot. 9 a, m.
(Pullman to Eoledad, thence seven ■ miles by
stage to Paralso.) Round trip, $8. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
r»lso Springs, or city office. 836 Butter «t.. S. F.
PLfINTATION HOUSE.
EIGHTEEN MILES FROM CAZADERO. ON
stage line. Good trout fishing, plenty fruit,
cream and milk; free conveyance for parties of
two or more: grand redwood scenery. Address
J LUTTRINGER. Seavlpw, Sonoma County,
or apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St., S. F., for
particulars.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPUANTV UXE-
qualed soda and magnesia springs; baiM;
furnished cottages. Terms, $10 to $12. Buy
through tickets. Send for circular. Q. HOW-
ELL, Hopland, Cal.
riDICRII) Most- beautiful spot In Lake i
VAnLODAIf County. The mineral springs
are famous for marvelous cures when all else
failed, especially In stomach, liver, kidney and
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
110 per ■ week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
deer hunting. "Write W. R. McGOVERN.
Carlsbad, Lake County. .. •
SAMUHL SODA SPRINGS.
JR. MORRIS. PROP., NAPA COUNTY.
• Cal. Sure cure for dyspepsia, Indigestion, ;
rheumatism and constipation: hot mineral
baths. These springs are located in Napa
County, 20 miles east of St. Helena. The water
Is bottled at the springs and contains Its own
natural gas. Stage leaves St. Helena. .
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswlck, Sisklyou County, Cal.)
FINEST FISHING AND HEALTH RESORT
on the coast. Climate perfect. For parti-
culars apply to EDSON BROS.. Proprietors.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
LOS GATOS, CAL.— STRICTLY FIRST
class; renovated throughout; lovely sur-
roundings; new management. JOHN NEVILL,
Proprietor. • .
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms; good
boating on lake; boats free to guests; prices
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; special rates for
Jamilles. > W. J. McDONALD. Manager.,
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL .
CLIMATE, SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
■ none better In. Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out. H. WAMBOLD.
JOHANMSBERG.
FAMILY UESOItT • AND . OUTI.NU PLACE
. In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount !
Veeder, 8100 feet Large lake, boating, swim- :
ming, hunting, fishing. Terms. $6 to 510 per '
week. Send for circulars. JOHANNISBERO
RESORT. Oakville. Napa County. Cal.
BLUB LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET
homelike manner, with one of the best
tables In the county; $10 to $12 per week. Round
trip, $9EO. S. F. and N. P. to Uklah; thence by
stage. Address J. .WILSON, Bertha, L*J«.9
County, C*l. •- - - .--■
the Catholic World, will open the solemn
triduum to be held at St. Peter s Church,
corner of Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, at 7:30 o'clock next Thursday
night Father Doyle is an old Parishioner
of St. Peter's and a graduate of Old bX-
Mary's College, and his many friends v. ill
be delighted at an opportunity to hear
him. He will leave on Friday next for a
trip through the P^ast.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
Fop your summer outing.
Best golf grounds in the State.
H Unequaled fishing, sailing, cycling,
hunting, bathing, etc.
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street
BAN FRANCISCO.
Region
With Its
HOMELIKE RESORTS
AND CHARMING
CAMPING RETREATS
SWEET BRIER CAMP. CRAO VIEW CAMP.
THE CELEBRATED TAVERN OF CASTLH
CRAG.
UPPER SODA SPRINGS. SHASTA SPRINGS.
SHASTA RETREAT.
SISSON. MOUNT SHASTA CAMP.
McCXOUD RIVER RESORTS.
A VAST DOMAIN OF SCENIC BEAUTY AND
GRANDEUR.
LOW EXCURSION RATES.
For further Information, illustrated folders,
etc., apply at the SOUTHERN PACIFIC COM-
PANY'S Ticket Office. 61S Market st. (Grand
Hotel).
SKAGGS'HOTSPRINGS
SONOMA COUNTY: ONLY 4V* HOURS
from San Francisco and but C miles' stag-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
catnral bath in State; swimming and boating;
grand mountain scenery; good trout streams at
door;' photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, dally mail and express; FIRST-CLAS3
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE; morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only 15 80. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:31
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms. $2 a day or $18 %
week. References, any guest of the past four
years. Patronage constantly Increasing — last
year unprecedented. J. F. MTJLGREW, Prop.
Byron Hot Springs
RHEUMATISM
Cured by the l-Jot Mineral Batbs.
There Is Nothing LIKe Them Khowq.
Address A. BETTONS, at the springs, or
call on LOMBARD & CO.. agents, room
SO. tPA Geary yt. .
SARATOGA SPRINGS, asv
Up In tbe mountains, near the
lakes and in tbe heart of Lak.e
County's mineral belt. Take
train via Ukialj-
ROUND TRIP. 50.
J. MABTENS, Prop — City Office, 416 Pine Btreet.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS
R ROBERTSON. FOR THE PAST FIVE
•years at Paralso Springs, Proprietor and
Manager.
Baths and water an ABSOLUTE CURE for
Rheumatism, Kidney, Liver and Stomach
Trouble.
! Trains leave Third and Townsend streets
dally 9 a. m. and 2:45 p. m.
For pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO QUESTS. FINE FTBH-
ing. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truckee, In the heart of tho
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent- trees of
an unbroken forest. The ideal spot for families
because It Is clean, no poison oak, no pens.
And pure air and pure water. Address MRS
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
OTItN FOR THE SEASON APRIL i. AM- .
pie accommodations in hotel; also in new
cottages, Just completed^
" MRS. f\. T. /VIOORE. .
BELVEDERE.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
■m. -stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A MOST DELIGHTFUL
summer home. Every modern convenience.
In and out door sports. Forty-five minutes from
San Francisco. Talle under personal care of.
MRS. M. MERRY, Proprietor.
FERNDALE SPRINGS RESORTS nt 3S£E
ing spot, rest, heath; perfect atmosphere; train
to Martinez, stag- to hotel. Office 630 Market.
A FEW SUMMSR BOARDERS taken on a
fruit farm 2 nlleß from Callstoga and rail-
road station; beautiful shade; home cooking;
good rooms; *6 per week and up. ' Address
MRS. S. SMITH. Callstoga. Napa Co..Cal.
MANZ/ANITA Station, near Mill Valley— l or 4
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzantta /ilia. '
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During; Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting lh»
country, seaside or springs during; the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for rweek or longer by prepaying for sam)
at fie Business Office or by order through
carrier.
/ ...TERMS...
If Cents pep Week
65 Cents.. ...............per Month
-POSTAGE PlfEfAlD.
1 - ' m -- --■-;•:*Guents in the Sporting Tl/orld.
OPENING OF
LADIES' GOLF
TOURNAMENT
Contests for George
Crocker Cup.
GALA SCENES AT DEL MONTE
SOCIETY AT THE LINKS IN
NUMBERS.
Almost Every Club of Any
Prominence in Northern and
Southern California Rep
resented.
Special Dispatch m Th<> Call.
PEI, MONTE, Aug. 21.— The social side
of the athletic meet at this resort was
fully opened to-day. The ladies' golf con
■ • i;.-..rg.> Crocker cup opened at
this morning. Nothing beyond the
qualifying rounds were attempted to-day,
r< quired 1 longer t Ime than
usual because each player in makin
1 n holes had to go over the c mrse
The players star:»-d in •■:
T wo. .is is usual in tournameni play. Miss
M. ]j. ku\v .if the Burllngame Club and
Miss Jarecki of New York leading off, tol
as quicklj aa was possible by the
other players. There wen twenty-four en
st being ■!" n to all.
ompetitors repr< irly every
■ ■ club in Northern and Southern
California, as well as some more distant
ones. The entries were: Mis- M. 1.. Rowe,
vi-s Jarecki, New York;
Mis- Carolan, Mrs. W. P. Fuller. San
Isco Miss Caro Crockett, San Ma-
Mrs, c. R. Winslow San Francisco;
■ Duff, Mrs. E. I. Silent. Los
• -. Miss Edith Mcßean, San Fran-
Miss Mary Scott, Burlingame: Mis-;
Mhoon. Oakland; Mrs. w. w. F.ovett. Los
- Miss Ethel K. Patton, San Fran-
Mrs. Charles Monroe, Los Ang
• Maud Mullins, San Francisco; Mrs.
T. D Los Ai geles; Miss Nora
\Vilshire. !."s Angeles; Mrs. John Cun
im. Sa;i Francisco; Mlse C Carolan,
Mrs H. T. Scott. Bur
tne; Miss Lillie O'Connor. San Fran-
Miss Taylor. Oakland; Miss <;. Car
:■'!!. Miss Emily Hager, San Francisco.
The qualifying rounds were medal play,
and the scores made in these decided each
■■ s handicap in the final competi
.l. A. Folger "f the Oakland Golf
'!>;!>. who is man. icing the tournament for
Mr. Cracker, acted as official scor>-r. Al
though the day was quite warm many
■ followed the players over the field
and greeted inch good stroke with ap
.!!y was this the case
ivhen Miss Mcßean reached the ninth hole
ithers, and hjjr expert ap
roach won the hearty cheers of all.
Th>- play was rather slow at first, owing
' the fact that many of the players had
before slaved over this course, and
I drove Qver the fence from the
irst tee: but throughout the day the play
ivas good.
To-day's qualifying scores, being the r<-,.
:al of both rounds, are:
Miss Rowe 114. Miss Jarecki 11*. Miss
121, Mis? Mcßean 123, Mrs. Scott 125,
\!rs. Winslow 125 Miss Crockett 12.". M:-.
Monroe 127, Miss Mullins 127, Mrs. Fullf-r
> 131. Miss Carolan 135.
r 135, Mrs. Cunningham 141.
■ ■ itton 1-*^.
Although- the tennis tournament was
inished on Sunday many cracks will r»
■nnir. over this week, and some g"od
■natches are being planned. This morn
\c a notable as well n? an exciting match
ayed on th* main court, and many
itors witnessed the affair. C. A.
Baldwin of San Francisco played against
i Melville Johnson of London. The
rnely contested, both men
ticking some clever strokes. The driving
-Mm- preferable to Knglishmen was
: tnroughout two sets. In the after
the tWI COUrtS W> re use,] aim Ist
■ stantly. Among the most prominent
men players noticed were Joseph
fobin and H. E. Scott, both of San Fran
• match, while other
|i ■> ed the courts were
Douglas Grant, Leon Roos, Nelson Shaw
»nd 1.. L. Argu.ello. Miss Caro Crockett,
who was i:i the golf tournament this
Tiorning, enjoyed a game of tennis this
kett. it is said, will
. entei the ladies' singles tourna-
September. Miss Edith Mcßean.
golf enthusiast as well as a lover
played against Miss Crockett.
• ning Ladies Golf Tournament
A great deal of interest Is being taken
■ n which is to occur here
_■ .-• .4 'Die r.urlingnme players
ne already and are practicing each
lay for the event. Last night a special
irrived. upon which were the polo
■ onies fr'>m the Santa Barbara club. The
m wili arrive to-morrow. The
Is at the racetrack are in good
lor and everything is in readiness
'or the match between the Burlingame |
i.l Rl -ins.
Among the Northern California players
who were practicing this morning were:
Martin. Frank Carolan. Walter
■• and William Whlttier. Mohan is
■ laying in his old-time form. His ponies.
■ forty In number, are all well
ike ;it all timrs perfect
r, Carolan and
Martin also di good work. .-Mid the team
from Burlingame expeci to carry off the
Messr Maud and Bettner of'
■.;.■ ■■•' •'■ Ei stland and Stillwell of j
2 :mt-a Barbara, who will play in the
Southern California team, will arrive here
to-morrow.
AMERICAN WINS.
Clarence Hobart Captures!
the Tennis Champion
ship of Germany.
HOMBURG, Aug. XL— Most of the finals
Internationa] tennis tournament
hf-r*> wer<- played to-day, and were wlt
: by the largest crowd of specta
• at has rv. r gathered on the courts,
the prominent persons present
was <he Duke of Cambridge. A feature of
•- v.ms the extraordinarily
brilliant play of the American. Clar-
Flobart. who defeated A. W. Gore In
thp final for the r-lampionship of Ger
many b I, 6-tO.
in the final gentlemen's double the
Brothers Doherty defeated Hobart and
■; ; 7■ 5, 7 si. In the final for
lies' championship of Germany Miss
Cooper i>ea> the Countess yon Schulen-
i i irq bj 7 5, 6 i. In the final champion-
RhJp of Europe Dohertj gave H. S. Ma
. a walk-over.
Th> tournament was conduced to-day
before a brilliant gathering. Hobart enn
iimi-d !ii> victorious ca-eer. After de
feating Gore he beat Mafcbney, tne holder
of the' championship of Germany in LB9B,
; two, the sbre being B—6,8 — 6,
s • ]ii. I2r 10, 6 B" and B—6. Kobart won af
. ni'is; brilliant match ever seen
in thf Homburg' courts. . pmying ■ won
l. rful Kanio. especially in the third love
ompletely smothering Mahoney. The
Dake of Cambridge distributed the prize*.
Ing the victorl be said he
was glad to -•• such a fine game again
so popular.
■ ♦ > —
A Joint Autopsy.
r Zabala h.-kl nn autops> yesterday
afternoon upon the body of John Red
mond, who riled on the steamer Peru last
Sunday morning. Parts oi tht organs
were reserved for examination hi th*; bae
leiioloKisi of tin Board of Heal*. There
were present al the autopsy Coraier Hill.
Federal Ouarantine offl<-<r Klnyo*i. State
Quarantine Offlcor Conn, Dr. O'Nsll sur
?eon of th«- Peru; Dr. Mattepon bf the
Marine Hospital and Dr. Murphy of the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company.
■ ♦ ■
Aged Woman Burned. \
NEWMAN, Aug. 21.— Mrs. Sarah Simp- |
son. ac'l 63, wai fatally burned thHaft-j
frnoor. Her clothing became Ignited from
v gasoline stove. ' \ •
MISS ELMORE
CROWNED QUEEN
OF THE REGATTA
Interesting: Event at
Astoria.
GOOD BOAT RACING HELD
1 DR. DENNTS OF THIS CITY DOES
FINE WORK.
I After a Most Exciting Contest He
Finishes Even in Outrigger
Skiff Race With S. J.
Pembroke.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA. Or., Aug. 21.— The weather
has been simply abominable to-day, and
the downpour seriously Interfered with
the programme which had been arranged
for the opening day's aquatic sports. De
spite this drawback, great .crowds came
to the city this morning, and the grand
stand and adjacent wharves were black
with people when the first event of the
day was announced. The coronation exer
cises were postponed until this evening,
when Miss Elmore was crowned at the
regatta ball. The queen, attended by the
maids of honor, entered the ballroom
shortly before 9 o'clock. Her Majesty
was then escorted to the throne, where
Admiral Day placed the crown upon her
brow. Mayor Bergman delivered an ad
dress oty welcome, which was responded
to by Governor Oeer.
Conditions being unfavorable for fast
time for the races, the great race between
the British Columbia four-oared crew and
the Alamedas was postponed until to
morrow. The personnel of the British
Columbia crew is as follows:
Richard Splnks, bow: Thompson, for
ward waist; George Seymour, afterwalst;
11. Alexander, stroke.
The first event called was the junior
outrigger skiff race. There were two
contestants l>-wi.- of the Alameda
Club and E. E. Sternberg of the Ariel
Club. Lewis seemed to have the best of
it coming home, but the boats were side
by side until the dtakeboat was rounded.
With half a mile to go, Lewis let himself
out and gradually drew away from Stern
berg, winning by four lengths.
Trie senior outrigger skiff race then fol
lowed. The contestants in the first heat
were: S. J. Pembroke of the Alamedas,
Dr. C. C. Dennis of the South Ends and
Patton of the Portland Rowing Club. The
water was not as smooth as the" men
would have had it. but they started off at
a terrillc pace. Pembroke and Dennis
soon outdistanced Patton and came home
bow and bow. First Pembroke's skiff
was a few inches ahead and then Dennis
took a slight ad. It was anybody' race
excepting Patton, who was twenty lengths
behind. Pembroke and Dennis crossed
the line at precisely the same moment
and the man behind the megaphone an
nounced a dead heat. The time for the
distance, a mile and a half, was 14 min
utes 49 seconds. A very strong tide was
running and the time was excellent con
sidering conditions.
When the second heat was announced
the tide had slackened. Ayres of Ala
niedas and Foley of the South Ends were
the contestants. The men were well to
gether until the last quarter of a mile
when Ayres took the lead and finished a
length ahead. The time was 13 minutes
37 1-5 seconds. The final will be rowed off
to-morrow.
Then the junior four-oarded barge race
was run. The University of California
boys and a crew of two men from San
Francisco and two from Portland were
entered. The picked crew had never seen
each other before this regatta, but they
proved too much for the Varsity boys,
who finished a length behind. The dis
tance was covered in 10 minutes 45 sec
onds.
The double pleasure boat race, entries,
to which were confined to members of the
Astoria Rowing Club, resulted in a vic
tory for Paul Trulllnger and Park*' Up
shur. who defeated John Young and
Charles Abercrombie, The boats fouled
twice.
The free-for-all sloop race, in which four
yachts entered, developed into, the most
exciting event of the day. The pretty
part of the race was the rescue of tho
crew of the yacht Blue Jacket by the Fort
Stevens life-saving crew. The Blue
Jacket had gone only about 750 yards
when she capsized, hut all hands were
saved. The Pearl also capsized and the
yachtsmen were picked Up. The White
Wings also met with an accident. Her
jib was carried away. The Dauntless was
th<» only vessel which sailed the race
without accident, and she finished with a
little natch of canvas fifteen minutes
ahead, of the White Wings. Four of the
twenty-footers started and three of them
finished. The fishing boats rode safely
through the gate, the winning boat, the
property of Mr. Gussnung. covering the
course in only 15 minutes 3S seconds' more
than the winner of the yacht race. The
cannery tender race was quite exciting.
The Alice won, the Frank Sanborn get
ting second place. The programme was
Interspersed with many other lesser but
Interesting events, one of which was the
Indian canoe contest. Brewer of San
Francisco easily won the swimming race
and later gave an exhibition of high and
fancy diving.
O'BRIEN DEFEATS
JACK DOWNEY
Result of a Fierce Contest Before the
Coney Island Sporting Club in
New York.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.- -At the Coney
Island Sporting Club to-night Jack
< >'Brlen of New York whipped Jack
Downej of Brooklyn, In the nineteenth
round, after a fierce btruggle, In which
the New Yorker <lid all the heavy work.
O'Brien received a terrible blow In the
right eye in the seventh round and the
eye was almosi useless during the re
mainder of the bout. Downey was stub
born and frequently violated the rules by
hugging and clinching, but th<> referee al
lowed Elm to go on until he was knocked
out. Downey was knocked down three
tim»-s In tin? eighteenth and came up for
the nineteenth round stupid, and was
soon done, fur.
Buys a Race Track.
SAX 1-TIS OBISPO, Aug. 21.— Ex-State
Senator G -ge Bteele bid In the San Luis
Obispo racei rack for $10,000, which was
sold to satisfy a mortgage held against
the Park Association.
. ♦ ■
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Spventh utreet, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
WATCH THE DOME OF THE CALL BUILDING.
I £ EEP your eye on the dome of the tallest structure in town. If
*^sv you do so, you will know exactly when the transport Sher
man has reached the homestretch and is about to enter the harbor.
Immediately after the ship is sighted by the Merchants' Exchange
The Call will send up from the dome of its building a box kite, the
same as used by the United States Weather Bureau. Attached to
this kite will be a sixteen-foot flag, which will be sent to a point
300 feet above the dome, thus making it 615 feet from the ground.
This will be of sufficient height to be seen not only by the resi
dents of San Francisco, but also by those of the neighboring towns.
Every one will thus have the promptest kind of notification, and
can make his or her preparations accordingly for participating in
the welcome to "the boys.*' Be sure to keep your eve on the dome.
THE SAN FRA^y CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22. 1899.
MISS SUE ELMORE, WHO REIGNS AT ASTORIA
SPEEDY DOGS
DRAWN FOR THE
MIDWEEK STAKE
Union Park Arranges
a Good Card.
Contrary to its usual custom of holding
midweek coursing on Thursday, the Union
Park people will run off a sixty-four-dog
stake to-morrow. This course was decid
ed on atthe last meeting of the club, as
a majority of its patrons are anxious to
greet the California boys on their ar- |
rival In this city. -/. '-V-.
According to experts the drawing last
night resulted in the best midweek stake
in the history of the park. The grey
hounds chosen for the events are consid
ered the finest on the coast for a reserve
stake. It is expected the talent will have !
its hands full trying to pick a winner, as i
the dogs are evenly matched. Sixty-four I
speedy dogs are pitted against each other,
and as the hares are running strong some
keen sport will surely result. The prizes
offered are large and tempting. The win
ner will receive (60, the runner-up $40, the
r.ext two will land $20 each, the next four
$12 50, the next eight $7 50 and the next
sixteen $2 50 each. The rundown will be
Inaugurated at 11 o'clock Wednesday
morning. The cars of the San Mateo
Electric Railway Company go direct to
the park. Following is the result of last
night's drawing:
Dave Cronin's Swlnnerton vs. F. Jones' Moon
light. J. Perry's Commodore Nash vs. P. Mc-
Cabe's Honey Boy: W. C. Glasson's Terronite
vs. J. Ronnlng's (names) Dempsey I^iss; D.
J. Healy's Maggie N VS. J. P Thrift's Forgive;
J. Dennis' (names) The Devil vs. W. 11. Jones'
Lady Marlon: .1. HoM»n's (names) Scottish
ii!.' vs. F. Brown's Sweet Briar; F. A. Mc-
Comb's < ii.-in vs. J. Seggerson's White Chief;
.1 McCormick's White Tip vs. Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Lady Herschel; 11. A. Deckelman's
ret Klrby vs. Handy £ Smith's Victor; J.
Jones' Galivant vs. Pasha Kennels' Rest Ah
sured; W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome vs. T.
Hall's Nonpareil; E. Wilson* (names) Mac
netla vs. R. E. <!•" B. Lopez's (names) Wlnona);
J. MeCormick's Woodbine vs. .1. Perry's Black
Chief: R. E. de B. Lopez's Banner Bearer vs.
J. Ronning's (names) Kerry Gow; A. i.. Aus
tin's Firm Foe vs. J. F. Halton's Tie 'la ;
A. Massey's Hot Stuff vs., F. A. MeComb's
Little Joker; J. P. Thrift St Michael vs.
Xi, Herhst's (names) Revolver:. George Bushn's
(names) Monogram vs. Handy (c Smith's
Dauntless; W. H. Jones' Rustan vs. D. J.
Healy's Day spring; J. Seggerson's Gold Hill
vs. .1. Bradshaw's Hazel Dell; D. Forbes'
Bonlta vs. J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste; J. .1.
Edmund's Morning Glory vs. J. Dennis'
(names) October Woodcock; J. P. Farley's Cash
Day vs. S. B. Portel's Laurel wood; T. Hall's
Annie Laurie vs. Ed. Wilson's Magnet; F. A.
McComb's Miss Skyrocket vs. J. Dickson's
Black Bess; William Creamer's Jesse Moore vs.
P. J. Rellly's Still True; A. Masaey'a Hadi
wist vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Santa Rita; W.
C. Glasson's Border Valentine vs. R. \v
Wright's Nancy R: P. .1. Reilly's Wandering
Tom vs. I' McCabe's Sky Blue; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Bonnie Scotland vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's
Quiver; J. Dean's Belle of Anderson vs. T. J.
Harrington's (names) Lord Marmion; stf-ri &
Knowl'R Wag (Imported) vs. Fred Price's
(names) Madge Wildfire.
TO DOCK SHAMROCK.
Preparations Being Made to Put the
Yacht on the-Ways.
NKYV YORK. Auk. 21.- The next rares
between the Columbia and the Defender
will be sailed September 2. 4 ami H off
Newport.
The Krin and Shamrock went to Erie
rtasin this morning:, where thp Erin whs
drydocked and the Shamrock moored to
a pier. As Boon as the Shamrock was
made fast to the pier a steam derrick
went alongside and lifted off tier main
boom gaff, topmast and square sailyard.
The Shamrock's chronometers were sent
ashore to-day, and by noon to-morrow
she will be stripped of every ounce of su
perfluous weight. She will go into the
dock Wednesday.
AT THE TARGET.
SAN JOSE. Aug;. .21.— The San Jose
Rifle Club, which was recently organized
here. h«'ld its initial shoot yesterday. It
resulted as follows:
First class— Dr. Schumacher, V>~; J. F'ournie
388 <;. Keffel, 379; F. Schumacher. 374; E.
HllbbactC, 848; T (J. McMillan, 3;.9; R. Rob
erts X2.V
Becona class— M. Schmidt, 359: R. j. Wi^ht.
512 j Riechera, 289; W. G. Klint, xTO.
T'linl (-lass— J. Kerwin. 1S1 ; A. C. Weber, 188;
K. Butler, 162.
Awards were as follows:
First c Irss. medal— Dr. P. Schumacher.
Second class, medal— M. Schmidt.
Thinl class, medal— J. Kr-rwin.
First hest shot, medal— .l. Rlecherp.
Last best shot, medal— W. <;. Flint.
OLYMPICS FORM
FOOTBALL TEAM
FOR THE SEASON
Thomas Code Elected
the Captain.
The Olympic Club is first nn the football
field this year. Last night a score of en
thusiastic gridiron athletes met in the
club building, and in a two-hour session
elected a captain and a manager for the
ensuing year. Tom Code will conduct the
destini.s of the winged O on the Held.
while Leon GreenebaGm will look out for
the managerial end of things.
The nie.tjtig was called to order by
Percy Morse, the most capable haifbacK
that ever wore the <>lympic colors. <;ath
ered about the secretary's table were ivte
Smith, captain of last years eleven: M<--
Nevin, Wilson, Stew-art Cotton, formerly
captain of Stanford varsity's team:
Sheeny, Le Ballister, Heller. Blame,
Hobbs, Krskine, Atkinson. Hamilton. Hel
ler. Code, Leader John Hammersmith, Me-
Lalne, George James and a few other ath
letes who will train for positions on the
Olympic club team. Several of the old
players. Smith. Sheeny and Morse, made
speeches, and after the gridiron celebri
ties « i re sufficiently aroused by the glow
ing prospects of a successful season the
balloting began.
Early in the season Pete Smith was a
candidate for the captaincy, but he with
drew last night in favor of Code, who
was unanimously chosen as the field
leader of the team. Code has been play
ing quarterback on the Olympic eleven
ever since he graduated from Stanford nn
1895. He is one of thf cleverest quarters
on the coast, and has practically cap
tained every team he has played on for
the last six years, his position necessitat
ing the giving of signals.
The new manager. Leon Oreenebaum. is
an arrlent admirer of the gridiron sport
and possesses strong financial ability. He
is the son of Sig Greenebaum, manager of
the London. Paris and American Bank,
and for many years has managed organiz
ations of an athletic nature.
The Olympic team will begin training in
two weeks. Their gridiron work will be
done in the armory riding ring on Pacific
street, near Larkin. Preliminary training
will commence at once, consisting of gym
nasium exercises. As soon as the team i
goes into systematic training and prac
tice a table will be established at the |
club. This will continue until the end of
th% season, when the team may go East!
if present plans do not miscarry.
The material from which the Olympics !
may pick a team this season was never'
better. Stewart Cotton is a host In him-
Belf and there is a strong likelihood that
Charles Fickert. another Stanford caY- ;
tain, will don the Olympic uniform this i
fall. Every indication of an exceptionally
strong team is apparent in the personnel!
of the candidates.
HIGH PRICED GAME.
A Hunter in Santa Clara Heavily I
Fined for Killing a Doe.
Santa <"'lam County has taken a splendid
stand in the matter of enforcing the game,
laws <>f the State. Last week, according
to the Information received t>y the Fish
and Game commission, one of her Jus- ■
tlcea of the Peace sentenced a person to!
one of the heaviest fines ever imposed in '
the county for killing; a female doer. Joe:
Jugim of San Francisco went into that
county last week and shot a doe. As soon
as the name warden there learned of the
offense he swore out a warrant for the ar
rest of the fellow, who was taken before
Justice Wallace Of San Jose and sen
tenced to pjay a line of $2TiO or be im
prisoned in the County Jail for fifty days.
The Information received here is that the
fine was paid after much trouble to the
man convicted.
<in two other occasions similar fines
were imposed, but under different clrcum-
Btances. A man whose disregard for the
law was so deep seated that he deliber
ately shot two deer near Bartlett Springs
was fined $250 for each offense, and he
took both cases to the Supreme Court to
have the constitutionality of the law
tested After he had paid out several :
thousand dollars in fighting the cases he ,
was obliged to acknowledge that the law |
against killing deer out of season or doe j
at any time was constitutional.
The commissioners state that by the |
time a few more hunters are thus fined
for breaking the laws the general commu
nity will awake to a realization that game
killed out of season, etc., comes too high
for the majority.
GOOD PRIZE FIGHT.
A. Herrera Defeats Billy de Coursey I
in Fifteen Rounds.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21.— A. Herrera
of Bakersfleld defeated Billy de Coursey j
of this city in the fifteenth round of what j
was to have been a twenty-round boxing
contest here to-night. De Coursey's sec
onds threw up the sponge, but their man
was already down and all but counted
out. Herrera weighed more than De
Coursey and was the stronger man
throughout. In the fourteenth round he
had De Coursey on his knees four times
and he stayed down the limit each time.
It was a hard-fought battle all the way i
through. The men are lightweights. The
Bghi took place before the new Southern
California Athletic Club.
Young Peter Jackson of San Francisco
and Jim Trimble of this city were
matched to a contest before the Los An
geles Athletic Club on September 8 at 152
pounds.
At Zinkand's.
Zlnknnd's 1» the S. F. headquarters for col
lege men. • 1
LEAPED TO DEATH
FROM DECK OF
A FERRY-BOAT
; Tragic Suicide on the
Oakland.
VICTIM'S IDENTIY UNKNOWN
Mysterious Man Probably Twenty-
Two Years of Age Seeks a
Watery Grave Close to
Goat Island.
In full view of hundreds of passengers,
a young and unknown man leaped to
death from the deck nf tho ferry-boat Oak- '
land. His action was premeditated and
deliberate, and he immediately disap
peared, leaving nothing except the hat
which he wore to furnish a clew for iden
tification.
The Oakland was on her C o'clock trip
from San Francisco to the Oakland mole. |
There were hundreds ol 1 pie on board
and many of them crowded forward on
the lower deck, eager to make a hasty
landing when the vessel entered the slip:
In the crowd was a young man. well !
dressed, smooth shaven and apparently |
about 2J years of age. He attracted no ,
I particular attention and spoke to no one. !
, When the Oakland had nearly pained
. Goal Island the man edged his way Lo
j t'ne front of the crowd, ducked under the
[ rope which was stretched across the deck.
placed his hands above his head and dived
. from the moving boat into the bay.
The many who were witnesses to the
tragic act were powerless to Intervene.'
It was all over in an instant. Just as the '■
. man struck the water he uttered a cry.
anil sinking, appeared to have been drawn
j under the boat. There was a scene of I
I wild commotion on deck immediately
; after the deed had been committed, and
] several of the woman passengers fainted
'at the sight. The boat was stopped with
I all possible speed and a small boat low
ered, but the searchers were only reward- !
ed with the recovery of the suicide's hat. [
No trace of the man himself could be i
1 found.
STEEPLECHASE
AT SARATOGA A
RANK FARCE
Horses Fall at the
Jumps.
Special Disrat.-h to The Call. .
SARATOGA. N. V., Aug. 21.— The stee-
I plpohasp to-day was a chapter nf acci
! dents. Thrpp went down on the first jump.
Threp Forks, Stoffel and Becky Rolph.
! Three Forks. Stoffel and Becky Rolfe.
liffe. Injuring him Internally and breaking
his collar-bone. Dayton remounted Becky
Rolfp and went the course, finishing
! fourth. Stoffel struck himself and
I limped across the field. On the upper wall
Moxley tumbled oft Populist, the favorite;
just why remains to be explained. The
stewards announced that both he and
Squthwood. who rode Mr. l>unlap, had
been suspended, and the entries of Popu
list and Mr. Dunlap or any horses belong
ing to their respective owners. M. J. Malo
ney and C. W. Penninßton. would be re
fused in the future: and the matter was
referred to the Steeplechase Association.
Results:
Six furlongs— Marito won. Nearest second,
Miss S..nk third. Time. 114' 2 .
Five furli'nps Anna Bain won. Lady Mas-
M y s.->'-,inii, Reseda third. Time. 1 01%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Marito won, Estaca
! second. Sunup third. Timf. 1:»S' 2 .
Six furlongs- Lieutenant Gibson won. Colo
nel Roosevelt second. Clales third. Time, 1:15.
Short course steeplechase Article won. Red
Hackle second. Mr. Dunlap third. Time not
I taken.
ST. LOFTS. An*. 21.— The feature at the
I Fair Grounds to-day was trip fifth event, a
handicap at six furlong?, which Loving Cup,
| a second choice, won easily. The weather was
pleasant and the track fast. Results:
on? mile—Fervor won, Klsme second, Ran
som third. Time. 1:42<- 4 .
SeUiiiK. one mile and a sixteenth- Fight Bel!.;
won Baaquil second, Forget Not third. Time,
1 :4fti-..
S.-lllng. six furlongs, two-year-olds— Felix
Hard we in. Dinornis second, Silent Friend third.
Time. 1:1.V 4 .
Six furlonc 5 Miss Bramble won, Capron sec
ond. Imp- Mint Sauce third. Time. I:l4>*.
Handicap, six furlongs- Loving Cup won,
Cotton Plant scend, Harry Floyd third. Time,
1:15.
nne mile— Banish won, Eitholin second. Sir
Rolla third. Time, 1:42» 4 .
DETROIT, Mich.. Aug. tl.— The fourth race
at Highland Park to-day furnished the feature
of to-day's racing, Aurea nosing out Shrove
Tuesday and Lamp 'llobe in onp of the closest
Onlshea ever seen on a racetrack. Weather
Cloudy und pleasant ; traik fast. Results:
Seven and a half furlongs, selling— Jessie
Jarr.o won. Tony Honlg second, ''harlotte M
third. Time. 1:85%.
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds, sell
ing— I.oft Bower won, Yuloeo second, Stites
third. Time. *8%.
One mile selling— Brother Fred won, Ohopin
second, Balvarse third. Time. \-av 2 .
Five furlongs. two-year-olda- Aurea won,
Shrove Tuesday second. Lamp Globe third.
Time, r.OHj-
One mile and a quarter, selling— Virgle O
wbn Kin second. Marntana II third. Time,
One mile, selling Skillman won. Allie Belle
second. Can I See 'Em third. Time. 1:41' 2 .
CHICAGO, Aug. 21 —Harlem's reopening to
day was characterized by insl time. Jolly
Roger ran a mile in 1:39%. The feature was
the fourth race, at a mile and a sixteenth.
John Baker led until nearly home. when
Srirano, the favorite, came fust and heat him
half a length, while Crocket was a close third.
Tonby picked up a stone and finished a lame
fourth. Weather clear; track fast. Results:
One mile— Latchkey won, Andes second. Imp.
Mistral II third. Time. 1:41 U.
Five furlongs— Thrive won, Erla dOr second.
Oeonee third. Time. 1:00%.
One mile— Jolly Roger won. Tullane second.
Tulla Fonso third. Time, 1:39%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Serrano won, John
Baker second, Crocket third. Time. 1:46%.
Mile and an eighth, selling- Plantain w.m,
Dogtown second, Rosavannah third. Time,
1:66%. "
Six furlongs, selling— Little Jack Homer won.
Tenole second. Free Hand third. Time, 1:14 V
GRAND CIRCUIT RACES.
READVILLE, Mass.. Aug. 21.— The I
grand circuit fixture for the Readville
mile track began this afternoon. The
track was fast and the attendance large.
Only one favorite reached winning money,
ana he did bo without giving the others a
chance. The Futurity event for three
year-olds, won by Idollta, 2:21 1 , i. was
faster than the favorite, Extacy, could
go, although the latter was booked to win :
even after two heats. Idolita each time i
dropped the field at the quarter and lead- ,
iva; ail around finished easily enough to
keep down his mark. Extacy managed ■
to get second in the first heat and was
likely in the third, but broke at the three- I
quarters.
With beautiful starts each time the race i
was one of the best for foals ever seen
o*n thi.s track. Idolita's share is $7500, and !
Mamie W.s $1700.
The Neponset stake had Hal B, 2:044, |
for the favorite, and as his mark was so
much better than the class it was not ;
suprising that he showed the way all I
around. In the third heat Montas I
Crookes, 2:09. came up to the finish in ■
pretty good tftyle and threatened to dis- i
pute the heat, but Hal B let out again I
and won by a length. Moth Miller did the (
best trotting of the field, for each time j
he was fourth to the three-quarters, i
where he forced Arlington and Castleton
so that they nad to slow up to keep their
feet. Miller would then aiow up on the
finish stretch, making Hal B's lead really ]
better than it need be, while in two heats | '
there was no horse to dispute with Miller '
the right to second place.
The 2:12 class pacing was won by Fair- '
view. 2:13 1 /j, an outsider, after Free Bond, '
2:ll 1 /5. the great favorite, had miserably '
failed to get inside the distance flag In '
the first heat. *
The 2:20 class trotting, which went ovar.
THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
t 7//^ Emporium's Special One-Day Sales. J
k ■ ■ ' - • • «,
fßm /Sw O&rw^^^ /G^T^wßtk srY^Y^S AKsi flMj^flHF
k fir jSnw ÜBimJßf JHwiP^ wlr ■" Je X^Jm Mwl M— SI H
k• - «
J /^br Tuesday Only. For Tuesday Only. . %
k T*lVf//Cl/ St - Vl ' sn Cashmjre Twilled Boys 0 " ®v S
IT 3 *-* —****.!-*. Flannel-., made of _^ ■* rt^^y i
j Flannels. ti n > Egyptian cot- Knee hTs^t *
k ton, pri itei in r.ett designs and rich «, nA^I V"V ♦
foorin^s, . j'st, f.-cm the maker, value r&ntSj \JI/f> Jst-~h>^ • *
■ k 10c a yard— o.i sale to-day only at. 7y,C 99 A I /fa£&n&!S& ♦
k : - " ■»«*»• I ♦
k » ... Th 3 b : g sto-e j^^Pfl^lllv}^ *
l Pr^->^ /^- r - Tuesday Only. offer; 35) pairs P^^ / W&i& 1
ilrn . Bleached os ■•■ to » h\\mMm// S
, » / \ _. -. years of age, 1 / \_li *
t SmS^T Toweling not cotton or «=* |O1 // I
k ktitil&ii&ii. , , • r,, , , shoi-iv roods, ==s^l T*l V, ' *
' •«'V/2n^ An.«cehntßleah 2 d bt Strict y all- . ♦
k 'li\ Jjr<^\ T ' we ' 5ne '- ] 8 lrch Hwool pants, in I 0 «
k MiiuFliirsr-*lrv)k wd 1 , h?avy qial-n-at, mdium » ' 2
* V" ik% l/ ! : 'WA ity twilled - neat colors an! all- <■
l' % ( l|jr/K^»h\ border Irishman- th;-ye«r-round weight, we 1 made with
1 A\W//I V^uf.cture,asplen-^ a - c " seams >•-• arly 50c paJr-for «
k. : : X^JU^^ did absorber,; for Tuesday only 33c «
ki TfiAU,- ■ »ol!era andkitch- _ • _.. *
[ __^JM!J len .towels, cur IP.- 1 . For l UCSd >V UtllV. «
k •' ' ard leader ' t0 ii <?-»# a Lai?3> Pure Linen 2!
t 4& ■• ■ dayo.,ly 7^C '««* # - »* . . ■ ...inch *
; ___ Handkerchiefs. Hem- *
k /^•■>r Tii,?<:,-} Dnhi s itched Handkerchiefs with vide lace
% rr I UesaaV UIUV. ■ . d , eS(f assorted patterns, a g^od value «
i $2m50 Q V i*fainS'°? ]6^ c each— 01 sic today only at ♦
\ for $1.85 pair. CS g/ ' /6 doz?r ' or ' each "■•"' /0 ° ?
k Cu ,t*.ins. 3v^\ aid) . ong, 64 inches wide, Rr* T>i/>s:d iv (lull) %
» two sp erdid ; attend one a Brussels and r LI l '-»e<>f*-iK VI I/. . *?
k one a he»vv Rerniismce efT-ct, re?u-[*6tf^ BSfi «
M larly $2.50 per pai —sale pietudv '"" . • »
j only $I.Bs Dinner *
I--"-- Set tor J^^-^Pb^j ?
J • For Tuesday Only. $7.25. (B§ss^lii§£b ♦
» MaShrOUC§€^S 2 ~> nvlope* vSemi-to cI in l s j«_ g flj^%«ii '•■ i'r&. r
k • nnd24 Decorated Din- ('- —^ ««
► Stationery . \\n ms Paper, ncr S-t; light • «
£ billet size of Hasbr..uck's Fine Station brown borders and colored sn-av of an- «
£ cry, in Superfn% Roy .l Linen. Royal tumn leaves undergla^d, 105 pieces, for <f
k English V lum and French Valour sto?k 12 person?, rjgularlv $12.50 set— on spy «
» — crsm, <-zu-e. am^th st, sapphire, rose ml sale to-day oily ..$7.25 *
k and hue tints — on spedil sieto-Hqv ~~~ ~~ :
» only, per box i7c For Tuesday Only. -v
* latest Half a dozen of the new- *
» ' For Tuesday Only. nk.fls^ est popular compositions J
» MUSIC. That retail regularly ?t J
, aattS o^^^ 35c each— sale t v i* day only ar. 2oc <#
• liVac/s gj^'/vff'^^ "Songs the Soldiers gang"— to-day .iOc «
» ***" |^_^i'fff(l LJ1125 "Won't You Take Me Back to Dixie"'. «
f3jf*SE fam» S~- ~ : 3& 20 c «>
'2S t* ' '-^^ "A \Ya'rmin ; 'Up in Dixie" (new ragK ; *
' &*£&. *^=^l ••Hy''Glr\ : s'a'winnef ' ; .V.V.V".V.V.V..2oc *
» No. 8 'Jilvan- fe^H^ -r^^" "Plantation Echoes"— (Cakewalk)... we *
' ized Wash Boi:tr-, aJ -"^- "Memories of the South" •. 20c <«
1 California make. Also «bout 200 piscis of entirely new *
| extra heavy galvanized iron, strongly music, no two alice, retailing regu- *
| riveted hand ; es, regular y $1.10 each— lar.y at sc— to-da/ only on sile at. ...
k special this day at 82c ■ *» c ♦
,'ffj • *
: The Sale of Belts, |
, The manufacturer's entire sann'e lin;— To-day and Wednesday, if '• : <£>
i quantity l&sts. . "*
1 Th?r-i were 1509 styles in the 'ot. no two alike, and the original retail prices *
' ranged irom 25c to $2.50 each— Belts for Ladies, M»n and Boys. They are *
' divided into two great lots and a-e displayed en sale* tihl*s in main. isle, near
, the entrance, at '. 14-C and 28 C each +■
* - .*
' '• - *
; Grocery anil Liquor Specials +
1 These offer ngs for Tuesday and Wednesday only. *
\ Maine Corn— The best -6 ens Cocoa Shells— s lbs for .25c *
„ for 55C Whiskey— Kentucky Bourbon, full *
. Babbitt's Soap -29 bars for quarts, good gui it.— per bottle. 6sc ♦
'• • ■"■ ■■• ■■-• ■■-■■•• $ fmO ° White Wine -Excellent quality— *
. W-vx Candles qua ity - loa L+Oo *
* per doz'n IMC _=_ • » , _ \l „ *
' Crescent Cream- Unsweetened Champagne- Arpad Haraszthy. & «
• — 3 M f ir. .. ...25c Co.'s Extra Dry Ellipse Champagne—, it
' Salt— Pure English snow-white — Cae 1 doz^n quarts, re-rula-ly *
'■ BBC ;• for 6c $1450. lor $10.00 J
' Castile Soap— Genuine Freeh, Case of 2 dozen pints; r°gu arlv
| hrge birs-2 f r 45c $17, for $H.QO *
» Crystola-like Sapolio- 3 cakes Single pint bottles sOc *
, f0r.... lOC Single quart -bottles $1.00 «
' Thejollv _ Send name *
i , c ;;^/'-'" IHi"lWPOiil|||i:;;'i;:/';:,r |
' from IO to ' -CAUFQRniAS LARGEST-AMERICA'S CRAHDEST STORE. .^ ni/ , „ , «
1 a.m., from 2 alogue, now *
! io'jp.m Admission Free. bsing printed. *
brought out a strong mare in Lotah S,
2:1114. which, after getting a start way
in the rear in the second heat, made the
wire with the greatest ease. In the first
heat Dr. Pitzer's position at the pole
helped him to win by a length over Letah
3 Results: V.-v--.;
The New England "Futurity. $10,000. foal
stakes of 1895 Idolita won in straight
heats. Time. 2:16%; 2:15%. 2:16%. Mamie
\V second: Ecstacy third: X La Brother,
Kellan and Carbina also started.
The Neponset stakes, J2UOO; 2:10 class
nacinjr three in five— Hal B won in
straight heats. Time. 2:09%, 2:08%, 2:08%.
Moth Miller second, Montas Crookes
third; Castleton. Alcyo, The Maid. Arling
ton and Hydrogen also started.
The 2:12 pacing, purse |10n0. two in tn*"> ■
— Fairview won second and fourth -heats
Time. 2:oyVi. 2:15%. Lizzie wakes t «va
first heal in 2:05%. and was second. Joe
Pilot won third heat in 21 1. and was
third. Mazie Sidney. Will Ley burn, Kar-
Iv Bird Jr.. Russell B. Marjorle Dr.
Wood Free Bond, also started. Lizzie
Wilkes and Joe Pilot divided second and
third money. Mazie Sidney fourth.
The 2:20 class trot, purse $1000, best two
in three (unfinished)— Letah S won sec
ond heat in 1:\V 2 . Dr. Pitzer won first
Cured Cured ! Cured j
' Dr. McLaug'-iin's EUctrie Bait Cures Rheumatism, Lumbago, La Grippe. •
/ if / It is not surprising that DR. •
,\l/ \\jiLC MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC \
J^ffi^^&^Wr^ss^ BELT gives relief in a few days .
,^2*s«^^ vj^T^fcfcu and cures the most aggravated ■
xy^^^^a^g^ffl^^^Jj^agfcJ'r^TO. cases in from one to three months. '
I^^m*^ \^^) /^^SS|^S^!l Electricity, unlike drugs, can by .
Sjftj^*^^ ■ '. N ■';■.;■, this means be applied to the seat ■
fi >y^s.V j^n7m?Sa^yA'a^ of disease, and it infuses \
m^Sl^^^^^T^^^^^b^P health-giving strength direct to '.
\^§tffefi^^'lv>4i(-^>»^^u^Ss^A' ' the place desired, quickly rostor- •
• /*Wv§"^ ing the organs to their normal *
* * vigor.
A City Cure. :
1 DR. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: I herewith give you a statement of what your Belt •
has done for me. At the time I besan the use of it I was about completely knocked .
out with a bad case of La. Grippe, as well as Lumbago and Rheumatism. Inside of ..
four days' use of the Belt the Lumbaco and Rheumatism were completely removed. .
and after two weeks every sign of the other troubles disappeared. To me it has been j
the. cheapest investment I have. ever made, and it will-be a pleasure to state what It j
has done for me. Yours very truly. . *
PATRICK T. DERBY, 36 Federal street, Pan Francisco. ,'i >■ •
Are You Suffering? ,\
If so, come and see me. Let me explain it to you free. Let me ]
show you how simple, yet powerful, my method is. Let me show you j
the evidence of the thousands cured and explain to you how simply it is j
done. ; '*;'':.j
Free Book. Call or Send Tor Book— Free.
TV . IUT A lilt T 11* 702 M»ri»t St., cor. Eearny. S. ft; j
Dr. M, A. McLaughlin, i^j^t S|nifti i iM " l \
Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. J
»..t..t..t'_.t ■ » ♦■■«.V-t~*~t~»~T~t~f-«-f~t'~» ♦ t ..... m
heat in 2:121-,. Sarlie M. Philip E. Tesla
Paul Pry. Annl<=> Burns. McAdams. Elli
son, Helen Simmon? and Bright Light
ulso started
SAN MATEO HUNT CLUB
REDWOOD CTTY, Aug. 21.— Articles of
Incorporation of the "San Mateo Hunt
( luh" have been filer! in this county. The
•corporation is formed, not for -the pur
pose of pecuniary profit, i>m to encour
age '■■port and maintain all kinds of field
: and out of door sports, and for s<>rial in
tercourse among; Its members and to ac
quire, take, purchase, lease, hold, sell ami
convey real and personal property for its
purposes. There is no capital stock, no
shares of stock, nor any Btock subscribed
! or to be subscribed. The corporation is to
continue for ftfty years. The following
I directors have been elected to serve for
! one year: John Parrott. S;tn Mateo;
1 ran 'is Carolan, Bttriingame; Walter 8.
Hobart, San Mateo: J. j. Moore. Menlo
Park: Duncan Hayne. San Mateo; Hugh
Hume, Belmont; J. H. P. Howard. San
Mateo; W. 0. B. Macdonough. San Fran
cisco; !•;. D. Beylard, San Mateo.
56
i i >i i \ v AUGUST 23, 1899
PJOHN D SI Rl * Xl l S, Proprietor.
; All Communications to W. S. LfcAKE, Manager.
I'l DLIC \TION PIC! Market and Third St*.. S. F
Telephone Main !•••*
i UITORIAL ROOMS BIT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IST*.
DEMVKRRD 1«Y ■ ■•.:!! ■•;*. IB CRKTS PER WEEK,
BlnicM Coptf*. ■ • wftU.
Trims »<y Mall, Including Po»t«jr»!
|i\n.v CAM (inrl tiding Sunfeny *'nii». <<m» T*u fio.oo
1 \:i.\ 1 vii. (Including Sunday Call). « month! 8.00
l'vll.Y V.U.t. ilm uitliiK Sui-.i'..«y r»ll>. I month! .... i-"><>
)<a\\a OMAj it) HlnglP Month <W««
M'XIMV CAt.t. One Y.ar t.r.O
\Vi:HM,V i ; .VM, Our Yrnr 1.00
,vll pi'Mumi« l .M» nt<- . ithorl -1 to r«vrlv.- ■übacrlpttona.
tmnpU copies . .!! !'.■ 1,. 1 -,\ .\: .li .1 Whm r. < :'tnl.
OAKLAND OFPICC 900 Droadway
C. 01 (»»t;i KROGNI ss.
Mayiager Foreign Advcrtlitindii M«r<juetto Huiliilnii,
Chlcitfto.
NI.W YORK CORRI pPONDENTi
C, C. CARLTON :... Hcrnld Sc|unrO
NKW YORK REPRBBI NTATIVEi
PERRY LI KINS .lit M Tribune Ku!ldln£
■ .--. .
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Phfrnmn' llou IV O. New* Co.; i;:<-«t Northern Hotel;
Weuioni Uouhq; AUJltorlunt Hotel.
Pfliw YORK NEWS STANDS.
V\*aUV>rf-A»UM-U lU-irl; A. Hivn(i«iu>. II li«U>n P<juar«;
Itunay llilt Hotel.
WASMIMGTUN (h. C.) OFWCE Wellington Hotel
J. 1.. I NGI ISII. CorrvnponcJcnt.
•RANCH O»'-riCI!S— 527 Wootoomtry corner Cloy
opon Li n.i ■> .s> o'eleeK 300 Hoy** »lr*«ti open until
p:3O o'clooK. 630 McAlM»t«r ttreot open uqUI 9:30
O'clock' ' <SIS l.citKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 M|Mlon street, open until 10 o'clock- SS9I MarKtt
si<e<r: corner Sl\te«rnth. open- until 9 o'clocK 8518
ft" Mion »itc#i open until 9 o"clocK- 'o^> n.v,- ittj
itf»-«-!. open until 9 o'clocK- N\V. corner Twenty
••Co'nd and Kentucky ■treats, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
t s ;<llf<>rn!.-v "A I'>j\ > -hrJor"» Hon<*\moon.*!
C\MumW»- "A Southern o<>nil«m(in."
T.\.li ■.'Oavßllcria Hu#tU'anfc'* unJ 'Tl'aKtiaeel."
.
i-Tmtrs «u>l. K<-!\«nt of lht< Rro^JHlon Fun>l. ntffhi *
.■lmt<-». i*x> u«J Kj-re TJK-atro-Vnuvlcvlllp every ■..••.n,v>i-.
■ :: >< «v«araB
Olv:r.i<s:». o-rr.^r Mawn nn.t Kll!.* •trMta Bp«eUUtlM.
fuiw liatti* -Swimming Kacta, »tc
A'-'ianilna vMir M*r\->rs" _ I'unJ '. ■■■r'M. WVJnfsJ.Ay *nJ
...
Aift^mUm rn.-:>u-!- I^-in-nt to Jo!m W. s:»,l<>. -
i^'tlf.finia I'^lr. SavT*t««-nto-Sei'tc>mN'r I to M
\ ' :*&2j*vn^ ; _.___
OUR TURKEY-COCK GOVERNOR.
/ vP\ KKNiMv i . \v . t . through me wsr-souuuiui;
i " i mouth v>i his aw warrior, Adiutant General
V — ' S«m.ii!s, kmiwn as the ornamental ass ot the
• •■■■■%■•
orange belt, has suddenly come forth from the secret
places where he has been hobnobbing with the toius
oi U.in lUuns and announced lo the citiiens." execu
tive eotnnmtee that he intends to take charge oi the
reoc'nivon of the California Volunteers and direct both
the naval demonstration and the parade on land.
His manifesto sets forth that he will not keep in line
on the bay. but will take his tug where he pleases,
oi; across tie coins? oi the other vessel at his will,
board the transport when he feels like it and leave the
»vij \\h«» he v;ets tired. A* to the position he will
tike in the parade, he has not yet decided. He would
I'm :.< ride on .-. spirited warhorse. because the civic
dignitaries are going in "carriages.: but he would like
<o ride .in a carriage because it is dangerous to be on
The cjtimis' executive committee: heard the Gov
ernor's declaration from his gold-laced tongucster
and ..: o-ce proceeded to explain to hint that turkey
-1 i*«*er;t*s*i -. - .■ ... . ■■■„-■• -
cocks do not lead processions when the American
eXile ison the .vine. The California \ oumteers arc
iv. the United States .ir;;;v and will be under the com;
nund ot Gejjeral Shatter. The reception has. been
prepared by the people of S.m Francisco and will be
conducted b\ the committee chosen to take charge
V >h:e honor will be shown to the Governor of the
v.id :.o. his >::%n. lo the tvs which wid bear
:he::; durinc ::v vaxa! l !r.::o:is;ra!W!i a leading posi
i-o:>. will be turn in the'-Une. but the :r.s* will stay in
the line and u-. the t>bce assignevt It wd! not be per
rv.tted to ":'.i;\ things It those aboard do not like
\\-c ceremony and get tired and wish to quit, they
cu-\ ilo so. provided. they can swim.
The as.<v,v,tption ot the Governor would be ridicu
lous tnerel\ were it not for attending circumstances
wV:.:-. rouse public sr.di^nwtjon. During all the pc
: - • tjnet the first nrtuming regtraewt o: mlnntetrs
smwl xv. >an Fmncwco Goven:or liage has done
nothing, said noshing, to show any interest whatever
in the rvxfptiors accorded them. Governor* o! other
Slate* have conje fcan across the continent to greet
their rtr>;;!-.'.er.:s. bat v>.;j;e h.is shown to theta no: cue
act o- hospxtahiy, :•.,-: one courtesy, has not even sent
r letter or .; Srlegram of g'rectins;. Xow, when San
V icssco. !".as n:sed $sQj.cco to provide aSt wtJcome
for her voir.r.tetrrs, when all arrangetnents have been
r.tade fox tV..- tsen*ons;rations on the bay and the
jumies on {and. the Governor strat? np with a:{ his
<■::': .ch;r,v! hr.v. :^ ct>:urol. thruw everv/ar
rMftS^raeat tr,;o v .;.■.;>..>:•. i*:J to rw»r^er the ■whole
rhe ex^iHtton — ■£■: •• :'■< ■::.<? t< eiuracicristk el
the sttx:v. v\lie« ;ifr ardor oc thr people aaxhitestetl
* *
••>.'-" t«a 'A: »;'„'.■•:■.?■:.' the Ktcmrag- regiments the
Governor hrfo - v . x .-i. !6r he hxs mo sympathies with
tbe . pci"-s»>t« "*r,i! sh;:.^ aoae of their fwliKg? roxani
th? berths :oi thr w-jir He \v.;>' h^Se-reßt to the
vis«tK.s-.Gtsveraers ar^J shott^h* them-to©U
•".-• u*»ag so aach «iv>Kb!i to gre-«: their nectrser.^
■■■'■■ H t ' » » • «
i< «iX>n; 3.S they ipeacbm .\n;ertcx It w^ss ::ot cnts* he
>^.-.. - dwvscc '<■: tSsphyiuj; hirase;; thst hts ee^tisia
was xsv,y*-<\!i to take a.3; tr.ttrr*: « whit is ic«>bc ©n:
..-.'\- wUi W U-.Vv- refs*ct pctsd to the Governor of
C i ;.-u..evifr. th©a§h the jx^y intiSvitksal xttixi
ho&<&s :.-- ■• -■-- has s.^c.wn no rrtp<c: for « r,o.T for
ptfc*r.'G«?v"fTOiwr<.. Ife't^jßl b* atssisrsesj a fittmg j»fe'r«
Jsa a«l iht- tfttvsxs&ix* ht caw to attend. He wit) "cot
i.c 's*enattt«<& fcowtvw; to'iavollv« eyeryt&Msg tn eoa
h - ■ ■ a! iH? o.:? dite. It fee th«xsi.s >c hr. h Kwfialsrtc;
? r.u'i-:;^:ruir Ks^ht's. ii^e that oi Botsosa t&e
vtivw, iK ( l Avhca h« zx'sXt* he viS5 £.'s<£ hjox?^!: ia
'Hsif ;.te?t?ra«SQr ot GeneraJ JJcrcwr^ ■whk'h was
p«MSi!tse«l ■■ M ?h* trial ■.©?. Drejls» as >■ s*issat»oa oi
fcswtdaoca) stttcr»t. ««licases'ifctt the grsismJ « -45
?>j.«w. tfoe "■^Jvtce'* Jn»lw v $«rare-i the weekes. oi
■
ipws* tb<ci? p*cttwva fetml Vsr.tk*.' ;
> • <icwr ilucVs 'haw b<<?zi tr.tx«! tap in the
Thaws ' li4».xfir<J case. C&kz <c 4 PoKctc L>tts swats.
t« thtek tfcat soaae ®f tbeca ant deeegr*.
THE SULU TREATY.
* — I — 'H li country heard with some surprise the
I 'III" country heard with Sultan surprise the
proposition to pay to the Sult.ni ol the Sulus
* an annual subsidy for submitting to our juris
diction and the transfer of sovereignty to his part of
the Philippine* from Spain to us. li Spain had a valid
title to sell "and we bought ii the goods purchased be
longed to us, without hiring anybody to say so.
There was no more reason for subsidizing the Ma
hometans of the Sulus than for treating in like man
no- the Christians of the rest of the group.
This first surprise is increased by the report that
General Bates is visiting the Sulus and making a
treaty with them! If Spain passed to us a valid title
why do we recognize these Mahometans as a nation
capable of entering into the treaty relation? What
right have they to such recognition thai does not
equally belong to the Christian Filipinos? These are
questions that will run until they are answered. The
solicitude of this country reinforces its curiosity as
the features of the treaty are exploited. According to
its terms we are to leave polygamy and chattel
slavery among the Sulus undisturbed, but our juris
diction is to be acknowledged and our flag is to fly
over the islands and weVarc to pay the Sultan a
salary larger than any paid to any officer of the
United States except the President. General Bates
hastened to make it known that this treaty pro
vides that chattel slaves in the Sulus may buy their
freedom. He says that the Sultan objected to tin..
but was appeased by inserting the proviso that the
slave must buy his freedom at the market price. . As
the slave-owner makes the market and puts his price
upon a slave whom he wishes to sell, the benefit of
this clause to the chattel is of a questionable nature.
The slaves in this country, before emancipation, were
always given the same right The master would al
ways let a slave buy himself, and the instances were
numerous in which a slave would buy himself and his
wife and children, but this did not soften the hard
features of the institution to the minds of the anti
slavery Republicans, who bravely made their first
platform declare that polygamy and slavery were the
twin relics of barbarism.
The Civil Wai was the costly means employed to
put an end to slavery and all of its incidents, and
when a million of men had fallen in battle and tour
billions of treasure had been spent in the struggle, it
was by amendment written into the Federal constitu
tion that slavery and involuntary, servitude are for
bidden in the United States "and all places subject to
their jurisdiction."
We are spending eight hundred thousand dollars a
day in a military adventure to establish our jurisdic
tion in the Philippine Islands. The Sulu treaty is for
the avowed purpose of asserting our purchased sov
ereignty of that part of the Philippines and to extend
our jurisdiction withouf the cost ot conquest. Ihe
Sulus now come under our jurisdiction and the
stars and stripes ttv there, but at the cost ot legalizing
and protecting both polygamy ;>.nd slavery! A Lin
coln Republican will despair of finding reasons for
such a policy. Of course, like the rest of the
schemes now afoot it is borrowed from Great Britain.
■' ■■■ •'- - ■■'■ v■' '. ■■■■■■ ■' "V '
But she is not under a written constitution. Accord
ins? to her scheme of government such a variant
poiicv is possible and proper. Even the English
church was surprised to find that under its canon law
v could not interfere wuh polygamy. When Bishop
Colenso oi Natal made it a practice to receive into
the church African converts who had numerous wives
living in polygamy, his excommunication was pro
nosed. But the hierarchy discovered that it had no
■-*■■■«_■■"
warrant in the canons tor such a course.
In the I nited Mates, however, it is dUterent.
Leaving the ecclesiastical jurisdiction out ot the
question, polyj is forbidden by our Fet.ler.il
■■•■■•■<■■. ~ v ■.■-•-■■. . . ■ . . *
statutes and slavery is prohibited by the ...... .
everywhere within our jurisdiction.
The people will have to be reckoned with on the
The Boers .ire unwilling, it is said, to free them
selves of a grasshopper plague for fear of bringing
down upon themselves the a r.vth of God, \et they
.ire complacently, almost eagerly, sowing fields ot
wo Pasadena boys, who began their study of the
r»ne an of burglary in yellow- Kick novels art* now :n
jail They will probably take their post-gradtiate
course in the State penitentiary-.
THE STATE FAIR.
GOOD omens tor the success os the Mate '■■-.■'
I - 1 arc drawn from the fact that much larger sums
were ozlered tor the various privileges than
were received last year. The bidder*, ot course, did
! not act unadvisedly. They have noted what has been
I 'done"; by the directors to improve the exhibits and
I the races over those ot ail previous years, and have
i drawn therefrom the natural conclusions uvat the at-
I tendance will be larger and the privileges more valu
labteV The result is the betting privilege at the track.
! which sold last year tor $12,600. brought this year
$i7j6i"sft. and the programme privilege, which !a*t
I year yielded the u:r a revenue o: $>o;. has been so:i
I this year tor $>-:>.
It is not in the racing events oajy that the fair is. to
be a marked improvement over the accomplishments
ot the past. As has been pointed out by The Call,
| special effort* have been made by the u:rectors to
I impress upon the people ot each connty and apon
I aU leaders o? industry o! every kind. ;arr:er>. manu
! fact«rer*. nxintrs and merchants, the advantages sure
I to' accrue Jrom comprehensive exbibiti. By the:^
[effort? a , « ide*pread intere*; in the fa:r has be/m
! atkTikened thrbttghortt the State, and the jtjpricuttao!
lied mechanical display will in- all probability be th«:
Ks«x<t toaiprehensive evxr caade.
The " apbuildiag- of the S«;*.te Fair is m enterprise
its which all classes of Cslifomians sboold.take a
w^na interest, for is is a r.:a::er of concern to all
in the Eastern States w!:ere large cj:tes are numer-
I oias a series bf-Kotable expositions take p?ac? every
; yer«r and sh«s prodecer* have many opportunities for
! exfetbitiag; their prtx!scts where coasasaers wi!S $w
; tfejens and also o>J nofifeg snch hnprayttaenb as haxt
I been effected dating the year in tfceir tine* of tndas
• try. On ttse,. -Pacific Coast we have ba: few such e\
j r.v<;::v>Rs, arid h .-.■.-■■ tfcerefere that she Scats
i -Fair. be roade as cn>n:prehetssive and- as attractive as
The efforts ni£e b>y tb? directors to achieve a
! Ktartted advaiace in the iror& of the fitr this ear wi*!
! have ?fee etTect ©f sJ^ptrktsr what a notable expositiba
s the £*sr can be madSe when its advantages are. thor
;! oa^hly rs^dersufiX^'i and fdl^y nssde ksc of by tfcs pr^-
I'dacers'aad oaaraaSactorers of the State. There ts.c«
I reason why the anntadi fair - ' .-atJ wo* attraci tho«-
I sJts:«J*. ©f visitors fresa sM parts --: the coast.' "I«
\ slsoiaM be an expositkra of aHI the late*: attiiasaects
lin every forca ©f i!u&as;ry v so ....... wfeot «£-e?ire-;
jto keep pc>s!»r<i 05 the deveStajMraecu of as caffliTa^
i "wt«^ssS<^ attecd has a raatter 0? eocßrse^ ,-■....
]' stwJSy ©f the ejxhibiits wisisSd W tatftal a? well! aisin
- ■ -.
| WSsaSerw csay be the fatwre ci the Sxir. a. ttn
THE SAN IKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1890.
tain this year promises well. The State is flourishing
in all lines of industry and the people are prosper
ous. The directors have appealed in the right way
to turn the attention of the producers ami the manu
facturers to the advantages of the fair to exhibitors,
and the result can hardly fall short of something like
a genuine triumph.
The London Saturday Review sneering!}' says that
a few music hall ditties and alter dinner Speeches rep
resent the substantial benefits to England from the
" taglo American alliance." England probably never
will forget the ditty to which her troops marched in
defeat forever from the American soil. Hut "Yankee
Doodle" is not the end ni Uncle Sam's musical ideas.
THE SIEGE OF GUERIN.
BY all odds the cleverest display of strategy the
Parisian police have shown the world for many
a year is that by which they have turned
Gucrin's attempted revolution into a jest and a joke
for the railery of the boulevards and the merriment
of the world The siege of Guerin is in fact about
the brightest opera bouffe ever enacted on a munici
pal stage of the first class. ~
The bellicose Guerin has long been able by the
slashing tongue of him to talk valiantly as a leader
in the movement to save France and the rest of the
nations from the cosmopolitan plutocracy of the Jews.
He has' been mighty of jaw in the Dreyfus fight, and
had he been a Samson he would with that jaw have
slaughtered thousands. When the Court of Cassa
tion ordered a new trial for Dreyfus the vehement
| Guerin resolved to act. He organized a band, which
was something like a brass band, something like a
wind band, something like a jewsharp and something
like a barrel organ. It was a resolute body of men
determined on revolution, and when it saw approach
ing a body of police it took not the field, but Guerin's
house, fortified it-elf and called from the windows
upon the people to strike for their altars and their
homes, Guerin and liberty.
The police declined to treat Guerin seriously. In
stead of battering down his door and dragging him
squealing through the streets to prison, they simply
put a guard around his house, shut off his gas and
water, refused admittance to his baker, his butcher
and his grocery man. and left him to harangue his
band on the virtues of holding the fort upon an
empty stomach.
From the start Guerin has been dissatisfied with
such treatment. He issued on the first day of the
siege a manifesto to Paris in which he declared that
on the .-. ■ following the police, aided by the army,
would storm his fortress home and the Parisian
would see how a hero can die. He invited one and
all to attend the sacrifice, and promised if they did
not rise to save him he would die for them and give
them a show worth the price of admission.
The great day came, but the police did nothing.
Some ot the more sympathetic of the crowd tinr^
loaves of bread and canned luxuries through the open
windows and Guerin feasted and talked nd was well
satisfied with himself. Day by day, however, he has
grown sadder as well as thinner. On Saturday some
of his friends undertook to throw a leg of mutton an i
a five-pound loaf ot bread through the window, but
missed, and the police confiscated the leg and the
loaf as contraband of war.
The mighty heart of the revolutionist nearly broke
when he witnessed the confiscation. He had recourse
at once to his never- failing tongue.
"In the nineteenth century you try. to starve peo
pl«. It is disgraceful. You." he added, addressing
the policemen, "you ought to have more heart than
your masters and ought to give us back our provi
sions. In any case, I warn you that the first time my
companions are hungry it a prefect of police passes
along the street we will shoot him."
While this farce goes on in Paris the Dreyfus case
drags on at Rennes. The tragedy and the opera
bouffe move along together. Nature is no respecter
of dramatic properties. She mixes the buffoon's an
tics with the sufferings ot heroes, and holds stead
lastly on her impartial way between the two; but as
different from one another as is the rat in the pit
from the lion in the toils, is the screaming revolu
tionist shouting defiance from his windows ...
heroic prisoner asserting his innocence and confront
ing his foes at Rennes.
* I: is said that the court-martial will again rind
Dreyfus guilty of treason. This it can never do. It
may convict the celebrated prisoner, but its power
to prove him guilty has pass More thoroughly
perhaps than any other man of modem times Dreyfus
has been judged by the civilized world and the verdict
VANISHING SPRUCE FORESTS.
UJHILE our forests are be:r.s; desiroye<l ?o
/ rapidly and to a great extent so wantonly, it
is comforting to note the evil has become
ccncrallv understood ansl t* engacin? a good deal ox
the attention t>: the pres> ir. every part o! the coantxy.
The Boston Traßscr:p; recently cave a review o:
the condition ot the forests ot New England, and
among other things noted the vast amount ot tim
ber repaired to carry on American industries their
present form, A striking j^aracraph relating to the
destruction of spruce forests tor the payer trade says:
"A cord of spruce wood is equal to 615 feet boar- 1
measure, and this qnaxmtr o: taw ntaieria! vrill make
halt a ton of sulphite p«lp. or one ton of ground
wood pulp. Newspaper stock is* made ap with
per cent of sulphite palp and So per cent of ground
wood 7>a!p>. The best «rrto*ra spruce land, virgin
growth; ------ a stand oi about jcco t«t to
the acre, ukicg the best s> a bans Twenty-two
acres of this best spruce laud will there re contain
■54 xm feet of tir:;ber. An average gang of loijT^er?
witi cat this in aboa* eight days. This entire quan
tity o? wood turned ■" at any one of the Ixr^e cai!h
will be conversed in a single day into abontoso ton?
of jach pwlp as goes to make op newspaper stock-
Tf::> putp wiU make about an equal weight oJ paper.
which will scppsly a singJe lirpe isetropolittar: isews
pa.f<r fast two days,"
Vast *s the drain i?. Ataerica can wel2 - stxad the
demand of the industries of its peep!? for ~;ber i:
a reasonable care he taken in preservtn'j: the i:-:~:>
irom was-teftil destractwn assJ ia repliEtiss:' - where
trees hive been; removed. It is not 50 moch the cci
ting of ■ •:- for cecessaury porpoies * tint threaten?
the coaatry with a : ■.-.-. loss of Is forests, a*
to? nej;-*^ K> FSiard ajntEjt fires and the abasasS??ii
meat of Batsds from whkh Uk bes? tree? Stare been
removed to the reenrrteg feres thai iw«p a-sray th«
ytwita^er growth.
The ciriHaaaoa -wfek-ls .-■-■■ d«'Stracs!<aa
of forests mast provis&e for their reprwKi-.' ■or it
wiM pertjh off the 1 conse«jiß«aces 03 it* loUf. The d*
vastxa©a cl sproce forests is bat an iteca hi the gen
eiral a<rc<»tar: that is : rttssiss: asniast us its a treat -
Bhcsst of the "*Pw>ds.. Eishiw we mast esfiter oa th«
w©rk of p,re>«rvin?: Paresis iirithost deJiy.'or the cexs
geflaeraftMWffi c! Anaierscams wJ3 Ssare .to jay dearij
for h . -' '-' ,
AUTOMOBILE STREET-SWEEPER
IS THE LATEST IN THAT LINE
St. Louis First in the Field With the New Device.
THE automobile street Bweeper is the latest device in the way of horseless
vehicle uses , „ -ru.
To St Louis b.Moncs the credit of introducing the new contrivance, lne
automobii ■ nnarv construction save that the big broom wheel in
the roar is operated by electricity, which is found to be more effective than
the brushes a* p< nded upon the wagon solely for propulsive power.
it vms thoughi at first that the automobile sweepers would not ho altogetner
practicable, :vM the first one was sent out as a sort of experiment.
To the surprise of mai .tl -^ ■• ' • proved to be bo efficacious that their
B ..-,,! use j,, . ..j s thought to be only a question of tune.
Following them will undoubtedly come automobile watering carts ana per
haps automobile ash i-.n-ts. ..
In fact, the horseless sweeper is but one factor in a Ion? Une of mercantile
us, s to which automobiles will be put.
•,u pw< ■ tirely satisfactory and performs its duties more thor
oughly than the heavy, cumbersome carts which are hauled up and down ou>
thoroughfares at night with the accompanying rattle of horses' hoofs on cobble
stones and the hoarse shouts of men guiding them.
DOES ADJUTANT SEAMANS'
BARBER NEED A HOLE ,
/—\ NCE on a Time there reigned in Phrygfa a Kin? named Midas. He was
I 1 what Artemus Ward would haye-called "a Accommodating Cuss: He kept
ONCE on a Time there reigned in High Olympus, named Midas Point to
\. commodattng Cuss: He k
- • ■ Gods of High Olympus, and m | to
I I f>ed them like Fighting Cocks. He took every occasion to Tickle their
Vanity and Fill their Stomachs. He made a Good Thin? Out of It. In
return for a Favor Midas did for the Satyr Sllenus, Pionysius. who is the Latin
BaechusJ endowed him with the Power of Transmuting Everything He touched
into Gold.
Midas was greatly pleased wrth the gift, and put in most of His Time for the
next Thirty Days making Klondikes out of the Waste Places of His Kingdom.
By reason of he Fact, however] that he .compelled to drink Nitric Acid in
order to digest the Doughnuts that His Tot had turned to Gold. He tired of
the Favor and asked Dlonysius to take- it back. The God did as requested, and
Midas might never have been heard of again had it n>M been that His Fame had
spread until He was all the Fashion, the Ward McAllister of Those Parts.
Things were referred to him and What He said Went. Pan and Apollo— the one
noted for the Meerschaum Pipes He had colored, the Other because a Brand of
Cigars had been called after Him— got into a Dispute as to Their respective Mu
sical Abilities. Pan was a Warm Member on the Flute. It was said of Him. as
an Infant, He played "On the Day That Dewey Comes Home" the First Time
He ever heard It and did not Miss a Note. Apollo was some Pumpkins on the
Harp. Each wanted to play the Other for Any Old Thing. It was Arranged
that Midas should Referee the Bout. It was Pulled Off before the Assembled
Gods and Goddesses at the Mechanics' Pavilion in Phrygia. and Midas, without
Hesitation, declared Pan the Victor.
Apollo was as Mad as. a Wet Hen and Swore Revenge. That Nieht while the
Unsuspecting King ♦ ~ Sleeping, the Angry God replaced the Royal Ear? with
those of an Ass. When Midas got up in the Morning and looked into His French
Plate Mirror He was Horrified. Putting on the Royal Nightcap. He concealed
the Horrors under it and sent for His Barber. Careful as Midas was to con
ceal his Deformity, the Barber soon, Got Next. After He had left the Kingly
Presence He was sorry He had. It would be Treason to mention It to any Living
Thing, but ft was too Tremendous a Secret for a Poor Barber to keep. For Days
and Days the Man went about with the Secret. He was bending under its
Weight." He knew He-mt'.st tell It or go Mad. In Despair He went out into the
Woods, and. digging a Hole, whispered into It. "The King has Asses" Ears."'
Filling Up the Hole He went awr.y. Feeling Much Better.
■
Adjutant General Seamarks' Barber is. tso doubt, a Religious Man. He should
Obey the Scriptural Injunction and "Go and Do Likewise."
CALIFORNIANS PETITION THE GOVERNMENT
Ask That the Expert Begin in This State His Investigation of
the Irrigation Problem,
Thirty-five thousand douars ha? been
ippropriated by the Government for the
purpose of 'nvestisatSnj: the, irrigation
problem in 0 United States Elwood
Mead has been chosen for the work. The
following PcUUon kas been ?ent on to
Washington by prominent Caaformans to
have the Government besrin the invesits:.'.
tlon of the irrigation problem ; n This
To Dr. A. C, True. Director United
States Agricultural Experiment Stations:
The' undersigned earnestly desire thai
Mr. Eiwood Mead be detailed by the de
partment to conduct a series ol irrigation
Investigations In California! and trust that
you may feel justified In forwarding this:
request to the Honorable Secretary of
Agriculture with your approval. We have,
of course^ ascertained that the proposed
detail will not be contrary to Mr. Me-iii"?
Inclination or bis jndrmesu.
We respectfully submit tfcai nowhere !a
America are there, Irrigation problems
is.'-z-~ Important, { mor* intricate or esj>:v
pressing than in California. Xcttaer «re
there any whose {study wohM be m-jre
grauljr instructive: We car. «iff*r« vre pre~
surae, examples of every form of evil
■which can b»e found In AnklorSaxon deal
ings wi^a ■water la arid 3»1 --■■..••■
--tricts^ Greai svraas have t>?en iost in irri
gation wrtetprtsesi. Still srreater sass Jtre
endangered. Water ttsle-s are uncertain.
The JSiiratlaa 5? apyaJtes-
WMte'the imvesss.tjrati'iTs whfch we hav-e
to ir.sc:<2 r«f*r tarsi-?)- So matters of law.
Sr.Jtn« Mil a»Jrih;f.ra:;!?E. w? tbJmk it
Dtse«<ssazT that erwa such data be coll*cs*d
by an easia*e-r fasa«isar witin the bearings
of si:<rh facts ujw?a th* ce j cv?s;' l >ra.so'= ©f water
<Us:~t i ''"*t'-3'^. mzi-i ■*■* Si~^w »tf co k>n-? *!?•?
whese esjfejrieace fca^? s«> veil fltteJ fcisn
Par Stot* work. Mosi ©f the d*ta.*S<r-s»:r«-i
?x2<i tin «w tinpiii!;3»l*sS*d rv^O'T-ls.
bwi are a:s-?iles* a? a .S\as:s of te^svatio'a
uri'sl c<aSlai:<j, cJasTsif.e^i azsA digested;
Among *&«■ shiELi« necessary to be?
faaowTs Nff^rv- can Is<ap< far wneil-o^nrfil
tr*'.t lecisllasfoa aj»a sJs* coas*rxa»ioa and
J. J. Valentine 5 ?:>.:.:::
J^ka J~ Valetatfae, p«sM«Et of WeUs.
Fare's"* C>a., and staurTylfiodserlot Hie
war" sax la b£s ©.fikfe&S ctpaetty.; Suts ts
soed a pasap&let oppostes Sis«- war Sa tJbe
E*mmjssSa«s asd kite Gjpronßm^tlsliwffltey
tberv. WtlEft a Eire"? ptweaktas* <st I fflcr
-„,--.-'*--■'-,-■ Vi. * aLiiki-aLsr sS* Q3UBW HiMgSsj
ii ts too gt»ttfie«lteni *b tt*ia t* fctc-i Vaa
le-EJS^e ssi tfosir r±3ti-5» Off all S3<eoi "c^a s2iis
c»vvii*i Vateßttae shwaM tar* tt* ta
si.i«-p o>Bs et slai.l arri b^aTtats tn cots croat
a««c*kxa. ar&j "as fc* ■ does . sw.s
j, ; .s^i<.;*.<; tJtais prace 84 csiarfet idTaaftis*^
esisll?" 8w teciidcatte^rsay ■wii?a a «IqK
. ♦ ■
R.i- 3 •.:-•. 5 *"■<:■. : ::: '.:
- •
It £< : jaow stalled s&sti. 8a.3 Esrras- 'assS
cotMffiir sia dls> winJs «&e late FJistatrfte* Ea
ta> Btv aa<S akJ'Jdff 5 be- Stop* «p!T iMßtesSy
._ i .. _. ... -. :......... . fc •. . - j ... -.-. ;;
.. -
f'r>3.!> we. fcivt itas iDsia Baa* fisxidl Mttlft
te wink tfetm.
ANSWERS RO CORRESPONDENTS.
I•■ STEJLMBQAT RACE— T. F.« OSy. ..The
. .  . • • ■ :- ■
N ■ • - ' . . . -
distribution of our waters are ta? ioiiow
. First— The amount of water in the
Second — The duty of water in the differ
ent irrigation basins. --J 1
Third— The cUiias upon the water, col
led by strean-.s and not by counties as
n °Fo«rth— The nature of water-richt titles-
Fifth— The adjudicated elaima uy-33 tie
w-aters-
SL\th— The lands now srrirai!«l and sus
cepttb'.e of trrScatioa.
SeTenth— The possible increase of wat^r
for beneficial use by storage :n each sys
tfn
Efchth-The extent to wh:ch th» irri
rable area car. be increased by b*tt?r
ir.etho»-s or rfisiribution and asj. Re
spectfully Fubaoittwl. '
E, J Wickson, actinsr director Cnircr
sity of California Experiment Station. J.
\ Fi'eher. manaser State Board of Trade.
William Thomas- David S;arr Jo_niaa.
president Stanford ÜBlversity. t*. B.
Pond, president S-aa Francisco Saviors
Onion. Witfhua Alror<4. pne^Sdect Ban*
cf Calsforc:a. Charles K. G!!b«fTt. vici?
president California Academy d Sciences.
Marshes Man son. T. A. K:rkpa:rtck. vie-?
president P. C. M. M. D. Coscpany. E. E.
P*tt«n. Grant S. Tasrcsrt. Frank S-3-j;!e»
prnfessbr o-f civiJ esssrisi^erin^. University
>>f Ca^jfomii. Julias Kafca. Vk-tor n.
JJTetcalL German Savings and Lwas Soci
ety; by B. A. Becker. pres.s«i«2t. E. J. X.*
Breton; president Fr#rsch Savir.irs Bar.k
cf San Fr-aE'irisooj. California Safe !>r ;•>-<?::
and Truss Ccnspany. W. E. Brs^wn. Tice
President Crxxcker-'WciolworSfl National
Baisk. HsS«rsia Sa\i-c-s ac»3 L^aa Soci
ety. by R«?-i>ent JL To>&:a. s^crvtarv. M. K.
d# Yozas. San Fr3Usctso> CferoaicSe. J. il.
GJeav»s. president Cai:-f?na!a Water and
Forest Society. David '- nan
■ — # Xevada and M-sststa rtsc-er" rsin-es,
R. f!» Goodirta^ United States Deputy
MiaeralsjjSca! Sarre-yor. Fr*r.k W. Smith.
Ernst A. Denicke; p--r**M*r.r. G^rasa-5a
TraSi Cempaay. C. E. Grtirsiy. civa
?t-^.----r. G«srCT C. Peri*n«w Andrew W.
X: I*:?, l"cii«*i States IVp2;;y HlisexalMr
i-rata ...... .
<L-T^aE« and r*4ei«<i St. Loci*. 52i-? t*-r
--tii-e trip is * days X tosrs «a>? it aJaat-is
The Xatdbcs ca=s* ia ■£ hnnra and 35 ndo^
oles Barer. TJse distance wats ISA ?3&Ze&.
TO RIC VlsTA— it. J. T Alin^a;
-
than leaxv Saut FV3.Ec£s:n3 daiSy. except
■ ■
FARA-HjOXE EGGS— W. J. a.. Ciiy.
"VVfea j ar* ccsstiEiQ-nSy trta^na is the saar-
*5 Ibe **FiriE!iCi3!» e-rcs"' ar>f ekbi the
*SSS ■"-.•■-_ fees "tttous* o* tfc«
A QUOTATIOX— IU C. CSly. The «^j»
--■-.-. - ustod I - nMm«Jr—
She «»2k» :-,--.-., t ; .
Ami se*aa»_ ta £*?• jjhe nftnautana. off slriif^C
Is fna sine "CiDirfxir."" toy Bjrwa. Camto I.
BAY HOMES— M.. Cttjrr Tb*nc aj«s
• ■ - . - .
;..-:7--.f x ■ •- ■ . ...
srisarfe^ s&* fiay iciejs S-?tst% tfe^ir ccLciris'ii
' ' >- -I-: : . - i- i ?— i . -■•■-:
BAI B - Oty. T&Hf L« |
ait ta* -■---. - . sa.«a-*a • a ii^r <«.»
cfcsifcp St a ssisis>?2stasw)r tor sejT jwt
•ob- be« a maeßßibcr a«ff ■ any uwjierv, w
jrear way Dntdce <rf taae jarStomßaa- *jc«e»>
.-. was : ■«- - : ta> :-•■ •■'-..'■ ■■ fcs
i'-^ -£ -- -T- :~r= :i — -• . • , . ..
ties. It was not made a penitentiary of
fense. '
GREAT WRITERS- H. M.. Grass
Valley Cal. Any flrst-claM book seller
can procure for you the works of any or
of all the great writers.
TRANSFER OF ENGRAVINGS- A. O.
S.. City. It is said that if ■ -rheet of glass
is covered with copal varnish and an en
graving or print is pressed evenly on the
varnish face downward, and allowed to
remain 'until thoroughly dry. the panrr
may then be slightly moistened rubbed
off with the finger and the print /will re
main on the glass and look as if it had
been printed on it. •. • .
■ ♦ ■
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Assemblyman A. Crowder is registered
at the Palace.
Paris Commissioner B. W. Runyon is
registered at the Palace.
Dr. E. G. Parker, U. S. N.. is one of the
late arrivals .-it the California.
N Wines, the owner of the Trucked
stage line, is a guest at. the Grand.
A. M. Duncan, .one of the loading mer
chants of Fish Rock, is at the. Lick. :
K. E. Bush, an oil man of Hanford, i?
registered for a short stay at the Lick.
Lieutenant L. R. Sargent, O. B. N i«
among the late arrivals at the Occidental.
R. A. Boggi ; > has come down from Sul
phur Creek and is a guest at the' Occide
ntal.
Rev. D. G. Mackinnon ha? come dowr:
from Stockton and is a guest at; the Occi
dental.
Lieutenant John O'Shea, T. S. A., is on?
of yesterday's military arrivals at th>-
Occidental. . •'. : .
Judge J. A. Sanborn of Yuba City and
Judge J. W. Davis of Tulare are both reg
istered at the Lick. '• . • . : ■;•
<■. D. Daly, a Eureka capitalist.- is stay
ing- at the Lick, where he arrived yester
day, from his home. .:
Thomas Clunie and Raphael Wei!! have
returned to the city after- a .delightful
trip- to London and Paris.
Professor C. A. Copeland- has come/ up
from Stanford for a short visit to the city
and is a guest at the Palace. ;• • ■ . r
John P. Irish returned Sunday night
from the East, where he went 'some, time
ago to attend to private business of his
own. v ■;.; ;
Wallace Dinsm.ore and J. C. Campbell,
two prominent mining men of Marysville,
are among the recent arrivals at the
Grand. ...
Judge J. M. Short of Hanford is at the
Grand, where he arrived yesterday, so as
to be in time to welcome the California
bov< home • ' -
W. E. Guervin and J. S. Dover, two of
Seattle's most prominent citizens. . are
registered at the Occidental for a short
in this city.
The star Eastern tennis players, "Whit
man. Davis. Ward and Wright, will start
to-morrow from their- homes to cross the
continent and attempt to wrest the cham
pionship from our own .cracks at the Del
Monte tournament to be held next m.or.th.
A. Mayfield. Railroad Commissioner of
Texas, is a guest at the-- GranoT He ar
rived from Denver, where he had .been
attending the regular annual meetir.g of
Railroad Commissioners' from all over th*
Unit* 1 States. His visit here is simply
taken with the idea of getting a little rest
mid rt^crG3tion- • '
Major Raphael Weill and " Ger.rra .
Thomas J. Clunie have returned from
France. They left this. city for a journey
abroad several month? ago and passed a
deligl summer in' Europe. They were
greeted at Sacramento on the homeward
trip by a delegation of . friends.
Maurice E. Ashersori'has been, appointed
contracting freight agent of the Vander
bilt lines, vice H. D. Thirkild.-who h-as re
signed to accept of a position that. -.has
been offered him in Honolulu. Before his
oppointment to his present position by
John A. Gill. Pacific XV«".st agent. -ojf. the
New York lines. Mr. Asherson was con
nected with the Northern. Pacific- Road.
Colonel Alexander G. Hawes and Henry
Marshall returned to San Francisco the
day before yesterday from the City of
Mexico*. They went to the Mexican capi-
t al on a mission of pleas and" business
1 a"d Sojourned there several months. They
I observed that the city was rrowir.g _ irs
i wealth and population and that many nne
buildings were to course of constructioa.
■ __ ■ m »
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Aus- 21.— R. Fuller of Saa
Frar.cisco is at the Imperial: z.. H. Nia^
all and George R- Winianis cf San Frar
sco are a: the 3larlboroagh:^ilr: and
Mrs. William Lan>s of San Fracctseo ar^
at the Savoy.
. ■ ♦ ■ —
CALIFRNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
\\ASHTNGTOX. Au?. a.— W\ A. Harri
son of Los AriseS?* is at the St- James.
F. A. Wright; wife and dausbter cf San
Francisco are visiting reJatrvts iA Wiii
ingxon.
~"~ ; Tk -
CaL glace fruit JOe psr ■ at Tcvr^se^iv •
■♦« _ . ■
Flars. psc:urr> arc dec«3ra:!o^s for sa.e
in qaastirie? to suit ar Sar:b>rrn & Vaii"s. ■
Mark - Hop Kiss Instijute cf An ■ Op^s
dailj" from ? a. sa. to *. p. as.. • •
■ m ■ — i
Special isicnsauo^ supplied .daUr tm
tfisue&s houses a. ■ . psfcUc =:es t? Cis
Press ClippiE? Bureau (Aileo*9i). Si ltotu>
Scatry street Te;ephc=« VlAln — -ii. ..*
■ • ■ .-
Pacifc Bans Ca«e
; *-■>■-- Ctrcu!: J«i?s B^a:ty ye«
--l jerdar sustained the dens;rrer to. . tbe
li &srtrad«i conpUiEt is the- sa:t of Cbaries
5 rl Lai^lisw *-?. tbe PiclSc Sack. -.-..
■ ♦ ■
V-::v Lew 8.-.tes East.
■ .
-- A&rzsi 3 asd SJL -.-- peswSar ; .--■ Tt
rente will 5-r.. -■•-•«-■ Piil»^«-;i:ji i" ; — -
rrra £tx >fee Terr lor rsi* cf S3S C Ocn
ssc=_ Nstacci! Er*i=r=;e::i. G- .A- S- ?i *s
S3 Mir- ri. fcr roll jvirui-^lirs.
■ ■♦ ■ ; — ,
Dr. S;*s«rt"» Assosmsa => "*rs Si? crrr TJ
■
. - - - ; : ■:
■ m ■
-
LUXURY
drudgery:
WHAT WILL THE VEHBISI IE?
'•:.-••■ .- . 7 ;•■ -v • -; •■ - .
tie faeiA. Wf^sa w«O tt!ut e«4i?n«»; fStc
' - ■ ■
o-I ifc? 1 - <tf«:ar ci-ts Trj.a! B*iti«- iiaJ^in£.
SELF DENIAL HI SAVHS
Ca= c*v*r 2-ti* yssa ri>:2s.. . Fißrtrin^ *a*
5
i
for t&* ccdafißßt 'js3 «a** asas. 6!WB&flj]
"ifr a SPEGuIAT; KSBX, ■•
...
sft-Kis it.* etc* 'OTO'.-ctu.'ji?Cv - ( N'> VAk'.". Q?l!
jiwfcj 'Aar. *r* tK3>w wili»^:rf(rr.'«. tf;vv.-'Js'«r-
-5--. mtl ■ • -r ■ ..:>.' •.••.•s a.,.<, !it - .■-.■". i|>r-
rt^SM-- ■ ■ t2r-«s3ni»£j;. -X fft«H- alh¥^ !;\.j : r-
-ffhaa-^ 1 !*" Bias- Qt)i»»«.»i- X'tiifr Mfl"^ ff *;-
tnsr*. P>=»S ffisr (?ur- tf*^ ; ijTf^i^Hrfe
m*&?i WSb.SAYS-HE SHOT
HIS WIFE IN
SELF DEFENSE
Keenan Testifies in
His Own Behalf.
HE CLAIMS SHE STABBED HIM
EXHIBITS HIS CUT VEST TO THE |
TRIAL JURY.
«
The Evidence Is Now All In. the
Case Will B? Argued and Then
Submitted for a
Verdict.
Patrick Keenan, better known as Patsy
Hogan! ex-prizefighter; politician and fire
man] took the stand yesterday morning In
Judge Dunne's court und testified that
when he sped the bullet that caused his
wife's death and landed him in a mur-
Jerer'a ceil he didjso in defense of his life.
He said that his dead wife plunged a
knife Into his breast three times before
be shot her, and as he pulled the trigger
nis strength gave out from loss of blood
arid l.- fell back on the bed. When the
jfflcers came he was still lying on the bed
uid the knife was still buried a. third of !
is length in his tle&h.
When Keenan took the stand he first
gave a brief history of the troubles that \
led to a separation between himself and
his wife, finally reaching the day of the !
tragedy. He said that after dinner en
that day he and his wife went into an
adjoining room, where he again appealed
to her to forget the past and again take
Up life with him. To his appeals she had
but one answer, "I don't love you any
more, Keenan, and I ne*er will live with
you again." "is there some other man
you love?" he said, and she answered,
"Yes, there Is, but it's none of your d
business who it is."
"1 told her that she was in a had bu- .
mor," continued Keenan, "and was telling
me that which was not true. 1 never
doubled her fidelity, so her words ha I but
little •it et on me. and then I said to her,
•Well. Anna, kiss me and I will go." She r
was pulling: the string of a shoe and said;
'Give me jour knife. ••Man.' I did so
and then started to put my arm around
her neck l to kiss her when she stabbed
me. 1 felt a burning sensation and '0 ild !
feel the blood running down my breast.
I started to unbutton my clot I to se-j
how bad 1 was injured when she same
up behind me and again stabbed me. She
was between me and the door, and as I ,
started out 1 was again stabbed, ?o I
drew mv revolver and struck her on the
head. She screamed and grappled itif,
and then the pistol went off once. twice,
perhaps three times. Then l fainted, t
pn^ss. as I remembered nothing from
that time until I awoke in the Receiving
Hospital."
Keenan then showed his cut vest to th*
jury, and besides exhibited powder marks
on. his face, which, he said, were caused
by the explosion of the pistol when his '
wife, grappled with him. He further tes
tified that his wife once called at the en- i
gine house where- he was employed and I
asked him for her father's watch and I
some money. He refused to comply with i
her request, and then she threatened to
kill him if the opportunity presented it- j
pelf. A Mr. Hudson was present and i
heard the threat. After K< enan had been .
cross-examined by the prosecution the
case was continued until this morning for
nrcinp.ent.- ______________
ACCIDENTALLY KILLED
BY HIS OWN SHOTGUN
W. S. JONES MEETS A TRAGIC
DEATH NEAR BADEN.
Stumbles Over a Twig and the Fowl
ius. Pi°ce Is Discharged Sever
ing the Jugular Vein.
sslstant of
i ■ cnona . of the Pacific •
• and
■ v killed by the ac- I
' ■ ■ . ■: ■• harge of his gun while out
■ lalupe ranch, rear
rday morning.
• his' home, 257 I !hi stnut
lock yesterday morning,
■■lend, bent on a day's .
i. try. Three hours la
g a hill in the vicinity of
-hi in the under
WILLIAM S .lONJ
brush and as he fell one barrel of his i
shotgun was discharged; th<> load of shot
lodging in his neck and severing .the .pit;
ular. He dropped to the ground', and by '
the time his.\compahlon ; who was but a I
short Distance away when **■ accident '
occurred; reached his side he was dead. !
The Coroner of S;m Mateo County was !
notified and t ho boity was removed to Ha- !
<jpn. wfcerc an inquest was held and a;
verdict of accidental nth was rendered.
The ; remains were then brought to this
city and taken- to Halstcd's undertaking
parlors on Mission street.
Deceased was born in Swansea, ' Wales, ■
thirty years ago and came to this eoun- j
try when a boy. making his home with >
the family of his uncle, W. A. Jones, on I
[Chestnut street. A brother. A: 8. .Jones, i
resides at the name address. Mr. Jones |
was formerly with the PacilV: Mall ■
Steamship Companyj bn; bad been with ,
the. Pacitic Ocean line for the last wo i
years. lie was a Mason, and also be-'.;
longed to the Marine Engineers" A<s". |
elation; The funeral will l>e held from ;
Mnso^fc Ti-m])!e W'eiinesCayt afternoon.
Che limbslliSh:iicnt of Stationery
Every rare is in ■:• n In the- stamping of i ;
note papers to maintain the'jWinc high !
Btxinda:d of esctlienico whlch'Vu;harHcterji
:zrs the house of Cooler & do. While 1 ;
other houses tfavc^formed a cobiblnation'ri
jiiid rni.^iMl prices : early EO.per csbt for en- i <
graving and Btampl! :c. Co p & J*oi ma'n->4
tain their former latcs; which urc iva'-'H
sonable-,-yCt copsistent -vit.i th superior-" 1 '
Ity of their productionsx "''\' * :'
: » » « \ i i
Coroner Hiii's Expianation
Coroner Hill has written a. letter Ho the
widow of James Perry, whose fun< i V ■■'■■•■ ;
prevented on Sunday by reason a tlie j
absence of a 'i' a.l certificate. Th • tol
i;wi'ig is an extract from the letter:* '
•'The rf-rtilicate in this particular case !
was undoubtedly surreptitiously remlved !
from the office but by whom at this :ime |
lam not prepared to -'ate." '. !
. <. . •
Snunders-Davies Will WeJ.
LONDON, Aug. 21.— The Times
: ■.-.. marriage of At ■
thur Tlctoi - •' ■ '
Ppmbrokesjiiro, and Miss Mabel Daugiri
W< ■rh uff -• Ta< a
The Crystal Hot Sea BRths.
Physicians recommend, the Crystal warm sea i
Her nih and swlmmlns baths. North Beach. »j
THE AMERICAN SHIP KENILWORTH SECURING A CREW AFTER
LYING ELEVEN DAYS IN THE STREAM.
TO-NIGHT THE
PENNSYLVANIA
MEN GO HOME
No 111 Feeling Toward
Californians.
The Pennsylvania men will be mustered
nut to-day and to-nipht they will start
for their homes. It Is a two-battalion
regiment and the process of paying off
will not take so long on thai account, bo
the regiment should be able to get away
easily at the hour it has decided upon—
■I o'clock from the Oakland mole. There
will be no parade of the regiment through
the streets. Each man will make his own
way to the ferry and over to the trains
waiting on th.- mole.
el Barnett declares the regiment
San Francisco with every feeling
of gratitude to the people of the city
and of esteem for the First Regiment. He
is particularly emphatic about this, for
all kinds of statements about the rela
tions between the Pennsylvania men and
the California men ha\.- been put In cir
culation. From the first story that the
California men s.'iot into che Pennsyl
vania Regiment at the battle of Malate
to the yarn that the California men were
sent to Negros [sland to prevent trouble
between the two regiments, there has
been said nearly everything that can be
Imagined. All these stories Colonel Bar
nett denies. At Malate, he says, the Cali
fornia nun were In the rear of tb< Pc n
sylvania men for a venue, but it was
something that was likely to happen at
any time. The report had it that the
WATCH THE DOME OF THE CALL BUILDING.
KEEP your eye on the dome of the tallest structure in town. If
you do so. you will know exactly when the transport Sher
man has reached the homestretch and is about to enter the harbor.
Immediately after the ship is sighted by the Merchants' Exchange
The Call will send up from the dome of its building a box kite, the
same as used by the United States Weather Bureau. Attached to
this kite will be a sixt^n-foot flsg, which will be sent to a point
300 feet above the dome, thus making it 615 feet from the ground.
This will be of sufficient height to be seen not only by the resi
dents of San Francisco, but also by thosa of the neighboring towns.
Every one will thus have the promptest kind of notification, and
can make his or her preparations accordingly for participating in
the welcome to "the boys." Be sure to keep your eye on the dome.
California men had killed half a dozen
Pennsylvania™. Colonel Barnett says
there was but' one mar. of his command
shot in the back at Ma late. He was a
man named Bradley, who was on out
last duty, and before he could get back
to the line the fight opened. He was in
front of the California men, but he was
also in front of his own comrades, who
were between him and the CaHfornia^reg-
Iment He might have been shot by his
own regiment as well as by any other
the unfortunate circumstances of war
The California men and the Pennsylvania
men have always been friends, according
to colonel Barnett's statement and he
The men o'ttho Foniwylviuila n«simcm
Stf£KM r S
;,nv ! t.o much money to spend even on
oth™ day that the reception committee
would like to have men to assist «n decor
ating th*» city. 165 men from the lennsM
vanla Regiment volunteered although
they knew they would be called on the
day before they were mustered out. in
view oft hi- fact the offer of a* similar
number of men from, the Colorado Regi
ment was accepted in order that in^c
Should! be no fear of delaying the Penn
sylvania boys.
All this goes to prove that some one Is
trying to bre« d trouble for the California
men and 111-feeling between- the returning
volunteer regiments. 11 is fairly sa . fe ,>S
way that other stories as sensational and
fanciful are no more true than those men
tion, d.
Th( Nebraska men will be mustered out
to-morrow. Their papers have all been
lr.ade ready and arrangements for sena-
Ir.t them lioiue have been completed. it
is not thought that the regiment will
start East before Friday morning, as the
/i!. wish to travel through the best parts
of the road home during the daytime.
Camp room for three regiments of regu
lar infantry- are being prepared at the
Presidio. 'I he regiments will come with
in the next week: One will come from
Fort Mi ad< . Pa. ; on< from Fort Logan,
< 'o'.o. and a third from Fort Thomas. Ky.
They ri ,- all recruited up to their full
strength, mid altogether will make a
total of more than 1000 men. They will
i,,. kept at the Presidio for a month or
more, most of which time will be spent on
the hooting ranges and in drill. In all
its election of troops 'or the Islands
from the casual camp, the Government
takes only those nun who have een ser
vice or who have been under discipline 1
and instruction Hi the ramps for at least
a month, In tills way they get > nly well-
drllled and partially seasoned men to put
in the Held. A most rigid examination is .
a!so made of every man, and even though
he may have passed once, if it be found
Unit he is not in every way physically fit
for service in the islands he is dis- '
charged. . .
The men of the Colorado* regiment
were entertained at the various theaters
last evening. '1 hey were Invited to the
(.irphc-um, tnr Grand Opera House, the
Columbia and the California, Over 1000
tickets were issued to them.
Chaplain Charles W. Freeland, now on
duty with the recruits at the Presidio,
has'neen ordered to Manila. He v. ill leave
on the transport City of Puebla.
Lieutenant Colonel Marion P. .Minis, in-,
spector general. of the department, has
been ordered to Yosemltc Valley to carry
out verbal Instruction received from the
department commander.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Frederick C.
Weaver and Acting Assistant Burgeon
Maxwell Simpson have been ordered to
duty on the transport City of Puebla.. ,
Hospital Steward Ash ford Twigg and Pri
vate Herman Manheim, Hospital Corps,
will make the journey with them.
, Second Lieutenant Cyrus A. Dolph, '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1899.
Fourth Infantry, has hern ordered to !
duty with th*> recruits at thf> Presidio.
Captain Edward YV. Roblnpon. Thirty
fifth Infantry, has boon ordered to pro
ceed to Vancouver Ha/ racks to report to
the commanding officer of his regiment
ity there.
ate i harles Hntrhkips of the Ore
gon Regiment, who was left In the- hospi
tal when the Oregon boys went home,
died Sunday nisln of typhoid fever. He
will be buried to-day xin the post ceme
tery.
Captain Charles E. l.orke. assistant
surgeon of the First <'olorado Volunteers,
who served In the war of the rebellion,
has been presented by the Colorado Soci
ety, Sons of the American RfVohltiin, !
with gold Insignia of society, for service s
rendered his country during the late cam- ,
paign in the Philippines.
MERCHANT OTA GETS
A HABEAS CORPUS WRIT
CLAIMS THAT HE IS REALLY
A RESIDENT MERCHANT.
Genpral Barnes Will Plead His Case
Before Judge De Haven in ths
Federal Court T o-Day.
W. H. L. Barnes applied to United
States Judg< de Haven yesterday for a
writ of habeas corpus "ii behalf "f S.
Ota, a Japanese, who bad been denied a
landing by United States Immigration
< 'ommissioner North.
The petition for the writ recited that
Ota Is an American citizen and a taxpayer
of tli" city and countj of Ban Francisco
and "f tlii' State of California; that he Is
;, member of the firm of Ota & Sanada,
dealers In Japanese goods at 1518 l'<>lk
street, and has been a resident ol San
Francisco for <-iu r ht years. The petition
• avers that Ota returned to Japan
■ March for the purpose >>f buying
wherewith to replenish his stock,
:in<i thai he did so purchase about $5000
worth That he returned on the Hong-
Is ■ g Maru on August 5, and after being
pxamlned by the State an«l Federal quar-
antine officers was given free pratique,
but that he was debarred from landing by
United States Immigration Commissioner
North on the ground 'that Ota was an
alien immigrant and afflicted with a loath
some disease. ' The petition denies both
charges.
General Barnes in presenting the peti
tion complained thai Ota was kept with
out food or water or bed clothing from
Friday until Sunday, and that when his
partner. Sanada, went with necessaries
for Ota the things were rudely taken
away from him, and Sanada was, meta
phorically, kicked downstairs.
Judge de Haven set this morning at 11
o'clock as the time for the production of
Ota in court.
■ » »
TRAFFIC MEN RETURN.
Slubbs nnd McCormick Make an Im
portant Change While in
the East.
Messrs. Stubbs, McCormick and Sprouie
of the traffic department of the Southern
Pacific Company returned Sunday morn
ing from t lie prolonged visit they have
been makinp in the Blast, and which was
uti't rtaken for the purpose of introducing
Tr;i fTii- Manager McCormick to the differ
ent subordinates under his charge along
the hundreds of miles of railway that he
exercises control over.
While In Chicago these gentlemen at
tended a meeting of .he Western, North
western and Southwestern passenger as
sociations, each of which had sent its
executive officers there to convene and
talk over matters of general Interest, for
tin purpi ■'• of arriving at a more saus
ry understandinx on many vexa
tious matters connected with the trirtic
ends nf tlvir various roads. What were
the particular interests to be looked after
by the Southern Pacific officials Mr.
Stubbs would not say. liut the supposi
tion is that they were mfcrely in the vicin
ity when they learned thiit some carving
was to be done, and they sat in to be
sun- they would not miss their pound A
lie sh.
The only important change that has yet
manifested itself as a result of the trip Is
the appointment of S. F. 13. Morse, gen
eral passenger agent of the Atlantic sys
tem, to the additional important positions
of passenger traffic manager () f the G., S.
and I-., the Houston and Texas and the
Texas and New Orleans lines, and assist
ant traffic manager of the Southern Pa
cific.
A New Bank.
I ''-mission has been granted by the
Bank CommfSßlonera for the opening of a
new bank Iri Ventura County, to be known
as the Hunk of Oxnarri. The capital BtocK
la 550.-000. of which .Vi per cent has been
subscribed. The officers are: President.
E C. Howe: vice president and treasurer,
.1 o. Drifllll: secretary and cashier. Jay
g . ; cc; directors, 11. T. Oxnard, J. G. Ox-
J. A. DrifflU, X- C. Howe, L. W.
Andrews, y. W. Hellman and J. A.
G raves.
Bank Gone Out of Business.
The Bank Commissioners have been of
ficially notified that through the efforts
of the Attorney General the County Bank
of Ban Luis Oblspo has been declared in
solvent and thrown into liquidation by
the court of that county. The affairs have
been turned over to the directors, repre
senting the commission, to wind up the
bank.
■ ♦ ■ — ; — . . .
i Ladles' tailor-mad* suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. 'Rothschild; 334 Pest St.
THE KENILWORTH
SECURES A CREW
OF ABLE SEAMEN
All Hands Disliked
First Mate.
After lying eleven days in the stream
awaiting a crew the American ship Kenil
worth will probably pet away to-day. A
crew was put aboard, but when the men I
found thai li. St. Clair, late of the Dfr-
Igo, was lirst mat-- they refused to X" in
the ship. Si. Clair had trouble with the
crew of the Dirigo during the voyage from
New York to Yokohama, and the sailors
remembered It. Finally Captain Taylor
had tM let St. Clair go and ship John
Boyce in his place. Then the sailors ob- !
jected to a lot of "green" hands that
formed part of the crew, and these were i
put ashore yesterday and A. R.s shipped
in their place. The Kenilworth will now
get away without any further delay.
Captain "Nick" Roslch Is now master
of the schooner Occidental, Captain
Brandt having- been promoted to the man- i
agership of Gray & Mitchell's office at
Eureka. Rosich was formerly master of
the schooner Fortuna. He and Captain
Brandt had a bet of a new hat over the J
sailing qualities of their vessels, with tl.e i
result that a race to Bureka was ar
ranged. The Fortuna easily outsailed tbe
1 ' '■> Idental, and Captain Rosicb was jubi
lant. Now. however, that he has been
given the command of the Occidental,
which is a much larger vessel, he is cer
tain that his new boat can beat the For
tuna. t'aptain Luberg, late first mate of
the Occidental, is now captain of the
Fortuna, and is ready at any time to give
Captain Rosich a race.
The tug Reliance was out on the bay
yesterday with a party of Santa Fe cill
cials. A visit was paid to the t'nion Iron
Works, where a new ferry-boat is helm:
built for the railroad, and "from there the
party went to Point Richmond and- in
spected the work being done at the ter- ]
minal of the road.
The steamer Humboldt. owned in San
Francisco, is doing remarkably well on
the Seattle-Skaguay run. She la crowded
with passengers every trip, and on sev
eral occasions has lowered the record.
( >n her last voyage she made the run
from Seattle :■> Skaguay in seventy hours,
l"i;itr five hours twenty minutes faster
than any record mad- by any steamer.
The steam schooner Navarro has been
purchased by Bender Bros, from A. W.
}'.. : 1 1 ! ; . ■ & Co. She will continue in the
coasting trade, carrying lumber for her
n< w owners.
A demented woman was found on Fre
mont-street wharf by Special Officer Fi.?
gerald. She could not tell her name hut
slid she came from Vallejo. She had on
very little clothing and no hat, so tno
officer removed her to the Harbor Police
Station. Yesterday morning Corporal
Cockrlll found her hat. some of her tin
derclothes, a loaf of bread and a purse
containing 1<» cents on the wharf. The po
lice are trying to find her friends.
VALLEY ROAD DIRECTORS
APPOINT NEW OFFICERS
W. A. BISSELL ELECTED A MEM
BEB OF THE BOARD.
His Authority as Assistant Traffic
Manager Will Extend to the Santa
Fe and Southern Califor
nia Roads as Well.
The board of directors of the Valley
road held a meeting yesterday afternoon ;
nt wbicb \V. A. Bissell was elected a j
member of the board In" the pface of H. C. \
Hush, resigned. The resignation of Bush
calls f'>r no comment, as he had only
been elected a temporary member of the
board to act .while Mr. Bissell was absent :
from the city.
Mr. Blssell's office will br in this city,'
and his Jurisdiction will extend, as as- I
Distant traffic manager, over the Santa Fe
system, the Valley and .Southern Califor
nit roads.
Officers were elected to mi vacancies in
the staff, which now stands as follows: I
J. D. Spreckels, chairman of the board;
Si P. Etipley, president; A. H. Payson,
vice president; Alexander Mackie, secre
tary: L. C. Doming, assistant secretary; !
Godfrey Holterhoff Jr.. treasurer; H. \V. i
Gardiner, assistant treasure- Victor Mor- I
liV.-.'tz, general counsel: H. c. Whitohead, i
general auditor; J. P. Whltehead, control- '
ler; C. N. Sterry, genera! solicitor.
The balance of the meeting wan taken i
up with the inspection of accounts and
reports and th* 1 Rener.il routine business
connected with the road.
SEAMEN SUSPENDED.
Captains O. F. Bollrs and J. K. Bulger '
United States inspectors of local and for
eign steam vessels, rendered a decision
yesterday suspending for thirty days the
licenses of N. Holler, mister, and Patrick
Hayes, engineer of the steamer Sea Gull
for negligence.
The steamer arrived at Spear street
whart on July 2U with a cargo of salt
from Mount Bden Creek. As soon as she
was made fast the captain went home
without having left any instructions to
his two deck hands and his engineer as
to the care of the vessel, she being in a
li ;iky condition. At 5 o'clock the next
morning the steamer capsized at the
wharf, and the crew, who were sleeping
on board, barely managed to escape
drowning.
The inspectors censured Master Moller '
for negligence In leaving the steamer in !
such a condition, and included Engineer I
Hayes, because he failed to report to the
United Star.;- inspectors the fact that the
Bteamer was leaking.
-.-■<» •
High. School Examinations.
Final examinations of all those who
have not been examined for admission to
high schools will be held on Monthly.
Tuesday and Wednesday of next week
from 9 in the morning to ?. in the after
noon. Exnmlnation of girls will occur at
the Girls' High School, on Scott street,
near Geary: of boys at the Lowell High
School, Sutter street, near Gough.
METAL INDUSTRY
BOOMING IN THE
UNITED STATES
Naval Officer' Irish
Brings News.
ALL MECHANICS ARE WORKING
DEMOCRATS TRYING TO GET
RID OF W. J. BRYAN.
Say He Induced Members of His Party
in Congress to VoteTw-nty Mil
lions to Pay Spain for the
Philippines.
rolonel John P. Irish. Naval Officer at
this i>ort, lias just returned from a flying
visit to the East. He spent four days
in Washington and several days in Du
buque, la., his old stamping ground.
Colonel Irish reports a greal increase In
the demand for manufactured iron and
steel products, which demand be ascribes
to the substitution of metal for wood in
large buildings. The industry is thriving
remarkably all throughout the Bast, and
all the establishments are running full
blast. There are very few if any compe
tent mechanics unemployed. But, strange
as it may appear, the men who furnish
the ore are not getting the benefit of the
increased price f'>r the iron products, they
bring now engaged in filling contracts
made prior to the boom, ami they will all
be happy when they shall have finished
these contracts, wages in the metal
workers' departments also have risen.
There is also an Increased demand for
aluminum for electrical work, it being be
lieved to be as good us copper for that
purpose and having the advantage of
lightness.
Colonel Irish saw many indications
while In the East that (julte an influential
element\ln the Democratic parts- is try
ing to unload William J. Bryan off the
back of the party, but he doubted whether
the attempt would be successful. Bryan's
action in getting Democratic votes in i'i>n
gres= to ratify the peace treaty with
Spain and to pay that nation $20,000,000 for
the Philippines was inconsistent with his
later course and utterances. The propo
sition to subsidize the Sultan of Sulu and
to allow the Mohammedans of that island
to practice polygamy has created a strong
feeling in the East, such a concession br
ing believed to he repugnant to the prin
ciples underlying the 1 nited States con
stitution. Colonel Irish found the Dem
ocracy badly muddled and not nearly so
strong or compact in organization as it
was during the last Presidential cam
paign
SIX THOUSAND DOLLARS.
Duty on the European Plans for Mrs.
Hearst's Gift t~ the University.
The European competitive plans for the
University of California consigned to Mrs.
Phebe Hearst arrived from Paris yester
day and were at once passed through the
Custom-house. M. Tussaud, the repre
sentative at Paris of the university, stated
in the Invoice mat the plans were valued
at 120,000 francs, which is equivalent to
|23,fi00 in United States gold coin. Ap
praiser Dare assessed the duty at $6000,
Customs Brokers P. W. Belllngall, repre
senting Mrs. Hearst, and George Reed,
representing the university, called upon
Port Collector Jackson and laid the mat
ter before him. The Collector agreed to
make a strong appeal to the Secretary of
the Treasury to have the plans admitted
duty free, the valuation being preposter
ous and made for the purpose of insur
ance.
In the meantime Messrs. Bellingall and
Reed furnished a bond in the sum of $60,
--000 that the duty would be paid in case the
Secretary of the Treasury shoulu so or
der. The plans were then taken to :); •
rooms of the university committee in the
ferry building and opened. »
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PRIZEFIGHTERS
BY THE SCORE,
The Opinion of An Ex-Champion
in Regard to the Material of
Which Men Who Succeed in
the Ring Are Made.
PHYSICAL TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT.
"There are plenty of men," said a
vanquished knight of the saw-dust
arena, recently, "'who could win laurels
in the ring: were it not for certain ifs,
and they are not of very huge propor-
tions either."
"Do you mean that the men are not
very big?" asked a bystander.
"No. the ifs," was the reply. "You
see It is this way. Men don't take care
of themselves. See? They let a weak-
ness or disease get the better of them
before they go to a doctor who knows
his business, and they're Boon goners."
That the above statement contains
more truth than poetry no sane man
will deny. The ex-pugilist should have
added, however, that specialists of
known integrity and ability, who cure
nothing but disease and weakness of
men, should be consulted.
Dr. Meyers & Co., the noted special-
ists, have devoted more than eighteen
years to the study of all diseases and
weakness of men. Their staff is com-
posed of physicians and surgeons of the
highest standing, graduates from the
best schools and hospitals of both
America and Europe.
They make no charge for consulta.
tion Or advice, and furnish without cost
.to the patient all the remedies, appli-
ances, etc.. necessary to effect a quick
and permanent cure.
As a guarantee I>r. Meyers & Co. will
let the patient deposit the price of a
cure In any bank In San Francisco, try
be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. after he is
entirely well. If it is not convenient
t.i do "this payments may be made In
weekly or monthly installments.
There are men in every city, town
and school district throughout the
West who have been cured by Dr.
Meyers' successful home-cure system.
If you cannot call write for private
book* diagnosis sheets, free advice,
prices and other particulars. Corre-
spondence solicited. All letters confi-
dential. No printing on envelopes or
packages to indicate name of sender.
Dr. Meyers & Co. are located at "31
Market street, this city.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
enthusiastic appt.\use' GREETS
THE GREAT DOUBLE BILL.
"Cavalleria Rusticana"
AND
"I PAGLIACCI."
Nothing Like It in T«*rs!
Enormous Demand for Seats!
The Success of All Successes!
CAST FOR TO-NIGHT
Signors Avedano, Falassa, WanreH,
Fonari, Zani. Miss Holmrs, Miss Beckwith.
Miss Anna Uchtcr, Miss Ella Prosnltz, Etc.
POPULAR PRICES -25 and 50 Cents.
Telephone for Seats. Hush 9.
. __ ■ — :
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••eg
• . . •
• . -ZZ I I •
• ©
• The large number of patrons who crowded o
I " our BLACK and COLORED DRESS GOODS S
% . aisles during the business hours of yesterday ©
J was the most satisfactory proof that the va- |
• rious lines advertised by us on Sunday to be 8
• on sale throughout the present week were •
© found to be as we expressed it, •
I "POSITIVE BARGAINS AT THE PRICES 2
2 QUOTED." 2
• The same exceptional values will continue •
© to be offered until the supply is exhausted.
© . ■ •
I DRESS LININGS I
9 S
• v 20 pieces 36-inch Black Ground Fancy Stripe Sea •
§ Island Taffeta Skirt Lining's, assorted in three CDlorings, §
9 all of the newest shadings. Good value for 15 cents •
2 ocr yard. §
| Special Sale Price, 10c Per Yard. 2
•i •
9 •
j jp»& j
• [/(/ Murphy Bi>"ciln«?. * 2
% Marist aii Jones Streets. %
|
AMUSEMENTS.
"CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS.
ALHAMBRA THEATER, SATURDAY EVENING,
ALnAIVikSKA IntAltK, se tember 2. 1899.
MONSTER BENEFIT
— TO-
JOHN W. SLADE £E£,l.«.*
John W Slade, member of Cbmoany A. First California Volunteers, who was shot in the
right lee at San Pedro Macatl, which necessitated amputation, to assist him In his misfor-
tune a benefit will be given at the Alhambra Theater on September 2.
Volunteer Talent Respectfully Solicited- for
That Evening,
EVERY CENT GOES TO THE BENEFICIARY.
N B —Reserved seats now on sale at the office of the promoters. A special- sale will
be held at Sherman. Clay .v- Co.'s on MONDAY, August IS, from in a. m. to 4 p. m. Ad-
dress all communications to E. R. MOSS, room 203. Emma Spreckels building. .
CHUTES^ AND ZOO.
TO-NIGHT'S THE NIGHT!
THE AMUSEMENT EVENT OF THE YEAR.
MAGNIFICENT IRODUCTION OF FRANCIS POWERS' CHINESE TRAGEDY,
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE
RECEPTION FUND
FOR THE RETURNING VOLUNTEERS.
Wonderful Juvenile Cast - - - - Original Scenery • ■ - ■ Original Music.
BY COURTESY OF THE ALCAZAR, in conjunction with a BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
SEATS AT THE EMPORIUM OR BY PHONE, STEINER 1851.
CLAYCLEMENT —
/ .: \ HALL AND STALEY,
In His Successful Romantic Comedy, FREEZE BROTHERS,
"A QniTTHFRN McrMAHON AND KING*
A JSUU 1 llJuriri THE CARDOWNIES,
____,— i-«Tlfr A , TM CARON AND HERBERT,
GENTLEMAN £SMEKA r D T '"° *"• "'"""•■
A COMPANY OF EXCEPTIONAL EXCEL- ALEXANDRA DACMAR,
A Beautiful anf Artistic Production. AMERICAN BIOCRA PH.
Reserved seats, 2oc: balcony, 10c; opera chairs
NeXt Week "THE NEW DO ONION." a Matinees, Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
CALIFORNIA _THEATER. /\^.(]AZAR TH ™
AN OVERWHELMING
FUNNY FARCE. last week but one of
A Spasm of Laughter I A Wonderful Health MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
Throughout. Provoker. TO -night. i HI! I T
HOUSE PACKED TO TH E DOORS, to-morrow LA fili I P
WARDE A SACKETT'S NIOHT
COMEDIANS ! Thursday, Friday. Saturday, Sunday night»
•_-"■« and Saturday matinee,
In the Great Success From Hoyt's Theater, ' nfXMrzg-X AlVirv 1111 ,__
A BACHELORS HONEYMOON ROMEO — JULIET *
■ popular prices always Next Week INGOMAR
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
/£ KfffJr W^aLjpK^cffl^/BK^S^B| ; THE nEST entertainment IN the
t^^^l^v'-iP^ *1 **'^ sl'w < <$! A llap P y Combination of Delightful Melody and
#Jgf&SgSG; [ CLOVER!
>OCX I. *ir >1° ID •* Received Last Night With Deafening: Applau»»
=--—-=~=^=— -■—"»-■■ and Shouts of Laughter by a
Choicest TrUiTS.WiMES.VeGE- next w EE iSuIS|
-tables. Grains & Grasses p^i S:
«*^^_ OP rALIFORNIA<" Orchestra ..35c nr! SOrlFamliy Circle 150
V^te!*»^ al J~**3T&Zit OrefK Circlo 2Sc;CJallery 10a
MJa'^i 4 At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat. 2Kc.
fj^il *1 i .*>inrßriVii i r lkr in* Bmncli Ticket OJlk-e— Main F.ntrancs Em-
A GTO.K\ S^OCYw (SMtilf. PI CNICL AND EXCIJRSI^r
'.y^icj^EMcrtair\jrieT\t.
. EXHIBITS TRANSPORTED fREE «™^uMi\"tZ c Ii vu p p *?-
Excursion Rates To Visitors. r> ath : SS ■J^JS^^^ii^. **.
White for Particulars " — ~" "
Kwffiffi^siia Weekly Gall $1.00 fit
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bale Rope advanced to 15c per pound.
Wheat weaker and much quieter. Barley dull.
Oats lower and quiet. Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay in excessive supply and depressed.
Xo change in Feedstuff s.
Beans and Seeds fall at the old prices.
Silver lower. Foreign exchange a fraction off.
Beef, Mutton and Lamb firm.
I 'ecU rather higher again. Hogs firm and very scarct
Advanced quotations announced for Candles.
Sugar marked down a fraction.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese continue to advance.
Free receipts of Eastern Poultry at hand.
Potatoes continue weak, but Onions are doing better
] 'egeiables continue in heavy supply.
The midsummer glut of Fruit about over.
Dried Fruit reported firm and in good demand.
Provisions quiet at former quotations.
jrain Baes quoted steady, with a good demand.
c barters.
The Ceylon loads. Merchandise for- Honolulu.
The Echo loads Lumber on the Sound foi
Valparaiso. 46s ■
The Blalrgowrie and Airacan load Wheat
at Tacoma for Europe,' the latter at 37s 6d.
The Lamoriciere was chartered prior to ar
rival for Wheat to Europe, 30s.
Weather Report.
(12ffth ' Meridian— Pacific- Time.)
San Francisco, Aug. 21," 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations m California to-day:
Eureka 58 -an Diego-.. .:. ..'.'....—
Fresno ••• 84 Sacrament SI
Los Angeles; ".■< Independence ' B6
Red Bluff/." - SOll'uma .- .........104
Ban Luis Oblspo 76 1
San Francisco data: ' Maximum' temperature,
6S; mirlmum, 2; mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. .
Cloudy weath?r prevails over Wasntngton,
Oregon and the PUiteau region; elsewhere fair
weather prevails west, of the I. icy Moun
tains. Light rain has fallen over Washington,
Oregon, Idaho and Northern Nevada.
The pressure . ha:- risen ■ rapidly over the
northwestern portion of the. -try during the
past twenty-four hours and conditions are now
favorable ?for much warmer weather. with
brisk north wlnJ in the interior of California.
The temperature .- has risen slightly over
Washington, Oregon and the' northern portion
of California. It has fallen decidedly over the
Plateau anil Rocky Mountain regions. The fall
over Northern Utah and Southern Idaho has
been over 20- degrees. ' ~ '
Showers, accompanied by • much colder
weather, will prevail over Utah and Arizona on
Tuesday. **-.: 'V -•-
Forecast .made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending- midnight August 22.:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; much
warnitr; iresh. north wind. •; •
Southern California— Fair Tuesday: cooler
in eastern portion; fresh northwest wind. •
Nevada— Partly cloudy: warmer Tuesday.
Utah— Cloudy, with showers Tuesday; cooler
in south portion. , :.',•--■■
' Ariz«n;i— Cloudy, with' showers in north por
tion; .cooler Tuesday." •' - - ; : "
San. Francisco and vicinity— Fair Tuesday;
warmer; light northwest- wind. . ;
G. H. WILLSON.
.'• '. ■ ; Local Forecas.t Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aug. ■ 21.— There was. a battle
royal between the .hulls and the bears on the
Ptock Exchange to-day. . The bulls had some
what the. advantage of position, as they were
a ntre'nehed behind a large and well distributed
i]"niand for .stocks of all varieties. Commission
ho\is«". business was on a very large scale and
the movement of prices' in th- majority of the
list was varied throughout the day, realizing
going on in a liberal way at one portion of the
list, while prices were marked up in another.
One or two stocks showed conspicuous strength,
but the tendency to advance In the railroad
list was surprisingly -uniform and took in all
grades of stacks from the highest to the. low
priced issues.' Bui there were. spots in the. in
dustrial, list which proved exceedingly vul
nerable and the persistent determination with
which the bears raided these resulted in wip
ing out the majority of gains wHich had been
achieved in the railroads, and a reduction of
practically' all that remained to fractiqnal
limits. Brooklyn Transit suffered the severest
attack from the bears all day long. It was of
fered down through successive stages, each drop
bringing out a deluge of long stock and copious
ptop-loss orders. The success of the bears with
this stock encouraged them to extend their at
tack to nther members 'if the so-called Flower
prou'p. They forced down International Paper
an extreme eight points, and. Federal Steel
suffered to the extent of 3%. People's Gas lost
over two points and Rock Island a point. The
extent Of the decline Invited hasty covering:
and there were rallies of one to three points
In the group. Manhattan, Metropolitan Street
Kail-way and Third-avenue . showed wide de
clines in sympathy, ranging from .2% to 4'.j In
the c«se of the first two named Sugar was
also vulnerable after an early sain of a point
find dropped nearly two points. Steel and
V. ire showed a remarkably drooping tendency
and other iron and steel stocks were also
heavy. The influence .this weakness In the.
railroad list was accentuated by a late mark
ing up. .of call loans to per. cent after hav
ing ruled at and below 3 per cent during the
early part Of the day. The fact remains that
a large portion of the day's business in the
list -was .done at prices above Saturday's.
There was an enormous absorption of stock
from the opening In spite of the rather heavy
tone reflected from foreign stock markets on
«ccount of disorders In Paris and the uneasi
ness over the political season- and the spread
Of th» bubonic plague. Tennessee Coal rose
buoyantly 4'< percent to par In the first few
minutes of trading.'- It went back during the
day to 57,/ but dosed- at 99. ' Louisville con
tinue^ In active demand and sold up to 83%.
A number of low-priced stocks, notably Denver
nnd Rio Grande and Northwestern, were in
good -demand and th" large organized buying
of Southern Pacific was continued. This stock
was held back by realizing and did not at any
time rise more than a small fraction, over Sat
urday. Stocks .of railroads In Colorado were
uniformly strong. on the improved conditions
In the mining Industry of that State. Atchlson
preferred, the Grangers, the Coalers. Baltimore
nnd Ohio stocks and Union Pacific were in
large demand. Very little remains of the early
gains In these stocks, which' reached a point
or over In a number of cases. American To
bacco ends with » gain of nearly 2 points.
There were a number of other more obseuro
stocks which showed strength during the day.
The bond market showed Increased activity
in sympathy with stocks. . There were con
spicuous gains In Southern Pacific 4s. Colorado
Midland 4s and Atchlson 4s. . Total sales, par
value, M.128.000 United States 3s advanced %
in the bid price.
Pharos . Closing
Sold. Stocks— • Bid.
1fi.710 Atchlson : ... 23
7.4.32". Atchison .prefd «7
4,050 Baltimore*; Ohio 53%
Canadian Pacific ..: .'.' 97
500 Canada Southern .... R4
10.000' Central Pacific .-. :...=..; <■/.%;
2.830 Chesapeake A Ohio : 28>,i
5,600 Chicago Oreat Western 15*.
10,825 Chicago Burlington & Qu-incy 136 5 ;
200 Chicago Ind& St. Louts 914
Chicago Ind& St. Louis prefd 40
?.<f\ Chicago ft Eastern Illinois 77K
300 Chicago flf Northwestern — \ 162%
Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 120%
300 C c c & St. Louis.'. :,i;^i
820 Colorado Southern hy,
•■■>- Colorado Southern, first prefd 4C%
-.'7 Colorado .Southern, second prefd — 10S
4,200 Delaware & Hudson 124V4
324 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. . 175 4
1,400 Denver & Rio Grande — .' 23
4 210 Denver &-Rio Grande prefd.. 77
800 Erie • 13%
100 Erie first prefd 3S? l *
f,40 Great Northern prefd 168
<*0 Rocking Coal 18%
2.200 Hocking Valley '. 27%
2 280 Illinois Central 4. r iVl
720 lowa Central 14'»
4.-.0 lowa Central prefd ex dlv t%
3 240 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 10%
290 Lake Erie A Western 21
•>OO Lake Erin & Western prefd SOU
• Lake Shore 201 U.
19,190 Louisville & Nashville £2%
1.150 Manhattan L IIS
400 Metropolitan Street Railway 202
1.400 Mexican Central l-">'«
1,900 Minneapolis & St Louis 75
1,400 Minneapolis. & St Louis prefd <*4*i
7,600 Missouri Pacific 49%
Mobile & Ohio m 45%
300 Missouri, Kansas & Texas 12*4
. 900 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 40%
0,200 New Jersey Central 119
4.800 New York Central 139 |
27,5.35 Norfolk & Western 25%
4.010 Norfolk & Western prefd 72%
20,750 Northern Pacific 54%
1,250 Northern Pacific prefd 77%
C.900 Ontario & Western 2o=i
Oregon Railway & Navigation 43
Oregon Ry & Navigation prefd 74
4,450 Pennsylvania 13fi
1,060 Reading 22%
725 Reading first prefd 61%
3.400 Reading second prefd 53% i
Rio Grande Western 30
.." — Rio Grande Western prefd 7S
300 St Louis & San Francisco 11%
St Louis- &S F first prefd 7" '
P3lO St Louis & S F second prefd ex dlv 37%
200 St Louis & Southwestern 17
2.600 St Louis & Southwestern prefd 3534
35,550 St Paul 184%
St Paul prefd 174 ,
St Paul & Omaha 11%
45.870 Southern Pacific 40%
6.000 Southern Railway 12%
10,780 Southern Railway prefd 54
1,700 Texas & Pacific 21%
27.VT0 Union Pacific 45%
4,800 Union Pacific prefd 78 |
300 Wabash 8
1,080 W'al ■• ■ prefd 23% '
I.COO Wheeling & Lake Erie l<i%
100 Wheeling & Lake Erie second pref . 21%
200 Wisconsin Central 16%
Plttsbnrg C C & St Louis: 7C 7 j
1 ales —
Adams . 113
American 14"
United States 5U •
Wells Fargo' 12s
Miscellaneous— :.':.
5.300 American Cotton Oil i", ',
600 American Cotton Oil prefd 94
• 250 American Malting 17
...... . American Malting prefd 67
1,4*5 American Smelting & Refining 41
1,990 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 91% j
American Spirit'; .• 5%
American Spirits prefd 17 !
2.000 American Steel Hoop ► 37%
1.075 American Steel Hoop prefd : S3
17,370 American Steel & Wire ..• 56? i
1.400 American Steel & Wire prefd SS%
2,250 American Tin Plate 42
350 American Tin Plate prefd :<o :
1.130 American Tobacco 122% '■■
200 American Tobacco prefd ■. 145
1.450 Anaconda Mining Co 56%
113,130 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 105 !
4.77.i Colorado Fuel & Iron :,2'- 4 |
4,250 Continental Tobacco 47 3 i !
2,686 Continental Tobacco prefd 97% j
10,470 Federal Steel 58
' 600 Federal Steel prefd 81%
300 General Electric .: 123% j
Glucose Sugar 65 j
Glucose Sugar prefd ....107
9.170 International Paper 35
1,200 International Paper prefd , 76
2CO Laclede Gas 5S
1.000 National Biscuit.: 4*
National Biscuit prefd ex d1v.... 99%
200 National Lead 32>
National Lead prefd 112%
500 National Steel 55% |
250 National Steel prefd 94 i
New York Air Brake ...19:
200 North American 12%
2.490 Pacific Coast .:.. 47%. |
Pacific (.'oast first prefd 85 j
1.400 Pacific Coast second prefd 65
1.275 Pacific Mail 47
6.410 People's Gas : 119%
1,000 Pressed Steel Car. o!» I
200 Pressed Steel Car prefd S'J
300 Pullman Palace Car 158
Standard Rope & Twine S%
12.700 Sugar 158%
Sugar prefd 12"
20.650 Tennessee Coal & Iron 88%
5.250 United States Leather. 9%
■ 4. ''72 United States Leather prefd 74
fiOO United States Rubber 49%
United States Rubber prefd 115%
2.1^ Western Union SSVs
706,500 Shares sold
CLOSING BONDS.
D S 2s reg 100%|M- X & T 2ds 69%
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s '.•)'.,
Do 3s coup 108% N V Cen lsts 111%
Do new 4s reg — 130% N .! Cen. gen 5s — 121
Do new 4s coup .130% N Carolina 6s. 128
Do. old 4s reg. ...112%; Do 4s 104
Do old 4s c0up. .113 Northern Pac Uts.ll3
Do 5s re 111% I Do 3s 67%
Do os coup 111% N V C & St L .107%
Di« of Col 3.655. ...117 N & W con 45...... 95% I
Ala class A.v 109 | Do gen 65. .......135 '
Do class B 109 'Or Nay lsts 113%
Do class C.......100 Do 4s 102*1
Do Currency 100 'Or Short Line 65. .130
Atch Gen 4s 102%j Do con 5s 113%
Do adj 4s 87% Reading Gen 4s 88 j
Canad So 2ds 111% |R G W l*ts 98
Ches & oh:,, 4%5.. 97% S L & I M Con 55. 114%
Do 5s 119 SLAB F Gen 65. 124
C & N Con os 119 SI Paul Con 170
Do S F Deb 55.... 122 St V C A P lsts.. 121%
Chic Term 4s 99 I Do 6s 121%
D *■ R G lsts 106 Southern Ry ...110
Do 4s 101 Stand R* T 6p.... 84
E T Va & Ga lsts. 98% Term new set 35... 95
Erie Gen 4s 72'» 4 Tex & Pac lsts 115%
F W & D C lsts.. SO Do 2ds .=>:,
Gen Elec 5s 118% Union Pac 4s 105
G H & S A 65.. .'...108 Wnbash lsts 116
Do 2ds 108 Do 2ds 100%
HiT On Ss 110% West Shore 4s 114%
Do Con 6s 112 Wls On lsts 76
lowa Cen lsts 115 Va Centuries Ss'/4
X C P & G lots.. 70 | Do deferred 5
La new con 45. ...106 C * B 4s 86%.
L & N Un 4s 99%! • • -
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar ls|Ontario 7 00
Crown Point lSJOphir 100
Con c a l & Va..... 1 90 Plymouth 08
DeadWOOd 60 Quicksilver 190
Gould & Curry.... 33 Do prefd 800
Hale * NorCTOSS.. 2.', Sierra Nevada 63
Homestake 65 00 standard 2 65
Iron Silver 50 Union Con 33!
Mexican 50 Yellow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
•Money— West Flee 50%
Call loans. ..3%®4% Do prefd 68
Time 10an5...:. 1 4^5 Wla Central 16} i
Stocks— Bonds—
Atch Top * F.. 23 Atchison 4s 100
Do prefd 67% Mining Shares-
Am Sugar.... 168%. Adventure 9
Do prefd 120 jAllouez Mm C 0.... 6%
Bell Tel 347 Atlantic 27
Boston & Albany. .2s3 Boston & Mont — 860
Boston L. .;..110 Butte & Boston 75
C h & Q.. ........ 136% Calumet & Hec1a..834%
Fltchburg prefd. ...113 Centennial 36
Mexican Cen 15 Franklin 20
Mich Tel. M Humboldt ........215-11
Old Colony 206 Osceola 89
Rubber 49% Parrot m |
Union Pacific...... 4574 < Santa Fe Copper.. 15%
Union Land 8 Winona 11% I
West End 95 Wolverines 46'» !
Do perfd 113 Utah 43%
The Money Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Money on call steady
at 2% t '&3 per cent; last loan. 3 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper. 4%&5 per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business in bankers'
bills at $4 8f%04 86% for demand and $4 Wit
4 B% for 60 days; posted rates, $4 84 and $4 S7(ij)
4 87%; commercial bills. $4 82%®4 82%. Silver
certificates. 60<Ji60*ic. Bar silver, 60c. Mexican
dollars, 47Te<'- Government bonds strong. State
bonds inactive. Railroad bonds strong.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Commercial Adver
tiser's London financial cablegram: The mar
kets "here were fairly active, but irregular to
day. The Paris riots, the Transvaal news and
the appearance of the plague In Portugal were
the disturbing factors. Consols sold down %,
partly on bear activity. Spanish 4s were 58,
Tintos 43%; other coppers were unaffected.
Americans opened rather wild, some dealers
taking handsome profits, others being inclined
to buy on the favorable conditions in the New
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1899
York market. The tone then steadied, but
prices remained under parity until New York
opened. The advance was then resumed and
the close was near the best. Norfolk and
j Western common, St. Paul and Louisville and
Nashville were the chief features.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, 99%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 794; Union Pacific preferred, 80% ; Atcht
son, 23%: Grand Trunk, 8U: Anaconda, 11%; bar
silver, 2i*». Money, 2^4 per cent.
a I A
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
! — —
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,636; exports, 3210; sales, 6000. Steady, with
holders a little inclined to grant concessions
toward the close.
WHEAT— Receipts. 176,700; exports, 32,301.
Sales, 2,400.000 futures, 208,000 spot. Spot weak.
No. 2 red., 7Sc f. <>. b. afloat spot; No. 1
Northern Duluth, So\c f. o. b. afloat to ar
rive* No. 2 red, 76c elevator: No. 1 hard
Duluth, 83%0 spot. Options opened weak at %C
decline through large Russian shipments and
unloading. Heaviness continued all day in
fluenced by favorable crop news, a disappoint
ing reduction in visible supply figures and per-
Fistent selling for both accounts. Closed weak
at * @lc net decline. Sales included No. 2 red
May 82V£@82%c, closed 82Uc; September, 76 .-16
<g77Vic, closed 76 l jc; December, 79Vi<&l»0V»c,
closed 7SV
ii' »PS— Quiet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm. ' t ,
M ETA LS— Taking the day as a whole and
the market generally, metals exhibited decided
strength to-day with substantial advances
recorded In several departments at the close.
Iron, tin and lead were leaders in the upward
movements, influenced by better cables and
good reports from production points at the
West. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
I'lGlßON— Warrants, firm, with $15 25 bid
and *15 75 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $1S 50.
TlN— Firmer, with $31 30 bid and $31 50 asked.
LEAD— Steady, with $4 50 bid and $4 65
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and
for copper (18 50.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged
to 5 points lower. Sales. 4000 bags, including:
September, $4 35; December, $4 85; /February,
$4 95; March, $5 05; May, $5 15. Spot coffee—
Rio dull and easy. No. 7 invoice, 5»«c; No. 7
jobbing , 6V Mild, quiet. Cordova, 9%@11C.
SUGAR— Raw, nominal, with weak under
tone. Fair refining, 4c; centrifugal, 96 test,
4 9-16 c; molasses sugar, 3%c. Refined, weak
and lower.
BUTTER— Receipts, 12.552 packages. Steady.
Western creamery, 17@21c; factory, 13<gl5Hc.
Receipts, 13,371 packages. Market
steady. Western ungraded. 12@15c at mark.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits quiet and unchanged.
EVAPORATED A — Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, SU(gSV&c; choice, S?i@Sc;
fancy. »@9^c.
PRUNES 3K@Bc per pound.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c: Moorpark, 14©l«c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, ll@llVijC.
a A
Chicago Grain Market.
4 : *.
CHICAGO, Auk. 21.— wheat opened weak at
a decline of about '•■,<■ for both the September
and December options, between which trading;
was about equally divided. ■ Foreign markets
were higher, though they hardly showed the
advance expected. But Russia, the Wheat
crop of which country was reported Saturday
to have suffered so. much as to preclude the
possibility of exports, reported shipments of
over a million bushels. Domestic crop con
ditions showed a big improvement and this
more than anything else influenced for the time
being the action of the market. Rains in the
Northwest had ceased and the weather was re
ported ideal for the crop. As a great deal
of buying was done last week on account of
apprehension of damage from the rains the
changed conditions brought Wheat into the
market in large quantities at around the open
ing and resulted In more or less liquidation
all day. The visible supply statement showed
a disappointingly small decrease, 19,000 bushels
instead of the 1.00n.00G bushels expected. The
general cash business was so small as not to
affect the speculative market, though bids
were not altogether out of the way, as was
shown by the working of about 40,000 bushels
of Kansas Wheat and by reports of other small
lots received. The market ran stop-loss orders
when it got below puts and though there was
considerable covering at the decline the mar
ket responded slowly to the buying and ruled
heavy to the end. September closed at 715.
--and December at 73% c.
Corn was quite active and weak. Prices were
Irregular at the start, but sellers were in a
majority and carried the prices steadily down
ward. September closed •>i*'a 7 ic lower.
Oats were quiet and weak, following Corn.
September closed %c lower.
Provisions were quiet and easy, with the
business largely in the way of changing. The
ash demand for meats was light. At the close
September Pork was 10f» 12% c" lower, Lard .'■•!
7%c lower and Ribs 2%@5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 72% 72% 71% TIH
ember 74% 74% 73% 73%
Ma-. 77*, 77% 76% 76%
Corn No. 2—
September 32'« 32% 21% 31%.
December 28% 28% 28% 88%
May 29% 2»!4 29% 29%
Oats No, - -
September 80% 20% IS*; is 7 ir
December 20% 20% 19% 19%
May 21% 21% 21% 21%
Mess Pork per barrel —
September 8 22% 825 S2O S 22%
October 8 32% 835 >- 27% 830
January 9 46 9 60 9 45 9 47%
Lard, per 100 pounds—
September .5 20 5 22% 5 17% 520
October 6 27% 630 525 525
January 5 45 5 45 6 40 5 42%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September •'■ 10 510 5 07% 610
October 512% 515 6 1214 5 12%
January 4 95 4 95 4 92 1 4 96
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: ..o 3 Spring Wheat. 89971 c; No. 2 Red.
74c- No 2 Corn, 32c; No. 2 Oats, 21%i@22c: No.
2 White. 23%@23%c; No. 3 White, 21%®23%c;
No 2 Rye, 53%@54c; No. 2 Barley, 34(543c:
Prime Timothy Seed, (255; Mess Pork, per
lib! $7 40@8 25; Lard, per 100 lbs. 15 1096 22%:
Short Rib Sides (loose). $4 90fi5 20; Dry Salted
Shoulders (boxed), 6%05%c; Short Clear Sides
(boxed) $5 50@5 60: Whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gal, $1 26.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 17.000 70.000
Wheat, bushels 65.000 4.000
Corn, bushels 272.000 456.000
Oats, bushels 686.000 214.
Rye. bushels 5,000 700
Barley, bushels 88.000 1.000
.On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creamery, 17<cf2Oc; Dairy,
13017 c, Cheese, firm; 9%<Sloc. Eggs. 12% c.
*- — : *
Foreign Futures.
» — _ _ <»
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 5 11 6 00%
Closing 810-v 4 6 00%
. PARIS.
Wheat— Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 75 20 60
Closing 19 85 20 80
Opening 42 55 « 65
Closing 42 65 27 85
/{> — — #
Eastern Livestock Market.
I
e>— : : *
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Aug. 21.— CATTLE— Trade in cat
tle whs active to-day. Common grades ,were
about steady at the recent recline, while fancy
beeves sold at the best figures of the year.
Good to choice cattle, $5 75®'6 60; commoner
grades, $4 25®5 70; stockers and feeders, $3 35©
5- bulls, cows and heifers, $2©5 15; Texas
steers. »3 60® 4 95: calves, $4 nO'ii 7 10.
HOGS— i )fi prints of hoes were again large
and a weak market resulted, prices declining
about 10c all around. Heavy hogs, $4 I. .<<i4 86;
mixed lots, $4 40@4 57V4: lights, *4 50@4 87/4;
pigs, J3 60@'4 75: cullp, $2 50@4 20.
SHEEP— Smaller offerings of sheep and
lambs caused a stronger market and prices
showed a substantial abvance. Sheep, $2 SO®
3 for culls up to $4 25-&-4 50 for choice native
■wethers; Western sheep, $3 10®4 10; lambs,
S3 50(56 25.
Receipts— Cattle, 16,500; hogs, 88,000; sheep,
16.000. - ■
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, ; Auc. 21.— Consols, 106%; silver,
27% d; French rentes. 99f . 67v»c; wheat cargoes
oft coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, less offerings, 3d higher; cargoes No.
1 standard California. 30s; English country
markets, part 3d dearer; wheat and flour on
passage to United Kingdom, 2,430,000 quarters;
wheat and flour on passage to Continent, 1,450,
--000 quarters.
LIVERPOOL. Auk. 21.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, 6b ld<ff«s l%d; wheat In
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3s 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT-Spot-No. 2 red winter, firm, 3s
10Ud; No. 1 California, 6s Id's 6s 1V1; NO-2 red
Northern spring, firm. 6s 2d. Futures— Steady ;
September. 5s 10* 4 d • December, tis %d.
CORN— Spot-American mixed new. steady 3s
4 t - ! d; American mixed old, steady. 8a 4-%.1. 1*«
--tures — Steady; September, 3s 4-% d; October,
Sb 4'fcd; November, 3s sd.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK, Aug. 21.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Pears- Bartletts, $1 10
|@220 box and 40@85c half-box. Grapes-To-
I kays, $1 SO single crates. Plums— Kelseys, 35c@
j $150 single crate; Grand Dukes, Ssc<Qsl 30; Eu-
I reka, 70® Sac; Bradshaws, 60®80c; others. 60@
| 75c. Fallenbergs, $1 30 single ate
I Hungarians Ssc<fjsl2s; Gros, 70c@$l 10; Giant,
80c; Bulgarian 80c; Silver, 70c. Peaches-
Late Crawford! 70c@$l 10 box: Frees, 55@30c;
Albrights, 80(S85c; Susquehannas. 60®86c; other
varieties, Bo@B6c. Nectarines— 4o@6oc single
crate. Twenty-seven cars sold.
CHICAGO Aug. 21.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit: Pears— Bartletts, $1 *•
$2 30 box; Clairgeaus. $145; Duchess, *\»°<B
155 box; Seckles, 90c@$l 10 box. Plums—Kel
seys, 65c55105 crate: " Egg, 65c!f/$l 05; (-rand
I Duke, $120; Quackenbos, $115@123 crate.
i Prunes— Gros 70c(g$l 05 crate; Fallenberg, $1 -■;
Bulgarian. 15; German, $1 30; Silver, $1 0d
crate. Nectarines— sCK?9oc crate. Peaches—
Roseville, 60®55c box; Susquehanna, 85@70c;
I White, 35@40c; Orange. 85@90c; Lemon, 85@60c;
I Strawberry, 60@75c; Late Crawfords, 55®70c;
! Freestones. 70c. Grapes— Muscats, Sociisl I*
crate; Tokays, 75c(g$l SO; Malagas, 6oc®fl 10
crate. Twenty-one cars sold.
-Visible Grain. Snpplv.
! NETV YORK, Aug. 21.— following Is a
! statement of the visible supply of grain in store
and afloat, as compiled by. the New York Pro
duce Exchange:
- ":•■ "" ; Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 36.079.000 178.000
Corn 7,683,000 2.302,00)
| Oats 4,038,000 162,006
i Rye 623.000 151.000 .
■ Barley 406.000 8,000
Cash in the Treasury.
j WASHINGTON. Aug. 21.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $274,635,854; gold reserve,
$245,460,361.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. Aug. 21.— Clearings. $367,
--730; balances, $105,300.
Northern heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Aug. 21.— Whoat— Walla Walla,
58c; Valley, 59c; Bluestem, 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 21.— Wheat opened firmer, but
continued rains is causing much injury to
the crop and giving prices a stronger tone,
though no advance in the local trade is noted.
Club, 67c; Bluestem, ■ 60c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
» - ' »
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $» S3'4
I sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S7'i
Sterling Cables — 1 SS»i
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12Vi
Mexican Dollars 49% 50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The week opened on a dull mar
ket, with a .decline In futures, though spot
quotations showed no depreciation. ' ..
Liverpool and London quotation* came
through slightly higher, hut Chicago declined,
In spite of the Improvement Abroad and a
email decrease In the visible supply. . The
crowd was disposed to pell, and the bears 'took
advantage of this to hammer the market.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 06>i«l '"'"'••: milling.
$1 I. -vi 1 12%
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session- 9:15 o'clock— December—
8000 ctls, $1 18%; 20,000, $1 13%; May—
$1 isu.
Second Session— December— 2<V>o ctls, $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 24,ooo
ctls, $1 13V 14.000. Ul3 : i- May— 2ooo. $118.
Afternoon Session — December — 6000 ctls,
$1 13%.
BARLEY— The market was apathetic and un
changed. Offerings were neglected.
Feed. 80@85c; Brewing. '■"'<■'! r< «-; Chevallor,
$1 l.vni 22V4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December- km
ctls, Ssc
Afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls, BSc.
Seller '99, new— 10.000, 83c.
OATS— The market continues listless, with
lower quotations for red and white. The de
mand Is limited.
White Jl -.'•l'-i 1>; Red, $105®! 12% per ctl;
Black. 90i 911.
j CORN Eastern large Yellow, $1 07H: White.
$1 07Vi: mixed. $1 06@l 07% per ctl.
RYE-90-592Vic per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
California family extras. $3 60<<?3 75.
! usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40-13 50; Oregon
I and Washington, $3 40#3 50 per bbl for extra,
I {3 25(g3 40 for bakers' and $2 25<<j3 for super
i fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in ' sacks are as fol
'■ lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
■ Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
j Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $ : < 25: Oatmeal, $4 5004 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, 13 2593 50; Buck
wheat Flour, iViii 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; tiled
Oats (barrels). $8 6506 95; in sacks. $6 35*66 75;
Pearl Barley. $3; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs. .
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The sensation of the day Is the advance in
bale rope to ISc. The Hay farmer seems to
be catching it all around this year. The deal
era say that this will react upon the rope
manufacturers, for It Will lead the farmers
to use wire after this. Wire Is used through
out the East, and as It costs only one-third
as much as rope It will probably be more
freely used here in the future.
Receipts of Hay were excessively heavy, be
ing 1340 tons, and the market was extremely
weak In consequence, though there was no
positive decline.
All Feedstuff* remained as previously quoted.
BRAN $] i'i*l7 )>er ton. \
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50©19 SO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFB— RoIIed Barley. $18 50 per ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27®25; Jobbing
I2S 60@2!«; Cocoanut Cake. $20©21; Cornmeal,
$23 , r iiW24 50; Cracked Corn, $24i5'25: Mixed Feed,
116016 60; Cottonseed Meal, J2S per ton.
HAY— Wheat, $6 6008 50 for common to good
and $9 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7*39; Oat,
$6#B: Barley. J5f?J7: Island Barley, $4 50tf?5 50;
Alfalfa, $5@7 per ton; Compressed Wheat,
19610.
STRAW— 2O®3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The dullness In Beans continues, and the
feeling Is rather weak than otherwise.
BEANS— Bayos. Jl 70@l SO: Small White. $2 05
@2 15; Large White, $1 60@l 65; Pinks, $2 15®
2 25; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 15@4 25; But
ters, nominal; Ltmas. $4 10®4 15; Pea. $2 15@
2 35; Red Kidneys. $2@2 25 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 2'i-'S3c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax. $1 90(52 10: Canary Seed,
2%4?3c per Ib for California and 3^c for East
ern; Alfalfa, RU,ffi9ii.c; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@
4Hc; Timothy, nominal.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25@1 50; Green, $150
©2 per ctl. -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes still stand at the same prices, but
Onions are firm. There Is little change in
Vegetables.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles. 90c<re$l; Early
Rose, 750'90c : Burbanks. 75@90c per ctl; Sa
linas Burbanks, $125^140; Sweet Potatoes,
2(J?2'4c per lb.
ONlONS— Sscfisl 10 per ctl /or Sllversklns:
Pickle Onions, 50076 c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. I%©2c per 11>;
String Reans, I(ff2c; Lima Beans, 2@2%c; Cab
bage, 60960 c; River Tomatoes, 40®60c; Egg
Plant. 35@40c; Green Okra, 35<??60c per box; Gar
lic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 35@40c lor Chill and
40© 50 c per box for Bell: Carrots. 30@40c per
sack; Bay Cucumbers. 20@25c; Pickles, 6i)c for
No. 1 and 40c per box for No. 2; Summer
Squash, 20®25c; Marrowfat Squash. $15 per ton;
Green Corn. 2r,<?775c per sack, 75c@$l per crate
for Alameda and 40(&60c for Berkeley.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern came In nnd sales were
made at 13@14c for Turkeys. $1 CO for Geese.
$4 for Ducks, $6@6 50 for Hens, $7 for young
Roosters. $5 for old Roosters and Fryers and
$3 50 for Broilers.
. Local stock was nominal In th« absence of
receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@l3c for Gob
blers and ll@l3c for Hens; Young Turkeys.
15@17c; Geese, per pair. $1 25@1 50; Goslings,
$150@2; Ducks $3*5/3 50 for old and $3 50® 5
for young; Hens, $3 60@5; young Roosters, $5®
6; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers. $4<g4 50; Broil
ers, $3®3 50 for large, $2 50@3 for small ;
■ - - ■ '.■■■■'•
Pigeons, $1 f.o®l 75 per dozen for old and $1 75
@2 for Squabs.
GAME — Doves 50c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The tendency in everything under this head
Is upward. Some dealers are quoting Butter
at 26c. but "this figure can hardly be given as
a flat quotation. Eggs are also higher, and
Cheese Is bringing lie In a small way. Stocks
of everything are more moderate than of late.
BU'X"J XX—
Creamery — Fancy creamery, 25©28V»c; sec
onds, 23@24c. • , . „
Dairy— Fancy, 22y 2 (??23^c; good to choice, 20
v 2:!c; store, 17© per lb.
Pickled rol«, t»<jj>2lc; nrKin. 16@18c: creamery
tub. 20(S21Uc ncr lb. . 
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10%©llc; old.
10c: Young America, 11®11%c; Eastern, 131il.>c
EGGS— at lß@22Hc for store and --i
©27c. per dozen for ranch; Eastern,* 18*4@2Oc
«or Beiectea, lb'fllTc lor .No. 1 ana i4'ui<n: lo!
seconds. ;
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The midsummer glut Is apparently pretty
■well over, and Peaches and Pears are both In
lighter supply and selling better, though the
latter are still cheap. There Is no movement
in Plums. Grapes and Melons continue abun
dant, and Cantaloupes are considerably lower.
Mexican Limes are higher.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS-
Apples, 25$i.'j0c per box for common and 60cQ
$1 15 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $3@3 50 per cheat: .
Strawberries, $C@7 per chest for small ana S3
((ii for large berries: Raspberries. $4©\, per
chest; Huckleberries. 4!g6c per lb.
Grapes. 26©40 c per box and crate for I'on
talnebleau. 25©60 c for black, _:,<><"« for Mus
cat 60960 c for Tokay and 40@75c for Seedless.
Watermelons, $2 50<ftl2 50 per 100.
Cantaloupes, '2s® soc per crate; Nutmegs, 10<§
30c per box. .
Pears-25W40c per box. according to «£*».
Bartletts 75c@$l per box for green and 20@40c
for ripe; In bulk, $15©35 per ton.
Nectarines, 40@50c per box for white and 50fJ»
"Figs 50@75c per box for double layers of
small black and 2.",!i50c for large purple.
Peaches 20@50c per box and 10ffi40c per baa
ket; in bulk. $10<S20 per ton for all kinds.
Plums 20@40c per box; Prunes, 3o(&7oc per
crate; Green and Yellow Plums, $10<&lo per
ton.
Quinces, . 50®60c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $liffl ;i0 for com
mon and $1 76©8 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes ; $4®4 60; California Limes, per
small box; Bananas, $16002 60 per bunch;
Pineapples, $102 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins..
The week opened with a quiet and un
changed market. Peaches are offering freely,
but all other kinds are In light supply thus
far and firm. Prunes have not yet fairly
opened, though the larger sizes of the new
crop are quoted as below.
DRIED FRUITS nun Crop)— Prunes. 6V*c for
40-50' 5c for 50-60's, 4c for 60-70*8, 3'4®3-T4c for
70-80's, 2»;@3>.;c for SO-90's. 2 >•</<? c for 90-100's
and 2S2i4c for ion-no's.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Pruneß, In
sacks, tVihV for 40-sO"s, 5@5%c for 60-80' s. 4 n
4>,2<-' per it. for 60-70's, 3',4c for 70-80*8, J@3V4c
for 80-90'S and 2%®2%C for 90 100's; Apricots,
lOVi^illc for Royals, 12%@15c for Moorparks:
Peaches ,1 l 6%c for Standards and 7@7%c for
'choice; Evaporated Apples. 7©7% c; Sun-dried,
4'i?sc per lb; Nectarines, B#B%c per lb; Pears,
I 7H'3S}zc for quarters and S@Kc for halves;
i Black Figs. 2Ti<?2 : * t c.
RAISINS for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown 5%C for four-crown, 44'?i6e for Seedless
Sultanas. 34<f for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2'»i@3c.
NUTS— Walnuts. s®Bc for hardshell, 10(0 lie
i for soft shell; Chile Walnuts, ll«12c; Almonds,
j new crop, 7Vjc for Languedoc and 9V£c for pa- j
per-shell; peanuts, o\<BG\c for Eastern; Brazil
Nuts, B%®9c; Filberts, ll@HHc; Pecans, 7V <! 'g
go; Cocoariuts. M .'' 98.
HONEY-Comb, lIM-c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted, 7Vi@7V4c;
! light amber extracted, 6%:g7c; dark, s^c
I per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
Are only moderately active at unchanged
quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, S'£c ' per lb for
heavy. 9®9V4c for light medium, lie for light.
12V»c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13<>@l4c; Califor
nia Hams, 13c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl; ex
' tra Mess Beef. 114; Family Beef, $15015 50; ex
tra' Prime Pork. $12 60; extra clear. $lt> 50; mess,
$15((il. : > 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD — quoted at sV»®s%c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; l.alf-barrels, pure,
VAc; 10-lb tins. 4 c; 5-lb tins. 8H&
COTTOLENE— 6%@7^»c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 1c under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. lOlfjlOVsc: medium, 9^9^c: light. 9c:
Cowhides, Pc; Stags, fie; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 28530 c each; short
Wool, 3'i<cir6«e each; medium. 70@90c; long Wool.
90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, $2512 25 for
large and $1 26@1 50 for small; Colts, 25@50e.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@4^c per lb; No.
2. 3Ji3'4c; refined, : grease, 2f/2i 4 c.
WOOL— Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, Slgllc: San Joaquin Foot
hill, defective S#9e; Valley Oregon. 17@18c;
Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9@ll^c
for fair to good.
Fall clip— San Joaquin Lambs. SfllOc; do
plains, 7(!iSc; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7»A<g!)c.
HOPS— IS3S crop. 15@17%c per lb; 1899 crop,
12',i^l3c bid and refused.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Choice Beef Is steady and will tiring the
top quotation. Veal is firm. Mutton ana
Lamb are steady at the gnoi"; prices. Hogs
continue scarce, and if receipts continue to
run light dealers expect another advance
shortly. !
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@Sc per Ih for Steers and 6^@7e for
Cows.
VEAL-— 10c per lb.
MUTTON— 7%®Bc; Ewes. 7@7^c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, BH@9c per lb.
PORK— Live hogs. s^4szsv&c for small, 6c for
medium and . r i' L .i/.i'« for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders. sVsc; dressed Hogs, 7(SSVsC
General Merchandise.
BAGS change. Calcutta Grain Bags,
7i._,,-: Wool Bags. 26®28c. Fruit Bags. 6^4c,
•i.,,- and fie for the three grades of white, ana
7'a*7 1 -.c for bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington. J8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50: Seattle,
{6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. *."; Wallsend, 17 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $9 in bulk and $10 50
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $12;
Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany has reduced its prices and now quotes,
terms net cash, in 100-lb bags: Cubes. A
Crushed and Fine Crushed, ■">'_■•■: Powdered,
f>'4c; Candy Granulated, r.' c; Dry Granulated.
.'.(■" Confectioners' A. 6c; California A. 4?ic,
Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4V 2 c: Golden C
•i%. ■: barrels, l-16c more; half-barrels, '«'
more; boxps. '_..- mere; 50-Ib bags. '«'' more.
No order taken for less than 76 barrels or its*
equivalent. Domlnos, half-barrels, r.\c; boxes,
fi%c, per lb.
CANDLES— Are higher, as follows: Electric
Light Candles— 6s, 16 oz, 2 c; 6s. 14 oz, Si 2 c;
tit 12 os, "'.-c; 6s, .10 oz, 6' 2 c. Granite Mining
Candles— 6s, 16 OS, '4oa, lite; fis. 16 oz. 20s, lO^c:
6s. 14 oz. 40s, 9c: fis. 14 oz, 20b, 9i£c; 6s. 12 oz,
SVic; 6s, 10 oz, 7'- 4 -. Parafflne Wax Candles—
Is. 2s. 4s and 6s. white. lie; Is. 2s. 4s and 6s
colored, 12c; 12s white, lH 2 c: 12s. colored, 12V.C
BALE ROPE— The price has been advanced
to 13c per In, to the surprise of Hay dealers
and farmers.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
 For Monday. Angst 21.
Flour, qr sks 80,871 (Shorts, sks ■■■ 210
Wheat, ctls 1,633 Sugar, sks 1,700
Barley, ctls 9,496 Sugar, bbls 4.",
Oats, cts 4,280 Wine, gals 61,150
Corn, East, ctls.. 600 Brandy gals 1,000
Rye, ctls 780 Wool, bags 132
Cheese, ctls 55 Hay, tons 1,340
Butter, ctls 98 (Straw tons 13
Tallow, ctls L"" Pelts, bdls 97
Potatoes, sks Hides, No 501
Onions, s>ks. 1,24O | Eggs. doss 9.4 M)
Bran, sks 2,6oS|Qulckßilver, flsks 146
Middlings, sks... I.7or,i Leather, rolls 51
OREGON.
Flour, qr pkp.... 727,
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks — 5,532 1 Bran, sks 8,850
THE STOCK MARKET.
Some of the sugar stocks were weak on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange. Paau
hau selling at $3846040, Onomea at $3S l ,;@3S
anil Hutchlnson at $32>i@32. Otherwise there
were no fluctuations wcrthy of note. There
was quite a line of stocks dealt in. ■
In the afternoon Hawaiian Commercial was
weaker at $100, Giant Powder breaker at $73,
Pnauhau weaker at $39V?39'*. and .Spring Val
ley Water ditto at $101 s*.5 *.
Mining stocks were quiet and rather weaker
as a rule. The telegram from the pump said:
"At ti:3u this morning the water was ;ii feet 6
Inches below the 1850-foot level station. No.
1 elevator has been running continuously.
Ran both elevators 43 minutes on Saturday
and 30 minutes on Sunday morning."
The Challenge ("on. assessment Tails delin
quent in office to-day.
The Overman Mining Company has levied
an assessment of 6 cents per share, delinquent
Foptember 22.
The San Rafael Mining Company of Mexico
paid a 10-cent dividend thla month.
The Contra Costa Water Company paid a
dividend of 40 cents per share on the loth.
The second dividend of 40 cents per share
by the Makawell Sugar Company was paid on
the 15th. . «*:s££ ' .' „ '""',
The ore shipments from the mines of Eureka
district, Nevada, by rail for the week ending
August 18 were as follows: Cyanide, 46,590
pounds; Diamond, 74.110; Eureka Consolidated,
150.760; Jackson, 17,180; Leonie. 3390. From
Hamilton— pocco, Homestake, 211,150.
The report from the Ophlr mine for the
week is as follows:
On Monday morning, jointly with the Mexi
can Company, we started work in our shaft.
Since that time we have been able to reach
the 1000-foot level and found the shaft to be
In a fair condition. The stations, however,
will require considerable repairs. Central tun
nel—The Joint Mexican west crosscut was ad
vanced 24 feet; total 104 feet; face In soft vein
porphyry. During the week a part of the north
drift, "trom which the joint crosscuts are run,
was timbered, as the ground was heavy and
threatening. Sutra tunnel connection— The ai
rect connection drift was extended 24 feet,
total B*6 feet; face in hard porphyry with seams
of clay. The formation in the face is chang
ing The south drift has been timbered and
extended 5 feet; total length 42 feet; face in
quartz and porphyry. The southwest drift has
been extended 8 feet; total length 93 feet. The
face is in clay and vein porphyry, the vein
having narrowed to a small seam of quartz
between clay walls. .
In the Chollar and Potosl mines the joint
west tunnel has been advanced during the
week 27 feet; total length, 433 feet; face in clay
and porphyry. Have one man on repairs In
parts of the mine. The joint Bullion-Potosl
west crosscut has "been advanced 12 feet; total
Jength. 317 feet; face in porphyry. Sutro tun
nel level— Zadig drltt has been advanced
10 feet during the week; total length, 1010 feet;
face in very hard porphyry. •
The report of the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine for the week is as follows: 1400
level— The west drift has been advanced through,
porphyry and quartz a distance of 24- feet;
total length 818 feet. 1650 Making nec
essary repairs here. 1750 level— From the end
of the west crosscut from the. sill floor or the
south drift have raised and connected with
the small southwest drift from the second
floor of the stopes. "We are drifting north from
this point and have reached the old raise men
tioned in previous reports. The ore that was
encountered five weeks ago in the southwest
drift, 17 feet from the track, was cut in the
progress of the north drift and proved to be
only a small bunch. At the present end of
our north drift we have some bunches of good
ore around the ' bottom of the raise. In the
stopes the raise from the bottom of the fourth
floor was carried up one set, making the eighth
set from the sill floor. From 'this top set a
small drift was run 23 feet west and an open
ing was made into the south drift on the 1700
level. This drift is being enlarged and tim
bered. A good circulation of air has been
obtained by making this connection. A timber
chute is being put in up to the top set at the
Btopes. 1800 level— West crosscut 1. started
from the south drift SO feet from the winz»
station, has been advanced 20 feet; total length
52 feet. The formation passed through is
rather hard porphyry, with some bunches of
low grade quartz and a clay seam three inches
thick has been cut. Resumed work in the face
of the south drift, cleaned it out and retim
bered for a distance of 30 feet; total length 205
1 fett. The material passed through gave assays
I ranging from $3 to $6 per ton. 1950 level—At
intervals during the week the work of repair
ing this station was carried on. The water is
to-day (Saturday) 29 feet below this station.
X.i ore was extracted from the mine during
| the week.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, August 21—2 p. m.
Bia.Ar,K Bid. Ask
Bonds— i Eqult G L Co. 3% 44
4s quar c0up.. 112 — Mutual El Co. 16% 16%
4s quar reg... — — OG L & H.... 45»4 50
4s quar new... — 130 V* Pac Gas Imp. 69% 70%
6s quar coup.. — 109% | Pac L Co 40 44
Miscellaneous- "IS F C, & E... — 69%
Cal-st Cab 6s. 114 — San Fran .... 3% 3«8
C C Wat 58... — 110% i Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Kd L & P 65..129%135 , Insurance—
F& Cl Ky 6e — 117 jFirer.i's Fund. 224 226
Geary-st R he — 95 Bank Stocks-
HC & S 5%5..107% — Anglo-Cal .... — 68
L A Ry Ss.:T.IO6*UO7V£ Bank of Ca1..275 280
L A LCo 65.. 99 — , Cal SI) & T.. — 98
Do gntd Cs.. 99 — First National. 23o 237%
Do gntd 55.. — 100 Lcn P & A. ...129% —
Market-st 65... 126% — Mer Exchange — 16
Do Ist M 55.J16%117% Nev Nat 8k...153% —
NCGtt It 7s.HU — Savings Banks—
XR of Cal 65. 114% — Ger S & L...1650 —
XR of Cal 55. 114 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NPC R R 68.105% — Mut Say Bk. 39 —
Nl'C It R 53.106 107 B F Say V.. .500 —
N Cal R R 6s.Hl — bay &L, So. — 82%
OG L & H 53.111 — Sec Say Bk. — 300
Oak Transt 65. 112 — Union T C 0.1400 1440
Om C Ry 6s-.. 127 131 Street Railroads—
P<& Cl Ky 68.105 107 California ..116 120
Ik >v (i Ky bs.ilo — Geary 50 —
Powell-st R 6s — 125 Market-st .. 61% 62
Sac El G&R5s — — Oak SL.& H. — 60
S F& N P .is. 113% — i Presfdio — 16
S F .v -= JV55.115U116 Powder—
- Kof cal <is.lt^% — California .... — 170
BPof A 65...ni->ill2 1 4| '•- Dynamite... 85 —
Sp C 65(1305) 112* [Giant c on Co. 73 75%
SP C 65U906). — 114 ; , Vigorlt 2% —
S P C 6s(1912).118 122 Sugar—
SPC Is •■ ■ 55.102% — Hana P C 0... I."'i 1594
S P l!r .";.... 125»i - I Haw C&3 C. 9^lol
s V Wat 6s ..!!•:•, — Hutch S rCo 32 32% :
S V Wat »s 1' •« — Kilauea S C.. — 30 3 !
S V W4s(3dm)lolK — Makaweli S C RO3& —
Stktn Gas 65. .104 107 Onomea S Co. 37«-i 3R%
Water Stocks Paauhau S C. 39?j, 89?4
Contra Costa. 75?» 76 Miscellaneous—
Marln County. 5U — Al Pac Assn.. — US
Spring Valley. 101^2101%; Mer i-.x Assn.. — luu
lias and Electric— i Oceanic s Co. R9»i »i
Capital Gas... — — Pac A F A... l\, —
Cent GCo — — Pac C Bor C 0.133. 133 135
Cent L & P... — 7 ! Par Paint Co. 8% —
Afternoon Session.
lard—
5 Alaska Packers' Assn 117 75 I
»:. Alaska Packers' Assn 117 50
2! Giant Powder Con 73 25
105 Hana Plantation Co 15 fa
50 Hutchinson S P Co 82 25
100 Hutchinson s V Co 32 12%
85 Hutchinson s r Co 32 00
195 Makawell 60 25
50 Makaweli 50 37%
25 Maknweli ; 50 50
100 Mutual Electric I,lght 16 75
2.i Onomea Sugar Co 3S 25
25 I '!■ m< i Sugar Co 38 00
100 Paauhau S P Co 39 62%
100 Paauhau S 1' Co, b 90 40 00
12; Paauhau S P Co 39 50
Afternoon Session.
Board — „ :
25 Contra Costa Water...". 75 75
25 Giant Powder ' '"i 73 00
75 Hana Plantation Co 15 50
85 Hawaiian Com & Sugar 100 on
20 Hutchinson S P Co, cash 32 00
300 : ikawell ■. 50 50
10 Mutual Electric Light, cash 16 62%
10 Paauhau S P Co 33 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 39 25
100 Pauuhau S P Co, b 30 39 25
100 Paauhau S" P Co, b 60 39 50
15 S V Water : 10162%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
i Morning Session.
Boardr
-100 Equitable Gas 4 00
10 Giant Powder 73 12%
30 Giant Powder 73 25
25 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 37%
50 Mutual Elec Co 16 62%
50 Mutual Elec Co. 16 75
10 S V Water 102 12%
'\ Afternoon Session.
Board —
30 Giant Powder 73 00
50 Mutual Elec Co 16 75
25 MakHweli Sugar Co 50 60
25 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 62%
15 Oceanic S S Co 90 00 "
40 Onomea Sugar Co 38 00
20 S F Gas & Elec 69 75
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 16 100 Mexican 4S
[00 -Belcher 301 100 Mexican 49 j
100 Best & Belcher 5S 400 Ophir 1 10
200 Challenge .'■::: 250 Potosi 33 I
100 Chollar .., 33 300 Sierra Nevada. 66 '
200 Con Cal & Va..l 80 200 Union C0n...... 25
200 Gould .<- Curry. 88 200 Yellow Jacket.. 30
300 Hale & N0r.... 30
Afternoon Session.
300 Alpha o*i 300 Gould & Curry. 40
200 Andes 15 500 Justice 12
200 Belcher 33 100 Mexican v
100 Best & Belcher 62 j 300 Ophir 115
200 Best & Belcher 631 200 Overman 11
200 Bullion OS! 300 Potosi 35
100 Caledonia 62 300 Savage 19 1
100 Caledonia 61 300 Sierra Nevada. 73
200 Challenge 33 i 100 Sierra Nevada. 74 I
100 Chollar 33 100 standard I 55
500 Chollar 31 i 300 Yellow Jacket. 32
550 Con Cal & Va..l 90;
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Alpha 08 300 Gould & Curry- 3S
100 Andes 151-200 Ophir ' 110
300 Belcher 30 i 300 Ophir .107%
200 Best & Belcher 6012000 Overman . 10 I
200 Bullion 07 1 200 Potosi 33;
300 Caledonia 57- 200 Savage 18 !
1300 Chollar 82 100 Union Con '. 25 I
30 Chollar 33 500 Utah .. OS
600 Con Cal & Va..l 85 500 Yellow Jacket.. 30 i
400 Crown Point 21
Afternoon Session.
TOO Andes :. 16 500 Gould & Curry. 40
300 Best & Belcher 61 100 Justice ' 13
101 Best & Belcher 62 100 Mexican " 51
100 Bullion OS 300 Ophir .lift*
100 1 dollar 33 100 Potosi . "■;'(
100 Con Cal & Va..l 90 300 Sierra Nevada. 69
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, August 21—4 p. m
 , HM.Ask.j Bid.Ask.
Alpha 06 07 Justice y> 14
Alia 05 06 Kentuck 02 04 :
Andes 14 15 1 Lady Wash.... 01 02:
Belcher 33 34 Mexican 51 53
Best a Belcher 6; 63 Occidental 19 ■ "0
Bullion 07 OSJOphlr 110 115
Caledonia 60 62 Overman 11 is
Chollar 33 34|Potosi 34 36 I
Challenge Con. 34 Savage IS 19 |
Confidence — 84 ] Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 95 2 S.eg Belcher ... 05 07
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 71 73
Crown Point 23 24 Silver Hill 02 01
Con x I — 1 Syndicate 07 —
Eureka Con — .'.O —[Standard 1503 60
Exchequer — 13 st Louis — 12 j
Gould & Curry. 39 40 Union C0n...... 26 27
Hale & N0r.... 31 32|tJtah ........... OS 09/
Julia 02 031 Yellow Jacket.. 30 31|
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. P. X , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, i ,
August 21, 1599.
The time ball on the tower of the nev
building was dropped at exactly noon I
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at J
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS
j Lieutenant Commander, I. S. X.. In i harse.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
I
i United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and L,w
Waters at Fort Point, entrance
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tli* Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
i the city front (Mission-street wharf >
j twenty-five minutes later than at F.rt Point;
| the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. AUGUST 22.
Pun rises " 52
Sun s< ts
Moon rises ;.. 7:CT p. m
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tlif*
the early morning tides are given in the lot
hand column and the successive tidps of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column Rives the second tide of
the day, the third time column .the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives th.=
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given Ib subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low water*.
& — — i : *•
Steamer Movements.
a*— : _ _ ■ — — *
rO ARRIVE
TO SAIL. .
£_ _ : ,„
Shipping Intelligence.
■
» , — , »
ARRIVED.
Sunday, Aiiß'iFt tn.
Stmr South Coast, Olsen. 28 hours from
Houda Landing. ■ '
Monday. August 21.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth, 34 hours from
Crescent City. :.."••.
Stmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Westnort, Peterson. 19 hours? fr<->m
Needle Rock. -. ••,-..• ■.? ■■'
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman, 15 "hours from
Iversens Landing. ./_... ; f: •
CLEARED.
Monday, August 21
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka; Charles Nel
son. --- ; ."• . -.;~ . .V: ;: "; ;
I Br shin Centesima, Webster, Liverpool; O
W McNear.
SAILED.
Monday. August 21.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen. Mendoclno.
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria. . '. ■
Stmr Noyo, Winkel. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alcazar. Gunderson. — -. . ;
Stmr Tillamook. Anflndsen, -. ' . '.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, Greenwood.
Stmr Navarro, Hlggins, . • ■
Stmr Point Arena. Hans-en. Mendbcino.
Stmr Cleone, Higgins, with schr Dewey m
tow.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka.
Bark Fresno. Peterson, Port Gamble.
Bark Oakland, Ackerman. Everett.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, Bowens Landing.
Schr Maxim, Olsen. Caspar. .'
Schr Dewey, Schmallng. In tow stmr Cleone.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Aug 19— Fr bark Grande r>uches=«>
Olga, from Oregon, at Antwerp, reports sus
tained much damage from gales.
TELEGRAPHIC. - ■'-■' "--
POINT LOBOS, Aug 21, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind XW: velocity 12 miles.'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug' 19— Stmr Roanoke,
from St Michael; 'stmr City of Topeka,. from
Dyea.
Sailed Aug 21— Stmr I,akmc. for St Michael.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived Aug 12— Br stmr
Bristol, from Departure Bay. : ;.. '
EUREKA— Arrived Auk 20— Stmr Aberdeen.,
hence Auc 19. Aug 21— Stmr Pasadena, from
San Pedro. ' ■'-:-'-
Sailed Aug 21-Schr Occidental, for San Fran
cisco. -' " •;"-:< -
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 21— Bark
Northern Light, from Port Townsend; bktn
I.«slie D, from San Pedro. -•;•-'.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Aug 20— Br ship Ley
land Brothers, from Penarth.
GRAYS HARBOR— Aug 20-Stmrs
National City and Newburg, hence Aug 17.
Sailed Aug 20— Schr Roy Somers, for San
Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Rival,
hence Aug 19.
ASTORlA— Arrived Aug 21 Br ship Amphi
trite, from Honolulu.; stmr Brunswick, hence
Sailed Aue 21— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco; s=tmr Columbia, for _ San Fran
cisco
FORT BRAGG Arrived Aug a— Schr Mar
tha W Tuft, hence Aus "■■
ST MlCHAEL— Arrived July Stmr Corwin,
with barge, from Be tie; stmr Martha Wllkes,
from Seattle. Auc 4— Schr Abbte .F Morris,
from Seattle; schi Bowhead. hence; May .22.
Sailed Auk 10— Stmr Portland, for San Fran
cisco- bktn Catherine Sudden, for Pugef Sound.
July 25— Whaling stmr Fearless, for cruise.
July 27—1' " stmr Bear, for Kotzehue Sound.
July Schr Carrier Dove, for Port Townsend;
schr Hen for Seattle; schr J B. Swan, -for
Seattle: schr Mary • BidweH. for Port Clarence.
July Schr i< whead, for Kuskokwln; schr
A M Baxter, for Port Townsend. Aug I— Schr
Hera for Cape Nome: schr Barbara Hernster,
for Grays Harr>r. Aug 3— Schr Genera] Me-
Pherson. for Seattle; schr Salvator, for Port
Townsend. '££&£$ pQRTS . . '.j
! iBEIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug 17— Br • shin River
Falloch. from Hamburg. ' - • • •■
BRISBANE -Arrived Aug 19— Br stmr Aoran
gi. from Vancouver.
Sailed Auk 18— Br stmr Warrimoo, for Van
couver.
BROWHE-4D— Aug' 2o— Br ship Frank-,
Istan, from r.icoma, for Queenstown-. . .
I. A PAZ Arrived Aug 12— Schr Czar, hence
July 27. to sail Aug 19, for Todos Island.
SANTA ROSALIA— July 20— Br ship
Crown of ■England, from Swansea,. Aug- 10 —
Fr stmr Amlral Courbet. from Hamburg, via
•Coronel -nd Punta Arenas; to sail about Aug
29, 1 for S: n Franclsc o.
To sal' Aug IS— Br ship Comliebank, for Qre.
gon. Aig 22— Br ship Ben Dears, for Tacoma;
Br shir Hay tor, for West Coast.
1 ; i a 'MAS— Arrived Aug 17 — Stmr Curacao,
hence Aug 7.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Aug 15— Br ship
Clesoriene, for Acaimlco. Auk ' 19— Br ■ -ship
Alcin'Us, -for Oregon.
. YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Aug 19— Br stmr Em
press ■of India, for Vancouver.
/ TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. ; -
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Aug 21-Stmr Bel
geniand, from Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Kal
ser'Wilhelm der Grosse, from New York, via
Cherbourg.
(JIBRALTAR— Arrived Aug 21-Stmr Aller,
fr'm New York, and proceeded for Naples and
Genoa.
BRISBANE —Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Aorangi,
Worn Vancouver, etc. .*_...
1 Sailed Auk IS— Stmr Warrimoo, for Vancou
ver. . •
I NEW YORK— Arrived Aug 21— Stmr Fries
land. from Antwerp.
For Additnal Shipping See Page 11.JIMINEZ WILL
BE REARRESTED
Orders Issued by Gen
eral Wood.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1539, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO. Aug. : 21.— General Wood
to-day ordered the authorities of Man
zanillo to be on the lookout for Jiminez,
who arrived in Cienfuegos Saturday on
a south-bound steamer.
Jiminez will be arrested upon the
statement of an American passenger
Mho heard him trying to induce several
Cuban officers to accept positions in
the army of the Dominican insurrec
tionists. There, was a report here to
day that a small expedition succeeded
in leaving at a point near Manzanillo. ■
Jiminez is on his way to Santiago and !
is expected here next week. He is not
traveling Incognito. His arrival here
will be celebrated by the Dominicans. ;
FIVE HUNDRED NEW
STUDENTS TO REGISTER
Largest Entering Class Ever Known
Since the University of Califor
nia Was Started.
BERKELEY, freshman
of the r ..i is
■ in no
• •■
. ' •
f a n
ich to this big marl
■ • d, notably last summer, when
■;4 k j• . : upon the
ge rolls. 1
number. But ■
at th ■ ■
ing the number ol i men i d w >men
• ■ ■
thousand.
Alt! ■ Will 1
straits in ma kinj ■ provision
. . .
. it with satisfaction.
A sy at
ted by
Imost
■ - lurn
•. , i to
• a ork offered ai the
m tut-: proved most
■
:. ■ ev< :■;•- y( ar.
■ d t th c
3 for adm - -
much-more exacting than
•'
To-morrow morning the classes will be
the tirst time. The
I to assemble in
- ■ ram
r.y of
* the university
will I - :. In the i
mil tde Wln-eler
i - w ill act in his
The - tudents will bo
by Reg Prol jsor Jo*
Beph I ■ • ad of the
The various ■
will explain the
■ and then
properly I
DEEDED BULK OF HIS
ESTATE TO HIS WIFE
W. G. Henshaw Will Succeed J. West
Martin as President of Union
Savings Bank.
OAKLAND. Aug. 01.— It is estimated
that the late' J. West Martin left property
valued at about S2o>),itoO. and the will.
which is now in possession of the widow.
will" be filed In '■■ few days. It. Is expected,
however, that the will disposes of but
ittle' property because some time ago,
svhen Mr. Martin's health was fast fail
ng.'he deeded the bulk of it to his wife.
Liberal allowances, it is said, have been
made to his son. Selby Martin, and step
son. T. D. Carneal.
.It is stated that William G. Henshaw,
.•ice president of the Union Savings Bank.
who has' been acting as president during
Mr. Martin's illness, will probably succeed
:o the position made vacant by Mr. Mar
tin's death. . At a meeting of the bank
3 1 rectors held to-day solutions deplor
ng the death of President Martin and
extending their tenderest sympathies to
he '.stricken -family were adopted.
■ ♦ ■
LADY YARDE-BULLER
MAY HAVE A GUARDIAN
OAKLAND, Aug. 21.— D. Greene
b.'tum to-flay petitioned the Superior Court
to be appointed guardian of the estate of
Mary Leilah Kirkham Blair Yarde-jrfuller.
who,, in consequence of sickness, mental
inri nervous- excitement and general <li
Lbility, ho alleges is Incompetent to man
jge her property, which includes extensive
interests in this and San Francisco coun
ties. Judge Hall has accordingly ordered
ihat Lady Yarde-Huller be notified to^&p
pear in court next Saturday morning,
when Mr. Greenebaum'a petition will be
lu-aM. The petitioner is a close friend of
Lady Yarde-Buller, and although she has
pxpresseil herself in favor of his appoint
ment it is understood that the lady's eld
est son is likely to make opposition. This
son is also adverse to the suit now pend
ing against Wakeman to have the latter
removed as trustee of the estate.
■ m ■
In the Divorce Court,
OAKLAND, A up. 21. — Jennie Raven
commenced »uit In the Superior Court to
day for ■ divorce from John Raven. The
t Ha ywards, and the com
plain) icy Q. W. Lan
gan, alleges cruelty aa the pround for the
■
In the divorce suit of Kmily Charlotte
iler against Albert Ludwig Ka.-hl.r
It oi defendant m is entered to-day
on account of his failure to appear and
answer thp wife's complaint, and the case
has' been • Coun Commissioner
i labcoi k to take tesl Imi ny.
J';dge Greene to-day granted T,ois Haw
thorn a divorce from Frank Hawthorn on
the ground of willful desertion. The cus
of the minor children was awarded
to plaintiff.
Will Bear the Colors
ALAMEJM. Aug. .'!.— Company G of
his city will be the i olor company of the
Fifth Regiment in the day parade, when
ihe First California is escorted to the
tYesidio.
GRAPE-NUTS.
SllffiffiffWWfiffiffiffiffiffK
H The Famous =|
| Food 1 1
Delicacy 3
| Grape Nuts. I
B arching for some palatable, easily |
ired dish for breakfast, it is like •
an Inspiration to come across Grape-
Nuts.
No cooking is needed. The food can
b< served instanter with a Httle cream
or milk and the taste is that of the del-
icate crisp sweet of grape sugar, to be
Been- glistening on the small granules.
This pnipc sugar is produced from
the starchy parts of the grains and is
cryetalizvd and deposited naturally
during the processes of manufacture.
The taste of Grape-Nuts is most cap-
tivating. Don't l«t it lead you to eat-
ing more than 4 or 5 teaspoonsful.
The food is condensed and gTeet |
volume is not required. j
LOOKING INTO
NEW FACES AT
THE THEATERS
Clay Clement in His |
Own Comedy.
"A Southern Gentleman," is falsely
tagged by Mr. Clement a romantic com
ply. The spirit of romance is not for a
moment present. In fact spirit of any
kind is absolutely lacking, Bave in the
prologue, which la sensational and realis
tic in Intention, though robbed of its best
< ■■ffi'i-ts by the wooden Inexpi rli nee with
whi< h Lleuteant Thompson, Mr. Oscar
Norfleet, handled ins death. The purpose
of the prologue Is to foreshadow the plot,
but the play would be Quite as interesting
as it is with no plot ut all. It is simply ;
together of scenes and Inci- i
dents of Southern life, which it was an
tlon to connect. Mr. Clement lias
reached out for atmosphere and failed to
grasp it. The exaggerated ■ sy of
old Carolina days must be very perfectly
pictured nowadays to prove Interesting.
This very exotic . - was romantic
and decorative in satin shorts, powder
and patches, but to-day we care for more
■ cake and less of tne frosting. Be
sides the play is weighted with character
parts, one for each man of the company,
and character actors are few. it musi be
terrible to be condemned through three
acts and a prologui to talk In dialect you
cannot quite master. At first it condemns
you to the commonplace, and when this
; asses it deprives your remarks of '
their true outline of Intention. Some sen
mal . xit.- appealed to the gallery, l>ut j
iwer house wap quietly resi
and subdued. The dialogue is stilled, not
In a literary but in a sentimental way.
and it is overcharged with lay Bermons
trite philosophy. To criticise Mr.
Clement la a restricted privtlegf — the
privilege of such as are able to do it. The
part he has written for himself Is not a
good one. it is a sort of living picture,
ated at times by romantic aensations.
!i.- did b< me subtle and studied acting in
parts and carried an air of gentleness and
nigh-bred courtesy throughout the play,
but those who have se< n "Th< Ni w I r -
minion" will never dfvorci their affections
from Hohenstauffen to attach them to
■■ .1 Carroll. Mrs. Clement was over
icd in her acting of Arzelia; Miss
O'Malley made a good Mammy I.indy,
and Mr. Williams an artistic Hannibal.
Mr. Cook recalled the roue In "Tine of Our
Girls," and had an uninteresting part.
las O'Malley controlled his brogue
well, and the other members of the cast
read their parts honestly, despite occa
sional wavering of intention. Personally,
I had rather mourn with Hedda Gabler
than sleep through "A Southern ("Jentle
man." CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
California.
It Is only necessary to see John Staple
tOß's successful farce "A Bachelor's Ho.n
eymoon" to learn why it was a success
in New York. It is a good thing, and is
I by one of the best balanced com
panies that has ever been seen In Pan
There is not a mediocre per
f'rm-M;: there is not a dull moment in
ree acts of this must excellent I
ly, and th< I ■ ■ re so eomi
• ■ • tli. audience ache
with laughter.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar was crowded last night.
when the emotional drama "Camille" was
reproduced by Miss Florence Roberts.
irted by White v7hittlesey and the
stock company. "Caraille" will rank as
if the best parts portrayed by this
talented actress and she plays it with
skill.
Grand Opera House.
Yon Suppe's o>nii'- opera •■clover" drew
a large audience to the Grand Opera
House. It was a charming performance
and the recalls w< re numerous. The
song, "T:s Better Not to Dwell On," ;
■ >!aieil by William "Wolf, was the j
hit of the evening and is sure to be heard i
on the streets In a few days.
t Rudolph desires to see the world!
he marries and settles down, so .
readily agrees to his fiancee's proposal
ceremony for a year. He
goes to P. iris, loses all nis money In riot
ous living, becomes a soldier in the Nor
m army, and th< I I occurs In
Venice, where he is restored to his
who has followed him in all his wander
ing.
Orpheum.
Hal! and Btaley. McMahon and King
and the Freeze Brothers were the new at
tractions at the Orpheum last evening.
Hall and Staley have a tittle skit of eccen
tric comedy, entitled the "Twentieth Cen
tury Burglars." It is pure nonsense, hut
funny. McMahon and Ring are "Kthio
fii.tn artists," and good ones, and Freeze
brothers do a very clever tambourine
twirling act.
Olympia.
Zoe Matthews made her first appear
ance at the Olympia last night and was
well received. Tod Sloan's sister con
tinues to please. The other numbers on
the bill are good.
Chutes.
The new bill at the Chutes Theater at
tracted a la,rge audience last evening.
Adgie, who created -,\ sensation h< re
two years ago, arrived from Chicago last
night with 6'xwi pounds of excess baggage
In the shape of her performing lions.
Prince Victoria and Trilby. She has had
many hair-breadth escapes Bince her last
visit and proudly exhibits a number of
scars In evidence thereof. She will be
seen at the Chutes next week.
Tivoli.
A prominent characteristic of the new
school of operatic composition is the good
I quality of the music, notwithstanding a
tendency to suit the popular taste. It is
ise Of this fact that the double bill
oi "Cavalleria Rusticana" and "I Pagli
; acci" will never fail to please the treas
-1 urer of a theater. Furthermore the com
posers of this modern class of composition
bave bo well succeeded In molding grate
ful melodies that a fairly good singer who
had any schooling at all must needs be
; successful with their execution, provided
that he combine with a good voice a
i knowledge of dramatic declamation. In
both the above mentioned operas human
passion Is exemplified, and not unless a
1 vocalist Is able to Infuse the temperament
, of the Italian into the arias can he expect
to be successful.
The performam c of "Pagliacci" must be
i ranged among the very !■• Bt ever wit
! nessed in this city. The sensation of the
ievening was Barron Becthald'fl Canio,
Thus far last night's work was the best
Bert bald has done this season. The Tonio
' of Merttiis was also received with many
sinus of approbation, which were merited
In every respect. Anna Lichter sang ad
mirably and received her share of the
I ovation. Another surprise wan Mr. Znni,
who ,«ang Tonlo as it has been rarely sung
here before. The orchestra and Max
Hirschfeld must not be omitted when the
various sharef of compliments are dis
tributed, for their work was beyond re
»roach.
This evening the double bill will be re
peated, with the following cast: Avedano,
Salassa, Wanrell. Fornari. Schuster. Zani,
Klla Prossnitz. Anna Lichter, Charlotte
Keckwith and Berni-e Holmes.
ALFRED MKTZGER.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Latest Army Orders and List of Per*
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 21.— The Navy
Department will in a few days advertise
for bids for the .construction of the ex
tension of the quay wall at Mare Island.
The last Congress made $72,(HH) available
for this work.
The Comptroller of the Currency has
been notified that H. H. Eddy has been
made cashier of the First National Hank
of Juneau, Alaska. Mr. Kddy was for
merly a Callfornian.
Army orders: By direction of the As
pistant Secretary of War. Recruits AlfrcJ
Baler, Twenty-third Infantry, and Ed
ward J. Gleason, general service, now at
the Presidio. San Francisco, are trans
ferred to the signal corps as nrst class
privates.
Private Pearl T. Bowen, Company P.
Seventeenth Infantry, Philippine Islands,
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22. 1899.
THE DORIC AND THE
COLORADANS' GENERAL
BRIGADIER GENERAL IRVING HALE.
AT 1:45 o'clock this morning the steamer Doric from Hongkong and
Japanese ports was reported passing in through the Golden Gate. She
was scheduled to hring Brigadier General Irving Hale, the pride of
the First Colorado Regiment, who, with his wife, left his companies at Na
gasaki.
Apart from the gratification of greeting such a distinguished officer as
General Hale proved himself to be in the Philippines considerable interest
attaches to his arrival through rumors, circulated apparently without foun
dation, of a serious rupture between him and his chief. General Otis.
These rumors, as stated, have been authoritatively denied by the men of
his own regiment, who will be delighted to welcome their general home
and have him present at th<--ir mustering-out.
Is transferred to the Signal corps as first
class private.
I.:. ut< ■ ' rl P. Tovrar,
•v paymaster general, i
from duty as chief paymaster of the De
partment of the Missouri and will pi
to San Francisco and report In person to
?he commanding general of the Depart
mei t of California for assignment to luty.
Captain Henry B. Stiles, assistant sur
geon, is relieved from further duty on
the hospital ship Relief at San Francisco
and will proceed to Benicia Barracks and
report ::i person to the commanding "PA
cer for duty.
Sergeant Wilson French, Company 11.
Nineteenth Infantry, now at Washington
Barracks, will be sent to the Presidio.
San Francisco, and will report to toe
commanding officer for transportation tr
the Philippine Islands to join his com
pany.
Private Ivnh J. Ransbottom. Twontv-
Becond Infantry, Philippine Islands, la
transferred as private to the hospital
i orps.
Assistant Surgeon R. M. Bonar will pro
ceed from Hebron, Ohl<">. to San Francisco
and report in person to the commanding
general of the Department pf California.
Pensions —California : Original — Benja
min A. Rnnkin, Auburn. $12; Alexander
Fox. Veterans' Hnme. Nnna, Jl2; John
'.-. eVterans' Home. Napa, $0. In
• -William Hall. Pnsadenn. J2". to
S3O. Original widows. etc.— Minor of Wil
liam H. Thompson. Los Angeles. $10.
Washington: Original — Frank W
Burns, Seattle, II n.
HUGHES' PITCHING AGAIN
DEFEATS THE BOSTONS
The Californian Continues to Be the
Winning Twirler of the
Superbas.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. L. Pet. Club*— W. l. ret.
Brooklyn ... ( ' 85 .68J I Chicago 55 50 .524
Boston 86 40 Plttaburg — 52 S3 .43.'.
Philadelphia 67 41 .620 N York ..46 57 .44C.
Baltimore ...62 41 .601il>ouisville ...48 59 .43S
Cincinnati ..67 .47 .548 'Washington .88 69 .343
St. Louis 57 48 .543 Cleveland ...IS 91 .ICE
BOSTON, Aug. 21.— Sharp hitting by Brook
lyn and errors by Nichols, Lowe and Hickman
In the fifth Inning to-day lost the game for
Boston. Boston raised the hones of the crowd
In the ninth, but could not win. With two out
and two on bases Hickman tripled to right,
only to be left on third. Stahl fouling out to
Casey Attendance, 7500. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston • •> 8 5
Brooklyn ' '" 0
Batteries— Nichols and Brrgen: Hushes and
Farrell. Umpires— Emslle and McDonald.
NEW YORK, Auk. 21.— The New Torki and
Philadelphia* played two Interesting; games of
ball to-day. The locals got the first easily.
The second was close throughout. Piatt, who
pitched snlendidly, won his own tame by
his timely batting. Warner had a finger
broken in the first same and will not be able
to play with the team on the coming Western
trip. Attendance. 3000. Score, first game:
R. H. B.
New York I^2
Philadelphia » . "
Batteries— Seymour and Warner: Wilson.
Donohue and McFarland. 'Umpires— Lynch and
Connolly.
Score, second came:
R. H. K.
New York I _•> 2
Philadelphia ••••• 2 10 2
Batteries— Carrlck and Wilson; Piatt and
Douglass. Umpire*— Lynch and Connolly.
CINCINNATI, Aur. 21.— Chesbro grave four
bases on balls and MeCreery made two errors
In the second Inning, which netted the Reds
four runs and the came. Phillips pitched a
masterly game. Attendance, 500. Score:
R. 11. E.
Cincinnati ..' "71
PltUburs 1 5 3
Batteries— Phillips and Peitz: f'hesbro and
Schrlver. Umpires— Day and McGarr.
ST. LOUIS, Auk. 21.— Young was in excellent
form to-day and blanked the Rough Riders.
He was given good pupport. Burkett's batting
■was a feature. Attendance, 2MQ. Score:
R. H. K.
St. LouiS 2 7 2
Chicago • 0 8 2
Batteries— Young and Crlger; Callahan and
Donahue. Umpires— Swartwood and Dwyer.
WASHINGTON, Aue. 21.— Kltson was an
easy mark and the Senators had no difficulty
In winning. Freeman fifteenth. home run
of the season. The feature of the game was an
extraordinary catch by Sheckard. Attendance.
1000. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 12 17 1
Baltimore 16 4
Batteries— Dineen and Roach; Kitpnn and.
Robinson. Umpires— Latham and Gaffney.
Charged With Murder.
REDLANDS. Aug. 21.— The town has
been under a strain of excitement all day.
The Coroner's inquest as to the cause of
the death of Clinton P. Mawley. alias
rhnrles Hawley. showed that Policeman
Walker fired without provocation. The
jury returned a verdict of unjustifiable
killing. Walker will be tried for murder.
Yellow Fever in Cuba.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA. Auk. 21.-Major
Russell B. Harrison, who is suffering with
yellow fever, shows some improvement
to-day. It is believed that another case is
developing at Cristo, the headquarters of
the Americans. ,
GAS MATTERS
BOTHER THE
SUPERVISORS
Crockett Says He Will
Turn Out Lights.
The Supervisors found more trouble
than they could dispose of at one meeting
waiting for them yesterday, and as a re- |
suit municipal affairs are In a mess that |
will require the balance of the vacation
period to untangle. The vote whereby the
last tux levy was adopted was recons'd- |
ered; a resolution repealing the anti-pool
Belling order was passed to print; the gas
lighting specifications were reread and
amended, and incidentally J. B. Crockett
Stepped i*n to announce that unless his
company's bills were paid on the spot the
lity's supply of gas would be chut off on
Wednesday night. The bills were not paid
and it remains for Wednesday to arrive
to demonstrate whether or not Mr.
Crockett was flaunting his usual bluff.
The resolution to rescind the ami-jiool-
Helling order was offered at the last min
ui.' by Supervisor Black. Its adoption
was seconded by Supervisor Aigeliinger.
Supervisor Perrault moved that it be
passed to print, and Mayor Phelan ruled
that that was the proper procedure, as a
resolution to repeal must take the s-tmu
course as the measure which it seeks to j
eliminate. Perrault'a motion prevailed by
a vote of 7 to 5, Aigeltlnger, AttrKjge,
Black, Collins, Holland, Perrault and
Phelps voting aye. The motion to pat»a to
I print practically kills the resolution, as it
: will have to pass through the Mayor*
hands, and he unofficially announced yes
terday that he would veto it.
The motion whereby the vote by which
the tax levy was adopted was made by
Deasy. A communication from the Audi-
J tor stated that the only way by which
! funds could be obtained for the repairing
of the Sixth street sewer system would
be to increase the Street Department fund
the necessary |10,000. Deasy, upon whom
sewer troubles in the Sixth street section
have rested heavily, moved to reconsider
the tax levy in order to increase the fund
] that amount. Algeltinger moved as un
I amendment that the levy be reconsidered
I only in so far as the Street Department
was concerned. Mayor Phelan said that
the reconsideration of one subdivision of
the levy would lead to the reconsideration
of the whole, and Holland upon that
moved to reconsider the whole thing at
once and have done with it. Although
rrault fought the proceeding, the mo
tion carried, and he was obliged to change
his vote and give notice that on the next
meeting he would move to reconsider the
vote whereby the vote which passed the
tax levy was reconsidered.
Perrault submitted a minority report of
the Finance Committee against paving
the July gas bills, as they exceeded* the
provisions of the one-twelfth act. His
report was adopted and the numerous
gas questions were introduced. The
specifications were read and so amended
that sixty-six lights were done away
with at an annual saving of $21,974, and
that street lights will be turned off two
days before and two days after full
moon. Mayor Phelan also proposed an
amendment which provided that the con
tracting gas company shall at all times
submit to any inspection of meters
which the Board of Supervisors may
specify, providing that it Be, without ex
pense to the company except In cases
where meters may be found fast or other
wise defective and ordered disconnected.
That clause which called for bids for
lighting the entire city and county was
stricken out, as it was considered it
would shut out competition, there being
only one company capable of uiuuing on
the entire contract.
The passage of the demands for the gas
company's July bills then came up, and
Perraul.t claimed that the adoption or
his minority report finally disposed of the
bills at their present figure. Mr.
Crockett stepped in at this point and said
his board of directors had met earlier in
the day and Instructed him to notify the
Supervisors that unless the bills were
ordered paid on the spot the gas would
be shut off on Wednesday. Perrault
pointed out that the bills could not be
paid, the one-twelfth, act considered.
Mayor Phelan suggested that by concur
rent action of the board, the Auditor and
the Treasurer the law could be suspended
and the money appropriated.
"That may be.' replied Perrault, "but
the suspension of the one-twelfth act
would establish a dangerous precedent."
A motion was finally made to lay the
matter over for a week and it was so
ordered. The Finance Committee will
again consider and devise some mean*
for payment. ... - . , .'. ':■ ■
Leave of absence from the State for
sixty days was granted License Collector
Lees and Police Commissioner Tobln.
Gas Inspector Tupper reported that he
had discontinued ; the following : lights at
m City Ball, effecting a saving of Jill 70
per month: Sub-basement, 17; basement
corridor. 3; first floor, 6: second floor, o;
Public: Library, 26. The report also
pointed out that a further saving or
|14) 50 could bo effected by using 109
Welsbach . lights in the branch library,
engine room and City Prison. ' ■
The invitation extended" to the board
by the Xaative Sons and Daughters to
participate in the big night parade to
occur. the night after the arrival or the
California volunteers was accepted.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re
ferred to the proper committees:
Property owners for the repeal of resolution i
granting the Union Paving: and Contracting
Company permission to pave with bitumen |
Oakwood street from Eighteenth street south- j
erly; Fiinn & Treacy for release from their
contract to lay artificial stone sidewalks on i
Noe street between Henry and Sixteenth: Mrs. i
11. Zeh requesting that property owner* on the
west side of Seventh avenue be. ordered to con- ,
struct n bulkhead to. prevent sand from drift
ing around the avenue: Williams, Reiser & Co.
for permission to construct a 12-inch fewer in
Lyon street between Sacramento and Clay, pri
vate contract; property owners of Sunset and
Richmond districts for the maintenance of the
Park Receiving Hospital; Miller. Blow & Scott )
for permission to erect an awning In front of
their premises on Beale street, near Market: ;
property owners for permission to grade for I
credits In front of their premises on South
street, between Sixth and Seventh; D. F. Ken- |
ney for permission to erect three posts on the
outer edge of sidewalk at 495 Fourth street,
said posts to support an awning; John F.
Brenan for permission to pave with bitumen
Baker street between Filbert and Greenwich,
private contract.
I PROTESTS RECEIVED. .
The following protests were received and re
ferred to the proper committees:
Property owners against laying 6-foot side
walk on west side of Dolores street north of
Liberty by Johan Hastier.; Cushing. Wetmore
& Co. against privilege granted to O. F. Gray i
permitting him to construct Cv;» lineal feet of I
sidewalk on the east side of Wlnthrop street
65:9 feet north of Lombard, and to erect and
maintain posts across .-aid sidewalk at each
end thereof to prevent teams being driven over
or upon the same, and letting forth that the !
granting of eald privilege will work great dam
age to their business.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED. .
The Superintendent of Street* recommended I
the performance of the following street work:
Granite curbs on Baker street, between Wash- ,
lngton and Jackson; same on Twenty-fifth ■
street, between Howard and Shotwell. together
with twelve-inch sewer to connect with sewers ■
in Howard and Shot well streets; bitumen pave- |
ment In the crossing of Twenty-fifth and Shot
well streets; granite curb* on Cumberland
street, between Guerrero and DcHnres; same on
Elliott Park, between Stelner street and wes
terly line of Elliott lane, roadway to be payed
with bitumen; bituminous pavement on Elliott
lane, between Elliott Park and O Farrell;
granite curbs on Baker street, between Geary
and Post, roadway to be paved with bitumen;
artificial stone sidewalks on Market street, be- i
tween Fifteenth and Sixteenth; same on south- !
erly line of Green street, between Stockton ;
and Powell, from a point 192:6 feet westerly
from Stockton street, and running westerly
27:6 feet; ten-inch sewer, with manholes, in
Spear street, between Mission and Howard, to
connect with sewers in latter streets.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING.
Resolutions ordering the performance of.
street- work were finally adopted as follows:
That artificial stone sidewalks be laid on Bros
nan street, between Valencia and Guerrero;
same on southerly side of Chestnut street, be
tween Dupont and Stockton; same on Eddy
street, between Franklin and Gough; same on
Spruce street, between Clay and Washing
ton.
RESOLUTIONS OF INTENTION. '
Resolutions of Intention to order street work
were adopted as follows: Artificial stone side
walks on southwesterly line of Ninth street,
between Howard and Folsom; same on south
westerly line of Boardman place, between j
Brannan street and Fargo place: same on
northwesterly line of Brannan street, between
Boardman place and Gilbert street; same on
southwesterly line of Tenth street, between
Howard and Folsom; eight-Inch Ironstone pipe
Fewer, with two manholes and covers, in
Ouvier street, between Bosworth and right or
way of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company: I
newer in northerly crossing of Cuvler and
Bosworth streets, also in easterly, southerly!
and westerly portions with manholes, cess
pools, etc ; twelve-Inch sewer, with manholes.
etc in Cuvler street from Bosworth to a point
1 "44 feet southerly, and a fourteen-inch sewer
: from that point to center line of Mission
street, with storm-water Inlets at northerly
< and westerly corners of intersection of Cuvler
and Mission street?; eight-inch sewer, with
two manholes, In Garden avenue, between
Devisadero and Broderick streets, to connect
with sewer in Hyde street; grading Chestnut
street between Hyde and Larkin; granite
! curbs on Burrltt street, from Bush to south
erly termination of Burritt street, roadway to
be paved with bitumen; twelve-inch sewer,
with two manholes and covers, in Lyon street
between Sacramento and Clay, to connect with
sewer In Sacramento street.
The Superintendent of Streets requested that
the following street work be passed to Reso
lution Ordering: Roadway of Van Ness ave
nue, between southerly line of Hayes ami
southerly line of McAllister streets, be paved
with bitumen and that storm-water inlets, cul
verts etc., be constructed on the northeasterly,
northwesterly and southwesterly corners of the
crossing of Van Ness and Birch avenues: ba
salt block gutterways on Montgomery street,
between Tost and Sutter streets; roadway to
be paved with bitumen; roadway of Van Ness
avenue, between the northerly line of Eddy and
j the northerly line of Geary, to be paved with
bitumen, gutterwaxs. etc.. and storm inlets
mid culverts constructed at the intersection of •
Van Ness and Olive avenues; basalt block gut
terways on crossing of Montgomery and Sut
ter streets, roadway of same to be paved with
bitumen; bitumen pavement on Van Ness ave
nue, between the southerly line of Bush street
and the northerly line of Pine, and storm-water
inlets, culverts, etc., on the northeasterly,
j northwesterly and southwesterly corners of the
crossing of Van Ness avenue and Austin street;
basalt block gutterways on Montgomery street.
between Sutter and Bush, roadway thereof to
be paved with bitumen: basalt block gutter
ways on crossing of Montgomery and Bush
streets, roadway of same to be paved with bi
tumen.
CONTRACTS AUTHORIZED.
The Superintendent Of Streets was authorized
to contract with the City Street Improvement
Company for the city's portion of the follow
ing named street work: Cesspools, culverts,
granite curbs, bituminous rock sidewalks and
paving with basalt blocks, the crossing of Six
teenth and Harrison streets, at a cost not to
exceed $275; for construction of cesspools, cul
verts, granite curbs, bitumen sidewalks and
basalt block pavement at the Intersection of
Seventeenth and Harrison streets at a cost of i
1180
STREET WORK AUTHORIZED.
Resolutions granting permission for the per
formance of street work by private contract
were finally adopted as follows: Bitumen pav
ing on crossings of Clay and Laurel and Clay
and Locust streets. Pacific Paving Company.
Resolutions authorizing the performance of
the following street work by private contract
were passed to print: Bitumen paving on
Baker street between Filbert and Greenwich,
granite curbs. John T. Brenan; refrrading and
remacadamizing Twelfth avenue between Cali
fornia and Lake streets, provided sewer in said
avenue between points named is sufficient for
drainage and Is approved by Superintendent
of Streets, Peter MrHugh.
ACCEPTANCE OF STREET WORK.
Resolutions of full acceptance of street work
were passed to print as follows: Jessie street
from Hermann to its southerly termination,
bitumen; ' Eighteenth strret between Douglass
and Danvers. bitumen; Alabama street between
Twenty- fourth and Twenty-fifth, bitumen:
crossing Of Eighteenth and Eureka streets and
the crossing of Eighteenth and Douglass
streets, bitumen.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that Twenty-ninth street between Church and
Sanchez, bitumen pavement, be fully accepted.
The Superintendent of Streets recommended
that the City Street Improvement Company
be granted ninety days' time on Its contract
to grade Bernal Park.
MISCELLANEOUS. MATTERS. ;
The Southern Pacific Company was requested \
to place gates at the railroad crossing at Har- !
rison and Twenty-first streets.
Timothy Griffin was granted permission to
construct an artificial stone sidewalk In front
of his property on the east side of Hyde street
between Vallejo and Green.
The resolution granting the Union Paving I
i Company permission to pave Elgin Park be- i
'■ tween Hermann and Thirteenth streets with !
' bitumen by private contract was repealed and
the Superintendent of Streets directed to rec- ]
! ommend that said work be done under the pro- !
visions of the street law.
The Superintendent of Streets was authorized
i and directed to take action to abate the nui- j
I Fance complained of by property owners caused I
i by Imperfect sewerage in Twelfth avenue be
tween California and Lake streets.
I The Superintendent of Streets was directed
i to forthwith remove the buildings that obstruct
j Hooper and Irwln streets, between Sixth and ,
• Seventh. ■ '■
! The City Engineer was directed to make nee- !
j essary examination and report to the Superin
* tendent of Streets the condition of Sixth street
' sewers and connecting sewers, and the Super
intendent of Streets was directed to take steps
: for the reconstruction of said sewers to abate
i a nuisance now existing.
The California Barrel Company was granted
permission to lay a swltchtrack from the main
line of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the
i west Fide of Illinois street, thence across Il
! linois street at about Twenty-second street and
I along the sidewalk In front of Potrero Nuevo
; block No. 42^^
»
OPPOSED TO GIVING
LIQUORS TO SOLDIERS
It having come to the attention of the
Baptist ministers that intoxicating: liquors
I were to be furnished the California boys
i on their arrival in this city, the following j
resolutions were unanimously adopted at
their weekly meeting yesterday:
The Baptist Ministerial Union of Pan Fran
cisco and vicinity puts on record Its emphatic
protest against the proposed furnishing of beer
and other intoxicating liquors to the returning
California volunteers at the breakfast to be
given at the fern' on their arrival.
We urge the committee having the break
fa.«t in charge to decline to serve anything that
might overcome the manhood of those who
have po bravely represented us on the field of
battle. C. H. HOBART.
JOHX DOWNIE.
W. G. TROWER,
Committee.
Rev. Dr. A. X. Carson. D.D., pastor of
Trinity Presbyterian Church, read a pa
per on "Christian Science Unchristian and
Unscientific" at the weekly meeting of the
Presbyterian Ministerial Union yesterday .
morning. The paper was an Interesting j
discussion of the subject. Dr. Carson ad- I
mitted the reality of many of the won- '
derful cures reported in different ages and
countries through various occult agencies,
but held that such cures are always due
to the operation of the mind upon the |
body, in accordance with physical laws. |
He said: "For mind cure pure and simple i
we can at least have respect, for it pro
ceeds, as far as it goes, along well-ascer
tained proved lines of the human |
mind, faith cure, which Is eimply ,< j
religious form of the mind cure. I have'
both respect and reverence, for it cornea
to us In the name of the real historic |
Christ, and emphasizes His work and His j
word as the ground of its action, and ;
pleads His promise of answer to prayer
When it is true prayer. But this thing.
this so-called 'truth cure" I am persuaded
Is of the devil and devilish in Its results."
■ » ■ — i
GIRL KILLED BY A
DOSE OF CREOSOTE
GRASS VALLEY. Aug. 21.— This even
ing Evelyn Noble, a pretty little girl 14 |
years of age, died in agony at the homo of
her parents from swallowing the contents
of a bottle containing creosote. The only
witness to the act was her mother, who
when seen this evening said that her
daughter was suffering from toothache
during the afternoon and put some cotton
in her tooth, then turned the bottle upon
her mouth until emptied. She then gave a
prream. threw the vial across the room \
i :id said. "My God. what shall I do?"
A neighbor hurried for a phyplcian,
while the mother gave the usual simple
antidotes, but the girl died shortly after
the doctor arrived without regaining con
sciousness. Evelyn was of a loving and
cheerful disposition, and there seems to
be no reason for the girl to intentionally j
take her own life, unless crazed by pain.
The parents are heartbroken over the sad
affair.
Still More Counterfeiting.
The Secret Service has just unearthed another
band of counterfeiters and secured a large
quantity of bogus bills, which are so cleverly
executed that the average person would never
suspect tli»m of being spurious. Things of
treat value are always selected for Imitation,
notably Hostetter"B Stomach Bitters, which has
many Imitators but no equals for disorders like
Indigestion, dyspepsia, constipation, nervous
ness and general debility. Always go to reliable
druggists who have the reputation of giving
what you ask for. •
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Down East
VIA THE
"BIG FOUR"
THE ROUTE OF THE
FAMOUS
KNICKERBOCKER SPECIAL.
FINEST SERVICE EVER
OFFERED TO THE
Mountains
Lakes and
Sea Side.
THROUGH SLEEPERS FROM ST, LOUIS
NEW YORK AND BOSTON
Via New York Central.
Through Sleepers to Washington,
reaching all the health and
PLEASURE RESORTS OF
VIRGINIA.
C. L. HILLEARY, W. P. DEPPE,
a. a. p. a.. a. a r, k,
6t. Louis. Cincinnati.
WARREN J. LYNCH,
General Passenger and Ticket Agent,
Cincinnati. O.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
I HL MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN-
PA LACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT JN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT '
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN- |
DUCEMEXTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 62S
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 J Street.
SAN JO6E OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Satuallt* Ferry.
Commend' < April 23, 1889.
FROM BAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, •8:00, S:SO. U:W ft. m.l
•1:45, 2:20. 4:00, •6:00. 6:»» p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays. Wednesday*. Saturdays
and Sundays, at 8:00 and 11:10 p. tn.
SUNDAYS— *B :OO, •9:00. •10:00, 11:00, 11:10 a.
m. : 1:00. *1:45. *t:SO. «4:O0. S: SO. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raff Sundays.
t:tO p m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sunday*.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-*:25. fM. T:SS. i:4O. 'lO:**
a. m.; 12:30. 2:15. n:4O. 4:55. S:l5 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. tM. *9:45, •10:45. »U:«
a. m.: 1:00. 2:20. •3:10. »5:15. »«:oe. 7:90. 10:tt
p m
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FR-ANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— B:4S, 6:50, 7:55. 8:66. 10:84
a. m. : 12:35. 2:45, 4:68. 6:10 p. r:
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS - §:00. IC^O, 11:10 a. m.: U:O5.
1:20 2:40. 3:55, 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. tn.
THROUGH TRAINS.
T:W a. m week days— Cazadero and way sta'na.
t:2O p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'na.
1:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'na. {
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday »er.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 1:45 pm (:00 pen
9:10 am 2. -05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm ■
10:40 am 6:86 pm Fresno 9:SO am 2:42 pm
11:88 am 7:45 pra Hanford 7:46 am 1:46 pm
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am ■
11:69 am 6:25 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm Tulare 6:50 am 146 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Department, SZI Market St.,
Ban Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J&carteSs
jPHIiVER
I PILLS
affSSf h 4 I ILiLi«9
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
} Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per*
I feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
-1 ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. '' «i
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62i>Hi:ARXYM. Established '
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
pise;is»-a. Lost Manhood. Debility or '
disease wearing 011 bml yund mind and
Skin Diteasi-s. Thedoctorcureswneii
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
t'nrr«)(iinrnnli-i-<l. Callorwrlte.
;>r. J. *'. tJfuiio.N. Box 1937. 5 un Kraiicisio.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOrTIIKRI PACIFIC COMPAHT.
(PACIFIC SVSTKM.) . :
rralna le»»c «n«l nir line to arrive n(
KAN FItAK«'I.M'O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
LEAvr. — From August 2, 1899. — arriyb
7iO«a Beniela, Buisun end Sacramento. . . . 5: 15p
i:O»a MarjßTille, OroTiUeand Kcildiug via
Woodland 5:4»p
7:OOa. Elmira, Vacavillo and Rmnßey *>:50f
7i3Oa Martinez, Sannamou.Voliejo, Nay»,
Calistoia ami Ban ta Rosa 6:13p
8i«Oa Atlantic Kxpreßg, Ogilen and Kast.. Uil3*.
81IIUA Bau .lose. LiTcnnore, Stockton,
lone, Sooramruto. PUcervilie,
M»rysTi;N\ Cbioo, lie.l liliiff 4ilSr
»:UOa •Milton. Oakdale aDd r.'onora 4tlsp
0:30 a Yosetnite Valley via Gakdale and
Chinese 4:13p
0:00 a Haywartis, Nil a and Way Stations. 1 1:45 a
BtOO\ Martinez, Trncy, I.atbrop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 1»jI8p
•:O«a Fresno, ISakenUolil •Sniitn Kurliara,
Los Angeles. Doming, El Tiso,
New Orleans and East ■ ' B j4sp
; I0i«Oa Vallejo, llartiner and Way Station.! 7i45*
1 1 iOOa Haywarus, NUes and Way Stations. Bi43p
12i00m NUcs, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-'
mento, Mendota, Ilanford, VisaUa,
Porterrille 4«l»p
■liOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers »S:OOp
BiOOp Haywarda, Nil,* and Way Stations. 0:45 P.
4iottr Mnrtluez, Han ilaoioii, Vallejo.
Napa, (Jaiiatnga. .Santa Itosa ..... iiila*
4i«*r Benlclo, VaeaTllle, .Sacramento,
Woodland, Kniehts Landing,'
■MarrsTUlc, OroTllle 1 0:49 a
4:8 Op Niies, nan and Stockton 7:13p
<t:3Op Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond IS:l3p
B«*OrThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field, Bansua for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 9:43\
SißOp Stockton. Merced, Fresno...: 12:13f
B:3Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
MojaTe end I am Angeles 8:411 A
OiBop Santa 1« Route, Atlantic Kzpreis
for MojaTe and Kast 6:48p
CitOp Chlcago-Sau Franeleco Special, Ogdeu
and Kost 8:30p
6i«op Haywards, Nilea and San Jose 7:4» a
•SiOOr Vallejo I8:13p
|7:00p Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions JBs33p
oiOsp OrcL-on Kiprrss, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Iteddlng, Portland, I'uget
Sound and Kaat 8»13a,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Oange).
(Foot of Market Street.) ■
u l7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Wr.y Station* |8:05r
0: 1 Newark,C'enternlle, Han Jose, Felton, ° .
Boulder Creek, San t a Cmz and Way
Stations B:30p
•»ilBp Newark. CenterTilJe, San Jose, New
Almauen, Felton, Koulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way . . -
Station! Moi3oa
4>lSp San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta- ■
tions.... . 0:20 a
Mi 1 3p Felton. Santa Cruz and Way Sta- ' -
! itons /9»20a,
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtnSlK raiBOISCO— of Xirkit Street (Slip 8)—
•7:10 0.-00 ll:00i.M. 11:03 *2:03 {3:00
•4:00 15:00 •6:00 p.m.
rrcmOilUHß— or Droadwi-.— *6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
> tl2:00 »l:00 t3:00 «3:00 1.4:00 «8:0 Of.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
"•«: I©A Ocean View, Boutb San Fraueieco.. # 8:80p
<*7:0« a Sati Jose and Way Stations (New
Almadeii Wednesdays only) *S:OOa
17:30 a Sunday Excursion for Santa Cruz,
Pacific GroTO and Principal Way
SUtlocs :BiB3p
OitOit San Jose, Trt-s Plnos, Santa Cruz.
PaciQo Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Oblspo, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Stations 4:10p
S«i4oa Bau Jose and Way Stations 0:33 a
1:3Oa Baa Jose and Way Stations l:3Op
•2:43r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, Han .lose.
UoUlster, Sauta Cruz. Balinaa,
Monterey and Pacilic Grove *I0:8bA
•SiSOp San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way Stations # 7:80p
•4«10p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
*S:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:35 a -
OiSOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:410 a
6>3Op Baa Jose and Way Stations 3:30p
flli43p San Jose and Way Stations 17r30p
A for Morniuj. < P for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted. X Sunday only. 1 Saturday only.
and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC.
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaron Ferry. Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a- m. ; 12:35
3:34, 5:10, «:80 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. - Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:6»
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:*»,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50, 8:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45, '
1:40. 5:16 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— i: 10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:03,
6:26 p. m. • .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Parlc
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.',
April IS, ,
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:80 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm, t:Soam Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa K>;sa. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm.
Fulton. ■ .
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 an)
Healdsburg-,
Lytton.
Geyservltle,
3: SO pra 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pin 6:20 pza
7:80 am ! Hoplar.d and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am j I 10:25 am
8:00 am GuerneviUe. 7:35 pm i
3:30 pm ] 6:20 pra •
7:36 am( 8:00 am' Sonoma v 10:40 am! 8:40 ana
and •■'■'-,
1:10 pm 1:00 pm Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm| 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. [10:49 am 10:25 am,
3:80 pm 6:00 pm /-.'- I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm!
Stages connect at Santa Ro*a for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Ska?gf
Springs ; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop*
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Spring%
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lak«*
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vich*
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
pell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Pom 4
Pott«p Valley, John Day's. Rlverslds, Lieriey'%; •
Bucknell's Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvtlle.
Boonevllle. Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarre, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,!
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport Ueal. Wlilittß, Laytonville. Cum-<
mine's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Oisen's. Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka. .
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rate*. round trip tickets to all pointß *
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
"Ticket Of fires 650 Market St., Chronicle Nd».
H C WHITING, R. X. RYAN, •
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1853.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m.. and 1:45 p. m. .
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving' in San Francisco at 11:20
p. m. - ■
SUNDAYS. 6, 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
and 4p. m. . . .
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Afits., 621 Market it. •
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corr wr of Market and Thtrd streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES?— C>27 MontFomery street,
corner Clay; open until 0:30 o'clock.
SOO Hay*s street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
BH McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIS Larkin streetr open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission street; c.pen until 10 o'clock.
:?61 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until t o'clock.
100 Eleventh straet; open until 9 o'clock.
2628 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky yti"-:*: ■■',■'•" " ntll ? "' c ' look -
MEETING NOTICES^
CALIFORNIA Chapter. No. nft-Sr>AvS li
J__Wlll meet THIS (TUEfaDA"i)^^
EVENING, Aug. 22, at 7:30 o clock. TK2T
11 11 degree. ISv order of the H. P. •~r ■>
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodpe No. 30, F. and It
A. M.— Meeting THIS 'TUESDAY) _j\_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. 2. 7W\
GKO. J. ■ HOBS, Secretary. / ~rj
MISSION Chapter No. 79, R. A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _J\_
EVENING, 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- )LJf
sonic Temple, 2668 Mission st. P. W >
and __. E. M. degrees. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
PAUFIC Lodge No. 126, F. and A. M., •
121 Eddy st— Meets THIS EVENING, __K_.
7:15 o'clock. 2 D. X_X
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secy. /▼>
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. _
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY) __f%__
EVENING, at 7:50 o'clock. X_X
A. B. HUBBARD, Sec. /V>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. m
M.— Special meeting WEDNESDAY, JL
August 23, at l:Sl> o'clock p. m., forjPjf
the purpose of conducting the funeral rv'
services of cur late brother, WILLIAM
SAUNDERS JONES. Sojourning brethren
and friends are Invited to attend. By order
of the master.
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary. .
ANCIENT Order of Foresters— All ir. em->_t-«<i»»
b*>rs of this order are hereby invited to $~*T
report at headquarters, 102 O'Farrell JK \
st, on the evening of our parade Id ___._)
honor of the California volunteers at 7 o'clock
eharp. A place 111 our ranks will be assigned
to all by our division mart Brother M.
Mcripan. H. BEAVER, President.
Attest, J. E. JOHNSON. Secretary.
COURT Occidental No. 8676. a. O. F.- -mt^-f
Officers and members will meet at A, _^f
O. F. Hall at 6:30 on ni&rht of parad« _#\
In honor of the return of. the Californ <K__-»
volunteers. By order of
NEIL O'NEILL, C. R.
RED MEN. ATTENTION! — All _«^>^
members of the Improved Order "^vjtfj^sj*-
of Red Men are requested to meet __.__?-
Rt Rod Men's Hall. 320 Post fit., at 6:80 on
the evening of the parade in honor of the re- I
turn of the California Volunteers.
FRED IS. SWAN, List. Marshal.
PIONEERS— The mem- -jarrS^STyß—w
berp of the Society of J^^J&"j&jssrfo.
California Pioneers are jyVrfXffltXfi&^lJg&i
requested to utt^nd the *'<*fJwlv&s§%&'v%4
funeral of our kito _fe.¥'vi^"* : iJ^-2>l!{
member. DR. JOHN Jyrft
R. CORYELL, from *^^ tm '*■" __r
his late residence, 3201 Pacific aye.. TO-DAY
(TUESDAY). Aug. 22, at 3 p. m. Please
wear the usual funeral badge.
JOHN F. PINKHAM. Marshal. |
REPUBLICAN Club of the Thirty-sixth As- '
sembly District will meet TO-NIGHT at 8
o'clock, at Hartford Club Hall, Hartford St., ,
near Eighteenth.
FRANK FRENCH, President.
J. L. NAGLE, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re- j
oeived applications to mine by the hydraulic
• process from J. S. Goodwin in the Birdseye
Creek placer mine, at You Bet, Nevada
County, to deposit tailings in an old pit; from
Mrs. E. A. Cox, In the Washington mine, at
Whisky Diggings, Sierra County, to depostt
tailings in Fourth Ravine, and from George
W. Stone and .lames J. Schenrich, In the Red
Hill gravel mine, near Diamond Springs, El
Ixirado County, to deposit tailings in a ra- |
vine and in Rlneg.>ld Creek, gives notioe
that a meeting will be held at room 59, Flood
building. San Francisco. Cal., on September
4, 1899, at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
«t. on WEDNESDAY, August 23, 1198. at
*:30 p. m.. for the election of directors for the \
ensuing year and the transaction of such oth<«r
business" as may come before it. Transfer ;
t>ooks will close Friday. Aug. IS. at 4 p. m.
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
F. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations A firms: ref. i
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at la—,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges; estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
■moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-555 Market st; tel. South 215.
/DVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER, 916 Market st. room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed. :
MAGLE & NAGLE. Attorr leys-at-Law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st. I
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 827 ;
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W. i
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
IK)TEL FAIRMOUNT— StrictIy first-class; 1714
Market St., S. F. Cal.: American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
mites without board. $1 per day; single rooms,
EOc; special rates by month, also to tourists. ,
FKUITVALE: priv. board; extensive grounds,
Jncl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Fruitv_le ay.; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
I_AS PALM IS2O Market— Parlor, 2 bed- j
rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
O'FARRELL, Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. 303 ( Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
6q.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
t!NCLE HARRIS, IS Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions.
BOARD AND ROOMS ANTED.
LADY wants unfurnished room and board In
private family; location within four blocks
of Sixth and Market sts. ; state terms. Ad-
drees box 14GS, Call office.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st, near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— sSoo; PARTNER wanted by a lady In aflrst-
" class paying saloon; very best location; low
rent; Investigate at once. R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
A— s3oo; FRUIT and vegetable store on Second
Ft.; horse, wagon; cheap rent; good paying.
Call R. O. WILKE. .06 Market st. .
X— s6so; SALOON: elegant furniture; dally re-
ceipts $18; rent $50; close to Chronicle, K. G.
WILKE, 906 Market St.
A — sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar; transfer
■'point; rent $40; a good-paying store; estab-
lished years; full value in sight; all cash
trade. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$750; CORNER grocery and bar in Western
Addition; splendid business; first-class pay-
ing; sickness of owner causes a bargain.
. WILKE. 906 Market st. .
A PARTNER with $1200 anted In old-estab-
lished country grocery store and bar; lively
manufacturing town; 15 miles from city. R.
O. WILKE, »'"> Market st
A— s6oo; NEWSPAPER and periodical route;
flr?t-class paying; including stock of periodi-
cals store fixtures and 3 furnished rooms.
Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st
X— ? 1000; CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon In
•wholesale district; established many years
and doing splendid business; no low prices;
•rent cheap. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$700— OLD established oyster house; vicinity
Fourth and Market; best fixed up place in
town; will easily clear $75 to $100 per month;
proof furnished: M. LESS, 765 Market
BA-CERI for. sale; north of Market, es-
tablished 11 years; greatest bargain of Its
kind- sickness cause sale; bargain. M. LESS,
SCO Market st.
$300— GROCERY and bar; best part residence
■ 'district south Of Market; good stock, flx-
tu'rea. etc.; trial given. M. LESS. 765 Marke:.
1600— MARKET' street- oyster house; central;
good transient and regular trade; rent only
$18; genuine offer; trial given. M. LLSb. <65
9 Market Bt. ' ' '- ' - ■
CORNER grocery and bar; best part Mis-
sion- old established; big bar trade; 3 fur-
nished rooms; seller owns property; cares
.more for good tenant than money. M. I-E_b,
765 Market Bt. ~
FRUIT, vegetable and dairy produce
store across the bay; neat stand; splendid
•business; AI offer; don't miss it. M. __.:»*>,
765 Market st .-■■''■
CENTRALLY located family liquor " store:
suitable for man and wife or two -parties:
living rooms; must sell at once; make offer;
rent cheap. Inquire at 269 Third st.
WOOD ' and ."coal' yard for sale. Apply 1106
Larkln St.. bet. I and 10 a. a
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
$376— CANDY store and Ice ■ cream parlor, near
Mechanics' Pavilion; makes own stock:
steady established trade; will . pay $UK) a
month; bargain. COAST EXCHANGE CO.,
719 Market Ft.
IF you would sell your business quickly list
with COAST EXCHANGE CO., 719 Market st.
$650— STATIONERY store. Sixth , st. ; fine es-
tablished trade: must be sold at once. COAST
EXCHANGE CO.. 719 Market st.
$400— PARTNER wanted; established legitimate
business: paying well; fine opening for live
man. COAST EXCHANGE CO.. 719 Market.
HALF Interest In a business; paying $75 a
month to each $300
A choice corner saloon 600
Large list of bargains. Call PACIFIC
COAST EXCHANGE, 1007*4 Market st, near
Sixth. 
WE have a number of good business openings
for small Investors in all lines. COAtT EX-
CHANGE CO.. 719 Market st. £
$<JOO— BRANCH bakery, notions, confectionery ;
receipts day; close to large school; large
stock; rent $16; 4 rms. and bath; elegant busi-
ness chance: see It. JONES „ CO.. SCO Mkt.
COUNTRY hotel of 25 rooms, completely fur-
nished: part furniture for sale; rent only $30
per month. 435 Fourth et. .; -..•;■;'■
BARBER shop for sale; good trial; cheap rent;
leaving city. Box 3265. Call.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man In commis-
sion business: will pay $15 to $18 per week;
must have $100 cash; experience not neces-
sary. 1016 Market St.. room 4.
FIRST-CLASS patent for sale cheap: made en-
tirely from wood. Box 3290, Call office.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
BECK & CO.. NOAH F. FLOOD. Attorney,
buy, sell and exchange real estate ami busi-
Bess chances; loans and collections made. 955
Market st
FOR sale— Receipt of small manufacturing !
business with 200 customers; a fortune for a
business man with small capital. Apply 3 to
4, room 8, 230 Kearny st.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; 2 living
rooms; want an offer. *""■'■;. Filbert ft.
WANTED— Painter and general all-round man,
not afraid of work, as partner In established
business; no money necessary. Call or ad-
dress X, 2137 Dwlght way. Berkeley, Cal.
For sale, cheap — rooms and bath; near Van
Ness and Market; completely furnished; ;
rooms pay rent. Box 17, Call Branch Office.
106 Eleventh st.
CIGAR and stationery store: receipts $50 day;
long lease; low rent 216 Third st.
A GRAND opportunity for a home-seoker to
purchase at half price a ranch of 80 acres of
choice level land at Fortuna, Fresno County;
don't delay, but Investigate at once this genu-
ine bargain. M. A. Brooks, i- Golden Gate ay.
TINNERS and plumbers, attention; business
for sale: established over 18 years; set of tin-
ners' and plumbers' tools, with small stock
of shelf goods; man can get pood-paying
business for $350: banner crop in county this j
year. Address T. PATTISt'N, box .1. San
Luis Oblapo.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale in one of the
best towns north of San Francisco. For par-
ticulars Inquire at Call office.
BRANCH bakery for sale; established 24
years; sickness cause; fine living-rooms, l-il
Fifteenth st. -
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO. '
W. CASWELL & CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
LIFE insurance policies bought, cash. W. R. j
N ilson, Atty & Financial Agt. 123 Eddy st.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $200; splendid local-
ity: cash business. Apply owner, 606 Castro.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. A poly Call office.
TO Lunch counter. Apply 236 Third st.
FOR sale— A good home bakery; particulars at i
ZSBG Market st, near Sixteenth. J. McEUigott.
LIFE insurance policies bought, cash. W. Nich-
olson. Atty & Financial Agt.Hackmeier Hotel.
CARRIAGES AND AYAGONS.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, .carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAtTLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 3"3-3."7 Tehama st. : tel. S. 40.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson at.; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard; laid at 80.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 34th
st.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTlCA^Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent Office and factory. 21 Spear st
CLAIRVOYANTS AND S I '.RITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery; she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou- j
bles; restore lost affections; unites the sep-
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells :
your entire life, past, present and future,
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; _»"nd stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023H Market St., near Sixth. Always consult
the best.
MME. LANGE. the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never falls: lias the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee, 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 1167 Market st,
bet. "Seventh and Eighth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
Fight; diagnoses disease; full life readings;
ladles, 50c; gents. $1; sittings. $1 GO. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; 2."c. 619'_ Larkln
st; Sunday hours from 7 p. m. to 10 p. m.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
MISS A L CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st, rooms 2-3.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
* reader; 25c up. - 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
M\Bo AUGUST. 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME SYBILLH, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
CIRCLE to-night and Friday 8 p m - ; 25c: 2
mediums; trance; sittings dally (1). 610 Valen-
cia at. •
MME YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages
to-night 606 McAllister; 10c; come skeptics.
MRS. HARLAND. removed to 34 Sixth St.;
circle to-night ; articles read; tests; 10c.
C V MILLER returned: trumpet seance to-
night 8 o'clock; 25c. 409 Leaven worth.
AT Friendship Hall. 335 McAllister, sittings
dally. 2. 8 p. m.; testa by good mediums; 10c.
MR& J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE.W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ALMOST^new cottage, 4 rooms. 3272 Folsom
St.; rent $10; key next door.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, • bath: lare»
yard- chicken-house: water free; rent $14. 133
Collins st. near Point Loboa aye.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large 'yard and stable.
21S . Holllngwood. ■ ■
COZY cottage, .6 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able. 1835 Bush st. ■••■ ■
$13— COTTAGE; 4 rooms, bath; 694 ' San Jose
avenue. •
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS" dental parlors. 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
ed without. pain by the use of.electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up- other fillings from 60c;
:- badly decayed teefn carefully treated and
" filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
\ from $4 60 up- flesh colored ' plates from $3 60
' up; teeth without plates a specialty;' open
evenings and Sundays. • • . " l
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
............ DENTISTRY, SYNOL
Removes the . pain ; an application to the
gums and the nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored : plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted, for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns, $3 BO; plates,
full set. $5; all .work .painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by • electrlc-
Ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate, DR. H. O.
XOUNO. 1841 Polk st, . X
THE SA_ff FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1899.
DENTISTS. • - -
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL, CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket at . cor. 4th. mi. 7, Flood bld«.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$8 tO up: plates, extractions free. *4 60 up; of-
fice hours; 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to I
p. m G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell at., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. »2; bridges $4;
rubber or flexible plates. 13; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 ■ Market st, near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given. _
MEYER 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays, 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors-Fillings, DOc up; crowns,
$3 up; open evenings. S5O Market st. _
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S DRESSMAKING School; practical meth-
ods; terms reasonable. 104 Kearny st.
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
n t McDowell Dressmaking School. 103 Post.
EDUCATIONAL..
H^ALD^S^BusineTs^Coileee. 24 Post «t.. Snn
Bookkeeping, business ' practice,
shorthand, typing. languages, telegraphy.
English branches, civil and mining engineer-
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy,
surveying, etc.; electrical engineering— theory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing: 26 teachers; Individual Instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
ptudents can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
logue fre».
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses in all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc. ; evening clauses;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. "23 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. ISO; catalogue.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly; 60c
an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavla.
A-HOPF'S Mngln_. Piano School: summer
rates, hi; French. Spanish dally. Mero. Li-
brary, 530 Golden Gate, r. 6-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, nsu-ay.archl. ; day and eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; 'sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of Ptat» Normal), instructs
In shorthand: pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
A. L. MINER gives lessons, private or class.
In Lntln, mathematics, physic:!, etc.; 20 years'
experience. 1312 Green St.
VIOLIN Instruction, MV lesson: In your home
if desired. A. SOCHOR. 1255% California at.
LAW Schools, 9J7 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BANJO, guitar, mandolin, piano, 25c lesson, at
pupil's home. Call or address 613 O'FaireU st.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent: translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkln at., opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or private: special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
L«?ipsic; lessons, 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmettc.grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHIC UM Employment Offloe— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kin.
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED Female.
COMPETENT Norwegian ] girl desires situa-
tion as cook or housework; best local refer-
ences; city or country. D. CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter et.
NEAT French girl desires situation at second
work; 2 years' reference last place. D. CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German girl desires situation;
a cook; best of reference; city or country. D.
CXJLLEN, 325 6utter St. -
A Competent woman Witt a child desires a
situation in the country; good cook and
houseworker. Apply to MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Gutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS waitress desires a situation;
best reference: city or country. MISS 11.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St., phone Main 651.
A FIRST-CLASS infants' nurse desires a situ-
ation; best city reference. MISS H. CUL-
LINAN*. 323 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and seamstress
desires a situation. Apply to MISS U. CUL-
LINAN, 523 Sutter st.
GERMAN second girl, with 4 years' reference
from last place, wishes situation for the
country. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
Sl6 Butter at. .
SITUATION wanted by competent girl to do
housework aftd cooking; wages $20. 2633 Poßt
st. ; no postals.
YOUNG woman wishes position as good cook;
plain washing; has good reference. 1263 A
Mission St., near Ninth.
LADY desires position as stenographer In In-
surance office; experienced in one of the
largest agencies In Chicago. Address box
1378, Call office.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
housecleanlng, washing. 172 Silver St.
NICE girl wants place at housework, plain
cooking and waiter. 1307 Larkln at., Japanese
Christian Woman's Home.
GERMAN girl wishes to do general housework
in American family; city. • Please call at 2
Tay st., off Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 per day and car fare. 637 C Minna
St., near Eighth.
WILLING elderly woman wishes place to do
housework; kind to children; small wages; or
will go out by day. Call 143 A Natoma st.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing
or housecleanlng. Call at 104% McAllister,
rear. ■
VERY good German cook wishes situation in
private family; small washing; good refer-
ences; city or country. Address 74S Howard
St., between Third and Fourth.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation as
chambermaid and care for children. 1057
Golden Gate aye.
GERMAN girl wants place to do general house-
work. Call 1217 Kearny St., near Green.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as cook and gen-
eral housework; can give references. Please
call at 427 Eddy st.
GERMAN girl wants a situation to do general
housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply at -152
Clinton Park.
IF you're short, borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. 410 Minna St.,
YOUNG lady would like to do plain sewing
and mending; 60c a day. Box 3257. Call.
POSITION by a competent girl to do cooking
or housework. Call 1225 Mission st.
RESPECTABLE woman with child 3% years
wants cooking or housekeeping; no trlfler
need apply. Winchester House, 44 Third st.,
B. b. BROWN.
A COMPETENT young lady wishes a position
as bookkeeper or assistant;' 4 years' experi-
ence; references. Box 1253, Call.
HAVING 8 or 4 hours each day. would like to
get copying or envelopes to address at home;
wages very moderate. M. V. T., 38 Bth, city.
WANTED— Position as housekeeper; call be-
tween 10 and 4. 215 Kearny St.
INEXPERIENCED stenographer and type-
writer will work a month without wages to
gain experience. A. M.. Box 216. Builders Ex.
BY widow, position as housekeeper; city or
country: good references. Box 3299, . Call.
STYLISH dressmaking; highest satisfaction
given; special Inducements; prices reason-
able. 116 Twelfth s». ■
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6 (
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggae to and from ferry. "
EMPLOYMENT WANTED Male. ....
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. tel. East 426. ■
COOK, Canadian, 9 years' reference from last
place; > wishes a situation. Apply to J. . F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SITUATION wanted to take care of horses and
garden; good driver; can milk. Address box
8279, Call offloe. -
EXPERIENCED bread and cake baker wishes
situation in bakery or restaurant. Apply 245
Eighth st. . ■ •..-■.''■•
YOUNG man of good address wishes position
In city or country; wages no object. . Box 3278,
Call office. • ■ - • ■ ■ ' : .
PHOTOGRAPHIC work by a man with some
experience in most branches; climate, not
wages, chief object. Address box 3277, Call. fg
SITUATION wanted by strong; Swedish man;
watchman, . Janitor, porter; , steady. sober;
good worker; single. Address O. LUNDBERG,
1715 O'Farrell st. ■■■.■..■■;
WANTED— or porter work by steady,
sober youn« man, with references. Box isfl).
Call office.. ' • Si J
EMPLOYMENT - WANTED —
SITUATION by young man taking care horses,
cow, garden; good driver; handy, with tools.
Box 8286, Call offloe.
A YOUNG man understanding gardening,
chickens, horses, desires position; wages $.»
per month; references. Box 3269. Call.
CLOTHING salesman, first-class stockkeeper.
wants situation; best of references. Box Hit,
Call. ■■
WANTED— By a young man, window or house
cleaning; all kinds of walls and wall paper
cleaned or other work. ANDERSON. 9a2
Bush St.; telephone East 963.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, seal-
. skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
TOUNG man would like place to work a part
of every day; wages $3 50 per week; will give
best of references. Box .3239. Call office.
TOUNG man wants position as delivery driver;
8 years' experience with one firm; can give
reference. Box 1237, Call. ■ ■
POSITION by single man, age 35. In commis-
sion, house; two years' experience In grocery
and produce trade; good reference as to
character and ability. Address box 133.. Call.
SITUATION wanted by. a reliable young man
holding two bank references; either as Janitor
or watchman. Address box 12T.8, Call office.
JAPANESE young man wants a position to
wait on table or housework In city. K. Fo-
KUTA, 1525 Polk St. ' _ .'' :s
RELIABLE marine engineer holding chiefs
license wants position ashore; best of refer-
ences. Address box 1374. Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
FOR weak eyes, poor sight use Mayerle's glass-
" es: rest the eye. • relieve muscular strain.
George Mayerle. , German optician, 1071% Mar-
ket. German eye water by mall. 500. |
EXCHANGE.
WANTED— ReaI estate In Alameda. Oakland
and San Francisco In exchange for San
Diego city and country property. B. L.
MUIR, 680 Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
NEW flats now ready; none more beauti-
ful; electric lighting and every modern con-
venience. 846 Fell St., near Flllmore. SPECK
_ CO., 667 Market st.
A FLAT of 8 rooms and bath; $27 CO. 669 Mo-
Alllster st.
A FLAT of 7 rooms and bath; $22 60. 677 Mo-
Alllster st.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 8 rooms. 28 Rltch St.,
near Folsom and Third.
CLAYTON. 872, south of Frederick—
sunny flat; 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
DOUBLE flat of 8 rooms and bath: yard and
garden; rent reasonable. 65S Hayes St.
FILLMORE. Elegant upper flat; 6 large
rooms and bath; reduced: rent $20.
FLAT of 6 rooms. 447*4 Jessie St., between
Fifth and Sixth
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWEL-,
10 Montgomery st. '
FOURTEENTH, 134. near Shotwell— Sunny 6
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
HANDSOME corner flat. 6 rooms and bath;
newly papered. Corner McAllister and Brod-
erlck; rent $20.
MIDDLE flat; 5 all sunny n»wlv renovated
rooms. 435 i:inna St., nr. 6th; $17 mo.; no less.
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath; rent $15. 245 Ninth St.
MOSS, 30— A nice sunny upper flat of 6 rooms
and bath. Key cor Howard and Moss, nr. 7th.
NOE, 597-599. cor. Nineteenth— 4 rooms, $13 50;
6 rooms, $17; sunny corner; water free.
SUNNY flat. 4 rooms; water free; rent $10. 1606
Church St., near Twenty-eighth.
THIRD. 417%— Latest improved flats; Ist, Brms.,
2 kitchens; 2d, 7 rms., one kitchen; new build-
ing; both double bay-window sunny suits.
THIRTEENTH, 1014. near Scott— 2 new flats.
6 and 6 rooms, bath, laundry; line garden and
sunny-side view.
TO Modern flat of 4 rooms and bath;
lIS. 1805 Eddy St.. near Scott.
TWENTY-THIRD, 4073, near Castro— 6 sunny
rooms, bath, large lot, $15; water free.
VALLEJO, 1123— Flat, 4 rooms, yard. $9; 1127
Broadway, up. flat, 6 rooms, hath. $16; redu'd.
4-ROOM flats; large yard, stable and wagon
sheds. 1157 Harrison st., near Eighth.
$16— GOOD 8-room house; large yard; good
view. 1021 Lombard st.
FLAT; 119 William St., near Post and Tay-
lor; 6 rooms and bath. Apply 112 William st.
$25— NEW upper flat .8 rooms and bath. 1602
Turk st. ■
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ON account of departure, furniture of a 6-room
flat; $150; no dealers. Box 1300. Call.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
tOc. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1810 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
2ND hand— Highest cash price paid. 859 Mission.
HELP "WANTED Affenlft. •
STREET men to sell "Dewey Cannon Badges"
at once. Room 14. 9 Geary st.
NEW thing for agents: both sexes; permanent
employment. 75 Third St., S. F., room 17.
WANTED— Canvassers and agents for novel-
ties. 22'y Geary St., room 6. •
f HELP WASTED — Female.
A YOUNG woman with a boy 8 or 10 years;
cook for men; $20; country. D. CULLEN, 325
Sutter fit. ■
A PROTESTANT maid for Invalid lady; $20.
D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
A— 2 WAITRESSES, $20 each, city; 2 wait-
resses. $25: arm waiting, country, $25. I).
CULLEN, 225 Sutter St.
A YOUNG girl take care of 2 children: $12 per
month; ref. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A FRENCH second girl and seamstress, $25; 4
second girls, $20 each; 3 young second girls,
$15 and $12. ,p. CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
2 BOARDING house cooks; $25 each; country.
D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— HOUSEWORK, Menlo, $25; Fruitvale, $30;
Stockton, $25; Palo Alto, $30; Ban Lorenzo.
$25; Oakland. $25; Berkeley, $25; 20 house-
work girls, $25 and $20: 10 young girls to as-
sist. $12 and $15. D. CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress, private family, $25;
waitress and seamstress, $25; 4 second girls,
$20 and $15. I). CULLEN. 325 Sntter St.
GOOD lroner. $25 per month; sleep home. D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
GERMAN nurse, $25; must travel. D. CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSF.N & CO Phone Grant 185
Head waitress, cafe, $30; head waitress, city,
. 125; 4 waitresses. $20; 10 waitresses, country,
$20; waitress, Santa Cruz, $20, fare paid;
woman oook, few boarders, country, $30, fare
paid; £ women cooks. $30 and $25; fancy iron-
ers, country, $25 and found; mangier, coun-
try, $20 and found; mangier, city hotel, $15,
board and room.
FAMILY ORDERS ........;.
Women and girls for cooking and all
branches of housework, city and country, at
the best going wages; 2 house girls for
ranches near Martinez, $20, both choice places.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NURSERY governess for 3 children; $25; see
party here at 11 a. m. C. R. HAN SEN _
CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, small country hotel, $25, and
waitress, same plaoe, $20; cook, small coun-
try resort, $30; neat nurse for 2 children, coun-
try, $20; Germnn upstairs girl, Sacramento,
$20; French second girl, city, $25; 2 laun-
dresses for family work, short distance In
country, $30. and many others. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter Bt.
HOUSEWORK. Menlo Park, $25; Raymond, $20,
free fare; Alameda, $20; Oakland, $20; Belve-
dere, $20: San Rafael, $25, and several other
towns; a number of housework girls, city,
$25, $20 and $15; 10 young girls to assist. $10
to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
A NURSE; country; $20. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter st.
A NEAT young girl; light housework; $10 to
$15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
COOK; small hotel, country: $20; free far«.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st. •
2 HOUSEWORK girls and sl^ep home, $15;
nurse girl. $10; housework, city, $15, good
place. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
WANTED— cook, no wash. $30; young
• Protestant girl, general housework. 2 In fam-
ily, $25: neat German cook. 2 in family, $25;
neat second girl, cook, plain wash. $25, 2 in
family; 2 German girls, same house, as cook
and nurse, $25 each; 2 chambermaids and
waitresses, same country hotel, $20 each ; 2
hotel waitresses, city, same place, $20; 2 wait-
resses for springs. $20; 4 second girls, _ nice
places, $20: second girl, across the bay, see
lady at office this . forenoon, $20; German
nurse. $25; 2 lunch and dinner waitresses. 6
hours a day, $20; a large number of girls to
do cooking,- plain wash and general house-
work, city and country, $20, $25 and $30. • Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— Woman to assist in taking care of
Invalid elderly lady Apply to. DR. FROST,
2324 Mlselon st."
WANTED— Reliable and competent girl to care
| for 2 young , children In country - home; give
, food references. P. O. box 14, Nile*. J
HELP WANTED —
COOK and second i girl, same house, Oakland,
$25 and $20; second girl, two in family, $25;
second girl, $20; nursegirl, $25; German nurse-
girl to travel, $26; cook, $30; two cooks, $23
each; 25 housegirls for country; 60 housegirls,
city. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, small hotel, mining town, $20 fare
paid. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
COAT finishers on men's coats; female. Metro-
politan Tailoring Co., 671 Market st.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on fine coats.
231 Post St., room 27. '
GIRLS and boys wanted at shoe factory, 103
Mission st. G. M. KUTZi CO.
GIRL for housework and cooking; 4 adults; no
children; $16. 1456 Fulton st. ■
YOUNG girl to assist light housework and
take care baby;- sleep home. 3997 Eighteenth.
COMPETENT girl for second work and to as-
sist with children; references. 1608 Fell St.
GIRL, general housework; 2 In family; sleep
at home. 1338 Fell St. ■ ' -*
WANTED— lntelligent, unincumbered American
woman; light work and manage chickens;
small ranch. Address box 3274. Call.
GIRL for general housework; 3 in family. Call
from 8 to 2, 1275 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— An apprentice to learn tailoring.
Apply 347 Third st. ■
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 863
Hayes st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. 858 Howard,
bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
STRONG, willing girl or woman for general
housework; plain cooking. 2105 Geary st.
GIRL for housework; sleep home. 809 Polk. St.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording underskirts,
etc.. to take work home. Apply H. FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell st.
GIRL for hand fancy work on corsets. 231
Powell st.
PANTS finisher at 110 William st.. off Geary,
between Taylor and Jones.
WANTED— girl to assist with care of
child 2 years old; must sleep at home; wages
$5. 1445 McAllister st. •
GIRL for second work." 1416 Sutter st.
FINISHERS on custom coats. 254 Ellis St.
__^ 1 r .
GOOD waitress; $5 per week. 196 Tenth st.
WANTED— A girl for second work. Apply 807
Franklin Gt.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In general
housework; wages $15. Address P. O. box 161,
San Rafael.
STRONG girl for kitchen work and cleaning
store; sleep home. 114% Sixth st.
WANTED— A young girl for light housework.
FRANCES, 796 Sutter St.; apply in rear on
Jones st.
WANTED— A first-class German cook In Jew-
ish restaurant. 118 Turk st.
WANTED— A first-class tailoress on coats. 238
Fourth st.
GERMAN girl to assist In general housework;
no children. 8116 Sixteenth, near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO., LTD., Brannan
•t., between Third and Fourth. .
EXPERIENCED canners wanted; apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan st., bet. Third and Fourth.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LXVI STRAUSS & CO., 3&»j Fremont
Bt. ; take elevator.
GIRLS to sew buttons on shirts. LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36,4 Fremont st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO.. Tenth and Bryant sts.
— Well-bred well-appearing energetic
women; experienced canvassers preferred; only
those with best of reference need apply. Ad-
dress or call Monday and Tuesday, 9 a. m.,
at box 1251. Call office. .
WANTED— GirI 10 to 14 years of age to help
at light housework In family of two; orphan
preferred: for board and schooling. Call or
address 319 Kearny St., room 2, bet. 1 and S.
■
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
FINISHERS on custom made coats; steady
work; good wages. 304 Tehama St.
APPRENTICES in millinery store at 692 Mc-
Allister St.; first-class teaching.
TWO girls to fold and strip paper boxes. II
Fremont st.
OPERATOR on pants; electric power. 83 Third
st. ; upstairs.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl for general
housework; German preferred; $15. 1304
Church St., near Twenty-fifth.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted on under-
skirts and fancy goods. ZUCKERMAN &
CO.. 623 Market st., rooms S and 9.
WANTED — First-class talloress 1 on custom
pants. 411% Kearny st.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
HELP WANTED — Male.
FIRST-CLASS butler, $40; must have refer-
ences. D. CULLEN, 325 Sutter St. ■
NURSE for institution: $20 per month. D.
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FEE— FREE— FEE.
FARE FREE FARE FREE
10 stonemasons... $3 50 a day
25 stonemason helpers $2 to $2 50 a day
60 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
60 2-horse teamsters $1 75 a day
100 laborers $1 75 to $2 a day
For the Coast Railroad.
All Free Fee and Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
FREE FARE.
VALLEY ROAD FREE FARE
6 plowholders ...$2 15 a day
6 scraper loaders ....$2 15 a day
60 4-horse teamsters $2 a day
60 laborers $1 75 a day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
60 60 50
Men and strong boys to pick fruit and al-
monds; 2Jto 8 months' work; no experience
needed; $1 a day and found; for Yolo and
Butte counties.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
BLACKSMITH, see boss here. $40; blacksmith,
country shop, $40; man to drive a dump cart,
city, $30 and found; laborers for the woods,
$30 and found, see boss here. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FRY cook, $55: fry cook, $50; broiler, $10 a
week; dishwashers, $5, $6 and $7 a week;
potwasher, country hotel, $25 and found; dish-
washer, mine boarding-house, $30. C. H.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Man handy with tools for ranch,
$28 50 month; 3 sheep herders, $20; 100 teams-
ters and laborers for different places in coun-
try, $2 day: blacksmiths and blacksmith help-
ers; boys and young men for fruit and raisin
packing, long lob; 75 hop pickers, $1 per 100;
drillers, $2 a day, and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook and wife, small country hotel,
. $45; boarding-house cook, country, $45; res-
taurant cooks, $9 and $10; night cook, $3.";
second cook, $35; restaurant and coffee saloon
waiters, $8 and $9 week; dishwashers, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
2 GOOD dishwashers, $30; waiter, city, $40:
hotel waiter, $30; gardeners, $30 and $20; call
and see our list for other Jobs. ANDRE'S,
816 Stockton St. ■ •,
2 WAITERS, $25; kitchen . man, $20; Japanese
house servant, $25, country hotels; bell boy,
city, $15. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgom-
ery st., room 12. . ;
MEN wanted. to learn barber trade In eight
weeks; only institution teaching the tonso-
rial art; constant practice: expert instruction;
• lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, 635 Clay st.
MAN to work on a small ranch, $15. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
TO tailors— quick, general tailor that is
steady can find steady employment at good
■wages; country; married man preferred. Par-
ticulars call at 129 Eddy st.
WANTED^-Butler. Apply to CLAUS SPRECK-
ELS, 327 Market st., between the hours of
10 and 12; references required.
WANTED— Strong boy or young man to work
in bakery. Call 10 a. m. 32 Sixth st.
WANTED — reliable errand boy for mer-
chant tailor. ■ Koom 64, Chronicle building.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138H Eighth at. ■-.
STRONG boy for plumbing shop; some experi-
; ence; references: $3 to begin. Box 3276, Call.
STRONG boy to learn the trade; good oppor-
tunity for -the , right boy. , EXCELSIOR
! GLOVE CO., 413 Market st.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
. $1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station.
on - Valley Road. ,
~~~;: : v HELP WANTED— MaIe. • • _
MURRAY & READY... .....PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
GOVERNMENT WORK .;..........
7 carpenters, free fare, 8 hours' work. ..-$3 day
19 carpenters, different Jobs, $3. $2 50 $2 day
' and found. CARRIAGE PAINTER, ENGIN-
EER, WAGONMAKER. FRUJT PACKERS.
MEN TO MAKE FRUIT BOXES. SAfeH
AND DOOR MAKER, CABINET-MAKERS.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay St.
MARRIED $75. $40. $35, $S0 and found
3 FARMERS and WIVES.. 2 cooks and wives
5 MILKERS and wives. .CARPENTER and
wife. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BIG WAGES HERE
18 laborers (no experience), fare 3,.c $60
12 laborers for a farm (no teaming). 50c
j are __ ,SGO
19 laborers free fare (no experience) $50
64 laborers for mines (no experience), fares
from $1 30, wages $57, $50, $15, $40, $35, with
board, etc ••• •; •• •
14 teamsters, 4 horses, fare $14:. $60
6 teamsters, city work, haul sandstone........
'__, $40 and found
e'saridsVone cutters, DOM here ...$5 day
5 stonemasons, fare paid $3 60 day
drillers, hammermen, S P pass $- 7o day
12 laborers to clean out tunnels, free fare... s6o
6 diamond drillers for mine 5.. ....... 5; 50 day
12 coal miners 16 blockmakers....
29 laborers Manufacturing Co., fare we......
$36 and iounii
Manufarturing Co.. city. s26 and fd
IS4 laborers and teamsters for all Parts of
California including Pan Francisco, $3. $2 50
13, $1 75 day, $40, $35. $30, $26 and found, come
"driver. "light "truck teamster city
Jobs, $25 and found and $10 week. MLKKAI
6 READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. .
WE SHIP YOU FREE FREE FARE
To every railroad In California but one (trie
one we don't ship to Is Coast R. **•). DRILL-
ERS, HEADERMEN, HAMMERSM.N.
PLOW HOLDERS. MUCKERS, LABORERS.
TEAMSTERS, SECTION HANDS, ETC..
WAGES ** DAY
Board and "lodging, $4 50 week. WE SHIP
FREE. MURRAY .5- READY. 634-636 Clay st
STABLEMEN AND HAY BALERS.....
9 stablemen, city and country jobs, $40, S3a.
$30, $25, $20 and found; also. gardeners, private:
15 strong men to bale hay. fare $1. $3 oO day
and found; boy to drive horse for hay press.
fare 90c $35 and found
DAIRY 'AND FARM AND HARVEST HELP
16 milkers, butter makers.... s3o, Iff and found
84 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for all
parts of California. $35, $30, $26, $25, $20 and
found : 27 hay and harvest hands, $2, $1 w,
$125 day and found •••
CHORE MEN AND BOYS ....
45 men and boys for chores on farms, etc.,
factories, manufacturing companies, learn
trades, cash boys, bakeries, elevators and
bells, learn waiting, WASH CANS. $30. $26.
$25 $20, $15. $10 and $8 and found, and by the
DAY and WEEK •• ••••
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
FRUITPICKERS.. S3O and fd.. FRUITPICKERS
34 frultplckers. Banking Co., fare $1...... .
\ $30 and found
63 "fruitpickers, north, special fare.. s3o and fd
49 fruit pickers, south, special fare.. s3o and id
12 men and boys to pick fruit and tules, fare
50 C $35 and found
8 strong boys to pick fruit and seeds, fare
II 25 ... $23 and found
55 fruVtplckers, No. 1 ranch, fare $150
$30 and found
6"fnilVpicker's.'.'.'...fare $170 $30 and found
15 small boys to pick fruits, fare $3 60
$15 and found
"EXPERIENCE REQUIRED: YOU CAN
PICK FRUITS. MURRAY _ READY, 634
and 630 Clay st. ■
WE PAY YOUR FARES .....COME AND SEE
TO 47 SAWMILLS AND WOODS IN CALI-
FORNIA
183 laborers (no experience required) to work
in yards, mills, woods, etc., learn to run
machines, etc., $26 to $40 per month and found
Tallymen, timber pliers, head don-
key men, crosscut sawyers, mill men,
woodsmen, setters for mills, mill
bench hand, wood turners, tree fel-
lers, tlemakers and woodchoppers by
the hundreds, $90, $30. $70. $60, $50. $40,
$30 and found; cord $2. $160, $1 cord;
ties 12c each. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BOILERMAKERS MACHINISTS
3 boilermakers, country Job $3 75 day
2 machinists, city Job $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
U BLACKSMITHS and horseshoers for
ranches, camps, shops, etc., also helpers,
$2 60, $2 day, $50, $40. $35. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
COOKS LAUNDRY HELP BAKERS
39 cooks for hotels, restaurants, camps,
boarding houses, ranches, saloons, govern-
ment and excursion party, $60. $50, $45, $40.
$35 $30 and found: also second and third hand
broilers and SHORT ORDER, and boarding
houses, and NIGHT COOKS
WAITERS OYSTER HOUSES
34 waiters for hotels, restaurants, coffee
houses, boarding houses, mines, camps, gov-
ernment, saloons, etc., $35. $30, $25, $20 and
found
DISHWASHERS
63 dishwashers, potwashers, vegetable men,
kitchen hands, $25. $20, $15 and found
PORTERS ... JANITORS ... SHOEMAKERS
7 LAUNDRYMEN $35, $30, $25 and found
3 second, 4 third hands and boys to learn
bakery business, $35. $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and
INSTITUTION" HELP... "......"..CABIN BOYS
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED operators on coats. S. N.
WOOD, 718 Market st. -
GOOD blacksmith's helper. 4322 Mission «t.,
near Five Mile House.
MAN to cook and do kitchen work at small
restaurant. 1008 Hyde st.
FIRST-CLASS pressman on custom pants. HIM
Kearny st. .
BOY wanted to learn tailoring at 38 Grove st.
BARBER wanted— Evenings or steady, or
Wednesday, Saturday, Sunday. 1703 Devisa-
dero st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Park Hotel, 1830
Halght st.
TEN discharged volunteers; call bet. 11 and 3,
712 Montgomery St. ED LYONS JR.
JEWELERS. 323 Bush St., room 4.
COATMAKERS for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
COATMAKERS on men's coats inside. MET-
ROPOLITAN TAILORING CO., 671 Market.
WANTED— farm hands immediately. Ap-
ply at 1021& Market st. -
GOOD, sober bedmaker wanted; wages $16 and
room. Apply at 664*4 Howard St.
BOY to heMp on milk wagon: German preferred.
1507 Broderlck St., near Sutter.
PENSIONS— H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
BOYS and girls wanted at shoe factory, 103
Mission st. G. M. KUTZ CO.
GOOD barber; steady. 1073 Market St., near
Seventh.
BARBER wanted; steady. 2604 Sutter st.
WANT good barber; pay 60 per cent. 20
Hayes st.
GOOD horseshoer wanted: early. Apply at 1721
Market St., opposite Gough.
WANTED— Boy of .15 or 16 years of age in
Men's Furnishing Store; $3 50 a week. Ad-
dress box 2268, Call office.
COATMAKER on custom coats; steady place;
\also errand boy. 120 Sutter st., room 75.
WANTED— A dishwasher. 1530 Kentucky st. ■ '
WANTED— A good sober dishwasher. Apply
8 Jackson st. ■'-.v*;.-
FIRST-CLASS, respectable barber; wages $12
Address box 3272, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. Apply "at Cali-
fornia Cafe, 17 and 19 Powell st.
BOY In hat factory. Apply after 8, 51 Fifth at.
WANTED— Boy to learn plumbing trade; call
early. 619 Guerrero st.
WANTED— A sober man to feed horses and
care of stable. Apply to J. O'SHEA, Seven-
teenth and Vermont sts. '
WANTED— A tailor. 350 Third st.
BRIGHT boy. in tailor shop; state age refer-
ence, wages expected. Box 1389, Call.'
GOOD outside painter: apply this .morninr
Twenty-fourth st. and Treat aye. /
DISHWASHER wanted; snap. 209 Powell st.
FIRST cook . wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street.
FIRST-CLASS barber. 911% Larkin st.
BOY wanted for drug store. Twenty-first and
Valencia sts. •
ACTIVE man with $150 to take interest with
party in lucrative business in this city lor
past 20 years. Apply at room 2. 917 Market.
WANTED— A man who understands his busi-
ness as deputy organizer for one of the best
fraternal orders in the United States. Call
or address DR. W. M. PARK. 24 Sixth St.,
San Francisco. Cal.: office hours, 10 a. m.
to 2p. m. ; A.; ; '--.
LOANS on valuables made through Wells-Far-
go Express. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
600 MEN-Call to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
n u a l ly n i w ' from sOc to $1 60: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 662 Mission st.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila. Alaska. New York.
\V. LANE. Shipping Agent, 604-606 Davis st.
W . A> i T | : i >^ L fT b . cirerB and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third - st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
----^ HELP WANTED-— Male.
WANTED— to learn plumbing trade; call
early. 519 Guerrero st.
BARBER for couple of weeks: $14 per week;
may be steady. 302 Montgomery aye.
BOYS from 12 to 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend Bta.
WANTED— 2 reliable cooks to take charge of
nood restnii"—* in Nevada: small capital re-
quired. Inquire W. J. BELL, room 247
Golden West Hotel, at 12 o'clock Friday and
Saturday.
-ike care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you: half-soled while waiting, 250 to
60c. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 60 up: sole-
ing. 30c up; heeling, 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st. ■ '• ,
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket St.; free shaving In students department.
SAILORS and ordipary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read, rm.
SINGLE rooms. 15c. 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. S63ft Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Harness maker for general work
for country. 265 Stevenson st. '
V. ANTED— First-class men to work In brick
yard at South San Francisco. San Mateo Co.
CARRIAGE maker: first-class body maker. Bay
View Carriage Factory, San Rafael.
COATMAKER by CHAS. JAEGER, San Ra-
fael. ■ -
EXPERIENCED feeder for Gordon Job pres«e».
16 Fremont st.
WANTED— A first-class upholsterer. 2304 Fill-
more St. >
WILL >■<.: canvass and collect? If so write
box 1254. Call office.
MR. DUNN, the laundryman— Please call at
62 Jackson st.
ELDERLY man for light housework for board
and clothing; references. 122 Howard st.
BOYS from 14 to IS years. Apply at 246 Sutter
st., room 14.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, baggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
-7.1 EL. Veterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODGING For Sale.
ROOMING and boarding-house, full of perma-
nent No. 1 people; 22 rooms well furnished;
sure profit of $100 to $125 a month; ill health
cause of sale; positively cheap at' $1300, but
$1100 takes it: two-thirds cash, balance pay-
ments. J. W. DONNELLY & CO., 632
Market st.
$700—27 ROOMS; all rented; Market st. ; cen-
tral; $400 cash.; bal. time. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTlES~wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE. 3 Eddy St.; new buyers dally.
$300— SNAP; 24-room house; all rented; near
Market st. ;_rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
R. H. WINSTON & CO., 1026 MARKET ST.
28 rooms; rent $50: always full $ 750
47 rooms; cor.; rent $75; snap; see 1t.... 1250
20 rooms; rent $75; north of Market st 450
36 rooms; half cost: snap ;.. 1000
$125— GREAT bargain in small flat: 3 rooms and
bath; fine furniture; nearly new; cozy home;
Larkin st. COAST EXCHANGE CO.. 711
.Market st.
2 GOOD houses, one 16 rooms, one 21 rooms;
will rent furnished or sell on easy payments.
Room 2, 1007^ Market st., near Sixth. ■
SUNNY corner 18-room house for rent; part
furniture for sale or exchange for ranch near
city. 435 Fourth st.
NICELY furnished 10- room house; central lo-
cation; $35 over rent. Address box 3270, Call.
HOWARD, 715— Elegant lodging-house; 200 sun-
ny rooms: Investigate immediately.
HOUSE. 17 rms., nicely fur., nr. Mkt.; all
filled; estate. T. J. KELLEY. 437 Parrott bdg.
HOUSES TO LET.
A M. SPECK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. FLATS.
*654 NatomH.; 9 r $;."> ! 415*4 Baker; 7 r....525
756 Folsom: 7 r.... 21 579 Geary; 6 r....27 50
1109 Shotwell; 6 r. 20 1720 Page; 5 r 24
620 Valencia; C r.. 20 1283 Union; 6 r 22 60
33.'.6 20th; 5 r 13331 Eddy; 4 r 22 50
8012 25th; 5 r 13 1328 Hayes; 6 r 18
315 Jersey; 5 r.... 13 1809 Turk; 6 r 17 50
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery »t.
LAGUNA, 1715 and 1717—2 nice sunny 8-room
houses; newly papered and painted; $30.
TO LET— A house of 5 rooms and bath; rent
low. 316 Laguna st.
TWO fine houses in splendid condition; 3386 and
3392 Twenty-first St., cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms. .
4-ROOM house and barn; water free. 327
Hearst aye., Sunny side.
$35— THREE-STORY bay-window house in good
order, with large yard and stable; 1829 How-
ard st. Apply to the owner, E. ROBINET,
411 ft California st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS. 15 Grant.
HOUSES TO LET Furnished.
FURNITURE of 6-room house for sale cheap;
also house for rent. Address 904 Kearny st.
BIRCH AYE., 5, oft! Larkin — 4 rooms and bath;
nicely furnished
HYPNOTISM.
•
POST graduate hypnotic school-hospital. 325
Ellis; fee with private room, board and
treatment, $15 a week.
LOST AND FOUND.
Masonic emblem, Inlaid with diamonds;
Initials on back; between S. F. and Crockett;
$5 reward. Address MR. JACOBY, 319 Kearny
St., upstairs.
$50 REWARD— Purse lost containing solitaire
diamond pin and 2 solitaire diamond ear-
rings; no questions asked. 476 Geary st.
LOST— Leather case containing pictures, size
15x20, on Front st. yesterday: suitable re-
ward. G. COBLENS, Palace Hotel.
Sunday, in the Mission, small valise
containing tickets of no value to finder. Re-
turn to 235 Ninth st. Reward. ■
LOST— Browrt purse. Seventeenth St., near
Valencia; name on papers. Return to 530^
Valencia Bt. ; keep cash.
LOST— Bunch of keys on Geary st. Reward at
622 Taylor st. ■
LOST— Minx neck fur at Ashby station or
Berkeley train. Notify MRS. STONE, 1074
Dolores st. ; reward.
Sunday, near Alameda, round bottom
center board hunting skiff. Finder please
notify E. M. WINEGAR, 1320 Valencia st.
LOST— cockerel. pup. five months i old;
liberal reward if returned 2025 California st.
MEDICAL.
-^-~ : r
A SURE, safe and epe. J .y cure for all femal«
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and stat«
their case before going elsewhere: they will
find in her a true friend; a home for pattentt
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; hone treatment, $5; no In-
struments nsed; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded "by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510
Eddy st bet. Hyde and Larkin; office hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 ar.i 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only. ;
A TREATMENT that never fails to restort
instantly all caf's of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
fice; $5 positively; no Instruments used; saf«
and sure; cure at any time when others fall;
absolute success and safety guaranteed; trav-
elers helped at once; can return home same
day; save tine and expense by consulting
first the on! reliable ladies' physician of
long and successful practice; confidential ad-
vice free. MKS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason aid Taylor. Office hours, 9 a, m.
to sp. m., 7to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 4.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safa and sure; relief guaranteed
at any tin:* when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly and can return home the
same day no instruments used; cure at of-
fice, $5; h»me in confinement; skillful medical
attention all can save time • and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. JJRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde aid Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to I
p. m. Sundays, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
■ : ; — -
' ■ : ' I - -
MRS. DX. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
: Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure f->r all female complaints; private home
j in confinement; every comfort: infants adopt-
ed; best of care and medical attention: in-
stant relief for travelers • all those who are
sick )r discouraged should call: they will find
a trie friend and adviser; consult free; self-
cure; $'>; can be used at home. :.-;, ...
ALL female complaints cured in 24 hours; well
kncwn, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no instruments: consultation free. confidential;
hone treatments. MRS. A__EN.22BVanNeM.MEDICAL.
ALL ladles C only Dr. and Mrs". M. Davies,
true friends of Invalids, men and women;
HO years' practice; safe and quick eui cuar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity: dlset;ic<»
avoided; kind sympathy and aid. sure relief.
t!iotifih "Ise f.V' delicncv privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted: travelers treated: no de-
lay: eeM-cure sent, cal! or ...... tree; confi-
dential. MP.S. M. ■ 'IKS. 122S Market St.,
plUs«, $1: very rtr.-r.s, ?2.
Import a XT'— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman . ■■• own physician: no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: safe; call on ;i Dhyslcian with men's
kn<vwl*dce: cure. ?.'; restores in tie day and
prevents diserace: .an be sent: consultation
free; ladies' phvslciafl. practice 27 year?.
DR. POPPER. 31^ Kearny st.
A— DR. G. V,'. O" DO SWELL. worM-renowne<l
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Pr. O'Donnell
has treated successfully more enses of Irreg-
ularities than any other physician: never
i"n!ls to cure; consult him first, save time and
money; treatment can i- used at home: con-
sultation free; rail or write. 1023U Market st.
PR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Ohir.°se tea
an.l herb sanitarium, 764-766 r!ay St., San
Francisco: i\l! diseases curoil exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
clvice- froe; hours, H:3O to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
ami 7 to 9 d. m.
La PIES: — Chlchester's Knellsh Pennyroyal
P!!ts are the h"st: safe, able: take no
otht-r: sen.l 4c statr.ps for partic ars. "Relief
for Lmsi«." In ■■■•.■■■ mail: at drug-
gists! Chlchester Chemical CX. Phllada.. Pa
ALPEAtTS French pills. .1 boon t.-> ladles with
female troubles; no dnnKor; sate cure: $2 .'io;
ext>rfvse<l C. O. P.; d'-n't delay until toi> late.
QSGOOD BROS., Coast Aeents, Oakland, Cal.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA, 213*4 Mason ?:. —
Private home in confinement: ladles' frieni
in trouble; terms reas. ; call an I be convinced.
NICE private home in confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city; Infants nfiopted.
_MRS. M. PFEIFFER, midwife. 2012 Folsom.
PRIVATE home in confinement, lv Herman
midwife: Infant adopted into {rood hoinrs;
mi. for invalid. 521 Eddy, phone Hyde 2553.
DC PRAEtP Fen.nle Repulatinsr Pills; «;i?e and
efficient emmenacogue; $1 per box. RI<'H-
ARDS &- CO., druccist*. 4Cf> Oay, sole agents.
PR. and Mrs. Wise. 111J Market— lnstant relief
for monthly troubles or money ba<?k: $5 up.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: pleasant sunny homo
in confinement. 156 Second st. : tel. Green 52.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jewelry,
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
PR. WONG* HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. I." v■- ■; -•
MIXES AM) MINING.
Jl'iCO— One-sixteenth Interest In valuable gold I
mine: mnn^ to erf-ct mill. 137 Beale Ft., 11 j
to 12 ,1 m.. 4 tn ' p. m. j
gr] i:i.l. %M:ol « — For Sale.
•■ -. -.^^. -^.^ <- ------- *- - . '• - — - - - ........
BOILER?, engines, .hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLFMAX, 195-197 Freir.cnt si.
CHOKE canaries for -ale, $1 50 a piece; fine
ylnpers. 722 Hayes st.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine: good order:
complete. 1?15 Mission St.. near Fifteenth. ;
BARS, back tare, mirrors. Fhowoases, c^un- ;
t*r« linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second- j
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1O1&-1O21-10-3 Mis- •
Eion St.. above Sixth. j
BAI'.S counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors, I
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st. I
BAY windows and s'.ntrle seat* to r^nt during
the procession. HOTEL FAIRMOCNT. 1714 j
Market st. j
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as j
r.ew; ch»ap for cash or installments. THE j
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO.. CSS Market St.
WINDOWS for rent for the parad*- Ml and j
87] Market, opposite the Baldwin.
PL'RE illttiiled water Ice. $3 a. per ton car- i
leads f. o b. ; ft fcr less: sack packing and '
csrtare extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
Ire Co.. 420 Eighth it., S. F.
PESKS office and card tables; desks exchanged, I
repaired: furniture bought. 244 Stockton *t.
ENGINES for n-tomr-biles: carriages, separate I
parts furn. "Dynamic Eng. Co.. 1309 Mission. J
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24 j
In. gas ensine; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
SAFKS-New and tecond hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
1 3-H P. Golden Gate _a« fine: perfect order:
. complete: must sell. EPSTEIN, 64S Mission.
A— s3 '0 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pjpu-
lar Price Hatter«. 320 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINK suit js":i: pants. {-TiT ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR. 513 Montgomery.
BOIT.KRS and engines, second hand; also wine
maklnif mach'y. Krogb Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st
ri'-HAND er.glnes. boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos: bought, sold. H. S. WHITE. SIC Mission.
\l"l"!?— trgalns in new and second-hand ail
«i?*.«- half original cost. 109-111 Market. 3. F
i;u.am:oi wants.
WANTED— To hire. 100 nrst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead tars: long Job. E. B.
ST<".NE." Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole: If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will j
pay tt and carry the loan a.« long as you de-
sire- avoid red tape and publicity; see us firnt:
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LOA-S'S on furniture of pianos In 8. F.. Oak-
land or Aiameda at . lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st.. abovt
Sixth telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 64 per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2.1 mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
]nv. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain -liberal advances on diamonds and leiv-
rtry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. Ut Market st.: telephone Main 1644.
AN** amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONKLLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndomer. MORRFT.L. 609 Examiner bid*.
AT Nevada Loan Of flee. 214 Grant aye.
loaned on diamonds. Jewelry -and clothing.
150 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission : private. LICK. 116 McAllister -t.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOrSLEY. 832 Parrott bd«.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
MUSICAL. I.\STHU3IK>TS.
V^_!^we^are seillng _->od upright pianos for $8
cash and »6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method.- prices are the
?ame as If purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good l xiOs r fo. $3. UCO
15 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealer*, corner Kearny and Sutler
its.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland-
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHL.KB & ' HA * ; S.
K. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos organs an
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy: nrices •°. we ' t f : every-
thing possible do.:e to please and catisfy the
customer. -
AKtaimutin-W Si >lnway upright sacrificed.
• ullding. Fourth and Market.
GOOD" piano 1-n storage on sale cheap for cash.
WTT.PON-SPTORAGE^ITIO Market st.
a'nxTmbEß or good second-hand upright! for
..Ml- rheap at MAUVAIS". .CM Market st. ■
A DECKER & SON. .the plan,, IS you uVJNI*j
bf-nuMful .r.ew i^t.vie. MAI'- AIS . <6. Maj^Ke^
A* BARGAIN - Stein way i; P/'S ht , "^"P-
?C}"MITZ'. 16 '>Alllst.r. next Hib»rnli Bank^
A^ssH ri-T'KU'.HT piano In fine condition: » I*9
the fgrnouiHornung Bros. 216 McAlllst.r H.
CHEAf Stein way upright: also th« famous
Honiunc Urns.' piano,. 216 McAllister st.
[A— UPRIGHTS, J6J up; Installmente. $S 7S up.
rents. t2 uo (aVowfd on sale) Hem". !■>■■ Eiii^
WiHMEi:. Byron iJauzy and otuer j.-lanoii. 3M
Post st. ■ .
WANTED— 2 Squnre Plnnos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans.. BYRON MAUZY, tOt Port «t.
\V G -BADGEH 41S Sacramento St.. agent for
FrancN Bacon "and Hallett & Davl3 pi ■• 1
KSXBE pianos: text scale: new styles. KOH-
LER ft CHASE. SO O'Farreil tt.
EUPERIOR violins 7.lth»rs. M and new H.
•MVT.T.T'R, maker, repairer. 2 Latham pl^re.
OFFICES AMI STOKES— To Lei.
EMMA- SPRE<"KELS r.LDG.. 527 Market St.
• -. : - ornpps $12 -0 to $20.
Light, hen\ janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON ft GARDINER. room^lO^ _
$11— STORE, three sunny rooms and cellar.
100S Natomn Bt., nenr Eleventh.
TO-LET— Office, tlrst floor. 1032 Market st.,
opp. -'■"ifth. ' _
t-TORE suitable for drug, dry goods cr any
other business; ?30. SW. cor. Pacific «nd
Leavenworth i-ts. UMBSEK. 14 Montgomery.
STORE to let suitable for barber shop, etc.
Inquire 621 California st.
FOR rent— Store, 881% Howard Ft.: Just th«
place for barber shop or restaurant. CRIM
A CO., lIS Montgomery st
PALMISTRY.
MMi:. .NEEKGAAHD, pupil of Count St. Ger- ■
main. 616 Geary ft., above Jones; classes; !
office hours. 1 to S p. m. : rending by mall. $1.
PERSONALS.
J. W. PTAHL please communicate with MRS. !
R. M. REESE, 207 Montgomery aye., S. F. ■
T H. S.— .Send address to this office. A. J., !
box 3275. Call office.
WINDOWS to rent on Market st. for viewing
parade. Apply room 10, 1 Fifth st. j
v. \RY— I get my handsome cape at the Eastern
Outfitting Co 130«J Stockton Ft., near Broad-
way There you- can get most anything In
that' line on easy payments. 7 j
T. BRILLIANT, MS-MO Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
JOHNJLTIBOOXE, Patent Trademark
•Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Bend for Circular _ Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT cf Imported and domestic rem-
' n ' an!s for suits to order. $10 75; pants. $3 75: :
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market st.. under St Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hot,-' 44 Third ft., near Market; 700 rooms; :
Ssc 10 !1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; |
free 'bur and r.agpaEgJ.o and from the ferry.
HAIR dressing is a high art whicli LEDERER
has studied to perfection; 25c only; fine wln-
<!nw 'rtisplav of switches this week, fine ones I
$1: extra fine $2 50. 123 Stockton st. i
LEDEKER'S I QL'INTOXICA li the hair tonic'
that you can d.-r*" 1 * 1 upon: no evil results :
from Its use; 35c bottle. 123 Stockton St. j
RTTTI'HF piles- cured; examination free. |
Drs Mansfield & Porterfield. S3S Market St. j
LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low Interext: i
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant
NEWi cure for Rheumatism. MRS. DR. HOP-
' KINS. iWi Market st.. office 2.
SCHOOL! children and Mexican sombrero look
nice together. Mexican? Art, 114 Stockton st.
GOODJtallor-made suits at reasonable prices i
lv F SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny st.
A— L SPIES' tailor-made suits to order at ]
\y£\ fisrures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome St..
MM** 1 " LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed ,
from O'Farrell to 122 Eddy st.
JTTVpsr a EORENSEN,' watchmaker and Jew- ,
e!er "removed 10 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOsHI TAXI. 313 butter st.
RI'PTURF stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin.6l4 Plne.ab.Krny.
A— Ladies'i or gnats' clothing, furniture bought. I
sold; tel. Mint 1-37. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st. |
«VTTS to order on easy installments. L. i
LEW 1117 Market st . bet. 7th and Bth.
W "\NTFD- -Old gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. (■ OTarrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SL'RUEO.\S.
DR OLIVE (JRUVER, free treatment daily, 10
a m. and 12 m. 1206 Market st., room 6.
• i; C C O'DONNELL. office and residence.
102114 Market pt.. bet. Sixth and Seventh
REAL ESTATE — CITY — For Sale.
EXECUTOR'S sale of real estate, subject to
confirmation by the Superior Court of the
City and t'nunty of San Francisco.
South side of Bash st., 110 feet westerly
from the westerly line of Polk st., ."Sxl2o feet,
through to Fern aye.. together with improve- '
ments Nos. 1411. 1413 and 1115 Bush st.
Bids' may be made to EDWARD R. ROCK, j
executor. 327 Market St.. up to Sept. 3. 1898.
Terms cash In United States gold coin.
TWO BARGAINS
"SKOO flown, balance fame as rent; 7 and 9 !
room h'-uses; every room sunny; well built :
an up to date: Carl st., near Stanyati: blue
cars Eildy-Ft. line, pass the door; Halght-et.
cars' transfer at Masonic aye.; owner on
premises.
NEW HOMES •-.. '
Five, 6, 7. 9 an' 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4800: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
gON. Builder.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
wrst of First ay?.. and you wrist) to tell them, j
call on W. J. Gl/NN. 410 Montgomery .•
SIX elegant modern flats: all rented: SE. cor. j
- Pacramcr.to and Scott; cheap. J. H. CARSE,
-• Montgomery st. .
PIXLET st.— Lot $600: biff snap: near Union
st. THE MCCARTHY CO.; C 46 Market st.
ji;i>%_XK^\- house 9 rooms and bath. SPECK,
667 Market St.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market St.: popular prices.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUENA VISTA aye., 449 'Ashbury Heights)—
Six elegant furnished rooms, with (-table.
FIFTH. 151 I furnished connecting, $13; 2, $12;
single. $:.. large room, double bed, $7.
FOLSOM. 523— Parlor suite; 3 rooms completely
furnished for housekpg.: single or en suite.
FOURTH. 435— Housekeeping rooms furnished
or unfurnished. ; j
GEARY. 1917 — nice unfurnished rooms; bath; '
toilet; gas; yard: basement. ,
HICKORY aye., 181— 3 furnished rooms for i
housekeeping at $13 per month. ■ j
HOWARD, 701. corner Third— Nice sunny fur-
nished rooms, suites; also rooms for house- |
keeping; reasonable; trnnfient.
HOWARD. -2— Large front room, complete for
housekeeping. |2; single. $1. I
HOWARD. ?€7— Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms.
HOWARD, 1130U— Sunny bay-window suite: |
newly furnished; light housekeeping; other |
rooms. . |
HOWARD. 1324—2 large sunny rooms; furnished
complete for housekeeping.
IVANHOE, 1002 Polk. cor. Qeary— Light, clean. '
tunny; fur. hkpg. suites (2 to 5 r.). $13 up. ret.
JESSIE, 449. bet. Mint aye. and Sixth St.—
Double and single rooms; also housekeeping. j
LEWIS, 18. off Taylor— Four unfurnished sunny
rooms; gas; bay-window, $15: two rooms. $8. ■
MISSION, '•*' 3 nice rooms for housekeeping;
front room, bedroom and kitchen, complete.
OLD pold. diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought:
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.ioGrant.
POLK, 1827— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; private family; low rent.
SIXTH, 136— Rooms for light housekeeping; also
other rooms; visitors solicited.
iT JAMES, Laguna and McAllister — Choicest, i
sunniest In city; low rates; furnished or not.
BUTTER, 1111, nr. 1-a.rkln— Comfortably furn.
single suites ; also h«kpir : terms reasonable.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms; $1 25 and
_jn 50.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Elegant sunny upper
floor; 3 rooms and bath; other rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 518— Sunny rooms for light
housekeeping; gas range.
WEBSTER, 813— First floor: four large sunny
rooms for housekeeping: no children. ;
ROOMS TO LET Fnrn. and Isfarn. ;
BRUNSWICK House, 1« Sixth— Rooms,
Ssc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AbUOTSsFOKD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk
yuiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite; charts moderate: cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service^ elevator; '
bath: rooms. 50c to $1 50 day. MRf. J. KINO. ]
AT 14A Geary— Large sunny front suite; also
single rooms: cheap.
AT New Grand. 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rmi.,
l£c to $1 day; SOc to $4 wk: also housekeeping.
AT n Second— Nice single; doubl" and light
housekeeping rooms. $1 to $3 per week.
AT J» Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms. ; transient.
BOHEMIA, .'' Post Sunny corner suits and;
single rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen and ,
families; elevator; special rates to traveling ;
men. ;
BURNETT. 142 C Market fold No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished nns.. suites, clngle; also unfurnished.
CAR*ROLTON. ::■■'• Market, cor. Golden Gat«
aye. corner: well furn. rms. A ofilres.
CLEMENTINA, 172. east of Third— front
sunny rooms; upstairs.
ED DY 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
room's, from ?1 hi a week up. j
EDDY 614— Small sunny rooms, clean and
quiet, bath, gas, private family: $6 and $8.
ELLIS ClS— New and elegantly furnished i
'rooms; en suite or single. ._ |
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkln — Sunny furnished
room: mantel and bath. '
FERNWELL House,47 Post-New managrenVnt:
all rms refurnished: suit-* and single; baths. .
FOURTH 222% (Palm us-)- First-class sun- j
ny bay-window rooms; also single. $1 2a up |
GEART 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and j
" suites." $2 per week up; very desirable.
DEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
• rooms: traveler, accommodated. MRS. HYER,
GEARi', 2237. Cottage, 2 rooms; rent $5.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22, 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — and I'nfnrn. j
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor Seventh and |
Mission Ets.— Sunny. rooms, en suite or single; j
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
GREEN. 415— 4 rooms and cellar, $8. j
GREEN. 417— Nicely furnished large front
room. $6 month; also 1 room $4 per- month.
HANCOCK House-. 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 7S4U. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 week up.
HAWTHORNE. 172, bet. Second and Third, nr.
Harrison— Pleasant sunny room; private
house; reasonable.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter. nr. Stockton—
Sunny suites, single rms. ; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. ?29— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
LAKKIN. So4— Sunny back bedroom and kitch-
en furnished; yard; $9; double room fur.. $7.
LEAVENWORTH, 1121. nr. Sacramento— Nicely
furnished alcove front room; also others.
MINNA, 371 — Large sunny basement room;
American family; water, .stove, closets.
MINNA, 436— Large, very sunny, furnished
front room, suitable for gentleman; rent *6.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth-- Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MARKET. 1085, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; rtne sunny suites and single rooms.
MASON, nil-Large nicely furnished parlors;
gas.
N ATOM A. 44514— Runny front room, furnished;
rent $4 per month.
'•NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market—
bay-win, rms. and single. $5 up: also hskpg.
NINTH. 86— For rent, newly furnished back
parlor, light and airy, running water, $9 per
month; also single room. $6 per month.
OAK, 336—1 furnished and 3 large unfurnished
rooms; very convenient.
O'FARR'ELL. — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 208 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms by the day, week or month.
POLK, IC3:>— Pleasant room; board optional;
with every home comfort: private family.
POWELL. 612 A— Large sunny front rooms; new
flat, newly furnished: suitable for gentlemen.
RINCON place. 28, off Harrison, bet. First and \
Second— Room, fireplace; use of kitchen, bath-
room and washroom; yard; lady or man and
wife; no children.
ROYAL House, 126 Elils St.— lncandescent
light, reading room. smoking room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
■week, $2 to $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.: baths. !
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.. j
neat Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SEVENTH. Nicely furnished sunny rooms, j
suites or single; rent reasonable.
SIXTH. 83. nr. Market, IlTlTsdale House— Ele-
pant furnished rooms; elevator; transient.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE Oliver. 965 Folsom. cor. 6th— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt. I
THIRD. 10«%, rear Mission— Seattle— !
eunny rooms. $1 25 to $8.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES. S
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, »old:
machine supplies. 145 Sixth: phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- j
palrimr «t lowest rates 205 Fourth- st. ■•-'"- !
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3". wnitoned. $1 up; i
painting done. Hartman Faint Co., 319 3d St. |
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; (
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND "WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission: goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25. :
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, «01 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOUR elegant new up-to-date 2-story houses
of 7. S and S rooms and bath each; flrstclass j
neighborhood: near school and stations; street
work all complete; from $3000 to $40^0; only '
$'.00 cash and $25 and $30 per month: great bar-
gains; cheap lots for cash and house* to let ;
In all parts of Alameda.
$2200— Lot 5Cx150; $200 cash and $20 per month; :
fine, nearly new cottage; In a good neighbor- ;
hood: near High School and station.
$2500— Lot 35x115, with elegant residence of 8 !
rooms; In fine condition; macadamized street:
near station and school; great bargain; worth;
$3500; any terms: same as rent.
$2600— Lot 40x207:6: fine, new, modern 6-room
cottage; neat High School and station; $500 cash
and Jis per month.
$1000— Lot 25x125; cottage of 5 rooms; street
work complete; near station; easy te*ms.
$1600— Lot 33:4x105: with a fine modern cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath: nice garden: street I
work all done; near station and school; $100 j
cash, balance $20 per month.
S2CC — cash, balance $25 per month; lot •
40x150, with new up-to-date cottage of 7 rooms j
and bath: between broad and narrow gauge on !
Morton «t.
$3250 -$5OO cash. $25 per month: less than
rent: lot 40x150: elegant new 2-story. 8 rooms
and bath, on Morton st., near Morton-st. sta- i
tion: best bargain in Alameda; elegant resi-
dence*, on Santa Clara aye. and Central aye.
at a bargain.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO..
1432 Park .st... Alameda.
ABOUT finished, modern S-room house, choic-
est location; also modern cottage 6 rooms;
lots 50x350: easy terms. Apply 151S Mozart
st.. Mastlck station.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME fcr ladle* In delicate health; larr*
rfi;nd«- nrivnte. MRS PR FTTN'KK. HIS <th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY* REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE, right in the heart of town.
30 ACRES,
Within 10 minutes of university grounds; 8
minutes from railroad station; lovely view.
Apply to
J. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
ELEGANT new 10-room house; lot 50x160;
walking distance of University of California. j
Berkeley; also three new houses, just started. i
M. L. WURTS.
Seventeenth and Broadway, Oakland.
HILLEGASS TRACT.
WITHIN R MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
6 MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property In Alameda
County.
. Apply to JOSEPH X MASON,
. Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
FRUITY A L ADVERTISEMENTS
FRIITVALE REAL -jTATE.
LARGE level lot*. $400; only $25 down; street
work done; sewers, water, gas, fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland;
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 5c |
fare; glorious climate; build a home to suit j
yourself: easy payments: no city taxes. SYN- ]
DICATE INVESTMENT CO., Frultvale sta.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT!
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$10 CASH, $6 monthly for a fine chicken run; i
50x256 deep; price $190: more land adjacent |
may be had cheap; all level; excellent soil; I
good drainage and lovely view; no fogs nor
cold winds; a family can live In a tent here
and enjoy every hour; near electric car line
and grand boulevard; not far from a mode!
schoolhouse; Westall Tract. In the lovely val- |
ley of Frultvale, adjoining East Oakland. Call
or send for circular, 455 Seventh St., Oakland;
carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$10,000— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway. Oakland. v>'.:
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS. '
SUNNY bay-window suite; kitchen, front
housekeeping suites; also unfurnished. 715 !
■:i(--hth st . Oakland. j
OAKLAND KCR.iITURE FOR' SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th»
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 98 (fifty j
cents per share) of the Oceanic Steamship ;
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company. 827 Market st., on and after Fri-
day, September 1. 1899. Transfer books will
close on Saturday. August 26. 1899. at 12
o'clock m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must hi handed j
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HINDS— In Alameda. August 17, 1899, to the
wife of 11. H. Hinds, a son.
RADOVICH— In this city, August 21, 1599, to
the wife of M. V. Radovich, a son.
REED— In this city, August 17, 1539, to the
wife of Th 'mas Reed, a daughter.
~ ~ MARRIED.
CARONTE— PECK— In this city, August 21,
1899 by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Charles C.
Caronte and Katharine B. Peck. ,
PHILLIPS— LYONS— In this city. August 16,
1899, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Samuel A. ;
Phillips and Rosabella F. Lyons.
POLCKON— this city. August 20.!
1899, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, • August !
Polckon and Helena Holzr.
SMITH— MOULTON— In Oakland. August 21.
IS -. by the Rev. T. I). Butler. David C.
Smith Jr. of San Francisco and Alice Moul-
ton of Oakland. -
~~ DIED.
Barthold. Mas Jones. William S.
Blinn. Edltha M. Kelly. Mary E.
Borella. Angelo . Krumbeck, Dledrich
Campbell, Elizabeth McCarthy. Bridget
Connolly. William P. McGee, Mary -
Coryell. Dr. John R. Moldenhauer, Walter
Dally. Mary A. Muhlenhaupt, Fred-
Doherty, Richard crick
Doolin, James Perry, James W.
Faher. Elsie M. Rlley, Mary G.
Farro, Joseph Sheehan. Alice M.
Fields. Arthur M. Spargo, Mamie
Galvln. Daniel Symonds, Henry S.
Green, Edmond Toohl«, John
Higglns, James H. Weeks, William H.
Howard, Mrs. liana
BARTHOLD— city, August 19. 1899, Max,
dearly beloved husband of l>«.r.ithea Barthold.
father of Emma. Alma and Minnie Barthold.
brother of Albert. Adolph and Herrman Bar-
thold. Mrs. A. Hildebrand And Minna Bar-
thold. son-in-law of Mrs. D. Mashoff, and
brother-in-law of George Thoming, Mrs. J.
Klarmann. Mrs. H. ICock. Mrs. M. Fuhs,
Mrs. C. Kinder and Mrs. C. Marks, a native 1
of Ueckermunde, Province Pommern, Ger-
many, aged 44 years 1 month and 10 days.
A member of Memorial Lodge No. 174, A. O.
U. W., Norddeutscher Verein and Gambrinus
Verein.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2515 Nineteenth street, near Bryant,
thence to Shlels Hall, 32 O'Farrell street.
where funeral services will be held, commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery.
BLINN— Ia Chicago. 111., August 50. 1599,
Edltha M. Blinn, mother of Charles H. Blinn. |
ai,-eil SO years.
BORRELA— San Rafael. August 21. 1599, I
Angelo, beloved husband of Louisa Borrela, i
and father of Louisa, Anteline and Walter ■
H irrela, a native of Switzerland, aged 68
years and 4 months. ,
IC?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
CAMPBELL— In this city, August 20, 1599.
Elizabeth Campbell, a native of Ireland, aged
79 years. ■•'.■], V
CONNOLLY— In this city. August 21. 1599. Wil- ,
liam Patrick, beloved son of James J. and '
Mary Connolly, a native of San Francisco, !
aged 7 months and 7 days.
IC7"The funeral will take place to-morrow :
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence !
of the parents, 2705 Mariposa street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CORYELL— In this city. August 20. 1599, Dr.
John R., beloved husband of Zoe Belleau
Coryell, and father of Mrs. M. R. Krlgbaum
and Joseph. John and Eva Coryell. a native (
of Zanesvllle, Ohio, aged 76 years 8 months ,
and 20 days. -v
ETTriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
at 3 o'clock, at his late residence, 3201 Pa-
cific avenue, coiner of Central avenue. In-
terment private.
DAILY- In this city. August 20, 109, Mary
Angelus. beloved wife of Joseph I. Daily, 1
mother of Irene and Merven Dally, sister of !
Mrs. T. McCall, and daughter of the late
Mary Dawson, a native of Sen Francisco,
aged 29 years.
DOHERTY In this city, August 21. 1599. Rich-
ard, beloved husband of Mary Doherty, and '
father of Richard, Annie and Sarah Doherty,
Mary Adams and Mrs. Charles demons, a i
native of Matin, County Donegal, Ireland, :
used £5 years.
DOOLIN In this city. August 21. 1899, James, j
beloved husband of the late Isabella Doolin, •
and father of Edward and Bella Doolin and
Mrs J. D. Little, a native of Ireland, aged '
63 years.
CZTFrlends and acquaintances and members ,
of Harmony Lodge No. 9. A. O. V. W.. are
respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from
the parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van Ness
avenue, thence to St. Joseph's church. Tenth
street, where a requiem mass will be cele- .
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
FA HER- In this city. August 20. 1599. Elsie
Marie, dearly beloved and only child of Herr-
man and Lottie Faber. a native of San Fran- ,
cisco, aged 9 years 2 months and 3 days.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents, 106>4 Turk street, between Taylor '
and Jones. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FIELDS— In Alameda. August 20. 1599 Arthur
MarcellUS, son of James L. and Frances A.
Fields, aged 15 years 2 months and 25 days.
(Cs"Funeral services will be held this dny
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at 2141 Clinton ave-
nue, Alameda.
FARRO— In this city. August 20. 1599. Joseph,
beloved husband of Bernarda Farro, and
father of Mrs. Daviler and Manuel, Frank ,
and the late Francis Farro. a native of Por- j
tugal, aged 6S years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), it 10:30 o'clock, from his late resi- ■
dence. 1321 Montgomery street, thence to the |
Church of Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe, !
where services will be held. Interment Holy 1
Cross Cemetery.
GALVIN- In this city. August 21. 1*99, Daniel,
beloved son of the late Jeremiah and Bridget
Galvln. and brother of James and Margaret
Galvln, a native of San Francisco, aged 25 j
years.
GREEN— In this city, August 21. 1899. Edmond.
beloved husband of Anna Maria Green, and
father of E. F. Green and Mrs. E. M. Perlne,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 7C years 10
months and 22 days.
[ETFriends and acquaintances are respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi- ,
dence. 2115 Baker street. Interment private. ,
HIGGINS— In this city, August 20, 1899. James
H husband of Lizzie Hlggins. a native of
Manchester. England, aged 45 years 10 months
and 26 days. (Lowell, Mass., papers please
copy. )
K7Friende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ■
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of McGinn Bros., 31 E'ldy street, thence
to St Mary's Cathedral, where services will,
be celebrated for the repose of his soul. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOWARD— In this city. Mrs. Hana Frances
Howard, mother of Minnie WendorfT. and j
wife of the late, W. G. Howard, a native of j
Brooklyn. N. V . aged 61 years 8 months and
11 days.
£7" Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day:
(Tuesday), at I o'clock, from the residence, j
7 Clyde street.
JONES— In San Mateo, Cal., August 21. 1899.
William SHiinders .Tone*, beloved .brother of
Arthur S. Jones, and nephew of W. A. Jones, I
a native of Swansea, Wales, aged 30 years and ,
S months. I.';. '. r ".'x'"i'Vr
C7"Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day) at 12:30 o'clock, at St. Peter's Episco-
pal Church, corner Stockton and Filbert
streets thence to Masonic Temple, where
service's will be held, under the auspices of
Excelsior Lodee No. 166. F. and A. M. T. *;
KELLY— In this city. August 13, 1599, Mary
Elizabeth. Infant daughter of William J. and
Emma C. Kelly.
KRUMBECK— In this city, August 20, 1899, j
Dledrlch beloved husband of the late Anna I
Krumbeck, and father of Mrs. G. W. Love
and Henry and Lena Krumbeck. a native of
Bederkesa. Germany, aged 65 years 1 month
and 20 days. (Brooklyn, N. V., papers please j
copy.) ' ,
[ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow i
(Wednesday), nt 2 o'clock, from his late
residence 337 1 - Twelfth street, between Fol-
eom and Harrison. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
McCARTHT-In this city. August 21, 1899. !
Bridget, beloved wife of the late Thomas Mc- I
Carthy and mother of Nellie, Annie and j
Thomas McCarthy, a native of Boston, Mass., j
aged 32 years 6 months and 6 days. (Boston j
papers please copy.) .. .
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect- !
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 4"7' v Harrison street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a. solemn requiem j
high mass will be celebrated fir the repose of |
her BOWI commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
-1 ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGEE— In this city. August 21, 1899, Mary, be-
loved wife of John McGee, and mother of
Thomas J. McGee, a native of County Mayo,
Ireland.
MOLDENHAUER— In this city, August 21,
1899, Walter, youngest and dearly beloved, son ;
of Henry C. and Louisa Moldenhauer, and :
brother of Ernest. Emma, Fred. August and i
Willie Moldenhauer, a native . of San Lean-
dro aged 5 years and 3 months.
MUHLENHAUPT— In Oakland, August 20, 18»9,
at the residence of his niece. Mrs. 12. Held,
489 Orchard street. Frederick Muhlenhaupt.
a native of Prussia, Germany, aged 86 years
3 months and 1* days.
C7'The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), in Yolo, Cal.. from the residence
of Mrs Vlckroy, at 2 o'clock. Interment at
Yolo, Cal. . .
PERRY— In this city. August 17. 1599. James
HfiNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
• (Successor* to Flanagan & Gallagher). ■
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
10 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln Reboot.
Telephone South 80. (
W., beloved husband of Ida Perry, and father
of Amy Perry, a native of Boston, aged 52
years. |
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the interment from
the vault of Laurel Hill Cemetery. Funeral
services were held at S^S Market street. Sun-
day. August 0, IR9?, at 2 o'clock, under the
auspices of Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5, K. of V
On account of Coroner Hill neglecting to sign
the death r-ert'ficate interment will be held
this day < Tuesday), at 2 o'clock.
RILEY— In this city. August 20, 1899. Mary
Gertrude, youngest daughter of Jane- and t re-
late Michael Riley, a native of Snn Kran-
cteco.
(CTThe funeral will take r>lace this day
CTuesday). at >:30 a clock, from her late resi-
dence, 211S Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Corromeo Church, where a solemn re-
quiem hiuh mass will be celebrated for the
n-pose of her soul, commencing nt 1" o'clock.
Interment private in Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. .
SHTCEHAJC-In this city. August 21. ISP!>. Alice
M.. beloved wife of j. J. Sheehan. and sister
of Mrs. Thomas Meyers, a native of Carthage.
N. V.. aged 31 years G months and f. days.
SYMONDS-In this city. August 20. lSf-9. Henry
S. Symonds of Point Arena, Cal., a native of
Germany, aged 60 years.
TOOIIIG-- In this city, at the Potrero. August
21. 1899, John, beloved husband of Kate Too-
hlg. tather of Frank Toohig, and brother of
Dennis Toohisr. a native of Ireland, aged 4 <!
years.
(£7"Frif>nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral fo-fnorrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
drnc*-, 1139 Tennr?pee street. P trero, thence
to St. Teresa's Church, where a requiem high
mass win he celebrated for thr repose of his
soul, at !>:3O o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SPARGO (nee SHEA)— In this city. August 19.
IS I .*, M?mie, dearly beloved wife of John
Spnrso, mother of Aloysius Spargo. daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Denis Shea, and sister of
]>an. John and Lizzie Shea, a native of New
York, asjed 2!) years 2 months and 26 days.
CFrlends and acquaintances are rospecf-
fuJlj invited to attend the funeral thi^ '..-iy
• Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
donce. Jefferson Hotel, Harbor View, thence
to St Sebastian Chapel. Presidio, where a
solemn reouiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her aoul, eommenetne at 9:30
O'clock, thence to Mount Calvary Comrtrry.
WEEKS— In this city, August *>, X", William
H. 'WVeks, a native of Maine, aged 6'j years
S months and 19 days.
CTFriends and acrjuaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this <1«y
CTu<v--day), nt 10 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapef of the Golden Gate T'ndertakine <"om-
rany. 2121 Mission Jtrf-et, near Twenty-first.
[ntennent Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Mrs Reed, San Jose E L Davidson. S Rosa
L A Bailey. L Angeles D J Ellis. Modesto
D .1 Healey. Petaluma [8 Hext. Los Gat is
J Sherden. Petaluma |G Herman & v, Fseno
C M Ryder. Saclo J L Smith, New York
8 Chandler, Fresno F Powers, Chicago
P L Crane. Newman C Maxwell, L Angeles
F Ritchie, Stockton J D ROM, Chico
J J West & w. Spokane! J Hogan, San Jose
PALACE HOTEL,.
I. Blum, Texas L M Davis, London
M A Key**, N V Mrs .1 Gratto, Los Ang
Mrs M A Keycs. NYD S Cone, 'a!
C R Rushy. Mo Mrs D S Cone, Cal
A Kaiser, Stockton A H Snow, Ind
T F Menvujh, Alaska 'Mrs A H Snow, Ind
H B Woods San Jose A S Crower, Cal
A SchlU'.n?, OiUclpnd Miss M C Wilson, 111
C M Hunror, Cal Miss B M Eaton. 111
F Hill Denver .Prof Copeland, Cal
S ,J DUloi Chicago IJ A Dubbs. Pa
Mr Barft & w,«bhatig- E W Runyon. Cal
ha I .1 \v Piper, Boston
Miss Moran. < - il I D Williams. Nev
Mis M Morar.. Cal Mrs I D Williams. Nev
H T Gage, Sa.^o Mrs E F Stoddard, O
A A Gatmle, NY E T Hart, Mass
N Gassic. N V W I Ellis. c a l
A A Mayer. N V Miss Stoddard. Ohio
C M Wooster, B Jose W M Petrie. Pacto
W E Guerln. Seattle Mrs W M Petrie, Cal
J L Dovey, Seattle J II James, Chicago
T A Mainwarlng, • Eng
• GRAND HOTEL.
G A Wolff. Albion .1 Poundstone & w. Cal
F H Poston, Wash Mrs T P Robb, Cal
C II WeAng. N V Mrs 0 .1 Strati. N V
J F Laragon. Cal Mr? II v. Mitchell. Cal
H H Hurler. Redding Mrs .1 M Lakeman.Cal
J F Cowan. Salt Lakr'Miss C G Alexander.
C G Brnner, Fre«no ' Newark
M Ropharo, Fresno IT E Brown, Cal
E C Creller, Grass V G Turner. Modesto
W Easdale, Oakland Miss L M Zapp. Ohio
J Laeomarsino. Cal Mrs M Guiaca & d,Ca!
F M Barring. USA Miss E Smith. Cal
B Carroll, Cal (Mrs A Bradshaw. Cal
S Maner. Los Angeles '•! F Sheehan Jr. Cal
F T Johnson, Sacto E W Boxton. Cal
O F Melster. Sacto Phillip Buxton. Cal
A D Thomas. Oakland F 8 Stanley & w. CaJ
H T Sullivan. Oakland Rea & w. San 3
T E Dwyer, Oakland F M Barney. USA
W R Fisher, Stockton Mr* Castle & c. C B l
R W Fisher, Stockton lMlfs Castle. Merced
J W Fisher. Stockton Mr? M Phillips. Cal
R P Monroe, Stockton C R Rush Kan iV"
W Dlnsmore. Marysv C A Cross. W Superior
J C Campbell. Marysv W Lotham. Col
Mrs R White & c. Col H N F.arle. Stockton
Miss L Hughes. N M Stella V Henkey. Cal
Mrs F Fenn, Boise John Arnold. Boston
F J Zehandelaar. Cal E C Pa^e. Salt Lak«
C .' Kubach A fam, Cal J F Deendorf. San J
N Wimse, Cal • IN B Coy, Colo Spgs
J Q White, Cal Miss G M Clayton. 11l
L P Swift, Fresno Mrs F H Robinson. 11l
Mr & Mrs Duychinck, D W Durchard. San J
Riverside F M Nye. Willows
Mrs J C Tibbetts, 111 J W Wood. Pasadena
Mrs E E Evans, W|b J M Beel. Orvllle
Miss E Eldorke. Em- D B Drom. Cal
porla Dr D E Roberts. Cal
S Sanderson & w.Mas=9 J S Davenport. R Bluff
Mrs C E Hastings. F C Snider. Sacto
Detroit J W Atherton, Nev
Master Hastings. Mich Wm I' Kenny. Phils.
H R Coate, Petaluma II E S Potter. Nev
G B Baer, Cloverdale F R Brewer & w. Cal
M Wool* NY OH Warring. N T
L Kahner N T Geo Mathlnson, Cal
M Diepentrod. Sacto Mrs McKinley. B C
Mrs Smith, Vancouver Miss L M Parsons. Cal
W M Wonting;, Stkton'W D Buckley & w
■ ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Percy and Emllle L. Beamish to Robert X.
Carson lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
22:6 X of Lombard street, N 35 by E 100; $10.
Annie and Gertrude (or Minnie) O. Cosgrove
to Henry and Katie M. Heesemann. lot on
S line of Beach street, 77:0 \V of Broderick,
W 60 by S 137:6; $10. ■
Fred Wlttram (by Murray F. \andall, com
missioner) to German Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on SW corner of California and Mid
dle streets, B W:6 by w 36: $6918.
Margaret tie la Fontaine to Joseph de la
Fontaine lot on B line of Xoe street, 91 S of
Clipper, S 23 by E SO; $10.
Gu.«tave and Emelle Berson and G. Howard
Thompson to Bank of California, undivided
one-half interest In lot on X line of Post street,
68:9 E of Larkln, E 68:9 by N 137:«: also lot on
E line of Mission street, 157 S of Twentieth.
5 28 by E 122:6; also property. outside of county,
release of certain Indebtedness; .
Estate "William N. Meeks (by Constance A.
Meeks and Blanche T. Heath, executrixes) to
Henry E. Bothln, lot on XW line of Minna
street 97:6 SW of Jane, being 444 XE of Third,
SW 23 by XW SO; $2000.
Constance A. Meeks and Blanche T. Heath
to same, same; $10.
Alice Colleton to Mary J. Cassldy and Kate
Marshall (trustees of James A. Colleton}. lot
on XW line of Bryant street, 220 SW of Third,
SW 25 by XW SO. trust deed; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Margaret
M Bowhay, lot on E line of Twenty-second
avenue, 150 X of Lake street, X 50, E 120, S
25. E 120, S 25, W 240;- $lO.
Alameda County.
Peter and Esther T. Xorburg to Pacific States
Savings, Loan and Building Company, surren
der <Jf 636 d 349, lot on SW corner of Felton
and Herzog streets. W 160, 8 145.65. E 163.72.
X 110.SS, to beginning, being lots 10 to 13, block
1' Hcrzog Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland; $1.
"f A McNally to Charles Ashton. lots 2 to
8 block t> all of block C on Map of Tuohy*s
Second Addition to Berkeley, OakLand Town
-6 Rebecca Wurts (wife of M. L.) to Annie
Carleton (wife of S.). lot 12. block 175. on
Map of Subdivision lots 12, 13, 14 and portion
of lot . 11, Corrected Map Snyder Homestead
Tract. Berkeley; $10.'
Adolph Ludemann to Hermine Ludemann, lot
A. block 28, Alameda Park Homestead. Ala
meda; gift. ' -
Jesus Oliveira to Aurora Sanchez (wife of
Antonio), all Interest in lot 7, block D, J. A.
Neal's Revised Plan. Town 'of Pleasanton,
Murray Township: 140. ■-".;_ ■■■■_
Mountain View Cemetery Association to John
Thompson, lot 50. in* plat S, Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $?«.
Rosa M. Shattuck to Sarah Lynch, lot on
SE' corner of Grove and Addison streets, S
60 by E 126. being portion lots 1, 2 and 3. on
Map of Subdivision Block 1, Shattuck Tract,
Beikrley; $10.
Same to William F. Curran, lot on E line
of Grove street. M S of Addison, S 45 by E 125,
being a portion of lots 1, 2 and I, on Map of
Subdivision Block 1, Shattuck Tract, Berkeley;
Mary E Summer* to Elizabeth P. Under
wood lot on X line of Grove street (formerly
Sherman) 203.60 S of Cedar. S 50. E 145.23. X
50 W to beginning, being lot 20, block B.
Eureka Homestead, Berkeley: 510
Henry' and .Louisa Michaels to Miranda W.
Lewis 'lot on X line of Central avenue (since
widened to 80 feet), 115 W of Grand street,
W 75 N 207:6. E 40, S 57:6. E 35. S 150, to
beginning, being block 6. lands adjacent to
Encinal. Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
George E. Dow (owner) with S. Gllletti Sys
tem Company (contractors), architect H. B.
Mages— Concrete foundation, walls, piers,
floors, etc.. for a live-story brick building on
8 line of Natoma street, 50 E of SE corner of
N'atoma and First, thence E 100 by S 105, with
annex 20 by 80 feet westerly; $4971.
Same owner with Thomas Butler (contractor),
architect same— Brick work for main building
and annex. 20 by EO, for same on same; $10,125.
Same owner with F. H. Mason (contractor),
architect same— Carpenter and mill work for
same on same; $8623. -»
Herbst Estate Company (owner) with H. H.
Larson & Bros, (contractors), architect E. J.
Vogel — Brick work, pressed brick and granite
work ' for a four-story brick bunding on W
line of Macon street. 42:6 X of Turk, X 20 by
W 75: $4800.
Same owner with Patterson & Persson (con
tractors), architect Carpenter work,
plastering. iron work, steel, tinning, galvanized
iron, hardware, painting, glass, ' staircase for
same on same; $620)
NO DANCER OF
A REVOLUTION
IN GAY PARIS
Dreyfus' Adherents
Not of That Class.
CONVICTION SEEMS LIKELY
FRENCH ARMY OFFICERS WILL
UPHOLD THEIR FELLOWS.
Raphael Weill Speaks of Matters in
the Capital of France and Tells
How Exposition Affairs
Are Progressing.
Ex-Oongrofsmnn Thomas Clunie and
Raphael Weill, clubman and boa vivant,
returned to the city yesterday from an
extended visit to Paris. They had an ex
cellent time, particularly Mr. Clunle. to
whom life in the gay French capita; was
something of a novelty, as he was :,
the manner born as was his jolly travei
ing companion.
When spoken to yesterday In regard to
the famous Dreyfus trial Mr. Weill said:
"The matter can be no longer r< gavded as
a trial. It has assumed the proportions
of a cause. And. let me tell you, the in
terest It is exciting throughout the entire
world is hnrdly lees than that which is
manifested in F*ariH itself. It Is in Paris
and a few of the larger cities that all the
greatest feeling is manifested, and in
thi=f> places it has reached a boiling
point. In the country districts it is
not so apparent. While every Frenchman,
whether he be peasant or peer, tiller of
the soil or broker in merchandise, is, of
course, deeply concerned In ti;^ outcome
of the most sensational case that France
has experienced for years, yet it is in the
big towns that the partisan feeling runs
highest.
"While, in my opinion, Dreyfus is inno
cent beyond the shadow of a doubt, yet 1
think it highly improbable that he will
be acquitted. There is a great deal of
esprit de corps in the French army, and it
is more than likely that the officers now
trying the unfortunate man will not place
the stigma on their fellow officers which
would most certainly rest there were they
to undo what the former tribunal has al
ready done.
"Of course they may attempt to ease
the matter down by finding some mitigat
ing circumstances' which will rail for a
far lighter sentence than the first one.
But still I think that the judgment as a
whole will be much the same as the for
mer one. , .
"Should this be the case it will result in
no revolution. A popular demonstration
of disapproval may ensue, and it may be
attended with some violence and blood
shed- but it will be nothing whi<-h the au
thorities cannot easily handle and Dut
down before any great harm is done. Th?
imperialists, royalists and others who are
continually making disturbances and at
tempting to overthrow the existing order
of things are not of the party who will
take to heart and be affected by the con
viction of Dreyfus. Moreover, the pres
ent French Cabinet has been chosen from
the representative men of all parties, and
as a consequence is very popular and one
which it would be far from easy to upset.
"Preparations for the great Paris ex
position are going merrily on. The expo
sition will not be as large in area as the
one held in Chicago, but it will far sur
pass that magnificent show in the splen
dor of its exhibits. One feature which
will be new and interesting will be the
architecture of the buildings. In Chicago
the buildings, while handsome in the ex
treme were merely representations of
what has been. In Paris the endeavor
will be to represent as far as possible in
the construction of not only the buildings
hut in' everything else as well, what is to
rome. This idea will be followed out as
far a> practicable in the material em
ployed as well as in the style uf the de
signs." _
THEY TESTIFIED IN
RULOFSON'S FAVOR
WITNESSES WHO KNEW THAT
HE WAS ADOPTED.
Captain George E. Korts and W. B.
Isaacs Appear in the Fight for
Captain Winslow G. Hall's
Estate.
The hearing of the suit brought by A.
C. Rulofson against the estate of Captain
Winslow G. Hall to recover the property
left by the old sea captain as his adopted
son was resumed yesterday morning be
fore Superior Jud.ee Belcher.
The testimony of Captain George E.
Korts. an old friend of Captain Hall, was
to the effect thiit he knew of the adop
tion of the plaintiff by the old captain
and had often heard Hall speak of it. The
witness when cross examined by Attor
ney Van Ness could not be made to
change his et'>ry in any particular. The
next witness was W. B. Isaacs, who tes
tified that at the time of the alleged
adoption he was employed by the Rus
sell-Irwin Manufacturing Company, of
which firm young Rulofson was also an
employe. That one day an elderly gentle
man came into the store and spoke to
j W Stow, president of the company and
stepfather of young Rulofson. During
the conversation, part of which witness
heard the name of Ruiorson was men
tioned and when the conversation was
over and the gentleman had departed.
witness asked Mr. Stow who he was and
Mr. Stow replied that it was Rulof son's
father.
Witness remembered the circumstance
on account of its singularity, for while he
had been told that the man was Rulof
son's father he knew It was not Rulof-
When afked if Mr. Stow had told him
that it was Captain Hall, witness replied.
■•Ho did not." Witness also testified that
he knew Rulofson by sight.
The case was continued until to-day.
To Sell Catholic Literature.
The Christian Press Association Pub
lishing Company, which is composed of
1000 Catholic priests of the United States,
and which has been in existence in New
York for a number of years, has opened
a branch store at 301-8)8 Larkln street, on
the corner <>f Fulton, where a complete
line of Catholic books and church fur
nlshlngs is on sale.
The company, which is approver! by the
apostolic delegation, has a capital of J150,
--000 and has for its object the spread of
Christian literature and sale <>f church
goods and religious articles, paying spe
cial attention to school book? for paro
chial schools, convents and colleges.
©.••••••••3r3Br^r^r3BT?sa sa^ J^ ?5535r3^38"35r35-* ••••••••
{^^ GIVE OUR BOYS A *^.>
1 ...4 th OF JULY WELCOME,,.;
g^ ; ' : — — _ a
IZIP-BOOM-AH!i
g — I — : ' : : -3
> California Fireworks for California Boys ! |
! CALiFORNIA FIREWORKS CO., ]
?^AC& 219 FRONT STREET. ' ~*
% Open Sunday «nd Evenings. X^^^k f
jrS ■ ' . * ' ' t2i
#•*•*****»■»•»•»•»■ P» » *» * *»■»■»■»•»■ ••••••••©
FARMERS SUFFER
FROM A SUDDEN
JUMP IN ROPE
Increase in Price Cuts
Profits.
WILL USE A WIRE MATERIAL
INNOVATION IN BALING WILL
SOON BE ESTABLISHED.
Grain Merchants of This City Recom
mend the New Binding as It
Saves Expense and Is
More Practical.
■v f -.-■-■ ■ ■
Judging from the present attitude of the
farmers throughout the State the day of
hay rope has passed and wire v. ill be the
material used for binding hay in stacks.
The reason of it is the sudden increase in
the price of rope which, combined with
the minimum selling price of hay, has re
duced the profits of the farmer to the
lowest possible figure./
The only manufacturer of hay hope in
; this vicinity Is the Tubbs Cordage Com
pany. The price on hay rope has sud
denly jumped to 13c a pound on lots of
less than 10.000 pounds. Labor in the
country has increased in value and the
marketable price of hay has decreased
very nearly one-half on the figures or
last" year. "The combination of all these
I conditions works many hardships on the
farmers who raise and sell hay for a
livelihood. To augment their ills the sud
den jump in the price of rope comes as
the last straw which they will not pack.
In the East, wire is the material al
j most exclusively used in the binding of
[ hay. The cost of hay rope for a ton of
hay is approximately figured at 65 cents,
and for wire 45! • cents, making a saving
of 20 cents on every ton. This results in.
a saving of at least one-third in the bal
ing.
For a long time the farmers in this
State have been undetermined whether
or not they should attempt the innova
tion and follow Eastern agriculturists
in their methods of baling. The grain
merchants in this city are advising the
producers to use the cheaper article ana
it is very likely that wire will find its
: way into all the hay farms of California
i in the very near future.
Joseph Magner of Scott & Magner,
i grain merchants at 615 Sixth street, said
yesterday: .■'■■■
"This sudden rise in the price of hay
! rope will work great financial injury upon
i the farmers all over the State and will
! drive them to the use of wire. With
i freight rates at the same figure, increased
charges for farm labor and the bedrock
j selling price of hay, I do not see what the
producer can do."
Frank Somers of th* firm of Burners &
Co. has lately returned to this coast
' from the East, where he has made a
study of hay baling. .■ /. •
"Wire is used in the East." he said yes
! terday, "and it is more <*atisfaclory a;.d
1 cheaper than any other material, I sh*il
| advise the farmers to <se it here for
their own material benefit."
»_.._.
COURT NOTES
The case, of Mrs. Mary Parry, charged
with the murder of Frank Parry, her hus
band, was called in Judge Graham's court
yesterday, but on the representation of
her attorney, George S. Knight, that she
was sick a continuance was granted till
next Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
.Michael Curran, ISI Third street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Graham's court
yesterday for the arrest of Thomas Carr,
proprietor of a bakery at Second and Na
toma streets, on the charge of battery.
1 Curran is employed in Carr's bakery, and
on Sunday evening they had a dispute
and Carr seized a hatchet and struck
Curran over the hand and on .the leg with
Mrs. Belinda Mullane, who lives on Pa
cific avenue, near Polk street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Graham's court yes
terday for the . arrest of Mrs. Wesson,
Polk street, near Union, on a charge of
battery. Mrs. Mullane alleges that Mrs.
Wesson on Saturday took her 9-year-old
girl into her yard and after beating her
I feet the dog on her and she was badly
! bitten. v ' v ■":';.-
The charges of fast driving and refus-
I ing to stop against Deputy Coroner J. J.
Flannagan preferred by Policeman Farley
were dismissed by Judge Conlan yester
day, as it was shown that Flannagan was.
driving fast to obtain a witness for the
Franey inquest and he had the same privi
' leges as a patrol wagon.
William T. Denning, clerk in the Stew
j art House, charged with assault with a
deadly weapon by M. J. Barry, brother
j of the bailiff in Judge Mogan's court, ap
! peared before Judge Conlan yesterday,
and the case was dismissed on the motion
: of the prosecution, with the consent of
the complaining witness.
William McXamara. the sign painter
who stole a diamond pin on Sunday after
noon from G. 11. Wolfe while he was
' leaving the baseball grounds at Eighth
1 and Harrison streets, was instructed and
arraigned by Judge Mogan yesterday on
the charge of grand larceny and the case
was continued till to-morrow.
; Gust;!'.--' Brandt, 213 Tehama street, and
! his wife. Mary, fought from Saturday
night till Sunday night about $8, and when
the policemen entered the place looked
as if it had been struck by a cyclone.
Brandt complained that his wife had cut
him with a pair of scissors. They were
charged before Judge Mogan yesterday
with disturbing the peace and were con-
I victed and ordered to appear for sen
! no- to-day.
The case of Corporal Thomas McGuirk
charged with assault with a deadly wea
pon on George Mudgett. -clerk in May
' hew's drugstore on Fourth street, by cut
ting his neck with a razor, will likely be
dismissed. Yesterday Mudgett appeared
in court and said that he would not proa
-1 ecute the case. The Judge continued the
case till to-morrow, when it wijl" be dis
posed of.
! The action arising over the bequest 01
$100,000 made by Mrs. Annie L. Donahue
for the purpose of founding a library at
St. Ignatius College, but which was re
fused by the directors of that college and
! is now sought for by Archbishop Riordan
i for the purposf^of founding a library in
j dependent of the college. Judge Garber
, argued on behalf of the heirs y«Bterday,
! and to-day Judge Hayne will conclude the
argument on behalf of the Archbishop.
Julie Combatalade filed suit yesterday
against Ann Towns. Mary A. and John
Mugge to recover $10,000 damages for ma
licious prosecution. The plaintiff, who
keeps a lodging-house at Kearny and Pine
street.-, was arrested on May 10 for em-
I bezzlement on a warrant sworn to by the
i defendants. She was dismissed by Judge
Mogan, and now claims that her arrest
was the result of malice.
The will of John Cadden. who died July
23. leaving an estate valued at $7000, has
: been filed for probate. Kate Fitzgerald,
! a sister, is named as sole legatee.
1112
NO HITCH IN RECEPTION ARRANGEMENTS
DESPITE THE PIQUE OF THE GOVERNOR
Declares He Is Entirely Out of
the Bay Parade*
Arranges to Review the Boys AH by Himself
When They March on the Dock
From the Transport.
J J riIEREAS, On July 31, 1599, the Hon. Henry T.
yy Gage, Governor of this State, was requested by
this board, in view of th-e patriotic services rendered
by the First California Volunteer Regiment, to declare the day
the troops land in this city and county on their return from Ma
nila to be a legal Jwliday; and
Whereas, Xo information as to the intention of the Gov
ernor has been communicated to this board in response thereto;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That his Honor, the Mayor, be and he is hereby
empowered to authorize the closing of all the public offices, as far
as practicable, on the day that the California volunteer troops
land from the transport Sherman en route to the Presidio mili
tary reservation, to enable the officers and employes of this mu
nicipality to participate with their fellow citizens in the welcome
to be accorded the volunteers in appreciation of their patriotic
services.
GOVERNOR GAGE is still the dog
in the manger as far as the plans
are concerned for the reception of
the returning California Volun
■ era. At present the only thing
that there Is a flea on his tail,
1 he is following in a delirious circle.
If some kind friend would only put one in
V he might go around the other way
f< r awhile.
Nobody seems to know where the Gnv-
Nobody seems to care very
much, aft'-r the asinine outbreak of "Me
First" Seamahs. It Is certain that the
•,v. will not take part in
(Tidal bay demonstration, although
a little one by "his lone
lies:" It Is "equally certain that he will
,rt in the day or the night par
he is willing to accept the
•'-.! for him by the committee,
W j tn . cc to the office, if not
to the holder.
Indications were not lacking early yes
morning that the Governor Intend
w the bad break made the day
"Me First" Seamans and In
liciously and to as great an ex
sslble with the arrangements
by. the citizens for the reception of
>rnians. With the Quixotic ad
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I ..6662., I
| : Sold in California This m \
I ■ " Ssason< m '
BICVtLES
I $40. 1 '
i-THOS. H. B. VARNEY, I
Market and 10th Sts..S.F. j|| '
1 Open Wed. and Sat. £H !
Evenings. jpS '
i
Good Tea
More You Drink
More You Want
At :
Great American Importing; Tea Co.
Big Presents Free
• ' STORES EVERYWHERE.
100 STOKES.
i
**CJ ' Yr^Jaß, O^A vLk. ' JM Hnt Sf^^hk.
■ fl 1 In JL
\4 Bk ja P^jl n&*v Sol EtW E& R™ff% RJ
000000000000000000
©*» FA LACE Wo
%GRAND tiSSMULI
_ • SAN FRANCISCO. " !
Connected by a covered pasßafeway. " i
3 1400 Rooms— 9OO v, h Bath Attached. ® i
O All Under One Management. Q
Q NOTE THE PRICES: O
' O European Plan.*l.OO per day and upward O
« American I>ian.sH.«>O per day and upward A
v* • Correspondence Solicited. V
O JOHN 0. KIBKFAXBIOE. Kanagtr. O
0006060 00 000000000
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
Li a Great Kestorativs, lnvigorator and Ner-
vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bells on Its own Merita.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
123 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
jutant general he drove in a hark from
the Palace Hotel to the office of the Har
bor Commissioners, where he met Major
Harney and Rudolph Herold. .He de
manded from them for his personal use
In the buy parade the State tug Gover
nor Markham. They explained to him
that the tug had been turned over to
Commodore Spreckela for use In the
naval parade. Gage stuck to his demand
and left, with the understanding that the
Commissioners would see to it.
Messrs. Harney and Herold called upon
Commodore Spreckels and wajited to
know if it could not be arranged so that
he could release the Markham. saying
the Governor insisted on It, even though
he might not want to go in the parade.
Commodore Spreckels replied that the
Markham had been given him officially by
the Commissioners; that he had devoted a
■ deal of time, had worked day and
night arranging the programme for the
parade, and did not propose, ai this time,
that It should be interfered with. He
said he would not release the Markham
unless the Harbor Commissioners would
secure for him a vessel of equal capacity
with the Markham to tow the yacht Ag"
i::'\ which the Governor had refused to
tow provided he went In the parade.
The Commissioners then called upon
Captain Henry Glass, the commandant at
Goat [Bland, and he said he could arrange
it so the committee would have the tug
Vigilant, which is a better boal than the
Markham. < m these conditions Commo
dore Spreckela released the Markham.
The Vigilant will take the place of the
Markham In the naval parade and will
tow the .Aggie. The Markham is now out
of the parade, and if the Governor goes
on her he Will parade by himself, and
"Me First," perhaps. If the Governor
docs not decide upon this plan the tug
will be tied up.
After leaving the office of the Hnrhor
Commissioners t he gubernatorial oarcy
was next heard of through the telephone.
It was evidently in bad temper. The t»itl
zens' executive committee felt it first. The
members had barely settled in sessioi
Mayor Phelan's office when the telephone
bell rang and the one answering Bald S< .>•
mans was at the other <-nd.
"Invite him up," came in chorus from
every member. Mayor Phelan reached
his phone, prepared to extend the invita
tion, hut his breath froze in the receiver.
The conversation, as repeated by the
Mayor, was like this:
" 'Hello, general; this is Die Mayor. The
citizens' executive committee is now In
session and would very much like you to
come—'
"' Sir! T have a faint recollection of say-
Ing to you yesterday thai the Governor
would tak^ part in the naval parade In
his tug, the Governor Markham. T>ii«
morning his Excellent y advises mo that
he has decided not to participate in that
way.'
" 'Hut. general, how about the parade
arrangements? 1
" 'That is all, sir; good-hy.' " and bring
went the telephone on the "Me First" end
of the line.
That settled the naval part of it, but
still left the parade end open. Marshal
L. • '. Plstolesi took action late in the day
to close that by issuing the following:
GENERAL ORDER NO. 3.
SAX FRANCISCO, Auc. :i. 1899
The Governor of the State of California and
staff aro hereby requested to participate
mounted in the night parade given In honoi
. f our returning volunteers from Manila. No
carriages will be furnished to any official
Federal, State or municipal.
1-. C. PISTOLESI, Grand Marshal.
He followed this up during the after
noon with the following letter:
SAN FRANCISCO. Auc 21. 1599.
To His Excellency, Henry T Gage, <;>vernor
of the State of California Dear Sir- In
response to youra dated August 15, 1899 1 will
respectfully ptate that I have this 2lHt day
Of August, I*''' 1 . i.«su.'ri an order that the Gov
ernor of the State of California and his staff
participate in the oarade mounted, mid that no
carriages are to be provided for any Federal
State or municipal official.
Should v i- j conclude to parade, mounted,
your position in line will 1»> left entirely to wm.
Voutß respectfully, I/. C. PISTOIdSSI,
Grand Marshal.
I>ater (he following was given out by
the executive:
Executive Department, State of California
Sai ramento.
SAN FRANCISCO August 21, 1899.
Adjutant General W. 11. Seamans— sir*
Everything has been arranged, ?o far as the
State Is concerned, for a suitable welcome to
the gallant California volunteers upon their
return from the Philippine Inlands, and these
arrangements, so far as I know, will nnt in
terfere with the plans of any of the local com
mittees.
The Htate programme is complete in rtself.
and can be carried out in conjunction with the
plans of zithers, as the fondltions may deter
mine. The plans of the State may In pome re
/GOKS
IN
THREE
MBNUTES
1 -. _
m ask "Tfc^^^^ralr^^
tB JBHflfl mJ ■ \ I rhtag HgfflH
■ Ml fi I B^ 3wK fflnl
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, AUGUST 22. 1899.
sports be modified if the committees making
arrangements for the reception of the volun
teers make their desires In this regard known
to me in season to permit of such modification.
I shall be at the Palace Hotel until after the
recaption is over, and will be glad to grant
any assistance possible. I am anxious to do
everything in my power to contribute to the
proper celebration of the great event. You
are well aware, however, that 1 have, as the
Chief Executive of the State, certain Stat
duties to discharge in the premises, which will
be performed. I am Fatlsfled that by proper
conference with the gentlemen in authority
all plans may be made harmonious. You will.
as adjutant-general, carry out these purposes
as directed by me, and communicate my In
structions to Major General John H. Dickin
son, N. G. C. Respectfully.
' HENRY T. GAGE.
Grand Marshal Pistolesi has not heard
from the Governor and does not know
whether the executive Is afoot or ahorse
back. General Seamans got a quick move
on. however, and communicated the order
Indicated in Gape's letter to Major Gen
eral Dickinson, who immediately did what
he was expected to do order the National
Guard out to do honor to the returning
volunteers. In transmitting this infor
mation General Seamana was more fortu
nate than he seems to have been in con
veying the offer of General Shatter to
furnish mounts for the Governor and his
staff. At least the Governor says so.
You can believe either you choose. In a
letter to Marshal Pistoles!, under date
of August IS, the Governor wrote:
L'nder a separate cover I have received a
communication dated August 15, 1899. from you,
as grand marshal, wherein you express on be
half of the parade committee a request that
I should participate with my staff mounted in
the procession. It will be impossible to com
ply with your request in this particular, as
the adjutant-general informs me that he can
not procure suitable mounts for the staff.
The general uncertainty as to the "at
ness" of the Governor was shared last
night by the San Francisco legislative
delegation. It met last night at the office
Of Assemblyman Cobb In the I'arrott
tmilding to discuss the proposition of go
inK to sea on the Santa Rosa to meet the
returning troops, but found after a very
little talk that they were already there.
figuratively speakinj;. Governor Gage is
responsible. He ha« accepted and rejected
and reaccepted and declined so many in
vitations to accompany the legislators
that they do not exactly know where they
are "at."' They spent several hours last
night trying to locate themselves, and
wound up by appointing a committee to
call on the Governor and find out If his
last communication to them wan a decli
nation or an acceptance of their invita
tion and attempt to exact a promise from
him not to change his plans during the
Assemblyman Cobb called the meeting
to order and H. Porter Ashe acted as Bec
retary. Senator M. w. Miller of thr recep
tion committee reported that he had tele
graphed the following invitation to the
Statr officers and members of the Legis
"You are respectfully Invited to become
the guest of the San Francisco delegation
of the State legislature and participate
In extending a welcome to our returning
soldiers. Answer. Headquarters, Lick
i louse."
.Acceptances had been received from the
Lieutenant Governor, Secretary of State,
Controller, Treasurer and many legisla
tors.
Mr. Miller stated that the Governor had
told him that he had made other arrange
ments and could not join the lawmakers
on the Santa Rosa.
"He is coming with us, all right."' said
a member. "I saw him to-day and he
said that he had chanced his plans and
would be with us."
Some one wanted to know who else had
been invited, and Mr. Miller replied that
among others were the members of the
citizens' executive committee. This did I
not please Assemblyman E. D. Sullivan.
He claimed that the committee had of
fered an insult to the executive and that
as Mr. Gage accepted their invitation to
accompany them on the Santa Rosa It ]
would be small courtesy to him to bring i
along the men who had not shown him
the proper respect. Another member
mggested that It was by no means certain
that the Governor was going with them,
and Mr. Miller reaffirmed that he had de
clined the invitation.
Sig Bettman suggested that if they could
WATCH THE DOME OF THE CALL BUILDING.
Wjr EEP your eye on the dome of the tallest structure in town. If
I^^ you do so, you will know exactly when the transport Sher
man has reached the homestretch and is about to enter the harbor.
Immediately after the ship is sighted by the Merchants' Exchange
The Call will send up from the dome of its building a box kite, the
same as used by the United States Weather Sureau. Attached to
this kite will be a sixteen-foot flag, which will be sent to a point
300 feet above the dome, thus making it 615 feet from the ground.
This will be of sufficient height to be seen not only by the resi
dents of San Francisco, but also by those of the neighboring towns.
Every one will thus have the promptest kind of notification, and
can make his or her preparations accordingly for participating in
the welcome to "the boys." Be sure to keep your eye on the dome.
"We Don't Want to Play in Your Yard,
We Don't Like You Any More."
crawl out of the invitation to the execu
tive committee with good grace it would
be the wisest plan.
The legislative delegation has estab
lished head<iuarters during the celebra
tion at the Lick House. General Seamans
and Major General Dickinson visited the
rooms yesterday, and the former, claim
ing to be authorized by the Ciovernor, in
vitad the San Francisco delegation to
participate In Mr. Gage's private recep
tion to the volunteers. According to the
executive's plan, as presented by General
Seamans. the troops will be met at the
Folsom street wharf at 7 O'clock in the
morning. The Governor will extend the
Gage glad hand and then take a hack
and drive to the Palace Hotel, where he
request* that the le>rislators meet him
later. Some time during the day he and
General Seamans are going to have n
p;ir.-idp. and he wants the lawmakers to
bo in It.
NAVAL PARADE AND
NIGHT ON THE BAY
The night demonstration, officially des
ignated as "A Night on 'Frisco Bay."
will ho the grandest marine display that
has ever been witnessed in this harbor,
and the first impression which the return
ing California volunteers will receive of
what has been done to welcome them
should be a pleasurable one. Everybody
along the water front Is Interested in the
proposed demonstration, and the State
harbor officials and shipping men are
working lik<- beavers to Insure the com
plete success of the affair.
Tickets for bay reception are sell
ing rapidly. The Harbor Commis
sioners have been forced to secure
more boats and have added to their
RECEPTION FUND PASSES
THE HIGH WATER MARK.
AT the close of business yesterday the books of the executive council of
the reception finance committee showed subscriptions to date of $52,
--766 90 Of this the' Chinese Six Companies, which :ire really eight,
turned in more than $.=IOOO. Two of the companies turned in checks yes
terday attrregatlng $2900, the Sam Tup Company's being for Slfioo and the
Nine Young Company's for $1300. Chairman de Young announced his
intention of h-ivine the presidents of the Six Companies added to the recep
«on commltteJ^ The subscriptions received yesterday amounted to $4709 30.
list the large and commodious
steamer Pride of the River. Tickets
are on sale at newspaper offices,
Sherman, Clay & Co. and Emporium.
Tickets on all boats are limited to
one-half of the carrying capacity,
thus insuring safety and comfort of
passengers. Buy your tickets now.
The harbor officials have Issued an urg
ent request to all the shipmasters in the
bay to illuminate their ships on the.night
the Sherman arrives, with the Californ a
boys aboard. Many of the British ship
captains have responded, and it _".«-
Dected that every vessel in port will ■ be.
Covered with lanterns on that occasion.
Captains who do not know whore to pro-,
cure Chinese lanterns should call upon
Chief Wharfinger Percy Henderson, who
will give them all the assistance in his
power. ' .' ■ , ■- i
Captain Rae of the Springburn expects
to make a finer, showing than any. vessel
in port. Every mast and yard will be out
lined with Chinese lanterns , and • ;• strings
of them will run around the bulwarks.
A bear flag will fly : from- the fore, the
Stars and Stripes from the main and the
British flag from the m •■Some? of
the other captains say they will outdo
Captain Rae. so the spectacle on , the
night the boys pot home should be a
magnificent one.
'I wenty-flve hundred Japanese lanterns
and as many small American flags will bo
hung on the ends of the sheds of ten
Wharves. All thy deep-water ships in the
harbor will be similarly decorated, and
will be supplied with material upon appli
cation.
The chief wharfinger's office has been
literally covered with palms and ever
greens. An immense American flag and
bear Hag will he hoisted on the building
j just as soon as the Sherman is sighted.
| In this connection Chairman Dryden of
I the committee on noise has been directed
by the citizens' committee to get the first
sight of the transport at the earliest pos
! sible moment by any and all means he
! may command.
The pilot-boat America, with Captains
j Jordan, Murphy and Tyson, went out yes
! terday to await the arrival of the Sher
! man. There were also three Custom-house
; officers on board who will examine the
ba^KHKe and get everything ready for
landing.
LIGHTS GLEAM ON
DOME AND TOWERS
The citizens' decoration committee had
an opportunity last night to judge of the
effect of the electrical display which they
have provided on the City Hall dome and
ferry depot tower. The current was turned
on at the City Hall aboutß:3oo'clock. large
crowds being gathered on the surrounding
streets. The burning out of a fuse de
layed the illumination, but in a short time
it whs replaced and the lights were found
to work beautifully, although they were
not turned on for any length of time, as
the committee was even then due at the
ferry building.
Total to date, 852,766 90.
When the lights were turned on at the
f>'ir\ , shortly before ]0 o'clock, the effect,
in a double sense, was electrical. The
crowds that had gathered on East street
let up one grea-t yell, which was repeated
and carried uptown, causing everybody
on Market' street to turn to he rewarded
by a sight of the most beautiful night
spectacle ever produced in the city.
And that's only one end of it. No won
der the decoration committee works, and
small wonder it should be proud of its
efforts.
Everybody has seen Herrmann and other
prestidigitators produce ihree kinds of
wine from the same bottle, but it has re
mained for the citizens' decoration com
mittee to make palm leaves, Christmas
trees and graceful dracaenas sprout from
one and the same telephone pole, or lamp- j
post, as the 'case might be. They have !
done it, however, and nothing like' it has I
ever been seen before in any other city i
and, despite the oddity of this sudden I
burgeoning, no prettier effect, to judge
even now at the uncompleted stage, could
be imagined.
The work of putting in place the world
of palm. Christmas tree branches and I
dracaena, willingly donated by the entire
State for the beautlrication or San Fran
cisco, was begun yesterday morning,
when 1:55 Colorado volunteers came in
from the Presidio to put themselves un
der the orders of the decoration commit
tee. They were divided up into squads,
provided with new hatchets and nails,
and, under the direction of the florists of
the city, who had also volunteered their
services, started to transform Market
street into a tropical vista.
How well they succeeded was seen last
night by the thousands and thousands of
people who crowded that thoroughfare to
note the march of preparation. Along the
south side, from the ferry to Tenth
street, not a lamppost or a telephone pole
that had not been converted into a very
fair representation of a tree. On the
north side, from East street to Ellis, a
similar beautiful effect had been secured.
The work will be completed to-day. The
beauty of this leafy decoration is en
hanced by wreaths and bunting and flags
on the buildings on each side, to place
which the owners . have gone to much
trouble and expense.
The decoration of the ferry building,
inside and out, is progressing rapidly,
and to-morrow will see the water front
in holiday attire. The citizens' executive
committee have allowed the Harbor Com
missioners an additional $500 for the dis
play, and Chief Wharfinger Henderson,
who has that feature in charge, has al
Hale^s^^^^ j Hales.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■!!■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
We close every day at six, Saturday included, "^jf
We shall close the day of our heroes' street parade.
everybody's
111 I Iff 111 If when the boys march up Market
llUIIUiil street it will be California's holi-
* day, every employe of Hale's is a :
true Californian, and we want them to greet the boys
from Manila, hence our store will be closed.
Jubilee Toot Horns, 12-inch— sc each.
Jubilee Toot Horns, 18-inch— loc each.
Jubilee Toot Horns, 22-inch— lsc each.
Hurrah Rooster Hats, paper 5c doz.— sOc gross
30-Inch Oval Japanese Lanterns fie each
12-inch Oval Japanese Lanterns lO<> each— 9l. OO dozen
Fancy Japanese Lanterns liic each— 9l.2O dozen
Fancy Japanese Lanterns 15c each— .Sl. dozen
Fancy Japanese Lanterns 24>c each— 92.2s dozen
7-lnch Musiin Flags on sticks Tic doz. 10-foot Wool Bunting Flacs 90.00 each
9-inch Muslin Flags on sticks lOc doz. 16-foot Wool Bunting 5....*14.00 each "
14-inch Muslin Flags on sticks 24c doz. .xlO Piik Flags me each
inch Mus in Flags on sticks .'ssc doz. Bxl2 Silk Flags 2Oc each
2 -inch Muslin Fags on sticks «Oc doz 12x18 Silk Flags Ssc each
4-foot Cotton Flags fast colors. .sOc each 16x24 Silk Flags sOe each
-foot Cotton Flags ' fast colors. 9l .OO each 24x36 Silk Flags 91.OOeach
8-foot Cotton Flags, fast c010r5. 92.25 each. 32x48 Silk Flags 51.75 each
6-foot Wool Bunting Flags i.'t.OO each 36x60 Silk Flags 9.'t.00 each
9-foot Wool Bunting Flags 55.00 each 48x72 Silk Flags 55.00 each
New fall fashions in silks, Scotch plaids and crepons.
New tailor suits and trimmings.
men's underwear new dress goods
Heavy Gray-Ribbed Undergarments, shirts a late French novelty In Fancy Corded
In sizes 3S to 4ti. drawers from 38 to 44. and Suiting: having a heavy black cord on the
a few vicunas in shirts, 36 and 38. drawers new shades of green, brown and new blue
In 42, at 39c and purple; 44 inches wide suit. 59.00
A very small lot of Woolen Mixed Under- . _
wear, In vicuna, camels hair and natural New Plaid Covert Cloth, extra heavy, in
ray <{:{<• all the new shades; 43 inches wide; makes
... ■"■"' ' •-:—■ ' «'. . „, M a very dressy costume....! suit, 84.50
All we have of medium and heavy weight J ' v
dollar grades, nearly all sizes, in one color New Scotch pi aW s | n large designs and a
and another ««c preat variety of colorings, for fancy skirts:
A big lot of finest grade Underwear, near- 46 inches wide ...yard, 91.23
ly all sizes in drawers, only a few sizes
In shirts 91.13 New Colored Crepons, in the new shades
of blue and black, "brown and black, and
_.»_ -a* ,-»«• k «-»#•» «-»»-»*-1 purple and black, and cardinal and black;
UnUCPWCaP cl!l(l fine effect for swell walking costumes
- . t suit. 513.50
hosiery ' v ?1 15 °
,- - , J* •",  ■ ",, _ J New black Mohair Crepons: best English
Children's Heavy Natural .ray Half-Wool make- bright, lustrous silky effects, in ten
Vests and Pants for ages 10 to 14 years; 1 selected designs yard, $1.00
a broken line; to be closed out at..Use each
Ladies' Jersey Ribbed Wool Vests, white Black Silk Souffle Crepons: the be.st
and natural gray; sizes small and medium: 1 French make and designs, shown exclusive-
regular 75c value; to be closed out at ly by Hale's suit, 921.00
50c each
Ladles' imported black Lisle Thread Hose:
fine quality; fancy Rembrandt drop stitch; 'S.l 1/* + +■(* C
silk finish: double soles, heels and toes: llallllvlt lit©
?! Z %l M! ; Pr ' Ce by the Pa r 25c: S P. New Flannelettes, in a variety of pat-
by the dozen J!% —"* terns: In light and dark colorings: pink
Children's narrow-ribbed. fine black; an blue stripes; 27 Inches .yard, f>'-e.
Seamless Cotton Hose; medium weight:
three-thread, hard-twisted elastic cotton 800 yards Bleached Canton Flannel that
hose, with double soles, heels and toes; has become slightly soiled from handling:
sizes fi to 9^.; price by the pair 12'-c; price: it is a very heavy, regular 15c quality
by the dozen ". 51. .1S yard, 10c
Bunting for decoration purposes in the plain red, while and blue, or with
stars and stripes.
Three-quarter yard wide — 3c yard. Seven-eighths yard wide— sc yard.
Your country */&/ <® New fall
want our J§f/ -^^^ all.
catalog;. departments
ready 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 shown
September 15. Market Street. to-day.
ready elaborated on the original plans
for the decorations on the front.
The interior decorations of the grand
nave in the ferry building are nearly com
pleted and the "vast corridor has been
transformed Into a "dream of beauty."
A line of electric lights is now being
placed along the cornices, and with the
electrical illumination on the iron arches,
the evergreens on the columns and the
flags and shields at regular intervals, me
effect will be magnificent. The Native
Daughters' committee were busy yester
day making shades out of red. white and
blue paper to cover the fifteen arc lamps
in the center of the nave.
A stand is being erected In front of the
tower from which there will be a fire
works' exhibition.
GENERAL SHAFTER
OUTLINES HIS PLANS
Major General Shafter. commanding the
Department of alifornla. sent yesterday
to the citizens' executive committee an
outline of his plan for the day parade to
follow the disembarkation of the Califor
nia volunteers. He invited suggestions.
Captain A. C. Ducat, General Shafter's
chief aid, acted as his spokesman.
Under this plan General Shafter and
staff will head the line, followed by a
detachment of artillerymen and such reg
ular troops as may be designated. Next
will follow Mayor Phelan and members
of the citizens' executive committee, the
returned Ca.mornia volunteers, with the
Colorado Volunteer Regiment, acting as
escort. The National Guard will follow,
headed by Governor Gage and his staff,
provided the executive desires to partici
pate. Other unattached military organi
zations will bring up the rear.
The parade will start from the ferry
depol at 10 o'clock and march nut Market
Street to Van Ness avenue, to be reviewed
at Van Ness avenue and Bush street.
General Shafter promises to get the
troops off the transport early in the morn
ing, so that they will have ample time to
enjoy the breakfast at the ferry before
the "march to the Presidio.
A few suggestions were made by the
committee, which will be embodied In the
general's orders which will be issued to
day.
A BIG DELEGATION
FROM LOS ANGELES
F. J. Zeehanrlelaar arrived from Los An-
KPlea yesterday morning to arrange for
that city's pfirt in the reception to the
DO YOU RIDE?
"THE AUTOMOBILE that started for San Francisco
' stopped at Cleveland. A hundred new STUDE-
BAKER Traps, Park Wagons, Runaoouts and Victorias
did not. They reached here this week, and we now show
more NEW up-to-date VEHICLES than all other stores
combined.
On our third floor 50 RIGS of all kinds reduced to
about HALF-PRICE. This sale begins August 22d.
Some as low as $50.
STUDEBAKER BROS. MFG. CO.,
Market and Tenth Streets.
L F. WEAVER, Manager.
California volunteers. Fully 500 citizens
from the southern citrus belt will he her<»
upon the arrival of the transport to re
ceive the members of Battery D, whi< h
is a Los Angeles company. The reception
committee, which will act with the local
committee, consists of Brigadier General
Harrison G. Otis, J. R. Newberry. John
F. Francis, H. W. Frank. Captain C. M.
Baker. F. O. Johnson. Max Mayherg. ! '.
W. Kirkland. Mrs. J. M. Griffiths and F.
J. Zeehandelaar. The various organiza
tions of Los Angeles have named the fol
lowing to represent them during the San
Francisco festivities:
"War Board— Brigadier General Harri*"n
G. Otis, John R. Newberry and John F.
Francis of T.os Angeles; J. A. Sims of
Riverside, Herman Hertel of Pasadena
and C. H. McKevitt of Santa Paula.
Chamber of Commerce— E. F. C. Klokke,
C. F. A. Last, C. C. Allen. C. E. Thorn.
J. F. Sartori and J. E. Cook.
Merchants' and Manufacturers' Associa-
Uon— H. W. Frank, D. W. Kirkland, H. P.
Anderson. Byron Frkenbrecher, W. G.
Hutchinson. F. O. Johnson, F. J. Zeehan
delaar and C. Laux.
Board of Trade— Max Goldschmidt. Max
Meyherg. J. J. Bergln an<l Fred L. Baker.
National Guard— Captain C. H. Rowland.
Lieutenant J. M. White. Major J. H.
DoekweiW anri Captain CM. Baker.
Red Cn.ss Mrs. .1. M. Griffith. Judge L.
C. McKeebey, Mrs. Caroline A. McKeebey,
Rev. Alfred S. Clark and wife. Los \ -
geles, and Mrs. J. A. Sims of Riverside.
Logan Relief Corps — Mrs. Dora L.
Baker. Mrs. Francis M. Jlazeltine and
Mrs. Georgia Hodgmen of Bartlett; Mrs.
Alice Willetts of Uncle Sam.
Lopan Post G. A. R. of Bartlett— Arthur
WHlard and Miss Grace Willard.
Stanton Post G. A. A.— A. J. Norton.
Cohimbia Circle, Ladies of the G. A. R.
—Mrs. I. S. <;. Todd.
The Los Angelenos will arrive "U'ednes
day morning on the Owl, and will meet
at 12 o'clock at the parlors of the Palace
Hotel to make arrangements for the cel
ebration. Including tin- quests, there will
be about 400 In the party.
Fatal Accident Averted.
A laundry wagnn in which P. Hond"
ville and N\ Fauret wore riding collided
with a dray on Folsom street, near Sev
enth, last night, and the horse attached to
the laundry rip ran away. Two girls
were crossing the street, and to save. them
from being run over Fauret jumped upon
the shafts and grabbed the reins, which,
had been dropped by Hondeville. He suc
ceeded in stopping the runaway, but both
he and Hondeville were thrown to the
ground. They were taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital, where Fiuiret was found to
have received several scalp wounds, while
Hondeville was badly bruised about tha
body.