YOI.IMK I.XKXVI-XO, 179.
CRUSHING DEFEAT
OF THE DERVISHES
Fleeing Khalifa Overtaken by
British Troops and Siain.
Camp Surprised and Taken After a Des
perate Battle — Kitchener Reports,
Declaring the Soudan Open.
IHE KHALiFA. SLAIN BY THH BRITISH TROOPS.
The Khalifa Abdullah was one of the four principal peneral? of the '
Mahdl *rd was chosen and proctainu-d by him as his successor befon; his 4
d<\v.h. Ho took a lfadlnj? part in the campaign in which Hicks Pasha's .
army was annihilated In ISS3 and in the invostmcnt and capture of Khartoum .
and th; death of Ooneml <sor«lnn in I'SS. Since the death of his master no
ha* mgn«Hl *t:prcm<' arnniiß his fanatical followers, lending a life of ex
ere* end debauchery. When his ptwrr was broken by th*» terrible defeat of 4
<"imcV:rm.in h« escaped with a fnlirtwins to El Oheid. where he had since '
attempted to cath.-r strentrth fo»- another strueirle. His d«>ath will prob- '
ably '>ut an end to the disastrous condition of affairs which ha.« r«»ifme(l in <
the Eastern Soudan and Bahr el Ghazal country slr.ee the Mahdi's first an- .
nouncrment of the Jehad (holy war) In 1«»8. ,
CAIRO. Nov. 25.— British Minister here, ha* received the
following dispatch from GcneTa! Kitchener:
"Wyngate'n force caught up with the KhaJlfa's force seven miles south
east of Gorfid and attacked it. After a sharp fight he took his position.
' ■ ■ tOOk 1 ;-<-iti..n
Th* Khalifa, who was surrounded by a bodyguard of Emirs, was killed and
ill th* principal Emirs were killed or captured except Oman Dlgna. who es
saped."
The Pervl*h«*s were utterly defeated, their whole, camp was taken and thou
sands surrendered. A large number of women, children and cattle also fell into
h<» hands of th*- Anglo-Kgyptian forces.
General Kitchener also wired:
•Wynpate's armed scouts located the Khalifa's position at Omdebrlkas. Our
fnn-A marrhe.l firjm Oedll In tho moonlight and frequently had to cut its way
:hmuch the t^ush. It arrived before dawn on rising ground overlooking the
?amp. which was hidden in the trees. \\> heard their drums and horns before
lawn and at 5:15 the Dervishes attacked. Our guns opened fire and soon the ac
ion became general. Half an hour later the whole line advanced and swept
:hro':trh the Dervish position for A- p two mil. until the camp was reached.
"The mounted troops punned and captured most of the fugitives. The Kha
,:fa. with most of his m»n. and the Emirs bftdycuard. mxde a gallant stajid.
\mor.e the Kmirs killed were the Khalifa's two brothers and the M&bdl'a sop Os
•nr.n l»igna left lmm«-dlately after th<* firing began a:id is probably concealed
■omewhere in the vicinity. I hope eventually to get him. We took the entire
[••rvlj-h enmp. All the Dervishes not killed surrendered. I cannot speaTt too
tiirhlv of thf- « xr.ll.nt behavior of the troops and their endurance during the long
t^diouF marches preceding the final action. F"rom 4 o'clock In the morning of Mo
vember 21 until 5 o'clock in tho morning of November ll they marched sixty miles
and fought two decixlv.* actions.
"The Soudan may now be declared to b* nnon ••
GUNCOTTON TORPEDOES
BLEW UP THE MAINE
Aliened Discovert] of Evidence That May
Bring the Guilty Parties to
Justice.
NEW YORK. Xov. 3-Th«« World
to-morrow will publish a letter
from Havana stating that United
States officials, after months of
secret Investigation, have, discov
ered that the battleship Mair.e was blown
tip by guncotton torpedo*-* placed in the
bay for that purpose. The guneoiton
700 pound* cf which was used, was petit
from Barcelona to Admiral Mantorola
commanding the port of Havana. an<l
was olth«r stolen from the magazlm
where the Ftuff was stored fir tak^n awa>
with tho !.:.ou:>- !^i- of thu otliclals ir
chare*-
Admiral Manterola'n re<«»rds will »m.
doubtedlv fcbow tho nam-:- f his subor
LADY SALISBURY'S
BODY LAID TO REST
Funeral Attended by D -stinpuished
Friends From Koi:; • and
Abroad.
LONDON. Nov. 25.— The f un< ral of Lady
Salisbury, who died No vernier 20, was
held to-day. I^ord Salisbury »>» not pres
ent at tho public nTvlcra owlnf to illness,
but he attended the services In the house.
All the Premier* children now It England
followed the body to the grave.. The cor
tege also Included A- J. Balfour .md other
The Earl of Pembroke. Lord St-ward «if
ihe Household, carried a wrcuth sent by
th« Queen. The .<••■ •• .1 1 > of •!■••■ .< •::...:.
embassy also carried a wreath sent In
behalf of the Emperor and Emprc;i4. The
Prince and Princess of Wales ant other
royalties were represented, while Cie flrFt
nter of th« realm, the Duke of Yoik, and
other high nobilities paid tribute In being
tir^spnt In person.
The church wan crowded with th» ten
tntry. The Bishop of Rochester oftitlatcd
»t a memorial fcrvice held in the Ciapel
Roynl. St. James, which was attended by
the I>uke of Cambridge, the First Lo.-d of
tho Admiralty. George* J. Ooschen. tad
Mr. Choate and the entire staff of. the
t'nlted States embassy. Other Emba;sa
floni uero present or represented.
The San Francisco Call
flinates who had direct control of the
explosive* and in that way the Identity
•f tho authors and the executioners of the
plot to t'.Ftroy the Maine may be dis
covered. Two r three m..n were engaged
n tlie dest-iction of the Main.-. »A steam
Launch .^f Spanish ■ ike. now used by the
nite.i States Government In Havana har
bor conveyed '■- two torpedoes, ac
££s£* t "/ h - # new -vld^nce. to a point
within a few feet of the berth of the
Maine and suchored them. Th., torpedoes
were kept in position by means of buoys
floated eleven fe.-t under wa-er ten reet
above the anchor, used to prevent them
War swept away. The torpedoes we™
exploded by contact with the keel of the
Maine na she swung at anchor
ADMIRAL SCHLEY SAILS
FOR WINDWARD ISLANDS
WiM Coal at Santa Lucia and Meet
the Montgomery and Wilming
ton in the Platte.
NEW YORK. Nov. 23—Rear A .i m iru
Sehley of the South Atlantic squadron
■ailed to-<"iay on his flagship Chicago for
Santa Lucia. Windward group, wtujre he
will coaJ. Thence he will sail to Uahla
and Buenos Ayres. In the Platte he will
I>lrk up. the Montgomery and the Wil
mington.
When asked If he had anything to say
to the public. Rear Admiral Schley held
up both handa and exclaimed:
"Absolutely nothing."
Steam was on fix of the boilers of tho
Chicago— enough to run her about nfWn
knots an hour. With cheers from her
crew, music by the ship's band and the
acknowledgment of salutes by the dln
ping of her fla^r. tho Chicago steamed out
through the Narrow*.
Clayton Sentenced.
IyOS AN<SELES. Nov. 25. -J. J. Clayton.
OOBVlcttd <>f an assault upon Attorney
Earl RoKf T!» with Intent to m-irder, waa
to-rtay sentenced by Judge Noyes to one
year In Ban Quentin penltentlarj-.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
GLOOMY OUTLOOK FOR BELEAGUERED
BRITISH GARRISONS.
Mettmen's Defeat of the Boers at Belmont Has Not
Gianaed Conditions at Kimtaley, Mafeking
and Ladusmitti.
Sketch map of . the country between Orange River and Klmberley. showing the probable route of "LotA Methuen's
"flying column" with the battlefield of Belmont, whore he first met the Boers, and Modder River, where his passage
Will again be disputed.
LONDON, Nov. 25.— The
position in Natal remains
full of perplexities, which
the censorship lias increased. Al
though a division and a half have
now reached Durban that place isj
practically powerless until sup
plied with cavalry and artillery,
and until these arrive the situation
will undoubtedly remain grave.
With three beleaguered garrisons
in Xatal besides KimU-rlev and
Mafeking, and no signs of succor
in the immediate future, it is no
wonder that the outlook is re
garded as distinctly gloomy to
night and that the most possible
is made of General Methuen's
success, such as it was. That bat
tle decided nothing, and it seems
certain that many experts are of
the opinion that the story of the
return of the pursuing cavalry
without getting in touch with the
retreating Boers indicates that
the cavalry discovered in time
that if it had gone on it would
soon have been on the Pretoria
racecourse with its comrades of
the Hussars.
It will not surprise any one
greatly if the Boers are shortly
again discovered in an in
trenched position near the spot
from which General Methuen has
just evicted them.
From no other point can even
a semblance of success be report
ed. Mafeking is apparently in
a worse plight than the Britishers
have hitherto cared to admit, and
it is difficult to see how it can be
relieved for some time to come.
While the official dispatch from
the Boer head laager outside of
Ladysmith, dated November 24,
FOR THE RELIEF OF KIMBERLEY.
LONDON, Nov. 2S.— A special
dispatch from Durban, dated Fri
day. November 24. says. the Times
of Natal baa received news by way
of Ddagoa Hay that .both Male
kinK and Klmberley have been re
lieved.
This Is not only Improbable, but It
Is discredited by a special dispatch
from Cape Town, which states
that General ICethuen is in hello
graphic communication with Kim
berley. which indicates thai the ro
lle.ving force pushed forward after
the battle at Betmont if this Is
true. .stirring news m.. be expected
shortly, as the Boen are in force at
Mi dder Kiv.-r and Bpyfonteln.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
showed that the town was still
flying the Union Jack on Friday
the cheerful tone of the message
and the evident anticipation of
the speedy reduction of Lady
smith are not calculated to cheer
anxious relatives.
The reported silence of the
British puns also again arouses
fears of a shortness of ammuni
tion, and the fact that the Boers
have just placed in position an
other siege gun shows that they
have not yet done their worst.
The arrival of the German offi
cers, one of whom, it is under
stood, pained large experience in
reducing a fortified town in 1870
71, is calculated to lead to a
change of tactics which will add
to the suspense of the sorely tried
garrison.
The situation in the northern
portion of Cape Colony is about
as unsatisfactory as it can be.
Boers are turning up in all direc
tions.
A Cape Town dispatch re
ceived at a late hour to-night re
ports that the enemy have blown
up a railway bridge between Ros
mead Junction and Middleburg
with the object of preventing an
! advance from Port Elizabeth.
This was effected by a small com
mando which, it is stated, remains
in the neighborhood. The effect
of blowing up this bridge will
tend to isolate Nauwpoort, which
was recently reoccupied by the
British, and musi delay the ad
vance of the troops just arrived
at Port Klizabeth.
COULD NOT PICK OFF
THE BRITISH OFFICERS
ORANGE RIVER. Cape Colony. Fri
day. Nov. 21.— In oil 101 wounded, Includ
ing several Doers, have arrived here from
Belmont. One of the Boers, a boy of 17
years, was compelled to take up arms
with his father, who If a prisoner. A
wounded r.i«r said that twenty men were
selected from • each Boer section to pick
oIT the British, officers. Hut, he added,
on tin advance of th.> British forces the
marksmen were 'bewildered and it was
Impossible to distinguish the officers,
who wore the same equipment as the men.
The marksmen were also unable to make
out Che sergeants and other non-com
mlscioned officers, whose dtrlpes had
been removed. .
BOERS' "SUZERAINTY"
PLACED IN POSITION
PRETORIA. Nov. 25.— An official dis
patch from the Boer head laager outside
of L.adysm'.th dated Friday, November
24. cays: • • ;
"The ' crrurlson at I,adysmlth was
strangely quiet yesterday. The canr.or.
nde to-day hardly evoked a response. The
balloon no longer- soars. The third big
cannon, which the Boers have baptized
•Suzerainty,' was placed In position to
day. • The German 1 officers arrived last
night. . '•:'.
"The Boer generals think they will en
compass the fall of Ladysmlth at the end
of this week.. -','-:•.
J "There wa3 a terrific thunderstorm 'ast
night. Four Boers guarding a cannon
were seriously struck."
LEADERS OF THE WAR
TO BE EXPATRIATED
NEW YORK. Nov. 2.".— A World cable
from London says: The British Cabinet
has come to a decision relative to the
future Boer repub'.lcß. Those countries
are to have a representative Government,
It is decreed, from which all the loaders
Continued on S«con<l Pace.
DEWEY'S SENSATIONAL
PLEDGE TO AGUINALDO
Important Secret Correspond
ence on Philippine War.
Rebel Aid Accepted by American Generals
in Exchange for a Promise of Fili
pino Independence.
For some tlmo past there have been
fragmentary outgivings at Washington
of copies of correspondence had between
Agulnaldo and American civil and mili
tary officer*, running from May or June.
1898. down to recent dates. The Call sought
to find the source through which these
copies found their way to this country
ADMIRAL DEWEY.
and to the partial publication they have
received. The fact! developed show the
pitiful straits to which th.- Filipinos were
reduced, their childlike confidence In the
justice of their cause and their Innocent
belief that If they could be heard In this
country their cry for mercy and Justice
would be heeded. Therefore, when In
formed that such means of Influential
communication had been provided they
believed Implicitly the representations
made to them. Upon Investigation It Is
shown that Mr. Alvah Udell, known In
this State In various ways, professed to
have made an organization of Americans,
influential and powerful, who would pre
sent the Filipino case. The native lead
ers, Informed of this through the Junta
at Hongkong, began forwarding state
ments of the situation, of their claims
and copies of a very voluminous corre
spondence, the originals Of which are un
derstood to be In Agulnaldo's possession.
GENERAL OTIS.
with other letters not copied but hold In
reserve. The only Impression so far made
by the partial disclosure of these things
has been to Increase the anxiety of the
Government to take Agutnaldo prisoner.
In order to pet possession of the originals.
This raises the presumption that these
documents make out a better case for the
Filipinos than our authorities have been
willing to admit. Many thins* have Riven
rise to a suspicion In this country that
we and not he Filipinos chanced front and
had to disappoint expectations for which
our representatives were directly respon
sible. It will be remembered that when
Admiral Dewey arrived in this country
his tone varied from numerous utterances
before that time. and when he advised the
administration to augment the fleet as
well as the army be said he desired Ak
ulnaldo to know that he bad so advised.
Of course, but one Interpretation could
be put upon this. The admiral must have
♦ +ir + T+—»r^ -♦*•♦-♦-♦*♦-*♦■♦•♦'»' J
GENERAL ANDERSON.
felt that AKulnaldo had some reason to
expect a different move on his part. If
there were not this reason there was none
at all for such a request, t
The Call has secured the mass of matter
that resulted from Filipino dependence on
Mr. Udell's representations. These were
In the form of an address "To the Fili
pinos. and Their Compatriots in the Phil
ippine*." which, while rather contempti
ble In its composition where, It Is not an
awkward paraphrase of the Declaration
of Independence, has certain features that
show Mr. Udell to have a good deal of In
genuity. Among these Is a very earnest
deprecation of the resistance offered by
th" Filipinos to the American Govern
ment in Its effort to restore order. They
nre advised to deslrt and to put the: "/el
fare In the ki-ti>lng of Mr. Udell's organ
ization, which seems to have consisted of
himself. Some, features of the addres*
would be laughable were It not for th«»
background of sorrow anil - slaughter In
the islands. 'and the reaching out of weak
hands to what seemed to be a chance for
a hearing. . Among other things Mr. Udell
tells them: "In your behalf we have
given our approval to a new organic law
prepared for the government of the Phil
ippines and entitled a 'Constitution of
the United Free States.* which will per
petually establish your liberties and erect
a republic of enduring strength In the
archipelago."
Mr. Udell does not furnish a copy of this
marvelous self-acting, automatic, funda
mental law. but It no doubt raised high
hopes among the poor creatures who
heard of It.
As far as possible we have arranged th«
documents In their chronological order.
Mr. Udell having Impressed the Impor
tance of his position upon the Hongkong
Junta, his personality may now b« dis
missed and the documents which followed,
the presentation of his pretentious claims
may be considered for the value to history
Of their disclosures.
The first response appears to have been
CONSUL WILDMAN.
this" letter. 'in.' Spanish.' of which we give
the translation:
<•> <t. <:. <a> .:. .:, -i. .:. <*».*•<§.<* .*, ». ,&,
* COMITE CENTRAL FILIPINO J
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦a
HONOKONO. May r>. \V*>.
Honorable Alva Udell. San Fran*-!*.-- C«!..
U. S. Dear Sir: I 'hay* murh pl»n« \n
arknowl^dtrlnir the receipt of your letter ot th«
34 ultimo, together with all the ln<-lonur*«
therein mentioned. The whole budget r'ach^t
me throuKh J. J. Francln. Q. C. to whom th-*
Hon. Ho Kal forwarded It. knowlnc that Mr
Francis la my legal a^l\:«er nn.l will represent
me In a suit now pending trial In the Supreme
Court of thin colony, wherein I am endea\-or-
Inn to obtain from United Stat»n Consul Wild
man a proper accounting ■■' 517. '««">. depostted
with him In June last for the good of our
cause.
I assure you we are deeply grateful for tha
EMILIO AGUINALDO
kindly Interest and sympathy •. >•! or ' your
honorable colleagues have been pleased to mm
Ifc-At in our Ju»t em We have always con
sidered the p^P'e at th* ii.it*-. i States our
friends, and we have had. and —till have, a
Btronr belief In the liberality and «-r ■•> nj
Justice which your people have on many nrra
iilnns displayed In dealing- with a weak am]
oppressed people.
We deeply regret the outbreak of hontllttte*
and hope you will make it known to your
countrymen that we mill confidently look M
your citizens to extend to us the right hand
at fellowship and assist us in our efforts ta
obtain admission Into the great brotherhood
of nations. It was for our liberty we utruo
tried with Spain; It was for our liberty we cof
fered martyrdom. We prefer death to llf»
without liberty; we cannot tolerate hnnda*».
We were held In bondage. by Spain for thr»«
hundred years, and we now look for freedom
and Justice— the ordinary right of mankind.
Surely jrour countrymen will not deny u» our
freedom; nor will the.- fall to Inslit on a Ju«t
anil honorable settlement of the difficulties
which have so unfortunately arti
As soon as I received your moat Interesting
budget I forwarded It to my government, at
the present seat of the Philippine republican
government, and. M soon a» I receive Instruc
tions thereon I shall do myself the pleasure
to again address you. In th- meantime all I
can do Is to tender my heartfelt thanks for
your proffered assistance and express the earn*
est hope that wine counsel will prevail re
suiting In lasting peace and th» establishment
of mutually beneficial relations between your
free and progressive countrymen and th« un
fortunate. Intelligent and peate-lovlng Inhabit
ant* of my. dear fatherland ! have th« honor
to be dear sir. your most obedient servant.
O. APA-IBLE.
V Morrison Hill. Hongkoar.
Either there must have been some diffi
culty, of communication or other riMP*2
RENDERED DEAF BY
INITIATION PRANKS
Indiana College Student Roughly Handled
by Members of a Class
Society,
MUN'CIE. Ind.. Nov. -At the Eastern Indiana Normal University last
night Clarenca R. Dayton was Initiated In: the mysteries of .class socie
ties. Wagon axle-grease was nseared all over his body, Ills clothing was
torn off In shreds and an c!ectrlc battery was applied. The shock was so
great that h'.s sense of hearing hns been destroyed and the young man's con
dition Is dangerous. Another candidate as tied to a tombstone In a ceme
tery and remained there all night.
- b ■ ... . . i
for there are evidently missing links In
the corresronflenvß. Tha next letter, •writ
t?n In October, refers to ?r.« cent In Scp
trabcr:
♦ ♦♦♦♦«•♦«>♦♦♦♦♦
I* CGUITE CEITBIL fIUPIIO J
J KONG-KONG ♦
J KONG-KONG *
HONGKONG. October 17. ISM.
>■ , m CfirU E»q.. Eaa Francisco. Cal.— Dear i
Etr: Py t\l» trf*t 1 tn tfatr* mysejf th«
5 >«iurc to fcr» - arfl to yc u k co?y of a m»m
enseam, t^etbcr With enclosure* therein re- j
rerrefl to. which our Mln'.iter for Tcrt'.gn Af- :
ftiri ta» oairetiefl to e»r!j rf the member* i
< f the United Et*?e» Eenato ar.a House of Hep- j
rr^entttlvet. Tfclt printed ir.ener«n4uaj ha«
V*ea »ent to th« Vr.tted 6t»te« by v»T.out
rovtei. but I h»v« calculated that th» whole of
thea wnil reach about the aam«
t'.roe. I an. fcewever. de*lroua cf kno«-lr.g
jrotr.ptly when thrjr have reached their destln
ntlcn. w.a I ftu'.l e«eem It a treat favor If,
immefilate'.y upon receipt cf th» ccpy : have
formarflcd to you by thla pose, ysu telesraph
to rot v* follow:
"Darsan. it : rkr.c. Received."
This telegram '.» p*id In the telegraph sta
tion here, Jn case you telegraph roe. Jf you
k!r.*:y Ao this promptly ycu ■will be conferring
a favor which, I seed harJiy R?»ure you. will
be r't-'} reciprocate! wherever opportunity
offers.
1 teller* yen »11l find the pamphlet which
forms the •uVJeet c! th'.s r.cte very Interest
ing, for apart from the lucidity of the argu
ment* cf our Foreign Mlr.Uter, all the '"points"
».• cakes are supported with documentary
proof* in the Cora of letters which are repro
duces In the pcrtlen cf the booklet devoted to
the "Er.clor.jrei."
That we were le3 to t*J!ev# the pledge* of
your consular officials a=d cf Admiral Dew*y
would be r. ::.:.-: to the letter by your Gov
ernment it clear from the tcce cf the letters
rsectTtd frc:a Aim'.rsl Dewey, General Ander
sen *.:. j Conruls Tratt and Wllfiman. Also the
explar-atlons ct General Otis v ■-:■•> calculated
to lead m» to believe, that we should receive
fair treatment fit the hand cf your Govern
ment.- That we have been woefully deceived
toes without the taylr.g. Naur but the
baaast duplicity. eaJlir.e contempt tad brutal
111 treatment has been cjr rewarl fcr Icyal
cn-opcraticn against the common enemy, a co
rj-eratlca *hlch Is proved up to the hilt by the
correspondence attached the Minister's i real
to the representatives your mighty nation.
IMX I ■• BOW I
. c truthf *•
■
do toward ua ii
•
■-i land is
' • • i and
....v« re
of our
1
Among the voluminous lnclosures Is
ihii, from the Philippine Cabinet, In rela
tion to the rniMakes made by the Schur
man commission: "The American civil
roxntnlPEion has been guilty of a grave
error in consulting the frlhrs yet left In
the capital. Nc-lthcr has It been Judicious
In leaguing Itself with a dozen people who.
forgetting their patriotism for personal
C*in. acted independent of the Government
to which they belong, under the pretense
cf representing the country in. the advice
they gave the commitslon. Hcr.ce It is
that the latter are drinking from springs
that cannot supply them with data con
cerning the true political situation; there
lore It is not surprising that their good
Intentions to pacify this heroic land.
worthy of a better fate, thould falL
"The Philippine catlou has promulgated
!U constitution, its national and
municipal lavs, which are faith
fully oheerved in ell the townships.
If there be articles therein incom
patible with American sovereignty
let them be reformed, and the com
mifelon will rav^ itnclf the trouble of com
piling those which !t Is now presenting.
"If the Americana, by mean* of their
powerful material of war, conquer the
Filipinos, vhat will America accomplish
l-y surh a victory? Neither honor nor
profit, btrause it Is no hor;or to destroy a
veak adversary, end the will never La
demn'fy herself for .the Immense cost of
the war. If the bellevta that the posses
»>l<"'n of a ru!i:»»d country, to reconstruct
and profit by It, will indemnify her. Fhe
will hardly have commenced the task
ulirn the war will break out again."
Then follow the revelations and letters,
uhlch the Filipino* understood to be of
ficial evidence that our Government re
carded them as aJllfs and was obligated
to ui-slst their aspiration for self-fovcrn
ment. Beginning with the arrangement
ir.ade by Consul Pratt with Agulnuldo at
Flncapore, which was ratified by Dewey
und Cci-.bul .man at Hongkong 1 , How
ard W. Bray, i reputable Englishman
«rd property owner In Luzpn. who was
jirr»*nt ar;d acted as AgulTialdo's inter
preter. ■«>-*: . ■
"As n jnattcr of fact, the Consul (Pratt)
lid not act on his own' responsibility, but
under the Instructions ■.-.■■ Dewcy.
In the first Interview the conditions of
Agulnaldo's policy were clearly stated,
fcubsiltud to Dewey and he cabled his ac
ceptance. I was aroused from bed at
midnight to find Agulnaldo und communi
cate t»:e trlegrani to him. This has not
y*t been inado public, but* I think the
time has cvxae when Igscrve If» no longer
?urtsf.a'.)!e. Pewey had Instructions to
POSTHOORN GIN.
I
Tb» Finest Mad« In America,
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
AGENTS PACIFIC COAST.
S:» 0»criB»!i It., ■« Frwilieo, Cal
use hfi ". and agreeably wit
light Agu'.naldo I
under promise of inde
pendence, and Consul Wlldman of
.:m with several car
goes of arms and ammu::'. •
Iml and diplomatic denial
can alter these facts. "
In corrolx. ration of Mr. Bray's state-
It will be remembered that our
<Jivf>rTirr.erjt disavowed the agreement
made by Consul Pratt at Singapore, but
■
was d!s
■
• -mc-nt
\\:;'i];an u-.A l'cv- I and
procr rry out.
Juno li. U ■ Agulnaldo con
gratulations on his military raced
enclosed an account of a demons 1
by "patr. nos" In Singapore.
tn wrute Agui
tn Hongkong:
"My Dear General: Mr. Agoncillo
has written me that you wish to send
some of your Spanish prisoner to
Hongkong. In case your prisoners
can pay stfamer fare and H. E., tha
admiral, has no objection to their
leaving. I see no objection to your re
lieving yourself of them, on their
oath not to take up arms again. If
you find any of them break oath and
you capture them with arms in their
hands give them the full penalty.
However, do not let any of our prom
inent prisoners leave or escape. Keep
them as hostages. You may need
them to redeem some of your own
generals. Never mind about finding
them three meals a day. Rice and
wnter will be a good diet. They have
been living too high the last few
years.
"The captain of Mr. Agoncillc's
steamer, the Fasig, delayed all our
plans and made the police very
watchful. However, Mr. Evans is
working as rapidly as possible. Very
truly,
"ROUNSEVILLE WTLDMAN,
"Consul General."
It will be observed that the signature ,
Is official, and that Consul Wildman was |
engaged in co-operation with Aguinaldo |
to the extent of violating international i
and neutrality treaties by sliding the Pa- [
Big from Hongkong laden with arms for |
the Filipinos. Ills reference to "our ]
plans" is instructive in the li^ht of Pratt'*
action and subsequent dismissal.
In his next letter of Juue 2S. ISM. Consul
Wildman Bays: "Now inasmuch as the
Spanish want more bloodshed In the Phil
ippines. I trust you will give them a taste
of real war. Do not be so tender with
them. Handle them as they would treat
you.
t •'I am sorry Mr. Evans has not
been able to get more arms to you.
He has started three times, but the i
police have headed him off. They are
on the alert sine, the capture of th*
Pasig."
"VVildman's next to Ag-jinaldo was on
July 14, 1696, and says:
"You have nobly fulfilled all the
promises I made for you to Admiral
Dewey. I am very sorry Mr. Evans
has not been able to deliver to youths
arms. The seizure of the Pasig ha 3
put every official, Chinese and Eng
lish, on the watch. I hear that the
Pasig is now at Macao and is going
from there to Canton to try and ship
arms. I hope it will succeed and they
will soon be with you."
In his next Consul Wildman says: "I
have vouched for your honesty of purpose
to tho President of the United States.
"Do not forget that the United
States undertook tuis war for the sole
purpose of relieving the Cubans from
the cruelties under which they were
suffering, and not for the love of con
quest or the hope of gain. They are
actuated by precisely the same feel
ings toward the Filipinos. Whatever
may be the final disposition of the
I conquered territory you can trust the
United States that justice and honor
will control all their dealings with
you."
Next follows Agulnaldo'a proclamation,
written for him by Consul 'Wlldman, es
tablishing the Filipino government, under i
which all of his military operations were
conducted and which was "to fit our
country for inclusion in the comity
of civilized states, like our neighbor,
Japan.'
This was 1f«uo(1 May 24. IS9S.
June 16 Admiral Dewey acknowledges
receipt of letters from Aguinaldo enclos
ing decrocs of Filipino Government/ which
the admiral "Hikes pleasure in transmit
ting to my Government,"
Then follow letters from Dewey to
Aguinaldo, asking passes for various
Englishmen and others who desired
to visit the interior.
July 18 Dewey transmits to AgutnaJdo a
letter of the French Consul In regard tO
the capture cf a French ship by the Fili- ;
pinos. Dowey sajb: "As my forces were
i not concerned In this capture, I transmit
tho letter with a request that you show
due regard for French Interests."
Then follow long letters from Otis
to Aguinaido asking co-operation,
and making a variety of such re
quests as under public law can only
b« asked of or granted by. a govern
ment de facto.
General Anderson appears on the scene \
July C asking of Agulnaldo "your Excel
lency's advice and co-operation, for I am
solicitous to avoid any oonillct of author
ity which might result from having two
eels of military officers exercising com
maud In the same place. Your sanitary
ofllcers havo be e n making an Inspection ',
with mine and aro in fear of epidemic dis
eases if the vicinity Is not made clean.
Would it not be wtll to have prisoners do
the cleaning under advice of tho sur
geon?"
In further correspondence General An
derson requested the use of Agulnaldo's
military and strategic maps.
January 9. 1539. he writes Agulnaldo of
the growing restlessness of his people and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26. 1899.
cay» they may depend upon "the friendly
protection of the United States."
After the Spanish surrender of
Manila the correspondence shows that
] Otis claimed jurisdiction only over
Manila, "its suburbs and defenses,
' which the United States is compelled
: to occupy and administer under its
national obligations to Spain." The
rest of Luzon was acknowledged by
Otis to be under the control and juris
diction of Aguinaldo.
The foregoing comprises all that is of
present interest in the batch of docu
ments. In disconnected and unverified
form much of It has appeared. It will
form the basis of the discussions which
must occur in establishing the status and
responsibility of the United States.
EXISTING ANGLO-GERMAN
RELATIONS NOT CHANGED
BERLIN, Nov. That portion of the
press In touch with the Forelpn Offloe,as
siduously denies that the South African
situation was discussed by Emperor Wil-
Mam and British statesmen during his
Majesty's visit to England and the pnllt
loal world Is of the Opinion that the visit
will not materially change the existing
Anglo-German relations.
The conservative Post says: Every me
ha« his private opinion as to the Justice
or injustice of the English cause In tho
present war. Considering the whole ques
tion we have to bear In mind that the
time for an exclusively continental policy
rmar.y has passed. The Gorman na
; tion, as a young, aspiring sea power, must
endeavor to be on a goo.l Tooting with
I the gTeat rt and not enter Into
t Wlta them except where her own
life lntereate are at stake. This Is not
the case in the South African question.
■ for England Is not thinking of robbing
I us of our African possessions.
BOSSES ARRAYED
AGAINST CLARKE
Knives Are Out for the
Mayor-Elect.
WOULD NOT TAKE ORDERS
LAND ALLIED WITH BART CAY-
ANAUGH.
Will Make a Determined Effort to
Turn Down Suilivan, Clarke's
Choice for Chief of Sacra
mento Police Force.
Special Dispatch to Tb» Call.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 23.— Falling to In
fluence Mayor-elect Clarke to do their
bidding, the disgruntled gang of political
ward heelers, headed by the scheming
"Bart" Cavanaugh. have resolved to do
all In their power to cripple his adminis
tration. Their first move in that direction
will be to defeat the appointment of "Jack"
Sullivan, the popular Deputy Assessor, for
Chief of Police. Sullivan is a warm friend
of the new Mayor, and as a reward for Ma
political services during the recent cam
paign Clarke Intended to make him head
cf the. Police Department.
On hearing that Sullivan was tho choice
of the Mayor-elect for Chief of Police, the
despicable Cavanaugh swore loudly and
proclaimed himself dictator. Going to
Clarke he demanded of him to sidetrack
Sullivan and appoint William Ahem, a
railroad detective, Chief of Police. Alter
admiring Cavunaugh's audacity the
Mayor-elect emphatically told him that
he would make his own appointments,
and ordered him out of his otlice.
Coli' Cav
anaugh informed them of Clarke's
"treachery," and "rdere'l them to get
their . ly as he Intended to
wreak bwift vengeance on the man who
not only questioned his power, but
deliberate!:. . him. In d
tion Cavanaupli went to Mayor Land, the
• . his tale of woe into
• ir.
"This fello-ar Clarke is no good, see."
ho Is quoted as saying. I'm after his
scalp, ami must have It. You stand In
with mo. and I'll make him wish he never
had been elected Mayor."
Land strenuously denies * that Cav
anaugh's utterances had any effect on
him, but nevertheless It is known that in
order to circumvent the selection of Sulli
i van as Chief of Police, ho Intends on next
Monday night to appoint Mose Drew, who
is well known here, head of the Police
Department.
malign claims that he has "fixed"
! a majority of the Board of Trustees to
vote to confirm the appointment.
Clarke's friends are Indignant at the
attitude of Mayor Land and openly assert
: that ho Is Ing influenced by the de
' throned boss. Every effort is being made
to induce Land to reconsider his deter
mination, but with little hope of success.
When seen to-day the Mayor-elect said,
when speaking about the situation:
"I fully expected that the appointment
of Chief of Police would fall to mo and
was disagreeably surprised to k-arn that
Mayor Land had chosen Drew for the
place." < :
"I have nothing against Drew, but
would prefer to have my friend Sullivan
'at the head of the Police Department. it
has been the custom for the retiring
Mayor to leave the appointment of a
Chief of Police to the incoming executive,
but it seems to have been overlooked by
Land. However. I am not discouraged
and hope for the best."
Land's antagonism to Clarke dates back
' to the late convention. The present Mayor
had hoped to control the majority of dele
gates and get them to renomlnato him.
His plans failed, and Clarke was nom
inated. Since then Land has not been
any too friendly with the Mayor-elect. It
is known that Russ Stephens, the Demo
cratic candidate, had promised to make
Drew Chief of Police In case he was elect
ed. Iloth Drew and Land made a hard
fight for him. but their efforts went for
naught.
Anxious to be revenged on Clarke it was
arranged that Land should appoint Drew
Chief of Police, which ho intends to do at
tho next meeting of the Board of Trustees.
Th»» fri. nda ol ■
•mont ••( Drpw will be con
(lrmeil by tho t<,,. ir ,i <r Trurtfea.
CAPE NOME AND YORK.
We havo established a branch of our
Koine office at 630 Market street, where
we have listed with us a large number of
beach and creek claims in the Capo Nome
and York districts, including Fox River
and Ophir Creek properties. We aro pub
lishing a book of one hundred pages giv
ing valuable information of the country
and its existing conditions from Port
Clarence to Bt. Michael. Accurate infor
mation furnished us to harbor, etc. If
you contemplate going north don't fail to
see us.
ROSS BROS. & CO.,
• / 630 Market street
AN ARTJLLERY DUEL
AT MOOI RIVER CAMP
Mora RIVER, Natal. Friday, Nov. 24.—
A rcconnoissance in force In the direction
of Highlands station has discovered a big
force of Uoers with Runs. The Boers
shelled and the British guns replied.
The scouts also reported another strong
Boer force to the" northwest of the camp.
The British gur.s have returned to camp
and the infantry has fallen back. The
mounted Infantry Is still out.
Coal Tariff Abolished.
PT. PETERBBURO, Nov. ir>-lt Is stat
ed that Finance Minister M. de Witte has
aanctloiu-il the Imjiortatlon free of duty
•In of coal owing to ilio
- wblcb prevails in the Warsaw
ct.
DESERTED BY TROOPS AND CHIEF
ADVISERS, A6UINALDO IS A FUGITIVE
Men Who Guided the So-Called Filipino Republic Have
Surrendered and the Insurrection Crumbles Like
a House of Cards.
MANILA. Nov. 23-Buencamino. the
brains of the Filipino insurrec
tion. Is locked up here in chargo
of Brigadier General Edward B.
Wllliston. the pruvost marshal.
When Tarlac fell Buencamlno
fled northward with Aguinaldo's three-
Id m and an eld lady, supposed
to be the mother of Aguinaldo's contld'-n
tfal servant. Tomas Maxarine. and a
guard of a hundred soldiers. Reaching
the neighborhood of the coast November
13, Buencamino found American soldiers
on every side and escape Impossible. So
he sought refuge in a little Pangaslnan
village, near Manao:iK. where the natives
were lukewarm towurd the Insurrection.
<>n learning his Identity some refugees
brought the news on November 20 to Col
onel Luthfr B Hare, commanding the
Thirty-third Infantry, garrisoning
Manaoag. After communicating with
General Wheaton, Cronin's Battalion sur
rounded the village November 21. Euen
*aminos guard had hidden their rifles and
uniforms and Buencamino surrendered
without resistance. He had only a few
clothes and $2000 in gold.
General Wheaton kept the woman and
child and sent Buencamino «to Manila on
the transport Brutus, in charge of Lieu
•- Smith of the Twentieth Infantry.
Buencamino seemed cheerful and rather
glad that his troubles had culminated.
On the arrival of the Brutus at Manila
this morning, LieuU-r.ant Smith took
Buencamino to the palace. He was only
• minutes In General Otis' office.
The prisoner told General Otis that ho
■1 peace and had for a long time
used his Influence for peace. Aguinaldo.
he added, wus retreating north with 2000
men and two cannon.
General Otis then summoned Provost
Marshal Williston, who previous to driv
ing away with Buencamino. received in
structions to iock him up in comfortable
quarters and allow no person to see him.
lti:< r.camino is the chief author of the
Filipino constitution and most of the
documents.
The newi Which the steamship Brutus
I from Dagupan dispels all doubts
the so-called Filipino republic Is
crumbling like a house of cards. Agui
naldo is deserted or being abandoned by
! the politicians, and the army which a
KgO was intrenched at Tarlac
and exercised a de facto government over
nine-tenths of the people of Luzon Is a
fugitive In the mountains, with small
I hope of re-establishing the machine. The
i army is scattered In the hills on both
; Bides of the railroad and widely separated
detachments are within the cordon which
Generals Lawton and Wheaton have ce
mented.
The ruling spirit of the Cabinet is a
prisoner in Manila— a white elephant on
the hands of the authorities — and the
small fry are tumbling over one another
to get to Manila. Three Provisional Gov
ernors have arrived in Manila to request
General Otis to Install them In their old
otlices under the new regime. Dr. Luna,
a brother of General Luna, and a promi
nent insurrectionist, has arrived here, MJid
lils friends and many others are applying
to General Otis for permission to enjoy
the luxuries of Manila ufter months of
. from civilization.
There were no demonstrations over the
victory here, the Hags are flying at
half-mast out of respect for Vice Presl
:t. The natives appear to be
i.:. moved and business is unruffled.
. night parties of insurgents made
feeblo attacks on Iraus and the- Zapote
bridge. The only large force of insur
gents known to remain are those in the
invite province, at San Mateo and in the
Zambeles Mountains, though several sea
- have largo garrisons.
Agulnaldo began his ntreat with 2000
wilder General Gregerio del Pilar.
:<jrce was probably brought to Its
ma bf desertion. The
last definite r.ews as to Agunaldo's where
abouts is t. Ed through Trinidad.
( Arinfe-ay, toward llayombong, es
corted by 200 men of the Bulacan bat
talion, who had dwindled from 600 within
a week. General fttino, who fought the
Thirty-third at Sau Jaclnto. is supposed
to have Joined him. A letter from General
Miuo baa been intercepted, in which the
writer says that 2uQ of his men were
killed or wounded, but that he had
enough, however, going to the mountains.
General Young, with the Maccabebes
and Chase's troop of cavalry, Is still on
the trail of the rebels. Men and horses
are badly used up.e\General Wheaton is
trying to get reinforcements and supplies
to them from the coast. Genera! Young
left Tayug on November 13 to connect
with General Wheaton, with the Macca
:iii<t three troops of cavalry. Two
. commanded by Captain Hunter
and Lieutenant Thayer, with twelve men,
started for San Fabian, taking the
chances of getting through the lines of
the enemy, who where supposed to be be
tween Aslnßan and San Fabian. After a
during ride by way of Magaldan and San
Jaclnto, he arrived at San Fabian on No
vember 14, d;ishlng througlt a considerable
force of the enemy at Magaldan. His un
dt-rtakliiK wu reported at Manila by cou
rier from General Young to San Jose.
The fate of Lieutenant Thayer and his
companions was not known until to-day,
and fears prevailed here that they had
either been killed or captured.
Major Bwlgert, with the other two
troops, rcconnoltered toward Pozorrublo,
twice attacking a force which it was aft
erward learned was Aguinaldo's rear
guard. In the meantime General Whea
ton tent the Thirteenth Regiment to
Santo Tomas and Rosarlo, two launches
from the Oregon. Lieutenant Nlblack
commanding, accompanying them along
the shore. A hundred Insurgents were
found Intrenched at Rosarlo. Isuck's bat
talion drove them from the trenches and
routed them, tho Thirteenth Regiment
losing one man killed and three wounded.
Cronln'a battalion marched to Pozorru
btot there Qeneral Toung'a force,
which had jii-t learned that Aguinaldo
I through Aalngan on his way
i.. Blnalonan th<> night before; <ionerai
I Young started to head i>ft the party at
PosoiTUblo, and might have succeeded but
that ho took the wrong road, reaching
Manac'ag, where he struck the rear guard
of the lnsurgeitf chief, capturing a. quan
tity of supplies, Aguinaldo's wife's effects
and thirty-live Remingtons. Darkness
coming on compelled him to abandon the
pursuit for the night and a heavy rainfall
on the two following days handicaped him
further, else Agulnaldo might have been
captured.
Huencamino's endurance was exhausted.
!!•• had left Aguhialdo's party there and
rr-malned among the Americans a week
until the natives betrayed him.
Aguinaldo is on the mountain trails,
having twenty-Are horses in the party,
ami ha.4 a good chance of eluding the
Americana unU*ss he get* among hostile
rath ■
and Lawton entered San Fabian
with his staff on November IS, after a
perilous and exhausting trip. He ar
ranged the distribution of troops In the
surrounding country and started to return
to Tayug on Sunday.
The business men of Dagupan and many
foreigners have pent word to General
Wheaton that the insurgents have evac
uated and requested that he garrison the
place. Captain Howland took the battal
ion of the Eighteenth Regiment and pro
ceeded to Dagupan. He found 2500 people
In a town whose nominal population is
50,000. the remainder having fled to the
swamps. Captain Howland reinstalled In
ofllca the local authorities of Aguianldo's
Government, all of whom took the oath of
allegiance.
The Third Cavalry had one man killed
and three wounded In the fight at Santo
To mas.
♦
OFFICIAL REPORTS
FROM GENERAL OTIS
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— The adjutant
general has received the following cable
gram from General Otis:
MANILA. Nov. 25.— A vessel from Llngayen
Gulf with dispatches from Wheaton to 23d
Ir.st. brought In Buencamino. Insurgent Secre
tary of State, captured on the 21st lnst. He
was with Agulnaldo and party and left Tarlac
on the night of the lSth to be escorted north by
two thousand troops from Bayambonff and
Dagupan. These troops Wheaton struck at
San Jaclnto and Young eastward. Agulnaldo,
with part of his family, escaped north with 2:0
men, passing between Young and Wheaton.
Young was still In pursuit at last accounts and
has been\atloned at San Fernando. Aguin
aldo's mother and oldeet child, with Buencam
lno, separated from the rest of the party;
mother lost In woods and child, 4 years old,
with Wheaton' s troops. Two thousand dollars
gold. Lel^nglng to nuther, captured and now
In Manila treasury. Heavy storm In Llngayen
has prevented loading of troops there for the
north. Mac Arthur has captured Insurgent di
rector of railroad, who endeavored to destroy
rallrcad to Dagupan; also Captain Lawrence,
Englishman, who served Aguinaldo's artillery.
Telegraph not working north of Tarlac to-cJay.
Lawtun believed to be on military read to
Bayaxnbong. Roads now practicable for wag
ons, and supplies for him being forwarded.
Our troops have liberated 300 Spanish pris
oners recently.
The following cablegram was also re
ceived from General Otis:
MANILA. Nov. 25.— Insurgents made a feint
on Imus last night. Three enlisted men
wounded; their loss was two killed, on* cap
tured. Quickly withdrew. Additional troop*
were sent from Manila to-day. The Insurgent*
will be driven south. Reports from Negros aru
encouraging. Chief Insurgent leader njrth or
the Island surrendered voluntarily. More plant-
Ing being done. More eutar mills at w nil
than at any time sines the revolution against
Bpala began. Officers report the peoplo are ap
parently cheerful and hopeful; that the form
of government In operation is well suited to
conditions and working smoothly.
SCHURMAN AND LONG
TALK OF PHILIPPINES
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 25-The Union
League celebrated the thirty-sixth anni
versary of its founding by a banquet at
the clubhouse to-night. John L>. Long,
Secretary of the Navy, and Jacob Gould
Schurman, president of Cornell University
and president of the Philippine Commlft
sion, were the guests uf honor and the
principal speakers.
Professor Bchurman in his address said
the American tlag had been planted In
tlit- Philippine* and was there to stay.
Hon. John D. Long, Secretary of the
N.tvy, upon bemg introduced, described
the great popular demonstration which
he had witnessed earlier In the day at the
funeral of Vice President Hobart. when
the late neighbors of the distinguished
statesmen had evinced their sorrow and
respect for his memory. He said:
"Let us congratulate ourselves on the
condition in which the country la now
under the present administration of af
fairs, the admirable condition of its in
dustries and its business. Tell me what
there Is you would have otherwise than it
is, the principle of the government you
would have eniorced that is not to-day in
force, what line of development you would
seek that is not the line on which your
Government is now proceeding.
"With regard to the Philippine ques
tion, it occurs to ask whether or not.
some thirty years from now, somebody
may not rise in this hall and say: '1 re
member that in UN there were excellent
people who said the despotisms of the old
world were as nothing as compared with
the tyranny of William McKinley.' Ah:
thirty years from now not only will our
people be rejoicing in the humanity and
the generous spirit which haa animated
this administration In its attitude toward
the Philippines In giving them the bless
ings of good government, but the next
generation of the Inhabitants of these
Island! will recall the establishment
among them of the school, the ship, the
Institutions of liberty, and will thank God
that, under the shelter of the broad shield
of the United States, they find realization
of their dream of a larger liberty In be
coming American citizens. If Imperialism
means the subjugation of a people or the
deprivation of their rights, then there is
not an imperialist in the length and
breadth of our land, but If imperialism
means the extension of the American in
stitution among those people who have
come under the shield of the United
States, then we are all Imperialists."
PREDICTS PRESIDENT
M'KINLEY'S DEFEAT
BOSTON, Nov. 2T).— The New England
Antl-Imperlalletlc League held its annual
m> etlng in Weeleyan Hall to-day, at
which the princlpai speech was made by
ex-Governor George W. Boutwell. Wins
low Warren presided. Ex-Governor Uout
w(il roundly scored the McKinley admln
i-tiiition for its policy In the Philippines.
The point in his address— and It was all
punctuated with applause— which aroused
most enthusiasm was when he declared
that if President McKinley is the candi
date of the Rt-publican party next year
on a platform embodying his present pol
icy ho will be as surprised ii man on th*»
morning after election as Van inm-n was
I . when ho thought he was elected.
while he hud received the votes of only
Bye Stales.
QamaUel Bradford presented a resolu
tion, which was adopted, to the ffect that
the ministers should be asked to present
the topic of the war In the Philippines in
their Thanksgiving day eermons.
At the business meeting officers were
elected, Including George S. Boutwell,
president; Irving Wlnslow, secretary;
Francis A. Osborne, treasurer.
INSURGENTS OF PANAY
ISLAND DRIVEN BACK
MA A, Nov. 25— movement
against the Insurgents in the Island of
Tnnay has resulted in driving thorn to the
mountains twenty miles Inward. The
troops engaged were two battalions of the
Nineteenth Regiment, a battalion of
the Twenty-sixth Regiment, the Eight
eenth Regiment, Gordon mounted scouts
and Uridgman's battery of the Sixth Ar
tillery. '
The Americans in all lost five men killed
and had thirty-eight men wounded. Gen-
I Hughes, General Carpenter and Colo
nel Edmund^ Rice commanded during : the
various lights. Thirty-two Inaurcenu
were killed In the engagements and the
natives reported that nineteen* carloads of
wounded were taken away.
Among the Americans killed were a
lieutenant of the Eighteenth Regiment
and a sergeant of artillery. Twelve obso
lete cannon were captured. Santa Bar
bara and Maasin arsenal were deserted
before the Americans arrived. The In
surgents seeing It was Impossible to resist
the movement retired with most of their
stores.
The Third Infantry reconnolterlng from
Ballnag met the insurgents on the main
road and had a running fight to San Ilde
fonso, where they drove three hundred
Filipinos from an old Spanish redoubt.
Proceeding toward San Miguel, the
Americans found the insurgents In a
series of strong works, two miles south
of the town, probably General Pio del
Pllar's old command, numbering 750 men.
An officer and a private were killed. The
insurgents had four men killed and ten
wounded. Nine Filipinos were captured.
This is probably the largest band of insur
gents north of the Paslg River.
PILAR'S ATTEMPT
TO AID AGUINALDO
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— The War De
partment officials are disposed to account
for the sudden activity developed by the
insurgents south of Manila, as reported
this morning, on the assumption that the
insurgent general in command there be
lieved to be Plo del Pilar, has received
notice through some of his spies of the
desperate straits of Agulnaldo and is
manfully trying to create a diversion in
his favor by attacking the American
force from the rear. He occupies strong
defensive ground, and Cavlte province,
the home of Agulnaldo, has never been
taken by the Spaniards since the first
hostilities.
General Schwan, assisted by the ma
rines from the naval station at Cavite,
made a raid through the territory last
summer, but it was during the wet sea
son, the swamps were deep, and beyond
driving the insurgents off temporarily
nothing substantial was achieved, and the
country was abandoned to the Insurgents.
Now. however, with the advent of the dry
Bea.-«on. the time Is ripe for the execution
of the plans of General Otis to clear out
this country permanently and carry out
his favorite project for the Installment In
the province of municipal governments,
and General Grant, In command there. Is
being reinforced with that special abject.
PARLIAMENT UPHOLDS
THE STAND OF SILVELA
MADRID, Not. 25— Senor 81lTela, hav
ing refused to present to the Chamber of
Deputies the reports of the proceedings
against the officers who surrendered San
tiago de Cuba and Manila to the Ameri
cans, Fenor Marico moved that such a re
fusal was an Infringement of the preroga
tive of Parliament. All the leaders of the
minority supported Senor ilarlco. but the
motion was defeated by a vote of 125 to S6.
GLOOMY OUTLOOK
FOR BELEAGUERED
BRITISH GARRISONS
Continued from First Par*.
nf the present war will be excluded for a
term of years. I'resldent Kruger of the
Transvaal, President Steyn of the Orange
Vtee State and State Secretary R«:ut of
the Transvaal are to be. expatriated. Just
as Britain Is In the habit of treating con
quered native chiefs.
KITCHENER WILL NOT
• BE SENT AT PRESENT
LONDON, Nov. 25.— One of the most re
markable reports afloat here Is that the
Rtrdlr, Lord Kitchener, will b » sent to
South Africa. This la only partly true.
"What Is the fact on the subiect I." that,
were there to be serious reverses to the
British forces— which seems little likely
from latest reports — Lord Kitchener, as a
practical fighting man, would be called
upon. In the meantime Lord Wolseley
has the utmost faith in Sir KeOvtrs Dul
ler, who Is his warm personal friend, and
who has with General Sir Evelyn Woods
and Sir Charles Warren worked out the
entire plan of campaign. Sir Charles
Warren's appointment, although he Is of
an age where he would under ordinary
circumstances be retired, Is intensely pop
ular. His bock upon the valu* of scout
ing In South Africa is a military classic
and describes Just the kind of warfare
now being waged.
It may Becma strange thin* to say, but
until yesterday, when the people heard of
Mothuen's success, the British here had
had no news of any account for well nigh
a fortnight. The result was that the peo
ple hud grown extremely nervous. The
place to witness sentimental Interest in the
war IB the special room In St. James
street at the side of the War Office spe
cially set .aside for ladles. I was there a
few minutes ago. It was crowded with
fashionably dressed mothers, wives and
sisters, rubbing elbows with the humblest
but Juut as keenly anxious as the rela
tives of "Tommy Atkins." It Is a regular
thing nowadays Instead of taking a walk
!?«, VdC Park to run down *« the wir
boirds and have a louk at th ° telegram
Sir Redvers Buller before he left made
special conditions as to taking command.
One was perfect, freedom of action uuun
the carrying out of a prearranged plan of
campaign.- The second was that his dis
patches should not be made public. This
accounts for the absolute dearth of news
of lat-.» and the correspondingly great
number of absolutely false reports which
na ie been published by correspondent
and editors driven to despair in their at
tempts to find food for the clamoring
public __^
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will stop
> cough. Xcvr fails. Try It. All drunitU. •
44 A Thread Every Day
Makes a Skein in a Year/ 1
One smalt disease germ carried by the
blood through the system 'will convert a
healthy human body to a condition of m-
validtsm. Do not <wait until you are bed-
ridden. Keep your blood pure and life-giv-
ing all the time. Hood's Sarsaparilla.
accomplishes this as nothing else can.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! Tit WELSBftCH
COMMERCIAL
COMPANY and
EXCHANGE
; Are showing a line of POR- Jj
TABLES which, together »
with th- -,v ELSBA [
? LIGHT mi their FINE
: GLASSWARE, present a
stock ■ !
Without a Parallel
from which i beautiful and jj
I us»: nollday Present may T
be chosen.
Call at their rtore at the ft
CORNER OF MASON AND
ELLIS STREETS and ex-
; amlne goods u:.l prices. ■
I ''all at the.- -'ore at the
AND
and ex-
amine goods a: l prices.
' Phone Main 54 1 Main.
Dealers suppllc !.
Cured of Drinking
A Woman's Secret Method Whereby
She Cured Her Husband, Who
I She Cured Husband, Who
Ww a Terrible Drunkard.
Mixed a Remedy in His Coffee and
Food and Cured Him Without
His Help or Knowledge.
It takes a woman to overcome, obstacles.
Mrs. Chas. W. Harry. S2O York at.. New-
port, Ky.. had for years patiently born*
the disgrace, suffering, misery and priva-
tion due to her husband's drinking habltj.
- ' •> ■ s
///&*■ IMM^k /'
MRS. CHAS. W. HARRY.
Learning there was a cure for drunken-
ness which she could give her husband se-
cretly, she decided to try It. Sbe mixed it
In his food and coffee, and as the remedy
Is odorless and taste!* he, never knew
what It was that so Quickly relieved the
craving for liquor. He soon began to pick
up In flesh, his appetite for solid food re-
turned, he stuck to his work regularly
and they now have a happy horn*. Mr.
Harry was told about hit wif- '■ experi-
ment, and he gives her the credit ot hav-
ing restored him to his senses. It Is cer-
tainly a remarkable remedy, cures a man
without his effort, does him no harm anfl
causes him no suffering whatever.
Dr. Halnes. the discoverer, will send a
sample of this grand remedy free to all
who will write for It. Enough of the rem-
edy Is mailed free to show now It li used
In tea, coffee or food and that It will cure
the dreaded habit quietly and permanent-
ly. Send your name and address to Dr.
J. W. Halo**. 1183 Glenn building. Cincin-
nati. Ohio, and he will mall a free sample
of the remedy to you. securely sealed In a
plain wrapper, also full directions how to
DM It. books and testimonials from hun-
dreds who have been cured and every-
thing needed to aid you In saving those
near and dear to you from a life of deg-
radation and ultimate poverty and dis-
grace.
Bend for a free trial to-day. It will
brighten the reet of your life.
FORTUNES
m OIL!
I CONTINENTAL OIL AND 1
s DEVELOPMENT CO.
(Ineorpoated.) j
ONLY 6000 SHARES,
■ of , which . 1000 . were pot on 'he
market and over naif sold the first
ten day*.- » -
I This Is a genuine opportunity for
B an oil Investment. "- Th- Company
I owns by United Pta"»s patent
I five twenty-acre tracts in the
I _ "OIL BrtSlfN."
I Kings County, the richest oil bear-
f In*" In the entire belt.
I We have made arrangements for
F the latest improved machinery and
II will shortly be boring tor oil. at
H which time stock cannot be had at g
q any price. I
N NO ASSESSMENTS. j
M An. I t'I>EM.. Sea. !
i j 223 Hansom- street.
Lj WILLIAM COBBtm, Pres. p
A visit OR- JORDAN'S oreatJ
i OR JORDAN'S o«cat4
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
i g% ion JLISZIT a. Ui. fiilTtt, 5.f .CO. /
Tkr l^rvett Anatnancal Mutvua tn \
m *rjfl- Wort *uk«n.ir« «» »ny c. .>tu v tf.! *
il fßfSb «'-•'' •••••'••'I' •■'•-• hy (he oUeu"
i 455? 4 0R JORDAH-rPRIYATE OISEASES 6
\ vG&IDa _<»'«>»"»*» In* itrtcflv pn.i* \
S J *£« B l" rme ?; P'MOruli, «r by l«t«r. A t
I\n V Till f " M% * tw » w ««*€»»« ondertalien. W
jlf li A viMftriMk.wMMnnrafi
V• $ |'« HAmsi*cr. maius rxhi. i«f
X a It wl-übl; book lot tu-a) \
9on job »4 x & co.. k»i Market at. . rV.
Q-^^Q. "^ •%, "^,
Sano-Rio^
THE HOME REMEDY ?•*?!»•«*
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS JiVu^
|O wronf. tut «:i ih«« p«in«. uln«nU «v 1 difflealti«« ni ■
-V : ""*-•• Sano-n SfttSSS SST2
XPF* i?,- 1 : \.'., :!;::'■
P V^L'tJ >»"-«. I'-1, ,. ,lint HUM-rTroui:-.. r»,r?n«««
ixttTL"ai iT™ "•"'*"• '" r »"' l"A:..>r.J.nr T . Curr*
/Jf- Vff J; Unn * t-otnplamH. lUekichs. Rvwini Djwa
W*^,BUl . .'" * n<l *" •"•»•»• Diwr^Ur*. Hun.
»»^*7 ••"'•Hor«nM»« i;tcer«!:on.v 1 l«r«r»/3^V
Gi^ J^'. h# IVIUIU J» Bl1 Vitalise* th« whol.MJ. 1 1
*** iiarmle««. */v» bO ««ul bux will
STOPS ALL PAIN"""^ V > li * l »«rcci<iT«..
111 lUWIflUltOi ... r»»i»« BMt. ffctoan
Bgl^ln »»n fraatuco ml OaiUai b, th« v .1 ft^c*
COKE! COKE!
P. a. McDonald,
Vhole-a!« Dsataf and Shipp«r of Cck«.
/ OSTICB IU FOLaoH §X,
./ADVERTISEMENTS.
;■•*«■! •■l-.i-.i » I i ] •■:..++ -fr-.fr ♦■!- i , i . ! t . 1 ,. 1 ... 1 . > . 1 , > {.♦■i-*: ♦;>■;■#
7 • ?!
BATTEN BERG Hand made, 18x18 Inches. s:me are all "'
SQUARES, lace, some are with linen centers, a variety 3"
of designs to select from, bought at a great +
sacrifice, well worth $1.00 and *! C\r> •*
$1.25, on special sale at I l/U £
Battenberg Doylies. Squares, Scarfs and Table Covers In endless variety, i
both lace ani linen centers, at LOWER PRICES THAN EVER BEFORE, j;
LATEST NOVELTY X
Embroidered Battenberg Covers. ASK TO SEE THEM. +
HOLIDAY HINTS. Handsome designs for pillows are now <•,
on display at both stores. Beautiful *>
fancy linens, both plain and embroidered. "'
LADIES' NECKWEAR; I
LADIES', CENTS' AND '•'■
CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS, 1
AT MODERATE MICE 9. ♦
+
KID "COLUMBIA"— The satisfactory $1.00 Clove, +
CLOVES. "WALDORF"— The Walking Clove at $1.25. +
"PEERLESS"— The exquisitely finished Kid Glove *
for dress wear at $1.50. i
All Gloves Guaranteed and Fitted. X
Glove Orders for sale. Good at any time. *.
KOKLBERG, STRAUSS & FRQHMAN, !
107-109 Post Street. +
1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street. I
1- ♦A- • •}■ » ■!■ • •!• ♦•I—-?** •!• • •!• * -I- ♦•£♦♦ •]• ♦ »!• ♦ -fr ♦ 4* — + ♦ •]• ♦•> ♦ •;• ♦ •;• ♦ •!• ♦ •!• ♦^♦~}~H-^
STILES ANGERED
BERLIN OFFICIALS
Probable Cause of His
Recall.
fp-!".a: Ditp&teh •■> Th« CalL
WASHINGTON. Nov. s.— The officials
rf the State Department are reticent as to
the reaeons for the recall of Professor
Fttlf*. the pclenttflo attache of th* United
Ftate* emhaj'Fy at Berlin, which Is re
ported from that capital In the press dls
j'.itches. It has been known for pome
time past that Professor Stiles was en
rountcrlr.R friction In his office, though
the i.:!'.r'..i.:« were not quit«» clear as to
where the fault rested. The expert has
rot failed to criticize German methods
with a freedom that must have been Irri
tating to the German Government at
times. On the other hand, he Is Bald to
have delivered himself of utterances that
have had the tendency to embarrass our
own officials In certain negotiations.
This was especially true, it Is said, of
the b»ef and tausace negotiations. There
Is no question as to the rtpht of Germany
to cause th» recall of any person attached
to the United States embassy at Berlin
upon representations that he Is persona
ron (rratla. but it Is not believed that they
J.ave proceeded to this length In the case
of Professor StHes. though by limiting his
usefulness they may have acted quite as
Hold If Tour Bead
And be a man. Can you do this if you
>^"^^^^^g^* are weak and puny? No, you cannot.
fl&^^^^SSw® Then, if you are so, why not be strong,
B^^^g^^^w when it is within your power to regain
k§H siill! what you have lost? Have you never ex-
»?^^S3^/^j6fi perienced the strength of nerve, the cour-
SElaiMpWßHffl age, self-confidence and energy that are
H)^S^^^3bH the characteristics of the well-developed
BBjPP^HPSMHi man? Have you lost the fire of youth by
8a&ll-&lii§3g^B dissipations and excesses? Do you look
' nt BHHgf a "*B^" with envy upon the man who has pre-
sUlf l^Bf served his health intact? Why go on from
M^B ay t0 Qy rea^ zm 8 tnat you are losing
filgEl S^S your nerve force, when you can see a
*&$ l!si? cure within your grasp? My
m 9 Dr. Sanden Electric Belt
Is curing thousands of men in yourcondi-
\^- &%m iOn - By its use you can send your life
ill? Hfffi blood bounding through your veins. Why
Mti t^K go on nursing your weakness when a cure
/j£& Tg^y is at hand? Your case is like all the rest—
«£^ curable when you employ the proper thing
MM Buth «i.. BAN FRAN-CTSCO. Cal.. tO dO it With.
Nor. a. ISii. _. . «onr\ 1
dr. t a. saspen: i *&* take p'^uur. During 1899 alone over 8000 oeonle
Jn wrttlnit you. without •nliciatton. to one* , • t_ . i i-»v^v/^i^
more exrre«« mr ri»utuae for the ma«nme«nt nave regained their lost strength by the
artier* r»nfl«»r^l to me by you md your treat- £ «-*,-, D^ii-^ j' t_*.«^i "~ « «*
ment. i conaaemir «*y that had it not b«n for use of my Belt, and what it has done for
SSiT'-JSISiW 1 ? 1^ r^tr-l^^" others it will do for you. Send for mv
r- l^tr t STi I 2I?SrSS: free book, "Three Classes of Men," which
KS^iSS?S^ cl^tSS. l^ tells all about my Belts, or call at my
& S^-c3^^^"l!S«f^ r office and consult me free of charge.
will b« of aflvanuce to you. as I know It will Office bOUTS to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1.
to them. I tru»t you will not be.lU'e to refer Ulll^e 11UU1 2> IU U, OUliaayS, IU tO 1.
them to me.
anr^h^yr-ccSei^c^.^^ 1)1) t a sanden » ™. *• "« ltad«* 0*
■ Hod work of re»erln» .ufXertn* huaanlty. I JJiV. 1 . il. Uilll JLf JUll a H»'-4 So. Spring Bt, L.. *« f .U.. o*l.
remain. yonr« «rat«fuJlr. L RntMl BW 8- . P.rtUad, Or.
MICHAEL CCX)KNOB.
effectively toward causing his retirement.
There is no such official as a scientific
attache at the German embassy here The
nearest approach to t-uch a person, prob
ably, is h rieherr Beno yon Herman, set
down as the expert of the embassy for
agriculture and forestry.
YOUTHTUL BURGLAR.
Enters a Saloon and Robs the Cash
Register.
BAKERSFIELD. Nov. 25.— At daylight
this morning a masked man with a pistol
in his hand entered Hopcroft'B saloon, at
the corner of Twentieth and L streets,
held up the- bartender and relieved the
cash register of $23. He then disappeared,
warning the bartender to keep quiet for
five- minutes or he would blow his head
off. Soon after he left the place Rube
ButterflHd. the bartender, grabbed a
pistol and took a couple of shots at the
lUelng culprit. One other man was in the
saloon at the time. He was forced to
stand. after being poked In the ear with
the robber's pistol, and watch proceed
ings.
Shortly nfterward Constable Oswold ar
rested two young men at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel, vho had the money hidden in
two bajfs ut'der a bureau. At the Jail
they gave their names as K. D. Scott and
Tom Sullivan. Scott was Identified as
the mask"! robber. When taken Scott
held his c tol In his hand under the bed
cover. Scott gives his age as 17 and Bul
llran at 13. Both are strangers here %nd
have been in town a couple of days.
They are hard-looking cases and refuse
to talk.
Honors for Li Hung Chang.
BERLIN. Nov. 25.— A dispatch from
Peking anonunces that an Imperial de
cre« has been issued appointing LI Hung
Chang Minister of Commerce.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 2*>. 1899.
MILLER SUCCESSFULLY
EVADES NEW YORK POLICE
Swindler of the Franklin Syndicate
an Old Offender Who Has Served
a Term for Forgery.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— There was a sign
to-day on the front door of the Franklin
Syndicate headquarters at 144 Floyd
street. Brooklyn, which read:
"Closed on Saturday."
Various reports were current regarding
the whereabouts of William F. Miller, the
ostensible head of the syndicate.
Yesterday Miller disappeared at noon,
having learned that the Kings County
Grand Jury had Indicted him for con
spiracy with intent to defraud, and that
a bench warrant had been Issued for his
arrest. It was said that Miller came to
the Borough of Manhattan and escaped
under the eyes of detectives. Some
think that he Is still In Manhattan. Others
think that he has by this time toft
Greater New York far behind, either by
a European steamer or by railroad train.
His brother. Louis H. Miller, cashier of
the Franklin Syndicate, who was arrest
ed last night when the ploice raided the.
offices of the concern, was taken to court
to-day and held In $1000 ball to answer the
charge of having aided his brother in de
frauding creditors. $*500 having been
found by the police, which they allege the
prisoner concealed in the house adjoining
the Franklin Syndicate offices. :/
All day a crowd of excited depositors
held tne Fort at 144 Floyd street, which
fort, however, was well guarded by po
lice, some of whom had tnemselves been
enriched by the interest of 10 per cent a
week on earnings they had placed in
Miller's hands for investment.
Floyd street was the scene of great ex
citement. The crowd was made up large
ly of women. Some of them had remain
ed throughout Friday night, hoping that
"the young Napoleon of Finance" would
return with his extraordinary dividends
and pay them their interest or thir prin
cipal. At midnight Friday, overcome by
excitement and her losses, Mrs. A. M.
Cheney, who Is said to have lost the sav
ings of a lifetime, dropped dead. Several
women fainted, and to-day the police had
much difficulty in keeping back the surg-
I iiitr mobs.
Early to-day the police sent out a gen
eral alarm for the apprehension of Wil
liam F. Miller, as follows:
"Arrest for grand larceny William F.
Miller. 36 years. 5 feet 5 Inches, 140 pounds,
dark mustache, small side whiskers, brok
en nose, mixed gray suit and overcoat,
light alpine hat.
The police also sent out a general alarm
for the apprehension of Cecil Leslie, Mil
ler's private secretary, who acted also as
| his press agent and who Is in a measure
[ responsible for the recent publication of
the story of Miller's greatness and his Im
aginary prowess in Wall street.
All the banks In the city were notified
by the police to-day to hold any money
In their possession deposited to the ac
count of William F. Miller or the Frank
lin Syndicate, pending the developments
In the indictment of Miller and Leslie. The
police also set about to keep an eye on
certain banks and trust companies where
Miller is supposed to h*ve money on de
posit. Notwithstanding the fact that Mil
ler withdrew from Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
bank more than $100,000 about Thursday
the police placed detectives in this bank,
believing that he still has deposits there.
Regarding the report that Miller had
placed $100,000 In the C*erman Consulate,
the acting German Consul General. K.
Bess, Mid to-day that Miller had not de
posited that sum or any other sum of
money with the Consulate, and he had no
knowledge of the matter.
"We are not In the habit of doing such
things," he said. "If we did anything we
would help the authorities to expos© sus
picious characters. I have no Idea wheth
er Miller Is a German citizen or not."
It was said that J. C. Htndrix, president
of the Union National Bank and repre
senting the American Bankers' Associa
tion, had submitted most of th« evidence
on which Miller and Leslie were indicted.
The work of procuring this was started
and accumulated chiefly through the ef
forts of the Fourth National Bank. It
was the Fourth National Bank that first
exposed the doing of Rev. P. F. Jernegan
of the "Sea Water Gold" company, which
afterward collapsed.
Officers of the Fourth National Bank
were not disposed to say much about the
matter to-day, but they admitted that a
score or more of drafts on Miller's syndi
cate had poured In on them to-day, large
ly from Ohio towns, and ranging In
amounts from 15 to $50. being for weekly
Interest payments.
According to Wall-street brokers, nearly
all of .the country depositors of the syndi
cate left both principal and Interest In the
concern, and will lose all they have In
vested.
A pile of telegrams six Inches high lay
in front of Postmaster Wilson of the
borough of Brooklyn to-day, each one
about a plea to stop payment on a money
order or to hold up a registered letter
All of Miller's mail has been held up. He
received 500 ordinary and fifty registered
letters dally on an average. His money
orders varied from $5000 to $13,000' dally
Almost every town In the United States
seemed to be represented In the list
All of the sums sent now In the hands of
the postal authorities will be refunded
The World will to-morrow say: Miller Is
an ex-convict, and he is well known to th»
people of Lynn. Mass.. where he formerly
resided. He was arrested there on Sep
tember 20. IST«. on the charge of forgery
it being claimed that he obtained posses
sion of a large sum of money from a
friend. He was tried, convicted and sen
tenced to the Concord reformatory
Miller's photograph adorns the rogues'
gallery polite headquarters in Lynn
and Is No. 3.3. Where ho originally came
from the authorities there do not know
but he was in that vicinity for several
years. He never resorted to manual labor
fur a living while In Lynn. The police of
Lynn are on the watch for him. as it is
known that he has many friends and ac
quaintances there to whom he may appeal
Miller was also know n In Boston and
until two weeks ago he maintained a
branch office In the Charlestown district!
Hundreds of Boston men and women
mostly laboring people, have been swl":
died by Investing" money with the con
cern The total of the amounts so placed
In this vicinity Is estimated at $100,000
It Is known that Miller recently visited
some conservative bond houses and
opened negotiations for the purchase of
gilt-edged securities, such as railroad and
municipal bonds. He has purchased a
large number of these bonds.
The Postofflee Department at Washing
ton Immediately on learning of Miller's
Indictment Issued orders that no more
mall should be delivered to th« Franklin
Syndicate and that no further business
should be transacted with It by the de
partment.
Postmaster Wilson of Brooklyn «ays
that the sum total of the money intrust
ed to Miller will reach an enormous
amount. Postofflce Inspectors have dis
covered that Miller deposited as high as
SI i. OOO a day in one bank In the lower part
of the city. The record of the money
order department shows that Miller's
business during the last six weeks has
been growing by leaps and bounds. Every
day he has cashed money orders aggre
gating between WOO and $7000. and one
day the amount ran up to $13,000.
HIS WEDDING
WHS PREMATURE
Predicament of Colone
Mulford.
Bp*e!al Dlppatch to The Call.
OMAHA. Nov. 25.— Omaha people were
much surprised at the announcement of
• the marriage of Major Mulford of the
Twenty-ninth Volunteer Regiment. "He
went out as major of the First Nebraska
and came home as Its colonel. He had
been married for several years and there
were no reports of any differences until
after his return from Manila. Then It
was noised about that he had practically
abandoned his wife. Sho had done every
thing in her power to brine about his pro
motion to the colonelcy of the First Ne
braska, but when he returned it was soon
made evident to her that s"he was no
longer to share his joys and sorrows.
\\ hen the colonel returned to Omaha
she started divorce proceedings on the
ground of desertion. Mulford, it is alleged
agreeing to pay her a stipulated sum per
month for her maintenance, though this
does not appear In the pleadings
The decree of divorce was granted last
Thursday, but has not vet been entered as
a matter of record owing to the fact that
the costs in the case have not yet been
paid. Lawyers say that until the decree
Is entered up the matter stands as though
no divorce had been granted, and that in
case Mrs Mulford No. 1 should so desire
she could successfully prosecute him for
bigamy under the Nebraska law. The
£& V^ 9 - lUlfo / d », « s now ln Washington
with friends and her 4-year-old child?
— •
KAISER LEAVES WINDSOR.
Met at Wolforton and Immediately
Driven to Sandringhara.
WINDSOR. En?.. Nov. -Thousand*
of people lined the route from the castle
to the station to-day to bid farewell to
the Emperor and Empress of Germany on
; the occasion of their departure for Sand
rjngham to visit the Princess of Wai**
There was an affectionate parting at th»
castle between the Queen and h< r imperial
visitor**.
LONDON. Nov. 25.-The Princess of
wales and the Duke of York met the
Emperor and Empress of Germany at
Wolferton station, and they Immediately
, drove to Sandringham. The most elab
orate precautions were taken to guard the.
1 route from the station to Sandringham a
distance of three miles. Policemen were
, stationed at every yard.
Indiana's Gift to Lawton.
FORT WAYNE. Ind.. Nov. 25.— The
Grßnd Army committee has decided that
Indiana's gift to General Lawton shall be
a sword. The County Commissioners
have consented to postpone the dedication
of the Allen County Courthouse until aft >r
General Lawton's return, bo that the Joint
ceremony will be the biggest event Port
Wayne has ever known. General Lawton
has promised to be here if possible and
the old soldiers are anxious that he re
ceive the sword In person.
Mrs. Estrada Dead.
MONTEREY. Nov. 25.— News has been
received here of the death In Watson
ville of Mrs. Conrlpclon Estrada, widow
Of the late Don Rafael Estrada of this
city. Mrs. Estrada was one of the eurlkst
residents of Monterey, and was prominent
In the social life In this city "luring the o\-\
regime. She was an aunt of A. Estrada
of this city and sister of Y. Malarin of
San Francisco. She was over 7u year* of
age at the time of her death.
Railway Strike Settled.
BT. LOI'IS. Nov. 25.— A settlement of
the Belleville railway strike, which has
been In progress since last Sunday, was
reached at 11 o'clock to-night. The- five
conductors who were discharged last Sat
urday night are to be reinstated, and nil
the striking motnrmen and conductors
are to be taken back.
COLONEL DAVIS
CLAIMED BY DEATH
Was Director General of
the World's Fair.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. Nov. 25.— Colonel George R.
Davis, former director general of the
World's Fair, died to-night at his home on
Washington boulevard of valvular disease
of the heart. Colonel Davis had been a
sufferer from heart trouble for some time,
but It was only during the last ten days
that he was confined to the house. Until
then he waa actively engaged In business.
His family and friends have been aware
of his condition for some time and his
death was not unexpected. All the mem
bers of his family were present at Colonel
Davis' bedside when he expired. No ar
rangements for the funeral have yet been
made.
George Royal Davis, who in pei-son and
name became known to such a large num
ber of our people as the director general
of the World's Fair, was born In Palmer,
Massachusetts, In 1840. He was at WHlls
ton Seminary, preparing for college, when
thp war broke out In IM, and soon after
left school and enlisted as a private In the
Klghth Massachusetts Infantry- In 1862
he was transferred to the Third Rhode
THE LATE COLONEL GEORGE
R. DAVIS.
Island Cavalry; was made captain and
later on major, and commanded the r^gi
mi-nt In several Important engagements.
In 1563 he recruited a battery of artillery
and continued with that arm of the ser
vice to the close of the war. rising to the
rank of colonel. He then rece'.vea a staff
appointment In the regular army and re
mained in the service, serving with Sheri
dan and Custer. until l>d. when he re
signed and settled In Chicago. While with
General Sheridan at New Orleans In 1567
he met and married Miss Oertrude Schu
lin. an orphan heiress of high social con
nections, and their union, which was
blessed with several children, proved a
most happy one.
Colonel l»avis began civil life in Chicago
as the agent of an insurance company,
and was very successful In the competi
tion for business, which was so strong at
that time. He was a Republican and took
a prominent part In politics, with the re
sult that he was elected to Congress in
ISTS and re-elected for the two succeeding
t»rm-'. In ISM he was elected treasurer
of Cook County and served out the terra
of four years.
Colonel Davis took a most prominent
part In securing the World's Columbian
Exposition for Chicago and was chosen
as one of the directors of the local board.
In September. UM, he was made director
general. His great ability as an organizer
and manager contributed In no small de-
Kr.-e to the success of that tremendous
undertaking.
MRS. LANGTRY WILL
RETIRE FROM THE TURF
Decides to Sell Her Racing String.
Acting Upon Her Husband's
Advice.
Special Cable- to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, 1599. by Junes Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON. Nov. 25— Mm. Langtry Is go-
Ing to sell her racing string. This she
does at the desire of her husband. Since
her marriage Mr*. Langtry's position had
changed a great deal, and she is grad
ually falling buck Into society again,
among her good friends being Lily, Duch
ess of Marlbnrough, Lady de Grey and -<o
on. This last week she was stopping with
Lord and Lady Marcus lieresford. She
Is looking so well since her marriage that
evt-ry one who sees her remarks upon It.
Mrs. de Uathe Is very busy Just now
getting ready many new dresses of won
drous beauty for her trip in the I'nlted
Stales. Last evening Mrs. Langtry cele
br;tt>ii the one hundredth performance of
"Tha Degenerates" by giving away a
beautiful satin souvenir, upon which was
printed Kudyard Kipling's "Absent
minded R<'ggar." which piece she recited.
attended by boys of the Duke of York's
school. To see the little fellows appear
ing upon the stage ln uniform and watch
li.K Mrs. l.angtry go through the recita
tion was Intensely amusing. The expres
sion on their faces was half admiration,
half awe. Mrs. Langtry recited the piece
very well Indeed, and the house, which
was packed, was enthusiaatlc to a degree.
ODD CHINESE VENGEANCE.
Sam Yups Cause the Arrest of Ten
See Yups.
BAN RAFAEL. Nov. 25— The celestial
Idea of vengeance for an affront or some
thing more serious has undergone a
marked revision. When Wong Ho, the
Chinese fisherman of Point San Pedro,
Informed the Nlng Yung Society that Lee
Doo Teong. his partner, had been mur
dered by Lee Lin Ling, it was commonly
supposed that more blood would flow. An
attempt was made to murder a relative
named Lee Ah Lln^. but since that oc
currence the Sam Yups have adoptod a
different plan— a plan which, viewed -n
the light of Chinese custom and tradi
tion, seems almost freakish.
To-day Constable Georg« Acnow
marched through town as guardian jf ten
Chinese fishermen. They came from San
Pedr > Point and were nil members of the
See Yups. Agnew took them before a Jus
tice of the Peace an.l swore t<< OOmplalnt*
charging each of his charges w'th illegal
tishlng on account of their use of drag
i>t-is\ In lieu ot 12000 t>ai. they are now
confined ln the County Jail
As the Chinese were being taken to Jail
a number of their countryman from the
lisM ig camp — all Sam Yups— stood on the
corner and made free ntc ot tuunttf and
derisive epithets. Instead of killing one
of the See Yups the clansmen '-t *,cc Doo
Teong had informed on them for illegal
Qshlng and were laughing at their dis
comfiture.
BATTLED WITH WAVES.
Unpleasant Experience of Two Men
on the Bay at Night
SAUSALITO. Nov. George Hard
man and S. 11. Henton. two employes of
the Coast Contracting Company, had a
harrowing experience on the bay in a
small skiff last Thursday evening. After
a hard struggle they managed to reach
shore half a mile below Old Sausalito
about 10 o'clock that night drenched to
the skin And exhausted.
The Coast Contracting Company has
the contract to blow up Shag and Arch
rocks, and the two employes were en
gaged In drilling a hole in Shag Rock, in
which a bolt was placed, to which the
painter of a boat was to be tied. At six
o'clock they left the rock and started for
Sausallto. a distance of nearly two miles.
They were buffeted about by wind and
■waves for about three hours In the dark
ness, and while one rowed the other was
busied in bailing the water out of the
skiff, which almost filled three times ami
was in danger of capsizing twice. Sinco
this adventure the men have left the rock
at 4 o'clock every afternoon, giving them
selves plenty of time to reach land before
night.
« ♦ ■
Common whisky Is a curse— the Old Gov
ernment Is a blessing. •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
At Sloane's
Removal Sale
We invite the attention of lovers of fine Rugs
to our notable autumn display of
Oriental Rugs,
the richest and most comprehensive assortment
ever offered on this coast. It includes rare speci-
mens in every recognized weave and in most desir-
able sizes, and many in sizes hitherto unobtainable.
Our facilities for obtaining rugs of the rarest quality
and color are absolutely unequaled. During sale
every rug reduced in price.
Lace Curtains.
An unequaled stock to select from in Arabian,
Renaissance, Marie Antoinette, Brussels, Bat-
tenberg and Point de Paris, ranging in price from
#400 per pair upward. Every pair fn stock re-
duced in price.
Carpet Department.
Great reductions in every grade, bringing the
best qualities within the reach of economical buyers.
Furniture Department.
The large movements in furniture now prominent
at Sloane's, should, by their magnitude and numerous
advantages, be of interest to all housekeepers.
We call particular attention to our special offer-
ing during Thanksgiving week in exquisite dining
room furniture, in rich mahogany, Flemish finish
and golden oak. As an example of values in this
department we quote :
One very richly carvd Quarter Saw*d Oak Sideboard. « fWt !onr.
with large French bevel plate mirror; regular prlc» $300.00; during re-
moval sale reduced to $1ii!5.00
One set finely carved Chairs to match, upholstered bark and *»at
In finest leather; regular price $14.00; during removal sal" r*>du<oi to..
* 10.00
One large Flemish Oak Sideboard, heavily carved, with chtna r]o»et
top; regular prioo $200.00; during removal sale reduced to $1 40.n0
One beautifully carved 12-foot Extension Table, regular r
$85.00; during removal sale reduced to $<;•> •»<»
One set carved Chairs to match, with upholstered seats and back in
finest leather; regular price $20.00; during removal sale reduced to
* 14.00
Goods purchased now will be carefully stored
for Christmas delivery.
641-647 Market Street.
THIEVES LOOT AN
ILLINOIS BANK
Safe Blown Open and
Building Wrecked.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 25.— The Troy Ex
change Bank at Troy. 111., eighteen miles
from St. Louis, was wrecked by safe
blowers about 2:30 a. m. and everything
of value In the bank was taken. The rob
bers secured between $3000 and $6000 In
ra."h and stacks of bonds and other secur
ities and escaped.
The robbers drove Into town In a cnr
rlage. and after robbing the bank drove
out again without being molested. Tbwy
were seen driving toward Edwardsvilie,
the county srat of Madison County,
shortly aft'T the burglary. It is believed
the robbers are experts and that they
were from this city. Sheriff Kuntze or
ganized a posse and went in pursuit of
them, but without result.
The noise of the explosion was heard a
mile from town. It terrified everybody,
but no one Investigated the Affair except
a doctor living near by. and he was not
able to prevent the robbery. From the
appearance of the inside of the r>ank it
M< mcd that nitro-glyceritie was used.
Tba vault had been opened without ex
plosives and the door of the sate wna
blown through the counter and c irrl^d
to the front of the building, twenty-five
feet distant.
ELECTRIC PRINTING
MACHINE INVENTED
Mechanism That Will, It Is Said,
Revolutionize the Work of the
Publisher.
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyright. 1899. by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON. Nov. 25— 1 hear of a won
derful electric printing machine which Is
supposed to be about to entirely revolu
tionize this work. The paper Is prepared
with chemical electricity applied with
negative pol»"s. bo that the printing Is
done on both sides simultaneously.
Owing to no Ink being required the force
necessary to work the press Is Infinitely
diminished.
Colonel Bounderson. M. P.. has taken
the thing in hand and Is so sanguine of
Its future that he Is putting down 40.W0
pounds for trials for perfecting the ma
chine.
OBJECTIONS TO BONDS.
Increase the Indebtedness of Los An
geles Above the Limit.
I.OS ANGELES. Nov. 2G— An opinion
has been given to Seymour Brothers, the
successful bidders for the $280,000 of school
bonds recently voted by this city, by the
law firm of Dillon & Hubbard of New
York City, to the fact that there were ob
jections to the bonds. Tho lawyer* a-«k
that a friendly nult be brought to settle
the question of their validity. The objec
tion raised Is that the Issuance of these
bonds will excec<\ th* limit of bonded In
debtedness allowed by the city charter.
52.0OO.0Oi). This would only be true tn the
evt-nt that the recent award of the water
arbitrators for the water plant were r»--
ognlzed as a bonded Indebtedness of the
city.
CLERK AND MONEY GONE.
Wheeler Martin, a Mill Valley Oro
ceryman, Bobbed.
MILL. VALLEY. Nov. 25.— cash reg
ister of "Wheeler Martin, th« groceryman,
«a.i broken open last evening and $100 ab
stracted. Martin did not go down to the
s<t>re in the evening, as was his usual
custom, and to his neglect may be as
cribed his loss. >
Early this morning W. 8. Jones, the
clerk who remained on duty last night
took the train for San Francisco and lias
£?« l£f* rr * turn *^ As no explanation of
his absence was left with his employer
Martin han concluded that the dlsappear
«™° f»f »i lhe ,clerk, clerk nd lhe mon "y « th*
same tlm« Is rather a per-iiur colncl
donc?. and this morning went to th«
JonV r s. P ° 'tO " k the p lice tQ " emrch tor
{ FACTS |
I SPEAK FOR I
| THEMSELVES 2
$ — °
«- Ask those whom we have cured X
♦ whether there Is any Virtue In J
♦ the Fleckens'e.n Treatment for g
♦ Diseases of the Nose. Ear, Throat, t
2 Lungs, Stomach, Liver. Etc. ♦
o. . ► O
j 1^ ml
2 |w'^^^ :: :^ 2
$ ' V' 5
♦ MRS. RASTEDT. «• Francisco St.. ♦
5 city, cured of Catarrh of the Nose and ?
X Throat. Deafne«* and noises In the 71
O head. AUo Catarrh of the Stomach. *•
$ MRS. H. BISHOP. 315 Detroit St., o
•♦• City., says: For fire years I suff*r»d !
q from fibrous tumors o* the nose, which •')
'f wa» caueed from catarrh. I also ha 1 -♦■
*■ Catarrh of the Stomach. There wa< « a
O v *ry foul dtsrhnrice from the nose, and **
+ It was impossible for me to breaths ♦
-. through It owing to Its stopped up con- O
9 ditlon. My stomach rave me great con- *.
♦ cern. Kverythlng I ate seemed to /^
O underiro a course of fermentation, cans- w
▼ Ing bloating, shortness of breath and X.
O other distress of the stomach. I Owns
■♦■ wns rr> short-winded that the least e«- ♦
Q ertlon would cau»« severe pains, la O
+ fact I was becoming a burden to mv- ♦■
Q self and every one around me Now. O
.*. after a short course of treatment at ♦
q the Fleckenst*ln Medical Institute my r\
T trouble has dlsapp-ared and I consider X
/v myself permanently cured. X
♦DC flft* rr.ar.tb Is the total •<- >
O \n I 111 r' n '« °' treatment for any Q
♦ OUIUU chronic ailment or malady. V
rt « n <l Include* all medicines X
** and appliances and our constant care **
"♦" and attention until cured. T,
O PATIKNTS LIVING AT A DI3- O
>. tance can t»» successfully treated by th- ♦
Oald of Dr. Fleckensteln's symptom O
blanks and patients' record sheets, sent ♦
♦• free on application. O
O CONSULTATION FREE. ♦
♦ v»
jT It will cost yon nothing to write or ♦
O call on us and have a diagnosis mad* r>
"♦■ of your care, nn honest optnlnn what
O can be done for It. an.l. If curable, bow ~?
♦ long It will take. O
1 THE FLEGKENSTEIN " 5
1 MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 5
X EMPORIUM BUILDINO. O
2 825 and 855 Market Street, $
O Rooms 61i and Bl«. Fifth Floor. -♦-
♦ Office hours from >a. nv to II m.. O
O from 1 to i p. m.; evenings Tuesdays ♦
X and Fridays; Bunda- ». from 10 a. m. to Q
Urn. X
34
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• "Mir tffwwnwmwnrfflsffmmmmmm m W nrmnrw nr nr wwm mivnvswu
7ZZ COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION. = -
■■■sT^^^^^K cellence of fit ar.i the "^
-^m^^Br recctrnlied pr»-eml-
C»^^^BPJ|^pjßßjSßßs«Bßß^"^B»^i»«Bß»Bß**F^3a^^^B^^^ nenc* of style give — *
If 1 .GO a pair. 33
•^ FASHIONABLE DRESS FABRICS. LEADING BLACK SILK VALUES. 3
fj^"* Pot this week's great felling we have selected the fellow- I Black Is always dignified, elegant and genteel That's why --
I^U trie »pee!a;!y attractive lines— Press Goods of exceptional ex- . we have devoted ourselves strenuously and ardently to the sub- — *
•»»- celience; nil' tie late ttyle* favored ty exclusive dresseis ;«ot. The result of our efforts Is manifest in an overflowing "^
•*- |>4> - VAItO — CS-tacta l'lack All-Wool Cfcevlota. woven <"••. an abundance of leading styles at prices unprecedented 3
ZmZ W»v* ».■.-■* wool, a heavy quality, alrenjy fr^'OKeJ and. f or cheapness. The quotations that follow stand for greet —•
«*— ►V.r.:nk: we tv-c^mtr.end them k'rowir.g that they will give the ■ worth and value, but they do not do Justice to the enormous
*T nrt-stett f-atlFfai-tlnn. ! variety of weaves on view. Nothing but a personal visit can —
a*. C'%"" A SllT— f-8-tnch Hcaefrun and Or* rd Suiting*, a a 0a 0 t hat. ~*
•*- »^«> — - splerdil heavy grade so much In demand Just now. "' ,QCr|-. TARD :i-inch Black Peau de Bole, a heavy quality.
JT" !h» prpular tr.Uturrs of Tight, medium and dark gray. OOw of an extra fine finish; regular value $1 25. — <
•*— Of\«'<» A FUlT— Worth 115 Oi. 1 : one line of Novelty Pult Pat- v^ I -'«• YAM ■ —21-lnch Black Peau de Bole, a quality very
•»- O*f ternt. this season* Fall style*. In th« most beautiful j <JJ I recommendable for dresswear. excellent finish; regular ZZ
t^. rolore In dark offer's of Silk Matlesse Crepon. roes on rale at value $1 "' — «
•-- It <« a suit which waa telling at $15 W- •'■• especially urge yon | IJ.^C^ YARD — I^-lnch Black Batln Duchesse, fast dye, a ~J
s». tn ejiamin'* th»>m: they are *:acd In weave, style and dentgn. { UOv good grade; regular value Ssc — i
E~ Cl ■•♦• rxUD— ra-tocb Zlbellae Plaids, a highly Mocha P.n-;OQ VARI> — 24-inch Black Batln Duchesse. with a fine fin- — «
J^2 «M tahed cloth of a »uj>enor quality, in all the fa»h.onable . O— .V* ii 9 h. a splendid quality, wear guaranteed; regular value
«■— ril brilliant eoloriers: the recent price was it 00 a yard. ; n ;s. _,
ZZI TWA rDFIT CPFTTAIS IN BLACK : PON'S 77,> TARD— 24-lnch Black Taffeta Bilk, a heavy and lus- -*
•£: J\\ 0 ORLAT SPtUALi [* KLAV --7, v. nn rua a. 4 i(C trc . :3 QU a!ity. the kind that cells all over at hOO a yr.J =3
•— n.rause of beleted Oellrmr »y *•» *;» th .^ at one-t h.rd , qj- YAHP -27-lnch Black Bwlss Taffeta Bilk, a superior -.
•^ Ire. than or!p!r..\ny intoxded. Tfce> were received b> uj | JOC Quality of a most brilliant luster, beautifully dyM and
•__ r.:> t!ie patt •^•J- crrr—M rvlM-e« n'ack ErcVsh Cre- i Vrriectir reliable for dress weir, etc; cannot be duplicated else- _*
. •» iln* iiv I w^'"»*' A bull— w pieces i .acx cr.Ki->n v-t»- «■>,».■„ * n - i t «« tv> -. «i « • «.«^^ *
•^ UViUIAIN I €> i pens, in medium end larga puffed-up • wne -« - or uss tn^ Jl So a jard.
5H blister de»t«rn«. brilliant and very lustrous, the same cannot be | A STRING HANDKERCHIEF PROGRAM. -^
•^ . r ''- UU ™ A .£''?? r 'r.'iA^'A KT-tT-RJack «si'k and Wool C-e- I If T orx ((le n t ae « a than now. you BOOn will. Why not buy -^
£ lUiGAIN ll— M 2— Sclui^ 1 ffh Ihem whll. assortment, are large and complete and prices so -
•^ euse r .-»-:..«. •^\"7'^'-' n *£"£* buV^hiy "^u't '"sSrtvei All pur HrllJay Handkerchiefs for children, ladles and gen-
ESS&ttttJffitffi&SSTSfieii? tttMamSL arrl%ei ; tlemen have arrived. They embrace the latest styles In em-
•--- Mat's vh>. lr.> :ea? cf lIS ™« *«' JT^'" „ . JL™V" M brcldered and lace effects, also the pretty and dainty Initial —
S= A GRLAT SILK PETTICOAT BARGAIN. j Handkerchiefs, so appropriate for holiday Rifts. We have made
•"" A tr«iV rhaace broucht uk an assortment of a su;-rlor qual- • prloe concessions which will create a big week's selling. -*
5^ ItT >' Bilk at far b^low their regular wcrth. and, as I ]!%,■ EACH — I^ndles" white, pure Linen, laundered. Hem-
•"~ ,'-• a' we ure T.appy t«-i thare our targaln with yon. I ■*->>' »t itched Handkerchiefs, with a pretty hand embroidered _ -
g»- «-—•.«.-• j;ai IT — WOllTll fN.."VO; ISC Ladies' Silk Sktrta. made: Initial, grand^ value. —
•»- oii) cf the be*t Taffeta Silk, w'.th an extra wide corded) l^>r* EACH — Ladles" embroidered and lace effect Handker- *~^
*y— ism, ♦vtra length and width. In the new Fall colorings of i lc»V». chlels. In many new styles and designs; good value —
5T_" : em- blue, lavrnder. purple, red. C>-rano and black. jat 2rc. -^
•^- <ru »« t »TCCT Cl tII \V ilvT; £T cprn »1 PRtrrC I V'r* rA«""H — I-adles* Fheer Lawn Hemstitched Handker- 3
•-: TliL. LATtSi SILK \\AIM> A I SrtllAL rKlthb 0>: t t chiefs, embroidered with a pretty Initial; regular value =2
J^_ To-tnomrw we jlace on *ale another hundred of these beaut!- li4c -»
• — ful Taffeta Wai*t»: the sarie style as tluse offered a m^nth ; C>"T.- EACH —Hundreds of the newest and mr>st beautiful
JT" ago. nr.J the»e will #ro Jutt a> Sast. They are made of a superior ,— Ol styles in Ladles' Embroidered and Lace Effect Hand- -->
•— .jiislity Tafffta Silk. In the latest hemstitched ef- <T> /^> m i kerchiefs; a «reclal leader: most of them are worth We. IT
•^- recta, tucked front and bark. In colors of old VLU.OU J) = r EACH —lndies' pure lir.en. sheer quality. Hemstitched _ ,
1 1 rose. liar. i. uk. gray. navy, purjle and blacx: U)V/ . — «> v -' Han.JTterchlers. with a neat, hand embroidered Initial — '
•"- r< value $> 00: en pale at CALH /* or.d edged with a pretty, narrow lare; rerular value SSc. ~\
•i: CO SS BACH— Ladies' Black Alpaca made of a qual- u)i r EACH -^Senta* All-Unen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs, a I-
S^_ «* — Itr alpaca that .... corded front and I — ,-C heavy quality and extra large size ~*
aw back, all »isei>. V^r EACH —Gents' All-L!nen Hemstitched Handkerchiefs. TZ
*ZZ li-X,- I-.ACH -Ladies' Flannelette Mrht Dresses made cf a lOt with a pretty hand embro!.l-red Initial, pronounced the —
»>'» v. fleecy Tenal» Flannel. In pretty plr.k and blue stripes best handkerchief for the money In this city. -•
= br * 12^ CXtr * lenClh "' "^ a '"' cr ' CilU " A GREAT RIBBON BARGAIN. ==
fc= LADIES* MACKINTOSHES. We will offer for this week 1000 pieces of No. 40 best quality.
TT~ c i S" EaCU — Lailes' Double Texture, dark checked Mackin- ■ a 'l *ilk Taffeta Moire Ribbon, In the leading shades—* ribbon mm
m— O*~» toshes, with a lor.g cape and Inlaid velvet collar, lined that jroaj pay *-« '°f all over; our price. —
2T Ihi iKh^ut with a dark p'.aid lining, warranted waterproof. In j /5C A YARD. — «
: II — women's I 1 CHOICE FANCY SILKS FOR WAISTS AT HALF PRICE, I I THE special I I
**— ■p. •tu rnnic F '-'' X huyers will this week reap a harvest of BBOaaaJ values. rnirrmr c*t r< "~"
«»». BATH FOE Through tae continuous large sales of Fancy Silks ww flni ourselves GOLF CAPE bALE —
SP- I Eifierdcwn Hobes. v '-th an accumulation of ab. ut 100 short but desirable lengths of Sl'.ks. Although a phenom- """
-^ «nh larc* gtnlles. measurtng from S^t to 4 ynrds each. They re; reser.t the choicest novel. ena j business was done ~"
•— made cf the *>e*t -juxl- ties cf this season, such as Fancy SatJn Striped Taffeta. Printed th« past two weeks In -^
:t y nl!-wr>cl f.annel. ex- Warp Taffeta, Corded Taffeta and many other beautiful styles. Every this department, we —
fc: I t-!\ width a&d lernh. yard In this collection has t~en selling from ILSS to $2 a yard. To have still a good a*-
•■"" turn-over collar, f.ttrj cloee them out quickly we offer the entire let at the extraordinarily low sortmant of the lead- --
V^Z tick. #cams nlcelv price of !ng styles left. Those
•— } »tltrhed. ta «hades of flj-^ O= EACH ~ ACTXAIXT WORTH on upeclal sale are —
*g~ ;;r.k. blue, J^*J»<^«J FROM JBM TO JS.CO. quoted at £4.05. —
J^l I SSSok'ZZm. BpeClal at No --•:•. has been afforded our patrons to *fl a?' Bos8 ' 05 and —
•— I w- "'" ia> ... a choice Silk Waist length at about one-half the real value. *•••»♦»• —
I __^ a— » ' Come and Mi them. » — •
i^ DOMESTIC ECONOMIES. WINTER UNDERWEAR AND HOSIERY. S
!T~ A 71 r EACH— WO Hemmed H»J Sheets, eiie JZ*H. made of a p^. Monday and Tuesday, a Oreat Leader In Children's Ho«e —
t»— ""» C„• V »ui>er;or quality muslin: a special value. 500 (jp-e n Children's Fast Black Imported Cotton Hose fine
— in r EACH-60S Hemmed Pillow Pa.es. CxSS. mmam of a fiouh> „*;,,„ anil heala. aUea 5 to 9- Regular i I/! —
g~- IVIW standard quality TEU^lin: a leader at 13c. value ttc: for as; edal at PAIR 11 C — •
y NEW STYLES IN FLANNELS. (Xot more than 6 pair, to each customer) —
•£: Our assortment of French and German Flanr.els so popular; 001- UR- Tb* 800 cr«4a of Ladles' Ail-Wool fine quality
JII tot wairt*. wrapp-rs. etc.. was carefully chosen, rave good '>v> C Black Cashmere Ho*e; a hose generally retailed at We -*
•»= attention to the ti*k. The styles are pretty and useful and v.,™* ta, .o. r- . „ rri*jiea ai we
«— t>-e colJrtnr. superbb 7?»r A •— i-adie«' Oneita Union Suits, an exceptionally ZL
Sr: «f-^r-fjif* FO- this wen* ' V':^ to « «arment. a heavy grade, nicely nnlsh«d. They 1
srECIAtS FOJT TTIIS ween. ■ come In natural only; all sizes. —
•""- u)i • TAlir>— S?o piece* German F/.Serdown Flannels. In dark «... C EACH -- Vr* Ribbed Wool Ve,r,. Uil neck IS
It: I>«C f.^.-y quality, in rrx-tty colorings of p!nk. blue and rre " t - *' 1  D
r*~ cra> tr.ost houtes »ell It at lDc. we. as a leader, for C-io. Cl-'-' EACH— Ladies' High Keck and Long Sleeves, Imported --
e«— t f — . TARD— N>w Eiderdown All-Wocl Flannels tn the , «*» I — 00l \e-:s. In Jersey ribbed, a beautiful, soft gar- 12
g^~ oOC leading solid colon; also a pretty lln* of striped In meat, In black, white and natural. The same In half sleeves — .
fiiu mauiuiuuaiiiuiuiuuuuuiuaua ill miiuiuiuiiiiwuiuiiuitjuiiutuaiiuujaai miii
Child Kicked by a Horse.
OAKLAND. Nov. 25.— The three-year
c'.A BOH of Ed S. Harrison, traveling pas
for.crr Rnd freight apent of the Burling
toa rout*, was seriously kicked by the
tamlly horse this afternoon. The child
was playing in the yard at the roar of the
tlarrtson residence, 1006 Klrkham street,
where the hors» was grazing and It is
• ■■.; ; sod that the little one came too
clot* to the horse's hind hoofs, one o?
which In l»oing raised struck the child
full Sn th* face. The Infant was carried
into :!ie house unconscious and Dr. San
born was summoned. The physician found
that the BOM was broken, but what other
Injuries were sustained is not as yet
l<r.nwn.
Dependable Drugs
Prescription
Carefulness
In no department of
our store do we pay so
much attention to lit-
tle details as in the
prescription room. No
other department re-
cuires so much care-
fulness.
Medicine cannot be
too carefully com-
pounded — health de-
mands care and quality.
The nearness of our
prescription room is
above criticism. Im-
plements and bottles
are spotlessly dean.
We never fill a sec-
ond hand bottle, for
no one knows what it
might have contained
since it first left our
store.
Second hand corks
are never used.
Our label is pasted
on every cork, over
which is tied a yellow
cap, scaling the bottle,
insuring the customer
against adulteration or
changes.
We fill every pre-
scription just as the
doctor writes it.
JMM %c% c^ TEDwc |*jr
I *^V 1128 MARKET ST
»»■« mtMcuce
10th and BROADWAY. o»ia»*»
GOEBEL BEATEN
IN THE COURTS
Decision That Will Seat
Taylor.
♦
Facial Dlepatch to The Call.
LOUISVILLE. K> . Nov. S.— Th«
Commercial to-morrow (Till say:
Governor Bradley to-day received
a letter threatening him with as
sassination. The le;ter. which was
addressed elmply ••William O.
Bradley," was mailed at Frank
fort. It reads:
"Governor William O. Bradley:
Tour resignation is requested im
mediately. If not we will murder
you. FOES."
Below this was drawn a rude rep
resentation of a tkull and cross
bones, and underneath that three
crorsmarks. The handwriting: was
evidently disguised. There was not
a misspelled word In the letter.
The letter Is believed to b« the
work of a crank.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Nov. 25.—The Court
of Appeals to-day clinched Taylor's right
to 11*7 Nelson County votes. The court,
all the Judges concurring, refused to dis
solve- the Injunction, as was asked for by
Goebel's attorneys. The votes in contro
versy were certl.".ed for "W. P." Instead
of "W. S." Taylor. Judge Jones of Nasoa
County ordered the votes counted for W.
6. Taylor and this order is affirmed.
The Democratic leaders now assert that
Goebel will not contest before the Legis
lature If he Is not given the certlllcate of
ejection by the board, which convenes
h**re on Saturday. Taylor's managers axe
dubious on this point. *uj the statement
tnat ne would contest has not been denied
by Goebel hlnisNf.
Yesterday waa the last day under which
contests could be nieU against the Re
publican members-elect to the Legislature
and the fact that about ten contents were
nled against members, seven against the
House and three against the Senate, is
regarded as Indicating that the Demo
crats are doing this as a precautionary
mt*a«ure to secure a safe majority in both
hou*t>6 in the event that a contest Is de
termined on.
benator Goebel was reinforced to-day
by the arrival of nearly ail the candidates
on his ticket. Chairman Smith of the
State Central Committee and others who
will be here until the fight ends. Infor
mation here Is that several thousand per
sons from out In th« State will be here
at the meeting of the election board
Governor Bradley ••:;: maintains a guard
at the State arsenal and it Is said the
war department was never to fully
equipped with shooting material. The
Governor himse>lf absolutely refuses to
disclose Ms position, but the movements
of Adjutant General Collier are supposed
to be under his direction. This strongly
Indicates that he is preparing to take
nome kind of vigorous a."ion and the
prospects for trouble ee*m to be growing
as the day of final settlement approaches.
Woodland Creamery.
WOODLAND. Nov. 23.— At a meeting of
the stockholders of the Woodward Cream
ery held to-day the old board of directors
was re-elected. The secretary's report
fhows that the affairs of the corporation
are in a very flourishing condition. There
is no Industry In the county more bene
nclal to th« community than the cream
try.
Teachers Gathering.
WOODLAND. Nov. 25.-The Teachers'
Institute will convene la Woodland on
Monday, and the teachers are 'already he-
Binning to assemble. State Supertntend
eat Kirk and other able educators have
been chosen &4 lecturer* and Instructors.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20. 1899.
SCHOONER SINKS
IN CARLOS BAY
Narrow Escape of Cap-
tain and Crew.
' atrh to Th» O»I1.
SANTA BARBARA, Nov. 25 -The
Fchooner Santa Rosa was swallows up
by the sea in Carlos harbor. San Miguel
Island, at 3 o'clock yesterday morning.
In a howling southeaster. The vessel an
chored In the harbor late Tuesday after
noon, and during this same night a heavy
storm came up and the sea was breaking
so across the mouth of the harbor that it
was found Impossible to up anchor
and make for the open sea. All anchors
were thrown out and the vessel pulled at
them furiously for two days, when the
storm quWed and the harbor smoothed
down. Thursday night It arose even more
terrible than on the previous days and all
that night the captain and his men. half
the time under water, fought the sea ex
pecting ever- moment to be swallowed ud
by the waves which were breaking over
She dragged her anchor to within a hun
dred yards of the famous sunken rocks
which were thrown up by an earthquake
some years ago. and the anchor got foul
i ho keuge anchor was thrown and an at •
tempt made to haul her about, but the
chain parted and the vessel and her crew
were at the mercy of the furious sea.
The vessel could not be controlled, and
each wave carried It with tremendous
force toward the sunken rocks. A great
wave broke amidships, and the men
Jumped Into the lifeboat. No sooner a ':
they done so than they saw a great wave
completely swallow up the Santa Rosa
and she was never seen again. The men'
who had nothing to eat for twenty-four
hours, rowed out Into the rough channe'
and were picked up fifteen hours later by
a passing steamer, which brought them
into port.
iJ!\?Al ntSL Rosa^ was the largest vessel
In the channel and had been used by the
Santa Rosa Island Company since 1£79
for Island business. She was valued at
several thousand dollars and carried
no Insurance. Captain Eurtls Is In a
very dangerous condition, having been ex
posed without food for so many hours.
The heaviest sea In twenty-two years Is
reported by local seamen.
ATTORNEY SUTHERLAND
WEDDED IN THE SOUTH
His Bride, Miss Helen McMillan, Was
a San Diego Society
Belle.
SAN DIEGO. Nov. 25. -William Angus
Sutherland, a popular young attorney of
San Francisco, was married In this city
to-day to Miss Helen McMillan, a well
known society belle, who has live.l here
for the greater art of her life. The cere
mony took place at All Saints' Episcopal
Church, on University Heights, only the
relatives and immediate friends Wing
present. The young couple left by the
steamer Santa Rosa thia evening for the
north, and after visiting prominent resorts
will make their home In San Franci.-co
They first became acquainted at Stan
ford University, Mr. Sutherland being a
member of the class of 'SS and the bride
of the class of *9S. They are both among
the most popular graduates of the univer
sity and a reception will be tendered them
there In a day or so. also at Oakland,
which has heretofore been the groom's
home.
Fruit Sale* Heavy.
VACAVII.I.E. Nov. S.-Some Idea of the
magnitude of th c fruit industry in the
Vacavllle district may be inferre-.
has been j a! 1 to the
I . . the Bank of Ya .
Thi* amount has bt*rn almost entirely
through checks for gre«n fruit sold
m markets. It does not represent
th«t ca»h transactions or many sales in
mhich payments are not made through
the local L^ink*.
TEARS SHED AT
HOBART'S BIER
Last Honors to the Dead
Statesman.
♦
IMPRESSIVE IN SIMPLICITY
— •
DEEP GRIEF OF FRIENDS AND
ASSOCIATES.
»
Through Lines of Thousands of Un
covered Heads the Body is Borne
to Its Final Resting
Place.
>
6p*d«i Dispatch to The Call.
PATERSON, N. J., Nov. 25.— With the '
Impressive religious cervices of the Pres
byterian church and with the dignity due
to his high office, all that Is mortal of the
Vice President, Garret A. Hobart. was
committed to the earth this afternoon,
The President. Secretary of State John '
Hay, Chief Justice Fuller, former Vice
President Levi P. Morton, former Secre
tary of War Alger, Secretary of the Inte
rior Hitchcock, the Supreme Court Judges,
members of the Senate, members of Con
gress and the Vice President's personal
friends filled the beautiful Church of tho
Redeemer and with moistened eyes and
bowed head testified silently and eloquent
ly to his worth as a statesman, friend and
neighbor.
Through the west window, from the cen
! ter of the stained-glass Maltese cross,
pierced a shaft of crimson that shed its
; light around the catafalque and bathed
; the orchids, narcissus blossoms and white
i roses In bright tints. The eye of the cler
gyman traveled along the shaft of light
to the cross as he repeated the words:
"The Lord gave and the Lord hath taken
away; blessed be the name of the Lord."
The chief magistrate of the country
i bowed his head in his hands. He wan vis
j ibly agitated. There was scarcely a dry
cheek In the crowded edifice, and the
widow was apparently the most compobed.
All the pomp of an official pageant,
j which was omitted in deference to the
wishes of the deceased, could never have
caused the impresslveneaa of this scene.
The Imposing and solemn strains of Chop
; ln"s funeral march filled the edifice with
< its solemn melody as the casket was
j brought up the aisle on the shoulders of
| the stalwart members of the Capitol po
lice and placed on the bier prepared for
it in front of the pulpit. Following It
I came the pallbearers, members of the Sen
ate. After them came the family, the
widow and her son. the President, the
Cabinet dignitaries and intimate frlendi
. They all sat clcee around the casket. On
every side of it the floral offering* were
banked in a wealth of beauty and color.
The funeral services were opened by the
Rev. Dr. C. S. Shaw, who read a portion
j of the Nineteenth Psalm, verses 1. *>. 10
j and 12. This was followed by a selection
'. from Job, chapter xlv, verses 7-12. and
; concluded by a reading from the fifteenth
i chapter of Corinthians I. After a prayer
sixty male voices filled the church with
j the beautiful melody of '•Nearer My God
1 to Thee."
After the sermon, In which the business,
i statesmanlike and social qualities of the
! deceased were extolled, the Orpheus Club
I sang a cantata by Chwatal. Dr. Magle
j then pronounced the benediction, and In
! the same order that it arrived the funeral
i procession left the church. As the casket
i was borne down the aisle and out on to
■ the porch the vest multitude, which could ■
| hardly be kept under control by the police j
! and soldiers, uncover- and when the
, President appeared with bowed head
! leaning on the arm of John Hay, there
was only a murmur of greeting.
Through long lines of thousands of un
covered heads the cortege wended its way
to Cedar Lawn Cemetery, where the body I
was placed In the receiving vault.
There were thirty-two pallbearers, eight
representing the United States Senate,
eight representing the House of Repre
eentatives, eight personal pallbearers pe
lected by Mr. Hobart two months before
his death and eight Senate police, who
carried tho casket.
The personal pallbearers were? Attorney
General Gripgs. Edward T. Bell, Franklin
Murphy. General Joseph W. Congdon,
Juiiso J. Franklin Fort i teorg E. Baker,
K. A. Walton and Coldnel William Har
boor.
The Pirate pallbearers were: William
P. Fry* of Maine. M A. Hanna of Ohio,
William J. s^weil and John Kean o f N.-w
Jersey C W. Fairbanks of Indiana. James
McMillan of Michigan. John W. Danui or
Virginia and P. W. Cockrell of Missouri.
The pallbearers from the House of Rep
resentatives were: D. R. Henderson of
lowa. John Gardner and B. Wayne Parker '
HERE'S TO HEN OF MIGHT.
A _.^^ Here^s to Youth, with all its joys |
JK; J|h Here's to Happiness and Health, 1
■B^^^Bi Here's to Perfect Manhood! 1
V 4'V 4' -5r5 r //'7& l^Sr \A/ HEN a man has truth t0 tell he fmds no end of hearers When |
* ' '" W- S -W&r his story is a gladsome one and he is able to bring news of health %
< ||^^ and strength to those who are weak and broken down, he finds millions $
f- m il ready to listen. Such is my story. It is full of truth and overflowing with §
\V /(I // tidings of new strength, new manhood for weak men. " »
m WEAK MEN CAN BE CURED
' ::^= V \J The effects of ast errors can be removed, the full strength and vigor %
*~z£r. Wi m of young manhood can be restored, and the vim, the snap, the youthful §
£*L * ire and energy can be felt once more by men who have counted these joys 8
V £S^*^^^ as lost forever. i
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
unlike anything that has ever been sold before. Not "as good," but better, stronger, more durable, more pleasan §j
to use, than any other electric body appliance on earth. It restores health by pumping a gentle stream of electricity 8
into the weak parts while you sleep. It gives a current which you feel all the time, but it never burns nor blisters o
as do the old style Belts. It has a perfect regulator and my special cushion electrodes. g
Have you tried and failed to get results from the old style belts, which burn and blister? Or have yon |
used a "30 days' trial" belt which gave no electricity at all? In either case my modern appliance will be a godsend $
" IS N FIRST ST SAN JOSE Cil Nov 21 iq> 1 to you. -It gives electricity that makes you feel new life in 8
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: I want to add my testimony 'to your col- yOUr VeinS the first time yOU USe it. •'/vu iici new iuc in C 1C 1
DR. M. A. MCLAUGHLIN: I want to* add my testimony' to your col- yOUr Veins the IITSt time YOU USe it. X
lection of evidence, pointing out the value of your Electric Belt. It cured \\., D v „....«- «ll «„; j i . A
me of rheumatism years ago. and I have since found It a good thing for i'lV tSeit CUreS ail pain and Weakness in from 2O to 7i
any sort cf sickness. If a man has any trouble about his kidneys or z_, A~/rc U/..;* ♦« A~ [. (^ i_ ..  .„ ' , °
back it will cure him. It Is an invlirorator of crcat power, and beats HO ClayS. Write tO-ClaV IO. r fTIV beautiful V illustrated
any medicine on earth. lam well known here and In Kansas, where I Q^ nn Z, l 1 tll (v' *-j- ' wvaumuiiy " lU3t ' a
wan Mayor of the city of Wichita. i know your Belt to be ali you rep- 00-page book, tUll oi happy tidings for weak men. Send 8
■~> .. U C OSe y mal 6 \ §
FIR M A Mr lAI IflHI IN 702 Mar » ? t 1 .? T V £ orner Kearny, San Francisco, and §
t^IV« iTI« /-%• iTl^Li/AU VJI lLtllls; Burdick Block, Corner Spring icd Second Stmt», Los Angeles. §
r Office hours— B a.m. to S:3O p.m.; Bundaya. 10 to L M;\"ER SOLD IN DRUG STORES. S
of New Jersey, Charles F. Joy of Mis
souri. William P. Hepburn of lowa. John
Dalzel of Pennsylvania. George B. Me-
Cjt-Uan of New York and John F. Rtxey
of Mrginla.
A special train brought two companies
or artillery from Governors Island in com
man £. of Captain Lulgl and Captain T. ;
K. Adams. The batteries were received
by J. D. Hopper of the New Jersey volun
teers and escorted to the armory, where
breakfast was served. The companies
lined the short route of the funeral cor-
Re from Carroll Hall to the Church of
tne Redeemer, and later acted as escort
to the President and Cabinet.
The city wore Its most somber garb to
day in mourning. All the mills, big busi
ness houses and stores were closed. The
municipal buildings, banks and factories
looked gloomy in draperies of black and
purple On every hand were signs of
grief for the loss of New Jersey's states
man.
Out of deference to the wishes of Mrs.
Hobart there were no visitors this morn-
Ing to Carroll Hall except the Immediate
relatives of the family. The body of the
\ ico President rested In Its casket of oak
on the catafalque In the library. His right
hand rested lightly on his breast and held
a bunch of violets, placed there by the
w1 mOW.-.,.m OW .-.,. On the coffin was a bunch of
calla lilies, a sheaf of palm and some
smliaxard roses. Around th» room were
many floral tributes, conspicuous among
them being several pieces from the White '
House conservatory.
There were never gathered In New Jer
sey, and seldom In any part of the United
States, so many mourners of eminence in
the nation. In the throngs were Senators
from States that were Territories before
the war and for years afterward. There
was Hoar of Massachusetts, representing
the old, and Beveiidge of Indiana, repre-
Eentinsr the new In national life. There
were John W. Daniel of Vlrslnla. repre
senting the Confederate soldiers, and
Hawley of Connecticut, standing as a type
of the union veteran, each of them to-day
as Senators mourning the loss of their
presiding officer. There was Jones of
Arkansas arm-in-arm with Frye of Main*.
Rom every State came men of broad cul
ture and prominence in national affairs
to honor the memory of the Illustrious
American, whose acknowledged ability
had won him a foremost place among men
of the time. More than three-fifths of th*
Senate and nearly half of the members of
the House of Representatives were In the
church, with the Governors of one-third
of the States.
Before the body arrived at the church
the members of the United States Senate
and House of Representatives, distin
guished men of States of the Union and
representatives of the legislature of New
Jersey and Supreme Court wore seated.
This left room only for the funeral party
i from the house.
The church floral decorations were mag
nificent. A band of smllax over three f*>et
wide and thick enough to hide the wall
ran around both sides and the front of
the main auditorium. Above the windows
the wreath ran unbroken before the pipes
of the great organ. At the windows plant
palms reached up to the emllax. These
j palms and the festooning around the win
dows were laden with white flowers, prin
cipally lilies of the valley, orchids and
i chrysanthemums. Around the organ and ]
the pulpit lilies were strewn In lavish pro
| fusion. The fonts before the pulpit were
covered with American beauty roees to
! the height of nine feet. A large space :
■ before the pulpit was left undecorated, I
where the casket rested, surrounded by
floral tributes.
The pew regularly occupied by the late
Vice President was filled with floral offer
ings.
WASHINGTON. Nov. -The special
train, bearing the President and members
of the Cabinet on their return from the
funeral of the late Vice President, arriv
ed here after 11 o'clock to-night. With
the President wore nil of the members of
the Cabinet, except the Attorney General,
who will remain In Pater* over Sunday,
and the Postmaster General and Secre
tary Long, who stopped over In Philadel
phia. On reaching the White House, the
President retired almost Immediately.
The Concessional train preceded that of
the President by half an hour.
MR. MORINE IS
ASKED TO RESIGN
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Nov. 25.— Governor
McCallum to-day called upon Mr. Morine.
Minister of Fisheries, to resign from the
Winter Cabinet, Premier Winter having
demanded his resignation, alleging that
Internal differences existed. Mr. Morine
had previously declined to resign on the
Premier's demand, claiming that It was
unjust.
The Governor explained that Mr. Winter
was responsible for the request and ex
f- '. hi" personal regret, while thank
mc Mr. Monne for his valuable services.
Mr. I>awe. a Minister without a port
folio, resigns also as a protest against Mr.
Morlne's treatment. lies Robinson,
Shea. Carty and Pitta support Premier
Winter.
The Government party In the Legisla
ture Ik divided, pome supporting the re
ni>r and others Mr. Morine.
The Ministry will certainly be defeated
wh*n It meets on Thursday. Great politi
cal excitement prevails.
Gimbling Law Inoperative.
MTNNEAPOI.T?. KOY. ■ -I.ate this
evening Judge Pond granted the motion
of Mayor Gray"« oottnMl t.-> quasi) the writ
nf mun.iamus to compel the Mttvor to en
force the law In this city against gam
•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••
9 FROM ... o
Q Q
\ A PAIN IN THE BACK j
© c
o o
: to ... O
I PARTIAL PARALYSIS !
{ IS TOO OFTEN BUT A STEP 3}il i
9 ( ys' 3 •
S \ r g
© And yet It la a step that many men and women take. Pa- V\ O
• ralysls Is a disease of the nerves and nerre-centers. and \ | W
• many of the Important nerves of the body have their origin ]£•'*• > JL
9 In the spinal oord. which Is located In the back. fcsV ' jvj g
• When there Is evidence of weakness anywhere along the AVS-. " == / £
• spine It tbowi Itself In the form of pain, soreness, aching, or lU\ VI O
9 weakness of baok. Look upon these symptoms with suspicion- ( \\\ N •
% guard against Paralysis. Hudyan will at once avert the I^.V / ©
9 danger. - isPa^S^^ , ©
A Nerve Weakness Induces spinal troublea and la often in* l\ •
X Indirect cause of Paralysis. If you strengthen the nerves and I \ / O
A nerve centers you will be out of all danger. Take Hudyan. ) \ / •
2 for Hudyan creates strong and healthy nervous systems. IXI ©
*T Just recall some of th* lamentable cases of Paralysis yoa / If J
5 have Been. Go to these afflicted people and ask them what { f J O
2 brought on the distressful condition. Nine out of ten will tell 1 I / O
© you "weak nerves was the cause." if/ -
© If you give evidence of "Nerve Weakness" In any form 1/ / c,
9 don't wait a m >ment— the risk la too great. Cure your weak- // / **
• nerve condition. Hudyan will not fall you. /5\ O
9 All these symptoms mentioned below are warning*. Study C _**-» «
9 them: "'*" **
AW/ P«ln In BsoU (Fig. S) \WV
///// Numbness of Extremities (Fig*. ■•-«! \\^\
[//// Headache and Dizziness (Flfj. 7) \w\
///// Paleness— Emaciation (Fig. 6) \Vv\
/I/// P«ln in Shoulder* (Fig. 8 j \\
/l lf Pain In Side (Fig. 1) \v\\
II Ringing In Ears \v\\
Ijl Haggard Look \\u\
///// Dots Before Eyes \\\\
jl jl Loss of AppetH-s— Nausea \\\\
111 j Feeling of Exhaustion \
ill Trembling Limbs
IJI ' Loss of Strength
Ijj Clouded Memory
il Fluttering of Heart
111 , Hollow Eyes— Sallow Skin
111 I Lack of Energy I
111 Want of Confidence //
\uU DENOTE ... nil
\k NERVE-WEAKNESS. /I
\|k HUDYAN CURES M
sOc. JW
— .
5 If I ol * anffer with any of the above ryiaptem* 9
9 «>> s '^X*NX* N Sv then Jr oo ret<S Hudyan. Hudyan art] t=ake ytro 9
© r^ vA. f**lf ** 1 1;lt# * D ' w b * :n «- for It r-«s comfart. q
A l. V^<\ strength and perfect health. Hadyan tones tie Z
J HL Vf^l **"" system. O
2 F^fe 1$ — »
| L, " $ BDDYAN CURED ft ROBERTS. |
© UgrW*P*i £/* BROOK%TLLE. KAS. %
9 'V^^^Cif ff Dear Sirs: It gives me great pleasure to %
9 V ' V state that Hudyan cured me. My nerves w*r. /%
9 a^^. £/?/ entirely let down and I feared I would become gs
CJ Ci KZ?* J\ fZ%& entirely let could not work. I I was become .
> ' • ; paralyied I could not w,,rk. I was s
O tv r >t*^?i^-*^s*»^ <^^ y^L&ifo Could not eat. and was very thin and pale. S
O *s^V*y/^? "*T AW^ 1 »«-«red with pain In back and head. **
t/. ,L"~Sls \\ Could not eat. and to Ami a cure I ~
Wv s I• * I suffered with pain In bs"k •■
• fQ?)- I '"'' After repeated attempts kg . t J
A *^jSk*7^ IK iCi;' J ( ,-N y? began on Hudyan. The Improvement was rapl.l j;
S 'fff J f,\ gffti I a Rn(l wlthla * month # s time 1 was able to go ©
A '♦! / / ['* \=^ /J' \/ t0 work - x%m now la Perfect health and ©
n * I l/i \'P /'i stronger than ever before. I thank you. He- ©
~ ifir ' spectfully, • N. ItOUEUTa. 9
v 9
9 O<»1 11.. J rrom your druggist— £9o a package, six package* for 13 S3. (?
9 IIPT KlifiUQn I: rnur druggist does not ke»p It, send direct to the lICDTAN a
m UOI llUUTatl KEMKDT CO.. corner mock! El 111 and Market its. San S
X * Pranclnco, Pal. ™
• of^Ya^l C^l^^r T w^t? DTAN DOCTORS ABOL ' T TOUR rASE rRr - 9
b'.lng. The attorney set forth nine reasons
In support of his motion, most of them
technical, the chief one being that were
th© writ to Issue it would he nusjatory.
not b*inc susceptible of enforcement by
the court.BETTER FEELING
TOWARD ENGLAND
German Press Friendly
In Its Tone.
>
RESULT OF KAISER'S VISIT
ANGLOPHOBIA DENOUNCED AS
CAUSELESS.
•
Rejoicing in the Empire Over the De
feat of the Anti-Strike
Bill Favored by
William.
♦
Coryr!*btea. IXBI, by th. Associate Ptom.
BERLIN. Nov. 25 -Th» visit of Emperor
WUJlajn to England, although more or
W« discounted before hand, has occupied
public opinion this week above all else.
Even the most rabid Anglophobes found
little fault with the reports of his Majes
ty's reception. Some of the papers com
mented in a friendly way on the evidences
of «ood will and sympathy shown the
Emperor even by the lower classes of
EnsMsh and augured well therefrom a
J'.rmer and dearer understanding between
the two countries. It is significant that
one of Germany's noted professors pub
lishes a strong argument In favor of a
<>rman-Brltlsh-Aineiicaa alliance., while
Herr Barthe doe* the same. In the na
tion, howover. there Is no doubt that the
vast majority of the people and the press
continue hostile to Great Britain and dis
approve of the Imperial visit. A well
kno^n poet In the Pan-German Deutsche
7.«*!tur.g has written a poetic warning to
the Emperor beginning:
'Nach England Kaiser gehe ht."
Wnlle scores of papers have vented their
ar.O-Brltlsh feellnjrs sljrns are discernible
that opinion begins to veer.
Not only the Colojrr.e taastte which
naa been friendly to Oreat Britain from
the ttart, but even the lnfluwitlal Kreuz
Zeltur.gr. often the barometer of court
weather. and the lea.ilng Center organ.
the Colojme Yolks Zeitung. h&ve articles
this week confitrmnlng the. "senseless
raWd Anglophobia," the Kreua Zeitung
wayirg: "Opinion in Germany does not
strive against the re-^stablishment of bet
tor political and commercial relations
with England. On the contrary. It favors
both and believes there is room enough
on the globe for both nation* without
either obscuring the sunlight of the
other.**
The Cologne Yolks Zeitung ridicules the
"unreasonable Pan-Germans, saying they
woulfl hay« Jubilated If the Emperor had
fona to fli Petersburg lnste-d of Eng
land."
The comment on the South African war
cnwally Is tinctured with ill will for
Gr^at Britain. The Deutsche Zeitung as
tumes the (success of tha Bo*ts anJ ad
vises President Krueer to insist, as to the
•«*rnis of peace, on the cession of Delogoa
ray to the Transvali. which. It adds, will
"lead to a new and better German policy
In South Africa."
The Deutsche Tajjes tone says: "If
the English press continues in us arro
tancy to represent England as the para
mount power and Germany as the vassal
In South Africa an Increase. If possible,
of the dislike felt here for our transchaa
cel cousins wl!l be the consequence."
Details of the Crar> visit to Potsdam
•re leaking out. The correspondents hero
ef the Associated Press learn from a per
son who tatis present that the Czar was
cool and reserved at first. Thi* was due
not or.ly to his natural disposition ar.d
abhorrence of scenes and painful «x
planations, but also to the fart that for
mmc time past ftories have been circu
lated by co-b«*tweens at both courts of
Witnic remarks of the Emperor to the e-f
f>-<-t that *re Oz*x was a "Pantoffel" and
held to be av»-r»e to everything military,
end abont his "Spielerol ague confer
ence." alj cf which was reported to the
Czar In olftorlM shape*. Owing to this
the meeting was repeatedly put off and
only finally took place through the Influ
ence of the Cz.iiina. However, the Km-
I^ror's explsnatlons were Irresistible and
th* amlahllltv which he kr.cws so well
h'»w to display when It suits Mm had .he
cVs'rM offset, bo the Czar departed In a
lr>r.'lly mood Ho was not angry nor as
mnlPhed nt the Sanrnan agreement and a
better understanding between Great Brit
ain ar.d Germany.
HesranJing the Emperor's present feel
ings about the war th* Associated Press
correspondent learns from the same au
thority that his natural sympathies are
idt'vtf-ether on the British aid©, but he
clearly realizes that the complete wiping
out of the B(ht« a* an independent pcl!t
: _ »I«>Tn>nr 1n Rnnth Africa Trrnil^ rot
eubserva German Interests. He also <Jls
epprovea of hat he terms Mr ChambeT-
GRAPE-NUTS.
cooeooooGGooeoaeoocooo
• •
9 9
§ The German |
o ©
• Emperor 1
c o
o o
g Uses o
I Grape=Nuts. •
o c
o o
cooc©ooo©oooooo©ce<»ooo
Kaiser Wllhelm Furnished
With American Food.
Upon instructions of a German phy-
Flciac, a case of Grape-Nuts Food was
lately sent by express to the German
Emperor. Kaiser Wllhelm, at Berlin.
This food has come Into recognition by
phypiclans as perhaps the moat perfect
form of nourishment In use.
The field grains, barley and wheat.
axe blended In proper proportions,
around and passed through some ton
cr twelve different operations, during:
•which the starch of the crams is turned
Into grape sugar.
The food is In Hhape of small gran-
nies, perhaps twice the size of a pin-
head. Thpse are brittle and covered
■with glistening crystals of grape sugar
\*hlch has been produced by th« pro-
c«-r*es and form out on the surface of
<-ach ib.rr.all granule very much as the
KUgar er-ttles and crystallizes on the end
of a hickory or maple log, under cer-
tain conditions.
')"?.: s product has a delicate sweet
t.\st«% not the etrong 6weet of cane or
beet eugar. but the delicate sweet of
grcpe sugar, and It is the most easily
<!!po?ted food known, particularly np-
I'.icable to digestion in the Intestinal
trart, where so much trouble Is nowiu
dnjra Fhown from the «xce«s:v« use of
e'archy foods.
Most so-called health foods »re ln-
rlin»d to be flat and disagreeable to th«
ta*t«*. to be used under a sense of duty
Graj.e-Nuts, on the contrary, is not
only the highest known form of health
focdj but is palatable and delicious. It
1q thoroughly cooked before leaving the
factory and can be served in* : 4 nter.
either cold with a little rich cream cr
m.ode into a hot dish by pouring *nxna
hit milk or cream over it. Grape Nuts
are also usod for dainty desserts, treat-
ed with gelatine or fruit Juices.
All first-class grocers sell C*rap»
Nute Made at Postum Cereal Com-
pany's factories In Battle Creek, Mich.
lain a "Insincere and provocative policy '"
Although expected, the burial of the!
antl-etrike bill came more swiftly than |
anticipated by either the Government or I
tne Reichstag. The collapse was due to
the conviction of the Centrists that their
amendments would not be accepted by
tne Government. The correspondent of
tne Associated Press learns that there is
no Intent! to Introduce another antl
boclalist bill at present. Emperor Wil
liam no Longer attaches the highest im
portance to an anti-strike bill, and even
the canal bill for a time has given way
to the naval bill, the passage of which
engrosses his thoughts. In the mean
while Count Posadowsky-Wehner. the
Minister of the Interior, and the Berliner |
Correspondenz. the special organ of the :
Oovernmenfs international policy, se
verely reprimanded the majority of the
Reichstag, which, on the rejection of the
bill, was made up of the entire L*ft. Cen- !
ter and Socialists. Because of their lack
of courtesy, the high otticials threaten I
that, as every bill designed to restrain or j
repress Socialists Is defeated, the Govern
ment win have to find other means to ac
complish this end. as It : .- claimed to be
necessary to curb the growing Insolence i
iof the Socialists. The Government otll- I
: cials also say plainly that there Is no in
tention of redeeming Prince ■ June's
promise to enlarge the right of political
coalition throughout Germany until the
Reichstag has passed measures to guard
against, the "growing abuse of the right i
of coalition among the laboring classes."
The press overwhelmingly rejoices at
the defeat of the bill. The \ orwaerts I
cays: ■•win the Government learn? Can j
Internal things continue as at present? I
The chasm between the Government and |
the people become wider and wider. The !
Go\'ernment fears an appeal to the elec
tor. What will the Government do?
, What but a coup d'etat Is ft?"
The moderate Boersen Courier says:
"The attempt to curtail the best right
of the working classes has been defeated.
We hope the lesson will not lm lost upon
high personages. Why did the Govern
ment not know better?"
The Cologne Yolks Zeitung pays: "Now
that the anti-strike bill is out of the way,
the •lew naval bill will have a turn."
. Another influential organ mainly blames
the Cabinet, which, it v\s. ought never
to have acted on one of the Emperor's :
postrrannl.il speeches.
Before starting for England Emperor i
William was Prince Hohenlohe's guest.
j The Prince assured him that the adoption
of the naval bill by the Reichstag was ;
certain, without having recourse to dras
tic measures, at which the Emperor re-
I Joiced. Prince I -iilohe is now again
tirmly in fuvor.
The reply of the. Empress of Germany to j
the Benin Municipal Council's birthday •
congratulations is still much discussed.
j not only in Rerlln. but throughout Ger
| many, it appears that the letter was |
| written at the dictation of the Emperor. |
, The points raised by the letter are old and
j refer to the question of the city's church
patronage and contributions to church '
| funds, but It is generally believed that the ;
; reason the letter was couched In offensive
i terms was that the Emperor prefers open
| war • ) the latent hostility long exlstant t
| between himself and the Council, which Is j
composed of his political opponents and a
I goodly proportion of Socialists like Herr
j blnger, or outspoken Democrats like Pro- I
fessor Vlrchow. It is said the Emperor |
wrongly construed the apparently servile j
tone of the Council's address. Only on©
leading paper Bides with the Emperor in
1 this quarrel. Even such conservative or-
i gans as the Kreuz Zeitunf and Post
] guardedly intimate tha< ncr Majesty's re
i ply was in bad taste and ungracious.
At the Emperor's instance Baron yon
I Mlrbach. master of the household of the
I Empress, alpo wrote to the Senate of the
j Berlin University disapproving of the Sen
ate's attitude In the Aarons and Preuss
cases a;.d demanding their dismissal.
The correspondent of the Associated i
I Press learns that the Emperor adheres to
I his Intention to curtail Berlin self-gov
i ernment. His Majesty recently remarked
! that there was no reiison why two mil
i lions of •-liners should have more polltl
! cal Independence than tho same number
of We6tphallans and Hanoverians, and he
fears that If the movement is not checked, ,
Berlin will become the hotbed of revolu- !
l tlon. like Paris.
The Cameroon! scandal Is to be over
hauled by the Reichstag during the dis
cussion 01 the budget in December.
The movement in favor of German
cables is growing. The correspondent of
the Associated Press learns that beside*
a direct cable to New York, now under
j way. the Government proposes soon to !
i lay one to the German colonies In Africa,
I via the ... a terminus at Swak
i cpmund. Thence the lino will cross Ger- ■
I man East Africa, touching at Togo, in
' the Cameroons.
The Kreuz "unir says: "One lesson;
J which Germany has learned from the ,
I present war Is that we must have an Af- :
rican cable of our own. Perhaps it is
possible to combine In the matter with
some other power, say France."
Many complaints appear in the papers
1 regarding the British cable service to and
i from Africa since the war began. A i
! number nf firms have complained to
Prince Hoher.i and have as«e<l him to
obtain damages from Great Britain. The
press Is a unit in advocating Independent :
German cables.
The Government is on the point of
making another attempt to exclude for- :
eign fruit wholly, or partly, from Ger
many, and Is collecting information from
dealers as to whether such oxcluMon la l
feasible without causing a stringency In
the market.
Baron yon Hertling, leader of the Cen-
I ter party, has gone to Rome to obtain i
I Instructions from the Vatican regarding
I religious Instruction in the schools.
Baron yon Mantcuffel. late commander
j of the Dragoons at Kassct. has arrived
I at Pretoria to loin the Boer army.
Mr. Hamerllk. long a director of Hie :
Peabody Conservatory at Baltimore, gave
a successful concert at the Philharmonic
on Monday.
In deference to the d^ath of Ice Presi
dent Hobart the flat of the United States
Embassy and Consulate and many resi
dences of Americans were half-masted i
until after the funeral. j
BREYER FAMILY HAS
BUSHELS OF TROUBLE
A Series of Quarrels Canse Unpleas
ant Notoriety in the San Jose
Courts.
BAN JOSE, Nov. 25.— C L. Breyer. a
pioneer butcher of this city, is experi
encing a peck of domestic trouble* The
paat \ve*k has been a fast and furious one
for himself and wife. L<ouise C. Breyer.
Their difficulty has got Into th« court*,
but the end Ik not yet.
Monday Mrs. Brcyer rushed breath
lessly Into the Sheriff's office and declared
her husband was Insane and . •■•.king
their home, Breyer whs arrested and
brought before two physicians and exam
ined as to his *anlty. He was perfectly
sunc, and as the matter proved to bo
merely a family quarrel Breyer was dis
charged. The next day Breyer was
charßcd with battery by his wife. He do
clsred he had done nothing, but that hid
wife had pulled his whiskers and other
wise abused him. Mrs. Breyer relented
of her conduct on Wednesday and paid
the costs and had the charge dismissed.
Yesterday she had recorded a deed to
their home at 579 North San Pedro street
and adjoining property, whereby Breyer
had deeded It to her.
Breyer now declares that *he obtained
the deed fraudulently from him, and to
day he began suit to have it set aside
The property in question is worth several
thousand dollars. Breyer alleges he exe
cuted the deed to his wife- in September,
IMC, but with the distinct understanding
it was not to bo recorded until after his
death. He aPßorts Fhe will now appro
priate the rents and profits of the place,
and he asks for an injunction preventing
her from doing so. It Is also asked that
the deed be canceled.
It Is said tiat papers are also being pre
pared by which Breyor will sue his wife
for a divorce. The couple were married
In Pennsylvania In itM and have two
frown sons.
Wnlker Rflnch Sold.
WAL.NTJT CREEK, Nov. 25.— 0n0 of th*
largest real estate transfers made In this
county for a lone time In the sale of the
John Walker ranch to I. H. Broub a
rattle klnp of Modoc County. The Walker
ranch lies In the shadow of Mount Diablo,
and conslFta of 1375 acres, mostly hill and
pasture land. The pric«? paid for the prop
erty is reported as $40,000.
Railroad Extension.
LAYTONVII.LK. Nov. 2". —A surveying
party of thirty men. in charge of C K.
l<»-ar(lori i» campfi f°ur ini.«.i fri>m here.
The party is making a survey f the pro
nslon nt the Cnllfornla and
m Hallway t.< Eureka. The In.
tentlon Is to touch th«- virpin redw«
Of M<ndoclno, Huniboldt and Trinity
counties.
Brazilian Tariffs.
KIO DE JANEIRO. Nov. ::,.— The Bra-
Ellian Government has notified the
h. Italian and Spanish Oovernments
that Brazil henceforth will adopt differ
ential tariffs against excessive tax« -s <>n
coffee. Negotiations have also been
opened with a view of obtaining treaties
favoring Brazilian product*,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 2f>, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM. [^ Tja^JOCTOgTJM. | THE EMPOiIJTJM. | . the emporium. | THE emporium.
£ Holiday Mail Orders should be sent fiK&Zi CS? «■ -1 --->-. B* m -..---- MJ —.a , I Ask or send for the Holiday Mes-
j; in at the earliest possible moment. WttU&k HL^ -OT -^fcf T^_B &*9 # -ti ##^ MM FRF »«nger. A little booklet which g/rei
J* If you delay, the very thing that < v?*^i^^v W_B^-Pfl«W «7 _Pfl Hfefc^? ssW-NI %# V M M aWaTBaWaT a thousand hints of suitable gifts
$ you want may be sold and no chance IXX^T^T^K 1 Beginning TO-MorrOW, Monday, lor mother, father, tister. brothtr.
to send for another for you before /TjJ. ™»*r\\ Beginning TO-MOrrOW, Monday, sweetheart, fnend and the chil-
Chnstmas. Order now. HC WUI H ° ld ReCOptlOnS '™-
? nt. - 4 in the third i iTTijrffo> Daily— 9 to 12 a. m., 2tosp. m. *j" 1. — t
v UhriStmas Beotio " 101 0 //; | ♦r\H| MT Every child acoorapanied by parent or guardian who visits Santa Clans in Thanksgiving PiCS,
g Suggestions, the left of w^iv /K.u"^/m his quarters on the second floor will be presented with a box of good, Cakes and Candy.
£ the main entrance ani on the center ft'.-^A l£m}/JXtl\ A wholesome candy. *
g table on the main aisle will be found Hffi£hGttsM '*\ Thos* who can d . their Holiday Shopping now not only enjoy the first pick *°» oar own exter,. .r-^A^
f tnese and l.unireds of othe dam ' 'Wi^^*^ Q and the ; .wane, of finding what tnoy ar , loMo " for ' bnt they aso e/c.pe th. discom- »ye bakery kß | _Ms>» .^S
j^ articles, 6U table for holiday gifts I Afc'^^llf / * '^W^ fort that eren nan immenil « systematically condact*! .tore like thU c .nnot be avoided candy shop in the jf 1 y|' rl'^»
h Fanoy Pin Cushions— lac* and /VV\*'*Y!i ]•( '•' 'jcJ during the two weeks prtoedinz Christmas. Tho Store forOO has baen increased by basement, kept as -* a Lj£2&>>^' I*'1 *'
J» ribbon trimmed, hand-painted satin, X'rV' >> ' "r* %t^ hundreds — we are ready. clean and neat as
*>* We to $7.50 "f*f ** l 3 tha rafn y day Shopping plaoo par excellence— everything you a private kitchen, th» rpT''
h Celluloid Necktie, Glove, Veil and U ""»'*• wan der on«» roof— a phco to lunch, places to rest, to writ, ht'erj. to telephone, to same appetizing pantries as ■ 7f\ * ;
%! Handkerchief BOXOS. hand painted. Nrt-o- oheck parcels, buy theater tickets, etc., etc. Courteous service — prompt deliveries served daily in th» Ca'«. I L<7 f
*>* ribbon trimmed, satin lined, 25c to — " — ~" " — — > Mince and Pumpkin !'; ■ , ft-*/
J. $3m50 f** m m ~± m special Thanks^: siz»... Jj\f\
% T?l^^^;:J Real Lace Scarfs *& "*SS^22^^
Jf iiT.'^i^Konft^n 1 " Monday, and until entire lot is sold, 600 /dm agggftCtEi 4OC
$ box, 25c to $/.25 Dl 1 C«. 'LI C £ j. .1-1 c feS^f»R\{vW decorate}, any sin require! wit^nt
|Do Goiiar — _ v Black Spanish Lace Scarfs at one-third offMppv u£?£2*!!zni 188
I -" 8^ tSff^-g^^y their actual values. fSi^^ made, per lb 35C
* of"a* It? "^^^^ 1^ The balance of a manufacturer's entire stock of Spanish Hand-run Silk Lace $L^»Wi^^oA Bnttercn P' and all .Jmilar can ie,. rr..^
>; everybody » faring the-, we hay. Scarfs--the finest quality made-averaging from 18 to 24 inches in width and Q§L<§9 *I\tf£sßf h «i«y.p.r .b 25C
com* charming ones for ths holidays, from 22 to 333 3 yards in — sufficiently large for waist draping or skirt flounces. <£•/" ~
s trimmed with German silver or gilt, 750 Lace Scarfs 29c $J. 2 , Lace 5carf ....450 $3.50 Lace Searf!~*f.2s $4.00 Lace Scarfs..^ 1.68 Hnlliriz*** The aricMtkat we
V fastened with padlock leather or $1.00 Lace Scarfs 390 $2.50 Lac. Scarfs 98 $3.75 Lace Serf. $1.38 nOUOBy " t *?^ h Vi^3
& chamois .kin lined, each eOc to — — — brOPPi*iiio q • -re for these goo.l
» 553 SO _- . * M -^ *** •***«»**•?» thing* to eat area
I g— *f*j*f am**, with obTj^ Flannelette Gowns Holiday we sen hundred, of • Holiday a™ 7 o» thinMn Z _5? :n ww L melT " w< ; ; 'T ri ThlBk!1 "
i SIS ?.^fes| Wool-Knit Skirts. Suit SiffiVSATS MiUmiry. KSSt ■J|V'° : »- cI With tho " '"
§ Sfr.'S l^^ WW2 F.annelette Gown, mad. of Patter. ZZTIT^ £ ' C Ij T.ffi WISBSi j^
* $6 and «« 75 _Wtet'i r *^i* Amoskeag Tennis ters. These pattern suits include the Three line, of beau- jr^^iyr Dart. large /C 7 l < /
i GollarcU.es ■■ : %itimWm Flannel, pearl but- finest dress fabrics male, stylish weaves ties are specially re- CM*// anl ee i_. A*^7/^N
8 steel " naif h-a-a tur- % tons, aiw. 14 to 17. £« in pai: materials, came/a hair, home- duced in price tni. £V±,A nViy'rr /S ° /^/'//''iX
J. suolse and pearl .worked V^ pink and blue atripjs. <>V spun,, Socles, crepona and silk and week, perhaps Just g^jg NTT^ th. ' J^SSIL'S^
ton black vet, 6-inch %V% V p «<=»»... 75 ° /^fjU* X wool novelties, they come put up in what you w-nt ia<^^^> bLstlK f?fV
cut steel fringe CS^ko Extra heavy FanF ' ann * - [[l'JV\\\^\ neat boxei and rang, i , price from among the lot. QT^^rT D*at. 1b...^.... _ /X^£/'
X C # st^l fringe ....55.50 ette Gown», unusu- £'S4 r #ftl? Cff /in <« tf Iff nn /. : $18.60 Trimm. • Hats. T*" V^J /3 ° "f^P^^.
Gtlts for Everybody On the ally wide and long, ft l UMjSffl $0.00 to 935.000m0h. now $9.45 *r if/ ALMONDS, k^.^l_jW*^Sl3
f. mA <2v^^\_ long *?" three styles, two* (V, J! ,' ?Ij , $16.60 Trimm d HaU. Wy^C^Afy n^w cr  thehegt.lb /5 ?
J |\V\ S sJg^&^"* blesin with braid trimming ./jJT,, 1 / &nnkf*t #7/>olr« A * plan lid now -$12.43 t #P^ PLUM FUDDIKG, G;rJon and Dllw rtV*
5 31 J*y^^=SS^ th e main and one ike cut with 'V' I *? O ZS: BOOKS fssortmeit $20.00 Trimmed Hats. ' T : ; Ib. ti-sCO-; 2 lb 4 .40: 1 1b...220
_;! /11v^*«K. yCW »i» 1 « . .quare neck edged "f iHWW il OH?! Bat)S. of fins now $14.25 PLUM PUDDINGS, home made, .acn
* T^'iN /'V vWfi-rS fcnndre( | 9 with Torchon lace, ' ' i\\\\» % leather goods, many of the pieces fin- Extra Special '—Mines' Trimmed 4Qc
*t Al/A 1 / 'V ' i» :i "-'iLT?W # ° Ye '" in a variety of color- .|'M n .shed with si.ver corners and sterling sil- Hats, of felt, with large taffeta or all- CLUSTER RAMN\>. 5 ,b. . c © /.OO
»> -/^J>P ■'■^4A^jJ* 9  ings and neat pat- Mil \ v r htters. silk v Ivet bowi and folds, handsome RAISIN.-*, London layer, sp. tox.-«
, or ** .mall terns, each..s/>OO |»|lii'M» |1 ii'M \ Combination pocket book and oard ca3e, qu 11 like cut, value for $4.50, special - 75c
E* f«.rK^.f™. . tll v. prices Fbnne'-tte Gown with I'JV'lf' in genuine alligator leather ereea or tins week at $2.75 MI.WE MEAT, new, 3 Ib. jini 330
tf for Christmas presents. It I* perhaps need- gathered back and I), >,IL] > rown silver corners, each...... $1.00 Assorted lots of 60c and 60c fine W.nter DATES Mt FaH. fr, r -t.jffln,». /So
* lea, to .ay t hat the^ most at t-a Otl go tnckei yoke, very vMuji^ Grain Leather Chttelaine BageTsquare Ro.es, in all the popalar shades of all- POULTRY DRESSING. 8.-.l's. tin... / 3o
-, flrrt. Make an early selection. Cigar- wide, full" cut. heavy *^^ shape fine qua'ity. eaoh ...750 B * k . *■ and valvet anl French CRANBERRIES, cc* crop Cipe Cxi
£ liTir i! e T; Pl 2 r M IM [ C ; weight material, a Fin. quality of Calf Leather Muilc R.IU. Crush Roses, sped .l on Monday quvt 100
ilaa i 7 tV r f 9emble f nionk/ lendid traveling garment $1.25 all colors, each $UOO orly 250 GLACE CITRON, best, Ib ISO
J. head-, dainty litte rose iow.s from 100 All-woo! Knit Skirts, blue and white, red *' mUU ____________ . BEST PEELS. Orange o- L^mon. /Flo
S : w ? ; e p ;: f t n h.; loofTiii^T^Js; :: a nn c dd h white and b! " and red s} ri oo smoking ""y -tock HoUday Thou MOLAgSES b - »- or».«», 750
I S3£S "3«f=3s?3fe S?3«S«:Se *- —^^S : : -— • !f*
a- 3 pl^i^p „ ... ................^# 5O ,ot wool Eider-downs, oew Velourg, kerohi.fs. purchased especially for the
S- of dainty imported Optra Bags, f *ncy * !th 00l0red " trlpM * tm 73 'f^ P^t- V FV pn< ;! ? dvant »^ at jmmenBej mmen8e P^chasei " J"'"*** celhnt Tabe Winr.
ft 1 silks, satins and burnt leathery many fared Coverts. Tel- 4 TLf con (i bring us, and offer yon values like LiqUOrS. an! , h 9 CHer for
J. of them with th. new rod tops. O.i'. __ , VJrl. *?. A ?''* m . ix ." */vs?\ $ he f.*T-. , „JL .. , . your mince meat at the Enp ri l,w
5- re:ty burnt leather bag. silk-lined, is VaIUCS x&SA tores, also some high / V^{k  Lilies' Sheer Lawn Handkerchiefs, hem- ncals prices.
tf marked $3.25. An embroilered Black in Dolls. ffr^ftn* ZlVh AZii%™Z l l } V\M^ stitched and narrow Vaienciennea .1--. Moore A. A. B>urbon WhUk-y.
J. Ducheue Satin, lined with than -some Hi UOiiS. Jl±}£&> Scotch double-faced f / edge, each .... 100 bottle 95
6 shade of green with silk ribbon string. Here «# two or f^MWP coth9 - /J JW^ Ladies' Sheer Lawn Handkerchiefs, hem- New sweet Cider, gallon.. . . 45«
£ i* marked 92 5O three 1-b-p of til A>i^*WL £h. Prices V^/i?/ Hitched, Swiss embroidered, with V - Eastern Boi el Cider, gal on $1.2, bof
£. O:h.r Op:ra B*gs to 53.00. to dress-dolls that [*£*&'"!%{ VT'ZZZ 7^^N9'/ T l«nc«ennes lace edge, each 150 tie „ 300
J. " f are not .as. 7 broken, COJf/ 'I 'A. ***P9* FW ,? Ladies' All-;inen Hemstitched Handker- Port Wine. 7 year. old. g illon.S /750
S Holiday Enough to stock J5{ Br i". Bd^{Sj i^^^ 1/^oo° I f-Vgt^L^ Angelica A. A. A. e,tra quali^ g.g
Perfumery.-^;^ ffi^&q§B£& '- "'l&M^^fe z^c^T^. gjg
rr a p aVra;^ S.^^ % sttraSi! IfT n Pa^ /Or -^ on - half — b ™^-;^ sauteVn n ;;7n-7,;;"e;t- , . 5O r °
t- perfume and package if sachet powder "T5 Bho ,V »•><! 'iff One-Quarter Off. M ;V.''nY;;n' "whiV;"or '^lnr^'^ 0 /l*^ " wlEe.w 1E e. g.llon 730
g in fancy box.. .; 380 .t.^kinn s'eeclni >> T, maKe room for car- HwdkerchSS-^ *° r C ° lored bord " Ohamoagne, imported Geo.Goubt.
J. Large bottle of perfume, variety of fins askings, s eeplng jXfl- loads of new stock « i, t.»h 7 « while our p. e<ent sn P pl7 iMtßfi MtBf ease of
ar odor., put in fancy box-*, each 35c 'nuinches. SDP ! 9 "«/,, we place on »'. 1 fo- 2& 1. Z h tn°> ' 2 dozen pints, $23.00, sin^l • pint.,
* Genuine cut *las* bottle, lei with ex- " l^ch.s " Vie $& this week 35 Parhr I for 25c Al* i%» «,:•"-•:•"" 51.25
I client guilty of perfume. 53 SSBl^^|ToB Jg •£?£ 5' Men's r ,n^He a m h s^el l5 H andker- "SS^S^SS OO
S' Bazaar. ii^d 23inche51 *2.50 UI. L_JS? r Sdit " 6 ' ,J! !£J' Men's White He M titchod 9L70
t Jinane-e Bataar In th. (^%VS Paplor Macho Dolls- Jointed /W\ //s^|fe^==7^ "v '" -erchiefs, 15 ° each. 2 for 25c, or each -•■.--.--
re£ ■? ? thJ "aiJ floor / ) / at neck, arms hip and knees, bisque f/,- W -LSISSSS SSh. M^P^siik-or'-Fancy^eVeff? Sterling Our low price, on
V presents one oMhe m» \ fifi&M* head*, sleeping e*es. 8 inches lon2. ifl TffJT^^^^^ JnrW Mea '» P'^ Silk or Fancy Bordered Silk &SI*WC%— this clas* of goo<ia
* i'"wt*niH«°id.'X'i''a^i»V V very special value at 25C \\ /^Wf H^ITP 32? Handkerchiefs. 75c, 60c and 250 9UVer are beyond compe-
g SrS?.^ VV I SS f h % S |K>\ Fixed^eyLjeng hl2 i.che 2SC t tss »« rt ** ™™ Handkerchiefs, 50c an, No veltiCS. o .^_
»; contemplate aending «'. / V J Bleep eyes, rin.-let wte, .ho** -ml , « , , sterad ""* * ° on an Iwe strongly adv'iie buvingnow
J iresents to Extern ffti&jM •tockinea. lenzth 13 inches...3OC '" J°° d «' P m 5. 'f" COl ° ' m Mm 9 while stock is complete, an : ispecnly
£ friends some of the U\>*^, Jointed Dolls Fine qual.ty, "g alarl y ?Bd. 00, this week OJ^ S 'f joa want to have th- article, enVar^
_*L_qna>nt_Oriental product^ J I bah and jockaUoint-aleepins ™ d p^""^;' "y""! 926.73 COVCH « before Chriatmia. All sbrlin, \i«,r
g which cost co mu:h In (f \p- mohair wigs, flVe chemise- PbtlotSui t-5 p iece -flnßhr X-ZL, f+L*4^ -S \ frcs* Wtui fr, t of cka%t
I?• ti\ " d 8 ° h " !e J v 9 inches «c Sswl *M ' k T-pe3trv re^ularlv TOpCoatS. § Button Hooks, Nil! Hies, ofrn.^ RolV
J, here, will be very accept- lLinoVe.' *""?2o oV ?' thls 9 we s ek 533.75 An unrivaled assort- \V/ B otter*. Letter Owners. Stamp Mo M-
i able. CloiseonneandSat- }JH bch " «ToO P^°f ? Si? pI O C , mahogany fr ™ . ment in m iny grades and J^ enen. etc.. etc.-250.35c ,sOc
I suma wire-odor new-ivoriea, ebonlea, Jr inches ;::;;; l : Ii S3- "S k Dai r-^ul^rly styl.-s at popular prices. /iFX BKSr.s2P tea »
g. rich silken Tea Gowns ._* Jackets }| f{'|g ps f J - Q 0 '. f thU a w . cek ; £18.75 Aurora Melton Top f JTJ I In, to th. .1 •or design
_• Lacquered ware. Oriental Bronres, etc., in. •■SI. **«'§« Pa" Suit-3 pieces mihogany frames. Coats, for boys 3to 8 VnT'l of the article. _.
£ are amoa 2 the tsous.mda of suitable Myi incnes_.. 9^. _££> upholuered in silk tapestry. re:ulatl7 years ' kltj Solid Silver Back Brush and • >
J, gifts in this the most beautiful Oriental $ P0 (»0. thl * o week 922.50 $3.95 and $2.95 I P I El. Combs, in sa»i- - lined H
fc . Baaaar in California. Parlor Suit— B pieces, mah^any frames. Ai -wool Covert Top '•TV.-r/ boxes— s2.oo to $9.00 SJ?
* ■ GlaSSWare, Thebi ? ore npholstereJ in green plush with Coats, with plain collar. LAL ? Solid Silver Top Puff Boxes S
I Thanksgiving Lamps, etc. maKeB , a " olia y f , mb Oldered back - re « nlar 7 555 00. 55.00, *«.*d Dl -$1.00, $i.:o. I
* "***"**>tJlving LampS, etU. dieplay of thu wee* 941.25 and $3.05 A\, 35 OO
5 FOOtballS. beautiful American Cut G ass Ware. 50 Upholstered Chairs— All-wool Covert Top £l. fV Till! I 111 ll satin -"lined S
» We carry the _^s Bronies, Bric-a-brac. Lamps Chinaware," ceptio i, R man. Corner and Arm. all Coat with velvet col- box?.— set of 6pc let P^
»' reaulation * t0 - The cut glass i* very moderately st>l ? s ani shape., regularly $20 00, lars.. $6.00, $5.00 an 1 $3.95 $4.00 to $6.00; 801 l * -'-
% Footballs . ">>L priced, as t h.ono item ouotsd w I. show: p^.^-Ono-auartorOii »••*»•• all in th, nebbv tan -is Match Boxe,- J^
, . _. .-rfs ; llrt Genuin American but dU-s Water Hot. rarior laotO- Oik or mahotranv ,i,j.. .^ « «., ti nn »-, c; /i/» S\l
i q4i° PP m P ent fc^gffl™ t.e. latest de^n of citing... s3. 7 s ftnian. 2 >inch patterned top. cnKld ottijl/VJ'TZ t l°7~ P T t , °' >
\ oVhVoAi *Qa3' 2,7-SSS- iS (A ™ ~=^ • '- 5 Boys' Suits Have taken c rr^^O^i
$ a ml P t a he B "articles mentioned in the .old decoration V^J6/ Splendid Not -to -be - dupli- Reduced. BovV^r
V brief "ad" will mike much appreciated Th'iV handsome Par'or PS' Uarfiet cated prices on Car- gui handsome novelties made of ukMS—S~ TV-— n
j.aSggg^* "tgafiK t Offerings. w- f ; r f ign r^,?"',^ and e5e 5 ! ega^ in SSSSU-,iHs
g Boxing G.oves Boys c - |asn b . owl> Md ,7^ have been notinid by fhe mflls of a large ;_fi\"J_ls] i^;_^ ex r' ink s f ollar^ Underwear. Hosiery De-
** BoxT; gTo;;7 M n'B * ° 10 inch globe, tint d //M^V. advance in prices, but while our immense S" !?!'?/ ™J k '' i " I J i - n whlC a kk w * partment-seoond action to ri/htof
. Governs in pink with fl wer jß«fci^. stock purchased before this advance 'l^ZVL^n^f'^^ main entrance-makes a display of .ea-
l FooVbai;""Vj;beV • " SO decoration, polished -^JQ^// la , tB . prices will remain th. same as I™ CB^the Br ST to «o°«n son 1599 Underwear and Hosiery, which
% „ !SI.W. 85V;7^:'60o".'ndsdo bra M foot and li, tout «jf / heretofore. have cut the price to $ 0 .50 include, every grade and kind. If by
I Football* ieath r, association Hhape ... oil pot.rehab c center «^^^^^ Tipestry Carpets, with borders to match, 1,-^.^. TT" P chance we haven't got the kind yon want
Ji2 7>7 > 8' 00 $125 SI 15 mi nrk draft llUrnfr ' a flr;a tine line of patterns, good heavy qua!- Iff CCltan i G3l St am En K'"nes we will pet it for »ou.
* Footballs Rn^bvahap'e • /iUO and Meful P' Ment $6.50 ity. per yard ..550 T\r--_---. that will oper ' Laiies' Spun .m k Richelieu Ribbed Vests
?' $4 os 2 00 $125 $115 "'Ml fin Met*. Urns, a new and V-eautifu line, Other lines as 10-c js 4^ yard. M OySm at * miniature —cream, pink, sky blue, car-iini'.
5: Punching Bar«. sit;* » ends ' delicately tinted _ ich gold tr mminira. Tapestry Carpet, best qn.l ity of ten- . • machinery, lo- lavender, bronze or black— each. 850
a- £go 6 $'50 t2.(ML*iaif*9J« • ach — $3.75 to &15.00 wire Axmin.ter effects in th. newest comotiyea that go wh-xxlng around on Ladies' Imported Swiss Ribbed Cash-
2' Punohi'n-Baes'doube'encis " shades and patterns, per yard.... circular and kite-shape tracks, animaU mare Merino Vesta-non-shrinkabl?,
X 1 nuon.n "*5 so' oouoe f2,Bo*'«V"«i'/ : i ttt == *^ uina Axminster Carpet. Smith's manufacture, that walk and many other instructive high neck, lon aleeves— cream, natu-
& Bas'ebailMits 250 to «T"in 3^ Havi " a 80 ft deep pile carpet, very hand- „ and curious mechanical toy.. ral. black or pink- th, best that can
I B '"ball infl*d"r';"g V oves 2JS^~^%)^\ land pome, borders to match, per yard.«so Mechanical Locomotive, circular track^ possibly be sold at th* price.. ..$1.15
$ S3 00 $100 75c750e"2(«0 W^'W''*- >/^ decor- Body Brussels, a very heavy Carpet, that  *c l ? ••;••; $2.00 Ladies' Imported Lisle Hoae— Hermsdarf
I Bi B ebali;::*l.(K)'7B- 50c, 25cl'of 3o L lp=p^Sf3^ •*••» will give long, satisfactory wear, Mechanical Locomotive, kite-shape track^ black and all the lateat .hade, of col-
j, aaße D aus..»i.w, to., quo, iuc, so SSSIT U&i^-jT China fl^ raI ' Oriental and Persian effects, * 2 '? J to — ; -- ■• $8.00 oring. such as royal blue, eminance,
» -- ... „ ... "*F^ Dinner aso pretty delft blues, borders to The shove with tunnels, stations and m ? - the new cardinal, assorted tan. pink.
_. Holiday X Man - Mofnl and ».  r^T Set - in match, per vaid $1.20 nals, $3.80 to. ..........^...56.00 sky blue and white, in elaborate as ort-
£' Offer inUS. A^IJZTf the new shape shown in picture. 100 Linen Warp Matting, art designs, rever- *Bo Mechanical Toy But m «t of th. latest lace effects- P? r
X r.H./n n f peces daintily decorated in pink or B ible, variety of shades and "colorings. terflies. Alligator;, LocomotiveiMon- pair sw - o
* the Lace Curtain and Drapery Depart- violet at the very spsclal price for the BP ecial price, per yard 22 UO *'**' Sa ' lor8 ' Birds « Jockeys, Elephant, • ° UO
X TnbloOo'vorsVr nador TnZ com P l9tft "* $25.00 Smyrna Ru,s, alf wod. fringe both Tend? BicTd. Rider., Trolley Cars, Horses QI OVe A convenient way to
| io.m or .it*ary table.. "••—"••. inches, special pri^ch 300 Meohanlcal Toys-Dogs. Orders. pair of roves is to ,enl
$ t^a'"a^"SmtK?fl°f O T°? "Reciprocity" Wehave " *'" 85 Cts, Pish, Swans, Chickens, Sulky and a glove order-yo. m;yn know th
a Cs?C $ ?^ $9'9 '° O hundreds ot \ Uv f "Reciprocity' 1 UOaS. in- £ %J£ $1 O J Mechanical Toym-H what he or -he want-. H, c .r, .ome
« fiano OC^riS, mantel drape*, etc Suits, and every euit has p e,> Bt ,d and able than ever— a . rf^ J,^ cc > cle Rider - Jook.y R,der, down on very good gloves fur Hoi da, rift* •
j. in sateen, auk ana velours, a large and • satisfied the purchase. We offer one. larga shipment / &£?&'>■? Trapeze. Dog and Trainer. Nurse Girl, Ladies' 2-cl<sn Im .t- i Mocb* Gbvei-
g s.tiaf.otor7 assortment^ ranging m . blue two-piece suit for boys Bto 15 just received for •/,%**& "d Negro. B rown,, Medea. Tn. Reindeer G ay,
f J^ti-I'^y: 300 to $5.00 years, serviceable and absolutely al 1 - the holiday trade, &Z jSf „ $1.50
g Cushions. A ... ? 0r ,i»wn. cove redor wool cloth, 00 or fast, seams .ilk sewn extra long choice fKd^W> Etched D " at ? hand-painted China Lidi,,' Imitation Dent Kid""Sow-
g uncovered, all price, from and taped, pants have d on bl. seats selected feather, jßfflP^ &„!_ Tobacco Boxes, Puff Havana. Brown. Champagne or Black
» ,■■"•••■« ———*op to 3-lO.pO and knees, reaching from seam t0 ... m, extra values these: #§§» ~- WWarO. [ oxes. To let Bottles. p«r pair 1 ./so
J. £aco Clfrtelns, Nottingham Real price $SmOQ Back at $8.50. $%W Satin-lined Jewel Boxes. Hair Pin Ladled 2-claap French Sued ?-*£!?
$ Brussels, Rea.lmh I oint and Arab.an, Boys' Knoo Pants, odd lot. mad. $10.50, $12.50 and 917. 50 Trays, etc.. appropriate designs with and dnrk AS caator 2jk ;
I "■"■"■^g.tttrteai iiss=i3fcs=» Na $ t s,s^.. b : a :V2rT6o SteSSsAas P^^ikS
I rffF EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR,
j; California's America's Grandest Store.
56
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 26, 1809
JOHN D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
I' l 1.1 li \ ' i<«\ OFFICE... «nd Third. 9. F.
'iHf|.hiiiif Malm man.
EDITORIAL ROOMS Biff to 221 Steveautoa St
Telephone Mala 1574.
Delivered hi Carrier*; IS Cents Per Week.
»li «If l tiplt-a. ft <>nt». .
Tfrmi hi Mall. Inrladlna Po«rta*ei
IHII.V I (1.1. . ..irludlat *aaday». on.- y enr.. «H no
DAILY CALL (tiw'ladlug «uudfiTt. «l month-. . 3 On
IHII CALL ilm-lodliii: <-andai), 3 montba.. 1.50
11V1I.Y (All. — id Slnsln Month Ma
MXDAY CAXL, our rear 1 ■»«»
Wllhll CAM. Uar War 1.00
All po«tma«(pr« are noihnrlinl to receive
• □)•>(■ rlpitoo*.
Sample coptra ill be forwarded when reqaeited
OAIvI.AMi OFFICE '. ©08 Broadway
C. CBORGB KROGKRSS.
Maaarrr Forcl** A * «-rti»lnH. Maryaetta Balld
• »K. < hli*(u.
HaTW YORK <:oKiin<ipo7rnE?rTi
C. C. CAIII.TU\ Herald Square
■v TORIC niCritESKVTATIVEi
IT.nitV I I KIN* .111 2» Trlbnne Rafldlnic
AMUSEBTEXTS.
Orphean*— Vanerrille.
Columbia— "Why Pmlth I>eft Home"
California— "Tb» Sportlnc Inioheaa."
Orand Opera Houip — .. UaSatta*.**
•riToij— -a.
A!ca*iu^--'M> Friend From India."
Alhambn— "ln Old Kentucky '
Om'H. Zoo and Theater— VaufavflU mrtry afteraooo tad
Olyir.pla. corner Mason and Btta atrixfi*— ArecaaJtlaa.
Central Park— Bter^ilecha** and Conrr lalaad.
Panorana Uat::« .! Vi la Bay. Markat at race near
Zacbth.
Recr**Uoa ■ Bwrbaii t»-4ay. !
VMon ConriOac ParW— Cour»tn« to-day.
Oaldand Racetrack— Ras-*-« to-morrow.
AUCTION SAXES. ,
By Wm. O. iMTße— 2londay, November IT. ml 7 45 p. m, at
la Jlirvard atrav-t.
By Cht*t> [enOMtthall— Noremb«r IS. at T:IO p.
it... ThnromjSbr^d Yearl'n^a anil Two-year-olda. at corner V&a
N'*h avrnu* nod Morkrt street.
OUR DISAPPEARING FORESTS.
NOW that public attention has been directed to
the rapid destruction of our forests evidence of
the waste is perceived on every side. From ail
portions of the Union come reports of the danger
that threatens. In the lake States it is noted that
the big forests of white pine, once considered inex
haustible, are now so near gone it is believed Michi
gan and Wisconsin will no longer be able to furnish
the supply expected from them, and that Minnesota
uiil within a year or two have to meet nearly the
whoic demand for that kind of limber. I: that be so
it will nut be long before the Minnesota pineries mil
be exhausted nnle«s the steps now taken to conserve
thrm be carried out on a comprehensive scale,
Pro:'es«or Fcrnow of the National Department of
Agriculture has recently directed attention to the fact
jhat the figures given concerning our forests are mis
leading, inasmuch as a large portion of that area has
been burned over or in other ways deprived of woods.
According to the records we have j50.000.000 acres of
forest sgamst 490.000.000 acres in Russia and 46,000,
000 in Austria, but the professor says: "It is well
known to everybody who is acquainted with our for
ests that they cannot compare in yield with the aver
age European Continental forests under systematic
roanrqrmcr.t. Much of what is reported as forests i«
useless brash land, or open woods, and depredate in
its capacity for wood production by annual fires, by
which the physical structure of the leaf mold is de
•troyed, and thus, too, its capacity for storing need
ful moisture, reducing wood production and killing
all young growth."
We have here another statement from an official
authority of the urgent importance of a comprehensive
supervision and protection of our forest lands. It is
by no means to our credit tliat countries supposed to
be so backward when compared to the United States
as Russia and Austria are making more profit out of
their forests than we out of ours and at the same
rime preserving them while we m destroying ours.
The problem is one we cannot afford to overlook,
and sooner or Inter we must deal with it on a com
prehensive scale and in a scientific manner.
THANKSGIVING IN fILfISKfI.
SOME very lively comment has been forth
coming from' captious critics concerning the
terms in jvhich several Governors have followed
the President in calling upon the people to observe
nrxt Thursday as a day of thanksgiving and rejoicing.
In the proclamation of Governor Roosevelt of New
York, for example, it has been noted that the name
of the Almighty does not appear, so that doubts are
expressed whether thanks for prosperity in that State
are to be given to the Governor or to the farmer who
raises the turkeys.
:: hr Greeted against the lan
r.ra'ly. Governor of Alaska. His
• - • anks for about
| that makes up the Alaskan environment,
ng the n. r the snow. Hie C, - ov
■
"We, here in Alaska, have good reason for render-
Ins praise and thanksgiving to Almighty God. We
rejoice with our friends and relatives in the States
that they have been blest with abundant harvests
and that they are enjoying ■ period of wonderful pros
perity. We arc thankful th.it Alaska is a Land of
Promise. Here God has gendered the treasures of
•now and hail. The dust of fine gold has he strewn
over the valleys, aye even over the strands of the sea,
and many hundreds have been rewarded for their toiL
He has made veins in the mountains for the precious
ore«. The earth Rives forth iron and coal, and the
very stones yield their share of copper. Grass and
mo<s have not failed, and the Ma has bountifully en
riched m from its stores. Surely we can rejoice with
thanksgiving.
Now if Alaskans can give thanks for the treasures
of mow and hail, surely we can give them even more
r.bundantly for the blessings of our climate, for we
have snow and hail in the mountains and sunshine
in the valleys. We lark not golden sands, nor moss,
for the gold is brought forth by the enterprising and
the mojs gathers on the backs of the Silurians. With
Ateska, therefore, we can have full sympathy, and
fince they are to rejoice that we have had abundant
l:nrv-c«ts we can rejoice that they live in a land of
promise. Between ourselves and the Alaskans there
is indeed the triple bond of country, of kinship and
of business relations. By each of those ties our pros
perity is bound up with theirs, and it will add much
to the rejoicing here to know that they have so much
to be thankful for up there.
THE CUBAN PROBLEM.
THE campaign of education designed to bring
the American people up to the understanding
that the benevolent assimilation of Cuba to the
United States is a part of the white man's burden
i imposed upon us by divine providence goes on apace.
: It will be in full blast by the time Congress gets ready
to consider our relations to the Cubans, and its lead
ers will be prepared with abundant testimony to show
first that the people of the island are unfit for a re
an form of government, and second that they
will make good citizens of the United States.
General Ludlow in a recent address before the New
York Chamber of Commerce is reported to have
said: "The present generation will have to pass away
before the Cubans can form a stable government." A
free Cuba would soon become a second Hayti ac
cording to his judgment, and we must out of respect
for the welfare of the island continue to exercise su
pervision and authority there.
The problem involved in the situation is that at
present we are occupying Cuba as a military posses
sion. Is it an independent state or a subject province?
Practically it is an island without a government, and
such law as prevails is that which our armies enforce.
What form of government is to follow the military
regime? If we intend a free Cuba we have no right
to organize a civil government for the island as a
part of the United States; on the other hand, if we
intend to annex it the sooner we provide for it some
form of civil administration the better. The Cubans
no doubt like us very well and have no desire to re
sist our troops by insurrection, but it is not in the
nature of any people to be long satisfied with military
rule, and consequently if we are to keep peace in the
island it will be necessary to come to some conclusion
about the government at once.
The annexationists are not agreed as to the course
which should be pursued in the matter. Some of them
favor a continuance of the military government,
partly because that will keep the problems of the
island out of the arena of Congressional discussion
and thus enable the annexation movement to go along
silently until the fact is accomplished. On the other
hand, some of the more ardent among them would
like Congress to establish a civil government in the
isbnd at once, because such action would imply that
has become a part of our nation and is subject
to our legislation.
It will be well for the American people to give hr e ;l
to the various schemes advanced by the imperialists
:'or the ultimate annexation of Cuba. It is an iwie
h in some respects is more important even than
the Philippines. Cuba is too near our shores, too rich
and t< o popu' • rrned long as a purely
• ry colony. If we hold it there v. !>e an
•o admit it as a State. We shall then have
a nrw tor to reckon with in our Presidential elec
and in c!o>e contests the votes of Cuba might
h candidate should be the chief magis
trate of the rq
Local P. .lire Courts have recently berome the scene
for the recital of the conquests of city "ma«hers " A
administered outride of
the courts might prove to be a more effective remedy
than ha* yet been I
fl BOOM FOR SULZER.
S I*I.7 RR of New York has been lifted up before
the public as Tammany's candidate for the
Sj.eakership of the House of Representative,.
It il : • ' • • ira to Snlzer, to Tammany and to
c world that he cannot be elected, but he may
c Democratic nomination, and that would carry
lership oi the Democratic party in the
l!ou«e, with such small honors and emoluments v
may attach to that position.
The boom, we are told, mi branched in New '
' r ' ' ' • 'Klit, in v.
Richard Cl (ward Murphy, all the Democratic
c State and a host of other digiii
rty were present. Cr<>ker acted as toon
r the 1 reported to have spoken of
Sailer's :< - debater, of his lenrice
« the As ■ tate, of his career in the
Hou^t of Repre-ent.itives and of hit fidelity to Wil
liam J. Bryan. The other participants in the fea^t
'•r's lead and it was a right of glory
for Subrr.
The New York candidate trill find some strong
rivals to* contest with him the honor of the leadership
to which he aspires. Bailey of Texas is out of the
field, but, nevertheless, the South has three candidates
for the place— Bankhead of Alabama, DeArmond of
Missouri and Richardson of Tennessee. Each of
these has apparently a better chance than Sulzcr, for
the Democratic Representatives in this Congress are
.nostly from the Southern States, and therefore a
Southern man is likely to be chosen. Tammany, how
ever, is very good at political management, and it is
laid that before setting up a candidate of their own
for the place the Tammany leaders made a canvass
of the Democrats of the House and found they have
a good chance to win.
As a candidate Sulzer will represent straightout
Bryanism. Croicer did not in any way misrepresent
his record when he described Sulzer as I faithful fol
lower of the Nebraska orator and the free silver star.
In the days when Tammany itself was opposed to free
silver Sulzer stood up manfully for the Chicago plat
form. If, then, the three-cornered fight among the
Southerners result in hopeless divisions, the New
York man may win, and Sulzer will be in his glory.
So far as practical politics is concerned it can mat
ter little who is chosen to lead the Democrats in this
Congress. They will have but little to do in shaping
legislation, nor is it likely that anything their leader
can do in the House will have influence on the issues
before the country in the coming Presidential election.
There is, in truth, no genuine leadership in cither of
the candidates for the office of nominal leader. As
a contest between Tammany and the South, how
ever, the movement to elect Sulzer will be more or
less interesting and may be watched with some amuse
ment in all parts of the country.
A litigant in the local courts testified the other day
that he needs at least $700 a month to live. He prob
ably did not wish to impress upon the court that his
prospects for a speedy death are most unusually bril
liant.
BRITISH Wflß INSURANCE RISKS.
AMONG the persons who study the reports of
the battles in South Africa with most care
and who exercise the greatest efforts to obtain
exact returns are the great insurance companies with
whom British officers insure their lives before goinf?
fo the front With these men the lists of killed and
wounded are interesting as matters of business, for it
is from them that calculations are made as to what
rate shall be charged for war risks.
Tables have been recently published by London
insurance journals giving the results of the informa
tion they have obtained of the casualties at the three
battles of Dundee, Elandslaagte and Reitfotitein.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26. 1599.
Of these it is said that in the fight at Dundee out of
45<A3 men exposed on the British side 215 were killed
and wounded. Percentage of officers killed to 193
engaged was 5.18; percentage of officers wounded to
those engaged was 11. q*. Altogether 17.10 per cent of
the officers engaged were either killed or wounded.
In the battle of Hlandslaagte 257 were killed or
wounded out of 3605 engaged. Of these thirty-five
1 re officers. At Reitfontetn, with a total strength of
4356. ioS men were killed and wounded. As regards
the three battles, with 387 officers and 13.000 men
about the fighting line, 75 casualties (1937 per cent)
were reported among the officers. Among the men
505 casualties (387 per cent) were reported, 79 prov
ing fatal. Total killed and wounded, 580, or 4.33 per
cent.
All of these battles occurred in October, and the
reports from them had therefore been fairly well
authenticated by the time the tables were made up.
There is reason to believe the later battles have been
even more disastrous to the British. The argument
of the insurance men is designed to justify an increase
in the rate of insurance for officers, against which
there appears to have been raised something of a
protest. It has been asserted that it is unpa
triotic on the part of the companies to take advantage
of the war to make big profits, but in answer the
London Review, speaking for the insurance men,
says:
"Patriotism sounds yen- well, but unless ship
owners let their ships go for less money than they
would in time of peace, contractors charge less for
war material, and mules are purchased for less than
peace prices, and unless in every respect Roods he
come cheaper, it is absurd to expect joint-stock life
insurance companies, as regards their shareholders
and thHr civilian policy-holders, or mutual life offices.
aa regards the vast bulk of thrir policy-holders alone,
to present army officers substantially with a larpe
bonus. But it is a fact that life insurance companies
ft never made any protit on the extra premiums
on ofiicers" policies, and that they do not care about
taking new ones at all except at prohibitory rates. On
the 5 per cent increase taken as the general average
charge we have been able to show that there is every
prospect of the offices losing heavily. This can
hardly be called want of patriotism."
It is also asserted by the insurance men that British
officers expose themselves too much, partly to en
courage their men, partly through pride and partly
from a desire to distinguish themselves and win pro
motion. That, however, is a statement hardly per
tinent to the issue, unless it should be the intention
to charge daring officers a higher rate than cautious
ones.
After a financial policy which has found expression
in a persistent refusal for years John \V. Mackay Ins
been induced to enter the directory of the Southern
Pacific Company. Some of these days Uncle Collis
will have to explain in court the secret of the r1"r 1 "
which gives to his gold bricks such a fasci-
Klitter.
DEMOCRACY AND THE BRYON SHIRT.
\A ARYLAND Democrats. Bashed by their re
/ \ cent victory in the State election, have come
forth with their Governor-elect. John \\
Smith, at their head, to renew the effort to ri-J
Democracy of Bryanism. (iornian is reported to In
a supporter of the movement and is quoted as I
stated to a friend that a sufficient number of anti-
Bryan <ir!egates would be lent to the next national
I convention to prevent the tree silver man from Retting
the two-thirds vote necessary t<>r a nomination.
We have heard much of that kind of talk before.
Last winter the asr was full of it. Anti-Rryan move
ments started in the East and swept up and down thai
section of the country about as frequent and Hi
furious .-is blizzards. They vanished, however, like
i - OWI that blizzards bring. The great Democratic
banquets on Jackson's day and Jefferson's day that
were to have been marked by the elimination of
Bryan from the Den ocrat horizon resulted in quite
a different showing, and the famous $10 fea<t of the
dignitaries at Tammany Hall was eclipsed by the
dollar dinner where Bryan shone and waved his silver
t tonßiic.
We shall believe that M rjrland can organire a
movement to beat Bryan when we perceive the man
1 whom she is to mit up against him rally a force big
I enough to make a in the pen. Re-
I ports made to friends of arrangements to elect to the
convention a sufficient number of ami- Bryan dele
gates to beat him are too vague to be taken seriously.
: The fight against him now is not so strong as it was
last year, f'.r now Tammany has gone over to his side
and no desertions from him of note have been re
corded.
It is of course humiliating to intelligent Democrats
to have the party committed to the leadership of such
a man as Bryan, but so long as the masses and the
bosses wish him it is not easy to see how the intel
ligence of the party is to get rid of him except by
beating him so badly in the coming election that he
will never be heard of again.
It will hardly do to compare the effect of Rryanism
npon Democracy to the- shin of Nessos, for the Greek
tale is too tragic, and besides the simile is so worn
that the shirt itself is threadbare. There is a Xew
England shirt story of the day that fits the
ca<e better. Tt is narrated that one Hiram
Clark, an enterprising resident of Watertown,
Mass., recently devised a one-piece, rubber-lined cot
ton undergarment which was intended to be water
proof. He expected to make a fortune by the sale
of the same to miners, seafaring men and others
whose vocations are pursued in damp or wet places
Unfortunately for Clark, however, when he donned
the new garment and submitted it to a hmt test the
rubber lining melted and stuck to his body so that
the fabric was only removed with the aid of" a pair of
scissors and a scraping knife, and with great pain
to the wearer.
That is about the way the BryanitC shirt is sticking
to Democracy. The thing can be removed with scis
sors and a scraping knife, but it will be with great
pain to the wearer. Moreover, it will require some
body to hold the pationt down while the scraping is
going on. and we doubt the ability of Maryland to
I do it
A German Count, who was commissioned by his
Emperor to follow the American troops through the
! Cuban war for purposes of observation, has concluded
his task with the announcement that the American
' militia system always was and always will be a mys
tery to him. If he could only see our illuminated
Adjutant General Seamans onlrring uniforms what a
flood of light would be thrown on the subject!
The Riverbank capitalist who invested his entire for
tune in a ditch and now hasn't even the ditch to show
for it probably is convinced that there are holes
enough in the ground in which to lose money without
digging new ones.
Judging from the persistency with which the Boer*
continue to shell the British positions, it is natural *o
assume that they take them for peas.
FATHER McKINNON Replies to the statements of THE MONITOR
[The Call publishes communications In
which subjects <.f general interest «r«»
discussed or containing Informatloi I
will l),. of Interest to Its reader*, without
holding lts»-ir responsible mr ih>- oj-.n
ions of the writ- rs j
Kdltor of The <\-.!l l>/» nr Sir: The Mon
itor in H.s IsSUfl Of thr. lMh thought tH to
reproduce ■ scurrilous attack made In the
Northwestern Catholic upon catholic
rhaplams in sjaiieial an<l upon myself in
particular. The attack is given great
prominence, and the Northwestern is
called tv the Monitor Its "esteemed" con
temporary. I infer therefore that th« edi
tor of the Monitor found In the North
western words that voiced his sentiments,
and that he for th;u reason transcribed
them and gave them In his paper the
same prominence they occupied In his
mind.
1 thought nt to reply— not because of the
Monitor but because of the base Insinua
tions contained In the article. I did reply,
and my reply has drawn from the payer
In Its Issue of the 25th an article .ipon
which I feel bound In justice to myself
and to my lriemls to comment. The Moni
tor makes the following Htatements:
First— That it did not make the charge
I protested against. , •■■•■
second -That Father McKlnnon told
Mrs. Funston she might accept a rubs
stolen from one of the churches.
Third— Father McKlnnon la not
justified In dcnylnsf the charges made
against General Metcalf.
Fourth— That Father' McKinnon Insists
that the American army is not In th»j
slightest degree responsible for these out
rages (the looting and desecration of
churches;.
Fifth— That Father McKlnnon Justifies
the soldiers in taking and keeping stolon
articles, because they got them from
Chinese looters.
Sixth— And lastly, the editor of the Mon
itor asks Father McKinnon whether he
made any attempt to use the authority
given him in order to prevent the soldiers
taking home church property got In such
wise.
1 reply seriatim.
I. The editor of the Monitor denies he
made the charge I protested against. I
refer the readers of the Monitor to the.
issue of Saturday, November IS. The
quoted article reads as follows. The
black letter is ours. The people will Judge
whether the Monitor attacked Catholic
chaplains or not:
•«iur esteemed contemporary, the
Northwestern Catholic, la Inclined to take
a cheerful view of Secretary Hoofs re
fusal in s.-r,<l additional Catholic chap
lains to the I'hiltppin«-«. For this re
fusal, it declares, Catholics may
Thankful to God. "The Catholic ehurcn
In America ought to be completely Inde
pendent of the administration. If It la
expected of Catholic chaplains that they
shall lunket around the country and do
the unclean work which belongs t<j
politicians, then n:i army chaplaincy is
no placu IT ■ Catholic pri<--'. If our
Catholic Soldiers serving in th^ imperial
colonies ar>- i> !■••< ivo the ministrations
nf the church, lft H economize In the iii.it
steal cathedrals and select for tiio
work a few prients deemed above
th* temptations of office and of sala
ries." There is some strange infatuation
in the "hideous and damnable massacre '
now proceeding in th* Philippines, avers
.me Journal, that turns the clerical
mind fr«>m solicitude for souls to ■
sumini; anxiety for the salvation of the
administration.
11. Th*- Monitor furthermore thought fit
to reproduce from another paper a malig-
DUrport of which is that
1 fun not only rli«honent but sacrilegious.
.
"Under the <;ii>ti>n "General Funston
Cleared,' a Detroit dally newspaper gives.
editorially, this of t:i»- th<
the famous robe of the Ca!oo< an -
'Rev. W. II I. Reaney, chaplain of the
Olympl mpletely disposed of the
churcn des< i cainst
Oener D ar..i the Kansas volun
teers. Paths* R^anfy says that the
church at Caluocan had been used by the
CHARTER POINTS DISCUSSED.
George D. Squires* Answer to Henry N. Clement.
To the Editor of The Call: In attempt
ing: to construe the civ;! service provi
sions of the new charter in my letter to
you the ether day I had no idea that I
v.as making a personal attack on Mr. 11.
N. Clement, member of the Civil Service
Committee of tho Board of Freeholders
and candidate for Civil Bervlos Commis
sioner at the hands of Mayor Phelan. It
appears, however, from the tone of his
communication published yesterday that
ho considers this civil service business his
aflalr entirely. The promptitude with
which he h:ts sprung the Nevada style
of controversy upon me leaves no other
Conclusion than that ho does not Inter. d
to brook Interference with it uy anybody.
My purpose in addressing you, however,
was nut as Mr. Clement thinKS, 10 con
solo the "push ' though, being the bot
tom dug* in this affair, 1 do not grudge
them ail the consolation they can got out
of my view of. tho law— but to uncover
the person or persons responsible lor Die
civil service faux pas of tut new chartor.
This purpi has been accomplished. Mr.
Clement hu« promptly avowed himself
the author of the Letch by attempting to
defend It. Buch being the case, it is- to
bo hoped that he will drop the Nevada
style of argument and proceed to «'labo
rate a theory of construction by which
the civil service provisions of the new
charter can be made to apply to appoint
ment!) conferred by the heads of the d v
government on January a. it is no
answer to my argument to su.«pec; my
devotion to civil service reform or im
pungo my motives.
The clausu of section 10, article XIII,
quoted by .Mr. Clement does not prove his
case. It has no application whatever to
It. Either he has not read article XI II
lately or he is unable to give legal effect
to the language used in it. Like all the
other sections of article XIII, Mctioa 10
applies to the CLASSIFIED service pro
vided by the charter. 1 defy Mr. Clement to
show by any rational method of reason-
Ing that any of the civil service provisions
ot the new charter apply to any service
except the "classified' 1 service. The Com
missioners are given authority over no
other service and they can grant permis
sion to appoint without examination only
to that service.
What, then, is the true construction of
article XIII? Manifestly it sets op
a system of rules whereby applicants
shall be examined and appointed after
classification. No intelligent person, let
alone ■ lawyer, will, after subjecting ar
ticle XIII to the test of reason, contend
that any other construction can be placed
upon it.
If Mr. Clement will read tho article he
will discover that the very first duty im
posed upon the Civil Service Commis
sioners after appolntemeni la to "classi
fy all the places of employment in or un
der the otlkes and departments of the
city and county mentioned in section li
of this article, with reference to the ex
aminations hereinafter provided for."
(Sec. 2.) The places so classified shall
constitute the civil service of the city
and county, and no appointment to any
such places shall be mads except ac
cording to the rules of the commission.
How can the commission grant permis
sion In case of emergency to make tem
porary appointments to any other than
the classified service? If the charter nad
said In terms that for the purpose of
putting into effect the provisions with
respect. »o a classified civil service the
commission might on the first Mm lay
after the first day of January. IM
grant permission to make temporary ap
pointments the case would have been dif
ferent. But it does not say so. In fact
it says the very opposite, as I have .1
lustrated.
The difficulty with Mr. Clement is that
he Is unfamiliar with the rules of statu
tory construction. He thinks ho haa
made a system which covers the
point I have raised, but he has not
done so, and I will venture to say that
when his work comes to be reviewed by
the courts, as It certainly will be, they
will point out to him that he has neg
lected to rrake provision for giving retro
active effect to his civil service rules.
It la plain that article XIII Is prospect
ive In its operation. First, the Civil Ser
vice Commission Is appointed; then it
classifies the service; then it makes rules;
then it publishes notice for two weeks
that it is about to hold examinations
then, having accumulated a stock of civil
service material. it honors requisitions
from public officials. The government
however, cannot await the perfecting of
this oronasi. it must *o on. The Civil
Filipinos for military purposes some time
before the United States troops arrived.
The church had been thoroughly secular
ized and the natives had stripped it of
everything of value. After the American
troops occupied it somebody discovered a
garment alleged to have been part of the
raiment of a statue of the virgin and
presented it to Mrs. Funston. Father
McKlnnon of the California volunteers
told her there was no Impropriety in her
accepting It, and consequently she kept
It. That is all there Is to the story of
desecration.' " .. , ,
The story Is a lie. I never authorized
any one on an] occasion to retain any
article of church property. How this as
sertion, came out in the Detroit paper I
don't know: nor am 1 much concerned.
One thing I am sure of, though, is that
Father Reaney never made the state
ment. Perhaps there are editors In De
troit, as well as In San Francisco, who
to establish their own pet theories would
neither stop at garbling and misrepre
senting the statements of a priest, nor at
giving unwarranted reliance to the asser
tions of a scoundrel. But. however ob
tained, It is a lie. and the Monitor In re
producing such base insinuations shows
an animus consistent perhaps with yel
low Journalism, and perhaps consistent
with the present editor's Ideas of what
the Catholic organ of San Francisco
should be The paper was not formerly
bo conducted and I am mistaken If the
Catholic people desire that the Monitor
fall from the position and dignity it here
tofore occupied.
111. With regard to the General Metcalf
incident I refer your readers •■• the unim
peachable testimony of reliable witnesses
in Wednesday's and Thursday s dally
papers. There they will find thai the of
ficial Investigation ordered by Major Gen
eral Mac Arthur entirely exonerates Gen
eral Met< from any connection with the
affair. Not only this, but the man on
whose authority the affidavit mentioned'
was made admits that, like the Monitor's
friend Fox, he was drunk and did not
know what he was doing when he was
Induced to sign same.
IV. Concerning the question of church
looting the tdltor of the Monitor says that
I "emphatically stated that the American
army Is not in the slightest uegree re
sporiHlblo for these outrages." This Is
exactly my proposition. This was my
statement from the beginning, and this
I still maintain. I did not deny that loot-
Ing had been done. This I admitted. Till*
every one knows. But, as i fald before,
the American Government Is not responsi
ble.
At the very beginning of the war strict
orders were Issued by all the govern
mental authorities that defaulters In this
respect would be dealt with most severely.
The necessary provisions were made that
this command would not be violated. The
generals of the respective brigades were
warned and they in turn warned those
under them.
I was delegated by the different com
manders under whom I served to see that
no desecration took place. Immediately
upon entering a captured town I went to
the church, took an Inventory of every
thing left by the insurgents and Chines©
looters, had these articles stor-.d away in
the sacristy and locked and sealed the
door of same, then placed a guard over
the church to see that the seal would not
be broken. It Is needless to say that it
never was.
Now, unless the editor of the Monitor
can prove that the American Government
did not do all that could be reasonably
expected in order that the laws might be
observed, he makes an unwarranted asser
tion when he says that the American
authorities were responsible. In fact, so
unwarranted is It that, though like the
donkey mentioned In the editor's fable of
this Issue, he wishes to appear as a lion,
he brays like the other animal.
Now. can he prove that the American
officers In the Philippines did not do thftlr
utmost to see that these laws were ob
served? He cannot. He has made an ef
fort to do so. Week after week he has
filled the pases of the Monitor with the
assertions of men who were as remark
able for their want of veracity as they
were for their wnnt of common sense and
decency. Wf-k after week he has given
one lame argurrent after another to sub
stantiate his own theories about the Phi!-
Service Commission cannot grant any»
body permission to make temporary ap
pointments to any but the classlnea ser
vice, and the service of the city will not
be classified on January b. Hence of ne
cessity the heads of departments will have
to make appointment* under the general
powers given them by the. charter.
How can the Civil Service Commission
force persons who get their appointments
in this way to appear and take the exam
inations? Hew can It force officials to
make requisitions when there are no va
cancies? An office in a certain sense la
property. It Is a right to draw a salary
and a ma: cannot be .rived of It ex
cept by due process of law. Mr. Clcrn
rnt may 'iilnk he ought to be deprived ol
It In such a case as he Imagine*, but
he will find. 1 opine, that his thinker
will not amount to much in a legal con
test.
Mayor Fhelan may be able to enforce
Mr. Clei IS view of article XIII on the
boards and commissions which he will
appoint, since the charter empowers him
to remove any person at will; but noth
ing can be done with the officials elect
ed on November 7 except to persuade
them. I know enough about political hu
man nature and the "pulls" of the
"push," however, to hazard the prediction
that few of them will be persuaded.
re !s one oth«T point In this matter
which may be now to Mr. Clement, and
although I have already consumed too
much space, 1 hop* \ou will permit mo to
advance It for his benefit. If he Is |
come a Civil Service Commissioner ne
will probably later or; I ■ r it lor him
sell
I do not believe that any person ?p
polnted <>n January & in the manner out
lined, however, will be entitled to the
benefit of iirmanetit tenure uf |>.Tt:.
tenure Kh.ill finally be . -
U lav*: "No deputy, clerk or em
ploye In the rlnsnlfiei-] civil *>-rvi< % e of the
city and county WHO SHALL HAVE
BEEN APPOINTED UNDEH SAII>
RULES shaJl b» removed <>r dlsoharpred
except for cause, upon written charges
and after an opportunity to be heard la
his own defense."
All appointments made prior to th%
classification of the service, therefore.,
WOUld be subject to the pleasure of the
appointing power and would continue to
be unprotected by this provision until
made under the rules. If, after the com
mission baa accumulated a sufficient
quantity of civil service material to sup
ply the demand, the head of each depart
ment should discharge his men crraduallt
and fill their positions by requisition, all
places might be brought under the rules.
Hut if Mr. Clement has any Idea that this
will be lone he is living In a fool's para
dise. The "push" was not born yester
day and an office Is a good thing. Very
respectfully,
GEORGE D. SQUIRES.
San Francisco, November 23. 1899.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PAT.MIRTRY-A. D. X.. Eureka. Cnl.
riielroman^y <>r palmistry is of irreat an
tiquity. At one time there were a «rnr\t
No Investment offers the returns that are to be obtained
fit from stock purchased In a legitimate oil company. The pru-
V * dent Investor will not buy. however, until he haa carefully
Investigated every proposition to which his attention may have
»-,*,.-* b ** n ra " Th " **'"* trU '- th St "Mn»; OH and lwe!., P .
lniClcSl ™ nt Com n believe. It I. prrsentlnir an opportunity for
rain that should Interest Intending purchasers of oil .lock.
and ba«s that claim. In part, upon the fact that It. land.
f A whleh is patented. Is located In a proven oil district, with
l " welta m which oil ha- »>een .truck near to and adjoining Its
property: It has an abundant water supply and the benefit
Tn* r./Krt«- of competln, railroad line, for transportation of It. product.
intending * ' ***• ou>er rwwon « j«« a. van d . mm * . <mi— i m
» our prospectus, that Is sent free; M I. also a complete map of
_ ; th<f Farno "» Kern River Oil District We court your Invest!-
Purchasers . SS r,rr:ruT;r r .,'^:'-,'^t,r.'
of STERLING OIL & DEVELOPMENT CO.,
Oil StOCk. U ' U CROCKEB BUILDING. Third Fltor.
Ippines and r r.i~t d"tif>t and 'll<icr««'lt
upon the w onl i ol the < "athol
v.ho, above ;ii other* In the am.
navy, had the nteresta of I
•
Even admitting that the editor of tn*
Monitor could show that there were a few
cases of looting, what would this prove?
Would it prove that the American Gov
ernment failed in Its duty? By no means
Every reasonable man knows that In w.r
many things occur that are lamentahi«
and disastrous. Hence It might easily
happen that an exceptional case of looting
might occur ev«n In the best discipline
armies and un<! the strictest rules. To
deny this the editor of the Monitor wou.rj
make himself as ridiculous in his meffcoi,
of reasoning as he has made himself no
torious for accepting the testimony of low
characters.
V. When one wishes to misunderstand he
can do so. Apparently the editor of thu
i Monitor wishes to misunderstand aie
That were of little consequence did h« not
undertake to misrepresent me to th.j
Catholic people by stating that I Justified
men In keeping stolen goods merely be
cause they got them from Chinese louteri
Calm readers will Judge such statement*
for themselves and will Judge the Moni
tor. too. What I did say was that the
soldiers could come In possession r,f 4
great many ecclesiastical article without
having looted churches to get U.*m. For
the Instruction of the people Ut me ailil
that while some of the towns w*r«- bum-
Ing stores In which church supplies wtr«
sold were often among the buildings de
stroyed. Men could find h»rr rjuantlt>i of
every article used In Catholic worship
and therefore we are not to conclude from
the presence of articles of this kind that
th.- looting of churches was rither whole
1 sale or general as the agitators rt-pret«nt
It to be.
VI. To the editor's last question as to
why Father McKlnnon made no effort to
exercise the power he claim* to have had
to take church prop* whfrrver found?
1 Why he did not exercise it on th* soMlfrs
who were bringing ho many stolen vest
ments and chalices to San Francisco?
Simply because he did not know of ar.y
such articles In their possession. I n«v»r
saw any. and the agitation concerning
them was started after my departure for
th© East. I never even heard about thl»
agitation till the editors of some of th-»
Eastern Catholic papers told me how tM
article written on the authority of Fox
that subsequently appeared In Donoho»"i
Magazine had b»en peddled about amonc
the editor* of Eastern Catholic Journals
looking for a buyer.
The editor of the Monitor speak* of
Inconsistencies and contradictions In ir.v
lecture. We are not surprised to hear him
making such an assertion after wttnes*ln*
all the Inconsistencies and contradictions
in his recei editorial. We have se*n how
he denied that in a previous edltlor. h*
made or sanctioned the assertion that
some Catholic priests were hirelings of
the administration. We have seen how
little authority he had for asserting that
I told Mrs. Funston she might accept a
robe stolen from one of the churches. We
have seen how weak was his contention
when he said I was not Justified In deny-
Ing the charges made against General
Metcalf. We have seen how untrust
worthy and unreliable were the state
ments he made concerning the respon
sibility of the American Government for
the looting and desecration of church**.
We have seen how he forgot to tell th->
truth when he asserted that I Justified the
soldiers in taking and keeping articles be
cause They got them from Chinese loot
ers. We have seen all the contradictions.
Inconsistencies and false statements, and
now all fair-minded readers can draw
' their own conclusions.
One word more to the editor. As %
Christian gentleman, as editor of the San
Francisco Monitor, especially as successor
of a great and learned and true man. th*
public expect more from you than from
the ordinary Individual While trying to
recall a little bit of advice. I cannot think
of any more appropriate to the man or
the occasion than that contained In the
first words of th* moral In the fable of
the donkey and th* lion, which appear*
In your last Issue. R#nd these words an<l
make them the subieet of your next medi
tation. Respectfully yours.
W. D. McKISNON.
many who plarrd faith In th* reading of
the lines of the palms of the handa. As
an Innocent amusement It la all right.
TOMNfT ATKINS M. T, <'|fr. It is
nald that the i<rm "T>>mmy Atkins" mm »
general sobriquet for the British I
cams from a little poefct ■OOSI at on*
time given out to all the soldiers In the
Queen's army. In this b<^>k was to bn
entered a military hi f f the
and with en' !i bonk was a form to guide
the Individual In making the proper en
tries A fictitious name. "Thomas At
kins." wns used. The t»ok wns known
In the army as "Tommy Atkins." and
finally that name was applied to to* sol
dier, and It has clung.
CALIFORN'IA-Subscrlber. Bonlen. Cal.
The area of the State of California.
Including water as well as land surface.
Is ■WO square, mile*. Its extreme
breadth— that is. from east to west— Is 375
miles and It* extreme length that Is.
from north to south— ls 770 miles. Th«
area of the State In acres Is. according to
the United States Surveyor General, divid
ed as follows Agricultural and mineral
land, surveyed to June, ISS2. 61.387.393
acres: agricultural and mineral land*
unsurveyed. 25.211.C01: private grants pat
ented, s .:■>:'.. C' i ; private grants not settled,
241X50; Indian military reservations. 313.
631; lakes. Islands, bays and navigable
river*. 1.531.700; swamp and overflowed
lands. 1.720.730; -alt marsh and tide lands
around San r-Tancisco Bay, 100.000, and
such lands around Humtioldt Bay. SM:
total. 100.fi00.000 acres. hat the actual
population of the State Is will not b»
known until after next June, when the
census shall be taken. On the first day
of last January It was estimated that th»
population was 1.438.300.
» ♦ «
Gutllet's best Ice cream and nrt«l. KS L*rtla.«
» ♦ »
CaL glace fruit 90c per 1b at Townaeod's.*
— » m « — ■
Special Information supplied dally •"»
business bouses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). b'~> Moat
gomery street. Telephone Main MMi •
Dedication of Lights.
To-night there will bo a dedication of
lights by the Congregation Beth Mena
chlm Streisand and a Chanoah festival
In Odd Fellows' Hall in aid of the con
gregation's building fund. The entertain
ment will commence at 8 o clock and
dancing will follow until 1 the next morn-
Ing.
California Limited.
SANTA FE nOUTE— Conn*ctln« tratn !«»*•«
at 5 p. m Monday. Wednesday. Friday and »*t.
urdar. irtvtnf ra» s * n s* r » ample time to ••• Lea
Anir*l<^ ana raJind'-na. Flneit enitrr»-l trmtn
and b*»t track of anr lino to th« East. O#t
nnndyome folder -in.l full particular* at OS
Market »tr»»t
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
Next Wednesday nltrht California Cast!*
No. l of the Kr.lKhLs of the Golden Eagle
will Rive a banquet to Its members an!
a number of friends In one of the promi
nent local restaurants.
Napa Cnstlr Is belnK reoricanUed by
Past ( hW Oliver, who experts in a van
short time to have it In first-class condi
tion again. .... .MISCELLANEOUS.
GREAT EXPECTATIONS
ARE ALWAYS REALIZED f?T
PATTQSIEN'S STORES.
THE GREAT REBUILDING SALE SWEEPS ON AND ON.
— — — — — — — — _
Lady Londonderry s and Rory O'More Rockers Again
on Sale This Christmas.
tf*vJ rv *f ww * ;1 " ~V--<"> At stated in all the San Francisco
YJ ; jjv:^/lvi ,)y'^J ; | j j ) papers, the pre.it necessity under which
T§f Ji£\^~ || PATTOSIEX'S are laboring on ac-
A % 'iiJS h jl count of their great building opera-
li> \\l \r #7 w
\*i \Vi ! / r/ tions has caused a cutting of pr.ces on
fcfprlv;?'. iT^^hr^S a! 1 kirds of f:ne Furniture and House
|Vjl\ i ;; !| | linlJl Furnishings between now and Christ-
'lU^ji^V—gf/fw y es . PATTOSIEN'S are just now
j-^ifl-*^ peculiarly situated. They have re-
\\\ ■y " f\S\ ft \vs ceived about ten carloads of finest Fur-
>^ ' - — y""^^ \ niture and Carpets and House Fur-
VM. \fj O^s^ i\ nishings this month and no room
\v-4? to put it, as the new extension to the
** ' big two-acre store on Sixteenth and
9£Stf2&stt^\fi^ i i& Mission cannot possibly be opened
n ae**fc*6ta either polisbed wood er l«aU»er. ... ,-. .
MJ3, and we pay the freight. until after Christmas.
The two-price combines are roost- v
ir.R high now since they have joined
the National Furniture and Carpet HJU \« > JTI
Trust, and they are trying to drag up it Jj^'j: % mJJJ /
to the perch on which they are roost- A* |\v''i' /* j ¥'
ing the preat mass of buyers. But the Jl \i \ /I ?—«==--_
great rr.a^ of pay-as-you-go people I fl il ifj/f^
hr.ye had already enough of them on WsJ\ \ I Jl /{WjJ
the ground fl >or and they are not go- §)i I\ j f f l{/'/J
ing to go up to increased prices and l^f'X^t^^T ss^^^
increased profits. g "*^Jl^)
No; the great masses of the people \\\/I /f^^^^^T »
will continue to come to PATTO- W^^l^^^^^^^^Ml
SIEN'S in the Mission, to the store \\ |7 /
where safety reclines on every chair, 3
fueetr.ess dreams on every couch, "*
Rory CMort No. 4: same as Ncv • ... 94.25
_ - ■ j -^__^_^ And we pay th« freisht.
-J^(|rj!l| i /^Y luxury, utility and beauty in every
I V'?V / :, feature— in those Parlor Suits, puffing
'Al^ij'iitl^i i U with silk and satin, enticing from
W 1*1 ) sflll I the hands of perfection; and those
V U '<'< ] I Chamber Suits, so solid in their hard-
W^-^ I ~ "t^^^ opened expression, chastened only by
?t^^^ the polish of the highest art into en-
f T~ - • j en-
J I
W'-J'A " J& V ' t daring monuments of home comfort
J,|j | i '^_^i_ =^^,.j/ ( f and usefulness; and those Solid Oak
K^^SYj Y~ /i>^j Wardrobes at $14.00. taking in their
) f^^s^r»m,r^7~^ e^' embrace the wearables of the day and
lVv£Sc^s3S3«|fe^3fcJ\ leaving not a trace to display the awk-
u J==r^ *^\n wardness cf housekeeping.
\y\_ii' —^ It » $ an easy conception of conceit to
Z^- 2 " ""■ thrust special inducements into the
Rorr OXlor* No. f. *»R.i» e« No 1 8-1.23
Ana «r« j,, y the fre;cht. face of experience. That is exactly
mhat the installment combine and ths •
society shops have been doing; trying ,
to fix it on the minds of young hou^c- *V l^jlN i % /t Hm
wives that they could go a-housekeep- il ili/!*^ \r\
ing for little or nothing— and have it \\\ I \\\ ! \\\
charged. Mlli \
In the face of accumulated fraud it \\sl\ ) ' '■} )) s *'
is not easy for a single concern to '^TPTr 1 f^~~ ' ~7f
stand up and fight trusts and com- ft \\V Vfli I \ f I
bir.es single-handed, but PATTO- ' ! lllU , i~-_ I
SI EN'S are doing •. and they are do- Ifts*^ i '*^^*v^*^^|h
ing it successfully. \-^ H^^^^
Those "Ron- If ore" Rockers T\iD^ m^J*"" m — ~~^\i
which PATTOSIEN'S are giving M ! **** iT^^f If
au-ay for $4. 23 — for you can't call it » ..
selling at that price — arc made of solid \^s. -■ L
oak or birch mahogany, piano pol- \^~>^o-.—
ished, and are made to last a life-
time. Of course there are other Rock- norr o-Mor« No. I; OP h*!«ter*<i tprlnr -eat-
ers— hundreds of them— different dc- Ana we pay th- freVchtl *••-•»
Jy*ft*2f!£& 6igns and as high as one wants to go.
"I? JBppft But of all the big bargains which
111 1 \a 11 PATTOSIEX'S are giving away this
1 JrW »■»■/ v m month and next the biggest will be
Wl IS ln thC Curta " 1 and Carpet depart-
fjjjkvjl PATTOSIEN'S Carpets and Cur-
[jfc'fi^g ta '' r ' S nr< " known lhc ci '-y nv er; the
MjW style, the finish and the fine workman-
F?tfft ship arc peculiar features of their
*Wm St ° rrS ' AxminstcrSt M °Q u ettes. Body
"^^^^aj^^ 7^^% W ' Brussels. Roxburys. Stinsons and Lan-
ctL-cSsM /wm m 0 * Or( * tapestries; Engrains and three-
iT^^tlP^^ 5$ ils plys: RuffS and Art Scjuarcs: Lin °-
n ' '* Wff P leums and Oilcloths. The ideal floor-
Jpi^^^^^i I jti&sg' covering for kitchen, restaurants, bar-
y&gy^*^~*Z*-^s* I bioK^^ ber-shops, etc., etc., is INLAID TILE
(M^r LINOLEUM; you cannot wear it out
R«ct gM T.fT; a w">?Al: »'-' ' n a ■■■■.■.■■■.. c 35 laid.
■vOgnn 5482
H l fni v?J Bi^M Eye=(iiasses,
'i5 > *'^2S[f \*il( *iftifii * 3 **¥'J*a' With th» new <-!1p rann't Blip) »-; 1 to dat».
'***- BniMißVMilisaflP^l New ]'jitt«rn« < •; th <;:.-i"s..- ;irrl\:ni; flally.
1n I L— -j— — J ,^Jj r% H H B. Al* Z*i« Stereo Fif!d Olatsrs.
I "/* 2 ifel P*i *• Jl '*i SI A! 1 r>' tman Kodaks cut 22 1-3 per rent.
1& X ® S*S &« rf^ Pk XSBk * OcullfU' rre*rr!i.tlon» RUM. Quick repalrlnr.
J V J S2 Ej ■& |J H«i y Factory on premise*. Fhono. Main 10.
-^ g^"^^^^- OPTICIAIO^Si^MfJui.
era o.^«, rtE^u.Di««,« 4 B™«. 642 Market St. i»»trumeu«
f EKWYROYAL PILLS 642 Market St. — :
ENNYRQYAL PILLS =
/ T/ I lL.**\ ••* rt *l" < "' " °" l>r nr.ckulfv IDDTTC LI IT C FOIt » A ' l r>EnS. liAK -
r7i V>«4M I'cuccin ''■' ourkuMra iM«(uk t>*-SSz, ' nnllilfl Pi lj rrt. bootblackn, i,nth-
r S " ;J c?i" :U ir "** lL Ufd "' °'" J B "" :: " vVJ ' *^ x * ** WIIM ** hmifew. titlllnrJ tawon
It- Jti •t>R.i« — f ' —^ =; —- ••! • hanger*, printer*, rain""- ""',, ractortw.
\W D ••Cillc.r for I.aOl-«."« i »uu^, Ly r-inrm (tablemen tar-roofer». tanner*. ta»or». etc
•\__iP^ M»U. J«.<>O«7~tliai>s<»l« ru^.rr^rr. "' ' BUCHANAN ISUOS..
•*• uXTT^ rffltoi^K? Brush Mar ufocturer*. 009 t.cramcnto St
'lllK SAN IKA.NCIhtO (ALL. >L'.NDAY, NOVEMBEtt 2G. iM>'\
POWERS WANT
THE OPEN DOOR
Important International
Negotiations.
ENGLAND WILL CO-OPERATE
FRANCE ALONE IS HOLDING
BACK.
Marconi's System of Wireless Teleg
raphy Introduced Into the Brit
ish Navy as a Branch
Study.
Copyrighted. :539. by the Associated Pres».
LONDON*. Nov. 23.— As a result of the
United Stales* request to the powers for
assurunees regarding the maintenance of
the "open door" in China the Associated
Press is able to say that negotiations
have been entered Into looking to a mure
I permanent and important international
agreement than yet mooted. Though th©
greatest ofilcSal reticence is observed at
all the capitals regarding the secret
movement there is good ground for be
lieving th. • negotiations have reached a
hopeful •:ite.
• . -*.s current here. In
consequence of Kussla and France falling
to ro; - • r to Washington's
I Btati • • led to take
up th« .:..>rc vieor-
Tha " '-operation of iJre.it Britain
■
a:.d 14 :pon the Initiative nf ihe
:*orts were bet on f t to
assurances to the '
• a dt-:lnlte agreement between
the IJuropeaji powers themst. - :
" mding to the average Buro
pean I . has long seemed U\
Associated Press Is m
guod authority there are fair
chances of Great IJrltaln. Russia, Ger
: tlon with The
ing slgna:
. the sphereb of pollti
:ia and determining
.. policy in that quarter of the
the "open door" principle.
pe of the negotiati
The • : cement may \.<s ret
e m regards territory, in Other
words, districts r.ow controlled, f
■ . may change hands in return f"r
privileges. France apparently has
Ited the greatest opposition to this
ye been ~e
: Russia and her apparent wlli
r Into an agreement with
I States as the factor
I ■ the b< lief that Franca
rlly a stumbling block, fur
If Ru the agr»
.
to follow or r>
th* Far F.ast
It is understood that the United States,
Great Britain and Japan have already ar
rived at a perfect understanding. Ger
many's decision was greatly Iniluen.-ed
by tiie Emperor, who had frequent con.'er
ences on mis Far Eastern problem while j
in England with Joseph H. Choale, United i
Suites Embassador. At the Queen's ban- j
<iu»-t Mr. Choute conversed at length with ]
the Emperor and it is said chiefly ccn- \
fined himself to the question of China. It
'.3 scarcely probable that any oflicial or
s«'nil-offlcial reference will be made to !
this Impovtant undercurrent which pro
gresses publicly under the guise of mere
ly giving rssurances to the United States
until it has assumed such t-hapo that no
hitch is possible.. In the event of the
failure of the negotiations through tne
refusal of Russia or Germany It Is likely
tlie world will never know how near th«
great powers came to settling the great
est problem of the century.
The Transvaal war becomes a matter
of momentary Interest compared with the
Tremendous possibilities dependent on
these exertions which are now occupying I
the diplomats of Europe, and the war '
itself has reached a stage where even
British interest Fomewhat Hags. The ad
vance of the troops to the relief of Lady-
Fmtth, Kimberley and Mafeking is neces
sarily clothed in secrecy, which Is only
broken by the news of desultory engage
ments. The past week seems to have al
tered but little the conditions described in
these dispatches. Even If General White
holds out until relieved it will only re
move a picturesque phase of the campaign
and does not mean that It will hasten Its
end. The Boers, It Is claimed. are- not
likely to risk the deciding battle of the
war until they have got Bullor*B In
vading force Into a position believed to
be favorable to them or until they are
driven into a corner, which promises to
be a matter of months.
The criticism of the methods of the
British army organization has led several
writers to again seriously consider the
advisability of adopting some form of con
scription, but. although a preponderance
of military experts might favor such a
step, the British nation has not yet
reached that stage where it could submit
to such militarism.
Wireless telegraphy— Marconi's system —
has finally been introduced Into the navy
as a branch study. The old hulk Hector,
lying at Portsmouth, has been fitted out
as a school of instruction and signals
from her will be attached to the battle
ship Canopus. which goes to the Mediter
ranean In December, taking war instru
ments as part of her regular equipment.
She Mill be the first British chip to do
this.
■ tter rOCeITSd at his home, written
on the eve of the battle of Elands I
■■• • -var-'.ll trumi - irloek.
cf the Fifth Royal Irish Lancers, who
• three Boers. shows that he lives up
to his word. "All the Other boys,*" wrote
Shurlock. "were Uft ln-hiud at Pleter
1 nm just enjoying mys.-lf
re, and 1 bet I will shoot some
of the Boers down if I get the least
The spefh of James Bryce, If. P . thla
we- k at Aberdeen. wh< n the <
'. a vote r.f confidence lii him. ha*
been the cause of much comm»'tit. lie
ted th*- Liberal case with great fair-
Speaklng in a statesmanlike man
•l laying special stress r.n the
Amer ■ rion. lie showed that self-
Ing colonies could only be retained
by friendliness and n"t by force of arms.
The death of- Lady Salisbury raK
t».» most sincere expressions of sympathy
n for the Premier's per
sonality from all sections. The fears that
-s would cause Ixird Salisbury's pre
••> retirement do not appear I be
>ii fact, although Ixidy Salisbury
. Krrnt aid to him In public life.
• .r •••• I'rivate nattire of the Em
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Famous Hcmcdy for
Ik. I R&t bSD fajrlr
it. Grip With Us *gal.i?
(From N. T. Herald.)
It would appear from reports re-
ceived from practicing physicians In
different parts of the country that Grip
in more or less epidemic form is begin*
nlng to make Its appearance. Th*
sympionm are - lid to be of a distinctly
catarrhal character and to tend toward
pulmonlc complications. This gives the
disease a grave aspect.
"77" taken early cuts It short
promptly.
Taken during its prevalence preoccu.
pi< a the system and prevents Its Inva-
sion.
Taken while suffering from it a cure
is speedily realized,
i I<■ Ml <# nl Dneaitu Bent freo.
For tale by all druKßlKts. or »em on receipt
of i-rlce, tic or five for $1 00.
Humphrey** II >:• ;.u),i- Medicine Co., cor-
net wiiiium and John *t».. New York.
peror's visit to England has prevented it
attracting much public attention, though
any number of rumors are current anent
its diplomatic result. That it will serious
ly affect If not decide the Chinese nego
tiations mentioned 6<-ems highly probable.
while It Is more than likely that It will be
wed by further British-German agree
rdlng Nigeria, which topic Mr.
Chamberlain doubtless discussed during
It Is said that the Queen hag promised
lit her grandson at Potsdam In the
spring, after staying at the Italian Ri
viera.
rd;:.c to a dispatch to the Lancet
from Rome, the Italians are delighted at
filiation not to go to
• this change in her
programme aa an Intended and de
llberate rebuke of Prance's anti-British
- utterance*.
Commenting on Adnv.r.il n.-wey's diffi
culty «rith his borne, the Baturday Review
"His period of apotheosis has been even
shorter than usual with a darling of the
democracy
Mr «T the Edinburgh
In a sp.-.'i-h. credit-
Mllton's hath her vic
j tories" to "an American orator."
bS the 5..::r.-.> of coin
- • -t- A writer In this
"it is not surpiis
ll Mr < '! : to give the ora
itame, « very surpi
i man should mak
.l has arisen over the old age
retreat. Malak flf, near Paris, found<
an ex-r*n i ' : onk. Many wealthy
old ladli - wen sent there, and are said ;■>
f>eaten. tortured and robbed.
; Even mur ed to have been
::ia!i t'.j years r.f age
■ \<> ?al<! to have I n Ind : • i I v an at
int 25 yean old to give up 20/00
franc.--, and iv \M then forced to marry
him Several of the residents were found
dead, a? If accidentally, and padded cells
'. in the building by a
inaclstrate. who Is thoroughly Investigate
: Ing the Institution. Two of the attendants
have been Imprisoned.
SUNSET LIMITED
SOON TO START
Will Open the Season
Friday, Dec. 15th.
At a conference of Southern Pacific
• • '.ay the campaign
of th- • flyer, Sunset Limited.
was definitely determined for the com
ing season. It is to enter upon its sixth
year of service between this city and
New Orleans on Friday, December 15,
and continue twice a week— Tuesdays
an.l Fridays— until about the first of
April.
Not only Callfornlans, but all who
are interested in California, East and
West, will greet this announcement
with delight, for Sunset Limited has
won a secure abiding place in the af
ns of all who travel between the
East and '■■
i-es much to the credit
of this remarkable train. When it was
first stair. .'4, it Illumined the
tinent with llaming
tied every one
with ant promises. That
everything said of it has been exceeded
In th- ■ promise more
history, and its
' to it with pride.
It :- g • .. tnui h to speak of
ning of a
ra In th< veen Call
forn i Bast, and as being tn
d-ed more Instrumental than all other
causes In the great national
currents of traveL Residents of the
Bast who fean ! Ita >lreadful winters
and fled to the B< :th or Europe to es
>ked upon Califor
nia much ;is they did upon the moon—
almost • to rearh. The or.
: • tting hfre was little less to
ided than were their fearful win
ters.
When Sunset Limited proved to them
that they could reach the sunny slopes
and tronical groves of the far West,
surrounded by luxuries difficult even to
imagine and without discomforts of
climate or travel, a new world was
opened. The South Is less talked about
now; so Is Europe, and California has
felt the Increase like the infusion of
new, warm, life-giving blood.
Sunset Limited had everything In its
favor as against all sorts of rivalry,
and the result was not to be wondered
at. Added to the matchless eleganc*
of its service was a delightful Journey
of several thousand miles along the
southern borderland of the nation,
where It is always sunshine, always
cheerful and the sources of entertain
ment ns varied and novel and unend
ing as the most exacting traveler could
wish. So far from being a tedious trip
It proved Just the reverse, and It Is
now the recognized route for the great
majority of winter travel westward.
This year the train will leave San
Francisco nt 5 p. m. and Los Angeles
about 7 the following morning. Tts run
through the pretty orange groves of
Southern California and for the greater
part of the distance to El Paso will be
by daylight; likewise from Houston to
New Orleans through that delightfully
romantic region of bayous, llehened
forests and dreamy plantation scene?.
In fact, throughout, eastbound and
westbound, its schedule this season l»
more favorable than ever before.
The connections at El Paso for St.
Louis and at New Orleans for Atlanta.
Washington. New York. Boston. Cin
cinnati and Chicago will be almost per
fect, and make the Southern trip to
those points quicker nnd more com
fortable than by nnv other route.
BUELL PRESIDENT OF
VALLEY ASSOCIATION
Railroads Requested to Make Re
duced Rates for Eastern Home-
Seekers Next Spring.
FRESNO. Nov. 25.— Th» first regular l
meeting of the San Joaquln Commercial
Association, held in this city to-day,
proved eminently successful and the or
ganization was placed on a sure footing.
The chief interest, of course, centered In
the election of a permanent chairman, i
as the residence of that official meant the
headquarters of the organization. The
choice resulted In favor of Stockton V
A Buell of that city being chosen unani
mously. The by-laws provide that the
meetings, which shall be held quarterly,
shall be held at different points in the
valley, the next to convene In the Gas
City. While, the association embraces
twelve counties, there was present to-day
a representation from only eight, as fol
lows: ' ,» ! i
Fresno. Merced. Madera. San Joaquln
Kings. Tulare. Kern nnd Stanislaus.
Other officers elected Were: Benjamin
Maddox. Vlsalla. secretary; Louis Ein
stein. Fresno, treasurer: vice presidents
S. F. Booth of Fresno. OS. Henderson of
Stockton. S. C. Smith of Kern, S. E Bid
die of Klnrs. A J. Pllsbury of Tulare
George. Perley of Stanislaus. T. C. | >l)w
of Merced and Return Roberts of Made--*
In the absence of P. A. Buell of Stock
ton Senator Smith of Bakersfield presided
M. V Ashbrook welcomed the delegates
Resolutions were passed memorializing
Congress to exclude sheep from the na
tional parks: to repair the wagon road to
Sequoia National Park, and asking the
railroads to make reduced rates for East
i crn home seekers next March or April.
WHITEMAN'S CHICAGO CRIME.
I'HirAOO. Nov. 25 — Alonzo J. White
man, the former Minnesota State Senator,
who was arrested two weeks ago In N'.-W
York, was brought to rhi.-ago to-day by
a detective to answer to the charges of
defrauding the Orand Pacific Hotel by
means of a worthies* check Whlteman
was convicted In the ( rimlnal Court over
I year ago. and was sentenced to serve,
two years In the County Jail nri <\ to pay
a fine of $2000 An appeal was taken, but
when the case was caned. Whlteman for
feited his bond. The decision of the lower
court was affirmed and since that time
, the police have been on the lookout for
I him.
RUSSIAN TREATY
MAY BE REVISED
Forecast of Pending Ne
gotiations.
LITTLE PROGRESS MADE
DIFFICULTIES OF RECIPROCITY
FOR A BASIS.
Indications Arc That There Will Be
Formidable Objections to the
French Treaty in the
Senate.
Special P'.sratrh to The Call.
WASHINGTON. NOT. 20.-Re!attve to
the statement attributed to Count Moura
vlefT, the Russian Minister of Foreign Af
fairs, that the propriety of remodeling the
trade treaty of ISH Ixtween the United
States and Russia was now under consid
eration. It is learned that about two
months ago this movement wu Initiated
by the Russian Kmbaasy here. The suc
cess of the French Government In nego
tiating a reciprocity treaty was probably
the incentive to the Russian move. From
the number and scope of reciprocity
agreements and special treaties which
have been drawn up under the terms of
the Dingley tariff act, besides those which
are nearlng the point of conclusion under
the broad constitutional power of the
President, It began to appear that a Euro
pean nation unfortunate enough to be
omited from the llat of privileged nations
would be at a gr> it disadvantage 1" con
tinuing its trade with the United States.
This fact first dawned upon the German
Government, and it has been endeavoring,
thus far without success, to obtain a re
ciprocity treaty, the obstacle being the
uncompromising attitude of the German
agrarian interests against the United
States meat and provision trade, though
this promises to be modified by the
Reichstag in the future. Russia was the
next power to see the advantages of re
modeling ncr trade arrangements with the
United States and the lirst overtures vi
that direction were notes about two
months ago. The matter has not moved
very speedily, and it Is not yet possible to
forecast the exact form the new arrange
ment will take.
It may be. as indicated by Count
Mouravitff, a revision of the trade treaty
(1833 or the two Government! may de
cide to frame a pure reciprocity treaty
under the general terms of the Dingley
act, such as was made with France,
though owing to the expiration of the
term allowed by the act for the completion
of such agreements and treaties, this one
may be drawn up under the reserved
powers of the executive and so be free of
special limitations as to scope. It Is sur
mised that the deliberate progress being
made In the present Instance is due in
part to the difficulty of finding articles of
trade between the United States and Rus
sia which may advantageously be made
the subject of diminutions in duties. This
is owing to the fact that both parties are
to a great extent agricultural countries
and the necessity of protecting such
products as well as the producers of raw
material. I:. view of this the basis of ex
changes will be difficult to reach.
The Indications of rather formidable op
position to the approval by the Senate
<•{ the French reciprocity treaty has given
some concern to the officials of the State
Department who nave had much to do
with its negotiations. This treaty was
perfected with the greatest difficulty, and
was In Itself regarded as the means of
restoring the good will and cordiality be
tween the United States and France,
which had undergone a even strain
during the last two years.
It« failure, it It said, would bo most un
fortunate and the officials ar*> prepared to
show to the Senate by statistics that
I the United States has secured all of the
advantages from a purely economic point
of view that could be expected, having
regard to fair treatment of France.
The State Department has. In fact, pre
' pared Itself on a large scale for the de
fense of the treaties and arrangements
; which must go before Congress during tho
■ approaching session. The only question
still open is whether it shall lump all of
there arrangements and treaties in a gen
eral argument .•«!..! statement or shall
make each the subject of separate repre
sentations. Because of the number of the
, treaties and arrangements which have
been negotiated since the adjournment of
the last Congress, a number far In excess
of the most sanguine advocates of reci
procity arrangements in the State De
partment, it would appear that the latter
I course would Impose great labor upon
tho department and It may be from con
sideration of this fact that the conven
i tions will be turned Into the Senate en
( masse and left to rely for support upon
the strong representations which the
President will make upon this subject
In his annual message.
FUNDS TO HOUSE THE
O'CONNOR ART TREASURES
Ladies of San Jose Are Conducting a
Very Successful Emporium on
South First Street.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 25.— The ladles of the-
O'Connor art building committee are con
ducting an emporium at 78 South First
street to secure funds for erecting a build
ing to house the magnificent art collection
recently presented to the city by Mrs. M
P. O'Connor. The collection is valued at
over $20.i»h1. A building site has been se
cured in Normal Square. The gift was do
nated on condition it building be erected.
The ladles already have several thou
sand dollars in the fund for the purpose,
and it is hoped Andrew Carnegie, who Is
now building so many library and art
buildings, will com* to their aid. It Is
hoped to erect a building to cost not less
than 115.000. and one that will be an orna
ment to the city.
Yesterday and to-day the emporium was
thronged. It will remain open till Thanks
giving eve. • All kinds of art work, flowers,
delicacies: and groceries are sold. It is con
ducted like a large department store.
The department containing home-mad©
delicacies and cooked chickens, salads,
etc., is In charge of Mrs. A. T. Herrmann,
while Mrs. W. I* Wonilrnw and Mrs.
Mitchell Phillips preside over the depart
ment of all kinds of fancy articles. Mrs.
E. O. Smith conducts the grocery depart
ment and Mrs. E. J. Crawford the re
freshment quarters. A floral display Is
under the supervision of Mrs. E. Coppock,
Mrs. H. D. Matthews and Mrs. Kennedy,
and Mrs. Ed Fisher and Mrs. Harry
Pierce conduct an art department. Miss
Davis is cashier. Numerous young soci
ety ladles assist In all the departments.
MEXICO REFUSES TO
EXTRADITE GONZALES
As in Other Places, the Flea Is Made
That the Evidence Is Circumstan
tial and Insufficient.
HOUSTON. Nov. 25.— A special from
Eagle Pass says: Embas>sador Clayton
telegraphs from the City of Mexico to
this. Maverick County, that the .Mexican
Government refuses extradition of Leon
ardo Gonzales, a Mexican citizen, accused
of the assault and murder of an Ameri
can woman at Sanchez, on the Texas
pide, some months ago, on the ground of
lnsumcient evidence.
The case has engrossed considerable at
tention as being one of the first to arise
: under the now extradition treaty and has
caused several collisions between the
governments of the Stato of Texas and
the Slate of Coahulle in the ilrst instance,
: and later between Secretary of State Hay
at Washington and the Mexican foreign
office through Ambassador Clayton. The
accused has meanwhile been held in cus
tody by the Mexican authorities.
The case Is similar In many respects to
that of Mrs. Rich, an American citizen,
who was surrendered by Texis and the
United States to Mexico on the charge
of the murder of her husband, though the
i evidence was wholly circumstantial.
National Guard Camp Site.
SANTA CRI'Z, Nov. 25— General J H
Dickinson and a surveyor will arrive here
December 1 to lay out Lave.-iga H. -ignis
for a camp site for the National Quart,
which will hold an encampment here next
summer.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE EARLIER
the day the bet-
ter the selection
of Holiday Gifts.
Our Stock is
Complete.
ALBUMS.
Celluloid Fronts and Autograph Albums In
Backs, handscmily dec- Rw'niS's^jsi.'J A all the latest stvlrs. trim
orated for cabinets anjE : * '"'"'IIkH fach 5c to $ 1.50
small Photos X '*& : * ..%$& Scrap Books in prtSMd
...50c. 75c and J|. • , ,* bo , rd clothiinl fjn .v il-
SUyer fa mbo sy | ,-JUd\ «jg | U minated (nnts. ;r^m
sS^floeTdeT^s af J i J>^! -3 each We *° VIS
finishes from $2 to $6 :ft^k*3)^;«Sl We also have a com-
EasM or Stand Albumi, ■HrV*j^w"J plete stock cf Kodak
Embossed flowered front. Mlirinnßafcf Photo Albums, Postal
decorated leaves $2 50 Card and SMmr> Album*.
Finer quality $3 00 to $9.00
TOILET CASES.
Comb, Brush and Mir- m^^^^^^ Work Boxes In Cello-
ror, in fancy Celluloid jk^^^^'^&f loiJ, with Thimble, Bid-
cases 75c. $1.00. $1.25 K^Sy^B din, Eyelet and Scissor*.
Larger and mor- eljbo- Kmh^^jJ ..35c
rate, 3-pi?ce cas?? mßf^^^^r z-£a Work Boxe* in Fan^y
$1 50 io $5.00 /&%j£2a&s£s^ Wood or Celluloid c ---.
Combination .i.etbet.^Pfc^gSaßPk 50c to $1.50
in elegant Cellulol 1 cases, A finer lln* of Work
containing Comb, Brush, * Boxes from. $2.00 to $5.00
Mirror, Nail Scissors, Buffer and Shaving Sets In Embossed Cci-
Powder Box luioid Case, with Shaving Mutr
each $150. $2.00. $2 50 and Brush $1.00. $1.50
«o re ■$£& * 300 to $25.00 aarj¥s»s2s^
53 - 00 t0 $25.00 52.00. $2.25. $2.50
Poker Sets in Leatherette or Larger and Finer S-ts
Fancy Wood Cases, with Cards $3 00 to $1000
and Chips, from Writing Desks, fancy wooJ.
$2.00 to $10.00 lock and key 50c to $1.50
TOY DEPARTMENT.
j-^ TRICYCLES. IRON WAGONS.
tf/fT'y 19 inch rear f-V'ify:-?'^.*^
jwJM wheels... $4.50 t^^^~^P^Z jTi "JV
|^0 wh«ls. C . h 55 r .*0 a O (-S&VX \^^7\
v//n) 22-inch re.ir L>^/|\\<W
Xlld wheels... $7.00 "T^m^ 1 V^fT^/
KfR.-^SS^^ r C ar UK xlx
I y.'.«*- wheels... sB.oo -inch body $ 95
HOOK AND UDDERS .$2 .50 to $6.00 iox2o-inch body 1-20
COASTERS $2.00. $2 50 nx22-lnch body 45
Extra long - $4.00 i2.\24-lnch body 1-70
We ai«o h*ve a fine line of : 2 6- inch body 1.95
POLICE AND FIRE PATROLS. i4X2Binch body 2.20
MECHAMCAL AND ELECTRICAL TOYS. ..,, i VELOCIPEDES.
We have a very complete line . With adjustable Mddle,«iperlof
of these goods at all prices t0 anything on th- market, for
25c to $10 00 ac«a e« as bilow: „_.
IRON TRAINS. I \° I J"!? *' 0500 5 0
10c. 25c. 35c. 50c. 75c up to $7.50 \ " 7 J™ 'J gSO
MAGIC LANTERNS. 9 to 10 years"'.'.'..'.'.'.'!!. 3.00
_ Complete.wlth 10 to 12 years 50
rafp|& !f|jj A splendid as- 75c ' Sf ' '
&Sff^--~~r^i^Sy S 25c. 50c. 75c. $2.50.
B^ s!=afiS^^ $1 up to $5 . § DOLL TRUNKS.
GAMES AT 25c EACH. 2 5c. 50c. 65c. 75c. $1.00 to $4.00
We have India. Lifeboat, Pick- GAMES AT 50c EACH.
in? Oranges, Christmas Tree, Pushkins, Nellie Bly, Battle
Battle of Manila, Lotto, Peter Game, Blockade Runn-r, Musical
Coddle, Young America, Uncle Letters, Hold the Fort, The
Sam, Who, Spider and Fly, Poets, Clown, Rag Tazs, Lotto, Little
Authors, Jack Straws, Ana- Fireman, Motor Carriage, In the
grams and many others. Soup, etc.
t« t tt> t\/-nt T We have the lar 2 CBt freshest
TIM OUR DOLL and most varied stock of Dolls
11 VUIX —«•,,—. ever shown here. Step In and
FIFP A RTMFIMT see what we hive before the as-
UrLJrrVIX 1 IVICIN 1 o r tment Is broken.
Don't Forget Our Book Department
Books for the little folks and books for the big folks.
MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED.
Will & Finck Co.
818-820 Market St., San Francisco.
YACHTING PARTY
MAY HAVE PERISHED
Still No Word From the Pleasure-
Seekers That Sailed on the
Mabel.
DALLAS. Tex.. Nov. 25.— Nothing has
been heard from E. 11. R. Green's yacht
ing party since the storm on the Gulf
coast near Rockford, Matagora Bay, on
Thursday night last. This would not in
dicate, however, that the party Is in ex
treme peril, as the wind has broken tele
graphic and telephone communication
with the Island on which Mr Green's
clubhouse and flshli-.i: resorts are located,
which might account for no word having
come from Mr. Green and his companions.
It Is known that the yacht Mabel was In
a dangerous locality In Matagora Bay dur
ing Thursday night, but Hugh P. Calno
--.■■■'-■"". -.'•■. m ■ . ■ ■ ,■!•*•;
| 7% RUPTURi I CURED, 1
■« 2' 1 / 4?V«y &Ek . w» «ay "Itupture Cured" we mnn It. l[
J( fh*l i T>4rn for ll '• a fact ( nat thouxanda of curt* hare '
. I 111 1 * • \ 4f4 f l " n »cconir,Hih<"l by Dr. Pl»re» • WorM- * '
" V • _^ ~mt. tit itcnowr.M ELECTRIC TRUSS during th« ;nt ♦
J M £ tHbbT tw*nty-flv* yean There Is nothlr.r el»» like ♦
L. I J^ m 9V§ '* on *■«!>! It do«i the work! Have received *
"* S!,*. /l v A.'T'ktsS-G »X "° TO » ny l»tt*r§ Ilk- the fjll.w ■« that »• »
•* %22&J\\\ t v * if §Vv\ hardly know what to do with them all 5
1 o^mi X^>%^^ CURED llf 5 MONTHS!
'< i, ,A\V >L ' 'tL^&? ' lr 15M Schiller Street. AUciMi. '"aL. *
-5c WASY^^^lk^ DR. PIERCE: It la with th» C re»t«t pleat- J
2 \ '"' \ \. W*«M»WBit % tV nr '" that Xam ahl» to Inf.rir. you that th- *
X ' \ V^IBL^L^BV Truiß which I ob'nir- ' frcm y.u >ant March *
I "•VvCkV \ rr J v^y?f ligt'y^ IK * 3 effe.-t»d a ra.'.'.cal rur» In my cms* »
* V \>^V^yv v vV ? Vrt''lA l| J Truitlng thla may be the means of eonvtnc- >.
"* VScw*i^^'T«lV*^ Ing other ruSTerers that you have a perm*- j,
* V^Vw > i! W' a«nt cure, I remain. Orat- yours. 
$ 11 J 1_ iLTOPrwt |,
" c Jif 1 * 1 " 1 .' 011 PartlcuUra can at the offle* or tend So In ttampo for oar *,
. C O«w "BOOKLET No. 1." Addrees: i.
| MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., r I
•i 020 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel. San Franclseo. Cal. >!
* 4
and J. H. Buckner. members of th" party
who went from Dalian but started horn*
before the storm came on. say it Is possi
ble that the Green party may ha»
reached the clubhous* and tlk-tl refupw
there before the storm reached its mo-it
violent Ptage.
To-nlsrht a me?snß* wn» received ov«r
the long dlf«tanr«» telephone from parti*..*
In Corpus Christ!, about fifty miles bacK
from Matagora Hay. who say that no
word has been received form Mr. Oreenor
his friends. The wind at Corpus Chrlstl
blew at the rate of forty-five or fifty miles
an hour. At least JIOO.OCO worth of prop
erty has teen destroyed along the coast.
Kind Words for Dewer.
MILWAUKEE. Xov. 2T».— Mayor David
S. Rose to-day drew up a resolution au
guring Admiral Dewey of the warm sym
pathy and indorsement of the people of
this city. The resolution will be intro
duced at a meeting at the Common Coun
cil on Monday.
78
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••ft**'
From the Largest Cloak and Suit
House in New York City.
A SPECIAL PURCHASE.
1500 LADIES' STYLISH GAMUTS
At a Discount of 33£ per cent off
Regular Prices.
This enormous purchase consists of this season's styles, embracing
Ladles' Tailor-Made Suits, Ladles' Tallor-Made Jackets. Misses' Tailor-
Made Jackets. Children"* Jackets. Ladles* Silk Dress Skirts. Ladles' Silk
Petticoats. Ladles' Embroidered Cloth Skirts. Pur Jackets. Fur Capes,
Fur Collarettes, etc The entire stock has arrived and will be ready for
sale to-morrow at prices unheard of in the history of the Cloak and Suit
business.
Note the Remarkable Prices : .
100 P.L.v*" VENETIAN SUITS, tailor made, value for 512.50; will be of-
f. :■■ $;»
100 I. A. "TAN COVERT TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, value for $6;
w.!! :>. , laced on sale at 93.50
100 LADIES' RLACK AND BLUE KERSEY JACKETS, tailor made. ex-
tra value for JT.M); will be placed on sale at .<,""»
:00 MISSES* GOLF CAPES, plain with plaid hoods and plaid with plain
hoods; In navy, blue and red ; value for $6; will be offered at the low-
price Of .*<,"*.. "i(i
L 0 PLAID CAMELS' HAIR DRESS SKIRTS, value for $5; sale price
$3.25
100 LADIES' CLOTH CAPES, from 90c to $40. Newmarkets and Au-
tomobiles In all sizes and latest styles.
We are strictly one price. Suits mad* to order. Perfect fit guaran-
teed.
BLACK AND COLORED
DRESS GOODS DEPT.
20 pieces C6-INCH BLACK LADIES' CLOTH, value for $1; will be of-
fered at JSOc yard
100 pieces 46-INCH ALL-WOOL BLACK and navy SERGE, will be
offered at £>Oc yard
New styles In PLAIDS, at 31. 01. SO. ?U and 52.115.
1146 Market Street,
BET. TAYLOR AND MASON.
...NEW STORE
WOB.KCJO GIRLS STRIKE.
• Factory Employes Object to a
Wag* Reduction.
FORT WAYNE. Ind.. Nov. 2S— Two
hundred girl operative, et the Foster
Waist Factory went out to-day against a
reduction in wages. This week the scale
was readjusted on a piece work plan nn<l
the plr'.s say that under the r.ew condi
tions they could not make enough to sup
port themselves.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOLIDAY SPECIAL.
*% $3.00
We have Just purchised at a bargain
ccjq pairs flj MEN'S FINE VICI KID
FOXED SILK VESTING TOP LACE
SHOES, with latest style coin to- and
genuine welted sewed soles, which we
will place on sit this week at
5uiUU per pair.
f^end for a. pair and If they are not
worth J4 return them at our expense and
get your money back.
We- are now welling our La-
dies* Life Saving Shoes
$d;UU per pair.
Tl.o l.ejtt walking shoe In
America, for the price.
Bee our windows or send for Catalogue.
Save your cash checks and get a watch.
D« not be deceived by any unprincipled
deaJer who would Imitate us. We are
the only
NOLAN BROS.
PHELAN BUILDING,
812-814 MARKET STREET.
LGAPE NOME
A true <!c»crlptioa of the New Cold Field* uptc
Ihr tirment time. Written from personal obaerra.
!tion» .\O transportation pamphlet. Valuable in
formation aadtmip of the country. Send l 50c
1'.0.0r JixpreM Money Order to I. ?'KOBTROM,
I'^vrtcffic- i<ot S4E3, t*nn Frnnrtv>o, C»l.
nil fITI Irt f~ P11 '" *° d all R*eta>
t i II I 3 I I fraeea cured or no
Mlt LI I IU L BBS No detention
j»I I J I In I from bualnea. DRS.
fUll I 111 I I MANFFIKLD * POR-
IIVI I UIIL TERKIKUD. «• Mar-
ktt at.. San Franclaco.
STANFORD'S
PERSONNEL
IN DOUBT
Varsity and Second Eleven
Men Vying for Places on
the Team.
BY J. F. SHEEFJAN JR.
Special Dl«p«tch to The Call.
DEL MONTE. Nov. 25.— The eardlnal
>r>e< • football men of Stanford had a
day of solid hard work that savored of
decided Improvement over early sea
■on form, but which still evidenced
some lack of unity of action. Can
the eleven gain it by Thursday next?
Is the question. If not the generally fierce
aggressiveness, the manifest determina
tion and the fact of being in superb con
dition may still make the toam a sturdy
opponent of the blue and gold. This is
the hope of the coaches and the spirit of
the players. Backed by as sincere a con
fidence of the Stanford student body la
the fighting ability of the eleven as I
have ever seen, they are at their cut-out
work with a zest that la good to see.
Over on the improvised gridiron on the
polo field at 10 o'clock this morning the
twenty-six candidates were run through
I signals for an hour. Candidates they may
be still called, for it was nip and tuck
yesterday and to-day for a number of the
coveted places, and the general nmash of
Varsity and second elevens for touch
downs demonstrated an equality of rough
rushing force, with perhaps an advantage
i In favor of the !lrst team in end running
gains.
Coach Cliamberlaln has officially an
nounced that no llnal selection or the
eleven will be made until the day of the
game. This afternoon Lee, the freshman
ct-titer. got back on the Varsity and looks
like a fixture. De Forest flanked him on
; the left, while Cairns' slight Injury gay«
Huston the right guard place during the
practice.
"Babe" Burnett and McFadden offici
ated on the right wing at tackle and end.
rith Traeger and Beckley on the other
side In the same positions respectively
Rice was re? ted for the day. while Parker,
for two years Varsity end, was on the
•"scrub." Haiti, the freshman captain
played quarter and was used in the far
back Held on the receiving and run in
Smith, the '03 half, Fisher and Boren com
pleted the make-up behind the line. With
Parker. Krb and Oilman out again in
shoulder harness over a bad bruise, Hay
den. Roberts, Allen and Rudolph playln?
the game with a commendable despera
tion and plenty of Individual cleverness
on the scrub team, the Varsity personnel
Is certainly .--Tin in doubt. Captain Mur
phy ha* not yet donned his football togs
and. II at all. only Thanksgiving d,, will
see him back of his team on the field.
To-morrow will be a day of complete
rest, but the condition of the squad will j
probably allow some fast, hard play on
Monday and Tuesday. Murphy, assisted
by "Billy" McLeod, has certainly suc
cessfully timed the finish In point of phy
sical fitness for the battle, and. differing
from the final days of other lessons, the
few remaining days may be safely used
if the coach so determines in further per
fecting team playing. Good condition
means good spirit among the men, and.
while the odds are certainly against them,
there is an entire lack of that depression
that I noticed hero with Berkeley in "9?
and with Stanford at Congress Springs
In '9S.
■ latißuage of Captain Murphy, the
eleven is certainly "coming on fast."
* • h « 'hiirnnerlaln, when the clo«e
1 I "ry ov.-r "\ale to-day was
inoed, grimly muttered that the tide
have to turn next Tnursday.
For More Football Se« Twelfth Page.
Three Killed in a Wreck.
OOBHOCTOK, Ohio. Nov. 2T..-A work
trim returning from the Mnrpan Run
land Wade onal mines, on the Wheeling
I and Lake Krle Railroad this evening, col
lided with a freight train, killing three
men— Asbury Lumman. Squire West and
* Injuring twenty-five
, ?. th */*; Th r do " d and 'nJorod nearly all
[ lived In this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1899.
SICK SOLDIERS
BROUGHT HOME
FROM THE WAR
Eight Died During the
Passage.
TRANSPORT SHERMAN BACK
NEARLY TWO HUNDRED DIS-
CHARGED MEN ABOARD.
Of These Eighty Were Sick When the
Vessel Sailed From Manila—Re
mains of Five Soldiers
From Nagasaki.
Ther« were eight deaths, on the United
States transport Sherman during the voy
age from Manila. The vessel made the
run across In twenty-five days. Including
a stop at Nagasaki. From the latter
place the nin was made In the good time
of Fixteen days.
The Sherman brought over the follow
; ing cabin passengers: Major Henry Wl
gant. Twenty-fourth Infantry: Captain
John Finley, Captain James Xlckerson,
Seventeenth Infantry; Captain McMullan.
assistant quartermaster; Lieutenant John
< F. Madden, IJeutenant S. 11. Avery. LJeu
tenant Charles W. Foster, Lieutenant Al-
TRANSPORT SHERMAN AND BRIG GALILEE MAKING PORT.
den C. Knowles. Thirteenth Infantry;
Acting Assistant Surgeon Peter W. Peck
man. F. K. Hunt. Paymaster's Clerks R.
B. Arnold. Ernest DaJton and T. H.
Jacobs and Misses Duncan, Margaret
Bertram. Mary Hambley, Josephine- Dunn
and Mrs. Ehlert. Red Cross nurses.
Colonel McClure. chief paymaster, cam*
as far as Nagasaki on the Sherman. He
will come on to San Francisco on the
Grant.
The Sherman brought over 194 dis
charged soldiers. Of this number eighty
were on the Pick list when the vessel
sailed and seventy-two of them arc still
very sick men. The other eight died dur
ing the passage. Their names are:
Walter H. Guthrle. Twelfth Infantry;
Peter Dougherty. Thirteenth Infantry;
James C. Harrington. Twenty-second In
fantry; Joseph Qulnn. Twenty-flrFt In
fantry; William L. Donovan. Ninth In
fantry; John Burns. Sixteenth Infantry;
William Ralnslow. Hospital Corps, and
George F. Mil lanahan. Fourteenth In
fantry.
The case of McClanahan was very sad.
I His one desire was to live until San Fran
cisco was reached. In one sense his de
sire was jrratltl'Mi as he only passed away
after the ship's anchor had been dropped
I off Folsom-street wharf. The bodies of
• the dead we.re all brought to Ran Fran
cisco. With them are the remains of the
following five soldiers who died at Naga
saki: F. W. Tucker. Twenty-third In
fantry; Alexander Lundstrom. Third Ar
tillery: Leslie R- Waterman. North Da
kota; R. H. Ralph. Utah Battery, and
Thomas Olson. Wyoming. These men had
been left behind by the various trans
! ports on their way home In the hope that
I the climate of Japan would do them rood.
I They were too far gone to rally, how
ever, and died In the hospital.
The Sherman took out to Manila the
: Thirtieth Infantry, and would have made
a very fast round-trip had she not been
detained four days at Honolulu. She was
not able to dock yesterday owing to the
lack of wharf room, but will be berthed
, to-day. —
EAGER FOR THE FRAY.
The Forty-Second Volunteer Rejrlment.
Which Is scheduled to sail for the Philip
pines on the transports Columbia and DhU
Dey VestOCk next Tuesday, are greatly
plt-ased at the prospect, as both officers
and privates are anxious to reach the Isl
: ands while there is yet fighting to be
) done. The officers of the Forty-second
< gave a fan-well ball at the Presidio Friday
night. Mrs. Freeman, wife of Colonel
Freeman, the pest commandant, acting -*ji
hostess. At 2:."*) this afternoon there will
be a dr«-ss parade by the regiment on the
Inner parade nr< nads at the Presidio.
The Vortv-ninth Regiment was ortlcially
inspected by lieutenant Colonel M P.
Maus, inspector general of the d< part
m«nt, yesterday afternoon.
KlKhty sl.k soldiers were received nt the
gpiit ral bospltal at the Presidio yesterday
from the transport Sherman, Including
fourteen litter ca^s, home of tho latter
bf Ing very low from tuberculosis and dys-
There are no new developments
In the smallpox situation.
I.l<-ut<>iiaiit White of Company O has
been ai»i>olnted recruiting officer for the
Forty-second. Two recruits were sccept-
O' and three were rejpcted. Slx
; t«-en more men are needed to give the r»-g-
Imnt it s full quota.
Regimental Sergeant sfajor W. W. Ham
mer of th<- Forty second has been com
misn' • d lieutenant of Company
I. the vacancy resulting from the r- .
tlon of Captain Hamilton Rt Fort Niaga-a
and t)i«» subsequent promotions of the
company lieutenants.
There ar<- now about lOT recruits at the
1 Presidio, and they are arriving from the
East at the rate of about fifteen or twenty
a day.
«;• neral Shafter will go to L*>s Angwlr>s
' on Tuesday for the purpose of presenting
, to that city a bronze cannon captured at
■ so. Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson
; Third Artillery, aid to the general, will
prei .-de him, leaving here Monday nlcht.
The Soldiers' Bank, which was estab
lished in the T'nton-squaro tent when the
first of the volunteer regiments began to
return from the Philippines, went out of
business last night. Miss Molloy. the cash
ier, having settled all her accounts and
closed tho books. The bank has been of
rreat benefit to returning soldiers during
the past six months, but as there are no
more volunteer regiments to be mustered
, out the bank has served its pnrpose.
Burglars Interrupted.
Twn men broke Into the tailor shop of
Frank Kudrna at 804 Sansome street late
laet night. The thieves effected an en
trance by forcing the lock. Officer Barry
heard the noise and hastened to the store
In time to take a shot at one of the men,
both of whom then beat a rapid retreat.
Later on a man named O'Connor was ar
restod on suspicion and booked at the Cal
ifornia station on a charge of burglary.
The thieves were interrupted In their
work In time to prevent any loss.
■ ♦ ■
The Good Work.
Among the various lines of work carried on
In this city for the help of others, none prob
ably will commend Itself more urgently to th«
general public than that of the "Silent Work
ers.' In the "Sunshine District." as they have
named It. with headquarters fit No. 936 Hani
son street, between Fifth and Sixth. This
work was started and Ib largely managed by
the few members of the Society of Friends
(called Quakers) living In this city, but th«
outside public la also Interested In It and many
leading men and women are contributing to
Its support. While It Is not termed a religious
work and Is not bo devised. It Is Intended to
lay the foundations for upright lives among
the children of that very populous neighbor
hood.
Within the past two months extensive im
provements have been made to the building*
occupied, embracing the property from No. 928
to No. S3S on the street named. The Day Home,
No. 930. has been opened for little folks whose
mothers or caretakers are compelled to work
through the day for the support of themselves
and tho*e under their care. It Is neatly fitted
up. with many novel conveniences and com
forts for those who patronize It. Every child
who enters It has motherly care and kindness
equal to that Its parents could give under any
circumstances.
"Sunshine Kindergarten" ts an older work
and has been In operation for about two rears.
It Is among the largest and best regulated of
these worthy Institutions on the coast, num
bering 150 pupils, with nearly 100 In dally at
tendance. The reading room Is well stocked
with library books, magazines and periodicals
for the ure of those who are not so situated
that they can take the Free library books to
their homes. "Sunshine Library." established
about one year ago. furnishes reading for the
mothers and children In this neighborhood
without cost. The literary classes, called the
"Psjbsjjt" and "Sunbeam" clubs, meet on Tues
day afternoons, and receive proper Instruction
according to the age and advancement of the
pupils.
Th« sewing classes are among the moot In
teresting of the various lines carried on. Over
100 pupils, from six to sixteen years, regularly
meet with iodi' twelve to fifteen teachers on
Thursday*. Many of these children have had
no Instruction In the art of needlework or em
broidery except ■» this school teaches them.
The singing class. started about eighteen
months ago. has given Instruction to a hun
dred or more girls, taking them from th»
streets and Uly-provMed homes and riving
them a detailed knowledge of this accomplish
ment. It would d • »r visitor on Friday af
ternoons good to hear tnelr swe»t voices.
The. Mother*' Meetings on Wednesday are
among the Interesting features of the work.
They are well attended by those In the dis
trict, and supported and assisted by philan
thropic women. Every day and every hour Is
occupied with some kind of uplifting educa
tional work. Six young women give their en
tire time from early morning until late In the
evening, and about forty volunteers come once
or twice a week.
A Thanksgiving dinner will be supplied to
the children on Wednesday, November Ml nt
12 o'clock. A meeting will be called at 10:30
a. m.. when Thanksgiving exercises will he
rendered. The public Is Invited to these exer
cises and to witness the dinner In Sunshine
Hall. No. 828 Harrison street. a plain repast
will be furnished to all who attend as Inter
ested visitors.
Donations to the Day Home,, the Library or
of new and second-hand clothing to distribute
among those who are In .need of It are thank
fully received. Over 700 garments, mostly new.
were given out during the winter months of
last year. This work Is not called a "charity"
work In the common sense of the term. It Is
designed and applied to encourage those who
are less fortunate to help themselves and to
teach and show them how to do it; how to be
self-supporting, economical, harmonious and
generous to each other. The results so Tar
have been entirely satisfactory to the worker*.
Visitors, especially those Interested In child
work, are always welcnm". *
■ » ■
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Andre Mor«e. a traveler from Antwerp.
Is a guest at the Palace.
H B Holly-day. Is registered at th» Pal
ace from Washington, D. C.
H. T. Polnn>xter. a mining man of Crlp
pl» Creek. Is a Riiest at the Palace.
C. Sterngrafe, one of the leading busi
ness men of Durango, Mexico. Is at the
Palace
Mr. and Mrs. C. M. Hunter have come
over from San Rafael and have taken
rooms at the Palace.
Mrs. George A. Crux Is visiting Ban
Francisco and will receive on Monday at
the Richelieu Hotel.
F. G. Hurry, one of the best known and
most Influential residents of Bakersfleld,
Is a guest at the Lick.
T. F. Fitzgorald. a prominent railroad
man of Iy>s Angeles, Is among the arrivals
of yesterday nt the Occidental.
O. T. Woodward, the millionaire rancher
of Staten Island. Is a guest at the Grand
while on a short trip to the city.
D. C. Brownell and J. M. Ix>ng. two
business mon of Skagway. Alaska, nre
among the r«>rent arrivals at the Grand.
H. F. Slerft, a lucky mining man who
has Just returned from the gold fields of
Alaska, Is registered with his wife at the
Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. G. P>. Wllllnms are visttlng
friends in this city after having made the
trip overland from their home In PhiladeU
phla by btcjrds.
John I. Sabln. president of the telephone
company, has returned to the city after
an extended European tour. Tils wife w.is
his companion during his travels.
\\\ T. Todd and Mr. and Mrs. Barr.
wealthy residents of New ZeaJand, who
are returning to their home after an ex
tended tour of the East, are registered at
the Occldent.'il.
Mr. and Mrs. Abbott Robinson of Eng
land are at the Palace, where they arrived
> •■st#*niay. They are making a tour of
pleasure of the United Statrs and are ac
companied on their trip by their family.
Scott's Book Is Beady.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright. 1899. by James Gordon
Bennett.
LONDON. Nov. 25— Clement Scotfs
book, on "The Stage— Past and Present."
which has been looked forward to with
keen expectation by the public and mem
b' r? of the profession as well, will be
published by Messrs. MacMillan next
Friday.
U. S. S. RANGER
GOING TO THE
PHILIPPINES
Now Being Fitted
With 6-lnch Guns.
ORDERED TO SAIL FOR PANAMA
•
GETTING READY FOR A LONG
VOYAGE AT MARE ISLAND.""
• ■
Officers Have Received Sealed Orders
From Washington, Which Will
Be Opened When the Vessel
Reaches Panama.
♦
A mystery appears to surround the prep
arations which axe going on aboard the
United States ship Ranger, now lying at
Mare Island, and well founded rumors are
current that the vessel la bent on some
secret mission, the nature of which the
officers refuse to divulge. The Ranger
has been completely fitted up evidently [
for a long voyage, and the fact that she
is being put In warlike trim— being fitted
with several six-Inch guns— is evidence
enough that she is about to depart for
some remote place to guard United States
Interests.
All that the officers will say to oft-re
peated questions Is that the vessel has
been ordered to Panama and will sail
from here early in December, but ail other
requests for information as ro where she
will go from there are met with a polite
refusal. The answer Is given that they
have received sealed orders from th-?
Navy Department at Washington, which
are to be opened upon their arrival at
Panama.
From hints let fall here and there, how
ever, by people who have Inside informa
tion It Is quite certain that the Ranger
will proceed to Manila, where she will be
anchored on shore duty. The necessity
of a war vessel near the new possessions
in the Philippines makes the necessity of
such a course obvious. The fact that the
preparations for her departure are such
as are made for long voyages all point to
the strong supposition that the Ranger
will make a trip that will not end at
Panama and that the Philippines are her
ultimate destination.
PAINTER FINNING'S DEATH.
He Went on a Spree and While Wan*
dering Around Fell and Broke
His Skull.
Coroner Hill held an inquest yesterda>
upon the body of James Finning, a paint
er, residence W Dolores street, whose
dead body was found last Thursday morn-
Ing in a vacant lot on Waller street, be
tween Flllmore and Stelner.
The evidence wn.s that the deceased had
been seen on the evening previous very
much exhilarated "n Walter street near
the lot. He had fallen on the sldnwulk
and left a clot of blood there from a
wound on his head.
The autopsy surpeon testified that he
hail made an autopsy and had found that
a fractured skull was the cause of the
man's death. The Jury returned a verdict
of accidental death.
"Lobsters" Entertain.
The Initial assembly and smoker of the
"Lobster Club" was ht«ld last night In
Elks 1 Hall, Butter street. Carlos F.
Mmitealegre. president of the club, acted
an slro and also delivered a short lecture
Illustrated with stereoptlcon views. The
remainder of the programme was purely
musical and of the highest class. The
contributors were. The Lobster Quintet
Frank Thompson. Ben Tarbox, Frank
Coflin. B. F. Sagerand. Arthur Kennedy;
S. Homfr Henley. In the Toreador's love
song: Slgnor Abramoff. invocation from
"Robert I<> Dlable": Frank Coffin, "Holy
City"; (Jeorge Mcnrtde. B. L. Tarbox.
Barry Urnwn and (»?rar Frank. The
guests so fortunate as to be present voted
the affair a complete success.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEASONABLE HINTS.
Guard Your Health In Fall and Early
Winter.
A chnnge from warm to cold Is always
attended with more danrer than from a
j cold to a warm temperature, hence the
| greater mortality from lung and throat
diseases nt this p^son of the year aa
compared with spring.
The best protection against colds Is not
so much in extra, clothing aa In goud
digestion.
If the digestion and circulation are good
colds will -be unknown.
Poor digestion causes poor circulation
of the blood and when In this condition
I severe colds are contracted on the slight-
est provocation.
People who make a regular practice of
taking Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after '
meals are free from colds, simply because
th«ir digestion Is perfect, the heart strong
and regular, and the whole system fortl-
Bed against disease.
It requires little argument to convince
any one that the best safeguards against
colds, pneumonia and changes of tem-
perature Is a good stomach.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets taken after
meals are dissolved, and mingling with
the food cause It to be promptly digested
and assimilated; they do this because
they contain nothing but harmless diges-
tive elements, which digest meat, eggs
and other food even when the stomach It-
self is weak and flaccid.
Stuarts Dyspepsia Tablets make people
well and keep them well, and the best
: habit you can acquire Is to make dally
use of them at mealn to keep the digestive
1 organs strong and vigorous.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CITY OF J|l|| PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
Hosiery - Underwear
DEPARTMENT
LADIES' UNSHRINKABLE COMBINATION* SUITS Jn Gray. at
91 •2ft. 91.50 and 92.00, button across the shnu: Id
LADIES' UNSHRINKABLE COMBINATION SUITS - n b^th White
and Gray (Munsing make). 91.75. 92.25 and 92.t~0.
Complete line of SWISS RIBBED UNDERWEAR, lonr and «hort
sleeves. In wool, wool mixed and silk, white, gray, black and colors.
LADIES' BLACK CASHMERE HOSE, full finished. 50c pair.
LADIES' BLACK COTTON HOSE, either white foot, split Hole or all
black 25c pair up
CompW* assortment of CHILDREN'S WINTER WEIUIIT HOSIERY
AND UNDERWEAR at lowest prices.
COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
6. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoisoo,
UNION — • • » 1 \»- 1 -
RECEPTION CELEBRATES
BUILDING'S COMPLETION
HOUSEWARMTNO AT THE BELIEF
SOCIETY'S HOME.
New South Winp Added to the Home
of San Francisco's Earliest
Charity.
The managers of the San Francisco i
Ladles" Protection and Relief Society held I
their first reception In the. recently en
larged home on Franklin and Geary j
streets yesterday afternoon. The corridor
and reception rooms were thronged with \
society's charitable ladies and their
friends. The focus of the festivities was,
however, the south wing. This has been
lately added, and with its addition the
home is a block in length. It was beau
tifully decorated with potted plants and
cool boughs of evergreen trees. On the
stage at one end of the hall the children
of the home marched and drilled and as a
grand finale were formed in lino and san<
kindergarten songs. Light refreshments
and the inevitable tea were served during
the afternoon.
The society was organized In ISKS to pro
tect and provide for mothers seeking work
and also taking care of their children. j
After a time the society devoted Its ef- '■
forts to maintaining a children's home |
exclusively, but a raw old women have ,
always been supported. When the society
first organized a small house on Tehama
street sufficed for their needs, but the
good work of the charity has grown until
In IMI the present building was begun, .
and enlarged as the need of room In
creased, until now the original plan has,
by the addition of the new south win*. ,
DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR ALL AILMENTS OF MEN.
There Is a great deal of satisfaction
In being a manly man In all that the
ATA words Imply. Unfortunates who are £X?t
Vj^y suffering with an unnatural weakness . VX
or a contracted ailment cannot possl-
bly enjoy life as nature intended they
■♦ ■ should. — +
In restoring men to health and
• /^jv. strength America's most successful ,~^
t \Zy> specialists. Dr. Meyers & Co.. remove <\r> N *
the cause of the trouble and rebuild
PAY the shattered system by a thorough T>nnU'
Xii 1 constitutional treatment. This cannot -DUUA.
WRFN be done wlth electrlc belts, any other VfW
W IlCill dangerous stimulants or the many in- i: Ulv
WITT T Jurious drugs which are sold In drug If T?TST
TV £iULJ. stores, used by Eastern swindlers and MiliJN.
TTiTJITiri many Irresponsible doctors. TTniCCi
2 IVrj£j The remedies, methods and ap- liUjlCi
ATWTPE 1 Prances which Dr. Meyers A: Co. have PTTDPa
iIJJ V I\JEJ. used successfully for more than eight- vUIVJCiD.
___ een years are not only safe and sure,
but perfectly harmless. Thousands of
Asaguaran- men attest to this statement.
tee DR. MEY- :
ERS ft CO. will : <&*<&&^ :::i *^r!r-Tfl Although It Is
let the patient ; /^S^^jttfc^^^^^\ • preferable to see
deposit the prlcj j /^j y: f^ Tjj\ the P a:lsnts ln
of a cure In any \ / S*^^j / «f <^f» 1 ,|?t^B > : many Instances.
bank In San • 1 \i^^( \ ' ( \^a I !t ls not allVa y s
Francisco, to be : V^; j^- _A J^j^! &$,Jt i nec *ssary. If
paid after he Is ; • K^9^ -^v^^?n£flt^"<sL*^ j you cannot call,
entirely well. If : • ( write for pri-
ll is not con- DR MEYERS 4 CO. CURE : vatebooV.dlag-
venlent to do nosls sheets,
this, payments \ Lost ° nh <>od, Premature Decay, ree advice and
may be made In I Unnatural Losses, Wasting Drains, other partlcu-
monthly Install- j Nervous Debility, Private Diseases, lars. All let-
ments. It re- ; Stricture, Syphilis, Rupture, Tumors, ters conflden-
quins confl- Varicocele, Eczema, Cancer, Sleep- tlal. No print-
dence. backed ! lessness, Rheumatism, Neuralgia, ln g on envelopes
by ability, to Kldney Diseases, Bladder Diseases or Packages to
In' S UCh th an Spine Diseases, Liver Diseases, Heart lnd ' "tenam«of
oner, No ether JT. _. , _. _/ sender Curt*
doctors will un- D"D "° °> Blood Diseases. Skin Dis- LL n t by mal Tr
I deriake a cure eases > Stomach Diseases, Eye Dis- expre.s free
on these condl- eases, Ear Diseases, Lung Diseases, ; from ] observa-
tions. Rectal Diseases. ' tl on
ALL MEDICINES FREE.
*MIN Dr. Meyers & Co. do not charge an 'N©^
exorbitant price for medicines nor send
•♦ their patients to drug stores, where A
they must pay large sums for worth-
less or injurious drugs; but they give
£XJ al! the necessary remedies and appll- «▼#
yiy ances that may be needed for a cure Bfs(
free to their patients. ' •A*
NO INCURABLE CASES TAKEN
DR. MEYERS & CO.
« «'i T m° F SKILLED SPECIALISTS. ESTABLISHED 18 YEARS.
#H1 Market Street elevator H.ur»-»»sD.n,.
I<J X 6AW FRAWCISCO , ENTRANCE. | SEXSi-'i
been extended over an entire block. Th«
president. Mrs. George Barstow, received
and was assisted by the following ladles,
the board of managers: Mrs. I. 8. Adams.
Mrs. A. W. Heaver. Mi-< Alice Brown.
Mrs. Charles Clayton, Mrs. N. P. Cole.
Mrs. P. B. Cornwall. Mrs. S. W. Dennis.
Mrs. Hugo Kiel. Mrs. Moses Hopkins.
Miss Kate F. Hutchtnson. Mrs N. G. Kit
tle. Mrs. M. Soule. Mrs. J. Le Roy Nickel,
Mm. X B. Pond. Mrs. J. R. Sims. Mrs. A.
P. Talbot. Mrs. C 8. Wright. Miss Kohl,
Mrs. Hugh Huddleston. Mrs. J. H. Deer
ing. Mrs. James Robinson. Miss A. Borel,
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins.
Kodak Experts Exhibit.
The California Camera Club opened Its
annual print exhibition at the Academy
of Sciences building last night. The ex
hibit was visited during the evening by
great numbers of those interested In pho
tographic art. The number of prints this
year is Mid to be larger and the qualify
better than ever before. The exhibition
will be open to the general public for two
•weeks. The most striking study is one of
a Madonna's head, by Dr. Thomas
Fletcher, while W. W.« Haas also wat
well represented with studies of "Mon
arch" and "Wallace," the Chutes Hon.
An admiring group was gathered round
A. J. MarFarlund's "Oxen lagging."
while 11. C. Owens elicited praise for his
Cloud studies from the Golden Gate.
Files Counter Suit.
PA NT A ROSA, Not. 23.— 1n th« action of
the Charles W. Pike Company of San
Francisco against the Hunt Bros. Fruit
Packing Company and the Rose City
Canning Company, the latter defendant
filed an answer In court th|s afternoon,
which In addition to denying the nIU-c i
(lons In the complaint sets up a counter
claim for over *2*»» Plaintiff brought mttt
to recover damages against defendants
for an alleged breach of contract.ADVERTISEMENTS,
AMOTHF R special sale
HIIU inert MONDAY AND TUESDAY.
c,« 99 U f ? J>ecial Sa!; las * week was a great success, Every purchaser was
sa.is..ed:hati^y jrot a genuine bargain. For Monday and Tuesday we
Srtc of NEW and UP-TO-DATE JACKE I DRESS
SkIRT* 2nd GOLF CAPES, LOOK US OVER.
57.50 LADIES' JACKETS, sin ie ar»4 double 4#s!&?
treasted X r -y and Covert Cloths, c< -- £>&^&L
tins snd bJack— special sale 54, JO VW
Si 3. c0 LADIES' JACKETS, stnpreJ seamsj .f/S
rna'.erla'.s C:iev!ots,. Screes and Kersey Cloths, \T Jf
bhek an 1 castor shades— special 0)0.50 vra^K^
512.00 LADIES' JACKETS, breasted, /^s'M^^%
large pear! huttms, coae in .aik. nav>', brown,
tan; iapcrted Kersey Cloth, strapped cc :n MiW^^F&m&W
sal; 1.... OO.oU /^^_^)i^%^
5:4-o 3 LADIES' JACKETS, navy blue and fe&^£#^&
t'.ack en Iv, made importrJ K?r«y Ctt -A
Qiths 3^3 Chevtols— sprdal......... <) I 1 • o" ifiJx^Sv^av
516.50 LADIES' JACKETS, made of the finest PllPfcli%
qaiUty Kersey Cloth, heavy satin lined, browns
blade, navy blue, d.-^rk gray and $ 1 1 ca f&&&3£&^
tsns— special sale ~ 4>io»o\J *<&.':¥■-*&'-'-
I CT /I CS V TJ»i?ftrS OIVEH On T^lLOft SUITS To]
ll—At -^ M OBDEf. fmicrs FROM S3O TO $70 \ .
nnrCC Cl/'in'PC I £•*»' GOLF CAPES in ay/ fates*
UKCJJ ilVlKlj \stjr!9\ 5tjr!9 w**^*'!"*- Spac* wW not per-
UIXIjJJ JI "" iJ la* mto <f*scrib* iA»m. They cm greet
la P.'c;ds. Cheviots. I'cneiica Cloths. Sifk<bargcu'ns.
S£SR£f both * ""* ""^ife Golf *** $5.00
*^rr .fr'es. , '_! on S3 , fi $5.00
*^SSg fe^S $2.25^0-La^Go.C 3 p,s 7QO
5^.05 L*ii;s* Blade Ser^ rftl., " ,y",'"Z"''"'"
'Dress Skirts-on ite 58.50 Ladies' Golf Capes fi fa
f6.00 LaJirs' Plaid Dress <j 7 - ! — on sale O.OU
Skins — on sai?.._ «^*' * J jsi3-«;o Ladies' Golf Cap-s c/\ f\r\
$11.00 Ladiss' P.'aiJ Dress o rrA| —on sale lU.UU
S^rts-^an sale — °' OU $15.0;, Ladles' Golf Capes ■■ -/v
Si t. 50 Ladies' Camels' Hair —on sale _ ... 11.3U
Br.'iKei Drrss Skirts — o7c < T < rft » ,j;. c > r n u r>
 O. /O> lo s° Ladies Golf Capes 12.75
Cai11..^.......^............. „....„. . !•£• /O
$13.C0 Li
and B!ack Eroajciothand _, _ . .
Veaetisn Dress Skirts— 1 | rj/V TAILOR-MADE
oasale—^-- 1 I.UUJ SUITS
' ! Drf>s si^rts— oa* «a!a- 10.00 TO ORDER.
J16.50 LaJies' BJack Peau |^ cjO sotD on /ffsr>iit«EitTS.
de Sols Silk Skirts .. * 3 * l 1 i
18-20 GRANT AVENUE, Bet. Market and Geary.
fff SARSAPARIUAI
JtfSf A«B PILLS O
M 70 Vfears Success r
in evert; quarter of tSa Gk>b« 1
[M PROMPT POWERFUL PUBIFTBE M
\Sj\ tb vunr bist of all Ijjs,
Liver cleanses s^r
Furniture Buyers
C*n asfl exaa^s* my prtoea oa *nmttEi«.
curreta. «toirt. etr,. befcr* purctasln* rise-
v. Ji»re. You can aav» fully 13 per oeat by boy-
!r.r her*. U'.beral cr»£:t exter.(*»d to «13; >jB
v crtli cf f urs'.tur* tor tl [« w«k.
Uiusiate* (tvaa ea c«sp>i* bous* r^m'iii-
li£ :r. :- cellar to iuti 1 !.
T. BRILLIANT,
335-340 POST ST.,
IS t. Etocktcn ar.a Vi?w«U.
<■; ;.. V&lsa B<juar«.
Fr«« delivery Oakland. Aiaiaeda aiMl Q«rk»-
ley. Open evesicsv
1899--TAXES-1899
nO is HKREITT imc? THAT THI! I
frrt :r rrillrrer-.t of P.'«l Cctat* "m.x»-« •'. ". all ■
»:cp*Jd Prr*oo*J Proparty Taxe» w.U b« d«Ua-
<jutrt aad 12 per cest add*d o« Monday.
;^^ics~.T*r n. at « o'clock p. to.
no ciincirs Rnrxr/!:;) .\iTKn saTVR.
J3AY EVEN UN O. NOVEMnun IX.
OFFICE OPEN FIUDJLY AND BATURDA.T
KVENINGS. Nevcaibcr !• aad I* trom < to I
o'clock,
EDWARD L <siii EB
-„ Collector of tha City and County of Sa.a
FraacißCO.
t Tr%a«coatJi«at«J tocrUta aad Lrm»- I
( ' aiera from all over Ua Unlt«l ButM !
Sow Uit:r *t th* exoai-
♦ ,cct» oTUi J
PALACE *»*> 5
GRAND !
by n>akln« tbaaa b->tela tb»tr beaaaa»r-
i mi wfcUt la Ban Fraaclauo. Fourte*a f
i JTuadred roo«. •« with batl*-«ar^t
■ I ". C;.r«t in th« world.
JOHN C. KTBKPATRICK. «*M \
1. — ->- *^ < -
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
|| .
tor »nd Nervine. - _.-.
To* outt wor.d*rful aphroduiao and Special
Ttnic Jor in« S«-xual Orp«.n» of both • cx -_..
7L« Mexican Ueroedy for DWun of th- Bi4-
»-!• aud Hl«4<J«rr. Rell» ra lt» own Merita.
» KAIXEK. AUS A UHUNU. Aceata.
C 3 Market >tr*eu 6. FWBcad for OrruUr.t
"*^E DR. HALL'S BEIN VIGOR ATOR
■fI^WSS I- it* Jiuadred reward for any
H Pfl c*»« »• cannot cur*. Thla »ecret
1 .. ■|, :.-,t .iy atop* all i *•'•• In 14
"""""T C7v? houra. cure* Ktnlaal^ri.. Inipo-
>-. W?N nnty. Varlcocel*. Ooaorraoe*.
-jiiS t>'«i" Oleeu FIU. Stricture*. L«»t
«r*% K»/; uaohood and ali »a»tlo« affect.
r *— Au C f »«jf^.bu»* cr **ce.«»e«. B«at
mHH tl bottle I bottu*. 16; iruar*et«ed 4°
tur. axy c*>* A<J<!r«>* HAM. « MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. JOni* Market •' OaUand. A " P« T *"
J<» »ai* at WISH Market *t. a. «J_*»l prtvati
r.M«>e« quickly cwd. ixo* f «^_ f f;,^r.
1 ?
r.EKLf CALL
Enlarged to 16 Pages
65 per Year*
AIMS ANOTHER BLOW
AT DIVORCE INDUSTRY
North Dakota Supreme Court Holds
That Residence In the State
Must Be Bona Fide.
BISMAUCK. K. D.. Nov. 26.— The State
Supreme Court. In Its decision Just hand
ed down In Graham vs. Graham, strikes
another hard blow at the divorce Indus
try. It holds that residence In the State
must be bona fide and characterized by
the Intention to stay to give the litigant
tho beneflt of the State law. Those who
cam© to the State for tho express pur
pose of procuring divorce do not acauire
residence >*•"*«
While the last Legislature Increased tho
, period of residence requlsito from nlnetv
I cays to a year, this decision will affect
tho status of many divorces granted by
[ lower courts prior to the going Into ef
fect of the new law.
Major Logtm's Will Probated.
TOU>-O6TOWN. Ohio. Nov. 25.— Tho
will of the late Major John A. Logan was
probated to-day. It was made In ChJcaro
May 14. I£3S. Just before he left for Cuba."
Mr. Loean s entire estate Is given to his
■widow absolutely. No catlmato of the
value of the estate has bees filed, but tho
deceased was reputed to bo quite wealthy
Queensland Ministry Resigns.
BRISBANE. Queensland. Nov. 2S.— Tho
Ministry has resigned as an outcome of a
vote of the Assembly in connection with
Lhe construction of railroads. The Gover
nor has summoned Mr. Dawsoo, leader of
toe late opposition, to form a new Cab
inet.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"The Sup* em: Novelist of the Cen-
tury . . . in his splendid
solitude."
BALZAC
Absolutely the ONI.Y complete translation
IN THE WOULD.
M. W. Hazeltlne in the New York Sun
rays:
"ADMIRABLY PRINTED AND IL-
LUSTRATED. BARRTE *. BON'S Edl-
1 tion is NEITHER ABRIDGED NOR EX-
PURGATED, and Is the only ENGLISH
VERSION which may claim to present
EVERYTHING contained in the EDI-
TION DEFINITIVE brought out in
Paris."
THE ONLY COMPLETE EDITION.
"A Gentleman In Tacoma writes to
! Inquire whether there la any English
translation of Balzac that is complete
! and unexpurgated. We reply that
there Is only one such translation, and
that is published by Messrs. George
Harrfe & Son. of Philadelphia."
—The Bookman. Oct. 1599.
•There Is only one way to understand
; Balzac, and that Is to read his works and
to read them consecutively. • • • jj 0
himself Indicated this when he arranged
; his Edition Definitive. •-Philadelphia In-
quirer.
The BARRIE editions of Balzac are ad-
mittedly the BEST examples of book-
making Issued, and have NO EQUAL in
the world.
The TEXT is printed on paper of super-
fine quality from type made especially for
these editions.
Btchl&ca. printed on Japaa paper by
FAIVHE. LOS Kins. OUTJAIIT. I.E SEUER.
JEANNIN. DEBLOIS. NAROEOT.
MONOIN. OAUJEAN.
DECIST. Etc.
After (Jrawino by
ADr:.-N-MOnEAU. TOUDOUZE. rv»nTA2zo.
r.ODAUDI, VIDAL. FOURNIEII.
CAIN. BUSSIEIIE. Etc
The plates, prepared especially for these
editions by the best French water-color
painters (the most capable of Illustrating
Balzac), are unequaled; they are printed
on Japan paper of best quality in the
highest style of art. and are liberally dis-
tributed through the pages.
Full Information, specimen pages, etch-
Ings, prices, etc.. will be promptly fur-
nished by the publishers.
GEORGE BARRIE & SON,
1313 Walnut street. Philadelphia,
THESAN FHANCIBCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1899.
LOCAL POLITICAL NEWS
BOND ELECTIONS
ARE PROVIDED FOR
NEXT MONTH
Election Commission
ers Take Action.
CONSOLIDATION OF PRECINCTS
AUDITOR WELLS' BEQUEST TO
POSTPONE OVERRULED.
1 Provisions Made for Appointment of
Officers at a Reduced Compensa
tion and Expenses Will
Be Kept Down.
♦
The Election Commissioners yesterday
| morning passed resolutions for holding
j two bond elections next month. Auditor
i "Wells asked that the matter be postponed
; until next July, or later, on the ground
j that the city's finances were In such a
, condition that no money would bo avail
able for the expenses of the proposed
elections. He thought It expedient to have
the money appropriated out of next year's
tax levy, but was overruled by his col
leagues.
The resolutions as adopted provide for
the consolidation of the established 303
general election precincts Into 100 special
election precincts. One of the elections
will be held on December 27 for the pur
pose of submitting the question of tho Is
suance of bonds for the acquisition of
lands for public park purposes, and the
other, on December 29, for Incurring an
Indebtedness for the acquisition of a sewer
system, construction of a new City and
County Hospital and the construction of
seventeen new schoolhouses and repairs
to achoolhouses now existing.
Auditor Wells refused to vote on the
1 consolidation of precincts, but voted with
the other Commissioners on all other
propositions connected with the elections.
He stated thai only $65,0i0 was appro
priated at the beginning of the year for
election purposes, and that amount has al-
I ready been overdrawn by $30,000. Ma.
inelan and the other Commissioners,
however, took the stand that the elections
could not bo delayed, and proceeded to
, make the necessary arrangements, but at
i an expense, according to Registrar Step
pacher's figures, not to exceed $20,000.
On motion of Commissioner Tllton it was
| decided to limit the number of election
cmcers in each precinct to four, the com-
I pensation of each officer to be $15 for the
■ two elections.
Bills for the election Just closed were
ordered paid to the amount of $26 296 14.
9. De^ per cent was deducted from the bill
of Cunningham, Curtlss & Welch, owing
■ to the fact that the large envelopes fur
nished by that firm were not satisfactory.
7he same tlrm was awarded the contract
to furnish 75.000 envelopes.
At the suggestion of the Mayor, the six
clerks who have been watching the vault
In which the ballots are kept will be dis
missed next Monday. In the future the
Mayor. Registrar and as ■ many of the
Commissioners who desire will place their
' oliicial seals on the vault and a policeman
will be placed on watch.
The Commissioners adjourned to meet
agnia to-morrow morning, when the of
ficial results of the election will bo de-
I clared.
♦ T%3 .Y 111 nave aa Section." Bald Audi
■ tor Wolls after the Election Commission
i era had adjourned, "but tho money will
have to como out of the pockets of the
city's creditors. This will not be very wel
come news to the merchants who have
furnished supplies and who are now clam
> oring for their money, but the cold, bare
fact confronts us that there will a defi
ciency of over $200 000 in the various mu
nicipal funds at the end of the present
i fiscal year. I anticipated a deficiency In
: the general fund If $6:<0.000 because of tha
j refusal of banks and corporations to pay
on bonds held by them and on the as-
I sessmeuts a* levied by Assessor Dodge.
' I understand, however, that they aro
paying In the moneys under protest and
intend to sue the city for the amounts
claimed by thorn to b« Illegal. It is cer
tain that tho city will bo Involved in end
less litigation, with a possibility of an
unfavorable decision. In that event my
i estimate of a deficiency In the general
fund •.-11! not fall short of the figures I
have stated."
Tho estimated deficiency at the end of
the current fiscal year >-1900 as compiled
by Auditor Wells Is as follows:
Advertising. $1000; burial of Indigent
dead. $S0O; County Jail No. 1. no appropri
ation. $1(W; ... 2. $500; Coun
ty Jail No. 3, $1000; Sheriffs deputies.
$4500; Coroner's expenses. $2.V>; City Re
ceiving Hospital. $500: Bosworth-street
tunnel, extra work. $W00: miscellaneous
court orders. $1500; examination of Insane
patients, $1500; gas Inspector's expenses
(no appropriation). $200; City and County
Hospital. $60<JO; plans for proposed hos
pital. fSWO; Health Department. $40,000;
smallpox hospital (special). $5000; Jury ex
penses (criminal cases). $1000; License Col
lector, blanks, etc., $-'■■•; extra clerks,
$200; maintenance of Insane. $7)0;
I maintenance of feeble-minded chil
dren. $3000; municipal reports. $,V»00;
registration and election expenses
(overdraft). $15,000; two bond elections,
$30,000; Attorney's expenses. $11,000; public
bulldlnjrn— fuel $1000; repairs and furni
ture $5000; lighting $1000; urgent necessity.
$10,000; water for municipal purposes. $15.
000; panhandle expenses, $C0o; Supervisors
' (extra clerks). $300; day watchman, car
penter, etc.. $400; County Clerk's deputies,
$2500; plans and specifications for school
house sites. $2500; Recorder's folio clerks,
$3500; transcripts on appeal. $2500; steno
graphing and reporters expenses (court
orders). $9000; Boys' and Girls' Aid Bo
dety. $1500; street IK'ht fund. $9000: Street
Department fund. SjjOO; stationery for
public offices, $5000. Total probable deficit.
$200,100. . -
One of the oddest Ideas relating to pro
ducing cold air Is to pipe brine Into dwell
ings as gas is now carried. A meter will
register the amount of liquid coolness
consumed.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SURGEON'S KNIFE.
A Better Way Now Discovered, Which
Cures Every Form of Piles With-
out Pain or Inconvenience.
Many people suffer the pain, annoyance
-, lor
:\r.'i uftor try: ny lotiot s.
salves, ointments and 10 filed oup >
.t cure or relief, Kive up the hojin of
.1 cure, rather than rabmlt to the
intense pflln and dancer to life which a
surreal operation involves.
Happily all this suffering It no longer
ary, since the discovery of the Pyr-
amll Pile Cure, a remedy which Is ap-
! by the medical profession as being
absolutely safe, free fr< m any trace of
■ : , narcotic or mineral poisoßl and
whifh may be depended upon as a certain
cure (not merely relief) In any form of
I whether itching, blind, bleeding ><r
prmrudinp. Some of the hundreds of
ntly made are little short of
ous, as a perusal of the following
will demonstrate:
It J W M>Kan. Iveonardville, Kans..
writes: I have used a box of Pyramid Pile
received more benefit and relief
than from any remedy I had used in the
; wenty-two ye ■
Jam ■ ufi. says: I
: r six y - '. .
i ramld Pill I am a well
Hlskly, fc.i Klsslssippl s;r#et,
•<. Ind., s.iys: Have b
sunVri-r frnin th> pain and annoyance of
The Pyramid Pii*
< nr- and pyramid Pills gave I
ate relief and in a short time a complete
cur.-.
The Pyramid Pile Cure may be found at
druggists at 50 cents per package. A book
lie nnd cure of piles will be >em by
mall, by addressing the Pyramid Drug
Co.. Marehull, Mick I
OFFICIAL COUNT
OF THE BALLOTS
NOW COMPLETED
No Material Change
in the Figures.
— »
SOMECONTESTSWILLBEFILED
♦ —
THE SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES
MAINTAIN THEIR LEAD.
♦
Certificates Will Bo Beady To-Morrow
and Oaths of Office Will Be Ad
ministered to the Lucky
Ones.
Registrar Steppacher yesterday com
pleted the recapitulations of the official
canvass of the recent election returns and
the results will bo declared at a meet-
Ing of the Election Commissioners to be
held to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock.
The canvass has not changed the semi
official returns to any great extent and
the successful candidates have all main
tained their lead. The Registrar an
nounces that the certificates of election
will be ready to-morrow morning and ho
requests those who have been elected ac
cording to the returns to make applica
tion for them immediately and take their
oaths of office.
It is understood that contests will be
filed by Feusler for Treasurer, *Jender
eof for Supervisor and Farnham for Pub
lic Administrator, all of whom were Re
publican candidates who were beaten by
■mall pluralities.
Following Is a statement of the official
returns:
FOR MAYOR.
Hcrac« Davit (It) n,135
James D. Phelan (I>.) 23.823
C. U. Cleveland (I. P.) 67
J. H. Hall (3. LO 631
A. H. Coburn (S. D.) 165
FOR AUDITOR.
Ala R. We.li (R.) 24.774
Joseph ■: Gumming (D.) 13.80*
A. McGlnty (a L.) '•■•-"
Emll Ueas (S. D.) M
FOR ASSESSOR.
Albert Heyer (R.) 18.443
Washington Dodge (D.) 33.153
A. G. Swanson (S. L.) 80S
H. WarnecU* Jr. (S. D.) JOS
FOR CITY ATTORNEY.
Charles H. Jackson (R.) 17.637
Franklin K. Lane (D.) 20.315
Cameron H. King Jr. (S. L.) I.oo^
FOR SHERIFF.
John l*ckmann (R.) 25, 5 M
Jeremiah Deasy (D.) 20,82»
Leo O&seer (S. L.) M
George Flaniir.er (S. D.) *>«
FOR TAX COLLECTOR.
Jofeph H. Scott (R.) 24.8G3
Richard P. Doolan (D.) 23.WS
A. J. Oliver (8. L.) l.Go:
Valentine Britton (9. D.) 263
FOR TREASURER.
Louis Feusler (R.) 23.845
Samuel H. BrooUs (D.) 24.084
Richard Lutge (S. L.) 1.075
Ernest Ko«nlg (S. D.) ?-i
FOR RECORDER.
William Z. T:rra:> (R.) 12.139
Kdmond Godchaux (D.) 25,612
11. Strunsky (S. L.) 1.070
John Nugent (B. D.) r«
FOR COUNTY CLERK.
William A. Dean* (R.)... M.275
Dennis Geary ID.) .%•... ." It.ujl
D. G. Morris (S. L.) 1,205
Mark Bartlett (S. D.) 440
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
Alfred P. Black (R.) 22.»T«
Lewis F. Bytngton (D.) 25.473
K. Chamberlain (8. L.) 1.021
W. C. Shepaxd (8. D.) 2iU
FOR "CORONER.
A- D. McLean (R.) 1$ S3)
R. Beverly Cole (D.) 13 CM
C. C, O'Donnell (P. P.) 15.E51
B. B. France (S. D.) 852
Eroll Blhn (S. D.) 212
FOR PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR.
John Farnham (R.) 23 75J
P. Boland (D.) 24 OH
Oliver Everett (S. L.) , 1 ISO
Arthur i;. Andre (S. D.) •„!<$
FOR SUPERVISORS— REPUBLICAN.
Emmet I*. Barrett 22,233
Nathan Blbo W.S4I
Charles Bliss 20.314
Charles Boxton iisNtM
Victor D. I>uboce !23 2ii
Samuel Foster !!"2U474
D. C. M. Goodsell W.TjS
Thomas I. Henderson zz 563
William C Johnson 13|6:s
Mi!o S. Jeffers is""yj
Chariot J. King , \[] !!2o!ow
Thomas H. Morris 21.016
George It. Sanderson ti'<H'>
George T. Shaw 20'i34
Enill N. Turello 18.934
I. J. Truman 2l!"lG
William Watson 19753
Cyrus S. Wright 19|313
FOR SUPERVISORS-DEMOCRATIC.
James P. Booth 23 776
Henry U. Brandensteln !20[20<)
A. Comte Jr 2S.W)
John Connor u'.U*
i'-ter J. Curtis .13,'SW
A. A. D'Aneona f3"23
Lawrence J. Dwyer ti»7
M. J. Fontana 21.824
John E. A. Helms 23 "? v»
Richard M. Hotallng' 27978
Thomas Jennings 25'5SS
A. B. Magulre ; 22 > 7'» l
William N. McCarthy "22 793
Michael C. McGrath '. " 21 to*
Emll Pohll .'22257
O*good Putnam 22*473
Charles Wesley Reed !24'2W
Joseph S. Tobln .'25.17$
FOR SUPERVISORS— PEOPLE'S PARTY.
Henry Albert TM«mtr 333
FOR SUPERVISORS-SOCIALIST LABOR.
G. PoMler , 1132
M. As 1 den .' "** i'i2^
w 1 if oeß , er '-'•'• l! 091
11. Frank j qj*
H. McMahon '.'.'.'.. l'oio
Oscar Bach *** 1050
Thomas B'-rsford **" i*(ri
H. KldJe ::;;;; £(£3
H. Innklpp i«i
W. Hefferln 11.l 022
J. E. Fnrrell IVI
John Dooley l'dtit
Marti:. ' Haaaen ........ .-. ..-.•. .- . ; ..' I.OST
E. W. Carpenter 1 K3
Leon Di?Ville ' I'ntj
B. Fedde '.'im
John Robertson l'tni
M Schwln.l **•* |y
FOR SUPERVISORS — SOCIALIST DEMO-
Mix Block 33j
Henry Muoßge .- S
Robert Goldschmltt »s S
John Carter '"'" »-(
F. \Varnec|ce Sr p# * 3 0 i
Julius Ind»>r»-le« V 2C 4
Jopt'i'h J. Noel k#< j,;;
Chnrles A. Wolff * *™
J. E. Scott ;;; 5-j
H. Uosenblough ■«
Aupust K. Meyer ?SS
Fred gtnhlman 3o:
George Keck Jcs
George Stelnbark 28T
John Camp IS2
Joseph Reuf 2C9
W. E. liutterfleld 2"0
Alfred Fischer 278
FOR POLICE JUDGES— REPUBLICAN.
L. O. Carpenter 16 $85
Henry L. Joachlmsen 19 MS
Charles A. Low M.lbJ
James. L. Nas»«-..-- IJ.IM
FOR POUCE JUDGES-DEMOCRATIC.
George H. Cabanlss 22 349
Charles T. Conlan K.VM
Alfred J. Frits 25.074
Edmund P. Mogan r lw
FOR POLICE JUDGES-SOCIALIST LABOR.
William Tdlln..'. 1 C 3J
11. Carsten*en i 00j
L Trompler KM
C. Prazak 9 ;g
FOR POLICE JUDGES-CITIZENS* REPUB-
I.l' 'AX.
Edwin M. Swe«ney 4 101
A. B. Treadwell t4M
A New California Industry.
Baldwin's Celery Soda. th« new sure cure for
headache, it a new Industry for California
that will employ • large number of people.
The company ha« already purchased over on«
million bottle*. ■ •
MEMBERS OF THE
PUSH HAVE QUIT
THEIR GUESSING
Waiting for Imminent
Announcements.
— —
THOSE WHO ARE IN LINE
■ >
PHELAN AND DODGE FIXING UP
APPOINTMENTS.
♦
The Assessor Called Down on "Billy"
Blattner's Appointment— Present
Employes Will Be Held Over
for Sixty Days.
»
Those representatives of the push who
since election have been actively engaged
In Job-chasing have given up guessing
and axe waiting expectantly for official
announcements. With the exception of
two or three olQces the names of thus*
who are to claim the positions exempt
from civil service requirements will prob
ably be announced between now and th«
firs: of the month. Sheriff Lackmann Is
about ready to name bis assistants; Tax
Collector Scott has already made a semi
official announcement of ni»; Treasurer
brooks has named Jack Rei>s as his sole
appointee, and Ldmoi.d Godcbaux Is still
01 a mind to establish his brother as
chief deputy In the Recorder's office.
Speculation now is chiefly directed at As
sessor Dodge. The versatile Assessor has
already written and broken two or three
slates and is at present engaged, with th«
assistance of th« Mayor, in writing an
other. In the first place he had Intended
to establish Billy itlattner as cashier in
his office. Blattner Is a relative of th«
Assessor, and notwithstanding he Is a
stanch Republican was a leader In
Dodge's llgnt for re-election. Dodge ad
mits that Tact as readily as any one, and
stood ready to make good by rewarding
his champion with a substantial salary.
Phelan and th« rest of tha Democratic
coterie, however, made a kick on party
lines. While they recognized and were
ready to reward Blattner'a service they
thought It might be done without antag
onizing good Democrats, bo they promised
th« Assessor to place his candidate in
Borne other quarter. Since then they have
bten hard at work on Sheriff Lackmann
in an endeavor to have Blattner placed in
his office, but the Sheriff has held out and
will likely appoint Sig Simon or some
other man as competent, if he can bo
found. The push is finding Sheriff Lack
mann not as amenable to •pull as it had
calculated.
So far there has been no one found to go
up against Ed Williams or any of his
clerks for the positions in the Justice's
Clerk's office Mr. Williams has held the
principal duties of that office down for
years, and In all the time of his excellent
administration nothing of suspicion nor
anything more substantial has attached to
him. It is considered a foregone conclu
sion that he will be asked to remain. Con
cerning his assistants there Is a question
of whether or not they are required to
meet the civil service examinations this
year, or llko the Justices of the Peace
continue undisturbed in office until the
next general election.
The intentions of Auditor Wells have
also been a matter of considerable bad
ruesslnx. Mr. Wells' campaign was
handled by his present chief deputy, Dan
Leary. and his son, William Wt-lls. and
Judging from results was admirably con
ducted. Lt-ary was scheduled originally
to succeed himself, but there are those
now who claim to know that Mr. Wells
intends his son for the. main office. If
\\ ells succeeds L*ary. however, it will b«
done with the tatter's consent, as he is
considered one of the most conscientious
and valuable men In the City Hall In
case he does not continue In the Auditor's
office he will be well placed In somo other
department.
nearly all of those now in the City Hall
will be held over as temporary employes
until after the civil service examinations
aro complete and the results announced.
County Clerk Deane intends making no
change, and it Is likely that in order to
facilitate business Tax Collector Scott
will allow things to remain as they are
It is understood that Assessor Dodge will
do the same thing and also City and
County Attorney Lane; In fact. Mr. Lane
Intends keeping his present force intact
throughout the year. Official announce-
m m X are expected from nearly every
office by the Ist of Decrmber.
• TAXES ON BONDS.
Large Amounts Paid to Tax Collector
Sheehan Under Protest.
The Union Trust Company yesterday
refused to nay taxes upon the bonds as
sessed to that corporation at $025,195 A
tender was made of $S4S 95 in payment of
tax £ 3 on furniture. franchise, solvent
credits and money and $2750 63 for taxes on
real estate, hut Tax Collector Sheehan re
fused to accept the money.
ti,^Q Au i Verl vv C il?i l ? pa iil In taxes on bonds of
tM» nR \ a U < £^ ater Company valued
at $l'J.<»oo and J-rtjO of miscellaneous bonds,
stating the usual grounds of protest.
The Humboldt Savings and Loan So
ciety paid 19210 89 under protest, for the
reason that th<- assessment of its per
sonal propi rty Is void to the extent of
»oC.),oi>o on. bonds, which are claimed to be
exempt from taxation.
The Market Street Railway Company
paid the sum of $238.03G92. but protested
against paying $4ti.SC9 75 on the roadbed
and track, assessed at $2,575.445. and also
against the payment of $9750 on a raise
of $600,000 made on Assessor Dodge's fig
ures by the Board of Supervisors sitting
as a Board of Equalization. The com
pany claims that no notification was sent
to it of the proposed raise, nor was any
hearing had thereon.
The San i Francisco Gas Company and
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany paid in respectively the sums of
$1562 53 and $85,421 10 to Tax Collector Shee
ban yesterday as taxes on its assessment
on franchises, moneys and bonds without
any protest.
The Mutual Electric Light Company
likewise paid the whole amount of its
taxes without any protest.
The Savings and Loan Society paid In
$10^924 56, but protested-against paying
$5702 <•'■ on the assessment on solvent
credits, valued at $340,844. The collection
if the sum of $3702 45 will be contested in
court.
Isaac Strassburger paid the whole
amount of his taxes, $1347 *». but pro
tested against paying 1815. taxes on bonds
of the Market Street Railway owned by
him.
VARSITY PRACTICE.
California Lines Up Its Regular
Eleven for Fast Play.
A snappy, fast-pmctlco game of football
was played by the California varsity
cloven yesterday afternoon »»n the Berkt
ley campus. It was the, first time for a
week that the entire team lined up
Hall, left half. Smith, right half, and
Womble, right end. returned from San
Rafael, and showed marked Improvement
In their condition. Piingle and Kaarsberg.
who were al?o laid off. played In their re
spective popltlors. risrht tackle and fuil
hn> k. Hopper played <iuarter»iar*k ir> plac<
of Ellis, who II barred by the action of
til-- athletic committee* ol both c<
The team will line up for n hard prac
tice on Monday, and a taperlnp-off tame
on Tuesday. This will complete the sea
son's work.
Mayor Vetoes Resolutions.
"Mayor Phelan yesterday sent communi
cations to the Board of Supervisors ve
toing order 137. which' regulates the ape
of a .is gfrates and provides for fireproof
material in their construction. 110 nlso
vetoed the resolution fully accepting Bu
chanan street, between Union and Filbert,
because It is not in satisfactory condi
tion, and the resolution authorizing extra
work on the Bosworth-street tunnel. The
work was not included in the origin*!
specifications, but was recommended^ by
the City Engineer. On account of the
marshy condition, of the land It was
deemed necessary to build sustaining
walls estimated to cost HOW.
PR. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
DON'T NEGLECT
YOUR KIDNEYS.
Weak J^idQeys Caused by Over-
work, by Lifting or a StraiQ.
iII ill ipi
1 b 1 " 1 Ml t| i Mf'Smmm
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Wonderful New Discov-
ery, Will Do for You, Every Reader of The Call May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary troubles were to be
traced to the kidneys, but now modern science proves that nearly
all diseases have th.-ir beginning in the disorder of these most
Important organs. *
Now by this is not meant that you should overlook all the other
organs and merely look after the kidneys.
Your other organs may need attention— but your kidneys
most, because they do most.
If you arc sick, do not neglect your kidneys, because at soon
as they are well they will help all the other organs to health.
'
The mild and Immediate effect of Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kid-
ney remedy, is soon realized. It stands
the highest for Its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. Swamp.
Root will set your whole system right,
and the best proof of this is a trial.
You may have a sample bottle of this
famous kidney remedy sent free by
mall postpaid, by which you may test
its virtues for such disorders as kld-
: ladder and uric acid diseases, and
urinary troubles, obliged to pass water
frequently night and day, smarting oi
irritation In passing, brlckdust or sedi-
ment in the urine, constant headach*.
backache, lame back, dizziness, sleep-
>s. indigestion, nervousness. lr-
regulnr heart beating, skin trouble,
Bright's disease, neuralgia, rheuma-
tism, bloating, irritability, worn-out
feeling, lack of ambition, loss of flesh,
sallow complexion.
If your water, when allowed to re-
main undisturbed in a glass or bottle
for twenty-four hours, forms a sedl-
m«?nt or settling or has a cloudy ap-
pearance. It Is evidence that your kid-
neys and bladder need immediate at-
Feared a Lynching.
PORTLAND, Or, Nov. ?5— A special to
the Oregonian from T'nion, Or., says: Al
■n, colored, who killed Hugh
Younger at Baker City yesterday, and
Dick Johnson, also colored, held on a
OUR PEREMPTORY
HEWING SALE
IS PROVING A
GREAT SUCCESS.
♦»»♦♦♦♦»♦♦♦
On to-morrow, Monday, we
will ; place on our counters a
SPECIAL CONSIGNMENT
of Black and Colored Dress
Goods, Silks, Ribbons, Domes-
tics, Hosiery and Cloaks and
Suits, aggregating in value
$15,000, which will tbe sold at
sweeping reductions in price.
[/if Murphy Building-. -X ."
Market .aid Jones Streets.
i tentlon.
Swamp-Root Is th« great discovery
of the eminent kidney sp-<-iallst. Dr.
; Kilmer, and is used in the leading hos.
, pital«i recommended by skillful physl-
; clans In their private practice, and Is
i taken by doctors themselves who hay«»
; kidney ailments, because they recog-
nize In It the greatest and mw
cessful remedy for kidney and b
\ troubles that science has evr b-^n able
'; to compound.
If you have the slightest symptoms
of kidney or b. r if there
Is a trace of it in your family hi
send at once to Dr. Kilmer A Co.. Bing-
hamton. Iff, T., who will gladly 'send
you by mall Immediately, without cost
to you, a sample bi p-Root
and a book containing many
thousands upon thousands of testimo-
nial letters received from si:
; cured. Be sure to say that you reaa
; this generous offer In the San Francises
Sunday Call.
Swamp-Root Is flr>r sale the world
over at druggists U ■ f two sizes
! and two prices— so cents and tl. Re-
j member the name, .Swamp-Root, and
I the address. Blnghamton. N. V
I charge of Incendiarism In Baker. City
were brought here to-day and lodged in
Jail. This move was marie on the purt of
• the off errs of Baker County to t'jwart
a threatened lynching. The negroo* were
taken out of the Baker City Jail r,ecretly
and brought here on a freight train.
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO
TENDER
SKINNED
MEN
Shave with CUTICURA
SHAVING SOAP, and be-
fore cleansing the face
gently rub a bit of CUTI-
LIRA (ointment) over
the shaven part. Wash
all off with CUTICURA
TOILET SOAP and hot
water.
This simple and inex-
pensive treatment will
make shaving a pleasure
and prove a great com-
fort to those with tender,
easily irritated skins.
Bold thrr>-j*fcoi:t the world. Price, CCTirrnA
Pbaviku t*<>Ai\ !><•.; CtTicvKk Toilet Soap,
Sto.; OTIrfKA (olnunen*', .'-00. I*«>TTElll>BC<>
avd Cntw. CoaP., Sole rrnj*., ■»;.>n. "Ail
Atoot the SWm. t*ca!p, and M»ir," free.
GAY PETTY OFFICES.
A S. Williams Wanted on a Charge
of Attempted Criminal Assault.
\ B
■
-
X
■
TrmpP«r'» Oil curi-u rtieurr.atJim it r.^uralrl*
Drufft:l»t», .W fl»»k. Hlrh»rd* it Co. 4u6 Cl*y.
ANDREW MARTINS ESTATE.
Widow Applies for Letters of Ad-
Thereon.
■1 at
This is a week of Turkey and Cranberry Sauce, a week of Thanhs-
giving—and it's a week of
TOP COATS!
• Cur College Chums- I lIV don't have to tell you
: ■ STANFORD, U. C. J tm th 6 Top Coat is the
* r> ./ Miniature Football free to you. * swell coat for little chaps
« Boys, Monday, and all next week. J between the ages of 4 and
©************^^****^^ # lo years, It's th i all-ini-
g|gj^ .^^ port ant dress-up over-gar-
~^P*^\ — -Z? -^nvenir-for-littte chaps /or
yk i /-' winter
IK* . J jS^ ll' Litl Of
/?p§\> ? IN TAN
^/H I f)^ COVERTS,
r"V; r : 2 f Is W^^^^^^^^^^ But you know they're tai-
/ A pa 1 X'^C^^S^' '^-^^ lored, they 1 re built fust
I . W like papa's overcoat. All
\ v s\ the life, smartness and
C 'jH II 1 ___i^i r^~^^-r7 snappiness are infused
|s_ "=^ y/^^^TteST^ -r» z/l^° / ' / "' waking <>/' our
/ \*l p*% Sorts' Top Coats: velvet
s^ fl^ ' "" — — ' collar on 'em : raised welt
,* X __rr — ~> >>'t)>) on the cuff: the new
* "^ W w sewed-on cuff effect / as
— ' .^__^J^3^?fi-JT^^r^^^s^^^i^____,__ ' good a coat as you'll get
fidfiks!^, ■* uni/whcrr (if $t).
JP^\. • - "^—^^ Monday /or tittle chaps
v jG^ z^- " between ages of 4 and 15
* JsL. * years at
BSr~ s ; ~^^- $3.95,
— jk^ ' '' -^ \ • -^?Xv ? ' —■ - U n e ce ° a
.^^^^^fflßl^^"' My TOP COAT '
Uttle Maill '
'A^niuitiS^^J^Kni( r Aril All 3
\ vv \ J - B Vr?3 "J;" J , • ■ 22? c i*S »v i H] " Cor. Kearny St. & Union-Square Ay.
IMP J TO )[' It (JUT) 1 BfilJJfl 1 imr? II lu 'l I™,| ■
I KINQ PINS FOR OVERCOATS.
BOY STOWAWAYS
CAUGHT ON THE
TRANSPORT OHIO
Discovered Soon After
Vessel Sailed.
SENT BACK ON PILOT BOAT
WAITERS LEAVE TRANSPORT ST.
PAUL IN A BODY.
♦
Three British Ships and the Four-
Hasted American Bark Arthur
Sewall Racing to
England.
The transport Ohio, which sailed for
Manila last Friday, had more passengers
aboard than the Government contemplat
ed sending out. The vessel went out into
the stream on Thursday nght. but the
extra passengers were not discovered un
til the- Ohio was well over the bar 'on
Friday morning. It was pretty rough
and the chief officer was making every
thing -nut;. Passing one of the lifeboats
he saw that the canvas cover was loos
ened at one end. so he proceeded to lace
it up. While doing so he caught sight of
a very woebegone face, and an Investiga
tion showed .vix boys, whose ages ranged
from 6 to I- years, curled up in the li.it -
tom of the boat and all deathly seasick.
They were all got out on deck and .it
once began to cry and beg to be sent
home. As noon as the pilot boat l.aily
Mine hove In sight and Pilot Mcl'ulloch
was ready to go aboard her the t-ix young
sters* were put into his boat and he agreed
to land them at Meiggs wharf. Yesterday
Pilot Fred Jordan brought the pilot boat
In, and after giving the lads .i good scare
let them go. They said their names were
Kddie Wilson. Robert Murphy. Eddie
Hrown. Joe Smith. Dick Barnes and Eddie
lllggins. They told Captain Jordan that
six more boys were stowed away aboard
the Ohio and that they were not going to
appear on deck until the vessel was two
days out. as they had plenty of "grub"
and water. When discovered the boys
will be put ashore at Honolulu, and from
there sent back to San Francisco.
There wan trouble on the transport St.
Paul Just before she sailed for Manila.
The chief steward and the engineer's de
partment were at outs, and the trouble
only came in a climax a few hours before
sailing time. Then the engineers de
manded the dismissal of the chief stew
ard, and the men in the hitter's depart
ment said th.;. would o.uit In a bony if
"the old man" was let out. The engineers
retaliated by threatening to quit In a body
If the chief steward w. re kept In the ship.
As it was easier to get stewards than en
gineers, the company chose the lesser evil
and dismissed the chief steward. There
upon all ; .')■■ men In the steward's depart
ment, to the number of thirty-two, walked
out. and their places had to be filled at
the, last moment.
An interest ing race to England is now
in progress. the participants being the
British ships Province. Invercauld and
Puchalburn and the American ship Ar
thur Bewail. Owing to a breaking bar.
the vessels were detained several clays,
but all got away yesterday an.! are now
makliiß pond headway before a freshening
breeze. The Sewall has the most valuable
cargo In the fleet in fact she has the
most valuable cargo of merchandise ever
taken out of th? port by a sailing vessel
She has barley and wheat aboard valued
at $IS,M4 and canned goods valued at near
ly half a million The Province carpo of
wheat Is valued at 55fi.7<«\ the Inwreauld's
barley and wheat at 5.'>3.3. r >7 and the Duch
alburn's wheat at JTI.OiS.
The Nippon Maru sailed for the Orient
yesterday with a large cargo and a num
ber of enbin and steerape passenßt-rs.
Th« battleship lowa is to leave for a
practice cruise some time this week. so
this will be the last time for many month*
that visitors will have a chance t>> <•■<» the
.•-hip that did such Rood service in the de
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1899.
BRAVING DEATH'S TERRORS
IN THE SMALLPOX CAMP
IT was not any surprise to the many
friends of Surgeon A. H. Olanniiil,
U. 8. A., when the report was made
public that the young doctor had
charge of the smallpox honpttal
and that he would personally look af tor
the soldiers of the I'orty-eighth Regi
ment that were Htrlcken down with the
dreaded and dangerous disease. Every
body that knew the phyelciun or bad
ever met him reudlly recognized the
fact that he had gone to his command
ing oilici.T. and with a seen sense of
sslf-sacrl6os had expressed the wish
thai he might have the detail to care
for the sufferers Mild to act In the ca
pacity of physician till all 'danger was
passed. Thin 1.1 not the first time that
It Glanninl hnn acted In a brave man
ner, a ltttlM over two years ago, when
Miller, an Inmate of th*« City and Coun
ty Hospital, wan attacked with typhus
fever. Dr. Glunnlnl, at that time an In
terne of the hospital, volunteered to
nurae the unfortunate man. Hit* faith
ful work In thin ea«e almost cost the
vounc physician hi* life, aa the long
vigil In a draughty tent and overwork
laid Olannlnl low, and he wan a lon* time recovering his former good health.
When the League of the Cross camped at Santa Rosa last year Dr. Glanninl
actM as Knrgonn at the encampment, and he endeared himself in everybody's
heart by the kind, gentle and conscientious way that he attended the cadets
who responded to "sick call."
The young doctor has seen service at both the harbor and park hospitals,
but shortlyafter the war broke out resigned his position in the Board of
Health department to accept a commission In the army.
The many friends of Dr. Gtannlcl will wish for the best and hope that no
harm will come from the young man's brave act. and feel assured "that this ]«
another example that chivalry and knightly acts can still be found In this up
to-date nineteenth century.
on of Cervera s tWt. pptfrson s
launches will rutu t ti tho battleship
from the Folsom-streel Beet every ten
minutes after 1 p. m.
brig Galilee »;•>: in from Tahiti vpj-
Bveirything vras iiui«n at thi'
when sh«' left £iv- brought up
th« i. •- ■ of ("pr.-i ;iiiil epeoanuts.
■ 1 [olmea anil a p.-irry of
r.-iiit.ia.i officials made an excursion
around the bay "n th<- State t kit Governor
Markhain yesterday. Th.- si.> of th«>
wharf !■> I>.- bulU at Little Main street
for the Bants Pc was Iniipected Tho offl
riais were: Third Via President Barr of
the Bants Fe W Nevin. Koneral manacer
of the Southern California and Banta !•'••.
m, lice president of
the Valley Railroad, and w. X Storey.
chief engineer of the Valley Railroad
l'uliit HichniMinl was also visited.
GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN.
Who Is Highly Indorsed by Most
Eminent Doctors, Lawyers and
Clergymen.
The American authority on matters o?
sanitation and hygiene, "The American
Journal of Health." lays: "George
Mayerle"* latest and most Improved
method in examining and correcting
most complicated cases of defective eye
sipht has been approved by the highest
authorities." Weak eyes, poor sight and
continuous eye trouble can at once be
overcome with Mayerle's glasses They
strengthen the eye. brain and nerves and
make seeing a pleasure. Mr. Mayerle has
received testimonials from highest I'nlted
States army, navy and Government
ortlclals. which Is the most convincing
evidence ever Introduced. Mr. Mayerlo
will make examinations '••• of charge at
1071*4 Market street. San Francisco.
Evenings until 0. Is., mall orders are
accurately filled. •
■ ♦ ■
Put His Eye in Mourning.
William Martin was convicted In .lilfiK^
■ rday on a charge of
■<• and vu ordered to appear for
•o to-morrow. William B. Now
land was tn« mplaining witness .-mi) h<*
.it with an eye in th ■•
-: mnurnlns He and Martin w.-r.>
employed »>v the Haywood Brothers
Chair CnmOany, tE» Mtaaion rtreet, «n<l
Martin blamed Kowland for being dto
day evening he
. ■■! for Kowland and kh\<- him ■ severe
n«r.
DR. A. H. GIANNINI.
SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS
AGAINST JUDGE TREADWELL
IMPEACHMENT PROCEEDINGS
THREATENED.
Owl Drug Company Claims That He
Is Responsible for the Escape of
James H. Barnett. a De
faulting Clerk.
Serious charges have been preferred
against Police Judge Treadwell by the Owl
Drug Company, and instructions have
been given by the managers of the con
cern to Its attorneys, Stratton & Kauf
man, to begin Impeachment proceedings
against him. The specific charge is that
Treadwell is responsible for the release of
James H. Barnett. a clerk employed by
the drug company, who was arrested in
September last on a charge of petty lar
ceny. It was alleged the prisoner, by his
own confession, had misappropriated
over .1 thousand dollars during a pe
riod of eight months. This amount had
been stolen in sums of two and three dol
lars daily.
presenting ■ satisfactory
borni i" the sun • . ; vu released by
<"uni.tr:. « in • 1,!,,;,, r U be iras r.-.
arrested on the charge of misdemeanor
embezzlement and brought before Ju.l««
well. The defendant i attorney eon
: th.it the charge of p.-t t >- la
should l.<* dropped and th- case brought \'»
trial •■!] th.> latter charge of misd< n
embezzlement, but th< attorneys for t h»»
<»%\l I»niß Company refused i request t.>
that effect. Thereupon Judge Treadwell
released the, prisoner on 154 cash I -ail af
iting the former i«nid «.f tSOO.
Finally Judge Treadwell released the i>ri>
<>n. r«■ n his • •w. , r: ,l n t »«•
tooer tt th< .iuiy drawn
down i>v the <l< (< ndant Tt
for trial befon Judge Treadwell for N..
vember 21, imt in the meantime Barnett
bad quietly left the city.
X E Mith • if thf < >wl c«m-
Is hiKhly Indlgnani at the action «>f
Jn.l>;.- Tr. ad well In | Barn< tt
Tm i :,t;iiiist Bnr
• l Mr. Miller last night, "and
• ase "f his ball and
tii- substitution "f recognisance
tion*b • be i.-a^t. if Jndge Trtad
wt-ii knew that Barnett w<>uM not be on
ii the fiat.- set f'>r trial, then th.-r.>
-- dearly abundant Justification for im
peachment proceedings. It i;» a fart that
f.ir N'nvpmhrr I'l in oppo
sition to th<- protests "f Prosecuting At
torney Carpenter, wM desired an earlier
•i ■•■ Barnett confessed to Captain <'ulll
• l myself that hf> hTI t..-.-n stealing
Byst« ma tl rally from us, and it was an out
allow film to go <m his own recog
nizance Treadwell's conduct in th«- tn.it
nly i subject for Investigation
and wo int< nd to thornuphly probe it."
SOME ONE HAD BLUNDERED.
John Williams. White. Serves Nine
Days in Jail for John Williams,
Colored.
There wns consternation In the City
Prison and in Judge Trea4weU's court
yesterday when it was discovered that
John Williams, charged with vagrancy,
was missing. Officer Wallace was satis
fied that he was taken from the court to
th®- prlsnna-wwk-as<», Serj^eant I-lnd
helmer was satisfied that he had been re
leased on his own recognisance., and a
note of the fact had not been made on
the prison register, but this did not sat
isfy the court, who demanded that John
Williams be brought before him.
Clerk McQuaide searched the. records of
the court and discovered that John Wil
liams, a colored man, had been sentenced
to pay a tine of $20. with the alternative
of twenty days, for discharging firearms
within the city limits on November IS. A
commitment was sent to the prison. Wil
liams was released in a few hours, a
friend having railed and paid his fine to
Sergeant Undheimer, but the commit
ment was not destroyed.
John Williams, a white man charged
with vagrancy, had been arrested the day
before and his case was continued for a
week. When the County Jail van came
In the afternoon for prisoners, the col
ored Williams had been released and the
white Williams was sent in the van on
the commitment for twenty days of the
colored Williams.
Williams, the vagrant, will be brought
from the County Jail to-morrow to stand
his trial after serving nine, days through
a blunder of the prison officials.
A MINING MAN'S WEDDING.
I. L, Moore Marries Miss Emma E.
Spering of St. Louis.
A wedding under ronvmtle circum
stances look place in this city a few days
ago, when I U Moore, prominent in min
ing circles in ki Dorado, Placer and Ne
vada counties, married Miss Kmma Efi.
Bperlng of St. Louis. At a recent date Mr.
Moore removed his headquarters from
Auli\irn to lhis city. Mr. Moore, who Is
vice president of the Lucky Marion
Quarts Mining Company, whose proper
ties are situated near Georgetown, and
the manager of interests of St. Louts cap
is, Was not ]o!)K settled here when
Miss Bperlng came to this city. Mr. Moore
quietly procured a marriage license and
Justice of the Peace Barry officiated at
the marriage ceremony. Mr. and Mrs.
Moore will make their residence In this
city, unless the 'nrlde. who Is hlfchly con
nected In St. I .mils, can convince her hus
band that the home of her childhood Is
the place in which a truer happiness can
be found.
Receipts of a Street Railway.
The Market Street Railway Company,
successor hy consolidation to the North
Reach and Mission Kail way Company,
•■ < It) May certified to the Hoard of Super
visors that the Ki""ss receipts of the latter
company from ai ust 1, isiis. to July :u.
IV'!*. amounted to the sum of|M7jMl 35. The
certificate is made In pursuance of an or
der approved by the hoard in K*>9 granting
to the North Beach and Mission Railway
Company the rltfht to lay down and main
tain a street railroad, and providing that
the grantees should each year pay into
the city treasury 2 per cent upon the
Ifroßß receipts In excess of the frross re
ceipt* for the year IWS. which last were
subsequently certified to be $306,180 10.
Divorce Suits Filed.
SultsNfor rilvnrrp wore filed yesterday
hy Julia A. Williams against Georj?e Wil
liams for des*n*tlon: Sarah K. Pollack
against David Pollack for cruelty; Robert
H. Small against Janet Small for lntom
neranc«-; Kulalla Romero against Paul
Romero for failure to provide, and Anna
■ imonJs against James J. Edmonds
for cruelty.
SHIPS OF FIRST
CLASS LONGER
THAN WHARVES
Modern Vessels Need
More Room.
• —
IMPROVEMENTS A NECESSITY
MONEYED INSTITUTIONS ARE
INTERESTED.
•
Banks, Insurance Companies, Large
Estates and Capitalists Have Ad
dressed the Harbor Commis
sioners Asking for Action.
•
The discussion concerning the lack of
facilities on the water front to accommo
date the shipping of the future at this
port increases in Interest. T. < '. Frtrd
lander. whose utt« ranct s w<-r.- reported in
an interview in Tin- Call, insists that the
wharves are entirely too short for vessels
of the llrst class, sudi as ;w>- in common
use on the trans-Atlantic lines. Then are
thirty vessels regularly running as pas
senger carriers between N> \v York and
European ports that are over 5"0 feet in
length, and there are al*»i s.-v.-ral freight
■teamen of Kr»-at size. The teadenc] In
Fhip-liulidtiiK >s to produce larger \
San Francisco, says Mr. Ftiedlander, win
have to provide better facilities, larger
wharves and more of th«Tn. or commerce
will not be h-ld here. Bhlppinf will ko
where the best facilities ar.- There are
already several vessels running out >f
New York that an- over t i"" feet long, and
one that la over TOO, the last meni
being the <>-eanlc. The following are
among the first-class vessels :i I
afloat: «'ampm.ia, US feel long: Locanla,
00 feet; Kaiser Wilhelm dtr »;ro.<.-e. 64&;
Kaiser Frledrich. 600.
Figures recently published in The Call
gave the l.nvths or the various wharves
existing on the water front at San Fran-
Borne ar.- less than EM feet long.
Many of the vessels in common us.- on th*
Atlantic would therefore project beyond
the wharf ends If th< y \\«r>- to pui in h< re
to dock. There will be a great Increase :n
1 ominerce here, says Mr. Frfedlander, !f
the facilities ar. provided for Brst-clasa
ships. The North Central Improvement
Association has written to the Hoar.! f
Harbor Commissioners that all the influ
ence of th«* association will t.*- i ack if
any movement to secure better w
for thf section of the city front north of
Market street.
Among th>- member? of the North Cen
tra] Improvement Association are the fol
lowing: Hank of California, <■■•.'[■►:• R
FltCh, William Babcock, All!..
ance Company, C. de Guigne, Demlng-
Palmer Milling Company, Joseph A
ohoe. John T. Coyle, Joseph Brandt
the Fair estate. <;. rman Savings and Loan
Society. John F. English, J. H. li
liibernia Bavings and Loan Society, B.
\v. Hopkins, I.' ndon and San Franclt ■«
Rank Main & Winchester, Alfred J. Mar
cus, Merchants Exchangi \-- elation,
James Palache. San Francisco Bavings
Union and the Selby Smelting and Lead
i 'ompany.
\ - in earnest of the association's desire
».i advance the Interests of the community
i>y aiding the proposed Improvement and
extension In the shipping facilities of this
port. President II P Bonntas yesterday.
In response to an invitation or the Harbor
Commissioners, appointed the following
commlii"- t>> meet with th<- commission
at an early date f'>r th«- purpose of de
vising ways and means to secure the
legislation necessary t" attain that •
Charles B. Neal, representing th«- Fair
.state. 11. H. Taylor, representing i« 0
Mills; Leon Bloss, William Babcock. flans
Bpreckels, A. J Ralston, A .1 Marcus
11. K. Botbin, «;e.,rtr.' A Newhall, Jam.-;
Palache. A meeting <>t the committee will
i>e held as soon as the members have slt<
nlfled th<-ir willingness to serve and per
f.-<-t nn organisation.
There are others who urge the imprnv.*
m.-nt r.f th.' s.-.M|on south of Market |
I le by the ext»-nsion of th,
I and the construction of modern
and sufficient piers. Mr Friedlander be
lieves thai the work on the south of Mar
ket street Is ■■! tr. m and pressing im
• . and there an- many who share
Inlon on that point. No on.- h i
been met who does not believe that the
city must have more wharf room. The
principal point of discussion on the main
|SSU( applies to the manm-r of raising the
money thai win he needed
Th.- advocates of Immediate improve
ments on a larn>- scale, commensurate
with the incr.-nse of the commerce Of tin
port, point out that it will take many
io complete the seawall if the only
moneys to be expended are those t<> l.*
derived from the port charges and rents.
An issue r.f bonds would give i !.»• ready
money to do the n usary work, imt .\.-n
that means ■ delay. There must j>»» action
by the Legislature first, and then ■ f. .nd
election subsequently. Every one appea r t
to think that the idea of extending th-
pier line, so that the wharves will I
feel i"HK Instead of 800 a^ now In
An amendment of the law Is necessary as
m t»r<-HmtttHt v. it i* nrTi Iroprobabte chat
the harbor improvement will come up '...■
fore the Merchants' Association at the
banquet to morrow nltfht for discussion.
Cushion Materials
Our assortment this year surpasses that of
any previous season in variety and elegance ;
now there is an abundance of room for the
convenience of our patrons while doing their
holiday shopping.
Cushion covers
A beautiful line of cushion covers, stamped and tinted
for embroidering at 30, 50 and 65c, including back ; also a
variety of designs for Berkeley and Stanford cushions;
also the new coon cushion covers ; conventional, smokers,
cross-stitch and poster covers — all this season's novelties
of the most desirable styles.
Materials
We now have a complete assortment of enrds, fringes
and ponpons; also a new patent tassel edging for finishing
sofa cushions ; cords and tassels for tying cushion corners.
Our assortment of sizes is complete and our stock very
large in down, downalene and floss cushions in sizes from
16x16 to 28x28 inches square.
Tapestry
A large variety of tapestry, 50 inches wide, Persian
stripes in all the latest and most desirable coloring for
cushion covers, draperies and all upholstering purposes at
65 and 85c a yard.
Figured poplin in solid colorings— a rich fabric used
extensively this season for cushion covers ard draperies-
excellent value at
$1.75 a yard.
129 Kearny St.
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
..--...._■ : j^VEETISEMENTS.
Linen Department.
SPECIAL OFFERING.
This week we will offer a mag-
nificent stock of new Housekeeping
Linens at EXTREMELY LOW PRICES.
BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS 3 uardS
long and 2 yards wide, good designs, '
&3.00 EACH
BLEACHED GERMAN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS 2'
yards square, very handsome designs, ' a
56.00 EACH
BLEACHED GERMAN TABLE DAMASK, extra heavy
and full 72 Inches wide, «# 2~2 ~ v«»~v «»~
91.^5 YARD
HAND-LOOM TABLE LINEN (Irish manufacture), full
wldtb and extra heavy duality, ysc yard
FULL SIZE LINEN HUCK TOWELS, HEMMED, HEM-
, STITCHED and FRINGED, In both white and col-
ored borders, &3.00 DOZEN
EXTRA SIZE HAND-LOOM HUCK TOWELS, colored
borders assorted, $4.50 DOZEN
FULL SIZE BLEACHED DINNER NAPKINS, warranted
pure linen and a fine variety of designs,
&1.50 DOZEN
BLEACHED GERMAN DAMASK NAPKINS, 26 Inches
square, 15 different designs and full double damask,
&3.50 DOZEN
We will also show a complete assortment of Hem-
stitched Linens in TRAY CLOTHS, NAPKINS DOY-
LIES, TEA CLOTHS and SCARFS. Also a great
variety of DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, from 2 yards
to 5 yards in length. All with napkins to match.
111. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET. ,
SLAVE TO ABSINTHE.
Alma Howard Has Developed an. Un-
controllable Desire to Steal.
Alma Howard, who from her lore of ah-
Flntho has developed a mania for taking
thiriKs that do not belonß to ho r. appeared
in Jmiir>- Graham's court yesterday on a
chance of petty larceny. Sho had told the
Judrc on Friday - M li a woeful tale of
holner a gentlewoman in distress and of
being the victim of a vcrsrf nil woman th it
he allowed her to so on on own recognis
ance. Yesterday when he learned that she
was arrested August 1 and *ot thirty days
for tteallng ■ shirt waist from a dry
Roods stor** on Mirk- • street, and waa
known to the police m ■ petty thief, he
ordered her Into custody and continued
the case until to-morrow.
Aim.-i claims sh.- is ■ relative of the
aristocratic Fairfax family of Virginia
iin<l the widow "f ;t Dr. Howard of Louis
ville, w1 i ■ > committed Mill-id. •. The
snv that overindulgence in absinth.' has
inflamol her imagination. Sh<- i-j n..w ■:•■
rused of stealing •» gold pin fr<>m h>r
landlady, bui Ph»- say? that it
h. r l.y .!.>. j>h McCarthy, a miner fr..rr
" : ...
Ladlrs' tall. r-nmfl»- suits, fur cap««. clnaka.
fre'llt. M. Rothschild. 334 Po«t it. •
I "Laugh and the World Laughs With You."
BUY YOUR GROCERIES OP
O'Connor Bros.
122-124 Ninth Street,
AMD YOU WILL LAUGH.
21 lbs. Granulated Sujrar 11 *
Best Flour. 60-lb. nack ." 9.V
Good Eastern Oil. S-gal t^.
Large box best Soda Crackers 45c
Best Eastern Him i>
Four packages Klngsford Starch r>c
Good Butter, per square . 35-
Japan. English Breakfast or UncoV-
ored Tea. per lb 33-
Choice Breakfast Coffee, per •■..." iv
Good Rice. 23 lbs $j oo
Give us a trial Satisfaction guaranteed.
Country orders solicited.
Finest Thank:«rlvlng Turkeys in th© city.
TELEPHONE SOUTH 633.
( CTAI/CC Without doubt we sell 1
1 1 I lIVpN m " re "toy.i. than any '
JIUI L '^»other , ipm In Son
, IVnnc! hji>.
1 The reason I* pluln— our price* «nd
Ji Crcnt variety are juot what peopla (
1 want. CaHh-or-liltlc-at-a-timc.
I Stove* that we £Uumntce from $10
1 up. '
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.), !
1017-1033 Mission ameer.
flbov* Sixth. '
FfcHt Booth U. Op«a Enalart. !
Bisque Ware
Bargains.
It'- Worth Your
Coming just to See,
Great American Importinji Tea Go.
Store* Everywhere.
100 Stores.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J^EAHNT AXD WASHINGTON -RE-
■m modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD m,
«°. uro^«n Pl»n. Hi aw, IN to $1 to <Uv-
16 to |8 week; $8 to ™ m nth. Frew bath, hot
•nd cold water every room: Ore crates In •>».
room: elevator run» all nlchu r
Weekly Call $1.00 w YmPages I! to 20
ELWOOD BROWN'S
WIFE REFUSED TO
GIVE TESTIMONY
A Letter to Catherine
Haigh Presented.
IT REMAINED UNIDENTIFIED
♦
THE TROUBLES OF AN AMADOR
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE.
Adjourned the Hearing. Ordered the
VitßMi to Return, but at I
Reports Sh<- Had Failed
to Obey.
|
' ■
■
■
■■ -
■
■
:
MR. AN!) MRS. HERMAN WESTERFELD, WHO LOVH
>v MORE.
wni<*n time it is tnourht nrown can
he produced «nd the hearing continued
with."
BIG MINING DEAX
DwinHl Mine in Siskiyou County
Sold to Boston Capitalists.
The I»wlnell mine in .Siskiyou County
has been *»U\ by FMp.ir T. Wallace to a
Boston pyndicat« tor fU.'i.OX). Althuugh
the deal has bwn under c -mslderatlon for
tome time the consummatl m did not take
piace until yesterday, when all the ar
rangement* were finally "ompleto.d. the
price paid and the formaJ transfer of the
property effected.
Tin* Dwinell mine Is one of the oldest
:.nd be*t known o,uanz j.rop»Ml««s In Sis
kiyou County and has proved ;, source of
pn.nt to all that have at any time been
connected with It. Negotiations for Its
purchase were opened by the Boston capl
taJlMe al>out a year ago. when they bond
ed the property with the understanding
that If their Investigations should prov»»
patl^factorv they were to hay« the right
of purrh.'iying It at the above figure.
The mine Is one of the richest In the Oa-
Ecl!e district and Its new owners intend
putting in over JIOO.OfKt In Improvements
before starting to work In earnest to ex
tract its treasures.
Will Erect the Fire Escapes
When the cases of James A. Snook,
president of the Ban Francisco Heal Ks
tate Investment Company, charged on
eight complaints with rvf using to erect
Man'!i)lpes and lire escapes on th<« school
property at Market and Fifth streets, of
which The company Is the lesse«-, were
«a»Jl«Hl In Judge Slogan's court yesterday
the defendant promised to have them
erected as poon as possible. Tho Judge
continued the cases lor a week to glvo
l.lm time to carry out his promise.
""^
PRISON CELL
FOR THE MAN
SHE CHERISHED
Mrs. Westerfeld's Ro
mance Ends.
SEQUEL TO AN ELOPEMENT
HUSBAND THREAT
SAYS HER
ZXED TO TAKE HER LIFE.
Young Wife Alleges That While She
Danced at the Tivoli Her Better
Half Spent Her Meager
Salary.
» _■
The course nf true low never did run
smooth, but in Herman Westerfeld
Jr.'s case it seems to have selected its
roughest o urse. Yesterday afternoon
Mrs. Orov*da Westerfeld swore to a com
plaint In J::iij:e Mogan's court ■ r^inp
her husband with threatening to take
her life. Hark of all this lies a romantic
story of love's young dream and a rude
awakening that should serve as a T»-rrt
l>le example to all afflicted with a desire
for marital felicity.
Young VWnterfeld will be remembered
as having rhout a year apo. In spite of
ihe wishes of his sweetheart's mother.
~arried off Oioveda Raymond to Stockton,
where they wore promptly married. And
then his troubles boean.
The young couple returned to this city
and went to housekeeping but the task
proved too much for Westerfeld. and then
for two woeks his mamma -in -lay kept
the pair at the Hotel BalbOEL When the
paying of hoard bills became monotonous
Mrs. Raymond notified the latest addition
to her family to "pet" — and he pot. But
against her mother's wishes Orov-.-la
"got** with him. and when shortly after
ward abc •went to visit an aunt at Sacra
mento he accompanied her.
About h week aftor their arrival at Sac
ramento Mrs. Raymond was roused from
her after-dinner nap by the telephone.
and. to uff her own words, was "almost
knocked out" when she heard her daußh
ti r was extremely ill. the attack beinj;
caused. It was alleged, by her husband
nssertinK his authority by thumplnj; h*r
with a broom. Naturally, when Mrs.
IVesterfeld recovered she soupht the shel
ter of the maternal roof, and from her
mamma's arms she refused to move when
petitioned to do so by her now repentant
spouse. But after a while she rejoined
him. and as finances were at a low ebb
she accepted a position in the Tivoli
chorus, making her first appearance ap
propriately enough in an extravapanza
railed "Bluebeard. "" For this she received
six dollars "per." which, according to her
MTMon, »er lord with rare thought fili
ng* drew himself In order to take care
of It. And tukt- car^ of It hn did. The
next seen of her l.y her mother was a
month afterward, when she arrived at
homo penniless and In ra K s. h,. r diamond
brooch being loft with an accommo.iat
capitalist with a plac« f buslneuron
Third Mroo t> vhlXo nrr wedding "in,- re
poFtd In tho Mm- tafe repository"
Even this experience did not 'kill her
young affection, for according to hor
mother's statement Hr-nnan i^rlodlraHv
appeared with tho golden rlrdet. and then
hor daughter eft with him. onlv *" ■ reao"
pear In ■ week or two tans clothes £?£•
ring, sans everything. lncSl Bans
The culminating point, however wan
reached when on th« night of the ,•..,,?';*
nia regiment's return Oroveda fiiiniV.i ««
tho corner of Market and Third strL?«
This last experience, duo It | ( claimed T to
the bread and water diet on whl7h .h2
I was forced to subsist; killed whatever
! a ot love 6lle i till nourished for h ,
h\:«> i-:r
Westcrfeld has lately been employed by
| a sign writer at 717 Market street and
: while eyeing the passing thron r yester
day morning from his employer's w-incin»
noticed his wife sauntering by r, lndow
mediately hurried to the street and ioin«i
. her. Her first words were not e nco Ur
j apliiK. They were: "- our
I "It'll a wonder to me you don't wear «i»
I cent clothes." To which he replied wi'ivi
proper scorn: lla
"Never mind the clothe». Dot. I «•.„.
to s P eak to yon." Want
Dot. It fhould bo explained, was Her .
i man's poetical abbreviation of Orovedn"
: which he round rather a mouthful In ih«*
j days he. wan Riled with love.
Dot. however, walked on. remarking as
she did so that he was "a cur." Just then
her cousin. David Rosenberg, came up and
threatened to fall a policeman. With other
j llKht conversation of this character the
trio walked up to OTarrell and Stockton
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1899.
OFFICER JACK COLEN AND THE MURDERED LADY
How Jack Colen Worked Up His First Murder Case.
OFFICER JACK COL.EN. he who
looks after the well-being of the
turbulent shopping district of Sut
ter street. Is a new addition to the
police force of this municipality.
Yet his ambition has been tired to do some
great deed, which in one bound would put
him in the very front rank of criminal
catchers— something that would place him
on a more than equal footing with the old
er members of the force. The opportunity
came last Thursday night. Colen grabbed
It as a turkey cobbler would grab a June
buK. and now he la rather sorry he did not
forego the chance.
<"l»-n. before he became a "copper." was
a beau of the Fire Department. No or
dinary beau was Colen. a regular out
and-outer was he; a flim-flambeau. whose
apparel was a I'erfect blase of glory. A
flame was he whom no woman could re
sist. and of such warmth that there is i
tradition among the laddies th.it on one
occasion an line, seeing him pan the
house, "rolled on a light, never waiting
for the horse".
■ man Colen was a success, itut
.a ■ . m for a man of bis
f-i irit. Fires were too Infrequent to kiv<»
him the excitement h.e craved. He needed
something more bracing. \\\\> r>- could h<
:urn and find bis lonßed for stimulant^ 1
The pnll<-e force. Just the thiiitf I!.- would
cet himself appointed nm! tak>- s chance
• .'i tb>- old moth- iten
poppers what young Mood could do.
Th>- first few months of Jack's career
n i guardian of the/ public morals were
■tfnl Nothing turned up more ter
streets, wher^ V feellnp hr wn«»
outclassed, left them.
Jiint here It wa»> that the allf-Red tnrratr
ctcrurred which occasioned the warrant.
■ tring as he tur::. .1 t. « \W
op O'Farrell streei thai "he would call on
her mother I md would come pre
pa red
Wi .-f-rfeld said last nlpht thai as his
wife had been threatening to obtain ■ <li
v«ir^>' fr«.m him hi- ■topped her ;" the first
opportunlt] • ratio) • • ito h«-r In
•h. Aa he did not know her eoustn
red ii'>i to talk before him. and
left th.-m t»-ilinn his wife thai if *h"
wiFhed h divorce he would visit her in t>i
»-v»-r.lnK. prepared to make arrangement)!
that would be satisfactory to her.
A DISEASE-BREEDING POOL.
Death Threatened at the Potrero by
■Land-Locked Filth.
The citizens living on the south side of
the Potrero ha-. <■ presented an urgent ap
peal to the Board of Supervisors "for relief
from a deadly cesspool that Is threatening?
the life and health of the entire commu
nity. Some time after Kentucky street
was Riled from the Potrero to South San
Francisco another fill was made to a
tend Army street to a connection with the
former thoroughfare. Hoth fills were !nto
the bay over the mud Bats, and the exten
sion of Army sir.-l made ■ huge pool of
over fifteen acres, which Is now full of
slimy fetid, disease-breeding water, there
belns'no outlet to the bay. All of the re
fuse liquids from the vinegar and yeast
works, the bone and fertilizing works and
th*» sewers from Army and adjoining
streets are emptied Into this big pool, and
the stench tha: arises therefrom is caus
ing no end of sickness In that section of
the city, which would be ■ growing neigh
borhood. .. . . '■■'■
Within the past Fix months ■ number if
deaths have taken place there In conse
quence of the, dißßUstlnK pool, and diph
theria and other forms of fever are now in
a degree prevalent In the Potrero. A peti
tion signed by all the people living within
many blocks of the place was yesterday
presented to the Supervisors. asking that
a big cut bo made through the fill in Ken
tucky street so as to allow the tide to
flow In and CSITy out. the filth of the
place. It will require a culvert of at least
fourteen feet to secure the desired results.
FRENCH ALLIANCE BALL.
Successful Entertainment at Native
Sons' Hall.
The concert nnd ball Riven last nlpht at
Native Sons' Hall for the benefit of the
m hcnls of the French Alliance was a suc
cess In ever) 1 particular. A lar*e audience
listened to the concert programme and
many remained afterward for the dance.
The concert programme opened with an
overture by the orchestra, which was led
.irene I.eßallet. This was followed
by «n address by ITesldent M B. Welll.
•\ c.imic KonK. ''ft Famllle Grosnlchou.
by Ernest I-nssale, ac<-omimnled by Miss
I'Uillc lilltlK and a Spanish serenade by
Misses Hlanche Leasall«t, Jeanne Kscaig.
Bcholastlque Qlseara and Josephine Knbln
were tli>- i;«*xt numbers on the programme.
ft .•iiil<- -"ing by Paul Olrard. a fantasy
"f "Faust" by the orchestra, a rendition
of the "AlttotS Musicien" by Dutch Wal
ton and a monologue. "The Inventor."
completed the first part of the entertain
ment.
Dancing followed till an early morning
hour.
'if.vir.R than an occasional drunk or '•v.tr"
to disturb the quiet of his evening rev
eries.
But the days passed by and Colen's
chance seamed as far off" as ever, until
Officer? Leonard and Caples took it into
their heads to help it along a bit. They
procured a coeoanut. which was fashioned
to resemble a human head. On this they
painted a face, after fixing to the top a
wig of long raven tresses. Then tney
stuffed a dummy body with straw.- and
making a pair of legs out of broomsticks
and arms from some laths, they lire—
the whole thing up In woman's clothes
and deposited it on the floor of room 1 in
the lodging-house at 520 Hush street.
The lights were turned low. the furni
ture was disarranged so as to give, tne
place the appearance of having been the
scene of a frantic struggle, and a boy was
dispatched to Colon to acquaint him with
the fact that a murder had been commit
ted on his beat. The two officers stationed
themselves at a corner which Oolen would
have to pass to reach the place of the
tragedy.
In a, few moments they saw their victim
hurrying up. accompanied by Officer Nel
son. whom he had summoned to his as.
slst.mce.
"Hello, <"olen. Where are you going in
men a hurry?" asked Leonard.
"I toie youse fellers mt- ehand would
come." replied Jack. "If youse had acted
df-cent I'd <»r let youse in on if Biti t I
ain't er rubberin fur any help from
do* Me an' me frlen Nelson cap
manaee this ourselves. If th' sargeant
comes tell him wese on <-r murder case.
So long," aid he vanished up the strc.-t
In the direction of the lodging-house.
LITTLE WAIFS
VICTIMS OF A
WOMAN'S WHIMS
Charges Against Mrs.
Reed.
THE EUREKA SOCIETY ROW
•
WILL DISINCORPORATE TO END
THE UGLY SCANDAL.
♦
Children at the Home Tell of Cruelty.
Abuse and Neglect — A Shock
ing Condition of
Affairs.
The Eureka Society for the Protection
of Children will soon be a thing of the
past. At a meeting of the directors last
evening St was decided to disincorporate
I and go out of existence. A policeman was
present to nee that the members did not
fight. A committee was appointed to at
i tend to the dissolution and place the chil
dren of the Eureka Boys 1 Home in char
itable Institutions. The conditions making
this necessary originated at the very in
ception of the society, Borne four years
ago. The organization was created out of
the California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children and from that time
I on It has been in a turmoil, petty factions
striving to hold control. It has been open
ly charged timo and again that the desire
for power was prompted by such illicit
perquisites as the unscrupulous could
"graft" out of the cases coming to Its
door*. Suffering, neglected childhood was
a second consideration to the dollars and
cents that could be filched out of the so
cial position of the body.
The Immediate cause of the breaking up
of the body was the repeated charges that
the home on Sanchez street was being
conducted in a shocking manner and that
the forty-odd waifs were • being Inhu
| manly treated. In order that last
evening's actions of the society
may be understood It ,Is necessary to
state that at a recent meeting nearly all
of the old board resigned and an entire
new board of directors was elected. Then
came the charges against the manage
. ment of the home and the new board re
fused to accept tne positions to which
they were elected, Charles Montgomery
the former president, seeing that some
, thing had to be done, called together the
old directors and announced that he
thought It time to wind up the affairs of
the 'society, but before doing so It would
be well to have some grounds for such an
action, ■ something • more than • the many
charges and recriminations of blackmail
j bribery and dishonesty that have disgust
Fisher, the proprietor of the house, was
In the scheme, and resisted the entrance
of <"'olen and his ally until the former
threatened to hr.-ak not only the
but the proj.rietor'? head as well, unless
he was allowed to enter.
He was Riven the keys and told to go
ahead.
The door of the room was difficult to
unlock, but Colen persisted and finally got
it open. Th» sight that met his gaze v i>
terrifying and would have unnerved the
boldest. There, lying on the floor, where
she had fallen in her last agony, was the
body of, the woman.
'•Here. Nelson, youse stand guard an' I'll
go an 1 ring up th' Morgue." said Colen. as
be hurried away.
In a few minutes he returned, and while
waiting for the approach of the dead
wagon he took frequent peeps ;>t the aw
ful thing, lying so still and quiet on the
floor amid the -darkness of the room.
Finally some one itusgested that there
might possibly be i me remains of life In
the body. and suggested that Colen go in
and see. He was vorv much averse to «he
experiment, but Anally entered and tak
ing the body by th. arm started to turn
It over. The arm came off In his gra>p.
and Colen. grasping th«» sleeve-coveied
lath, turned just In time to be greeted by
a perfect howl of laughter from th" cro-vd
around the door that had been augment
ed by the Morgue officials and a number
of brother officers, who had been put onto
the J.,ke and who had gathered to see the
fun.
There may be another murder in the
near future unless the Inching that Col»n
is now receiving Is brought to an abrupt
end.
ed the public with the organization. To
this end he had brought In several little
children. Inmates of the homo.
One by one they were brought Into the
Inquisition room and questioned, and the
tales they told of the treatment they had
received wen shocking In the extreme.
Their stories reflected anything but credit
ui»on th.- matron. Mrs. H.itti. Heed, who
according to their simple tales, has been
guilty of revolting cruelty, neglect and
even brutality. All testified to have taken
vermin from their persona in numbers
that shocked every listener. Little Willie
Yoeman stated that he bad been plunged
Into cold water on the pretext of being
bathed, and before the wet was removed
was hipped with a ruler.
Another witness wai Mrs. John i
who has nil aioi.g been the supporter oi
the matron, but who was not ;ifr;iid to tell
what she beHeved to be the tmtii and ac
knowledge thai she had been deceived
Krom :i persona] Investigation sb< i ■ I
found that the children had I*. -en poorls
fed and suffered f>.r the necessitli
the society had paid for and which had
been converted Into luxuries by Mr
and her f:iniiiv. The latter, according to
the Story, had liv<d at tho horn- and on»
of the latter. Pearl Reed, a violent tem
pered girl, had frequently assisted the
moth.-r in her abuse of the lit 1 1«- charges
of the society. According to the state
ment of Mrs. Petto- th.- matron had pre
vious to being Riven the charge of th»>
home, been arrested for cruelty t<> chil
dren. Mrs Pettee stated that the reason
that Mrs. Reed had not been prosecuted
was that sh<> (Mrs. Reed) paid Frank Hol
brook. the former secretary. $20 to silence
the matter. Another charge was that
Pearl Reed had been receiving company
at unusu.il times of th" nleht and had
compelled the children to go nut for beer
and Whisky for herself and company.
Mrs. Reed was given ■ chance to tHi
her side of the story and she denied that
she had been either inhuman or neglect
ful of her little charges. She also denied
tho Insinuations "iralnst h«-r daughter
statlnß that It was only ru.it beer that
was taken into th.- home. K. [ Wadham.
also an ex-secretary, stated that he had
learned enough of the conduct at the
home to make him take from Its roof the
children over which he had been appoint
ed Runrdlan while he was a member of the
society.
At this point K. Mnrchand. a director of
thp-e weeks, begged to resign, aa he had
had enough of the "dlsgiisting affair."
Oiairman Montgomery urged him to wan
and help wind up the affairs of the unfor
tunate Society, and In order to head off
any further argument on the matter he
appointed J. F. OBrlen and Acting B
tary Heanston as a committee to attend
to the disincorporatlon of the society.
Mr. Montgomery stated that while" there
had been rumors of abuse and neglect at
the home, the matron had always been
upheld and supported by Dr. Dalzal and a
few other members of the old hoard, who
would not hear of having her Investigated
or dismissed. On one point the chairman
was emphatic and that was that food sur
flcient for three months had been provided
for the little ones at the home. He ap
pointed Mr. O'Brien and Mr. Beanston as
a committee with full power to act to see
that the children at the home are distrib
uted among the charitable organizations
of the city.
Wounded a Neighbor's Cow.
John A. Reese, a rancher near Ingle
side, who was accused of putting a
charge of buckshot into Mrs. I^houilller's
cow July 12 last. Instead of into a chicken
hawk, had his case dismissed by Judge
Mogan yesterday. The Judge advised him
to be more careful In future In taking
aim at a chicken hawk.
HO MUN'S DEATH
TO BE REPORTED
AT WASHINGTON
Six Chinese Compa
nies Take Action.
WILL PREPARE A STATEMENT
HO VOW. THE CONSUL GENERAL,
TO INVESTIGATE.
Rev. Dr. Endicott Gardiner Defends
the Act of Chief Dunn of the
Chinese Bureau in Refus
ing the Permit.
Rev. Dr. John Endlcott Gardiner. Chi
nese Inspector and Interpreter, has made
the defense for the "Chinese Bureau. He
stated that a Chinese Inspector and Inter
preter, Mr. Da Silva, had been specially
detailed to visit the Mall dock, the County
Jail and other places where Chinese Immi
grants are detained awaiting the decision
of the Collector as to their right to
land and to ask each prisoner whether
he Is sick or well Mr. Da Sllva reported
to Chief Dunn that he saw Ho Mun with
the others and that Mun said that he was
well. Dr. Gardiner paid also that Chief
Dunn declined to grant the request of Mr.
Costello for a permit for a physician to
the County Jail because Ho Mun on that
very day had denied to Mr. Da Sllva thai
he. was sick, and the chief did not wish to
allow an opportunity to any one of coach-
Ing Ho Mun as to what his testimony
should be.
The matter of the death of Ho Mun In
the County Jail with no medical attend
ance and the false autopsy slip In the
Coroner's office were the prevailing topics
of conversation in Chinatown and In Fed
eral circles yesterday. At a meeting of
the Chinese Six Companies held last even-
Ing the details of the affair were pre
sented to Ho Vow. Consul General at this
port for China, and it was decided to
bring the case to official attention In
Washington.
The meeting was attended by the Consul
General and a large number of represen
tative citizens. Some caustic speeches
were made and much Indignation was
expressed. A committee was appointed to
draw up an official statement of facts to
be presented to the Chinese Consul Gen
eral. th»> chief feature to be the action of
th>' Federal officials in refusing Ho Mun
a physician while he was sick in the Jail
and after his attorney. Mr. Costello. hail
notified the chief of the Chinese bureau of
that fact. Action will be taken In the seat
of Government later from the statement
of facts as detailed by the committee.
Knocked Down by a Bicycle.
A reckless bicycle rider, while spinning
CUPID SCORES ONE MORE
CONQUEST IN LOVE'S GAME
£X ffi ISS EDNA E. HEWES and
//\/\ Geor&e Lyman Dealey were mar-
George I.yman Doaley were mar
11 )&> \> rinl yesterday morning at St.
Stephen's Episcopal Church, Ful
ton and Webster streets. Rev. Dr. Lion
performed the ceremony. The church was
beautifully decorated with flowers and
evergreens and was crowded with the
relatives and friends of the contracting
pnrtt»«. Th« bride Is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. C. \V. Hewes and a prominent
member of ihe Delta lota Chi Fraternity.
Mr. Dealey Is connected with the firm of
Pealey Bros., the official photographers ■>(
the School Department. Both have a wide
along Market street last night at a break
neck rate of ppe«?d. knocked down Frank
Stoddard. a young man. who requires the
aid of a crutch to help him nlon? through
the world. Btoddard was standing on the
street nt Seventh, waiting for :i car. when
the cyclist ran him down. The Injured
man was conveyed to his home at 33 Pond
street and attended by Dr. -11. who ad
vised him to go to th*> City ar.d County
Hospital. whfTP Dr. Bailey dressed hi*
wounds, which are severe, but not neces
sarily of a fatal character.
FAILED TO AGREE.
Jury Not Unanimous That Harad.i
Kept a Reasonable Lookout
for the Train.
The Jury In the rase of Jlro Harada vs.
the Southern I'.idtic Company remained
out all of Friday night and were taken
Into I'nlted States Circuit Judge Morrow's
courtroom yesterday morning and were
discharged They stood on the final ballot
three for Harada and nine for the railroad
company.
Harada brought the suit to recover $20 -
250 for the loss of a leg. three fingers and
three toes, the result of tn-lng nin MTCT
by a train at the crossing of Railroad
avenue and Everett street. In Alam-da
on October 14. ISWv Harada was crossing
the track at the time
The railroad's defense was that the
Japanese did not keep a lookout while
he was on the tracks.
Berlin booksellers are strictly forbid
den to sell school children books stitched
with wire, as several cases of blood poi
soning have been traced to scratches from
rusty wire.
Pages 11 to 20
FISTS AND GAS
WERE A WOMAN'S
DEADLY WEAPONS
Lively Scrimmage on
Dupont Street.
DISASTROUS FAMILY FRACAS
HIS INFURIATED WIFE BESETS
GEORGE STROWBRIDGE.
After the Man Had Been Covered
With Bruises His Assailant
Attempts to Asphyxiate
Him.
Oeorgo Stowbridge. a coachman, ha* for
weeks lived In mortal dread of his wife
He has several times attempted to smug
gle his clothes out of the house, bur «he
has balked all his efforts. He weigh*
about 125 pounds and hi* wife Is thr*«
times hea\ ler
The Sfri'Wbrldges live • ipont
street, and yestcrda) Mrs Btrowbiidga
started In to drink »-arier In th.- <lav than
usual Str mt of her way
till the afternoon, »nd when he saw her
go Into i saloon he r.:; upstair* to their
room and was packing his clothes. wh#n
she entered suddenly, cribbed htm by th«
hair and threw him a<T".«-' the room. A<»
he Jumped to nil I • hit htm op the
eye. knocking him down T'nder pain of
d»ath sh*» compelled him to dUrob* and
gr, to hed
Aft.-r Strowhridge had fallen Into a gen
tle slumber Mrs Strowbrldge turned on
the gas and. locking the door, went I -
ll<lii"r up again The Inndladv smelled th«
■ d. forcing opfn the door, discovered
Htrowbridge asleep In bed and the room
full of gas She notified Policemen K'vfi
and Snowball, and fhev rang f^r th*»
patrol wagon and Ptrowb'idge was taken
t.. the Receiving Hosplt il H»> was su'
ferlrig more from fright than fr>>
effects of the gas and was «non out of
dancer.
Mr« Strowhridge was »rr«>s»ed b
policemen and sent In the patrol wagon
to the City Prl«on. where a charge .->f
"drunk ' was registered against h»r Sh<»
Tasy fr» m drink ard i-reated such a
rll^turbance that she had to be put In fh«
dark cell H« r hn-band will not proh
nbly charge her with a m«>re ■■fiOVfl of
fense.
Strowbrldge has been married eight
years. He was then coachman In the.
Crocker family and she was the French
cook. Now he says he wants to get away
from her altogether, as he Is constantly In
fear of his life
Sale Made by 0. D. Baldwin.
Through Inadvertence It was announced
in The can yesterday that the sale nf th<»
lot and Improvements «.n tho northea-*'.
circle .of friends, by whom they are mucn
admired.
corner of Taylor and Eddy streets by XV
A Df ano to Mrs. M. A Skctly for $76.00)
was negotiated by Thomas Mugen & Bons
That firm declines to claim credit for th-
Mile, which. It appears, was mud* by O. I>
Baldwin.
METEORS' ABSENCE EXPLAINED
C D. Perrine Tells of Heavenly
Bodies and Their Habits.
Those who peered long and faithfully
at the heavens on the 15th. and yet were
disappointed had an opportunity of get
ting even nt Academy of Sciences Hall
last night. C. D Pen-in*, who Is assist
ant star-gazer at the Lick Observatory,
had photographed all kinds of meteor*
and comets, and a screen at one end of
the hall was converted Into a temporary
firmament across which stereoptlcon heav
enly bodies flew From what Mr. Per
rine said It was gathered that the meteors
had materialized, but something had
switched them out of the terreitlal field
of vision, and the few that appeared a*
billed were obscured by tog and mist.
Many admirable charts were shown by
the aid of the stereoptlcon. In which th«
action of these eccentric bodies was made
clear.
To Reward Injured Firemen.
Communications were receded by the
Supervisors yesterday from the Board of
Fire Commissioners recommending the
payment of $30 to James Walsh of #ngln«
company No. 11. 1150 to James McOlbb«n
of engine company No. II and $75 to W.
Frodsham of truck company No 3. who
were all Injured while in the discharge
of their duty.12
VOest
POE'S KICK TO GOAL
WINS FOR PRINCETON
Tigers Defeat the Wearers of the Blue
by a Single Point in a Splendid
Contest.
Princeton 11, Yal© 10.
NEW HAVEN. Nov. 25.-Jort on*
short minute before the close of
oue of the greatest football con
tests ever played between Prince
lon and Yale, little Arthur Poe.
Princeton's right end. a member of the
famous j ■ ■« family, «'.r- ;■;••■<: a beautiful
goal from the field and won the game for
the Tigers by the narrow margin of 11 to
20. Ail the more remarkable Is the fact
that Pee never before In practice or In
a same attempted to kick a goal from
the field.
— To cay Yale w»s worprtsed, dutn
founded and chagrined by .-it kick la
to put it very mticuy. for up to that time
the Blue «v seemingly a sure winner.
Princeton had scored previously, after
twelve minutes of play, mainly through
a grand thirty-two yard rua by Reiver,
who carried the ball nearly to the Yale
coal line, wl.tr;-. after a brave battle by
Vale, It was pushed over for a touch
down. Fortunately for Princeton, the
goal was kicked and *.i points scored.
lor ten minutes later Yale had pu»he*i
the Tigers back to their *o«_. through
McUrlcc s great punting, and a block kick
gate Yale a touchdown. Allhougn
i*rown'» ligJitiOtg work In gttiung
through the Hue vas responsible tor Uw
L.X..C »;•■■! kick, the failure of the goal lin
lutjQiatii. miv mi. gave Pnnc«iua Lhe
... -j. 6 to b.
Tae Tic*rs felt fairly- «a*> with this
*rr»aU i..i it,.:; until j.vo minutes later.
wbea Suarpe, Kale's l ***"* > * . brought
♦•be enure iilue crowd to it* feet by one
• \ ;i.« mult byecutouiar fioau ever lucked
c.» » iooibaU uclo, beiiaiut,' i--u boil be
tween -i.v it.miuii »■.■». yusu irom bucii
OX Uic .viy -iiv«-> jtru lute.
V. :ua Uic score *v u> »> in nw favor, lale
;.ijej _;.(. »ecolid ..-.1 iUUlu*l entirely
•i. v. c acleukiva, tier Unc cmuauitf -.•
fcr&UUl>' 4iKIUHJ»I Ui« uIUuaUfULk Ol tilt
I Iftxtfc
mom ,■ -. was it in— • — ••. in Yale *
*.t::.iui> -a tine bait, blmoufiti Princeton
:.ou- v>u* *bi« Ui k«i ir.w bwi bcyoud o«r
• ii»..uus :.:iuui.-\*ia Una. 11 _ ...
ue woadcr, tntreiuie, uut ivi- b kick,
•which wiu probably live ior«ver iv fnuce
ton'a tootbaii n».tnUb, .... wucu tns
«.:.u:-«s 'i". e cr crowd uad almost up
iiop«, ttiould have vlfcina«d Ui« Prince
ton coUortt to tuch a u^ic* ;i*a.i ;:.<...
•vent lairly crazy vitu joy. And tlu»
i>eat-up eutiiuMtotai buibt Jorth witn re
;.aw energy ftlxty 6ftoond« uuer, wLru
the :xlc;'-u » \>:.:.-:.o «naed ttia batue »a
ud« ot 11*0 grtu.t»bt aemun&trauunx cv«r
*«en on ih* I'<U« liuia. Tne i'nnceion
ruotors \n:t cuxupa.rauv«:l)* lew in lium
bcrs, but us tney ci:ari;ed over lli« tenca
fcurrouniicd Uie gTiflirifll and sure ou
to Uie nt!d the vmuine o{ cJluluuii bound
it:.: skyward wouid nava Uuii* CJv. to
<i mi^bvy :
It *v.» i :..;:.»;.•.:> a kiokius gam* and
tho kicKit:^ v> >-•->■ — ii'"-£>« a. klix>iig Dre«ze
vbich L.cw alutwki diT*oU>' duwn iUe neid
«..•: <<<•> tiuufib : r I'i.ie in the :.i»; j.a..:
i.j.a rvaJiy auuuttcd auaibst Prlnceiuii in
me bccoiid, for Wheeler & lu&fc punts were
caxned over Yaie'b b /j. .;:.<=, vii.iuu gave
the Lluc a number v :!<-•-• yards.
;u> j:;:-« wtu c&uiy th« »ur punier,
t' :. j. s the ball -.%.u. . Heady, sure act
10 just the right .-,. vi*. w neiui, on the
cgber baud, whil» kicking aimo»t «•
feirong as his rival, u*ea puor judgment
!.:.■: wraj ■-.;.: ::„:.!.;. ei-.ougii to nave oat
« : hl» puius blocked, allowing YfaJe to
■core.
Uut while the pur.tiug w..» excellent on
both tides, the i»u licid goals were the
tenant ions ot th» afternoon. When tiis
«jdds were plainly In Vaje'e favor In the
jiuniiiitf !.■ i'.ix'.r..- m the Princeton f>>r
•..ar;> and running backs proved mucli
th«s stronger, especially in tne first hair.
.McCord Mimed to have no Cimculty In
i • : .::.h through any part ot the Vale ili.t.
vhilu ncltcr'b iiuineioua cuuws around
Uxt ttiiie, the right. oi;e especially, were
ihc features of ...... running game.
iinujer. }...■: right eiia. lound himself
jk* kited time *:kj again by Princeton's
ii^crleremt. and his inability to naal his
man va» ri>j«jn«bl« lor Keller's long
run and the .-...:■•■ ;..<-:u touchdown.
"iale'e line tiineiii-d materially ia the
recond haJl. bjni liquid, takln;; Sultjer's
place, f • • ; , • v niHijy of the end run*. This
wu all tne mure commendable when it
U realized that while alxnot-t- the entire.
Princeton learn wan changed before the
tanio «v r.iiishod the iieah men could
xnako but little lmjireshlou upon th« Yale
line.
Uoth team* played straight football
throughout, lew trick plays b*lng tried.
Th*re were no fake kicßs. gmard^Dack or
Muaxt«rback kickk. It was piuiigiiiK at
tthr lir,««. runs around the ends witu a well
rl*xt«-<l Interference, and both teams
thewd marvtJous «>pe<-d in g-etting the
j'lay uniirr way.
I'riuceton, if anything, excelled in start
ing hrr backs into the iilay, but the speeJ
rhnwn In 'Jit rlrst half was larking In the
»«?cond. The I*rlne«ton defense, however,
•was the feature of her game. Except
•when driven bark to her goal line by Mo-
JJride's long punts the ball we* almost
always In her opponent's territory*, ami
«-fpocially co in ths eecond half of II. •
game.
Five times Princeton held Yale on
downs and secured the ball, while her
forwards burst through the blue line a
number of Units and threw the Yale
barks for five and ten yard losses
Kdward*. Princeton's big jruard and cap
tain of th« victorious team, played bnl-
Jiantly In this respect, getting through
his ox>ponent, Gordon Brown, with tne
greatest ease and tackling flercely. Iniaci
all the I'rinceton team seemed to have
acquired the act of not only nailing tnelr
men. but of throwing them bax-k two or
three yar-ls. The tackles on both nides
played Uerccly. but Hilkbraud was forced
to quit 'he game an.l I'ell was badly
usf*d up. while th« Yale tackles. Stillman
and Fran-:!*, were quite frrsh at the «nd.
Th*» fleet Princeton ends wore much
too speedy for their Yale opponents, and
Po«'s work from ptart to finish puts him
at the head of the ends of the country
Ills partner. Halmtr, was not far be
hind, and the brilliant work of tho pair
in gettinc down the Held, as well a* break
ing up the Yale- interference, wai highly
E<risational.
There wu tome fumbling and three
limes Mcßrlde. in bucking the line
dropped the ball aid a muff by HutcHn
»on, Princeton's guaxterback. gave Yale
her chance to kick her goal from the
»<-! d.
The teams lined up as follow*:
T«J«. Position. Princeton.
Kubcll ..-._.._. .left «nd — P*t*r-Ropar
•francis ._ — left tar*)* e ll
Brown ..- left ituard Cr*lf-Mill»
Hal* c«titer Booth-nam«r«i
OleoU rtgtat guard Bdwanla
ettUman rlrnt taekl* HlUe^ii'nd
Gouia-Snltjer tight end U ?£
Finck* Quarterback Hutrhlnon
Burke
Bharr-e un halfback...... .....McCorJ
O. I^athrop*
]tirh«r4a ........right half back Rotter
Xna* McClaTe
Mcliiid* — ~ fallback — ~» heeler
Mattis
T(N»cfa4o«rm-Reltcr. UeßrMe.
Goals — Whe«3er.
Oeals from Bharp*. Po«.
Time— 2l minute halv«s.
Chicago 29, Minnesota O.
CHICA.GO. Nov. 25.— The University of
Chicago football eleven ran up a score
of 29 to 0 a(aln*t the team of the Uni
versity of Minnesota to-day. The Min
nesota eleven were unable to eolve the
mass plays and close formations of the
Maroons and were played off their feet
in the flrtt half, Chicago making 23 of
tho » points In the first part of the came.
In the second half the visitors did better
Sporting Svents from All Over the bUorld.
and once got the ball within fifteen yards
of Chicago's goal line. . , ■ ,
Carlisle 81, Oberlin O.
CARLISLE. Pa.. Nov. 25.— The Oberlln-
Indlan football game to-day resulted In
a victory for the Indians, by the score of
SI to 0. Oberlln was entirely outclassed.
In the fin=t half the Indians scored 62.
and In the second half all the regulars
were taken off the Indian team except
Wheelock and Redwwtsr. The scrubs did
almost as well as the regulars. A num
ber of the Oberlln men were disabled, and
Pferee. the Indian nan: lacklo. was dis
abled In the first half.
Chieo 6, Sacramento 5.
CHXOO, Nov. 2b. -In a hotly contested
game of football between the Comus Ath
>t:c Club team of Sacramento and the
Chico Normal eleven here this afternoon
the latter team won by a score of 6 to 6.
Minor Football Games.
DENVER, Nov. 25.— The rauch-talked-of |
football game between the elevens of j
Denver rival athletio dubs, the Denver '
Athletic Club and the Denver Wheel !
Club. «v« played en the Denver Athletic;
Club s held this afternoon. The Denver !
Athletic Club not only added another I
victory to its list, but maintained its rec- i
ord of not having bet-n scored against this ;
season. The score was S9 to 0.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. &. -Central High
6chool, 17; Topeka High School. 0.
riTTSBURG. Nov. 2i.-Duquesne C.
and A., 14; State ■•.'■%•; 6.
EVANSTON. 111.. Nov. 36.—Northwest
ern, 2l»; Purdue, a.
ST. LOUIS. Nov. 25.— Illinois University.
25: St. Louis University Alumni, 0.
CLEVELAND. Nov. 25.-Western Re- !
serve, 26: Ohio leyan, 0.
NASHVILLE. Nov. lerbftt 21;
Central University of Kentucky, 18.
SPRINGFIELD. Nov. 25.— Wlttenber.
10; Ottonbein. 6.
TOPEKA. Nov. 25.— Kansas University.
£3: Washburn, 0.
PORTLAND. Nov. 25.— University of ,
Oregon. 0; Multnomah Athletic Club. 0.
FALLS AT A JUMP.
Steeplechase Horse Breaks His Neck
Nt Bt.nning-s.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 25.— A distressing
accident occurred in the steeplechase at I
Bennlngs to-day, when the gelding D •■>•- '
break owned by W. C. Hayes of the New i
York Meadowbtook Hunt, fell and broke
hie neck. The accident occurred after the
third turn, at the third Jump, opposite
the grandstand. The rider was hurled
away to the right of the field, but es
caped Injury, although stunned. Results:
Selling. three-}"«ar-oJ<2 and upward, seven fur-
I'sit- f'nn Rice won. Taturct second. Kilt
third. Tim*. 1:23 -
Maiden two-yetr-olds, six furlong* — La Vega .
wen. 1.'.».e Skip •eoond. Griiivdeur third. Ttiae. ,
1:11
Hunter** championship ne«pl«cl:ast. about ;
four milaa— Diver won, HiKt>> «ec>>ad. De^ar
nett« third. Time, B:<t.
Han.*., two-year-olds, «tx furlong*— James '
won. si. .l:,*>- Lacaa ■•cond, Kirn Whip third. .
Tlc.e, 1:16 i-».
Two-year-olds and upward, mile and 100 yards !
— Kinslkinnlck won, >~&Saeilo second, Bribk
third. Time, 1:81.
Handicap. tbree-y«*r-ola'« »nd upward, mile
' and a quaiter — \\>:-»r won. Beta Ideal second,
VVarrvntoa third. Time. l:l£.
Bennett Defeats Zeig-ler.
CIIT^AGO. Nov. 25.— Jack Bennett of
McKeetport gained the decision over
Owen Zelgler of Xew York to-night at
the Chicago Athletic Club after t>U
rounds of clever boxing.
ASSOCIATION FOOTBALL.
Vampires Defeat an Oakland Team In
a Well-Fought Game at Pre-
Bidlo Grounds.
The Vampires met the Oakland Aeso- ;
elation football team yesterday afternoon
on the Presidio athletic grounds, and
.■■:.. closely contested (an defeated
them I goals to 2. The kick-off was late,
not being made ■■'■■:. The Yam
plies won the toss and chose to defend
the north goal. Douglas Erskine kicked
off for the Oaklands. Play was even for
the first quarter of an hour, both jjoals
bring now and then In danger. William
son scored first goal for the Vampires
from a corner kick. Up to half-time the
play was in favor of the Vamplre.i, thb
ball being kept mopt of the tin near the
Oaklanders' end. On resuming there was
even play until Bird put the. ball throur.h
from a scrimmage In front of goal. Scor.;,
1 all. Oakland then attacked vigorously
and kept the Vampires busy until Morse
scored another corl. The Van.; i how
ever. Boon equalized matters. Williamson
carrying the ball up from a pass from left
wing and kicking it between the posts
Score. 2 all. The Vampires, led by Casldy
who played a strong game and* covered
the ground quickly, scored another goal
making the score 3 to 2 In favor of the
ampirc-s. Oakland played one man short
In tho first half. The two teams lined vi
an follows:
Oakland. Pinion*. Vampires.
f»' u -*>;v Goalkeeper Burtchaell
\on Helm Bark McGaw
" un .y r •• £»<* Robertson
Bra^lloy.. Half bark. Selwood
P. Chambers Half back, 81-hop
£ff m °« Half back M. Turne" ,
**';"*•: Forward Williams n
S»-llar.<ler r«r»ar<l Whlt«
: Krßkine Ontor .. a «i,iv
!?«?« w Forward Ilollana
Isllti Forward ...A. F. Chambfrt
; The team of the Vampires, with the ex
ception of M. Turner. McGaw nnd Burt
chaelL whose places will bo tak«*n v , ;
"^..Turner. \l>Btcrfc!d and McCallum
will leave the city next Wednesday even-
I n"i K « a J2 urn 2y2 y to _ Red<MnK. where on
K.«jrlvinK day they will play a match
ngalnst the Keswick eleven. " Inaitn
For More Football Bee Page Eight.
College Tennis Players.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 25. The annual sin
gles championship tennis tournampnt of
the University of California wmm held on
tho court* of the Alameda Tennis Club
Morton station, to-day. a lar number
of studrnta from the unlverek/who?ak£
?»?. AAit* t in the game and members of
lsr% A duX XK d 1d 1h CC e II J? a v Werft lnt " CSted specta
nSSElf-S^^o?!^ 6 Se^
counted by point*, fifty winning, In th-5
preliminary and first rounds. Following
are the results of the preliminary round:
.1 S. Robs and P. "W. Alexander defaulted :
It. . N. Anderson beat M. Btark. 50—42; Rat
cliff beat J. Wilson. 50-17: E. M. Oti*
beat T. Haskins. 5»-«; P. Gasklll beat \\'
Austin. DO— 3s: Paul Selby beat Earl
Stone, && 39. J. K. Hamilton beat B J
Jones. DO— 4l; O. Hunter beat II I) Por
ter, by default. Following aro the results
of the first round: n. B. Jones beat E
Stanton. DO-^-M; R. O. Hunt beat P. Dirk
erson, by default: Henderson won by de
fault of Ross-Alexander match. • V M
Otis beat RRtcliff. 50— <7: Paul Selby beat
P. Gasklll. &<V— lO; J. K. Hamilton beat O
I Hamilton. &0— 37: B. F. Herbert boat H p*'
<'ummln(?s, &0— 11; E. W. Alexander beat
W. W Mem. by default. The second
round was scored by *am.-s, two be out
of three. R. G. Hunt beat H. S. Jones
♦— «— 1; Henderson beat Otis. 6— 4 6— '">'•
Selby beat Hamilton. B—6, 6—3, 0—0; ' Her
bert won by default of Alexander and
Mfln. In the semi-finals Herbert beat
Henderson. 6—3, 6—3; Selby beat Herbert
by default. Owing to the rain the finals
were postponed until Friday afternoon at
a 2:80 o'clock.
TITE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26. 1899.
FINISHED
HEADS ON
THE WIRE
Hair-Lifting Drives the Rule at
Oakland — Zoroaster
Beats Morinel.
The Saturday crowd of racegoers to
Oakland track were treated to some un
usually close and exciting finishes, in
every instance the winner having hla
number displayed only after a lons, gruel
ling drive. The weather was cloudy and
gloomy and the track, a most regrettable
feature, slow. Otherwise some very fast
time would have been hung out. Seldom
has a more magnificent equine battle been
witnessed at the course over the bay than
that which took place between Zoroaster,
Morlnel and Satsuma la the mile and a
furlong purse event. The betting favored
Satsuma with his 107 pounds, which ruled
favorite, with 8 to 5 against Morinel and
fours about Willie Shields 1 scrappy llttlo
horse. With orders to ko out in front
Bullman on Morinel at onc<> v/ent to work,
cutting out a heart-breaking clip. Jones
trailed closely with Dr. Rowell's horso
and Jack Martin astride Zoroaster kept
his weather eye open not many leagues
away. Turning into the stretch Morinel
was leading a length and as Satsuma
found a soft spot and faltered he was
passed by Zoroaster. Then ensued a fierce
duel to the wire, little Martin riding like
a veteran, landing his mount winner over
Mat Btorn's honest mare by a nose, in the
fast time of 1:56& Satsuma, after his
mistake, grew groggy under hard riding,
finishing ten lengths away.
Four other first choices also met with
hard usage, and the books no doubt had
much the better of the argument. From
various causes Rachel C, Yellow Tail and
Recreation were all turned down. Anjou.
at 20 to 1. was the longest priced winner
of the afternoon.
Beyond doubt the defeat of the 110,000
beauty, Yeliow Tail, occasioned the most
surprise. Fred Foster's giant was a 4 to 6
chance for the two-year-old Jaunt over
the Futurity course and a raft of coin
found Its way Into the books on him.
Leading until within a few yards of th«
wiru he bepan tiring under Thorpe and
was downed a head by Anjmi. from the
stable of Walter Jennintrs, excellently rid
dt-n by Spencer. Burdock in a drive took
the show from Bamboulla.
Osculation, the handsome Salvator-Tum
Yum mare, showed a flash of her old form
In the opening five-furlong scramble for
four-year-old mares. Going to the post a
6 to 5 tavorite, Kpencer kept her in front
all the way. winning, all out. a length be
fore Torslda. Be Happy nnlshed third,
ahead of El Salado.
A bumping match lees than a furlong
from the wire accomplished the defeat of
Kachel C, favorite for the seven-furlong
two-year-old run. It Is more than prob
able the filly would have scored, when
Mandumue, which was leading, swerved,
colliding with the first choice, which Sn
turn jostled Dunblane. While all this
was happening Morgan, on Expedient, an
8 to 1 Mint, forged u> the front, beating
Rachel out a head. Dunblane was third.
The finish of the seven furlongs for
three-year-olds wu marked by another
exciting finish, Casdale. Rio Chico and
FaverEham being lapped on each other as
the wire was passed. Casdale. the win
ner, was ridden by Bullman. and in the
ring ruled equal choice with Faversham.
Backers of Dr. Rowell's Sybarls, winner
of the final six-furlong sprint, were In
deed lucky. In the run from the head of
the stretch the gelding occupied the entire
track, finally managing to get the decision
over Recreation by a nose. The latter
mare had a decided call In the betting.
Track Notes.
Owing to the fact that Bii . erTail appears
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Saturday, November 25, 1899. — Forty
sreond day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track Blow.
A. VVKl'HT— Presiding Judjte. J. 11. FRR'll'SON— Starter.
•iTO rlllST RACK— Five furlong*; •ellltn; four-year-old mtr«s; pure*. tX*.
I I I Dotting:,
ndex. Horse. W»!g-ht. St. Km. V4m. %m. Ptr. Fin. , Jockeys. Op Cl.
2T9 Osmilatlon 1W 1 ... 11 12 1! 11 Spencer 8-5 6-5
154 Torelda ....- 103 8 ... Sb Sh St 21 T. Burns 8-6 7-2
535 Be Happy. ..~- 109] 8 ... 41 42 48 Sh Morgan 6 8
... m Salado 105 5 ... >4 I>» 2 1 4 S ißullman 2 T-J
$65 WIM H« 109 4 ... ClO (6 66 68 E. Jones U 10
840 Miss ak 1M 1 ... 6 6 « 6 J. Daly I 20 40
Time— K. :38*«; S. :SS: H. l:o3'i Oood start. Won first thre« driving. Winner. Ala
.'urn Yuni.
D nn rh>rr>' rip* Bullman on Tors!<sa mad* wide turn Into stretch. Be Happy
also ridden wide at turn. Salado stopped.
1/
S— EO
m
101
o-
>>■'
-o;
■]
•
n<*.rx. Horse. We!cht.|St.
CO! Expedient 1% 4
(3i« liarhel C \<K>\ 3
... iJunblnne 110 1
r."9 AIU-nna 10.'. I
349 Sisquoc l' v >! 8
216 Mardamui lOCI 7
!.".» Ilattle Fox l»>0 5
SlG.Jo'.ly Briton 105 [«
I B<»tt!nir.
Mm. %tn. «m. Btr. Fin. ] Jockeyi. Op. Cl.
61 6J 16 IVi lh Morgan 6 I
In 31 8 1 «'i 2%T. Burns 1 M
lh 11 42 El 81 Spenerr 2 18-5
44 82 B'i 64 42 J. Martin 6 8
82 44 2h lh S3 Howltt 2.'. 50
61 2h 11 3 h f C Mom 8 11
8 73 76 74 73 T. Walsh 40 60
7 H 8 S 8 8 Songer 10 »n
Time— •-'"-*: S. :33: H. 1:04; %, 1:32. Good atart. Won first three driving. Winner.
Smith & Sm>-the"B eh. •(■ . by Flarr.bwm-Kxperiment.
Winner atood a lone, hard drive. Rachfl C badly bumped by Mandamus; she wai best.
Dunblane also interfered with at lame tlcn. Allenna showed improvement. Slsquoc ran
well.
Scratched— l^oyta 100. (
|>"T4> THIRD RACE— Futurity coursa; two-yeaj^olds; puree, 1409.
Index. Hone. Welght.jSt. %m. %m. Jim. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op. cl!
... An' v 103 I ... 41 42 41 lh 'spencer ' ~10 16
... Yellow a.ll 113 1 ... Ii 1] 12 2 3 Thorpe 7-10 4-5
(40 Burdock 104 3 ... (l 6 5 610 8 1 Morgan 20 M
843 linmboulU. 1101 2 ... 82 8 2 lh 42T Burns 6 6
<■?«"») F".'.ri<!un 110] 4 ... 25 2h lh EC LSullman 8 9
<319) Silver Tall 110 6 ... 6 < 6 ( 612 • 6 5 Vlttltoe 6 7
34» The Echo ll&l 7 ... t I 1 7 E. Jones 20 80
Time— To K. :«%: to :4«i: last %. 1:04; short \. lUi%. Fair start. Won first thr«e
driving Winner. W. n Jennings' b. c. by St. AnJrew-Jude.
Winner ran like a good one. Yellow Tall backed up at tl:e end. Florldan quit. Silver
Tall sulked the entire r
in S*. Tor Hill 113. Herculean SS, Frank Kuhry 101. Rarmo 119.
r>>7«> PXHJHTH RACE— MiIe and an eighth; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $400.
r.Afx. Hone. Ag*. W>tKht.,St. Mm. to. %m. Str. Fin. | Jockey*. Op. Cl!
(837) Zoroaster. S 100 :
(ISO) Morinel, 4 105 3
<K7) Satsuma, * 107 1
S
1 1
i 2
I
1 t
: :
tH i h
l a 23
i »
1 ns 'J Martin 4
210 HulJman 8-5 17-1
I |E. Jones 4-5
Time— «... :1S; H. Mhk: H. 1:«H; H. U»; mlla. l:U; l\im. 1:R614. Good start. Won first
two driving. Winner, w. Bhlelw* b. r... byßajron d'Or-tmp. Aatorio.
Bullroan »»-t t<^> hot a pace with Mr.rin>M. Satmima cut off turning Into stretch; h« was
then out footed.
f A FIFTH RACE— Seven furlon«»; ■ell!n»; thre«-y tar- olds; pun*, 1400.
Horte.
Welcht .'«.
%m. '
Hm.
\m.
Btr.
F!n.
I
Jockeys.
,B«tUn».
Op. ci.
- i»x
(l(!) Casdale JW 1
869 Rio Chic© 107, I
851 Favenshaxn 110 3
•65 Yamba H* 6
2C4 Sylvan lALSB 107 6
854 K«x»trnal 1W 4
851 Anchored 107 I/»ft
M Ball^ta 107 Left
\i
6 4
SH
«
4 1
5J 4
if
3 h
I
6 <
3tt
1 1
4 10
8 1
6
6 I
1 h
» H
4 15
6 3
c
1 h Hullman ...„. 7-5
t H T. Burnt «
8 2 Spencer 8-5
415 H. Shields..... I
• 10 Romero (0
< T. Walsh IS
Pnstel 15
Sonrer <
:
6
2
(
100
30
20
T
:MH: %. :J«4.S. IM; %. I:*%. Bad start. Won flnit three driving. Winner
W. M Murrv'i It k. ty Faverdale-Castaliu.! - J
• • Men. Kavcrshara ridden wide en stretch turn Toniba ran a awell rar»
Scratched— Defiance 112. Lavator 107. "•
»Y?t PIXTII RACE— Six furlonc»; selUn*; four-year-olde and upward; purw. |350.
1
Influx. Horse. Age. Weight. St.
%m.
%m.
%m. ■
Btp.
Pin.
I
Jockeys.
I Bettlny.
Op. a.
_
<J4l) Sybarln. 4 107 1
236 Recreation. 4 110 2
(247) Etta H. £ 110 3
2SS Merry Boy. 5 in 4 •
233 Tullamore. 4 IC7 (
8:4 I Don't Know, a... .104 5
527 Don Luis,. 4 9? 1
S(4 Xovla. 4 ...105 8
m Skirmish, 4 107; 9
...
1 1
6 Mi
4 2
6 h ;
JL
: h
9
8 1
71
1 1
4 h
C
3 4
21
6
I
7
•
9
1 1
: h
8 *
4 1
52
• I
71
8.
8
Ins K. Jones 5
2 2 Thorp* g-S
3t£ Vittltoe j
4 2 Henry ■ 20
6 2 Songer 4
6 2 Morgan 12
7 3 Hrtnson 13
I Bullman 6
9 Joe Weber.... . 20
*
Sri
:
I
9-:
a
a
3:
Row^r^rirw^M^ir^'pt^ ***• Woa flrßt thw d ™ n '- winnw> - Dr - «• a
Tict^^nXcoiSd'Srit'up 1 : rmtOaaad «*• Hinth ™ a bom^ It w« a fluke
BcratcheU— Mamie G 99, Aluminum M, Tult 101.
to be a thorough in and outer the Judges
decided after his race yesterday that in
future the colt'B entry would be rejected
at Oakland.
The big string of race horses owned by
Tommy Griffln arrived at Oakland track
from the East yesterday. Some horses
owned by Albert Simon also came in the
same car. Now that Griffin le here own
ers will be pretty apt to enter their horses
ih selling races somewhere near their
proper valuation.
The victory of Casdale brought nothing
but sorrow to "Bill" Murry. When put
up to be sold Tony Cook, the bookmaker,
"boosted" the colt $500 over his entered
Belling price.
Kick Hall was a spectator at the track.
N'<k says his horses proved very bad
travelers, all being on the sick list up at
Sacramento, where they are stabled. Soon
after reaching the capital city Canace, the
best breadwinner of tlif> string, died from
an attack of lung fever.
Walter Jennings thought Dunblane had
a royal chance and bet on him. He waa
beaten, and Aninu. which scored at long
odds, he allowed to run loose.
Yellow Tall is not partial to a heavy
track, and the Lip fellow will probably do
better as the mud dries up.
PLAY A TIE GAME.
Belmont and Centerville Elevens Are
Evenly Matched.
BERKELEY, Nov. 25.— As the game be
tween Belmont and Centerville for the
football championship of the A. A. L. re
sulted In a tie this afternoon the question
of supremacy among the schools^ of the
league remains as yet Unsettled. It la
possible that another match may be ar
ranged between the two contestants, but
nothing as to that has yet been decided.
Belmont and Centerville lined up on the
University of California gridiron shortly
after 3 o'cuock this afternoon. Each had
previously defeated all the other teams of
the league against which they had been
matched, and this was to be the
final game of the season. In weight Bel
mont averaged about 152 pounds, being
about seven pounds less per man than
Centerville. The difference added very
little to the Alameda County men's favor,
for neither they nor their opponents
showed any epeclal advantage one over
the other.
In the first half -Belmont had the kick
off. Centerville took the ball, and, buck
lug for repeated gains, carried It down to
Helmont's five-yard line. Here it was lost
on a fumblo and the danger for Belmont
passed. In the second half Belmont
worked down to Centerville's seven-yard
line, but lost the ball on downs. Center
ville worked back almost to the twenty
live-yard line of their opponents but
failed to pet further. The game closed
with the ball not far from the center of
the field.
Following Is the line-up of the elevens:
Belmont. Positions. Centerville.
Sefton L— End R Bush
Stow ....^. lr-Tack!e— R Carter
FlFh L— Guard R. Curamlngs
Mlntura _ Center G. craft
Moore — Guard— l.. Tyson
Klrkpatrlck Tackle— L O. Craft
BrlKham R— Kn«l— L»... Rose
Reid Quarter llusnl
Hush L— Half— R "Whlpple
Sherman R— Half— L. Salz
Llndley Fullback Patterson '
CYCLERS AT LOS ANGELES.
Crack Riders "Will Compet« on the
New Track.
LOfl ANGELES. N «v. 25— Some of the
crack bicycle riders of the East will take
part In the grand opening of the new in
door cycle track In this city on Thanks
giving evening. Twn Fwlft men have Jvst
arrived in the city— lver Lawson of Chl
capo and Clt-m Turvillf> of Philadelphia.
Turvllle holds the world's record for the
• d mile on an eight-lap track. Fur
man r<t this city will ride against Tur
vllle In a match race Thanksgiving night.
TRIED TO
PLAY BALL
IN THE FOG
Locals Take a Game From
the "Dudes" With the Aid
of Umpire Graves.
Umpire Graves did not endear himself
to 800 baseball enthusiasts yesterday at
Recreation Park by calling "game" at the
close of the seventh inning. It Is true
that a heavy fog bung over the diamond
and made it bard for the players to see
the ball, but if he had allowed the contest
to proceed to the end and given the Oak
landers a chance to overcome the sllg --
lead that the local nine had obtained his
action would have been generally ap
proved. To the minds of many the dark
ness was even greater in the ilfth Inning
than at the time the game waa called.
Had Graves ordered the men off the field
then ho would have acted wisely. It will
take Mr. Graves a long time to win back
the favor of the "fans."
Uncle Henry's victory, If it can be called
such, was due to Muller's home-run drive
over the center lietd fence. The husky
and youthful left-ttelder of the Friscos
made his four-CUSbloned swat in the iifth
when both uani.s were tied with one run
and he raised the tie by scoring Pyne and
himself. Mullc-r was given an ovation,
which made him blush becomingly.
Oakland was tirst to tally. In the sec
ond Donovan took first on a single and
went to second on Bolger's wide throw to
first to catch him napping. .L&nge then
advanced him to the third cushion and
he came home a few minutes later on
Reilly's muff of the ball thrown to catch
Lange at second.
The locals evened things In the fourth
Inning when Sullivan scrambled home on
a nice single by Courtney. In the follow
ing inning Pyne was hit by Steffani and
romp<*l leisurely home in company with
Muller when that youngster drove the
spheroid ovw the fenc.
An amateur twlrler named Bolger was
put in the box by "Uncle" Henry as an
experiment and he surprised every one by
holding down the Oaklunders to three
hits. Mr. Bolder was artllcted somewhat
with stage fright, but did better than the
majority of novices who are pitted against
a band of professionals. While he may
not set the bay on fire by his pitching,
still he Is worth trying, and it is well
known that "Uncle Hank" must try. as ho
Is about to lose both his twlrlers, thanks
to Mr. Graves. Bolger has few curves,
but relies principally on his speed for ef
fect. The Athenians found him often,
but were unable to land safely. Follow
ing is the score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockholff. 3 b 3 0 10 2 2 1
HUdebrand. r. t 8 0 0 0 110
Kruj, b. a 10 10 0 10
.Sullivan, o 3 10 0 4 10
Courtney. 1 b 3 0 10 9 10
Itellly. 2 b — 3 0 0 0 8 6 1
l*yne. c. f 2 10 0 10 0
Muller. I. t 8 110 10 0
linger, p 10 110 11
Total* 24 ~3 S 1 El 18 8
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hutchlnaon, 1 b 2 0 0 0 9 0 0
Hammond, o 2 0 0 0 BXO
Hardlo. r. I 3 0 0 0 110
Donovan, c. r „. 110 10 0
Dunleavy. 1 b 2 0 0 13 2 0
Lange. 3 b 3 0 1112 1
Schmeer, a. ■ 10 10 0 2 1
Musklmun. 1. t 8 0 0 0 0 0 0
Suffer.!, p 2 00 0 12 1
Totals 22 1 3 2 21 11 3
KUNB AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Ban Francisco 0 0 0 12 0 o—3
Baso hits 0 0 12 10 o—4
Oakland 0 10 0 0 0 o—l
Base bits 0 I 0 0 1 • o—l
' M MART.
Rune responsible for Steffanl, 1. Horn* run—
Muller. Two-base hit— Brockhoft. Sacrifice
lilt— Hammond. Flr»t base on errcnt San Fran
cisco, 3: Oakland, 1 First bone on called balls
—San Franclsoo, 1; Oakland. 3. Left on bases—
San Francisco, 3; Oakland, 4. Struck out— By
liolgrer. 1; by Steffanl, 3. Hit by pitcher— Pyn«.
Double play— Hrockhoff to Reilly to Courtney.
l'n.-sM Sullivan. T.me of rome-1 hour
and 15 minutes. — Oraves. Oftlclal
scorer— W. Staoleton.
FOOTBALL RALLIES ARE
IN ORDER AT BERKELEY
GRIDIRON HEROES CHEERED
TO THE ECHO.
Sickness at Training Quarters Neces
sitates Their Abandonment for
a Few Days.
BERKELEY, Nov. 25.— With the near
approach of the big Thanksgiving game
football Is the all-absorbing topic at the
University of California. All the students,
to say nothing of the members of the fac
ulty, are looking forward eagerly to the
one great day of the college calendar, the
day on which the blue and gold lines up
against the cardinal for the great annual
tussle with the pigskin. •
While the utmost enthusiasm and con
fidence seems to prevail there has not
been the slightest relaxing of the strict
discipline which the men have to undergo
in preparation for the battle. Regular,
systematic practice is kept up. The only
noticeable change since la6t week is the
almost extravagant degree to which the
enthusiasm of the whole student body
has grown. This afternoon It broke nut
stronger than ever; on the eve of battle
it will be Intense,
Monster rallies are the order of the day,
and they are curried out on a scale far
exceeding anything In the traditions of
the college.
This afternoon as the team lined up for
a short, snappy practice- the bleachers
were packed, and yell after yell went up
to encourage the men on the gridiron. As
soon as play was over the whole mob
■urged up to the gymnasium to listen to
impromptu speeches. Cochran, Kelly,
men of the team, not omitting some of the
instructors, mounted the rostrum In turn
to provoke unbounded applause for the
prospects of the blue and gold. The came
was done last night, and will probably be
repeated until Wednesday.
Cochran has decided to give his men two
mot*. Jays of work. Monday afternoon the
'varsity line-up, the same that is to face
Stanford In the big game, will have a
short practice with the second eleven.
Their last day will come Tuesday.
Wednesday Is to be devoted to light signal
work, and then the last touches will have
been put on.
Cheeking at the game will be led this
year, as last, by the college Rooters' Club.
Some f.OO of the students, decked In blue
and gold caps, are to have a section spe
cially reserved for them. A yell leader
will direct all the cheering, as well as the
number of rooters' songs which have been
composed for the occasion.
A temporary abandonment of the train
ing quarters on the campus was made
necessary to-day owing to the sickness of
one of the helpers In the kitchen. The
man came down with typhoid pneumonia
this morning, and as a precautionary
measure the quarters have been thorough
ly fumigated and will not be ready for
use again until Monday morning. In the
meantime arrangements have been made
for the men to take their meals In Oak
land.
ELLIS IS BARRED.
Bo Decides the Faculty Committees of
Both Universities.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 25.—
Ellis, the Berkeley quarterback, will- not
play In the bis Thanksgiving game. Pro
fessors Richardson. Kelloßs and Marx
representing Stanford, decided this at an
Inter-faculty meeting held at Palo Alto
to-day, when they refused to withdraw
their protest to Ellis* amateur standing
This means that the California team wlli
be handicapped by the lose of the plavirir
of the quarterback to which It has become
accustomed.
YOUNG DOGS
RUN WELL AT
UNION PARK
Many Promising Greyhounds
Perform Cleverly in the
Monthly Puppy Stakes.
The . field officials at Union Coursing
Park handled a large number of dogs in
the two stakes run yesterday In an **P£
dltious manner. The puppies were a high
class lot and were run down twice, leav
ing thirteen in to struggle for the P riz *'*
to-day. The first course this morning will
be between Vulcan and Will Nora, and
the victor Is thought to have rosy chances
for first prize. The stake is thought to
lie between the winner and Border's fiest
or Carmen Peplta is also in demand
among the" bettors.
The open stake developed a number of
surprises, several warm favorites being
defeated In succession, chiefly through the
hare breaking to the other dog. Emln
Pasha at 10 to 1 was beaten by Singleton.
They ran 2 minutes and 50 seconds, the
score being 21 to 17. Wine West beat Firm
Friend at 7 to 1. scoring 10- point* -to the
Friend's 5. Kvershore beat Lady Emma
at odds of 1 to C. Dolly Varden beat Fire
ball and Hair Brain beat Statesman at
1 to 4; Wild Tralee beat Gladiator, a 2 to
2Va favorite; Rough Rider beat Rose of
Tralee at 1 to 2&. while McKinlcy beat
Golden Russet at 1 to 2. Macs Melody is
favorite for the stake, with Master Clair.
Lady Clare, Beacon, Thornhlll. Wild Tra
lee and Plow Boy also in demand in that
order. The detailed results of the run.
ning with the official scoro of each course
follows:
Puppy stake— P. J. McCabee Craig Boy beat
William Cairn's Imo«rial. 4-3; Charles Bon
ner a Wild Nora beat George Bueha's Mono
gram. 7-0; Lande & Gibers Mount Ida beat
Kelly It Conruy's Magnolia, 16-0; Curtis & Son's
Vulcan beat J. Muraane's Minnie B, <-0; V.
Winder's Risky Attempt beat llerzog & trttvld
toa's Pirate, 5-0; H. K. de 11. Lopez' P«plta
beat J. I>. Cardinal Thornhlll Comet. 6-2; A.
J. Kemp's Remember Me beat William Cairn's
Gladys Wfller, 13-10; P. J. MoCabe's tiky Blue
beat T. Britt's Yucatan. 15-11; J. K. Cone's
Ited Glen beat Kelly & Conroy*s Kitty L**. 8-0;
Connell Bros. 1 Green Isle beat Aeneld Ken
nels' Apollo, 7-5; Bartels Bros." Border's Beit
a bye. Boney Boy withdrawn; Aeneld Kennels'
Athena t»-at J. McGrath's ited Rose. '.>-: Cur
tis & Son's Flying Fox beat George Buehn's
Aloha, 11-li; J. L.in»liair* Itaclne b*at 11. H.
Farmer's Moonstone, 10-2; Aeii"i 1 Kennels'
Aeneas beat Lande «c Gerber's Concord, 10-3;
J. J. Edmonds Oo On beat John Coleman's
Good-by, 15-11; Pasha Kennels* Koyal Anno
1.-at F. Brink's Thunderbolt. 6-0; It. ■ de B.
Lopez' Carmenclta beat F. Ilothman's Jus
tice, 6-0; Aeneld Kennels' Agamemnon beat J.
Watktns' Merciful, 14-- Pasha Kennels' flight
Arm beat George Plnto's Mischief. 8-0; Bartels
Bros.' Ballroom Belle a bye. Diablo with
drawn; Connell Bros.' Clover beat George La
husen's Firefly. 4-1; Connell Bros.' l'unmurt
beat A. J. Kemp's Move Out. la-«; J. Wil
liams' California beat George Plnto's Glad
Hand, 10-4; J. McGrath's Blower beat J. Mo-
Cormlck's Proud Beauty, 6-0.
Second round— Wild Nora beat Craig Boy. 14
9; Vulcan beat Mount Ida, 16-9; Peplta beat
Risky Attempt. 4-1; Remember Me beat Sky
Blue. »-6; Green Isle beat Red Glen. 10-S; Bor
der's Best beat Athena. 6-0; Racine a bye,
Flying Fox withdrawn; Aeneas beat Go On. 6-0;
Carmenclta beat Royal Anne. 4-1; Right Arm
beat Agamemnon, 2-0; Clover beat Ballroom
Belle, 13-8; Dunmore beat Jennie Reid. 13-4;
Blower beat California. 21-12.
Open slake— J. Sheridan's Forest Queen beat
Bartele Brothers' Bart's Beue. 12—5; Hall &
Newell's Rough Rider beat T. J. Cronin's Rose
of Tral<»« 4—2; D. J. Healey's Lady Clara beat
Erwln & Lyons' May Queen. 6—l; Maher <&
Reid's Onward beat J. Kennedy's Night Tlm«,
16—5- D. J. Heal*)-' a Maori Land beat J. T.
Finn's Johnnie F. 12—0; J. J. Edmonds' Morn-
Ing Glory beat A. J. Kemp's Signal, s—o; Sterl
& KaOwW O'Hara beat J. Holden's BcottUa
Chief. 17 ?; Curtli A Son's Beacon b«*t J.
Dennis' The L*«il. IS— 4j Hall * Swell's Bu
nollte beat Al Austin's Firm Foe, U— 4; T. J.
Cronln'a Thornhlll beat P. J. Nolte's Rich and
'{•■•» 12—1: Stert & Knowles' Rusty Gold
beat H. 11. Gray's Terronett*. M— IB; Curtis A
Sons Vanity Fair beat R. L. Taylors B«auty
Spot, 4— •; F. A. McComb'n Royal Flush beat
J. Collins' Matchless. 2—2. 11-2; T. J. Crooln s
Wild Tralee beat J. Dean's Gladiator. 8—1;
Sterl L Knowles' 61e*ty Mist beat Pasha Ken
nels' Rollicking Airs. 12-12, 4—3: J. Sheridan's
Forest King beat J. Ronnlnr"s Dempsey L*M.
18—8; P. J. Rcllly's Plow Boy a bye. Warrior
withdrawn; Connell Brothers' 6«nortta beat J.
L. Ros«' Just Tip, 4—3; Handy A Smith's Vlo
tor Queen beat 11. H. Gray's Rona, s—o; Curtis
& Son's Commodore beat Ed Evatt's Vigilant.
16—4; Curtis A Son's McKlnley beat D. Chella's
Golden Russet. 13— F. Moran'a Falsa Flat
terer beat P. J. Ketilys Dawn. 10—8; Connell
Brothers' Mamie Pleasant beat Maher & Raid's
Uncle Fuller, B—6; J. Charlton & Boa's Dolly
Varden beat G. Lahusen's Fireball, 14—7:
Mah»-r & Reid's Singleton beat Pasha Kennels'
Emm Pasha 21— IT, Bartels Brothers' Mac's
Melody beat E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gllmor*.
S— o: Handy St Smith's Jennie Wilson beat
Pasha Kennels' May HempnteaJ. 8— J. D«an's
Gallant beat E. Mulcanter's Lass o' Gowrle.
6—2; J. McCormlck's Halrbraln beat J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman, 9—7; Russell, Allen A
Wilson's Master Clalr a bye, Master Lawrenc*
drawn: J. H. Harrison's Hot Haste beat F.
Burns' Lafayette. 14-0; J. Kennedy's Wine
West beat Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend. 10—6;
J. Kennedy's Even>hore beat Russell, Allen
* Wilson's Lady Emma. 6—6; T. Bulltran's
Maid of th« Hill beat H. Hessler*s Maud M.
6—o; George Sharman's Walt a Little beat R.
L. Taylor's Rowdy Boy. 7—4; Sterl A Knowles'
Amarosa beat E. M. Kellogr'a lowa Boy. %—l;
II Hetsler's Don Rlcardo beat W. iteUjr"a
Royal Prince. 34—8; Daly A Slebeln's Shylock
Boy beat E. Baumelst^r'a Winning Ways, 4—o.
AT INGLESIDE.
Favorites won most of the courses at
Ingleslde Coursing Park yesterday. ▲
fast lot of hares gave the hounds some
long- runs and relief dogs were turned
loose on several occasion*. Th« day's
results follow:
Open stake H. A. Deck el man's Reckat beat !
P. U'illy's Exp<»ns*; Lows & Thompson's St.
Oraxi beat J. Kerrigan's Conqueror; A. Van der ■
White's Matter Gordon beat D. Dillon's Mod
t«ty; T. J. Cronln's Depend On Me beat T. <
J. kfeßnfh'i M M Rose; H. Aliens Alberta '
beat F. Freteflsa's Mainstay: H. A. Deckel-!
man's Lawrrnce beat Lowe A Thompson's
Little Fullertoh; T. J. Cronln's Iron Duke beat
C. Leavy's Wild Game; Russell. Allen & Wil
son's Rcsle Clulre beat D. Ford's Juanlta; a.
Har.s."ii> L. S. Conley beat J. Kerrigan's
Llghtfoot; E. M. Kellojrg's Hummer beat Kay
Bros." Diana; Jo« Thrift's Forget beat J !
Btmwbrldn'l nioomlnj; Chain; II Lynch's i
Mystic Maid b*«at M. H-Irllr^s Mountain :
Hawk; J. P. Thrift Grasshopper beat J Cole- !
man's Norman. T. J. Cronln's Maid of Ball
beat H. A. P'rkelman's Old Glory F X
roloy-s Sweetheart b^nt George Burfelnds
Royal Prl*e; Murphy • Tolond's »Ill«ht Jr.
beat ticorire Burfelnd's Pantlme; J. Kyrne's
Olympus beat Fleming; Bros.' Fury- F F
Cham Mil's Rocklln Belle beat J. Dempsey's
Captain Jack; D. thannor.'s Saferuard beat E. '
Wilson , s Magnet: Kay Bro«.' Hawker beat F
C. Mack's Delta M: P. Reliiy. llwter Mat beai
T. A. Fanning s Blue Cloud; 11. Lynch 's Lex- ■
lnßton beat I^rkey & Rocks Minerva; Murphy
& glands Tea Rose beat W. Perry's Cara
paßnla; \\ . C. Olaason's Terronlte beat Samuel
w O °£ f £ <JJC E -- M , XK ' I ! lf W» K '<l McCoy beat
len & ,
■\\llron s Chlcairo Hoy beat E. D. Fallon^s;
Armagh • L*«s. k" Mater's n- nlrln Boy beat T. j
Fanning a Babe Murj.hy; C. Leafy- 1 Babe
iJEwST 11 beat P. C ' " U ,-k's fedora: H. A.
Fa^n- »n» n " t na P''. not »>e»t M Merlsan's
T™ >,'• A - .Johnson's Bald Eagle beat H.
b «t *" in.£? ter i!"' C t, Thrift's St: Michael '
K^L if- .W. W a Dc ?f- Flame; Dan O'Connell's
Pntan bMt S. "a* 8"8 "' 8 Our nimale; J.
OlKwds Clifton Lass beat Murphy & To
rw > 9r9 r . n m '" I ' t ' Murphy * Toland's Pleasant
Girl heat Sf pt ln Ka "*'« Greenhall; J. Mc-
Knroe . Mat Circle beat Joe Perry's Commo-
W ■ r ■ m« : w %. & Thompson's Patrla beat
W. C. Qluoon's Terrona; E. D Kali -, > Miv
of the \?. ft beat A. Jchnconi. Tod Sloan; J
Kkj light. A Johnson's Lowlander beat 11. Al
m.? I ;', l^? 1 T ' J ' McHugh's Maid of the
Mill beat J. O'Dowd's Fhootover.
Cadets at Football.
The football eleven* representing Com
pany H. League of the Cross Cadets and
the Snowball team of Vallejo will rn>*»t at
the Sixteenth and Folsom streets grounds
this afternoon. Admirers of the Van" ,1
Players will be In attendance In addition
to the large following of the cadets The
teams will line up: me
Company H. ro«!t!on«. Sr.owl.all*
7- Ahem High, end../. ? Ilrenn™
p. Ahem «:apt.)...Lcrt end ?.H il pil"
J. Whalen Hlicht tackJe W Brou.h
S. Rogers Left tackle . n r^-
N. Ednliuter IU K ht guard .-....'.j i*"^.
f Le" cuard ..F.Hu'JZ
Ca. K»ln« Quarter M Pari«i
d. Aikin^n ran n** w.iSSS
Sast
MILLER WAS
IN FOURTH
POSITION
Champion Punctures a
During: a Sprint in the
Six-Day Race.
Special Dlipatch to The Call
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. Nov. 23. -In t>*
forty-eight-hour bicycle race at Conve ..
tion Hall this aflernuon Champion ii::;.
punctured a tire and went from firs:
fourth place. The puncturo occurred . .
3:21 o'clock, whllu the men were gqir.g : t
a furious rat**, a:.: caused Miller to lo -
a lap. This put the champion on cv.
t*»rms with Rapine, the Nashville ma
The five h-adera were practically In i
bunrh. and a flerc© i«tru-,'Kle ensuf
Nelderhofer. thf tail-«nder, N-ft the trrt.
after one hour and fifteen rnlnute.s* rtdlr.
The mart to-day WM made at 1:38. .
23'» o'clock the stond: Miller. .'.
miles 6 Itipo; Ji:llu.-«. COT mile.' <I laps; Oi •
I,awKon, P*r7 milen 6 lapn; Hoplne. &C ml:
.' laps; Waller. &>T inllea 4 laps: Mn-!».
ffl<ler. DO6 m'Jes: Nie<lerhrfer. 3^T mil»^.
The renrf nl th<- end of the thlrty-seco:
hour follows: Julius, f.i"> inllej 'J lups; Gu
l^iiwp^n. CIS nUU?*^i - — U^{«in*v-C4j-ml^-
S laps; Miller, »>|s miles 7 laps; Waller. *'■•',
mil* 4.*4 .* 6 laps: Mr.denff ider. 611 miles 3 lap .
Ni^derhofer. VV mllrs '.< laps. .-■ ;
In the brush ut the cIOM to-night Jullr ;
finii'heil a v.heel ahead of Gus Lawso;..
Manager I'rlnt-o rlatms that at the c!o-->
to-night the leaders wrre rMing seventy
miles ahead of the record for a six-day
race. In the three-mile motorcycle exhi
bition to-nlpht Fi.«hcr an<l Julius ro<>
three miles in 5:li) «■ ing the first mile Iq
l;«.
WALCOTT DEFEATS CBEEDOI.
Neither Man in Condition and th-
Mill a Tame One.
CHICAGO. Nov. 23.— J0« "Waicott wi»s
given the decision over l>nn Creedon at
Tattersalls to-night, at lIM end of six
rounds. The men fought at catch
weights, neither being In first-class con
dlt lon. The first thrte rounds of the figh'
were so Blow that the spectators h!ss» <l
and Manager Houseman came Into thu
ring and warned both men that they
must right or they would receive r.o
money. After that things w.irmed up a
trifle, but It was not a fust fight at any
stage. AValcott did more leading and his
blows seemed to have greater rffect.
Creedon fought largely on the defensive,
confining himself for the most part '•>
countering. The decision of Itefcrce Ho
gan was well received.
GODDARD KNOCKED OUT.
Put to Sleep by "Jack" McConnick in
the Second Round.
TORONTO. Ont.. Nov. 2i.— Jack McCor
mlck of Philadelphia knocked c
Goddtrrd of Australia In the s»ccnil I
Of what was to have been a twenty
battle before the Crescent Club to-night.
MoCormlck forced ths :'.ght!ng In the firm
round, chasing Ooddaxd around tbe ring.
In the second Mc< ormlck went after his
man In a furious manner. A right on the,
jaw sent the Australian to the floor with
a crash after forty-five seconds of fight
ing. Goddard had to be carried to hie
rorner after he had been counted ouf.
For More Sports S«e Page Eighteen.
ADVEHTTSEJJCENTS.
SENT FREE TO MBI
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mslled to all who
wIU write the State Medical In-
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical suffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weaknoft*
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory. weak back.
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grafoftii
effect of warmth and seems to act
to the desired location, rivir.g strength
and development Just w^rt It !s needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles
come from years of misuse, of the nat-
ural functions and haa bven an absoluta
success In all ca*es. A reouest to thu
Btate Medical Institute. 08 Flektron
building Ft. Warn*, Ind. stating that
you desire one m their free trial pack-
ages will be compiled with prr •
Institute I* desirous of reaching that
great class of men who are ur.n
leave home to be treated, and the free
sample will enable th^m to see hr*
It Is to he cured *.f »»x\ U wo ikr.- - - » • .
the proper remedies axe employed. The
Institute makes no res'rVtlons. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a package, so
that Its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write wtlhout delay.
I What Do You i
Think of
| This Company? |
| What Onr Well Drillers,
WM.J. BRYANT & CO.,
i Think of It.
' BAKERSFIHLD. CAL.. Nor. 14. 1W Jf
' PKTIiOLEL'M CENTER OIL CO., » |
' Mills Building. 8. F.— G*ntlemen: The 3
1 lumber for derrick and the Tiber fur f j
, iir will be placed on the ground to-day J.
; for well No. 1 and we exr*ct to com- f
, rnenre iirillln* before the last of next I
week; will notify you and will keep you *
', fully Informed a* to prugresa. «.--
v On drilling wells we would like the '
I prtvll»g» of taking part stock at ire««:.' S
( price of stock In payment for drtllln*. «•« •
\ If this proposal meets with your appro- tl
■ batlon write us at once. Tuurs very I
J respectfully,
; WM. J. BRYANT A CO. j
1 What we think Is that this is the lost
- time that we will otter shares at » I
2 cents. I
* PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO., j
I 20 HILLS BCILDinO. THIRD FLOOt
I Send for map, prospectus and rtber •
; Information.
KODAKSfjUKS:
NO SHIPWORN GOODS bat NEW STOCK
JUST FROM THE FACTOR T AT
ONE-THIRD OFF LIST PRICE.
ALEO 1_
LARGE ASSORTMENT OF CAM Kit* * ANU
SUPI'LIES. THE LATEST ANU oT
IN THE MARKET.
FULLER & KLEIN.
DEALERS IN ALL KINDS OF SPORTINC!
GOODS.
39 SECOND ST., S.F.NEWS
OF THE
BAY CITIES
RACHEL CORLEY
NOT COMMITTED
TO AN ASYLUM
Proved Her Sanity to
Judge Hall.
Francisco ('all.
■
■
■
■
■
: y was perfectly sane, her age and deaf
r.«Fs helr.ji her misfortune*.
James Wilson, who claim* to be her
brother, is ag*vi (A years, nnd on the wit
r.ess stand told of his sister's erratic ac
'.ions. He declared the interior of her lit
tle cottag« on Twenty-third avenue was
• xcee^jngly Ulthy: that Mrs. Corley kept
a Int of pigeons in one nf the r>«.ims and
about «ix cats in another: that sh« did
r-ot recognize him as her brother.
On the oth<r hand. Mrs. T. J. James tes
tified that h<T clster. the subject of the
examination, was perfectly competent
mentally; that she may t>.« somewhat pe
culiar in some of her habits, but nlie was
t-urely not insane.
By mean* of pnp»T and penril th<» aged
woman, accused of Insanity, also refuwd
the assertions of Wilson. Shf communi
cated to the cr»urt that she does not ke*;>
jjifreona in any room of her house, but
that the pigeon sh«*d adjoins the hous«\ A*
for the cat*, she admitted she had several
about the plart- t>» keep the mie«- und r.n*
away. Moreover, she had no wish that
Wllpon should have charge uf her or her
affair*.
"I am willing. neverthMrss." urge.l Vil-
Mn. "to pettl<> up her affairs and take r.iy
Mstcr back to Bait Lake." To which Mrs.
James retorted. "You are not able to take
care of yourself, much less another."
It was finally agre«-d that Mrs. J.-<Tn*»<»
net in the capacity of a snrt ol guardian
■■ver her ulster, but it is quite likely tint
Wilson will shortly commence proce'edlnm
•o pet control of what little property t.«.
mains of Mrs. Corley'n once lanr** fortune.
Why he insists on taking her back to Salt
Lake is a mystery. H«* himself admits lie
h»* not seen hit sisters in tho past thirty
Mghtnlng kill^.i :•
&iZgW9twmtagfSL X
J Thanksgiving dainties :J
J Our stores are full of*
Jthei J
J New fruits: Figs, Rais-J
Jins, Xuts, Fruit Preserves,^
JOlives, Mince Meat, PlumJ
Cranberries — J
'making the finest assort-J
Jment on display in San.J
jFrancisco and Oakland. J
fDr. Handy's Prunes 0
$ S2RoSer y< pound sci
#Fanev Cluster Raisins 4
A In Jicavv clnntrr*. ~.^.,-,A 1 \~A
'. Mncst Cabfo.nta pound l)cf
A product. A
Mixed Nuts a
A Alujonds. Walnuts, -^^v,.., A ~\(\n,A
0 r-r«r.. . Hia«il», pOUIIQ M>CJ
\ Filbrrta. r
jNew Ripe Olives.. quart 20cJ
r You rtont know —hat pood olives V
a err until you've tried thf»e. A
a Home Made Mince Meat $
Res'! '■.- . -i r> W
A Nratly and carefully pOUIId J Oci
w prrparrd. r
Fancy Assorted Biscuits f
J Aiarr*-"- pound 10cJ
|J*.istern Cream Cheese a
0 vrry rich.™" pound I iCi
iFancv Mixed Xuts a
0 K?^^ pound l.)c^
j>Cape Cod Cranberries 0
0 i^rtpe^ , quart 10c#
1 nour's Bacon, pound 1 lc^
0 Sjasjar cured— mizrd lean and fat A
0 npee Ham pound 12Jc^
a sucar cured— old fashioned ~ *
0 htckory amcked. '
* Sweet Briar Sugar Corn 0
> Dr-wns:.3v Finert 2 cans -»»cf
r cx>rn in America. * v.«tlla -'JV-f
r} : rench Sugar Peas 4
* RS^%A%e^ can I6c{
JG. &D. Plum Pudding J
f Sarra you One pound _„ _, OOnf
a tlfflfan-JlaSot. can --C\
liquor specials: ]a
r DHivrTci! from m Market St. only. f
rHennesey Brandy — 3 Star^
1 tSSffSSP^- ' Si. 4o*
'Mudirs Malt Whiskey '
m Good 1n Ficknrsn; i ..■* —- §
\ t ood in »rllnwt, bottle / OC\
f good at all M::ir v A
Porter and Ale 0
0 "mm. dozen $I.oo*
* Beech Run Whiskey *
A Pistil 1 buttling. i V.i -- A
W ixmisnlfe. Ky.-i%,. DOttle / OCf
JSt. Julien Claret ...gal 35c
f K«f«lerf>«c i^ vintage. 0
*Sautenie Wine gal 45c
A LawTrnce Tincyard. R- xu .■ 65c.
" LJTcraiore. 1693 rlatage.
* Harper's Whiskey, gal $3
0 To stimulate and not irntat-.
That la what Harper's vlmkey <soe«.
Win AC frwaCorina Vine-
. sweet v\ ines yar< j t Frf.no
f Port, Shirty, A»|re]lra. __S ,. A
> M*U((a Tokay. Muscatrl. gal '>t »C
" Madl»on. Regular $: quality.
f Market Bt. 8. F. Shatrnck At. Errk'eW !
Al »'i, Wa*^inrton,Oak Central At Altroedt i
f th & Va*b:n«toß, " Tth & Wood, Oak
iU*7 Broad wmjr, "
~~*~ ■*- -
SOCIAL DOINGS IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
GFNERAL AND MRS. FUNSTON.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Nov. 2"..
GENERAL FI'NSTON, who has been
the central llgure In Oakland so-
U the cent i . ! n < lakls
ciety for some time, sailed away for
the seat of war on Thursday, and
Mrs. Fumton Is left behind. Her health
would not permit of her going back to the
Philippines, and she will reside during her
husbands absence at her home on Tenth
avenue. The general and his charming
wife have been Lionised since his return
with the Kansas boys, and their ■inning
manners have made them deservedly pop
ular. Just before leaving the general re
membered that th*« only opportunity he
and his wife had ever had of ecttng
a camera was In the Philippines, and his
lnFt act before sailing was to pose for a
farewell picture.
Society has been busy during the past
two weeks with the library site. This
matter was taken up by the Ebell. which
Is practically the leader of local eoci^ty.
la such a practical way that the ryes of
the whole county have been opened, and
the Ebell now appears in a more valuable
light than it has ever done before, de
spite its many previous successes In the
line of philanthropic and useful work.
Every day there has been a social gath
ering ut the Ebell. and the results ha /c
been very gratifying, and the ladles are
deserving of the greatest credit for tnk-
Intc up a. project so eminently useful and
tarrying it out in such a thorough man
ner. At the same time this movement Is
not dt-slred by the ladles to be associated
exclusively with the Bbell. for th. have
taken into their project every element
and Individual that good Judgment indi
cated would tend toward a complete sue- '
cess.
Hie - Babtt i» fa«t spread-
In Haywards,
••xam
.^!;<nd lias been followed <••
Ke'ghbo •
I "!ub me- • ■
Mr>. E. X fslar. I:i
• ■ . .
md the Tuesday Evening
This riub
ha« !t» ■■ '• membership froni
side district
■
Mr and Mr*. Alfred yon der
Mrs J W M
M : ■
rick 6
Next Tuesday afternoon society will
att»nd In force the "at home" to be giwn
by Mrs. H. E. Cooke in ncnor of h«-r
daughter. Mrs. William Gardner
Cooke. Mrs. Gardner Cooke recently -e
tumed fr>m her wedding tour and the rr>
• ■eptlun will be on* of the large affairs
of the v^k. The Cookes will be a»slsied
in r<*< H\ Ing by Mrs. J. H. Hell. Mrs jack
Hamnton. Mrs. Edwin TucKf-r. Mrs
Wright. Mrs. Frances Musaer, th«» Uisvea
Alexander, the Misses Gail and Clara Con
verge. Mis? Mary Hitrker, Miss Ethel
Whitney. Mi«.<» Alma Hrown. Miss Bessie
I'aJmer. Miss Viva Nicholson. Mlss Jano
Rawlli Miss Ethel Valentine Miss
Ethel Wer.zr- and Mi«s Giorgio La
cey.
On the first Tuesday In December Reed
Hall will be a gny and pretty scone, the
occasion being a society affair in aid of
I the Old Indies' Home. It baa always
been considered a social duty In Oak
land to care handsomely for her estab
lished •.■.• and on December 5 soci
ety will put on its brightest front and do
everything possible to insure a successful
benefit.
The reception committee will consist of
HAYWARDS NOW
PREPARING FOR
A BIG FESTIVAL
Thanksgiving to * Be
Royally Observed.
♦
j
Oakland Office. San Francisco Call.
M 8 Broadway, Nov. 25.
The Thanksgiving celebration at Hay
wnrds will be more elaborate this year
than for many years past. It has always
been the custom of Eden Township to
have a special celebration on Thanksgiv
ing day.
The programme for next Thursday
opens with Thanksgiving HIV lues In all
the churches. In the afternoon there will
be sports In Recreation Park and on
.-.-giving eve the annual firemen's
masquerade ball will take place.
The sports begin at 2 o'clock, which
hour was arranged by the committee so
■a to gtre everybody time to digest the
cranberry and turkey. Should there be
any surplus from the proceeds It will be
donated to the band as a partial recog
nition of Its generosity In always being
ready to appear gratuitously at the call
° Much Interest centers In the football
game between the high school and gram
mar school teams. Both elevens have
been strengthened by outside players and
are evenly matched. The teams will be:
High School— Bockman (captain). Ever
ett wulzen, Castello, Tomsen. Merwln.
Obermuller. Soares. Garretson, Helms and
.mar School— Machado. Lee. Hatch,'
Johnson. Rlggs, Horn. Robin. Leaios.
Sllva. K. Frates. M. F. Fratwi.
The feature of the day will be the an
nual struggle for supremacy between the
Fats and the beans. These forces meet
on the baseball diamond and the football
Held, and this year the ancient grudge has
been revived with so much feeling that
the contest will be very bitter. From the
long list of candidates Manager Ramago
and Captain Hoyt, for the fat men, are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 2*5, 1899.
to by BushneU, Oakland.*
Mrr. K. C. Williams (president of tho as
sociation), Mrs. .1 E McElrath. Mrs.
John B. Mh0,.,,. Mrs. \V. V. Gellette. Miss
Campbell and .Miss Minor. The ladles who
etail an Mrs. l- . M-
Smith. Mrs. Ham Gordon, Mrs. •'- H
Mhooii and Mrs. J. H. T. Watkinson. rhe
booths will t..- ■ ver by Mrs K.
►wn. Mrs .1 M. Knowles. Mrs. Har
ry A, lams. Mrs. .1. C. BIISS, Mrs. EvartS
I -s Florinne Brown.
Th»» Indies of the Con«re«mtlon«l church
of Hf)>r.anls save a very successful re
ception and dinner last evening The oc
casion was the annual bazaar of the
church, and a large crowd from all the
churches In the town was present to par
take of the festivities. The tablea were
under the direction of the following
ladle! Candy and tea— Mrs. and Mlsaß.
Kimball. Fancy table— Mrs. L. Unekln.
Mrs. Warren and Miss I- Kimball. hoap
bubble* -Florence Unekln and Herman
Eggert- Christian Endeavor— Helen Har
rison and Bertha May. Doll Gladys
and Harriet Meek and Harriet Jones.
Supper Mrs. George Obennuller and Mrs.
Darlii . assisted by Misses I.illle \\ al
pert. Mamie Neudeck and Grace Darling.
it is pleasant to note the good reeling
that always exists In AJameda County be
tween churches of all creeds. At recent
fairs and bazaars as far down as Mission
San Jose the priests, ministers and onn
irreftntions have always united to make
the current fnir or bazaar the one event
to be patronized irrespective of the ob
jects of the benefit. This custom has not
been fo noticeable In Oakland as in the
interior of the county.
The Ladles' Guild of Nlles has changed
the date of its bazaar from December 5
to December 8. The feature of the even
inc will be a monologue by eight young
mt>n and an eQual number of pretty maid
ens, who will enlighten their audience on
the subject. "Why I Am Not Married."
l.nst night at Hay wards a largely at
tended social was made very successful by
the same discussion.
- uthwlck and hor grand-
Oaiighter. Miss Curtis, who bavi been re
siding in Pasadena for several years, will
return to Kites about December l to make
that town th> ir home.
Tho engagement is announced of Fred
erlck Ltddeke t-> Miss Kmma 1.. Belton,
and the wedding will take piaro some tlmn
durimr th<- holidays. Mr. Llddeko has
}>t-,-n for f..ur years tirlnripal r.f the Coun
ty I'nioTi HiKh Bchool No. L. and h.is
the honor and affection of all his
pupils. He Is a graduate of Harvard and
Is ■ Y'-rv successful educator. Tho hrlde
e]t-r\ '.s the daughter of Mr. and ICi
M n.-i:.pn of San Francisco and is a
rharming jroung lady. Her father is in
••f th»- Tnlted States customs
PYanci*co. After the wedding Mr.
Mrs l.i'ldt-ke will reside at Cent»r
vlll.-.
Wednesday, January 17. and Wednes
day, February "1. are the dates set by the
Berkeley Cotillon for its gatherings. This
is a very exclusive club and very success
ful. At its meeting many of the younger
society folks from surrounding cities and
towns are Invited, and It is considered a
a i eat privilege to receive an invitation.
The patronesses are: Mrs. A. A. Pen
noyer. Mr« J. S. Hurnoll. Mrs. W. I,
Duff. Mrs. Anson Blake. Mrs. Charles M.
Qayley, Mrs Edward E. Goodrich and
Mr- Frank M. Wilson.
TTon. ;'nd Mr?. Victor Ifetcalf left for
Washington to-day. Mr. Ifetcalf l^ on his
first vlsil to tho c'npitnl tr> represent this
district in <Y>nnro^s. and iii- abilities will
ibt guarantee that be win tnko
many similar trips In tho future.
Miss lU-rthn MrKlr.ith has pone Enst
wltli some of the ladies of th<- Tftinossre
•ion.
Karl>- in January Mr. and Mrs. J. A.
Rurnham and their daughter Lucretia will
;.-m\.- fur a trip tJironph Europe and A^ia.
They nave arranged to spend tho early
winter months In <~"alro.
confident that they can outgeneral Man
ager I.anpan and Captain Green well who
will command the shadows. The trams
will be picked from the following:
Fats— \\ J. Ramaite (manager) v D
Hprt (captain), A. Rama*.-, F. Ferro, j>'
Chlßholm. S. J. Simons, H. Xoudeck. W
Meek, Georpe Gray, J. V. M,. M l'
Kerwln. William Heyer. J. E Geary. Jo«
MeKeever, H. Melnin«er. O. Walpert. F.
Kayer. H. Powell. It. Reid. J. Schwartz.
Frank Hoefllnp and Julius Olufs.
, '•• : " ■- G. S. 1..-in)?aii (manager). Pro
fessor *;r««-nw.-ii (captain). J. U. Smith
F. I. Lemos, Martin Kr'.trh. Georee Gra
ham, H Petermann. Dr. Culp. Uncle
Dick Allen, Joe wrede. Ed Han?.. John
H**r. '' I- Bnmner, Charles Prow""
Farrell Jr menteU D> S ' "'='" >'- James
On »T» Th k ! n 5 Native Sons' Hall
will be filled with masked merrymakers.
Many valuable prizes are to be Riven the
dancers and a sumptuous banquet will be
?-u, Vl i, , rln & ' ll - intermission at the
\ ilia Hotel.
Liberty Flag Destroyed.
OAKLAND. N.,r. 2.V A very Inrpo
squall visit.-.1 Oakland this afternoon and
\-ril minutes the wind blew a rcK
tilnr gale and mln fell li.;ivily. Th* Im
• ■ iinir thai flew from the liberty pole
on New Broadway that was erected last
Fourth of July waa Mown ir.M ribbons
only the lack n-malning. Tin- f]:w was at
half-mn.st out of respect 10 the memory
of Vice President Hobart. Had it b^en
at the masthead it would probably have
broken off the lofty topmast.
Slot Machine Test Case.
OAKLAND Not. B.— The case of Frank
PHera. th.- Washington Street cigar deal
er who mis arrested for conducting a
nlckfi-in-t he-slot machine, was argued
before Police Judge Smith this afternoon
and has been tnk< n under advisement. A
decision will be anxiously awaited ' by
many other dealers who also conduct
such mnchlnet» and who have been desir
ous of having the validity of the pro
hibitory ordinance tested in the courts
Passed a Bogus Check.
OAKLAND. Nov. 25.-T. D. Sullivan
who conducts a saloon at 4JW9 TelegTaph
avenue, whs cleverly bunkoed out of $10
to-day. A young man. neatly dressed and
of glib tongue, called on Sullivan and
cashed with him a check for jlfl. The
check was signed with the name of Fred
Habenlcht and proves to be a rank forg
ery. The police were promptly notified
and are. now searching for the smooth
youn£ man.
PLAINTIFF WAS
MADE TO LOSE
HIS OWN CASE
Litigation Over Oil
Finally Settled.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Broadway, Not. 2^.
The case of D. P. Clark vs. Sheriff Rog
ers, and which grew out of an execution
In the case of O. W. Arper vs. Smith &
Baxter, levied on the retail oil business at
the n ' : of Ninth and Web
■t< r streets, which business is conducted
by Smith A Baxter in the Dame of I). P.
Clark, wai before Justice gutnn this
morning for final decision of bia court.
The trial i>( the ••;" : <-' was peculiar In
this, that the only «rltnessea to the main
facts In the cast w< re Clark and bia book
k> • [•• r ;ii!<l Bmttb and Baxter, represent
ing themselves a* employes of dark.
I w. Fry conducted the defense and
depended on cross-* xamlnatlon of plaintiff
and plaintiffs witnesses and was thereby
able t.i show thai <"lark Invested no mon
ey and gave no tim<- to the business, not
withstanding h.- was not otherwise em
ployed, and furthermore that h<- was Ig
norant of the must ordinary affairs of the
business, and that no onsidf-ration passed
from Clark to Smith ft Baxter for the
business theretofore conducted by them.
Tht result was a ludgmeni fur defend
ant, and it is understood that an appeal
will be t;iken.
Th«- original case of Arper vs. Smith &
Baxter was decided In Arper's favor and
Is >'n appeal in the Supreme Court. The
animus of all ihi- litigation, according to
the evidence, grows out of tin- fact that
Arper leased an established oil business,
her with the goodwill thereof, to
Smith \- Baxter, who not only failed to
pay the r<-nt. but also failed to pay for
the oil, and are new delivering oil to the
customers of the old business), thereby in
juring the pood will of Arper"s original
business.
WIDOW OF CAPTAIN
HIGGINS PASSES AWAY
OAKLAND, Nov. 25 —Mrs. f'elia A.
Higglns, widow of the late Captain Eltsha
HiKKins, died at her home, corner of
Thirteenth and Castro streets, to-day af
ter a protracted Illness. l>< >•• ns.-.i was a
native of Boston, .Mass.. aged X years.
She leaves s son. Albert H. Higpins. The
estate of Captain Higglns, who died ab ■■!!
eighteen months ago, has Just been dis
tributed, and i ■ the terms of the decree
the H.>m" Missionary Societies of the First
M. E. Church and First Baptist Church
came In for bequests of V'»> each, in ad
dition the M. E. Extension Bodety re
ceived Sl'/.K' the Fred Finch < P )rphai-.aue
H2OO and the M EL Relief Association
Si'NHj. Mrs. lilggins' funeral will take
Tuesday morning.
Captain Nichols' Small Estate.
OAKLAND, Nov. X.— Juliet X Nichols
• applied for letters of administra
tion on the • itate of h»-r husband, Henry
K. Nichols, \\!.<> died on or al><iut June 10
last on the I ' Suites steamship
Monadnock <>ff Paranaque, Manila Bay,
Philippine Islands. The estate, according
to the widow's petition, consists of $2S* 20.
balance dv«- as captain in the navy, and
Jewelry valued at J7.~.
School Will Reopen.
Ai,AMi:i'.\. Nov. i 1i 1 No new cases of
diphtheria have tye--n reported from among
rh.- pupils "f the Everett School nnd the
health officials believe that the danger
of an outbreak of an epidemic Is past
The school will be opened Monday. The
two children whose Illnt-ss caused tho
dosing of the School are doing well.
Catholic Ladies to Receive.
OAKLAND, Nov. 25.— The ladles <>f the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society will receive.
friends next Monday evening at
Pythian Hull. Twelfth and Franklin
itreets. A select programme has been
arranged for the occasion.
MILES SAYS BRITONS
WILL EVENTUALLY WIN
ATLANTA. Oft., Nov. 2.V— Oenera.l N<l
son A. Miles, who arrived here last night
from New Orleans, went on an official
tour of Inspection at Fort McPherson this
morning.
"British arms In the Transvaal will be
carried to victory." he said in an Inter
view, "but there will be many lives lost,
much property swept away and great
financial cost. England has the advan
tage in number of men, more supplies and
more money. That 1b all. If the Boers
h.iil as many soldiers and as many stores
of supplies I would not undertake t<> say
What would be the result Hut. while the
British pOSMM BH tIMM supplies and have
;m unlimited Dumber oi men. both at
home and in the colonies, to <lr:iw from. It
must be remembered that the war is far
removed from the base of supplies, A land
communication of HO mile? is always a
great hardship and an uncertainty.
••You see vrhal 1 mean when I say It is
only In numbers and Bnaace* that F.nu-
land h.-is any advantage ovr the Boers.
The Boers an* fighting at home. They are
playing OB home grounds, a.s it wore. They
know the topography of the country. They
are aeoUwsted. Everything Is new to the
Queen"s soldiers. Then. again, the flies
an- destroying the horses and livestock
und cattle that Bwgland is tending into
the Transvaal, which is not within the
jurisdiction <>f men to control. All that I
can say Is that much depends upon the
strategy and generalship of the heads of
tho two armies."
HORSE SHOW IN PARIS.
Prize Winners From All Over the
World Will Be Exhibited.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyright, 1599. by James Gordon
Bennett.
PARIS, Nov. 25.— Arrangements for a gi
gantic horse show In Paris next year are
now complete. The regular Concours Hip
plque, organized annually by La Societe
Francatse lilpplque, will in 1900 take place
In the ('ours Fontenoy, the military school
of Paris. Instead of lasting three weeks.
It will only extend for the last two weeks
of May. It will be folllowed Immediately by
an International horse show, which will
be held from May 2S until June 2.
The site for the forthcoming show is a
magnificent oval. The course measures 160
meters by 50, around which stands for 12,
000 persons will be built. Invitations to
participate In the competitions will be sent
to all foreign societies and to prize win
ners in previous shows here and abroad.
Traveling expenses of all horses that may
be entered will be paid by the committee.
one hundred .thousand francs ($20,000)
will be given in prizes.
Lieutenant Parker Weds.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2T>.-Lieutenant
James S. Parker and Miss Katherlne
Lemley were married at Chevlchase to
day. After the wedding breakfast the
couple left for a ten-days bridal tour be
fore proceeding to Lieutenant Parker's
post at the Presidio, San Francisco.
Railroad Man's Sudden Death.
LOUISVILLE. K>\, Nov. 25.— Edgar
Hill, traffic manager of the Louisville,
Henderson and St. Louis Railroad, and
one of the most popular railroad men In
this city, dropped dead of heart disease
QUIETLY WEDDED
AT BRIDE'S HOME
OAKLAND, Nov. 25— One of the
quietest weddlnfjs of the month
Is that of Darwin C de Golla.
the wHI known attorney, and
MtHs Kogarty of Hobari Street The
ceremony took place this evenlnp at
tho home of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. JaT.es Fogarty, and only the
Immediate relatives of the bride and
Broom were invited.
The u'r-x.m Is one of the best known
attorneys In Oakland. havlnK been a
member of the Alatneda < '.unity bar
slnc<- 1885, and his tiprlcht and fearl»-ss
methods <>f practice h;i\«' won for him
the esteem of both bench and bar.
The bride is very wall known in this
city, having frequently Oiled the re
sponsible position of official reporter
in the Alameda Superior court*, an of
fice seldom accorded to ■ woman in
larpe counties. During the past year
the bride has been connected with the
Oakland news bureau of The <'ail. and
has displayed marked literary ability.
She is possessed of a oharmln« per
sonality and has endeared herself to a
very lar^e circle of friends.
The ceremony wns performed by
Rev. R. R. Ritchie of St. Paul's Episcopal Church.
Mr. and Mrs. D. C. de OoUa have rented the old Gaskill residence on Tlo
bart street, and on their return from a ahort trip will take up their residence
Urn re.
SECRETARY BARNETT
MAKES EXPLANATION
OAKLAND, Nov. 2.".— Frank Harriett,
secretary of the medal fund for the Ala
meda County volunteers. who were mus
tered into service during the war with
Spain, says that the charge made against
the commttt'-c that the medals were left
ai «. saloon for the volunteers to call for
them is unfair to him and the other two
officers of the committee, Dr. Pardee and
John A. Hritton.
"The situation is simply this." said Mr.
Barnett to-day; "after the presentation of
medala nt the Tabernacle, it was found
that there wen many volunteers who
were not <>n hand. The duty was i< ft to
me as secretary to see that these medals
were distributed to th< proper parties. For
several weeks 1 put in a lot of work find-
Ing the ni-n and s.-.-inn that they pot thi-ir
certificates and medals. A few we.-ks ago
l bad a few medals left and decided to
writ*- to each of their owners and tell
them where they could call. Joe Rosen
berg's <i«ar store is the most central
place in t"\vn. and I left th<-m thei
si nt postals t.> every volunteer without a
medal that he could call at the store and
receive it. it is true that in the r.-ar of
Rosenberg's place tin re is a saloon, but
his cigar business is Independent <<f his
liquor trade. We put in many months of
hard work collecting the money and ar
ranging for the distribution of the medals
without any other reward than that "f
self-satisfaction. I do not think anybody
is deserving of censure because tin- f--w
remaining nu-dals were placed at a cipar
store for th<- owners to call for them. My
duties take me to the Supreme Court
building in San Francisco every day. and
consequently I had to make some such ar
rangement. However, so lonir as objec
tion has been made, I wish to notify those
volunteers who art- still without medals
ai d certificates that they can obtain them
by applying to John Brltton at the office
of the Oakland <",a^ Company."
Was Struck by a Train.
OAKLAND, Nov. B.— Herman Wolter,
aged in years, was struck by a local train
at Brooklyn station a few days ago. when
his Injuries were not regarded as serloua.
To-day it developed that his shoulder was
dislocated and he is now believed to be
suffering from an internal Injury- He Is
confined to his bed at the home of his
father on Thirteenth avenue. Dr. de la
Hue Is attending him.
Counterfeiter Scott Removed.
OAKLAND, Nov. •.'.". . -F. Scott, one of
the counterfeiters arrested in San Fran
cisco yesterday, was transferred to the
Alameda County Jail to-day. The r»
given is that <>f removing any possibility
of communication between the two al
leged counterfeiters.
this afternoon while walking on Fourth
avenue. Mr. inn was M years of age.
TALIAFERRO'S ELECTION.
Senator Call Will Ask for an Inves
tigation.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 25.— Former Sena
tor Call of Florida has prepared a state
ment for presentation to the Senate Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections, asking
that the manner of the election of Sena
tor-elect Tallaferro of Florida be investi
gated. He Charges that undue means
were used to secure Mr. TallaTerro's elec
tion and asked that he be not seated.
He asserts that the election was due to
the unfair Influence of the Standard Oil
Company, which, he says, used money to
accomplish Its purpose. Mr. fail also asks
the Industrial Commission to Investigate
the charges as indicating the methods of
trusts in politics.
Evans Not a Candidate.
NASHVILLE, Turn.. Nov. L'.Y — Commis
sioner of Pensions EL day Evans, in an
interview to-day, emphatically denied that
lie will be a candidate for Vice President
before the next National Republican Con
vention.
Father Laffin Transferred.
WOODLAND. Nov. 25.— Father Laffin.
assistant for all the Yolo County Catholic
parishes, will soon be transferred to
drass Valley and Father Greely will be
without an assistant for a time.
Josiah Watson Dead.
MT'SCATINK. lowa. Nov. 2~>.— Jo*!.lh
Proctor Watson, widely known in lowa
as a Stnte historian and scientist, r.i >d
last evening. He was 74 years of a?o an<l
had resided here nfty-one years.
Our Tal Children.
A strange thing that Is noticed about
the 50.000 Americans who are now in Lon
don or hereabouts Is that those among
them who are parents and accompanied
by their children are all given to looking
up to their offspring. 1 do n<>t in>an look-
Ing up to them in reverence and esteem,
thouffn perhaps that Is also true of us
who give <>ur children so much freedom
and ■elf-management What I do mean
Is that they are taller than their parents.
One sees Mr. Cboate*a son bending down
to converse with his distinguished parent;
one observes your fellow-townsmen. Hor
ace Dv Val and Chester S. Lord, gazing
skyward when they converse with their
hopefuls, and, bless me, If it is not the
name with the girls. Our girls seem to
bave thrown off the shackles of mere
middle height beauty such as Dana Gib
son gave them, and the Dv Maurier lamp
post figure has thrown the Qlbson dum
pling out of court. I do not know how to
account for the. swiftness with which
these things are brought about. I mean I
do not understand how l>u Maurier did it
so quickly. He began the practice of
building tall girls in Punch years before
he wrote 'Trilby." and. presto, we are
so much quicker than the fcnglish. all our
darlings ."hot up to the altitude of the
modern office building. Perhaps In time
they will really vie with these buildings
and will be able to reach Into dear papa s
office for pin money without using the ele
vator. Already the American papa looks
as If It would be advisable for him to
ring up his daughter and telephone what
ho nas to say to her as he walks by her
side in the streets.— Julian Ralph's London
Letter.
Alabama has a history commission, ap
pointed by legislative authority, the mis
sion of which Is to ascertain and report to
the Governor all accessible materials,
without as well ns within the State's
borders, for a history of the State.
MISS FOGARTY.
SOLD MICHIGAN LAND
HE NEVER PAID FOR
Oakland. Not. i".— A.iuiiia Holbrook,
as administratrix of the Mtttti Of Kmily
L. Holbrook. deceased, to-day Bled ■Milt in
the Superior •'uurt against Valentlr.e \..
Souer. who formerly resided at MffffH
City. St. flair County. Mich., for the re
covery of $2000 with Interest at »> \<>r MBl
pe* annum from December '."S. IW«3. On the
latter date, according to the complaint.
Kmiiy L. Holbrook conTeyed to defendant
realty consisting of IM aCTM at <',ittr>'
vllle, Mich. The consideration named In
the deed wm $2w»). but Souer has
paid any part of the purchase price.
Moreover, Bouer lasi April sold the prop
erty to a third party for HIM, yet h<- has
not turned any of the money over to the
administratrix. Emily Holbrook died
April :•'.. UHL at which time ahe resided In
Humboldt County, and the plaintiff was
appointed administratrix on the 13th in
stant.
Was a Great Success.
ALAMKDA. Nov. 23.— The vnudevillw
entertaimient given laal night at Armory
Hall for i.he benefit of the Alameda H rit
ing »'lut> waj MM of the most au
ful entertainments ever given in Alame
da. The hall was crowded with me
friends of the dub and that the pro
gramme wai n pleasing one was shown
by the liberal applause of the nuriU-n re,
Ph'ery one of the performers was repest
ejlly encored. Th<- meml»ers of the com
mittee who so successfully arranged the
enf 1 : taJnment received the prali
every one who attended and should th<
club again give an entertainment the nail
would not be large enough to accommo
date the crowd. The committee In charge,
of the affair was as follows: F. B
(chairman >, Theodore Eisfeldt. A. O.
Burns. \\\ II M.i?< and B. <l .iawks.
Lost on the "Cocktail Route."
OAKLAND. Nov. 2.l.— Deputy Cc:
Stephenson of East Oakland has learned
to his sorrow that the "cocktail •
is the most impracticable way by which to
conduct a tramp to the County Jail. Yes
terday he arrested a vagrant who ;
to be of quite a sociable Pirn of mind, so
the officer and prisoner stopped at Inter
vals at divers saloons to partake of the
bowl that unsteadlep the lower limbs. At
the terminus of the rout.- the prisoner dls
appeared.
Husband Alleges Desertion.
OAK LANK. NV,\ S (;. ; . .. \\- Smith
through his attorney. Fr.'.i v. Wood to
day til.-d suit In the Super! >r Court for a
divorce from Laura If. Smith. Plaintiff
alleg.s desertion us the ground for hi*
cause of action.
TWO PROMOTIONS ON
THE NORTHWESTERN
John M. Whitman Now Fourth Vice
President and W. A. Gardner
General Manager.
CHICAGO, Nov. Two Important
promotions were announced to-day by
President Marvin Hughltt of the Chica
go and Northwestern Railroad. John m
Whitman, present general manager. Is
appointed to the position of fourth vice
president, a newly created office; William
A. Gardner, assistant general superin
tendent, la appointed to the position left
vacant by Mr. Whitman.
The latter will have general charge of
the construction of proprietary roads and
branch lines and general Improvements
of the property of the Northwestern sys
tem. He will also have charge of th.«
management and development of its coal
properties.
This change places the operating de
partment of the road in charge of Mr
Gardner the trafllc department remain
ing In charge of H. R. McCullough. third
vice president and general traffic man
ager.
A feather of an eagle shot by Dewey
haa been turned into a pen by a Cincin
nati man.
MORPHINE
Addiction cured In far-off Rritlsh Columbia. Other mean* had all fn!l#»d and
in her despair of ever getting cured Miss Carter read of that marvelous Phl-
lese rem.-dy which "antidotes" the morphine or opium ami cures In a lew
days, instead of asking others who knew nothing whatev r aboal It. but
who would probably have said that It could not t.»- done, sh.- wTOte for the
medicine and then followed the Instructions which nhe received with It.
And here is the result:
CRANnROOK. B. C .. Nov. 8. ISM.
DR. GEORGE W. WILLIAMS,
HI Kearny nrr.<>t. San Francisco. Cal.
Dear Sir— l take pleasure in praising your most valuable medicine for In
in my estimation It cannot be praised too highly. It cured my habit In 4H
hours and surely say.-d my llf.-. I sincerely hope that this will 'be the means
of bringing others to you for treatment, an I know that your medicine
cure them. I remain, very truly yours. MISS WIU.IK CARTER
This l.ulvs words bear me out in my assertion, so often repeated that
my great Chirr ■«•• remedy, that wonderful herbnl antidote will cur.
of morphine or opium addiction. No matter how bad It may be DOT h w
many "reduction" cures may have Called, C.I |Yong Yen wipes it i ut root
and branch; cleanses the whole body and I<»<iv»-s the mind aa free from
thoughts of the drug as before becoming Its victim
GI YONG YEN
Is the only known remedy in the world to-day that does th's
\\hile by the "reductl^" m-thod one may sue. -1 In ■ ulttlng the us* of
the drug, when he has drlW?d back Into the habit he will wonder what caused
his relapse.
..T h 'L fa 'i t ls> he . wa w. not rur< *^ at all. His system remained saturated
with the drug, and this caused the desire or craving which proved too
strong for him.
Patients who come to my sanitarium do not need to pay one p*nr ' -
any purpose whatsoever until a perfect and thorough cure has b.-en .'ff<-cted.
I usually keep patients one week in order to send them home In fine condi-
tion.
Call or write in confidence. Hours, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 7 to Bp. m.
DR. GEO. W. WILLIAMS, 216 Kearny SL San Francisco, Cal .
( 01-TMC
\\pxYcmis) I
LUMBER COMBINE
READY TO CINCH
THE ALAMEDANS
Plans Are Now Well
Formulated.
♦ c>
O Puget Sound Lumber Com- ♦
♦ pany. $
Derby & Co. O
O Humboldt Lumber Com- X
♦• pany. ♦
O Elmhurst Supply Company. ®
♦ £. B. and A. L. Stone Lum- t.
8 ber Company.
O East Oakland Lumber Com- O
O P an y- ♦
♦ Pacific Coast Lumber and
4. Milling Company. q
O ♦
Oakland Office San I i Call.
The building trade* of Alameda County
were surprised to-night to learn that the
final details of a big lumber trust
had been completed and that next week
the prices will be largely advanced. All
lumb«T business after December will ba
conducted under ■ castlron schedule, for
the breaking of which any concern in
the trust above enumerated must pay a
forfeit.
For fifteen years there has been no r >m
blne among the lumber men of Alamtda
County and during that time the price of
lumber has nearly always been a llttlo
lower than in San Francisco, where a
combine hoa dated for some years. !n
this county each firm has mjule Its own
prices and there has been ronslderiMo
cutting. About a year ago the Stone
lirothcrs 01 tried up extensive lumber
yards and forced competition to *ucn a
degree that there was practically i lum
ber rate war. although the demand was
always greater than the supply, -•> that
prices never got very low. The m m firm
rapidly bu'lt up an enormous business
and frequently wen unable to supoly
their customers.
Ixirltic Ute pasi two jrean th*> lum^r
men bare been reaping r I
I'liilding tiooni in thl
tx r trade baa »■• • n brisker tl a
fore. A (>•■'
dM-ld^d that their lnt<
■••il bjf :i triixf. .in.] fori
menta wi i
atea to-day. No rtrm of any prom
Is missing (T' mi the combine v ! tl
I th»- trust arc X" binding I
Tin- tirm* i ti th»- I
Sound Lumber Comi
the Humbuldt I.umJ •
A. I-. Stone •'■ mpany Pa< ifii ■
ber and Milling Company, the Elmhur«t
Supplj ari.l th<
Lumber Company. Tbeac Bran do fully
90 p«>r rent of the entire lumber tra>!e f
the county.
A schedule of rates i-« now being pre
pared that will show large Increases over
prices now In force. Surfaced lumber will
go up $3 per thousand feet after December
1; rough lumber will advance $1 and them
will be especially large Increases In laths
and shingles owing to the fact that thero
Is now a scarcity of these articles In th*»
local market. It Is understood that th»ra
Is an agreement between the Alameda
combine and the San Francisco comblno
by the terms of which neither shall do
business In the territory of the other.
George If. Payne of Alameda has been
selected for general manager of the local
trust. lie has been many years in th«
lumber business and 1- now at work Oil
the new schedule of rates.
• The effect of the trust will reach all
over the county, for the > ird < of tho
Elmhurst Supply Company are also In th>»
combine, and then supply a lnrg*; propor
tion of the building trade* In the Interior
of the county. The detail* have been ar
ranged very secretly, and not until tr>
night was It known that any such deal
was being perfected.
Are Now Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2."..— The following
have obtained marriage licenses: Edward
L. Coons, 56 years, San Franclsro. and
Lillian M. Schmidt. 26 years. Berkeley;
Louie Ambrose. -i rears, and Sarah Fur
tado, 20 years. Oakland; Robert A. Klrk
liam, 21 yean and Jennie H. Lewts. 21
yrars. San Francisco; William J. Me
Guln»*ss, 2* yrars. and Mary E. Healey,
21!2 1 ! years. Oakland: Atwel Chester Webb.
25 years, and Jessie Hunt, 24 years. Ala
meda.
Conroy Goes to Folsoxn.
OAKLAND. Nov. 2T».— The Supreme
Court has Just sustained the Judgment
rendered by Superior Judge Greene in th*s
case, of Joe Ccnroy. whom he sentenced to
sixteen years' Imprisonment In Folsom
on conviction of "rolling a drunk." Con
roy and three others were Implicated In
robbing J. Perrault of about $! '.' All say«
one. Murphy, were given severe sentences.
Conroy was moved from the County
Jail to Folsom this nfternoon.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 2."..— The next regular
meeting of \}v> Encinal Literal Soclrty
will be held on the evening of Dereir.ber
7. Some time in the sim« month th«
club will give a ladles' night. The. club
will also civ. a play during the latter part
of December.
The Harmonic Club entertain^ Its
friends in Harmon!** Hull this evening.
A one-act German farce was produce*!,
followed by an Informal dance and «up-
1314
SOCIETY
T. had rather a dampen
ing effect upon social gatherings
<Surtr.g the past few weeks- It Is
not particularly cheerful to be out
!n a f.rst-class rainstorm while arrayed
In your best bib and tucker, even If It Is
only for the few moments required In
fctepplng from a cab Into a well warmed
and comfortable drawing room. Never
theless., as the season has barely opened.
there !s still plenty of time for good
weather and many brilliant affairs are
rromlfed for the future, when the buds
cay wear their beet gowns without fear
cf the wrath of old King Pluvlus.
-••••• ' -uree a.} la
it rhark-rlvin*
' tadly, rain
wlinr.
Prominent asionc the entertainments
this week are the dinner to be given by
Mr». William Thomas on Tuesday, at
which M!rs Edith Preston will be guest
of honor; the CooXe tea In Oakland on
Tuesday afternoon, which wlil no doubt
rather many from this side of The bay.
the second meeting of La Jeuneese
on Friday evening. Dinners Innumerable
Till be Riven on Thursday. Tor Satur
• ':•>' there are a number of affairs ar
:;ir;rfd to take place, with otht-rs yet to
v • -.:.nounc<?d. There will be the annual
ratine and distribution of the Needle
work «;ulld at Miss \VeFt"s School, the
Kbowlck tea in Oakland, which will be
• tie of tl.o largest of the season across
T.'ie bay. and the reception and muelcale
• t Bt Luke's "Twenty Minutes Circle"
la the basement of the new church.
our symphony lovers are In the nev
«-.th heaven of delight: all obstacles have
beea overcome, a leader < Henry Holmes*
haw been secured— Fritz Scheel having
jrtfen-'-d paFtunf new this year— and on
Thursday. December 7. the Qrst of this
symphony 1 * concerts will be
Kiven at the Grand Opera-house.
owing to the Interim of the San Fran
ce :«.-i <Jolf Club's members In the Inter
<"llecla?e football match, it has been de
rided to postpone until aome future date
the f.rFt contest for the Council's cup for
mm. which was to have been played on
Thanksgiving day. It Is possible that the
rjuaJ trying round, which was scheduled
for Saturday. November 25. will be played
( n the morning of Thanksgiving day.
_. " -
They re Engaged.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Raum announce the en
paKement cf their daughter Elsie to Leon
ADVEBT3SE2OINTS.
BBBBsiBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
If guarantee
a I
| ....YOUR
a ...FACE
U Will positively be beautified.
U Wrinkles, moth patches, freckles
Q and aJI facial blemishes removed
U by my personal office treatment.
U Youthful freshness restored to
a the impoverished skin and faded
;- x^ complexion. I
M /j^t^l have success-
" i . «^*«i^ fully treated
CM ■V^'% thousands at
Q £^43 <tl m >' I> « r ma-
g y>" V Vf tologlcal In-
n \ t stlt v t (the
B T "*j larsett In
CS i X America) and
B Js& Vs^3^ have testlmo-
B K"*^K •§ nla I a ' r ° m
a raany a hap "
a /♦ ;" .JT^^' P>' woman.
p but the beat
q indorsement Is my own face. I
p Invite tho fullest Investigation of
B toy claims.
| Lola llontez Creme &YES
6* and t!«Fue builder, a akin rest or-
G at iv« a:;d iT-server of beauty, of
H known \fUue.
| 4-day Hair Restorer *°} c*e *
B but a natural restorer, guaran-
rj teed to restore the coloring p!§>
g ment to Its original condition.
jj tii us reproducing the natural
gj color of the hair.
I Snperflnoas Hair P«rmanetit-
tniDOQS air i y rer
3 by th" only means ever dlacov-
H en-d— :ho Klectric Needle as ope.
CI r^:«.d by Mrs. Harrison.
D
n Tr'ml Put Ladles out of town
" 1 1 !dl 101 bonding this ad. with
a 3° ccr.ts In Ftamps will receive a
„ book of Ir.structlons and a box ot
rm Lola Montez em* and Face
g Powder. FREE.
Q V!nit my Parlor* and nee what may
— be d MM for you.
R
| MRS. IETTB DABBISOY,
Q DEttVATOLOGIST.
3 40 and A' 2 Gcury St.. S»n Fr»nel»e«.
It's the style now
to go to Lederer's
for hair dressing.
25 cents.
123 Stockton St., ?T hyoh y0 V h '-
,. _ n * best hairdressing
Opp. City Of Pans. in the city.
Cohn. They will receive Sunday after
noon. December 17, at 1234 Ellis street.
Miss Flora Ahrams and Jo« Attell,
whose engagement Is announced, will re
ceive their friends Sunday. December 8,
at 1120 D*?\i»adero street.
The engagement reception of Sol Roeen
dorn ana *.!;.-.•» Li:i:e Jacobs will be held
to-day from 2 to 6 p. m. at the residence
of Mrs William Jacobs, 1042 Golden Gate
aver.ua.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Lando announce the en
faxrement of their daughter Eva to Albert
"rle-dlander. They will receive to-day
from 2 to £ p. m. at ill Stetner street.
The engagement reception of Miss An
nie Goldman and Philip Brelt will be held
at th«s home cf Mr. and Mrs. Aaron Gold
man. 221 Franklin street, Sunday after
noon, December 3, from 2 to 5 o'clock.
The engagement !s announced of Miss
M*-da Bowman and Maior George Walton
Flshbaclt. paymaster. L. S. A Miss Bow.
man Is the slate of George M. Bowman.
president of the First National Bank In
pan Joee. She has lived mostly la the
East and In Europe, but has spent the
last two years la this city. Major Fi*h-
Lru-k has been In the consular ienr\e+
abroad, but eince the b^ginrJ^r cf the
war he has teen paymaster In Cuba and
later In San Francisco.
The engagement !s announced of M!ss
Alice H. Maston to Lieutenant Cave Jotn
son. First Tennessee U. S. V. Miss Masten
1s the daughter cf Mr and Mrs. V K.
Mas: ••• cf AJameda, and Lieutenant John
son !i the son cf Polk K. Johnson, who
served on General McComb's staff daring
the civil war. and grar.dEon of Cave John
eon. Postmaster General under President
Polk. The wedding will take place early
In the new year.
Announcement !s made of the er.pap*
mer.t of Miss Florence M. Stone, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bertody Stone,
and granddaughter of the late Rev Dr. A.
L. Stcr.©. and Thomas Benton Darragb of
Nashville. Tcna.
Louis A. Gyie announces th» e.-irajre
ment of h!s daughter Julia to M. S. Born
steln. They will receive on Sunday after
noon. December 3. at 1423 Webster etre»t.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Esther Krauc to Adolpb Links.
Mr and Mrs J. Baum announce the en
gagement of their daughter EMs to L»on
Cohn. They will rtc*lve Sunday after
noon. December 17, at 1904 Ellis street.
Mr. and Mr*. D. Michael announce the
engagement of their daughter Rae to Jcke
Lewis*
Wedding Bells.
Edward P. Phillips and MJrs Ella Go 2
were married at the home of the bride's
parents on November S. The groom Is the
son of the well known mining engineer,
Henry I'hllllps. and the bnde [1 the
daughter of Almon B. Goff of this city.
The young couple were attended by Dr.
George Abrams and M!ss Edith Harris.
Mr. and Mrs. Phillips will reside Ore
gon.
The wedding of Marlon Price I>ar. and
Lena Pearl Atkins, daughter of A. Atkins
of the business department of the Exam
iner, occurrft.l at r.oon Tuesday. Novem
ber 21. at the home of the bride's parents,
1154 Guerrero street.
The wedding of Miss Belle Hutchlnson
and William 13. Pringle of Oakland will
take place on December 13.
The wedding of Alfred Augustine Bor
llnl and Miss Margaret Olcese will be cele
brated on Thursday evening, December 7.
at 6:50 o'clock, in St. Francis de Sales
Church, Grova and Hobart street*, Oak
land.
A pretty little home wedding took place
last Saturday afternoon at the home of
Mrs. C. Gantner. 610 Francisco street.
when Miss Marie T. Murzl was united In
wedlock to Jacob Ream. The ceremony
was performed by Rev. Mr. Fuendellng.
Miss Kate Rehm was maid of honor and
C. Lutz best man. Miss Julia Gantner
led the wedding march. After the cere
mony was performed the guests 6at down
to on elaborate supper, after which
they enjoyed dancing and games. Ex
quisite music was furnished by the Chrys
anthemum string band. Among those
present were: Miss M. Gantner, Mls3 F.
Koux, Mjss L. Rehm, Ml-s J. Gantner.
Miss K. Rehm. Misa M. Botfijs. ML«« A.
Murzi. Miss L. Monroe, Miss -sela, Miss
Junta. Miss C. Rehm. Miss E. Murzi, Mr.
and Mrs. J. Rehm Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Gant
ner. Mr. and Mrs. A. Weber. Mr. and Mrs
Cardell. C Lutl R. Gantner, F. L. Storey.
J. Rehm Sr. H. Monroe. C. Re' • C
Morris. M. Rehm. Mr. and Mrs. J. Lutz.
Mr. and Mrs. Muni.
Home Gatr)erlrg3
Jacob Meyers of 2310 Bryant etreet was
tendered a genuine surprise party last
Tuesday night In honor of his thirty-
Bftventh birthday. Mr. and Mrs. Meyers
were called out early In the evening to
visit a friend supposed to be very 11L Upon
their return an hour later they found their
residence- brilliantly Illuminated, tho spa
clous parlors gracefully festooned with
evergreens and V. ■ ,*•*.•••>.. while- In the din
ing; room a large taMe was daintily
spread and groaning beneath a load of the
choicest viar.ds and the most appetizing
liquid refreshments. Julius H. Jacoby
was chairman of tho committee In chargo
of tho affair, and ufter the arrival of all,
the guests called upon J. J. Applegate to
deliver a congratu;atory address to Mr.
Meyers. Mr. Appl^gato Indulged In a hu
morous Impromptu poem, full of wit and
local hits appropriate to the Individual
addressed and tha occasion. Th« toast
master, Julius 11. Jacoby, proposed sev
eral toasts, which were responded to by
August Eggert, Michael Straus, Charles
Herrmann. Miss Uertha Straus and oth
ers. Those making up tho party wore;
Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Straus, Mr. and Mrs.
Julius H. Jacoby, Mr. and Mrs. August
Eggert. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Herrmann,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lille. Mr. and Mrs.
W. A. Williams. Miss Uebekah Straus
Miss Bertha Straus. Miss Alllen Meyers,
Miss Irma Lille, Master Abram Meyers,
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob Meyers. J. J. Apple
gate, Michael Straus and Mark Btraus.
An enjoyable whist party was given at
the residence at Mr. and Mrs. U. C. Van
Eraon, 110 Webster street, Wednesday
evening. Those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Neltzel. Mr. and Mrs. James
MacKenzle, Mr. and Mrs. James Jones
Mr. and Mrs. R. W. Welty, Mr. and Mrs'
A. D. King. Mr. and Mrs. N. A. Orenlcher'
Mr. and Mrs. Marshal MacKenzie Miss
Yarmold. Miss Lulu McLeod. William
Cubery. Albert Miller and Bert Otchet.
On« of the most pleasant events of the
week took place on Saturday, when Ed
ward Bowes, son of < tain and Mrs
Bowes, celebrated his eighth birthday at
his home. 2012 Eagle avenue, Alameda.
The afternoon was spent in singing, reci
tations and games. When supper was
announced the, children formed a march
headed by little Myrtle Alwilda Bowes and
Edward Hackle, and the little ones vied
with each other In performing the steps
of the caltewalk. Among those present
were: Ad»»le Hobson, Ituth Conroy. Myrtle
Finhbeck. Doyle Taylor. Evelyn Maglll,
Ada Fletcher, Lillian Ness. Adelaide Con
roy, Myrtle Bowes. Marguerite Elliott,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, yOVEMRER 26, I SO 9.
Adrlenne Ness, Edward Bowes, Ronald
Taylor, Fred Hackle. Joseph Hobaon, Irv
ing Magi::, Percy Elliott, Everett Olson.
Frank Elliott, Raymond Bowes, Lucius
Hobson and Edward Hackle.
Mrs. John J. Paul entertained with a
luncheon party on Wednesday at her
home on Webster street. The affair was
In compliment to her sister-in-law Mr*.
R. G. Legg of Salt Lake City. Besides the
hostess and guest cf honor there were
present: Mrs. Flora Sir.art. Mrs. Raymond
Holmes. Mrs. John GUlson, Mrs. Wllber
Walker of Oakland. Miss Nettle Royal of
Santa Rosa, Mrs. Charles Perry. Mr*. Joy
and Mrs. Flsk.
Mrs. 0. B. Caldwell entertained the
members of the Ladles' Informal Loach
Club at her home, corner Adeline and
Fifty-eighth streets. Oakland, on Tues
day. November 21. The dining hall was
artistically decorated In patriotic colors
and the table prettily arranged ani!
adorned with Mane Henrtette roses. Cov
en were laid .or Mrs- E, Crowell. Mrs.
M. Case. Mrs. O. B. CaldweiL Mrs. J.
Dlerssen. Mrs. J. Ellison, Mr*. G. Moull'.n.
Mrs. George F. Smith. Mrs William
Brock, Mrs. T. i. Jean* Mr*. W. Gilbert.
Mrs. j. Huber Mrs. R. Hlohen*, Mrs. C,
J. Lancaster, Mrs. Mac Donald and Miss
a tea was f*.re?. by Mr*. R. H. Country
man a: her residence. 520 Walnut street,
on Ss.tur.iay. November IS, from I to 5
p. a. Mrs. Countryman was assisted In
receiving by the folio wine ladles: Mrs.
Joseph zl. Cutten, Miss Rulofson, Miss
Arnold, Miss Feusler and Miss Violet L.
Rulcfscn. The guests numbered l&i. In
addition to the ladles mentioned, there
were t resent at dinner Joseph E. Cutten.
Dr. Wallace Reading. T. Worthlngton
Hubbard. Clarence L. Feusler. Paul Burns
and R. H. Countryman.
Mrs. J. V. de Costa of 1313 Green street
celebrated her 6eventy-eeventh birthday
cz. November 21 All her friends were
present and had a delightful time.
Fannie Hlller celebrated her twelfth
birthday anniversary on Wednesday af
ternoon, the 22d lnet., at the residence cf
her parents. Mr. and Mrs. A. Hlller. 421
Chestnut street. Among those present
were: Olga Ulrandt. Mary Harris, Flora
Harris, Annie Lerensky. Davle Lerensky.
Ida Lehary. L-eah Lehar>-. Ruby
Schmalts, Henrietta Hiller and Bennle
Killer.
Mrs. C. F. Crosby gave a luncheon on
Tuesday last to Mrs. E. O. Rltser prior
to her departure for the Sandwich
Islands. The table was beautifully dec
orated with ferns and berries. Covers
were laid for fourteen.
The Huntington tea. at which Miss Eliz
abeth Huntington made her formal debut.
wu largely attended and the floral dec
orations of ferns and chrysanthemums
much admired. There were pretty music
and dainty refreshments, the guests t>e-
Ing looked after by the Misses Alice Hoff
mar., Katherine Dillon. Delia Mills, Jean
nette Hoc; Leila Voorkees. Alma
McClur.?, Mary Stubbs, Azalea. Keyes,
Anna Voorhees. Marie Wilson. Edith
Stubbs, Ella Bender. Bernic« Landers,
Marie voorhees, Leontine Blakeman and
McNeil.
A dinner was given by Mrs. Charles
Josselyn at her home at 2424 Stelner street
last Thursday evening in honor of her
younger daughter. Miss Mary Greenwood
Joaselyn. who was Introduced to society
et the Joaselyn tea on Saturday, Novem
ber IS. Covers were laid for thirty, those
present being Mr. and Mr*. Charles
Josselyn, Miss Florence Joaselyn, Miss
Mary Gr sen wood Jo^selyn, Miss Mary
Scott, •Dm Georgrlna Hopkins, Miss Ade
laide Murphy, Miss Ruth McNutt, Miss
Margaret Salisbury. Miss Ethel Haeer,
Mies Clara Hamilton. Miss Olive Hol
brook. Miss Cadwalader, Miss Margaret
Kohl. Miss Edith Preston. Joseph M.
Quay, Arthur Reddlngton, Augustus Tay
lor, Frank King, Donald da V- Graham,
Harry Poett, Horace G. Platt, R. G. Ham
ilton, Maxwell McNutt, George A. Martin,
Gerald L. Rathbone, J. W. Bvrne. Wil
liam Greer Harrison, Edward 3. Sessions,
Thomas Breeso.
Mrs. James Swift gave a musicals on
Wednesday evening, a large number of
friends enjoying the excellent programme.
which was arranged by Miss Bertha But
ler. Miss EduarJa Howard and Chester
Fentiiss gave especially delightful num
bers.
On Wednesday evening last a surprise
party was tendered to Mrs. J. J. Flvnn at
the residence of her mother. Mrs. Herzo,
733 Fifth avenue. The occasion was the
twentieth anniversary of the young lady's
birthday. There were over a hundred
guests present. Music, dancing and reci
tations were the order of the evening, and
at 12 o'clock the company Bat down to an
elaborate Eupper, which had been quietly
prepared by Mrs. H<-rzo. Con Mooney act
ed as master of ceremonies. Amongthose
present were Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Flynn.
Mrs. J. Herzo, Mr. and Mrs. Con Mooney,
Mr. and Mrs. Silver Dr. and Mrs. Fitz-
K»>rald. Judge Haskins and wife. Miss
Haskins, Miss Marie Clifford, Miss May
Taylor, Miss Nettle Herzo, Miss Katie
Mitchell, Miss Tlllle Brinkman. Miss Ag
nes Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. Bell, Mr. J.
Woods, Miss I>-ona Maurice. Miss Mamie
Herbert. Charles Franklin. Patrick Cul
len, Frank Dickie. Jack Heath, Mr. and
Mrs. Damon, Mrs. Captain Tibbets, Julius
Epstein, Alexander Cody, Frank Cody,
Otto Hollum. Miss Millie Codv, Mr« Tay
lor. Mr. and Mrs. Bennett. Mr. and Mrs.
McGrath. Mr. McAvoy, Mr. and Mrs. Cop
pervltch. Miss Coppervltch. Thomas Mul
cahy I.o 1 "rt Burns. Mrs. Jeff Trlplett,
Mr. Triplett. J. Barnes. Mrs. Vltty Miss
Vltty. Mr. Vltty. Antone Heno. Tom Sul
livan. J. Campion. Mr. and Mrs. Kaplan,
Jamea Stenson, Sergeant Maher, Mr. and
Mrs. Fou'z
A number cf young friends of Corporal
Hardeman of the First Tennessee Volun
teers spent a pleasant evening with him nt
the home of Mrs. A. B. Clark on Henry
street last Tuesday. Those present were*
Rev. J. G. Glboon. W. Dore. D. Maddox.
A. Wolfe. E. Mage*. C. Herrick. W. Clark,
Corporal F. Hardeman, M>s G. Felker
Mies L. Underhlll, Miss B. Tabor, Miss M
Pollock. Miss M. Walte. Miss W. Wltham.
Miss L. Owens.
Club Parties.
An enjoyable event took plaoe at Mis
sion Parlor Hall under the auspices of the
San Francisco Outing Club on Saturday
evening. The arrangement* committee
consisted of the following: Thomas Do
bertjr, Dr. Joseph F. Douglas. Thomas
Kenny, John V. Doherty and Frank Gin
net. The object of this, the first enter
tainment and ball, was for the benefit of
the outing fund of 1900. The newly elected
officers of the Ban Francisco Outing Club
are: Charles D. O'Connor, presldont; Dr.
Joseph F. Douglas, vice president; John
V. Doherty. secretary: Lester Coghlan,
treasurer. Charles I). O'Connor, presi
dent, a< ted U chairman of the evening.
The T'nlform Hank of Maccabees wa«
tendered a benefit on Wednesday evening
at the Comedy Theater. The affair was
under the supervision of Loughney, Citron
and Hunuiiker and was given to a crowd
ed and appreciative house. The medals
for the best cakewalkers were awarded
to Barney and Seattle and Stuart and
Stuart
The Becond hop of the Majesties took
place Friday evening. November 10, ISM
at Assembly HaJ!. The attendance was
large and the gowns attractive. The
grand march was led by Miss Florence
• "ook and James (Seddes. Their next par
ty will take place at the same hall, De
l-'ocember 8.
The second assembly and german of the
Entrn Nous Cotillon was given at the Pal
ace. Hotel on last Friday evening. Fifty
couples wer»> present and the gowns worn
by the young ladles were handsome. San
■ Lewald lei the cotillon with Miss
I'.elle Herzer as his partner. Mr. Lewald
Introduced six pretty and original figures.
Those In the first s-*-t were: M:ss Irene
'. .rff-r. Uratrice Jacques. Alma
Hlnk. Anita Purlenkey. LJnda Pril^r.
Alice L.. Dunne, Lulu Herges, Charlotte
Webster, Adelaide Samuels, Mabel Mc-
Fadden. Elsa Prlbe.r, Florence Fltxgerald.
Alma Harder, Margaret Collins. Gertrude
Scott. Madeleine I^eahy, Messrs. Fred H
Hink. K. W. Burgess. Dr. J. C. Stephens.
Hugo Herzer. Dr. J. D. MHUken, Jason
Qould, Philip Heuer. George Purlenkey
Jr.. Lotda F. Kelly. J. J. Van Nos
trard. William T. Hooke. Oscar Meuss
ilorffer. Merrltt D. Ronlsort. Thoni;i_s
Jacques. Mr. and Mrs. Charles F. Smith.
Dr. and Mrs. Frank L. Platt. The next
reception will be given on December 29
and will be a colonial ball.
One of the most delightful social events
of the season was the "November Party"
riven by the Alhambra Club last Wednes
day evening at Pioneer Hall. Despite the
threatening weather all those who receiv
ed Invitations were present. The entire
evening was devoted to dancing, William
Hoey acting as floor manager. .
At the regular rehearsal of the Ladles
Singing Club of San Francisco Monday
afternoon, November 10 in the new club
rooms at Golden Gate Hall. Butts* street.
folos were rendered by Mrs. Carrie Brown I
Dexter and Mrs. Mlddleton. Rehearsal
began promptly at 8 o'clock. D. P.
Hughes, director. Ladles Interested In en
semble singing are Invited to be present
at these rehearsals.
In the Future
The Elntraoht Turn Section will hold
a grand ball on Thanksgiving « v In E1"
tracht Hall. 237 Twelfth street. Grand .
inarch at 9 o'clock sharp.
Ignatlan Council No. SS, Young Men's
Institute, Is making arrangements for a
grand bail, to b« held In Native Sons'
HalL on Thursday evening. January U.
1900.
The Ban Francisco and Oakland
branches of the Young Ladles' Institute
are making arrangement* for a compli
mentary reception to be held In Native
Sons' Hall, Friday evening. December L
The committee in charge have received so
many applications tot Invitations they are
afraid ;hey will not be able lo Bunply thu i
demand, as they are limited. They are
pleased to announce that they have *ecur- I
ed a first-class orchestra of ten pieces.
The First Friday Cotillon announces an :
assembly and favor german to take place
December 1. in Assembly Hall. Red Men's
building, which Is to be the most elaborate
of all affairs this, club has ever given. The '
decorations will be elegant and In keeping '
with the Christmas tt3«v An original and :
decidedly novel and entertaining feature Is i
promised. Owing to the business engage
ments or the manager, this will probable
be the clubs last meeting this winter.
A sacred concert, hold under the
auspices of the "Women's Auxiliary" of \
the Second Unitarian Church, will be giv
en at the residence of Mrs. Alma E.
Keith, t6i« California street, on Sunday '
evening.. December 10, at 8 o'clock. A
line programme will be given under the
direction of James Hamilton Howe. M. 8..
and well-known artists, A public Invita
tion I extended. The concert will be
clven under the patronage of Mrs. H. C.
Bunker. Mrs. Isaac Thompson, Mrs. G. W.
Morrison. Mrs. Martin Walton. Mrs. N.
Damon. Mrs. John Kjder, Mrs. D. T. Neu
klrk ar.d Mrs. A. K. Hollis.
The annual reception of the California
Keram.c Club, which will take place at
the maple room. Palace Hotel, on Novem
ber S> and 29. gives promise of being a
great social and artistic success.
The Peerless Club will give their third !
jrrand entertainment and dance at Union I
Square Hall, Wednesday evening, Decem
ber 6.
The board of trustees, the faculty and
the alumnae of Mills College will tender
a reception to Mrs. C. T. Mills on Decem- \
Ler 2. from S to 11. at Sherman-Clay Hall. |
About fifteen hundred Invitations have
tee:: issued, and It Is expected that Presi- |
dent Jordan, President Wheeler, Horace ;
Davis and other distinguished educators !
will be cream.
The first large ball of the season will !
be riven by Wlnfleld Scott Keyes In honor
of Miss Azalea Keyes at Native Son*'
Hall on Tuesday, December 6.
"A Mysterious Tea." something of an
entirely new and original character, will \
be given by Fremont Parlor No. 69. N. D.
G. w., for the benefit of the sick fund on
Wednesday evening. December 13. In the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building,
41* Mason etreet. Admission 10 cents.
The Majesties will hold their fourth as
sembly and dance at Assembly Hail, 1412
Polk street, on Friday evening, Decem
ber 8.
L. P. Latlmer and pupils will riold their
carnival, reception and art exhibition in
the maple parlor of the Palace Hotel on
the afternoons and evenings of December
I and 6.
The nineteenth anniversary ball will be
held to-night at Ban Francisco Turn Ve
rein Hall.
The '99 Cotillon Club will give Its third
party of the season at Sherman & Clay
Hall on Friday evening, December L
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Bchoenfeld will be
pleased to see their friends on Sunday,
December 3. from 2 till 5 o'clock, at their
residence. 1510 Flllmore street.
Mrs. Dr. A. S. Tuchler arrived from
Europe on the 19th inst. after an ab
1 sence of four months. While abroad the
. doctor visited the principal hospitals of
Europe.
Mr. and Mrs. John D. McGllvary Jr. (for
merly Dottle Sewell) have returned from
Mexico, where Mr. McGllvray had been
In charge of his mines The young couple
have located at 1106 Shotwell street.
where they will receive their numerous
friends. Trie second and fourth Mondays
| of each month have been designated as
' their reception days. Mrs. McGllvroy is
1 a daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Sew
ell. She is one of the charming daughters
I of the Mission district. Her husband is a
, eon of the well-known builder and con
tractor and as a Native Son has friends
,by the thousands. He 1b prosperous in
his own right and has all of the genial
qualities of a San Francisco young man.
Mrs. David Marks of Helena, Mont.,
will be in San Francisco for the winter
visiting her mother, Mrs. Charles Brown,
of 1143 Gear}' street. She will be pleased
| to receive her friends on the second and
fourth Wednesdays of each month.
Miss Maybelle Getz, 507 Devisadero
street, will receive her friends on the
first Tuesday of each month.
Mrs. Amelia Thaler will leave Thurs
day. the 23d lnst.. for New York, to Join
1 her husband. A number of her friends
gave a reception at her home. About
forty attended to bid her farewell.
Mrs. John Vance Cheney and Miss Che
ney have taken apartments at the Pleas
i anton.
Major and Mrs. John A. Darling and
1 Miss Zane have reached Florence and
wjll remain there for the winter.
Mrs. L. Nathan. 1909 Sutler street, for
1 merly at the Hanford, will be pleased to
see her friends every last Wednesday in
i the month.
Miss Fannie O. Redllck is vtsltlnp In
Bakersfleld as the guest of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Redllck.
Mrs. J. D. Spreckels and her daughters
are enjoying a visit East at present, but It
is on the cards that she will give several
dances after her return, so to January
the buds may look forward hopefully.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Elkun of 226 Fulton
street announce the engagement of their
daughter Emma to Moe Mendel.
Los flngeles.
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Norton enter
tained with a theater party on Monday
evening. The guests were Mr. and Mrs.
Ezra Stimson, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Fay Jr.,
Mr. and Mrs. Richard Bundren. Mr. and
Mrs. E. J. Flenamlng. Mr. and Mrs. A. I*
Barker. Mr. and Mrs. J. T. Jones. Mrs.
Harrell and H. Holllday. A supper fol
lowed the theater.
Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Chapman gave a re
ception on Monday evening at their home
in West Twenty-eighth street. Mrs. Chap
man was assisted in receiving by Mmes.
Harris and Hatchutt. The guests includ
ed Rev. and Mrs. A. C. Smlther, Mr. and
Mrs. C. C. McFarland. Mr. and Mrs. Mil
ton Davis, Mr. and Mrs. L.. Anderson, Mr.
and Mrs. F. M. Irwln, Mr. and Mrs. H. H.
Morrow Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Lockhart,
Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Lookhart. Mr. and !
Mrs. J. H. Arnold. Mr. and Mrs. R. Liv
ingstone, Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Guthridge,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Chapman; Messrs. J. B.
Elliott. C. C. Hagerty, William Mann and
B. M. Davis.
Mrs. George Steckel entertained with a
luncheon on Saturday afternoon at her
home In South Hope street. Luncheon
was served at small tables. During lunch
eon a stringed orchestra discoursed music
from a bower of greens In the reception
hall. The guests were Mmes. L. W.
Bllnn, W. H. Barsall, W. H. Perry. J. A.
Falrchlld. E. F. C. Klokk*. O. H. Church
ill. E. P. Johnson, J. S. Chapman. L. W.
Graves Ira O. Smith. J. J. Fay Jr. J. M.
Stewart. W. 8. Hook, C. E. Kregelo. R.
H. Howell. H. Jevene, J. A. Henderson,
A. L. Danskln, J. W. Hendricks. Mary
Schallert and Fred Stolp of Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Huhbard of 1334 !
"Winfleld street celebrated their fifth wed- ;
ding anniversary on Friday evening. An j
Impromptu musical programme was ren- I
dered by Professor and Mrs. de Lano, |
Mr. and Mrs. Monlon and Mrs. Barker.
The guests were Dr. and Mrs. J. M I
White. Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Hall. Mr. and
Mrs. C. H. Barker. Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Hodson. Professor and Mrs. C. S. de
Lano, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Corwln of Baa
Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Corwln,
Mr. and Mrs. B. Monion, Mr. and Mrs.
W. D. Curtis, Mr. and Mrs. G. A. David
son, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Brown. Mr. and
Mrs. E. W. Davies, Mr. and Mrs. H. G.
Haskel; Misses Dora Scollard, Kate Par
ker, Fannie Brown, Lulu Lord; Messrs.
A. B. Vogel. Carl Corwln and Paul White, j
The "Teachers' Alliance" held a recep- I
tion in Blanchard Hall on Saturday even- i
Ing. Several hundred teachers of the city '
and their friends attended the reception !
and enjoyed the dancing, which was in
dulged In to the sweet strains of music
furnished by Arend's orchestra. Elaborate
refreshments were served, and everything !
possible was done to make the affair the ;
brilliant social success that It proved to |
be.
Miss Irene Stephens guv© a hearts par- j
ty on Friday evening at the home of her
parents, Judge and Mrs. A. M. Stevens,
In South HUT street. Miss Lillian Dow
ling of New York City and Miss Helen
Fitzgerald of Ban Francisco were guests
of honor. Mies Inez Clark and Mr. Shank
land were awarded first prizes; Miss
CummlnH and Mr. Bumllier second, and
Mt*s Dowllug and Mr. Hasklns consola
tions. Besides the guests of honor and
hostess there were present the Misses
Helen Eaton. Mary Darling, Adelaide
blown. Mary Belle Elliott, Gertrude Ma
eon. Mary Hunsaker, Louisa McFarland.
Alaude Newell Myrtla Brotherton._ lone_
Hazen, Mary Stephens, Gladys Cummnls
of Ban Francisco, Bird Chanslor, Nellie
Clark, Inez Clark. Beatrice Wlgmore.
Violet Wlgmore, Coffey, Louise Bourke,
Elizabeth Shankland, Bertha Crouch,
Beatrice Fox, Louise Mordecal, Louise
Hill, May Ridge way; Messrs. Sam Has
klns. Will Wolters. Will Innis, Karl
Klokke, Ross Smith, Carroll Allen. Wai
ter Chanslor, Dr. Coffey, E. H. Bagiey.
Fred Engstrom. Warren Car hart, Don
yon Neumeyer, Allen Hancock. Arthui
Bumiller, Harry Vermllllon, George Par.
sons, Charles Fox, Dr. John Murietta,
Fowler Shankland, David Brandt. Vance
Anderson, Burton Green, Dr. James Hall,
Dr. Donald Frick, Will Stephens and Al
bert Stephens.
Miss Flora Shaefer of Cincinnati was
the guest of honor at a party given by
Miss Augusta Slebler on Friday evening,
at her home In South Figueroa street. A
musical programme was rendered by Mrs.
Luchenbach, Miss Br&nnon, Miss Lauth,
Mrs. McCowan. Miss Slebler and Captain
Wankowskl. Besides the guest of honor
and hostess those present were Mr. and
Mrs. W. R. York, Mr. and Mrs. J. L.
Bradbury, Mr. and Mrs. Brown, Mr. and
Mrs. Luchenbach; Mines. A Wankowskl,
Cowan, Misses Flora Bradbury, Bessie
Davis, Jennie Davis, Katherlne Brannon.
Adele Lauth, Amy Wheden; Messrs. J.
W. Orr. A. W. Bradbury. Captain Robert
Wankowskl. Clarence Ferguson, Shaefer,
McKey, W. Ebellng and L. Woelz.
The Shakespeare section of the Wednes
day Morning Club held an open meeting
in the reading-room of the Congrega
tional Church, In East Los Angeles, on
Wednesday morning laat. A splendid mu
sical and literary programme was ren
dered, and "King L«ar" was discoursed.
The engagement of Miss Amy Frances
Whedon. 'laughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Whedon. to Arthur William Bradbury Is
announced. The wedding will take place
early In December.
Mr. ana Mrs. C. H. Hall entertained
Informally at dinner on Thursday even-
Ing at their home In West Pico street.
Covers were laid for Mr. and Mrs. Z. D.
Mathus, Dr. and Mrs. S. S. Salisbury,
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Stewart, Mr. and
Mrs. A. P. West. Mr. and Mrs. W. E.
McVey and J. J. Akin.
Mrs. John Chan9lor, Mrs. Walter Cros
by and Mies Bird Chanslor gave a re
ception at the Chanslor residence on i
South Figruerca street on Thursday after
noon. Mrs. Chanslor and her daughters
were assisted in receiving by Mrs. H. M. '
Sale, Mrs. H. P. Anderson, Mrs. W. H.
Anderson, Mrs. J. H. Davlsson, Mrs. H. I
Chanslor. Mrs. A. J. Waters. Mrs. A. ,
P. West. Miss Helen Eaton. Miss Maude
Newell. Miss Lou Winder, Miss May Cob
leigh, Miss Clara Howes and Miss May
Newton. About 300 guests called dunng
the afternoon.
Dr. Helen O. Anderson of this city, who
was formerly a teacher In the public
schools, was awarded first prize by the
Cosmopolitan Magazine for the best story
on the care of young children.
Governor Gage has returned to Sacra
mento after several days spent In Los
Angeles and vicinity.
General M. H. Sherman has returned
from a visit to Arizona and Sonera, Mex
ico.
Judge R. A. Ling has returned from a
business trip to Sacramento.
Mrs. C. B. Flemmlr.g ha» as her guest
Miss Mabel Gassen of San Diego.
Mrs. W. W. Tinker and daughter, Miss
Edna Tinker, have gone to Riverside,
where they will spend the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward T. Off have re
moved from the Van Nuys Hotel to 116
South Union avenue, where Mrs. Off will
receive her friends on the first and third
Fridays.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles W. Gaskell and son
of Tennessee are visiting Mrs. Gaskoll's
parents, Judge and Mrs. John M. Miller,
at their home, 2405 Wwt Sixth street.
where Mrs. Gaskell will receive her
friends on Fridays.
Lieutenant R. If. Stanton has returned
from a visit to friends In San Diego and
is greatly Improved In health.
The marriage of Mias Josephine
Schmidt, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Leon
Schmidt, to Edward Zobeleln will take
place at St. Vincent's Church on Novem
ber SO at high noon.
Mrs. Thomas Mott and daughter nave
gone to Santa Barbara for a short visit.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Barlow have ."»
turned from a visit to New York City.
Mrs. C. Parker has as her guest her
■later, Miss Henrietta Bllllngton of San
ta Barbara.
Mr. and Mrs. Hugh G&ssell have re
turned from a visit to San Francisco.
Mrs. Otherman Stevens ha* as her
guests at Abbotsford Inn Mrs. D. E.
Miles and daughter, Miss Ethel Miles, of
San Francisco. Mrs. Miles will receive
her friends on Mondays.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Randolph Miner
have removed from the Van Nuys Hotel
to their home. 2301 Scarff street. Mrs.
Miner will receive her friends after De
cember 1.
Mrs. H. O'Donoghue and daughter*
will receive their friends on the first and j
! third Mondays of the month at 1043 South j
Alvarado street.
Miss Sara Goodrich has gone to Peoria..
111., where she will make an extended
visit with her sister. Mrs. R. D. Clark.
Mrs. D. C. Demorest, son and daughter
have gone to Stockton to visit friends.
Miss Mary Bransby has gone to Europe
and expects to reside In Paris perma
nently.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Hubbell. who have
been spending some time in our city, have
returned to their home In San Diego.
Dr. and Mrs. C. A. Andrus have gone
to Riverside to visit their son, E. C. An
druß.
Miss Davenport has returned
from a visit with friends In Pomona.
Mrs. W. 8. Ovorton. who has been the
guest of her father. B. 8. Whltson, In
Riverside las returned to her home In
• this city.
Mr. and Mrs. R. H. McGregor have gone
to Fresno to visit friends.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Davis and family
of Brentwood, Cal. . have removed to Los
j Angeles, where they expect to reside per
manently.
Dr. J. J. Ornate has returned from a
visit to San Francisco.
Dr. and Mrs. C. A. Shrader of San Di
ego will impend the winter In Los Angeles
and have apartments at the Nadeau.
Judge D. K. Trask has taken apart
ments at the Westminster Hotel for the
winter.
Mrs. W. B. Kemper has as her guest
her nephew, W. T. Conley, of Columbus,
I Mo.
Mrs. Gr.iyson Lewis of South Flower
street has as her guest her mother, Mrs.
8. C. Carroll, of St. Louis. Mo.
At tfje Resorts.
PARAISO SPRlNGS— Following are the
arrivals registered here: M. F. King.
Miss Jennie Hlrschberg. L. R. Ellert. J.
Lackmann. Arthur Wetherqulst. Y. Ma
larin. J. T. Wright. Mr. and Mrs. Eugon©
Hlllblnger. Edwin Aleeltlngcr, V. G.
Reardon, George Algeltlnger, L. W. Bel
mont, E. H. Algeltlnger, San Francisco;
A. F. Joy. P. W. Morse. Watsonville; O.
Cayer. Salinas: J. T. Field, Monterey J.
Is Your Face Unwomanly?
Hare you dark shadows on your lip*, cheek,
chin or person? If you have B. B. B. English
Caramel la Just what you want. It remove*
and cure* this unfortunate blemish. After one '
application your face will be a* free from hair
at the palm of your hand.
B. B B. English Caramel I* Indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had 20 years of
successful practice In England and on the Con-
tinent. It Is 1n fact the only satisfactory erad-
ication of superfluous hair known to science
We guarantee a cure In every cue under-
taken. Women attendants. Prompt attention
to mail orders.
MRS. DIHTZ, formerly with the Burden.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., San Francisco.
Halrdrwlnr, 2Ro; manicuring. 25c: shampoo-
Ing, ttc; facial rousa«e and it>amin»;. p
ADVERTISEMENTS.
<J]w> /J\ [Love g-t o^ .
_JM_M^fioiil.e_fly!s _Qfti.cA.
Chib 2 e 4^
tut tj 0 o .' eta 3. i^et 1 luit«. tke Vevy
Alau3wS|>a)r4, "Percy leo/xava.
$cratc/iecl //ie Ca»Y/?et ML.
ki'^ a/au;s J(st was fat Cav^t
fa oLt'eLyib^UrtLl-CLUb.)
(To be continued next Sunday).
A REMARKABLE SPECIAL
ART CARPET SALE,
Positively Only Monday and Tuesday
Country orders will be filled three days after.
Kidder Carpets, regular 50c — now 224 c
Kensington Art, regular 50c — now 3 He
"Cashmere," extra heavy, regular 85c — now .... 65c
Boston Fiber Carpets, regular 75c— now t" :
Punjab Carpets (solid colors), excellent for rug effects,
in Terra Cotta, Blue, Old Gold, Dark OHve, soft-
toned shades, so desirable for modern furnishings,
regular price 60c— now 35c
Rugs, all sizes, from 40c to $50
Oil Cloths, regularly sold for 35c, now 20c a square
yard.
Don't forget the sale is only for Monday and Tuesday.
I ART CARPET SHOP,
228 Powell, near Geary.
Leather Goods
We are showing a complete assortment of
this season's novelties, but limited space here
permits us only to mention items suggestive of
Christmas gifts.
Our stock of leather goods consists of all the
latest novelties in purses, combination purse
and card case, letter cases, chatelains, shopping
bags, grips, suit cases, belts, etc.
Combination books Alligator skin grips
(pane ttr.i c«rd cam conhlstd)
Black seal, 60 75, 1.15 A , lar ? c . tment 0,
up to $5.00 each. 75 ' 5 !g enulne alligator grips at
Alligator skin, 60, i.ro, J^VeS "* *
1.25 up to $5.25 each. H3.50 each.
Morocco 50, 65, 90 up to Suit cases in a variety of
$6.00 each. leathers at 6.00, 6.75, 7.25,
_, .. . up to $20.00 each.
j Combination books m- v i^« v a
. „ „ , Mexican hand carved
(with sterling »llvtr comers) , . . , , .
D , . . o leather goods— stock is corn-
Black seal, 85, 1. 15 1.50 plete with novelties of every
up to $8.50 each. I description. X
Alligator skin, 85, 1.00, !
1.25 up to 10.00 each. A handsome assortment of
Morocco, 85, 1. 00, 1.1 5 lea *her traveling rolls com-
up to $12.00 each. P !ete with sterling silver
1 Also some choice pocket- ; mountings, ebony fittings,
books in monkey skin, wild at 4-5° 5-°° up to $18.50
steer, horned alligator and eacn -
levant leathers. We stamp the name free,
Children s purses, 10, 20, j In either gold or silver, on all
35, s°. 65c each. I leather goods of $1 or over.
j tap Kearny St.
Writ* for our new illustrated catalogue.
&JBSS £1 **• m *> Lou Brown
TROUBLE EXPECTED
WITH CREEK INDIANS
"Full Bloods" Elect a Rival Chief
and Will Make an Attempt to
Seat Him.
MrSKOGEE. I. T.. Nov. 25-Reports
reached here to-day that the full-blood
Creek Nation held an election resulting In
the selection of Chitto Harjo principal
chief and Arllnger second chief. Th*se
people aro opposed to any change In their
tribal customs. fJeneral Porter of Mus
kogee, recently elected principal chief,
will be Installed on the 27th. The Harjo
faction wll! at the same time endeavor to
eeat their candidate.
Reports from Okmulgee are to the effect
that over 300 full-bloods In camp there are
armed to the teeth, with the avowed pur
pose of resisting Porter and aiding Harjo
I Slates Indian A K ent Shoenfelt
leaves to-morrow for Okmulgee with a
number of the beat police, under command
of Jack Ellis, to preserve the pea.
prevent bloodshed. Serious trouble Is an
ticipated.
District Attorney Soper received In-
Btrurtlons from the Attorney Oeneral di
recting him to prosecute persons for intro
ducing cattle In the ("reek nation In viola
tion of the law. The Grand Jury at
oner adjourned to-day, finding seventy
one Indictments, ten for murder and the
balance for larceny and for Introducing
whisky. "
WAS READY FOR A RISING.
French Anti-Semite League Had
Carts Filled With Anns.
PARIS. Nov. 25.— Senate. Bitting a*
a high court, heard witnesses to-day la
reference to the Royalist arrange
for an uprising In February last. On<»
witness deposed that M. Ouerln'a secre
tary told him the anti-Semite league was
ready to march and that carts tilled with
arms and munitions would follow the
demonstrators. Some of the witnesses,
however, made contradictory statement*,
which evoked protesU from the accused.
Killed in a Mine.
COPPER* ipnus. M mart
was Instantly kli>d and another mi
If not fatally Injured at th* Rojra]
. -x-A in!:..' t' I . BBOf .;:. :
killed Is Arthur Billings it
worked a fow shifts, he bai I
here from Arizona ■!
Of-urije Watson, seriously Injun I
: In this community. T •
say that It h hardly prot. • I
survive until morning The a ■ I
caused by the men drilling Into a mis*e<l
shot. This In the first fa ■ it that
has occurred In this mine.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemtshe* are r.-rr. ■■■■'■ ■ '
DR. aril MRS. A. W. THAVEH.-'E. Donohc*
building. 1170 Market it cor. Taylor, room*
U-r». with the electric needle without pain w
scar. Permanency ruaranteed: hours 1 to i P-ni.
What the World's greatest Serpentine Dancer.
LOIE FULLER,
Sayi about the skin food an* USWH tulldtr.
BRAHMAN , "Tv^T —
TOILET CREAM. I jf«t|
"J certainly can rec- » t£?ks&ff, i vt®
ommend your delightful tfl-Jy^g^\^~ t T2
Brahman Toilet Creara ipfof 1-r *VJJo
as one of the best thing* Vftff v^n
for It* purpose I bave «^> Zf,.<l: f
ever u»e-i. -i | 'S^l^ty*^' *.»'*-
Autograph letter can /ICj'^TV)*^'' <
be ee«n at office of 'J_Z3MmHK^4—
I A. .W. TRAVERSE, It D.ADVERTISEMENTS.
Useful
I Holiday Gifts i
i ...AT... &
I Popular Prices. I
I FEATHER BOAS. I
3 $3.50, S5, $6.50, $7.50, $10, 8
I $12.50, $15, $20. |
FUR SCARFS. S
§ $1, 51.25, $1.50, $2, $2.50, S
-; $3, $3.50, $4, S3, $6.50, §
$7.50, SS.SO, $10.
SILK WAISTS. |
'y Late»t style* ana colorir.r*
t IS, Sb, $7.50, $10. g
I WOOL WAISTS. |
$1.50, $2, $2.50, $3. |
SILK PETTICOATS. |
In all ahafle* -• ' ■ erf at variety cf $
? 54.50, IS, 57.->O, SS.SO, 8
> $10, si 2. $15, $17.50, $20. §
DRESS SKIRTS. 1
X In Pllk. Wool. Crri>on. BtrJet'y tailor S
% mafle. from V
> 52.5U to $35. $
I FUR COLLARETTES. S|
5 Th« very latest rorr.blnnlor.«. g
>; $5 to 525. O
o °
5 CAPES. 8
a Pur, Ellk, Cloth Capes, tn endlniii va- A
O rtct> - g
§ GOLF CAPES. X
$ FVr I^a4!e» and Children. V
ft 53. 50 to SI 7. 50. §
i »
I GOLDEN GATE CLOAK 1
i AND SUIT HOUSE, §
| 1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. |
fflV
REMNANT SALES
AS !<">r.K as vaudeville managers insist
vjpon buying £t the remnant coun
ter of drama and ojvra, so long
mv« the public accept remnants
ir.<l try to pretend that they are not
-klinpy. "They are from the best piece
f Roods In ftock," fays the manager.
AILLE D'AkVILLE, WHO ADOPTS VAUDEVILLE.
; Wl\, to he Bi:r n
do. It Is
■
i was the
■
Inea in
t >
?Lcaro to labor and to wait," and th«-n
> '<'■'. ii-rn«'mk r how comfy you felt be
cause It was over and you could rush for
your kat and rojolce that you wouldn't
hwve to bo botlx red by speaking again
until :.<xt Jay. In the Unlit of these rec
<'ll-cti-.'iij» uu,- r«-al]y f<f-l» nnrry for Miss
Ktuart that t-ho. h»s hf-r little piece to
hi>< .ik, i.ut It is ■f)on over :in«l perhaps
rhe can have a nice time afterward.
"The Pair Ko,u«.-Ktrienne" Is rather a
n<-at f-Ketch. wliirh jsun*«.-rs by comparison
with "Tl..- arciu lU<J«r.- If It were not
fnr the roniparl^<.n It would pass muster.
M!*» Ptuart b assistant is one Alexand«-r
Kearney: a Rftitkman of many and muf-
V.'-v \\t.r<]R. Ho lw «-inlr<!y artificial from
laUK'h to love, but h« handles l>oth with a
t month tf-chiiiquf. There Is another por-
K^in In t!»«- caNt who la unmentionable.
The ( >nih«um buys for us co many crisp
r.ti.l unfaded plccc-H of now Roods. There
w*»re the Hawaiian Queens and Louise
Grosser and th« pickaninnies. But be
i\<\r* th«-^*» are th«; rcmnaiits, all sorts
<>f them, from poor, withered Camilla
Vi-ko with th«» dumb animal pathos of old
t g«\ even unto the weary Miss Stuart. So
it ROC'S.
• • •
E!ffht theaters are combining to give, a
benefit pprfnrmanrc for the actors' fund
It will bo held at the Orpheum 01 the
nftf-mocn of December 14 and win last as
lone as possiblo without Involving lunch
1 ;^k<l-.
Farces cease at the Columbia and m?lo
rtrama follows. "Shenandoah" will open
Monday. It comes with the roar of many
cannon and the clanklnp of many hoofs
•Mill the blowing of Bronson Howard
trumpets.
The Frawloy company Is In for twelve
wrr>k 9 at the California. Miss Van Bu
»*n, the majf-*tlc, vill have a chance at
last to show San Francisco what she can
po. Last summer's conditions permitted
■•r only to be.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
MME. D'ARVILLE
HAS ABANDONED
OPERATIC WORK
Decided to Take Up
Vaudeville.
COMIC OPERA WITHOUT FUNDS
SALASSA THE BEST BARYTONE
IN THIS COUNTRY.
The only two comic opera stars In
America, Who have an International repu
tation are Camilla D'Arvllle and Lillian
Ruesell. Th.> .former arrived In this city
a few days apo and will make her ap
pearance at the Orphcum this afternoon.
This accomplished vocalist is well known
to San Francisco theater-goers. She ap
peared here twice with tho Bostonians
and made one of the bigpest successes of
• any prima donna. Her last appearance
here occurred about four fears ago. Find
ing that the managers of comic opera
were mostly unable to nay their employes,
Mme. D'Arvlllo decided to po on tho vau
deville stage, with an account of (28,000
owinp her. When I calle<l on this famous
singer at the I'alac« Hotel yesterday I
found hor practicing. She has still that
rich voice that enthuses music lovers and
I the graceful manner with which she over
comes scientific vocal feats is as formerly
the characteristic of her execution.
"I consider tho vaudeville business from
a concert standpoint." said Mine. 1 >'.\r
ville. "I do not notice tho other numbers,
but simply attend to my own work. I
lind the vaudeville audiences very intel
ligent. They know exactly what they
want and are very discriminative In the
distribution of their applause. The rea
son why [ left th< comic opera stage la
I because there is no more money In it and
the average comic opera manager has no
Ilnancial backing. As soon as I find a
1 manager who has money and who is will
i ing to pay a living salary 1 shall go back
• t>> the comic opera stage."
Camilla D'Arvllle has received flattering
offers from Europe, and it is probable that
[ she will appear in "Madeleine"* In Berlin
and Vienna next season. She has also an
!: will
■ •
■
■
i She
■
■
him.
The Syn-.- |ti re-
■
■
■
■
■
■ -
■
f M r . 8 1 a rk. 1
I have
■
■
from
the manapemer.tof the Tlvoll Opera-house
yesterday regarding tho prolong-in? of the
jrrand opera season. The throng was so
jrreat that th<y could not he accommodat
ed and so it was necessary to have three
more extra performances for those who
rame too l a t<\ Tuesday '-v.-nlns will be
the "Masked Rail"; Saturday. "Caval-
SH*. .. a ? < L "I'uKHaccl." and Sunday,
Othello. To-morrow evening "The Hoo
lah ' will be given.
• » • .
Rice's famous cxtravapanza. "Evanfrc
line." ia attracting crowded bouses at the
• Grand Opera-house and consequently will
be continued all next week. There will be
a special matinoe Thursday next. Thanks
giving. After to-morrow evening there
will be an • <han X*K * of all the
specialties. On Monday. December 4
Stewart and Robertson's comic onern'
"His Majesty." will be prc-s-ntcd
• • • •
The successor to "My Friend From In
' dia" at the Alcazar will be "Saints and
Sinners." an emotional play whoso senti
ment will appeal to those who admire
poelety plays and dramas of a melodra
matic character. Among the coming at
tractions is Francis Powers' new 1,1;, V
"Mother Earth." v *'
• • • •
Besides Camilla D'Arvllle the Orphoum
will present the following new attractions:
A. D. Robblns. trick bicyclist: Pete Uaker
a clever German dialect comedian and'
Albinl, a mapician.
CROWDS AT THE
STEEPLECHASE
Constantly Increasing crowds Is the rulo
at the Steeplechase. The Coney Island
attractions have caußht the popular ye
and throng* have visited Central Park
throughout the week. Sunday is always
a favorite day. and preparations have
been made to k-.vo thousands a Jolly time
lay. The Jeffrles-Fltzslmmons light la
one of the best reproductions of a pugilis
tic encounter ever exhibited. Every round
of thlß great battle is reproduced with
faithful exactness. The daring feats of
Professor Hill on the hißh wire, the weird
experience on the razzle-dazzle and the
funny sensations riven by all the Coney
Island novelties present a remarkably
strong bill at this unique resort.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 20, 1R99,
DANCE OF THE MACCABEES.
Initial Hop of the Membership of
Division No. 3 of the Uniform
Bank.
Golden Gate Hall, on Butter Btreet, was
resplendent last night with decorations,
the principal colors being those of th«*
order of the Knights of the Maccabees.
American flags and palms. The reason
for this decoration was that the hall was
used for the lirst Initial hop given by the
members of Division Xo. 3 of the Uni
form Kank of the Maccabees, under the
( San Francisco Tent No. 18.
Desplttj the unpleasant weather there was
1 attendance of gallant sir knights
and ladies of the San Francisco hive of
the Maccabees, besides many of the
friends of both branches of the order.
Tho grand march, led by Floor Director
George V Lerol and Mrs. I-eroi, had In
it a large number of couples, who pre
sented a pretty eight as they marched
thmuph the various detours. The order
<>f dances Included twelve numbers and
three extras and when the last had been
danced there was a call for "Just one
more."
This first move In the social line by the
division, which was a great success, was
arranged by Lieutenant George v. Lerol.
:.t Thomas J. Harris, Theo Frolich.
. It. Richards, !.. M. Jacobl and \V.
v.\ Thompson. In the work of the even
ing they were assisted by tho reception
It tee, consisting of Captain H. L.
Tlckner, M. B. Bchofleld, H. H Castle,
Dr. J. 1.. Man* >n. Colin Salmond. W. L.
C. A. Anderson, C, U Gardner, 8.
\V. t;il>s.>T). Thompson White and C B.
Warner. Floor Director Lerui had as as
ant Bdwln Bavery, A.
-V. liunnc Sergeant Frederick Wastler,
S. W. Creißh, Clarence Erlckson, Frank
H. Gibson. T. F. Higglns, J. H. Bampson,
F. It. Sampson. J. J. Clancy, R. K. bcott,
E. H. and W. W. Waterhouie.
Spartan Lodge's Smoker.
• of the Ancient Order of
T'nited Workmen has inaugurated a ser
ies of smokers, given on the last Satur
day In each month. These are under or
■a n as •'K.i.ici nf the
..r.lrr." an.i In addition i.. talks that are
membership and tho nr
der at lare> . there is a short programme
(jf it! 1 -
There • t'.tendance of mem
- last nipht "n tho lodge
room. Those present were entertained
Deputy Malloy. iv*t Masters
;rtis, Cunningham and
■nlng the following named
■ d dfllcors for tho ensulns term:
S II Hook, master workman; 1". Cs For
tune, foreman; P. ESwald, overseer; P. A.
; William Sprallng, inside.
watchman; C T Btansbury, mitslde
i. trustee.
Russia coulrl i<ut in the field 155,000 cav
alry t>> tlu» 112.000 of Germany and Aus-
I tngary <-..mbined.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
♦ ♦O<JC0©GC'C000©0G0«008««O
.j^ buy rim i
ikJlfo YOUR U U •
S£^^^^ H. UEBES & COMPANY. I
t . . S-' They nre repponslble dealers an.l th-lr A
garments have .1 world-wide reputa; A
{^-"i'.'t^-'fttt;^ for quality. Hi -h and fit. They carry A
'W/i.->-'^K'Vf,^if|"A a larscr and more varied stock or furs 0
/&' i^mßsi SK{. -j than all of the furriers west of Chicago 0
t& (i na^T?J^ combined. O
Mi4u'iilP FUR COLLARETTES AND •
F •.**.•»■;??•■•{ fin .'K«"' PADI7Q a
™ ?W y t Afh b ©
4, IN ENDLESS VARIETY. A
O Baltic Seal ■■■:- Astrachan Yoke. IlalUc &•■! Cape. Astrachan Yoke, fln- 9
O 1° ;•:■;,•- *r..00 l«h-.l with 2 heads and 4 milt... Sl 1 .110 9
O Kle<"trlc Seal Collarette, top collar and Same. If inches deep J? I -.,";«> 5
9 border of sable rolorvd hare. 10 inches _. . , _ , _ . •
X ... «7 %O Electric Seal Cape, choicest quality, with A
** full Persian Yoke, elegantly line.i. fin- a
»5 Raltic Seal Collarrtte. Electric chlnchll- lnhe.l with 2 heads and tails all amunrl X
q la c.llar and l>ottom. 12 inches..^7. !»O *::.-,. i»o 9
'3 2
S FUR NECK SCARFS FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS. .•
c?
2 ('•.mod Ptnne Marten Opossum Scarf. 1 Horfesho«> Stone Marten Opossum Scarf. I A
q hra.l and 5 tails 9aJM heads and 8 tai15. .'.1*3.50, J«4. fIQ 0
A The rame scarf In sable color J».'l.«X» The same scarf In sable color $4 no 0
0 " % * ©
o o
I H. LIEBES & COMPANY, !
© INCORPORATED, •
g The Largest Fur House In the World. •
g 133, 135, 137 POST STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. 2
O Bend for Btiutifally Il'.citrattd CtUlogui. Mail Ordcri Oiren Special Attention 6
9 ' O
G0«0»000C0©0CGGC0000©0*0Qe©©«5©00«©0000000©00*
INVEST
IN THE
TAR CANYON OIL CO.
SHARES $1.00 EACH.
This property is located In the
celebrated Kreynhagcn District,
and Is surrounded by producing
wells.
The Mining Bulletin of 1834 says:
There are seepages of heavy
tarry oM in Tar Canyon.
I'urine will Boon commence and
price "i stock will advance as work
progresses.
NO ASSESSMENTS. NO SAL-
ARIES.
BUSINESS MANAGEMENT.
PROSPECTUS FREE.
INVESTIGATE.
DIRECTORS:
JAMES A. WILSON* President
Sec. Builders' Exchance.
P. A. BERGEROT Vice President
Ires. Board of Education.
O. R. GIBSON Secretary
Sec. Central Hardware and Supply Co.
W. I. BROBECK Treasurer
Asst. City and County Attorney.
HON. FRANK McOOWAN'
Ex-State Senator
7th Floor, Crocker Building, r. 142-143.
PHONE MAIN KM.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS, I
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired,
Subscriptions as low at $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound. 8x11). as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a "elec- ,
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than 17.
The Fund created Is divided equally be-
tween the family of the late Eajcene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR TUIfD
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is Inserted as
our Contribution.
CtiULOO LWYIO
CHINESE FEUD
IN MARYSVILLE
Hoey Gim Killed by
Highbinders.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
MARYBVIL.LE, Nov. 25.— The highbind
er war which waa transferred from Chlco
to Marysvllle formally opened last night,
when two members of tho Buey On Ton*
waylaid Hoey Doy Qim, a leader of the
Hop Sing Tong. In an alleyway and shot
him fatally. Two of three shots fired
lodged in the Celestial's body and he died
from his injuries clx hours later. The as
sassins made their escape, and as there
■vverp i.o white eye-witnesses to the mur
der it Is not probable that they will be ap
prehended. The Hop Sings have sworn to
avenge the death of Uim, who was con
■ldered a valiant hatchetman and an ex
pert ?hot t so more shooting 1b looked for
in the Chinese quarters.
A n Ive of the San Francisco
Chinese Mission. Miss I'onald Campbell.
wa_s in this city on r»scu<- work last night
and rare success attended her errand.
Armed with a map <.f Chinatown an<l a
letter of Introduction from Chief Lees, the
lady presented herself to Marshal M i! ■ -!i
on the arrival of the Knights Landing
train. The officer accompanied h«-r to a
Chlnepn house on First street, wh>re *he
object of h< r b< ar< h, s young Chinese girl,
was fi'inul. Tli>- girl willingly acconn
Miss Campbell from tne place, recognising
in her an old friend, and they returned *o
San Francisco <>n the Oregon express
train. The Chinaman from whose house
th« girl was taken claims that she is his
' and that Miss Campbell acted as an
ally of one v> •■ Sam. a ICarysrlHe gam
bler n"W In Ban Francisco en rout
China. He says V. «■ Sam will kidnap thu
woman and take her across the ocean
with him.
In Favor of the Bond Issue.
The Progressive Municipal Club of the
Forty-fourth Assembly District held a
meeting last evening at Rea's Hall, 1330
Stockton street, and effected a temporary
organization. U. 1- Re« was chosen
chairman and Eugene J. Sullivan secre
tary. Public weekly meetings will be held
during the campalpn. at which prominent
speakers will address the citizens of the
district on the bond question.
GALLAGHER'S Shorthand Institute
furnishes stenographers writing over HO
words per minute. Try tl.--m. I'arrott
building. Tel. South 43.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE^
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Verdi's Great Tragic Grand Opera
"A IDA!"
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
Owing to the unprecedented demand and
the thousands unable to secure seats, the
management at great cost have Induced
Slgnors Salassa and Avedano to kindly con-
sent to sing next week.
THREE EXTRA GRAND OPERA NIGHTS.
Tuesday "THE MASKED BALL"
("UN BALLO IN MASCHERA.")
BATURADY EVE! SATURDAY EVE'
"CAVALLERIA'Vand "PAGLIACCi"
SUNDAY NIGHT. SUNDAY NIGHT
Gala Performance of Verdi's Opera '
OTHELLO
Positive Farewell of Slrnors Salassa nn 1 *~^
"«»* ■"& d AY "
Superb Production Vxt v. . k of the Famous
"THE HOOLAH !"
Monday. Wednesday. Thursday Frldav *•«.„
ln* B and Saturday Matinee ""
Thanksßlvlns K 'S h At »Mford Students Will
"The Hoolah" a Gorgeous Spectacle'!
"The Hoolah" Is Replete With Catch* urn...
"The Hoolah" Provokes Nothing butliu^flr
"The Hoolah" has Delighted Two Co^Untnf •
"The Hoolah" always Attracts Crowd"" "
POPULAR PRICES-25c and 30c.
Telephone for Seatw. R ua h 9
OLYMT*IA&ffi.is 6m
v^^' * tWi M 'Hcob.mjisoi*
THE ONLY FREE 'VAUDEVILLE SHOW IN
THECITY.
THE GREATEST BILL OF THE SEASON
CAD WILSON,
Tha millionairess coubrette
HASTINGS AND HALL
Society Duo. •"—«-,
And a full bill of other attractions.
A $10,000 belt and chatelaine belonrlnr to CnA
Wilson can be seen In the show windows of
MAURICE VAN VLIET.
J^ 4 «nd 845 Market st.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEES EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY
AMTJSEygNTS.
WEEK BEGINNING Sunday Matinee, Nov. 26.
THE GREATEST BILL OF THE YEAR!
ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINARY— THE QUEEN OF COMIC OPERA,
Cam i He
D'Arville.
The Highest Salaried Artinte In Vaudeville.
AI^SO THE FOLLOWING VATT>KVII,LE STARSI
A. D. ROBBINS,
PETE BAKER,
SIGNOR ALBINI,
CORA STIART AND CO.,
LA PETITE MIGNON,
RICE AND ELMER,
LUCIE VERDIER,
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH.
MATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, NOV. 26.
rnrquet. U ontn. any .eat; Balrony. 10 cents; Children. 10 cents, any part.
a rew iront orrhCFtra rows reserved. £0 cents: front rows of balcony I— MTld ZZ cents.
SPECIAL MATINEE THURSDAY, NOV. 30— THANKSGIVING DAY.
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■
VjVJLU ■■ DI A theater WHY SMITH LEFT HOME.
JACOB LITT'S BIG SPECTACULAR PRODUCTION... I -r^ jiyr^ PP^,*/l
OF BWO/VSO/V HOWARD'S TO'MOFfffOW
CHEAT WAR PLAY m . . . . J NIGHT !
"SHENANDOAH."
THE CHEAT EliD-OP-THE-CENTURY MILITARY SPECTACLE,
I ARTILLERY— INFANTRY— CAVALRY.
JSUU THE most BATTLE SCENE g f ya. 50
V 7 VF /tsTot/wpnvo tSMiTLE SCENE firS. OvJ'
PEOPLE NO ADVANCE IN PRICES-SI.OO, 75c, 50c, 25c. HOR^F^
«» M _^_^ MATINEES . . THANKSGIVING . . DAY . . AND. . SATURDAY. I IHJI*OLQ
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ aaaaaaaaaaaaaBBBBBBBBBB||BBBBaBBBBBBaBBBBa|
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
fAREVa/ELL THIS AFTERNOON x/^rf^fclXJ X/ rf^fc TV? O J^k IX.T
jggSlfegg* GOOD-BY FORLVtiR PEKFOKMANCE OP YOIN YOINSOIN.
( |lKiii|P^\ \'~, . Ijn KUNI.AY .... TO-NIOHT
/®r W^iV > «.,,-. And Every Evening This Week. *v»-j.i««*
■If V #% A WELCOME ROYAL TO THE FAVORITE
ipL^t FRAWLEY COMPANY.
S>&2&3 '^S %)• orlB!n^ U at U ha t a°^ 1 iv t J!rthl ft nn l i A 2R unl fnCTKemrat here of this dlstlngulihcd orifanlzatlon of San rranelm-o
«?/^^2 T^ // A MAGVIFirPVT Ivn 'SwfS^X 1 - £ nl Z ot th<? mni ' t •"Portant Intellectual center, of America.
'5-7 MAGNIFICENT AND BTUPENDOCB PRODUCTION BT T. DANIEL FRAWLET OF THE GREAT
S ->^|M k %.> / ENGLISH RACING DRAMA.
lpV THE SPORTING DUCHESS.
M ***£&££sS J^ By Cecil Raleigh, Henry Hamilton and Sir Aujrustua Harrli.
>/J&\ V JfflL THE COMPANY :
1, ffl' - <i H EA TSn V ;%S n ■T,, K !l |. l A^ I AT^ATTry. 8> HKC • ■
1..' OLL THE TRIAL FCJJNE AT EPSOM. THE EPISODE AT THE I«ADDOCK REOIJInNTAL BAl^.
A OMMPSK..K ARISTOCRATIC ENOLIBH (JENtTINE JOCKEYS' REAL. TRAIVKRS!
A GLIMPSE OF ARISTOCRATIC ENGLISH TURF SOCIETY OF TO-DAT TRAINERS!
Management of Mr. Frank Murray.
SPECIAL MATIN EE THANKSGIVING. REGULAR /nATINCB SATURDAY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN K3.
WEEK OF MONDAY, NOVEMBER 27th, 1899.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK of th» Beautiful and Diverting Extravaganza
EVANGELINE!
Don't Mies Charles 11. Jones' Fasclnatlnr Creation.
THE MARCH OF PATRIOTIC COLORS.
INTRODUCING A BEVY OF BEAUTIFUL GIRLS.
The Most Enjoyable Entertainment In th« City.
SPECIAL M.A.TT.NBE! THANKSOIVINO DAY
THANKEGIVINO NIGHT ENTIRE THEATER SOLD TO BERKELEY UNIVERSITY*
BO i S.
o«<£«« A -r-*.H. "HIS MAJESTY!"
Music by H. J. Stewart; Libretto by Peter Robertson.
POPULAR PRICES 50c, 35c, 25c, 15c and 10c.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee 25 cents.
Branch Ticket offt<-<» Emporium.
GRAND OPERAHCDiE -Special!
THURSDAY AFTrrtNOON. Dec. 7th.
at 3:15.
w Symphony Concert,
Under the Dln?ctlon of
HENRY HOLMES
Late Conductor of the Orch'strn. of the ROYAL
ACADEMY of MUtXC LOMDOM.
SIXTY-SIX MUSICIANS In the Orchestra.
AIA. SEATS KKSKRVED!
Price»-$1 60. |1 00. 75c. 60c and 2So.
Sale of K<?ats will begin at Sherman. Clay *
Co.'i, Friday. I'ec. 1, at 9 a. m.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINQ.
MAJOR MITE MAJOH MITB
In Hli Great Imitation of CORNILLE.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS,
In a GLORIOUS SPECTACULAR MIRROR
DAN' i:.
r;REAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW and HIOH
I-IVER.
Cn*er Up In the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
SPECIAL! AMATEUR NIQHT WEDNES-
DAY NIGHT.
Jphone tor Seats, Park &
STEEPLECHASE !
CENTRAL PARK. ftf£®'«™
Laughable ! Funny ! Startling! Unique !
The Strongest 'Bill Yet Presented.
PROFr-.Bft.iß L . ILL - ln hi» wonderful
hloh wire exhibition.
The «I£FFRIhS.FITZ6IMMO.N3 flftht
entire II round*. •
The BICYCLE CIRCUS, a genuine novelty.
The Arent ROMAN CARROUSEL, first
ever exhibited.
Be an nnjjel on the ARIEL TROLLEY.
The Barrel of Love, « ludicrous feature.
Kee the Animal-* Fed la the liumun Cage
Watch for the Lively Blower. Try the
Funny tulrwav nnd a host of others.
Go to sea on the
K.-sZZL -DAZZLE.
Admission 10c. Including a ride on the horses
Handsome I'rw^nt* to Every Winner.
GRAND CARNIVAL BALL
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
Thanksgiving En.'; Wednesday. Not. 29th.
TO BE GIVEN BT SAN FRANCISCO
AERIE No. 5.
FRATERNAL ORDER EAGLES.
1150 IN CASH PRIZES TO $150
1150 IIASQUERADERS »100
THREE SPECIAL. PRIZES FOR THREE
THREE CAKE WALK. THREE
ADMISSION One Dollar
AMUSEMENTS.
(THE . •:..;. .- PLAYHOUSE.)
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
LAST comm;ncln2 with
MATINEE TO-DAY
(SUNDAY)
: TO-NIGHT j
JACOn LITTS
EVERLAsnyq
| THANKSGIVING PAY MATIN \
IN
OLD
KEN-
TUCKY.
NEXT FRIDAY-
JOCKEY NIGHT.
night ron R vn l tY n i;«7/:r Wnu nn A ma
XIOHT Fop. BVCXTDOI
ISr, 2.1 c, nr>c, ,lOc an.l 7O«.
MA-: HATiritDAY AND MfNPAY
I .In, 23c. :t.i« >> 1 «•»«•
ALCAZAR_JHEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY (BtTICDATX
TO-XIOIIT LAST TUOI
"MY FRIiN,> FROM INDIA."
TO-MOm niONDATi ,HX
AMD ENTIRE WEEK
MATINEE THAJfKSGIYIXa PAT.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY PItOGitAMME.
THE ALCAZAR PLAYERS,
Presenting a Play of Mortem Kniti:- Llfi»
Entitled
Saints
A Delljchtful Play Full of Human Interest.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, Nov. 261h.
CRACK
Puppy and Champion
OPEN STAKES.
128 Nominations!
$1000 in Prizes!
CONCERT nr THE BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE:
Lear* Third and Townaend atrrets 10:13 a. m
11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. Twenty-flfth and
Valencia atrerts five minutes later. R*tnfn-
In* after lai»t course and <*p«"~i)tl train at 4 c,
p. m. San Mateo electric cars every ten mln«
uten.
ADMISSION, g CENTS. LADIES FREE. '
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB -1900
Winter Meet. - November 20 to December 1.
1»». lnclu.lv*.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raclnr Monday. Tuecday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or ahlne
Five or more races each day.
Race. »tart at 2:15 p. m. «harp.
i i *&"*'*?■ w" ' M . v « s » n/«nclacon /«nclaco at 13 m. and
»i"?t .■ , '2 : J: ?° an<l 3 P- m - «onnecUnr
with train* atopplnie at the entrance to tS
track. La»t two cam on train reserved for I*
dle* anl their escorts; no smoklnc. buy your
ferry tlcketa to Shell Mound. All trains v,«
1 Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avtnu*
, electric cars at Seventh and Broadway" Oak*
Und. Al»o all trains via Alameda molt con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. Theae. electrlo
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes
Returning— Trains leave the track at 415 and
*'* i p^.?A. and Immediately after the last race
R » Mll.ftr»Y S«^-retary-
L 1 1 D 0 HOEf^LCH
T»l» r flo M
6HE£H 323.
1516
»AX FRANCISCO CAI.U
BCBXK&SB OFFICE of the Ban Fr«ac!i>«>
-all, corner cf Market and Third streete. open
jr.tll 1J o'clock every nlnht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICnS-f.:7 Montgomery atraet,
romer Clay; oi>en ur.tll 5:30 p. m.
TOO Haycn Ftn-et; oi»-n until J:SO p. m.
fji» McAIUMer urect; o;>€n until I M p. m.
CIS Larkln Ftreet; open until t:S3 p. m.
'HI Mirslcm stnxt; open until 10 p. m.
~CI Market *treet, corner Bixteenth; open
cr.tll S p. m.
If C Eleventh etreet; open until I p. m.
:fP6 Valencia rtreet; o;>en until • p. m.
I^3 lv;k street; open until » p. m.
Northwest corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
turky rtreeni; <)t> «.n until 9p. m.
curiicu si:itvicir<!.
I I At Tut STPANCtRS* Sabbath Home
f h (f<3) Howard T>t. Metholls.t-Eplscor«l
J* H Chinch Uft. 7i &;1 St». Seat* Fiee.
fj C R#v. Dr. John A.B. Wilson. Pastor
ili I VI Rfs- th * Church - Tel - DUck *"*•
yBATM HOUP
•
I& ji Sti Seati
P^v I>t John A H \V'!v r. Must.*
fen Tel. Black V<
"M i'TTi A I|||urt'"ou*sTeetine I Await y«
c*|l3 Til 11 a. m . "The Sustaining Power
» J3£< !•*■ cf a U:rnt PmPoWj offertory,
at!Efs fra . i>< r r>rnno tn| ° '»>■ M"-*M "-* Ma«ie i>.
«WWJU»fI whltinntnn. "Father. <> Hear IV
ISM, Pur.fiay ecliool. normal and lifter's
Illble class f.->r uranpers. I'M, O |v-n air meet-
:r.R. 6:SO, Epworth Leairue; \\. r..n l'eoj>le"s
rally. *:."0, nong nervice and sermun on the
r-Hrr -Hrl ot liJ 3 Ji t>r ot lJ " hour - After meeting.
;aLVART Pre>:bytertan Chiroh. cor. Powell
and tJean 1 *ts.. Key. John Homph.ll. D.D..
pastor— Services at 11 &. m. and 7:20 p. m.
Tcpic evcnlnc. 'The CSosliik Ceatnry and the
Coining Century Continued." Children may
be preiu<nt»<l for bapttrm at the beginning
cf the rooming service. Tfala church will
unite with the First Conirresatlcnal Church
Thanksgiving day. Pre»ldent lif-njamtn Ide
Whreler of Cejkeley pn'achlng the «nrmon.
Maf!c moj-nlng. anthem, "Preiwre ye the Way
of the Lord." <Jarrott: offertory. "In Heav-
enly Love Abiaiiitf." A. T. Holden; doiirano
raht and Quartet. Music evening, antJu-m,
"Gloria In Excelfls" tO. Bchnev - ker; offer-
tory. "Hark! Hark. My Soul!" C. U. Haw>y.
All are made welcome.
r IHST Prei.h> terian Church, corner Van Neas
aye. and Sacramento St.. Rev. Robert Mao-
Itenr'.e. 1>.1j., mtnUter— Services at 11 a. in.
and ":TA p. in. ty the pa*t(-r. Evening sub-
ject, '"Old M<-n and Young." Sunday t-chool
at 11:45 i>. in. V. P. &. C E. at CIS p. ra.
All are w< K-iime.
!OT\'AJtl> Prerfcyterian Church. Oak and
J'..--Vir ft«., Key. J. S. Tlumas. ;»iJ<tor— At
10:53 :i. m.. "The law of Promotion." At
7:C p. m.. "The Temple Cleared of Thieves."
Sunday school at U:U. «;Jiri?tian Endeavor
ineeilnir ut C:45 p. m. Wednoilay «venin<
prayer meitlng at 7:4:.. "Thing* 1 Am Thank-
ful For."
"IRST Congregstlonal Church, corner Post and
Mwon «».. Rev. iSeor^e C. Adams. D.D..
jiaMor— ll a. m. »eimuo by Rev. 1L F. Coyle,
i».l"i.. partor of Pint l're*t>>terijin Church.
Oaklana; ti.rn*.-. "Therefore. Ur«-thren Stand
Fai-t." 7:30 p. m.. the pastor *rtH prfitcn;
thrme, "How Much 1^ a Man Detter Than
v All are curdtiJly Inv'.ted.
SRACE M. E. tT.urch, corner of Capp and
Twenty-Jiret Ktn.-J. N. Heard. D. I>.,
parti r. I'reachlns at 11 a. m. by the pastor.
Ki.ib.l>-ct: "The Mocking and Raglrg i:n-
eniy." Fun.iay-m|jo..| at IS:C p. m. Ep-
wcrth :.^-.r :•• devotional m«>etinir at 6:SO
i>. m. Sjljj^t: "our Return* for the Lord's
Heneflts." 7:X.) p. m., preachirg by th«i
jiawor. Pubjc-ct: "The R^ck oi Christian
ih.ira<ter." All Jr.vltt-d. ?«-ats free.
IEVENTH I>ay Adver.tist Cbnrcb, ?14-?1« Ia- j
guni rt.. I>pi. McAlliKtor i«t. and Golden Gate
ttve., IClder J. «J. Cot linn, pastor— Service*.
Babbttb (SatorOay), hubb^th achooi at S:4j;
rn»a/!ilr.R t:t 11 o'clock. A »erles of dls-
o<iur»fB e\ory Sahliatb on church organiza-
tion. At 7:CJ tlil« evening the pastor will
fj'«»ik on tlve sutiject. "Who In O»r!«t?" A
ri rdlal Invitation extended to ail. Srats free. '
<" .rcrecatlcni»l singing.
FIKPT CT.un-h of Christ, Central
block, tZi Sutter st., between K>-amy and
<irai;t aye.. — Christian Sc'.-nce Bible lesson at
11 a. m.: subject. "G.-d the Only Cause and
• 'rentf-r." Sunday school for children at the
sawe hour. WeOnesaay cvnlng meeting at
k o'clock. All are welcomed.
WrST Side Christian Church. Bush st.. near
l>evifiid«-ro. — OwtßC to repairs that art- being
trade to the t-ulldlng there will b* no services
ftandajr. Nov. ;c. <»n Sunday. Dec. 3, regular
!M-r\lce« will l«- h«-i"l with preaching by the
n-w juistor. Ri-v. Walter 11. White of Mid-
way. Kentucky.
THE Flrn Ulvme Science Chun-h-M. E.
Cmirer. pastor. .Servi<-»-8 at 11 a. in.. "Union
Thar.Vsplvlns BefTtof.** Stnices In Yosemlte
Hall. Native KoU* building. Mason St.. bet.
• Orary anil P.-«»t; take elevator.
EVANGELIST A. E. ARRINGTON~wra preach
at Welcome Uu'A. il*:. Huwar<l nt.. Tills
(STNOAT) KVENTNO. Mr. Eir.Sch and Mrs.
Arrlngron will sit*; alk'« R. J. Parker of
IJoi-t^n will lecture on his Bible chart; due
ticlice will he giv«n ct the date. Jews. G»n-
tlles and Ctiristlana Invited to all meetings.
A SSOCIATIOX~AudItorTum. "Mason and EuTi
ets.— Mass rr,eet!::g to-day at 3 o'clock for
men only. Ai(irr%» by Chaplain W <J Isaacs
cf the CBtted States ship IVnsacola on "The
Man frr the Times." Seats rrt-e. and all
vising men invited to attend.
THE Theoscphlcal Sccletr— Public lecture to-
n;«tht. cc,rr.»r Seventh and Market sts. "The
'Ah -el nf Ueblrth," by a s\mposlura. Golden
«'ha!n Grrmp 11 a. m. Inquirers' meetlncH
. Tue«,<a>». S p. m.. ThursJayit. 2:30 p. m.
M ECTI >«,. S US I> A V.
A FREE lecture this eveninr. S o'clock, on
"How to Or u w a b«ul. or the Phllr*cuhy of
fioul Growth." !•>• l»r. J. D?j>ew K-r^ni (of
I.tb. IC. & X.'s EtocirtC Sanltarlura). Crj'stai
IU1!. Pjtliian CaMle, 9«> Market st.. followed
»y a visit to the Isle of Wight, the summer
li'-me of Queen Victoria, Tluse attending
this lecture may procure free Urkets to the
wonderful X-ray exhll>itlon at the Sanitar-
ium, corner cf Market and Masun sts., on
Tuesday evening next.
6OUL-CULTURE meeting. £21 Turk. Sun. and
Thur. 7:30 p m. ; free; H. 11. Brown, speaker;
psycnlc readiiigs dally 'mm 9 to ». SI . special
rt-adlngs M<n. and Tuea.. 2ic; lnstructlun ::•
r>er hour: free meeting for mental healing
Wed.. ir>:B9 a. m.: meeting in Oakland. Frt..
2 and t p. m.. free. t2l Thirteenth M.
BOOIETY tit Procressive Spiritualists^ Occl-
■ .-:.-..! Hall, corner I^arkln and McAllister
•tsj Fur.flay at 730 p. m. Speaker. Mrs. K.
b. L!Kle: subje'-t, Transition." LAdi«s' Aid
Bazaar December I and 9.
AT Dr. Rlnes' Spiritual Society. »* Market: 1L
free; 2-S, Mrs rVeley, Vlgers, Dr. R|n«s.
lorts: 3T5 McAllister St.. Wednesday. Novem-
her 25). i p. n.; test; collection.
JOHN FLATER— Grand seance to-right, llt
►harp, hail, S>'i9 Market St.; CMSsages and
questions *r.sw<rej; admission 10c
MOTHER SADIE wane* to-morrow, 12 o'clock-
to-nlgbt. Beanoe. I; Kks. 40» L*avecworth st.
ARNOLD & DICKSON. tests to all. irvc. J-i
p^m.; Prof. Oppenr.an; tlther. organ. 14S Cth.
KATIE HEUSSMANX'S to-nUht and Hon.Tve;
-}0Z % * Xr> tiX -- i{K - • :l - "^'J*- «»1 Jessie, off 7th.
KRERHARDTS Hall— Onvlnelnr to-night
We; skeptics Ir.vlteJ. 224 Twenty-second su
lirA UA STER7^^Ml^"M^YEllsrruiri7ten
meeting this and Mon. eve. 10c; future.
H MEM A RQinsn-Te-t circle to-nlghtTl; 10c.
KM Market rt.. corner Stockton, parlor 4.
MME. YOT.'NO'S convlnrtng test circle toT
night. COS McAllister; 10c; oome. skeptics.
EARLTC. »snre to-nlrht. 250 Ellis st.
MRS. AITKENS. 120 iter St.. flat 3 Test
medium; sittings dally.
Ml l.n\i.^-.|i,|,,r«8l llrolherhood.
TiroOAOPinCAL Society la America, Kl9 Mar-
ket ct -I^erture 10-nlght. "The Coming Revo-
lution." ».>• H. H. n,mers; International
l!njtherli',f,j Jjcajrue. Tuesday nigbt; subject.
• How to K.lii>-»i> ttiidrcn."
.•li:i:i I MOTH in.
UNITY U-agt No. ISL I O~oTf\ .^c;-*."
Klxtr-er.th and Vaiencla-IVjuMw
!nniat!.»n TVESDAT EVENING. ;^?<i'>3f
Nov. ZS. Visitors invited. <^/H^*
_, . " WILL J. FRENCH. X. O.
R. L. KlirrsON. l^c. S+c.
THE members cf the Frenco-.Vnitr- - M i, —
Itan Lodre of O. F. No. 2T »r*&Gh!3fcgr
:■ -1 .c. Tf i.;;y ll.vited to attend the
:uri»ral of tlielr lite br».the- - '^■tf'/ir.' 1 ?^
r]|AF!U;S RTUCKEY. on SUNDAY, at 10 a.
m.. at the MaKonlc Temple on I'osi <tie«t,
tteni-e to the Masonic Cemetery.
SAMUKL J. BRUN. Noble Grand.
FT. ANDREW'S So<-irty-sT AnT~^T~
dren's «luy will be ceiebrated byJJLIV.Y'f
a banquet i.t The Palace Hotel. yiT?«f
KRIDAY nVKNING. l>e«ember 1.
I.::-; tu'krtu r. «double); J3 (kingle); from
TJiL REID. NJ Market st.
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
PLASTERERS: '
There will b* a mertlnir of all the roatraet-
ir.r plasterers of Fan Francisco "held at 49
NVw Montgomery ■' TCIiHDAY EVENING
November 2S. It2S. at I o'clock. Business of
vital importance will come before this body
which will affect your Interests as a contrac-
tor of • Merlng. Please attend. By order
of THE COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL Meetlnr— Reirular annual meeting of
tbe Ktockhcldft-fi of i be Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will I* held at the office
cf tbe company. ST7 Market st.. In the city
and county of Ban Francisco, on SATUR-
DAY, the M day of I>ecember. ISS9. at the
hour cf 11 o'clock a m., for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on Wednes-
day. November 22. USP. st I o'clock p. m.
E. H. EIIELUON, Secretary.
MEETING NOTICES.
- '■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ ■ -■ — — "-~ ' ■ -r
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from W. H. gecombe In the Lan-
decker mine, near Placenille. El Dorado
County, to d»po*lt talllnns In a ravine tribu-
tary to Webber Creek; from Jos. J. Hoffman
at..l T. M. Urowne. In tha Parson mine, at
Bath. Placer County, to deposit tailings In
Volcano Canyon, and from Q. W. Coates
and E. S. Randall. In the Pebble Hill placer
mine, near Smiths Flat. El Dorado County,
to depoMt talllncs in Little Chunk Canyon.
gives notice that a meeting will be held at
room t.». Flood bulldlnp. Pan Francisco. Cal..
on I'».-e".t-r 4. 1*99. Nt 1:30 p. m.
ASTIIOLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Why remain In doubt? ZSc gives
truthful outline: coming year. PROF. WEL-
DON. box 164. Allegheny. Pa.
ATTOUNKVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron-
icle I'Uildlnj; no advance charge*; all CUM;
estates. nwrtcnen, damage*. collections,
banktruptcy. wills, <"■•■ drawn; moderate
!«*s; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty nt law. tf>o Market, cor. StocV.tn.
F. ft. MERZnACH. attorney-at-la\v. has re-
pumed ynu-tlce at KS CaL st.. Clunie bldK.
NOAH F. S"LOOn. 93S Market st.. opp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate '-■ «
L S. CLARK. Emma Sprockels building. 9:7
Market; consultation free; no fee* in advance.
ADVICE free: no chsrjre unless miccessful. W.
I W. DAVlpcoy. or: Market ft., opp. M>«on.
I IW< VCJ.K REPAIRS'
: THOK. H. B. VARN'EY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL 11ICYCLKS.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOAKD AM) ROOMS.
A COI'PLE can have a pleasant home In Oak-
land with excellent accommodations, In a
concenlal and strictly private family at very
reasonable r:itei«: new house; lx?uutlful loca-
tion, ltux 217. Call office.
EDDY. 13— l'nite.1 States Hotel: rooms II CO
week up. with board J. M; suite for two with
beard. 112; board. S4 week; meals, :.".c; ele-
vator runs all night
"HELGRAVIA HOTEL." Polk and Clay-Sun-
ny fultes; best board; for !. 545 up; flnge, JIO.
HAVES, C7l— Nic^lj* furnlfhed room for young
lady or young n:«n, with or without board; !
private family; txnna reasonable.
LARGE sunny alcove In a beautiful home; de-
slmMe turroundlrsp: only refined i<eoj)le de-
sired. Apply at 12S Oak Ft.
LAP PALMAK. IMO Market— Suite of t or I
rm*. ; private; bath; rln. ra«.; board optional.
, NEW family hotel; first-class in all appolnt-
m«nts; excellent table. *C 7 California St.. oc-
cupying corner opposite Grace Church.
O'FARItKLL. 742— I^arse sunny rr.T.t room*;
good bone cooking: also single rooms; J?0 up.
SPECIAL offer to teachers; new and select. SOi
California st.
: SVN'VY Fi:lte of rfxmis In a private boarding
hous<\ In the Western Addition; board and
•ervica unxld.; references. Uox IJOO. Call.
I ~
TWO newly furnifhe.l roonis, with h>^ar3 In |
reflned home: suitable for young men or •
t women employed all <Iny: u^e of parlor and !
piano; references. Cox 13sS. Cnll office.
UNION, i:ss— A sunny furnished front room by
rri\.< family, with cr without board.
flflO.coo to Jnan on diamonds. watches.sl!ver. seal-
i«kln«. ptanoa. iruns. l'nc> Harris. 1"> Grant ay.
lIOAIIU AM) ROOMS WAXTBD.
j WANTED by mother and daughtei — Sunny un-
furnished rcrms for houyekeepiiig or room
and bo*rd In a refli family- reierenoes.
AddrTs bjx •" <':ill offlor.
UOAJIDIXU KOIt < UIL.DRBN.
REFINED private family having an elegant
I country seat. In healthiest part of Alameda
' Ccvrty, would llkf to Iniard one child. 2to 5
yep-rs: roasor.ahl-; muther"s care. l:ox 10C«7,
| _Call Dee. Oakland.
I WANTELV-a child to b»ard; also to teach If
# desired; best of refereixcs given. Call or ad-
<lretf MRS. A. N. COTTLE. 7CS Sixteenth st..
Oakland. Cal.
■ WTDOW. has a nioi? home, war.ts a small child
i to board: g"ood home; best care. 3CS Fell st.
i WANTED— Two children to board over i years
old; large yard. 9198 Folsom st.
CHILDREN to board with mother's care. $:
\,»r week. ICC! Pierce st.
; WANTED, to board by private family In cot-
t.ice V..mc. children cr adults. SM3 Army st.
BOOKS — m \\ AM) OLD.
; SCHOOL BOOKS botjsjht and eTchanT-dT
Hnl-.-if< V.?rk Co.. 7C4 Mtss'on st.. near Third.
800 I A> .. bIiOES.
BARGAINS In shoes'.! Send for price list.
Kf rclal— Beys' heavy lace shoes, 11 to 2... 75 c !
Special— Men's regular X shi~-«. all styles. a
P»-ople's Shoe Stcre. ICO3 Stockton, nr! Brdwy.
BOOTS and shoes made to order from lst-class
material, 16 to !■ repairing cheap. H. SAL- |
XINKX. 441 BuKh St.. formerly with McNulty. |
BUSINESS « bak«
130^-REPTAURANT and cafe. In centrally~l»l
1 cated hotel; rent tuk»-n out In board.
JlSoO— French liquor saloon for saje; average
j rvcelpts JIJ psr day; chance seldom offered.
I Partner wanted in an established newspaper;
! a live and ent-rgetlc man can niak% a good liv-
i ing.
I!.'/V— '■•.." ■.-••■-ft for sale In a well-known
| raurase manufactory; good man can make
! money.
Transient house for sale; centrally lo-
cated and tolas a nee business; a money-
{ maker.
j Full particulars from J. E. SLINKKT & CO..
] E7S_Market st.
! ALFA CO. will exchange, buy or «ell your
business or property; quick. 933 Market st.
; RESTAURANT for sale; g-ond location: good
I _trade; bargain for price. ALFA CO 835 Mkt.
i FIRST-CI^ASS saloon in first -class location for
sale. ALFA CO.. 935 Market st.
HOTEL to exchange, sell or lease cheap; DO
; furnished rooms. ALFA CO.. 935 Market »t.
! STEWARD wasted to manage -class res-
j taurant. small capital. ALFA CO.. 935 MkL
I PARTNER wanted In saloon; small capital;
i investigation given: large trade. ALFA CO
I •Si Market st.
' JCO"«— GHOCERY and bar and lodging-house
McLAUGHLIX A CO.. 777'fr Market st.
I ttO— FRI.'IT store with horse and wagon Mc-
_LAUGHLIN » CO.. 777H Market st.
A— J?ts: FRUIT and vegetable store, with three
furnished rooms, on Polk st. rent $14: great
barren if sold to-<lay. R. O. WILKE. 906
Market ct.
! GENERAL store; groceries, hardware.
etc.. across the hay; ■■■• 10 years; will In-
voice; gooi legitimate proposition; also lot
DxlM feet, with buiidinir and residence; price
for realty 14500. or would entertain a propo-
sition for Income property In exchange for
whole. National Investment Co.. 927 Market.
CANDY, laundry and stationery store; bar-
paln. COWING & CO.. ft& Market st.
BCOK and stationery store on Market: fine
business; bargain. COWING •.■. ■ CO.. 995 ICrkt.
MONEY making proposition to man thorough-
ly lusted In details of fraternal work and
who can command some capital: must take
active t.nrt m management. Address box
BUW, Call office.
troOO CAN be made within 15 days by my profit-
able plan of speculation In Wall ft Write
for Information Immediately to THOMPSON
A CO.. Bankers, to BraUway. Xew York.
SALOON on Market st.: old e*t«oll«bed trade;
w'll stocked: elegant solid oak bar fixtures;
French plate mirrors; cash register; sell at
I sacrifice: owner slik Box 1E97. Call office.
$X.A— LADY wants partner; office business; es-
tablished five yearns; Investigate. Address B
Call office. San loss. Cat
FOR sale— One of the best shoe repairing shops
In Oakland: reason for selling. 111-health 207
Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
PARTNER In a German news and book agency
with collecting on the coast. J. lIUSCHLEr!
13: c Alabama st.
FOR sale— First-class concert hall: a bargain.
Apply :% O'Farrell st.. after 2 p. m.
LAUNDRY route: paying JM weelTTa bargain
If sold by Ist. Box 1400. Call office.
FOR sale— Good fruit stand; 3 living rooms-
cheap. Apply ISO Eighth st. -T™'
A DINING-ROOM for rentT furnished, at The
Norwood. Cll Taylor M.
|«Ufr-LOT lNxroO; corner San Le.ndro road
and Rose *t near Frultvale; on electric car
'! ' : new building; " living rooms; large
store and saloon; elegant grounds: stable and
warehouse: » rustic outhouses; finest road-
tide resort In Alameda County: selling on
ZZT An'r kn^ $: ■•' ■• *"£ i*SSE\£
JA?vryr PP B y tO . •*«•«• «n Premises, c.
« N T « Ban Leandro read. al;o Call
Sl^dcS? : t5 " x^"«™ electric car
B^ON and restaurant for sale. 724 Front
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAT.L, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1899.
IlLSlM'ss CHANCES— Continued.
IF you want to buy or sell a grocery, cigar
store, branch bakery. stationery, saloon or
business of any kind call on ASSOCIATED
HEAL. ESTATE AND RENTING CO.. 422
Parent building.
DELICACY store for sale cheap: October re-
ceipt* $1025; low rent; established 8 years; 200
regular customers; ar.y man or woman can
run it; full Investigation requested. M.
GRIFFIN, agent. 711 Market si.
FOR sale— baker wagon with good horse and
route, with Mi private customers. 350 Dun-
can st., bet Twenty-seventh and Twenty-
flKhth, near Banche*.
ACTIVE man to take retiring partner's place;
unall capital; office business; DO night «>r
Sunday work; experience unnecessary. 835
Market »t.. room A.
: FOR — Chicken ranch; cow. horse and wa-
Kon; good 6-room house. J. W. SWAIN, l'l-
mt>nd P. 0., or Lincoln are., balf a nolle, from
Hermitage. Frultvaie.
BUSINESS and residence, property In town;
Alameda County; good buildings, large lot;
price 12000. 11. 11. CRANK. 410 Montgomery.
DRY goods, notions, stationary; good place for
dressmaker, i room*; rent low; bargain. Ad- ,
dress box 1365. Call office.
A— STORE, n-ar Alcaznr Theater; best loca-
tion In town; 121 O'Farrell fct. Apply 15 I
Grant aye. |
WANTED — Partner In print business; a
Bi>od opportunity. 344 McAllister st. I
FOR sale — Grocery and produce business; good ,
location. Ailiiress Owner, box 1370. Call office.
CHEAT— Hairy and delicacy More; Rood trade;
living-room; cheap rent. Inquire 1103 Folsom.
RAKE chance; J.1.--D will buy an established
delicatessen and home cooking business; must
bfll on account of departure But: location.
good; store and 1 1 v i i ... rooms; rent cheap;
investigate. Address box 13CL Call office.
WANTKI ■ Bright, Intelligent man. used to
commercial and office business: open to In-
vestigation; must have $l(X>o cash; no trlflers '
need r»"ply. Box 12:.'i. Call office.
|230— FOR pale — Confectionery and Ice cream
purl"!-, new Improvements; a hnrsain. call '
203 Second st. 11. JACKSON, proprietor.
GOOD paying corner grocery and bar; fn»sh
stix-k; fine location: Western Addition; goi>d
reasons for yelling; no agents. Box 1260. Call.
FOR sale— Saloon; dissolution of partnership
the cause: a good bargain 1202 Mission st.
TO let— butter and egg. or creamery stall. In
Grand Western Market, cor. Polk an.l Austin
sts. Inquire at stalls 1 and 2. 1.112 IMIk st.
BUTTER and eye, or creamery stall. In Grand
Western Market. Inquire ut stall 1. 1312 Polk.
FOR sale— Saloon; wholesale district: retiring 1
from business. Address box 1345. Call office.
BALOON for sale; best bargain In town If sold
at once. 431 Bush st.
WANTED— Bakery with gool store trade; city
or country. Address C. MOTZER, Klmhurat
P. 0., Alameda County. Cal.
SALOON— MuM rell on account leaving town ;
Kood bargain; (£0 Third St.. near Townsend; j
near S. P. R. It. station.
FOR -ile. cheap; one-half Interest In ? Al good
paying butcher ■hop*, or the whele of either
one. Address \\\. 2M)3 Clay st.
DENTIST wants to buy a half Interest or the
whole of a well-established practice, or will
I accept poatttoo In a tint-class office. Address
j box IJS2, '■all office.
! BARB Fhop for sale; snap for right man.
Inquire at 131 Third Ft., barber shop. j
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar at Invoice: two-
talrda rash; balance on time. Box 202. Call.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor stor*; established
25 years ago; home, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401
Powell «t.
l PRIVATE house: 15 room' : 10 regular boarders;
! north of Market. Box 247. Call office.
' COFFEE and tea rout's supplied from GEO.
! W. CABWELL A- C 0.'8.« 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
■Übsciiptlona has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky M«. Open till ? p. m.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
FUb*< rli'tlons has been established at lON Va-
lencia st.
CARRIAGES A.VU WAGOXS.
I FINE top buKK>'. «.lmoi-t new; business bu^gy,
' n»w: business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. S"S Hnrrlson St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. KG AN A- SON. 2117 Mission st.
I ifX" SETS secord-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bumciea, surreys and horses, 1141 Folsom st.
CARPBT 111. \ll\i; AM) II.KA.M.VG.
I WHEN you become dlrgusted with poor work
send to BPAUIiDIN Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. C,3-517 Tehama St.: tel. 8. 40.
SANITARY Cleaning Co. for health and square
dealing. 342 McAllister St.; tel. South 146.
-
CITY Steam Carpet-beatinc Works. G. H.
STEVENS. m ■ r.. 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. McQfKE.VS California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stev«-n*on St.: tel South 225: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 102 gutter at.;
tel. Main 3H. GEO. WAI/7OM. Proprietor.
I CARPETS cleaned at 3.- pel yard; laid at Sc.
j STRATTOX'P. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
j J. E. HELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 243 14th
»t.: cleaning;, 3c Der yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East Hi.
A WEKK'S news for t rents— The Weekly Call.
X par*s. In wrapper, for mailing, tl per rear.
— —^— -^^—^^—^—
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTK'A cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound I'aste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for roißon oak. BAMtTEL SEYMOUR,
Arent. Office ar.d factory, 21 Si» ar st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM) SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium, may b« con-
sulted en all affairs of life. While entntncevl
the reveals every hidden mystery; »he will
show you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affections;
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; tend ttamp for circular
with special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
20T. Turk St., near Jones. Home Bun and eves.
ATTENTION— ConsuIt the greatest living clair-
voyant, palmist and medium. Mru. Dr. Saylor;
thousands have been benefited by Ivr Invalu-
able advice and thousnnd« of her predictions
have been verified ; full names and Informa-
tion Riven while in trance; ladles. 2>; gents,
ot-o; mall. Si; send stamp for circular. ijii'«
Market st., opposite Van Ness aye.
HUE LEBUS. the only true destiny reader,
brings separated lovers together, brings bap-
piness to married couples, gives advice con-
cerning boalneM matters, locates stolon prop-
erty; ladles, 2jc; gentlemen, 500. CIO Turk st.
REMOVED MRS. J J. WHITNEY. 1104 M Hr
ktt tl.. cor. Turk: medium, life reader, med-
ical clairvoyant: sittings dally; dlagn ti free;
•'new method " treatment for chronic, private,
obscure dis<*ases; send stamp for circular.
: MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St., room 7. second floor.
BERSCH— Gives lessons In Napoleon cards; also
secrets from the book of gypsies; price- rea-
sonable; work guaranteed. 245 Fourth st.
MRS. ALLIE S. LIVINGSTON, artist; trance
te«t sittings dally; hours 1 to 9. St. Ann's
building, 6 Eddy St., parlors 76 and 77.
WATSON, pnlmlst and clairvoyant; advlc»;
business and private: JZZr.: mall 60c: hour* 9
to 9. 1509 Valencia st.. S. F.
— . i
MME. MOREAU the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS. DTI PREE. card reading; questions an-
swered by mail: advice given. 28 7th. room 8.
ARNOLD & Dlckson; tests to all 10c: 3. 8 p.m. •
sittings Doc; card reading 25c. 148 6th. r. 1, i!
SIXTH. ICB— Napoleon card reader and irmn-
thy healer: first floor, room I.
CARD reading: new method; can't be beat*
price ?sc; all day an! evenings. 400 Grove at!
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, g^c; truth or no pay. ll«t Mission.
MME BHAKFER clairvoyant, card reader ;
sittings dally. 21»H Sixth st. reaoer.
BOWARD EARLB. independent slatewrlter.
SjO Kills st.; circle Sun, and Wed, evenings!
V.Mi: HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader"-
pant, present. futur». ?tc. 148 Sixth Ht.. r 11
MME ZEREDA-Gypsy life reader: witisfac-
tlon guaranteed: correct answers; 25c. i 7th st.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; !> up. 6 Fourth st
D H-. En , WArD FISCHER; professional hypno:
tltt; diseases cured without medicine, 142 6th.
Tr.fß future told by cards, 25c 102^ Sixth si
10 a. m. to 8 p. m. '
MMSSYniLLE— Cradle to grave; future hus-
band s r-icture. 2r.c; lnd' — . ->U O'Farrell st.
>j CLINIC. "~~
CATn^mNTT'Medicar C^lle^rT^«rF^rn7
■ r-.- medical and surg. treatment: » tr» 1? m.
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES.
GEORGIfw. KELLTTS Agency: "no"charge un-
_>is succesgfjl. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES WANTED. '
IN a nice location; cottage of 6 rooms In Oak-
land with a view to buying. Box 12M, Call.
I CALL ADVERTISEMENTS PAY. 1
6 Fallon, Oct. 19th, 1899. X
|8 A. M. Speck & Co. , San Francisco. §
8 Gentlemen: If you will kindly furnish %
6 me with particulars as to title, etc, on \
% property advertised in The Call Tuesday, §
16 Oct. 17th, 3899, advertised as follows: ' $
18 $10,500— New flats; very fine; rents $i
6 $95. |
jo Also, i 8
J6 $7500— Three grand new flats; rents \
o $80; near Powell and Bush; all rented. |?
% I will investigate and make you a cash %
§ offer for the same. ?
8 I am prepared to make a cash offer on (
|8 any No. 1 investment up to $20,000. 9
|6 Awaiting a reply to the two above- X
$ named ads. I remain, respectfully yours, 5
8 E. J. CALLAN. ' £
8 Address Fallon, Marin Co. , Cal. $
151 5 tt* A. M. Speck & Co. Jtltp^, sW 3:l|
6, tll»i.r^HEo IBM. 9
g;J 667 MARKET STREET. Hearst Building 6
6 RC/5L tST/TTE Movie Proktr* and Pent Cotlortor* g
2; CXCK/tNQZS ■ Foil Ch « r •* Pn»p.rtr T«k«a A
6; INSVJRfIJKC »2 LC.<K3 "■» AbMnt Own««. ; 0
g:| ;■ X
0; cs«\ Fiasco, Qaf. g.
1 . Nov. 21st, 1899. 'i
:|j The San Francisco Call. 8
ix|i Gentlemen: We take pleasure in an- |8j
$: nouncing that as a direct result of an <
advertisement in your columns of the 17th <
x of October, 1899, we procured a purchaser ;?
xi in the person of Mr. E. J. Callan for a g
x: piece of real property in the sum of ?
| $15,000. |
il We consider that The Call has much '\
£ value as an advertising medium, both in i?
X procuring direct results and in the :?
X reaching of a class of readers that are igj
2 substantial buyers. Yours respectfully, :?
| ' ' J^- I
8; — \
COTTAGKS TO LET.
CALIFORNIA. 2913— Cottage. 5 rooms; bath.
■ . • ■; bath,
lutkc jard and basement; rent low.
3REEN. 4!" Four rooms and ' « merit: I*.
SEVENTEENTH. 1847— 1 DO; cottage. 6 rooms
and hath; newly palmed mi. I papered; patent
mantels; all modern Improvements; sun all
day; cars one block; key nest door.
HO— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free. 107 Oolllca st.. near Geary.
(13 CO— TO let: Sunny cottage: 4 rooms, closets.
etc. Call at 2<:6 Fult< st.. Golden Gats Park.
$15 — COTTAGE. I large rooms; furnished for
housekeeping; bath, garden, chicken house,
etc. 30 Dearborn fit., near Valencia.
~ DENTISTS.
A-DR. T. S. HIUGINS' dental parlor*, 927
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extra-t-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, pas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the, best and most artistic
'rtental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from }l up; other linings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated mid
filled or crowned without pain: plates that lit
from {4 li> up; flesh colored plnt<-s from is 50
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
a NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry—
Synol, on application to the cum), removes
the pain; «•••• our ll^sh-colored plates; thinner
•nd stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
jeans; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full wt, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL, CLINIC. IN Mar-
ket Bt., cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bide, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without platen our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. MM up; of-
fice hours, > a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, » to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell Ft., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $1;
rubber or flexible plates. $3: received 8 first
prizes ; no students; guaranteed 12 year?.
VAN VROOM-Palnle?s extraction by electrlcl-
ty; tcuarantee m yean; lowtrt prices; It) op-
erators; no Ktudents. 997 Market st.
D lt. LUDUM HILL. 1443 Market m.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
fpeclalty; all work reasonable: gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Push:
full set of teeth. 34; crowns. 5.". NlHr.tis. 25c.
MEYER— Deutscher Zahnantt, « Turk: is: in
work; prices reas. ; gas; crown & bridge work.
SET of teeth without plate. DX. H. O.
YOUNO. i.i4i Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.: 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. v 0v 0 Market.
LOWEST prices in 8. F. : work warranted 10
year*. N. Y. Dentists. 567 Mission, cor. 6th.
I. >-»-.! vim Its AND BBAJCBTILKSIIKfI
McDOWELL Dressmaking School given a prac-
tical couree; pat. cut; positions free. 103 Post.
S. K. l>r«-MiniakinK. .. id'.»-s - Tailoring parlors;
French taltnrlr.r Fystem taught. 805 Van Ness.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking. 121 Pont.QYer O'Connor * Mnffatt.
i:i»i t a tio.maL'.
SPANISH School "Miguel Cer\'antes."
Classes for adults every'cvenlnu, except Pat-
urday and Sunday, from 7:30 to 9 o"clock;
price X 2 per month. Apply to tli" secretary of
the school. Supreme Court building, Larkln
and McAllister Bts.. during these hours.
Private lessons given during the day. Apply
from 10 to ■ a. m. and 2 to 4 p. m. Any person
who wishes to learn the pure Spanish from a
native Castlllan cannot afford to miss this
opportunity. Visitors ore always welcome.
A. P. ALVAREZ*.
m Director.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. B. F.;
Dractlcal courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, language*, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neerlng. etc.: new 80-page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
ti ft- more pupils: Ksrons personally and by
mall. :<O2 Montgomery fit.
AVkKS Boslneai College. 723 Market st. con-
ducted jxr^onally by Mr. and Mrs. Ayres;
life scholarship UP. Includes all branches.
ALL itudentl but two taking full course
this year cot positions. BAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 123G Market st.
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
nech.. survey, a>-Kay, archi. ; day and even.;
en. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
BOXING, physical culture taught by a com-
petent professor at pupil's residence. In class
or privately. Box 1291, Call of flee.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught:
prlv.orclass. Barker's Academy.927 Mission at.
HALLETTB School and Theatrical Exchange
moved to Lyceum Theater. 310 O'Farrell St.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; moat
practical method. 1234 Bush st.
LAW »chool«. 527 Market. P. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night: correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 205 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
START right and the end Is tn sight. PROF.
MKRKI. violin, mand.. guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Misslon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEOM Employment oTflce^Japaneae. Chi-
nese. 42t> Powell, near Sutter: tel Black UZI.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
tree, 535 Clay st.; phone 1 'avis 821.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
; Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 19S«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
tx-st help. 4144 OFarrell st.; tel. East 426.
3A £i AS %Vk CXIS?C XlS? a £ Kmp.Agency; all kinds
' h"!p. '.!..> HAM, 30 liMn St . tel. Grant 36.
- — — — — — ■
KM V.M EXT WAXTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS German~cook desires a sltua^
tlon: also tlrst-i-lass Swedish cook; best refer-
ences; city or country. MISS H. CULLINAN
323 Sutter st.; phone Main 621. • '
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid and waitress de-
Hies situation; hotel or boarding-house; best
city ref. MISS 11. CULLINAN. m Sutter n.
FIRST-CLASS lady cook wishes situation In
■•■ d family; steady place. liV.t-, Third st.
ruom 6.
LADY, with 12 years' experience, would like
position as saleslady In millinery, la. ■ hosi-
ery or handkerchief dept.; beat references
Box_l2lB. Call office.
REFINED lady, who thoroughly understands
the business, would like to take charge of
nice rooming house or hotel; ref. exchanged.
Box 1217. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Herman woman, lately ar-
rived. Is a good cook and housekeeper; like
position In small family. Address 1" 31 Fill-
more st.
DRESSMAKER from New York will make
suits for M; one price; high grade work and
perfect fit. 220 Eddy st., next Alhambra.
WOMAN will cook three meals dally for I
week, with kitchen work; then accept what
wages you see fit to pay. Box 1332. Call.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day washing*
or Ironing; II 20 a day. 314 Dorland st.
EDUCATED reliable woman wants position;
Useful companion; good housekeeper; care In-
valid; would help dressmaker; good sewer;
moderate ■alary, Box 1359. Call office.
TRAINED nurse Is desirous of day nursing.
For further particulars address B. Call
branch I til ft, 1223 Polk st.
AMERICAN widow want- situation as working
housekeeper; pood cook: city or country.
Address box 1214. Call office.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. S2l Mission st., room 1.
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman;
general housework and cooking; city or coun-
try. 474 Jessie st.
LADY, well qualified for the work, de«tres
rare of Invalid, child or e<lult; at home or
abroad. Address box 1333. Call office.
YOI'NG lady musician wishes a position In a
refined family to give dally piano Instruction
for board and room as compensation. Box
I.TS4, Call office.
WANTED— Situation to take care of Invalid or
elderly lady. 2738 Twenty-second st.
REFINED young German woman, with a child,
wants a position as housekeeper; no objec-
tion to children. Address box 318, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an American woman
to do general work In small family: Is good
cook: city or country. CSI Pine st.
GIRL with good education wishes position as
lady's maid: ' understands fine dressmaking;
experienced in traveling; can speak Spanish.
Address 217 California st. South, nr. 4th aye.
DRESSMAKER and ladles' tailoring; experi-
enced; especially adapted for sewing In fam-
ilies: cutting and fitting; wishes more engage-
ments; $1 00 per day; city references. Call or
address 1119 Mission st.
YOUNG lady stenographer and typewriter will
work for small salary for experience. Box
13S1. Call office.
EMPLOYMENT by woman; light housework or
sewing; whole or part of day. Box 1251. Call. |
COMPETENT American wishes position with
American family of 2 or 3 adults: nice cook;
good references; $15 to $20 mo.: young people
preferred. E. 1* . M Golden Gate aye,
A COMPETENT dressmaker would like a few
more engagements by the day. Address 3C79
Eighteenth St.; tel. Blue Uj
a GOOD seamstress wishes to learn vestmak-
lng; no wages expected while learning. Box
12C5. Call. :.
GERMAN nurse wishes position to care for In-
fant: best of doctors' references; country pre-
ferred. Address W. C. V., 12i9 OFarrell st.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
washing, house cleaning, cooking; neat
worker. 49 Ivy aye.
WANTED— Position as ladles' maid and seam-
«tres«; references: wages $2S to 135; no objec-
tions to traveling. Address 1 week. MISS AN-
ME BROWN. Oakland General Delivery.
A NEAT girl desires a nice steady place: 115 to
V,\ a , mo tn; no Postals. Please call room 6.
»20 Broadway. Oakland.
YOUNG woman wishes general housework and
plain cooking In small family; adults; wages
115. Address L.. Call branch office. 1223 Polk.
POSITION wanted in clerical capacity by
young lady for office or counting room or doo-
tor. assistant: having knowledge of surgery
and the practice of medicine; good business
Xh^nawJ^f*"*. 1 *. 112 not »* ra|<l of wSrk;
rush answer before it Is too late. Box 1223.
I.MI'I.OYI EXT WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED —By competent, reliable woman,
situation as cook or housework In small fam-
[ ily of adults; best of reference*. 2^23 Pine st.
ELDERLY German woman, competent to do
kitchen and housework, strong and active,
wishes place as cook In respectable family or
Institution; no objection to housework; Ger-
man preferred; wages 120 to 123 month. Ad-
dress box 372. Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED mm would like employment
by the hour, day or week; reference given.
ZJB Oak st.
A WOMAN of 35, five years private secretary to
Engineer Officer, U. S. army, and for past
five to college president, desires position as
private secretary, or as companion to refined,
cultured woman; only first-class position will
be considered; trip abroad especially desired.
A(^dr^•^s MISS EVANS, 1622 West Eleventh
St.. Los Angeles. Cal.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes position as
housekeeper In small family; widower pre-
ferred. Address 1142 Howard St.. room 3.
REFINED Oerman young lady desires position
as housekeeper or companion. Address MISS
E. MEYER, general delivery. Oakland. Cal.
wanted, by a young woman, work by the
cay. Address E. It.. 2CB Drumm st.
COMPETENT Protestant girl wishes situation
to do eecond work in American family. Call
at Y. W. C. A.. 1231 O'Farrell st.. Friday un-
til 2 o'clock and all day Saturday.
RESPECTABLE Oermai lady wishes a position
as housekeeper. Box 1351. Call office^
HOO.roo TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal-
_ skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
COMPETENT woman with child 2 years old
wishes a position as housekeeper in city or •
short distance In country; references. Call
1520 Fifteenth st.
EXPERIENCED housekeeper wishes position;
is economical, guaranteed to suit boss and
employes; references. L. DAVIS, 4 Val'ejo
plac*.
BOOKKEEPING, shorthand, typewriting, Eng-
lish branches. 17294 Mission St.; lessons
glv»n In return for Latin, sewing or meals.
WINCHESTER House 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 20c to II M night; II M to It
week; convenient and respectable; free. bus
and baggage \o and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 1200 FUlmore st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCIT o.'flce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office fcr Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109« Va-
lerctß st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
SITUATION In private family or as JanltorT
Box 12CS. Call office.
BY a male nurse, graduate of Bellevue Hos-
F? - ».\» ln rrlvate family or Institution. NEW-
<-O.MB. noa Van Ness ay».
FIRST-CLASS coppersmith and chandelier
maker wants a steady position In city or
country; best of references. Box 1333. Call.
SOBER, trustworthy man wants place to make
beds or take care of respectable lodging
house; wages moderate. Box 13t>4, Call.
FIREMAN, young man. wants situation; able
to run engine and small electric plant and
work lathe. Address box 1357. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes to learn the saloon busl-
ness; can furnish references. Box 1375. Call.
EXPERIENCED man wants position as bed-
maker or clerk in hotel or lodglng-housa;
state particulars. Box 1210. Call office.
COMPETENT chef and second cook; hotel or
Institution; city or country; sober and reli-
able. Box 1222, Call office.
USEFUL man (elderly) wants work; under-
stands care of horses, cow, garden, chickens;
good plain cook; small wages. Address box
1220, Call office. t
EXPERIENCED^ bookkeeper, bill clerk or
stenographer desires position; Al references
Box 1223, Call office.
CARPENTER (stranger) would like employ-
ment where an American is wanted, do not
care where, for fair wages. Box 1219, Call.
COACHMAN— Competent man. thoroughly un- :
derstands his business In .-ill branches, de-
Flrea a permanent situation; as to qualifica-
tion Al references. Address C. S., 1U22 Jack-
son ►t.
SITUATION wanted ry single, middle-aged
man on private place or small ranch: can
drive and care for horses and cows, garden-
In*, general farmwork. Address box 1344.
Call office.
ENGINEER Stationary, machinist, electric or
refrigerating machinery; member N. A. S.
E. ; references; city or country. Box tit, • "aIL
MAN and wife (German), no children, wish
situations on gentleman's place or ranch; man
to take cure of horses an 1 stock; wife Is good
cook; good references. Add. E.. 745 Howard.
ATTENDANT, trained nurse and masseur, with
special experience In chronic, mental and
nervous diseases, wishes position; reference*
Address Masseur, box ~i6. Call office. Oakl'dl
RELIABLE man wants position as collector,
etc.: would work for low wages; can £lye
good recommendation and bonds. Box 237
Call office. Oakland.
CARPENTER want* work: repairing old work
a specialty; by day or Job. Address Carpen-
ter. 303 Third St.. room 12.
STEADY man Wai work; Is partly employed:
chores about house; generally useful; handy
at anything: references; wages small Ad-
I dress box I -.7 Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS machinist and toolmak«r
wants steady position; best city references
Box 1364. Call office.
YOUNG man. experienced driver, wishes posl-
tlon to drive delivery wagon; knows the city
truly; will take other kind of work: best of
references. Address E. C. 400 Capp st.
SITU ATI* i.V wanted by a younic German clerk
23 years; speaks and writes German 1 . French
and Spanish; experienced salesman In Europe
Mexico and China. Box 1375. Call office.
YOUNG American wants a situation In a pri-
vate family to take care of horses and make
himself generally useful. Address W. A. F
207 Montgomery aye. *
COOK, first-class short order, steady, with ref-
erences, wants position In restaurant as day
or night cook; wages moderate. 2114 Polk at.
HAVE had 12 Of Ii years' experience In retail
cigar business: would like a position; can
give best of Eastern reference. Box U65, Call.
JAPAN boy wants a situation aa school-
boy. HENRY S. X.. 626 OFiirrell st.
A SITUATION as compositor In French and
English; references. Box 13C3. Call office.
1100.000 TO loan on diamonds, watchea.sllver seal-
■king, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
A GOOD cook (German) wants position. GUS
VEXXER. 317 Minna st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and correspond-
ent. with knowledge of German, desires po-
sltlon: full or partial time. Address box libo
Call office.
SOBER and Industrious horseman, thoroughly"
competent, desires position In private sta-
bles; best of references. Address L) M 8.
2SI Minna st.. room 10.
MAN and wife wish positions on ranch: man
aa working foreman; wife as cook and house-
keeper. Box 1&5. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to da general work around place:
city M country; reference. Box 1312. Call. '
AMERICAN farmer and wife want situations
on ranch or cooks In camps. Call or address
IX. 3tX» Eddy st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of advar-
tts^ments and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk at. open until » p. m.
RELIABLE boy wishes situation in press, hard-
ware or drugstore; can read and write Ger-
st an OakUnd CUBh: *** 15 >ear *" lOli Thlrti ' >
ENGINEER of long experience on stationary
engines and erecting pump plants wants peti-
tion; first-class references. Address B. 3
Engineer. Martinez. , M i. "' a-a -'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor" at.
T ?o U hP man ww \ nt " WOl * round a stable; used
to horses; good groom and harness cleaner-
city preferred. Address L. 8.. 523 Vallejo at."
W vJ,«iZf OOInl <le<l MD bookkeeper, with
knowledge of languages, wishes position"
good correspondent. Box 1331. Call office _
ss w a co o r p7n r f. ff n T ,T t m: iccood * nd K^
A . v B WrN^'"!! M l or CaU advertisements »nd
lenVla ft D * tlabllsh^ at IMI Va-
BXPEHT OPTICIANS.
EXCHANGE.
Q S°S.^aBs,. u SBfttJS3s!'^!i.3f t -
_^^ TLATS TO LET.
fcig > s±a,T'. t .jg' * m ■»">•
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat: mod«ra
Iraprovemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
ELEGANT flat; < rooms and bath; all latest
Improvements. 713 Grove st.
ELEGANT upper »-room sunny flat: yard. por-
celain bath; rent reasonable. 40<nA 17th et.
FLATS. 4 and ; rooms each; rents 114 and
114 50. I and I Dearborn st.. off Seventeenth,
near Valencia.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELU
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of I rooms and large yard to let. MM
Mission st.. corner Bond; rent IS.
FLAT of 4 rooms: rent U. Hi Thirteenth st.
FLAT. 6 rooms, yard. 114: also cottaxe. 4
rooms. 110. Key «M Second st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. Cl Hermans st..
corner of Stevenson.
FLAT of ( rooms and bath. Northwest corner
of Eighth and Natoma sts.
GEARY. 222*-Flat. 5 good rooms, bath; sunny;
rent moderate.
HARRISON. 1170 Sunny upper flat of 4 rooms;
r»nt reduced from 110 to 13.
11 0 W A R D. 2725-^Flve rooms, well furnished;
_ pUno and bath; reasonable rent. Apply 4 to I
LOWER flat. 7 rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements. 11- Bush st.
LOWER ••■.• of 3 rooms at 1310 Larkln si.
Apply I3IS Larkln st.
M , r . A i[: MS T r ' U ' "»-t'Prer flat. 7 rooms, with
_»Utnt anu nun; reasonable to good tenant.
MISSION. 1511— upper ard~io"wer flats; S larg*
sunny ruom*. bath, yard; laundry; rent lIS.
MISSION. 2M.v-Upp<-r b-ty window Cat t room*;
modern; rent low.
PH \ UC F', lr '*' near -11 -Sunny uppe*
flat of 3 rooms; bath; rent 110.
SHIPLEY. 257. near Sixth-FUt 5 rooms, bath.
gas; hunny yard; 112 10.
SIXTH. C3GA— S rooms, bath: larg* yard; front
and rear entrances; rent 112; water free.
SUNNY bay window flats. 7 wcnii and , kitch-
ens each: first and second floors. 417H Third.
BUNNY flat. 4 rooms; good condition; large.
baseme.it. 110 Perry st.; 110.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3311-MIS. nr. Valencia.— Tw«
flats; 3 rooms and bath each.
VALENCIA. 10C4- Flat of E rooms and bath.
r. v. :> painted and pap»r»d.
16 M AND 13— Rcdured: 2 flats. 4 rooms cacht
1123 Vallejo St.. near . -nworth.
7 SUNNY rooms; bay-window modern flat 17U
Polk St., near Clay: 125.
18— LOWER flat of 4 rooms. 37 Peart St., oof
Market, near Valencia.
110 — UPPER floor. 3 large sunny rooms and
bath; 71 Elliott Park, off Steln*r. near Geary.
Apply 1011. G^ary st.
110— FLAT of 4 rooms to lot fit Folsnca st.
IIOO.COO TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver. seal*
skins, pianos, .-i« Uncle Harris. 15 Grant >r.
FLATS TO LET FL'RMSIIED.
FOR sale— Flat furnished new 10 day* agnt
particularly modern and close In; 7 rooms, all
sunny; owner leaving city. Box 1363. Call.
Fin.MTUnE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. II M|
heavy matting. 10c per yard: SO**) Inch rugs.
11. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1313 dtockloa
M near Broadway: open evening.
FURNITURE of a 6-room flat. 3 bed. sitting.
kitchen; cheap: month's rent pd. 25 Birch ay.
4 ROOMS furnished in r,«v for $4* M. with No.
7 rang-. Klnr Furniture Co.. 112T-1131 Market.
lIKM I I III : WASTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pay*
th«» highest price for your 24- hand furnltur*.
WANTED- iUA.ii carpets, furniture, etc. ; highest
f!r » paid: postal. •■ SHverstHn. 1121 Market.
yntßiKKs, runs, ktu
ELECTRIC seal capes. As'.rakan yokes. 110 To
130 ROitT WALLACE. 115 Keamy. top floor.
nELP — AGB.IT9.
GOOD live agents to sell Rand. McNally A
Co.'a expansion atlas; rapid seller can make
from ?3 to W per day. Atl jress box 1313. CalU
I^ADIES" agents wanted, tn Geary ,t.
AGENTS— LadIes and gents cv-ryvthnr* make
money by selling the only correct map of bat-
tlefields In the Philippines; Just the thing for
Xmas present. Call or address P. E. LAMAR.
21 First St.. San Francisco. Cal.
JUST out— New Peerless Gasoline Lamp: eaal-
«-t lighted; most satisfactory; knocks all
ccmpetltlon; agents coining meney. Peerless
Lnmp Co.. 11l Railway Ex. bldg.. St. Louts.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
A— 2 GERM cooks. 130 each; InsUtutlca
laundress 130; laundress. 130, country; cham-
bermaid and sewing. 125. same place; wait-
ress. Menlo Park, 125; 4 second girls. RS *r.l
«20; cook, roadhouse, 125: short order cook.
130; housework. Oakland. 125; San Rafael. I?.;
Alan ■ |2.">; Baoaaltto, 125; 2 waitresses. IV"!
each; arm waitress. 16 a week: M housework
girl-. |25 and 124: 10 young girls to assist. li(
to 115. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A— HOUSEKEEPER. Menlo Park. 115. nlco
place; ( restaurant waitresses. !■; and 15 per
week; 4 second girls. 125 and l-"0: 10 wa.l-
resses and chambermaids, city and country,
120 and US. MISS II CULLINAN. 323 Sutter.
C. R. HANSEN A- CO 104 GEART st".
Neat young girls for salesladies In candy
ftore, experience nrt necessary, 17 a week.
see party here Monday. C. R. HANSEN A
CO.. 104 Geary st.
10 WAITRESSES, flrst-class hotels, elty and
country. 120; 2 chambermaids to wait, city
and country, 120. hotel cook*. 125; dishwasher.
FAMILY ORDERS.
Housegtrl. Stockton. |30; i.-cond girls, city
and country. ISO; Swedish houseglris. elty.
125. 120; first-class places, rity and country,
120. |25: young girls to assist. 110. |15. C. R.
HANSEN * CO.. 104 Geary it
WANTED— German cook, no wash. J35; I cooks.
Germnn style. 125 and |M: North-German sec-
ond girl. 120; 4 second girls. 115 and 120; wait-
resses and caterer. 130; 3 Protestant cooks and
plain wash. 125; nurse. 120: restaurant wait-
resses. |5 and IS a week: a large number of
girls for cooking and hou»*w<<rk. 120 and 123.
city and country. J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 311
Sutter st.
WANTED— Two bright young ladle*, from IS
to 22. of refinement, respectability and good
a.ldre»«. to accompany gentleman and wife ta
business to Northern and Eastern cities; em-
ploym»-nt thoroughly respectable and very
profitable; references required; expense* ad-
vanced. Pox 1213. Call office.
WANTED— An orphan girl In need of a good
home; a short distance from the city; to as-
sist In light housework; about 14 years old.
Box 13OT. Call office. **
WANTED— Young girl, living In Mission t»
assist with light housework; sleep at home*
wares 16. Call 7 Hartford st . Sunday ani
Monday.
LADIES to embroider and fill In stamped de-
signs at home; send addressed envelope for
sample, terms, etc. Empire Embroidery
Works. 134 Liberty st. New York City.
WANTED-Oood girl for general housework!
wages 115 per month. 1130 Fulton st. *
WANTED— Competent French woman, by th»
day. to sew and do light chamber work- ref-
•-es required. Pox IX». Call office.
WANTED-Fim-class laundress. Apply at 1301
W A ED Im medlately. waitress at restaurant.
CM Howard st. —•»■».
TEN shorthand writer* secured positions at
Ayres' Pustness College i Mt week/
T ?ek«« |lrl: " fhl h<JU »' work : » 1( >- no Eu-
YOUNG |rl want. to learn the hair and wig
J&^T^Z,T weeks - M - VVVA *
F^^ MnsaM n5as i s ?r t J MTk7 t to , r t. ca "^
WANTED-Errand girls. 1314 California st.
WILLING girl for light housework who d*>
sires to learn nursing the sick; wage* j:i;
good home. m Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for millinery; po-
sition the year round. 130 Sixth st.
GIRL to work on fine custom »ests. d Grees
St.. rear.
WANTED— •eat rlrl to do plain cooking la
bakery. 427 :.arkin it.
NEAT German girl; housework and cook; lU.
M'.j Stanley pi., nr. St^ond and Harrison.
WANTED— Woman to work In restaurant
kitchen. 113 Turk st. _
EXPERIENCED hands on Intuits' caps, sua
bonnets and white work: steady work.
BAUER BROS. A CO.. 31 Sansome >'.
TAILORES3 wanted on coats. Apply at %24
Fcjsom st.. bet. Fourth and Fifth.
WANTED— GirI for general housework: must
be neat and a good cook. Apply 10214 Market.
GIRL for light housework; care 2 children; 113.
1515 Broderiok st. ~*
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; palJ
while learning. Standard Uhlrt Factory, cot*
ncr Couch and Grave su.
' • * <r\ - ■■.! -I _. *. . s ........ , ■ - ■ ■ ■- «...hi UP WAVrno— FKMALE.
WANTEI' v -Flr*t-elii«a tallcress on custom
eoata. t»ir,*» Gutter su
WANTFJ)-First-<:la*s *ewltig machine opera -
i.>r». Aj<rly to room 4\ IS.« Port »t.
WANTEIV- A caj>abie bookkeeper with city
references. B-x 1270. Oall office.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking PchoolTaft e7 » years I
rf t:-.;ara!lrled ►uc.-ei's, ofTem the | n . |
aoeemect t9 '.t* patn^s: the leading dre«*.
• utting tvfifm .if the world; ea*y to learn* '
iai .M to v*.-; thoroocti. practical and artistic
r, urre; jmttfrrif cut to order; posltlor.s free
V ]■• .«T.!.l t IC3 Po*t »t.
'." tNTED— Ftntt-clau fitter fcr Jackeu and
► uitt. at E. MESSAC.ER'S. 145 Pf« Vt
WANTED- T)ir<>e ladle* « <.nee; holiday work-
sroo-1 r-ay. «T;», Thm<-»-nth n.. Oakland.
f iw-w TO loan cr. dlamoadi.watcnea.all wr. wall
nklr.a, r»1»no*. gun*. Uncle Harris. IS Grant ay.
LADIES' cin-iks. *u:t*. $1 per w^elT Fast era
Outfitting Co. 13.< St.K-ktou. nr. Brcadway.
CI.APSI KIED a<i ' vertlserrents and subscriptions
received at Call branch offW. Z2OO Fill more st.
A BRANCH office for the reception"©?" advert
ttaMHmta and subscriptions has been opened
«• :.J I'olk »t.; open until ? p. m.
Nts an 1
the
KeeOM »:u
*V . :vN V, H of £ IC * fSU*" ad\erisements an!
KSuTst establUhed at . •»« Va-
I iW riKS rew* Tor 5 cents-The Weekly Call
'• t ncr.. m wran-r. fcr mailing. $1 per y *ar.
in 1 r \va\ti:i>— mali:.
v \" n^X fwsSli? T "T--"-!«<»" main uu
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
-vVANT 7 A. M . MONDAT....
&• tnen .or the R. R COMPANY WORK
Hikers. »traw*rß t* *; iav
track larnm. track 1ab0m»....|: sf."«nd « day
b a<'k«mlthh. countrj' shep J4O and lound
6 more oarj^nters. Government work... s3 d«y
I itien to make §.hlngle and box bolts 51 4]
: ■ men to cut 4 ft. redwood and pine..'.'.*....:.
i rr.meri"' slngiel handed' driilV.".'* 0 *** " °lA
.ranch timtm $; 6 ' '&£*
r urn at.d dairy man |-5 t o tM
MURRAY A READY/ CM and C3B Clay ,t
lir 'i thlr< * cook - *»:Tcook«. IK
and H»; steward, country hotel. $35; waiters.
' *2L'i: ■
< HANSEN 4 OO Id GEARY ST.
. r-amn.-r* and 5 stonemason* for the coa«t
n... jhtp Tuesday; 20 fajmem for orchanl
•Wk. fSDi i carpenter*. $3 a day: single hand
miner*. $2 :<Q a day; 4 farmer*. $2«
Wallet rr.r Neva-la. $40: waiter, mine t,.,ard-
\:.r bouse. $30. C. R HANSEN & CO.. 104
■' « • ;
V. ANTEr»-Intelllpent men and women to
fcr us day or evening at their homes; no can-
vitsfir.g; r.eat. steady employment; good pay:
-1 ..«- stamp and ye win explain our dirfer-
••: lire» of work ar.d price we pay for each
STANDARD ART MFG. <VV. 142 West C*i
"• ■ ''"J" «. N-w V rk City. Solar printing
c:.d fin^hing for agents and the trade; ner.d
'• r txu ** ■•••^u'.ajv
: ■ MEN wanted t* take part In "Shenandoah."
ArrlV to MART HEISEY. etage entrance
Columbia Theater. Monday. 2 p. m.
WANTED— A boy about 15 years of ajre to he'.p
in ftore; reference required. S2SS Mission *t.
1 "VniNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
ar.y civil service or census examination wlth-
out *e^ing our catalogue of Information; sent
::-e Columbian r. rrespondence College.
Washington, p. c.
<;nNI>RAL and lical agt*nt* for most popular
Insurance jk,llcj- isrued; sell* to every one;
lft.-ge c :r.mis*itr.s; exclusive terrttor>'- O. V.
CARROLU Asst. Sec. IS9 Hruadway. N. Y.
WANTED— Yourg man to take charge and
work In shot- repairing shop. Call Monday
mornir.g at 11»H Harrison st.
■ILl.T'STltATOn— Succe»sful new*j*per artist
wottlt*. take a few pupils in Illun.-at :nr, wmk
placed when corr.rHt«>tit. Box 1215. Call office.
O 'D barber wlrhes a z>Oßltton In Oakland:
working at present In the eUy. Box 13!* C. Call.
WANTED— Heavy forger; wagrb $4 per day.
Apply Ht Navy-yard. Mare Inland. Cal.
XTANTHD— Men and women: (rood Inducements.
Call at 1132 Howard st.. upMalrs. room 1.
WANTED— Man with original Ideas for raak-
lnc money. Box usz, rail office.
TWO «rone boy* to make frames. Milwaukee
Furniture «"o . sr.J Hnwar.l tl.
WANTED— <;«hkI «>ok for restaurant. Apply
12ri Mnrket^st^
TREASURER fnr theatrical company: must
Invert PDO; rare opportunity. B x 12*7. Call.
T'i ii' r;;i :. -.kWeej«-r wanted to take charge
;► A 1 dress box 1126. Call office.
WAITER In Z!< restaurant; must know his
t«u»lne**. ri Taylor »:.
GOOD cook, f II Larkin *t
FIRST-CLAPS boothlark wanted for barN>r
»hoj>; ft track. 1205 Market st.. near Eighth.
IiAP.BERS' Protective Union— Tne only legal
organized nun on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Eisplrya.ent Eecy.. €30 Market, downstairs.
IiARBEHS* iT'gressive Union— Free eti.ploy-
tnect. H. Bernsrd. sec.. lf>4 7th: tel. Jessie lit.
WANTED— Genteel appearing, llv* and ener-
getic men out of employment; k<x«l induce-
Bwnta to the rl«ht partl.-s. Call at 3'Vi post
St.. Tuesday ani Wednesday evenings be-
t« -en 7:3'> and »:*0 o'clock; any mornln* be-
twern t and » o'clock.
WANTEO-MeMe&cer bcj. Address In own
har,!wt itlr>g. giving u a* PHi r^f^t^nr^a, I*4j»t-
':•'"■ l' * »-4«.
coat nr.d pant*maker for the country. J.
PAUM GARTEN A CO .. 7 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A man to work around kitchen; HI
and room. 527 Gear>- st.
WANTED— Errand boy; rood placa for good
boy. fJS Valencia st. ■
BLACKSMITH and tool maker. 17W Dwigt.t
Way. BerKeley.
EXPERIENCED manager fcr medium-sired"
printing i.ffice; mu»t be conapetent proof-
r«i3er: i*rtnan«nt i«-eltlon to good live man.
Acaret.*. with nfer»-n(*», stating ability. A.
8.. box 2' '.<. Call office.
EXPERIENCED clerk for notion and furnish-
Ir.g foods store; must be good on dressing
tthow windows; t>ercianent ponltlon to g0 .3
live man. Addrw.F. with refereacea. H. A..
box Sl5. Call **nee.
WANTED— ItuHurWl men to cure free to prove
•a*y. safe, sure, quick method. DR. SPLIRS,
44 Main *t.. Wetttbrook, Maine.
WANTEl>— Reliable man to keep plain a/--
r-nunts and assist In light outdoor work: will
pay $:« to fl« per week; small capital requir-
ed. 1022 Market st.. room 4.
tiUi OM T<» loan en diamonds, watches.e'.lver. seal-
rkina. pianos, runs. Uncle Harris. 15 •♦-•11
WANTEO-Flrst-class barkeeper. Apoly If
I'ost *.*-.
h'KAMEN rr'en rarii* anl ordinary seamen,
at HERMAN'S. It t-'teuart 'i.
WANTED —At ence. good vest and pants
mskrr. 42* Geary ft.
rENKIONB-J. H. FHEPARD & CO. attor-
— — — neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
IIARBERS— 3-chalr h< tel tarber shop In the
r»r.ter of this city: reason, death of proprie-
icr: n.u*t »» *-.!d: rent V* For particulars
_ call on H. BCHEUNF.TtT. «7 Market st.
GET ycur shoe* half-soled while waiting; 25c to
Vt)t. tCJ Mission at.j bet. l»t and :d sta.
' • •■ !■ 'ndu.'trial man f<r debit: cr>od contract;
I»:S'-l:»i \V. li. CHAPMAN. 511 Montgomery.
UA PAIRS men* shoes, slightly damaged, hair
price. T.C2 Mlfsjf.n St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
Wa\Tl.l>- laborers and mechanics to know
that E4 Ro'.k'n. R.no House proprietor, still
runs lwn\er House 217 Third St.: 150 large
rocmt: Isc per night: 11 to $2 per week.
MEN to )e*m b«rber trade; only % weeks re-
quired; cor.xt»r.t practice; expert Instruction;
l^rtuxes on dermatolocy; Saturday wage*:
rail tr write fcr fre« llluftrated catalogue.
MOLUR'S DARDKB COLLEGE. C3S Clay st.
MKN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. Barber. College. 741 A Howard st. :
WANTKD-100 men to try our 15« bieakfast.
dinner cr •upper: beat la city. 4<M McAllister
St.. rear Polk
CLASSIFIED a<svertl«.em*nts ana subscriptions
received at Call tranch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
VINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third »t.. near Mar-
' ket; "00 rooms. V* night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and frc.m the ferry.
frUITS to order en Installments at cash price*.
$1 werk. N. Y. TAILOJUWQ CO.; 11l Ke.rny
m'tmraiS furnl«hed room*. 10?, lie and tie
: i r night. Ltndrll. 6ih unit Howard; read. rm
TRY Acme House. X" Market. «.. t/elow Sixth,
for a room: 2ic a nlrht; $1 a week.
A BRANCH office for the rwtptSoa of advee-
••■•:•-•« and subscription* has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open until * p. m.
A nUANCH office for Csll advertisements and
subscription* his been established at the
Hf^thwert corner cf Twenty-«eccnd and Ken
tueltv >t» : or*" <IH * P. Tn. '*" v'-l
HOI MM mAM I I)
WANTED— A sunny modern house; about 12
room*: on Pscific or Pre*ldlo Heights; a lib-
eral rent for the right place; on a three or
five year leaxe. AdJress with all particulars,
bex 1121, Call.
HOUSES, LIVE STOCK; It. — For Sale
LOOK out for the big sale of horses at auction
Tuesday at 11 o'clock. Ormonde Stable. 1517
Mission St.. S. ATKINS Auctioneer.; tel.
South 436.
A CARLOAD of good work horees. one span
weighing KM 17M Mission st.
40 HORSES for fale; also wagon, bucgles.
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hor*e Market.
527 »th ft . auction *ales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
LOOK out fir the big sale of hcrsen Tuesday.
11 o'clock, it Ormonde Stable, 1517 Mission St.
B. ATKINS Auctioneer.
M HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1521
and 1C25 Market st.. between Tweif'h and
Brady; also some fine matched black team*.
A WEEK'S newiTfor 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
M PWs. In wrapper, tar maitinc. $1 per year.
IIOU3BS — LODGING — lUX SALtS.
2 .TTt H; WINSTON Itt < C 0.' . ........
IC2« MARKET 5T... .102* MARKET ST.
23 rooms; rent $4.»; one floor $6»
32 rooms; |>lano: corner; <-lenrs $1W 11-0
40 rooms; rvnt $100; corner; clears J200.. 27c0
W> rooms; cheap rent; a snap ISOO
JSOOO to loan on furniture at 2 per cent.
$275-9 ROOMS; 1 Mock from Baldwin: sunny
ysrd; carpets, furniture po..J; •>v«-ryth!ng neat
an.l clean: all rented; income and 2 rooms
for family. JONES & CO.. 565 Market st.
11 RooMs : well fur.; steady roomers; north
Msrket; liarpain. ALFA CO.. 935 Market.
6-KOOM furnished house: mirth of Market; a
. CoWING & CO.. S.V. Market st.
IK> y.-u want to buy or sell your lodging-
house? Call Associated Real Estate and
Iteming Co.. 422 Parrott bulUlng.
MODERN, well-furT.'.shed house. 55 rooms: cen-
trally located; muM be sold. Box 1249. Call.
APARTMENT hou*e; 2« rooms; all full; sunny
Box 1264. Call office.
SUNNY flat; all rented; nelect roomer*; over
-t drugstore, loci Folaora ft.
KICELT furnished 10-room house, permanent
roomer*, will be cold at a bargain. Box 13£3
Call office.
1* ROOMS ei<> e nntly furnished, cost $3500 (new)
$IMO. Box 1351. ■'all office.
29 ROOMS; rent $M; north of' Ellis, nr. Jones
St.; $Uso. Box 2&S. Call office.
22 ROOMS; Eddy St.; $500. ', cash; big bargain.
Box 1349. Call office.
BRICK block In Los Angole* to trade for hotel
an.l buslneF*. C. D. DAVIS. 1104 Market st.
16-ROOM b- ardlng-house; Geary Ft.; $1150; want
lnrcer house. Box 13T.0. Call office.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1C page*, sent to any address In the
Vnite.i states or Cancda one ear for $1.
r^«t*ge paid.
■01 in TO 1 1:1.
A— PRINTED lirt; houses to let: tend for cir-
cular. G. H UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK~&~CO.. 6«7 Market.
HOUSES. FLATS.
! IMI Taylor, » r..s.V> OA<no McAllister. 7 r.sCo P0
S.'<l 2"th. k r 23 00 144 Frederick. 6 r. 25 00
247 Fair Oaks. 7 r. 22 tl 132 A CaMro. 6 r.. 22 f/>
«17 Diamond. S r. UOOItO Harrison. 6 r. 16 M
BROADWAY. 19< S-C rnma, bath, laundry; fine
marine view; rent J2>».
COFFET, HUGHES & HERBST removed to 639
Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel; houses, flat*.
♦ •.. all i-'lzes and prli-«*s. to let.
GOLDEN Gate aye.. TOO. NW. cor. Franklin—
Handsomely papered sunny corner house; 10
rooms and bath.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
lift you get frcm BALDWIN & HOWELL,
:o Montgomery st.
HOUSE of 6 sunny rooms, bath and yard. 121
Pfelffer St.. off Stockton, bet. Chestnut and
Francisco.
HOUSE of • rooms and bath: furnished, $35;
unfurnished $2.".. 1116 Leavtnwurth st.
JONES, tm. near O'Farrell— lo rooms and bath,
with water: $22 W.
LAGI'NA, 17r>-1717— 2 runny modern houses of
6 room* anJ bath; each newly papered.
{ REED. 14 — « rooms, bath, gas and basement;
»20; key 132 Washington st. ■
POT>TT. 1707— Two-story large, handsome, tun-
ny house of 11 rooms and bath; 5 large sunny
bedrooms: nice garden and yard; rent rea-
sonable. SCOTT & HARRIS. Is Tost st.
TO LET— Near the Park, sunny furnished
house, thirteen rooms, two baths and furn-
ace; rent $*). Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. It
Montgomery st.
12 ROOMS and ba»h: Geary st.. opp. Union
square: r*rtly rented. Box A2:<2. Call.
flrtfl.WO TO loan on diamonds, watches.silver. seal- I
skins, rlanos. run*. Uncle Harris, li Grant ay. j
lIODSES TO 1.1.1 — 1 iKMMii.D
i BIRCH aye., &—4& — 4 rooms and bath; nicely fur-
nished.
$35— BAY-WINDOW house, with furniture; « '
room* an.l bath; ?•" ■■> Pine *t. Apply to E. .
RQP.INET. room ( 4im Ollf^rnia st.
~LOST A.>U 1 hi SO,
LOST— From People's Express wagon, on way
t.. Oakland, rackace cunialnlr.g two cases
sample corsets. Finder will receive liberal i
reward ly r-tumlni; .... to ROBINSON &
TOWART. Z2t Buth St.. S. F.
LOST Nov. 10th. going from Powell and Lom-
bard to Montgomery aye. and Franctsco. pair
gold rimmed spectacles In leather case. Re-
turn to f.vj Lombard »t.. cor. Powell; reward. ;
AT Empire Laundry, pair of gold rimmed eye-
glasses In case; case stamped California Op-
tical Co. Return to 145 Twelfth *t. and re-
celve reward.
CIGAR case containing three certificates of de-
ywiFU BaTiK of Oitifornta^liberal reward win
be paid fcr their return. 11. bWALVE. 124
Sixth st.
LOFT— Masonic goM pin. Return to J. F.
CUNNINGHAM. 14 Clay st. ; receive reward. j
LOST— Red greyhound bitch. Return to Capitol
Mills stable. E79 Sixth St.; reward.
LOST, on Sunday. l»th. on Van Ness or Pacific
ayes.. a pearl brooch. Reward at 2409 Pa-
cific avenue.
;
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings I
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the.
name of MAURICE A. REARI>ON. No. 107-
JTi. The finder will please return to bank.
FOUND^ — Gray horse; owner can have same by
proving rruperty and paying expenses. Ap-
ply WM. SAVAGE. 643 Bryant at,
A WEEK'S news for 8 cents. The Weekly Call.
15 paces, in rapper. for mailing. $1 per year, i
— —^ — —^ — —^— — . i
M1.1.M M..
DRS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist.
formerly cf 401 Van Ness aye., 1362 Market,
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledce; cure at
office $i; warranted; IS years' successful prac-
I Uoe in 6. F. Office lIS Eddy, ear Maaon.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tatlon free; home for patients In confinement
': with chronic Clteases, guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $i. '. post St., between Hyde
and Larkln; hours. 10 to .'.. 7 to I.
PRIVATE hrme for patlects In confinement or
t chronic diseases, with best possible care.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 110 Eddy St.. '.et. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12. ito < fend
" to «.
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 years; '
I cull on physician with man's knowledge- $5
cure sent; private home li confinement ' 31$
Kearny st. : consultation free; guaranteed
' PRIVATE confinement hctne"! cunny rooms;
bett of care; nice garden; medicated rteara
baths for ladle*. DR. and MRS. WKGENKR
_phcne^ Pine 2751; res. 1212 Golden Gate aye!
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 122s~Mu7ket: ladles'
1 physician; chronic diseases treated: late scien-
tific methods: cure guaranteed; treatment $&.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket »• bet. Mason Od Taylor; guarantee.!
treatment at office. $5; hours 9a. ta. to Xp. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1C33 Market St.; hours. 10
a- m. to I p. m.; at residence 228 Van Ness
aye.. S to * p. m.: guaranteed treatment J5.
DR WIPE, the ladles' rt^clnHst. HIS Market
St.; every sea sruaranteed; $4 up.
DR. O. W. ODONNELL. the world-renowned t
ladles' M>ecl»llM. KC3H Market st
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dli-
eases r.f the hnmnti body, us Mnoon «t.
HIKES AMI MINING.*
QUARTZ MINE for rale on iumne niver;
tunnel on vetn elves 100 feet additional backs
for each 100- foot run; vein averages 4 f«et
wide and $6 to $12 per ton: price $18,000; easy
terms. W. F. ARAM. Mills building. B. F. |
, \V F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40. itb
floor. Mills building. 8. F : tel. Main 844.
mim i:i.i.(m:ois — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH * WOLPMAN. 195-»7 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases. coun-
ters ' linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice ' furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand! J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
at., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, ehowcaies. shelving, mirrors,
bought, nold and exchanged. 16C3 Mission St.
FOR sale^One 6-horse Northern motor: only
used S months. Apply 421 Market st . room 34.
!• a. m. to 4 p. m. '
FINE mandolin for $50: cost $125. Box I2IL
Call office.
CHICKENS of all kinds. Send postal C. D.
II VI ■.:. Nineteenth and Carolina sis
IHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBEB 2fi, 1899,
MISTKLLAXKOI — FOR SALE.
ALMOST new sealskin Jacket: latest style: $110
Cal. Loan Office. 32 Stockton st.
W - W. ENER 12-bore gun. cost $125; only
$40. Cal. Loan Office. 82 Stockton fit.
$IS— DOMESTIC sewing machine; C drawers;
good order; attachments. 1915 Mission, nr 15th.
I/VT 2SxlOO; trade for anything or sell cheap.
1237 Fuljom st.
ASSAY outfit for tale Address box 1352. Call
office.
FINE lot high-bred canaries in full song: also
I*l6 Market st.
BEAUTIFUL Mexican needlework center-
pieces, etc.; bargain. OSSIG, 724H McAllister.
AT less than cost: uncalled-for suits and
trousers to be sold at Charles Lyons' the
London Tailor. 721 Market st
Caution— '> sure you go ■... the right store.
m Market m . In the History build
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being in
full over the st ire (CHARLES LYONS).
LAUNDRY machinery, etc.— Washer 4Sx4O; ex-
tractor. 26 In.: Hemly box mangle; hand ex-
tractor; copj>er boiler. 40x36. open top; No. 4
Triumph yteam generator. 766 Bryant st.
NEW moving picture machine, complete or
attachment; $:s. Box 119, ("all.
FOR sale— Wine ana liquor route, with horse
and v.wgon. 1411 Pacific street. t
CLOSING out of 2UO new an I 2d-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth rt.
A PETITE 14-karat gold lady's S. \\ watch".
price $19; cost yjj. Uncle Harris. 15 Grunt ay.
ANTIQUE brass candelabrum, 400 years old.
and chandeliers fur sale. f2»V4 Howard st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants.
rteamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
»l*cle chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, tire clay, brlckdust. S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Fansome St.: tel. Main BOM.
i HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives.
11 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater J. n. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price "reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 tO. BacigaLL'Pl.
SS3 Market «t.. Fan Francisco.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. ."13 Montgomery st.
A-J3 DERBY and Fedora hats. $175. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. i"0 Kearny St.. nr. Pine.
FOR Christmas presents call on SORENSEN.
reliable Jeweler. I^3 Sixth St.. below Mission.
BOILERS, enirlneg. drill presses. planer*. lathes.
Iron & wood: 2.1 hand. J. BURKE. 131 Beale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boiler* and enclnes. II S. White. M 6 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents Rear machinery, boilers,
water pipe: new.2d-hand. Whltelaw.2l4 -'pear.
DR CREELY'S C P. Worm Pills: by all drug-
gists, or I>og Hospital. SI" Leiden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAKE CO.. 417-421 >»cra rr.ento st.
BARS. «' unters. shelving. showcases bought and
soM. F.IBEN. Ul« Mission: tel. Jessie 1183.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 •!.•<■*. sent to any address In the
United States or Canada cne year for 11.
P»'ftar» mlii.
mi-, .1.1. \ m:ui •« \va.\ts.
FIREPROOF safe, with or without a burglar
cheM: strtte outride and Ir.slde flze and mak-
er's nan-.e ... lowest cash price. Box 13M.
CalK
HIGHEST price jal.l for old feather beds and
iilllows: send p<*t&l- CHARLES LEWIS. 611
Union st.
WANTED— To hire 10C i.rst-clans scraper teams
with harness ani pead bars; long Job. E. B.
ETONR. F.lmhurst.
LAW BOOKS bought, sold and exchanged at
REUBEN'S, 41') Montgomery st.. upstairs.
WANTFIV- 1 cr 2 chair barber outfit: scribe:
lowest cash price. Box 305. Call office.
I LADIES' *n<l children's cast-off dresses bought
and roM .1 Sllvermnn. «>«4 F..i,,, m nr. <ith.
HOKBI l*O LOAM.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2J and 3d mort-
gages, undivided lntere*ts. real estate In pro-
bate; mortKiiges and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business e!se-
where. It. McCOLGAN, 24 MontKomery, r. 3.
ANY prr.jM-sitipn: any amount; 6 per cent: first,
recond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates., legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages, confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or planes In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates. without .
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NAN. 1017 to 1 :3 Mission st.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all other*, then see me; $64 to i
to $100,000: fi per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
ganes. estates in probate, undivided Interests In
eeMtes. legacies and mortgages bought: advl-e
and money furnished. P. A. D lan, 636 MarkL
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. &46 Market
St.; tel. Main 1«44: Branch 19 Third st.
ON furniture and pianos without removal,
quick service; money direct and lowest Inter- '
eft. Room 6!* and C 9, Donohoe Bldg.. 1170 Mar-
ket st. I
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furnitur- or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 2« Montgomery st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLL Conferva tory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
AT 12C Kearny. room 9, a respectable and Pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dla-
rnond*. . etti lowest rates: take elevator.
MONEY to loan on city realty, estates, rents,
pianoa, furniture, etc. A. M. SPECK &■ CO.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorstr. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldr
TO kalariei men; without collateral or ln-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 I'helan big.
$8000 TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California St.. room 7.
$M TO $50.0C0; lowest . •*•: Ist and 2d mnrtgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK,. 116 McAllister st.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
mr.re money see H. MURPHY. <■'■■ Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGAIN we remind you that you should pur-
chase your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exchanged for a Stelnway
within three years and have full purchase
price allowed. We are selling new upright
pianos for $3 per month, and some good
p<anos for $3, $4 and $0 per month. SHER-
MAN, CLAY St CO.. Stelnway Dealers, cor- 1
ncr Kearny and Sutter f■t^.. San Francisco; |
corner Thirteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
THE best plan for the least money at MAU-
va 7C9 Market st.
SEE the new Packard Pianos and organs at
MAUVAIS'. 7C9 Market; they are beauties.
OLYMPIA muklc boxes are the latest and best;
they play all kinds of tunes. Agency at
MAUVAIS'. 79 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, is and 3& O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thin* possible dune to please and satisfy the
customer.
KNABK plane*; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
ALL makes for a short time only.
•' ". $4. $4. M. $4 per month.
2 Chlckerlugs, 2 Steinwava, 1 Vose * Sons and
fifty other slightly used high and medium
grade pianos; i<iieclal discounts for cash.
HEINE PIANO MFO. CO., 136 Ellis st.
A FINE Stelnway-llardman-Chase Bros, and
several other pianos; little used; closed out
at once at great gains. Sole agency for '
Harelton Bros. THE J. DEWING CO.. room
12. Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
Pianos; prices reduced to li -ire prompt sales.
W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
A VERY fine upright, slightly used, sacrificed
for cash. Room 12, Flood building.
FINE Fischer * Stelnway upright; sacrificed.
KEEFFE'S. miS Van Neas aye.. nr. Geary st.
W. B. BADGER. 412 Sacramento st. age • 'or
Franc!* Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
WANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
Ml Post st.
GOOD upright piano, nearly new: cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. SCHMITZ It
McAllister St.. next Hlbemla Bank.
BOHMER, Byron Mausy and other pianos. SOS
Post st.
8 V& 1 ; 1 ? '"'< violins, sit hers, old and new 11.
MIIXER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cent*— Weekly Call
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year'
OKFI CKS AXI» M."Ri;» — LET.
$80— N. W. cor. O'Farrefl and Jones; transfer
i OI ?.?fAJ 0 i l(:: business standing. MADISON
A BCRKE.
STaßE— Twenty-third and Guerrero; « rooms
ard concrete cellar; good location for bakery.
TO - V, E 7~ Nlce "or* and cement basement. 621
\allejo St.. cot Montgomery aye.; cheap.
OFFICES AND STORES — Let.
SIXTH. 63S— Store 3 rooms; large yard; rear en-
trance; rent $11: water free.
THIRD St.. 611. cor. Park lane— Store an! 3
rooms; r«nt $16; water free. — ■•;
ELEGANT large store; 4 flne rooms in rear,
large dry basement; suitable for any business.
»?8 Valencia St.. under Hotel Dennlston cor-
ner Twenty-first: business center of Mission.
STORE, partly fitted up. for barber Fhop or
any small business. 1304 Valencia st.
'MM SPKKCKKI.S building. m Market st.-
Ltght. sunny of(W«. 111 ' (l to j?o per month.
PALMISTRY.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home: engagements by
phone I.nrkln l^f MRS. L.
PBitsua w.k.
REWARD— lnformation of the fate or where-
abouts of THOMAS D. LAWSON, who In
ISS4 dealt In furniture at 813 Market st. and
19 Turk st. . will be paid for. J. F. LAW-
SON, Hutchinson. Kan.
REFINED educated lady. stranger In the city.
would like to meet weatthi) nrpll-to-do gen-
tleman; ref. exchanged. Box \tie. Call office.
M. C. WILL meet W. C. ladW pa rlir. Palace
Hotel, l p. m.. to-day (Sunday); wear violets.
LKDERERH yII.NTONHW hnlr tonic will
give ny one a l>oautllul bead «>l hnlr. LED
ERER uses no other; Ssc bottle km Stockton.
GO to LEDERER. he does your hair In th-
most becoming style for 2rc: manicuring 2i<*;
switches $1 up; open Hum^s and holdtdays.
I i. m. to 12 m. G. Lederer. 1.3 Stockton st.
BLOOD poisoning, colored *;*it.». mucous
patches In mouth, ulcers and sores; per-
manent cure. Universal Vit i' ne Co., box 15,
Hammond, Ind.
AUTHORS Best prices for rlorles. poems or
any work suitable for un^.i :■;:.• or book pub-
lication. Scroll Pub. <*0.. <liU*gi. 111.
PIANO tuning and repairing. <}. H. k: UN.
formerly with Stelnway & Sons; rei«. 530 loth,
cor. Clay, Oakland; 25 year*' experience.
MME. FISHER guarantees to remove wrinkles;
treatment and consultation free. 19 Powell.
MRS. L.J. WHEEI has removed La Varita
parlors to 1140 Mark»t ft.; ph<-ne Folsom 444.
STRICTLY private home In confinement; large
grounds. PR. FUNKE. 1416 Eighth. Alameda,
MRsTdR~E. I. WILLIAMS removed to 1055
Market «.__ ...'
KOOP^OPaTHE FUTURE!*
Have you been ratisHed with your roofs
during the last ral'i>t.>rm? No. Everywhere
It lea!! What v nuisance ur«> thjse roofs!'.!
The German genuine Ilae-jnlcr Wood-Oment
Roof, a flat roof. Is the Roof of the Future!
It Is positively proof KfaJnst rain, storms and
flre. It in durable, economical and Inde-
structible.
Recommended by the German Government.
It has Wt>n trlM nnd teneij •r. all th' Euro-
pean stat'-s with uniurallcloil success, and is i
now becoming rapidly popular In th.- United
BUti Peware of worthless Imitations. For
further particulars write to o. GRAFF, gen-
eral agent and representative of the genuine
HAEUSLER WOOD-CEMENT ROOFS for
San Francisco and the surrouricllng unties,
253:» Sixteenth st.. Snn Franri.-vo. Cal.
MANILA French Inundry: cleaning, dyeing;
curtains, 35c up; avoid holiday rush. 142 Geary.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wove russ Bilk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. in hank or olinln. at lowest
rates GEO MATTHEWS. 7M Fifth. Oakland.
FIUCE SITTINGS FOR RUST CABINET
PHOTOS; no deposit: evrry Tuesday.
Wednesday and Thursday of this month at
Ma LEI.L ' ' 46 O'Farrell st.
ANTED— Baby for adoption; write before
conttnemen!. which must be in few days or
weekj Address box lIS. Call offlc*.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WIIITE-
HORN. A.M.. Ph.D.. 131.'. Linden. Oakland.
JOHN I. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at I^iw, and Copyright
No. 4 Butter st., 1...- a :■• laity.
Sun Francisco. ''a!. Air- and Foreign
Bead for circular. Patents Solicited.
ARTISTIC hatrdresslng. 2.V-: shampooing. 25c;
ha!rdr*ssing and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlor*. ICr* Market ft., over Wonder.
EI. EGA remnants for nulls. $10 75; pants.
$3 75. or overcoats. $12 M; made to order; |
samples sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring |
Co.. IC4I Market St.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In ever}" room; hester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 100 rooms;
2Jc to $1 50 per night: $1 SO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners, make-up and wigs: country orders so-
llclted. GOLDSTEIN A- CO.. 733 Market st.
HIRSUTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
A. KLEIN buys clothing, brlc-a-brae. tools and I
old gold: send for htm. 189 Sixth st.
ONLY store that buys old cold Jewelry and I
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S. Mi Kearny. '
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 209 Third st.: send postal.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD: dental work In all branches-
examination free. 719 Market St.. rms. 2 A 3.
PAINTING and paperhanglng: rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. KM Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: books bought.
sold, exchanged. CIS Dupont St.. near Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of flne furs and seal ;
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-ofT cloth-
Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife: no lnjec-
tlon; guarantd. Dr. Oordln -,4 Pine, Krny
WANTED— OId | Id for mar. • | O. NOLTE
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell ; ,.,,; Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Pal Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
I'll OPE RTY !VA .NTK I>.
HOUSE and lot wanted near car route- $1500
cash. "WILSON." box 1371, Call office.
PROP It V TO LKAS...;
MECHANICS* INSTITUTE. ~~ *~~~~~~'^~
To lease— Block No. 2; 412:6x275; bounded by
Larkln, Hayes. Polk and Grove sts.; for a
term of years.
Proposals will be received at the Mechanics'
Institute, 81 Post st.
REAL i:viah: — CITY— SALE.
O. F. YON 1.1 I! I.'. I CO.. ~~~~
513 CALIFORNIA ST
IMl'l'.o'.
S3xE6 — Cohen place. off Ellis, W. of Leaven-
worth: 8 modern flats.
35x137:6— Hayes st . near Flllmore; 3 flats-
rent $90; $13,60u.
25x100— Van Ness aye. near Pacific aye. •
modern li-rooon house.
30x125 — Corner Vailejo and Octavla: 2-story
bay-window residence; marine view; $8000 '
20x68:9 to rear St.— Union St.. near Dupont- i
3 front and 3 rear flats: rents $64 60; $8000. " ■
50x75: Natoma. near £th; « tenements; rents
$&0; $7500.
2Gx7s— Hayes, near Devisadero; 8 rooms and
tw>th; modern.
22 fix 107 6- Fashionable part of Vallejo st. ; 13
rooms; strictly modern; $7000. :•-.-.-
25x&0 — Fourth st., near Harrison; store and
flat: HMO; sale urgent.
46x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses: rents $54; $6250. * I
112:6x37:6x57:6-Corn»r Kearny and Green-
wich: 10 2-ftory houses; rents $>•". $0000.
25x75; cor. Virginia and Prospect ayes : I
flats; rents $37; $^COO.
t2xtt ■ Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; $4500.
II dxi:."' to rear Et.— Union, near Jones; 2 flats-
rents $24; $SSCO.
25x100— Lyon. near Geary; cottnge; $2200.
25x120— Eleventh aye.. near Lake; new cot-
tage; $21C0.
22:11x65:9-230 Francisco st , near Stockton; 2-
story house and large basement; $2000.
23x50— Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house-
rents $24; $1700.
UNIMPROVED.
75x137 :6-rO>r. Hampshire and Eighteenth.
-Florida m , north of uu>; adjoining
Union Brewery; offer wanted.
240x150— Corner 34th and A; $3000.
25x110— Scott st . near Washington; $37M).
$0x71:10— BE corner Polk and I^inbard sts
37:4>;x 137:6— Greonwlch. near Polk; $2000
260x125— NW. corner Fountain and 25th
23x80- Sanchex. near 27tli; $700.
25x137:6— B. Frederick, west of Cole.
FOR BALE BY
HAWKS * SKELTON. 321 Montgomery st.
$20.000— Stores and flats; Devlaadaro St.: pay. i
Ing 6 per cent net; Improving in value for bu»l- j
$11,600— Geary St.. near Octavla; large lot- im-
proved; rented low at $.8; never vacant; good
investment; make offer.
$1C.500-Cor. Leavenworth and Sacramento:
3 houses; rent $1620 per annum: easy terms
$30CO— Home of 5 rooms and bath: high base-
ment: Twenty-third st . near Castro; flne view-
this Is a bargain
$3000— NW. cor. Larkin and Chestnut sts- 37
x 139; fine view; cars in one block. " *
$1600— adjoining above. :7xlS9.
$«Co— SW. cor. Vailejo and Pierce sts • 46x11" ;
$2COO— Cor. Fifteenth, near Valencia; choice
for flats; light for every room. -
Corner lot: Montgomery aye. and Tay-
lor st.; very cheap; will double your money
$6000— Lot: Jackson St.. west of Walnut- flne
view of bay and mountains: close to oars' and
entrance to Presidio; will divide.
Jlnoo-I^ts S. side Chestnut, near Stockton-
street accepted; very cheap.
HAWKS ft PKELTON.
321 Montgomery st.
REAL- ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$5500.
Beautiful Pacific Heights residence of ] room*
and bath; finely decorated and In perfect con-
'lit! and repnlr.
♦ ■• RENT! $1032 PER ANNUM.
Pay» actually 1 per cent net; owner is sacri-
ficing, needing money In his business: 3 ele-
rant. ru>w, modern flats on Clay st., Insld*
of Van Ness ay». ; owner will take a lease of
his flat at $40 pet month: this is posltvely a
flne Investment and a good chance.
$325 EACH.
Two very cheap Mission building lots 25x125
each; street work done, handy to cars.
$3000.
No reasons) offer refused: Fl'ln.' re st.: a
very cozy cottage of 5 mom and h*th. nice
garden: small amount cash, bain nee same as
rent; nice location; BM
$4600.
Broadway: Pacific Heights bargain; 2-story
bay-window residence of I rooms and bath; Bx
133:8.
$2400— RENTS $276 PER ANNUM.
Broadway; 3 flats and lot.
$7000— RENTS *5.'2 PER ANNUM.
Choice business corner; I stores with living
rooms and flat of f> nvm-i and bath: large lot.
$«n KACH AND UPWARD.
In.'tal'ment lots; Richmond; Tenth ive.. c
and D sts.; adjacent to the Park: 23x120: $T0
cash, $10 per month; Interest 7 pT cent.
$4750— RENTS $44* PER ANNUM.
Page-st. bargain: 2 nenrly new modern flats
of 7 and & room and huth each; 25x100.
$2500— RENTS $J6O PER ANNUM.
uthslde bargain; store and 3 flats; improve-
ments nearly new; 25XS 1 ).
$5000— RENTS $540 PER ANNUM.
Real bargain; 2 nice modern flats facing the
Park of 7 and 6 rooms and bath each: 32:1x105.
$3100— RENTS $372 PER ANNUM.
Hyde St.; splendid renting location; 2 flats of
5 rooms each and lot.
$;i25.
Pine St.; a nearly new modern residence of S
rooms and bath, basement, etc., and lot.
MOJO- RENTS $360 PER ANNUM.
Bargain: Mission warm belt: 3 One modern
flats and stable; brick foundation, etc.; 2ix
112:6 to an alley.
choice list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for
sale In all parts of th- city.
O. H. | MBBEN * CO .
14 Montgomery st.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
MONDAY. DECEMBER 11 1539.
At 12 O'clock :.uon. .
REFEREE SALE IN PARTITION.
The 9 following properties by order of J. C.
Cullln. Martin Stevens and John S. Rolls, ref-
erees. Maurice L. Asher, attorney for referee*.
(03 California.
No. 1.
PV.' corner Sansome and Greenwich sts. : old
Improvements; rent $C 0 per month; lot 63:9 x
137:6.
No J.
213-20-22 Lexington aye. (Stevenson st.): three
houaee of 6 rooms and both each; rents $51 per
month; street accepted; lot 60x70.
No. 3.
Lots 1«. 19. 20. 21. M, 41. 42. 43, 47 and 48. In
block 4 of Garden Tract Homestead Associa-
tion; lots 25x120 each.
No. 4
Lots 1. 2. 3. 4. R. *>. 21. 15, 26. 27. 2S, 23. 32.
33, 34. 35. 36. 37, BJ, If, 40, 41 42. 45. 46. 47 and
4«. In block 6 of Garden Tract Homestead As-
sociation; lots 25x120 each.
No. 5.
Lots I to 44. both Inclusive. In block 8 of
Garden Tract Homestead Association.
No 6
Lots i to 14, both Inclusive; also that portion
of block south corner of San Bruno aye. and
Paul aye.. SE. 152:s\. SW. 75. NW. I9:U<4, N.
II 114, in block 7. Garden Tract Homestead As-
sociation.
No. 7.
I»t In the town of Calpella. Mendodi Co..
SW. corner Jackson and .'.l sts.. In block 13; lot
200x300; 3 frontages.
No s. •
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
1231 Park aye.. bet. San Jose and San Ar.to-
nlo ayes.. Alameda; house of 7 rooms and bath;
rent $25 per month: lot MJxl26:t.
No. 9.
All of section M, In township 6 south, range
24 east. Mount Diablo Ram and Meridian, con-
taining 640 acres more or leas, all situate partly
In the County "' ■tadara and partly in the
County of Fresno.
For further partlolarn apply at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & »'(>.. Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery street.
MADISON A- BURKE. Real Eftute Agents,
626 Market St.. opp Palace Hotel.
Established I*ss.
Downtown investment Pint bl.»-k on Ellis
St.; will pay 7 i-er cent.
$12,000— Mission St.. bet. First and Second; *
nice downtown business property.
$■"•soo— Suiter st., near Laguna; 8 rooms and
bath; lot 20:*xSO.
$5000 — Baker t-t.. near Sacramento; 8 rooms
and bath; in i>erfect order; 25:6x102:6.
$D.*>oo— Large residence and lot; < 'ak St.. near
i.i vi., 14x120. to renr street; has a great
prosj>ectlve value.
$3750 — Twenty-seventii t.. near Dolores; 11
rooms, 2 baths; '-■.!«.
$5.-00— Rent $55 per month: Shotwell-sL cor-
ner; store and flats; lot 33*90,
$2000— Sheridan st.. n»>ar T.'nth and Harrison;
flats; well rented; lot 25xino.
$Sooo— Glover St., near Jones and Broadway
2 flats; rent $24; lot 13x80.
Cnstro st.^near Twenty-first: fine residence;
8 rooms and bath; new and modern; 25xl0o-
price only $43C<).
$1450— Cheap home; 4 rooms'; fine well of wa-
ter; 25x65.
MADIFON A- BURKE.
628 Mark • «.. opp. Palace Hotel.
SOME BARGAINS AT $C. AIMONTH.
$5 a month buys a }:d) lot on Fourteenth aye
In Sunset Helchts.
$6 a month buys a $:*'() loi half a bio,-: from
Eighteenth st. cars.
io a month buys a J. v lot two blocks from
Twenty-** cars.
$5 a month buye a tine Investment lot on
Nineteenth aye.. near Point I- bos ay«
OSCAR HE! •■: 14 Poet st.
THE SUREST, BEST. EASIEST. CHEAPEST
WAY TO OWN YOUR OWN HOME
FUR (23 IT. A MONTH.
WITHOUT INTEREST. WITHOUT INTER-
EST.
You can have a new ."-rootr. and bath cottage
and lot, half a block from 22<1-»t. cars; cottage
contains porcelain Kith, mantel and latest con-
veniences.
FOR »:• ". •• MONTH.
WITHOUT INTEREST. WITHOUT INTER-
EST.
You can have a NJ'W corner rnttaee of 6
rooms and bath, with nil the latest Improve-
ments, half a bli>c< from :M-«t. cars; we allow
C months" time In ouse of sickness or lack of
work. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st.
$20 A MONTH buys II level lota and a new 4-
room cottas*; i block from electric cars, in
Ocean View OSCAR HETMAN.
14 Post st.
COFFEY. HUGHES &» HERBST
REMOVED TO «o MARKET ST..
Opposite Palace Hotel.
$8000— Ellis, near La«Ul i; key lot: 2 fronts; 2
flats on Willow aye.; Bills si front vacant;
cheap, but want an Offer; 31:4x1i0.
HIJHV McAllister St.. near City Hall: large
lot: 2 fronts: pai • well and Income r uM bc In-
creased, you will ml*.* a K"<">d ihlnj: If roil >! >
not look at this.
$4750 — Union st. data; nearly new; very cheap.
$7500— Golden '"'•ate aye., not far from Van
Ness aye.; 27:6x1'.'0 to rear st. and voo«l house.
COFFEY. HUGHES &. HERBST.
Removed to 630 Market st.
$4500—320 ACRES fine grain land: San Joaquin
County, near Tracey; exchange for city
property.
Wanted Stork ranch worth $ rr iV; exchange
for city in. ■ mi property.
$1230— Will exchange 5 ncres at f>lmont for
vacant city or o : ikUnd lots., I. C. LARFF,
20 Montgomery si -' ' .'
$100 DOWN; balance small payments; fine 2-
story house; : rooms; modern; at Oakland
(Golden Gate station); a snap.
$2450— V5 cash; sure Investment; Butter-st.
store property. I. C. SCHARFF. m Montgom-
ery st.
$l!0O— AN attractive cottage on 2Wh *t., near
the cars. easy terms.
$1100— Rents Vi flne view; SrUnnn ft., near
Brondway and Tuylor.
Cheap bullillng lot: Wlllard. near Ist ay.
$400— Part cash, good lot. near Glen Park. ■
Pick-up; corner 44th and J.
$100 cash, balance easy payments— Coiy Mis-
sion home.
McEWEN BROS.. US Montsomcry st.
FOR sale— A magnificent corner. .'• i/ara; best
business part McAllister st;.- m ml in-
vestment. Box 1212. Call.
FOR sale cheap: new 2-story bouses: 7 rooms;
. latest improvements; Noe and Hill st., near
Castro st. cam; patent sidewalk.
$2600— Bargain; new cottace of 6 room« and
bath. 4015 Twenty-fourth »1 . enh>- terms.
FOR sale— Three lots on Day st.: ?V0 *.-irh: $'•')
cash: $10 a month Installm-nt*. GEORGE
W. H. PATTERSON. 17' 1 * Market st.
WE can help you buy a home by advancing
the necessary money. ACME BUILDING
AND I "AN ASSOCIATION. 14 Post st.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — r'OK <lALK
BALDWIN * HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Will Exchange Equity.
112.000— Handsome racl.rn residence, contain-
Ing n rooms, oath, all latest conveniences;
cost over jr..CK">O: large lot, 37:6 by 137:6; bank
mortgage of JCOtO can remain; It commands a
superb marine view.
A Fine Investment.
JS7:o— Rent ISS; handsome new flats, facing
the PatH Panhandle; containing I rooms, por-
celain bath and all the latest n.fii.'-iu.es); all
rented; a good buy.
ICttO -Twenty- fourth at., near Guerrero; two-
story residence; contains fi rooms and bath an I
basement; lot 22 by 1J7:6; mortgag" of 11700 can
remain.
15250— Three handsome bay-window flats on
Hermann tt., clostj to Valencia; lot 25x55; rent
156.
|C«vi_netit $ci; a fl.its, In go^d condition, near
Sixth ami K..!sor.i us.; tarsc tot. 4'jX^O; splen-
did renting totality: Ms bargain.
$97T»-Ha«'' :-st. Inveytmrnt. not far fr^m
Market st.; 3 modern flnts of 6. 7 ant 7 rooms:
marble steps; tiled vestibule; up-tc-dato In
every respect; rent r»5.
|47W-Rent 113; Folsom Ft . east of Ninth: Int
25x90; store and Hat above; also flats in rear,
big bargain.
|!2.'o— Three handsome n<*w flats, close to the
Park; up-to-date in every respect; marble steps.
nc; sun In every room; test bargain in the
market; r.^nt I*'". •
SttGO- Hen i 17.2: Mas'in ... l-*tory
li-iu.--. lf> rooms n:id t.ath; nNo il^uM"- cttage
of 6 rtiom* earh; Int 40x<i>.
|7V<o— Vallejo »t.. t>»tween Mnntgimery nnl
Stockton; good business loratlon; rent %>; stor-
and 2 flats of 5 ro< m.i and bath etn-h; In good
repair.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
JC25O— Mod*™ re»l<lence; Oak st.. near Ash-
bury. contains 9 rooms, bath. etu. : lot 25x137:6;
can be bought on desirable terms.
l*.7!o— An offer wanted; Suiter St.. near De-
vli>aden»; lot 34:4Hx137:6. with two-story resi-
dence, containing 'J rooms and bath, etc.; also
ftnhle; muit be sold.
I*2so— Rent 163 50; Mason St.. close to Sacra-
mento; corner tot. with gm»d Improvements;
rented for 16.1 CO: big bargain.
110.000— Valencia st., n--ar Twenty-second:
large lot. *0xl«, through to San Jos<» aye, with
Improvements consisting of 3 cottages; great
bnrgnln; sold to close an rstat>>.
12100— Clement Ft. near Fifth aye.: modern
bay-window cottage, 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x
100 ; stable In rear.
I2foo— Nineteenth at., near N"'; lot 25x114;
rent 126; 2 flats of 4 and 6 rooms each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery St.
$500 AND UPWARD.
On very easy payments; choir* lots In th»
block recently subdivided, bounded by II and
I &tf.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth ayes. ;" right
on the Park anil the new Nlnctecnth-ave. Ikju-
l*-vard; v number of lota already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine investments; good
biilMing lots; all ready; lots graded; streets
macadamised; water pipes laid.
Prices, U«'> upward.
Interest 6 per cent only.
Your own term*.
Money advanced for building purposes.
Electric cars pass, the property; sec this block
' at once; go to our branch of flee to-day, corner
'li st. and Ninth *■ - price lists, etc.. there at
; our office. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S MONTGOMERY ST.. S. F.
" FINE 50-VARA.
Havinir three frontage on bustne** streets,
only partially Improved, and renting for 1275
monthly; a splendid buy; price 150,000.
BUSINESS PROPERTT.
Thr*e-»t Ty building; stores bolow and rooms
above; two frontages; always rented; rents |l; 5
month; price K5.000.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
Good sumy home of 7 rooms, on Webster St.; |
price rtas been reduced to 15500 to make quick
sale; It's a bargain.
RENTS I«S. PRICE 15750.
Three flnr flats In Panhandle district; always i
rent- lot 25x137:6.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
13 rooms; on north side of streets, with ma- '
rine view; lot 3j:10x137:6 feet; price 113,000.
J450".
Seven-room house on Stelner Xt . near O"Far-
rell; lot 22:6x137:6; will be sold cheap.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Call for our lift of onttages In nil parts of the
Mission; frum 11250 upward; ea*y terms If de- ,
, sired.
SUNSET DISTRICT.
Two fine lots on 7th aye., near Park; 23x120;
1750 each.
COLL HEIGHTS.
Fine lota, with view of city; |SCO to SHOO.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS I»TS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
McAFEE BROTHERS.
10S Montgomery si . 8. F.
LOTS for sale In the Herman Tract on V. <
monthly Installments; streets graded and
sewered. JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery.-
PARK lots for nale from 1100 up; buy while '
property Is cheap: $7.".. I<*>xl2U. near electric
road, San Mateo County. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 13 Montgomery st.
V* 1 IS all It will cost you In the long run for
a new S-room lioiue and lot 5?x125. in th«
Alvin Trnc-t. Elmhuntt. Alameda County, near
Oakland. For particulars see JACOB HEY-
MAN. 19 Montgomery st.
IN course of erection. 6-room and bath cottage
on Hoffman aye., Herman Tract; JiOO is all
the house will c-ost you In th.- long run; you
r*nt-j>ayen» Hart In to think and <•.••• what you
will save by Getting your own home. For
particular* call on JACOB HEYMAN. If
Montgomery st.
FOR bargains see THISTLETON. at Ocean
Vl»w.
|7M buys now house near station: tot tPxl23.
ISfrO — I rooms; street graded; near station
1300—4 rooms and hath: lot .r.x12.'.:. r .xl2.'.: easy terms.
JlWo_Oir. houiw.-irwmts; 2 flats; half cash.
11100— House on Broad st.: lot 25x125: bargain.
$.1100 — New bout • "> room*: tot 25x125.
$11' X> — 6 rooms, bath: modern Improvements.
Lots 1125. 1150. 1200 and upward: near cars.
House nnd lots sold on Installments.
117.0^0— BRICK building; rents 1140 per mo.
jsp/V\_ Two elegant flats; 6 and 7 rooms.
I'JSOO— New 7-room house: very cheap.
J2soO— Two flats of 4 rooms; corner lot; Greea,
near 1 .-irk in; size 2Cx120.
IssoO— Two flat*; 6 and 7 rooms; modern.
JEROME ENGLISH. 636 Market st.
16650— TW0 modern flats; 6 and 7 rooms.
134^0— Two rr.SMlern flats; 4 and 5 room*.
lir/K)— Cottage; 4 rooinn; Mission warn belt.
11750— Oiik St.: cheapest lot on street.
P. W. MQRRISSEY & CO.. 630 Market st.
THE best buy tn the city; only 160 a lot: 43 lots
In a rapidly Improving location In Sunset dis-
trict; 10 minutes' walk from the cars; can be
subdivided and sell for twice the money; sur-
veyed «:id title Insured; no *and; Inside of
SlMwnth aye., CHARLES W. POl'E. 11
Montgcmery st.
FOR saiv— Two modern flats; upper flat with
unfinished attic: one block from Ninth and
Market; ffTer wanted. Hox 1255. Call office.
A. M. SPECK .<■ CO.. .v: Market st
Jlti-iO— l»t near .M !■.-;..:. and 3d sts.: 20-foot I
front.
KroO— 5 flats; rent* 130; downtown.
IIC O— »S flat* near 6th and Mission; rent* 146-
want ofTor.
JCOiiO— 3 Hats; California st.; rents 145
|60vO— I'cit st.; 3 fl.its: rents 160; bargain
J7£ijO— Near Powell and Mush; i new flats-
> rent- about ISO.
110,750— Fe1l St., near Aahbury; 1 fine flats-
rents IS3.
112.SC0— Store nnd Hats; near Market and Tav- '
lor: 50-foot front: rents lioo. ;
Il3.Eoo— Geary »t., near Mason: store and lodg- t
ing ;:ouse.
$11, 500— Hush St., near Mason; new flats; rents '
1142.
121. Near 4th and Jessie; lot 3?x!2 t and
Improvements.
127.500— Sti<re and 26 rooms above; modern-
near Eddy and Jones: pays 7 per cent net
Jli>.nCO— 7Sx«2 feft; Geary St.. near Taylor"
J3i;».o"o— Downtown: modern brick structure-
, cost 1425.0C0: nets 6 per cent.
Best list of business and residence properties
A. M. gPECX ft CO., 067 Market St., opposite
Kcarny.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St.. opt>o-
Klte th» Nevada Bank.
Buying a targe lot Improved with stores and
! flats on a principal business street that pays
; a rental of 10 per cent on the purchase money.
on a cash payment of one-third only, and giv-
'. ing a mortgage bearing only 6 per cent Interest
for two-thirds payni4fnt. Is t; .t a bad transac-
. tion for the purchaser nnd n chance seldom
j offered, but I can put you In the way of it.
J25.000— A lead bargain: an Larkln st . near
Geary; rent 11*5; store* and flats; lot 47:6x137.
ISWO each— Two flne houses on Scott St.. near
Sacramento: ch».-a:>.
Hr. n— a snap; lot 27:6x137:C on Fulton it., with
a 2-story bouse; No. 107; only a couple of blocks
from the City Halt and Market st. ; lot atone
Is worth 145G0.
130.000— Rent* 13000; n most centrally located
1 corner property of Stores and flats, with an ex-
cellent future: nothing better In the city.
IsSoo— Rent l«7; a splendid Investment on
; Geary St.: 3-story house; store and 2 flats 5
i rooms and bath each.
FOR SALE CHEAP. ~~~ -■—
Six-room and hath cottages; modern porcelain
bath, etc.. on Vermont and Kart«as sts near
Eighteenth; two blocks to Slxteenth-nt." cars-
ftmnlt cash payment, balance as rent.
Also cheap cottage. 6 rooms, in Richmond
130 Parker aye . near Geary *t.
Apply W. HELBING. 2712 Folsom at.; house
cpen Sunday from 1 until S o'clock.
I COTTAGE of 4 rooms and lot 25x125- flower
garden and chicken yard: must be seen to b«
appreciated. Inquire 124 Broad st . Ocean
• ' ew -
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.. make. loan, on '
second mortgages. Interests In estates, etc. |
IF you have lota north of Golden Gate Park.
«fl of ■"«■•* » v » ■ and you wish to sell them !
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st
H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.. makes loans on
second mortgages. Interests In estates, etc.
HEAL ESTATE CITY — FOB SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE A <•». MARKET ST .
CM JIARKr.T br.
GOLDEN GATE AVI CORNER.
«4VOO-3 frontage* en Gulden Gate a-- - f»w
blocks from Market St.; I- i 83x120 feet;
tartlally Unproved, with 4 ten-room
houses.
MUST BE SOLD.
Ie.OOO-RMuced from IOX).
T2COO cash, balince linflO on mortgage at
6 per cent; at a transfer point; lsrg»
elepant rooming hnu«>; 30 sunny rooms;
ctst |wo f. build; larK-s lot: 43.8x100;
Will pay 12V) p«r month.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
H. 750— 5 elegant modern flats: 5 and 6 rooms
and bsth: rents l»8. Ashbury st.. nr.
Fell; -^t Mf.ck from Park Panhandle.
IS.CCO— 2 modern flats: 5 and « rooms and hath;
rents |«7 50; Pine st.. nr. D^vlsadero.
fS.SOO— I modern flats on Webster St.. near
Geary; rents |P).
MISSION FLATS.
H.OOO- Rents I'M per annum: 1 m"d»rn fiat*
of fi. 5 and « rooms and bnth; lot 25x123;
near Fillmore and Thirteenth sts.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS
16.700— Rent* 1756 per annum; 6 nice appearing
flat* of 4 and S r • r«. lot Ms?*; near
|tll and Howard sts.
t4 "CO— Rent* 1529 per annum; ( flats nf 3
rocm*: good condition; near Bryant
and Sixth its.; It Z'<rV> feet.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
ft. 2lo— Elegant new modern house of ( room»
and bath and basement: all mo<t»rn
Improvement*; on Laguna St.. near
OFarrell; lot 25xm
— —
Io.ECO— Residence of 7 rooms and bath; lot
27:6x127:1; Clay St.. nr. Broderlck.
MISSION HOME.
13. CCO— Elegant new modern house: 1 story; I
rooms and bath and basement, beauti-
ful v!ew; !-.t 23x111; near Castro and
Twentieth at*.
Ec« Chronicle and Bulletin for ether
properties.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO..
83* Market st.
EOL GETZ * BP.OTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lot«. superb locations, lowest prices.
$3fX) to JSOO— Sunset Heights tots from SeT-
enth to Nineteenth ayes.. ready to build on;
125 down. liO monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye.. near II st. Every
day and Sunday.
14*0 to 1700— Richmond lots. FlO monthly.
175 to Ocean Boulevard lots, IS monthly.
1100 to $250— Mission at. and Ocean View lota.
IS monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
C C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Lanl
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make offer — Northeast cor. Twenty M
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 10x111 feet.
llfiOO— North line Carl st.. near Stanyan; Cx
117 « feet :
CORNER 4-roo bay-window cottage; also sta-
ble. 1133 Shotwell st.
6- ROOM new house, $SCO cash. 123 per month.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 848 Market st.
13400— MODERN S-room cottage on bltumlnlxcd
ttreet; lot 25x130; also a large 7- room hous*
on Pierce St., near Halght; houses built to
suit purchaser: easy terms. Inquire as preai-
ties. F. NELSON, builder.
1300 FOR new house of 6 rooms and lot l>>xlJO.
In Oakland; terms 1200 cash, balance 19 per
month: lot and house cost 11200. Inquire wll,
HENORICKBON A CO.. 614 Call bunldlng
S3.W-LOT 25x120; east line 10th *>«., 275 south'
H st. F. EARLEY.
HEAL BSTATC — < — K»r »«!•
announcement!
We desire to call the attention of Intenllns;
buyers of country lands tv mm* bargains In In-
come producing orchard, vineyard, grain at. I
Ktnck farm*, many of which are bank fore-
closures, that we linve for sale. Our Mr. Bush,
rmvlna; had forty years' knowledge and experi-
ence of the vhlv>- of lands and being the owner
of an Income-producing orchard and vineyard,
.in intelligently direct intending buyers to th«
!• -t land* nnd bargains in the State. Call or
write for what you want.
O. H. UMP.SEN A CO..
David Hush. Manager Country Department.
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
SEE this!! 800 acres. 25 miles from Oakland,
also convenient to R. R. town; goo.l level
road: splendid Improvements; 2*) acrca orch-
ard and vineyard: running water; many
i>prlngp; beautiful large trees: portion of tin
ranch good hay land; an Ideal home farm;
j flrst-clas* surroundings: will carry -0 hea.l
of cattle; to close an estate this fine property
can be purchased at 120 per acre; easy term •
ard a part exchange might N« entertained;
see photographs and full description this of-
flce. H. H. CRANE. 410 Montgomery st.
11210—11 ACRES, close to town; central; Ala-
meda County; good house, etc; some fruit*
and vln**; *, Mij Httl* -henw at half tt»
value. II H. CHANE. 410 Montgomery st.
FOR rent— so acres; Santa Cruz Mountains; H
in orchard, prunes and apricot*, with som*
other varieties; wood and water; cottage an I
outbuilding; low cash rent, or will sell on
easy terms.
!35f'O— New modern dwelling, central. Oak-
land; must be sold; owner going away; < t in
vacant land or lots, balance long time; will
consider low cash offer.
11750— High basement cottage, central. Oak-
land; 1150 cash, balance 115 per month; might
exchange.
W. O. GRIFFITH, room 311. Hearst BUlg.
FOR sale— Pretty, sightly sldehlll ranch oMICO
acres; 1 mile from Callstoga. on county road:
10 acres In bearing orchard, mostly prune*;
8 acrts In hay; fine soil for rtneyard: abun-
dance of wood and water: n»w house. 4
rooms and bath; water piped to house: out-
buildings: all farmtng utensils nnd furniture;
so:d cheap; going to Euros>e: only tv/io- cash
required. Address J. P. MARTIN. Cal!*!oga.
Cat.
AN Immense list for sate and exchange.
11 acres; nicely Improved: income fruit and.
poultry ranch; adjoining Sunol. Alameda C>un-
ty; 11650.
120 acres level and gently rolling loam; com-
plete set buildings: >> acre* on-hard, etc.; Hsrr>.
10 to 300 acres: subdivision sale of best locate i
and richest, highly cultivated valley loam: near
Nap»: only t«> acre; worth 1100. SICKKLS
THE UND AGENT. 63« Market at.
UM CASH buys IWO acres best gratrTTand In
the Ktate: Al Improvements; also suitable for
dairy; balance. 13000. may remain; no agents.
Box 13S0. Call office.
APPLES, alfalfa, berrle*. wood, water. hou»<\
barn and 130 acres: I2C«O; «-i down; 1100 year-
ly. M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
1750 CASH buys 12 acres; fine orchard; balanc-.
Si" 1 , may remain; no agents. Box 1379 Call.
TO lease— Small chicken ranch: complete- best
of terms. ALFA CO.. 935 Market st.
A LOVELY* home. 115 acres, on Ho well Moun-
tain, for sale: 17 acres clear, » acres vine-
yard; half-mile from Totard House. For fur-
ther particular* apply to MRS. 11. T. WKUT-
LANI». St. Helena. Cat.
H DM BOLDT Co.— Dairy, grn.- timber tands;
bargains: no drought, O. 11. BURCHAHD.
Arcata.
MAKIN Co.. 2* mtlea from 8. F.— »49 to |«0 per
acre; choice land* In tracts of all aize»- Im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay grain
fruit and vegetable lands: easy term*- rail
and water transit: good schools. HOMI ANl>
FARM CO.. rm. 27. Bth floor. Mills b!4ff.. S. F.
FOR sale or exchange for city lots— Small
rajKh; San 'Mateo County. Apply 4)4 Caro-
lina it.. Potrero.
A RARE CHANCE.
Johannlsbenr Springs, the famous summer re-
sort and vineyards. Napa County, all fur-
nished and equlppcJ for business; has full
house every season and pays owner over Xt
per cent on Investment; must b* sold at
terms to suit, or rented at once on account of
immediate departure. of owner to Europe.
For photographs and particulars inquire of
A M SPECK A CO.. «S7 Market st.
A-lir.o©; 19 ACRES level grain and fruit land:
good «-room house, barn: about 200 frutt trees
bearing, also horse, cow. Implements, etc.;
Sonoma Co. SPECK * CO.. 667 Market st.
A— IIOCO— A SNAP— I6O acre*. Calaveras Co.. 1
ml'.e from R. R. station: 60 acre* bottom land;
well fenced; house and barn: wood and water.
C. F MOORE. m Market St.. room 6.
180 ACRES choice orchard or vineyard land;
near Stockton. San Joaquln Co.. Cal. Address
box 1326. Tall office.
TO rent— "Easton Ranch." 50 acres, near Oak-
tand: 14 fruit. *r« Broadway.
REAL EBTAI E i<» \ BXCUASO e£
17000— MODERN Alameda home of » r. . b*st
part; IS-'iflO. Oakland cottage; HMO. house an 4
lot; 7 r. and corner tot; city, for ranches.
German-American. 34 Kearny st.
For additional classified adver*
tisements see page eighteen.
1718
room* for in)i>i:iii:i:i'i.\o.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adTer-
tiM ■::<•:.!* and »übhcrlpttons has been op»ned
at i:. Polk n.: cv*njuntll^ p. m.
• BVSH 2i24-J pleaoant sunny furnished bouse-
keeplne rooms; use cf beth. laundry, yard.
CLAY. r«n. near Ftllmore— 2 larce unfurnished
upper rooms: yard: water: rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements ar.d subscriptions
received at Call bran, h oiflc* : :»/ Fillmore st.
EDDY, rf"— Nicely furnished pleasant front
ruonis; can; balh; terms rcuscnabte.
EIGHTH. 3411. near Market-One or two runny
front roor.is, w»vh nijular kitchen, .-n'.a«i«d
for housckeejiins;; bath: private family.
ELEVENTH. 12>— 3 Funny rooms, furnished or
unfumUhrd for housekeepinc; chf*«.n rant,
FIFTH. S22— liou^ekeeping room and slnrle
room; newly furnlrhed.
FIFTH. Xi3— l connecting furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, 112; also single rms.. ::. f6 and 17.
FIM.TC'N. VIS— J or mere housekeeping rooms
with pas and ccal etove and running water.
GOI'GII. £40. near Fulton— Unfurnished bouse-
k. ••;•:. i: rooms; use of hath.
JACKSON. KO. nr. Mawsn— Furnished lar»e
room; prate; or housekeeplns:: 17 'a St.
iESSIE. 172. near Fifth— Housekeepinc rooms;
Jf* :
LARKIN. M-Onn sunr.y !>■ .-.mekoeplr.*; apart-
nr.er.t«; $16 to J2f. per month: central. I
MIFPION. 211» — Newly furnished room: house- j
keeping and others. I
NINTH. It. near Marl- sunny connecting
houeekeeping; rooms: store; water; iras; $10.
NINETEENTH and Carallns i>t«.— bousekeep- ',
Ins; rooms and closet: i~. I
6ACRAMENTO. Ul4. »«•' i!v <.~ and Larkln—
clean sunny front rooir.f .'.-cantly furnished;
modern lmpnrveenent* : 1 r-t l:ou*eke«plng- al-
lowed-
EOUTH PARK. ty-S or S w :! fumish<»d sunny
hmifekecp'.nß ro«"m»; rene >r.at'le.
SOUTH PARK. IS4— 2 raany frvnt ro-ims; nice-
ly furr.lsbed for housekeeplnK.
TWELFTH. 12. near Market— Plngie or bemse-
keepir.c rooms. ___^
TWELFTH. 146— A eunny suite cf three rooms
fcr bouMkveeplnc^
TWENTY-SIXTH. rs*7— l sunny furnished
houwkerj'lriff iwna, i>: also «lns;le.
WILLOW aye.. CP. ne«r Buchanan— Nice run- i
ny room*: furnished very nicely, with bath;
private tamlly.
tIOO.WO TO loan on diamond*, watcher, silver. »eal-
• k-.- • . piano*, cuns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
A BRANCH off.cc for C!\U advertisements and
•üb*crlptlons has b*en e«tat)llKh»-'l at the
MTtfcwcst corner cf Twenty-second and Ken-
'
tucky streets. Oren until S p. m^
A BRANCH office, for Call advertisements and ■
*ur*crirtlons has been established ct 10M Va- '
ler.cin M
lilWI TO Li:T— Turn, nml Infurn.
A BRANCH rfflre for the reception of aJver-
tlferr.rctii and »uV>*crtrtions has ■ mm opened
at 1"22 Tolk rt.; open until t p. m.
A— I3KI"NSWICK HOUSE. 14$ Sixth— Rooms
Jf< to tl per nlcht: fl 25 to 15 per week, and
Jlcht hi -usekeeplnic: open all r.lcht.
AT Hrtel Francisco. Turk Bad Taylor ata.—
Hrmelike hour*: modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms We to Jl 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— •WALDORF." SPI Powell— Front suites and
e-1-.fle rooms, with or without board.
FinCH aye.. Sfr— Nice front room; use of
Kitchen.
nVRNETT. 1426 Market «old No. ISM)— Fur-
r.!fched m*,. mites, slncle; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 12"« Market, cor. Golden Gste
aye. ccrner: well furn; rms. & offices, j
CLAPPiriED sdverttsetafnts and subscription*
received at CaK branch office. 2^K> Fillmore st.
CASTRO. ZP3. cor. Sixteenth— Or* or more
rooms; crate; reasonable; private family.
ELLI&. tlS— Lorfre runny roc<m; suitable for 2
gentlcmeu; «verj'thlnc new.
ELLIS. r>6s— J large unfurnished rooms, with :
gay; S2. r .; reference. J
FELL. i:*~Punny rlnirle. 16; 2 double. $1 and j
$:r: new furniture; running water. I
FOURTH. 2T2W— Nicely furni»hM sunny hay- ]
window an.l sinele rximj: i«-a*onable; quirt.
FOURTEENTH. 721 A— Nicely furnished room.
saltablc for 2 nentlcmen; als-> one pintle room.
FULTON. 522— 2 pleasant sunny front rooms. :s
and tl2 ;»r month; use of parlor; gentlemen.
JKANKLIN. 21 i Newport)— Nice sunny bay- I
window rocm for 2 young rcen; also hcuseicps.
GEARY. 14A— Chani,-ed hands: rjnny front
suites: aUs3 ether ruomi; reasonable.
GEARY. 1115— Large room: also suite: fur- ;
nished: modern conveniences; phone; reas.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. C4»— 3unnj suite, with
kitchen; al»o *!ngle rooms.
GULDEN GATE AYE.. It3i— Fcr rent, 2 newly i
furr.isl.ed rooms. •
t '» \Nl> SOUTHERN— 6outl.ea«t ccr. Ser»nth
and Mission st!>— Sunr.y rooms, en suite or
ringle; ladles' parlor; reading rocm: elevator. )
GIwVNT aye.. I:7— Elecast!y fornlnhed rooms, !
<■:. suite, doub'.e :.z '. single.
HANCOCK Houf*. 7SI Mission— Select family
rot rr.lr.g bouse; $1 to i% per week.
HYDE. 2T7— Newly furnished rusny Front par- [
lor; ahso other f<orr.s.
JONES. 41S— Newly furn'shel runny ralte; also
1 '.i-r, - sunny room, suitable for two.
HOWARD. 7".i— .00 suncy rooms; nicely fur-
nlrhed: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWaIUj. bJSk— <*lean. re«p«xLable. lie to II per
nlgbt: from tl per week la U. Howard -at car
to the docir.
I
j:>sik. 3Ci— t ■■■• double front room; alro
other rooms.
LARKIN. *0s — Furnished sunny ni^ front
r-> r.i for 1 cr 2 gentlemen; private bouse.
LARKIN. 7'>C — Two furnished rooms In rear, t%;
single rucn.B. J* and $5.
McALLISTEK. 7C2H— * nice rocms for house-
keeping: also tingle and suites; bath; gas.
CTNXA. «7. corner .hui Newly furnished
bay-window roosi, tl per week; transient.
MISSION. WOl-Corner room, with a grate;
biro hall room; ti and «•
NEW Ar;ir.gt«,n. 1W Market— Nicely furnished;
25c day uj>: t2 w«^k up: transient.
NINTH. Sl— Two or 2 furnished rooms suitable
for two ladles or gentleman.
O'FM'.RELL. SO— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day. wk.. mo
CFARIIELI* r.14-Newly furnished, new house;
latmt Improvements; front rooms, J> up.
O'FARRELU 1027-Haail»ome front cult; also
one well-furnished sunny room.
CFAURELL. ICT7— Front and bark parlors;
front parlor handsomely furnished: bark par-
lor partly furn.: will furn. to ruit; other rms.
POLK. 217 I*—A1 *— A furnished sunny front nv>m.
with alcove, for 2 s;entlejn*n or man and wife.
POLK. Cl&— L*rge w»ll furnished room; gas,
rrate and use of bath.
J?osnDALE. 821 Ellis, nr. Taylor— loo room«;
Jsc a nlcht: $1 a wi-ek: transient.
JtOTAL UeOMU 12« Ellis st.-lnran<Wcent
llfht. reading-room, rmcklng-room and ladles'
farlor: rnomn. per nicht. 2ic t'» fl M: we«k. fj
• ' IV month tS to t"0; elevator on office floor;
rooms with . • t. ecld water; baths.
I'ItCIUCAN Apurtment Houn, IS ■ .'-in at..
tiesr Ma:. Furniwbed and unfurnished.
t'NNY room flowMowa; suitable for lady or
centlrT.inn; references required. Box 12C3.
Call office.
tTSnCT outnlfle rorims. one block from Market
•t. 472 Fteren^on St.. NE. corner Sixth.
UNNY front mom; private family: warm
belt. Mission. Afldrws BACKUS. 11 Geary at.
ITTER. S f| 9-4 coxy, newly papered rooms;
very cr-ntral: theaters and business; gentle-
men onlr.
i UTTER, 7CV— Office of late Dr. Robertson; also
oilier eunny. Jianfliiome rooms.
THHAMA. 445-Front runny room.
TENTH. 12S. cesr Market-Small light room":
running water; $2 per month.
THE Oak*. US Third— A good rooming house
fnr rood prople. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
TURK. ?4— Comfortably furnished runny nr.s.;
reasonable: alro light bou^ekeeplng r> oma.
TURK. I?7— Nice nur.ny rooms from f5. H and
r>i; rooms for men and wives. JXQtIO per mo.
TURK. C2>— One room; sun all day; bath, gas;
17 niontb-
VALENCIA. 117— A ntee sunny front room.
VAN NEPS ay*.. 4C2— Nicely furnished runny
rocm with or without board; reasonable.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubrcriptlcn* has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-r*cond and Ken-
tucky »ts. Open till 9 p. m.
A~BRANCH office for Cmll adrertlsements aid
rcbnrHrtlf • . has been established at 10* Va-
lencln ri. ■
M.UIM. MACIIIXnS AMI 6UITLIES.
f2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bonrjit. sold;
marhin« tari''»«^ l«t Sixth, phone Mint 41.
ALL kmd» pourht. »old. exchanged, rented; re-
•MOrlisc at lowest rat**. a* Tonrtb aC , ,
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— young American. man end wife,
without children, one large furnished room.
with two closets. Box 1168, Call office. __
WANTED Three nicely furnished room* for
housekeeping by irentlrrnan and wife; north
Of Market. Box 1835. Call of flee.
BOARD wanted-In private family for a week
or 10 days for hunting where there »• plenty
of game for party of 3or 4. within ,2o9 mil" of
city; give particulars. Box 1862. Call office. _
GENTLEMAN want* half bedroom to share
with another. Box 1224. Call.
STOUAcIs AND WAREHOI -1 v
; A1 , X rinhcm r smith prop..
722 Mission: pood* guaranteed; tel. Clay 23.
PIERCE-r.OPOL.ru Storage and Moving Co.
Office. 4<>l Post »t.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 8.11.
TO LEASE.
TO leaser-Small chicken ranch: complete,; beat
of • --.. a! r ■ -»».. 933 Market St.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 78e; guaranteed 2 year*.
The Hoy Jewelry and Optical Co.. MO Kearny.
I)I\IUKM> NOTICES.
E>TviDEND^noTlc«— Dividend No. 09 (fifty cents
per share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP
COMPANY, will be payable at the office of
the comoany. 3?7 Market at., on and after
FRIDAY Perember 1. IMS. Transfer books
will close on SATURDAY. November 25. IS3»,
at II o'clock m
H. n. SHELDON. Secretary
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AI.AMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$3900 WILL, buy choice new house of 9 rooms.
1340T a house of ' room*, Dow building. Cn.ll
en Jcb. Buena Vista, and Willow, or J. 11.
YOUNG. 1243 Park »t.
A HOME. . ,
Bend description, condition and location: I
will Bad you ooe. G. R. DENKE SR.. 1400
Webfter St.. Alameda.
ALA3IEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for Indies In delicate health; large
rroundu: private. MRS. I'll FTNICE. 141S »th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
lIERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
$1000— GOOD south front lot: pared street: east
of Fulton, between Pwight way and Univer-
sity. O. G. MAY & CO.
$1000— &-ROOM cottage. 2 blocks from depot:
must be sold; worth $1000; a «nap. O. G. MAY
& CO.
$S7s— Nice, sightly, south front lot s<htl3o; paved
street, near station and University. O. O.
MAY &. CO.
|£,0 — Good south front lot. 50x130; near station
and University. O. O. MAY & CO.
$IO— NEW, modern 6-room cottage, near sta-
tion: ajiy reasonable terms; like laying r^nt.
O. O. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center ft.. Berkeley.
JCA— WORTH $1900: street work all done: finest
lots In Berkeley: must sell: one block to
Berkeley l»»ca.l train. IV. C MOHAN.
$1500—5 LARGE rooms; lot 40x100: basement all
floored; batik loaned IISOO on this property;
$300 cash, balance $10 per month. W. »'-
MOHAN.
$1200— WORTH $2000; r vim cottage and 3 lots,
40x127 each: one a corner: $2flO cash, balance
$13 per month. W. C KORAN.
$37*.0— 9 LARGE rooms, near the University and
In a nne neighborhood: see It. W. C. MOHAN.
Lorln Station. Berkeley.
FOR Bale— A bargain; grocery store, stock and
fixtures: lot C>/xISS: on Shattuck are., Berke-
ley. GEORGE SCHMIDT. Schmidt Block.
Berkeley.
60 LOTS In Berkeley cut for a Quick sale, E.
E. BUNCE. *08 Broadway. Oakland.
MUST be. sold— Nice, residence, ef 9 rooms; all
rrvjdern; fine location: barn, tank and tank-
house; large grounds; beautifully laid out;
a fAcrlflce; make offer. Owner, box 1207. Call.
I ELEGANT 9-room colonial homes adjacent
University of Cal.: Just completed: porcelain
bath; tlnlshed In natural wood: all modern
conveniences: sunny ft £!»*<• terms If de-
sired. M. L. WIHTS. 17th & B'way. Oakland.
C C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General _.n 1
Agent. K« Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— Oirner lot b'xlSO. with modern
house, of 9 rooms.
FRUITY ALE ADVERTISEMENTS
HUITV4LI". REAL -jTATE.
FRUITA'ALE.
SNAPS SNAPS. FNAPS.
4 ACRE IX>TS 'i ACRE LOTS.
We have C or 7 of those choice H acre lots
left They are only seven minutes from th«
ptatlon; hl^h: p<x>d coll; excellent location;
splendid neighborhood. We wish to close out
Uie balance this week; come quick. We can
tell you from $4iV) up.
ICO— lOvxS/O choice residence lot; best part
of Krullvalc.
$1(CO— $14 per month; 4 rooms; b\g ba««ment;
well and pump: completely fenced; graded
street; ce;n*-nt walks: 2 blocks from cars; lot
DOxliO; very easy terms.
11X0— *14 ;x»r m<^nth; I rooms; large lot; ex-
etllerit locution; has Its own water suj-ply.
$L2uO— sl6 Ui per month: C rooms; bath; well
anJ pump; lot 15x150; t blocks from cars.
$1500— %T) per month: 9 rooms; high basement;
large Lam; well and pump; corner lot MxlM;
fine grove of trees In front of this placo; fruit
trees m the property; can give lOu feet front
If desired.
$210 uj>: any terms you want: choice lota In
FruUvale; home close to the station; come S
to 10 minutes' walk.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY. In
koM to the ctatlon; dome 5
mlnutva' walk.
THE ::.T>iN-r; roMTANT.
FrultvaJe office half a block from Frultvalo
station. City office. 2T2 Sansome St.. room 2,
any day after Monday, in the afternoons.
Till HOME BUILT>ING COMPANY.
!'."i:i:UT SLAUGHTER. President.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1000— WILL s-Il 3 cottages, all for $1000; rented
$1S menth. ALDEN CO.. Ult Broadway.
$IIiO— COTTAGE, r, rooms and 2 extra In bnne-
mer.t. stable, etc.; center of Oakland; re-
duced from ill:-). ALDEN CO.. Uli Broad-
way.
$20CO— CHICKEN ranch: 4 acr*s; all complete
and paying: adjoins Oakland. ALDEN CO..
UIS Broadway.
$10,000 TO loan. 7H per cent; also $im>o on fur-
niture, planes, etc.; 1 per cent month. AL-
DEN CO.. 1118 Broadway.
Z NICELY furnished rooms; rent housekeep-
>ng. ALDEN CO.. HIS Broadway.
$roo ~" "
Is Fmall price for a $4SOO house: think of ft:
7-room houre. with modern Improvements;
Al location and surroundings; close to schools
car*, etc; lot 40x123; get particulars. J. S.
MYERS. lOCS Broadway. Oakland.
t27OO~ORIGINAL cost $4:^o.
"An evintful chance"; 7-room house, bnth.
i«. m xlorn plumbing; stable; fine location;
commanding appearance; close to schools,
train, etc. : one seldom drops on to such a
bargain; first me. first served. J. 8
MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
RENT— A large list of ranches. B. B. BUNCE,
'.<(<% Broadway. Oakland.
ACRE TRACTS.
Stock and grain ranches for sals on »«fj
t*rm»: 3b page catalogue of homes. El E.
BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
iIJOO— ONLY $500 cash, will secure a larri
modern home of 9 rooms; corner; lot Cxl2o'
overlooking Lake MerrtU. J. S. JOHNSON
i 72 Broadway. •
$35— FOR rent; modern house. 9 rooms; fur-
nished: well located; will lease for year J
B. JOHNSON. 972 Broadway.
ONLY $200; lot 6Cx125; half block from Fruit-
vale, uv«.; near local trains: terms to suit
this is a bargain. 11. W. DAVIS, room si
MX Broadway. Oakland.
A- $lO CASH. $6 monthly till paid: chicken run
50xH.6 feet: price, all told. $li*0; level land
sandy loam. 8 to 7 feet deep; no adobe; plent)
of good water: site and climate superb- nc
cold winds or fogs here, build your home oi
we will build for you; stop paying rent: neaj
«lectric cars and 90-foot- wide boulevard- noi
far from a fine school; Westall tract adjoin-
Ing East Oakland: rail or send for circulars
4U Seventh St.. near cor. Broadway. Oakland
_ carriage, free. HENRY 2. JONES. Owner.
« KLUOANT houses In course of constructor
on SJd rt.. bet. Grove and West; 2 completed
all modern Improvements; street work side-
walks done: small payment down: b'«la'nc<
monthly If desired: house* open for lr.«r>ectl«t
10 to 4 Sundays. .1 it SIMPSON. MB 20th st
OAKLAND Him, -vis
FRANKLIN. 703-8 or 4 rooms to let cheap
partly furnished. v
BS^^ •-— = _ =
OAKLAND FURXITPRE for SALE,
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. tha
furniture dealer, lltn and Franklin. Oakland.
THE SAN Fit AN CISCO CALL,, SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 20, 1899.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADlES— Chlcbester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are the be*t, safe, reliable; take no other;
•end 4c stamps (or particulars. "Relief for
Ladles." In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phllf del.. Pa.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened. II up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 31? *niird.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montrnmery ft., rooms 9-10: tel. K2ol
LEGAL AUVISKTISIOMIi.VI'!*.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ban Francisco. State of California.— ln the
matter of Occidental Beet Sugar Company, a
corporation, upon its application for a Judg-
ment of dissolution.— Notice No. 70,421.
Notice In hereby Riven that OCCIDENTAL
BEET SUGAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganized and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hav-
ing its office and place of business In the city
and county of Ban Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, has filed a verified application ad-
drented to the Superior Court of the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
which application Is signed by a majority of
the Board of Directors, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December 22nd. 1839. at 10 o'clock
a. m.. at the courtroom of said court. De-
partment Number Two. In the City Hall of
the City and County of Fun Francisco, have
been appointed a.« the day, time and place for
the hearing: of Fald application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the offleUl s»al of said Su-
perior Court, this 2Cth day of November. 1599.
[Seal] \VM A. DBANK. Clerk.
By JOSEPH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Endorsed: Filed November 20. IS!*. WM.
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH UIORDAN,
Deputy Clerk. -
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
j Antonio Campana and Teresa Glonettl 23-19
George L. Tlnici-trom and Emma L. King.. .25-24
Michael J. Parry and Ellen J. White 32-32
Mark J. Lewis and Honora A. Lath ■->•.. 25-22
Thomas J. Hynes and Julia J. Drlscoll . .. 4' -■>
I Wilfred C. Keener and Violet Armstrong...27-19
I Beth W. Cllsby and Ethel C. Becht 26-21
Fred 11. Smith and Charlotte A. Tobin 23-1*
Henry Nessler and Bertlne Johnson 86-32
Joseph K. Foster and Maude N. Drumetl... 29-24
Reginald H. Corbett and Mary H«nder*on..32-28
[ Joao S. Luis and Maria P. F-rreim 27-20
" BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ~
Birth, marriage and death notice* sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and bo
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the tame published.
BORN.
BASS— In this city. November £2. 1899. to the
wife of Joseph F. P.ass. a son.
BOGART— In this city. November 24, 1899. to
the wife of S. B. Bogart. a son.
BURNS— In this city. November 16. 1893. to the
wife of Joseph Burns, a daughter.
DALY— In this city. November 11. 1I». to the
I - ' -.-■: '• r r is-, a pon.
ART— In this city. November 24. 1899. to
wife of P. TV 15. .part, ft * :i.
\s in this dtjr, November i«. 1889. to the
>• of Joseph Burns, a daughter.
V— in this city. November U. IWI, to the
wife of John W. Daly, a daughter.
GORMAN— In this city. November 20, 1899, to
the wife Of P. H. Gorman, a son.
GUENTHER— In Gelsa, Base Weimar. Ger-
many. October 19. ISA to the wife of Charles
Quenther. a son.
KENNEDY— In this city. November 13. I«S9. to
the wife of Thomas Kennedy, a daughter.
KNAPP— In this city. November 20. 1599. to the
wife of J. B. Knaj.p. a eon. (Placer County
papers please copy.)
LESLIE— In this city. November 22. 1599. to the
wife of S. A. Leslie, a daughter.
If J. B. this city. November 19. County
plea.«e copy >
UK In thlF dty, November 22. ISM. to th«
A. Iycslle. a daughter.
in this rity, November 19, 1599. to
the wife of J. J. McElroy. a eon.
MENGEL— In this city. November 16, 16W, to
the wife of A. L. Mengel. ■ daughter.
TAMMANY— In this city. November 14. 1395. to
the wife of Peter Tammany, a son.
TILDEN— In Berkeley, November 25. 1899. to
the wife of George S. Tllden, a son.
THOMSON— In this city. November 15. IW3. to
the wife of Goorge S. Thomson, a daughter.
MARRIED^ ~~
Eln this city. November 16. I'" 1 " 1 , to
mfc of • ■ j .'außhtrr.
MARRIED.
DEALY— HEAVES— In this city, November 25.
1«?9. by the Rev. Edgar J. Lion of St. Steph-
en's Churoh. George L. Dealy and Edna E.
UewM, both of San Francisco.
DE CUNHA— UEUSTAD—In this city. Novem-
ber 7. i-' r '. by the Rev. O. Groensberg.
Thomas de Cunbm and Bessie Herstad.
FAZACKERLEY— KUGELBERG— In this city.
November 21, UM, at tiacred Heart Church,
by the Rev. Father John Cullen. Robert K.
Faxa. k.-il-'v and Marie Louise Kugelberg,
both of San Francisco.
HANSEN— MONTGOMERY— In this city. No-
vember 12. 1899. by the Rev. O. Grwnsberg.
Charley llannen and Anna Montgomery.
MAHONEY— SULLIVAN— In South San Fran-
cisco. November 19. 1899, at All HaJlows'
Church, by the Rev. Father Sullivan. John
D Ma honey and Annie J. Sullivan, both of
South San Francisco.
SIMPSON- BRADY— In this city. November 16.
I**9. by the Rev. Father Hartley. Thomas A.
Hlmrson and Annie IS. Brady, both of Ban
Francisco.
SOMMERS— MI. KAN— In Stockton. November
6, ISaa. by the Rev. D. D. Lundey. Harry bum-
mers and Effle McLean.
SORENSEN— CARLSON— In this city. Novem-
ber 22. 1533. by the Rev. O. (}ro*nsberK, Akael
S-«ren6en and Henrietta Alvlna Carlson.
died!
Baecns. Adelaide John«en. Margaret
Berwla. Manuel P. Kelly. Margaret
Carey. Michael KnLkauer, Morrla
Chiistensen. Emma Kruse. Martin
Coqueugnlot, Kate J. Llndgren, August
Dunne. Metvta McCoy, Hannah
Kills. Lulu H. MiLher. Su-aii G.
Finnine. James Mullen. J. Frank
Foreyth. Elijah Rettlg. Ralph E.
Gaftney, James Rockwell. Alice W.
Gallagher. Cathetin« Ryan. Mamie E.
Gatsner. Alfred J. Scheuer. Jacob
Hlgrlns. Cella A. Schulz, Lena
J«-i.»«n. Johanna Stuckey, Charles J.
BACCUS— In this city. November 24. 1539. Ade-
laide, belovM wife of John B. Hacrus. an.i
mother of William c . Charles S. and H. D.
Rogers. Mrs. C. M. Peek. Mrs. J. E. Gilbert
and John, George and Ella Baccus, a native
of New York City, N. V.. at-- 1 61 years 1
month and 6 days. (Lake County papers
please copy.)
'ineral and Interment strictly private.
BERWIN— this city. November 25, 1599.
Manuel P., beloved husband of Carrie Ber-
win. San of the late Plncus B»rwln. and
brother of Mrs. J. EL Morton and Bertha.
Rose. Samuel. Martin and Robert Dei Win. a
native of San Francisco, aged 38 years 1
month and 9 days.
CAREY— In this city. November 24, 1599. Mich-
ael Carey, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 73 years.
C.v' Friend* and acquaintances ar<e respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at - o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son. 1057 Mission street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for serv-
ices. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CHRISTENSEN— In thin city. November 24.
1&99, Emma Chrtstensen, beloved wife of M.
•••is-. ti, and mother of Ida and Thorvald
llsnsrn. a native of Denmark, aged 32
years 1 month and 2 days.
Z.T Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
11. P. Peter»en A Co.. 22S McAllister street.
Interment Odd Follows* Cemetery.
EUONIOT— In this city. November 22,
ISS9, Kate J. Coqueugnlot. beloved wife if G.
Coqueugnlot. and mother of Josephine, Ar-
thur and Henry Coqueugnlot, a native of Son
Francisco, aged 80 years 11 months and 13
days.
JU7Fr!rnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
.IS. I'-au. 305 Montgomery avenue, thence
to French Church of Notre Dame dcs Vlc-
totrrfl. Bush street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DUNNE— In AJvlso. November 11. ISM, Mel-
vln. dearly beloved ton of William J. and
Florence Martin Dunne, aged 2 months and S
days.
ELLIS— In this city. November 24. 1599. Lulu
Howard, beloved daughter of Charles 11. and
the late Julia A. Ellis, sister of Edna May
and Julia A. mils, and granddaughter of Mrs.
Adelaine and the late John 8. Klapprlsch, a
native of Kan Francisco, aged £1 years and 3
months.
(C7Ftlcn4s and acquaintances an» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 33 Lafayette street, between Mission
and Howard. Eleventh and Twelfth. thenc«
to the Church of the Advent, where services
will be held at 2:30 o'clock. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
MEMBERS of the Ladle** Aid Society No. 3
are requested to attend the funeral of our
late sister. Lulu Ellis.
JULIA DUHBM. President.
ESTER DUNN. Secretary.
FINNING— In this city, November 23. 15 M.
James, beloved eon of Michael and the late
Catherine Finning, a native of Caltfornlu.
at ed 44 yean.
fETFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 632 Dolores street, thence to St. James
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated .for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
FORSYTII— this oity. November 24. 18»
Elijah, husband of Eliza Forsyth. and father
of Edith Forsyth. a native of Halifax. Nova
Scotia, aged 5$ yearn and 10 months.
BlT'Frl'-nds and acquaintances and members
of Yerba. Buens, Lodge No 14. A. O. U. W.,
■re respectfully Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co.. 118 Geary
Ftroet. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GAFFNEY— In Agntws, Col.. November 24
18W. James, beloved husband of the late
Elizabeth Gaffney. and brother-in-law of
Thomas McDonough. a native of the parish
of Boyle, County Roiconmon, Ireland, aged
S6 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
KENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flnnnag»n A Gall%«h<tr). •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
tO Fifth St., opposite Lincoln .School,
' Telephone South SO.
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. II Eddy street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at ■
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In San Leandro. November 25.
18&9. Catherine, beloved wife of the late Ed-
ward Gallagher, a native of County Leltrlm.
Ireland. aged 64 years.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence near San Leandro thence to the Catho-
lic Church, where services will be held for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland.
GASSNER— In this city. November 25. ISM.
Alfred Joseph Gassner. beloved son of Joseph
and Christine Gassner and brother of Anita
Oassner. a native of Ban Francisco, aged 6
years 10 months and 4 days.
HIGGINS— In Oakland. November 25. ISM. Cella
A., widow of the late Captain Ellsha Hlg-
gin«, a native of Boston, aged 65 years 6
months and 25 dais.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
November 28, at 11 o'clock, from the First
Baptist Church, corner Fourteenth and Brush
streets. Oakland. Interment private.
JENSEN— In this city. November 23, 1899. Jo-
hanna Jensen, dearly beloved wife of Albert
Jensen, a native of Norway, aped 52 years.
JOHNSEN— this city. November 24, 1599.
Marguret Johnsen. beloved mother of Albert
Talen. a native of Clogjordan. County Tip-
perary. Ireland.
Frknd3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from tier late resi-
dence. 395 Ninth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. November 14. 1899. Mar-
garet, beloved wife of James J. Kelly, mother
of Ruth and James Kelly, and sister of Rob-
ert and Katie Kenney and Mrs. J. J. Swan-
•on. a native of San Francisco. aged 24 years.
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to .attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock from her late resi-
dence. l Plxiey street off Buchanan, between
Filbert and Greenwich, thence to St. Rrlgtd's
Church, where services will be held at 1
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KRAKAUER— In this city, November 25. 1599.
Morris Krakauer, a native of Germany, aged
65 years.
KRUSE— In this city November 24. IBM. Martin
Kruse. beloved father of Mrs. F. C. Bordner.
I and brother of J. H. Kiuse. a native of
Bremen. Germany aped 60 years 5 months
And 4 days, a member of Harmony Lodge
No. 9. A. O. U. W.
ETFrlends and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully lnvltod to attend the funeral 6 months
4 days, a member of Harmony Lodge
9. A. <). T". w
TFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
y Invited to attend the funeral thla day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Thto. Dlerks. •:: Ml— street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARMONY Lodge No. 9. A O. U. W.— Officers
and members are requested to assemble this
day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at 957 Mission
street, to pay the last tribute of respect to
our deceased brother, Martin Kruse.
M CLEARY. M. W.
D. McSWEENEY. Recorder.
LINDGItEN— In this city. November 25. Ms,
August Llndgren. beloved husband of Anna
Llndrren. and father of Olga. Gustav. Carl
and Henry Llndgren, a native of Sweden,
aged 46 years 9 months and IS days.
(GTRemalns at the parlors of H. P. Peter-
sen & Co.. m McAllister street.
McCOY— In this city. November -•. IS9J. ITan-
nah. dearly beloved wife of Patrick McCoy,
mother of Thomas. Michael. ha, Patrick
an.l LilUe McCoy. Mrs. .1 septa Rolch and the
late Mrs. Mary O'Donnell, and sister of Mrs.
Mary Morlarty, a native of Cahlrclveen.
County Kerry. Irvland. aged 53 years 11
months and 21 days. (Connecticut papers
please ccpy.)
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late rest-
dence. 1324 Filbert nrevt. thence to St. Brid-
get's Church for cervices at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MAIIEK— In this city. November 25. 1599. Susan
Gertrude, beloved daughter of James H. and
Susie Maher, sister of Thomas F., Charles
8.. Mary Beery an.i John K. Maner. grand-
daughter of Mrs. Susan Campbell, ana niece
of Mrs. Parsons. Mrs. Fitzgerald an.l Bernard
M.Hugh, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 2
years 9 months and 23 days. (New York pa-
pers please copy.)
C7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MULLEN In Santa Cruz. November 24. 1833.
J. Frank Mullen, beloved husband of I^nura
Mullen, and father of Gladys L. Mullen, a
native of California, aged 26 years.
C7Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 4 o'clock, from the chapel at
press Uwn Cemetery.
RETTIO— Ia Oakland. November 24. 1893. Ralph
Karl, beloved son of William and Olivia Ret-
tlg. a native of Oakland, aged 5 years 9
months and 17 days.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of the parents. 1161 Eighth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
ROCKWELL— In this city. November 25. 1539.
Alice W.. Infant Mountain of Mr. and Mrs.
ii\YKLL-ln this city. November U,
- W . Infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
R. O. Rockwell, aged 12 days.
RYAN— In this city. November 24. 1899. Mamie
B . beloved daughter of John and Mary Ryan,
and sister of Lizzie, Maggie. Laura, Thomas
and the late Katie M. Ryan, a native of Al-
varado. Cal., aged 2& years. (San Jose papers
please copy.)
ITT" Friends and acquaintances ore respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of James McMenomey & Son. 1051 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Paul's Church for
services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BCHEUBR— Ia this city. November 21. 1893,
Jacob, beloved husband of Louise Scheuer,
and father of Bertha, Emma. Rosle and Rob-
ert Scheuer. a native of I!ay»-rn. Germany,
aged 43 years 5 months and 14 days. A mem-
ber of Court Hubertus No. 15. F. of A., and
Brewrrs' Union.
t^Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to nttend the funeral this day
Sunday), at 2 o'clock from his late resi-
dence. 102 Arlington street, corner of Miguel.
Intermf-nt Mount Olivet Cemetery, fin elec-
tric funeral rar from Chenery and Miguel
streets at 2:30 o'clock. Please omit flowers.
BCHULJB -In this city. November 24. UM, I>*na.
beloved wife of Henry Schulz, and mother of
Henry and Louisa Schulz, a native of Baden,
Germany, aged 30 years 7 months and IS
days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
ftreet. where services will be held. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
STUCKEY— la this city. November 22. 1893.
Charles James, beloved husband of Elllnor
Stuckey. a native of Wales, aged 33 years and
4 days.
CLTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Doric Lodge No. 216,
F. and A. M Interment Masonic Cemetery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
J M Darr. Chicago J J Crooks, Pan Rafael
J Player, Tonrka J F Burke, San Rafael
V G Nevln. Los Ana; P R Jarboe. 8 Rafael
C A Carpenter, Chcgo A Mouen. Belgium
J X Hitchcock, L Auk II Abbott, N V
\V W Chapln. Sacto C Dobblesteln. Cal
Count 8 de Carets, Prs C grape, Mcx
Count J de Carets, I'm \V MacLymont. Fresno
<; ii Whitman. NY CM Hunter. Chicago
DC Wegleln. N T Mrs Steengrape. Mcx
Rev <; B Taylor. Va Mrs Hunter. Chicago
Dr J 8 Taylor. N S NO Llppman. Phlladel
]i H KJrchKriff. L Ang Mrs Robinson. Kngld
Mrs Klrchkoff. L Ann Mlsa Robinson. Englnd
J F Lelghton. S Louis E E Smith, N V
W G Robinson, Engld E II Belcher, Boston
Abbott Koblnson. Eng H R Gross, Australia
Mrs Abbott Robinson, J H McNulty. N V
England Mrs J H McNulty. N V
E Chambers. Loa An* J C Smith. N Mllwk-
J Robinson, En*ld E II Belcher. Boston
att R..liln*.in. lCng E R Gross, Australia
Abbott Robinson. J H McNulty. N V
island Mrs J H McNtUty, N T
bambers, I.os Ang ;J C Grtfrtths, Miiwk-
H B Hollyday, DC C P Breslan. San Jo*e
F W ITISSaI Bac J O Rels. Contra Costa
A Simons. Louisville Mrs Rein. Contra Csta
Mrs Simons. Loulsvlle B W Roscoe, N V
Capt J c Read. 0 8 A 'Mm B \V Roscoe. N V
F <) Carmack, S Louis I K Kraft. Chicago
j D Nicker son, N V jw o Ebbs. N V
R D Emerson. Stanfrd W Robinson. Mich
II T Polndexter, C Ck F A Kenny, Portland
A S Johnson. N O
GRAND HOTEL.
T C Bnlder. Broderlck C i: Newcomer, N Me*
O T Tayte, Sacto L Thompson, Vallejo
G Parks & w. |Vr J J Cunningham & w.
II W Davis. AuDurn Vallejo
J A Spencer, Auburn !E! E S Albright Aw. Or
C W Dickey, Honolulu II Eminelln. Kolowns
E F Wright. Auburn F Cowes, USA
J Aronson. Brooklyn F Engart. Cal
O H Neely, Cal Mr & Mrs Jerome. Ca!
\V McDonald. Vallejo II Hallett * w. Cal
E M Freeman. kid Miss A H Dougherty,
L Goodwin. Sacto I.lvermore
Dr T Tebbets. Sacto A J Holcomb. Cal
J B Dougherty. Cal A W Stuart. Courtland
N R Felge. i ;l1 R James. Los Ang
II B Russell, Caj c Overacker. Niies
M Robinson, Cal F E Beatty. Ind
A \V Stuart. Courtland Mrs E L Rudolph. Cal
G Pacheco. Ignaclo II L Frost. San Matec
C E Glllls. Belmont A Korb. Cincinnati
X C GHlls. Belmont :J: J J Justice. New York
H L White. N York R T Wheeler. Stktn
C W Jackson. Dawson Mrs McCormlck, stktr
J S Slnsaburgh. Cal E A Smith. N York
O V Woodward. NY .1 Kullman. Benlcla
8 R Drury. Los Ang M F Doe. Crockett
F 1" Kharkey. M York D C Browncll, Skagwj
W E Schulxc & w. 11l J W Long. Skagway
L Schulz*. Chicago II Hcllbron. Sacto
C T Klngsley. Tucson H Seymour. Sacto
F M Kraus, Mo Mrs M Coburn, Juneat
•VV Rohmy, Gtlroy Mrs O M Greenleaf,
A E Casserly, Chicago Spokane
8 Hubba & w. Chicago
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W. A. Meeker. NY II 8 Martin. N V
Dr C II Ball. Chicago J W Moore. N V
C Nelson. San Diego P Levins. Vallejo
J B Calkins it w. 11l P J Loch. Manila
J A Homing. Pt Costa H C Oambell. lowa
J E Pelton. Ashland .1 L Maxwell. Chlcagc
C Cross. Bacto N Cronln. Sulrun
H Wells, Alameda D F Brown. Los An*
■ E A Anderson, Sacto J C Ross, Fresno
W B Jones & w. L A H Walker. Petaluma
. » »
Summer Showers.
"Oh. let me cool my aching: brow."
The maiden murmured, and the rain.
Descending from the passing cloud,
Becan to patter on the pain.
CALIFORNIA
HORSES PUT
UP FOR SALE
Undeveloped Colts Bring Good
Prices at Madison Square
Garden.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 2S.— California trot
ters from the Palo Alto Stock Farm of
Mrs. Jane L. Stanford and the Aptos
I- arm of A. B. Spreckels, monopolized the
attention of bidders and auctioneer at the
Fasig-Tipton sale In Madison Square Gar
den to-day. They were for the most part
undeveloped youngsters, and. considering
this fact, they brought excellent prices.
One of the Palo Alto lot. the two-year
old bay lilly Wildina. by Wildnut, out of j
Orphlna. 2:17};, by Norval, 2:l4Vi. died'
shortly after entering the garden. She J
■ was a promising lilly and was entered In ;
! the JIG.OOO Kentucky futurity, to be trotted
at Lexington next year. Th© twenty-two
head sold brought %'j7ho.
Adabella. a yearling Oily by Abdell. 2:23,
i out of Sweetwater. 2:26, by Stamboul.
2:07&, brought a higher price than any
of the other young trotters in the Palo
Alto lot. This well-bred yearling was
struck oft to W. 11. Meyers of Glens
Falls, for $1500. a long price for a fllly
foaled In IH& Some or the more import
ant sales follow:
Adollla, b. c, IS»6, sold to Locust Grov*
stock farm, Lancaster, Pa.. $1010.
Elraoor. br. c, 18'jS, sold to Edward Blthers,
Ree.ivllle. Mass., 11200.
Ada Bella, b. ( sold to William H. Myers.
Glens Falls, N. V., $1600.
Malasklo, eh. f., sold to C. Moran. New York
City, IM).
Princess Laura, b. f.. 1897, sold to James
Golden. Boston. {725.
Uncle Johnny, •-':l'j'i. eh. tr-. 1894. consigned
by George K. Shaw, Holllster, Cal.. wua »old to
Carl Burr. Commack. L. 1.. for $550.
Dreyfus, br. g.. 1895. consigned by Budd
Doble A Co.. sold to George H. Smith. Buffalo,
11360.
W. W. Foote, pacer. 2:15 H. Wk. g.. IS?2. con
signed by W. C. Harrington, sold to W. H.
Janvier, New York. $500.
Grand Simmons, trotter. J:l7>4, br. h.. ISOO,
consigned by .T. F. Gibson, sold to M. Ffled
man. New York. 12300.
Dolly Scott, trotter, eh. m.. 1594, consigned
by J. A. Glb9on. sold to M. Friedman. 11230.
Donna Allenton, trotter. 2:10\, b. m., 1891.
consigned by 11. 11. Carroll, sold to J. V.
Cronln. Lexington, $C 35.
Total for sixty-four horses, $21,920.
Sloan Hides the Winner.
LONDON, Nov. 25.— At the last day's
racing of the Manchester November meet
ing to-day Lord Ellesmere's Proclamation,
ridden by Sloan, won the Manchester No
vember handicap of ISM sovereigns. In
vincible II was ■ "nd and Oppressor
finished third. There were twenty-two
starters In this event. Proclamation won
by a neck, ihe betting was 25 to 1 against
Proclamation. 4 to 1 against Invincible II
and 6 to 1 against Oppressor.
SPORTSMEN ARE SORROWFUL.
The recent decision of the Supreme Court
In the habeas corpus case of James
Knapp, tho Stanislaus County market
hunter, who was convicted of trying to
ship wild ducks out of the county In vio
lation of the ordinance, and In re
on of the ordinance, and who was re
leased by order of the higher court, was a
severe blow to many in this city interested
In the preservation of game. The ordin
ance was aimed at the market hunter,
who slaughters game by the thousands
and scare* all ••• does not kill. The argu
ment made before the Supreme. Justices
by the attorney for the petitioner was
that the law prohibiting tlie shipping ut
game out of the county was unconstitu
tional. Inasmuch as the law gives the
right to the hunter to kill. The spoils of
the chase are his to sell, eat or ship, as '■
he would any personal property of which I
he was possessed.
The fact that the Justices of the Su
preme Court directed that the prisoner be
released is regarded as evidence that they
took the same view of the matter. Their
written opinion has not been handed down
yet. and until It Is there are but few wno
wish to be quoted in any expression as to
the decision. Whatever may be the basis
of the order, similar ordinances passed in
many counties will be made Invalid in
.ny counties will be made Invalid by
the higher tribunal. The counties whose
Hoards of Supervisors have passed or
dinances prohibiting the shipping of game
are Alame.ia, Humboldt, Kern, Los An
geles. Marin. Monterey, Riverside, San
Benlto, Ban Bernardino. San Diego, Fan
Joaquln, Stanislaus, Sonoma and Tulare.
There Is gloom In the ofllce of the Stato
Game and Fish Commission, the ofllcera
of which are striving on all occasions to
draw the protection of the law closer
around the wild game of the State. Cr.m
mlssloner Gould stated that he had no ad
verse criticism to make of the order of the
court, which he considers legal and Just.
The regret Is that the case should have
ever been taken up there for a decision,
which surely will give the market hunter
full swing to slaughter at will. Commis
sioner Vogelsang takes the pame view of
tho case. He Is waiting with interest for
the written opinion to learn same view of
cap--. He Is waiting with Interest f>r
written opinion to learn just how fir
reaching the decision will go toward over
throwing the anti-game shipping ordin
ances of the other counties, and If It Is
the constitutionality of the order or some
other ground upon which the discharge of
Knapp was directed.
RECOMPENSE FOR BOXERS.
The consensus of opinion yesterday
among the men who attended the exhibi
tion of the National Athletic Club on
Friday night was that seldom In the his
tory of boxing In this city had so satis
factory a night's sport been seen. The
principals were about yesterday but little
the worse for the buffeting they with
stood the previous evening. The gate re
ceipts were the largest in many months.
the total being about $5200. Of this Nelll
received about JISOO and Green 1000, while
$300 went to the men In the preliminary.
Kid Parker, who has been defeating
men In and out of his class In Denver,
Is expected here Tuesday. He Is matched
to meet Turner, the colored wonder, early
In December. The preliminary will be be
tween Willie Colo and Clarence Ritchie
of Chicago. Cole has to his cr«»dlt a deci
sion over Jimmy Anthony, the Australian
bantam-weight.
• ♦ »
For More Sports See Page Twelve.
Baseball at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 25.— Santa Cruz
proved an easy mark for Sacramento to
day. The game was called at the end of
the seventh inning on account of dark
ness. The locals batted Andrews around
as they pleased. The weather was raw
and tho crowd small. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. Sn. PO. A. E.
Mclaughlin. I. f 4 2 2 0 I 0 0
Harvey, r. f 4 2 2 0 0 0 0
Menef»e. 1 b 4 110 3 0 0
Kagan. a. b 6 3 3 0 10 0
Stanley, c 6 2 10 8 0 0
Doyle, p 6 0 10 2 2 0
Phanahan. c. f 4 2 10 2 0 0
Sheehan. 3 b 4 12 0 2 0 0
Stutz. 2 b 4 2 3 1110
Totals 39 13 16 1 21 1 "o
6 A A CRUZ.
AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
Derereaux. Sb 2 1 0 0 0 0 1
Babbitt, s. B 4 12 0 12 1
Drennan. c. f 4 0 2 14 0 0
Clark. 1 b 4 0 10 5 0 ' 3
I>alrymple. I. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Morrow, c 3 0 2 0 5 0 0
Andrews, p 3 0 0 0 0 | r>
Bias*!!. 2 b 3 0 10 0 1 ■ :-: 2
Thomas, r. f S 0 0 0 4 0 1
Totals 30 2 9 1 21 1 1
KINS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 4 3 0 0 2 4 2—15
Base hits 3 4 10 14 2—15
Santa Cruz 0 0 10 0 0 I—2
Base hits 0 2 2 2 111—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible -Andrews, 5. Two-base
hits— Mc T-4»ughllnT -4»ughlln (2). Stanley. Shanahan Har
vey (2). Ensfan. Sacrifice hit— Sheehan ' First
base on errors— Sacramento. 6. First base on
called balls— Sacramento. 3; Santa "Cruz 2
Left on bases— Sacramento. 8; Pnnta Cruz' 9*
Struck out- By Doyle. 8: by Andrew*. 2 Hit
by pitcher-Harvey. Wild pitch-Andrews.
Time of game— 1 hour and 30 minutes. Umpire
— CConnell. Scorer— A. Grirfln. ™- !™
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I/3808. Nov 25, 10 p m— Weather
thick: wind NE. Telocity 12 mile.. "* lunar
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK-Sall-d Nov 24-Shlp Busque
hanna, for San Francisco* ««*ue-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Nineteen.
SAILED.
Saturday, November Is.
Schr J G Wall, BJornstrom. Eureka.
Schr Mary Huhne, Weber. Eureka.
Schr Bculah, Mitchell. Wlllapa Harbor.
Mez echr Haul. Pena. La Paz.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT LUDLOW—Sailed Nov 25— Brig Court
ney Ford, for Ban Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND—Arrived Nor Jo— Ship
Occidental, from Honolulu.
EUREKA—Arrived Nov »-Stmr Wentport.
h-nce Nov 23; stmr F*ulton. hence Nov 22; schr
Monterey, hence Nov 23; schr Kortuna. h«nee
Nov 23.
Sailed Nov 21—Stmr. Samoa, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Weeott. for San Francisco: stmr
North Fork, for San Francisco; stmr Navarro.
for San Francisco: stmr Tlllamook. for San
Francisco; »tmr Laguna. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO—Sailed Nov 25— Schr Lucy, for
Umpqna.
CASPAR—SaiIed Nor 25— Stmr Cleon*. for
San Francisco.
HUENEME—SaiIed Nor 14—Schr Laura Pike.
for Eureka.
COOS BAY—Arrived Nov 25-Stmr Empire,
hence Nov 23.
VENTURA— Arrived Nor Stmr Ceo Loo
mis. hence Nov 23.
Sailed Nov 2S—Stmr Geo L..0m1». for San
Francisco.
POUT OAMBLE— Sailed N,.v 25— Schr Meteor.
for San P*-dro.
FORHIGN PORTS.
KINSALE— Passed Nov 24— Mr ship Benares.
hence July IS. for Qaasjßstown; Hr bark Bma
aels, hence May IS. for Falmouth.
QUEENSTOWN—Arrived Nov 24— Pr ship
Benarett. hence July IS.
Sailed Nov 24—Br ship Flintshire, for Hull.
YOKOHAMA — Sailed Nov 25 — Jap stmr
America Mam, for San Francisco, via Hono
lulu.
NANAlMO—Arrived Nor 24— Br atmr Robert
Adamson, from San Diego.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HAVRE—Arrived Nov 25— mr La Gancogne.
from New York (not previously).
NEW YORK—Sailed Nov 25—Stmr Menoml
aae. for London; stmr Ktrurla, for Liverpool:
stmr Maasdam, for Rotterdam; stmr Pennsyl
vania, for Hamburg, via Plymouth: stmr
Werra. for Naples, etc; itmr Anchorla, for
Glasgow.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Nov 25 - Stmr
Koenlpen Louise, from New York, for Bremen.
LIVEItPOOL— Arrived Nov 25—Stmr Penn
land, from Philadelphia.
GENOA—Arrived No* 25— Stmr Kaiser Wll
helm 11. from New York, via Naples.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived previous to Nor 25—
Stmr Empress of Japan, from Vancouver, for
Hongkong; stmr Hongkong Man. from Fan
Francisco, via Honolulu, f.ir Hongkong.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
3»w Steamers leave Broadway
WJljl^^ wharf. San Francisco:
jMl^aßMfc For Alaskan ports. 10 am..
jgSfijCjJ*!*, Nov. 22. 27. l.>«?c. 2. change at
jgW^S^^.l For Victoria. Vanc-.uve-
' BauaßU lI! C). }'" TownsTM. Se-
I'^^^BHHfi "'tie. Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New V'hatcom.
(Wash.). 10 a. m . Nov, 22.
27. Dec. 2 and every fifth
day thereafter: change at Seattle to this .m-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. H'y.; at
Tacoma to N. P. R'y.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Railway.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m.. Nor 25,
30; Dec. 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cam-
eos. Port Harford <Snn Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
n. m.. Nov. 24, 28; Dec. 2, and every fourth day
thereafter. _
For San Dlero. stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obl*po). Santa Barbara. Port
I^.s Ani;ele<« and Re.jr.ndo (Ix>s Angeles). 11
a. m.. Nov. 22. 2*. 30; Dec 4. and every fourth 1
day thereafter.
For Enawnada. Mardalena Bay. Fan Jo«» del
Cab" Mazatlan. Altata. La Pai. Santa Rosa- I
lia and Ouaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain company's
folder.
The company reserves the right to rh%nr<»
without previous notice, steamers, palling date*
and hour* << sari- -
TICKET OFFICK— New Montgomery
street (Palnee Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Hen. Art*..
10 Market st . Fan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & H. CO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMrP.S TO
From Fpenr-street Wharf at V a. m.
CADC $12 FirM Cln«« Including Bert* '
rnllC $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. 1», »
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through ticket* to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
«30 Market street.
GOODALL. PKRKINS * CO..
Superintendent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
JT.W TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0!»D0». PASII
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nor. * Ft. Louis Pec. 13
St. Louis Nor. 2? Pt. Paul Dec. 27
St. Paul Dec « New York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frlesland Nor. «> Kensington V'>r n
Bouthwark Nor. 1" Noordland Deo. a
Westernland ...Nov. 22 Frl'sland Dec. 13
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
M Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR- ]
ncr of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, an.l
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON-MARU Fnturdsy. Nor. ■
AMERirA-MARt' Thursday. Deo. 21
HONGKONG-MART' Tuesday. Jan. II
Via Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets nt reduced rates. For
freight end pannage apply nt company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
fSaaPfltmaff S B- Alameda sail*
slWallX vla Honolulu ■ and
•C**""" 1* Auckland for Bydn»y
a Wednesday. Nov. 23.
fv/ I * \ *t t p. m.
i&rMmMlinc) Tne m' 3.m '3. An-tralta
f^MIIIJIIIU 67 rails for Honolulu
tUliirA'lltp at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, rla Hawaii
Sa. .oa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.; (610 first class
I. 0. SPKECKELS & BKOS.CO.. Arts.. 114 Montcomen
P!er 7, Foot Pacific St Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAONIE OENERALE TRANSATLANTIQOK
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. . -it*.
Falling every Thursday Instead of <"- .*' .s
Saturday, from November 2. 1890. at **•"«>
10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North River, foot cf
Morton st LA NORMANDIK. Nov. IS; LA
OASCOGNE. Nov. 23: LA TOURAINE Nov.
80; LA nRETAGNE. Deo. 7 Flr*t-cla*» to
Havre. J6O and upward: 5 per cent reduction on
round trip. Rec.>nd-ola.«« to Havre. 141; R per
cent reductl. n m round trlr». GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND CANA-
DA. 12 Broadway (Hudson building). New York.
J. F. FUGAZT ft CO.. Pnclfle Coast Agents. i
Montremery are.. Fan Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer *\Montlcello."
MON.. Tues.. W«d.. Tluir;. and Sat. at ViS
a. m.. 1:15. 8.30 p. m. (ex. Thura. night). Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 1030 a. m.. I
p. m. Landlne and office. on -street Dock.
Pier No 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE ...^. too
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTHERN PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
SPOKANE. ROSSLAND.
BUTTE. HELENA. ST. PAUL.
CHICAGO. NEW YORK.
yilE ONLY LINE OPERATINO A
through tourist car from 8. F. to St. Paul.
This car la nicely upholstered In leather and
baa erery convenience of a flrnt-class Pullman.
Call on or address
T. K. STATELI'R. Gen. Agt.. «3J Market at..
San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Week Days—JO a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Sunday*—B:oo. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m
Bteam-heated. closed car on all trains.
Fare— San Francisco to Summit and luturn.
11 4U
RAILROAD TRAVXIa,
woiTTiir.nv riciric^wwjjnr.
|r*. ITU: n»rH.i
Trolna •..,. „,! nrr Uiift <• »rrlt. ait
(Main tine. Foot of Market Stress.)
tft ,i — Fnoii 2tor*x*z* 1\ Wt- — a»Ktr»
•7jOO* IJ«nicl». SiiUiuii and Sacramento.... T^f
•:■««» MarjJTille. orotill« tla Wowllaod.
ELulra. Vaca»lUeai.<l Ramaey... T»l3»>
•7:oo»Sh«U Eiprcss-DaTU Willows.
Ke.l Hlufl. Pcrtland.. .......... TiOf
•7i3u* Martlnex.t>aDl:anion.\all«;o. »«apa.
t;ali«t<>!r-»aii.l«a»ta H05a.....^.. # oil3p
•J»»ao»ThoOferUudUrj|ted-O«d«n.D«>'
»er. Omaha. Ch!car>.............. »•!»»
•Si3Oa Sa>. Jo*. Llurciore. Htoekton.
lone, PlacrrtUla.
M«rja»llle. fhlco. 1."c.1 Illult I*'***
•SiB4>* 'Milton. Oakdile and Mncra. ...... , "'i*'
••two, IliTwanls. Mlrsaad Way Htatlon*. • !•>«*.
••iiiio, AtUuti: Kiprwa-Osdeu and iMt »»:4*4
•v:o*»» Martinet, Tney. Latlirop. titocklon.
M rrr.lan.l lrtnii- 'IlilSs.
•i»io«» Pert Costa. Kresno. MoJaT* ami I^s
A • -Ipi .■••••■••••••• OMtip
•loon, V»ll J . Martin-i an.l Way tattoos •«'•*»•
•lliOO*||»jw»l». .Si. Way Stations. »U3r
•I'iiiiiiK Nil a. Llfermore. Htocltton. Haera-
mento. Memlof » llaaford. Visa Us,
Pcruitlllo • n '
tl:o«pS4craiuri.U»ltUcrH?e«nH-t» •■•• !? i? r
•3:O»r Haywarda. Nllra aod Way BUtlooa. *3ti3r
••.-■• or Maiiin-'. Hau llxrnnn. Vall»K . ._
Ksfa, i;»ll»ti.ic». ■*»»%• '•"»* •»■!»«
•4iOOr It u..ia, Vaotfllle. M»rl»ii.e.,to.
Won<lland. Knl.lit* I ■•'. Ui't. „
Marrßfllle. Orotill" '" .i*
•itnor Nile*. Kan JrM«aiidBtnek*on ••»l»»
•3:UorTbn Owl Limited— Tracy. Fresna
K&krnn>ld. hiiijiii (or banta V+t*
bara. Lea Ansrlcs. •»»•»*
•3i»Or HtocktOD. Mercc.l. Fresno •l»il»»
■B*B*)r >>*»»a, RakstsOsltl .Smut* INiltri.
l.t Ar.'Uil. l>-mli:(r. El Paso.
Ne» Orleans aad Kasl . •*»■••■«»
•DiMr H«uta r.. Ku:ii«— AtUi.tlo Eiptees
for Mojatn ami Cut ... *«i-flp.
•a:oop TJavn,tnK Nile* an.l Han J,«e «7.«-> a
fU>:i«U- Vailoji. "ÜBlltlF
••:i»i OrlenUl Mall— Ojden and Ka*» •»■•■»•*•
l7:«M»r \ali to, Port t'mU an.l Way BU- ,
tlons l»t»a*|
• li»3r Omn and California Kij ree».^.9-
r.i.iirn».>. M »r>F.-. iPe. 1>.!.1!n»%
Po.tlmi.l. r«t*l 1 at..l ►-■»* *»!!«*,
(OAST D1T1410.1 i.iarrotv (.sans)-
(loot of M.irkttatrw;!.) -
■StlsA Nenark.OntiMllle.Han Joae.r'eltoo.
Itouldrr Crrek.Maat » Cn» ami Way
HtAtluii* •tli*4*#
f3i I »r Newark. CeoterTtlle. Kan .Tnso. N»s>
Alms leu. Kclton. I". ■•■ .'«r • reek.
Hant* I'm: aril rrluclpal Way
Htatlnna 1 flo«.lwa.
•«:l.lr Newark. sin .10n... Los Oatoa ... . *Oi«O» i
511513r Ilmitrrs' Kicursion. Ma>u Jut and
Way --.«• • *7i»t»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fraaSlK raiiiCUto— r..i •> larftal suntiiu*s>—
•7:16 000 II mum. I! :; *233 Hit
•1:03 1B::3 'C::3r.>l.
fr«o UIUII- rooiifßtt.J.it. --f 00 800 lOOOtsjl
t i:c3 •!.■:: ta : c3 •: :: it:: •i-.zzr.*:
COAST IM VISION (llroad Usage).
(Thlr.l i»nd Towifemi ,St«. )
' f4|4l«A Oosaii View. Mou'.h «-.n KiaucijMxi.. |Ui3U#
*7iuw« Mll Juno ami Way Kutimia (New
Alina>l<Mi Weilneidajaonly) . •l:SDfj
• » •«. Hail Jiat. Tita I'inoa. Nnnt.4 Crux.
r 1 la* Orof*. Pa«i> RnUca. Han
I.ula < >).■.,.,.. Si f. I.ompoc and
Pdnelpal Way Htatloi.a •«ilO»
e|Oi«»« s*n .InvMi.l Way Matlnus •11:3.1*
•11-.:n>» Km .)■••- »nd Way HUM ■ •3.JUS'
t»asMr ßaa Mat-., Krtlwooil. Mr-,i.. Park.
Palo Alto, NaasaVksta, hau Jimo.
Trr* I'lnos. Haiit* Crux. Salinas.
Mntilerry ami I'arlHe (iror* •ia:3«»
f»:SOr "an.1.... «i.l V.», KlaMona "7 1 Bo si
f*il»r Han Jos* a .1 Principal Way Station* *D:I3«J
»Sta«pHaoJ Principal Way KUtiooa ttliO<»«<
•••»:3*)i- NauJoaoau.l Principal iy>i»ti.>o* •*h3. < >ai
•iS:3Opj ■*%„ Joae an.l Way Stallona t«»:4»o«,
tlli4.'.r Wmii Jcaoan.l Way Hutlnua »7::iO».
A for Momiag. I* for Afumoon.
'Daily. t Hundayeteepted. I Sunday only.
b Hatmdar oc?y.
CALIFOHXIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St,
BAN T"RANCISCrj"TTJ AN RAFAEL.
WEfiK UAY»-7:30. 9 00, 11:00 a. m. : US.
• :». 5:10. •JO p. m. Thursdays— Ei«tra tr »
* } ,'?°.P- « Saturdays— Ultra trlpa at 111
and 11 :M p. m.
BINI.AV.-s 8:C0 - »:«, 1100 a. hi.: I:**. IM.
>:00. «:20 o. m.
_, SAN RAP" AEL TO SAX rRA.fCISCO.
WEEK DAY»-«:i0. 7:SO. x. 11:10 a. m. ; it 4a,
1:40. 610 p. m Saturdays— Extra trlpa a*
1 to and C X p. m.
BVNDAYS-«:10. 9:45. 11:10 a. m. : 1:40. 1:44. 1:0 a,
(:2S d. m.
Between San Tranctaoo and Scbnotsra ParH
•ami a--h»-!'ile as above.
L**- v " Arrirs
Ban Kronelsco. In Effect Ban PVanetoea.
— — — 1 October 15. ' .
Weak . Bun- IN*. Bun- W*ak
Day*. days. Destination days. Days.
t:!0 am 3 90 am Norato. 10:40 am *:4« ara
130 pm 1:10 am Petaluma, I■*rm In 8 »ra
• :10 pm 1:00 pm Santa Rom. MS;m 4.23;.-.*
Fulton.
IM&m TVlruiaor. 10:t3 axa
Healdabiirs;.
Lytton,
Oeyaervtu»,
/Tim 1:08 am . erdals. T:B pen 1:23 s*a
fJO am Hopland and
1.-OOam Uklah. 7:13 rm in«a
T:Mam 10:3 ana
• -00 am OneTnertlls. T: as pan
tMym IBp*
40 am 1:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am i:4 Oar«O ar«
and
■dO pm 1:00 pm Glen Elian. I/.5 pm 1:33 pr»
T:SO am 1:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10: S an»
>:» pm SOP pm, 7:16 pml in pna
6taK«s connect at S^nta Ro«a for Mark W*H
fSprinira and White Sulphur Sprlnxs; at Lytton
for Lytton Sprln<^: at Qflyservtll* for Skaa;(S)
6ptinKs: at Clr.verdale for the Geysera; at llop~
land for Duncan .^l'riris;*. Highland Bprtnas.
Kels«yvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Hay. Lak»>
port and Hartlett Hprtnga; at Uktait for Vichy
ftpiinica. Barat'>ra Sprtn's. ll'.ue Lakes. Luural
X>ell Lake. Witter Sprlnic*. t,'ppe r Lake. Porno.
Potter Valley. John I 'ay'*. Riverside. Llerley'a.
"Bucknell'a. SanhMrln Helfhta. Hullvilie. Orr'a
Hot Spiin»*. Mendodno City. Fort Ura«-
Weatport. Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonrills. Cum-
■atnK a. Bell's Springs. Ham*. Glean a. Dyer,
-Bcrtla an.l Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at ra»
4uced rates.
' On Sunday round trio tickets to all points
,'berond San Rafael at half rates
Ticket Office. «0 Market at.. Chronicle bids.
31. C WIIITINO. R. X. RUN
Qer.era,. Manager Oen. Pass. Ag«at.
v J^^i jlaMi- .a.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, ninnlnc over the b*«»t rstV.
road. with t!ie highest class accommodation*.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco as
1:00 p. m
MONDAY. VXDNFBDAT. fa!D.\7 BATTIDAT.
Arrlvln ; In Chicago at IMS p. m.
raiDAT. ir.«DAT. TCtSOAT. WXDRUOAT.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
I Every day In the year Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mol«
for Denver. Kansas City. Chicago and the. East
1:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between BtocHton. Fresno. Kanford. Vlsmlla.
Tular* and Bakarafleld. furnlabea good local
train service.
San Francisco offlc*. CS Market st. ssasntaiaa
Main PI. *
Oakland offlc*. Ill) Broadway.
Sacramento office, I"l J street
Ban Jo»* ofCca. 7 Wsst Santa Hi-* strswt.
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via aVattlaUt* Parry.
Commencing October 1 it«s
FROM «AN D AN,:iSCC .TO :»U>AI«,
•jg^WjS'i z»- ™ - -« •«*,
EXTRA TIIIPS-For Mill "allsy and Baa a.
.r^r.n^^^'p.^ 0 " 4 '- — "-""-St
TraJna marked i*> nin to San Quentia.
V SA , N RAFAEL T'> SAN >RAM4S»JCa,
VEEK DATS-S'23. •« 35. 7:41. «t 40 a. ia7l
•12J0. I 16. IAO, 1 18 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays an«
Bsturday* at C 40 and 10:15 p. m
BUNDATS-«:N. «J^o. •10:00. "11 « a, m.l
•1:40. *S::5. 4:45. ««-30 p. m.
Trains marked (•» start from San Qnentln.
rROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO*
WEEK DAYS— «:4S. 1:45. 7U. Is 1. m. 1
11:36 2:35. 3:45. S 20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays) ao4
Baturdaya at 7:00 and 10:10 p. m.
BUNDAYS-8:0S. 10:06 a. m. : M. 1:15. la*.
1 1:00. 1:46 p. m.
THROUOH TRAINS.
t:0O a. ta. week daya— Casadaro and wmyttatlona,
: <X> a. m. week davs-r*asadem and way stations,
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomalaa and —ay stations,
, l; 80 a. m, buoUaja— Tcmali* and »sjr *«■»'"">,FRATERNAL NEWS.
California Coxnmandery, Knights
Templar.
California, Commander? No. l, X T.. on
the night of the 17th Jnst. conferred" the
order M the Red Cross on ten candidates.
cix being frotn Oriental, two from Cali
fornia and two from King Solomon Lodge.
This exalted and l»-autiful order was con
ft rrd In a. most Impressive manner in the
presence of a. largo number of Sir Knights
Including It. IL Lloyd. M. E. Q. M.; John
F. "M« nill. G. C; Charles L. Field. G. W.;
rldtlng Sir Knights from tho following
citimiUJde-rieM Pacific No. 3. t-an Jyse
No. 19. Oakland N<v 11. Golden Gate No
U lvi.i wrae from New York. It wu uisci
the night that Ui« Kitting oomman^vry
was ::,spected by George ft. McKw>, in
■jxretor Cor this district. After the eor.i
mandcry cloned there was an adjourn-
D r-.w to the banquet hall, where there
w;> MTve.i up a. most excellent suppi-r.
S:r John Tonulngsen wa,s tho toastmarter
and be presided with that grace and «lig
n:\y which have gained for htm the roi.u
:-i:i of being one of the be*t presiding
.*t functions of this character
.v.t thf npast there wen- toasts, which
wr* re*non.U»d to by the officers named
and by i?lr Knights Samuel M. Shortrldse
l»d Logme N. Deupr«-y, and vocal 6e!ec
: na l-y the commandcry quartet. Walter
Campbell and Carl Wendell. The event
•raa a most enjoyable oae. the pleasures
v <<h will linger long In the memories
v : all who attended.
The Eastern Star.
n c cfllcers nf Ivy Chapter will be In
led on tho evening of Tuesday, the
■if next month, and those of Harmony
.;,-.<-r will Ih» installed on the niglit of
T*dar. 'he :4th. Tho?e of Ueulah will
Installed to-m.irrow night, those of
. Iden «*.ate Chapter on the "th, those- of
'<>n »."haj»t«r on the 9th.
• ■ ."RliH-rs of OakLvif Chapter were ln
■.•>! last Thursday nUlit.
•n t!ie night of the lMh inst. Grand
■atroa Darlh-.g went to Yallejo. where he
--..i'.10.l ilie officers of Silver Star Chap
- 1J«- was accomjianiod from thte city
iy about twenty-iivo members of the or
■ \>t. th<» gnuid ■ecretaiTt grand
-. ti.iurirwis. Past Grand Matron Mrs.
i"-rd. Past Grand Patron Rowe and Mr*.
Kiwe. Past Grand Organist Mrs. Oeorpe
:. Darling. Mtss McKonkey, matron-elect
•■f OUVo Branch Chapter; Mrs. Carter.
r..a:ron-*»l«?ct of Harmony Chapter; Mrs.
:'. i-.rifUld. matron-elect of Ivy Chapter;
Captain S. Bonnltleld; Dr. Gassaway.
•. ■non. and Mrs. L. A. Stcele. matron, of
ivy Chapn-r Mn». J«-nnie A. Graves, past
matron of Ivy Chapter; Charles Darling:
>!r«. Fara««r. past matron «f Mission
Chapter; Dr. ur.d Mrs. Plymlre of that
chapter. ar.d Mr. Rohrig, past patron, of
•.•tie of the Massachusetts chapters.
Mr. Pe~lc. jritron. ar.l his If*, matron.
el the chrtjrfr In Hilo, H. 1.. ■ .-«*th«"r
(rUh their thrr<» daughters, are In this
city. Tlit-y have been '.ting the local
chapters.
Harrmwy Chapter last evening Initiated
Sftcea candidates.
Odd Fellows and B^bekahs.
Owirjr to unexpected buirtnesi arising
rt-.« cranl master was unable to make
eertkla visitations he had announced, so
!art W?dn»»«<3ay n!ght Deputy Grand
Haster Wat ?«on and Assistant Grand Sec
retary Clifford visited the lodge at Nile*,
'"ntnd Wait Sen Nichols and Grand Secre
:.ir)' Shaw xrade visitations to lodgres in
l'lacer County. The grand. maMe-r ex
pected to meet them In Dutch Flat last
richt and from there continue on his
vi.«:ts.
Encouraging rei>ort» from th« vartoa«
■■■.:. :^i:.;s are still being received.
The Ladles' Auxiliary ar.dSan Francis
co Itebekah Drill Corps will give a social
ia the banquet hall of the Odd Fellowt"
buihltnff titjct Friday nig?.- Dancing will
commence at 8:30 p. m. and during the
evening refreshments will be aervci.
I- ■:■ :u Livlse of the Rdbekahs will this
•week send to the Orphans' Home a box
: tit rrfr« erred '.. .-•- «» — a. Th&nksgi v\r.g
offerir.g. In a abort time this lodge will
.• ■ ■ - fun ectertainmest for that hi/me and
.. ■.:: c!iargo as an admission, some upiful
article, principally linen or article of
«*ar.
Oa '. "--vik -i-.\. ii* nlrht the lodges of
Ixis Aaffaloa will tor.dor President Mrs.
Helen Carpenter of the California A***-ra
bU- a reception and supper.
Sir*, Carvrr.t«r will go to Boflie !n the
• 1(U« o? L>ec«*mber for the purpose of
LusUlutlcg & now lodge there.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Memorial l>iilse at Its meeting last
Monday night tominated the following
oaxaod otHccr«: Harry Maskow, M. W.;
SI Wdioobatter, F.; C. A. liarlochor. o. ;
J.^aes Wallaco. G.; P. Waierdoil. I. W.;
and P. K. McCarthy, O. W. This lodge
£v r«c«lv«d U>« check* for the beuetl
_.. . of M. liarthotd and A. Packshcr.
Herman Ccha^lncr, recorder of Menjo
naJl>Hlifa, .■■■.:•• j a new kind of aim
eta book, which Is *o simple that any
«.t.a c«vu k«-t*j» a complete and accurate
record of tho yrocttxiings of the lodgu
... v .a* ........ »o of ;..u evvr.liig and iuu
lat-ni oil "wnltfu vi»" the moment the
matter workman declares the lo«jge
L On each sheet there are a' num
ber of pni;t«M Lianks and space* for the
Introduction of extraordinary matter. It
:■> '.;.•• rj;.isi comprehensive and concise
iim-utod cf "mlAUte**! ever d^viwd.
■
1 ..<- many friends of Mrs. Kate M. Po
land, \t.<i »:rSJ:d recorder of the Degree
ot U u:.ur, will be pleased to learn that
abe 1j» iruproxinc.
TJie « ■!:• irtiiiriment given last week by
E;lv.-r J»dc<\ Degree of Honor, in
..--.■-. i j.i :. was one of v.<» most >n ■ -
cessf ul ■ affajTij ever given In t!..u hall.
Tfce audiviice crowded the hall to Its ca
pftdlty find all onjoy«d the programme
pro*>6nteir, J which Included songs, refla
tions and 0..:.(i.-. o -. The number* were by
tn« M.».,'.j> QraottV Pearl Miller, ;!.<•
Misses Walsh, Waiter MaJioy and >.un
lii'ovh. Tl.tu-p «ma a dance till midnight
ar.d rvfreKlm.ents. Mrs. Walter Malloy
was li.tr i'laxUbt for the svcpl&s ami £ay»
proof ;..: ahe is a first -class musician
bj veil u» a charming singer.
Ivy !,■•..._ of i >i.K..i:.ii had a pleasant
cnterUUßOicot la.st Wednesday night.
l"rie.n<lnh:p L<odge will celebrate its nine
leciith anniversary next Wednesday night
by a hiftti jinks in Its lod^e room. Re
corder rnxik J. Mairuira has charge of
the : r.. :..-..... ..iv ;, r the evening, and be
will bare a. „•■■■: programme.
The Native Sons.
The propnviticn to eslabliEh a presl
dpr.t)*' asMoctatlon and have the past prea
:.•:.', join with It did not moot with tho
t>U(-rx>h« ttiat th« promoters of tho Idea
cxpccied. The jii*t presidents who wero
lnvit^i to participate in the preliminary
in".t.:ig outuumbeifctf the {Jicxldeats, and
:..• i Oec)d»-d to funa an oreaiiizauon to
1 - U:»«(^n as the Part Presidents' Abso
cibtiiii.. and L>. U- Troy. ij«;oiiard Stone,
Milton Uartvit. \V. Johnson and J. J.
Jaus)t<ti *<r.- appointed a committee to
iri'iani a I- an ot organizatidn aijd report
uX' a n«votiiig to be held December 9.
Grand Tru«l«-e M. V. Pooling omclally
ySisited Mount Jiully Parior in Weaver-
Mile and reports it in excellent condition
Lota iv* to raejnbcr*hlp and fluances.
Pl"rat:k M. Marl.olfcr hfis been elected
fcretary of Voiaockett l'arlor of Cres
btiVOlty. vice J. M. PJckert.
Tae Arpouauui will institute a new
camp at Marysville on the Sth prox. Tl:e
liiMltution -will be by Sutter Camp No. 1,
t-rsifcW-tl by member* of Pan Franclnco,
t.jirai:jento, Auburn ar;<l ValJcJo CMinps.
r.lao'svllle Parlor, under whose auhplccs
Urn new, camp lias sprung into existence,
has appointed a commissary committco
to earn for the brothers who are to come
rrvm a distance.
Car<julr.cz Parlor will mako Its first #>f
lort (o entertain by giving a mJnstrel
fiio-wr In Arcade ■■••:■■•■ on next
Wednesday night.
John J.. McCarthy. J. J. - man. Frank
)!. K< rrlgan. I>r. A- 11. Gianninl and J.
\V. ; .. .v!> have been named as the com
»::Ht'-: from Stanford Parlor to the 1I»00
o-itivfr.llon. ThJs parlor wHJ work to the
«-nd that J. J. Lerman shall be the j»resi-
Cr-nx uf that convention.
While Grand Secretary Lunptodt and
Hratid Tnauurer Martin were in Nevada
ay Inspecting th© mow with a view to
i'l'lng if*! quantities to this city for
i 1i 1 :.,-;■, to »c converted in the summer
months Into water Ice for parties, they
\ ■ • i- the B-ucsts of honor at a banquet
Underod them by Hydraulic Parlor. There j
was a fine menu and a well arranged list
of toasts.
Native Daughters.
The unmarried ladles of A!ta Parlor laM
evening entertained the married ladles of
that organization with a farce entitled
"Trapped." Mary Xoonan, the financial
secretary, took the part of Dick Roy. the
hero, and looked exceedingly chic In gar
ments of the other Bex: Mabel Miller, the
first vice president, made an admirable
Janette; Man: McCarthy, second vice
president, a* Nellie Troy gave the Impres
sion that she was a natural born actress,
and Louise Auradon was a charmlnc
French waiting maid. This dlvertisement
was greatly appreciated, and th« married
Indies will at a future date return the
compliment. After the farce there was
Icecream and cakes for the entire mem
bership.
Woodland Parlor last Tuesday evening
after the elope of business gave an enter
ts'mnent to its friends, and there were
many prrvnt. The entertainment com
mittee consisted of Misses Hattle Lee.
Maggie Smith. Lulu Shelton, Katie Si
mons, Rose Hachmann and Mesdamcs
Hiliker. Fenner and Leake. The princi
pal feature of the evening was the work
ins: of buttonholes within a pivon time.
The best was by Mli«s Jennie Morris, who
was awarded a prize. Ther* were also
frames and then a banquet in a tastefully
decorated hall.
Foresters of America.
Jacob I-a".»c-I, the well-known member of
Court Aurora and publisher If the Ameri
can Forester Review, hae taken quarters
in the Alcazar building adjoining the of
iico of the grand secretary, he having
L*-eii driven from horne — the homo he oc
cupied for so many years— for the reason
that the landlord wanted the premises he
occupied for Ills own use.
Grand Secretary Cordy, assisted by
Louis Hambcnini, chief ranger of Court
Cavolotti of Stockton, and members of
Court Sonora, on the 11th lnst. Instituted
Court Mozzlnl No. 164 at Sonora. with
t!ilrty-6lx charter members. A. .1. Oneto
Is the chief ranger and John Bottinl the
financial secretary.
Last week Grand Sub-Chief Ranger
Hugo K. Ashcr, assisted by J. Label. D.
11. C. R., instituted Court New Era No.
ICT» at Oakland, J. E. Ennis is the ch!ef
ranger and R. H. Potts financial secre
tary.
A new court, to be called C. H. Bremer,
will be Instituted on the £Sth lust.
While up north the grand secretary
paid a fraternal visit to Court Sonora, and
one to Court Jamestown.
Companions of the F. O. A.
Lordly Circle hns decided to change its
meeting hall In the Alcazar building, also
to change Its nights of meeting from Sat
urdays to the Irst and third Wednesdays
in each month. The ■.::•.., under
the change will be in the hall on the fifth
floor on the first Wednesday in Decem
ber.
At the election for officers of Robin
Hood Circle for the ensuing term, held
last Wednesday night, all the sitting offl
ct>r» were paid the compliment of a re
election, except the rlpht guide, left guide
and outside guard. Th* mino social giv
en by this circle last week was not as
well atteuded as its parties usually are
on account of the heavy downpour, but
It was a very enjoyable affair.
Inter Nos Circle at Its meeting last
Tuesday night elected the following named
officers for the ensuing term: Mrs. Sophie
Coyle.C. C; Miss Mabel Miller S. C.J
Mrs. Emma Agnes Harrington, financial
secretary: Patrick Henry Coyle, recording
secretary; Mrs. L>izzle Mever. treasurer;
Mrs. M. Errctt. R. G.; . Dora Shanna
brooke, L. O. ; Nellie Shay, Inside guard;
Annie Gamble, outside guard; Emma
O&kes. trustee: Dr. Knorp and Dr. Hawk
ins, physicians, and Miss Annie ■thberp.
organist. The circle initiated one candi
date and will initiate thre more at the
next meeting. This circle is making ar
rangements for a domino party to be
glvtrn la its hail In Pythian Castle on the
r.lpht of tho 12th of December.
ltobln Hood Circle will have a guessing
party at Its next meeting, In the Alrasnr
building.
The "l'« Girls' Committee" of Loreley
Circlo will give a ragtime Ecclal and cake
walk to-night in the Eocial hall of the A!-
carzar building.
A Companion Surprised.
Last Sunday night a number of the
members of Hay City Circle. I^orelv Cir
cle and Invited guests from Excelsior and
Inter Nos circles formed a surprise party
to call on Mr. ei.J Mrs. B. Worms at
their residence. Cl 4 Grovo street, to con
gratulate them on the anniversary of
their crystal wedding. Mrs. Worms Is a
very active member of Bay City and dep
uty of Lorely. In the parlor th»jre were
a number of beautiful floral pieces con
tributed by friends, sent to the house dur
ing the lady's absence, and when she re
turned she was astonished to find her
home occupied by so many. After con
gratulations Miss Btsi'le Borren, who waj
the chairman of the committee on hi
larity. Inaugurated amusement for all in
the nature of song*, dances, games, and
th«rn followed a collation ana addressee
appropriate to the occasion by Mrs. M .
A. Duke, past grand chief companion;
Miss Uessle Dorren. Mrs. Marie Pape,
Mrs. LJpp ( Mrs. Worms. Mr. Worms,
Miss Rose Wolrr.er. Mr*. Antoinette Graft
nnd the modest member of Inter N«>s.
Those who were present to enjoy the fes
tivities of the owning were Mr. and Mrs.
IJ. Worms. Mesdames M. A. Duke. K.
Karlson. 11. Rhen. Mr*. Jennie Llppi, A.
Llppi. Antoinette Graff, Marie I'ape, Jo
hsna Ehner. L»oulse tiooi M —•-}'.
Welmnr. Lydl . Powell, Mary I^oryta,
Nellie Marquardpen, Sarah L.ublsch, B.
Llppi, Martha Pai • Alice Duke. M.
Bloom, F. Wolmar, Llllie Rehn. Leontlne
Oodchaux. 1. Worms. P. Worms, Alice
Worms and Messrs. Stalls, Krons, W. 1"
Bla>se. C. G. Conyter, Martin F. lilasse
and G. Franchlnl.
Woodmen of the World. .
Golden Gate • imp No. 04 has named a
committee to moft a like committee of
other catnps for the purpose of having a
Woodman's day in l&W in one of the out
of town parks. The committee will be
called npon to Aw Me between Mirabel
and Sunset parks.
San Francisco Camp at its last held
meeting received two applications a- ■!
elected the following inmied officers for
the ensuing term: \Y. W. Wilson. C. C;
W. J. MrrryflMd, L. A.; H. J. McCllntock.
C; J. W. Mallady. B.: E. Gordon. E.: A.
V Bartholomew, W.; n. C. Grunwold, P.;
J. W. McDonald and N. B. Frisble. M. The
installation will b* on January 4.
It has been decided that the next pic
nic «f thin order shall be at Mirabel Park.
The rat* of age for admission has been
changed, so that now candidates who are
tinder 60 1 19 of age may be admitted to
membership.
Knights of the Maccabees.
At the last held review of San Francisco
Tent there was a largo attendance of
members present, also many visiting Sir
Knights. There being but little business
to transact, the greater portion of the
evening wa« taken up in the discussion
?f the Initial hop to be given by the Unl
orm Rank of the tent and to matters
that come under the head of "good of
the order." The discussion wns joined in
by visitors as well as by members.
On the 25th of last August Anton W.
Rettlff was admitted into Golden We3t
Tent as a member by initiation, and at
that time wns In perfect health. Ho hnd
i a wife and child nnd was a comparative
atrnnger In this city. In the latter part
of September he awoke in the night com
plaining of pain In the throat and shortly
thereafter expired from suffocation cauf>i*d
by an Internal abscess. The widow arid
child were I«-ft without any means what
ever and without dim to appeal to. ex
cept those who In the tent stood Instead
of friends. They wore tho only ones to
alii her in her bereavement, and although
all stnvnrers to her. the fraternal feel
1 ing which bound th»-m to her late hus
band made them h«r friends in the hour
of need. A few days since n check was
received for the amount of protection h<-:
late husband had secured. This is one of
many instances that occur to prove how
beneficial fraternal beneficiary societies
are.
Th« entertainment that was given In
B'no R'rlth Hall last Tuesday night by
Golden West Tent was one that attract
ed an audience that filled tlie main hal!.
The committee on entertainment— Dr. >
T. Mallaby. George Freeman, F. H.
Lascy .■;.'' O. N. Parker— presented a pro*
pramme that had the following numbers:
Musical •■porlaUy. I* F. Klein: ragtime
specialties, Raby. Devlne: barytone solo,
Frank W. Thompson: bell solo. Harry A
Patten: dnnclng specialty. Baby Devlne;
J. R. Francis' Mandolin Orchestra. (a>
Maccabee March (Patten), (b) "Poet ana
Peasant" (Buppo); soprano solo, Ceclle
yon Seiberllch.
The specialties by Baby Devlne won the
audience, which eaowea Its appreciation
of the child wonder by loud and frequent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUN'DAT, NOVEMBER 26. 1899.
applause. Dancing followed these num
bers, George L. Morgan being the floor
manager and Harold G. Preston his as
sistant.
Ladies of the Maccabees.
The members of San Francisco Hive have
arranged for an open meeting In its hall
In the Alcazar building on the night of
the lath of December, to which all who
fo«l an interest In the order will bo wel
come.
Chosen Friends.
The visit of the grand councilor and
other grand officers to Fairmount and
Home councils, which met In Joint ses
sion In the hall of the former recently,
waj a great success and resulted In much
good. After the meeting refreshments
were i»erved.
Last week Grand Councilor Bav
age and Grand Recorder Wallls visited
Oemianla Council and on Thurßday they
visited Social Council, when the new
amendments were fully explained to each
council. On Friday there was a visit to
Unity Council In Oakland and with it met
members from the other councils in Onk
land and those of Berkeley. Alameda and
Golden Gute.
Seventy- two of the ldb members of the
council In San Jose have madu applica
tion to be enrolled under the new table of
rates. I.ust Tuesday this council gave
an entertainment and daxice which was a
>n Gate Council on last Friday had
an initiation and there was considerable
r good of the order, also the
■ nomination of officers for the ensuing
•
"irand Councilor Savage has returned to
I his homo after having visited twenty-five
, councils In six w< • lea til
EAGLES' CARNIVAL BALL.
Mechanics' Pavilion to Be the Scene
of Festivity on Thanksgiv
ing Eve.
The grand carnival ball to be given by
San Francisco Aerie No. 5, Fraternal Or
der of Kagles, at Mechanics' Pavilion on
Wednesday vveninjj, November 29
(Thanksgiving eve), promises to be a
grand success. Every effort is being made
to Insure a good time for all who attend.
The Eagles comprise a large membership
a"hd th« order Is similar to that of the
Elks. This will be their tirst carnival ball.
Two bands of twenty pieces each have
been engaged for the grand march nnd
the card is composed of a long list of
dances. A cakewalk will be one of the
attractive features. A rood time Is In
6tore for all who attend.
Nationals' Anniversary Ball.
D. F. Nunan. W. J. Peden. J. Mather
eon. D. B. Murden and P. ]•:. Grogen. the
committee that has charge of the twelfth
anniversary ball to be given by the Na
tional Parlor of the Native Sons of the
Golden West In Native Sons' Hall on
Tuesday evening next, have completed all
arrangements for that function. One of
the features of the evening will be the
decoration of the hall. The stage effect
will be Corinthian columns, with garlands
and living palms and llowering plants, for
the purpose of concealing the orchestra
that will furnish the dance music, so as
to give the Idea of hidden music. The ef
fect will be further heightened by judi
ciously distributed colored lights. The
front of the stage to the floor will be
prettily draped in pleasing colors. A largo
number of American Hags will be ar
ranged around the gallery, together with
palms and ferns. The central light will
be arranged as a star depending from
garlands of roses and effects of lavender
and gold. The vestibule ■will be In lemon
ei/lored drapings, set oft with American
flags and living plants, while the ladles'
reception room will be decorated in red
with Japanese ideas.
■ ♦ ■
A Hard Times Party.
Last Friday night Alfarata Council of
the Degree of Pocahontas, Improved Or
der of Red Men, had a hard times party
in Laurel Hall of the Shlels building. The
hull »m ao crowded that -it- was almost
Impossible to dance, but there was a
great deal of enjoyment. Nearly all who
utt^nded wore attired in old and ragged
garments, and the gathering was like an
assemblage of Weary Willies and Ragged
Siiilios. A committee decldtd that Thomas
Doxey and Mis? Eunice Janes were the
best representatives of haxd times, so
awarded each a prize. During the even
ing Mi-s Cheeney, Mr. Callender and Mrs.
Lake favored with vocal solos. There wu»
a long programme of dances under the
direction of Charles Long, floor manager,
as^lsfd !>y Mrs. A. M. Uetts. Mrs. HatUo
Jan^s. Mrs. i: J. Luke. J. D. Herman, J.
G. Smith and Walter Doxey.
■ ♦ ■
Tlie Druids.
Preparations are btinp made for a prand
ball to be Riven on the evening of the
rrth of next January in the Assembly
Hall of the Odd Fellows' building by the
combined groves, chapters and circles of
the order in this city.
The otllcers of Vasco da Gama Grove
were publicly Installed by District Deputy
Fernandes in the Druids' building last
week, after which there was a supper in
honor of the occasion, a programme of
music, songs and a dance.
Noble Grand Arch James F. Martlnonl
last week made a flying trip to Angela
Camp, where he Instituted Fortuna Grov<»
with fifty-two charter members. He also
paid a visit to Oakland Grove In com
pany with Grand Secretary John >1.
Graves and a number of the members of
Laurel and Roma groves,.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There wns no business of any consequence In
■tocUs yeiiterday. ae ..1 the local exchanger
except the mlnning etr>ck boards remained
closed In renpect to the lat« Vice President.
SAN FBAN'CJSCO STOCK AND EXCHANGF.
KOAUD.
Mornlnc Session,
IT*—
2$ Giant Powd«r m a
20 Giant Powder 94 uu
GO Huichlnson ;pH.r 27 iji^
25 S F Gas & Electric 66 7S'
20 S F Gas & "trio £6 62%
40 S F Gas A Klectrio 66 SO
W S F Gas fit K'.ectrtc 6i 37tt
ISO Equitable Oiuj SX
13 S V Wator >... &C s<j
200 Vlgorlt Puwder I 25
MIXING STOCKS.
The followlcg were the *&]?• in the Ban Fr«.n
c!roo Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning SrpFion.
809 Alpha Of, 6CO Mexican.......-. 54
1«.O Andes 14! 600 Ophir l m
CCO Men & Belcher Ml 800 Ophlr 1 2J
10>) Caledonia 61 600 Hi-rra Xerada. 45
100 ChailenKe 24] U'O 31 rra Nevada. 44
100 Chollar 22 1 &«* Union Con .... 3*
tto Cnn Cal & Va.l Cji 200 nion Con ... M
100 Gould & Curry IC|
Th« following were th« eales In th* Pacific
Stock Kxcliar.K* yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha «• 4:0 Mexican ... 51
200 Alta 06 17t>0 Ophir "l 2)
fCO Best & Belcher 42 IS <0 '". Mr . f 17u
800 Bullion « 300 ■ Mir .... "" i «
200 Caledonia CO 300 Ophlr ..i'nu
«00 Con Cal A V.I Ci 4*o Overman !!'" 1;
K0 Con Cal *■ Va.l co 11..0 peg Belcher C 4
$00 Con Cal & Va.l C 5 "on sierra . Nevada^ 4ft
200 Crown P01rt.... 22 •: - .Sierra Nevada! 4" i
4fO Hale & Norcrs 43: sf« Union Con M
. 3^o Junlre oy 400 Union Con '"m,
M 0 Mexican 12 V.'Jj Union Con 87
ICC-u M< V. ..:. M 3')o Utah ... ■•" oi
200 Mexican •• 64!
CLOBINO QUOTATIONS.
BATI-KDAY. November 2R— m .
Bid. Ask. I Bid A 'i.
Alrb* 0* OSlKentuck . 01 ,i
Alta M Lady Wash ... _ \i
Andes IS 14 Mexican ... CO 51
Belcher 29 SlOccldcntal ....' V u 1
]3< nt & Belcher 40 4i;Ophlr '. 115 1 M
nulllon 06 OC Overman .... ' 17 is
Culedonla 6? eo'Potddl '■ J7 »l
Chollar M U|Bavar« .'!! i« \i
ChnllenßO Ti X Scorpion 02 --
Ctn«W»-npe "i —'Hrg H.!.-h^r. . 01 as
Cm Cal & Va.l 60 1 CJ' SUrra Nevada! 41 *',
Con Imperial .. 01 02, Silver HU| .... t ,j 7;
Cnjwn Point .. 71 •23 6t Louis. .. — 06
Kxchoquer — OS Standard .... "» 85 _
Gould & Curry 18 II Syndicate ... " _ m
Hal* & Norcra 4S 45 1 Union Con.V Sfi s?
Julia — 01' rt.!h .... .'" ", H ,1
Justice 08 OS V.-llow Jacket IS 21
Portland's business.
PORTLAND. Nov. 25.— Clearings. J264 .
SIO; balancen. !£Q.4*i.
Northern heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Nov. 26.— WHEAT— Wal
la Walla, etc; Valley. 63c. - . . *
WASHINGTON.
BnESSSV* 0*"0 *" Mo;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
No grain markets yesterday.
Sih er and financial quotations unchanged.
Shipment of $302,243 to China.
Bank clearings gain 50 per cent.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about the same.
Butter higher again and W*U reduced in stock.
Cheese and Eggs firm and unchanged.
Three cars of Eastern Poultry due. Game firm.
Three cars of Oregon and Eastern Turkeys on the way.
Fresh and Dried Fruits remain about the same.
Prozisions as previously quoted.
Hides and Wool still active and firm.
Small Hogs continue very scarce.
Mining stock exchanges the only ones open yesterday.
Charters.
The Oalll^e and Tamartl Tn.hlt! loadi mer
chanJJse for Tahiti; W. O. Irwln. merchandise
fur Honolulu.
Th« Churl-* F. Crocker load* lumber at Ta
coma for Callao. 6€s 3d.
The Marie llackfeld Is r*fharter«l for wheat
and barley to Europe, 383 3d.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings last week were 119,045,-
M 2. against 113,55:.507 for the same week' last
year. This Is a gum of about bO per cent.
Treasure Shipment.
The Nippon Maru took out a treasure list of
$31:.2 43. consisting of $177,773 In Mexican dol
lars. $0470 in gold coin and $119,000 In. silver
bullion.
Exports.
The DuchaJburn takes for Cork 69.941 ctls.
wheat, valued at 171.C58.
The Arthur £• wall sailed for London yes
terday with a cargo valued at HJS.BOS. Includ
ing 11.1ES ctls barley, at $11,714; 7130 ctls
wh<»at, at 17300: 14,681 gallons brandy, at
*724.'>: 1242 ctls. Lima beans, at $5300; 67.221
cases cannt-d fruit at J197.C52; S3 2SO canes sal
mon, at {127,605, and 00,440 gallons wine, at
lit. 123.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 25. 1599— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with there of the barn 9 date
I last season, and rainfalls In the last twenty
four hours:
Last 24 This Last
Stations — hourf. eeasrin. season.
Eureka O.M 13.22 C.JS
Red Bluff 0.04 6.24 I.OS
i Sacramento trac© C.&S 1.56
San Francisco traco 7.58 2.32
Fresno 0.00 3.44 1.49
Independence 0.00 0.90 «37
San Luis Ohlfpo 0.00 6.76 0.67
Los Angeles 0.00 2.4» 0.18
Han Diego 0.00 1.25 0.22
Yurr.a 0.00 O.M 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
ES;^nlnlraura, M; mwi, IS. —
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy lies off the
Oregon coast. An area, of high pressure overlies
I the country between the Sierras and the Rocky
I Mountains, and may retard the passage of the
i Ftorm southward. Along the Washington coast
the pressure has fallen about four-tenths of an
! Inch during the past twenty-four hours.
Storm slirnals are displayed •!»* the coast
from Kan Franrlseo northwartt, and Information
signal at Port Harford.
The following maximum wind velocity Is re
| ported: Fort Canby, 44 miles, from the east.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, November 26, 1899:
Northern California— Rain Sunday; fresh
southeasterly winds, high on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy Sunday; possibly
showers Sunday night; northerly, changing to
•southerly winds.
Nevada— «'loudy Sunday; warmer: probably
rain In northern portion.
Utah— Fair Sunday.
Arizona — Fair Sunday.
Fan Frunolßoo and vicinity— Showers Sunday:
high southeasterly winds.
Southeast storm signal displayed at San Fran
cisco. ALEXANDER G. Ma: in.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETa
Associated inks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Nov. — The Financier fays:
The release of Government funds on bond pur
chases has enabled the Associated Banks of
New York City to largely Increase their cash
holdings, the surplus reserve of J6.652.200 con
trasting sharply with the deficit of $311,000 re
ported a year ago. Singularly enough, how
ever, the banks taken Individually do not seem
to have strengthened their standing much, one
large institution reporting a train In cash fir
t<r<Rter than the aggregate of all the banks.
The deroult Item show* the same result, M that
th«» only benefit the other banks have derived
U the lessen^ liability reserve which does not
offset thrlr losses In cash. The individual re
serves, therefore, ii.- in some cases lower than
laFt week. Hut for all this the monty market
has «-ased up j^reeptlhly. It Is <]Ulte probable
that the statement does not ivft«M;t actual condi
tions. Th» contraction In loans. It may be
noted In this particular. Is to be traced to the
came Institution that absorbed the cash. Its
loss of five millions more than equaling the
loss of all the banks. The majority of the
banks, therefore. " would seem to have ' lost
slightly In cash and In deposits and expanded
their loans. So far as the outlook Is concerned
there *eems to i,« a disposition toward easier
rat(-s. although the decline may not be more
than nominal. The steady contraction which
has been golnc on at 'this center for some
months cannot continue Indefinitely. Deposits
are now lower than at this time lam year, and
loans have shrunk much below the November.
IS3B. average The only difference in the two
exhibits is that at this time last year the bank*
had thirteen millions more surplus reserve. As
they have the opportunity for securing Govern
ment funds now. and as the Interior movement
favors New York, this discrepancy may quickly
dlFappenr. It is doubtful, however, wh-ther
tf.e beginning of the year will be marked by
the wild expansion that opened with January
twelve months ago.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 23. — CATTLIS- Generally
steady at a decline. November receipts largest
since 1534. Good to choice, $5 30<87; poor to me
dium, $496 25; mixed Mockers, S3 CCgS 75; ne
!••■■!■ ■! feeler?. $4 WOI 75: good to choice cows
JS 00-54 25: heifers. {3 20'?4 CO; canners. $1 75ff3 :
bulls. 12 ?."*?4: calves. $4«T7; fed Texas beeves'
$4 2.Vgf>. Kra*» Texas steer*. $3 25©4; Western
range beeves. $4@S 25. •
HOGS — Active, shade lower. Good clearance
Mixed butchers. *3 So<33 »7V»; Rood to choice
heavy, $3 U,lp3 97H: rough heavy, $3 7i^3 JtU
lißht. $3 76 'j 3 90; bulk of sales, fj g»^i3 <^o
SHEEP— Market steady for both sheep and
lambs. Largest November receipts: on record
Native wethers, $3 6"£4 40: lambs, J4QS 2;.:
Western wethers, t?- 76©4; Western lambs. SI 83
ii" 20.
Receipts-Cattle, 400; hogs. 22.000; sheep, 600
Foreign Futures.
• I
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ."ft* Mar. May
Owning 6 B>4 6 10% E 10fc
Closing 5 8 6 10 6 ioi;
PAKIB.
Wheat— ;-'*,v Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening IS 10 19 10
Closing 18 00 19*0
Flour—
Opening 24 15 25 15
Closing 24 25 .25 20
London Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25-Th- Commercial Ad
vertiser** London financial cablegram gays:
The general market* were quiet to-day, with
iom« Inclination to heaviness under realising
Bales. The wiling wu due again to anticipa
tion of dearer money. The newt ooneernfnr
the Khalifa bad no effect. Consols weakened
again to 101*4. American shares opened fairly
I firm, eased off and hardened again at the close.
The majority of changes werw unimportant.
Baltimore *n<S Ohio and Union Pacific Issues
m strong and there was a very large de
mand for Pennsylvania*, a part of which •was
to cover local options and a part buying for
American account. Between ten and twenty
thousand shares of the stock were bought. Cop
ier shares were easier. Anacondas being
quoted at :<>-* and Bostons at 1 1-16.
Money was cosy, but discount* were firmer,
the rate for short bills advancing %.
cix>s-ing
LONDON. Nov. |S Canadian Pacific. 97%:
Erls. 014; T'nlon Pacific preferred. 79V. North
ern Pacific preferred. Ti\; Atchlson 23 : 3 ;
•Irand Trunk. 714; Anaconda. 9%; bar silver.
27 3-16 d per ounce; money, 3£f3H P«r cent.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Nov. 25.— Silver, 17 3-163; French
rentes, lOOf 49c.
LIVERPOOL. Not. .—WHEAT— DuII: No. 1
standard California, «.• l^d«7f« 2d; wheat In
Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak.
COTTON— 4Vid.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, dull; No. 1 California, to lHd
Her Id: No. 2 red Western winter, 5s »d; No. 1
Northern spring em lH*d.
CORN— Spot, dull; American mixed new and
old. 3s M4A,
London Wool Offerings.
tVOMDOK, Nov. 25 —The offerings of wool
next week aKKrejrate «2.900 bales. The arrivals
to date for the next series of auction sales
amount to 15.759 bales, of which 4500 were for
warded direct.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 62 ;
Sterling: Exchange, fight — i t6<t
Sterling Cables — 4 8T V 4
New York Exchange, eight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphlo — 15
Mexican Dollars — «-,
Fine Silver, per ounce — 5*
NOTE— The- grain exchange* throughout the
United States, Including the local Produce Ex
change, wore closed yesterday In respect to the
late Vice President, hence quotations for grain,
etc., are emitted.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There 'a no change In Potatoes and Onion*.
Peas and Beans are firm and scarce, bat
other Vegetables are dull. Cucumbers and To
matoes are neglected and weak.
There Is some old Rhubarb on the market at
HO] 75 per boa.
POTATOES-Rtver Reds. 60e«5c: Burbanks.
&o{j6sc per etl; Ballnaa Burbunk«. $1491 2"»; Ore
gOO Burlmnks. Oft 11 10: Sweet Potatoes. 7iQ
XC for Rivers and $IQI 10 for Merced.
ONIONS— ''• .51 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 7&10 C per lb:
String Beans, >•.'•;■•<■; Cabbage, HM6I Toma
toe». lCKfj2&c; i: H « Plant. SJi&SOc: It ' r»kra.
12V*C per It.. Garlic. .'.'air. Green Peppers, £OSj"
7&c; Carrots. 30$} 49c per sack; Cucumber*. *>W
10c; Los Angeles Summer Squash. 75c per box;
Marrowfat Rquasn, tlIQ"lS per ton; Mushrooms,
l'^'l2o per lb for choice and 4fJSc for poor.
Poultry and Game.
At least three cars of Eastern will go on to
morrow or next day. Eight cars cam» In last
week. In addition a car of Oregon dressed Tur
keys will come In to-morrow and two are ex
pected from the Ea»t for the Thanksgiving
trade. The Turkey market in dull at the mo
ment, though prior!" keep up.
Game is firm, arrivals b-liig moderate and
the demand good.
POULTRI Ure Turkeys, I3??i4c for Gob
blent and 13ftl4c for liens: Dressed Turkeys. 13
©16c; Geese, per pair. 91 7:^x2. Goslings, 11 750
2; Ducks, J4/M CO for old and fr-,,*; fur young;
Hens. H'i'>. Young Roosters, »4:&4 50: Old Roos
ters, }494 50: Fryers. |3 Vr,^4; Broilers, ni^jt
for large, 1333 50 for small; l*lgeons, {1 per
dozen for old and }1 ll'o* 25 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. I110Q2: Mallard, WaT; Canvas
back. UNft; BprtC, {3 6004: Teal. $! SOfJS;
Wldireon. $2 :. r .<?S. Small Duck. C; Doves. s-V^Jl
per dozon; llare. $1 50C1 76; Rabbits. Jl 25i(j2;
Gray '!<-••«■, $4: White, $1 GO; nrant. $2i33; Eng
llrh Snipe. $2&2 &0 per doten; Jack Snipe, $1 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter Is now well cleaned up and higher
again. Cheese shows no change.
Eggs are as previously quoted, though ranch
Eggs are dragging at the high prices.
BL'TTEH— .
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. K'fMc: seconds,
2152-JC.
Dairy— Fancy. 2246230; good to choice, TIQ
22c; common. 20c.
Pickled ryil-:i®22Hc; firkin. 20321 c; cream
ery tub. Z!'u:*r
Eastern— l7olßC for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new 12^12«4e: old.
114 c: Young America, 12^4?113c: Eastern. 15ht»
lCc. Western. 13'--;Uc per lb.
EQOS— Quoted at 27%©35 c for common and «
((■Co por dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
age, IStflPc for firsts and 15c for seconds; fresh.
21$Z6c per do*.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Delayed Strawberries hnd to iro low, and
only fresh arrivals brought the top quotations.
Grapes are steadier again, but not very ac
tive.
Lady Apples are on the market.
There is little change In citrus fruits, which
are quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
I Apples, Kfrttc per box for common. 75c®fl for
good and $1 2'-<?l CO for choice; Lady Apples,
$2 60 per box.
BERRlES— Strawberries. ll'^ill per cheat for
small and f2**r» tor large berrin: Raspber
ries. |4QT per chest: Blackberries. $7;
Huckleberries. 667 c r>*»r ™ ; Cape Cod Cranber
ries, $>t/9 30; Coos Bay Cranberries, $1 50® I 75
per box ' ' "
Persimmons. COQ'Sc per box.
Grape*," W'i 1 " Mr) x; crates, 85c^l.
Winter Pears. f.'VuSl 75 per box.
Quinces. 4" '"■■ per box. '
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 sMrl
per box; Seedling*.. $1 6052 25; Grape Fruit. $I{J
4; Lemon?, Jltil 60 for common and Uff
3 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes. $3 &ot)
4 50; H.inanuK. $1 ;o'«3 per bunch; Pineapples, »
01 CO" per do*.- ■ -
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prune*. In sacks. 4%c for
40-CG's. 4Vio44c for SO-SO' *. 3*Jc for fiO-70"*. IVjc
for 70- SO' a. 3c for 80-90' and l%c for 80-100' s.
Apricots. 116130 for Royals, I2Vi©l6c for Moor
parks and WHUc for lilcnhelms; Peaches, sy
6V4c for Standanis. 6 .'i',o for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches. \2Vt r d 15c; Evaporated
Apples. 787"4 c; Sun-dried. SoSl|e per lb; Nee
tarlnes. S^SiSc per 1b for red; Pears, 6'^'QSa lot
auarters and B'ul'jc for halves; Black Figs. .4}
Ittflj White Flbs, 4@<c; Bleached Plums. S{JJ>c:
llnbleached Plums. 7' l i7'ic for pitted and l^c
for unpltted. .. — ._ •
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson s— Fancy, per
lb. 10.-; choice, 9c; standard. 8c; prime. 6e; un
bleached Thompson's, per It). 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. B%c; choice, 7Hc; standard. 6Hc;
prime. &c; unbleached Sultanas. Sc; Seedless,
80-lb boxen, oc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, Stye;
J-crown, 6»»c; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers,
t-crown. $150 per box- I-crown. 1160. Fancy
Clusters. $2; Dehesa, •12 f0; Imperial. $3 All
prices arc f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnnti. titWlc: Walnuts. l^lCo for
standards and lOVitfllc for softshell; Al
mord*. • ia«ISH" for paper-shell, 10©Uc for soft
and MFCc for hardshell: Peanuts. s\Hs\<: for
Eastern and (c for California: Hraail Sat*.
7MSBc; Filbert*. ■ U4?l2c: Pecan«. Kk&Uc:
Cocoa nuu. H 50© 5.
HONEY— Comb, 11%©12 c for bright and IM|»
lie for 11.-ht amber: water white extracted. Tv»
<* '-. light amber extracted. (i-tffTc. dark. 6Ho
per lb.
BEESWAX— 2432Bc per lb.
Provisions.
Dealers report a quiet market at unchanged
quotations.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9%e per lb for
heavy, sue for light medium. 10& c for Hunt.
124 c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
Eastern miKar-eurM Ham», 12 He; California
Ilarns. nominal; Mere Beef, $12 per bbl *rtra
Mesa. $13; Family. $14: extra Prime Park $14 W;
extra clear. $17 50; Mess, $16 JO; Smoked Beef.
IMtICHc per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at «4e per !b for
compound and "c for pure; half-barrels, pun,
two: ■"' tins. Sc: 6-lb tins. M.c.
COTTOLENE— TIercea. 7\s7Sc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The nrmness and activity tn Hl1e» ar |
continue, and lots are sold a* * .</p an they ar
rive. H.ips continue dull and weak.
HIDK* AMj SKINS-Culls and brands s*M
kbout lc under quotation*. Heavy salted steers.
IWzC: medium. 10' Ac; light, Me; Cowhides. 10«
lO^c; StaK«. 7c; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf i« c -
Dry Hides.' sound, l»c; culls and brann.V
He: I>ry Kip and Veal. 16< , Dry Calf. IS®
IK-; Sheepskins, yenr'.lngs. Zo'ii3.V- each; «h.->rt
Wool, KtiSTc each; medium. 70'g#fic. long WocL
tlCl Z*. each; Horse Hides, salt. 12 SO tor large
and $l:ol 50 for small; Colts. 60c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 2.
4V*c; r»-nn<^l. 66 l»c;l »c; grease, 2%c.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Joaquln plain*. «ff»4r South
ern. W>c: Middle County. 10«124c; HumboMt
and Mendodno. 15ffl8c; Eastern Oregon. 190 Be;
Valley Oregon, Y\:'<- Northern Mountain'
free ll^lSc; Northern Mountain, defective. 10M
lie per lb.
HOPS— 7OIOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Small Hoes continue scarce and some sales
as high as Eric are reported. Otherwise the
market chows no chance.
BEEF— TfiTVsc per 1b for Steers and «%©7o for
Cows. - •
VEAI^-fi?9c per Ib.
MUTTON— Wether*. 7c; ewes. CHc per lb
LAMB— per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6«4®s\c for small. B%ij
6\ic for medium and s<Ss\ic for large; stock
Hogs and feeders, 6%c; dressed Hogs. 7©SHc.
General Merchandise.
BAG — Calcutta Grain Bags. .75f7Me: Wool
Begs, MQMI; Fruit Bags. «c. «i;c and C\ • far
the three grades of white and 7<~c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. {8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8. Southfleld Wellington, 17 50; Seattle. $«:
Bryant. l«; Coos Bay." ¥-: Wallsend $«, Scotch I
; Cumberland, IS 7!, In bulk and 111 25 in •
«arks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $i 3, Can
n»l. fc* f* per ton; Kock Springs ana Ca«t!«
Gate, $11 26; Coke, 112 per ton In bulk and $13
-In backs.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, term* net cash. In 100-lb b*j<a:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 6%c; Pow
dered. s*ie: Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu- !
lated. t\c; Confectioners" A. i%e: California A
— : Magnolia A, 4V: Extra C 4»»c; Golden
C, Die; barrels, 1-I6c more; half-barrels Kg
more; boxes. He more; 50- lb bags. He more. I
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Domlr.oes. half -barrels. &He; boxes '
l\c i*t ib.
Discharge of California Rizrrs.
The following record of the estimated dally
discharge of certain California rivers la fur
nished by J. B. Ltpplncott, hydrography of th
United States Geological Survey. One second
foot equals M miners* Inches.
STANISLAUS niVEH AT OAKDALF..
Fe^t
DATE.
I
IMS
wm
November 12
*.' .v«ml*r 13
November 14
\" v. mh.r 13
tovembtr 16
November IT
November ik
74
M
50
74
■m
I'M
lie:,
V,*".
2.140
IKS
Ml
\MENTO IUVK.R AT JKLI.V.- FURRY
T'ATE
IS9S ! 1599
S^-ond F*et
: ~ — !'
I ■
S'ovember 12
N'ovi»mh«>r 13
November 14
N'ovrmb^r 15
S'ovemtver i*
November IT
N'overaber 18
4475
4473
4475
4475
4475
4475
4473
I lI.MO
10.4--)
10.400
8.(30
10.700
21.1 ' a
15. 700
TUOLfMXE RIVER AT LA ORANGE
iSecond Ft.
DATE. ' 1
J ISM ' 18*9
Caaals-ISO3.
— — — ■
Minlns. | TurlockjTot'
s'ov. 11 It 4320
s'ov. 12 IS K3l
s'ov. ii ;i 2C«O
for. 15 H 3KO
s'ov. 18 »4 49^8
lor. 17 23 ! S«2
<■'■■ I" 28 SMS
24 l :s
U 1 %
24 0 24
:♦ 0 24
24 0 24
2« 0 21
24 0 ! 24
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coart and Geodetic Survey-
Time* and ■ Height* of High and Low
Wafer* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published |,y official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- fiv« minutes later than at Fort Pomt •
the height of tide I* the same at both place*.
SUNDAY. NO i EMBER W.
iun rla«. 7-03
>un sets 4 '51
»loon rl»?8 O:SS a.' m*
O Time) Time ITlnw Tlmel
2 Ft. Ft. ' Ft. Tt.
? HWJ jH W L W
•6 ... 6.M IJ 1:05 Toj 1:50 Til I
I. W H \V I. w |
fl ... 0:11 18 Ml 6.J 1:10 l.sl 800 3 6
IS ... 0:52—2.1 7:41-5.4 2:W |
!• ... IV. | 4 »:u] J.« .1
K> ... 2:145! 2.7 8:4«, J. 9' I • 
1 ... J:»| 2» »:20 6.0j 4:2» -0.6 1 U 1 . ■
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
recor.d time column gives the second tide of
the day. the tnird time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there art but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coaat Survey charts except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes th* -height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plnne of
reference In the rr.»an of the lower low water*
Steamer Movetnents.
TO ARRIVE.
!
i
Steamer. From. I Du#.
From.
I Due.
Portland 'Portland |Nov. 28
Columbia Portland - >; iv is
Aberdeen Portland Nov. it
Orizaba Newport Nov. 28
North Fork Humboldt Nov. «
ProRreso Tacoma Nov. 2«
Ban Pedro Humboldt Nov. 2fi
Weeott [Humbol.lt Nr>v. 16
Homer Coos Bay Nov. 2«
Curacao Mexico xov 27
Del Sort* Crescent City \ ov 37
Matteawan .... Tacoma Nov. 27
Newbursr .. Grays Harbor Sov 27
Kmplre Coon Bay Nov 2i
Ham* Rota San Dl'ito Nov' a
Coqutlle River.: fSrayii Harbor 'No* "1
Queen Victoria A Puret Sound Nov' in
E. Thompson Comol Nov'. 2}
Pomona Humboldt Vov" **
Miami battle ." x 0T " t:
Arrnta Coon Hay v« '
Uikme Puit»'t Bound. '' Kav*H
Tellu* Departure Ba) Xov' »9
Coos Bay Newport ; x ov * m
Ban Hla» Panama Nov' M
Jranle Seattle "'" j,^'?.
Alice Blanchard Coos Bay '" vov M
Point Arena.... Point Arena '" "" v ov ' ti
State of Cal Portland Tw" ,
Aloha Tlllamook '.., *-' rw' 1
Alliance Oreeon Port*.... ""' nee 1
Corona San Diego " "" r>c ?
Coptic China and Japan *"" Dec* '
Crescent City... Crescent City "" n-I" ;
Samoa Humboldt . . . . tw i
Wtlla Walla....! Victoria A Pu»*t Sound Dtc' 3
AOCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE
jf^ OF THE FINEST LOT OF £^
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
EVER BRED AT THE
ANTRIMSTOCK FARM
(Chas. K-rr Proprietor.)
| Consisting uf the best formed, largest and
">•« bred son« and daughter* of Rio Bravo.
Herald and Imp. I'leolo. out of th« blasts, of
: Viking. Coupon. Miss Madeline and relatives
to Win. OR. Castake. Octuruck. Kitty Kelly.
Olive, Crawrord. Mobolaska J O C, 3em«l#.
Lost Girl. Florlmei, Native Son. Aborigine. Sir
Urlan. Vanity. Ned Dennis, etc.
Sale Win Take Place
TO-MORROW (MONDAY] EVENING. JCor. 11.
Commencing at 1:45 at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 HOWARD ST., nr. Third.
Horses at Salesyard an Catalogues Ready.
WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
AUCTION SALE
£& " l ft*
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS
AND YEAR OLDS
IN TRAINING.
Brothers and Steten to BKLLE BOTD. SCAII-
BOROU'JH. TAU HILU SILVER
IH'LLIO.V. ETC.
Also th#> Two-Year-Old
SILVER BULLION tn Winner) and REINA
JOAQt'INA.
J Bred by HON. THEODORE WINTERS, at
RANCHO DEI- SIERRAS. XVASIIOE,
KEY. rHnme of El Rio lt«y.)
TO BU SOLD
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 25. Ml
At 7:*o P. M.. at
(Under Cover by KU-rrrir I^ir»tt>
SALESTAKD. f'OII VAN* NESS AYE. and
MARKET ST.
Catalogues now ready.
Horses at yard Nov. 25.
CHASE & MENDENHALL
(Successors to Kllllp It Co.),
_^^^^^^^^^ Livestock Auctioneers.
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION S*LE!
£*» ft* ft*
TUESDAY ... Nov. Skth
At 11 o'clock, at
ORMONDE STABLE, ISM Mission St..
Of CO head of Choice Weli-fln>k« Horses, direct
from the country. IntlU'!«--l in this lot ar» 3
ver>' fast pacers. I take plea.^ur* In nhowing
the above stock In Tames* any tim« up to day
of sale. S. WATKIN3. Auctlonetr.
Tel. Smith. <:«. ■
j TO SAIL.
1
'
I
Steamer, I Destination. ■ Sails. I Pier.
Corona |?an D!«ro Not. K. It nm'pier 11
Umattlia ..IVIc & Pet SJ.iNov. T7. to ,ir,i I'irr »
Gr. Dollar. |Orays Harbor' Nov. 27. DamTln 13
We»ott .HumboMt (Nov. 27, t pm I'li-r I]
Konlta 'Newport (Nov. 2S. »am!l'ln II
Colon |Panama . Nov. :•.», i; m:PltSS
Kami* lIIumboMt |Xot. ;-• 10 amflte^ J
North Pork Humboldt Nor. 2». 3 am Pi-t 2
Columbia . . Portland (Nov. Vt. V> am'tnir 24
Aberdeen ..Portland Nor. !\ 3 pm Fi#r 13
Alamrda ...'Bydn«>y 'Nor. r>. » pm 1
Cleveland .(Wic»t »»ouna..|NoT. !%. M am'ttvr 3
Santa Rosa. San IHoro 'Ncr. *.. II am P)»r 11
Arrata [Coos llav Nov. in, 10 .n. ivr '.3
Pomona .. . Humboldt :Not. Ji\ t pta,P\tr •
K«wbitrr ...''"Jravn Harbor Nov. Ji>. i pm;
Coqullle Rv|Oray« Harbor fwo. 1, I pml .
Belgian K. < l.ir.n \ J i- ■ , I ■ . . l, l ptn'
Coos Hay... [Newport it»ec. 2. D •svPlrr il
Que^n Vic & >'■ S<J. Dei. iWarail'ler »
Alliance ...jOrejron Port». iv>c. 3, I
It. Ar«na.. [Point Arena..! Dm. J. tpm'Pler I
Aloha iTtllamook : »c I
Stateof Portlai I !P»e. i. IDamlPler 24
Shif>ptng Intelligence.
AR'UVKP
Saturday. November O.
Strar Koto. Johnson, M hours from Port
Bragg
Stmr Crescent City, St>ekneth. 41 boars from
Crescent Cltr.
I' 8 •mr Sherman. Grant. 23 days from Ma*
nila, .a Nagasaki 1* darn.
Hr ittmr \\ -il'ngt'-n. Salmnnd. ( days from
Cumix.
Briff OallW. -.*m.'r». *• <!•▼» from Tahiti.
Pchr Ocenn Spray, Nyrrian. I <l»yi from Iver
sena Landing.
\ ['.f:n
?attjrday. Norfrcber 85.
J*p ltmr Nippon M.iru. Allen. • .lulu. T»
kohama and Hongkong: \V II Avery.
BAJUCE
Saturday. Novetnb*r S.
Etmr Pomona, Par*>>n*. . Eurrka.
Sin.' I'olnt Arena, Henwn, Men<k>dno.
Stmr Washtenaw. 7. lllnjr. Tact.tm.
Ftmr Alex I>uncan. Noj«an<ler. southern coast.
Jaj. ftmr Nippon Mara. Al!«n. Hongkong anil
Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Ship Arthur Pewnll, Murphy. London.
Br bark Inrerra Jack»f»n. Cjueenstown.
Pr »hlp Province. Jorr*. Queenstown.
Hr ship Duchatburn. Forbf*. fjueerutown.
Bark Amy Turner. Wylaml. Hilo.
Scbr Masgle C Kirn, kallent»rs;. Olympla.
Schr Henry Wilson, Johnson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Roy Bomers. .«-<iinn I. Grays Harbor.
Shipping Continued on Pas^e 18.
Invest in Wheat and Corn
Through the Combination Investment
Company, Illalto Bulldlnf, Chicago.
(The Wheat Market Of th« World.)
You Will Make Money
Conxistently and regularly, as are hun-
dreds of <-th»r investnrs, who ,r» sat-
isfied with annual returns which amount
to
$747 on Every $100
Invested. Profits paid every two weeks.
Investors' original capital, with accrued
profit*. Invariably remitted promptly oa
demand. This profit Ls the result of sen-
tlble
Investment, Not Speculation,
all operations being governed by the sim-
ple yet strlncent rules that go to make
up th« only feasible (>Un ever devised
to always make money In the Whent an 1
Corn Market. This plan ls futly de-
scribed In an Interesting* treat!** oa
trading, entitled
Dollars and Sense,
which will be mailed frre> on application.
No cu»tomer of this company ha» ever
lost sl. dollar, every scries of investment*
prcduclng a nearly uniform profit. Four
years of unbruken success has pn»v*d th*
infallibility of uur method. Incontest-
able proof of all above statements,
high-class references and any uddltlonai
Information eh ■• fully furnished.
THECOMHSATIttN WVRTiOn CO.,
(INCORPORATED.)
RIALTO BUILDING. CHICAGO.
BOARD OH TRADE STATION.
CAN YOU BEAT IT?
NEW YORK. Nor. 10. !•»».
Dr. A. H. iIAMK>. In* count with Cr.
«,  o , Am.Hint
Nor. 9, 20 IT. a. L Common 21 I*2l
• *• i Balance | 3*7.10
SW.tt
uate. Amount.
Nov. 4. Cash lift) CO
Nov. 1 20 U. S. I* Common... n% 733.13
Nor. 9. Balance S»7 M
NOTB.— The abov* la the result of a IIO« ac-
count placed in our hands and managed by ua
for five days. It shows a net profit of %wt io
We will furnish you the a i!r.->« of Mr Jim»«.
al»o the name and address of th. Brokers,
members of the Exchange. In whose fn,. « we
manaced the above account. You. no doubt.'
are convinced that you cannot manage your
own account and make money. You are
TOO FAR AWAY FROM Till MARKET.
and. therefore, unable to take advantage of th*
many <*rops and rises which occur many times
each day.
We will accept a trial account of SIOO.CO Just
to demonstrate nur ability to make money
WE WILL CHAROB YOU 5 PEIt CENT OP
THE NET PROFITS DURING THE FIU3T
MONTH and 20 per cent thereafter. Have you
ever been able to build
$100 UP TO $307. IO
In live days? WE DO NOT THINK YOU
HAVE. Uet your account in our hands a<
early as pooslnl* that you may have the benefit
of any opportunities presenting. K«nrl ns New
York Exchange If convenient. If not. w« will
accept your personal check. One Hundred Dol-
lars will margin Twenty shares of Stock or
Two thousand bushels of Wheat 3 per cent.
Best Bank. Customers and Mercantile Agency
references furnished.
JOHN 11. KIv.BALL & CO.. SO Broadway.
I.; M«w York. ■*"" w V,
1920
THAT CONTRACT
FOR BLOUSES
HANGING FIRE
Referred to Attorney
General Ford.
HE IS TO DECIDE ITS VALIDITY
THE EXPECTATIONS AS TO THE
FIRST INFANTRY.
Military Ball Given by the Signal
Corps of the Second Brig-ada.
Changes in the Naval
Militia-
The contract for the Houses for the Na
tional Quard recently awarded by the.
majority of the uniform board has Wen
lh« topic cf conversation In National
«■« ■ ...! J circles last week not only In the
rank and file but In the teveral upper
< ffico*. There have l>*on warm and ani
mated discussions In which the com-
XJinnder In chief, his adjutant general, the
major general^ brigadier general of the
Second Hrigade and others took part, and
there wai a great deal of "opinion" ex
pressed by all, but none seemed to feel
i-ure that ho was rinht as to the dual con
tract, and it was finally decided that the
whole matter should be left to the Judg
ment of the Attorney General.
Jn general order* from superior head
quarters Urtpa-dier General Muller la or
dered to crK^iize a new company to be
l;i:own rm 11 of the fcH>conil Infantry at
I'lacerville in pluve of the company at
Sledding which failed to niaten«.llz«.
•-nant
I
The following resignations have been ac
cepted; Major I>. 1L Walter. Seventh In
lantry; Captain K. C. Musteller of Com-
X<any O, Blxth Inf.unry; Major John CJ.
Flt«Ci :....., major and aid en the staff of
the major general; Henry W. Emerson,
i.(--. ::i3 Uentenm&t of Company C of the
Fifth Ir.fantry; William M. Lewis, cap
tain and a&Mslant .-:,,>.:. of the sanitary
cori>s.
• Marion Flrkcy, major of the Second In
laatrjj has been framed leave of absence
until I'tM'ffiinr lv.
In the expectation that the First Repl
dert of Infantry will soon be in the guard
a ranee for rifle practice is now talked of
u:.l *everal sites have recently been ox
fisitnfl one southwest . : Ingleslde was
thought of. lut it Is not considered desira
ble on account of belr.g too • ; • :i and not
•affording protection from excessive wind.
Another rue exiuiUned is in a ravine near
<ilen Park, wheru there is possibility for
v range for shooting at two. three and
five hundred yard*, but no opjHirtunlty for
sklrnilhh nrlng. This site is protected
from wind except a blow from tne north,
which occasionally makes itself felt. As
yet no cite has be^n determined upon.
It is expected that every company cf
the old First Infantry will have 111 mus
ter roll ready to *«-nd Into regimental
headquarters by to-morrow night, so that
it may be transmitted to Sacramento br-
Jore the laM day of the month. Some of
the companies will thuw up with an ex
cess over the minimum, but several of
Them will not have the minimum number
Thcee companies will report anyhow and
the commanders will have to recruit up to
the required number within a stated time
and If they fall to <3o bo the companies'
vlll be dlhbaiided and new organizations
formed. Jt Is Btatx-d that there are a
rumbcr of men who are ready to Join the
regiment as a company, but do not desire
to Join any of th« companies that are re
turning.
In retfnwmtal orders No. II is announced
th« appointment of First Lieutenant Al
Xr»d A- Borllnl aa Inspector of rifl© prac
tice anfi First Ldeutenant La Rue A. de
Yo« as battalion adjutant.
Since the lßttLance of previous orders
there hay* been discharged from this
reinvent sixteen men— eipht on account
of removal, four on account of enlistlr.jr
In the United tte« army, two by expira
tion of term of *»orvlce and one each on
account of the act of the l^epislatur* and
ljoo<3 of the service.
The ff)i:<»wli;jr chanrcs havi» beesi made
on reciiminenda.tlon ot tho respective com
pany commajaders:
Corporal H. C. Bmlth, Company D. re
turned to the ranks as a private; C m-
Jjar.y Qu.irterrnAßtrr Eerg-nant F. 8 Cran
«all. returned to the ranks as a private-
Prlvata T. S. Arrher, Company D to be
corporal, vice Smith; Private H. Iverson
Company D, to be corporal, vice narrow'
rflpcharrod; Private G. A. Bhaver C.ifn
pftTiy D. to be corporal, vice Clark d!s
charred; Private Sydr.ey 8. Marshall.
Company O, to t* company quarterma.ster
ferp« <^nt, vice Crandall; Private J F
>'ordrrer. Company O. to be ferpeant*
Mr* Whal'.ey. disoharß-ed; Private Walter
T. Stc'.r.mttz. Company <}. to be ■ ••ant,
Hie« McDonnell, promoted B«v>,T ] lieu
tenant; Private Ix)uls H. Wessel C»>m
rany O. In be c/>n>ora3, vie* Plotter, dis
c-harmed: 1-rtvn.te W. k. Wrlrht. Cnm
j>a.r.T O. to te corporal. Mcc Putzmann.
dlscharppdi Private Elmo C. Harvey
Company G, to be corporal, vice Cleve
land, dlnchnrpodr Private Ajia L. Perkins
Company G, to '•* corporal, •. Ice < 'orii«'!» >
«I!neharjre4: Private William E. jilndu
Company (1. to b« corporal, vice Greon
dlTChar^ed: Private }'. W. Weeki Com
pany O. to be oorporal. \-Ice Huff. <\lt>
£h*Tip4; Private Eflward Anden»on. Com
ts>anyts>any G. to be corporal. vice Elliott. «Ms-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SORRY SIGHT
It is, to bee a strong man shakesl like a
reed by a paroxysm of coughing, which
leaves him gasping for breath. People
have Buffered with bronchial affections
tor mr«, with obstinate, stubborn cough,
•ma growing weakness. They have tried
doctors and mcdi-
cines in vain. At
/S^^—s4^ last they have been
yK^stfffiO induced to try Dr.
f/yff^ s -./ Pierces Golden Mcd-
o^jy >cal Discovery, with
-^jji the genera! tt-huU
experienced by all
|^^3^_^ w^ 10 P llt this won der-
K^T^^k ful medicine to the
E/p&^t^L «a tcst — hel P at once,
* n(^ a »?**■' * v c ure.
. '-■ ' Fo: . rnr>n-
fe- '\- ' (•^■/^•wa chial affections, weak
lungs, spitting of
blood, and other
Bk diseasea of the or-
WK'^^-^^T^jfJ^V. gans of respiration,
ffi^^^xkV I' 1"',1 "', !d c n Medical
llj iMscuverv" i«; prac-
IS3 Wk I ticaU y a specific It
I always helps ; it al-
l^^-ip!^^ I mokt always cures.
fe^ / fjffv w^ ' "I hs<! l*"n troubled
BwfttHCAv^tm ' with bronchitis and
w£'Shr B L€v < !ci>£ catarrh of del hra.l for
5 ',i 'I'Aiy'^cU r "'Kli* years ;ho
i, t k2*~tYsvV couirb. and ut timenffTrat
r1 '■ >'* *\. Lull dlSiculty in breathing."
j J^'a \\*flui writ« j. W. Hodmen
* f*G J^^^Hi Eaq.. oißigiaTl. Hanoock
■ Trnn "A p rtion
1 ill s^rfe of the tirac my np;*tiie
•1 »>'«&/ /jJ V&& •not poor and part of the
a h ff.iHJ_ _ r" * t lire 1 was unable to do
anvthina;. I had been
treated by our beat country physicians for
•ercral years but with little benefit. 1 bad been
reading about your medicine for a long time
but hadVt much faith in it Last spring con-
cludfd I would try it, cad before 1 had taken
one-third of a bottle of Dr. Pieree's Golden
Me^ic^l iJi^covcry I bepan to mend. 1 con-
tinued taking it until 1 had taken several
bottles. Took Dr. Pierce 1 * Pleasant Pellets aim.
Now I feel like a new man, and can do as bard
1 day's work as any one."
Dr. Pierces Medical Adviser is sent free
on receipt of stamps to pay expense of
mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for paper covered, or 31 stamps for cloth
binding, to Dr. R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
Hales.
dolls and toys for girls and boys
See what Hale's can
contribute to the hap-
piness of children!
and is not a happy
chi d life's greatest
blessing?
Hrkllc nr * Kindheart i,
UUII! ' mends colls free ♦
papa and _aT*V
mamma doll, 16 fit\ '"^s^tsJ
Inches high ..50c V£\ *<4^ltss£}
felt body dolls.
unbreakable flmii'^R
headn. 16 In.. ' Hfe<u^^y
riveted Jolnta, 19 : fjUS*
* n. t < 1 - «. . i is * n. ,
Si; 15 In.. 75c; 13
In., 60c; 11 In., j,,-,..
Ssc; closing or OftV.
stationary eyes. ftjL_&«-^-O
Jointed wood "^* -^T^Pf^
doll, real hair. / i l|K\/ }(
closing eyes, 16 f. r_WtT / ]
rubber do!!. 9 //u ij'r
in., 50c: 7 in.. 25c /{ )) //I
worsted doll, U v U Ji
75c, 60c. 25c Q&^~ *»
wagons and toys
iron body wagon —
30-ln. bed.. $2.45 24-ln. bed $1.70
2S-ln. bed.... 52.20 22-ln. bed.... 51.45 !
26-in. bed.... 51.9* 20-in. bed. ...51.20
IS-in. bed.. 95c
shoo fly rocking horse, willow back,
$1.25.
little horse on wheels, will not kick, I
very gentle. Just the thing for little
tots. f.Oc to $1.25.
sheep. $1. 50c and 25c: cow with
voice. $1, 75c; fur dogs, $1.25. $1, 50c
and 25c; fur cat, with voice, 50c and
25c
garden tools, 3-plece Bet. 35c, He,
15c and 10c
tool chests. 19 tools, $2.50; 17 tools,
$1.25; 14 tools. 75c; and 11 tools. 60c
other tool chests of better quality,
J3.r-0. $5.50 and $6.50. wo hand truck,
20c
magic lantern, li in.. $2; 14 In.. $1.25:
13 in.. SI; 11 in.. 76c
tin Cishes. 45c. 25c. 10c Iron stoves,
$3.50. $2.50. $1.25. 51. 60c and 2:.c. iron-
ing board. 25c wood wash sets, $1,
50c and 25c
I chared; Private Otto Meyer, Company O,
! to be> corporal, vice Hopps. discharged;
I Private C M. Kraul. Company <;. to be
musician, vice Wulzen, discharged.
On the Mh of December Major Evans
will preside at an election for tlrst lieu
tenant of Company I) of the Fifth In
fantry, vice Murray, whose term has • x
pired.
Recently Attorney General Ford was
asked by communication froir. the office
of th© adjutant general as to tho stand-
Ing of an officer of the National «Juard
who had accepted a commission In the
United States volunteer st-xvlce. The
reason for th© question was that an of
ficer ho had accepted such a commission
had asked 10 be placed on the retired list
of the National Guard. The Attorney
General gave the matter Into the hands
of William M. Abbott, his deputy, who
reported the following conclusions:
"Under section 1973 of the Political
Code, M amended In 1897, a retired olllcer.
although not active, is still a member
of the National Guard and is subject to
* the orders of the commander In chief, as
provided ii subdivisions 4 and 6 of ■ :i-'l
section. This being true, tho opinion ren
dered by you to Adjutant General Peeler
on February* 3, IK<9, would apply and the
said officer who accepts a commission in
the United States volunteer service Ipbo
facto ceases to be a member of the Na
; tional Guard of California In any ca
pacity. Having ceased his connection.
i with the National Guard by the accept
ance of a commission in the Unit.-*: States
Volunteer ! ervlce such officer, after his
i bald acceptance and prior to his re-entry
i into the guard in the manner prescrihod
by law, could not be placed upon the
retired list of the National Guard."
Th.- guardsmen all over the State are
wondering if the time will ever come
when there will be a revision of that com
bination of misinformation known by its
title. "Rules and Regulations of me" Na
tional Guard of California." commonly
called "The Red Book." Those rules and
regulations are about as useful, to the
guard as would be one of Ben Franklin's
almanacs, for the reason that they are
not up to date, are not In conformity with
the many chances thai have been made
In the laws since It was published many
years ago and are so confusing thai if
officers tried to follow them and reconcile
them to what a number have learned dur
iing duty in the volunteer service, they
would in a short time find themselves
candidates for admission to th*- asylums
for the Insane. The] say that the book
should be cast aside, and that the adju.
tant general's office should provide a new
one.
The annual ball of the Signal Corps of
the Second Brigade was given last Wed
nesday night In Golden Gate Hall, which
for th»- occasion had been elaborately and
with excellent tai«te decorated to meet the
demands for a military ball. The Invita
tions were of the swellest and the dance
i programmes with embossed signal tlags
and torch In gold and copper plate print
, had upon them thirteen numbers and
three extras, the regular dances being
only waltz and dues temps. There was
,an assemblage of many of San Fran
cisco's society people, and aside from the
members of the corps, who were in uni
form, it was a full dress function In the
strictest sense.
Among prominent members of the guard
who were present were Major General
, John 11. Dickinson. Brigadier General
Warfleld. Colonel Thomas M duff. Lieu
tenant Colonel Joseph G. ■ting. Major
Charles J. Evans. Major 11. B. Hosmer
Captain A. A. Hanks, Captain Phil J.
Perkins and Lieutenants C. C*, Dennis. W
E. Elliott, C. W. Has. ltlne and Dr. J. X
' Morrlfisey. . ..
Dancing was • followed by an adjourn-
I ment to the banquet hall, where ■ most
toothsome collation was served. To Cor
poral V. E. Mathews and Sergeant B
Seymrr of the arrangement committee Is
due the credit of the success Of one .of
the most enjoyable social functions ever
given, by the corps.
To-day, weather permitting, the first di
vision •if the Naval Militia will have a
"■>' on $« bay for "mall boat practice.
J here will be a run as far as San Pablo
™ y and a r «V, at El Canipo for lunch.
Dr. Thomas O. McConkey of San Diego
su^nVn'S"^^^ and assistant
i the Plnta.
Ojli .- lIMIB onragernentfl wnlch
! lak< ' from San Diego l.iouten
ant Thomas M Rhaw has. :,t his own re
quest^been relieved of the command of
the Pintu. and Lieutenant Roscoe How
?-™*r U w hlm - Lieutenant Junior
li } • Sar *- Cnt relieves Lieutenant
PinTa as naviga;;:.K officer of the
until? 2?,!!iJ? ot £ c any w drnis ln tn " Nava »
Mill la during December. At the first
meeting in January next the station bil
wlu £«S »° that each man
i j£mtrt£^ssr bm for a di - :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 26, 1899.
Hales.
games
nested blocks,
$1.25. $1, 45c and If'CtJ-*'—
derby steeple- <^^^na^""'" T \
chnpo 250 /W<vs.-»^j.f£sß2»
game of loulsa, ' ***'' '^^
85c.
game of ches-
slndla, 60c and
doll buggies
24-ln. doll bug- -«^
gy. 60c; 14-ln..
doll buggy, * 9 *si9«y
fancy reed. 24-in.
body, steel . _£3S3»r
wheels. $2. \KZ3&2m .
very heavy /^sf^*3 A
reed body doll P«<^Y_!lv\7
buggy. 24 In. Vl^^^W
long, steel ***»
wheels, $1.50.
fancy wood m Jn
buggy. 20 In. U^ • "
body, steel sni| , t
wheels. $1. \\\\V — ■_>
girls' tricycle. £gfc»=s«^^ CM
22 in. wheel. $7; /TT^P^^ 2^ VM
20 in. wheel. $5.50; f~ZT^^^-£ \ 9
18 In. wheel. $4.50. 11>
boys' veloci-
pede. 26 in. ____ «■««*».
wheel, $3; 24 in. /^^^^^rnrrni'l^
in. wheel. 'sl.7s. lMi&}&E*Msj!klM
• tricycle wagon. /^^^2i^/j»J>Wf
treadle motion,
$3.75.
black dress goods
the mills have made such good
qualities for fall wear that selection
is easy, nothing here but goods of
high class and merit. If prices seem
low, it is only our way of large buy-
ing and large selling.
popular black cheviots worn more
this fall than ever; shower proof fin-
ish. 50 in. wide. $1, $1.25. $1.50, $1.75
yard.
black clay serges very popular for
tailor costumes, 60 in. wide at $1. $1.25,
$1.50; 56 in. wide $2
black broadcloth, swell fabric for
street wear and fall costumes; black
lustrous dye and. fine finish. 50 in.
wide. $1.25. $1.50. $2 yard.
guaranteed silks
by this we mean we will buy them
back or replace the goods if you arc
dissatisfied with the wear; we cannot
say more for their quality and their
money value.
black taffeta silk, full 22 in. wide;
our guarantee woven on the selvage
$1 yard ,
black luxor, an extra heavy soft
lustrous finish silk, 22 in. wide; every
yard guaranteed $1.50
black satin duchesse, one of the
popular silks of the season for sepa-
rate skirts and full costumes. 23 in.
wide and very heavy $1.50 yard I
black peau de sole, a soft finish
beautiful fabric of french make; one
of the best of fall fabric^ for full cos-
tumes. 23 in. wide; two grades at j
$2.25 and J2.50 '
STRAW BONDSMEN CAPTURED.
Edward Riley, ex-Deputy Sheriff, Lo
cated in Millwood, Fresno
County.
Word was received at police headquar
ters yesterday from Detective Ryan that
he ha.l arr< «ud Edward Rtloy. the ex
• Sheriff, at Millwood, ln Fresno
•• . and would lose no time ln bring
ing him I iick to tho cltv.
As published In Monday's Call. Riloy Is
wanted on an indictment of the Grand
Jury for perjury In connection with the
bonds piven by him and Attorney J. X. K.
Wilson for the release of "Strangler" Wll
eon. which were accepted by Thomas Kel
!& > en f lerk of Judge Graham-s court.
The bonds were worthless, and Wilson
after his release made his escape from the
city but was later arrested In Santa Cruz.
Kelly was Indicted by the Grand Jury,
Vnr V L\ a l ?J? r , un^' the P^sent Grariri
Jury took hold of the case that Rlley was
Indicts). He had meantime, on the advice
of his friends, left the city.
Grand Officers Pay a Visit.
I-ast Friday nißht Past Supreme Master
Workman Jordan, Deputy Ormad Master
Danfortli. Grand I:- , t h. Qrand
J Examli , r d of
• deputy Km ml master workmen
J Deputy Walter Malloy hl>\ mem
bersof local lodges paid a fraternal vieit
to 1 ru:ik. .- • the Ancient Order
-•f United Workmen in Shiels i.ulMi-ik
Kaoh of ih»- f!,. .-r< named, after i±n ad
dresfl of welcome by Master Workman
Hoffman, had something to say for thecood
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist. T. M. C A.. Maaon and
Ellis streets— Rev. E. A. Woods.
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Stelner— Kev. W. C. Jenkins.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-thlrtl— Rev. J. George Gibson.
St. Peter"a. Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets— Rev. P. C. Torke.
St. Ignatius, Van NaSB avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's. California and Dupont streets—
Paullst Fathers.
——^—^— — —— — — — — — —^^
Hi. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender
raH. V. G.
St. Lake's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. D. C. Garrett. rector.
Trinity. Bush and Ooua;h streets— Rev. H.
8. Hanron.
Plymouth Contcreeatlonal, Post street, be
tween Buchanan and Webster— Rev. F. B.
CherJniton.
Bethany. Bartlett street, near Twenty-fifth -
Rev. W. C. Pond.
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and Noe
etreets— Rev. 11. T. Shepard. •
Richmond i;ongretationai. corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
Coombe.
First Congregational, corner Post and
Mason streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Starr King- A. M. E. ZXon. 806 Stockton
street— Rev. T. Brown.
Simpson Memorial. Hayes and Buchanan
streets— Rev. John Stephens.
First M. E.. Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. W. B. Urmjr.
Richmond M. £ Fourth avenue, b«tween
Point Ix>bos avenue and Clement street-
Rev. A. E. Ulrlch. *
Hales.
three days to Thanksgiving! what a
lot of buying pleasure we've provided!
and then the store is closed all day.
ribbon sale
3120 yards of all silk, first quality,
plain and moire taffeta ribbon in all
the leading shades, will be placed on
sale Monday morning.
ribbon 3» 4 . 4>. 4 and 4 T i Inches wide
all go in the lot at one price; an ex-
cellent opportunity to save money on
ribbon ruffles for Christmas sofa pil-
lows and every use a wide fine ribbon
can be put to 25c yard
art goods
heavy satin cushion tops, designs
of Spanish plrl. Cupids and on the nlle;
a beautiful color assortment. .$2 each
finished complete with ribbon ruffle
$7.50 each
painted cord^l cushi"n tops $1
finished complete with ribbon ruffle
$8.50 each
stamped and tinted cushion covers,
design basket of violets 50c
embroidered and mounted. .$10.50 ea
stamped and tinted cushion covers,
design basket of ros-s 50c
embroidered an-i m"iinted.s9.T>o each
Batln toilet sets; hand painted cush-
ion and two bottles; trimmed with
lace and bows of ribbon $3.50 set
picture frames in university colors
25c each
belts and clasps
about 12 doz. Jetted elastic belts, cut
beads, with stylish serviceable buckle
I>4 in. wide 50c each
10 doz. 3 in. Jewel 1 i*lt clasp, oxy-
dized and gilt; pretty for crush belts.
15c each
brush edge binding
we are demonstratinc Kleinert's tel-
ecram waterproof brush-edge skirt
binding, this is a bind.:. it with a nat-
ural curve and all the good qualities
of a flrst-cla.ss dependable binding..
10c yard
towels and table linens
bleached table damask, all linen, in
new designs; 70 in. wide, 78c yard;
damask napkins to match. \ size....
$1.75 dozen
fine quality damask table linen,
with napkins to match. $1. $1.25. $1.50
and $2 yard.
X 1 quality linen tnb> napkins.
22^ in. square. $1.75 doz.: S3 in. square,
$2 doz.; 24 in. square, $3 doz.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St.
of th« order, and it was made to appear
that an exten?lon committee had been
organized for this city and that It will
Start working at once to advance the ln
teresi of the ni-r and Increase the mem
bershlp of thr local lodges. It was also
shown that during the current month
there hns I | tain of 331 members.
Hy way of entertainment there were
stories by \V. H. Jordan. P. S. M. \V
recitation by Walter Malloy. S. D; songs
by Sam Hooth. <;. R. ; ventriloquism hy
J. P Dwyer, financier of the lodge; instru
mental selection by Otto Kiump, and
dlv»-rtisoment by others. Thore was a
liberal supply of cigars.
COURT NOTES.
The will of Emma L. Bowne. who died
November 2. was filed for probate yester
day. The estate, which consists of real
estate in Frultvale. promissory' notes and
an lntereet In the schooner Mary Wlnkel
man. Is valued a! J::..OO0. The estate ln Its
entirety Is bequeathed to Anna E. Steb
blns. decedents sister.
The second trial of George Walker for
the eml»-zzlem«-nt of funds belonging to
the American Tract Society resulted ln a
•■♦rneiit of the jury yesterday m<>m
liiK. Tli.- Jury was out all night hut 0.-ing
Unable to reach a verdict was discharged
by Judg»> I Mimic
, Mrs ' Foster has sued the Pre
''•rr"' I Insurance Company of
New York to recover 15000, and the Trav
elers Insurance Company of Hartford to
recover 8000 Insurance on the life of her
husband, who died In Alameda September
I, Is*, from injuries received ln an acci
dent.
I MornlnK-'Th* Duty of Thanksgiving."
Evening— "Why 1 Am a Christian." with
prelude on Vice President Hobart.
Morning— "The New Testament Church-
Baptism." Evening— '-Tbe Third Com
mandment."
Morning "I Shall ye Praise Him." Even
lng-"The Threa Kaets of Salvation."
Morning Mass at 10:30 and sermon. Even
ing Lecture by Rev. P. C. Yorke.
Morning-Rev. Father Sasla will deliver
sermon at 10:20 mass. Kvenlng— Rev.
Father Woods win deliver a sermon after
wafers.
Morning Sermon by one of the Fathers at
11 o'clock mass. Kvenlng— Sermon after
venpera by Father McCourt.
Mornlnsr— Mkbs at 1O:SO and sermon. Even
ing—Sermon after vespers.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening—
Bame.
Morning— and special musical ser
vice. Evening— Services without sermon.
Morning-Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Thanksgiving praise service.
MornlnK-"Chrlst or Nothing, the Supreme
Alternative." Evening— "A Scrap of Bible
History: the <; ri «t Crisis In a Great Life."
Morning - "Bunker and Majuba Hills."
Evening— "Plnonal Influence."
Morning— "The Gracious Invitation of the
Spirit or God." 12\enlng— "Individual Re
sponsiveness to the Divine Spirit's En
treaties."
Morning-Sermon by Rev. R. F. Coyle of
First Presbyterian Church. Oakland, on
"Therefore Brethren Stand Fact." Even
ing—"How Much Is a Man Better Than a
Sheep?" .y-V. ':,-•.
Morning— "Thanksgiving." Kranlng-Ser
mon by the pastor and special musical
service. :. ' :
Morning-Christ, the Christian Hope."
Evening— "An Inheritance Incorruptible.
Morning- "Abiding In Christ." Evening—
Gospel song service. : ■•.'■■"• "•". ■'.-
Morning— Address by Miss Spauldlng. repre
sentative of the Woman's Home Mission
ary Society. Evening— Sermon by the pas
tor and praise service.
Morning— "Thanksgiving:." Evening—
mon by the pastor.
Hales.
the cardinal, the blue and gold
good gloves
you will be right when you go to the
left — good gloves are there, good
enough for our guarantee; kept In re-
pair and cleaned free of charge.
our H. B. $1 glove, soft, pliable
lambskin, that is second only to the
best french kid 2-clasps. in white,
navy, tan, green, brown, mode, gray
and black jl
ladies' 2-clasp cape glover,, in latest
englfsh tans and reds, compare with
Dent's jl
misses' 2-clasp lambskin gloves... sl
ladies' 3-clasp Hte. Jouvin glove;
very best french kid. we haven't a
better glove, comes in a complete
line of colors and shades $1.50
new neckwear
liberty silk and cascade shaped
stock, trimmed with narrow silk lace
or narrow shirred satin ribbon
$1.50 to $2.50 each
taffeta silk shaped stork, with lib-
erty silk bow and scarf ends trimmed
with Jube, narrow velvet ribb.m ;it.,
$I.7f> each
black full pleated liberty neck bowa,
with pleated pointed end 5.. .52.50 each
black full pleated shirred and lib-
erty silk neck boas, with extra long
ends, trimmed with narrow Jube
$3.7?> each
black full shirred collarette, with
long bell ends, trimmed with Jube
$4 each
one of this season's novelties is
black and white ostrich boas; they
come 36 in. long, at $7 .50 each, and 45
in. long at $9.50. we also carry a
large assortment of the full french
gray and black ostrich boas in all
sizes and wide range of prices.
novelty veilings
gray and black mixed tuxpdo veil-
ing in silver effects, with black velvet
dots 50c yard
cream color chiffon, with black che-
nille dots, embroidered border, f0r....
$1.25 yard
we p.re closing out a line of birdpey*
•weave towels; these prices will pre-
vp.il for the few days they will lapf. In
3 sizrs. with colored borders, and
hemmed ready f..r dm; K,x™, 10a
each; I^x3f>. 124 c each; I?x3\ Uc ea.
all linen table damask. bleachM. in
2 ■widths, and quality much above the
ordinary, for ordinary prices; 60 in.,
35c a yard; TO in., 50c yaxd.
HONOR TO HOBART.
Respect for the Nation's Dead Shown
in This City.
Flags floated at half-mast, business
was suspended ln many places and there
was a general manifestation of grief for
the late Vice President Garret Hobart
In this city yesterday. The California
(Ml Exchange and several other hoards
did not call and many commercial bodies,
while their offices remained open, permit
ted no bu^inffs whatever to be tr.i
cd. A number of the wholesale :
closed their doors at noon and will not
open again until to-morrow morning.
Work In the Mint was suspended and
the offices ln the Federal building were
Closed, At the Presidio nineteen minute
guns were fired as a salute during the
hour of the funeral. Cadets of several
departments wore the mourning uniform.
The Bierworth. Jury Out.
Out of respect to the memory of Garret
A Ifobart, Vice President of the United
States, all of the courts adjourned
yesterday mornlnß with the exception of
Judge Lawlor's. who wa* forced to hold
court that a verdict In the case of Al
bert 81.-rworth. charged with having
murdered Arthur Hrnwn tnthfOlohelodg-
Ing-house, W Howard Htr^et. on the nljrht
Of November 19. isns, ml^ht be obtained.
The case was on trial during the entire
\v.-.-k. nnd Juror Russell began to show
sUttis f>f falling health, but told th* court
that he would not give ln If th»
rouM be finished yesterday. The court
consented, and yesterday morning the
case went to the Jury. After being out
several hours they had failed to reach
•!> California- lit reet M. E.. corner California
■•■ and LlroiiTlck streets— Rev. A. C. liane.
«t>
>$■ Central M. X.. Mission street, near Sixth—
••■ Rev. 8. D. Hutstnplller. D.D.
««>
<.•• Grace M. E.. corner Twenty-first and Capp
<$> streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
♦
«>
<«» Trinity M. E.. corner Market, Sixteenth
A and Noe streets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood-
Jand Noe streets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood
4> ward.
...
••> Howard M. E.. Howard street, between Sec
■'■ ond and Third— Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
4,
«£» Potrero M. E.. Tennessee street, near So
<j> lano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
A — — —^— — — —^— — — —^ — .^ .^—^v— «
■•• First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary street—
•» Rev. E. Nelander.
«•• ■ —
i> First Christian, Twelfth stre«t. n«ar Mls
•|» »lon— Rev. F. S. Ford.
<$► _
A German Evangelical Emmanuel. corner
<?> Twelfth and Stevenson streets— R*v. F.
■# 'W. Fischer.
<«> Howard Presbyterian. Oak and Baker
•»> streets— Rev. J. S. Thomas.
'•■ — — — — — " .
<J> Stewart Memorial. U. P., Guerrero street.
♦ near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. DuKan.
4>
<j>
<|> First United Presbyterian. Polk street and
<g> Golden Gate avenue— Rev. H. H. Bell.
«|> _
.J» Memorial Presbyterian. Eleventh and Rail
<S> road avenues— Rev. 11, N. Bevler.
♦
<y __ _
4> Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and
<»> Geary streets— Rev. John HemphlU.
»■ __
<g> Westminster Presbyterian, corner Page and
<$> Webster streets-Rev. Eugene H. Avery.
<^ D.D.
q. __
«• First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
f and Franklin streets— Rev. corner Oeary
and Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
-•• minister emeritus.
♦ __
•». Second Unitarian. Twentieth and C*l>d
A streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
<s> .
•v First Church of Christ. Scientist. Central
<•> block. 123 Sutter street— The Bible and
A Science and Health. With Key to the
... Scriptures.
♦ _
A Y. M. a A. Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
A, streets— J. McCoy. Secretary.
♦
+ Tb«o«ophlcal Society. Odd Fellows 1 bulld
♦ inc. j
Hale's
holiday hosiery
children's fine ribbed medium
weight, seamless, fast black cotton
hose; hard twisted elastic cotton, . x
tra double knees, heels and toes;
sizes bft to 10...12HC pair; $l.is flosen
misses' and boys' heavy, rll
black, wool hose, full seamless; dou-
ble merino heels and toea; sizes 7 to
9%l a regular 25c hose, 18c pair; $1.08
for box of 6.
misses' and boys' extra heavy black
cotton boat, fine ribbed, full fash-
ioned, smooth finish, french toes and
heels, narrow at the ankle: double
knees; sizes 7 to 10; regular 25c f
20c pair: $2.25 doz-.-n
ladies' fine imported blajck cotton
hose in fall w<«icht. pearl ribbed tops.
and plain all-black and unbleached
feet; also complete line of richelieu
and rembrandt drop stitch; sizes 8 to
10 Be pair; $2.7f> dozen
ladies' fine imported out size black
maco cotton hose, fall weight; extra
wide tops, with 3-in. elastic hem; .x-
tra double soles and high double
heels; sizes &\? to 10; 3 for $1; $^ for
box of 6.
ladies' extra quality black english
cashmere hose, heavy weight, long
and wide; also in natural gray
scarlet wool of same grade, sizes 8^
to 10 EOc pair; $2.75 box of 6
men's wear
new arrivals of fall neckwear show
some fine effects In engllsh squares.
Imperials, graduated 4-tn-hands, puffs
and tecks; light medium and dark,
designs In stripes, plaids and ttgnres.
60c MCh
men's white laundered shirts in a
quality far superior to anything we
have heretofore been able to sell for
the price; every known improvement,
long and short bosoms, and all
lengths sleeves; a satisfactory shtrt
for $1
men's natural gray cashmere night-
shirts, made 60 In. long and very foil
In size.
$2.50 a garment at any time, but it
Is a line we are closing out at $1.50.
bed furnishings
whit© rrorhetpd bed spreads for
double beds; heavy, and hf-mmM
ready for use 90c each
warm comforters, with lambs' •
filling, figured sateen covered; double
bed si/..>; superior to a low-priced
eiderdown comforter $4
new lot of eastern white blai:
all wcol. 60x«0 in., weighing 4^. lbs.;
not the high grade wool J
white blank'ts, all wool, 5 lbs. In
weight; a good quality; 72x^2 lnrhe*.
$4.50 pair
a lln* of the very best all -•■
white blankets, plain and Jarquard
borders, in all weights and sizes; $6,
$10. $15 and $20 pair.
bed pillows In every good kind and
quality, from 85c to $3.75 each
millinery
trimmed dress hats from our own
work room, from $4 to $12 each
the landsdown. a fine fur felt hat.
In castor, black, navy, pearl, waa
$225. now $1.50 each
broken lines of birds' wings, fancy
breasts and quills have been reduced
to little prices.
fancy feathers, from 5c to $1 50
wings that were $1.50. $2 and $2.50
have been reduced to 75c, $1. $1.25 and
$1.50.
an agreement. Testimony was read to
them and they again retired to deliberate
on a verdict. Being unable to agr>
Jury was locked up for the night at. '
to the California Hotel In charge of a
Deputy Sheriff. It was rum->r»-d about
the courtroom that the Jury at ' i
for conviction and one for acquittal at
the time It wa* sent to the hotel.
Outing Club's Entertainment.
Quite a select gathering of young soci
ety people ■BMinnlsfl at Native Sons'
Hall on Seventeenth street last night for
the purpose of reimbursing the Outing
Club's exchequer ln return for favors ex
tended during the past summer. The San
Francisco Outing Club is composed or a
number of young gentlemen who own the
yachting sloop Norma and who ei>>
on the waters of tne bay and at the ad
joining suburban pleasure resorts. The
entertainment held last night waa a pay
party extended to the club members ln
recognition of those favors. The clv
orKaniz.-d on the I'l'-l of February, U
Charles D. O'Connor and ■ Do
herty. sln-e which time seventy-five oth
. r> have Joined Its roll.
The present officers of the club are:
President. Charles V. O'Connor; vl-e,
president, Jos.-ph F. Douglas; secretary,
John V. Doherty; treasurer. Lest, r Cosrh-
Hn. The success of las! night's entertain
ment is attributable to the I I mrm
hers who acted on tim various commit
tees: Floor manager, .ioh:: v. Doherty;
assistant iloor managers, John Kit .
J. .tin A. I>olan. Frank Guinee. Avit la
Faille; reception committee— Lester<'<>fh
lin (chairman 1. Dr. Joseph F. 1' •
James Barry, Josoph Mungenast. William
Coogan, Al Stepston; committee of ar
Morning— Thanki>(ftvlng and vow paying.
Evening— "Man's Most Difficult Task."
Morning— Sermon by an outside preacher.
Evening — Same.
Morning— "The Mocking and Raging
Enemy." Evening— "Th« Rock of Chris
tian Character." •
Mornlng—ThankFglving sermon by th« paa
tor. Evening— bong service.
Morning— "The Satisfying Power of a Qr#at
Purpose." Evening— "The Patriotic Duty
of the Hour."
Morning— Sermon by th« pastor. Evening-
Some.
Morning— "The Judgment" Evening —
"Praise In the Sanctuary."
Morning— "Gratitude." Evening—Thanks
giving praUe service at 7:45 o'clock.
Thanksgiving services. Evening-
Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— "The Law of Promotion." Even-
Ing— "The Temple Cleared of Thieves."
Morning "The Lifting Power of Christ."
Evening— "The Molding Power of
Thought."
Morning— "The p. D. c. of the Believer."
Evening— "The Two Commandment!)."
MornlnK— Harvest Home, with exercises;
"Glad Tidings." Evening— "The Father
hood of tlod."
Morning— Sermon and special musical ser
vice. Evening— "The Closing Century and
the Coming Century."
Morning— "Life and Immortality." Even-
Ing— "Young People In the Church."
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Dr. Stebbtns.
Morning— "Are We a Chosen Nation?"
Evening— Chaplain Drown of the battle
ship low will preach.
Morning— "God the Only Cause and Crea
tor."
Afternoon— Chaplain W. O. Isaacs of the
United States ship Pensacola will preach
on "The Man of the Times."
Evening— "The Wheel of Rebirth." by a
symposium.
Hales.
matched in friendly
strife; the home din-
ner looked forward
to for months; a pros-
perous people and a
glad holiday.
golf capes
It's a plan here to bring good goods
within the reach of every one. our
prices may look small; but to those
who understand our values they have
a large meaning; and when we take
a line and reduce the price it only
adds more force.
fine golf capes in patterns and style*
most popular this fall, have been re-
priced so that these that were $25 are
now 516.50; those that were $20. now
$14.50; those that were $IS. now $13.50;
those that were $15. now $12.50.
35 ladles' golf capes. 24 In. long,
made from steamer nigs, with hood;
fringe trimmed; assorted colors in
Plaids $450 each
36 misses' golf capes of fine quality.
blue melton cloth, the hood lined with
plaid taffeta Bilk, and cape faced with
same $4
24 misses' golf capes, blue, melton
cloth, plaid hoods; finely made
$2.50 each
new furs
60 new aatrachan fur capes. Just
arrived by express, made from choice
selected moire astrachan skins, lined
with the best black satin, and finely
made; come 14. 16. 15. 20, 24 and 27 in
long, at $12.50. $15. $19.50. $20and $22.50.
4S cheviot separate skirts in the
much sought for camel's hair effects.
In all the new fall colorings, new cut.
lined with best percallne and cordu-
roy bound J5 each
CO tan, castor and royal kersey cloth
Jackets, Just in by express, double
breasted. 6-button front, silk lined all
through; 8 rows of stitching around
collar; revers front and bottom,
made to sell at $15 Hale's $10
fine flannels
a line of wool eiderdown flannel that
we are going to close out; the regular
value is 60c yard; comes 27 In. wide.
In plaid patterns of 8 colors.. Bsc yard
rangernents—J. Thomas Doherty (chair*
mam. A. P Par ml, John V. Doherty
Thomas Kenr.y. M. Ryan.
At the i short literary
programme dancing followed.
Dutchler Not Yet Sent/need.
G«onre Dutchler. proprietor of the sau
sage factory at Eighteenth amd ShotwHi
streets, who pleaded guilty In Judge coh
lan's court Friday to the charge of using
horseflesh In the manufacture of his sau
sages, appeared for sentence yesterday.
When the Judge asked If he was ready
for sentence he said he wanted a con
tinuance, and the Judge postponed sen
tence till Tuesday.
! >' THE CREDIT HOUSE" j
4 Six Stories High \\
l • (i
!f I £4? IT Trj i i I
i ~~ i
! Antique Rocker. Restful- '
4 shaped aims, high back. Just !
{ the right angle lor a rocker I
|| $1.70 !
J Rockers for grandma and grand- !
* child.
II Leather upholstered, rare woods, '
• beautiful carvings. Pretty parlor i
J rockcrsjor holiday gifts.
i Morsersilk Portiere. Two-sided, '
; raised Oriental patterns. Full silk '
: ! effect, and silk scvlce. Large size; !
ii heavy tassels and fringe, 10.
\ \ Sofa and floor cushions in Oriental
» velour. Big, plump and soft. Real
J cushion comfort, $j.
I CARPET DEPARTMENT
j Afpnlstan Rugs. Reversible, |
( bright colors, pretty patterns. Bound *
4 ends that will stand wear. A rug
♦ adds much to the appearance of any !
I room and saves the carpet. A rug (
i for service, 60 x 30: 55 cents.
J [ Fr»t <!e!!vtry. Oakland, AlsmeJ. Berktier \
|; M FRIEDMAN £ CO., 2
233 to 2 37 Post St. I
; Open crcniags Nc*r Stockton !
~~~~~~~~~. •• .^► <^J
RAUWAV'I 11KADV tUZlAlilt sM stoo4
unrivaled before th* public for in years as a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Bora Throats. Influcnia. llron-
rhttls. Pneumonia^ Rheumatism. N#ur»Uu,
Headache. Toothache and all pains. Internally
for Malaria and all U>««l Palos.AU dru«(Uta.SUNDAY CALL
MAGAZINE ECTION.
AT
SEA
BY CAPTAIN
JOS WARREN
HOLMES...
T '■
V
Be T ......>„
' anfl has devoted eixty-ihree yrars, of his
the
•tltjnr,. for that 1* th« rod 1< ttf r day of
• ;
Thanki^pr. lr.s rf.iy he ■ f^ri onn*J ;^ hL^ Crat:
y ' ■ ■ • ■ ,; .lay
■ , ut, O.\
:- f*..-«!
: •■• -s. hurri
.'. : ' - • "rs of
•utt*kJ
- ." ■ &CT, th-'TI.
,' :• fc '. Ih7i promise*
■
I 9l * !• . iU'JU
ary chair— fingered the fringes which d<»e
orntcd Its arms and said In v merry way:
"So you think wn don't know what
turkey dinner Is, eh?" " Then, loudly:
"Steward, give us our Thankaglvlnr bill
of far* '* *
"Oy*tern. elr, and turkey an' cranberry
sauce to b« cure, and' plum duff, an' "
"That will do." roared the captain.
Th<-n he leaned fnrw.ird. with his hands
clasped between his knc<>«, and Jx^an:
"In the year I^7 I curae michty near
taking my Thanksrivirg dinner In Ban
Francisco. It was my nr^t voyage here,
and I was at that time master of the clip
per *h:p Elizabeth F. Wlllots. For days
and dajs 1 bad b««n oountlßg upon that
delicious dinner, but 1 was doomed to dis
appointment, for the vigilance committee
had Just been organized, and the docks at
that time wire mighty dangerou* places
-to— be— around. <-3;.(.» laH? — after ~J&rit. and
so I had to forego that pleasure. But. a
disappointment like that i the very least
of a skipper's woes. So much Is required
of him— why he must be carpenter, sail
nialier, doctor, parson If need be. eurgeon.
Judge a merchant for his owner's trading,
astronomer, too. and he ought to know
the names and u«=« of surface condensers,
steam and vacuum gauges, of salt In boll
ers, screw propellers, of things In gen
eral—nlr. Gea find nky— those are Just a
few of the things a eklppor must know;
but of shore holidays he knows but little,
for there Is no Sunday on the e ea. Some
time*, however, events mark a chalkline
on cf-rtnln d.-tys, r,n<l If I were asked to
chouse the most eventful day In the year
I would Burely choose Thanksgiving dny.
"About fifteen' years aco' we were In a
Calc of wind while rounding the Horn.
It was the anniversary of this dny. and
one of the crew, who had a grudge against
the mate, culminated his nefarious scheme
of reverse by Ftlrring up a mutiny. He
took this stormy night, whoa the men
were all aloft shortening sat!, to carry out
his purpose. He bad two accomplice*.
On* of th* men was on the lookout and
the other two hid In the fo'cas'le. The
man on the looicont let go the foretopmast
staysail, and the mate and the boy. who
were on deck, went forward, to haul the
sail down before It thrashed to pieces.
"It was two bolls In the morning. The
men who wore hidden In tho fo'cas'le fol
lowed close upon the mate's heel». They
wero armed with heavers. When the
mate had the down haul they rushed up
behind him and struck him one blow after
another upon the head and should- I
was at the wheel. The ship was caught
ia a gal* of wind and was tumbling
around like a frightened squab when the
mate rolled oft of the fo'cii_s'ie on to thu
main deck and staggered aft. He man
aged to mumble out: 'They've done me
up— there am three of them,' then be fell
Insensible Into the pilot-house.
"The night wan black and' the only things
that could be noun were the sheets and
the men on the yards. I sent a boy up
aloft to call the second mate and two
bo'swalns down. They were on hand five
minutes later, but the thunder and fury
of tho storm lashed my vole* Into an In
textM MnrQac tH» a a*bV X aaoets*.
Thcr ttd not bear. <OMd Oodl r*t a
light befme the ©re"w worn* down. They're
Marty killed tbe mate. Arm jronrsetres
an 4 find Urn men. There are three of
them.' It seamed an eternity until the
art* started forward. Ooe bo*rwaln car
rted a club and lantern. The second mat*
was armed with a sword and the other
bo'swaln carried a pistol. When the men
aloft aaw the light moving forward they
started to come down and I knew then
that a mutiny was on. so I grabbed my
pistols. took my stand by the main rig
ging and shouted through the trumpet:
-Go back and furl the Balls. I'll kill
•very d d one of you If you come out
of thnl rigging. I*ll ihoot_you-M_you
come down.'
"The sails were flapping around and
would soon have been iorn Into shreds.
It was one of the worst storms I ever
encountered off the Cape. 1 kept my eye
on the ripping and waited fearfully for
news from the fo'ens'le.
"In the mean- the trio found one of
the offenders In his berth pretending to be
sick and offering that as Inn excuse for
not going aloft. The other two were un
der the berths behind the chests ar.d when
the second mate probed them with his
sword howls and curses followed. The
man in the berth smashed the lantern,
fj>-;t out the light, anil stabbed the bo'
swain with a sheath knife four times, be
sides cutting the main artery of his left
arm. Then followed a struggle In the
dark. After a while they came stagger-
Ing forward, prisoners, bo's wains and sec
on.l mate, each having a trail of blood be
hind him.
•■ 'I've got five staba !n ma and am
bleeding like a pig.' cried the bo'swaln.
"1 suuu put the prisoners id Iron* and
I
left a man to guard th* orew In the rig
glng The storm was Increasing in
violence and the ship was rolling so that I
had to brae© myself in the door of th*
companion way while I sewed up the
wounds of the bo'swaln. The group was a
sorry sight. Th« three prisoners In Irons
sullen and bleeding: the. first mate un
conscious and the bo'swaln gushing waves
of blood at each roll of the ship. Th«
Steward held the candle and the carpenter
supported the man while I sewed up tha
wounds. I looked as bloody as a butcher
before I had finished. I Flipped about on
the floor and lost my needle In the blood
and had to go to the medicine chest for
another. While I was gone the bo'swaln
said to Barr. the ringleader of the mutiny:
'You ought tv be killed for this night's
work.'
" 'I wish I had killed you when I had
the chance," Barr replied.
"Then I came out again In time to take a
hand, and to this day I bear the scars on
my hand from the blow I gave the fellow.
It took me until six bells a. m. to finish
my surgical work I kept 'ho men in Irons
until 1 arrived In port, and the ringleader
was Sent to San Quentln, but he died be
fore his term expired.
"The worst storm I ever had was off th»
Loo Choo Islands. It broke In nil of Its
fury on Thanksgiving day in ISG6. I had
two typhoons In five days. The Islands
were In my way and so I had to go on
tho starboard tack to avoid them, and got
right Into the vortex of the typhoon. My
middle head was twisted off. The spume
drift was so .thick that I coudnt sec any
thing at all. The sea was as white as
snow with foam and •he barometer fell to
27.50. I was tied up to the after bltts on
deck on that Thanksgiving and also the
day following. i thought It was not pos
sible for tho ship to live She was un
t7
6er bum r -«. I ' •• ' *:•'-*. erwry «afi
and put on extra raskets before the ty
phoon came. \V© «!mply lay fn thm
trouph of the »fa. Pan of the? time she
lay with her lee rail right under water.
"We had prepared for the storm. It had
been very calm for twelvo hours; the sea
looked like glass— and yet the barometer
continued to fall. My orde' of 'take in aJI
■ails, clew up and furl them' hvd Just
been performed, when suddenly the wind
dropped on us from the nor'we«t and blew
violently for two days. Th<»re wa* nn In
terval of half an hour of calm and I
loosed one nkle of the foresail to try to
wfar the ship around, but bcfor»- we could
set the w!io!<* rail ?«»'t tho utorm burit on
ua from the tou'vMt and rarrl>'il the mail
away. Th«n we lay for another ten daye
In the typhoon. On the fifth day It mod
erated, so v.o made ."till and found that
tho Ehip would, not ■tecr.
•'I kept Bbouting to the man *t the
wheel, TCeep her full.' and he replied.
'The helm's hard up ami «he won't ea»#
off.' I looked over the st^rn and saw the
rudder fanning from side to *!<se with the
•"•a and knew the rudder head was son«.
We put a irpar across the taffrall and se
cured tacklts to It which we led to the
chains on the rudder. Crippled n* we
were, w*> managed to get ba<*k to Hopu
kong. Th« carjfo had shifted Iti the storm
and nlven th« ship a Il"<t of four streaks,
and we wen ooiiKr.itul.ited when we
reached port upon <>ur luck.
"I *hall never forj;et the Thankscivlnf
of ISCS. I wxi commnndlnj; the clipper
Bemlnole, and my wife was with m» on
the voyage. We were six days out of New
York, down off Newfoundland. It wa*
a beautiful day. There was not I cloud
In Bight, but about three-quarters of a
Continued on Pag« ' or.22
Dar* driving shopmen, tailors and
tni!!:vf!.'- to distraction. Fair maidens drag their sec
ond !■*•« cnv.-r.i- through the mud. add a pucker to their
fT< heads u»:d make themselves generally troublesome.
at;d all for what? That they may look their be«t at
this tN* game of the year and with their new gowns, plus toot
tall enth!:.«iaj<ni, help the "rooters" >ell their college to vic
tory.
Tt tnkop sr.jr.e lime, this gt-tting ready for Thanksgiving,
but when the day come* "*he.'' be gowned in ill her newest.
«w»-efs down before tli.- admiring eyes of college men. All
tailor-made perfection from the crown of her head to the tip*
ft her to**, «he lunks h*T best, is stunning, consequently is
happy, and think* *he would not have minded oven more time
and trouble.
Haln dampen iW? maiden* ardor? Never. The field looks
lik* mt:d ji< - an<l the seats are rated with little pools of
muddy tiater. and the prospects aie bright for more rain.
V.'ith chrysanthemums tucked under one arm and her herlb
boned umbrella held tightly, down she sits— Klxty-flve-dollar
tailor «u!t forgottcn-and tries hard not to look excited, wor
ried and hopeful *11 at the fame time. She ■hlvcra with cold
and chattrrlncly declares it \s excitement, but when the game
begin* then Fhe Is oMl\ioui> to everything and every one. How
fhe cat. yell and with the best of them! She pounds the oM
gentleman's hat In* front of her until it look* .is if It might
belong to a junior, so crushed and .•■•■,• 1^ it. She hasn't
time to spo]<'Size. nnd perhaps its owner won't know about It
until he got? h< 7:1". l?ui It's nM in the game, and when the
ra.!n mm^ pouring down In bucketful* dors *he run for home?
Not much. She Ktayii and f^ets drenched with ihe rest of the
tailor gowns and the thirty-dollar-bonnets, heedless of the
little Ftream* "f water trickling down her r.eck.
Hut when It's nil over, when somebody has won and Is
wild with excitement ami Joy, und soniflmdy hu? lost and looks
t'.red r.nd cad. what does she, this fair football maiden, who
was r model of stylish femininity, look like? Happy? Yes
perchance hej <-■'!!« pc won— but such i fright! [air straight,
bonnet wet, dripping and closely re>emhling a wet bear or
pome poor, bodraggled I'iril caught out in the rain; and the
gown, the pride d her tailor's heart, wet. trlmme.l with little
streams of running water and ready to be sent tip for repairs.
But she !e r.ot the only one. There are gowns and hats to the
right nf her, nnd gowns at.d hat 6to the left of her. all soaking
wet. but nobody care*.. Hats, canes, umbrellas and f!:«gs are
waving wildly, and every "»"' !■ too excited to think of rain,
gowr.s. hats or anything.
And why does a mal<loj, don her best and In nine cases
cut cf ten pet it ruined?
Is It for the love of football or because It Is "the thing
to do"?
• • •
One cannot advocate any particular style ■■ the correct
thing for ih-- season's w<;ir. fur the d< signers have been nerd
ju! and have given coats and wraps suited to the tall and short
as well a* l« the itnut •••mi Blender. There are long mats,
short <■'>«!!*. tight-fitting torn*, coats ««-mi-rtttit:g, and for the
•..iTa-faF!-.!"!.:)!.!.- :h> !•• is ih«« fmck that \* cut straight and
wHlch will never In- popular, as It is chio on certain figures
< .rly. and that f<g»tt« !i born; l«ol made. ]t makes the woman
who i»« ptoui I'"'.: P'^Mively monstrous, and it wrinkles in hid
<■■•:«; fold* on tl,-- ».un«n who is thin. «o that she seems fairly
rhriveifd up. It 'x fm the woman "above th« avemge height,
ard plun.i ." - IHy for the being with perfect proportions.
Vet for all it nits the tack is by far the most fashionable
cioth coat of tin;- M'n'on.
Football Maiden
JUST THE SWELLEST THINGS IN
|ats ? Coats and TaiTor-Aiadfc S^ts
THAT SHE WILL WEAR AT THE
G^SVT GAMS*
THE SUNDAY CALL..
The lone coats that are so stunning on tall wom^n are mads
In delicate wood brown 01 fawn: the -••«nn"> are stitched their
length many times and the bottom flnlah»'d to match. They
have the small opening In front as well as the shorter cloaks,
i<n aa to civ* a glimpse of dr»»s*y ties. They open allirhtly tn
the left, one rever only turning over, but so made us to form
the operlng. while the coat remains closed abov* with a lone
strnj> which buttons aero^s under the high collar. Th« rever
nnd collar nre lln«"d with mink and a land of th"» fur extend*
down the front to the foot of th" coat. The toat fastens In
visibly under the- band of fur to the knee and b»low there It
Tier. open. S.me of th»se lonic coat? are trimmed with steel
buttons, five forming the fastening to th* waist m »nd at
the bottom three more buttons find button holes for the con
venience of closing the 'mat if desired. The coat is lined
throughout with heavy whit»* satin. Many of these long coats
nre m;i<le without the fur. nnd th»-r«fore nr»- not as expensive.
Ftltrhlnc and lots of It forms the trimming, nnd ditched bands
of the cloth ar»» applied severely plain In straight rows; odd
roll; • rivers and caffs ar© on many of th*se garments. The
lining used for the coat 9ls white .-.«•:!. or Matin of the -*rr.rj
color a.s the garment.
In capes "there Is a wonderful variety, from th» practical
golf to all kinds of fluffy creations. Some very smart ones ar«
made of heavy cloth and are shaped In the fashion that ha*
prevailed for Borne time, with shoulders that fit close and giv*
a iloplnz rffert. the cape sloping until it becomes quite long at
the tack and 1? short In front. A circular ruflle of the cloth
finished the jfnrrn*»nt and the trlminlns Is row after row of
Hitching. In the evening wap» m:.'!e In this same style deep
niffli s -)f lace form the border and an- built up ur<>und the fac«
until the fair face of the wearer looks like a Rower. The
;aunty little capes thut are cut circular and Just reach to the
hip line are Immensely liked. They are made of heavy cloth
and are stitched In many rows of stitching or ai>pllqued la
cloth; they are. cut. with high collars which fl:irr t> i.-k. and arm
very becoming. Thepe capes are especially sultnlitp for driving
••nd traveling, .Mill though not as warm ns a Jacket are de
cidedly smnrt an.l quite comfortable for early season wear.
The skirts worn with these capes nre usually made of
taffeta and completely covered with broadcloth applique In
large d»--lrnH. while others are made with an oversklrt of
hnndsomr net with a design in silk braid or taffeta.
In tailor gowndora there la a controversy as to what la th»
correct style of skirt. Some Of the tailors are turning; out
close-fitting hsMt skirts, with n. seam down the hack, or with
n circular back and a seam down the front. Others have a
side panel mad a entirely of pleats, nnd seme of the very smart
est have double box-pleats directly in the center of the back.
Though different in cut. each and every one In mo*t carefully
fitted nround the hips, for Dame Faahlon demands that every
thing be very close-fitting half way down the skirt, and from
there on It begins to flare until at the foot It flares more than
It has for some time. The tailor waists and coats are anything
one choi*es to have them, though the short, tlght-flttlng Jack
ets are the most popular. The Jackets made with the close
fitting back and straight rounded front are Just new. but
whether they will be In general favor remains to be seen. Th<»
double-breasted Eton Jackets have the round tab front finish
and are considered very smart. The same effect Is seen on th«
newest Jackets. A round scallop In the back, side pieces corn*
over the hips and the tnb la fastened by thre* slanting cords
with buttons at eneh end. Double rover* trim the opening, an*!
th*» space for the cnemlsette la henrt-shuped and shows the
knotted tie. When the hips are prominent the basque nhou!d
not be emphasized with any trimming, but Just have the plain
atltcl
The tailor gown the Illustration shows is made of light tan
cloth. The short. tlght-Mtting Jucket Just comes to the waist
line and iv finished with two rows of stitching. The skirt Is
perfectly plain and la made with the seam down th« back
fastening on the left fide. Th* bottom Is finished with rmvi of
stitching and a black velvet hat com] i this maiden's,
which Is a toutbuJl-solng costuma.
sya STANZA IN VIOLETS.
/->f liE was Fining lit the base of a
\^^ monument. h< r head dejectedly
y j drooped against Its marble column,
s^/ while at her feet reclined a large
A floral pillow, freshly designed, of
red and while carnations and purple vlo-
A* lieutenant Osmond paused along the
path but a few yards from her he was
conscious of * sound of suppressed *ob-
Mr.g. Anpronchinc his family mausoleum
th* young army ofHcer entered thereat
and. partially drawing the damaFk cur
tain from the window, he gazed out in
tcr.tly toward -.hat drooping figure at the
adjacent monument, end from hi- point
«f waM j;l»>— t o «If ; clpher~th~e~quo^~
tail<-n upnn the floral pillow.. It was from
Sir Walter Scott iu;d traced In violets
upon a white background:
■ i-.if - ''■
Bil<S«*r. re*t: rhr warfare o'er.
SWp the »|p~p n,«t know* no broking;
r>r*>ani <>f hattleOeMi no more—
Day* of dancer, night* of waking. (
An Osraor.d repeated the lines hnlf-aloud
he felt a queer sensation in his throm— a
••tfißMion which, instee.d < f tours, is c-ft^n
manifest with men In moments of pathos.
Presently th«» woman arose and pro
ceeded to brush some dead leaves from
the ground b^s-id* the tomb, upon which
there was nothing to Indicate a grave, and
the lieutenant watched her graceful move
ments with such engrossment that when
v • at ler.jrth brought h!s eyes back to hi>
<twti Immediate environment he half start
ed as they suddenly encountered the ala
baster angel poised on invisible wires and
keeping guardianship over the tomb of
fcl* father. He touched the curtain as
with an Impulse to close it again, but in
stead pushed It further aside to admit
mor< ftvely the late afternoon sunlipht.
He had brought some fresh roses whi«"h
he r.f>w placed upnn the casket resting
cpon lt» richly draped I<W: they were of
the Marorha.l Nlel creation and filial the
•epulcher with tholr sweet redolence.
Then he lay about the foot of the coffin
a silken American flag, battle-foiled and
rest, which honored Insignia of our I'nlon
had but yesterday been anfurled al.^ft in
answering salutation to the loud welcom
ing cheers that had gon^ out to the Tirst
California heroes as their transport proud
ly bore them through the Golden <"tat<\
Trstrrday had Lieutenant Opmo:id re
tuined home from his campaign at the
Philippines, and his present visit to the
family mauttiileum wa« to pay a sold'er'a
tribute to the tneniory of h!s father, who.
. ioo, hud be^n a solder.
AJI day long end the ril^h: previous the
yocng officer had bern partidnating in
variouii entertainments, elaborately ar
rar.r''d by tb^se who Joyously hailed the
returned heroes of war. and It was only
by adroit maneuvering that he had at last
separated himself from his host to pay
his sacred \lslt in the cemetery. Having
duly :irr.ii:s"'i th<« rosea and th.-« flag, he
stood, bare-headed; beside the easkrt, re
y»ear:r:fr audibly the Inscription upon its
po!!i-h«.J diver plate:
L. nr.it may r-.ir Jan.l b» hrlcht
Wltli freedi n.> h.^ly litlit.
1 : ! rt ua ly Thy miiit.
Great >'••'■!, our ltiriß.
"1 wish no Filly epitaph upon my tomb:
wr!t*» tht-re thn*e words rr>ncelv« i d by the
BOUI of <>ur true patriot," had said his fa
th»r. and accordingly Everard had or
4ered th« lin«^ from ••America." and
l.n now repeated thi-m with the same
emotional f . <linß that h* had expe
rienced u;>)ii reading- the motto in
violets. An Impulse came over him ns
be • ■ ied standing there to shift the
t:U«r ; .i\.<-\ and inuk upon the features
of tt.<- .S;..irtiil. but :2ns he rt'Fist<»d, as
u;m !i thai blood-dyed arr.» so lately nbnn
dontni. as he had closed the eyes ot a
. !: ■> h.-i.i fallen beside him in his
■ ■ i ;i t : a « t before tho en»-jny, be .-ad
T I* in enough! 1 wish never again
l< :itn: i
run w;.^ w Iting "? h* left th»
■ . ■.. In bis ;■:■ rupatlon he had for
, •■ _ •;.■• youn«£« >man .-it the tomb,
but bavin* jron< • . r steps ah* re
t ••••. i. his i ■:•.!. whercupbnj he
involuntarUy .md glanc-
Ing fotward observed her hoy
: •••.■<r .. Liasket from
which v ie was taking red
end white and purple
blossom*, which she deft"
ly arrayed upon th*
X'lat recently c • .r- J
of^drad leaves, mak'
ir.j? of thin a vtr»
(table raouud, at
the i.r-ad of
which s h ♦
placed th»
patriot!/
f.oral pll.
low. 69
absorbed was she in herwork that she not
ed not her Interested spectator until sud
denly her beautiful russet gold hair be
came anoonflned and she tossed the falling
shimmering; coils backward with ■ move
ment of her head which brought her eyes
on a level with Everard's own. With a
startled exclamation she hastily arose,
lotting fall the royals from her hand,
while a crimson wave swiftly mantled her
lovely face.
Inwardly chiding himself for having
perturbed her. though innocently, Ever
ard advanced quickly toward her. mur
muring a rather incoherent apology:
__!!LJ>eg;_yourjisrdoiL. madam; but I was
watching your artistic arrangement of the
flower*. I note they are all In patriotic
color?. May 1 ask if you have a soldier
relative buried here?"
Kor a moment she regarded him in si
lenco. feeling It difficult to regain her
composure under the dark, earnestly
questioning eyes of the stronger, who in
physique rnnirded her of some storied
cod of empire, and giving him an oppor
tunity to <liM-ern that her own eyes,
•.hough sligiitly humid as with recent
t^ars. were blue as the royals at her feet.
At length she replied to Mi query, ad
.lrossiisg him according to the insignia of
his uniform:
"No. lieutenant, my mother alone Her
here; this (Indicating the mound of llow
ors with a graceful gesture* was inttMided
for my brother's last resting place, but"—
her voiff fell to a tremulous whisper. "l"
enlisted with the Kirst California Infantry
Volunteer.-* and s.iil.d with his regiment
for Manila on that May day over a year
ago. Lost February we saw his name
among those fatally wounded at the battle
of Santa Ana and I have come to decorate
his grave jusl as if he were indeed buried
—to consecrate to his beloved memory
the flowers with which 1 would have gaily
decked him had be returned with them.
Listen! hear th<* din of the jubilant mul
tituilt' whose loved ones have been re
unit'M to them and se«- the flags every
where triumphantly flaunting. How it all
sefnis to mock my grief! But i know
there are ninny sorrowing like myself for
thfir lost brave and I am striving to rec
oncile myself to the law of Providence,
which at first seemed so unkind, as. aside
from my father, Archie was all 1 had."
There was a brief silence, then spoke
the lieutenant:
"I. myself, am of the First California
Infantry Regiment. Your brother's name
was Archie. You say— Archie "
•"Archibald Hammond."
Lieutenant Osmond repeated the name
meditatively.
"1 am certain. Miss Hammond." he add
ed, "of having heard the name before. If
Indeed. 1 have not met your brother per
sonally. T'pon returning to my apart
ments 1 will refer to my war memoran
da, which may contain some reference
to him. If so. where will a muni
cation reach you?"
••At Sacrair.ento street. Ad
dress to Violet Han-.rrionrt."
He made a note of th« ad
dress and tonk deferential
leave of the beautiful
mourner. But all that
night the lovely pale face
of V!«let Hammond,
with its "royal." tear
humid eyes and its
halo of glorious
golden hair,
haunted his
bed - chamber,
banishing
deep there-
from, holding him in a thralldom.
On the following morning she received a
large bunch of California violets, accom
panied by the lieutenant's card.
They were brought by a messenger; and
Violet hovered over her favorite name
sake blossoms Inhaling their perfume
with a strange, sweet ecstasy.
"Would she ever meet the handsome sol
dier again?" she wondered, and concluded
not, as she was In mourning and would
not, therefore, attend any of the social
functions where he would be always hon
ored as his superior manhood and insignia
of war merited. No, in the vista of gloom
which encompassed her she could not,
though belonging to San Francisco's "ex
clusive set," expect the felicity which such
social contact would engender; but there
is a "Providence which shapes our ends. '
and the ensuing morning Violet was hand
ed by the housemaid another card, the fac
simile of that which had accompanied
Lieutenant Osmond's gift of violets.
"The day Is superb, and I have come to
ask you to drive with me to the Presidio,"
he said, a* she joined him duly in the par
lor.
Her face crimsoned, but also it wore an
'expression of strange beatitude as. won
dering somewhat at his informal request,
she gracefully asi?cnu-d to it. and soon she
was seated beside him in a box-cart
drawn by ■ pair of line spirited chestnuts
end rolling along the boulevard toward
the military rendezvous. The late August
day was ideal, with Its pacific sky and
the flower-sweet air just palpably stirred
by the ocean breeze. There were many
equipages on the popular thoroughfare*,
most rf which, gnyly decked in bunting,
and streaming flags, were carrying festive
soldiers and their friends to and from
the scene of the encampment.
But Violet's spirit partook not of
the occasion's revelry. She was In
comparably sad, and though her
companion strove to entertain
her with narrative of his re
cent campaign In the foreign
island?, her dlstraitness
was patent to him and he
knew sh? was thinking
of that floral mound
under the cypress—
that grave upon
which rested the
Pillow with Its
pathetic motto
in violets.
ShemarveW
that hemade
no allusion
t ->her lost
brother,
and if
THE SUNDAY CALL.
By Ada L. Halstead.
he had forgotten to make the promised reference to Ids *v
memorandum in respect to Archibald.
"I take It," Osmond remarked, aa they P«««d through
the arched gateway and proceeded up the flower-flanked
dri\*e toward the Presidio, "that you would not object te
visiting the hospital. Miss Hammond."
Violet looked at him wonderlngly. **I *»* not con
sidered as to that. Lieutenant Osmond."
"I intend calling upon a sick comrade there.
and as it is ■ case of particular interest I fan
cied you would like to come."
"Certainly. I will come with you," she as.
nuiesced. and despite her heart's dominant
sorrow the thought crossed her mind at
that instant that she would gladly should
he ask her, accompany him to the re
motest part or the globe. Yet. albeit "
she was of a romantic nature, no
thought of love occurred to her.
To Ormond himself the moment
was a supreme one.
At her words he exclaimed
elatedly. "Good!"
Violet wondered what re
lation the term could
possibly have to a vlplt
at the bedside of a
sick soldier, which
to her promised no
thing but sadness,
"Is the com
rade to whom
you refer of
your own
company.'
•he asked.
"He is of my
regiment." With
this brief/ and eva
sive answer the
lieutenant assisted
her from the carriage.
They entered the hos
pital and were conducted
to a aeml-darkcned room,
from which at their en
trance and a silent signal
from Osmond a nurse softly
withdrew.
"Who Is here?" a voice spoke
■oftly from the bed.
"It Is I, Lieutenant Osmond, who
called upon you this morning. I
have brought a lady with me, and am
going to leave her to sit with you for a
HtUi while."'-- /.-;■
"But— a— my father and sister. Lieutenant
Oemond! Did you visit them and are they
coming to see me?" "''.''
The words, though eagerly spoken, were very
faint and If Lieutenant Osmond heard he made
bo reply to them, but turning to Violet he mur-
V?u r wlU 8l please pardon me. Miss Hammond. I'll re
turn shortly." Then he passed out.
Uke one dazed Violet sat. her eyes riveted upon the door
through which he disappeared What could his- summary
,eave-taklng of her portend? Bhe was half alarmed at the
itrange position In which she had been so abruptly placed.
The sick soldier lay quiet, as If waiting for some one to speak.
rhe clock told the noon hour and the last ringing chimes roused
violet. Advancing toward the bed. she strove to see more distinctly
the sick man's countenance, but there was a broad bandage about
.tin eyes and she could only perceive that his face was very pale and
emaciated. Bending gently over him she timidly ventured:
•Tou came
on the trans
port Sherman,
of course?"
The sick man
moved restively.
"Ye*." he said: "yes.
ma'am. 1 sailed with
my regiment, but It was
a strange voyage: they
had to carry me to the
»teamer as they had to carry
me here.
"Oh, then you were 111 at the
starting? " asked Violet less con
strainedly.
"Yes and for six months previous.
I was wounded at the battle of Santa
Ana last bruary— at first they thought
fatally-and 11 had been better so. as I
am crippled and blind; at the islands
they said incurably blind, but maybe they
were mistaken, and now I am home my
father will have me treated by ■ special
ist. i expect him tale forenoon, but
likely Lieutenant Osmond ha* not had
time to inform him as to my being at the
hospital. They think of me as dead, no
doubt, as it was reported so In the papers
and afterward I hadn't the heart to
write to them just how It was. It will be
all but Jolly for father and VI to find me
like this."
"For whom— whom did you say. ' eager
ly questioned Violet, bending lower over
the Invalid.
"For the governor and Vl— Violet, who
Is my sister."
Still lower bent the young girl, her
breath now coming fast.
••Why:' she exclaimed, "is it not odd?
I had a brother -t the Philippines and my
name also is Violet!"
"Yes. It Is odd, very ot.d." accorded the
your* soldier, "and of count* your
brother came back with the rest?"
"Alas, no. Among the unmarked graves
on that far-off island battlefield 1- that of
my darling Archibald."
"Archibald?" bewilderedly repeated the
young soldier.
"Yes, Archibald Hammond."
There was a quick, low cry. The sick
man stared Into a sitting posture, his
arms outstretched toward her. and even
in the semi-darkness Violet saw the radi
ant glow upon hi- face.
it Is not so. It is not so!" he cried.
"Oh. cruel fate that deprives me the hap
piness of beholding you. Violet, my sweet
California Violet! Look at me. Do you
not see? I am your soldier brother, your
poor, disabled An .lbald, returned from
the Philippines'."
"My experiment has succeeded!" radi
antly announces the specialist who for
the past thrss months has been In at-
Jha
teas
Sitting
at the Base
of a Monument.
tendance upon Archibald.
"Thlß inornir.R I removed th*
bandages fnm my patient's
eyes and he wa'.kpd about th©
room minutely describing Its furni
ture, bric-a-brac, etc."
Lieutenant Osmond hears the good
news and hastily repairs to the home of
his betrothed to offer his congratulations
In behalf of the convalescent hero.
"Lieutenant," exclaims Archibald, as
they sit with him In the conservatory.
In whose soft at .losphore the orchids are
dalntllv blooming and the November sun
beams kiss the b*»jCfiniaV radiant foliage
and a canary Is caroling her Joyous au
tumn roundelay. "I plalnly^recall your
face, li as you who at Santa Ana car
ried me wounded. Weeding and ill but
blind from that av.ful scene of conflict.
Had " not been for your . inanity I
would not be ben with -on to-day. And
to think how clevrly you arranged that
meeting at the Presidio between Violet
and me!'
"Oh. was it not clever I" cries Violet
with felicitous prMe sht? fastens a
"dove" orchid blossom In the lapel of her
lover's coat, "and was not my meeting
with F^verard in the cemetery a novel
one? Think of It. how 1 was marking
your patriotic grave under the cypress
beside mother's tomb, an. l how th«
funeral pillow Is there yet with Its motto
v -itten In violets! You must drive with
Everard and me to-morrow and view
your crave in "«Itv."
"Yes." says Archibald. "I will drive
with • 01: To-morrow will he Thanksgiv
in*. d I will brin* that pillow li .me to
treasure as ; »ov >nlr M war."
RATHER /NOVEL PISHING FOR
WILT SHARKS.
This being the season for fish yarn*.
John Ritchie, who has for years con
ducted most of the shorthand work at na
tional conventions, sprung this story at
th.* Press Club. It took the biscuit, to to
apeak:
"About the funniest thing I saw." h<*
said, "was while on a vessel down oft*
Cape Hatteras Inlet or some point near
there. One day we ran Int.. about forty
thousand million sharks. There was a
lot of them, and I wondered if they were
all there for me. I do think shark*
give everybody a sort of creepy feeling.
We had some fun with them. There was
a passenger on board who had had torn*
experience with th» beasts before. Ha
went to the cook and sot him to make a
lot of dumplings. He came on deck with
three or four dozen of them .and began
tossing them to the sharks.. They
snapped them down eagerly. Now you
must bear In mind that these dough balls
In coming from the cook had time to cool
on th. outside so that he did not notice
anything out of the way. But the inside
of that ball was like a fiery furnacr. and
in a minute after it had been swallowed
the heat begun to act. I don't believe
there is anything hotter than hot dough.
and If not exposed to the air It keeps hot.
Well, you should have seen those sharks
Jump and plunge and throw themselves.
I never saw anything like it In my life,
and while I am always opposed to cruelty,
It doesn't seem* as if there was any barm
In doing thins to a shark."
2324
Was a Major and High Official in the Service of the United States.
Rob^i
Wauon,
V^st
point
Graduate
and Capitalist,
©nee pTsmTSS^
t^tts Why He
as a P^Tvatg.
WHEN the United State* trnno
j-rt City of Sydney steamed
out from the Folsom Ftrert
d'>rk the othrr day thr-r»» was
a pretit waving of hatu and
bandkerchlets, and the usual
unund of a thousand leave-takings— some
careless Mid pay; som<- sad and TOW
ful. Fligh up In the ropes, over th» rails
of both drrks, nnd from the towering
maftP the ro.stl<«s blue-clad figures waved
and rhout^d. and the company band
playod th«> Ft rains of ji national air— but
among all the noise and flutter of the
Upper deck there was one silent ar.d mo
tionless figure, standing alone and grave
!<'Hd* the great Kl'.kfii flag of the regi
ment. Th'-re was none to bid him god-
Fp^'d nnd none to ■■■•••.'■ felt con-
Rtrninrd to hay good-by.
It mvi th<» flpure of Sergeant James
rtfibcrt Wasson, the color bearer of Com
pmnjr M. Forty-sixth rirclmcnt.
Not always has Scrpcant Wasson's mll-
Itary Utl« beta fi Fimple. The man who
one menth ago unlisted as a private In
the T'riitrd States army at Washington la
Flxtren yearn older than th* man who
was major and paymaster of the MM
army In the year ISR3— much older, mulch
graver a::d- much wiser— but the came
man.
The upper deck of th<» transport was
figuratively alive «ith Foldlers, and I had
much difficulty In tiding him. A kindly
corporal toucht him out for me and con
ducted me to where he stood, motionless
and alr>ne. wrapped In his own thoughts
and looking out to the sea.
In to him, and
.••* d.
"Yf-s." he said. "I am James Robert
Wasson. I suppose you want to write me
up. I have been pretty well written up
already. I believe." He smiled sadly.
It is Fa!d tliat he la 53. He looks 45. and
his Ftcady gray eyes have a way of sl
lenring thoughts of his past-that past
which rises against his future and kills
i. : hop* of military achievement with the
potna of a dishonor and disgrace that
1s deemed In the ethics of the military
profession unpardonable.
"No." nald he. "I am not entertaining
any thoiißht* of banning at the bottom
of the ladder acain; I havo al-out done
with .tf< -rnrtlnir and descending ladders."*
Frrs^rnnx Wauoa offers no excuse for
Us past ai:d makef :io effort at a defense.
Hf fp<:,>ts of hl» p:i«t an a thine mialter
able fuid therefore to be dismissed from
<3lscustlon.
•Yon ran tay. .... my motives ore
questioned, that I have rnllstrd— well, Just
tor the purpose of servlnK honorably and
Jiov* J Jiave Spent Sixty- Jhree Jhanksgtiing &aus at %Sea.
Continued fr^m Pnge Twenty-one
mile off the water boiled like a caldron.
The wind ma whirling ami bringing thi
water up ten feet high and aiming right
toward us. I ordrred. *l^rt go all the
bcITSTIS.' "Hi* sails nil cam* down, but
the v.lrA put them right back again ami
lifted my bowsprit and broke It off, aiid
the foremast was broken In three places.
Then the mainmast went I had nothing
left Mandlng but my mlzzenmast. I was
Ftandlng aft and never felt a breath of
wind. She went all forward of the main
mast an.l took everything »he struck over
board. _ '
"In the midst of the confusion the Chi
nese rook managed to get aft. He rushed
Into the caMn and bawled out at my wife:
'Madam, n.-ifts all gone; sails all gone;
tulkey all gone; evelythlng gone; no din
ocr--no nothing.' My wife hurried on
deck and found that the Chinaman had
told the truth."
Captain Holme* recounted his Thanks
giving reminiscences not as vaguely re
membered dreams by any means, but he
Jlvcd them again with the enthusiasm of
long cpn. :,, 1
"Superstitious? Oh. yes, or course; nil
sailors ox© superstitious."^ Then, with an
X an honorable discharge, i wnnt
the :ivniy w:;h a betur record
• ■
ttludee to his r.-pentunce
in speaking of the hum-
air of reluctance, "but do you know, there
is something really queer about one of
their whims, and that is the 'black cat'
bugbear.
"We were off Montevideo, near the
i-« Platta We had been becalmed there
for five days. I had a black kitten
aboard, about which the sailors had don©
a d'al of talking. One day Home gulls
were flying around the ship r.nd the kit
ten Jumped Into the channel In close pur
suit. Suddenly a bird darted near n.-r.
she gave a little spring and over she
went. No effort was made to save her;
they were all glad to pee her go and I
knew nothing about 11 until half an hour
later, when a spanking breczo sprung up
and some one said: 'We'll have luck
now; the cat's overboard." Sure enough,
we had it. too. fter crooning '■' south In
the Atlantic we made San Francisco In
forty-Fix days— a record that since then
ha« never been equaled— and the sailors
claim It v.-a« the hoodoo cat which be
calmed ÜB."
Captain Holmes laughed heartily at
the popular superstition, then suddenly
grew grave. "Can you Imagine." he con
tinued, .ring your plilp down upon
a dismasted ship— a wreck with her crew
Me hopes of the future. The proud and
sensitive nature veils whatever of turbu
lent feeling there may be beneath the
aim exterior, and the hesitancy and deli
cacy with which be avoids direct allu
on dock— .1 crew, whose shift at th«
pumps had at l:is>t worn them out? That
is the sight 1 beheld fourteen years ago
last Thanksgiving dity.
"We were Just six weeks out of New
York when we found the Iviiraehee adrift
with nine feet of water In the hold. Tho
men had been ar the pumps night and
day and were giving up hope when the
Charmer hove in Fight. One little, white
flag fluttered In the breeze and when we
got near enough we Paw a sight that we
are not iikely to forget. Thirty-five men
were on their knees offering up thanks
to God for their deliverance. The men
were crying like little children for very
Joy.
"When I arrived in New York on the
next trip I found a very handsome gold
goblet awaiting me. It was a present
from the English Government . bearing
the date of the Kurachee crew rescue.. But
that . rescue was no deed of bravery
worthy of. a medal, Mill 1 am proud of
It because It is the only Thanksgiving
present I ever received." ,i»:
And this is the story that th» world*
oldest shipmaster tel!?, the skipper who
has spent sixty-three years on the dtt.i>.
THE SUNDAY CALL,.
■ions are the only evidence of his Inner
• elf. The unmistakable bearing of the
West Point graduate and the reticence of
6ergeant Wasson nip pointed questions In
the hud. though a kindly manner Invites
Interest.
Th« photographer was taking a snap
•hot of the color guard, and he was called
to Join the group. As he stood there, his
splendid physique outlined against the
rouyh background of ship masts and
ropes, his appearance was strikingly mil
itary and soldierly. It was not then dif
ficult to Identify Sergeant Wasson of the
Forty-sixth with Colonel J. R. Wasson.
chief engineer of the Imperial amry of
Japan, the Incumbent of the chair of civil
engineering In the Imperial University of
Tokio and a member of the Imperial
Order of Merit. In place of the simple
three-stripe sleeve of his uniform. It was
" easy to Imagine the Imperial decoration
of the Rising Sun.
It was less easy to think of him as tne
roan who, sixteen years ago. proved fattn
less to a. national triiFt— as the Inventor
of the cunning but unavailing trick with
which he endeavored to ward off the pun
ishment of his crime. It -was this man
who, sixteen years ago. startled the occu
pants of a Texas train with the news that
his satchel, containing $25,000 In Govern
ment funds, had been stolen from under
his berth. Ho and his clerk left the
train, telegraphed the officers, organized
a posse and retraced the railroad track,
to find the satchel, safely locked on top
but cut open at the sides, and the treas
ure gone.
The fever of the gambling table had got
Into the brain of Major Wasson, and he
had been startling all Galveston with his
reckless ventures; so the story was doubt
ed. He was tried? court-martialed rod
dismissed from the army and sentenced to
two years in prison, which he served.
That, they B.iy, was how a military ca
reer In the armies of two Kovcrnmentu,
meteoric In Its brilliancy, was ended In
disgrace and dishonor sixteen years ago.
But the end was not yet. An appeal was
made to Secretary Root a month ago in
Wasson's behalf, and he was so convinced
of the sincerity of the man's contrition,
and admired his pluck and ambition to
such an extent that Wasson has been per
mitted to enlist as a private In the army
from which he had been lgnominlously
dismissed, with the quiet and unostenta
Happy Idea oF a CaSe to Keep the Children SaFe.
*-* VR. SHELBY MARTIN, the
[\ /I banker. Is certainly a man of
I y I resources, and as the patter
V. * I song In "Mikado" runs, he "has
JL devised a plan whereby young
men may best be steadied." that Is, very
young men. The young man who has
developed all this latent talent In Mr.
Martin Is his hopeful son and heir. John
We«tley Martin, aged about I years.
Mr. Martins troubles began when he
gave up his comfortable home In this city
and moved to Oakland for the winter.
His family physician said the baby must
have more fresh air and a chance to root
In the dirt, otherwise he could not an
swer for his health, and as the baby did
not seem to be abnormally rugged, Mr.
Martin, like a devoted husband and a
doting father, moved to Oakland. He
rented a swell flat on Eighth street and
settled down for a few months of peace
and quiet, where the chirp of the cricket
and the croak of the bullfrog harmonise
sweetly with the hum of the trolley car.
Mr. Martin found everything Just as
the obliging real estate man had prom
ised. The climate was all right, and the
dirt for the boy to play In was there la
abundance. Then there was the con
venience of having a trolley car pass the
door every five minutes.
The baby's health began to Improve
rapidly; not so with his parents, for
they were gradually being worn to shad
ows from constant watching. During
business hours Mrs. Martin and th«
housemaid had to stand watch and
watch, as they do on board chip, In or«
der to rescue that boy from under the
wheels of the trolley car. and when Mr.
Martin came home In the afternoon he
had to stand his watch. This brought
things to the point where patience
ceases to be a virtue, and the head of
the family set his wits on some scheme
to overcome this constant worry. He
consulted all the neighbors without suc
cess; then he tried the commuters. One
crusty old bachelor advised him to tie
the boy to a tree. Sheriff Martin said
he would lend the banker a pair of leg
irons, with the further suggestion that
It might be a good idea to place a ring
bolt In the Sidewalk, then fasten the
irons to the ring with a chain lust Ion?
enough to keep the boy clear of th«
track. But somehow none of these sug
gestion* seemed to please Mr. Martin
very much, and Mrs. .Martin considered
them Just brutal. , •  * „ ..
One day. In order to give Mrs. Mart n
a much needed rest, her husband said
he would take the boy to the clrcu;. and
while enjoying the wonders of tna
menagerlo they finally arrived In front
of the monkey cage. Of course the 111
tious purpose of "serving honorably and
getting an honorable discharge."
The Forty-sixth have already recog
nized his personality and his evident abil
ity. Within the month he has been pro
moted to the rank of sergeant, with the
special honor of being a member of the
color guard. He palled with his regiment
on the City of Bjrdney.
When questioned as to his friendship
with the son of General Grant, the eer
geant grew communicative.
"We were classmates at West Point,
and we have always been close friends.
The papers are wrong in their idea that
I helped him through tho academy and
coached him through his examination-*—
they are wrong, entirely wrong. It was
not so; we were classmates and friends,
that mi all."
Serjeant Wasson is modest she loyal
to his friend. It li a matter of tradition
nt the academy that Fred Grant was as
dull as he was good-natured, and that
Wahson as a cadet was at the head of the
school and was as intellectual and bright
as his friend was dull:, It Is a matter of
tradition. a thct Fred Grant was pa
tiently aided and pulled through bit four
years at the academy by his devoted
friend, and tradition adds also that it
was through the Influence of Sergeant
Wasson that the professors of the acade
my were enabled to compromise' the mat
ter vith their consciences and grant the
son of the President his diploma."
"Is it not true that you were th« pro- -
tege and particular friend of General
Grant himself?"
"The general had the kindness to Inter
est himself In me. • It was through his
Influence that I entered the Japaneso
army— ln fact It was upon his advice and
by his kindness that I was enabled to go
to Japan at tlrst. It was not done through
the gratltudo of the general for my sup
posed kindness to Fred— that Is absurd."
Sergeant Wasson has a mother away
back In lowa, ho told mo. with tears In
his eyes, and there was a look of tender
ness! on his handsome face. When I told
him he had been photographed he asked
me to send one of the photos to her.
"She is the dearest old lady, with whit©
hair—"
The sergeant suddenly broke off. sighed
and gave me the address— "Mrs. Julia A.
Wasson. Stanhope, lowa." He comes of
a good old German family of lowa and ho
tie boy clapped his hands in delight wh?n
he beheld the playful beasts. "< >h.
papa," he cried, see what a nice little
playhouse the monkey* have, and th--y
can't get out on the railroad track, so
they never get whipped for running
away."
Lucky star! Surely there tai an In
spiration. As soon as the show was over
Mr. Martin hurried home and Informed
his wife that he had struck the correct
Koiutlon for their problem at last. "Never
mind what It Is." he exclaimed with aup
A Playground That Molds the Youngsters Secure From the Trolley Wheels.
Is proud of the fart.
Sergeant Wasson also had n wife. tt<»
met her In Japan— the daughter of John
Blngham, special rnvoy to the Mikado's
court from the United States. Th« ro
mance In the sergeant's life was short;
the bride lie brought from the Orient dte-1
soon after they returned to America. It
was the one romance of his life,, though
he was a man very popular In the society
circles to which hla high position gave
him open sesame. He speaks very tender
ly of her.
"She died bcfore-whlle I was still In
tho army." he said, gently fondling the
silken Bag the honor of bearing which Is
accorded him.
It is odd and pathetic to see the honest
pleasure and appreciation evinced by the
man In the humble honors of the present
In comparison with the reckless careless
ness with which ho threw away the high
otllccs of the past.
"It Is considered a special honor," he
told me, "to be appointed color sergeant.
It is a privilege any man should be proud
of to be allowed to bear the colors." And
he added with simple pride, "I was pro
moted sergeant Immediately after I en
listed."
Gently straightening the folds of the
flag he spoke again of his hopes of hon
orable and active service.
Among the thousand passengers , on the
City of Sydney there are many who are
ambitious of military distinction, but
-there are none to whom their ambition
Is more precious than that of Sergeant
Wasson.
Besides the friend of his youth, who Is
now Brigadier General Grant, Sergeant
Was* expects to meet many military
friends In the Philippines, for he was
widely known and universally liked.
Colonel Walter Schuyler. who Is In com
mand of the Forty-sixth Regiment, and
who sailed with them to the Philippines, la
an old classmate. He will experience many
bitter humiliations In his self-enforced
service. It Is a serious offense for an
ofllcer of the army to speak with one who
has been dismissed from military position
and from the army under the circum
stances which attended the sergeant's
dismissal, unless upon matters of an offi
cial nature. Just what will happen when
the- lowly sergeant meets tho brigadier
general Is a matter of Interesting conjec
ture, but it Is safe for one to predict that
pressed excitement; "Just U\\ me where
I can find a carpenter. I will show you
In the morning what I mean to Jo."
When the carpenter came he was 01
to build a simple monkey cage In the
front yard. Mr. Meyers, a neighbor said
he would look into that matter as soon
as it became known to him, for he too
had a child who was taking a try at dis
puting the right of way with the trolley
company at least ten times a day. H*
thought he would build one himself
"Never mind that," said Mr. Martin; "It
J\fou/
Qolor
ser^ea9t
porty-Jixt^
there will be an infrlnßpmrnt of fh* riffM
military rule. The ties "f so i»rnn| a
friendship are not easily broken, oven
though they rnnfllrt with the rlßld dis
cipline of tho nrniy.
What Jnm»>s l(>it>ert Wnsson has been
doing during t!i»- i^rlod that has elapsed
ulnce he wa* mn|nr and paymaster until
h© cnll.strd In thr> rirmy as a private **•
vur much of the usual career of nn un
usually Intellectual professional man. !!•»
has practiced law anil has *>»■•* ' occupied
with civil engineering pursuit* In his na
tive State. Th© result Is rh it ho Is
wealthy. In those nlxteen yearn he hna
amacspd a fortune of iu>v.-nrd of Jl0O,0O«\
ii- ha.« left the luxuries of a beautiful
home for th© hardships of th© humbla
soldier. "A pood name 1* better than creat
riches." It 15 1.1-* name he wishes to
cleans© from th© stain of dishonor— his
wealth rould not do It— so he has left It
all behind and Rone forth t<> fare th© prl
vutlons of the lowly soldier.
As the transport steamed out I mw
him standing there, motionless and pray©.
arnons the r^stlrss shouting noldler*.
fondly BupportlnK th© fluttering silken
<-.)!■. In hi* eyes the humble hop© ami
written on his far© th© couraK© to stru*
gl© up from the. wreckage of his reputa
tion and the dlsprar© of dishonor to tho
pro. i. attainment »>f worthy servlc© ami
an honorable dtacharjc?
NAN BYXBEE.
An Alaskan Jiome.
An Alaskan hut Is not the worst place In
the WorldStar from It. Its Interior con
sists of a square floor of earth flanked on
all sides by two wide Udges rising ftw
nliove the other like a t*>rruce. On th«*
lower one rest the cooking, weaving *nd
fishing utensils, the kniw-s and needles,
pots and pans. On the upper l»<lgu. with
much display «f wonderfully woven
blankets, are the beds. In the center of
the room glows the tire., the smoke grop
ing Its way out of a hole In the roof. Aft«-r
the day's work Is done nnd the stomachs
of both people and dugs arc full, the f.im-
Jly gathers around the fire. Facing the
door sits the father, next him the mother;
on one hand the eors and on the other th«
daughters, even to the third and fourth
generation. It may^be. Beyond these ar»
the- servant* M Slaves. Each baa his
place and takes It as a matter of course.
Without. In the darkness, tb« dogs clut
ter about the d'>or and howl. The ray*
ti-rlous and Implacable sea keeps up Its
thunder. Tho snow-capped mountains,
with their Illimitable glaciers, lie Just be
yond. Tho shafts of the northern ltghu
dart through the sky. Ilka the harpoon*
of a titan, with incredible celerity, is It
strange that, amid scenes bo wild and,
fearful, superstitions also wild and fear
ful spring into existence? Or can one b«
surprised that In an unlettered country
the story-tellers are of mighty power
and tell tales that affright tne children
tUI they scramble to th« safe shelter of
their mother's arms? When the family
sings In strange broken yet rhythmlral
measures, the il^trs howl louder than be
fore, and the women sway their squat
bodies back and forth unceasingly, keep
ing their hands occupied meanwhile at
their tasks of weaving or braiding. Th«
men carve their spoor.s or cut curious Ug
urrs from th* black slate. The suitor for
the hand of one of the daughters enters
slyly and takes a seat with the sons. No
protest Is made. The father and mother
go on with their little tasks, the young
girls giggle after the fashion of girls th*
world over. And the suitor, thus unre
pulsed^ contents himself, thinking hts
case won. The oldest nraonj them chants
some old folk-song, and the father rise*.
It is the signal for good-nights. Tha
ashes are spread over tne ttre. and by th«
light of a few tlshes' tails, dried for th»
lighting, the family goes to bed. forgetful
of crashing bergs, or the mysterious au
rora, of the mountains where the snow
lies forever and alway. Bo Is home made
anywhere where the spirit of home exists.
—Self-Culture Magazine for November.
Is to he 10 by 12. and quits larr* enough
for both children."
Th« very day after the circus had ris
ltcd Oakland Mr. Martin's Idea, that pro
tection like charity should begin at horn*
was a working reality, and now each"
pleasant mornlnr John Wealey Martin
and Miss Busle Meyers, aged respectively
three and four, are carefully locked In
the monkey cafe. there to remain until
their parents think proper to release
them, as the reader may %— by th« pho
tograph.Many Things for Which San Francisco Should Give Thanks.
II bu!>ln«» and Industrial prosperity San
Frardsoo has much to be thankful for thin year. Hardly
baa there been a twelvemonth In Its history when more of
substantial progress In the lines upon which the greatness
and power of a city rest has b*en achieved. The especial
feature of the year has be :. the blossoming of that general
business activity and Incidental prosperity, which, though
often during the two prior years proclaimed as about to ap
pear, seemed nevertheless slow in developing. Now. however.
unquestioned business rurh 1* undoubtedly at hand. It Is felt
In the affairs of almost every citizen, and nowhere more pro
nounced than in the establishments of small dealers. More
tnen arc employed In the city than has been the case since
S3l, and }.pM-;Hy never before have there been M many wage
earners thriftily engaged. Prices of commodities, which are
the wages of ?o many producers, are higher than heretofore,
and wages by week and month are generally higher all along
the ]!r.»«. The tramp problem, which was at one time so men
aclr.r and offered so much material to the disciples of unrest.
has mm 1 f.-.ded away, and a tramp upon the streets or in the
parks has come to be an unfamiliar object. Indeed, sore stress
has been f. '.t in the fruit growing, hop picking ajid other areas
of the. State >H:rfnc the past s-eason owing to lack of necessary
lahrr ;.. handle the products, while the canneries met wtlh
quite MVcre Wses from the same deficiency, and many tons
of fruit which would have been otherwise preserved were
Jieeej-snrilv thrown trt rvnai*
This anomalous condition Is not local In any one part of
California, but it pervades the State. In nearly all lines the
activities rrl irh exist have called into employment whatever
currlf.N or Fi-'e hnnur, "subs** and the like that the industry
maintained^ and there is still, as can be attested by the want
columns c,f the newspapers and the placards -«f employment
offlo •■> a «!c;irth rather than a surplusage of labor.
An examination of those sources or place? where records of
busSne*s are koj't phows'the increase of 1*539 over the preceding
year upon the V>aMs of nine months from January t j Septem
ber inclusive :o be between SO and 25 per cent. Possibly from
no n-uroe can « more <lefinite idea of the trend »nd magnitude
of tmdv b<* had than from the business of the Clearing-house.
The « Tearing-house deals only with checks, and checks are
drawn be: ween Individuals in Ji<jui«Ja:ion of balances growing
cut o2 oor.tracJa. No Instruments so amply express the volume
of business as the sum totals of the checks that pass within the
period elected.
The Clearing-house is a bank whose customers are the
bank* of th«» city exclusively. The checks drawn upon Bank
A. but deposited In Pank H. are every d *>' taken to the Clear
l£C-h:>us«j mid presented for payment; to this place Bank B
brtrcs money and pays them. Thus the ehe^ks which pass
betw«v*n the banks move through the O^aring-house. The
V_:s: ;,.?■• of the '.-leartng-houfe does not equal the business
Core by the banks, for many checks drawn upon hanlc* .ire
presr:.ted for payment at the banks upon which they are
draws, or they ore deposited in those banks; ht^t it does reg
ister the bulk of busir.e?* passing between the banks, and
\*hich amounts to perhaps one-half of the banking business
Cone.
Th«» proceedings of the Clearing-house for th« nine past
months photr a ir^st gratifying surprise when compared trttl
- In every month from January to September there was an
Increase of business. The first month in the year was the
month of Michtest Increase, but from that on the rise has been
steady ur.i:l :he month of July, when the excess over the fig
ures of the corrvspondir.g month of i«?S was more than twenty
thrr*e TuJHlor.s. In the month of September the excess had
fallen back to fifteen millions, but the gross .... busi
ness dene was over eighty-five millions, the greatest amount
for any month during th<» present year and more than twenty
«lx DQllona in excess cf the lowest month of IS9S.
A tAliuiurod statement of these comparisons is moat Inter
esting and :s presented as foliows:
Excess of
IKK. T«?9. 1599 over 1535.
January J«5.<»y,.r.T3 S5 Jff7.3?2.93fl 9* iCSGSJSSMI
February- COA'&.GIO S7 <W.0C2.576 64 3/W9 965 77
69.945.406CS 79.933.<511 31 9.955.204 73
( «7. 72-5 .:.!•? «0 ;>;.1«.;i3 U 9.4 "2.1(7 U
May C7.7i0.792 12 79.359.423 £9 11.57s mi 77
J^r.- f,-; U7..147 2.1 77.fi25.950 CO 1 1.0<!0.333 35
Joly 53.>'.5."7 71 ESjM^SIII 23.313.^3 43
-A'JSUSt 04.«:74.119 ?< f1.4m.798 23 16.720 'j76 27
Scptec-.bcr C9>71'.535 41 R5.353.436 15 15.450.C00 74
5590^51.109 75 J5?2.5«?.04D 03 $1^2.497.530 28
It is believed the year's oleaiincs will reach nearly one bil
lion dollars, tho largest ever recorded In the history of the city.
Apart fr<im the ptatements of the Clearinß-house. the con
dition? cf the banks themselves reflect in the highest degree
the upward movement of the tide of business luring the past
year. The deporita of all the banks of the State amount at
pr».'?erit to S2SSJSSIJS9&I This displays an iiurease In deposits over
thcr« of lart year amounting to $24,155,111 un-I as compared with
the amounts held by the banks two years ago !t is an excess
ef f;>s,oy>.o>>-and it might be remarked that ISS7 was not the
rwmjc year either. The <!ep-isit figures cited above are divided
befvwr-n the national, commercial and savings banks, those
teirg within the cJ'.y and In the interior. The condition may be
tabulated es follows:
Nationals— Deposits 3*99. Excess over 1533.
Brh Kranclpco 531.55?.459 J1.ni0.150
ConuaerclaU^
Pan Francisco *V<>77.tt« <5.1!»5.<;(a
Interior 35.?4«5.550 4.204.tC7
SaviT:gs—
Ban Francisco 113.2?4.213 6 <K1 .T72
lr.terior 26.Ce7.007 2.502.."«5
The Increase In deposits in the savings banks Is particularly
praMfyirg: it is gratifying, too. to note that the excess of de
pctits In the San Francisco savings banks is greater than that
«f th« city commercial banks. This condition shows that money
has agaJn found its way Into the hands of the people and that
they are storing their surplus. As the vast majority of those
who patronize savings banks are of the working classes, it can
b<* s<-en that they are sharing the prosperity which has come
»w> generously upon the city and the Stute. and that the con
t«?n:ment and thrift manifest or. all s!-!es is a sympathetic state
recocting good balances in the savings banks!
The Issuance of checks, as re<-orde<i by the OeannK-house.
Indicates mainly the business transacted between residents of
the city. It does not to ony depree present loreicn business.
This >'in be had quite definitely, however; from the records of
the auditor's office, at the Custom-hou?e; and reference to these
disclose, that notwithstanding the drouth which risked the
crop? of ISM, cutting 'down the Retiree In the wheat, flour,
dairy and wine industries. In both exports and imports the
bulk of business was much in excess of that of IS!K. In exports
th* exce.su was over two millions and In imports about four and
a half millions.
Fan Francisco, Bad to say, has only a trifle of the foreign
tr.id« which its position and facilities entitle it to have.
VThether this is the product of bad laws or lack of aggressive^
nws on the part of our merchants or l*>th. or whether it be due
to other cause or causes. It Is not attempted here to say. The
fact, however, is that the whole of the foreißi) trade \>f San
Francisco does not amount to more than that of the combined
business of three or four of her larpcst house*. Its exports for
The past nine months were $23.21«.5»; the imports J31.2Q2.66i. or
3: '''.I 1 *..') .7-'-' in excess of the exports.
A tabulated survey of the situation appears as follows:
MERCHANDISE EXPORTED^
Jnr.uary J3.015.P91 J2 11225'
1-Vbruary 2;J7S.:«M 2.311G*)
March 2,i«!\5.r.5$ 2.1 ■ 545
Ajn] 3.1V.t.i:,5 2.378.693
May ■••• 2.3M>.S<s9 2.250 Sol
Jut.c l.n.ffi 2 165 Coii
Jt;:.v 1.743.575 2.45U2-5
Anguet 2.435.372 3.611100
g..j,ti :nl»er 2.405,807 • 3 7t>^ a*?
$2.5 :
Excess of IS?3 ov<-r IK3S 2.177J25
MERCHANDISE IMPORTED.
Jar.vary $3,915,266 $2.642?027
K5.W..26S |2-
Fcluu.iry 3.<W7,415 4.3<>2/ i .Vi
March 3.343.2T.5 4,295.363
■Arril 3.l<i2,KS» 3.212.933
May 4,Wi5.1n5 3,667.493
June 3,56r.,C€7 2.446,935
July 2.219.312 D.OSD.CS9
Aucust :'■:".■;. 144 4.C04.737
September 1,754,776
.
Tot*!* T25..703.571 J54.202661
Excels of I'M over IS3S M.452.7M
- i
In »«rta!n j.«i Mcul.uk and commodities the Increase of ex
pens is iult«- plx-nosnmnl. The rattle, sent away in \h.-\
anaounted In value to $^>.'>oo. In l^S It was but %■••■ In 18D9
IK/»! / ) w-f,rtii vf hcßs wt-rv sent out. while In IS9S but RiOO.went
avf-y. In l»')rs< s thf llfjures are yet more striking, beini In IW3
r<>'^r f rd Id l'<»v }3'.t,0(/J. whll- in mules there was $111,000 In 1K93
P*' <j tSSjODft In lh'/s. Seven thousand dollars' worth of sheep went
t In lVjf. wJillr la W.fy but $7T^ worth was exported.
A Comparative survey of a few of the lending articles of ex
rt beinj; nf California manufacture or production Is Instruc
tive, it I <■!;.£ r»-m"m»>»-r»d that the figures do not Include the
value of purclian-s or shipments made by the army or navy or
•ny other Jejjartment of the Government of the United States:
Excess of lsr-3
IS3S. IKW>. over IS3S.
Agricultural Implements $1H.0(i0 $25,000 6 000
Fr.wls .••■•••• 3^M 10.0(0 6.500
IJran and mill f'-ed 91AW IW.OOO 29,000
H:«-;id and biscuit 70.000 113.0f>0 4? '•<!
Salmon <ciinnfd» hU.(M 719.01 usiooo
Prune* 2.010 3.000 1,000
Haltiiiw S.UOO 15,(x">0 7fOo
Other fruits mm 1P4.0>0 64.000
Ccdfifch ll.OfW IS.OCrt 2.0C0
l^rcs 1.4«) 7.000 5.600
Doot» ana ehors 26.0CK) 55,000 19000
Canned beef 57.009 121.0C«> 84*000
Cheese ■4. "00 46,000 12 00')
M'.lk 107.000 120.000 13.000
Boap .- 42.0^0 Bfi,ft<» & S 000
Onions a.ono Sl.C>oo it 000
Pot^tws 45.000 00,000 15000
Frrsh beef None 22,000 "2 000
Pickl.-d beef 14.00.) .. -•■ 21 00«
Jiacon 23.0<"0 30,000 7,000
Hams r.3.000 70.000 17000
3-TJ 42.000 49.000 6000
fin wed timber 290.0N UO.OOO 70W
k*eh. blinds and doors SO.OOO 1*9.000 1O9."OOO
It my be observed that the exports as shown above are
Kcadng largely divcnlflcd. Tim* wu when tho oniy product
population
Capita!
THE SUNDAY CALL.
(Batne
Conrm^^ce
Tndu^tw^s
worthy of regard a* a shipping article Issuing from th port
was wheat. Besides this one commodity the others did not
amount to much. It Is not bo now. Foreign trade Is growing,
and more pronounced is this a fact in 1533 than ever before.
The wheat shipment In IS3S was J4.925.0J0; In 18W. owing to crop
shortage, as stated. It was 52.3C3.000: but while still the largest
shipping product it has sunk Into Insignificance as compared
with the bulk of other commodities. In MM It form* only about
8 per cent of the total exports.
The wheat crop of the present year, however, will be equal
In volume to the average years of the past, and price? are rul
ing better. It will thresh about 573.000 tons. Already there^are
about SO.OOO registered tons of shipping In port chartered for
grain, and 200,000 tons more are nt sea, bound for the Golden
Gate.
Indeed, the shipping situation Is one of the most remarkable
phenomena now manifest In this status of business activity.
The trade between San Francisco and Hawaii has so Increased! /
In the past nine months that there exists an aggravating dearth
of bottoms In which to carry the Roods demanding shipment to
•he Islands. A year or more ago the condition was that a ves
sel going "down to the islands" considered Itself fortunate If
It procured freight enough to afford ballast. It went after
sugar, and calculated that Ibc return cargo would pay ex
penses. But this phase of things in now greatly changed. In-
stead of lacking cargoes, the vessels are loaded to their gun
wales, and space In them is sold for six months ahead. Indeed,
a Ban Francisco shipping firm recently refused in one forenoon
enough offers of freight to load two deep-water, ships* and this
Is a matter of dally occurrence. Half na many vessels again as
are now employed In the Hawaiian trade are necessary to tarry
the goods upon the basis of the present offering!". About forty
vessels now run to the Islands from San Francisco. This fleet,
however, will shortly be Increased by at least ten ships. With
the relief afforded by these vessels It will beporsible. to get
such cargoes as cement and brick carried promptly, without
being relegated to vessels four months ar.-ay. as is now the
case.
In the congestion which exists among the Hawaiian ship
ping no account Is? taken of the shipping conditions regarding
the Philippines. As yet the effects of these acquisitions »re
manifest mainly in the transport service, but when thL<s sub
sides there Is no doubt that it will leave well established a great
shipping business, which will be a duplicate of the Hawaiian
trade If It does not very greatly exceed it. The transport serv
ice is a great but Indefinite quantity in the realm «>f San Frarj
clsco"s trade; It Is an Institution which ha a been erected within
the past year in it- city, and so great has become It* business
that It "has leased the larKc new business block on the corner
of Market and Stcuart streets to accommodate it* onVes ami
store Its goods pending their shipment upon the transport*.
With 70,000 men in the Philip) s to feed hikl clothe and nearly
all the food and garments moving from San Francisco, It can
be realized that the shipping business of the United States
commissary li no Insignificant matt During the month e.f
September, for Instance, there were ten transports loaded ami
pent away, and these carried a quantity of merchandise esti
mated in value at Jl.&OO.OOO.
This revival of trade has come upon lh*J city by ...
gradual degrees. It may be said to have bed Its /tart at the
Irtaklng out of the wnr. though two other causes prepared
conditions for the state that followed. The election «»f Me-
KJnley did much to allay nervousness among the business ami
Industrial capitalistic classes and to give them confluence in
Inaugurating new enterprises. Then followed the Klondike
boom, which was the virtual opening of tlit» gold resources of
Alaska, a development which has gone ever finer rapidly on,
new and apparently unlimited stores of wealth coming to light
In many hitherto unsuspected parts of the Territory. The
Alaskan trade of San Francisco now nmrunts to. -perhaps flva
millions per year, and may II a rough way !»<• approximated by
the values of virgin gold which come to San Francisco from
that country. During 1593 this accretion, according to the esti
mates of transportation companies, amounted to over live
millions of dollars. While it cannot be said that all of this gold
Is used In buying goods to Mod back into the Territory, yet
undoubtedly much of It Is so employed, ond the margin that Is
not so used Is doubtless supplied by other gold, buying packs
for new prospectors and provisions* for new stores opened up
In settlements upon new gold-bearing ground.
Following the opening of Alaskan trade came the rhange of
affairs in Hawaii, with its attendant increase tti trade, and then,
ensued the Incident at Manila, which has turned attention to
the trade opportunities offering in the Orient, with the result
that many cargoes have recently gone in that direction, and th<»
markets there are becoming purveyed to with an much assidu
ity as characterizes the canvassing of markets at home.
These changes have transpired in regular sequence. There
has been no boom nor bluster about any of It. and It may b«
remarked that real estate, of all things which money buys,
,Phows the slightest effects of th« progression. There has been
[a tendency to raise the prices of rents when the enlarging of
business demanded extended space, but there has been tin utter
Indisposition to speculate in land. lj»nd apparently la not
bought, except as It la needed for immediate u»e. In fact, a
characteristic of the situation Is that speculation is not ap
parent anywhere; no one Is buying margins. It seems to be a
sober, businesslike purchase and nale of substantial commodi
ties and the opening of new enterprises growing out of de
mands created thereby.
With the new phase of the Oriental situation th- eyes of th»
East and of England became turned upon that part of the
United States nearest the Orient. California hecame an Inter
esting place— the field of vast prospective commercial Inter
course with the consuming myriads of the Yellow Kingdom It
became a good and safe place In the eye of th Investing capi
talist of the Atlantic side for the orening of enterprise, and th
insult has been such an Inquiry in California for Investment
opportunities as has never before been visited upon th( , State
A gratifying feature Is that the offers of m o n »y do not com.
as In the past ... buy land and hence raise Its price, but to en
gage In some Industrial pursuit which employs men. produces
mon'er,; Scu.aflo" 8 '"" 9 *" th ° «" ™> «*«•
Being of gradual and unheralded growth the present brisk
ness took the transportation companies unawares The trans
continental lines have shown themselves deficient In carle??*,
to handle the freight offered and to meet ho demands placed
upon them the ,  of freight , ; SS the "^
seis haul-d off in the bay. awaiting chances to unload such
cargoes I>M >' '"" n ° f "* °' Cars to carr> away th.
In this state of things enlargements of existing line* m
or some other substantial  ESS? v r f •*?«
II comlns to San Fr.-Cncl.co 1,, ,°y 1,1; ,"'. \.". 'hi,™,' 1 "!*
cUy onvheba>. Oaklan
It Is the bay terminus of the Southern Pacific system, and the
side towns of Alameda and Berkeley arc overflow settlements
from that city.
The recent agitation for the holding of the two national
political conventions In ' San Francisco brought out the fact
that the two transcontinental telegraph lines are about taxed
to their full capacities with business, and th.- city was denied
her chances of getting the conventions beiauso these companies
flatly expressed their Inability to perform the telegraph work
which would be demanded us a result of one of those assem
biles. The situation makes a poor showing in tho light «>f pos
sibllltles of the long desired trans-Puctflc cable. If thin latter
is achieved— which might be one of the enterprises reserved for
1900— the foreign telegraphing of half the world will puss over
Fan Francisco, and with lines that cannot handle the news
evolved by two or three hundred men gathered under one roof
it can hardly be expected that much success could be attained
In delivering the correspondence passing between the Occident
and the Orient. The present rise of business will force an ex
pansion of the telegraph systems connecting this city with th*
East, and this fact may be taken a* one of the most dcsirab!«
achievements to be effected through the development of ac
tivities in 1899.
The population of San Francisco during 1593 has Increased. It
Is estimated, about 40.000. The census of IS2O gave the city 265.
000; upon the basis of a registration of 70,000 the population is
now 350,000. It is unhappily the fact that for the first five yean
of the present decade the accretion to the city's numbers was
very slow. No more conspicuous or striking feature was evi
denced in the city than the large number of "to let" signs dis
. played upon the windows of vacant residence houses and th«
corresponding "to lease" notices upon the business blocks In
the lower reaches of the city. "To let" and "to lease" signs
are yet seen by the tourist on his rounds, but he must look for
them. They are not obtruded upon bis notice, nor do they
glare upon him at every hand, as of yore.
Industrial activity has asserted Itself with no more con
spicuous emphasis than In the business done by the Postofflce
nt San Francisco. A comparative analysis of the returns of th«
several departments of this Institution tor the tlscal years of
IS3S and 1559 shows really striking results, the Increase of 1599
over 1533 being about 10 per cent. The gross amount of receipts
tor the year ending June 30, 1899, was $1,002,470. as compared
with $£.'0,337 for the previous year. There were 52.053.025 pieces
of mall handled In ISD3. as against 73.311.550 In ISM.. This busi
ness divided Into Its several heads presents Itself as follow:
1831 VEBL Excess.
Money orders issued C97.SW 633.173 35.253
Amounts J6.l9').:iM XA&Jrii $1,274.9:>3
Stamps sold $320,337 J1. '02.470 $33,143
Registered pieces delivered.... 209.0<3S 22f>,157 11,123
Pieces registered here 1D;,:.'1 Mjmi 43«
From all quarters, wherever "tabs" are kept on business,
'there come cheering reports that comparison of figures shown
strong advances of 1893 over those of IS3S. Perhaps the most
satisfactory estimates r.rc those furnished by the Impressions of
the business men themselves. Upanddown the wholesale streets
the opinion is expressed that trade Is better by from ■ to 10
per cent than last fall. Around on the retail streets the mer
chants give the same replies. All talk of a good holiday trade,
"the. best In years." and generally the feeling is that the ac
tivities are not evanescent. "They came in a staple, steady
way; they will remain steady," said one merchant. The Influ
ences which brought this activity are permanent. They » r <»
the opening of demands for goods In the Islands of the Pacific
and in the Orient, a new era coming upon the. coast, of which
Ban Francisco la but now experiencing a foretaste.
25
JOHN E. BENNETT,26
Ye Priscilla Alden.
is * r!rl over !n Oakland who
I * has r^ad J.,onirfel2ow*s "Courtship
MUea Blandish" neveral th«u
eand tinier. Jf ♦■very written scrap
JL of the poem were lost ehe coul.l
give it to the reading world, word
Car word. lias) for lice.
Her name Is AJma l*rl«rll!a Alden Miss
AJo>n Is a direct descendant of Pri*.cllla.
the Puritan maiden. n.nd John Aklen.
For her. the poem DM the same derp,
gwwt manning that made It a pleasure
tor Longfellow to write Jt.
The poet <!M not find tho theme for the
"Courtship <if Miles Ctandish** In dusty
archives. He linpod it it hi* mother's
fcn<»». for Mrs. Lcng-frllow traced her en
•estry back to John A. 'lon.
Alma. PrUcilla Aldea was not Introduced
to the "Courtship of Mile* BtandtsV
through the medium ni n. school teacher.
13"fore she could read, her father told her
of the poet vousln who had woven In
verse the story of Miles Standlsh, th«
Capt.iln of Plymouth, who sent John Al
der> n-woolng for him.
Tho litile girl would have none of Red
Riding Hood or Beauty and the Beast.
Instead^ over and over a^ain. she must
be toid the story of Priscllla. the Puritan
maiden who preferred John Alden to
Miles Slandbh. the captain of Plymouth.
•Tse a scender.t of PrlsciHa" she would
*ay !n proud childish treble when asked
her name. ■
It was not until a local chtpter of the
Daughters or tho American Revolution
wa* founded that Miss Alden's existence
became known outside of hrr own circle
of friends. The national society of the
Daughters of the American Revolution
was organized In ISDO at Washlnßton.
D. C, with Mrs. Benjamin lfarrlson as
firßt president Kcneral.
In 1531 a chapter was organized in this
city at the residence of Mr*. General Da
vid D. Colton. Alma Priscllla Alden read
of it In the newspapers. She didn't think
sho would Join it; she had never taken
out papers for the Society of Colonial
Dames. Put "he Is a stanch patriot, bo
she wrote them a little note, telling thorn
who she was and how much she sympa
thized with any movement to preserve nil
things of historical intf?reat.
A real live descendant of Prlscilla and
John Alden was too valuable an addition
THE STTKDAT CAM*
tor n*ch a sodety to toe*, Bh« wai
•tralghtway Initiated and presented with
the pin of the order.
Others there were who with difficulty
could trace- their ancestry back to the-
Revolution. Miss Aldt-n did not have to
engage a professional genealogist. From
father to son adown the years the story
of Priscllla was told, her children's chil
dren telling It to their grandchildren.
Miss Alden could draw her line of de
pcent as easily an she could write her a b
cs. John Alden married Prlscilla Mollnes
In IC2:. Joseph Alden married Mary Sim
mons. Deacon Joseph AMen married Han
nah Dunham. David Alden mnrried Lucy
Thomas. Isaac Alden married Irene Smith.
Dr. Hiram Alden married Melltta Hunt
ley. Alma Priscllla Alden. daughter of
Dr. Hiram Alden and Melltta Huntley.
Thus Is her descent written In the book
published by the Daughters of the Amer
ican Revolution. The members of that so
ciety know that we have In our midst a
great-great-great-greot granddaughter of
Priscllla and John Alden. But how many
others have ever dreamed of such a per
son?
Whatever the literary merit of the
"Courtßhlp of Miles Standlsh." there Is
now no doubt of Its popularity. The
etory plays on the heartstrings, whether
or not th« hexameters vibrate pleasantly
on the ear.
John n Alden. "fair-haired, azure-eyed.
. with delicate. Saxon complexion, having
the dew of his youth and the beauty
thereof." and Priscllla. the fairest
maiden in Plymouth. "Priscllla. the
mayflower of Plymouth, modest and sim
ple and sweet," owe their posthumous
fame entirely to the poet's pen. '
Miles Standlsh. with musket and
matchlock, protected th* colonist from the
Indian arrow and tomahawk. Yet 'tis not
of Miles Standish's deeds of valor that
young and old read, 'tis not the records
of battles fought and won that fascinate
•Tls the story of the choleric cautaln's
courtship., penned by the poet, that has
saved him from the fate of the forgotten
throng. \>v-
God sifted three kingdoms to find the
wheat for this planting, then sifted the
wheat as the living need of the nation.
Of that brave band who came over In
the Mayflower there are three names that
OTershadow, even to oblivion, the «<h«r*.
They are Miles Brandish. John AlOma aad
Prlßcilla. '
Borne there are who from history*! dull
page know that Miles Standlsh U not
rely a creature of the poet's imagina
tion. Not many realise that John Aldea
and Priscllla were real characters. la
fine print, n» a commentary to the poem,
the readfj 1 is told that John Alden wu
an ancestor of Longfellow— but fine
print is usually skipped by the reader.
Prlscllla's surname was Mollnes, show
ing Huguenot extraction. Longfellow'
avoids mentlonlpg It, probably because
by his time Mollnes had been unpoetl
cally anglicized Into Mullins. He chose
rather to call her "Priscllla, the Puritan
maiden," or "Prlscilla, the beautiful spin
ner."
There are one or two other family tra
ditions which the-- poet suppressed, and
which Miss I den confessed. Priscllla
had a very bad temper when her If was
aroused. She never hesitated to give peo
ple "a piece of her mind." not that Pris
rllla was a nag or a scold. She was quick
to show h-r wrath, but quicker to get
over It. Generous and kind hearted, the
nurse of the tick and the friend of the
needy: yet Priscllla. truth to tell, had a
.temper unusual to the placid Puritans.
Longfellow, while he does not mention
her temper, makes her character In keep
ing with the family traditions. She Is as
frank and outspoken as a girl of to-day.
"Serve yourself would you be well
nerved." was the excellent adage Miles
Standish forgot when it came to his
courtship. How did Prlsdlla, the "gentle
Puritan maiden." answer John Alden
when he offered her another's heart and
hand?
•If th* rreat captain of Plymouth It so Tery
eager to wed me, . -*, j
Why •:■ ■ ■ he not eesM hlm««lf aed take th«
trouble to woo me?
If I am not worth the wooing I surely am not
worth the winning . *
Then John Alden began explaining and smooth-
Ing the matter.
Making It worse at he went by aaylnr the
captain was burr—
Had no time for such things— «uch tblpga'
The words grating harshly
Fell on th« ear of Prlsdlla, and swift mm a
fla»h she made answer:
"Has he no tjme for such things, aa roil tall
It, before he la married, ■•••"*<"*.«*"
Priscilla Alden of Jo-Pay
Jells About
Priscilla Alden of Long Ago
T THINK that the descendants of the Puritans feel that
£ Thanksgiving means just a little more to them than to the
rtst of the nation* The ghosts of my ancestors are always
with me on that day. I feel their joy is mine, I hear the Gover
nor proclaim a Thanksgiving, I see the people, with prayer and
thanks, sit dozvn to a repast thai we in these days of plenty
would call but scanty fare.
I must confess that the thought that I am a descendant of
Priscilla and John Alden gives me a eat deal of pleasure. The
other pilgrims who braved those first terrible winters were just as
courageous, but the romance of John and Priscilla makes them
more interesting to us.
I read and re-read Longfellow's poem with ever-increasing
interest. The traditions my father told me before 1 could spell I
find 'hanged in the poem. Longfellow did not spoil them by
over-coloring. The facts in themselves were romantic enough to
suit the feet's fancy. Hoivevtr, some of Prisdlla's character
istics are not mentioned. They are traits Priscilla developed
later in life, so it was not necessary for Longfellow to teil that
Priscilla had the quickest temper and was the best cook m
Plymouth.
There is a pretty little sequel to the courtship of MQ*t
Stcndish that is known only in the Alden family. Miles Stand
ish, when the wound that Priscilla had made in his heart had
healed, married another.
Years after, the son of Miles Standish married a daughter
of Priscilla and John Alden. There is a poetical justice about this
that we always love to dwell on.
A year or two ago I met a lady, a lineal descendant
of Captain Miles Standish. She had heard of me, and came to
Oakland "just to shake hands," as she said, "with a descendant
of John Alden"
You can imagine how strangely we both felt. Miles Stand
ish. Priscilla and John Alden seemed to step out of the past and
bless our meeting.
(ZAtit^ Qsujc<j&&^ 6C£c/u^_
Would he be Hk*ty to end & ar i—a» K.
after t.V wed ling?
That la the v.ay with you men; you don't nn
demand us, you cannot.
When you have made up your nMnde, after
„ 'nklng of thU one and that on«.
Choosing, selecting, rejecting, comparing on*
with another.
Then you make known your deelr*. with
abrupt and sodden avowal.
And ar- offended and hurt, and Indignant per
haps, that a woman
Does not respond at ence to a \ar* that ah*
never ruapected.
Do not attain nt a bound th« height to
which you have been climbing.
TTila I* not rich: nor Jui>t; for aurely a
woman s nffectlon
la not m thing to be asked for and had for
only the imklng."
With such decisive speeches does Long
fellow throw true light and shade on Prls
ellla'i character. There are strokes that
show her now arch, now earnest. Once he
almost betrays the <julck temper of his
ancestress. Of Miles Standish he make*
her say: "He Is a little chimney, and
heated hot In -x moment."
Prlscllla's saylnßs have p«s?ed from Up
to lip through the Kereratlons In her fam
ily. Longfellow nave them a poetical
flavor, but* the kernel was given him by
his mother. Her reply to John Alden.
"Why don't you speak for yourself,
John?" has passed from mother to daugh
ter even to this generation. Longfellow
built the poem on this naive reply, and
first called it "Pr'.scllla." later changing
it to "The Courtship of Miles Standlsh."
There Is another Interesting fact which
Miss Alden has been told by her father,
who bad it from hit lather before him]
and ■» en bar* Into the nhMnwn «f th«
past. Prlsdlla was the best cook In Ply
mouth. John Alden died In 16S* at th«
ago of II years, and was the last survivor
of the original band of emigrants. Hli
descendants ascribe his longevity end
good health to his wife's excellent culin
ary powers. "Plea like PrUcllla used t»
make" Is a family adage.
Mlra Aldea la descended from Joseph,
second son of Prlscllla and John Alden.
rrlsrllla had thirteen children, but ... v .
era! of them died. One of the g^wn» worn
In the accompanying photograpii bMor.gml
to Priscllia's granddaughter. The panler*
and bertha are more modern, but th*
rest of the dr*s»s Is a handed-down nfl-ini
■CO, *•
The names John and Pr'nclMa have b««a
preserved In the Alden family. John Al
den's house at Duxbury. Mas*., built In
IGO. Is now occupied by the ninth Joan
Alden In direct descent.
Miss Alden Is the grrenlngfst of her
family. Her father, busy with his raedl.
cine, and her brother with his farm de
vote little time to such matters. On th«
maternal sicy- of hrr father's Jtne Miss
Alden is a grand-n'.ece of I.ydia Huntley
Sigourney. th. poct-phllanthropist. MiM
Alden's mother Is of French parentage.
No wonder Alma Priscllla Alricn. great
great-great-great-granddaughtor of Johc
and Priscllln Aluen. lows l^>ngf«Uow'«
poem "The Courtship of Mllrsi Standlsh."
And those who share her admiration will
b« glad to learn that we have a Prljcilla
A Men In our midst. It lendj a new
charm to the poem,YE OCDE AND GOODBYE CUSTOM OF YE THANKSGIVING DAY
rorryright,
WHEN old Governor P.raAtorA of
th* Puritan colony •' Plymouth,
on the completion of th» Pil
grims' first harvest In 1821. cent
out four fowlers In »?*rch of
ram* that al! the colonists might after
k more ftp- rial manner rejoice together,
 little thoutcht that be wa* #wtahlienlng
in annual ! holiday which, under the name
*f Thankspivirg 'lay, was destined to be
•f,me an occasion universally observed
&} a ration of 60.000.000 people. From
P;ymojth th« observance spread to the
adjoining colony of -Massachusetts Bay
uid thence 10 the other New England
•olonlea until It soon became customary
for ell their Governors to annually pro-
Ja.'m it.
The growth of Thanksgiving day ' out
•Jde of New England was very slow and
wven now it is a much more important
boliday In that section than In any other
part tft our •mm tin xiw sun m jritrv
tans frowned upon Christmas and all
other church festivals and crowded Into
the observance of their own Thanksgiving
day all the feasting and rejoicing which
people of different . religious views were
accustomed to distribute" over all the re
ligious holidays of the entire year. They
relaxed something of their severity on
that day ana within certain limits permit
ted their young people to make merry.
One of the statutes of the colonies of
Plymouth and Massachusetts Bay pro
hibited all game* of chance except back
garrtmon and bowls— the latter a sort of
modified tmpins— and all musical Instru
ments except the drum. Jewsharp and
trumpet. Playing at these permitted di
versions and upon those exempted instru
ments was freely indulged In on Thanks
giving day and the young folks were also
permitted to play at some of the old
English fireside games. " Thus Thanksgiv
ing among the early Puritan v.ii» a Jay
nor «ty of i eiiM imlbw iv \m m ■■ re
markable liberty as well.
In this connection Cotton Mather tells
an amusing story of some young men
members cf the Church of England— who,
on the flr»t Thanksgiving day after .their
arrival In Plymouth from the mother
country, engaged In their ordinary . avo
cations until they were prevented from
doing so by order of Governor Bradford.
When Christmas day came, to which, as
already etalad, the Puritans paid no at
tention whatever, calmly pursuing their
usual employments, the same young men
refused to work for the reason that It
was against their conscience to labor on
that religious festival. Governor Brad
ford told them that If such were the case
he would excuse them till they were bet
ter Informed. Soon afterward he found
them all at play In the street, whereupon
he took possession of the Implements- of
their games. saying that It was against
hi* conscience that they should play
THE SUNDAY CALL.
t>wWl« ! all
other* were
at work and
that. If they had
any reverence for
Christmas day they
must pass It at home In
relljflous exercises.
Attendance upon two Church
Mrvlces, morning and after
noon, was th« most important
part of th« celebration of Thanks
gtvtng day among th« early Puritans.
Each of these services was three hours
In l«ngth. They began with a fifteen
minute prayer by the pnstor, followed by
th« reading and exposition of a chapter
from the Bible, the singing of psalm* and
a aermon an hour and a half In length.
The psalms sung were dlctnted, line by
iine. to the congregation, who sang e*ch
line as it was given to them. The p<-rson
performing this "lining out" wai usually
remunerated for it by being excused from
paying that tax for the support of the
Congregational church which in the New
England colonies all persons, no matter
of what religious belief, were required to
pay. This congrrpationnl psalm singing
and lining out were continual by many of
the < Y.n^repational churches of New Eng
land until nrarly a quarter of a century
apo. "Singing seata" and choirs to occupy
them met with very great opposition when
they were first Introduced Into th» "meet
ThS Ftps* Orjs gVfcp-Ctfsbwt^d arjd Us Oi'TS.TnatO!'.
txw-honies," as the Puritan* called their
churches.
There has been handed down through
many generations an amusing anecdote of
one of my progenitors, the Rev. Dr. Job
Strong:, who for many years wa3 pastor
of the Congregational church at Ports
mouth. N. H., where he began his pastor
ate in 1743. He was very bitterly opposed
to the innovation of a choir, but 'was at
length overruled by the members of his
"meeting," and a choir was organized
among the young people. . It made its first
appearance In the "singing seats" at the
morning service on Thanksgiving day }in
the year 1762. After Its members had Bung,
to a new fangled, very florid tune, the
psalm which had been given out, the Rev.
Job leaned over the pulpit and, beckon
ing to the Whole congregation with ex
tended arms, exclaimed earnestly: "Now
let the people of God -sing." He lad off
with a good old-fashioned psalm tune. In
which the whole congregation* Joined with
hearty good will. The "singing seat*"
were quickly vacated. Nothing more van
ever heard of the choir, and , congrega
tional singing continued In the Ports
mouth church for more than a century
afterward. • - r.*'w:i
Thank3Riving being a joyous festival,
marriages were frequently celebrated on
that day throughout New England for
many years, there being a superstition,
handed down from early Puritan times,
that couples ' married on Thanksgiving
would be certain to enjoy happiness and
good fortune throughout their marriea
life. As a child I have often heard my
great-grandmother describe the costume of
the bride and groom at th« Thanksgiving
day wedding of her oldest- Bister, which,
In her girlhood, th« . attended in Ply
mouth, now more than 115 yean ago. The
bride's long locks were strained upward
over an immense cushion th.at sat like .>r»
Incubus on her head, were plastered with
pomatum and sprinkled over with a
shower of white powder, the whole form
ing a tower over a foot In height. A
single white rosebud lay upon the summit
of this hirsute monument like a dove that
had newly lighted upon a parlan column.
Over her neck and bosom was folded a
lace kerchief, fastened In front by
a bosom pin rather larger than a silver
dollar and consisting of the bridegroom's
miniature set In virgin gold. Her airy
form; was laced up in a satin dress, its
sleeves as tight to the arm as the natural
skin, with a waist formed by a bodice '
worn outside of the flowing skirt, which
was distended at the ankles by an ample
hoop. Shoes of white kid with peaked
toes and heels two or tnree Inches in
height inclosed her feet and glittered with
spangles as her little pedal members
peeped curiously out.
The bridegroom's hair was sleeked
back, plentifully bepowdered and twisted
up Into a queue which projected like th»
handle of a skillet. A skillful barber had
devoted a whole afternoon to perfecting
these tor.sorial arrangements, and the
victim of them . had passed the night be
fore his wedding morning in an arm-chah
lest they- should be disturbed. The bride
groom's coat was of sky-blue silk, lined
with' yellow. His long vest of white satin
was embroidered with gold lace. His
breeches, also of white satin, were of tne
lame material and were tied at the knees
with pink ribbon. White silk stockings
and pumps, with clocks and ties of the
same hue, completed the habiliment* of
bis nether limbs.
Lace ruffles clustered around his wrists,
and a portentous frill, bearing a large
miniature of his beloved, completed hM
truly genteel app-arancp.
It Is a remarkable faot and one but ltV
tie known that the first duel ever fought
In this country occurred in the colony ci
Plymouth during Governor Bradford*
term of office. It was between two men
servants, who foutrht with swords. Both,
duellists were slightly wounded. The
cause of th«:-r quarrel ha? not been re
corded, but from an old k-tter written by
one of my ancestors to a relative in Eng
land and carefully treasured for more
than two centuries, I learn that "they
were adjudged by the whole company te
have their heads and feet tied together,
and so to lie for twenty-four hours, with
out meat or drink, which was begun to be
Inflicted, but within an hour— because of
their great pains— at. their own and their
master's hrmhle i .quest, upon promise
of better carriage, they were released by
>c Governor."
The first sreneral Thanksgiving day ap
pointed for the country at larg* cutslde
of New England was recommended In 177f
by the Continental Congress, which body
subsequently recommend -d a similar ob
servance annually throughout the revolu
tionary war, In 1753 VJrashington pro
claimed a general Thanksgiving day fo*
the adoption of the constitution, while the
suppression of the whisky insurrection In
Western Pennsylvania in 1795 caused hint
to proclaim another in that year.
The termination of the war of 1811
moved President Madison to proclaim one
In ISIS. No President ever appointed a.
Thanksgiving day for a war victory until
Abraham Lincoln did so in IM2. In the
following year he proclaimed the first na
tional Thanksgiving day for general bless
ings, and continued to do 30 ajinually
throughout his term of office Hit exim«
pie has been followed by every succeed
ing President.
AMY F. STOCKTON.
2728
HOW TO PREPARE THANKSGIVING DINNER
P. ■ . T*irinl<s::lvir.ff does not
mor»n ns much t<> us as it dr>rs to
the Nor.- Ens^nuder Vv Irtli or an
eostry- but It is prf-oinincrily n day
r>t fonstirc. a day f<>r ihe reunion "f farr:
•;!es and fir the brightening of pV.T<nn:
mfinoriri anil association?, nnd although
ro!lcloi:s observance is not so marked n~
in former years, the spirit of the day !s
the wnio.
In Tl • •*:«>•« when rroat-creat-:;raiiup:*m
was coartlng sront-JZroat-srandman'.ii th*
preparation nf tho nil-Important part of
the day's celebration, the <lin!irr. was no
small thing. Ties, puddings Rtjd i-akes
were made wnks ahead: mincemeat was
not thotißht to have attained perfection
ur>»s made early In October, and Rrla
elllc.-j and Penelopes were kept busy pool
ing apples or mixing cake so that when the
day for foastinp came the pantry shelves
of nU well -regulated households were
wojphed down with Rood thinßs. Thanks^
Riving was to our Puritan ancestors a day
of ro«t as well as of feasting and they
began early so dinner that bud to !>•■> pr.*
pared on the day took little time and
work.
Nowadays It !s different nnd the busy
housewife rather dreads this dinner, un
less she po.-.s< ?ses .1 bijou of .1 cook, and
makes it '-auso hor a deal <>f trouble atnl
worry. It is needless^ this trouble and
worry, if you only follow In l»'.o footsteps
of tho Puritan housewives and begin ear
ly. Procrastination; somebody has wisely
f-a.id. Is the thief of time. Have the pud
dings, the cakes and tho pios out of the
way and on Thanksgiving day when you
come to pet tho dinner it will almost pet
itself; the cooking of tho turkey Is not
much trouble, and the preparation of an
ontrep or two will take only an hour or so
in the momirip. With the dessert ready
ar.d the sauco and fruit to be put in the
dishes and Just the table to set. the dinner
is a small mattor and you are not quite a
fit subject for a doctor when night comes.
For the Thanksgiving dinner many peo
ple prefer to have the regular old-fash
ioned New England dinner, with the
dishes purely American. Perhaps it Is a
more acceptable idea, as the day is dis
tinctly national, and nothing can be more
attractive than an old-fashioned bountiful
New England Thanksgiving dinner. The
following menu Is a typical one:
RotM»d Turkey. Chicken Tie.
BaYed Totatoo?. Srjua*h. Turntj>s. Onions,
Cranberry Sauce.
Brown Bread. Whit* Bread.
Appl* Tie. Mtr.ce Pie. Pump Win Pi*.
Plum Puddtn*.
Arr'«*. «"ake. Nut? and Raisins,
T<*a and Coffee.
Remember that the success of your din
ner, simple or elaborate, depends upon the
man:. of serving, and it would pay those
who are not quite sure to "study up."
The following receipts aro for some of
the dishes served In the menu Riven in the
center of t^e -.*;e. and may prove a help
to some one:
CREAJ3 TOMATO SOUP WITH CROU
TONS—Put one quart of tomatoes In a
saucepan and bring to a boll; in a double
boiler put three pints of fresh milk. Take
the tomatoes from the etove. rub through
a sieve and add one large tablespoonful of
butter and one of susar. pepper and Fait to
taste; into the hot milk stir one heaping
table>poonful of Hour which has been
made to a smooth paste with some milk;
add the tomatoes and one cupful of hot
cream. Serve with croutons.
IiOILEI» STRIPED BASS WITH AN
CHOVY SAUCE— Wash, wipe carefully
tod rub the fish with a little salt, then
wrap in a cloth and lay In a kettle of
warm water. For every two quarts of
water allow one tea spoonful of salt and
one tablespoonful of vinegar. Simmer ten
f>r twelve minutes to every pound of fish.
When done lift carefully out of the kettle
find place on a hot platter, garnish with
parsley and srrvo with anchovy sauce.
ANCHOVY SAUCE— Into i saucepan
put half a teacupful of butter, and when
it melts a<id two tabler/.ioonfuls of flour;
mix. but <!o not brown, and add one pint
of water; stir until smooth and season
with halt and pepper; add one or more
t^aspoonfuls of anchovy paste and serve
whilo hot.
POTATO BALLS from* large,
peeled, uncooked potatoes little balls with
a vegetable scoop and drop them in ice
water; drain and fill a frying basket half
full and put the basket in hot fat; cook
ten minutes and serve hot.
ROAST TURKEY STUFFED WITH
OYSTERS-A hen turkey weighing from
eight to ten pounds; singe, remove pin
feathers and clean carefully; wipe and
truss the wings close to the sides, the
feet to the tall and the neck skin to the
Fhr-uldor blade. Stuff with the following:
Crumble fine light white, bread, season
with salt, pepper, onion browned in butter,
and a little chopped bacon. Moisten slight
ly with hot water and generously with
melted butter. Chop as many oysters as
needed rather fine and add to the dress
ing; stuff the turkey, put an apple In the
openings at th« head and tall, sow togeth
er and rub with salt, butter, pepper and
dredge with flour. Put the turkey fat In
the pan and lay In the turkey on one side;
put in the oven, and as soon as the flour
Is brown add or.c pint of water and bake
three hours; baste every fifteen minutes
and turn ovrr often so as to brown evenly.
FRIED SWEET POTATOES-Boil the
l-ctatoes until they are tender; remove the
.-kins, yiiro and put In a hot pan with
->nt/ of butter. Jfrv an both sides a
/i;; brown.
CRANBERRY SAM'CE-pu-k over an.!
wash one quart of cranberries. add one
pint of «r«ter and cook :intil they are soft
i.iid break easily; rub them through a
sieve and n«.M one pound of sugar; put
back on tho stove nd cook five minutes
Tumi into r-.r.Ms nnd serve when c '!'!.
CREAMED ONIONS— BoiI nice wh:te
onions until they arc tender; In a double
holler put oiie pint of milk and one of
cream sw'J a little butter: season with
tall and pepper and pour over the onion;.
CHICKEN UANAPES^Put in a sauce
pan cne "cupful of cream and one table*
spoonful <•• butter; when tho butter is
melted add the chopped^ cook«>j chicken
moat and cne thblesnoonful of bread
thumbs. i'r-.:?cn with sfllt nd popper and
• •ook throi' minute-!!. Have slices of bread
cut a ou.irtfr of an inch thick and fried
in butter, Prur the chicken mixture over
while 'hot and serve.
BANANA FRITTERS— To me heaplnsr
cupful of Jlour add the yolk* of th r ee
cfrs. a pinch of salt, two tablosponnrjls
Thanksgiving
Dinner Menu
LITTLE NECK CLAMS,
CREA.^I TOMATO SOUP WITH CROUTONS.
BOILED STRIPED BASS WITH
ANCHOVY SAUCE. POTA'J 0 BALLS,
CELERY. ALMONDS. RADISHES,
SALAD.
ROAST TURKEY STUFFED WITH OYbTERS.
FRIED SWEET POTATOES.
CRANBERRY SAUCE. CREATIED ONICNS.
CHICKEN CANAPES. BANANA FRITTERS.
CURRANT JELLY. BRANDIED PEACHES.
ROMAN PUNCH.
LARDED TENDERLOIN OF BEEF,
MUSHROOMS. MASHED POTATOES.
\ FRENCH PEAS.
)J PLUM PUDDING HARD SAUCE.
MINCE PIE. CHEESE. FRU3T CAKE.
NEAPOLITAN ICECREAM.
S\ COFFEE. FRU IT. NUTS.
of melted butter and one cupful of water:
mix well and add the beaten whites and
• three or four bananas cut In thin strips
and fry. Dust with powdered sugar and
serve with a sweet sauce.
ROMAN PUNCH— Put one quart of wa
ter In a grant warp dish;' add one pint
of sugar and boll twenty minutes. Take
from fire and add when cold one-half
cupful of strong tea, one-half cupful each
of orange Juice and lemon Juice; turn Into
a freezer and when partly frozen add one
half a cupful of nun. Serve In punch
glasses.
PLUM PUDDING— Break the yolki of
four ce^s In a large bowl; beat until
light and add one cupful of sugar; beat
again: add one cupful of finely chopped
suet, one teaspoonful of salt, one cuptul
of molasses, one-half a cupful of milk
and one-half a cupful of brandy: mix
well and add two teaspoonfuls of grated
nutmeg, two of cinnamon, one-half a tea
fpoonful of ground cloves and stir thor
oughly. Mix one cupful of raisins, one
lialf a cupful of thinly sliced citron to
gether and dredge with flour; beat the
whites of the eggs; add to the pudd'ng
with the fruit; Just before adding the
fruit and t-Rgrs dissolve one- teaspoonful
of soda in a little water and add. Butter
THE SUNDAY CALL.
a pudding mold, pour in the .\>uddl:>g,
cover closely and stv:im four or live
hours. When served pour over halt .'
cupful of brandy, light a match to it and
;>!:•< i- on the table. Serve with a mrd
sauce.
MINCE PIE— cupful of chopped
cooked meat, two cupful of chopped ap
pics, one teaßpoonful each of salt, cinna
mon, allspice, ono cupful of sugar, hulf
a cupful each of chopped and whole rais
ins, half a cupful of currants; moisten
with oik cupful of ■!(!.••■ a little water,
three taljiespoonfuta r»f currant Jelly and
the Juice of one lemon. Mix thoroughly
and atM randy to taste and put In a »)ie
pan with rich paste; drop bits of butter
over the top and cover with a crust
Serve hot.
NEAPOLITAN ICECREAM Change
the flavoring and color of plain icecream
and mold In layers in brick form. Plain
Icecream with crushed strawberry in be
tween makes a very pretty as well as a
delicious combination.
Cranberries.
CRANBERRY BLANC M.\N<;E — To
one quart of berries add one pint of
water and one pound of sugar; cook un
til the ( berrles are nearly tender, then
thicken' with cornstarch made smooth
with a little water; boll ten minutes, turn
Into a mold and serve when cold with
whipped cream.
CRANBERRY Plß— Cut one large cup
ful of cranberries in halve* and put In a
dish; add one cupful of sugar, one table
■poonful of flour and a little water. Cover
a plepan with a rich crust and pour In the
fruit; cover with a top crust and bake In
a quick oven.
CRANBERRY SAUCE-I-ook over and
wash one quail of berries; put In an
earthen dish, ndrl one pint of water, rover
closely and rook until tender. Take from
stove, press through a colander, add a
little more water and one cupful of su
gar; set on stove, bring to a boll, then
set In a cool place to harden.
CRANBERRY ROLL-Roll out rich bis
cuit crust about a fourth of an im-h thick;
spread with stewed cranberries which
have been reasoned; roll and sew a
floured cloth around and boll for two
hours. Servo with rich sauce.
CRANBERRY SHORTCAKK-- To one
.piart of flour add a half cui.ful of but
ter, rub together as for piecrust, add
enough milk to make a soft dough and
two table-spoonfuls of baking pow<i« p;
Iwke In two pans. When tone split op< n
with a hot knife, butter and fill with well
■weeten4d '-ranberrles; serve with cream.
• KANBERRY KRAPPE-Boil one quart
Of cranberries in one pint of water until
tend< r. strain throush a coarse doth.
add one pint <>f supar and boll until the
sugar i« dissolved. Take from stove and
when cold add the juice. of iwo lemons;
freexe and serve In sm:di glasses.
CRANBERRY DUMPLINCM — To two
cupful* <>t tVmr add one teaspoonful each
Of f-alt and bakliiß powder; to the yolks
of three egp a<iii one < upftl of milk;
make .t hole In the renter of the flour,
•■' ' In 'i ■ mttk an<l ecsr and add one
onful of (hopped suet. Stir In the
from the side until « thick hatt«»i
i- formed; add the beaten whites of the
and lastly, ono cupful Of split i-ran
tn r rip.= ; make the dough Into balls as
large as oranges; dip small cloths Into
hot water, wring dry and dip In flour.
Tie the balls In th<- cloths tightly and
drop Into bollfng water. Serve with any
sweet .-auce.
CRANBERRY TARTS -Put one quart
of berries in a saucepan, cover with
water and cook until tender; take from
stove and press through a colander; re
turn the pulp to the flre and add two
cupfuls of sugar; cook until the sauce It
thick. Line the patty paji with a rich
piecrust ani set In the oven to bake.
When done fill with th« berries and ierve
cold.
Entrees.
Entrees are a series of daintily prepared
Bide dishes, served between the principal
di.«hos of the meal. They must be care
fully prepared and prettily decorated, so
as to please the eye as well as the palate,
and then do they add essentially to the
appearance of the meal. Many of the fol
lowinp recipes are suitable for breakfast
and luncheon dishes:
OYBTKK BOUFFLBB-UN the small
oyatan. Put Into a saucepan three tabl*
■poonfnll of butter, and when melted add
two of flour; stir until It froths and add
"iio and one-half cupfuls of milk. Stir un
til the mixture bolls; draw back from the
stove and stir In the well-beaten yolks of
thrpp egsjs; cook one minute, then add the
beaten whites. Oil paper cases, partly till
with the mixture, covpr with bread
crumbs and set In a baking pan; bake fif
teen minutes in a moderate oven. Serve
immediately.
DEVILED CRARS-Plck the meat from
the crabs. Into a double boiler put one
cupful of cream or milk; when almost to
a lioil add two tablespoonfuls of butter
and flour creamed together; stir until th*
mixture thickens. Take from the stov*.
add the crab and the yolka of three hard
bolled cjjgs mashed fine also one quarter
of a teaspoonful of cayenne, one-half a
teaspoonful of nutmeg, one teaspoonful of
lemon Juice, one tablespoonful of chopped
parsley, and salt to taste. Have ready the
crab dishes, fill with the mixture, brush
o\-r with egg. cover with brea.d crumbs,
sprinkle with butter, and bake in a quick
oven for fifteen minutes.
POTTED PIGEONS— \ ash and clean v
many pigeons as are needod, put them In
a saucepan and cover with boiling water.
a<M one small onion and a tablespoonful
of salt; cover well and boll until tender.
Take the pigeons out, drain and Into each
put a teaapootiful of butter, a little salt
and the yolk of one hard-boiled egg. I-ay
In a. deep baking dish, add the liquor they
wen boiled In. one cupful of cream, two
taMespoonfuls of bread crumbs, one of
chopped parsley and small bits of butter.
Season with salt and pepper and cover
with a rich pie crust; bake until the gravy
bolls up through the openings in the crust.
Garnish with parsley and serve.
»HH -KEN PATTIES— Put In a sauce
pan one pint of cold chicken cut Into small
bits, one cupful of broth and one of
i ream: melt two tablespoonfuls of butter
with two of flour and add a little salt and
pepper; allow to cool and add the yolks of
inf. crkp. Stir In the chicken mixture.
luat through and fill the patty shells.
Serve at once.
I.VnNNAISE TRIPE— Wash one pound
of tripe and cut Into small pieces; put It
Into a saucepan and cover with boiling
water, adding a little salt. 801 l half an
hour, take from stove and drain. In a
saucepan put on' large tablespoonful of
butter and one of chopped onion, fry until
the onion begins to change color, add the
tripe, one tablespoonful of vinegar, one of
chopped parsley and salt and peppei to
taste. Simmer for five minutes and serve
on hot buttered toast.
RICE CROQI'ETTES— Put half a cup
ful of milk In a double boiler, when It
I'omnionros to boil add one cupful of
< ooked rice, one tablespoonful of sugar,
one of butter, a speck of grated nutmeg
and a little salt. When it comes to a boll
add one well-beaten egg and stir for two
minutes. Take from stove, and when cold
make Into cork-shaped rolls, dip In egg
and crumbs and fry In deep, hot fat.
FRIED PlGS' FEET— Pigs' feet for chls
purpose can be bought already prepared,
at any of the markets. Wash well, dip In
d roll lncornmeal. Lay In a hot pon.
with equal quantities of butter and lard
ma<lp hot before adding the pigs' Teet.
Fry a nice brown on both sides; when
done put on a hot platter, garnish with
I'ar.-lf>y and serve.
BAKED TOMATOES. STUFFED— Cut
off the end of each tomato, scoop out the
Inside. Into a saucepan put one table
spoonful of butter; when It melts add one
chopped onion, cook until It turns yellow,
ami .idd the tomato pulp, Cook five min
utes, add one cupful of chopped meat, one
< upful of bread crumbs and salt and pep
))or to taste. Take from fire, and wttea
cold fill the tomatoes full. Sprinkle with
brrad crumbs, dot with butt'-r and put In
;i taking pan. Cook In a hot oven until
brown.
LIVER A LA TERRAPIN Roil one
pound of liver in suited water until ten
der; when cold cut Into inch squares.
Mash thr yolks of three hnrd-»«njled cksis
until smooth; add half a cupful of <r ua
I'ut into a saucepan two tablcspoonfnl*
of butter, and when imitfd add one largo
tablespoonful of flour, stir until blended;
add the in am and the yolks; stir until
well mixed and add the liver, season with
salt and popper, stir until very hot and
add one glassful of sherry. Serve at once.
BRAISED TONGUE— Wash and trim
the tongue and put In a covered kettle,
pour over enough water to a little more
than cover It; boll for two hours; then
take out and fasten like a rib roast with
skewers. Into a pan put one tablespoon
ful of butter and when melted add two
onions chopped fine, one small carrot cut
fine, one turnip cut fine and one bunch
of sweet herbs; fry until all of the vege
tables axe a light brown, then take them
out and put In the same butter two table
spoonfuls of flour, two cloves, juice of one
lemon and salt ar.d pepper to taste. Put
the vegetables back In the pan and turn
over all the water in which the tongue
was cooked; mix well and put In the
tonKue. Cover tightly, put In the oven
and cook one hour, basting every fifteen
minutes; then cover well again and cook
one hour more. Take out the meat and
Into the pan pour one pint of boiling wa
ter; add two tablespoonfuls of butter »nd
two of flour: boil until It thickens. Pour
some over the ton«fue and put the re»: In
a gravy dish.FOUND IN THE PHILLIPINES
A Stirring Story
of Army Life
BY BRIGADIER-GENERAL CHARLES KING.
THE rtrry open* with a MM In th«
regimental camp on Presidio H*!j;ht«.
<n-r r :>ok!iJK J»nn Franrl-po harbor. Ru
taora of moving orders to Manila and
t?i* arrival from New Tork of lady
tfrtters at headquarters, vary th* monotony of
mmj. rootlae. The visitor* are In search of a
runaway 1.-} «h> !• believed to hare entered
t!ie annv. and I-leutenant Gray, the most
1 tjnlar pnuns »Meer In hi* resJment. through
k vuppOMd «-gualr.iance with one of the vl»tt
;art>. lit™ Amy ivrami ip envied by
I'"**. 11'" psrty. rnoorted by «'olonel
;: t:ir. ntt.ndK a review on the drill
prouufli and !• dl«turt)ed by the *lt' of a
_i.-ou»S itlsaner - »im iirPM V« »»»• from h!«
Uiur<J^ near them and by a colllalon nmr'ni
the carrlave*. Mt». r.arrir..n. an old acquaint*
' *m 1 ArnrntronK. .* hurt. Private
ti I* arrested on a rharce of stealla*
. He an<ca!« t.. Llrutenant Qray of his
pUff tor te!p. Orny »ecure» the detail of
rua:4 <.\er him. The troop* prepare to Mil hf
laalla Garrtron Jnlnf the Red CraM
'■■■. K0& nff:«- ux the omharklnr. Touac
Mortaa tr.i three "ther rriKonom e»rap«
'! : •■■■rh a. tunwl. Gray im arrei>ted. charsad
with haxlrif iMM the prlaonerm. A I West
P tat, the rummer before, 3Jr». <!arrl»' i n and
Icr founcer slater. Mv Terr'.fii. had rauf»4
much talk. JClta fell In love with a i>rominena
luJcT. Tr.t l^atr- be. but Mrs. Gurrlnnn to. k «
away in tisie t.^ prevent an eini<mrnt and mv»
!.»:r. J^- dMettfl and hU frund. Qflover*
teur Print*, m-tao hi« beea lnfntuat-d with Mra,
> n, '.any away f;. m h «n# tn Jiln the army
?an tYaOCiscu. Xita marr«M < oionel Vramt
uvi l^atrd-e .'< ,lr»«sl her from j.l.ve ti vlaoa,
- ai interview, until hf ii located in BjH
J"r: •■.:>«<■.. ar.a KUpeCted of brluK with Morton,
[Continued.]
"Why. that >*oung fella' » a bawn gene
Uetnun,** drawled Gordon, as ho offered
the colonel a chair and a cigar. "He,wai
i- bavin* lip top, steady .- you pleast\
\.i.ui Hi..>ut a month a^o. llt'i only beea
-. :• :. us since, the llrnt of May— came wlta
k .... !.a:rh of ivcmi'.s -a regular athlet<\
;. . . know. Then, aiter he'd drilled
awhile. 1 naiK-d him for headquarters
cleric I tio\>r knew lnm to be off an hour
until at»>ut four w^-ks ago. The men
hay another young i > Ha came out her*
«.!.<.• night, had a tnlk with Morton, and
:•■: v..r.\ out together. Ho pot regular
permission. Nobody has set fye« on hi*
frtej <: out h<Tf tiliu'tj that time, but Mor
l":i X"i ti;r«-t j..i.-->«-8 to town in ten days,
and i?gu<Hr* happened to want him. ana
i;a\t: iird«ry that he nhouid have to b«
consulted hereafter. 'Bout a fortnight
eincc. by J.^«>: Morton lit out suddenly
«nd wait gutic- furi> -«-i(tht hours, and was
brought back by a patrol, perfectly
btraight. and *:Ud he had to go on ac«
count el a friend who had been taken
Very 111 ati«J waf a ttranger here. Squeers
let him oft with h (rarolns*, and Inside uC
tht<c days he bess«d lur a twenty-four
h^ur jiu>>, and ttQuecro wouldn't give iv
Hi w. ::t without it. by George! It was
just about the tlmu the Prime family ar
nvcU, iiKtklug up the boy they heara was
lv your i' g.iii« :it. This time thtre vru
L>m trouble, 'an- |>atrol sont lor h:m
w«nt dut«ctiy to the- lodging? of nis sick;
trieud, atia ihcre they t^ui.u htm, ana h«
j.-jiu uut two «'f our bv>t nit-n tor lorcing a
w.i.v Into the room. Tht-y told me yuur
carriage nearly ran o\cr nim th« day o£
the icuew. ihcn came that fool
. •..■:-;.- annul his bf-iiig mix»d up In UUa
rt_!i-r.\; then h;> escape from under Uuly
<ir;i,.B i)i .^«-. U> «i».oree: and that's th<»
lit.-: vi :mi,. < aiiK«'r sent a party in to
look him up mi me usual place, and bu'h
blrci Lad rlou'n— botn, by Ueorgel M
hi k man was well enough to ue drivea
on In a i ai tj.i^.-. mid tin-rt-'s nothing fur
thu ;.. tell aa yet."
"1 ujr-u l had known about him earlier —
1 • : :•■ the E*nmea catne,*' Armstrong,
thougnttutiy; Knocsang the asties c«rr hi*
t.^ii, "%jt course you divine my theory/"
•That Morton's the missing son, and
l.'-i: V ••: L'uurse. Now mai I've been
lll^ I'nmo the family resemblance is
strong. *;u; il he wanted to noldler,
what's i" prevent. Those lents yawnduh
are full >•! >«>u:ipf»ter» better educated
tha I -m," and ««'jrdon aro«e, lan^iinjf
a Long, ii.in i«K j!i the nearest camp
.-•■• .. whit ii be promptly kioKcd through
:: • «.(.r\\ay into the sailing fog outsiae,
li v.is barely il o'clock, but already th«
luv., »il wind was whistling in over th«
X.x-.y :.. sandy hl«>j»os and dunes and the
tnolkture «Jnppe<i In bit? drops from in*
.- . •, • v i;'.l-< oi the men marching I-turd
1:> m troiu drill.
"'• Vuwi.uuti comes the Prime carriage
:.<j\\ . by <J«"rii«:" i-onunued the adjutant,
oa I." ;imjwd to Urn entrance. "Ola man
f■< □ i all l>r<ik«» up. don't he?" Arm
kXroug ;.ad primpuy risen and cam*
striding tv Ills comrade's hide.
".Naturally. ' was th- ar.swV r. •He had
)■;•<: much from this vis-it. The boy
was Just under -1 when he enlisted, ana,
a> h:> father's consent was lacking, a
o:scharge rouid have been' ordered. It
may nave be«n fear of tttat that drove
th<* youngster off. Where Is the carriaga
- .md your glass?" continued the colonel,
looking about until he found v binocular.
"Oomln' right down tin; mad back of
the ot!l< < rs' tents. Reckon It's another
v; ; it of i-ondol^nce to Gray. You know
I jjhoui.ln't wuniluh if this arrest of his
proved a hltrsyln' In disguise for that
;uc*y i>'<y."
No reply coining to thin observation,
Gordon glanced over his shoulder. Arm
ftrcni; was replacing the glasses. Aguin
the adjutant hazarded.
"I — 1 wax sayin" this arrest may be.
•itter all. the biggest kind of blessing in
disguise f..r that lucky Billy. Yes. by
Jove! They're cotnln' to '.Is tent. That's
n splendid girl, ole man!"
"&ISS— Prime, you mean?" calmly
qy«-rlf«1 Armstrong, striking match after
ma ten In the effort to light a fresh cigar,
his face averted.
!*2ll*s Pnnu 1 don't mean." answered
Gordon, glancing curiously at the senior
ofJicr. "Not but that she's a most charm-
Ing younn lady and all that." he hur
riedly interpolated. Southern chivalry as
serting Itself. Then with a twitch about
the Im: "Hy the tray, ole man. thoso
cigars light better from the other end.
Take a ir« sh one."
Armstrong qjickly withdrew the 1 11—
'. *.\ .v ir> m between his strong white
•• ■•' ;-avo it on*» glance, and a toss into
• : • waste basket.
No. I've imoked enough. Riit how
<•• him? How about that sen
try ov«r «;r;: y'f t<-ntV"
"HuJ : I'htel rr.nde him take it off dl«
:•...:;>■ !,•• beard of it." grinned Gordon.
•Tir^.v |j u t i]j,in't Squeerc blaspheme:"
Ai:«l the ri'Uutr.nt throw his bead back
ond la^Vd Joyously over tIM retrospect.
"V«i; ti.i r^'B that curly i>uto of Hilly s at
tl.e t«:it door now. Itcctcnn he was o:c
pectltt' •Hi. Tncrt they are. oh- Prim*.
ton. i>ir!i't lif in a hurry, colonel."
They bad kn<nvn each other years.
Ibesc two. ;-.r,<l It had been "Armstrong"
nnd "<<ir(]n'i" wli^n th«-y addressed each
<i?h<r. i.r "■!.• man" wh«n Qordon lapsed
Into \l,f ternl-affectlonate. To the adju
turitV Soutlxrn s^nse «if military propri
«ty ••(.!«• man" was nil! j.ofj-iblc. •■^rin
htrr>r.»;" v<iul<l I><- a noldlerly solecism.
"J am to :vc the general "before noon,"
*M Armrtro&c Sr&^jr. "ami li's lime I
BJurted. Jf you should h«ar of your run
away let mo ki.«.w. If ><>v shouldn't,
3<<»«p our Viowa to yourself. There"? no
<;se )r reusing falsr; hepts." With that
Armstrocc turr.ed up the collar of hia
orercoat and lun>;ed out Into the mint
<Jor<lf>n watehf (l him as li.« strwlc away,
the orderly following at the conventional
<J!Ftnn«-«-. The shortest way to general
headquarters was up the row of com
pany otflcem' tents In front «.f the 11 In
car«vrat»d Billy: the longest was around
back < f the men tent and kitchen. Arm-
Btronff took the latter. . •
That f:caj>e of prisoners was still thi*
talk of ramp. Men had com* by bnt
tallocf to Ft-o th«« tunnel, observing' which
♦ "tiiKt promptly orders! It closed up
Opinion was universal that Canker should
have reicnvrd the officers ami men !n? had
j.laoed under arrest at once, but he didn't.
Fn his Ix-tlled wratli he hnnp on to them
until tl:<- hrlcade commander took a hand
nnl ordered It. <*anker grumhlingly
(iheyod .«■• far as the t^erpeant and pentne*
•won* concerned, but entered stout protest
HM to Gray.
"I Mil! h<-.]d that officer an ha vine
i:nowl«dKe of the *cheme and Hiding and
nbettlng. I can prove that he telephoned
for that carriage," he nald.
"At least there's nothing to warrant the
nrtlnp of that sentry at Mr. Gray's tent.
v'ol'ino) ' "anker," paid the brigadier, with
mine asperity. "Order hlra off at onco.
That* all for to-day, *lr." and the man
with the Marred shoulder* "held over"
Mm with the silver leaves. The latter
coulil only obey— .-• ' objugate.
I- 1-'1 -'- Canker's knuckles came In fur an
Cop-pri^M by T. Trnny»on Neely.
other rnpping within the hour. The
brigadier being don* with him. the divi
sion commander's compliments came over
j>er orderly, and wouM the colonel please
ptep to the general's t«*nt. Canker was
fuming to gft to town. He was possessed
with an insano desire to follow up that
boarding-house clew. He believed the
landlady could be bullied Into telling
where her boarder was taken and what
manner of man for woman/ he v.-.-i- Hut
down be had to go, three blocks of camp,
to whr-re tho tents of division headquar
ters were pitched, and there sat the vet
eran comandvr. suave :tnd placid as
ev«»r.
"Ah. colonel, touching that matter of
tn*> robbery <>f your commissary stores.
Suspicion points very strongly to your
Sergeant F01..y. Do you think It wise to
navo no sentry over nim?"
"Why. fjitx-rnl." 5.i1.l Canker, "I've
known that man fiftron years— ln fart. I
got him ordered hen-." and the <-olonel
bristled.
"Well, pardon me, <-<>lonel. but you
h'-.ird the evidence anlnst him last night,
or at Last hoar.l of It. Don't you con
sider that conclusive*"
Canker cleared his throat and consid
ered rs suggested.
"' heard the allegation, sir. but— he
made so clear an explanation to me at
leaM-and besides, general"— a bright Idea
occurring to him— "you know th.-it as com
missary sergeant he !r. not under my com
mand "
"Tut. tut. colonel." interrupted the gen
eral. waxliiß Iniratirnt. "Tho storehouse
adjoins >our camp. Your sentries guard
It. Captain llanf. i the commissary
says he < ailed on you last night to not if v
you that h>- had placed tho sr-rgeiint un
der arrest, but considered the case so
grave that he asked thiit a sentry i>e
placed over him. and it wasn't douO
"I dislike very much to Inflict such in
dlgnitv on de«< rvlnsr soldiers, general "
said Canker, stumbling into a self-made
trajt. "l.'ntil Ihclr is established
they are Innocent under the L'»w."
••Apparently you apply a different rule
In case of olllcers." calmly responded the
general, "vide Mr. Gray. No further
words are necessary. Oblige me by hav
ing that sentry posted at once. Good
morning, tir."
Bat to Canker's dismay the officer of
the guard made prompt report. The s"n
try was sent, hut the sergeant's tent was
<mpty. The colonel's pi t had flown. This
meant more trouble for the colonel.
Meantime Stanley Armstrong had hied
him to General Dra> ton ■ headquarters
The office tents were well tilled whh
clerks, orderlies, aids and other officers
who had come in on business, but this
meeting wns by appointment, and after
hi li delay the camp commander excused
himself to those present and ushered
Armstrong into his own private tent in«
scene of tne merry festivities the eveii'ng
of Mrs. Garrison's unexpected arrival.
There the general turned quickly on his
visitor with th< low-toned question.
"Well what have you found?"
"Knough to give me strong reason for
believing that Morton, ■o-called, Is young
Prime, and that your nephew Is with him.
sir." •■*;
The old soldier's pad eyes lighted with
sudden hope. Yet as he passed his hand
wearily over his forehead th« look of
doubt and uncertainty slowly returned.
"It accounts for the letters reaching mo
here," he said, "but— l've known that boy
from babyhood. Armstrong, and a more
intense naluro l have never heard of.
What ho starts In to do he will carry out
if it kills him." And Dray ton looked
drearily about the tent as though in
search of something, he didn't quite know
wha,t Then he settled back slowly into
his favorite old chair. "Do sit down,
Armstrong. I want to speak with you a
moment." Yet it was the colonel who
was th« first to break th« silence.
"May I ask if you have had time to
look at any of the letters, sir."
"Do I look as though 1 had time to do
anything?" said the chief, dropping his
hands and uplifting a lined and haggard
fact-, yet »«o refilled. "Anything but work,
work. morn, noon and night. The mi of
<let:;il ono has to meet here is something
appalling It weighs on me like a night
mare, Armstrong. No, 1 m worn out
the night after the package reached me.
When next I sought it the letters were
gone."
'How long- was that, general?"
Again the weary iiands. with their long,
tapering lingers, came up to the old sol
dier's brow. He pondered a moment. "It
must have been the next afternoon I
think, but I can't be rare."
"And you had left them ?"
"In the inside pocket of that old over
coat of mino hanging there on the rear
tentpose," was the answer, an the General
turned half around In !:js chair glancing
wistfully, self-reproachfully thither.
Armstrong arose. and going to the back
of the tent, made dose examination. Tn«
canvas home of the chief -was what is
known as the hospital tent, but Instead of
being pitched with the ordinary ridgepole
and uprights a substantial wooden frame
and iioor bad Urst been built, and over
this •' ■• -•■•• canvas waa st
i l L retched,
stanch Hnu iaut M the head of a drum
It was all intact and sound. Whoever
Mlehed that packet made away with it
through the front, and that, "aa Arm
strong well knew, wns kept tightly laced
as a rule, from the time the General I. ft
it in the morning until nil return. It was
never unlaced except in his presence or
by his order. Then the deft hands of th«
irdir.ies on duty would do the trick in a
twinkling. Knowing all this, the colonel
(juericl further:
"You v. • nt in town, as I remember late
that evening und called on the Primes and
other peonic at the Palace I think I
saw you in the supper room. There was
much nicrrimei-.i nt your table. Mrs Gar
rison • ■ mcd to l « the lit". of the party
Now. you loft your overcoat with the boy
at the cloak stand?" *
"No. Armstrong- t! at'B the odd part of
In 1 only used th.' <npe that evening
The coat was hanging at its usual place
when I returned late with a mass of new
order and papers. No! No! But here I
must Hot back to the ..Illcc: and what* ,
wished you to *cc was that poor boy's
letter Whaj can you h..p, witl, H nature
like t!i:it t<> d- ;U with?
Armstrong took the missive held nut to
him and slowly read It. the general
studying his face the whilo. The letter
bore no clew as to the whereabouts of the
writer. It read: . . *
... . , , "March 1. # 9R.
It Is six weeks since I repaid all your
loving kindness, brought shame and sor
row to you and ruin to myself, by desert
ing from West Point when my commis
sion was but a few short months away.
In an hour of Intense misery, caused by a
girl who had won my very soul, and
THE SUNDAY tALU
whose words and letters made me believe
she would become my wife the month
of my graduation, and who, as I now be
lieve, was then engaged to the man she
married in January, 1 threw myself away.
My one thought was to find he*-— God
knows what beyond.
"It can never be undone. My career Is
ended, and I can never look you In the
face again. At first I thought I should
show the letters, one by one, to the man
she married, and ask him what he
thought of hi" wife; but that is too low.
I hold them because I have a mad long-
Ing to Me her again and heap reproaches
upon her. but if I fail and should feel
at any time that my end is near. I'm go
. ing to send them to you to read— to see
how I was lured, and then. If you can,
to pity and forgive.
"ROLLIN."
Armstrong's firm lip twitched under his
mustache. The general, with moist eyes,
had risen from his chair, and mechanic
ally held forth his" hand. "Poor lad!"
sighed Armstrong. "Of course— you
know who the girl was?"
"Oh. of course," and Dray tun shrugged
his shoulders.
•Well we'll have to go, and led on to
the sty light without
Over across the way were the headquar
ters tents of a big brigade, hopefully
■.waiting orders for Manila. To their left,
separated by ■ narrow space, so crowded
were the .■-:■-.;■■ were the quarters of
the officers of the '••■nth Infantry, and
even through the veil of mist, both sol
diers could plainly see along the lino.
Coming toward the gate was Mr. Prime,
escorted by the major. Just behind them
followed Mildred and the attentive
'Schuyler. But where was Miss Law
rence? Armstrong had already seen.
Lingering, she stood at Billy's tent front,
her ear inclined to his protruding pate.
lie was saying something that took Bine.
and she showed no inclination to hurry
him. Miss Prime looked back, then she
and Schuyler exchanged significant smiles
end glances. There was rather a linger
ing handclasp before Amy started. Even
then she looked back at th« boy and
smiled. •
"H*m!" said the general, as he gazed,
"that youngster wouldn't swap places
with any subaltern In camp, even If he
Is under chart ,
There was no answer from the strong
soldier standing observant at his elbow
But when the chief would have moved
Armstrong detained him. "One more
question, general. In case you were
away and wanted something you had left
In this tent, you would send an aid— or
orderly, or— would an order signed by one
;;r staff be sufficient?"
"H'm, well v<<«, I suppose it would,**
said the reneral.
CHAPTER XII.
Opinion was divided at Camp Merrltt as
to whether Billy Gray should or should,
not stand trial. Contident as were his
friends of his Innocence of all complicity
in Morton's escape, there remained the
tact that he had telephoned for ■ car
riage, thai a carriage had come and that
a carriage with four men. apparently .-"1
diers, had driven rapidly lownward alone
I'oint Lobos avenue. It was seen by half
a dozen policemen as it shot under elec
tric light or gas lamp. Then there was the
bundle Inside Jjis rolled overcoat that
Gray had personally handed Morton when
a prisoner. Everybody agreed he should
have Bent It by orderly— everybody, that
Is, except some scores of young soldiers
in the ranks who could see no harm In
it having been done thai way, especially
two "Delta Bigs" In the — tee.nth. Then
there were the long conferences In the
dark. What did they mean? All things
considered the older and wiser heads saw
that, as the lieutenant could or would
make no satisfactory explanation of these
to his colonel, he must to a court — or take
the consequences.
"You've made a mess of the thing and
an ass of yourself. Billy." was Gordon's
comprehensive if not consolatory sum
mary of the matter, "and as Canker has
been rapped for one thing or another by
camp, division and brigade commanders,
one after another, he feels that be's got
to prove that he Isn't the only fool In the
business, You'd better employ a good
counsel and prepare for a fight."
"Can't afford It." said Billy briefly,
"and I'm blowed if I'll ask my dear old
dad to come to the rescue. He's had to
cough up (shame on your slang. Billy far
too much already, i 1. 11 you, Gordon.
I'm so fixed thai I can't explain these
things miles. I'm actually brought to
trial. It's— well— you have no secret
societies at the Point ns we do at college,
so you can't fathom It. I'm no more
afraid of standing trial than I am of
Bqueers- be d— d to him!"
"Good Laird, youngster— you— you aren't
quite such an ass as to suppose a court
is going to regard any schoolboy obliga
tion as paramount to that which your
oath of omr< demands. Look hyuh. Billy,
your head's just addled! I can't work on
you, but somebody must!"
And Gordon went away very low in his
mind. He liked thai boy. He loved a
keen, alert, snappy soldier on drill, and
Billy had no superior in the battalion
when it came to handling squad or com
pany. The adjutant plainly saw the peril
of his position and further consultation
with his brother officers contlrmed him in
his fears. Schuyier. the brigade commis
sary, being much with the teenth—
messing with them. In tact, when he was
not dancing attendance on Miss Prime
heard all this camp talk and told her.
Thus it happened that the very next day
when he drove with the cousins (Mr.
Prime being the while in conference with
the detectives still scouring the city for
the young deserter, whom the father now
felt confident was his missing boy). Mlsn
Lawrence looked the captain full in the
fare with her clear, searching eyes and
plumped at him the point blank question:
"Captain Schuyier, do Mr. Gray's
brother officers really consider him in
danger of dismissal?"
"Miss Lawrence. I grieve to say that not
one has any other opinion now."
There could be no doubt of it. Amy
Lawrence turned very pale and her beau
tiful eyes filled.
"It id a shame," she said after a mo
ment's struggle to conquer the trembling
of her lips. "Has— ls there no one—in
fluential enough— or with brains enough
(this with returning color) to take up his
case and clear him?"
They were whirling through the beau
tiful drive of Golden date Park, pass
ing company after company at drill. Even
as Amy .spoke Schuyler lifted his cap and
Miss Prime bowed and smiled. A group
of regimental officers, four in number,
stood, apparently supervising the work,
and as Miss Lawrence quickly turned to
pee who they might be. her eyes met those
of Colonel Armstrong. Five minutes
later the carriage, returning, drew up as
though by some order from Its occupants,
at that very spot. Armstrong and his ad
jutant were still there and promptly
Joined them.
Long weeks afterward that morning
lived in Stanley Armstrong •memory. It
was one of those rare August days when
the wind blew from the southeast, beat
back the drenching Pacific fogs and let
the warm sun pour upon the brilliant ver
dure of that wonder! ul park. Earth and
air. distant sea and dazzling sky. all
seemed glorifying their Creator. Bright
hued birds Hashed through the foliage
and filled the ear with their caroling.
The plash of fountain fell softly on the
breeze, mingled with the rustling of the
luxuriant growth of leaf and flower clos«
at hand. It was not chance that brought
the stalwart, soldier ii.uantly to Amy's
side. Her. gaze, was upon him before the
carriage stopped, ami irresistibly drew
him. The man of mature years, the hero
of sharp combats and stirring campaigns
with a fierce and savage (•>•-. the com
mander of hundred* of eager and gallant
men. obeyed without thought of demur
th«» unspoken summons of a girl yet in
her teens. There was a new light in rcr
clear and beautiful eyes, a flush upon
her soft and rounded cheek, a little flut
ter, possibly, in her kind and loyal heart.
Heaven knows hi.'? beat high with an
emotion he could not subdue, though his
bearing was grave and court* as ever,
but about that sweet and .flushing face
there shone the halo of ■ woman's brave
determination, and no sooner had he
ached the carriage side than, bending
toward him she spoke Mildred Prime
could not repress n little gasp of amaze.
"Colonel Armstrong, will you kindly
open the carriage door? I want to talk
with you a moment."
Without a word he wrenched the handle
and threw wide the door. Lipht as a
bird she sprariK to the ground, hi-r ttngers
Just touchiriß th.' ■ Kt< n ! d hand. Side by
stde they str.illi .1 an the sunlit
lawn, he so strong, virile, erect; she so
me and graceful. Full of her pi-:
yet fearful that with delay might come
tlmldltj . she looked up In his fa
"Colonel Armstrong, 1 have beari only
■ that Mr. lira, in in really serious
danger, will you tel] me— the truth?"
Juft what Armstrong expected it might
be hard to say. The littht that had |i
to his eyes faded slowly, and his fsu
something of the Bush of robust health.
Then was ■ brief pause before he spoke,
as though lit wished time to weigh his
words.
"1 fear It is true." he gravely said.
Th<n, in a moment: "Miss Lawrence, will
you not take my arm?" And be f«lt h«-r
hand tremble a.« she placed It there. It
was ■ moment before -he began again:
"They tell me he should have counsel,
but will not heed. 1 have nor teen him
to-day. There Is no one In his battalion.
It seems, whom he really looks up I
He is headstrong and s- lf-conttdent Do
you think he .should— that he iu-t-il^ one?"
And anxiously the brave eyes sought the
strong, soldierly fa •
"It would seem SO, Miss Lawrence."
She drew a long breath. She seemed to
ding a little dower to his arm. Then
straight came tue next question:
"Colonel Armstrong;, will you do me a
great favor? Will you be his counsel?"
He was looking directly to the front as
she Bomething told him whai »a*
("iiuiiK. yet he could not answer all jii
cine. What did it mean, after all, but
Just what he had been thinking for a
week, that the girl's trash young heart
had R.me out to this merry, handsome,
soldierly lad, whom he. too. had often
marked with keen appreciation wh«Mi in
command of his big company at drill.
What possible thought of h> rs could he.
"more than twlc her years." hay.
hoped to win? She had come to him In
her sore trouble -and her lover's— as she
would have gone to her father had he
been a soldier schooled in such affairs.
Armstrong pulled himself together with
<iulck. stern self-command.
Looking down. "• saw that her
were filllns. her lips paling, and a rush
of tenderness overcame him as he. simply
and gently answered:
"Tea. and there is no time to be lost."
• • •
All these Mast days. It will be remem
bered, Mrs. Frank Garrison, with pretty
"Cherry Rlp«\" had found shelter at the
Presidio. The Palace was no place for a
pour soldier's wife and there was no longer
a grateful nabob as a possible source of
income. It is doubtful Indeed whether that
mine could he further tapped, for the ef
fusive brother-in-law of the winter Rone
by had found disillusion In more wayn
than our. Garrison, busy day Bad nUht
with hli staff datles, bad plainly to tell
his capricious wife that she bad
without his knowledge or consent, and
that iie could not think of m. ;:ng the
expense of even a two weeks' -t
town. He could not account for h>-r com-
Ing at all. He had loft her with his own
where at lea.-t she would be In
i imfort while be took the field. :;
•hat she should return thither at
once. She determined t" remain and
gayly tapped bit cheek and badi
nave no conceri BuM • >uM readily
quarters, and she did.
The regular garrison of the Presidio wan
tfleld. hut the families of miny
of it< officers still remained there. wr»n<»
the houses of two or three, ccmi
furnished so fur aa army furnishing
there In charge of the posl q i
: Prom being the temporary
•■I some old friei Prank anJ h-r
pretty companion suddenly opened ■
Keeping in one of these vacated
and all bet witch* ry was called Into piay
to make <t th. most popular resort f f he
youngi • at thi post Money «he
micht lack, bui no woman could eclli •
hei In thr daxslc of her dainty toilets.
r feet
before .■((•-• bad been established forty
eight l"- ! irs. Other j — -
died her over to camp whenever she
would • ■ Other i pie's b
■addled at her d ■ when she w >uld ride.
Other • '.v to do ■ ■
Women i iper and frown,
hut for the B
nxn at tier tx • k and call.
Mom. noon an i i. ra the
go the mornini
rule, to a gallop over the br< ■ij I
where the brigade or r> glmental drills
wrere i " calls,
whi i> m it is ev< r i:
than ■ bops
at the assembly roi m or to entertalnlnft
- charmingly entertaining the 'utle
■warm of officers, with occasional angels
ol her own w x sure to < i r . j 1> In and spend
an hour. Cherry played and sani
•'m:t<!. th«- hoys Mrs Fnu
me and genial and Joyous to
.u'ci w ben » larrison him
from camp, generally late it'
Ing, looking worn and jaded from long
at the di 8T a com
forting supper and smiling, playful w-l
come f r >r lv i lord, making much of him
mbled i ompany, to th<* end
that mor< than one callow sub was heard
to say that there would be some sense In
marrying, by George, it a fellow could
pick up a wife like Mr- Frank.
All the same, the post soon learned that
the supposed!] blest aide-de-camp break
fasted solus on what he could forage for
himself before he mounted and rode over
to his long day's labor at Camp Merrttt.
Another thing was speedily apparent: the
entente cordiule between her radiant self
and the Primes was at an end. If. Indeed It
ever existed. She. to be sure, was sun
shine Itself when they chanced to meet
at camp. The cloud* were on the faces
Of the father and daughter, while Miss
Lawrence maintained a serene neutrality.
They were lingering in 'Frisco, still
hopefully, were th,- Prime*. The detect
ives on duty at the landing stage the
evening Stewart'* regiment embarked
swore that no one answering the descrip
tion of either of the two young men had
■lipped aboard. Those in the employ of
the sad old man were persistent In the
statement that they had clews— were on
the scent, etc.
lie was a sheep worth the shearing, and
so, while Mr. Prime spent many hours
In consultation with certain of these so
culled sleuth-hounds, the young ladles
took their dally drive through the park
generally picking up the smiling Schuyler
somewhere along the way. and rarely
omitting a call, with creature comforts
in the way of baskets of fruit, upon the
happy Billy, whose limits were no longer
restricted to his tent, as during tho first
Week of his arrest, but whose court was
ordered to sit In judgment on him the
llrst of the coming week. Already It be
gan to be whispered that Armstrong hau
.1 mine to spring in behalf of the defense
but he was so reserved that no one, even
Gordon, sought to Question.
''Armstrong Is a trump." said Billy in
Miss Lawrence, one fair morning "He/ii
knock those charges silly— though I dare
say I could have wormed through all
right; only, you -.-.■. i couldn't got out to
Mini people to give evidence for me "
"Po >■"] see him often?" she asked
somewhat vaguely. «*cu,
"Armstrong!" exclaimed Billy. (n onen
ever- a Z "' "Why, he ' 8 here with me
every da)
"But never." thought Miss Lawrence
in the morning— win we are " '
The eventful Monday was duly ushered
in. but not the court. The case never
came to trial. Like the crack of a whin
an nrd^r , snapped in by wire
on the Thursday previous for three reei
ments-the — -teenth regulars and the
"Primeval Dudes." Armstrong's splendid
regiment among them— to prepare for sea
voyage forthwith. More than that. Gen
eral Drayton and staff wore directed to
proceed to Manila at once. Two-third.-*
or the members of the court were from
these regiments. A jjpw detail would be
necessary. The general Bent for Arm
strong.
"Can't we try that case here and now?*
he asked. ...
"Certainly." sail Armstrong, "If you U
send for Canker that ho may be satis*
fled."
And Canker cam* and listened. It was
admitted that Gray had had a lon* tall*
with the prisoner, took htm his over
coat, newspapers, etc.. but, tn extenua
tion, they were members of the same col
lege society and their social .'.ding
was, out.slae the army, on the samo
plane. Gray deserved reprimand an<l
caution— nothing more. As to the car
riage, he had nothing to d«> with the one
that drove to camp that night. A man
.In the uniform of ■ commissary sergeant
giving the name of Foley (how Canker
winced) had oruered It at tho stable and
taught the driver "•Klllarncy."' Gray had
'phoned for a carriage for himself, stop
ping 10 get the ollker of the day's per
mission to be absent two hours to tell his
story In person to the general, who was
dining with the department commander.
He never got the permission, and tho car
riage went to the wrong camp. Lieuten
ant \V. F. Gray was released from arrest
and returned to duty.
"I shall never tv able ti thank you
enough." said he sentimentally, ti> Mlsa
Lawrence, at the Palace that cv« nlng.
They were strolling up and down the cor
ridor, waiting. if n S^huyUJV for MU»
dred to come down for the theater* Gray's;
curly head was Inclined toward the dark
locks of his fair partner. lli.« «•>•«•» were
fastened on her faintly flushing face.
They made a very pretty pWtur.\ j-aid j.«ro
ple who looked on knowingly, and ao
thought the officer In the uniform of a
colonel of infantry, who, while talking
calmly to Mr Prime full thirty yards.
away, watched them with eyes that w»t«
full of sadness. How could he see at thut
distance that her eyes, clear and radian:.
were seldom uplifted to tho ardent guzo
of her escort, ami were at the moment
looking straight at him" How 'could ho
hear at that distance the prompt re
sponse, given with an Inclination of the
bonny head to Indicate her meaning?
There's where your thar.ks ure due,
Mr Gray."
Quite a gathering of army folk was at
the Palace that night. S<> many wives
or sweethearts were going homo. s.»
many soldiers abroad, und Mrs. Frank
Garrison, gay and gracious, passed them
time and again, leaning on th»j arm <•*
Captain McDonald, a new devotee, whtlo
poor Cherry, with an enamored swain
from the Presidio, languished in a dim.
secluded corner. She had been recalled
by parental authority and was to start
for Denver under a matronly wing on tho
morrow. Mrs. Frank had been bidden,
and expected, to go at the some time, but
that authority was merely marital. ; ;.
to this time not one urmy wife had be'-n
permitted to accompany her husband on
any of tho transports to Manila, though
one heroine managed to k--' carried away
and to share her liege lor.i h stateroom
its far an Hoi ■ lulu. The general and his
staff, with a big regiment of Volunteers,
were to sail on th. morrow, the other
regiments as fast as transports could be
coaled and made ready.
Something In Mrs. Garrison's gay. tri
umphant manner prompted a sore
hearted woman, suffering herself at the
coming parting, to turn and say: "Well,
Mrs. Garrison, I suppose that after your
husband sails you'll have to follow tho
rest of us Into grass widowhood."
One thing that made women hate Mnr
raret Garrison was that she "could never
tie taken down," and the answer ramo
cuttingly, as It was meant to go, even
though a merry laugh wet with It.
"Not I! When the ship 1 want Is ready
I go with It!"
But as she turned triumphantly away
the color suddenly left her cheek and
there was an Instant's falter. As though
he had heard her words. Stanley Arm
strong, too, h«d suddenly turned and
stood looking sternly into her eyes.
CHAPTER XIII.
Still another expedition was destined to
start for Manila, and keen wan the ri
valry among the regiments held to dally
drill at San Francisco. The rumor wns
current in the camps that the next re
view was to decide the matter, and that
the commands pronounced to be foremost
In discipline and efllciency would be des
ignated to embark The transports that
had conveyed the earlier expeditions to
the Philippines began to reappear in tho
bay. and coaling and refitting were hur
ried to the utmost. The man most eager
to get away was Stanley Armstrong: and
If merit were to decide the matter it wa.i
concede among the volunteers that In
point of style and equipment the "Prime
val Dudes" "held over" all competitors,
even though every competitor believed it
self more than it match for the Dudes
If actual campaigning and fighting wero
in contemplation. Senators and members
from the States represented by the vol
unteers at San Francisco led burdensome,
lives, for officers and men were pulling
every wire to secure the longed-for or
ders for an Immediate voyage to Manila
when, all on a sudden, the hopes of all
were crushed Spain had begred for
peace. "No more men can be sent to Ma
nila," said the official! consulted. and
Camp Merritt put on mourning forth
with.
But Armstrong had been studying the
situation and was not easily daunted. !(•■>
was a man whose opinion carried weight
and from the very first he had maintained
that while 13.000 or -aj/oo might be men
enough to hold Manila. 50.0W might not
be enough to subdue at once the forces
of Aiculnaldo In case they should turn
upon the Americans, which, said he. pia
cldly. they will most certainly do beforo
we are a year older.
The Dudes, therefore, much to their dis
gust, were kept steadily at work. Other
regiments, profiting by example, followed
suit; but In others still a small proportion
of their membership, believing, -s th*y
said, that the "Jig was up." took to law
less and unhallowed expression of their
disgust and became thereby a nulsunco
to the neighborhood. San Franciscans,
who had wept copiously when others
sailed away, would have seen the*<» pa
triots sent Into exile without shedding a
tear. * *
"Every man of this command will yet be
needed and yet be sent." said Armstrong.
fco. too, did the veteran division com
mander, and the brigade took hiart ac
cordingly. The last of the regulars, with
the recruit detachments for r^-jrlments al
ready In the Philippines, had been shipped
to Honolulu, there to await orders, and
September seemed destined to go by with
out a change for the better In the pros
pects of the men still left In canap about
the reservation. The Primes, convinced
at last that the boy they sought was not
to be found In California, had gono to
Santa Anita visiting their kindred, th«
Lawrences: and Armstrong, buckling
down to hard and constant work wan
striving to persuade himself that he did
not care that the mornings no longer
brought with them the carriage and th*
fair face of that gentle girl: the depart
ment commander himself had gone to
take a look at his new responsibilities in
Hawaii: little Mrs. Garrison still held
court, though with diminished retinue, at
the Presidio, when one day, Just as Octo
ber was ushered In, there came a mes
sage from the adjutant general In town.
Would Armstrong drop in at the office at
the first opportunity, A matter of somo
Importance had come up tn the general's
first letter from Honolulu, one on which
Armstrong's opinion was desired; and tn# ,
colonel, hoping for tidings of a chance to;
move even that far to the front mado Im
mediate opportunity and took the first car
for the Phelnn building. The adjutant
general looked up from a littered desk as
Armstrong entered.
"It Is good of you to me so prompt
ly." said he. "I'm In a stew, to tell the
truth, and I want your advice." Then h*
tapped his bell. "Excuse me to'nny ono
who come* for the next ten minutes."
said he to the attendant who entered "I
have business with Co'.onf I Armstrong."
No sooner did the orderly vanish than
the man of the desk whirled full on tho
man of the saddle. "Armstrong." said he
"you defended Gray and proved him Inno
cent. - What else has i inker against
him'""
"Nothing that I know of— why?"
"Because he's got him In arrest again
at Honolulu and the chief Js worked up
over something. 1.... hero— do you sup
pose did you ever hear about certain let
ters that were stolen from General Dray
ton's tent?"
"I heard— yes. Why?" And the look of
disappointment which had appeared In th*
grave face of the colonel gave way to ono
of alert Interest.
"Just read that." said the staff nfflcl.il.
holding forth a letter. "Hcgin thcro at
'LaterT' "
And Armstrong read, his forehead
slowly grooving Into something very l!k<»
a frown.
"Later. I may have to remain here sev
eral days. Canker, with the — teenth,
went ahead before news of the protocol
could stop him: but he leaves here a num
ber Of !-ick Lieutenant Gray, charged
with using threatening and Insubordlnato
language to Ms commanding' ofllrer,
among them: and Gray Is down with
brain fever. The doctors say he Is too
in to be disturbed, and his side of tho
story Is hard to get at. as the boy Is too
flighty to talk sense. From CnnKer's own
admission I learned that he acenwd Gray
of having knowledge of the wher<*abo«its
of that packet of letters stolen from Gen
eral Drayton's tent.-
To b« continued.
2930
LITTLE. BROWN * CO. have |
added to their lonic Mst of cx
i. cellent translations Oaldos 1 "Fara-
Cossa," translated by Minna Caro
lina, Smith. In th* history of Sp.ttn.
co brilliant, so tratfc and no heroic, no j
; **»■ Is more glorious tad mnrp r«ad «l;nn :
that which refonSi the mfmonlil? sec- !
end defense of Samrossa In the* war with ;
Napol««n. Fpsln had been left by ir.ibo- :
die ar.d corrupt leaders without inrt.cy '
and wltho'it a froverr.mer.t. The country j
had no organized mean!" of d»fensi». Yet ■
th« spirit of patriotism »>*»rr.ed to - ...
from th« clods of«the earth to mwt the'
lnvnJera. It vu In this conflict with the j
idea, pf national Independence which ere
at«d. aa army out of tattered peasants '
*nd quiet student* of theology that Na- '
poleon's «trer!|rth way* wasted. so that the '
later shock* overthrow his firj.iro. -1 |
!n this fierce.. irregular ftrursie Ban i
g-oaaa waa foremost. After sufi^ring with '
fortitude, the usual aconles of a besleped i
dty— plas-ua, pestilence and ... !
vr.« iiTered hy th«» French, but only
wfcSß Its drf«.ns*s had hren reduced t.> '
cnimMir.c hraps. Even then the l>esl--g
*n had to f.pht their way from house to |
bouse and from floor to floor. V.'hen at
last tie city was within the power of the I
French "fifty thousand d*a J ppnk# from j
the city of. AraffOH '.o arouse the eourare ]
of Ppadn. ' WeJl may the story of such '
valor be prefaced by the words of Na
pier: "When the other events of the
t?r>ar.ish war shall be lost In the obscur
ity of time, or only traced by disconiv et
«>d fragrant*, th" story «f Zaragoza. Ifke
some ar.cUrr.t triumphal pillar standing
air.ldst ruins, will tell a tale of past
flory. and already m»n point to the he
roic city and call her Spain."
TLe translator ■ppareatly a^ds to this j
quotation a r^?s.-iK*- from :L* novel It- '
•elf: "M^n of l!t!l<* sense— without any.
on occaalar.— th<» Spanish to-d?y. as ev*r.
»ake a thousand blunders, *tumb!:nfr ;
*nd rislrs In the struggle of their In- !
born Vice* with the eminent quaJfies !
m-h!<-h tJi"y ftijl preserve. Providence
2icld!« In Ftore for this people er^at ad
vantafea and abatements, cr^at frrora
asrt BurorisM. ipparrnt deaths and
"xnicV.ty rMmrrecUortii.*'
"Snracnpsa" In ■ t.-»)e of th« sl^ire so un 
aJT«»ctr.]ly real th-it It rolirbt «»com to be a
diary by n soldier. Py. unlike many. :t
mot most; example* f roai'Fni ii la not i
Paenotonoui or Incomplete, or lacking In
[distinction. r.iTi.ii .:.t. th* t:jriy unie old
fmli«<«- *lm b«!t.*y<-.l th" ::ni»»rKTour.d pas- j
jf>ac^ t" :!i/» French; his l>.-at:tiful .lauyh- ■
,ter. Mar,qu!'.:-\. po nobl« and lovlnc. wh.)»» !
jfar* was lighted with beavesly calm;
character wns made of tho finest
♦xneta'. "yjeldlng only to a sm-at f.ro. i»j»
molten btirnJnc «rher« It touched";
:-.t at.il Impetuous I>on Jose d«» Mon
tf r .. . cheerful and l.^irtunK In hospitality
buid In war. the frnnkj ronieh; lender, cor.
r«lst«:i:. loving, unhappy old man whom no j
"K>a<« c.ir i:<lji lovlnx find r««pp.'.;ine--:h«>!«e '
|ihrrf charactera nr* thrr«» liviTir* people to !
jtrhoa no o::o but Galdos .-.-.n Intr.^duce I
•you. r.n.j w lioir. you v, !U remember lon* j
.eftor you have ••i<>?'-<5 r.!<- bock.
"Sarag ■- .'• utthe eaffanrj! lr.c<*nuous- I
»«« ' ' ■' • : which 1* :i birthright of \
-th' Spaniith in '■:.-:. This deltehtful qual
■ :ty. found la ihe tales ..f the .slxwnth
Leentiirj^ where Iho ix-KK«r !><>«• cheats the i
blind n>a:: ot h'.s wn:->. In l>on Quixote,
'■*'■' tT r :t ■■ •!!.' .my rv-«»* .-rd 'fllks
cvrr sn>th!riß-^-b*rbeT or the laws
cf *tj ■ oerslsn •:. the Bpaalah novels of
••this ecatur>-. Indeed. :lie novels of ;o-<]ay
boar (vitness la 'h>- c\,,*~ r«-Ki rnblance in
a.: essential matters between Spain three
h'.ir.dn. 1 >t.ir.« .■*:•) . t -d Spain in the pros
en: -i£~. All th:ng» ar.« the snnie-the
!vali<-d !iouses, the crated balcony, the
rdt> :::!<» it- garden. The Government is
•:::; j««r«.-)r.al a^d corrupt. Th-» society Is
arSstorratic, but utraniee'y fr:t?:H. The
Bpajil.»r.l hinis-lf Is U»e same; haujrhty
an.l h.m^itjiiile. < rynl and Quixotic, blun
<S<*:.:.^ and full oS noble devotion: Of the
Cst side of this mlxfd character '•Sara
tTO!^^Al" elves a liri'.liant picture. (Little,
liroun Ac Co., Boston; Jl oo.)
• • •
'1 ■";<• Rev. James Fell was fr..m l 6^ to
15: :n charge: of the Seamen's Institute
■ta San Francis jr>— an «*stal;i:slim«nt sup
j>or;r.i in pan by a British sodetj'J where
■castcn ar.- prtf\idt'l with a comfortab'.e
clul.. free from the allurement* to \i<\-« or
t.'.<" 'i^i.^cr"* of mistreatment which attend
xr.. s| placet! of aniusvmeat o;wn to
lUUcious servlcei arc also maintained
tfc< re for il:<; b< :.«.::•> <jf s« amen, and sucJi
friendly attention and h«lp sivon sailors
la port h<re as the workers at u'le ir.st!
tuto lITj- i! in i!:c'.r power to render.
C\ider.tly :: ;^jii:.-tiiJcir.»-' aid devoted.
arJ at :be same ilinc a v<ry clear-beaded;
Unprejudiced ma:j. fry*« from Puritanism
anci ani!i<-;al stan^anls of morality. Mr.
TVH has collected in a Loo!; entitle** "Britl
lsli Mcrch&nt Seamen In ;an Fratici.sco" a
valuable collection «>r fa,«. s witti rt-Kard
to the treatment of runrim-* in this jmrt.
Jl<* makes vcr>' rlear the Injustice of a
nj>t^n: w;;j.-;: <x ;)...<,•> 'h<- sailer unpro
tecteil :<j th«« ra; -urity of the chip's tailor
and ti:« r.'»:.r.i:i.»,--h«>u^<- ko< p«r. explains
th« mystery °* "crimpinc" and «jf "run-
Xiir.r men out of ships.*' and RURRests a
number of modifications in detail
cf the f'tdiii.-. r..- «-t^ntrH«-t betw<*«-n seamen
ai]<i tt'fir cm:)lo\orM. which modifications
}ie b'-»le\-«'s N will a»»ur«- Kreaicr justlte to
•Ji aiiUF-d «!ass of men. often very Igno
rant and easily imposed upon; but gt-n
♦rally faithful and patient^ Sn deed if not
. f
Mr. Fell's book rizV." it the mo;«.- con
.^-incitiK. s!ls work lia« a value far out-
Bid' ot Its particular field as a record of
m. widely extended system.
In Mr. Feirs book of the hard
ships of a nritSrh milor are made clear.
TThat murt be th»- <-ondhiun of the Amerll
can deep^Ma mariner wljon so many men
■wlio know bfith Kn^lish and American
uhlj's bave been heard to declare that
they would never fhip in an American
Vessel? <IMward Arnold. 27 Drdford
•treit. Strand. London^ \V. C; 3s «d.i
• • •
To lay down Mr. I e!I"s book and to
take up Ilolton Hall> "Thing* as They
Are" is like pas«!i:R from the tields where
the a!r i* nweet and !.<-«)thful into a fur
r.ace-heated wn. crowded and dose and
loud with contention. Mr. Fell la satis
fled to make things a little better In som«i
reEpecis tor a few poor men in tho corner
of tho world where he happens to be.
2^r Ball** book is a declamation against
the Idea that anything can ba made bet
ter until everything I* made better. lUs
little everything S« the destruction of pri
vate ownership of land. Once that Is ac
complished the real regeneration of man
kind can be b< f -:; It la not a material
condition toward which Mr. Hall look*
&s the end of all reforms and all human
• rffirts. It la a spiritual regeneration,
when all rhall lore each' other and be
happy, when competition shall be at an
end because- selfish .unbltlona axe at an end.
vj.rj) heaven shall be upon earth because
all xnacidoA aball hajf Tff^H A Jlfei
THE BOOKS
OF THE WEEK
feet Indifference to what they do. what
'hey suffer or what they have. And the
Ural stop Is the destruction of land mo
nopoly.
These lofty conceptions of universal
love ar« sustained by a collection of fa
blt-s which seem de?lj?n«"d to Inculcate ha
tred and ••■ for pco;<i«? who have
anyihlnic- -especially capitalists. It Is
strcnKe that the pospe! of universal be
nevolence should have r<i much in it that
looks like hysterical cursing. Of <me
thine we may be sure: if the conditions
Long Is the day — the time, it seems to me,
Never before passed by so wearily,
hough the sun is shining and the sky .
Stretches above in true sublimity,
While from the breeze=tossed cedar trees
1 hear the autumn birds* low psalmodies.
November! can it be, is summer dead?
And are its roses a\\ awithered?
I knew the flowers not, for sorrow bound
r\e In its cruel toils, and naught ! found
Within the precincts of my exile drear
But martyr's loneliness and martyr's tear.
REVIEWED BT PROF H B LATHROP
__ STANFORD UNIVERSITY
of life In this world are to be bettered,
they will be bettered by action based on
exact, unprejudiced, cool investigation,
and not upon vague, overheated rheto
ric 'Small. Maynard & Co.. Boston;
$1 25.)
• • •
R. L. Paß*t has Just edited a book
awkwardly entitled "The- Poetry of Amer
ican Wit and Humor." by which Is meant
"Witty and Humorous American Poetry."
As would be expected, the book contain?
well-known poems by Bret Harte ard
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Holmes and Lowell and C. G. Inland ana
J. W. Rlley and Paul Dunbar. Soim;
names, like those of Emerson and Sill,
surprise us by their presence Mr Page*
has fortunately been liberal In his Inter
pretation of the v.-.iril humor as applied
to poetry; and by Introducing: poems
which are gently playful, or wh.ch say
serious things wittily, has avoided the
tedlousness and monotony which usually
characterize collections of humorous
poems. Many of his selections, Indeed.
are broadly cr.mic. as they ought to be;
My Talisman.
tPoem by
jfda jC. Jfcalsteadt
bvit many aro «<atlric an>l some are njfht
ly amusiiij Th« author complaint* that
■one publisher* have b^en "conserva-
tive" In permitting th -; use of poems of
which they h«.l<i in.- copyriKht. so that
irerjr little of the work of Saxe. Field or
Hunner I* Jnrhnlf-ii In the . ..llectlon. Me
finds consolat Ir reflecting that if he
oannn: make I. - compiUUlon representa
tive he o;m m;i. Ufi by printing lens fa
miliar poem, than the '>ne-» exrluried. The
eoMolatlen is a very reasonable <^ne and
most readerv would prefer nerhaps an
Against my window lattice 1 behold
A star=shaped blcs^cm with a heart of gold.
Softly it glows upon its clambering vine,
Arid in my loneliness 3 call it "mine,"
For, oh, it seems a hopeful prophecy —
That sol tary passion =f lower to me !
The autumn day 5s done, the sky is kissed
With sunset dyes of rose and amethyst ;
Stall from their cloisters in the cedar trees
Float to my ears the birds' low psalmodies.
And I am trusting, as in the sweet hour
I .year my talisman, the passion-flower.
eren larger proportion of unfamiliar
poem*. (L. C. Pace * Co.. Boston. II W .)
Lewis C. Btranr> "Famous Actresses of
the Day In America" is accurately de
scribed by Its title. It contains accounts
of thirty-one weh nown actresses now on
the boards, giving a brief biography of
each one. including her stage experience,
with a critical description of the art of
each. The book contain* many portraits.
Mr. Btrang shows a commendable effort to
be accurate In regard to facts, and Is tem
perate and fair In his critical Judgments.
Without being distinguished by originality
of thought or power •' expression, this
book is likely to be useful to the lover of
the stage from the convenient form In
which it brings together a good deal of
useful informat' •■ about the actresses of
the day. (L. C Page & Co.. Boston.)
Morrison I. Swift's "Imperialism and
Liberty" is a bitter attack from every
possible direction upon the policy of ex
tending the dominion of the United States
to the Philippines. He assaults the Idea
of imperialism us in Itself degrading: he
maintains that the declaration of Ameri
can sovereignty over the inlands was a
treacherous breach of faith: he proclaims
the danger to freedom and manhood in
volved In military methods: he insists
upon the dc— orallzation and expense of
war: he declares that the only origin of
th» present war is the greed of capitalists.
He attacks the press for using expansion
as a newspaper scoop: he blames the gen
erals for sacrificing the highest interests
of their country to personal ambition; he
condemns the War Department as a seat
of corruption and a magazine of lies, and
he assails the President as the hypocriti
cal tool, agent, defender, abettor, cause
and promoter of the fraud, tyranny,
slaughter, anarchy and corruption which
he asserts to have been connected with or
| created by the Philippine policy of the ad
ministration. There la of course much dif
ference of opinion a to the Justice of th«
views* held by Mr. Swiff. The author of
this review unhesitatingly proclaims him
self that derided and obsolete being, an
anti-expansionist. But he cannot let pass
without a word of indignant condemna
tion Mr. Swift's outrageous violence.
"Roaring Cornanche." "strident nias
j phemy.." "half-monkey." are mild words
In Mr. Swift's vocabulary. This vitupera
tion converts no one who does not already
believe, and i may drive even him away
in disgust. Still less excusable Is th«
1 wholesale condemnation of men who ara
j opposed to Mr. Swift's views or who nave
j been Important a. tors in the war. Many
[ honorable and intelligent men do not
agree with Mr. Swift Many h.?h-mln<i-<l
men have done their part in the rough
work of war. Why speak disrespectfully
lof General Anderson? What justification
jls there for call) Dr. Schurman "his
: maker's pothuuste cymbals and advo
! cate f ? How could Mr. Swift raslly make
■ himself and his case more ridiculous than
j by belittling Admiral Dewey. who has ex
hibited a true greatness and dignity • nat
! no fulsome adulation can infect or cor
j rode, no abuse even touch with a stamT
It It a cause for grief to those of Mr.
I Swift's own way of thinking that he
; should bo degrade their cause. (The Ron
broke Press. Los Angeles. SI 50.J
• • •
Henry Scott Clark's novel. "The L*glon-
I aries," has reached a second edition.
■ Melodramatic and unequal though It la.
j it is a book which contains spirited pas
i sages. As in many war novels of the
I second class, the author has tried to
strengthen the legitimate Interest of th«
j book by secret passages, spies and mar
j velous sword play. (The Bowen-MarrlU
Company, Indianapolis.)
BooKs Received
"Bohemian Paris of To-day," by W. O.
: Morrow and Edouard Cucuel. J. B. Lip
plncott Company. Philadelphia.
"The Poor Plutocrats," by Maurus Jo-
Ir&i, translated by R. Nlnb«t Bain. The
Doubleday & McClure Company, New
York. SI 25.
"Knight Conrad of Rbetnstein." by
Jullu% Ludovlct. Rand. McNaily * Co..
Chicago, tl 80.
"A Revolutionary Maid," by Amy K.
Blanchard. W. A. Wilde Company. Bos'
ton. SI 60.
"The Golden Talisman." by H. Ph«lp«
Whit marsh. W. A. Wilde Company, Bos-
I ton. SI SO.
"Our Foe* at Home." by H. H. Leak.
Doubleday ft McClure Company, New
York. SI.
"The Human Interest." by Violet Hunt.
H. 8. Stone & Co.. Chicago. SI CO.
"To London Town. by Arthur Mor
rison. H. S. Stone St Co.. Chicago. SI 60.
"The Shadow of Quong Lung." by Dr.
C. W. Doyle. J. B. Lipplncott Company,
Philadelphia.
"Behind the Veil," anonymous. Little.
Brown & Co.. Boston. 76 cents.
"The Perils of Josephine." by L K.
Hamilton. H. 8. Stone & Co.. Chicago.
, SI 60.
"Plays and Poems," by Don Mark Lem
on. Louis Roesch Company, printers. San
Francisco.
"How England Saved Europe." by W
H. Fltchett. C Scrlbner's Sons. New
York. S2.
"Barbara's Heritage." by Derlsthe L.
Hoyt. W. A. Wilde Company, Boston.
SI 50.
"The Queen's Rangers'." by Charles L.
Norton. W. A. Wilde Company, Boston.
SI 60.
"The Scarlet Woman." by Joseph Hock
1 ing. George Routledge & Sons, New
York.
"Outlines of Civics-." by Frederick H.
Clark. The MacmlUan Company, New
York. 75 cents.
"Stars of the Optra." by Mabel Wag
nails. Funk a. Wagnwlls Company. New
York. SI 50.
"A Widower and Some Spinsters." by
Maria Louise Pool. i(. S. Stune &. Co.,
Chicago.
"Was It Richt to Forgive?" by Amelia
E. Ba«r. H. B. Stone tt Co.. Chicago.
"Judge Elhri<lge." by Ople Read. R.in<i.
McNally & Co.. Chit-ago. SI.
"The New Pacific." by 11. H. Bancroft.
The Bascroft Company. Sun Francisco.
j: 50.
"Wheat and Huckleberries." by Char
lotte M Vale. W. A WlMe Company.
Boston. SI 50.
"Active Service." by Stephen Crane.
Frederick A. Stokes Company, $1 3.
"Via Crucls." by F. Martin Crawford.
Th* Mat-mlllan Company. New York. SI 50.
"The Cipher In Iho Plays and on the
Tombstone." by Ignatius Donnelly. The
Verulam Publishing Company. Minneap
oils.
"With Perry on Lake Erie." by James
Otis. "W. A. Wilde Company. Boston. SI 50.
"A Year's Prayer-Meeting Talks." by
L. A. Banks. Funk & Wagnalls Com
pany. New York. SI.
"An Eclipse 'of Memory." by Mortimer
Grlnnell. M. D. Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany, New York. 50 cents.
"Romance of Graylock Manor." by
Louise F. P. Hamilton. Rand. McNally
it Co.. Chicago.
QUEER CASES or VESSELS
THAT VANISH.
It seems passing strange considering
the enormous amount of ocean traffic
carried on nowadays that it should be
possible for .1 vessel to put out to sea In
fit condition only to vanish (rom the face
of th. waters and leave DO Indication of
Its fate. True, there arc hundreds of un
tdctitlned derelicts floating about the ttea*.
and some "I them may he the vessels
which have so mysteriously vanished.
It Is appalling to think of such rnys
terles as the fates of th« % >« vessels, which,
setting ball with hundreds of ii.t:>*rngtT»
to whom the voyage perhaps promises
happiness, wealth and all the Joys of life,
never reach their destination and are
never again heard of.
Take the case of the Burvle Castle as
a striking example She vanished, not
In midocean. hut between thy- i»orts of
London and Plymouth. Into the tatter
port she put «m her way to Australia.
But she never reached Plymouth^ and not
a living soul knows how or where she
vanished, it Is most extraordinary that
Hhe should have been lost mj near to land
without ■-" much us a spur being washed
ashore to tell .of her fearful fate.
Equally mysterious Is the case of the
, AtHlanta This famous training vessel
was stationed off Bermuda with nv>r*e than
iZM souls board. Kan Tii Vtiti »ne act
i fail for a short cruise and from that day
| to this she has riewr been heard of.
A vfyy considerable percentage «>f the
, vessels .which disappeared forever in this
! mysterious manner were running n.-; •.•.••••. i
I Kngland and America at the time. It
' mlgni imj thought that the terrific seas of
| the vast Atlantic were responsible, but it
I has been proved thai many vessels were
I lost when the ocean was almost at dead
{ calm.
A largo sailing ship left New Orleanj
some years as>» for London. Thrive sho
was spoKen «iiiil reiiorted nil well, ami
, ah.: was facing exquisite weather and a
' •moot st. i at the third lime. \ •■: it
Is known she was lost wllti all han.!s
within twenty-four hours, and to this iiuy
no trace of her has been discovered.
In the early part of l- •_ a nvo-must
bark, the Maria, a newly constructed
vessel, and at that time tite third larg
est lii the mercantile Marine., sot sail In
beautiful weither from one of the big
gest ports In Cochin China for Hamburg,
with every promise, of a fair voyage.
But she never reached Germany, ijh*
vanished shortly alter being •■•puken off
the west coast of Africa, and nothing has
been found slne« to indicate the fate that
, befell her. .\.
Another vessel running belm-cn Kng
land and America which met an end of a
km. 1 none but thOM who shared it ever
knew was the first-class steamship l'resi
1 dent. She mailed from New York for a
Journey to Liverpool In the spring of ISU^
having on board a full crew of experi
• enced hands and ottlcers and a distin
guished company of passengers.
She left Now York In tine weather In
splendid condition and with no reason
for fearing anything she was likely to
meet. But she was n«*v»T spoken and
never heard of again, and although flfty
seven years have passed.no or ■ yet knows
, to what dire calamity, her end was due.S&WfcHftiV«>
31
_ j
T
II
j;
8
V
N
I'
A
V
C
A
L
3,
F^&TOSy
Sunday Call's Calendar
OF California Adresses.
~<TO^§^S^
WtW^tfeiJS^
to^ctestos
\v.v»gre
SKXVRSWS"32
THE WHDIT OA£la.