VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 73.
WRECKS ON
THE COAST OF
AUSTRALIA
Loss of Three Vessels and
the Death of Many Sea
men Reported.
DISASTERS "DURING GALES
— — • —
Evidence That Some of the Unfor
tunate Sailors Were Eaten
by Sharks.
— # —
Sreclal Dispatch t,. Th-» Ca.i.
VANCOUVER; B. >'.. Aug. 11.
—It is probable that the majority
of the sailorson board the Cai lisle
Castle were eaten by sharks as
they vainly tried to swim shore
from their wreck, just outside of
Perth, in West Australia. Safety
Bay is a noted remit for sharks
from the fishing grounds, and as
it had been exceedingly rough
for several days before the
wreck the sharks evidenced
many ravenous propensities to
the people ho tried to rescue
some of the sailors by going out
in boats. Some human bones
were found in shallow water,
one being a collar-bone, with
some shreds of flesh hanging to
it. Other pieces of two bodies
were washed up to show the
terrible carnage that had taken
place after the men of the Car
lisle Castle had been washed
overboard.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. 11.—De
tails of the loss of three vessels
in Australian waters are brought
by the steamer Miowera.
The bark Carlisle Castle, 1344
tons, bound from Liverpool to Free
mantle, was totally wrecked off Rock
ingham. The vessel went ashore during
a heavy gale on Safety Bay. All on
board were drowned, including Captain
Lindsay, Chief Ofiicer Houston, Sail
maker A. Guzcn. Apprentice John Tobb,
A. B. Jexley, Robert Wilson, Oscar j
Anderson. Thomas McLean, Thomas
MeMfibon C. F. Stocks and Robert j
Jenkins. Her cargo was valued at j
£25.800. j
The ship City of York, in command of i
Captain P. H. Jones, 1167 tons register, j
laden with a general cargo, Including ,
744.000 feet of redwood lumber from San I
Francisco, consigned to the West Aus- j
tralian Shipping Association at Free
mantle; went ashore at Ro.ttnest Island j
July 12. Eleven were drowned. Fol- |
lowing is a list of the saved and lost
members of the •■■'.:
Saved William Pope, first mate;
Alexander Anderson, carpenter; Alex
ander Burke, cook, F. Burke, N. Tarn
user, T. Kane, S. R. Parry, C. Weiss, M.
Murphy, able seamen; C. Lee, R. Mc-
Leod, J. M. Krant, ordinary seamen;
Owen Hughes, boatswain; J. Scott, sail
maker; V. Tree, apprentice.
Lost— Walter Jones, master; D. T.
Bender, second mate; T. Pennington,
steward; J. Conway, J. W allis, W. P. |
Lanten, H. Bosn< J. Blackman, able
seamen: W. Stockwell, ordinary sea
man: A. Purdy and C. Hancock, ap
prentices.
The City of York was the first sailing
ship of the new system it was proposed
to adept between Amenu and Australia.
The steamers Excelsior and Edina
collided on Hobsons Bay, Melbourne.
The Excelsior was sunk in fifteen min
utes. None of her eighty passengers
were drowned, but seven « ere Injured.
The Excelsior was a steel screw
steamer of 340 tons. She was owned i
by [uddart, Parker & Co.
H. M. S. Goldfinch was nearly I
wrecked on the run between Auckland i
and Sydney. • The Goldfinch encoun
tered a hurricane and had an extremely
narrow escape.
At the opening of the New Zealand
Parliament the Governor's speech re
ferred to the continued prosperity of
the tony. An improvement of the col
ony's defenses was announced. A re
vision of the tariff was hinted at. and
several labor measures were announced.
The Government has decided to restrict
immigration. A meeting of the New-
Zealand unemployed has called upon
the Government to pass a number of
measures of relief. An increase of the
land tax and a reduction of customs du
ties <>n the necessaries of life are
proposed. The revenue of New-
South Wales for the year just closed
shows an increase of 272,092 compared
with last year. A surplus for the year
of £58,427 is shown". The railway rev
enue for the year exceeded that of last
year by £199,736,
Kalgoorlle has been excited over a
big robbery. The copper plates of the
ten-head battery at "Kalgoorlie Mint
mine were • stolen. They contained
$2,500. The immense quantities of gold
being turned out have attracted innu
merable thieves, while police protection
is slight. In one nigh! twelve miners'
camps were completely cleaned out.
General Dodds inaugurated at the
Military Club at Noumea, the 30th of
June, the first experiment made in wire,
less telegraphy in New Caledonia. The
result was considered bo satisfactory
that arrangements are being mad" for
connecting by means of wireless tele
graphy the lighthouse with the town
of Noumea and with various parts of
the island. J. Endicott of Auckland, N.
Z., claims to have invented an electric
cannon which is noise], and smoke
less. The weapon is five feel in circum
ference and will carry five miles. The
cost will be £10 per shot.
The Australasian colonies are follow
ing Transvaal matters with interest.
New South Wales and other, colonies
will offer England troops.
The San Francisco Call.
HUNDREDS WERE KILLED AND
THOUSANDS BECAME DESTITUTE
An Appeal to Americans to Aid the People Made
Homeless by the Hurricane.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1_», by James Gor- '
don Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Aug. ii.—
hundred persons are now
reported to have lost their J
lives at Ponce during the hurri- j
cane. Terrible distress prevails I
there.
At Guayma a number of
houses were pillaged, squads of
soldiers being unable to maintain
order. Starvation threatens the
population.
The water supply of San Juan
has been stopped.
Coama Springs Hotel has been
wrecked. It belonged to the
Porto Rico Company of Philadel
phia.
Couriers from the interior of
the island bring awful news of the
havoc caused by the hurricane.
Many cities have been destroyed.
Thousands of persons are without
food or shelter.
Humacao, Pidras. Guayma,
[uncos, Arroyo and Coamo have i
been demolished. The Governor
asks relief for sufferers. Many
persons are missing. Communi- j
cation is difficult, owing to the.
destruction of bridges. ....
PONCE, Aug. 11.— Two '', hundred
bodies of victims of Tuesday's hurri
cane have already been recovered, and
i! is believed that the death roll will,
reach, if it does not exceed, three nun-,
dred. Most of the knoyvn dead are per
sons of the poorer classes, 'and many
children are among them.
The storm which was the severest
ever experienced here, descended upon
the city from the northeast at 9 o'clock
Tuesday morning and lasted two hours.
, All the buildings were damaged and
hundreds were totally destroyed. Fif
teen vessels in the harbor were driven
I ashore. The city was flooded by mid
night, and soldiers and firemen worked
heroically all night, saving the terrified
populace from the rising waters. The
commissary stores at Pelaya were de
stroyed.
The city is short of food and army
officers are distributing rations. Out
side of this bananas are the only ob
tainable food. Supplies of drinking
water, gas and electric light have bo- n
cut off by the storm. The sanitary con
dition of the town is serious, and fully
$5000 will be needed to clean the streets.
The weather bureau predicted the
storm, but it is asserted that Ponce was
not warned. A mob of one thousand
persons threatened the Alcalde, Por
rata Dorra, but they were dispersed by
the Fifth Cavalry. The Alcalde has
been deposed on account of negligence.
Major Myers of the Eleventh is act
ing as Alcalde, In response to popular
demand.
All the crops in the neighborhood are
ruined. As the telegraph wires are
down, little news is obtainable from the
interior. Several towns are reported de
molished. Albonita, with the military
barracks, has been destroyed, but no
lives lost there.
Juan Diaz has been devastated. For
ty-six lives were lost there.
Arroyo, Guayama, Salinas and San
Isabel are reported to have been totally
destroyed. The railroad between' Ponce
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1899.
PONCE, PORTO RICO, SWEPT BY A HURRICANE.
and Yauco has been destroyed, and the J
military road is impassable. The river
is flowing over the road for two miles.
Magayuez escaped serious injury. (
NASSAU, Bahamas, New Providence,
Aug. 11. — The barometer continues . to ,
'a!. here. The wind holds to the north- .
« est, and heavy squalls are Increasing
in force. Severe weather is expected
to-night.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— Professor
Harriott, chief of the forecast division
of the weather bureau, said to-night:
"From the latest report received from
Nassau at 5:40 this evening, my judg
ment would be that the storm was then
central."
He said the hurricane had traveled
about 1200 miles in four days, or about
1.00 miles a day. Hurricane signals have |
been displayed on the Florida coast
from Tampa to Jupiter Inlet, and warn
ing signals from Jupiter Inlet to Cape
Hatteras. All shipping has been ad
vised to remain in port.
WIND AND RAIN STORM
STRIKES SANTIAGO
Special Cable to The Call and the x..-.v York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SANTIAGO, Aug. 11.— A severe wind
and rain storm, the heaviest known in
fifteen years, struck this city yester
day. The rain was accompanied by j
vivid lightning and deluged the town |
for twenty-four hours without cessa
tion. Some damage was done in the
lower part of the city, several streets
being -washed out and houses under- i
mined. The soldiers in various camps ;
suffered some discomfort. About half j
of the tents were blown down.
FEARFUL HAVOC
WROUGHT BY HURRICANE
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11— A report
has been received at the War Depart
ment from an officer at San Juan. Porto
Rico, estimating that the number of
killed amounts to 500. The same officer
says that a very serious condition of af
fairs exists in Ponce.
The War Department received a
cablegram from General Davis giving
fuller details of the damage done in
Porto Rico by the hurricane-
General Davis says a famine is im
pending, and asks authority to issue
rations to the destitute. The message
is dated yesterday and says:
"Later reports show that the hurri
cane was far more severe in the inte
rior and southern part of the island
than here. Data for an estimate of the
number of Porto Ricans who have lost
everything are deficient, but I am forced
to believe that the number on the island
cannot fall below 100,000 souls, and a
famine is impending. I ask that 2,500,
--000 pounds of rice and beans, equal
quantities of each, be immediately
shipped on transports to Ponce; some
here. Urgent appeals are made to all
post commanders for food for the desti
tute. I am authorized to relieve dis
tress by food issued; rice and beans
only desired. There have been many
deaths of natives by falling walls. So
far only one soldier reported danger
ously, injured. Several towns reported
entirely demolished, as yet, however,
reports from only seaports. Complete
destruction of all barracks at two
towns, and two others one com
pany of each— had barracks de
stroyed. Troops are in canvas. No re
ports yet from the largest ports— Ponce
and Mayaguez, but they were in the
vortex of the storm. At least half of
the people in Porto Rico subsist entirely
on fruit and vegetables, and the storm
has entirely destroyed this source of
support. . DAVIS." *
The War Department has taken
prompt action on General Davis' report.
The army transport McPherson has
been ordered to sail from New York to
San Juan and Ponce next Monday with
supplies to relieve the destitute In Porto
Rico. Acting Commissary General Wes
ton has ordered the purchase in New
York of 600,000 pounds of rice and 600,
ROOT'S APPEAL IN BEHALF
OF DESTITUTE PORTO RICANS
© WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— -The. War Department to-day took prompt ©
I measures for the relief of the hurricane sufferers in Porto Rico. When I
© the press dispatches and General Davis' advices made known the extent ©
I of the disaster steps were immediately taken to send supplies, and the I
• transport McPherson was ordered put in readiness to sail from New York •
I on Monday next. She will carry rations and other necessities." 1
T Secretary of War Root this afternoon sent the following appeal to y
£ the Mayors of all cities of more than 150,000 population: X
I "Sir: The Governor General of Porto Rico confirms the report that y
9 upon the Sth inst. a hurricane swept over that island, entirely demolish- q
: ing many of the towns, destroying many lives and reducing as near as |
© he can estimate not less than 100.000 of the inhabitants to the condition ©
I of absolute destitution, without homes and food. I
© "Unless Immediate and effective relief is given to these unfortunates ©
Ji they will perish. Under these conditions the President deems that an ap- i
• peal should be made to the humanity of the American people. It is an ap- y
,» peal to their patriotism. also, for the inhabitants of Porto Rico have free- q
| ly and gladly submitted themselves to the guardianship of the United (
© States and have voluntarily surrendered the protection of Spain, to ©
I which they were formerly entitled, confidently relying upon more gener- |
• ous and beneficent treatment at our hands. The highest considerations of ©
' honor and good faith unite with the promptings of humanity to require 1
0 from the United States a generous response to the demand of Porto Rican y
a distress. ©
T "This department has directed the immediate distribution of rations (
© to the sufferers by the army in Porto Rico, so far as it is within the ©
T power of the executive, but in the absence of any appropriation we must I
© rely largely upon private contributions. ©
i "I beg that you will call upon the public-spirited and humane people I
*P of your city to take active and immediate measures in this exigency. The y
' Government transport McPherson will be sent directly from the port '
T of New York to Porto Rico on Monday, the 14th inst., to carry all sup- y
A plies of food which can be obtained. Further transports will be sent at a
i future dates, of which public notice will be given. j
© "Any committee charged with the raising of funds will receive full ©
I information and advice upon communicating with this department. Very I
© respectfully, ELIHU ROOT, Secretary of War." •
•*-*- ©- ©-©—©-© -©-©- ©-© — ©-©- ©- ©-(_-©-© -•-©- •-© -©
-000 pounds of beans, to be shipped on
the McPherson. Such other food sup
plies as may be obtained at the time the
McPherson sails will be sent on that
Ship. .*_ '- : ■■■'--
The following dispatch, addressed to
General Schwan, was received at the
War Department to-day:
"SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, Aug.
11.— My country, is . devastated. , For
God's sake help us.
"CAPTAIN LUGO VINA."
Lugo Vina is one of the Porto Ricans
whom General Schwan met during the
campaign. _____________________
LOUISVILLE SUSPECT
RESEMBLES DUNHAM
Carries a Scar Over the Right Ear
and Is of Similar
Features.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 11— local
police are beginning to figure on the $11,
--000 reward outstanding for the arrest of
James Dunham, the sextuple murderer
wanted in California. About a week ago
a suspect was arrested here and a pho
tograph was sent the California author
ities To-day the police received the fol
lowing telegram from Sheriff R. J. Lang
ford at San Jose, Cal.:
Your suspect has strong resemblance to Dun
ham Hold for further Investigation. Has be
scar i" the edge of hair over right ear?
The prisoner has the scar indicated.
When arrested he gave the name of E.
Z. Netherfleld and claimed to be from
SAN JOSE, Aug. There is some
doubt in the minds of the local officers
that F C Netterfleld. under arrest at
Louisville, Ky.. is James C. Dunham, the
murderer of the McGlincy family. Pho
tographs of the suspect were examined by
i a great many people to-day \\ bile some
who knew Dunham intimately are con
vince,! the right man has been arrested
the majority are in doubt. It is general
ly admitted there is a strong resemblance
to Dunham in the photographs.
A dispatch was received from the, Louis
ville authorities this forenoon- asking that
a warrant be sent immediately, and it is
supposed some difficulty is being'experi
enced in holding the man. . • . .
A local barber . who frequently shaved
Dunham notified the Sheriff's office that
the murderer had -a. scar back of the right
ear and telegraphic inquiry, developed, the
fact that Netterfleld has a similar scar.
When arrested Netterfleld said he came
from Warren, Ohio. To-day I. E. Brig
den called at the Sheriff's office and said
that many years ago he knew a person
named Netterfleld In Warren. The Louis
ville authorities were asked to consult
the authorities at Warren, but as yet no
answer has been received. Stronger proof
than that now in the hands of the Sher
iff must be forthcoming before any one
will be sent East to identify the suspect.
FEW MEN WILLING TO
ENLIST IN THE SOUTH
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 11.— The fact that
I Lieutenant Louis Chappelear of the Thir
; ty-fifth Volunteers, who has been recruit
ing for that regiment in Los Angeles, has
been ordered to Santa Ana to continue his
labors caused much comment in National
Guard circles. It is intimated that the
Government is in need of men to supply
this regiment and that the smaller towns
of Southern California will be scoured for
material. Recruiting for the regular ser
vice has not been popular in this portion
of the State, therefore it seems as if in
towns where companies of • the Seventh
Regiment remain no further attempts will
be made.
In commenting upon the present efforts
to subdue Agulnaldo's forces and the pos-
I sible number of men that may be required,
! former Senator Stephen M. White said to
a group of gentlemen that his views on
expansion and the so-called imperial pol
icy were well known, as he had made him
self clear in and out of Congress on the
question. Senator White favors, since the
i Government is in the conflict, the sending
lof a large' army to the Philippines. "If it
I takes 200,000 men they had better be sent,"
I Senator White is quoted as saying, "for
j then there will be no battle fought, as the
1 army will march through Luzon and take
It. Let all the m«n be sent that are need
ed so that an immense army can quickly
•do the business. Less bloodshed and mis
j cry will result."
SANTARIE CAPTURED
WITHOUT A BATTLE
MANILA, Aug. Advices from Colu
lut under date of August 11 report that
General Mac Arthur took the Ninth Regi
ment, a battalion of the Twenty-second
and a detachment of the First Artillery
from Calulut to Santarie, near Bacolor.
on Friday morning. The entrance of the
troops into the town was not opposed, the
insurgents fleeing as the Americans ap
pioached. The troops had a hard march
of ten miles, in some places being obliged
to wade waist deep In water. Many, men
were exhausted. The troops will spend
the night at Santa Rita and proceed Sat
urday- - ,
Lieutenant -Hazard of General Wheat
on's staff, with five scouts from the lowa
regiment, marched up the railroad . Into
Angeles. A small force of rebels attacked
the -scouts outside the town and Lieuten
ant Hazard sent for reinforcements. Gen
eral Wheaton's orders, however, were
that the Americans should not occupy An
geles, and a force of 800 or 700 rebels ap
peared when Lieutenant Hazard retired.
DAYTON SYSTEM TO BE TRIED.
Stockton Building Association Adopts
the Co-operative Plan.
STOCKTON. Aug. 11.— stockholders
of the San Joaquin Building and Loan
Association have voted to reorganize
under what is known as the Dayton sys
tem. The system is that of a savings
bank operated upon the co-operative plan.
Persons may take stock at any time with
out paying back dues. Interest is charged
to the person who gets a loan only from
the time the money is paid him. All divi
dends are credited on the books of the
members every six months. A borrower
may pay off his loan at any time. A
member may withdraw part of his de
posit without disturbing his shares. A j
person may pay up one or more shares j
of stock in full at one deposit. On paid
up stock the dividends are paid in cash i
semi-annually. No initiation fees are
charged. The association settles with I
each member every six months and cred
its his earnings, showing the full amount
he has on deposit. At the end of each
year the borrower's l©ok is balanced and
shows him the amount he has paid on his
loan for the preceding year and the bal
ance due.
The plan takes Its name from the well
known Ohio city, where, out of a popula
tion of 80.000, over 20,000 are members of
building associations. The system allows
large liberty to investors and borrowers
and without impairing*- sound financial
methods.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CANNIBALS
CHASE THE
FESTETICS
Narrow Escape of the Count
and Countess in the Sol
omon Islands.
WITNESS aIeARFUL FEAST
— •— —
Becoming Too Bold, the Adven
turous Voyagers Finally Flee,
Pursued by Savages.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
T TAN'CQUVER, B. C, Aug. 11.— Ac-
cording to late advices from
cording to late advices from Aus-
Xl tralia Count and Countess Ru
it dolph Festetics narrowly escaped
death at the hands of Solomon
Island cannibals a little over a month
ago. The Festeticses arrived at Sydney
on the yacht Tolna after a most re
markable experience, and ready to
give up all further attempts to explore
the wild islands of the South Seas.
The Count and Countess have been
aging for the last year south of
Honolulu, and their adventures in the
Solomons ended a very hard trip. A
few months ago a party of traders were
murdered on the coast of one of the fa
mous group of islands, but, not deterred
by this, the Count witnessed several
head-hunting expeditions.
"We landed on Wango Island the 3d of
July," he said, in telling the story of
the trip, "and immediately tried to
make friends with the natives. Wo
pulled our steam yacht up a small
creek, and we were right away sur
rounded by a crowd of curious natives.
They were not only curious but impu
dent, and they started to walk away
with nearly everything they could lay
their hands upon. We had not been on
the island two days when a small war
began. The tribes on opposite sides of
even these small islands always seemed
to be at war. They did not fight in
open battle, though the men are phy
sically well formed, but they would
pounce down on small camps of the na
tives, their enemies, kill as many as
they could and carry away the rest of
them for a future feast."
The Count followed one of these par
, ties on the fourth day after his arrival.
i The natives were armed with spears,
I and, stealthily creeping through the
I underbrush, they took their enemies en
tirely by surprise. They captured eight
1 of the men and two women, killing as
: many more in the attack. Then they
: brought them back to the native village
I amid a great rejoicing and beating of
| drums. The victims were tied securely,
I and early the next morning they were
; carried out to the chief's private yard
to be executed. They were ranged along
in a line and were decapitated one after
another, just to show that there was no
hurry about the proceeding. The chief
; in the meantime sat and looked on and
; had the gory heads of his victims
] brought and placed on the top of the
I stockade fence that surrounded his hut.
Count Festetics had no trouble in se
curing good photographs of this pro
ceeding, including the cannibal feast. In
which the bodies of the victims were
being dragged to the fire to be cooked.
"They had just completed the execu
tion and were preparing for the feast
when the tables were turned." continued
the Count, in his narrative. "The friends
of the captured men came down to
avenge their loss, and succeeded in
staying the execution of a couple. They
killed some of the men of the tribe I
was with, and the remainder fled. The
feast had been half prepared, and the
newly arrived enemies mingled dead foes
Yacht Tolna and Her Adventur
ous Owners.
and friends alike in the grand meal that
was to take place. We had retired to our
boat at the first of the trouble, and now
we got away from the scene of carnage.
Just as we" were leaving we were pur
6ud by a large body of natives in their
canoes, and had it not been for a fa
vorable sea and tide we might have
•2
MAIMED UNDER THE
WHEELS OF A TRAIN
Mrs. Arthur Brentner Killed and Her
Sister and Brother Injured at
Long Beach.
m LONG BEACH, Aug. 11.— Mrs. Arthur Brentner was killed this aft
*•' ernoon at San Pedro by a Southern Pacific train and her • sister and
% young brother, Miss Scribner and Willie Scribner, were seriously .injured.
* " The trio were driving across the railway track at Sixth street, when
v " a train backing down the track struck their carriage. Mrs. Brentner
£ was instantly killed. Besides sustaining internal injuries, Miss Scribner's
* right foot was cut off and her hip fractured. The boy was injured inter
ns, nally, but how serious it is not at present known.
<?' The responsibility for the accident will be fixed by the Coroner, who
T" will hold an inquest to-morrow. A brakeman, who claims to have stood
* in his customary position at the end of the last car of the train, says
T. that when he saw the buggy about to cross the track he yelled to the
* occupants at the top of his voice and made every effort to warn them of
% he impending danger; at the same time he attempted to set the air
<'- brake, but the latter failed to respond.
* Mrs. Brentner was 21 years of age and Miss Scribner 23. They were of
* the Scribner family which for about three years has been living on the
|.* pulveda ranch near San Pedro.
...
8..v.;_-... :v -.;i---. ._ 3>* :*. ;.._-.*'evv j*~*-s>#<. * J *■«.*;-.-.-■-:-. . tt 4 « i tt _>* . « 5 X • tt
been added as neutrals to the dinner of 1
boiled tribesmen." j
ADVENTURES OF THE
FESTETICS ON TOLNA
The yacht Tolna sailed from San Fran
cisco on October 9, 1893, and although she
and the Count and Countess Festetlcs
have been heard from frequently, but one
of them, the Countess, has been back in
San Francisco since. That was last year,
and on that occasion the Countess left the
Tolna and the Count in Yokohama while:
she made a run to New York to visit her
mother. Rumor had it at the time that
she had returned to secure a divorce from
Festetics, but all that was proved to be
idle gossip when the next Mail steamer
took her back to the Tolna and her hus
band. Since then th..* couple have been
sailing from island to island in the South
ern Seas, sometimes going over old ground
and again seeking new fields to explore,
• but always going where fancy led.
The Tolna was built at Benicia. She is
nearly 79 tons net burden, SS feet long, 24
feet 5 inches broad and 11 feet deep. She
was built for comfort, not for speed, and
her cabin was made as cozy as money and
good taste could make it. While the ves
sel was being constructed the Count was
taking lessons in navigation in a naval
school, and finally succeeded in passing as
a master mariner. Much to his dismay.
however, he found that i foreigner could
not command an American vessel. The
Countess came to the rescue. She took j
out a license as master and cleared the j
yacht. On the records of the Custom- ;
house to-day the Countess Festetics de !
Tolna appears as master of the yacht Tol
na; and will so remain until the vessel Is
sold; lost or a new skipper appointed.
About the time the Tolna was ready tor
sea the Count's purse gave out. and at
tachments were levied on the ship In doz
ens. All the bills were eventually paid
and the yacht sailed, with the former
society belle in command.
Th.* Hawaiian Islands were first visited.
and excursions were made to all the isl- j
ands of the group. When they tired of
the Paradise of the Pacific, Navigator
Countess Festetics turned the prow of the
Tolna toward the Southern Seas. Samoa,
Tonga Fiji, New Zealand and Australia
were visited in turn. Then, in September.
-..•.. i came the news from Tahiti that
Count Festetics was dead. II was said |
that he had passed away on Penrhyn Isl
and and that the schooner had been sold
to a trader and the Countess was on her
way home. The story was later proved to
be without foundation. The Count and |
Countess had visited the island on the j
Tolna, but were safe and well in Papeete |
■when the news as circulated.
From Tahiti the Count and Countess
went to Guam, then to the Philippines.
From Manila they went to Nagasaki, and
there the Countess left the yacht and go
ing to Yokohama took passage for San j
Francisco. After a stay of a month or so
with her mother in New York she re
joined her husband on the Tolna. and they
started once more for the Southern Seas.
Since their first cruise they had grown
more venturesome, and on leaving Japan
it was their avowed intention to seek ad
ventures among the cannibals of New
Guinea, the New Hebrides and the Solo
mon group._ __________-_-_-_.
MURDEROUS MANIAC
WITH A REVOLVER
Attempts Two Assassinations and
Then Ends His Own Life With
a Bullet.
CHARLOTTESBURG, Prussia, Aug.
11.— At the branch of the Credit" Bank
here to-day. Dr. Proen, a retired army
captain and former president of the
Hamburg Marine Office, after present
ing a check for payment, discharged a
revolver at a bank director and a clerk,
dangerously wounding both. He then
jumped into a train and alighted at the
Zoological Garden, where he fired at an
official who tried to bar his entrance.
He then pressed the muzzle of the re
volver against his own temple and
rapidly fired three shots, falling dead.
No motive is assigned for his conduct
and he is supposed to have been in
sane.
RAILROAD LANDS SOLD.
Creditors of Northern Pacific Will Re-
ceive a Dividend.
MILWAUKEE, Aug. 11.— Special Master
Cary announces that he has completed
the sale of the Northern . Pacific lands
east of the Missouri River and later on
will present his report to Judge Jenkins.
As a result the general creditors of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company will
-receive a dividend of about ___ per cent
on their claims, which amount to some
thing over $100,000,000. The master real
ized $1,503,050 from the sales of the lands,
and there is added to this about $1,000,000,
which the receivers have on hand from
the sales of lands. The largest creditor is
the Northern Pacific Railroad Company,
the present owner of the property, which
has a claim amounting to, with interest,
about $.-9,000,000.
•- ,
WELL GREET VOLUNTEERS.
Governor Thomas of Colorado En
Route to San Francisco.
DENVER, Aug. 11.— Governor Thomas
and party will start to-morrow morning
for San Francisco to meet the returning
Colorado Volunteers, who are expected
•to reach that city about August 17. The
party consists of Governor <'. S. Thomas.
wife and daughter; Colonel Fletcher and
wife. Adjutant General Overmeyer, Dr.
Clayton Parkhill, formerly surgeon of the
First Colorado Regiment; Major S. K.
Hooper and wife and Delavan W. Gee,
assistant secretary to the Governor. Ma
jor Hooper is the host of the party en
route.
m
TONS OF GOLD DUST.
Three Million Dollars to Be Shipped
From St. Michael.
SEATTLE. Aug. 11.— It is said there is
now at St. Michael, Alaska, about three
million dollars' worth of gold dust from
shipment to San Francisco and Seattle.
The Alaska Commercial Company will
ship about a million and a half to San
Francisco, and the remainder, principally
owned by the Canadian Bank of Com
merce will be brought to Seattle on the
next (rip of the steamer Roanoke, due
here about August 25. It is thought this
will include the big gold shipments for
this season.
Samoan Commissioners at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Aug. .11.— Bartiett Tripp and
Baron yon Sternberg of the Samoan Com
mission passed through Seattle to-day on
their way to Vancouver, B. C. They will
return East by way of the Banff hot
.prlngs.
McNAUGHTO N NOT
YET TRIUMPHANT
Alumni Will Appeal to ;
the Governor.
— •— —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE, Aug. 11.— The investigating '
committee of the Alumni Association of '.
the State Normal School does not propose i
to allow the charges made against Princi
pal James McNaughton to die with the ;
whitewashing received at the hands of
the board of trustees, but will appeal to j
Governor Gage. The committee, consist- :
ing of J. G. Jury, Eli Wright and F. E. j
•."aril, is preparing fts case to lay it before
the Governor. A strong appeal will be i
made 'to the executive to interfere ami
save the school from destruction. All the
evidence collected to prove the immoral
ity, incompetency and unfitness of the new
principal will be forwarded to Sacra- j
mi nto, as will a long petition signed by j
prominent citizens, showing that if Mc- j
Naughton Is allowed to rule over the
school that institution will be irreparably
injured, and many thousands of dollars
spent by outside pupils will be diverted
from the channels of trade of this city.
In its letter to the Governor the com
mittee will claim that the preponderance
of proof was on its side, and that Instead
of trying to disprove th. charges Mc- \
ghton simply introduced a number of I
letters to prove his good character. Most j
of these letters were from persons who
had me. McNaughton after the charges
were made against him at Council Bluffs,
it will be urged that certain trustees had j
made up their minds to exonerate Mc- i .
Naughton before the investigation began. !
and as evidence the committee cites the j
fad that while th. investigation was 'ii
progress; and before one side had been
beard; the trustees gave McNaughton _.ili
control of the school and vested power in l
him to assign and reassign the teachers.
Governor Gage will be asked to reopen I
the case fend hear the evidence in person. i
■The committee is being encouraged in
Its work by the best people in the city. I
There Is some talk of holding a citizens' '
mass-meeting, and it may yet materialize.
It is now claimed that the board of trus- :
tees was not unanimous in declaring Mc- |
Naughton not guilty, but that the ■ vote j
; stood three to three. Trustees Short' and j
'Pierce and State Superintendent Kirk, it'
is said, thought it would be to the best j
interests of the school to drop him. but j
Trustees Leavltt. Brown and Sweigert j
were obstinate and would not listen to
this. This report is borne out by the fact j
the resolutions adopted declaring Mc- |
Naughton not guilty were never signed, j
CHILD VICTIM OF
INDIAN WITCHCRAFT
Killed Because an Alaska Medicine
Man Declared It Contained
an Evil Spirit.
ASTORIA, Or., Aug. 11.—Notwith
standing the strenuous efforts put forth
by officials of Alaska to put a stop to
the barbarous practice of witchcraft
among the Indians and the recent se
vere punishment Inflicted on the In
dians for that crime, it continues to be
practiced. A case is reported from
KHllsno-o, wherein an Indian child was
made the victim of witchcraft supersti
tion, according to advices received to
day from Alaska.
An Indian woman was living in the
same house with the parents of the
child. For some months she had been
sick and at times suffering great agony.
She was waited upon by a shaman, or
Indian doctor, who went through vari
ous incantations, but failed to drive the
evil spirit out of the sick woman. Being
chagrined at his failure, and to main
tain his professional reputation, he told
the woman that stf was bewitched, and
before she could recover the witch had
to be removed. He told her that he
would that night commune with the
great spirit and ascertain who was lie
witching her. The next day he inform
ed her that it was the little child with
whose parents she was living, and for
her restoration to health the child must
be killed.
A few days later the child died so
suddenly that » its parents thought
something was wrong and reported the
matter to the authorities, who had the
body examined by a physician. He pro
nounced its death the result of poison
ing. The child's parents accused the
sick woman and the shaman of the
crime. She confessed, while the
shaman, before arrests could be
made, took the woman in a canoe
and disappeared. Warrants will be is
sued for their arrest, but as the sha
mans have great influence with the In
dians, and are looked upon with super
stitious awe, they will be kept out of
the way of the officers.
KAISER AT THE OPENING
OF DORTMUND-EMS CANAL
Regarded It as the Beginning of a
Great Undertaking Soon to Be
Accomplished.
BERLIN, Aug. Emperor William
to-day attended the opening •of the
Dortmund-Ems canal. Replying to an
address to the Burgomaster, his: Maj
esty said he regarded the canal as a
work to form part of the greater whole,
which he himself and the Government
had Inflexibly determined to further,
and he hoped the nation's representa
tives would -place him in a position to
do so before the end of the year.
The Emperor, in opening his speech,
explained that he had been prevented
from coming to Dortmund sooner by
his anxiety in regard to the accident
which recently happened to the Em
press. •/• ■;>''. .£>; .-
CHICKENS FOR HAWAII.
One Carload Shipped From Missouri
and More to Follow.
TRENTON, Mo.. Aug. .ll.— Two hundred
thousand live chickens will be shipped
from this county to the Hawaiian Islands
as fast as they can be bought up. The
first carload of 800 has been shipped, and
others will soon follow. The poultry
brings high prices in Honolulu.
THE SAN T-T.ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 12, 1893.
LANDIS DIED BY
HIS OWN HAND
Theory Arrived at by the
Officers.
— ♦
SPECTACULAR LEAVE-TAKING |
— *— -
SOUGHT TO MAKE IT APPEAR HE
WAS MURDERED.
♦
Finding of a Second Cartridge Indi
cates That His Revolver Sped the
Bullet Imbedded in
the Ceiling.
Special Dispatch to The Call. I
LINCOLN.Aug. 11. -The death of Frank ;
Landis transcends the ordinary and
, -iters the realm of the bizarre. That
the young man was murdered while at
tempting to guard his treasure seemed to
tit in comfortably with the circumstances
as they presented themselves. The over
turned lamp in the office, where stood the ,
safe containing the grocer's share of the |
cannery ' payday's benefits; the open back j
door, suggesting the mode of the rnur- .
derer's flight: the finding of Landis re
volver four feel from his body, with one
I of the five chambers empty, and the re
: covin of a bullet of corresponding caliber : i
in the ceiling overhead-all these circum
stances went to substantiate the quickly
accepted explanation that murder re
suited from a fierce struggle with some .
unknown robber. '■£-.*„ --
An autopsy was held on the body and :
the ball which had pierced the young i
man's heart was extracted from his
backbone. True, it was of the same
caliber as the ball imbedded in the ceil
ing but the incident only operated to i
strengthen the theory that murder had
defiled the peaceful little mountain town.
Of course it was a case of murder! How
could it have been otherwise, when only,
one Of five cartridges in Lambs' revolver
had been disturbed, while th. re were two I
bullets to be accounted for— the one In
the ceiling and the one removed from the
young grocer's backbone? ... .■ ',*•.:■ |
* That was a bold man who questioned i
such pointed evidences of an assassin's
work. But a man did question it, and he
has won converts to his idea. Now
Lincoln is on the verge of accept
ing the suicide theory. The Sheriff ;
and his officers are wedded to it, and it |
would appear that they have ground for
their expressed belief that Frank Landis
killed himself after having carefully
planned to make it appear that some
mvsterlous assassin committed the deed. |
With one bullet taken from the ceiling j
and the other removed from Landis' j
body, and with but one cartridge out of!
the" five exploded in the young man's
revolver, only one thing could give color |
to the suicide theory. - •*,'-"
That one theory has eventuated. An '
empty cartridge shell has been found'
among th. boxes in Landis' store, not far!
from where his body lay. The shell bears
unmistakable signs of having recently
been relieved of its leaden pellet. The !
empty shell fits exactly into Landis' re
volver. How came that empty shell
where Lt was found? Is it probable the
murderer, after having been shot at, and
after having killed the young grocer, ,
paused sufficiently long in his flight to
take out the empty shell and throw it
away? If such a thing is probable, what
motive could have prompted that unnec
essary act? Is it not more likely that,
having reached his store, the young
grocer fired one shot into the ceiling,
threw the empty cartridge away, put an
other in «its place and then turned the
pistol against his own heart?
The case mystifies. If Landis killed him
self, he did more. He fired a shot into
the ceiling; he substituted the exploded ,
i cartridge with a fresh one; he overturned
| the lamp in his office; he unbarred the
i rear door; he showed the ingenuity of a ;
j playwright in completing so far as lay
I in his power the effect he desired to pro- j
I duce. But he neglected to hide effectu
i ally the cartridge which he exploded
| harmlessly and which is to-day held up ■
' as proof of self-murder.
There are some other circumstances
which the people of Lincoln regard as
I strange. Landis was never known to i
j touch liquor up to the night of his death. •
I That night he drank three glasses of
whisky in Matzen's saloon. Landis was
always of quiet deportment, never in- j
! dulging in marked levity. That fatal
I night, a few minutes before his death,
he stopped at the door of the News-Mes
; senger office and gave such an exhibition !
of high spirits that Editor Johnston re- I
marked the incident afterward. Yet no
known reason exists for self-murder. Tho j
officers assert that they are possessed of I
I information tending to substantiate the i
suicide theory; but what that information i
1 is they have not yet divulged.
HANGED ON A COUNTY
GALLOWS BY A MOB
Two Negroes, Charged With Assault,
Summarily Dealt
With.
PORT GIBSON, Miss.. Aug. 11.— Bill
Wilson, colored, was lynched here to
day under peculiar circumstances. Last
Tuesday Wilson was arrested in the
Hermanville district on a charge of as
sault. This afternoon the jailer, upon
entering Wilson's cell, discovered the
prisoner hanging to the county gallows
with several bullet wounds in his neck
and shoulders. The Coroner's jury ren
dered a verdict of death by hanging
and shooting by unknown parties. The
execution took place so quietly that
none of the officials knew what was
going on.
CLEM, Ga., Aug. 11.— Will McClure.
a negro, was lynched this afternoon for
an attempted assault on Mrs. George
Moore, wife of a respectable farmer of
Carroll County. ' ' •
PEACE PROMISED
IN SAN DOMINGO
Minister Cordero Says the Uprising
Will Be at an End in
« Fifteen Days.
PUERTA PLATA, Aug. Gover
j nor Peppin has moved to Monte Christi
) with 1500 men, infantry and cavalry.
! The uprising in San Domingo, Minister
Cordero says, will be put down in fif
teen days. Senor Cordero and Senor
Alvarez, Minister of Finance, landed
here to-day from an armed steamer and
with their staffs departed immediately
for Santiago de Caballeros.
The Government announces that for
eign money will be allowed to enter and
j circulate freely without restriction
1 from -the Government and that the re
i tirement of bank notes will begin Au-
I gust 17. . ■ ' .
MR. LOUD IN LONDON.
California Congressman Studying !
, English Postofflce Methods.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— The Sun cable
I from London says: Congressman Eu-
I gene F. Loud of California and his
! daughter, accompanied by" United
! States Senator Carter of Montana, hare
! arrived .in London. Mr. Loud, armed
with a special permit from the Duke of
I Norfolk, -Postmaster General, spent the
afternoon inspecting and studying the
British postoftice methods, machinery,
I etc. It is his intention to carefully mi
i vestigate the British postal system,
! with a view to utilizing the knowledge
j thus obtained In his capacity as chair-
I man of the House Committee on Post
| offices and Post Roads. ,
Marin County Valuations.
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 11.— An estimate of
! the value of all real, and personal prop
i erty in Marin County has just been made
jby County Recorder Eugene Connell. It
shows the taxable values to aggregate
$11,409,054. It is divided as follows: San
I Rafael, $2,501,510; Sausalito. $827,370; Bel
vedere, $277,380; country districts, $7,442,294.
SHERMAN'S COURSE FROM YOKOHAMA TO SAN FRANCISCO.
IN making San Francisco from Yokohama the United States transport Sherman, with the California boys aboard,
will probably cover 4650 knots. Each day she will cover from 290 to 300 knots, and if she does the soldiers
should be off the Farallones the afternoon of the 24th or early on the 25th.
The probable position of the Sherman each day at noon will be calculated for The Call by Lieutenant J. T.
McMillan, United States nautical expert in the Branch Hydrographic office. During the war with Spain he
went to Manila as navigating officer of the Nero when that vessel towed the Monterey over to join Dewey's fleet.
At noon yesterday (San Francisco time) Mr. McMillan calculates that the Sherman had covered 785 knots
and was about in latitude 37 degrees 50 minutes north, longitude 154 degrees 40 minutes east. She was therefore
3878 knots from this port.
On her last run from Nagasaki to San Francisco the Sherman took a little over eighteen days to cover the
distance This gave her an average of a little over 290 knots a day. Captain. Barneson of the transport service
thinks she will do a little better than that on this occasion, so that it is safe to figure on a run of sixteen days or
a little over from Yokohama.
HAS A MONOPOLY
ON SMALL BOATS
Captain McNeill's Coup
at Belvedere.
■ 9■;
Special Dispatch to The Call. ' .
BELVEDERE. Aug. 11.— A clash has
arisen between the executltve committee
having in charge the arrangements for
the "Night in Venice." to be held in the
cove on the night of September 2, on the
one hand-, and Captain Charles McNeill
on the other, which threatens seriously to
mar a salient feature of the celebration.
The knowledge of a wrangle will come as
a damper upon the enthusiasm of those
who have -contributed time and money to
further the project. * .>....... /
Former committees haying these car
nivals in charge have always contracted
with the boatmen of Sausalito, Tlburon,
El Campo and Belvedere for the use of
their boats, which have been hired out
to parties desiring to witness the pyro
technic display from advantageous posi
tions, and the revenue so derived has
helped in a great measure to meet ex
penses. McNeill was recently asked what
he would charge for the use of his gaso
line launch, the Norwood, on the night
of September 2, and set the figure at $2,*).
This was deemed too high, and he finally
agreed to let the committee use the
launch for three days prior to the carni
val for that figure, to be used in placing
yacht*, across th mouth of the cove.
This proposition also being rejected, Mc-
Neill made contracts with the boatmen
.if all four places for the use of their
boats during the carnival night. When
the committee tried to procure the boats
it was dumfounded to learn that it had
been outwitted by the shrewd skipper.
A meeting of the committee is to be
held when a discussion will take place
as to whether It will be better to try to
mollify McNeill or to bring boats' from
San Francisco. Neither horn of the
dilemma affords an inviting grasp, as the
expense of engaging boats and bringing
them here would amount to almost as
much as the revenue derived from their
use without any opposition, while Mc-
Neill's boats would cut largely into the
income. ■ ?'■_".
TAKES POISON TO
END HER TROUBLES
Mrs. Charles Cognasse of San Fran-
Cisco Dies a Swicide at
Crescent City.
CRESCENT CITY, Aug. Mrs.
Charles Cognasse, a resident of San Fran
cisco, swallowed carbolic acid yesterday
and died in great agony. For the past
three weeks she had been visiting a sis
ter in this place, the wife of City Marshal
David Gordon. Mrs. Gordon said her sis
ter called to her in a distressed voice, and
when she entered the room Mrs. Cog
nasse held up a beer mug and said: "Take
this glass and wash it and put away the
carbolic acid before some one else uses
it." . .
Mrs. Cognasse is said to have received
letters the evening before her tragic
death which seemed to give her great dis
tress of mind. The dead woman's little
son, 7 or 8 veins of age, saw his mother
take the fatal draught. He was an only
child. f* _
Mrs. Cognasse's husband is said to have
been at one time ' employed in Smiths'
cash store and is reported as having for
merly been with the Union Iron Works.
He is the reputed inventor of a life
saving streetcar attachment.
PLEASURE AND WORK.
Programme for the Young Men's In
stitute Grand "Council.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 11.— The committee
of arrangements has completed the pro
gramme for the Grand Council of the
Young Men's Institute. It is as follows:
Sunday. August 20— Delegates will be met on
all incoming trains and escorted to headquar
ters, where they may register. : >-•
Monday— Delegates will assemble at Young
Men's Institute Hall at 9 o'clock, and, escorted
by Hastings' band, will march in a body to
Holy Cross Church, where pontifical high mass
will be celebrated by Bis..op Montgomery. In
the afternoon the fifteenth Grand Council will
convene for business at Native Sons Hall. In
the evening a reception will be tendered the
grand officers and delegates at the Pacific
Ocean House by Council No. 12, Young Ladles
Institute. , , _
Tuesday— Council session morning and
afternoon. In the evening a promenade con
cert by Hastings' band at Hotel St. George.
Wednesday— Grand Council session morning
and afternoon. In the evening a reception will
be tendered the grand officers and delegates
at Hotel del Mar by the Catholic Ladles Aid
Society. '■- ■'■ ■•'" . i . .
Thursday— Grand Council session morning and
afternoon." In the evening ban-vet tendered to
the grand officers and delegates at Hotel St.
George
Friday— Afternoon at Dolphin Park, baseball
between San Jose and ; Santa Cruz tennis,
levelling, ball at . the .armory.
Saturday— Afternoon, trip to Capitola. a din
ner at the bote! and a dance at Capitola Hall.
FIXING THE BOUNDARY.
Surveyors on the British Columbia-
Northwest Territory Line.
SEATTLE, Aug. Advices from Skag- |
uay. Alaska, say: A Canadian party of
surveyors is at Bennett to locate the
boundary line between British Columbia
and the Northwest Territory west of the
Hootalin<iua River. ' The party consists. of
ten men, who will commence operations
on the Taku arm of Tagish. The actual
location of the line will be of- great ben
efit to the miners of the district, as there
after no question will arise as to the size |
of the placer and quartz claims nor the ;
place of recording them.' ■ - , '
S. St. Cvr, representing the Dominion
Government, is at the head of the party.
Governor Brady has started for the inte
rior and is -now well on his way down the
Yukon. He will go to Dawson and into |
the American camps on the. lower Yukon. |
He will go to St. Michael and then make |
his wav around the coast to Sitka, taking
in the coast ports on his way. It is the
Governor's intention to visit all the mm- >
ing camps and points of Importance.
„ — -• •-■. •
Have Left Callao.
LIMA, Aug. ll.—The Newark, which ar
rived at Callao on July 25 on her way to
San Francisco to receive Admiral Kautz,
and the Marblehead, which arrived I at
Callao on August 5, on her way to Mare
Island, left on Wednesday night.
McDONALD NOT
YET A POOR MAN
Such Is the Belief of His
Wife. ;
— —
Specftd Dispatch to -The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Aug. 11. - Mrs.
Alexander McDonald, the wife of the
"King of the Klondike," is in Vancouver;
therefore she is not in Dawson, nor has
she ever been, contrary to the press ad
vices of to-day. She is here waiting for
the return of her husband, whom she ex
pects to come out by the Ist of next
month. She has no news at all of his
financial embarrassments, and places little
credence in the reports on which yester
day's dispatch was founded. The dispatch
states, in the first place, that McDonald
has been in the Klondike twenty years,
while, as a matter of fact, he has not been
there half that time. t^_«_i.-
In recent letters to his wife McDonald
made no statements as to the possible til- ,
ing of insolvency papers, and gave the de
cided impression that his business was in
good shape. Two of McDonald s princi
pal backers in recent schemes, Messrs.
Mitchell and Marshall, Scotch million
aires, recently passed through \ ancouver
from the Klondike, an* from the stand
point of the ordinary old-country share
holder they were delighted with, the sit
uation, and entered heartily into several
new schemes. __»_._.
The officials of the local banks which
have branches in Dawson laugh at the
idea of any Klondike man haying in any
conceivable way liabilities of $b,iK*>,ooo in
connection with the banks. __,-"__
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 11.— E. Mermen,
who has just returned from Dawson, con
tradicts the statement that Alexander \
McDonald has hied a notice of insolvency
in the Dawson courts. He is a personal
friend of McDonald, and says there is not
the slightest ground for the statement.
The day before he left one of McDonald s
mule trains came in from Bonanza with
i from 150 to 200' pounds of gold dust. 11 is
check is good for an almost limitless sum
iin any of the banks of Dawson, and the
! big fellow* is richer to-day than he ever
was in his life. '"'' ''■ ,_ _ . ..„
Mermen says McDonald has about sixty
lima on El Dorado, Bonanza, Dawson,
Sulphur, Hunker and other creeks. He
can ascribe no other reason than jealousy
for the report- circulated regarding Mc-
Donald's financial embarrassment. .
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— In the absence of
confirmatory advices no credence is given
here to the repprl that Alexander Mc-
Donald, the Klondike king, is an insol
vent. So far as can be ascertained the
story of McDonald's statement is based
on the mere statement of Thomas Kil
kenny, a returning Klondiker, to the ef
fect that just before he left Dawson a
friend had' told him that McDonald had
filed a notice of insolvency at the court
house. A number of reputable Klondikers
who left Dawson subsequent to the date
on which McDonald is reported to have
filed his notice of insolvency say they
heard nothing of lt. and believe the story
has no foundation.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postofflce and Army Changes and List
of Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— The Commis
sioner General of the Land Office has ren
dered a decision in the case of Mary E.
Ferguson involving land In the San Fran
cisco Land District, rejecting her proof
upon homestead entry' and holding her an
try for cancellation.
Crockett, Weaverville and Yuba City
-.ill be made presidential postofflces after
October 1.
Army Orders— By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War. Post Quarter
master Sergeant William P. Benninghov
en now at Alcatraz Island, will be sent
to Fort Bayard, N. M. Artificer Fritz
Luck, Light Battery C, Third Artillery,
Presidio, San Francisco, will be dis
charged from the service to .date of Sep
tember 5 by the commanding officer of his
station. Private Hoyt E. Hammond gen
eral service. Fort Niagara, is transferred
to the Thirteenth Infantry. He will be
sent to the Presidio. San Francisco, and
upon his arrival report to the command
ing officer of that post, who will furnish
i him transportation to the Philippines.
Private Walter McPadden, Third Artil
lery now at Fort Mason, is transferrer to
Company H. Fourteenth Infantry. Ho
! will be sent to the station of that regi-
I ment in the Philippine Islands.
The following named enlisted men will
be discharged from • the service of the
United States by their commanding offi
cers: Acting Hospital Steward James E.
Weller. General Hospital, Presidio, San
' Francisco; Recruits Ashby Casey, Berton
' Driskell. Michael J. Fahey, Frank Hed
, strom, Frank D. Henzie, Leon M. High.
j Charles H. Junes, John H. Mackey. Press
ley B Matthews, Alphonso Smith. Wil
liam '__. Smith. Woodbery Workinger.
I James H. Smith. Charles T. Mellon, gen
-1 eral service; William H. Rice. Twentieth
infantry; Ralph Kennedy, Twenty-first
Infantry, James M. Gordon, Fourth Cav
alry; /Robert Law, Fourteenth. infantry;
Ulysses E. Belivean. Twentieth Infantry;
Byron Chamberlln. Fred Burl-hart. Wil
liam Frizzel. William G. Fluker, Edward
Hamer. William Irwin. Henry E. Killer,
John Morrissey. William H. Nye, Ira \V.
Palmer, August F. Schnadt. Harry Straw
ser, Joseph Walker. Charles Rollen.
Henry H. Jahn and Edward Omick.
Acting Assistant Surgeon Robert Boyd
, or. the expiration of his present leave of
absence will proceed to San Francisco
and report In person to the commanding
general of the Department of California
for assignment to duty.
Private Frank Bear, Hospital Corps,
General Hospital, Presidio. San Francis
co, will he discharged from the service by
| the commanding officer of his station.
California — Original: James L.
Small. lone. $6; Charles B. Whipple. San
] Francisco, $6; Louis W. Clendenjn. Los
Gatos. $6; Frederick Kimball, San Fran
cisco. $6. Additional: Daniel Shea. Oak
land. $5 to- SB. Increase: Lyman Wood
ruff. Veterans' Home, Napa, $6 to $8: Bar
tholomew Bradley. Glrndora. $S to $10.
Reissue: Nelson L.Farrlsh. Nassau. $6.
Oregon — Additional: George W. Pem
broke, Myrtle Point. $8 to $10. Increase:
Simon W. Morgan, Park Place, $6 to .8;
Russell Pealer, Hood River, ?S to $12.
I ♦ • -.
Mutinous Chinese Seeking Rele_.se.
SEATTLE, Aug. ll.—The mutiny of the
Chinese sailors yesterday on the trans
port Victoria had a sequel to-day in the
United States District Court. Sixty mem
bers of the crew petitioned for their re
lease on a writ of habeas corpus, alleging
that they were deprived of their liberty
and unduly restrained.
AT THE BRINK
OF THE CRATER
Perilous Trip of a New
York Man.
— —
, .... Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Aug. Advices
from Honolulu by the steamship Miowera
to-day were that the Hilo volcano is mak
ing things decidedly interesting for every
one in Hawaii. One of the most venture
some trips to its smoking summit was
made by A. M. Atherton, who returned to
Honolulu the day the Miowera sailed for
Vancouver. Atherton is a photographer,
sent out with Professor Bickmore of the
Department of Instruction of the State
of New York.
Atherton and Bickmore rode to within
six miles of Pele's shrine, and then Ather
ton commenced his wonderful trip. He
actually climbed to within a few feet of
the top of the mountain— the first man to
get that close to the fiery outlet. He was
surrounded by little jets of steam and the
rocks were so hot as to makfe it almost
impossible to stand on them.
Atherton obtained some splendid photo
graphs, some of which are now on their
way to San Francisco. His photographic
tripod was nearly burned in his effort
to obtain a good picture of the mouth of
the crater.
\V. A. Welbourne, one of the Miowera's
passengers, says that the volcano at
Mokuaweoweo continues to be very active.
For a few days it was impossible to get a
glimpse of Hilo, but on the night the ves
sel left the smoke cleared and a magnifi
cent view of the glow was to be had.
There was a grand display of fountains
from the crater. Vast columns of lava
could be seen thrown from the center of
the crater high into the air, to fall again
into the sides of the cone and rush madly
down Its sides in fiery streams. These
fountains vary from 200 to 500 feet In
height and are plainly visible thirty miles
away. Most of the natives anywhere near
the base of the mountain have moved ;
away, and there. is no immediate danger j
to any one In the neighborhood, although i
there is no telling when a second of the
mountains in the district will break out
again.
WIND AND LIGHTNING
DO GREAT DAMAGE
Electric Bolts Strike Numerous Chi
cago Buildings During a
Heavy Storm.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— A severe wind
and rain storm passed over Chicago
this evening, doing much damage. In
Central Music Hall many of the win
dows were blown out of the building
and scarcely an awning was left in any
part of the Masonic Temple The storm
was accompanied by terrific lightning,
which struck a number of places.
Guests at the Avenue House, Evan
ton, were seated at the dinner table
when lightning struck the electric light
wires which led Into the dining-room.
A combination gas and electric light
fixture was burned out and the current
played about the ceiling until it had
melted the fixture from its fastenings.
The gas escaped 'with full force and
burned furiously. The flames were ex
tinguished by the Fire Department.
The most disastrous work of the
storm was the destruction of the skele
ton of St. Joseph Polish Catholic
Church, at Southport and Bell avenues,
where the '_ wind wrought damage
amounting to $15,000. No lives were lost
in the collapse of the tons of steel
girders. ',;'
Late to-night it is reported that Stan
ley E. McGlew and a companion were
drowned during the storm. They were
sailing in a small boat oft Jackson
Park and It was capsized by the wind.
Several vessels in the harbor were
partly dismantled.
CLEVELAND STRIKERS
AGAIN USE DYNAMITE
Car on Euclid Avenue Blown Up,
but . No One Was
Injured.
CLEVELAND, Aug. 11. — Explosives
were again resorted to to-night on the
Euclid-avenue line near the corner of
Case and Euclid avenues. The car was
bound east. There .were twenty-five
passengers on board, but no one was
injured. Several women tried to jump
from the car, but were restrained by
cooler heads. The car was so badly
smashed that it was necessary to send
for the wrecker.
The neighborhood is a very aristo
cratic one, on one corner being the res
idence of John D. Rockefeller and on
the other the home of S. T. Everett.
WOUNDS HIS WIFE
AND KILLS- HIMSELF
Before Committing Suicide James
Prudy Sets Fire to His
"-* Dwelling, v
MARYS Aug. 11.— James Purdy,
a resident of New York Township, this
county, quarreled with his wife this morn
ing. He shot her in the arm in an at
tempt to murder her: Then, after setting
fire to his house and barn, he committed
suicide. It is thought he was insane. Mrs.
Purdy's maiden name was Lafferty and
her; relatives reside in Browns Valley.
Her wound is not serious.
A Good-Luck Cross.
A cross recently discovered In the grave of
'the beautiful Queen Dagmar is supposed to
keep away • all evil influences.' There is no
more evil influence than 111 health, and there
is nothing which has so great- a power to keep
it away than Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It
is worth a hundred good-luck crosses to the man
or woman afflicted with dyspepsia and Indi
gestion. A- private Revenue Stamp should
cover the neck ot tbe bottle. .
FIRED UPON BY
INDIAN BRAVES
Ukiahßlacksmith Barely
Escapes Death.'
— ♦ —
MEDICINE MAN'S TREACHERY
:'-■'"' >
ENDEAVORING TO INCITE A
•RISING.
♦
Old Wahmooh and a Handful of His
Tribesmen Hiding in the
Hills to Avoid
Arrest.
. ■ $*' -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COVELO, l Aug. 11.— Arthur Layton, a
blacksmith from Ukiah, was recently de
tailed to report to the Indian officials
here relative to work of his trade. In
endeavoring to reach the reservation by
way of an unfrequented trail he was set
upon and severely beaten by a band of
Indians, and when he succeeded in break
ing for cover was fired upon.
An aged Indian medicine man . named
Wahmooh has been missing for the past
few days, and the Indians have been de
tailing scouting parties to rescue the old
man. Wahmooh is a medicine man of
mere than ordinary note about here, and
has always been on record for his incur
able hatred of the whites. It now trans-.'
pires that, instead of being lost, he ha,-,
been in hiding in the mountains concoct
ing an uprising. .
When Layton yesterday evening uncon
sciously strayed into Wahmooh s camp
he was immediately set upon by. two of
the band, who tried to kill him with In
dian clubs. Layton is a powerful young
fellow and 'manfully stood off his assail
ants. Fleeing into the cover of the
thicket, he was fired upon several times.
Wahmooh has eluded the Indian police
and has escaped with his band into tho
hill-- The civil . authorities here aro
awaiting action to be taken by the In
dian officials. It is an established rule
of the civil authorities not to interfere
with Indian affairs for unlawful acts com
mitted on. the Indian reserves. . ._ ;. . ■
Chief Henly of the Indian police to
night expressed the assurance that no
outbreak would grow out of the affair
All the participants have dispersed aud
will keep their counsel.
INCREASE OF MOUNTED *
CUSTOMS INSPECTORS
Steps Taken to Put a Stop to Smug
gling Along the Rio
Grande.
AUSTIN, Aug. 11.— There has been such
l increase of smuggling along the Rio
: Grande border that the Mexican Govern
ment has largely increased its force of
mounted customs inspectors, and r the
United States Treasury Department has
: taken the matter of making a similar in
; crease of the force on the Texas sid* un
; der consideration. , ■_
The Mexican customs force along the
' Rio Grande now numbers about 800 men.
! The operations of smugglers are mostly
carried on- at remote river points in
sparsely settled sections where there are
few armed guards and inspectors.
•> '_*-* f ' i
CARNIVAL ON THE "WATER.
Novel Feature for Admission Day at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 11.— Grand Presi
dent Frank Mattison of the Native Sons
i of the Golden West has in charge the
Venetian water carnival, which is to be
the feature of the Admission day cele-
b ration to be held this year in Santa
Cruz. The carnival is to be a reproduc
tion of the wonderful water carnival held
In this city two years ago. The contract
I has already been let for the building of
the dam. This year it will be built just
about the Cut-bias bridge. It was decided
that the river be overhung, as at the pre
vious carnivals, with a canopy of varicol
! ored electric lights. Besides this electrical
illumination thousands of Japanese lan
-1 terns will shed their glow on the scene.
A band will be stationed on a platform in
the river. Gondolas, barges and illumin
ated boats will ply the waters. Laurel
1 street from Pacific avenue to the carnival
grounds Is to be gayly illuminated. Th.
entire affair is to be free and seats -are to
i be reserved for the guests.
WOMAN THIEF HELD.
Mrs. Ichtertz Must Answer for tha
Stealing of Wheat.
DIXON, Aug. 11.— The preliminary ex
amination of Mrs. Ida Ichtertz and Rob
ert J. Northrop, who were arrested at
Davisville last Monday and charged with,
having stolen forty-seven sacks of wheat
from the farm of James Millar, was held
here this morning before Justice Brown.
District Attorney F. R. Devlin conducted
the prosecution. The defendants, appear
ing without counsel, refused to . plead.
They were held to appear before the Su
perior Court under bonds of $1000 each.
Mrs. Ichtertz is the mother of .four
children and has been married twice.
She is of dissolute habits and her love
for strong drink was the cause of her
present dilemma. Her husband is a hard
working farmer and was at one time pos
sessed of considerable money. The wife's
derelict actions for several years have
caused his financial ruin and it has been
difficult for him to obtain a living for
himself and family.
The Indianapolis Is Safe.
SEATTLE, Aug. 11.— According to ad
vices received from St. Michael, Alaska,
there seems to be no cause for apprehen
sion in the case of the steamer Indianap
olis which a report from Dawson had
among the missing with twenty-eight per
sons on board. Parties who arrived from
St. Michael last night say the Indian
apolis was anchored alongside the steamer
Illinois when they left. :.-y.y. ■. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"Uneasy Lies the Head
That Wears a Crown/*
But such are not the only uneasy heads.
. Overworked, harrassed, anxious people of
all ages and both sexes are uneasy -nth
aches, pains, impure blood, disordered
stomachs, deranged kidneys and liver.
For all such. Hood's Sarsaparilla is the
effective and faultless Cure. It infuses
fresh life through purified blood.
2 visit DR- JORDAN'S great i
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY .
4 S^ 1051 * LZZZ * ST> F ' 7 ~ l s.r.csi.i
_* -Si The Largest Anatomical Museum in the _
m _r*T-. __ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
_ fISBKSa *">' '* pealtlve-jrcarad by the oldest T
9 fl__r_B| s P ec,all *>t<*-*» the Coast. Est, 36 years %
A fl«#£ft OR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 0
_ ?vjlr«_) , _l Consultation free and stri'-tly private. \
A I J_Vnj2.R Trt ,tmem personally or by letter. A g
.T g_r <!l H '"<>""« Cure in every case undertaken. T
Am// " lift Wntefor Book. pHii.o.ui'iivcri
"* I j' BtliniJlGE, MAILED FREE. (AT
f£ valuable book for men' \
9 OR.JOB__.AN A CO.. 1051 Market St., S. F. V
___& ' ©__lc_-C9te_**s Etgli-tt Diamond Bran*. ;--.
Pennyroyal p.lls
ENNYROYAL PILLS
H »-<£*"_. ' Original and Only Guanine. A
_w-_fr_%y\ a * rE * a- »-"» reliable. ladies ask _ff\
f_\ 1 __?*.<_*. Druggist for Ch izhetter _ Bnglith Dia- JSf___
. (p'SOSrt^fSsß^mand Brand In Red and Gold metallioVrUMr
*fe. —«o«Jraho_;«_, aealed with blue ribbon. - Take \£f
W 9tk «__J 1, 0 Other. Refute dcny-rou. -K.jtiiu- V
I / ~ iff tion, and imitate nt. At Druggists, or lend <£«.
' I *•* ' ymf a starapa tor irt__ul»ri. tcst'.nwtrlal- _a;j
\V* __¥ " Eetlaf for I.adloi-," in Utter, by return
«_X. if MalL 10,000 Tev.iraooiali Ifmne Paper.
_. J^-rOatl'^ertcr Ch«S__l«ia -o.,M^lft<« £^aar«»
fl««»j-»ll_c__ion>gtlit«._____ __ l*_nt4'tf,ygPLANNING TO STARVE
OUT THE FILIPINOS
War Department Discussing the Advisa
bility of Declaring a Close Block
ade of Island Ports.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WEL
LINGTON HOTEL. WASHINGTON,
Aug. 11.— a conference held by Sec
retary of War Knot with Acting Secre
tary Allen of the navy the advisability
of proclaiming a blockade at certain
Philippine ports was discussed.
The blockade to be established will be
stricter In character than that now en
forced, the purpose being to prevent
military supplies or assistance of any
kind reaching Aguinaldo during the
rainy season, and to keep his army as
unprepared as possible for a fall cam
paign.
The situation is complicated, accord
ing to official advices from General
Otis, by reason of the action of Aguin
aldo In interdicting intercourse be
tween the natives of seaports not under
the control of American forces and
ships of American register, and limiting
trade to vessels of foreign nationalities
other than the United States. This in
terdiction, according to General Otis'
dispatches, is in retaliation of his ac
tion in issuing licenses to persons in
Manila to continue trading in the
staple products of the islands. Military
officers with whom I talked say that at
the present time the native inhabitants
of Manila are dependent largely upon
their commercial and trading transac
tions for their livelihood, and they see
in Aguinaldo's decree an attempt to
stop trade between Manila and other
island ports in an endeavor to throw
the starving city upon General Otis'
hands.
While no apprehension is felt in mili
tary circles that Aguinaldo will be suc
cessful, if this is his intention, the au
thorities are very much exercised over
.the possibility of the inauguration of a
general smuggling of hemp and rice on
a scale similar to that which prevailed
during the Civil War in the Southern
States with respect to cotton.
Reports from Manila show that rice
and hemp have appreciated in value
300 per cent, and immense gain is to be
secured by successful smuggling. The
venture would undoubtedly tempt ad
venturers to obtain cargoes in ports
closed to inter-island traffic by order
of General Otis, and munitions of war
would be exchanged for native prod
ucts.
Rear Admiral Watson, according to
instructions given him by the Navy
Department, is co-operating with the
army to prevent the continuance of il
legal trading, and in a dispatch to the
Navy Department to-day he announced
that" on account of the necessity of
preventing such trading he would be
unable to send any of his ships north
as advised by Acting Secretary Allen.
I was told at the War Department this
afternoon that General Otis had not
asked for any further instructions
from Secretary Root, and until he does I
the latter [<_ disinclined to make any
suggestions. _, ....
All the little vessels under Admiral
Watson's command, including the Isla
de Cuba. Isla de Luzon and Don Juan '
"de Austria, will be placed in commis
sion as quickly as possible, and ar- j
rangements will be made for maintain-, j
ing a force before all the large ports
and patrolling smaller ones in order to
prevent illegal trading.
MAIL FOR VOLUNTEERS
SENT TO NAGASAKI
WASHINGTON. Aug. Interesting,
as evincing the Government's efforts to
push mail for the soldiers to the front
with all haste, is a communication re
ceived at the Postofflce Department from
San Francisco reporting on a telegraphic
order of July 27 to comply with a request
of Gem Otis to have mail for the First
Montana and First South Dakota regi
ments sent to Nagasaki for delivery.
This order was received there at 2 p. m.
The next dispatch of mails for Nagasaki
was from Vancouver, B. C, July 31, to
catch which the mail had to go forward
on a train leaving San Francisco at 7
o'clock five hours later. But a day or
two later the report says, the transport
Solace rived at San Francisco with
about sixty sick and disabled soldiers
from the First Montana and over thirty
from the First South Dakota. Their ros
ters were hastily sent for, but were not
ftnallv delivered to the superintendent
until "after 5 o'clock. Meanwhile all th?
mail for the men on the Solace had been
sorted by regiments and companies and
more than 400 letters due them held out
and sent to the Presidio fcr delivery. The
balance was forwarded on the 7 o'clock
train.
MACARTHUR DRIVING
INSURGENTS NORTH
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— General Otis
cabled the War Department to-day as
follows: . .
"MANILA, Aug. 11.— Adjutant-General,
Washington: Mac Arthur has taken pos
session of Santa Rita and has recon
noitered Borac, Angeles and other pomtr.
The insurgents are driven north. There
was one casualty yesterday, but none to
day Condition of the roads makes move
ment of troops difficult, but it. is consid
ered necessary to open up this section of
the country, as it virtually gives control
of the province of Bataam and relieves
the habitants there. OTIS.
MAJOR ROCKEFELLER A
PRISONER ON LUZON
WASHINGTON, Aug. ll.—The following
cablegram has been received from Gen
eral Otis:
"MANILA. Aug. 11.— Adjutant-General,
Washington: From Southern Luzon a
report comes that an American officer
is held there as a prisoner, and the de
scription given Indicates Major Rocke
feller. ' OTIS."
Major Rockefeller is the officer who dis
appeared several months ago, shortly
after his arrival in the Philippines, and
of whom nothing has been heard since.
MINNESOTA AND SOUTH
DAKOTA TROOPS SAIL
MANILA, Aug. 11.- Reconnoiteiing by
small parties continues. Unavailing at
tempts were made to get in contact with
the enemy. The American troops occupy
Calulut, Sitntarima, Bacolar and Guagua.
No further engagements have taken place.
The rains have recommenced. The
wounded are Ing brought in;.) Manila.
The United States transport City of
Para, from San Francisco, via Honolulu,
has arrived here. • :
WASHINGTON. Aug. 11.— General Otis
to-day cabled the War Department as
follows: v ;
"MANILA. Aug. 11. The City of Part
has arrived. Private Cosley Reed of the
Twenty-fourth died at sea. The Sheridan
sails to-day. OTIS."
The City of Para sailed from San Fran
cisco on July 1" with Troops B and D.
fourth Cavalry; headquarters and Com
panics A, F. H and X, Twenty-fourth
Infantry, and Company B, Engineer Bat
thirty-sixth officers and 911 enlisted
men. General Schwan commanding. The
Sheridan will bring back the Minnesota
and South Dakota troops.
REPORT OF THE BURNING
OF THE SATURNUS
WASHINGTON, Aug. ll.—The Navy
Department late this afternoon re
ceived the following cable relating to
the burning of the Saturnus by the in
surgents, which was reported in the
press cables several days ago, and also
the shelling of San Fernando, reported
on Wednesday:
MANILA. Aug. ll.—The Secretary of
the Navy: On August 2 the gunboat l'am
panga, commanded by Lieutenant Mc-
Namee, patrolling Lingayan Bay, Luzon
Island, found the American steamer Sa
turnus on the beach at San Fernando, the
insurgents having stolen the cargo. Naval
Cadet Woodward, in a dingy, fastened a
hawser around the rudder post of the
steamer under a musketry fire from
strong intrenchments of the steamer and
town. The Pampanga returned a hot lire,
but could not move the steamer. The in
surgents boarded the vessel. 1 have sent
the Yorktown to punish the piratical act.
On August 7 the Yorktown and the Con
cord and the gunboats Callao and Pam
panga entered the port of -San Fernando
and found the intrenchments encircling
the water front fully manned. Non
combatants were seen thronging the sub
stantial warehouses on the north side or
the town. The , vessels refrained from
firing in their direction. The first shell
from the Yorktown was answered with
out delay by field guns and musketry fire.
The vessel shelled the town forty-five
minutes. The extent of the damage can
not be ascertained. The Pampanga re
mained there. The Concord and Callao
are also patrolling Lingayan Bay, Luzon
Island. The Yorktown returned to Ma
nila. I have sent particulars by mail. The
climate of Manila is delightful now; ves
sels cannot be detached. All are needed
to prevent unauthorized trading.
WATSON.
ATKINSON SENDS OUT
ANOTHER CIRCULAR
WASHINGTON. Aug. Secretary
Hitchcock and other Government rials
m this city have received copies of the
circular signed by Edward Atkinson,
which the author says has been or will
be sent to th .■ commissioned and non-com- |
missioned officers of each returning regi
ment from the Philippines, together with
copies of pamphlets containing articles on
the Philippine situation from an anti-im
perialistic point Of view.
The circular, which is dated Boston. Au
gust 8, is headed "The Anti-Imperialist,"
and is addressed to the survivors of the
volunteer regiments returned from Ma
nila. Mr. Atkinson says that having been
informed that telegraphic messages from
the mothers and sisters of volunteers
from Nebraska urging them not to re-en
list have been refused delivery, he thought
he would test the question. He then iv
counts his efforts to send through the
mails to prominent officials in the Philip
pines the pamphlets refused by the Post
master at San Francisco some time ago,
for which the author of the circular --ays
he was "threatened with prosecution for
treason and sedition because of tin- ef
fort on my part to convey information to
you, citizens and soldiers, which would
inform you as to the work being done In
this country to stop what we believe to
be criminal aggression in the Philippine
Islands."
Mr. Atkinson adds that the three ar
ticles referred to, viz.: "The Cost of a;
National Crime," "The Hell of War and
It.- Penalties" and "Criminal Aggression;
By Whom Committed?" are included In
one of the two pamphlets sent to the of
ficers of the regiments, and lie asks their
views upon th.-m and upon the whole
course of the warfare in the Philippine
Islands, promising, if permitted to print
the letters, to make a careful selection
therefrom, "whether adverse to the po
sition I have taken or sustaining it."
CHEAP WATER RIGHTS.
Bonanza in the Grasp of San Joaquin
Farmers.
STOCKTON. Aug. 11.— Those farmers
who bought water rights of the original
owners of the Stanislaus and San Joaquin
Irrigation Company are said to be in an
excellent position to take in the system
for the inconsiderable amount of $30,000,
for which the property Is under condi
tional sale.
The valuable property was knocked
down two weeks ago for that amount
for the benefit of the bondholders, but
it is subject to redemption during the
legal period provided in such sales. It
is claimed that owners of water rights
are in the position of holders of second
mortgages, and as such will have first
call and be able to take in the property,
less many of the expenses which would
fall to an outside purchaser.
An effort is being made to organize
the farmers in order that they may take
up the opportunity offered, and it is more
than probable they could secure assist
ance from the local banks.
DISASTROUS STORM
IN CENTRAL STATES
Two Persons Killed by Lightning
and Many Others Seriously-
Injured.
CHICAGO, Aug. According to dis
patches received from points in Illinois,
Indiana, Michigan, lowa and Wisconsin,
a great deal of damage was done by last
night's storm. In some places there was
loss of life due to lightning, and the loss
of crops and destroyed buildings reaches
a heavy figure. Those killed are:
— — COLLINS, farm hand near Harvard,
III.; struck by lightning.
FRANK STICKNEY. aged 17; struck by
lightning near Janesvflle, Wis.
ill' injured are: John Carr, Harvard.
111, stunned by lightning; Christian Kruse.
Elgin, 111., shocked by lightning, and John
and Robert < >rr. Harvard, ill., stunned by
lightning.
In many places livestock was killed. A
large party gathered in a new, barn pre
paratory to dedicating it with a dance.
Lightning demolished the structure and
injured a number of those inside. An ice
house belonging to the Knickerbocker
Company of Chicago was burned by the
lightning at Elgin.
At Janesville, Wis., the house of C. L.
O'Brien was demolished by lightning.
All 'he members of the family were ab
sent at a picnic, and thus their lives
were saved.
At Bessemer. Mich., twenty-five dwell
ings were moved from their foundations
by the wind and flood. Corn and small
grain in stack was flattened out every
where, and the loss to farmers will foot
up thousands of dollars,
Senator Culberson's Wit.
A witty speaker will enliven the pro
ceedings of the Senate when ex-Governor
Culberson of Texas takes his seat. Not
long ago. at a convention in the Lone Star
Stat". ex-Senator Roger Q. Mills was tne
orator of the occasion. Mr. Mills is what
is known as a strong speaker. Eloquence
is not altogether In his line. Senator Cul
berson, was In the audience. Mr. Mills
had spoken for nearly two hours in his
accustomed vein, when Mr. Culberson
and his nearest neighbor caught each
other yawning. Hiding his face with his
hand the Senator whispered Into the other
tired rran's ear:
"I now know the meaning of Longfel
low's immortal lines, "Though the mills
of the gods grind slowly, they grind ex
exceeding small. "—Philadelphia Post.
Tobacco smokers have been more ex
empt from influenza during the recent
epidemics than those persons who are
not habitual smokers. .-.,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1899.
SENSATIONAL TESTIMONY I S
EXPECTED IN DREYFUS CASE
Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Aug. 11.— With the conclu
sion of the examination of the se
cret dossier to-day public sittings
of the Rennes court-martial will
be resumed. That to be held to-
I morrow is expected to be a sensational
one. It is announced that it will begin
with the examination of M. de la
Roche- Vernet, Secretary of the French
Embassy in Berlin, who will give evi
dence of a cipher dispatch regarding
Dreyfus from Major Panizzardi, Italian
military attache in Paris, to his Gov
ernmenta dispatch the interpretation
of which almost led to a conflict be
tween the French War Office and the
foreign Ministers.
The next witness will be M. Casimir-
Perier, who will be followed by General
Mercier. The latter's deposition, it is
expected, will be the crux of the whole
case. Anti-revisionists have pinned
their faith on this being a sledgeham
mer blow to Dreyfus.
According to reports current In Paris
General Mercier will divulge the means
by which the bordereau and other docu
ments were obtained from the German
Embassy. This agent is alleged to have
been Mmc 8., lady's maid to Countess
Marie yon Munster, daughter of the
Embassador, who was really a spy of
the French War Ministry. She sent
Count yon Munster's correspondence to
! the general staff, where it- was photo
graphed and then returned to the em
bassy.
About a fortnight ago, it is alleged,
an attempt was made to break into
Mme. B.s house, presumably in order
to seize her papers. A man was ar
rested, but proved to be a police agent,
who declared that he was acting on
the order of his superiors, and was re
leased.
M. Hennion. sub-chief of the Detec
tive Department, was called back from
Rennes to investigate the affair, but
nothing transpired as to the result of
his researches.
Both revisionists and anti-revision
ists accuse each other of inspiring the
attempted burglary, but the affair is
still the deepest mystery. Mme. B. is
said to.be now- abroad.
All this dramatic matter is rousing
public interest in General Mercier's
deposition to the highest pitch. Anti
revisionists have attached such impor
tance to it that the whole Dreyfus af
fair is now considered to turn upon it.
A rumor is current that General Mer
cier's statements will be in flagrant
contradiction to those of M. Casimir-
Perier and that if this be so, Mairre De
mange will demand the former War
Minister's arrest on the spot. In any
case, if General Mercier's deposition is
reached at to-morrow's sitting most
sensational developments may be ex
pected, i
The Matin will to-morrow print an
interview with Mme. Henry. When
speaking of her husband she was deeply
moved, and declared she was still con
vinced that her husband was a loyal
soldier. It was her intention to avenge
his memory by proclaiming ber confi
dence in the purity of his intentions,
and denouncing those who maintain
that he was a traitor. Mme. Henry
stated that she will persist in her action
against M. Joseph Reinach. Her depo
sition may be expected to cause deep
emotion among the public, which will
be due more, however, to sympathy
with her case than any positive evi
dence she can bring, as her conviction
of her husband's innocence seems
merely based on personal impression.
REOPENING OF THE
DREYFUS TRIAL
RENNES, Aug. 12.— The red and
white facade of the Lycee was bathed
in sunshine at 5:40 o'clock this morning
when Captain Dreyfus crossed the
Avenue de la Gare and entered the
building for the second public session
of his trial by court-martial. The same
stringent police precautions were taken,
READY TO
START FOR THE
TRANSVAAL
Preparations Made in India to
Dispatch an Army at
Once.
THREATS OF BOERS
Say That in the Event of War They
Will Ruin Johannesburg
.Mines.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
«$. ♦ '+> ♦♦♦*t 4* 4* -4* ♦ ♦.♦>♦ + ♦
> - ••. **"
♦ BOMBAY, Aug. Prepara- +
♦ tions are about completed for *4*
4- the dispatch of 12,000 troops to ♦
4- South Africa. A number of ♦
+ transports are in readiness in In- *4
•4* dian waters, and in the event of +
-4- war troops will be embarked ♦
♦ simultaneously here, at Kara- *♦*
♦ chec and at Calcutta. +
'*+ + + + ♦-•♦-♦-•♦-♦ + + + ♦'♦
LONDON, Aug. ll.—The Boer organ
in London, the Standard and Digger
News, to-day publishes a Johannesburg
dispatch, threatening Great Britain in
the event of war, and saying that the
Boers are determined to wreck the
mines and irretrievably ruin the gen
eral body of shareholders by blowing
up millions worth of machinery. It adds
that war will mean the absolute ruin '
of Johannesburg, both as a town and
as a mining center, and says:
"While It will doubtless end in a vic
tory for England, the price of that vic
tory will be the ruin of thousands, who
ought to consider the price they must
pay before authorizing the Government
to declare war." /*■*-.,
Another Johannesburg dispatch pre
dicts further concessions, and says:
"The reply of the Transvaal to the
proposal for a joint inquiry is being de
layed until the Government has pre
pared a scheme' granting the Ultlanders
immediate and substantial, representa
, tion, as the Transvaal will make every
MAJOR FORZINETTI,
Who was dismissed from the Governorship of Cherche Midi Prison because
of his declarations favorable to Dreyfus.
but barely twenty persons had gathered
to witness his crossing.
The session opened at 6:30 with pre
cisely the same formalities as on Mon
day. Captain Dreyfus entered with the
same quick, jerky step. His features
were pale and* rigid. He took a seat
upon the platform and the reading to
the court of Dr. Ransom's report rela
tive to the finding of a document in the
lining of Dreyfus' waistcoat was then
begun.
The opening of the proceedings was
attended by a sensational Incident. On
Dreyfus being shdwn by Colonel
Jouaust the document found in the lin
ing ot his waistcoat by a penitentiary
officer he admitted keeping it as a
souvenir copy of the bordereau. He
owned to this calmly and without any
trembling of the voice.
Then he listened calmly to the read-
ing of Dr. Ransom's report by Major
Cassiere, the prosecutor, which occu
pied about ten minutes.
M. de la Roche-Vernet, one of the sec
retaries of the French Embassy at Ber
lin, was then called. He testified re
garding the translation of the Paniz
zardi dispatch.
FORZINETTI THINKS
HENRY' THE CULPRIT
RENNES, France, Aug. ll.—The Lon
don Times' statement this morning of
the late Lieutenant Colonel Henry's
treason caused considerable sensation
here, and was much discussed among
the newspaper men and all others in
terested in the trial. The affirmation of
Henry that Esterhazy was his accom
plice is only a confirmation of what has
already many times been stated. But
what was regarded as important .is the
fact that the Times announced it in
such categorical terms, demonstrating,
according to the views of the friends, of
Dreyfus here, that the Times' people
have actually had documents submitted
effort to avert intervention in the inter
nal affairs of the country."
KRUGER WILL ARREST
PROMINENT REFORMERS
LONDON. Aug. 12.— The Cape Town
correspondent of the Daily Mail says: "I
learn from a prominent ex-reformer that
the Transvaal Government has prepared !
warrants for the arrest of prominent re
formers when the condition of affairs at
Johannesburg provides an excuse. The
presumption is that President Kruger ,
means to secure the leading Uitlanders as j
hostages the moment trouble arises."
Eiddle.
The doomed man was defiant to the
last.
"Oh, I feel as fine as a fiddle," he ex
claimed as the rope was being adjusted
about his neck.
"String him up!" shouted the mob,
with quiet humor. . '.
For it was not the way of these
crude people to take life too seriously. —
Detroit Journal.
■ ♦ ■ — ii
Mexican dollars are current all over
China, and when they can not be bad
block silver, uncoined, is used.
GROUP OF YAQUI INDIANS.
to them by more than one foreign mili
tary attache, presenting the strongest
proof of Henry's guilt. There is, more
over, the belief that this announce
ment can only prelude the publication
by the Times of the actual documents.
The correspondent here of the Asso
ciated Press spoke to Major Forzinetti,
who was Governor of the Cherche Midi
prison during Dreyfus' incarceration
there and who was cashiered on ac
count of his declarations favorable to
Dreyfus' attitude while in prison. For
zinetti said:
"The Times' statement confirms my
own view. I was convinced of Henry's
complicity from the very first and al
ways regarded him as the real culprit."
Regarding the court-martial he said:
"To-morrow will undoubtedly be the
most important day of the whole pro
ceedings, as General Mercier and M.
Casimir-Perier, formerly President of
France, if time admits will be confront
ed and a most dramatic scene is inev
itable, as their declarations in certain
matters differ on essential points."
SECRET SESSION OF
THE COURT CONCLUDED
RENNES, Aug. ll.—The Dreyfus
court-martial concluded its secret ses
sions at 9 o'clock this morning, when
M. Paleologue of the Foreign Office fin
ished his explanations of the secret
dossier. The court will meet again at
G:2O a. m. to-morrow.
M. PAUL DEROULEDE
IS AGAIN ARRESTED
PARIS, Aug. 12— M. Paul Deroulede,
founder of the League of Patriots, and
a member of the Chamber of Deputies
for the Ango-uleme Division of Char
ente, was arrested at 4 o'clock this
morning at his estate at Croissey, near
Paris.
EIGHTY RESERVES ARE
PLACED UNDER ARREST
CHICAGO, Aug. 12.— Eighty members of
the Illinois Naval Militia were placed
under arrest last night. Some days since
Captain William H. Thompson of the
Naval Militia, now in camp at Wauke
gan. ill., left camp and came to Chicago,
He declares that he had permission, and
Captain ShafTner, the commanding officer,
held a contrary view.
It was decided to reprimand Thompson,
and he declared that he would not accept
•i censure and demanded a court-martial.
This was refused and the reprimand in
sisted upon. The entire ship's crew com
manded by Thompson sided with him and
threatened to leave camp if Shaffncr's or
ders were carried out. As a result eighty
men were placed in the guardhouse.
Heartless Woman.
"I dunno whether I shall ever take my
wife to another ball game," said Mr.
Ruhter.
"Bother you too much?"
"Oh, no; I have finally got her to a
point where she understands the game
pretty well, but when the umpire robbed
us of a run she just laughed and said:
"Ain't that funny?' "—lndianapolis Jour
nal. :;
iFrom a rare photograph taken a year ago.)
LOVERS LINK ARMS
AND DIE TOGETHER
Young Couple Commit Suicide Because
Their Parents Objected to Their
Keeping Company.
9 OMAHA, Aug. 11.— A special from Arapahoe gives a brief outline of 1
O* a terrible tragedy there. A young man and his sweetheart went into the «
*S High School building during the night evidently determined to die in £j
§ one another's arms. Workmen, who were repairing the building, on go- 9
£_• ing to work about 7 o'clock found the lifeless body of James Bloodworth. g
js aged 21, with a bullet hole in his right temple, in the east doorway of q
34 the building. In his clenched hand he still held the revolver with which g
0 the deed was done. §
2S - With her arms about Bloodworth lay the body of Miss Grace Cooper q
£■ with a bullet wound in her temple. She was still breathing, but died s?
£ about four hours later. Each left a statement that it was a case of sui- jq
§ cide with each. Objections had been made to their keeping company. 2?
0 and this is supposed to be the cause. £•
§ Miss Cooper was about 15 years of age. Both are of well-to-do $
§ families. The tragedy has caused a local sensation. §j
YAQUI WAR HAS
BEEN OVERRATED
The Opinion Prevalent
in Arizona.
— ♦
COVERS A SMALL TERRITORY
— ♦ —
INSURGENTS WILL BE SUR- |
ROUNDED AND WIPED OUT.
•
Father Beltran and the Two Sisters
of Charity Are Alive, but May
Be Killed at Any
Moment.
• ♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
♦  t
+ CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— special -f
'+.' to the Chronicle from El Paso, ♦ j
-4- Tex., says: News has been re- + j
+ ceived from Montezuma that + j
+ when General Torres learned -4*
♦ that his nephew had been killed *
-4* by the Yaquis he promptly or- ♦
♦ dered that forty prisoners who -f
♦ had fallen into his hands during ♦ j
♦ the engagement of three weeks +
♦ ago be put to death, and they *t
+ were accordingly taken out and *
+ shot. Only twenty Indians were +
♦ killed in the battle, but the offi- +
♦ cial returns gave it as sixty, ac- -*♦-
-4- counting for the forty prisoners -4
+ as killed in battle. ♦
++++♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
DENVER.' Aug. 11.-A special to the
News from Nogales, Ariz., says: Authen
tic information of the Yaqui war would
surely come out via Nogales more readily
than via Casas Grandes, this Place being
nearer and more accessible to the seat ot
war, and here no such thrilling stones as
go out from Casas Grandes are receded. !
Commandant Juan Fenochio in com
mind of the Third Zone of La Gendar- ,
merie Fiscal, which includes the region
adjacent to the international boundary be
tween the State of Chihuahua and th
Pacific Ocean, who is also well posted on
Sf policy ordered for the prosecution of
the war by President Diaz and his able ,
Minister of War, General Bernozabel.
IW* that the zone of J^^SS-fSSSi
this insignificant area /| 0 ln f a t £^erritory
the seat of war the Yaquis are concentrat
ing fn force and the Mexican Government ,
sluUing forth every effort to localize^the .
hostilities and prevent their spreading
fl Troops are hurrying into the region and
strong detachments are posted in ail the
mounta-n passes .eading "gtJgJJ'Sfi
thine is in readiness a strong force win
surround the Yaquis where they have in
trenched and will wipe them out with
mkchine a guns. Those who escape will be
intercepted at the mountain passes, Col- ,
onel Wnochio predicts that when all
preparations are made the work will he |
finished tin very quickly. -■_«___ ]
Information from the zone of the Yaqui
war conveys the Intelligence that Father
Beltran. the priest who was reported
killed St the time of the outbreak, is still
alive and in the hands of the insurgents.
The latter have notified the military au
thorities that when the Federal troops
attack them where they have entrenched
at Bacum they will kill the priest, his
brother and two sisters of charity whom
they have also taken captive.
How Dean Stanley Bode Through
Palermo.
Hugh Pearson always spoke of Dean
Stanley as the most absent-minded man in
the world. He was driving once with him
into Palermo; he complained of feeling
cold, and as Stanley had his traveling bag
with him he advised him to put something
extra on. He did so, and both resumed
their papers. A loud laugh from some
boys suddenly roused Pearson to the real
ization that "Stanley was driving through
the streets in his nightshirt, which he had
put on over his coat, in pure absence of
mind.— London News.
IMPROVEMENTS
FOR NEW YORK
Mazet Committee Will
Make Suggestions.
— ♦ — ■
KEARNEY ON THE STAND
— —
SAYS METROPOLITAN LINE
WAS NOT FAVORED.
♦
Superintendent Butler Swears That
There Was No Favoritism Shown
in Giving Out City
Printing. _._;i_i
— r
Special Dispatch to The Call. "■
NEW YORK, Aug. ll.—The Mazet ex
ecutive investigating committee to-day
adjourned until September 12. Attorney
| Frank Moss will spend the next four
| weeks preparing a statement of the work
i of the committee and framing reports of
| improvements or supposed improvements
in matters pertaining to municipal legis
lation, which will be presented to the next
Legislature. Assemblyman Hoffman, too
Democratic member -of the committee, ob
jected to adjournment, but he was. out
, voted 4 to l by the Republican members
| of the committee.
The session during the day was not pro
l ductive of sensational results. Superin
tendent W. A. Butler, who is in charge of
the city records, was called to the stand
for the purpose of showing, if possible,
that contracts for the city printing were
let Out through favoritism, but the wit
ness was firm and convincing in his as
' sertions that all contracts were let out
i by bids.
i Henry S. Kearney. Commissioner of
Building Lighting and Supplies, testified
regarding the issuance of permits for al
lowing the Metropolitan line to put in
electric ducts along that road. Mr. Kear
' ney acknowledged that he thought the
company had secured about 50 per cent
: excess on ducts, but said he had allowed
j it because the company had declared it
was necessary.
Mr. Moss attempted to show that this
\ extra rower would be used by the street
railroad for outside contracts, like fur
i nishing power and light to citizens. The
; attorney of the committee insisted that
: the extra ducts amounted practically to
1 a franchise. This was denied by the Com
missioner, who incioentally made the re
mark that his department was paralysed
j by the refusal of the Municipal Assembly
to concur in permits granted by him for
stringing wires and earning on other
work in his domain.
Nose Bleeds on Wednesday.
In the Harlem Hospital is a peculiar
case of what the learned physicans call
purpura haemorrhagica. In plain Eng
! lish, the patient bleeds on the slightest
; provocation. He is William Feumeister,
10 years old. of 4 Morris place. Some
' time ago the boy fell and struck his
head against a table leg. The wound
I healed, but ever since William has been
having periodical nose bleeds, and sin
gularly enough, always on Wednesday.
: Then it was noticed that the slightest
pressure on the boy's body was enough
j to cause a slight hemorrhage under the
! skin. His body is covered with black
and blue marks where the blood has
j coagulated under the skin.
The physicians will try to cure Wil
liam by toning his system. They are
not sure that the wound on his fore
: head was the real cause of the purpura
haemorrhagica. — New York World.
The Government's object in sending the
cruiser Wilmington up the Orinoco and
the Amazon was to show the United
States flag in places where it had been
rarely or never seen.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
«^ No wonder
s> *n y some women
M. W\ feel M if the
_*&-_ disease which
.*S3*s§S i £>s_ constantly pur-
«»r2jil2^TJfcV sues them is
-_2^**-C-v_yKy" just a malig-
1/ IfvCS* nant devil
f r^\ t»r^§k J_ dooming them
f^* 1 j5& ■* » /* to en( -** e9s m - 5 "
___R____^>Sr Y_ \\l ery ' Thousands
C**Bw^**'-3£__ y \ \J\ °f won - en who
"' ■ __*vM_N \l \yl_ could get no re-
_ 'v-lt* JL 11 *' e^ from any
*^SB_y<-_»!l .V*****T***--™> other source
*__W_¥- "ggr''y _ffl****^ have written
' -HquJYWi'i jt^"^ grateful letters
:>^ to Doctor R. V.
Pierce, chief consulting physician of the
Invalid's Hotel and Surgical Institute, of
Buffalo, N. V., telling him of the benefits
received from liis wonderful prescriptions
and the careful professional advice which
he sends by mail without charge.
A lady living In West Eaton. Madison Co..
N. V., Mrs. Mattie A. Walker, In a recent letter
to Dr. Pierce, says: "I write to inform you
what your remedies have done for me; but they
have helped me so much that I know not where
to commence or where to leave off. as I had such
a complication of ailments. For three years I
had such bad spells I thought that if dying was
only just a sleep I did not want to wake and suf-
fer again; I would be glad to have death come
any night. I got so discouraged it seemed as if
I TOtild never be well and happy again. I had
a-^hmatic spells towards morning. Sometimes
I felt as if 1 could not get breath enough to live-
had dreadful pains in the top of my head, and
was so nervous I felt as if something dreadful
was going to happen— could not tell why
either I could write a dozen sheets full and not
ten all the dreadful things I suffered, from fe-
male weakness, constipation, asthmatic spells,
and rheumatic neuralgia. - ,
" I advise all who are suffering not only to use
Dr. Pierces medicines, but to get his advice also,
for it has helped me so much I cannot say
enough in praise of both the advice and the
remedies. I look on your medicines as being a
God-send, and will ask God to guide suffering
humanity to the right relief." ; *
For nervous troubles and ailments pecu-
liar to women Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription is the only proprietary remedy
designed by a regularly educated physician.
For bronchial affections and digestive diffi-
culties his "Golden Medical Discovery " is
the one permanent cure. His "Pleasant
Pellets " are the most effective natural non-
griping laxative for constipation.
Sen! to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo NY
for a free copy of the People's Medical
Adviser. - For paper-covered copy enclose
21 one-cent stamps to cover muling ooiy.
Cloth-bound 31 stomps.
■ •" ■■-. ■'■"'■' .■•:■'■'
34
FUNDS POOR IN FOR THE RECEPTION OF THE RETURNING VOLUNTEERS
Members of the Fire and
Police Departments Re
spond Nobly to the Call
Upon Their Patriotism.
—* —
NOTHING but money poured in }'•*
--terday to the room.- of the executive
council of the citizens' finance com
mittee More than $6000 was entered
on the books before bank closing
time, making a total of $11,570 20.
Even then collectors kept dropping in to
report additional subscriptions to tiie fund
for the reception of the returning volun-
-
Chairman de Young called the council
together during the afternoon to consider!
the cash pile as it grew. He begad, by*
opening dozens and dozens of letters con
taining checks for large amounts, a rosy
glow being cast over the preliminary pro
ceedings on the reading by Secretary 1 lp- j
pv of a letter from Mr. Runyon of the
Mount Tamalpals Scenic Railway .an
nouncing the company's intention to illu
mipate Mount Tamalpais the night of the
arrival of th- California boys. ;
Several- thousand dollars In additional
Subscriptions had been entered on the 1
books when the hearts of the councilmen
I ere f'trVher gladdened h> ? the appearand ,
of chief of Police Lees with a .ack. Ih-- '
sack contained J3WO In brfehts • i " ll >^; <
eagles, representing the offering of th€ ,
numbers of the Police ?«Vf t^*Y iror £_ ;
fund for the reception of. the Californtaj
Lo?s. To make this sum each of
the Police Department subscribed 3%iper
cert of his salary for the month ofj
iil^ust the captains collecting- and turn
ing^over'tbe money to Chiel Lees and
g^S?SS_75S_i -ck were-diunped
on tlie table, andtwhile Colonel ;EJPW
stacked the coin t.'hi-f --•'"..":•'■ - . _ Hal ;
graphed by Chairman at Youngs otnciai
SKSe police offering came a re- \
_..rt fV.m '<;-.ru'.-T. P-oh-t: that tne mem- I
b... of the Ffre Department had sub
scribed 1500 to the fund. •* |
Congressman Kahn and I* rank \al lot
r^Donses to their calls. They turned in;
n.ore than JIOOO In subscriptions as the re
bul_ of a few hour 3' work during the day. ,
They will be at it again this morning. .
ohn i) Slebe of the committee on
whoufsale-liquor dealers reported that he
had secured subscriptions to the amount
° f Cha-!es A. Zlnkand and Fjank Mars-|
ton r*-ir.-te«! that they had receLed tne
following subscriptions from res-auran
keepers: ' Frank V.. Marston, the Origlna
r-reWrie restaurant. _V. Market stre._t j
j-r Johrson's Creamerie, •-■> Market .
l"ir'pet J-n; William Eogen. the
Lou.-r'e c.-rner of Powell and Mar
ket streets. $20; Charbs A. Zinkand.
Cafe Zinkand. VX Market street. ? M R .
j Techau, Techau Tavern; 106^ Mason
street fr Page & Falch; corner Turk and
Mas-on' -treets J2O; Wicker _: Hermansen, ,
Goodfellcws' Grotto Ma rket street^and
City Hall avenue. J_); Schwan & Beth.
the Original Louvre, corner Market and
O'Farrell streets. 120; Marchand s restaur
rant 1-4 Gearj* street; J-j: Gutzeit & _ua.
fanti*. Delmonico; 110 OFarrell street iVr
St. Germain restaurant £ : ; 33 Uha-.ei,
street, $10: II- H. Young. Schroth <_ V%es- ,
terf.-Id"s bakery. ?_s Kearny street. $20.
RT-Beck & Co.. Vienna Model bakeryaml
cafe 40 Kearny street, $20; A. NVolff, .
Snreckels rotlsserie; firteenth. rtopr, j
Spre.-kels building. $20; Dennett s coffee ;
nirior- 74S Market stre-t. $lo; Blanco &
l.run, the Poodle Dog restaurant, corner
Eddy and Mason streets, $?»-
M" Johnson and William gen of the,
committee will continue tbe canvass to
■' Messrs. Sonntag and Ayers of the^ com
mittee on the Arion concert reported that
they had secured the Alhambra Tneater.
Jones and Eddy streets, for next Tuesday
night; at which time the concert would Oe
given. The Globe Ticket Company had
volunteered to print the tickets free of ;
charge. . ,  ,
The remainder of the session of the
council was taken up in reconstruction of
collecting committees, this work naving
been made necessary in several instances
by failure of appointees to report. >ew
committeemen were --elected as follows: v ;
District 2— A. G. Bxith, A. J. Raisch, J.
Currier. Sol J. Levy. __ , . , _, .
Di-urict 17— Charles _■ redericks, Chris ;
Dunker. W. J. Bryant, Frank Sherman.
District 17—Johr: Tonningsen. James
Gilken, Henry Bower, Ben Duncan, C.
Deasy.
Dr. C. V. Cross, ch;_irman <-if the com- ;
mittee on consolidated districts 9. 10 and
11; suggested the names of William By
lngton and Frank Selfridj as additional
members. I
All the collectors will be busy tniS j
mornln-r and the day should pan out big,
as the bankers and managers of quasi
public corporations will receive visits. If ;
the total on the books of the council foots
Up $25,000 at sundown nobody will be sur
prised.
ARIONS WILL ASSIST.
JUBILATION over the success attained
***Mn one benefit for the reception of the
volunteers has not blinded the finance
committee to the desirability of others.
On the heels of the magnificent results at
the Orpheum auction sale the executive
■f RESERVED SEATS FOR ?
f THE GREAT BENEFIT T
IC I
• ♦
._. A number of applications J_.
7" are on file at the Orpheum box T
4- office for reserved seats for the .;.
-T- volunteer benefit. The theat- *.
*j* rical managers committee an- ***
J. nounce that if the desired ■__
•J- seats are not taken up by the .j-
T applicants bsfore 6 o'clock this j£
4- evening the applications will _{.
T be thrown into the waste ba.s- i*
X ket. Those desiring the re- X
T served seats for which they '£
i. have sent in applications are J.
■** warned that there will be no v
_£ deviation from this rule. J.
Royal Manners. J
The Czar was taught Kngl!.-h."which he ;
speaks without any accent, by a Mr.
Heath, a gentleman who was very fond of
boxing. An interesting picture Is given by
a French writer of the early life of the
vouiig ruk*r of the Russians. Nicholas
and his brothers were brought up with
very little ceremony, though they were
well educated, particularly in religious
matters. But their Sundays were, not
passed In a fashion which the old Puritans
would have approved of. for on that par
ticular day they entertained at dinner
their boy and girl friends, and very lively
these banquets were.
The 1 manners at the table of the future
Czar and his brothers and friends remind
one rather of the days of Peter the Great
and tho way In which thai, monarch: "car
ried on." for we are told that "there was
no end to the tricks the hosts and their
small guests played. From end to end of
the table there used to be a continuous
firing of bread pellets, which are perpetu
ally striking princely noses or landing in
royal mouths.'-— Detroit Free Press. :
Pears'
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
MORE SUBSCRIPTIONS ROLL
INTO THE RECEPTION FUND
j » Previously Reported, $57-43 75
•*- Pan Frar.c[.=co Police D*p-ir?m»nt.. 2 . «"->-* r- 1
■■ Ai .San Francisco Fire Department 500 CO-
Western Sugar ••.:.-.■. 250 09
i 4* Emporium & 'Jolilen Rule' Bazaar. 2-» >».
j A Rar pilot)! (per '.'.'. <;. I_eale), cash. 100 00
i '■ / Raphael' « /. :. 100 0-)
! i A. Briil-llng & Co i'io co
•"_ Califorriia Jock"y Club 100 W
\ A Raphael ."Weill -&i Co 100 00
j__ Alas-ka Packers' A_soclatlon 100 <ti
i ■¥ Custom-bouse (per J. P. Jackson),
1 A second payment It"} C».
! y The J Yokohama (.pee'e Bank.... 100 09
': 4% Edward Coleman .' >_> CO
I / A«?ef««'.r - i" Office (por W- H. Cl!n»> C. W
I y I_<j>al legion of California :-. cr.
! -» A - Andrews SO •:»)
-A H. Llebes & Co s>'i '_*_
I 1/ Hie*-*. Brc*. & Plagemann _* C 9
!_w Jeß.**e Moore-Hunt «Jo 50 00
: T Wllmer-ling. 1-r.ewe & Co." 50 09
1 0 E. Martin &■ Co - M •>_
j L N. Van liergen & <>> 50 09
■ "* ' I-OUfa Ta'i.ssif. _■ Co 50 OO
■ A) Livingston & Co 50 «M
; < ' Crown Distilleries Oc 5)0.
** H. S. Crocker Co "• 09
! A I'ayot, Cpham & Co 55 00
I V r-unr.lneham. trurtiss & Welch 59 <>.
4t Sanborn, Vail #_ Co 50 W
i A \Vil]rn-;**tte Pulp & Paper Co 50 00
i./'A. FiMchhacker & Co I" i>)
->t Rtake. iloffiU &. Towne 50 «■)
j > Employes J-Chii- Br.;s _5 S5
' Q George A. Moss SW
L -C. Schilling & C 0... :.'• ■■.
'7 W. <*. Ralston S»!
0 J. Brett &Co . -"
_, Pacific Stock Exchange 15 60
: * A. P. Hotaling & C 0... •-••■ J3 '•>
• /! Wickman & Lultren '.'o ?-< '■
V Natifr. A!fs a- Brune S 6>)
■k I'mon Pulp-: Bar*- Co -J_ "'.
•/, San Francisco News C? 15 00
I V ■ S. A O. Gamp EOO
i4c Will <v Finck 2* W
[ A Herman Cohen v '*'
i ,-' Schussler Bros -) •>'
j -jc George T. Marye Jr £> •-___
i a John Srex:-fe & Co -":' '
\0 Ro-:. &co * ••;
:j. Shfa. Bocqu«rar i Co SOW
i V Jones. Mandy & Co -"
\0 Bare Brc-s £.' '*■
! ' J V, Coif man -.' ."*'
LT Sadler .V Co f"
: A) Jus*,ir.ian Catre Co £.' '- I .'
Henry Doyle & Co W»
i ~¥- Schwartz Bros _.-'"-'
' A I_ievr*- Frlcke -'- Co SOW
V - : -:
; ©<_,*<^*-^*<_>*<^Ar<_-***C>* <_^*<-
; council perfected its plans yesterday for •
| a concert by the singing members of the .
; New York rion Society, who arrived in )
I il.* city last night.
Messrs. Sonntag and Ayres of the com- ;
I mitt-e having the matter in hand secured :
' from the management the fre t use of. the •
! Alhambra Theater. Jones and _.ae:y ;
: streets, for next Tuesday evening, the :
! only one for which the visitors are not
otherwise engaged. They have also se- ;
! cured th* donation of tickets ar.d oilers :
from many talented musicians to fill out
['the programme., to which the Arions will;]
, contribute two numbers. The members
of the society who will take part are: j
Firsi tenors— Eou!.. Hnetwohl. Emit 7.°h. A. ,
i J Granitza, Ch. Grafsroann, H. I'iiTany. E. j
tJehnhof, E. Kride. • , !
I Second tenors- F. Kiefer, A. V Indolf, Tn»- >
■■ d-.re Helnroth. G. Jost. , T_ - I :
Firei i-asv— Constar.Vin Euoius. B. Hu.nae.l,
F Gennann, E. Bierseck, Conrad Koch.
Second ba3_e-"W. Prestlng. John Bohne. rneo- i
' Uore Kremer, Alexan'j-r Mltzel. John Splitaort.
Musical leader— Julius Lorenz.
I The following gentlemen have been se- ,
i lected to take charge of the seats for the j
I benefit:
! CiauK ?pre-*ke]<- H-nrv Gundlach. J. G. B. ;
i Broenunel, R. Cai^-lie. Colonel E. A. Denteke, ;
i M. Gree-nbiatt. F. Hes-s, It. Herold. E. LHue- ,
' t-r, A. Hochstern. E. C. Briber, \ ice Consul ;
! O .* \v I_ori.*.n. German Consul General A. Ro- ;
' senlhal. F. Tilimann Jr.. H. Manpels. G. Mar- ;
' c*js. H. FiaKcniann. E. Rohle. August ScWHtng, j
'< He-man Schussler. Mr. Hansen. Joseph Brand- j
enstetn O. Muser. John D. Siebe, F. V. . Ijohr- ,
• ma_n Loals Usser. I.r. R. Baum, Dr. Rosen- ,
cite C Bei_heau, Oeosge T. Volkmann, A.
H R. Schmidt Is.dor Gutte, B. A. -Becker, 1
. Claus Schilling, Walter Speyer. G. Tourny. '->■
: Schoemann. E. Wes'erfeldt, Joseph > r-.iericks. I
I Colonel M. H. Hecht.
It' Is thought : the committee will meet :
■ some time to-day to perfect the pro- ;
' gramme and arrange for the sale of seats. ;
At the meeting of , the theatrical man
lagers yesterday the' success of the auc- :
! tion sale of • irpheum boxes and seats j
! was the great topic. Willie they were in :
I <-(--ssion crowds were in line at the box j
buvlng up the seats left. over, and;
i so steadily did they pay down their coin :
' that two thousand odd dollars additional
were taken in from the box office sale,:
'■ which will be continued to-day and Mon- |
! day.
•
EXTENDED PLANS
FOR DECORATIONS
; Popular Donations of Palms
and Evergreens for Day
Display.
For.a few minutes yesterday, the mem
! bers of the decoration committee were
lon the" horns of a dilemma. Representa
j lives of the Pacific Incandescent Lamp ;
! Company, which has the contract for the
j erection" of the plant for electrical illu- ;
! mination during the reception of the Cal
: ifornia' volunteers, appeared before the,
! committee with the statement that the
i San Francisco Gas and Electric Company
! had refused to make the necessary con-
I nections unless the two-wire system in
j the original contract was changed to con
; form to its three-wire system. This would
I necessitate the purchase of 10.000 extra ■
i feet of copper' wire, costing $271 46. To
1 this would be added $403 26 for 2500 feet of
! weather-proof .-.ire and $885 for labor to
' connect the stringers with the mains, a
1 total of $1669 72. _ _ _.„,,
' The committee did not feel like incur
' ring the extra expense, and invited J. B.
i Crockett, president of the gas company, .
to confer with it. Superintendent Green
: appeared for Mr. Crockett, and' after con
i siderable discussion offered to cut the la-
I bor bill from 1885 to $600, and the bill for
J electric lighting for two nights from $«>_
jto $300. Mr. Green said he would also en
deavor to borrow the 2300 feet of weather
proof wire, which will effect a further
Saving of MO" _.. Added to this, the lamp
1 company ill deduct 1185 for work done
> by the gas company which they were to
i perform. .With, these altered figures the
1 committee found that at an additional
i cost of $771 the decorations could be car
"TWO STANDARDS"
COMPARED BY A
HIGH DIGNITARY
Bishop Montgomery
at St. Paul's.
Right Rev. George Montgomery, Bishop
i of Los Angeles, lectured before a large
audience in St. Paul's Hall last evening
for the benefit of the building fund of
that well-known church. That a large
sum of money was added to the amount
already on hand was evidenced by the
number of persons who crowded the hall
to listen to the lecture.
The reverend father's subject was "The
Two Standards," and for over an hour
he held his auditors Intently interested.
The speaker handled his theme In a mas
terly manner, swaying his audience by
his flashes of humor, pathos and lofty
flights of oratory. Although. the subject
of his lecture was a deep one the Bishop
made It' so plain to his auditors that they
were able to appreciate his thoughts.
Throughout the lecture - the speaker's
sentences were punctuated with loud ap
plause.
Rev. Father M. D. Connolly, pastor of ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Saturday, august 12, 1899.
•>•- .v. V
Christian Froelich .-- " *
T. J. Kelly U ;*' >.
Bon«stell & C 0...... ,J (/
McXott. Kahn & Co M « i
The S. R- I-eavttt Co ;•;:;:: " « *
Unemani Bros w « ()
! B. Frapolli & Co. ---. ™2° V
Stewart Menzlcs & Co WW *
• Wreden, Kohlmoos & Co MOT A
Pascal. Drebadt _ Co WOO V
The E. G. Lyons Co »«• I
H. Bunemann - "> 2 T
C. W. Craig & Co ■ » 00 /)
Royal Eagle Distilleries SS V
Carroll & Carroii ?o 00 *
B. I>- Pike & Co. WOO A
Meyerfleld & Mitchell... MOO (/
Cat-tan. McCarthy &jCo. .... MOT +
Cwmieus Ixxl^tc Xo. KS. I- O. B. B. >
< r r .^...f™^: r -::::::::::: »S £
I*— r _
_£" __• .*>-_ 10 *»i *r*
g^T ::::::::::::::::.::: ww *
M^>Vk'B&sU.vs .Ist mate Gail V
-*
kSSSm"* Jinsen MOT a
A. Crocker i- Bros » 00 (/
Stoll & Van tJersen »00 *
H.BX *^«dv v ;::::== 58j
. ...
VewTor_'iw;liis'<- Packing C 0... MOT X
« H Williar JOO 7
Br.-wn a: Pover :::::::::::: _h_ Q
j. F. Kennedy |« ■*
A. M. Robertson.. - ... T
Elv-ir. H! Mitchell - .„ A
Elder- & Shepard » V" V
\v. K. Vfckery I J" -*
&£ Pleraan :::::::::::::::::: 100 d
:::::::::..:
£r»t Bros 5W *
f^'^-E:'::::::::::::::: sSS A
g^S_SS^:n-::::::::::::: sot *
McLeod * iiatj-e "'."""""irr*" 122 \_
Xmrbauer Bros. -.- |w •*
MetropoHti_i Tailoring Co •< W .
C. .rwn A B.ier | <»
A'.ar.son H. _-h--.ps - _k
Hugbseo «r Merton <, |W
Alexander Yost &Co :::::::::: %_\Q
S* :;:::::::::::::::: 28 *
£-5*5 .- SO A
mmmm w is „
*
Cash . ■•- '* " ofio .0
Mr. Taylor ,™ 1/
William StUl - ... *
James I. Taylor ... * ™ .
Mrs. J. E. Stoddard $ Q
A. McCor- ti _^_
Total to date IW.KO 20 J
» .-. * ■ # *-^*<-¥^*f^*
. ried out as originally contemplated.
chairman W. J- Martin directed the sec- I
= reiafv w communicate and to request
committee to that effect and to request
■ the additional .priaion.
: Chairman de Young of the finance
mittee addressed the decoration commit
tee on the subject of attaching small lan
tern* to the e.eetric lamps to bring out
' ne color effect more strongly. Th- com
: mittee took the matter under advisement
The committee asks for estimates
-to decorate both sides of Market
street along the curbs. The teie
; graph poles will be utilized and covered
with red, white and blue bunting and
'evergreens. Another plan is to stretch
' ten streamers, one in each block, from the
' ferry to the City Hall, raised above the
' electric light lines. These will be tied
! with evergreens on which will be suspend
;ed mottoes, battle scenes, pictures of
j prominent personages and words of wel-
I irma Martin appointed A. Schilling
: a committee of one to procure estimates
• and such information as will enable the
! committee to formulate plans for this
; feature of the decorations.
M , Schilling desires that an appeal be
' made through the press for 2000 Christmas
! tree**" palm leaves and evergreens of all
1 kinds. Parents of the returning volun
■ teers who reside in the interior are espe
! daily requested to contribute- It is un
i derstood that the railroad companies will
; transport the follace free. Mr schilling,
' who requests also the co-operation of nor
; *sts and gardeners, has already received
: substantial proffers of assistance. .
In outlining the plan of day decoration
I Mr. Schilling said that where it was found
: impracticable to decorate the telegraph
! poles after the companies had given tne
i necessary permission, smaller poles would
;be placed at intervals along '•" curbs ,in
; cement barrels tilled with earth and rocks.
; ..... decorated. It is Mr. » hilling s
! intention to make this feature Quite as
interesting as the night decoration.
i Chairman Martin appointed j? Charles
! Hlrsch to confer with th** Harbor Com
■ mi--9ioners regarding the decoration of the
' front of the ferry building. It is under
' stood that certain entrances to the build
: ing will be boarded to avoid draughts, and
''. it is intended to cover the boards with
I decorations. -_ _.
W X Hewitt, superintendent of the hre
' alarm and police telegraph, has volun
j teered to act as the committee's expert;
he will supervise the electrical construe-
I tion for the night exhibition.
The committee will meet again this
I morning at 11 o'clock in the Union Trust
i building.
THE PRESIDENT
TO BE INVITED
Veterans of Two Wars Will
March With Young
Heroes.
The invitation committee of the Native
Sons and Daughters is having prepared
specially engrossed Invitations to the re
ception of the California boys to be sent
to President McKinley, Governor Gage,
Mayor Phelan and to the mayors of other
cities in the State. Within forty-eight
hours invitations ornamented with a sou
venir design, including the bear flag and
the stars and stripes, will be sent to pub
lic officials, Federal, State and municipal,
and to all foreign consuls, to take part
in the parade.
An effort is being made to arrange na
tional divisions to be composed of so
cieties of the same nationality.
Owing to the fact that the parade is
to be a very long one and .It will be late
before it can be dismissed, a. committee
has been deputed to wait Upon the man
agers of the transportation companies to
I arrange for late trains and boats, so that
! persons living within fifty or sixty miles
of the city may have opportunity to re
turn to their homes after viewing the
most magnificent display ever planned In
San Francisco.
What will undoubtedly be one of the
I strongest features of the parade will bo
• a division made up of Mexican war vete
rans and the California Volunteers of '61.
Colonel Wellington C. Burnett, Major Ed-
the church, introduced the distinguished
visitor to his audience, but judging by
the reception he received he was no
stranger In their midst. Father Connolly
said that It gave him great pleasure to
see the large gathering as it was an evi
dence of the Interest everyone was tak
ing in the work about to be commenced.
He alluded to the contemplated erection
of a new church and the remodeling of
the present building for use as a parish
school. He concluded by saying that his
pleasure was increased one thousand fold
1\ the audience's appreciation of Bishop
Montgomery.
Bishop Montgomery prefaced his lecture
by explaining what his subject was
about. He warned the audience that the
standards he was going to discuss were
not the -gold or silver standards, nor was
he going to speak on the fashion of stand
ard.. The speaker's opening sentences
were In a lighter vein and were highly
appreciated by the audience. The gist of
his lecture follows in part:
In the religious world there are two crite
rion** of Judgment or teaching— judg
ment or human reason alone, and a divine au
thority, claimed to be established by God to
teach " religion. My assertion ls that looking
at the religious world at the present time,
private Judgment tends to undermine the
supernatural character of religion. It first be
gan by denying divine authority claimed by
the Catholic church. . It did so in declaring
that the Bible alone, interpreted by human
reason or private judgment, was a sufficient
and infallible guide. In the exercise of that
private Judgment on the Bible it has rejected
one by one as supernatural truths which it
formally held to be supernatural.
Originally, private Judgment claimed that
the whole of the Bible was a divinely Inspired
word of God. . It now claims that It cannot be
any longer held to be wholly the divinely in
j spired word of God; that it is made up very
largely of rubbish and legend and hidden tra
dition, and therefore, it cannot be taken as a
book divinely inspired, but there is a book
in which there is a divine' Inspiration. But
how shall we determine what is divinely In
spired and what Is rubbish, legend and tradi
tion? We must determine that in this way.
We must then revise the Bible and whatever
human reason approves we must claim to be
-Moris Will Md to the Total by Their Songs at tlje Benefifeto Be
Siven .Next.Tuesday Jaig^t at the J_lWmbr«.
win A. Sherman. Captain William M.
Duncan and Sidney J. Loop compose the
committee arranging for a full represen
tation in line of the Mexican war vete
rans, and the attention of the committee
has been called to the fact that the So
ciety of California Volunteers of '61 is
still in existence with a membership of
thirty. Their annual reunion occurs every
April on the anniversary of the day that
General Sumner assumed command of the
Department of the Pacific. It is eminent
ly fitting that these grizzled California
volunteers should be honored in the line
In which will march their youthful suc
cessors in the army of their country.
Grand Marshal Pistoles! and his chief
aid. Alfred Morgenstern. spent ' several
hours on Van Ness avenue yesterday aft
ernoon viewing the- ground.- in order to
get an idea of arrangements necessary to
meet the views of members of.the parade
committee of the citizens' executive com
mittee. They called at the- homes of 'a'
number of the prominent residents on
that thoroughfare to urge the occupants
to decorate and illuminate. All gave
promises that they would comply with
the request. Van Ness avenue from Mar
ket street to Broadway will be a blaze of
-colored lights.
Mrs. Georgie - '. Rvan. grand secretary
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West, called at headquarters yesterday
and said that the Grand Parlor would
take an active interest in the demonstra
tion. - _ ,
General Warfield has placed all the
rooms on the south side of the balcony
floor of the hotel at the disposal of tne
MORE THEATRICAL VOLUNTEERS FOR THE BIG BENEFIT.
Native Sons' and Daughters committees
'A large American flag has been bung
across ; Bush street to indicate the loca
tion of the headquarters. I
St Patrick's Mutual Alliance Associa
tion of California has announced its in
tention of turning out about two hundred
of its members in the parade. ■ »_ a,l i
Rlncon Parlor. Native Sons of the Gold- ;
! en West, in accepting the invitation an
nounces that it will parade 1... members j
Lin a distinctive unnorm and v. ill be . |
i headed by its own band. A. J. Kocca j
j ha« been selected as marshal and J. f.
i Donovan as the aid for thi* parlor. !
i Pacific Parlor. NS. G. -has signified
i its intention of adding its membership.
! with appropriate features, to the division
i of Native Sons of the Golden west.
. A committee of one from each tribe of
the Improved Order of Red Men of the
1 reservation of San Francisco has been I V :
I pointed, and it is ay^ted*^ttaiCTeatJ
chiefs that between 800 and '"*'_ men \v 11 ,
! take part in the parade, many of them In ;
; the costumes of the aborigines. •
The Independent Rifles through J- A. !
i Stan«_< secretary, has Riven notice that
that organization will parade and that it :
; has appointed a committee to arrange all ,
! d J ta, E.' Dillon of Oakland ha-- been ap
pointed marshal, and LB. McMurty aid. I
of Bl: Capital! Division No. 110 of the Or
der of Railway doctors, which has
given notice that it will be on hand to
ggSiSSlfi^S La Fstralla nnd of ■
members of La Estralla end of
Sans Souci.- Parlor of the N. D. G. W .
expressed their willingness to be in the
parade with features suitable to the oc
' Superior Dodge, of the A. O. U. W. has
appointed M. H. Shepuard A. D. Hais
lev C A. Mitchell. -Louis Kline. Joseph
Hagan, C. A. Smyth. J. a Craig. H. Mc-
Dowell. E. H. Lehinny. C. p. Jackson
and A L. Ashland as a committee to
I make arrangements for the lodge to
make a showing in line with other 1-dges
of the Ancient Order of United Work
i men.
RELATIVES PLAN
A BIG AFFAIR
Their Fund Rapidly Growing.
Employment Eureau to
Be Formed.
National Guard Hall, 815 Ellis street.
was crowded last evening at the regular
meeting of the association of parents and
relatives of the First California Volun
teers. Chairman C. [W. Moores called the
meeting to order and announced that
$1413 80 had been collected to date for the
breakfast fund.
A. C. Kohn moved the appointment of a !
committee consisting of representatives!
from each company of the National Guard j
of California to form the nucleus of an
employment bureau to see to It that all
returning soldiers may obtain positions.
This committee will co-operate with an
i other already appointed for a similar ob- I
divinely Inspired, and whatever human reason
rejects we must claim to be rubbish and tra-
Now, the question is: Whose reason shall
determine that or what reason . Is there a
court of human reason to which we may refci
this matter for decision? If that were true It
would be something at least, even if it were
a hidden tribunal, but as a matter of far'
there is no tribunal and the human reason
here spoken of is the human* reason of A— li— <_.
It is the reason of the Christian, of the Jew,
the agnostic, of the out-and-out Infidel. No
man can say on this principle that the agnos
tic and the infidel has not Just the same right
to pronounce it either human or divine. Just as
well as the Christian has. In other words the
Christian will claim that the Bible is divinely
Inspired; the agnostic will say it is not. and
the infidel will claim that there is nothing
divine in it. Therefore, private Judgment or
the exercise of human reason has undermin -U
the supernatural character of religion.
Again, not many years ago. private judg
ment, exercised upon the Holy Bible, declared ,
there was an everlasting, eternal hell, and
that the Catholic doctrine of . purgatory was
a superstition. To-day private Judgment that
exists in religion has rejected the everlasting
hell and accepts the Catholic doctrine of purga
tory. Therefore, the principle of private judg
ment has in the last fifty or one hundred years
undermined and reacted numbers of - truths
that it held as supernatural and divine. IT
that principle continues, the time must come
when it will undermine the whole thing, and
if man wants supernatural religion he must
turn to the old church which teaches that di
vine authority.
Previous to the lecture the church or
chestra, composed of Miss A. Quinn. J.
Kennedy, Miss B. Thiol. Miss O. Thiel,-
J Stone. "R. Howell, W. Healy and ,V.
Zitchel. rendered several numbers. The |
St. Paul's boy choral society sang a wel- |
coming ode; 'Dr. J. G. Morrlssey sang a
tenor solo; Mrs. T. Griffin sang a con- i
tralto solo, and the boy. choral, attired as
miners, sweetly sang "The Miners' Song. ' |
Seated on the platform as guests of j
honor were: Fathers Cummings, Lynch,
Cooper, Hartnett. D. Nugent, Cottle,
Crowley, Morgan, Otis. C. 8. P.: Raphael,
Ramm, O'Ryan, Redehan. O. S. ; Grant, |
Brown, Casey, Collopy. Hennessey. Mr- i
Donell, McDonald, Clancy. O. P.; McKin- ,
non. Lyons. Scanlon. Ragan, McGinty. I
.ject and will be selected by Chairman
I Moores after consultation with the dn
; ferent companies. •_*"»...<
! Bart Burke moved that a committee ot
live 1.,- appointed, to draft "s"^^-^- 0^
I respect for presentation to the parents of
all soldiers who died in the defense rt
, their country. Mr. Burke paid a high
tribute to the character of the California
'Volunteers and was loudly applauded, Ihe
; committee will be appointed later.
The official souvenir badge adopted
the association has been.received **•-? will
be distributed by the .chairmen of the
various company committees IHitoUm.
j Company B on Monday next; companies
' C and G. Tuesday afternoon: Company D. I
I Monday; Company E, Saturday and
! Wednesday afternoons; Company - ,
! Monday and Wednesday afternoons^ Cora
i nanv ■i. Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday.
i Company I. Thursday and Saturday after
! noons; Company K. Wednesday after
i noon: Company L. Wednesday afternoon;
! Company M. Wednesday and Thursday
afterncons: Heavy Artillery, companies A
; and D Wednesday afternoon. The Hos- I
I pital and Signal corps, band, commis- i
I sion*-d and non-commissioned --tan. may j
receive their badges from Secretary Badt. j
I Th«> following subscriptions were re-:
jceived: Medical Mutual F.enerit Associa
[rtlon S10: Deborah Beneficial .Association. I
i $10. Mrs. U. Pass* tt reported the follow- '
ing donations received by the decoration'!
I committee: M. Weiss & Son, 174 flags; [
! Lebenbaum & Co.. 506 Japanese napkins: ;
' O. Kai & Co.. 500 flag nankins and '■'■ •
I small flags: Onldberg. Bowen <lfe Co., s<)o \
I napkins. Floral pieces will be contributed |
iby Mrs. J. off mat:. Miss Cohen. A. Hu- 1
' bert. Serveau Brothers. .1. I-oyual. Cen- |
! tral Florist, A.Stevenson. Blanche Duhem, !
'■ M. Shiblev, Charles Cohen and G. B. j
i Jones. The people of Larkspur will send <
f a carload of ferns.
»
(SIX COMPANIES
TO CONTRIBUTE
Chinese Merchants Eager to
Aid in Plans for the
Reception.
The spirit of patriotic enthusiasm which
has taken possession of Bat Francisco
since the announcement of the early re
turn of the California volunteers from the
Philippines and the preparations for their
reception has penetrated to the innermost
recesses i>f Chinatown. The Chinese citi
; zens of the city are desirous of showing
their appreciation of the valor of the gal
lant Californians.
Congressman Julius Kahn and Collector
of the Port John P. Jackson, representing
the executive council of the finance com- ,
mittee having charge of the work of rais
ing funds for the big reception, last night
visited the headquarters of the Chinese
Six Companies, at 728 Commercial street,
and extended a formal invitation to the
; merchants there represented to partici
pate in the forthcoming celebration and to
contribute financially and otherwise to its
success. The visit of the committee's rep
' resentatives was the result of an Intima
tion that such an act of courtesy would
' be greatly appreciated by the Chinese.
j Promptly at 8 o'clock, the hour fixed for
' the meeting, the representatives of the
i Six Companies were on hand, together
1 with a large delegation of the most prom
! inent merchants of Chinatown. The Six
! Company men. who were seated around
! a large circular table in the center of the
I room, were: Fee Gem Shan, president of i
I the Six Companies, representing the Yung j
. j AYah Company; Chan Sik Chow, repre
senting the Ning Yung Company; On Tin'
Ryan, Sardl and Brothers Ermlnold, Fe
lan, William. Florinus and Vivian. Cap
tain Reillv and the other officers of Com
pany X of the League of the Cross Ca
dets, which is stationed in the parish,
acted as ushers.
ORIGIN OF WARS.
Trifling Causes Often Bring on Con
. Franco-German War.
Many wars have had trifling causes.
A dispatch altered in one or two points
by Bismarck brought on the Franco-
German "conflict. Palmer-ton said fa - '
cetiously that only three men in Eu
rope ever knew what the Schleswig-
Holstein troubles, which led to two
wars, were about, and two of them
died before the conflicts began, while
he, the third man, had forgotten. A
slighting reference by Frederick the*
Great of Prussia to Madame Pompa
dour of France was said to have been
one of the causes of the seven years'
war, sometimes called the "war of the
three petticoats," from the fact that the
Fiance of Pompadour and the Russia
of Catherine II joined the Austria of
Maria Theresa against Frederick.
According to John* Bright, England
and her allies drifted into the Crimean
war without realizing it until after they
got In, and they did not know what
they were fighting for even after they
started,, while it is certain that every
thing which was supposed to have been
fixed by that conflict was disturbed
afterward. The results of the quarter
of a century of wars beginning with
the commencement of the French revo
lution . and ending with Waterloo
."pleased nobody and settled nothing,"
according, to Sheridan. The average
person who lived in those days knew as
little about the causes of the slaughter
Kee. representing the Sam Tup Company ;
V- Tun. "ffn^JS wHSSS
Company; Tan^, Jan ran-. ,
tbe Hop Wo Company; Chun, Tin L.n
Comoanv. and kwan Kwok Jeung. repre-
Bpntincr the Yun Hoi Company.
S When Colonel Jackson /^ggggd-SSE
landing while the visitors were Intro
by Dr! j! E Gardner of the Chinese b_-
re - Americans " he said, "are very proud
no reward we « an f^^ The sp iendid
d°e'nio g n r^r l a^n ?f , Fourth of
July aroused a the city,
lhe , ? U .?-v?L that you would like to par
%_jf3H»
"co.-rws_.an Kahn followed, tadorstag
graceful speaker, in accepting ■...--• ■"•■
fation. he said, the merchants all felt that
anything they could do would be but a
small return for all the benefits they had
received from the United States, and noth
ing like what they would like to do. 1 he>
wfuld do the best they could and hoped
the people would excuse them it tne.
fiiled to meet their expectations.
This dosed the business of the Pothering
and the visitors departed after «chang
in-T meetings with their hosts. The hi-
L n l a uneared to be pleased with the rec-
Stion^xtended to Vhem. and there is no
doubt that they will exert themselves to
the utmost to make a good showing.
SOLDIERS WILL PLAY BALL-
Nebraskans and Union Iron Works Nine
en the Diamond.
The came of baseball for the benefit
fund to celebrate the home coming of the
California volunteers will take place to- j
morrow afternoon at - o'clock at Six
teenth and Folsom streets between the i
Union iron AVcrks team and the nine of
the Firs- Regiment of Nebraska. A large
crowd is expected, as the boys of the ,
Union Iron Works club are working hard;
selling tickets and doing everything in
their power to make a success of the
Captain Kite hie of the Nebraska team
lays that several of his boys Were wound
ed* during their stay in Manila, but that
? rokMe f^£?ve^S_e
■" f r. ters on hand from the regi-
SigSxft folloSng^ a" list of the play-
Nebraska-Shuman. P-^ ch<>r „ B, i?>'
catcher Fitchie (captain), first base; Mc-
Hugh? second base; Traver third ba & e;
Fike --hortstop: Stockton, left field, Shcl-
U* right field; 6boop. center held; extras,
Wriehtmyer, Smith and Camp.
Union Iron Works-Bulger pitcher;
W_Her_ catcher: F. Dalmas, first base.
w-nliobe second base; Carroll, third
l.Vse Merrill, shortstop; P. Dalmas. Lett
fleld-' Crawford, center field; Sandeman,
right field; J. Lang, substitute.
AT THE MANAGERS' MEETING.
It was unanimously decided to honor
Mrs A. 8. Townsend and Mayor Phelan.
as well as Wendell Easton. the auction
eer,' with a page in the souvenir pro
gramme. The souvenir will be the hand
somest ever got up on the Pacific
Coast, and over five thousand copies will
be distributed. '
It is confidently expected that tho
theatrical managers will raise . from
twelve to fifteen thousand dollars as a re
sult of their undertaking. The sale yes
terday was enormous, but there are .-.till a
number of good seats to be had. By
Tuesday the programme will be com
pleted, "and when published it will come
In the nature of a big surprise to those
as old Kaspar did about the battle of
Blenheim when questioned by little
Peterkin.
But the rise of the people to power
in government has had a tendency to
diminish the number of wars. The ex
ample which the United States and
England set when, during Grant's
first administration, they settled
the Alabama claims controversy
by arbitration. is having an in
fluence all over the world. Africa
has been peaceably "* divided up
among several nations in the past
quarter of a century. China is being
partitioned to-day among half a dozen
countries in the same amicable man
ner. The partitioning of North Amer
ica between England and France in
the eighteenth century caused a series
of wars which, with a few short inter
vals, lasted about eighty years. The
Hague gathering may take a further
step toward diminishing what Erasmus
called "the malady of princes."—Les
lie's Weekly. * ;: .-•->>.'
Anti-Epidemic Club.
A club is now being formed in Paris
the members of which swear never to
shake bands with any one unless they
are wearing gloves. Many members ot
the aristocracy have shown their will
ingness to support the organization, and
a fine la to be imposed upon all members
who are caught shaking hands without
gloves. Tho formation of this curious
club is undoubtedly the outcome of a
recent discussion In a French medical
journal. This paper endeavored to show
that disease has occasionally been con
tracted by shaking hands without gloves
$100.00 if you can guess the time
of the arrival of the transport Sher
man with the California Volunteers.
See next Sunday's Call.
v^_\% ■
1 XD J)ADOt
; t'lli. ■ ,!;j : - ■■',- 'a '\\\
Mm Wmm
Mt_mm\ A- r&P-y M_
OF- RE.TORN V
\1 $ JCAL.R£GIMENT A
\ FROM THE P«I_4PPINC_»^^
AUG 'J ST 1899 J?
\y
THE SYMBOL OF KINSHIP*
A badge of yellow sal of' the above
design, countersigned by the president
and secretary of the association, will be
worn by the" relatives of the returning
volunteers on the morning of the- break-
fast at the ferry depot.
who are fortunate enough to be able to
attend. , .
The managers of all the theaters havo
concluded to act as ushers at the bene
fit on Thursday next, and over fifty well
knewn nrofessional ladies will act as
flower girls, at the head of whom will OS
Mrs. John Morrisey, who has been se
lected as the queen. As the programme
commences promptly at 12:.V» and will last
until 6 o'clock, positively no encores will
be permitted. As was announced, smok
ing and drinking on that afternoon at the
Orpheum will be prohibited.
RECEPTION NOTES
The representatives of councils of
Chosen Friends discussed a proposition
to natticipate in the welcome to the re
turning volunteers at a meeting last night
and will Anally determine next Tuesday
night what will be done.
A vaudeville entertainment 'will be given
at the armory. National Guard Hall, .-815
Ellis street, on Wednesday, August 16.
The proceeds will be devoted to -the- break
fast fund. The committee of arrange
ments consists of Mrs. Florence JLawton
and Mrs. Samuel Seymour. ' Some of the,
best amateur and professional talent have
kindly volunteered their services and the
music will be furnished by Professor
Graiber^ mandolin and banjo club. Danc
na will conclude the evening's entertain-
Sfnrknd the price of admission has been,
fi ¥o d u^g tad^ies" institute No 7 has de
cided to extend an invitation to the Cali
fornia Volunteers to be present " a. so
clpl that the institute will give in Native
Sons' Hall on the night of the 31st Inst.
The Native Sons of Marin County have
entered enthusiastically into the Project
for celebrating the return of the Califor
nia Volunteers by giving them a grand
reception, and- all the parlors in the
county will be represented in the parade.
A. joint meeting of delegates from the
three parlors will be held next week, when
definite arrangements will be made-
Woodmen to Parade.
At last night's meeting of the represen
tatives of the eight local camps of the
Order of."VYcodmen of the World It was
decided that there should be one large
float in the division. in the reception pa
rade and that each camp should have
some distinctive feature.
J. \V. Staneart of Golden Gate Camp
was chosen division marshal and the fol
lowing named as his aids: J. W. Hal
led, of Redwood Camp; J. H. Steuart of
Mission. Dr. A. 1.. Hill of Tamalpals; W.
A. Kenny of Richmond; J- O. Hayes of
Western "Addition and A. H. Freund oil
San Francisco. W. Blaisdell of Calumet
Camp and H. 1.. Springer of Wester Ad
dition Camp were selected as aids to the
grand marshal.
The committee will meet next Monday
night in the Odd Fellows' building if it
can be secured. If not. the meeting place
will be announced in the advertising col
umns of The Call.
, SEEK
/_? ' DDfl
For this is tho time of year when the poison-
ous vapors arise, to breed sickness and misery.
It is not alone the marsh lands that give forth
the malarial miasma t poison), for right In the
midst of thickly populated cities this poison
is generated. Shady places, damp cellars, the
digging up of streets, all these are sources oi
the malarial poison. • ■ v - ...
HUDYAN both protects and rescues the sys-
tem from the malarial poison, for HUDYAN"
destroys the malarial -err.:, an.', through its
action upon liver and kidneys, expels the poi-
son from the system Know for yourself If
you have malaria. -Have you frequent head-
ache. (Fig. 1): yellow eyes (Fig. 2); coated
tongue (Fig. 3); aches and pains in joints
(Figs. 4-5); palpitation of heart (Fig. 6); dis-
ordered digestion (Fig. 7); a torpid liver (Fig"
S>? Or have you dizzy spells. tired an-. worn--
out feeling, loss of appetite, costlveness, or
dumb chills? These symptoms prove that you
.*. '. -+' have malaria. HUD-
TAN will are you.
MEN AND . HUDYAN will give
WOMEN ' you strength, a splen-
ADVi S E D did appetite, activity.
FREE. energy. a - general
lADV'SFD appetite, activity.
FREE I energy. a general
r~**_ll or write. **'"" who health , n ma _
cait or write. , ..,., _.. m mi _
"♦" ' -v larial districts and
take HUDYAN are never troubled with this
baneful disease. HUDYAN is for men and
women.
HUDYAN Is for sale by all druggists for 50c
a lockage or six packages for J2 50. - -
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN send
direct to the
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
'■; lor. Stockton, Ellis arid Market Sts., ;-'
f. SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOCTORS
ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF CliAKviA
CALL OR WRITE.MILLIONAIRE
ASSAULTED BY
HIRED THUGS
Mine Owner W. H.
Martin the Victim.
— + —
BEATEN IN BROAD DAYLIGHT
— —
HE IS CONFINED TO HIS ROOMS
AT THE PALACE.
♦
The Affair Has Caused Considerable
Excitement in Local Club Cir
cles, Where Martin Is
Well Known.
\
William H. Martin, the millionaire mine
owner and prominent local clubman, was
brutally beaten yesterday afternoon on
Post street, just above Grant avenue, by
two roughly dressed men whom he be
lieves to be hired thugs. After knocking
Mr. Martin down and kicking him about
the body i**. a brutal fashion, the two men
ran up Post street, making their escape
before the police arrived.
The aged mine owner was picked up in
a semi-conscious condition and assisted
into a -saloon, where stimulants were "riv
en him. His face was badly battered, -md
blood flowed freely from his nose. Mr.
Martin might have been beaten to death
by his assailants were it not for the in
terference of two gentlemen, who saw the
men assaulting Mr. Martin and rushed
to his assistance. When the thugs saw
the men approaching they took a parting
kick, at their prostrate victim and ran
away.
"I am positive that these men were
hired to assault me." said the mine own
er, while willing bands were washing the
blood from his face and applying lotions
to his bruised flesh. "I was on my way
to the Pacific Union Club when the men
accosted me. I don't remember ever hav
ing seen them fore, but I could identify
them easily if they were brought before
mo. One of the men stood in front of me
and the other struck me from behind.
Then they both rained blows on me and
knocked me own."
Much, excitement has been caused in
club circles over the affair, and friends of
the mine owner have been extremely
anxious to keep the details from the po
lio. Martin is a part owner in the famous
Rawhide mine, which has been instru
mental in the past in causing all sorts of
ill feeling and lawsuits among those in
terested in it. For some time a bitter
quarrel has been raging between Martin
and AY. A. Nevills. his partner, and when
Martin was attacked yesterday his club
friends believed that it was the climax of
the row with vills. The intimate
friends of the latter resent this Insinua
tion vehemently. They admit that for
some time past the two millionaires have
been on bad terms, but they declare that
under no circumstances would Nevills
stoop to hiring thugs to attack his ene
mies.
After the assault Martin was removed i
to his apartments at the Palace, and it I
is doubtful whether he will be able to
leave them for several days?. When a
Call reporter called at the Martin apart
ments last evening the old gentleman was
too ill to 1"- seen. His son express) re
gret that the affair had become public
and was unable to throw any light on the
subject.
"My father was brutally assaulted," he
said, 'and the matter is now' in the hands
of the police. His assailants were both
big strong men. and my father believes
from their appearai that they were
'dope" fiends. I know nothing about hi._
quarrel -with Mr. Nevills."
COLEMAN ON TRIAL
BY COURT-MARTIAL
THE WOULD-BE SUICIDE HAS
HIS FIRST HEARING.
Erring Ensign of the lowa Will Be ■
Called to Account for a High
Old Time.
The investigation by court-martial into
the charges against Ensign Coleman of
the lowa, who attempted suicide on
Wednesday night, was begun yesterday
morning at 10 o'clock on board the
cruiser Badger. Owing to Coleman's ex
tremely nervous condition little testimony
was taken and the court gave up its time
to the consideration of minor offenses.
Because of a rather warm time in which !
he indulged while the lowa was on the
dry dock at Port Orchard Coleman was
charged with conduct unbecoming an of- j
ficer. He had been guilty of similar in- 1
discretions before and a record as a rapid ,
liver made his case a particularly (lark
one against him. Either in a fit of
despondency or an attempt to gain sym- !
pathy he attempted suicide by shooting I
on Wednesday night. He was not Injured, I
but his act will result in an investigation '
as to his mental condition, and naval i
people said yesterday that this would
probably occur before his trial on the j
original charges is begun. Coleman was
taken on board the Badger yesterday in :
the lowa's launch. He was guarded by
a file of marines under command of a
sergeant and the party was accompanied
by Captain Terry and Lieutenant Hughes. ,
The officers decline to say when the in- j
vestigation will be resumed.
WRECKED A RESTAURANT.
Two Soldiers Clean Out a Grant- j
Avenue Chophouse.
John Campbell, a soldier, charged with
battery and disturbing the peace, failed •
to appear when his name was called in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday, and a '
bench warrant was issued, for his arrest.
He was found last evening at the Pre
sidio by Policemen Colen and Nelson and
locked up in the City Prison.
On Thursday morning Campbell and an- j
other soldier who has not yet been ar
rested visited a restaurant kept by ,
Nicholas Constantene at 432 Grant av
enue. They called for sandwiches, and I
as they did not show a disposition to pay
for them the proprietor ordered them out
of the place. According to his story, they
then started to wreck the restaurant, con
cluding with smashing him over the head
with a huge ham. Fearing that they In
tended to kill him. the proprietor ran from
his place of business and notified Police
men Colen and Nelson. They arrived in
time to arrest Campbell, but his com- 1
panion had flown. It is expected that he
will be arrested to-day.
Slate Writing Necromancy.
Professor Henry, the conjurer, says that
the supernatural powers slate writing nec-
romancers claim to possess is but the art
of a magician, and that on Sunday at
Glen Park he will prove this fact to his
audience. Professor Henry is billed to ex
pose fortune tellers who reveal secrets of
the future by means of slate writing.
In the free theater the following bill will
also be presented on Sunday: A flying
trapeze performance, by St. Clair; De Jal
ma, the clown acrobat; Arthur Coulton,
the monologist; Flemen and Ward, in a
comedy sketch, and Hugh Romalne, the |
tenor soloist.
■ ♦ ■
Disgusted With Life.
Mrs. Mary Jane Cranford, 18 Dale place,
attempted to commit suicide yesterday
afternoon by swallowing a dose of lauda
num. She will recover through the ef
forts of the attaches at the Receiving
Hospital. She was some years ago de
serted by her husband, John Cranford, a
gambler, who lan the billiard rooms at
Eddy and Powell streets, and who went
RED MEN JOURNEY HERE TO HOLD
THEIR SUPREME LODGE SESSION
PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE INDEPENDENT ORDER.
TO-MORROW there will arrive the
representatives to the Supreme
Lodge of the Independent Order of
Red Men, which is to hold its ses
sion in the Turn Vereln Hall, on Turk
street.
This order of Red Men. one of the
oldest American.- organizations in the
fraternal line, was instituted in Penn
sylvania in 1812, but it did not make
much progress until is:,4. when it was
extended into Maryland, and a number
of subordinate organizations were in
stituted. In 1850 the German element
withdrew from the order and estab
lished what has since been known as
the "Unabhanglger Odern der Roth
manner," or Independent Order of the
Red Men, and Instead of tribe to des
ignate the subordinate bodies, the
name lodge was adopted.
In California the order is represented
by fifteen lodges, under the jurisdiction
of a grand lodge, the officers of which
are: R. Landmann, grand chief; C. N.
Neubourg, under chief; F. Breomer,
vice chief; Charles Kuss, chaplain; B.
S. Sammann, secretary: Joseph Gut
beriet, treasurer; H. Schreiber. mar
shal: C. Drief. r, herald; J. Friske,
guide; J. Klefer, inner guard; H. Beck,
to Seattle. Since then she has been com
pelled to work to support her three chil
dren. The oldest is a boy IS years of age
and the youngest a girl of 9 years.
VALLEY ROAD AFFAIRS.
! Work on the New Ferryboat Moving
But Slowly Toward Completion.
Owing to the delay In receiving material
from the East the Union Iron Works is
not making very satisfactory progress on
the construction of the new ferry boat for
the Valley Road Company. As Mr. Storey
I graphically describes the situation, "The
; Union Iron Works have made a boiler
tube and in the days to come they will
build a boat around it. The lack of ma
terial is due to the congestion of orders
in the Eastern factories, which have more
contracts on their hands than they can
well attend to. However, this state of af
fairs is not expected to last so long that
the passengers over the Valley Road will
be unable to come from Point Richmond
to San Francisco in the new craft some
time next year." . „„.
U The n vessel" : when completed will be 230
feet long with accommodations for over ,
■ six hundred passengers. In the mean-.
time the traffic will be taken care of by
th™ Ocean Wave, the vessel which the
Sad brought down from the north for
[hat purpose and which Is now being
overhauled and ted for the slips at Hay
& Wright's shin yard at Alameda Point.
Plans 8 are now 'under consideration for
remodeling Hatnaway's warehouse the
corner of Harrison and Spear streets so
as to make it useful for a freight depot.
Tracks will be run Into it so that the
I cars can be taken directly from the boat
fnto the depot, where they will unload
IheTr merchandise. When finished this
: freight house will be the only two-storied
structure of Its kind on the coast.
The magnificent passenger station at
Fresno upon which so much money and
labor has been expended, is now tearing
compleuon and it is expected « that -the
end of the second week in October win
seethe last touches put on and the doors
i thrown open for business.
t
TREADWELL WAS ANGRY.
| The Police Judge Attacks His Prose
cuting Attorney in Court.
I John Edwards, a one-armed bunko man.
was convicted by Judge Treadwell on the
i charge of vagrancy and was ordered to
appear for sentence yesterday morning.
When tie- case was called the Judge said
be did not think it right to send a man
with only one arm and with one foot n
the grave to (ail, and thought he would
dismiss the case. He asked Prosecuting
Attorney Carpenter to make a motion . to
i dismiss, but Carpenter replied that the
only motion be could make was for sen
te This angered the Judge and he accused
Carpenter of getting a newspaper to
"roast" him when he showed any mercy
to a defendant In his court. He wished
that he did not have a prosecuting attor
ney and hinted that he would apply tor
a new one. Carpenter kept Ins temper
: and said nothing in reply except that he
was there to do his duty.
The Volunteer Benefit
At the Orpheum will be a grand success,
but there are others. See the benefit one
derives from an outing at El Campo Sun
days The thousands who go there each
week will attest that El Campo air is bet
ter than medicine. There are only a few
more Sundays' this season, and a trip over
there will brace you up for the grand hur
rah when our boys come back.
-'Brick" McPherson Conspiracy.
When the case of Thomas J. Clisham
was again called In Judge Treadwell's
court yesterday afternoon the question
if "Brick" McPherson refusing to answer
Questions on the ground that it might have
a tendency to incriminate and degrade
him was argued and Prosecuting Attor
ney Carpenter said he would sil.mit au
thorities on the matter this morning. The
case was accordingly continued. Nothing
will be done in the case, as no one will
testify. '
The Most Beautiful
Bit of scenery in Golden Gate Park re
produced in exquisite full-page half
tone free with to-day's News Letter.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1899.
outer guard; John Wunder, guard of
the forest: J. It. I.einhardt. C. B. Rode
and L. Krumh. trustees. The member
ship is 1135, of which about 800 are dis
tributed in the ten lodges in San Fran
cisco, while the others are distributed
in the lodges located in Sacramento,
Los Angeles, Oakland, Alameda, San
Jose and Santa Cruz. There is also a
ladies' lodge in this city with a mem
bership of seventy. Mrs. Sarah Weig
enhauser is the chief. The representa
tives from California to the Supreme
Lodge are M. Feutscher, R. Schwartz
and R. Landmann. During the past
year the jurisdiction of California sus
tained a loss gf twenty-three by death,
but by additions the membership is
about as it was last year. There has
been an increase of finance by about
$1000, and the aggregate funds of the
several lodges is $66,643.
The Supreme Lodge, which was
brought to San Francisco through the
efforts of Past Grand Chief Jacob
Rumetsch, who was a representative
to the Supreme session held in Bridge
port, Conn., is composed of representa
tives from the Grand Lodges in the
several States In the Union, who will
be received at the ferry to-morrow
GUATEMALA NOW
EXPERIENCING A
HOT OLD TIME
Cabrera Runs Things
to Suit Himself.
—
ORDERED MANY EXECUTIONS
— • —
NO MAN'S LIFE SAFE— NO PROP
ERTY RIGHTS RESPECTED.
•
Letters That Tell of the Havoc
Caused by One Man in
Less Than a Year's
Time.
*
If the recent reports from Guatemala
are correct, the people of that much
troubled state are having a very exciting
time. Yesterday letters and telegrams
were received here which tell of a finan
cial panic that has sent the exchange on
American gold up to the enormous pre
mium of 750. This premium is not so
much brought about by the superior ex
cellence of the coin of the United States
as it is attributable to the difficulty that
the average citizen has to ho|fi on to
money of any sort under the rapacious
government of President Cabrera. The
entire country is in a state of financial
uneasiness, which is in a great measure
to be attributed to the recent sale of the
Northern Railroad by Cabrera and his
right bower. Morales Tomar. to a New
York syndicate.
It is the law of the country that before
any such sale shall take place the con
sent of the Congress of Guatemala must
be first obtained. Cabrera sold the prop
erty without taking Congress into the
matter in any way. Now he is asking
that body to ratify the transaction and
promising a speedy death to any member
of that august body who dares to say
him nay. From the reputation that the
President has established for a cheerful
willingness to carry out his word to the
letter in all such matters there is but
little doubt that the Congressmen will be
brought to take his view and ratify the
sale. Further disquietude has been occa
sioned by tin- report that has gone abroad
that the New York syndicate will consider
the property attached to the road as
United States property and only subject
to the laws of this country.
This railroad comes within sixty miles
of connecting with the one owned by C.
P Huntington, which runs from San Jose
to Guatemala City; but the country is so
rough that it Is estimated that it will
cost not less than $10,000,000 to close up
the gap. At present the situation in the
Central American state is not such as to
warrant any such investment of capital
In that part of the world.
One of the letters received makes men
tion of the fact that though Cabrera has
not yet been a year in the President's
chair he has succeeded in making a rec
ord for bloodthlrstiness that, has never
before been equaled by any of his prede-
The following is a partial list of those
he lias put to death during his short in
cumbency: Rosindo Santa Cruz, shot at
Tactio; Jose Maria Urbijo, at El Chato;
General Plutarco Bowen, at San Marco;
Colonel Mateo Paz Pinto and his brother,
at Zacapa; G. Morales, at El Rancho;
Commander H. Quesada, at Coatepeque;
Don Bibano Contlllano, at Chlqulmala;
Adrian Victoria, at Teculatan, .and H.
Trejo, Jose Diaz, Prosper Morales and
$100.00 if you can guess the time of the arrival of the transport
Sherman with the California Volunteers. See next Sunday's Call.
morning by the reception committee,
consisting of C. . F. Fahrbach, Charles
Schlestinger, J. B. Reinhardt, C. B.
Rode, L. Krumb, Julius Friske and R.
Landmann. A procession will be
formed, and it will parade along Mar
ket street, Kearny, Bush, Grant ave
nue. Post, Stockton, Market and Turk
Street to Turn A', rein Hall. It is ex
pected that the procession will move
at 9 o'clock. At the hall the commit
tee of arrangements, of which 11. Wol
lert is chairman, will provide a break
fast for the visitors. On Monday they
will be taken in carriages and shown
all the points of interest in the city
park, ocean beach, Ingleside and other
places. On Tuesday there will be an
all-day business session, and in the
evening a banquet in the Claus Spreck
eis building. On Wednesday during the
business session the supreme officers
will be elected, and on Thursday there
will be the closing session and in the
evening a ball In honor of the repre
sentatives in Turn Verein Hall.
- Among the supreme officers who will
arrive to-morrow are: Charles Acker
man grand chief powhattan, the high
est official of the order; Gustav Wahle,
supreme grand secretary, and Philip
Linderking, supreme grand treasurer.
over fifty others who have been shot at
various laces all over the state. Every
one of the victims were men of promi
nence and leaders in the commercial, po
litical and social life of the state. Not
one of them died in battle. They were all
executed at the personal orders of the
President and but few- of them enjoyed
even the semblance of a trial.
Tho country is in a state of genera
panic and the most prominent people are
getting out of the jurisdiction of Cabrera
and to places of safety as fast as they
can. The dictator realizes the detestation
in which he is held and employs a large
fore,- of police for his personal protection.
These men are. well paid and they are
the only ones In the employ of the Gov
ernment that ever get a chance to draw
their wages. The Guatemalan legation
at Washington has not received a cent
of salary for over twelve months.
To judge from the tone of the letters
Guatemala is not a good place for
a man to move to with the idea of bring
ing up a family in peace, quietude and
plenty. __________________
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Christopher Nobmann and
Isaac Johnson Filed.
The will of Christopher Nobmann, who
died on the 4th inst. at Oleander, Fresno
County, leaving an estate valued at $52,000,
was filed for probate yesterday. The be
quests follow: To C. Nobmann, a son,
$500; to Charles E. Nobmann, a son. $500;
to Annie Koope, a daughter, $1000: to
Elina and Hermine Koope. grandchildren,
$500 each; to Mrs. Fred Cars ton, a sister.
$500; to Mrs. Sophie Walters, a sister, $500;
to Mollie Barrett, a sister-in-law, $500.
The residue of the estate was devised to
Hannah Nobmann, widow of the deceased.
Henry Schwarze of Healdsburg is named
as executor.
The will of Isaac Johnson, who died
August 6, leaving property valued at $6000.
has been filed for probate. The estate is
devised .to immediate relatives and friends.
There are no public bequests.
CAUGHT IN SAN JOSE.
Arrest of Two Pretty Girls Who Left
Their Homes.
Two attractive-looking girls, named
Daisy Miller, aged 16 years, and Nathalie
Danforth, aged 15 years, ran away from
their homes in this city last Thursday
and went to San Jose. Their distracted
mothers at once notified Chief Lees, who
detailed Detective Anthony to find them.
Through his efforts they were located In
a disreputable house In the Garden City
and taken into custody. East night they
were brought back and temporarily lodged
!in the City Prison. To-day an effort will
be made to have them sent to some public
i institution. The police intend to prosecute
j the woman in whose house they were
! found, as it is claimed that she enticed
them away from their homes.
In the Divorce Court.
Mattie Garrett has been granted a di
vorce from John C. Garrett on the ground
of desertion. Decrees of divorce have
been granted by Judge Dalngerfield to
Amelia A. Nutter from Ira J. Nutter on
the ground of failure to provide; Henri
etta Friedberg from Charles W. Fried
berg on the grounds of willful neglect
and desertion; and Fannie L. Johnson
from' William Toland Johnson on the
ground of failure to provide. Suits for
divorce on the ground of desertion have
been filed by Carrie Adams against James
Adams and Henrietta L. Titus against
Joseph B. Titus. Judge Belcher has
granted Mrs. Addie Matthews a divorce
from George Matthews on the ground of
cruelty. "-_ •"*'•_'.'
Cake-Walking at the Chutes.
There will be another perambulation by
cakewalkers at the Chutes Theater to
night and Robert McMahon and Annie
Kelly, winners of the diamond medals at
the recent International Cakewalk Car
nival and champions of the Pacific Coast,
will compete with E. A. Brown and Helen
Blum, who have posted a purse of $100
as an earnest of their intention to be
come the champions. C. G. Barr and Clara
La Salle, champions of Dawson City; A.
T Williams and Fannie Russeau, society
walkers, and Fred Kane and Irene Wil
son, juvenile pedestrians, will also par
ticipate in the entertainment.
A HARBOR FOR
ALVISO NOW AN
ASSURED FACT
Work of Dredging to
Begin at Once.
— —
CAPTAIN FRASER'S BIG LOSS
— — -
RAT ATE HIS WAXED MUSTACHE
WHILE HE SLEPT.
«
Captain Taylor of the American Ship
Kenilworth Will Educate His
Children While at Sea-
Notes.
Alviso harbor is to be deepened until
vessels drawing seven feet can enter it
at low water. The Government has the
matter in hand and in a few weeks the
contract for the dredging will be let. The
bids for this work were very far apart,
the lowest being Edward V. McCann,
$12,402, and the highest the Dundon Bridge
and Construction Company, $39,893. The
next lowest to the McCann bid was that
of Marshall Harris, who offered to do the
work for a little over $26,000.
The secret of the groat discrepancies in
the i.ids is found in the fact that McCann
intends using the Jordan rotary dredger
f and excavator. With this he claims he
1 can move fifteen cubic yards of earth a
; minute, while the dredgers at present
in use can only remove one cubic yard of
earth a minute.
The Government, when calling for the
I bids, specified that any kind of dredger
' might be used, and McCann'S opinion.
! which is backed by the American Surety
: Company, is that with the Jordan patent
he can "do the work at 6 cents a cubic
yard and make a profit, while the other
bidders figured that in order to make it
; pay they would require from 13 to 19 cents
; a colli.- yard. . -<•
With seven feet of water in Alviso har
| bor large sternwheel steamers could come
! and go at all hours of the day. This would
j give a water competition to San Jose,
which would mean a great deal for San
[ta Clara County. It would mean a re
| duction of train rates for both passen
gers and freight and that would be ' a
I saving of thousands of dollars monthly
j to the community. All the bids for the
| deepening of the harbor are now in the
i hands of Major Heuer and he will for
ward them to Washington at once.
The schooners Muriel and H. D. Ben
-1 dixen finished a very close and exciting
race yesterday. They left here in com
i pany on July 29 and both were in Puget
: Sound yesterday morning. They must
have raced in company all the way up the
coast and passed in through the Straits
of San Juan de Fuca within an hour or so
of each other. Captains Carlson and Ol
sen had a bet of $luO on the race, but they
will have to do some figuring to find out
i which has won. The telegrams to the
Merchants' Exchange states that the Mu
riel was at Port Blakeley while the H. D.
; Ben dixen was close by in Salmon Bay.
The many friends of Captain Fraser of
the British ship Queen Margaret are won
* dering why he wears his mustache
clipped close these days. The captain
says in explanation that it was a case of
necessity. He went to a reception at
Charles Turner's home the other evening
and before doing so had his mustache
; carefully waxed at a downtown barber's.
After the reception it was too late to re
turn to his ship so the captain put up for
the. night at a hotel. During the early
hours of the morning Captain Fraser
awoke. Something alive was sitting on
j his face and seemed to be paying partic-
I ular attention to his mustache. A sud
, den move on the part of . the skipper
j scared a big rat and as it made for its
I hole Captain Fraser followed. The rat got
j away and Fraser proceeded to view him
; self in the looking-glass. One end of the
1 well waxed mustache was gone and in
start had been made on the other. If
beredictions would kill that rat ought to
have died within the next five minutes.
'i he American ship Kenilworth came
down from Port Costa yesterday loaded
I wan wheat for Europe. During her stay
up the river Captain Taylor hove her
down and had her scraped and painted to
within a few feet of tne keel. lie ex
pects to make a quick passage to Eng
land. * Captain Taylor is taking his wife
and two sons and a governess with him
this trip.
Captain Dorris went out in command of
the transport Morgan City last Thurs
day night. Captain Lombard was taken
lick at the last moment and remained be
hind. The transport Hancock will requ'.re
i. master when she goes into commission
again and the chances are that if he is
well enough Lombard will go out as mas
ter of her.
The transport Warren, with the Colora
do regiment aboard, left Yokohama or
August 1. It will probably be next Tues
day or Wednesday before she gets nere.
Arrangements are being made to give ths
boys a hearty welcome and they witl
know that they are home again when the
San Francisco people are through "vltn
them. y___S:
GAS COMPANY ASKS
FOR MORE MONEY
AMOUNT FIXED IN THE LEVY
NOT ENOUGH.
Perrault and Colonel Sullivan In
dulge in a Lively Political
Tilt.
President J. B. Crockett of the gas com
bine, C. O. G. Miller, secretary of the San
Francisco Gas Improvement Company,
and Attorney Rix appeared before the
Finance Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors yesterday afternoon to plead for
an increase in the gas appropriation fixed
,by the board in the tax levy. The esti
■ mated gas bill for the coming year is $36,
--> 000; the amount appropriated is $30,000.
Mr. Crockett said it was not the extra
■ $6000 he was asking for, but he did object
to the city using $36,000 worth of gas and
then paring down the bills. If the city
Intended to allow only $30,000, he said, he
wanted the Supervisors to make out a list
of the lights they wanted turned out in
order that only that amount of gas might
i be consumed.
Chairman Perrault called in Colonel Sul
! livan to discuss the matter with him. The
colonel announced that the Mayor would
I have been present, but that be was out
| driving with ex-Mayor Strong of New
York. Chairman Perrault asked Colonel!
Sullivan if the Mayor would consent to
lan increase in the gas fund. He said the i
I board had adopted the Mayor's .suggestion
! in fixing the amount, and did not care to !
raise It without his consent. Colonel Sul- ;
livan denied that the Mayor had anything
to do with it. and attempted to unload
all responsibility for the levy upon the '
board. The colonel waxed personal in his
remarks, and a lively tilt between him and
Perrault ensued. The committee finally
requested Mr. Crockett to appear before
the- whole board in open meeting on Mon
day next, when the Mayor would be pres
ent and could give advice upon the propo
sition.
. . . . _. ____. _■_.
Town Talk.
Some inside Information in regard to
the way things are going in the Philip
pines, with the criticism that General Otis
Is conducting his campaign with posters I
rather than bullets, is given in Town
Talk this week. The Saunterer tells all
the floating bits of gossip that are going
the rounds of society and club circles,
and tells how much sensational stuff leaks
out through the servant medium. Clancy
talks about Tuesday's election, and in
"Our Opinion" there is forcible comment
upon the same subject. Alfred Metzger
replies to Dv Pont Syle's question of
whether the art of singing is declining,
and Henry Miller's new Hamlet is dis
cussed in detail. The usual story, sketched
from life, with the interesting miscellany
of verse, jokes and paragraphs about peo
ple we know, together with the worlds of
letters, law. stage and music, make up a
very readable number. *
Melbourne, now the seventh city of
the British Empire, consisted at the
time of Queen Victoria's accession of
thirteen huts.
advee,t:sements. _____
M"l"l in" 1 1 -i 1 1 I'M ,m..m.. . I1II■! I I I 1 1 1 I"H"H' 1111 I H4-
POSITIVELY SPECIAL BARGAINS ! .,
LADIES' HOSIERY.
At IO Cents Pair.
LADIES' TAN AND BLACK COTTON HOSE, with double heels and
soles; full finished; at 10c a pair.
At 25 Cents Pair.
LADIES' FAST-BLACK COTTON HOSE. Imported, with double heels
and soles; In plain and ribbed; at 25c a pair.
CORSETS. "CORSETS.
At $1.00.
21 dozen LADIES' CORSETS, In all the latest models, long, medium
and short; perfect fit guaranteed; black, white, drab, pink and blue;
for $1.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 50 Cents.
About 15 dozen MEN'S FLEECE LINED CAMEL'S HAIR UNDER-
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS (odd sizes): regular $1 quality; will be
closed out this day at 50c each.
BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S CLOTHING.
At SI. OO a Suit.
45 SUITS OF REEFER AND DOUBLE-BREASTED MAKES (sizes
8 to 12 only); these are made from union tweeds in fancy dark brown
• checks and blue cheviot; on special sale to-day at $1 a suit.
—
At $1.25 a Suit.
20 CHILDREN'S MIDDY SUITS, in dark brown tweed and with fancy
braided coats and vests; on special sale to-day at $1 25 a suit.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At 60 Cents- Per Yard.
47-inch ALL PURE WOOL ENGLISH STORM SERGE, extra heavy,
in two different wales; exceptionally good value: at 60c per yard.
At 75 Cents Per Yard.
MOHAIR CREPONS, In a variety of designs: positively a bargain; at
75c per yard. '
At $i.OO Per Yard.
46-inch PIEROLA CLOTHS, in new designs; extra special; at $1 per
yard. m*
RIBBONS^ "iTbBCNS.
At 25 Cents.
No. 40 ALL SILK DOUBLE CORDEDGE SATIN RIBBON; worth 40c;
special at 25c.
VEILINGST" COLLARETTES.
At 25 Cents Per Yard.
18-inch DOTTED CHIFFON VEILING, black, Yale blue, black dota
on white; on special sale at 25c per yard.
At 51. 25 Each.
BLACK LIBERTY SILK COLLARETTES, pleated ends; on sale at
$1 25 each. -y.
BLACK SILKS.
At 75 Cents Per Yard.
22-lnch IMPORTED BLACK TAFFETA (French); extra special value
at 75c per yard.
At Sl-OO Per Yard.
22-Inch EXTRA HEAVY BLACK GROS-GRAIN; rich, soft and
lustrous; wear guaranteed; very exceptional value at $1 per yard.
At Sl.lO Per Yard.
21-inch BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE; soft finish: deep, rich black;
warranted to wear satisfactorily; this satin is a positive bargain
at $1 10 per yard. ; ■
[/[/ Murphy Building , _r
Market and Jones Streets.
GREAT GERMAN OPERA
COMING NEXT SEASON
GADSKI.SEMBRICH, RESZKE AND
OTHER STARS TO APPEAR.
Eames, Brema. Dipple and the New
York Symphony With Paur or
Damrosch Billed.
When the friends of C. W. Strine. the
clever Philadelphia impresario, discov
ered that he had arrived as a member of
the Pennsylvania reception committee
they immediately knew that he had other
plans than those of a patriot. Soon these
suppositions were verified, for It is now
known that he is making arrangements
for a German opera season to take place
at the end of next March or the beginning
of April. . . , ___
Mr. Strine speaks very highly of ban
Francisco as a musical town, especially
regarding grand opera. He proposes to
have a three weeks' season, during which
fifteen performances are to be given.
The«e are to include the following operas:
••Walkure." •'Siegfried." -'Goetterdam
merung," "Tristan and Isolde. Melsler-
Binger* "Tannhauser," "Lohengrin,
"Fidelio.'. "Magic Flute" and "Les No-
C Among the°arilsts are to be: Mme. Gad
ski Marcella Sembrich. Schumann-
Hi'nck Mary Brema, Mattfeld. Olitzka.
The tenor will be Dipple, whose Lohen
grin was such a tremendous success at
Bavreuth; barytones-Edouard de Reszke
and Bisbom; basses-Stehmann and Emil
Fischer. The New York Symphony or
chestra which was here with Melba. is
to be re-engaged and either Emil Paur or
Walter Damrosch will conduct. Inas
much as San Francisco has for some time
! been anxiously waiting for German opera
ths season will no doubt prove a great
success Of course there will be consid
erable expense connected with the trans-
I portion P and support of such a combina
i tion but for this, too, Mr. btrine nas
found a remedy. He will get up a sub
scription list among the many subscrib-
I ers of the Melba season who were so lib
i eral with their patronage, and from late
reriorts he has all reason to believe that
> I p will he successful. The Melba season
j brought over a hundred thousand dollars
! and all he is going to solicit for he Ger
; man opera season is forty to fifty thou
! S Durin 0 g la the Melba season Mr. Strine
sufficient proof of his managerial
>. abil ity and there is no doubt that from
'' an artistic standpoint the season will be
! a great success. Whenever there is any
Reference to grand opera there should
never _be fdrgotten the debt which music
"overs of San Francisco owe to \\ alter
| Morosco. who was quick to give San
Francisco an opportunity to listen to the
! brat season of opera we had here for some
' time It is to be hoped that he will again
! be on his post when the greatest season
of German opera San Francisco has ever
I had will be inaugurated next spring.
__ « ♦ » —
THE WORLD AGAINST HIM.
W. C. Deffren, Out of Money and
Employment, Turned on the
Gas and Died.
W C Deffren, aged 50 years, committed
suicide last Thursday night by turning
on the gas in his room at 215 Seventh
street. He had stopped up all the crev
lees in the door and window with bits
I of paper and cloth, in order that the gas
' might not escape. Deffren had been out
i of work for a long time and owed two
1 months' room rent. He fretted over his
penniless condition and had been very
despondent for a week. ;
The body was found yesterday morning
by Mrs. Briggart. his landlady, and was
taken to the Morgue.
v. ;-■- . .-' — . * ♦ •
Helping Youths' Directory Fair.
I The ladies of the Youths' Directory
bazaar are doing some very good work
in the way of securing valuable prizes to
be raffled during the coming year. Prob
ably the most taking article will be the
grand $350 Curtaz piano, donated by" .he
manufacturer. Over a thousand tickets
are out on this prize alone. The popular
Coast range from Steiger & Kerr and a
handsome silver set from Musgrave, the
jeweler, are among the latest donations.
It is hoped that other business Arms will
give as generously, and thus help this
. worthy cause along.
SAN FRANCISCO IS
WAXING WEALTHY
FOUR HUNDRED MILLION DOL
LARS IN ASSESSMENTS.
The Auditor Submits His Annual
Statement to State Controller
Colgan.
Auditor Wells yesterday completed his
statement of taxable property and Its as
sessment in the city and county of San
Francisco and mailed it to Controller Col
gan at Sacramento. The total assessment
foots up $405,111,615, divided as follows:
Value of real estate other than city and town
lots $3 302,430.
Value of city and town . * $155,912,620.
Value of all the above real estate, $189,215,
--050.
Value of Improvements on real estate other
than city and town lots, $975,500.
Value of improvements on city and town lots,
$95,110.920..
Value of improvements on real estate assessed
to persons other than the owners of real es
tate, $900.
Total value of improvements, $96,090,320.
Total value of real estate, lots and improve
ments. $285,305,370.
Value of personal property other than money
and solvent credits. $75..;>0,940.
Value of money and solvent --edits, $41,310,
--305.
Total value of all the above property, $406,
--111.615.
Bunkoed a Stranger.
Robert Anderson arrived in tho city
from Stockton Thursday and while walk
ing along Market street was approached
by William Russell, a bunko steerer. An
derson was taken to a saloon at 443 Bush
street and was Introduced to the top and
bottom dice game and speedily narted
with $105. He notified the police, and De
tectives Crockett and Graham arrested
Russell yesterday and charged him with
grand larceny.
Pictures of Pennsylvanians.
The return of the Pennsylvania volun
teers Is illustrated in the Wasp this week
in a series of fine photo-engravings for
which the Wasp is noted. The funeral of
Colonel Hawkins is particularly well de
picted. The Wasp treats of the recent
primary election in a humorous cartoon,
showing the change of bosses in the
Democratic party and the present state
of affairs.
LAME BACK
Bi^OES your back
[ ache ?Ha v •
[you dull, drag-
ging pains be-
low your kid-
neys? Etoyou
feel tired and
always want to
sit down? If
you do, you will
find quick and
wonderful re-
lic fin my Elec-
tric Belt It is
nature's rem-
edy for these
troubles. . The
DR. McLAUGHLIN METHOD
of applying electricity gives mo pow-
er to send the strengthening current
directly to the worn-outmußctes, to give
them new life, cause a better circula-
tion, and in a few days a permanent
cure. You wear it while you sleep.
Call and test it free. If you can't,
I will send you my booklet free tell-
ing all about it.
Dr. M. A. McLaughlin
702 Market St.. cor. Kearny. S. F. ;
Burdick Block, cor. Spring and Second
Sts., Los Angeles.
Office Hours— B a. m. to 8:30 p. m.;
Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD LV
DRUG STORES.
56
SATURDAY. AUGUST 12, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 18SS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 18T4.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 cents.
Tern.-, by Mai!. Including: Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), one year... *®"?L
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), « months 3.00
DAILY CALL .including Sunday Call), 8 months X.50
DAILY CALL— Single Month <5 «*C
BUNDAY CALL One Year _'____
WEEKLY CALL One Year LOO
All postmasters aM authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE •**•*-- Broadwa>
.
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
MsMttr Foreifin Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C C CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, »1 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. _
WASHINGTON «D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. U. ENGLISH. Cor-resoondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Woncgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- -00 Hayes street, ooen until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open urjtll 9-30
e'eiock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-
ISA! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock* 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open urjtll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "The Fairy I mother."
Columbia— Brother Officers."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Orpheum— Our Heroes' Fund Benefit, Thursday afternoon,
August 17.
Tivoli— "Trovatore."
Alcazar— "The Lady of Lyons."
Grand Opera House— "Falka."
Chutes, Zoo and Free -Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Putro Baths— Swimming Races, etc.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Glen Park— Grand performance to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
By A. W. rback— This day. at 2:30 o'clock, Turkish
Rugs, at 12.i Geary street.
By S. Watki ns— Monday. August 14, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at 220 Valencia street.
.^«ffi_S__!_s*>^ .
THE GOLD COMES ROLLING IN.
rROM the auction sale of seats for the benefit to
be given by the dramatic stars of the city a
goodly addition has been made to the volun
teers' reception fund, which is now approaching the
$20,000 mark. Assurances are given of aid from other
sources that will add another noble sum to the fund.
Half of the $50,000 asked for by the reception com
mittee is therefore virtually in sight. For the re
maining half let the people respond. There are cer
tainly 25.000 men and women in San Francisco who
will take pleasure in contributing an average of a
dollar each for the purpose of r welcoming the boys
home and assisting them to obtain employment.
Whatever is to be given should be given promptly.
There is no time to lose. The transport bearing the
volunteers is well on her way across the sea and will
be here within a time comparatively short. The en
tire sum asked for should be in the hands of the com
mittee before the close of the coming week. Under
such circumstances to delay in giving will be almost
as had as not to give at all. The emergency calls for
promptness as well as for liberality. He gives twice
who gives quickly, says the old proverb, and never
was. that ancient wisdom more applicable than at this
time.
It is to be borne in mind the money is not to be
expended wholly in parades and festivals. It is the
intention of the committee to assist the boys in find
ing employment after they are mustered out, and a
considerable portion of the fund will also be required
to provide a fitting welcome for other troops on their
turn from the war. A moment's consideration will
show that the sum asked for is none too large for
the purpose in view. It is certainly none too large for
a city of the wealth and population of San Francisco.
Every citizen is expected to contribute to the fund.
The boys are coming. The time is short. Let the
response of the people be prompt.
By reason of the fact that the dollar limit has
crowded Mrs. Grace Harris out of the Morgue, the
duties she .performed will devolve on Coroner Hill's
male deputies. Space-writers on the daily papers will
bless the fortune that dowered them with such a
type-consumer as Mr. Matron Tom Smith-McCor
mick-Sullivan- Flanagan- Gately- Mogan - Lacombe-
Wolfe.
MUSIC AND PATRIOTISM.
UNDER any circumstances the famous Arion
' Society of New York would be welcome to
San Francisco. We are a music-loving peo
ple, a social, hospitable, genial people, and all who
come to us in the goodfellowship of music find a cor
dial welcome. The Arions, however, have promised
to provide an entertainment for the benefit of the
volunteers' reception fund, and in that way have
doubled their welcome. They are with us in the
sympathies of patriotism as well as of music, and
their songs will awaken a responsive chorus even
from those to whom nature has denied the gift of
melody.
The Arions of San Francisco, with their allied Ger
man vereins and singing clubs, could be relied upon
to fitly welcome and entertain their fellow Arions ;
from the East, but that pleasant duty will not be left I
wholly to them. By their ready agreement to join
with us in the popular preparations for the recep
tion of our volunteers the visitors have made them
selves the guests of the whole city. San Francisco
welcomes them in patriotism as well as in harmony.
While they stay with us our city is theirs, and if,
being smaller than their own town of Greater New
York, it should not furnish enough to fill all their
vast capacities for joy, they may take the State. All j
California is theirs.
The officious lieutenant commander of the Brit
ish gunboat Peacock may find that it is more dan
gerous to talk about Uncle Sam's soldiers than it was
to shell unprotected Samoan villages.
The proof that the neighbors of France were will
ing at any time to buy national secrets from any
scoundrel base enough to sell them is not likely to aid
the Czar's dream of peace.
SWINE OND SALVATION.
SEVERAL years ago there append -.3a n '!
Francisco a wonder worker named Dowie.
He hailed from far' New Zealand, and his busi- j
- ness in life was prolonging it by "Christian healing."
He professed to cure all the inherited and acquired
ills of the flesh and bones by a persuasive incanta
tion which induced the sick to think that they were
well. "As a man thinketh, so is he." was interpreted |
j by Dowie to mean that if sick Smith think himself ■
1 well Jones, so is he. \
His career here was more or less checkered— prin- |
I cipally more. As a prophylactic prophet he found an j
j implacable rival in the healing climate of California,
I and finally pulled in his sign and made tracks for i
other fields. These pastures new he found in Chicago. j
I There he has an "institute," with a capacity for five
I hundred people, and it is full all the time, for verily
one of that kind is born into the world every minute. ;
j When his signs and passes failed to repair a rebel- !
I lious liver or remove the remorse of a guilty stomach
he came to putting the blame of failure on a pork :
I diet, and posted on the walls of his mystery mill. '
above the legend, "God Bless Our Home," a tablet
inscribed, "Whosoever eateth of swine flesh or
raiseth hogs is not fit to enter the kingdom of
heaven." Dowie therefore decided to attack the hog
j in his stronghold, for the Berkshire, Poland China,
Suffolk and Chester White root in every square mile ,
of Illinois and the neighboring States, and in that
I city doth not Phil Armour stick ten thousand pigs a ;
I day and turn into money everything from bowels to :
bristles, except the squeal? To attack the hog and
! the processes for his conversion into food and fer
tilizer, hair brushes, bone buttons and sausage cases :
is to pull the foundation from under Chicago and send
j a misery through several States. When the ears of j
j corn heard of Dowie's campaign they grew cross
! grained. The sentiment of those prairie States was !
uttered one time by Hon. Frank Landers of Indiana,
who packed pork, went to Congress, ran for Gov
ernor and bought the Hoosier hog crop. His pack
ciy in Indianapolis was redolent of odors not of
Arab}-. The people revolted and called a big meet
ing in English's opera-house to denounce Landers
and all his works. Orators took the stage and held
up to pity and. protection their noses, disheartened by
breathing the pork-scented air and discolored by the
use of disinfectant remedies. It was a torrid time, but
i some one said fair play was a jewel which shone even
in a sow's ear, and Mr. Landers should be heard.
I That stalwart slaughterer appeared and said: "What
[settled Indianny? Corn and hogs. What built every
j house in this State? Corn and hogs. Whar'd the
j money come from to put up this opry-house. and !
paint them picters of Mr. Shakespeare, Mr. Johnson
i and others of our celebrated countrymen? From
corn and hogs. What eddicated Governor Hendricks
and made Dan Voorhies an orator, and bought Ben
I Harrison's linen breeches an' a coupee to ride from
i Delaware street to his law office? Corn and hogs. !
When I think of what would become of Indianny
! without corn and hogs I think a Hoosier that cair.t
j stand the smell of slarterin pigs ought to be drummed
across the line into Kaintucky to eat blue grass an'
go into the dairy."
That settled it. The crowd voted with effusion
i that the Landers porkhouse was an ornament to the
city.
In the midst of such a community Mr. Dowie has [
\ unfurled the black flag, skull, crossbones and all,
against the hog as a stumbling-block to salvation. :
1 He has sent out evangelists to preach this crusade
right into the heart of the hog region. ■ Two of these,
Mr. Groves, until a year ago a Methodist evangelist, !
and Mr. Holmes, formerly a Methodist elder, selected j
as their field the town of Worthington, Minn.,!
where stood the embattled hog. rooting by the road- !
side. They converted the leading hog breeder, Mr. |
Milton, in whose white clover pasture hundreds of
j hogs were passing their novitiate for the corn finish
' which would fit them to matriculate in Phil Armour'-*
institute in the early winter. Milton was made to j
I feel that these grunters were a team pulling him right j
i straight into that fiery furnace and burning lake de
scribed by his namesake John. He agreed to save j '
j his own bacon by sacrificing that of his hogs, and !
after preparing a wide and deep grave and a tomb- !
j stone inscribed, "Whosoever doth not bear his cross!
i and come after me cannot be my disciple; this !
' monument erected over swine flesh killed for Jesus' j ■
; sake," he and his sons got their Winchesters, the !
: evangelists supplied the prayer and cartridges and the
signal for the first volley, which they said came by
.divine inspiration, and the shooting began, nor j
stopped until every porker had rooted the dust.
The scene had attracted a large number of neigh- j
boring farmers, and when the funeral began they
I threatened to lynch Milton, the evangelists and all j
I concerned.
°
The affair closed by taking Milton before a court
to test his sanity, and notice to the evangelists to root
out of there. This they did after delivering two pray
, ers in the hogpen.
The probable propagation of a fanaticism is shown
by the genuine alarm of the Chicago pork packers
lest this fad spread and materially reduce the hog
crop, and it has already had a bad effect on the price
of corn.
Shades of the great masters of painting! How
they must weep in the great beyond to know that
Colli? P. Huntington, even with purpose to deceive
a willingly deceived Assessor, values their canvases
by .the yard!
BRITISH POLICY IN THE TRANSVAAL.
ONE advantage to the public of the British sys
tem of government by a Ministry responsible
to Parliament is that it enables the opposition j
party to demand an explanation of the policy of the j
Government' upon any issue before the country, and
thus furnish the people with a fair understanding of j
what the Ministers purpose to do. In accord with
this privilege Mr. T. P. O'Connor has asked Joseph
Chamberlain, Secretary of the Colonies, what course
the Salisbury Government has decided upon in deal
ing with the Transvaal, and the' reply has made it '
clear that if the crisis in South Africa pass away with
out a war it will be due more to the diplomacy and '
the courage of the Boers than to any moderation on j
the part of the British. j
Mr. Chamberlain is quoted as saying in the course I
of his reply: "We recognize the grievances of the :
Uitlanders and have said that these grievances are not
merely themselves a serious cause for interposition
I but are a source of danger to the whole of South :
| Africa. We say our predominance is menaced by the
action of the Transvaal in refusing to redress the
grievances or give consideration to requests hitherto
put in the most moderate language of a suzerain
power. We say that this state of things cannot be
tolerated. We have put our hands to the plow and
won't draw back. With that statement I propose tc
rest content."
From that statement it appears the object of the j
British Ministry is not so much to redress the alleged :
wrongs complained of by the Uitlanders as to assert i
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1899.
j British supremacy throughout South Africa and
; suzerainty over the Transvaal. A concession of the
SrJrjvilegqs' demanded by the Uitlandtrs would not,
therefore, end the claims made upon the Boers. The
! British demand of them the virtual surrender of self
government. Their republic is to cease to be inde
pendent and to pass formally under the protectorate
I of Great Britain.
The claim of suzerainty on the part of the British
i is not a new one, and at one time was to some extent
I conceded by the Boers, who did not then foresee
i what would result. They now perceive that from
I suzerainty to sovereignty will be but a short step, and
' that if the right of the British Government to inter
| fere in the local affairs of the Transvaal for the pur
i pose of redressing complaints made by Uitlanders
: against the republic be conceded, it will not be very
; long before there will be no great difference between
! the condition of the Transvaal and that of Egypt.
The Salisbury Government does not expect these
| claims to be conceded willingly. . The dispatch of
j troops to South Africa goes briskly on. From Mr.
' Chamberlain's statement that the issues are "a source
j of danger to the whole of South Africa" it appears
the Ministry fears a general uprising under the lead
of the Boers which would involve even Cape Colony
itself. It is in that light, at any rate, he presents th_
issue to Parliament, to the British public and to the
world. It is essentially a frank statement that Great
Britain is fighting for empire in Africa and the Boers
must surrender their independence or maintain it
against all the power the British can bring against
them.
The whistle should be blown on candidates for the
office of Labor Commissioner, each of whom is con
stantly violating the eight-hour law in an effort to
induce the Governor to appoint him to the place.
GOVERNOR ALTGELD has recently made
his contribution to the Chinese music now
being furnished by the "new Democracy."
The great test of this year is to be made in Ken
] tucky, it seems, not as to the future of the Republi
'■ can party, but as to the grip of the Bryan faction on
the opposition. Altgeld declares that Goebel. the
Democratic candidate for Governor in that State,
"will be ground to powder." This trituration is to
; occur to Goebel because of his "intimacy with the
enemies of Mr. Bryan's friends."
Nothing is said of the ill-starred Goebel's un
soundness on silver, nor of his lack of admiration of
! the crazy quilt pattern of the Chicago platform. But
jhe is merely convivial with the enemies of Mr. j
Bryan's friends. By this the public is left to assume j
that the Blue Grasser says "howdy" to men in the j
party who think there are other pebbles on the poli- j
tical beach besides the orator of the Platte and other |
rivers. It is, therefore, a declaration of war against
all men who are not for Bryan's nomination. They
may be sound on the unsound platform, and may be- ■
lieve wholly in the sacred ratio of 16 to i. They may
desire destruction of the Supreme Court and wish to i
remove all judicial safeguards to the rights of prop- •
■ ertv. But it they are not foresworn to Bryan they j
are to be ground to powder. The Goebelites, when
they heard their doom announced from Chicago, im
mediately flung to the breeze a banner inscribed in j
water colors, "Bryan and Blackburn." But this did j
not seem to secure their acceptance, for Altgeld im
mediately repeated his declaration of war and alluded
to the banner and its legend as "a conspiracy."
He also said that he did not believe that Colonel i
Bryan would support Colonel Goebel. But therein :
he slipped a cog, for when Bryan heard that his name
was on a banner in Kentucky he issued dates for a
stumping tour there in support of Goebel. The Gov
ernor in his first interview went further than to lay j
Goebel low, and gave out a platform for the party, to
be affirmed next year. Some of his declarations on
that subject are remarkable. He favors holding the
Philippines and giving them "a good form of gov
ernment," and seeing that no other power interferes j
with them. But he opposes any increase in the army
as imperialism! Just how the conquest which must
precede any form of government in those islands i;
to be made without an increase in the army is not |
explained. One can see the folly of advocating a i
policy which, in the opinion of the best military
judges, will require a present force of 100,000 soldiers
and permanent garrison of not less than 50,000, and
at the same time denying the use of that military es
tablishment without which the policy itself is un
thinkable. Imperialists will see nothing noxious in
Altgeld's proposed plank. The Republicans, if they |
shall elect to follow imperial standards, will find it \
difficult to do better for that issue than their oppo- j
nents.
The further planks proposed by the Sucker Dic
tator are for Government ownership of everything
that engages the physical and business energies of
the people. He says: "Let the Government take the i
railroads, and all monopolies will begin to totter and ,
some of them will fall." He omits explanation of the
methods by which property that has cost the owners i
eleven billions of dollars is to be taken. But, judging '■
from his known views that whenever a piece of prop- j
erty becomes profitable to its owner it ceases to be- j
long to him, we suppose that a knock will be heard
on the office-door of every railroad, and the Govern- ;
ment will walk in and take a seat, with a full equip- j
ment of conductors, brakemen, engineers and sleep- !
ing-car porters, and immediately take charge. To j
advocate such a scheme as this and oppose imperial- j
ism is to run away from a fugacious kissing bug into
the carnivorous jaws of a Bengal tiger. Imperialism I
is a condition in which government dominates the
people. It comes of the possession of power to dic
tate their fate and subordinate their will. Pray what
difference does it make whether this is done by the !
employment of an army of 150.000 men, or the em- I
ployment of a force of five millions who depend for j
their daily bread on- Government favor and bounty I
and wages, in the gainful occupations of which the !
Government is the owner?
The standard complaint of men like Altgeld
against the large corporate and individual employers I
of labor has been that they control the votes and I
dictate the political action of their men.
When Altgeld unsheaths his spiteful tongue against I
Goebel, because he is friendly to . Democrats who
oppose Bryan's nomination, what may we expect of I
an Altgeld in the Presidency who controls several '\
millions of workingmen, that eat their bread in the I
shelter of Government ownership?
More than one path leads to imperialism, but the j
i shortest trail is Government ownership.
We may get rid of an oppressive standing army,
for it does not often approach the polls, and in any j
event can be outvoted when its support becomes !
oppressive. But what chance will there be against
any Government, no matter how bad, once it is in
power and through Government communism con
trols so many millions of votes?
United States naval authorities have just finished a
new chart of the world. It is not so very long ago j
since the same authorities assisted very materially in j
1 making a new- map of the earth. j
RATTLE-WEED DEMOCRACY.
"Hush/ hush hush! Here comes the Bogie Man;
You'd best lay low — you stand no show,
He'll catch you if he can!" -st. Louis Republic
MINGLING DIVERGENT MANKIND.
Can the Contact ol Two Races
in the Philippines Result
Beneficially to Either?
11,
EDITOR of The Call— Sir: The sec
ond lesson our people have received
but not apparently learned is in our
experience with the negro popula
tion of the United States. They
were originally imported as slaves and
the result of this early expansionist en
terprise was the mingling of the white
race with the black. It produced even
more disastrous results than the mingling
of the white and red. Intelligent people
long ago comprehended that the greatest
evil resulting from slavery was not mere
ly in the existence of occasional cruelty
toward the enslaved race by masters of
extreme brutality. It was realized that
the worst effects were not immediately
apparent and were comprised in the grad
ual debasement of the more civilized mas
ters and the prevention or obstruction of
true civilization among the slaves. The
white man fell and the negro could not
rise.
It is now apparent, since the termina
tion of our Civil "War, that slavery was
only an incidental evil and that its sup
pression at the cost of so many lives did
not remove the source of a dangerous
and annoying condition which necessarily
arises from the mingling in the Southern
States of two divergent varieties of hu
man beings to whom intermarriage is re
pugnant. After the Civil War the Re
publican party with enthusiastic devotion
to the complete freedom of the negro en
deavored to secure and maintain for him
entire Bccial and political liberty. The
result almost produced a new rebellion
and It gradually became apparent that,
like oil and water, the two races could
not unite In any particular. It cou.d not
be a Government by the whites and
blacks. It must be social and political
control by either one or the other. The
more intelligent and powerful race has
naturally become supreme and the ne
groes are actually serfs In the Southern
States, though nominally freemen.
Opposition to this condition and denun
ciation of it have nearly ceased in the
North, for it is beginning to be under
stood that unless we can remove the an
tipathy which exists between the whites
and the blacks there must always be cer
tain evil results from contact between
them. Many of those evils are recorded
in the history of negro slavery In the
United States. The existence of the white
and the black together in the South de
veloped a race of aristocratic masters
ruling a race of ignorant slaves who must
be kept In ignorance tq insure their con
tinuous servility. .It developed the inev
itable mongrel as a frequent product,
whose servile existence under such condi
tions becomes a torture exquisite in pro
portion to his resemblance to the domi
nant race, it produced the "poor white
trash," a social factor whose status was
even worse than that of the slaves. The
charactenof a nation being merely a com
posite picture embodying the character
istics of its Individuals, slavery was de
basing the United States, for every ne
gro born within its borders made the na
tion worse and weaker.
The evil effects of white and black con
tact culminated finally In the Civil War,
in which every soldier who died on either
side paid the penalty for the sins and folly
of our ancestors, who were blinded to
future results by their own greed for what
they supposed to be immediate advan
tage The introduction of negroes tor
mented the nation with sectional animosi
ties for fifty years. It stagnated the in
dustrial life of the Soutnern States so
that they are still far behind any. other
part of the country in the development of
their resources and in all kinds of social
efficiency It held in miserable subjection
not alone the blacks of the primitive Afri
can type but also thousands of wretched
creatures of mongrel types In whom the
mingling of Caucasian blood had devel
oped aspirations which made slavery to
them a hell on earth. Its evil effects
spread from the slave-holding sections
into the national life till it cursed the na
tion with accumulated wrong and the war
of the rebellion came as a purifying fire
to warn us of these crimes against na
ture. We paid dearly In the- blood of
North and South for the sins of our pro
genitors.
And we are not done yet making pay
ment. Some millions of negroes still re
main among us in political and social sub
jection. The Inevitable mongrel is being
bred into a world in which he finds him
self neither white nor black, and where he
is sure of mental torture in proportion to
the intelligence which he may possess.
Every time a white man is murdered or a
woman outraged by brutal negroes in the
South every time a Southern mob horri
fies the world by torturing and burning a
negro, we pay again for the mistakes of our
predecessors and register another protest
against the mingling of different races.
Bitter antagonism still exists between the
two races in the South, a condition of
suppressed warfare Is manifested, and the
evils are not likely to be abated except by
the separation of the two races, or by the
disappearance of the antipathy which pre
vents amalgamation.
A third, lesson of experience is com
prised In the immigration of the Chinese
to the Pacific Coast. At first Chinese
immigration was popular; their cheap
labor was welcomed by all, just as
slavery was at one time satisfactory to
North as well as South. Then we dis
covered, first In the West and later In the
East, that their presence here would be a
I curse to the American people, and they
were barred out by stringent laws against
j their immigration. And why would they
; prove to be a curse?
Not particularly because they are im
: moral, for in certain forms of morality,
i notably in their industrious habits and
I their temperate use of intoxicants, the
Chinese are superior to the whites. Not
particularly because they were supplant
ing the labor of our own people by sub
stituting cheaper labor, for European Im
! migrants had been doing that for a cen
tury. The real reason at the basis of ail
opposition to Chinese immigration is the
fact that they are a divergent variety, it
i not yet a distinct species, of human be
; ings," with whom we instinctively refuse
; to intermarry, although, alas for human
i frailty. the antipathy is not sufflciently
j general to prevent the occasional appear-
I ance of the Inevitable mongrel.
Had the Chinese been of our own race
: their appearance in America would not
■ have been more objectionable than the
! immigration of millions of Europeans,
1 who come here willing at first to work
; for lower wages than our population, and
I satisfied at first with a lower standard
of living. Had the Chinese been Cau
casians they would have soon adopted
our customs and ideas, changed their
standard of living as Europeans have
done, demanded and received better
wages, and thus ceased to be the rat
like competitors of whom we have justly
complained. In the absence of racial dis
tinctions their union by intermarriage
with our people would have permitted
their children to become absorbed ac
ceptably Into the great composite associa
tion termed the American people and
there would have been no "Chinese ques
tion. "
As it was, however, the inevitable war
of races had already commenced on the
Pacific Coast in the boycotts and riots
when immigration was fortunately re
stricted. The condition proved that race
wars. belong not alone to the South, but
, occur whenever two antagonistic races
are brought together. The people of the
North were never more moral than those
I of the South. They were merely fortunate
in escaping contact with a divergent race.
The people of the Bast, who at one time
■ blamed the Western people for antago
] nism to the Chinese, were no better than
we are or were. They merely did not.
and perhaps do not now. comprehend the
entire significance of race contact. Our
people escaped the final calamities of as
sociation with the Chinese, but they ex
perienced enough to understand that a
mixture of the white with the yellow race
would result quite as disastrous to both
as contact between, the white and the
black. It remains now to consider con
tact with the brown race. _
GEORGE A. RICHARDSON.
Placerville. Aug. 5. 1599.
THANK THE CALL.
Editor of The Call: The Grand Circle
of the Companions of the Forest of Amer
ica of California, recognizing that the
San Francisco Call has done a great deal
of good to the order by placing before
the public report? of the proceedings of
the various circles of the order in a fair
and Interesting manner, hereby tenders
a vote of thanks to the management of
the San Francisco Call for the interest
shown in the work of this order and in
fraternal work generally.
MRS. FLORA JACOBS,
. Grand Chief Companion.
MRS. K. AGEE.
* Grand Sub-Chief Companion.
AGNES D. BREMER,
Grand Financial Secretary.
San Francisco, Aug. 8, 1599.
GROUND THE
CORRIDORS
H. Dubbers, a lawyer of Bakersfleld, is
at the Russ.
L. D. Jacks, a Santa Rosa capitalist, Is
at the Grand.
Rev. James J. Hynes of Marysvllle is
a guest at the Lick.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah is at the-
Lick, accompanied by his son.
Mark L. McDonald, the Santa Rosa cap
italist, is a guest at the Occidental.
James E. Bell, a big mill owner of Ever
ett, Wash., is staying at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Gerlach of Stockton are
among the recent arrivals at the Grand.
W. C. Oressy. a wealthy merchant of
San Jose, is registered at the California.
Barney Murphy has come up from his
home in San Jose and is staying at the
Lick.
L. R. Poundstone, a big merchant of
Canyon, is among the late arrivals at the
Grand. ; L
Amos Hill, a mining man of Trinity
County, is one of the recent arrivals at
the Russ.
W. H. McCHntock, a mine superintend
ent of Sonora, is one of the»late arrivals
at the Lick.
J. J. Trabucco, District Attorney of
Mariposa County, is registered at the Lick
for a short stay In the city. _«_"•-•
S. Solon Holl, one of the leading attor
neys of Sacramento, is at the Grand,
where he arrived last evening.
T. J. Field, a Monterey banker and cap
italist, Is a guest at the Palace, where
he arrived yesterday morning.
Mr. and Mrs. L. A. Crane of Santa Cruz
have returned from their honeymoon trip
to Portland and are registered at the Pal
ace. ".}.'•".
George H. Fisher, a large orchardist and
land owner of Santa Cruz, is a guest at
the Russ." Mrs. Fisher accompanies her
husband.
Gilford Plnchot, the forestry expert of
the Department of Agriculture, returned
• * ..._*.
to the city last evening and registered at
the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. J. P. Watklns of Sacra
mento are among those who yesterday
registered at the Occidental.
Mrs. C. M. Moses of Denver, wife of
Lieutenant Colonel Moses of the Color
ado regiment, is at the Occidental await
ing the return of her husband.
At the Palace are registered 130 mem
bers of the New York Arion Society, who
arrived here yesterday to attend their
convention now being held in this city.
John M. South, formerly proprietor of
the San Luis Obispo Mirror, and latterly
a well-known member of the typographi
cal fraternity of this city, leaves this
morning to embark in a newspaper enter
prise at Madera, in the San Joaquin Val
ley.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW TORK, Aug. 11;— J. H. Marshall
of San Francisco is at the Imperial; Dr.
C. M. Richter of San Francisco is at the
Manhattan; L. E. Scherer of Los Ange
les is at the Marlborough.
CALIFORNIANS IN" WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Aug. James F.
Smalley and wife of San Francisco are at
the Wellington. J. M. Thurston of San
Francisco is at the Arlington.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POLYTECHNIC HIGH SCHOOL— S..
City. One desiring to enter the Polytech
nic High School in San Francisco for the
purpose of taking any course must pre
sent either a certificate of graduation
from a grammar school or undergo an
examination, of which information will
be given by the principal.
A COIN OF PORTUGAL— O. J. C, Oak
land, Cal. A reis piece of Portugal
coined in 1*23 may be obtained at from
30 to 50 cents, and from that you may
judge of the value of the piece you pos
sess. Twenty reis is equal to 2 cents.
The valuation fixed by the United State
on a mllreis piece is $1 OS.
AGNOSTIC— J. X., City. An agnostic is
one of a class of thinkers who disclaim
any knowledge of God or of the ultimate
nature of things. They hold that human
knowledge Is limited to experience and
that since the absolute and unconditioned.
If it exists at all. cannot fall within ex
perience we have no right to assert any
thing whatever in regard to it.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY— Placer
ville, Cal. If you will write to the regis
trar at the Leland Stanford Jr. Univer
sity, Palo Alto. Santa Clara County. Cal..
you will be furnished with a circular of
information which will tell you all that
you may desire to know about the rules
and regulations as to admission and
about studies and accommodations for
students.
MEDALS— J. R., City. The medals and
certificates which are to be given out
by the committee of the Native Sons are
for those who during the Spanish-Amer
ican war volunteered in the State of Cal
ifornia. The medals will not be given
to men who enlisted in 1595 and during
the war were assigned to duty in Ma
nila. The medals will be given to all
volunteers, army or navy, irrespective "of
the locality in which the volunteer was
born.
PENSIONERS— J. A. M., City. The sta
tistics in this city of the various asked
about countries except the United States
do not give the number of pensioners, but
give the amount paid in pensions. The
number in the United States June 30, 1898,
was 993,714, and the amount paid $145,74S -
865 65. The pensions in the arm" In Eng
land amount to £1,355.600 per year. France
—Military pensions. 129,204.000 francs; vari
ous pensions, 70,325,600 francs; Legion of
Honor. 10,998,820 francs; for war veterans,
8,700,000 francs. Germany— Pensions of the
army of the Empire, 53,774.896 thalers*
navy. 2,881,540 thalers; civil pensions. 1,424 -
370 thalers. Russia, 58,306,000 rubles.
» ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
■ • ■
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ «
Accidental Death.
Dr. Hill held an inquest yesterday on
the body of Dr. George B. McLay at the
late residence of the deceased, 2430 Mis
sion street. Dr. Sobey, the attending
physician, testified that he had been
treating the deceased for several months
for insomnia and had prescribed mor
phine. He had no doubt that the death
of Dr. McLay was an accident.
« ♦ ■
President McKinley and His Wife
Will travel over the Northern Pacific Railway
when they visit the famous Yellowstone Park.
They Intend viewing the new geyser that
spouts a tremendous stream of boiling water
to the height of the Call building. It. 4
wonderful sight. Send 6c In stamps for "book
telling all about it to T. K. ST.ATELER, Gen.
Agt., 63S Market St.. S. F. '._.
■ » ■
Very Low Rates East.
On August 29 and 30. the popular -"ante Fe
route will sell tickets to Philadelphia and re
turn at the very low rate of $S8 85. Occa
sion, National Encampment. G. A. R. Call at
$U Market st. for full particulars.
■ ♦ » . '
Avoid all danger of disease from drinking
Impure water by adding 10 to 20 drops of Dr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters to a glass. '._■BOTH PARTIES FAVOR
EARLY CONVENTIONS
Central League Republicans Meet for an
Ail-Around Hand-Shake,
Fine Display of Political Strategy by Gavin
McNab — Phelanites Are Alarmed at the
Mention of Louis Sloss Jr. as a
Candidate for Mayor.
DISTRICT committeemen of the
Central Republican League as
sembled at headquarters in the
Grand Hotel last evening. for a
handshake. The district losers
as well as the winners were invited to
the meeting. Men who lost after mak
ing a gallant fight were congratulated
on their energy and loyalty. The win
ners were praised for the success
«ehievt_d, and all were happy. It was
the sense "( the assembled members
that the delegates acknowledging alle
giance to the league should be called to
gether as soon as they receive from the
Registrar their certificates of election.
The sentiment in favor of an early
convention is gaining strength. There
is apprehension that the old bosses may
attempt to unite the delegates who
were not elected by the league Indorse
ment. The number of such delegates ap
proximate one hundred, and in the
hands of a leader of skill and dexterity
might be converted into a dangerous
wedge. Good reasons are, therefore.
submitted for an early meeting erf the
majority to discuss plans for directing
the affairs of the convention before em
barrassing agreements can be made in
the interest .*f candidates aspiring for
nation. There was some talk yes
terday of bringing forward Henry J.
Crocker for Mayor. The name of Phil
Lillienthal of the Anglo-Californian
Hank was also mentioned. When the
name of Louis Sloss Jr. was suggest*
the ■ telanites were so alarmed that
one of the Mayor's subsidized evening
papers published the following:
During the past few da. there have
been many rumors that certain Republi
cans had been asked to run for the office
now held by Mr. Phelan and thai they
had declined". The leaders of the "Cen
trals," as they are now called, say that
it any one has been asked it has been
solely upon the asker's own responsibility.
No person or committee has been dele
gated to seek out a candidate. Neverthe
less, some Republicans have been ap
proached on this subject. Louis'*' gloss Jr.
is one of these. A zeal Republican
visited him an i asked him to "get Into the
fight." saying in the presence of Mr. Sloss'
father, "We want you because you are
the only man who could beat Phelan."
"Why should we want to beat Mr.
Phelai asked Mr. Sloss the elder. "He
has made a good Mayor. We do not want
to beat him.
No such interview as the foregoing j
represents has taken place during the •
compaign. Louis Sloss Jr. is now in
Alaska, and has not been in San
Francisco since he left here for the j
north three months ago. Should Louis j
Sloss Jr. enter the contest as the i
standard bearer of the Republicans;
Mayor .Phelan would know before the
votes were counted that there had j
been a campaign.
One year ago it was almost the uni- j
versal talk that Maguire, the Little !
Giant, who had never known defeat, !
could not be conquered, Defeat was not |
all that Maguire suffered. He was be- [
trayed in the homes of his political
friends. It frequently happens that the
"invincible candidate who is nomi- j
nated before his convention assembles
loses the election.
Gavin McNab, the leader of the Dem- I
ocracy, is now about to display a stroke j
of political genius that will provoke the •
Examiner's wrath and rage. He has !
decided to convene the executive com- .
mittee of the Committee of One Hun- j
dred next Tuesday evening. Following
his directions, the committee will issue ■
a call for an early convention. The I
present programme provides that Jas- j
per McDonald shall be chairman of the
nominating convention, but in this re- !
spect the slate may be changed. The j
assembled delegates will not proceed at J
once ro nominate candidates for office. I
! How •■••- '■"■■■ Yaqui Indians killed Two 2
How the Yaqui Indians Killed Two |
. A _-r»_-_. _--«_- -> •-_<_- The Most Brutal Murder -*)
> Americans. of the Year. %
I 1 _=_-_ 2
j — 9
*-* 9
■i \ J_l
J* I A San Francisco M n ©
XJ WhoWasaSchoo- 9
X. mate of Drey us. American' •
N, American J
__yj& Xv Tne Most Stunning Woman ye 5
jdgr"^ y. Ever Seen on the San q
r*f x Francisco Stage. Chinese J
tf-^-d X The Man Who Earns Children ©
& X 100 a Minute by •
V I _^ l __r\ a n " in •
\ r \ i our •
\ *£\*\ $ Pub!ic •
x/\V- X + Schools. ©
X Jr X •
\ V*\ ©
X *-__r )■"___ X •
X -* __?-*--*_. X be Facts of ©
X. ___rJ_\ _r X. '■• Ie Case - 9
\y) X 5
X J I X •
Thrilling \ g& \ I
Chapters x _$_! *-* x •
from X ___r _9 -• X X •
From \^_T^ „ \ •
Stephen Th = Latest Addition X «*J-*-> \ I
OL.piieil t0 Our Navy. X \JT \
CraneS he HousekeeDers' X ff/%. X •
LateSt Department. V■/ X^
StOry, Fashions for School Girls X, C^ __^
"Active And a Dozen ot,, '--  X^ »_^ __i
Big Features. 9l _^r
Service." X C
Genevieve Green Tells^^ ■
of Her Experiences
in Ireland.
. ©s
What Will Be the Exact Time of the Arrival <
of the California Volunteers? %
9
$100 to the person who can guess It. See Next Sunday's Call. 0
___________ -_——_— ______._-_-___»_-__-_■----------- 1 © -
* ©
aa-H_Aa______fifia«-fiffi_)A_)fi(%fi aa&9QQ99&9€.99999
Mr. McNab has more important work
than that in hand. He will . have a
county committee chosen to govern the
party before Buckley, Rainey and the
Examiner can get in their work on dis
appointed aspirants. Gavin McNab is
fully apprised of the Examiner's special
anxiety to gain control of the Demo
cratic reins and will adjust the ques
tions of future management at t. 3 out
set. There will be a legion of "turned
down" candidates before the convention
winds up. Mr. McNab will see to it that
the opportunity shall not be given to
them to get revenge by kicking against
a county committee programme. The
committee is to be selected before nomi
nations are made. A programme in the
hands of a master may be changed to
meet exigencies, hence Gavin McNab
may relax if the convention shows signs
of extreme resentment. But he did not
relax at Sacramento a year ago. when
Major Harney was reviled by Mayor
Phelan and when a large body of Dem
ocrats was excluded from the State
convention. Mr. McNab is firm in one
position. He is determined that the offi
cial organization of the party under his
leadership shall not be used by the Ex
aminer to give Hearst a trading dele
gation in the Democratic national con
vention. Every one going to the Mills
building for political Inspiration comes
away clearly convinced on that point.
Passed Complimentary Resolution.
At the regular meeting of the Iroquois
Club held last evening the following res-
I olution was adopted:
j Resolved. That the thanks of the Iroquois
; Club be and they are hereby tendered to the
■ Election Commissioners of the city and county
or Ban Francisco: to the Registrar of said cltv
I and county and also to the election officers for
I their honest and efficient conduct at the recent
I primary election.
j Charles Sweigert. Max Popper. Charles
| Gildea and ... P. E. Troy addressed the
j meeting on political issues. William Me-
Mann presided and D. J. Gordon was sec
iretary-
CUPID'S RIVAL
(Apologies to Shakesbeer.)
Lightly turns the young man's fancy—
At the time of gentle spring —
To his love for little Nancy,
And his heart goes ding-a-ding.
Spring has went and summer's came.
Water running down his spine;
Love for Nancy on the wane,
Young man's fancy out of line.
Love not in it very queer —
Now his idol's something wet;
Love supplanted by Blatz Beer.
Springtime fancy off. you bet.
— Peck's Sun, Milwaukee.
■ ♦ ■
He Knew How to Take It.
Here is a story which Is vouched for by
a local Standard Oil official. It concerns
a certain superintendent who ,'was sent up
to the company's works at Whiting to
oversee matters. One morning as he was
strolling about with his eves open he dis
covered an Irisnman laying pipe in the
customary excavation. The superintend
ent is a very irascible man. In addition
to thin, he has a wonderful command of
sulphurous language. Something about
the man's work displeased him. and he
suddenly opened up. or. rather down, on
the poor fellow with all his heaviest ma
teria!. But though he condemned him to
perdition in a dozen different ways, the
man in the ditch never so much as looked
up. If he had been deaf and dumb he
couldn't have taken his roasting more
stolidly. The superintendent stfddenly
pulled up In his wild tirade.
"See here, my man." he roared, "don't
you know I'm giving you hell?" •
The pipe-layer paused. Slightly turning
his head, he squinted up at the superin
tendent.
"An' ain't I takin' it like a little mon?"
he quietly asked.— Cleveland Plain Dealer.
. ♦ ■
Russia wants to borrow money In the
London market for the purpose of ex
tending her railways.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12. 1890.
LEAPT TO HER DEATH
FROM A FIRE-ESCAPE
MISS MARY McKENNA.
lf\\Jr\ a demented woman
II )( \ about "'■ years of age,
li Jn_ \j> took a horrible plunge to
death from the fourth
story of St. Mary's Hospital last
evening. As in most cases of its
kind, the aged woman's body was
not mangled, and she lived for
nearly an hour after she had
struck the ground. A broken leg
and possibly a fracture of the
backbone were all the external in
juries received In the fall. Noth
ing interrupted the descent of the
ROMAN EXCAVATIONS.
' Result of the Recent Work Done in
the Forum.
When the Pelloux Ministry was
formed at the end of June, and Signor
Bacelli became Minister of Public In
struction, it was assumed by the arche
ologlsts that something would be done
to push forward the work of excava
tion and arrangement of the classical
remains in the Forum museum, and
that the well-known enthusiasm of
Signor Bacelli for all that belongs to
the history of Rome would be suffi
j cient to overcome the objections cer
tain to be raised on the score of ex
[ pense.
I remember walking around the Pala
j tine hill one hot morning in July and
hearing the speculations of the guard
ians and the ciceroni as to what could
be done if Signor Bacelli had his way,
had enough money at his disposal and
remained long enough in office to carry
through his plans.
Signor Bacelli did not disappoint ex
■ pectations, but a great proportion of
the credit for the discoveries lately
: made is due to Signor Boni, a Venetian
engineer and architect, who is animated
by a passion for archeology in general
i and the Forum in particular The
means at his disposal were small, being
only 5000 lire (less than £200), and when
it is seen what Signor Bon! has done
; for that amount, in conjunction with
the fact that the gilt letters placed on
the Pantheon during Signor Bacelli's
last term of office cost £300, it will be
admitted that on the present occasion
' Italy has obtained good results at a
cheap price and with an absence of
Jobbery.
First, below the floor of the temple
of Vesta four brick walls were discov
ered (probably built in the time of Ha
drian), which form a kind of chamber.
Searchers for marble in the sixteenth
century may have spoiled one of the
walls. The chamber is supposed to
have served as a depository for the
ashes of the sacred lire, which were
taken from the temple once a year.
No discoveries, properly so called,
were made on this site, which stands
at the northwest of the house of the
Vestals, but the inscribed frieze and
the capitals and bases of columns and
pilasters were replaced in their orig
inal positions.
In the neighborhood of this monu
ment the really important discoveries
began. In front of the temple was a
wall built of tufa. Between that wall
and the hemicycle of the front wall of j
the temple was found the core of the i
base of the honorary column which,
after Caesar's murder, was set up I
parentipatriae. This column was built
of the marble known as giallo antlco.
The core of the base is made of con
crete formed with chips of giallo antico
and of gray Carrara marble. The fact
of this base being in concrete seems to
show, according to some archeological
authorities, that the fragments now
found must be a reconstruction and not
the original one, as concrete was not
used at the time of Julius Caesar.
Several fragments of the recon
structed Temple of Julius Caesar have
been found in a retaining wall, which
forms a kind of embankment to that
side of the Forum. They seem to have
been built into the wall indiscriminate
ly, as were also several pieces of the
Basilica Emilia. One of these frag
ments, nearly a cubic yard in size, is
very finely decorated with a bull's skull
or boucranion. The wall or embank
ment in which these blocks have been
found must be made up in great part
of simlarly interesting remains, but ex
cavations have had to be suspended on
acccount of a protest lodged with the
Government by the dwellers In the
wretched little houses which stand on
the brow of the embankment itself."
The only way out of the difficulty would
be to have money enough to expropriate
these tumble-down buildings and re
move them. Here is a chance for
wealthy archeologists to intervene, buy
the wretched hovels and make a present
of them to the archeological authori
ties. ' :--;V
Xiper I_apls in <^omitlo locum funcstum
SlKiilflcat ut all Romull murti destinatum.
Wrote Festus, the commentator of the
writings of Flaccus. The Comitium
was a kind of open-air lobby or Salle
dcs Pas Perdus for the Roman Senate.
Near the Comitium Signor Boni found
a black stone, or rather a pavement of
black marble, three meters seventy-five
centimeters by four meters in extent.
The slab- of black stone are very thick.
[ni^j^yj^ENJmJl
body, and while It struck with a ©
thud on the pavement seventy feet I
below there was not an evidence of 9
blood or disfigurement on any part. I
Miss McKenna was brought to 9
the hospital from the San Fran- J
Cisco Sanitarium by P. J. Gegan, a 9
carpenter at 5 Bowie avenue, I
Thursday afternoon. The physi- ©
clans who were in charge inquired I
if she were demented, but they ©
were assured by Gegan that she I
was not, and only needed a little •
rest and treatment for melancho- I
lia. Thursday night the physi- 9
cians observed that she acted pecu- •
liarly and paced the floor. They •
decided to let her remain for an- !
other day to ascertain whether or 9
not insanity was her ailment. '
Last night about 5 o'clock Mrs. 9
Sweeney, another inmate of the 1
ward in which Miss McKenna had •
been placed, noticed the latter '
climb out of the window and bend y
over the tire escape at the fourth _
story. She called for her to come y
in, but noting that no attention i
was paid to her request shouted y
for one of tile attendants. Before ~
help could arrive the unfortunate y
woman had deliberately swung '
herself clear of the iron framework 9
and into space. Mrs. Corcoran and I
Mrs. Davidson were also in the eg)
room when the terrible act was i
committed. The body of Miss Mc- A
Kenna was picked up, and when y
life was found not to be extinct I
every effort was made to relieve her 9
sufferings. In spite of all medical |
skill, the hapless woman passed 0
away at 6:30. Deputies La Combe j
and Flanigan were _ummoned from A
the Coroner's office and conveyed y
the body to the Morgue. Miss Mc- _
Kenna was a native of Ireland, and 9
is said to have formerly resided at I
1212 Larkin street. She had no (_}
known relatives In this city. j
Miss McKenna owned property gj
at Stevenson and Seventh streets y
and had $31.00 deposited in a local '
bank. 9
" " •• ** 9 9 9 V
I The pavement Itself was protected by
I a curb of travertino, or ordinary Ro
man stone, and in the fourth or fifth
' century a marble fence was erected
around the curb, which evidently im-
I plies that some tradition of sanctity
I hung about the spot. As the use of
I black marble for such purposes is most
unusual there can scarcely be any
doubt that this black stone is what
'■ was called in the old days "The Tomb
of Romulus." The origin of the stone
,is still uncertain. In order to settle the
question as to its geological classifica
tion Signor Boni has had one fragment
■ polished — a process which has rendered
:it perfectly evident that the stone is
I marble. Whether it came from Greece
I or from the Pyrenees is uncertain, but
j in many chateaux in Savoy 1 remem-
I ber having seen chimney pieces made of
marble from a quarry in the Savoy
Alps of precisely similar black marble,
with veins arranged in exactly the same
way, except that they were yellow in
color instead of being white like the
i veins of the "Niger Lapis." Explora
tions are being carefully made under
the Niger Lapis in the Forum, and Sig
-1 nor Boni is convinced that construc
tions of some kind exist beneath it.
What they are is not yet certain, but
we shall know before long. Quite close
to .the Niger Lapis have been found
j numerous medieval wells, which are be
ing pumped out. These wells are lined
; with fragments of marble, much of it
; ninth century work, probably taken
from the original Church of Sergio and
! Bacco. These wells show how short
the supply of water must have been in
i medieval Rome. The Tiber was putrid,
j the aqueducts had been cut and wells
; were sunk close to the Cloaca Maxima,
the main sewer of Rome.
During the operations in the Forum a
road which bounded the north side of
the Forum has been held bare. This
I road was known to exist, but had never
been exposed. Signor Boni is inclined
|to think that it is the original Via
i Sacra, and that its discovery will neces
i sitate Important modifications in the
topography of the Forum.
In addition to these important discov-
I cries much work has been done. The
i basement of the Temple of Saturn has
! been strengthened with iron bars, which
. were much needed. One of the fourth
' century honorary columns has been set
, up again, and another one will soon be
j erected. The opening into the Cloaca
i Maxima has very wisely been closed.
j The entrance to the Forum has been
f changed, and in future visitors will no
longer descend over the platform of
j the Temple of Castor and Pollux, as
has been their path for many years,
but will go down by a new staircase
on to the Vicus Tuscus— that street
where the Etruscan merchants had
their shops and sold incense, looking
glasses and dainties, wrapping up their
wares— according to Horace — with tlr.
verses of the minor poets. The Church
of Saints Cosmas and Damian, orig
inally the Temple of Romulus, will be
redeemed, restored to its original form
and probably used as a small museum.
Excavations are still in progress and
further discoveries are anticipated. —
Rome Correspondence London News.
WORTHLESS MAN.
That Failed to Put in an Appearance
at a Wedding.
The colored people of a little Georgia
community were mightily excited about a
wedding' that was to take place among
them. None were more so than old Aunt
Sarah, whose skill In cookery had been
flattered by a request that she should
make the cake. She was fully convinced
that the whole success of the wedding de-
E ended on that cake, and she devoted all
her art to making it perfect. After the
wedding was over one of Aunt Sarah's
white friends happened to meet her, and
asked how everything had gone.
"Oh, I tell yer," she said, "It was just
the bestest wedln' ever you saw. I didn't
never see nothln' like it." .■■■--,■--_
--"And was the cake good?"
"Good! M-m-m! Everybody said dey
didn't never eat a weddin' cake like dat
one!". ■. •'.•'..-*
"And how did the bride, look?"
"Oh, jes lubly. lubly! All dressed out in
white, wid archificial orange blossoms in
her hair! And den de bridesmaids!
M-m-m! Eight ob 'em, all dressed in v a L
ler and carryin* big bouquets! And den de
dancin'! Well, it jest ain't no use tryin'
to tell you 'bout it. Dey can't nobody
know mi-fin' 'bout it, only dem what saw
it."
"And how did the bridegroom look?"
"How who look?"
"The bridegroom— how did he look?"
"Oh, de bridegroom— yas—de bridegroom,
Why now what you think? Dat 'ar ye..
less nigger man ain't put In no 'pearance j
at all."— New York Tribune. _
BOX OF GOLD
STOLEN FROM
A STEAMSHIP
Robbery on the Currie Liner
Argus Similar to That
on the Alameda.
NO CLEWTO THIEF
, — *. —
Sailor Who Jumped Overboard and
Was Drowned Believed to Have
Been the Culprit.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 11.— News has
reached here from Sydney, at which
port it was reported by the Currie liner
Argus of the theft of a box of gold from
the steamer Koningin Regente— a rob
bery similar to that which occurred on
the steamer Alameda.
The steamer arrived at Batavia on
the 4th of last month from Holland via
the Suez, and at once reported that a
box containing £4000 in gold for the
Java Bank had been stolen. The box
with the gold was put on board at
Southampton and was deposited in the
strong room, the key of which is in the
custody of the captain and kept in a
chest. Whether this key was taken out
i of the chest or whether a false key
was used remains doubtful. The rob
bery was so well carried out that it
was not discovered until just after the
steamer had left Genoa. The investiga
tion that followed brought little more
i to light than suspicions against some of
the crew. A search for the money on
the supposition that it was hidden on
board proved fruitless.
A few days afterward the solution of
the mystery seemed near at hand. In
the Suez Canal one of the crew had let
himself down into the water at night
and was never seen again. News came
shortly afterward that he had been
drowned. No. long afterward two sol
diers belonging to a military detach
ment jumped overboard. They were
pursued, captured and brought back.
Naturally these attempts to escape
j were brought into connection with the
1 robbery. It was inferred that the
drowned sailor was the robber. On the
surmise that he had taken the treasure
box also, so that it had disappeared
with him in the water the canal was
dragged but nothing was found.
On the arrival of the steamer at Bata
via notice of the robbery was given.
i Some Europeans belonging to the crew
were suspected of having had a hand
in it. The Public Prosecutor and the
police conducted an investigation on
board. Nothing further was known at
the date the mail left Batavia by the
steamer for Sydney.
Noted Visitors at Zinkand's.
Arion Verein will be well represented at
I Zlnkand' for the next few days. •
■ ♦ ■
WATCHING A TORNADO.
*
As It Swept Over a Big City Like
the Whirling of a Big Peg Top.
Have you ever seen a tornado in opera
tion—watched its course from a safe dis
; tance and noticed the awful phe
nomena attending its progress? One
sultry Sunday afternoon' in June I
was standing in front of the Kan
sas City Central Police Station chat
ting with the late Thomas M. Speers,
then, and for many years, Chief of Police
of the Western Missouri metropolis. We
were grumbling at the intolerable heat
j and the Chief who had been a frontiers
| man in his youth; was assuring all comers
| that "Death's Valley" and the hottest
, holes in the sunken desert of the far West
could not beat it. Suddenly a mysterious
gloom came down over the city— a creepy
i feeling at the roots of the hair. For an
! Instant the sultry calm became more on
pressive than ever, and to breathe seemed
to require an effort. Then little vagrant
currents of air darted hither and yon ap
parently with no definite purpose Or des
tination! in view. Glancing about our gaze
shortly rested on a yellowish cloud that
was crossing the city some ten or a dozen
blocks away. Its form and motion sug
gested an enormous peg top Inclined at a
sharp angle, but spinning merrily along.
At the distance from where we were ob
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This week has brought a larger sub-
scription to Union-Consolidated Oil stock
than expect* _.
No More Will Be Sold at $3.50 Per
Share After August 15th.
All who have Investigated believe as we
do. that every dollar Invested now will be
worth at least a hundred the moment we
strike oil. We are right in the wonderful
Panoche belt, and the leading experts de-
clare our land positively oil bearing. Wells
are to tie sunk at once and oil is predicted
at 600 feet, A few shares purchased now
may make a fortune that years of hard
work, self-denial and saving could never
accumulate.
Prospectus With Full Particulars Fre?.
UNION CONSOLIDATED OIL AND
TRANSPORTATION CO.,
322-323 Parrott Building, San Francisco.
__B lßS&^___\&&_9_*_h_
■^T°l6 T "- ->
Choicest Fruits.Wines.Yege-
- tab Grains & Grasses
p- HP (-ALIFORN__VT _^
:/V GK&Kt SWC& SWWJ.
fl^ic jsj D\tertair\mer\t.
EXHIBITS TRANSPORTED fREB
Excursion Kates To Visitors.
WliiTßfO R l >ARTICUL * R ' s.
HT^ J. SHIELDS ,
, <_S_CR_.TA„V, fRESWBn
serving it its progress seemed slow, but
a little calculation afterward showed that
it had crossed the entire breadth of the
city in a very few minutes.
"Looks like a California waterspout,"
said Speers— "No. it's an old twister, and
there's bell in it."
A moment later mounted policemen were
galloping up to report a cyclone, tele
phone calls for ambulances, patrol wagons
and help were pouring in. Are alarms were
summoning the department for work
among the wreckage and crowds were
hurrying to the scene of destruction. The
tornado had crossed the city in almost
as straight a line as if its trail had been
surveyed and staked out for it in ad
vance. For almost the entire distance Its
track was between Fourteenth and
Fifteenth streets, and hardly a house in
the two or three miles of Its spin across
the city escaped damage. On the hilltops
it made complete wreckage of everything
in its path: in the depressions there was
mucn It ss damage, as it seemed to lump
from hill to hill. Brick structures suffered
most: some of them, notably one or two
churches, -being reduced almost to powder.
| Marvelous as it may seem, there were not
I more than seven or eight persons killed,
and perhaps five times as many more or
less seriously hurt. The damage to prop
erty amounted to hundreds of thousands
of dollars.
Before the great cloud of dust raised by
the terrific besom's work had cleared
away, the sun was shining, the atmos
phere was calm and deliriously cool and
nature smiled as innocently as if tragedy
j formed no part of the repertoire.—Minne
apolis Times.
Trials of a Press Agent.
"Oh. it's nice to be a press agent," said
! one of that happy tribe the other day.
; "Here I have been putting in all my time
this morning trying to convince two
: dramatic critics and four managing cdi
! tors that our show is the best thing that
! ever opened in the town, and I have been
called the biggest liar on earth by all but
i one of them. Such practical unanimity
: makes a man. think there may be some-
I thing in the proposition."
"What did the sixth man tell you?"
"He wouldn't see me at all. He had
: been to the show."— Chicago Post.
A_dui__J__ENTS.
OUR HEROES' FUND BENEFIT!
WELCOME TO OUR
....Returning Volunteers....
THERE ARE GOOD SEATS LEFT
FOR THE
MONSTER BENEFIT
AT THE ORPHEUM
THURSDAY AFTERNOON - - - AUGUST 17th.
BUT YOU MUST GET THEM TO-DAY!
THIS WONDERFUL AGGREGATION OF TALENT WILL DO THE WORK.
HENRY MILLER AND COMPANY!
BLANCHE BATES AND THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
THE TIVOLI GRAND OPERA COMPANY'
THE ALCAZAR STOCK COMPANY.
THE MOROSCO OPERA COMPANY.
CLAY CLEMENT AND COMPANY.
SPECIALTIES FROM THE ORPHEUM.
SPECIALTIES FROM THE CHUTES.
B__ J ( A REAL CIRCUS.
linn GREAT ORIGINAL CAKEWALK.
nllU ' A HUNDRED SURPRIScS.
notice: !
The First Continuous Performance on the Pacific Coast, Commencing
at 12:30 o'clock P. M. and Ending with 6 o'clock P.M.
PRICES FOR RESERVED SEATS. $1 and J2.
ALL ORDERS FOR RESERVED SEATS NOW IN BOX-OFFICE MUST BE
GALLED FOR Br 6 P. M. TO-DAY,
<^tsm_
' ! MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), Aug. 12.
' i Parquet, 25c. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chll-
' ! dren, 10c, any part.
! SEVEN NEW PEOPLE ! NINE NEW ACTS !
MLLE. ALEXANDRA DAGMAR,
The World's Most Famous Warbler.
1 THE DEONZOS.
ALDEN AND HILL.
I LINTON AND McINTYRE.
: THE BIOGRAPH.
■ I IDALENE COTTON AND NICK LONG.
• ! JOS. ADELMAN.
DAVE MEIER.
PHOITES PANTOMIME. Last week.
\ CALIFORNIA THEATER.
'. THE PRETTIEST MATINEE PLAY IN THE CITY.
; MISS BLANCHE BATES
AND HER EXCELLENT COMPANY.
Presented by T. DANIEL FRAWLEY.
In Clinton Stuart's Fantastic Comedy,
THE FAIRY GODMOTHER.
NOTICE THIS WONDERFUL REPERTOIRE
FOR NEXT WEEK.
Next Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday and Thurs-
day Nights,
"LONDON ASSURANCE."
Rest of Farewell Week,
"A© YOU LIKE IT,"
-***" Blanche Bates as "Rosalind."
Wednesday Afternoon, August 16. Farewell
Testimonial to BLANCHE BATES. First
Time on the Pacific Coast of Ibsen's
"HE D l ""**-* GABLER."
SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPHS Thursdiy Eve., Aug 17
COLUMBIA THEATER.
HENRY MILLER
SEASON.
j MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT— Last Time.
BROTHEROFFICERS
August 14 — Farewell week of
HENRY MILLER SEASON.
i REPERTOIRE:
1 I Monday and Tuesday
. ! THE ADVENTURE OF THE LADY URSULA
Special Matinee Tuesday— Bill
; "Heartsease" (entire) and the one-act play,
i "Frederic Lemaitre." Beginning at 1:45 sharp.
Wednesday and Thursday .."HEARTSEASE"
Friday and Saturday evenings and Satur-
day matinee "THE i_IARS"
BASEBALL!
San Jose
vs.
Oakland
TO-DAY AT 3 T*. M.
SUNDAY AT 2:3oF*_ M.
RECREATION park,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION, 25 CENTS
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO GRAND
STAND.
CONCERTS AND RESO&TS.
4-UTi.O _•__..
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION' lie. CHILDREN sc.
Bathing. Including Admission ______ Children We.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
] le a Great Restorative, lnvigorator and Ncr-
; vine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid.
| neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits, j
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.'
i *___ Market street. S. F. — (Send lot Circular.. I
' *T *. !VtISC£tLANEOUS. ■
Ml OBSTINATE
EYE DISEASE
Cured by Dr. Aborn After Resisting
Ordinary Treatment for Nine
Years.
The remarkable success of Dr. Aborn.
554 Sutter street, in the treatment of dis-
eases of the eye, ear, head, throat and
lungs attracted wide attention In this city
thirty years ago. One of these cases came
under the observation of a reporter yes-
terday. It was that of T. Sullivan of 9
Geary street, who was cured of a chronic
disease of the eye of nine years' standing.
Mr. Sullivan says:
SAX FRANCISCO. Aug. S. 1599.
This is to certify that Dr. Aborn cured me of
a painful disease of my eyes thirty years ago.
and they have remained permanently well ever
since. I suffered for nine years prior to treat-
ing with Dr. Aborn and had been treated by
several well-known : physicians. I was also
treated at the Eye Infirmary In New York with-
out even temporary relief. Dr. Aborn cured
me permanently In two weeks' time. I would
recommend all who are afflicted with any dis-
ease of the eyes to apply to him. I give this
testimonial voluntarily out of gratitude to Dr.
Aborn. I can be seen any day at my place of
business, 9 Geary street, second floor, room 23.
business. No. 9 Geary street, second floor,
room 22.
T. SULLIVAN.
Dr. Aborn, 554 Sutter street, invites all
who have been suffering from chronic
and obstinate diseases of the eye, ear,
head, 'throat and lungs, heart, liver, etc..
especially such cases as have resisted the
ordinary methods of treatment, for free
consultation. The hours are from 9:30 to
12 and from 2 to 4.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 53»
ALL THIS WEEK!
Magnificent Presentation of Chassaigne's
"FALKA"
The prettiest of all Comic Operas.
Orchestra 35c and 50c I Family Circle 15c
Dress Circle Gallery 10c
At Saturday matiness. best reserved seat, 25c.
Branch box office — Main entrance Emporium.
NEXT WEEK. "DOROTHY"
ALCAZAR™™
ONLY 2 MQRE NIGHTS!
MATINEE TO-DAY.
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported 'by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
In Lord Lytton's Drama,
"THE LADY
OF LYONS"
PRICES 15c, 25c. 35c, 50c.
NEXT WEEK— "UNDER TWO FLAGS."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND OPERA SEASON!
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
M FAUST,"
MADAME DE PABQU-.L- A3 MARGUERITE
Baron Berthald as Faust; Signor Wanrell as
Mephlsto; William Mertens as Valentine; Miss
Beckwith as Slebel.
"FAUST" REPEATED SUNDAY NIGHT.
A Performance Which Should Not Be Missed!
NOTHING LIKE IT HEARD IN YEARS!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
"TROVrtTORE.-'
WITH A FAMOUS CAST OF SINGERS.
NEXT WEEK— "TROVATORE," by general
request four times. Beethoven's only opera,
"FIDELIO," four performances.
POPULAR PRICES— 2S AND 30 CENTS,
Telephone, Bush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING!
BIG VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-DAY-CHILDREN'S DAY!
FREE CONCESSIONS BEFORE 2:30 P.M.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
GRAND CAKE WALK
Participated In by E. A. BROWN and
HELEN BLUM. ROBERT McMAHON and
ANNIE KELLY, and OTHER CHAMPIONS.
Reserved Seats by Phone. Stelner 1851.
GLEN PARK.
SAN MATEO CARS DIRECT.
THIS SUNDAY— FREE THEATRE
SPIRITUALISM EXPOSED *
By PROFESSOR HENRY, the Weil-Known
Magician.
PUEMEN AND WARD,
In a Laughable Sketch.
ST. CLAIR,
The Celebrated Aerial Ist.
/ARTHUR COULTON,
In Monologue Specialties.
DE J /-__-*»_/-.
The Clown Acrobat. ;.'.■_•■•
HUGH RO /VIA INE,
. The Tenor Soloist. .. .."v. :'■'
ATHLETIC COMPETITIONS FOR CASH PKIZS3.
Prize Pigeon Race*.
ADMISSION KM.
78
A CLAMBAKE
TO TEMPT THE
CORINTHIANS
San Franciscos Plan Another
Race From Vallejo.
Amended Challenge for the Perpetual
Cup Has Been Accepted by
Tiburon Yachtsmen.
Having abandoned the cruise to Belmont
Slough to meet the South Bay yachtsmen,
the Corinthians sailed up to McNears
Landing last Saturday, about eight or ten
boats following the flagship, On Sunday
the fleet cruised to Point Pinole, and came
down to Tiburon under a reef. The prac- ;
tice of reeling is becoming more general
on the bay than heretofore, it having been
found that a boat makes better weather
In a tiff breeze when its sail area Is some
what reduced.
To-day is an open date, and to-morrow
the annual clambake will be given at the
clubhouse at Tiburon, under the manage
ment of Port Captain John 11. Keefe.
Next Saturday, tne 19th inst., the summer
cruise up the Sacramento River begins.
Commodore Carl Westerfeld Will be joined
by three or four yachts, the owners of
which have arranged to take their sum
mer vacations together.
At a meeting of the directors of the San
Francisco Yacht Club held on Monday it
was decided to amend the challenge pre**
viouslv sent to the Corinthians for the
perpetual challenge cup. The challenging
boat is Matthew Turner's -'.adder, which
lias a beam of -■•■• feet, a water-line length
of 24.^1 feet and a sail area the square
root of which is 26.50 feet, thus giving a
sailing length of 25.50 feet.. On Wednesday
Secreiarv i. L. Miner, after a special
meeting "of the Corinthian directors, held
to discuss the matter, prepared a letter
of accept Ihe measurement of the
challenging boat is not quite exact, as sev
eral alterations will be made to tit her for
the contest but the Corinthians accepted
25 50 feet as the Gadder's minimum sailing |
length. The challenger is a boat of very
light draught, and it is not unlikely that
an iron keel ma> be put on her and her
sail plan enlarged. As the defending yacht
must i, d be more than 10 per cent larger
than tile challenger, the limit of the
Corinthian boat is a racing length of 28.05
feet The sloop Aeolus, the racing length
of which is Lit.'. 1 feet. is accordingly un- i
available as a defender, as her owners
would be unwilling to alter the sail plan
or water-line length of a boat in such
excellent trim. J. W. Few's Truant, the
racing length of which is 29.24 feet. also
exceeds the limit. W. J. Humphrey's
sloop Mignon (25.94 feet) is nearer, but Is
still a little too large. The Phoenicia, for
merly owned by R. R. l'Hommedieu and S.
«' Delamater, has a racing length of 22.3-1 i
feet, and though she never displayed great j
speed on this bay she had a most success- j
ful racing career in New York and Yoko- j
bama. P. W. Hurndall's sloop Merope
.22.70 feet) is the boat most available at
present as a defender, but nothing has
• been definitely- settled .is yet. According
to the deed of gift not less than thirty nor
more than sixty lays after the date of the
challenge the nice must take place, the
da. being not later than September MO.
A committee from each club will settle
the details, and has power to postpone
the race for not more than two weeks
from the date lirst fixed. No time is set
within which, the defender must be nom
inated, and so far as the conditions of the
deed of gift show the nomination might
be mad.- on the morning of the race. Ow
ing to the Infrequency of regattas on the |
bay not many chances occur of testing I
the merits of the yachts under varying .
conditions of wind and tide, so it is quit" :
likolv thai the Corinthians will have a
trvoilt of the possible defenders at the
regatta of the Pacific Interclub Yacht
Association on September 9. The yacht
selected will be placed at the disposal of i
ho club, which will bear all the expense
of altering the boat and putting her into
trim.
The S._n Francisco yachtsmen also aban
doned the south bay cruise last Sunday,
and several of them sailed in the upper
bay Among these were J. R. Savory's,
sloop Juanita, Commodore T. L. Hill's
sloop Cygnus and A. Sutherland's sloop
Catherine: The sloop Will-o'-the-Wisp
anchored off Marin Islands. A. Suther
land cut himself badly in the leg with a
knife, and had to be brought ashore for |
treatment; he has recovered. - -- *
The San Francisco Yacht Club has a I
hop at the clubhouse on its programme I
for the 19th inst.. but as it has been de- I
cided to substitute for the annua! regatta •
en the 20th a race from Vallejo to Sau-
ilito, it will l" necessary for the fleet to
make Man Island next Saturday night.
. As on the occasion if the successful trial
of speed from Mare Island to the club
house on May 21. each boat will receive
a time allowance based on its racing
length. John D. Spreckeis' schooner Lur
line will be. the scratch boat and will start j
last.
McConnell TO meet
franey, THE boxer
The Meeting of the Popular We ter-
Weights Is Expected to Result
in Good Sport.
Frank McConnell and Jim Franey will
box twenty .-ids in the National Ath
letic Club arena. Woodward's Pavilion]
next Wednesday evening. Preceding this
"Doc" Flynn and "Jack" Kane and
"Jack" Funis aid "Jack"* McMahon will
box ten rounds each.
Franey mad many friends in his dash
ing fight with Charlie Goff, who proved
to,, big and too strong for him, however.
Franey was aggressive to the bitter end,
a class of boxing which is always admired
by the ring-goers of this city.
McConnell should be cherry ripe for the
bout, as he has been in training for some
Tim.-. lie was ready to enter the ring with
Al Neill some weeks since, when tin- lat
ter was Injured and the bout was declared
off. Since then he has taken only suf
ficient exercise to keep on edge.
Hiram B. Cook will act as referee.
Herman Oelrichs. th.- well-known patron
of boxing, has informed John A Ham
mersmith, leader of the Olympic Club,
thai he will offer four more belts next
year for amateur championship bouts in
the various .lasses.
Al Neill is still confined to his home by
the sprained ankle he sustained at Vallejo
while boxing with Tom Sharkey.
The friends of Cocker Tweedie. the
clever Australian boxer, have arranged a
benefit for him. It will be given at the
Observatory Athletic Club, on Telegraph
Hill, on the 22d inst. A big programme
is being arranged. Young Mitchell will
act as referee. ■
CANNOT SELL VENISON
UNDER PENALTY OF LAW
There is a law on the statute books
which makes it a misdemeanor for any
one to sell de. meat. Paul Wlchrowski,
proprietor of. the Occidental restaurant,
on Bush street, learned of this law yes
terday when he was arrested by c. a. Vo
gelsang and John Davis, deputies Fish
and Came Commissioners. The two went
to the place for their luncheon, when their
attention was attracted by seeing on the
bill of fare the special announcement that
"venison saute" was among the luxuries
of the house. Two plates of the article
were ordered. The bill was paid and the
sale of the goods was complete.
When the warrant for toe arrest was
served upon the restaurant keeper he was
willing to have it that the venison, was
raised upon the wilds of Telegraph Hill,
where it had fattened on tin cans and old
shoes. Upon being questioned as to where
he procured the deer meat he stated that
several days ago Supervisors Black and
Phelps had been shooting in Marin County
and that a part of the gam.- had been sent
to the Occidental restaurant to be cooked
for the benefit of several of the officials'
friends. After the official feast the Su
pervisors told him he could have what
was left. These "scraps" Wlchrowski had
converted into a stew which he -aye the
aristocratic French name of "saute." This
was what his patrons had been devouring
under the impression that they were In
dulging in a luxury.
- Elaborate preparations are being mado
for a horse show in Denver on the last
two days of September in conjunction
with the Mountain and Plain Festival.
There are twenty-eight classes in all, em
bracing all classes of horses and vehi
cles The prizes are all valuable, in many
Instances $200 being divided among first.
second and third. The committee in.
charge consists of C. E. Stubbs (chair
man), John F. Campion, R. R. Wright
Jr., George L. Gouldlng. John W. Spring
er, Fred E. Bowman, W. H. O'Brien, C.
F. Martin (secretary). Dr. Charles Gress
well (veterinary inspector). ...
SPORTS
GOLFERS MAKE
READY ON DEL
MONTE LINKS
Full Course Will Soon Be in
Use at San Rafael.
•
Many Players From Southern California
Will Be Seen on Northern
Links Shortly.
The members of the council of the San
Rafael Golf Club have definitely decided
thai the semi-final and final rounds of the
Council cup competition will be played
on Admission day, the earlier rounds be
ing disposed of on some previous day or
days. The Ladies' cup will be competed
for on conditions similar to those al
ready laid down for the Council cup.
There will also be a general handicap
contest, medal play, for ladies and gen
tlemen, on September '.'. the handicap be
ing based on the scores made in the qual
ifying competitions for the Council cup
and the Ladies' cup.
The putting greens are being prepared
for the second round of nine boles in ac
cordance with the plans originally laid
out by Instructor T. \V. Tetley. It is
probable that the full course of eighteen
holes will be used for the first time for
the concluding rounds of the Council and
Ladies' cup competitions on September
9. The Admission day tournament will
last from Friday, September 8, until Mon
day. September 11, inclusive.
Several golfers are already at Del Monte
practicing for the coming tournament
which will take place on the links there
from August .1 to 26, inclusive. Among
them are: S. W. Bowne, T. Cuyler-Smith,
Jonathan Bourne, E. B. Alexander, Clin
ton E. Worden, Alfred S. Tubbs, A. P.
Lord, C. E. Lescher, YV. P. Whittier. Cap
tain A. H. Payson, J. A. Folger, Mrs. H.
P. Perkins. Mrs. W. P. Fuller, Mrs. John
Cunningham, Miss Morgan and the
Misses Hager. The qualifying competi
tion for the ladies' handicap for the
George Crocker cup will be played at
eighteen boles, medal play, on Monday,
August 21, and the final competition at
eighteen holes, match play, on Tuesday,
August 22. The handicap will be based
on the scores made in the qualifying
rounds.
The qualifying round at eighteen holes,
medal play, for the Del Monte cup, for
net., will be played on Wednesday Au
gust, 23, and the final competition between
the competitors making the sixteen low
est scores on the two following days at
thirty-six holes, match play. The team
match between Northern and Southern
California will be at thirty-six holes;
match play, and the northern representa
tives will ii- chosen on the ground ac
cording to the form displayed in the play
on th.- preceding 'lays. E. R. Folger, J.
A Folger. C. P. Hubbard, J. Lawson, E.
J. McCutchwi and S. L. Abbott Jr. are
likely candidates for the team, En.rics
for the George Crocker and Del Monte
cups must be mad.- with F. J. Carolan, 3
California street. San Francisco, not later
than Tuesday, th- 15th Inst. Besides the
Southern California '.-am of six men it la
expected that several other golfers, both
men and women, from the southern part
of the State will visit Del Monte luring
the week of sports and will take part
in the tournament. A four-day tourna
ment of the Santa Catalina Golf Cluo
that began on August 9 will be concluded
to-day. , , ,
When the eighteen hole course of the
San Rafael Golf Club is completed it will
be one of the longest In the world, being
6130 cards, or 3 miles 860 yards, in length.
'famous St. Andrews course is 6024
yards the North Berwick 6091, and the
Prestwick 6180. The M_vris County course
Is a 'ittle shorter than any of these, being
5300 yards.
It was originally planned to have ons
of the holes on the San Rafael links 653
yards long, but the longest hole shown on
the score cards is Helen Knowe, the sev
enth, which Is 517 yards. The average
length of the holes on the foregoing links
is as follows: Morris County. 331 yards;
St. Andrews. 336 yards; North Berwick.
338 yards; San Rafael, 341 yards; and
Prestwick, 345 yards.
RIFLEMEN AT THE TARGETS.
The fall prize shoot of the California
Schuetzen Club has been set for Septem
ber 17 and 18, at Schuetzen Park range,
near San Rafael. The programme of
events prepared by the committee, of
which D. B. Faktor was chairman, is the
most liberal of any t*»r years. In several
particulars there are departures from the
usual arrangement. On the point target,
the twelve-inch black being divided into
three parts, there will be eight shots to
the ticket. The points are, white Hag for
one, blue for two and red for three. All
shots in the three-point circle (three inch*
es» will be measured by machine for best
(enters. Twenty-five .ash prizes, ranging
from $2" to $1. will be awarded for the
most points. A like number of prizes of
the same value will be given for the best
measured .enters. . -
One of the lew features is that special
premiums will be given for flags as fol
lows: Every white flag, 5 cents; every
' blue flag, 7**2 cents, and every red flag, 10
cents The first and last bullseyes (three
Inches) of the day will be worth $2 50
: each, and the first and last noon bullseyes
!$1 each. In the King shooting, point tar
'■ Kits, there will be presented for the first
prize the King diamond medal and $9 in
cash prizes ranging from $7 to $1. Mer
chandise prizes to the value of $1000 will
be contested for on the honorary targets
on both days. The tickets for this event
will be three shots each. *
Crushed Between Two Carts.
John Dlvincenzi, a scavenger, while,
alighting from his cart at Harriet and
Folsom streets yesterday afternoon, was
struck by another cart which was being
driven by L. Cook and crushed between
the two vehicles. He was removed to the
Receiving Hospital, where it was ascer
tained that he was internally injured.
Cook was arrested by Policeman Rior
dan and charged at the City Prison with
battery. ■-. _'-*?-
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 12, 1899.
PONY RACING
BECOMES QUITE
THE FAD HERE
Inaugural Meet of Menlo Park
Association.
All the Society Folk Are Interested in
the Success of the New Sport
ing Venture.
The inaugural meet of the Menlo Park
Amateur Racing Association will be held
this afternoon on the Selby track, a mile
circuit, at Fair Oaks. J. J. Moore of Moun
tain View, who has done much to advance
pony racing and horsemanship generally
anions, the gentlemen riders, has been the
I prime mover in perfecting the new organi
zation. His efforts have been seconded
by Edward Eyre, who is the acting secre-
I tary of th.- meet.
The people of the countryside are deeply
interested, in the affair, which insures a
large attendance. There will be no end of
talent for the races, as the new associa
tion will attract Walter Hobart and oth
ers of the Burllngame contingent. They
will be seen to advantage In the visitors'
steeplechase, one and three-quarter miles,
over five hurdles, riders to weigh 175
pounds.
For the accommodation of spectators
: from this city a train will leave Third and
Townsend streets at 1 p. m.. returning to
this city at th.- conclusion of the after
, noon's sport. The officials in charge of the
sports will be: Chris W. Smith, judge; J.
[ A. Donohoe, clerk of the scales; J. B.
Casserly, official measurer, and E. L.
Eyre, starter. In all there will be seven
races on th.- programme.
With the conclusion of the races to-day
the scene will shift to Monterey, where
J the riders and their ponies will disport
themselves under the patronage of the
Racing and Steeplechase Association. The
polo players of Southern California will
bring up the lleetest of their race horses
In miniature to meet those owned here.
C. E. Maud of Riverside will be represent
ed by Nell Gwynne and Nancy Lee. His
entries will be ridden by G. Burmeister.
T. Cuyler-Smlth will ride Silverado in the
| steeplechase. Lieutenant Games will also
I be seen in the saddle.
CAUGHT A TROUT EACH
MINUTE FOR AN HOUR
C G. Young's Remarkable Experience
on the Garcia River, Mendo
cino County.
C. G. Young has returned from a fishing '
trip to Garcia River, Mendocino County,
with a remarkable story as to the excel- j
lence of the sport there. In one hour's
fishing he caught fifty-five trout, an aver
age of nearly one each minute for that j
period. The trout averaged from seven to I
twelve inches in length. Mr. Young says
he never saw so many fish in any river at
one time as are in the Garcia.
The striped bass fishing in the estuary
between Oakland and Alameda and In San
Leandro Bay has been a blank recently.
the fish refusing any bait offered. Men
who have gone In quest of them report
them plentiful, but they are not to be
tempted into striking.
Fish Commissioners Vogelsang and Kel
ler are in Monterey to-day. They will
hardly come away without trying the
salmon fishing which is so tempting at
present.
William H. Hanson. Frank Frost and
John W. Bourdette have returned from
Lake Tahoe and vicinity after an absence
of one month. They report the fishing ex
cellent. On Rubicon River, the Eastern
brook trout and rainbows are quite plen
tiful and provide fair catches. The best
of the fishing, however, was on Grass
Lake and Susie Lake, where large catches
were made, the fish rising to the fly and
taking it ravenously.
Colonel Kelihor and H. E. Skinner leave
to-day for the Truckee for a week's fish
ing: They will establish headquarters at
Boca.
Orinda's Anniversary Ball.
In view of the fact that the arrival of
the California volunteers will fall about
the 22d Inst., the date fixed for the giv
ing of the anniversary ball of Orinda
Parlor, N. D. G. W., the parlor has de
cided to postpone the affair until the 19th
of September. " '••.y-.:_
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
101 Seventh street, . corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean. ...
CRACK COLTS ENTERED
FOR OCCIDENT STAKE
' Final Payments Have Been Made for
Six of the Fastest Youngsters
in the State.
The Occident Stake, one of the most
valuable harness races of the year, has
attracted the entries of six of the : most
! promising youngsters now in training.
Final payment has been made on their
entries. The race will be decided at the
State Fair. Sacramento, which gives
. promise this year of the best sport in
i all the years of Its existence. The en
! tries for the Occident Stake are:
D. E. Knight's br. f. Lena A, by
Lynmont-Elmorene; P. W. Lees b. c.
Lee Roy. by Fay Wilkes-Estarte: C.
D. Rronner's br. f. Tia Juana, by Co. -
sipper-Mvrtle; Vendome Stock Farm s
b. f. Dr. Frasse's Sister, by Iran Alto-
Linda Oak; E. Topham's b. f. Blanche
T. by Hambeltonian Wilkes-Minnie B;
Santa Rosa Stock Farm's b. c. Fram,
by Direct-Silver Eye.
CUPID, THE GREAT SIRE, AND
HIS PROGENY.
IT was not until within the past year
that Cupid, the property of the Aptos
stock farm of A. B. Spreckeis, began
to attract attention from the harness
horse world. The son of Sidney and
Venus, while not a sensational performer,
was always fighting for the money, no
matter how long drawn out the race may
have been, earning for himself the title
"games, of the Sidneys." But three of
his get have been placed in training. Of
this trio Venus 11. his fast but a trifle er
ratic daughter, in the string of Tom Keat-
Ing, which lowered her record to 2:12% in
a fiercely contested race at Buffalo on
August 9, is considered one of the coming
stars of the turf. Psyche and Bottle
Parkes are still in the green class and will
be seen on the California circuit. The
former is considered a most promising
green 'un at the Aptos establishment, is
a yearling by this horse from the great
mare Hulda (2:08%), which is pronounced
by critics to be one of the grandest look
ing youngsters ever turned out in this
State and for which great things are pre
dicted.
TROTTERS AND
GALLOPERS AT
OAKLAND TRACK
Ambitious Programme for Golden
Gate Fair.
Fifteen Hundred Dollars Offered for
Free-for-AII Trot— A Week of
Racing Arranged.
The speed programme for the forthcom
ing meeting of the Golden Gate Fair Asso- !
ciation at Oakland, commencing on the j
26th inst., has been announced by Secre
tary Joseph I. Dimond. The purses for the
trotting races are $1000 each, with the ex
ception of the free-for-all, where $1500 is
offered. The races for the seven days are
as follows:
Saturday August 26— For maiden two-year- \
olds. purse $250, live furlongs; fur maiden three- ,
year-olds and over, purse $250, six furlongs; for
three-year-olds and over that have started and
not won In 1899, purse $250, six furlongs; for ,
three-year-olds anil ever, purse $250 one and a
sixteenth miles; for three-year-olds and up
ward, selling, purse .250. six furlongs; for i
three-year-olds and upward, purse $2r.0, one (
mile.
Monday, August 28- -2:40 class trotting, purse I
$1000; 2:18 class pacing, purse $1000; running,
for two-year-olds, puree $250. **>* furlongs; for
three-year-olds and over, non-winners of more i
than two races ... 1899. purse $250, seven fur- |
longs; for four-year-olds and over, purse $200, ,
one mile.
Tuesday, August 29-2:16 class, trotting, purse
$1000; 2:12 class, pacing. $1000; running, tor i
three-year-olds and over, purse $250. live and a
half furlongs; for maiden two-year-olds, purse |
$250, five and a half furlongs; for three-year- |
Olds and over that have not won four races in j
1-99. purse $250, seven furlongs. ,
August 30—2:30 class, pacing, purse $1000, 2:26 .
class. trotting, $1000; running, for two-year-olds,
purse $250. six furlongs; for all ages, purse $-'..0.
Hve furlongs; for three-year-olds and over,
purse $250, one mile. „_„ i
August 31— Three-year-old trot. purse $500; |
one or two other events to be named hereafter; I
running, for three-year-olds and over; purse ■
ISO, five and a half furlongs: for two-year-olds '
non-winners of three races, purse $250, six fur- j
longs; for three-year-olds and over, purse f.M, !
one and an eighth milec
September 1—2:15 class, pacing, purse $1000,
free-for-all trot. $1500; running, for three-year
olds and over that have started and not won
three races since May 1. ISW. purse $250, one
and a sixteenth miles; for two-year-olds, sell
ing purse $250, five furlongs; for three-year-olds
and over that have not won a race of a mile
or over In 1899. purse $250, one mile.
September 2—2:30 class, trotting, purse $1000; j
2:25 class, pacing, purse $1000; 2:19 class, trot
ting. $1000; running, for three-year-olds and
over, non-winners of four races In 1899, purse
$250, seven furlongs; for three-year-olds and
over, purse $250. one mile; for three-year-olds
and over that have started at this meeting and
not won two races this meeting, purse $250, six
furlongs. . —
4->
Handball Entries for Sunday.
The entries for handball games at Phil
Ryan's court, 80S Howard street, for Sun
day as announced are as follows:
W. Hassell and B. Clements vs. T. Clem
ents and 11. McNevin. .
E. McDonough and E. Lynch vs. W. H.
Sieberst and J. R. Bockman.
A. McVicker and T. Leach vs. G. Smith
and J. Condon.
P. Ryan and J. Dowllng vs. R. Hous
man'and M. Bosch.
J. Collins and E. Toy vs. J. White and
M. Maguire.
J. Riordon and M. J. Kilgallon vs. S.
Hampton and R. Linehan.
SPORTS OF THE
WORLD CAN BE
ENJOYED HERE
Deer, Bear and Other Game in
Abundance.
Preservation of These Attracts the
Attention of the Public — Reports
From the Field.
The wonders of California as a resort
for sportsmen are apparently but little
understood by the people here. Within a
da; travel of this city one can have his
choice of game and can find it in com
parative abundance. litis carries him
outside the zone of travel of the men
from the metropolis, who seldom have
sufficient leisure to go far afield for their
shooting. In Trinity. Humboldt and Men
docino counties, which are off the line of
travel, deer, bear and other big game is
found readily. Whether it is that pros
perity is abroad In the land, there never
was a time when the high-class sports
of the field attracted so many people.
With a due regard for the preservation
of game this will go on until it attracts
the attention of men who now go abroad
for their sports.
That there is a lively interest taken in
the preservation of game is evidenced by
the expressions of approval over the con
viction of O'Brien & Spptorno's sales
man for having ducks in his possession
out of season. Judge Treadwell's firm
stand in the face of the strongest pres
sure has gained favor for him among the
sportsmen.
W. I). Mc Art bur. H. L*. Miller. J. J.
Winner and 1". B. Surryhne spent last
week-end on the Olympic Gun Club pre
serve, Cordelia. They secured a good bag
of doves.
J. H. Rosseter and John Hal tan of Ala
meda have returned from Trinity County,
where they have been camping for some
weeks. They bring back the skins of two
California lions and report finding all
kinds of game in abundance. They en
joyed trout fishing with spoon and lly In
the Eel River.
The members of the Olympic Gun Club
will hold their Hrst "varmint" hunt on
the 27th inst. The scene will be the club's
preserve In Marin County, the Rodgers
ranch. Only those animals which prey
upon game birds or destroy their eggs
will be sought. The gunmen will be in
the field from 7 a. m. until 2 p. m. and
will kill no birds- nor animals that are not
scheduled on the score card with which
each member will be supplied. The points
allowed on each animal killed are as fol
lows:
Coyote, 1000: wildcat, 1000; fox, 500; coon, 500;
eagle, 600; polecat, 250: ground squirrel. 250;
quail hawk. 250; large hawk, 250; small hawk,
100; weasel, 50; Jack rabbit, 25; bluejay, 25.
"Weare C. Little Jr. of Oakland was suc
cessful in his quest for deer In Lake Coun
ty. With a companion he killed four fine
bucks some six miles north of Highland
Springs. One of the deer weighed 122
pounds when dressed.
Peter Krog and three friends secured
seven deer near Rockpile ranch, Sonoma
County.
The members of the San Francisco Gun
Club will hold their last bluerock shoot of
the season to-morrow at the Lincoln Club
grounds, Alameda. Harry Rlcklefson
leads Edgar Forster by three birds for
the silver cup presented by Otto Feudner.
The last twenty-five-bird race will decide
the ownership of the trophy, as the man
making the highest average in four shoots
wins. E. Schultz and A. J. Webb are tied
for first money on the season's average.
WILL SWIM AND DIVE.
The entries for the aquatic sports at
Sutro Baths to-morrow afternoon are as
follows:
50-yard dash, novice— W. King, E. Marston,
J. Mugan, O. Lowenthal, C. King. R. Marston,
C. Royal, IT. Ritter; 100-yard race. Juveniles—
W. Waters, P. Murphy, W. Peters, E. Heller
J. Keogh, W. Early, R. Riding. C. Lundin, M.
Johnston; 100-yard tub race, three prize. \v
Phillipps. C. Augustus, E. Beyer, W. Baudain
E. Wells. W. Fisher, G. Adler, O. Ehrman (.'
Schwartz. W. Fleming, E. Lieboldt. 'H*
Stelljes. F. Hlldebrandt. W. Yarrow. Q. Sul
livan; trick and fancy spring-board diving
Banagatori, C. Strojlln, T. Ralston P Mc-
Cowen. J. Gladstone, G. Eaßue. P. Gioviannl
R. Cornell. D. McCann; diving for plates, open
to all juveniles.
Five Years for Burglary.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 11.— James Carroll
and Frank Shields, who were arrested last
Monday for having looted the gunstore
of W. Eberhardt, to-day pleaded guilty
in the Superior Court and were sentenced
to five years' imprisonment each in the
penitentiary.
MONTEREY THE
RENDEZVOUS OF
TENNIS LOVERS
Players Will Ply Their Rackets
in Doubles.
Annual Championships of Pacific States
Lawn Tennis Association Also at
Del Monte on Admission Day.
"Ho for Del Monte!" is the cry among
the tennis men. and there will be a pro
cession of racket wielders Monterey
bound next Wednesday and Thursday to
play in the handicap doubles tournament.
Everything else has been neglected among
the chasers of the tennis ball for this
event, which will be covered with a dress
of society.
As far as tennis goes, the tournament
will not produce much of the real cham
pionship order, as the players are not out
for medals; nor do they expect to show
the full capabilities of their racket facul
ties. The teams will be more or less
Impromptu, but this will not deteriorate
the interest in the matches. Probably
for the first time in several years there
will be the. influence of ultra-society to
make the tournament the success of for
mer years, when every woman or man on
the crest of Its waves patronized the
sport.
Not only will the racket wielders come ■
from San Francisco, Oakland and Ala
meda, but a large contingent of players
is already ensconced at Del Monte. Many
surprises will be in store for the young ]
players, who think the honors of the two
days' battle will surely grace their stand- !
ards. Men who have won the fairest
court prizes of other years will doff their
blazers and work on the courts on the 18th
and 19th against the younger and more
arrogant blood.
While the full list of teams has not yet
been entered, the great majority of them
are already in. They are as follows:
Dr. C. B. Root and Ralph Bliven; J. Beale
and Chester Smith; Arthur Watson and
Barclay Henley Jr.; Grant Smith and
Harry Weihe; Merle Johnson and W. 15.
Collier Jr. (all of the California Club of
this city); Luke Warburton and Robert
IFatje of Santa Clara; McSwain and Jor
dan of San Jose; Jones brothers of Sa
linas; Harper brothers of Pacific Grove;
; Carl Selbach and Howard Hammond of
, Stockton; J. A. Landsberger and Reuben
Hunt of Alameda; Samuel Hardy of Oak
: land, and J. A. Code of San Francisco.
I George Whitney and Joe Daily will give
[ an exhibition singles during the tourna
j ment.
The officials of the Pacific States Lawn
Tennis Association met last Monday night
to arrange for the championship doubles
tournament on September 9. It was de
cided to hold the tournament at Del
Monte. The ladies' singles championship
of the coast will also be played at the
same time. The tournament will begin
on the Tth and be concluded on Admission
day. J. A. Code of San Francisco J. A.
Landsberger of Alameda and Sumner
Hardy of Oakland have the arrangement
of the tournament in hand. A number of
ladies have signified their intention of
entering the tournament this year.
Among the contestants for championship
honors will be Alice Hoffman. Miss
Hunter. Miss Eisen, Miss Clark Miss
Miriam Halt, Miss Violet 11. Sutton and
Miss Dobbins. It is hardly likely that
Miss Marion Jones, who won the "cham
pionship of the coast last year and the
highest tenni* honors in the United States
at Newport this season, will contest
GREYHOUNDS MULTIPLY
WITH MARKED RAPIDITY
Californian Kennels Will Soon Have the
World's Fleetest Dogs — New
Importations.
There will be coursing at Ingleside and
at Union Park this afternoon and to-mor
row. Tbe sport at the former willl be !
provided by a ninety-six-dog stake while!
I the latter offers its patrons a seventy
| two-dog stake. Another reserve stake for
j sixty-four dogs will be run at Union Park
1 next Thursday. The Admission Day holi
days will be given over to the great
i Produce stake, which will attract the best
| dogs In the State which are eligible
The latest addition to the colony of
coursing men is G. W. Miller. He comes
from Chicago with five dogs from the eel '
ebrated kennel of Russell, Allen & Wilson
! £„ , r of $*? mi -'*' ' are by St. Clair out of
I Gilda. They are of the Glenkirk stock
. the representatives of which are the
j gamest, although not the fastest ever
; brought to this country. St. Clair 'is thai
sire of Daisy Clair. Master Car Bel
Clair, Rosie Clair, Rock Island Itov and :
} C £ r , Kin , g al' al _ we__-__nown performers
at the local parks.
P. Brophys good dog Benicia Boy was
severely bitten by Bartels Brothers' Bry
an some days since. The dogs met on the
road while being trained and a pitched
battle ensued.
Judge Carroll Cook will take up the
case of the Ingleside Coursing Park on
Monday. It is expected a day will then
be set for its hearing, when evidence will
be introduced to prove that coursing is a
game of skill, and not one of mere speed
Thomas McHugh Is receiving the felici
tations of friends over his promising grey
hound, Moss Rose. She is a brlndle and
white. 19 months old and is by Master
Glenkirk out of Maggie M. She won third '
money at Ingleside last Sunday, being
withdrawn in the next to the final round. I
Erwln & Lyon of Texas have sent Lady
Greely from Texas to be mated with J. li. !
Rossiter.'s For Freedom.
Ralph 'Taylor's Winning Lassie whelped
ten puppies to Firm Friend some days
since.
Lowe & Thompson's Patria has been
bred to Handy & Smith's Sylvanus.
Lowe & Thompson have received an
English dog. Northern Surprise. He is red
and fawn in color and is by Fortune's Fu
ture out of In Fashion. He was bred by
L. Nichols of England and will be seen In
action here shortly. V,. V
FAST OARSMEN
AND SWIMMERS
FOR ASTORIA
Carnival to-"lnd_<-e- Alt Sorts of
Aquatics.
Scullers and Crews From British Colum
bia and Oregon Will Row
in the Regatta.
The programme of the sixth annual re
gatta and water carnival to be held at
Astoria on the -Ist, 22d and 23d Inst, has
been definitely arranged. There will be
a military and civic parade on the morn
ing of the 21st, to be followed by the
singing of national airs by a chorus of
five hundred voices, addresses of welcome
by the Governor of Oregon and the
Mayor of Astoria and the crowning of
the carnival queen. The United States
training ship Adams and the United
States protected cruiser Badger, manned
by the naval reserve of Oregon, will be
in attendance, and there will be a big
fleet of gayly decorated boats. Among
the oarsmen who will compete at the re
gatta will be crews and single scullers
from the Ariel Rowing Club, the Alameda
Boating Club and the .University of Cali
fornia; from James Bay, Victoria and
Vancouver in British Columbia, and from
Portland and Astoria in Oregon. The pro
! gramme will include single shell, out
rigged skiff, double sculling and senior
and junior four-oared barge races for the
; oarsmen. There will also be races be
tween fish boats, sloop yachts, scow
schooners, gasoline launches, steam
launches. tubs and whitehalls. The
equatic sports will include swimming
races, tug-of-war in fish boats, log roll
ing contests, net contests, obstacle races,
! Chinese boat and Indian canoe races,
I duck hunt, high diving and other fea
tures. Exhibitions of life-saving drill
! will be given by crews from Fort Canby
and Fort Stevens. Dr. Riehl of the Dol
phin Swimming and Boating Club of this
city will exhibit his life-saving kite. On
the evening ot the 21st there will be a
ball, at which the queen of the carnival
and attendants will be present. On the
evening of the 2.*.d there will be a marine
' parade of illuminated boats, a balloon
ascension and parachute jump, and walk
ing over the water on tight rope and slack
wire. There will also lie baseball, foot-
I ball and other athletic games.
I The Pacific Nothwest Association of th..
1 Amateur Athletic Union will hold its an
nual meeting on Saturday, the 19th, and
; the programme will include track and
field events. Among these will be 100
--yard, 220-yard, quarter-mile, half-mile
and one-mile races, high jump, broad
jump, pole vault, hammer throw and
bicycle racing.
The University of California will send
its four-oared crew to Astoria to com
pete in the barge races. The crew has
secured the use of the Olympic barge,
through the ---forts of George James, cap
. tain of the Olympic Club. Ray Fryer
came up from Pomona on Tuesday and
went into training at once. The crew will
be made up as follows: J. Hopper, bow;
F. Waggershauser, No. 2; Ray Fryer. No.
'_; Tracey, stroke, and E. Hammer,
cockswain. As the university boys do not
wish to seem to have any advantage not
enjoyed by their brother oarsmen, it is
probable that Al Lean, the trainer, will
not accompany them to Astoria. The uni
versity may enter the junior as well as
the senior* barge race, as the junior race
won by them at 1.1 Campo on June 25 was
not a championship event. J. Hopper may
j go up to Stockton to-day to confer with
j the directors of the Stockton AthleUc
Association and try -to induce them to
1 loan their fast barge to the university
] crew.
H. A. Widemann does not expect to be
able to go to Astoria, but J. A. Geddes
and J. Redican of the Lurline Swimming
! Club will enter the swimming events at
the northern carnival.
The Alameda seniors are practicing
j every night and are in better condition
| than they have ever been. They are cer
tain to render a good account of them
selves. C. L. Ochs of the Pioneers is
; training for the shell race and H. Witt-
I kopf of the Ariels will pull in it also. The
i Alameda Boat Club Is in a flourishing
} financial condition, having no debts out
standing and more than $250 In the treas
! ury. There are ninety-seven members in
j good standing. The following officers were
elected at a recent meeting: Charles H.
Smith, president: H. W. Maass', vice
president; W. B. Hinchman, secretary;
Julius C. Stamer. financial secretary;
David Greenleaf. treasurer; W. G. Han
sen, captain; John G. Lewis, lieutenant
captain; James Lewis, sergeant at arms;
Joseph H. Timmons. Frederick S. Cone,
and Arthur G. Brown, members' of exec
utive board. Several former members of
the club are in the First California Regi
ment and on their return an entertain
ment will be given in their honor by the
boat club.
RACE FOR BASEBALL
PENNANT IS CLOSE
Uncle Hank's Team Still Maintains Its
Grasp on First Place — San Jose
and Sacramento Tie.
The race for the baseball pennant has
not abated, although the San Francisco
team leads well in the front rank. A new
phase to the struggle ls the tie for a place
between Sacramento and San Jose. This
week's games mean much to both teams
and the tide of battle will force either
team a step above or below In the column.
The Dudes and the Prunepickers meet
at Recreation Park this afternoon. Oak
land is no longer dressed in coats of
black, for last Saturday they defeated
Watsonville and repeated the dose Sunday
morning. In the afternoon game they
were not quite as successful, however,
but they are still hopeful. "Doc" McGraw
says his tossers will surprise the Brum
mels of Oakland, and he is waiting for the
chance. The teams will line up:
Oakland. Positions. San Jose.
Hammond Catcher Kent
Moskiman Pitcher .............Andrews
Hutchinson First base Han lon
Peeples.. ...Second base Anderson
Lange Third base Huston
Schmeer Shortstop ODea
Dunle;*vy... Left field McGucken
Donovan Center field Graham
Hardie Right field Foley
WHEELMEN PLAN MANY OUTINGS
The great Carson City-Reno interclub
relay race takes place to-morrow at Car
son, and considerable local interest is cen
tered in the event. It will be between
teams of ten men, who will ride relays
of five miles each. Reno is said to have
the strongest team, but the Carson riders
have been better trained, and It is a toss
up whcih side is the stronger.
Allan Jones, the Olympic racer, who
was so popular with the local racegoers
a couple of years ago, is in Australia. He
raced successfully in New Zealand for a
year, and prior to that was In Honolulu.
John E. Bauer, one of the charter mem
bers of the Bay City Wheelmen, has re
turned to the city after an absence of ten
years and is renewing old friendships
around the club.
.The Bay Citys will provide a warm wel
come for Arthur Lungberg, one of the
members of the club who accompanied the
First California to Manila. A. D. Allan
Jr , another old member, is also returning
jon the Sherman. Frank James is return
ing as first assistant engineer of the War
ren.
The Olympic and Reliance Wheelmen
are planning a joint run for the early part
i of September.
The Bay Citvs' run to the Salazar ranch,
at Mission San Jose, will be held In about
a The California Associated Cycling Clubs'
officials are making preparations for the
proposed track relay race, to be held at
Ingleside shortly.
The annual Baker & Hamilton twenty
mile event will take place the second Sun
day in September, and four clubs are pre
j) iring for it. the Acmes, Bay Citys, Gar
den Citys and Olympics. The Olympics
now hold the cup. • '•< ___.____..
Captain Spillane of the Olympics is mak
ing preliminary arrangements for a five
mile handicap road race over the San
I c uidro-Havwards course, open to any
! style of wheel, singles, tandems or oth
ers in fact, a multicycle handicap. It
should be highly exciting. ____,__,
An open race will be held at Del Monte
during the forthcoming carnival of sport.
It will be a five-mile handicap, the first
prize being a bicycle.
__. ■ ■ -_l 9 — i
The Most Beautiful
Bit of scenery in Golden Gate Park re
produced in exquisite full-page half
tone free with to-day's News Letter.Big Eastern Sporting Events.
THE COLUMBIA
MILES IN FRONT
OF HER RIVAL
Hoodoo Pursues the
Defender.
— • —
NOT A FAIR SPEED TEST
CALMS ENCOUNTERED BY THE
| OLD YACHT.
«
Bun of the New York Club Fleet From
Vineyard Haven, to New Bed
ford Proves Almost a
Fizzle.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW BEDFORD, Mass., Aug. ll.—The
run of the New York Yacht Club fleet i
from Vineyard Haven to-day to this port |
proved the most unsatisfactory of the j
cruise, and as far as the racing was con- ]
cerned was well nigh a fizzle. All day the :
yachts wrestled with typical dog day con
ditions, winds from all quarters and all
velocities, interspersed with cold rain,
sunshine and fog. and the boat carrying
a mascot won In her class. The Columbia
was one of these, and for the second time
in the cruise she beat the Defender by
many '. miles because of the shifting
breezes and calms. In fact so far ahead
was the new boat at the finish that the
Defender gave up entirely and dl not
round one of the marks, the Vineyard
Sound lightship.
At one time during the day, about noon,
It looked as if the Defender had the mas
cot and might win, for she got a line shift
of wind and left the Columbia becalmed
two miles astern. But this seemingly for
tunate shift proved the Defender s un
doing, the breeze leaving her entirely
when off Tarpaulin Cove, five miles from
the start, and she lay there two hours,
while her rival, farther out in the sound,
picked up a nice southwest breeze and
made the gain that effectually put the
Defender out of the race. , _ .
The Columbia was out beyond Cutty
hunk before the Defender was moved,
over ten miles astern. But the Columbia
had a hard time ting out to the light
ship five miles farther off, and did not
round it until 2:12 o'clock. Then she
floundered about in another calm for a
half hour, until at last she caught a
northeast breeze out of Buzzards Bay that
took her to the finish line. She passed one
side of Cuttyhunk Island as the De
fender was going by the other, beating
out of Vineyard Sound with a southwest
breeze, while the Columbia, three miles
away, over the island, was beating in
against a northeast wind. • The Columbia
crossed the finish line about 5 o'clock,
with the Defender off Cuttyhunk light, at
the entrance to Buzzards Bay.
The other yachts of the fleet sailed a
much shorter course than the two fliers,
running in through Quicks Hole, half way
down the Cuttyhunk, finishing at th flag
ship and anchoring off Wilkes Lodge, in
the middle of Buzzards Bay. five or six
miles outside of New Bedford. The Na
vahoe was the first of the big ones over
the line, the Vigilant being three minutes
later. The two old-timers had a fine race
up the sound, and at one time the Nava
hoe outsailed her rival. The soft spots In
the wind and the frequent shifts struck
them and the Vigilant slipped through
Quicks Hole first
The Colohla was the first at this point
in the schooner class, while the lloriana
led the little boats. The wind left the
boats entirely- in Buzzards Bay, and for
another hour they were, almost, motion
less. At last the Vigilant crossed the lino
i:i her usual position at the head of the
fleet, while the Colonla drifted over ahead
of the schooners. A breeze which came
from the northeast during the latter part
of the afternoon helped tut those of ..the
fleet that followed the Defender into "the
trap at Tarpaulin Cove, and at half-past 5
all had finished and were heading for the
an eh ii rage.
It seemed too bad that a day that began
so auspiciously should have resulted so
unfortunately and that the sequence of
good runs of the fleet should have been
broken thereby.
BROOKLYN BACK IN FORM.
Colonels Defeated by a Score of One
to Nothing.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Brooklyn ...61 33 .0.9 St. L0ui5.... 53 44 .546
Boston r.' 60 34 .639 Pittsburg ...4. 49 .4ft".
Philadelphia r.9 39 .602 -Louisville ...41 52 .441
Baltimore ..56 _> .589 New fork. 37 54 .406
Chicago 53 42 .5581 Washington ... 63 .357
Cincinnati ..52 42 .553' Cleveland ...IT 82 .172
BROOKLYN, Aug. 11.— Brooklyn*, played
up to their old form to-day. but had little the
tetter of the Colonels, who put up a great
game. Kennedy and Cunningham had a duel
In the box. but "Roaring Rill" was Invincible,
striking out six men ... . allowing no bases
on balls. A hit by pitched ball lost the game
for Louisville, ihlen being the lucky man.
He scored on Casey's sacrifice, an out and
a .nea! to the plate, while Farrell was running
to second. Attendance, 1?00. Score:
Club- R. H. E.
Louisville 0 3 3
Brooklyn 1 ; ' 1
Batteries— Cunningham and Zimmer; Ken
nedy and Farrell. Umpires— and
Latham.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. ll.—The Phillies to
day sustained the first shut-out of the season.
Leever had the local sluggers completely at
h'.s mo'rcv. The fielding of both team? was
perfect. "Attendance, 4160. Score:
Club- B. H. E.
Pittsburg «> f _>
Philadelphia 0 1 "
Batteries— Leever and Rchrlver; Piatt and
Douglass. Umpire*- Emsilie and McDonald.
NEW TORK, Aug. 11.— Cleveland-New York,
no game, wet grounds.
BOSTON, Aug. 11.— crncinnatl-Boston, no
game, wet grounds.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.—Washington-Chi
cago, no game, rain. _
*
VICTORY FOR GOODSON. I
Australian Takes the Five-Mile Han
dicap at Montreal.
MONTREAL-, Aug. -The extra day's
racing of the rid's meet attracted about
a thousand people, indications of rain
keeping many away. The principal feat
ure of the card was the five-mile handi
cap, which was won by the Australian
rider Ben Goodson, who beat the Scotch
man.'Caldow, in a rattling finish by a half
wheel with Sherritt and Boisvert, two
Canadians,* -close up. There was a nasty
spill In the third trial heat of this race.
Large of Charlottestown went over the
embankment at its highest part, bringing
down three other riders. All were cut
and bruised. * .
In the preliminaries of the five-mile pro
liss'onal handicap Nat Butler made a
great ace In. the first heat, being beaten
out '•_* only a short wheel by his brother
Frank. Nats time. 10:44 2-5. made a new
handicap competition record for the dis
tance. Major Taylor was the scratch man
li. the second heat. Some miscreant stuck
,-i pin into the tire of the major's front
v. be* i. -It was discovered before the start
and an effort .was made to change the
wheel Finally the major started on the
injured wheel, but had to give up after
going a couple of miles. Tom Butler, who
bad lagged behind with the major, bad to
do some great sprinting in order to beat
out the sixth man. Th- first four men
made a nice race of it, Boaj winning -in
the stretch. '
The added race was a three-mile ama
teur sprint. Scratches robbed the prelimi
naries of interest, but the semi-finals were
rood events and the final was a race all
the wav from the pistol to the wire. ('al
ii, w the Scotchman, was in the best
position at. the stretch and raced home
a comparatively easy winner, while Bois
vert the Montreal man. by big sprinting
beat out Gooason of Australia.
Jimmy Drury. the best of the Canadian
amateurs, made an attempt to smash the
world's amateur paced record of 1:39,
made recently In England, but the best
he ccu_4_4io %a__ 1:43 4-.'— second slower
"than the American . mark of 1:42 4-5 but
considerably better than the Canadian
amateur record of 1:54. Drury was paced
by a .'team motor and had ho difficulty In
keeping the pace. Summary:
Five-mile handicap, amateur— Final heat
won by Men Goodson, Sydney (scratch): J.
Caldow, Glasgow (scratch), second; A. Sher
ritt. lirantford. Ont. (75 yards), third; C. P.
Boisvert, Montreal (160 yards), fourth. Time,
13:33 1-5.
Five-mile handicap, professional, first five
men to qualify In final, to be run to-morrow—
First heat: Frank Butler, Cambridge (1001,
won; Nat Butler, Cambridge (scratch), second;
John .1. Colsran, Trenton, X. J. (125), third: T.
''■ McCarthy, Toronto (350), fourth; R. E.
Blaney, Branttord, unt., fifth. Time 10:44. Nat
Butler's time, 10:14 2-3, world's handicap com
petition record.
Second heat: AM Boaje, Toronto (150). won;
Watson Col-.rn.U-, Boston (225), second; Harry
Gibson, Cincinnati (825), third; Hugh McLean,
Chelsea. Mass. i.?*.., fourth; Tom Butler,
Cambridge. Mass. (25), fifth. Time, 11:07 1-5.
One-third mile, amateur— heat won by
J. Caldow, Glasgow; C. H. Boisvert, Mon
treal, second; Ben Goodson, Australia, third.
Time. :42 3-5. Among the other starters were
A. E. George,' South Africa; A. Taillnndier,
France; Karl Pea body. Chicago, and Nat Mc-
Di ul, Milwaukee.
FILON DOR FOULED.
Lady Lindsay Set Back in a Race at
Saratoga.
SARATOGA. Aug. 11.— After the heavy
rains of last night and this morning the
track was a sea of mud. In the fourth
race Fllon dOr was a hot favorite and
immediately went to the front when the
flag fell. On the turn Ryan took Lady
Lindsay into the race, pulling Into Filon
dOr and throwing him completely off his
feet. Lindsay went on and won as he
pleased, Donald Bain finishing In front of
Filon d'Or. A foul was claimed and al
lowed, Donald Bain taking the race. Re
sults:
Five furlongs- Decimal won, Little Veron
ica second. The Corinthian third. Time.
1:04%:
One mile and a sixteenth— Dan Rice won,
Meadowthorpe second. Stranger third. Time,
1.-50%.
Five and a half furlongs -Jinks won, Dim
inutive second: Caoutchouc third. Time, 1:10%.
One mile— Donald I'.aln won, Filon dOr sec
ond. Time. 1:45, Lady Lindsay ran first, hut
■ was disqualified.
One mile and a half, hurdles- Preacher won,
! Julius Caesar second. Article third. Time,
2 :57.
DETROIT, Aug. 11.— Weather cool; track
fast. Results at Windsor:
Seven furlongs, selling— Violent won, Tony
IJonlng second, Percita third. Time, 1:29.
Six furlongs, selling— Veil won, Haps
burg second, Bridal Tour third. Time, 1:15.
One mil. ■— Kunja won. Gilder second. Allie
Bell third. Time. 1:40%.
Six furlongs, selling— Callan won. Odd
Genius second. Lelab third. Time. 1:15.
One mile and a furlong, selling Vannessa
won, Victorine second, Bella third. Time,
1:55%:
One mile and a furlong, selling— Lady of the
West won. ('an I See 'Em second, Sallie La
mar third. Time, 1:55%.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. Five straight favorites
were victorious at the Fair Grounds to-day
Recompense, at long odds, upset the crowd
by defeating the well-backed favorite, Marie
G. Brown. The weather was very hot and the
track _: •■'.. Results:
Three-year-olds. six furlongs— Sam Lazarus
Esq. won, Ruby Riley second, Capsicum
third. Time. 1:18%.
Two-year-olds, five furlongs— Silent Friend
won. Sen Sen second, Barney's Last third.
Time. l-lIK-
Six furlongs— won, .'Glissando sec
ond, Mousquiteer third. Time. 1:17%.
One mile and severity yards. selling— Osric
II won, Etholln second, Ransome third. Time,
1;49%. ■' -:.■•...: -.. ,-*.. .
Six furlongs, Belling Necklace won. Little
Sallie second, Fourth Ward third. Time, .1:17%.
Maiden two-year-olds, five and a ' half fur
longs—Recompense won. Marie G. . Brown sec
ond, Two Slippers third. Time, 1:12.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11— Louis Ezell sprung . the
surprise of the day at Hawthorne in the first
race, when his three-year-old filly,' Nellie Zary,
that had never before faced the starter, won
after being backed from 16 to l to 5 to 1. San
Cecelia broke the track record in the fifth race.
Results:
Six furlongs, selling— Nellie Zary won. Brown
Dick second. Alice B third. Time. 1:15%.
Five furlongs, — Monteagle won. Mis
sion second, Satan third. Time, 1:01%.
Seven furl. *._■ Miseppa won. Maggie Davis
second. Fervor third. Time, 1:27%.
One mile, selling— Marcoto won. Celtic Bard
second. Mural third. Time. -1:41%.
Five and a halt' furlongs— San Cecelia won,
Thrive second, Murito third. Time, 1:07%.
One mile and a sixteenth— Jolly Roger won,
Thllane second, Aureole third.. Time, 1:47.
.' __ ♦ . '■
Police Stop a Fight.
STOFX CITY. lowa. Aug. 11.—Austra
lian Billy Murphy and Patsy Magner of
Yankton. S. D.. met before the Sioux City
Athletic Club for a fifteen-round battle to
night, but the fight last, only one and a
half rounds, breaking up in a row. The
police interfered and arrested the fighters,
backers and seconds. In the first round
Magner used foul tactics, and Murphy
also roughed it. In the second, whin the
police Interfered, the men were fighting
like dogs on the floor of the arena. The
bout was supposed to be a boxing match
for points. A big crowd witnessed the af
fair.
Claims a Foul and. Quits.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— Feather-weight
Danny McMahon of Philadelphia defeated
Paddy Gorman of Buffalo in three rounds
at the Fort Dearborn Athletic Club to
night. Gorman claimed a foul in the sec
ond round and quit when it was not al
lowed.
Boston Gets Pitcher Meekin.
NEW YORK, Aug. Jouett Meekin,
the famous pitcher of the New York base
ball nine, Was released to-day by Presi
dent Preedman. Meekin has been en
gaged by tho Boston club.
VALUABLE DOGS POISONED.
The most cowardly of all men, the dog
X.oisoner, has been at work again, and the
coast has lost three promising dogs in
as many breeds. Congress Springs was
the scene of his operations. One of the
murdered dogs was Irving C. Ackerman's
young bloodhound Rodger, breeder John
Quizzes, by. Brigadier out of Madge.
This good and truly typical specimen of
the breed, whose two first prizes at the
last San Francisco show were well merit
ed promised to develop into a phenom
enon. The second unfortunate animal was
Philip C. Meyers' recent importation, the
rough-coated St. Bernard Canadian Pil
grim bred by J. S. Williams, by Refuge
111 ex Lady Mac. Pilgrim was a line
animal with a splendid coat, good head
and body and a good mover. His win
nings in the show were: Very highly com
mended in the novice class, second in the
limit class and very highly commended
in the open class. The third and last
member of the trio was Miss May Hy
man's black cocker spaniel puppy Miss
Frisco, t,v Duffy out of Brown Nellie,
which took the reserve In her class at the
late show. The San Francisco Kennel
Club directors will hold a meeting next
week and it is understood that they will
materially increase the rewards already
offered. , _j_ _ .
Fred Holmes has bought a young Irish
terrier flog by Champion Endcliffe Match
box to breed to his bitch Trilby. The lat
ter is undersized, and as his new dog is
inclined the other way the result should
be satisfactory. Mr. Holmes will prob
ably have a large demand for the services
of his new importation. lb- has also
practically completed negotiations for the
acquisition of a puppy by the late cham
pion' St. Bernard Sir Ethelwood, which will
lend interest to the probably keen com
petition at the next San Francisco show.
The secretary of the Pacific Mastiff Club
D about to extend his present canine fan
cies to another breed, namely, the Boston
terriers. With these, in addition to mas
tiffs nd fox-terriers, the Montez Ken
nels should be well represented on the
bench. _________
.Several club meetings are scheduled for
next week, among them the San Francisco
Kennel Club, the Pacific- Mastiff Club, the
Pacific Fox-terrier Club, the St. Bernard
Club of California and the California Bull
terrier Club.
BASEBALL IN THE PHILIPPINES
The First California Regimental Rand
has among its members some clever base
ball players. While stationed at La
Cola to, a deserted village In the Philip
pines they defeated a nine from Com
pany' F shortly before they started for
home by a score of 13 to 11. The teams
lined up as follows:
_r Company Positions. Re*. Band.
B Hawks..." Shortstop T. Robertson
p' a Nlnrert Second base —W. Pidwell
M Bern-l' .....Third base G. Hollister
f' Brown ..First base — F. R. Schank
B H Hawks Left field... Don Rey
C.' B.*rnal ...Catcher A. Billow
A. Jones Pitcher ....J. Foley
A Duiver .Center field A. Less
C.'Osborn Right field G. Foht
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST ,12, ; 1899.
GEORGE DIXON
FAILS TO BEST
EDDIE SANTRY
Their Fight Ends in
a Draw.
i — .
CHICAGO LAD HAS IMPROVED
— ♦ —
CHAMPION'S SWINGS CLEVERLY
EVADED.
— —
Colored Pugilist Is "Wild at Times
and Uses Poor Judg
ment in Gauging
Distances.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Aug. George Dixon, \
the colored feather-weight champion, and
Eddie Santry of Chicago met' to-night be
fore the Broadway Athletic Club for twen
ty rounds at 125 pounds, and Referee
Johnny White declared the bout a draw.
The clubhouse was crowded to its utmost
limit, nearly 'sooo persons 'being present.
Dixon put up a game exhibition, and |
Santry showed wonderful '.^improvement,
since he appeared here. last. Santry's ad
vantage in height stood him in good stead., !
and the way. he dodged . his head away j
from a great many of Dixon's, leads was
extremely clever. ■ .-• •* ■
Dixon at times was wild and he fre
quently overreached himself, using. poor
judgment as to distance. Santry went
right to his man, and from, the very be
ginning showed that he meant to fight
without adopting sprinting tactics. Tom ,
O'Rourke, Tom Sharkey and Charley
Miner were Dixon's seconds, while Johnny
Gorman, Charley Burns and Jack Quinn
were Santry's. - *,„.... \
In the opening round Dixon was the ag
gressor, with honors. about even. -A lett
swing from Dixon in the second landed on
Santry's eye, and the Chicagoan fought
back Viciously, driving his right to the
body, and at close quarters bringing it up
to the head. George was wild with his i- ft
swings in that round, as well as in the
third, but he managed to get his left hard j
to the wind. ___ , _ . i
In the fourth round Dixon s right eye
was reopened with a right swing from
Santry and the latter paid attention
to this mark throughout the rest of the .
fl At 'the close of the eighth round Dixon
swung his right on Santry's head. Eddie
replied with a similar blow, landing back
of the neck,* and Dixon stumbled as the ,
gong. rang. When Santry went to his cor
ner his nose was bleeding. |
.During the ninth Dixon's left ear was
burst -with' a right swing, but ho kept
throwing his left to the body. In the
tenth Dixon landed a back-hand blow
with his left- and followed' with a hard
right "to the body. From this to the end
of nineteenth round it was a dingdong .
contest, with Dixon mainly in the aggres
sive and Santry blocking very cleverly
Dixon came like a whirlwind in the last
round, forcing and rushing but neither ,
had any decided advantage at the finish.
Tommy Sullivan of Brooklyn and Jim
my Devers of this city met in the prelim
inary. They fought twenty rounds. Each
weighed 120 pounds. Sullivan won.
PACIFIC CRICKETERS
TO PLAY SANTA CRUZ
A Strong Team Will Leave This Aft- j
ernoon for the Seaside No Team
From Los Angeles.
The visit of a cricket eleven from Los
Angeles to this city will not take place |
during the present season. The local lov
era of the British game were not in a j
position to contribute half the traveling
expenses of the Southerners, and the Cal
ifornia Cricket Association officials did
not believe any money could be made by
hiring an inclosed ground and charging
an admission. Four or five of the South
ern players are willing to come in any
ca«e but a full team cannot be obtained.
The' Los Angeles Cricket Club is trying
to arrange a match with a San Luis Rey
eleven at Oceanside, San Diego County,
and also with a Santa Monica team at
Santa Monica. Teams from Los Angeles
have visited Oceanside in previous years.
The Dos Angeles in- get most of their
Dlav during the winter. .
' The California Club will play against
the Alameda eleven to-morrow, and will
m-,ke every effort to put a strong team
™ the field. If it wins the match it will
be almost certain to carry off the Brown
pennant for 1899. A victory to-morrow
will make the California* dormy 4, to
use the language of the links; that is, the
Californias will have four games to their
credit with only four more matches to be
nlaved if they succeed in even making a
draw of any one of those four games It
will add half a point to their score and
place th.m at the head of the city clubs.
The California representatives in to-mor
row's match will be chosen from E. G.
Sloman, Arthur Dickenson, A. B. Lub
bock J. J- Richmond, W. Reeves, v.
Loughrna*, F. M. Gunn, A Willis, O. J.
Thomas li. W. Watts, J. B Brown. A.
D Reynolds, W. R. Hammond, G. C. Far
rell arid A. E. Aitken. The Alameda team
will consist of G. Hellmann, G. J. Baugh.
J. J. Moriarty. F. Croll, J. JR. Peel. J.
H Saunders. V. Seebeck. S. H. Head. B.
Bird F C. Driffield and P. E. McLean.
A team of Pacific cricketers will leave
this afternoon for Santa Cruz, where they
will nlay a match to-morrow against an
eleven of the Santa Cruz County Club.
The Pacific team will consist of George
Theobald.' C. Simmonds, J. Myers, Fane
Sewell A. G. Sheath. C. P. Coles, J. H.
Harbour E. F. Musson, W. McDonald.
H C Cassidv and A. W. Wilding. The
Santa Cruz Club is not affiliated with the
association, but the delegates of the city
clubs on being consulted, consented
unanimously to the match being played.
It has been agreed, however, that the re
sults in batting and bowling shall not
be reckoned in calculating the averages
for the Burnell prizes. The Santa Cruz
players will put the visitors up at ths
St "George Hotel and will be their hosts
during their stay. The Santa Cruz Coun
ty Club numbers about twenty-five crick
eters among its members, and will join
the association next season.
F W. Beakbane, of the Burns Valley
Club in Lake County, recently paid a visit
to this city. The cricketers of Lake
County would like to receive a team of
San Francisco players this year.
OARSMEN AT GTJERNE
Will Hold a Water Carnival on Rus
sian River in September Cha
mpionship at El Campo.
At a meeting of the Pacific Association
of the Amateur Athletic Union held last
night the following delegates were pres
ent: J. R. Bookman. S. J. Pembroke, W.
C. Espy, W. R. Berry, H. A. Keeler,
George James and A. P. Rothkopf. Pres
ident J. R. Bookman suggested that a
handbook be published giving records in.
all the departments of amateur sports,
and that special care be taken to secure
accuracy. The records committee, con
sisting. of H. A. Keeler, George James and
Herbert Hauser, already has on hand a
mass of statistics which are to be put
Into shape.
On the adjournment of the general com
mittee a meeting of the regatta commit
tee was held, at which it was decided that
a water carnival shall be held at Guerne
ville on September 17, tfiv California
Northwestern Railway having made a
satisfactory proposal to the regatta com
mittee. R. X. Ryan, general manager of
the railway, has offered a special prize
for an outrigger skiff race. A chamn.lon
ship regatta will be held at El Campo on
October 17, at which It is hoped that barge
crews from Stanford University and <the
University of California will be seen in
competition. It was stated that a rowing
course might without much difficulty be
created near Palo Alto on which the stu
dents can practice. .
FIRE FREAKS..
j Strange Occurrences That Are j Re
corded of Conflagrations. ]7_
[ One would imagine that the last place i
| in the world where one would expect a
fire to break out would be some twenty- ;
I five feet below the surface of the sea.'
| Nevertheless, a workman employed in
| laying the foundations of a seawall at
! Plymouth, England, enjoyed, if we may
j use the expression In this instance, this
I strange and awful experience some time
' ago. ---.' ■-"-'" '■■'■''-
The man had to descend in a diving
I bell, ' which at the top was fitted with
' heavy circular convex glasses, and as the
! sea was very calm these glasses concen
trated the rays on one spot on the work
' mans clothes, with the result that they
i were set on fire. A somewhat similar fire
was occasioned, in the shop of a chemist,
I the sun's rays being focused by the large
i glass bottles In the windows on to some
i combustible material that did not belie
| its character. • _
With the exception of a fire under water,
perhaps the next most unlikely place one ;
; would ■ imagine a fire to break out in
would be an icehouse, but even with a I
' temperature considerably below zero a !
lire Is not impossible, as was proved in :
, May, 1897, at a cold-storage warehouse of .
a large New York firm. • .
When the firemen were fighting the i
I flames a large tank containing ammonia, j
used In making artificial ice, exploded, I
! spreading dense fumes In every direction, i
1 and it was not until after several hours !
j hard work, amid the most intense cold
and suffocating fumes, occasioned by the
I ammonia, that the fire was got under con
■ trol, at the expense of one man s life and
I terrible sufferings on the part of others,
I occasioned by the poisonous gases and the
1 frigidity of the atmosphere.
Shortly afterward the works of the
1 Geneva "ice Company caught fire, and the
bouses engine room, etc., were completely
! gutted, leaving the large masses of ice
■ , standing alone like so many icebergs
amid the smoke occasioned by the smol
dering ruins— remarkable effect.
About a year ago the firemen who
! had to attend to an outbreak of fire at
Brock & Co.'s warehouse, Liverpool, were
■ greatly impeded by the suffocating flames |
' occasioned by the burning of large masses i
of salt that burned with a vivid blue light.
' Not only were the fumes disagreeable but j
- ! there were other unpleasant features of i
I this fire in the shape of flakes of partially ■
; consumed salt that made the atmosphere
black and which occasioned an extraor
dinary effect on the spectators' eyes.
A similar effect to a certain extent was |
' I the result of a flre-tat the extensive color |
works of Messrs. Speir of Cologne, which |
■ ! resulted in a loss estimated at several mil- '
1 lion marks, hut in this instance the fire !
. ; occasioned a fall of colored rain In the
1 A V upper Valley. - ....
' The mystery in which the origin of
. many fires is shrouded is really not very
j extraordinary in view of the thousand
• and one ways fires can be occasioned, es
. becially when we consider that the orig
i inator is frequently destroyed before the
fire is put out. Last March at Thornton
i Heath a cat caught fire in the sitting room
i of a shop and then rushed into the shop
itself, speedily setting it ablaze. This was
• a curious origin of a fire, but- the case of ,
. j a fire at Louviers was even more extraor- |
j dinary. , ' ,' ;_';■'■:
, j In this instance a horse washed with |
i paraffin to cure it of a certain complaint !
was left enveloped in. a rug; apparently
: ' the horse became restless, and It is |
i imagined began to paw the stone-paved !
i floor of its stable with its hoofs, with the
i resXilt that the sparks occasioned by. the
Striking of the steel horseshoes on the i
stone floor set' fire to the- poor animal, :
. : which, in turn, set fire to the stable.
which was gutted.
When the English cricketers were over
in Australia one of the reports of the
matches mentioned that owing to tne
bush fires the light was very bad; to
show how bad these fires can be we have
only to mention that during the four worst ;
: I days at a single lighthouse on the coast •
. : there were used '- X "i rockets in order to i
locate its position to passing vessels— a i
j supply sufficient under ordinary circum-
Stances to last a year.
In California, some time ago, a fire was
• extinguished by having wine poured on
It in the absence of water, while cider
on another occasion was used for a like j
i purpose; but without doubt the fire that •
I put :fself out is the most highly to be
! commended. !
Some time ago a fire was occasioned I
I in Melbourne by. rats gnawing some wax !
matches; the heat, however, molted some :
leaden water pipes, and the volume of,
] escaning water extengulshed the flames. I
If it had finished its task and let the mat-
I ter rest there all would have ended well;
I but unfortunately the water once started
l continued to flow, with the result that the
premises were flooded instead of gutted.
K.♦ . ' ■
WON'T PLAY BURGLAR AGAIN.
An Indiana man Whose Joke rroveci
tc Be Expensive.
Down in Fountain County, Indiana,
there was an earthquake shock about a ;
week ago, and Mrs. John Welch of Cov- i
ington thought it was a burglar.
She had just started from the parlor
Into her darkened bedroom when she
heard a glass-and-silver perfumery flask
on her dresser jingle as if it had been hit
and almost tipped over. At the instant
her feet were tangled in the rug at the
threshold, but she fled,, frightened and
dizzy, and called for help.
When her husband came he turned on
the light in the bedroom, and then felt
the second shock. He plainly saw the per
fumery flask rocking, on the marble, and
having traveled in Spanish America knew
what was wrong. From the heights of
his superior information he thought he
would have a little fun at his wife's ex
pense. So he quickly flung a scarf about \
his head, by way of disguise, and ran—
stooping low— from the room.
And his helpmeet, scared to blindness
and half dead with a nausea, yet rallied,
and hurled a spirit lamp at the fleeing fig
ure.
When Mr. Welch had finished playing
the joke, and his neighbors had put out
the fire, he bathed his burns with vaseline
and told the , spectators they needn't
laugh so hard. He didn't make a fool of
himself, except on the recurrence of earth
quakes—which are rare in Indiana.
But the insurance adjusters refused to
allow his claims, either for fire or accident
losses.— Chicago Chronicle.
, ■ -» ■ ■
How He Missed His Diamond Stud.
One of the guests of the Barthnldi Hotel,
who represents a large concern near
Pittsburg, upset the entire hotel staff yes
terday. He appeared at the office and no
tified the head clerk that he had been
robbed of his $250 diamond stud, which
had been taken from his shirt front. The
night clerk was questioned, but no one
had any knowledge of the robbery. The
proprietor was appealed to and he said
he never suspected any one connected
with the house. The guest went out about
his business. He worried all day about
his loss, and reluctantly retired to his
room at night, sorry that he had not told
the police. Pulling off his shirt he dis
covered that he had put it on back to the
front. There was his stud in its proper
place. He had carried it all day on his
back.— New York Correspondence Pitts
burg Dispatch.
THE DOCTORS THAT CURE
ALL DISEASE AND WEAKNESS OF MEN.
America's most Noted and Successful Specialists.
Patients can arrange to pay when well. Free private book, consulta-
tion and advice at office or by mail. Home cures a specialty. Correspond-
ence solicited. All letters confidential.
DR. MEYERS & Gill; San Francisco. l
TAKE ELEVATOR. Hours, Bto 5 daiy ; Evenings, 7to 8 ; Sundays 9to 1.
SILENT TRAVELERS.
A Rural Passenger Strikes a- Still
V Crowd/in a Parlor Car.
In a parlor car that was. pulled out .of
Baitimore-a few days ago were six rav
eling men, headed for Now York/ The
ccnvontionalities to acquaintanceship in
society are not observed by traveling
met., but in this case it happened that the
six preferred their newspapers t i stone.-?,
etc., and each retired with hims _'.! sl-ow
in;: that he wanted to be let alone.
At the first stop an old man boar the
tram, and he, too, had a chair in the par
lor car. for the first time fti his life, as he
told the conductor. He got lonesome and
started in to get acquainted. He picked
out the biggest man— an amiable, Tom
Reed looking traveler from Minneapolis.
"Wher's the depot for Boston? was the
first query of the old man.
Tne big man was not quite prepared to
break the rule of silence established by
his confreres, and made no reply. The old
man waited about as long as an impatient
old man can be expected to wait, a_ia
made another attack.
"I m goin' to Boston when I get to Netv
York, and I want to know if ye know
wher' the Boston depot is." .
The big man looked at the inquirer, but
; said nothing. Once more the old man re
i turnee, on a higher key:
"I say I'm going to Boston— ye know
! w her' the repot is— the depot for Boston
in New York?" . * _ , „',~
The big traveler grunted, shook his
I head and closed his eyes. ] The old man
i turned to the second traveler, looked him
I over and yelled: ___ ,
"I'm goln' to Boston. Do you know
'< wher's the depot for Boston, in New
! York?" ' . '_", ' _
The second man had taken his cue from
the Minneapolis man, and made no reply.
The old man passed to the third traveler
and shook his arm to make sure he was
alive.
"I'm goin' to Boston '"■";__•"■_ ,
But the third man turned his face and
closed his eyes. ' _ ■
"Say, I'm g"in' " was as far as he
got with the fourth man; he had no better
luck with the others.
Just then the conductor, who had seen
and heard the act, passed through. The
old man stopped him and asked him what
was the matter with all the passengers in
hat car. The conductor was a fat man
himself and out for fun. -He said: . -
"There's going to be a convention of
the deaf and dumb in New York, and ad
these men- are delegates." - ■
The . old . man looked them • over again
hastily, and exclaimed:
''Faith, and they're, a lot of dom foine
! looking fellers, but dom poor company.
i When the train reached. the shed at, Jer-
I sey City the six' travelers lined up and
I said all together, in comic opera style:
' "Ha, ha, ha! Wher's the depot for Bos
ton?" , ■ \"l2
The old man dropped his grip, and the
! conductor says the hair on his head stood
I up "so instantly that it knocked off hi-.
! hat."— New York Sun.
DUKE REWARDS AND PUNISHES
Honesty and Dishonesty Adequately |
Recompensed This Time.
The late Duke of Buccleuch, in one of
his walks, purchased a cow in the neigh
borhood of Dalkeith, which was to be sent
to his palace on the following morning.
The Duke, in his morning dress, espied the I
boy ineffectually attempting to drive the
animal forward to its destination. The
boy 1 ; not knowing the Duke, bawled out to
him, "Hie, mun. come here an' gie's a
han' wl' this beast."
The Duke walked on slowly, the boy
still craving his assistance, and at last, in
a tone of distress, exclaimed. "Come here,
mun, an' help us, an' I'll gi'e you half I
get." The Duke went and lent the helping
hand.
"And now," said the Duke, as they
trudged along, "how much do you think
veil get for this job?"
"Oh, I dinna ken," said the boy, "but
I'm sure o' something, for the folk up at
the big house are gride to a' bodies."
A. they approached the house the Duke
disappeared from the- boy and entered by
a different way. Calling a servant, he
put a sovereign in his hand, saying: "Give
that to the boy who brought- the cow."
The Duke having returned to the avenue
was soon re lined by the boy. ,
"Well, how much did you get?" said the
Duke. - '
"A .shilling," said the boy, "an' there s
half o' it t'ye." _
"But surely, you got more than a shill
ing." said the Duke.
"No," said the boy. "that's a I got— and
d'ye no think it's plenty?"
"I do not," said the Duke; "there must
be some mistake, and as I am acquainted
with the Duke, if you return I think I'll
get you more." - .
They went back, the Duke rang the bell
and ordered all the servants to be assem
bled. .. - , . -
"Now." said the Duke to the boy, "point
me out the person that gave you the shill
ing." • , ,
"It was that chap there." pointing to
the butler. The butler confessed and at
tempted an apology, but the Duke indig
nantly ordered him to give the boy the j
sovereign. "You have lost." said the i
Duke, "your money, your situation and I
your character by your covetous'
iearn henceforth that 'honesty is the best •
policy.' " .  ,
The boy by this time recognized his as
sistant in the person of the Duke, and the
Duke was so delighted with the sterling
worth and honesty of the boy that he or
dered him to be sent to school at his ex
pense.—Weekly Telegraph.
— . ■ ♦ ■
Justifiable Profanity.
"What is the charge against this man?' t
asked Justice Potts of Jersey City, when I
William J. Dunn, a ruddy-faced pilot, was
arraigned yesterday.
"Profanity, your Honor, said Police- 1
man Gibson. "Wow: but he did use strong
language." _._ 
"Justifiable profanity, your Honor, said
the prisoner. "Perfectly justifiable. I had
to wait half an hour at Liberty street,
New York, for a boat. "When* I got to the
other side I found that my train would
not start for half an hour. I walked
around to kill time, and when I returned
mv train had just gone. I decided to
come back to New York, and was In
formed that there would not be another
boat for half an hour. Then *T became
angry, and I admit that I might have
used "some pretty strong language."
"I don't blame you for losing your tem
per " said the court. "I might have done
the' same myself. Discharged."— New- .
I York World.
Armor Plate for Bank Vaults.
A Pittsburg trust company has lately
erected a vault, composed of steel armor
plates, which possesses some novel fea
tures. It is nineteen and a half feet by
sixteen and a half feet by nine and a
half feet. The entire front of the vault
is of a single plate or armor eight inches
thick. This is reinforced by a nickel- i
steel plate of the same size only six and
a half inches thick. Therefore the total
thickness is fourteen and a half inches. ;
The door is in the front, and the bolt
work of the door radiates from the center
like spokes from a hub. The armor plates
are dovetailed together and clamped from
the inside. If desired, plates twenty-two
inches thick .can bo used, thus avoiding
the use of bolts. It is thought that ar
mor plate vaults possess remarkable ad
vantages over the old laminated plates.
Other banks are about to adopt the new
system.
ADVERTISEMENTS. -^j!_L-^-l_L_-_LJ_-^
Absolute security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /_^_^^_l^
-ii
Tery small and as easy
to take as sugar.
see teAKTEi^|"SSS : SEE
btb CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. >tC
_,_,t_mx,T, HSITTLE fOR BILIOUSNESS. '' rrM n«io
GENUINE hi ver for torpid liver. GENUINE
MPi LLS FOR COHSTIPATIOH.
Wl?\PPri? em for sallow SKIK. WRAPPFR
MAtTLK I^^ Iforthecomplexioh > yKA^ rLtt
_ ■- . o_____*X7l_C__C _»u»TWAvijy.wATui.**.
25 Certs I -Purely Vegeta-ttle-x-!^^^^**^
"i=__ei_srTE_D oisr red paper."
MUNYON'S INHALER '
a CURES
CATARRH
\^*_s*l Colds, Coughs,
J^al^»pk«ry t Hay Fever, Bron-
H^r^^^chitis, Asthma
\_W*^JsS_ 1 and a -' Diseases i
•jfe-*"^* sW of the Throat and
Clouds of Medicated Vapor are Inhaled
through the mouth and emitted from the nos-
trils, cleansing and vaporizing all the Inflamed
and diseased parts which cannot be reached by
medicine taken into the stomach.
It reaches the sore spots— lt heals the raw
places— lt goes to the seal of disease— It acts as |
a balm and tonic to the whole system— at j
druggists or sent by mail. 1505 Arch St.; Phila.
000000000000000000
l*?" PALACE '-"p -
-_CRAND a_IMkM.%
jl SAN FRANCISCO. Q
" Connected by a covered passageway. •** '
9 1400 Rooms— 9oo v.i h Bath Attached. **»
O All Under One Management. O
O NOTE THE PRICE.*. : ■*. O
O European Plan. 8 t.OO per day and upward O
rt American Plan. s.l.oo per day and upward _
9 Correspondence Solicited. 9
0 JOHN 0. K-BSPATBIGK. Manager. O
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !
«B_^Eia3-M«_--iU_iSH-_H
ELECTRIC BELTS, !
_m^__^^^ < y^_i__^_^__K_ Prices from .3 50 to
i^SS^^vytv^AsV^7^i^3\ |25. : Largest manu-
jK/vx'A * >//* ____ facturers in the Unl-
*^fflt_E_ri»_!_> _«__WJ_fl| _¥ led States. No Quacks
; Jjgu '^__t_jy^^^filmi connected with this
/Vk<_--hs_S<_W^ -^^*V" establishment.
/ i .^^-tL-TY" fv N E_T For particulars ;
*a }_z=. call or send 2o in '
"Vj-fv. stamps for '•Booklet
f .- i- - No. 2.'* Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. 8. F. • !
/£"*>_ LADIES do wo nm
\r r_JZf DR. FELIX LE BRUM'S '
*Uf*s Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
Ti J is the original and only FRENCH,
I r safe and reliable care on the mar-
y *■■•*■ ket. Price. £1-00; sent by maiL
C \ Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAK-BENDER & CO., Solo Agents, i
214 Kearny at., -Jan Francisco. |
__
/ r^\x Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/b*t_Jdl% <f»2o KKABXY «T. Established
__3^_*3t^'n 1554 for the treatment ol Priviita
a Dr. Glhhon's Dispensary,
f»25 KFARKV «T- Established I
in 1M54 for the treatment ol HrlvaW '
Diseases, Lost Manhood De'oillt" or '
fißHl___» J, Sy« disease wearing on body and mind and '
Z-^iSS-i-^ Skin liikenses. The doc.or cures when
-•'SiS^.^^othe.jfiiL Try him. charges low .
?**___S«__'t-i_i Cnr.neuaranteeii. C;.llorwrit<i I
»r. J. V- »-_CIi_!OJS» Boa 1 ; .-an Francisco
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS— RE-
modeled and renoioted. KING, WARD A •
CO European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 60 day; I
$5 to 1- week; $S to $30 month. Free baths; hot
android water every room; Are grates in every
1 rocm; elevator runs all night.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. j
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
| THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR. '
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES. ....
NO OTHER TINE OFFERS SO MANY IN- '
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628 !
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN ttSL
OAKLAND OFFICE, 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 .1 Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara Street. !
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Coinineili I-■ : April 23. 1899. ■__._■ •
' FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:00. *S:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m..
: •1:45, 3:20. 4:00, --6:00, 6:30 p. b.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
! Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
1 and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. • •
SUNDAYS-*S:00. "9:00. -10:00. 11:00. 11:30 a. I
; m * 100 <_:«. *2:30, "4:00. 5.30. 8:45 p. m.
ii-00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
5-30 p m. does not run to Mill Vai'y Sundays.
Train'-* marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5-.25. "6:40. 7:55. 8:40. -10:20
! a m.: 12:30. 2:15. "3:40. 4:35. 5:15 p. m. • .
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and' Saturdays, at C:4O and 10:15 p.#J.
■ SL-XD*VYS-7:W. -8:00. -9:45. -10:45. '• -11:45
I am; 1:00. 2:20. -3:30. -5:15. **6:00, 7:00. 10:15
P Trains marked .•) run to San Quentin.
FROM Mill VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50, 7:55. 8:55. 10:33
lam- 12:35. 2:45. 4:55. 6:20 p. D.
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p, m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 10:00. 11:10 . a. «... 12:05.
I I*2o "2*40 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m. . -
-1 ' THROUGH TRAINS.
1 7*oo a. m week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns,
3-20 p m Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
1 5*15 p. m- week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
I B*oo a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
, 1:45 p- m." Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San -Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m. -
| Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at .5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing, arriving In San Francisco at 11:20
p. *n.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
I and 4. p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SOX. Arts.. 621 Market st.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SO II I-1 It X PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SYHTEW.)
'Train* leave _%__«_ art* tine i«» arrive at
SAN ll(t-*(iMO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
lEavk —' ■ From August 2. 1899. — abeiti
7:00 a 8.-nicia, Suisan and Sacramento 5:45r
7:OOa Marysrille, Orovl'.leand Bedding via
Woodland 8:43p
7.00 a. Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsej. t.:3op
7»»0 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Napa,
CaJiotoga and Santa Rosa ..... 6:13p
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogilcn and East.. 9il3__
Mil San .lose. Liveriaore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Placerville,
Marysvllle, Chlco, Red Bluff 4:l»r
_:.lOa "Milton, Oakdaleand aonora 4:13p
8:34. a Yo3emito Valley via Oakdaio and
Chinese ? ! !9 r
9:00*. Hajv.ards, Niks and Way Stations. 11:43 a
9:OOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
recti find Fresno.. 12i18f
UsUUa Fresno, JJakerslield. Santa l->ul>ara,
Los Angeles, Deralng, El Paso,
New Orleans and East 8:43*
IO:OOA Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.-- p
11:00 a Haywardß, Nilcs and Way Stations. 8 :43p
1!_:OOm NUes, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
- PcrtervUlo.. 4:l»p
»l:OOp Sacramento River Steam.-ra •S:OOp
B:OOr Haywards, NlUfc and Way Stations. 5:43p
Martiuez, Kan Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Call_*t)(,'a, Sauta Rosa OxlO*
4iooi* Benicia, Vacaville, Sacrauieuto,
Woodland, Knights Lauding,
' Marysville, Orovilie 10:40 a
4189p Niles, San Joaoaud Stockton 7:13p
4:SOp Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13p
OtOOpThe Owl. Tracy, Fresno. Bakers-
field. Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles. -_^*_5*
B:80p Stockton. Merced, Fresno l_i:lop
• 0:30 p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavo and Los Angeles 8:43 a
Si-tiii' Santa I'm Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and East Bi43p
•iOOp Chicago-San Francisco Special, Ogden
and East J?'? 0 *
6:OOp Haywards, Niles and San J05e...... 7«-» a
•6:001. Vailejo 12: 1
17:00p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way SU-
tions J9:33p
B>o3r Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys- ..
ville, Redding. Portland, Puget _ ,_.
■ .Sound and East 8:13 a
COAST DIVISION (Xarrotv (.aage).
(Foot of Market Street.) |
17i43a Santo Cruz Excursion for Santo _„_,_,
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JBio3p
8:18 a Newark.Centervillc, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations.. B-38P
*2>lsr Newark, Centervillo, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santo Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:80*
4:13 San Jose, Olenwood and Way Sta-
tions «-»••»*>*
Mi I Felton, Santo Cruz and Way Sta-
tions /9:20 a,
♦ CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
l"romSiK FRANCISCO— FooI of llark.t Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 A.M. Jl'oo *2:00 .3:00
•4:00 .5:03 '6:03r.M.
From OAKLAND— Foot of Br_--v-..*>.— -0:00 8:00 10:00_..M.
tl2:00 *1:03 .2:00 -3:00 t -1:00 *S:OOr.M.
COAST lUVISION (r.roaiHlaugc).
(Third and Townsend Sts.) ;
•«: l a Ocean View, South San. Francisco. . *»:30p
>7:OOa San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) "SiOOa
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion lot Santa Cruz,
Pi.cific Grove and Principal V.'ay
Stations JB:B3p
OiOOa Han 'Jose, Trcs Pinos, Bauta Cruz,
Pacilio Clove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Ol.ispo, Surf, Lompoc ami
. Principal Way Stations 4:l0p
IO:40a San Jose mid Way Stations 55***
11:30 a San Jose and Way Stations li3op
•2:4SpSan Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santo Clara, San .lose,
Hollister, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacilic Grove *I0:8<»__
•8::iOp San Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way SUtions »7:30p
•4:13r San .losean.l Principal Way St.-t.lons 9:43 a
•3 :OOr San Josoand Principal Way Stations *5:33._
3:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations *O:O0a
• • 6:30 San Jose ami Way Stations .*_:3op
tll:4-_r Sau Joseaud Way Stations... t7::»0p
• A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 • Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Saturday only.
hSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN ST. COL
I_,__S£3H;Hl
SMI FBANCISCO AND NORTH PACIRC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL ,
WEEK DAYS— 8:00, 11:00 a. m. ; _.:»,'
8:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— E__tra trips at I:6*
and 11:80 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 6:30, 11.00 a. m.| I^o. .*•*%>
6:00, 6:20 p. m. _
SA.N RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, lino a. tn.; 13:«!,.
1:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:56' and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40. 6:01.
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above. __^
Leave I Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco. ,
_, April 16, L -4
Week " Sun- ls?9. [ &•'/>- Week
Days. daya. Destination. ' days. Daya I
{ _____ i J. i -— •
T:3 am 8:00 am! Novato, Il0:40am 8:40 ana
; 1:30 pm! 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:25 am.
5:10 p.'.n 6:00 pm, Santa Rosa. 7:35 pjn 6:20 pm.
' J Fulton,
Ml am Windsor, 10:35 am
Healdsbury,
Lytton,
Geyser%-ille,
I: to pm 8:00 am CloverdaJe, 7:35 pm 6:10 pra
-10 am ! Hopland and 10:25 ana
8:30 pm 8:00 am L'kiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pta,
tab ami "" ' "~~ W* 2s am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
1:30 pm j «:--0 P"»
7:30 am 8:00 am' Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm! 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm] 6:10 pra
7:30 ami 8:00 am Sebaatopol. 10:40 am 10: am,
; 1:30 pm| 5:00 pm! I 7:35 pm 6:20 pmi
I Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West 1
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
i for Lvtton Springs; at GeyaerviUe for Skagg»
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-.
i land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs*
Kelsevvllle. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartiett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
; Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.,
Potter Valley,' John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's,
Bur-knell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle,'
'■ Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.'
Navarro. Whltesboro. Albion. Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts. Laytonville. Cum-,
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olson's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka .... . -_.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. ■■ t . .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pointy
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bids,
H C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. A * en^
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQU®
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 1"*, 18», trains will run as follQ-gtt
" South-bound. I N or -, h: l t SoI l _
Passen-I Mixed. Mixed. Passagr
ger. i Sunday Stations. Sunday JWfc
DeMy lExc'ptdi ___!____ Da "->*.
7:20 am 10:30 ami Stoekton | 3:45 •>' m i s*?! pm
9*lo am ''•05 pm Merced. 12:40 pm 4:13 pra
10.40 am 5:3§ pi - '. Fresno >:30 am 2:42 pi»
11*38 am 7-4". .m Hanf.->rd : 7:15 am l:4o pm
.-2. ml) am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11-S8 am 6*15 pm Visalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
12:15 t-m- 1:53 pm) Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at Intermediate points .- re -i ; 'ir-_"
For particulars of stag.- and other cormeenwi-
inquire at Tr-jfflc Department. 321 Market st..
San Francisco. ———»
' IwiirfstiLflfliiTiiffl
910
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wheat turns the corner and starts up again.
Barley firmer, with a rise in futures.
Oats dull and unchanged. Com and Rye ditto.
Hay weaker again under increasing receipts.
Feedstuff's stand as before quoted.
Bean market overbought and prices falling back.
Silver and financial; quotations unchanged.
Very light stocks of Hops left on hand.
Fruit and Vegetable markets gorged.
Poultry in free supply and low.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs rule firm.
Government demand for dried Peaches and Apples.
Provisions in good demand at previous prices.
Wool and Hides remain as before.
Mutton and Lamb advanced. Beef easy. Hogs firm.
Grain Bags rule strong, with light stocks.
No variation in Rice.
*
Charters.
The Annie Johnson loads mdse for Hilo.
The Forte-riot was chartered prior to arrival
for wheat from Tacoma to Euope, 355.
The Forrest Hall was chartered prior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe. 30s.
The Hop Trade.
The annual circular of LHlenthal & Co. gives
the production of Hops In IS9S as follows:
Acres. Bales.
California 6.000 **•%*
Oregon 15.500 .I._-
Washington ,5.000 J6.200
Total 26,500 181. 9_fl
Total stock on hand June 30. IS9S.. 20.7«
Total Pacific Coast crop, IS9S 131.950 172.650
Total rail shipments 157 - 1 2?
Total water shipments 6.930
Total consumed by coast brewers.. 3.-00 16, .2..0 :
Total stock on hand July 1. 1899. 5.400
Of the 5400 bales on hand July 1, 1899. only
about 2230 bales were of the 1898 crop, the bal
ance being mostly remnants from' the 1895
crop.
On August 1, 1899, there were less than 1000
bales of the IS9S crop remaining unshipped, and
the bulk of these have been sold to brewers
and are here awaiting shipment.
During 1898-9 the brewers on '••'• Pacific coast
only purchased 3200 bales, as against 5800 bales
the year before. This does not mean a less
ened output of beer or that brewers use less
hops to the barrel than usual, but it indicates
that, brewers have worked into and used up
their reserve stock. We believe that this is
true of the entire United States and that the
brewers all over -he world are going into the
new season with the lightest stock ever known,
while everywhere stocks in dealers' hands are
practically exhausted.
On Jul. 1, IS9B, there were 20,700 bales remain
ing unshipped on the Pacific coast, while on
July 1 1899, there were only 5400 bales of all
grades', including about 1500 bales of the 189..
crop unfit for brewing purposes.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 11. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 56 Independence c 8
Red Bluff 88 Los Angeles 82
Sacramento San Diego 72
Fresno 92, Yuma 102
San Luis Obispo 74
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60; minimum. 54; mean. 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen over Oregon and
Washington. The pressure changes over the
northern half of the Pacific coast are unusu
ally rapid and probably Indicate the proximity \
Of a large low area over the North Pacific.
The temperature has risen slightly over Ore
gon and Southern Idaho arid has fallen in the j
great valleys of California. Throughout Cali
fornia the 'temperatures are from two to six i
degrees below the normal.
A thunderstorm is reported at Kalispe.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight August 12. 1599:
Northern California— Cloudy Saturday; prob
ably light sprinkles early Saturday morning In
Hie" northern portion; fresh southwesterly
winds. - - '-  ,
Southern California— Saturday; light
westerly winds. .
Nevada— Cloudy Saturday.
Utah— Cloudy Saturday.
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Saturday;
fresh southwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER G.'McADIE.
Forecast Official.
___-
4 ■ »
EASTERN MARKET&
« _ 1
New York Stock Market. ■
NEW YORK. Aug. ll.—The stock market
made som. show of activity and strength in
the early dealings to-day, but the movement
had about exhausted itself before the end of
the first hour. The heavy tone In railroad
stocks affected the industrials, which had start
ed to go up. and realizing set in which helped
the bears. The market refused to go up again
and drifted quite aimlessly for the rest of the
day the volume of business falling .to the low
est ebb. The stocks which made the early ac
tivity were iron and steel and leather.
Borne of- the former ■ group had quite
handsome net gains remaining at the close of
the day. Federal Steel and Colorado Fuel being
the only ones In the group .to show net losses.
Tennessee Coal as still foremost In the move
ment and touched *': -_. but failed to make Its
net gain a whole point. There was a tremen
dous scramble to take on United States Leather
and the price touched 10%. Practically the
whole of its gain was wiped out in a realizing
movement and the preferred stock closed below
last night. There was a midday demand for
Mexican Central and Mexican National, which
was unexplained In the day's news. Oregon
Navigation lost 2% of Its recent rise. A few
railroad stocks showed fractional gains, but the
gener--l tone was heavy.
Call loans were about steady to-day, and the
decline to 2 '-_ late in the dealings was of little
significance, as it occurred after most of the
demand had been satisfied.
.Movements in bonds were sluggish and ir
regular and business was not large. Total
sales, par value, $1,093,000.
United States new fours advanced % in the
bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
800 Atchison 20%
17,380 Atchison prefd 63%
700 Baltimore & Ohio 48%
Canadian Pacific 87%
Canada Southern 54
1.462 Chesapeake & Ohio 2v 7 ,
1.450 Central Pacific 64%
5.050 Chicago Great Western.. 14%
8.450 Chicago, Burlington _ Quincy 137
20-1 Ccblcago Ind & St Louis 9%
 Chicago Ind <_ St Louis prefd...... .1
Chicago & East Illinois : 72
Chicago & Northwestern 16014
6 S6l Chicago Rock Island and Pacific lib.
'600 C C C & St Louis 57%
1,012 Colorado Southern 4%
276 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 46%
126 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 17 "
462 Delaware & Hudson 123
3C»> Delaware Lack & Western 177
ClO Denver & Rio Grande 20%
Denver <_ Bio Grande prefd 74%
Erie 13%
".■4OO Erie Ist prefd... : 37%
420 Great Northern prefd 16.
5,230 Hocking Coal 16%
Hocking Valley 24
500 Illinois Central 114
200 lowa Central 13
400 lowa Central prefd 31%
4.100 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf 14%
800 Lake Erie & Western 21%
Lake Erie & Western prefd 78%
Lake Shore '. 2d'..
3.650 Louisville & Nashville 7«%
2.120 Manhattan L 11' 1 ,.
550 Metropolitan Street Railway 20.%
14,520 Mexican Central 15%
COO Minn & St Louis 8->%
175 Minn & St Louis prefd 90
1. 410 Missouri Pacific «V 4
Mobile & Ohio ••- 43
1.600 Missouri Kansas & Texas 12%
9,250 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 3J>V_
342 New Jersey Central.. 117%
1,032 New. York Central 138%
1.100 Norfolk & Western 21%
' 1,-900 Norfolk & Western prefd...' "2%
7,070 Northern Pacific 53.4
100 Northern Pacific prefd _"'" •
3.200 Ontario __ Western !..% \
■ 1,000 Oregon Railway A Nay -. 45%
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 75
2,610 Pennsylvania 136
700 Reading 22%
3,630 Reading Ist prefd 60%
400 Reading 2d prefd 33%
Rio Grande eWstern 30
Rio Grande Western prefd 75%
400 St Louis & San Fran 11%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 72 i
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35% '
1.255 St Louis Southwestern 16%
325 St Louis Sou thews tern prefd 39
8,950 St Paul 131% '
St Paul prefd 173% .
! St Paul & Omaha \ 112
| 3.650 Southern Pacific 35% |
Southern Railway 11%
1.420 Southern Railway prefd 52% J
100 Texas & Pacific 21% I
3,050 Union Pacific 44%
1,650 Union Pacific prefd 77%
100 Wabash 73 ,
200 Wabash prefd 22% I
850 Wheeling & L E 10 !
5.400 Wheeling & L E prefd 24% j
Wisconsin Central 16 |
P C C & St L 71% !
Express Companies —
. Adams 113 ]
American 140 [
United States 50 j
Wells Fargo 127 !
Miscellaneous — ■
210 American Cotton Oil 41% !
ISS American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
230 American Malting 17 i
200 American Malting prefd 67 j
850 American Smelting and Ref 41% I
1,535 American Smelting & Ref prefd 88% j
American Spirits '. 5 ... j
American Spirits prefd SO 3 ! I
5,530 American Steel Hoop 37% i
1,815 American Steel Hoop prefd M 7„
23.075 American Steel & Wire 60-%
5.275 American Steel & Wire prefd 99%
i 2,124 American Tin Plate 42%
393 American Tin Plate prefd 88
8,010 American Tobacco 115%
American Tobacco prefd 141
2.950 Anaconda Mining Co 37%
8.380 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 114%
9,120 .Colorado Fuel & Iron 52
. 625 Continental Tobacco 46
1.014 Continental Tobacco prefd ''4
2,660 Federal Steel ; 5934
1.755 Federal Steel prefd 82%
: Genera! Eelectric 123%!
213 Glucose Sugar 67
j Glucose Sugar prefd 109 '
415 International Paper 42 I
515 International Paper prefd 7^
100 I_acled<_ Gas -,7./ i
290 National Biscuit 48 I
National Biscuit prefd...: 100%
3,050 National Lead 33" I
230 National Lead prefd 11".. i
3,660 National Steel 55% 1
850 National Steel prefd 9.L, 1
.100 New York Air Brake 193 "
1,700 North American _2U !
210 Pacific Coast 4:; I
j Pacific Coast Ist prefd 86 1
100 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62%
410 Pacific Mail 46% !
. 4. 152 People's Gas ex dlv 120% i '
1 1,495 Pressed Steel Car 59% I :
700 Pressed Steel Car prefd SS% j !
' Pullman Palace Car 15. |
200 Standard Rope & Twine 8%
15,880 Sugar 163%. ! [
112 Sugar prefd 119%;.
10.570 Tennessee Coal & Iron 52% '
; 107,5.3 United States Leather 9% ' ]
; 14,660 United States Leather prefd 74% j !
100 United States Rubber 5] I ;
! United States Rubber prefd 116 j ,
315 Western Union 90 !
400,000 Shares sold. 1
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 10f.% M X & T 2ds 67
Do 3s reg 108% Do 4s 93% '
Do 3s coup 108*-, N Y-C lsts 113% '
Do new 4s reg... 129% N J C G 5s 121%
Do 4s coup 129% N Carolina 6s 128
Do old 4s reg 112% j Do 4s 104'
Do old 4s coup. ..113 N Pac lsts 113
Do 5s reg 111% I Do 3s .- 66% [ :
Do 5s coup 111% Do 4s 102-;
i Dist of Col 3.655.. 117 IN YC& St L .107% '
j Ala class A 11l N & W con 4s 9.'" '
Do class B 11l Do gen Or- 135 '
Do class c 104 'Or Nay lsts 112%
Do Currency 100 Do 4s 100% 1
I Atchison gen 45...10P'. Or Short Line 65.. .130 , !
! Atch adj 4s *.5 : _ Do con 5s 112%
Can So 2ds 111 . . Reading G 4s 88%
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 97% G W lsts.... 98%
Do 5s US*; St L & I M C 05. .113%
! Chi & Nor .-on 7s..H3._;St L & S F G 85.. .123%
j Do S F deb -55... 122 St Paul cons r <',
; Chi Term 4s 100 St PC & P lsts. pp.
i Den & R G 15t5... 106 | Do 5s 122 i
Do 4s :..- . So Railway 5s 109
I E T V & G lsts... 98% Stand R & T 65.... 84
j Erie Gen 4s 72% Term new set 35... 96
FW & D C lsts.. 79 T & P lsts 115%
Gen Elec 5s 116 Do 2ds 5.1.
jGH& SA 63 no v Pac 4s 10414
i Do 2ds ins Can So 4s .it "
I H & T C os 110% Wabash lsts 115%
[ Do con 6s 11l I Do 2ds 100 1.,
, lowa Cent lsts 115 West Shore 4s 114>;
KCP4G lsts... 71 Wis Cen lsts 7.%
ILa new con 4s 106 Va Centuries 85!
j La & N Uni 4s 99% Do deferred 5
MINING STOCKS.
■Chollar 22 Ontario 6 50
i Crown Point 25 Ophir 1 10
I Con t'al & Va 2 00 i Plymouth 10;
I Dead wood 60 Quicksilver 190 '
I Gould & Curry 42 Do preferred 750 :
', Hale & Norcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada 63
, Home-stake ....62 00 Standard 2 40 i
! Iron Silver 50 Union Con 30 :
Mexican -. . . 53 Yellow Jacket 34 I
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
j Money — West End 95
j Call loans 3%«'_% Do prefrd 113 ;
1 Time loans 4 @3 Wis Central 16 )
I Stocks— Ponds —
I Atch T &S F 20% Atchison 4s 100 1
I Do prefrd 63% Wis Central ls 76 ! _ :
Amer Sugar 1.3 I Mining Shares —
I Do prefrd 11? Adventure 9 '
! Bell Tele 340 ;Allouez Mm C 0.... 7%
! Boston & Albany. .2s.. Atlantic 28 j
I Boston Ele 108% Boston & Mont 355 I
! Boston & Maine. ..2oo ! Butte. & Boston... 76 i
I Chi B & Q 137 Cal A Hecla 830 !
'Fitchburg prefrd. .l2o [Centennial 84
j Gen Elec 124 iFranklln 20% :
! Do prefrd 140 j Humboldt 2%
Fed Steel 59 ' A; Osceola 90
! ' I*, prefrd «2% Parrot 53% !
i Mexican Cent 13% Qulncy 158 !
Mich Tele 98 j Santa Fe Cop 13%
Old Colony 206 Tamarack 225 !
: Old Dominion Winona 12 j
Rubber 51 Wolverines 47%
Union Pacific 44%, Utah M 44
The Money Market.
_
i NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Money on call, steady, j
i 2''_@3% per cent; last loan, 2% per cent; prime
! mercantile paper, 4 1 4'_t5 per cent; sterling ex
! change, steady, with actual business in bank- ,
I ers' bills $4 8540-4 85% for demand and $4 5>2' 2 'g> I
j 4 .2% for sixty days; posted rates, $4 S2%_; !
I 4 87%; commercial bills, $4.1%; silver certifl- j
I sates, 60%@61; bar silver, 60% c; Mexican dol
' . lars, 4.sc. Government bonds firm: state bonds
j inactive; railroad bonds irregular.
Cash in the Treasury.
; ; WASHINGTON, Aug. 11.— To-day's statement
1 '■ of the condition of the trasury shows: Avail
, able cash balance, $273,497,-97; gold reserve,
1 $215,535,690.
London Market.
' . NEW YORK, Aug. 11. -The Commercial Ad- |
j vertiser's London financial cablegram says: ,
1 ! The market here 'opened cheerful, but the news
, of the withdrawal of £400,000 gold from the
, ! bank for tne Cape brought about a reversal of I
, ; the tone, alarming the money market and j
, j causing political uneasiness . Americans flue
. tuated narrowly and the close was fractionally
irregular.
'. ' CLOSING. . __
i 1 LONDON. Aug. 11.— Canadian Pacific, 100%;
- - -
THE SAT* FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, 1899.
Northern Paciflo preferred. 80%; Union Pacific
preferred, 79%; Atchison. 21%; bar silver, quiet,
27 11 ISd; Money, 2% per cent.
ft- ft
| Bradstreet's Financial Review.
I
A __ ;- ■ ■» I
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— Bradstreet's financial
review to-morrow will say:
A rather bullish temper prevailed this week I
in spite of the continuance of narrow profes- I
sional speculation. A slight relaxation of call !
loan rates, which though by no means general j
nor to all appearances assuredly permanent, |
resulted In quotations* of 2%r<.3% per cent :
toward the end of the week, had a good ef
fect and supplemented the favorable conclu
sions of Wall street about the crops and their
results in connection with railroad traffic and
earnings. There was a disposition to take an
exaggerated view of the significance of the
Secretary of the Treasury's order to resume the
issue of gold certificates to the extent of $10,
--000,000. The plausible view of this matter is j
that it is an experiment which if successful I
in relieving the demand for notes will be fol- j
lowed by the return of the more or less re
stricted Issue of . the certificates In question. ;
The market, however, was influenced for a
moment by unfounded reports that the plans
of the Treasury included an Increase in the |
Government's national bank deposits, or other
measures calculated to help the money market
while subjected to the pressure of the crop i
movement combined with the augmented de- i
mands arising from the activity of business. |
Increased Interest is shown in the condition j
of Western banks and in the question of how
far they can provide the money needed to har
vest and move the crops without any large
demands on New York lor existence, the mat- i
ter being emphasized by the fact that con
siderable amounts of money from other cities
are said to have been loaned in New York this
week The further decline in exchange referred
to elsewhere and the probability of gold imports ;
as soon as the autumnal grain movement be- .
gins was an additional reason for the increased
Indifference with which Wall street regarded ;
the question of higher money rates as an ob
stacle to a further exhibition of bullish specu
lation. Consequently the firmness of time '
money, which has been held at 4%@5 per cent, j
had decidedly less Influence, though In con- i
servative quarters the necessity of caution is j
urged in view of the high prices for securities
and the probability that money will command j
permanently better rates. London was hardly j
a 'tor In this market except so far as the ■
action of Its money market influenced the finan- :
cial situation here. The foreign transaction?
in our stocks were about equally divided be- •
tween buying and selling and amounted to lit- |
tie. Activity on the part of the commission I
houses was restricted, indicating that the pub- j
lie's share In speculation is rather unimportant, !
though toward the end of the week there ap- .
peared to be some renewed buying from that j
source. Pool operations in some of the leading I
stocks and speciajties furnished occasion, how
ever, for nearly all the activity the market ex
hibited, and In most cases where efforts were :
put forth to advance a stock a following of
buying orders was secured. In spite of its
strong undertone, the market has been some- !
what spasmodic and Irregular, and In the bond I
department the combined effects of dullness and I
higher rates for money produced some conces- i
sions, particularly among bonds bearing a low !
rate of interest, but which sell at a high I
figure. !
. . ••> |
7 ■' i
! Bradstreet's on Trade. \
i j
, _ ______ - - ,
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Bradstreet's to-mor- .
row will say:
Crop reports and Drobabilities have consti- j
tuted an Important contribution to general ! I
trade and business advices this week. Among j '
the unquestionably favorable features have
been the reports regarding the corn crop, Gov- I
eminent estimates pointing to a yield of prob
ably 2,200,000,000 bushels, a heavy increase over '
last year, and almost within touch of the rec- ,
ord of the total of 1896. Spring wheat indica
tions apparently bear out earlier trade advices
In showing a decrease in condition during July.
The reduction of 25,000,006 bushels in the prob
able outcome estimated, however, considerably- |
smaller it Is true than last year, but with the
exception of 1898 and IS9I, the heaviest re- | ■
corded.
The iron and steel situation is particularly i i
interesting at present, though not specially [ :
active at Eastern markets. Western advices j i
are of heavy demand, scarce supplies of ma- * !
terlals, high prices and increasing volume of |
business booked for next year. The production | ;
of pifriron was the largest ever known, but in j
Mote of this stocks showed a decrease, and l '
current lotion is easily at the rate of i
14.000.000 tons a year. The annual railroad car I ;
famine is apparently at hand, reports of In- |
sufficient transportation facilities being par- )
ticularly prominent In the coke and coal Indus- j ;
tries. Hides, leather, boots and shoes are sym- ;
pathetically strong, and at a convention of shoe j
manufacturers at Philadelphia this week a' i
practical agreement to advance prices of the ,
finished product was reached. Wool is firm on
steady manufacturing demand, particularly for '
the finer grades of domestic, and advices from j
the manufacturing industry are generally fa- j
vorable. Lumber ls firm, as is also sugar, for !
which an unprecedented demand Is looked for > \
in the current season. The outlook in the : '
canned goods trade generally is reported a very '
good one. ■ .'-. --.;•■
Business failures for the week in the United
States number IBS, as compared with 156 last ! ;
week. 157 a year ago. and 214 In 1897. In Canada ;
failures number 27, against 26 last week, 33 a
year ago and 37 In 1897.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the !
week aggregate 3,616.134 bushels, against 4.711.-
Cl 4 bushels last week. 3,928.606 .bushels In the ;
corresponding week of IWJ, 4,465,519 bushels in
1897. 2.633,216 bushels in 1896 and 1,824,628 bushels !
in 1895. Since July 1, this season, the exports
of wheat aggregate 22,125,000 bushels, against
15, 354, 728 bushels last year and 16,115,543 bushels j
In 1897-98.
ft ; ■ ft
Dun's Review of Trade.
$ -*>
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s j
weekly review of trade will say to-morrow:
After great expansion business hesitates. This i
year it is astonishing that hesitation has been I
so slight. In one branch after another buying '
has halted, only to be followed by larger buy- j
ing.- The output of iron furnaces .In blast
August 1 was 269,032 tons weekly, or 6.8 per cent I
more than in 1892 and 2.7 per cent more than
last year. With a decrease of 27.367 tons In un- |
sold stocks, nearly half In charcoal Iron, the !
apparent consumption and exports did not ex- |
ceed 1.120,744 tons, which barely equals the low- j
est report of production on August, 1, and other !
furnaces have started since that date, with |
several more to follow. The supply appears to j
be at least equal to the demand, although |
new demands for the week have covered 2100 j
tons for new buildings at Chicago, with much |
for bridges and 4000 tons for buildings at Pitts
burg. In bars loth Eastern and Western mills
are unable to take orders offered, nor In plates i
can they take all orders anywhere', while in I
sheets the Western mills are overcrowded,
though the Eastern demand Is lighter. ( The j
Connellsville coke output is again 192,556 : tons
for the week, with .only 530 ovens Idle, and j
prices are unchanged. Tin, following London,
has risen to 32c, but fell to 31.85 c. and copper
ls hard to get at IS%o for lake. Lead Ik quoted I
at $4 50@4 60. Sole leather has slightly ad
vanced with buff and split, but the convention !
of boot and shoe makers proposes to advance j
prices, though without definite authority. New j
orders arc now In some lines larger than the i
works can accept, though In many outers more !
moderate and not exceeding half the output. >
Chicago reports hides slightly lower for pack- '
ers, but a shade higher for country buff and i
heavy cows.
Wool is a little less after Its great rise and ,
Inside quotations are sometimes accepted, but I
sales at the three chief markets have been
20,200,690 pounds in two weeks, against 23.495,
--800 In the same weeks of 1..97, and 16,436,000
pounds In the same weeks of 1892. __
-Wheat receipts at the West have been 8,632.580 >.
bushels In two weeks, against 5,643,960 bushels I
last year, making it hard to believe' the un
favorable crop estimates which still come for- |
ward from unofficial and official sources. The 1
exports have slackened, amounting to only
6,269,183 bushels, flour included, from Atlantic i
ports, against 5,945,311 bushels last year, and
from Pacific ports, 400,020 bushels, against 920.
--155 last. year, other exports being 64S.SS0 bush- j
els. '-■:■*. '
Contradictory stories about foreign crops
weigh but little compared with the actual buy
ing of grain and movement from the farm
ers. The truth seems to be that the supply ot
wheat In the spring wheat region Is larger
than anybody has supposed. •
Failures for the week have been 136 in the
United States, against 196 last year, and 29
in Canada, against IS last year.
<5 . -J.
Nezv York Grain and Produce-.
$, — ft
NEW YORK. Aug. 11.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,204 barrels; exports, 15.853. Unsettled and
fairly, active at generally higher prices. Win
ter patents, $3 60@>3 80; do straight, $3 30<f?
3 43; Minnesota patents, $3 65@3 80; ' bakers, $3
(J?3 15.
WHEAT— Receipts, 86,625 bushels; exports.
74,522. Spot firm; No. 2 red, 77% cf. o. b.
■
afloat spot; No. 1, Northern Duluth, 7_%c f. o.
b. afloat spot;' No 1, hard Duluth. 82% cf. o.
b. afloat; No. 2. red, 75% c elevator. Options
opened strong at %c advance on the bullish
government crop, but sold off under disap
pointing cables and realizing. The afternoon
feature was a second active advance on alarm
of shorts led by St. Louis, closed strong at
about the top point of the day. and l%c above
the previous night; May, S0l 4 ?JSI%c, closed
81% c; September, 74%076%c. -closed 76% c; De
cember, 77' ca78%c, closed, 7S%c.
HOPS— . i
HIDES— Steady.
Wool-.
METALS— s metal market was a ;
small one. taken as a whole. The news from |
primary points and aboard hardly warranted
aggressiveness on the part of either buyer or
sellers. Tin went off under more liberal of
ferings: iron and lead were steady, but not
quotably higher; copper and spelter. were un
changed. At the close the exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants steady, with $15 bid and
$15 25 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $18 50.
TIN- -Lower at $31 25 bid and $31 50 asked.
LEAH- Steady at $4 60 bid and $4 62% asked.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 35 and for
copper, $18 75® 19.
SPELTER— Unchanged at $5 75. . _.v ._•;; ;■■-■ I
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged |
to 5 points net lower. Sales, 4000 bags, In- j
eluding: September, - $4 40; October, $4 45: No- I
vember, $4 50; December, $4 90. Spot coffee-
Rio, dull and barely steady: mild, quiet, but I
about steady; Cordova. 7%011c.
SUGAR— for raw; refined, firm, with
fair trade. •»'"'-
BUTTER— 2553 packages. Firm;
State dairy, 13.,_i7W.c; State creamery, 160
19' 2 c; Western creamery, 16019 %c; factory, 13
©15c.
EGGS— Receipts. 5246 packages. Firm; West
ern ungraded, 11014 cat mark.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— California dried fruits
quiet.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, B%<__B.->c; choice, 8%09%c.
PRUNES— 3%OBc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c: Moorpark, 14'SlSc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, ll(fll%c.
| <S ___ * i
Bank Clearings.
; <_. . _ _ <_ :
NEW YORK, Aug. ll.—The following table, J
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear- .
[ ings at all principal cities for the "week ended j
August 11, with the percentage of increase and
j decrease, as 'compared with the corresponding
I week last year:
Percentage
Cities— Inc. Dec.
New York $910.479.55S 18.8
i Boston 118,383,044 27.4 ....
Chicago 157,728.067 73.8
i Philadelphia 78.745.112 15.0
St. Louis 33.370,504 23.3 ....
Pittsburg 24,182,069 42.4 '■
Baltimore 77,924,594 20.4 !
'■ San Francisco 17,151.089. 36.5 .... |
Cincinnati 13,126,800 13.5
'■ Kansas City ' 12.901,633 32.3
> New Orleans 5,617,594 2.6
Minneapolis 7.764,447 29.9 . ....
; Detroit 10.152.024 6.5
Cleveland 9.807.500 42.6
'Louisville 7,718.600 29.3
! Providence 6,358,500 47.5 —
Milwaukee 4.023.261 14.7
i St. Paul 3.637.305
I Buffalo i 5,138,012 24.1
! Omaha 5,460,878
j Indianapolis 5,176,983 3.6
I Columbus, 0 ...'.... 3,921,300 6.2
I Savannah 1,863.015 25.6
j Denver 3.193,451 19.9
! Hartford 2.534,036 31.5
| Richmond 2,928,963
i Memphis ;.. 2,415.452 .... 2.8
Washington 2,173,517 1.8
I Peoria '... 1,914.555 45.5
I Rochester 1,667,799 'J.
: New Haven.. 1,813.788 42.0
i Worcester 1,144,488 22.7
I Atlanta 1.282.042 30.9
! Salt Lake City 2,376.100 6.. 3 ....
I Springfield. Mass.. 1.553.067 21.4 '....
| Fort Worth 1,185.416 .... 19.0
I Portland. Me 1,401,151 9.1
Portland, Or 1.562,268 .... 15. S
I St. Joseph 5.377.33S 27.6
I Los Angeles 1,826,037 45.3
Norfolk 1,040.090 46.6
Syracuse 963,573 7.5 ....
Dcs Moines 1,131,304 26.7
Nashville 1,419,355 18.8
Wilmington, Del... 829,396 39.0
Fall River 693.052 . 28.
Scranton v 2" mi 3.1
Grand Rapids 1,112.846 21.0
Augusta, Ga 687,186 43.4
Lowell 505,016 .... 217
Dayton. 0 921.942 26.3
Seattle 4,383.751 327.1
Tacoma 1.052,060 71.8
Spokane 1.000.933 46.4
Sioux City 665,860 ' 8.6 ....
New Bedford 451,502 10.2
Knoxvllle, Term.... 554.656 32. S
Topeka 600,164 20.4
Birmingham 567,224 49.6 ....
Wichita 484,894 28. 3
Binghamton 316,600 5.3
Lexington. Ky 342.290 .... 15.3 i
Jacksonville, Fla.. 193,205 ...._ 13.4
Kalamazoo 375.262 29.5
Akron 393,300 35.5
Chattanooga 318,022 9.1
Rockford. 11l • 238,354
Canton. 0 246,490 38.9
Springfield. 0 315.285 53.6 ....
Fargo. N. D 322.101
Sioux Falls. S. D.. 112.134 69.6
Hastings, Neb 117,829 32.9
Fremont. Neb 100.232 .... 1.9
Davenport 963,630 27.4
Toledo 2.288.697 137.5
Galveston 4.339.200
Houston 4.977,095 13.5
Youngstown. <>.... 263,246 28.2
Evansville 652,86« 13.9
Helena 634,876 23.3
Macon 389.000 15.0
Little Rock 327.531
Springfield, 111 395,231 21.5
Totals, U. 5.... 51,516,441. 102 24.3
Totals outside New-
York 605.962.254 33.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $11,328,646 .... 12.6
Toronto 8,090.395 21.3 .... i
Winnipeg 1,931,996 61.5
Halifax 1,573.457 16.0
Hamilton - 769,832 26.2
St. John, N. B ' 737,469
Vancouver 1,014,377 .... ....
Victoria 741.037 ....
Totals $25,021,793 3.3
» » .
Chicago Grain Market.
« : — , — — <_> !
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— Wheat started at an ad
vance of %<g%c for September, opening trades
In that option being made at 69%@69%c. Bull
news for the first time In weeks was plentiful.
But all else was lost sight of in the Government
figures on the condition of spring wheat. They
showed a decline of 8.1 points in the condi
tion, suggesting a crop of 235.000000 bushels..
This would Indicate a decrease of 60.000,000
bushels, a shortage too great to be overlooked
even in the; present apathetic, condition of
trading. Too add to the strength of the situa
| tion reports from the Northwest told of
! serious and widespread damage done by yes
! terday's hailstorm in the Dakotas and Min
nesota, and Northwest receipts showed a
marked falling off. Cables, however, were
j rather disappointing, Liverpool showing but
%o%d advance early and losing even the
! slight advantage before the market closed for
i the day. The opening advance was looked
upon by a majority of the older traders as
j sufficient, considering the news, and consid
! erable selling forward, under which Septem
! ber slowly declined to 69%. Offerings were all
! absorbed so quickly, in fact, that although a
i period of dullness followed the decline to
i 69%. some of the early sellers attempted to
| cover shortly after noon. Then It developed
i that the market was heavily oversold. Offer
i ings were scarce. In the next half hour the
buying developed into a regular scramble
! among shorts to cover, and the rapidity with
| which prices shot up caught many heavily.
Before the demand had been satisfied Septem
ber had advanced to 71%. Realizing sent It
I down to 70%'ij70%. The market closed strong
I at 70%. '_
! Corn was weak early on the Government re
' port, which Indicated an - exceptionally, large
I crop. The big advance in wheat caused a
'. rally In corn. September closed % higher.
Oats were exceptionally dull but firm, but
; prices following narrowly t..e course of wheat.
I September closed a shade higher.
Provisions early were slow and rather easy,
j small declines taKing 'place during the morn
ing trading. Hog prices were lower and pack
ing interests were sellers. The market turned
firm In the afternoon with the advance In
wheat, and tinder good general buying the de
clines were recovered and small advances
scored. There was a good ' demand for lard,
but cash business was as a rule slow. At the
close September pork was 2^@sc lower, lard
7%c lower and ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
September 69% 71% 69% 70%
December 72 73% 71% 73%
May 75% 76% 74% 76%
Corn No. 2— .-".i •'■■ ■-■
September ......... 30% 30% 30% 307,4
December 2.% 28% 28 28*
May 29% 29% 29 29%
I Oats No. 2— }
September ......... 19% -19%. 19%' -.19%
December. ; 19% 19% 19'_ 19.4
May 21% 21% 21% 21% |
Mess Pork, per barrel
j September ....8 22% 8 27% -8 15 825
0ct0ber...... 8 27% • 535 22% 830
Lard, per 100 pounds-
September 5 17% 525 515 525
October , 525 5 27% 520 5 27%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September 4 9714 .5 02% 4 92% 5 02% |
October 5 02% 505 495 5 05;
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, dull; No. 3 spring wheat. 68@69%c; No.
2 red, 70 , 71% c; No. 2 corn, . 31%@31%c; No. 2
oats, 29%©21t / c; No. 3 white. 1 '_.24%0; No. 2 !
rye, .53% c; No. 2 barley, 34036% c; No. 1 flax
seed. 99c; prime timothy seed, $2 4502 47' , 1
mess pork, per barrel. $7 3OOS 25; lard, per 100
pounds. $5 05-7; 25; short ribs sides (loose).
$4 8005-16; dry salted shoulders (boxed), $3 50*3)
5 62%; short clear sides (boxed), $5 3003 35:
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 26.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 10.000 13,000
Wheat, bushels 46,000 34.000
Corn, bushels 300,000 620.000
Oats, bushels 400.000- 39 S. 000
Rye. bushels 9,000
Barley, bushels : S.OOO 54.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creameries, 13%018%c; dair
ies. 12016 c. Cheese, firm, 9%'yTOc. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 12fjI2'_c.
<§> : I—.1 — . : _ —
Foreign Futures.
<_. _ _! — : _. «.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— -■■- Sept. Bee.
Opening 59% 5 10%
Closing ...5 8% 5 10%
PARIS.
Wheat — Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening 19 55 20 45
Closing- I 9 60 20 40
Flour— .
Opening 42 65 27 33
Closing 42 63 27 60
3>— - »
California Fruit Sales.
<«> : : ! — : $>
The Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
to-day as follows:
CHICAGO, Aug. 11— California fruit sold to
day: Peaches— Early Crawford, 60@75c; Sus
quehanna, C4c. Pears— Bartletts. average $1 SS.
Plums — Bradshaw (single crates), average $1 20;
Burbank, $1 36; Kelsey, $1 45. Prunes—Bulgar
ian, $1 45; Fellenberg, $1 43; Gros, $1 43: Hun
garian, $1 54; Silver, 95c.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— California fruit sold
to-day: Peaches— Early Crawford, 60c*a$l 05,
average Ssc; Late Crawfords, S6c; Elbert A,
85c0$] 05. average 97c; Foster (cases), 75c@
,$l4O, average 84c; Susquehanna, 65c051, aver
age S6c. Pears— Bartletts, $1 60@2 25. average
$2 02. Plums— Columbia $150; Coes Golden
Drops, $1531 45, average $1 15; Egg. 93c05l 55,
average $1 25; Gros, $1 37; Grand Duke, $2 12;
Quackenbcss, $1 70.
Porter Brothers Company California fruit
sales:
CHICAGO. Aug. 11.— Prunes-Gros. $1 2001 40
crate; Italian, $1 55 to $1 60; Silvers, $1; Trag
edys, $1 70. Pears— Bartletts, $1 65, il 95 box;
Beurre- Hardys, $1500165; Clapps Favorite,
$1 35. Peaches— Susquehanna, 65c box; Elberta.
70© 80c; late Crawfords, Go's ßsc; Crawfords, 50
@73c; Tuscan, 43075 c box and Ssc crate; Craw
fords, 50*1 60 c • crate. Plums— Egg, $1 30 crate;
Bradshaw, $1 0501 15 crate. Grapes— Traminas,
$2 crate; Sweetwater, $2 crate. Eight cars sold.
NEW YORK, Aug. 11.— Peaches— Crawfords,
80090 c box; Tuscan, 90o@$l box and $1050125
crate. Pears— Bartletts, $1 7002 20 box. Plums
—Egg, $1 10 crate. Eighteen cars sold.
LONDON, Aug. 11.— California fruit sold to
day: Peaches— Twin- Sister, average $240.
Plums— Eureka (single crates), average $2 40;
Kelsey. average. $3 84; Yellow Egg, $1 6002 40;
Quackenboss, average $3 60. Prunes— Gros, av
erage $3 60. Pears— Bartletts (two-fifths boxes).
$1 4402 04; Congress, $1 4401 92; Beurre Hardy,
$1 3201 50.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— CATTLE— There was a
better rim of cattle to-day than is usual on
Friday, but the demand was good and only
commoner grades showed any weakness. Good
to fancy cattle, $5 6006 20; commoner grades,
$4 3005 35; stockers and feeders, $3 3504 .5;
bulls, cows and heifers, $205 35; Texas steers,
$3 7505 30: calves, $407 15. -.'.-."
HOGS— market for hogs was weak and
not especially active. Heavy hogs, $3 9004 62%;
mixed lots, $4 2004 5; lis_ht. $4 4604 SO; pigs,
$3 5004 60; culls. $203.
SHEEP— The demand for sheep and lambs
was rather animated and prices were steady
for all kinds. Sheep, $203 for culls up to $4 50
04 75 for choice natives; lambs ranged from
$405 65 for ordinary up to $6*56 50 for th- best.
Receipts— Cattle, 2000; hogs, 15,000; sheep,
7000.
■
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or.. Aug. Clearings, $202,
--802; la lances, $26,924.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. Wheat— Walla
Walla. 57c; valley, 58c; blue stem, 59c. . N
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Aug. 11.— No improvement is
shown in wheat. Prices remain stationary at j
56c for club and 59c for blue stem.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Aug. 11.— Consols. 105%: Silver,
27 11-16; French rentes, lOOf; wheat cargoes off
coast, more inquiry ; cargoes on passage, quiet
er, hardly any demand; Walla Walla. 27s 9d;
English country markets, quiet.
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 11.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, quiet; flour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 15-32.
CLOSE.
• LIVERPOOL. Aug. 11.— WHEAT— Spot No. 2
red Western winter, firm. Be 7d ; No. 1 North
ern spring, firm. 5s 11 %d; futures, steady; Sep
tember, 5s S%d; December, 5s 10% d. . . -..
CORN— Spot American mixed new. quiet, 3s
3%d; do, old, quiet, 3s 4d; futures, steady;
September, 3s 3%d; October, 3s 4'» d; November,
3s 4%d.
Receipts of wheat for the past three days,
670,000 centals, including -236,000 American; corn,
242,000 centals.
*> , -5-
LOCAL MARKETS.
<j> $>
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4-87%
Sterling Cables — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Mexican Dollars 49% 50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The market took an upward turn
! yesterday, both on and off call.
The advance was due to an Improvement at
Chicago, as there was nothing in foreign ad
vices to warrant a rise.
The Chicago market opened dull, but with
more disposition to buy. A better Inquiry for
shipment prevailed, but the bears made a
stubborn fight against the advance. The whole
crowd was short, and there was a general rush
to cover when quotations started up. The de
struction of 73.000 acres in South Dakota by
hail was a factor, and the Government report
was also bullish, suggesting a spring yield of
231,000,000 bushels, against 256,000,000 in July.
The total spring and winter yield was set at
500,000.000 bushels. The Corn crop was estimated
at 2,001,500,000 bushels, a record breaker.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02%©1 03%; milling,
$1 05© 1 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:ls o'clock — December —
4000 ctls, $1 10%; 18,000, $1 10%.
Second Session— May— 2ooo ctls. $115; 2000.
$115%: 4000, $115%: 4000. $115%; 2000, $115%;
4000, $1 16%; 4000. $1 16; December— 2ooo. $1 10%*
20,000, $1 10%; 22.000. $1 10%; 10,000, $1 10%; 4000,
$1 10%; 34.000, $1 11.
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls.
$1 11%; 16,000. $1 11%; 10,000. $1 11%; May— 2ooo
$1 16%; 18.000. $1 16%; 4000, $1 16%.
Afternoon Session — December — 20,000 ctls
I $1 11%: 4000. $1 11%; 36,000, $1 11%; 16,000, $1 11%*
May 2000. $1 17.
BARLEY— The market advanced on call un
der a considerable Increase in business. Spot
prices were unchanged, but very steady.
Feed. 80©85 c; ' Brewing, 90@»5c; Chevalier
$1 15©1 22% per ctl. ;■■'.*. ,-
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2000 ctls
Ssc; 4000, 85% c; 14,000. 85% c; 4000, SG%c* 22 000*
S6c; Seller '99, new— 2ooo, S3%c; 2000, 83% c; SOOo'
84% c. _--._■'..> ' ■ -_....-■•.;. ,
Afternoon Session— December— ctls 85% c*
4000. 88% c; 4000, Ss%c; Seller '99, new— 4oCo!'s4c :
2000. S4'_c.
OATS— The market Is dull, as usual just be
fore collection day, and prices show no further
change.
White. $120©135; Red, $1 03@1 15 per ctl*
Black, 90c©$l. ... v- -.-■
CORN— Dealers quote previous prices, with a
dull market. Small round Yellow. $1 25©l 35-
Eastern large Yellow. $1 07%©1 10; White'
$1 07%@1 10; mixed, $107% per ctl; California
White, nominal.
RY'E— 9o@92%c per ctl. The demand continues
slow.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
. Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUH— California family; extras, $3 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40©3 50 per bbl for extra,
, $3 25©3 40 for bakers' ; and $2 25©3 for super
-1 fine.
J MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
j lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
; Flour, $3 25 per. loo lbs; Rye Flour. $2 76; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 60; ex
! tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50©4 75-
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 25©3 50* Buck
wheat Flour, $4©4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75*
1 Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 5506 95: In sacks $6 35 06 75:
Pearl Barley. $5; Spilt Peas, $4 -0; Green re
$5 per 100 lbs. *
Hay and Feedstuff
Receipts of Hay have been creeping up again
and yesterday exceeded 800 .tdhsJ The c oiarK?>
-has weakened again under these increased ar
rivals, but prices are no lower.
Feedstuffs stand as before.
BRAN— SI 3 50017 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-- sl7 50019 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $18 50 per ton,
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27028: Jobbing,
$28 50029: Cocoanut Cake. $20021; Corneal.
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn. $24*525; Mixed Feed.
$16016 50: Cottonseed Meal. f2S' per ton. *-.
HAY-Wheat, $6 5008 50 for common to good
and $909 30 ■ for choice; Wheat and Oat $.?.
8 50: Oat. $60S; Barley, $507; Island Barlej .
$4 5005 50: Alfalfa, $507 50 per ton; Compressed
Wheat. $9010.
STRAW— 2OO3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans are weak and dull, particularly Pinks
and Kayos, which are lower. The market has I
evidently been overbought and there is some
desire to resell.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 7001 80; Small White, $2 0.)
02 15; Large "white, $1 CO.OI 66; Pinks, $2 150
2 25; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $4 1504 25; But
ters, nominal; Limas, SI 1004 15; Pea, $2 150
2 35: Red Kidneys, $202 25 per ctl
SEEDS— Brown Bustard. 2. -03 c; Yellow Mus
tard, nominal; Flax. $19002 10; Canary Seed.
2*io3c per lb for California and 3%c for East
ern to arrive; Alfalfa. 8>._09%c; Rape, 3c,
Hemp. 4®4%c; Timothy, nominal
DRIED PEAS— $1 2501 50; Green, $1 50
02 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are weak and the latter
are lower.
The market is gorged with Vegetables, parti- |
cularly Corn, of which a good deal is carried
over and has to be sold as low as 10c per sack, j
There is no scarcity In any description.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. $101 10: Early j
Rose, 75c051; Burbanks, Sscosl 10 per ctl In
sacks and $1 2501 35 in boxes, Salinas bur- |
banks. $1 25 In sacks and $1 60 In boxes; Sweet |
Potatoes, 20_>-ic per lb. ; .
ONIONS— 10 per ctl for Sllversklns. ;
Pickle Onions'. .5c per sack.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. $102 per box: ;
Green Peas, 2c per lb: String Beans, 102 c: j
Lima Beans. 3^©4<£c; Cabbage. 60080 c; River
Tomatoes. 25035 c; Egg Plant. 40050 c; Green ;
Okra. 40060,; per box; Garlic. 203 c; Green Pep- |
pers, 25050 c for Chill and 40060 c per box for j
Bell- Carrots, 300:40 c per sack; Bay Cucum- I
bers, 20030 c; Pickles, 60c for No. 1 and 40c per |
box for No. 2; Summer Squash, 15025 c; Mar- j
rowfat Squash, $14 per ton; Green Corn, 10©
per sack; 75c05l 25 per crate for Alameda and
25060 c for Berkeley. V*r :
Poultry and Game.
The market continues dull and weak In con
sequence of the heavy receipts from the East
this week.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. ll@l3c for Gob
blers and 11013 c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 150) i
17c: Geese, per pair, $101 25; Goslings, $1 25 j
01 50: Ducks, $304 for old and $3 5004 50 for
young; Hens, $405: young Roosters. $4 5005 50:
old Roosters, $404 50; Fryers. $4; Broilers, $30
3 50 for large, $2 5003 for small. Pigeons, $150
111 75 per dozen for old and $1 7502 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, 50075 c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs are all firm, though
no higher. An advance in any of these descrip
tions, however, is not unlikely to occur any
day.
BUTTER—
Creamery---Fancy creamer.', 22%©23 c; sec
onds, 21(g22c.
Dairy— Fancy, 20021 c; good to choice, IS©
19c* store, 16017 c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9V_olOc; old. 8%
@9c; Young America, lO01OHc; Eastern, 13©15 c.
EGGS— Quoted at 16019 c for store and 20©
23c per dozen for ranch; Eastern. ISV4@2Oc for
selected. 16©17 c for No. 1 and 14©15 c for sec
onds. '
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches, $-.012 50 for frees and $12 50020 for
clings: Bartiett Pears, in this city, $25030 per
ton for No. 1 and $10020 for No. 2; Green and
Yellow Plums, $15020 per ton; Colored Plums,
$10©15.
The market Is stuffed with fruit. The over
stock is so great that the docks are glutted and
the steamers have to wait for room before un
loading. Prices for all kinds are low in conse
quence. Peaches, Plums and Pears are the
principal sufferers, though all kinds are af
fected. Purple Figs are almost unsalable.
Owing to the scarcity of cans some of the in
terior canneries are reselling their fruit to
driers, being unable to handle it. The city can
neries, too, are unable to take all the fruit
offered.
Melons are weak and dull, owing to the cool,
cloudy weather.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples. 25050 c per box for common and 60©
90c for good to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, $304 per chest:
Strawberries, $70S per chest for small and $3
04 for large berries; Raspberries. $5@6 50 per
chest; Huckleberries, 507 c per lb.
Grapes, 40©60 c per box and crate for Fon
talnebleau, 25053 c per box and crate for black.
35075 c per crate and box for Muscat and 60c@$l
for Seedless.
Watermelons, $2 50012 50 per 100.
Cantaloupes, 50c@$l 75 per crate; Nutmegs.
230 75( per box.
Pears, 25060 c per box. according to size;
Bartletts. sG®sl per box for green and 25040 c
for ripe.
Nectarines, 35050 c per box for white and 50©
75. for red. '.'■ .■'-*'.:
Figs. 75c05l per box for double layers of
small black and 15@60e-for large purple.
Peaches, 15030 c per box and 10020 c per bas
ket. „
Plums, 20040 c per box; Prunes, 25©50 c per
crate. _
CITRUS FRUlTS— Valencia Oranges, $2©4;
Lemons, $101 30 for common and $1 75@3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $3 5004; Cali
fornia Limes, per small box; Bananas, $1 50
©2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $102 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Owing to Government orders Evaporated Ap
ples are moving off more freely and Peaches
are also wanted for the same account. Apri
cots continue stiff.
DRIED FRUITS (Old Crop)— Prunes. 6%c for
40-50's. 5c for 50-60's, 4c for 60-70's. 3%©3% c for
70-80's, 2%©3% c for SO-90's, 2%<§2%c for 90-100's
and 2©2% c for 100-110' .--•"_.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, in
sacks, 6%c for 40-50's, 5©3% c for 50-60's, 4@4%c
per lb for 60-70's, 3%c for 70-So"s, 3%©3% c for
_0-90's and 2%®3c for 90-100's; Apricots. 10©llc
tor Royals, 12% c for Moorparks; Peaches,
6@6%c for standards and 7©7'_ c for choice-
Evaporated Apples, 7-_.7%0; Sun-dried, 5©5% c
per lb;- Nectarines, 6<g7c per lb.
•RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%.; for Seedless
Sultanas, 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
lor London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%©3 c.
NUTS— Walnuts, s@Sc for hardshell, 10@llc
for tshell: Chile Walnuts. ll@12c; Almonds,
new ■ crop, 7%c for Languedoc and !>%c for
paper-shell: Peanuts, 6@7c for Eastern and 4%
._: for California. Cocoanuts. $4 50©5.
" HONEY— Comb, ll%c for bright and 10% c for
light amber: water white extracted. 7%©7% c;
light amber extracted. 6%©7 c; dark, 5%c
per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
There is no change to report. Trade con
tinues good.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, S%c per lb for
heavy, 9©9% c for light medium, lie for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%@l_c; Califor
nia Hams. 13c; Mess Beer. $13 per bbl; ex
tra Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15© 15 50; ex
tra Prime Pork. $12 50; e_ftra clear. $16 50- mess
$K»@ls 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 5%©5% c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels pure
7%c: 10-lb tins. S%c; 5-lb tins, S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%©7% c per lb
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Prices for all descriptions under this head re
main unchanged. A review of the Hop market
appears in the first column.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell j
about lc under the quotations. ' Heavy salted j
steers, 10©10% c; medium. 9@9%c; light. 9c; |
Cowhides. 9c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip. 9c; Calf
-10c; dry Hides, sound. 16c; culls and brands, i
13c: dry Kip and Veal, 16c; dry Calf, 17c; j
Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c each; short j
Wool, 35©60 c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2©2 25 for
large and $1 25© 1 50 for small*. Colts. 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4% c per lb; No.
2. 3©3% c; refined, ; grease. 2©2% c.
WOOD— Spring Clips— San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, -©lie; Foothill and North
ern free, ll©14c; Foothill and Northern defect
ive, 9911 c; Nevada, ll@14c; San Joaquin Foot
hill free, l(X_l2c: San Joaquin Foothill defect
ive. S@9c; Humboldt and Mendocino, 16%©lSc;
Valley Oregon, 17©18 c; Eastern Oregon. 12@1 4c
for choice and 9011% c for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 15©17% c per lb; 1599 crop,
12%©13 c bid and refused.
General Merchandise.
• BAGS— very firm. Calcutta Grain Bags,
6%c; Wool Bags. 26@28c; Fruit Bags, 5%c, 5%c
and 6c for the three grades of white and 7@7%e
for bleached Jute.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE.
At Emporium Horse Market, 220 Valei .-_ . t
MOXDAY.
MONDAY, August 14, at 11 o'clock. I will _-U
60 head, of work and driving horses. suitable
for all purposes; Included in this sale are s 4?
er-.l matched teams, also several wel!-h r , k
saddle hcrses. ft WATKIN^Aurt. , n .£
_6- Bryant. $6: Coos Bay. $5: Wallsend, $750.
Scotch $8: Cumberland. $9 In bulk and 510 "o
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg, , v .
Cann-I $8 per ton: Rock . Springs and Castw
Gate. $7 CO; "Coke. $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in r?CE-Chlna mixed, $3 7503 80; China No 1,
$4 5004 90* extra do, $505 35: Hawaiian, $3 -*
Japan $H2'_o4 75; Louisiana. $506.
SCGAR-Tne Western Sugar Kenning Cm.
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lt> ba*.;
Cubes A crushed and Fine Crushed. 5-__c;
Powdered. 5%c: Candy Granulated, oy,c; Dry
Granulated. s^4c: Confectioners A, 5..c; Cali
fornia A 4%c: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C, 4',.;
Golden C. 4M.c; barrels. I-IS? mo«: half-bar
lie more; boxes, %c more; »0-Ib bags, %c mer-..
No order taken for less than 7o barrels or ; ls
equivalent. Domlncs, half-barrels, o%c; box ,
6%c per lb. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Prices show some, change. Mutton and Lamb
are firm and advancing again. Beef ls a frac
tion lower. There ■is no further change in
Hogs.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7@7?ic per lb for Steers and 6%07c for
Cows.
VEAL— S%O9%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7'*c; Ewes, 7c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B©B%c per lb.
PORK— Hogs. 5%05%C lor small, 6c for
medium and 5%05%c for large: stock Hogs and
Feeders, 5%c; dressed Hogs. 708% c.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY, August 11.
Flour, qr sks.... 1. 440 j Feed. sks.. 550
Wheat, ctls 3,937 'Middlings, sks.... 5
Barley ctls 8,548 Hay, tons 803
Corn,- East, ctls.. 600: Wool, bags 29
Oats ctls 1,548 Wine, gals 31,800
Butter, ctls 192 Leather, bxs 128
Cheese, ctls 48 Hides, No 254
Beans sks 100 Pelts, bdls 37
Potatoes, sks 2,927 j Quicksilver, flsks 13.7
Onions, sks 1.406 Eggs, doz 11,910
Bran, sks 750,
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 800|
' WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 3,500 Bran, sks 3,630
<-» ■ »
I Family Retail Market.
!
4_ — *
Butter and Cheese are slightly dearer. Eggs
are as before.
The market Is well supplied with Poultry at
reasonable prices. Meats stand about the same
as last week.
The fruit market Is now gorged with most
seasonable kinds, as is usual in midsummer,
and prices are about as low as they ever get.
The same may be said of Vegetables.
Following Is The Call's regular weekly price
list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel $ ©10 00 j Castle Gate... 00© ■
Wellington .. 010 00 Southfield
New Welling- I Wellington &9 50
ton ©10 00 Coos Bay ©7 00
Seattle S 00© 1
Dairy- Produce, etc —
Butter, fancy, per j Common Eggs 200—
Square 43050 '-Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 450— dozen 25030
Do good 400— Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 120!' pound 12015
Cheese, Eastern.. l7o2o l Do, extracted...— (_ 10
Cheese, Swiss 2i__f2sj
Meats, per lb —
Bacon 12017 Pork, fresh 15020
Beef, choice 18020 Pork, salt 12015
Do, good 100151 Pork Chops 15018
Corned Beef —010 Round Steak.... 12..©—
Ham, Cal ©15 1 Sirloin Steak 150—
Do, Eastern. . .17^_0 — Porterhouse, d 0..20025. .20025
Lard 120151 Smoked Beef 12015
Mutton 10015 ' Pork Sausages. .12'<_ '■-■">
Lamb 12@15iVeal 15@20
Poultry and Game —
Hens, each 50065 1 Turkeys, per 1b... 15020
Young Roosters, Ducks, each .....50065
each 50©65 Geese, each.. sl 0001 50
Old Roosters, j Pigeons, pair 40050
each 50060 Rabbits, pair —040
Fryers each — 050 Hare, each ...i...15@20
Broilers, each ...35040 Doves, pr dz.sl 00©1,25
Fruits and Nuts— -'■>': -\ ■-
Almonds, lb 150 I Oranges, doz 25040
Apples 40 6 Pears, per lb 40 5
Bananas, doz 20025 Peaches, per lb.. 40 6
Blackberries, per Plums, per 1b.... 4© 5
drawer . 25030 ' Raisins, lb 5010
Cantaloupes, ea.. 5_ 15 Nectarines, per lb 4© 6
Nutmeg Melons.. 5010 .berries, per
Figs, per lb 6© 8 drawer 30040
Huckleberries, lb. 100— . Strawberries, per
Grapes, Der 1b.... 50 8 drawer 25050
Lemons, _ doz 15020 j Walnuts, lb 12013
Limes, per d0z... 10012 1 Watermelons, ea.10@25
Vegetables —
Artichokes, doz... 2soso l Green Peas. 1b.... 4© 5
Asparagus 5012 Lentils, lb 60 8
Beets, doz 12015 Lettuce, doz 150 —
Beans, white, lb.. 40 5 Onions, lb 20 3
Colored, lb 4© 5 Peppers, green, lb 6© 8
Lima, lb 60— ■ Potatoes, 1b....... ■■ ■' 5
Cabbage, each ... 5010 Sweet Potatoes... 50—
Cauliflowers, each 5010 Parsnips, d0z.. ...150 —
Celery, bunch 5© — Radishes, dz bchs .
Cucumbers, per Sage, doz bch5...25f.35
dozen 10©— 1 String Beans, lb. l_ 5
Cress, doz - bnchs.2oW33 j Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, per lb 6© 8 1 per lb 40 5
Green Corn, per Thyme, lb 20030
dozen 10030 Turnips, doz 10015
Green Okra, pr lb 6© 8 Tomatoes, lb 40 5
Fish, per lb-
Barracuda 150— j Shad 12015
Carp 10012 Sea Bass 120—
Codfish 12015 Smelts 150—
Flounders 10012 Soles 12Sln
Halibut 150- I Skates, each ....100—
Kingflsh — ©12jTomcod 15©—
Mackerel — 0— , Clams, gal .-.00 -
Do Horse — 0— Do. hardshell; 100.4C0-_O
Perch 120131 Crabs, each... TO-iTI-S
Pompano — 0— I D" softshell. 25033
Rockflsh 150— jMusels. qt ...10012
Salmon, smoked.. 2oo— Oysters. Cal. 100.. 400.0
Salmon, fresh 12015 Do, Eastern, doz.'.' 1I ■
Shrimps B@lol
.*.
« " "j
THE STOCK MARKET. j
i : - — »
There was „ fair business in securities,
There was a fair Dnsinew
though changes were narrow as a rule.
The feeling in mining stocks was rather firm
The feeling in minint m __ x .__„_\
than otherwise and some advanced severa
cents The telegram from the pump said.
"At 6:30 .his mcfrnlng "' water was twenty
four feet below the 1930-foot level sta ion - ha "
four feet below tto :s =-
tag risen and fallen - - « «£*J conttau
four hours. The eie>a
° U The' Alpha assessment falls delinquent in
b0 Tne B£ta Packers' Association **. pay a
The £-f of 178 cents per share to-day.
dividend of re^ cents per Compan y will pay
The ,f P P r n of 4'^cents per share on the 21st.
a dividend of 4. ■ « n -^ 1 , company ,-,. lowa
The Morning Star P d a dlvldend
SS Pe-n-eTr **. current month, payable
to annual meeting 0 Wells, Fargo &
At tne an- Express Company yesterday
Co.'s „ Ba .flcers and directors were elected, with
the old o«^f-S of Andrew Christenson in
the single era . h< , nev of Boston. John J.
the place "[V r e-elected "president of the Ex-
Valen Company and also of the bank.
Pr -rh C S« Gold and Silver Mining Com
rne , Nevada County has levied an assess
paU>. '..- one-quarter of 1 per cent per share.
JTunauent September 12.
The Republic mine in Washington will pay a
ii ■■-„tl of $35,000 on the 15th.
T-he Pennsylvania Consolidated gold mine of
Nevada County paid a dividend on the St* at
,),.. rate of 20 cents per share, or $10,300.
Tie California Insurance Company has just
,a -mother dividend of $3 50 per share, mak
ing the ninth in the liquidation of the assets
-.. the company. . _..'_,
The report from the Standard Consolidated
me at Bodie, for the week ending August 5,
kite's that raise 4. Movie vein, 150 level, had
finches fair, ore in the top. Raise 2. east
vein 150 level, had 5 inches pay ore. Raise
, new vein 31S level, had 16 inches low-grade
"Ye Raise 4, Security vein, and raise 2 No.
?n vein MS level, each had IS inches of ore,
that in 'the former winze being of paying value
-7a that in the latter" being very fair grade
* ton Raise 7 No. 10 vein. 31S level, had
iT inches fair ore' in the top. The south drift.
« .ft vein 380 level, had S inches fair ore
& the face Raise 2. Fortuna vein. 352 level.
had - r inch vein on top. West crosscut No. 1,
from the south drift on the 700 level, cut a
6 fr_h vein, which is possibly the Fortuna.
The stones in the new. No. 10. Maguire, . For-
Sina. C. and C. and D. ledges, , yielded the usual
amounts of fair to very good ore. In So. 2
north stone In C. D. vein. 336 level, the ore
was high grade. At the mill violent thunder
storms during the week caused a frequent
hanging up of the stamps. A total of 160 tons
of ore was crushed. Average assay vanner tall
inss $13 01. Concentrates produced half a ton;
assay value, $404 27. Plate amalgam produced
Continued on Page Thirteen.STATE MINING
LAW STANDS
UNREPEALED
Startling Find of a Big
Blunder.
— —
CHANCES FOR CLAIM JUMPERS
_ — • —
THOUSANDS OF MINING LOCA
TIONS ARE VOID.
— - ♦
An Omission in a Repealing Act
Leaves the Statute in Full Force,
With Possible Dire Con
sequences.
The California miners and prospectors
have been dealt a severe and surprising
Mow by the discovery of one of the most
remarkable blunders ever committed In
the course of legislation In this State.
The last Legislature undertook to re
peal the State mining law of 1897, regu
lating the location of mining claims and
ever since the approval of the supposed
repealing act, March 20, 1599, the miners
and mining lawyers of the entire State
have assumed that the law was repealed
and that the location of mining claims
in this State had been wholly relegated
to the Federal mining law and to sup
pi. n ■ ntary rules and regulations of local
mining districts where such were organ
ized.
All mining locations made since March
2'i last have been made with this under
standing and probably In no case has the ;
law of 1897 been observed. There has been
remarkable and unprecedented activity in ,
prospecting the mineral regions this year i
and the number of mining locations made j
since March 20 reaches into the thou
sands. A good many of these locations
cover rich discoveries, that are veritable
"strikes." and have already developed j
much value. Many have been sold or ;
bonded. Some have been sold for thou
sands of dollars.
Now it is discovered, according to cmi- I
nent mining attorneys, that the State law
was not Repealed; that there has probably !
not been a valid location of a mining ;
claim made in the State since last spring; ;
that every claim so taken up is In fact
not legally held by any ono k but may bo
legally "jumped" and acquired by the. |
first fellow who tiles .i valid location ar- >
cording to the State law and that there '<
Is every prospect of a frightful mess of
trouble and litigation affecting titles and
possession with a possibility of shotguns :
cutting a figure here and there,
The repealing act as it was passed by
the last Legislature appears In the stat
utes as follows:
CHATTER CXIII.
An art to repeal "An art prescribing the
manner of locating mining olaims upon the
public domain of the United States, recording:
notices of location thereof, amending defective
locations, and providing for the deposit of dis
trist record? with County Recorders, and pre
scribin*. the effect to be given to recordation of
notices of location and affidavits," approved
March 27. 1.97.
The people of the State of California, repre
sented In Senate and Assembly, do enact as
Section I— An act to repeal "An act prescrib
ing the manner of locating mining claims upon
the public domain of the United States, record-
Ing notices if location there. amending de- I
fective locations, and providing for the deposit |
of district records with County Recorders, ami
prescribing the effect to he given to recordation
of notices of location and affidavits." approved
March 27, Wi, is herein- repealed.
Sec. 2 -This, act shall take effect Immediately.
The title of the act is all right, but a
moment's consideration of the construe- •
tlon of section : reveals the error. The
trouble can be quickly understood by
omitting the matter In quotation marks
and reading: "An act to repeal .an act, !
etc.) approved March 27 1897, is hereby j
repealed." This accomplishes nothing, lt
repeals "an act to repeal," and there was
no such act to be repealed. If the first
line had read, "An act entitled 'An act, !
etc. * * *' is hereby repealed," the '-nd
sought would have been accomplished, i
The mistake is said to be primarily
chargeable to the Assembly Committee on I
Mines and Mining, of which ex-Congress
man A. Camtnettl of Amador, a mining |
lawyer of much legislative experience, I
was chairman.
It is remarkable that the blunder was
not .served by any legal sharp In either
house or by the legal sharp who roved !
the bill as Governor, or until this time by
any of the mining lawyers and mining
men so much interested in the measure. i
Th* State law had required location
> tlces of special form among other !
rinjrs. and when it was understood to be
pealed the old forms became necessary.
here was much" doubt about proper
forms; and the executive committee if the !
California Miners' Association decided to i
prepare and recommend one. Secretary !
E. H. Benjamin requested A. H. Ricketts,
the well-known mining attorney, chair
man of the mineral lands committee of !
the association, to prepare a form to Ije I
issued free by the association. During i
his consequent close scrutiny of the law !
Mr. Ricketts made the discovery. Secre- I
tary Benjamin has this week discussed I
it with other eminent authorities on mm- I
ing law. including Curtis H. Lindley and
John M. Wright; and they all gave the I
opinion that the law of 189" had not been i
repealed.
Mr. Ricketts has thoroughly Investigat- I
ed the legal situation and believes that j
there is no question about the "State
mining law" having remained continuous
ly in effect since Its approval, March ''7 '
1597. , * . '
"There is no ambiguity in the 'repeal
log act,' " lie said yesterday, "and noth
ing on which the . court could hang a I
ruction in accordance with the e\i- '
dent Intent expressed in the title. The |
language is plain and can express but '
fine ..-ailing. It says plainly, 'an an to '
repeal, etc., Is repealed." The title of an j
act may be resorted to only in connection
with some ambiguity in the art and can
not control the plain intent as expressed
in the act itself. The language of the act !
being definite and precise there Is no j
room or construction and the court can- !
not under the rules of the construction i
of statutes go outside of It and under pre- j
text of construction cure a supposed blun
der of the Legislature In attempting to
repeal a statute never passed. The Su- j
preme Court has held, in Harpendlng vs. I
Halght (39 Cal.. l*-l*>, that the motive of I
a Legislature is not for judicial inquiry.
Section lN r >S of the Code of Civil Procedure '
denies *. court power to supply omissions
In a statute. j
"In my opinion no location made since
March 20, 1899. otherwise than according
to the law of 897 is a valid one. Every
claim holder should quickly relocate his j
claim according to that law. Any such
claim is open to location by any one.- It |
would not 1 (-gaily be tresspass for any on« !
to relocate part or all of such a claim •
according to the State law, though possi
bly It must be done peaceably. The courts
would undoubtedly maintain possession
by the first one who complied with the
law. It will work great hardships and
wrongs undoubtedly, but such appear? to
me to be the legal situation."
If Mr. Ricketts and other mining law
yers are correct the situation will in
truth be frightful. When claim-jumping
is possible there are always claim-jump
ers and often shotguns around. Hundreds
of prospectors who have claims and
hones will be In sad predicaments. Titles
-will he uncertain and all sorts of compli
cations will arise if the State law has
in fact risen from the dead to plague
the hills and the roaming searchers for
gold and copper, oil and other varied
riches hidden hi their veins and beds
The Federal mining law is of rather
skeleton form, prescribing but brief re
quirements regarding locating and- hold
ing mineral claims, and allows and con
templates supplementary laws by the
Stat, and also by local mining districts.
Regarding locations it says:
The miners of each mining: district may make
regulations not In conflict with the laws of the
United States or with the laws of the State or
Territory Is which the district La situated gov
erning the location, manner of recording,
amount of work necessary to hold possession of
a mining claim, subject to the following re
quirements: The location must be distinctly
marked on the ground, so that its boundaries
can be readily traced. All records of mining
claims hereafter made shall contain the name
or names of the locators, the date of the loca
tions, and such a description of the claim or
claims located by reference to some natural ob
ject or permanent monument as will identify
the claim. -. -' : J
It requires $300 worth of work on a
quartz claim within the calendar/year fol
lowing the one In which the Ideation is
filed, and $20 worth on a placer claim.
T'ntfl ISP? this State never passed a law
adding to the Federal requirements. lo
cations were governed by the Federal law
and the rules of mining districts, of which
there 'were 'many, each with a recorder,
with whom notices were filed. Under the
Federal law a prospector could locate and
hold as many claims as he chose, with
from one to two years to do his assess
ment work. ■ .:• .
The State law of 1897 required particular
marks and boundaries; a preliminary no- I
tice giving certain information; its filing
with the County Recorder; $50 worth of |
work in sixty days on a quarts claim; the
posting and 'filing of a second notice, and
so on. It practically abolished mining dis- j
tricts by requiring notices to be tiled with
the County Recorder, and it required all
district recorders to turn their records
over to the County Recorder. The require
ment of $T>o worth of work In sixty days
made it imposisble for the average pros
pector to hold more than one or two
claims. In many ways It was offensive to
prospectors, and there was a general de
man. for its repeal. If It is still in effect
no record in any of the reorganized min
ing districts is valid. Many district rec
ords have been illegally returned to dis
tricts. In few cases has the requirement
of $60 worth of work in sixty days been
observed. Proper notices have not been
posted and recorded In proper time. A
prospector who has staked out a dozen
claims, even if he properly relocates all,
can hold only as many as he can put $50
worth of work on in sixty days. There
are many such complications that will j
arise.
Section 6 of the unrepealed law says:
"All locations of quarts or placer forma
tions or deposits after made which
do not conform to the requirements ot
this act, In so far as the same are re
spectively applicable thereto, shall be
V Trill v, there will be woe from Siskiyou
to San Diego, and in the mountains they
will be at sea.
COURT NOTES.
The application of M. Plxley of San
Jose for appointment as guardian ad
litem of Mrs. Mary Brunlngs, a sister of
the petitioner, who is now confined it. the
asylum for the Insane at Agnews, was
submitted for decision to Judges Dainger-
Ileld and Cook yesterday afternoon. The
: application for a guardian is for the pur-
Loose of carrying on litigation regarding
the moneys belonging to the Insane
woman. The application was contested by \
M Wolf, guardian of the person and es
tate of the Insane woman, on the ground
that a guardian ad litem was superfluous.
A claim for $3500 attorney lees will also
be decide. l by the court.
The Peninsula Lighting Company has
been Incorporated by J. L. Howard, Oliver
Ellsworth. Edwin Fish. T. F. Laist and |
John C. Jones. The capital stock Is $200,-
KM of which $57,500 has been subscribed.
Samuel A. Wells, a soldier, charged with
having stolen considerable money from
Miles A. Keenan. was acquitted by a jury
In Judge Dunne's court yesterday.
A lot on the corner of Post and Stock
tan streets, a portion of the estate of the
late Dr. James L. Simpson, has been sold
to D. L. Randolph, president of the Gas
Consumers' Association, tor the sum of
$67,500 subject to an Increase of l" per
cent and approval by the Probate Court. ]
Dora Dunn filed suit yesterday against \
Charles Nathan and Joseph Wilson to :
recover $U..00U for personal injuries.
Plaintiff alleges that on May 23 of this
year the defendants dropped a board from
a building at 957 Folsom street which
struck her on the head, Injuring her per
manently. ■••'-, _ „ _
11 11. Lynch, N. S. Farley. L. F. Gil
more John M. Wright and W. K. Dargie
have Incorporated the Standard Oil Com
pany of California, with a capital stock j
of $100,000, of which $500 has been sub
scribed.
R. G. Daniel, a sailor, was yesterday |
sentenced to ten days in the County Jail j
by Acting Police Judge Kerrigan. He at
tempted to choke Rose Samuels Thursday
night in her room on Bacon place, but
as there were mitigating circumstances]
the Judge inflicted a light penalty.
Mr. Anna L. Danforth. 538 Ellis street, i
--wore to a complaint in Judge -Mogan
court yesterday for the arrest of Ruby j
Raymond, known as the "Queen of the
Tenderloin of San Jose, on the charge j
of taking her daughter, Cora Matheia,
a girl of 15 years of age, to San Jose for
Immoral purposes. Judge Mogan fixed |
her bonds at $5000. Another warrant will ,
be sworn out again., her to-day.
Oscar F. Wetzwagger and Jennie I-itz-
Simmons appeared before Judge Mogan
yesterday on a charge of disturbing th •
peace They live at €54-_ Natoma street,
and Thursday night during a reception j
at the house they quarreled and threw
cups and saucers at each other. Jenitlc
was penitent In court yesterday and
showed the Judge her engagement ring,
telling him that she and Oscar were to
be married within a month. Oscar con- }
firmed Jennie statement, and the Judge
continued the case for thirty days, re
leasing them on their own recognizance.
David Walk of Akron. Ohio, was flour
ishing a revolver on Kearny street Thurs
day night, when he was arrested for car
rying a concealed weapon. He told Judge
Mogan yesterday that he thought he was j
In the wild and woolly West but had
found his mistake, and the Judge allowed j
him to go. -. „-,__,- i
M M. Foote Of the Vigilance League I
secured warrants in the Police Courts
yesterday for the arrest of Chinese
women for keeping bouses of ill-fame.
The intention of the league is to close ]
up these places. '■■-_ ...
. Five newsboys, Ernest Monterichard. |
Eddie Gregg. James Wilson. John E. j
Weldon and Willie Patterson, appeared
before Judge Mogan yesterday on a |
charge of disturbing the peace. The boys
gathered at Third and Mission streets j
and amused themselves by fighting duels
with laths. They were arrested Thurs
day night by Policemen McEntee and j
Naylor. The Judge reprimanded the boys
and dismissed the cases. j
May Ward was accused in Acting Po- I
lice Judge Kerrigan's court yesterday on
the charge of grand larceny for stealing j
$5 from Mike Lester, night clerk in the
Colton House. 220 Third street, early yes
terday morning. The case was continued
until Monday. : = .._. _. _ ,
John Howard, the old man who stole a
Child from its mother at Third and Mar
ket streets Monday and assaulted Then-,
dore ;.vtka. the handwriting expert, was
yesterday convicted by Judge Mogan on !
the charges of battery and using vulgar ;
language and was ordered to appear for
sentence this morning. He is a gardener i
In Oakland.
Fred Miller was arrested early yester
day morning for stealing the carcass of
a sheep which was hanging on a hook .
outside the butcher shop of John Stubs.
("lav and Montgomery streets. He was
putting It In a sack when arrested. Ho
told Judge Graham yesterday that his
wife and children were starving and that
was v.- he committed the theft. Tt was
shown that Miller was a confirmed thief .
and the Judge gave him three months In •
the County Jail. ;"•■;•:
James Morgan, a young man who pro- j
fessed to Judge Mogan yesterday that he
was .1 stranger In San Francisco but was
proven to be an accomplice of "D"afy" I
Morris and "Kid" Young and other pick- j
pockets, was yesterday held to answer be- |
fore the Superior Court on a charge of
attempt at grand larceny In $9000 bonds.
He attempted to steal a purse from Mrs.
Mary I-ofmann.
John Flynn, a longshoreman living at
128 Green street, swore to a complaint in
Judge Graham's court yesterday for the
arrest of Andrew Demartlnl. another
longshoreman, on the charge of battery.
They met on Pacific and Sansome streets
Thursday night, and without any provo
cation Demartlni knocked Flynn down
and kicked him In the face.
The case of the officers of the Twinkling
Star Improvement Company, charged
with maintaining a public nuisance in the
shane of the Hotel Nymphla, was called '
In Judge Graham's court yesterday. At
torney Dunne for the defendants argued
a demurrer to the complaint, which the
Judge overruled, and the case was set
for trial by jury next Wednesday.
Charles Hartwig's Death. i
A verdict of accidental death was ren- !
dered yesterday by a Coroner's jury in ']
the matter of the death of Charles Hart
wig. who was found last Wednesday
morning asphyxiated in his room at 412
Leavenworth street. Mrs. Claymore, his
landlady, testified that Hartwig had be
come very despondent because an ex
pected remittance from his father in Ger
many had not arrived. The window of the !
room had been nailed so that it would not l
rattle, and it was evident that he was
trying to open the window when he was :
overcome by the fumes of the escaping |
, ~*~
Thrown Out of His Buggy. j
A. Stanton, a collector for Jacob j
Schweitzer, butcher at 519 Clay street,
was thrown out of his buggy at Twenty
fourth and Capp streets yesterday. His
Injuries were of such a serious nature a? I
to render lt necessary to take him to the •
City and County Hospital in the patrol |
wagon from the Seventeenth-street police j
station. Dr. Enright attended to his j
wounds and after the lapse of an hour or
so he was able to go to his homo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12. 1599.
«
_ Alameda
VICTIMS OF THE
EXPLOSION WIN
FIRST VICTORY
Jury Awards Rasmus
Larsen Damages.
-—
VERDICT MEANS MANY SUITS
— • —
MELEOSEANS MAY RECOVER
FOR WRECKED HOMES.
*
Bitter Fought Legal Battle That Will
Probably Give Rise to a New
Line cf Supreme Court
Decisions.
A jury in an Alameda County Su
perior Court yesterday brought in a
verdict in a damage suit that will
prove far reaching in its effect. It
was a verdict awarding Rasmus Lar
sen $1500 damages against the West-
I crn Fuse and Explosive Company for
I the wrecking of his little home at
I Melrose through an explosion caused
by a murderous Chinese.
The suit is the first of its kind ever
tried in this State, and its appeal to
the Supreme Court, which naturally
I follows, will give rise to a line of new
decisions.
Thirty-two similar suits are to be
filed within a few days, and no doubt
these will be followed by others in
other sections where powder works'
! explosions have created havoc and
I left wrecked homes and corpses in
their wake.
It can easily be estimated that the
Larsen judgment will prompt others
in litigations involving hundreds of
thousands of dollars damages.
Oakland office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 11.
The trial of the suit of Rasmus Larsen
' against the Western Fuse and Explosives
' Company for $1500 damages on account of
j the wrecking of his home at Melrose by
I an explosion was concluded In Judge Og
; den's court this afternoon, and the jury,
j after deliberating less than twenty min
i utes, brought in a verdict awarding to
! plaintiff the amount of damages sued for.
, Seldom has a case been so bitterly
i fought in the Superior Court of this
i county as the present one, and through
j out the trial, which occupied nearly three
■' days, the courtroom was thronged with
j residents and pronerty owners who had
j also sustained damages or. in some In-
I stances, total loss of their homes by rea-
I son of the fatal explosion of the fuse
j works at Melrose on July 19 of last year. j
The circumstances of the explosion.
I which cost the lives of five deputy Sheriffs
and constables and one woman, briefly re
; capitulated, are these: A Chinese named 1
' Ah I'ing. after having murdered one of his
i countrymen in Alameda and escaping
I from the clutches of the officers, took ref
| uge In the powder magazine of the fuse
: works at Melrose. Efforts had been made
1 to induce him to surrender, but he scoffed ]
' all. Finally the next morning a desperate
! effort was made to capture him, when he
I tired his revolver in the magazine. An !
1 explosion followed, with the attending fa- j
i tality mentioned and wrecking most of the
; homes and a schoolhouse located near the
| works. . _ , n __ !
It developed that the company had 0000
; pounds Of powder stored in the magazine
j at the time of the explosion, and this, to
• gether with most of the material all. ga
| llons In Larsen's complaint, was admitted
by the answer and amendment of defend
! ant corporation.
But little testimony was taken at the
i trial, and plaintiff's attorneys, Messrs.
j Nusbaumer, Reed, Chapman and Cllft,
' moved for judgment on the pleadings; but
I this the court denied, and the question at
I issue resolved itself into one of fact and
I law as to whether the storing of powder
j at the works in a populated place con
j stituted a nuisance.
' To many remarks made by the court in
i giving his view and definition of a nui-
I sance the defense excepted; also to the
i denial of its motion to instruct the jury
to find for the defense. Exceptions were
taken even In Instances where the court
was addressing Itself to Interrogatories
I of counsel for the plaintiff.
' Judge Ogden in summing up the case
i declared that there were practically no
decisions In this State for him to follow
In determining the issues In the present
case and until there might be some he
would follow along the line of the case In
the with New Yora reports. Nor did that
case bear materially on the issue at stake
In the Larsen suit. .v ._.;..
In his Instructions to the jury Judge
! Ogden ruled that any magazine that is so
located where an explosion will result In
damage to residents or their property
■ constituted a nuisance, even though the
; explosion was caused by an agent other
than the corporation owning the works.
The point raised by Attorneys Lukens &
Wright that Larsen had taken up nis
'■ residence at Melrose knowing the fact
of the powder being stored in the maga
zine, the court Instructed the Jury was of
no weight. • : .'' T ,--..-.:'-
In conclusion the court instructed that
if the jury finds that the corporation had
i stored powder at their works In Melrose
in such a manner that an explosion. would
cause damages to the residents and ti.eir
homes, they must find for the plaintiff.
Two forms of verdict were given to the
I jury. One finding for the defendant; the
' other for the plaintiff in the sum of $1500.
; To the latter form the defense objected
I and was overruled and excepted. . ;
When the jury brought In Its verdict
i finding for the plaintiff, the defense being
. doubtful as to the majority, asked that
the jurors be polled. It proved that the
verdict bad been unanimous.
It is recognized that the ease will now
j go to the Supreme Court as a clear test
case. . .. , ■ '■y_'' : -J i
In the meantime suits will no doubt
be brought by the other victims of the
plosion, including the trustees of the
Melrose school district. The judgment in
the Larsen case to-day is regarded as a
great victory for the sufferers by the
Melrose explosion. . >
Alameda News Notes.
, ALAMEDA, Aug.. 11.— Frederick Bam
mann has purchased 800 feet of land on
Morton street from the Sather estate and
will build several fine cottages thereon.
Philip Gauchnauer, a pioneer resident of
the West End, Is seriously ill at his home,
1617 Webster street. His Illness is of such
a serious nature that it is believed he will
not recover. _
A sailor named Frederick J. Watterson
was arrested and booked at the City Pris
on on a charge of petty larceny. The com
plaint was swOrn to by a shipmate named
Turner, who charged him with the theft
of $2 50. - : - •
The Board of Education will hold its
regular session next Tuesday night, at
which time School Superintendent Hughes
will present his annual report.
Porep's concert band gave an open-air
concert in the City Park last evening.
Several thousand people enjoyed the mu
sic. ""■--
Miss Annie Koerber and Carl Edson of
San Francisco will be married next
Wednesday evening at the residence of
the brides' parents. Mr. and Mrs. August
Koerber, 2100 Pacific avenue.
Deputy Supreme Commander J. M. Er
merlus and Deputy Lyman of the Macca
bees are In Alameda working in the inter
est of Alameda Tent No. -32. Knights of
the Maccabees. On Thursday . evening,
August 24, they will initiate twenty can
didates. . * ." '
• ■
- ,S_. I
HOW MOSE MADE
A NEW SERGEANT
OAKLAND. Aug. 11.— Mose Allhach if the most self-sacrificing man in
town. He is in jail now, but need not have been there only that he
was loyal to Policeman McKinley's aspirations.
Mose is always In Jail when he is not out, and he is not out more
than three days In any one week. He contracted the habit of getting
drunk and disturbing the peace of Police Officer McKinley's beat. The officer
with the prominent name has in fact made a star record for arrests owing
almost entirely to Moss's shortcomings.
Mose was in court this morning and pleaded guilty. The following con
versation between him and Judge Smith took place:
"What did you get drunk for this time, Mose?" asked the Judge.
"I wasn't drunk, your Honor."
"Then why did you plead guilty?"
"Well, you see. Judge, it was this way: Officer McKinley. my friend,
arrested me, and so I pleaded guilty. If I hadn't pleaded guilty and had
proved that I was sober It would have been a reflection on Mr. McKinley."
"But what about yourself?" said Judge Smith.
"Well, 1 wasn't thinking of myself, Judge. You see Mr. McKinley had
aspirations. He wanted to be a police sergeant. He has made a record
arresting me and I am proud of it for his sake. Since I was arrested the
last time I hear that Mayor Snow and Mr. Dow, both fine gentlemen, hay
made him a police sergeant. I guess I was drunk, your Honor— guilty."
And Sergeant McKinley, shining in all the splendor of his new decora
tions, walked out of court wondering whether he were Indebted more to
poor old Mose than to the two "fine gentlemen" for his new stripes.
THERE WHS NO
PRIZEFIGHT, SO
SAY "DE GANG"
Jakey Avers No Blow
Was Struck.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Aug. 11.
There was no prizefight at Oakland last
week. There is not a basement under
Fred Gatter's shaving parlor. Fred Gat
ter does not have a shaving parlor. There
is no such person as Fred Gatter on
Broadway. There is no Broadway. There
Is no Oakland.
According to the testimony of some of
the principals and some of the alleged
spectators the above conclusions are
facts.
Gradually the list of those present is
decreasing. Yesterday two were dis
charged with honor in the Police Court;
to-day two more were dropped from the
roll, having satisfied the Prosecuting At
torney that they were not at any prize
fight.
Jakev Baumgarten declares that when
he goes into court the following will be
his defense: "1 was at no prlzenght. The
colored boy and me went Into the ring,
which wasn't a ring, but merely an open
space. He wanted half the money, and
I wouldn't let him have it. so he went
out of the ring, and when the fellows
laughed at him he came back and I said
he could have part of it, and so he put
up his hands. 1 put up mine and the
colored boy lay down. 1 didn't even hit
him. He perhaps thought my fist was
leading for his stomach, but before it
got there the kid was lying flat, and that
is all the' prizefight there was. Every
body says I squealed on them, but 1
haven't. I have got a job now in a can
nery and don't intend to fight any more.
If they don't appreciate me in Oakland
1 can go to some other place. This ain't
the only place on earth. 1 have got It In
for some of those fellows that are down
on me, and I'll make them suffer before
1 get through." •/.- •.-..-•.
Chief Hodgins has in his possession
facts given him voluntarily that tell a
very different story of Jakey's doings.
Should the Chief make public all he was
told by Jake, the would-be boxer would
not have a friend left In town. The In
formation will ' probably be produced in
court, as Jakey gave it all voluntarily
and without any threat or hope of reward
being held out to him. ...
All this time the little colored fellow,
Musa Bryam, is in Jail, no one feeling
enough interest in him to put up a bond.
Yet Musa has been more loyal to his
friends and admirers than his rival, who
is out on bonds. No attorney runs after
the little boy from Zanzibar, and, Indeed,
Musa does not seem to care. He said
to-day he was having a good time, and
that if Chief Hodgins would make a few
changes in the prison diet the jail would
not be half a bad place in which to pass
the summer vacation. Each day Musa's
friend, Will Hennessy. clerk of the Police
Court, sends him a bag of choice dough
nuts.
CHINA AND TRADE
OF PACIFIC COAST
Ex-Congressman F. X. Schoonmaker
Says Now Is the Time to Develop
Oriental Commerce.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Ex-Congressman
F. X. Schoonmaker addressed the Board
of Trade and a large audience at Ham
ilton Hall to-night on the future com
mercial relations of the United States and
China. He made the argument that the
Chinese must, on account of the depre
ciation in the nutrition of their rice, de
pend entirely on wheat and flour, and
these staples must come from the Pacilic
Coast.
After referring to the development ot
Chinese wisdom and genius during the
2500 years that have elapsed since Con
fucius, the speaker argued that they ire
now in a position where they could assist
in working out the commercial develop
ment of this coast. Mr. Schoonmaker has
met I.! Hung Chang and many others
prominent in the government of Peking,
and he repeated many conversations In*
has had with them regarding trade rela
tions with this country.
The lecturer summed up his argument
by referring to the Philippines as the nat
ural base, from which the United States
can watch the operations of the European
vultures who are attempting to divide
China and at the same time develop the
great commercial era that Is now dawn
ing. Next Friday evening Mr. Schoon
maker will deliver another lecture" along
the same lines.
THE CANNING BOYS
CHARGED WITH FELONY
ALAMEDA. Aug. 11.— Fred and Wallace
Canning, the two boys arrested yesterday
morning for an assault on little Maggie
Ewing of Peach street, will have to stand
a preliminary examination on a more se
rious charge than that at first placed
against them. At the time of their arrest
they were charged with battery, but this
morning Alfred Ewing. father of the girl,
swore to a complaint before Justice Mor
ris charging the hay? with a felony. Bonds
to the amount of $500 In each case were
put up by George F. Weeks and . George
Fake, after which the boys were released.
The date for the preliminary hearing has
not been decided upon.
Maggie Ewing is now ill in bed. At
times she is delirious, and on several oc
casions has wandered off as though out of
her head.
« ♦ ■
Many Cakewalk Matches.
OAKLAND, Aug. ll.—The two great
events of the Oakland Cakewalk Carnival
will be the contest between teams repre
senting Oakland and teams representing
San Francisco. These will be for special
medals and the best a vailable fc talent will
be chosen for both teams. Also the great
match between John and Martha Steward
on one side and George Steward and Miss
Beatty on the other will be a special col
ored match cakewalk. Both of the young
gentlemen are brothers, and there has
been. some feeling between them for sdme
time as to. which is the better cakewaller.
They propose to settle It definitely at the
Oakland Cakewalk Carnival. Another
event of great importance will be the
OAKLAND
Cakewalk for the championship of Oak
land. Harry Caro, the winner of the ama- I
teur society State championship medal, is
also challenged to walk a special walk by-
Eugene Kaufman and lady of San Jose,
and as he has accepted, this will be a very
excltlng match.
!COOLIDGE OF SANTA ROSA
NOW STATE PRESIDENT
OAKLAND, Aug. ll.—The State Typo
graphical Union concluded its convention
this afternoon. The committee on reports
concluded Its report as follows:
While the I. T. U. has demanded the sur
render of all State and district charters, we are :
of the opinion that geographically we are bo
tar removed from the headquarters of our In
ternational organization that the necessity Is
Imferaiive of giving that aid, without which
no organization can succeed.
The printing crafts show a great improve
ment during the past year, and the indications
are that the coming year will show our trade j
unionized throughout Its different branches.
The election of officers for the next year
resulted as follows:
C. S. Coolidge of Santa Rosa, president.
J. E. Caler of San Francisco, vice presi- j
dent.
M A. Mclnnis of Oakland, secretary-treas- \
urer. ""»
P. B. Coates of Stockton. State organizer.
Executive committee F. E. Caler, San Fran- ■
rise..; C. E. Backess, Oakland; H. J. Maloney,
San Francisco.
It was decided to meet next year at |
Santa Rosa
IV.ORMON SMITH WILL
FIGHT WIFE'S DIVORCE
CAME ALL THE WAY FBOM
WISCONSIN TO DO SO.
He Will Insist That the Child Is
Taken From the Custody and
Control of the Mother-
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
'.•OS Broadway, Aug. 11.
Norman H. Smith arrived in Oakland
to-night from Lake Mills, Wis., for the
sole purpose of fighting the divorce suit
I brought recently by his wife, Minnie
i Smith, whose adventures with A. Arling
j ton, the bunkoer of widows, has been ex-
I ploited in The Call heretofore. He was
! accompanied by his brother, A. J. Smith,
of Sioux City, lowa. Mr. Smith promises
to conduct a bitter and interesting fight
against his wife's suit.
"Yes, I have come Lake Mills, Wis. -a
pretty good distance— to fight the divorce
suit. Moreover, 1 have brought with mc
two very interesting witnesses who will
prove Important at the trial. I have al
ways done all 1 could for my wife, but
It's all up now. I am not going to make
any particular fight over the custody of
the child for myself, but 1 shall insist
that the child be taken from her control
and custody and placed with some proper
I and fit person.
"Last February I withdrew my suit
against her for a divorce upon the prom
ise that She would lead a better life, and
at that time 1 agreed, too. that she should
have the custody of the child. I told her
she could go to any city she saw fit, and
as long as she behaved I should send
her a check each month. --.--» ' "
"Suddenly one day she disappeared and
I heard no more of her until the sum
mons in her present divorce suit was
served on me. Then I also received a
copy of The Call opening my eyes as to
her adventures with this bunko man Ar
lington, whom In my cross complaint I
1 name as co-respondent."
THE DIVINITY SCHOOL
REMOVAL POSTPONED
Pacific Theological Seminary Unable
to Dispose of Its Oakland
Property. *
BERKELEY, Aug. ll.—The failure of
the trustees of the Pacific Theological
Seminary to sell their Oakland property
has rendered it impossible to remove the
Congregational divinity school to Berke
ley this fall, as announced. The plan will.
however, be carried out as soon as pos
sible and the freshman class will be
started in Stiles Hall, the university Y.
M. C. A. building, this month. The junior
and senior courses will be given In Oak
land as before.
The plan Is to utilize the excellent fa
cilities offered free by the State univer
sity as far as possible. The theologians
will attend the university courses in
Hebrew, economics and history particu
larly. j^
FEARED HER HUSBAND
WOULD MURDER HER
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— Mrs. Elizabeth I
Lange, who Is seeking a divorce from her i
husband, Theodore Lange, on the ground j
of cruelty, told the story of her matrimo- ;
nial troubles at the trial to-day In Judge
Ellsworth's court. According to her tes
timony she married the defendant thirteen j
; years ago, and for several years the ;
1 couple resided at Lorin; but of late years [
the husband's violent temper and threat.
against her life have become unbearable.
1 The wife said that he had frequently j
beaten her. .' • ;
At this afternoon s session the little .
daughter of the parties was put on tho 1
' stand and gave testimony unfit to print. !
Lange lately returned from the Klondike,
and he is bitterly fighting the divorce suit. 1
Mrs Lange claims that he is now anxious \
to return to her, with a view to claiming
! interest In the property which was deed- (
' ed to her when he took the balance to pay
for his trip to the frozen north.
•— •-♦
i Berkeley High School Football.
fi BERKELEY. Aug. 11.— Captain Charles
Foiz of the Berkeley High School football !
team has already begun to get his men in -.
readiness tor the coming season's games. i
1 Ground has been secured for a gridiron !
at the corner of Bancroft way and Mtlvla .
street, and temporary training quarters j
will be built. A squad of thirty men has j
already enlisted for the season's work, j
anil it' is proposed to select two elevens
from these, thus affording active practice |
every night.
■ _» ■ —
More Delay for a Murderer.
OAKLAND, Aug. ll.—The attorneys for
! W. A. Brandes, who nearly five months
ago was convicted of beating to death
his fifteen-year-old daughter Lillian, were
to-day once more granted thirty days ad
< ditional time In which to prepare the, pro
' posed bill of exceptions on which the case
, will go to the Supreme Court.
#****■******■*•*>*<»#♦*♦*♦•
j-j, ijEL.
MOST QUIT
TALKING AND
GET TO WORK
Council Schemes on
the Increase.
— » —
WATER SAMPLES SECURED
— ♦ —
LITTLE TO SHOW FOR FIVE
MONTHS IN OFFICE.
♦
Mayor Snow's Message May Help to
Throw Light on Some of the
Projects That Are Now on
the Programme.
♦——
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Aug. 11.
9 ■ Erectior ■*{ a public garb- #
* age crem_ . . — Councilman %
I Stetson. I
% Opening of West street from <-*,
* Berkeley to the water front
* and converting same into a *
% boulevard. — Councilman Gi- *
* rard. %
% Construction of wharves on <$.
* the western water front. *
* Councilman Mott. *
% Establishing a municipal %
*> water supply and also a salt <£
* water sprinkling plant, <_>
* Councilman Cuvellier. J; j
* A new city charter.— Coun- *
* cilman Kowe. *
<$> Purchase of public parks. <|>
I Councilmen Upton, Cuvellier, <<j>
* Bowe and Uirard.
* A new City Hall.— Council- *
II man Mott. $
a.
These are a few of the more Important
schemes and their originators that are
now interesting the city officials. They
are making lots of work for some of the
departments. To-day the City Clerk of
fice was busy preparing resolutions au
thorizing the City Attorney and City En
gineer to report to the Council the neces
sary proceedings for the opening of West
street. Councilman Glrard and Professoi
Rising of the State University went to
San Leandro with proper demijohns to
obtain some samples of water from the
wells at Roberts Landing, which the pro
fessor will analyze. _
This morning the Board of Works reaa
Mr. Mott's resolution relating to the es
tablishment of wharves In West Oakland
and referred to the committee of the
whole. The City Engineer is engage.!
with the Street Superintendent procuring
data concerning salt-water sprinkling
plants. Every other city official ls In
some way -interested in one or more of
the many schemes now on the boards.
It Is very evident that there is more
work in hand than can be successfully
carried out by any one Council, especially
when it is necessary for said Council to
pass half an hour at a regular meeting
debating whether or not tne Poundman
shall be required to refund a fee for im
pounding a cow. These weighty matters
require time and deliberation and involve
millions of dollars. Each one of them
would be a distinct Improvement to the
city, and lf not now will sobn be a neces
sity. But It will be necessary to take
them up seriatum. v - _• .
"Nearly one-quarter of our term of ol
fice has expired." said a Councilman who
has not a scheme to-day, "and we have
done nothing. That is to say, we have
done nothing very big. We reduced em
ployes' salaries tor a couple of month*
and raised them again; we appointed a
City Wharfinger, and had the City Hall
steps painted. We have talked about
Prince Poniatowskl and his Blue Lake
water drealns; we bought two old non
histone cannon at a fancy figure and have
turned them back to their owner; we have
quarreled considerably with the Board of
Works; we have not done anything for
the annexed district; most of us nave
had our vacation; we have all drawn our
salaries regularly. But somehow or other
It seems to me that eleven of us with
the Mayor might have done a little more.
I almost forgot to mention tile fact that
we attempted to move the corporation
yard and thus save $10 a month, but
failed. But at the same time we have
authorized expenditures for this month
which I understand are about double
those authorized during this month of
last year, and we were to be so econonil
cal, too." - - -
The Mayor's message, which was out
lined in The Call a week ago. will be pie
sented to the Council next Monday night
and may throw some light on a few of
the measures now under discussion.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— An appraisement
of the estate of the late Captain John
Edward Burns, who died in Alameda
about two months ago, was filed to-day,
showing a total value of $12,000. Of this
$8000 represents the value of the schooner
Vine and $3923 the income from freight
earned by the schooner and collected by
C. D. Bunker & Co. ;.'..'
Charles W. Bristol was arrested to-day
on complaint of his wife, who charges
battery. He is a liveryman, and his case
has gone over until to-morrow.
Mrs. Laura Cowing has experienced
much unpleasantness owing to the pub
lication of an item regarding a shoplifter
named Mrs. Cowing who also resides at
Frultvale, but with whom she has no ac
quaintance. Mrs. Laura Cowing is a
reputable and well-known woman and a
prominent member of the Order of East
ern Star. •..■-,*•..-»
W. E. Madden and his young wife, who
are charged with the theft of several rings
by Mrs. Pfistcr, appeared in the Police
Court to-day, and the husband pleaded
gulltv but insisted that he found the ar
ticles. Sentence was continued until to
morrow, as was also the wife's case.
"Mike" Kenney filed suit to-day against
John Hackett and J. F. Ives for the re
covery of $366 7."). with Interest at the rate
of 7 per cent from May 16. 1899. The suit
is over an unsatisfied judgment obtained
In an action for the recovery of the race
horse Tortoni. ''""__;■_'-■-
The Berkeley Land Company filed ar
ticles of Incorporation to-day to conduct
a general real estate business, with the
principal place., of business In Berkeley.
The capital stock Is fixed at 25.000 shares
at $10 each, of which $250 has been actu
al^' subscribed In sums of $50 each by the
following, who constitute the board of di
rectors: .XV. E. Sell, J. B. Warren. B. F.
Arnold. J. M. Whltworth and William H.
Hathaway. .- , o
The police are searching for a clever
confidence man who passed a bogus check
at E. R. Tints' hardware store yesterday.
He made an $1S purchase and received
$24 50 In change. The check was drawn on
the Tallant Banking Company, and was
signed Charles T. Orland.
Heat Affected His Mind.
OAKLAND, Aug. 11.— J. M. Bryan, late
of Clover. Fresno County, was examined
for Insanity by the Lunacy Commission
ers to-day at the request of his mother.
It developed that the heat of San Joa
quin Valley has had much to do w.th his
present condition, which consists of ib
sent mlndedness and nervousness. Ho
was not violent and talked rationally and
seemed anxious to undergo treatments but
It was determined that he was not a fit
subject for the insane asylum at the .'x-
E£_ase of the State. Bryan 13 27 years ,->f
'■.- ''■■"'_ ;.-.;'
Berkeley
age. a mlllhand by occupation, and has
a wife and chid.
OSGOOD THE BIGAMIST.
He Is Held to Answer Before the Su
perior Court on Two Charges.
The wives of George L. Osgood, the fas
cinating whisky drummer, were all gath
ered In 'Judge Mogan's court yesterday to.
listen to the argument of counsel for and
against his being held to answer before
the Superior Court on two charges of big
amy.
When the cases were called Prosecuting
Attorney Joachimsen offered in evidence
the two warrants of arrest, which clotvtl
his case. Atttorney Peter Dunne object xl
to their introduction, but was overruled.
To the astonishment of everybody in th
court, which was crowded. Attorney
Dunne said he would submit the ea.*es on
the testimony of the prosecution, and the
Judge promptly held Osgood to answer on
both charges, fixing his bonds in *'->"■
each. .
Labor Council Deliberations. :..
The greater portion of hist night's ses
sion of the Labor Council was taken up in
a discussion as to the advisability of the
council accepting delegates representing
the newspaper carriers. A delegation from
the three morning newspapers was pres
ent with credentials for admittance to the
body, and the committee on organization
reported in favor of admitting them: but
as the question involved many new Issues
heretofore not met with by the admission
of invested capital Into an organization,
representing organized labor, a long and.
tiresome debate ensued.
The question was eventually postponed
for one week by a vote of 14 to 13. which
went to show that the delegates were
pretty evenly divided on the question of
admittance.
Communications from the Governors of
Oregon, Montana, Utah and lowa were
received in reply to circulars sent out by
Secretary Rosenberg regarding the dis
charge of volunteers in San Francisco
As- a means of arriving at the rate of
wages paid to mechanics in the State of
Oregon, a committee consisting of O. F.
Tveitme, J. G. Taylor and N. Meyer was
appointed by the chair, with instructions-,
to report at the next meeting of the coun
cil. •:■■, .;- .-•-*-
A delegate from the horseshoers union
reported that the city's horses were being
shod by non-union labor, and as a result
several valuable horses were being crip
pled and laid up in the hospitals at the
expense of the taxpayers. The matter
was referred back to the horseshoers'
union for positive action before the Labor
Council would take official notice of the
matter.
Delegates George Fuller from the ce
ment-workers' and Charles Jackson from
the carpenters' unions were admitted to
seats In the body. A communication from
the United Miners' Association of Indian
Territory relative to miners' wages was
received and referred to the executive
committee.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
I^^ Steamers leave Broadway
twWfc. wharf, San Francisco:
1 lj_t_i____ For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m .
. _Bp*«_!m__. August 4. 9. 14. 19. 24. 29. Sep-'
3IK ___EvK_ tember 3. change at Seattle.
_ _-__-____-__! I*l For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
_ f*-9sS_!_2___al (*.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
I /-^--^_EsS___M Tacoma, Everett. Anacortea
- and New Whatcom (Wash.).
"■ 10 a. m. August 4. 9. 14. 19.
24 29 September 3, and every fifth day there-
afte.. change at Seattle to this company
steamers fo? Alaska and G. N. Ry.; V. Ta-
C . For E_«l«r<Hum_oWt p. m.. August
I Fnr Fureka '(Humboldt Bay). 2p. m.. August
; 2. 7 It 11 22. 27. September 1. and every, flftr.
! d For h s a e ent er Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
G_v\ota Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme
Sa n n Vl Pedrl. a East San Pedro (Los Angeles^ and
Kewr>ort 9 a. m.. August 4, 8. Is, '». __ -•»•
28. S^»tember 1, and every fourth day there-
-8 For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis OblspoV Santa Barbara, Port
__\ Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
m August 2. 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 26. 30. September
rand every fburth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
m For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to chang.
without devious notice steamers, sailing date,
_*nd hnurp of mllln_f. .. . ___'_____
TICKET <>FFTcK-4 New Montgomery
ct GOODALL CC * CO.. Gen, Agt...
GOODAL-.. 10 Market st.. San Francisco. _
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
- From Spear-street Whcrf at 10 a. m.
rinc Sl2 First Claae Including Bert»
rAnt «8 Second Clase and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA suils ............
cWlUMßla' sails.' ."..Aug. 1. 11. 21. 31, Sept. 10.
C short line to Walla Walla. Spokane Bute.
Hil-__ and all points In the .Northwest.
Through tickets to an points Eart.^ AKpnt ,
630 Market «t.
GOODALL. PERKINS .' C^g^g
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOOTH&MPTON, LONDON. PARIS.
Stepping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul August IP! St. Pnul.. September i-?
New Tork. ...August 23 New York Sept. IS
St. Louis August 30, St. Louis. ......Sept. »
RED STAR LINE.
New York an-1 Antwero.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 1? noon.
Kensington .....K V m. 101 Southwark •• — Sept. «
Noordland Aug. 23 ! Western and ---^Pt- »
Friesland Aug. 30 I Kensington ....Sept. .0
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Mlcha*-!. Dawson City.
For Full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to .--.-..-,
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st.. or any of If agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. I p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (H'.ogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers 'o*
India, etc. No cargo received on board <-n day
of sailing. ■:■'■■
AMERICA MARC Friday. October «
HONGKONG MARU Thursday. August 17
NIPPON MARE Tuesday. September 1?
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Fur
! freight and passage apply at company's office.
i .21 Market St., cor First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
___________ ___nn.___._i The S. S. Australia
i l '®__l_S.«B_li__ *»"'■■ for Honolulu
' If A a M * We< * nM< * alr ' August 23.
•_*.**_-**? _M _■ at - p. m.
t_3 _ffl.__n/ I' > ? - p - Alameda sails
1 ,I___3SS_S >JP_m -hin_J via Honolulu and
«^r^C.lCdl!Ol!!t' <: - Auckland for Sydn-y
- WRft^ (^.mt.TiJ/L'- Wednesday, September
• - v " '- _* fi. at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia,. India, Sue-_.
England, etc.; .610 first class
i. 0. SFHtCKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 14 Montoomer.
Pi«f 7. Foot Pacific St. Freight utttce.327 Market St.
; COMPAGNIE GENERAL TERANBATLANTIQOE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS, jgfijjai'
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. .jJ ttJ J>
from Pier 42. North River, foot ot
Morton IA LA BRETAGNE August W .LA
NORMANDIE. August 26; LA TOLKAI>>..
tint J: LA CHAMPAGNE Sept. 9; LA GAS-
COG Sent. 16- First-class to. Havre. J6o
and upward. per cent reduction on round trip.
r,„ C n° n on rS tri^^^^OETNCT FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad -
wav (Hudson building). New "iork. J F. TV-
GA7.I & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, o Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
"fOR U. s7hAVY-YARD ANO VALLEJO.
■Xr,:*?'- Steamer "Montlceno." - -
MON Tue... Wed.. Thur.. and Sat. at 9:45
. m 3:13 8:30 p. m. lex. Thurs. night). Fri-
l day, 'l P- m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m.. «
I n m' Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
! Pier No 2. Telephone Main '.COS.
i FARE -*■
:.'■■-■■
_1112
BAN F-.A-.CTSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
$00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
63? McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
(115 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street*, open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
f026 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA CI No. 5. R. A. M.. A
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) EVEN-^^
ING, Au>.. 12. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M-^^
degree. By order of the IL P. '~ '
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1. I. °A, Aft
0 Second and third degrees THIS >•
(SATURDAY') EVENING. All patri- XX
archs welcome. » X
W. 1. DUBOIS, C. P.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2. -_______%&._
1 (V O. F.— Regular meeting : §£J2s__s___
THIS (SATURDAY) EVENING. rfjSmS^s-
Second degree. _ _
A. K. KINGSFORD. M. D.
ST. ANDREW'S Society Members . C 7 St,
are requested to attend the funeral A, %3Y-J
of our late fellow member, DR. "-fl *^QkS_*
GEORGE B. McLAY. from Ma-
sonic Hall. Mission st., near Twenty-third,
on SUNDAY. August 13, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JAMES S. WEBSTER, President.
A. R. PATTERSON. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of Pa-
cific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mission
st. on WEDNESDAY. August 23. 1599, at
8:30 p. m., for the election of directors for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before it. Transfer
books will close Friday, Aug. IS, at 4 p. m.
By order of the board of directors.
M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
_". K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits & ■
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
mcved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market St.; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without succesi; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. fcso Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. R. PARKER. 916 Market st. room 67; advice
free; charge low; business pushed. _^
NAGLE * NAGLE, Attorneys-at-Law. Emma
Spreckeis Building, 927 Market st.
L S CLARK— Spreckeis building, 927
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St. opp. Mason.
I ■* 1
BOARD AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First st— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board. $5 a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
FRUITVALE; priv. board: extensive grounds.
lncl. orchard; Hopkins House, Hopkins and
Fruitvale a*..; cars pass. Ad. Diamond P. O.
HOTEL FAIRMOUNT— Strictly first-class; 1714
Market St.. S. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
pean plan: elegantly furnished rooms, single
or en suite: board and room, $1 per day up; ,
suites without board. $1 per day; single rooms.
50c: special rates by month, also to tourists.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, suitable for 4; private: bath; board op.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
Sq.— Restaurant, dining rm.; cen. for lunches.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD,
CASH paid for school books, or exchanged for
new. LORIMER 1527 Market, opp. Van Ness.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. 704 Mission St.. near Third.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S6OO— NEWSPAPER and periodical route;
first-class paying: including stock of periodi-
cals, store fixtures and 3 furnished rooms.
* Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon in
wholesale district; established many years
and doing splendid business; no low prices;
rent cheap. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— ssoo; PARTNER wanted In pork and sau-
sage factory; knowledge of business not nec-
essary'; only good lively man wanted to at-
tend books and outside route. WILKE, 906 I
Market st.
_V-s26£o; OLD-ESTABLISHED corner grocery
and bar on Eddy st. ; a splendid location and
first-class paying; stock will invoice the price;
living rooms: horse and wagon; death in fam-
ily only cause of sale. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— sl2oo; SALOON and lunch house, with living
rooms; surrounded by factories and ware-
house; rent $15; a money-making place. Call
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market si.
$1250; SALOON on Third st., close to Call
building: rent $80; established years and pay-
ing splendidly; investigate soon; a rare
chance. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
COUNTRY store, consisting of bakery, confec- '
tionery, Ice cream parlors, etc. ; clearing $100 '
monthly; see this chance; price $500. HEALY,
917 Market st. ■
$175— LADIES, attention; branch bakery, candy,
etc.; rooms. HEALY', .17 Market st.
BARBER shop and bath, together with all the
household furniture, in one of the healthiest
little towns on the coast: will give trial; this
is a splendid opportunity for good men. Call
on STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
$350 — CORNER saloon: bargain: sickness cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
A— s2so; locksmith shop for sale; bargain this
day. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777. Market st.
CIGAR store at great sacrifice: day trade; cen-
trally located. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
$325— BARGAIN: Decker square piano; worth j
$1000; almost new. BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$100— SNAP 'or business or residence, small
house; must be sold: make an offer; ground
rent $10 year. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market fit,
room 6, or at 1208 Page st.
AN experienced stationer and printer has $5000
to Invest In an established business. Address
box 1075. Call off!
FOR sale— Meat market, established 10 years.
270$ Mission.
NICE fixtures In cigar and stationery store; ex-
cellent location; low rent. 256 Third st*
PARTNER- or will sell out wood and coal
business Box "2. Call office.
WANTED — Bait or whole, restaurant, oyster
and chop house or coffee saloon; no agents.
Box 1600, Call office.
$I(iO— PARTNER wanted In a sure-paying busi-
ness netting $100 mo. G. C. TERRY. 149 Third.
FOR sale— 2 or 3 restaurant outfits from $100
up. 827 Mission st.
FOR rent— Rare chance; on account of sick-
ness, fine summer resort doing good business:
near railroad station. Alameda County. For
further information call S. STERN, 34 Fourth I
WANTED— Men for rich Government oil lands:
best chance ever offered to make money. For
full particulars address S. KLEIN, box 1303.
WANT good contractor or business man with
$8000; contract can be completed in 60 days;
Immense profits. Box 1442. Call office.
BARGAIN- Grocery; large stock; good trade;
fine fixtures. NW. cor. 4th and Clay, Oakland I
FRUIT store; 3 living rooms; large cellar; !
horse and wagon; paying business. 209
Second St.; bargain,
BARGAIN— Lark Saloon. 12 Seventh st., I.- O. ]
0. F. building, opp. New Postofflce building.
— PARTNER wanted, good hpuse, 50 rooms,
furnished, central; single man preferred. Box
1019. Call.
$SSO— DELICACY and general store; best loca-
tion: living rooms; average $500 per month.
Apply 106 Eleventh st
FOR sale— A good home bakery; for particulars
inquire at 2555 Market St., near Sixteenth.
1. McELLIGOTT.
THE best paying home bakery and delicatessen
store; large stock of home-made fruits and
relishes; lunch rooms; living rooms; first-
class trade; low rent. 514 Eleventh st, Oak-
land.
BECK & CO. NOAH F. FLOOD, Attorney.
Buy, sell and exchange real estate and busi-
ness chances; loans and collections made. 935
Market st.
FIRST-CLASS paying butcher, sausage and
pork-packing business for sale In one of the i
best towns north of San Francisco. For par- '
ticulars inquire at this office.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith shop for sale cheap;
in city. Box 1479. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
BARGAIN— Meat market; $260: splendid lo-
cality; cash business. Apply owner. 506 Castro.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
WANTED— Hcuse painted and rooms papered in
exchange for .-seated business buggy or sin-
gle buggy. Apply 3164 Twenty-fourth st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS Eecond-ha-nd harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folßom at.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted wfth poor "Work _-
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson st ; tel. South 228; lowest rates..
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. :
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SKIMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MR_TrjH~CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will • -veal every
hidden mystery; si c will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles* restore lost affections: unites the sep-
arated: recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life. past, present and future
while In a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular ,
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
1023V4 Market st, near Sixth. Always consult
the best .
MME. LANGE, the great clairvoyant, tells past
and future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fee. 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody; lucky numbers. 810 Howard. nr.sth.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and :
card reader; horn with double veil and second |
sight: diagnoses disease; full life readings:
ladles. 50c; gents. $1; sittings. $1 50. 126 Turk.
MEDIUM and healer: dr. Mondays. Thursdays;
v p. m. Mrs. Ehrhorn. 1908 V. Mission St.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
* advice; names given 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley; tells your life from
cradle to grave. 50c. $1 up. 106 Taylor. par.3-.>.
GYPSY life reader, returned with renewed
power In spiritual reading. 25c up. •'■ 'th. ,
MME HA.NSON, card reader and palmist: past '
present and future, 25c. 148 Sixth st . room lE.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards, ;
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth st. rooms 2-3.
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission. ,
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
MME - AUGUST, 1149 Mission st, clairvoyant '
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay: Be.
CONSULT on matters of business, health .and <
happiness LAJHI. the Psychic, 120 A Eddy St.
MME SYBILLE. cradle to grave: future hus- i
band's picture, ;..c: ladles. 914 O Farrell st
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
COTTAGES TO LET.
FLORENCE, 9, bet. Broadway and Vallejo,
Taylor and Jones — 5 rooms and stationary
tubs; $10.
DENTISTS.
a77dR~^t7~s7~HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
' Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform: also by local anaesthetics ap- j
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic I
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from 50c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and |
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit .
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 oO
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW ANAESTHETIC FOR PAINLESS
DENTISTRY. SYNOI
Removes the pain; an application to the
gums and th. nerves sleep, you remain wide
awake; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner |
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-,
out a plate; fillings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set $5; all work painless and warranted. ]
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. j
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC 1 ? Mar- |
ket st., cor, 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth j
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to pi p. m. : Sundays. 9to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex- j
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder- '■
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges, $4; 1
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first I
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ltv; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER. 6 Turk; Deutscher Zfehnarzt; crown
and bridge work; open Sundays. 9 to 12 m.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Fillings. s<.c up; crowns,
•$3 up: open evenings. 850 Mn--kct St.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at the McDowell Dressmaking School, 103
Post st.
EDUCATIONAL
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. San
Francisco ßookkeeping, • business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer- i
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineral
surveying, etc. ; electrical engineering— thuory,
practice, design, construction, mechanical
drawing; 25 teachers; Individual instruction;
200 graduates annually placed in positions;
students can enter for any course any time;
no entrance examinations; new 80-page cata-
log free.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE OF ART,
SCHOOL OF DESIGN.
This school will reopen on Monday. August j
7th; drawing, painting and modeling from i
life; still life or antique; half-days, $7 per
month; whole days, $10 per month, or $37 50
per tern, Of 4 ! _ months; night classes Mon-
days, Wednesdays and Fridays; antique $3 !
and life $5 per month. For further particulars
apply to the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
or at the school building, corner of Pine and
Mason streets. J. R. MARTIN. Secretary.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the universities, law and medical col-
leges, teachers' examinations, etc.; special
courses In all English branches, languages,
mathematics, sciences, etc.; evening classes;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing, Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship. $50; catalogue.
A— HOPF'S Singing. Piano School; summer
rates _*■: French, Spanish dally. Merc. Li-
brary, 530 Golden Gate, r. 5-6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
AN experienced gentleman, unusually qualified
to instruct youths or adults, will be free for
more pupils by Aug. 15. Address box 1157. Call.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ; day and eve;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market
A LADY teaches piano, mandolin thoroughly;
50c an hour; excellent pianist and accompanist
for entertainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia,
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters- as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
' M G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
in shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
INSTRUCTION in dancing, bsfllroom or stage,
j Mon. and Fri. evgs. Prof. O'Brien. 107 Larkln.
MISS Guadalupe Vallejo teaches Spanish and
English; competent; translations. 1512 Cal. St.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
ENGLISH literature, classes or privte; special
Shakespeare classes. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory In
Lelpslc; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
dayand night: terms low. 1024 Mission nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 56.
j EMPLOYMENT WANTED Female.
DRESSMAKER, thoroughly competent, per-
fection in fitting and trimming; costumes re-
modeled latest styles; $1 per day. J. H. P.,
501 Post st, room 34.
RESPECTABLE German girl wishes a posi-
tion for general housework; understands Ger-
man and French cooking; references. 930
Montgomery st.
STRONG, reliable Eastern girl: desirable posi-
tion in general housework and cooking; city
or Oakland. Call at 221 Hickory aye.
LADY wants plain sewing and mending to do
at home. -150 Fourth st., room 7. : .«.-:• _..'-.*■"•"•.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
POSITION in an institution or school; a re-
fined ' Protestant woman, with several years'
experience; city or country; best references.
F. M. S., 1727 Sutter st. -1
THE SAT* FRANCISCO CAM;, SATURDAY, AUGUST 12, IS9&
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FemaIe.
YOUNG girl wishes, situation to do housework.
■■ Plctfc .1. H>_gjfl_**_^ le en tma ' ""■ —
AN experienced stenographer "and* p^writier,
with good references, wishes position. Ad-
dress box 1460, Call office. _____
YOUNG German girl, speaks German _ only,
wishes situation to assist with general house-
work. 1834 Lyon st. bakery.
YOUNG woman wants home in city; willing to
give light service and experienced, but lost
her hearing. Box 1302. Call onto*.
YOUNG German woman would like work by
day; laundry, cooking or cleaning. 2010 Fol-
som st.
YOUNG lady would like a position as type-
writer or office work. Room 29, second floor,
906 Market st. .
WANTED— Position as housekeeper in hotel
or private house by woman with child nl " e
years old, city or country. Address MRb. _..
W.. 2038 Pacific aye., Alameda, Cal. ■
A~ CULTURED lady with Eastern certificate
would like to instruct ladles whose education
has been neglected. Address J. E., care of
Sherman. Clay & Co.. cor. Kearny and Sutter.
YOUNG woman wishes a situation In the
country in good family. 1263 Broadway, near
Hyde st. .
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 2..C to $150 night; $1 «0 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED Male.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best Kelp. 414*. O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman,
understands care of fine horses, cows, gar-
den work and ls handy with tools, desires
position. Address box 1698, Call office.^
CIVIL engineer, surveyor and draughtsman,
with first-class field and office outfit, would
like an engagement with contractor. Address
box 1597, Call office.
YOUNG Englishman of good appearance and
average business education, seeks position:
trustworthy and steady. I. WITTY. Hotel
Robinson, 1049 A Market st.
RESPECTABLE man of 40 (German), with a
monthly Income, wishes a situation; has a
little experience in grocery, bar. cigar store
or hotel clerk. Address box 1594, Call office.
STRONG young man. age 26, wants situation
in store and warehouse, any capacity; wages
moderate. Apply box 1456. Call office.
YOUNG man. 18, with experience as electrical
engineer, wants position In electrical engi-
neer's office; best references. Box 1078. Call.
PBESSBOT and young job compositor wanted.
HYMAN BROS., 12 Montgomery st., rooms
13 and 14.
WANTED.. Grubstake, about $7:.. by competent,
practical man. Address box 1595, Call office.
GOOD coatmaker for country; good wages. P.
OREENBERG & CO., 29 Flood building.
GOOD winemaker, 20 years' experience. Just
arrived from France, desires a position in a
wine cellar: best references. GUILHEM,
New Europe Hotel, 725 Sansome st.
POSITION as head laundryman In hotel or in-
stitution; 15 years' experience; good refer-
ences. 38 Croke st.
JAPANESE, honest schoolboy, who can cook,
wants a situation In a good family. K. KA-
Y'AMA, Japanese Y. M. C. A.. 121 Halght st.
ENGINEER and machinist, age 32, used to sta-
tionary and traction engine; also dynamos:
hand-." with all kinds of tools; Al references.
Box 1447. Call.
YOUNG man wants situation as gardener in
private family; reference. Address J. A.
MacDONALD. 214 Third st.
YOUNG man with some experience In pictorial
painting and drawing wants situation to
learn decorating and graining. Address .E.
O. N.,-410 Kearny st.. room 10.
PRINTERS— Up-to-date foreman (now In
charge) will make change If firm is enter-
prising and hard work appreciated; can take
entire charge of inside; competent, sober, re-
li a ible 1 Address "FOREMAN." box 1158. Call.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
HIGHEST U. S. army, navy and Government
officials are using Mayerle's glasses. GEO.
MAY'ERLE, German Expert Optician, char-
ter member American Association of Opti-
cians, 1071\_ Market st. San Francisco, Cal.;
glasses fitted by mall- -
FLATS TO LET.
A LOWER bay-window flat; 4 large rooms,
bath, yard. 714 Franklin st., nr. Golden Gate.
CORNER flat. 4 sunny rooms; rent $12. Apply
at 19 Hartford st.
CORNER bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath, gas;
cottage of 6 rooms. 1876 15th st., nr. Dolores.
EDDY. 635— A strictly first-class lower flat, 7
rooms and bath: rent (with water), $25, no
less; richly worth $30.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FOUR-ROOM flats; large yard, stables and
wagon sheds. 1157 Harrison st.
FULTON 146 G00d lower flat, 6 rooms, bath;
near City Hall; $16. '
HOWARD, 1418% rooms, 7 closets, bath;
rent cheap to good tenant.
LOWER flat, 4 rooms and bathtubs; yard. 84
Fair Oaks st '
MODERN bay-window flat of 4 rooms and
bath: rent $15. 245 Ninth st
NEW flat. 8 rooms, bath: 119 William st. bet.
Taylor and Jones. Apply at 729 Ellis st.
PAGE, 131 near Market— Six rooms, laundry,
bath and basement good for shop; $18.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
TWENTY-FIRST, 3239, bet. Mission and Val-
encia—Sunny flat, garden, cellar; rent $19 50.
$18— UPPER flat; 5 rooms; all conveniences. 514
Shrader St.. one block from Park.
FUUNITUR-- FOR SALE.
NICE oak bedroom set nearly new; also car-
pet cheap. Box 1624, Call Office.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
50c. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
HELP "WANTED Agents.
WANTED— Two good agents to sell the J!»n-
zenhauer guitar-zither No. 2.4; agents that
have been selling that line of goods before
will find lt to their interest to call in the
forenoon at 129 Third st. room >.
AGENTS ladies or gentlemen, if you are not
making good wages, call and see what we
have to offer you. 75 Third st., room 17.
" iIELP WANTED —
C. R. HANSEN & 0T... PHONE GRANT 185
Head waitress, $30, and 2 waitresses, $20, for
first-class country hotel; 10 waitresses, differ-
ent country hotels; 6 waitresses, city, $20 and
$25* 5 restaurant waitresses. $5 and $6. short
hours; extra ironer. $1 50 a day, free fare.
FAMILY ORDERS
Cook and second girl for family of 2, Mare
Island $50 see party here to-day; second girl
for country', $20, free fare; nursegirl for 1
child. $20, and a great many girls for cooking
and housework, $15 to $30. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
' WANTED- and assistant for miners'
boarding-house. $60; head waitress, $30, and 2
waitresses $20 each, all same country hotel;
cook on a ranch. $30; 4 German nurses, $20
and $25* 6 second girls and laundresses, city
and country, $20 and $30; 6 waitresses, private
boarding-houses and reetaurants, $20, $25, and
$6 a week, and more than 100 girls for all
kinds of work, city and country, too numer-
ous to advertise, at going wages. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., at 32'_ Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing machines;
will take in several hundred more operators;
good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED GirI for general housework in Ala-
meda; no washing; 6 in family; $15 per month.
Apply 15 Dale place, off Golden Gate aye.
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' custom
shirts; steady employment to good hands. 535
Valencia st.
GIRL wanted for light housework; sleep at
home. Call at fruit store on Baker St., near
Greenwich.
GERMAN girl; general housework; plain cook-
ing good wages; email family. Apply 933
Halght st. '
WANTED— young lady negative retoucher
before 10 a. m. J. D. MENDOZA & CO.,
309 Montgomery aye.
NEAT girl for housework and cooking; German
preferred. Apply A. MARSTON. Tenth St.,
near Channlng way, West Berkeley.
YOUNG girl as company for lady at night; can
go to school. Call from 12 to 6 p. m. at SSS9
Seventeenth st., near Sanchez.
NEAT girl to assist with housework; wages
$10. 1915 Pierce st. ; call in the morning.
GIRL to do light housework at 1154 Golden
Gate ave^
WANT a neat girl for light housework and
sleep at home. 2839 Baker st. •
FIRST-CLASS trimmer wanted at 1323 Stock-
ton St., New York Millinery.
GOOD makers wanted at 1323 Stockton st., New
York Millinery. . ■
WANTED— girl to assist in housework;
$7 per month; German preferred. 301 Bryant.
GIRL for chamberwork, wait and assist; expe-
rienced. Call 742 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— A . quick ventilator; good wages.
24 Geary st.
GIRL to assist in light housework. " 530 Lyon
. i street.
HELP — Female.
WOMEN and girls— Apply immediately. Cali-
fornia Canneries Co., Ltd., Brannan St.. bet.
Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply im-
mediately California Canneries Co., Ltd.,
Brannan St., between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— WOMEN AND GIRLS to work
on fruit at Fontana & Co.'s Cannery, corner
Francisco and Taylor sts.
OPERATORS on shirts; a few apprentices
taken. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36',. Fremont
st. ; take elevator. -■■'--' '-*'
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit:
steady employment. CODE - PORTWOOD
CANNING CO., Tenth and Bryant sts.
LIGHT housework; American family of three:
home privileges; wages $S. Apply 1328. Fell
St., near Broderick. ________________
WANTED— Experienced girl as nurse for two
small children and assist with other duties:
must have good reference. Apply 2672 Pine.
FAT ladies wanted: good compensation. Apply
at the Olympia. Mason and Eddy sts., bet. I
and 2 to-day. '.""-■
EXPERIENCED hand on vests and one ap-
prentice. 528 Stevenson st.. upstairs.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co.. San Francisco. Cal.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
A GOOD hairdresser wanted; one who venti-
lates preferred: good salary. 240 Stockton st.
HELP "WANTED 3IaIe.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want to-day, 6495 men and boys, from $L 5
to $15 per month, board and lodging, come
and see; 364 laborers and teamsters for all
parts of California, including San Francisco,
wages $3 $2 50, $2, $1 75 day, no experience
required. $45 and found; 6 men as deckhands,
no experience required, boss at our office,
$45 and found ■.".""'_",'""_
25 laborers for quarry $42 and found
$3 day 9 drillers and hammermen $1 day
, BIG WAGES PAID VV___S
AT MINES 37 MINES GOOD MINES
197 men wanted as laborers, no exi>erlence
required, anybody will suit, you will, wages
$57 per month. including board and lodging,
steady jobs year round, railroad fare from
51 25; 6 miners, hard rock, double. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 036 Clay st.
$3 75 DAY, bollermakers and carpenters; 2
bollermakers for a mine, $3 75 day.. ••
4 carpenters "for ranches, $2 50 day and
found * : * * *,
5 carpenter, city Jobs, 8 hours, 2 months
Job, $2 50 day ••; **••
MURRAY' & READY. 634 and 036 Clay st
BLACKSMITHS AND MACHINISTS.....
15 blacksmiths and horseshoers and helpers,
$3, $2 50, $2 a day. $60, $5". $40. $30 and found..
3 machinists, city and country ••••••*-■ <- a >'
.... ENGINEERS WAGON-MAKERS ...
Engineer for a sawmill, married. ...sl«oo year
hoisting engineer, steady job - - - *'-*''
3 wagon-makers, $7S and »2 50 day, steady
. °PA INTE RS ' S AS _ i 'ANI-" DOOR M A KERs7".
Carriage painter, near city $40 and found
sash and door makers, country; cabinet-
makers *
DAIRIES AND FARMS ..........
5 milkers, same country dairy.... s3o and round
36 milkers, different dairies •■■ ■
$30 and $25 and found
89 farm, orchard and vineyard hands. $35, $30,
$26, $20 per month and found .......
$3 50 day; 26 hay-balers $3 -'° day,
HAY AND HARVEST HELP ...»
69 men fcr hay and harvest fields. $2 50, $2,
$1 50, $1 25 day and found, all big long jobs..
; CHOREMEN AND BOYS. •
29 ehoremen and boys for all classes of
places, bakeries, private residences, stables,
ranches, farms, shops, factories, shop trades,
etc., $30, $26. $25, $20, $15, $10 per month and
found *
bakery wagon and milk wagon drivers....
Swiss gardener, private residence
$25 and found
9 stablemen, city and country Jobs
7545, $40. $30, $25. $20 per month and found
6 bedmakers 672 woodchoppers, fare paid
tiemakers wanted by the hundreds. $_ 50, $2.
$1 7.'., $1 50, $1 cord. 13c, 12c, 10c each, tools
and food round
IN SAN FRANCISCO
64 laborers, teamsters, city Jobs. $2. $1 75 day,
$40 per month and found, single or married
men ••
PRIVATE RESIDENCE HELP
7 coachmen and gardeners, also men about
private residences, city and country Jobs
;.. $30, $25. $20, $15 and found
ARE -YOU MARRIED?
3 cooks and wives 2 milkers and wives
4 farmers and wives.. 3 waiters and waitresses
2 gardeners and wives choreman and wife
for mines. $50. $40. $35. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
CANDYMAKER, country. MURRAY A
READY, 034 and 636 Clay st.
77.777.7. WE ship YOU FREE TO
OLD railroads NEW RAILROADS
ALL THE RAILOADS BUT ONE
(THAT ONE WE DON'T SUNK TO IS
COAST RAILROAD): DRILLERS, HEAD-
ERMEN. SPIKERS. SECTION HANDS,
MUCKERS LABORERS, TEAMSTERS,
ETC.; WAGES from $3 DAY. WE SHIP
YOU FREE
BOARD AND LODGING ONLY'... .S4 50 week
MURRAY' & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
29 cooks.. $55. $.50. $45, $40. $35. $30, $25 found
.v dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 found
32 waiters $33, $30, $25. $20 found
6 first hands, 3 second. 4 third hands: 5 boys
to help in German bakeries. $45, $35. $30. $25,
$20. $15 per month and found; come and see.
DAUNDRYMEN
9 laundrymen, $.".5. $30, $25 and found
PORTERS JANITORS. SHOEMAKERS,
PANTRYMEN, ELEVATOR BOYS, BOYS
TO LEARN WAITING, ETC.
MURRAY & READY, 684-636 Clay St.
FARE $150 • OFFICE FEE $1
FRUIT "PICKERS ..$3O and found. .FRUIT-
PICKERS • •••••■•
69 MEN or ROYS (no experience required);
anybody will suit— YOU WILL— to pick all
kinds of fruits, work in packing and drying
house, etc.; 90 days work; wages $30 per
month. Including board and sleeping; a spe-
cial railroad car will take these 69 people
FARE $1 50.77.7.7.7.7.7.7.7. . .' 'OFFICE ' FEE ' $ i
COME AND.. ......MURRAY ft READY',
SEE US 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO-DAY WE SHIP. ...WE PAY YOUR FARES
To 45 sawmills and woods, corporations and
syndicates, anybody will suit, no experience
required; 287 men wanted to wheel sawdust,
pile slabs, lumber, load cars, do laboring,
learn to run machines, work in woods*, and
56 other different positions, wages $26 to $40
per month and found, good food, beautiful
climate and steady Jobs all the year round.
ALSO PLANING MILL HELP.
ALSO— ISB men to every position In woods and
mill
head donkey men; crosscut sawyers;
tallymen; setters for mill; screw tur-
........ ners: sawyers and woodturners: mill
.........bench hands; tree fellers: Jack screw-
rS ; lumber pliers; spool tenders;
..... " shingle bolt makers, and others,
'.77 wages $95. $90. $85, $80, $75, $70, $65,
jfin_ $50, $40, $30 and found; come and
see
" Bee . .7.7.7. ./MURRAY ft READY',
WW..'. 634 and 636 Clay st.
WVNTED— Cook and wife for miners' board-
ing house. $60, call early: cook, country res-
taurant, $35 and found; hotel and restaurant
waiters, city and country, $20, $25, $30 and
$35: second baker. $25: boy to assist in cake
bakery, $6 week and board: vegetable cook,
$30; dishwashers. $15 and $20 and found, and
many others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento fit.
W. NTED— 2O men to pick fruit, $1 day and
board, long Job; 50 bop pickers, 80c and 90c
per 100* miner, $40 and board: plain painter;
2 blacksmiths, $35 and $40 and found, steady
Jobs; dairyman and wife. $40; butter maker,
see boss in cltv: American farmer, $25 to
$30 steady work: 2 sheep herders: 4 fence
builders, $2 to $2 25 day, free fare: driver for
milk wagon, $35; laborers, $2 day; wood-
men and teamsters and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER, $25 and $30: dishwasher to help on
range. $20. HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Mont-
gomery st _^
SOBER, plain worklr.gman, for all-around
work 'in business, can give steady city refer-
ences* married; German speaking preferred;
wages $10 a week, no board. 15 City Hall
Square. :
MEN to learn barber trade;, sls weekly made
after 8 weeks' practice; only Institution teach-
ing the tonsorial art; call or write for free
illustrated catalogue. MOLER'S BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St., near Kearny.
.TRAVELING salesman wanted, to sell our
special line of dry goods, direct from our
mills to the retailers: liberal commission.
Address box 560. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED Retail salesman, familiar - with
grocery- or crockery business; give experi-
ence; . reference, and wages expected. Box
1076. Call office.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man In commis-
sion business: will pay $15 to $18 per week;
must have $100 cash; experience not neces-
sary. 1032 Market St., room 4.
JEWELER wanted: experienced man: to go
to Honolulu as foreman: mail references to
W. F. A., box 1077. Call office.
WANTED— 4 good bridge carpenters. Apply
J. WORTHINGTON, S. F. and S. J. V. . R.
R., Pinole. ■
WAITERS wanted; $15 per month and room.
• 615 Valencia st.
HELP WANTED —
FREE -__E^^.7^^.. J ........7nP_U8E FARE.
....COAST AND VALLEY RAILROADS....
For laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen, $1 75
to $2 75 a day. • "..'"--
-_ C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
10 LABORERS for street work and track-
laying, city. 5 months' Job, $2 a day, board
where you like.
_ C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
15 MORE fruit pickers, any able-bodied man
or strong boy will do, $1 a day and found, 2
to 3 months' work.
10 Laborers for the woods, $30 and found,
see boss here; 2 stablemen, $40 and $25 and
found; assistant gardener, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
2 HOTEL waiters, $30 and found: bellboy, with
references, $15; bedmaker, $25 and found; 2
butchers, hotel and restaurant, $35 and
found; dishwasher, mine, $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday;
guarantee. 131 Second st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 131 Third st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; call be-
tween 7 and 10 a. m. ; wages. 446 Third st
BARBER wanted for Saturday. 52 Seventh St.;
wages $3.
2 BARBERS for Saturday; good wages. 797
Mission st. ■■.;.'. : .
WANTED— A barber at 193S Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday. 1091 Howard st.
WANTED— Good barber; steady work. 703
Howard st.
EXPERIENCED hands on wicker work on
demijohns. 627 Brannan st.
WANTED — Experienced bad-bill collector.
KOEHLER'S. 534 >_ California st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Strong man and boy. Apply at
174 Townsend st.
WANTED— Shoemaker on first-class repairing.
12S Oak st.
WANTED— A good waiter. 1923 Fillmore st.
WANTED— good bedmaker. Park Hotel, 26
Turk st
WANTED— 2 lunch waiters and a dishwasher.
210 Townsend st.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted at 517 Montgom-
ery st. . » .
WANTED— extra waiters for Sun-
day at 29 Stockton tt.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
EXPERIENCED bedmaker. G. 8., box 106S,
Call office.
BOY wanted In drug store. Ellis and Buchan-
an sts.
WANTED— An active young man to take half
interest in a nice new little water power saw
and shake mill; ready sale for all product;
satisfaction guaranteed; $250 cash and $150 in
mill product. Address Miller, box 72, Uklah.
Cal.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per week. Apply E.
B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,'
on Valley Road.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— One hundred and fifty men on grud-
in for railroad bet. Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe; wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
500 MEN— Call to-day; get a pair of shoes, some
nearly new, from 60c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 6 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED — first-class plumbers and gasflt-
ters. Apply THOMAS HAVERTY', 435 South
Broadway, Los Angeles. y- >-y
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Hawaiian Islands. Manila, Alaska. New York.
W. LANE, Shipping Agent. 504-506 Davis st
TAKE care of your shoes or they will not take
care of you; Half-soled while waiting, 35c to
COc. 562 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED — A ship's steward with his wife for
a British sailing ship. A. 8., P. O. box 2185,
' city.
WANTED— Boy who has worked at upholster-
ing trade. Apply 341 Hayes st.
COOK used to bakery and coffee house work;
come early. 612 Kearny st.
BOYS from 12 to" 16 years old. Apply at Glass
Works, corner of Seventh and Townsend sts.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order, $2 50 up; sole-
ing, 30c up; heeling. 15c up. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— A few good bench hands: also boys
accustomed to work on sash and doors. King
Planing Mills. 231 King St.
TRY' our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st
MEN can learn barber trade for $5 at 1542 Mar-
ket st; free shaving In students' department.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13.M. Eighth st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c, 20c. 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863. Market tt
TRY Acme House. 957 Market st. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc For Sale
60 HEAD of horses at auction. 220 Valencia St.,
Monday, Aug. 14, at 11 o'clock. S. WAT-
KINS, Auctioneer. I
FOR sale— good horses, weight 1000, 1100, 1250;
also a first-class camping wagon, complete;
this is a bargain; going away. 1617 Mission.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse I" .rket,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLB. Auctioneers.
WANTED— Horse, harness and buggy; ex-
change for new upright piano. BYRON
MAUZY. 308 Post St.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
__________ veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
HORSES WANTED.
FARMERS— Wanted 1 or 2 good sound horses
for delivery. 900 to 1050 weight; well chested;
age 3 to 5; price reasonable. Box 1455. Call.
HOUSES — LODGING For Sale.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET, OPP. FIFTH.
14 rooms on Mission st $375
22 rooms on Geary st; cost $4000 2000
30-rf*oom house on Second st 750
32 rooms on Market st 1200
8 rooms; new flat; very good 300
30-room house; fine corner,
PRICE VERY LOW. CALL
OFFICE, 1020 MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH.
17-room house, new furniture 850
12-room house, large yard; downtown.... 400
15 rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $300 1600
A— KREDO & C 0.... 2\_ GEARY ST.
MONEY TO LOAN. LOANS NEGOTIATED.
$125— 4-room flat; worth $250; rent $15.
6-room flat. Van Ness; rent $20.
$2500—60 rooms. Third st, corner; a bargain.
$5000—105 rooms, new, elevator; clear*. $300 mo.
$1400 36 rooms. Market; half cash.
$700—27 ROOMS: all rented; Market st; cen-
tral; $400 cash; bal. time.* BASILE. 3 Eddy.
PARTI wishing to sell lodging-houses see
BASILE, S Eddy st; new buyers dally.
$200 SNAP— IB-room house; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
ROOMING house, centrally located; cause of
sale sickness; bargain. COWING & CO., 995
Market st.
5-ROOM furnished sflat. rent $16; 3 rented,
bringing In $27; near Fifth and Market sts.
Box 1624. Call office; no dealers.
21 ROOMS; must be sold; make offer. Room
2, 1007.4 Market St., near Sixth.
ROOMING-HOUSE for sale in Oakland; clears
$10") month. Apply 503 California St.. room 210.
MW^ a _, M _M__M_^_Mß-MB^-«-^-«-M«_-_—M—^—M— ■—»—■— —_———_
HOUSES TO LET.
FIRST-CLASS new roadside house to lease. 22
handsome rooms, large bar and restaurant,
stable, garden, etc.; splendid business cor-
ner; on Ocean boulevard, opposite Life Sav-
ing station. DAVIDSON & LEIGH, agents,
30 Montgomery st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
MISSION, 1215V4, near Eighth— l 4 sunny rooms,
bath; suitable for rooming-house.
NEW house of 8 rooms; all modern; unfurn. or
partly furn. to suit. 2533 Mission, near 22d.
TO LET— Rear house; 4 rooms. 1310 _ Larkin
street.
TWO fine houses in splendid condition, 3386 and
3392 Twenty-first st, cor. Guerrero; 7 and 12
rooms.
HOUSES TO LET Furnished.
BIRCH AYE.. 5, oft Larkln— 4 rooms and bath;
nicely furnished.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED- Furnished cottage or flat; fc*rt£ji6
rooms; give price and location. Address box
1449. Call. _________■—_—— ______ -
LOST AND FOUND.
STRAYED or stolen at Belmont, Aug. 5. St.
Bernard bitch, 8 mo*, old; orange and white,
' black facings, white upon forehead: no ques-
tions; reward. Mrs. M. Newhall, Belmont.
LOST on Market st— A cameo locket; suitable
reward. J. R. LINEN. 3 Eddy st.
Mouse-colored greyhound pup. In-
qulre at 1215 Valencia st. '
MEDICAL. '
.{"TREATMENT that never falls to restore
instantly all cases of monthly irregularities,
from whatever cause; guaranteed cure at of-
■ fice. $5 positively; no instruments used; safe
and sure; cure at any time when others fall:
absolute success and safety guaranteed: trav-
elers helped at once: can return home same
day; save time and expense by consulting
first the only reliable ladles' physician of
long and sue essful practice: confidential ad-
vice free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St..
bet. Mason and Taylor. Office hours 9 a, m.
to 5 p. m.: Sundays 9 to 4.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases: all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state
their case before going elsewhere; they will
find In her a true friend: a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home: consultation free
and confidential: home treatment. $5: no in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 610
Eddy st, bet Hyde and Larkin: office hours,
10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays by ap-
pointment only. ,
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day: no Instruments i .ed; cure at of-
fice $5; home In confinement; skillful medical
attention: all can save time and expense by
consulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. -MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet
Hyde and Larkln: hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m.: Sundays. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
THE only place for ladles to consult in all
cases of female complaints; best male expert
physician; we guarantee absolute success at
once; no pain or after effects; we have never
a single failure: we treat by the latest scien-
tific methods; positively no Instruments: self-
cure, $5, guaranteed: nice private home; sep-
arate rooms In confinement; best of care;
kind assistance for the unfortunate; price
reasonable. The Pacific Coast Sanitarium,
office 1206 Market st.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.—
Expert in diseases of women; safe, quick
cure for all female complaints; private home
In confinement; every comfort; infants adopt-
ed: best of care and medical attention; In-
stant relief for travelers; all those who are
sick or discouraged should call; they will find
a true friend and adviser: consult free; self-
cure, $5; can be used at home.
ALL ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
ro years' practice; safe and c.ulck cure guar-
anteed! any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind symp*. thy and eld: sure relief,
though else fall ; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.. ba. les adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.,
pills, $1: very strong, $2.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge; cure, $5; restores in one day and
prevents disgrace; can be sent: consultation
free; ladies' phvsiclan, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregular-
ities, from whatever cause. Dr. CDonnell
has treated successfully more cases of irreg-
ularities than any other physician: never
fails to cure: consult him -Irst save time and
money; treatment can be used at home; con-
sultation free: call or write. 1023 1 . Market st.
DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; Chinese tea
and herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St., San
Francisco; all diseases cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free; hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 d. m.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles: no danger; safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. o. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe, sure; maternity home;
no Instruments; consultation free, confidential:
home treatment.ss. MRS.ALLEN.22B Van Ness.
A— DR. AND MRS. SILVA, 215% Mason st—
Private home in confinement; ladles' friend
in trouble: terms reas.: call and be convinced.
PRIVATE home in confinement, by German
midwife; infants adopted into good homes;
rm. for invalid. 521 Eddy; phone Hyde 2553.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient emmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO.. druggists. 406 Clay, sole agents.
NICE private home In confinement at the most
reasonable price In the city: infants adopted.
MRS. M. PFEIFFER. midwife. 2012 Folsom.
DR: and Mrs. Wise. HIS Market St.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back;, s up.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; rleasant sunny home
in confinement. 156 Second st; tel. Green 52.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINING AND ASSAYING.
DON'T sell Central Eureka stock before you
see R. L. CHENEY. 530 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS— For Sale.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. MC-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 1.5-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS 5-foot Montague range. Baker
sand oven; also Eureka No. 8 stove with high
shelf, for sale cheap. Apply GRAHAM &
LOANE, 439 Fifth st.
A BEAUTIFUL pair genuine Lemair opera
glasses for $5; worth $15. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. .
FOR sale— thoroughbred Jersey cow and
calf. Kansas st, bet. Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth, Potrero. ">■.. y :
PURE distilled water ice,. $3 50 per ton car-
loads, f. o. b. ; $4 for less: sack packing and
cartage extra. Tel. South 463. Consumers'
lee Co., 420 Eighth st. S. F.
FOR sale— Homeopathic physician's outfit,
books. instruments, etc.; bargain. At 132 Mc-
Allister st.
NEW top buggy for sale: a bargain. Address
"Buggy," box 1451, Call office.
ENGINES for automobiles: carriages, separate
parts furn. Dynamic Eng. Co., 1309 Mission.
BOILERS, engines lathes, wood planers. 12-24
In. gas engine; 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
NEW (Acme) 3-plate amalgamating concen-
trator cheap. PROSPECT CAMP, Ocean
Beach.
BILLIARD tables; few remodeled, good as
new; cheap for cash or Installments. THE
BRUNSWICK-BALKE CO., 655 Market St.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-431 Sacramento st.
1 3-H. P. Golden Gate gas engine; perfect order;
complete; must sell. EPSTEIN, 648 Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suit. $9 75: pants, $2 75. ORIGINAL MIS-
FIT CLOTHING PARLOR, 513 Montgomery.
BOILERS and engines, second hand: also wine
making mach'y. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st
2D-HAND engines, boilers, machinery, dyna-
mos; bought sold. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand all
sltses* half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
SCRAP lead, old electrotype metal, etc., want-
ed. Box 1450, Call. ' _-.;,y
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars: long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; If you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 68-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission st. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay. R McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY' respectable and private place to ob-
• tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
A.*."' amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to. salaried people on note with-
out lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates :-lst and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
MONEY TO LOAN.
1
*^s_-.s-_J^aa__.-'____;
IF mo P n r eT^ _,' MURPHY SfUSSSt.
• more money see H. MUKPHi. ■>.«. »-*■ _
MUSICAL; INSTRUMENTS. ~y'
AS we are selling feood upright £»»» : tor*
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are he
same as If purchased for all cash; bargains
fn^ood sicond-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good Pianos or $3. $4 at. I
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY •» C°--
Steinway dealers corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ■ _
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CH-VSEb.
2-1 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.: pianos organs and
all "other musical instruments of all Pradea
and prices: terms easy; prices -"west, every-
thing possible do-.e to please and catisfy the
customer
AN experienced gentleman, unusually Qualified
to instruct youths or adults, will be free for
more pupils by Aug. 15. Address. box 1157. Ca11.
BARGAINS! Bargains!— Go to Wilson's Storage
Rooms. 1710 Market st. and see mother lot
good Standard uprights: very cheap for cash.
PRACTICALLY new Steinway .sacri-
ficed. Room 12. Flood bldg.. 4th & Mkt sts.
A NUMBER of good second-hand t rights for
sale cheap at MAUVAIS'. .69 Market st.
A DECKER & SON. the piano for you .buy:
beautiful new style. MAUVAIS'. 769 Market.
A BARGAIN — Stelnwax upright cheap.
SCHMITZ'. 16 "cAllister, next Hibernia Bank.
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister St.
CHEAP Stelnwav upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (al'owed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post St. . ;_■■• -:■
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
~~ OFFICES AND STORES Let.
_^___A~~SPRECKELS BLDG.. 927 Market st.
Offices $12 50 to $20.
Light, heat. Janitor and telephone included.
ASHTON & GARDINER. Room 210.
STORE 506 Howard: good location for restau-
rant; rent $16. MADISON & BURKE.
HORSESHOER— shop, good
location; rent low.' 1223 Fell st.
SPLENDID location for first-class dressmaker
or milliner; fine store, with living rooms.
702 McAllister st. near Gough.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones: classes:
office hours 1 to R n. m. : reading by mall. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PAINTER who has had years of experience In
handling men, estimating and all-round work-
man, would like to form partnership with
painter having an established business. Box
1445. Call.
__________
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Information about MISS CHRIS-
TINA GILLIGAN of Galway. who went to
Australia about 9 years ago. and afterward to
America. Any one will oblige by communi-
cating about her with H. DACES, Esq., Gal-
way, Ireland. ."-.■■'
V. EHRMAN, 22 Stockton place — All I have
said against St. Joseph's Home and Sisters
I recall every word as not true In regard to
DAVID SCHUTZI
MAMA, I want a sombrero; genuine; 40c up-
Mexican store, 114 Stockton st
LIFE insurance policies bought for cash. W.
R. NICHOLSON. Attorney and Financial
Agent. Hackmeier Hotel.
GOOD tailor-made suits at reasonable pricea
by F. SCHOETTLER. 329 Kearny st.
LEDERER'S Quintonlca Hair Tonic produces
a beautiful gloss and rleanses the scalp thor-
oughly; 35c bot G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., ' Laws a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
THERE is but one LEDERER and but ono
hairdresser. LEDERER charges 25c: special
hair roll sale this week; longest reduced to
25c; 20c rolls only 15c. 123 Stockton st.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 75; pants, $3 7..;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market st. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st, near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, Jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post st. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at j
wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st. J
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 132 Eddy st. _____
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office at Horse Hospital. 510 Golden Gate.
, _
JAMES A. SORENSEN, watchmaker and jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st. near Mission.
SIMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. Y'OSHI TANI. 313 Sutter st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin.sl4 Pine.ab.Krny.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet 7th and Sth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021-_ Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
MODERN residence wanted: convenient dla-
tance from Kearny st. F. W.. box 1452. Call.
REAL ESTATE CITY For Sale.
ONE of the finest residences in the city, the
very best location; ground will be' worth
double the price in two years: residence al-
most new and all the latest modern appli-
ances: 18 rooms, electric lighting and elec-
tric work throughout; fine modern stable for
8 horses or more: everything In first-class
order. J. H. GILMORE. 321 Montgomery st
FINE 50-vara lot. with big future of improv-
ing In value; suitable for residences or flats;
will sell reasonable for cash. J. H. GIL-
MORE, 321 Montgomery st. ' ■...' -..ft
EXCHANGE Chicago real estate for San
Francisco or vicinity real estate. Address
box 1455, Call office.
SMALL chicken ranch with chicken and
pigeon house; furniture. Incubator and brood-
er. Box 1454. Call office.
$5000— STORES & flat, with estab. meat market;
' Oakland. G. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery.
NEW HOMES '.
Five. 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
$1100— WORTH $1500; must be sold this week;
4-room cottage on Twenty-eighth st, near
Dolores; $800 mortgage to bank can stand.
McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
$1900— 2-FLAT house, near New City Hall; on
Tehama st. Apply 517 Bank st:: no agents.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY Sale
$500—160 ACRES, Lake Co., close to town; 75
acres of sandy loam soil; balance hill land,
pasture and timber; spring water: good house,
barn. etc. ; 1 acre bearing orchard; school
convenient
$1100—25 acres; half a mile from Clear Lake;
17 acres garden soli; balance hill land; 7 acres
in alfalfa. 4 acres vegetables; 140 fruit trees
just bearing; 5-room house; new barn, stock
sheds, etc; new steel windmill; 8-ton hay and
farming tools. C. F. MOORE, 935 Market st,
room £. .-.. -. ;' . -.' --< ...... .
RANCH of 2365 acres for sale; 1200 acres No. 1
wheat land; balance good grazing land:
abundance of running water; good house of 8
rooms and basement: 5 acres fenced with
rabbit proof wire netting: running water to
irrigate .5 acres; most of the ranch fenced.
Apply to S. A. PENWELL, West Berkeley.
$4000—6 ACRES sandy soil; all In assorted bear-
ing fruit; 2-story S-room house; barn; chicken
houses; 15 minutes' walk from postofflce.
GEO. C. YOUNG. Petaluma.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'B restaurant, coffee and to*
cream parlor. 1035 Market st; popular price*ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
OEARY. 1917— Four nice unfurnished rooms,
. bath, toilette, gas. yard, basement
GEARY. 1-12 1 .— Three comfortable furnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $15.
HAIGHT. 1I«— Newly furnished front and back
parlors; bath.'- gas and running water; suit-
able for housekeeping; private family; $20.
HOWARD. 761^— Nicely frnshd. sunny r*ms. ; for'
man and.ttCftv. A'_>ftf.fea_lA-3&ft-M-le.
HOWARD. HSO^t— Newly furnished sunny bay-
window suite, light housekeeping: private.
IVANHOE, 10(12 Polk. cor. Geary— Light, clean,
sunny; fur. hkpg. suites (3 to i r.). $15 up; ref.
MARKET, 2452--I_arge sunny housekeeping
: room; grate and large closet; $6.
OCTAVIA, 411. near Hayes-Single room. large
and sunny, suitable for gentleman or lady,
$ . 75 per month.
' ET. JAMES, Laguna. and McAllister— Choicest,
sunniest in city; low rates; furnished or not.
SIXTH. 21C»_— Nicely furnished housekeeping
room*. $2 30 per week up; also single; quiet.
SIXTH. 42 , '»— Connecting housekeeping rooms;
double and. .ingle, bath, etc.
SUTTER. 1111, nr. l.arkin— Comfortably Turn,
single suites: also hskpg.: terms reasonable.
TURK. 209, near Jones Front, sunny, large,
neatly furn. rm.. kitchen, hot, cold water.
VAN NESS aye., 400 Elegant sunny upper
floor; 8 rooms and bath; other rooms. ■-.*-;
CHEAPEST nnd best in America -The Weekly
Call, J* pages; sent to any address In the
I'-ilt-d St res or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
ROOMS TO LET Furn. and Dn.fn.rn.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth a 0 7orns.
25c to $1 per night: (I 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; .pen all night.
ABBOTSFORD (The., cor. Broadway and Polk
yuiet end homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
single, suite: charges moderate; cars direct.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms. 50c to .1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT New Grand. 246 3d— 200 Ist-class sunny rms..
15c to $1 day; 90c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 52 Second— Nice single, double and light
housekeeping rooms, $1 to $3 per week.
AT 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New mangt., renovat-
ed, sunny front bay-window rms.; transient.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
BUSH, 830%; near Taylor— Nicely furnished
room for gentleman in private family, $10.
CARROLTON, 120« Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner: well turn rms. .<• offices.
CLAYTON. 872. south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat; 5 rooms and hath; cheap.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 473— Bright sunny room; parlor floor;
gas, running water: $6 nth.
EDDY; -Small sun: front room nicely fur-
nished; closet, bath, folding-bed; private
family; clean and. quiet; $S.
EIGHTH. 104; near Market— Furnished sunny
front room. '
FERNWEL House. 47 Post— New managem'nt;
all rms refurnished; suites md single, baths.
FOLSOM. 77S4— Large furnished room to rent:
. very convenient.
FOURTH. 2224 (Palm House)— First-class sun-
ny bay-window rooms: also single, $1 25 up.
GEARY. 402— Newly furnished sunny rooms and
suites; $2 per week up: also housekeeping.
GEAR 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. M MS. YE K.
GEARY, 6-I— Two unfurnished rooms, with
stove, bath and closet.
GRAND! SOUTHERN; SE. cor Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. .781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6' per week.
HAVES, 114—1 or 2 unfurnished rooms to let;
sunny; cheap. . .".' •'
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton-
Sunny suites, single rms.; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. $29— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD. 1052, bet. 6th and 7th— Suite and 1
single, complete for hskg.: also sunny single.
LEWIS 16. off Taylor— 4 bay-window rooms,
$15. an! two partly furnished rooms. $S.
MARKET, 1035, and 33 Fifth— New manage-
ment; line sunny suites and single rooms.
MINN 140. nr. Third— Nicely furnish-. front
rms.; suitable for 2; also single; respectable.
MINNA. 172, nr. Third— Larse front rooms;
suitable for-i_ also single.
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 546. near Fifth— 3 choice large front
sunny bay-window rooms; also single.
NATOMA, 2R24, near Fourth— Two unfurnished
rooms;, water and yard; rent $5.
I NATOMA. 4464 — A nice sunny furnished front
room: rent reasonable.
NINTH. S6-_For rent, furnished back parlor;
suitable for 2; running water, with bath; rent
$3 per week or $10 per month.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 537— Large room; suit;: for one
or two gentler-.
'FARRELL. 776— Large back parlor; suitable
for 2 gentlemen; grate, gas and bath.
POST, 622— Elegantly furnished aunny suite;
also, single rooms. MISS A. CALHOUN.
OST. 327. nr. Mason— Front neatly furnished
room; suitable for 2 gents; also one single.
OWELL. 60SA— Finely furnished rooms, suite
or single; bath; private family; gentlemen
only^ -y -
OWELL. 612 A —Large sunny front rooms;
new flat; newly furnished.
ROTAL House. 126 Elils St.— lncandescent
light, reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; room?, per night, 35c to $1 DO;
week. $2 to 18; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office ficor; rooms with hot, cold wat.; baths. •
SHERMAN Apartment House. 18 Eighth St.. -
neat Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 33. nr. Market. Hillsdale House— Ele- :
gant furnished rooms: elevator; transient.
SIXTEENTH. 2302. near corner Howard— Sin-
gle furnished bedroom; rent $3 50 a month.
SOUTH PARK, 11.;:. off Third Nice front
single room; private family; gas, bath.
SOUTH PARK. 131, nr. 3d— Neatly, furn. small
- rm.. sunny, overlooking pretty gardens; $5 mo.
SUITE of very beautifully furnished rooms,
use of piano. Box- 995, Call office; visitors
solicited: 'ate.
TAYLOR, 117 — Changed hands; furnished
rooms, single and en suite.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Oliver, 965 Folsom, cor. tith— Sunny corner
rms.. suites and single; gas; bath; new mangt.
THIRD, Sunny white rooms; white gas
lights; extra good beds; .1 50 to $3 a week.
THIRD, 1064. near Mission— Seattle— Nice
sunny rooms. $1 25 to $3.
TURK, 209, near Jones— Several choice rooms,
with hot. cold water: under new management.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— sunny
bay-window rooms; complete.
VALLEJO. 132»— Strictly private; 2 nicely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen; marine view; use
of bath; no children.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
•aire paid.
ROOMS WAXTED.
TWO to 'our unfurnished rooms for light
housekeeping, between Van Ness. Geary.
Taylor and Market sts. Address box 1074,
Call office.
WANTED— Sunny room, use of bath, for gen-
tleman; rates reasonable. Box 1"7-1, Call. .
SEWING MACHINES AND SI. PPL
$1 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates "o", Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER ERE!!. !.*.'•;■. pile salve, $1
per box; warranted to cure all cases of bleed-
ing, itching, external. Internal or protruding
.piles without fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Deviaadero at., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st , rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
a WEEK'S news for ' cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
::• 1 . . : __ ■ . _• r SPIRITUALISM. " : l'-'-Vv^S
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases. .. 222
Stockton St.; sittings, $1 ; diagnosis free.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post, cor. Powell; tel; Main 5713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE-
IMPORTANT NOTICE "TO HOMESSEKERS!
These Jive houses en our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
, No. 2— 1 1650 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
-•No. 3— 52.50 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54600 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
! avenues of the city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUSE & REMMEL,
£20 Market at.. S. F. BflT-st. Station. Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath: lot oOx
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chaptn.
LOT 64x115; lot adjoining 35x105; 1-23 Pacific
aye. : cheap
ALAMEDA KOl-MS. AM. ItnAUU.
2 SUNNY front rms. and board; private family;
ref. 2059 San Antonio are., Chestnut Station. !
HOME lor ladles In delicate health; large ]
grounds: private. MRP DR. FUMKK. 1416 Sth. !
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
I. BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
; ALMOST new; 2-story house; 7 large rooms;
bath, pantry, folding doors, bay-windows, cc- i
ment foundation, barn, chicken houses; all j
fenced and cross fenced; city water; close to
I railway station, stores, schools and churches; j
■ lot 45x120; price $1700; only $100 cash, balance
I $1S monthly; take Berkeley train, get off at |
Lorin Station. Ask for RUDOLPH & PER-
KINS; office open Sunday and evenings.
| NEW cottage. 4 rooms and bath; hot and cold j
j water; stationary tubs: close to school, |
church, stores, railway station and two elec-:
' trie car lines: price $:'-■"■'"'; only $100 '-ash. bal-
I ance $12 50 monthly; take Berkeley train, get
off at I. rin Station Ask for RUDOLPH &
PERKINS; office open Sunday and evenings.
HILLEGASS TRACT-
WITHIN " MINUTES FROM UNIVERSITY.
.' MINUTES FROM STATION.
LOTS 160 FEET IN DEPTH.
The cheapest, choicest property in Alameda
County.
Apply to JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
YOU SHOULD SEE THIS.
A fine 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot 186x125;
fruit trees etc.; 1 block from electric car line;
: 5 minutes from railroad station; Just the place |
! to raise chickens. Apply to JOS. J. MASON.
Rea] I state, Berkeley Station. j
| FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
I LARGE, level lots, $400; only $25 down; street
work done: sewers, water, gas; fine school
close by; near railroad station and Oakland
electric line; half-hourly trains to city; 5c I
fare; glorious climate; build a home to .suit '
yourself; easy payments: no city taxes. SYN-
DICATE INVESTMENT CO- Frnlteale sta.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
I. . HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE.
! HAYWARDS IK' IPERTT
i 7 acres, some fruit: new modern house. 5
| rooms, bath; barn, chicken house, well, wl'nd-
| mill and tank: improvements worth asking
; price: only $1800.
12 acres. 4 acres in fine fruit; house, barn,
| brooder house; price $2800. -. :
I . 14 acres, all In fine fruit; best of land; corner
!of two roads; fine improvements; beautiful I
! home; price $10,000.
! 663 acres; stock ranch; 400 acres can be culti- i
vated: fine improvements: well fenced: plenty
water; near town; only $42 .>"• per acre; little I
homes of every description, with prices con- ;
sistent with the time. Call or write for full ■
i particulars to P. WILBERT. Haywards. 'a!
I OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
i OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
! OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
i $1600 — FOR sale. Oakland; 7-room house; -Thlr- i
tv-fourth st and Telegraph aye.; lot 40x120;
! cost $2600. J. S. MYERS, 1902 Broadway,
I Oakland.
I $5500—8 ROOMS, bath: corner lot: 4 blocks from
business center; a promising 'business corner;
• appraised at $S0OO; must be sold this month;
i first ci me first served. J. S. MYERS. 1002
! Broadway, Oakland.
I J25OO— S ROOMS an<3 bath; barn; lot s_rl_!s; best
I residence location near local trains, business
! center, tars, schools, etc.; pro;. valued at
$3000. I. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway^ Oakland.
! $12f»0— 4 room and bath cottage; new; ... down.
$15 per month: hear business center. J. S.
j MYERS, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
j $10,0 r ..— OLD established business. Apply to E.
E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway. Oakland.
• OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEM NOTICES.
! DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No. 70 (23 cents
per share) of th.- Hutchinson Sugar Planta-
tion Company will l- payable at the office of
; the company. 327 Market st., on and after
Monday. August 21. 1593.
Transfer books will cl9.se on Tuesday, Au-
gust 15, 1899, at -. o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary*.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE to Creditors— Eatate of PATRICK
KERVIN .deceased). Notice is hereby given
j by the undersigned, Union Trust Company of
I San Francisco (a corporation), executor of i
I the estate of PATRICK KERVIN (deceased),
to the creditors of and all persona having
1 claims against the said deceased, to exhibit j
them with the necessary vouchers, within ten i
(10) months after the first publication of this
notice, to the said Union Trust Company.
1 executor, at its office, 2 Montgomery at . the ,
1 same being Its place for the transaction of
the business of the said estate In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Call- •
UNION TRUST COMPANY OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO, executor of the estate of PATRICK
KERWIN (deceased).
Dated at San Francisco. August. 1899.
~ZH, „„-.. PROPOSALS.
UNITED States Engineer Office, Flood -build-
ing, San Francisco, Cal.. August 8, 1899—
Seale-1 proposals for dredging in Stockton and
Mormon channels, Cal., will be received here
until 12 o'clock noon September 12, 1839 V In-
formation furnished on application. W. H.
HECER. Major Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
i Marriage licenses have been issued as follows;
Patrick Quirk and Mary Clynea 32-26
Wendelln Thenlsch and Em ll re Iluber .29-29
i August Polckow and Helen" Holze.. 43-28
John J. O'Hare and Annie M. Kelller 44-35
John J. Elliott and Sarah J. Vlgoreaux.... 4s-42
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the nublication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
j sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
i CAMPBELL— this city. August 11, 1899, to
the wife of Andrew Campbell, a son.
HARRIS— In this city, August 5, 1899, to the
wife of M. H. Harris, a son.
THEISEN— In this city, August 8. lsS9.. to the
wife of S. Joseph Theisen. a daughter.
f~ MARRIED.
O'HARE— In this city, Aupgust 11,
1599 by F. H. Kerrigan, Justice of the peace, J
John .1 i 'Hare and Annie M. Kelller, both of
Angels camp. Cal.
SWEENEY— BROMSTADT— In this . city, Au-
gust 8, 1889, Augustus F. Sweeney and Esther
Bromstadt.
WHEELER LEHMANN— In New York City,
August 3. 1899, J. A. Wheeler of Waynes-
borough, Pa., and Sophie Lehmann of San
Francisco.
DIED. T
Brannan, Kitty .Joseph. Harris
Brooking, Ethel E. Louis. Analla
Carroll. Dennis Lucchetti, Francesca
Colleton, Alice McCune, John B.
Craig. Ella A. * Mclntyre, Michael
Davidsen, Mary A. McLay, Dr. Geo. B.
Craig John Jr. Owens, Anna T.
Detela Margaret M. Schurr, Emily
Hanna, Annie C. Westln,. Charles
Hlegel, Frank A.
BRANNAN— In this city, August 10, 15.., Kitty, ,
dearly beloved and youngest daughter of ,
Alice and the' late Thomas Brannan, sister of
Addle Sarawillle and Maude Brannan, and
niece of John Feour. a native of San Fran-
cisco aged 14 years 7 months and 23 days. '
(TT'The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at '■' o'clock, from the residence
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM BBS,
20 Fifth at., oppoelte Lincoln 3clvooU
Telephone South VA
, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. AUGUST 12. 1899.
of her mother, 135 Jersey street, thence to St. I
Paul's Church, Twenty-ninth and Church |
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the rer-ose of her. soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment private,
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BROOKING -In this city, August 10, 1599,
Ethel .E., dearly beloved and only child of
George and Ida Brooking, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years 9 months and 12
' days. ' - *.*'-• . _
C_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 505 Dolores street, corner of
Eighteenth. Interment I. .O. O. F. Ceme-
tery. • -"--' f. . '».; -.'
CARRODD—In this city,- August- 11, 1899, Den-
nis, husband of Margaret Carroll, and father
of Jeremiah, Margaret, John, William and
Dennis Carroll, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 50 years.
[I "The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dence. 146 Duncan street, . corner of Dolores.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
COLLETON— In this city. August 10, 1899. Alice,
beloved wife of the late James Colleton,
mother of James A. Colleton, and sister of
Mrs. Kate Marshall, a native of County Kil-
kenny, Ireland, aged 59 years. (Poughkeepsle,
N. V., papers please copy.)
_ ?'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday., at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 524 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose s
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose ot her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
.... —In Oakland. August 10, 1899, Ella A.,
beloved wife of A. W. Craig, a native of Ver-
mont, aged 47 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow. (Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her
late residence. 177 Eighth street. Interment
private in Mountain View Cemetery, Oak-
land. . .'' .
CRAIG— In this city, August 10, 1899, John Jr..
husband of Ella Craig, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 29 years 5 months and 3 days.
Hr_s"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to- attend the funeral to-morrow
i Sunday,, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3571 Seventeenth street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
DAVIDSEN— In this city, August 10, 1899, Mary
A., beloved wife of Peter E>avldsen, and
mother of Mrs. F. Bartch and Mrs. E. P.
Freathy, .*■ native of Norway, aged 66 years.
DETELS In this city, August 10, 1599. Mar-
garet M A., wife of William Detels, beloved
daughter of John and Margaret O'Kane, and
slater of James and the late J. W. P. O'Kane.
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 11
months and 9 days.
E_7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at 8:30
o'clock, from the residence of her uncle, the
late Michael Meagher. 361 Oak street, thence
to St. Mary* 8 Cathedral, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HANNA In this city August 10, 1899, Annie
C. beloved wife of Hugh Hanna, and beloved
mother of Charles W. and Katie M. Hanna. a
native of Clinton, Oneida County, New York,
aged 61 years. '
"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
i Saturday), at .1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence", 25 California avenue, thence by
elect!*!, car at 2 o'clock from Thirtieth street
and San Jose avenue. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.'
HI EG EL— ln San Miguel. August 10, 1899.
Frank A., beloved son of the late Nicholas
and Katherine Hlegel. and brother of Albert
N . Mary F. and. Annie K. Hlegel. Mrs.
George E. Williams of Santa Monica and Mrs.
P. J Hehnesey of San Miguel, a native of
San Francisco, aged 38 years 5 months and 3
days. A member of Draymen and Teamsters
Union and Court Twin Peaks No. 7556. A. O.
F. (Camden, N. J., papers please copy.M
[__" Friends and acquaintances • are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 209 norland street, between Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth. Church and Sanchez,
thence to St. Boniface's German church,
Golden Gate avenue, where services will be
held at 1:30 o'clock. A solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for -the repose of his soul
on Monday, at 8 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JOSEPH In this city. August 11. IS?.. Harris
Joseph, beloved husband of Pauline Joseph,
and father of Mrs. Alex. Coblentz of Seattle
and Joseph L. and Benjamin Joseph, a na-
tive of Germany.
_7F-i-nls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 6:45 o'clock, at his
late residence. 1832 Bush street. • Interment at
Sonoma, Cal. Please omit flowers.
__OUIS In this city. August 11, 189», Analia.
dearly beloved wife of the late Charles
Louis, mother of Julius, Herman and Charles
Louis and Mrs. James Barxonea. and sister
of Caa Petersen of New York, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 65 years and 10
months. ':':.,'■.'■ . -
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral -takes place
to-morrow (Sunday), at — o'clock, from her
late residence. IIS Pfeiffer street, between
Dupont and Stockton streets. Interment 1. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
LUCCHETTI— In this . city. August 8, 1899,
Francesca Lucchetti, beloved wife of Fran-
cesco Lucchetti, beloved mother of Dr. Victor
Lucchetti and Albert and Emilia Lucchetti
and the all. children, Mary and John, .
and beloved Bister of Mrs. V. Bouquet, a na-
tive of California, aged 41 years and 10
months.
lC_?-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 1251 Clay street, between Taylor and
Jones. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
M-'I'NE In this city, August 11. 1599. John
Bertram, beloved son of John and Ada Mc-
Cune, a native of San Francisco, aged 5,
months and 22 days.
McINTYRE— In this city. August 11, 1899,
Michael beloved husband of Hannah Mcln-
tvrp, and father of John C, Nellie and Henry
H. Mclntyre, a native of County .Armagh,
Ireland, aged 66 years 6 months-and 29 days.
(try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 1:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 237 Laussat avenue, off Fillmore street,
between Halght and Waller, th«nce to
Sacred Heart Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McLAY— In this city, August 10, 1899. Dr.
George B. McLay, a native of Scotland, aged
59 years 2 months and 9 days. -o
UyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the. Mission Ma-
sonic Temple, 2668 Mission street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-third., under the
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A.
M. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery..
OWENS— In this city, August 11, 1899, Anna
T . beloved daughter of Mrs. B. and the late
p. Owens, a native of San Francisco, aged 17
years I month and 13 days.
B Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Golden Hat- Park, thence to St. Ag-
io-. Church, Masonic avenue, near Page
street, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
SCHURR— In this city, August 11, 1899, Emily
Schurr, beloved mother of Will B. Faulkner
and Mis F. R. Koenlng, and sister of George
Stevens of New Haven, Conn., and the late
Mrs. G. L. Bennett, a native of New Haven,
Conn., aged 62 years and 24 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from Iter late resi-
dence. 1425 Mission street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Aurora Lodge
No 202, K. and L. of H., are requested to at-
tend the funeral of our late sister, Emily
Schurr, to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock,
from her late residence.* 1425 Mission street.
W. C. HEARN, President.
L. B. HOLCOMB. Secretary.
WESTIN— In this city, August 10, 1899, Charles,
beloved brother of Wllhelm Westln, a native
of Sweden, aged 37 years.
DTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
FLORAL SOCIETY MEETS.
Able Speakers Discuss Trees and
Flowers at the Monthly
Gathering.
The State Floral- Society held its reg
ular monthly meeting in the parlors of
the Occidental Hotel yesterday after
noon. Mr* Hodgtons, vice president of
the association, occupied the chair, and
the gathering was a large aud interest
ing one. .
Professor Newman told of the possi
bilities of the cascara sagrada, commonly
known as the wild coffee, as a substitute
for the mulberry for the California silk
worm. *--. '' , •
Mrs Hodgkins spoke on lily culture,
Mr. Porter on the culture of the dahlia,
and Secretary Smith called attention to
the dainty foliage and delicate flowers of
the 'Texas willow. The event of the after
noon was Miss • Eastman's talk on the
trees of the Kings River country. The
speaker illustrated her able address by
means of pressed specimens and photo
graphs At the conclusion of her lec
ture the lady was. given a vote of
thanks. '
■_______■
Charged With Burglary.
John Carr. a bad young man. was ar
rested in. Oakland yesterday by Detective
Ryan and Special Officer Rellly of the
telephone company and brought to the
City Prison, where a charge of petty lar
ceny and a charge Of burglary were en
tered against him. August 6, 1S»8, he
broke open a telephone box in an office
at Main and Mission streets and emptied
It. October 24 he entered a store at 120
Townsend street and stole a clock and
some- jewelry, which Detective Ryan re
covered.
$100.00 if you can guess the time of the arrival of the transport
Sherman with the California Volunteers. See next Sunday's Call. • "
NEWS OF THE REALITY WORLD
A slight revival of activity in real es- t
tate circles during the past week is taken |
to indicate that the usual lethargy that i
settles upon the community during the j
vacation period is beginning to be shaken |
off and that brokers are resuming their |
normal wideawake attitudes. A number j
of sales were made during the week which j
while taken individually do not amount to
much, collectively indicate a decided- im
provement in the tone of the market.
The most important transaction of the j
week was probably the bid of $67,500 re- i
ceived by Yon Rhein & Co. from D. L. j
Randolph for the property at the corner j
of Post and Stockton streets, belonging ;
to the estate of the late Dr. James Simp- |
son. The bid was made at an auction |
sale on Thursday, but the sale will not j
be consummated until it has been con
firmed by the court. The property has a
frontage of eighty feet on Post street, '
with a depth of 46:8 on Stockton, and in
cludes a three-story and' two-story build
ings.
A number of sales were reported on the
south side of Market street, east of Third,
the district in which quite a flurry was j
experienced last spring. Henry E. Bothin,
president of the Judson Manufacturing
Company, has purchased from William
Finley the property on the northeast line
of Spear street, 183:4 northwest of How
ard, lot 45:10x137:6. The terms are private, i
but in conjunction with recent purchases .
of Mr. Bothinin the same district will
aggregate fully $50,000. Another good j
sized sale of property in this district was
made by Thomas Magee & Co., $13,375
bring the price paid for lot and old im- '
provements on the southeast line of Sec
ond street, 40 feet southeast of Mission,
lot 30x77:6. -. * . _.-.
Christian Froelich has purchased,
through Hooker & Lent, the lot on the
southwest corner of First and Natoma
streets, 40x106, for $19,500. The old build
ings on the lot are to be torn down and a
modern structure is to be erected on the
site. • •'.
G. H. I'mbsen & Co. have sold a lot
and improvements, 53:4x160, on Howard
street at a price in the neighborhood of ;
$21,000. -ne same firm has also bought for
Lieutenant Governor Jacob H. Neff the
residence and' lot owned by Antonio B.
Gonzales, lot 27:6x120, on O'Farrell street,
east of Goff. Mr. Neff, it is stated, will :
move to San Francisco and occupy his
new residence. The price paid for the
property is said to be $12,000.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have sold the
lot on the southwest corner of Devlsadero
street and Broadway to M. J. Branden
stein. The property was recently pur
chased from Dr. McLean by Mrs. Coffin i
and is 65x137:6. The terms are private.
O. D. Baldwin has sold the lot on the i
south side of Market street, 144 feet east .
of Seventeenth. :-7x11 3, with two old build
ings, for $6500; also unimproved lot on the
southwest corner of Buchanan and Green
wich streets, 152x120, for $8000, and lot on i
the northeast corner of Geary and Lyon
streets, 55x62, with improvements, terms
private.
Thomas Magee & Sons report the fol- [
lowing recent sales: Lot on southwest '
corner of Clay and Baker streets, 27:Sx I
102:6, with dwelling, $0550; house and lot
on south line of Washington street, 106:6 !
feet west of Broderick, 25x127:8, $7100; lot
on northwest corner of Gough and Geary
streets, 27:6x110, with house, $9750; lot on
north line of Union street, 120 feet west
of Devlsadero, west 40x127:6 (fine view of ,
bay), $3200; house and lot on the south j
side of Sacramento street, 137:6 feet west
of Octavia west 55x132:6; terms private. j
$12,000 asked; lot on southwest line of Sec- !
ond street, 40 feet southeast of Mission. 30 ,
x 77:6, with old buildings, $13,375.
The following bids were received at the
auction sale held by O. F. yon Rhein At
Co. on Thursday: Northeast corner Post |
and Stockton streets, SO feet on Post by
46:8 on Stockton, $67,500, D. L. Randolph
being the bidder; 22 Fell street, lot 27x120. !
$7250; Sl2-814 Montgomery street, lot 50:9 x ■
137:6. $17,600; 1330 Pine street, lot 50x137:0,
$9230 r 1009 Pacific street, lot 22x68:9, $3300;
964-966 Harrison street, lot 27:6x85, $3375;
1309 Harrison street, lot 30x70, $1500; 92:) |
Howard .street, lot 22:6x50, $3450; 3105
Twenty-sixth street, lot 24:6-4x90, $1900.
O. J. Meads has purchased from Samuel r
BISHOP GAINES TALKS
OF TRUE EDUCATION
BETHEL A. M. E. CHURCH
CROWDED.
The Prelate Utters Gems of Wisdom
Amid Rapt Attention — Morn
ing Session.
Bishop Wesley John Games delivered
his annual lecture last, night at the Bethel
African Methodist -Episcopal Church, cor
ner of Powell and Jackson streets, before
the thirty-second annual conference of
the Afro-American Methodist Episcopal
Church. The Bishop's lecture was an un
usual treat and the church was crowded
with interested listeners. He spoke on
the subject of Christian education, and
during the course of his lecture Bishop
Games uttered many gems of wisdom and
thought. 7;-*-"-
In part he said: "The education of our
young men should be one of the first
duties of the true Christian. They should
be taught to love and honor their God,
for all education that leaves God and the
Bible out of Its curriculum is wrong.
Christian education is a powerful agency
of good. It is a priceless gem which
lights our path through life. A young
man is like a growing plant. If a plant
is not nourished it dies. So with a young
man. If he is not properly educated all
the good in him is liable to wither. In
order that he be made a strong, fearless,
God-loving man he should be given spir
itual nourishment. Let our young be
given the food of truth. A godless edu
cation takes from our sons a cherished
hope and leaves them nothing. They
have nothing for them to lean on when
they appear before the Almighty on judg
ment day. When you crowd out the
Holy Spirit you ruin your church and
you ruin your young man."
The morning session of the conference
was devoted to the transaction of routine
business. It was called to order by Bishop
Games. Rev. J. F. Anderson of Colusa
led the devotional exercises. The after
noon session was devoted to the Mission
ary Society. Addresses were made by
Rev. D. R. Jones, Rev. J. Edwards and
Rev. K. N. Hardiman.
DEATH OF DR. PARKER.
Demise of a Gallant Confederate Offi
cer at His Home in Rich
mond, Va.
Stafford H. Parker, deputy In the office
of the United States Shipping Commis
sioner in this city, received news yester
day of the death of his uncle. Captain XV.
XV. Parker. Captain Parker was a re
spected physician of Richmond. Va., in
which city he died after a lingering sick
ness. Captain Parker's battery in the !
Confederate army became historic by
reason of its brilliant work during the ;
greater part of the Civil War. The first
and the last shots fired at Gettysburg
were from Parker's battery. . The de
ceased was a brother of Mrs. George F. !
Maynard of this city and of jEdwin L. j
Parker. _ (
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Henry G. Meyer and Ferdinand Cor
nehl retail grocers, doing business at the
corner of Turk and Taylor streets, liabili
ties, $1838 50; assets, none. George May
erle, optician, San Francisco, $16,378, most
of which is due to Oregon creditors; no
assets. Solomon Lebenbaum, buyer for a
San Francisco grocery firm, $12,147; no as
sets. '* ;"-.--"•' : *'_\ '.y_:i .o\*- v ;' ■
Builders' Contracts.
Leon Kauffman (owner) with Thomas Butler !
(contractor), architect Albert Pissis- Grading, (
granite artificial stone, brick, concrete, Ilium- ;
inating tile, cast iron, steel and -rvrought iron |
work. fire escapes, stand . pipes and elevator j
grilles for a 6-story building on lot on 6 line '
of O'Farrell street, 137:6 E of MaSon, E 67:6 by i
S 97:6; $19,000. . 7-'-_V_. -.._ -.
Phllipp Grethel (owner) . with Thomas R.
Bassett (contractor), architect none— work i
for a 2-story frame building! store and flat) on j
lot on SW corner of Fillmore and Waller j
streets; S 24 by W 81:3;- $3080. or ; -,-.-
Berwin and others the property on the
east line of Howard street. 221 feet south
of Seventeenth; lot 24x122:6. _
Joseph Paillassou has bought from Wil
liam B. Hepworth the property on the
south line of Pine street, 106:3 feet west
of Fillmore; lot 25x127:6 feet, with house,
for $3100. ■■-■'■• •'--'-'
Hannah Foley has bought the property ,
on the southeast line of Market street, |
263 feet southwest of Sanchez; lot 27:8 x ;
110 feet, on private terms.
William Helblng and wife have sold to
Ephraim E. Kimball the property on t__e
east line of Parker avenue, 550 feet north ;
of Point Lobos avenue; lot 25x120 feet, for ,
$2500. - - - '•*-■ o ■" -■
John Dougherty has sold to Charles A.
Warren the property on the west line of !
Van Ness avenue, 54 feet south of vallejo
street: lot 27:6x120 feet, on private terms.
.Baldwin & Howell have teen commis
sioned by Albert Meyer to sell block 655,
bounded by H and 1 streets ana Eight
eenth and Nineteenth avenues, 240x600 feet
in size, which has been prepared for the
market in suitable subdivisions, ready
for building! The block has been put on a j
grade with the streets and the streets \
themselves are all on the official grade
and macadamized, with sidewalks laid
around the entire block. The block Is
right opposite Strawberry Hill and Is at
the Nineteenth avenue entrance to O olden
Gate Park. Nineteenth avenue 1? now a ]
boulevard and the work of opening and }
grading the avenue from H street to the
Ocean House road was begun this week, j
The Spring Valley Water Company will
lay their mains up to the property in a
short time. . . ,*
The Prescott House property, to be sold
by Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. at public
auction on Tuesday, August 22. without
limit or reserve, Is receiving great atten
tion from investors on account of the
large income yielded by this valuable
property, fronting on Kearny and Pacific
streets and Montgomery avenue. For the
year 1898 the gross receipts for rents were !
111,855; the amount paid for taxes was
$915 34; the insurance amounted to $4(2 55, ;
and the repairs to $257 70, leaving a net -
income of $10,209 11.
Twenty-two building contracts were re
corded during the week, representing an
aggregate outlay of $187,557. The largest
contracts were those of Edward Mc-
Laughlin with E. T. Leiter John McCar
thy and the Vulcan Iron Works to erect
a six-story, brick and iron building on
Mission street, between New Montgomery
and Third, for $51,865. It is estimated that
the total cost of this building will be I
$75,000. The next largest contract was that
of John D. Spreckeis with Neish Brothers j
for stone and brick work for his residence
on the northwest corner of Pacific avenue '
and Laguna street for $24,150.
The. next largest contract was that !
of Christian Froelich with James J. Wil
son to build a four-story brick structure, i
with basement, on the west corner of
Second and Minna streets, for 118,592. Rob
ert Hampton contracted with Henry Jacks
to erect a five-story building on the north- .
west corner of O'Farrell and Mason !
streets, to cost $13,920. Louis Sloss Jr. i
contracted with Cotton Bros, for work in |
building a warehouse on the south cor
ner of Mission and Fremont streets, for j
$13,895. The Colusa Stone Company con- i
tracted to furnish stone and brickwork I
for $13,801 28 for the new music stand in i
Golden Gate Park donated by Claus
Spreckeis. W. J. Bryan contracted with
V. L. and O. V. Fortin for the erection I
of a three-story building, with basement,
On the southeast line- of Mission street, I
387:6 feet northeast of Fifth, for $10,170. j
Local savings banks, building associa- j
tions and private capitalists loaned a to
tal of $163,265 upon city real estate during !
the week ending August 5. against $255,7*1
for the previous week. The loans of the ;
savings banks aggregated $101,415. and ,
were as follows: Hibernia. $64,765; (_er- i
man, $13,800; San Francisco Savings Union, j
$13,000; Savings and Loan. $350; Humboldt.
$3000; Security. $500; Mutual. $2500, and :
Union Trust Company, $1500. The building '
associations loaned a total of $4100, and I
private capitalists and others loaned $57.- j
750. All the loans of the Hibernia and Mu
tual savings banks are now at 6 per cent.
The Hibernia Bank last week made a re
lease of $140,000 to Alvinza Hayward and
wife. The city savings banks of Santa
Cruz loaned the F. A. Hihn Company $21.
--000 for sixty days at 4 per cent on property
on the northeast corner of Kearnv and
Bush streets. Releases for the week were
$275,580, against $166,490 for the previous
week.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
o_->: PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs F C Halbe, I Miss A Gennerlch,
Miss Halbe. J m Gennerlch,
R Welnacht, Mrs J M Gennerich,
Mrs Welnacht," C F Zobel,
Miss H Welnacht Mrs C F Zobel,
Miss M Welnacht, j A Zobel,
J Rat-key, ■ J Spanhake,
Mrs Raekey, Mrs J Spanhake,
J Vetter. - Miss A Spanhake,
Mrs Vetter, Miss M Spanhake,
Mrs C Roekar, C Grassman,
Mrs H Hebener, Mrs C Grassman,
I W J Amend, II 1-" Gundrum,
Mrs W J Amend, Mrs H F Gundrum,
Mrs E B Amend, Miss B Gundrum,
Miss Fleck, Miss Mittenzweig,
M Fleck, , : J Kuder,
Mrs Fleck", , Mrs J Kuder,
W C Muschenheim, F \V Kroehle,
Mrs W C Muschen- Mrs H Bartsch,
helm, _v- ; .... Mrs H H.illlnger,
J P Windolph, Mrs C F Papp,
Mrs J P Windolph, A Stolzenberger,
J Reisenweber, ] Mrs A stolzenberger,
Mrs J Reisenweber, Mrs Granltza,
Miss Reisenweber, Mr Oranltza.
G Scholer. C D Dagenhard,
Mrs Scholer, B Ernst, .: ,
C Scheick, Dr A Voikenberg,
Mrs C Scheick, Dr L Haupt
H Stemme, C J Koch,
Mrs M Stemme, W Knopke,
Miss E Stemme, jG Jost.
M Schwartz, . II Steubiriff,
Mrs II Schwartz, H Dlffany,
II • Kroeger, O Lowln,
Mrs II- Kroeger, B Hafnagel,
Dr F Krug, ! A Zeh,
C L Lucius, F H Graf,
Mrs A O Krauss, : H T Eschwege,
L W Krauss, • II Schiffer.
W Bartels, •*" Grossmann,
Mrs AY Hartels, W A Frame,
Miss A Bartels, J German,
A Bartels, : R Mueller,
J Lore ' W Wirth,
II II yon Mellenthln, C Gerard,
Miss L Georgl, (< Bchock,
Miss A Fulthwohl, . B Schmidt,
A Fulthwohl, jA' Kolb.
A Niewoener, " ' R F Dehenhoff,
Mrs A Niewoener, i F Kelfer,
EC Rudolph. J M Splltdorf,
Mrs E Rudolph, . A Mltzell.
J Bohne, W Prestlng,
Mrs J Bohne,, T Kremer,
J Thumann, T Hemroth,
Mrs J Thumann, L Berslek.
Miss A Hochalter, I A P Windolph,
Miss M Hochalter, i L II Kroder,
Dr Stubenbord, , E A Maass,
Mrs Stubenbord, Arion Society Ex-
F S Halbe, curslon.
F H Thatcher, Newark 1 A Dubbus. Germany
A Canduson, Chgo I M Hennessey, Wash
R H Cromwell, Ohio B G Kraus, N V
M B Mlltonberger, St R Robb, Boston
Louis Mrs R Robb, Boston
E H .Drew, Boston -F II Jackson. Los Ang
L M Tucker, Miss F J Field, Monterey
F B Pierce, Wis B < 'rowel!. Cleveland
Mrs G A Long, Balto G Herdt, N V
F W Billings, Cal F Beringer, St Helena
O G Sage, Sacto G F Nerdlinger, N V
G L Proctor, Rio Vista 1 N P Scanlon, Dlxon
T M Proctor, Cal i G H Ingoldsby, Chgo
R A Vorden. London M C Fredericks. Mcx
J G White, Ohio Mrs M C Frederick,
E D Marshall, Phil Mexico
L A Crane, S Cruz A Flor. Mexico
Mrs L A Crane, Cal j Mrs A Flor, Mexico
Miss A C Keyes. Cal J Wood, Pa
Miss A Brady, Cal 1 '-■
GRAND HOTEL.
R Dollar, S Rafael Mrs I S Goodman, Mo
D McKay, Sacto L R Poundstone, Can-
OH P Sheets, Cal ! yon ■■..;.•-:
S A Butler. Los Ang H I Seymour, Sacto
A Lindley, Los Ang I A Stern, Logan
J H Lee, Salt Lake ! E N Johnson & w,
W Maguire, Cal { Holton
J Dobbs, Soquel i J W Hall, w & eh,
J Mathena, Sacto j Sacto
C F Prentiss. Sacto -. P Whitney, Rncklin
F L Baker, Cal IB R A\"oodworth, Cal
A XV Berry. chgo F C de l'Estoille, Rui-
F P Bell. Cal ston
11 Hus, Berkeley F E Harris. Ashland
A H Wright. Cal Mrs A Shaver, Cal
R B Terry, Cal ! A Tognazzinl, Casma-
W Maguire, Cal Ha
M T Hurley, Mass J E Frazler & w. Cal
X M E Hurley. Mass IE L Van Cleeck, Cal
H Hunt, Redding ST Butler, Los Ang
J M Hansborougb L Cevensor, S Jose
J F Cooper. 8 Cruz . J W Atherton. Cal
G H Stanchfleld, Cal W M Simms, Sacto
O C Mueller, L Ang M Yager, Red Bluff
Eav Mueller, i. Ang I Holcomb, Cal
A E He-wig, Dayton S S Hall, Sacto
C A Helwig, Dayton V 'Ward, Cal
L D Jacks, S Rosa C L Ennls, Los Ang
J i. Bell. Everett L Oerlac & w, Cal
S J Hutchinson, Cal 8 J Leacock, Cal
W W Whitnev. Sacto ' L T Dnrden, Cal
G S Nash, Hollister N C Howell. Ohio
W E Long & w. lowa A Patch, Ohio '
Miss Julia E Hill. Mo | '
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. "*
S Butler, Sta* Rosa IHA Steckel, Denver
J Butcher. Chicago C F Miller, Denver •
J A Jameson, Uklah ! F J Blair, Virginia
G Corthaf. St Helena A R Moulton, Chicago
J Hunt. Marysvllle J L Coleman, Watsnv
S Brown, Stockton N Bergholt, Boston
T Francis. Los Ang Mrs M C Cannon, N T
A H Powers, Fresno -Mrs M Burns, NY.
W H Valmere, Boston Miss J Burns, NY
J X McDonald, Reddlg J X Allen, Carson City
Mrs Shock, San. Jose i
CIiEVEB. CONFIDENCE WOMAN. j
Jennie Howard, Alias Puroell, Ar
rested on a Charge of Petty.
Larceny. . - %'.
, Mrs. Jennie Howard, alias Purcell, has
been sought after by the police for the
past three months, as she was wanted for
swindling women out of small sums of
: money by means of bogus money orders.
I She was seen on Devlsadero street yester-
I day afternoon by Mrs. Katie Bulck, one
: of her. victims, and was handed over to
the custody of a policeman, who took her j
Ito the City Prison, where a charge of
j petty larceny was booked against her.
Jennie came from Australia some j
] months ago with her husband and he went i
; to Alaska, leaving her to make a living !
' the best way she could. She had a little |
' dog named "Patsey," and together they !
, wandered around to different rooming !
; houses seeking to engage a room, j
. and getting a loan of a small sum of
[ money upon an application for a money I
i order, which she said had been sent her ■
I from Alaska by her husband. Among her i
i victims was Mrs. Annie Leroy. 501 Ver- ;
j mont street; Mrs. Matilda Moffatt,' 1512
j York street, and Mrs. John Mocker. 1130
! Church street, besides a number of others, i
Jennie's plea was that she was a stew
! ardess on one of the Australian steamers
and was willing to. pay. liberally for a
j room for a month or two, as she intended
i taking a rest. . .
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
1083 ounces; value per 'ounce, ' $3 39. Tailings
plant No. 1 treated 83 tons for the week. Plant
No. 2 treated 107 tons.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY, August 11—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14% 15
j4s quar c0up..112 — OG L &T1... 4SV« 45%
!4s quar reg — — — '■ Pac Gas Imp.. 70 71
i4s quar new...129% — |Pac LCo — 43
i3s quar coup. .108 — !SF G & E.... 70% —
Miscellaneous— ISan Fran 3.3%
Cal-st Cab 55..115 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
i C C Wat 55...H-9UIIO ! Insurance-
Ed L & P 65...129%!35 JFirem's Fund.22s 228
F & CI Ry 65.. — 117 Bank Stocks-
Geary St P. .is— 95 Anglo-Cal 68 70
HC & S 5%5..107% — Bank of Cal... — 275
L A Ry 55....106.i107%jCal S D & T.. — 98
LAL Co 65... 99 — First Nationl..23o 235 r
Do gntd 65.. 99 — iLon P & A....129%132%
Do gntd 55.. — 100 ] Mer Exchange — 16
, Market-st 65..126% — j Nev Nat 8k...182 185
Do Ist M 55.116% — Savings Banks—
: NCG R R 75.110 — I Ger S & L.... —
: N R of Cal 6s. 114% — ilium S & L...1050 1160
XR of Cal 55.114 — Mut Say 8k... 39 —
N PC R R 65.106 ii — .S F Say U 500 —
NPC R R 55.106%107% Say. & L 50.... — 52%
: N Cal R R 55.11 l — Sec Say 8k.... — 300
OGL & H 55.11! — Union T C 0.... — 1465
i Oak TranEt 65.11 l 113 | Street Railroads—
Om C Rv 65...126%130 {California 116 120
1 P& CI Rv 65..105 107 .Geary 50 —
Pk &O Rv 65.H5 — | Market-st .... 61 62
Powell-t Rv 6s — 125 Oak S L & H. — 50
SF & N P 55.113%11. Presidio — 16
S F & S JY5s — 115%' Powder—
is Rof Cal 108 ,_ — California ■ — 170
( S Pof A 65...112 — IE Dynamite... *5 —
! S P C 6c(1905).112 112%' Giant Con Co. 72 —
S P C 65(19C6). — 114, _ Vlgorit 2% i l.
I a PC 6s(l<Jl2).Hß 122 Sugar—
: S P C ls eg 65.102% — iHana P C 0.... 16"* —
S PBr 6s — 126 Haw C&S C. 95% 96%
l S V Wat 65...1H'.!i — I Hutch S P Co. 33% 33%
! S V Wat 45....104 — j Kilauea S Co.. — 31
S V W 4s(3dm)lo_% — | Makaweli S C. 48*» —
; Stktn Gas 65.. 102 — [Onomea S Co.. 35% 39
Water Stocks— I Paauhau S C. 38% 39
• Contra Costa.. 75% 76% Miscellaneous—
i Marin County. 50 — jAI Pac Assn.. 117 117%
! Spring Valley.lo2 102 Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— Oceanic S Co.. 88- _ 89
j Capital Gas.... — — Pac A F A.... 1% —
i Cent G Co — — I Pac C Bor Co. — —
; Cent L & P... — 7 Par Paint Co.. 8% —
! Eqult G L Co. 3% 5 I
Morning Session.
Board
1 Alaska Packers' Association 116 87%
1 10 Contra Costa Water 76 00
50 Giant.Powder Con 72 62%
! 10 Giant Powder Con, cash 72 62%
30 Giant Powder Con. b 5 72 75
100 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25
21 Hutchison S P Co 33 37%
1 340 Makaweli 4-. 60
10 Makaweli 48 62 .
23 Mutual Elec Light 14 87%
15 Oakland Gas 48 25
5 Onomea Sugar Co, cash 38 75
20 Onomea Sugar Co 38 50
20 Pacific Coast Borax 132 00
25 S F Gaslight, cash 3 50
20 S V Water 102 25
Street—
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 70 37%
Afternoon Session.
50 Contra Costa Water 76 00
30 Contra Costa Water 75 75
2 Giant Powder Con 72 50
25 Hana Plantation Co 16 25
70 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25
480 Makaweli 48 75
10 Nevada Nat Bank, s 3 184 00
25 Paauhau S P Co 39 no
166 3 F Gas & Electric Co 70 37%
$10,000 S V 4's 104 00
Street—
50 Giant Powder Con 72 62%
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
$1000 Cal St Cable s's 115 62%
$7000 Contra Costa Water s's 109 7;,
20 Giant Powder 72 75
30 Giant Powder 72 37%
1.. Hutchinson Sugar 33 12-..
60 Paauhau Sugar Co 38 87%
20 Pacific Coast Borax 133 50
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 48 50
50 Makaweli Sugar Co 43 62%
150 Makaweli Sugar Co 48 75 "
25 Market St Railway 61 75
10 S V Water 102 12%
Afternoon Session.
20 Contra Costa Water..: 75 75
30 Contra Costa Water 75 87%
50 Hutchinson Sugar 33 50
50 Hutchinson Sugar 33 50
100 Makaweli Sugar Co 48 75
50 Mutual Elec Co 15 00
30 Onomea Sugar Co 3S 50
20 Onomea Sugar Co. 38 62%
10 P V Water 102 25
$5000 Los Angeles Railway s's 106 75
$4000 U S 3's 108 _-_
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: - *
Morning Session.
800 Belcher 29 800 Overman 10
200 Caledonia 70 100 Savage 26
600 Exchequer 03 1 100 Con Cal & Va..2 25
50 Julia 03
Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va.2 20! 300 Justice 20
200 Gould & Curry- 45] 150 Mexican 57
100 Hale & Nor Jo 100 Sierra Nev 64
Following-were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '-...'■. ,- '»-'•*'•_
Morning Session.
300 Alpha Con 04 200 Hale & Nor 35
500 Andes 20 300 Justice 20
200 Belcher 29 ZOO Mexican 57
100 Best & Belcher 71 100 Mexican 58
800 Bullion 10 200 Overman -. 15
100 Chollar : 25 200 Potosl ....:..... 44
200 Chollar 26 300 Silver Hill 04
100 Crown Point... 29
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, August 11..4 p. m.
Bld.Ask Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Justice 18 13
Alta 07 09 Kentuck ....... — 05
Andes 19 21 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 28 30 Mexican _ 56 58
Best & Belcher. 70 71 Occidental ....'. 22 24
Bullion 10 11 Ophlr 120 125
; Caledonia 69 70 Overman 14 15
Chollar 25 26 Potosi 47 48
Challenge Con.. 31 33iSavage 25 27
Confidence '■'- 33 j Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal &'Va..2 15 2 20|Seg Belcher 07 OS
Con Imperial... "1 02 Sierra Nev 64 C 5
Con New York. — 031 Silver Hill 03 04
Crown Point... 28 ' 30- Standard , —2 75
Eureka Con 50 —St Louis — 12
Exchequer — 04 Syndicate 07 —
Gould & Curry. 45 41 Union Con 35 36
Hale & N0r.... 34 36 Utah 10 12
Julia 02 04 Yei Jacket .- 37 39
.— — ■ ——■ —♦
Sun, Moon and Tide.
$. —- ---— »
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. -•::-.
NOTEThe high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at -Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY AUGUST 12.
Pun ripps 5:23
Sun sPts 7 :06
Moon seti 9 :4u
O Time Tlmej Timel Time
g. Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
? K W L Wj H W L W
12 .. 8:11 4.0 8:31) 1.8 3:06 5.4 9:56 1.0
13 '.. 4:21 3.8 9:14 2.S 3:45 6.5 11:00 0.7
14 .. 5:49 3.6 10:05 2.7! 4:34 5.6
L. W H W \L W H W
15 .. 0:06 0.41 7:2Oj 3.61 11:121 3.0 5:34 5.7
1C .. 1:10 0.0 8:36 4.0 12:2fi' 3.0 6:40 5-S
17 2:06—0.3! »:2S 4.4 l:40| 3.0[ 7:49 5.9
18 '... 2:59|— O.ol 10:10 4.7 2:41| 2.8' 8:5D 6.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
band column and the successive tides of the
day In the. erte* -..-■.oSWxeBW as *° time. The
second Time column gives the second tide ■>£
the day. the third time column the third tide*
and the last or right hand column gives th»
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions !to the sounuings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given 1= subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
' Branch Hvdrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.,
i August 11. l '«'>. • -^ __.
j The time ball on the tower of the new Ferrf
I building was dropped at exactly noon to-day-*
! I. ... at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 3
i o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. I". S. N.. In charge.
j <-> _ . — -»
Steamer Movements.
<g — : — : _ — .»
■TO ARRIVE.
Pteamer.
Corona 'Sin Titefro :..:.. IAuk. 13
Albion Cape Nome !Aug. 12
Empire Coo* Bay (Aug. 12
Sunol I Gray Harbor (Auk. 1!
Mackinaw ITacoma I Auk- 12
State California i Portland I Aug. IS
Xewburg fJrays Harbor Aug. 13
UV.-ntt ■ IHnm bold t 'Auk. 13
Aloha ....: |Point Arena [Aug. 13
I Crescent Clty...i«>es tii Cltv Auk. l«
i Czarina. JPuget Sound I Auk. 14
Samoa | Humbold t \ Aug. 1 4
Bontta ..iN'ewnort Am. u
Robt. A«3amson.|Nanaimo Aug. 11
Mackinaw (Tacoma auk. 15
, Brunswick Oregon Ports !Aus;. 15
i Queen [Seattle |Aus. 15
i Progrcso I Tacoma | Aug. 15
Arcata Cool Bay Aug. 15
! China 'China and Japan Aug. 15
Australia (Honolulu Aug. IS
City of Puebla... I Victoria & Puget Sound Aug. 15
Pomona '..|Humboldt ; I Aug. 15
Coqullle River.. IGrjiys Harbor (Aug. 15
Santa Rosa I San Diego..... auk 16
Willamette (Seattle !Aug. lfi
A Blanehard.. Com Bay (Aug. 17
Point Arena .(Point Arena |Aug. IS
Columbia (Portland lAug. IS
North Fork [Humboldt lAug. 1?
Coos Bay Newport Auk. IS
Peril Panama lAug. 19
_ . . .
1 TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails. ' I Pier.
Coos ..(Newport 'Aug. 12. 9 atrJPier 11
Pomona ...IHumboIdt Aug. 12. 2 pmlPier 9
North Fork.'Humho'fH IAur.13. » am Pier ?
.Weeott IHumboldt (Aug. 14. 2 pm Pier IS
I'matilla ..;Vic & Pgt Sd.lAug. 14, 10 amjPier 9
Pt Arena.. Point Arena. .[Aug. 14, 2 pmiPier 2
Corona 'Snn Diego tAugr. 14. 11 am Pier 11
! Aloha 'Point Arena.. 'Aug. 15, 3 pm'Plpr 3
! Brunswick -Oregon Ports. | Aug. 16, 2 pm' Pier 20
' State Calif. [Portland |Aug.l6. 10 ami Pier 24
! Bonita iNewport lAug.lfi. 9 am Pier 11
! Arcata |Coo» Bay [Aug. 18, 10 am Tier 13
Xewburtr *.. [Grays Harbor! 16. ...'... I
i Hfjks MarulCUInaft Japan Aug. 17. 1 pm|PMSS
! Samoa jHumboldt [Aup. 17, 10 am! Pier 3
Coouille Grays Harbor; Aug. IT. 12 m PiT
San Jose.... I Panama Auk. IS. 12 m PM8S
Santa Rosa San Diego Aug. 18, llam'Pier 11
: City PueblalVic & Pet Sd. Aug. 19. 10 am Pier 9
Columbia . . (Portland [Aug. 21. 10 ami Pier 2t
Steamer.
Destination.
I*— — — •
Shipping Intelligence. ,
! $_ — __ — — — *
ARRIVED.
Friday. August 11.
Stmr Fulton. Johnson, 76 hours from Port
| land.
Stmr Navarro. Higgins. 21 hours from Usal.
Stmr Francis Cutting, Walker. I" 1 , days from
Karluk. ; ' ' ."
Stmr Gecrge Loomls, Bridgett, 33 hours from
j Ventura.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
| Mendocino.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 50 hours from San
Pedro.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, 82 hours from ,
Nana!— to.
Schr Archie and Fontie, Johannsen, 16 hours
from Stewarts Point. .. .<•-.:
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
CLEARED.
Friday. August 11.
Stmr Washtenaw, Croscup, Nanaimo; James
Jerome. -. - „"--;;
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall.
; Perkins & Co.
Br tug Pilot. Butler. Nanaimo: R Duns
muir's Sons & Co.
Barge Colorado, Andrews, Nanaimo; R Duns
muir's Sons Co.
SAILED _-rlday. August 11.
Friday, August 11.
Stmr Columbia. Green. Astoria,
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, Eureka.
Stmr iAielUi. Miller, Tillamook.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, .
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, .
Stmr Newsboy. Foeen, Usal.
Tug Pilot, Butler, Nanaimo, with barge Colo
rado in tow.
Bark Prussia. Jensen, Port Blakeley.
Bark Mohican. Kelly. Honolulu.
Barge Colorado, Andrews, Nanaimo, in tow
tug Pilot.
Schr S Danielson, Gruggel. Siuslaw River.
Schr J D Tallant, Hoffland, Tacoma.
Schr Monterey, Beck, [.wens Landing.
Schr Reliance. Skipper. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 11. 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind SW; velocity 14 miles.
SPOKEN.
July 25. lat 25 42 N, ion 31 W— Br ship King
David, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Francis Cutting— Left In port at Chignik
Bay bark S Thompson and ship Llewellyn J
Morse, for San Francisco; at Karluk, ships
St Nicholas and Santa Clara, for San Fran
cisco; Santa Clara was ready for sea.
Per San Mateo— 10, 10 a m, 20 miles north
of Cape Mendocino, passed tug Rescue, with
ship Standard in tow, hence Aug 8, for Port
land; weather foggy; sea smooth; wind 'calm.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 10— Schr Meteor,
from Port Ludlow; schr Wm Renton. from Ta
coma; schr Bertha Dolbeer, from Eureka.
Sailed Aug 10— Schr Lillebonne, for Eureka.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Aug Bark
Kate Davenport, hence July 15; bktn Robert
Sudden, hence July 21. .-7.-v .
Sailed Aug Bark Tidal Wave, for Tacoma;
schr H D Bendixsen. for Port Blakeley; schr
H C Wright, for Tacoma. Aug 10— Br ship
Forteviot. for Tacoma; bktn Eureka, for Ta
coma.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Aug 10— Schr Marie E
Smith, from Port Gamble; schr Alcalde, from
Grays Harbor.
TACOMA— Sailed Aug 11— Schr Glendale, for
San Francisco. "•-?...*..
TACOMA— Aug 11— Stmr Progreso,
hence Aug 7: stmr Chas Nelson, .from Seattle;
schr H C Wright, from Port Townsend: Br ship
Forteviot. from Ehanshal. --' "■'
SALMON BAY'— Arrived Aug 11— Schr H D
Bendixsen. hence July 29.
HUENEME— Aug 11— Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka; schr John F Miller, from
Grays Harbor. ■■.-.■■'•■■ ' '",~\_ i '_'•'.■_£•-'
NEWPORT (S)— Arrived Aug 11— Schr Chas
E Falk. from Eureka. n ■ ''_-*?■_
SEATTLE— Arrived Aug 11— Ship Occidental,
| hence July 22. _, , : _
COOS BAY'— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Empire, for
San. Francisco. . _"-_.''■. _
KARLUK— SaiIed Aug 4— Ship Santa Clara.
for San Francisco. ...-_. -
PORT LOP ANGELES— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr
Westport. from . "■-_' ; _"-
Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Westport, for San Fran-
ASTORIA— Aug 11— Br ship Muskoko.
from Shanghai. >'.;_". _ __„_. , ,'
Sailed Aug Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco. _.._.. ' '--*-._". _. " : .""-'
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Aug 11— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco. __/■_."'■
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 11— Stmr W eeott, hnc
Aug 10; stmr Samoa, hence Aug 10. "1: .
' GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Aug Schr
North Bend, hence July 30. . Aug Schr C T
Hill, from Ventura. __-•_' __
Sailed Aug 11— Schrs Falcon, Guide and Ruby
A Cousins, for Ban Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Aug 11— Schr
Muriel, hence July ...
Sailed Aue 11— Schr Y. awona, for Newport,
schrs Eric and W F Wltzeman, for Honolulu.
" SOUTH BEND— Arrived Aug. 11— Schr Orient,
hence July 21. * ' •
FOREIGN PORTS. !
ACAPULCO— SaiIed Aug 9— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco. __«__, - :.._ '--'- _1 __
TAKU— Sailed July 16— Bark Coloma, for Port
Townsend. ____._. .
SANTA." ROSALIA— SaiIed July _S-Schr Jo
seph Russ. for Port Townsend.
MANILA— Aug 11— Stmr City of Para,.
h Salted" Aug : 11— S stmr Sheridan, for San
CARDlFF— Arrived Aug 9— Hal ship F S
Ciampa. from Grimsby. ■ .... .
COLON— Arrived Aug 9— Stmr Alliance, from
N __r_led°AW 9-Br stmr Athoe. for New York.
FALMOUTH-Arrived Aug 10-Br ship Eaton
H QUVETsTO r^N-Arrlved Aug 10-Br ship
Achnashle, from Oregon, and sailed for Glas-
S HAKODATE-Sailed Aug 10-Schr Volunteer,
_ HONOLULU-Arrived Aug 1-Br stmr Tartar.
Zf*_~i oTulv 24 -Vug 3-Stmr . Newport, hence
.^7 JU ! t! - r Ohio, hence July 27, to sail Aug
*_Li°_e l -ug°3-^r n s-mr Tartar, for Manila.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
OITEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug U— Stmr Brit
annic from New York, for Liverpool.
_?i-n____«S-OWN— Arrived Aug 11-Stmr Etru
ria, from New York, for Liverpool, and pro-
C NEW YORK-Arrived Aug 11-Stmr Victoria,
fr NEW VoUK-Arrivetl Aug 11-Stmr Hekia,
from Copenhagen. - .
WbbH. Gal $1.00 Year
1314
THOUSANDS GATHER TO WELCOME THE ARIONS,
WHO JOIN HANDS WITH THEIR WESTERN BROTHERS
GREAT was the preparation for the
reception to the Eastern Arions
who arrived last night on the be
lated northern overland and great
was the disappointment resulting
from their late arrival. Eight o'clock
•was the scheduled hour for their en
trance into San Francisco. II was full
three hours after when the vanguard of
cabs and carriages rolled into the 1 ai
sle court tell the assembled multitude
that the visitors had at last arrived.
Very early in the evening the German
population of San Francisco beg to
move toward the Palace Hot* - At 9
o'clock the court was lined with people,
all nrescnt to give a joyous and hearty
welcome to the German singers who
crossed the continent to grasp the hands
of their Western brethren in amity and
friendship. The three local German sing
ing societies were assembled early in the
evening and they took up their stand in
the upstairs waiting-room of the ferry to
•-ing a song of welcome to the arriving
Arions. The great majority of the Ger
man people did not go to the ferry but
sought the best vantage ground possible
In the spacious court of the Palace Ho
tel- . . , ,
First It was *•: for the time of arrival and
the assembled crowd began to grow impa
tient as the hands of the clock moved on
ward Then a rumor spread through the
pack of humanity that the train was de
layed an hour. Nine o'clock came and
yet the visitors did not put in an ap
pearance. Another hour passed and still
another, when at last a wild shout broke
the impatience and stillness of the throng,
for the German singers had arrived.
One hack after another rolled into the
court and many tired and travel-stained
tourists, happy to have reached their des
tination, jumped out and dashed into the
office. The women were bonneted alike
and the men wore hats of uniform char
acter. Dress suits were piled high one
above the other and for a brief quarter
of an hour the life of tne hotel clerk
was unadulterated misery. Order was
straightened out of chaotic confusion and
rooms assign, d to all.
The lateness of the hour forbade any
ordered celebr; tion or reception. All that
could be done under ■•• f ' circumstances
was to improvise a chorus and sing a
welcome to the Eastern Arions. This was
done With a will. The strong, lusty Teu
tonic voices poured out the strains of
national welcome sonp and all those who
waited and waited were recompensed for^
their trial of patience. Great applause
followed and another typical German
song was rendered by the full combined
local societies. After a general hand
shaking the crowd dispersed and the visi
tors retired to their rooms to prepare for
the week of celebration that will begin
with the rising sun to-day.
At the ferry a similar scene greeted
the Arions of the metropolis. As they
landed from the boat the march was
through the upstairs waiting-room. Hard
ly had the first men passed off the boat
when the great swelling chorus was taken
up by the local contingent and Boon for
tified by the visitors, all of whom, women
as well as men. Joined together to roll
out in powerful and musical tones the
great national songs of tho Fatherland.
A HEARTY WELCOME,
Excursionists Are Pleased
With California Hospitality.
.The excursion train was met at Benicia
by the following members of the recep
tion committee of the San Francisco
Arions: Dr. Max Magnus, . Edward
utenhaus. Fritz- Beringer, W. A.
Ehrenp-ort, W. C. Hildebrand; T. C. Over
meyer, Fritz Gerke, F. C. -Cummer and
August Jungblut. The train was delayed
OUR SATURDAYS SPECIALS!
Granulated (Best Cane) Sugar, 20 lbs $1
Extra (CMce Ran.ll) Eggs.. 20c
Our last sale made us many friends.
REGULAR 25c DOZEN.
Extra (H'lmlioi-t Creamery) Butter 35c
Take advantage of this sale. This butter
is worth 15c per square, market advancing.
Fairbanks (Gold Dust), S-lb pkg,..lsc
REGULAR 20c.
Faraffine (Wax) Candles, box 50c
Standard Oil Company Best.
This box contains 72 candles.
REGULAR Ssc BOX.
Babbitt's (Best Laundry) Soap, 7br5..25c
Eastern (Martin's Cream) Cheese...... 15e
REGULAR 20c POUND.
Ghirardelti's Best Cocoa 20e
REGULAR 25c POUND.
COUNTRY ORDERS filled at short notice
and shipped free of charge 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone ... 2.2. No Branch Stores, i
by an accident to the engine at Yolo and
it was nearly two hours late when it
reached Benicia.
The train consisted of five sleepers, two
dining cars and the commissary car. lt
was in the latter department that the re
ception committee met their guests^ and
bade them welcome to the Golden State.
The formal greeting was between Dr.
Magnus, representing the Sun Francisco
Arions, and President Weinacht of the
New Yorkers. The Californians and tno
Easterners met as though they had been
life-long acquaintances, although but few
of them had had the pleasure of knowing
each other personally. Members of the
reception committee did not stop tit a
handshake, but caressed the visitors and
even imprinted kisses on the cheeks of
the New Yorkers.
"We have heard much of a Callfornian's
style of receiving his guest," said Presi
dent Weinacht, "but in all our travels,
which have extended over both conti
nents, we have never received such a wel
come ts this. We feel already as though
we had been intimately acquainted with
the San Francisco Arions all our lives
and that California was as much our
home as it ls theirs."
Songs of the fatherland followed the
greeting, and then the commissary car
rang with the toasts freely offered and
given as- the Arions of the East and tne
West drank to each other's health.
After these preliminaries the reception
committee was ushered through the train
and made acquainted with every person
on board. Including "Herman," who pre
sided over the commissary car, and the
special trainbands and porters, who have
traveled with the party since it left the
Empire City. By the time the train ar
rived at Oakland pier joy was unconfincd
and the visitors had reached a full ap
preciation of the nature of Californian
hospitality. Every one of the excursion
ists wore the emblem of the San Fran
cisco club, and every member of the re
ception committee had been decorated
with the little silver badge of the New
Yorkers.
There were 132 persons in the party, and
of this number twenty-two are members
of the singing section, which has made
the New York Arion Verein famous the
world over. There are a number of
wealthy and distinguished New Yorkers
in the party. President Weinacht is a
member of the firm of Max Ams & Co.. a
big wholesale firm. John Rachy is a wine
importer. W. J. Amend is a wholesale
druggist. John Reisenweber ls the pro
prietor of one of the largest breweries in
New York. Herr H. H. yon Mellenthln,
the official reporter of the excursionists,
is the editor of the New York Staats Zeit
ung. The proportion of ladies in the party
is large.
The visitors state that this is one of the
most pleasant of the club's annual excur
sions, and that nowhere have they been
treated better or more heartily welcomed
than they have been since they reached
the shores of the Pacific.
"This is God's own country." said Pres
ident Weinacht. "I have heard much of
California, but had no idea it was such a
paradise. Even what little of the scenery
we have had an opportunity to observe
convinces me that there is no place on the
continent that can equal it. I am very
much afraid that some of our members
will become so Infatuated with the Pacific
Coast that they will not want, to go back
with us. I know that some of them have
come here with the intention of making
investments if they received a good im
pression of the country-."
Sickroom Requisites, Sale or Rent.
Goodban's Nurses' Ag'n'y,lll7 Van Ness.
HOLY CROSS CHURCH.
Musical Programme to Be Rendered
at the Dedication.
The musical programme, for the dedi
cation of Holy Cross Church to-morrow
will be of unusual merit and solemnity.
The solemn high mass will commence at
10:30 a., m. with th*- rendition of Gounod's
"Grand Messe Solenelle" by a solo trio
composed' of Miss L. Roeder, soprano; R.
Morrissey, ■ tenor; Mr. Schwartfager,
basso, • assisted by a quadruple quartet
composed of Miss G. Frost, Miss M. Van
charettl Mrs. Wand. Mme. Prankard,
sopranos; Miss E. McCloskey, Miss M.
Shannon, Miss Wilber, Miss L. Sullivan,
altos; ii. Barronda, Mr. Hay, Mr. Mullin,
, Mr. Murdoch, tenors; M. Perron, XV.
I Lane, A. Sullivan, J. Eaton, bassos, aug
mented by a well trained chorus of thirty
voices. At. the offertory "O Cor Amoris"
! will be rendered by Misses Roeder and
: :ioskey. ; ivA . '_v i. _.-.Tf '. .
j The mass will be accompanied through
out by the organ and a complete orches
tra under the direction of Mr. Randall.
The organ in the new edifice deserves
special mention. It is an ornament to the
church and its clear, mellow and power
ful har&iohy proves it to be of more than
usual quality; i\ The organist, Harry W.
Brown, well understands its merits, and
with his -fine musical ability is enabled
to. make it respond to the sublime theme
of the mass.
In the evening Steams' "Solemn Ves
pers" will be rendered by the double
quartet and Marzo's brilliant "Tantum
Ergo" will be given. The contralto solo,
"O Salutlus." will be sung by Miss Maud
Fay. The music- will be accompanied by
the organ and a violin obligato by Mme.
Prankard. The music of both services
will lie under the direction of the organ
ist.. Harry W. Brown, who will in the
evening render a grand organ solo.
Christran Endeavor Meeting.
The Christian Endeavor Societies of the
city will gather at the Y. M. C. A. audi
torium, Mason and Ellis streets, to-mor
row evening at 0 p. m. and hold a union
"promise meeting." The societies will
dispense with their individual meetings
for that evening so as to enable the mem
bers to attend, and the auditorium will
doubtless be crowded with young people
and their friends. -The meeting will close
at" p. m.. thus enabling the Endeavorers
to be in time for their own church ser
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TURD AT, AUGUST 12, 1899.
Reception to the Metropolitan Singers Dampened
by the Delay of Their Arrival, but a Large
Crowd Is at Hand to Greet the Visitors Who
Crossed the Continent.
Palace Hotel- Court the Scene of a Vast Concourse of German Singers,
Who Show Their Respect and Enthusiasm in a Greeting to Friends
Who Have Traveled Three Thousand Miles lo Establish Bonds of
Friendship and Amity. .
THE GRANDEST PLACE
ON THE CONTINENT
JOHN* REISENWEBER, one of the most influential and prominent mem
bers of the Arion party, made the following statement to a Call repre
sentative:
"I have heard a great deal about the wild and woolly West, but It is
wild and woolly West, no more with us. The Arions have never
had such a pleasant trip as this one. I was much impressed with the
scenery through the Upper Sacramento Valley and if there is more like it in
the State all that 1 can say is that It is the grandest place on the continent.
It is a disappointment to us not to be able to reach San -Francisco by day
light. Our excursion came through on schedule time until .we commenced to
travel over the lines of the Southern Pacific Company, and then we were
subjected to many petty delays, but lost time was happily made up until the
unfortunate breakdown of this evening, which made an unfortunate ending
to our journey across the continent.
"We anticipate the grandest time of our lives during our stay in San
Francisco. If the gentlemen who . have come to welcome us are a fair sample
of the Californian I must say that they are the most ■ hospitable and open
hearted people I have ever met. Our party will carry back to their Eastern
homes the most pleasant recollections of their visit to the Pacific".
vices. The public has been cordially in
vito 1. '
..■ » ■
Swiss Relief Society Picnic.
The Swiss Relief Society will give its
thirteenth annual excursion and picnic
to-morrow at Cedar Grove Park, near
Petaluma. An attractive programme of
amusements has been arranged and a
number of games for which prizes will be
offered.
_■ ♦ ■
The Most Beautiful
Bit of scenery in Golden Gate Park re
produced in exquisite full-page half
tone free with to-day's News Letter.
— - ■ ♦ «
Boy Horse Thief Caught.
WOODLA.ID, Aug. Louis Smith,
who is accused of horse-stealing, was ar
rested on a charge of grand larceny at
Redding last night, and will be brought
back to Woodland to-morrow. Smith is
only a boy of about 15 years of age. The
horse belonged on the farm of Charles
Nelson, where Smith had recently been
at' work. _
Campbell Held for Trial.
REDWOOD CITY, Aug. ll.—The pre
liminary hearing of Arthur Campbell,
charged with highway robbery, was had
before Justice of the Peace Hannon to
; day. The defendant was held to answer
before the Superior Court, with bail fixed
at $2000. Campbell is accused of. having
* robbed C. (iioli. a farmer, living in the
Alpine district. ■■•■•. V,"~-
$100.00 if you can guess the time
of the arrival of the transport Sher
man with the California Volunteers.
See next Sunday's' Call.
CAR FARES TO BE
REDUCED IN DETROIT
Railroad Companies Will Make a Hot
Legal Fight to Maintain the
Old Rate.
DETROIT. Aug. 11.— The Common Coun
cil at a special session this afternoon
adopted In*, a vote of 24 to 10 amendments
to the ordinance- of the Citizens' and
Fort Wayne lines changing the fare from
5 cents to eight for 25 cents.
There will he a hot legal fight over the
plan to reduce the rate. The company
will undoubtedly refuse to obey the ordi
nances, and mandamus proceedings will,
be,' commenced to force the company to
show cause why -it should not obey the
enactments of the Council
MILLION SQUIRRELS KILLED.
Result of the Bounty Ordinance in
Tulare County.
VISALIA. ' Aug. 11.— The Board of Su
pervisors of this county to-day allowed
claims for 8000 squirrel tails at 3 cents a
tall. The bounty law has been in force
in this county two years. During that
time 535,000 tails have been paid for at a
cost to the county of 511.200. Not more
than half the poisoned squirrels were cap
tured, hence the total number of squirrels
exterminated was about a million. In a
half dozen years, at the present rate, the
squirrels will be banished from Tulare
County.
CONSISTORY ORDERED
\ FOR DECEMBER
Pope Is in Excellent Health and
Looks for a Successful Season
of Fetes.
ROMS, Aug. 11.— The excellent state of
health of the Pope was shown this morn
ing when his Holiness' instructed Cardinal
Rampolla to announce definitely that the
consistory would be -held in December,
marking the beginning of the. fetes of
the holy year. which the Pope wishes to
have specially distinguished.
REPORTED FIGHTING IS
RENEWED IN SAMOA
CHICAGO, Aug. 11.— A special to the
Tribune from San Francisco says: A
bulletin telegraphed here from Victoria.
B. C, says there has been renewed light
ing in Samoa. No details are given.
• -y— • ' — ■-'■". : -. -•
Banqueted ■ at Fairfax Villa.
SAN RAFAEL, .Aug.' ll.—The executive
committee having In charge the late
Fourth of July celebration held here was
banqueted this evening at Pastorl's Fair
fax villa by 10. J. llayden and S. Herzog.
A pleasant evening was passed and all
present expressed their appreciation of
the Kindness of the hosts. Those present
were: Judge F. M. Angellotti. W. F. Ma
gee, M. F. Cochrane, A. E. Scott Lewis
Hughes, XV. J. Eden. W. S. Dreypolcher,
E. J. Hayden and 3. Herzog.
CRYPTIC CEREMONY ENDED.
Concluding Services Held in the
Broadway Theater, Denver.
DENVER, Aug. 11.— Between 500 and 600
Cryptic Masons witnessed the exemplifi
cation -of the degree- at the Broadway
Theater this evening. It was the com
pletion of the ceremony begun - on the
summit of Pikes Peak. To-morrow the
Masons will : go around, the Georgetown
Loop by special train.
Hale's! J . _____Jsi^^^
■ -■■■■■ Close to-night (
when johnny ■" -
comes
marching home &■_;*_* c
v"? ing on the outer
walls and blow toot-horns at him ; ' he's your johnny brother
or your johnny son or sweetheart — he's yours to welcome.
10-inch Oval Japanese Lanterns Sc each— 7oc dozen "
12-inch Oval Japanese Lanterns lOc each— SI dozen
Fancy Japanese I_an£erns....' life each 81 .ISO dozen
Fancy Japanese Lanterns Ise each— Sl.OO dozen .
Fancy Japanese Lanterns U«K- each— SU.UO dozen I
Jubilee Horns, IS-inch lOc each I 6-foot Wool Bunting Flags JS each
Jubilee Horns. 22-inch lOc each ' 9 foot Wool Bunting Flags SO each
7-inch Muslin Flags on sticks. ...Sc doz 10-foot Wool Bunting Flags SO each
fl-inch Muslin Flags on sticks. .lite doz 16-foot Wool Bunting Flags. -914 each .
14-inch Muslin Flags, on sttcksZSe doz I 7xlo Silk Flat;.- lOc each '
18-lnch Muslin Flags, on sticks. 4oc doz Sxl2 Silk Flags UOc each
"7-inch Muslin Flags, on sticks. 7oc doz 12x18 Silk Flags SOc each
36-inch Muslin Flags. " " -81.00 doz 16x24 Silk Flags OOc each
43-inch Muslin Flags. " " .81 .NO doz 24x.6 Silk Flags SI each
4-foot Cotton Flags, fast colorsOOc each 32x48 Silk Flags 81.7.1 each
6-foot Cotton Flags, fast colors. each 36x60 Silk Flags S3 each
8-foot Cotton Flags, " " .SU.UO each I 45x72 Silk Flags $0 each i
see to-morrow's advertisement of Manhattan silverware. •*
ribbon gloves.
___ t _ t _ t r-rtr. f - Ladies' 2-clasp pique walking gloves in
It lllllclll L_>» j the latest shades of red, tan. green.
, brown, black and white; a well-made
3000 yards satin, gros-gram and \ street glove with wear in them. .sl.oo I
all-silk taffeta in all colors ; factory j _^^. J*?^ Jouvln kM £*£
'remnants, JUSt as they were made — i elastic French kid, in the prevailing 1
new goods and not shop worn. ' fe^andauea.^..^.. *° .11. ?.8L0O
No. 5. 1 inch **c yard I .
No. 7, VA inch Oc yard I
No. 0, VA inch tte yard - r _^;is#___i .
No. 12. 2 inch .'..Nc yarn VC I 1 1 1 1 __Lm (
No. 16. 2-. Inch 10c yard , "
No 22 3 inch lilc yard j 1000 yards all-silk veiling in plain and
Drawstring Ribbon, No. 3 Se yard dotted mesh. Russian Tuxedo and Brus-
Drawstring Ribbon, No. 7 7Uc yard sels net. in black and colors, also black .
Fancy Ribbon, 1 In. wide, 7' 2 c and lOc with colored dots, white with black (
Fancy Ribbon, 3.. inches wlde.UOc yd dots, and a sood line of wash veils
Fancy Ribbon, 4-_ inches wlde.SOc yd i ......UOc yard
___ _____ <
Hosiery by \_^L___\__W _W <*> C. D. Ccrset ,
the dozen— jSr__W<&^M&^^^gl^ Waist—
12 pairs j_W -^_^ — . — jp**-^ The "Chicago
for the &* ~~*__\Gooi> gooo*^ Waist * f
price of 11. 935 to 947 Market Street. $1.00 '
i*\_ _/^"%/Vvn_A-^N_>n /VT^^A^-*
ROBBED HIS WIFE
TO PLUNGE ON
HORSE RACING
Young Robert Carter
in Trouble.
A peculiar case of misplaced domestic ;
trust came to light yesterday when a !
warrant was sworn out by Mrs. Jennie
XV. Hearne, wile of a prominent Alaska ,
miner, for the arrest of her son-in-law.
Robert A. Carter, on a charge of grand
larceny. The party who will be defend- ,
ant in the case is charged with having
pawned $3000 worth of jewelry, the prop- '
erty of his wife and her mother, on the
pretense that he would immediately re
deem and return it, and of having skipped
to the East without having fulfilled his
promise.
Another feature in the case is the
youthfulness of Carter and his wife. The
latter was a Miss Lillian Hearne and she
met and loved Carter in New York about
two years ago while she was 17 years of
age At the time of her marriage her
husband was nearly 20. The couple came
to California witn the Hearne family and
stopped at the St. Nicholas Hotel in this
city. . _ j
Young Carter Soon became fascinated
with the sport of horse racing. He
plunged and often lost heavily. His
mother was the proprietress of a. fash
ionable boarding-house in Brooklyn and
upon the death of one of his relatives he
inherited considerable money and some
stock. Of the latter he turned over one
thousand dollars', worth to his wife. He
had no occupation and his money swiftly
sped over the counters of the poolboxes.
realizing for. him but small returns. In
time it was all gone and he began to look
elsewhere for coin with which to pla>
th ThS°S of the family property dis
posed of by "Carter was the $1000 stocK
certificate which he had given his wite.
After It had passed out of his possession
everything on which he could realize the
Prhe of a g pool ticket was taken and liy
nnth,.eated Jewelry, diamonds and seal- ;
?kins .-ent in the husband's money panic
pawnbroker. As security _.v .
IMnSSl MnSS SK^Syti aU taken during I
tance. Ihe of _nril, June and July As
the months or a *'-*'• d the pawner
each I';. excuse for the delayed heritage
ma . de^r„t tho last of June departed for
_tr^Btsr<i*iSrJmfs--t »»*.
matted an" better and his w fe and her
m i ihV.c -.non became suspicious of his
relatives absence. They soon declared
fhathp had married for money only and
did not propose to either reimburse his
wife or return to San Francisco. A war
rant was issued for his arrest yesterday,
and it having been discovery that the
iewelrv had been pawned with ■ W. J.
Hpsthal at 10% Sixth street a search war
rant wa* issued for the recovery of the
vahiablcl. When an officer visited the
rv-wnshop he was told that the property
__d already been redeemed, but could not
Show ans "records cf the transaction. He
cut the officer's search short by informing j
him that information could be secured
only from his attorney. Now there prom
ises to be a tight for the -recovery.of the
nawned articles from the pawnbroker.
White the stuff is valued at $3000 Carter
only secured about $700 on it. The list of
pawned articles is as follows:
Cluster ring diamond and turquoise; dia
mond marquise ring; diamond crescent breast
mn br"a«tpin set with rubies and diamonds;
breastpin set With rubies surmounted with dia
mond*- two cluster- turquoise earrings sur
mounted with diamonds; diamond sunburst
riSd watch and locket; solitaire diamond
r ng* small gold watch, two diamond .olltalre
rings; "mall ring with five «*■»<»«•: -p«tro*
diamond solitaire earrings; marquise ring with
emeralds in center and cluster of diamond
pendants and sealskin sack.
— _ ■ ♦ ■
IMPRISONED IN MEXICO.
Member of the American Colony Sen
tenced for Six Years.
SAN LUIS POTOSI, Mexico, Aug. 11.— j
J B. MeCiellan. a prominent member of
the American colony in San Luis Potosi,
ha" been sentenced to six years in the
penitentiary for throwing a rock at. a
Mexican woman who made an attack on
him with a knife. The case has been
called to the attention of United States
Minister Powell Clayton.
_ ' '. " —
Death of Judge Collier.
SAN DJEGO, Aug. 11.— Judge D. C. Col
lier, long a prominent lawyer of this city, ,
died to-night. Judge Collier was a resi- j
dent of Denver in pioneer days, engaging ,
in both law and journalism in that State.
Farmers' Institute Closes.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. '.ll.— Monte
rey County Farmers' Institute, which has
been holding a two days' session at this
place, closed last night. ' Bacteria was
the leading question under consideration
during the closing hours, some notable
papers being read by Professor Bioletti
of the University of California, T. W.
Cowan, the well-known English natural
ist, and others. The final session of the
institute was devoted to a discussion of
the effects of American territorial ex-
I pansion upon agriculture and horticulture
in the Pacific States, Professor Douglass
T. Fowler of the State University taking
I the leading part.
■-■..■'-- •
! REVOLUTIONISTS DEFEATED. -
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. :.'.■"■
LIMA, Aug. ll.—The Government has
received dispatches announcing the defeat
of the revolutionists at all points. It is
said that Vizcarra. the rebel leader, will
have to seek refuge in Ecuador or give
himself up.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I 23 CARLOADS 1
,;. Already ordered this sea- R*.
§S§ son in California. g^
I ( -fe^Qr" I
-g BICYCLES m
I $40.
I THOS.H. B.YARNEY, 1
pf Market and 10th Sts., S.F. g|
IxB Open Wed. and Sat. '3
| Evenings.
TURKISH ~
%.. RUGS
AT
ABSOLUTE AUCTION,
TURKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
125 GEARY ST., *
Commencing
THIS DAY, Saturday, August 12,
at 2:30 P. M., Sop one week.
tnXConnolsseurs and Home and Office Fur-
! nishers are Invited to this Important Sal©.
A. W. LOUDERBACK, Auctioneer.
It's
Good Tea
YOU'LL say so
AFTER
TRYING IT.
: Great American ImportiniL Tea Co
Big Presents Free.
STORES EVERYWHERE..
100 STORES. ;__.__'
DR. ABORN,
Eye, Ear, Catarrh, Throat.
Asthma and Lung Specialist,
564 Sutter St., Bet Powell and Mason.
Hours— to 12 and 2t04:7 to 8 evening*. .
FREE CONSULTATION.