VOLI'3IE LXXXVI-NO. 124.
AGUINALDO'S ENVOYS
FAIL TO SECURE PEACE
One of Them, General Alejandrino, De
clares That the Filipinos Are Able lo
Garry on War Indefinitely.
SHINGTON, Oct. L— ln
explanation.; of the advice* from
Manila to-day to the effect that
General Otis has refused to
treat .with representatives of
A/nii.aMo, the "War Depart
ment authorities say thai the
-emissaries doubtless lacked the
necessary . credentials. No of
|L(6ial advlees. It Is stated, were
jc&celyecl; to-day from General
<T»tis. on the subject, but as Gen
eral Otis has. been cautioned not
tbhavfe: anything further to do
.vithth'V fi.llege.oi representatives
:of ■ Agui.haldo ! unless they clearly
demonstrate that they have au
thority .to :•■■!• ; tor peace from
the iriBuru.-;:t leader, it is in
l*-rt-A--th.. .th.c : envoys In the
.present- 'tns.tji.pce. did ' not have
,ifts : vfie^e;s£jafyj "papers. General
v>tls hak Jieert deceived, so many
times by representatives from
the insurKt-nts who sought Inter
yicjws,' ■ ■usiKy . to : plead for
peAOf ," thrtt he; has, in. accordance
■nith •:.-••.: ■;■•'.!!. from Washins
fi'ii. : cptfcluded not to receive
.s^y'''''.:ttiof.Q '. : : emissaries unless
t],.-y have.- the iw.cessary docu
irienta rcim Affuinaldo himself.
: *» *'jr ANli^A,' Oct. I— ll p. m.—Agul
■■■ MANILA. third ..attempt, shift
liaHu's third attempt to shift
r ■ ': 1 y/.J iiffk-uities into the field of |
■\ : : : JL YiJL; i^pfoWaey is a. repetition of the |
: 0' .•:.',;; lothePOiiei or-two^ with an im- )
: ' avoir, to obtain some, sort ;
• 'fi£ Tt-^gTiition of ; his so-called govern
ment- ■
Filipino envoys had an hour's I
:^<^nfftro^c« f with i.' General Otis this
) ■■O.jndr'nOigi-xThey-;' brought from Agui- j
:; : ;.;': ; c^|i3fe .•£f'ip«siiag^ : that he desired peace
;.f:'sJia : LWi§J>edJ;o;;seh4 -a-, civilian Govern- j
.■■■/ mental- mmjttee;. to discuss the ques
■ ■•■iipin:i : General; 'tis replied that it was:
\ ;■■ I'i^pdaMfele. fur him to recognize Agui- j
;;. : . :^aid«;.&: Government in that way.
::v\. They presented, a .letter from Agui- i
' : :. ihalcfo;' as- "President of the . republic,"
■. ' ■whi('.h is-' 'largely' a repetition of his re
' ■•: <>ent: appeals for 'recognition. General
-i^tis/informeij th^-tri . that while he, was j
•;.■ -willing • .to correspond with Aguinaldo :
..: as general -of the insurgent forces he
, must. positively decline to recognize him !
■■;"-. as president of the. civil Government.
■ . Another conference will be held to- ,
.'..' . morrow. ' " ':.■■■.
':. The • Filipinos will remain two or three
1 (lays. . ' Their movements are unre
• ■ fitrtct-ed; ;'.bu'.t they are under the con
. ttant chaperohage of Captain Johnson
i-of the Sixteenth Infantry. To-day they i
■..visited the hospitals and distributed ;
;' ,. jnohey among the wounded Filipinos,
• ii ft er ; which 1 they ; made calls and re- ;
s ■„■'■ ..cf?fved:'.visitQr.s at their hotel.
■■••; Natives- in : their Sunday clothing ;
' ; ; thrpnpod the : plaza in front of the hotel i
•■.••ail day, stretching their necks toward
the. windows . for a : glimpse of the
.Fhowy uniforms of the envoys. The as- j
•6e.mbfage Anally increased to a thou- .
•' • Efand.pepple.- W.heri the 'envoys emerged
.-. or an. afternoon drive the natives re- j
•. ' .maved. th?-ir hats deferentially, and a |
. crowd, in vehicles and on foot followed |
-.•• the .cartiag'p through the streets.
' . . . " We <?. p «ire.l peace, but peace with
:' independence an.l honor," said General
• Alojandrino .to lay while conversing
vith a repress ■ of the Associated
..Press.: He impress,- s one as a dignified, I
• dispassionate and ;;.^n man of the
world.- He was educated In Europe,
and designed' the remarkable entrench
. n'ients. from Manila to Tarlac. While
:.: reticent concerning his mission, his
.••conversation- .throws at: interesting
• V light" on- the . .Filipino view of the
'•"•.American attitude.
•:.•.;' ' '. .''How long can the Filipino army
■ , and people: withstand 60,000 Ameri
can troops?" asked the representative
.. «f the Associated Press.
"Fighting in our way, we can main- ;
tain a state of war and the necessity
;. of a large army of occupation indefi
nitely. You Americans are holding a
: few. miles around Manila, a narrow
line of railroad to Angeles and a cir- j
•' cle of. country around San Fernando.
But you are ignorant of the resources
■ of Luzon. We hold the rich, immense, i
•' productive northern country from,
j which to draw. Our people contribute
■the money and the food which main
■ tain our army, and this is done at a
• ..minimum of cost.
' "It Ib an interesting question what
•■; the cost ; to the American people is of i
• ■ 'mainiiilning' the American troops in the '
*. Philippines; We do not. of course.
Know". the mint, but it must be ex
• • cesalve. We perceive what an Ameri- \
j tan soldier requires in this climate. On
■' • the other hand, a Filipino exists with a
,-. handful of. rice ' and a pair of linen
-trousers. . We do not have to pay our
:.• Hers, and can practically hold up
• their vagjea as long as we desire. Even
;.' •Xv.UhoOt purpresent supply of arms and i
• .•nirnnuTiiti.oh we could keep your army
;■•■•. ocbupied for years. • •
. • •: "'With an.* expense that grows daily,
'." how long., will your people ' stand it?
J ■ The Filipim) people do not wish to con
.; :tinuc the. fighting; ' We have no army
• contraictors.. We have no business men
' | '.m.aklng profits. from the maintenance of j
• ... .our army. 'There is nothing in It for us' !
.nor are our salaries large enough to
.' keep us fighting for money and posi
,; : lions. " : .:..". ;
:.; ■ Discussing the question of a reeogn'- j
-.= tion l.v the United States of the uo
■."'called-Filipino Government. General
•;■ .Alejandrino' said:
"The 'freedom of ; the American pris
oners- Who have Just been turned over i
: • to you -decreed by the Filipino Con- |
. . • ... . . z
The San Francisco Call.
| greps. Your Government has accepted
them. It will doubtless accept any
other that our Government may free."
He inquired concerning the percent
ape of sick American troops, and when
informed, said he considered it small.
; He asked a numher of questions indi
cating a hope of anti-imperialist action
i by the United States Congress and in
quired what would be the effect on the
I national policy if Congress should de
| clare itself opposed to the prosecution
\ of the war, and whether the anti-im
perialism sentiment was growing in the
United States. He also made several
inquiries regarding the nature and ef
fect of a Joint resolution in Congress.
A number of gunboats and an armor
ed barge with a force of 250 sailors and
marines have gone to Orani, which
town la to 4e destroyed in retaliation
for the lo pt the gunboat Urdaneta,
which was icently burned and scuttled
by the insurgents at that place.
RAILROAD PROJECTED
ALONG THE RIO GRANDE
Will Start at Juarez and Connect
With the National at San
Miguel.
AUSTIN, Oct. I.— Thomas Berschel. a
railroad contractor of Mexico, is here and
reports that the early building of a rail
road along the Rio Grande border in Mex
ico is almost assured. He says that a
i syndicate of American capitalists has ap
plied to the Mexican Government for a
concession for the proposed road, and it is
l understood that President Diaz looks on
I the project with favor and will cause a !
j liberal Government subsidy to be given
| for the building of the line.
Tbo promoters of the enterprise propose
: to start the road at Juarez, opposite El
, Paso, Tex., and build to San Miguel,
| Mexico, where connection will be made
I with the National, a short, isolated line,
j which runs from San Miguel to Mata
| moras, Mexico, opposite Brownsville, Tex.
i The road would be very valuable to the
' Mexican Government as a military line in
; case an emergency should arise, such as
i existed during the Garcia revolution on
the border a few years ago. The total
length of the line, should the course of
i the Rio Grande be followed, would be
i over 1000 miles.
ACCIDENT OCCURS TO
CRUISER NEW ORLEANS
Boilerheads Blow Out on the Tri^
From Stan Domingo. Much
Damage Being Done.
NEW YORK. Oct. I.— The T'nited States
cruiser New Orleans arrived this morning
from Santo Domingo < "Ity. The New Or
leans was sent to Santo Domingo to look
after American interests during the re
cent troubles. Affairs having settled
down, the New Orleans was ordered to
Tompklnsville.
The new cruiser is under command of
Captain Edwin Lnngnecker. She left
San Domingo on the morning of Sep
tember 25 and was running at full speed
In order to get here in time to take part
in the Dewey naval parade. When two
days out two of her boilerhe&da blew
out and her speed was n-.luced to a lit
tle over five miles an hour. The officers
of the cruiser were not inclined to-night
to talk about the accident to her boilers,
but it was learned that the New Orleans
is in a very crippled condition. She may
be ordered to the Brooklyn Navy Yard
for repairs.
BRIEF STRIKE ON THE
WHITE HORSE TRAMWAY
Advance of One Dollar Per Day
Granted Within Twenty-Four
Hours.
i SKAGUAT, Aln ska. Sept. 27 Cvia Seat
tie, Oct. 1). — One hundred men employed
on the White Horse tramway struck Sat
urday for an advance in wages from $3
to $4 a day. Not a man went to work on
the tramway and not a pound of freight
was moved. The strike came at the crit
ical time of the last few weeks of the
opr-n river, and jus? when there is the
greatest demand for freight to be hur
ried down the Yukon. The advance was j
granted the clay after the men went out.
Freight rates from Bennett to Dawaon
were to-day quoted at 10 ronis a pound.
E. B. Stratford. T'nited States Townslte .
Commissioner, has returned from the >
westward and has made public his re- :
port to the Government in regard to the
Investigation as to the townsite of Skag
!;•■ says he finds Skaguay to have
pulation of 4000, to be on a site of
■res-, and that there are not now
and never have beer, in said townsite
private or churcb claims held or claimed ,
tinder Russian conveyance as originally j
ted or claimed at the date of acqui
>n of Alaska.
ALARMING SPREAD
OF YELLOW FEVER
Forty -Eight New Cases and Two
Deaths Reported by the Physi
cians at Key West.
WASHINGTON. Oct. I.— There were
I forty-eight new cases of yellow fever and
: two deaths at Key West to-day, accord
ing to to-night's Marine Hospital service
advices. Past Assistant Surgeon Smith
wired that the conditions at the detention
camp at Dry Tort upas remain good, and
that he has notified the Key West author
ities that after this weekthe camp will
be closed. The temperature at New Or
leans last night and to-day recorded 57
degrees, and there was a heavy frost at
Hattiesburg. Miss., and In Northern I,ou
isiana. Miami reports no new cases or
suspects. _
MURDERER EXTRADITED.
Bartholomew Kost Sent Back to Ger
many for Trial.
CHICAGO, Oct. I.— Bartholomew Kost,
the Austrian who la accused of the mur
der of his fiancee. Mary Vodicka, at Bre
men. Germany, that he might return to
Vienna, Austria, to marry his present
Wife, Anna Sehimeer. left here to-day in
charge of two detectives on his way back
to Germany to answer to the charge of
murder. The woman for whom he is al
leged to have done murder did not accom
pany him.
North Dakota's Welcome.
FARGO, N. D., Oct. 1— The North Da
i kota volunteers reached their native State
I to-<iay in two special trains from San
: Francisco. Every t >wn along the line in
this State yellf-d itself hoarse in honor of
the troops. Fargo was reached at S o'clock
to-night, and 10,000 people and dozens of
steam whistles and bells and salvos of
' artillery l>y the Lisbon Battery made the
I occasion unparalleled lr. North Dakota,
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1899.
TUESDAY THE TIME
FOR WAR TO BEGIN
Dr a Leyds 9 Eoropeae : ; Representative of
the ■ Transvaal, Tells Whee Hostili
' • ties Will Be Declared,
Fort and Barracks Built by the British at Lydenburgh.
This fortress was besieged by 120") Boers during the last war, but they had no artillery, and it was stoutly defended by
two companies of the Klpht y-elghth '"onnaught Rangrers. These brave fellows fought valiantly, and on two occasions,
led by their chaplain. Father O'Malley. made successful sallies in order to obtain provisions. Finally, when the British
troops wore ordered withdrawn from the Transvaal, the rangers marched out of the beleaguered post with colors flying
and all the honors of war. The picture is from a sketch made by J. Harrington.
LONDON, Oct. 2. — The Berlin cor
respondent of the Daily News says:
According to advices from The Hague
Dr. Leyds, the European representa
tive of the Transvaal, has named
Tuesday as the day for a formal
declaration of war between the Boers
and Great Britain. There is an un
confirmed rumor in circulation here
that Queen Victoria has written
Queen Wilhelmina of the Nether
lands, deploring the turn events have
' taken in South Africa and assuring
the Dutch monarch that she has gone
; to the utmost limit of her constitu
tional rights in the endeavor to se
cure peace.
ROME, Oct. 1. — The Pope to-day
i celebrated mass for peace in South
Africa, all the cardinals being pres
i ent. Speaking to them after the cere
] mony, his Holiness expressed pro
found sorrow at the coming conflict.
LONDON. Oct. 1. — From all points
of the Transvaal, Natal and Cape
Colony come reports of continued
military activity on the frontiers,
and, while the movement of indi
vidual commands as yet do not show
concerted plans, it is evident that the
narrow strip of Natal, whose apex is
crowned with the ominously named
Mahjuba Hill, will be the center of the
coming storm.
Late yesterday the Boers established
a camp at chepers Neck, near Vryheid,
and they will mobilize a great force on
the Buffalo River to-morrow, which the
authorities at Dundee expect will move
across the border to that spot, probably
at once. It is believed that a conflict
at this point will certainly occur early
in the week.
At the same time the Boers are col
lecting a force of 2000 men under the
notorious Commandant Cronje, in the
Mulmani gold fields, near Mafeking,
where Colonel Baden-Powell is sta
tioned.
Dispatches from Tuli, Rhodesia, an
nounce that another force of burghers
is massed at Pietersburg, fifty miles
south, and that outlying parties are
posted at all the drifts along the Lim
popo River.
In the meantime Colonel Plummer's
column is moving; fifty miles nparer the i
Transvaal frontier, and has established
telephone connections to within six |
miles of Rhodesia drift, on the Lim
popo.
Enthusiastic scenes at all railway
stations have marked the advance of
the Natal volunteers.
Dispatches from Mafeking announce
that Commandant Cronje, commander i
of the Transvaal border police, crossed
the border and visited Chief Baralolga, I
apparently with the object of inciting
him to fight. The British Civil Com
missioner ordered the chief to stay and
protect the women and children, telling
him that he would not be allowed to
fight.
The Boers openly threaten to raid
Vryburg, in British Bechuanaland, as
soon as hostilities open, and the Kim
berly Advertiser complains of the
apathy of the Cape Ministry in not tak
ing steps to prevent this.
The Transvaal field cornets are tak
ing the names of colonial Boers who are
willing to cross the border in the event
of war. Not the faintest hint is -allowed
to escape as to what diplomatic com
munications, if any, are passing be
tween London and South Africa, So
far as the public are concerned, matters
have not advanced since Friday. It is
noticeable that not even the Brussels
agency of the Transvaal Government j
has yet issued Mr. Kruger's latest note j
to the press. The silence maintained
on both sides is regarded as ominous.
From South Africa the news is wholly
concerned with feverish preparations
for hostilities. Commandant General
Joubert is reported to have said that
he has 10,000 men on the Natal border
and that Commandant Cronje has 3000
on the Bechuana side. The British
camp in the vicinity of Dundee consists
of 6000 men, with twenty-four guns in
strong positions. The Orange Free
State is actively commandering. The
Transvaal Government has virtually
taken over the Netherlands railway for
CAPE TOWN. Oct. 2.— The
Boers are reported to be threat
ening Kimberly, which, however,
owing to the presence of the im
perial volunteers and the usual
guards for the miners, is con
sidered quite safe.
military purposes and Natal trains are
being turned back. Telegraph wires be
tween Natal and Johannesburg have
been cut since Friday.
According to dispatches from Pre
toria, complete chaos reigns there. The
Government ho- 1 , declh r*4 . .r»*orlum
(an emergency act of legislation), au
thorizing a Government bank to sus
pend specie payments for a given
period, closed all the courts and sus
pended the English papers. It is said
that there will be nearly 30.000 burghers
along the borders by Monday night.
In Johannesburg warrants have been
issued for the arrest of some fifty
prominent Outlanders and journalists,
but all received timely warning and got
away safely.
An unconfirmed rumor has reached
Johannesburg that the fir^t portion of
the Indian contingent has arrived at
Durban, Natal.
SIGNIFICANT SENTIMENT
OF THE WARLIKE BOERS
PRETORIA, Oct. I.— While to-day
found Pretoria somewhat more quiet,
as the result of yesterday's exodus, de
tachments of burghers are moving to
ward Volksrust, the nearest station to
the Natal border. It is said that mar
tial law will be proclaimed Tuesday or
Wednesday. Already all civil proced
ures have been -stopped until further
orders, and another proclamation post
pones the sittings of the Circuit Court.
The sentiment of the Boers was signifi
cantly manifested as the trains car
rying the Pretoria contingent to the
front departed yesterday. Members of
the Volksraad. who were looking on,
exclaimed: "That is our ultimatum."
JOHANNESBURG, Oct. I.— The com
manding orders are completed, and the
burghers are ready for the field. A
large body passed through the town
yesterday afternoon.
Business has virtually ceased. The
merchants have finished barricading
their premises, and the proprietors of
the drinking saloons expect to receive
a notification to close their establish
ments to-morrow.
A party of 200 Germans has been
notified to leave, and the Irish corps,
commanded by Blake, an Irish-Ameri
can, will go early in the week.
The mines are paying $5 a day, with
food, to men who will remain.
Three trains filled with armed burgh
ers for the Natal border were this
evening reported as unable to leave
Bloomfonteln owing to a block on the
line, which has disorganized the whole
train service.
Two thousand passengers left yester
day by the morning and afternoon
trains, and nearly a thousand more by
outgoing trains last night. The Gov
ernment undertakes to provide for the
families of burghers who go to the
front.
m
MOVEMENT OF BOERS
TO NATAL FRONTIER
LONDON, Oct. L— lt is evident to
right that Buffalo River, the north
eastern boundary of Natal, is to be the
Potomac of the war. In view of its
strategic value, Joshua Joubert has
taken personal command of the Boer
forces there, establishing a strong line
of pickets along the river, and has
ordered the natives to drive in all the
stock. All the available burghers in
the neighborhood have been requi
sitioned, with the result that some 2000
have mobilized at Wakkerstrom, the
chief point of mobilization there.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. I.— The Cape Ar
gus publishes the following: dispatch
from Charlestown: "Commandant-Gen
eral Joubert will command the Boer
forces at Raines Nek. This is re
garded as the Transvaal's reply to the
movements of British troops. There is
considerable uneasiness here."
DUNDEE, Oct. I.— Five thousand
Boers are now concentrated in close
proximity to the frontier, and it is re
ported that they are ahout to attack
i Dundee. The most complete precau
] tions have been taken. Charlestown is
| deserted. All the women and chil
dren have left, and not more than ten
men arc now there. A locomotive is
ready to bring away the railway staff.
MAFEKING, Oct. I.— Great uneasi
ness exists here over the massing of
the Boers near the frontier. At a
1 largely .attended meeting to-day Mr.
Kiosie. a former Mayor, and other
speakers complained that the imperial
authorities were neplecting to provide
proper protection for the inhabitants,
as this border is much more exposed
, than the Natal border. The Boers,
! backed with artillery, could invade the
j town in a few hours. Many women,
i children and refugees, the speakers
pointed out, were thus placed in a po
sition of great danger. The meeting
\ unanimously adopted a resolution to
i send a telegram to the British High
Commissioner, Sir Alfred Miller, pray
ing further protection.
NEWCASTLE, Natal, Oct. 1. — The
Johannesburg mail train, due at mid
night, only arrived this morning. It
i was crowded with refugees, who re
ported that the train was sidetracked
at Standerton. Transvaal, to make way
for trains carrying burghers to the
Natal border. A body of police ar
rived here to-day from Charlestown.
Four thousand Boers are at Raid Print
and Volksrust, just beyond the Natal
j border. The Natal police are being
! called in from outlying stations, and
| the local troops and carbineers are
; mobilizing for the defense of Nevv
| castle.
VAUGHAN SAYS WAR
WOULD BE GREAT CRIME
LONDON, Oct. I.— Cardinal Herbert
"Vaughan, Archbishop of Westminster.
preaching in the pro-cathedral to-day,
! referred to the Transvaal crisis, say
, ing:
"War is still trembling: in the bal
ance, and a great responsibility rests
j upon those deputed to safeguard the
I welfare of the British nation. An un
| just or an unnecessary war would be a
great national crime, deserving divine
chastisement, because it would be an
offense against God and mankind.
Realizing the awfulness of war, the
Catholic churches in London are to
day offering prayers to Almighty God
that light and strength and courage be
given to those responsible for the in
terests of the nation, and that they
may be led to what is right and just."
TWENTY THOUSAND ARMED
BOERS ON THE BORDERS
LONDON. Oct. 2.— The special corre
spondent of the Daily Mall at Petermar-
Itzburg, Natal, describing a train journey
with a Boer command, says: "The burg
hers were hilarious and insulted the pas
sengers, and fired from the carriages at
two burghers, thus killing each other.
Their firing also broke the telegraph wire,
thus facilitating the escape of fugitives
from Johannesburg. They are now pre
venting the receipt of telegrams by order
ing their detention at Volksrust. The
Bechuanaland natives have been engaged
for a week or so In practicing witchcraft,
preparing to go on the warpath. The
ceremonies consisted of slowly torturing
to death oxen representing the Boers and
the British. These sacrifices, according
to the native reports, indicated that the
Boers would be victorious."
The special correspondent of the Morn
ing Post at Petermarltzburg says: "I un
derstand that Commandant General Jou
bert will not command in the fields. He
Intends to return to Pretoria. His hurried
visit to the front was to hold the young
Boers in check. Schalkburgher of the
executive council will command the Boers
on the Delagoa Bpy frontier."
The Daily Telegraph publishes a dis
patch from Pretoria giving the Boer view
of the situation. Its correspondent says:
"Young and old are fully determined * to
fight, whatever may be said to the con
trary. Large numbers of English and
Continued on Second Page.
HANNA DECLARES IT IS
AN INSULT TO DEWEY
Protests Against the Placing of the Ad
miral's Name on the List of Prospec
tive Presidential Candidates.
PITTSBURG, Oct. I.— The Post to-morrow will say: United States Sena
tor Mark Hanna says this of the possibility of Admiral Dewey for the
Presidency:
"The practice of continually placing the name of Admiral Dewey on the
list of prospective Presidential candidates is indecent. It is an insult and a
great injustice to the hero of Manila, as he himself has frequently said that
nothing in the world would induce him to run for President or any other
political office. To force upon this brave and gallant sailor the need of
again and again declaring he will not accept any political office is, In my
opinion, contemptible and places this man of integrity, stern purpose and
determination in the ranks of those shifting aspirants for political honors
who have not the stamina to resist the flattery or blandishments of political
schemers."
The Senator, when asked if Mr. McKinley would positively be a candidate
for the Presidency again, said everything pointed that way.
NEW YORK. Oct. I.— The func
tions and the receptions that
have figured so .prominently in
the daJly life of Admiral Dewey
since hi 6 arrival off Sandy Hook
last Tuesday morning have proved al
most too much for his strength. The
admiral has been under such a per
petual physical and nervous strain
that he is now almost exhausted. Sat
urday's ceremonies were the most tax
ing on his strength of any that he has
yet had to undergo, and he appeared
to-day looking pale and worn, despite
the fact that he retired early Sat
urday evening and had a good
night's rest. The admiral to-day was
too fatigued to more than remain in
his room the greater part of the time
and rest quietly.
At 10 o'clock Admiral Dewey had an
engagement to meet the Chicago
Dewey committee, and before he came
down sent a message to Mayor Carter
Harrison requesting that he be not ex
pected to shake hands with the mem
bers of the committee. The admiral
explained this request by saying that
he had had so much hand-shaking
on Saturday that his hand pained him
severely.
Admiral Dewey rose early this morn
ing, however, sending for a cup of tea
at 6 o'clock. Shortly after he ordered
a light breakfast, which was sent to his
apartments, and which he ate alone.
When the admiral had finished his
breakfast he sent for his private physi
cian. Dr. Percy, who was closeted with
him for a few minutes. Admiral Dewey
later called on the Members of his fam
ily and his relatives and chatted with
(hem for fully an hour. He received
Mayor Van Wyck at 9 o'clock. Mayor
Van Wyck acted as an escort to the
admiral throughout the day. He was
present in the admiral's room, he es
corted him down to the parlor, where
the Chicago delegation was to be re
ceived, and was the only representa
tive of the city In caring for its gal
lant guest.
There were many callers at the Wal
dorf-Astoria who wished to send cards
to Admiral Dewey. but few were per
mitted to do so, the admiral's fatigue
being given as the reason.
The del' 'on from Philadelphia,
headed by Mayor Samuel H. Ashbridge,
arrived early in the day, slipped into a
parlor on the Thirty-third street side of
the hotel, and were disposed of in a
very few minutes. The admiral came
in, said "good morning" to all and then
greeted Mayor Ashbridge. who lost r.o
time in telling just what they were
there for. He handed the admiral an
album containing the resolutions pass
ed by the Philadelphia City Council, ex
tending the invitation officially and of
fering the freedom of the city. Mayor
Ashbridge said: "We know that you
have many engagements and we do not
ask you to come at any special time.
We can only assure yoti that when you
do come you will receive a most hearty
welcome."
"I feel very much honored," replied
the admiral, "to receive the invitation.
I will go to Phil -ielphia. but I cannot
say now when I ill be there, although
I would be glad '.o be able to do so."
Before the applause could get a fair
start he bowed himself out. The Phila
delphians were gratified at the result
of their visit and went away satisfied
that they would some day welcome him
in the Quaker City.
At 9:15 Mayor Carter Harrison, ac
companied by Zina R. Carter, one of
the committeemen, arrived at the ho
tel. The other members of the com
mittee came straggling in, and at 9:50
they were all present. The doors of
the" big ballroom on the Waldorf side
were then thrown open, and the mem
bers of the committee, headed by
Mayor Harrison, entered the room.
Mayor Harrison then said to the com
mittee:
You all know that Admiral Dewey is a
modest man, and a man who dislikes
speeches, and who has but little patience
with the' American habit of handshaking.
He has had so many people to shake
hands with since he arrived in this hos
pitable city that his hands and arms are
giving out". He has just now sent word
to me to ask that at the conclusion of
the invitatton for him to visit our city
there be no attempt on the part of the
committee to shake hands with him. I
know you would all be glad to have him
take your hand, but I am certain you
must appreciate the situation, and I ask
as a personal favor that you honor his
request To not do so might prejudice
him against Chicago, and we are here for
the purpose of asking him to visit us.
Wait until we get him in our own city,
then we will take chances on shaKlng
hands with him.
Promptly at 10 o'clock Admiral
Dewey came into the room. He wore a
civilian suit, with frock coat and dark
trousers, and carried no hat. The in
stant he appeared there was a burst
of applause. He saluted and said:
'•Good morning, all."
Admiral Dewey met Mayor Harrison
as he advanced with a cordial greeting.
Mayor Harrison said:
Admiral Dewey. I appreciate your dis
like for set speeches, and have therefore
none to make. I only want to say that I
thank you in behalf of the Chicago com
mittee for the honor done us by your
receiving us here this morning. It is an
honor second to none in the land. And
now I wish to extend to you, on behalf
of the committee and on behalf of the
city of Chicago, an invitation to come to
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
our city. "We wish you to come to us
rDecX e t ( yOU ? lay see m - We make no
specific time, hut We would be glad to
PreV 'm ,£&, us on October 9. when
th lnvinV M ," h. lnley Is to be present at
Postnffl^f U& cnrne r-stone of our new'
Derhfl?, in 2 h " e We may not be able >
Wion ' a^ V " you as elaborate a cele
w-is v«t 1 as perfert a ceremony as:
yon ™ day 5' we can a" l 3 do Promise
vn rTin^ Ual de * ree of enthusiasm. If
the invMt a °ti come to us now then consider
vnur n«L n a ? tandln^ One and come at
maHnitt-H re i now hand vf)U the for
mal invitation of the committee.
Admiral Dewey received the invita
tion that Mayor Harrison extended to
him. He had the invitation in his hand,
and turned its pages. As he continued
to turn over the leaves he glanced ■ up
and said:
Mr. Mayor and members of the com
mittee Vl c honor is mine. I consider it
a *. r 1 at honor to be waited upon by such
a delegation as this and I consider it a
peater honor that the invitation is put
In such a nice way. allowing me to set
my own time to visit your city. I wish
1 could go to your city to-morrow, but
that is impossible. As you know. I am
soon due in Washington. Then I must
go to y ermont. I must have some rest,
and I have not been there for years. It
is my great regret that I cannot go at
once to your city. I wish so much I
could be there when President McKinley
£111 be there. I have a great regard for
Chicago. It is a great city, and during
the last year some of the grandest letters
I have ever received came from Chicago.
I thank you, Mr. Mayor, and I thank you
Cnicagoans.
As Admiral Dewey eoncluT 1 there
was a moment's pause. Each of the
two principals seemed to hesitate. At
that instant some one in the front of
the crowd stepped forward to shake
hands with the admiral. Mayor Har
rison quickly interposed himself be
tween the admiral and the enthusiastic
Westerner, saying, a he placed his
hand on the maiss shoulder, "Don't do
that, please; don't, ask the admiral to
shake hands this morning."
The man stepped back into the
crowd. Admiral Dewey seemed much
embarrassed by the incident, and he
first held out his hand and then with
drew it. Mayor Van Wyck then seized
the opportunity thus offered to get
away, and, placing his hand under the
elbow of Admiral Dewey's right arm,
escorted him out through the door. As
Admiral Dewey was leaving the room
there was a burst of applause, and he
turned and waved a salute with his
hand as he disappeared behind a heavy
curtain.
Mayor Harrison expressed himself as
well pleased with the reception given
him and the committee. When asked
if he thought Admiral Dewey would
go to Chicago he looked surprised and
said: "Go? Of course he will. Didn't
he say he would go some time. That's
all we care for— to get his promise to
go whenever he pleased."
Ferdinand W. Peck. United States
Commissioner to the Paris Exposition,
was among the Chicagoans to-day, and
said: "When Admiral Dewey goes to
Chicago he can have the whole town,
the county and the State."
The corridors of the Waldorf-As
toria were thronged all day with peo
ple anxious to catch even a glimpse of
the great admiral. Early in the morn
ing they began to come in, and they
were coming and going all day. But
none of them were given the pleasure
of seeing Dewey. He was not down in
the corridors of the hotel at any time.
When he was escorted to the room in
which he met the Chicago delegation he
was taken down a private stairway,
and returned the same way. In every
conceivable manner his movements
were guarded to keep the curious crowd
from getting near him.
Admiral Dewey will leave the Wal
dorf-Astoria to-morrow at 12:15 o'clock
on his journey to Washington. The
trip from Jersey City to Washington
will be made on the most elaborate spe
cial train ever run by the Pennsyl
vania road. Admiral Dewey's per
sonal party will consist of himself, his
son, George B. Dewey; his brother,
Charles Dewey, and wife; Captain
Lamberton and wife. Flag Lieutenant
Brumby and Lieutenant Caldwell. A
special car will be provided for the ad
miral. In addition the following naval
officers, as special guests, will also ac
company the party: Rear Admirals
Sampson, Schley, Philip and Casey,
Captains C. D. Sigsbee and Robley D.
Evans, Commander E. P. Wood and
Ensign F. L. Bennett. General Miles
will also be in the party.
The card clerk at the office sent up
stairs to Admiral Dewey's apartments
several hundred cards and refused to
send up nearly as many more. No one
waH permitted to disturb the admiral.
Even his relatives, not excepting his
brother Charles, kept away, hoping
that their absence from his side would
have some weight with the outsiders
and keep everybody away. Along about
4 o'clock a party of three turned up at
the desk and handed three cards to the
clerk. Upon them were Inscribed the
names of Captain W. H. Reeder, U. S.
N.; Captain George C. Reiter, U. S. N.,
and Charles Cramp of Philadelphia.
The admiral invited them 'up and they
remained with him twenty minutes.
Captain Reeder, who is the command
ant of St. Mary's Navy-yard, said that
they were all old friends of the admiral.
At 7 o'clock the admiral dined with
his brother Charles and wife, his son.2
BATTLE OF OFFICERS
WITH TWO TRAMPS
John Leonard and Herbert Glover, two
tramps arrested and lodged In the wooden
calaboose at Orange on Thursday night,
opened fire on Constable W. T. Bush and
Night Watchman James Murray, who
opened the door of the pen some hours
later to take the men to the County. Jail
at Santa Ana.
Both officers returned the fire, and after
nine shots had been exchanged Murray
■ mortally wounded one of the men and the
other, surrendered. Both prisoners were
brought to Santa Ana, where the wound
ed man died. The dead man Is Herbert
Glover, 23 years of age. who has an uncle,
• L. S. Glover, In business in San Diego.
•' The r Other. John Leonard, is a cowboy
• from Arizona, and they were part of a
• ' pang that recently burglarized a hard
ware store In San Bernardino and got
• . considerable plunder.
■ '"..> An inquest held on Glover's body exon
erated Murray from blame and rendered
' a verdict of Justifiable homicide. Leonard,
■ the. dead tramp's partner, swore that the
.guns used by them were supplied through
• .the Jail wicket by a confederate from the
'. outside.
'. Leonard was arraigned Saturday on a
. • charge of assault on an officer with In
■ ' tent to murder, and held for trial in the
\ Superior Court. Glover's father, George
.■• C. .Glover of Springfield, 111., was notified
.- of his son's death, and wired the Sheriff
George, and Lieutenants Brumby and
[well. The admiral retired at 9:30.
■;My brother told us to-day," said
Charles Dewey later In the day. "that
he <3!d not begin fully to appreciate the
extent and nature of his reception hore
until he aliprht'-d at the Battery yester
dny morning and started up Broadway.
Of course, he saw the people lining the
river during the naval parade, but he
war not close enough to catch their ex
pression and that is what impressed
him coming up Broadway. In speak
ing of the parade he said it was a mag
nificent thing to see bo many people
smiling and to feel that they were smil
ing at him."
WASHINGTON IS
READY TO WELCOME
ADMIRAL DEWEY
WASHINGTON, Oct. I.— Elaborate
preparations have been made to giw
Admiral Dewey a glorious and misrhty
welcome when he returns to Washing
ton Monday evening the nation's hero.
His arrival In th-- city will be signalized
by an admiral's saliitn of seventeen
guns and a pandemonium of noise from
all the cannon, bells and steam whistles
in or about the city. From this time
until late in th^ night hi? presence will
let loose the kindled enthusiasm of the
thousands who have been eagerly
awaiting his fuming.
A civic parade of 12.000 men is only a
small part of the first night's'proceed
ings, for an immense throng of the peo
ple will file before him for an hour.
their number being limited only by the
broad width of Pennsylvania avenue.
He and the President will occupy a
reviewing stand built just south of the
Treasury building and facing Pennsyl
vania avenue.
Tuesday will be the great day of the
celebration; however, for then Admiral
Dewey is to be escorted ft) the Capitol
by the President and his Cabinet and a
fine military escort and presented the
sword voted to him by Congress. The
admiral will ride in the same carriage
with the President. The exercises will
be brief. They will take place on a re
viewing stand erected on the east front
of the Capitol and facing the broad es
planade on which many thousands of
people gather every four years to wit
ness, the inauguration ceremonies. A
larger crowd than witnessed any of
these Presidential exercises will fill the
grounds. Eight State Governors with
their staffs v ill be among those who
will do Admiral Dewey honor. They
are: Governors Woloott of Massachu
setts, Powers of Maine, Pingree of.
Mlchjgan. Smith of Vermont, Rollins of
New Hampshire, Atkinson of West Vir
ginia, Lowndes of Maryland and Tyler
of Virginia.
While here Admiral Dewey will be
the guest of Mrs. Washington McLean,
mother of John R. McLean. Democratic
candidate ' for Governor of . Ohio. Mrs.
McLean has a fine house on X street,
opposite Farragut Square and not' far
from." the Capitol. The city has hot
been elaborately decorated yet for the
occasion, but the promises of the local
corrlmittee of arrangements apparently
insure a great show of flags, bunting
and decorations, while an extensive
reworks display has been arranged.
The weather promises to be fine. The
programme of Monday's event is as fol
lows!
p. m.— Admiral's salute as special
train "-arrives at Washington, Sixth street
I, Reception a.l Btation to the Ad
miral: by ill'- chairman of the reception
committee. Party take carriages.
7 ]■ m.— Thjnl United Hirit<s Cavalry,
guard o-f honor, escorts the Admiral and
up p« nnsylvanla avenue, Fifteenth
street, to the Executive Mansion.
T:l'i to 7 :30— Secretary of the Navy re
ceives tho Admiral at the Executive
Mansion- tn the Kant room and then pre-
Bentrf-'him to the President.
7:45 to 8 p. m.— Party consisting of the
President, members of th<- Cabinet, Ad
miral" Dewey and aides, members of the
reception committee and escort from sta
tion- leave Executive Mansion, proceeding
through the south grounds of the Ex
ecutive Mansion to the southeast gate and
thence to reviewing stand.
S to S:l" p. m. — Head of parade arrives
at reviewing stand. General Illumination
of Pennsylvania avenue with search
lights, red lire, arches of Roman candles
lanterns, torches, etc. Illumination oi.
lapitol, mounment, city posioffl.ee and
other public buildings.
10:30 p. m.— The people will pass in re
view. .. social -illumination along line of
t. General, illumination and demon
stration. Admiral Dewey escorted to the
residence of Mrs. Washington McLean,
Connecticut avenue and X street.
The civic parade mentioned will
number about 12,000 men and will in
clude Grand Army, Spanish-American
war and. other military organiza
tions, labor and society organizations
and other uniformed bodies. After this
parade has gone by will come a general
march past the reviewing stand by as
many people as can pass up the avenue
In the hour that Admiral Dewey has
consented to add to the original pro
at Santa Ana: "You killed him; you bury
him. " The body was accordingly buried
in Pottersfield.
gramme for this purpose. Tuesday's
programme Is as follows:
10:30 a. m.— Military and civil escort of
Admiral Dewey and the President to the
Capitol. _
12 noon— Exercises at Capitol. Presi
dent's salute, music, by Marine band
■star Spangled Banner", introduction of
chairman of the meeting. R. R >ss Perry,
by \V\ H. Moses, chairman committee at
undred. Address of welcome by R.
Ross Perry, chairman of commits
reception ' Address and presentation of
sword voted Admiral Dewey by <'"::eress,
by Hon. John D. Long, Secretai f the
Navy. Acceptance by Admiral Dewey.
Music by the Marine hand, "America."
1:10 p. m. — Review of escort by Dewey
at east front of capitol.
2 p. m.— Admiral Dewey escorted to
residence of Mrs. Washington McLean by
civic escort.
« p. m.— Dinner at Executive Mansion in
honor of Admiral Dewey.
TUESDAY THE TIME
FOR WAR TO BEGIN
Continued from First Pace.
other Outlanders have enrolled them
selves In defense of th<*ir adopted country.
The highest Government official! throw
all the blame of hostilities on the British
Government. They would gladly avoid
war if that were possible, and they could
have done so. they say. had there been a
grain of friendliness in the British dis
patches. . Even now President Kruger
would personally appeal to the Queen and
Lord Salisbury but that such an act
would.be construed as weakness."
The special correspondent of the Stand
ard at Newcastle; Natal, describing the
flight from Johannesburg;, says: "The
train occupied nearly twice its usual time,
owingto stoppages to allow precedence to
trains going with burghers to the front.
The passengers suffered great Inconveni
ence, particularly the women and children.
being unable to get food. The men were
drenched with the rain in the open trucks.
British and Dutch were being com
mand. when I left and their goods
were being seised. So far as I can learn
there are undoubtedly at least 20,000 armed
Boer*, well horsed, at different poll on
the border, especially in the direction of
Natal. They boast of their intention of
invading Natal on Wednesday next and
of sweeping the British into the sea. It
certainly looks as though Natal would be
invaded in force. The burghers seem
sturdy folk. They are dressed in a va
riety "<. i' costumes. The chief defect dis
cernible is the large number of officials
of Inferior physique who accompany the,
troops. These ire likely to prove a source
of weakness. From Johannesburg to
Volksrust the greatest enthusiasm seemed
to prevail. It is estimated that 20,000
Boers, with field guns, now command all
the heights within a fifteen-mile radius
from Charlcstown."
The Pretoria correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle, telegraphing at noon Sunday,
says :
"I have seen the leading members of the
executive of the Transvaal, who desire,
through the Daily Chronicle, at the last
moment, to ask what the two kindred
nations are going to fight about. They
point to the fact that a large number of
Outlanders of all nationalities are arming
in defense of the republic. They point to
the unanimity of ' feeling in the Orange
Free State, which, they say, should make
England pause. They aim at a union with
England like that of Scotland, not Ire
land, and they urge that it will be a war
like the war which lost England her
American colonies and that It will bene
fit neither the English nor the capitalists.
The greatest excitement prevails here.
Thirty-six trains with armed burghers
were dispatched Saturday amid terribly
pathetic scenes. * Thousands of refugees,
white. Malays and Kaffirs, have gone to
the Cape in open trucks. Strict orders
have been issued to the Boer commanders
on the frontier to restrain their men from
firing. The rains have begun to fall and
plenty of forage will soon be obtainable."
NEW AUSTRIAN
CABINET IS ANNOUNCED
Count Clary, Intrusted With the Task
by the Emperor, Made
the Selections.
VIENNA, Oct. I.— Count Clary, who was
intrusted by Emperor Francis Josoph with
the task of forming a new Cabinet, has
announced the following-:
President of the Council and Minister of !
Agriculture, Count Clan.
Interior. Herr Kerber.
Railways, Dr. H. yon Witte.
National Defense, Count Welsorshelmb.
Justice, Herr Kindinger.
Finance, Baron yon Kolbonsteiner.
Education, Dr. W. yon Hartel.
Discovery of a Comet.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., Oct. I.— A tele
gram has been ' received at the Harvard
College Observatory stating that a comet
was discovered by Gacooblni at Nice Sep
tember 23, 313 Greenwich, mean time in
R. A. IGh 26m 32h and dec. five degrees
10m. Dally motion in R. A. 'an Is, daily
motion In R. A., dec. 0 degrees 10m.
♦
Baron Somers Dead
LONDON*. Oct. 1.-Philip Reginald
Cocks (Baron Somersj died to-day in his
eighty-fifth year.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
dructrtet" refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. \V. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1899.
SOUTHERN PORTION OF
ELMIRA IS IN ASHES
Occidental Hotel and Many Busi
ness Houses and Residences
Swept Away.
ELMIRA, Oct. I.— Fire broke out in I
Allison's Hall shortly after 10 o'clock \
to-night, and spread with such fright.- '
i ful rapidity that the whole southern |
i portion of the town is now in ashes.
The blaze was first discovered by J. j
IF. Gwin, night operator at the rail- \
j road depot. Within half an hour after ;
j he had given the alarm Allison's Hall i
I and the Occidental Hotel, immediately j
I adjoining it, were in ashes, and the |
flames, fanned by a strong wind, were j
rapidly spreading to the south. The en- !
tire town was aroused in a short time, :
I and hundreds of men volunteered their
services, but the facilities for fighting
fire are totally inadequate, and the •
. most that the volunteers could do was ;
I remove furniture from houses directly
: In the path of the flames.
Allison's Hall and the Occidental Ho
' tel, with their contents were totally de- j
stroyed. The hotel building was owned i
by F. P. Frlmm of Redding and leased
by Martin Ennor, who intended to sell
out on Tuesday. The building was
valued at $8000 and the contents at
I $2500. The guests in the hotel lost all
their personal effects. The homes of
R. Dresner. Charles Losee, Abe Rust,
O M Howard, B. L. Irons, J. W. Pear
i son Dr. Haile, F. B. Chandler, Green I
HEMMED IN BY
A FOREST FIRE
Narrow Escape of Two
San Diego Men.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO. Oct. I.— Fletcher Court
ney and George H*>ylmann, young men
of this city, have returned from Falomar
Mountain, in the northern part of the
county, with a tale of hardship. They
were out on a prospecting trip and were
encamped on the Bouthern side of the
mountain when the great forest fire of a
few days ago raged over the summit of
the mountain, destroying hundreds of
acre* ' : largi pine and oak trees, some of
the pines being nearly 100 feet In height.
Although several miles from the tire,
the young men could plainly see the
names in the sky and hear the roaring
made by the conflagration, and they left
ramp and went up to get a better view of
the s; f-ctacle. When about to return
Courtney and Heylmann discovered that
the fire had crept around them and was
advancing from all sides and threatening
to ir, mate them. The apparent impossi
bility of escape almost paralyzed the
young men, ana, believing that they were
ed, an agreement was made to shoot
themselves with the guns they carried
rather than be burned to death. Before
the tire reached them, however, their bet
t.r Judgment returned and they decided
to cover their heads with their coats and
make an attempt to escape through the
burning trees. Courtney stumbled on a
rock before going far and burned his
hands severely pn the blazing branches
which hud fallen to the ground.
When the two succeeded in reaching the
op.n they discovered that their camp had
been swept over by the tire, destroying
all their possessions. They were compelled
to walk several miles down the mountain
for food and to Escondido, a distance of
twenty miles, before they could procure
transportation to this city.
Portuguese Convention
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. I.— Delegates to the
Portuguese Union convention arrived to
day and were received at the depot with
a band. The annual session begins to
morrow and will last the entire week. The
delegates will attend high mass at the
Catholic church to-morrow. The organi
zation is fraternal and beneficiary, and
has about 3(XM) members.
Lecture at Stanford.
STANFORD T'NIVERSITY, Oct. I.—
Manager Friedlander of the junior
"quad" h.in just announced that he has
engaged John E. Kellerd. the leading man
of the Modjeska company, to give a lec
ture and recital In the university chapel
next Friday for the benefit of the college
annual. The reputation of Mr. Kellerd as
an artist insures that the venture will be
a success.
Powder Mill Victims Buried.
SANTA CRT'Z, Oct. I.— The funeral of
J. Steiner and L. Larsen, who were killed
In the recent powder explosion, took place
this afternoon from the Congregational
Church. The employes of the powder
mill escorted the remains to the cemetery.
Rev. J. H. Orr officiated.
Robbers Loot a Bank.
SEPALIA, Mo., Oct. I.— The safe of the
Bank of Houstonia at Houstonia, Mo.,
was blown open by burglars last night.
The robbers are reported to have secured
120,000, but Cashier W. F. Longan says
the bank lost only $1100.
Punished for Surrendering.
MADRID, Oct. I.— The supreme council
of war has ordered that General Jauden
be placed on the reserve list for the sur
render of Manila to. Admiral Dewey and
General Merritt
Tanner the Faster Outdone.
It Is the prevailing impression, fostered
by the practices of men like Succi and Dr.
Tanner, that in order to endure a long
fast a man must absolutely refrain from
physical exercise and devote his whole
time to caring for himself. Milton Rath
bun a merchant of Mount Vernon, N. V.,
has proved that this is a fallacy, so far
as it applies to his own case at least.
He recently went twenty-eight days with
out nourishment without letting up for
a moment on the daily routine of his
business. Mr. Rathbun Is f>2 years of age,
a prosperous and wealthy man, with noth
ing unusual or cranky In his make-up or
ways of life. He fasted simply because
he wanted to reduce his weight, fearing
that Its gradual increase might bring on
apoplexy. He succeeded in his efforts. He
wi tghed 210 pounds when he stopped eat
ing; when he resumed at the end of twen
ty-eight days he tipped the scale at 168
pounds — a loss of forty-two pounds of
flesh. A singular fact in Mr. Rathbun'a
experience was that after the first twentjr
four hours he experienced no sense of
hunger at all, and had no unpleasant
sensations of any kind. He slept and
worked in the regular way, his mind
clear and his strength unabated to the
end. He drank copiously of water dur
ing the period, but took nothing else.
When ho began to eat again he took only
a little food at first, increasing the
amount gradually until, within a few
days, he was back to his former routine
of diet. Mr. Rathbun holds to the theory
that the average man eats far more than
necessary for his health or comfort, and
that an occasional period of absolute ab
stention from food for several days is
good for the system. This theory cer
tainly has the support of Mr. Rathbun's
own practice.— Leslie's Weekly.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAVRE— Arrived October I— Str La Bretagne
from New York.
SOVTHAMPTON-Salled October I— Str Fred
erick rJer Grosse, from Bremen, for New York
QUEENSTOWX— SaiIed October I— Str Urn
bria, from Liverpool, for New York.
Brown, F. L. Selectman and G. W. '■
Linsley, the Methodist Episcopal par- j
sonage, the barber shop of Gua I
Kambs, Kerr's tailor shep, Parker's llv- !
cry stable, Staple's saloon, the High
School building and many small dwell- j
ings with outbuildings fell prey -to the i
flames. The fire finally burned itself j
out.
Mrs. S. Eaton, a guest at the Occi
dental Hotel, was severely burned :
while endeavoring to save a sewing ;
machine which contained her savings
for years and many valuable papers.
The hostler at Parker's livery stable
was also severely burned while rescu- j
ing the horses.
Charles Cadman, the assistant Post
master, was seriously burned while '
carrying sacks of mail and valuable j
papers to a place of safety. Dave
Eastman was burned, and it is feared,
injured internally.
The loss is estimated at $60,000, but
owing to the excitement the amount of
Insurance on the burned buildings can
not he ascertained. The burned district
Includes some of the finest residences
and business houses In the city. Had
it not been for the prompt warning
given by Gwin there might have been
many fatalities, as a number of the
people whose homes were destroyed,
had already retired for the night.
MINERS GIVEN A
HEARTY WELCOME
Visit to Champion and
Providence Mines.
Special Disratch to The Call.
COLFAX, Oct. I.— Nevada City, the
queen city of the Sierras, gave a royal re
ception to-day to the mining engineers,
and alter Grass Valley's splendid enter
tainment of Yesterday the hundred visit
ors have gained a lasting impression of
Nevada county's mineral gteatasss and
the quod fellowship of its people. This
morning Secretary Raymond and a dozen
others decided to stay in Grass Valley for
rest and church and quiet visits to more
mines. The remainder of the party, ar
rived in Nevada City by special narrow
gauge train In the forenoon. Citizens'
committees and many other volunteers
worked the arrangements perfectly.
The chief features of the day were vis
its to the gerat Champion and Providence
mines and mills, side by side, a mile from
town. At the Champion a line luncheon
was ready in the hoisting works, with un
limited champagne. A similar luncheon
was given at the Providence. In the
Champion mine 1400 candles burned along
the 2200-foot shaft and lower workings.
and BpeciaJ board walks were- laid along
■ •■ f drifts. The depths of both
mines were visited. The guests learned
that each mine has produced nearly seven
million dollars and is now greater than
ever. .
After dinner and band concerts in town
the party returned to C<»lfax for to-mor
row's trips to Dutch Fiat, Auburn and
Sacramento, Fred Zeitter, superintendent
of the Champion, and the leading spirit
in the entertainment, was doubly cheered
at the depoj,
DISAPPEARING
Are the Picturesque Woodsmen of
Pennsylvania.
One r.f thp most Interesting and pictur
esque types known to backwoods life, the
old-tlnri" lumberman and woodchopper of
the Alkghnnlos. Is now almost n thing of
the post. At the present day the number
of men engaged in that healthful but ar
duous occupation is small compared with
the thousands thai Labored in the f'me for
ests of a quarter of a century ago. The
fine forests of Pennsylvania are thrni
selves only a memory.
The genuine old-time woodsman of the
Allegheny spread of waters cannot be
mistaken. He will be seen In midwinter
always wearing a fur cap, which Is, more
than likely, some long-preserved trophy
of his own rifle or trap. He wears no
coat or waistcoat, hi* body and chest be
ing covered by a heavy flannel or wooli n
shirt— not the gorgeously colored gar
ments of the later-day lumberman, but
good, old-fashioned stuff, such as his
rather used to wear. Trousers of some
warm woolen goods cover his legs. The
new order of woodsmen wear their trous
ers tucked Into a long pair of stockings.
Th^se stockings are often as gorgeous In
varied color as the shirt or jneket h<
affi its, ami their tops ;tre drawn snug to
the leg by a puckering string* the en. is
of the string sometinv •» pnding in fancy
tassels. They wear "num" slio<-.«. The
old-time woodsman's father wore cowhide
boots well greased with tallow, and with
no stockings between ib-ir leather and his
feet; so his sons, or most of them, wear
cowhide boots, greased with tallow, and
no stockings, and declare that thus clad
their ffet are kept warmer than by the
bundling of heavy stockings. The old
timer will defy any one to remember an
instance of any one's feet ever having
been frosted when dressed on the cowhide
boot, no stocking plan. These fast-disap
pearing specimens of the days "when
lumberin' was lumberin' nnd not playln'
circus" also scorn suspenders, or "gal
luses," as they call them.
"A feller can't have his shoulders all
clawed up if he wants to swing an ax or
pull a raft oar," is the rule of these for
est craftsmen.
Clad thus the woodsman Is ready for a
shooting match, a dog fight, a bear hunt,
a log chopping or a mourner meeting. The
mourner meeting Is the backwoods revi
val, conducted usually by some strap
ping. !usty lunged preacher, and generally
at the district schoolhouse. Everybody
within a circuit of five or six miles at
tends the mourner meetings, and fre
quently a majority of the congregation
join the mourners before the revival is
over. But the steadfastness of the back
woods convert Is evidently not to be de
pended upon, for mourners of one winter
are, to a great extent, the mourners of
the next. This doesn't seem to be looked
upon as anything to be unfavorably com
mented upon; on the contrary, some re
gard it as a very commendable action, as
witness the boast of one old-time woods
man:
"I stand high in this here deestrlct, and
I ought to. I been a mourner ev'ry winter
at the mourner meetln's fer bettef'n forty
year."
As a rule these untutored woodsmen are
honest and generous, although always'
boisterous, and it is to be regretted that
they are being replaced by an element so
different in all respects, for to their
sturdy and aggressive character is due
more than to any one thing, the place
Western Pennsylvania enjoys In the esti
mation of the entire country.— New York
Sun.
Science Crowds Out Pallbearers.
The latest novelty in the line of funeral
equipments has just been introduced into
Portland. Tt Is in the nature of a casket
lowering device, which does away with
the pallbearers lowering the body into the
grave. By this new invention the casket
is brought from the hearse and placed on
the device, which is automatic in its op
eration, and at the proper time the un
dertaker touches a spring and the casket
is, by invisible means, lowered quietly
into the grave. Thu* does science smooth
our passage to the cold and silent tomb.—
Portland Oregonlan.
"That burglar is highly educated. Did
you notice how cultivated his speech
was?"
"Yes, I did. He was even so particular
as to speak of his jemmy as 'my abl«
assistant James.' "—Exchange.
NORMAN WINES DIES
IN SANTA BARBARA
Owner of Several Stage Lines and Had
Large Contract With the Government
for Carrying Mail.
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. I.— Norman Wines, the well-known Gov
ernment mail contractor and stage-line owner, dropped dead this Hom
ing at 6 o'clock at his home in this city. He had risen and attended to
some business over the telephone. He had just hung up his telepht*ie
when he fell upon a lounge. His wife heard the fall, and ruehed to hiu.
Phe asked what was the matter, and he replied that he did not know.
These were his last words.
Norman Wines was the owner of several stage lines in California,
Wyoming, Nevada, Idaho and Oregon. Among his lines are the Truckee
and Lake Tahoe and Independence Lakes line, the Mojave, Randsburg
and Independence, lone County; the Santa Barbara and Los Olivos
Stage Company, and many others in other States. He is of the Boomer
& Wines firm, who have many miles of United States mail contracts in
the West. At one time he had charge of the New York mall contracts.
He had Just returned from his San Francisco office for a few months in
this city.
SCOTSMAN'S CREW
UNDER ARREST
Are Caught Laden With
Their Plunder.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MONTREAL, Oct. I.— When the steamer
Montfort reached this port to-day police
j officers arrested twenty-three members of
the Scotsman's crew, laden with plunder.
Twenty officers on the wharf awaited the
vessel's arrival. The policemen were kept
concealed until the gangways were along
! side, when they suddenly swarmed on
board and in a second had rounded up the
Scotsman's crew. It was done so quickly !
that the men had no opportunity of ridding
themselves of any traces of guilt. Half !
a dozen patrol wagons were waiting '
alongside and into these the sailors were j
hustled, amid the jeers and hisses of a !
largo crowd Which had gathered.
"Throw them into the river: ' was the ;
cry that went up.' Had it not been for i
the presence of the police the threat i
•would probably have been carried into j
effect. The men were taken to the Central i
Police Station and stripped. When the ;
search was ended there remained not the '
slightest doubt of pillage and violence |
told by the unlucky passengers of the !
Scotsman.
Among the goods found were jewelry j
of every kind, ladies' dresnes. Bilks and I
! satins, men's wearing apparel and private
papers were even included in the prey.
The will of Mr. defter was taken from
one man. The value of the articles re
covered is placed at $3000.
The Grecian came in about noon and ;
from her the police took nine cattlemen j
who were upon the Scotsman. Upon one
man only was anything of an incriminat
■ Ing nature found.
It is given as a reason why more stolen I
jewelry was not found on the sailors from i
the Grecian that when the ship touched
at Quebec a half-dozen policemen In uni- i
i form boarded her, and that the thieves j
i took alarm and threw their plunder over- !
! board. A diver Is to be sent down In the
morning to search the bottom where the :
j ship lay.
The list of the Scotsman's dead re
j mained unchanged at 11 o'clock to-night. ;
' Rev. Dr. Chalmers, the Congregational ;
! missionary of Hongkong, who was re- j
; ported missing last evening, has been lo
i cated.
He is on board the Dominion line
steamer Ottoman, which arrived at Que
bec this morning, bringing Dr. Chalmers,
i four other passengers and twenty-eight i
of the Scotsman's crew. The captain, the
chief and second and fourth officers still
remain by the ship, and it is supposed
that all the passengers and crew have
been taken off Change Island.
QUEENSTOWN, Oct. 1. — Four passen
gers and twenty-five of the crew of the
British steamer Scotsman, which was
: wrecked September 21 in the Straits of
i Belle Isle while bound from Liverpool to
Montreal, were landed here yesterday by
; the British eteamer Monterey.
USE FOR OLD GLOVES.
Attractive Things Can Be Made Out
of Them.
■\Vhat a problem it is to know what to
:do with our old gloves. Some girls have
boxes and packages of thorn stowed away.
They get them out only now and again,
look at them, think over all the good
times they had when* wearing them at
dances, dinners, eu\, worulcr if the gloves
could possibly be cleaned again, then fold
i them away— still wondering— and say:
I "They are of no use to any one, and yet
! I hate to throw them away; they may
j come in for something some day."
One girl has found use tor them at last,
and this is not one or the "swell" girls
with dozens and dozen* of long gloves to
match every evening gown, but a girl who
had few fairs and who had to be very
careful of them, too, to make them last
the season out.
When her eyes fell upon a hopeless
looking heap of dirty gloves— white and
pale colors— an Inspiration came to her. "I
shall cut off the hands ami make some
thing out of the rent of the kid." She
carefully ripped the seams of the upper
I parts, "cleaned thorn thoroughly with
! naphtha, gasoline and magnesia, accord
i ing to how they were soiled, and then she
I set to work.
Out of the long partß of a pair of pale
pink gants de suede she made a beautiful
1 picture frame simply by pasting the kid
over a cardtxjard frame (the paste only
being put on the back). A card case of
pearl gray kid is another of the protty
things she has made. It is entirely coy
] ered with the kid. sewed neatly together
on the edges, which are finished with
small steel beads.
On the outside is a monogram, em
broidered in steel beads, done, of course,
before the case was covered. Still an
other exceedingly pretty tiling is a book
cover or photograph case.
This she made of two or three pairs of
I pale yellow gants de suede. The piece*
were "too narrow to go the entire width,
so she cut them into strips of equal size,
and when joined she sewed on narrow
gold braid. The whole was bound with
the same and the book tied In with a
band of corn colored satin ribbon.
There seems to be no end to the list of
attractive things she. devises. There are
■ button bags lined with silk and feath'or
stltched on the seams: tobacco pouches
and opera-glass bags done in the «ame
way; card cases and spool cases. Some
she has painted or embroidered; others
she has simply finished off with a bit of
ribbon. And the hands of the gloves out
of which all these pretty things were
made were thrown away? Not at all.
She cut off the tops of the fingers and
gave them to the housemaid to wear when
she cleaned her fireplaces or her brasses
and silver, and she kept some of them to
wear herself when polishing up her own
particular silver trinkets.
Too Many Dogs in Kansas.
Kansas has suffered in past years from
an overproduction of grasshoppers and
Populists. It is now afflicted, it appears,
with a surplusage of dogs. It is long on
dogs, but short on sheep. The secretary
of the Kansas Agricultural Society de
plores this fact in a recent report. He
shows that there are but 200,000 sheep in
the State, while the number of dogs is
176.000. Two years ago the sheep out
numbered the dogs by 30 per cent, while
last year this percentage was reduced to
17. In one county there were 909 dogs to
each sheep, and in twelve selected coun
ties there were 209 dogs to each sheep. If
a similar investigation were made in other
States we doubt not that some of them
would show an equal disproportion of
dogs and sheep. But it is not a good sign
anywhere. Prosperity for the farmer
does not lie along the way of an increase
in the dog crop.— Leslie's Weekly.
Judge— Why did you steal this gentle
man's purse?
Prisoner— l thought the change might do
xne good. — Exchange.
PLAN TO DEPOSE
THE EMPEROR
Unfortunate Ruler of
China Is Doomed.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 1.-The steamer
Olympia reached here this afternoon from
Yokohama. A dispatch from Peking to
the North China Daily News says that
arrangements for the dethronement of
the unfortunate Emperor Kuang Hsu are
proceeding apace. The Empress Dowager's
choice has definitely fallen upon Pu
Tsuan, the 9-year-old son of Duke Tsai
Lan. to succeed Kuans Hsu as Emperor
of China. This imperial candidate can
only speak the Manchu dialect, and
knows no Chinese.
Kuang Hsu has already been urged to
draw up a memorial to the Empress
Dowager asking to be allowed to resign
his throne owing to his chronic illness.
Pretence will be made by the Empress
Dowager to refuse acceptance of the res
ignation and to consider the matter
again. This will be done three times,
and at the third time the resignation is
to be accepted, as showing the Emperor
1 tally anxious to resign.
The troops of Prince Ching and Jung
Lv will be under arms on the occasion of
the dethronement in case something un
toward should happen. Duke Tsai Lan is
a close friend of Prince Ching. and thore
are doubts whether the Jung Lv party
will be satisfied at this further strength
ening of the Ching faction by the ap
pointment of the new Emperor. There
are rumors that perhaps Russia will have
something to say before the dethronement
takes place, as Chinese officials in Fang
tlen have recently reported that Russia
is preparing to send a large force to Pe
king in a few days.
INFLUENCE
Of a Dream Prevented a Mother From
Hiring a Nurse.
It was that absorbing topic, the
stolen baby, Marion Clarke. So inter
ested were the passengers of a crowded
Broadway car that not a few rode past
their destination.
"It happened when Daisy was a
baby," said the big, florid woman,
while the blushes of the beaatiful girl
at her side indicated that she was
Daisy.
"I dreamed one night that she was
stolen from me by a woman. After
long search — the suspense was agoniz
ing — I found her in a big house which
had a peculiar green door and a brass
knocker. The door opened into a little
shoe shop, where a cobbler was at his
bench. The dream was so vivid that I
awakened in a perspiration, and was
hysterical for some time. Long after
the dream had passed from my mind
I had need for a nursegirl. I went to
an intelligence office and was favorably
impressed by a young woman. I did
not give her my address, but told her
I would look up her references, and if
they were satisfactory I would send for
her. The references were all that could
be desired, but instead of writing to
her, as I promised, something told me
to go and see her. I obeyed the impulse.
After changing cars several times I
found myself in an obscure part of
Boston, face to face with the identical
green door and knocker that I had seen
in my dream. Trembling, I knocked.
The door opened into a shoe shop with
a cobbler at his bench. The young
woman I had seen in the intelligence
office came forward to meet me as I
stared at her.
"'I don't want you,' I blurted out.
and, turning, fled from the house.
'"I never could tell how I reached
home, but for months after I never suf
fered Daisy to leave my sight, so fear
ful was I that the woman would find
out where we lived and steal the child
from me."
"Curious!" cried her companions,
while the countenances of the listeners
reflected relief that Daisy had escaped
the clutches of the kidnapers. — New
York Tribune.
Admits His Own Impeachment.
A story is told of two prominent Chi
cago lawyers who several years ago
were regarded as being among the
brightest lawyers the State had pro
duced for a long time. There was great
rivalry between these men, and one day
they were having a heated argument on
the steps of the State House at Spring
field.
"I'll agree to leave it to the first man
we meet," said one of the wrangling
lawyers, fiercely.
"AH right, and that will settle it once
for all — ah, here is Charlie . We'll
leave it to him."
"Charlie," as the man spoken of ap
proached within hearing distance, "we
want you to decide who is the best law
yer in Illinois. We agree to abide by
your decision."
"Well," replied "Charlie," himself an
old practitioner, and well known in the
capital city, "I plead guilty to being the
best lawyer in the State myself.
Both men gasped in astonishment at
his assurance.
"Why, Charlie, how can it be
proved?" inquired the first of the two
Chicagoans.
"You don't have to prove it," replied
the Springfield man; "I admit it, don't
I?"— Chicago Journal.
Betrayed by His Fingers.
A rich American residing in the St.
George's quarter, in Paris, has been for
some time past the victim of systematic
thefts. Bank notes and money -not left
under lock and key disappeared regularly.
M. Cornette, the Commissary of Police,
was informed of the robberies. He found
it would be impossible to keep an effective
watch on the bedroom where the thefts
occurred, but he adopted a stratagem
which turned out successfully. A small
vial containing a mixture of picric acid
and fuschine was placed in a metal case
for holding gold and a few napoleons
were placed on top. In order to get nut
the gold the metal case had to be held up
side down, and then, of course, the chem
ical preparation would run out and stain
the thief's hands a bright and indelible
yellow. As soon as some of the gold was
missed M. Cornette summoned all the
servants to his presence. The valet's fin
gers betrayed him. Realizing the useless
ness of denying when caught yellow-hand
ed, he confessed, and was duly locked up.
— Pittsburg Dispatch.
ADVEBTISEMEITTS.
lil nVrrjV P^ 15
I Will Give $1000
w^^Kfg^^^N. If 1 fail tO Cure any
JB3KS&&&^ :t CANCERorfumwI
/F^aniCvSSS^r^l.^^^ treat t.efore it scat-
ffl&ff' s^'^!^" ters or affects the
f^BSf NoPainl
\ J^f^sSSgj^ /ence. 1000 cancers
V "-sir»> /I now in my offices in
\ " J I alcohol. I.adyattend-
• \. sesffl- i ant. Any hard
j/^g^fibi^"^'-'''' lump anywhere
luTp In a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible. ;
BOOK SENT FREE . - • ,
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of .
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED.!
DR. METERS & CO. have trie largest prac- \
tice and best equipped medical Institution j
on the Pacific Coast. - Established IT years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office E
or by mall. All letters confidential. h
781 Market St., San Francisco, jj
Wk Tggß tm, Mfm wSfc 11
H i% B n m us nil eTaJ
Eu3m
ivisi* OR JORDAN'S great^
{museum of anatomy^
9 (^ 1351 1L&SSS7 ST. tot. Ci i?:i, S.r. W. i
j[ Sf^ The '- ar ? %t Anatomical Museum In the \
L. Kfct®i due»« p«-»itivrl7 eared by the oldest T
V fS_«| s>peci»iiitro tbeCouc. EsL 36 years 9
i $Ts3ll OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
\ BvliSf&S Co»«ultitlon free and strictly private \
A g YSwS Tri nment personally or by letter. A A
\1 if H '°*'" va pur «">e»ery case undertaken. T
BP il 11JP Write for Bnak. PniLONUPHV el i
"11 I' ■4HBIACE, MAILED FREE. (Af
A fl 11 valuable book for turn) . ' ;' \
f 08. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. V
RUPTURE.
K^\TTy^\j ■!<!■: - NO MOKE IRON'
o^BjfS£^^^n§^ Hoops or Steel Springs
Jp^BaßaS^ Rupture retained with ease
fi'^j^S^K. an( ' comfort and thousands racli-
-1 /BL^ cally CURED by DR. PIERCE' 3
% /jO^ Magnetic Elastic Truss. [E7Call at
e^' office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market Bt.,opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco
~ DR PIERCES ,1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BLOOD,iLSVF_R.L!JMGS.
UCHE3W Gleet. Spepmato?Jh»t
aßgwi* I«osdeyt.^l Whites, unnatural lia!
/K«f Ooar»nt«d V charges, or any inflamm*-
JP*W no» to Btrlatura. "• tion. irritation or ui.-enL
oonttcion. tion of mucous m"m
gai»^THEEYAN3 CHEMinuCo. cranes, Non-astringent.
W^ajCINCIHHATI.O JS9H Sold b 2r I>ru«ir«»t-V "
XJlgk g. -. A. 5 a J' sent in plain wrapper
. ■ urcaut Mat oa rauHfc
v Tiffitff^i til Circtuar teat ea rtJoaajt
IA/. X. HESS, : ;
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, &■
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus SpreckeU ~Bl'd»-' ;
Telephone Brown 031. ■* '?
Residence. 821 California «- below Pow«lL: - •
Ban FrancUco. """'•,
— ; . - : •*■;« i
>^VDEWEY,STRONG &CO.^g?^
f<n "PATENTS §E-
. >5^350 MARKET bT&R^^^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD l-SE DAMIAXA BITTEKS THF
great Mexican remedy; gives health *
strength to sexual organa.' Dep^t 3Mjg^l!^
Radway's
Pills
Purely . vegetable, mild and rellahi« r> %
Ehful^rlty complete absorption 5
healthful reeularlty. «"»«»uon and.
For the cure or all disorders n/ th ie& ac T h - : :
regularJtles, Kick Headache Bllim,.^ 111 * 1^ I^*'
or by mall. RADWAT & CoAew"^^FRIENDS OF
CARTER STILL
HAVE HOPES
Application Will Probably
Be Made for a Writ of
Habeas Corpus.
[HIS A LAST CHANCE!
- — «
Suit May Be Brought Against the
I Atlantic Contracting Company,
With Which He Conspired.
# 1
SpooiiU Dispatch to The Call.
. NEW YORK. Oct. I.— "Captain Ober
... Tin M. Carter will probably be taken
from Castle. William to Leavenwortfa on
Tuesday Or Wednesday next to serve
. the Sentence of five years at hard labor
Imposed by the court-martial." paid
< \iptain B. K. Robert's, command of
• Governors Island, to-day. "The actual
time' of his departure will depend upon j
'the orders received from Washington, ]
He is as much a prisoner to-day as j
though he were in the military prison j
■ at Fort Learehworth, except that he is j
not wearing the 'clothing <>f a convict
nor is he engaged in hard labor."
•.:■ Only four visitors called upon Captain j
Carter to-day. . Th first was Abram H. |
Rose of the law fin of .Kellogg-, Rose!
• .«fc Smith; his lawyers Mr. Rose' re- |
'. rn.ained with. him for some time, con- j
•": suiting about the utjexpScted turn in his |
.'..- ease arid the legal.' st»-ps which may be j
: ..'taken.' ■ ' • ' '" ■'. ; [ ..
- r .- Strong -eftortS will be made to prevent j
fj Captain- Carter, from being taken to
" 3F*on 'Leaveh-wiirfh" and with' the influ
■ ence and "money- which Captain Carter
■ has at hi-s command.- his friends hope ;
• something may. be- done that will keep
■ him out of. prison. An application for a j
writ -of habeas; corpus .will probably be j
-:.ihe i first-« =:.-:■ taken in this direction.
■';■• if this ■should, fail", as many believe i
will be' the 'castf,. his last chance will i
' have disappeared, .at least for the pres*- .
■ .finf-- '!■■..:!• "are those, however, who are :
''confident that Captain Carter will not
: ser : v.§ ouf-'his sentence, because .it is j
:;.:.Haid -the -influence if such men as Sen- '
' ; ato'rs I'latt '.a-'H Depew of New York. I
Bacon- of Georgia, Hanna of Ohio, Quay j
.: o.f",Peh'nsyJvanlsl:and Former Senator,
' of New- jersey will continue to |
"Joe- -exercised in his behalf. :
. ■' WASHINGTON, Oct. I.— lt developed I
'■'• to-day that .tin-. Atlantic Contracting
.Company, with- which former Captain
• < >. M. Carter is : said to have conspired,
■.:. 1^ now pressing. a'sult against the Gov
ernment. in the' Court of Claims for
. $4*30,000. ' It alleges that these moneys
-.'.trie due it oh account of work done at ]
Savannah. Ga.; and at Cumberland
■; Sound and not paid for by the Govern- '
ment- in • accordance with the terms of
; the contract under which it commenced j
... the.-improvement. In view of the facts !
: .developed a? a result of Carter's trial '
and '.'brought to light by his review, the !
■Attorney General proposes, it is under
■ stood, to '.fjgrirtally. deny the right of the J
- company 'to'-The money.' '■"
-.' .'Should Secretary Root, after reading
'■- the- Attorney General's written opinion, !
. request It, Mr. Griggs may determine to !
, ■tile at the same time a counter claim j
against' -the Atlantic Contracting Com- !
i pain- for $1,700.00, the amount which j
Captain. Carter is aid to have stolen j
froth the Government as a result of his t
••■onspiracy with he company.' Should!
the Attorney General decide not to take I
i this course, he may bring suit against j
-. Jhe 'defendant company at any point
v/here. service can be made. The civil i
' . s.uit will be separate from the. criminal j
prosecution in. case the Attorney Gen- I
'•■ral should recommend that an action j
■. be ..brought against . members of the
; : company.: The latter proceeding will be I
iHJmmenced either at Savannah or New j
'.York, and- the District Attorney will be i
directed to bring the .facts to the atten- •
x\>.<n of the Grand Jury for the purpose i
Vif pcuripg an indictment. This action j
must -be commenced ■ before next :
• August, otherwise the statute of llmi- i
Station will operate to prevent the. of- I
•fenders from being bf /Ught to trial. I
■'..An examination of the papers on Hie at I
■'. t.)ie department shows that the last'
■' jiayment made to the company was in:
• .AumiFt of IS.i,. LJnder the statute of
•. limitation, an action for a criminal of- j
• f.t'nse must be begun within three years, !
. so that the Attorney General will have
■ to bo prompt In case the administration
. should determine upon the prosecution
: of the company and its mpmi>ers.
It is expected that friends of the com
pany and its members Kill make every
. efEoft;to's prevent their prosecution, but
;.it is appreciated that the circumstance
•'•.ill have to ■•■ especially extenuating!
.' t-.i prevent such procedure in view of j
• the fact that Carter ha 1.- -on found J
guilty of Conspiring with th. company
■..;ind will have to undergo a heavy p<»n- :
.- alty. In the case of Carter himself, it
. vould'mot.be surprising. to the jfTicials
ljf hn should invoke civil authority to se
.' cure at least a stay of the military sen
'once, but so far as the military pro- j
. ■ ---dings are concerned they are closed
■ • and cannot lie reopened without the
consent; of Congress. .
An order setting forth the charges,
specifications, pleas, finding and sen- i
f'tence of the court, the recommendation
V.f the Secretary of War and the Presi- ,
• •'dfnt's recommendation will be made
.'public morrow. It will be sent by
the Government to every army post ami
in every company so that the entire
; service will soon be. officially informed
of Carter's disgrace.
LISTED
ON THE
OIL EXCHANGE
O-jr company is listed on the Cal-
ifornia Oil Exchange. There is
mcr.r-y In oil stock if you make your
inyeiftxneni v/fth the right com-
pany. L< t us explain to you why
we claim •'msr offer" cor.d to no
other. We court the closest Inves-
tigation. Information received
daily from the ■nous Kern River
district.
Our goffer of stock at 60 CENTS
per holds good 'or.ly until Oc-
tober 5.
Pamphlet and map for the asking.
Pii"-k iion-assessable, '
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building.
Open evenings from 7 to S o'clock.
MARCONI IS READY FOR
THE COMING YACHT RACES
Trial Trip Oyer the Course Made by the Calk Herald Steamers
From Which Messages Are Sent Successfully.
NEW YORK, Oct. I.—"Congratula
tions on to-day's successful
■work."
Such was the final message re
ceived by wireless telegraphy by
Signer Marconi aboard the steamship
Ponce to-day from his assistant in
charge of the station at Naveslnk
Highlands, N. J.
With a small party aboard the Ponce
ran down the bay this morning. The
afternoon was spent in slowly cruising
over the course to be followed by the
Columbia and the Shamrock in the in
ternational yacht races this week. Sig-
PREPARING FOR
THK YACHT RACKS
Signor Marconi and assistants
• v.ur nlng a chart of the course
to he sail»d l>y the yachts in the
coming international contests.
nor Marconi made the trip for the pur- ;
pose of giving his apparatus a thor- I
ough test before beginning the report
of the yacht races for the Herald and
The Call, for which the steamers Ponce i
ai"l Grand Duchesse have Iw-n en
gaged. The tests made were satis
factory in every way. No attempt at
great speed in sending or receiving
me??a£;fs was made, hut the general re- I
suits attained fully warranted th>
final message sent by Mr. Bradfield to
his chief.
From th. 1 Ponce messages aegrecat
ine: more than a thousand words were
s< ni i" Navesink, and were perfectly
received. Many of the messages were
sent to friends ashore, and these, no
doubt, will he kept as valued souvenirs
by those receiving them.
Signor Marconi was in better spirits
than usua! to-day, which is saying
much, considering the happy tempera
ment of the man, the reason being that
the last European mail had brought
him information that the last wireless
station established in France v.us In
perfect communication with the pres
( -m station in England, the distant •• .
NEW METHODIST
CHURCH DEDICATED
Ceremony Joined in by
Many Denominations.
Special Dispatch to Th* OalL
BAXTA ROSA. Oct. I.— event of ex
ceptional interest Jn church circles was
consummated here to-day when with ap
propriate and impressive ceremonies the
handsome edifice of the First Methodist
Episcopal church South, situated at the
corner of Fifth and Orchard streets, was
forma dedicated.
The beautiful auditorium had been
tastily decorated for the occasion and the
event was participated in by the con
gregation of the Baptist. Christian, Con
gregational and North Methodist denom
inations in this city. These facts, in con
nection with the announcement that ;
Bishop W. M. Duncan and several other
notables in Methodism would be present
t,r.£ take part in the services, had caused
the building to be crowded to Its utmost
capacity. ;
Bishop Duncan, who visits this coast
to preside at the annual session of the
Pacific annual conference, -which con
venes in Oakland on Wednesday, pre- ,
sided. . ;
At the conclusion of his sermon the i
beautifully decorated edifice was formally !
presented to the congregation by the
beard of trustees, composed of the fol
lowing well known Santa Rosans: Wes
ley Mock Colonel J. A. llardin. A. 11.
Smith David B. Hart, "Wiley Cougbran,
B. W. Hunt. E. D. Carter. Colonel J. S.
Austin and W. J. Earldley, Bishop Dun
can spoke the solemn words of dedication.
The building dedicated to-day is one of
the finest owned by the denomination in
this State. It was erected at a cost of
$35,000, every cent of which has been
paid. The edifice is a striking addition to
the architectural features of the city.
Since 1533 a strong congregation has ex
isted here and the event of to-day was one
long anticipated • with pleasure by the
membership.
. The First Methodist Episcopal Church
South of this city was first made a regu
lar station in 1868. Prier to that time it
had been part of a large circuit known
the sa:n fraxcisco call, Monday, October 2. 1899.
I covered being a trifle more than 110
; miles.
WASHINGTON, Oct. L— ln addition
! to the officers already designated, Seo
i retary Long, in compliance with the
recommendation of Rear Admiral
Bradford, Chief of the Naval Bureau of
Equipment, has directed Lieutenant-
Commander E. F. Qualtrough, equip
ment inspector at New York, to report
upon the operations of the wireless tel
egraphy system for The Call and Her
ald during (he coming' yacht races. Ad
miral Bradford is .satisfied that the offi
cers selected will be able to clearly
judge of the value of the system dur
ing: the practical trial it is soon to un
dergo. Besides Lieutenant-Commander
Qualtroußh, the navy will be repre
sented by Lieutenant John B. Blish,
Lieutenant (Jeorge W. Denfeld and
Lieutenant John T. Newton, all experts
in electricity, and consequently quali
fied to pass Judgment Instructions
given these officers require them to re
port to the Herald office, and then take
station on the Ponce, the Grand
I'uchesse and the cable steamer and at
the Atlantic Highlands. That each of-
ficer may thoroughly investigate the
operation of the system, the instruc
tions given them require" them to ex
change posts. Independent reports will
be made, and Admiral Bradford expects
that their velws will be of great im
portance when the naval experiments
begin.
CAPTAIN EVANS WILL
KEEP THE WAY CLEAR
NEW YORK. Oct. I.— Captain Robley
1 first as the Bodepa circuit and lat^r as
the Santa Rosa circuit. The first church
! building was erected in 18*58. It stands on
' Fifth strr-'t between B and Mendoclno.
■ This buiMing was moved to the site now
occupied by the new edifico in ISS4.
Among the other church notables
present to-day, in addition to Bishop Wil
son were Dr. I. 11. Whtener. secretary
of thf National Board of Church Exten
sion; Dr. < '. B. Rlddick, presiding elder
of the San Francisco district: Rev. R. P.
I Wilson, editor of the Pacific Methodist
Advocate ami Rev. J. A. Bachelor, pastor
1 of the new church.
INVITATION EXTENDED
TO THE PRESIDENT
Special Committee From the Chicago
Fall Festival Calls Upon the
Chief Executive.
WASHINGTON. Oct. I.— The special
committee to invite President McKinley
to the Chicago Fall Festival, durfng
which the new Government building cor- j
nerstone will be laid, arrived to-day. The
party comprises Messrs. Miller, Smith,
Carroll, Hamilton and Rosenthal. Mr.
Carroll, as president of the Building and
Trades Council, represents the labor In
terests in the invitation. They probably
will be received by the President to-mor- j
row afternoon.
CHICAGO, Oct. I.— A special invitation
was sent to-day by the Federal commit
tee to Sir Thomas Ivipton. owner of the
yacht Shamrock, asking him to be Chi
cago's guest at the laying of the corner
stone of the new Federal building next ■
Monday.
Colonel William R. Roberts and George
Cook, who went south to meet the Mcxi
i an party, telegraphed to-day that they
would probably receive the visitors at
Houston, Instead of Eagle Pass. Tex., as I
originally planned, as the train bearing
the Mexican visitors is ahead of schedule
time.
Manuel de Azpeiraz. Mexican Embassa
dor to the United States, will arrive in
Chicago from Washington next Friday.
A movement was begun to-day to se
cure the attendance of the T'nited States
Supreme Court In a body at the corner
stone ceremonies. The Judges will be i
asked to adjourn to permit them to make
the trip.
Prominent Miner Dead.
FL,ACERVII,I,E,'Oct. I.— John Melton.
the leading mining- man of El Dorado
Gsranty and the proprietor of the Ohio
House in this city, died to-day, after one
week's illness. ' . • ■-.-.-. \ '■?.*- ;\
■ ♦ ■
See the new color window, "Keith's." * i
D. Evans, U. S. N., who will be in
charge of the course during the yacht
races the coming week, to-day gave out
! the statement concerning the fleet of
j excursion boats that will follow the
i racers over the course. He said that
I his orders would be imperative, that no
i boat could be allowed to run outside of
j the course designated by the stake
j boats.
"I have gone to considerable trouble
in this matter," said Captain Evans,
| "and I have received orders which I
must follow. I appeal to the masters
of vessels not to crowd ahead or run
! ahead of the wind. A swash from a
! large excursion boat will greatly em
: barrass the sailing of the yachts and it
is to this end that I hope to have the
! rules in detail followed. I have ar-
I ranged for guide boats, and from them
| they can get their course.
"I will regret very deeply the neces
-1 sity of enforcing my powers in this re
! spect, but I do say most emphatically
that any boat that is run outside the
lines established for them, will be im-
mediately sent hack to New York in
charge of a revenue officer. This will
mean the conceling of any license fhit
the master may have and necessarily
will he of great detriment to them."
Captain Evans said that to-morrow
he would send a copy of the rules of the
yacht club as well as the Government
laws on this subject to the master of
each vessel.
Captain Evans will go on the revenue
cutter Manning Tuesday and will be in
the center of the guide ships.
ACTIVE VOLCANO
ON UNGA ISLAND
Phenomena Witnessed
by Harry Lee.
Sr.ecia.l Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. Oct. I.— Harry Lee of Chi
cago has returned from his Becond explor
ing trip along the southern and western
coasts of Alaska, where he has gathered
nearly a complete collection of Alaskan
animals and birds for his private museum.
.He brings news that at least three vol
canoes have been in eruption this sum
mer in Western Alaska, and are still sup
posed to be active. These are the volca
no on Unga Island and two others known I
to the natives as Pavloff and Accutan. j
The latter volcanoes are located west of
Mount f^t. Ellas and north of Cooks Inlet, i
It is possible that one of these was the !
volcano reported to be in eruption several i
days ago by Frank Wilts of Kentucky, |
who spoke of it as Mount Logan.
The natives of Kenai peninsula and \
Cooks.lnlet were awe stricken by the phe- '<■
nomena. The volcano on Unga Island is j
known to have thrown out lava, compell
ing miners and prospectors working at ,
its base to move back.
Accompanied by sportsmen from New
York, Philadelphia and Chicago, Lee will j
go north next year to hunt musk ox and '
Polar bear. These will complete his <ol- i
lection of the large game of North Amer- !
ica. The party will go up the Mackenzie 1
River, and later visit islands in the Arc
tic Ocean and Siberia.
SAYS THE ISTHMIAN
CANAL WILL BE BUILT
Return of Members of the Commis-
sion Who Are to Select a
Feasible Route.
NEW YORK. Oct. I.— Rear Admiral
Walker. Colonel Peter C. Ilalns, Professor
William H. Burr of Columbia College and
Alfred Noble, members of a sub-commit
tee of the commission appointed to report
on a feasible route for a canal across the
Isthmus of Panama, arrived here to-dai'.
on the American line steamer New York.
Rear Admiral Walker, chairman of the
committee, paid that the canal would cer
tainly be Ijuilt, for the project of an
isthmian waterway was entirely feasible.
He said that ho must defer discussing the
when and how of it until after the com
mission had made its final report.
Admiral Walker and his associates of
the sub-committee sailed from here on
August 9 on the St. Louis. Lieutenant
Colonel Oswald A. Ernst, who accompa
nied them on the other side, is still in
Europe. The sub-committee spent about
a month in Paris, where it examined all
records relating to the Panama canal. It
then visited the Ki. 1 canal, Xorth Sle;i
canal, and crossing the channel made Fan
examination of the great Manchester snip
canal. All appliances and locks of canals
were examined.
Rear Admiral Walker said that the com
mittee had seen electricity applied to new
uses in the management of locks. All in
formation with regard to canals will
prove very useful to the commission.
Rear Admiral Walker upon his arrival
drove to the T'niversity Club, and in the
afternoon started on his way to Washing
ton. The committee will spend a few
weeks at the national capital and then
go to the isthmus, where it will spend the
winter.
EXPLORERS FIND RICH
NEW GOLD FIELDS
Located in the Ungavaland District,
a Desolate Region on the Shore
of Hudson Bay.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. I.— The Times
publishes a letter from a correspondent
at Fort Francis. Ontario, under date of
September 20. which says:
"Ungavaland, ;i region as desolate and
unknown as the Klondike was four years
ago, has just bet-n penetrated by a p.trtv
of prospectors, headed by a newspaper
man of this region, and consisting for the
most part of men representing a wealthy
Boston syndicate. From their reports anil
from statements made by a member of
fn<- Canadian Geological Survey, whom i
they found in that region, they have run!
into a new Klondike, and one richer in
diversified minerals, of larger extent and !
easy to reach, compared to the ice des
erts of the Yukon.
About a year ago J. Osborn, editor of
a newspaper of this region, became the j
possessor of a diary that had been the i
records of an old employe of the Hudson
Bay Company. He was astonished to find
it told circumstantially of the discovery
of mineral deposits on the eastern shores
of Hudson Buy. not far from the Whale
River, in what is known as Ungavaland,
one of the last remaining unexplored
tracts of the North American continent.
Mr. Osborn had no difficulty in inducing '
Boston capitalists to provide the funds to
equip an expedition to explore for the !
mineral fields.
Before returning the party found large :
and valuable deposits of gold, silver, cop- •
per. iron, anthracite and lignite, gypsum
and cinnabar. On what tracts the party
discovered mineral th^y have now filed
claims at the Dominion offices in Ottawa.
VOLUNTEERS WELCOMED
HOME AT HEALDSBURG
i Presented With Medals After an En
joyable Reception and
Banquet.
HEALDSBT-RO. Oct. 1.-The local
| theater was crowded last night on the oc
i caslon of the reception tendered by the
people of Healdsburg to her returned
volunteers. The building was beautifully
I decorated with evergreens, flags, etc. An
! address of welcome was delivered by B. I
i M. Norton, which was responded to on !
j behalf of the volunteers by W. B. French, i
i At the conclusion of a literary programme !
| Native Sons of the Golden West medals !
were pinned by young ladies on the ]
breasts of the following volunteers:
Charles Bailey, Clarence Chappel. Fred
: Haigh, Frank Harmon, .1. W. Shearer.
Charles K. Soules, Ernest Bale. Louis
i Belvail. Frank A. Clark. W. B. French.
L. Hall, Fred Merchant. O. O. "Simpson, I
i Oda Waldrop. Louis Passalacqua, E. B.
; Winkler. T. J. Gibson, Charles Bale.
j George Bennett and Roger Gilbride.
j After an hour or two spent in dancing
the volunteers sat flown to a banquet at
: the Sotoyome House, tendered them by ;
: the ladies of Healdsburg. A number of j
Hoaldsburg boys re-enlisted in Manila, |
miri several are expected on the transport \
Tartar. J-I<'nlrisburg and its immediate ,
vicinity enjoys the distinction of having i
furnished more men for service in Uncle I
I Sam's army and navy during the war
i with Spain than any other town of its
i size in the country— sixty-five being her j
! proud record.
HORSES CREMATED IN
A BURNING BARN
Total Destruction of the Livery
Stable of Hutchinson & Swain
in Colorado.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo., Oct. 1 —
At 3 o'clock this morning smoke and
flames were observed Issuing from the
; west side of Hutchinson & Swain's livery
stable in Manitou, known familiarly as
the "Big Barn," and a few moments later
i the entire building was enveloped in
flames.
The big barn, together with forty-two
head of valuable horses and several car
riages, besides two or three store rooms,
i Bervants' quarters and laundry of the
I Barker House, went up in smoke. The
loss is estimated at $25,000.
The horses that were lost in the fire
number, as nearly as can be ascertained,
forty-two head. These include a valuable
pacer belonging to John Nolan, the pri
vate horses of Father Francolon, E. E.
Nichols of the Cliff House and A. Wilson,
who lost several delivery horses and one
lor two carriages. Thirty-five burros in
the big barn were taken out in safety.
The Colorado Springs Fire Department
made the run to the scene, a distance of
more than five miles, in twenty-three
minutes. The origin of the fire is a com
plete mystery.
FINE IMPOSED ON
CAPTAIN DERMOTT
Failed to Procure a Proper Bill of
Health for His Vessel
in China.
TACOMA, Oct. I.— Captain Dermott, the
venerable skipper of the barkentine J. M.
Griffiths and father of Maxine Elliott, ia
in trouble as the result of misstatements
made to him by officials at New Chwang,
China, whence the Griffiths arrived sev
eral days ago.
When he applied for a bill of health at
New Chwang the officials gave him a cer
tificate which they declared was all he
needed, charging him $11 therefor. They
were so emphatic that Dermott failed to
secure a consular bill of health. Arriving
at Port 'fownsend the customs officers
lined the vessel $5000 for lack of a consular
certificate. The fine will be paid under
protest and an appeal taken.
AMERICAN SPIRIT.
Henry W. Rolfe of Chicago Lectures
at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 1.- i
Professor Henry W. Rolfe of Chicago Uni
versity spoke in the chapel this morning,
his topic being "The American Spirit."
Throughout his discourse Professor Rolfe
maintained that, there was an American
spirit; that this spirit was characterised
by the people in peace more than in war.
"The literature of America." he said, "is
characteristic of her people, and is em
bodied in the writing of feuch men as Em
erson and Hawthorne— simple, direct and
free from tradition. Americans are as a
rule inclined too much toward boasting.
When we really find ourselves we will be
too busy to wonder what the world thinks
of us. The American spirit is relatively
unchangeable, and makes democracy dif
ferent here from what it is anywhere else.
As soon as class will sympathize with
class the strife between labor and capital
will cease and perfect harmony ensue.
There is something that we may call the
American spirit, and something that we
may be proud of. Let us feel that this
spirit imposes on us an obligation not only
to think but aiso to act— to consider the
rights of man with man. labor with cap
ital, the duty of stronger nations towjird
the weaker. The Golden Rule is applied
by putting one's self in another"? place
and looking at the facts of the case with
out prejudice."
Congressman Loud Back.
NEW YORK. Oct. I.— Congressman E.
F. Loud of California was a passenger
on the American line steamer New York,
which arrived from Southampton to-d^v.
FEAST OF THE
HOLY ROSARY AT
ST. DOMINIC'S
Eloquent Sermon by
Father Heagan.
♦ —
ROSES LAVISHLY DISTRIBUTED
• • ' . » . ■
FESTIVAL .' OBSERVED - IN ALL
CATHOLIC CHURCHES.
St. Francis Church Will Celebrate
Its Golden Anniversary Next
Sunday — Special Services
During the Week.
The feast of the Most Holy Rosary was
celebrated by the Catholic churches
throughout the city yesterday. The
month of October is -dedicated by nio
church to the blessed virgin.' and the
first Sunday in that month is celebrated
by this form of devotion.
(The services wore especially splendid at
the Church 6f St. Dominic, Stein er and
Bush streets, for it was to St. Dominie
that t lie blessed virgin Mary revealed ihe
devotion of the holy rosary .and com
manded him t*> preach it throughout the
world. An hence, the rosary Das ever
been the special herituge of the Domini
can Order. The seating capacity of the
lofty edifice was taxed to its utmost, even
ttaa aisles being packed with worshipers.
The pillars of the sarvru.iry and the altar
wore beautifully decorated.
'The morning sermon was delivered by
the Rev. Father Heagan. The father
spoke eloquently on the holy rosary and
the significance of the festival as the
peculiar devoiion sacred to the virgin
Mary. He said:
"All Catholics at the mention of her
name glow with love; their souls thrill
with ardor. This is so because of her
virtues and prerogatives. She has fore
told that all nations shall eail her blessed.
She is worthy of this benediction. The
reason of all the grandeurs which aro
hers, is that she is the mother of God.
Devotion to the rosary guides us over
the sea of life to the haven of God."
The music, under thr direction of
Franklin Palmer, was grand and inspir
ing. The offertory solo. "Invocation."
sung by Mr. Wanrell, was exceptionally
fine. During tin- services Mr. Palmer
rendered various selections on the organ
from Wldor, Guilmont, Detheir and Bach.
At the conclusion of the services roses
were blessed mil distributed to the entire
congregation. Then, preceded by the
choir singing the responses and the so
dalities, the congregation marched in
solemn procession round the gray stone
church, chanting blessings on the roses.
At the Church of St. Francis the Rpv
Father McDonald, the assistant pastor
preached on the "Blessed Virgin." A
large congregation was present and gave
the speaker close attention. He said in
part: "The months of May and October
are dedicated by the church to the honor
of the blessed virgin, and on this, the
first of October, we should renew our de
votion to her. She has the power to nelp
us from the very fact that she is a saint
In heaven, and from that fact that she
is also the mother of God. She is willing
to help us. from her own trouble? while
here on this earth."
The evening services were inaugurated
by a procession of :{OO boys and girls
through the church, the choir chanting
responses as Father McDonald gave out
the rosary. Father Lagan of Sacred
Heart parish delivered the sermon in ihe
evening.
Next Sunday the Church of St. Francis
will celebrate its golden anniversary
Founded fifty y§ars ago. it was the first
Catholic church to inaugurate the parish
system in California. Special prav'cr
meetings in preparation for the event
will be held during the week, beginning
Wednesday, and solemn mass will be
celebrated on Sunday
« Overcoats
T^^lfe Now is the time to think about 1
ilil^iP^ Our overcoat or winter. I
. Isn't a "Yeargood" overcoat the |
J^^fe^ first thing that comes to mind I ' .
y/tay|ggp! when you think of overcoats ? I
LutmV'fi °' f course, you want the best I
ifftf 111 overcoat possible for the price. 1
If if If .We think we have it for you. Our I
111 Ml prices are as low as is possible I
=!fiiltt»w or good clothes. 1
"^S N . ' But in addition to our low prices 1
t we protect you for a year, and the j
guarantee that we give shows
plainly that we have faith in our
r~^ ' clothing. lt w must be right in
# every way. must be right in
every way.
\jT We keep our overcoats in re- ■
pair free for one year. I
f«W^ And we return money to the ' S
I ;]v I ;j%|| customer who comes in and says I
■111 118 W he thinks he is entitled to it. I
801 l Mil V *l an you . buy overcoats more 1 1
W\%, . •^■■S'tl ! favorably than this? |
V;-\F^\ -I TJ We have cheviots, kerseys, coy- I
1!2 v^! ;lr> crts ' meltons; oxfords and vicunas 1
l^^^Wli in a^' the shades and patterns. I ■
•j^^|i®| : Prices from $12 ;o to $25. ■ I
Wfw^ 1 Boys' Sailor Suits. E
I .MS ill}i!B v
/■if 'ill' Late fall stvhs, material is all wool heavy I
" ' 111$ I! :(1 ;| blueserse, collar trimmed with soutache in red, B
f, wl -1 jj if blu: or black. Price | ...
swy . \ . *P^ a suit. 1
tPrr a suit; 1
\sn&s/ 718 MARKET ST "^a^i
Out-of-town orders frtled— write us.- i
WILD WINDS OF
THE SEA WROUGHT
HAVOC ON SHIPS
Stanchions Shattered
| by Billows.
! . • :
FATAL FALL OF A SEAMAN
— — : — *~ : ,
DROWNING OF SHIP'S OFFICER
"".'. IN THE BAY.
The Salmon Fleet From the Far North
Brought. Thousands of Cases
of Fish Into Port
Yesterday.
The weather conditions were all favor*
able yesterday, and quite a large fl< '
windjammers came in through the Crate.
, Among- the number were the ship S
from New York; the ship Rahane, from
Newcastle, Kng. : the ship Austrasla, from
Hull and Newcastle, and the hark Inver
cauld, from Swansea, and the ship Pytho
mene, from Newcastle. The salmon fleet
was also represented. Hough weather was
reported by some ot the incoming ships.
! The Pythomene met with two hurricanes.
' The first was encountered August 2»>. and
the second on September :>. In the second
several sails were lost, the topmast back
stay, was carried away and the bulwark
stanchions were started.
The ship Austrasia encountered a heavy
gale. The Servia also reported bad
weather, ami was thirty-seven days from
latitude 30 south to 40 south. The Inver
cauld lost <■■ seaman, Jeremiah Falvey. a
native 01 Cork, who fell from the main
yard on deck and died twelve hours, later.
The Invercauld met with a northwest gale
passing Cape Horn that lasted twenty -
four hours. September 4 the vessel rail
, into a gale thai was blowing with hurri
cane force in latitude -j> degrees 10 min
utes north, longitude us degrees I 1"1" 1 min
utes west, that aid slight damage to the
deck.
The local supply of salmon has been
I very much increased in the past twenty
four hours. The bark Electra brougnt
:>.i«m) cases, the ship St. N'ichoias l::..!: 7
i:is. : ;, and the Indiana had on board IL'.Vh
cases. The St. Nicholas came down under
, the iiinimand of Captain l^eese. with A.
, Anderson as first officer. Captain Olsen
died in the north.
William Denison, a clerk at the Adelphia
House, was taken into the Receiving Hos
pital on the water front yesterday morn
-1 ing in a bad condition. He had a broken
i forearm, a broken femur, a wound on his
right eye and an assortment of cuts and
: bad bruises. After he had been patched
up he said that he had fallen from the top
! of a ledge that runs around above tl:e
first-story windows of the hotel. His cx
i planation was that he went out on the
I'd;;.' to get from one room to another to
! open a door that was locked on the inside
', and that he slipped and fell.
| J. F. Otter con, the second mate of th©
S. C. Allen, was drowned early Sunday
morning at Mission stree twharf. He had
been ( tit with some men and had been
drinking. He went on board of the Allen
; about 2 a. m. Having partly undressed
, he went on deck and fell over the vo«*
-! sel"s side. A launch wa«; beside the Allen
, and upon the rail of this Otterson's he.art
; probably struck. His body was recovered
; yesterday morning.
Captain Verre. with the Indiana, camn
down in thirteen days from Karluk FT*
i met with a .southwest rale on the wav
! Three Chinese passengers who had been
working in the canneries died before th»
! vessel arrived here. Captain Vcrre said
that there were eight ocean steamers and
i three sailing ships at St. Michael when lm
! was there, all loading with coal and sup-
I plies for Cape Xomp, and that business
: was rushing.
His Answer.— Daisy Meddprs Senti
mentally)— Tell me. Abner, why do you
iove me so much? Abner AppleAry (prac
tically)— Darned if F know.— Puck
34
MONDAY i OCTOBER 2, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. _,___._
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts., S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Tern? by Mall. Including: Pontage:
PAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year........? 0.00
DAILY CALL I Deluding Sunday Call), « months 3.00
DAILY CALL, (including Suniay Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ''"«•
6UXDAY CALL '^tip Year i.SO
' WEEKLY CALL One Year I- 00
All postmasters tire authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested,
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
. Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE t
FERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Sherman House; P. 0. News Co.: Great Ncctherm Hot**;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Bquar«;
Murray Hill Hotel.
.WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. I*. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
. open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, ooen untl!
9:30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
; ; 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22i"' Market
: street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- I09o"
■ Valencia street, cpen until 9 o'clock '06 Eleventh
. street, open uotll 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
'■■ . second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,
AMUSEMENTS.
; heum— Vaudeville.
: rnla "A Genuine Yentleman."
'. Tlvoli— "The Mikado."
A.do About Nothing."
lb."
■ ;Gi ■ House— "Hip Van Winkle."
hutes. /wo and Theater— Vaudeville every* afternoon and
•
■ Olymt-ia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Pavilion— Mechanic* 1 Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit..
AUCTION SALES.
By Kast-n, E'.dri -Tuesday, October 3, at 11
■ ' ■ eet.
ay, October 3, at 11 o'clock.
BUSINESS LAST WEEK.
Y~) tJSINESS was disturbed in New York last week
K\'n the demonstration over Admiral Dewey, and
*— -^ .- the two closing days were holidays and the
lour previous ones were largely given over to prepara
tions for the great event commercial considerations
were relegated to the background for the time being.
Ablunder, or worse, over the Liverpool cotton quota-
I chaos in the Southern cotton markets on
:: all in all, trade was rather topsy
turvy all around.
In this city the feature of the week was the rise in
wheat,- which, though slight, was sufficient to brighten
■ I market and lift it from the stagnation in
\v-hich.it -has lain for several months. The advance
m apprehensions of a South
African war, for there have been no developments in
rld's crops to warrant any bet
ter prices. The minor cereals sympathized with wheat,
- slightly under an improved
there was little change in the
local situation. Fluctuations in merchandise were
Frequent than of late, showing a livelier state of
ith the exception of rice and linsi
•which i ges were all in the direction
There were heavy shipments of
wine, c nd salmon to the Atlantic Coast
; vernment r dried fruits
and prj ; a fair movement in these
uand. The price
t held firmly up to $J5
• p quotatiou, and there are no -
• :;is season. Hid
leather I md firm. Wool and hops
v. ere al I h ideas of growers kept the
11. The r; iation announced
. and they arc I
to suit I grower. So it was a good
wtck all around.
1 oast the movement continues far
ahea ■ nber was the twelfth
i in which the volume of business
New York has been
in the same month of any previous year.
In t' months
hou $61,200,000,
-coo . ending with September.
;x 1.000.000. over 46 per cent. It
must be remembered in this connection that ISO 2 was
the year previous to the panic, and is taken as the best
year for pur; :i. It was thought
n the pr< ■ • le activity began that it was
merely a reaction after a long period of commercial
n, and that when the replenishment of stocks
usiness would naturally >ul>-iik
to ordinary volume. But there has been no halt what
ever. The demand for all sorts of merchandise con
tinue?, and instead of diminishing is actually increas
ing, being now 60 per cent greater than in 1892, while
the increase in population, according to treasury esti
mates, is only 16 per cent.
Shipments of boots and shoes from Boston in nine
months have been 3,500,676 cases, against 2,833,682 in
1892, and in four weeks 390,622 cases, against 360,699
last year. Here the increase is more nearly propor
tioned to population and wages, but works are all a
month or more behind their orders for the season.
This heavy buying characterizes the whole range of
farm and manufactured products, and has been so
often mentioned that repetition is useless. What will
happen when this enormous buying ceases is a ques
tion which has been bothering financiers for some
weeks, but it is folly to cross the bridge before we
get to it. Moderate conservatism and a proper atten
tion to the future will probably be sufficient safeguard
against any serious results from the current boom in
trade.
A safe-cracker was discovered the other night at
work in the Sperry Flour Mill at Fresno. He claimed
that he was only an amateur, but his selection of a
place of operation gave him the lie. The condition
of his clothing showed that he was out for the dust.
The Fresno burglar who robbed a safe to secure
money with which to send his wife and child East will
probably compromise by taking a little journey him
self.
YEARNING FOR DEWEY.
rROM the day when the great popular outburst
of admiration and honor tor Admiral Dewey
manifested itself upon the announcement of his
epoch making victory at Manila, those Democrats
who have long been eager to rid the party of the
leadership of Bryan have been looking to him with
yearning that he might become their candidate for
the Presidency. lie seemed tfc them to be a heaven
sent Mo?es to lead Democracy from the wilderness, if
they could but get him to act in that role, and every
thing which has happened from that time to this has
but increased the yearning and strengthened its hold
upon them.
They were not coy wooers, these Democrats. They
soon let the admiral know that if he would accept the
nomination of the Democratic party he could have it,
and they tried with eloquence to persuade him that
if he would accept the nomination the people would
do the rest and his election to the Presidency would
be as certain as was that of .Grant in 1808.
Dewey promptly rejected the overtures. As a mem
ber of the navy he has had nothing to do with political
parties, but he came from a family of stanch Vermont
Republicans and his partisan leaning?, if he had any,
would be naturally to that side. He announced clearly
when first approached that he has no political ambi
. that he does not feel fitted for undertaking the
grave duties of statecraft in which he has had no ex
perience. In fact, as he laughingly said when some
one suggested to him that "Dewey and Wheeler"
would be a winning ticket, "I would run the nation
like a ship and Wheeler would run it like a regiment."
Despite the positive assurances of the admiral, how
ever, the yearnings of the anti-Bryan Democracy have
not lessened. It is in fact a ground hog case with
them. They must have a candidate to put up against
Bryan and they cannot find one except Dewey. It
, is not surprising, therefore, to find that the celebra
tion of the admiral's arrival at New York has been
at once followed by efforts to bring him forward even
against his will as a candidate.
It is not the irresponsible yellow journals of Democ
racy that are working up the vain Dewey Presidential
boom, nor the lesser class of politicians, but men of
the foremost rank in Democracy. For example, no
less a leader than William C. Whitney is quoted as
having said in regard to it:
"1 am convinced that his selection as Presidential
nominee would be something very much larger and
[ better at this particular time than a party victory.
It would be a partiotic reunion around the one man
who typifies the new era and is best fitted by his char
acter and experience to preside over its development.
Dewey gave us the Philippines. He understands the
situation as no other man does. The people would
trust him to deal with it more completely than they
> would any other man. They would rather see him at
the helm, directing the policy of the Government in
its new possessions, than any other man. They know
that he always has done the right thing and they
would feel sure that he always would do the right
thing. It is only at I ing intervals and on special occa
sions that Providence presents a man in whom the
whole people have this unquestioning and perfect
trust. That gave us such a man in Washington. It
gave us another in Jackson. It gave us another in
Grant. Now it has given us Dewey."
All of which shows on the part of the saner Demo
cratic leaders a very wholesome desire to rid their
party and tlie country of Bryanism. but it also shows
how forlorn is their hope. Admiral Dewey as a Dem
ocratic candidate for the Presidency is an impossi
bility.
While the Venezuelan boundary dispute is still in
the hands of arbitrators the people of the country
have started a revolution, gone through with it and
returned to their cock fights; all of which shows how
much easier it is to fight a thing out than to talk it
out.
The recepton given to Dewey has probably in
clined Sampson to wish a good many times that he
had steamed at once int<> Santiago Hay and smashed
the Spanish as Dewey did at Manila, but in cases of
that kind after thoughts don't count.
THE CARTER CASE.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY has approved the
sentence imposed upon Captain Carter by the
court-martial. The condemned officer is to be
ed from the army, to suffer a fine of $5000,
to be imprisoned for live years and a statement of his
crime, his punishment, his name and place of abode
are to be published in the newspapers in and about
the station and the State from which he came or
wher he usually resided Tims after two years of
delay the punishment imposed by the court is to be
mete! out, and the man who by reason of his power
ful friends seemed at one lime likely to escape with
comparative impunity is to suffer at last.
It is not at all probable, however, that the case will
end here. There is no longer an avenue of appeal to
law, but there remains always the right of an appeal
to public opinion and that is what in all likelihood
will be undertaken next. Wayne MacVeagh. in his
brief submitted to the Attorney General, intimated
'that Carter had not a fair trial before a court compe
tent to deal with the case, and plainly charged that
the War Department had issued to the press false
statements concerning it; and now Frank P. Blair,
who was associate counsel for Carter, openly de
nounces the condemnation pronounced by the court,
and lays what appears to be the foundation for an
agitation of the issue.
He is quoted as saying: "Captain Carter was con
victed on perjured testimony, as the defense clearly
proved. Dreyfus was condemned on hearsay.
Wherein lies the difference? The principal witness for
the prosecution was easily caught in the cross-exam
ination, and yet he was allowed to go on. and on his
testimony alone Captain Carter was condemned, This
injustice to an innocent man shows that the court
martial is utterly unfit to grapple with the questions
involved in a case of this kind. In my estimation a
majority of the court-martial were honest in their be
lief of Carter's guilt. They were inductd to find the
captain guilty, in the main, because of the perjured
testimony of the Government's witnesses."
It is of course to be regretted there should be any
question of the justice of a decision by a military
tribunal in this country. We have regarded our army
with a patriotic pride and have looked upon its offi
cers a« men having the integrity and the ability to per
form all the duties imposed upon them with honor to
themselves and to the nation. Nevertheless, we are
, not superstitious in our reverence for trie army, and
if the friends of Carter make an appeal to public sen
■ timent they will receive a fair hearing.
It is to be noted the members of the court-martial
I are not charged with prejudice against the accused or
corrupt motive^ in condemning him. but only with
j an unfitness for judicial functions and an inability to
; determine what rightly constitutes evidence. That
j simplifies the issue a great deal and will render the
I public more willing to listen to it.
An agitation directed against a department of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1599.
Government is always disagreeable, but the results
are generally beneficial. We had an illustration of the
effect of such appeals in the embalmed beef scandal.
The examinations resulted in a report acquitting a!!
the accused officials, but nevertheless there has been
no more rotten beef sent to the army. Something
equally beneficial may result in this case. A thorough
exposition of the manner in which Carter was con
victed may not reflect discredit upon any member
of the court-martial, but may have the effect of^pro
viding more competent courts for trying such charges
against officers hereafter.
THE MINORITY LEADER.
WITH that well ordered harmony and ability to
act together with promptness which fits them
for conducting the affairs of the nation, the
Republicans of the House of Representatives have al
ready virtually chosen their leader who is to be
Speaker of the coming Congress. The Democrats, on
the other hand, although they constitute a minority
party and their leader will have no patronage to be
stow, are still disputing among themselves as to who
shall have the almost empty honor of presiding at
their caucuses and leading them on the floor.
Bailey of Texas, from whose bright youth so much
was expected, has proven even more futile as a parlia
mentary leader than young Bryan as a Presidential
candidate. His leadership during the last Congress
was a fiasco, and he has either too much sense or too
little courage to desire to repeat the experiment.
Of his own will he is out of the contest, and is now
seeking to obtain the seclusion and the repose of the
Senate as a relief from the stormy struggles of the
House, where he came to grief every time he under
took to distinguish himself.
Three Democrats are eager to take the place left
vacant by Bailey's retirement and are reported to be
busily canvassing for support. These are John H.
Bankhead of Alabama. David A. De Armond of Mis
souri and James D. Richardson of Tennessee. Neither
of the three is brilliant nor has any genuine leader
ship in him. Each, however, has had long experience
in the House, is a man of good repute, and would
probably be an improvement on the aspiring youth
from Texas who won the prize from them in the last
Congress.
Bankhead is said to represent the conservative
Democracy of the South. He has declared more than
once that the Chicago platform is a blunder and that
its doctrines are not those of genuine Democracy. De
Armond is much better known to the nation than
Bankhead, and is reputed to be one of the foremost
constitutional lawyers on the Democratic side. He is
a rank partisan, believes in the spoils system, and
takes the Chicago platform without a murmur.
Richardson is an abler parliamentary tactician than
either of his competitors, but is a feeble debater and
not likely to hold his own well in a contest with the
strong men the Republicans will pit against him. On
the other hand, he is said to know the House better
and to be better known by it than either of his com
\ petitors.
It will be noted that all of the aspirants for the
place are Southerners. That of course is natural, for
the strength of the party comes from that section.
The Northern Democracy has hardly a representa
: tive in the House any better qualified to lead
than those who are now striving for the honor.
Under any circumstances the coming Congress
| promises to be a dull one for Democracy, and for
such fighting as it will be capable of doing almost
ary sort of a leader will be sufficient.
A PROGRAMME FOR PROGRESS.
WITH the current number of the Merchants'
Association Review, a comprehensive pro
gramme for future work on the part of the
association in the direction of municipal improvement
is presented for the consideration of the public.
While nothing new in the way of enterprise is con
tained in the programme, every feature of it having
been at one time or another urged, not only by the
association but by the press, the review is none the
less interesting because it for the first time presents
the whole of the plans for progress now entertained
by progressive citizens.
The programme includes the enforcement of the
civil service provisions of the new charter; the recon
struction and improvement of the sewer system; the
erection of a suitable City and County Hospital, a
hospital for contagious diseases, public school build
in^.-, where necessary, and Fire Department buildings
in districts now without fire protection; the enforce
ment of the law for placing all electric wires under
ground; the improvement of the street cleaning
system; the extension and betterment of the
street lighting and the sprinkling of streets; the
improvement of street pavements; the establishment
of a salt water pumping plant and the use of salt
water for sprinkling streets, flushing sewers and
such purposes; the erection of public comfort stations
throughout the business districts of the city; the ex
penditure of all surplus revenues from taxes in per
manent improvements; and finally an election upon
the question of issuing bonds for such improvements
as are necessary or desirable at the present time, but
which cannot be provided for by the annual tax levy
under the charter dollar limit.
Such a programme is one in which all progressive
citizens will cordially assist the association in fulfilling
as speedily as possible. There is no feature of it that
is either visionary, extravagant or impracticable. Nor
can it be questioned that the association has acted
wisely in presenting all the various schemes for im
provement as parts of one comprehensive programme.
It gives assurance that one reform is not to be over
looked in the interests of another and affords a basis
on which the progressive elements of the community
can co-operate with general satisfaction.
Another religious conference has demanded that
Roberts of Utah be denied a seat in Congress because
he is a Mormon, but as it demanded at the same time
the abolition of the canteen in the Soldiers' Home,
the condemnation of the Sunday newspaper and base
ball games, and denounced Sunday travel, Mr. Rob
erts will find himself in so much good company he
will hardly feel the full severity of the attack on him.
The Navy Department has decided evidently that
the men who fought "with Dewey on the Olympia
shall not be Hobsonized. It has ordered the flagship
to Boston, where, if tradition is to be believed, the
girls will give the Jackies the frozen face.
Chief of Police Lees ought to join the Society for
the Suppression of Vice. He might learn something
to his advantage in treating with the solution of moral
evil which afflicts the northern part of the city.
Certain important changes have been ordered in the
French army. The French people have reason for
congratulation in the fact that whatever the changes
may be they can't be for the worse.
If the rebels of Venezuela suffered as many en
counters as the various correspondents credit them
with the country would be practically depopulated by
this time
HEALTH BOARD
RAIDS ARE TO
BE PREVENTED
Wells Will Audit No
Overdrafts.
— ♦ —
WILL SEEK LEGAL ADVICE
♦
JUDGE HUNT'S DECISION MAY
GO FOR NOTHING.
, ♦
The Board Will Be Restricted by the
Auditor to Its Own Fund and
Wholesale Appointments
Will Be Stopped.
The raid on the treasury which the
Board of Health is contemplating- as a
means of paying another bunch of Dan
Burns' Senatorial debts will likely be
nipped in the bud. Although Judge Hunt's
recent decisions apparently opened the city
and county cash drawer to either hand '
the Health Board clique cared to dip into ;
It, there is still a vigilant watchdog in i
the person of Auditor Asa R. Wells. If ;
any of the claims the gang is gleefully
projecting get past him they ought to be
paid. There is small chance, however,
that any of them will.
Judge Hunt's decision may have been
precisely along the lines of the opinion j
of the individual members of the board, •
and coinciding with that opinion it may
have given the board the power to make
all the appointments it finds necessary, or i
that Burns' political obligations render
necessary, but Judge Hunt's decision did
not add a cent to the tax levy nor put an- !
other cent in the treasury; neither did it i
add a sou marquis to the apportionment
lixed for the board. If Auditor Wells pur
sues the same course that has charac- j
terlzed his administration thus far, he !
will not deplete the general fund, or any
other fund, for Burns, no matter what
that astute politician's necessities.
That the Health Board would make the
most of the Hunt decision became evident
at the meeting of Saturday night when
Dr. Keeney worked through his little plan
for the appointment of three more plumb
ing inspectors to assist Chief Inspector
Beyreuther. and at the same time car
ried into effect Dr. Coffey's scheme for
a wholesale cleaning out of the County
Almshouse in order to make room for the
elect of the combination. Coffey's Alms
house programme would have gone
through at the last meeting had he con
sented in time to vote for Dr. Hodghead
to succeed Dr. Susdorf as Superintendent
of the City and County Hospital. He j
held out, however, for Dr. Mahr, and not
until Drs. Keeney and Payne had al
most given up hope of putting Hodghead
through at thai meeting did a threat to
kill the Almshouse clean out bring Coffey
to time.
Since that time heart to heart talks with
Burns and his lieutenants have been the
thing, with the result that the Board of
Health is about the happiest and most
harmonious political combination at the
City Hall and only the next meeting is
needed to demonstrate what the weekly
percentage uf new appointments is to be.
Concerning the course he would take
with claims filed by the board in excess
of its actual appropriation. Auditor W r ells
declined yesterday to speak. "I think the
board Is spending too much money," said
he, "but what course I will take With
its warrants in the face of Judge Hunt's
decision I am not yet prepared to nay.
It has been my policy to protect the
treasury against any other than necessary
claims, and with our appropriations fixed
on the basis they are I shall adhere more I
closely to that policy than ever. I will j
be compelled to. if I want to last the year
out Without bankrupting every department.
I am going to talk the matter over with
my attorney and I think that no one will
have reason to fear that I will depart
from consistency or announce any change
in my present policy."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HELL GATE— J. F. J., City. The blow
ing up of Flood Rock, which obstructed
navigation at Hell Gate, New York har
bor, occurred an the loth of October, I&SS.
TWENTY-EIVE CENT PIECE-Sub
scriber. A 25-cent piece of the United
States coined in 1875 does not command a
premium from dealers, but dealers charge
from 50 to 75 cents for such.
JOHN C. HEENAN-H. J. Me, Tine
maha, Cal. In 1857 John C. Heenan, the
"i-tenicia Boy," fought John Morrissey in
New York. In ]S»;o he fought Turn Sayers
in England, and In 1863 he fought Tom
King.
CARDS— X.. City. If Miss Johanna
Wellworth marries Charles H. Youngbody
her visiting: cards after marriage should
read "Mrs. Charles if. Xoungbody." It
would be proper for her to hav.e her resi
dence and calling days written or en
graved on the lower left-hand corner of
the card.
SMOKESTACKS— A Subscriber, City.
The smokestacks of the United States
transports are painted red. white and
blue, with the red at the top, because
that la the proper way to paint them.
The American colors are red. white and
blue, on account of the predominance of
the color in the flag— seven rod stripes,
six white stripes and the blue field.
IN THE NAVY— A. W.. City. A naval
cadet at Annapolis receives $500 a year,
beginning with the date of admission.
Cadets after leaving the academy when
In service other than on practice ship re
ceive $:'•'' • a year. Sea pay after that is:
For ensign, first five years, $1200. after
th;it $Ut"'i; li« ntenant junior grade, first
rive years. $1800, after that $2000; lieu
tenant, first five years, $2400, after J'-MKI;
lieutenant commander, first five years,
$2800, after $3500; commander. $3500; cap
tain, $4500; commodore. $:>000; rear ad
miral, $6000; admiral, $13,000.
BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS - E..
City. In order to commence an action in
proceedings In bankruptcy the party
must have been a resident of the State
for a period of six months, or the greater
part thereof; the party may have him
self declared n bankrupt thirty days
after filing petition and Within a year
after such filing. Gen. rally speaking, the
fees, not including attorney's, are $35, but
such may be increased by the Issuance
of papers that may be required in the
proceedings. An itemized account of all
debts must be presented. Jf a wife has
b^en declared an insolvent debtor and
has been discharged creditors could not
sue her for the debts of her husband if
such debts were included In her schedule.
SrrCESSION-C. T. Oakland. Cal. If a
married person dips in California pos
sessed of property in his or her own right
and leaves no issue, one-half goes to the
surviving husband or wife and the other
half in equal shares to father and mother;
if either is dead it goes to the Burvivor;
if there is no father nor mother the half
goes to brothers and sisters, and to chil
dren or child of any brother or sister by
right of representation. If the dec<
leaves neither father, mother, brother or
sister, the whole goes to the surviving
husband or wife, if the decedent leaves
a surviving husband or wife and only one
child, or the lawful issue of one child. tht>
property, if there be no will, goes in equal
shares to the surviving husband or wife
and child, or issue of such child. If the
decedent leave a surviving husband or
wife and more than one living child and
the lawful Issue of one or more deceased
children, one-third goes to the surviving
husband or wife and the remainder in
equal shares to his children and to the
lawful issue of any deceased child by
right of representation.
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL.
SUNDA V CAL~L~wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
JAMES W. GIRVIN AND HIS DOUBLE.
Curious Ways in Which They Have Been
Mistaken for Each Other Through Life/
Honolulu Pacific Commercial-Advertiser.
DID I ever look like that? Well,
hardly," said James W. Girvin
on Saturday, when he was asked
about the picture in The Call of
September 2 that had his name
under it. __
"And yet that is a picture of James W.
Girvin all right, for I happen to know him
well— to my sorrow. 1 might almost say.
Do you know that that man has been the
bane of my life almost from the day he
was born and was unfortunate enough
to be named James W. Girvin, the same
as myself? I have run across that man
everywhere, in all sorts of odd ways and
places. He has opened my mail, castled
my checks, been mistaken for me by hun
dreds of people from San Diego to ban
Francisco and back again; in fact, at one
time he actually made my life miserable.
He was always where I was expected,
and generally got there first and his
name, being the same as mine, people
talked to him as the real James W. Gir
vin and looked on me as an impostor.
And it was a singular fact that many of
the bills he contracted were presented to
me for payment.
"You would hardly believe it possible
for two men to cross each other's paths
as we have done. About the first time I
ran across him was in this way: I owned
a lot in Piedmont Cemetery, Oakland,
which had the name James v Girvin
painted on a post at the foot. On one
of my visits to the cemetery I could not
find the lot; at least, not the lot with
my name on it. The lots were all about
the same size and looked very much alike
and as I had been away for some years
since the post was put up, I thought I
might have mistaken the location. I went
to the same lot several times feeling sure
it was the right one. but somebody else's
name was on the post. I went to the
superintendent of the cemetery and asked
him if James W. Girvin didn't own a lot
there.
11 'Oh, yes,' was the answer. 1 11 take
you to it.' He took me to the identical
lot I thought was mine— the one with the
other name on it. I showed him the new
name and then he told me to go to the
office and we would look up the records.
Now, what do you suppose was the re
sult? The other James w. Girvin had also
bought a lot in that same cemetery about
the same time I did, but a -few weeks be
fore my last visit had sold it to his
father-in-law, being in need of funds. He
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
A. J. Larsen, a Lodi newspaper man, is
a guest at the Grand.
J. F. Coleman, the Redding mine owner,
' is a guest at the Palace.
L. T. Hatfield, an attorney of Sacra
i mento, is registered at the Lick.
B. P. Tabor', one of the leading business
men of Auburn, is at the Grand.
Captain J. B. Hughes of the Fourth
Cavalry is a guest at the Occidental.
Judge Louis Gottschalk has come up
from Los Angeles and is staying at the
j Grand.
Milton McWhirter, an oil expert of
1 Bakersfield, is among the recent arrivals
at the Lick.
F. H. Ransom, a wealthy lumber dealer
of Red Bluff, is among the late arrivals
at the Grand.
Ed Corrigan. the well-known racing
; man. came in last night from Sacramento
and registered at the Palace.
F. A. Marcher, one of the leading busi
' ness men of Los Angeles, in among the
recent arrivals at the California.
B. A- Higgins and A. E. Manchester,
j whaling captains who have lately re
i turned from the north, are registered at
; the Russ.
Mr. and Mrs. William Niles of Los An
- geles are registered at the Occidental. Mr.
Niles is extensively interested in the live
stock business.
Dr. W. H. Webster, a physician who
has been connected with one of the big
Mexican mines. Is at the Occidental en
i route to New Zealand, where he goes to
accept another position with the same
! mining company.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Contracts for twelve torpedo-boat
destroyers have been given out by the
British admiralty to half a dozen private
shipyards in England and Scotland.
A report comes from Shoeburyness of
some marvelous good target shooting. It
is alleged that a 6-inch quick-firing gun,
which fired 1000 shots against a target
moving at the rate of thirty-seven miles
an hour, made 970 hits. Further particu
lars are needed, such as distance of gun
from target and other conditions, in order
to have others besides Tommy Atkins be
lieve it as an example of accurate firing.
The British battleship Canog^us, -whose
trials were canceled by the admiralty
owing to defects in the machinery, has
had her leaky points repaired and passed
through one-fifth and two-fifth power
trials in the first days of September. The
ship was on an even keel of 26 feet
draught and developed 10,454 horsepower
with 255 pounds of steam, consuming coal
at the low rate of 1.68 pounds per horse
power per hour, and the speed was 17.2
knots.
It is reported that the British admiralty
is about to adopt pneumatic riveters and
i other tools driven by compressed air for
use in the dockyards. As American tools
i of this description are the best, the manu
, facturers in this country are likely to
1 receive large orders, not alone from
foreign Government yards but also from
private ship-building establishments. The
introduction of these tools is also apt to
make trouble with the trades unions, es
pecially in England.
France will place in commission during
the present year one battleship, one third
class cruiser, four torpedo-boat de
stroyers and twenty-five torpedo-boats.
Great Britain will have placed in com
mission for the same period five battle
j ships, four first-class, four second-class
i and six third-class cruisers, besides about
| twnty torpedo-boat detroyers. Not
! withstanding the apparent great activity
i in' Franch dockyards, only a few ships
I are annually put in commission.
A training-ship for the Chilean navy
! named General Bacquedamo lias Just
i been completed at the Armstrong yard,
Klswick. The vessel is built of steel,
sheathed with wood and is 2300 tons dis
placement, with a length of 277 feet, tS
feet 9 inches beam and 18 feet draught.
: She is bark rigged with ; uxiliary steam
!of 1500 horsepower, and carries 350 ton of
j coal. Her speed under steam is 13% knots,
, and the battery consists of four 4.7-inch,
two 12-pounders, two 6-pounders and one
; 18-inch bow torpedo.
An armor plate trial took place at
Whale Island last month in the Nettle
casement. The plate was one of a lot to
go on the Japanese battleship Shiki
shima, building at the Thames Iron
AVorks, and was of nickle steel 8% inches
thick and eight feet square. Two shots
were fired at the plate from a 9.2-inch
gun carrying a Holtzer shell of 308 pounds
With a velocity of 1700 feet per second.
Neither shot penetrated nor did the plate
show any cracks. A third shot fired with
a velocity of 1800 feet penetrated the plate
to a depth of 3 a i inches, but there were
no cracks and the plnte lot was accepted.
Italy contemplates building four 8000-ton
armored cruisers of the Brice type, but
carrying smaller guns, namely, eight B
inch and eight C-inch. Although the
money has not been voted the ships have
already been named the Genoa, Piza,
Venezia and Amaifi. They are to have
19.000 horsepower and a speed of 22
knots. Italian builders and the Arm
was always in need of funds, that follow
Girvin— l "mean the other fellow Girvin.
Well the father-in-law of the ithcr Gir
vin «howod hi? lull of sale of the ceme
tery lot and had the name changed, but.
owing to the similarity of name
name was put on my lot by mistaki .
After some trouble we pot the mistake
rectified, but It resulted in my geti
acquainted with a man who was c
ually crossing my path afterward
some strange fatality we were
meeting, always being mistaken foi
another and always getting into trouble
over the mistakes."
"When <li'l you run across him last, Mr
Girvin?" was asked.
"Oh, the last time I was in Calif
I met him one day on Broadway in
land He was on his uppers and strui
me for a loan of $50. I had not the m>>i
in my pocket, but gave him a check I
the money on one of the Oakland banks
the. cashier of which was one of my per
sonal friends. I made the check pa
to James W. Girvin and signed it
James W. Girvin without thinking of
any further trouble. About an hour
I happened to pass by that part:
bank when my attention was attracted by
a lou<l altercation going on inside. 1
looked in and there was the other J
W. Girvin and my friend, the cashier, al
most coming to blows. It appears thai
the other Girvin had indorsed my check
and presented it for payment. The cashier
knew it was not my signature on the back
of the check and. thinking I had drawn it
payable to myself instead of the other
Girvin, had not only refused to pay it
but had accused the other Girvin of
wrongfully signing my name to obtain
the money. As soon as I went in both
parties appealed to me.
"I said to the cashier, ' The man is right:
he is James W. Girvin and I will vouch
for him.' The cashier said in all his ex
perience he had nevr run across such a
singular instance resulting from a simi
larity of names.
"I had thought I had lost track of the
other Girvin for good when I returned to
the islands About five ;. ears ago," con
cluded Mr. Girvin, "and yot the very first
time I write a few lines for publication
in a San Francisco paper that fellow's
picture comes out at the heal of it. Now,
all his friends and relative/ will think
he is in the islands and will be writing
letters here to him which, oi course, I
shall have to open and read. And all my
friends on the mainland who see that pic
ture in The Call will be writing to me
and asking what has happened to ray face
and to send them one of my lattdt pic
tures." . ■•.;-.
strong Company have been Invited to
make bids for the contracts upon the fol
lowing condition: First, to complete the
ships in two years, first payment of $500.
-000 to be made in 1902 and then at the
rate of a like sum each year up to 1911,
without interest on deferred payments.
The cost of each ship will be about $3,
-600,000.
Another freak armored ship has been
launched at Cherbourg. It is the Henry
IV of 8948 tons, 334 feet 3 inches in length,
72 feet 10 inches beam and 23 feet draught.
This is a compromise between an Ameri
can monitor and the battleship Hoche
types; that is, the after part is. monitor
and the forward portion resembles a
floating hen coop on end. There can be
but little doubt of the failure of ti is
freak as to seagoing qualities, and ar
mored ship-building is not likely to be
revolutionized by the introduction of this
craft. Her battery consists of two 10.&
-inch guns, one forward and one aft in
turrets, and seven 7^2-inch in broadside.
She is to have triple screws, Niclausse
boilers and engines of 11,500 horse;
to give a speed of seventeen knots,
total estimated cost of this craft is about
$4,005,000.
Read the "Rough Riders."
Governor Roosevelt attended the recr: /
commencement at Cornell, and whih
there was entertained at one of the col
lege fraternity houses. When he w.-i^
about to leave one of his staff said to
him: "Governor, the boys have an ex
cellent library in the house, and I think
they would appreciate its enlargement
by a copy of your 'Rough Riders.' "
"Teddy," in an outburst of good-fellow
ship, exclaimed: "All right, boys, I'll be
glad to send you a copy with my compli
ments; the book would be a very smai:
return indeed for your hospitality."
Whereupon one of the boys replied ex
citedly: "That's so. Governor; I've reac
it." — Areronaut.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend's. •
» ♦ ■
Secretary Gage will make "Washington
his home afte- retiring from public of
fice. This is what Chicago hears. He
possesses a fortune of $500,000 or so, and
will not need to return to active business.
Special Information supplied daily to
bu&iness houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
One of the queerest villages known is In
New Guinea, and is called Tupuselei.
The houses are all spported on piles, and
stand out in the ocean a considerable
distance from shore.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Upholstered tourist sleeper through to St.
Paul every Tuesday night. No change. This
car is nicely upholstered In leather and is ex
tremely comfortable in every respect Pullman
Bleeping cars of the latest pattern on every
train. Tickets sold at lowest rates to- all points
East. T. K. Stateler. Gen. A«t., 638 Market St.,
Ban Francisco.
Cheap Bates.
September 29 to October 6 Inclusive, the San
ta Fe Route will sell tickets to Chicago at very
low rates. Occasion, corner-stone laying
Government building and fall festivities. Get
full particulars at R2S Market street.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums. Allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising- from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow'B Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL DEL COROXADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickrts. Now only $60 by
steamship, including Ofteen days' board at ho
tel; longer stay. $2 10 per day. Apply at i New
Mc^.tfumery street. San Francisco.
Natural gas found at Heathfield. Sussex
Ing used to li^ht the railroad sta
tion there. This is said to be the first
practical use to which natural gas has
put In Kurope.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Fuel for Force
Your body must have
force, nervous force, mus-
cular force, digestive force.
Fat is the fuel y used to
supply this force. If you
are weak in any of these
forces, use more fuel.
The cod-liver oil in Scott's
Emulsion is the best fuel
for this work. Your nerves
grow stronger, your muscu-
lar power increases, and
your digestion improves,
soc. and $i.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Chemists. New York.OF SMALLPOX IN
THE HOSPITAL
Infection Came From
the Thirty-First.
DAKOTA SUSPECTS ISOLATED
BENT OTJT TO THE CAMP OF DE
TENTION NEAR THE FORT.
Baseball at the Presidio — Dress Pa
rade by the Men of the Twenty-
Ninth Regiment — Dr.
Kirk 111.
Smallpox will not down at the Pre
tidio. Another case was sent yesterday
■ to the isolated camp out near the fort,
this tine from a mor.g the patients at the
.'general hospital.
The patient i? Henry " ims, a negro.
of Company E of the Twenty-fifth In
. ".fa'ntry. Ifa liad been in the general hos
• -pital since June 25 last, and can only have
taken the disease from the men of the
• -.Thirty-first Regiment; Who were sent to
;,Hthe hospital suffering, it was claimed,
..' "from kenpox. "Williams was in ward
•;L", rid he must have associated with the
.ji.-:- n from the Thirty-first while they
' A\-. re in the same ward.
: . As sjoon as it was determined that Will
"J'-lams was affected every one in ward C
:.-.v,\s' vaccinated and sent to another ward
v> : by\ themselves. The ward itseli was emp
: -t;i d, ana tho walls, floor and ceiling were
•'; thoroughly disinfected with l'ormalde
:.'; liyde: The beddii g and furniture were
-Vaisd ; at through Uio disinfecting process.
■ M'ui'd'j:, where some or the binullpox pa-
Y.tients have been, was also disinfected in
the same way.
. The-.; two nse:i from the South Dakota
; regiment being held for observation were
.'■ .t(iH- yesterxiii} to the. camp of detention,
".as It- waa'i deemed inadvisable to keep
.''■ thfcri longer in the. volunteer imp. They.
• 'are Henry T. Spethman, artificer, Com-
I'.i.mj M, and liana Kas'smussen, artificer,
■:'■■ Company: L of the South Dakot&s. Both
■; .rr.l*n were in. the me tent with Larabee,
:' -the case from the South Dakota*.
V The uumbt-r of patients at the camp has
not changed except for the addition of
..William* from th« hospital and the two
..suspects from the South Dakota camp,
J.Vwljo Were already under detention. The
•..; original. five patients are doing- well, and
. -tiiere has been no. further signs of the
disease among the ten' suspects. There is
' '.no .cluinp.e. in the report from the Thirty
-,' lirst Uegiment, in quarantine at Angel
} .Island.- •
: .\ Dr. ; ;. William R. Kirk, one of. the sur
: jgeuns : : at the general hospital, has been
V. 'temporarily, relieved from duty on ac
y- count of ninf-es: .
•;• . A nine, from the' artillerymen and cav
•.' !.alvynrcn of ; the post- garrison played a
.■•"; tr:tmt»''i\f hase.ball yepterday against a nine
■V.f elected from. the..vol unteers. The regu
■.'■.'larsca.m^i.'ou.t'W'iniierri by. a score of 2S to
: y;-25; . ■ .;•".• ; : •:.;•;
; .- THe. fcatur I*'1 * ' V>f !the-.'<Jay at the Presidio
■' jl Pst<?r^ a >-- 'w-as a .(livs.s • parade by the
;'- : Twe.my>-htm>r Infantry, I ; the only Manila
"• }>ound .: rya-w at the post. There
■• :whi; ' quit o a. l'arp^. crowd present to see
. ■"■ : e.nd'ap;?laiiil.; • : ■; •
TO DAWSON TO WED,
: '-..rnlss Lorena Barbier Goes at the Call
of Her Sweetheart, F. H. Ames.
>J t 1802 McAllister !
: •• '■•- noi irtety
1 • itest, has g-onp
me the bride of
■ rmeriy of San
the wedding
•<i by this ;
. the friends of the young j
ot heard from her since her I
■". • ■ : ' -
Aro.es, who Is the president of the'
I • rnicuiy. with offices in the Lun
>uflding; went to the Klondike
ago for the pui ■
• Dawson and
.- • was thoroughly
rthern pnid Reids he wrote to hta
In him, and requested that
- marriage take p',.-i<-e i
a: i. .-' ■ lecldi il to deli •
person. Ar the tin
was lil with !:■
. at the McNutt Sanitarium.
md within a day Bhe
-in h^r Intended, leav
ing here S. jitr-mlif-r 3.
stated h>- the friends arid relative? j
■ ; she m^t Ames about
Santa Cruz, and
i::.;v short time they «• . Mrs
: ihe Barbier flat
M ■ ,-s thai she ex
news fmni Miss
ier within a few days. She has been
very much woi i welfare dur
• the trip for the reason that she has
ent w rd ■ f any kind concerning her-
Bid in a Saloon.
Pctp-r Olesoh, formerly a janitor for the
Fnn Frftiirlsco Ghs ami Electric Company,
was. -found dead ki.-t night In a saloon at
417«Ppst 'tixrori. \Th'- nan had been drink-
Ing heavily-.ror .the. : ;.ast few- years, and
the f--xt'r?s"ive ■ use -of- alcoholic stimulants
la; supposed to have eaiised his death. He
whs a native of Sweden and was 54 years
office.- ; His .-residence was at 40G^> • ('Far
relT street .- '.-> • " = ■ ' : '" •
>■:'. .: •:..: .ADVERTISEMENTS.
.. ... . . , .... ■• ■ .
WITH ECZEMA
Baby's Skin Red and Raw. Doc-
■;•;• tor's Medicine was Painful and
Useless. A Stranger Advised
CUTICURA. Cured in a Month,
with Skin Smooth and Fair.
My llttlo daughter, when Fix months old,
brokeout with Eczema. I took her to a doctor
and he pronounced it "Moist Eczema," and
"•■ prescribed for her. fihe screamed -when I put
• the medicine on her, and I stopped using it.
'■ ; It was Indeed very painful. Her skin was all
.' ! red and raw, and moisture coming from it all
•.• th«time. A perfect stranger to me advised
• : mo to use Cutiodra remedies. I got Ccti-
• • Ctba fioAP and Ccticctra (ointment), and
. they entirely cured her within, a month. Sh«
.; Is twenty-three months old to-day, and her
. ; ' is like a piece of silk, and fair as a lily.
:. ; - Mm. B. J. KANE, 815 Ohio Ay«.,
' : Oct. .7, 1898. Kansas City, Kan.
■'; PIMPLES V CUTICURA SOAP
-. I commenced to get pimples and black-
; heads when I was fifteen years old. My face
■ ' . was covered. I spent about ten dollars for
; soaps, medicine, etc., but they never did me
. ■ any good. I used Ccticuua Soap for two
. ; weeks, (he pimples and blackheads began to
;: disappear, and it only took three cakes of Cu-
.. ' : t: a :fi. ay- t-o cure my face of those homely
•; pfmfita: ..; JOSBPH b,. clamek,
• . : • .^ejjt. 2li *9+. .327 Court St., Elizabeth, N. J.
■ : My. faooi-pras covered with a pimply, mp-
. ',; turedvand; itching gklfi. After using Ccn-
- ■; Cd^Aßoaf for six Weeks, all the pimples went
. : »>Way;, my skm getting as soft as velvet.
 ' ••• ' .. II; CROME, 223 Melrosa St., Chicago, m.
.; ! Bept.;21, 1808. ; • ■;:■ : ; . "
■ ■": . : Itchln|f Upmpri, .toiiturlnjj, .diifljuHaj Kimu, and
: - .iTeryapede* of Itchinf, ■bnnjintf, ic»!y, erueted, and
, : jilmplyikin .'■'nd.icalp d-i»eMc», with dry, thin, «"d fall-
• ' InghtiW l7i«tio.U.T rellifTcd by warm b«*h» irlth Ccti-
. '..- .trCRA Bpolntlnjti with Cbticwha, purrrt of
,-. : emollient ■kia : cui'«t,'ind mild doui of Cr-Ticcn*. Rb-
. '■• iOLvrsi, cr-t-t««f or blood purifier* «nd humor cure*,
.-: wbeqaild.eiMJf. . - : ; . . •
' .: ■ BoldihrourjipOtth«w6rld. Potteb trs Cntu.
: ; Cai^-i 6ol» Fi-ctpt., Bottori. "All About th» Skin," free.
MULTITUDES PASS A GLORIOUS SUNDAY
INCIDENTS OBSERVED AT THE PARK YESTERDAY.
ALL of the glories of a pleasant
season crowded themselves into
the brief hours of yesterday, and
joy was In the hearts of the peo
ple. Early in the morning the doors
of the city's homes, from those of the
palatial mansions of the rich to the
humble dwellings of the poor, swung
open, and their occupants, eager to
commune with nature and anxious for
a day of recreation out In the open,
poured in a human tide through the
gates of the park and out over the car
lines to the beach.
Thousands sat throughout the after
noon and applauded the selections of
the park band. Thousands more basked
on the sand, splashed in the breakers
at the beach or plunged into the tanks
at Sutro's Baths. Out at Stow Lake
fond fathers tugged at the oars of
boats loaded with family and friends
and light-headed youths skipped peß
bles along the surface of the rippling
waters for the amusement of giggling
sweethearts and the delight of onlook
ers. Fat and lean men, thin and stout
women and whlte-c wants
trundled baby buggies through the
shaded avenues or carried the cooing
youngsters in arms to chosen retreats.
The throng on the drive, on which
stately drags and rattling buck
DEDICATED THE ORGAN
IN THE FRENCH CHURCH
THE CEREMONIES SOLEMN AND
IMPRESSIVE.
Mass Celebrated by Rev. Father
Roman, S. M. — Sacred Concert
in the Evening Concluded
the Dedication.
j The grand organ recently constructed In
i the French Church of Notre Dame dcs
I Victoires, on Bush street, was dedicated
| yesterday morning with impressive cere
monies. Solemn high mass was celebrated
by Rev. Father Roman, S. M., assisted by !
Rev. Father Nuailles, S. S. C. C. and
I Father Feriol, S. S. C. C, as deacon and
; sub-deacon. The predicant was ' Rev.
Father Hamet, S. M., who Is in charge of
the parish. An interesting feature of the
■ services was the presence of fifty little
boys dressed In blue, white and red cos- j
[ tumes, who were stationed arouna the
altar rail.
Previous to the commencement of the i
mass the procession of clergy and acolytes
moved toward the organ in tne gallery and ;
the Instrument was blessed and conse
crated to the 'service of God by the cele
j brant. Returning to the sanc'.uary Clm
i orasa's beautiful mass was intoned by a
select and augmented choir under the j
leadership of frofessor 8. Martinez, the
organist. The sopranos were Mrs. G.
Uarrissen and Miss L. Bernard, altos Mrs.
E. l'lantard and Miss R. Hickey, tenors
R. Hantuis and Charles Thrower, bassos
8. Fogarty and G. Bournizeau. A violin
solo was played by Professor M. Loraza. ;
in hiM sermon Father Hamet took for
his subject the "Love of God and Coun- ;
try." He referred to the fealty which j
, every man owed to the land that gave
! him birth, and exhorted his hearers to j
! crown that commendable spirit by an un
swerving love for divine Providence, to*
whom mankind owes everything, even his
very existence. His auditors were visibly
affected when the eloquent clergyman
said that though Frenchmen who come
to America may adopt this country us
their own and would always be loyal to *
her, .still their beloved France was very
dear to them and they could never entirely ,
forget her. •
The church was again crowded in the !
evening, when a sacred concert was given j
by the same artists who assisted at the ■
morning cervices. Pergolesi's "Stabat !
Mater" was sung In line style, and Miss
Florence Lipsher executed a brilliant vio
lin solo entitled "The Last Sleep of the
Virgin," by Massenet.
The new organ is a tubular pneumatic !
Instrument and was built by a Chicago
firm expressly for the church at a cost of
(3600, which amount Is now In process of
collection.
One Boy Stabs Another.
Francis O'Connor, the boy accused by
Charles Dolce with stabbing him at Cal
ifornia and Hyde streets Saturday night,
was arrested yesterday morning by Po
licemen Fanning and Harry at his fath
er's house, 304 Pixley avenue, and booked
at the City Prison on a charge of. as
sault to murder. O'Connor, who Is a
school boy 15 years of age. denies doing
the stabbing. He said that he was with
Delee, who is a peddler. Saturday night
until 9:30 o'clock, when he went home.
The police say that Delee was beating
O'Connor's brother, who is a cripple, and
O'Connor stabbed him while defending
his brother.
Accidentally Shot While Hunting.
Claud J. Valerga, aged 19 years, residing
at 2640 Eighteenth street, while out hunt-
Ing near Colma yesterday was accident
ally shot in the left forearm. Valerga had
two weapons, one a shotgun and the other
a rifle. He had just discharged the shot
gun and was about to take up the rifle
when It accidentally went off. sending the
bullet through his left forearm near tho
elbow. The bullet passed around the bone
and coming out on the opposite side bare
ly missed the leading artery, Valerga
was taken to St. Luke's Hospital where
Dr. Edward C. Vandyke stanched the
wound and sent him to his home.
Sorry He Interfered.
Dennis Holland, a sruest at th« City
Hotel, 512 Howard street, was awakened
from hi? slumbers early yesterday morn
ing hy a fight outside his bedroom door.
He Jumped out of bed and Into the hall
way, and while acting the part of peace
maker was cut on the forehead with a
knife and had to be taken to the Receiv
ing Hospital. The man who did the cut
ting was Michael (Saraher, who had re
turned from thp country, and finding an
other man In what he supposed was his
room attempted to e.l<*ct the Intruder.
After the cutting Caraher disappeared.
The new •watermelon color at "Keith's"*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1599.
Enjoy a Day Out in the Open
Under the Trees and Down
by the Sea*
boards holding father, mother and
numerous offspring, vied with each
other in tests of speed, was? unu
sually large, and the wheelmen
were out by the score. Perhaps the
weather was responsible, but the
wheelmen were wont to scorch in vio
lation of the park ordinance, and as
a consequence eleven cyclists were ar
r< sted and either deposited bail or
were sent to the City Prison. Joseph
Sheerin, 2210 Geary street; S. J. Laza
rUS, attorney ut law, KOI Scott Btreet;
George Wooley, 927 Sutter Btreet; J.
Rusch, 1121 Folsom street; Perley
Nace, SOS Btanyan street; Harry Jones,
817 Van Xess avenue; Ray LJarkhurst,
Frank Kenney, .1. i'.irry, William
Wade, Max Wmntynband and a num
ber of young boys and ladies wero ar
rested for fast riding. All of the la
dies, pirls and yuuns boys arrested
were reprimand! <i by Captain Thomp
son and then r> !• as- .!. bui those named
were required to deposit ball or go to
jail. Som^ of the prisoners were ex
tremely indignant at the action of the
police, hut th«- officers are only follow
ing the Instructions Of the Park Com
missioners, and have determined that
faM riding must < •
Visitors at Smith's iiatlis were enter
tained with the usual aquatic contests.
TROLLEY CAR KILLS
AN OLD WAR VETERAN
PATRICK MAGTJIRE, who was ground
to pieces by "tie of the fenderlesa
trolley cars on Fourth street, near
Stevenson, on Saturday night, was a
I man with an honorable record. lie served
j his country in the army for twenty-two
years, having seen service In Mexico dur
ing the war between that country and the
United States. For this service and other
labors It: the army he was the recipient
of a quarterly pension of $02. He resided
at T Dale place with a married son. Four
other sons survive hirrl. all of whom are
residents of the city. The deceased was a
' widower, aged 79 years.
From the fact that Mngulre was denf
It is probable ho did not hear the car
bell— provided it was rung to Rive him j
warning— previous to hts being struck. The |
Inquest will be held by Coroner Hill to- j
morrow, when all the facts leading to Ma
guire's death will be brought u-u by the,
witnesses.
HIGHER PATRIOTISM.
Rev. William Bader Speaks of Ad-
miral Ite-wey and What H«
Exemplifies.
j "The Return of AdmirHl Dowoy and the
' Higher Heroism of the Nation' was the
; topic of an Interesting sermon by the
Rev. William Raxl^r at the Third Congre
: gational Church last night. The pastor
Spoke strongly on the higher patriotism
which should animate the American peo
ple In th^ present situation. He in
: brief:
"Dewey is the last name in the list of ■
i American heroes. It is a great thing- this j
ornwnlng of a groat man. The day of the
individual has not gone. He is still the •
llK'ntninK which kindles into flame, the
dry stloks of the nation's patriotism. The
nation must eilr.B to the higher patriot-
Ism. This is the only salvation from tne
! perils of expansion. If the loaves and
fishes are the object of the Philippine
| war. then our possessions will not do ua j
'. honor.
"As to individual heroism, it is well that
! this iron element of the heroic be en
countered in an age when sentlmentalism
j rules so many pens and softens so many
I characters."
t/?ia/feAf£&/fgo
is prepared at our brewery and Is guaranteed
unc-qualed In quality, purity, and medicinal
ANOTUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'X.
Broke Her Leg.
Mrs. Sadie Coffrin, 903% Bryant street,
was walking down the stairs in the glass
works, Seventh and Townsend streets, i
yesterday afternoon when she missed her
footing and fell downstairs. She was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where it j
was found that her right leg was broken
above the ankle.
■ m ■
Weary brains, nervousness, headaches, sleep
lessness quickly cured by . Baldwin's Celery
Soda. 10c.
Following are the results:
Fifty-yard dash— F. Nell first, C. Au
gustus second. Fifty yards, juvenile—
H. Seebaoh lirst, E. Xeil second. One
hundred yards, special— E. Wells first,
C. Augustus second. Tub race, one
hundred yards— E. Wells first, C. Au
gustus second. W. Durnford third.
Trick and fancy springboard diving—
W. Douglass first. W. Wilson second.
Swimming contest under water —W.
"Winfleld first, 11. Seebach second. C.
Donovori won the amateur diving
contest and was awarded the prize.
George docker has presented to the
park museum two excellent pieces of
marble statuary. One Is by T. Bell,
representing "Lincoln's Emancipation
Proclamation." and the other is the
work of F. Simmons and Is a life-sized
i. neral Sherman. Both are in
Carrara marble.
The Chutes had a big Sunday crowd.
The principal attraction was a monster
elephant which has just been added to
the /Coo.
ANNIVERSARY OF
CENTRAL M. E. CHURCH
A WEEK OF REJOICING ENDS
WITH SERVICES.
The Interior of . the Missiou-Street
House of Worship Decorated
in Celebration of the
Occasion.
The interior of Central Methodist I
Church, on Mission street, was hand- j
somely decorated yesterday In honor of
the thirty-fifth anniversary of the. church
and sabbath school. The .services were
not confined entirely to yesterday, as the
' rejoicing commenced a week ago and was
concluded with the end of the service last
night. The conclusion was graced with
the presence of two of the former pastors, j
Jus. Dille and Case, and was well at- |
! tended by the old as well as the young I
; members of the. church and Sunday
school. The service yesterday forenoon
was conducted by Rev. Dr. C. V. Anthony,
and in the evening by Dr. E. R. Dille ana
Dr. \V. W. Case, who delivered the ad- !
dress.
The following: are the ministers who j
: have been connected with the church '■
: since its founding in this city, together
with the present pastor and the lay offi
cers of the church:
Rev. J. I. Blain, ]564-6">; Rev. J. B. Hill,
1865-67; Hey. W. 1.. Nichols, 1567-6S; Rev. Rob
ert Bentley, D.D., 18*8-71; Rev. A. M. Hough.
A.M., 1871-73; Rev. Thomas 8. Dunn, 1573-75;
Rev. F. F. Jewell. V.V., 1875-78; Rev. C. V.
Anthony, D.D., 1878-81; Rev. K. R. Dille, D.1).,
18S1-S4, 1592-07; Rev. J. N. Beard, D.D., ISB4-47;
Rev. W. W. Case. D.D., 18S7-92; Rev. O. B.
Locke, D.D., 1897-99 Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller,
D.D., pastor. : -'■' — - .
Trustees— William Abbott. E. E. Ewing, Wil
liam O. Dlfieho, T. W. Nowlln, Holla V. Watt,
E. E. Kelley. N. Morcom, James A. Dyer, j
Thomas Hodge-
Class leaders— Thomas K. Harris, Nicholas j
Morcom, B. F. Bond, F. 11. Jackson, Mrs. C.
a. Flood. Miss Elsie Irving, Mrs. O. P. Fel
lows, F. N. Morcom.
Stewards— C. O. Burton, E. M. Bixby, A. W.
Hell, H. J. I'a.terson, T. H. Seabury. J. W.
Si houten John S. Allen, S. M. Thomson, W.
A. Jacobs, T. W. Smith, J. H. MeCallum. A.
R. McPherson. William M. Abbott, a. W.
Kirk.
N. Morcom and F. H. Jackson, local preach
ers. Rev. J. H. Macomber and Rev. J. A. Pot- |
ter U . S. A., chaplains; Miss A 11. Gates,
deaconess; Rolla V. Watt, superintendent of I
Sunday school; E. M. Blxby, W. O. IHscho, i
Miss Susie Abbott, Fred N. Morcom, John S. !
Allen, assistant superintendents.
TO WELCOME VOLUNTEERS
Proposition From the Associa
tion of Friends and
Relatives.
A communication has been received by
the citizens' executive committee on the
reception of returning California volun
teers from the Association of Friends and
Relatives apking assistance In the recep
tion of the men from California who will
return on the transports Tartar and New
port or any other ship. The communica
tion sets forth the fact that it was ex
pected that most of the men from Cali
fornia would be home on the Para, but
the exigencies of the transport service
changed matters and as a consequence
there .'ire many more to come by trans
ports now due.
The association asks that the citizens'
commit fe allow the association one thou
sand or twelve hundred dollars to defray
the expenses of a suitable welcome for the !
California volunteers, promising at the I
same time that all expenditures will bo' j
kept of reonrd, and supKestingr that if such
an arrangement be not satisfactory that \
one of the members of the citizens' com
ntlttee I>>° mnd> a member of tho associa
tion and keep trark of all expenses.
There will be a meeting of the associa- !
tlon this evening and an answ.-r to the !
appeal is expected.
PROTECTED A WOMAN.
A Clerk Prevents an Insurance Man
From Inflicting Violence.
J. li. Mulr, a special agent for the Mv-
I t\ial Ufe Insurance Company, residing at
I 12G Kills street, and Benjamin Jacobs, a
j clerk, residing at 650 Golden Gate avenue,
i were arrested yesterday afternoon on
| Kearnv street by Sergeant Shay and Of
■ ficer Engel and charged with disturbing
the peace at the California-street Police
j Station.
According to the statement given to
| the police by Jacobs and other witnesses,
Mulr had threatened a woman, who ac
companied him, with his fist. This act
; enraged Jacobs and he prevented any
further attack upon the woman. In the
! meantime, the poliop had been called and '
! when the officers arrived the woman had
I disappeared from the scene. Jacobs then '
| struck Mulr again In the presence of the
i officers and the two were arrested. Both I
i were released on bail.
MINERS ARRIVE
FROM KOTZEBUE
AND CAPE NOME
They Say the Cape Is
Very Rich.
COARSE GOLD IS ABUNDANT
♦
SIX THOUSAND MEN AT LEAST
ARE THERE.
♦
Still Another District Has Been Dis
covered and the People Are
Excited and Very
Restless'
The schooner Charles Hanson arrived
yesterday from Kotzebue Sound with a
budget of Interesting news about the Cape
Xonif 1 gold fields. It brought twenty-two
passengers, all miners, many of whom
bave all around Alaskan mining expe
riences. There were also on board four
teen persons connected with tbe Kotzebue
Commercial and Mining Company. There
were some pretty tall stories told by the
passengers about the great abundance of
gold at Cape Nome. They talked about
$60 and even $300 nuggets as being common
things to encounter in a day's labor. None
of the passengers claimed to have brought
down large fortunes, or any very consid
erable sums of their own, although there
were several bottles and small .sacks of
coarse gold on the vessel, running In
value up to a few thousand dollars for
the heaviest Individual showing.
The discrepancy between the small
amounts held individually by the passen
gers and the stories of gold to be found
so easily and plentifully at Cape Nome
was explained on the basis of the short
stay of the passengers at the Cape. Some
were sick when they sailed for home;
others were tired of cold weather and
wished to come home to recuperate; oth
ers were out of provisions to carry them
through the winter, close at hand, and
took the first chance to get away; but
they all said there is plenty of gold at the
Cape, and they also predict that the next
vessel to arrive from that section will
bring down a large amount of treasure.
Among the passengers were the follow
ing: Jim Williams, Tom Grimes, Gus
Llndquist, George Forderer, Ed Andrews,
Frank HlKginbottom, Frank Spitzer, Will
iam Ames, A. Normandin, John Truman,
G. Salisbury, Gus Roeder, E. G. Miller.
William Walker, Dr. Gleaves and Messrs.
Moore, McCuskey, Dozier, Patterson and
Prendergast, all old miners.
Sam Price of this city, who was a short
time only at Cape Nome, told of his ex
periences, He wintered last year on the
Kowak River, and from there went to
Cape Nome on the Louisa D. He arrived
about the midule of July. The claims
were then about all taken up. There were
four good districts, lying along Glacier,
Dexter and Anvil creeks and Snow Gulch.
He worked on No. 10 Anvil, which be
longed to the Laps. He received $9 per
day and board for his work. The weather
was very bad, he said, and he could not 1
stand the climate. He helped every day
to clean up the Biuices, which were very !
rich. There was no doubt that the own
ers of the claim were making very large
amounts of money. The wages were good,
but It was almost Impossible to keep men
because every one was excited and no one
except the claim owners would stay long
in one place.
The beach was —v rich, and men were
washing out from $15 to $20 a day. People
were nocking to Cape Nome from all the
districts— from Dawson largely, also from
Porcupine and Rampart. There were at
least 6000 men at Cape Nome when the
Hanson sailed. Already a great deal of
business whs doing. There were three
companies with large stores, and all three
were making money.
Ed Miller or the Kotzebue Company
confirmed the story told by Price. He
said the mining holes on the beach at
Cape Nome were as thick as grasshop
pers in a hayfleld. and the soil fairly
reeked with coarse gold. The owner
ship of claims was still undecided. After
the miners had been ordered from the
beach by the soldiers tney were allowed to
return, by order of the District Attorney,
as already previously published.
Dr. Gleaves, who has a brother in this
city, Bill Ames, Schaeffer and Billy Treat
came over the trail from Koizebue to ]
Cape Nome in April across the ice mil '
snow, and they were forced to .'at their
dogs on the way. The distance was 600
miles. They met others on. the trail and
were obliged to divide the dog meat to
keep the others alive. Dr. de France died
on 'he trail from Kotzebue to Cape Nome,
frozen to death, and was burled on the
ice. Two other*, names unknown, were
killed by natives. The disease known. as]
"blackleg" was killing many. Those Tho
stayed out of doors and those who k«pt
in the house were equally arfected.
Just before the Hanson sailed another
strike was reported, and a party of fifty,
banding together to protect themselves
against the Indians, bought a steamer
and started to go to the head of Reed
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I What a Little Faith Did
FOR MRS. ROCKWELL.
[LETTER TO MRS. PINKHAM NO. 69,884]
"I was a great sufferer from female
weakness and had no strength. It was
impossible for me to attend to my
; household duties. I had tried every-
thing and many doctors, but found no
j relief. y ',.■/ V'
11 My sister advised me to try Lydia
E. Pinkhnm's Vegetable Compound,
which I did; before using all of one
bottle I felt better. I kopt on with it
and to my great surprise I am cured.
All who suffer from f emalo complaints
should give it a trial." — KocK'
weix, 1209 S. Division St., Graxd
Rapids, Mien.
From a Grateful Newark Woman.
" When I wrote to you I was very
sick, had not. been well for two years.
The doctors did not seem to help me,
and one said I could not live three
months. I had womb trouble, falling,
ulcers, kidney and bladder trouble.
There seemed to be such a drawing
and burning pain in my bowels that I
could not rest anywhere; After using
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound and Sanative Wash and follow-
ing your advice, I feel well again and ■
6tronger than ever. My bowels feel as if
they had been made over new. With
many thanks for your help. I remain,
L. G., 74 Ann St., Newark, N. J."
T A I I»VDIA PINKHAM'S _-
h UWI COMPOUND 7k£
« ■ Cut-Bate Druggists *
Drug Co. 1128 Market Street. 6. p.
Dr. RL. Walsh,
agß&K******^ 815% G&ARY ST., bet.
Waggß^teajigSfflU. Hyde and Lnrktn.
leF "^^^s^tslsr Painless Extraction..
U^t ■ m •# C= fciY Crowns $«•<><>
>i I = V l'llb**' Flesh-colored Plates.
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. IS
year** experience.
nirr nnifll cor °«" Fourth and
CAFEHOMLs?*^
Will L. ■•**•••*■ 6c. Overcoat* and
Valises checked free.
River, bound for the Hot Spring country.
From there the party will have to tramp
sixty miles. It is headed by W. H.
Hayne, formerly of Santa Barbara.
Miller thinks that the Hayne party will
have a very hard time. The country is
swampy, and a man with a load sinks in
often to his knees. The cold weather was
about to shut in and "blackleg" was pre
valent throughout the region.
The Hanson had an easy passage to
port and arrived without accident on the
way.
LAST OF THE CIRCUS.
It Left Last Night for Redwood City
and San Jose.
M.ain's circus has gone, but it has left
a memory with those who saw it that will
insure a welcome for the show whenever
it chooses to return.
The final performance was given iast
evening to as full a tent as has attended
the week under canvas. There was the
usual programme, but for those who
wished to linger there was the breaking
up of It all. The going away was a show
in itself, and there were many who took
advantage of the opportunity and saw the
exhibition fold its tents and silently steal
away. There was no hurry, no rush, no
confusion. Every one knew just what to
do, and every one had a duty to perform,
and while an outsider was wondering
how the whole thing was going to get
away, the big tent collapsed and was
folded in sections, and then was off to
the cars waiting a block n-wny. The seats
had gone before the show was well over,
and the menagerie had disappeared be
fore the show v.&s out. The cook tent
went at dark; the acrobats and clowns
departed as soon as their acts were done,
and by 1 o'clock what had been all life
and action ami canvas and men and
horses, was only the old familiar Six
teenth and Folsom street ball grounds,
with here and there a hole in the earth
where a tent peg had helped to hold up
the show. It was like the going of an
army.
While it was here the circus made it
self popular, but it was no more popular
with the people as a show than its man
agers were with those they met in busi
ness. They were wonders in their way
as well, as was the sideshow. The man
in the ticket wagon. Warren A. Patrick,
was a worldbeater in his line. He holds
the record for selling tickets and for the
refusal ot" bad money. He can sell more
tickets than any man living, by acKial
count and in a shorter time, and in ail his
career with Main's he has accepted only
$1.55 in unpassable coin. He will not take
bad money. He has a natural aversion
to it that has the added advantage of long
cultivation. William Sells, who has
owned circuses of his own, is also on the
staff as manager of Main's, and to his ef
forts is due much of the popularity the
show earned for Itself. And there is also
the press agent, J. D. Harrison, whose
card is a guarantee of freedom with every
gatekeeper In the show and an assurance
of courtesy to every one whose business
leada him under the canvas.
Th<> show will be In Redwood City to
day and to-night and then it will go to
San Jose.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY
342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKR AND PIG IRON.
I f WIT SflN £f ft yio Battery Street.
J- t- UIL3UN tt CU-, Teiephone Main 1884.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Supt. H. BL.YTH, Mgr.
CW SMITH Ship Plumbing. Steamboat
V- TT* tjillllll; and Ship Work a Specialty. II
and 18 Washington st. Telephone Main 664 L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
■14? RftYFS&fft Shipping Butchers. 1M
i JA3- DUIEja VU-> Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS.
INI ftFSTAII 14 Kesrn **•• "P stalrs - Lttest
J. H* LVIJIAV, sty | eSi lowest prices, remodeling.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, X™ A £%&
st. Cas..ngs of Every Description Mads to
Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS.
WIII.AMFTTF pulp and paper co.
TV ILL AITIE I 1 C 722 Montgomery street.
PRINTIN3.
EC HUGHES) PRINTER, F.
■ \/ IILUUC3> Cll Sanscma et.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO Saga, fi^?»:
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic p T RI E 306 California
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL. r'^l
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. et Its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in th«
Market. Office and Yards — *50 Main street.
AMUSEMENTS.
POSITIVELY
LAST 6 DAYS
OF THE
MECHANICS' FAIR
AT
THE PAVILION.
The International Baby Show this afternoon;
come and see little Mary Angel, Roaie Peters,
Master John and Eddie James, th« cunning To-
kl-a Indian Babies, genuine American Babies.
Do not overlook the 4 Filipino Babies, between
30 and 40 colored babies, 25 Mongolian infants.
3 Japanese toddlers, 20 German prattlers, 16
blue and brown-eyed Celtic little ones, 8 bonny
Scotch bairnes, In fact, an ethnological infan-
tile congress, Liliputian In size but masta-
donic as to numbers. The gathering of the
future Presidents of the United States and
ladles of the White House. The timber from
which the edlilce of history is to be con-
structed.
TO-NIGHT, the great Yo-ki-a Indian War
Dance and the dance of the Green Corn, led
by Cart. Bill, Jeff Dick and ('apt. Charlie, In
the main hall in the center of the floor. Do
not miss It.
Tuesday night — United Turners.
Tuesday afternoon— Ladles' Souvenir day.
Wednesday— Grocers' Alliance and Woodmen
of the World night.
Thursday night— Odd Fellows' celebration.
Admission to the Fair. 25 cents.
Last six days of the FILIPINO CIRCUS.
Wednesday night— Kxriting voting contest.
ALCAZAR™
TO-NIGHT, MONDAY— AND THEN YOU
LAUGH.
ROLAND REED'S^
Roaring Farce Comedy.
Innocent as a Lamb!
Fun From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 51c.
NEXT WEEK- "JIM THE PENMAN."
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
AnniF~ THE '•GEISHA lAIVJC
/YLFOIC-GIRL AND HER-L»IUfNO
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW. AND
HARMON AND SEABURY,
The World's Champion
High Divers. v
AMATEUR NIGHT,
THURSDAY.
Phone for Beats. Park 23.
See the 15 GIANT GALAPAGOS. ALL ALIVE!
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE GRANT 33. -
(JEBENBAUM
«»-& CO.**
♦ 222-224 SUTTER STREET. 4
X — i
X SPECIAL REDUCTIONS i
♦ • 4
X Monday—Tuesday —Wednesday X
-f . ..+:
> — — .-■■ >
X Enameline Stove Polish 7 tins 25c X
+ For stoves, grates and ranges. Reg. -4-
♦ Stove Brushes 15c ♦
X Black Bristol, solid black. Reg. 25c. X
; X Buliach insect Powder 25c ♦
> Including Insect Powder Guns. >
-4. Positive exterminator of flies and 4.
+ every kind of insects. Reg. 35c. T
X Corn Meal, "Yellow" 10-lb sk 25c x
■*• ' Eastern extra cream. Reg. 35c.
I Sliver Drip Syrup, "Pure" X
4- 1 gal. can. % gal. can. 1 qt. +
4 Reg 75c. 40c. 25c. 4
4. Now OOc. 3Oc. 20c.
X Sardines, "Imported" 121-2ctin>
a. Lemoine brand, in pure olive oil. T"
T^ Reg. 15c. 4
4 Head Rice, Fancy Japan 20 lbs $1 X
4 Large whole grains. Reg. 14 lbs, »L 4
X Olive Oil, California 75c bot X
4- "Santa Ana." pure and wholesome. _^.
1 Kamamelis (Ext of Witch Hazel) f
I •<<■ >,» Pint. Pint. Quart. X
■(•■ 15c. 25c. 40c.
X Cranberries, c c a h p o e ic c Bod8 od qt 15c i
X 0 X Whisky Now 3 bots $2.00 %
".". Gallon $3-00-4-
T Sour mash, 7 years' old blend. Reg. 4
"^ $1 bottle, J4 gallon. 4
i + Rock & Rye, Eastern make bot 85c X
German rock candy and' pure rye 4
: ■*" whisky. Pleasant drink and good for 4
4 coughs and colds. Reg. $1. ■■ ■ 4-
X Cocktails, "Sunset brand" bot 85c X
4. Eastern production. Ready, for home T
a use. Martini. Manhattan,- Whisky. "*"
y Gin, Vermouth, Old Tom Gin.. Reg. 4
4 JUT, •- • ■ +
I fIH ADC Continuation sale of Clear 4
4. WIUARu Havana Key West "PER- .*.
4. FECTOS" at lOc T
x. CHATEAU LA ROSE 6 for 25C T
T Try California's Choicest- Table T
I Claret. "LA FAVORITA DE CALI- I"
X FORNIE." All your fri-enda use it. f
_y Ask for sample bottle— free. .. - "t"
J Country orders solicited. 4
•f We prepay freight within 100 miles. 4
AMUSEMENTS. •
HAWAIIAN QUEENS.
FOREST AND KING.
FELIX MORRIS A CO. ■■'■.:■ ; :
JENNIE YEAMANS.
FRANK CUSHMAN. ...
SEYMOUR AND DUfREB.
TERRY AND LAMBERT.
STINSON AND MORTON.
Reserved Seats. 25 cents; Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera Chairs and Box Seats, 50 cents.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday!
COLUMBIA^
MODJESKA.
Assisted by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD,
And a Company of Players, Under the Direc-
tion of Mr. John C. Fisher. . ■"■ '• r
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
"MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING."
Tuesday, Thursday and Friday Evenings, .
"JV\f\mr STUART."
* Wednesday and Saturday Evenings,
"MACBETH."
NEXT MONDAY '- " HOTEL TOPSY
TURVY," with EDDIE FOY.
I TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA. SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
"THE MIKADO"
U alba iwgEl%nW
First Appearance of ALF. C. WHELAN.
"MIKADO" repeated Thursday. Sunday Even-
ings and Saturday Matinee. '
GRAND OPERA NIGHTS.
Tuesday »...,.' 'AIDA"
Wednesday ," ,
•••■AVALL.ERIA" and "PAGLIACCI"
Friday, Saturday "CARMEN"
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 60c.
Telephone for Seats. Bush 9.
CALIFORNIA THEATER. 2U*«**
jLMJm*^ Tremendous enthu-
/g&fcfSljV^ ' Fiasm. Crowded to
£$&sf*>~ii*ys ! &± the doors ' last night, i
eS'^iiJSg^jasr^tWv mr. hen hen-
J^SS^tV^^it^wk bIUCKS, . " presenting
P- v *^V ,^B the hew Swedish dla-
w*^ , * ; W lect comedy-drama
jgCSKJ-PS-r^ -jj " A YENUINE YEN-
&grS?q ®^. C» TLEMAN;" '
w > r^ in* See the North °* r -
vtr'n&i Jfe. V man Lloyd Steamer.
l&'J 9 * >i / Coeur d'Alene Gold
\'cs£f^+r? r Mine. Gorgeous Seen-
M&=z-X * I cry. Startling Ef-
jSF*f&>- '* : \/vJV fefts. Popular Prices
>^ffi^fe^fe* ; S</l\ —Evening 75c, 50c and
V&\ HWX / ?\ 2"..-; Matinees <Satur-
X% \rß&n^£f / ; -> day and Sunday), 50c
uC.JftEB.@Lr s''' : nd 25c ' Attraction to
*&ir^*gm follow. NANCE
** O'NEIL and her Lon-
— ■ don company. ----.
'grand OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
THIS EVENING.
Perfect and Surpassing Revival of Planquette'a
Delightful Legendary Comic . Opera,
HIP VAILWINKLE.
SUPERB CAST OF PRINCIPALS.
The Largest and Best Orchestra ?ri
Chorus in the City.
Usual Popular Prices— lCc, 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
At Saturday Matinee Best Reserved Seat. 25c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIUM.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899 -CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB-1900
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep-
tember 23, 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
1 Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th»
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
mrdu Mole connect with San Pablo avenua
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland
These electric cars go direct to the track in tit-
teen minutes.
Returning— leave the track at 4:18 and
4:« p. m. aajd Immediately after the last race,
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR. PresldaUL
B. n. MILROY. Secretary.
56
%est
ROYAL FLUSH
TOO FAST FOR
GAME BRUTUS
Wins the Open Stake at Union
Park-D. J. Healey Cap
tures Sapling Stake.
Fra.nk MeComb's grand black grey
hound by Rkyrocket-BlaekWrd worked his
■..winning way through the open stake at
.'/l*nion : Coursing Park yesterday and oar
ried off all the honors, li. defeated Star
.of Cuba by live points to nothing; Lav r
" ender. seven to five; Minneola, seven to
one; Metallic five to nothing; M" 1 - ten
to l'.atir, and then shut out Brutus point-
Jess in the final. To the surprise of the
• spectators. Lavender, a mite of a grey
hound,, gave Royal Flush his hardest
. course. The black dog had the greater
;>peed, but, placing Lavender; she ran the
. .score to five even. The hare then fa
vored Flush In a -slight degree, and he
'.' kilted <iuiekly, thereby saving his back
ersl
' The: meeting of Royal Flush and Metal
lic in- the fourth round was looked for
ward to as the sensational ■:-•■ of the
day. Thai difference of opinion which
• • ijiakes horse racing ami ■ " rsing was
• ;jjre"atiy In evidence; the spectators being
/.evenly divided as to th<- merits ol the
•;-.iops. : - >V;beii they went to the slips ull
;. :i)6lh« of vantagre- from which the course
■ ••o.nlrf be vit-weu w< :• Jllled. The •contest
• was in a degree, disappointing. Both ran
■iike a. double team for fully two hundred
•' : *arirts; when the hare bent slightly to
• : ' Flush:. He went in and killed before
■. Metallic could .score. v ■■■'.
■■ . • "■■Brutus went into the final round for the
: Vim. tinir. ■ Mis courses throughout the
.iiay'.w^re uniformly short and did not take
: • ihiVch ."out '6f .him.
•■'•;■ IV-.K HeaJoy's saplings ran one -two in
• 'ine'.. final a mf divided nnn and .second
;': ; »nofiey without running for it. Al Aus
: x)\i'< "l.'os Angeles ran third, defeating the
.;i.hii'd,of tlie-Healey representatives. Rip
:" ' ThP sport throughout the day was of an
t-'.'ft\'~exP character and was witnessed by an
. tinufiiallv large number of spectators. Che
. resulta p£ the running follow:
'..Sapling stafce^M. Dunleas Erin beat E.
v> or ta Sophie, IS to 1; I). J. Healey a Ms^uoc
■(wi V: J, Reiney** ltoyal Cnion. If. to !*; D.
j- llealeys iJlita beat J>. Murgaii's Amerieu?.
■ ::! to 1; Al Austin s |.os Angeles beat i>. J. Hea
. /r-y's Riuple^.lH »v S- , . . , ,
.'• Second round— Slaquoc beat -■ hie, 17 to 12;
.iiiirabe;H I*> AnKWl.e». -T i" '•: O. J. Ilealey's
' . jji;n and Si«iu ■ illvided first and second
' :" : 'OpE>n<uakt>-n. E. <Ie i:. I. , • /." Wanda beat
• -Pasha Kennels' Rest Assured. -:i to 7. (J. \\'.
Abercronil>it's Victor King beat M. Mi. hack's
• <;len Roy.'i 3- to i\i: T. J. Cronin'? Thornnill
■ Wat " J. . Kmiasi's Koyal Uuck. 0 to 2: Pasha
.Kennels' Metallic beat H. a. Deckelman's I.uw
' . lehie.-Sto 4- tlandy .v Smith's Petroniu* heat
•'. ■I i.. IK i ■'.- Lexington, 10 ... . -; R. K. de B. Lo
"■]..•/.•• Minneitla i.eat K. M. Kellogg' 8 Kid McCoy.
' 7 'to'::!- J. M: Halton (names) Lavender beat J.
.Kennedy's Ever Shore, s to 2; F. A. McComb'a
.. ■ [loyal Flii'sn. b<-Ht .1. Hurley's Star of Cuba,
'■ f' .t«- : 0;; J. . iirift'H St. Michael beat V.
i O'Brien's: Fury. Z6 to 16; <;. •W. Abercrombie'a
■' -JiiK'k. islamr Boy beat "*. CrorUn'a Peg the
• B.lS'to 7: Land« ,v Gerber'B Onward beat
■■ ■. -W'.-./.P.' ponnor'a Peaceful (ilen. v to 2; Cohnell
'..tn-oi«.':' Heiji-i-ita bent Handy & Smith's Ida. .' to
l!:-I).J. il»-<tley'^ AinmiiHtt beat 'A. W. Jones'
• i'tistap'. j id 6; R. 1.. Taylor's Mose beat A.
:.'Sra. t s='*'y's Hadlwlst; t; to 0: K.i Evatt's Hurrt
:' »-.'i Vie beat Connell Hro«.' I^.ik Hoy, 7 to 5; D.
..I. llealpy's O'Hara bt-Kt ,1. Jones' Gallrant, 11
: in l':-..l:.'r;. Tliiifts Brutus lieat I>. .1. llealey's
■ .Kusly'dQldi'S ti> 0: Pasha Kennels' Firm Friend
.." '. T.oat %L Sheridan's .Foreat Kinx. il to s: .1. Ker
.rißnn's.Conqueror beat Lowe .' Thompson's St.
: oran; V to i; .1. Kennedy's Wine Weat beat H.
■.. T'.vnrji"!' tifiltPrer," ■ to -: Pasha Kennels'- limin
i'Hsha: he.Ht -.1. [Mekxm's Black lu•«^. It to 3;
«3eonJe;li'nnsen'B Fireball, a bye.
."•Sei -i>inl nnsnii— \'l<-t..r Kins heat Wanda, 17 to
..'■<: Metallic l)«at Tiiornhlll, 6 to 0: Minneola Ijeat
• r'etmntu*; 10 to >: Royal Flush beat Lavender,
, : 7 t. . ..".; St. ..Mh-ha>*l eat Rock [aland Utiy. :> to
".:i; - ■■.!-:. i- '.'■;!■ Onward, • to I; Muse beat
• An ion's;;:.- « t.o ii; Hurricane b.-at O'llara. ■'. to
'v.Hniiiis beaj Firm Prlend, 4 to '.'; Conqueror
. l-M Nvin'i' West. 3 to .'; l.'mm Pasha beat Fire
ball li'tirr
' :'Tli!.4'<l rolinil— iletalllc beat Victor King. 6 to
' •'■! :' : lii'y:il. !'lu=h 'u^at Minneola. 7 to I; Senorit*
' ."->iea-t :S\.. Mh-hael. to v; Most? bfat Hurricane.
•».t»:. •-.; Brutus l. t -at Conqueror, ti to 0; Kniln
'•■■ •T.'HiOia..' a, bye.
::.'"- v -Fourlli 'round— Royal Flush beat Metallic, :•
■ 'X<> 0: M — i ••- ii Si»n. i ;:... ir, to 3; ■■ itua beat
.?;^stilri'Pasn\a. 4 to o.
'; •• .T'lTtfl ruiiinl— Hoyal Flush beat M ■•. 10 to 4;
.- VFinaflr-Royal Flush beat Brutus, pointless.
■
The open stake at the Ingleside Cours
. .lug- Pari;, was won yesterday by Luxor.
: . The" dog was iii good form, but though
••he-.wdn She stake it does not prove that
. : he was the best. All day "he was for
tuna Every time be was slipped he
was more' or less favored by the hares.
Tea Hose was not up to a liritsing course
. as. was proven In the fourth round, when
: she .run a long and siting bye with Pleas
. ant Girl, and on account of the hot pace
was .Withdrawn by her owners. Lucretia
• Borgia and Safeguard ran the longest
..-course of., the -day — four minutes and one
tilth second. Safeguard won by a score of
38 to l.L : Mamie Pleasant was good and
': :w'as -only pin out in the fourth round bv
..-.the' wini/.-.r ' of the stake by a very small
■margin' of points. The results of the day
' we're • as follows;
/Open - : stake, flrst round -Connell Bros.'
at;i.;ji re. Pleasant I".]' .1. Douce' a Sarcastic; II.
A. -'.Deckelihun'* Prince George beat .lames
: Byrnea*" Battleship; T. Mcluerney's Johnnie II
..beat Joe Perry's Commodore Nash; I). Cuella'a
cfofderi liUHset le-at "Murphy & Toland's Pleas
ant "Girl; ' J. McHugh's . Maid of the Mill
V-eat M-' Loiidun's Magneto; Connell Bros ' St.
Helen beat .1. Llnehan'a Racine; V. Guerrero's
SHence' beat T. J. Cronln's Defend; K. M.
KeHr>Kg.'s. Iowa Girl beat J. Mooney's Silent
Treasury : ■ 1). Shannon'* Poubrett* beat T. ,1.
McHtMth'a Moss KoS'-; .1. Rouning'a Derapsey
Lass beat ; Xlurphy .<• Toland'a Twilight !<ass:
T. .1. . Meluerney'a ' Tommy Hex . beat W. I.
Traders Wandering T.tm: Curtis & Son's
Luxor heat T... Mannix's Water Witch; T. J.
Cronta't Rose of Tralee beat P. M. (,'larkson's
BlaCk Hawk; .i i>"Dov I >• Shootover beat .1.
('pieman's - Norman; Murphy & inland's Tea
Rote beat Curtis & Son'-* Maud S; Curtis &
' Son's -Cash -beat D. Shannon's Bulaun; Curtis
& Son's C«ish heat W. ii. Shear's Chauncey;
T-.'-LoRan's Miss Grizzle beat T. J. Cronln's
Maid of Bail; .lames Hurley's Lucretia Bor
gia beat .lathes Byrnes' Nellie H: D. Shan
non'a Safeguard beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan.
.Second round Mamie Pleasant beat Prince
Georjre: Johnnie R beat Golden Russet; St
Helen beat Maid of the Mill; Iowa Girl beat
Silence; Soubrette beat Dempaey I. ass: Luxor
heal Tommy Rex; Rose of Tralee heat Shoot
over; Tea Rose beat i ash; Vulcnn ran a bye
on account of Miss Orlzzle being: withdrawn;
Safcjcttard . beat Lucretia Borgia.
Third round Mamie Pleasant heat Johnnie
It: St. Helen beat Iowa Girl; Luxor bent So i
lifette: Vtilcari heat Pose of Tralee: Tea Rose
rati a bye on account of Safeguard being wit
drawn. -
Fourth round— Luxor beat Mamie Pleasant;
St. -Helen beat Vulcan; Ten Ttose ran a bye.
Final— Luxor beat St. Helen.
1.1 I*l
STOCKTON*. Oct. I.—Bounding Belle
won the stake at th coursing meeting
ere to-«ay. Cash Day war? necond and
Magnesia bird. There, was a large at
tendant. '
Sunday's Handball Games.
At Phil Ryan's court yesterday the ex
j»fcled game of singles between J. White
ami .1. Collins did not come off, "wing to
mi Injury to one. of White's hands, it |
wil! be played next Bunda- The other !
games won and lost' were: . I
O. !'. McDonald ami 11. FUcoullat d-ffaic] I.
■ i M. McNeiL Hcore: Ji-9, 12 21,
l , |-. l. y and r. Hen in def ated M. J. -
iiii.i .1. Caj-ej . Score: 2 . -i 14.
\i .1 Sheehan L,ri i .1. It. Bockman defeated
nch and E. McDonough. Score: 31 !■
:- 8.
B. Barrj and M. Kirby defeated i». Ryan anj
.i. Kirhy. Score: :'l 11. n n. !
Charles Smith and P. Munz defeated Charles
l.alcln anil I-'. Carney. Score: "1 — 10, 17—21,
Upii dementi md Frank Hurke <Jpfeated Wil
liam Colllna ami i-;. Murphy. Hcore: 21—20,
IS— 2l. 21—16.
WiUlam Collins and Ben Clements defeated
William H&BSC-I and It. Dolaji. Scort: 21—6,
17—21. 21—9.
M. Kill, and T. Foley defeated W. Williams
and C. loiter. Score: 21—11, 9— 21, 21— 15.
w Walsh and W. Flelier defeated C. I^it»r
Hurt .1 Hngan. Score: - 21— S. 11—21, 21—17.
M. J. Kilcallon and it. Mnehan defeated J.
"White and J. Harlow. Score: 21—10, ]"— 2l,
21—14.
P. Donnelly and.R. I.inpiian defeated M. J.
Klljrallon and J. White. Score: C— l 3, 15—21.
Sporting Svents from JUI Over the World.
SHOOTERS OF
DUCKS ENJOY
GOOD SPORT
Opening of the Hunting
Season in Fcur Coun
ties
Tho banging of shotguns on the marshes
around the bay y< tei y signaled the
advent of the open season i"i- <!w. ks In
Solano, Napa and Contra Costa counties.
Hundreds ol sportsmen left .^;m Fran
.-' iturtlay iiiglit in order to reach i lie
hunting grounds ready for the Bport .'it
daylight. ' rlty >>:' them headed
" r th( Solano >oi :i\y marshes around
Suisun, whirl) is regarded as the ideal
spot i'<ir duck hunting. A few w< nt :•> Al
varado, but the preserves in that section
of the State are yet rather dry, and the
h.i^s were small.
The < nympic * ;un Clul
delegation to the Cord . and :
. enty shooi ing sta no - n it<
i" ' ■ > n i early dawn until late in
noon. There was no scarcftj of ducks,
mostly sprigs, notwithstanding the lack
» >f water In the ponds and marshes. But
the weathei w,.> so calm that tin ducks
flew rather high and were hard to decoy, I
s<> that vsiiii.- as a £■ utral thing the hunt
ers returned to the clubhouse with g
they could not i.onst of extraordi
nary luck. Accurate figures are not ob
tainable, bul at ;i conservative estimate
thi total number 01 tiirds secured will
reac{) 200.
The following members participated in
the sport: F. V. i.. 11, .1. C. Jens< n, 11. K. ',
11. H. Wint. . Howard Black. W. li.
Phelps, A. F. Hoepke. VV. A. Marshall,
Dr. A. T. Derby, George Walker, l\ B.
Surryhne, 11. L. Miller: .!. J. Winner, L.
W. Hasphan, M. C. Allen. VV. F. Foster
Di <;. W. ICleiser, Robert tl. Delafield. :
W. Hlrshfield. L. Bocqueraz. Edward
Dubedat. V. V. Harrier. X. !•;. Linger \ !
M. Shields. L. Titus, Dr F. J. Lane I'
w. Peters, K. Hirschel and W. 11. Rous
sel.
The H!a. k Jack Club senl a small dele
gation to the preserves at Sherman Fnjand
Including "Jack" Lemmer, •■Kerf Wy-
man. "Billy McCrea, "Hilly" Swain and?
"Charlie" l>u-tz. and they succeeded in !
bagging a goodly number of birds.
Elaborate preparations had ),r-t-n made
for the opening shoot of the season by the
Siiisuii <;nn Club, and more than two him- .
dred ducks was t } i • ■ result of their ••fforts
for the day. As In the case of the oiym- i
jii.- clubrrien, the Suisun hunters were]
somewhat handlcapoed by the ducks fly
ing high ;iiiil refusing to associate with
iht- seductive decoys, but those th;it ven- j
tured within range of tin- waiting shot
guns usually jiiiid the forfeit with their
liv.-s.
The Pringle Gun Club, whose preserves
are on the Peyton tract, near Suisun, also
made great preparations for u<> day's I
sport. The preserves had been heavily
JiaitfiJ. and us v result fully 150 din-ks ,
were baKE*''' by the club members.
in addition to the above numerous par*
tics of dink hunters scattered through
thp marshes of Contra Costa and Santa.
Clara counties. Around Martinez there
was sonif good sport, and a few ducks
were bagged on the Alviso marshes, l>ut
as a ruit- the dmks were not as plentiful^
in these sections as was deßired. The
numbanlmf-iit they received In ihp Suisun
marshes, however, Is expected to drive
them south, and with the adveni of the'
flr^t s<"»'l rain storm th>- shooting will im- j
prove i')" per cent on all i.he preserves. In
Mendoi inu County and the counties other
tl!;;n those named the law prohibits the j
.shooting of ducks before the Ist of No
vember.
SHELL MOUND SCORES.
Deutscher Krieger Verein Holds Its
Monthly Shoot.
Only three organizations put in an ap
nce ai the Shell Mound ranges yes
terday, I'l". the members were rewarded
with an !<i»:il day from a marksman's
point nf view. Representatives of the
sharpshooters' section of the Deutscher
Krieger Verein, the Naval Battalion, X.
<;. c., and the Independent Rifles scored
:<^ follows:
Monthly Mf-.lal Shuot of the Inilf-pcndent
Rifles Sergeant < \ Andrews 41, Sergeant G. W.
Mitchell 41. Lieutenant J. Staude S», J. K'i!.i!;.
- ■, i .- i:. Woi Mungton 'i~!, I .. Gill
:;:.. i oporal .!. StaiM
in a team shoot J. Kuhlk-- itn.i J. Staude each
scored 21 againtt ( '. Btaad< » 18 ami c. An
dn »»' 21.
Monthly Medal shoot Naval Militia, V <:. C,
Plret Division -C. Severance SB, W. Llndecker
Miller 29, T. Randy "4, a. Quinlan 4.. H.
Harris '». M. Stammer :■•'. C. Olnen SO. S. Heat
tie ::.. C. Murphy 3U. .T. Smith 37, D. Hush 32.
Second Divlslon-^-B. HoUiday 41. W. Garrett
I.. I' Paris 34, X. I.uer-H'ix 39, T. Blake 35 N.
Burgeei :;;. A. McKee a \v. Maekay 32, D.
GarrlrJc 31, J. \<. Burke 42, A. t tilton 82, T. 1..
Button -10, «'. EUchtei 80, M. t':it;i-a:i 32 l>.
Ahem 31. T. I'lnk.m 27, i> HcMUlan 57 M'
Uuckley 87, J. Kelley 28, 1 1. Holbrook 82.
KiiKlneers' Dlviaion— Lieutenanl Bonney 41, T.
Sandon cr>.
Monthly Bnllaeye Shoot of the Deutscher
Krieffer Vereto— First prise; V. Kaiser: second
Qeors« lletzel; third. X. Sllberaohn; fourth C.
WepKemnnn.
Monthly Medal ■ Champion class
<;•••. Hetzel (78: first class. O. Dammer 859*
set md class, X. Sllberaohn '■:>'*; third class. i. -
Laubacher 271; first beat shot, C. VVeKnemann
23. last best shot, V. Kaiser 23; most centers l".
Kaiser.
"P cannot understand zr lang&age'," said
the despairing Frenchman. "I Irani how
to pronounce ze word 'hydrophobia*' and
zen I learn zat ze doctors sometimes pro
nounce It fatal."— Exchang-e.
THE SAN FKAJNCIBCU CAT,!.., MONDAY. OCTOBER 2. 1899.
AUSTRIANS'
PICNIC WAS A
BIG SUCCESS
M. Perich, President of Asso
ciation, Makes Top Score
in the Target Shoot.
The twenty-first annual target shoot and
picnic gH'en by ihc- Austrian Military and
Benevolent Association at Shell Mound
Park yesterday was a grpat success. Over
pleasure seekers at the
grounds, and there whs unlimited enjoy
for young n nd n!d.
'I'hf uniformed company to thr- number of
fifty marched down to the ferry from the
hall, corner <>f Suttee and Powell streets,
in the morning, under the command of
Captain M. Sabadin, headed by the Aus
trian military band.
One hundred and fifty valuable prizps
were distributed at the pate and the
'•tombola." or wheel of fortune. Dancing
under the direction of Floor Manager B
Raddlch and his assistant. M. Radulovich
proved an Interesting feature of the affair!
Among those present was N. Sturiza
who organized the association In W<7 ; ,.>id
has liH.-n a zealous workei In its behalf
ever since.
The association numbers 'Sl'< members
and iias sio.d'H) in the treasury*. It ha<
paid out $40,000 during its existence in sick
and death benefits, and it is a power in
the local Austrian colony.
In the target shorn for prizes' M. Porich,
the president, made the highest score
with the rifle .-f 200 yards and won ;he
gold medal offered by the company. The
OFFiCERS OF THE AUSTRIAN BtNEVOLENT ASSOCIATION-
other prize-winners are: M. Radulovich,
I. Baulovlch, .G. Pnstlch. M. Raddich, G.
Perich, X. Sturiza. M. Tovarac, .1. Petru
sith. 1,. Vlaki, J. Pak:is;.\ N. Mikolovich,
1.. Perovich. M. Mezetich, J. . M. Sam
brado. V. Radovan, J. Donjanovich. N.
Borina. C. Cristovich, George Paulevich
G. Eredeliav, A. Michovich, B. Burin, G.
Bimcuch, D. Bujaceth, Q. Moretich, N
Metovich. J. «Yfatteslch, M. Meladin. M.
Raicevlch. N. Balich, J. M.. Russell, Cap
tain M." Sahadin.
Following' are the officers of the associa
tion: M. Perich, president; A. Batchla,
vice president; P. Saulovich, recording
secretary. G. Mostahlnich, financial sec
retary; I. Svetinich. treasurer.
The committee which made the affair a
success was composed as follows: C. Rad
ovan (chairman), P. Saulovich fsecret.Yry)
M. Perich, A. X. Batchla, M. Sabadin. "P.
Svetinich, G. Mostahinich., J. M. Russell
M. M. Burin. J. Turato. A. Popovich. F.
Martlndch, P. Damjanovlch, G. Pusticii,
N. Borina, C. Petrusich. J. Ivanovich, J.
Josich, N. Matecivich.N. Purin. - • •
YACHTS ARE
READY FOR
THEIR RACES
Columbia and Shamrock Will
Meet To-Morrow in the
?irst of the Cup Races.
NEW YORK. Cct. I.— The Columbia
and Shamrock will tu^et in their lirst race
for the America cup at about 11 o'clock
Tu< sday morning. It is expected that it
will prove a < on test as earnest and in
teresting as any that have preceded it
for the international yachting trophy,
wherein skill and judgment will p!;ty as
ißipontanf a part as the. speed of the
respective boats.
The first rave will he over a course of
thirty miles, starting: from Sandy Hook
lightship to windward or leeward, ac
cording to the direction of the breeze.
The second rate will be triangular, ten
miles to a leg, and will be Balled <>n
Thursday it' no serious accident happens
to the yachts on Tuesday. And so the
contest will alternate in matter of courses
every other day until one of t li »- yachts
has won t in ee races.
The New York Yacht Club officials have
been striviiiu for months to complete
their arrangements with a view to a
satisfactory and pleasant termination of
the match. Everything possible under the
circumstances has been done to this end,
and if the public lend them a hand suc
cess must attend their efforts.
According to the agreement under which j
the raits arc to he sailed the winner of!
three out of the Beries of live is to keep!
or take the ••up. as the case may be. The
dates fixed are October ?,. October 5 and <
October 7. and if it is necessary to sail!
five races the following Tuesday and
Thursday are the extra days named for
ihe contest. The conditions which gov
ern the races are that the first race shall
be to windward or to leeward and return:
second race, an equilatorical triangle;
third race, similar to the lirst : fourth,
similar to the second: fifth race, similar;
to the first. The .-.nirses shall be as near- j
ly as possible thirty nautical miles.
Because "t the lay of the land— the
position of the coasts of Ixing Island and
New Jersey— the starting point for each
race is likely to bo the Sandy Hook
lightship— the red hulk that is anchored
about seven miles to the eastward of the
point of t he hook. But at times the wind
comes so that the Scotland lightship, a
yellow hulk four and an eighth miles
nearer Sandy Hook, is more convenient,
and ii might easily happen that it would
be used, especially in the triangular
course.
The starting line is to be formed by the
fiagphip of the New Fork Yacht Club,
anchoring near one of the lightships men
tioned. The usual distance is two hun
dred yards, but there is no specified dis
tance in the agreement. A preparatory
gun on the flagship will be fired fifteen
minuti s before the crossing time. Ten
: minutes later a warning gun will be Bred
and iii five minutes the third gun. which
, is the starting signal. The racers have
two minutes left in which they may cross.
i and a fourth gun will announce the etui
j of that limit. Each will be timed on the
I second It crosses. Bach race is to be
started a 1 li o'clock If possible, but a dead
calm or a fog or a heavy gale— a real
storm- would necessarily postpone the
race, and it is agreed that no race shall
be started after 1 2 : :><j o'clock.
Further than that, to avoid a drifting
I match, wherein a boat may win rather by
I luck than by the qualities of yachts or
I ir. ws, it is agreed that if one of the
| yachts Is not at the home line within five
hours and thirty minutes after the start
the race shall be declared off and the
same* course Will then be laid out on the
next race day.
.Another very important agreement re.
lates to accident. If a yacht la seriously
crippled by accident before the race la
started time for repairs will be allowed
but it anything carries away after the
signal the sufferer must do its best with
its repairs as it sails the course and take
the consequences. For this Is to be a test
of construction as well as of design and '
seamanship.
True to Nacure.
Artist (showing picture)— Now, my <iear
Gilmer, s;ivt» mo your candid opinion of
my wood nymphs.
Gilmer— Perfect, my dear hoy. Ono wo'tid
actually think they were made of«wood.
The artist is thinking this compliment
over.— Tit-Bits.
A fast man is generally slow pay.
SAN FRANCISCO
CAPTURES THE
THREE GAMES
Easy Victories for the Loca
Team on the Oakland and
Recreation Diamonds.
San Francisco 6, Santa Cruz 2.
! Three straight gamps taken from a
1 bunch of Lobsters was the work of the
local balltossers this week. It was sim
'< ply a case of working the batting eye and
bunching hits at opportune moments.
' And now, Harris says, he is himself again.
; There were plenty of hits on the Recre-
a tion Grounds diamond yesterday after
i noon and occasionally a moment of excite
' ment. Whalen. the sand-promenader,
was found at the outset, and the three
runs made by San Francisco In the first
inning were all-sufficient to have won the
game. Brockhoff was urst at bat, and he
rapped out a single, taking the second
i bag on a passed ball and third on Hilde
brand's hit. Krug sent both Brockhoff
and Hildebrand home with a hit which
I provoked some wild juggling and bad
throwing by Streib and Devereaux; so
< Krug crossed the bag before Santa Cruz
■ realized the game was on.
In the fifth Santa Cruz put a mark on
the store board. Babbitt hit one of Fire
man Fitz's ln-curves for two bags, and
! Devereaux, who followed him to the bat,
grew envious and did likewise. One other
; run was affixed to the Santa Cruz score
in the eighth inning. Devereaux received
a present of the first bag. and there he re
! mained while two of his brothers bought
'. tombstones. Fitz wanted to make a clean
i sweep of it. and he threw to first to catch
Devereaux napping. Fitz's aim was bad,
and the ball rolled over by the fence.
I Devereaux kept moving around the bags,
! and Courtney tried to stall him off at
third, but another wild throw resulted,
and Devereaux scored.
In the sixth inning Sullivan, Courtney
| and Pyne scored for the locals.
I Two sensational catches were made dur
: ing the game— one by Muller, who pulled
I down a long drive over the left-field foul
I line, and another by Drennan, who came
all the way from deep center to the infield
for a high fly that sent Brockhoff from
the plate to the bench. The score was:
•SAN FRANCISCO .
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, s. s 4 112 3 2 0
iliidebrand, r. f 4 12 0 4 0 0
Krug-, 2 b 4 110-431
• Sullivan, c 2 1114 1-0
Courtney, 1 b 2 1 0 0 6 0 2
Reilly. 3 b 3 0 2 0 2 3 0
I Pyne. c. l 4 110 2 10
. Muller, 1. f 4 0 2 0 3'o 0
Pltzpatrick, p 4 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 31 fi 10 3 27 12 3
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. 1!. i:JI SI!. PO. A. E. '
Williams. 2 b 4 0 0 0 2 1 0
Babbitt, s. s 4 12 0 5 4 0
Deveraux, 3 b 4 1 1 0 1 3 1
Drennan, <•. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Clark, r. f 3 0 0 0 4 10
Btreib, 1 b 3 0 2 0 11 0 0
Dalrymple, I. i 4 0 2 0 0 0 1
• Morrow, c 4*20331
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 0 10
Totals 33 2 9 0 27 13 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 3 00003000—6
Base hits 3 0 110 3 0 l 1— ;
Santa Crux 0 000100 10—2
Base hits 0 10 220130—
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Fltzpatrlck 1. Whalen
4. Two-base- hits- Rellly 2. Babbitt, Deveraux, I
I Sullivan. Sacriflc -Rellly. First base on \
I error— Santa Cruz. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 6, Santa Cruz S. Left
on bases— San -Francisco 5, Santa Cruz 10.
j Struck out — By Fitzpatrick '1. by Whalen 3.
i Hit by pitcher— Streib. Double plays— Clark
I to Streib. Reilly to Kniß, Williams to Bab
i bitt to Streib, Babbitt to Streib. Umpire-
Graves. Official scorer— J. W. Stapleton.
MORNING GAME.
San Francisco 9, Santa Cruz 5.
At Oakland yesterday morning the
crowd was-- treated to a Fourth of July
fireworks display, without the fog-. Both
llmrs and Andrews were hit hard and
often, and all runs were in a groat meas
ure the result of whacking stick work.
In the first inning Broc-khoft was given
a base on balls, and Hlldebrand followed
to thp first bag on an error by Williams,
Brockhoff going to third. A hit by Krug
Bcored Brockhoff, and later on a hit by
Courtney gave Hildebrand and Krug a
chance to add two runs to the list. In
the third inning Krug and Sullivan scored
for the locals.
The fourth inning was the lobsters'
own. Williams made first on an error,
and hits by Devereaux and Drennan
hroupht him over the rubber. A safe hit
by ("lark filled all bags. Streib found the
ball for a bit. and Devereaux scored, but
• 'lark perished at second. Drennan was
the last of the Lobsters to be sent home
this inning. A fumble by Reilly of Dal
rymple's grounder was the moving cause.
The very next inning San Francisco
added three more runs to the score. Hil
debrand opened with a home run, Sullivan
was hit by the pitcher and Courtney and
Reilly Bwatted the ball for a couple of
iwo-iiagKirs, Sullivan and Courtney scor
ing. In the eighth San Francisco attached
the ninth run to its list.
This same inning brought a brace of
runs to Santa Cruz. A single by Drennan.
followed by a thivc-bagger from Clark's
bat was responsible for the first run.
Clark scored "ti Dalrymple's out.
The score was:
SAN FRAXCISCO.
AB. R. 811. SB. PO. A. E.
Rrooklioff. s. 8 4 1 1 i 0 2 0
Hlhiebrand, r. f 4 2 10 2 0 0
Krug, 2d b a ■: s o 2 3 o
Sullivan, c 4 2 2 0 In l 0
<uiirtney. Ist b 4 1 2 0 9 0 0
Reilly, 3d b • 4 0 2 0 1 4 2
Pyne. c. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Miiller. 1. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Iburg, p 4 110 0 10
Totals M 9 13 1 27 11 2
SANTA CRUZ..
AB. R. Bfl. SB. PO. A. E.
William*. 2d b 5 10 0 5 5 2
Babbitt, s. s 5 0 10 3 3 0
Devereaux, Mb 5 l 2 o o i l
Drennan. c. t 4 2 3 0 3 0 0
Clark, p. f 4 12 0 2 10
StreiK iFt h 4 0 1 (I 8 0 0
I>alrvmi.]e. 1. f 4 0 0 0 4 d ("
Morrow, c 4 0 It 0 2 2ft
Andrews, p 4 0 2 0 0 1 0
Totals 39 5 11 0 27 13 3
RUNS AND HITS IJY INNINGS.
San Francisco 3 0203 0010—9
Base hits :'. II » 0 4 1 0 1 I—l 3
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 3 0 0 0 2 o—6
Base hits 0 1 0 S 2 1 1 2 1-11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— lburp, 2: Andrews. 6,
Home run— Hildebrand. Three-base bit— Clark.
Two-base hits — Kellly <2>. Courtney. Brock
hoff. Sacrifice hit— Courtney. First base on er
rors — San Francisco, :t: Santa t'ruz, 2. First
U:h» on called balls— San Francisco, 2. I^eft on
bases- San Francisco, f. ; Santa Cruz. 7. Struck
out- -By I burs. :*: by Andrew?. 2. Hit liv
pitcher— Sullivan. Double plays— Clark v> Bab
bitt: Williams to Babbitt; Babbitt to Williams
to Streib. wild Ditch— Andrews. Time of
game — 1:60. t'mpire— Graves. Official scorer —
H S. McFarlin.
Oakland Team Wins.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. :.— Oakland won
from Sacramento again to-day in one of
the raggedest. slowest games of the sea
son, regardless of the fact that there were
three home runs, two doubles and a "Gar
rison" finish. The game was replete with
errors and stupid plays. The home runa
were due to the high north
wind, which swept fly halls out
of bounds. Doyle relieved Har
vey in the sixth. Harper was wild
much of the time and was hit freely. Um
pire O'Connell shut Oakland out of a run
in the eighth, which would have tied the
score. Regardless of adverse circum
stances, the Duties braced up in the ninth
and by a base on balls, two errors by the
locals and Schmeer's base drive won the
game. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McLaughlln, l. f.. 3 o 0 o 3 o i
Harvey, p. &r. f.. r> l l o o j o
Pare. 1 b E I 1 n B \ n
Hasan, s. s 5 11118 2
Stanley, c 5 0 10 4 1
Doyle, r. t & p.... 4 110 0 2 0
Shanahan. c. f 4 1 1110 1
Stultz, 2 I) 4 2 2 0 2 2 I
Sheehan, 3 b 3 0 2 0 2 0 3
Totals 3$ 7 10 : »;5 15 9
•One out when winning run was scored.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Hutchlnson, 1 b 5 8 1 »> 9 o 0
Hammond, c 3 2 0 1 8 l o
Hardie. r. f 4 0 10 10 0
Donovan, c. f 4 0 2 2 I.
Dunleavy. 2 b 5 10 0 3 2 0
Lange, 3 I) 5 112 13 0
Schmeer, s. • s 4 0 10 2 4 3
MoskiniKn. I. f 3 1 0 0 1 0 i
Harper, p 4 2 1 00 2 1
**Borchers 01 0 0 0 ii 0
Totals 37 1 8 5 '25 12 5
•Doyle out on infield fly.
•"Batted for Donovan in the ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 13 10 2 0 0 — 7
Base hits 0 2 12 10 11 2—lo
Oakland 1 0 10 l 2 0 1 2—B
Base hits 0 01022111— S
SUMMARY.
Runs resDonsible for— Harvey, 3: Doyle. 1;
Harper. 4. Home run?— Stnlt:;. Harper, Har
vey. Three-base hits— Hutchinson (2). Two
base hits— Stultz. Pace. Sacrifice hits— Doyle,
Bchtnei r, Mclaughlin. First bas=e on errors—
.Sacramento, r >: Oakland. 6. First base on
called balls— Oft Harvey. 3: off Doyle. 1: off
Harper. 3. Left on Sacramento, 7: Oak
land. 7. Struck out— By Harvey. 2: by Doyle.
1: by Harper, .1. Hit by pitcher— Sheehan,
Bhanahan. Double Schmeer to Lange;
Hasan to Stulto-. to Pace. Wild pitch— Harvey.
Time of game— 2:lo. Umpire— O'Connell. Of
ficial scorer— Griffin.
ST. LOUIS WINS A
PITCHERS' BATTLE
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs — W. 1,. Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....93 43 .6Sr. Chicago 72 C 9 .610
Philadelphia 89 .',< .622 Louisville ...TO 72 (93
Boston S7 S3 .021 Pittsburß ...68 73 .452
Baltimore ...S2 56 .594 New Y0rk.. .54 SI .400
St. Louis. ...S3 61 .576 1 Washington 49 92 .347
Cincinnati ..76 65 .589 Cleveland ...20 126 .136
ST. LOUIS. Oct. I.— St. Louis won a pitchers'
' battle from the Exiles to-day. Both Sudhoff
j and Harper were in great form. The latter
received poor support, but for live innings had
the Perfectos at his mercy. Sudhoff let down
a bit in the ninth and allowed Cleveland to
score two runs. It was one of the fastest games
on record. Attendance, 3300. Score:
St C 7 s J\ H. E.
St. Ix>ulr 4 4 l
Cleveland ........"!.!..'...!!.'.'.'.'!!.'.'."!.'.' 3 4 3
Batteries — and Bue|ow: Harper and
I Duncan. Umpires — Brennan and McDonald.
CHICAGO. Oct. I.— Look was with the Reds
to-day, their errors counting for nothing, while
all of the Orphans' misplays and two of Tay- I
I lor's sifts resulted in runs. The game was
played in a drizzling rain which, with dark
ness, reused a postponment of the game I
sclf-duled with Louisville. Attendance, 500. i
1 Score: ;
: Clubs— R. H. E. -I
Chicago , ;. 3 9 3 !
i Cincinnati 7 6 4
' Batteries— Taylor and Chance: Cronln and
/Wood. Umpires— and Latham. ■
■ m ■
WIN THE BROWN PENNANT.
California Cricketers Defeat the Ala
meda Eleven and Become the
Champions of 1899.
The California Cricket Club, which was!
organized at the beginning of this season.
defeated the Alameda eleven, the cham
pions of last year, yesterday and won the
Brown pennant for 1899. Another match
yet remains on the schedule, but. can |
make no difference in the general result
of the season's play. Alameda's captain
won the toss and took the field. Sloman
and Dickenson got well set, and the tele
graph board showed 73 before they were ,
parted. B. P. Ritchie added 35 and
Schroeder 13 to the total, the inning clos
ing for 154. Ward was the most success
ful of the Alameda bowlers, taking six
wickets for 40 runs.
When Alameda went to the bat wickets
fell rapidly at first, three being down for
13 and four for 29. .Moriarty, however,
made a splendid stand, scoring 60 runs,
his wicket being the last to fall. I, 'roll
made 24 and 11. Ward Jr. 11. "With seven
wickets down for 117 victory seemed fairly
within the grasp of the Californias, but
they were not quite free from anxiety ill!
the inning closed for 138 runs. California
thus won by 18 runs. Cookson took three
wickets for 44 and Howard two for 27. The
full scores are given:
CALIFORNIA CRICKET CLUB.
E. G. Sloman hit wicket h. Ward 27
A. Dickenson c. Peel b. Fortmann 53 I
A. G. Sheath c. Seebeck h. Ward 5 i
E. F. Ritchie c. Moriarty h. Ward 35 I
E. J. LoUßhman c. Hellmann b. Ward 0 I
L. Schroeder c. and b. Kroll 13
A. Willis b. Fortmann 0 ;
O. J. Thomas c. Hellmann b. Ward 7
W. H. Howard not out 3
11. H. Cookson c. Ward b. Saunders 3
W. A. Forteseue b. Ward..; 0
Wide 1, byes 7, no ball 1 9
—
Total 154 I
Rons at fall of each wicket— One for 73. two '•
for 89, three for 94. four for 94, five for 125, six
foe 126, seven for 149, eight for 149, nine for
119, ten for 164. •
SUMMARY OF BOWLING. i
Bowler— B. M. R. W.
Ward 119 4 40 6
Croll 4S I^_ 23 1
Fortmann 7S 3 45 2-
Saunders 54 1 IS 1
■eel SO .. 14 \..
JKLean 24 1 7 ..
Ward bowled 1 wide and 1 no ball.
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
G. Hellmann b. Howard 8
P. E. McLean c. Willis b. Cookaon 1 |
H. Bird ii. Cookson 0 :
J. .1. Moriarty b. Dlckennon .60 i
V. Seebeck c. Slomun •>. Cookson 9 j
F. ('roll st. Schroeder b. Sloman ...24
J. H. Saunders b. Sheath s
H. Ward Jr. run out... .11
J. J. R. Peel c. Sloman b. Cookson 0>
G. J. Baugh b. Dickenson 5 I
W. G. Tort ma not out 6
Wide 1, byes 3, leg byes 2 6
Total 13S
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 5, two
for 7. three for 13. four for 29. five for 71. six
for 94. seven for 117, eight lor 117, nine for 127,
ten for 138.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. W. M. R. |
Cookson ..' .....102 3 5 44 ;
Howard 60 2 .. 27
Sloman 24 1 .. 18 I
DlckPiison 76 2 3 32
Sheath is 1 .. v
. ♦ .
UP TO THE RECORD
Ed Hovey With a Small Rifle Ties E.
.-,"'/ Jacobsen.
Good Shooting was the order of the day
at the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club's
monthly class medal contests and re-en
try matches .yesterday at the Harbor
View range. The principal feature of the
occasion was a ten-shot record made by
Ed Hovey with a 22-caliber rifle in the
Daisa all-comers' match at fifty yards.
His shooting tied the highest record on
an open range, heretofore held by E. Ja
robsen. The run foots up 2, 3, '■'. I, 1, 1,
H. 1, 1. I.— It really excels Jacobsen's
best work, according to Creedmoor count,
as Hovey ended his score with three shots
in the one-inch circle. The best scores of
the day, ten-shot runs, Columbia- target,
were as follows:
Rifle expert class, 200 yards. F. O. Young, 57;
sharpshooters' class". <' M. Barley U3, M. ,T.
White 13::; marksmen's class, G. Mannel 77, F.
Ha.ssmann 107, Dr. J. F. Twist 13$, Mrs. O.
Manuel 169, Mrs. M. .T. White 173; Pistol. .10
yards, expert class. M. .1. White 39. F. O.
Young 55, C. M. Daiss 52. G. Barley 59; sharp
shooters' class. Mrs. ML .!. White 7.', .1. I.
Cosgrave 74; marksmen's class, Mrs. G. Mannel
6S. (J. Hoadley 73. F. Hassmann 75, P. Keeker
84. G. Mnnnpl 90 Mrs. C. F. Waltham 105. '
Re-entry Matches. Rifle. 200 yards, Glinde
manft All-Comers' Match— F. O. Young, 42, 45,
49, 50, 59, 60; G. Mannel 99.
50 yards— Slebe all-comers' medal. F. O.
Young K. 44 52, 05: CM. Daiss 43, 44. 59: P.
Becker 59. 65; small rifle. 23 and 25 caliber, K.
Hovey. 17. 23. 24. 27. 27; Dr. .1. F. Twist, 24. 27;
G. Mannel 27, 33; Mrs. C. F. Valtham, 44, 46.
Record scores, pistol— J. P." Cosgrave, 49. 52,
63; P. Becker. SS. 67, 71. 77: C. M. Daiss. 58;
Mrs. M. J. White, 66; G.'Hoadley, 71, 86; Mrs.
G. Mannel 78. . ■ .
Small rifle— Dr. Twist. 30: F. Hassmann. 33;
G. Mannel, 42; Mr. Doyle, 43, 58, 59, 61; W. K.
Lawrence. 61. .
Revolver— Becker, SI. SO. R9. '
Rifle. 200 yards— F. S. Washburn. 81. 82. 86. 9L
. ■ . ' ■ • -■:' •
Sast
SIX EVENTS
AT OAKLAND
IN FUTURE
Good Card This Afternoon.
The Coming: Los Angeles
Mcct — Local Gossip.
The gamp at Oakland brightened up so
noticeably the closing days of last week
that, commencing this afternoon, the
California Jockey Club has decided to run
off six events on each racing day. On Sat
urday the books received a surprisingly
big play. Joe Harlari; not noted as an ex
traordinarily fast man on the block,
handled $7000 to the five races, which
augurs well for the season now in prog
ress. Local turf-goers, as in all other
branches of sport, are anxious to see
the "stranger," and as the Eastern
horses arrive the crowds will increase in
proportion.
Don Cameron was greatly disappointed
in the showing made by his fast sprinter,
Dr. Nembula, on Saturday. He had a
heavy commission down, and hopes to re
coup his 1055,.-, as the son of Portland be
comes better acclimated.
Two boys now riding in OAkland, J.
Walsh and T. Walsh, seem to be the
source of much guessing among a number
of racegoers. T. Walsh is in the employ
of "Butch" Fisher, while Jimmy Walsn
has lately been taken In hand by P. Ryan,
the Middle Western turfmen. " Both are
practically novices, and which is the
"good one" remains to be seen by the im
provement they make In the saddle.
Or. Thursday, October 5, the Occidental
Horse Exchange. Tim Howard street, will
hold a sale of choice trotting-brc-d mares,
and geldings bred at Oakwood stock farm.
This establishment is the home of the
noted sires Steinway and Charles Derby.
Owners and trainers who Intend rating
at the Los Angeles fall meeting shouUl
not forget that entries for the Derby
close October 9. Entries may be left with
J. P. Atkins, who can be found at the
entry clerk's office on the Oakland track
any morning between the hours of 10 and
1.. The conditions of the Derby are so
liberal that almost any fairly good maiden
three-year-old looks to have a rosy chance
to draw down the long end of the prize.
The scale of allowances ranges from three
pounds down to a maiden allowance of
twenty-five pounds.
Jockey Beauchamp. who had his license
revoked by Captain Rees recently at Chi
cago, is talking of cmharl^ng in the cigar
business in this city.
S. F. Capps refused an offer of $1250 for
Bogus Bill after the two-year-old's im
pressive win on Saturday. . Cyclone, the
sire of Bogus Bill, also got the remark
ably good performer. Joshua, one of the
best mudlarks ever raced in this section
of the country.
Hughe Jones, who booked throughout
the season at St. Louis, will probably cut
in this week.
■ Morgan, the Indian rider, will probably
be seen here this winter with the Daly
string from Montana. He is a very cap
able, trustworthy pilot, scoring a great
hit on the New York tracks early in the
season. He met with an accident that
shelved him.
The following stables have already
reached or passed the $500 mark in the
amount of money won: Burns & Water
house, $1605; Cambridge stable. $700: J. 11.
Shields, $623; Caesar Young. $625; J. < 'of
fey. $575; P. Ryan. $575; P. Hildreth, $550;
F. J. O'Rourke, $500.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's running events:
■ First race— Five furlongs; selling; two-year
olds.
96 Palapa 92! 87 Rlxford 32
.. For Freedom 107 i SO Pidalla 92
(68)Roae of Hilo 99 .. Sisquoc 99
Second race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:.
.. Will Fay Ml 94 Manzanilla 111
94 Socialist 111 97 Spry Lark 11l
98 McFarlane ill 86 Scintillate 104
in; Lomo .1111 S3 Indra 107
Third race— furlongs— Two-year-olds;
selling.
[01 Summer 9.V 92 Devereux 99
92 Epedient 10.1 (75) Arte 99
S2 The Scot 100 ..Rachel C 107
Fourth race— One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds; selling.
[70)Druides8 107] 97 Boardman 94
(!»'))Oraibee ..' 99 >..» Aiaria "I
[83)Fortis 99 (Sa)Jerld 102
Fifth race— One mile; selling; four-year-olds
and upward.
94 Opponent 101 93 Morinel IK
89 Cyril 101 .. Dare II VS
51 Fred Gardner.... 106 102 Ringmaster Xi
Sixth race— Six furlongs; all ages; purse.
.. R. del San Juan. lo7 94 Mike Rice 119
92 Bamboulia 87(91)1 Don't Know — 119
96)Mldity .'1 (S4)Midlove .. L 11l
Selections for To-Day.
First — Ststpioc. Rixford. Palapa.
Second race— Socialist, Manzanilla, McFar
lane.
Third race— Devereux, Rachel C, The Scot.
Fourth race — Fortis, Alaria. Orafbee.
Fifth race— Morinel. Opponent, Dare 11.
Sixth race— Mldlove, I Don't Know, Bam
boulia.
■ m ■
"TFaith, said the m.in in clerical garb,
"will move mountains."
"Greal mackerel!" exclaimed the
Kansas man. "Its worse than cyclones,
Isn't it?"— Brooklyn Bagle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j OIL! OIL! I
I Thirty Days I
I To investigate after you have in- I
I vt sted your money. If you become I
I aissatisfled return your certificate B
I and get your money back.
THAT IS BUSINESS.
We have oil lands in Pan Mateo. I
I Contra Costa, Santa t'lara, Merced I
m ;.1 Colusa. We are not one of I
I those WHO ARE JUST ABOUT TO I
| BEGIN. We are at work. AMER. I
I KAN OIL stock will boom in a I
I little while. It is soins now wry I
I fast, and within sixty days we wiil I
I be selling oil in Oakland and San I
I Francisco. Orders from the Board I
I of Directors may be issued any I
RAISE THE PRICE.
Stock now at $.") per share. Agentg I
I in nearly all towns in tho State I
I fall on them or write us for in- I
I 'onnatlon. "Illustrated Prospectus" I
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
I ROOMS 322-323 PaRROTT BUILDINf;
SAN FRANCISCO. I
I OAKLAND 0FF1CE. ...460 TENTH ST. I
Any Oculist
Will Tell
You we are careful and competent to fit becom-
ing glasses without slip, tilt or waver with th«
new clip; 50 cents.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
o4z Market ot. instrument*ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS
MUST AVOID A i
CASE OF WATER
ON HE BRAIN
Municipal Plant Not a
Plaything.
— -♦ — ■ —
HONEST MEN MAY DIFFER
CANNOT BUILD A LIBRARY IN
THE ATMOSPHERE.
It Is Everybody's Business to Help
in Procuring a Site — Improvement
Clubs Reach a Practical Basis
on Which to Issue Bonds.
■ .
Oakland Office San Francisco fall. ■
908 Broadway. Oct. 1.
Care must be taken that the present
agitation for release from the exactions :
a water monopoly does not take on ,
•the nature of water of the brain. Nor for
the safety of the project must the idea'
stored that it Is merely a handle
being used by a few politicians for per
ends. There Is a practical Wde to :
'ift-tl great questions, especially those which
■ndltiire of large amounts
of public, money, so called, but which
have.t o come from the pockets of private
; iuals. There is also much
In the general Idea <>f benefiting the ;
I it sentiment can only aid — it can- ;
) the whole thins. The sentimental
of the water works project has been ;
ied, and now the' matter must as- \
a practical shape or die.
altogether too much distrust
ag those wii<> ar> responsible for giv
■akland this needed relief. Honest
Councilmen may differ in their opinions—,
that they do so is no reason why
should .be charged with
3t or. unfaithful. Some of the meni
■ - lentiously doubtful of the
•■ ■ > i.f an artesian supply. It
en proven that one man, by sinking
B adjacent to his neighbor, can steal
his neighbor's water supply. Wlth
eek evidence has been obtained
artesian wells which flowed several
above the surface before the Alva
plant was opened now furnish no
pi at a depth of many feet be
..■ ground. One man who came to
■ ■• and made frequent trips
• n here and San Jose says that
getting outside Brooklyn Township
g wells were met with all along the
Now these wells are mostly
• surface. Thes« facts do not
that there is not sufficient water
I Oakland in these belts, but they
. that a thoughtful man is justi- I
i wanting perfect assurance regard
is endurance of FU-.h supply before
ranges to expend several millions of
irs for it. ■
la it any excuse for being: Irrational
that the public can decide the mat- '
submitted to them. The
the Council to do Its think
. itain municipal own
was a great vote-catching
alt, and now the voters expect
ilfUled. They expect the Coun
the i:,vrstigations, and bo '
■ • Ltioi for the kt-eping of
■ lien a proposition is
It can be voted
■ deritiy. The r»-<>ple do not wish
whether or not
•■ Is adequate; that
icil to determine, and
upon the ques
r they want an adequate
Everybody knows that the
m.-itter is already determined. Every
water rate payer believes
he is v<iy n two and three times
tiucb for water as is necessary. He
1 years ago that If the city
. i r.wn a water plain that would be a
r plant he was in favor of it. The
knowledge 'hat the public will certainly
'o purchaa r plant
immensely to the responsibility of
charged with the duty of present
ing such a proposition to the voters.
February is not far away and already
BOrte of the Councilmen are exercising :
their rray matter upon th<=> question of i
•water rates to be fixed for next year.
Last February a majority of the Council ;
■wf-re the "solid six." They all know that
their days were numbered, but at that
time they had it in their own power to
ased. Had the monopoly
Insisted upon any particular schedule of
r.o doubt its desire would
However, a sort of .
compromise was effected between the
The six an.i the corporation. The I
result was that a rate lower than that of
year but higher than that desired '
■ c five was igreed upon. Now the
i .-ii is <iifr. rently constructed. In
stead of ti' ire nine elected on the
ne of these have al
about decided that $3,000,000 is a [
fair valuation for a water plant for the i
This has 1 een largely arriv. -d at
Igtires of experts who were consulted j
]ri the construction f the IMngep plant, j
It is said that these figures are somewhat
of a Burprise and show that the cost of •
plant Is not so gr at by ahnut one
as the record with the City Clerk
b It appear. The fallacy that the'
upon the Coun -il the duty of
•nt upon water companies' '
inents has been explo.' <\, anil there
1? a fast-growing opinion that if 5 per
cen< • 1 on $3,000,00 and the
U amount for operating and main
tenance, the crmpany shoul.i receive
1,000 per annum. This year some,
red nut the income will be i
oi 110,000 more than the,
entire amount raised by taxation In this '
city.
A fine public library buildlnsr cannot be'
erected in th>» air. The acquirement of ,
a slt*> upon which to use Mr. Carnegie's
fc'.U should not be the privilege of a few
■wealthy men. A free library is every
body's property, and it would seem but J
t< -asonable that everybody should take a |
J.and In obtaining it. The men who have j
already promised larse sums are not the
men who use sucta a library. Dr. Pardee
not need ■ ■ . ry, nelth' i
Benator Perkins, no: ■ man Metcalf.
nor a. R. Lukens,, nor w. J. Dingee. It
not appear as yet that the proper
method has be»-n taken to arouse public j
Interest in this matter. The schoolgirl |
who, Unsolicited, sent Jl to the library ■
trustees to help purchase a Bite, In ray '
in solved the question. Every boy j
>7 pirl who gives half a dollar or less!
ich a fund feels greater interest in
project than If he or she did not. 1
There are probably 16,000 people. Judging ■
by T he reports, who habitually use the •
free library. Each of these people have
only to give $1 to secure the needed
amount, as the other half required will
undoubtedly be tubscribed by people who
will give to such an enterprise from the ■
dictates of public spirit, and not because J
tif any persona] benefit.
If a big meeting were held at the
Taberna'.:<* and merchants, office-holders.
ol children, politicians and every- ,
who can read, were Invited and in- I
duced to attend it does not seem at all
unreasonable that a comparatively small '
amount would be pledged in a couple of
hours. It dn-s not appear that It can
be done by sparoely attended select meet
lr-es incfl chamber. A meeting
of this nature worked up to some enthusi
asm by su^h men as bav e been mer.t'
?. r .". fpn ' ni "re of the nature of John i
}. Irisli and Dr. It. F. Coyle. and a little
w*u-timed music from an able band
would do wonders, and 100 people rho
■vl 11 never be induced to give a cent to
tn.e individual beseechings of a commlttee
.. man, would undoubtedly shout out their
■ names for moderate amounts.
Th« Associated Improvement Clubs
have ahout arrived at a basis upon which
bonds for public improvement should be
issued. Tlilb association js composed of
, delegates from every improvement club
in the city, and undoubtedly is an asso
ciation of practical men. Having de
termined upon what is most needed, it
•will be interesting to watch the. evolution
Ol.ttte problem. After the club has done!
Its work the jobber will undoubtedly take {
CENTENARIAN DIES AT
HOME OF ADULT BLIND
OAKLAND, Oct. I.— Henry Parker, a native of Hawaii, who for the past
twelve years has been ar. inmate of the Home for the Adult Blind in this
city, died at that Institution this afternoon. Until last Monday he was
as cheerful as ever, making broomß at the home, but since then the re
markable vitality that has kept him alive for more than a hundred years be
gan leaving him suddenly, and he sank rapidly.
Parker came to the Blind Home twelve years ago with another blind man
named Chambers from an institution in the northern part of this State. He
had previously been a miner, and prior to that was a sailor. Chambers, who
passed away at the home several months ago, had known Parker for nearly
fifty years, and before he died declared that during the years of his acquaint
ance the Hawaiian had changed but little from age, and that at the time he
first knew him Parker was more than 50 years of age.
Frequently Parker rolatf-d stories of historical facts concerning his native
home and of the Hawaiian Kings, the familiarity with facts bearing out his
claim as a centenarian.
When quite young Parker wa? shanghaied fro his native land and taken
aboard a vessel, finally drifting to America.
X'ntil quite recently Parker was a tine specimen physically, and he attrib
uted his longevity to the great care of his body and his temperate habits.
j a hand, and after that the details of the
bond issue will have to run the gauntlet
of the politician. Finally, when it is
. fought out, as it, will be. In the City
Council, largely on sectional lines, it will
: not be safe to gamble how much resem-
I blance it will bear to the scheme as it left
I the hands of the practical improvers.
! Some time during the week an item was
published in this paper referring to the
fact that a county employe had found it
easy, while In office, to duplicate bills and
dishonestly acquire a large sum of money
before his practice was discovered. I am
; told that an inference was drawn from this
i that Phil Walsh, who now fills the office,
j might follow his predecessor's example.
j Having read and re-read the item. 1 can
] not see how such an Inference can possi
i bly be drawn, but for the benefit of those
i who do not read as I do, I do not hesi-
I tate to affirm that no such inference was
intended, and certainly no one who knows
Mr. Walsh would permit himself to sug
i gest that any such inference had the least
j foundation In fact.
In one of these letters a few weeks ago
; there was a list, not very lengthy, of
i the gifts rich men had given to Oakland
in half a century. It included an ob
servatory, a clock and lens for : a tele-
I scope, and possibly a few other things.
I A gentleman writing from St. Louis to
! last night's Tribune accused me of forget
} ting that Dr. Merriit had left a princely
i sum to erect a public hospital in Oakland,
i 1 did not forget it. It is true that Dr.
j Merritt left such a sum, but he has been
! dead many years; his estate has been tied
up in litigation, and Oakland appears to
be as far as ever from getting that hos
pital, and only a short time ago one of
those connected with the estate said that
' even if Oakland does ultimately receive
! this bequest it will not be nearly so large
I as many people have been lead to believe.
When the hospital is dedicated I will re
vise the list. STUART W. BOOTH.
BURNED THE MORTGAGE.
Golden Gate Baptists Destroy the
Demon of Debt.
OAKLAND. Oct. L— What remained in
black and white of the mortgage on the j
property of the Golden Gate Baptist
Church was burned up this afternoon, and ,
the attending ceremony proved very
unique. The linai liquidation of the small
balance on the old original $12<X> mortgage
was the cause for general jubilation
among the Baptists throughout the pic- j
turepque suburb, as well as Oakland i
proper, and the ail-day services at the |
Golden Gate Church commenced with roll
call at 11 a. m.. followed by res]
and an interesting address by Rev. Rob
ert Whitaker, superintendent of missions !
for northern Central California. The re
ception of a number of new members and
th<- .Lord's Supper concluded the furenoon
exercises. j
There was an unusually large attend- ;
to witness the ceremony of burning,
the mortgage, which took place this after- |
nun. practically in the pulpit. An or
dinary china plate was secured. Into this ■
the church treasurer. Mr. Fraser, poured
some alcohol and ignited the liquid. Then
Rev. B. F. Huddeison of tit-no, Nov., the
church's tirst pastor, and Rev. S. C.
Keetch, it? present pastor, clasped each :
other by the right hand, and with their
lefts took hold of the old mortgage, drop
ping It Into the burning While
the ancient and liquidated instrument was
being consumed mgre- |
gation stood up and sans; the Doxology.
During these ceremonies brief addn
were made by Rev. Dr. Whitaker, Rev.
\v. A. Chapman of San Pablo, Rev. F. L,.
Sullivan, Held editor of \h>- Pacific Baptist,
Rev Dr. Thomas Baldwin of Alameda,
Rev! Mr. Huddeison and Rev. Mr. Hotle
of the Golden Gato Meth E -••opal
Church. A subscription was taken and
than $77 was realized. To-night Bpe
cial services for young pi held,!
led by Ed Lyons, president of the county j
Christian Endeavor Union, and T. B. '
Holmes, ML D., president of the Baptist
Young People's Union of California.
OAKLAND POULTRY SHOW.
Arrangements Completed for a Big
Affair to Be Held in December.
' OAKLAND, Oct. I.— Arrangements have
i finally been completed whereby a grand
combined show of poultry, pet stock,
| pigeons and dogs will be held in Oakland
' December 6 to 9 next under the auspices
I of the Oakland Poultry Association, as
' Eisted by the California Collie Club and
j the Pacific Pigeon Club. In the poultry
' department at least 1500 specimens, com-
I prising every known variety of poultry.
| will be exhibited, coming from all over
the coast. A special feature of this de
partment will be the exhibit of dressed
poultry, eggs in all hues and colors,
shapes and sizes, incubator hatching,
and brooders in operation.
\ With the pet .stock the Belgian
{ hare, over which so much Is being writ
' ten in the papers throughout the country,
1 and the breeding of which is now assum
! ing very large proportions, will be repre-
I sented.
i The Pacific Pigeon Club guarantees 300
I pigeons as its share of the exhibition, and
: the dog department, which will be under
; the supervision of the Collie Club, will be
, a general dog show for all classes.
The regular monthly meetings of the
association are held on the first Tuesday
' evening of each month at 401 Twelfth
) street, and all fanciers or breeders are
i invited to attend.
!»♦ ■ —
MAY HAVE BEEN SHANGHAIED.
Friends of an Idaho Volunteer Fear
for His Fate.
AI-AMF.IA, Oct. I.— The case of J. J.
| and F. J. Kelley, who were charged with
having committed battery upon the per
. son of Oscar A. English in a Park-street
, tamale parlor last Saturday evening, was
' dismissed by Justice of the Peace Morris
; yesterday afternoon, the complaining wit
ness having failed to appear.
English. membi r of Company
G of the First Idaho Volunteers, ciisap
pcarr'l a f< v. days afu-r the trouble i>c
. rurred. A diligent search about the Pre
. sidlo and throughout the city failed to re
veal his whereabouts. m* friends, how
ever, have secured sufficient Information
to convince them that he has been shang
haied and Is now aboard some vessel fur
I out at pea.
Williajn Dean, a friend of English, to
. g.thtr with several othr-r Alamedans who
. knew the missing man, ma.ie a thorough
search in San Franci , - other
places about the bay. but failed to find
any track of the Idahoan further Lhan
that he was last Rf>en along t!ic water
front in San Francisco.
Closer Watch Over Specials.
OAKLAND. Oct. I.— Beginning with to
night the thirteen special policemen in
this city will be required to report to the
night captain four times durinp the night
in accordance with an order Issued by
Chief of Police Horigkins a few , venlngs
ago. The Chief has concluded that closer
supervision over the specials will r>s :!t
in their being of more use to tho depart
ment. The new rule practically Increases
the city's regular police force of sixty-one
men to seventy-four. It is supposed tah
the recent trouble between Special Officer
Stewart and Attorney Josephs on a local
train from the mole late one night, when
the officer should have been on his beat \ n
Fruftvale, ia directly the cause of the new
order.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1899.
BERKELEY SALOONS
CLOSED FOR ONE DAY
To -Morrow May See the Wholesale
Arrest of All Liquor-Dealers
of the City.
BERKELEY, Oct. I.— Not a drop of
; liquor was sold in the university town to
! day. That is, the police were unable to
I find any one selling intoxicating drinks,
| and the saloon men say that every saloon
1 in the city was closed and no business
; was done. This is not, however, because
• the liquor dealers intend to abide by the
law, which closes their doors and makes
; their traffic illegal. It was because the
I day was Sunday, and none of them was
willing to stay in jail over night. To
* morrow they will begin their business
, again in full blast, and every one of them
la prepared to follow Marshal Lloyd to
; jail as soon as he can conveniently place
i them all under arrest.
To-day the mur.ii ipal ordinance making
Berkeley ;i prohibition town went into
The ordinance makes it unlawful
for any one to sell intoxicating Liquors
within the corporate limits of the city.
It was passed at the instance of the tem
perance workers in the city, who agreed
to pay the Board of Trustees a sum of
money equal to that received from saloon
licenses annually. Now they have the
ta?k on hand of «eeing the ordinance en
fun-ed, and judging from appearances the
task will not ke an easy one.
Although the saloon men in West Berke
ley closed their doors to-day and persist
ently refused all overtures to sell liquor,
they are prepared to fight the ordinance
to "the bitter end." It appears to be a
question of money and legal talent as to
which side is going to win. The Berkeley
men are not fighting single-handed, for
their cause hats been taken up by the
Wholesale Liquor Dealers' Association.
The latter organization sent out its rep
resentatives to West Berkeley this after
noun and laid down $3500 in cash to help
the tight along. The saloon men them
selves have raised $500, making a total of
14000 with which to begin hostilities to
morrow.
Marshal Lloyd and his deputies are also
preparing for the fray, as they expert
to-morrow will be a busy day for them.
They will be on hand at West Berkeley
early in the morning, and every liquor,
dealer found violating the ordinance will i
be arrested.
DEATH OF WILLIAM MELVIN.
Well-Known Oaklander Dies After a
Short Illness.
OAKLAND, Oct. I.— William Patterson
Mfivin, for the past eight years secretary
of the Mountain View Cemetery Associa
tion, and present manager of the Melvln
Dnig Company, died this morning at his
3(6 East Fourteenth street. His
death was due to ulceratlon of the atom
is shown by the autopsy held to
night.
Mr. Melvln was a native of Steubenville,
Ohio, aged 40 years. He was a member of
Pharmaceutical Society, and
Borne years ago whs deputy City Marshal
vi der Oakland's old charter. He was also
a in- mber of Brooklyn Lodge X". 225, F.
ami A. M., and also of th<; Nile Club. He
• a willow, who was formerly Klla Ma-
Bon, daughter of ex-Supervisor Mason, a
capitalist of East Oakland, and one son.
He was a brother of Chief Deputy District
Harry Melvin, James and
- Melvln.
Th" funeral will take place from the
family residence next Tuesday afternoon
at 2:30 o'clock.
Services in Oakland Churches.
OAKLAND, 'ict. L— H. Weinstock oc
■ : the pulpit Of the First I'nitarian
h to-day ;<n<l repeated his address
on "Jt-sus, the Jew."
Rev. T. H. B. Anderson of Richmond.
M>>.. formerly of Oakland, deliver.'! a
Bermon this morning at A-sbury Methodist
Church.
George 15. Hntch of Berkeley spoke at
the First Congregational Church this
evening.
"War in Heaven" was the subject of
Rev. C. (J. Adams' sermon to-night at St.
Andrew's Episcopal <'hurch.
At the Fourth Congregational Church
this morning Mr. Carrington, who lately
returned from Slam, gave an interesting
discourse.
"The Way Up" was the topic of Rev.
Dr. Coyle's discourse to-night at the
First Presbyterian Church.
Rev. F. L.. Sullivan preached at the
Twenty-third Avenue Baptist Church to
night on the theme: "Mind Your Own
Business."
The great advantages of the Free Pub
lic Library and the recent gift of Andrew
Carnegie was discussed by Rev. C. H.
Hobart at the First Baptist Church to
night.
Hey. Dr. Lyons of Hay wards occupied
the pulpit of tho Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church this morning.
At the First M. E. Church this morn
ing Rev. B. S. Chapman preached. To
night the pastor, Dr. IMlle, spoke of "Re
vivalfl, True and False."
"Our Troubles" was the title of Rev.
James Hunter's sermon this morning at
1 the Golden Gate Presbyterian Church.
Alfred W. Hare, a graduate of the
Moody Institute, Chicago, at present a
I student at the Pacific Theological Semi
nary, gave a discourse at a men's rally
j of the Y. M. C. A. this afternoon, on the
Subject: "Why I Believe the Bible."
The resignation of "Hew J. IC French,
; pastor of the First United Presbyterian
j Church, was refused recently, but the
pastor, whose health has been poor, has
been granted a six months' leave of ab
! Eence. in order to recuperate. In his stead
Rev. Dr. Foster of the Pacific Theologi
i cal Seminary preached to-day.
A New German Pastor.
! OAKLAND, Oct. I.— Rev. J,. E. Schnei
! der, the newly appointed pastor to suc
ceed Rev. R. Steinbach at ihi- German
Methodist Episcopal Church, on Sixteenth
strict, between Ban Pablo and Telegraph
avenues, assumed charge to-day of his
new parish and occupied the pulpit at
both services. For the past six years
Rev. Mi. Bchnelder has been pastor of the
I Santa Rosa German Churcti, and al
'. though he preaches in German he is an
American by birth, being a native of Chi
cago, and is considered one of the ablest
ministers in the church on this i
Rev. Mr. Stcinbaoh. who has been in
charge of the Oakland church the past
five years, goes to Santa Rosa, exchang
ing with Rev. Mr. Sihneider.
Ran Into a Buggy Shaft.
OAKLAND. Oct. I.— Charlie Bregers
aged 14 years, residing at Seventh and
Castro streets, met with a painful acci
thla afternoon. While bicycle riding
on Twelfth street, near Lake, he rode di
rectly into a horse being driven by M.
Gorwell of Fiwhbiirg. One of the shafts
of the wagon pierced his left cheek, cut
ting through entirely, leaving a gaping
wound three inches long. He was taken
to ihe Receiving Hospital.
Haywards Pastors' Aid Society.
OAKLAND, Oct. I.— The ladies of the
Mothodiat church at Haywards have re
organized the Ladies' Pastors' Aid Soci
i-t, , with the following: officers; Prest
dent, Mrs. Clara Brunner; vice president,
Mis. E. V. Brownell; secretary, Mrs. Cqra
Van Dyke; treasurer, Mrs. M. J. Burley;
board of managers — Mrs. Brunner, Mrs.
D. A. Hollister and Mrs. R. Burley. The
first regular meeting will be held at the
parsonage next Tuesday.
MYSTERIOUS AND
BOLD ROBBERY
OF DIAMONDS
Alameda Police Are
Puzzled.
♦ —
ATTORNEY JAMES THE LOSER
- — ♦
HIS RESIDENCE ENTERED IN
BROAD DAYLIGHT.
The Fact That Visitors Were at the
James Home Did Not Appear
to Hinder the Sly
Burglar.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. l.
The police authorities of Alameda City
are greatly puzzled over a mysterious
I diamond ro-bbery, reported to them by
! H. K. James, an attorney and former
j newspaper man of New York City, resid
] ing at 1452 Caroline street, in the Enclnal
; city.
The robbery was committed in broad
i daylight the time chosen by the perpe
-1 tra'tors being between 2:40 and 3:30 i. 'clock
yesterday afternoon while -Mrs. James
: was away from her home on a hurry er
rand. What adds mystery to the rob
; bery is the fact that Mrs. James had s<-v
-' eral lady visitors from across the bay
during the afternoon, and they were lett
to make themselves at home in <>ne of the
upstairs rooms while Mrs. James went
I out on hor errand.
The most valuable of the property
Btolen comprises three diamond rings, the
estimated value of which is placed by
Mr. ami Mrs. James at $-t::r>. One of the
, rings was a solitaire another a three
stone cluster and the third a diamond
with a ruby.
The jewelry was kept on a bureau in a
! bedchamber on the lower floor and was
last seen there by Mrs. James when she
| went to the bureau to get some money.
! just before the h ft the house. When she
returned about half an hour later they
were gone.
Mrs. Jamfs states that she left the
' front door open when she went out, not
'■ dreaming of a possibility that any one
j would dare burglarize the place while
| visitors were there to detect any
j suspicious noises or movements. How
l-ever, Mrs. James' guests knew nothing
i of the robbery until after she had in
j formed them.
What adds still further mystery to the
i affair is that a very valuable gold watch
I belonging to Mr. James, besides a small
amount of money which lay near the
■ rings, was overlooked by the thief.
The police are investigating the affair,
but have thus far found no clew that may
' lead to the identification of the robber.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
EXPECTED MONDAY
His Home Decorated With Flowers by
th« Associated Women Students
of the University.
BERKELEY, Oct. L— President Benja
mln Ide Wheeler of the University of
California did not come over to the uni- j
i versity town to-day. His first visit to the I
university as head of the faculty will not j
be made till to-morrow. As yet no hour |
1 has been set for his arrival, so that the '
i students will make no attempt at any
. demonstration when he reaches here. It
i is thought that when he comes over the
! bay to-morrow It will be to take up his
. residence in his home on Bushne.ll place.
Anticipating his arrival the women stu
dents 01 the university, through the offi
cers of the Associated Women Students,
have decorated the house tastefully with
(lowers. They also sent (lowers to the
I president's rooms upon his arrival in San
Francisco yesterday.
President Wheeler said in an interview
in fcian Francisco to-day that he has no
radical change to make nor any particular
I policy to announce which will materially
: affect the existing order of things at the
university. As the university is now sup- i
; ported by tuition fees or by endowment j
lie depends on the people oil the State to]
act generously toward it and has no doubt I
'< that they will moot every reasonable and '
' sensible obligation in this respect as they *
i have done heretofore. Owing to the geo- i
graphical position of California on the |
I Pacific and the new and extensive inter- i
ests we have acquired across the sea.«.
Professor Wheeler believes thai mwr<"- at
tention should be paid to the study of!
i diplomacy and the other requisites "that ;
i go to fit a man for the consular service,
: and consequently it may not be long be- 1
| fore such a department will be estab
l llshed in Berkeley, which will fit young '
, men for the great trade obligations* with I
i foreign Governments they may soon be ;
! called upon to assume. In this conncori <n
it is possible that the study of the Orl- ;
i ental languages may also receive a boom.
Professor Wheeler Is a firm believer in
and a strong advocate of athletics, par
ticularly free athletics. That is, athletics !
of the out-of-door sort. He thinks it
makes better men of the students and has ;
; much to do with the improvement of col- |
! lege morals as well as college physique. I
| He will do all that lies in his power to I
! promote the love of good, clean sport j
I among the boys as long as It does not
seriously interfere with their studied. !
! President Wheelpr Fa;., that he thought
| the opportunities for good rowing re
' gattas were excellent on this coast and
; he could not understand why greater at
j tention had not been given to that branch |
of sport, especially when the beneficial re- j
j suits which accrue from It arc so well |
i known. He will, as soon as ho has a i
little time to spare, see if something can- :
not be done to promote this pastime at :
the university and make California's col- i
lege men a? famous on the water as they j
! now are in all the other branches of
j manly exercise.
j In conclusion the professor said that the ;
University of California ranked very high
among the colleges of the country and
enjoyed among the people of the East "a
j reputation second to none."
Rural Mail Delivery.
OAKLAND, Oct. I.— The Tlaywards
Board of Trade nt Its last meeting passed
the following resolution:
Whereas, The citizens of Eden Town
ship, county of AJameda, State of Cal
ifornia, are about to petition the Post
mastiT General for a free rural mail
delivery within said Eden Township;
and.
Whereas, One of the objects of this
Board of Trade is to promote and on
■ courage any and every measure which
will tend to benefit the people of this
town and county; and,
Whereas, Thi.s Board of Trade is
cognizant of the great convenience
which such a free mail delivery would
he to the residents of this county, by
relieving them of the necessity of
abandoning their work at such a time
as when their whole attention is need
ed to be given to it. and traveling in
many cases miles to receive their daily
mail; therefore, be it
Resolved. That this Board of Trade
heartily indorse the said petition for a
free mail delivery within the limits set
forth *therein, and earnestly request
the Hon. Victor 11. Metcalf, our worthy
representative in Congress, to use his
best efforts to have this said petition
granted.
Farmer Smith Was Robbed.
OAKLAND. Oct. 1.-Charles Cutler, re- |
siding at Second and Washington streets,
was arrested to-day by Detective Shorey
and Officer Sherry. His name was regie
tered on the small book at the City Pris
on. Charles Schmidt, a. farmer of Roberts
Island, Sacramento River, accuses Cutler ;
of having enticed him to a room while he ' l
was under the Influence of liquor and |
there relieved him of S3O or more.
At the Oakland Theaters.
OAKLAND, Oct. I.— "Ten Nights in a
Barroom" had its final presentation at the
Dewey Theater to-night. To-morrow even
ing It gives place to "The Three Mus
keteers," a dramatization by the late
Frank Mayo of the romance by Alexander
Dumas. Landers Stevens will take the
role of d'Artagnan, and in view of his
versatile genius it is predicted that he
will compare favorably with some of the
celebrated stars who have toured with
the play.
At the Macdonough Theater Madame
Modjeska is scheduled for three nights,
beginning with Monday. October 9. Her
repertoire includes "Macbeth," "Marie
Antoinette." "Much Ado About Nothing."
"The Lady's Battle" and "Mary Stuart."
Her manager and Manager Swift <if the
Macdonough have decided to let the pa
trons of the theater select, if they will,
the plays to be produced, naming their
choice when they purchase tickets.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY FESTIVAL.
Interesting Features Have Been Ar
ranged for the Week.
The Youths' Directory festival will pre
sent several interesting features for the
week. This evening will be the "night at
home" of the ladies of the Mission Do
lores, and in addition to a varied pro
gramme of music the Market-street Rail
way band of forty pieces will furnish
music.
The ladies of the Mission Dolores booth
are: Mrs. A. Hayes, assisted by Mesdamea
J. H. Ringwood, Edward Hall, C. Goodeil,
A. J. Simpson. Frank H. Maloney, D. R.
McNeill, Margaret Burns, Frank Barry.
Frances Walsh, Jean Wegscheider, John
J. Maline, Julia Greene, Thomas Walsh,
11. M. Greene, J. P. bhannon. Edward Me-
Craith, C. Roder, Mrs. McNulty, Mrs.
Gerrish: Misses Marguerite McGlinn.
Florence Nolan, Helena Nolan, Nellie
Parr, Maud Rice, Clara L. Finnegan, Cora
Fiske, Clara Bartel, Lilian L. Bardnt,
Edna Barry, Catherine McManning, Nellie
M.'Laughlin, Clara R. Nolan, May Nolan,
Kate Russell, Minna Loughlin. Llllie Ma
loney, Sabina Newell, Kate Kelly. Mary
T. McGlinn, Florence Mulligan, Marguer
ite McCaffry, Lily Greene, Katherine J.
McCaffry.
An invitation has been extended to the
officers and men of the Montana regiment
to be present Wednesday night, when a
special programme will be presented for
j their entertainment.
PERFORMANCE
OF MINKOWEKY'S
ROMANTIC OPERA
All interested In musical affairs will re
j member J. Minkowsky, whose dramatij
! opera, "The Smugglers of Badayez," was
i purchased by the Bostonians in this city
; last summer. No doubt many of those
i have often wondered what became of
: Mr. Minkowsky and his opera. The
I reason news has been rather slow con
cerning it was owing to the length of
rehearsals and the time occupied in finish
ing an orchestra. The favorable com
i ments In the New York press now follow
i the announcement that the Bostonians
| will open their season In Boston this
! evening, and in the repertoire is to be
found Mr. Minkowsky's work.
No better place than Boston could have
been selected lor the first production of
| this new work, as that city is not only re
| garded as the most musical in America,
I but the critics are able and very just, and
! the composers will be given a fair chance.
:In all probability "The Smugglers of
! Badayez" will form the central attrac
tion of this season of the Bostonians. In
asmuch as Mr. Minkowsky was "dls
| covered" In San Francisco and has a
number of relatives residing here,
musicians and music lovers of this city
will be very anxious to hear of the suc
cess of this work. I have no doubt that
it will receive the sanction of the Boston
critics. z
Mr. Holt, organist of Grace Church, be
ing unable to attend to his duties because
of a severe Indisposition, Theodore Vogt
has been selected to act in the organist's
place. Mr. Vogt is a very able musician,
having composed a number of songs
among which one entitled "Allah Gives
I>ight in Darkness" deserves special at
tention. It is a magnificent work. Mr.
Vogt will also conduct the monthly festl
val er vices.^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
• •
Among the interesting concerts of this
season will be that of Miss Jessie Foster,
who commands a remarkably high range.
The date is October 10.
ALFRED METZGAR.
FIRST NIGHT
A THE NEW
CALIFORNIA
A large, willing, good-natured, happy
audience tilled the California Theater last
night to applaud Ben Hendricks in "A
Yenulne Yentleman," and they did to the
echo. The play cannot be accepted us an j
ideal even of its kind (.an old-time melo
diaina in spite of the programme), and no
one need be overstocked with penetration
to follow its wandering drift through four |
arts of realism and Irrelevancy, in the end
bringing nothing in particular to pass.
Apart trom the play, Ben llendricks is a
host in himself and perhaps no one is
better able to Interpret the vagaries and
cleverness of the educated Swede than he.
He is imbued with the, character and has
but to .speak to create a laugh. In the
matter of dialogue he has about all there
Is of value In the play, for the author's
reach for cleverness went little beyond
his part. There is a minglement of the
nations, singly represented, for the sake
of color and specially, but Cordelia |
O'Grudy, an played by Mapgie beclair, is
the only one above the commonplace. She
is a real lady from Tipperary, the best I
have ever seen, and Jt is a pity she has
not more to do. The cast contains a very
clever vaudeville artist, Miss Bertie Con
way, who sings coon songs, new ones,
with a dash and vim that ear an easy en
core. Most of the men in the play lack
the gift of experience, and it takes an
artist to save unnatural, absurd situations
with the needed grace. The scenery Is :
excellent, that in the first act, a ship
scene, having a truly remarkable and
bpautiful distance effect. In spite of ac
cumulated lacks, there is enough in Hen- i
dricks. Miss Conway and Miss Tveclair to
make the evening one of amusement and
satisfaction, even though the apropos
of a bright new interior for the Yentle
man's reception is somewhat lost.
CHARLOTTK THOMPSON.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
HOVEL. •:. ;:.|C E Lazier. Chicago
r A Scheller, S Jo*« 11 Bradbeer. L An*
Pr I W Hayes, • CaP - C Echitijten. L An*
W. A Cameron, Cal H Yaujfhan & w Sac
.1 Cunningrham & : vr, .Miss M D Mason la
V 8 v '■•.,, P P Tabor. Auburn
F X Black, I, Gat is Miss Dunn. Cal
I T MeCarty, Nev City J Falks. Needles
IV B Thomas & w, Pa A J Larson, Lodl
.' W Shortrldge, Cal . A C Wilson. Cal
!' E Black, cal < H Mierson, Cal
>.V C Barnard, Cal - v S Outhrie, w & eh
W F Smith, Bacto \ ! Cambria
D. B Overacker. N'iles [ Forman. N V
(V D Murphy. Cal '!J F Crosby Jr N T
Misses Shaw. S Rafael |E S Bldwell. w & 2 eh
H J Falk, Stanford Cal
p J Cox, Petaluma J A Maben, Cal
A H Gallsey, Panama F H Boggs, Colusa
) L McKenney. Ca! [J A Moore, Alaska
H A Keeler, Oakland IF II Ransom Cal
0 C Kitto. Redding F Mattison. S Cruz
F J Field. NY. , L Gottschalk. I, Ar.R
Mrs Johnson. Oakland R Sansen, Stockton
Mrs Fritz. Petaluma M W Conklinp: L. Ansr
T A Splvey. Rio VlstalJW KnJght. Boonevllle
D Arthur. facto \f D Hay ward Cal
3 II Smith, Facto '.T Stelnhart & w Cal
G Ball, Irvington Mrs J G Nle Page, Cal
::. ' PALACE HOTEL.
B N Godfrey, Or A Yakoo. Kobe. Japan
Mrs Severance, L Ang E Nelson. Rochester
W W Bush. USA HA Greene, S Diego
10 E Graham, Chic Mrs M Byrne, L Ang
Z. A Oppenheimer. N T V I. Gundelfinger. Fresno
H A Storey. Chicago IHNewmark <tw, LAne
■; B Rockwell, NY; iS R Bush. East.*'], Pa
M ii Glbbs, London |8 Bush & w, Easton
Mrs Doyle, NY II T Pierce. Cal
P Wheeler & w, N'T "I JV A Murphy, Carson
Prank Swets. Monterey ;I Griffith. L Ang
A Soleman. ; Monterey j(V T Quimby, N V
A Farley & w, Quebec ;f.* Ingraham &w. Conn
) F Coleman. Redding! . ' ■
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
ji S Wilson. S Jose r Gibson, London
IV X Hiltlrcth, Uklah [r J Wanek. Sacto
) S Nelson, lowa L P Coßcia. El Dorado
E O Lc Fevre & w, Cal J Van Brunt <tw, Sktn
Mrs. Brown. Sktn IE Holland, Stockton
L W Prewery, L Ang h W Seyde, Butte
J F' Howard. Hopland 'j T Davenport. Sacto
J Mulroy. Merced iA Goodman & w, Cal
THIRTY-SECOND
INFANTRY OFF TO
THE PHILIPPINES
Glenogle and Nelson
Depart.
LARGE CROWD ON THE FRONT
♦ — —
CHEERED ON THEIR WAY TO
THE DISTANT WAR.
«
One Thousand Officers and Men Go
Forth Cheerfully to Do Battle
With the Dusky
Islanders.
Nine companies of the Thirty-second
Regiment of Infantry, accompanied by
I Colonel Louis A. Craig, his staff and the
regimental band, sailed yesterday after
| noon for Manila on two transports, the
i Glenogle and the Charles Nelson. There
were about 1000 officers and men on the
i two ship?. Colonel Craig and the band
j and seven companies were on the Olen
| oglo. Two companies commanded by Major
j Cabell, sailed on the Charles Nelson. The
j Glenogle got away about 4 o'clock. The
Nelson did not start for some hours after
ward. Ail day the embarking soldiers had
their share of attnetion. In the morning
the regiment marched down Market
street to East, and went on the transport
wharf, where they were given their Quar
ters and were left to wait for the ebb
tide in the afternoon.
The music gathered a crowd that was
continually increased until the wharves
near the transport wharf contained many
thousand spectators. The sailing of ihe
Glenugle was accompanied by many dem- !
onstraiions of friendliness for the soldiers, i
Whistles were blown and the crowds
i cheered and waved their handkerchiefs j
1 until the steamer, describing a large cir- <
I cle 1n its course, was well over toward
! Goat Island, on its seaward way. The
i band on the steamer played "Dixie" and
other patriotic tunes. When the "Star- '
i spangled Banner" was played the British j
| tlag at the stern of the ship was dipped.
Upon the Glenogle were the following
officers and men: Colonel L<ouis A. Craig,
Lieutenant Colonel Louis H. Strother,
Major Frank C. Armstrong, surgeon;
First Lieutenant W. H. Cook, assistant
surgeon; captain and adjutant, George T.
Summerlin; captain and quartermaster,
Edwin J. Griffith; first lieutenant and
commissary, George A. Densmore; cap
tains, John P. Grimstead, Frank M. Rum
bold, Jacob H. Culver and Granville Sle
ver; first lieutenants, John M. Shook,
James L. Long, Ambrose C. G. Williams,
Foote, Joseph C. Hixson, William S.
Mapes; second lieutenants, George H.
Armltage. Charles R. W. Morison, Henry
K. Love, Charles H. Wilson and Henry E.
Slack; companies E, G, L, A, b , X and M
and the regimental band. There were
about thirty officers and 725 men on the
Glenogle.
The officers and men on the Nelson were
as follows: Major Cabell. commanding; Dr.
Hereford of the hospital corps; Lieuten
ant Schaeffer, adjutant; Captains Reed
and Comfort; Lieutenants Phillips, Rals
ton and Miller; Second Lieutenant Charles
L. Ballard, Eleventh Cavalry, U. S. V.; j
Second Lieutenant Arthur P. Watts,
Fourth Infantry; Second Lieutenant Wil
lis P. Coleman. Ninth 'Infantry; Second
Lieutenant Richmond Smith, Twelfth In
fantry; Second Lieutenant Dupont B.
Lyon, Sixteenth Infantry; Second Lieu
tenant Henry M. Bankhead, Twentieth
Infantry; Second Lieutenant Lewis Ad
mire, Twenty-second Infantry; Second
Lieutenant James M. Petty, Thirty-sixth
Infantry, U. S. V. ; Second Lieutenant
John T^ Fuller, Thirty-seventh Infantry,
U. S. V. ; Second Lieutenant Reuben V.
Bat&ette, Thirty-seventh Infantry, and
two companies of the Thirty-second In
fantry.
Just before the Glenogle sailed a small
boy, about 12 years old, presented him
self to Colonel Craig and said: "Colonel,
are you carrying any boys to Manila?"
The colonel answered in the affirmative
but dashed the hopes of the would-be
juvenile warrior by saying:
"We have enough boys already."
This staggered the lad for an instant
only, lie pulled from his pocket a let
ter*and held it up before the colonel and !
Bald:
"That shows that I have come all the
way from Fort Leavenworth with you j
and I want to go all the way with the
regiment."
The colonel fixed a steplly pair of eyes j
on the youngster and reminded him that
he was the lad who had been ordered out !
of camp some days ago.
"Now," Bald the colonel, "if you try to !
stow yourself away and I find you, I will ,
put you adrift, if it is in the middle of the
ocean."
Then the lad turned away, but was !
overheard to say that he would take the
chances of being discovered. It is very
probable that he went as a stowaway and \
he may be landed next at Honolulu, where j
the ship will stop to coal.
STRANGER IN HIS ROOM.
Pettigrew Missed His Purse After the
Man Had Vanished.
Andrew Pettigrew, 21 Hawthorne street,
was awakened about 8 o'clock yesterday
morning hy a noise in his bedroom. He
saw a man in the room and asked him
what he wanted.
B"Does Mr. Ellis live here?" asked the ;
stranger, and Pettigrew replied that he
did not, and told the intruder to get out.
After the man left Pettigrew discovered
that a purse containing $13 and two gold
rings had been stolen from the top of
the bureau. He hurriedly dressed and
found the stranger in a saloon close by
drinking steam beer with a woman. He I
accused him of stealing the purse and
sent for a policeman. The stranger, who
proved to be John T. Hyland. a cook on
a coasting vessel, dropped the purse on
the floor, whr-re the officer who called
and arrested him discovered it,
and hooked it as evidence against Hyland.
Pettigrew's front door had not been
locked and that was why Hyland's en
trance was made easy. Hyland, of course,
denied stealing the purse, and said he had
no occasion to steal, as he was paid off
Saturday and had plenty of money. When :
searched about $3 was found on him. He
was booked on a charge of burglary.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via WwiiillH Parry.
Commencing October I. ISS9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. *D:3O, 11:00 a. m.; "1:45
•3:40 *.:15, (■«). 6:30 p. m.
> EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays I
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO, *10:00. »ll:30 a. m. ; *l:is
3:15, '4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, '6:35, 7:45, »9:40 a. m. ; •
•12:30. 2:15. *3:40, *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and ■
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. 'S:00, •10:00. •11:45 a.' m.;
•1:40, '3:15, 4:45, *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO ■
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. m. ■'■
12::.".. 2:33. 3:45. 3:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 10:05 a. m. : 12:05. 2:15, 3:80,
5:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way stations.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays— and T?ay stations.' I
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing: SUNDAY. October 1, 1599. '
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p m.
SUNDAYS-S:00, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S F. to Summit and Return, $1 40. .
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market st.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
lilllM Cs2s KKABSY ST. Established
MT E lf <s^^ In 1834 for the treatment of Private
at ik Mf Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■CVjk!|Sß^B disease wearing on body and mind and
xJHRQnPDB Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
lima fall. Try him. Charges low
<'iir< > «sn»raiil( i fil. Call or write ■
Or. J.t'.uIBBON. Box 1 «57. San Francisco .
AUCTION SALES
fc* AUCTION SALE. £&
ORMONDE SALE STABLE, 1517-1519 Mission St.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 3d, at 11 O'CLOCK.
I will sell at public auction 40 head of choice
well-broken younsr horses just from the coun-
try. I will be pleased to hitch and show the
above stock in harness any time up to. day
of sale, as they are all thoroughly broke, and
sound and
MUST BE SOLD WITHOUT RESERVE OH
LIMIT. •: : '
S. W ATKINS & CO.. Auctioneers.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
MMITHMKM rtl'iriC COMI'AJWT.
: . (I'At;IFH:-.HY«TKM.>
Train* !«•»*«• i»u<l »■■<• <!«««• i«» ai-ihi- nt
'" SAN IICAXIS«O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.
leave — Frtou October 2, 1899. — akrivb
*7:O(K Benicia, Suisun ami Sacramento. . . . *3: ISp
•7:<»<»a Muryavilic. OtOTilloand Redding Tia
Woodland •. 1 5:J.->p
•T:OO\ F.lu.ira, YacaviUe and Run sej- •*:»©*
•J:H<»a Martinez, Banltiunon, Vallcjo. Naiia,
C'a.li»t<ig^ and Santa Rosa »sslsp
•II:(M»a Atlantic r.xptef<s, I '(;.':. -n and Kiist.. *U:I."»a
<t»:i»A Sun .lusu, I.ii. 7! - . Stockton,
\ ■-■•,;•, ,lnnc, MftcrMin-iiU', riac.rviile,
Miiryniillo, Chlco, lt«d Itluir *4il»r
•«j»Oa 'Milton, Oakdulc and i-onoiß ... *l:l."»p
•!»:OOa Huywarlß, Miltsand Way . Stations. *1 1:15 a
*«:«Oa Martinez, Tracy, l.atlm,p, Stocktou,
Merced »nd Fresno..... *12:1.">p
•I1:«i>a rieCiio, ISakeralictd. Santa Iturlnira,
■ ■ Los Angeles, I>eming, El Paso,
Now Orlnana and East *O:-I3p
•IO:O»a Vall-j). Martinez and WayKtations *?:I.lp
•I I:0Oa Hayvards, Niles and Way Stations. •2:l.'ip
•ia:O»»M Nil. -s, I.iverinore, Stockton. Sacra-
:-'.-'- . ■ mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalio.
PirterTille .' M:lsp
♦ l:OOp Sacramento ItlTcrßtftnninni tNtttar
*:i:OOi- Haywardu, Nil»-s aud Way Stations. *.'>:4.'»p
•4:Oiii> Miirtnit-7., Hnu lUmoii, Vuilejo,
Nairn, Oaliatoga, Hnuta Kyi *!(:!.■»*
*li(Htr Henlcla, VacaTille, Sacrmncnto,
WoD.llatid, Kiiiulits Lauding,
Mannillo, Ororl la »I«:4B*
•4«aOpN!leg, Toao aud Stockton *7HO»
•5:00r Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresco.
Bakcrßilcld, Baugus for Santa liar-
■'■'""" \'■ .'. bara, Ix)s Aneolei) *9>4Sa
•StSOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno ......-••2:l-'ip
•3::H»P Mar i ■ /, Tracy, Merulota, Fresno,
MojaTO and l.f>s Ai>K»lM »»:4«a
•3>:iop «m,ii r,- Itoiite, Atlantic Kiprow
for M»jHf« mhl Rmii *fl:-np
•OtOOr Cbieago-Kaii Francisco Special, <)g-
-ilen and Kml •S:sOp
•6:0«p Harrrajrda, Niles and San Jose # 7il^a
tO:«<lr V:,ii i,» .....* 1 2:1 3 p
|?:OOi> Valiijo, Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions Jo:33p
•Bi»si- Oregon Kx|irrnii,Nacriiiiietitit, Marys-
»llle, Ito.ldliiK, I'ortluiKl, Piiget
M 1 mi.l 1,. m1, «^:l3a
COAST l»l VISION (XurroiT (luge).
(foot of Market Street.)
*M:l3a NowaA,CViitcrTiUo,Han Joae.Foltnu,
'■'■■*->. •;. IJouiderCrtek.SaiitaC'riizandWay
SUtioi.s # 3:30p
fail.ir Newark, Centcrvi'le, San Joso, Now
Almatleu, Pel ton, linulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
8 talioim . . .-. + I O:3ft a
■I:l3p Newark, Han .Tone, Los Gato3 *O:2O\
hll:l3p Hunters' Kicurairn. San Joso and
Way Stations.... t~i3()p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ~
rr«mS4S FKUKCISCO — Fool of Market Strett (Slip 8)—
•7:16 0:00 11:00 a.m. 1 1:00 *2:00 13:03
•1:00 ]S:CO *6:00 p.m.
from OiII.»»D — Cool or BroaJw.T.— "«;oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.. m.
t12:30 *1:00 t2:00 ; 3:00 ti:OQ -3:00r.n.
(OASI DIVISION ■ llron.i (.:iiiit'- .
(Third mid Townscm) SK)
16zI0a Ocean View, Hontli ««n Franciflco.. t<; : ;top
•7iOOa Han .lose anil Way Stations (New
Almadcu Wodnevlnyti only) *l:*Op
•9:00 a Hun .lonu, I'ren riiioi, Santa Cruz,
I'kclHo drove. Tan.) 1t, .1.1 s, Sun
Luis Oliimio, Surf, Lou poc and
- Principal Way Stiitloini *«:l«i-
-•I lOa Hun .limo iin.l Way Htntliiiu f ll::»A
•II::IOa San Jose and Way Kt.Vlons *SiSO|
ta»4»rHan Mat.o. Urdwnod, Alenlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clura, Sim .lose,
Ties Pinoa, Santa Cm/.. Salinag,
Monterey and l'licllin Grove t10:36A.
f»:Hflp flan .lose and Waj, Stalloim *7:30p
fill Or San .Tone ami Principal Way Stationg *!>:-! ■!* '
«3:(>Op San Jose and PrMioipal Way .Stations -f!>:O<»A
•«:Zop Saii.logeandPrinciual Way .Stations "S:3."»a.
•«::!•!■ San Jose and \\.<j Stations f8:OOA
b11:45p San JosoanJ.Way Stations # ?::top
A for Morning 1* for Afternoon. •
•Daily. t .Sunday excapr.eii. J Sunday only.
b Saturday on'y. ■
Th« i»A«;iPir TH.4 \SI Kit « Oil PAN v
will call far and check baggage from hotels and re»l«
deaces. Enquire of Ticket Atfei.U far Time Cards and
other information. -■- - .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:3 C p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— j2xtra trips at 1:60
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:80, 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO, s
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 8:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetren Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
San Francisco. ! In Effect San Francisco.
■ April 16, -I
Week Sun- 1599. Sun- [ Week
Days. days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 a.m.
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pmi 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:25 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
. ' Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, j 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am j Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 8:20 prn
7:30 am ) 10: 25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm j 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma '10:40 am 8:40 am
I and
1:10 pm 5:00 pml Glen Ellen. 6:05 pmi 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebaatopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm : 5:00 pm . ! 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytt
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Spring*; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
Keiseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
pprinKS, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's
BucknelTs, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle,
Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
Westport. Usal. Willitts. Laytonville. Cum-
mlnp's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka. - 1
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle Nd«.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßpute
if / \^
i^ |UOSAHG£ue» TPrTOENIX;
yi^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
— the most COMFORT WAY
ACROSS the CONTINENT.
every day IN THE YEAR PULL-
man PALACE and PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 630 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
• HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
KVKRY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 amjflG:3Q am Stockton i tt:4o pm| 6:00 pm
9:10 am 5 2:05 pm; Merced t!2:10 pmi 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:33 pm Fresno f9:00 am 2:42 pm
11:3$ am $ 7:45 pm Hanf..rd 17:00 am 1:43 pm
2-.:3 pm ,112:30 am Bakersfield 51:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am t6:25 pm Vlsalia 55:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm t6:53 pm! Tulare | 54:25 am »l:05 pm
•Dally. tExcept Sunday. '{Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 62S Market St.:
Tel. Mnin 1531.
Oakland Office. 1110 Broadway.
Sacramento Office. 201 J st.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara St.
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
V; • ': '•••■' SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
•' fUTSJN.&SS OFFICE of The Pan Frnr.eisoo
iCa!l,' corner n-T Market and Thl'd streets, open
-.JTi'tlJ T2. o'clock every Right In the year.
. BRA>iSH 0FF1c;.:?— 527 Montgomery street.
[{rfner lay; open until '.'"f o'clock. ■
rj3M'Jfavt;i litreet; open until 9:30 o'clock.
'•it.'. McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
'. flj ..kin ;tvcct: open until 9:33 o'clock.
•V'4l" Mi.*?'irn f-lreet: op»n until 10 o'clock.
■ $261 Market street, corner Sixteenth;' open
t.;; lil ?'• o'clock.- ' / M
:. • ire- R!.evnth-!>!trert; open until » o'clock.
" Vi f Valencia r.tFeet; open until 9 o'clock.
■„■ tworthwest/cofner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky i-trcpts:. open -Tt'l 9 o'clock.
.'.' •' . ; . .: MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate "Commander}' No. 16, K. *
• T.. Grrlden Gate building, G25 Sutter '£&"
st.— Stated assembly THIS EVENING Fj
•at S o'clock-. The Order of the Red \oi»
■ ' Cross M-ill be conferred. All fratera are ■»
courteously invited.
J. •■ CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
' . WILLIAM T. FONDA. Reoorder.
> iN FRANCISCO <"haptcr No. 1. Royal J\ t
. Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- S_Jf?
ING.. IJusfr.cs!> only. r^yr
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 2J. F. and A. B
.M.— 'HIS (MONDAY) EVENING ~ff\*
7. -SO o'etoc'K stated meeting. By orde r pLj\
.. of the w. m. /y?y
•:. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN ; Lodge No. 317, F. .. id A. «
" -M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (MOX-
DAY), ' i ; ber '.'. v -'.'.< at 7:30 o'clock /5L3f
p. »n. By order of the v. M. '~'
■_ L SCHUMACHER, Secretary. '
MISSION Lodge No. US. F. and A. M.— a
Called meeting THIS (MONDAY) J^
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First de WJF
c-"- . C. D. BUNKF.R. Sec r^y^
KING Solomon' Lodge No. 250. F. and m
A. M. ISM Flllmore Ft.— Slated me • - _£\_
.n*,- and third cWr-e THIS (MONDAY*
• EVENING ct 7:.1O o'clock. By order '^r^
of the F. W. HARRY BAEHR, Secy.
monthly rr.ft'tintr of c '^"''^i^\
o'clock p. m. Almarin
■R. Paul Esq. will address the members. A |
full attondaxice is Tequest < ?iL
J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
A. O. H.. .Division No. 2— The regular fc^j--—. !
monthly meeting of this division \" v j/ I
:\rijl ho h;ld at .Hibrrnia Hall, I2U \ / j
•Ninth •strict; ■ a TUESDAY. Octoboref^^ij I
3. ISi'S, at 7:30 p. rti. Full returns r'Jfl !
• pionle tickets must be made. Every mem- i
-.'.or Is requested to b? present, as business
■ sr ..;,t Importance will be transacted, j
Visiting members cordially invited.
. • ' ' PARTLY LEE, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary-
THE annual meeting of the Ladies' Endeavor ]
Society will be held TO-MORROW fM'.nday) ,
EVENING, at S p. m.. in the vestry rooms j
■of the Geary Street Temple, at which time j
•th? si(H-tion of officers and reading of reports i
will take- place: M. S. LEVY, ;
■'..-." ... -Per A. J. Levy. i
.•1... . 1359 Post street !
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice Is here- I
Vy given that the annual meeting of the i
' holdeES of the Hank of California ;
win be held at the banking house In this ■
city., on TUESDAY, October 10, 1599. at 11 ;
o'clock a. m
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary- j
Ban Francisco. September 15. 1599. i
THE Callfcrnia Debris Commission, havtng re- i
cclv.l applications »o mine by "lie hydraulic I
process from A. B. Jacks, in the Badger Hill ',
mine, near Spanish Ranch, Plurnas Count jr. '.
to deposit tailings in Spanish Creek anl j
Woods Raviue. andi from John ' O. Smith ct j
a!?., in the Smiths' Blue Gravel mine, near :
Ono. .Shasta County, to deposit tailings In a ;
i {•vino bel.ow the mine, gives notice that ii !
meeting will be held at room 59, Flood ouild- !
' In*, San Francisco, Cal., on October 9. IS9S, ;
Bt 1:80 p..m.- ■ I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
LAW -and Lonn Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; j
prose-cute or. defend suits In all courts on !
contir.gvnt fee?; employ able counsel; loan
'. money r>n any -kind of security. Advice free, j
: by. mail or at office, 214 Pine St.. room 64.
ADVICE free"; It. W. KING, sixth floor, Chron- !
icle bldg.: nn.advar.ee "hargp?: all cases; es- I
late*, mortgages, damage*, colkcti.^is. bank- ;
i-uptcy: wills, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
. call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private; j
•■ no fee *vithout success; collections. G. W. i
HOY.F atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn. ;
N' -.AH F. FLOOD. 535 Market St.. opp. Mason; ;
consultation free; moderate fees.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law, Crocker i
hldg.':.;.tel.T Black 71; practices in all courts, j
L.- «. CLARK; Emma Spreckels building, 927 J
. Market: consultation free: no fees in advance. '
J, Ti PARKER. r ".6 Market st.. room C"; advice :
free: charge low; business pushed.
NAGLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma !
Spre'ckelF bulldlne. 927 Market st. ;
aDV.K'I: free: no charge unless successful W. !
W. DAVIDSON-. :■•:: Market st.. ope Mason. ;
__»______-______-■—_—__■ i
BATH 'CABINETS- THERMAL.
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding :
like a screen: one panel opening as a door;
: call and see It: descriptive booklet free. W.
" S. BROWN, ceneral airent. 426 Ellis st. !
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange, j
RAMBLER tacdem, $30: perfect order. 417 j
Pofct st. •
;• ' KICYCLi: REPAIRS-
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market Tenth.'
. RAMBLER AND [DEAL BICYCLES. j
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY. j
BOARD AND ROOMS. '
A NEW private family hotel; first clas« .:: <Ie- !
tail:' under Eastern management; new andi
.artistic decorations .-« » i ■ 1 furnishing through- \
out: rooms may be selected after October 1. j
The ulci Stevenson mansion (opposite Grace ■
Church), with annex, 807 California st. •
ELLIS, 607— Well-furnished front rooms, with j
good board: bath; telephone; gas; piano. |
GEARY, 93! Nicely furnished rms.. suite or !
"sl.igle, with board; hot and cold water. J
MARKET, 1820 (Las ParniaTPsuiteof : or 3 i
rms. ; private: bath: sin. rms. ; board optional. :
RRELL. 742— Clean, comfortable rooms; I
good home cooking: special rates to gents.
POWELL. 809 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suiTes i
and single, with or without board.
YOUNG man In private family desires a room- I
mate terms leayon.Tble with board. 739 Te- !
■ hama St.. near Ninth.
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant, makes advance-Tat !
lowest rut. ■ on valuables of all descriptions, j
—^ — •— — _- — •__>__ ___ ___ _ _^ N--
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
ROOMS and bonrd wanted for 2 near city or
I aklatid; state tern ASMUSFORD, BS7 Capp. j
.. BOARDING FOR CHILDREN. ;
CHILDREN'S home: mother's care; $5 month" I
■ ly. Address H.. Frultvale P. I>.
. : BOOKS — AND OLD.'
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged. !
■ Holmes Bock Co., 704 Mistion st.. near Third. •
BOOTS AND SHOES.
■h:.i .~ shoes, EOc; yths. lace shoes, Ssc; lad i
tics, 75c; lad. shoe-, 4. men's working shoes
Jl ii; Bun's circus shoes, $1 86; mail orders *ol !
llcltpcl. People's Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton: j
BUSINESS CHANCES. i
A— HOTEL of 120 rooms, office, bar^tTning-
icutn, etc'; established for many years with
large pal 101 in very best pan of this city
vloet to Market ar.<l Kearny; th!: first-class '
;;aying property must be Hold at once- books 1
■ ■/.■r. tor Inspection; price $8000. PartlcuUi-s i
It. G. WILKK. :••. Market M. j
A- JK.OG; TRANSFER corner Kroc«ry;and.bar i
doing a rushing cash store and bar bugl neks'
low rent; rare chance; other businc-ds CbmpeU
owner to sacrifice: Investigate at once It
UP: II.XX. m Market St.
A— SISO— HOME bakery and notion store with I
3 living toonis; rent $20; on Bucharian st I
R. G. WILKE, MM Market it.
A— 1250; ■ KKftv In live country town. 70 •
milts from city; a* tlrst-class paying business;
call soon; a rare opportunity. K. G. V.'ii.KE.'
i'W Market st. I
A- $700; SALOON: Market sl, clcse to McAllls- I
•'■: . t arga n. _WH.KK. DOG Market st. ]
A- $350: DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
kt : lent 135; lust class; paying. Call WILKE. |
!'0« Market Ft.
A— IS.'*— CORNER grocery and bar, with living I
rooms; rent $15; dally receipts $;?; beßt loca-
;:oj) ■• M wioa R. G. WILKK. lf o Market. .
A— S6OO— RESTAURANT and oyster parlors;
choicest location; rent JJS; dally recaipls iL'..
m*ala not less than 25c; bargain. 11. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— J6OO; ELEGANTLY flxe'l up and first-class
vaylng saloon close to Palace Hotel; rent
•iiO; lease; disagreement of partners chum
of sale. ):. G. WILKE. Ml Market st.
A^-lL!o&— CORNER nalooii with 6 i-oo=-(a; rent ;
1(0; mercantile, lunch; surrounded by whole- j
tale houses and iron foundries; place clearing
above }!«<) per month; }t.u—; a t.;:lendiil offer.
B G. WILKE. Vli Market st.
A— Git AND opportunity tor nr. active man:
Firm!! capital r^julri-'J: bu»ln«s clearing *'.;'.
"eer rr.enib. il7 Market St., room 2.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
j A— J25O; rAHTM'R wanted; commiss'n, produce
business; grand chance. M. LESS, 7*5", Market.
I $550— BRANCH bakery, candy and variety; 4
; living rooms; eh. -up rent; owner owns build-
j Ing; will give le.ipe. M. LESS. 76-"i Market St.
$2000— COFFEE sal-ion and restaurant vicinity
' Call building-; Hearing $"00 monthly: proof
I furnished; sickness. M. LESS. 763 Market.
A— *3»r«i— RESTAURANT; north Market; best
In city; bargain. COWING A CO., 995 Market.
RESTAURANT on Market Ft.; cause of pale
I leaving city. COWING -v CO., 995 Market st
CIGAR store, laundry office: bargain this day;
sickness. COWING «■ CO., 995 Market st.
ArrFURNITCRE store; centrally located; at a
: bargain. COWING ,-. CO., '995 Market St.
JJBO0 — French bakery: nr,e is.: 4 horses, 3 wag-
ons, 11 furn. rms. ; low tit. BASI 3 Eddy.
j A SAL'SALITO BUY—
1 Best location; a hotel and restaurant, finely
[ equipped and paying well; arbors, garden,
j oyster bed, etc.; large lot with boat landing,
etc.; ownrr must s>Ml on account of elckjiesa;
price JSOOO. McAKEE BROS.. 108 Montgom-
ery nt., S. F. ■'
LAW & LOAN CO.. Inc.— Capital $100,000: will
j invest your money on approved and > uaran-
i 1....1 securities, paying monthly i per cent
' nt-t intere.-t; will prosecute or defend lawsuits
j in all cuurts on contingent fees; employ able
I counsel ; advice free. 214 line St.. mom 04.
I BARKERS— Here's what you want, an' ele-
u.i tit and first-class paying barbershop— the
greatest bargin In San Francisco; grand lo-
I cation; 3 living rooms; rent only $20: bus I-
'■ ness calls owner to Oregon. M. A. BROOKa,
I IJ Golden Gate aye.
! DRUGSTORE; price $3500; best location In
! Oakland; on principal business street; to-be
| sold nn account of depart at inventory !
' price: pee this bargain before it is "one. J. j
S. JOHNSON. 972 Broadway, Oakland.
TAILOR shop; complete: X years' standing: 4.
living rooms and Kitchen; completely fur- I
nishod: stock of new and >•• ad-hand cloth-
ing: owner going back to o'.d country. 1633 I
D^visadero St., near Butter. :
FOR Bale- In thriving town of San Mateo, '
candy, icecreajji ami soda and creamery busi- (
n?«f ' delivery wagon and horse; sold on »c- |
Count departure. Address V. S. HOWARD, j
San U Ite 1, I a!. |
FOR »ale or. exchange for a small ranch near;
ountrv town — A good paying saloon, with i
mx living rooms upstairs; long lease; ter- I
minus of car line. Bos 2313, Call office. j
I CAN pay $250 month dividend on an Invest-
ment of $1000 cash: now is the opportunity
to secure an income for life. Address In- j
■vestment Co., box : 195, Call office. i
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light ■
basement for saloon and billiard hall: rent !
very low. Ir.Qi:lr-e. v. M HENDRICKSON A: ,
CO.. f>l4 Call building. ;
BAKGAlXrrFlrst-Class saloon and lunch :
house for sale; business part of the city;
on account of sickness. Address box 452, !
Call ■■ '. re. I
FOR rent on downtown corner; large light |
basement .or saloon and billiard hall; rent ;
very low. Inquire WILLIAM lIENDRICK- |
SON iv CO., 314 Call building. j
GROCERY and saloon for sale: well stocked:
old established business. Apply nt premises 1
southwest corner of Turk and Pierce sts.
PAYING saloon In wholesale district; must
Bell: going East WICHMAN, LUTGEN &
CO.. tX Clay st.
PRIVATE boarding house; 25 boarders; 15
rooms; all full; north of Market. Box 1345.
Call office.
BARGAIN— Dellca and dairy produce stall; ;
must be sold at once: account of business In '
country. Grand Western Market. l"10 Polk, j
S7.".— FOR sale— Bakery; 3 living rooms partly 1
l furnish) I: fine place for mall restaurant:
rent Jin. ICI4 Pacific st. :
FOR sple— Branch bakery and delicacy store ]
at a sacrifice. Inquire I'alT Sixteenth st., near ,
Howard. j
WANTED— Partner with small capital in es- j
tabllshed. paying business. 626V4 1 Ft.. Sacra- j
memo. i
AN offer wanted; old-established corner saloon : j
si*!- entrance to tamale cafe: fair stock and :
a good business. 632. Market St.. room 6. |
WANTED— Young gentleman with some capital '
who is capable if managing the affairs of an 1
incorporated company. Address box 2175. Call. j
FOR sale— A good paying Falonn. with six I
living rooms upstair.": long lease; terminus of
car line. Box 2313. -call office.
?2CO-RESTAURANT; good business; good lo-
cation: cheap rent. 1941 Market St.
WOOD and coal yard for sale; double team and
wagons. llftC Larkin st
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
BRANCH bakery for Bale; owner retiring; 3 liv-
ing rooms. 80«? i Filbert st.
ALFA CO., 93.1 Market St.. will exchange or
gel] your property or business quickly.
J9CO— GROCERY. Oakland; good location nnd
bus. VY. B. Hard 61 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
trust to Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 412 Sacramento st.
GOOK paying inp'.de route for sale; this paper.
•Apply Call office.
FOR lie— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office. ■- '
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
FOR sale— One Columbus tra;j\ with shafts, one
or two seats; in excellent condition; also one
bay gelding horse: weight 3",0 pounds; suit- I
able for buggy; good traveler, sound, kind.
gentle and in perfect condition. Apply MUR-
RAY'S STABLE, San Rafael, or 320 Sansome
St., room 15.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton: 1 buggy,
good as new: made here SHAW, 1621 Market.
FOR sale cheap— s2."iO cut-under surrey. /. .
box 4.V7. this office.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EGAN &- SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts, j
buggies. surreys an.l horses, 1140 Folsom rt. j
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING. !
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 358 357 Tehama st. ; tel. S 40.
CITY Steam Carpet -Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3?-4O Bth St.; tel. South 250. I
LAST and best, Sanitary Cleaning Co., "for |
health." 3«? McAllister st.: phone South 14«. 1
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
433 Stevenson st. : tel. South 223: lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO, WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at to per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie '.■44.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning. 2c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
[LIN'S Carpet-! •■' Works, 333 Golden
G:ite aye.: tel. East 126. ■?■•:- j
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure I
lire for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR. \
Agent Office and factory. 21 Spear st. <
i.I.AIKVOYANTS AM) .- i IkI'IUALISM.
MEDA HOSKINS, 1423 Market St., bet. 10th
and llth Sittings daily; circles Monday even-
ing and Thursday, 2 p. m.
MRS. ROBINSON. 1423 Market St., bet. 10th
and 11th— Sittings daily; circles Tuesday
evening and Friday, i p. m.
MRS C. J. METER, trance dcv loping circle,
• 2-S p. m., 2»c; testa to all; sittings daily. 335
McAllister.
READINGS from vibration; Character and ad-
vice; private; ICe: to-day. 1 to 10 p. m. 521
Turk st. . • : ,
JOHN SLATER— CircIe to night, 8:15 sharp:
sittings dally 10 to 14.' 1809 Stockton, near ;
Greenwich.
MMX. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
i>a.«t, sent, future, :.",.. 14S Sixth Bt., r. 12.
GYPSY life r»a-ler;' patisfaetion guaranteed;
2:.c: rending by mail, $1. 5 Seventh st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MMX AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
B palmistry. 25c: truth or no pay. 1143 Mission.
J. 7.'ERA. the best fortune teller, hai love
charms and tells lucky days. 203 Third st.
T<o i: future told by cards, 2. r >e; daily, 10 a. m.
to Id p. m.; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkin St.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212»,i Sixth st.
C. STEERS. medtum; 112% Oak St.; circles
Tues.. S p. m.; Th., 2 p. m.; 2.'.c.; readings, $1.
MRS. .'. .1. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical Clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
MME. LANGS, queen of clairvoyants, 1167 M»r-
k«t. bet. 7th «nd Sth; fee 25c up; satisfaction.
MMX. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
bHivl'n picture. JZc: ladle-.. 914 O'Farrell st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FOUR small rooms; bath, stationary tubs"
basement and yard; rent $10. Apply 122SM,
Treat are.
FOUR, large rooms, cellar and garden. 837
Church ft.
%*-% NICE ?unny rooms', basement, yard. 535
1... aye., bet. Octr.vla and Laguna sts.
COTTAGE . r > moms, bath; ninny yard;
large basement; key at 711 Treat aye. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY. OCTOBER 2, 1899.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
DENTISTS.
I A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
■ Market st., over Cafe Zlnkand— Teeth extract-
| efi without pain by the use of electricity, gas
; or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
! plied to the gums: the best and most artistic
'. dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
tiillnßs from $1 up: other llllinss from DOc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from J4 60 up; Besn colored plates from {3 50
up; U-eth without plates a specialty; open
I evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for Dainless dentistry,
Synol. on application to the gums, removes
tiie pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner
; and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
I years; crown and bridge work: te,?th with-
out a plate; lillinga, 50c; crowns.' IS 50; plates,
' full set, JO: all work painless ajid warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 bjxth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, ■ rm.' 7, Flood bide., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crown*.
53 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up: of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. 1).. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts and nils teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, 12: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, S3: received S 3r»t
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market st.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. S!*7 Market at.
MEYER— Deutscher Zahnarct, 6 Turk: lst-claus
work: prices rens.: gas: crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211 Examiner Bid*.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
year?. N. Y. Dentists 967 Mission, cor. Cth.
SKT of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G. i
YOITNG. 1841 Polk st. i
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MRS LIVINGSTON of N. Y. cordially Invites i
ladies to examine her French Dress Cutting
System for cutting ladles' and children's
garments without paper patterns, pencil*, i
weights, screws or pins: to convince she will, ]
without charge, teach any one to cut perfect- |
fitting garments; pupils taught high art dress j
cutting and designing, basting, coning, press- •
ing, matching plakis, princess dresses, skirts, i
sleeves, coats: pupils can make own gowns \
while learning: send for circulars. 530 Sutter. j
S. F. dressmaking School; practical method
taught; suits cut and tit to order; reasonable.
104 Kearny at.
PARISIAN dressmaking. 2*7 Geary: dresses
made $:■ up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
■
ITIOXAL.
A NIGHT School for Men. T. M. C. A.. Mason
and Ellis Bts.— Opens October 2. Buslnes« and
industrial Shorthand. typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing. German, Spanish.
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all. |
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, San I
Francisco; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches, civil, j
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; new i
SO-page catalogue free.
AYP.ES" Business College, 723 Market «t.. short- i
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher: low !
rates; life scholarship. $'- rt ; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers; j
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day. ;
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1235 Markt. '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, m««ch. survey, assay.archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics, .
etc.: circular? and specimen lesson papers; ;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st. I
LADY, experienced high school teacher. Unl- ]
versity graduate, teaches In families. ' 954 i
Adeline st.. Oakland.
FRENCH, mathematics, mechanical and archi-
tectural drawing taught for room; best refer-
ences. Bos 2378, Call.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal). Instructs
in shorthand: pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French. Spanish,
12 mo. 530 G. G. aye., r. 5-7; hours 2 to 8.
LAW Schools, '■-■: Market, 8. F., and 905 Broad- '
way, Oakland: day and night; correspondence,
PIANO and German: pupil Of Conservatory of;
Leipsic; lessons 7.1 c. 020 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus- !
mess College. 103 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day and night; terms low. 1"24 Mission. nr.6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. ■
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. j
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi- !
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help.. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary, st.: tel. Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE. j
FIRST-CLASS waitress desires a situation; j
good references city or country. Miss H.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st. j
COMPETENT French second girl desires a sit- '
uation; also a first-class chambermaid with
good references. Apply to MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutler st.
FIRST-CLASS Germ;fn cook with good refer- j
ences desires a situation; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter st.
PARTIES desiring first-class help of all nation- j
alities can secure same by railing on. tele-
phoning or addressing MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st., phone Grant 120.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as j
nurse or second girl or housework; $12 to $15 1
per month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEKEEPER, young, neat, wants place In;
widower's family where there are 2 or 3
In family. C. K. HANBEN & CO., 104 Geary.
AN old woman. Is good housekeeper, would
like to care for house with old gentleman
and lady or widower; object, home; kind to
children. Can be seen for 2 days at 411 i
Third st. 2_
SITUATION wanted by a competent woman,
with child; reference! if required; good home
more than wages. Please call 515 Seventh Ft.
A LADY with a child wants to get a place to
work In a small family with small wages and 1
a good home; would r,o to Oakland. Call a:
170 Fourth St.. city; no trlflers.
WANTED— By middle-aged American woman, |
position as companion to elderly couple: is ,
good plain cook; Oakland perferred. Address'
box 2098. Call office. ' j
STYLISH dressmaking In families on ladies' •
and children's clothes In all the late de- ]
signs at $1 25 per day; references. 1514 Bu- !
chanan si.
MIDDLE-AGED educated lady, good reader j
and amanuensis, as companion or nurse to
invalid; do plain sewing; no objection to
country. Box 455, Call.
A LADY of refinement wishes a position as
companion and nurse for Invalid. Address
box ««. Call office. '/.'>.;■
A POSITION as assistant In office or cashier;
having experience in office work, railroad
telegraphy, etc. Room 31, 2!' Eddy St.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
do general housework. Call at 208 Golden
Gate aye.
EASTERN widow would like plain sewing and
mending to do. Cull room 2, second floor. 1031
Market St.
YOUNG girl, between 16 and 20, take care of
1! children. 14P5 Page «t. '
HOUSEKEEPER for rooming house, or win
take care of Invalid. Branch, 1941 Mission.
AN American lady wishes a position as house-
keeper. II Ninth St., Oakland.
WANTED— Position in lodging house, house-
cleaning or laundry. 426 Kearny Ft., rm. 3. |
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels; low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant. j
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 £0 to J«
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Cell advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va- <
lenc'a St >r\ ■ j
EM PLO YM EXT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— as draughtsman in archi-
tect's office or factory; had experience In i
most large cities in the United States. Box
450, Call.
YOUNG man. German, speaks English fluent- !
ly, strictly sober, as nurse, attendant, house-
man; drive delivery wagon or anything; M
city references. G. HABERDANK, 3C9 Jessie.
WANTED— Situation; engineer, stationary:
strictly temperate and reliable; age 50; mod-
erate salary for steady place. Address box
2391, Call office. ' ; ;
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
situation In private place; can milk; handy
with tools: temperate habits: references. Ad-
dress P. LUND, SCO Seventh St., Oakland.
BOY (IS) wants to learn lining room work;
. wages no object. Box L';;vl. Call.
YOUNG man Would like situation as cobbler
for a Catholic institution. Box 2365, -Call.
BAKER on cakes and bread wants position.
179 Fourth st \
! EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
BARBER. 3 years' experience, would like posi-
tion. Box 449, Call office.
WANTED— By reliable elderly man. situation
to do chores around place; thoroughly under-
stands care of horses and driving; good milker
and plain gardener: willing to make himself
usiJTul at any work; good references. Box
2092. Call office.
i COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, flrst-claS's hotel experience, wants per-
-1 manent situation; city or country. Commu-
j nlcate with box 2271. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and general merchandise sales-
man; ten years' experience; object to buy in-
terest In business if satisfactory. Box 2385,
< 'all of Hoe.
COACHMAN— Situation wanted; thoroughly
understands care l-orses, carriage*; good
driver; thoroughly competent; city references.
Box 2JS4. Call office. ::;'".;,:
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly in all branches. No. 1 references, de-
| sires situation as such. Address C. S., 1022
j Jackson st.
SMALL, neat, active, elderly man would like
to get a Situation In some capacity. HEN-
DERSON, l.s New Montgomery st.
WANTED job (sober man) In a fur-
niture, ami can. ft store; also expert carpet
layer, Bos 2345. Call. V<_ ; ;,
I COMPETENT engineer wants any kind of
j position; Is steady and sober. Call or ad-
I address 12.'4 Howard st.
I GARDENER— Can milk, take care of horses,
I handy with tools. Would like situation; good
| references. Gardener, box 492. Call office.
I A RELIABLE German couple want work on
I ranch: references. Address box 1420. Call.
! JAPANESE wants situation as schoolboy. Ad-
I dresS -';■•. Brannan St. •
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 35 Grant.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has "'een established at 1096 Va-
lencia St.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERIjE, German expert optician. I
1071H Market st.. San Francisco: exam. free.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp, 15c;
; tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined. :
I 50c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.. I
3310-1312 Stockton St., nr. Broadway.
HANDSOME new folding bed; large plate mir-
• ror; at half price. 772 Stevenson, off Ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $<S 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.: high-
est rice paid; postal. H. COLEMAN. 1125
Mission st.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furniture.etc.; highest
price paid; postal M. Sllversteln.ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
ADELAIDE Place, S. off Taylor, near Post—
rooms; sunny: very central; $12.
A- $100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant itve.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick— Modern |
sunny flat, 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
ELEGANT Hat; 6 sunny rooms; bath; fine
view; reasonable. 425 Thirteenth st.
ERIE, 147. near Folsom— 4 sunny rooms; 125
Thirteenth. 5 sunny rooms and bath. Apply
on premises or MADISON & BURKE.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _: HOWELL. !
10 Montgomery st. '--■•
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath: rent
reasonable. 3645 Sacramento St.. cor. Spruce.
FLAT— Four rooms, large yard and basement: "
rent $12. 321 Tenth st.
HOWARD. 1131—4 nice sunny rooms; large
cellar; cheap.
LEAVENWORTH, 3519—5 rooms: gas and
bath: modern improvements; rent $15.
NINETEENTH, 4056, near Castro— Lovely up-
per sunny flat; $13.
NOE, 595, NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up- i
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store i
room; $17: water free.
SHIPLEY, S7. near Fourth— sl4: sunny upper
flat of 6 rooms _ad bath. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220 Montgomery st.
TWO flats, 3313 and 3315 Twenty-first, near
Valencia ; 3 rooms and bath each.
VERY desirable sunny flat of seven rooms and
bath; almost new. 1524 Sutter st.
WANTED— At once, nice flats, cottages and
houses; will guarantee good tenants. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
4 SUNNY rooms near Mail dock; also flat, 6
rooms; $14 and $10. Key 623 Second st.
$S— UPPER flat of 4 rooms; sunny side. 472
Linden aye.. near Laguna and Hayes sts.
FURRIKR'*, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes. $10 to
$30. ROUT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
Hi_LP WANTED AGENTS^
AGENTS— AII the new holiday books; samples
coming; all the latest war books; "Reminis- !
cences and Thrilling Stories of the War,"- i
"Halstead's Life of Dewey," "Scenic Philip-
pine Inlands." etc.; stock now ready: can-
vassers wanted city and country; write for
samples. The .1. Dewing <'.. Flood bldg.,
EXPERIENCED solicitors, men and women,
for city and country; liberal terms with right
parties'. 1404 Call building. San Francisco.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK. Belvedere, $25: Oakland. $25;
Berkeley, $23; Stockton, $25; Menlo Park,
$25: San Mateo. $25; Salinas, $20; San Le-
andro. $20: 12 young girls. $20 to $30: 10
young girls to assist, $12 to $15 per month.
MISS 1 VI. I. EN. 325 Putter st.
A— 2 -BOARDING house cooks, $30 each: 3
restaurant cooks, $30 and $2". each. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
C. R. HANSEN &■ CO PHONE GRANT 185
Head waitress, university, see party here at
10 o'clock Monday; hotel waitresses. Wood- 1
land, Nnpa. Colusa. Healdsburg. 3 for Nevada |
City $20; waitress. San Jose, $25; 6 ironers,
$23 a. month and $10 a weAk: city and coun- ■
try: chambermaid to wait, Pacific Grove,
Bakersfleld, $20; 2 waitresses, city, $20. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MRS SPENCER and daughter please call at
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
RANCH cook, $25, and 40 girls for housework
and cooking; city and country. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— A smart competent girl for cooking
and general housework; wages $20. Call be-
tweeen 10 and 11 a. m., lower bell, 1000 Van
Ness aye.
WANTED Competent Irish girl to do house-
work and plain cooking; no work afternoons:
none but one who understands cooking need .
apply; wages $15. '"all at 1121 Stelner st.
REFINED young girl to take care of child 19
months old; American family; $15; references j
required. 418 Powell st.
WANTED— A steady, middle-aged woman to
care for children; $10 a month. Apply 1121
Montgomery st., between 8 and 9 a. m.
GOOD cook and a second girl for the country;
small family; good wages. Apply 9 to 12,
1526 Sutter St.
WANTED Girl to go to Bakersfleld; care for
Children and upstairs . work; ref. required;
wages $20. Call before noon at 910 Kills st.
NEAT reliable girl, assist light housework;'
help with children; sleep home. Call after
' 2 p. m., 1309 Market st.
YOUNG girl to assist general housework;
sleep at home; $12 per month. 1914 Leaven-
worth it.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for millinery;
must understand trimming; steady position.
130 Sixth st.
WANTED A young girl to assist In house-
work. 1363 Geary st. jjT: '
GIRL wanted; light housework; 3 in family;
wages $:'-' to $15. 532 Lyon st.
GOOD tailoress on coats. 641 Jessie st.
GERMAN girl; housework and cooking; $16.
Apply 9 to 12, 414 Van Ness aye.
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework. 601
1 1 ayes st.
WANTED- Girl to learn glovemaklng. 121
Grant aye.
FINISHER on custom pants; 75c a pair.
CHARLES COOPER. 621 Clay st., room ISA.
WANTED— A German girl for housework. Call
at 3116 Sixteenth St.; no children. •
WANTED*— A youns girl to assist In light j
housework. 2729 Clay St.
WANTED -A girl for general housework. 1534
O'Farrell St. .  .
COMPETENT girl: general housework; small
family: must . understand cooking:. 3254 Eddy.
CHAMBERMAID at 52 Second st.
WANTED— girl to assist In housework.
916 O'Farrell at. ... .
WANTED— First-class pants finisher. 7244
Market St., room 27.
WANTED— First-class restaurant waitress at
. 76 Ninth st. -
GERMAN girl for second work and waiting. I
Apply 1391 Geary st. .
Y'MNi; girl wanted for light housework; j
family of 2, wages $10. 1120 Turk st. 1
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRLS! GIRLS'. GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32>£ Fremont St.,
are putting in the " very best sewing ma-
chines and will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., Seventh and
Berry sts. •-■'..'
EASTERN vocalist, reputation, would have ex-
perienced pianist of ability Join her high-class
conceits through California, continuing East-
ern and Northern States. Box 307, Ca11. Oakld.
WANTED— A lady as an assistant: must be
healthy, about 30: one having had some ex-
perience In business or nursing preferred.
Address Medical, box 465, Call office.
MAKERS for millinery; must understand sell-
ing: steady position; apprentices wanted. 130
. Sixth st. .
WANTED— A finisher on pants, steady work,
good pay: also an apprentice. 1256 East
Fourteenth, bet. 25th and 26th ares., Oakland.
BUTTONHOLE makers on custom coats; girl
to assist bushelman: apprentices on coats,
pants and vests. Ml Market st. ■;•'.'--—.--
GIRL; general housework; plain cooking: fam-
ily 3. Call before 1 p.m.. IS2BA Sutter »t.
WANTED— Coat finishers on men's coats. 518
Market St., upstairs.
TAILORESS. buttonhole maker and appren-
tices wanted at 509 Kearny St.. room 2.
GIRL to help with downstairs work. 1506 Ken-
tucky st.
WANTED— Experienced operators on skirts
and shirt waists. Apply A. HOFFMAN, 413
Market- st. ■ -■
j YOUNG lady kodak operators; good pay. Call
I at 141 Hyde St.. Monday.
2 RESTAURANT waitresses wanted; wages $«
a we«>k. 631 Clay st.
GIRL, 12 to 14; good home. 1616 California st.
WAITRESS wanted steady. 623 Fourth st.
WANTED— Cook in restaurant. 113 Turk st.
' ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post. Connor & Moffatt_
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION, Sixteenth St., near Valencia
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
WANTED— German cook in restaurant, 113
Turk St.; no other need apply.
SWEDISH girl wanted for general housework;
not necessary to talk English. 1144 Howard.
WANTED— IO girls for paper box making. Ap-
ply. 675 Bryant st.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; 3 in
. family; $15. 3519 Grove st.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
MeDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
A BRANCH office for call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 3096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED MALE.
WANTED— Man and wife, private family. $60;
Swiss milker and wife, $60 to $85: milk wagon
driver and wife. $50: farmer and wife, $35 to
$40. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. €28 Sacramento.
WANTED— Waiter, country hotel, $30; restau-
rant waiters, city. $3 week; restaurant cooks,
$■• $9 and $10 week: third hand baker, $25;
hotel cook, $40 to $50: porters, dishwashers and ;
others. J. F. CROSETT 4. CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. j
WANTED— Man about place. $25; carriage
painter, country. $;s day; laundry man. $30
and found: 6 drillers, $2 25 10 $2 75 day; 4
miners, $2 50 day: farmers. $26 and found; 5
carpenters, $2 to $3 day. free fare; 4 stable-
men. $30, $45 and $50; woodsmen of all kinds
for California and Oregon at good wages: 15
laborers for lumber road, $26 and board, fare
paid; 1" teamsters. $2 day; chore boys; 5 men j
to harvest beans, $1 day and board, and oth-
ers. J. F. CROSETT A- CO., 628 Sacramento.
10 CARPENTERS FARE PAID
For flume buildinsr; L' months' work: ship
Monday afternoon
Wages $3 day: board $4 10 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR THE COAST ROAD
SHIP TUESDAY MORNING
NO I'EE FREE FARE
I borers and teamsters, $1 75 to $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. j
COMPANY WoRK FREE FARE
20 laborers. $1 75 a day: board $4 50 a week.
C. R. HANSEN 4- CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR THE SANTA FE R. R FREE FARE
Tunnelmen $2 SO a day
Teamsters $2 a day i
Laborers $-' a day !
BOARD $4 50 A WEEK
SHIP MONDAY AFTERNOON
C. It. HANSEN * CO., 104 Geary s,t.
10 STONE masons, $3 50; helpers, $2: railroad
work Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FOR MADERA FREE FARE
Teamsters for railroad work
Ship Monday Afternoon
C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary st.
BARKEEPER, $50; cook, small club, $60; sec-
ond cook. $45; cook, saloon lunch, country,
$40; broiler, hotel, $45; second cook, country
hotel, $40; second cook,. $50: fry cook, $45. res-
taurant north: porter, $25: kitchen hands and
dishwashers, $20, $25 and $30; 2 camp waiters,
$25.
.~ 3 . LAUNDRY HELP
Washer. $40; marker and distributor. $40;
ironer $25: washer for an institution, $30.
C. R. HANSEN «r CO., 104 Geary st.
STEWARD for a small country club. $30, see
party here; 4 waiters, different country hotels,
$25 to $30.
C. R. lIANSEN * CO.. 104 Geary st.
MAN about place with good references. $25:
milker and make butter, $25; milker. $25; 6
farmers, $1 a day and board; 2 hard rock
quarrymen. $2 SO a day.
C. R. HAN-EN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WANTED
L' more bridge carpenters for railroad, steady
job. $2 75 per day; man anil wife for private
place, near city, $50 and found
farmer for orchard in Santa Clara County.
$25 and found .v.
20 farmers and ranch teamsters, near city,
$25 and $2ii and board
waiter, nice small country hotel $25
2 laborers for city. $2 per day and board
where you please; 10 teamsters for city, $1 75
per day: swampers, crosscut sawyers, jack-
screweis and laborers for lumber mill. $26
to $35 and board, fare paid, and 100 others;
5 men to work about mine. $2 per day; no
experience- required. W. 1). EWER & CO..
010 Clay st.
WANTED
First-class cheese maker; see party here.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
GOOD bushelman. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO.,
718 Market st.
INTELLIGENT young- man 16 to IS years. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD & CO., 718 Market st.
CASHBOYS. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 7:30
am. ■ '
BOY wanted. 630 Post st. ■
MEN wanted at 639 Bryant St.
DISHWASHER wanted at 629 Davis st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors; steady work. H.
KRAMER, 80 Sansonie st.
WANTED — male, to go to country.
Call DETMER WOOLEN CO., 11 Sansome st.
WANTED— A strong boy who can add. 106
Clay st. .
BOY; drive wagon; help in store; wages $3 per
week. Box 1423, Call office.
FIVE barbers wanted for the city; good
wages. Apply H. BERNARD. 104 Seventh.
WANTED— Good second cook; $9 a week. 3
Jackson st.
WANTED— Coatmaker to work Inside. 927
Market St.. room 623.
WANTED— First-cjass coatmaker: also good
pressman. Apply 135 Natoma st.
WANTED— First-class pantsmaker to take
work out. 311 Fifth St.
FIRST tailor on coats to work inside. 411!4 I
Kearny St., first floor.
YOUNG man as night cashier and make him-
self useful around the place. -29 Stockton st.
WANTED— Boy who has some experience in
the butcher business. 4127 Eighteenth st.
LOCKSMITH or vise hand. 1706 Dwight way
Berkeley.
GOOD tailor wanted: steady position all year
round. Rooms 115 and 117, Phelan building.
FIRST-CLASS finisher for custom coats. 1036
Howard St.; good price.
DISHWASHER wanted at 29 Fourth st.
A BOY to work at plumbing and tinning. Call
early; Inquire 534 Minna st.
WANTED— Good block butcher, $80 per month
and found. 3318 Mission st.
STRONG young man to take care of an In-
valid. 2624 Sutter st.
BARBERS— Two-chair, paying shop-; a bar- I
gain; good prices; short hours. 503 Wash-
ington st. I
HELP WANTED —
MURRAY & READY . . ... '. .PHONE~MAIN 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
36 harvest hands $2 to $1 50 day and found
$3 50 day Hay balers $:', 50 day
23 choremen and b0y5.... 530 to $15 and found
16 milkers $30, $25 and found
56 eteady farm hands.. $26, $25 and found
IS9 laborers and teamsters for city $2 day
Man and wife with family for mine
$35 and found
Coatmakers Boys for city factories
2 milk wagon drivers $30, $25 and found
German to drive bakery wagon.. and found
• 298 laborers f»r all parts of California. $3.
$2 50. $2, $1 75 day
12 two-horse teamsters $2 25 day
18 laborers, fare 50c .' $co
29 laborers, fare 70e $60
29 stablemen, etc $50. $40, $30, $25 and found
2 tallymen, lumber company $75
Carpenter. Government U. S $30 and found
2 good iron workers $3 day
12 stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
NOTICE
SS7 other places, not advertised.
CALL AND SEE
Wheelwright, country shop C. C, Co
Harness-makers... Stone and concrete masons
Upholsterers Sash door makers
Slate splitters, wood turners, mill bench hands
Cabinet-makers
Block makers Setters, sawmill
Machinist on corrugated rolls Coopers
Wagec above lobs. $".. $4. $3 50. $.!. $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 884-836 Clay st.
FRUITPICKER3
grapeplckers ....;.
565 men and boys
fares $1 25 office fee. $1 only
anybody will suit; you will
80 to 9<i days' work; $30 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE pay your fares
to 3S sawmills, etc '.
no experience wanted
197 men for £0 different jobs
from laborers to run machines
wages, $26 to $10 per month and found....
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers, tree
fellers, bark peelers, jackscrewers, woods-
men and millmen of every description, $SO,
$75, $65, $50, $45, $40. $30 and found; wood-
choppers, titmakers, shingle and bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE ship you free free fare
to every railroad in California but one
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stonemasons, etc., from $3 50 day: board,
lodging, etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to is the Coast R. R. »
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
MARRIED HELP
f. farmers and wives
2 milkers and wives
5 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
wife to cook for men. man as choreman on
ranch: $60, $55, $50, $45, $10, $35, $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS ,
32 cooks.. sos, $55. $50. $45, $40, $'.», iM an« tomxi*
19 waiters $35, $30, $25, S2U and found
38 dishwashers $30, $25. $20, $15 and found
4 first, 5 second. 6 third hand bakers, also 5
boys to learn, $45, $40, $35, $30, $25, $20, $15 and
found: come and see us; 15 porters, bedmak- !
erE, bell and elevator boys, pantrymen, jani- i
tors, $30, $25, $20, $15 and found; 7 laundry- |
men - $35, $30, 525 and found
i) cooks and wives
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO 38 mines • big wages
1 tireman and 12 laborers $63
12 miners, tingle and double $2 50 day
55 laborer?, no experience required, you will
suit, wages $57 per month with board, etc.
25 laborers, fare $1 &0, No. 1 mine $60 1
29 laborers, fare $2 50, silver mine. .s34 found j
53 laborers, fate $4 $37 and found
Great crowds ....MURRAY & READY,
going dally 634 and 636 Clay st.
! CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
» carpenters. 16 miles from city, free fare.
house building $3 day and found
5 carpenters, steady job on a ranch
$2 50 day and found
5 carpenters, Shasta Co., steady job $3 day
16 carpenters, different jobs $3 day
8 blacksmiths: 3 helpers, $3. *2 50 day, $60,
$50. $45, $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
MONDAY.. BOSS AT OUR OFFICE. .SEE HIM
shipping 175 men Tuesday, October 3.
$3 50 day ....Coal Miners. .. .$3 60 day
Salt Lake City Utah
fare paid fare paid
we shipped 20 last Monday
we shipped, 155 last Tuesday
are shipping 175 next Tuesday
there never has been, is not now, will not
be. any labor troubles at the great coal
mines of U. P. R. R. Co.
REMEMBER
if you are in British Columbia. Oregon,
Washington or other States, or any part of 1
California, come at once, we will ship you. I
Don't write: < ome yourself: 500 wanted
BOSS HERE MURRAY & READY,
SEE HIM 634 and 636 Clay st.
FARMER and wife, fare 50c. tan take one
child $30 and found. MURRAY & READY,
634 and 635 Clay s-t.
FARE PATO.... DRILLERS, HAMMERSMEN
25 drillers and hammersmen $2 75 day I
corner men, bench hands, muckers, etc. 1
MURRAY & READY. 834 and 636 Clay st.
777T7. 7. .TT7777 BIG WAGES...
&55 men as laborers for factories, manufac-
turing company, etc., city and country. $3.
$2 50. $2 day..." Come see.
MURRAY & READY, 654 and C-36 Clay st.
GERMAN cook. $35, city; 2 German cooks, $30;
housework, city, $30. 4 in family. MISS 11.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Palo Alto, $25; Alameda. $25;
Berkeley, $20: Antioch. $20: Martlne2, $20;
Vacaville, $20: Belvedere, $25: Los Gatos,
$25: San Rafael. $25; San Leandro. $20; Ben-
Icia. $25: San Mateo, $20. and several other
towns; 20 housework girls, city. $25. $20 and
$15; 10 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter, phone Main 651.
REFINED educated girl for light second, $20.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
PROTESTANT second girl, $25; 2 second girls.
$20 and $15; 4 hotel waitresses, country, $20
each; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city 1
and country. $20 and $25. MISS H. CULLI- j
NAN. 323 Sutter st. - |
NEAT young girl to assist in housework. 2
in family; $12 to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN,
323 Sutter St.
BARBER shop nicely fitted up; good stand;
very cheap or on installments without money.
Apply to STOLTZ.. 630 Market st.
COOK tor oyster and chop house; must be
meat cutter. 110 Geary st.
WANTED— Bedmaker. 105 New Montgomery
street.
BARBERS— Good paying shop wanted; city or
country. R. HILL, 756 O'Farrell st.
STRONG choreboy for ranch; good wages.
Allna Colony, 220 California st.
WANTED — Five good hustlers on salaries. Ap-
ply 7 p. m., Monday, 300 Post st.
PRINTER for country newspaper: must be
sober and industrious; wages $30 month to
commence; steady employment to right man;
board and. lodging costs $15 to $IS. Address :
Good Home, Call office.
WANTED— with some experience in tailor- j
Ing. steady work, good wages; car fare will !
be paid. i2S6 E Fourteenth st., between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth ayes., Oakland. j
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Market st.
TAILORS— Good coatmakers and pantsmakers
wanted for the country. Apply to STEIN,
SIMON & CO.
GOOD bush^lman. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., 1
718 Market st., Monday, 7:30 a. m.
INTELLIGENT young man 16 to IS' years. Ap-
ply S. N. WOOD & CO.. 713 Market St.. Mon-
day, 7:30 a. m.
MAN well versed In the dry goods or hard-
ware trade for city: teachers or saleswomen
wanted immediately. Call r. 12, Flood bldg.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny st.
WANTED— or graduate optician with
necessary Instruments; salary $20 per week
Address box 2156, Call office.
WANTED— Men singers in vested choir; in- ]
structlon in sight reading. Good Samaritan
Mission, Second st., near Folsom.
— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages '
$1 75 and $2: board, $4 50 per week. Apply 1
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo sta- '
tion, on Valley Road. .
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per- week. ,
WANTED— driver for milk wagon;
$60 per month. 2200 Point Lobos aye.. cor 11th.
BOY to learn trade. FINK & SCHINDLER,
.. 1309 Market st.
WA'XTED- Operators and coatmakers on men's
coats. 518 Market St., upstHirs.
GOOD coatmaker wanted by the week. 410
Kearny st., room 35.
WANTED— Baker's helper. 311 Larkin st. *
GOOD steady cake baker wanted. 1139 Fol-
som fit.
ELDERLY man with $50 cash can make inde-
pendent living. Box 2165, Call office. 
JEWELERS. 328 Bush St., room 4, third floor.
COATMAKERS and basters; either piece work
or by the week; also bushelman. 641 Market.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grunt.
WANTED— Piano salesman of experience; sal-
ary and commission. Box 2323, Call.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
pric. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d st«.
BUBHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m to
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st. I
HELP AY ANTED — MALE.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade In eight
weeks: only institution teaching the tenso-
rlal art: constant practice: expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed; call or write for illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College. 633 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
■ neys, Hearst bldg., Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. j Apply box 2272. Call.
TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE, 138VJJ Eighth st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
SINGLE rooms, 1f,,-, 20c. L l .'-.- per night: 75c: $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week. ■
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 2."c night; reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
HOUSES. LIVE STOCK. — For Sale
PAIR of stylish dappled bay cobs, thoroughly
broke, sound and gentle, with harness, spider
Phaeton, etc. Apply to KELLY & SONS, 1629
Pine st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, ham - - Grand Arcade Horse Market.
•».-,'. , > lxt ' 1 st - ■ auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
PA US carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
Z'LEL. A eterinary Dentist. 605 Golden Gate ay.
HOUSES LODGING FOR SALE.
$325— HOUSE 21 rooms; 3d st.. nr.^jilarketTTent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PAF3TIES wishing to sell lodging houses se»
BASILE. 3 Eddy st.. new cash buyer daily.
$700— SNAP; 45 rooms; line location: all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILK, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN; 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market st. ; rent $40 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
j SUNNY corner; 23 rooms; oak furniture;
$750 — 15 rooms: Mason st.; always pays; $550 —
15 rooms: O'Farrell st.; paying: 100 other
houses; all prices. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy 6t.
•' APARTMENT house; 2S rooms; corner; 20
sunny: ail rented; centrally located Box
454, Call office.
i LODGING-HOUSE of 14 rooms; always rented;
I near the ferry: for sale. Box 451. Call office.
$650— Philadelphia House. 421 Bush st. : 4S fur-
nished rooms: gas and water In every room.
$800 BUYS 55-roomed lodginghouse: central: ac-
count of sickness. Box 2171. Call office.
11-ROOM house: centrally located; all full; at
a bargain. 1145 Mission st.
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST. ~
HOUSES. I FLATS.
1661 Octavia; 16 R..515.0| fifi", McAllister; 7 R.s3o
1914 Clay; 12 R 75 1523 Pine; 6 R 30
Ml Mission: 9 X.... 37 417 Jones; 6 R....527 50
1823 Broadway; 8 R. 30 i 1333 Howard: 6 R 19
756 Folsom; 7 R 21; 132 Scott; 6 P. 16
ADVANCES at lowest interest: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
DOCTORS— For private sanitarium; large cen-
trally located house with 11 rooms. 2 bath-
rooms, spacious cellar and good garden; to
lease. T. O. FEYDENFELDT. 1040 Post st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HO WELL.
10 Montgomery st.
HOUSE 9 rooms: 68 Minna St., sunny side; rent
$12 50.
LAGUNA, 1715 — 2 sunny modern houses, each of
8 rooms and bath; newly papered.
MORRIS aye., 75, near Bryant st.— Rent $15;
house of 7 rooms; light and sunny; newly
cleaned.
NINE rooms, with private entrance; fine for
renting rooms. 313' 2 O'Farrell St., nr. Mason.
TEN rooms, bath, large garden and stable. 4
Collingwood st.
TWENTY-THIRD. 2756, bet. Hampshire and
York sts.— House of 6 rooms: bath; yard; all
modern conveniences: rent $16.
HOUSES TO LET FURNISHED.
$65— ELEGANT furnished house complete: 7
rooms, bath; telephone, piano; desirable loca-
tion. Box 499, Call office.
SMALL furnished house. 7 rooms; rent reason-
able. S Derby St., off Mason, between Post
and Geary.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — 2 carriage pups, about 3 months old
Return to SWITZ'ER'S Horse Market, Twelfth
and Harrison sts. ; $5 reward.
Sunday, a link bracelet containing-
eleven diamonds. Return to J. T. WRIGHT,
640 Market st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— Locket and chain; getting off Foleom-
st. car to Sausalito ferry: liberal reward will
be paid. 2431 Harrison st.
LOST— Discharge paper; ROBERT P. CLARK
of Captain W. 11. Gordon's Company A, 18th
U. S. Infantry. Finder please return the
sajne to the Red Cross tent and oblige ROB-
ERT P. CLARK.
LOST— Bunch of keys on gold chain; quite a
number of Yale lock keys on bunch. A lib-
eral reward will be paid if returned to room,
5, ninth floor. Mills building.
$150 REWARD or full value for return of dia-
mond ring lost Sept. 29. Address 711 Van
Ness aye.
LOST— Tuesday, a hunch of keys. Return
to W. R. GRACE & CO. and receive reward.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California st,. r. 7.
MASSAGE.
MASSAGE: gentlemen treated at residence. D.
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny st. ; hours. 4 to 5 p. m.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly
of 401 Van Ness *ye. and 1362 Market st. ;
now at 118 Eddy st., one block from Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS DR. GWYER. ladies' physician. . 610
Eddy st., bet Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladies' physician. 1228
Market St.. bet. Taylor ami Jones.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. ladies' physician; medi-
cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The .Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
~~ .MINES AND MINING. ~~
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale
in a paying gold mine at $1 per share; will
advance to $3 within six months; owner need-
ing money badly must sacrifice; purchaser
may d«>al with owner direct. W. F. ARAM
Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40 Bth
floor. Mills building, S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2-hand machinery^ Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back, bars, mirrors, showcases coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st!
FOR sale— Lot 25x137:6; south side of Golden
Gate aye., bet. Laguna and Octavia sts • in-
come $40. Address J. B. FRENCH, NW cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderirk sts.
$17— WHITE pewing machine, oak. five drawers
almost new: complete. 1915 Mission st. '
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap: old houses bought, removd. 8 Valencia.
FOR sale— Edison Dancing Doll- a won-
derful toy. Apply 449 Bryant st.
SMALL stock of ladies' and children's ready-
made garments. Inquire at 1522 Ellis st.
LAW BOOKS bought and sold at REUBEN'S.
420 Montgomery st., upstairs. -
DO you Know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
2^EWEiLVßoT,°ny^rr S 8 t a Bt? ngine7r^^
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engtnT^nd
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
D ? Is S ß r,l :^Th S Dor-jsiL cure at all *"*-
-ctst* or at the Doe Hoaoitai../ . :MTSCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
S-AJfSS;— Xew and second for banks, merchants,
s Fi^amers. • residences; portable safety boxes;
.', 6p*cife chests':' bullion safes', vaults, etc. The
./Wrilt2.Rafe'Co'.. 103-1U Market st., S. F.. Cal.
FBEPfi halls'— \'T. Carr" and all brands
. F.nclish fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S. R.
"■ VCff UJRCH. $87 Bansome St., tel. Main SCS6.
GAS'OI'jINE-enKinVs: all- purposes; new and
•' f'eeprid . hand'; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
■ENGINE .CO.. 1303 Mission st., near Ninth.
X.4J3 's.o'p'Eß.li-Y 'and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
:la.r -Erice. Ratters,-' 330- Kearny St., near Pine.
SliC-pN D- ft AM ' fna-chinery, electrical supplies,
;"bdllcj-» .and engines. 11. S. White, 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus bargain list No.
. -.15 ,riow..r*'ad.y for mailing; '10 Montgomery st.
SAFF.P— Ne*- ond' second hand. THE HER-
MAN ; N" SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS.- engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and
24 ..In.: pas ens. 2J hand. J. Burke, 139 Beal«.
DRESS r^Tnt?"" J2~75 ; fine suit. $10; "MISFIT
: .CLQ'J'inNG-'PAP.LORS. 513 Montgomery st.
• '. MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
2 DENTAL chfiirs: must be Al and a bargain.
■ Ohio'-rvntßl Parlors, Inc., S5O Market St.:
open ewniTiKS and Sundays. 0 to 2.
\V ANTED— To hire, 100 first-class scraper reams
' with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B
.. STONE. hurst
V'ANT.rn-rj'c cf piano for storage: respon-
sible rarty; no children. C. 8., 929 Ellis st.
LADIES', children's Mist-off, clothing bought,
Fo-d; postal. Mrs.' Koster. 916 Montgomery ay.
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought,
' sold; tei. M'.nt.9si7. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
CLD gold; pold dust, platinum and silver
' bought H. Lnn^eoker * C«v. 11* Montgomery.
./ MONEY TO LOAN]
ANT amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, - or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance an the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
• Blre; avoid red tape and publicity ;see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
. Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
LA|V\ V anfl Loan Co-, (inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
money on- any kind of security; prosecute or
- defend lawsuits in all courts on contingent
•fefs; employ able counsel; legal advice free by
. mall or at office. 214 Pine st., room 64.
LOANS on furniture. or pianos in S. F., Oak-
. land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
.removal; no commission; no delays. J.
; NOONAN; 1017 to 1023 Mission st., abov*
Sixth;. telephone South- 14.
HlGHLY. respectable and private place to ob-
' -lain luipral -advances oh diamonds and jew-
: :' : «Jt-y : :ta '-'.-the- lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
' ; •glore. ■ «*6 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
" "br.aß-qH ' 19. Third' st:
ANT- amount •of &<? per cent oh real estate, 3d
■ and .2d.rti6rt£ag,»s, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages atxi legacies bought; no de-
■: lay. R. McCOLGAN.. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.-
ANT amount by private party en furniture and
. -p-ianoB: -no removal; low rates; confidential.
'. .BpiNKLLI,' Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell at.
P-ARtIES' iiesiro-us of borrowing $50 to $200 on
■note or [ness at S per cent, address Lender,
■ /box 'I?6S. . Cajl office.'
M-dJCEY to- loan;, quick': all propositions; small
: or.'larke.- KLOT.H.. 220 California- St.. room 7.
LOANS' on -furniture, pianos. Jewelry, stock; low
' -"ratg?. ;J. H. :KDSOy, 1208 Broadway, Oakland.
■A' : R.ELIAB.L.E place to borrow money on dla-
; ; inonds; jewelry. ' W- J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
PA-SH loaned -to salaried people on note wlth-
-'/(?ttt Vlryiorsef.;- MORRELL. tO9 Examiner bldg.
,*SQ 3"O'sio,ooQ; lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs.;
•..arij; proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
pN.' -furniture, ! pianos, without removal; no
.' com nlissl-nn:. private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY r loaned salaried people on their notes
: v vrtUTout itdprsei-.- TOT'SLEY. 592. Parrott ble.
IF "your property Is mortgaged and you need
' iprirfe money >cc H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
' . .MONEY WANTED.
: W.VKTF.n^.f 2: or less, by responsible par-
• " .ties;, goo-' F£al estate security; interest 6H
•■ 'p<?r cent;' no agent's. Address box 909, Call
' of.fice, Oakland. ■
" - ■'• MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS-.we .are selling good upright pianos for $6
;ca?h and $6 per month, we ask you to investl-
.. .gate and approve this method; prices are the
' : 6aTne -as If purchased for all cash; bargains
•In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
. " r-avmonts'-and some good pianos for $3, $1 a.nd
V.X'.vrr- month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
■ 'Steimvay dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
•. sfs,. . San- Francisco, and Thirteenth and
' Broadway, Oakland.
the oldest and largest house
.I'w-'Bst Of -Chicago i 9 >HLER & CHASES.
..'26,' IS and 30 . irrell si ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
• and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
.. thing possible done to please and satisfy the
• -customer.. '
A FKW GOOD BARGAINS:
• ' -B/-T.l upright; good for practice $115
' ;' c'hivkerins; good^order 160
Smith & P..irne<". ' ISS
•. ..Also .srilenUid squares from $35 up on $4
: --. payments: no interest
BEXJ: CURTA» & PON. 16 O'Farrell st.
BMALL upright for 1100; Hemi & Long, $173;
• Gibson $220: Decker A- Ron, $350; all bargains
at MAUVAIS'; r«» Market st.
YCU-' fe'<"t fi\i"'l pianos at reasonable prices and
• £ OH -easy, .terms at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market st.
.A— u'PUiG'HTS, 559 up; installments, $5 73 up;
..'; Tf-nts. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
.v. ■, 'BADGER, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
•j"; Fraoc.hj Bacon and Hallett ft Davis pianos,
A --.BARGAIN — Stelnway . upright cheap.
: fiCHJUItZ, M McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
■.G-ODI) I'jiano in storage on sale cheap for cash.
' : Vftl»SOX*S RAGE, 171 I Market st.
■ A?-»sis" .UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; alao
.the famous .Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stelnway upright: also the famous
■ 11. muni Tiros." pianos. 216 McAllister St.
SOIIMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
■•Post st. •
■WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gang.'. BYRON M.U7.Y, 308 Post st.
KNA.BE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
L.ER &'CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. "
"SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
.-. Mri.LKR. ranker, r-i't--"- 2 Latham plare.
OFFICES : AND STORES — TO LET.
:ST'iRE and 3 rooms, fill Third St.; well !o-
-'. ratpd for French laundry; large, yard.
STO-REir-.Twenty-thlrd and Guerrero; 3 rooms
." ahrl concret« cellar; .good location for bakery.
-jlieSlON; 2D27— Store and 3 rooms, suitable for
-a' laundry;' large yard; rent $1".
.^IARKET, 1517— Part of small store; very rea-
; finable. . ; 1 oslle Van Ness aye.
•FOR rent or for lease, 853 Howard St., large
':' -• -- -and .large concrete basement.
; •';. . PALMISTRY.
MM^r^^E^G^Ar{DTpupll^"count St! 'oer^
■ ma.!n. 616- Geary St.. above Jones; classes;
"'office hours. 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mall. $1.
-. . PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with $2500 to Increase stock hard-
•' war*> ness; cleared $6000 In 1 yr.; estab.
: -- over 20 yrs. M. I-: M.. Call office, Oakland.
■•;'"*. PERSONALS.
FR EDR ICKA LODUIS, n«e McLINDEN.
• nee HOHN. having left my bed and board.
Z.V f AUGUST F. CLODUIS, will not be re-
-. sfior.slble for any df-hts contracted by her
•.^altcr this date, October 1, IS-W.
■"LEDERRIf.S Qulntonlca Hal) Tonic Is not a
b.Hir djf -nourishes the hair and is very bene-
•fn-'lal to it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St. .
■LEDERER; the popular hairdresser, charges
• "but 2Jc for latest hair styles; he uses Bchef-
fler's'Colorine for dyeing the hair, only $150
to it,; price 75c box. 123 Stockton st.
A NEW .great discovery for Hie permanent
• .removal of superfluous hair and a great pro-
gress In medical F(.-leT..-e. which allows both
. men and women to dispense with the painful
electric needle, which Is very often danger-
ous to use.
• Therefore It would be well for any one who
is 'afflicted with such a disfigurement to call
upon me.
■ Dr. Pepper. specialist for all kinds of die-
liEHrement on the face, cures freckles, moles, J
•pimples, blackworms. scars. Also a new meth-
<'l• to cure birthmarks, tan, mot, wrinkles.
Also clears complexion, etc., etc., and every
case Is guaranteed by the well-known Dr.
Popper, who has practiced here In the city for
the past 37 years. For any of these cases he
will send treatment to any part of the coun-
try. DR. V. POPPER. 318 Kearny St.. S. F.
■ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75;
•"nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market Ft., under St. Nicholas Hotel.
WANTED— Name and address of persons owing
mortgages to Pacific States Building and
■ Loan Association, who have paid In on stock
' for 6 or 7 years. Address G. B. HOLMBERG,
■■ f32 Market St., S. F., room 23. : . :^ .
JOHN L. BOONE. » Patent Trademark
• •■Attorney at Law. ana Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
Ean Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ANNlE— Where did you get your tailor-made
suit? At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
' 1306 Stockton. I paid for same at $1 per week.
ANTIQUE and curiosity >^iop; goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 526 Dupont st., nr. Cal.
PERSONALS.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., near Market: 700 rooms;
26c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
! WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at
i Palace of Art, 16 Post St. Ladles with escorts
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
i HAQUETTE.
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verlte
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
OSTRICH feathers and feather boas cleaned
and curled at short notice. S2l Ellis St.,
between Polk st. and Van Ness aye. . .-„
MRS. A. L. JONES-Call Immediately MRS.
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth ?t.. Alameda.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 808 Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines: no fric-
I tion. White Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
; MME LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
frcm O'Farrell to KB Eddy st
I FRINGES of all kinds at ETTINGER'S, 723
Market st. _
MLLE CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors, 23S Kearny St., first floor, rooms 2-3.
1 JAMES A SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth fit., near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO., mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE plies cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield & Porterfleld. 83S Market St.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, crow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. C Eddy et.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
I tlon: guarantd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
j SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOB, 1117 Market. Ft., bet. 7th and Bth.
1 WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler 24S O'Farrell. bet Powell &- Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
: FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
; catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Peary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEOXJ9.
j DR. C C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1 1021H Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
t
i HOUSE and lot wanted; warm location; near
' cars. CEO. W. CHAPIN, 11 Montgomery^
! REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
"at a. m. speck & co.'S,
In the Examiner building,
GOOD INVESTMENTS.
$160.000— Grand investment within block of Call
bl.Jg-; lot 210x70 ft.; one tenant; rents $8000.
$75,000 — Grand investment; 255x37 ft.; rents
$350; near Ferry; cost $103,000.
$140,000— stone, brick and Iron building:
rents 110,000 per annum; guaranteed lease; S
years' lease.
$40,000— Grand Investment; vicinity of Mason
St.; rents $402.
$30,000— Stores and 12 flats; rents $300; lot 50x
165 ft. ~iv'i
$25,000 Grand Investment; block from Stock-
ton and Market; lot 33x137; old Improvements;
: pays 5 per cent net; If Improved will pay 10 per
! cent.
$14. — Geary St.. near Mason; store and lodg-
-1 ing-house.
$18.000 — First St.; 37- foot front; 2 fronts; near
Mission.
$12,C'"»i— Mason st., not far from Geary St.; 33
: foot front.
$14,000—1 elegant flats of 9 rooms each; rents
$115; (salt water); near Geary st.. donivtnwn.
$10,800 — New flats; very fine; rents $95.
- -Ninth st., near Mission; business.
-Market st. flats; lot 30 feet front; a
1 snap.
$8500— Stockton st.: rents $70; lease 10 years.
$5000— California at.; 3 flats: rents $45.
.$4760 — St.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from $6600; large lot.
$1750— Cozy r-room house-; lot 25x100 ft.; nice
I grounds; rent $16 50.
J2000— 2 flats; rents $IS. 
$750 — Cozy new cottage; large lot. used for
1 chickens and vegetables.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.S, 667
Market St.
BUSINESS SNAP. ~~
f6ooo— $45<*) mortgage can remain at 6 per cent;
100 feet from transfer point; large room-
ing house (altnost new) of 30 sunny
rooms, bath, laundry, large dining
room, etc.; will pay 15 per cent on In-
vestment: lot 43:6x100 '«t
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
C 39 Market st.
1 FOR — House of 10 rooms, suitable for 2
families: lot 25x110; on Thirteenth st.. in West
Oakland: price $1700; cheaper for cash; offer
i wanted: going East the cause. For particu-
lars apply to WM. CHRISTIN, Real Estate
Agent, 1739 Seventh St., West Oakland.
NEW HOMES
Five, S, 7. 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $45C0: terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder.
) PROPERTY redeemed; money advanced for
Improvements: sale guaranteed In 10 days;
cash offer in 24 hours: no expense; no delay.
P. A. DOLAN, 636 Market st.
: IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
! west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. QUJfN, 410 Montgomery st.
I $4000— 415 LOMBARD st.; lot 50x90; house of 9
rooms and bath; brick foundation; a bargain.
Apply 460 Montgomery aye.
TWO elegant houses on Scott st.. near Cali-
fornia; cheap. J. H. CARSE, 11 Montgomery.
FOUR-ROOM tay-wlndow cottage: -also stable;
; a bargain. 14"9 Shotwell st.
i CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
: United State?. postpaid, for $1 per year.
! HEAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
WANTED— Ranch- on shares; will furnish
; cash. H., 102V4 Sixth fit.
HUMBOLDT Co.- Dairy farms for sale; red-
wood, grazing lands. G. H. Burchard. Arcata.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping rooms get list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co., 426 Kearny.
EDDY. 915—3 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
elegantly papered; private res. fine location.
EDDY. 1538— Four sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; rent $17.
EIGHTH, 348. nr. Market— 2 sunny double front
parlors, with kitchen and bathroom, furnished
for housekeeping; private family.
ELLIS, WO— small rooms: In rear; ' furnished
for housekeeping.
ELLIS, 133S — 3 to 5 unfurnished rooms In mod-
ern sunny flat: all conveniences : cheati.
. FIFTH. 101 -New corner bouse; sunny bay-win-
dow room, with kitchen; other rooms; reas.
GEARY, 516 — Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rooms; phone.
HARRISON, 736— Fine sunny furnished flat Of
three or four rooms for housekeeping; gas,
bath. Call 2 to 5 afternoons.
HOWARD, 829— Housekeeping rooms, $1 75 to $3
per week; also other rooms.
! HOWARD. 1018— Suite of housekeeping rooms;
I also single, suitable for dressmaker or tailor.
HOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping; running water.
IF you're short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
JACKSON, 920, near Mason— Large furnished
housekeeping rooms. $S: single $4.
JONES, 114— Two rooms, complete for house-
keeping; ground floor; $15.
LARKIN, -Large sunny back room, neatly
furnished; one or two persons, $6 50; sunny
small room, $4; light housekeeping.
MCALLISTER. Furnished parlor. bod-
room. dining-room, kitchen; bath; no children.
I MINNA. »- Housekeeping and furnished
, rooms; $1 a week and up.
MINNA. 111H— Furnished housekeeping bay-
I window suite, with piano; $2 50 per week. ' !
MISSION, E6l— Sunny bedroom and kitchen;
furnished; cheap.
, O'FARRELL. 1023. near Van Ness— Parlor suite
with kitchen, complete for housekeeping.
I STOCKTON. 1307— Nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
THIRTEENTH. 329, near Valencia— Sunny fur-
nished housekeeping room; also single room;
rent $7 and $4.
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely tarnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
I subscriptions has been established at 1098 Va-
lencia Ft.
I ROOMS TO LET Knrn. and I nfnrn.
A— BRUNSWICK KOI.'SE, 14S Sixth — Rooms',
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Bt. . , •
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $160 day. . MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second St., double rooms for week. $1 50
to $3; single, $1 to $150; day. 25c to 50c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2. 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — and I'nfurn,
BUSH, Furnished sunny front room for
gentleman at $7 per month; private. ■ :
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 60 week up; elevator day and night.
EIGHTH, 10%, near Market— Nice sunny bed-
room and kitchen. . '. i*i- : "
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, 25c
a night, $1 a week up; reading room.
ELLIS. 618— Fine large sunny rooms; newly
furnished; gas; bath: running water; $"> up.
EXCELSIOR House. 39 Turk. cor. Taylor— New
mangt.; sunny front bay-wind, rms. ; trans' nt.
FELL. Newly furnished double and single
rooms; sunny; private.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished rooms, double and sin-
gle. $5 to $7; store with housekeeping, '.sls.
GEARY, HA— Handsomely furnished suit*;
aiso single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 405 (Th* Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HxER.
I GEARY, 441 'th.- Harvey)— Nicely furn. rms.;
I bath, running water; thoroughly respectable.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission-Select family
j rooming house; $1 SO to $6 per week.
HARRISON, 786 A —Unfurnished 2 sunny rooms
and bath in a private family; rent $6. >
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. 11S0U Newly furnished rooms for
gentlemen; or light housekeeping permitted.
HOWARD 1522— Lovely front Funny room; bay
window ; 'very reasonable; other rooms.
' HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
ISc to 50c per night; $1 50 to $3 per wee*.
IF you wish to stop at a reasonable, quiet and
respectable rooming house, try 52 Second st.
LKWIB 18, Olt Taylor, near Post-2 unfur-
■ nished rms.: large closets; $8; also 1 room. $3.
MAIN, Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
1 gentlemen, from $4 up per month.
; MCALLISTER. 702 i >4— Sunny furnished or un-
j furnished rooms to rent, en suite or single;
I private family.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient
MISSION, 921H— 2 nicely furnished rooms in
a neat, private family. >
MISSION, 1135— Nicely furnished front room,
suitable for gentlemen; $7.
MISSION. 1729%, nr. 13th— Large sunny fur-
nished front room, bath, laundry. $3; single, it.
'"NEWPORT," 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Large
bay-win, rmg. and single. $5 up; also hskpg.
NINTH. 20. near Market— Front bay-window
suite; housekeeping or not; gas; water; $11.
j OAK 385— Nicely furnished sunny front room;
private family; gas, bath; $6 month.
i O'FARRELL, 537— Large room, suitable for 1
■ or 2 gentlemen; private family.
POLK, 1527, bet. Washington and Jackson-
Sunny front rooms; furnished; use of bath;
quiet location; cars handy; private family;
' reasonable. •_ .
; SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
i SOUTH PARK 46, near Third— Nicely fur-
; nished room In private family; bath and gas.
1 STOP hunting furnished rooms; get list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny st.
TEH AM A. 62. near Second— s9; 3 rooms lower
part of house; in good order.
i THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
: THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms. 52 pcr 1 week;
also single rooms for men.
TO LET- Furnished rooms. 11l Eighth St.,
near Mission; quiet house.
TURK. 32. bet. Mason and Taylor— fur-
nished front room, $2 50 per week; also other
rooms from $1 to up. -
VALENCIA, 117— A nice sunny front room.
j A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
I SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
; $2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
1 machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
' ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
i pairing at lowest rates. ■ 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
GOLDEN Jubilee celebration. I. O. O. F.—
Sealed proposals will be received at the office
of the Executive • Committee, Seventh and
Market sts.. up to noon. October 7, for the
restaurant, Icecream, soda water and candy
privileges at the Mechanics' Pavilion, for Oc-
tober IS. 19 and 20. Address J. H. GILMORE,
j Chairman of the Hall Committee. (No liquors
will be allowed.) By order of the Executive
Committee. U. S. G. CLIFFORD. Bee.
■ ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up:
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 lid st.
' NICE private home in confinement: most rea-
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfeiffer. mid-
-1 wife, 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
, BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
: city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO. , 41.1 Montgomery Ft., rroms 9-10: tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office. >01 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main 6713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 60x
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE, 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
j grounds: private. MRP. DR. FUNKE. 'HIS Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale— ln the best part of Berkeley, house
of 9 rooms: new; all modern Improvements;
lnr"g* lot. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate,
adjoining Postofflce, Berkeley.
I TO let— Furnished hcu*« of 13 rooms; 6 acres
! of land: carriage house, etc. Apply JOSEPH
i , J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining Post-
office, Berkeley.
FOR SALE— Fine residence site; comer Vine
■ and ;'ijrufo, bet. Vine and Cedar, North
Berkeley: outiook on bay; very desirable for
home: garden, orchard; any amount. Terms,
owner. HEMENWAY. 151S Spruce.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 rages, ■ sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent. In desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con-
' venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9O3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
' SUNNY modern cottage; large rooms; flowers;
I fruits, chickens; handy to school, local trains;
easy payments. MRS. A. GOODRICH, 117S
East Sixteenth St., Oakland.
FOR sale, $R:K> — good Investment, four-
room cottage, with bath, basement, brick
foundation; rented for $8 per month; must
be sold. Apply at once to It. J. MONTGOM-
ERY, 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOPSKS TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath; barn;sS9
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAXP FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture .dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
• DIVIDEND NOTICES. '
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Dividend No 97 (We per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market st., on and after Mon-
day, October 2. 1899. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday. September 2fi. 1599. at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM House, San Francisco, Cal.,
Oct. 2, 1894; Notice— Certain goods remain-
Ing in Bonded Warehouse one year will be
sold at public auction at the United States
Appraisers' Store on the ?sth of October,
1899, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Descriptive catalogues can be had. at the
Custom House on October 19, 1899, or at time
and place of sale.
J. P. JACKSON, Collector . ]
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. .
Birth, marriage and death notices .sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. .
BORN.
GREEN— In this city, September 21, 1599, to the
wife of A. W. Green, a daughter.
__— _
"died.
Doyle. Ellen Mooar, Sarah A.
Durr, Mrs. M. J. McGulre. Patrick
Brown, Rachel F. McKee. John
Hoffman. Robert S. Nelson, Claus H. •
Huerne, L. E. P. Rabeneck, M. E. L.
Miller, .Maggie Buell Sorbler, Josephine M.
DOYLE— In this city. October 1, 1899, Ellen
Doyle, beloved mother of Mary E. Doyle, a
native of County Wexford, Ireland, aged 80
years 4 months and 19 days. . . -V. : :
DUKR— In Tacoma, Wash., September 29, 1899,
Mrs. M. J. Durr, beloved daughter of George
Israel, deceased, and Mrs. M. A. Mac Ma-
s ter. a native of Antloch. Cal.. aged 38 years.
BROWN— In this city, October 1, 1893, Rachel
' F. Brown, a native of New York, aged 52
years. • .
HOFFMAN— In the City and County Hospital,
October 1, 1599. Robert S. Hoffman, a native
of Ohio, aged 33 years.
HUERNE— An anniversary requiem high mass
I will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
I of the late L. E. Prosper Huerne at the
Church of Notre Dame des. Vlctolres. • Bush
street, below Stockton, this day (Monday),
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.
MILLER— In Fruitvale. at 341 Nicol aye., Octo-
ber 1. 1899 Maggie Buell Miller, wife of John
W Miller', and only child of Rev. and Mrs.
Allen J. Buell, a native of New York, aged
40 years and 1 month.
MOOAR— In Oakland. September 29, 1599, Sarah
A., beloved wife of Professor George Mooar.
C^Funernl this- day (Monday), at 2:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 400 Edwards
street. Interment private.
McGUIRE— In this city. September 30. 1899.
Captain Patrick McGulre. beloved father of
John Thomas, Joseph, Frank and Edward
McGuire. Mrs. Charles Freel and Mrs. Fred
Anderson, a native of Ireland,, aged 61 years.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
full Invite. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his son, • Thomas McGuire, 7 Dale place, off
Golden Gate avenue, between Leavenwcrth
and Hyde streets, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral. Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell street,
for services at 2 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
McKEE— In this city, September 30. 1599, John,
beloved husband of the late Elizabeth Mc-
Kee, and beloved father of Thomas, Annie,
James, John and Emma McKee, a native of
County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 69 years and
6 months. A member of Lincoln Post, G. A.
R. (New York papers please copy.)
U^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
full invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3CO Elizabeth street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth, Vlcksburg and
Sanchez streets, Where services will be held.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NELSON- this city. October I, 1899. Claus
Henry Nelson, beloved father of Mrs J. F.
Ingersoll and Peter, Lena. Rica and Gussle
Nelson, a native of Sonderburg, Schleswig,
aged ■■■ years.
RABENECK— this city, September 30, 1599,
Mary Ella Iyouise, beloved wife of Fredrick
Rabeneck, beloved daughter of Patrick Foley,
and beloved sister of the late John Foley,
a native of Napa, Cal., aged 26 years and 5
months.
(CTFrienrls an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SORBIER In Los Gatos, October 1, 1899, Jo-
sephine Marie Sorbler. beloved daughter of
Jules E. and Louise A. Sorbier, a native of
San Francisco.
CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8*
N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS H JACOB & CO £™ff& „*"£
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
ers. 31S Mason street, bet. Geary and
O'Farrell streets. Telephone Main 5213.
A\c/\VOV* «jl co.,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
1235 Market St.. between Sth and Sth. ■
Telephone South 247. ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Christine Parrott Donohoe and Joseph A.
j Donohoe Jr. to Maud L. Flood, lot on N* line
of Broadway, 137:6 W of Buchanan street. W
i 137 :«. N 276, E 137:4Vi. S 117:6, E :llj, S
■ 167:6; $10.
Pauline R. Bloom to May Bloom, lot on E
! line of Broderirk Ftreet, 87:6 S of Page, S 25
by E 107:«; gift.
Ernest D. C. Rohde to Katharine Rohde, lot
on NW corner of Fulton and Baker streets, N
37:6 by W 9fi:lo^; $m.
Jacob Finger to Anna B. J,. Moser, lot on E
line of Shrader street, 50 S of Page S 25 by
E 108:1; ?"
Arthur P. Smith to C. Howard Smith, un
divided one-fourth of lot on E line of San Jose
I avenue, !<« N of Twenty-fifth street, N 87 by
: E N; $250.
Hannah B. Keyes to Frank Keyes, lot nn E
i line of Capp street. 106:4 S of Twenty-fifth S
21:S bj E 116; gift.
Constantln Ludwlg and Louise M. Wulff (by-
Thomas E. Ryan, commissioner) to City Build
ing and Loan Association; lm on SE corner of
Sanchez an .i pay streets, E 3n by s 114; $2080.
Robert K. and Anna Madsen "to Angelu De
! martini, lot on. S line of Chestnut street 112:«
i W of T'upont. W 2. r , by S 87:6- $10.
Estate of Andrew Henebery iby John E c,->t
tle. executor) to Robert Hubbs, lot on S line
! of Golden Gate avenue, 177:0 W of L*aven-
I worth street, W 20 by S i"7:6; $9Sofi.
Rnge r Johnson to James Tunstead lot on
E line of Forty-fifth avenue, 100 S of J street
B 16 by E 110; 110.
John A. Acanl to Marlon Fulton lot 294
Gift Ma]. 2, $10.
W A. T and Marion Fulton Agard and Jane
I A. \\«ctlund (Award) to Elizabeth Laumeis
ter. lots 2<K>. 202. 2''t, 2% nnd 2flS, samp- $o»o
Benjamin E. Arnold (by Edward I. Sheehan
Tax Collector) to F. W. Ciarke. lots 33 and 34
San Miguel Homestead; tax deed; $3.
James E. Nolan to Agnes v. Nnian (his
wife), all property In which second party has
interest; $1.
Alameda County.
P. Flynn (administrator estate of Margaret
Keye ? ) to John May, al! Interest In lot on NW
line of Weft Fifth un<! Center streets W 439
N M:T, F. U, S :•:.. to beginning, being lot io'
block 494. Oakland; lUOO.
John an.l Anna May to J. P. C. Pedersen
same. Oakland: $K.
Sarah H. and Franklin Warner to Luiri
Miirinl. lot on the E line of Market street
60:*% S "f Third. E 1M:4«, S 50. W to E Mar
ket, N 50 to beginning, block 101, Oakland
slooo.
! Sarah and Dennis Aherne to Cosmopolitan
I M. B. .<• L. Af.«oclatlon, lot on S line of Crrnv
I ford street. 300 E of San Pablo avenue E f." S
112.:»8; W SO, N 111.96 to beginning, being lot 6
block Q, J. W. Crawford Tract, Oakland: $in"
! John R. Clascock (as trustees) and Alfred
; H. Blow and Mary \' Well (as trustees under
I deed of Mary A. Blow, deceased) to Malcolm
McDonald, lot to. Clascock and Blow Te m( - s .
cal Tract Oakland: $in.
1 Lulgl Dulclch to Catherine Dulclch. lot on E
' corner of East Fourteenth street and Thirteenth
I avenue. E 181 :ZH, NE to a point NW to SE
j of Thirteenth avenue. SW 160:1^ to beginning
quitclaim deed. East Oakland" $5.
Catherine E'ulcich to Cyrus V. Bunce, same
East Oakland: $10.
Alice Hlllega** to Blake Company of San
i Francisco <n corporation), lot 7, block c
■ Hllletra«s Tract. Mnp 3. Berkeley; $100.
; Johanna, Rudolph F.. Ettle.' Julius A
Clara E. anil Frederick C,. Crist to Viola F
)!e : if ,n, lot 2, block G T.ntham Terrace Knst
Oakland; $10.
Bertha Anderson fwlfe of Christian) to Susan
Kilkenny, lot 6, block 4. McKee Tract Oak
land; $SO.
W. K. Brown (and as attorney) and Delia
V. N. Br.iwrl 'by attorney, to Mary F Con
nlff. lot 17, block C. Bellevue Tract. Alameda
slo.
1 Joseph B. and Mary J. Emmal tn Joseph B
: Emmal Jr.. lot on E line of St. Charles street
i 175 S of Rnilroad avenue, S 50, E V'4:4V N SO
W ir.3:6 to beginning, being lot 75, Enclnal Pr.rk
Tr.i-t. Alameda: $5.
George J. Curtis (by E. A. Heron, commis
sioner) to John B. Halsterl. let on N line of
Seventh street. 71 E of Clay, Vi 50 by N 100 be
i Ing lots 27 and JR.. block 7:>. Oakland; $2710
John J. O'Rnurke to Fanny I. Springsteen
lot 6, block 13. Map of Fitchburg Homestead
lots. Brooklyn Township: $10.
Nathaniel O. Curtis et al. to John Qulgley.
right of way on line between subdivisions 12
and 14. as per Unarcinwn'f Map of subdivisions
of Rancho. Arroyo de la Alameda, Washington
Township: $1
Henry A. Palmer o T B C ut.">r estate of C. T.
H. Palmer and C. C. Oreendujrh. by A W
! Bishop, commissioner) to Frank feiohman,
undivided Interest In nn» -quarter of lots 10
an.'. 11. block C. and lot 12, block D, Suburban
Tract, Berkeley: $756.
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Time.) '
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 1. 1899—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day: ,•
Eureka 56 San Diego 66
! Fresno SO (Independence ' 84
I Los Anodes 76 Sacramento 74
Red Bluff 72 Yuma 9S
San Luis 0b15p0.... 761 . '. . .<;
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
67: minimum, 53; mean, 60.
The weather Is generally cloudy over the
Pacific Slope except along the central ' an<J ;
southern portions of California and Arizona.
Light „ rain has fallen quite .generally, over.
Washington "and Northern Oregon.
The pressure , has risen rapidly over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope and
fallen over Arizona and the southern portion
of California.
The temperature has risen slightly over
Washington and along the central and south
ern coast of California; elsewhere on the Pa
cific Coast It has fallen decidedly. the
greatest fall being over the Rocky Mountain
region, where It amounts to more than 20 de
grees.
Conditions are favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in . California Monday
and showers ever the northern portions of
Nevada and Utah.
Forecast made at San. Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, "October 2, 1899:
Northern California— Fair • Monday; some
what warmer: fresh northerly winds.
Southern California— Monday; cooler In
the eastern portion; fresh northerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy with showers In the moun
tains Monday.
Utah— Cloudy , with showers to-night and
Monday; cooler In southern portion.
Arizona— Partly cloudy; cooler Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
warmer; fresh northerly winds.
- : G. H. WILLSON. Forecast Official.
— f
Sun, Moon and Tide.
*_ — — : : — ♦ i
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
. ■Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
I the height of tide Is the Fame at both places.
MONDAY. OCTOBER I. |
! NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides !
1 the early morning tiles are given In the left !
hand column and the successive tides of the ,
day tn the order of occurrence as to time. The
j second time column g!ve« the second tide of I
I 'he day, the third time column the third tide .
• and the last or right hand i-olumn gives the
i last tide of the day, except when there are but ;
thre° tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
! given are In addition tn the soundings on the '
United States Coast Survey charts, except i
| when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height, ]
and then the number given Is subtracted from ;
the d»pth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the rrr»an of the lower low waters.
♦— ■ ♦
Steamer Movements.
« , : : ->
TO SAIL.
♦ ; ; i
Shipping Intelligence.
>_ : . — — — «
ARRIVED.
Sunday. October 1.
Stmr Weeott. Ellis, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Orizaba, Nlcolson. — hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 32 hours from Mobs
Landing. -; ... •
Ptnir Alcazar, Gunderson, 88 hours from
Santa Anita Creek.
Ship St. Nicholas. Lees. 21 days from Karluk.
Ship Servla. Gllmore, 120 days from New
I Br ship Pythomene, McAusland, 220 day? from
Newcastle, England, via Montevideo 90 days.
Br ship Auntrasla. Ewnrt. 173 days from
Hull, England, via South Shields. 141 days.
Br ship Province, Jonee. 114 days from Liver
! pool.
i Hr ship Pahane. Roach. 185 days from New
■ castle. England.
Hr hark Invercauld. Jackson, 149 days from
Swansea. i.' .'
Bark Harvester, Edwardsen, 7 days from
Seattle.
Fr bark Catnbronne, logoff, 129 days from
I Swansea.
Bark Harry Morse, Fullerton, 8 days from
Seattle.
RarkEleetra, Petersen. 23 days from A lit alt.
Fr hark Sainte Anne. Bernler, 120 days from
Swansea.
I Schr Harbara Hernster, Anflndsen, 17 hours
from Fort Bragg.
BchT John P. Tallant. Hoffland, 8 days from
Tacoma.
Sehr Czarina. Schmalz. — days from Unga.
Schr Mary C., Madsen. 7 hours from Fort
Ross.
Schr Helen N. Kimball. Hansen, 25 days from
Mahuknna.
Schr Volant, Krog. 62 days from Mazatlan.
Schr American Girl. Roos, 10 days from Port
Gamble.
Schr Sailor Boy, Nielsen, 10 days from Port
Blakeley.
I Schr Erllp««(». Forest. 60 hours from Eureka.
' Shr ("has. Hanson, Dannevlg, 37 days from
, St. Michael.
I Pchr Joseph Russ, Peterson, 9 days from Port
Gamble.
SAILED.
Sunday, October 1.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka.
Br stmr Glenogle, Jones, Manila, via Hono
lulu.
Stmr Corona, Hall. San Diego.
Stmr San Pedro, 7vidd»rt. Eureka.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr i has. Nelson, Anderson, Manila, via
Honolulu.
Br ship Dynomene. Snodden, Queenstown.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu. Johnson. Hllo.
Bark Topgallant. Lunvaldt, Port Blakeley.
Bktn Irmfrard. Schmidt. Honolulu.
Schr Bessie M.- Nielsen. .
Schr Dora Bluhm, Smith. Olympia.
Schr Winchester, Huns, codfishlng. . ;
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bowens Landing.
Pchr Ruby A. Cousins, Walton, Grays Har
bor.
Schr Uranus, Stengland. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 1, 10 p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind, northwest; velocity, 20 miles per
i hour - "spoken.  :;; :
Per Br ship Valkyrie— 28. 23.20 north,
! 136.16 west. Br bark Invercauld, from Swansea,
for San Francisco. :
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct I— Bark
! Empire, from Honolulu. Sailed Oct 1— bark
Karoo, for Greenoek; schr Nokomls, for Hono- i
i lulu: schr Carrier Dove, for Haiphong. In port i
| Oct I— Bark Carondelet. from Port Gamble, for
I San FVanclsco; bktn Northwest, ' from Tacoma, :
for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO— SaiIed Oct 1-Schr Alice Kim
ball for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Oct I— Schr Se
quoia, hence Sept IS; schr Annie Larsen, from :
! San Pedro: bark Lev! G. Burgess, hence Sept ;
i 19; schr Comet, from Pan Pedro; schr Challen
ger hence Sept 12: schr Salvat^r. hence Sept SI.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Oct I— Schr
James Rolph. from San Pedro; schr Salvator,
from ' Port Townsend. •
SEATTLE— Oct 1— S stmr U. 8.
Grant, from Alaska. Sailed— Stmr Ellhu Thom
son, for Honolulu.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct Schr
I James Rolph. from San Pedro; ship Columbia, i
i hence Sept 19.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct I— Br ship . Royal !
Forth, from - Acapulco. Spoken off Columbia
River. Ort Br bark Lorton, from Hamburg,
for Oregon. . : . - . -* .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Spet 30— Br
i bark Inverurie. from Antwerp.' Sailed Oct' 1—
Stmr Mineola, for Nanalmo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct I— Bark Empire, from
Port Townsend; stmrs Dingo and Humboldt,
from Dyen. ; ■ .
" TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS. •
SOUTHAMPTON— Oct 1-Stmr Bre
men, from New York, for Bremeji. ' ■ ■'
NEW YORK—Arrived Oct I— Stmr La. Nor
mandla. from Havre.
LOTTERY DRAWING. v
OFFICIAL DRAWING
' * ' OP THE ••• .■ - . . i
LOTTERY
BENEFICENCIA PUBLICI
The 128 th ordinary monthly drawing:,
CLASS "I," . - ,
£"*■?■> '"> the City of Mexico on September
ZB, 1899.
Special notice— The. public is cautioned to be-
ware of concerns claiming to operate lotteries
in the City of Mexico or at any other point
in the republic of Mexico, as all such con-
cerns are fraudulent. The lottery of the
Benefleencla Publlca Is the only one. Beware
of spurious Imitations and see that all tickets
I are signed by A. Castillo, lutervenor, and U.
Bassetti, Manager, as none othejrs are genuine.
No. a; Prize. No. Prise. |No. Prize
236 100 26« 40 306 . 46
323 20 1 '432 200| 43S 40
94* 20 962 20 57«........ 20
987 20 103S 20 1087 5
12«? 40 1330 JO 13-4 40
"31 100 1306 20 1818 20
1628 40 162* 40 1656........ 20
' 1;6« 100; 1937 40: IMS 2u
2 r '"4 SOl 2212 100 2220 20
'*!' 20 2364 40 2652....;... 20
25*2 20 2607 20 2662 100
2708 20 3738 100 2769 40
Hf> 20' 2859 40 2975 40
301« 40j 3154 »0 3192 40
3194 20 3223 20 3344 20
; I 3 'l 20; 3890 20 3402 100
! •*" « 3423 100 3561 20
3538 20 3733 20 ! 3509 20
3s J-i 40-3843 4013999 20
«OJ« 20 4271 100 4414 40
"20 20 4459 40, 4641 20
*11ll l l *0 4751 (01 4895 20
4»« 20 4973 20 5095 20
! "1» 20 i 5211 20 5254 20
! 6SOB 40! 53« iOj 5458 100
! gfl 2" 5668 40,5591 20
: 5SB.f 40 6354........ 40 637« 20
, 6«J 20 6642 20 6782 20
: 6902 40.6*37 20016953 40
! 7049 20 7039 100 7265 .... 100
7532 100 «56 ldo| 7877 40
, iiH 20: 7598 20! 7603 10
J»*S 2* 7SBO : 40 7886 20
I 7982 100! 8121 20, S2"« 40
S*<9 20 8118 if. 8432 40
*$?« 20| 8721 20 8722 20
! S'-'l 20; 8852 20, mo 20
5142 20 9168 20; 9208 20
! 9210 100 9306 40! 9428. .. 40
. M3O . 20! 9631 49 9697..].;;.! 20
! 9912 40| 091» 40 9932 . 20
10034 40.10140 40 10222....... "0
10*57 100:10645 40 ' 10756 20
i HIT" 80111348 2011631 40
J«00 20 11766 20,11-36 40
! 11*65 4012854 40 12498 20
'12620 40|US03 i 12858 20
13074 20113120 40 13320 20
13H» 20 13774 20 13778 40
13928 20113358 30114010 40
14084 2011409? 40114164 40
14206 20 14:123 20 14337 20
"3"7 20 14454 40 14674 40
1474S 100 14763 20 14766 40
14773 200.14900 500.15013 mo
16191 40 i:> 296." 21)|15376 80
■ 1-'39S 40 i:.<U 100 15433. 500
1 IC4SS 20 15341 29 15&55 29
.16088 20 16168 20 16256. 40
:1645s 20 16556 4011^62 . . 20
! 16679 20 16797 20 17093 100
I 1728» 20 17466 17489 40
1*635 2" U«8 20.17761 20
i 17952 20 17976 4018016 40
: IS'74 20[15079 20J15139 20
IS3IS lC0!l83R2 10<l|18«3 20
' 15673 100;18S02 1000 18547 40
j IS!<49 20[lfl04'» 2119111. . . 20
[ IMI6 40:19570 40 19573 ... 40
I 19«4J 20i19552... l"710 20
WVSB 200119749 180119871. . 100
I 19401 Jfi|2'Osl 2V 20138 48
i 20155 4" 201 M 100:20199 20
I 20204 !»"'471 20
i 20188 100120199 20 20471 20
20535 20 206."- 100120740... 200
20502 20!2(1<M5 ZO2OBH 40
20899 20 20996 JO 1 20999 . . 20
21211 401214.13 200;2H45 40
21481 20.'21550 20 ! 21641 40
21833 30 ! 22052 221-.2 100
22278 20:22555 40 22684 40
236 M 40 22747 20,22396 20
23007 40 23048 20;2311fl 40
23197 20123236 40128888 20
23339 40J23362 20 23404 40
I 23605 20 23724 23:-25 . . 20
28911 40)1396* 20124219 26
I 24246 20,24331 20124426 20
1 24534 20124586 40 34644 100
25285 20 25321 40126326 20
25543 20 2*674 40 25793 ... 20
25851 20 258*1 20 26U54 20
2619S 20126202 100 ! 2*Bl* 40
26366 4026556 500J26592 100
1 27166 40:27181 27199 20
27631 2027690 20 27728 40
27860 20127900 40*27923 100
: 27*79. 20 .28088 100128163 20
88814 20.26217 40 28*14 20
28475 20*25477 202 ( <627 20
28701 202&73S 40,25762 20
28848 40 2900S 20|28074 20
29080 20 29113 401292C1 20
29268 100 29304 100,29373 40
29461 20 28.-40 10 ! 29677 4.1
, 29654 200,29136 4023560 20
29928 * |9|4] 40 '
80090 20,30212 20 30233 40
■ 30370 40 » '397 40 30«19 40
30709 4030-24 2030771 200
136811 20:3084? 40 30931 4'l
31079 20 31087 40 31095 1000
31120 40 J1142 20:31271 40
SIM 20 31421 1881416 100
31661 20,31692 317" 20
I 31 S3:. 40|31*53 20(31378 100
1 31*73 20 319J9 40 31987 &l
: 3217S 200,32239 20 323.19 40
32404 10000-3-448 20000:32579 40
32607 20 3270? 40"2721 20
32741 10O|S2Sll 20138814 20
81908 100132994 40 330?! 200
33142 20 3316" 20 3318:. 20
33192 2033301 -f»i 3-I6R 40
33538 20 83556 »0 33:.*- 20
38-23 20J33539 40118853 40
33891 20134151 .14174 20
34221 POO 3428.5 20 34.144 40
34429 40 34468 34511 20
34576 20J4609 20134617 100
34638 21.-4905 20 34953 20
185215 2013. 20 I 1564 ... 20
357*3 20.5.W46 20185873 40
35979 20036065 20|56180 20
3620(1 40 30334 8018C387 40
36379 40 36509 40;3664S 200
36659. 40J38672 20 36-1-1 ....... 20
36812 2" S«S63 WOW 36937 40
36971 20 30997 40'?.C!»98 20
37326 20873$- 2013751S 20
i 37530 20 -SO.* 2 40i3W6 40
I 38222 20 38227 100 38258 200
1*1354 40 -S4R- 40'3S5.if! 20
I SBMB 203S«2>* 20 38722 1000
! 35734.. 20'3K!!C4 lorinss 20
' 359.".9 20139037 1Q0'39090 20
39135 20J39151 392::. 20
392.- 4015931T 20t3f3U 1-.
80847 100189958 20.33972 20
400*4 40402"? 2040373........ 20
41-32 10 40-36 20 41035 2«0
410 C.9 20141148 40 41231 100
41244 20141601 41644 200
41722 10:41748 41750 20
41*54 20i4183S 20 41864 20
. 41538 40 41052 20 42293 20
42421 20 43450 4C 42600 40
42886 20 42.137 40 43094 20
43141 4043447 20 143534 100
43699 40!4SSS!> 100143996 20
44037 20J440M... 20144210 20
44519 20 44592 20 -44622 20
45081 20 4*141 2-4523* 20
45326 20145463 20 46548 100
43095 200:45701 4f1!46-*4 200
45H84 4O|4fiQO4 40 46158 40
46494 20116600 20 46792 100
4081 40 46963 20 47017 40
47107... 20 47133 40 47173 100
47234 20 f 47249 20|47T.60 20
470,75 20:47774. • 100J47537 20
48040 40 4*210 40:4?462 100
45601 20[4572S 4" 4*779 :. 200
48R?3 40 4-904 20|49000.s 100
: 49073 40J49056 46 49103 100
491"i- 20143404 40'49:.5J 40
i 49606 4" 49814 100149615 40
49750 4014»853. 40 49!>04 20
Mill 20 50209 2050214 500
80818 40 500-.* 40 :.053* 40
, 50891 40150393 20,50643 20
j 50770 4d!50530 1U0150571 40
1 51224 20|51233 100 M 264 20
j 01490 40 .',149- 20151591 20
51613 4051708 40 51724 90
51911 20'52G55 20152040 90
."2227 2052342 20 52.-67 40
62461 4052311 40 62:.37 20
E2708 100-52985 40153134 20
EMOB 10053233 2053237 *
53529 20153.^6 100,53811 40
J3>25 20 53Ka« 80158988 100
68998 100154021 40 54; "4 40
54183 20,54257 100,54266 40
•430- 20L54321 JO 54438 20
54-35 40|54541 20 546-* 20
64753 20 54774 . 20|54M9 20
548!»6 20 MSM 40155801 20
66328 20155356........ 20 55391 "> 0
56476 4015567.7 500 55694 40
56763: 20!5*8>;2 40 55892 40
56024 40 56217 20156221 20
6634S 2056:63 40 -«43.* "0
54(454 10O)»6J17 20 56,*39 20
D6CQ9 20156762 20 56*07 20
57077 40'573C3 20157631 20
C 7641 • 21>!3766S :.7544 ■ 40
f.7865 20|55C50. ....... 40i55110 100
55163 40 58164 200155230 40
688 ft 201C8488 20158528  20
5*565. ....... 2015^766 4055796 20
58357........ 2O!5»0O0 ........ 40 5910.-, 2')
6*143 - 4053350 1000159432 40
69453 2038474 20 59675 20
59826:...:... 20 ' I
60048 20'6n??-; -20'6tKCS; 20
C03'.2 100.60411 4*-fiO.*.»2 40
60622 .10060621 40 : 6065S 20
60667 10060676.. 2*l-0702 40
60743........ 20 60807 40 AOS4-' 100
fiO»43 20161103 2061123 20
"1160 ...... 2061164 20 61202 100
61377 40 r,14&-. 20 61620 40
61701 10061773 20 61893 20
61554 40:61990 201*2003 20
62029 2062084 10 6136: 100
6236* ■ 20 6247S 100 62572.. ' 40
62987 20:63115 20 63143.. 100
63178 40 68367 20,633«5 100
63464 2063564 20163622- 500
63646 , • 40163874. 20:63729 40
64165. 20 64204 10064208... 20
64247 40 64276 40 64284 20
64473 20 64525 100 64836 20
LOTTEBY DRAWING
No. Prize. jN T o. Prize. Prize.
64931......;. 100649.18 20|65179 20
65185 20 63276........ 40165292.. ...... 20
65321..'. -200 636??...:.... 20 66047 40
66078 20;66143 20 ! 6613» 20
6G457 66797 20166828 20
66836 . 20 66542 20 1 66843 100
66530 40 66332 IOO!"6<>."1 20
67065... ' 4067074 20|67!87 20
87285 ... 20<734" ....... 40 67355 .20
67506 40167638 4016765S 20
67723.....:.. 20 67821 20 67888 500
67567 40 67906 100J67946 40
67997 20 65109 20168124 40
65147 20165168 40J65351 ' 20
68404 r?40165405....i... 20(68592 40
68718 40168761 ■ 4065517 -20
65563........ .100:6X943 20J69045 20.
69055 40163073 40169142 20
69191 100.69323 100i65r>l. 20
69441 . 100 69498 20169539 40
70021. 20170030 80176165 20
70278 200J70297. 20170321 40
I 70395 20 70486 20170474  20
I 70475:....... 200:70682 40'706«C 20
70721 40171094 20171223 20
71272 20171290 4917132] .' 40
71403 2071588 100171924 20
171965 40172189....%.. 100172226 20
72402 100!72.'.19 100172632 20
72664 10072806 40173031 40
73038 ; 100:73089 40:73122 20
73231 80178270 40173278 20
73300... 40 73457 40:73547 20
! 73747: 4" 78806 20173885.-.: ■■•. 20
73961 40J74267 40174293.. 40
74396 100174388 20 74456.". -;•.... 40
74495 20i74458 40174691.. 20
75107 20;7M50 40 75271 ....... 20
75280 20 175281 75297 20
73310 20 75524 40175610 100
75632 20175674 20 75714...' 40
73919 20.75339 20 76037 : 20
76076 20.76106 10076126 20
76157 20 76195.'..:.... ! 76347 20
76360 20176345 49176880 : 20
76765 20176977 20177011 .20
77025. 100177157 207724.7 20
77331 • 100177417 20 77425 .20
77522 40177705 77724 20
77779 . 20177794 4077543 ;.. 40
77955: 20 77993........ 20178034.. ." 40
78277..-...,:. 2078278 100|75604 20
78850 40 7893* 10 79065 80
79134 "00179165 100|79447 ' *0
79378 20799-10 40179958.. 20
' ; APPRQXIMATION PRI7JES.
100 numbers from 38,819 to 36,919 inclusive, be-
' ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of 860,000, $60. ', .
100 numbers from 32,336 to 32.496 Inclusive, be-
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $20,000. $40. ■
100 numbers from 32,334 to 32.454 inclusive, be-
Inlg 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000, $20.
TERMINAL PRI7JKS.
799 numbers ending with' 69, being the last
tw6 figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $60,000, $20.
' 799 numbers ending -with 46. being the last
two figures of th. number drawing the capital
j prize of $20,000, $20.
No. 36.869 draws first capital prize of $80,000,
: Fold in -Tuxtepec, ('ax. : Durango, Pro.
No. 32,446 draws' second' capital prize of $20,-
-000 sold in Havana. Cuba: New Orleans. La.
No. 32,404" draws third capital prize of $10,000.
; sold in San Jose; Costa Rica; New Orleans,
La •
Nos. 18.802, 31.033, 38.722, 46,792 and 59.550 draw
$1000 each., sold in San Francisco. Cat.; Chi-
: cago, 111.; San Francisco, Cal.; Mexico City;
Tenaaca, Pue.; Philadelphia, Pa.
ANTONIO PEREZ 1 , for the Treasury
■. Department. /'„<■ -
T. BA9SETTI, Manager.
APOI.INAP. CASTILLO. Intervenor.
THE KENTUCKY LOTTERY.
MONTREAL. Sept. 30.— The regular monthly
drawing Cor September of the Canadian Royal
! Art Inion. by which the winning numbers of
] the Kentucky Lottery are decided, was held
I h?re to-day. The first «ix winning numbers
: are: 49094. $15,000; 14551, -4000; 87124, $2000; 67256.
: $1000; I9IV 3, *'•"'■ MO2B, $:.OQ.
OCEAN TRAVEL. . .
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' ' ft^ Steamers leave Broadway
J'^w^^^ wharf. San Francisco.
l&S««I&*. For Alaskan ports, 10 a.m.,
a£s*£3e i tsk Oct. 3, S, 13. IS, 'IX 2*; Nov.
'' LtC W^^S^ 2. r-hanKf at Seattle.
1 fym ~Sm For Victoria. Vancouver
SiffraJllT ''' ( '- '■■ 1> " rt Townsend, Se-
r^^v&plgk&i. attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
"^ (Wash.). 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8.
13, IS, 3". 28;- Nov. 2, and
. every fifth day thereafter; change at Scatty
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.: at an-
couv»r to C. P. Ry. . . _; ' „ ..
For Eureka fHumboldt Bay). - p. m., Oct
8, 11, 16, 21, Mi 31; Nov. .3 and every fifth.
day thereafter. _
Fr.r Bants Cruz, Monterey. Ban Simeon.
Cayucos Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota. Santa Uarhara. WMura. Hueneirt*.
San Pedro Enst San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. Sa. m O. t. X 7. 11. 15, 19. 23. -'■ 31;
Nov. 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San JMego. Mopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara Port
Los Angelas and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
• m.'. Ort/i*. 9, 13. 17. 21, -■'■ 29; Nov. 2, and every
fourth, day thereafter. _ . L.
For Ensenada. Magrdalena Bay, Pun Jose M
Caba Mnzatlan. Altata, La Pas, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Me« I, 10 ■ m.. Kb of each
month. , ,  ; ■
For further information obtain a folder.
The company reserve*! the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
■ wil hours of snilintr.
\I('KKT OFKIOK- 4 New Montgomery
1 street (Palace Hotel). -■■'' ■ •'• ■ ■
GOODALL, PERKINS « CO.. Gen. Agt«..
10 Market >• . <:■• Francisco.
— — -
THE 6. R. & R- CO.
DISPATCH FASTSTE^MKRa TO
PORTLAND
From Spenr-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *12 First Class Including nert»
IAtIL $8 Second Cl«« ■ and Meals.
'STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails... -
...SeiM. '. 1". 23; Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA BAIM ..Sept. 10. 20. 30; Oct. 18, JO. 30
Short Line W Walls Walla. Spokane. Butt*.
Helena and ah points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General A cent.
630 Market at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. '■-.'
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
-n"*7 TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARI\
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. ' • ■■ -
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 4|New York Oct. 25
i St. Louis Oct. 11 Ft. Louis Nov. I
' St. Paul Oct. ISISt. Paul '.....:. .Nor. 8
RED STAR LINE. ,
New York and) Antwerp.
From New York Even" Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Oct. 4lKenslr.gton Oct. 25
Pouthwurk Oct. !1 Nordlani Nov. 1
Westernland ....Oct. 18,Frtesland. Nov. 8
EMPIRE LINE.
Sea"'".-. St. Michael. Da-.vson City.
For full Information regarding freight anil
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery ft., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Urannan streets, 1 p. m ,
for YOKOHAMA nnd HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe. (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
1 India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . - ' 'S-
AMERICA-MART* Saturday. Oct. 14
HONGKONG-MARU.. Wednesday. November 1
NIPPON-MARU Saturday. November 23
■Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
4"1 Market street, corner First.
i . W. H. AVERT. General Agent. ,
j
®& JDHFJ! v a Honolulu Sydney
*W<F2****t Aucklmnd fur Sydney
a '' * ill; Wednesday, October
JV/^PN 4. at 10 p. m.
SWamchinJ Th<! S. S. Australia
GJIWihUIIIJ/ 1^ jnile for Honolulu
f^l r 1P317l L - Wednesday, October
VMIWUJttT jg_ at 2 p. m. •
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia. India. Sues.
England, etc.: $610 first class. •• .•/•'•.
I. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific SL Freight Office. 327 Market SL
i
COMPAONIE OENERALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. n». <jMEL2>
from -Pier 42. North River, foot of •=* r^^ ! **
Morton Ft. LA TOURAINE. Sept. ■ 30: I>A
: NORMAN PIE. Oct. 7; LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct.
14- LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21: LA BRETAGNE,
Oct 28. First-class to- Havre, $60 and up-
' ward: 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
I ond-dans to Havre. $45: 10 per cent reduction
I r.n round trip GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broad-
i way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. ' Mont-
! gomerr aye.. San Franrlsco. . . . . -
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
~FORU. S. navy-yard and VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello." •
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 3:45
. a. m., 3:16, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 3
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 500
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
910
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRAIN LEAVES
A BLOODY TRAIL AT SUNNYSDE
THE mopt frightful of all the recent
accidents on the Southern Pacific
occurred last evening at Sunnyside
crossing, when the San Jose local
; crashed into a cart containing the family
.of Lorenzo Chardella. The father and
one little daughter were killed outright,
3VJri~. Chardella was thrown a distance
■with her infant son in her arms, both he
ing seriously injured, the horse was killed
prid the cart wa.s smashed to splinters.
The tragedy could not have occurred
had the street gates that the railroad
\ company is compelled to provide for that
purpose been in working order. That they
were not, and have not been for weeks.
la a fact. Had they been down, as they
'." should have been, several minutes before
7 be train reached the crossing Chardella
could not have passed onto the track,
fTrnE'lf and daughter would not have been
■Wiled and his wife and boy had ..netr lives
■ endangered.
K>t -witnesses of the terrible accident
Fay' Chardella was driving along the rail
iroad track when the San Jose train, which
left the Garden City at 5:30 o'clock, came
thundering along. The engineer, s.-oing
the cart a short distance ahea.d of the
train, quickly applied the brakes. He was
too late, however, to prevent the tragedy.
The helpless occupants were violently
thrown from their seats and the cart was
completely wrecked.
Chardella and his little girl were found
in a ditch alongside the track. Mrs. Char
della and her infant child were picked up
a short distance from the spot where the
husband and daughter lay dying. Assist
ance was rendered at once, but before the
victims of the awful accident could be
removed to the City and County Hospital
Chardella and his little daughter breathed
their last.
Mrs. Chardella and her little boy were
placed in the patrol wagon, which had
been sent from the Seventeeenth Btreet
station, and hurriedly conveyed to the
hospital.
The Indies of Chardella and his daugh
ter, which were taken to the Morgue,
were mangled almost beyond recogni
tion. The girl's skull was fractured
Jn several places and her right leg was
broken. Thyre were also many abrasions
on her body. Chardella's neck waa
broken, his skull was fractured ajid his
right arm and left leg were badly shat
tered.
Mrs. Chardella was also severely in
jured, her body being cut and bruised In
various places. Fortunately her baby In
BJms escaped with a few body brulse-s.
The engineer of the train. J. R. Hurd,
YOUNG AERONAUT
FALLS HEADLONG
TO HIS DEATH
■Frightful Accident at
Glen Park.
'ALBERT M'PHERSON DYING
BIS PARACHUTE BAR CATCHES
IN OVERHANGING WIRES.
Jt Was the Boy's Second Attempt at
Ballooning, and It Is Not
Likely That He Will
Recover.
An accident happened yesterday after
jioon that will probably result in the
death of Albert McPherson, a young aero
naut, who was making a balloon ascen-
Bion from Glen Park with the intention of
doing a parachute leap to earth.
It was McPherson's second balloon as
cension, he having last Sunday made a
successful parachute jump from a balloon
rel< ased from Glen Park. Success at the
!irst 'attempt gave him confidence, and
yesterday h<- declared himself in the busl
for keeps." A large crowd witnessed
his second and fatal trip, little thinking
that the career of the daring aeronaut
would be bo suddenly terminated.
As soon as the balloon was cut loose it
■was apparent to the crowd of spectators
that the tsas bag had not been sufficiently
iniiated to carry it to the necessary height
for a safe parachute descent. On its re
lease, the balloon having attained a height
oi about three hundred feet, young Mc-
Pherson started his aerial performance on
iln trapeze. The balloon almost im
itely commenced to descend. In
ng the big grove of gum trees near
the park entrance McPherson's feet
pe< mcd to touch their tops, and he was
to pull himself up to a sitting posi
tion on the liar.
Scarcely had the aeronaut passed the
tr«'<?s In safety when the balloon, still de
scending, carried him to the bridge, some
two hundred feet distant, where the bar
became entangled in the network of wires
overhead.
McPherson, apparently realizing his
danger, was seen to catch hold of one of
visited the Central police station shortly
after the accident and surrendered him
self to Captain Wittman. He was at once ,
taken to the City Prison and a charge
of manslaughter was recorded against
him. Shortly before midnight he was re-,
leased on his own recognizance by order j
of Judge Mogan.
"We pulled out of San Jose at r>:3"
o'clock." said Hurd. "The train was made
up of six cars anel was in charge of (',in
ductor E. B. Stanwood. "We were due in
this city at 7:30 p. m., and at the time of
the accident the train was speeding along I
at the rate of twenty miles an hour, j
When we reached Sunnyside T don't think j
we were going more than fifteen miles an
hour, as it was the rule to slow down
when nearing the crossing. Just before
reaching Sunnyside I save a long whis
tle, In accordance with the instructions
of my employers. I also rang the bell
and kept a sharp lookout ahead. William
McGowan, my fireman, also looked out to '■
see if there was any obstruction on the
track.
"We both saw the cart at the same mo
ment. The rays of an electric light close
to the trark made It possible for us to
see the vehicle. We were then about sev
enty-five feet from Chardella and his fnm
lly. The driver, who afterward proved
the span wire? which keep the trolley line
in position and release himself from the
; bar. The momentum he had attained,
however, was too much for him, and
though still holding the wire until It was
; wrenched from its fastenings, he was shot
I through the air a distance of some twenty
; feet to the outside stringer of the bridge,
where he struck the heavy timber head
i first. : ■.;•'■■:
Crowds soon surrounded the prostrate
I form, and a passing vehicle was pressed
j into service, the unconscious aeronaut be
j ing taken at full speed to St. Luke's Hos
pital.
While on the way to the hospital, and
at the summit of the hill at Chenery and
McGill streets, the brake of the wagon be
came caught and the horses ran down the
steep incline at a furious rate to Thir
tieth- street, where in turning a sharp
curve the wagon narrowly escaped being
capsized. -
At St. Luke's Hospital Dr. Edward C.
Van Dyke, the resident physician, found
that the entire front portion of McPher
i son's head had been fractured. The
: frontal bones were caved In and the brain
1 was undoubtedly contused. The aero
naut was In an unconscious- condition at
a late hour last night, bleeding from the
ears and giving no signs of improvement.
Daniel W. McPherson, the aged father
of the aeronaut, visited the hospital dur
ing- the evening and was very much af
fected at the condition, of his only son.
He said that the young man had been an
athlete for a number of years and was
connected with the Reliance and Acme
clubs of Oakland. His penchant for
ballooning was contrary to the wishes of
his father and mother, but he was am
bitious to make money and was told by
some friends that there was no danger.
McPherson is but 19 years of age. There
is not the slightest hope for his recovery.
■ ... . . ■:■--•,-
HOPKINS INSTITUTE.
j Its Doors Were Open Yesterday, and
Will Be Hereafter on the First
Sunday in Every Month.
Through the action ta.ken by Mrs. Lov- I
ell White and the ladies of the California
<'lnb the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
will be open hereafter to the public on the
first Sunday of every month. Yesterday j
was the first Sunday under the new order
of things-. That the privilege was appre
ciated was shown by the throngs that !
crowded the building throughout the day. ]
Thrown Out of His Cart.
Mathias Moore, residing at 420 Fifth
street, while driving along Thirtieth
street, near Mission, yesterday after
noon, was thrown out of his cart and
somewhat injured. He wns picked up by
one of Captain Gniin's men and taken
to the City and County Hospital Dr.
Onesti discovered that Moore's scalp was
silt In throe places.
Machinist Cut Up.
John Magoonis. a machinist living at
23 Wood street, was discovered yesterday
morning by Patrolman Rfcnter in an alley
on Turk street, between Steiner and Fill-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 2, 1899.
to be the head of the unfortunate family,
first started across the track, but instant
ly changed his mind and continued in the
earn. ■ direction we were going.
"Realizing that an accident was inevi
table, I did all in my power to stop the
train. The engine struck the roar end of
the cart. The next moment it came to a
standstill, and we started to lend what
ever assistance \\ could to the victims.
McGowan went hack to the rear of the
train and picked up Mrs. Chardella, who
seemed to have been fatally injured.
Chardella and his little daughter were
lying in a ditch alongside of the track.
They were still breathing, but died a
short time afterward.
"It sems to me that Chardella was to
blame for the accident. He had ample
time to get "ff the track, but for some
reason he made no effort to do so. I
suppose he temporarily lost his head, so
overcome was he by the approaching
train. I have been with the railroad
company for some time and this is the
lirst serious accident that I have had.
Two years ago I was in charge e>f a local
train which, by reason of a faulty switch.
collided with a race-track train. Fortu
nately no lives were lost, due to my cool
ness and prompt action. I keenly feel for
Chardella and his family, but I do not
think that I was to blame in any way."
E. D. Stan wood, the conductor in charge
of the train, was also seen on his arrival i
In this city. He declined to discuss the '
accident, or to give any information about 1
it.
E. M. Stevens, the flagman at the cross
ing, says that he saw the cart approach
ing and yelled to the driver to steip. The !
horse attached to the> vehicle was trotting i
along until just before reaching the track, I
when it slackened its speed into a walk. '
"I concluded that the driver had pulled
up the horse when it slowed down," said
Stevens, "but when I saw the animal
suddenly make a spurt across the track
I yelled to Chardella to look out for the
■more streets, with a number of outs on
■ his face. He was very drunk and could
i not Kivr- any explanation of how he re
ceived the wounds. Magoonls was sent to
' the Receiving Hospital, where Dr. Dray
PROMINENT WORKER IN
TEMPERANCE RANKS
THE twentieth an
nual convention of
the Women's
Christian Temper
ance Tnion of the State
of California opens to
day at Sacramento. The
three sessions daily
which will be held will
scarcely suffice to get
through with the im
portant work of the con
vention by next Friday,
the time set for ad
journment.
In addition to the rou
tine work there will be
many interesting lec
tures and papers at the
evening sessions. Espe
cial attention has been
devoted this year to the
musical programme.
Among those who will
deliver addresses are
Mrs. Sturtevant-Peet,
the State president;
Mrs. E. N. Law, Miss
Sarah M. Severance, and
others.
Mrs. R. A. Emmons,
the present correspond
ing secretary of the
Union, was an able as
sistant to the national
workers in Chicago for
many years. She was
for a long time at the
head of the lecture bu
reau, one of the most
Important departments
in the society. Mrs. Em
mons will be one of the
prominent figures in the
Sacramento convention.
Among other questions, the problem of expansion will be discussed by
the ladies. On Friday evening a grand demonstration and department pa
rade will be held at Pythian Hall, at which banners will be presented to
the different departments. Delegates from every part of the State are jour
neying toward Sacramento and the indications are that the present conven
tion will be the most successful ever held in the history of the organiza
tion in the State.
Father and Little
Girl Killed Out
right.
His Wife and Infant
Son Sent Flying Into
the RoacL
Railway Gates Out of Or-
der Responsible for the
Awful Tragedy.
train. Despite my warning, he turned the
horse's head and started to drive down
the track. Just then the engine came
along and struck the rear end of the cart.
The unfortunate family was hurled in
the air and how Mrs. Chardella and her
baby escaped being killed seems miracu
lous, to say the least."
Formerly, thf railroad company had
gatfs at the crossing as a precautionary
measure, but for some reason they have
not been in working order for some time.
It is claimed that the roadbed at Sunny
side was turn up about six weeks ago,
making it impossible to properly utilize
the gates. This is given as the main rea
son why the gates were not closed at the
time of the accident.
The doctors at the hospital did not deem
it advisable to tell Mrs. Chardella about
the >k-ath of her husband and child. She
is still suffering from the shock, and it is
feared that if she is apprised of the fatal
results of the accident it might result
seriously for her. When asked for her
version of the accident she said that her
husband heard the approach of the train
and vainly endeavored to cross the track.
"We were on our way home," Mrs.
Chardella said, when telling the story of
the accident. "When within a few feet
of the railroad track I noticed the train
approaching and shouted to my husband
to get out of its way. He whipped up the
horse and started to cross the track. When
the train was within a short distance my
husband suddenly turned the horse and
started to drive down the track. The next
instant the train struck us and I found
myself lying in a ditch alongside the
tr:irk, with my baby In my arms.
"I hope my husband and, my little girl
are not seriously Injured,"' she tearfully
remarked. "I wish they would let me see
them."
Late last night both mother and child
were resting easily, and the doctor ex
presses the opinion that they would be
able to be around In a few days.
stitched and dressed two wounds behind
the left ear and a wound on the left side
of the mouth. Magoonis was then taken
to the City Prison and booked on the
charge of drunkenness.
MRS. R. A. EMMONS.
HE DEPRECATES
KISSING GAMES
AND FORFEITS
Rev. Dr. Shepard on
Church Socials.
♦
PLEADS FOR RESTRICTIONS
•- —
HE SAYS THEY ARE TOO MUCH
UP TO DATE.
♦
More of the Religious Spirit and Less
of the Lottery Plan Would
Meet With His
Ideas.
The modern church social was the sub
ject of a sermon last evening by Rev. H.
T. Shepard of the Olivet Congregational
Church, Noe and Seventeenth streets.
While not entirely opposed to the socials,
which are such a source of revenue to the
church, and the existence of which sur
rounds the pastor's salary with a degree
of certainty. Rev. Mr. Shepard admitted
that they had descended to frivolous af
fairs bordering on the sacrilegious.
Dr. Shepard discussed the church social
as a source of profit, recreation and
worship. He urged that some of the up
to-date ideas be eliminated from the af
fairs. The icecream and cake functions
and the entertainments with solemn mu
sic and pathetic recitations meet with his
unqualified approval as a means of in
creasing the church funds; but he posi
tively draws the line at the socials given
in the name of the church where kissing
games are the chief attractions and lot
tery schemes are the fad.
According to Dr. Shepard's ideas as
expressed from the pulpit last evening he
would not for the world do anything to
discourage the giving of church socials,
but he believed that from the manner in
which they are abused at the present day
they should be restricted and modified
and the mercenary spirit, which, he said,
is sometimes the controlling one, should
be corrected.
"When their errors are pointed out to
them the Christian people can be trusted
to remedy the evil," said Dr. Shep.ird,
"but they need to watch themselves.
Many church festivals have descended to
a plane of frivolity that is shameful, and
it is sacrilege to permit them to take
place in a house of worship. I deprecate
the extortion frequently practiced by the
ladies of the church while arranging festi
vals or socials. Merchants and business
men are often compelled to contribute
money or their wares under an implied
threat that if they do not their trade
will be injured. I believe that the busi
ness man should contribute to the church,
bill it certainly lowers the dignity of the
institution to literally force him to do so.
The church is an institution of protection
to him, but it becomes one of menace if
we allow the social to become an agency
for extortion.
"As conducted in the days of Christ and
the old Jewish church the social becomes
a part of and an advantage to our joyous
religious life. Aside from being a source
of pleasure it should have an elevating
and not a demoralizing tendency. Singing
and recitations, innocent games and re
freshments are the legitimate features of
the church festival, but we must stop
there. Games of forfeits where a kiss
from a young lady is the penalty or the
prize are out of place in a house of wor
ship." ______________
OARSMEN ON THE ESTUARY.
Alameda Boating Club Holds a Suc
cessful Rowing Regatta and
Ladies' Day.
Boating: men enjoyed a g?.la day on
j Oakland Creek yesterday. There was a
'. fresh breeze, and many sloops and canoes
j spread their -white wings on the estuary.
The Alameda Club's boathouse was
crowded with oarsmen and their friends,
among the latter being many ladies.
There were several rowing events, the
principal one being the annual race for
the junior championship of the club in
outrigger skiffs. For this there were
eight entries, drawn in four heats. The
distance was a mile and a half with a
turn, and it was arranged that the It >
i scullers making the fastest time should
! pull in the linal heat. The first heat was
i between E. M. Hunter and E. S. Halman.
Hunter led to the stake and maintained
I his advantage to the finish, his time be
ing 12 minutes and 4t! 2-5 seconds. HaJ
man's time was 12 minutes and 57 2-5 sec
onds. In the second heat between E. T.
Thorning and C. J. Hague, the latter se
j cured the best of the start. A neck and
neck race ensued to the turn, where
Thorning assumed the lead and kept it
j to the finishing line. The winner's lime
\ was 13 minutes and 2 seconds, and the
! loser's 14 minutes. In the third heat be-
I tween Nanowa Brown and H. S. Green
well the former led over the whole course
and won easily in 13 minutes and 49 sec
| onds. In the fourth heat B. G. Guild and
i Edward Edwards started together, and
neither had any decided advantage for
the first one and a Quarter miles, when
Guild forged ahead and won in 13 minutes
and 27 seconds. The final heat between
E. M. Hunter and E. S. Halman was a
close one. Hunter won by two lengths
in 13 minutes nnd 1-5 second.
In the pie-eating contest the eompeti
i tors had to pull out for about 100 yards
I from the float and return, having eaten
I two pies. The efforts of the contestants,
James GreenweU and George Lewis, to
dispose of the pies were amusing. Lewis
won, as GreenweU rowed home without
consuming the whole of his allotted pies.
A dash of one-eighth of a mile in out
rigger skiffs between S. J. Pembroke and
B. G. Guild was won by the former by
half a length. The senior barge crew
gave an exhibition row over the course.
Refreshments were served in the boat-
J house during the progress of the races,
and later many of the guests were taken
out for a trip on the estuary in launches
and sailing boats.
NEARING ITS CLOSE.
The Mechanics' Fair Enters on Its
Last Week — Interesting Baby
Show This Afternoon.
The Mechanics' Fair is drawing rapidly
to a close. Saturday next will mark the
conclusion of one of the best fairs held
in the history of the Mechanics' Institute.
This afternoon the international baby
show will be given, there being about two
hundred entries, including Indian, Fili
pino, Chinese and Japanese infants. In
the evening the Porno Indians will give
a green corn war dance.
Same old Btory. Good time Sunday, sick
Monday. Headaches, nervousness, dyspepsia.
Remedy, Baldwin's Celery Soda. 10c.
Thief Resists Arrest.
Detective Graham of the Mission divi
sion had a rough battle with Thomas Con
nolly, a thief whom he sought to arrest
on Twenty-fourth street yesterday after
noon. A bench warrant was issued for
Connolly's arrest in one of the Police
Courts last week. The detective sighted
him yesterday, and when he approached
it was noticed that Connolly carried a
large knife in his hand, which he at
tempted to use when he was made a cap
tive. After a battle the officer secured
possession of the weapon and took his
man to the Seventeenth street policy sta
tion.
GIVEN UP FOR LOST.
No Trace of the Steamer Pembridge
Which Sailed for Hamburg.
LONDON, Oct. I.— The owners have
abandoned hope of the safety of the Brit
ish steamer Pembridge, Captain Mortle
man, She sailed from Savannah August
13 for Hamburg, and as previously re
ported has not been heard of since leav
ing the United States.
Distinguished Passengers.
NEW YORK, Oct. I.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived this morning on the
steamer ; New York, from Southampton
and Cherbourg, were Sir Andrew Clark
Miss Olga Nethersole, Hon. William P.
Reeves of New Zealand, Sir Horace To^er
and Rear Admiral John G. "Walker,
ADVERTISEMENTS, _^_^-^-^^.^
NEW
DRESS FABRICS.
The attention of our customers is
directed to the following NEW LINES
of IMPORTED DRESS GOODS just
opened.
NEW FRENCH POPLINS, 48. inches wide, in Navys, Greens,
Browns, Tans, Grays, New Blue and Purples.. sl.7s Yd
NEW SATIN VENETIANS, 45 inches in width, all the latest
Fall colorings $1.25 Yd
NEW FRENCH GRANITE SUITINGS, 45 inches wide, 19 dif-
ferent combinations ..$1.25 Yd
NEW ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT, 50 inches wide, sponged and
shrunk, in Browns. Garnet, Navys, Myrtle and black.
$1.25 Yd
NEW FANCY WEAVES In self=colored dots and basket
effects, all colors $ 1.00 Yd
NEW PLAIDS, In Boucle, Cheviot and Camels-hair effects,
elegant assortment, prices
' $1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 up to $4.00 Yd
SPECIAL SALE.
Novelty and Plain Dress Patterns and short lengths of Fine
Wool Materials at greatly reduced prices.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
"GLAD HAND MAC" RETURNS
The Genial Southern Pacific Official
Disclaims Any Desire for
Political Honors.
Suffering from a bad cold and a sense
of personal injury. Passenger Traffic
Manager E. O. McCormick of the South
ern Pacific Company, also known as
"Glad Hand Mac." arrived at the Palace
Hotel last night from his recent trip to
Salt Lake. Notwithstanding the physical
and mental disadvantages under which
Mr. McCormick labored, he was the same
cheery, jovial passer of the old "jolly"
which has made him so popular since his
advent on the coast, and, though he had
but a minute to spare before retiring to
his room, he managed to get two funny
stories and an emphatic denial of any
political ambition into that short space of
time.
"No," said Mr. McCormick, "I am not
out here to do politics and never had the
slightest idea of entering the political
field in any way. My business is to take
care of the traffic of the Southern Pacific
Company, and I have no time for any
thing else. Any report to the contrary
is all rot and founded on whole cloth.
I'll be pleased to see you gentlemen
around at my office as often as you care
to come, and if you ever hear any such
stories in the future all you have to do
is to come to me and the information I
will give you will be dead straight. I
absolutely 'repudiate the story, repudiate
it with both hands, the glad band and
the other one as well.
"We have made a change in our running
time which calls for two extra over
land trains each day in addition to those
now in operation. One of the new trains
will leave here at about S o'clock in the
morning and the other will arrive at
about 5:15 in the afternoon. In addition
the 7 o'clock morning train, which now
runs only as far as Redding, will be ex
tended to cover the gap between that
point and Roseberg. and will thereby be
come a through train to Portland. The
Portland train, which now stops at
Roseberg, will be extended in the same
manner to run through to this city."
1 m m
See "Keith's" millinery window, Phclan
building, for novelties in new colors. :
ADVERTISEMENT S.
ONE WEEK Eg; S"
FREE "-^L §
Treatment and Medicine 5 §
ton SW^
Catarrh, Deafness, ls^
NOISES IN THE EARS =£ =i Jjf
AND THROAT DISEASES <<S5»""">O|
given to show the superior :^S}; S *WL
merit of my new invention tsSy i&^k •''
and ANTISEPTIC treat- W^ 'ti§^
m?nt; that gives' many mar- :§& -SSsS
ve;ous cures and so easy a lf\^ ffygjEM -
Child can use it. In 1200 §•]
test cases all CATARRHAL §\ liSfeHff^
patients relieved and SO per B^"'
cent reafness cured. Best of ISs^^lll!^
references and hundreds of
endorsements But the best is to try it and be
convinced while you can. FREE FOR ONE
T\ EEK.
Call at once or write
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— A. M. 1-3 and 7-8 P. M.
Cutlery.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
Wlicn You See Price 9.
Great American Importina; Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
> 100 Stores. .
GOLDBERG
BOW EN
& CO
New goods arrived
Sweet cider pure apple juice — gallon 50c
German d-J£ pickles
California"hite figs
Norway meat balls in bouillon
Puree Richelieu (chopped truffles and
mushrooms)
Terrapin Golden West
i Paper shell almonds.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Pine apple— Singapore 20C
Whole and sliced dozen $2 10
Chlltney— Bombay pints 35c
reg'ly 40c and 6Oc quarts 50c
Prepared from the choicest mangoes
grown in India — as a relish its
picquant qualities are unsurpassed
Cherries in maraschino 60c
Guy de Laroche — direct importation
reg'ly 70c— large bottle
Whisky — Scotch and Irish DCL
Highland Club— reg'y $r bot ) Q e_,
Killy Croy— '' $i " ] 85C
Caledonian— reg'y «i 35 bot $110
Salmon— Commodore 10c
Selected fish — fine flavor
reg'ly 12; c can
i Cranberries— new crop • 10c
This reminds us of Thanksgiving
and roast turkey reg'ly 15c quart
| Vichy celestines $2 75
France can justly be proud of this
famous water— reg'ly $2 90 doz here
Brook trOUt— oval tins 20c
Serve hot for breakfast or cold for
luncheon — reg'ly 25c
' Toilet SOap— bath 50c
Made by Colgate & Co
reg ly 60c dozen
Mustard with horse radish 12jc
This combination produces an
appetizing and wholesome relish
reg'ly 15c bottle
Soap — Satin Scouring 45c
We recommend this for house
cleaning
Face powder— French 40c
Violette de Panne
reg"y 50c box 3 colors
Hamamelis— Extract of witch hazel
i pint 15c pints 25c quarts 40c
Sarsaparilla— soda $110
Made by Vartray Water Co
reg'ly $1 25 dozen
October catalogue free— send postal
4J2 Pine 215 Sutler 2800 California San Franclsc
ic7sClay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland^
HEADQUARTERS -o-o*o-o.*o*o
♦
' -.: '■■ ' o
o For tourists, travelers, societies ♦
♦ and associations that visit San o
0 Francisco. «
£ fALACE AND ♦
♦■ GRAND HOTELS. ♦
1 o
.1 The accommodations, cuisine, service ♦
. and location make these hotels desirable a
t for transient and permanent guests 7
V Rates on application. ♦
I .- JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. O.
a Manager. ♦
T o