VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 141.
MANY VESSELS WERE
LURED TO DESTRUCTION
Whifehead, Nova Scotia, the Scene of
Daring Acts of Piracy and Bucca
neering by the Munro Family,
WHITEHEAD, N. S., Oct. 18.— There has been brought to
light here one of the most appalling stories of modern buc
caneering and piracy, the luring of vessels to destruction by
exhibition of false lights, the burning of buildings, the scut
tling of vessels and similar crimes. A veritable reign of terror
has existed for years, but the people have never dared to make
the matter public until now. The Munro family has increased
and multiplied and the gravest charges are made against its
members. The agent of the Portland Packing Company who
boarded with the Munros was robbed of $1400. One of them
was arrested, but owing to the fear of the witnesses to testify
was acquitted. He sued for false arrest and recovered dam
ages.
Captain Abner Munro, owner of the schooner Juventa, put
up a scheme to defraud the insurance companies and scuttled
the craft, collecting SSOOO. He was sentenced to six years'
imprisonment, and now has just been discovered the awful story
of this great series of crimes, too long to be narrated here. Mrs.
Melinda Munro. angered by her brother, Enos, Collector of the
Port, who seized her son's schooner for smuggling, informed the
Government of the scheme of the Munros to burn the Whitehead
lighthouse and murder the keeper so as to erect a false light on
another shore and lure ships to their ruin. This scheme was
partly executed. Mrs. Munro then revealed a iong list of burn
ings and scuttlings and lurings ashore by false lights. Among
these was the schooner Mary J. Wells, which they looted and
burned.
Cables of vessels at anchor were cut, and the vessels
drifted upon the rocks and were looted. Once in a great while
the rumor would get out that a fishing vessel had been lured
ashore by a false light and destroyed. It was alleged that the
schooner Spencer of the Naird line of Gloucester, which was lost
with ail hands off the Nova Scotia coast, near this place, was
the victim of wreckers and false lights. In fact, Whitehead has
been the most dreaded part of the Nova Scotia coast except
it be Sable Island. Near Whitehead scores of Gloucester fisher
men have met their doom during the past few years, but how
many of these losses have been due to the luring of these ves
sels ashore by false lights will never be known.
MATTERS TO BE COVERED
IN PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE
Forecast of the Principal Features Show
New Possessions Will Receive Much
Attention.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING- I
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— •
With the return of President McKlnley j
and his Cabinet -morrow will com
mence the preparations of what promises !
fto be an unusually important message to j
Congress. President McKinley has al- ;
■ways given himself plenty of time in the I
preparation of his state papers and be- ;
fnro he started on his tour, now at its j
end; he had blocked out in a general way j
what he Intends to say to ''■ ingress, and j
In accordance with his instructions sub
ordihate officials of the various depart- j
merits have been compiling data upon the I
subjects which will receive the President's J
attention. Those instructions, coupled ;
with the President's own observations in i
the numerous speeches made by him dur- j
lrg his Western trip, make it possible to
give a reasonably correct forecast of the j
principal feature of the forthcoming mes- j
snge. Stripped of his congratulatory ref
erences to the prosperity of the country !
and of th<- extensive review he will make
of the progress of events during the past i
year, the message will treat of the more ,
important subjects in about this way:
Philippines— Sovereignty to be estab- ;
Ushed by all the force that may be need- |
ed and to be maintained permanently; |
civil government to follow the military at j
th*> earliest possible moment and wide lat- j
itmle to be allowed to the natives In local \
self {government^ The recommendations j
for the specific form of civil government j
to be established in the land to be issued j
on the conclusions of Philippines commis
sion, which will moot in Washington next
month to prepare its report. In recom
mending definite action by the coming ;
Congress as to the future government of
the Philippines attention will be called to ]
reports from competent authorities show
ing the gr< ; at commercial Importance of j
Cuba-Military occupation to be con- i
tinued on the same substantial .progress
that has been made through the medium -
of suffrage toward the establishment of |
an independent form of government; at- ■
tention will be called to th. wonderful
improvement in the island during the
past year not only commercially and ag
ricuitural y. but. also in the sanitary con
dition ; i! the cities an.l towns. The ques
tion of annexation will be left pen.
Porto Rico-Civil government to imme- i
diately replace the present military gov
ernment, to be based upon recommend
tlons made by General KSSSSggg
military governor, as to eleven
In municipal affairs. bJ>trnment
Hawaii— lmmediate latlrm t,-, ™ ♦ ,
I a Territorial v! „ ,
Scatlona ol the ; J Hl ', , '' r ? ment
respond nearly with the present govern
ment of the islands sovern-
Foreign Affairs The outcome of The
Hague conference to be pointed to with
satisfaction, and the statelni" made That
the treaty agreed to at this nr^tl
Will be submitted at once^theiS
Gratification will also be exprls^i "^ :
the final settlement of the Vo^zuela
boundary controversy. Samoa will come
in for a large share of attention The
exciting events of the year will be re
viewed and the statement made that ne
gotiations are In progress for a final so
The San Francisco Call.
lution of these troublesome questions, and
that a treaty providing for a new plan of
government will probably be submitted to
the Senate during the coming session.
Announcement is to be made of the
modus vivendi agreed to for a temporary
boundary between Alaska and British
possessions and the hope to be expressed
that a permanent agreement will be
speedily reported, and that, through the
medium of the high joint commission, all
other questions pending between the ■
United States and Canada will be dis- j
posed of at an early date.
Department of Commerce— The neces
sity for a new executive department, with
a Cabinet officer at its head, to have
charge of all matters relating to inter
state, colonial and foreign commerce,
which are now scattered among the sev
eral different departments, to be strongly
urged.
Financial— The maintenance of the pres
ent gold standard, the currency and bank
ing recommendation to be based upon the :
conclusions of the Republican caucus
committee of the House of Representa
tives and the Republican members of the
Finance Committee of the Senate. Atten
tion will be directed to the satisfactory
working of the tariff and Internal revenue
laws and to the fact that the receipts of
the Government are equal to the expendi
tures, notwithstanding the heavy drain of
the Philippines campaign.
Trusts- Regulation of trusts and great
commercial combinations so as to pre
vent the stifling of competition and the
levying of tribute upon consumers by in
ordinate advances in prices, but without
in any way hampering the development of
American manufacturing and commerce.
[nterocean Emphasis to be given
to formal recommendations and to the
importance of early action by Congress
for the construction of an interoceanic
waterway to meet the new military and
commercial situation growing out of the
acquisition of islands in the Caribbean
Sea and in the Pacific Ocean. Recom
mendation as to specific route to be de
layed until the Canal Commission makes
its report.
Shipping— The passage of a subsidy bill
to be urged lor the establishment of
American steamship lines to the colonies
and to enable American ships to compete
for the commerce of the world.
Army— Recommendations for the perma
nent reorganization of the army to be de
layed until after the close of the war in
the Philippines. Regulars and volunteers
generally to bo commended for heroic con
duct; and recommendations to be made
for special medals for all volunteers who
remained In service after the ratification
of the treaty of peace with Spain, and for
all regulars who especially distinguished
themselves under fire.
Navy— Several additional cruisers of the
Olympia class, authority for the purchase
of Krupp armor and an increase of of
ficers and men to be recommended. No
reference will probably be made to the
nominations of Rear Admirals Sampson
and Schley and other officers participating I
in the Santiago campaign, which failed of j
action last session of Congress, but later
In the session something will probably be
done by the administration toward re
warding these men.
Memorial bridge— Recommendations to
be made for the construction of a memo
rial bridge connecting Washington with
the Arlington National Cemetery to com
memorate the memory of the men who
fell in the civil and Spanish wars, and to
symbolize the reunion of the North and
the South.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
BOERS CLOSING IN ON THE
BRITISH FORCES AT LADYSMITH
Preliminary Encounters Precede the First
Important Battle of the War, Which
Is Now in Progress,
LONDON, Eng., Oct. 19.
— What will probably
prove the first impor
tant action of the war is reported
to have commenced Wednesday
twenty miles west of Ladysmith,
Natal, the cavalry scouts. Gen-|
era! Sir (ieorge Stewart White.
having encountered the Orange
Free State commands, reported j
to number more than io.oooj
men. and which invaded Xatal
through the passes of the Dra
kensberg Mountains. It is un
derstood that General Prinsloo,
commandant general of the Free
State, is directing the movements
of the Boers.
General White has 9000 men
of all arms and is sending r.
strong force to support the out
posts, and a few hours are likely
to give indication of the result
of the first test of strength be
tween the Boers and the British.
A few fresh rumors from the
Mafeking district do not carry
knowledge of the real situation,
but as nearly all reports are from
Boer sources and do not claim
substantial victory, it may be as
sumed that Colonel Baden-
Powell's command there is hold
ing its own. The situation of the
British, however, is undeniably
unpleasant. Unless reinforced
they will be compelled to suc
cumb, as the enemy has all the
advantages, including Mafeking' s
water supply, which has already
been cut off.
LADYSMITH, Oct. IS, 5:25 p. m.— The
British forces came into contact with the
enemy In the neighborhood of Acton
Homes and Lesters station, about sixteen
miles out. this morning.
The British cavalry patrols have been
in action at Acton Homes and Leaters
station since midday, and the action Is
still In progress. A number of casual
ties has been reported. Supports are
leaving the camp and expect to fight to
morrow.
Boer-British Movements on the Natal Frontier.
Pictorial map of Upper Natal and Transvaal and Orarge Free State frontier, showing the advance movements of
the several bodies of Boers and the disposition of the British troops opposing them, with important places and lines of
communication.
The Boers are ■working . around both
sides with the idea of getting south of
Ladysmith and attacking In force with
the co-operation of Commandant General
Joubert.
Reports have been received here stating
that the Boers moved from Helpmakaar
to-night to cut the railway between Glen
coe and Ladysmith, near Waschbank, and
also that they have threatened Colenso
by means of bands sent from the Free
State, General Meyers commanding, sent
from Helpmakaar. The Free Staters are
advancing in two columns from Tlntwa
and Van Reenans passes against this
place. .■_■.•:".•*.■".*
General Jouborfs forces are moving
against Glencoe and testers station, on
the llarrismith branch line.
The Boers from Van Reenans Pass came
by the Blaanwbank way, their patrols fir
ing early this morning on the British
scouts. Three hundred Boers tried inef
fectually to cut off small parties of the
British, but the Natal boys were more
wary than they and retired firing. The
Boers, as usual, took advantage of the
hills, rocks and gullies to hide themselves,
but being unable to advance they used
cannon against the British riflemen, who
nevertheless maintained a stout resist
ance. The tiring was very heavy.
The country about Acton Homes being
more open, the English mounted volun
teers there are falling back upon Dew
drop. The force of Boers engaged at Ac
ton Homes numbered about 2000. There
were rather fewer at Besters. It is re
ported that the Boers there are hemmed
in and suffering severely.
An official note published here says: "A
Free State commando yesterday' com
menced actual hostilities. The Free State
has thus taken on itself the responsibility
of beginning war and cannot hereafter
pose as the injured party."
BRITISH WORRIED OVER
SITUATION AT MAFEKING
LONDON, Oct. 19.— There is still no
authentic news from Mafeking, but all
reports tend to confirm the belief that
Colonel Baden-Powell is holding his own
and no credit is given to the vague rumor
that a flag of truce had been displayed.
A considerable enpragement. is antici
pated in the vicinity of Ladysmith to-day.
The combined advance of Boers and Free
State troops in this direction lias been ex
ecuted with no inconsiderable skill, and
shows a clear appreciation of the British
position. General Sir George Stewart
White has 12.000 men and forty-six guns
available, besides a considerable force of
volunteers, to hold Lady smith, and no
anxiety is felt on his account, for tho
Natal country, where the engagement is
expected, is fairly open, and although the
work of moving them will be difficult, the
guns, arc likely to do good work.
The country is not favorable for Boer
tactics, and It will be very difficult for
them to avoid the exposure of their flanks
to attack by a vigorous and mobile enemy
already occupying useful positions, that
is. supposing they really mean to fight
and nut merely to attempt to draw Gen
eral White farther out with a view of sur
rounding him. General White has a large
body of excellent cavalry, which will be
put to good use.
The foregoing about exhausts the actual
war news this morning. The worst fea
tures of the situation are regarded to be
the probability of native risings, which,
whether on behalf of or against the Boers,
are certain to produce serious complica
tions, besides danger to the few hundred
whites in these districts.
The havoc the Boers are making with
the railway and telegraph lines will seri
ously impede the movements of General
Sir Redvers Buller's army corps. There
are conflicting reports as to whether the
Boers have or have not occupied Helpma
koar. According to the best accounts the
rumor that they have clone so is untrue,
but if the Boers have succeeded in this
maneuver they are completely around the
right of General Stewart White's position
and will be able both to attack him at an
advantage or move down Into Natal be
hind him.
The Daily News points this out and
seems to think that if the Boers loop their
way through Zulu territory or Basuto
land the natives ought to be permitted to
exact respect for their own territory.
The Morning Post criticises England's
Continued on Second Fage.
SHAMROCK MUST NOW
GIVE TIME ALLOWANCE
Challenger and Gup Defender Columbia
Both in Fine Form for the Third
Race of the Series.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Measurer John Hyslop announced at the New York
Yacht Club that the new measurement of the Shamrock made by him this
morning: shows the yacht's present water line to be 55.95 feet, and her racing
length, by club rule. 102.565 feet. He states that the Shamrock will now allow
the Columbia sixteen seconds In a thirty-mile course. To-morrow's race will
be fifteen miles to windward or leeward and back, the start to be made at 11
o'clock, as usual.
NEW YORK. Oct. I?.— A half hour be
fore sunset to-day the Shamrock lay in
side Sandy Hook, gently tugging at her
mooring buoy. An eighth of a mile away
was the Columbia idly rocking on the
ripple within the Horseshoe. On board
th>-> Shamrock there was activity. Her
crew wns completing the 'adjustment of
shrouds and stays to secure the new top
mast that had been sent up at noon to
replace the one carried away yesterday.
On board the Columbia there was no ac
tivity. All were at ease. The crew sat
on deck, where everything was ready for
to-morrow's event. Captain Barr leaned
against the slide of the companionway
and smoked. Meanwhile he gazed across
the water, watching the progress of prep
aration on the disabled opponent. Condi
tions aboard the American craft indicated
calm anticipation and serene confidence.
The stress of preparation about the Brit
ish yacht well marked the natural anx
iety there as to the performance of the
untried spar and the entire craft in to
morrow's weather.
Early in the day it had been the pur
pose of the visitors to go outside with
the Shamrock and test her new equip-
merit, but though she came down the
harbor from her remeasurement early
this afternoon the shortening daylight af
forded too little time after all had been
snugged.
Meanwhile in the upper bay, off Bay
ridge, the steam yacht Erin, with Sir
Thomas Llpton on board, had been coal
ing ship. He had hoped repairs might
be finished in time to permit the Sham
rook to try out somewhat In a spin out
side.
At 4:30 o'clock the Erin steamed down
to her moorings within the Hook. Stand
ing on the bridge Sir Thomas observed
the last detail of her preparations and
his hope for a spin out to-day gave way
to conviction to its Impossibility. As the
Erin's crew ceased turning and she
slowed down near her moorings, Sir
Thomas was peering through his glasses
toward the Narrows, where he sighted the
hig liner Oceanic bearing down, outward
bound.
"I shall go outside with the Oceanic,"
said he. "to bid gdod-by to Lord Beres
ford and other friends on board."
A little later, while Sir Thomas chatted
and leaned on the quarter dock bulwarks,
a little sloop sailed by within hailing dis
tance. Three men thereon, each holding
aloft a mug of beer, shouted heartily,
"Here's luck to you for to-morrow, Sir
Thomas!" A half-amused smile over
spread the face of the Shamrock's owner
as he heard, and lifted his cap.
"Do you know," he ejaculated, "there
have come to me many evidences of good
will? Here, for instance," added Sir
Thomas, selecting one from many tele
grams that had just been sent from shore,
"here is some friend who says: 'Don't
be disheartened. Shamrock may lose, but
Sir Thomas wins the respect and good will
of millions of Americans.' And I can say
now through the Associated Press to mi
own people and to the American people
that I have proved what I believed to be
true — that no man ever met a more cor
dial greeting than 1 have here. No man
ever found more generous hearts, more
willing hands or more honest men than I
have since I came to America. I have
proved this, I say, to the people of my
own nation." And the manner of Sir
Thomas was emphatic.
"And if the Shamrock should lose now.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
how long- before her owner may appear
here with another boat to lay siege to the
trophy?" was asked.
"Ah, that brings me back." said Sir
Thomas, -'to the greatest difficulty I have
confronted here. I must be sure of a de
signer. I cannot design a boat and I
must be certain on that point before I
can talk of another attempt should the
Shamrock lose now. You see, I am seri
ously embarrassed because of Mr. Fife's
illness. I have not seen my designer in
over three weeks. We take in over three
tons of ballast -to-day, do you see? Well,
then we suffer because Mr. Fife Is unable
to be about and direct these matters that
none of the others of our party are skilled
In. Is she on her true water line— the line
she was designed to sail on? We are not
sure. Her designer would know, but he
has not seen his boat since she was first
measured. He is sick and unable to leave
his room. We do not know whether the
Shamrock has ever in these waters sailed
on her true water line. She is certainly
not now sailing on the same water lino
as when she sailed In the Solent. The
ballast put in the Shamrock to-day was
put. in on Mr. Fife's advice. Has it been
so placed as to serve the exact purpose
he intended? We do not know to a cer
tainty. He is sick and we have done the
best we know how. It is a most serious
handicap for us to be deprived of his per
sonal direction and advice."
The ballast put aboard the Shamrock
last night consists of pigs of lead weigh
ing about twenty-five pounds each, made
handy in shape to stow in between the
frames of the yacht, down as low as pos
sible, where they will do the most good.
Three and a half tons of it was passed
on board and stowed below. Most of this
weight was put aft. judging from the ap
pearance of the yacht to-day, for she
seemed to trim more by the stern than
before.
It was learned to-day that the cause
of the accident to the topmast was not
the parting of the shroud at the "nip,"
as was generally supposed. The mast it
self broke first, not being able to stand
the strain brought upon it by the
wrenching swing of the great club top
sail spars when the yacht plunged into
the head seas. One of the 3hrouds broke,
it is said, when the wreckage went down
to leeward.
The Shamrock picked up her old gre^n
mooring buoy on the Horseshoe at
this forenoon. Half an hour after mak
ing the anchorage the new topmast,
phrouds and stays ■.• up. When
the Erin arrived at 4:30 from Bayridga,
where she. had been coaling, the Sham
rock's crew wore clearing up the deck.
All in all it had been a hard (lay's prep
aration. Mr. Ratsey kept ship on ihe
Plymouth in the absence of the others
on deck. Captains Hogarth and Wringe
were turned in below getting a wink of
sleep, and so it fell to him to meet all
callers.
"My men worked last night." said Mr.
Ratsey, "repairing the tear in the top
sail. It was well there was no race to
day, for there would not have been wind
enough."
The Columbia's men had a day of rest.
The entire scene of action had been
changed by the unfortunate break. It
was the laddies on the Shamrock who
looked out from their ease on earlier
days and watched the Columbia men
working aloft and below and overhauling
the standing and running rigging. True
the Columbia men made the usual exami
nation of the ship this morning and later
scrubbed the yacht's side-. After that
they rested. C. Oliver Iselin left for
home early in the morning, and it was
late in the afternoon before he returned.
A number <>f Sir Thomas I,ipton's
guests snilcil to-day for Europe on the
White Star steamship Oceanic. Lord and
Lady Charles Beresford were the last to
go aboard the oceanic. The other guests
of Sir Thomas who sailed on the Oceanic
were Hon. Cecil Brownlow, Halnford
Burdette, Right Hon. Arnold Morley.
M. P., F. Morley, and Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Muir, Kenneth Murchlson, L.
Sackville West, W. D. Ross, Joseph Law
rence and Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Wilson
and Miss Muriel Wilson.
SUICIDE FOLLOWS
QUADRUPLE MURDER
Minnesotan Kills His Wife and Three
Sons and Then Ends His
Own Life.
MINNEAPOLIS Oct. IS.— A special to
the Times from Redwood Falls, Minn.,
says: Frank B. Babcock, a farmer re
siding near this city, killed his wife and
three sons on his farm to-day in a fit of
insanity.
Babcock loaded his gun and went to
where his two little boys were playing
near the house and shot both of them,
blowing out their brains. His wife saw
the act and rushed to the barn for
safety. Babcock searched for and found
her in the barn and shot her through the
head. He then walked a mile to where
his eldest son was working and blew out
the brains of this son. Then he placed
the muzzle of the gun to his mouth and
tired, killing himself instantly. ~
♦
GENERAL MERCIER'S SON
WOUNDED IN A DUEL
PARIS, Oct. 18.— M. Gohier, writer of
leading articles for the Dreyfusard organ,
Aurore, fought a duel to-day with the
son of General Merrier, former Minister
of War.
M. Mercier was pinked in the chest, but
is not thought to be seriously hurt.
Bicyclists Fined.
WOODLAND, Oct. IS.— Twenty bicy
clists were arrested yesterday for riding
on the sidewalk. The cases were heard
this afternoon and nineteen pleaded guilty
aiui were fined $2 50. In one instance a
plea of not guilty was entered. This de
fendant will file a demurrer.
Lederer Held.
"WOODLAND, Oct. IS.— Fred Lederer.
the old man who assaulted his wife with
a butcher knife, has been held to answer
before the Superior Court on a charge of
assault with intent to commit murder.
Bail has been fixed at JSOOO, which he has
been unable to give.2
UNREST AMONG THE
WARLIKE TRIBESMEN
Lerothodi, Paramount Chief of the Basutos.
A Transvaal emissary recently visited Lerothodi to ask what he Intended
doing. Lerothodi took the visitor to his hut and showed him a large por
trait of the Queen, saying: "That Is our mother. When the mother fights,
the sons fight, too."
LONDON. Oct. IS.— A new and serious element In the military situation Is the
rising of the warlike tribe of Basutos, under Chief Mehoko, against the
Orange Free State. The British must keep the Basutos quiet, and the par
amount chief, Lerothodi, has thus far behaved well. Reports are current,
however, that the other chief? may follow the example of Mehoko. More
over the unrest among the tribesmen is spreading into Zululand. Accord
ing to a special dispatch from Durban, Natal, The Zulus nre. arming with asse-
Chlef Dir.izulu says he Is unable to restrain them. It Is expected that they
• i d by the Bwaizeis.
LADYSMITH, i ■ Yl;p native tribe of Barotongs. under Chief Wessels Is
be co-operating in the defense of Mafeking, undertaking outpost duty. It
re prevalent In General Cronje's
live tribe in Zululand, whose cattle ha%-e been raided by the
B ers, applied to < E rt White, the British commander In
: ermission to make armed resistance. General "White refused their re
olored auxiliaries in the coming struggle
MAZERU, Baui \ IS. Persistent rumors are in circulation that'the
the treatment of many natives returning
from tl I of their hard-earned wages by the
s are also ventilated. There Is some discontent be
of the restraint ■ ■ thi Basutoland Government and distinct
- " ;i as "f anger against the Boers Is rnani
■ ■ : the Frei State have failed to secure the sympathy
of the • I- is reported the natives desire to hold meetings immediately
•
BOERS CLOSING IN
ON BRITISH FORCES
■ I fr m Fin ■
apparent weakness for defensive action
■with adequate forces, and says that if
Colonel Bmlen-Powell holds his own it
■will ho because his assailants are beneath
contempt.
The Time« editorially complains of
observance of neutrality
the part of somo of the
i of the United States in permit
ting th»> sympathetic^ recruiting and en
listment of men openly and ostentatiously
for service against
Africa. Regarding shipmi I t contra
band for the Boers the Times sa-.
■
are Beized by British cruiser:--, and i
that these consignments appear to come
mostly from Hamburg. It says:
"Perhaps, though, this is doubtful, and
some • ts may have been made j n
Amer ts. If this- is so American
lawyers will be aware that they have only
1 ■ read 'Lon nzo Ma rques Is sil
the Transvaal frontier 1 for 'Matamoras is
Bitual der
bring sue i ments
with ■ me of the
known de ft r S ipreme
With respect to the r< lI destina
tlcles this country
asks that the rules and usages of Interna
law should be Impartially applied."
The i rape Town Coi ent of the
: "The authorities at Jo
hanm .ed that they
will make a house to house search on
tld Will compel -very British
The Imperial
authorities have Impounded 150,900 sover
eigns which arrived by steamer to-day for
the Tranßvaal. The money will be kept
here until the war is ended. Conyngham
-ailed for Bng
to-day. An enthusiastic crowd as
• bid them fareweil. Dispatches
from Beyra, dated Saturday, state that
the i'.oeis' advance northward waf r ••-
I'Uls. ■ ■ itlon. This doubtless
means that Colonel Plumber's force ad
ng to the relief of Mafeking had en
countered the Boers.
AS EXPLAINED BY
BRITISH WAR OFFICE
LONDON, Oct. 18.— The War Office has
Issued the following statement:
"News has been received from General
Sir George Stewart White, the general
commanding in Natal, that the antici
pated movement of Boer forces across the
I 'rakensberg, already reported from sev
rral quarters, was llkrly to be continued
on October IT, in which case some of them
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm ! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made ; the tat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
What is good soap ?
Pears'.
Ail sorts of stores sell It, especially druggist*;
»il sorts of people use it.
might be expected to arrive at Boann
Bank that night and probably to come I
contact with our cavalry between
mlth and the p | the Drak
rg.
"On the north the Boer force? from
Ingagane are advancing, accompanied by
of artillery. On the Buf
falo Rivr-r the Boers from Vryheld are
moving toward Vants and Rorkes drifts.
"Our cavalry remain in observation and
report movements on the Orange Free
Si • The Basutos are said to manifest
an attitude hostile to the Boers, and they
may neutralize a certain number of the
Beer forces."
CAMP CAPTURED AND
SACKED BY THE BOERS
LORENZO MARQUES, Oct. is.-The
Volkstein, the Boer official organ at Pre
toria, gives the following account of the
occupation of the British camp at Ram
athlabama. Just north of Maf eking:
■The British camp at Ramathfabama
has been captured and sacked by General
Cronge, after severe fighting. Many
burghers were killed or wounded. The
British loss is not known."
The Volkstein adds that "success has
thus far everywhere attended the burgh
al though it admits that in the
various skirmishes near Maf eking and at
Ints the Boer casualties number
sixty or seventy killed and
wounded.
COMMANDOS MARCHING
IN DIRECTION OF DUNDEE
GLENCOE CAMP, Oct. 18.-Several
commandos which were advancing with
the main body from Newcastle on Dundee
are marching to join a large forcp sta
tioned at Doornberg, near Landsmans
I>rift. twelve miles east of Dundee.
Two Boer spies were caught In the
camp this morning.
YEAR'S WORK OF
EPISCOPALIANS
Reports Read at Sacra-
mento Convention.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 18.-The conven
tion of the Episcopal clergymen of the
Hacramento diocese adjourned sine die '
this evening. Reno, Nev., was selected as
the npxt meeting place, conditional upon
: that place proving a practicable point for
the holding of the next meeting. This be- !
i ing St. Luke's day, Bishop Moreland cele- \
brated holy communion and administered
the sacrament to the clerical and lay dele- I
gates present.
Reports were rend from the different '
! parishes, showing the extent of the church
work and the manner In which it wis
prosecuted. The report of Rev. c c
Pl< rce of Placervllle, El Dorado County'
told how that clergyman was evangelizing i
, that mining section by going out upon the
. highways and preaching the gospel. Blsh- ''
op Moreland characterized nov. a George
lof St. Andrew's Mission, Sacramento as
i the prince of missionaries, extolling ' his
vors in this city and at Chico. The
committee on state of the church this aft- .
ernoon reported in glowing lerms upon the
state of affairs in St. Paul's Church Sac
! ramento, of which Itev. <\ L, Miel, form- i
i erly of Bausalito and some yean ago a !
well-known San Francisco newspaper ,
man. is the rector. The church debt tin- '
; der his rectorate has been almost com- '
I pletely wiped out.
The convocation closed with a meeting ;
I of the women delegates to-night, at which S
I various matters relating to the church
auxiliaries were discussed.
GUERIN WILL NOT TALK.
Anti-Semite Conspirator Refuses to
Answer Questions.
PARIS, Oct. IS.— Continuing his investl- |
gntions on behalf of the Senate Into the !
charges growing out of the alleged con
■piracy to change the form of Govern- \
ment. Senator Berenger to-day interro- !
gated M. Jules Guerin, the anti-Semite, j
who recently was besieged in "Fort Cha- !
brol." M. Guerin on the ground of !H
hi-alth declined to reply, confining him- !
self to a protest that the dossier against i
him contained "nothing but lying police
reports."
The report of Senator Berenger will be
transmitted to the Procurateur General
to-morrow or next day.
THE SAN I'EANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
QUEEN COLLS FOR
THE MILITIA RESERVE
SecoQd Message to Parliaroerjt Causes Debate,
ir> Wtych Harcourt Scores Chamber
lain's Policy.
LONDON, Oct. IS.— ln the House of
Commons to-day the First Lord of
the Treasury and Government lead
er, Arthur J. Balfour, brought In the
following message from the Queen:
"The state of affairs in Africa having
constituted, in the opinion of her Majesty,
a case of emergency within the meaning
of the act of Parliament, her Majesty
deems it proper to provide additional
means for military service. She has,
therefore, thought it right to communi
cate to the House that her Majesty is, by
proclamation, about to order the embodi
ment of the militia and to call out the mi
litia reserve force, or such part thereof as
her Majesty may think necessary for ser
vice."
The House agreed to consider the royal
message to-morrow. A motion by Mr.
Balfour appropriating the entire special
session for Government business was car
ried by 279 votes against 4S.
The debate on the address in reply to
the speech from the throne was then re
sumed. Philip James Stanhope, Liberal
memDer for Burnley, moved an amend
ment strongly disapproving the conduct
of the negotiations with the Transvaal.
He attacked the policy of the Secretary of
State for the Colonies, Joseph Chamber
lain, and demanded that the latter should
clear himself of the charge of complicity
in the Jameson raid. Arter denouncing
the action of Cecil Rhodes and the South
African League, Mr. Stanhope said:
"The British High Commissioner In
South Africa, Sir Alfred Mllnor, Is lack-
Ing In the qualities necessary to ;i diplo
mat In his position. While entirely ac
quitting the Government, as a whole, c.f
any connection with those doubtful trans
actions, and believing that they are ani
mated by peaceful motives, I am con
vinced that the Secretary of State for the
les and the Britisn High Commis
sioner in South Africa have for the last
two years been fully determined that war,
and war only, should end this crisis, and
that they have worked for this consum
mation during the last year."
The amendment was seconded by Sam
uel Thomas Evans, Liberal member for
the middle division of Glamorganshire.
Mr. Chamberlain emphatically dissented.
Sir William Vernon Harcourt, Liberal
member for West Monmouthshire and
former leader of the Liberal party, fol
lowing several minor speeches for and
against the Government, said it was the
duty of the House to support the Govern
ment in maintaining the integrity of the
dominions of the Queen, hut that they
had a right to speak of the policy of the
Government in an altogether different
tone. He went on to justify the opposi
tion's criticism of the conduct of the ne
gotiations prior to the receipt of the ulti
matum, declaring his belief that there
were salient circumstances in the trans
action which do not tend to a peaceable
solution.
"Although I do not charge the Govern
ment," naid Sir William, "with deliber
ately avoiding a peaceful solution, in my
opinion there is no justification for say
ing that there has been criminal obstl
nancy in the Transvaal. It has been
found, on wise advice from the Orange
Free Stat--- and the Government of the
Cape Colony, that the Transvaal, until
the door was shut, yielded and was con
tinuing to yield to our pressure."
He then proceeded to contrast Mr.
Chamberlain's previous utterances with
his present attitude.
Discussing the cause of the final breach
Sir William Bald:
"< >n September 6 the Transvaal sent a
dispatch pressing for the appointment of
a joint commission to consider their offer,
on condition that suzerainty be dropped.
Everybody is now convinced that suzer
ainty was dropped in ISS4. (Loud Mlnis
BOYHOOD FRIENDS
GREET M'KINLEY
The President Visits His
Birthplace.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NILES, Ohio, Oct. IS.— ln this town
President McKlnley first saw the light of
day. Thousands of his boyhood friends
gathered at the railway station this after
noon to cheer him on his journey back to
Washington, after a tour which covered
over S<XK) miles through the West and
Northwest, and during which time the
chief executive of the nation ha? delivered
almost a hundred Bpeechea to thousands
upon thousands of enthusiastic citizens.
Only three of the Cabinet members re
mained In the party which appeared to
bow acknowledgments to the warm recep
tion which awaited them here. The Presi
dent, when the cheering had subsided,
spoke as follows:
•'1 fear I will not be able to make my
self heard by this great audience. It is
to me a matter of extreme pleasure to be
able after bo many years of absence to
come back to the old town in which I was
born, and I need not tell you that many
cherished memories crowd my mind as I
stand in this presence. The old frame
school house and the. church have disap
peared nnd in their place- splendid struc
tures have hul ld ed up. This town has
had its upa and downs.
<A voice: "Not since you went in,
though — no down since th<=>n.")
"I am glad to know that it is enjoying
the upward rise at this time and that
prosperity is in your shops and factories
and happiness and contentment i:i your
homes. I know, my fellow citizens, that
you will be certain of the high apprecia
tion I feel to have the school children of
my native town here in such vast num
bers waving the flag we love. We
never loved that flag as we love it to
day. There never were so many people
devoted to it, willing to sacrifice life for it,
as there are in the United States to-day.
And wherever that flag floats, raised by
the soldiers of the United States, It repre
sents Just what It represents here, the
highest privileges, the broadest opportu
nity and the widest liberty to the people
beneath it."
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Army Orders, Postoffice Changes and
Pensions for Veterans.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— Army orders:
By direction of the Assistant Secretary of
War the following named enlisted men of
tho hospital corps are transferred to An
jjel Island: Privates Paul L. Mcllenry
and James R. Bowles, Fort Sheridan;
Privates Clarence L. Chase and George
I'.rown, Jefferson Barracks; Privates War
ren Krider. Loren J. Zook, Robert fl
Foote and John Boegh, Fort Crook; Pril
vale James A. Oooch, Fort KeoKh; Pii
vatf Isaac N. Johns, Fort D. A. Russell;
Private John Michon Fort Sam Houston;
Private Florence B. Johnstone, Fort
Brown,
Privates Charles C. Klrsteln and Wiil
iam C. Mcllnith. hospital corps, hospital
at the Presidio, San Francisco, are trans
ferred to the Philippine Islands, and will
report to the commanding general for
transportation.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John R. Clark
is relieved from further duty at San
Francisco, to take effect upon the ar
rival of Surgeon James B. Hallwood. Pri
vate James Woodward of Company I?,
Thirty-first Infantry, Presidio of San
Francisco, is discharged from the service
of the I'nited States.
William EL Whybark has been commis
sioned Postmaster at Knob, CaL J. J.
Hebbron was to-day appointed Postmas
ter at Carmel, Kern County,
Pensions for Californiaris: Original-
John Harrigan, Soldiers' Home, Loa An
jjreles, *12; Joshua D. Day. San Diego, $8;
Samuel Dickinson, Bakersfield, $6; Grif
lith P. Young, San Francisco, $8; Joseph
J. Josselyn Jr., Forestville, $6; John B.
O'Neal Jr., Niles, $6; John Hughes, Sacra
mento. $f,. Increase— lsaac W. B. Gil
strap, Soldiers' Milwaukee Home, Los
Angeles, $* to $12; Joseph S. Clapp, Los
Angeles. $i> to $10; George Porter, Oak
land, $6 to $12. Original widows, etc.—Ma
ria Y. White, Ran Gabriel. $25.
Washington— Original— William H. Over
mann, Daisy, $K. Increase— Robert Kil
gore, Bt. John. $8 to $12.
Original widows, etc.— Reissue — Roberta
Summers. Garfield, $8.
SIR WM. VERNON HARCOURT.
terlal protests.) At any rate successive
Secretaries of State were of that
opinion."
Mr. Chamberlain emphatically dis
sented.
Sir William, resuming 1 , went on to say
that suzerainty was only formally an
• nounced to President Kruger by Mr.
i Chamberlain in 1899. He commented upon
; the "extraordinary delay in sending the
final proposals of Great" Britain."
: i "The British nation," he exclaimed,
"has a right to know what the proposals
of the Government are. The Government
has no right to involve the nation in a
war in the dark. I cannot conceive why
the good offices of the Orange Free State
■ were rejected, and I think that the nego
tiations might have been conducted dlf-
I ferently with a different issue. I disas
sociate myself altogether from responsi
bility of any kind for the measures which
! have led to this war, though I am pre
j pared to support the Government in the
\ unhappy conflict in which we are en
! gaged." The House then adjourned.
The calling out of the militia and the
military reserves has occasioned wlde-
Bpread wonderment Other stories of
; preparations against Continental combina
: tions are revived. It is freely rumored
j that the Government is determined to
demonstrate to Europe that the British
army is not a negligible quantity.
Roth the attitude <.f Europe and that of
the natives of South Africa have some
: thing to do with this attitude, and the
j lavish display of force is intended, doubt
less, not only to check the ill will appar
ent on both side.-; of the Rhine and be
yond the Vistula, but also to guard
against the "black peril."
According to the statistics published
• this year the militia, including the perma
nent staff and the militia reserve, num
bers 132.493.
It is not believed that the militia are
to be sent to South Africa. Presumably
I they will replenish the denuded British
1 garrison towns and thus permit the Gov
ernment to send to the Cape all the regu
lars rendered necessary by the develop
ments In South Africa.
A supplementary armyestimatehas been
issued asking the House of Commons to
| vote «n additional 33,000 men and £10,000.
--000 in consequence of the situation in
; South Africa. It is explained that the
i 35,000 men represent the probable maxl
| mum excess beyond the establishments.
fixed for the year 1899-1900 and is in con-
I sequence of the calling out of the reservas
and of the temporary transfer of troops
: from the Indian to the British establish
! ment. With the additional 1 10,000,000 the
i total army estimates are £30,617,600.
BOURKE COCKRAN
ON IMPERIALISM
Yet Time for America to
Recede.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Oct. IS.— The anti-Imperialist
meeting at Central Music Hall came to a }
close to-night, Hon. Bourke Cockran of I
New York delivering the oration of the !
evening. The hall was filled and the re-,
marks of the orator were greeted with ap
proval by those present. Mr. Cockran |
based his objection to the policy of the
Government on the broad ground that one I
people had no right to force a government j
on another. He discussed the question in ;
a dispassionate manner, claiming that
there were many reasons why the United
States should hold the Islands, but no rea
son why it should attempt to force upon
any people a form of government to
which that people objected. The confer
ence adjourned at the conclusion of Mr.
Cockran' s address, those in charge of the
meeting expressing themselves as de-
Lighted with the success of the affair.
In the course of his speech Mr. Cockran
said:
In rivaling with the fruits of the late war
two courses .-:r.> open to vs — one, the old
course of treating our success as an oppor
tunity t'» wrest from the conquered foe the
utmost he can be made to yield; the ot*>er. j
to establish a ni w standard of justice in the
deelinge of nations with each other by refus
ing to accept either tribute or territory tor
ourselves and by innkinc; the conditions of !
provision tor Improving the conditions!
of men.
If, on the other hand, we conclude to ac
cept no other reward than the establishment
of free and benelV.-nt governments In the ter
ritories wrested from Spain, we will show that
we did not take up arms for conquest or plun- I
der, but for Justice and humanity.
The President proclaiming such a policy so j
novel and so enlightened would take a place ;
In history as distinct and conspicuous as that !
of Abraham Lincoln while this country would i
acquire a moral influence among nations un- |
pieceder.ted and unparalleled.
The example of a great country redeeming at |
the close of a successful war the profession I
with which it was bcimn— risking the lives and j
treasure of Its citizens for no nther purpose
than for the rescue of a suffering people from \
Intolerable oppression— would produce puch an
effect on the world that it would be difficult ;
for any other country to make war for a \
baser purpose.
It would be an Inspiring answer to the uni
versal aspirations for peace which brought Into
existence the recent conference at The Hapne.
Our Eastern complications prevented us ren
dering a priceless service to humanity and
gaining immeasurable glory for ourselves at i
The Hague, but that opportunity is by no
n-..*nns lost. The policy of civilization ami hu- ,
mauity may utill he adopted by the American
people, even if the President falls to Initiate It
aye, even if lie should oppose it. indeed, the
glory of establishing ourselves in the primacy
of civilization will be increased, n<.t lessened, !
if It Vie achieved by the people themselves in
spite of the officers who control our Govern
ment. •
I do not Buy this through a desire to make
any issue with the executive. I repeat that
the purpose of this conference Is to promote
unanimity, not to aggravate division. What
ever we may think .of the President's action,
it 18 only fair to admit that the policy to which
he appears Inclined and which we condemn
casts the only shadow of doubt on his own poli
tical prospects. If the issues of the next elec
tion were confined to the preservation of exist
ing economic conditions I don't think any
American doubts his campaign would have been
a triumphal march to success. Whatever
doubt now clouds the result he has himself
created, and however this may affect our opin
ion of his prudence. It should be accepted as
a proof of good faith.
SUICIDE BECAUSE OF ILLNESS.
Niece of Helen Hunt Jackson Takes
Her Own Life.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Colo.. Oct. 18.—
Mrs. \Y. S. Jackson, wife of the cashier
of the El Paso County Bank of this city,
committed suicide by shooting this after
noon. She had been in poor health for
some lime.
Mrs. Helpn Banfield Jackson was the
second wife of \V. S. Jackson. She was
a niece of Mr. Jackson's first wife. Helen
H.int Jackson, who was well known as
"H. H." by her poems, novels and literary
sketches. Mrs. Jackson leaves six chil
dren. Her mother lives In Boston.
MARCONI SYSTEM
FOR WEST INDIES
Wireless Communication Between
the Islands and the Alain-
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLINGTON HOTEL, WASHINGTON, Oct.
18. -Satisfied of the value of wireless telegraphy as the result ot je\era
days' experience, the War Department contemplates adopting the Marconi
system without further experiments. Should the Government be successtui
in the negotiations for the Marconi system, it is proposed to erect stat ' ons
at Key West and Havana. One important effect of the erection of tnese
stations will be to relieve the Government from dependence upon the western
Union monopoly controlling the single cable connecting these points.
Aside from this aspect of the matter, however, it is proposed to connect all
the American West Indies by means of the Marconi system. If the negotia
tions are successful, stations will be erected on the east end of Cuba and on the
Western coast of Hayti. No doubt is felt of the ability of electric waves to
traverse the fifty-five miles separating these points.
The land lines of Hayti and Santo Domingo will convey a message sent to
San Juan to the easternmost point of Santo Domingo, where a wireless telegraph
station will be established, and the electric waves will be sent across the eighty
miles of water to a station to be located on the western shore of Porto Rico.
The establishment of a station at Key West may be postponed because of the
yellow fever scare prevailing there.
Stations may be established also in Hawaii to connect the islands of that
group.
A department official said to-day that final arrangements for the establish
ment of wireless telegraphy had not been perfected with Marconi, who is to come
to Washington upon the conclusion of the yacht races to confer with Lieu
tenant Colonel Squier of the Signal Corps, who, under Greely, has charge of the
matter.
The department Is satisfied with Mr. Marconi's assertion that he can send a
message a hundred miles as well as he can send it fifty, and has accepted his
statement that he can send messages across country, although not so well as
across water. It is not improbable, therefore, that stations may be established
in the Philippines.
ROUTE OF THE
NEW RAILROAD
Surveyors Will Begin
Work at Once.
Special Dl«patch to The Call.
STOCKTON, Oct. IS.-Engineer Comp
ton and a force of surveyors will to-mor
row begin to survey for a new railroad
from this city to Sacramento.
Surveying will be commenced at the
north side of Stockton Channel. A por
tion of the proposed new road is already
surveyed, for it is the intention to use a
part of the roadbed oi the Woman's Road
for entrance to the water front. Instead
of starting the survey at Sacramento it
was thought best to commence here. The
line will be run from the bed of the Wo
man's Road almost directly north to New
hope. The line will run east of the Sac
ramento road of the Southern Pacific.
It is intended to have branches extend
ing from Newhope and Georgetown to the
Sacramento River.
John Cross, the president of the com
pany, which is incorporated under the
name of the Sacramento and San Joaquin
Valley Railway, arrived in this city LO
day for the purpose of getting the survey
work under ■• Hla associates are:
Arthur G. Newton, a Los Angeles capi
talist, who was engaged in railroad enter
prisea some time ago; Warren Gillelen,
another director, is president of tne
Broadway Bank of I-".- Angeles; J. S.
Hanford, the third member of the direc
torate, is president of the Batesvllle Bank
of Batesville, Ark. These three, together
with John Cross and his nephew, A. I*.
Cross, are the ia*n stockholders, Newton
owning J97M won.i o^ the shares. Gillelen
$12,900, Hanford the same, and John and
A. P. Cross respectively $18,500 and $19,900.
The other directors, .ho have $100 each,
are Arthur Thornton, J. E. Loomis. book
keeper for Jobn Cross, and John A.
Payne, a New York capitalist.
"1 have never been employed by a rail
road company and have never acted as an
agent or representative of any one in rail
road enterprises." said Mr. Cross to-day,
"but have always used my money and
that of my associates."
"Is Stockton to be the southern ter
minus of the proposed road?" was asked.
"At present, yes; that is the intenti a."
paid Mr. Cross.
"The fact that th papers were filed In
Los Angeles might indicate an intention
lo build to that point ultimately." sug
gested the reporter.
"We have only incorporated for a road
from Sacramento to Stnckton.' rep... ■
Mr. Cross, "and copies of the papers will
be filed at Sacramento and here in this
city later on. We expect to start a party
of surveyors out over the route to-mor-
Mr. Cross said that all stock had been
subscribed for and that the road would be
bunt without doubt. He relied upon tue
co-operation of people owning land along
the proposed route and upon the good will
of the public generally.
MISTERS IN SESSION.
SAN ANDREAS. Oct. 18.— The C.\\&
veras branch of the California State Min
ers' Association held its annual meeting
In the Courthouse to-day, Judge C. V.
Gottsehalk presiding. The attendance was
quite largo and much enthusiasm was ex
hibited. After the transaction of the rou
tine business officers for the ensuing year
wrro elected as follows: President, W. C.
Ralston: vice president, David MoCltire
Jr • treasurer, C. M. Whitlock; secretary,
Hon. A. T. McSorley.
Twenty delegates to the annual meet
ing of the California State Association,
to meet in San Francisco on Monday,
were then chosen as follows: Charles i .
Lane of the Utica, chairman of the dele
gation; I!>-rt < 10l Kay. Thomas Cole and
w. C. Ralston of the Molones mine. Da
vid McClure Jr. and Captain H. A. Mes
senger of the Gwln mine, Isaac Foorman
of the Mokelumne Hill and Campo Seco
canal; C. Borger of the Borger mine, Irv
ing Hill of Wallace. H. P. Veder of tne
Jupiter mine. J. M. Lively of the Fellow
craft, Louis Emery Jr. of Rose Hill
mines, W. H. Clary of the Commodore. L.
Allgewahr of the Thorpe, Percy L. Shu
man of Mokelumne Hill and A. I. Mc-
Sorley.
The remaining four delegates will be se
lected by a committee specially appointed
for the purpose. It was determined no
man should be chosen delegate unless he
pledged nimself to attend the meeting
of the California State Association.
ADVERTISEMENT&
"I would not take $1000 for my belt if I could
not get another," writes ¥/. E, Furrey, 20 Blame
street, Santa Cruz, Cal.
The above is one of thousands of testimonials
I have on file at my office, and the cures have bee;i
effected by the Dr. Sanden Electric Belt. My belts
have been used the world over for the last thirty
years, and if you suffer from any ache, pain or weak-
ness call at my office for free consultation, or send
for free book, which is mailed in a sealed envelope.
I treat men and women, and can assure you of a per-
manent cure. Office hours: 9to 6; Sunday 11 to i
DR. T. A. SANDEN, 18 Third street, San Francisco.
land.
HADLEY TENDERED
A ROYAL WELCOME
Students of Old Yale
Make Merry.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW HAVEN, Oct. 18.-Arthur Twin
ing Hadley, LL.D., was to-day inaugu
rated president of Yale University, the
thirteenth In line and the immediate suc
cessor to the venerable Timothy Dwight.
Three thousand Yale undergraduates.
•-•-<s> -+-<$> -*-<£-♦- <S> -♦-<$> -♦"-$> -♦-^-♦~#
PROF. ARTHUR T. HADLEY.
I and recent graduates united to-night in a
! parade in honor of President Hadley. The
j hit of the procession was the train of the
j "Hadley Transportation Company." It j
j consisted of a locomotive and three cars,
| each of the latter sixteen feet long and )
seven feet high, lighted from within with j
lanterns. The locomotive moved on !
wheels and was fitted with a boiler which |
emitted steam at every stop and continu
j ously rang a bell as a warning of its ap
| proach.
The baggage car contained an excellent
likeness of Chauncey Depew in the act of
throwing out a trunk marked "A. T. H..
lale."
The baggage car and each of the two
! passenger coaches were carried by two
iof the college "sweeps." The whole train
formed a tableau ninety feet long. The
locomotive burned cotton waste and was
equipped with a headlight. The windows
of the passenger coaches contained excel
lent portraits of prominent professors
and graduates. With the cars were twenty
seniors carrying regulation lanterns and
dressed in the garb of brakemen.
Every one in the procession carried a
flaming torch. Each man was also garbed
in academic gown and mortar board of
regulation cut. with the distinguishing
hues. The seniors wore light green, the
juniors blue, the sophomores red and the
freshmen deep green.
From the City Hall the procession
marched to the home of former Professor
George Brush, until last year director of
the scientific department of the univer
sity. President Hadley's home near by
i was the next objective point, and here a
| longer stop was made. President Had
ley'a appearance on the veranda was the
signal for a mighty acclaim. President
! Hartley made one of his characteristic
speeches. The good feeling existing at
Yale toward Harvard was shown when
President Eliot of Harvard was recog
nized near Pre?ident Hartley. The Yale
men cheered him vociferously also.
The celebration terminated with a huge
bonfire near the campus on the old gym
nasium hill.
Will Lecture at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 18.—
President Daniel C. Gilman of Johns Hop
i kins University will lecture at Stanford
j the 26th of this month upon invitation of
I Dr. Jordan. President Oilman's visit ta
i the coast is primarily for the purpose of
| being present at the Installation or Presi
i dent Wheeler at Berkeley. During the
early days President Gilman was head of
the University of California and still re
tains his early attachment for the unlver
slty. While at Stanford he will be enter
tained by the Johns Hopkins professors
j among whom are some of the leading men
of the university.
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP BOOT.
KIDNEY AND BLADDER
TROUBLES PROMPTLY CURED.
A Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mall.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the won-
derful new discovery in medical science,
fulfills every wish in promptly curing
kidney, bladder and uric acid troubles,
rheumatism and pain in the back, It
corrects inability to hold water and
scalding pain in passing it, or bad ef-
fects following use of liquor, wine or
beer, and overcomes that unpleasant
necessity of being compelled to go often
during the day and to get up many
times during the night. The mild and
the extraordinary effect of Swamp-
Root i* soon realized. It stands the
highest for its wonderful cures of the
most distressing cases.
If you need a medicine you should
have' the best. Sold by druggists in
fifty-cent and one-dollar sizes. You may
have a sample bottle of this wonderful
new discovery and a book that tells all
about it. and its great cures, both sent
absolutely free by mail. Address Dr.
Kilmer & Co.. Bingharnton, N. Y. When
writing mention that you read this gen-
erous offer in the San Francisco Daily
Call. mtmm _ _— — -,
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE
Thuringia American Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN' THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st day of December,
A D. IS9B, and for the year ending- on that
day, as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and Cll of the Politi-
cal Code, condensed as per blank furnished by
the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
A Cash n !. ?.'. . CaP . U^ • . S^- k# . - Pa .' d . ■■' n t 200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $225,452 33
Cash in Company's Office 345 31
Cash In Banks 69.500 36
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 2,040 60
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 23,517 91
Total Assets .$313,886 51
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31 93
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 2,325 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running-
one year or less, $23,210 25; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 11,609 62
j Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year, $3,144 82; reinsur-
ance pro rata , 2,740 06
All other liabilities 7,408 35
Total Liabilities ...$ 24.114 97
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 8,708 27
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 2,325 00
Received for surplus, as per entrance
statement 100,000 00
Total income .$106.123 27
EXPENDITURES. .
I Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage $305 64
! Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
! charges for officer?, clerks, etc 4,072 72
' Paid for State, National, and local
taxes 39 63
All other payments and expenditures.. 12,777 22
Total Expenditures $17,795 27
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $2,336 93
i Risks and Premiums. 'Fire Risks. (Premium*. )
j Net amount of Risks
written during the
| year $3,589,585 $30,311 11
! Net amount of Risks
I expired during the .
year. ' 248,050 1.99181
Net amount in force
December 31. IS9S 3.124.723 26.464 08
F. G. VOSS. Vice Pres.
J. M. SMITH. Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 26th
day of January, 1899.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California-
VOSS, CONRAD & CO,
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
frankfortlmerican
FRANKFORT AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up in
cash l: $300,000 Op
ASSETS. ~
Cash market value of all stocks and -
bonds owned by Company $305 024 S9
Cash in banks V 34 365 75
Interest due and accrued on all stocks
and leans 2 3SI 90
Premiums in due course of collection.. 4,655 35
Total assets ...$366,.t27 39
LIABILITIES. — — —
Losses In process of adjustment or In
suspense $845 CO
Gross premiums on risks running one
year or less; re-insurance 50 per cent 7,210 01
Total liabilities ..."wan
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $7 780 20
Received for Interest and dividends on '
bonds stocks, loans, and from other
sources 6,203 54
Total income ....'512.983 84
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for losses (including
losses of previous years) $79 ga
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 191*61
Paid for salaries, fees, and other ' '
charges for officers, clerks, etc 2 70S n
Paid for State, national and local '
taxes ••.••••••.....-...,......... 616 81
All other payments and expenditures". '. 7,271 03
Total expenditures. $13,593 70
T^-r, m nml' G - VOSS . Vice President.
JNO. M. SMITH. ABst. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 26th
day of January, 1899.
__ , , EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California in New York.
VOSS, CONRAD & CO.
General Managers, 208 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
MAKE PERFECT MEM
aliO SOT DESPAIR ! Do notSuf.
fer Longer! The joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cusis of Xcrvou* Debility ar»
absolutely cured by PEttl'FrTO
TABLETS. Give prompt reliff to in-
somnia, failing memory and the waste
and dram of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early year*
Impart vigor and potency to every funo-
tion. Brace up the system. Give bloom to tho
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /^-S^ rounir or old
One 6oc box renews vital energy Ml |Jc boxes at
$2.Bpacomplete guaranteed or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vent Va**^ pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vice by THE PKHFECTO CO.. Carlo, tod-", Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 6. F. and Oakland.
Weekly CaU,sl.oo per Year
■■■<. • , ' ' :-- ■■■■ * *©55 JJellowa of Califet niu
/^^ IT TT A- /^^ IT *fiW IT Y~
Thousands Swarm Into Me
chanics' Pavilion to Participate
in the Opening Exercises of the
Three Days of Festivity.
g-, -13 HOUS ANDS of enthusiastic Odd
Fellow? swarmed Into Mechanics'
Pavilion last night to participate
l> In the opening exercises of the
grand celebration of the g
•he order in California. Their
the Rebekah lodges were there
their full share In making
• > be remem bored ad
new epoch In Odd Fellowship
In th:> State and on the Pacific I
The members of the Grand Encampment
and of the Grand Lodge had completed
work and those bodies had ad
journed, so that all were free to celebrate
to their hearts content.
The interior of the great building was
decorated from floor to ceiling with the
colors of the subordinate and grand
lodges and of the encampment, tastefully
arranged along the rafters and gallery
railings and entwined around the sup
porting pillars. Each branch of the or
der had its distinctive badge and color.
The subordinate lodges were represented
by streamers and banners of red and
•white, the Grand Encampment and Pa
triarchs Militant by purple and the Re
bekahs by Nile green and pink. The
American flag and Orange streamers
were conspicuous everywhere and told of
the jubilee of Odd Fellowship that was
being celebrated. Banners represented
the different districts. Long streamers
festooned from the center of the roof to
the balconies made a very pretty effect,
which was enhanced by dozens of imita
tion palm trees arranged along the gal
lery railing.
The stage, on which were seated the
executive committee, band and the choir.
had been erected at the east end of the
Pavilion, and the chairs for the guests
filled the entire floor, with the exception
of the space allotted to the booths and to
the promenaders. The only unfortunate
feature of the arrangement was the utter
inability ot those occupying seats at a
distance from the stage to hear a word
of the speeches or the songs. But they
could tell when those in front of them
applauded; and in order to be in the swim
they joined in.
The programme was elaborate and well
arranged. It consisted of speeches and
music, both vocal and instrumental. The
speakers, with the exception of Mayor
I'helan, who made a brief address-wel
coming the Odd Fellows to San Francisco,
were aJI members of the order, and as
was to be expected in view of the occa
sion their remarks were confined to Odd
Fellowship, Its past, present and future
in the United States and in California in
particular.
The musical part of the exercises was
an especially pleasing feature, and the
choir and soloists were repeatedly en
cored.
Rut while there were several thousand
seated in the audience there were other
ihousands who strolled about the build
ing admiring the booths and visiting. The
celebration will continue to-day and to
morrow, closing with a grand ball in the
Pavilion Friday night, the exercises last
night being but the opening of the fes
tivities.
March to the Stage.
To the music of an "American Fanta
sle" the executive committee marched
from ■' ■■ reception rooms at the east end
of tho Pavilion to the stage at the far
west ond. This was the signal for the en
tertainment of the evening to begin.
On tho stage wore the following mem
bers of the executive committee:
H. s Jones, president: v.' A. B nyn^e, Karl
C. Rrueck. James W. Harris, General C. C.
Sherman llrs. Helen M Carpenter. Mrs. Dell \
C. Savage, vice presidents; V. B. G. Clifford.
secretary; Henrse T. Shaw, treasurer; chair- <
men of Fiih-rirnmitteep, E. W S?hrader. car- •
r!.i"«: Louis O. Sohoril, decorations; M. T. j
M .sos. ?x Tclsf-s; F. A. Week, excursion; W. |
PEERLESS
OIL
COMPANY
A few of the first block of 1000 nhares
yet remain unsold. Price,
$1 per share.
•Capital stock 100.000 sharps
}iir value $10 00 per share
Only a few days* rilling will reach
the first stratum of 11 sand, when the
stuck will readily sell at par.
This company's property consists of 160
acre* of patented land In the very center
of the famous
Kern River District,
Midway hftween the ELWOOD WELL
and the THJBETTS WELL (both pro-
ducer.'), ana it is surrr.uiidod by wells
in various sta^'-c of development
A CLOSE INVESTIGATION 'is IN-
VITEK
A contract for rlnk'ng Is about to be
let an<l a strike of oil may be expected
at 220 to 2r,0 feet depth.
OFFICE-Room 47, Eighth Floor,
Mills Building.
T. Galloway, ftr.ar.re; .T. H. GUmore. halls:
L. L. Remy. hotels; Loull Kr^*n, tnforma
■ • H. F." Schllchtlng .Ir.. music; Frank D.
Worth, parade: William H. Barn*!". pr*ss:
J hn Morton, printing; H. L» Curtis, prizes;
W A. B. Nicholson, reception: H. S. Winti.
bi avtrn . H Morrison, souvenir
John A. Foster, subscriptions; William
H. names, transportation; H. O. Bower, mllt
tary display.
Past Grand Master Morris M. Estev. Mayor
helan. Past Grand Patriarch Reid.
Past Grand Master Warbojn Past Grand
Master Drew, ! rand Master W. W.
•■: Frank Jackson of Sacramento, A. O.
Carpenter of T'k-.ah. H G. Curtis. Past Grand
Patriarch Poran, Past Grand Patriarch General
I Crosett, Past Grand Representative Waxren
, Heaton, Grand Representative Erlewlne of
imento, fr'npt Grand Master and Past
Grand Representative C. N. Fox. Grand Truff
•■. Past <jr;i- b and I'aj?t
Grand Representative S. M. s::jith o!
■ inento, president me at Thermalito;
Grand Warden William N - Jr : Dutch
, Flat; P'a.-t Grand George T B hen, <"». X. . Past
Gran: Repi ■ Rev.
Dr. E. R Dllle, Grand Trustee J P. Nichols,
Fast Grand Patlian h and Past Grand Repre
sentative a. R. Lord of Nevada City. l'H^t
Grand Master C T M :Eachran of St. Helena,
: Past Grand Patriarch L W. S. Downs, A. W.
Grand Representative James 1.
--ced, M Greenebaum, Grand Patriar«*h
Joper:. F itei • sai : ego, Past Gran.! Pa
i triarrh C. W. Savage, • rand Master W.
i J. Gurnett, Past Grand Patriarch I. W. Hays,
Mr?. Hoxett of Gllroy, Mr?. Wyckoff, Mr?.
i Allen of Banta Rosa, Mrs. Moreland; Mrs. H.
M Carpenter of Tkiah. president of the Call
i fornla Assembly of the R»t"?kahs: Mrs. Mary
1 F. i>i.nr.ii,rf> r secretary of the California As
sembly; Mr?. Sfary A. Hawley of the Veteran
Rer..ekahs. Mrs. Mitchell; Mrs. Mary A. Leese,
treasurer of the California Assembly; Past
President Miss Farm!» lienjamln of the Cali
fornia Assembly, Los Angeles, and Mrs.
Marion M. Greenwood, past president of the
i California Assembly,
The committee was somewhat behind
schedule time and the Interlude
cupied by the Golden (Sate Park band
with a number of musical selections,
which were loudly applairded. At 8:4
band began the overture to "Orpheus and
Eurydice," the first number on the pro
gramme. Hardly had the last strains of
the music floated through the hall, when
M. T. Hoses, chairman of committees,
aruee to welcome the members and guests.
Welcome by Chairman Moses.
•'All I -hall do," he said, "is to call this
vast meeting to order. 1 will not under
take to tell you of <><!d Fellowship, with
all the trials and tribulations of its ex
istence since Its Inception in this State.
All 1 ask is your attention to the exer
cises, an. i I sljall now Introduce K<-\\ E.
H. IMllr, the grand chaplain ol the order."
Rev. l>r. Dille, with much feeling spoke of
the £"ihl of the order and prayed for the
benediction of God upon Odd Fellowship.
A part song followed, six male and six
female voices. " 'Tte Thy Wedding Morn-
Ing" was the first song rendered and it
called for an encore. The singers wen
Sopranos Miss Mattle D. whittington,
Miss Mabel < '. Perkins, Miss Anson nil- :
inn; contraltos Miss Pearl whittiiiKton.
Miss Ethel Perkins, Mrs. Addle s. McClu
nie; tenon ll Williams, C. M. Elliott,
Itr. 11. D. Noble; bassoa I 1 B. Crane, L.
a Larsen, Anson Hilton.
Grand President's Address.
| W. A. Bonynge, grand master of Cali
fornia, wan introduced by the chairman
a* tho {real Odd Fellow of the sunny
south. His addresa was upon the theme
1 "Odd Fellowship: Us Alms and Attain
ment*.' Mr, Bonynge traced the history
of Odd Fellowship in the United States
from [the earliest days to the present
times. Ho Moid In part:
"Sisters and Brethren of the Independ
ent Order of Odd Fellows and friends—
The origin of Odd Fellowship Is shrouded
In mystery. The first efforts of Odd Fel
lowship were hardly recorded. Some have
gone as far back as Adam In their efforts
to prove Its antiquity; some have gone
back to the Pharoahs. some to Moses and
some to the Roman camps In the time of
'Nero, but not until 1788 did Odd Fellow
ship come out of the clouds of tradition
and Into the light of history. From that
time on we have record* of Its history.
In America we have 9 word showing
that its beginning In thin Country was In
1802 In 1819 we find the organization of
Washington I>od«o In Boston and soon
after Franklin Lodge In i'nlladelpnla.
What Odd Fellowship Teaches.
"Odd Fellowship teaches US fraternity;
; it teaches up to take an Interest in the
affair? of pur fellow men, to relieve the
sick, educate the orphan and care for the
widow, and this It has been doing for
fifty years. In California. It warms his
heart for hie follow men. turns him Into
I the right path when ho has strayed. When
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
sickness Is upon him It smooths the pil
j low and relieves him in want. The little
' ones, the motherless, are cared for. It
takes til *c upon whom adversity has
come, clothes them and frees them from
suffering:. It la not only the sick, the dis
tressed, the orphan or the widow that re
:e< Ivi s the bi neflta f I >dd Fellowship. The
double blessing of giving and receiving
is exemplified In Odd Fellowship."
The Mayor's Greeting.
Mayor Phelan was then presented and
said:
"It is a great honor for me to extend a ,
greeting to Odd Fellows. San Francisco i
is i'nmpllment«Hl by your presence. We
aspire to be a metropolis, and whenever
a tr< neral convocation of Californians is
held we feel proud to have this city se
lected as the meeting place.
"This Is a historic year. It Is fifty years
\ after tho discovery of gold which gave
! birth to this State, as well as to the order
!of Odd Follows. Fifty years is a very
I small time when we measure the life of
| nations, hut how much it means for us! It
I is but two generations of men and there
are many here to-night who have seen
this State grow from its earliest start and
i also this ord< r spring from its first be
ginning and swell to its present greatness.
j The men who came in early days estab
; lishod fraternal organizations. They came
I here to fight for a living, but no sooner
; had they settled fn this country than they
turned their minis to the organization of
fraternal orders and It wa.« n^t long after
1 the influx of immigrants that the order
Odd Fellows' Celebration in Mechanics' Pavilion.
of ( >dd Fellows was represented by a
lodge hf-re."
Mayor Phelan closed with a tribute to
the order in its great work of charity and
love.
Following the Mayor's address Miss
Flynn sang Tolstoi's "Invano." Her
Ptronp, rich soprano voice carried far
down the Pavilion and won an t-nthuslas
tic applause, which resulted in an
encore.
An Original Poem.
Robert H. Taylor, first noble grand of
California Lodge No. 1, read an original
poem. Its theme was the early struggles
of the settlers, their sufferings arid their
iimbitions and the first plantings of < >'ld
!"• llowship in California. The author was
was i ne of the very lirst members of the
order in California and has been actively
ld( ntified with its progress. The closing
stanza of the poem Is as follows:
Forever may the noble Order live,
K»-.;lns in a^e the vi(?or of its youth.
While c .m!r.K cycles shall new luster give
The golden links of "Friendship, Love and
Truth!"
Odd Fellowship in California.
"OM FVllowship in ralifornia. Its Prog
ress and Development" was the subject of
Morris M. Estee's address. He said in
part:
"Odd Fellowßhlp is a progressive insti
tution, gruwin? with the State. When it
crossed the continent fifty years ago it
moved as a part of our civilization and a
part of our government. It teaches us to
do unto others as we would have them do
unto us. It teaches the people expansion
of the mind and the soul. That is the in
itiation of Odd Fellowship."
Mr. Estee concluded here amid the ap
plause of all. Another song by Miss
Flynn and the concluding address of the
evening followed-
Karl C. IJrueck. P. G. M. and G. R..
spoke of "California Odd Fellowship Now
and Henceforth." He said:
•I inward has been the battle cry of the
order and in the lists of battle fields, in
th'- friendly conquests of the order, none
Is fairer than the name of California. This
has become the land «r our heritage.
While Odd Fellowship always Invites pe
rusal of its history, what should enlist
your attention is what It will do to-mor
row. It is a great Institution. a live reality.
"The members of the Independent Or
der of Odd Fellows never felt toward one
another but as brothers. Brothers were
we in the days of '61. when the Civil Wari
hurled the nation in civil strife, and!
brothers are we now and brothers will we!
always be. The Odd Fellows' symbol of|
three links, "Love, Friendship ar.dl
Truth," tell what Odd Fellowship is. No|
matter what the differences of opinion!
men have when they come within tht: or J
der they lay aside their differences and
become harmonious members of the grand
order.
"Wo are standing on the threshold of
the future. To tell what our future will
be Is to predicate upon the successes of
the past. The opposition which retarded
our progress formerly is waning and will
pass altogether. The church is beginning
to see that we are not so bad and the
eyes of the laboring masses will see that
we are working for the good of all. The
future will demand a higher standard of
manhood. In order to attain Its highest
state it must demand a purity in busi
ness life, public life, political life and
home life."
The concluding number on the pro
gramme was a part song, "Forty-nine,"
the words by Joaquin Miller, the music
by Leila France, rendered by the choir.
Band Concert.
From the conclusion of the exercises till
midnight there was a grand instrumental
concert, during which the Golden Gate
Park Band rendered*
Oveture, "Z*unpa" HeroM
Waltz. "Wizard of the Nile" H
■n, "H Trovatore" Verdi
Patrol, "The Hlue and Gray" |
Minuet Pader>*w?k:
Medley of late popular songs with Xylo
phone »•■!•> Bntham
"Tannhauser" prand march Wagner
Paraphrase "Home. Sweet Home" NVh!
The reception committee, which bore
the brunt of the work In making the en
tertainment such a complete success, is:
\V. A. S. Nicholson (chairman), J J. Apple
gate (secretary), A. W. Williams. George Uni
corn. F. Hock, D. A Hagens, A. D. Cheshire,
H. W. QultZOW, William 1). Williams. J. W.
(hurrh. S. Regenpburger, F. Toklas, George
H. Wilson. Thomas K. Knse. George Obram,
F. V. Morreli. A. H. Wehser, A. Wepner, H.
M. D. Meyer, C. F. Ou-r, A. J. Doyle, J. A.
Wells, Gecrge C. Crowell, A. Hovey, J. Conk
lin, W. H. Wessling, W. J. Black. Frank
Ii r^e. j. h. Foster, M Neuman. M.l> . A.
Jacbt. F. Hufschtnldt, E. C Hare W T.
Sevler, C. H. Derosier, H. O. Brower. F. P.
Duley, J. F. Breckwoldt. James D. Davies,
Ralph J. Schirman. M.D., \V \ Notts
|T. N. Clough. W. •;. M I bben, A. H. ■■.•u.sins;
E. r>ryselius, N. R. Doollttie, Joseph Schmidt
F. B. <Voorhles, W. B. Hibbett, Henrj
B, Martin. K. Daucht>r. J. Brun, Jp.nit-s
Lawrence, .T->hn Greenlees, D, v.
Clarkson D>e, I>. Canepa, G. M
Martin Coleman. Oeorge R. Meyerderks. Miss
Sarah Harris. Miss Pauline Harris. M -
McDonald, Mrs. J. H Wehser, Mrs M Ho
meyer. Mrs. C. Anderson, Mrs. C Petersen
Mrs. I>. Steele. Mrs. M McLane, Mrs 1! c!
Edwards, Miss Adelaide Brown Mis? Minnie
M. Dowle. Mrs. Hattie Daley, 'Mrs. Lela M
Z'legler. Miss Lucy M. Quint. Vn. Miss Gertrude
Wimmer. Miss Minnie Van Doren Mrs F
M. Cyrus. Miss Florence Walcom, A H Now'
ell, H. F. Schlichtins Sr.. William T. Beck
Mrs. Sophie H. Forbes, Mrs. Sarah Kleiss
Mrs. Allie. Parker. Miss Oussie Hi. ..per Mfsa
Amy Webb. Mrs Llilie Meredith ' Miss
Gerrgina Hencken, Miss Bertha Specht Mis;
little Bartholrt. Miss Uprtha Shultze' Mrta
Emma Ranun Miss F. 1.. Pinr-iair. Mrs.' Laura
M. Lowrie, Miss P. c. Burkhardt, Miss Rena
J. Crawford, Miss Lulu P.. H. Icr.mh Mrs \
W. Turpln, Mrs M. E. ICcColliSter.
Booths Prettily Decorated.
The booths, which occupy the entire
south side of the Pavilion on the main
floor and considerable space in the great
gallery, attracted hundreds of visitors,
I who commented with enthusiasm on the
beauty of the decorations and the ta--*e
displayed in their arrang. rm nt. In the
south gallery the competitive plans for
the new University of California buiidJcga
were on exhibition, having been secured
through the kindness of Mrs. Hearst and
the visiting Odd Fellows and Rebe'kans
were lavish In their praises of them
The booths, which were used as recep
tion headquarters by the several districts
were brilliantly illuminated. Kaeh wae
in charge of a committee, who extended a.
cordial welcome to visitors, ladies of the
Rebekah lodges assisting in this pleasant
duty.
The general reception booth and regis
tration bureau is in charge of Miss Amy
Webb and Mr. Doolittle.
The booth of District No. 55 is in charge
of the following ladies of Mission Ke
bekah Lodue: Mrs. W. W. Barnes, noble
grand; Miss Parthenia Burkhardt, vice
grand; Mrs. E. Anderson, Mra. F. Ash
worth, Mrs. H. J.. Lnrimeer. Miss Lucy
I Qulnton and Mrs. Sarah Crawford.
The booth of Alameda County, pretty ;n
blue and orange, set off with tastefully
draped lace curtains, is in charge of Mrs.
T. A. Petersen and Mrs. Cook.
The booth of district 68 is arranged as a
lodgeroom and is one of the most attrac
tive in the Pavilion. The front lv orna
mented with the various emblems of the
i rder. It i£ In charge of L. Kragen of
Golden Gate Lodge, A. Christensen of
Fidelity Lodgo. J. Weinhart of the same
lodge. Mr. McCloud of Occidental and M.
Leary of Spartan Lodge.
Ope of tho booths is occupied by the
French and the German lodges, which
make ud districts 2 and 68. It is taste
fully decorated with evergreens, flowers,
pictures, and is in charge of L. Pleger
and G. Molunes of Harmony Lodge, M.
Belau and E. Arendt of Concordia Lodge.
C. Ruber and C. Trautner of Germania
Lodge. E. Kruger and H. A. Brackerd of
Herman Lodse, J. Ludemann and George
\Y> z of Walhalla Encampment and L.
Lambla. J. F. Gode, J. Tryor and F.
Ouchler of Franco-Americalne Lodge.
■ lodges had as special guests the en
tire membership of Walhalla Rebekah
Lodge. The prevailing colors were pur
ple, white and red.
Rebekah's Homelike Parlor.
An exceedingly pretty booth is that of
the Rehekahs, which has been elegantly
fitted up as a parlor with all the comforts
f home. The colors used in its decora
ire those of the order, pink and nile
;roen. It Is in charge of Mrs. Hattie
Duley and Mrs. S. M. Thomson of Amity
Lodge. Mrs. John Edwards and Mrs. J.
W. Perry of Templar Lodge, Mrs. Mc-
Donald and Mrs. Franklin of California.
! Miss Ruby A. Jewell and Miss M. J. Bell
i of Loyal Lodge and Miss Morgan. Mrs.
Kalise and Captain Allie Parker of Drill
Corps No. 2, all of Oriental Lodge.
District No. 1 has a booth at the ex
treme end of the line on the main floor
which is a gem. It is used for a reception
parlor and is in the form of an inn
with an old-fashioned tavern sign on the
corner, and Is most tastefully arranged
in the interior. Adjoining is a small gar
den in which there are a number of chairs
and tables, and there the committee, of
which S. K. Jacob?, past grand of San
Francisco Lodge, is chairman, dispenses
lemonade to the visitors.
District No. 103, decorated in yellow and
blue, is in charge of C. Shenfeldt of Par
ker Lodge, Mr. Fenn of Western Addition
Lodge, Mr. Harding of Morse Lodge and
F. Fisher of Presidio Lodge.
During the promenade concert each of
these booths were thronged with visitors,
and after the exercises those who com
posed the great audience took occasion
to pay their respects to the committee
In charge.
Grand Encampment Adjourns.
At the session of the Grand Encamp
ment yesterday the business of the session
was wound up and the grand body ad
journed at 5 o'clock.
The reports of the grand officers, hav
ing been considered, were all adopted.
The invitation of Shasta Encampment
No. 14 to hold the encampment of 1900 In
Redding was accepted. In its offer the
encampment had the following:
We have a $20,000 Odd Fellows' Temple and
a large opera-house in which you can assemble
and be entertained. Two beautiful parks in
the city limits will be at the disposal of our
cantons. Good hotels galore. An October cli
mate equal If not superior to that of Italy
or any other of earth's most favored spots.
Great mountains, rich mines, mammoth smel
ters, enterprising citizens, good neighbors,
warm hearts an.! hospitable, faithful Odd Fel
lows, all eager and anxious to greet you.
We will place $500 in cash In the hands of
the grand encampment committee for prizes,
also Will give other prizes that will be highly
appreciated as souvenirs of your visit among
our people. We promise you a visit to the
great Mountain Copper Company's smelters
and mines, where a plant costing nearly
$3,000,000 gives employment to thousands of
honest toilers. A trip can be made up the
Grand Canyon of the Sacramento.
We will leave nothing undone to merit your
approval and contribute to your pleasure and
to enhance the progress of Odd Fellowship.
For the good of the order your grand body
should hold its session in 1900 In Northern Cali
fornia, and Shasta County's great mineral out
put and Reddlng's rapid strides toward being
the "San Francisco < f Northern California"
entitle us to your visit.
Per Capita Tax.
The per capita tax was fixed at 55 cents
for the current year. The mileage tax
was fixed at 30 cents. .
The election of officers for the current
term resulted as predicted in The Call of
yesterday, except as to George W. Le
mont for grand treasurer, an office he
filled honor.iDly for a number of years. In
consequence of illness he was forced to
decline a renomlnation. Henry C. George
of Golden Gate Encampment was elected
to the ofPce. The only contest was for the
office of grand junior warden. The prize
went to A. C. Bates of San Jose. The new
officers are: Joseph Foster of San Diego,
grand patriarch; K. D. Gummoe of Grass
Valley, grand high priest; C. H. Weaver
of Alameda. grand senior warden; A. C,
Bates of San Jose, grand junior warden;
W H. Barnes of San Francisco, grand
scribe; H. C. George of San Francisco,
grand treasurer; H. S. Winn. F. A.
Week and W. S. Potter, grand trustees.
The grand patriarch then named the
following appointive officers: James Ash
man of I.os Angeles, grand marshal: M.
P. Rose of Redding, grand sentinel; Hexe
kif.h Dow of San Francisco, deputy grand
sentinel.
The officers were then installed by Past
Grand Patriarch Harris.
The rotirin* past patriarch, who during
his term prov 1 himself ;i most sealous
and energetic worker, v is presented a
magnificent Jewel by the Grand Encamp
ment, the presentation on behalf of that
body being made by Grand Representative
A. S. Ward. Th-n followed
dresses by Grand Patriarch Foster, Grand
High Priest Gommoe Grand Senior War
den w . per, Grand Scribe Barnes Grand
Treasurer George, Past Grand Master I
1.. Alexander. t : Ing past grand
master, and George H. Morrison, past
grand master of Nevada. The exand body
was so pleased with the address*
Messrs. Barnes, Alexander and Morrison
that it ordered them printed in full in th->
proceedings.
Then followed adjournment in due form.
Yesterday afternoon the standing com
mittee of the Grand T.odce. <>n motion of
Grand Trustee Nichols, advanced William
W. Wat=nn. gra-id warden, to th^ nfllw of
deputy erand master, to fill tho vacancy
caused by the death of J. L. Robli
and on motion of the same errand officer
William Nlcholls Jr. of Dutch Flat uv
elected to fill the vacancy caused by the
promotion of Mr. Watson.
There was a irrcu influx of vi=itinsr Odd
Fellows and th<»ir families during the
day. A delegation of 3ivi came from Sa -
ramento County, tortorhor wirh the can
t^>n of Patriarchs Militant of Sacramento
City and a hand. Amoner the visitors
from that place were Pn=t Grand Pa
triarch Krlewine and S. R. Pmith. presi
dent of the home at Thermalito. There
were delegations from San Jose, Vallejo
and other points. Tt was calculated that
there were not less than 2<\'>"'O strangers
in the city last ni^ht.
Tn the eveninc the Odd Fellows' build
lne at Marker and Seventh streets was
brilliantly Illuminated with electric light
and was much admired.
GRAND PARADE SET
FOR THIS MORNING
Odd Fellows from every part of thp [
State will form in line this morning in one i
of the longest processions ever planned In
this city. M. M. Estee will be grand mar- |
shal and J. Hairy Scott chief of staff.
The line of march will be as follows,
and the parade will move promptly at 11
o'clock:
From Odd Fellows' Hall. Seventh and Market
streets: down Market to Montgomery, to Bush, ;
to Kearny. to Market, to Van Ness avenue.
to Kills, countermarching on Van Ness avenue,
to Market, to Seventh street, passing the re- :
viewing officer, and then dismiss.
The procession will consist of an escort and j
ten divisions composed of the following:
Platoon of police; Grand Marshal and Chief ;
of Staff: Aids to the Grand Marshal; General
C. C Sherman and Staff; Cantons of Pa- i
triarchs Militant; Rebekah Drill Corps of Cali- i
fornia; Rebekah Aids (24) In elegant riding I
costumes; Rebekah Assembly Officers; Re- j
bekah Lodges of California; Grand Encamp- |
ment Officers: Grand Encampment of Call- j
fornia; Subordinate Encampments of Cali
fornia: Governor of California an*! Staff; Other
State Officers: Grand Of fleers Of Grand Lodge. j
I. O. O. F.. of California; Past Grand Masters.-
I. O. O. F.. of California: Veteran Odd Fel
lows: Veteran Rebekah Association: Mayor of i
San Francisco: Other Municipal Officers of San
Francisco: Aged Odd Fellows from I. O. O. F.
Home, Thermalito. Cal.; Trustees of I. O. O.
F. Home: Orphans from I. O. O. F. Home,
Gilroy, Cal.: Trustees of I. O. O. F. Orphans'
Home; Relief Committees. I. O. O. F. : Em
ployment Bureau, I. O. O. F ; Subordinate !
Lodges. I. O. O. P., of California.
A feature of the procession will be the |
floats, the most elaborate of which will i
be: j
"Orphans' Home," "Relief Committee," "Re
bekah at th» Well." "The Covenant Between
Jonathan and David," 'The Trial of Abra
ham's Faith," "San Francisco's Welcome to
the Odd Fellows."
This evening there will be prize drills
in the Pavilion by the various cantons of i
the Patriarchs Militant and the Rebekah :
drill corps.
GRAND CHAPTER OF
THE EASTERN STAR
The second session of the Grand Chapter
of the Order of the Eastern Star was
largely attended yesterday, and there was
a great deal of interest taken in the pro
ceedings. Tho reports presented the
previous day were considered, and one
question that occupied a great deal *f at
81 / It may be of interest to
J^ / you to know that our tailor- j
\ j>S%*j/ ing department is getting 1
< \Tt^f? more P°P u ' ar ever V day — the ;
■vi^jfe* orders are rapidly multiplying. |
4s£i*
'jSp This must be due to two things
/!? — the values we give and the pro- \
fl* tection for you that goes with them. \
£1 Our year's repairing guarantee seems to \
J' give people faith in our clothes. !
[V If money is an object to you when you
mi buy tailor-made clothes, suppose you get \
jr some samples of these $io suits, and order j
§ one that pleases you — no doubt about the \
\ pleasure being as long lived as the suit. j
I S.N.WOOD&CO.,
718 Market St. and Cor. Powell and Eddy.
sHfIfiBHuKSKSOHHHRfIBi HfIBHSMEBHI
tention and provoked a lengthy discussion
was the one to the effect that the worthy
grand matron, and not the worthy grand
patron, should preside at the sessions of
the Grand Chapter. It was decided that
the grand matron shall preside.
There were presented the reports of the
grand secretary and the grand treasurer.
and they were referred to the committee
on finance.
Mrs. Mary E. Partridge, re presorting
the Grand Chapters of Oregon. Minnesota.
lowa, Maine, New York, Texas South
Dakota. Rhode (stand. Michigan. Illinois
and the District of Columbia; Mr?. Maria
A. Pierce, representing Indiana. Nebras
ka ami Vermont; Mrs. Eva M. Porter,
New Jersey; Mrs. Kate J. Wiliats. Mon
tana and Colorado, and Mrs. Ella T. Hall.
Ohio, were presented to the grand body
and received with the honor due repre
sentatives of foreign chapters.
Charters were granted to the following
chapters which were under dispensation:
Martha Washington, at Visafia; Iphi
genia. at Eureka, Nev.; Los Angeles, at
Los Angeles; Century, San Francisco;
Olive Branch. San Francisco; Carnation.
Redlands; Long Roach, at Long Beach,
and Harbor, at San Pedro.
Mrs. Alma E. Keith sent to the Grand
Chapter a large floral cross in memory of
her parents.
On Saturday the grand body will pay a
visit to the Widows' and Orphans' Home
at Decoto.
FORESTERS FAVOR
RETRENCHMENT
Session of High Court
at Fresno.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Oct. 18.— The annual session
of thf- lli^h Court, of Independent Forest
ers, which opened in this city yesterday,
reconvened at l n o'clock this morning.
The chief topic considered during the day
was the report of the finance committee.
When the report of the high secretary
was taken up for discussion this morning
it was evident that there would be a dis
agreement. In it were embraced ques
tions which had divided the court into two
evenly matched factions. The one was
composed of the rural delegates, who
stood for economy and retrenchment, and
the other of the city delegates, for the
most part professional men. who were in
favor of liberal salaries. Both sides were
generated by able leaders, ex-Clerk Duck
worth of the Assembly and Representa
tive Peery of San Francisco championing
the cause of the city delegates and As
semblymen Fairweather and Michael
Deckman being among the speakers for
the rural opposition.
It was understood from the commence
ment of the session that the fight would
be precipitated by the report of the fin
ance committee appointed by the chief
ranger and controlled by the urban fac
tion. When tl"^ report of the high secre
tary was taken up the report of the com
mittee was called for, but the reading of
it was postponed until the afternoon ses
sion and the rival forces had two hours
: in which to prepare tor the fight.
When the court reconvened at 2 o'clock
the report was read by Chairman C. B.
Dickson. The committee recommended
that the salaries remain the same as tixe.l
by the High court last year, when the
compensation of the high chief ranger
was raised from $1500 to (2000, exclusive of
traveling and other expenses, and that of
the high secretary from $1'") to $125 a
month. This brought on the fight. A mo
tion to adopt the recommendations was
made ami seconded. Michael Deckman
was on his teet in an. instant and was
greeted with applause from the country
delegates when he moved to amend by
making the salary of the chief ranger
Instead of $2000. Deckman's arasnd
ment was the signal for the outbreak of
hosuiities. Chief Ranger McßTfresh.
whose sympathies were with the city dele
gates, favored free discussion and did not
limit the speakers. The rest of the after
noon was sjient in oratory and at times
the discussions became intensely interest
ing.
It was 5 o'clock before a test vote was
taken on the amendment and when the
ballots were counted it was found that the
amendment had carried by a majority of
four votes. The rural delegates had won
and the court adjourned for the day be
fore the original motion was put.
The compensation of delegates to the
High Court was fixed at 4 cents a mile
and $2 a day, instead of 7 cents a mile as
heretofore.
To-morrow morning the fight will be re
sumed, when the fixing of the high secre
tary's salary comes up. The factions will
also, in all probability, divide when it
comes to the election of officers this morn
ing The probabilities are that McEl
fresn's prestige will overcome the de
feat of his faction on the salary question,
and that he will be re-elected. High
Chief Secretary Perry will also be given
another term, but the offices of high audi
tor and high treasurer will in all likeli
hood be filled by new men.
34
ADVISED CRUELTY TO
SPANISH PRISONERS
Barbarous Suggestion in an Alleged
Letter by Consul Wildtnan to
the Filipinos.
MAN II \. Oct. T— The Consuls in Ma
nila have received 'rom Tarlac, whore
it is believed Agulnaldo is. a
ndem •• between him
- ommanders and < !on
i:i which contended In Ms
ecognition, the Flll
-j find the ba; for elr assertion
< ; ivernment i
\ •T-.'ltrr.v and promised
(hem
• c members
. | ■ d con
meni bj Sei or Bue.n
led i 'abin. I f Agui
>, and alleged letters written by
Wildi : at Hong
aldo In June and July of
■ year. I; has made a sensation i
Spaniards her.'.
Replying I |vest that
would ' >r the
ment of I in prisoners to
Hongkong . >f the
.. Mr. Wild
man wrote:
•'Never mind feeding them. A meal
every day, and. of course, water,
would be a diet. They have been
living too high during the last few
years. As the Spaniards want more
bloodshed in the Philippines I trust
you will let them have a taste cf real
war. Do not be sc tender with them.
Handle them as they would treat
you."
Mr. Wildman's letters deal largely with
::-. The \
■ alns no promises
■ i let
frore Admiral Dewey and General
sses for A meri
• : others (•> visit FUlpina
territory, and tter from General
Andersort, asking "you :m'<l y^iir people
rate with us In military
■ against t!i.' Si
INSURGENTS PUNISH
TRAITOROUS SPANIARDS
MANILA; Oct. IS.-^-Ten former Spanish
soldiers, who were captured by the Fili
pinos and for a time acted as officers and
member? of a Filipino artillery r>'i>lmer.t
located in the vicinity of Santa Rosa, in
the Laspina de Bay district, determined
to surrender the • tilery to the Ameri
cans. The plot was discovered by the
Filipinos, who killed seven of the con
spirators, the other three escaping to
Manila.
It appears that when the surrender was
agreed on the Spaniards delegated one of
their number to proceed to Manila and to
propose to,General;Otls to surrender after
a prearranged mock battle, about twelve
pieces, including K.rupp and Nordenfeldt
rapid-fire guns well supplied with ammu
nition from the I.lpa powder factory, in
exchange for certain sums to be paid the
Spaniards, who were to be pardoned for
carrying arms apainst the Americans and
to be transported to Spain;
The delc^a'e left Santa Rosa and, ac
companied by three Filipinos, entered the
American lines at Cnla'rabo. The Filipinos
did not proceed far. deciding to await his
return at a given time. As the delegate
was detained in Manila lorsTer than they
had expected, they grew suspicious and
returned to Santa Rosa.
The plot was then revealed and the re
maining 1 Spaniards were attacked. The
punboat Nnnidan, coasting near Santa
Rosa, perceived two men on the beach
hurriedly embarking in a canoe, and,
pushing out toward them, took them on
board. They reported that the Filipinos,
on discovering the plot to surrender the
artillery, had cut the throats of seven of
their Spanish companion? anil that they
themselves had barely escaped with their
lives.
The threp Spnninrds are now hiding in
Manila: fearing Filipino vengeance. Gen
era! Otis had declined their offer through
the delegate to surrender the artillery for
money, but he promises to send the three
to Spain.
SEEMING TREACHERY
ON DEL PILAR'S PART
- , r ,-.
--•
( i del T'il.ir
•:e: to sell
into ■ • ■
• - ■• . • I this offer
im
ij Ing any
--- to re
g Manila with )i\<
arm;. fers t<>
t;n battle,
boi h ng in the aii ■ the
sum ■ 5 w iil proem
■
linaldo, F'aterno and
irse of tin- com
to Agulna
■
■
Reports are being received from the
districts occupied by the enemy which
state that Tin del Pilar has an audacious
plan to break through the American lin-^
Into Manila and to poize General Otis and
th»> Archbishop. Possibly these rumors
were started with an idea of helping him
to make a doa! Vith the Americans. It
Is needless to pay that the Americans
would welcome an attack of that sort
There has ber>n much speculation of late
rceanMnK tho hereabouts of Pio del
pn.-sr. The recent attack at I^a Loma Is
credited to his men. It is believed that he
Is now in the vicinity of San Mateo Val
ley with a farce of from IS'W to 3000 men
CAUSE OF THE TARTAR'S
DELAY AT HONGKONG
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— The Secretary
of War recently Instructei • Bhaf
ter al - cisco to call on the com
: ding officer of thf 'roopp on the T;ir
C. Marey & Liger-Belalr's
NUITS, FRANCE,
BURGUNDY WINES.
Chambcrtin, Clos-Voureot, Chablls (White),
Bcaune, Pommard, " " 1878,
Knits, Kaeon, "
In Cases, Quarts and Pints. (Gold Label).
ARISES MEINECKE & CO.,
Sole Agents,
Hi Sacramento Street, Ban Francisco, Cal.
tar for full statement 1 of facts concern-
Ins the delay of thai transport in the har
bor of Hongkong. Lender date of San
Francisco. October 16, General Shaftf-r
forwards th*.' report otf the commanding
officer of the Twentieth Kansas to the de
partment as follows:
T'» chartered transport Tartar Is a British
ship a.nd as j=uch the British law Was deemed
to api»ljr. r'nder the British law the Tartar
ivas licensed to curry 741 passengers. The
harbor master at Hongkong refused to give
the ship clearance because she carried 1140
troop*. 1 wi?t>d to the department at Wash
ington and the adjutant general at Manila that
clearance was Refused because of overcrowd
ing. Tin- reply Tvas had from Adjutant Gen
■•ml CortHn asking if in my opinion the ship
vas overcrowded and If there was cause for
complaint from tt>c- soldiers regarding food. I
replied that the ship was do more crowded
than other transports had been, and that there
was no ground for complaint regarding food.
Before communicaftMon could be had 1 wired
"Cleai allowed.; palled to-day." The
harbor master had. in the meantime, visited
the hip and inspected the light ducts and
ship'« boats.
Attention was doubtless called to the ship
and her passenger list by certain of the dis
charged soldiers In person and by an article
which appeared In a Hongkong paper, writ
ten l v a discharged regular soldier, In which
the ship was spok*n ol as a "sardine box."
The actual delay after the ship was ready to
sail, caused by the Incident, was about twen
ty-four hours.
Referring to the report of the command
ing officer of the Twentieth Kansas. Adju- j
tant General Corbln yesterday telegraphed
to General Shatter as folLows:
It Is not quite clear that the Tartar took
on life belts and ship boat* at Hongkong or
that the Inspection of the harbor master sat
isfied him that th» provisions of the Tartar
In that particular were satisfactory*- and as a
result of that Inspection he gave clearance,
etc.
General Shaffer has repMed to this tele
gram by saying that the commanding offi
cer of the Twentieth Kansas reports that
the Tartar took on additional life belts or
boats and that he understood the harbar
master granted the clearance because he
was satisfied with the provisions of the
Tartar in that particular.
AMERICANS STYLED AN
ARMY OF GENTLEMEN
YOKOHAMA, Oct 6 (vis Victoria, Oct
Che Fifty-first lowa Regiment, the
volunteer regiments to touch
at this port on its homeward trip, reac&ed
here on October 3. and left yesterday for
San Francisco.
The Tennesseeana, who form the ex
treme rear guan - •■ turning tro ips,
under orders to proceed
from Nagasaki on account at the
urgent need f transports u<r the rein-
The departure or' the lowana
■ most remnrk'ibi.
war. whether it be considered In the ll^ht
Irreproachable conduct of the great
army of Americans passing thr'aigh, ur
in that of the patriotic resolution of the
American community here, which
In every possible way ministered to
their needs.
It has been n pig-antic task for the hand
• Americans here to feed an army of
ze for them an extensive
bureau of information, to guard them
against imposition, to care for all th<»
Kick, even to the extent of taking them
into their homes, to furnish free baths,
to pr tfitful headquarters and In
way to remind them Th:i;. they were
already among friends and countrymen.
ladies of the colony have
borne the brunt of the «i"k, while the
have furnished the means, and that
liberally. All this has been
t'.n, with a national pride which would
not permit the acceptance of foreign
gfh freely proffered. Seldom has such
been better done. and. it may be
1, seldom more freely apprei
and rewarded.
The great army of returning Ameri
wi;h an unsullied
i. the 12,000, to the amazement of
foreigners here, having proved them
- In every regard an army of gen
tlemen.
SAN ISIDRO WILL FALL
WITHIN TWO DAYS
I C We to The Call and the New V >rk
Copyrighted, 1899. by J:i:u>-.i Gor
■ -:t.
■VAT, via Manila, Oct. 18.— At stin
set last nighi Major Ballance's battalion j
Twenty-second, crossed the Rio
• mj.inly with a wagon in* in by the !
ferry, moved north toward Hutuan,
miles, In the moonlight and biv
■ the night.
on's Macabebe scouts moved at mi'l
ni k 1 1 1 with nothing except Kirns and am- j
making a circuit and appearing
north ol BuUian at daylight, where they
: fire in the r.-:ir of "'»' of the enemy
In the town. Lowe's scouts moved at mid- j
night to the opposite Bide of the river
from the others to p-r-t the insurgents at
Butuan entirely surrounded, but they es
caped thr >ugh ;i l.i-«:i It In the canaL
ps In front are moving: up to
the military telegraph is ad-
Ing to the new front. Genera] Law- 1
# hurrying supplies up the river In!
armed launches, and unless j
the river gets too low be will have San
Isidro In two days.
All the troops except a battlion of the
Twenty-second will move north from Ar
ayat.
AMERICANS WHO FELL
ON THE FIGHTING LINE
WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.-General Otis
has reported to the War Department the |
following casualties:
Killed— Thirty-seventh Infantry, near Mul- !
tuilupa, October 12: A. Leslie Berry. Jose-ph T. ■
Alirlsette, Joseph Mah< i
Wounded— Fourth Infantry, at Imus, October
6: K. Frank O. Stevens, toot, slight. October
6: C, -Corporal Ralph C. Haxton, hand and log,
severe; A, Henry Faulkner, hand, slight; > ,
Frank B. Conklln, leg and knee, severe.
Ninth Infantry, at Angeles, October 11: C, i
Corporal John \\\ Xattimer, foot, slight; E,
Christopher E. White-side, chest, slight; Axel
K. Bsberc, leg. moderate; 1., Frank Short,
forearm, Blight; John F. McOraw, arm, slight.
October 13: Leslie Chelann. arm, revere.
Seventeenth Infantry, October 11: D. Corpo
ral William C. RosseUt, arm, slight.
Thirty-seventh Infantry, near Multullupa, !
Ortobor 12: B. Andrew S. Garrett, thigh, mod- |
crate; Hospital Corps, Joseph B. Shahlro, thigh, i
moderate.
Sixth Infantry, at I-abuan, Island of Negros,
October 11 : A, Sergeant George Stevens, arm,
severe; Elmer K. Affeldt, thigh, Blight; B,
Harry Campbell, thigh, moderate.
FEARS FOR THE SAFETY
OF TRANSPORT SENATOR
VICTORIA. 8.C., Oct. 18.-The Empress
of India, which has reached here from
! Japan, has completed the roughest trip of,
her forty-three voyages. The second day
out of Yokohama she encountered a ty-
Ohoon which smashed all telegraphic qpm
municatlon between the engine-room and
bridge and destroyed some of the boats.
I The storm continued unabated for a day
. and night.
| Fears are expressed by the officers for
I the transport steamer Senator, carrying
i home the Fifty-first lowa Regiment. She
left Yokohama for San Francisco eight
hours before the Empress and. having im
, mense upper works, would fare badly In a
i ale ■ .
COMES TO URGE THE
REMOVAL OF OTIS
VANCOUVER, B. Cm Oct. 18.-Professor
D. C. Worcester and Colonel Denby, Phil
ippine <""ommis«>loners. arrived here to-day
on the steamer Empress pf Japa^n, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
left this afternoon for Washington, where
they will make -their report to the Presi
ili-in. Until the report is made public
neither gentleman will make a statement
of any kind for publication.
Among the passengers on the Empre'3
was Editor Letttnour, proprietor or the
Manila American. His mission to America
is to urge the removal of General Otis,
In command Of the T'nited States force*
i:i the Philippines, and the promotion of
General Lawton to the command. Lett
mour says that Lawton is frequently de
nied the fruits of victory by the hesita
tion of General Otis.
EMPEROR WILLIAM
WILL VISIT ENGLAND
rsERTJK. Oct. 18.— The Cologne Gazette
announces officially that Emperor Wil
liam will start for England on Novem
ber 11.
LONDON, Oct. 19.— Daily News this
morning, referring editorially to the com
ing- visit of the German Emperor, says:
"There is no reason why he should not
meet with a hearty reception. The Em
peror's neutrality and pacific counsel to
the Boers has atoned for his famous
Kruger telegram. It is quite clear that
some new negotiations, of which Samoa
is the turning point, are in active prog
ress, and the understanding will probably
extend far beyond the Samoan question. '
MACABEBE SCOUTS
DEFEAT INSURGENTS
MANILA, Ort. I<!.— Batson's Macahebe
seotits enoouiitered the enemy at San Ma
teo, near Arayat, fit dawn to-day and at
tacked them on the front and flank, driv
ing them out of the trenches and dispers
ing them completely.
Several Filipinos, including a captain
and a lieutenant, were killed. A quantity
of arms was captured. The Macabebes
had one man killed.
A body of twenty-five Filipinos attacked
a railroad patrol of eipht men. members
of the Seventeenth Replment. at Gulguln
to, north of Balucan, wounding two. The
Americans reinforced the patrol and drove
the enemy off, capturing a quantity of
ammunition.
OTIS TELLS OF THE
ARMY'S MOVEMENTS
WASHINGTON. Oct. IS.— General Otis
made the following report to the War
Department under date of October IS:
"Lawton, with a carefully selected
sir. .liLc column, reached Cabiao, ten miles
south, of Pan Isidro, this morning. Thirty
days' supplies and more at Calumpit are
i,i be forwarded. The Third and Fourth
Cavalry is with him. under Young. Bell,
with the Thirty-sixth Infantry. Is scout
iiur nor: lnvest of Santa Rita with part of
the regiment He struck the insurgents,
killing and wounding several and captur
ing thirteen prisoners and fifteen rifles."
Muster Out of Knnsana.
TOPF.KA, Kan., Oct. 19.— A telegram
was received to-day by the Republican
Central Committee from Secretary
Of War Root stating th*t the Twentieth
Kansas Regiment would positively be
mustered out In San Francisco on Octo-
Thls will permit "f the arrival of
the regiment in Topeka on November 1.
General Shafter had previously ordered
the regimen* should be mustered out
in November :■:. which would have thrown
'lit- regiment Into Topeka on November 7.
the date of the county elections through-
Si ute. Topeka politicians appealed
to W'ashineton for a change of the date,
and It would appear that Secretary Root
lias acted upon their reouest.
Tennesseeans En Route.
WASHINGTON, Oct. is.-The War De
partment was informed to-day that the
transport Indiana, with the First Ten
nessee volunteers on board, left Naga
saki, Japan, on the l^th.
Forty-Fifth Is Coming.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. IS.— The Forty
fifth Regiment at Fort Snolling will break
camp on Sunday morning and leave for
San Francisco, en route for the Philip
pines.
Storms in South Italy.
ROME, Oct. 18.— Serious storms, accom
pnnlcl by floods, prevail In the southern
districts of [taly, working widespread
Ar San Glorgo a bridge and
twenty houses ha\'e been swept away and
it is believed that there has been consid
erable loss of life there. At M.mnte Me
sota a church was struck by lightning
during in.iss. Throe persons were killed
ana forty more or less seriously Injured.
SAMPSON SUSTAINED
BY CAPTAIN CHADWICK
Says That He, and Not General
Shafter, Wrote the Famous
Letter to Gen. Toral.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— Rear Admiral
Sampson's recent assertion that Captain
Chadwick wrote the letter which Induced
General Toral to surrender Santiago has
awakened much interest In army and
navy circles. Friends of General Shafter
have criticized Rear Admiral Sampson's
assertion as an indirect attempt to rob
the army of rredit, and they have inti
mated that his version of the matter was
incorrect.
Captain Chad-wick when seen to-day on
board the cruiser New York paid: "I
deeply regret that any controversy has
arisen from Rear Admiral Sampson's re
marks, which were made, I have no
doubt, with the sole object of saying
something pleasant about me in a com
munity that had just honored me with a
BwonL No remark can be construed into
;in attempt to detract from credit General
Shafter gained during the Santiago cam
paign, so far as I can ace. I am posi
tive that Rear Admiral Sampson had no
such intention.
"Naturally, I am sorry the letter to
General Toral was ever mentioned, but
new advebtisements.
The Body's Purifier.
The kidneys and liver act as purifiers
for the human body.
The blood, which Is the life, Is re-
lieved by them of all poisonous and
effete matter and passes onward to en-
ergize and vitalize the entire system.
I^ost important, then, Is it that these
organs should adequately perform their
proper functions, and happily an agent
exists which, when they become disor-
dered, congested and all clogged up,
can restore them quickly to their nor-
mal healthy condition.
It has blessed the world for twenty-
five years, and is known as Warner's
Safe Cure. It has saved thousands of
lives, and is to-day the only known
specific for all diseases and weaknesses
of kidneys and liver, t
VOULET AND CHANOINE
SLAIN BY THEIR MEN
Massacre of Lieutenant Colonel
Klobb's Force in the French
Soudan Avenged.
PARIS, Oct. IS.-The Minister of the
Colonies, Mr. Decrais, has received an
official dispatch announcing that Captain
Voulet and Captain Chanoine of the out
lawed French expedition in the Soudan.
whose members recently massacred most
of the. members of the expedition under
Lieutenant Colonel Klobb, sent to arrest
those officers on charges of cruelty ami
Insubordination, have been shot by their
own men.
The Colonial Office received the follow
ing dispatch from Lieutenant Pellier, one
of the officers of the Voulet-Chanolne
expedition, now In command of Voulet's
men:
"Captain Voulet, alone, who with one
hundred tirailleurs, on July 14, marched
r.galnst Lieutenant Colonel Klobb was
responsible for the massacre. lie told his
MANY PERISH
IN THE BLIZZARD
Storm Victims in Moun-
tain States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, Oct. 18.— A special to the Re
publican from Great Falls. Mont., says:
Four men are known to be dead and prob
ably eight more perished in Teton County
from the recent storm. The dead were all
sheep herders. They were: Norman
Druice and one other employed by W. K.
Floweree; Will Graham, working for the
Homer Sheep Company, and a man named
Ladd, employed by Wallace Taylor. Two
herders named Mclntosh and Conley,
working for J. C. Quigley, are probably
dead, as they are missing, though their
Sheep have been found.
Two parties, including women, in the
mountains have not been heard from.
They have tents and food, but may not es
cape. They Include William Cohurn,
Charles McDonnell and their wives, of
I lupuyer, now In the Sun River Canyon,
and W. F. Ralston and four sons, In Birch
Creek Canyon.
The severity of the storm may be judged
by the fact that it took four horses four
days to bring in the body of Will Graham
on a toboggan. The snow is four feet
deep on the "level in parts of Teton County.
A special to the Republican from Tellur-
Ide, < v o!o., says: The body of Thurlow
Washburn, assistant superintendent of the
Liberty Bell Mining Company, who start
ed on "horseback last Thursday for the
properties owned by the company, just
over the range In Ouray County, was
found this afternoon about 150 f<-pt from
the top of the range, near the Virginius
Pass trail. Washburn had nearly reached
his destination when overcome by the ter
rible blizzard which was prevailing.
Teachers at Napa.
NAPA, Oct. 18.— The exercises at the
teachers' institute were of unusual inter
est D. R. Arysburg of Oakland puve
talks on "How to Make Drawing Interest
ing," "How to Learn ami Teach Draw-
I ing," and "The Expression of Lino?."
Superintendent T. J. Kirk addressed
! the institute on "Some Thoughts Deemed
"Worthy of Consideration for Teachers and
Parents," and "The Times and Our Pro
fession." The Bession closed at 3:30 p. m.,
after three days of Interesting studies of
! themes pertaining to the perfection of the
I profession of school teaching.
since a question of fact has arisen T feel
obliged to assert thai what Hear Ad
miral Sampson said was wholly true, and
a reputed interview from Genera! Shaf
ter which 1 have noticed shows a lack of
recollection on hie part.
"The letter was draughted on July 6 on
my own motion, after 1 had asked Gen
eral Shatter if he wore open to sugges
tions. He said he would be glad to hear
any suggestions from me, and after read
ing th<-> letter said lie would sign It with
out any change.
"However, before submitting the letter
to General Shatter r showed it to Lieu
tenant Commander Staunton, Assistant
Chief of Staff, who had accompanied me
ashore. He suggested a slight change in
one paragraph, which I adopted. I re
tained the original draft, which was
roughly written in pencil, and my wife
has It as a memento of the campaign.
"Now, I wish it to be distinctly under
stood that I regard all this as trivial,
and my only object in speaking of the
matter is to sustain Rear Admiral Samp
son. What he said concerning the letter
is strictly accurate. Genera] Shatter is I
reported as having snid that the letter
written by me was merely a copy of one
previously drafted by him. I do not un
derstand how this can be correct, as the
letter was sent at my suggestion and I
never before heard of any other draft
than the one I wrote and showed to Lieu
tenant Commander Staunton.
"I can distinctly recall, since the mat
ter has been brought up, the circum
stances which attended the writing of
the letter. I found General Shafter sit
ting in his shirtsleeves and with his feet
in his slippers. He complained of not feel
ing well and seemed much depressed. I
remember that he referred to the largo
numbers of men lost at El Caney and San
Juan Hill, and from the tone of his con
versation I concluded he had no definite
plan of procedure mapped out.
" 'General.' I asked, 'are you open to
suggestions?'
" 'Certainly,' he replied.
" 'Suppose' I said. 'I write a letter to
General Toral, stating the situation
plainly.'
" 'Do so,' he replied, evidently pleased
with the suggestion
"When I drafted the letter, as I have
told. I handed it to General Shafter who
read it carefully and declared himself sat
isfied with it. Tie called to Lieutenant
Colonel Mill y, his chief of staff, and
asked him to have it typewritten. I
pointed out that General Toral might re
gard a typewritten letter as a breach of
courtesy. In this General Shafter ac
quiesced, and he had the letter copied.
"It should be clearly understood, how
ever, that the letter which I wrote and
General Shafter signed, was technically
his letter. He. simply adopted its phrase
ology and sent it as his own. I had no
intention of ever saying anything- what
ever of my connection with the letter and |
the matter had dropped from my mind i
until recalled by Hear Admiral Samp
son.
General Shatter, when told of Captain-
Chadwlck s statement, refused absolutely
to say anything on the subject. Ills man
ner Indicated Intense Indignation, and he
Intimated that he might dispose of the
matter "in another way," but declined
emphatically to speak at present. ..
comrades on his return what he had done
and declared that he intended to revolt
and to form an independent state. Only
Captain Chanoine decided to accompany
him with some natives. On July 16 the
tirailleurs mutinied and shot Captain
Chanoine.
"Captain Voulet fled, but on July 17
tried to rejoin the expedition, but he was
shot by a sentry. The tirailleurs then
joined the expedition in good order and
the expedition, myself commanding, con-
tinued the mission and punished the mur
derers of Captain Cassemejoux, whose
body was recovered."
A commemorative service was held to-
day in honor of Lieutenant Colonel Klobb
at the Church of St. Clotilde. President
Loubet and all the members of the Cab
inet were represented. Madame Loubet
was present.
HORRIBLE TORTURE
OF A PRISONER
Formosans Live Up to
an Old Custom.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 18. -News was
brought by the Empress of Japan of the
performance of a horrible quinquennial
custom of Chaoeheng, a town of about
300 Inhabitants In Southern Formosa, the
headquarters of the Butan tribe and the
key to Hangchan— a custom whereby an
unfortunate criminal was tortured and
killed. About 90 per cent of the inhabit
ants of Choacheng are aborigines, and
every five years they hold a big fete, at
which a criminal is sacrificed. The vic
tim is taken from his bamboo cage and
an iron rod about six feet in length is
passed through his lower jaw. His hands
are then tied to the ends of the rod and
thus transfixed he Is placed in a decor
ated chariot and paraded through the
streets for two weeks, should he live
thnt long.
The ghastly fete took place this year at
the clo.se of August. The Japanese au
thorities were warned and were on
guard against the exhibition. It was to
have been held on June 12, but they
stopped it. An effort was made two
weeks later to carry it out, but the au
thorities again intervened. The arrange
ments were then thought to have been
dropped, but the natives were secretly
preparing, and when the opportunity
cam.' a robber was found and tortured
In the customary manner.
Transfixed with the rod. he was borne
through the streets of Chaocheng and
then to Hangchung and back to the first
town. He died on the sixth day. Should
the victim survive the torture, as some
have been known to do, he is made a
sort of a demi-god and given high rank.
DIVINE HEALER IS
MOBBED BY STUDENTS
Embryo Medicos Accept His Invita-
tion in a Way He Had Not
Calculated Upon.
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— Dr. John A. Dowie,
the alleged divine healer and professed
foe of the medical profession, attempted
to lecture to-night in Zion Tabernacle at
Madison and Pauline streets on "Doctors,
Drugs and the Devil." Dr. Dowle had an
nounced that he wished 10,000 medical stu
dents would attend the exercises.
The lecture hall is located close to sev
eral large medical colleges and the stu
dents accepted the invitation with t.ie
gr< atest enthusiasm. Fully 2500 students
gathered at Wood and Harrison streets
and marched to the tabernacle. Every
student was provided with small bottles
of nitride of ammonia and hydro-sulphur
ate of ammonia with which they intended
to bombard Dowle when he began his
address. The police had, however
learned of the plan and thirty officers
were placed in front of the hall to bar
the students out. As t-he carriage con
taining Dr. Dowie approached the alleged
healer was greeted with yells and a
shower of missiles.
In a few instances stones were imed
and ammonia by the pint was thrown
into the carriage. Guarded by the police
and dodging the missiles Dowle was driv
en to the door of the hall, where he was
dragged through the throng by half a
dozen officers. The students were forced
back by the police, but managed to hurl
enough bottles of ammonia Into the hall
to force the waiting audience to rush
out Into the air. To the few who re
mained Dowie made his talk, but it was
a very mild affair compared to the
harangues he frequently bestows upon
the medical profession.
Several students were arrested and
taken to the police station with difficulty,
their companions making determined ef
forts for the rescue.
DIES IN AN ATTEMPT
TO SAVE HER HUSBAND
GREEN LAKE, TYis., Oct. IS.-Terrace
Beach Casino, a large hotel occupied by
W. A. Meyer, burned to the ground early
this morning. Two lives were lost. The
loss on the building and contents wil!
reach J60,000.
ilr. Jenks, father of Mrs. Meyer, was
lying very ill in bed and not expected to
live. Mrs. Jenks made a heroic attempt
to save her husband, but before she could
rescue him the flames cut off all escape
and the old couple were burned to death.
Bear in Mind
We are not one of those compa-
nies who are calling on the public
for money to buy their machinery.
and WHO ARE JUST ABOUT TO
BEGIN.
We k at Work,
Liable to strike oil within ten days.
Get in while you can at the pres-
ent pricf. Board meets October 23.
"Illustrated Prospectus" and Re-
port of Fuel Committee of Manu-
facturers' and Producers' Associa-
tion on our Contra Costa lands on
application.
American Oil and
Refinery Company
BOOMS 322-323 PARROTT BOILDINO,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAU
Oakland Agents— O'ROUßKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
POLITICS BARRED
IN POSTOFFICES
Formal Warning From
Washington.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON", Oct. 18.-The Postmas
ter General has issued a formal warning
to all Postmasters against the levy of po
litical assessments and simultaneously
the Civil Service Commission has called
attention to the law governing the sub
ject and to the commission's intention to
enforce it. This general warning is s?!mi
j lar tn that issued heretofore in political
I campaigns and, it is understood, follows
complaints of specific violation of tho law
received from Ohio and other States
whore elections are to be held this year.
! The Postmaster General's order follows:
By request of the Civil Service Commission
all postmasters are hereby directed to sign
and post conspicuously in their respective
offices copies of the following circular, issued
by the United States Civil Service Commission.
and to use every means to direct the attention
of their subordinates to the provisions thereof.
w. shalLenbkrger,
Acting Postmaster General.
Tlif commission's circular says: "The
civil service act makes political assess
ments of Federal officers and employes a
misdemeanor," and then quotes sections
2. 11. 12, 13, 14 and 15 of the act, which
was approved January 16. ISB3. The com
mission adds the following:
It Is the duty of the commission to Fee that
the provisions "of this law are strictly enforced.
arj-1 it will employ every legitimate and avail
able means to secure the prosecution and pun
ishment df whoever may violate them. The
commission requests any person having knowl
edge of Hny violation of this law to lay the
facts before !t, and it will at ance take action
upon them.
JOHN R. PROCTOR, President.
To further guard against violations the
following notice to be posted at all post
offices has been promulgated:
All employes connected with this office are
hfrehy nol'fled that they are under no obliga- ;
tinn whatever, by reason of their being in the ;
public Fervlce, to make contributions or sub- |
Bcriptiona for political or other purposes, and
Kbey will not be molpsted or In any way dis
criminated apainst for failure to so subscribe
or contribute.
(Signed.) — . Postmaster.
, — , Name of City.
Suicide of an Old Man.
VACAVILIVE, Oct. IS.— Alexander L,ong,
one of the oldest residents of this place,
shot himself yesterday afternoon during
tho absence of his wife. He. was 66 years
of age. Despondency caused by continued
illness is assigned as the cause for his
rash act.
# HUDYAN
jS MAKES YOU
and in-
Sk) sur e s a
c orrect
dischar g c
of every
bodily
!*£, fun ctloa
VSfci. Then why
gm need you
/Ipf be a weak.
W^ despairing,
sallow, ir-
rl t a b 1 c,
nervous being, when a helping hand is
extended toward you? Hudyan is the
help, and it is within your reach. Hud-
yan gives strength and tone to the nerves
and nerve centers. Hudyan gives a re-
newed impetus to the circulation and
makes pure, healthy blood. Hudyan is
for people who have lost nerve force and
courage, persons who cannot sleep, per-
sons who have lost confidence in them-
selves. If you have pains in shoulders,
fig. 1; pains in arm?, fig. 2; cold hands, fig.
3; or feet, fig. 5; shaky knees and pains in
limbs, fig. 4; palpitation of heart, fig. 6,
then take Hudyan. Hudyan cures.
Headaches, drazy spells, general weak-
ness, pallor, tremblings, dots before eyes. '
twitching of facial muscles, sediment in !
urine, are promptly relieved and cured by
Hudyan. Hudyan cures all organic weak- i
nesses.
Hudyan — all druggists — 50c a package,
six packages $2 50. If your druggist does
not keep Hudyan. send direct to the
HUDYAX REMEDY CO., cor. Stockton.
Ellis and Market sip., San Francisco, Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS— FREE
OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
♦•O-»-O-»-O-»- O+-O+O ■♦■ o+O+Ci+-0-+o+O+ !
' _„ M|| | M J
o e^juaßnnonoi *
X ■- Q
♦ II Natural Mineral Water?
t flKtt known for centuries and +
1 iHS2S#k Imported o
* /SlgSt only in bottles. ♦
0 $fm!gi®k or Disordered Stomach ♦
t n^^^l and Indi ? eBtion - a
2 HtU^!?^S It 3 ▼alue has been tssrl- o
0 l^sffiffi^Sairt fisd t0 by thou sands. f
1 VICHY/ I So-called Vichy in Sy. °
■•'^So&L «J phons ▼
% jj£»ftj| IS NOT VICHY. ♦
♦ '|xi: Get the Genuine. |
5 ! '^^ Tour Physician O
▼PR jwJJgH will recommend It. ♦
O l^^^^f a. VI9NIKR, DistribnfiagAg«B» °
Furniture Carpets!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs In
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc.
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties'
Inspection of stock cordially Invited. Frei
delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANY.
338=340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND POWELL,
Opposite Union Square.
Telephone Main ISM. ■■•.';
1899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
1 first installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
: unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY,
November 27, at 6 o'clock p. m.
1 NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS, November 24 and 25, from 7 to 9
o'clock.
EDWARD I, SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
• Francisco.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Great Medicine
-?—?;- A great stimulant.
>*^f&^^v Clergymen, Prohiti-
jfcV^i^iMs&y^ tionlsts, Mothers and
A^S'lpfi^^^V^ Fathers keep it in the
\Siiii/ M f£i?i? y
The distinguished
: writer of the following testimonial has served her
beneficent mission at the head of some of the
largest religious curative and charitable institu-
I tions in the United States :
Rochester, >*. T.. Home of Industry.
ItEires me great plensnre to recommend I nifty* Pure
Malt Whiskey, which I have used for consumptives m
; me last stages of the dread disease. Aside from its
medicinal properties it is very mild. Th? patient can
retnin it when all other stimulants fail. 1 recommend
. tttoall. Mother IIIKKONVMO.
Oorernment stamp marks the genuine. Druggists usually
sell it. If yours does not, a bottle will be sent you, prepaid,
for Ji; 6 for $5. Write for interesting book.
j DUFFY MALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, IT. Y.
EXAMINE
ITS MERITS!
THE SPARKS
Automobile
CO.
Our machines are being built and will soon
be on the market. Have orders booked for
I fifty.
A limited amount of stock is for sal© at
: $1.00 per share at the office of the company.
Room 325 Parrott Bldg.,
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
8. GOODEN'OUGH, Secretary.
"notJceT
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER'S DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11, 1899.
In accordance with the provisions of Section
3668 of the Political Code, notice la hereby
I given that I have received from the State
j Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and the "Dupn-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
sessments," containing' the assessments upon
the property of each of the following: named
associations or corporations as fixed by said
State Board of Equalization for the year 1599.
to-wit:
California Pacific Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
, pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
! Southern California Motor Road Company,
I Ban Francisco and North Pacific .Railway
! Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Santa Fe Pacific Railroad Company,
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
j Company. Nevada County Narrow-Gautre Rail-
I road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-Callfornia-Ore^on Railway
Company. Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company,
Alameda and San Joaquin Railroad Company.
I Gualala River Railroad Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company. Sierra Railway
Company of California, Sierra Valley Railway
Company, San Francisco and Fan Mateo Elec-
| trie Railway Company, Randsburg Railway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now due and
1 payable and will be delinquent on the last
j Monday In November next, at 6 o'clock p. m..
■ and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless no paid on
or before the last Monday in April next, r.t
6 o'clock p. m.. an additional 5 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
I The remaining one-half of State and__£punty
I taxes on all real property will bS due and.
payable after the first Monday in\ January
j next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
i day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. | m., and
1 unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
1 Capitol, prior thereto. 5 per cent will/ be added
1 to the amount thereof. /
E. P. COLO AN. State d/ntroHer.
y ~
yjHHro[)tsoiiff
— .
When requested, the resorts mentioned
in this column will send you circular!
giving full Information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc When writing please mention
; The Call.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
1 Gout, Diabetes, Brights and other renal
! complr'.its, Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
ic Catarrh.
For further information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st.
l !_
' BYRON The hot mineral bath's
Hn T T cure RHEUMATISM.
fIU 1 Address A. Eettens, mgt '
CDDIIVrC?' the Springs. Call on
Or Kill VlO Lombard & Co., 22% Geary
, street, city. '
; BOCA HOTEL,.
prJCEST HUNTING AND FISHING O.VTH3
r Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms rood
boating on lake; boats free to guests price.
reasonable. U to $10 per week; «p««lalrat?f toe
families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE and HOTEL.
CLIMATE. SCENERY. ENTKRTAINMTTNrT,
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
T WO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P
...DO NOT...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" vlsttln- ths
; country, seaside or springs during- the Sum-
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying forsanp
it the Business Office or by order througH
carrier. . ,
-_ „ —TERMS... V
iiSnt*"""- -••"•.pen Week
i« • PC Month
, Weekly Call, $1 per YearLOTHIAN AT
FANCY ODDS
WON EASILY
Beat Fast Sprinters With 30
to 1 Against Him — Good
Sport at Oak and.
Jockey J. Ranch, a diminutive young
ster who began his career in the saddle
■with the stable of Burns & Waterhouse,
celebrated his return from the Eastern
country at Oakland yesterday. lie tossed
the leg over Lothair, a despised 30 to l
outsider, ar.d, riding an almost perfectly
Judged nice, won hands down at the wire.
' Anchored, the mount of Eddie Jones.
played from 7 to 4. was the supposed good
thing. It was not Jones' fault that the
eprir.ter did not win, for he beat the 1
barrier nearly half a dozen lengths, but
was raced to a standstill by the favorite.
Negligence. With Anchored and the first
choice backing up after their hard tussle
out in the lead, February, piloted by
Coburri, looked to be winning at the pad
dock, when Ranch brought Lothian up I
with a well-timed rush on the outside,
winning by three open lengths. Anchored j
lasted long enough to run third. On the '
backstretch little Johnson ran Into a ■
pocket with Libertine and was thrown i
over the fence.
In the other events. Ella H, Rainier and ;
Bathos upheld the reputation of the fa- i
Vorite by annexing purses. Saddle honors j
vent to Eddie Jones, who rode two win- t
ners.
After the two-year-old handicap had i
been decided there was considerable spec- ;
uiation as to whether or not the big Hey ]
del Sierra colt. Silver million, is an ex- i
Jiloded "phenom." On his Sacramentu
earned reputation he was asked to pick .
up top weight. 115 pounds, and beat
Bathos, My Gypsy and Rixford at seven
furlongs. The first named youngster, with
Jones up, closed favorite, and was never
headed. •■Quill" Morse, aboard Silver
Bullion, had his mount under restraint
down the backstretch, breaking up the big
fellow's stride considerably, and when he
let down could not catch the leaders.
Ridden to better [vantage he might j
have reversed thing.-. As it was. Bathos j
won with nothing to spare by a couple of j
length*. Mv Gypsy was third, a length
behind Bullion.'
Speedy Snort McAllister has probably
seen his best days as a useful pie of
racing furniture. " He opened favorite for
the first event, a futurity, course sprint, |
but went back In the betting and ran un
placed. He has two pneumatic-tired
ankles, which would indicate an early
breakdown. The fast mare Lady Heloise,
ridden by Bozeman and second choice In
the ring, early allowed daylight to inter
vene between herself and the field, run- :
ning without effort from the bunch, rid
den by Rosalbra. Shannonette ran into
sllow '
The six furlong dash following proved I
only a romp for Etta H. The chestnut i
; mare was held a 2 to 5 chance, which
looked a long price. She was eased up at
the finish. Young Johnson allowed Mon
tallade's' head to drop down several de- j
grees before the wire was reached, losing t
the place to Merry Boy. a 50 to 1 shot.
Rat-tailed Rainier, with Coburn and SO ;
pounds on his hack, galloped his field to
a standstill in the mile run. decided under
selling conditions. Dr. O'Rourke's horse
went to the post a slight .favorite over
Castake and was never in difficulty, pass
ing the stand live lengths In advance of
I>on Luis in 1:41%. Castake trailed the
leader to the stretch, where he cried
quits, finishing bark in the ruck.
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Six furlongs; selling: three-year
ol.ls> and upward.
If 3 Indra Wi SO My Dear IOC
312 Sybarls HI J~x Shellac 106
'••■■j Major Took K<? KS fan Carlos 11l
174 San Augustine. .U'll IT4 Watossa 101
"Peeond race— Futurity course, two-year-olds;
filing.
Id Bamhoulla 103 IC4 Champion Rose. 97
12fi Herculean 9S '. 172 FeJapa 92
172 .T. V. Hays 104 l il37)Essence IC"S
173 Druldess ....... .1W
Third race— One mile; selling; three-year
olds and upward.
(lM>T»nHoa Ill " IC2 Master Lee 55
... Whaleback U* 174 Oratbee 102
154 Monrovia 11l
Fourth race^-Six ana a half furlongs; three
yrar-01-is and upward; selling.
1&5 New Mr^n in» .clalist .... 105
(lC6)Pat Morrißsey".lo9j IB' 1 Wyoming 103
IG3 Silver Maid 101 M20 Lest Girl M
Fifth rare— <~>ne mile; handicap; three-year
old? and upward.
... Plan . 9S: 153 Alicia mo
1W Mamie G 102!(n<»)(.ilen Anne 100
113 Snips lOOj 171 Knigmaster 107
Selections for To-Day.
First racs— Major Cook. Sybarls. Indra.
Second race — Essence. Dnildess, Bamboulla.
Third race— Monrovia, Whaleback, Master
Lee.
Fourth race— Pat Morrlsaey, Social Ist, Lost
Girl. .
Fifth race — Plan, Ringmaster. Alicia.
Track Notes.
"Srannis" Piggott says he •will not try
his hand in the saddle until he can climb
on the back of a certain winner. ll*
doesn't care about losing any of his old
friends.
Sonfrer made his first appearance here
yesterday on My Gypsy in the handicap.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I have been thinking of writing to
van for some time," writes Mrs. W. D.
feeneoc, of Maxtor., Robeson Co., N. C,
"to let you know what a wonderful thing
Dr. Pierce'a Gulden Medical Discovery
did tor my little boy. He was taken
with in litf«*stion when he was a year
and a half old, and he was under the
doctor's treatment for five long years.
We speni all we made for doctor's bills,
and it '':i '. no He could not eat
anything i aly a little milk and cracker,
and sonieiimes even this would make
him sick, and he got very weak ; could
not sit r.; all d :v, and I gave up all hope
of his ever getting any better. I/Ooki;:g
over one of your books I noticed Dr.
Pierces (■ Ucal Discovery rec-
ommend'-'l !< r rxiigestiou. We bought
eorne ami | ■•■ boy. Two bottles
of Dr. Pier re's Golden Medical Discov-
ery cured him. He is well as can be,
and can eat anything that he wants and
it does not hurt him. lie has not been
«ck a da ad it baa l>een three
years sii:ce he took your medicine. I
pray that God v/ill always bless you and
your med;i
S^ecordo 9f?ade in the Sporting il/orlci.
He rides with a long stirrup and comes 1
well recommended.
General Arthur, a starter in the opening i
event, was once considered the most ;
promising youngster in the Burns &
VVaterhouse Btable. Catarrhal fever i
sholveo hj m an ,i ] le was di = pose.i of. He
ran with a silver tube inserted in the I
neck
Silver Rull!or. is the colt for which .
Theodore Winters n.«ks $4000. Snraej
- ago he i'"i:ld nat work seven fur
in better than 1:08, hard ridden, but
now h'-phis to be coming ritrht along.
J. Brown, who rode Rin rhieo find
Twinkle Tw-ink. should borrow pome
b-.dy's horse and practice petting away
from the harrier In his present f.rm
he gives better promi?" of becoming a
night watchman than a rider. H
FARCICAL RACING.
Jockeys Take the Wrong Course In a
Morris Park Event.
N'KVV YORK, Oct. 18.— A good-sized
crowd watched the poorest day's racing
of the season at Morris Park to-day. .The
track was heavy and withdrawals were
: so numerous ■: at only two started in the
fifth and three in the sixth race.
The last race developed into a farce.
The conditions called for a mil© and three
' quarters over the Withers course. On the
start Spurs, Odom up, and Julius Caesar,
Slack up, went out to make the running,
but Instead of turning across the Withers
I bend went on over the hill course. Wil
i son, on Maid of Harlem, had his wits
i about him, took the right course and
I practically had a walk-over. Odom saw
i his mistake when rounding the upper turn
j and he pulled up and went back, taking
, his horse over the course for second
money. Black, on Julius Caesar, kept on
i and was disqualified, as he had not gone
■ the right course. Both boys were called
| up in the stand for an explanation, but
I nothing was given out by the stewards.
In the first race, a steeplechase at about
! two miles, four of the seven horses which
I ran fell. Burgess, who rode Hardy C, was
1 badly hurt, the doctors diagnosing his
I case as concussion of the brain. Results:
Steeplechase, about two miles— The Bachelor
' won. Phlllidose second. Mr. Stoffel third. Time,
4:00.
! Selling:, five and a half furlongs— Caoutchouc
won. Tabouret second, iiuffoon third. Time,
l:05H-
The Castleton. Belling, five furlongs — Oread
«voa Smoke second. Jamaica third. Time,
One mile— Waring won. Radford second.
Lady Cncas third. Time, 1 4-' ! j.
One mile— Trillo won, WRit Not second. Time.
1:43.
One and three-quarter miles — of Harlem
1 won, Spurs second. Time. 3:~~<.
Four and a half furlongs, selling— Tildee won,
Maydlne second, Emma M third. Time, :. r .6*i.
One and an ■ ghth miles, sellinR — Admetus
won, Tubadam second, Jennie F third. Time,
l:.' Mi.
Five and a half fur! Qg sellinp— Violrt Par
sons won. Little A .arm second, Don't Skip Me
third. Time. 1:094.
One mile — Canace won, Tulla Fona.o second,
Volandles third. Time, l:43Vt.
Six tui • --. gelling— Nettie Regent won. The
Mi -'< second. Brownie Anderson third. Time,
1 :l"' s .i.
One mile and twenty yards— Astor won. Free
Lady second. Great Bend third. Time. 1:45%.
CINCINNATI. Oct. IS.— Manllus and John
I Yerkes wen the only public choices that won
jat Latonla to-day. The track was in very bad
! condition. Results:
s->- • furlongs, pniiinir— Rubel won, Yonose
second. Malaise third. Time. 1:35 H.
Five and a half furlongs— John Yerkes won,
• Woodtriee second. Caviar third. Time, 1:1! ■■• .
One mile, pell:- The Geezer won, Nancy
1 Till second. Lord Neville third. Time, I:4S.
One mile. Belling— won, Loyalty
second, Musket third. Time, 1:47 V».
Six furlongs— R»seda woii. üballne sec
ond. Laura G G third. Time, 1:19V4.
CHICAGO, Oct. IS— Astor.. the longest shot
in the !ast race to-day at Harlem, won in a
big gallop. The price apainst him was 4' to
I. After the race the Judges suspended Lok
hart Brothers, his owners, and every on con
nected with the stable. In the fourth race
Canace beat Tulla Fonao, the 1 to 2 favorite.
Results at Covelo.
COVELO, Oct. 18.— The last race, half
mile and repeat, was tii*' feature of the
Driving- Park races to-dajr. The Marys
• irse Eledwood beat a fVM of sprint-
Tho trnek was fast Results:
Half mile, purse $2." ■— Jak^y A won,
• iv?. Jay I'.ird third. Time. :.'».
Half mile and rep< ■ ■ »- : -First
Roadwarmer won. Dennis second,
bird. Second h^at— Redwm.d
Roadwarmer second. I>ennis third.
Final, between Redwood and Kuadwarm
! won. Time,
Pennsylvania Scored Against.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. IS.— The Dniver
team was
ly, this nme by
P< nnsylvania, bow
he game by a score of 17 t
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Wednesday, TJctober 18, 1899.—Twenty
second day of the "Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
fine. Track good.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALT,, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1599.
RUSTY GOLD
WINS FOR HIS
NEW OWNER
Petaluma Greyhound, Run
ning in Name of Sterl &
Knowies, Wins.
Rusty Gold, recently purchased from D. j
! J. Healey of Petaluma and running in the j
j name of Sterl <fc Knowies, won the mfd
i week reserve stake at Union Coursing ''■
' Park yesterday. The red dog ran cor.- I
| sistently throughout the day, winning :
I each of his courses cleverly.
In the final he was favored a little by
the fortunes of coursing, or possibly the
flag Indicating: his opponent as victor j
would have been run up. The hare was a
strong one and led the brace of dogs
clean across the field without a swerve.
Rusty Gold led Controller to the hare '
when the latter was placed and scored
two points. In the language of the cours- !
ing field Controller waa "blinked," or lost
sight of the hare momentarily. He ap- !
parently thought the hare had made good i
its escape.
was on the hare again. The latter escaped
before Controller could get in the running, i
• JontroUer could p--t In the running.
The most notable ups<n of the day was
the defeat of Amarosa by Fireball, a Ito 7 '
shot. Star of < "üba won twice at 1 to 5. j
The result of the sport in detail follows:
Reserve stake, first round— T. Ha::> Nonpa
reil beat W. H. Rlke's Nancy R, 13—6; Locke
6 Lynn's loch (a bye): E. M. Kell igg'a
lowa Boy beat P. Cronin's Pep the Rake. 6—5:
Maher & Reid's Nellie Bawn beat J. P. Thrift's
Forgive, 7—4; E. M. Kellogg' 1 lowa Maid beat
W. H. Jones' Prince Jerome, S — Sterl &
Knowies' O'Hara beat J. Murnane's Wiidwood,
11—5; J. H. Perigo's Lady Davenport beat
Aeneid Kennels' B na Dea, 36—1; H H. Gray's
Rum beat F. Price's Madge Wildfire, 4—l: 11.
H. Gray's Terronette boat T. J. Cronin's Rose
of Tralee, 5—3; R. Tiernan'a Hadlwlst beat
Pasha. Kennels' Rollicking Airs, 12—9; Sterl &
Knowles' Rusty Gold beat J. Jones' Galivant,
7—4; F. A. McComb's One Spot (a bye); J.
Ronnlng's Dempsey Lass (a bye); W. C.
Glasson's Terronite beat J. O' Shea's Golden
Gate, •—■ F. C. Mack's Delia M beat T. .1.
Cronin's Maid of Ball. 4—o; Al Austin's Firm
Foe beat Dan O'Connell's Satan, 6—2; T. J.
Cronln's Depend on Me beat A. Johnson's Tod
Sloan, 4—2; J. H. PeriKo's Controller beat J.
H. Smith's Merced, 10 0: W. L. Trade's Wan
dering Tom beat J. Jones' Moonlight, 10—2: J.
Keenan's Royal Oak beat E. H. Casserly's
Lady Blanche. 13— J. Hurley's Star of Cuba
beat F. A. McComb's Lord Lytton, 27—7; W.
H. Lord's Revolver beat Locke & Lynn"? Dick
L, 6—4; I. F. Hal ton's Tic Tar beat Kay &
Trant's Eclipse, 4—2; George Lahusen's Fire
ball beat Sterl & Knowies 1 Amarosa, 4—3.
Second round— Nonpareil beat Moloch. 26—6:
lowa Boy beat Nellie Brown, 16—3; O'Hara
bent lowa Maid, 12 — 5; Lady Davenport bent
Rona, 15—6: Terronette beat Hadiwist. ? — »:
Rusty Gold beat One Spot. 16—4: Terronite beat
Dempsey Lars. 6—l: Firm Foe beat Delia M.
— 1; Controller beat Depend on Me. 10 — 6:
Royal Oak beat Wandering Tom. li— l 3: Star
of Cuba eat Revolver, 26 — Tic Tac beat
Fireball, 5-0.
Third round — Nonpareil beat lowa Boy. 6 — 2;
O'Hara beat Lady Davenport, 10 — 2: Rusty
Gold beat Terronette, S — o; Firm Foe beat Ter
ronite, 4—l: Controller beat Royal Oak, 6—3;
Star of Cuba beat Tic Tac, 14 11
Fourth round— O'Hara beat lowa Boy, 9 — 5:
Rusty Gold beat Twin City Girl. 10— Con
troller beat Star of Cuba, 14—0.
Fifth round— Rusty Gold beat O'Hara, 10—0;
Controller, a bye.
Final— Rusty Gold beat Controller, 4—2.
COURSING AT UNION PARK
One of the biggest puppy stakes ever
drawn by the Union Coursing Park will
be run off on Saturday and Sunday next
at the well known grounds. Fifty-six
youngsters will contest for glory and
larpe prizes. There are a lot of new per
formers in the bunch, well bred, which
give promise of winning fame In the
coursing world. The winner of the stake
will receive 160, the runner-up $40, the
next two $25, next three $15 each, next
seven $10 each and next fourteen $.">.
The all-aged stake has fifty-four en
tries, and many are stake-winners. Some
notable dogs are among the lot and will
certainly furnish excitement to the fol
lowers of the exciting pastime. The win
ner of the stake will receive $10), the run
ner-up $*)5, the next two $.'<"> each, next
three $20 each, next seven $12 50 each and
next thirteen $7."" each.' Following is the
result of last night's drawing:
All-aped fifty-four-dog stake— J. Kennedy's
Wine West vs. Curtis & Son's Vanity Fair;
M. Michalik"? Glen Roy vs. .T. Kennedy's Lily
Wheeler: Maher & Reid's (names) Pal Rellly
vs. Kd Evarts' Hurricane; R. K. de B. Lopez' 3
Parah v-6. George Whitney's (names) Run
Amuck; Pasha Kennels' Road Agent vp. J.
Dlckson'a Black Bess; A. Johnson's Mountain
Ueauty vs. Maher A: Re'd'B Nelly Bawn: Pasha
Kennels' Rod of Aph vs. R. E. de B. I.
Valley Maid; Russel!, Allen & Wilson's Lady
Emma vs. J. Murr.ane'g Wiidwood; I. F. Hal
ton's Tic Tac vs. J. Mooney's Silent Treasure.
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. Pasha
Kenr.»ls" Royal Anne; Curtis A Sen's Cavalier
vs. W. H. Lords inames) Revolver; Maher &
Reids Uncle Fuller vs. Ster; ft Knowies'
Amarosa: J. Dennis' (names* October Wood
•.?. A. L. Austin's Firm Foe; Curtis £
Si n's Commodore vs. H. 11. Grey's Terronette;
J. Shewbrtdge's Silver Maid vs. J. Shew
br Ige's Blooming Chance; W. M. Healey's
Skylight vs. .!. E. '.vhn's (names) Red Glen.
R. L. Taylors Mose vs. Courtney & Hore's
Douglass: F. A. McComb's Lord Lytton vs.
H H. Grey's Rona : W. H. Jor.es' Rustln vs.
.1 Kennedy's Ever Shore; P. .1. Xolte's Rich
and Artless vs. 1). J. Healey's Ma >r\ Land:
Curtis & Pin's MoKlnley vs. J. Deans
of Anderson; J. 11. Smith's Merced vs. ,1. I.
Thrift's Forgive; (leorge Whitney's Theron vs.
James Bodgers' NVillle Brannon; W. H. Jones'
Ladj Marlon vs. E. & R. Scott's Lord B
.1 L Ross' Jessica vs. J. Kennedy's N'lpht
Maher £ Reid's S'.nß'.strn vs. Pasha
Kennels' Random Aim; Pasha Kennels' Re?t
Assured vs. Pa.-ha Kennels' Firm Friend.
Puppy ttfty-slx-dog stake— (;<>.. ref . }?uehn's
•am vs Pasha Kennels' Rolllclcing Airs:
J. Fitzgerald's Fair Lily vs. Pasha Kennels'
Race Away: P. Casserly's S'.r Rtger vs. Bartel
Bri s. 1 Ballroom Tielle; W. Kahn's Gladys
Weller vs. E. W. Farmer's Moonstone; .1.
- -• Andrew vs. George Plnto's Glad
Hand: George Plnto's Mischief vs. Herzog A
Davidson's Geyser; F. Chambell's Princess
Royal vs J. M -Grather's Blower; Jeff Marti
nett's Sally BriLs' vs. Bartel Bros.' Ben's
M. t '»>: A^!i°!d Kennels' Athena vs. Land <<!
■ ■rerti-r's Mount Ida; Jeff Martlnett's Buxton
vh. Pasha Kennels' Ready Answer; R. B. de
B. Lopez's Carmencita vs. Curtis & Son's Fly
ing Fox; Jeff Martlnett's Bemal Boy vs.
Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas: J. Williams' Cali
fornia vs. P. J. McCabe's Craig Boy, T. J.
Harrington's (names) Southerner vs H»rzng
& Davidson's Pirate; T. E. Lovelady's t. E.
1,, v^ .7 Holloway's Brian Bora: P, Casser
lv's Swee) Me id w vs. J. Linehan's Racine;
John '- names) Morning Star vs.
P. McCabe's Sky Blue; t'harles Geisler's Lily
of the Valley vs. James Dean's Glide; F. C.
M ; s Delia M vs. P. J. McCabe's Bone]
■ q'« 1 names) s uthern Girl
vs. J. MeG: '■' se; .r. Neary*s Touche
- O. Hausler's Gloria; Land & Gerber's
Rlvnza vs Gotte's The Beaver; R.
D ■■!•■>■- \V " '■ - i: Strfhl'<: Three
■ , .1. II Si:. '.tli's Peggy Primrose vs
Bartel Bros.' Border's Best; George Plnto's
Hermanlta vs. William Kah : lal; R.
B Lopez's Peplta vs F. A. McComb's
William Wallace: George Lahusen's Fire Fly
Kernan's Bowery 803 Veneld Kennels'
Apollo vs. F. Rothman's Justice.
WILL RUN AT NEW PARK.
The draw for the opening meeting of
the Ban Mateo Coursing Park took place
last night. The stake was filled with
eighty dogs, the best of them being Con
nemara, Gladiator, Royal Flush, White
head,, Victor King. Ida. Kid McCoy,
Young America, Plow Boy, Crawford
Lad, T.;.\;r. Bohe, Wild Tralee and
ThornhHl. First prize Is $250, runner up
$150, third $100, three at $.'■) each, ten at
$15 and twenty at $10, a total of $1100. The
draw resulted as follows:
Open stake— A. C. Bradbury's Sardonic vs.
Gus ■• ' rcn mbie's Victor King; Gus Ahercrom
bie's Irma vs. R. E. de B. Lopez's Wonder;
It. E. ■!•• B. r^opez's Wanda vs. C. Whelan's
Whisk Broom; Diamond Kennels' Silence vs.
Watson .*< Lawlor's Richmond Lead; Kay &
Trant's Hawker vs. 1' A. McComb's Royal
Flush; Handy & Smith's Ida vs. E. M. Kel
logß's Kid McCoy: M. P. Whu ing's Wadena
vs. G:is Abercrombie's Miss Richmond; .1. I.
O'Brien's Statesman vs. Curtis & Son's Nar
cissus; F. C. Mack's Valley Forge vs. Murphy
& 'Poland's Tea Rose; J. P. Thrift's St. Michael
v? M. Tiernan's ■■■■:. -' Ion ; Kay &
Tram's Eclipse vs. M. P. Whiting's St. An
thony; O. J. Olsen's Sunburst vs. P. .T. Heilly's
Plow Boy; H. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad vs.
Diamond Kennels' Lady Blanche; J. P. Thrift's
Brutus vs. Curtis & Son's Cash; A. M. M ■•-
Cloud's Royal Fan vs. Handy & Smith's Pe
ironlus; W. Creamer's Jesse Moore vs. D.
Shannon's Soubrette; C. B. 6 tack pole's (names)
Whltehead vs. J. O' Shea's Young America: M.
P. Whiting's Minneola vs. Gus Abercrom
bie's Rock Island Boy; .T. Keenan's Royal
Oak vs. .T. Scggerson's Gold Hill: J.
Dean's Gladiator vs. I). O'Connell's Satan;
C. I. Appleby's Little Sister vs. Lowe &
Thompson's Prince Hal; .1. O" Shea's Golden
Rule vs. D. O'Connell's Clipper; .7. Dean's
Gallant vs. L C. Foulke's Rowena; Murphy
& Toland's Pleasant Girt vs. Daly & Slebein's
Gypsy; T. J. Sullivan's Rubicon vs. Curtis &
Son's The Fran: F. Murphy's Gilt Edge vs. R.
E. de B. Lopez's Arrow; D. Shannon's Safe
puard vs. M. .1. Browning's Mountain Belle;
.1. Keenan's Royal Buck vs. Curtis & Son's
Luxor: J. Dean's Connemara vs. Ed Wilson's
Magnet; Curtis & Son's Beacon vs. J. Sesger
«on's Candelaria: Sterl & Knowles' Frosty
Morn vs. F. Adams' White Diamond: Daly &
Biebeln'a Phylock Boy vs. Connell Brothers'
Senorita; T. J. Harrington's Beau PeejV vs.
J. L. Ross" Jessica; W. P. Connor's Peaceful
Glen vs. J. Keenan's Blacklock; J. H. Perl-
Ko's Bohe vs. .1. O'Shea's Golden Gate; F. A.
McComb's Motto vs. .1. J. Edmond's i
Glory: J. Bradshaw's Beauty vs. T. .1. Cronln's
Wild Tralee: J. Bradshaw's Enterprise vs. M.
Tiernan's Van Brax; E. M. Kellogg'a Sweet
Emma vs. T. J. Crontn's Thornhill; D. Fal
lon's Lily of the West vs. Cqnnell Brothers'
Log Boy. ____^____^___^.
REIFF IS
OUTRIDING
TOD SLOAN
Elder Brother Again Lands
Two Winners at the Gat-
wick Meeting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. IS— At the second day
of the Gatwlck meeting to-day Stage Vil
lain, ridden by "Skeets" Martin, won the
Gatwlck Midnight handicap. Tod Sloan
rode Jiffy 11, but was unplaced. Thirteen
horses ran. The betting was 10 to 1 against
Bi - Villain and 3to 1 against Jiffy 11.
The Mole plate was captured by Dewy
'•: .. ridden by L. Reiff. Sloan "finished
ad with Kgir.ont. Thirteen horses
!. Betting, Dewy Rose was 5 to 1,
Egmont 9 t<> 2.
Red Hill welter handicap was won
;■• Musetta, Georgiana second, with L.
!'-■ Iff up, and Nipper third. Six horses
; ran. Betting against Georgiana, 13 to 8.
Escurlal, ridden by L. Reiff, won the
Crawter selling handicap. Eleven horses
ran. Betting against Escurinl 7 to 1.
JEFFRIES' ARM STEAMED.
Champion Compelled to Let Up Con- i
siderably in His Training.
NEW T')RK. Oct. 18.— James J. .Teffrios j
came to New York from ARbury Park
apaln to-day and his lame arm was
steamed. This treatment will have to be!
kept up for a vreek and thf champion will
not be able to do active training until it is
finished.
The bipr fellow reached >>- v y O rk at ■
7:30 o'clock. He went directly to the doc
tor's ofllce. The steaming process occu
pied thirty minutes. The effects are very
pleasing and Jeffries declared the Injured
member felt much better after the opera- i
tion.
Jfffrles will not rest absolutely. The
road and track work will be kept' up and
a certain amount of exercise will be given
to the injured arm.
San Francisco Club Boxers.
Alex Oreggains, matrhmaker of San
Francisco Athletic Club, lias arranged an
exceptionally strong programme of box
lnp for the club's monthly exhibition to
nlffht at 317 Sixth street. The principal
bout v.ill be between ".lark" McMahon
and Gene Mulligan. They have met
twice before and each has a victory to
his credit. Both are exceptionally hard
hitters and should make an interesting
bout. There will be three other bouts
between picked amateurs, which should
)>e up to the standard fixed by the club
in the past Alex Orepgains will referee
the various matches and will keep the
boxers at work.
Brooklyn Takes Second Game.
PHILADELPHIA.- Oct. IS.— Brooklyn turned
the tables on the Phillies to-day in the second
of a scries of five exhibition games. The cham
pions won by,, opportune hitting. Score:
' Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 5 14 3
Philadelphia ..4 9 1
: Batteries — Dunn. MeJames and McGulre*
Donohue and McFarland. Umpire— Latham.
The Crystal Hot Sea Bath».
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm tea
.waiw tttJ> Uil »wlmmlnji. hatha. Koith Beach. *
GOSSIP OF
THE HITTERS
AND TWIRLERS
Rating of the League Clubs.
Dudes and Lobsters
Practically Tied.
The interest in the league race has been
switched from the | battle between the
■ adera to the hand-to-hand struggle be
tween Oakland and Santa Cruz. For all
practical accounting both teams are tied,
but 2 per cent separating them in the
ranking column.
The two games which the Dudes took
from the Lobsters last Sunday bridged
the breach, and though the former are
still in the position which seemed theirs
for keeps, they may be third before the
wfok is out. Oakland's record of late is
no less than phenomenal; but very few
games have been lost out of the last
twenty played. This week Oakland meets
harder game, the locals, an.l s.me close
bas. hall should result. The change made
of late in the distribution of positions in
the local team has made it a stronger
nine.
There are two distinct groups in the
four teams playing ball to-day. San
Francisco and Sacramento are in one
group. Oakland and Santa Cruz in the
other. Between the first two teams there
Is a break of 27 per cent, and between the
groups ]i>n p<-r cent. To oust San Fran
cisco from second place will be a difficult
task, and It is not likely to be accom
plished tiiis Beason. San Francisco may
top Sacramento, but every indication
points tv the supremacy of the Senators.
The nest few weeks will decide which
u-am will win the championship.
The ranking of teams is as follows:
If the crowd jeers and hoots at Mr.
Whelan, the sulky pitcher of Santa Cruz,
the I lult lies not with the public hut with
the twirler liims<.-ir". Last Sunday after
noon nls conduct and manner wore suco
as to draw forth hissing disapprobation
from men, women and children. The raan
ner of his going Into the box and the In
solence uf his bearing should be cans.- for
a fixing of a stiff penalty on the part of
tin- manager of the team.
Babbitt distinguished himself in the
ten-inning game Sunday afternoon. X<>t
h nit wns made off his delivery, and this
on top of the morning game. In which he
twirled six innings, shows him to be a
pit ;her of no mean ability.
Drennan is making himself a sensation
In the middle field. There are few hard
drives within the possibility of his reach
thai he does not attack.
The managers of the league are think
ing over the bringing nut of an Eastern
team this year. So far only a geiferal
correspondence has been conducted.
Neither the champions nor the second
team In the National League are anxious
to make the trip; at least their managers
are nm. Another plan that has been con
sldered la to pret together an All-California
tc-iim from the men of this State now
p!.-iyinK in the East and arrange a series
With a picked team of the State League.
"BILLY" KENNEDY WAS
SURPRISED BY FRIENDS
The Ex-Superintendent of the Olym
pic Club Presented With a Gold
Watch and Chain.
■U'illlam J. Kennedy, the popular ex
superintendent of the Olympic Club, re
ceived a pleasant surprise from his
friends yesterday afternoon. It was in
the shape of a handsome sold watch and
chain and testimonial, which were pre
sented to him by his fellow club mat.'s
in appreciation for the many courtesies
extended them during his seven years'
term hi" office in the well-known athletic
institution.
When Mr. Kennedy resigned his position
in the club there were many regrets, as
by bis courteous manner and kindly treat
ment he had won a host of followers. The
hitter,- anxious to show their good feeling
toward him. hit upon the plan of present
ing him with something substantial as a ■ !
mark of their esteem. Within a short i
time a large sum was collected without
his knowledge, and this was devoted to •
obtaining a beautiful watch, chain and '
locket and to having a testimonial en- I
grossed. Engraved in the inner case of
the handsome timepiece was the inscrip
tion. "To "William J. Kennedy, from his
friends in the Olympic Club." As is his
usual wont. Kennedy went to the chib
yesterday afternoon to play handball. He
did not notice that a larger number of i
men were idling around the gymnasium
than usual, until he was called" from his
exercise by Fred Butz. In a few well
chosen words the well-known sprinter
handed him a plush case containing th°
valuable present and also the framed tes
timonial. "Billy" stammered out some
thing, thanking them for their kindness ■
to him. His eyeglasses grew foggy and ; :
words failed him. His friends, seeing his : :
plight, shook him by the hand and patted !
him heartily on the back.
In the evening Fred Butz, James Me- i !
Kirov. S. F. Ifugh»s and Frank MeClel- j
land dined the happy man at a downtown i i
rotlsserie and later escorted him to the ' ■
theater. "Billy" Is so proud of the token I
that he is wearing his pocket out admlr
ing the timepiece and showing his friends '
his beautiful present.
Acme Club Sold Out.
OAKLAND. Oct. IS.— Thf> closing scene :
in the life of the Acme Club took place
to-day, v. hen Auctioneer Max Mareuse i
sold the furniture and apparatus. There
, was a large attendance, but it was nt- :
tracted mnro by curiosity than a desire
to purchase. Last night several small
i articles wore taken from the club, but It
is presumed that they wore owned by mi
i dividual member?. Hugo Abrahamson.
; one of the owners of the building, who
j levied the attachment, bought in a great '
I deal of the stuff, and it is thought that
the old clubru.im will still be used fo 1 " '
athletic purposes.
■jgPjJjf God the Inventor !
HBSIS^^i;: ; u, So writes Mrs. Robert Mathews, Lower Lake, Cal., Oct. 11th, and adds: "I suf-
f|plp!?;f^|^ |V/ «^p ere( * terribly from Sciatica and other pains, but since using your Electric Belt Treatment
V-^1 lam a different woman. The pains are gone and lam stronger every way."
■BfSHteS-"-" What power there must be in a remedy like this! How strongly such testimony points
I^^^ t0 that « reat curB
IBpHip Dr. McLaughlin's Belt!
W& w^m& • AflLrlJclUgllllll o JDt/IL;
P^yi ?S^"i t m My new method of applying electricity is specially suited to woman's pains. Thelife-
: §Jli§g&--$\ H- *'~?m giving current is the ideal tonic ; it renews wasted forces expels irritating impurities which
jfip;&l|^ri j, jH cause suffering and strengthens the muscles and tissues of the organs. By this famous appli -
SEm ft" ' '«™ cation lbe warm ' D S" voltage from my Belt mingles with the magnetism of the body and casts
Bi*r 'S*\V ;" I i 'l ■ out the disease. My new method absolutely cures those nervous and painful ailments so in-
HKjfc-ft«Jiivfo >-« cident to the female system.
The discs of my batteries being cushion covered do not blister even the most delicate skin, like the hare metals in other belts.
You are requested to call or correspond and notice my treatment. Advice free. , r ;:■»■
nO 11 A II a I AllflUl 111 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, office Koors-s a.m. toSi3o .m
Bill SVI U ItflPlfilllvHsEN S.F.. and Bundle* Block. Sundays. 10 to 1.
llSli Bill 111 IBM V U Ulll-l 111 Cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
THE EMPORIUM.
» Daily Spe- I WmmW^mWMW%g%W^MU M*M Asl^ 0 -
« C'3f 63/CS E3 feakal!*'* svpr*^i ~i —
* ™^J n ' eG ' r CAUFCRmAS L&QGCST-AMERICAS Oddest STOHE. Creams. *
ft ■ . *
I Remnant Sale Laces, Em- ]
I broideries, Chiffons, Veilings %
I and Ribbons. |
f One-Quarter Oft Regular Prices. %
ft For this day only we will allow the above discount from our already ♦
* reduced prices on 3000 remnants of Torchon, Valenciennes, ?'■
% ' Oriental and Silk Laces, Embroideries, Chiffons, Veilings and *
* Ribbons— all handsome desirable goods — remnants made during *
J the present season. <■
ft , r «
ft Thursday Only. These big price re- VT'ursdav Only. For "*
i Millinery 011 are p° si - 'Men's 50c J hi ; «
* Specials, odv: ° r ° day Overshirts, 38c. *
J B ack Quids, th? kind si much worn this in? we have selected J^*l ca^fv ♦
ft season — axtra special for to-lay, each 30 dozen Heavy Cot- «s^§^^^X^k-* ♦
ft 2C ton Negligee Shirts, -/v^E *
ft Fine French Felt Hat Shape-, thi» sea- ; made by one of the 1 p&jjLcj&ify *
* son's newest sty es aid co orings no! best-known makers on ] '^^r|^^l ;i J
ft blacks), prices always $1 and .51.25 the coast, shspely, j, ••;■ . j _■ ! | : •▼ !■ J
J each — special to- ray t 4-& C fuil size, strong seams, ■:j :jj ' :'• : |
? Ladies' Handsomely Trimmed Has, Vei- splendid wearing ma- I. i i ; , ,'jj jt; ■' ! ;
vet, Win s and Ornaments, prkesal- terials, in an assort- [. ■ '■]' ■[■ •; :I | <#
ft ways $12, $13.50 anl $15 ea^h— sd°- m-nt of neat, desir- Ij j ! :]; : J: ; |jJ!j <f
ft cialto-diyat $9*45 a le patterns, Shirts Kjj ij : .' > . '•' •';» "*
♦ 1 ;thit always sell for •;jI; • ! j j; *
* _ _ , „_ , 503 each or more, in ' f .ill , s i
ft ThursdivOnlv. We have 150 Ha f- ; regru i ar s ; ze3 , 14^ to ;|: :: V ':: f! I
* Half-parrs^\ Lac r:w i . special to-day ; i :.";! : ? : I
a *,**£'*£'>+** Curtains, 3 yards while the lot lasts at JiiiJXiiujJ 5 *
* UUriaSBIS* Ion?, full width, 3Q C -*^^^w j
J* wmte or ec v, good for single windows *" * . . . <%
« or odd places, which we cffer for this Thursday Only. ■+
day on y at one-half their re uil valu; 4OC China ' *
ft to-day's prices «->■-.* • <'
ft l^lS.™T36c to $i.60 each Pitchers, 23c. «
ft Fine Cir sbad
Chios Milk N/vS^t^^^ _ •■
ft Thursday Only. We < ff.-rfnr to-day only Pitchers, fancy V/^W^T^k X
t A GOOSI g enune p CDngO . fl , W.,oi| shapes as in pic- .' M^W 1 I
ft f* «&**** 9^s% Caaes, either the ture an assort- | !.ip7ff?V*H- ff *
* Gaffe, 47 G* Prince of Wales | man i of pretty \tJIOJjS - *
ft flower decora- \&-&J&fl~$ <f
ft M> -•■-■•-. • ' -.-■-»-rTTTS*-~-A tions , regularly V^^-^ *
ft 40c each, special ft* -111 / *
* for t r's day 0n1v... /^ji 2,
* or Opera Crook Hind'e, mounted with 23c J
J sterling silver — the special price, each... — 2
* 27c T .T>av On'v. We place on sale to- +
ft _ Wrapper diy - vardsof *
* 2r s^O,/, t W, offer 50 FiatMsSS, 7C. P ie c i e n fi°d 5
* Side OombS, A 0 , C /' U Wrapper F^nes, in a large range of ♦
f f^?*» Pair* c-a r k "•" 'e» a!ld effective designs, a'so plain J
i v „ , f Sldelombs ' m colorings, our well-known 10: values- J
* shell and amber _,;,======,,. for to-day only, p^r yard.:.— .T^-;7o ;
_ all t*iu ULrtcsL jyjT /•^/Jlfljff'li4>i — ■—' ■ ' -
*ar «>« WBlm ure ? od # "•'"»-'" ♦
* from 25c to 35c P«"'" UW^W/W i Department. tob 3 r Cata- «
ft per pair — to- lay r lo2ue, ju« f-om press : <
ft only at the vary special pric=, pr Ghirardel.i's Ground Chocolate, 1-lb tin* ♦
» pair 18C 2SO J
ft t Ghirardelii's Breakfast Cocoa, }^-'ib tins
f For Three Dais. Theie thre? deep 200
U, B Sttttannf cuts in prices on ; Ghirarde'li's Breakfast Co:oa, 1-lb tins... i^w
ft ™* UO r * high-grade Tquors 390 «
i. &peCiatS. are for Thursday, Van Houten'* Cocoa, 1-lb tins 750 *
ft Fr.day an iSi urdav on'y : I Van Houten's Cocoa, >^-lb tins 4-Oc *
ft Port Ot* Shrrry? our popular Tec' Kab itt's Soip, 7 cikes lor 2 So T
*.. per <; i! Ot grade, for 550 Homin-, 10-!b sack 3 for 25c 2,
? Cedar 1 Run Sour be ft rep .ar y F«cy Mime Sweet Co n, cans lOC
a $i.60 <-at'on for &2.00 Hiywards T matoe?, ga'lon cans... 2QO +
ft Pure Grzpe Brandy, regularly Imported French Peas, tins 13 <#
ft $3 a gallon, for $2*25 and 85c. Cornmeal, yellow or whita, 10-lb sack ... ♦
ft fail quart Lotties So: 6Oc 170 ♦
* =z=z=i:=zz==: *
ft The Pants Sale continues until closing time Satur- *
|[ day night. We are offering the fine Worsted Trousers, manu- «
* facturcd by Win: Crcgar of 14 Sansdme street to retail at $4 *
ft and $j per pair, far $2.90. Mr. Cre gar has retired from bust- *
ft f ness, which accounts for our ability to make this extraordinary «
* offer. Don't miss it. *
IT WAS BY MISTAKE
THAT GOAT WAS SENT
HOFFMANN SO EXPLAINS TO
THE HEAXTH BOARD.
The Nymphia Hotel Condemned as
Unsanitary and Unfit for
Habitation.
The Board of Health held its regular
monthly meeting last night. Dr. J. Henry
Bnrbat presiding in the absence of Mayor
Phelan. After some minor reports were
read. Chief Market Inspector N. P. "tt'itze
mann was called on to submit his report.
Wltzemann stated that on Tuesday he
had found some goat meat in the County
Hospital and yesterday had found, while
inspecting meats at the Almshouse, two
legs of goat meat ready to be cooked.
"When asked if he could easily distinguish
dr.ssed mutton from dressed goat meat
he replied: "I could tell the difference in
this case all right; the legs had whiskers
on "em. and billygoat is not mutton."
A Mr. Hutton. representing Hoffman A
Woene, the contracting bu;chers. muos
tioned the inspector and brought out the
fact that the butchers were willing at any
time to rectify any mistakes or make
good any deliciencies. Hoffmann, the se
nior member of the firm, was ask.»d to
explain to the hoard why goat meat had
been substituted for mutton. He ex
plained that he did not kill his meats, but
t eived them dressed from the big but
chers; thru among a large number of
dressed sheep a jruat might pass unde
THE EMPORIUM.
tected, as It took an expert to distinguish
the difference offhand. If he had deliv
ered goat meat for mutton it was through
mistake and not intentional on his part.
Goat meat was as good as mutton, he de
clared, and not unwholesome. His firm,
he alleged, had given nothing but first
class meat to the institutions— as good, in
fact, as supplied to any hotel in San
Francisco. The matter was referred to
the superintendents of the institutions,
with orders to instruct their stewards to
report later to the City and County Hos
pital Committee.
Dr. Lawlor reported that the city
chemist had made thirty-six tests of
shrimps caught in the vicinity of But
chertown and that the tests showed poi
sonous matter in every case. On motion
of Dr. Coffey, the health officer was or
dered to arrest all persons having
shrimps from F.utchertown in their pos
session.
On the report of Dr. L.awlor the board
declared the Nymphia Hotel condemned
as unlit for habitation.
'In.- resignation of Dr. Charles Ellin
wood as visiting physician was accepted
and Dr. Emmet Rixford was appointed to
fill the vacancy. The board presented
resolutions of thanks to Drs. Tillman and
Peters for services rendered at the Twen
ty-sixth str'-rt Hospital.
A Potrero Bazaar.
A grand bazaar in aid of the Catholio
church in the Potrero will open on Friday
evening. November 3, in St. Teresa's Hall,
on Tennessee street. Following is the
list of booths and ladies having them in
charge: St. Teresa— Mrs. John Flanagan:
Sacred Heart— Miss Minnie Daly and Mis*
Annie McXamara; Ladies' Auxiliary. Co
lumbia Circle No. 2— Mrs. Harry O'Don
nell: Immaculate Conception— Miss Sarah
Lennon; refreshment table — Mrs. John
Bowes and Mrs. Terence Gafney: candy
stand— Mrs. Bernard Curtis; lemonade
stand, Miss Annie Cullen.
56
THURSDAY OCTOBER 19, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sis.. S. F
TeUphono Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WZKK.
Single Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by Mall, Including Postage:
r>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). on« year ;..fO.OO
jr>AILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), « m0nth5........ 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ..♦•.. 50
SUNDAY CALL One Year ~ — » « i* so
WEEKLY CALL One Year ♦• l '°°
All postmasters are authorized to recelT-: subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNEB6,
Manager Foreign Advertising, ftlarquotto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squat*
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKLNS JR 29 Trlbuao Building
CHICAGO STANDS.
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Norther* ■**!
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDB.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Breataao. SI Union Square]
Hurray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
«J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay.
Bopen8 open until 9:20 o'clocK. 30C Hayes street, open until
30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 Larktn street, open until 9:30 o'clock
iWl Mission street, open until 10 o'clock.. 22.C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '09*
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW- corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Hotel ToDsy Turvy."
California— "Magrda,"
< irphtfum— "Vaudeville."
Tlvolt— "Cavalleria" and "Pagllacci."
Alcazar— "The Masked all."
Grand Opera House— "Nanon."
Chutes. Z^u and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oiympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets Specialties.
Central Park — Steeplechase and performances.
Association Hall — Concert.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Watkl ns— Saturday, October 21, at 11 o'clock. Horses,
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By Kaston, Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, October 24, at 12
o'clock. Ural Estate, at 63S Market street.
FLOOD WATER GWMERSHIP.
TH] -age convention to be held in this
the 14th of next month promises to be
: very u.-eiul enlightenment upon
subjects. It is not called to con
m-freshet waters, nor to amend
nor to interfere
with existing water ownership and
tribution. That ownership under
*. or wrong. The law for
i the normal tio.v of water in streams may
Neither concerns the convention.
It will not seek to disturb contracts made by ditch
le of water. It has no interest
■ • by individuals or corporations
: lakes or natural reservoirs. It will say
and using water, "< ro
ou can and put it to use; the State
it."
ncerned solely with something
x, something that it is de
• by private or corporate enter
_ that is ' • v sted and unused,
c would multiply the
• power and irrigation.
id water, the surplus that
nd immediately runs back
into thi ater does not be
. the riparian owner. His right is limited to
the stream. The storing of
his right, inflicts no
on him and cannot be enjoined in his in
terest because he is not damnified thereby. These
principles are confirmed by a long line of judicial
ns. The riparian owner has no title to the
■ : To whom, then, does it
ild that under a just interpretation of
gnty it belongs to the State. It
is api et of the State. In the absence
ulating its public ownership it may
tributed to necessary use by a court,
but it ■■ of the State.
The ho favor a Federal storage policy
I that the State abandon this valu
: States; that the State sur
it to a political sovereignty which the State
■ control! Suppose that after this were done
the process of educating the East lags or fails. We
will then be in the position of having given away
an as^et worth many millions which the donee refuses
which we cannot recover to our own use.
The proposition i= a dangerous one. The people of
• • y that their property in flood
waters le to the United States, but should
remain an asset of the State and by the State should
be subjected to economic use as rapidly as possible.
In this view of State ownership the subject of dis
tribution i<; lifted upon a new plane entirely, where
it is unfettered nnd unvexed by the methods neces
sary to riparian ownership.
when the idea of State ownership is fully
taken in, the charge of State socialism or communism
is answered and disproved. The State, having the
sole right to this flood water, because none other
can in the nature of things own it, has a free field
for it? conservation and distribution. It is not pa
ternalism nor socialism; It is the devotion of State
rry to the economic uses and benefit of the
people.
There is nothing small about the enthusiasm of
Vermont over her favorite son. It is said a good
many people of that State told Admiral Dewey if he
the Presidency Vermont stands ready to give
it to him.
Admiral Dewey is going to make a visit to Atlanta
Georgians asked him in a way he
couldn't resist Now why should not California be
eqftally eloquent in invitation?
Phelan obtained a good many Republican votea
in former elections by his promises, but this time
he has to run on his record, and the result will be
different. ,
The School Board is still at the old stand and the
Grand Jury is with us, but when will the ruction be
gin?
PHELAN ON PATRIOTISM.
IN his speech at the meeting to ratify his nomina
tion Mr. Phelan's narrow-minded partisanship
could not be concealed. With that peculiar intel
lectual obtuseness which is one of his gifts he turned
what began as a compliment intended to coax Repub
lican votes into an insult. Speaking of the Repub
lican ratification meeting he said: "I am sorry for
my Republican friends. * * * Why, the gentle
men who appeared before you are fighting wars in
the Philippines, although Major Geary met but few
of them over there. "
The Mayor evidently proposes to claim not only all
civic virtue but all national patriotism for what he
calls "a new Democracy." Begging for Republican
votes, knowing that they have twice elected him, he
yet feels strong enough to utter the charge that Re
publicans were not patriotic enough to enlist under
their country's flag in the Spanish war. He is not
sure that even some of them went to the Philippines,
for "Major Geary did not find many of them over
there." According to the Mayor the Republicans, for
whose votes he hopes, are without civic pride and are
void of patriotism. The First and Eighth regiments
of the California National Guard were composed of
his new Democracy, according to his view, and Re
publicans refused to heed the call of their country
and State! It stretches one's credulity to believe that
after being called unpatriotic cowards by the Mayor
the Republicans of this city will indorse his characteri
zation of them by giving him a single Republican
vote. Let him get his votes from his party. His slur
at Republican patriotism is, we believe, the first in
sult of the kind that has been uttered. It is a charge
that membership in the Republican party is inconsis
tent with the love of country and with the instinct
which ' : the flag. It is a charge that the coun
try would have been without soldiers and the flag
vvould have lacked defenders had it not been for
Mayor Phelan and his party.
By the way. the Mayer is of military age. There
are evidences extant of his virility. But it is not re
corded that he resigned an office and rushed to the
front, like the unthinking warhorse into battle. Hav
ing abided at home, intrenched in official dignity be
hind a corps of card-passers who must be seen before
he can be reached, how has he earned the right to
impeach the patriotism of Republicans? Roosevelt
resigned an office to enter the army. Hamilton Fish
and members of the Astor family left their millions
behind to enlist as privates, and some of them died
fighting. The fact that they, too, inherited their
wealth did not quench their sense of obligation to the
nation whose laws protect their property. They did
not content themselves with presiding at meetings and
making pretty speeches, but they went out to fight.
If Mayor Phelan is so sensitive on the subject now
why did not his patriotic feeling overcome him a year
ago? If he had put on his sword and baldric, belt and
war harness, then, people would be patient under his
criticism now. But he did not. Major Geary did not
find him in the Philippines. The Call started the first
movement for the equipment of the Red Cross So
ciety. Republicans poured money into its treasury,
Democrats. Mr. Phelan as Mayor of the
city had proper respect shown to his office. In all
the activities and hospitalities shown forth by our
people, as Mayor he was given proper place. He
seems now to make the mistake of taking all this as
personal and not official, and both he and Mai or
Geary show a deliberate purpose to coin it into po
litical capital. No one can reasonably object to the
magnifying of his own spectacular and oratorical ser
vice by the Mayor. To laud himself is natural with
him, and as he is acquainted with his subject and loves
to present it, no one would deny him the opportunity.
But when he goes beyond this and attacks the pa
triotism of the whole Republican party there is re
vealed a malicious disposition and a narrow mind.
His offense is heightened by the fact that he has been
at every election repudiated by a sufficient number of
his own party to have beaten him, and has been al
ways elected by Republican votes, as he expects to be
now. It remains to be seen whether Republicans
will ratify his contempt for their patriotism and his
vicious attack upon their courage.
In the meeting in winch he let loose this vile ac
cusation there were discordant notes. Dr. Dodge de
nounced the voting of a straight party ticket as a relic
of know-nntbirgism. Will the doctor publicly tell of
the occasions on which he has voted ior Republican
candidates, or will he dodge?
Mr. Cummings, candidate for Auditor, followed and
urged most strenuously and with every appearance of
anxiety that those present vote "the straight Demo
cratic ticket from top to bottom." So the four-and
twenty blackbirds each sang a different song. They
agreed in one thing — that Republican votes are neces
sary to elect them, and therefore advised Republicans
to snub their own ticket. But Democrats were or
dered to vote the party ticket straight.
The telegraph companies have blocked the way
against San Francisco's efforts to obtain either of
j the Presidential conventions, but in the near future
■ the obstacle may be overcome. There is such a
' tiling as wireless telegraphy in the world, and it 13
; extending rapidly.
PARLIAMENT AND THE BOERS
DF.BATES in both houses of Parliament on the
Queen's speech show there will be little or no
opposition to any measures the Government
may take to overwhelm the Boers and establish
British sovereignty throughout South Africa. Dil
lon's motion to amend the address of the Commons
to the Queen by a request that the controversy be
submitted to arbitration was defeated by a vote of
322 to 54, the minority being composed mainly of
Irish members and a few extreme radicals like
Labouchere.
The Liberals, from whom a stronger opposition
might have been expected, contented themselves with
declarations that peace might have been preserved
had the Ministry been less aggressive and more just
in dealing with the Boers. Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, for example, who holds the position of
leader of the opposition, declared: "The Government
is engaged in a game of bluff which is not a worthy
one for a great country like this. The raising of the
suzerainty question was utterly unnecessary and did
more than anything else to remove all chance of suc
cess of the negotiations." Nevertheless Sir Henry
went on to say: "Actual hostilities have commenced,
and an active aggression has been committed, which
it is the plain duty of our Ministers, of Parliament and
of the people to resist. There will be no disposition
on the part of this House to place any obstacle in
the way of granting such supplies and such power 9
to the crown as may be necessary to secure the rapid
and effective prosecution of a war commenced to
vindicate ottr rights. The campaign should be vig
orously and promptly prosecuted, and nothing neces
sary for that purpose should be refused by the House
of Commons."
When the leaders of the opposition speak in that
strain it is clear the Government is to hive a free
hand in carrying on the war. Whatever may be re
quired of men, money, ships or arms will be fur
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
nished to General Buller as promptly as the power
of the empire can raise and forward them. The war
spirit has taken hold of the nation and Parliament
reflects the popular passions and acts upon them.
Weak as the minority is in Parliament, it managed
through its orators to score several times in the de
bates on the address, and some of the words of the
opponents of this latest movement for empire and
aggression will have a wide influence in forming
public opinion outside of Great Britain. Dillon's
plea for international arbitration, for example, is in
line with the growing sentiment of the civilized
world, and there will be a general agreement with
the statement of Labouchere that if there had been
no Cecil Rhodes or if Salisbury had been in the
Colonial Office there would have been no war.
"There is too much stock exchange about the whole
business," said Labouchere. It would be difficult
to express more truth on the subject in as terse a
phrase.
The debate followed in the Lords the course taken
in the Commons. There is no radical party in the
Lords, and as the Liberals there made no opposition
to the Conservatives the Ministry had an easy task.
Lord Kimberley, speaking for the Liberals, con
tented himself with condemning the manner in which
the Government had carried on the negotiations, but
concluded that since war had come his party would
not oppose the Ministry in prosecuting it. Thus
the peace party in Great Britain appears to have
vanished utterly. Cecil Rhodes, Chamberlain and
their supporters have had their way. They have
flung against the Boers the whole weight of the
British empire, and now exult in the prospect of
making themselves masters of the gold mines of the
Transvaal by destroying the independence of the re
public.
About the only recent event in California which
has been given much attention in the East was the
use of wine to fight the forest fire in the Santa Cruz
Mountains. They seem to be very proud on the At
lantic coast over the fact that they are citizens of a
country that has a State so rich the people can fight
tire with claret, and we may yet hear it is the cus
tom in some parts of California to sprinkle lawns
with it.
THE Providence (R. I.) Journal, in commenting
upon the British policy in South Africa, re
bukes the expression of American sympathy
with the Boers. It says: "Whatever may be the
final issue between Great Britain and the Transvaal,
there can be no doubt of the duty of the United
States in the matter. That duty is to preserve abso
lute neutrality. The expressions of sympathy with
1 the Boers which some injudicious persons are put
ting forth will breed rather than avert trouble. As
lor the petitions sent to Victoria and Lord Salis
! bury, they are at once futile and impertinent. It is
. a very good rule to mind one's own business." Other
\ organs of American imperialism hold forth in the
j same strain and treat all expressions of American
' sympathy with the Dutch republic as unpatriotic!
They refer with contempt to the liberty-loving Boers,
brand them as unfit for self-government and as rep
. resenting the civilization of the seventeenth century,
and therefore with no rights deserving the respect of
: the civilization of the nineteenth century.
The Army and Navy Journal, the organ of the two
arms of military service in the United States, says:
"The best interests of South Africa require the suc
cess of the English in the present controversy, and
we should not put ourselves in the false position of
aiding the" cause of a people who, whatever may be
their abstract rights of independence, have no claim
upon our sympathies as a liberal and progressive
people." All this means that Americans must accept
the British view of the controversy and must give
no expression to their sympathy with a brave people,
only two hundred thousand strong, who are under
arms in defense of their independence and right to
self-government in a territory which their courage
conquered from the wilderness, and their love of
liberty dedicated to freedom.
James G. Blame said: "Nothing is more danger
than the forced transfer of territory carrying with
it an indignant and hostile population, and nothing
but a necessity proven before the world can justify
it. It is not a case in which the power desiring the
territory can be accepted as a safe or impartial
judge." England has always claimed to be the sole
judge of the propriety of her aggressions. She
stood in that attitude to our Revolutionary fore
fathers, whom she forced into revolt by denying to
. them the rights of Englishmen under the British
constitution. Her feeling at that time was long
after expressed by Robert Southey in his "Life of
Nelson." Southey was a lad of ten when our
Revolution closed, yet in his maturity he wrote in
the life of the hero of Trafalgar that: 'The Ameri
can colonists had broken the ties of blood and lan
guage and acquired the independence which they had
been provoked to claim, unhappily for themselves,
before they were fit for it." Now the organs of
American imperialism, in a spirit that may be called
insolent, demand that American citizens concur in
the British view of the issue with a young republic,
though it is exactly the same that England held
' toward our ancestors. Contrary to the wise rule es
tablished by Mr. Blame, she sets herself up as the sole
judge in the matter. But what disquiets and sad
dens an American is the order issued to our people
to hush their expressions of sympathy with their
fellow republicans, the Boers.
Heretofore we were the only nation on earth to
which the weak could turn for sympathy in their
battle against the strong. When the "United Irish
men," the combined force of Catholic and Protestant
Ireland which Grattan had joined to fight for liberty,
was in the midst of the struggle of 1798, Thomas
Jefferson at an official dinner gave the toast, "Suc
cess to the United Irishmen." That toast expressed
American sentiment for all struggling people willing
to offer their lives for independence and self govern
ment. Hitherto its expression has been unchecked
and unrebuked. It has been the cause of the ad
vance of republican institutions everywhere. In its
light absolutism has been transformed into constitu
tional monarchy in every country in Europe except
Russia and Turkey, and in them all the people have
acquired elective voice in legislation. Since Eng
land resisted our forefathers and denounced them as
unfit for the independence to which they aspired
thirty republics have arisen in the world in which, in
the language of Mr. Blame, "the right of the people
to govern themselves, the fundamental basis of re
publican institutions," is recognized.
England is in battle array, ready to use her
mighty power to efface two of these republics, and
we, in whose example they were founded, are com
manded to give our sympathy to the oppressor and
withhold it from the oppressed.
Surely we have sadly changed since we gave to the
world our reasons for declaring the Spanish war.
The shortest and surest road to municipal progress
and reform is by the practice of straight politics in
the support of the straight Republican ticket
MORE RESTRICTION,
WHEN DEWEY DINES WITH THE PRESIDENT.
McKinley: "Be careful, admiral, and don't ask Alger to pass the beef. He's
touchy on that subject." —St. Louis Republic.
MARCONI AND WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
Success of The Call-Herald in Using the New System Excites All
Kinds of Newspaper Comment.
The Call-Herald success In far outstripping all newspaper rivals by giving
the earliest and most accurate bulletins on the Columbia-Shamrock yacht race
by means of special wireless telegraph service has attracted the attention of the
newsgatherlng world. Marconi and his system and its uses and advantages are
at present subjects of all sorts of comments. Below will be found some of the ex
pressions of opinion gathered from newspapers in different sections of the
country:
• • •
Dolbear Will Miss the Laurels.
San Diego Tribune.
Professor Dolbear says he discovered wireless telegraphy before Marconi. Then
he has been strangely backward in demonstrating the practicability of his in
vention. For the present it is probable that the young Italian need not fear
that Dolbear will get any part of his laurels.
• * •
One of the Greatest Inventions of the Age,
Calaveras Prospect.
Marconi's system of wireless telegraphy Is no longer a vague theory, but
will now take its place at. the head of the greatest inventions of the age.
• * *
Marconi and Dolbear.
Columbus Press Post.
Though Professor A. E. Dolbear of Tuft's (Mass.) College is an Ohio man
he Is an alumnus^ of Ohio Wesleyan — his claim that he discovered and secured
patents covering the processes of wireless telegraphy years ago, and that Slgnor
Marconi Is infringing on his rights, is not likely to be championed largely in the
Buckeye State nor anywhere else. Granting that what he claims is true, his
failure to see how it might be applied and to push it is sufficient to lose for
him all the credit to which tho. discovery would In itself entitle him. Marconi is
really discovering wireless telegraphy to the world that has been waiting to use
it, even though Dolbear knew the principles involved and tested them to hia own
satisfaction years ago. The American Indians might with as good right as Dol
bear has claim that they, and not Columbus, were the real discoverers of the
Western Hemisphere. They were here first.
• • *
Wireless Telegraphy.
Philadelphia Times.
Experiments in wireless telegrapny made during the International yacht
races appear to Justify some general conclusions with regard to the usefulness
of this mode of electric communication. Marconi, who may be considered the
inventor of the practical system thus far developed, has himself directed the
transmission of dispatches between a steamer accompanying the yachts at sea
and a station at one of the lighthouses on shore, whence they were again trans
mitted to New York. It is conceded, of course, that this aerial telegraphy can
not, for various reasons, supplant that by wires and cables; but the fact that
intelligible messages can be thus transmitted at all, with reasonable directness
and accuracy, is in itself important.
Many circumstances can be imagined under which this system would be
valuable where wires or cables do not exist, as between ships at sea or between
a ship off shore and the land, or where communication by wire or cable has been
interrupted. The most obvious limitation of the system in its present develop
ment Is in the lack of privacy. A message sent from one station might be
picked up at any numbor of other stations. Rut it is q-uite conceivable that
this may be overcome by future invention, the experiments already made having
already indicated to inventors the direction in which they are to work.
The military uses of wireless telegraphy are somewhat problematical. In the
navy, as among scattered vessels of a squadron on a cruise, its adaptability ap
pears less doubtful. Thus far the invention has not passed the stage of curious
experiment. In communicating between points that are or can be connected
by a metallic conductor, nothing is likely to be gained from the new system.
Yet so much has been done with it in so short a time that it would be foolish
to set a limit upon its possible development.
The Call and Wireless Telegraphy.
Healdsburg Tribune.
One of the greatest, |f no t the greatest, discovery of the waning days of the
nineteenth century Is the wireless telegraph. The use nf wireless telegraphy In
the evolutions of the English fleet in a great measure proves its efficacy. Dis
patches were sent a distance of sixty miles with apparent ease, and the reporting
of the international yacht races, flfteen miles at sea, the connection with land
wires and reporting of the movements of the contesting vessels a distance of
3000 miles and posting them on the bulletin boards of the San Francisco Call in
three minutes after the events- transpired. Is truly astonishing. The scientific
question involved is. Is the transmission of dispatches by wireless telegraphy due
to the passage of the electric current through earth or air, or is it due to the
vibration of ether waves? Hertz has given us ether waves millions of miles long
and 400.000.000.000 of vibrations for dull red light. The uses to which wireless
telegraphy can be put are practically unlimited. The cutting of land wires, either
in advance or in the re-ar of an advancing army, would be of little effect, as a
communication could be held over the heads of the opposing armies. There ia
also another question Involved. Would not the erection of a pole and receiver at
any point within a limited distance also receive the dispatches intended for
other ears, thus doing away with the secrecy of the telegraph? Marconi, the
Italian inventor whose system is being used, is a personal attendant on the
yacht races, and will at their conclusion conduct a series of experiments for
our Government. At present we can but conjecture the ultimate of the system.
MORE PRAISE FOR THE "HOME STUDY CIRCLE
Rev, John A. B. Wilson Says the Course Has Been Selectep
With Great Good Sense.
San Francisco, Oct. 6, 1899.
To the Editor of the Call — My I
Dear Sir: lam in fullest sympa_l
thy with your plan of ' 'Home Study I
Work. ' ' Go forward by all means. I
Whatever broadens the opportuni_l
ties of culture to busy working I
people lifts the average of ourl
citizenship and blesses our na- I
tion.
Your course of study has beenß
selected with great good sense. l
I could wish that a place had beenß
found for the critical study of that great
civilizer and storm center of the world's
uplift— the Bible. But you have done well.
I shall endeavor to find time to take up the
course myself . Yours sincerely,
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
JOPLJN-H. 8., City. There is no record
of any place namea" Joplin In Maine, but
there is such a place fn Missouri. The
population of that place is 9900
MRS. LOGAN-L., Pacific Grove. Cal
Mrs. Mary Cunningham Logan, widow of
the late General John A. Logan, was born
in Petersburg (now Sturgeon), Mo., Au
gust 15, IS3S.
A PILOT-C. X.. City. When a pilot
takes charge of a vessel he has full charge
Pastor of the Howard
street Methodist
Episcopal Church,
San Francisco.
? fm ». the snilln & o f the vessel from the
time he assumes that charge until she
drops anchor or is made fast. If a pflot
f 5?l U 5, e arKe harSe ° f * StCamer he ""
BOATSWAIN AND GUNNER— H M
Alameda, Cal. The pay of a boatswain
on board of a United States man-of-war
is $1200 for the first enlistment of thr»
years; $1300 for the second enlistment
ll*W for the third: $1600 for the fourth'
and $1800 after twelve years. They pay of
the seaman's gunner is $2b per month.
| ARMY CANTEEX-il., Kent, Butter !
Pni The sale of intoxicating
ffisTamflhe FreVh & for a very
long period. __
ENLISTING-G. E. M.. City. Wishing
to enlist in the United States army, the
individual must present himself in person.
He cannot be "enlisted by telegraph He
cannot be "discharged by telegraph but
« tplesrranh message may be sent by the
Uartment feting that
be discharged from the service oy tne
proper authorities.
TELEGRAPH Y-C. B. W., Sacramento,
Cal The news of the yacht races was
transmitted by wireless telegraphy from
the sending vessel to a point on shore
and then transmitted by Western Union
wire to The Call. The messages are re
layed, but there was very little time lost
in that. It is possible to have direct com
munication from San Francisco to New
York without relays.
SAN RAFAEL— Durecia, City. The dis
tance from San Francisco to San Rafael
In Marin County, in an air line is about
twelve miles. The latter place is reached
by two lines of steamers and railroads.
By one route the distance is eighteen
miles, by the other fifteen miles. By one
route the time is sixty-five minutes and
by the other seventy minutes. If you will
visit the place, which will entail a v*xy
small outlay of money, you will be able
to obtain better information as to tne
several matters asked about than coma
be given through a newspaper.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. O. D. Norton, U. S. N., is a guest
at the Palace.
R. A. Long, an attorney of Willows, is
a guest at the Grand.
Bank Commissioner John Markley is
registered at the Lick from Geyserville.
Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Veack have come
down from Sacramento and are at the
Lick.
Rev. Daniel G. McKinnon has come
down from Stockton and is at the Occi
dental.
E. N. Holmes a wealthy sugar planter
of Hllo, Hawaiian Islands, is at the Cali
fornia.
George Vlckers. a traveler from London,
is among the arrivals of last night at the
Palace.
Timothy Lee of the lone Industrial
School is making a short visit to the city.
He is at the Lick.
James Barnes Jr., a wealthy mining
man of Seattle, Is among the recent ar
rivals at the Grand.
Roy L. Quackenbush, an employe of the
War Department, is registered at the Pal
ace from Washington, D. C.
R. M. Mem, a well-known mining man
whose interests extend throughout the
State, is registered at the Palace.
Dr. Le Roy Southmayd, a prominent
Montana physician, is at the Occidental
on a visit of pleasure to the coast.
1 W. E. Griber, one of the leading busi
ness men of Sacramento, Is registered at
the Palace, where he arrived yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. R. I. Bentley, two promi
nent society people of Sacramento, are at
the Lick on a short pleasure trip to this
city.
Ex-Superintendent of Public Instruction
S. T. Black is a guest at the Lick, where
he arrived yesterday from his home in
San Diego.
R. D. Holabird, a well-known real es
tate man of Los Angeles, is staying at
the Grand while on a short business visit
to the city.
Paris Commissioner E. W. Runyon is
at the Palace, where he arrived yester
day from his home in Red Bluff. Mrs.
Runyon accompanies her husband.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 18.— George T. Carter
of San Jose Is at the Holland. Miss S. P.
Brewster of San Francisco Is at the Neth~
erland. Mrs. K. Dtvereaux and daughter,
Mr. and Mrs. Sigmund Stern, Miss Elsie
S. Stern, of San Francisco, are at the
i Plaza.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. IS.— Dr. H. N.
Block of San Francisco is at the Raleigh;
F. W. Lacey of San Francisco is at the
St. James; W. A. Levison and family are
visiting relatives in Washington.
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, corner
Mason and Califorrin streets; open daily.*
Every traveler ought to see Townsend's
display of California glace fruits, 50c lb, in
fire-etched boxes. 6^7 Mrkt., Palace Hotel.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tiie
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ♦
New Dental Association.
Articles of Incorporation of the National
Dental Association were filed yesterday.
The capital stock is $50,000. all of which
has been subscribed. 1 .«r.~. E. X. Bar Due
D. E. Barg.T ami \Y. T. Bell. J. C. Har
ris, J. J. Hoagland. De Loss Bar Di;.
Senator H. V. Morehouse are the corpor
ators.
The Rock Island Wall Map of the
United States
Ie the best offered to the public. It Is very
large and specially adapted to Bchool pur
poses. Every teacher of geography and every
business office should have one. Ft will be sent
post paid to any address on receipt of fifteen
cents In postage stamps or coins. Address John
Sebastian, G. P. A., Chicaero, 111.
The Rock Island Playing Cards are the slick
est you ever handled. One pack will be sent
by mail on receipt of 15 cents In stamps. A
money order or draft for E0 cents or same In
stamps ■will secure 4 packs, and they will he
■ent by express, charges prepaid. Address
John Sebastian, G. P. A., C. R. I. & P.,
Chicago.
Dr. Slegert's Angostura Bitters bas over 50
Imitators and substitutes— most of them dan
gerous. Get the genuine with signature.
Thomas "Weldon's Will.
The will of Thomas W. Weldon, who
died October 11, leaving- an estate valued
at $5000, was filed for probate yesterday.
The entire estate is devised to Mrs.
Frances C. Weldon. who is named as ex
ecutrix to serve without bonds.
LAST
CHANCE
At $1.80 Per Share,
Price then Advances to $3.09.
t ° U o<f t £ ck J s liBtcd on the Califor-
nia Oil Exchange, and can be real-
ized on ANY. TIME you need the
money.
810 PANOCHE OIL CO..
411-414 ADAMS BUILDING,
206 Kearny Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
PROSPECTUS AND MAPS FREE.CORPORATIONS MUST
PAY THEIR WAR TAX
National Legislators Favor an
Amendment to the Tariff.
Express and Telegraph Companies Not
to Be Allowed to Shift Their Just
Burdens to Others.
Ti •■ practically very little I
• at the next 6ossion of
n amendment to the war
-.w will be introduced and
force express compai
- r pay their
■ tr revenue. The rail has
■ these corporations
■ c
° v • a -.'■ Leglslatun
y intended they should endure.
• i force these coi
-
■
• : pay their just
They have shifted to the shoulders of
their patrons, to the already heavily bur
dened consumers and merchants the debt
•which the express and telegraph com
panies ought to stand. The companies
have positively refused to pay the tax
en receipts Issued to their customers or
upon telegrams sent by them. Th« lead
lnsr and most Insolent offender In this
regard on this coast has been Weils.
Fargo & Co.. which has not only refused
to pay the tax on receipts Issued to Its
general patrons but has further violated
the law by discriminating In ivor of a
lew people and powerful interests.
In order to learn the sentiments Of
Vnlted States Senators and members of
the House of Representatives upon this
flagrant outrage upon the laws. The Call,
It will be remembered, addressed letters
rf inquiry to prominent members of both
houses. Many of the replies, particularly
from the Pacific Coast delegation, have
n'i ready been published, and without ex
ception the writers were emphatically in
favor of an amendment to the law which
will compel the offending companies to
bear their burden of taxation.
were asked by The :
•here is not ab- :
ite re
venue law, If there !
' • this law certain ambig
whirh defeat the
to be gained by the
Members of both
ked if they favor an '■
■ Ich will be designed to
companies to pay the
• i shippers
Lnief mpelle I I
messages transmitted
To all of these questions
- ere given, a:
me of the most promi
slatora are pub
s'ates Senator George W. Mo
ri is emphatic.-.
rporations
nion In
PORTLAND. Or.. Sept. 29. 1899.
Editor The Call. San Francisco —
My Dear Sir: In answer to your let
ter of inquiry respecting that por
tion of the war revenue law provid
itamp tax on express receipts
-elegraphic messages, I have to
hat it was. Amd is. my under
standing that Congress intended the
telegraph companies and express
companies should pay the stamp tax
imposed by that act upon the busi
- done by such companies.
I do not know that thei-e will be a
-.on of the war revenue law at
the next session of Congress, but
& such revision be made I have
doubt that the law will be so
amended as to make clear the pur
pose of Congress to impose the stamp
tax upon the business transacted by
the telegraph companies and express
I _^ , )i
I ' 1
r»xcBscBoeoeoecBceoeoeo9oeoeso6CBsce£CEc ft
vI" i 3 #
g IN THE NEXT g £
| Sunday Call | |
. CBCBCBOSOS36O6C o"X<nX>oOO'>v:o'>>^'j i '>>>C'-: o
1 THE CAUSES OF THE BOER WARS. 1
8 By Fred W. d 1 Evelyn, who fired the first 8
.O British shot at the siege of Pretoria. v
1 THE HATFIELD-McCOY FEUD I
§ Breaks out in San Francisco. S
I MRS, GEN, FRED FUNSTON 1
§ Tells of her life at Manila, o
! A CALIFORNIA JUSTICE • I
'*' X
P Who has married 1230 people. v
I THE GIRL HUNTER I
§ Of th» Pacific Coast. %
I HOW TO FIGHT FOREST FIRES I
I WOMEN YOU HAVE ALL READ ABOUT I
ft And the romances of their lives. $
I A '49ER WHOSE CHARITIES |
S . Have brought his family to poverty. £>
1 A BOY WHO SEES ONLY AT NIGHT, |
8 What the doctors think of him. g
1 EARLY MORNING CALISTHENICS 1
Q To make you lithe and supple. 8
I companies, in such way as to com
pel corporations or associations trans
acting such business to pay such
Yours very truly,
GEO. W. TIcBRIDE.
United States Senator From Oregon.
Unlt< 31 3enatoi M. I- Hayward of
Nebn • ' opinion, as the
■ g . tter will show:
Editor The Call. San Francisco —
I>ear Sir: Yours of th* 26th at hand.
The law forces me to pay the war tax
on leases, checks and other papers is
sued by myself, and I see no good
reason why the express or telegraph
companies should not pay their tax
as others do. Yours truly,
M. L. HAYWASD.
United States Senator From Nebraska
VnUed State? Senator Warren of Wyo
ming la ready and eager 1 discuss the
problem and make all n
obligations. He has written as foll<
Editor The Call, San Francisco.
Cal. — Bear Sir: I have your letter of
September 25 asking me if I would
support an amendment designed to
compel express companies to pay the
war tax on receipts issued to ship
pers and telegraph companies to pay
the war tax on all messages trans
mitted over their lines.
Should such an amendment be in
troduced, and should it be shown that
it was the intention of Congress that
such taxes should be paid by the com
panies and that revision of the law
is necessary to accomplish this, I
would support it. Very respectfully,
F. E. WARREN,
United States Senator From Wyom
ing.
Members of the Hmise of Representa
■ as well as United E
take up the question, aa tbe fol!
reply to The Call's • ws:
TACOMA, Wash.. Sept. 29. 1899.
Editor The Call. San Francisco —
Dear Sir: I have your letter of Sep
tember 26 relative to a proposed
change in the revenue law relative
to its provisions concerning express
and telegraph companies. The mat
ter had not been called specifically to
my attention until the receipt of your
letter, and I will now investigate it.
It goes without saying, however, that
I would favor an amendment remov
ing any ambiguities from the present
law and forcing all parties or corpo
rations to pay the tax which the
framers of the law intended they
should pay. If the present law does
not satisfactorily meet this condition
I will favor its modification until IL
does. Sincerely yours,
FRANCIS W. CUSHMAN,
Member of Congress From Washing
ton.
•nan Jr.hn F. Shafroth is an
'•:-glslat<->r who is firmly of
tlon 1 • •■ • express compa
vio-
rought im
'rn3. His empi
• follows:
DENVER. Colo., Oct. 10. 1899.
Editor The Call, San Francisco:
TITE SAX FRANCISCO CAI.L, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
Your letter of the 26th ult. received.
In reply thereto will say that I re
gard the action of the express com
panies and telegraph companies, in
charging the war revenue tax to
their customers, as a direct violation
of the law.
It never was intended that the cus
tomer should pay that tax. It was
intended as a tax which they in equi
ty should pay for the great privilege
which is extended to them by the
laws of this country.
I am in entire sympathy with your
movement to make this burden fall
where it belongs. Yours truly,
JOHN F. SHAFROTH.
These various opinlona indicate clearly
Lt the next session of Congress a de
ned effort will be mad-; to make
shirking- corporations pay their just obli
gations to the Government from which
they reap so many "norm^ug advantages.
HANGED HIMSELF TO
A RAFTER IN A BARN
NTJRSE AT GERMAN HOSPITAL
SUICIDES.
Herman Arnold Disappears and His
Body Is Discovered Two
Hours Later.
rman Arnold, an employe of the Ger
man ' >mmltted suicide yester
day afternoon by banging himself to a
rafter - pita!,
r.od suspended about two
very and was
wn by Dr. Charles A.
of the institution and taken to the
No motive for the man's rash
• -cd.
Arnold had been employed about the
:" the hospital for a
ra He was well liked and
Intimated at any time that hi
take his life. He was List seen
>>rday afternoon by
Joe Klaber, one of his associate em
and appeared very cheerful.
fter ck one of the <!■
■ • enter the shed in which
: il is stored, and he was
the body of Arnold llfe
nd suspended to one of the rafters.
\ thii md his neck and this
was quickly severed by Dr. Charles A.
Life was found to have been ex
■ -xo hours.
The deceased was £1 years of agp and
: fled with his family
.-,•1 Km str* ■ F 'iirteenth.
WEDDED AMID
MANY FLOWERS
Nuptials of Miss Caroline
V. Bosqui and George
W. Barrowe.
MlB3 Caroline Virginia Bosqui and
W. Barrowe were married yester
day at the home of the bride's parents at
Valley. The Bosqui residence was
.iy decorated fur the occasion with
rergreens and palms. The cer
rformed by Rev. Charles
Sacramento. The bridal proces
■►■d by two charming little
- Inney and Miss Treat who
- in the path of the bride.
■ ■: :. came the bride, leaning
■ r i;ither. They were met
! wedding bell by the
and hi- be»l man, Robert Mfln.
nraaida were htisa olive Hamil-
Caroline Haven, Miss Barrowe,
md MiM Martha llutch
remony wan followed by a
.luring which Mr
•. -ry happy address, ■
c atlng the bride and gro-ini a; d w!sn
ourney <.n
w hfc ■ ■ to depart.
bride in the daughter of Mr. and
111, her father being
,;.. ol the pioneers of 'his city and one
rt known Htbographera on th^
.\!r. Barrowe is the consulting
if a large Bnglish syndicate,
r vast mi ■ >uth Africa.
he and h!.s bride will eventually
make their home. Among the guests were
• Mr Barrowe' s friends and
i from South Africa. Although
Mr. Barrowe's h"tnc, he has been
liviner of late with iiis mother at Sau-
Balito.
Mr. and Mrs. Barrowe will leave to-day
for a wedding trip to New York, London
and Paris. It was Their intention to go
French capital directly to their
me, but the Boer war will likely
■ their plans and th»y may remain
on the Continent indefinitely.
Lord and Lady Douglas Coming.
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— Mrs. Mooney,
mother of Lady Sholto Douglas, has re
ceived word that her daughter and her
little son, Bruce Francis, will arrive In
Oakland shortly. Her ladyship left New
York on Monday.
Lord and Lady Sholto Douglas left Cal
ifornia three years ago at the request of
the Marquis of Queensberry so that the
birth of the heir to the family title might
take place in British territory. The young
man managed very successfully large land
and mining Interests for his father, the
Marquis, for a year and a half, and then
went to England that his parents might
have an opportunity of seeing his -wife
and child. . During the year that was
spent In London Lord and Lady Douglas
resided at the home of the young Lord's
mother at 18 Cadogan place. For the past
six months Lady Douglas has been In
Paris studying art and the languages.
An Excellent Meeting 1 Place.
You fan meet most of th» prominent business
men every day at 7^inkand'R for lunch. •
■ ♦ «
Alameda County Miners.
OAKLAND. Oct. 18.— annual elec
tion of the Alameda County Miners' As
sociation was held to-night. The follow
ing were elected: President, Professor 8.
B. Christy; vice president. Captain Thom
as Mem; secretary, K. H. Benjamin; ex
ecutive . committee— Felix Chapellet,
Mack Webber, W. R. Thomas and Dixon
Brabbln.
The following delegates were elected to
the Stat<» Moors' Convention: S. B.
Christy (chairman), J. W. Wright, E II
Benjamin. F. Chapellet, Thomas Mem
Mack Webber. J. S. White. F. A. Leach
W. R. Thomas and Calvert" Meade.
Sixty-Three Arrests.
OAKLAND. Oot lfi.-Thls is the record
dnv f r arreata In Oakland. This evening
the police wew notified to ?»ee that the
city ordinance are enforced, and they
started in on violators of the hitching and
le ordinances, with the result that
v-eipht of the former and thirty
five of the latter had deposited bail at
the City Hall before 10 o'clock. It is not
generally known that cyclists must carry
a bell as well as a lamp.
HARRIES' THRILLING YARN
DOUBTED BY THE POLICE
His Fight With Burglars Be
lieved to_Be _a_ Dream,
The Young Bank Clerk Still Being Closely
Guarded by His Parents to Prevent
His Being Questioned.
THE sensational story told by Harry*
Harries of his desperate tight with
burglars, whom he had discovered
In his home, is discredited by the
police of Oakland. They are moral
ly convinced that he was alone in
the "fight" and that he slightly wounded
himself in order to appeal In the role of a
hero.
Harries" story was that he was awak
ened shortly btfore 4 o'clock M
I morning by a noise in the dining
' room. Taking his rifle, he quietly slipped
! out of his room and proceeded to make
!an it;-. ■ On going: downstairs, he
-.. :,• . w the burglars at work. He
started to press the electric button which
lights up the house, when suddenly one of
burglars opened fire on him. The
shot, he - ;l over his head and
through a large mirror.
: Harries claims that ho Immediately raised
ling to return the nre. when
■ is seized from behind by the second
burglar. Then tnnued what he terms a
•rate light in the dark.
Har hat in the struggle for the
possession of the rifle he and the desper
ate burglar wrestled along the hallway
Into the library, breaking two piano
i lamps, destroying a bust of Psyche, oyer
: turning screens and furniture and shatter
' ing several pieces of costly bric-a-brac.
all thla noise did not
awak< ler Harries, who was asleep
■ Irs. After struggling for Borne time
Harri< - claims that he linally succeeded
lin shaking off his antagonist. Just then.
' he saya, the second burglar fired at him,
. the bullet striking him in the left Bide
close to the heart. Although fatally
i wounded, as he thought, he raised his
1 rifle and nred at the "housebreakers.'
They promptly returned the fire, ten shuts
in all being exchanged.
The shooting at last aroused Hamrs
Sr and arming himself with a Japanese
«aber he went to his son's assistance. He
I his brave offspring groping about
the flo'T apparently engaged in searching
! f or t . of the burglars, bo certain
was he that he had killed them. Harries'
i night shirt was powder-marked and
stained with the blood that trickled from
1 the wound which he claimed was inflicted
by the desperate housebreakers. H« was
at once taken to his room and a plr.
summoned. An examination disclosed ti.at
WILLEY CONTEST HAS
NOW GONE TO TRIAL
Attorney Lyons Says the Deceased
Was of Sound Mind and Worked
for Him Several Months.
The Jury to determine the issues raised
In the contest of the will of the late
Charles Walter Willey was completed
yesterday morning and In the afternoon
the taking of testimony was proceeded
with. Those selected as Jurors are F. L.
Dunlap, Robert Currie. James J. Hayes,
Samuel G. Buckbee, Spiro Radulovich,
Hubert Cleary, D. J. Standish. John J.
Duffy, Samuel H. Heller, E. H. Hanjes.
Jacob Deutsch and Henry Schoenb.-rg.
The facts leading to the making of the
will by Willey, in which Mrs. Louisa M.
Muirhead is named as sole devisee, are
well established. Willey was practically
an outcast, disinherited by his father and
uncared for by his relatives. One day he
approached Mrs. Muirhead on the street
and asked for assistance. She was im
: pressed by his appearance and took him
| 10 her place at Larkin and Hayes streets
and gave him employment. Later it de
! veloped that he had a legal claim against
his father's estate, suit was • filed and
judgment was entered In his favor for
about $su.u)u. An appeal was taken to the
Supreme Court by tne heirs ol tne estate
ana the order of distribution setting aside
this portion of the estate for the .benefit
vi Charles Walter Wllley was adjudged
invalid. A motion for a rehearing was
made however, and granted. The case
' was argued before the Supreme Court in
bank last August and was submitted with
the Fair case, the questions arising on the
trust provisions of the wills being identi-
I cal This matter is still under submission
before the upper court, and even though
it should be decided against Charles \V\
Wllley a claim of hi., estate against that
of his deceased mother prill stands as an
Incentive to carry the contest to a anal
decision. ; , , . .
\V K. and R. Springer, uncles, and Ab
bie W. Bridgham and Sarah C. Sharrer,
aunts of the deceased, are the contest
ants Their allegation that Mrs. Muir
■ head led young Willey to believe that he
I had no relatives to inherit his property
and thereby Influenced him to devise her
his entire estate is a tacit admission on
their part that they did not, as alleged by
Mrs. Muirhead, ever assist him and stood
with the rest of the family against its
! black sheep, Charles W. Willey. They
I claim, however, that Mrs. Muirhead,
knowing that Willey was heir to a por
tion of his father's estate, simply kept
i him in order to inherit his property when
• a disease with which he was afllicted
1 finally carried him off. They also alleged
that he was of unsound mind and that
Mrs. Muirhead took advantage of his
weakness for the purpose of defeating his
legal heirs. These claims were set at rest
by the first witness called yesterday.
'Timothy J. Lyons took the stand and
stilled that for eleven months prior to
| Willey's death he employed him in his*
I office, assisting him in his legal business.
He also gave the facts regarding the
I drawing of the will and testified as to the
! gratefulness of Willey for all Mrs. Muir
head had done for him. Mr. Lyons re
: futed the statement that Willey v.-as of
unsound mind and pointed to his capacity
; for legal work in proof of his contention.
After a lengthy cross-examination Lyons
I left the stand and an adjournment "wan
] taken until this morning.
PERJURY NOT SUSTAINED.
The case of Bert A. Herrington, ex
| District Attorney of Santa Clara County,
i charged with perjury by falsely swearing
I as to his qualifications as a bondsman for
Ruby Raymond of San Jose, was dis
missed by Judge Graham yesterday.
When the case was called Judee Tread
well wag again put on the stand. He re
iterated his previous statement that all he
asked Harrington when he accepted the
bond was if he was a freeholder and was
worth |60W. He did not think it necessary
to make him swear that all of the con
tents of the bond were true, as It was not
required by the Penal Code.
Prosecuting Attorney Wentworth then
i paid that he was unable to proceed with
A West Indian Hurricane
Recently traveled up and down the coast at
will, upset alt calculations and acted in tin
entirely different' manner from any other
storm. Sometimes dyspepsia acts In the same
way. It refuses to yield to treatment which
has cured similar cases. Then Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters should be taken. It will effect
a cure speedily and naturally. It has cured
stomach troubles for half a century. Try It.
BEECHES FILLS
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders
Are Without a Rival.
AKITOAL SALES OVER 6,000,000 BOXES.
IO cents and 98 cents, »t all drug; stores.
( the bullet had merely plowed through the
: skin, making a superficial wound.
Immediately after the shooting Chief of
Hodjcklns and several of bis ie
tectlvea visited the house and pro ded
ti mak.; a. thorough investigation. In the
dining-room th< y found a quantity "f ail
j ver and gold ; !at- j . carelessly tossed vn
the table, as if it had been gathered by |
urglars preparatory to carrying It
away. They also discovered a I
bent braes, a portion of a catch f a
swinging dour, a bicy< !■* lump, a long
piece o£ steel restmblirg a knitting needle ;
and a small monkey wrei I ' which ;
constituted the "tools I
!>rt-ak>.-i -." The monkej • i
to the- Harries family and I laken
from their barn. There was nothing to
i show how the burvlars entered the h
Aft-r satisfying himself of the Improb
| ability or' Harries' sensational story, ;
' Chief Hodgkins endeavored to see him in .
] order to obtain from him t] • fa •- In re- j
; lation to the shooting. The young man's
father, however. emphati< ed to
allow him to question the "hero," claim-
Ing that be was *•:!■! Buffering from rho
ts of the wound ;■:.•' . . in no con- I
cition to he Interviewed.
"I seriously doubt young Harris 1
Btory," remarked the head of th.=- Oakland
Police Department yesterday. "It" he :* ,
telling- the truth why do his parents ob
ject to my seeing him? He is hi no danger
from the wound, and I am turn- that the
i few questions that I would like to 8 '-:
i him would in no way tend to injure his ,
' chances of recovery. An examination of '
the room where the shooting took place!
! shows that the bullets were not intend* d
for young Harries. It Is my opinion that i
' they w^re all fired by him. hut for what
purpose I cannot say. He claims. I un
that the alleged crooks entered
th«; hnuse through the dining-room win
dow. If they did they would hay. ;• ft
■ some n-.ark* on the sill, but after a <-l Be '
1 examination we have failed to find ai y.
: The alleged tools whi'h we found in the
house would be Bcorned'oy even a peti
! larceny thief. They arc the cheapest lot
t I ever saw, and are not burglars' tools.
"Harries may be the hero that his t
1 parents say he is. but T seriously doubt it.
Until he convinces me that I am mistaken
I will always think that he concocted r h.> ,
' thrilling story for the purpose of appear
ing in th" role of a hem among the resi
s of Oakland."
convinced are the police on both
H ; .'f? of the bay of the improbability of
Harries' story that they have abandoned |
i the search for the supposed burglars.
the case owing to the statement of Judge
Treadwell. and the Judge dismissed It.
In the Divorce Court.
Mary A. Stevens was granted a divorce
yesterday fmm James C. Stevens on the
ground of willful neglect. Suits for di
: by Vittnrlo Gaz
soio apainst Enrica Gazzolo for desertion,
Esther L. Elorduy against Tirilo J. Elor
duy for failure to provide. Hort>nse
Boule against Henry Boule fnr failure
to provide and Jessie H. Moore against
John C. Moore for Intemperance.
An Excellent Combination.
The pleasant method and beneficial
effects of the well known remedy.
Strut of Figs, manufactured by the
California Fig Syrup Co., illustrate
the value of obtaining the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the one perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
every objectionable quality and sub-
stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
or irritating them, make it the ideal
■ laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
known to the California Fig Syrup
Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
effects and to avoid imitations, please
remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FBANCISOO. CAI*
IXJTTCSVrLLE. XT. NEW YORK. V. T.
Vac sale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottla
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED, |
DR. METERS ft CO. hare tn« largest prao- tig
I tice and best equipped medical Institution fcj
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 yean. H
i PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at offlc* M
or by mall. All letters confidential. tj
731 Market St., San Francisco. Eg
Low= Priced
Eye=Glasses.
Ours are as Inexpensive as you wish to buy
them, and have the new clip at no extra cost.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repair-
ing. Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS MnT lc APPARATUS.
r- tn m H HOTO ; SCIEMTIFIC .<
642 Market st. instrument*
IKMRC on:." 1 . 1 OliiOiHb
Weekly Gall $1.00 jinr Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Greatest Tonic
cJW for the sick, convalescent or
VB^y^ »| !^m# It is assimilable by the weakest
stomach, invigorates the entire system, refreshes, restores
health and strength.
Made only by
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
Brewers of the celebrated Brands: The Famous Original Budweiser, Faust, Mlchelob,
Anheuser Standard, Pale Lager, Black and Tan and Anheuser-Busch Dark.
fToTroTroTTYYTroTrtfTToTr^^
I OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK, |
I THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY i
£ Season 1899-1900. Now Being Compiled. 3
£ , — 2
ja The entire edition has b»en subscribed for In advance. It will be printed 3
jo on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound In blue "Pega- at
i° mold"' leather, with a handsome design In *old leaf on the outside of the front 3
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed, ow- *
U Ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- a
£ dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will Include only the ©
>o names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members, with ©
\° their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and »
r Oakland street and avenue guide; ladles* chopping guide, suburban residents. •
C and personnel of the press: also guests of the leading hotels who will be o
|o permanently located for the winter. o(
Jo Address all changes to ©
° CHARLES C HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 3
a 225 Post Street. San Francisco. cp
)o Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL. Art Stationer. 223 Post street. e<
Do Yon Know mms^ 3^^' \
Good Soils W§> ■. :^):;
When Yon %'"■'.' j^S^
See Them? "v'snL W 1
• If the public In (■ / &m By^'
I gfn«>ral know the 7 *Wtl \
i difference between .7 JHSMHf \.
• a well tailored ••] jyfiflaF r
Isuit of clothes \ &£!<!& /"
• and the ready -\ B fflF j j
; made, they would • A Mf Eg / .'. I
Ibe very likely to .- •N^Eg *& /- .'■ '
I get all their ■' •■;."-'• •■^aT Bf _S?>'s'hi .
•clothes tailor '.''■.'•'■«jEF^Br-y^?^.>-.'-V.v; < j
\ made, especially ■/}'* * j^fi
j them at about the ;v /|| fLf. t]U2<- \
I samp price. J V/iMV^y^ jA \
\ We make suits : - jj^f/l-'r jf^'-'-'J&gL I
I for 25 p»r cent less ;>> ■•■•"f>^ ~ -J^.- ''■'-■ &Ssgh : I
I than other tailors. ■■■' -**■• '■ '~- '■'■'-' ■*$&& !
| A perfect fit and j
• best of workman- ;
I ship guaranteed or 1110-1112 Market St.
] money refunded. 201-20.'t Montgomery
• All wool Salts. Bt -- an Francisco.
i J15 A 5O: all wool 1011 Washington St..
! Pom. ti *in- oic- UaKiana.
I Pant Overcoats, i^ZJZJSg* *■•
Los Angeles.
J ■
' Th« undoubted luxury and comfort, ,
7 unevjuahd cuisine, location and mod-
erate charges have made the ,
PALACE and J
GRAND ♦
' ' the nsO»t popular and fashionable ho- '
I ' tels in San Francisco. Operated Jointly '
" i'nd»r one management. Correspond- '
<' ence solicited. ' '
i < JOHN C. KIRKPATRirK,
m Manager. *
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
• tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
AMUSEMENTS.
DON'T MISS
MLLE. LOTTY
"Her act Is the prettiest and daintiest of Its
kind ever produced"— Richardson.
J. W. WINTON, the Australian Ventriloquist.
TOM BROWN, the Black-faced Humorist.
FLORENZ TROUPE, Howard's Ponies, Mr.
and Mrs. Harold Ha.«kins. La Page Sisters,
Little Elsie, Hawaiian Queens. 
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
* and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
tTvoli OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
AND SUNDAY EVENING
"Cavalleria" and "Pagliacci."
The Most Pleasing Success,
"FRA DIAVOLO"
Friday Night and Saturday Matinee.
Final Performance of
"OTHELLO"
Saturday Evening.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Se and 50c
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
CHDTES _AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
"MAJOR MITE
(Smallest Actor on Earth.)
ADGIEandHER LIONS.
HIGH DIVERS
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT—
amateur night!
Concluding With
A GO-AS-YOU-PLEASE MATCH
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
TO-NIGHT— ASSOCIATION BALL. ,
S. F. Philharmonic Orchestra.
FIRST CONCERT,
JAMES HAMILTON HOWE, Conductor.
Soloists. Mr. Bernhard Mcllenhauer, Mrs.
Mary Weaver McCaui*y. Reserved B«at«. Me
and 35c; admission, 23c. *
AMUSEMENTS. '
CmFORNIATBEATERIx-
TO-NIGHT (THURSDAY) and SATURDAY
MATINEE. LAST TIMES OF
"MAGDA,"
Presented by
NANCE O'INEIL
AND HER CAPABLE COMPANY.
TO-MORROW NIGHT (ONLY TIME), "THE
SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
Saturday night, last performance of NANCE
O'NEIL in "OLIVER TWIST."
NOTE— Reservations aside for Matinee Satur-
day will not be held longer than 12 o'clock on
that day.
Commencing SUNDAY NIGHT, Oct. 22, the
funniest yet. The successful farce, . "A
BREACH OF PROMISE." Come and havt
a laugh with the great company.
POPULAR Evening— 7sc, 50c and 25c. .
RlCES— Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
50c and 25c.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE GREAT LAUGH PROVOKER!
|HWL| CLOSES
f^^«?¥ SATURDAY
(TORfrY'- NIGHT.
Beginning SUNDAY NIGHT,
"A MILK WHITE FLAG."
Special comedy season prices— 75c, EOc. 250.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
>jgrag^ LAST 4 NIGHTS.
4£||||?f MAT. SAT. & SUN.
Hf " the
Jt MASKED
g%m BALL"
IT Jl^ "THE^THREE 1 "
< *^§? MUSKETEERS."
Seats Now Ready.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS
Of Genee's Beautiful Comic Opera,
"NANON."
MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
Grand Society and Club Event,
First Production on Any Stage of an Original
Comic Opera by H. J. Stewart of this
City and Clay M. Greene.
Entitled.
"THE CONSPIRATORS."
SEATS NOW ON SALE. SECURE THEM AT
ONCE.
Prices, .'0 cts., 35 cts., 25 cts., 15 Cts., 10 cts.
A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday' Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
"GO WHERE THE CROWDS GO"
And "HELP THEM LAUGH."
STEEPLECHASE,
CENTRAL PARK.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF THE 25 CONEY
AND NOVELTIES.
Delighted crowds voted "very one a wlnner.-
especially the i hastly Third Degree Regions,
where Ills Royal Nibs, the Devil, and his
manic wand will reign supreme.
PROF. HILL, marvel of the hlsh wire, daily.
Admission to all parts and ride— loc.
New attractions to be continually added.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899-CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23. ISS3.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Fire or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with san
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes.
Returning— >ay» th» track at 4:15 and
4:43 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. _^-MILROY. Secretary. . -. • -^: ■..'.
ruff RfIYAI r^Si
.Vallsea checked fr««.
78
CALL'S CAMERA RECORDS EXAMINER LIES
Yellow Kid's Whoppers on the
Yacht Race Rise to Confound
Him Beyond Recovery.
yfX OTHER lie of the Exam
_f~j_ her yellow hid has been
hoisted to the yardarm of
public vision — "not* only hoisted,
but nailed."
As a clincher, The Call, which
begs pardon for again exposing the
jaundiced brat to the popular gaze,
promising to drop him forever after
this once, offers $1000 to any char
itable institution that may be desig- :
nated by any person who will save
the yellow hid from choking on any
one of hi falsehoods — men
The experience of the people of San j
Francisco during the past two weeks has |
Taught th^m that the yellow kid fairly :
reeks with falsehood. Xot a day during
the attempts to sail the great interna
tional yacht races between Shamrock and
Columbia that his month has not been
the source of lies. Repeatedly he has
been dosed with the Marconi serum for
yellow journalism; again and again has
The Call slatted him with its bulletin
lioards, and day after day have the peo
ple jeered at his clumsy legerdemain, all
to no use. Lying with him is a disease
for which there seems to be no cxire. lie
eiinks with it worse than long dead mack
erel on a moor.lit beach, ho exhales It and
exudes it, contaminating the atmosphere
In his neighborhood. The attention of the
health board Is hereby directed to his
He has prevaricated long and to much !
evil purpose, but yesterday he capped the
climax. In En article "freaked" to fit a
three-column space, which he headed
"Race News Told by the Examiner Far
Ahead of Any Other Morning Paper," he
printed the following, which The Cali
presents in fac simile:
• of the breaking of the topmast of the yacht Shamrock
Hows:
By the Examiner at 9:07 a. m., San Francisco time
By the Chronicle at 9:15 a. m., San Francisco time
Et The Call ?.t 9:28 a. m., San Francisco time
• ■ re third In getting its news before the pi ople.
illetln ser-. - . In this little time-ti
ISo: That's strange! How does the y*>l- ,
low Examiner yellow kid reconcile this
time of announcement, 5:07 San Fran
cisco time, with another announcement
In Its story of the race? Road and corn
rare the !>:O7 announcement It claims to
have marie with this first paragraph
taken from its first column, first page
etory of the race:
NEW YORK. Ot. 17. —The promise
of a raasi'-ifi^nt race to-day be
tv.-ren Columbia and Shamrock
■ • ■. -rive
rr.ir.ut?s after ihe Irish yarht had start
ttray and her
encrr.:OUß Club topsail, with Its 3000 feet
of canvas, came rattling, «m on the
deck, leaving her hr,pe'.e!«sh' crippled.
No amount of pluck or courage could
face sucli a catastrophe, and Captair.
Hoparth lmmPdiatfly abar.donpd the
race, tov/lne* back to the anchorage as
c.'on as he hau cleared away th? wreck
are. Columbia continued over the course
■
of the races for America's cup.
For the purpor-e of argument fix in your
PHOTOGRAPH NO. 1 OF YELLOW TURPITUDE.
Anticipating a renewal of falsehood from tho Examiner, The Call took the
precaution Tuesday during the progress of the international yacht race to turn
I the camera at different times on the yellow fellow's bulletin board. The first
result is shown above. By comparing the bulletins marked 1. 2 and 3 In this fac
simile with bulletins 4 and 3 in the succeeding, you will be able to detect the
Examiner in as much falsehood as you know arithmetic. You will see it
chronicling events half hours before they happened and. later on, floundering In
a. futile attempt to set itself right. Especial invitation is given to compare duI
letlns "1" and with each .other, and every other photographed. >• -,-
mind tffe fact that the difference in time
between New York and San Francisco 16
roughly three hours. Fix also the .act
that the race started over th« triangular
course at 11:01 o'clock, Now. the yellow
i kid. In big black type, says boldly that
he posted the news of the Shamrock's
mishap at 9:07, San Francisco time. Nine
and three make twelve, and you nave
12:07. Yet he tells you at the very begin
ning of his first page story of the race
that "twenty-live minutes after the Irtish
yacht had started her topmast carried
away." Twenty five minutes added to one
minute after 11 o'clock makes ll:2o o clock,
and any schoolboy an figure out that
three hours off would make it 5:26 o clock
in San Francisco.
Which lies, the yellow kid, or fig
ures? Is he correct in his first page
story, or in his third page "freak?"
Is he correct in either? Doesn't he lie
in every spot? j
Marconi's bulletins sent to The Call say
that he does— say that he lies in his
••freak" and fakes in his story. Fac
similes of two Marconi telegrams received
and posted by The Call at 8:29 a. m. and
8:33 a. m. Tuesday, San Francisco time,
show that the shamrock's top hamper
was carried away at 11:27, New York
time They also show that the yellow kid
lies when he says The Call posted its
bulletin of that event at 9:28 a, m. San
Francisco time.
The Call offers these fae-similrs to dis
prove that part of his lie and stands
read" to give $1000 to any charitable in
stitution designated if it cannot prove
every word it has said' regarding them.
For fear, however, that these might not
be enough. The Call took care to make
copies of the yellow kid's bulletins of the
yacht race, to his confounding. The thir
teenth bulletin he posted Tuesday morn
ins— unlucky 13 - or tho little brat— read:
N.-. V. At 11:35 a. m. the Sham
rock's towering topmast broke and
the giant topsail was carried away
out hung in the wind over the star
board side.
That bulletin was posted here, as The
Call has means of proving, at 8:48 a. m.
San Francisco time, At 8:31, San Fran
cisco time, the yellow kid posted this one:
N. V.. 11:40 a. m. — Erin coming
home with disabled Shamrock.
Will some one please explain why the
Examiner yellow kid will make such bad
breaks? Why, having posted these last
• tins -on at S:4> a. m. and the ot ■
ni.. San Francisco time, one nine
• twenty-two minutes after
■ . : The Call's bulletins an-
I —does he i
into black type i sted them
E n Francisco time? M
red that, having filched the two bul
m The Call, they might rise up
.-• him; and maybe he calculated
as you used when you wei I . and
■ -• lon the map" that it was harder
to locate places printed In big type than
In small. Just once he has missed his
■
So mud ! t the Examiner
.' kid. While he in choking up
The Call w : :■> ram a few more
- own Issue down his throat. And
H maj be well to explain t:ie
, method used. Not deeming the case des
i^h to risk nfffiidtnp th~ nos
• sas well as the sight of the public by
the exposure of the loathsome yellow kid.
summoned photography to Its
aid. During the progri ss of the race over
ting 1
■ • How kid. The Call turned its
a iiis w-ay i
this paper calls down upon his
head, miserable little sinner that h>- is.
THE SAX FHATsCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1809.
MARCONI TELEGRAMS TO
CONFOUND THE EXAMINER
BULLETINS THAT REFUTE YELLOW MENDACITY.
In bold black type the Examiner announced on Its third page yesterday that it was the first newspaper in San Fran
cisco last Tuesday morning to bulletin the accident by which the Shamrock lost her tophamper in the race with the Columbia
In bold, black type it asserted that at precisely 9:« o'clock. San Francisco time, it posted the news, and that The Call did
not follow suit until 9:2S o'clock, fifteen minutes later. The above messages from Marconi are offered in far simile to smoth
er the yellow kid's lie. As Indicated by the handwriting under each they were received and posted by The. Call at 8:29 a m
and v:::; a. m.. respectively, Tuesday. The Call has absolute proof to this effect and stands ready to give to any charitable
institution designated by the Examiner $1000 gold coin if thai paper can disprove the fact. It cannot. The Examiner lied
as it has lied before, when it printed that black type. The tele rams bear no marks except those of the Western Union Tel
egraph Company, by which they were delivered. Any one doubting their genuineness can have his doubts removed by the
same agency.
the jadprm^nt of lii«= own bulletin 1 i i
photographed to convici hi n. Fac-simlles
of them, taken at different sti
are publish* d h< i ewit h.
Notice the bulletin marked "!" In the
left hand margin of the photographic re
production. It reads
N. V.. 12:04 p. m. — Columbia turns
first boat.
The (.'all admits that the yellow kid put
wonderful bnrt=t of Bpeed with that
( last your eyes on his pi
bulletin "5," and you will tind no dnilcuity
explaining it. Bulletin marked
reads:
N. V., 12:50 p. m. — Corrected time
of Columbia in rounding first mark
was 12:45.
At 12:04, New York time, mind you, 9:04
here, the yellow kid admits on his photo
graphed bulletins that the Columbia
rounded the ttrst stakeboat. If you will
remember his third-page freak, he Bays
it was at 9:07, San Francisco time, he an
nounced the loss of the Shamrock's top
hamper— and that opens up a deal of in
teresting arithmetic. For example, on the
yellow Kid's bulletins the Shamrock lost
her topmast at 9:07, San Francisco time,
three minutes after the Columbia nan
turned the first stakeboat. In the kid's
first-] age story he says the mishap to the
Shamrock occurred twenty-five minutes
after the start. Now, you subtract three
minutes, the difference between 9;04 and
9:07, from 25 and you have 22 minutes,
which equals the time the yellow kid pays,
according to his freak or his fake or his
bulletin, whichever you choose, it took
the Columbia to beat to windward and
turn the first stake.
It Is estimated that on that beat the
Columbia covered fourteen miles. The-
Examiner on its first page yesterday says
on this point:
"Her time was little short of marvelous.
She covered the course in three hours and
thirty-seven minutes, the beat, ten miles
to windward, in one hour and thirty-nine
minutes."
Whew! What a feeling of relief the yel
low kid must have had after dreaming he
had sent the Columbia the full distance ;
of that beat to windward in twenty-two
minutes, to wake up and find that it had
taken her the "marvelous" time of one
hour and thirty-nine minutes to make it.
Will the little yellow dog admit that that
lie of his is choking him? Come, now.
there's a nice little yellow doggie!
And that's not all the arithmetic con
jured tip by those 12:04 p. m. and 12:50
p. m. bulletins. A littl" direct compari
son between themselves will do no harm,
except to the- yellow kid, and he appears
even now to deserve all the harm possi
ble. In the 12:04 bulletin he states posi
tively that the Columbia turns. The 12:50
bulletin states that the corrected time of
the Columbia's turning was 12:4:"..
Under which bull, little Bezbnian?
What? Nayther! Oh. well, never mind!
Let's pass to the next one.
Ladies and gentlemen, the little yellow
dog Is off his feed. While he is coming
to give your attention to photographic
bulletin No. 3. It reads:
N. V.. 12:27 p. M. Columbia's
sails drawing -well and she is rapidly
approaching second mark.
Bear in mind that, according to the
yellow fellow's bulletin last pointed out.
Columbia's corrected time of turning of
the first stakeboat was 12:45 p. m.. and
here and now, with a simple twist of the
wrist, the kid say? that at 12:27 p. m. she
is "rapidly approaching the second
mark." Excuse the pun, ladies and gentle
men, but isn't that re-mark-able. Werry!
What a magician the yellow kid is, to be
sure. While Columbia was turning the
first stakeboat at 12:45 p. m., he had only
to Fay presto and she was approaching
the second mark eighteen minutes earlier.
Some designing persons, ladles and gentle
men, may try to convince you that the
kid is no magician and that the boats
were racing the wrong way of the course,
but don't you believe 'cm. The kid's—
the k who threw that egg? No gentle
man, certainly:
Now, cast your eye on photographic bul
letin marked "2." It reads, as you can
see:
N. V., 12:45 p. m. — Excursion boats
gathered around turn to watch Co
lumbia go round.
And this one. marked "4":
N. V., 12:45 p. m.— Columbia made
cut very close to second mark. '
And this one again, marked "5":
N. V., 12:50 — Corrected time cf
Columbia in rounding first mark was
12:45.
Ladles and gentlemen, It begins to look
really as If that nasty little yellow brat
had made a mistake. In photographic
bulletin marked "4" he undoubtedly say.?:
"At 12:45 Columbia made out very close,
to second mark," and here. In the very
next bulletin, marked "5", he says: "At
12:50' p. m. — Corrected time of Columbia
in rounding first mark was 12:45."
Here, you little measly yellow cur, how
do you dare play hocus pocus with the
people? Whack! whack! whack!
leavens, he's done for! Ladies and gen
tlemen, the yellow kid has choked on
that last photographic bulletin.
HI, there, sonny! Hurry up with that
chloride of lime.
And. ladles and gentlemen, if you will
put clothespins on your noses while they
are carrying out the carcass and cast I
your eyes on bulletin marked "6" in the I
photographic reproduction you will find I
that it bears a wonderful likeness to bul
l-tin marked "4." Sou would say tiny ;nv>
twins. Just thirty-five minutes apart, you
will notice, and although tin- Columbia
had been racing like mad for that second
PHOTOGRAPH NO. 2 OF JAUNDICED MENDACITY.
A close or.mparisnn between bulletins "4" and "5" on this photogranhic re
production of part of the Examiner's bulletin board on last Tuesday's race be
tween Columbia and Shamrock v.-ill show the sorry straits in -which the yellow
kid foumi its<if in it.- efforts to cope with The Call's service from wireless
telegraphy. In "4" it has at 12:45 p. m.. New York time. "Columbia made out
very close to second mark from shore." In "5," the second bulletin later, at
12:50, it naively announces "Corrected time of Columbia rounding first mark was
12:45." £o that it had the defender in two places, ten miles apart, at one and the
fame time, 12:45. Arrah, go wan!
PHOTOGRAPH ISO. 3 OF THE BILIOUS BULLETINS.
Another photographic reproduction of bulletins posted last Tuesday by th#»
Examiner during the progress of Columbia-Shamrock race. It is a sm-iil one
being a tail-ender. but it has a sting in that tail for the yellow kid ' Note the
bulletin marked "C" and compare it with the bulletin in photographic rpnt-minptinn
No. 2. marked "4." You find that at 12:45 p. m.. New York time accordin* tS
bulletin "4." Columbia was made out very close to second mark from shore°and
from bulletin "6," thirty-live minutes later, she had progressed to "within threS
miles of second mark." The yellow kid must have been looking backward
stakeboat and was very close to it at 12:4."
p. m., she was still going to it at 1:20 p. m.
What! Turning your backs on :!:•• poor,
mariKy little yellow kid. Well, nobody
will blame you.
LOTTERY DRAWING.
OFFICIAL-DRAWING
—OF THE—
Honduras National Lottery Co,
LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "X," Drawn at
Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C. A., on Satur-
day, October 14, 1809.
The Honduras National Lottery has no dally
drawing and Is not connected with any daily
drawing. _.___
No. Prize. No. Prize. |No. Prize
13 SO 92 80 139 40
292 24' 403 I>>| 414 1"
4011 24 47S SO I 559 2*
688 24 671 24 714 M
773 4001 SSI 40(1181 40
1286 24 1317 40i 1495 »
1301 80 1536 16| 1551 «0
1572 16 1537 16 1574 16
1914 16! 2248 40 2330 40
2448 40 2487 24) 2521 40
2612 16 2644 40 26K6 «
27?4 4- 2808 24 2973 24
3003 16 3005 40| 3094 1"
3256 40 3537 16, 3551 40
3606 16 3610 40 3691 !•>
3939 24 39% 40 ! 4167 16
4193 16 : 4252 80 4464 21
4503 24 4667 24 4652 Ib
466S 24 4651 16 4726 IS
4769 24, 4825 16 4863 24
4300 16 4924 40; 5067 «
5321 16 53*6 120 6650 16
5688 16 5694 241 6843 40
5973 16 6'Xll 24 j 6051 16
6116 16 6170 12016317 16
6378 16 6646 40 C 658 24
6710 24 6735 40 6747 40
6779 16 6562 IS 6578 40
6891 16 6927 24 695S 24
7049 16 710S 16 7121... 24
7194 24 7258 24 7261 21
7312 16 7415 SO 7430 In
7531 40 7779 40 7874 4'
8013 16 8029 161 8207 40
BSS7 80! 856S 40 8702 40
8751 16| SS2II 24 8914 40
9005 161 9069 24 9075 21
9266 16 9393 16 1 9616 16
9518 24 1 9621 80 9692 24
9748 16J0150 16:10218 21
10259 80 10291 40 l<i:>ll 16
10318 10323 24110330 16
10388 16 10361 40 10478 16
10551 80110380 120 10707 40
10741 SO'IO74S 16 10827 SO
11030 4O|US79 16:11333 16
11345 2411352 It 11357 16
11436 24 11*533 11677 24
11678 16111731 21, 11759 80
11774 24 11851 16 119S0 24
12010 16 12042 16 12057 40
J2158 24 12219 12272 4')
12369 24 12390 1612427 80
12519 16|12550 24 12785 16
1288J 40118332 13335 24
13441........ 40 13457 40 13623 24
13798 1613818 16 14043 SO
14339 .. 40 1462S 16 14677 SO
14763 1614856 16 14907 16
14970 24 15013 16 15015 4<t
15054 24 15063 40 15483 16
15631 24 15717 16 15741 16
16829 16 1 15994 24 16073 24
16131 1616195 40 16203 16
16215 16 16290 „ 16 16299 SO
16439 40 16541 16 16679 21
1C741 1616874 SO 16963 24
16356 16995 24 17122 16
17272 16 17313 1617329 40
17336 16,17360 12017388 40
17449 24 17563 16 17580 16
17644 24 17652 16|17772 24
177&6 24 17849 4" 18028 16
18063 40 18145 40 18591 24
18904 ... 24 18976 16 19001 16
19021 40 19042 80119063 16
19172 .. 40 19239 19259 40
19715 - 19717 16 19772 IS
2012S 20264 24 2030S 1C
20326 24|20398 40 2049" 24
£0584 1.. 80 20665 80120728 21
20006 24120958 24121008 16
■)112S 18 21221 40 21267 24
21297 40121400 21402 16
21513 16|21543 21710 IK
21fflM 1621802 8021925 24
21985 .... 40 22020 16J22030 24
22196 1622262 80 ( 22:i22 24
22436 1622550.' If 22664 40
22682 16 22742 16;22539 16
22560 40 22858 80 23192 16
23240 40 23253 1623449 24
23532 16123615 16'2^79S 18
23P68 16124170 24 24188 24
24379 18 24389 40:24462 16
24616 1624688 40 24800 24
24950 16 24970 50125010 24
25273 16 25375 16125461 24
25708 16 26054 80126111 24
26139 16 26163 16 26248 16
26313 24 26336 24 20361 24
26403 16126471 16126485 &0
26499 16 26590 24126593 16
20651 24 26745 24:2G543 25
26955 16 2C934 40 27088 16
27032 24127034 16:27056 16
27066 24127052 4027201 16
2725] 16 27325 24274 16
27440........ 16127531 24J27590 SO
27613 24i27597 24 28070 21
2R142 25173 1528228 40
2R284 1628444 16 28483 4'
28534 24125896 40128959 16
28974 4029026 40129163 24
29165 24 29.-52 16 29540 16
29569 16 29586 16 29823 16
29932 : . SO 30058 120|30050 24
30141 16 30155 4030377 16
30445 1630453 4030490 24
30547 40130669 16:30702 16
30771 1630827 31018 40
31076 40J31156 16)31306 24
31312 24 31390 1631620 2!
31704 16.11777 16:31790 24
31908 2431920 80132138 16
32238 16 32335 16 32452 24
32659 24J32947.. 2433104 16
33119 24133259 24 33413 SO
33462 163346 a 40:33499 16
83622 400 33646 161*3728 80
33735 16 33971 16 34005 24
34166 24134475 16134610 16
3464S 400:34652... 40J34C98 16
34535 16 35080 40:35260 16
35333 1635366 40,35402 120
35554 24 35739 40 35796 40
35922 2135995 16 36152 18
36324 16 38461 24 36514 24
36519 24 36578 16 36697 24
36539 40 13700 1 50J37023 SO
37090 1637204 16 37315 16
37393 37497 16 37538 24
37775 24137984 40 38248 16
38521 40 38325 80 38406 16
38582 16138644 16 38761 16
38852 16138971. 39027 16
39048 1639069 24 39096 2!
39110 24:39794 24 39871 24
40066 24.40197 24140208 SO
40370 40)40371 16[40442 so
40482 24140500 16 40527 80
40542 16140537 24140596 16
40696 24(40788 24140879 40
41087 16141104 40 41132 40
41145 16 41237 24 41387 24
41499 16 41553 16 41714 1«
41760 4041813 80 41817 V,
41857 16141968 80 42007 16
42282 16 42472 40 42516 24
42561 24:42646 16 42653 IS
42509 40,43CC1 24143202 120
43235 16 43263 24 43236 24
43430 24143462 43397 16
43715 1643900 80143919 16
43947 43951 24:43987 24
43998 1644095 40144115 16
44129 16144202 2444227 16
44503 1644707 40 44793 40
44911. 24 45118 16 45159 16
45200 16145376 16145429 24
45540 2446621 24 45711 40
45757 4045781 2*145863 40
46009 24 46Q58 1000 ! 46124 24
4616E 4046431 24146182 24
46533 24 46554 16116695 24
46767 16 46921.. 40 46954 40
47023 SO 47034 16 47079 16
47145 12047318 10 47421 10
47470 16, 47610 16147760. ........ 24
47766 24 47508 40 47811 16
47522 16 47836 40 47975 16
48042 24 48078 24 48163 120
48179 40 48229........ 50|45282 16
45301 SO 48344 18148427 ">4
48655 24:48712 16 48716 24
48839 24 48941........ 1649066 .. 40
49104 40 49 150 16:49226 24
49322 16149378 16 49742 40
49768 2149792 4043820 16
43522 40 49994 16159021 16
50088 40)50139 24|50368 ... SO
50371 8050355 24150829 24
EOCG6.. 16 50712 24 50734 16
50845: 16 5*53 40 30SS7 24
50893 • 16150897 16150366 '4
r,1012 24 51015 12051Q4S 16
51080 51234 10 5124* 21
61291. 80|51457 16 51503 . 40
51700 1651849 16 51951 24
61979 1652009 24 32048. V 24
52105 16521U 80152346 12)
52627 1632720 40 52742 16
52806 16152817 120152871 40
53036 16:33116 8035263 2000
53276........ 24:33373 40.53426 24
53435 1653458 40 .'3643 If,
53720 16 53767 16 53777 24
63806 16 53828........ 24153902 16
53907 .... 24 54044 54126 24
54307 16 54454 16 54516 16
64588 16 54848 40 54788 16
64569 18581 M 241.-.3511 16
55644 4056716 40155731 24
ESSG3 24 55931 SO 155360 24
66004 1656102 120 56139 24
56248 24 56283........ 16 56433 10
56532 56603 16 56934 16
57172.. 80 57277 40 57278 40
67371 40 57444 16 57477 40
67655 40 57681 M 5798] 14
68057. 16 38197.'. 24158215 24
68234 16155277.. 24 38453 ...... 16
68577 16158594. 1658628 ' 24
£,8640 40158704 24158743 40
68780 18585.2S 24 58973 IK
69068 16 59172 1C 59189 16
59228 18158288 40159284. 36
59393 16 59556 24139887 ' 40
59727........ 1659812 18 59913 40
59993 24 60011 16 60040 .. 4,,
60298 2460369 40 60402 ir
69473 16:60666 16160727 '"" ie
60902 16161084 16161161. .'"'""" is
61187... 16 61321 18161450..! m
«1538 24;61550 16,61564 iIisQOOO
LOTTEBY WING.
No Prize. !No. Prize. |No. Prize.
617-2 ■ 1661972 I 1 ' '-" ■" 16
62065 80,6221* 24|62232 SO
6i269:::::::: SO 62270 24 h2.HO - ib
62503 ■..>! 80 62867 16
62895 „ 4062916 24 6291, 8
BOOS 1663045 16 63071 16
63126 24163177 40,63154 16
63205 16163236 16 63521. \~. 40
5w:::::::: 24 ; 63702 24 63(62 —.. 16
65822 ... SO"" i'>>'- 63900 24
639^ 24 64017 16J6421S 40
64 4 7so:::::::: 400 64373 jftesgl""- IS
B47»:::::::: jrfgg »
65-09 24 1 65256 ■ Ib ; b^>.>?4 >"J
65437 .".. 65696 40 65721 16
6574S 16 1 85940 2466013 40
6WW..: 4065057 1W66100 6
66167 1866250 24 i 66506 16
»::::::: S::::::: SfeS:::::::: 16
SM ffiiiiE:: 16 67262 40
: 67286 :: 1667601 24 67631 «g
67680 1667821 16 6782 -
68090 1668187 40 68257 16
65"79 1C 68333 36 68343 40
6S4IS '.'.'.'.'.'. 16 68460 16 }£5J5 IB •
1 6SSSO 16|65670 40 6891] 24
; .,■•,,7 ... 1669328 16 ; G9462 24
69497::: .. \*\«*Si 1 19681 24
; c"766 . 40 6977S 69752 16
i 69840: :: .. 80 69573 24J69899 16
, 70053:: 2470061 24|70252 40
i 70278 16:70388 16:70393 18
70698 ' 24 70817 24 70850 40
71048: ::•:::: 16!7H4S 24171159 18
71265 .10,71253 24 71286 16
71318 2471353 £4 71383 M
7167!) 71690 50,, 1.^3 Jb
71525 1671952 40 72142 40
72329 2472430 24172447 18
72496 24 7267- 40:72692 SO
72790 16172554 16J72592 16
72908 1673274 16173276 16
73516 4073685 73746 24
73772:.:: 80J73569 2474054 80
74100:!!!.!.. 16 74113 8074122 24
74259 40 74287 24 74298 24
74384 :.. 21 746:12 80)74644 IS
74800 ........ 16174835 2474554 24
74858 .... 16.74937 40:74990 SO
751,15 16 75104........ 16175117 40
75476 16 73504 40 75694 16
-'---,;"■ 24 75759 16 75875 24
- 5 17 16 75566 16176020 16
76041" 1676078 40:76123 120
76125 1676195 16 76271 80
76532 12076432 80177157 40
77 : ?67::::.:.. 40 77340 40177539 21
77680::: .... 2477996 40 78009 16
78016: 16175017 16:78276 40
7R333 16178359 16 78400 80
18412!!...... 16!7541Z. 80J78454 :. SO
78572 .... 24175516 16 78958 16
7917S .... 24 79240 24179269 16 .
79251 16179387 16179399 24
79429 . 1679444 16J7956S 40
79738. 24 75771 24.79824.. ...... 24
79575 120150034 16.50035 24
80120.. 16 80193 16,5.0206 40
50265 16150234 16 1337 16
80446 1680486 24.50437 24
80542 ... 24 sow 16:80884 24
80350 40151082 4081161 24
81206 1681219 16 81368 40
81451 24:5145S 80 81783 40
81786 4081793 24 81798 24
81958 ....... 24,81987 16182023 24
52139 40182145........ 16182279 *0
82282 40J82351 16|82503 16
82544 16.82550 405C857 SO
82678 .... 16 82731 : 82739 SO
S?->63 80 82574 24iS:!010 16
83030 1683057 40 83051 120
83047 . 24i53191 24 53219 SO '
83248 80183459 16 83547 16
5365S 83710 4 «727 21
83519 16 83816 1883841 80
83573 . 1684028 24 84101 24
84122 1684251 40 84342 16
54653 40iS4CS6 24 84731 16
S4V6.J 24 54577 40 84993 18
85021 . 2455051 16 F 85076 80
85170........ 24185202 24 85246 16
f.5255 120,85312 1685419 120
85451 16;53553 80 85707 16
5 )773 ... 1655572 24:85903 16
55365 :.: 4086130..: 10i.56606 40
56C56 1886771 16:86963 40
57066 16187153 16187249 24
57496 16157520 16 87562 SO
87717 1687713 24 87848 IS
87891 . ■• 16188093 16 85127 24
58202 .... 16188255 16 58351 16
58451 1- 88455 58501 16
S.s-07 . id 55610 24 88672 24
58715 ;. 80J58764 II 58822 16
89123 16 89132 16189219 16
SS3.SI 40 89475 1683563 40
89764 40 89820 80190004 24
SMWI7 2490110 80190313 18
F0330 24 190543 ' 16 ; 0616 24
■,0840 II : 30861 16 90883 16
90895 SO'9lOS9 16181125 24 ■
91144.. 16 91223 24 91279 16
91413 16 91415 120,91423 16
91519 120!91612 40 92003 21 '
52030 2*192041 16 92137 IS
923. r >s 24(92379 24 12383 40
52549 2492647 24192527 16
fi">S43 16193006 10 93115 16
92171 16:93197 40J93364 4'i
P36IS 24 93923 16 33937 24
94020 SO 94025 40)94104 16
94234 16 91325 16 94489 24
94630 16J94680 40 : 95106 24
55122 4095135 16:95210 16
95332 40195359 16 96438 40
P5524 16 95945 16 95976 18
95989 1696152 £0 96185 16 .
{6293 16 96294 &0i?6526 ' 24
$6571 24 96392 16)96593 16
96634 16 96666 16[96676 So
96911 80197099 24,97274 24
97416 40197643 24 97795 80
57922 16 ! 98007 16 ISO* 24
98068 400 98163 40 98192 24
rS4OO 2498489 16 98521 16
98545 16 98580 80:98662 16
95G63 241957G0 16195801 16
95509.. 40 98940 ....... 10 19895€ 16
PS97O " 18991 24199011 16
99099 1699172 24 99220 !•
99255........ 16 99340 16199461 16
r.QyO2 16,89852 So,
APPROXIMATION PRIZES — 100 numbers
from 61,514 to 61,614, inclusive, being 50 num-
bers on each side of the number drawing the
capital prize of $30,000— 540. 100 numbers from
63.772 to 63,872. Inclusive, being 50 numbers on
each side of the number drawing the capital
prize of $8000— 524. 100 numbers from 67.772 to
67.872, inclusive, being 50 numbers on each side
of the number drawing the capital prize of
$4000— 516.
TERMINAL, PRIZES— 999 numbers ending
with 64, being the two last figures of the num-
ber drawing the capital prize of $30.000— 58. 999
numbers ending with 22, being the two last "
figures of the number drawing the second capi-
tal prize of $8000-48.
The subscriber, having supervised the single
number drawing, class K. Honduras National
Lottery, hereby certifies that the foregoing are
the numbers which were this day drawn from
Ihe 100,000 placed in the wheel, with the prizes
corresponding to them.
Witness my hand at Puerto Cortex, Hon-
duras. C. A., this Saturday. October 14. 1899
W. 1.. CABEH.. Commissioner.
SPICK, SPAN AND SLICK
In faultless linen every one should at-
tire themselves at times. When
your collar, cuffs or shirt is laundered
at the U. S. Laundry you will be sure
that it is exceptionable in color and
finish. You can't beat our laundry
work; it is the acme of artistic work-
manship and beauty in this handicraft.
"No saw-edges."
United States Laundry. Offlca
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
H ll» • fkaußii If .win
I Mm Ok ■ 4% wn
j§pl|llß HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
hi W® hour.*' Bt ° PS *" »*■«• I^™«
I/ItS rafj tint ' ,V res Emissions, Impo-
$&l Wtt Gleet" &V !coce ' c - Gonorrhoea,
$*3_lSifl Mnnlv . Flts J Strictures, Lost
r^^^BOjl Manhood and all wasting effects
•ealed 12~k««i Be -» bus <» or excesses. Sent
" unv f .^!i,i bottles, $5; guaranteed to
2"* ?."?«»; Address HALLS MEDICAL IX-
frr L V ,i fn^,? r w Bdway - OaWand. Cal. Also
l r •"• a' 1073*. Market Ft., S. F All prtvat*
Aimucb Quickly cured. Send tor Ireo bookBOILEMAKERS
BACK AT WORK
ON TRANSPORTS
The Strike Was Ended
Yesterday.
TO SALVE LAURADA'S CARGO
TOWNSEND SAIXS FOR SCENE
OF THE WRECK.
Two rimers Depart — Spreck
s to Move to Pacific
Str Nichols In
jured by a Streetcar.
';• rs' strike Is over
: to v
-
■
- • •
take up for the
le ships a slight
• of the men's |
T °- i will be hard 'at i
Steamer Townsend Off to Salve the Laurada's Cargo.
<">n the transports Olympla, Tartar,
ohr ami Cpnemaugh and the O. and
O. Oompahy.'s steamer Gaelic, All these
vessels ar.j King repaired by the owners, '
so the boilermakers will work the usual
nine hours for ten hours' pay. On the
Loelanaw tho boilermakers have been at
work over since she was docked, but that
fact is due to a mutual understanding be
tween the managing owner and the men.
As the rt-si:lt of the artisans going back
to work nearly all tho transports now in
port will get away next week. The work
on the boilers is not great, and six of the
fleet will be ready for sea Monday. The
Pennsylvania and Olympia will leave on
that date for Portland, where they will
take on a regiment. The Manuer.se, Tar
tar and Newport will leave for Manila
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I^BssY ■£ \^3*^ ,—■ "*\ ' — \"~"n . * iii H
T: if I I i
Pv*A^ ' ~- Pin
I CERES UP TO DATE. \ '
I A modern "goddess ot the liar- m j
t vest" would give us Cocoa as j i
E her choicest trei^ur?,rjn ' ruvirJ B
i the laurels to GHIRARDELLI'S. 1
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two ct the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each oerson interested in subscribing:
to the Eugene Field -Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as ?! will entitle
donor to th'.s daintily artistic volume .
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
fcrjptlon to- fund. Book contains a selec- .
tlcn,of Field's b*»st and most representa-
tive works and is ready for delivery. .
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween thp family of the :ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
rif childhood. Ad !r'>?«
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT 80UVEN'IH FUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
<Also nt Bock Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
' 10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. Is inserted as
our Contribution.
i with troops nnrt tho Centennial with 300
ea for Honolulu a few hours after
the Olympla and Pennsylvania, -while tho
■ Peking and Ben Mohr will Fail
Wednesday with troops also for Manila.
I'll" departure of these vessels will clear
the way for \he flpot of transports now
on their way here fr.>m th^ Philippines.
mlc Steamship Company's Au=
■ r Honolulu yesterday with
b< rth taken and all the freight she
■i carry. Among those who w nj
■ • v. BB< i were the membi
the Bi si m Lyi ■ any. They will
•!!■ nt in Hnnnlnlu and then
v, N. S. \\\. on the next
tralian steamer. The cabin passen
n the mail steamer were:
C. Albert! Sigrnol Alfrrettl. A. Allison, F. J.
Araw,>g and wife. .Vaster F. J. Amweg Jr..
Miss H. K. Anrac;, Mis? Grace Alwc.od, Miss
Nellie Andrews, Miss Grace Hi!!. N. '.V. 1- m
arl and wife, George H. Best, Mrs. A. C.
I Blossom. 1.,. O. Blossom, wlfo ■■■•■ 1 son, Mr*
I It. 1,. Bowman, Alar. Brotherhood: Mrs. J. G.
: Bryne, Mlsa Annie Cook. Miss N. Cook. J. H.
Cummlnßs, wife and child, H. IMckerman.
Mim M. F Dreyfus G. B. Duncan ami
wife. Miss Alice Evans. Mrs. 1,. S. Fasor. Mrs.
Lulu Fields. Miss Blanche Gale. W. F. Glover,
Mrs. J. H. Godfrey ami infant. Miss Kathorlne
Goodrich: Henry Hallam, J. Hansman and wire,
C. I). HaKelrigK, .Tnhn Henderson. William
Holden, Miss Palsy Howard. Alex Joel, C.
Kai^-r. Arthur Kellum, George Kunkel. John
Lnwton. Mi?s Maud I^ckley. Miss Aimee
Leicfster, K. Mndsly. E. 11. Mtchfleld Jr.. G.
Llvlnustfln. F. If. I^urks. Mrs. L. P. Mcln
tlre. MIfB Kathertnp McXeiH; Mrs. B. G. Mans
fielu, Frank Maslin: Cai ?.t«-lvln. F. K. Nich
ols. J H. Xlessen: Miss Oakley. A. !. Parnnley.
Miss J 11. Parsons. Mrs. F. W. Peterson and
rhild R. C. A. Peterson. Mrs 11. Towel! and
child. Mrs. K. l'ratt ana two children. Miss
Marian Rao. Miss ti. M. Rankln. I. ivette Rock
well Euirene Ilogers. B. F. Paylor. Cliarles
Pchlesincer. Mrs. M. M. Scott. Miss .T. G. I
Sheart-r. Sidney Ppitzer. Mi?s Josephine Btan
trn, Miss N. Stevens. Mrs. A. Sullivan. Colonel
V 'a. Thompson and wife. Mrs. I'lrloh Thomp
son, Miss Julia Thorpe, \V. B. Townsend.
Charles Van Dyne. Miss Cleo Wrnon. C. yon
; Flamm and wife. C. F. Wall and valet, Mrs.
i II Wallace. Mis? C. ■ Ipert, I >r. li C. Watt.
O. P. Wllcoic, S. W. Wllcox and wife. E. S.
i Willard. M. J. Wt-aver. C. M. Yerkes, Alex
Young and wife, Miss Youn?. Miss May Young.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
San Jose sailPjJ for Panama and way |
ports yesterday at noon. Among 1 the
cabin passengers were: Colonel Tisdale, i
the Mall Company's Central American
manager; J. Carpentler of Carpentler &
Co., ..lanzatlan, and Drß. Haas and
- Bailey. The ■ -m of Carpentier & Co. is
. a very wealthy one and the head of the
house, has been in San Francisco on the
lookout for a suitable steamer to run be
tween Mazatlan and this port. Very few
' steamers are in the market Just now, but
. as soon as the Carpentlers can procure
one there will be an opposition boat in the
Mexican trade. Dr. Haas was to have
I sailed with his family on the Curacao for
Mazai but on the morning or their
intended departure his daughter was
found asphyxiated in her room. The fam
: ily home is at Mazatlan.
The Harbor Commissioners will soon be
i pin to tear down Howard street wharf No.
'i. It is the intention to rebuild it with
cylinder piies in 1 make a- structure simi
; lar to the Government wharf out of it.
Colonel Long intends to ask for the new
wharf for the transport service. There is
not enough accommodation at Folsom
street wharf for the vessels at present in
th»} service, and Captain Barneson says
that the new wharf is an absolute nee 3
i sity for the transport service.
. Yesterday Captain McCoy, superintend
' f>nt of the Spreckels tugs, began moving.
I The valuable wrecking plant of the con
! cern was taken to Hathawav's wharf and
: stored, while the ofilce books and furnl
| ture went to Pacific street wharf. In fu
; ture the tugs, will share that structure
| with the Oceanic Steamship Company, and
Captain McCoy will have his office at the
: hf>ad of the wharf. The Naval Reserve
steamer Marion will be moved out In the
stream, and then the work of tearing
down Howard No. 3 will begin.
C. D. Lane, the millionaire mine owner
and "King of Cape Nome." is going into
the wrecking business. The mishaps of
the steamer Laurada on her last voyage
to Cape Nome were told exclusively in
The Call on the arrival of the steamer
Townsend from the north. Since then the
Laurada has gone ashore on one of the
Prybiloff Islands and become a total
wreck. She is lying in such a position
that most of her cargo can be salved, and
Millionaire Lane Is going to try and do
the trick. He has put the Townsend in
commission again and will start to-day
for the Arctic. Captain Frank "White of
the wrecked steamer is going as a pas
p'-neer, and with the appliances aboard
it is expected to save nearly all the mer
f handise. Mr. Lane owns nearly 150 tons
of the stuff In the wrecked steamer, and
if he succeeds In getting it out will hurry
with it to Capo Nome.
JOHN B. HITE ON THE STAND.
Mariposa Millionaire Swears That the
Indian Woman Is Not His Wife.
John R. Hite, the Marlposa millionaire
mine owner, yesterday wont on the wlt
■ '■ d that tho Indian
unman Lucy, who claims to be his lf>pal
grht to that title and never
had. lie admitted that ho had lived with
an Indian won, Mary before he
knew Lucy, and that afu-r she had dipd
in his home he had paJd fur her burial
the grave wherein she was buried.
He admitted that Lucy had lived with
him at Hite's c;>vo. but denied that she
i -. . -r ate at the same table with him. She
was not his wife, and yet he could not
that she was a Bervant.
Mr. Hiw- emphatically declared that h«
knew Rev. Father Williams, or
that hr- had ever admitted to him that
Lucy was his wife. 11.- also denied that
he had ever referred to Lucy as hi? wife
in conversation with John \Y. Wilcox in
this city. In fai t, the only thing he
would admit in connection with his rola
with th" Indian woman was that
id paid all her bills.
Dr. William T. Bell and Dr. Henry R
Bell of this city testified that they had
never known Lucy as the wife of Mr
Hite.
ARRESTED FOR DEBT.
Herbert Peterson Apprehended on
the Honolulu Boat.
Herbert Peterson, a prominent young
business man of Honolulu, was arrested
by Bheriff Martin yesterday afternoon as
he was about to take the steamer Aus
tralia for the islands. He had been for
time in this city and had spent
money on so lavish a scale that his funds
had become exhausted. His arrest was
brought about by certain creditors who
feared he. was leaving in an attempt to
dodge his obligations. He was taken be-
Justice Kerrigan, to whom he fur
nished sufficient evidence that his funds
gone, and at the same time prorn
(sed to make good as soon as he reached
Honolulu. He was allowed to catch his
boat.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
RANKS OF THE
NATION'S DEAD
ARE RECRUITED
Five Funerals at the
Presidio.
■ — •
TAPS FOR CAPTAIN LAFFERTY
LAST TWO REGIMENTS ASSIGN
ED TO TRANSPORTS.
How the Kansas Men Are Going to
Score a Point and Get Home
in Time lo Vote Next
Month.
Five more werf added to the ranks ofl
the dead in the National Cemetery at thel
Presidio yesterday. They were: Private|
Biggins of the Third Artillery, Sergeant
Edward Miller of the Twenty
! Infantry, Private Elmer Raymond
of the Nineteenth Infantry, Samuel Fehl. i
un unassigned recruit, and Captain I>af
ferty of the retired list. All were accord
ed military honors.
Captain Lafferty's funeral was held late
in the afternoon. A caisson was sent to
his residence, and it and the carriages
following It were met at the Presidio
gate, where the funeral procession
formed. The band of the Twenty-eighth
Infantry was ordered out for the occa
sion and the escort was Company C of
the Twenty-eighth Infantry, under com
mand of Captain S. D. Crawford. Cap
tain Bigler, Captain Price. Captain i
Crouch, Captain Vredenburgh, Captain
Croasman and Captain Cranshaw. all of
the Twenty-eighth, acted as honorary
pallbe.j.
The Twenty-eighth has been finally as- I
signed to a transport— or two transports
—and It will get away on Monday next.
Eight companies, with the band and
headquarters, will go on the Tartar, the I
transport that was expected to carry the
Thirty-first, and four companies will go
on the Newport. Both transports will j
sail on Monday. The Thirty-first haa
been assigned to the Peking and the Man
uense.
Eight nurses have been ordered to
leave for Manila on the Tartar, and ac
commodations will have to be provided
for them. They are: Mary Barkley, Edith
H. Rutley, Lula li. Durkee, Sibbie Wilson,
Mary V. Lyons, MarceUa Doyle, Jeanette
MacDor.ald and Eliza A. Brennan.
The following schedule of transports to
sail this month has been prepared by the
quartermaster's department:
October 2S— Newport, with 69 officers and
512 men; Manuense. with 2S officers and
53'J men; Tartar, with 45 officers and 1161
men. October 25— tonmnre, with 2S offi
cers and 737 men; Poking, with 70 officers
and I** men. The Olympia and the Penn
sylvania will leave for the north early
next week to take the Thirty-ninth Regi
ment from Portland, The Hancock will
be ready to sail about the 27th.
Second Lieutenant Parker Hltt, Twen
ty-fifth Tnfantry, reported for duty with
tho recruits at the Presidio yesterday,
l»T!'lir.(? h!s assignment to Manila. First
Lieutenant R. C. Mar-stellar of the For
tieth Infantry reported yesterday for duty
with th.it portion of his regiment that la
beiri^ recruited at th<> Presidio.
The Kansas regiment Is going to scoro
a point at the coming election in its
State. Th" men were to be mustered out
on November 3, which would not allow
them time to arrive homo by election day,
or In Beason to vote, so the date has been
changed to October 2S, and on that date
the men will be mustered out. They will
lr,' taken home at once and will arrive
in time to )><> a factor in tho election.
A good deal of the work of mustering out
that has been done will hnve to be done
over nxain as consequence of the change
ct" date, but the clerks and officers will
work overtime and everything will be
ready at the earlier day.
First Lieutenant Benjamin Stark of the
Thirty-first Infantry has been assigned to
thf Peking as quartermaster and commis
sary. First Lieutenant E. s. Stayer,
TweAy-eighth Infantry, has been as
signed to tli" Tartar in a similar capacity.
Private Henry Hampton of the Thirty
first Infantry, who shot at a comrade
during the quarantine of the regiment at
Angr-1 Island, has b«en sentenced by a
court-martial to two month-, at hard labor
wherever his company may be serving
and to forfeit $10 a month for the same
period.
NEW FORTIFICATIONS.
Suit Instituted to Condemn a
Site Near Lake Merced
for Heavy Artillery.
Vnltod States Attorney Coomhs filed
yesterday a complaint for the condemna
tion of a tract of land west of Lake Mer
ced and facing the ocean for the mili
tary purposes of the T'nited States.
Forty-three acres and seventy-four hun
dred! bs of an acre belong to the Spring
Valley Water Works Company, und a
strip of land on the south side about
50x1200 feet, containing one acre and
forty-nine hundredths of an acre is owned
by William Brooka, Kate L. Brooks and
Stella Leviston.
'J :.• United States Government experts
estimated the value of the land at be
tw-en $800 and $700 per acre, hut the
water company demanded $1000 per acre
The tract Is on a high bluff command
ing a fine view of the ocean and the ap
proaches to the Golden Gate four miles
to the northward. It will be used by the
Government as a fort tor heavy euns
to assist in defending the city from In
vasion by sea.
Bubonic Pla«ie Racine.
RIO DE JANEIRO. Oct. IR.-The state
ment that the bubonic plague Is raging
at Santos Is officially confirmed.
FOUND DEAD IN BED
BY HIS DAUGHTER
HALLECK V. DEMING.
HALL.ECK V. DEMING, one of the directors in theDeming-Palmer Mill-
Ing!"' mpany, was found dead In bed by his daughter Florence yesterday
morning at 10:30 o'clock, at the family residence, 714 Ellis street,
Death had occurred some time during the night from natural causes.
Coroner Hill was notified, and after a personal Investigation decided
that the body should not bo removed to the Morgue.
Mr. Doming had been suffering with disease ever since his return
from Europe, about two years ago. He was a confirmed invalid and confined
to his room during that period. He has never been quite the same since the
death of his wife in Paris, three years ago. Dr. Chismore, who has been at
. g him, states that Mr. Deming's heart was weak, and death evidently
resulted from an attack which gave him no time to warn the household.
Mr. Deming was C 3 years old at the time of his death, and besides his daugh
ter Florence leaves a son, William, who is employed in the milling company.
His two brothers, F. O. and J. G. Deming, were associated with him In busi
ness, and they are all favorably known in commercial circles.
Halleck Deming was born in Shelby ville. Ir.d., March 8, 1536, and in 1552 he
crossed the plains with his two brothers, and arriving at Yreka they engaged
in mining in October of that year. In 1866 they came to San Francisco and
succeded In building up an immense milling business.
The d^ad man was a member of tne Merchants' Exchange and the Produce
Exchange, both of which organizations will take action in respect to his mem
ory. An autopsy will be performed on the remains to determine the exact
cause of death, a? Mr. Deming carried a large insurance during his life time.
It is estimated that his fortune, which ho acquired In the flouring business,
will aggregate o\
SUPPLEMENTARY
MINING BUREAU
NOW PUNNED
Plan for the Miners'
Convention.
Pthe date for the State convention of
alifornia Minors' Association, which
s next Monday, approaches, new
are appearing in the Held and in
creasing the pro:r.ise of an interesting and
Important gathering.
One plan which is being Incubated by
sev< ral members and which will undoubt
edly be urged before the convention is
that of enlarging the scope of the work of
the big association in the State and mak
ing it a larger and more con
stant force in the mining field
by establishing permanent headquarters
which shall be more than an office with a
eign on the door announcing the s»'cre
tary's place of business and which shall
be to the mining industry something like
what the State Board of Trade has been
to the interests of agriculture a.nd horti
culture. Many leading and uctive mem
bers of the association have long recog
nized the need and opportunity for this.
It is proposed by some of the enterpris
ing ori's that a bureau !>. established and
maintained by the association which shall
be first and foremost a bureau of live in
formation concerning the mining Industry
in California and also a p!uec v ut which
mining men of all parts of the State would
drop in when they com.? to the city, as
they do daily by the scores. There should
be a reading room and library, supplied
with all the mining; and State journals, an
accumulation of the latest mining maps
and works of mining reference, ana possi
bly the beginning of a mining exhibit. It
should be a •'place for pointers" for min
ing men. Secretary Renjamin has well
suggested that there might be a free State
register of practical mining men of all
grades, from drill men and mine foremen
to assay era, mine surveyors, etd which
would Instantly supply any employer, at
the associations expense, with the names
and references of men of the kind wanted.
There are almost numberless way? in
which such a bureau might be made of
great value to the industry and a credit m
the ;Kmi> members of the booming as
tion. Such an institution would supple
ment and not conflict with or detract from
tait rathi-r assist the Si:it<> Mining bureau,
whose functions ar.» limited. Then- thus
appears the possibility of what would be
practically a new and important State in
stitution.
Some people will propos.- that some lead,
ing bans i"> mad>- the treasurer this year.
The badges which will )<•■ worn by the
delegates will be handsome ones, consist
ins of a pan, pt-ndru'.t from a crossed pick
and shovel. Secretary Benjamin had yes
terday received notice of the appointment
of 594 delegates, with three counties
the Bouthern California brand) yet to
hear from. The Governors of six western
States have reported the appointment of
delegates. Governor Gage, the entire Cal
ifornia Congressional delegation, David
Starr Jordan and Benjamin Ida Wheeler
arc among the eminent men who have re
ceived invitations to also attend and
speak. The thr 0 will be a
big and interesting affair.
Riles Snarls. E. C. Voorheis, F. F.
Thomas and Julian Sonntat,' arc the lead
ing candidates for (he presidency since J.
H Neff has declared tli.it this is his iu«t
tern Indications seem to point to ex-
Senator Voorheis* election. W. C. Rals
ton who has positively declined to be a
candidate for the presidency. j H being
urged to run for another t^rm as vice
president, and Charles <;. rale is being
• talked about for the office if he declines.
B N Shoecraft of Nevada County has
been expected to ho a rival to R. H. Ben
lamln for the secretaryship, hut it is re
porte* now that Shoecraft will m>t run.
and so far Benjamin seems to have a
walkover ahead. The convention will this
year be held in Golden Gate Hall, on Sut
ler street.
Benefit of St. Brendan's.
Arrangements are in rapid progress for
tlie coming benefit which is to be given
by the young men of St. Brendan's par
ish. Every effort is being made by the
committee in charge to make it one of
the grandest Bticcessea of the season. The
concert will take place In N. S. G. W
Hall on Saturday evening, October 2S.
Some of the best local talent has been
procured for the entertainment and one
of the city's leading orchestras will ren
der the dance music. Company 11, L. C. C.
will be presented with the proceeds of
the social to assist them in equipping
their armory.
Exhibits for Paris.
The first of the exhibits of California
products for the International Exposition
at Paris will leave here for the French
capital next Monday. Varney Gaskill, sec
retary of the California Paris Commis
sion, states that the first Installment will
amount to about 25,000 pounds. The rest
of the exhibits will be forwarded as soon
after as they can be made ready.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY
CIRCLE.
History
The History course will be pub-
lished on Fridays, beginning Friday,
October 19.
Contributors to this Conrse :
ALBERT BUSHNELL HART,
Ph.D.,
Professor of History, Harvard University.
JOHN BACH McMASTER,
Professor of American History, Univer-
sity of Pennsylvania."
BERNARD C. STEINER, Ph.D.,
Librarian of the Pratt Free Library,
Baltimore.
FREDERIC W. SPEIRS, Ph.D.,
University Extension Lecturer on Ameri-
can History and Economics.
CHARLES H. SMITH, LL.D.,
Professor of American History, Tale
University.
WILLIS M. WEST, M.A.,
Professor of History, University of Min-
nesota.
JOHN W. PERRIN, Ph.D.,
Professor of History, Adelbert College,
Cleveland.
JAMES A. WOODBURN, Ph.D.,
Professor of History and Political Science,
Indiana University.
Andrew c. Mclaughlin, 11.b.,
Professor of American History, Univer-
sity of Michigan.
The course in American history
will include special studies of the
following famous statesmen:
1. SAMUEL ADAMS.
2. PATRICK HENRY.
3. JOHN RANDOLPH.
4. GOUVERNEUR MORRIS,
5. BENJAMIN FRANKLIN.
6. THOMAS JEFFERSON.
7. JAMES MADISON.
8. ALEXANDER HAMILTON.
9. JOHN JAY.
10. JOHN MARSHALL.
11. ALBERT GALLATIN.
12. ANDREW JACKSON.
13. JOHN C. CALHOTJN.
14. HENRY CLAY.
15. DANIEL WEBSTER.
16. CHARLES SUMNER.
Full particulars in illustrated book-
let mailed free to any address.
POPULAR STUDIES IN SHAKESPEARE.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
Contributors to this course: Dr. William J. Rolfe, Dr. Edward Dowden. Dr. Albert 8.
Cook. Dr. Hiram Corson, Dr. Hamilton W. Mabie. Dr. Isaac N. Demmon, Dr. Vlda D.
Scudder and others.
PLAY: LOVE'S LABOB'S LOST.
I.— Story of the Play.
The King of Navarre, "the sole Inher
itor of all perfections that a man may
own," has made a vow that
Till oainful study shall outwear three years,
No woman may approach his silent court.
Three gentlemen of the King's court
have sworn that "for the three years'
term" they will "live with him as his fel
low scholars." One article of the vow or
oath reads as follows:
Item, if any man be pe«>n to talk with a wo
man within the term of three years he shall
endure such public shame as the rest of the
court can iicssibly device.
Presently there comes to Navarre, in
tending to visit the court of the King, the
noble and beautiful Princess of France,
attended by three noble and beautiful
ladies. The Princess is upon an embassy
for her father, the King of France, who is
old, feeble and ill.
The King of Navarre and his three
courtiers are dismayed. They do not wish
to be unkind, nor do they wish to deny
themselves the happiness of meeting these
noble and beautiful ladies. And yet they
do not wish to be forsworn of their oath.
Finally, since necessity knows no law,
they agree to be forsworn of their oath
this much: They will meet the Princess
and her train without the precincts of the
court; but the ladies are not to be admit
ted within the precincts.
When the meeting takes place the King
and his three courtiers fall In love with
the Princess and her three ladies respec
tively. But for shame's sake they will
not confess their loves to one another. In
the end, however, through a series of mis
adventures, they become acquainted with
their common predicament and they unite
upon a common plan to obtain the favor
of their loved ones.
The Princess and her ladies also find
out about the gentlemen's predicament
and determine to have some merriment
over the affair. So when the King and
THE STREET IN WHICH SHAKESPEARE LIVED.
his courtiers, in the disguise of Musco- |
vitea, visit the Princess and her ladies the \
Princess and her ladies also disguise
themselves. The result is that every one j
of the four gentlemen makes love to tho
wrong lady.
When subsequently the gentlemen visit
the ladles in their proper guise and again
declare their loves the ladies merciles.-ly j
laugh at them for their former blunders. \
In the end, however, the lovers are all I
accepted, but only on condition of each i
doing a year's penance, as, for example,
retreating
To some folorn and naked hermitage—
this not only because of the broken oaths j
but also to show that their love is lasting, i
Note— Read the play before reading: any of the ;
studies which follow. Note Dr. Cook's direc
tiene; as published in The Call on Monday.
A Neglected Comedy.
"Love's Labor's Lost" is perhaps the
least read of Shakespeare's comedies; and
for this neglect it is easy to assign a
reason. The play, probably Shakespeare's
first attempt in independent dramatic
composition, is, on the surface at least,
of a quite different character from his
other comedies. While these deal with
the lasting attributes of human nature
and find their humor in the perennially
ridiculous aspects of men's character,
"Love's Labor's Lost" is a satiric fling at
contemporary follies and provokes laugh
ter by its caricatures of figures and
fashions well known to its first hearers,
but as forgotten to the average reader of
to-day as the heroes who lived before
Agamemnon. Just as "Patience" some
years back swept over England and
America in a peal of merry mocking
laughter, but has already passed away
Into the dark backward and abysm of
time, so this play of Shakespeare's, which
once set the pit of the Blackfriars theater
roaring and sweetly commended itself to
the fancy of good Queen Bess and the
learning of wise King James, is now to
all Intents dead past hope of resurrection
from the shelves of the library to the
boards of the stage. The allusions to the
fantastic Monarcho, to the dancing horse,
to the last fashionable licentious poem,
all ring hollow to-day, and when Shakes
peare's merry gentlemen belabor the long
forgotten fashion of pedantic and affected :
speech the reader is inclined to cry with
Armado: "The sweet war man Is dead
and rotten; sweet chucks, beat not the ;
bones of the dead."
And yet for the student of Shakespeare '
"Love's Labor's Lost" has a peculiar in
terest. It was the special favorite of the
young Goethe and his circle of Shakes
peare worshipers at Strasburg. Schlegel,
the great champion of the romantic
school in Germany, spoke of it as a model 1
comedy of the finest wit and the most i
delightful mirth. Xor has it been without ;
honor in his own country. Coleridge says: |
"If this juvenile drama had been the only j
one extant of our Shakespeare, and we
possessed the tradition only of his riper
works, how many of Shakespeare's char
acteristic features might we not still have
discovered, though as in a portrait of him
taken in his boyhood." Charles Lamb \
loved it as the comedy of leisure, "most
nonsense, best sense"; and Pater has de
voted to it one of the most charming of '■
his charming appreciations.
History of the Play.
All critics agree that "Love's Labor's i
Lost " is one of the earliest of Shakes
peare's plays, and some of the highest i
authorities rank it as his first independ- j
ent work. General consent puts the date
of its composition somewhere between 1559
and 1592. We need not trouble ourselves j
about the exact year. When we know j
that we have in "Love's Labor's Lost" 1
one of the earliest if not the very first of !
Shakespeare's creations in the field of !
poetic comedy we know enough.
The statement that it is one of his !
earliest creations applies, however, only 1
to the first draft of "Love's Labor's Lost"
and not to the drama as it lies before us ;
to-day. On the title page of the first
edition, a quarto, published in 1559, we \
re "A Pleasant
Conceited Comedle
Called
Loves labors lost.
As it was presented before her Hlghnes
this last Christmas.
Newly corrected and augmented
by W. Shakespeare."
"Newly corrected and augmented"— for
when her gracious majesty deigned to •
cast the radiant beams of her favor upon
the young dramatist, whose wit, pathos
and Bentlmtnt were packing the play
houses in the suburbs, and commanded
a performance of his popular dramatic
satira for the entertainment of her court
on Christmas day, it was not for him to
present it in its first rough form. It must
be retouched and decked out with such 1
ornament of ringing verse as the author
of "Romeo and Juliet" and "The Mer
chant of Venice" had at his command.
It is not hard to discover some of the
additions that Shakespeare made to the
play in 1397. The characters of Rosaline
and Berowne must have been strength
ened, and It is possible that the figure
of the pedant schoolmaster wa3 added as
a companion- piece to the pedant curate
of the first sketch.
Points of Special Interest.
In spite of what has been said above
as to the comparative lack of interest of
this play for the general reader, there
are few comedies of Shakespeare's that
will better repay a ciose and sympathetic
study than "Love's Labor's Lost." It is
a play of beginnings, and we may see in
it the art of Shakespeare in the germ, or
rather in a bud just unfolding, sweet in
Itself, and full of glorious promise. It is
a play of youth: the young king, the
young princess, th.-> young amorous lords
and ladies dominate the scenes. And in
the flash and parry of the weapons of
young wit we catch the mind of the
young poet. And it is a play in which
the personality of the author shines out
through the thin veil of the hero, and we
see. If not exactly Shakespeare himself,
Shakespeare as he wished himself to ap
pear in the eyes of his mistress.
Shakespeare's Art in the Play.
The dramatic art shown in the con
struction of the plot is of the very slight
est. The story, drawn no one knows
whence, is a mere peg on which to hang
a spangled robe of wit and poetry-. A
King of Navarre decides to turn his court
into a little Academe. He and his fol
lowers take vows to study hard, to sleep
little, to fast often and above all to shun
the society of women, in order that they
may drink deep of the delights of learn
ing and earn in their lives the fame that
shall "live registered upon their brazen
tombs." But the best laid schemes, even
of a studious King and his bookmates,
"gang aft agley." A Princess of France
comes upon the scene with her ladies, as
an ambassadress from her old father. Of
mere necessity the late-made vows are
broken. The King and his lords enter
into parley with the Princess and her la
dies, and no sooner enter into parley than
they fall in love, and no sooner fall in
love than they begin to -woo their mis
tresses. The ladies, not ignorant of the
vow rashly made and quickly broken, re
pay their court with merry scorn, till at
the close a graver note strikes across the
silver laughter, as a messenger announces
the death of the King of France. "Ine
Princess retires to a year's sojourn >n a
mourning house, and for a twelve
months' space the lovers must wait for
their answer. "Our wooing doth not end
like an old play," says the irrepressible
Berowne. wilh half a sigh for the pen
alty assigned him. "Jack hath not Jill "
And so for the year at least love's 1 bora
lost. Could any plot be lighter, slighter
brighter? '
Even in the character drawing we B*e
the prentice hand, not without promise
indeed, of greater things to come, but
still the prentice hand. The King and the
Princess are graceful but shadowy figures.
There is not a hair to choose between
Longaville and Dumain, or between Kath
erine and Maria. Even the humorous per
sons of the play— Armado, Holofernes.
Costard— follow along lines strictly laii
down in the old comedy— the braggart, tho
pedant and th~ clown— as, indeed, they are
sometimes called in the first edition. But
if any one wishes to see how much of the
wine of wit Shakespeare has poured into
these old bottles, one has but to compara
Armado with his prototype. Sir Tophas,
in Lilly's "Endymion." Only in the figure*
of Berowne and Rosaline, where the pren
tice hand has been reinforced by the mas
ter's touch, do we feel ourselves in tha
presence of a pair of Shakespeare's men
and women, so much more alive than th<3
crowds that go about the stieet and
make aa though they lived.
Berowne, in especial, is a masterpiece
His ready wit, his firm hold on the fa<ns
of life, his unquenchable good iiumo
mark him as one of the characters that
Shakespeare loved. He subscribes the oath
presented by the King with a laughing
protest against its ideality. He falls in
love and jests at his own folly.
"What, I! I love! I sue: I seek a wife I"
r^ Ui iU Wl J, at d - hu mored malice aoes he
upbraid his fellows when their broken
vows came to light: with what easy grace
does he contess the fact when his own
love-caused perjury is revealed. How elo
?hf n m J t'ii le i de^ en^ s , the oath-breaking of
the little band of lovers and extols its
From woman's eyes' this doctrine I derive-
They sparse still the right Promethean flre :
They are the books, the art.-;, the academes,'
That show, contain and nourish all the world.
Unconquerably sanguine he rises above
each rebuff of his mocking lady, and ac
cepts with whin-si- al resignation her sen
tence "to jest a twelve-month in a hos
pital. If anything was wanting in his
character it was a little more of the milk
of human kindness, a little more open
eyed perception of the suffering in the
world. And this we feel that he will gain
He will finish his year's penance not a
sadder, but perhaps a gentler man
Rosaline, the first of the ma.l girla "that
mock their lovers so," is a fair portre~-3
of that temple of the comic spirit More
than a match in the fence of wit for Be
rowne himself, yet always preserving a
certain decorum which lifts her above
most of the characters of the play sh<> i 9
as wise as she is witty. She knows tho
worth of her lover, and his weakness aa
well, and with unerring instinct lavs her
finger on the spot. When she turns upon
the man "replete with mocks, full of com
parisons ar.d wounding flouts" and dis
patches him to
Visit the speechless sick and still converse
■With groaning wretches; and your task shall
be,
With all the fierce erideavor of your wit
To force the pained Impotent to smile,
wo feel the justice as well as the severity
of the sentence, at once a punishment and
a remedy.
Dr. Brandes sees in Rosaline and Be
rowne the first sketch of Beatrice ami
Benedick, and there is a certain similarity
In the situation. But when we hear Rosa
line exulting over her lover's plight and
promising herself all the jnys of a pretty
tyranny— "This same Berowne I'll torture
ere I go"— we are irresistibly remind-1 ot
a gentler lady than Beatrice and a wittier
maid than Rosaline herself, the pretty
page of the forest of Arden, who led Or
lando through such a mad cure for the
madness of love, being "effeminate
changeable, longing and liking; proud!
fantastical, apish, shallow, inconstant
full of tears, full of smiles, for every
passion something, and for no passion
truly anything." The dawn of Rosaline 13
the promise of Rosalind.
Princeton University.
Note— The study of Love's Labor's Lost
will be continued on Monday next.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
. uu 'in 1 ale R pe.
. . . ■ . and Lucoi higher.
-. financial quotations stand the same,
again. Barky steady.
 i ( >ats : : ; demand and firm. Rye zvell held,
i larger recei ■ ■ idy and unciianged.
■ i ivance.
ger supply and lozver. Potatoes unchanged.
md Eg[ v t rive articles of food.
Game </";W and easy.
Table Grapes in pply and weaker. Wine Grapes in light
receipt.
Dried Fruits show no change worthy of note.
ifornia *cd for business.
Another advance in Quicksilver.
Charters
The Arthur Bewail ! ada grain and rr.dse
for London, 3Ds.
The City of Papeete loads Ise for Tahiti
ar.d MarquSsas'; J. O. North mdse for Kahului
en. l HonolpuJ ■-'•
The B. F. I'ackard loads md.*e tor New York.
The J. D. Peters loads coal at. Comox fur
Santa Rosalia; Louisiana; lumber on the sound
for Sydney, 455; Queen Victoria, wheat at fa
con-.a for Europe, 3ss9d; Sintram, coal at De
par 1 , lira Cay for Honolulu.
Boer War and Gold Supply.
The New- York circular of Henry Clows nays:
"War between England and the Boer re
publics has become a certainly. The notable
fact that the event has been attended with
lit t "e or no aggravation of the financial Blt
uatlon in London shows that the worst out
come of the warlike contingencies had been
discounted in advance. In fact, the ending of
the suspense seems to have brought relief
rather than aggravation. This war contin
gency has been a cloud overhanging the srt
uation both in Europe and this country for
quite a long period, and so tar as we are con
cerned It may be considered as having been
fairly discounted. The way in which we would
l.c most affected would be by the stoppage of
gold remittances from the Transvaal to Lon
don, which last year amounted to 562.000.000. If
England does not get these remittances to
strengthen her gold supply, it will make it al
most Impossible for thla country to draw much,
if any. gold from Europe meanwhile, as it will
be resisted by the Hank of England and Con
tinental banks; consequently, we are liable
to get In payment for any commercial trade
balance due us a return of securities instead."
Dried Fruit in New York.
Mall advices from Now York say:
"Prunes are selling more freely, and there
have been sales of ten carlots within the past
two days. Negotiations are In progress for
etill larger sales, with promise of speedy con
summation. No holder will sell 90s. They are
short; held at a premium, and the price is
tending upward. There is a premium on 40s
also. Most sales are of the three sizes in
ett-ad of four, a? usual, and holders are not
anxious sellers of the three sizes. On the
coast there is no disposition to urge sales.
Holders are inclined to anticipate higher
prices on all sizes later.
"Tenches continue firm and choice are mov
ing upward. Pales were reported yesterday
at 'it'V«c advance on choice, but the lots were
t-malf and chiefly f^r immediate consumption.
On the coast up to Tc is ... choice
In bacs. f. o. 1). A further advance is likely
as storks on hand clean up. The supply is
luree, but demand appears to Tw> sufficient to
consume everything likely to crae on the mar
ket before the next season's crop is ready for
delivery.
"Apricots are out of first hands and prices
rule strong on lots In second Hands. Some
pa'es have been made here at the recent ad
vance, but they were chiefly of small quanti
ties and excited but little influence on the
market.
"Raisins ar» qul<>t at present. There re ne
gotiations pending for large sales, but so far
ns known nothing has b«»en closed. Transac
tions are in small quantities at present and
represent the requirements of relatively small
handlers. Most of th«» packers have disposed
of "•". per cent of their allotment, and an cau
tious about taking further orders. It Is un
derstood that several orders wired to the coast
■within the past day or two have been turned
down, owing to the Inability -of packers to fill
them."
The ll ax Market.
The circular of Somers & Co. says:
Receipts of Hay have been quite light for j
the past week as compared with weekly re
.in.s for the past few months, the total be- !
ing something under 3000 tons. This falling !
iff has lit-en caused partly by the recent rain- |
ptorm and partly by the grea.t trouble in se- |
curins transportation. Thf railroad company,
with Increased fariiiti*?, does not feem to be
able to handle the freight offered it, more par
ticularly .is there Is much fruit being shipped
ut this particular tlr:ie of yt-ar, and prefer
ence seeina to be >;i\fn perishable products.
}'. r the last thrr-o days but twenty-one <ar
loads have arrived, although there Is a cry
lor cars all over tho country. There is yet
quite a quantity ci lf;ty out of doors, and ;
altl)' ush some little of It ha« been damaged j
to such an extent that it will not b* market- j
cl h»re, yet the bulk of what still remains I
out will anon be baled, weather permitting. I
end will be forwarded to this market as fast I
as cars and boats are provided. Because of |
the comparative scarcity of Hay on the mar- j
ket there has been a somewhat better feeling
noticeable, and without doubt prices will be i
advanced 50e to $1 per ton shortly If receipts,
do not Increase.
"Alfalfa continues to drag along with re- |
ceipts ranging quite tree, about one-third of 1
the total for the week, or about 1000 tons, be- I
ing of t.'-.is particular grade. I
"'The future' of the murket Is a matter of :
pome speculation, but our opinion Is that the ;
prices for tho better qualities of both Wheat !
and Oat Hay will be from EOc to $1 per ton j
better than vo hnve been noting for a week ;
past. Tho medium grarlf.s may be expected to \
(■"nt'.nuc- witlmut change, while the poorer |
grades and the damaged Hay, which will i
probably Le in evidence, will tell at lower
rates than we have noticed up to this date
"Hale Rope has been advanced again by the
local cordage company. We now quote 14c per
Ih en three-strand Manila mixed and lU-ic on
■ -i me."
Weather Report.
U2'th MerHiar.-Pacific Time.)
HAN' FRANCISCO, Oct. 18. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
loportoil from stations !n California to-day:
Eureka (UlSan Diego 64
Fresno 74 Sacramento 70
Lor Angoles 7't Independence 68
Bed P.luff Puma M I
Ran LviiH Oblgpo 6S|
Fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, T2; mean. 56.
WEATHI'It CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy Is central to
night at the mouth nf the Columbia River. A
pressure 01" 2D.35 inches Is reported from Fort
Canby, with a maximum wind velocity of 40
rnll<-s per hour from the northeast. Hninis
falling along the coast from Cape Mendoclno
northward. Southeaet storm signals are dis
played from Port HarforJ north. North
bound vessels are warned of heavy weather
out.'ide.
Forecast mad at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight October 19. 1399:
For Northern California— Rain Thursday;
high southerly winds.
For Southern California— Cloudy! Thursday,
with rain In extreme northern portion; south
erly winds, high along the coast north of Point
Conception.
For Nevada— Rain Thursday.
For Utah— Rain Thursday.
For Arizona— Cloudy Thursday.
For San Francisco rend vicinity— Rain Thurs
day: westerly wind,' changing to high southerly;
southeast storm rignnl displayed for severe
«torms along the Oregon coast. .
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
XKW YORK, Oct. I*. — There was a oon^i.W
ence on the prtrt of the
• 'ks to-day and the market
c:!r.p.' t be ; . • mctprtze.i otherwise than
engtn was decidedly spotty,
• irly hour?, but th«> tone
•Uadily Improved and the demand lor stocks
In the late dealings became rather urgent. A i
striking- evidence of underlying strength was '
the indisposition of the bears to contest the j
advance. This was notably true In the group j
of Industrial stocks which was made the tar- ;
get for attack yesterday. Thus It will be seen :
that the glucose stocks, the members of the ,
Iron and steel group. People's Gas and the local
traction stocks, which have of late been quite
persistently pressed by the bear faction, all
show rather striking gains. Another feature j
of the market was the fact that the few stocks
that were picked out to be manipulated for a <
rise d!d not hold their gains well, although the
advance seemed to effect the desired purpose
of inducing sympathetic strength at other
points in the list. The bidding up of the Van
derbllt group is a time-honored maneuver
among- the professionals to signal a bull move
ment. Northwestern, Omaha, New York Cen- j
tral and the minor Vanderbllts all came Into ■
the movement and the Union Pacific stocks i
trailed on as usual. The coalers were also ;
employed as a leader. In the railroads the j
strength was not widely diffused, although the ,
general tone was quite firm. The grangers, j
added to those already specified, would about
complete the list. The various tone displayed
by Sugar and Brooklyn Transit had a large
influence, owing to the volume or' the tran- I
sactions in them.
The gains in Louisville, Southern Pacific and
the Baltimore and Ohio stocks are small and
Pullman and Great Northern preferred show |
sharp losses on the day. There was no special j
development in the day's news to account for j
the market's strength. There was no renewed ,
s-tringency In money, but there was no actual j
replenishment of New V irk's diminished cash j
supplies. Foreign exchange In New York ad
vanced sharply, causing some renewal of talk
of gold exports. The simultane>rus advance of ■
sterling exchange here and in Paris and Ber- .
lin indicated the drawing in by London of out
standing resources in reparation for war ex- j
penditures. The meager supply of cotton hills, j
very unusual at this period, is also a factor I
In the strength of sterling exchange. The
scarcity of ship room; owing to the British
Government's demands for transport service,
is cite . as the cause.
The market for bonds •■■■•.- moderately active
and showed numerous points of strength.
Total sales. $2,230,000. United States old 4's
registered advanced 4 In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Bid.
1.700 Atchlson 20*;
23,360 Atchlson : refd 63% i
2.455 Baltimore & Ohio 52% j
Canadian Pacific 92
COO Canada Southern 62
€00 Chesapeake & Ohio 2:-\ 1
225 Chicago Great Western 14 : <
5.577 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy — 131H
425 Chicago Ind & St Louis 11%
Chicago Ind & St Louis prefd 41
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 95%
3,747 Chicago & Northwestern 171% 1
4.65* Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 113%
1.950 C C C & St Louis 68%
3,600 Colorado Southern 4%
l(K) Colorado Southern Ist prefd (3 >
Colorado Southern 2d prefd 1.1 !
1,050 Delaware & Hudson 121
7,454 Delaware Lackawanna & Western. 190%
400 Denver & Rio Grande tl%\
4''o Denver .v Rio Grande prefd..... "a%
200 Erie 134.
600 Erie prefd 36';
525 Great Northern prefd ex dlv 1734
100 Hocking Coal I- 1 * !
Hocking Valley 30% !
3'o Illinois Central 1124 .
lowa Central 13*
260 lowa Central prefd 56
600 Kansas City Pittsburg & Gulf — Si
Lake Erie & Western 18
100 Lake Erie & Western prefd 80%
Lake Shore prefd 205
6.6 Louisville & Nashville - : 2
19.C45 Manhattan Elevated 108%, I
7 167 Manhattan Street Railway lSf>%
1,000 Mexican Central 13"s |
200 Minneapolis & St Louis 72
100 Minnesota and St Louis prefd — !<4%
2.7'" Missouri Pacific 44%
! 250 Mobile & Ohio 45
Missouri Kansas & Texas 12' i
6(ii Missouri Kansas A; Texas prefd 3«%
1,030 New Jersey Central li.' 1 ]
7,800 New York Centra! 135%!
320 Norfolk & Western 244 I
100 Norfolk & Western prefd 65% i
4.T:.0 Northern Pacific 53H j
1,450 Northern Pacific prefd 75
1,210 Ontario & Western 24%
Oregon Railway & Nay 42 ■
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76 !
2.300 Pennsylvania 131% >
1.050 Reading 21 .
4.2 Reading Ist l refd &SI4 .
600 Heading 2d prefd 32 i
Bio Grande Western 37% |
100 Rio Grande Western prefd $0 I
600 St Louis & Pan Fran 11 I
... St Louis tc San Fran Ist prefd 69 :
St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 35% |
200 St Louis Southwestern 13% !
2.720 St Louis Southwestern prefd 32% j
19,120 St Paul 125% |
St Paul prefd 171 i
300 St Paul & Omaha 122 |
18,21)0 Southern Pacific 37% ;
tlO Southern Railway 11% I
1 2"0 Southern Railway prefd C2S I
400 Texas &c Pacific I*% ]
7.935 Union Pacific 43 7 !
9.M0 Union Pacific prefd 76%
200 Wabash '*
2.050 Wabash prefu 2' ■ ' «
LOOO Wheeling & Lake Erie 11
411 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd.... 30Vi
353 Wisconsin Central 16%
Express Companies
Adams "•>
American «'%
United States •• JO
Wells-Fargo 130
Miscellaneous—
500 American Cotton Oil 44%
American Cotton Oil prefd '.<>
American Malting 13 1
253 American Malting prefd 66 :
235 American Smelting & Refining 36
3.400 American Smelting & Refining prefd 88%
American Spirits 4 I
American Spirits prefd 30%
1,500 American Steel Hoop 42 T , |
210 American Steel Hoop prefd 84% I
C.400 American Steel & Wire 51%
1,000 American Steel & Wire prefd SOU
250 American Tin Plate 37
American Tin Plate prefd 85% i
12,836 American Tobacco 121%
American Tobacco prefd 143%
1,520 Anaconda Mining Co 47 j
82,395 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 85% ]
645 Colorado Fuel & Iron 54% I
1,450 Continental Tobacco 42%
3,32.-. Continental Tobacco prefd..., 92%
4.680 Federal Steel 54%
1.280 Federal Steel prefd 77 :
1,395 General Electric 119%
4,360 Glucose Sugar 56%
Glucose Sugar prefd 105*; j
390 International Paper 24%
1.210 International Paper prefd 7;
2.675 Lacledi Gait 80%
National Biscuit :.. 42%
100 National Biscuit prefd 97
100 National Lead 29
l.'iO National Lead prefd ir,9%
2.160 National Steel 49%
National Bteel prefd 94% i
125 New York Air Brake 145
1,200 North American 12 , I
Pacific Coast 47% !
Pacific Coast Ist prefd 84 "
PnclflC C it id prefd : 65
1.000 Pacific Mall 39
16,385 pie's Gas. 111%
000 Pressed Steel Car 58
CKO Pressed Steel Car ; refd SB%
3,915 Pullman Palace Car 202 -
Standard Rope & Twine 6%
67.855 Sugar 145%
Sugar prefd 117' j
1,650 Tennessee Coal .'» Iron 116% i
11,611 United Stater. Leather m,,. I
I 2,267 United States Leather prefd 7>'\
200 United States Rubber ■■ \ !
100 United States Rubber prefd 112
CSO Western Union SS
SS2 Republic Iron and Steel 28« i
300 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 75% !
■■:..'•. C c c 72% I
443.100 Shares sol I. ' j
CLOSING BONDS.
I' S 2s reg 100% M X & T 2ds 69
L* S3s reg 107',; I M K&T 4s 93
VS 3s coup ins N V Cent 15t5.... 112%
U S new 4s reg...125% N V Cent gen 65.. 113
V S new 4s coup.. |N Carolina fls ....127
D s old is rear.... 111% m Carolina 4b 104
U S old 4a c0up. ..112 IX Pacifla lsts 113
THE SAIS FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1899.
; L S Es reg 110% N Pacific 3s f>s%
I L a '.8 coup 111% js? Pacific 4s 122%
! JJi^t Of Col 3.655.. 117 N V C & St L 45.. 104%
j Alabama class a.. 110 N & W con 45.... 52
! Alabama class 71. .110 ,N' & W gen 65. ...135
: Alabama class C..103 Or Nay lsts 115
Ala Currency 100 Or Nay 4s l 3
! Atchlson gen 45.... M Or Short Line 120%
1 Atchison adj 45... 87 Or s L con 5s 115
: Canada So 2d5....108 fielding Gen 45... £7%
! Chea & Ohio 4%5.. 95% V, G W lsts 97%
I Ches & Ohio 55. ..118% C L & I M con Bs.llO
; C & XW cons 75. .145 X L & S F G 65.. 124%
;(" & NwSFdeb 55. 105 -St Paul consols.. .lSß
'. Chicago Term 45.. OS" |: P C * P 15t5.. .121%
I D & It G Ist? 103 ;; P C & Pss 120%
I I>. & R C, 4.- ■.■:-i 4 So Railway 65. ...108%
j E TennVa&G 15t5.103% "stand R & T 65..-. 79
, Erie Gen 4? 70%j'renn new set 35.. S3
:F W & D C lsts.. 78 Texas & Pac lsts. 114
General Elec 5s 112 Texas & Pac 2ds.. 56
Q H & S A t0.. ..108 .I'nlon Pac 4s 103%
H &T C f.s 108 Wabash lsts 115%
G II & . S A 2d5....110 • Wabash 2ds 100
H &T C con 65..10S West Shore 45. ...112%
lowa Central lsts.lls Wls Cent lsts 75
! ICans CP & G lsts 71 Va Centuries So%
iLa new cons 4s 106 |Va Deferred 5
' L & N unl 4s 99% Colo Southern 45.. 84%
j MINING STOCKS.
i Chollar Ontario 7 75
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 7S
I Con Cal & Va 1 55 j Plymouth 08
! Deadwood 70 Quicksilver 150
; Gould & Curry .... 30 do prefd 650
i Hale & Norcross.. 15 Sierra Nevada 55
I Homestake 65 M Standard 3 00
Iron Silver 52 Union Con 32
Mexican 25 Yellow Jacket — 23
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 94
j Call loans 6 | do prefd 115
j Time loans 5@6 yVestinch Eleo 46
Stocks— j do prefd 6S
1 Atchison 20% 1 Bonds—
do prefd C3%:Atchlson 4s 98
lAm Sugar 145% Mining shares —
' do prefd 117 Adventure 6%
Bell Tel 367 Allouez Mining Co 4
Boston & Albany.. 24" Atlantic '.■*>,
Eioston Elevated... lo6 1 Boston & — 335
Boston & Maine.. l 99 Putt- & Boston .. - ".
C B & Q 131 Calumet & Heoi.-i .753
Fitchburg prefd. ..ll9 'Centennial 23%
Gen i:iec 119 Franklin IC'-i
do prefd 139 Jlumboldt Ol'.i
Fed Steel 54 O.sceola s r
; do prefd 77% I Parrot «
j Mich Cent 13%liuincy L"0
Old Colony 203 , ranta Fe Copper.. 10%
Old Dominion ....2<? ! Tamarack 210%
I Rubber 45%:Wlnona 70%
! Union Pacific ....43% Utah 35
! Union Land 42 !
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— Money on call, steady,
1 at 4u-i7h per cent: last loan, 4%; prime mercan
tile paper, 5%@6 per cent. Sterling exchange,
! strong, with actual business in bankers' bills
lat $4 87{T~4 X 7: 4 for demand and at $4 53«?4 S3 1 -;
1 for 60 days: posted rates, $4 S4's 4 87%; commer
• cial bills! J-l S2Vi@4 82%; silver certificates, 57%
{ci.'lie: bar silver, 57% c; Mexican dollars. 47c.
! Government bonds, firm; State bonds Inactive;
I railroad bonds strong.
Cash in the Treasury.
'■ WASHINGTON, Oct. 18.— To-day's statement
'■ of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
! able cash balance. $268,779,661; gold reserve,
»254,561,055.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— The Commercial Ad
j vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were steady but Idle to-day,
i still awaiting decisive news from South Africa.
African mines, however, were active and cheer
ful. Consols were steady.
In the American department there was stag
nation, though prices were firm. The Inac
tivity there was due mainly to Interruption of
the cables from New York. New York Central
I find Atchison preferred were notably hard,
i Spanish fours were 60%; Tintos, 48%; Anacon
das. 9%; Utahs, 7 ••« ; Boston. IV*. The bank
i bjught £11,000 in German coin. Money was
still slack and bills were stationary and neg
lected.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. IS.— Canadian Pacific. 94V4;
! Union Pacific preferred, 77%; Northern Pacific
r referred. "6%; Atchison, :i ! > Grand Trunk.
7%; Anaconda. I**l. Bar sliver. 20 l-16d per
: ounce; money, 2 | 5 2Vi. (
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. Oct. 18.— FLOUR— Receipts, j
20,442; experts, 32.547. About unchanged.
WHEAT Receipts. 234.950; exports. 225.119. j
Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 76c f. 0. b, afloat; spot ]
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 79% cf. o. b. afloat to
arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, 80'ic to arrive; No.
2 red 73 s ic elevator. Options opened about i
steady, %c advance on receipts falling below j
estimates and on unexpected foreign selling.
There was a further advance of %c on local
covering, following better later cables, closing |
firm, with prices MHC net advance. March, !
7&f579 1 -c. closed 79%0; May, 79 l-16c@79%C, closed
7 ■•■ •., December, 75 5 a i g76 l-16c, closed 7Cc.
HOPS—
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL— Dull.
METALS — The metal market was almost life
less, with the tendency of values, if In either
direction, downward under absence of support .
of any description. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG IRON Warrants, dull at $18 nominal.
COPPER— Lake, Dull, at $18 25.
TIN— Dull »31 50 bid and $32 asked.
LEAD- Dull: $4 57% bid and $4 62% asked.
SPELTER— DuII; $5 40 bid and $5 50 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for ;
, per $18.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, E(s'2o net ]
higher. Sales, 31.000 bags. Including: October. |
$4 80; November, £4 75-54 SO; December, ?4 Ho; ]
January, $5; February. $5 10; March, $5 20; i
April, $5 25; May, $5 30; July. $5 40@5 45; Au
gust '$5 45; September, $5 4505 50. Spot— j
firmer; No. 7 Invoice, 574 c bid; No. 7 Jobbing, 1
CV bid. Mild— Firmer: Cordova, 6%@11%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; held higher. Fair re
fining, 3 13- 16 c bid; centrifugal, 96 test. 4 5-lGc ,
bid: molasses sugar, 3 9-16 c bid. Kenned —
Steady.
BUTTER- Receipts, 2093 packages. Quiet;
Western creamery, 17'i(24c: factory, 14%®17c.
EGGS Receipts. CSB7 packages; dull; Western
ungraded at mark, 15@19c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. IS.— California dried fruits,
firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, Wale;
prime wire tray, 7%@7%c; choice, 7%<§B>;c;
fancy, B%®9c.
PRUNES— 3%IiB%c. •
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12%@15c; Moorpark, 13??
18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20'3'22c; unpeeled, 7%®10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 18. — Wheat was stead}-, fol
lowing higher Liverpool cables, light receipts
and the oversold condition of the local market,
coupled with the theory that after such a sea
son of continuous declines a natural reaction
might reasonably be expected, encouraged suf
ficient buying tor the moment to add a little to
the opening advance. The demand was limited,
however, and this finally became so sluggish
that the market began to sag for lack of sup
j...,rt. Then the bears took hold and succeeded
In wiping cut the advance and forcing a %c de
cline. At this point a report from the sea
board that houses with connections In India
were buying heavily of low grade wheat stimu
lated a buying movement. Selling pressure
grew less pronounced as the session progressed,
and the market toward the close was strong,
final figures being the best of the day. Small
estimates for to-morrow and heavy clearam i»s
helped the advance. December opened %.@^4c
higher at 703if§70%c. advanced to Tic, declined
to 70 »c and rose to 71% cat the close.
Corn ruled dull and lower the greater part of
the session. There was a great deal of liquida
tion, encouraged by a slack shopping demand,
but toward the end the firmness In wheat Im
parted a little animation to buying and the
loss was fully recovered. December closed with
buyers at 3(i%c.
A good cash demand, buying by elevator In
terests and the advance in wheat strengthened
oats. Trade was acvtive. December closed at
22% C.
Provisions held steady on a limited trade. The
absence of liquidation which has depressed the
market of late, was the main factor in the
strength shown. January pork closed 2%^j&c
higher at $9 40@3 42%.; January lard and ribs a
shade higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. HigV Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
October 69 C 9% G9'i 69%
December 70% 71V» 70% 711*
May 74% 74% 74»4 74%
Corn No. 2—
October 30% 30% 30% 30%
December c 't 30 Vt 30% 30%
May 31}; 31% 31% 3114
Oats No. 2—
December 22% 22% 22% 22%
May 24 24 23% 24
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 7 95 8 00 7 95 7 87%
January 9 37% 9 42". 9 37% 9 42H
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 5 22% 6 22% 6 22%. 5 22%
January 5 35 6 40 5 35 6 37i»
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
December 4 75 4 73 4 75 4 7G
January 4 90 4 95 4 JO 4 92%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 2 Spring Wheat, 68<i<g70c; No. 3
I Spring Wheat. 64®68c; No. 2 Red. 71c: No 2
Corn. 31%@31%c; No. 2 Oats. 22% c; No. 2 White.
»%c: No. 3 White. 24%<-f24%c; "No. 2 Kye^«fc|
No 2 Barley, 83%®46c-No. 1 Flax Seed. $131;
Northwestern. $1 31 ; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 35;
Mess Pork, per bbl, $7 90@7 95: Lard, per ICO
lbs $525<P3 27%: Short-rib Sides (loose), $4 SOW
520; Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed). 6ra6%c;
Short Clear Sides (boxed). $5 50®5 60: Whisky,
distillers', finished goods, per gal. $1 23.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels . 23,000 11.000
Wheat, bushels.. 190,000 3.000
Corn, bushels 643,000 492,
Oats, bushels.... " 54 000 342,000
Rye, bushels. ".. 18,000 4,000
Barley, bushels... 134,00(1 54.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Buttfr
market was easy. Creamery, 15@23c; dairy, 13%
®18c. Eggs, steady: Cvesn, 16% c. Cheese,
strong; creams, ll%@l2Uc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May.
Opening 5 u% 6 % 6 1%
Closing 6 ; 4 6 1"4 6 1%
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening ..18 90 19 90
Closing .' ' 18 75 19 90
Flour —
Opening 24 90 25 75
Closing 2170 25 05
* A
Boston Wool Market.
BOSTON, Oct. IS.— The American Wool and
j Cotton Reporter will say to-^iorrow:
Renewed activity and strength have devel
i oped in the wool market since a week ago,
and It is safe to say that the situation as a
whole to-day presents the strongest appearance
seen In years. The business of the we»>k foots
up a total of over 8,000,000 pounds, which is
certainly a most remarkable record, in view
of the fact that the large worsted mills in the
combine have not been among the purchasers.
There Is no mistaking the strength of the sit
j uation and the tendency of prices. If there
I was anything wanting to demontsrate beyond
any doubt the underlying strength of the posi
; tion of wool In the world's markets, It has
i been the remarkable activity and advance in
| Australia. The Sydney market Is excited and
firm, and Continental buyers have been taking
: wool at almost any price. At the Melbourne
sales there was a large attendance and very
active competition at advanced prices. There
Is a world-wide demand for fine wools and fur
; ther exportations of fine Territories are likely
! to occur.
The sales of the week In Boston amounted
; to 6.718,000 pounds domestic and I,3o2,ooo foreign,
making a total of 8,020,000, against a total of
4,446,000 for the previi us week, and .i total of
i 3.299,000 for the corresponding week last year.
Sales since January 1. 1599, amount to 238,974,100
pounds, against 91,941,010 pounds last year at
j this time.
California Fruit Sales.
NEW York. Oct. 18.— Porter Bros. Oom-
I pany's sales of California fruit: Pears Q ut
Morceau, $1 50@3 20 box and $1 40@l 75 half box;
; Winter Nells, $2 SO box and $1 75 half box.
i Plums— Coe's Late R- ■ half: crate;
: Greengage. 85c.
Ear! Fruit Company's sales: Grapes— To-
I kays, i\ 10®] 75 single crates, %. 05@2 55 double;
Cornichon, $1 4o@l 55. Pears Winter Nells, 65
@75c half i>-.x. Prunes Italians, $1 ■ " n 1 20 sin
gle crates: Silver, SOcQJI 45. Eight cars of
fruit sold to-day.
CHICAGO, Oct. 18.— Earl Fruit Company's
, s?lr-s ..f California fruit: Grapes Muscat, SOc
|j sinslo crates; Tokay, $1 15@1 75. Pears
j Winter Nells, J! 60@2 SO; Eastern Huerre, Jl 10
; f;l ?.'■. Plums— Coe's Late Red. 74c. Prunes-
Hungarian, 50c@$l 25: Italian, 11 ■ c
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Grapes—To
-1 kays. 70c@$l 55 half 'rate; Muscats. $1 05@l 30;
Cornichons, $1 35@1 60; ESnperor f.-i^. Moroc
co. Jl ioi(2 30; assorted, Soc@sl 60; Ferrars,
!Jl 05. Five oars fold t i-day.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. CATTLE— was a
good demand for cattle to-day with prices
stronger for good grades and steady for others.
Good to fancy cattle Bold at $5 80@7; common to
medium steers, $4 25@5 75: stockers and feeders,
$2 50'ft4 SO; cows and bulls, $2<j4 65; Texas cows,
$3 50ff4 15: calves. $4 25 : : 40.
HOGS— The supply of hogs exceeded the de
mand and prices suffered a further decline of 5
(ti \<\c. Fair to prime lots, $4 22 '■.'"' 4 45; heavy
packers $3 80@4 20: mixed. $4 10-5"4 37%; butch
ers. $4 15@4 45; light weights, $4 4 32%; pigs.
$3 7.'.'5 4 25.
SHEEP— was an excellent demand for
the limited supply of sheep and lambs at strong
prices. Inferior to choice yearlings, $2*54 35;
Western rangers, $2 S5 l ft4, mostly $3 25 and over;
inferior to -Time lambs. $3 75®6 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 13,500; hogs, 29,000; sheep,
15,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or., Oct. IS.— Clearings, $417,
--521; balances, $62,508. *
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Oct. IS. WHEAT—
tive. Walla Walla, E7%'gsSc: valley, 58-g-59c;
blue stem. 60c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., Oct. IS.—WHEAT—Un
changed. Club, s?c; blue stem, 60c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. Oct. 18.— Consols. 103%; silver.
26 11-16: French rentes. lOOf 27% c; wheat car
goes off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, very little doing; English country mar
kets, part fid cheaper.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. IS.— Wheat, steady; wheat
In Paris, firm"; Flour In Paris, firm; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 15-16 d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days — $4 83>,i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87%
Sterling Cables — , 4 88
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Fine Sliver, per ounce — 57%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Futures advanced In sympathy with
an improvement a.*. Chicago. The spot market
was dull and unchanged.
Chicago was firmer under better foreign ad
vices. The demand was moderate and the
scalpers were oversold. New York wired a
Continental demand, with unconfirmed rumors
of ,000 bushels being negotiated for India.
Consols were ; -16.1 lower. The crowd was short
and against the advance, but the tone was
strong, nevertheless.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%@l OS%; milling,
$1 10@l 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— December—
4000 ctls, $1 11%. May. 4000. $1 17%.
Second session— December— 2ooo ctla, $112;
WOO. $1 12%.
Regular morning session— May— l6.ooo ctls.
Si 17%; 32.000. $1 17%. December— 2ooo, $1 '- ...
16.000, $1 12',;: 6000. $112%.
Afternoon session— No sales.
BARLEY— Business was dull, but the feeling
was steady. Prices stood the same.
Feed, 86c; Brewing, 90®97%c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls December—
2000 ctls. S7V c.
Second session— No sales.
■ Regular morning session— sales.
Afternoon session— sales.
OATS— market continues In good shape
and top quotations are easily obtained, though
the, demand is nothing extra. The inquiry is
I chiefly for choice goods, which are scarce.
: "White. $1 05@l 26; Red, $1 05@l 17%; Gray,
; $1 05-51 15; Black. 95c<S$l 05.
CORN— Receipts from the East have been
much larger of late, but prices show no weak
ness. Eastern Large Yellow, $1 OS'S! 10; White,
$1 05<Sl 10: mixed. $1 02%<0U.07% per ctl.
RYE— The market is closely held and firm at
l 95cS$l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 Co@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 405?3 60; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40113 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 25(g 3 40 for bakers, and $2 25(g"3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTI'FFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 f.O; nice Flour. $7; Commeal. $2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 2.";
Oat Groats. $4 80: Hominy. $3 25@3 SO; Buck
wheat Flour, J4'74 2."; Cracked Wheat, $3 75:
Farina. *4 60; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 fC^fi 45: In sacks. $5 SSJJ:6 25;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas. $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The small dealers are running around after
Eilt-edpred Hay, which Is scarce and firm. A
good deal of wet stock is com. eg in. The trade
!is seriously hampered for want of cars Afur
• ther advance In bale rope is announced. .Feed
stuffs stand the same.
BRAN— II 7 50©lS per ton. - $ 18@18 50 K Per
Mil >PLJN< IS -Si'.'CaSfi oO per ton.
PEEDSTUFTS-Rolled Barley, »18@18 60 per
ton Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $26@27: jobbing,
"hoY'S; Cocoanut Cake, $2057:1; Cornmea!.
$23 Bo©2* 50: Cracked Com. 524@25: Mixed Feed.
$16 B0@17: Cottonseed Meal, ?2S per ton.
HAY-Wheat, $7@B 60 for common to Rood
and' $9 25<ff9 60 for choice: Wheat and Oat $6 50
459- Oat $6 50®8 50; Barley, $5@7; Island Bar
ley', $5@6; Alfalfa, $s®B DO per ton; Com
pressed ?6 50® 9.
STRAW— 2sifi3cc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There was no further advance in Beans, but
the feeling was firm.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 155?2 25: small white. $2 60
©■" 70; larpe white, $2 10@2 23; Pinks. J2@2 10;
Reds, S3 50@3 75: Blackeye, $3 7D@4; Butters.
nominal; Lima. $4 75: Pea, $2 40@2 70; Red Kid
neys, $2 2. r i(<?2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS- Brown Mustard, 3@3%c; Yellow
Mustard 3»;ig4c: Flax, nominal; Canary.
B%c per for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2%®3c; Hemp. 4@4>,ic;
Timothy, 4-T;4 : .jp.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 35@1 CO; Green, $1 to
@1 85 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions stand about the same.
Tomatoes are In larger supply apaln and
lower. otherwise there Is little change in
Vegetables.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60@70c; Early Rose,
10@i Burbanks, 60i/75c per ctl; PaJinas Bur
banks, 90c<g:$l 15; Oregon Burbanks. .
i Sweet Potatoes. 75c@$l for Riverß and $1 25 tor
v reed.
ONIONS— BO'S 6Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES Green Peas, 3tff4c per 1b;
Strinp Beans, 2^4c ; Lima Beans, 3@sc:
Cabbajje 40@50c; Tomatoes. 10@35c: P3gs Plant,
40@75c- Dried Okra. 12>-c per lb; Garlic. 2'?73c:
Green Peppers. 40<SMc per box: Carrots. 30*J
. j(\ r ], Pr sack; Cucumbers, 50c; Summer Squash,
Marrowfat Squash, $15 per ton; Green
Corn, 50cS$l per Back.
Poultry and Game.
1 The Game market is quiet at the easier quo
{ tations, but all arrivals are readily sold.
Poultry shows no particular change, though
young Roosters and Fryers are dull, owing to
the liberal receipts from the F.ast.
POULTRY Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gob
blers and 14Q16c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 14®
16c: Geese, per pair, $1 75@2 25; Goslings, $1 75
r <i2 25; Ducks, $4'</4 60 for old and $4 50@6 for
young: Hens, $4®5 50; Young Roosters, $4'S.i;
Old Roosters, $4®5; Fryers. $3 , r ,n-r,4; Broil
ers. $3 25@3 50 for large, f 3#3 25 ior small:
Pigeons, Jl -ri'fil 50 per dozen for old and $1 oOt?
2 for Squal
GAME— Quail, $1 7r.f?2; Mallard, $6@7 50; Can
vasback S7WI2; Pririg. $"'«3 50; Teal. $3@4;
Widgeon, $2(g3; Small Puck. »! 75@2 50; Doves,
75c per dozen; Hare, $1 50; Rabbits, »1
Cottontails and $12". for small; Gray Geese,
$3@3 50; White. $1 25@1 75; Brant. $1 50®2 25;
Knglish Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe,
$1 25@1 50.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs.
Butter and Eggs have now got so high that
the demand is greatly reduced, as the general
public cannot afford to pay such prices for
articles of daily food. Dealers are of the opin
ion that lower quotations must follow, though
there is no weakness visible yet. Pickled But
ter and Eastern and cold storage Eggs have
the call at present, owing to the high prices
for fresh goods.
<::•>.-.■ is firm at the advance already noted.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 30@31c; seconds.
Dairy— 26'<(27c; good to choice, 24@25c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll, 22<§24c; firkin, 21@22%c; cream
ery tub. 22 4fi21c.
Eastern, l7'-e for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, llfillHc: old.
lOH'C: Young America. il'4c; h, stern, 14@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 2r.T;32 for store and 3S@
42c per dozen tor ranch; Eastern. 2S<3>3oc for se
lected, 25@27%c for No. 1 and 20(g23Vic for sec
onds; Oregon, 22%!g24c p<!r dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Table Grapes are coming In freely again and
(Quotations are weakening in consequence. Ar
rivals of Wine Grapes are light, but the mar
ket is quiet.
Other fruits show no change worthy of note.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35@50c per box for common and 60c@
$1 25 for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, $3 50@6 per chest;
Strawberries, $9@lo per chest for small and $2®
1 4 for large berries; Raspberries, $4'U 6 per chest;
I Huckleberries, 4<i7.- per lb; Wisconsin Cranber
! ries, $SJO!f7 7 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cranberries.
I $7 50@8; Coos Bay Cranberries, $6 50 per barrel
end $2(g2 2.". per box.
Grapes, 25@40c for Black, 33(??40c for Muscat,
301i40c for Tokay, 40@50c for Cornichon; crates
sell 10@15c higher; Wine Grape?, $244226 per ton
for Zlnfandel. $23@24 for other black and $156-2
for White.
Cantaloupes, 40c@$l 25 per crate; Nutmegs, 25
@;.0o per box.
Pomegranates, 6G@7sc per box.
Winter Pears, 35c@$l 26 per box.
Figs, 75c!a?l per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches, .'■''''/ 7",<- per box.
Plums, sO'a7sc per box and crate.
Quinces. R.i a T'.c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I®2 for common
and $3@3 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
|6@7; California Limes. $I@l 25; Bananas. $150
62 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $I@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The market continues in a good healthy con
dition at unchanged prices.
DRIED FRUITS— In sacks, 4^ic for
40-50' 6, 4-<c for 50-CO's, 3»ic for 60-70's, 3Vic for
i 70-80' 2»ic for SO-9O"s and 2HQ'2?ic for 90-100's;
I Apricots, ll#l3c for Royals, 12Vt@16c for
! Moorparks and 12<g'14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
IVi'Sdc for Standards, 6^4@7c for choice and V~i
@Sc for fancy; peeled Peaches, ll@13c: Evapo
j rated Apples, efiT'.ic; Sun-dried, 4Vs@sc per lb;
| Nectarines, 7M;i@Sc per lb for red and S@9c for
i white; Pears C^@Sc for quarters and S@loc tor
; halves; Black Figs, 3@4c; White Figs, 6@6V4c;
Plums, 6@6Hc for pitted and lV;<Q2'/ic for un .
pitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— per
lb, We; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
! bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas —
Fancy, per lh. S%c; choice, 7%c; standard, 6V4c;
prime. Be; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
I &0-lb boxes, oc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, sVjc;
! 3-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown, 7c; London Layers, 2-
I crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown. $1 60. Fancy
i Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
. prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
in California.
NUTS — Walnuts, 7#@B%C for standards and
1 7%@9c for softshell; Almonds, vi.'d 124 c for
! paper-shell, 9@loc for soft and 4@sc for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5%@6%c for Eastern and Sc for
California; Brazil Nuts, SH#9c; Filberts, 11®
U'-.c; Pecans, 7 : ,£<?TSc; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, llHc for bright and lOVJc for
light amber; water white extracted, 7'.i@7i£c;
I'ght amber extracted, 6'i@7c; dark, 5V»c per
i lb  ..I
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per Ib for heavy, |
S'^lOc for light medium, llVio for light, 130 for |
extra light and 12»ic for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13% c;
Moss Beef, $11 per bbl: extra Mess. $12 5&; Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 50; extra clear,
$10 50; mess. $15® 15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6@614c per lb for
compound and 7V4C for pure; half barrels, pure
Si 10-11 tins. v ,-:-: 5-lb tins, 9c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 7%@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands Fell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, Ilfill'-e; medium. 10'^r; light, 10c; Cow
hides. 9%@10c: Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, sound. 17c; culls and brands,
13f; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c: Dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20@30c each; short
Wool, 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool,
Sflcfifsl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $262 25 for
large and $1 2'i'cjl 50 for small; Colts, 25<@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%<g3c per lb; No
2, 4(g'4Vic; refined, ■ ; grease. 2@2»4c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon l 17@lSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12til4c for choice and 9@llUc
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, S@loc: do
plains, ?@Bc; San Joaquin and Southern Moan
tain, 7%©9 c; Northern free, 10@12c; do, defect
ive. :--/rilOc per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 8'3?12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@7V4c per lb for Steers and B«^@73 '<
for Cows.
VEAL— per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%(^Sc; Ewes. 7@7%c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, B©B%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 5V4@5%c for small. 5%c for
medium and sU@£>Hc for large; stock Hogs and
Feeders, s\4®sV^c; dressed Hogs, 7'3SVic.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7Uc; Wool
Bags. 26@28c; Fruit Bags. 5Uc, 5V4c and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7>4c for
bleached jute.
COAL— Wellington, $S per ton; New Wel
lington, $8; Southflefd Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle, $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay. $5; Wallsend.
$7 50; Scotch, $8; Cumberland. $9 50 in bulk and
$10 75 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg
$12; Cannel, $8 per ton; Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke. $12 per ton in bulk
and $14 in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms nel cash, in 100- lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c: Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated, sc; Do' Granu
lated 4 T £c; Confectioners' A, 4Tsc; California
A,— ; Magnolia A, 4>a>c; Extra C. 4*£, c: Golden
C, 4V4c; barrels, l-16e more; half barrels, Vie
more; boxes, more; 50-lb bags. %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes,
h'ir per lb.
The market continues in a good healthy con
dition at unchanged prices.
LINSEED OIL— Is higher at 55c per gallon
for raw and 57c for boiled in barrels. Cases,
5p more.
LUCOL— Is higher at 50c per gallon for raw
and :■-■■ : \r boiled in barrels. Cases, 5c n
BALE ROPE— Has again advanced to 14@14V&C
per lb for Manila.
QUICKSILVER— Advanced to $42 50 for export
and $47© 4S for local use.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER IS.
Flour qr sks.... 12.0501 Chicory, bbls 2
Wheat ctls 1,840 Sugar, bhls 925
Barley ctls l-',lsf, Lime, bbls 401
Oats 'ctls 1 c1 -' 1 Raisins, bxs 5,225
Butter, ctis 130 Wool, bags
Cheese ctls 152 Hops, bales 130
Tallow, ctls 12 Hay. tons i ■
Corn Kris;, ctls. 4,200 Straw, tonj IS
Beans, sks 7,527 Eggs, doz 4.3C1.
Mi. ldlings, sks... 300 Wine, gals... 15..C0
Potatoes, sks 2,061 Leather, roll?. .. 11l
Onions, sks f3O Hides. No BSO
Bran, sks 1.130 Pelts, bdl3 1.b.l
Sugar, sks 70 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.... 1,562, 0at5, ctls Bin
THE STOCK MARKET.
■ « •
' The California Oil Exchange opened its doors
! for business yesterday with a large attendance,
which filled the room. Sales on the morning
call amounted to 1300 shares, the highest, quo
tation being $15 for 50 shares of St. Lawrence.
There were sales of Tidal Wave at $2 40, Eagle
and Stella at 50c. San Joaquin and Equitable
at SI. Kings County at $2 and Northfield at <oc.
Business on the Bond Exchange was fair,
with a decline in Gas & Electric to $6U/ g . Bank
cf California sold at $390.
| The feature cf the afternoon session was the
advance In Giant Powder from $S2 to $84%,
. the stock weakening off a fraction at the close.
A dividend of $15,000 will be paid by the New
i York and Honduras mine on the 20th.
The Honiestake will pay the usual regular
and extra dividends on the 2.".th.
The Alaska-Mexican mine has declared a
quarterly dividend of 10c per share, or $18,000,
payable on October 2S. This is the twentieth
dividend.
I A quarterly dividend of 37 ! 2C per share, or
$75,000, will be paid by the Alaska-Treadwell
mine on the 23th. This is dividend No. 42.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. Oct. 18—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. 1 BiiAok.
U S Bonds— I Mutual El Co.. H» 4 15
<s quar coup.. — — .0 GL & H.... i- _• 49%
•s (juar reg.... — — Pac Gas Imp.. d (-3
Is quar new... — 131% I Pac Light Co. 4Hi —
3s quar coup.. — lOSfi PF G & E Cl {!>£
Miscellaneous — Kan Fran — ?%
I Cal-st Cab 55. .117 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 107 108 Insurance-
Ed L & P 68.130 — Firem's Fund.223 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. 115 — Bank Stocks—
i Geary-st R ss. — !>5 :Anglo-Cal C 5 —
II C & S s'/25.106 — Bank of Ca1...3'.)C 397'.^
I. A Ry 55....10j%— Cal SD & 1.. — 97
L A LCo 65.. \>J — First National — 245
Do gntd »is.. 99 — Lon P & A....12S 133
Do gntd 55.. — — Mer Exchange — If
1.. A & P R 55.103 Vi — Nev Nat Bk...l*tM:l!iQ
Market-st tii..- — '-29 Savings Banks-
Do Ist M ss..ll.')?iU«Vj Ger S & L... — 1725
NC N G H 78.112 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
N Rof Cal 6s. 114 — !Mut Say Bk. — I'M
NR of Cal 55.11i%113^i 8 F Say U... 500 —
NPC Ri: 58.108% - Bay & L So.. — 52%
N Cal Rlt oi.Ul — : Bee Say Bk.. — 810
O G L & H ss. — 110 Union T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
Oak Tran 65..111%112 Street Railroads—
On C Ry 65.. — 128 California 121 —
P&CI Ry 6».. 107 — Geary 50 —
Pk &O Ry 6s. 115 — Market-st 62 62V4
Powell-st X 6s — 122 Oak S L & H. — 50
Sac El G&R08. — — Presidio — 30
B F & N P 55.111% — Powder—
S F & S .TV., — 115?; California 155 170
SRy of Cal 65.105»4W9% E Dynamite... 85 "to
S P of A 65.... — 113,-. Giant Con Co.. 84V4 S&\4
s P c 66(1905). — — " Vtgorit 2*4 3
SP C 6s(1908).lli — Sugar—
SP C 65<1912). — MS Hana PCo 12^ 13
SPCIs eg ss.r"'2 ! ,i - Haw C&8 Co .-5 "''4
S P Br 6s 122 123 ! Honokaa S Co. 31*; ?5
S V Wat 65... - HIT Hutch S P Co. 23U 29%
S V Wat 45...103>>i1>4'-i Kilauea S Co.. — 29
S V W4s(3dm)lM : 4 — MakaweM SCo i'< *'.■'•
Stktn Gas Cs .100 105 jOnomea S Co.. 35% 39
Water Stocks— l Paauhau S Co. - c6'4
Contra Costa.. — 631 i Miscellaneous —
Marln County. 50 — Al Pac Assn...ll"*iir)
Spring Valley. 10114101% Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Gas and Electric— : Oceanic S Co.. 86 £7
Cent Gas Co.. — — j Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent L & P... IVa — Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Eqult G L Co.. 5 X>\. I Par Paint Co. HV, —
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Equitable Gas 800
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
55 Hana Plantation Co 12 62»4
50 Hutchinson S P Co 29 37 1 ,*,
50 Makaweli 49 00
80 Market-street Railway 62 50
100 Paauhau S P Co 36 00
GO .- F Gas & Electric 61 25
10 S F Gas & Electric 61 37*4
5 S F Gas & Electric 61 12% j
250 Vigorit Powder, cash — 2 75
Street—
21 Bank of California 890 00
$1000 Market-street Railway con 5s 116 12%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1060 Equitable Gas 500 \
50 Giant Powder Con S«2 00 !
50 Giant Powder Con 82 12>£
25 Giant Powder Con 82 50
100 Giant Powder Con 83 00
5 Giant Powder Con 83 26
15 Giant Powder Con S3 75 ;
5 Giant Powder Con M 00
90 Giant Powder Con MSO !
95 Giant Powder Con 84 75
10 Giant Powder Con ■• 62^
200 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
70 Hutchinson S P Co 29 37>4 i
100 Makaweli 48 87Vs
25 Makawell 49 00
40 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
105 Onomea Sugar Co 38 50
SO S F Gas & Electric 61 00
Street— - c
675 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
$4000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s 113 00
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
20 Giant Powder SI 25
10 Giant Powder 81 37-£
25 Oakland Gas 49 12>j>
SOS F Gas & Electric 61 62-.
20 Spring Valley Water 10125 "
$5000 Spring Valley Water 4s 2d rage 104 00
150 Vigorit Powder 275 ■
Afternoon Session. |
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 4 %-\t i !
30 Giant Powder SI 12V-.
20 Giant Powder SI 25'
40 S F Gas & Electric 61 •>;, i
25 S F Gas & Electric 61 00 :
20 S F Gas & Electric 60 •*:>■.
70 Makaweli Sugar Co 401
21 Makaweli Sugar Co 49 jms !
$20( s F & S.l V Valley bonds 115 50 j
20 Spring Valley Water 10150 I
25 Paauhau Sugar Co 36 00
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
50 St Lawrence O & M Co 15 00
50 San Jonquin O&.D Co ' Ino
300 Northfield Oil Co '//" 75
100 Equitable Oil Co 1 00
100 Big Panoche Oil Co " \so
100 Kings County Oil Co * 2 00
100 Eagle Oil Co '.'.'."" 50
200 Stella Oil Co .'.'.'.'.'.'. 50
Street—
400 Tidal Wave ■> ir
30 TidOal Wave '■'■'■'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 235 j
Afternoon Session.
Board —
200 Tidal Wave ... 90
--100 Tidal Wave '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. •> 40 I
400 San Joaquain O D Co '.' '" """ Tmi
100 Equitable Oil Co "" " 1 on
100 Big Panoche Oil Co len ',
100 Eagle Oil Co l ■]{ I
100 Stella Oil Co Si i
Street— J i
100 Eagle Oil Co 50 j
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
S?2 S elcher 22 i 500 Hale & N0r.... 39
200 Belcher 2i\ 100 Overman . 21
200 Bullion 04) 200 Overman ..'.'" 20
1750 Chollar 34 800 Potosi ' 50
400 Con Cal & Va..l 70 1 450 Potosl .'. 49
300 Crown Point... 17 500 Sierra Nevada. 64
200 Gould & Curry. 3b 100 Yellow Jacket »S
SCO Hale & N0r.... 40 ' "
Afternoon Session.
800 Belcher \. 20 i 150 Hale & Nor. is
300 Best & Belcher 32 300 Hale & Nor . " 3.
200 I 'hollar 3i 800 Mexican .. M
2CO Chollar 3li 300 Ophlr ....... 82
100 Con Cal & Va..l 60, ZOO Potosi ' 47
350 Con Cal & Va..l 65! 400 Potosi 4H
600 Crown Point... 16! 600 Utah 11
900 Gould & Curry. 36
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1200 Belcher 22 800 Ophlr 85
200 Belcher 23 1 600 Ophir SO
200 Belcher 21 400 Potosi 58
70 Belcher 20 300 Potosi 61
200 Best & Belcher 3.1 400 Potosi 52
500 Bullion 04; 700 FotOSi 4<j
200 Challenge Con. 201 200 Savage 23
200 Chollar 33. 200 Sierra Nevada, fil
1200 Chollar 34 1 200 Sierra Nevada 6">
200 Con Cal & Va..l 70 200 Sierra Nevada. 63
-.■■■■-. ■
AUCTION SALES^
SATURDAY, OCT. 21, 1899,
£a 5^ &
Will Sell at
J. D. HORANS STOCK AND SALES YARDS
CORNER TENTH AND BRYANT ST3.
At 11 o'clock a. m..
30 head of well-bred broken and unbroken
horses, ranging from 1000 to 1300 pounds.
S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
500 Crown Point... 17' 500 Yellow Jacket. 27
500 Gould & Curry. 35 1 900 Yellow Jacket. 28
200 Hale & Nor 40 !
Afternoon Session.
450 Andes 09 200 Hale & N0r.... 3S
600 Best & Belcher 32 700 Mexican 27
200 Caledonia 68 300 Ophir 83
300- Caledonia 66! 300 Potosl 49
200 Challenge Con. 27 300 Potosl 46
650 Con i ..! & Va..l 65 1 200 Potosi 4.",
200 Con Cal .v Val -;2 ; . 300 Sierra Nevada. 61
200 Crown Point... 15| 200 Sierra Nevada. 62
200 Gould & Curry. 35; 300 Union Con 36
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, October IS— 2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 04 OSfJustice M 08
Alta _ Go Kentuclc ' 03 05
Andes io Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 20 21 1 Mexican 27 2S
Best & Belcher 31 32 j Occidental 17 IS.
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr SI S2
Caledonia 68 70 ! Overman 20 21
('hollar 31 32 Potnsi ...". 43 45
Challenge Con. 27 30 Savage 22 23
Confidence — 82, Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & .160 165 Seg Belcher.... 03 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 61 62
Crown Point... 15 10 Silver Hill — 03
Exchequer — 02 Standard —3 10
Gould & Curry. 34 35 Union Con 34 37
Hale & N0r.... 38 39 Utah 11 12
Julia — 1 3 Yellow Jacket. 27 28
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographle Office, V. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October I*. 1899.
,The time bali on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly nnnn to-day—
1. c., at noon of the I2nth meridian, or at 3
o'clock p m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CAT-KINS.
Lieutenant commander. U. 8 N., In charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the =arr.e at both places.
THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19.
NOTE— In th«» above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In ihe order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the lnst or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are In addition to the soun*. nes on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — ) precedes the height,
and then th» number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
rc'prprcp I*= thf ropan of th» 'nxrpr low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRTVK.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday. October 18.
Ptmr Noyo, Hansen, I>> hours from Fort
Stmr Cleone, Walvig. 1? hours from Caspar
bound to San Pedro; put in to land second en
gineer, who is si'-k.
Stmr Del Norte, Allen. 3 days from Columbia
River.
Stmr Lacuna, Ericsson. 30 hourr. from Fields
Landing.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. 77 hours from
Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hernater, Anflndaen, 24 hours
from Fort Bragg.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, October IS.
Ptmr Orizaba. Nlcolson, Sai toodall,
Perkins X- Co.
Stmr Australia. Houdlette, Honolulu- J D
Spreckels & Bros Co
Stmr San Jose, McLean, Panama, etc- P M
SS m '
Brig J p Spreckels. Christiansen, Honolulu;
3 1 1 Spreckels & Bros I
Schr Glendale. Johnson, Honolulu via Fort
Bragg; Higgins & Collins.
SAILED.
Wednesday. October IS.
Stmr Empire. N"l.=..n. Cooa Bay
Stmr Queen. Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr \\ hitestx ro, Olson
Stmr Australia, Houdlette. Honolulu.
Stmr San Jose. McLean. Panama etc
Stmr Cleone, Walvig, San Pedro '
Stmr Crpscent City, Stockneth. Crescent City.
I S stmr Newark, McCalla, Manila
fug Ranger, Ni I; n Eureka
Hark Pru«Bla, .Jensen, Port Blaki
Schr Archie and Fontle, Jensen,' Bower.3
L.:mdin™.
Si hr Glendale, Johnson. Honolulu, via Fort
1 iragE.
Schr Mary C, Madsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Reliance, Skipper. Russian Landine.
Schr Western Home. Petersen Cooa Bas
Schr Repeat, Olsen, WHlapa Harbor.
Beulah, Mitchell, Cray- R,
Schr Nettie Low. Low. Point Reyes
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOBOS. Oct 18, 10 p m- Weather
nazy; wind south, velocity 14 r.ii'les
DOMESTII
TA.COMA— Arrived Oct 17— Br shir Queen
Oct m ' <l ' ' hence
■ Stmr A!-Ki. for Skaguay.
NEWPORT (S)-Sailed Oct 18-Schr Norma,
for Fort Bragg.
Continued on Page Thirteen.VVbAtY cities//
NOTHING LEFT
OF THE LARGE
DINGEE PLACE
Fernwood Is Wiped
Out by Fire.
Francisco Call,
. I "i. 18.
Wh, :: Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Diagee arrive
the East on Baturday they will find
princely home, Fernwood, a mass of
ashes, out of which are now standing
ihlmney stacks. Probably a couple
of hundred thousand dollars has been ex
. .gee on this palatial
home and Us contents, for he has been
for mi a collector of rare pictures
and oi nament*.
A Bhort time ago two valuable paintings
were rejnovt-4. to the vault in Mr.
gee's office, and tLese are all that remain
of the collection of years.
This morning: about 1 o'clock some of
Mr. Dingee' employes, who sleep on tha
premises, returned home from a dance
and retired, noticing nothing unusual.
Shortly afterward Robert Armstrong,
who represents Mr. Dlngeo during his ab
sence, discovered that the house was In
liames, but no one is able to tell how long
it had been burning before the discovery
was made. Armstrong says he does
nut believe seven minutes elapsed
after he discovered the ilames before the
ruin of th place was complete. The build
ing was a three-story structure and con
tamed nineteen rooms. As an example
ot the luxury with which the place was
furnls it may be mentioned that a
new ceiling for the library ot polished
mahogany was recently put into tno place
which cost $2500 in New lurk exclusive or
tho labor necessary to have it put in
place, Every room was richly finished
and elaborately furnished. me of the
sleeping rooms had cost over $o(M), and all
through the house were expensive Orl
tntal furnishings and costly articles from
almost every country under the sun.
As soon as the lire was discovered the
half dozen men who are employed on the
place pressed into service all the garden
hose that could be found, but the blaze
was so tierce and had such a good start
that the effect of the water hardly ex
tended the time necessary to reduce the
mansion to ruins. The few little streams
that were played on the flames were
turned into steam before they reached
the lire.
Fernwood was originally the property
of Colonel Jack Hays, and it came into
the possession of Mr. Dingee about eleven
years ago. Since that time Mr. Dingee
has expended a princely fortune upon it,
and surrounding It are several magnifi
cent conservatories, miniature lakes and
beautiful fountains. The home was fitted
with a complete electric plant, which fur
nished hundreds of lights to the house,
grounds and outhouses. There was not
in California a more magnificent home
than Fernwood, although there are many
larger.
No one is able to give a reason for the
fire. Mr. Armstrong', before retiring,
about 10 o'clock last night, saw that all
the doors and windows were locked anil
thnt there was no light in the house ex
cept the single gas jet in his room. No
suspicious persons had been seen prowling
around the grounds, and the only theory
hitherto advanced is that some of the
electric light wires must have started a
blaze. There were no hydrants near the
house, and Armstrong' says that Mr. Din
gle had ordered some, but they had not
yet been put In place. When Armstrong
heard the crackling nf the fire he awoke
and thought some one was breaking into
the house. When he opened the door of
his room he was greeted by smoke and
flame, and nlthouch a hand fire extln
pulsher was but live feet away he could
not reach It without endangering: his life,
and even then it could have rendered no
service. The • '•■•phone was destroyed be
fore It could be used to send to Oakland
for help, and although the glare could be
seen In the sky. not until Coachman Den
nis rode Into town was ft known which of
the few large residences In the hills had
been destroyed.
The insurance on Mr. Dlngee's h<->UF<>
nmountei to $f!0.noo. and is placed with
the Royal Exchange, the Royal, the Im
perial and the Sun.
ADOLPH LIEBES SHOOTS
HIMSELF THREE TIMES
He Is Seriously Wounded, but Thare
Is Still a Chance for His
Recovery.
NEW Y^RK. Oct. If*.— Adolph Liebes,
I ..• bes, Is the
New i'ork San Fran
je of H. L»i( t nimseli three
r wit ■ He
111 alive.
THE McAULIFFE MURDER.
Preliminary Examination of Frank J.
Mitchell Commenced Before
Judge Mog-an.
mi nary < xamlnation of Frank
J. W ; with the murder of
i McAuliffi ' ' '■■■ B, was eom
terday.
B. Terry appeared for the
The evidence for the prosecution was
about the same as ... at the Coroner's
inquest. Joseph McAulifTe, the murdered
man's brother, testified to being In
Flynn's saloon, Twenty-fourth and Ala
bama streets, with Mitchell and his
brother and others, and Mitchell asked
him to pay a bill for groceries. They had
v dispute about the amount of the bill,
and Mitchell went to get his books, but
returned v.-ith a revolver. He pointed the
revolver at witness twice and then fired
i:t Frank. On cross-examination he de
nied that any one lick Mitchell.
Abe Goldenson. a tractor at 816 Flor
ida street, testified that he heard Mitch
ell Fay to J<><? McAuliffe that he could
"prove it." Mitchell went away, and as
he was returning he saw Fra/ik run to
ward him and try to snatch something
out of h!s hand. Mitchell made for Joe,
and witness went back Into the saloon.
As he was coming out again he heard a
■hot.
Policeman Tryon testified to having «eon
Mitchell go back to his store, and shortly
afterward he heard a shot. He took a
revolver from Mitchell and placed him
under arrest. Mitchell's face and collar
were covered with blood and his chin and
lip were cut and bleeding.
This closed the case for the prosecution,
and Cap'ain Oil!r-n was called for the de
fense. He testified as to the condition of
Mitchell's face when taken to the station.
The case was continued till next Wednes
day.
NEARLY ASPHYXIATED.
John Sullivan of Vallejo Narrowly
Escapes Death.
John Sullivan, a Grand Army veteran,
who came here Tuesday from Vallejo in
search of employment, narrowly escaped
asphyxiation yesterday in his room at the
New Washington Hotel on Fourth street.
He was discovered just in the nick of time
by the hotel clerk and hurried to the He
celvin? Hospital, where Dr». Dray and
Starr restored him to consciousness.
Sullivan had been drinking a little dur
ing the day and late in the afternoon he
went up to his room to take a nap. About
6 o'clock last evening the hotel clerk was
attracted to Sullivan's room by the odor
of escaping pas. On breaking open the
door he found Sullivan lying on the bed
partially dressed. One of the gas cocks
was turned on full.
Whether or not Sullivan attempted to
commit suicide is not known, but the
probabilities are that he turned on the gas
accidentally or blew It out instead of turn
ins? It off.
Sullivan appears to be about 70 years of
n&e and the physicians Bay the chances
for his recovery are very favorable.
SULLIVAN, THE
BURGLAR, HAS
COME TO TRIAL
Additional Counsel for
the Accused.
ALAMEDA, Oct. IS.— The preliminary
examination of Charles C. Sullivan on a
charge of attempted burglary, with a
prior conviction, was begun this morning
before Justice of the Peace Morris. To
accommodate the large number of people
desirous of witnessing the case the court
room of City Recorder St. Sure will be
used. The examination of witnesses pro
ceeded very slowly, but four being exam
ined during the day.
Samuel Sullivan, a brother of the pris
oner and his wife, Eva Sullivan, were
present and showed considerable Interest
in the proceedings. When the court ad
journed for the noon hour both of them
greeted the prisoner, and Mrs. Sullivan
kissed him. Mrs. John Martin was pres
ent, as is her usual custom at preliminary
examination of a 'sensational character
in Alameda. She was accompanied by a
lady companion. A young lady residing
on Pacific avenue, who had never had the
experience of witnessing a trial, watched
the proceedings from the open door of the
Juiipt's chamber. A large delegation of
the colored population was present and
seemed to be greatly interested in the
case. Captain Jainieson and Captain Ma
loney, both former oflicials at San Quen
tln, were among the spectators.
The first witness called was A. O. Gott,
proprietor of the store where the attempt
ed burglary took place. Mr. Gott told of
leaving his store at 8 o'clock on Sunday
evening, October 8, and of seeing that the
doors were locked and bolted, and of his
return to the store Monday morning after
reading of the attempted burglary, He
identified a number of tools found on the
two burglars as his property. These were
the tools supposed to have been burglar's
tools at the time of the capture of Sul
livan.
Harry Tenney was recalled and Attor
ney Crowley proceeded with the cross
examination. Tenney testitled that he
waited half an hour after he first heard
a noise in the rear of the building before
he left to give the alarm. He told of his
return along Park street from the police
station; of his telling Officer Rogers, who
went with him and stationed himself in
front of the jewelry store, and of his as
sisting Hadley over the fence by the
church into the alleyway. He himself
climbed up on the fence and saw Hadley
enter the gate Into the yard back of
Gott's store. Hadley went to the rear
door if the store and opened it. Hadley
was standing about live inches from the
back of the building when witness saw a
flash and heard a report of a revolver, but
could not tell whether it was fired in
front of Hadley or behind him. He could
not say how close the flash was to Had
ley, but it was in the open doorway. Had
ley red a shot and retreated toward the
fence. When asked if Hadley was acting
like a man with some one after him when
he cam out, or was taking his time, wit
ness answered that the officer was hurry-
Ing. Hadley proceeded to the gateway on
Centrnl avenue. Tenney stated that he
heard five or six shots. Three or four
shots were fired, then, after a slight
pause, three or four more shots were fired.
Tenney's testimony about Hadley hurry-
Ing to* the fence seemed to amuse Mrs.
Sullivan, ns it caused her to laugh.
Officer Hadley was next put on the
stand. He repeated the story of Mr. Ten
nev giving the alarm, etc. He told of en
tering the yard In back of the store and
of opening the back door of the store. He
could discern the outlines of two dark
objects, but could not distinguish who
they were. He heard the click of two re
volvers and immediately fired in the di
rection from which the sound of th.- clicks
came. The burglars immediately com
menced firing at him. firing four shots,
his gun refusing to work, and after try
ing to cock It he retreated and tried to
force open the gate, spraining his shoul
der in the attempt. He climbed over the
fence and while doing so took a look back
and saw one of the burglars, who he had
reason to believe was Sullivan, following
him. When he got over the fence he
turned around and saw one of the burg
lar?, whom he Identified as Sulivan. look
ing over the fence at him. He was but
Fix feet away from the base of the fence,
and by the light from an electric arc lamp
WATER FLOWED OUT
OF THE SOLID ROCK
Unexpected Spring Found by Tun
nelers in the Mountains Back
of Montecito.
SAXTA BARBARA, Oct. 13.— While
tunneling for water in the mountains
hack of Montecito. five miles from this
and at a depth of 1755 fec-t. miners
struck the largest flow of water ever
known to be found at one time in moun
tain development. So sudden was the
strike that the miners had diffirulty in
ing uninjured, and peveral who
were at the further end were thrown to
thf ground. The flow, which has been
estimated at about thirty miner?' inches,
including: three or four Inches previously
r. came very unexpectedly and from
rmation that has bewildered all ex
ports, who have claimed that no water
ted In such formation. The water
I fr-.m all sides, right out of the
solid rock, with no shale or clay indica
tions. The flow in the last twenty-four
hours has increased instead of dimin-
As Is usual in Ftich a strike the work
men are at a loss to proceed with th^ir
as it is impossible to enter the
tunnel and blasting is out of the question.
The tunnel is flooded, the track leading
to the farther end on which ran the small
rock care la washed away and Cold
g Creek, whi<-h for throe years hag
been dry. Ik running- full. Over a quarter
million gallons of water are being
wasted dally, mor>- than i? daily uf>''l t>y
this -city. The tunnel, which is an ex
periment, la. owned by a company -of
wealthy orchard owners of the Montecito
Valley, who were searching for water fur
irrigation purposes. The water is esti
mated to be worth $1000 for each miners'
; inch.
PRETTY STOCKTON WEDDING.
Richard C. Minor and Miss Alice
Thompson United.
STOCKTON, Oct. 18.— Richard C. Minor
i and Miss Alice Thompson were married at
to-day at the residence of the bride's
father, Hon. John C. Thompson, the well
known capitalist. Rev. J. W. Lundy, pas
tor of the First Presbyterian Church, of
ficiated at the ceremony.
The groom is a well-known attorney of
this city. He received his education In a
military institute and in the University of
Virginia, and for a number of years has
been a prominent member of the Btock
' ton bar. He Is a brother of Judge \v <>
\ Minor of the Superior Court of Stanislaus
County.
The bride Is the daughter of John ' '.
Thompson, who has been a prominent
| capitalist of the county for many years
[s treasurer of the Wagner leather
Company. She ip a young lady of rare
accomplishments, being; a graduate of Pan
.1 raqufn Valley and Mills colleges, and
prominent in social circles of Stockton.
YOUTHS' DIRECTORY FAIR.
I,aßt night was "Irish night" at the
Youths' Directory Fair and a largo dele
gation from the Celtic Union, Ancient
r of Hibernians and St. Patrick's
Alliance was present and assisted in
swelling the fund .for the payment of the
debt on the magnillcent Institution re
cently built for the homeless waifs of
our city. The Hibernia band was in at
tendance and played a number of Irish
airs. An address was delivered by Colo
nel Thomas P\ Harry, president of the
Celtic T'nlon. Remarks were also made
by J. J. Donohue, president of the A. O.
THE SAN Fl? AN CISCO CALL, TIIL'KSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
S
THREE PUPPIES THAT HAVE
A BRILLIANT WAR RECORD
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— No three puppies in the State have
had more exciting experiences than three little mongrel
brindle pups bruoght from Manila to Mrs. Crawford
Letham of 549 Park avenue, East Oakland. The doggies
were born in the trenches around Manila, and until they
arrived in the city of churches they had been accustomed to
little but the noise of shot and shell. Since landing here they
; have been so impressed with the quietness that surrounds the
many church spires that they have tried hard and with much
; success to make enough noise to persuade themselves they are
; still amid the exciting scenes of their early days.
The animals have distinct military records, the father being
Punch, the brindle bull terrier mascot of the First Washington
Kegiment, which recently returned from Manila. The mother
is Fanny, a Scotch terrier, and the mascot of Company C of
It ho same regiment. Fanny enjoyed the reputation of being
puoh a clover chicken thief that she could supply her com
pany in camp with fresh hen for breakfast every morning.
at the corner of Central avenue and Park
street lie was able to distinguish the man
on the fence and Is positive it was the
prisoner. He could not tell whether the
man had on a necktie, but he had on dark
clothes he had a dark mustache and a
dark stubby beard. "Witness leveled his
gun at the man and he dropped back be
hind the fence. When asked by defen
dant's attorney how he expected to kill
both men by firing toward the spot
whence the sound came, witness said he
had no expectations as to how many he
would kill. "I fired first. They were ad
vancing toward the door when I fired.
They continued to come toward the door,
shooting as they advanced. My gun re
fused to work and so I got out." Wit
ness stifled to seeing two distinct flashes
from two distinct revolvers. They were
about four feet apart. Hadley stated it
was not his shot that disabled his re
volver but the shot fired by the burglars.
A piece of hard substance got in between
the cylinder and the body of the pistol.
Witness did not save the obstruction.
Counsel asked witness if he expected any
one to believe that when he aimed a re
volver that was out of order at the man
on the fence the man would drop back.
Tfadley answered that the man did not
know the sun would net work, and asked
counsel to i lace himself in the same posi
tion. • .. .
Crowley— l suppose you could have
used a bottle of cocktail with the same
effect.
Hartley— l don't know. Tf you were
on the fence I think you would be able to
distinguish a bottle of cocktail.
Hadley repeated that he was positive
the man on the fence was Sullivan, and
that he had a dark mustache. Tills
caused Sullivan to smile, and turning
toward his brother he winked at the lat
ter. in referring to the shot ITadlev re
reived in the finger, Crowley said: "Now.
Mr. Hadley, do you mean to say that you
did not shoot yourself?" Hadley answered
■•I do."
An adjournment was taken until 9
o'clock to-morrow morning.
It is evident from the manner in which
Sullivan's attorney is proceeding that his
defense is to be made along the line that
i Sullivan did not enter the store where
; the burglary took place.
Sheriff May Put Her Out.
OAKLAND, Oct. 18.— Mrs. L. M. rot
tarell is still barricaded In the hip man
?|nn at Oak rind Twelfth streets. Tht
property is owned by the T'nion Saving
Bank, who obtained it under foreclosure
trd who nut Mrs. Cottarell In as keener
H., and Thomas Alford, president of St.
Patrick's Alliance. Miss Annie Rooney
and Miss Daisy Keane sang several vocal
numbers and Messrs. K<>!leher and O'Con
nor danced to the music of the Irish lid
dlor. Professor MrMahnn.
The various contests are attracting
much attention. The Sheriff's contest now
Fiands Dcasy 151 and Lackmann 150. [n
the scholarship contests F. Shaughnessy
and Clare Troubrldge are in the lead. In
the doctors' contest for a valuable clock
MISSION FEDERATION
PREPARING A BARBECUE
PROMINENT MEMBfcRS OF THE EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE.
PREPARATIONS for the rreat barbe
cue which is programmed to take
place next Sunday at Glen Park are
being pressed ahead with all steam
up by the committee appointed by the
Mission Federation of Improvement Clubs
fur that purpose. This committee consists
of: Chris StacJer. president of the Feder
al ion; Charles ("rouch, chairman of the
general committee; Gustave Schnee,
chairman of the executive committee;
Robert W. Anderson, chairman of the
press committee, and Joseph P. Tuohey,
secretary of the federation. These gentle
men, with others, have labored assidu
ously since the organization of the Mis
sion Federation of Improvement Clubs,
which association consists of delegates
from thirteen subordinate improvement
clubs located in the Mission district— the
old Eleventh Ward. The federation, with
its subordinate assistants, has done a
great deal during the past two years for
the Mission district It was the prime
and moving spirit in the scheme tot an
improved sewer system, by which the en
tire southern part of the city, fr»om Ocean
View to the waters of the bay along: the
bed of Islals Creek, may be thoroughly
Originally this little family consisted of four puppies, but one
was killed by a Filipino bullet before it was many days old,
and In the same engagement Fanny received a wound on one of
her fore legs, the scar of which she will carry to the end of her
life.
It was during the engagement in which one puppy was
killed that Stanley Delango, brother of Mrs. Letham, and two
other privates of Company C forgot the seriousness of battle
for a moment and stooped to pocket one of the puppies. But
for this little act the doggies would have been trampled, to
death. The pups were afterward returned to camp and were
brought to Oakland by Private Delango, while Punch and
Fanny are again In quartera at the Prfpidio, waiting f'>r thrir
regiment to be mustered out. One of the pups is yellow, an
other white and the third of a dark tiger color. One of them
will go to the sergeant of the regiment, a commissioned officer
claims the second and the third will remain in the possession of
Private Delango.
The lady alleges that she had a claim
against the bank, and that she will, rot
vacate. Yesterday judgment was given
the bank to oust Mrs. Cottarell. and if
she does not get out to-morrow the
Sheriff will be called upon to put her out.
Funeral of Professor Riehl.
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— The funeral of
Professor Emil Riehl was held from the
lodgerooms of the Klka This afternoon.
The services were conducted by Exalted
Ruler George W. Reed, and George E.
de Golia delivered the funeral (nation, a
portion of the Riehl quartet, which the
professor conducted in his lifetime, con
sisting of Max Schultze, Ludwlg Warnke.
Rudolph Crist. R. K. Hickethier, Guatav
Folte and Mr. Aurbach, sang two num
bers. The pallbearers were: J. 11. W.
Sohst Theo Gler, John Slavich, "\v. M.
Watson. Ben Wright and Max Schleuter.
SHARE A CENTURY
OF ODD FELLOWSHIP
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, 00S Broadway. Oct. 18.
Two of the most Interesting delegates to the Odd Fellows 1 celebration to
morrow will be Zacharlas Ludwlg, the oldest Odd Fellow In California,
and Frederick Bchlmmelpfennig, whose combined years in Odd Fellow
ship reach exactly a century. Mr. Ludwig was initiated in 184S and
Mr. Schimmelpfennig In l»50.
Zachariaa Ludwlg was initiaterl December 10, 1848, in Pittsburg, Pa..
in Lodge No. !•">. Which shows how few lodges there were at that time. He
has always beeil an active number of the order and ha? hold many high ofßces,
and although now of advanced age his health is splendid, but no better than
his memory. He has organized two lodges In the East, and was the founder
of the Vorwaerts Lodge of Oakland. lie was also the founder of the first Re
bekah German lodge of Oakland, and was elected its noble grand. The Re
bekab lodges, as a rule, have lady sfflcers, but in this instance they were
obliged to take a gentleman In order to teach and organize. This was twenty
two years ago. Last December Mr. Ludwiu was tendered a golden Jubilee In
this city by brother Odd Fellows, ami an Invitation was senl to his original
lcdyv at Pittsburg, which sent him an elegant gold Odd Fellows' badge for i
watch^harm By the Yorwaerts Lodge he was presented with a gold medal
inlaid with the Odd Fellows' insignia.
Frederick S. himmelpfennig joined the Odd Fellows of the German Colo
nial Order in Albany. N. V., in 1850, and six years later came to Oakland. He
found in this city about fifty unattached members of the order, who wore very
anxious to have a meeting place. Mr. Schimmelpfennig offered to build, and
bis offo r was accepted. Pie erected the first I. O. O. F. hall in this part of the
State on his own property, at East Twelfth street and Fifteenth avenue. He
built a residence adjoining the hall, and the two buildings are among the old
est in this city.
Mrs. Schimmelpfennig is also enthusiastic in the raupe of Odd Fellowship,
and, with her husband, Delieves very firmly in its principles.
in the hospital booth the score is: Dr.
Hertzstein 215, Dr. Kerr 167, Dr. Healy
147, Dr. Lagan 181.
Captain Andrew Tainter Dead.
RICE LAKE, Wis., Oct. IS.— "Japtain
Andrew Tainter of Menominee, Wis..
vice-president of the firm of Knapp,
Stout & Co.. a millionaire lumber man,
died to-day from an attack of pneumonia.
He was 70 years old.
drained. The tunnel running under the
bed of the railroad track of the Southern
Pacific Company's line to San Jose at Bos
worth street, leading into Glen Park was
another of the federation's achievements,
as were also the advocacy of several new
schoolhouses in the district, the improving
of streets, the extra electric lights which
have been distributed throughout the
Mission, and, last but not least, the gen
eroua co-operation of the San Francisco
and Pan Mateo Railroad Company in put
ting a double and improved track on its
trolley line from Thirtieth street to the
county line.
As an Incentive to the numerous candi
dates who have received nominations from
their respective parties, the proposed bar
becue will take place as announced to
which all are invited. Ample preparations
have been made to feed 20.000 persons.
Steers, sheep and hogs have been slaugh
tered to meet the emergency, and two
bakeries have been chartered to turn out
bread for all who may take part In the
groat event of the declining year. There
will be two bands of music on hand to dis
course patriotic airs, while there will be
furnished other entertainments. The chief
pleasure will be to hear and see the nu
merous candidates' who are expecting
votes from the big Eleventh Ward.
MERCHANTS' EXCHANGE
FAVORS NO CHANGES
OAKLAND, Oct. IS.— The committee of
the Merchants' Exchange charged with
the duty of reporting on the best method
of Improving the harbor has announced
that after consultation with Senator
IVrkins and Congressman Metcalf it is
convinced it is better not to interfere.
The committee believes that the Govern
ment should be permitted to finish the
work. Including the tidal canal and the
deepening and widening of the channel,
according to the provisions <>t the orig
inal plans. Any Interference with this
plan at this time it is believed will delay
the work without producing any compen-
WEEK'S ENTERTAINMENT
FOR A WORTHY CAUSE
Pretty Bazaar at San Jose in Aid of
St. Patrick's Church Sunday
School Fund.
PAN JOSE, Oct. 18.— A brilliant scene is
enacted nightly at Turn Verein Hall,
where the bazaar held by the ladies of St.
Patrick's Church is in progress. Society
is turning out in force and the attendance
is such as to insure its success.
The object of the entertainment is to
build a hall for Sunday school purposes
back of St. Patricks Church, on Ninth
and Santa Clara streets. Opening last
evening-, it will continue the balance of the
week. Mrs. \V. P. Dougherty is president
oi the bazaar and Miss Edith King the
secretary. T. R. Dougherty is entertain
ment director. The floor committee con
sits of J. M. O'Keefe. H. J. Dougherty,
T. R. Dougherty and James P. Sex.
The hall is prettily decorated, and ar
ranged about the sides are prettily
trimmed booths, where fancy articles and
refreshments are served. A fine musical
and literary programme ia given each
evening, followed by dancing 1 . The follow
ing ladies are in charge of the various
booths:
California booth— Mrs. W. P. Dougherty.
Sodality booth— Mrs. James McKagney,
assisted by Mrs. P. Sullivan. Mrs. R
Stewart, Mr?. P. Boyle, Mrs. James Shan
non, Mrs. A. Serio. Mrs. E. Hani. y. .Mrs.
M. Hogan, Mrs. N. Brady, the Misses Ma
gttire, the Misses Leak. Miss Haml°y.
Miss Sehraunz. Miss Ward, Misses Agnes
and Mamie Sullivan, Miss Bessie Gilbert,
Miss Marella Bell, Miss Zellie Carto and
Misses Grace and Lizzie Farrell. Turk
ish booth— Mrs. Dr. A. K. Hall, Miss Anna
Colombet and assistants. Emerald booth —
Miss E. Hicgins and the Ladies' Auxiliary
of the Hibernians. Fishing pond— Mrs.
Pencera and Miss J. Pachaud. Candy
booth— Miss Mamie Sullivan. Floral booth
—Miss Ella Smith and Mis? Mossie Mc-
Henry. Klondike booth— Miss Edith King
and a corps of assistants. Shooting gal
lery—William McKagney.
Wedding at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Oct. IS.— Dr. James T.
Royles and Miss Annie Louise Martin,
both prominent in society and literary
circles, were married at nOon yesterday.
They left in the afternoon on a honey
moon trip, which will be extended as far
as New York.
New Water Works.
PLEASANTON, Oct. 18.— The Board of
Trustees last night passed a resolution ac
cepting plans and estimates for a "new
system of water works, to cost $20,000. An
election has been called for December 19
to vote for the bonding of the town for
$20,000.
ST. BRENDAN'S FAIR.
Father Nugent Says It Will Posi
tively Close To-Night.
The attendance was so large last night
at St. Brendan's Fair that the ladles In
charge of the various booths found It im
possible to hold the drawings for the
many articles which are to be raffled
off. A large number of chances were pur
chased by the charitable visitors and
Father Nugent decided that it would be
necessary to keep the fair open for one
night more in order that affairs may be
wound up satisfactorily to all concerned.
He states, however, that the bazaar will
positively close to-night. A special musi
cal programme is In course of prepara
tion and It will be a gala closing. Father
Nugent desires to extend his heartfelt
thanks to all those who have assisted in
making the fair the success that it was.'
JUDGE EDGAR
INDIGNANT AT
JUDGE ALLEN
Fines His Office for
Being Tardy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway. Oct IS.
For the first time on record the District
Attorney's office was lined $50 yesterday
jby Justice of the Peace Edgar. An ex
| amination in a felony charge was set for
i yesterday morning in the Berkeley court,
; and although all other parties were pres
| ent and ready to proceed, no representa
tive from the District Attorney's office
; appeared, i.or was any excuse sent or re
quest for a continuance.
Judge Edgar waited a reasonable time,
j but hearing nothing, he declared that the
District Attorney's office was in contempt
i of court and imposed a fine of $50 on tn€
office.
It transpired later that a deputy bad
been ordered to attend to the Berkeley
trial, but that a mistake had been mad.
in the time, and when this explanation
was made to the Judge he magnanimous
ly excused Disirirt Attorney Allen from
having to pay the $,"'■>.
This is the second skirmish that has
occurred within a few weeks between the
I District Attorney's office and the Berke
' ley court which is only just four
! months oki. Two weeks ago Judge Ed
p;ir took it upon himself to appoint an
official stenographer for the court, and
the bill for service was declared Illegal
by the District Attorney on the ground
that only the District Attorney can ap
point official stenographers in the Jus
tice's courts. This incident caused a
little friction which was not subdued by
the little event of yesterday.
ARCHITECT BENARD
TO VISIT BERKELEY
BERKELEY, Oct. 18.— Monsieur Benard
of Paris, the architect whose plans in the
Phebe Hearst architectural competition
were awarded the first prize, will visit
the site of the University of ■ alifornia
probably some time early next month. A
cablegram was r%ceived at Berkeley to
day saying that the distinguished archi
tect left Paris yesterday. It is under
stood that Mrs. Hearst intends .o leave
for the East shortly. She will return in
time to consult with Monsieur Benard
during his stay in the university town.
The object of the architect's visit is to
look over the university grounds, prelim
inary to giving the final touches to his
plans before any part of them is put into
execution.
The plans themselves are soon to be
shipped to Paris to be exhibited at the
Paris Exposition. They will be given a
place in the section reserved for Frer.ch
architects Instead of going as a part of
the exhibit of the University of Califor
nia. The reason for this is 'hat the
amount of Bpace reserved for California
is much too Insufficient to give the de
signs the- display their Importance de-
Berved.
Censured the Institution.
OAKLAND, Oct 18, Coroner Mehr
mann went to Livermore last night to
hold an inquest on the body of Mrs. Levi,
the young woman who c^mmitti'd suicide
in a bathroom. From the testimony it
appeared that the attendant left the
woman in the room and that she locked
h< rself in. afterward hanging herself
with a portion of her apparel. The jury
supplemented this verdict with a sug
gestion that the management of the sani
tarium should adopt additional precau
tions, as many fatalities have occurred
at the institution during the past nve
years.
Yon Kapff Goes to Jail.
OAKLAND, Oct. IS. — Ex-Constable
Henry yon Kapff, who was convicted of
perjury and was sentenced to one year's
LECTURED ON THE
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Rabbi M. S. Levy Talks Entertain
ingly to a Large
Audience.
Rev. M. S. Levy, Rabbi of Congregation
Beth Israel, guided a large audience to
the Hawaiian Islands last evening and
the hour and a half spent in that beau
tiful land was of great benefit to those
who listened to the doctor's entertaining
talk. Stereopticon views of rare excel
lence were shown on a white canvas and
made the tour of the audience an inter
esting one.
B'nai B'rith Hall was crowded with the
members and friends of the Independent
Order of B'nai B'rith. It marked the
third reception of the season under its
auspices. As on former occasions it was
well attended and did much toward the
intellectual advancement of those present.
Rev. Dr. Jacob Nieto, chairman of the
committee having the affair in charge,
opened the entertainment with a short
address, in which he told of the effort
being made to educate and interest the
members and friends of the order. He
then introduced Morris Rose, who ren
dered a violin solo. This was followed by
a song, "Because of Thee," by Berthold
Tours, which Miss Hpymansnn artist
ically rendered. Miss Ella V. McOloskey's
contralto solo was enjoyed, as was also
Mr. Fleming's basso soln. All those who
participated in the programme were gen
erously applauded.
Dr. Nieto introduced his fellow-preacher
in a few well chosen sentences. The lights
were then turned out and Rabbi Levy
transported his audience to the land o"f
sunshine and flowers. The' speaker has
just returned from Hawaii and showed by
his lecture that while In that country he
had devoted his time to observation and
study. He described the various spots
he had visited and told of tho customs of
the natives. He eulogized the latter for
their hospitality, generosity and great
honesty. Throughout his lecture his audi
ence showed the deepest interest and
punctuated it with applause.
Credit is clue the following gentlemen:
Rev. Dr. Nieto, H. Rubins. S. H. Simon
A. Auerbach, William Cohen. H. Oustadt'
S. Silverstone, H. Mauser. A. Jonas s'
Myrson, A. Wasch and Wiliiam Qeist
WEDDING AT SAN RAFAEL.
Miss Salic Huie United to William
R. Thompson.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. IS.— Miss Salic H.
Huie, daughter 01 Mrs. S. E. Huie, and
sister of Lieutenant Huie, was united in
marriage at noon to-day to "William Roots
Thompson, a prominent attorney of Hunt
ington, W. Va., by Rev. William I. Kip
gastor of the Good Samaritan Mission of
an Francisco. The ceremony occurred at
the residence of the bride's mother and
was of a private nature, only the relatives
and. a few intimate friends "being present
The decorations were autumn leaves and
grape vines and the young couple elapsed
hands beneath a bower of pink geraniums
The bride was given away by her brother
William H. Huie. while Robert Huie an
other brother, officiated as best man. As
the bride entered on the arm of her broth
er the "Lohengrin" wedding march
was played by the orchestra, which also
rendered "O Promise Me," while the
words were being pronounced which made
the young couple one. and afterward Men
delssohn's "Wedding March."
After the wedding, breakfast Mr. and
Mrs. Thompson took the train for Del
Monte. After spending a week there they
will leave for West Virginia, were they
will in the future reside.
I OF THE
imprisonment in San Quentin, has decide.l
not to appeal. There were three other
charges against Yon Kapff. and i'
agreed upon between the District Attor
ney's office and the counsel for the df>
fendant that if Yon Kapff did not a
ttit- tirst case tried the other three w< v. i
be dismissed. This morning Yon Ka] '.
waived hN richt to appeal nnd will at
once commence serving his sent
Confectionery Works Burned.
LONDON, Ort. IB.— The wholesale con
fection, ry works of Barreti & Co. in this
city were burned this morning. Tin:
rlamagre is estimated
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JpaRTEHS'
SICK HEADACHE
Positively cared by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. • A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID OVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Pr!ce.
•^-^^<^-«%^,^>^^<^^*!*«
ivisi* DR. JORDAN great 4
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
9 £■& 1:51 let. 6:ht7±,c.F.cci. i
T qT^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
' fi^^sJ^ disease p«*Ul»^lycMPedhy the oldest T
(j IJSS fJ3 1 Specialist c v the Coast. list. 36 year? i*3
k fl^^g OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
\ F^KSh Consultation frte and strktly private. \
iflliE? 1 0R - JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES £
I ffjßftS Consultation free and strictly private. \
\ & y^H 'w.rtiie Cure in every case undertaken. W
A mil IIW Wntefor H-ok. PHII.OMOFUY «l i
f I j jl 1 ! BIHRUGC, MAILED FREB. |Af
A U (I. valuable boole for mrnj \
7 »K. JOBDA.N A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. 0
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
gc. Steamers leave Broad war
*^^*»«». -wharf, San Francisco.
J^^^SSk. For Alaskan ports, 10 a.m.,
I KJUPLjM^ Oct. 3. S. 13, IS. 23. 2S: Nov.
I EKifiEd^S^ 2 - chanpp at Seattle.
, Hk9sTOl For Victoria. Vancouver
fjHsST^aea}! (B. C.).. Port Townsend. Se-
! l^^^JyWA attle. Tacoma, Everett. An?-
cortes and New Whatcom
"** (Wash.). 10 a. m., Oct. S. S,
13. IS, 23, 28: Nov. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter: change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska an*
0. N. Ry.: at Taooma to N. P. Ry.: at Van-
°For r Eureka (Huniboldt Bay}. 2 p. m.. Oct.
6. 11, 16. 21. 26. 31: Nov. 0 and every flftn
day thereafter. _,
Fcr Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Plmeori.
Cayueos. Port Harford (Pnn Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenem*.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) anrl
Newport. 8 a. m.. Oct. 3. 7. 11. 15. 19 8, 27. 31.
Nov i. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego. Ftnprlne only at Port H*r-
ford (Pan Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Aneeles). 11 a.
m.. Oct. 5. 9. IS. 17. 21. 25. 29; Nov. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Mnedalena Bny, Fan Jos- Uel
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., .th of each
month. , 
For further Information obtain n folder.
The company reserve? the rlsht to chaner?
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
ar rl hnnr<i of oUlnf
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Monteomery.
rtreet (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oen. Act«..
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
. DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street Wharf at in a. m.
CADC 812 First Class Including Berth
rAfIU $8 Second Class C\nd Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20, 30: Nov. 9. 19. 29.
STATE OF CALIFORN c 1A......^.. : ....... : &
Phort'Ltne to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte.
Helena an.l all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
16 E. C. WARD. General Agent.
. • C2O Market st.
I GOODALL, PERKINS « g^,,^^
AMERICAN LINE.
nr,W YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON, PART?.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Ever* Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Oct. 11l St. Paul.. Nov. 8
New York Oct. 25; New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. list. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Ever* Wednesday, 12 noon.
Westernland ...Oct. IKI Frlesland Nov. S
Kensington ....Oct. 25' Southwark Nov. lj
Nordland Nov. ll Westernland ...Nov. 22
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
INTERNATIONAL^NAVIOATION COMPACT.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki anl Shanghai, ami
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGKOKG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
NIPPON-MARU Saturday, Nov. IS
AMERICA-MARU Thursday. Dec. 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freltrfit and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANS ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j^fys.
Sailing every Thursday instead of: -^Tjvt fN
Saturday, from November 2, 1899, at ■^>*---^---' fe «'
10 a. m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton et. LA OASCOGNE, Oct. 21: LA
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28: LA TOURAINE. 'Nov.
2: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 30: LA BRETAONE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. $60 and upward; 5 per
cent reduction on round trlr>. Second-class to
Havre, $45: 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye.. San
Francisco.
fHMMARM Wednesday, Nov. 1,
JfefllflES. via Honolulu
w t* B ""^» Auckland for s
O^/L^N at 10 p. m. Nov. 1,
oMBBIDSiHD^ a<T^ <! 8- a Australia
G)lCQil!3!liy for Honolulu
(Ofnß<lf?tf- Wednesday. Nov. 13,
IM|I!<.A..V.I at 2p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez
England, etc.; $610 first-claps.
1. 0. SPRECKELS4 BROS. CO.. «gts.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight OWce.32? MarK:;t St.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS..
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJoT
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43
a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. in. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and S:30: Sundays. 10:20 a. m. 1
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE 50«
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-^527 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 5:30 o'clock.
"00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CtO McAllister street; open until 9:30 clock.
MR Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
3941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock,
2261 Market btrt-et, comer Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky Greets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES. j
GOLDEN Gate Encampment No. 1, I . |k A ;
O. O. F.— Officers and members art? no- }£
tified to assemble in Encampment Hall. X\ '
<>dd Fellows' building, at 9 o'cloeliX X \
b. m.. THURSDAY, October 19. to take part
In the parade. Such as are not able to march ,
will otherwise be provided for.
WM. E. DUBOIS. C. P.
H. '" GEORGE. Scribe.
WILDEY Encampment No. 23. I. O. O. |fc m
F. Patriarchs are requested to assem- V
lite DAY at 9:30 a. m. sharp at En- XX
campmci'.t Hall. Seventh and Market V
Kts. to participate ■. parade. By order.
J. H. HAN'S EN. C P.
MEM! of Oriental Encampment No. ft A*
57. I. O. O. V . participating in parade x/
will please assemble at hall on XX
THURSDAY October 19, at 9:30 a. m. / X'•
a. hi ivey, Scribe.
VETERAN Odd Fellows, ATTEN- ..o^.^^.
TION— All veteran 0.1.1 Fellows, '■^^3PS=
who have engnsie'l carriages for ~£r>a*^:"
the parade, will report at 9:30 a.
m THURSDAY. October 19. for the purpose
of taking their scats In the carriages. By
OP " ° CEO H. MORRISON, President.
B. MAYER, Marshal. _ _
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. O. .j^fißßfcr
F - Members will m»*t In \\>-- j lIP jL jlWii
mortal Hall THURSDAY. Oct ::<.
at 9 a. m.. to be assigned to place ~ mw —
in parade. Carriages for th se that can
walk. P. J. MILLET. Marshal,
ABOU Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112. I. <^^U^
O. O. F.— Members will assemble^WZiSSci
in lodge room THURSDAY, Oct. r^55J^ r !
'9. at 9:30 a. m. sharp for Jubilee w«v>
parade. By order of the lodge.
W. J. PLUNKETT. N. O.
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. <?&x*t.y.
0. F.— AH members are requested ~£?%zSSc~
to meet In their hall THIS DAY, -!?*<J^gsr
nt 9:30 a. m. sharp, to be assigned "*./ IA
:;> their position lr. tho parnae.
J. F. NICHOLS. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. o^eutg>
F.— Members will assemble in^^T*. fe
lodgeroom at 9:30 a. m. sharp for " — 5
Jubilee parade. A special meet- '"I 1 *:;
Ing will be held on FRIDAY, October 20.
1S:»9, .it 7 p. m. sharp, for Initiation. Visit-
ing brothers cordial!} Invited.
FRANK P. ASHWORTH Rec. Secy.
F. I. TURPIN, Noble Grand.
HALL of Occidental Lodge No. 179. ,«_*_i_3»
1. O. O. F.— Members of the lodge ;^g*s^xj-
are requested to meet at the ~^s^C^_-
lodgeroom. 32 O'Farrell st. Nt 7 .
9:45 a. m. sharp. THURSDAY, for the pur- !
pose of participating In the Jubilee parade.
Kindly make an effort to be with us on that ;
morning. By order of
S. G. WHITNEY. N. G.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 204, I. --,"»
O. O. F.— Members will assemble _ ' _,_T3
In lodgeroom THURSDAY, Octo- T^>i^.-
ber 19, at 3:30 a. m. sharp, for '<//».<*
Jubilee parade.
M. E. DIEBOLD, Marshal.
ALTA Lodge No. 205. I. O. O. F.-
Members assemble at lodge room ~§2J7^SKS& ;
THIS MORNING at 9:30 sharp for "^-Sglfjjr
parade. " '
F. B. VOORHIES. Marshal/^
FIDELITY Lndge No. 222. I. 0 ~.-S*m s &.
O. F. Members are hereby not I- -r^J^LSfc"-
fifd to meet In Covenant Hall at : ??Z*fgP^: ■
9:30 o'clock THIS MORNING / w'w
to receive rccalia and hats and
march to take position In parade on Jones,
near Golden (Jute aye.
H. JACKS, Marshal of Lodge.
MORSE I,odge No. 257. I. 0 O. F. v *-jw
—Members of this lodge will meet -^_2Sci^
In Covenant Hall THURSDAY, 2^*s?!^?
. October 19, at 9 a. m., to receive
their hnts and regalia for the Jubilee Parade.
J. 1.. WEBB, N. G.
C. BRINI Rec. Sec.
GOLDEN WEST Win,
NO. 822, I. O. O. F. ' SS^
Members will meet for Parade -5 " *«S^f
At 10 o'clock sharp. ">/i*<s
CLATRKSON DYE.
Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 73. R. A. M — m
Stated meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _j9"i ■
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Mission Ma- jfjjf .
son! Tempi- 0 . 2668 Mission st. Business f^^ y
and Royal Arch degree. By order of the H. P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
DORIC Lndge No. 216, F. and A M— ■
Called meeting THIS (THURSDAY) __f\
EVENING .-,; 7:30 o'clock. First de- >S_K
pre.c. All Masons are invited. By order / yr '
of the W. M. .1 R. GOLDSMITH. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Henry H. Meyer, et alp.. In the j
French Claim, at Alabama Hill, near Downle- 1
ville. Sierra County, to deposit tailings In a
rnvlne below the mine; from R. .1. Sinnott
nril F. M. Spencer, in the Hopkins Creek
Tailing Claim, in Goodwin Township, Plumas ;
County, to deposit tailings in Hopkins Creek; i
nnd from James C. West, in the Eagle Gulch |
mine, in Butte County, near Strawberry Val-
ley, to deposit tailings in a worked out pit,
elves notire that a meeting will bo heM at !
room 59. Flood building. San Francisco, Cal.,
m October SO, IS?9. at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— Annual meet of stock-
holder? of the KILAUEA SUGAR
PLANTATION COMPANY will be hold at
the office of the company, 327 Market street, i
In the city and county of San Francisco
State of California, on WEDNESDAY, the j
?sth day of October, 1599. at the hour of 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi- >
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans- ;
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14, i
1599. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits *
adjusts accounts for corporations & firm" ref, !
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases:
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc.. drawn; moderate
fees; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. '
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stockta.
NOAH F. FLOOD, 935 Market St., pp. Mason;
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees in advance.
NAGLE & NAGLE, attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
BATH CABIKSTS— THERKA »..
THE Robinson (-panel bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
cail and see It. descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN, general agent. 426 Ellis St.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Kxchnngp.
WHITE agency, 1454 Market St.; a few '93
wheels. $25; mechanical repairing.
BICYCLE REPAIRS^
THOS. H. B. VARNEV. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AN!' IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AM) ROOMS.
MARKET. 1019 A (Hotel Robins.m)"^Un7ier"*n?w
and excellent management; Mr. M C Rob-
inson, formerly Oakland, prop.; sunny suites
very- desirable for families; first-elat-\s table-
. quick isei-vice; reasonable rates; family suites
a specialty; American ami European plan.
EDDY. 123— United States -H otel; rooms $1 -, 0
week up. with board $:. £0: suit for two with
board, $12: board, 51 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel. 807 California St.. occu-
pying con opposite Grace Church.
"BELGRAVIA," Polk and Clay-Sunny suites;
best board; for 2, $13 up; single, $20.
LEAVENWORTH, 219— Sunny front rooms; ex-
cellent table board; desirable location,; reas.
MARKET. 1820 (Las Palmas)— of 2 or 3
rms.; private; bath; sin. rms.; board optional.
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean comfortable rooms; 6U-
lierlor table board; bath; piano; reasonable.
PINE, 1222— Handsome family hotel; sunny
rooms; suite or single; refs. Miss Hutchlnson.
POWELL. 309 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
find single, with or without board.
THE Irving— Sutter— Sunny front suite and
single rooms with excellent board.
• HOARDING FOR! CHILDREN.
ACCOMMODATION for 2 or 1 small children;
mother's care and home comforts. MRS. C.
L. DE MONT. MS East Eleventh St., Oakland.
HOOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL ROOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st, near Third.
ROOTS AND SHOES.
LADIES' best rubbers. 25c and 35c; men's
boots, $2; children's shoes, 65c up: ladies'
shoes, $1 up; send for price list.
People's Shoe Store, 1303 Stockton, nr. Brdwy.
HI SINESS CHANCES.
:• •■; it saloon, one block from Market
St., close to Odd Fellows' bids; rent $40;
lease; daily receipts $13; death cause of sale.
}'. G. WILKE. 906 Market at.
$7500— HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar, din-
Ing-room, etc. -. establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located: this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full-
«-st Investigation solicited. Call K. G.
WILKE. 9M Market St.
A— ;;;■•■ CORNER EaJoon with 6 rooms: rent
$«0; mercantile lunch: between wholesale j
houses and Iron foundries: place clearing J! v ,
per month; lease. Call WILKE. 906 Market. \
A |500 CHIROPODIST and manicure parlors; j
Market and Powell sts.; only the very best
class of patronage: no rent to pay; a spledld
offer R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— PARTNER wanted with 1400 In good-paying ;
water-front saloon; splendidly paying: best I
location. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st. |
A— J46O— BRANCH bakery and stationery 'tore !
on O'Farrell St., Including 4 rooms: dally re- I
ceipts $10; rent, %"'•: a splendid offer. R. .G. ]
WILKE. 906 Market St. j
A — $350; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
St.; rent {35; first class; paying. Call WILKE,
900 Market st.
GROCERY store (no bar); splendid loca-
tion: best .lass cash trade; good horse and
wagon; larire stock; fine fixtures a:.: safe;
cash register; sickness. M. LESS. 765 Market.
$37.'— Restaurant, near car house and 3 car lines; i
big regular trade: Saturday & Sundays large
transient; living rms. M. LESS, 765 Market. |
14250 MILK ranch In city; 54 cows, 7 horses, 3 I
wagons, farming utensils; everything com-
l int.- and in tip-top order; 48 cans; be.st class
trade; offer one of best ever made; positively !
full value in sight, with splendid business \
thrown In; full investigation and trial of you
mean business; none but principals. M. 1
LESS. 785 Market st.
$4i".OO— RESTAURANT and oyster house; Market \
st.; magnificently fitted up private rooms;
will easily clear $300 monthly; trial given If
you mean business M. LESS, 761 Market st. j
$250— PAYING branch bakery In the Mission: «
4 living rms.; receipts from $12 to $14 per day; (>
rent cheap; old tab. M. LESS. 705 Market. |
$600— FIRST-CLASS cigar stand; wholesale dis- j
trict; must be sold this week on account I
other business. JONES, 863 Market st.
$400- BRANCH bakery, groceries, delicacies;
doing business $9 to $12 day; two weckß' trial
given; 5 living rooms; rent $20. JONES. E65
Market st. ' !
GRAND chance to purchase businesses of all j
kinds' saloons, grocery stores, businesses of
all kinds from $100 to $5000. HEALY, 917 I
Market at. . -S
A GRAND CHANCE; business clearing $75 per
month; price only $150. HEALY, 917 Market.
$27! SALOON doing prosperous business: 4 fur-
rms. ; cheap rent. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary.
$1250— GROCERY and bar; fixtures cost $1000:
fre«h stock: Invoice H2OC $25 daily: must be
sold; sickness. KREDO & CO.. 22'^ Geary St.
PARTNER wanted In good paying patent
right; bear Investigation. COWING & CO., j
'.:•: Market St. _____
FOR sale— One of the best corner liquor stores
•and saloons In Vatlejo: new and complete In
every particular: electric lights: 1 block from
principal wharf; fixtures complete; select
stork of goo, ready for business at once;
price $1000; rent reasonable to good tenant. I
Call on FRED HOLLMAN. Hollman House.
Vallejo, Cal.
FOR sale— Liquor store, established 2S years;
■ ring from business; ZS-room house in-\
store to let; fixtures and%tock will be sold
cheap; long lease If desired; suitable for
grocery, drug store or hotel. 1153 Howard
st., cor. Sumner. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
FOR sale or trailf 1 — Home bakery and lunch
room ; fine stock of home-made Jellies an.l
relishes: best-paying cash ■ si ness in Oak-
land; fullest Investigation to right party. 514
Eleventh st.. Oakland. •
FOR sale nr rent- -Good-paying restaurant: ac-
cnunt of leaving town. Address box S7l, Call
office. Oakland.
j- SHOE shop; established 4 years: plenty of
work for 2 men: sickness the cause of sell-
ing. Box Sl3, Call office.
BRANCH bakery and stationery store: good
location; 3 living rooms; rent $11. 1342 Sac-
iramento BtJ .
GOOD-PAYING rooming house, for cash; 16
rooms. IS3 Hyde ft.
FOR sale cheap— Laundry route paying $18 a
week. Laundry, box 227. Call office.
VALUABLE patent for sale. ICIIH Polk st.
ORNER grocery and bar: good corner;
established 10 years; good trade; stock new
and clean; cause of Belling old ape and re-
tiring from business; lpase if desired; stable
on premises. .T. D. HOUR'S, 662 San Jose
aye., corner Valley st.
j2-,oo— ONE of the best located drug stores In
the city: clearing $200 per month: selling on
account of other business. Address L. 13..
box 14. Call office.
FURNITURE and good will of Hotel Hnins-
wlrk; doing splendid business; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down,
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick, Oakland.
PARTNER wanted with $S00; $500 cash; balance :
on time; light business; come Investigate; no I
agent. Call at 2 Eighth st.. barber shop.
$150— FIRST-CLASS horseshoeing shop with !
large stock and Al cash trade; cheap rent i
bears Investigation. Inquire 269 Third St.
BARGAIN; restaurant and oyster use Op-
posite ferry; established 23 years. Box 21*1,
Call office.
BARBERS, attention— Shop pays $35 a week;
compelled to sell cheap. Box 818. Call offlce.
RARE chance; nicely fitted up saloon; cntral
location: for sale cheap. Inquire Call office.
BUSINESS for sale: candy, stationery, notions
and cigars. 3255 Twenty-second, nr. Valencia.
6 (MS: nicely furnished; must sell or rent
this week. Box 763, Call.
HALF or whole interest grocery store; estab.
12 years. Call 1510 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
CIGAR stand for sale; to be removed. Inquire
In saloon, Tenth and Howard Ets.
LUNCH place and variety store for sale:
cheap. 2474 Mission st.
GROCERY and bar for sale; cheap. 745 Bran-
nan St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
$6iv>— PORK nnd delicacy store; $30 day; trial
given. Box 843, Call office.
WELL paying restaurant for sale on account
of departure for Manila. Box 206, Call office.
FOR sale- Dining-room; serving 200 meals per
day; rent t2~.: Investigate. Box 204, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS paying barber shop: selling ac-
count of sickness DENNISON. 783% Market.
WOOD and coal yard: established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 793, Call office.
$200— PAINT shop; estab. 40 years; good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS, 926 Washington Ft.
BAKERY for sale: $S00; no wagon; all store
trade. Address box 599. Call office.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
743 Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWKLL *• CO.'S. 412 Sacrament? St.
GOOD paying inside route for Bale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale- Good paying Inside route on this
paper Apply Call office.
CARRIAGE* AND "WAGONS.
FINE top buggy, almost now; business buggy, !
n<*w; business wagons, new. suitable for dry '
goods stores; rockaway. 828 Harrison St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts. harness, :
etc., cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission Bt.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts, \
huccies. mm and lior.=es. 1140 Folsom »t.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work !
send to DING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works, 353-357 Tehatna Ft.: tel. 8. 40. !
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. Q. 11. !
STEVENS, inci-.. 88-40 Sth St.: teL South 150.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
4. .3 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 228; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st. ;
tel Main 304. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. .4.1 Nth
St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; I*l. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M IKITL'ALISvH. j
MRS. DR. CLARK, ~"
the well-known trance medium end clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery: she will show you how to I
overcome your enemies; remove family trou- i
bles; restore lost affections; unite the sep- |
I «rated; recover.* lost, stolen or burled prop- ]
erty; locate* treasures and minerals; tells !
your entire lift-, jiast, present and future,
while In .1 perfect trance; perfect satisfaction ;
guaranteed by mail; send «amp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLAHK, '
205 Turk st. Always consult the best.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated I
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived 8 i
Hayes st., room 7, second floor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM
MME. MELBOURNE, the greatest prophetic j
reader of destiny, tells your past, present, |
and future, also every secret In a person life
or thoughts; don't hesitate or procrastinate ;
now is the time to know your destiny: being
possessed of great mesmeric power she can
aid you In all your affairs; magnetic charms,
EOc, reunite the separated. 612V_ Eddy St..
downstairs: readings, ladles 50c. gents $1;
hours 1:30 to 5:30 p. m. and 7 to 10 p. m.
MRS. J. .1 WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant:
sittings. $1; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; >•!><• has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never fails in her diagnosis; send stamp
for circular. 232 Stockton, bet. Post and Geary.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
fails; satisfaction guaranteed: hours. 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-10 p. m.; L. 50c: G. $1. 612 1 ! Eddy st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth Bt.
JOHN SLATER: sittings dally, 10 to 4. 1809
Stockton at., near Greenwich.
MME. HANSON, palmistry. 10c: card reader;
; ast, present, future. Hie, 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
23c; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th St.
MME. MOREAU, the be&t medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MRS C. J. MEYER, 335 McAllister; sittings
dally; test meetings, 10c; circles, 25c; 2, 8 p.m.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. 26c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MRS WEST, trance medium and healer. 1205
Market st., cor. Golden Gate aye.. parlor 14.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewriter,
330 Ellis st.: seance Scottish Hall. Sun. night.
PROF. Gee— Medium; read's. 50c. $l:test circles
Tuea.. Thurs.. Fri . S p. m.. 10c. 1035 Market.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c; daily. 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m. ; Sun., 7to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln st.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 212*4 Sixth St.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Sr"ir st.
, COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages. 6 and i rooms, basement,
yard; fiat, 6 rooms, bath; cheap, 1*76 Fif-
teenth st., near Dolores. __^_
TWO cottages, 4 rooms each, off Folsom st.
rent $S and $10; key at 350 PreclU aye.
Jl3— 6-ROOM pottage; newly papered and paint-
ed: yard: basement. 1108 Filbert st.
FURNISHED COiT.\<il WANTED
WANTED— By gentleman and wife with 2 chil-
dren, to rent small comfortably furnished
cottage with modern conveniences and garden
or yard in good residential neighborhood in
city or suburbs, Oakland or Sausallto; state
terms. Box 222. Call.
DENTISTS.
l^J^l
A— DR~tTs! HIGGIXS 1 dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe ZHnkasd— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use r-f electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from :>oc;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain: plates that fit
from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50
up: teeth without plates a specialty; op^n
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. f>oc; crowns, $3 GO; plates,
full set, $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SO9 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plat.-* nur specialty: gold crowns,
$2 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 DO up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3: received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices; all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market St.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. S graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER Deutscher »ihnai-7t, 6 Turk: lst-clasa
work: prices reas. ; gas; crown & bridge work,
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211, Examiner bldg.;
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. Cth.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking. "Si Geary: drens«-s
made $5 up: dresses made ever; perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres 1 Business College; new
and progressive methods In all branches; the
only school in the city having the right to
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep-
ing: satisfaction guaranteed; catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., 8. F. ;
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy, English
branches. civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new 80-puge catalogue free.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl. ;day and even.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, or. Market.
SPANISH -True, thorough, combined method;
all branches. Prof. J. M. Ruiz, 201 Ash aye.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Fillippe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post; ablest profs.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
Leipsic; lessons 76c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkin St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, gram mar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help: housecleanlng. 421 Post: tele-
phone Main 1956.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Butter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary St. ; tel. Grant 58.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell: tel. East 426.
SAM KEE. 513 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531. '
FIELD'S Employment Agency: help furnished
free. 655 Clny St.: phone Davin £21. • < -'
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse-
girl or assist housework. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Butter st.
-CLASS German cook desires a situation
also a flrst-clasp French cook with best city
references. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
SWEDISH houscglrl; first-class cook and
houseworker; best references. Address or
telephone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
PROFESSIONAL chambermaid wants place;
hotel or rooming house; Al city references;
town or country; $20; no waiting, no wash-
Ing; write first; If to call carfare required.
Box 713, Call office.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer
and bookkeeper in an office; position more of
! an object than wages; first-class references.
Address box 999. Call office.
GERMAN lady wishes position as governess,
lady's maid or seamstress; speaks French,
Italian and a little English. Address box
999, Call office.
TRUSTWORTHY first-class cook; can take
full charge of kitchen; best of references; in-
stitution, hotel, club. A. 8.. care of MRS.
lIOLMBERG, !>23M, Howard st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper. Call between 9 and 12
Golden West Hotel. Ellis st, room 27.
j YOUNG lady or girl of Christian principles at
I companion for elderly lady; small wages;
good home; across the bay. Box 715, Call.
DANISH lady wishes a position as house-
keeper; city or country. Address box 812, Call.
GERMAN woman wishes a position by day
> washing or housecleaning. 168 South Park.
i GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do at J
1 • home. 821 Mission st., room 1. J
EMPLOYMENT "WASTED FEMALE.
A TRAINED male nurse, graduate of Belle-
vue. X. V.. wishes engagement with private
family. Address 330 Eddy st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing.
Ironing or cleaning. Call at 460 Linden aye.
A YOUNG woman wants to go out by the day
washing, ironing or house-cleaning. Please
call or address 638 Folsom St., room 9.
WOMAN wishes to go out washing or ironing
by the day; wages $1 per day and carfare.
31H Dorland st. .:" v.'.
COLORED woman wishes day work or would
take care of child during the day. Address
box 821. Call office.
WOMAN desires to do general housework and
cooking; references; nearly 3 years at last
place. 436 Brannan St.. bet. 3d and 4th.
MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes a posi-
tion as housekeeper: good home more than
_ wages. Box 226. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wants situation as an
Infant's nurse, care of children or laundress;
references. Box 817, Call office.
SITUATION by a first-class cook; 7 years last
place. C. A., box 840, Call office.
MRS. WOLTER, ladles' nurse. Nevada House,
corner Sixth and Natoma sts.
LADY would like a position to work by day;
washing or Ironing. 67 Ivy aye., between Van
Ness and Polk.
NURSERY governess or useful companion;
Swiss lndy; experienced; fluent English.
French (Paris) and German: rudiments of
music: domesticated. Eureka Hotel, cor.
Seventh and Washington sts.. Oakland.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
A YOUNG man of IS would like a position as
assistant clerk in city or country. hotel: good
education and best of references. Box 801,
Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener; understands
the care of lawn,, flowers, vegetables, horses
and cows; very handy and willing; references;
city or country. Box 809. Call.
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener wants
situation; steady, sober and industrious; can
milk; handy with tools; good references. Ad-
dress box 74, Call office. Oakland.
STABLEMAN, reliable, wants position; all-
round man: long experience; city preferred.
Box 709, Call office.
RESPECTABLE man and wife wish positions
to do chamber work and waiting at table.
Box 815, Call.
POSITION as painter wanted by a young ex-
KOldler with an honorable discharge from the
«rmy. FRED RAUSCHER. 223 Mason st.
A YOUNG man of IS wants a position in whole-
sale house or office; rood education and best
of references. Box 1000. Call office.
YOUNG Japanese boy wishes a situation as a
school boy; wages no object. TONOKI, 2 Eu-
reka place, off I>orkln. near Bush.
GOOD barber wants steady situation; city or
country. Box 806, Call office.
A BOY wishes a position in printing office.
Box 90S. Call.
SITUATION as fireman: some knowledge of en-
gines and pumps. Box 804. Call office.
MAX and wife want employment; would take
charge of creamery or work on dairy: can
furnish first-class references. Apply 230
lOamy Ft., room 26. city.
COACHMAN, understands his business thor-
oughly In all brunches; Al references; de-
sires situation as such. Address C. S.. 1022
Jackson Ft.
A FIRST-CLASS gardener, good horseman and
milker, wants position; handy with tools;
best references. Box 225, Call.
A MARRIED man wants work of any kind to
make an honest living; understands teaming.
Address 94S<-» Mission Ft.
HAVE $.",00 to Invest with services; no agents.
Box 824, Call.
GOOD barber (middle-aged) desires evenings.
Saturday and Sunday work. Address
HOWARD. 186 Perry st.
WANTED — Work by reliable young man nt
use and carpet cleaning by the day; $1 50.
HENRY ANDERSEN, 952 Bush St.; telephone
East 963.
WANTED— Situation by first-class bookkeeper;
city references: books experted. Box 841. Call.
YOUNG Irishman wishes situation of some
kind: would like to learn bartending. Box
S3B. Call.
WANTED— Position as assistant carpenter by
steady young man with 1 year's experience.
W. W.. UK Hill St.
GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter: wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 438,
Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has b<^en established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established .-it 1098 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE!.
20 ACRES fruit and walnuts: good buildings;
near Los Angeles; {6600 clear for property
around bay. J. 11. EDSON, 1209 Broadway,
0.-Mancl.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German »xp<rt optician.
1071H Market St.. San Francisco': exnm. f rr \ .
FLATS TO LET.
A— s2o— lll7 SCOTT St.: 6 sunny rooms with
porcelain bath, washtrays. etc.
CLAYTON, 572, south of Frederick— Modern
sunny flat: 5 rooms and bath: cheap.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 j
Montgomery Ft.
HAVES. i".x Fine double flat; 8 rooms and
bath; yard and garden; reduced rent.
LOVELY flat, 6 rooms and bath: yard; rent
reasonable. 3370 Seventeenth st., nr. Guerrero.
794 LYON: brand new lower flat of C rooms and
bath: reduced from $30 to $22 30; must rent. A. I
M. SPECK X, CO.. 667 Market St.. cor. Third.
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat; 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
«>'F\RRELL. 1933-1937— New flats: just com-
pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern: sunny
bay-windows; for 2 families. 417% Third st.
VALLEJO. 1121. near Leavenworth— Flat of 4
rooms; sunny large yard.
WALLER, 220, near Buchanan — A fine sunny
flat: 6 rooms, bath; pleasant location; cheap
r<"nt.
$17 HO— K-ROOM upper flat, with porcelain bath.
641 Castro st., near Nineteenth.
FLATS TO LET— -FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished flat of 8 rooms for sale.
having 4 boarders. 1C36 Sacramento Ft.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting. 10c per yard: linen warp, Be;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined,
r.Oc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO.,
1310-1312 Stockton St.. nr. Broadway.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1151 Market.
V URSITU R E~W A I. Y.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 778 Mission St.. payl
the highest price for your *d-hand furniture.
WANTED— S:.OOO carpets.furniture.etc. : highest
price paid; postal. M. 911 veretein, 1121 Market
HUKIKKs, furs; BTO •
ELECTRIC seal capes. Antrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROUT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny. top floor.
HELP WASTED AGENTS. ;;
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46xf>4 Inches in 6
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Ladies or gents; salary and com.
mission 114 Jones st. '
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— A good buttonhole maker; pay i
wages from $.'-Jl2 week for good hand; also
good finisher on coat?. Call at MIKE'S Tail-
coring Shop, 135 Natoma St.
FIRST-CLASS hands on ladles' tailor skirts
and coats: only best need apply; highest sal- !
arles paid. A. CAILLEAU. 114-116 Kearny.
OPERATOR on coats; one that understands
making linings and plain work preferred
steady work and good pay. 718 Market st.
WANTED— Good finishers on custom coats; j
steady work; good wages. Donohoe building,
room 78.
WANTED— tailoress; good wages; steady
work. 854 Folsom st. ,- •
BOOKBINDERS; experienced girls wanted.
MALLOYE, 422 Sacramento st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT ISS
4 waitresses, same place in country. ?20 each
and fare; 3 waitresses, short distance in
country, $20 each; Waitress, north. $20; 2 wait-
resses, south, ?2n and $2.1 and fare: 2 laun-
dresses, city and country, $20 each: fancy
lroner, short distance in country, see boss
here. $25 and fare; chambermaid city, $18;
2 waitresses, city, $20; cook, institution, $20;
pastry cook. $4u; German saleslady, deli-
catessen store, $6 to $7 week.
"•••• FAMILY ORDERS
» choice places for housegirls, $20 and $2";
f£e° nd girl, Berkeley, $20; French second girl,
J2O. r. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary st.
C 9.?-?V £ oardin £ house, $30; sleep home. MISS
CLLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
Gl ?'J,'- Ij S nt housework, sleep home, $15. MISS
1 : 1.1-l :n. M 25 Sutter st. ,
N I J ? SEI slee P home. $12. MISS CULLEN, 325
G f ßL 'i'iß ht ho " spw °rk, $12; no cooking. MISS
' I I.LXX. ."._':. Sutter st.
GERMAN girl to work in pork store, $10 week;
call early. MISS (TLLEN. 3-5 Sutter St.
WANTED— 2 second glrl6, .across the bay, $20
and found; second girl, $20; German nurse.
$:■>; 1" waitresses, city and country. $20. $25
and $7 a week; 25 girls for housework, city
and country, $20 and $25: ami many others.
3. F. CROSETT & CO, 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— 2 German cooks, no wash. $35; Ger-
man cook, short distance. $."n : cook S°">- sec-
ond girl, $20, same house, short distance in
the country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter fit.
COOK, $30; two cooks, $25 each; cook, inatltu"
tlon, $35; hand laundress, $30; nursegirl $20;
housegtrl. 525; Becond girl, $20; bousegirl. Los
Oatos, $2n; ranch cook. $25; girl to assist in
delicacy store. $15: woman with a child, $15.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
HOTEL Gazette Employment Bureau, 26 Mont-
gomery— 2 waitresses, Reno, New, $20, free
fare, see party here, 10 a. m., and others
MRS. M. E. DAY, Manager.
EXPERIENCED COOk, City reference, required
for family 2 adults; good wages. Apply be-
tween 5 and 7 p. m. at 3346 Washington st.
WANTED — Competent girl to do cooking and
general housework; German or Swedish pre-
ferred. 2123 Pine st
SCANDINAVIAN or German girl for housed
work and assist In store; no family. 112 Sev-
enth st.
EXPERIENCED operators on Bilk waists; good
pay. 7L'3 Market st.. room 85.
WANTED— lmprovers on skirts. FRANCES,
796 Sutter st.
WANTED -Young girls to assist in light house-
work. FRANCES, 796 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED finisher on Jackets. LOEW-
_ENTHAL'S, '.'l4 Market st.
MILLINERY trinn. rs and makers wanted.
MRS. E. LYNCH, 1003 Market st.
WANTED Girl to do light housework and
mind children; $8. in Perry st.
WANTED- A young Kir! about 15 that can sew.
9 to 10 a. in., 227 Geary st., in basement.
, ERRAND Bin for millinery store. 211 Sutter
street.
NICE German girl to help in baker store; sleep
home. 1205 Polk st.
YOUNG Kirl to take rare of a child one year
old; sleep home. 1205 Polk st.
GIRL to assist with with housework; sleep
home. 1219 Webster Bt.
WANTED Experienced hands on silk and
woolen waists. S. F. Mfg. Co., 4^9A Turk st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers to take work borne. H.
FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell Bt.
EXPERIENCED operators on skirts and capes;
good ,iay. MEYER BROS., 7 and 9 Battery.
WANTED— A woman to do house cleaning. SOW
Eighteenth st.
WANTED— Neat young girl for housework Im-
mediately at 22415 Sutter st., near Scott.
APPRENTICES, finishers and buttonhole mak-
ers wanted on custom work. 609 Kearny, r. 2.
YOUNG girl for li K ht housework. Call after
12, 12S Olive aye.
ACCORDION pleating factory; nil kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Mo ffatt.
GIRL for light housework; 2 in family. Apply
in the morning, L".'4 Broderick Bt.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at Park Hotel, 1830
Halght st.
WANTED— German girl to assist in general
housework. 41^ lirannan st.. near Third.
PHOTOGRAPHY— A young lady for show mom
and negative retouching. Hox 80S, Call office.
WANTED— Three extra waitresses and one
Ht.-.-i.iy. 61 8 Seventh st.
GIRL to assist with housework; plain wash-
Ing; wages $12. 1512 Bush st., near Van Xcss.
WANTED 3 waitresses for restaurant. 175
Fourth st.
YOUNG Kirl to help mind baby; small girl
would suit; Bleep home. S'J3 Larkln st.
SEVERAL ladles who want to make money at
home. 47'J'7 Tliirtrenth st., Oakland.
GIRL try take care of child l l^ years old and
assist in housework. 803 Golden Gate aye.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. S2'4 Fremont St.,
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chirp« find will take in several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gouth and Grove Bts.
GIRT, for housework; wages $12. 952 Pine st.
A GOOD finisher on pants; good wages. 809
Kearny st.. room l.
1 GIRL or woman for lirht housework. Apply
66 .Toost aye., Sunnyside.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. S.'.S How-
ard st.. bet. 4th and sth; over handball court.
NVRSEOIRL wanted. Apply 71S Market st.
TAII.oRESS as pants finisher .'.'-., Kearny St.,
room IS.
j GOOD finishers and experienced apprentice girl
on custom coat?. 126 Russ st.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress wanted. BOWHAY.
Rl6 Sutter st.
GOOD coat finisher; also buttonhole maker. 135
Nntonia st.
WANTED— 3 or 4 energetic ladles; good pay.
[ 114 Jones st.
GIRLS to learn plove making and experienced
operators on French overstltch. 121 Grant ay.
WANTED— Experienced Ironerg at U. S. Laun-
dry, Sixteenth and Valencia sta.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, nrtlstlc course. 103 Post St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open til! 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
..................... wanted rrrrrrrr.
Cook and wife for small mine, $.".0 per month;
good steady place the year round. W. D.
KWKR & Co.. 610 Clny st.
WANTED— 4 more men to handle grain on
large grain ranch, $1 50 per day ana board;
4 men to run gang plows, $1 to $1 25 per day
and board: 3 farmers, near city, $26 and
board; milkers, $30: 2 laborer;, for mine, $26
and board; driver for milk route in city, $35
per month and found, and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED
Buggy washer and harness clenner for nice
small city stable, $3S and found: cook, small
country hotel, near city, $40 and free fare.
W. D. EWER .<- CO.. 610 Clny st.
WANTED— Neat young German for housework
in small private family In city, $15 to $20 per
month and found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610
Clay st.
HARNESS maker. $35 and found; 5 quarrymen.
$2; S scraper teamsters; 3 laborers, $1 25 and
found: boy for restaurant, $3 week and found
FIELDS. 655 Clay St.
' WANTED— Young man, 16 to IS years old,
graduate commercial hiph school, for pro-
duce house. Box 80S, Call jffiee.
WANTED— Boy, 15 to 1!» years old, for light
servi'-es; references. Apply Hotel Baltimore,
Van Ness aye. and Geary tt.
WANTED— RetaiI salesman; familiar witlT the
grocery business; give references, experience
and wages expected. Box 710. Call office.
BRIGHT boy about 16 years of age; must be
quick at figures. Address in own handwrlt-
Ing. stating experience. Box 711, Call office.
■ YOUNG man to drive wagon and attend to
j routes. STOLLE Inc. Gaslight Co., 722 Valen-
| cia st., 8-9 a. m.
j BARBERS— Shop in good country town fnr sale
cheap; shaving 25c. DECKELMAN BROS
Barbers' Supplies, 106 Ellis St.
| BOY who understands distributing type. WIII
I COX ft Co.. IM Battery ?t.
ERRAND boy wanted. LEVISON PRINTING
CO., .'l4 Sacramento st.
CANDY and icecream maker for country; state
expected. Box SO7, Call office.
WAITER or waitress at Manhattan House, 8K
Battery st.
BARBERS— Good paying 15-cent shop at a bar-
gain. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY."I...I ) HI'XK MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents..... ■
Want to-day, from 7 a. m.. HELP FOR ARI-
ZONA, UTAH. WASHINGTON, OREGON.
BRITISH COLUMBIA AND ALL PARTb O*
CALIFORNIA •••"•■;
harnessmaker for ranch bench hand
wheelwright, country shop wood turner
band sawyer shoemakers s'.ato splitters
lather sash and door maker — block maker
fhinglp packer... Iron molder.. .. granite cutter
18 50. $3. $2 50 day COME AND SEE
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 836 Clay St.
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
9 carpenters, steady Job, sawmill company, li
per day: 2 carpenters, city, $2 50 day: 7 black-
smith's helpers. $50. $45, $30 and found. MLR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 626 Clay st.
5~g61d MiNE5TTTr. 7.7777777. 6 silver mines
IS OTHER MINES
12 miners, machine drills, gold .J73
16 miners, single hand drills, silver .$6O tound
62 laborers, no experience required, $ji per
month. Including board and lodging .. ;
23 laborerß. you will suit, fare S3 ...?B3 ,
16 laborers, you will suit, fare $2 o0 152 50
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 50.. 540 lound
GREAT CROWDS. .MURRAY & READY. i
GOING DAILY 634 and 636 Clay st. j
FARMS DAIRIES STABLES
26 plow teamsters *SO, $2« and found
58 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
steady Jobs $30, $26. $25. $20 and fd
12 milkers *30, $25 find found
12 chore m»n and boys $20, $15. $10 and id :
12 stablemen, bnegy washers, hostlers, etc.. ,
$50 $45 $40 $35 $30, Si", and tound; 3 farmers >
and wives and milkers and wives, $40. $35 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
WE PAY YOUR FARES !
TO 38 SAWMILLS, ETC |
NO EXPERIENCE WANTED
....IP? MEN FOR 60 DIFFERENT J085....
..FROM LABORERS TO RUN MACHINES..
Wages from $26 to $40 and found |
....Also lumber pik-rs. crosscut sawyers
Tree felWs, bark peeWs, jackscrewers
wnodsmf-n znrt millni.'n of every description,
?SO. *7.', J65. $50, $45, $40, $80, and found; wood-
choppers, tiemakf-rs. shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds
WE PAY MURRAY & READY.
YOUR FARES 634 and 636 Clay st.^
WE SHIP YOU FREE I
CROWDS GOING DAILY <
TO EVERY RAII.P.OAD BUT ONE I ■
I 'nllers, laborers. ti-amstnrF. stonemasons, etc., j
$:t r.O day, board and lodging $4 50 weekly. :
MURRAY & READY WE DON'T SHII'
634 and 836 Clay 5t....\...T0 COAST R. R.
BIG WAGES i
26 laborers, inside work $2 to $2 75 day j
16 laborers, fare fiOc $<S0
12 quarrymen, country $M)
SPECIAL TO-DAY
lf'7 laborers ard teamsters for city and I
country Jobs, $3, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day; some by i
the day, others factories, etc
MURRAY & HEADY. 634 and 63fi Clay st
COOKS WAITERS BA KERS. ET( '.
18 cooks, also second and third !
$55, $45. $4C, $30 and found |
It waiters $30. $25, $20 and found ;
32 dishwashers $25, $20, $15 and foun4
5 porters, $20 and found hotel bakers, $-10 j
4 bakers, first, second and third hands
$40, $35, $25 and found
nicht steward 5 laundrymen
bedmakers 2 barbers $50.
MURRAY & READY. fi34 and 63G Clay st
FOR A MIKE SEE BOSS HERE
First cook. $60; 2 dlshawshers. $25. MURRAY.
«<■ READY, C 34 and 636 Clay st.
HEAD and second cook, country hotel, $100; .
s>-""nd cook, restaurant, $60; broiler, ?4. r , ; ■
baker, hotel, $40; 2 cooks, $10 and $12 a week:
Becond cook, restaurant, $10; 6 waiters. $25
and $30; baker's helper, $25; dishwashers,
vegetablemen and kitchen hjn.is, *::», $2", and !
8 bellboys, $15. $17 50 and $20. C. It. |
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
COLORED head waiter, first-class hotel, $60. !
C. K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. '■
RAILROAD laborers and teamsters, $2 a day. I
:•••• fare; laborers, city ami country. $2 a !
day; laborers for a quarry. $2 a day: 6 far/n- I
ers, different ranches, $20 and found; 4
milkers, $-5: woodsmen. $26 to $35 and found, j
see boss here; woodchoppers, $2 a cord. C. '
R HANSEN & CO.. 1(4 Geary st.
WANTKP iv, k and wife, country hotel, $90 to '
?K«>; hotel klt.-h»n crew, $300; baker for mm- i
ers 1 boarding house, $40: second cook, hotel, I
$40; third cook, lun<'h house. $35; bakers' help- |
irs. Js week; dishwashers and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Bacramento st.
WANTED— 3 farmers and wives, $30, $35 and!
545; farmers, $20 and $2G; machinist for coun-
try, $2 50 day; 12 miners, $2 50 day; stableman, i
$35 and $50: house painter, S3 day; paper hang-
er, $3 50 day; shingle sawyer, $45; shingle
packer; butcher boy; laborers for quarry, $2 i
day; 8 laborers for country. $1 25 day and
board, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., '
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED- Tailor. BROWN BROS. & CO.,
121 and 123 Sansome st.
WANTED— Good shoemaker. S Twenty-ninth
street.
<;KT your shoes half-soled while waiting: 2."c |
to 60c. 562 Mission st.. b"t. Ist and 2<i sts. :
FIRST-CLASS bushelman. San Jose Woolen!
Mills, 523 Market st , room 3, 12 to 1 o'clock. I
WANTED— Boy speaking Italian and French. |
The Ceylon Tea and Coffee Co.. 1143 Market.
WANTED— Baker; second hand on bread and
cake. Apply 1529 Polk st.
COATMAKER and generai tailor for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests. Call room
111. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy st.
EOO PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— IO men and boys for parade. Apply
at 8 a. m. Thursday, at 31S O'Farrell st.
BOY wanted, 15 to 17, $25 per month. 655 Clay
street.
WANTED -An experienced crockery packer.
Apply at 52 Mmk- I Bt.
GOOD dishwasher at 637 Clay st
WANTED— 3 extra waiters and 1 steady. 60S
Seventh st.
WANTED— Gardener. Call at 1211 Polk st.
BOY for printing office. Apply P. BOULIN,
Filbert st.
BARBERS wanted; 6 flrst-class men; new
shop. 1205 Market St., near Eighth.
WANTED— Young German to drive bakery!
\\;ipon. 1510 Turk Kt. j
WANTED— Shampooer. Dr. Loryea's Post-st.
Hammam Baths.
STRONO boy wanted; $6. 174 Townsend st.
STRONG boy or young man with experience to j
help In cake bakery. 911 Larkin Bt.
WANTED— A good shoemaker on repairing, j
Apply at 703 Van Ness aye.
____ .
COOK wanted at 608 Sixth st. I
BOY to make himself generally useful. Ad-
dreap Druggist, box 724, Call.
BARBERS' Protective Union— Members will !
meet at their hall on THURSDAY NIGHT at
8:30 o'clock sharp for the transaction of im-
portant business. By order
WILL BARON, President.
OYSTER and chophouse cook; must be able
to open oysters; Greek or Slavonian pre-
ferred: wages $30; room and board. Inquire
at THE LOUVRE, San Rafael.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Rcr.o House proprietor, still
runi Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large i
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Two energetic men: good proposi-
tion. Apply at 22 Post Ft. from 7:30 to 8 a.m.
OPERATOR on coats: one that understands I
making linings and plain work preferred; !
steady work and good pay. 718 Market st.
PAINTER or young man who has done house
1 aiming. Call at S76S Twenty-fourth st., near
Church.
FIRST-CLASS crayon and water color artist.
Apply 21 Powell, room 36.
WANTED — An enterprising, steady man or |
woman: well-paying, genteel business; must;
ha\p *■:><•< A'i.lr.'ss I). M., f.L'> Grove st
WANTED— Young men to collect and solicit.
3 Taylor it.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply I
at 11 a. m. at the Ptevcnson-st. entrance. |
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED— A young man with large circle of
acquaintances as salesman In piano house.
Box £29. Call office.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 16c breakfast,
dinner or Hupper; best In city. 406 McAllister
et., near Polk.
FIRST-CLASS tailors wanted. BOWHAY, 516 j
Putter st. j
BARBERS— Good 3-chalr shop; C 65; cause, sick- ■
ness; bargain worth Investigating. BER-
NARD, 104 Seventh st. !
TO tailors — First-class coat and trousers I
makers wanted. Apply at 40S Konrny st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal I
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ, j
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs, j
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices.
$1 week N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
FIVE good hustlers, not afraid to work; good
pay to rlcht men; salary. 200 Post st.
PENSIONS-J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bld^-. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seAmen for coai>t and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 2C Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard: rend. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
- - ?= I
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice: expert instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
,-vll nr write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 685 Clay st.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trad-
in 6 weeks; expert instructions; Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. MA Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted as a part-
ner to go Into business: good opportunity for
the right man. Box 7OT. call offlce.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
■bus and baggage to and trom the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at X -^ 9
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc For Sale
REGULAR weekly auction sale TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde bale Stables. 1517-
-1519 •Mission St.. between Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound, well-broke joun,-
horses lust from the country; we will ba
pleased to hitch and show the above stock
in harness any time up to day or sale 8.
W.ATKIXS & CO., auctioneers. N. B.— Sales
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m.
<0 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Handsome trotting mare, with trot-
ting buggy and harness; complete; suitable
for gentleman's use. Apply at 1011 Sutter st.
FINE span strawberry colored horses; age 6
years; suitable for light delivery work; 1
mcnth from ranch. 15 City Hall square.
tO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR sale — number of work, road and busi-
ness horses. Tomkinson's Livery Stable. 57
Minna st.. b?t. First and Second.
HOUSES — LODGING — SALE.
$1300— 30- ROOM house; finely furnished; all
rented; on Market; central. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
IF you wish to buy a lodging house, 100 of the
best bargains in city. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$3000— House of 16 rooms, 12 furnished; pays
from $70 to $75 a month: or will rent for $30
to responsible party. 113 Trenton St., bet.
Pacific and Jackson, Stockton and Powell sts.
12 FURNISHED rooms on Third st. : $330: cause
sickness. COWING & CO.. __ Market st.
BUSH, 421— Furnished house: 4S rooms; gas and
water every room; a bargain; $550.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. ' G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
ELEGANT corner residence. Pacific Heights,
containing large parlor, reception hall, 5 bed-
rooms billiard room, servant rooms, large
grounds etc., including all carpets, draperies
and billiard table. Full particulars, MADI-
SON & BURKE.
FURNISHED or unfurnished house containing
8 rooms and bath; large yard; modern; 201 j
San Antonic aye., near Chestnut st. station,
A lambda; rent cheap. Apply MADISON .*
BURKE. _____
$12 50—11 SUNNY rooms, bath; barn: garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block: 40 minutes from city. Inquire
Wit HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
REDUCED to ?48; 9-room lodging house; 313»4
O'Farrell. Apply 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE. 6 rooms: renovated throughout; bath,
hot and cold water: }IS. 333 Jessie st. s
HOUSE of 10 rooms'; large garden and stable.
4 C,,li|in;-v. , j St.
LOST J .\D POUND.
LOST^4~pTlmr~Tuesday. on Ellis, near Loav-
enworth, black cocker spaniel (male puppy);
padlock collar. Liberal reward at 430 Ellis.
LOST— GoId buckle and locket watch fob; lib-
eral reward. 66 Mission St.
LOST— and tan Dachshund pup, 4 months
old. Reward at 817 Market st.
LOST, Sunday night Pocketbook; 2 rings piece
of shroud; hair relics; reward. 32 Fell st.
LOST— Sunday, mosaic brooch; gift from de-
ceased friend. Return to 532 Jessie st.
LOST— Black spotted coach dog; 10 months old;
license No. 2537; reward. 1505 ! " .Isom st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ELIZABETH SAUL, No 190-OSS. The
finder will please return to bank.
MONEY to loan: quick; all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St.. betweea
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5, 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND)
MRS. WEGENER. phone Pine 2781; residence.
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market st., has returned from Eu-
rope and is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 51»
Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
HOME in confinement: treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 31S Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. Dr! DA VIES, ladies' physician. 1228
Market ft., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MIXES AND MIXING.
DRIFT gravel mines and partly developed
quartz mines for sale nt low figures; may be
paid for out of proceeds; purchaser may deal
with owner direct; also placer ground open
to location. W. F. ARAM. Mills building.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Sth
floor. Mill? building. S. F. : tel. Main £44.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-J97 Fremont »t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
Et.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, .sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission. st.
EXCELLENT oil painting in the nude, 5Ux7;
suitable for saloon; cheap. 309 Noe st.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
SAFES— New and second 'or banks, merchants
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults etc. 'The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market st., S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S R
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St., tel. Main 5056.' v
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento St.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats $1 75 Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny at., near Pine.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
g HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
FOR sale— Two oak cabinet-maker's benches:
cheap 1823 Fifteenth at.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sala
cneap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. 648 Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission!
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.; gas ens.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. $2 75; fine suit $10 MISFIT
CLOTHTNG PARLORS, m Montgomery st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Irish setter hunting dog; small I n -
f erred: well trained; state price and where
may be seen. Address box 225. Call office.
WA . N JF D ~ To hlre ' m Brst-class scraper teams
W 'V? harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
A ~^? . es , °, r gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold: tel. Mint 937. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
ONE second-hand cabinetmakers' bench. 60
Morris aye.
OLD gold gold dust, platinum and silver
oougnt. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount of furniture, pianos, without re-
movai, or any other good *«curity; payable
tack in installments cr as a whole; if you
ewe. a balance on the purchase price we will
ray It and carry the loan s» long as you d?-
t;re; avoid red tape ar.d publicity; se is first;
you will te waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-gj Donohoe bMir, 1170 Market st.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; :.- 1 2d ar.d 3d mort-
fc-ages. undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgagee and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business else-
•where. P.. McCOLGAN. Zi Montgomery, r. 3.
ANY amour.t by private party en furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; conf.dcntial.
BONELLI. Conse— .-atory b'.dg.. 130 Powell st.
LOANS en furr.iture or pianos in 8. F.. Oak-
land cr Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission.: no delayi J.
NOONAN. 1017 to lOCS Mission Bt., above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY proposition; any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortEagos, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential: advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 15, first floor. Chronicle b'dg.
AVOID delays; try all other*, then see me:s'oto
$*.OO.OO'V 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
l,-aj;e!«;estates in probate, undivided interests in
eetatea l«-g:ic!'*s and mortgages boueht: advice
and money furr.ished. P. A. Dolan. CCS Markt.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances en diamonds ■.-.'. Jew-
elry at the !ow»st rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. $4* Market st.; telephone Main 1544;
trench 19 Third ?t.
ON real estate, Ist cr 2nd mortgages, and or.
furr.iture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 25 Montgomery st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indors-r: also en diamonds, wa'ches and
jewelry. MORRELL. 69 Examiner building.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 21X> California b_; room 7.
LOANS on 'urr.iture. pianos. Jswelry.stock: low
rat-s J. H. EDSON. 1*59 Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
rr.cr.Js. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
(50 TO $£0,000; lowest rates: Ist and 2d rr.crtg?.:
any rr^pcsitlon. DKYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
c-OTrirr.'.ss-lcr:; private. LICK. Ul McAllister st.
MONKY I?ar.e3 salaried people on their nrtes
■without inclorser. TOUSLEY. 5P2 Parrot t big.
IF your property Is mort-atred and you need
■-■■-.-■'•■ <"?■'' Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright p:a~:s fcr ii
cash ar. j $0 per month, we ask you to investl-
pate and approve this method; prices are the
f.-.r.ie a.i If purchased tor all cash; t.arja'.r.s
•:-. pr-oi se vrvi-hand uprights upon same ea?y
payments a:-.! so:r.e rood pinr.es for «3. 54 ana
$5 per month: SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO..
Stelnwiv TS^alers, corner Kearny and Sutter
;-ts.. Pa"n Francisco, aci Thirteenth a_l
Broadway. Oakland. ______________
A FEW bargains fcr this week.
Three organs, $50 up.
Ftoinway u;;rLg!st: f.rs-t-c'.ass ccnllt.cn.
Steck; nearly new; walnut case.
: wjuares. $40 up: S4 per month._ -■- ■
Four rew Webers: reasonable cr»»r Bcceptei
____ '^^ '*•
'■ SOLUTELY the eldest ar.i largest house
v=r of Chicaeo Is KOHLER & CHASE'?
r - _ and 30 O'Farrell s!.: ; iar.os. organs and
<-:V'T rr.-J-Mcal instruments c! all grades
.";:'.j p r j C e's: terms easy; prices '.owes:: every-
thing 1 EsiWe done to please and satisfy ths
. istcnier.
DECKER & SON piar.es are always best to
At MAUVAIS'; 769 Market st.
■0 •*ISO* ! JITI.**2OQ cr J "' C: W I LL P a s' lor a good
st MAUVAIS'. 7G9 Market st., if you
buy now.
LMvGE church cr;sn used a: Mechanics' Fair;
a 1 arcain. BYRON MAUZY. S'-S Post ft.
FI\NOS: great barcair.s; 523, $30. Hj, 500. $2:0.
11S14 Mission rt._
A FINE Stelnway v; right left by private party;
sacrificed. Room ;2. Flood building.
UARGAIN-GoeJ upright: cheap. SCHMITZ, IS
McAllister st.. next Hibern'.a Bank.
A— UPRIGHT? 56* up: installments. $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up 1 allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
V.' c; BADGER. 412 Sacra— lento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett - Davis pian-s.
A— s_'trPßlGHT* piano 'la; fine 'condition: also
the famous Hornung Bros. 2iC McAllister st.
CHKAP Steinway upright; a.so the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 2!" McAllister st.
SOHiIER, Byrca Mauzy an_ ether pianos. K-S
PC?t st.
KNABE plar.es; new scale: new styles. KOH-
I.ETi .v CHASE. 30 OFarrell st.
BVPERIOR violins, ilthers, cli ani new. H.
MVT.LKR. —«.:,v.-r. r'Mlr^r. - L^thq— rlac".
OFFICES AXD STORE! LET.
FOR rtr.t — Ivan?e ■ c-ment-floore_ base— lent,
snitable for wir.e vauit. Address box 7H. Call.
PACIFIC. E24 — Handsome iarge store; cheap to
good tenant.
FOR r-n: or for lea«"e, 533 Howard St., large
st< re and larce concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary zi., above Jones: cl.ir-s-^;
office hours, 1 to - ;■. m.; reading by m_.!i. $:.
PERSONALS.
MRS. FONTAINE'S manicure parlor-; open
:rcm 10 to 12 ar.d 1 to S p. m. S26A Kills st.
RAG carpets wore to order and for sale; also
cher.! He-wove rugs, silk portieres; d»a>r !n
carpet twine, in h3rik cr chain, at lowest
jrates. GEO. MATTHEW?. 70T- Fifth. Oakland..
ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy B«nii 10c
aforlategt ...... MRP. HERTZ,. 70a 'Ellis st.
HIRSUTIXE '"•">., hair fpecial!ft>. grow hair
• a pay; booh for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
ELAUGHTER In unredeemed pl-dg^-s. j»-we!ry.
clothlr.^ •• . for amount loan-?'! an.l Inter-
"l"T it.'.TE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
LKIJEHKRF QUINTONICA h.i!r Tnnlc: a row-
t-rful nourishment to weak and ImpoTerished
hair; 2~z bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
IMPORTED HAIR styles halrdressingT 2icT
shampooing. Z<v; sliort hair. 2-% c: restoring
gray hair to natural color. $1 w> to $*•: blcach-
irc roots oi hair. G. LEI>ERER, 12.! Stkn.
JOHN~L. BOONE. Patent Trad»mark
Attorney at I~w. and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
Snn Francisco. Cal. American an-1 Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT cf f:r.po r te3 and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order. $10 7".; pants. $3 73:
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market st.. under t-t. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC IsMs in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Thirl St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 £0 to li per week;
free 'tvs and harpage to and from the ferry.
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition »t
Pa'a'-e ol Art, 16 Past St. Ladies with escorts
admKt*. from £:30 p. ca. to 11: JO p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.
DR C A. McQUESTEN hag returned and re-
Bomed prp-ctice. Office. 317 Powell st.
A. KI.EIN buy* clothins. bric-a-brac. tools
er.i old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth st.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
_ord«r. ETTIXGER'S. 723 Market st.
ANTIQUE ar.d curiosity Fhop; goods b-ragbt.
Fold, eichancd. It'j Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
__RS.I_J.~TH___OCK has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Isom 445.
PAINTING »r.-1 paper hanging: rooms papered,
?- :■''■■ -!-•_ JEj^EN & BATH. SOS Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION-New inyer.tlcn for china dec-
oraton. See S. R. CHURCH. £07 Sar.some st.
••HALL-HEARING" sewing machine?: no frlc-
tim. WMte Sowlr.g Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
MME, LOUISETS manicure parlor has removed
from O Farr^ll to 122 Eddy ?t.
MILE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lor?, 23^ .Kearny St.. first fl.Tor. rooms 2-S.
LACHMAN & CO.. m frs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 1&4 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 1."7 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordln. £14 Pine, ah Krny.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., b»t. 7th and sth.
WANTED— OI.S gold for manufa'ne. O. Volte.
Jeweler. 54i O'Farrell, bet. Powell _ Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt Fervice; country orders our specialty;
reta!«-(r_e free. Cal. mera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AM) SIRGEO\S.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
:(-;:'■» Market st.. bet. Sixth nr. 1 Seventh.
PROPERTY WASTED.
SMALL ranch wanted; must be reasonable.
Enx 70S. Cal! office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
FOR salo— 4o2 San Jos» aye., house of 7 rooms
ns good as new; all modern Improvements: lot
2i_lCo price $2C«O. See owner, 7Gj San Jose aye.
LOT near Golden Gate Park for one-half its
va!u». COWING &££>■. _3 Market St.
NEW house; must be removed account Santa
Fe railroad depot. 21 Bryant st., near Main.
CHICKEN ranch on Pan Bruno road; * : 00. Ap-
ply to MRS. GRAVES, opp. -.:;lle House.
REAL ESTATE — — FOR SALE.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER.
ROOM A, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to $fPO- Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
j enth to Nineteenth av--s., ready to build
I on; $23 down, $10 monthly.
! Branch Ofßc. Ninth aye., near H st. Every
Cay and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lot!. $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots, $1 monthly. .
j $100 to $250— Mission st. and Ocean View lots.
! $5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
6OL GETZ g o gff>™ OCgE H BUILDING, ,
h^-^^O^LVfgsTMKNTS.
I $i3,0-^_Grand investment; vicinity of Mason
• «t.; rents $402.
i $30,000-Stores and 12 Cats; rents $300: lot RX
1 1S $14^«*-Geary Bfc, near Mason; store and
I 1O $_; r s.>)~ML'on st.. not far from Geary; 35-
I'mOOO^-Three elegant flats of 1 rooms >ach;
j ren's Ji_: Bait water; r.ear Geary St.; down
! ' Ow j?\no_v»w fiat*' very fine: rents $*".
! Irio^^rket'^ Cats^ lot 30 feet front; a
I sr j-ff,\_Three grand new Cats: rents $80; near j
i:I- « ' -■■''• rwted. $43. !
U : :t« J45.
i $4;;»~i'jrk *t.: Z flats and stable; reduced
! f: HSiy a 7 l^o^hou 9 e; lot CC-xlvO feet; nice
. : BTOunds; rent $"io 50.
: $2000— Two flats: rents lIS.
J> : v-i-ozv r— v cot'ase: Urge let. * CO.'S. 667
,' oJhe7ba?galn3 at A M. SPECK _ CO.'S, 657
1 Market st. ,
• STORAGE ON RAILROAD TRACKS.
: LARGE WAREHOUSE
TO RENT.
KING. BERRY AND SIXTH STS.
L--t '7~x"T3 feet: building Is 273x150 la size,
; an _ S pur double track? from King st. run Into
rear of warehouse; will fix up or alter ware-
house to suit tenant: will rent as a whole or
in Mz'*^ **> -Uit.
THOMAS MAGEE & SON 3,
Real Estate Agents, 5 Montgomery st.
■ xew CORNER FLATS -
$4SOOi RENT $543 A YEAR
: $1003 CASH, UAL. MONTHLY
Five and r.lr.e rooms each, with all modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
T— entieth and Castro sts.
. « COTTAGES, Nineteenth St.. $-200: (-room cot-
tat:*. Eighteenth st., $2500; modem cottage.
i ?;;■.'. good location. tan-American, 34
IF yon have lets north of Golden Gate Park,
', w--st o! First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$ISOO— SI4 per mont I rooms, 3-foot basement,
tarn, stalls for 1 horses; lot 10 by 114 feet.
Particulars 40? Thirtieth St.
FOR sale — Business property en Howard st.,
rear Fourth; renting for $130 per month. See
Bete Drue Company. Alameda.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
■ V3OOO BUYS €2 acres choice Santa Crux County
I land; free from stones: all fenced and CUltl-
| vated: it is excellent for appies ar.d ether
i fruits; Fchooihouse. railroad station and ware-
house across the street: cr.ly H miie to bay
i ar.d ccean surf driveway: a fine spring and
I unpretentious hcrne ?.ni barn included: fur-
I there particlars on application. R. J. MONT-
-1 GOMERY. 470 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
! TO leaFe— Cor.tra Costa County, on San Pablo
Creek. 5 miles frcm Berkeley. 1160 acres; well
watered, wc-oded: 2."-0 acres good grain land;
baiar.ee excellent rapture; table milk cr
stock ranch; railroad : acuities. In person
R E. ROWLAND. Orlnda. Park.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
1 .^_—^ .
; CLAY. 24-1. in rear, rear F:l!more — 2 unfur-
| nished upper rooms: v.ater: rent $7.
i CLARA, IW, near sth— 2 furr.ished rooms; $6;
j 1. 2 or 3 unfurnished room?.
; FIFTH, 34 s — Pulre of rocms furnished complete
for housekeplng; rent cheap.
i FIFTH. SC3— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
| neotirg. £13: also single. $5 to 57.
■ GEAHY. 022— 2 larre sunny front rooms; large
yard: grcjr*d floor; fcr housekeeping.
I JACKSOX, ?:0, near Mason— Furr.ished large
' sunny housekeeping rooms. $7 to $?: single, i 4.
JE??IE. 474. r.esr Sixth — 2 frcnt and back
h^usc-keTin^ rooms.
! KEARXY. 2'A— Sineie rooms, sunny front and
: hou^ekeep'r.ff rocms.
LEWIS. 1?, off Taylor, near Pest— 3 furnished
rooms; unstairs: $14.
! MARTHA place, 2. off Geary, nr. Taylor— 2 fur-
r.'.shrd rooms for housekeeping-.
'. OAK. 115— Elegant newly furnished rooms for
lipht housekeeping: bath; private.
1 O'FARRELL. 314 A —Nicely furn. rooms; com-
plrte for housekeeping: telephone Black 1239.
I"OST. 2'"7— 3 rooms; furnished for housekeep-
ing, modem improvements; $12 50.
SCOTT. 1210 — nicely furnished rooms; bath;
kltch»n: gas range.
SIXTH. !?•— Furnished rooms. $0 and •■■'. also
: suite; privilege of light housekeeping.
TENTH. 135 — Front room for housekeeping;
stor»; running water.
' THIRD. 31^Housekeepin8f rooms, $1 73 and %i
i a week.
; TWELFTH, 49 — Large sunny front lite for
housekeeping, $10.
VAN NESS. Sl?— Sunny unfurn. rooms or furn.
to suit bousekpff.; running water: gap, bath.
I VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping: also single rooms.
2 FRONT sunny rooms, suitable for house-
; keeping. Sir. Franklin st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
'■ subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- !
1 tuckv sts. Open till '.' p. m.
j _ 1
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ]
! subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- i
lencta st.
I ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and [nfnro.
'. AN up-to-date new fire-proof building— "San !
Antonio"; opening Oct 14; electric elevator; i
j hot and cold water: radiatora and ccal grates: j
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor si near Market, j
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms j
: 25c to $1 per night; $1 2S to S3 per week, and !
light housekeeping; open ail night. I
'AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
: Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
I bath; rooms COc to $1 £0 day. MRS. J. KING. :
i BOHEMIA, 233 Post— Sunny corner suits and '
j Eingle rooms; all conveniences; gentlemen i
I and families: elevator; special rates to tray- I
1 cling men. —
BURNETT. 1426 Market (eld No. 1364)— Fu- |
1 nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
I CARROI-TON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
j aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. ms. & offices.
1 CLIFFORD, EM Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly !
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 10« (Golden State House)— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms, 50c per day up; $1 50 j
to $6 per week; centrally located.
j EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat ;
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night. I
1 ELLIS. 321 (Rc*e>!ale House)— Nice rooms, 2Sc
! a night. $1 a week up; reading room.
j UEARY. 405 'The Navarre) — Comfortable furn.
I rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
i GEARY, K.5 — Elejrant sunny front and baric 1
parlor; piano; phone; housekeeping; other 1
rooms.
_..
GEARY, 735— Neatly furnlphed room; bath; $5.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
ami Mission sts.— Sur.ny rooms, en suite or '
single; ladles' parlor, reading room; elevator. J
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission-Select family
rooming hous«s; $1 50 to H per week.
! HAWTHORNE. 172. near Harrison— Pleasant
I sunny room; board optional; reasonable.
1 — '
I HOWARD. 715—2,0 nur.ny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES House. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
I 2cc to DOc per night; $1 JO to $3 per week.
HYDE, f— Two nice unfurnished rooms; sunny;
desirable location; prices reasonable.
HYDE. 13. near McAllister— Newly fumlsn*d
sunny rooms; best location; prices reasonable. i
LARKIN, •■4— Sunny single room, neatly fur-
nlshed. $4.
LOCUST aye.. 103V4. r.ear Polk— front
room. 2 closets, suitable for one or two gen-
tlemen; $5 and IS.
MCALLISTER, 615— Nice sunny newly fur-
Dished roorw; gas, bath, running water;
j transient.
] MCALLISTER, 7C2^j— Sunny furnished or un-
I furnished roemp; suite or slr.gie; private fam.
j MINNA. 2S — Sunny furnished single rooms, 75c
an: $1 per week.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
■window room; $1 per week: transient.
"NEWPORT." 21 Frankilr., nr. Market— Large
t buy-win, rms. and tingle. $5 up, _leo hkpg. ,
THE SAX TRAIN CISCO CALL. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 19. 1899.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Cnfarn.
OAK. SSs— Nicely furnished sunny room; pri- '
vate family; gas; bath; cheap.
O'FARRELL. Sl4A— Nicely furnished rooms,
single or en suite; telephone Black 1239.
O'FARRELL. 416— Nice sunny rooms; good lo-
cation; quiet house; prices reasonable.
SECOND. BOS— Laree front and small room;
grate, bath; suitable for two or more.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
PUTTER. 1111— Comfortably furnished suites; !
also housekeeping rooms; terms reasonable.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— good rooming house
ft-r good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD. BC3— Housekeeping rocms, $2 per week;
also single rooms for men; $1 per week.
TURK. 529— Two sunny rooms, to and $7; run-
ning water; Use of bath.
A BRANCH ofSce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at tha j
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky st*. Open till 9 p. m. 1
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S4 Va-
lencia ct.
- ■ — —
ROOMS "WANTED.
! UNFURN. hskpg. for father ar.d girl of 5 and
care of child during parent's absence: 10 niin- '
utes from Call building. Box 712. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest ■ •-- 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake st. has received the
following orphans and half orphan girls tram
July 1 to October 1, 189»: Frances O. Mo-
Kewen, aged 9 years; Leila Marion G. K"y»s.
aged 10 years; Grace Beaver, aged 7 years;
Doris Eugenia Wright, aged 12 years; Jane
Grace Robinson, aged 12 years. j
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up; |
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., til 3d st. !
NICE private home in confinement; most rea-
sonable price in city. Mrs. M. Pfelffer. mid-
wife. 2012 Folsom. cr. 18th: phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for 14: collections made; i
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION |
CO*.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop., |
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; t»I. Clay 23.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. !
Office. 401 Post. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713. :
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned "c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co.. 540 Keamy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
J13.-O— LOT EOxIBO, with large cottage- of 6 !
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc. j
$2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house S rooms
ar.d bath- near station; must be sold at once; |
i worth $4000.
: $2i»-L':.t 40x150, on '■' -• -. St., bet. the rail-
read 0 , with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$JOO cash, baiac» $25 per month.
I SJ3EO— Lot 40x150; Morton St.. near Eanta 1
! Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 rooms; !
: $300 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to i
i let in all parts cf ■ - -da.
H. P. 'REAL & CO., 1482 Park st.
> GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and •-. also 1 chicken ranch; ,
Alameda. Oakland and Eimhurst; sale Sat-
-1 urday, Oct. 21, at 2p. m. Do not fail to at-
tend "this sale, as most of the places are to be ,
' sold by order of the court. Particulars In '■
• next week's papers. Send for illustrated cata- j
logue. Pee advertisement In Chronicle.. Sale
at J. A. MUNRO _ CO."8 Auction House. _1J
] ar.d 1519 Park st., Alameda.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. IE pages, sent to any address la the :
T . ted States. * stpald for "- per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladies in delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 sth. j
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY $!5Ti — Cottage house of 5 rooms; large
lot: on the sunny side of street; only 5 min-
utes' from university; a bargain. JOS. J.
MASON. Real Estate, adjoining postofnee, |
Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of the university
grounds, can '•- had by sending a 2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining |
P. 0 Berkeley. j
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent, in .desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard; con- <
venlent to train? and university grounds. Aj>- j
i:. to J. P. LITTLE. Berkeley station. |
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH, $6 50 until paid for; new cottage, |
3 large roomE. hard finished high basement,
pantry ar.d closets, 2 large lots; rite climate i
and soil the very best: near 3 electric car ■
lines: fine school and !<O-foot boulevard; set- I
tlement building up rapidly; no raw winds j
or fog here: price in all $6?0: Allendale Tract. '
adjoining East Oakland. Call or send for 1
circular. 453 Seventh st . near corner Broad- J
way. Oakland; carriage free. HENRY „
JONEE^ ■ !
FOR sale— New house of 9 rooms on FYuitvale {
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot S*x j
130: horse, turrey and cart and carpets; must J
Fell. Bax -a. Call.
SACRIFICED 4 elegant new houses in course
Of construction on 23d et., bet. Grove and
West; all modern improvements; street work,
sidewalks done: small payment down; balance I
monthly if desired ; houses open for inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON. 115 - th. j
$775— 4-P.OOM cottage, east cf San Pablo aye. ;
good basement: south frontage: city water;
lot 33x100: terms to suit; apply to R. J.
MONTGOMERY, 4- Thirteenth St.. Oakland
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. j
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. S5 (We per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the I
company, 327 Market st., on and after
WEDNESDAY, November 1, 1«99. Transfer
bocks will close on THURSDAY, October 23,
:•':'■. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. San Francisco, October 16, 18J9.—
At a regular meeting of the Board of Direc-
tors of this company, heM this flay, a divi-
dend was declared, payable on and after Octo-
ber 18. 18».
BERNARD FATMONVILLE, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. "2 (25c per
Bhare) of th« HUTCHINSON SUGAR PLAN-
TATION COMPANY will be able at the
office of the company. 327 Market street, on
and after FRIDAY. October 20. 1539. Trans- I
fer books will close on Saturday, October 14,
1599. at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
FROTT AND VEGETABLE FARM IN SAC-
RAMENTO COUNTY FOR SALE
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
On Wednesday. November 1. IS?9. at 11:30
a. m.. under a decree of pale of the Superior ■
C"urt of Sacramento County, mad? October 6,
ISP9, in a partition suit of the heirs of the late i
CHRISTOPHER STROTHMANN. In which
CAROLINE BTODIEK Is plaintiff ar.d i
CATHERINE NIEDERQUELLE et al. are.
defendants, the following described property
wil! be sold In one parcel at public auction
to the highest bidder for cash, subject to ,
confirmation by the court:
"All of Swamp Land Survey No. 257 and the i
northerly 67. ?9 acres of Swamp Land Survey
No. 2C9 of the official surveys of sv.-amp and ;
overflowed lands of Sacramento County, con-
taining 175.C2 acres." being the farm of the
said STROTHMANN. Sale will be made on j
said land. I
Immediately after the sale of said land, the
livestock, farming utensils, etc., of said farm
will be Fold.
This farm is situate on the Sacramento
River, about 9 miles from Sacramento. 4 mile* |
below Freeport. It has upon It a house and
• a good barn, about SO acres upland, the re-
mainder lowland: appraised In the Superior
Court of Sacramento in the matter ot the !
estate of raid Etrothmann, deceased, at '$20,-
-370. Assessed for ISSS: Land, $10,000; Improve- .
ments. $2000. There are 2777 bearing fruit trees :
on the farm and 27S non-bearlr.g. .
Further Information will be civen at the
office of McKUNE & GEORGE, attorneys for i
•• referee, Sacramento, find at the of nee of the ;
undersigned. LOEWY & GUTSCH.
Attorneys for heirs, 503 California St., San
Fra n
October 17. 1599.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco. State of California. In th«
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice is
hereby fives that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
Bar. Franc.?- State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city sna county of San
Francisco. State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 11. 1599, at 10
o'clock a. n"... at the courtroom of said court,
Department No. 2, In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
a: Inted £? the day, time and place for the
hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
per Court this 10th day of October 1333.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk.
[Seal.] ___________^^^^
PROPOSALS. ,
PROPOSALS for fresh beef and mutton—
Chief Commissary, San Francisco. Cal., Oct.
16, ISS9. Sealed proposals for furnishing and
delivering fresh beef and mutton will be re-
ceived here and at offices of Commissaries at
Alcatraz Island. Angel Island. Benlcla Bar-
racks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Francis-
co and San Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11
o'clock a. m., November 16. ig?9, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for fresh beef and
mutton," and addressed to undersigned or
to Commissary at post to be supplied. H
J. GALLAGHER. Major. Chief Commi'sary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
F. Junker Jr. and Albertlna yon Ploennles. 22-19
Louis J. Tsch-rr nd Hedwig Latnmart.. '- --
R. G. Ray ar.i Effle B. Chambers 23-21
William T. Brown and Jennie M. Klvell ..31-24
W. A. Octtrmann and Mary S-cheleffs 25-43
G. H. Francis and Madge E. Pnffenberger.. 22-20
John D. Bradford and Nellie Ward "2-22
Fred N. ?m!th and Fannie Whitford 21-19
James F. Stanley and Alice Engelke 27-23
John H. Kelly and Mary O. Tlerney 40-29
Charles L. Bouk and Mary Schiller 34-18
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DREWES— this city, October 11. 1899, to the
v.lfe of John C. H. Drewes. a son.
MARRIED.
DOHNERT— NELSON— In this city, October 17,
1599, by th? Rev. Dr. E. Nelander, George
Dohnert and Tekla Nelson, both of San Fran-
clsco.
ESKIL3ON— ENX>ERLIN— this city. October
1". 1899, by the Rev. J. A. Schilling, Christian
Eakllson and Frlederlkke Enderlln.
RASMUSSEN— In Lorln, October
15. 1559, by the Rev. O. Groensb*rg, Andrew
Johnson and Ergina Rasmussen.
JOHNSON— BALZERSEN— In this city. Octo-
ber 14, 1889, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, An-
drew Johnson and Valborg Balzersen.
LARSSEN— JOHANSEN— In this city. October
13, li.i 9, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, August
Larssen a_id Marie Johansen.
MOFFITT— McCUMISKEY— In Reno, Nev., Oc-
tober 2, _SS9. by the Rev. F. Jones, James M.
Moffitt of San Francisco and Ethelyda A. Mc-
Iskey.
OSTERMANN— SCHLEEF— In this city, Octo-
ber 18, 1899, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder,
William August Ostermann and Mary Schleef.
EELIGMAN— FULTON— San Rafael. Octo-
ber U. ISS9. by the Rev. Warren Lend of
the Fir?: Presbyterian Church, M. Harry
Sellgman and Evelyn L. Fulton, both of San
Francisco.
DIED.
Bedarf. Ellen Levy, H. W.
Boucher. Annie McQuaae, Jane
Brockrr.an. Henry W. O'Brien. Timothy
Cawley, Margaret Olqulst, John
Curley, Eilen Otis, Harriet G.
Deming, H. V. Redlcan, John
L>>vwninß. . nton T. B irke, John
Engledow, Louisa Sutton, Capt. Charles
Gray, Fanny H. Taylor. Anna C.
Hinman. Mary E. Wilson, James R,
BEDARF— In this city, October 18, 1899, Ellen
Bedarf, a native of Ireland, aged 76 years.
BOUCHER— In this city. October 17, 1J59, Annie
Boucher, a native cf Ireland, aged S7 ■ an».
E_?The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at S:l5 o'clock, from the parlors
cf J. C. O'Connor & Co., 757 Mission street,
thence to St. John's Church (formerly St.
Mary's College), where a requiem, mass will
be said fur the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing- at S o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery-
KM AN— ln this city, October 13. 1533, at
St. Mary's Hospital. Henry W. Brockman,
beloved son of M. C. and Margaret Brockman,
and brother of W. H.. Edward and John
Brockjnan and Mrs. M. H. Glinden and the
late Angeline C. -.man. a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 24 years.
r^~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvite-i to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor _ Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cro?s Cemetery.
CAWLEY— In this city. October 17. ISS3, Mar-
.garet, beloved wife of H. Cawley, daughter
of John and the late Ann Loftus, and sister
of the late James Ixiftus, Mrs. William Big-
ltr and Mrs. John Driscoll, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years 3 months and 5 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ... funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 363 Eleventh street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the rer-ose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cros3 Cemetery.
CURLEY— In this city. October IS. 1593, Ellen
Curley, beloved wife of Michael Curley,
and sister of Mrs. M. McG^e, Mrs. K. Werr
and George and the late Charles Nelson, a
native of Londonderry, Ireland.
ED*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister, Mrs. McGee, 513 Hyde street.
DEMING— In this city, October IS, 1899, H. V.
Doming, a native of Indiana, aged 63 years.
E~Notlce of funeral hereafter.
DOWNING— In th city, October 17, 1899. at
the home of his parent?. 1220 Geary street,
Ke-r.ton T. Downing, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 1 month and days.
G_TThe funeral takes place to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 9:80 o'clock , from Bt, Mary's Cathe-
dral. Interment private. Please omit flow-
ers.
ENGLEDOW— this city. October IS, 1599,
Louisa EneleJow, a native of Newcastle,
Enpland, aged 75 years and E months.
GRAY— Alamed October 18, 1533, Fanny H. t
beloved wife of Joshua Gray, and sister of
James and William - rani, a native of Eng-
land. ae*d C 5 years 8 months and 6 day?.
£_TFriPnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from 3225 Briggs ave-
nue. Interment private. Masonic Cemetery.
HINMAN*— In Oakland, October 1?. UN, Mary
E. Hinman, slater of Gertrude L. H\_m_n. a
native of Palmyra, N. V., aged 67 years.
LEVY— In this city, October 16, 1589. H. W.
■ Levy beloved brother of Mrs. Julia Wolf
and K. C. and L. R. Levy, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 44 years.
£7" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1:80 O'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted _ Co., 94S Mission street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
McQUADE— In this city, October IS. 1593, Jane,
beloved wlfa of the late Frank McQuade,
mother of Frank McQuade, and sister of Mrs.
Bridget Mallen and Mrs. John W. Fllnn. a
native of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 60
years 4 months and 10 days.
' Try rrlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at 9
o'clock from her late residence, 1109 Ham
shire street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose. of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:80 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. October 17, 1899. Tim-
othy O'Brien, beloved brother of Bridget and
th" late John O'Brien, a native of Goulanes.
parish of Drimolearue. County Cork. Ire-
land, need 66 years.
£ FFrtend 1 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thur«day), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 617 Ellis street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the rer>ose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount -Calvary Cemetery.
01/^T'IPT-In this city. October 1«, 1893, John,
beloved husband of Annie Olqulst. a native
of Sweden, aged 73 years.
r_r Notice of funeral hereafter.
OTI^— In this city. October IS. 1539. Harriet G..
beloved wife of Stephen Otis, and mother of
Frank and Asa Otis, a native of Hollis, Me.,
aged 74 years and 21 days. (Saco, Me., papers
please c«py.)
rryFTiends- and acquaintances are respect-
full v invited to attend the -funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 2143 Larkin street. Interment private,
in Mountain View Cemetery.
REDICAN— In this city. October 17. 1899, John
Redican. a native of New York City, aged 61
V?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 2 ►'cl ':. from the parlors of
the Pacific Undertakers. - 777 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ,
ros RKE-In this city. October 17. 1899. John
Rourke. a native of Batavla, N. V., aged 24
years 1 ■ nth and 10 days. A me mber of
the late Company H. California Volunteers.
U S V. I.
E^The funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
HfcNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannasan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3,
20 Fifth tt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South S«i, *-j
of his brother-in-law. Charles Hamilton. 417
Twentieth street, between Noe and Sajichei,
thence to St. Pauls Church, corner Twenty-
ninth and Church streets, for services. Inter-
ment Mour.t Calvary Cemetery.
BUTTON— In this city. October IS. IS?9. Captain
Charles, beloved husband of Sablne L. Sut-
ton, father of Charles Smton Jr. and Salo-
mon D. Sutton, and brother of Mrs. J. A.
WocJeon ar.d Mrs. L. B Ayers. a natlre of
Gloucester. Mass., ajred 70 year*.
TAYLOR— In the City and County Hospital.
Octrber IS. 1599, Ar.r.a C. Taylor, a native of
California, asei 41 years.
WILSON— In this city. October 1«. 189«. Jarr.es
Renshaw Wilson, teloved husband of Eliza
T. Wiiscn. and father of John D. and Cbarles
W. Wilson, a nauve of Brewer, Me.
C7*The fonetal services will be held
this day (Thursday), at his late residence.
:2»6 Waller Etreft, at I o'clock. Friends a:e
r«spectfall| invited to attend. Interment a;
Petaluma Friday morning, leaving San Fraji-
at tM a m. Please omit flower?.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
palace hotelj.
I F Peterson. Butt© Mr Williams. Lodl
; A J Henckley. U 8 V XV E Clark. New York
IW H Raymond. Cal E W Runyon, R Bluff
! C A Roberts. CaJ Mrs Runyon, R*d Bluff
H C Bowers. Portland E N Blake. Mass
L Tozer, Sacramento Mrs Halves Pa
V\" L Col Tallac Mrs Tefts. Newman
J E McDonald. Btnfrd Mrs E S Waugenhend,
M W Holden, Chicago ; Newman
H W Keller, L Ang H Doyle. Vancouver
: J B Cooler, Chicago W R Thompson, TV Va
' Urs B A Barney, Men!? Mrs Thompson, W Va
Mrs W II Stanley. Meal R J Donnelly, Wash
. Mrs H A' Lathrop.Mass E de la Cu»sta. S Barb
! Mrs A Swain. S Barbra W Inglis. Stockton
\II W Oaylcrd, Nevada T Burner, New York
Mr? II S Mlllard. Chgo J J ThempAs, Berlin
M G Bale. St Helena 0 Viekers. London
Mrs X Write. Napa 9 II Blades. L Angeles
E V Alton, Germany 5 H Sullivan, Chicago
L M Wood. Seattle Mrs Sullivan. Chicago
J" R Lombard. X V Miss W Haynes. Mass
jlrs Lombard. NY C L Wilder. Chicago
ff W Hlsket. S Brndnoi Wa Emmett. Belmont
If H Gilbert, USA EG At wood. Placervl
i Moreland. USA ;W L Irwen. v a lleio
C ' bland, Nat* York ; Mrs Irwen, Vailejo
: R J Smith. Montreal iH W Heiss. New York
II M Wolf. Chicago jR L Quackenbush.USA
W W Welsh, Stockton S W Barrowe. S Africa
Dr J L Butin. Madera Mrs Barrowe. S Africa
S II Peterson. Fresno p. M Mem. Oakland
; E E Slade. Palo Alto '} B Emery. Georgia
I F L Orcutt. Sacto S S Satchwell. Ga
• W G Baymiller. Sacto !J E Rcwe, Sacto
, / Robinson. Alarr.eda E E Smith. Cal
V. Hamilton. Denver ; Mrs E E Smith. Cal
D Pepper Jr. Pa F X Prescott. Fresno
Mrs Pepper. Pa Mrs Prescott, Fresno
j G F Parka, Oakland
E E Cothreln. San Jose'W E Gerber. Sacto
| E Hlneline. Maxwell Dr O D Norton. U S N
Mrs Hlnellne. Maxwell Mrs C M Gordon. Lodl
J H Valentine, L Ang !
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs J A Fltchpatrick, A C Freelyn. Cal
: lowa H H Schnabel, New-
Mrs H Prim. Cal | castle
Miss Caldwell, Cal W R Forman. Antloch
B M Lelong. Bacto 0 W Posey, Los Angr
1 F J Hughes. Sausallto C W Eastcn, Modesto
C Maedins A w. W'.s G W Veatch. Nev
1 Mrs Dick, Cal ; C H Daly. Stockton
J Barnes Jr. Seattls A C Randale. Cal
C Inns, Fresno T H Hibbard. Cal
C L Davis, Fresno I H Rull, Calaveraa
W a Ball & w, Cal ;G Drer.r.an, Oakland
P. D Holabird & w, R S Cerl«, Trover
Los Angeles J A White, Cal
. P. A Long. Willows J V Smith, Cal
D F Royer. Orange D Young & boy, Ma-
G F Je§sor.. Orange nlla
j » Davis. Orange F Mainhart. CaJ
1 Jl Hitchcock. NY E Schneer, Sacto
Mrs M Sinclair Cal A J McKay & w, Cal
> Mrs H L McCauley, 'E Poppenberjrer, Cal
1 Cal Dr E A Burchard. Cal
; Mrs H J Dlg^!e», CalW Calder, Orangevale
F James. CaJ M Marsess, Stockton
■ E A Nicolaus, Sacto Mrs Montgomery, Cal
: C E Locke. Chgo H J Bensell, Cal .
3 W Riddle, Los Gatos C Bryan, Los Ang
H R Bell. Los Gatos P Ma.'lm, Sacto
Mr? 5 J Doran. Cal D Flint. Sacto
J E Lavin. S Rosa M F Johnson & w.
W H Pepper &w, Cal Sacto
W P Cantelow & w, F W Klmball, W &
j Vacaville : eh, Sacto
V." Stienbeck & w, Cal S J Filer Benieia
Mr« J C Cochran, Cal A Dalton, Benicia
:W F Brown &w, Spo- W B Ambrose & w,
! : kar.* I Lockeford
J E Lonergan. Cal Miss X Thriekel, New-
Mrs O O Campbell, castle
Gilroy iMrs F Campbell, Cal
M Harden. Campbell Mrs P H Cordes. Cal
B F Williams, Cal J Pettenoo, Cal
] A W Miller, Cal G J Le Fure. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Breckman, S Jose ij Ring, Fresno
A E Macon & w, CaliH Wamsley. N V
F C Wlikes. Cal j\V A Perdue & w, N T
E J Falconer, Cal' C H Lover & Jam, El
; J P Abell, Merced mlra
}'. Harris, Merced |J Pusra, Fort Brag-g
A C Abbott. Butte R Lochhead, Fresno
F Otis. Butte Ii F Martin, Fresno
W Turner, Butte iC S Greenl^rg. Fresno
i A R Ayr??. Butt* C Hardy. Stockton
J M J O?tberg. Butte H McGovern. Ukiah
; J F Craven, Butte |C B Re i. San Jose.
I J E Jones, Butt? J Branch, Tahoe
L B Ha:!. Manila ,T Greer & w. Cal
W H Walsh. Portland L T Layer. Ohio
C G Dick. San Jose ;J E Weaver. Butt«
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George .W. and Ella Kline to Claus Spreckels,
lot on E line of Howard street, 250 X of Sev
enteenth. X €2:6 by E ?2; $10.
Thomas J. and Annie J. Sullivan to George
TV. Pennlr.ston Jr.. lot on E line of Shotwell
street. 195 8 of Twenty-first. S 30 by E 122:6; $10.
Thomas J. Dorland to C. J. and Sarah G.
Falkenstt'in. lot on X line of Hancock street,
135 E of Sanchez. E 25 by X 114: $10.
Francois Thomar, executor estate of Cather
ine S. .1., or Cathrene J. Truxler, Leontine
Peyre (administratrix estate of J. Peyre) and
City Street Improvement Company (by Charles
E. Pesoli. commissioner) to French Saving?
Bank, lot STY corner of Sixteenth and Hardy
streets, TV 30 by S S3; $6082.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to Frank
T. and Annie Kear.e. lot on XTV corner of
Twenty-first and Xue streets, TV 35 by X 101:6;
$1350.
John Riley, Ellen Rabjohn, Annie Kcelzer.
Catherine Buick, Elizabeth Thomas. Alice Shea
and Josephine Roten (all family ley) to John
McAuliffe, lot on E line of Florida street, 75
3 of Butte. S 23 by E 100; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Red nail to John
A Renstr m. lot on TV line of Utah street,
212:6 8 of Mariposa, S 23 by TV 100; $10.
Same to G. E. and Androsella Llndquist, lot
on SE corner of Mariposa street and San Bruno
avenue (Nebraska), S 23:6 by E 100; $10.
George P. Lyon to Emilie Lourdeaux. lot on
TV line of Vermont street, 100 S of Nineteenth
(Butte), S 25 by TV 100; $10.
Mary Kroeger (Johnson), wife of Henry, to
Henry Krrveger, lot on SE corner of Lena place
and Illinois street, E 60 by 3 25; also lot on
lowa street, 100 N of Solano, N 25 by W 100; $10.
win F. Try to Alphonzo and Emma Har
rington, lot on TV line of Ninth avenue, 175 X
of I street, X 25 by TV 12*: $10.
Jesse P. Andrews to Edward Brown, lot on S
line of Q street, 100 E of Nineteenth avenue. E
34:9. - 130:2. TV 27:6, N 130; also lot on E line
of Xineteerith avenue, 100 B of Q street, N 25 by
E lO": also lot on E line of Noe street, 53 S
of Ford, S 23 by E 110; $10.
Mary A. Allen (single) to William Hunt, lot
commencing en Falcon avenue at dividing- line
of lots 7 and 9, and thence W alone dividing
line TV to land sold to Bobl, thence E to Fal
con avenue, 9 to bee-inning, portion of lot 7,
block 17, Ploche and Robinson's Subdivisions
Market-street Homestead: $500.
Richard Lambert to Esther W. Lambert, lot
on W line of Vernon street. 250 X of Randolph,
W 100 by N 50, lots 41 and 42, block IS, City
Land Association: grift.
G. C. Groezins;er to E. A. Groeiin&er.Alot on
E line of Channel street. 25:1 N from intersec
tion of Helena, York and Channel, E SI. X 75,
"W 42, SW 53:9, lots 141 and 142. Silver Terrace
Homestead; also lot on XIV corner of Potrero
avenue and Augusta street. N 100, TV 100, 3
25. W 100, S 75, E 200, lots 244 to 250, same; also
lot on E line of Hampshire street, 125 N of Au
rufta, E 100 by N' &d, lots 240 and 241, same;
also lot on TV line of Potrero avenue, 276 S of
Helena street, W 100 by S 50, lota 262 and 253,
Earn©; $10. ' ; ?---. ;; -v
Alaxneda County.
Agne* Molteni to Mary J. Morrow, lot on
X line of Linden street, 150 E of Cherry, E
M by X 136:?. being lot 105, Sals Map of
Terr.escal Park. Oakland : gift.
J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Ella M.
Corcoran (wife of H. J.) lot on S line of
Walnut (or Twenty-second) rtreet, 70 E of
Franklin. E 30 by S 100, block 3, Pacific Home
stead, Oakland- $10.
William H. Irwin to D. Edward Collins,
i lot on NT. corner of Todd and Baker streets.
E 155 by N 132. being lots 9. 10 and \. 35
feet of lot 11, block F. Amended Map J. W.
Crawford Tract. Oakland; HO.
Manuel and Mary Raulino to Mark S. Arm
strong, subdivision D of lot 7, block 730, "Watts
, Tract Map 2. Oakland; $10.
Mark S. Arms:: to E. L. Fitzgerald,
i same. Oakland; $10.
George L. and Estelle Nichols to same, be
jrinnlng at a point in center of Temescal. Creek
distant ICS N from X line <.: Forty-eighth
street, thence up the center of Temescal Creek
i so far as to represent JO feet in a straight line
parallel with Shattuck street, thence E to
W line of Shattuck street, thence S 50. W to
beginning, being a portion of lot 5. block 2121,
■ Alden Tract at Temescal; also lot on W line
of Shattuck street at point «f intersection of
: line dividing lots 5 and 6, block 2121. Alden
i Tract at T«m«scal, thence \V 112:3. 3 25. E
130. N 25:3 to beginning, being a portion of lot
6. block 2021. Alden Tract at Temescal, subject
to mortgage. Oakland; $10.
. John Roderick to James Hearn. lot on XE
corner of Cypress and West Seventeenth
streets, N 104:9 by F. 57:3, teing lots 25 and
2C block 602. Scotchler Tract. Oakland; $10.
Moses S. and Harriet E. Milam to E. L.
Fitzgerald, lots G and H. "Resubdivision block
'' 29 of Smith's subdivision portion Mathews'
i Tract. Berkeley; $10.
B. C. and Elizabeth G. Febricjue to Mary
; Josephine Knowles, lot on XW corner of
i Blanding avenue and Park street. W 119:2,
X 200. E 137:6. S 200:9 to beginning, being lots
12 to 15. block A. Minturn Tract, Alameda: $10.
! Cornelius C. and Bridget Murphy to William
! E. Boody. lot on S line of Delger or Twentieth
street, 4?i;ll E of San Pablo avenue, E 33:4
by S S6, being lots 23 and 24, block 2002, Hogaa
' Tract. Oakland; $10.
Sarah E. Roberts to Burdette Cornell, lot on
XE corner of Reward or Tenth and Wood
streets, X 27 by E SO, block 710. Oakland; $10.
I George J. Curtis to Mary E. Her, lot on
X line of Railroad avenue or Seventh street,
! 150 E of Union, E 21 by X 12S:3H. Oakland; $10.
| Mary E. Mathews to John C. Kola, lot 43 and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■■IHIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIiaBHBIIBHIIIIII
DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT |
M^^^^ PRICE $25.00. I
jl^C^>^^P^^\>Jß **** Belt IB warranted to *<« the Latest 5
MBHh t dfj^i^T r^T^R *lTV*<^?*-X!t J "Km Improved, most rowerrj! end In a.: re- la
F#»^^/V tf /\T^?\S^ spects the Best now manufactured in ■
R-^uT'^rV' '■'"!.</ s -'J^sf a: ->' Part of the world. Its equal does ra
SSSK^^^b^ >->' 7 r i/ Tfl i not cx '- st - The Galvanometer shews its n
|fyrjfy**?rn^ .ggßts^gt^ljr. M^Py electric current to fee doubie that of any ■
vWAfel'H Wfi r »^2s?S!2^n«latyris'i ether. Easily repilatei: Durably la- M
suited! Latest Improved attachmecta! gj
tt- J*>3^/ Specit! conductors and e'.ectrodfei. Dcubla «
wire sus P e naory for men. Sattn-Une4 »
%4/ V Jj f^vS^L/jftSC^ body belt - Ir wl!1 cvr * a^>' disease oa 3
/>\,\<^^3--#j'-V'- a V •? rth that it la j>oa«:ble to cure wit* ■
M J^ 1 j ['&£{*• <• \ : *-*- "iV * electrlolty. ™
rl' sCZ}al\~7}Z N" B— The kind of belts other* ««U «l "
z «- bigh prices wt famish at 93.50. B
•AJX?.-* -rTK^ • P 1 But no belt till you nail on hi at H
r^WV" •* rd !l 2e * taln P for "Booklet No. X." g
\ x "^ Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., j
620 Market Street. Opposite Palace Hotel. San Francisco. Cal. 0
RUPTURE— If Ruptured Send Stamp for "Booklet No I." g
E 15 feet of lot 44. re6ubdlvld«d block T3. North
ern Addition to Brooklyn. East Oakland; $10.
Kate McOowan to same, lot on E corner of
Broadway and Clement avenue, NE 50, SE 126
to North Railroad avenue, thence W to a paint
formed by the Intersection of tha X line of
Railroad avenue with the XE line of Clement
avenue, thence Xff Sl:6 to beginning, Ala
meda; rift.
Joe E. and Ellen Demont to William H. Mor
gan, lots I. J. Ia M, X and G, in block 9, map
of town of San Leandro, Eden Township: $10.
Daniel md Mary T. Tray to Joseph Wundsch,
lot begnlnlng at XE corner of lands owned by
Mrs. Francisco DlavlUa, on W side of Main,
street, thence W 100, X 50, E 100, S 60, to be
ffinnicf:, being portion of plat 44. Rancho El
Valle «!e San Jose, town of Pleasanton. Mur
ray Township; ?:0.
Builders' Contracts.
Thomas M. Cluff and Reuben M. Hllli (own
ers), with Charles M. Depew (contractor), plans
by owriers— All work for alterations to burned
building on E line of Golden court, 87:6 S of
Sacramento street, 25 by 45; JlSvO.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Ten.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, October 18.
Etmr Coquille River, Thompson, SH dayt
from Grays Harbor.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 17— Schr A M Bax
ter, hence Oct 4.
FORT BRAGG— Oct 18— Stmr Sequoia,
hence Oct 17.
GRAYS HARBOR— Oct 18— Schr Ida
Schnauer. hence Sept 28.
Sailed Oct 17— Sohr John F Miller, for Bo
eneme.: echr Guide, for San Francisco; Btmr
National City, for San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Oct IS— Schr Jaa
Rolph, for San Pedro.
• Arrived <>: 18— Bark Empire, from Seattle.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct Schr Comet,
for San Pedro.
WHATCOM— SaiIed Oct 13— Bktn Portland,
for Pan Dieeo.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Oct IS— St—.r
Navarro. for .
SAX PEDRO— Sailed Oct IS— Schr Alice, for
Eureka: scbr Serena Thayer, for Eureka; schr
Sadie, for Umpqua.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct I"— Stmr State of
California, hence Oct 15: Br ship Kate Thomas,
from Panama. Oct IS— Br ship Varejean, from
Newcastle, Aus.
Sailed Oct Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco; Pr bark Powys Castle, for Port Natal.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct IS— Schr Mabel Gray,
from San Pedro: Btmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro.
: Sailed Oct IS— Schr James Rolph, for San
p?,ir ftmr San Pedro, tot San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct IS— Br strr.r Pale Ling-.
from Hongkori?.
FOREIGN PORTS.
CALLAO— Oct IS— Bkm Arago, from
Astoria.
NAGASAKI— SaiIed Oct IS— Stmr St Paul.
for San Francisco.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Oct IS— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Hongkong, etc.
SYDNEY— Arrived Oct 18— Bark Snow and
Burge??. from Delaeoa Bay.
GUAYMAS — Sai'ed Oct 16— Schr C A Thayer,
for Grays Harbor.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Sept 23— Schr Robert
Searles. for Port Townsend.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER 3.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 15— Stmr Walder
se«?. from New York, for Hamburg-.
LIVERPOOL— Oct IS— Stmr Var.no
ver, from Moneral.
. LONDON— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr Mesaba, from
i New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oft IS— Stmr Victoria,
from Mediterranean points.
Arrived Oet 1? — Stir.r Majestic, from Liverpool
anu Quoenstown.
Sailed Oct Stmr St Paul, for Southamp
ton: stmr ternland, for Antwerp; Etmr
. Oceanic, for Liven
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Oct IS— Stmr St
Louis, from New York.
BOULOONE— Arrived Oct Stmr Amster
dam, from New York, for Rotterdam, and pro
ceeded.
QUEENSTOTVN— Arrived Oct Stmr Cata
lonia, from Boston, for Liverpool; stmr Sen-la,
from New York, for Liverpool, and both pro
ceeded.
EAILBOAD TBAVEL.
New
Fast
Train.
Via Rio Grande Western and Denrer
and Rio Grande railways in connection
with Southern Pacific Company's limited
train, leaving San Francisco daily at 3
a, m.
Through Double Drawing- Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
For Information, rates, etc.. apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No, 14 Montgomery
street.
W. K. SNEDAKER, General Agent.
Santa FeJ^qfe
iJ^" " "S irtPAsa
/Jvlj*? SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
™ THE MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
I ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 550 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
i HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
*7:2Oam|ilC:SOam Stockton 13:40 pm| S:00 pm
9:10 am i 2:05 pm Merced fl2:10 pm 4:11 pa*
10:40 axn 5 5:15 pm Fresco t9:00 am 2:4] pra
11:8s am I 7:45 pm Hanford t7:W am] 1:45 pm
t:IS pm |12:3O am Bakersfleld 51:00 am, 11:00 an»
11:59 am t6:25 fm Visalla |5:20 am 1:23 pm
12:15 pm 16:53 pm Tulare 84:25 am:»l:05 pm
•Dally. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 62S Market tn
Tel. Main 1611.
Oakland Office. 111$ Broadway. j ■
Bacramento Office, 201 J st. * '
Ean Jos<» Office. 7 West Santa Clara St.
/f~^%. Dr.jSibbon's Dispensary,
M@t&st£l *> KEAUXT J»T. Establlshwl
CSi V ii^* Dr.Gibbon's Dispensary,
B * >2."> KE ABST XT. Estab:i«h«l
m in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Mauhood. Debility or
SzcS^-f&vfi 1 f !^?asf*we»ritieon bodyand mind and '
■^f^^lis Slim Diieaaf-s. rherloctorcurHr -.vhc!!
fcV* - *S"Jc-«i2 others fail. Try him. Charges low
M <nre« B iiai:intc»d. Callorwrite. ;
Dr. J. r. uiBBOX. Box ISST.San Francisca I
BAILKOAD TRAVEL.
MCTKKRN PACIFIC COSIPAHT.
(PAoiric srsTOi.)
Trains Ifni v nml are due to nrrlre at
V4N fUAXdS(I).
(Slain Line, Foot of Market Street)
Leate — Fhom October 15, 1539. — AP.r.ivs
»*7:ooa Benida, Sulatzn and Sacramento.... *7:-15p
*7:OOa Marjsyiile. Oro»i:ie *:a Woodland,
Emira, Vaciriiie and Ramsey.... »7:43p
•7:»«AShiSU Erprsaa— Uavia, WUows,
Red Blua*. Portland »7:45f
•7i3<»/^ Martiae-. San Eaaaon. Vallejo. -■"»?*,
Cali?- pkcudSoota Rosa •6:13p
•8>«»* Tho Orerland limited— Ogtien,
Omaha, Chicago »3:13p
•Si3O* San Jose, Lm-rmore, Stockton,
lone, -~~.cr.-- ■ ■.• . Plactrrilla.
1 Mai7»tille, C4iico, Kodltln* .• MilSp
•»t3OA •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora M:lsp
•0:00* Eay«ar .<, TSOta aril Way Sutiona. »I1»JI»A
•aiOOA-'Atla.-.t; impress— Ojdeu acd East *»i*3a
♦OiOOa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.
McrceJsnil Fresno *12:13p
•9iOOa Titiuo. Bakei ■'. Santa r?*rl»ra.
Lob Angeles, l>eniiL-5, El Vaso.
New Orleans and East .*.... •6i43p
•l«i««i "Vallejo, Martinez auJ Way Stations # 7:13p
•1 1 :00a Harirar.is, HQesai I Way Stations. »2:43p
•IX.-OWm Hll LiTemore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, MendoM, Hanford. Vualia,
Ptrteniilo »4:15p
tl:OOpSacran:cij'.ol'.ircrStesmcni tJ»:OOp
i *8:0 Op HajTrards, Kilt* and Way Stations. *3:43p
■ »4:OOp MajtiiitA Sau Raninii, V»llejo,
Napa, Ca)istog», .Siiiiti Rosa *llil3a
Ni»»f Brnicia, Vacatille, Sacramento.
V.'oniliand, Knigbts Lauding,
MarysTille, Oroiille Mo:43a
•4:3opNi San. Tcseaud Stockton *7:13p
•3:<M)pT: Owl limited— Tracy, Fresno.
IU»:r- Sangria for Santa Bar-
bara Los ArZ'.-ies »9:43 a
•3:30p Stockton, MerceJ, FMBBO # 12513p
*3i3Op Martinez, Trier. UesiloU, Fresno,
Mojare ami J.os Angeiea »8:4.1 a
*9t\iitr Bauta Fo ltonte— Atlantic I'll rtss
for HoiiiTß mi.l . ist "6:43?
•0:O©p Haytrard3, XliesandHan Jcse •7:4--»a
♦ 6:3»i" Vallejo M 2:l Tip
Orients! Mi - - !en acd East •*:."»*?
JT:OOp Valltjo. l\rt Cwata ar.d Way Sta-
ticna... J9^Jsp
•S:»spOng'j!i and CslifnTnia Kipre*i,H*«-
nuneute, Mr.rj.it. ..v. !;• .": vik.
r..rH»n.l. I 1 :-- ■ y-.>.uA aii.l Tast *8;I3a
COAST DIVISION (Narron <;an ? e).
'Tor! of Unrkft Street.) _^^
•B:l3ANewaik,C!entcnille,SftnJoße,Feltoxi,
Boulder Creek, Sa&ta Cruz and Way
StaUona *3i3op
; f2:l3p Xevrirk, C'enterriUe, Sau Jose, N-:w
Alaaden, Ftltcn. HculJer Creek,
Santa Cruz aLni Principal Way
fHltloiH t'O:3«A
i •4:1 3p Newark, San Jose. Los Gatos *»:20a
IllilSp Hunters' Eicursira, Sin Jcse and
Wav Station ;7i2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fj:aS;:; KAICISCO-t-P**! c' MtAti Street (S:i? 8> —
"7:15 0:00 11:00 A.M. }X:w3 »2*fl (340
•i:0: to :: •6::3r.u.
h«iO4aUn— r«storßrc:ilß«7.— "C:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2::3 •!::: t::: '3::3 a-.:: ~y.:: T .-i.
COAST DIVISION (Broad (iange).
(Ihiril .and Tc-vtisc:id hi.'..)
tOiIOA Ocean View, South San rranciscj.. 'i»::{«:-
-•7:««. San Josa nml Way SUtir.na New
Almadcu WeJnes.iaj3 only) . *l:S0p
■ •9:OOa Baa Joee. Trea Piuoa, Santa Cmr,
1 Tacilic GroTC I'tao lloblea, Sau
Luis Oljis;io. Surf, Loaapoc and
rrinelpal Way SUXiona M:10r
•IO:4Oa San Josoaiid Way Statinns •fi:S3\
•Ililtn, Ban J>se and W«j Stations. »3:aop
f2:43r tjan Mateo. JUAtnoO, Slcslo Park,
Falo Alto, fcsnta Clara. San Jose,
Tres Piaos. Sar.ta Cniz. Salinae,
Slouterey and Pacific Grove tlO:3«A.
f3i3O» Baa Josaaiid Way Stations *7:3<>p
• 44 :15r San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations *3:43 a
|5:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations : o«»*
*.>:3or San Jose anilPrincinalAVayStatious *S:33*.
! •s:aOpSanJcs2 and Way Stations f»:O«» A
I Hl;4sp San Jess and Way .Stations «7;3Up
At. Morning. V lor Afternoon.
•Daily., t Sunday except ' I Sunday only.
6 Saturday oa'y.
i CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN El. CO.
LESSEE
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
! _ RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
.. BAM FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
: WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:CO, U:W ... m. ; 12:35
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Eitra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Ei:ra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
PAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. : 12:43,
8:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Echuetzen. Park
same schedule as above.
Leara Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
-— ; October 15,
Week Sun- 1539. Sun- Week
Days. days. Destination j dj.ys. Days.
7:30 am' S:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:3? am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fultcn.
7:30 arc Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyser-viHe,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloveriaie. ! 7:35 pm 6:2! pm
7:30 am , Hopland and
5:0" and Ukiah. , 7:33 pm | 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. j 7:33 pm
1:30 pm j 3:22 pro
I 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am! 8:40 am
and
I 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm] 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am SebastcpoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:90 pm 7:35 prnf 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
: for Lytton Springs; at OeyuervlUs for Skapgs
! Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers ; at Hop-
■ land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
: Kelseyvi!!e. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
■ Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
1 Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno.
! Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley"s,
' Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle.
; Boonevllle, Philo, Christine, Soda Springs,
■ Navarro. Whitesboro, Albion, Little River,
i Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg.
! Westport. Usal, Willitts, Laytonville, Cum-
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
i Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
! Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pa.«. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. ISS3.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •T:OO.,»9:2O. ll:0u a. m.; 'IMS.
'. •3:40. 5:13. 6:00. 6:30 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San R*_
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »S:CO. # 10:00. 11:30 a. in.; -1.-ii
! 1:15. •4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. 'C^. 7:45. »9:4 a a. m.;
i •12:J0. 2:15, «3:40. »5:15 p. m.
! EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
1 Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *S:CO, '10:00, *11:45 a., m.;
•1:40. *3:15, 4:45. »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked >•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:45, 7:55. 9:45 a. m.;
12:35. 2:35, 8:45. 5:20 p. BX __
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 2:15, I:Z%
1:00. 8:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and .-ay stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomale* anJ way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave Sun Francisco via Sausallto Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. October L tm.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m. .
Fars 8 F. to Summit and Return, 11 40.
i THOS. COOK & SON, Acts., t.i Market st.
1314
CAMPAIGN OF
REPUBLICANS
IS AGGRESSIVE
Leaders Are Confident
of Victory.
ACTIVITY ALONG THE LINE
SPLENDID WOUK IN POE-MrNG
DISTRICT CX-TJBS.
The Name of Dr. C. D. Cleveland
Has Been Placed on the People's
Party Ticket for
Mayor.
A* the municipal campaign progresses
lndt ations of Republican success multi
ply. From every Assembly district en-
Many leading
lyers who gave their
■ b now
• that they will vot< for
Horace Davis, and also give Mr. l 'avis
pei assurance of their Intentions.
The followers : " -V Nab-P iel vi fac
ty are discour
aged. The /Vbs< strict mci
lack spirit, enthusiasm and large attend
ance of the districi • I The crowd
chasers recruited to assemble at
Metropolitan H I Monday ev<
h.is . •■• n on duty i it the
I>. dg< -Phelan rings, and
now s..'k • - common ta.!k among
old lii i gang of ortVe
seekers '. •• tnmlttee of
Hundred will be laid on the shelf
: • th. The defeat of the entire M.c-
Kab ticket Is 1 ■ ■ d.
The Democrats wh ' v- .o banner
of Jui : tmpalgn ol
are n sympathy or support to
the McNab-Phelan faction. The fact is
I d that M knifed bj
I to secure Phelan's succi
:he outlook last November wa
firomifi . tic triumph
9 of Pbela
head of the D<
I of the Dei
inol trad
n whereby ue
publli Phelan In
for i ■ ites for < lage. me |
fur Mayor on
Llmin- '
: c Mai
plea
■ •
■ .
' ' Populis
r Mayor
th« h
will
] Hall
.
• •lu-<-r> for
.. v. hich way ;•
■
; : ive b(
in clubs a
■
-
Celerity of movement characterizes the
Republican management of the campaign.
Tuesday night the executive committee
of the County Committee organized anil
authorized 'rmnn Alfred Pointer to
establish headquarters in suitable apart
ments. Yesterday spacious rooms were
secured in the Baldwin Annex and last
night all the nominees of the Republican
ticket met at the new quarters and con
ferred with the campaign committee. The
business on hand was dispatched without
delay and the nominees then mingled with
the large audience of Republican workers
there assembled. Flattering reports were
received from the various Assembly dis
tricts. Horace Davis earnestly impressed
upon the committee the necessity of dis
trict organization, and his recommenda
tions in his respect are being carried out
to the letter.
Every night of the campaign, excepting
Saturday night, there will Be three dis
trict meetings. Horace Davis is a veteran
campaigner and a wide-awake, up-to-date
man. whose mental and physical vitality
has not been vitiated by indulgence in the
luxuries of life. He is in prime condition
for an active campaign. It goes without
saying that the friends of reform, good
government and pure politics will give
him the glad hand and the rousing cheer
•wherever he uroes.
The blundering of Mayor Pheian is ex
citing the surprise of" Gavin McNah,
Franklin K. Lane and Jasper McDonald.
It almost passes belief that Phelan. who
■was elected twice by Republican votes,
phouM sneer at Republicans and Insinuate
that they did not enlist to serve the coun
try. He remarked contemptuously last
Monday evening that Republicans' were
Jill pr.trioLs but that Major Geary did not
Fee many of them at the Philippines.
A Phelan evening or^anette is following
the tactics of the Mayor. Horace Davis'
great battle to save the workingmen of
California from Mongolian competition in
the field of labor is spoken of in a slight
jig manner as 'Vhe:ip politics."
The campaign committee of the Repub
lican executive committee will 'meet twice
a day henceforth, at ( p, m. and 3 p. m
The committee has engaged emm-nt
Fpeakers to address the mass-meeting
next Saturday night. Word cornea to
headquarters that enrollment in the dis
trict club surpasses expectations. Repub
licans are not taking any chances They
are not deceiving themselves ■,;... of
a walkover. They kn.iw that the old
follower? of Gnvin McXnb'<? Committee of
One Hundred will fight d<»sperately for the
control of the patrons under "the new
c . . . i r i cr«
REPUBLI CAN CLUBS.
Two S< • • )fficers in the
rty-Thii !.
Candidates on the McNab ticket are
watching PJielan tvith a keen eye. They
know hnv,- Jurlge Majruire was knifed to
favc tho head r.f the ticket last year,
when the situation wa3 distressing, and
thc-y iVo not propose to share the same
faie to perpetuate the Pheian regime
Trvft factions, earn fur the election of
Horace liavls and •''•• entire Republican
ticket, mft in the Forty-thlid% District
iriPT niyhi. A mr-ctiris: if Iho district club
was <"3i!ed for California Hall, but before
it was called to order several commiuee
:ncn with a number of their friends ad
journed to the office of Dr. Post at 14
Grnnt avenue and held another meeting
At the meeting hold in the California
Hall ihf follovrir.T were elected officers:
DawKon Meyer; president: General X II
Warfleld an.i Thomna '; I'pson. ■■.■•
presidents: Fred Tobelmann, ' s«>crelarv
nn<l Frank P. Shihley. treasurer. This
meeting: whs railed to order by J is
Boyn<\ a county eommitterrnan
Of the four county committeemen in the
district three-^John J. Curry, F o Ro
brecht and C. 1.. Benton-retired to Dr
Post's office. They P iected as ! oYii.-Vrs of
their meeting the follo^-inc: c E Pnttt
president; John D. Kersey, permanent
secretary: Robert R. CMneh??ffl?efij
Becretprj'i W.IE. Lane and Dr. John Lcff
l^r. vice presidents, and M R. Robert«
treasurer. Resolutions Indorsing the Vn
lire Republican tiCkOt were j^opt^d \, v
l oth clubs. y
PHELAN WAS VERY GLAD.
Telia the Democrats of the
Twenty- Eighth District of
His Affection.
The Democrat! of the Twenty-eighth
Assembly District mot last nl^ht to ratify
I};'- local ticket and promise support to the
■ imlnated for office.
:\ Lacey, the oh.iirmrin of the
meet) the crowd together shortly
after 8 o'clock and announced his great
ure in the fact that the Democrat*
of the Twenty-eighth Assembly District
are now united, harmonious anrl eager for
the BUCcesa of thr» ontire ticket. Judxe X
M. Mogan was the first speaker of the
evening:. He characterized the duties of
hi* position an Police Judge and promised
thnt In his .-uiminfstrfitirin he will temper
c with mercy. He h<'<ttio<l to strike
an absolutely sympathetic ohonl in the
.breasts of his hearers whon he announced
that lor small offenses, BUch as battery
and disturbing the peace, ho will punish
ESCAPED LYNCHING BY JUMPING
FROM FERRY-BOAT SAUSALITO
MANUEL McimiPK. cook in the
restaurant on the steamer Sau
euJlto, murdered Vincent Huron,
a waiter, last evening ai.d TO
forced to jump overboard to escape
lynching at the hands of the infuriated
passengers and crew. The murderer
was rescued by the tug Sea Witch and
taken to the VaJlejo street wharf.
where he was turned over to Oilicer
Hiram Smith.
The restaurant is owned by John
Nleld. Burch had taken his place for
a few days to allow him to recover
from a slight illness. The waiter did
not work yesterday, but went aboard
the ferry-boat last evening just before
she left the slip on the 5:15 trip to Sau
sallto, going directly to the restaurant,
where he hung about until the vessel
left the wharf. None of the passen
gers heard any disputing between the
men, and did not know that there was
anj trouble until Hurch ran out of. the
restaurant, closely followed by Mc
v.ith a villainous looking- knife
In his uplifted hand. As they reached
-rway Mcßride made a lunge at
his victim, striking him on the left
Bide of the neck. The blow was a
v:<-! us one and severed the jugular
vein.
A few passengers whn witnessed the
murder started a cry of "Lynch him!
Lynch him!" The deckhands took up
out for revenge, and securing a
made a rush for Mcßride. He
backed up against the wall and at
t< mpted to hold the crowd at bay
v,-i:h the knife with which he had
taken the life of Burch. He held his
no m'T. 1 severely than with a reprimand.
With this glorious promi.se Judge Mogan
r< • Ired amid applause.
r Geary Illustrated admirably the
of political campaigning if
n 11 try warfare. The major had
nothing new to Bay and he said it well.
He paid a tribute to Mayor Phelan, paint
ed glowing pictures of the war in the
Philippines and made that ever-recurring
...*■■ for the whole ticket. The
r wants it "straight" or- not at all.
wed and retired
with the announcement that
.-is he wants to be R Is a
writer, not a speaker.
The audience graciously accepted his
. \ •:..-•■ and then went wild in a reception
to Richard P. Doolan, who said h>
swelled with pride because he was tv.rn
if M irket Btr< :. He also said that
• will be a mos tious
reformer. A. J. Fritz, nominee for Police
r ■';< plea for the en
tire ticket, methlng for hii
and clearly won the I ; loi I
hear'
Patrick Bcland, nominee for Pt:b!i<- Ad
ministrator, received the next opportunity
and des< : Ibed briefly I . 3 of 1 he of
fice he s< eks, pr< mlsing that it' • lect< d the
■ < r him will ha
fret their action. Jeremiah
thing
• to say than to remark
that the large audii : is an
augury of success. Dr. K. Beverly Cole,
■ r. made a graceful
s. dwelling impressively upon the
Makes the lightest, sweetest, finest=
flavored, most delicious and
wholesome food.
*~~^ /> ~"~" —^^ V?. PURE *£* " <c^^ ==::=:::^ >^s^^
The housewife will find the Royal Baking Powder indispensable in
making finest foods. It makes the hot bread, hot biscuit, cake and
other pastry, light, sweet and excellent in every quality.
Royal Baking Powder is made from pure
grape cream of tartar, the most healthful
and pleasant of all fruit acids, and adds
anti -dyspeptic qualities to the food.
Many low-priced, imitation baking powders are upon the mar-
ket. These are made with alum, and care should be taken to
avoid them, as alum is a poison, never to be taken in the food.
40YAL BAKING POWDER CO., NtW YORK. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TITTTRSDAY, OCTOBER 19, 1899.
ground for a while, until an attempt
was made to throw the Improvised
noose over his head. With a wild yell
he broke through the crowd, and run
ning to the front of the boat jumped
overboard and struck out for the Val
leji street wharf. A small boat was
lowered, but the crew mistook a float-
Ing box for' the murderer and rowed
after it for a considerable distance
before they discovered their mistake.
In the meantime Captain Shaw of the
Sea Witch saw the man and rescued
him.
IJurch died a few minutes after the
stabbing. Mcßride was taken to the
Harbor Hospital, where the salt water
was pumped out of him. He w;us
charged with murder at the Harbor
station.
Ai first he refused to talk, but finally
asserted that the trouble was over the
niece of the proprietor, Miss Nellie
Athron. Mcßride claims that he acted
! vitally important duties of the office,
' which In relationship to the dead cannot
t'erestimated in a great city.
Franklin K. Lane was th<- next speaker
and was one of the few of the evening
who discussed thoroughly, logically and
ently the meaning and the purpose
"f the charter. He saw in the new organic
: the municipality an impetus to
continued prosperity, new commen c, good
government and higher political and civic
ideals. Assessor Dodge was the next to
... and as usual he came equipped
with the omnipresent charts and the mi
le personal pronoun "I." i.'-wls V.
Byington followed In a brief address and
succeeded by Charles Wesley Reed,
whose nomination created such a storm
in Th'- Democratic convention. Reed made
a Btrong plea for a Democratic Hoard of
Supervisors. He declared that the hoard
as an instrument of the Mayor's policy is
an absolute necessity, fnr above the lnter
bltion of individuals.
Judge Charles T. Conlan, George H. Cn
haniss. P. J. % Curtis. L. J. Dwyer. Emiie
Pohli and A. P.. Magulre also spoke, and
then Mayor Phelan, who had iust entered
the hall, was introduced. He told how
I glad he was to be smith of Market street,
where, he said, he expected and received
his greatest support. He spoke dispar
-'v of the Republican organization,
1 particularly he s;;id. "of that organization
born In the Grand Hotel." Republicans In
general were condemned as men led by
and sympathizing with grasping monopo
lists and greedy corporations. A general
review of local affairs was given from
> the Mayor's point of view. Much that
In se;f-defense. According to his story
Burch was slightly the worse for
liquor when he went aboard the boat,
declaring that his purpose in making
the trip was to "do up" the cook. Mc-
Bride admits that he had a warm
place in his heart for Miss Athron and
that the murdered man was also try
ing to win her affections. He pays that
he submitted to his abuse until ho
made some slighting remark about the
young woman, when his temper got
beyond his control and on the spur of
the moment he determined to kill the
man who dared to slander her.
The weapon used Is what is calletl a
French knife. It has a six-inch blade,
ground to a point, and both edges are
as sharp as a razor. Mcßrlde carried
it overboard with him. Mr. Nield, pro
prietor of the restaurant, speaks
highly of the murdered man, but says
that the cook was of a very quarrel
some disposition. Burch was a native
of England. He has no relatives here.
was paid at Metropolitan Hall by the
Mayor was repeated, and then the Mayor
pleaded for the success of the whole tick
et. He declared the city to be progressive
"These are not the days of '49," n ,. ;. ai ,|
"and we aro not dragr. ng out t the past
old men to govern us. We are young
men. living in the present and hopeful of
the future."' After counseling the audi
ence in reference to voting, the Mayor
concluded. He was followed briefly by
William M. McCarthy, and the meeting
adjourned.
DEMOCRATIC CLUBS MEET
The Democratic Central Club held a
meeting last night at Pythian Castle, 909
Market street. It was decided to appoint
a campaign committee to meet next Fri
day and complete arrangements for a
grand open meeting.
The Byington Democratic Club was or
ganized in the Parrott building last night
ami .started off with a large working
membership. The following officers were
elected: President. Wallace L. Thomp
, son; vice presidents, Frank Delmas, Wil
i Ham Sullivan. Dr. A. N. Copsey, Stephen
Costello and ( '. Steenberg; secretary , c.
Matthews; treasurer, Louis Wallenstein.
The club Is arranging for regular bead
quarters and will make an active cam
paign. The next meeting will be held on
to-morrow evening, when the commlt-
U es will be appointed and the plans de
cided on.
NO LONGER ON
RAILROAD LIST
OF ATTORNEYS
Name of Harvey S.
Brown Erased.
OTHER CHANGES IMPENDING
HTTNTINGTONS HAVE RESOLVED
TO REVISE THE PAY ROLL.
•
In the Olden Days Lawyer Brown
Stood High in the Favor
of Stanford and
Crocker.
Alas, poor Brown! In the olden days
of the Southern Pacific, when Stanford
| and Crocker ruled the road, Harvey S.
Brown was accounted a lawyer of In
finite skill and a thousand excellent at
i tributes. Time has wrought changes.
I Under the present regime of the Hunt
j ingtons the name of Harvey S. Brown ap
| pears not on the door of any room con
nected with the new array of offices in
the Wells-Fargo building.
One could say at first thought that Mr.
Brofwn might enjoy high favor in the
i council of the corporation and yet have
• no room assigned to him for his special
I use and occupancy, but it is whispered
| on the inside of the yellow building that
I the name of Harvey S. Brown is not on
the pay roll of the Southern Pacific. No
one will say positively when his name
was erased or why the erasure was
ordered. The name was there for many,
many years. The connection of Brown
with the corporation was so well estab-
Ushed thai the directory had it thus re-
I corded: "Brown, Harvey S.. Attorney,
I,aw Department S. P. Company, 4 Mont
gomery: r Oakland."
The Call is informed that other changes
are impending. The Huntlngtons have
resolved to revise the pay roll. AY" F
Herrln'g name Is still on the list of the
' favored but the inscription may fade out
and the rewards of service take wings
and fly away.
Ths Producers' Oil Exchange.
This Exchange Is now fully organized
and opens for regular business on Mon
day, the 23d inst., at 11 o'clock a. m., in
its new quarters on the ground floor of
the Mills building.
The widespread interest in oil compa
nies will doubtless attract the attention
of the public and the first session of the
board will be attended with considerable
excitement amurn; the purchasers and
sellers of <>1I stocks.
The Exchange ha? used every effort to
see that the companies listed are destra
ble, and no company will be able to have
Its stock called on the floor of the Ex
change without the payment of the regu
lar fee of $100.
The board rooms and offices of the com
pany will be open every business day
fp.m 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., and the officers in
charge will cheerfully give all informa
tion possible to those desirous of ascer
taining the state of affairs in the oil
Qi Ids.
A^ this Exchange is composed largely
of gentlemen who are themselves Inter
ested in the oil fields Its success is as
sured.
A number of companies have been
listed, among them the Home Oil Com
pany, the Blue Goose Oil Company, San
Luis Oil Company and others. Mr
George W. Terrill, president of the Home
Oil Company, is also president of the Ex
change M. is at present traveling in the
oil country and a telegram received from
him yesterday reads: "Producers in oil
fields .jubilant over the opening of the
Exchange and say they will co-operate
with this organization.' •
Poolroom Cases Dismissed.
For about <Mjrht mouths forty-three
cases against poolsellers fur violating the
ordinance have been on the '.lendar of
Judge Treadwell's court. The point was
raised after the passage of the new ordl
nai lasi March that any prosecution
under the old ordinance, under which the
arrests were made, should fall, and it
was not till yesterday that the Judge dis
posed "f the matter by Imposing a fine
of J5 upon each of the defendants, with
no alternative.
Hales.
WplrnmP \ O O P J ma y we all dwell in F. L. and T. yet
weicuine, i. w. kj. r.. another golden period>
Hate's free art show
our exhibitors
(ladies' parlor),
china painting
exhibited by Mrs. Leland S.
Boruck; private and class les-
sons given.
burnt leather work
exhibited, by Mrs. Buckley
and Miss Durgin; lessons
i 0 given and orders taken.
point lace work
exhibited by Mrs. A. J. Cour-
sen; orders taken.
free embroidery lessons
from 9 to 12 every day by an
expert Eastern artist.
Japanese embroidering
.' from 2 to 5 every day by Pro-
fessor K. Komoriya.
materials for art work
of all kinds supplied; stamp-
ing done.
+ 4
15 dozen Venetian cloth shirt waists
with detachable collar, fitted linings:
colors red and black, blue and black
and helio and black; excellent value
$1 each
new woolen waists, just received, in
all the latest colors and styles; per-
fect fitting; $1, $1.50, $2, $2.50, $3 and
$3.50.
■
24 fine wool tea gowns, lined all
through; fitted waist linings, fancy
trimmed; colors blue, red and black;
excellent value $5 each
36 fine plush capes, 25 inches long,
full sweep; edged all around with
black thibet fur and finely braided;
silk lined throughout; great value
$4.95 each
24 misses* golf capes, color blue,
with hood lined with fancy plaid taf-
feta silk and cape faced with the
same $4 each
WHAT MR, DARE
HEARD OF OUR
CITY'S FUTURE
Eastern Capital Is
Looking Hither.
T'nited States Appraiser John T. Dare
has returned from a short visit to New
York City, whore he had gone to attend
a conference of United States Appraisers
from all parts of the Union for the pur
of making their methods nf exam
ination uniform, so that imports in one
j port would have no advantage over those
!in another port. The objects of the con
ference were accomplished and California
will be among the States most benefited.
The conference began on September 26.
in the new United States Appraisers'
store, corner of Washington and Christo
pher streets. The ports of entry repre
sented were: Baltimore. Chicago, Detroit,
Cincinnati, New York, Portland and San
Francisco.
The principal imports considered were
Bteel tools from England, earthenware
from England.; enameled ware from Ger
many and England and union fabrics of
cotton and fiax. With regard to these ar
ticlea a uniform system of examination
was decided upon, so that there will be
no room for further complaint on that
score The mode of determining the qual
ity of teas and that of the polarization of
sugar were also agreed upon, and are now
the same in all the ports of the Union.
The most important work done by the
conference was the exchange of statistics
regarding the increased business of the
United States during the present year. All
ports show a decidedly increased volume
of business. A remarkable instance of the
dawning of the era of prosperity was the
fact that during the first five months of
the present year the shipments of pianos
to the South and West were larger than
the sum total oi piano shipments for five
years previous to the Ist of January. L 899.
This' is a wonderful showing of general
prosperity, for pianos are a luxury, and
the added increase of luxuries is the
surest sign of prosperity in any country.
* Another fact pregnant with great results
for San Francisco and the rest of the
State is graphically expressed by Mr.
""Mfound San Francisco 2000 miles nearer
New York to-day than it was a year ago.
Tin- army of officers and soldiers who
hive passed through San Francisco on
their way to and from the Philippines
have learned something as to the climate,
resources and business possibilities of the
State and the metropolis. They have be
come really the advance agents of Cali
fornia's prosperity. Our State and our
city have become the subject of discussion
among the moneyed men of the East in
the hotel corridors and In the busln.ess
places The eye?, of Eastern capital are
turned on San Francisco ns the New York
of the West. Men of capital are making
close inquiry as to the advisability of in
vesting here, and of changing their resi
dence to the tar West. The battleship
Oregon has been a modern John the Bap
tist for the commerce of San Francisco.
Men of capital are asking about the water
power stored away in the Sierras and the
practicability of harnessing it for the gen
eration of electricity for power, fuel and
lighting. Our lumber industry and our
b eP t-sugar enterprises nre also receiving !
much attention from capital. In short, i
the wave of business has started for Cali- |
fornia. It is no longer looked upon as the j
Florida of the Pacific— a place Tor invalids |
to spend a tew months in the winter, but I
as i land of great resources and enormous j
business possibilities."
No advance in woolen underwear. All j
thp latest colorings, new shades, extra
and medium weights, at old prices; also
some grades at lower ligures, at Beam
ish's new store. 209 Montgomery street,
Rus«< House block. Immense stock; he
low- old prices. Call and inspect our en
tire stock of furnishing goods and you
will be more than satisfied. •
Peddler Ends His Life.
Bernard Enrols, who resided at 033 Shot
well street, committed suicide last night
by swallowing strychnine. He was a ped
dler by occupation and was out nf em
ployment De:-T io ndency and over-drink
ing led him to take his life. The deceased
was :-:7 years old and a native of Belgium.
His reifiains were taken to the Morgue.
Tour sifiehoanl at home is Incomplete if it
is not stocked with Jesse Moore "AA" whis
key.
Honor the Chief.
To-night Court Presidio of the Foresters
of America will honor its past chief
ranger. John P. Maguiro. by tendering
him a banquel at ..no of the local rot,«.s
series. The past chief recently returned
from the Philippines, where he served in
the volunteer army, and the banijuet is to
celebrate his safe return.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Kothschild, 331 Poet at. •
Hales.
of china painting, burnt
► leather work, point lace and
drawn work, art embroidery
and fancy work every day
this week in ladies' parlor.
cloak department
black jackets— fine
tailor-made jackets
in cheviot, boucle
#and rumbo beaver
cloth, with storm col-
lars; all have fly
fronts and some of
them 4 and 6 button
fronts; 24 inches
long and in every
way excellent value
at $6, $7.50 and $8.50,
but are last fall's
styles, so we are
closing them out at
each $2.95
domestic economy
10 bales flannelette, 27 inches -wide,
pink and blue checks and stripes on
light grounds 4c yard
20 cases flannelette, 27 inches wide,
j in light colors, pink and blue checks
"i and stripes.
10 dozen comforters, figured silko-
line covered, white cotton filled: dou-
ble bed sizp. 95c each
all wool white blankets, pink and
i blue borders, 62xS0 inches; a $4 blan-
ket for $3.25 pair
decorate to-day
' golden jubilee flags in two styles....
| each 25c
! I. O. O. F. welcome flags each 10c
| golden jubilee I. O. O. F. banners.. soc
30-feet roll festooning 20c
visiting Odd Fellows will have
i cards; see that you have some to ex-
! change with them: orders taken for
printed cards in a great variety of
designs; first-class work and prompt
delivery.
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
3-Day Specials !
We take this eeasion to rec-
ommend to particular people a
particular blend of coffee de-
signed wholly or them. It is
our "Ideal" coffee made in
"Ideal" coffee pots— producing-
the most delicious beverage
that can be made.
BACON, Ib |5c
Finest Eastern sugar-cured.
Regular price ISc.
SILVER FLAKE HOMINY, pkg..lOc
The King of Foods.
Regular price 15c.
APPLE BUTTER, Ib 15c
Prepared by H. J. Heinz Co.
Finest known brand. ,
SWEET CIDER, gallon 40c
De Long's pure Apple Cider.
Regular price 50c.
O.K. WHISKY, bot. 75c, 3 bots. $2
Gallon $3.00
A thoroughly matured
nine-year-old Bourbon.
Regularly $1 00 and U 00.
PINEAPPLE, 3-lb. tin....... 20c
■Whole Singapore, eyed and cored.
Regularly 25c.
mail ORDERS solicited.
catalogue: free.
39 STOCKTON ST, 3253 FILLMORE ST.,
Old number 21 Stockton Corner Lombard.
_ St. v near Market. Telephone Wilt 152.
Telephone M»in 5522.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
DESKS I
At* all prices and every
price The lowest in ri\e city
Our low prices on office desks
are famous. We have received
another carload this week.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
1017-lO2S MISSION STREET,
flbove Sixth).
Phone Sooth 14. Open Ereningj.
Fancy Plates,
IO cts. up.
Great Left Over Salb
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Price*.
Great American Importinc Tea Co-
Stores Everywhere,
xoo Stores.