VOLUME LXXXYI-NO 109.
TRANSVAAL'S REPLY
IN HANDS OF BRITONS
So Far the Boers Have Either Outwitted
or Defied What Amounted to an
Ultimatum From the English Cab
inet.
FIRST BATTALION OF NORTHUMBERLAND FUSILIERS.
c hundred strong this famous battalion of Hrltish troop* sailed from Southampton yesterday, en route to Natal
* South Africa. The picture represents the Fusiliers leaving the Portland barracks and is from a photograph.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Sept. 16.— Sunday will be
an anxious day for Great Britain. The
reply of the Transvaal Government, it
is known to-night, has been formu
lated and is In the hands of the British
a pent at Pretoria. Furthermore, the
■wires at the Foreign Office are busy
with a long dispatch from the British
High Commissioner in South Africa,
Sir Alfred Milner, to the Secretary of
State for the Colonies, Joseph Cham
berlain, which is being rapidly re
! to the latter's Birmingham
h<->me, so the contents of the Boer re
ply will probably rest to-night with
Great Britain's Colonial Secretary.
Un!»-«s Soutb Africa Is peopled with
false prophets, the Boers have either
evaded or defied what practically
amounted to an ultimatum from the
British Cabinet. From the tenor of
thfir recent communications to Mr.
Chamberlain they could scarcely be
expected to do otherwise. However, r.s
frequently point*'] out in these' dis
patches, This presui : upon the
part of the Boers does not make war a
certainty, though it does place the
British Cabinet in a position wh<
must take steps bo that war
r;r utt<--r ignominious .submission will he
the only alternatives remaining to the
Transvaal.
This new serious phase of the crisis
also gravely increases the probability
that the Boers/trill take time and dip
lomacy by the forelock and raid Natal.
confiscate the mines, arrest the o u r
landers for high treason and <>th^rwis
resent. while the British transports are
in midocean, what they believe is an
attempt to rob them of their Indepen
dence.
If the course of diplomacy Is not
foreshortened the British Cabinet will
again and formulate specific de
ls far mor ng than the last
;: . . .'ill be transmitted to
Eruger In th<- shape of an
ultimatum. As the members of the
dihi- a'ttered throughout th
ey, it is Improbable thai ;i coun
| thered til! Monday night
.m the earliest, and there is every rea
ih.> British Will exhibit
7... undue haste in forcing President
Kruger's hand, for it is palpably more
rtant to have 15,000 reinforcements
n th< of action than pain the
gratitude of th<- Importunate Outland
fpr weeks have been crying
■...-.Hate aggressive action. The
Bttch policy must be equally
patent to President Kruger. It is hard
ly conceivable that he wijl await the
arrival of the British reinforcements
taking the initiative. If he dis-
Buch hesitation he will
strengthen the belief at the very last
momc-M that he intends to back down,
an Impression which has many sup
porters among the ultra-conservative
ly Inclined.
President Kruger's rumored refusal
franchise demands has
him many friends in England, and
the two-Boer party has shrunk to small
ions.
The . formal alliance between
the Transvaal and the Orange Free
State has also done much to alienate
the fn< -ling <>f those Englishmen mi
i to sympathize with the Trans
though it is scarcely believed the
( >range Fr< c State will take an active
part, more likely confining itself to
■:<• unrecognized assistance, as in
■
The selection of General Sir George
Stewart White to command the troops
tal meets with universal approv
al, n.s a*. so floes the announcement that
In ih'- event of war General Kir Red-
I'.'.ilier will take supreme com-
I In South Africa, Roth are men
of great experience, bravery and furce
fulness.
The departure cf the troops from i
The San Francisco Call.
] Southampton for Natal to-day was
| marked by such scenes as have not oc
curred in England for many years.
Wives, daughters, sweethearts and
friends crowded around the Northum
berland Fusiliers, or as they are better
known, ''the Fighting Fifth," at the sta
tions and at the docks, crying, waving
hats and handkerchiefs and cheering,
! mixing grief and patriotism as men
and women do only when those dear to
: them go to war. Most of the special
officers wore civilian clothes, but as
many of them were well known they
were quickly recognized and received
ovations. The "Fighting Fifth" nearly
! all wore the Khartoum medals.
BRITISH FORCES
DEPART FOR NATAL
■LONDON. Sept. 16.— The first bat
talion-of the Northumberland Fusiliers,
900 strong, and detachments of the
army service corps and ordnance
corps, sailed on the steamer Gaul at 2
p. in. to-day from Southampton en
, route to Natal, amid great enthusiasm.
The men appeared to be in splendid
J condition and openly anxious for fight
■ ing. The Fusiliers went direct from
i Aldershot, but many of the officers of
thai regiment and numbers of special
service officers started from London,
receiving at Waterloo station an en
' thusiastic send-off from the large
1 crowd present.. The porters cried "All
aboard for Pretoria," which was taken
up by the crowd uproariously.
General Sir George Stewart White,
V. C., former quartermaster general,
who is going to command the troops In
Natal, sails with his staff o n the Tantal
Castle from Plymouth. He left Lon
don subsequently to the main body of
officers. Though General .White tried to
keep private the hour of his departure
from oLndfon, a large crowd' was pres
) ent and gave him an ovation.
Captain Sir Edward Chichester, the
commander of the British cruiser Im
mortalite, at Manila, is among the of
ficers accompanying General White.
!!•• is going to Cape Town to command
second class cruiser Doris, flagship
Admiral Harris. Captain Chichester
said to a reporter: "This is my first
march. It is difficult to say which way
events will turn. My work is among
the hewers of wood and drawers of
water. 1 am to hustle between Cape
Town and Delagoa Bay, the prospec
. tive seat of war. in the Doris, with pro
visions and equipment for the men. I
look back with vast pleasure at my old
American comrades, but am off to a
different scene of action. I am sorry
I cannot see the reception to Admiral
Dewey or join in welcoming such a
typical navy man. Admiral Dewey is
<iv~ to peace, while I fear I am off into
the thick of war. The scenes have
I changed, that is all. Good-by."
The crowd cheered lustily as the
train pulled out, and pressed around
the cars in order to get a handshake
with General White.
RHODES GIVES A LION
TO TRANSVAAL DELEGATES
CAPE TOWN, Sept. 16.— The Afri
kander leaders have received a tele
gram saying that the reply of the
Transvaal Government to the British
demands still maintains the Govern
ment position as to British suzerainty.
[ offers a seven-year franchise, and de-
I clares the Transvaal's strict adherence
to the terms of the ISS4 convention.
The delegates of the Agricultural
Union were entertained at luncheon
yesterday by Ceul Rhodes. The dete
dates from the Transvaal made
speeches predicting that peace would
be maintained. Mr. Rhodes offered
them a fine lion, which, although it
somewhat embarrassed them, the dele
gates accepted and took to Pretoria
to-day. ________________
COLLIER ALEXANDER
ON THE WAY TO MANILA
GIBRALTAR. Sept. 16.— The United
States collier Alexander sailed for Manila
to-day. She la taking coal to the naval
BAN FRANCISCO, STJNDAT, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
station there, having left Norfolk, Va..
on August 30.
Mutiny on the Gayhead.
TACOMA, Sept. 16.— The revenue cutter
j Perry has returned to Sitka from a two
j months' cruise to Prince William Sound.
■ Cook Inlet, Kodiak. Tnalaska Peninsula
i and Bering Sea. Her officers report tuat
! while the Perry w;if in Dutch Harbor a
| mutiny occurred on the whaler Gayhead
i and was quelled by the cutter Grant. De
; tails are unobtainable. Dr. Ludlow, sur
j geon of the Perry, believes Dutch Harbor
; is to be the largest and most Important
; coaling station oh the Pacific Coast. A
I new Postnfflce has been established there,
I known as Udaktc.
EARLY MORNING SMASHUP
ON AN OAKLAND PASSENGER TRAIN
Special Train With Belvedere Visitors Runs Into the
ENGINEER AND FIREMAN BADLY INJURED.
Another serious railroad acci
dent occurred on the lines of the
Southern Pacific Company at 1:30
o'clock this morning.
An Oakland special smashed
into th" AlameJa local and Engi
neer Hammond and Fireman
Brasswell of the Alameda local
were very seriously injured.
The special was made up for
late returning guests of the Bei
vederc celebration returning to
their homes in East Oakland.
Being a special it had the right of
I way, but somehow the Alameda
i train crew did not know this. Re
CALIFORNIA'S PROPOSED
QUARANTINE DISCUSSED
Eastern Physicians of the Opinion That This
State Has No Right to Exclude Con
sumptives.
O yEW YORK, Sept. 16.— The action by California looking toward the quarantining of that State against all
■ l\ I P ersons suffering with consumption has been viewed with interest by physicians in this city, and the ad
§ I\j visability of adopting stringent regulations for checking the disease in New York has been discussed.
*T -L 1 Dr - George F. Shrady says: "The idea of quarantining against tuberculosis as we do against an
actively contagious disease ?s too absurd for serious consideration. There is no warrant for It in a scien
v tiflc sense, nor is there reason for it from the standpoint of sound public policy. Tuberculosis Is not very
S readily communicable from one person to another unless In the latter case there is. a hereditary predisposition to
p the disease. Suppose other States should attempt to establish similar quarantines, what would become of the
S consumptive? He certainly has a right to live and breathe somewhere. Even a Californian hasn't an absolute
2% monopoly on climate and healthful surroundings of his State when a despairing consumptive needs them for a
# possible restoration to health. To deny him this privilege on the score of increased safety to the people is not
iS only cruel, but absurd."
O "It was stated that 20,000 persons welcomed President McKlnley at Ocean Grove recently by giving the
§ 'Chatauqua salute,' " said Dr. Newton to-day. "A very pretty exhibition, no doubt, but it will be followed in
£S many cases with fatal results. In a crowd of 20,000 persons I would say there were 4000 suffering with pulmon
s> ary tuberculosis. Tuberculosis is acquired by direct transmission of the tubercle bicilll from the sick to the
0 well. I do not believe that the plan proposed in California for quarantining against all persons suffering from
g consumption will prove practicable."
g Dr. Roger S. Tracy of the Health Department said: "I do not think the plan proposed in California would
« prove practicable."
28 Dr. A. Guernsey Rankin, who has made a special study of diseases oof the lungs, said: "I regard the pro-
P- posed quarantine in California as rather drastic. Tuberculosis is a communicable disease, but it is distinctly pre
gj ventable."
£8 Dr. R. W. Steger, who is acquainted with the conditions in California, said: "I do not wonder that residents
£ of other towns in California caught the alarm that seemed to have started in Los Angeles over the increasing
$ number of consumptive visitors. I do not think that consumptives should be prevented from entering that State,
#'. but I do believe they should be isolated while they are undergoing treatment."
DRIVEN BACK
BY THE FIRE
OF FILIPINOS
Charleston Fails to Dismount
a Gun at Olaugapo,
Subig Bay.
TELLING SHOTS FROM
THE SHORE.
Shells Thrown With Such Accuracy
as to Indicate the Natives Did
Not Sight the Guns.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA. Sept. 16.— The cruiser
Charleston at daylight Thurs
day morning joined the patrol
ship Zafiro near Grande Isl-
and, Stibig Bay, with the ob
ject of dismounting the gun at Olau
gapo that had been used by the insur
gents. The Charleston stood in front
of the town while the Zafiro sailed
northward. At 5000 yards the Charles
ton began shelling the enemy, who re
plied at once. The first shot from the
insurgents' gun burst a boat's length
ahead of the Zafiro, while the second
ricochetted between the Charleston's
masts. The Charleston kept throwing
in eight-inch shells with great accur
acy and soon destroyed the earth
works around the gun. which the cap
tain of the cruiser believed had been
dismounted.
Th»>n the Charleston steamed closer !
in shore and got within 3000 yards of
the earthworks. The insurgents at
once began firing again, and some of
the shells fell very close to the cruiser.
Both ships then withdrew, the Zafiro
returning to Manila, while the Charles
ton remained in Subig Bay.
The Filipino fire was remarkably ac
curate, and the gun was probably not
handled by native gunners. Black
powder was used and six or nine inch
Spanish shells fired. The Charleston
fired sixty-nine shells.
THE TWENTY-NINTH
REGIMENT COMING
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept. IS.— General
Royal T. Frank, commanding the Depart
ment of the Gulf, ifisued orders this after
noon for the Twenty-ninth Infantry,
I'nited States Volunteers, now at Fort
McPh^rson, to proceed to San Francisco
September 20, preparatory to embarking:
for the Philippines.
Alameda Local
suit the two trains met in a switch,
the engines were badly sma'hed,
ihe engineer and fireman of the
AlameJa train barely escaped
with their lives and the passen
gers were given a bad scare.
Brasswell was struck with fl/ing
debris.
Had the engines met heads on
the result would have been very
much more serious, as the special
was crowded. They met in the
switch with a glancing blow.
Both the injured engineer and fire
man were hurried out of sight by
employes of the company, and
every effort was made to keep the
result of the collision a secret.
VENEZUELAN REBELS
WIN A BIG BATTLE
Castro's Army Defeats the Government
Forces Near Tacuyo, and the Killed
and Wounded Number Sixteen Hun
dred.
CITY OF CARACAS, CAPITAL OF VENEZUELA.
According to The Call's Washington advices, the insurgents of Venezuela are marching toward the capital city,
with a view to its capture. So serious has the situation become that President Andrade has gone to Valencia to person
ally take command of the Government forces.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1399, by James Gordon Bennett.
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept, 16.— Cipriano Castro, at the head of
the revolutionary army, has fought and won a bloody battle
near Tacuyo. He has taken Valencia and Puerto Cabello and
it is believed the killed and wounded will number 1600. It is re
ported that Senor Ferrer, Minister of War, has been killed. Presi
dent Andrade, who left on Thursday to put himself at the head of
the Government forces in Valencia, is said to be returning to
Caracas.
ADVICES INDICATE
SPREAD OF REVOLUTION
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.—Informa
i tion received at the State Department
to-day from Mr. Russell, the American
Charge d' Affaires at Caracas, indicates
that tlie revolution in Venezuela is
spreading. According to the depart
ment's information, the insurgents
have captured Valencia and the sea
port of Puerto Cabello, and no surprise
would be manifested if Information
should be received indicating that the
country to the west of Valencia is in
possession of the insurgents.
Mr. Russell indicated that warships
were desirable. The dispatch was re
ferred to the Navy Department, and
Acting Secretary Allen notified the
State Department that if it desired an
other ship ordered to Venezuelan
waters li* 1 would send instructions to
j the gunboat Nashville, now at Glbara.
! It is thought that the Detroit, which is
hourly expected at La Guayra. will be
sufficient to look out for American in
terests. When I saw Senor Pulido,
Charge d' Affaires of th.' Venezuelan le
gation here, he told me he had received
absolutely no advices from his Govern-
I ment respecting the revolution, and he
' is inclined to believe that the reports of
i the successes of the revolutionists are
manufactured.
"I cannot even tell you the cause of
the revolution," he said to me this af
ternoon. "I propose to cable to my
Government asking that I be informed
j of the progress of events, but at pres
ent I am officially ignorant. "When
President Andrade started for the
front, several days ago, he very prob
ably took with him a large force, and
I would like to know where he was
during the fighting. I can hardly be
; Wove that the insurgents, without or
j ganization or equipment, could be as
successful as the press dispatches in
dicate.
"In the great revolution of 1892 the
insurgent forces fought for a year be
fore they captured Caracas, and when
they entered the capital they had only
a small force of 11,000 men. The rea
son why the Government has such a
small army is because it is impossible
to handle a large corps in the moun
tains of my country. I am hopeful
that the information I shall receive
will fully describe the situation, and
I am confident it will show that the
Government forces have been vic
torious."
NASHVILLE MAY ALSO
GO TO VENEZUELA
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— 1n an an
swer to an inquiry from Acting Secre
tary McAdee, the Navigation Bureau of
the Navy Department stated that the
cruiser Detroit will arrive at La Guay
ara Monday next. As some apprehen
sion exists as to the security of Ameri
can interests in Venezuela in the inter
val before the arrival of the Detroit,
the State Department officials have
made the settlement that, save in the
Prestan revolt at Panama in 1884. there
has been no instance in which Ameri
can interests have suffered directly in
Central or South America through the
absence of a warship. However, if the
situation should continue without im
provement in Venezuela, the Navy De
partment will dispatch the Nashville,
now at Gibara, to reinforce the De
troit.
BOLD ROBBERY OF
BANK BY SIX MEN
JOLIET, 111., Sept. 16.— Six robbers
blew open the safe of the Exchange
Bank at Frankfort, a small village
fifty miles east of Joliet, early this
morning and carried away nearly $2000
in currency.
Night Watchmar Knipple was blind
folded, gagged and thrown Into a ditch,
while one man stood guard over him.
Then the bank was broken into and
work began on the safe. Three ex
plosions were necessary to blow off the
door. The first aroused a family living
above the bank, but the terrified people
were ordered not to make an outcry or
strike a light under penalty of death.
Having secured the money the robbers
departed, leaving the night watchman
helpless in the ditch. •
PRICE FI^E CENTS.
ESCAPED PRISONER IS
FINALLY RETAKEN
Rev. Mr. Howard Considered by Pos
tal Authorities Cleverest Con
fidence Man in the World.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— An ac
complished swindler, shrewd confidence
man and a fugitive from justice for
years. Rev. Dr. G. T. Howard, was cap
tured to-day by Postofnce Inspectors
j Baird and Gould at Jackson, Miss.,
j whence he will be taken to Columbus,
0., to serve out the unr-xpired term of
his sentence in the Ohio Penitentiary.
Howard escaped from the penitentiary
about two years ago, after having
served three years of a nine years' sen
tence for using the United States mails
for fraudulent purposes. He is a doctor
of divinity and a lawyer and was the
editor of two or three religious publi
cations. At his first trial witnesses
were subpenaed from all parts of this
country and Europe, among them being
Hon. Robert T. Lincoln, Minister to
Great Britain, and Hon. J. <*'. Now,
Consul General to London. The jury
disagreed and he was convicted on his
second hearing.
By sending broadcast over this coun
try circulars representing that the re
cipients were heirs tt> estates in various
places in Europe, Howard, under the
name of E. Ross, manager of the Eu
ropean Claims Agency, obtained re
mittances of $25 from many of his vic
tims on the pretext that he would prose
cute their claims to the estates. He
operated all over the world. His scheme
netted him thousands of dollars. Since.
his escape from the penitentiary he
has been operating in the West, his
victims principally residing in Great
Britain. He is regarded by the postal
authorities- as one of th« most danger
ous confidence men and swindlers in
the country.
ROBBERY ON A STEAMER.
TACOMA, Sept. 16.— The steamer
Dirigo brought down a large number
of Klondikers, who left Dawsn n Au
gust 28 and 31. The latest ones came
up the river on the steamer Willie Ir
ving. An exciting incident occurred
on the 'way up. There were eighty-one
passengers 6n the steamer, and some
where between the mouth of Little
Salmon River and White Horse Rapid 3
a forty-ounce sack of gold dust was
stolen from the purser's room. The
purser claims that he went away for
a moment, leaving his room door and
the treasure box unopened. \r\ th«
meanwhile some one got away with
one of the. sacks, worth $700. Several
passengers had left the boat before the
theft was discovered.
When the Irving got to White Horse
the mounted police were nntifiod and a
round-up was ordered. All had to sub
mit to being searched and every man's
gold was weighed. The missing gold
was not located. Some of the Ameri
can miners were indignant at the idea
of having to meekly submit to being
"stood up" and searched.
Mrs. John Dempsey Dead.
MARYSYILLE, Sept. IG.— Mrs. John
Demaey, a pioneer resident of Yuba
County, died at her home near Smarts
ville last night rather unexpectedly. Be
sides her husband, who is In Nevada on
business, four suns and a daughter sur
vive her.2
ALGER'S WITHDRAWAL
MAY HELP THE PARTY
Osborne Suggested for Governor and
Pingree as Candidate for the Sena
torial Toga.
Q WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— The withdrawal of former Secretary Al- 9
r from the Senatorial contest in Michigan is looked upon by Michi- &
i-:an'lf*rs here as a step in the direction of the unification of the several
£$ factions of the Republican party In that State. All prominent public kS
it> men representing Michigan are out of the city at present, but those who fi
V have watched the progress of events predict that General Alger's with- §
££ drawal Is the result of advice given him by his friend and adviser. Rail- j*
j> road Commissioner Osborne, and they expect that in consequence of his §
g withdrawal Mr. Osborne will be agreed upon by the McMillan-Plngree- *?
£■»' Alger faction as a candidate for Governor.
"Whether Governor Pingree will be a candidate for the Senate to sue-
." r^ed Senator McMillan now that General Alger has withdrawn Is not 8?
■inltely known. The best opinion, however, seems to be that McMil- O
•i will be allowed a clear field. The Senator is now in Massachusetts &
i» and he proposes, according to advices rvceived here, to go to his home ®
£ on the Ist of October and remain there until Congress convenes, perfect- 3
£ ing the organization of the State for the coming elections, and it would *?
tbe surprising if he were selected as chairman of the Republican &
:te Central Committee. The withdrawal of Alger from the Senatorial $
.* ruca will have no effect upon the administration, as it proposed to stand So
ft by Senator McMillan in the coming contest.
HANNA IS BACK
IS NEW YORK
Returns From Visit to
Europe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Senator M. A.
llanna arrived to-day from Southampton
the St. Louis. He said to a reporter
):is health had improved somewhat
be was abroad and that he had a
• [me.
"My observations of England," said Mr.
a, "are that it is a country with a
political system. It is fully as good
urs, and England has built up a gov
ernment full of stability. I was delighted
r life in England.
"1 suppose tin b all have their
to our Philippine policy, but
ter ■■ : h any one.
that President Me
. :1 be renominated, but then I
have given my opinion on that matter so
that It has now become rather a
As to Governor Roosevelt for
l . ■ rtalnly v, m not dis
llity.
•■I • Industrial conditions and
willl prove factors In
paign. The Philippine war
will I tissue by the Democratic
■ we have nothing to fear. I
span
sue as 1 would the silver
. . .-r Is an old man of the
•: not afraid of the outcome. I
have i it out that the s
ir.< lit i : the p< I at they do nyt
\v tnt to bring about a change. They will
•heir own act change
f the country.
has entered on an
■•■■. The promise* of the
party have been kept. The
il conditions of the country
iis prop rty la based on
I am confident of a Repub
- ;• ;..ry.
"I am of the belief that there will be
fflculty in making the trusts a
political Issue. The Republican party is
just as much opposed to the massing of
.i In a manner to injure the public
: ■ . tiC."
Mr. Hanna would not dlscusfl
politics, bui when McL*an's nomination
mentioned, he b lid:
. ■..]."
peaking of the Dreyfus trial the
iid:
"I heard no expressions of opinion as
:,. tli- Dreyfua trial while abroad, ex
- : Americans. Every
lean whom I met on tnt: oth> i
i« h.-irtily in sympathy with Dre
:•• time i ; . appeared I
there was no disposition on the part of
• or interfere In
r. All this talk of boycotting
: n or the President in
lß all nonsense. This affair is
which concerns th<? French nation
their business. We June
no right to interfere."
TWO WEDDINGS FOR
JULIA DENT GRANT
The Episcopalian Service Preceded by
That of the Greek Church Will
Be Held.
NEWPORT, R. L, Sept 16.— The
plans for the Cantacuzone-Grant wed
have been changed- It was ln
• 1 that the Episcopal service
should take place In All Saints' Chapel
on M mday, September -:>. followed by
the Greek ceremony In private at Mrs.
Palmer's villa. The Prince is a Greek
ilic and the marriage laws of his
church, which are very strict, do not
gnlze the validity of the marriage
..;■ a Russian performed by a clergy
man outside of that faith.
The head of the Russian church in
the Onited States infi/rmed the Prince
that the Russian ceremony must take
Orsi or not at all and that a re
fusal to comply would place the Prince
in a bad light in his own country and
might cause his public discipline or in
jure his standing in th<> army, where fill
ipposed to live up to- the
Ha ■•■. s of the . ireh.
The advl Greek Bishop was
nted to by the Prince, which com
pelled a change in the plans. The Greek
ceremony must come nn-t. Therefore,
in private, on Sunday evening, Septem
ber 24. th- Prince and Miss Julia Dent
Grant will be married by Rev. Father
Hotovitsky of New York, assisted by
other Russian clergymen of New
Tnrk. Honore Palmer, cousin of th<*
bride, and son of Mr. and Mrs. Potter
Palmer, will a< t as best man as proxy
for Grand Duke Cyril.
Hill Again Convicted.
VENTURA. Sept. 16.— concluding
chapter in th* R. L. Hill murder trial
was reached to-night, the Jury finding the
defendant guilty of murdor in the second
degrea The same verdict was returned
at tho first trial. Sentence has been de
ferred until Monday.
Election at Napa.
XAPA, Sept. K..-TT. (Jibb tvns elected
Marshal by 193 plurality. HeMrs. Hoff
]i..m and J'rnhm tied on 125 each.
Take the excursion train to Ukiah Sun
day, September 24, and visit tho flsh
hatchery, whore hundreds of thousands of
ig trout are to bo s»ien. •
44 A Gentle Wind
of Western Birth"
Tetts no sweeter story to humanity than
the announcement that the health-giver
and heaiih-bringer. Hood's SarsapariOa,
tells of the birth of an era. of good health.
It is the one reliable specific for the cure
of all blood, stomach and liver troubles.
FORTUNE COMES
UNEXPECTEDLY
Mrs. Nason Finds Her-
self an Heiress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WOODLAND, Sept. 16.— Mrs. Dan
Xason wiH soon inherit the estate of
her father, which is estimated to be
quite valuable, and in connection there
with is quite an interesting story.
About twenty years ago a man named
I John Connors and his young daughter.
Miss Katie, arrived at Dunnigran. Yolo
| County, and took up their residence.
; About eight or nine years afterward
; Mr. Connors went to Arizona to enerage
;in mining. His daughter remained in
Dunnigan and made her home with
Thomas Mitchell.
On August 7, 188S, she married Dan
Nason. For several years previous she
I had heard nothing from her father. It
1 was about six years after her marriage
that she received the first positive in
formation that he was alive. At that
time he returned, unannounced and un
expected, to visit his daughter.
At that time she also made a discov
ery both interesting and surprising.
I She learned that at the time she came
to California her mother was still liv
ing and her real maiden name was Mo-
Coy and not Connors. Her father told
her these things while In a communi
cative mood. But he was naturally
quiet ;?nd reserved and withheld many
'; particulars concerning their early life
that no doubt would have been of much
I interest to her.
He told Mrs. Nason nothing more ex-
I cept that he assumed the name of Con
nors in order that his wife might not
know of his whereabouts. These reve-
I lations, for the time being, Mrs. Nason
kept i" herself, or if she confided them
at all it was only to the most trusted
'* and confidential friends.
After a brief visit Mr. McCoy re
, turned to Arizona and resumed his
mining operations without having
given his daughter m^ch information
'■ concerning the nature and extent of his
business.
A few months ago Mrs. Xason re
-1 ceived a letter purporting to come from
! a man who represented that he and
, Mr. McCoy were partners In some min
ing property. He wrote that Mr. Mc-
Coy was quite ill. A few days later a
second letter tame, announcing his
death.
A short tim» afterward Information
came that McCoy left an estate which
needed attention. Mr. Xason made a
trip to Arizona to investigate. He as
certained that the deceased had an in
terest in a mine that is regarded as
good property, that he had some money
deposited In a local bank and about
$3000 deposited in the Hibernia Bank
at San Francisco.
Legal steps were at once commenced
to have the estate probated. At this
time there does not appear to be any
obstacles that will prevent it from be
ing closed at an early date. If the mine
is as valuable as those who know most
about it think Mr. and Mrs. Nason will
soon come into the possession of a
comfortable inheritance. They were at
one time residents of Woodland, but
now live at Arbuckle. Their many
friends will be pleased to learn of their
good fortune.
ARGUES BEFORE THE
ARBITRATION BOARD
Sir Eichard Webster Talks for Eng
land on the Venezuelan
Boundary.
PARIS. Sept. 16.— At to-day's session of
the Anglo-Veneiuelan Boundary Arbitra
: tion Commission Sir Richard Webster, the
British Attorney General, completed his
review of the treaty of Munster. He
Strongly attacked the theory of the over
lordship of Spain and showed the lmport
;iiice or considering the matter of spheres
i-i influence.
In the preftent discussion the spheres
1 pertaining to both countries are contended
• to be on an equal footing. The evidence
; showed that the Dutch sphere was much
larger than Spain's and Venezuela had
produced few aota of control by Spain be-
Oftuse Spain then had no control. There
fore the theory of overlordship had been
adduced in order to rpinforce the fe-w acts
1 dono by Spain.
Sir lilchard urgred that Venezuela had
no title to Barlma, Though it might have
been offered by various Ministers as a
■ concession, It belonged by gTound right to
; England.
WEDDED IN THE NORTH.
Typewriter Marries , Wealthy Klon
diker on Short Acquaintance.
TACOMA, Sept. 16.— The steamer
i Dirigo brings from Juneau the story
j of the romantic marriage of a Seattle
; girl to a rich Klondiker. W. J. Part
i ridge while in Seattle employed a type
| writer, Miss Stewart, to accompany
; him to the Atlin country' to take care
of his correspondence. He was dispos
ing of a half million dollars' worth of
mining property and had a good deal
of business. Miss Stewart accepted the
| position and the two left on the steam-
I er City of Seattle.
On the way up Miss Stewart met the
rich Klondiker, who fell in love with
| her. Before Juneau was reached he
j had .proposed and had been accepted.
j ,As an evidence of his love he srave the
! bride $10,000. She went to her employer
i and begged for release from her con
tract, and Mr. Partridge complied. The
Klondiker. and his fiancee left the
: steamer at Juneau, hunted up a priest
'< and were married, and then continued
the journey to the Klondike. The name
of • the • Klondlker escaped the memory
of Mr. Partridge, who made th« story
nttbllo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
STATE FAIR COMES TO
A SUCCESSFUL CLOSE
It Is Roughly Estimated That the
Profits Will Be at Least Ten
Thousand Dollars.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 16.— The forty-
Bixth annual State Fair, the most suc
cessful affair of a similar character
conducted In this State for many years,
closed In an auspicious manner to
night. Hundreds of people who had
not attended the pavilion since the
opening of the State Fair visited It to
night. There was an immense throng
in the vast structure and the exhibitors
vied with each other in disposing of
the surplus samples of their stock. The
musical and vaudeville programmes
were specially arranged for the last
night and were excellently rendered In
every respect.
The representative of the California
Paris Exposition Commission has been
In attendance at the fair and he has
made known his desire to procure a
number of the finer exhibits for the use
of the commission. This request was
made known to the managers of the
splendid exhibit of Sacramento County,
who will lay the matter before the
Board of Supervisors, who no doubt
will heartily comply with the commis
sion's request.
Since the beginning of the fair this
city has entertained thousands of
strangers and they were pleased with
the treatment accorded them by the
residents of the Capital City. From
the very outset President A. B. Soreck
els and his colleagues of the State Ag
ricultural Society, working in conjunc
tion with the Citizens' State Fair Club,
labored assiduously for the success of
the State's great annual show, and
their labors have not been in vain. The
directors ypeak in glowing terms of
the valuable assistance rendered by the
citizens' committee and every one else
in making the fair a most complete suc
cess. Beyond a doubt the work done
by the citizens' committee this year
will be a criterion for similar commit
tees in the future, and will be renewed
with increased interest and enthu
siasm. , ,
From 9 to 10:30 o'clock to-night the
Citizens' State Fair Club gave a recep
tion to the exhibitors in the director?'
room, and a few hours were spent in
social intercourse and congratulatory
SALES OF GRAIN
BAGS LIMITED
Monthly Meeting of the
Prison Directors.
Special Dispatch "-to The Call.
SAN QUENTIX PRISON, Sept. 16.—
The Board of State Prison Directors
evidently fears that another attempt is
about to be made to corner the grain
bag output of the prison jute mill, for
at Its monthly meeting held to-day
steps were taken to prevent such a pro
ceeding. On motion of Director Wil
kins a resolution was adopted limiting
sales to lots of 2000, for the specified
reason that the orders now registered
will take all that can be manufactured
to October 1. The board also reserves
the right to refuse all orders when the
aggregate will exceed the raw jute out
put.
An unexpected zest was added to the
meeting by the appearance of George
King, an agent for a Kan Francsico oil
firm, who claimed in an address before
the board that the oil used in finishing
grain bags is not whale oil, as called
for in the specifications for bids, but
herring oil, which sells for 15 cents less
per gallon than whale oil. Warden
Aguirre furnished the expert opinion of
two chemists that the oil ust»d is bet
ter than the sample supplied bidders.
A question arose as to where the sam
ple came from and nobody seemed to
know. King declared that something
was wrong and asked for an investiga
tion, whereupon the board laid the
matter over until the next meeting,
when a representative of the Arctic
( >il Works will be asked to be present
and answer King's charges, that com
pany furnishing the oil now used.
Two interesting cases of applications
for restoration of forfeited credits came
before the board. One was by William
Manning, the Mendocino stage robber
who escaped from prison in 1884, and,
with John Hanlon, ensconsed himself
in the hills near San Rafael and kept
a posse of officers at bay for a week.
Manning admitted to Devlin that an
ex-convict had furnished them arms,
but refused to give his name. The pris
oner was sent back to hie cell to think
it over.
Joseph F. Ross, serving a long term
from Merced, made a pitiful appeal, his
statements being corroborated by Ex-
Turnkey Jamieson. Ross lost his cred
its for making two attempts to escape.
He said that he left a young and inex
perienced wife in Merced, who was
forced, after many trials, to a life of
shame for support. Her letters of ap
peal maddened Ross and caused his at
tempts to escape. Finally the wife
died and since then the prisoner has
proved a model inmate. His credits
will probably be restored, which virtu
ally amounts to a pardon.
TERRIBLE DAMAGE
DONE BY THE STORM
Along the Nswfoundland Coast Scores
of Craft Have Been Wrecked
and Many Lives Lost.
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Sept. R— The Peary
relief steamer Diana returned from Syd
ney last night. Frightful damage was
done along the coast by Thursday night's
storm. Seven more fishermen are reported
to have been drowned, and scores of
schooners and other craft were driven
ashore. »
COCHRANE ARRESTED.
Beleased on Bail Furnished by His
Brothers.
SAN RAFAEL, Sept. 16.— Michael F.
Cochrane was arrested to-day by Con
stable George Agnow on a charge of per-
Jury preferred by Mrs. Charles W. Smyth
and taken before Recorder Gardner.
He was released upon furnishing $500
bail, with his brothers. James and Pat
rick Cochrane, as sureties. The prelimi
nary hearing was set for next Thursday.
Plague Is Feared.
LONDON. Sept. 16.— 1t was reported
from Falmouth that four deaths have oc
curred on board a Norwegian vessel at
that port. Fears were entertained that
they were cases of plague and the vessel
has been quarantined.
Advanceß made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noouan, 1017-1028 Mission.
speeches by members of the Ajfricul
tural Society, the State Fair Club and
the exhibitors.
J. O. Coleman Introduced President A.
B. Spreckels to the exhibitors and in
vited guests. Mr. Spreckels said that
the people of the State were to be con
gratulated for the fair being such an
unqualified success. On behalf of the
society he thanked the Citizens" State
Fair Club for its valuable assistance
in the conduct of the fair. He also
thanked the exhibitors for their efforts
to make the institution a success and
for the extraordinarily fine display of
the products and resources of the State.
When Mr. Spreckels finished speaking
he was heartily cheered by those In at
tendance.
Vice President Frederick Cox also ad
dressed those present. He, too, thanked
every one connected with the fair for
their efforts in assisting to make a suc
cess of the show. The members of the
club of '99 also held a reception and en
tertained a large number of women who
had been invited to partake of their
hospitality. Refreshments were served
at both receptions.
The total receipts for both park and
pavilion for this year are $22,600. The
total for last year was $14,700, an in
crease for this year of $7900, or over 50
per cent gain. In addition to this there
was an increase of $5262 for betting
privileges, of $321 for programme priv
ileges and of $100 for pavilion privileges.
The expenses of administration this
year, notwithstanding the great growth i
of the exposition, do not exceed those
of 1898. The only particulars in which |
added expense was incurred was in the
electric light and power service fur
nished exhibitors, carpenter work in
preparing the grand stand and pavilion
to sustain the vast crowds which
thronged them, in plumbing and in '
preparing the great poultry' annex. The |
management has paid liberal and in
creased premiums to breeders and pro
ducers, has provided a more perfect j
police service and has improved the j
grounds and kept them clean and
orderly. Notwithstanding this a hasty I
casting up of accounts to-night indi
cates that there will be a clear profit of
over $10,000 to apply to the indebtedness
which accumulated in past years.
FATHER DE SMET'S
CROSS IS FOUND
Marks the Location of a
Rich Mine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 16.— According
to ::ews which has reached here from
U'irilemere the cross placed by Father
<ie Smcjt on Sinclair Pass In 1854. which hag
been the subject of more than one miner'?
<lr< am of wealth, has been found by a
trio of prospectors who have been seek
ing :he cross, which marks very rich
mineral deposits, for some thirteen years.
The reverend father, who was engaged
in missionary work in the Knot
forty-five years ago, after his return to
Franco In 1865 published a book on his
Travels in Northwest America. In this
volume ho tells of finding a ledge of rich
mineral in the vicinity of Sinclair Pass
and of placing a cross to mark the. find
for 3<>me fortunate prospector In some
distant time, as he prophesied that some
day the then sea of untrodden moun
tains would be a great mining country.
A copy of the book was found by sonic
prospectors about twenty years ago in
the library of Ft. Mary's mission in Bast
Kootenai anil an expedition was organ
ized t" Bearch for the cross. The search
was unsuccessful. Numerous other expe
ditions searched for the lo^t ledge with
out avail.
None were successful enough to find the
cross until last month, when a of
prospectors— Joe Lassrord, Dave Smith
and Frank Mnrsjean— found the remains
of the cross, which had fallen years ago
to decay among the rocks. For thirteen
years this trio have been searching for
t ho priest's mine and many are the hard
ships they went through before success
crowned their efforts.
Owing to the heavy fall of snow pros
| pecting was impossible and they returned
|to "Windemere. They will return next
i summer to further prospect and open up
! the mine.
RAILWAY STRIKE MAY
BE DECLARED OFF
Street-Car Men in Cleveland Are Los
ing Ground Against the Big
Corporation.
CLEVELAND, Sept. 16.— 50 many of
the street railway strikers are deserting
and applying for work with the big
' Consolidated Company that a number
of leading members of the union, head
ed by the vice-president, Charles Eber
ly, have demanded that a meeting be
j held for the purpose of considering
' whether the strike should not be de-
I clared <>ff. The meeting will be held in
j Arch Hall Sunday evening.
i Eberly believes that the strike should
be ended, in justice to the members of
the other trades unions, which impose
lines on their members found riding:
in Big Consolidated cars. Severe
weather is approaching and as the
strikers are not standing together, says
Eberly, it would be an injustice to al
low the large number of trades union
ists in the city to continue walking and
riding in open wagons.
President Everett and Superintendent
Douglass of the company declare that
the strike is completely broken, and
that more than 100 former strikers are
back at work and that others apply for
places every day and their names are
placed at the foot of the extra list.
They declare that they will not re-em
ploy any of the men who were guilty of
, lawlessness during the strikes. No
questions are asked of the men as to
whether they belong to a union or not.
FIREMEN OVERCOME.
Twelve Men Nearly Lose Tbeir Lives
in Milwaukee.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. 16.— A flre
which threatened to be destructive broke
out In the foundry of the Milwaukee
Harvester Company's big plant on the
South Side this afternoon. The flames,
however, were gotten under control when
damage aggregating $10,000 was done.
Several barrels of rosin stored In the
foundry caught flre and twelve firemen
were overcome from the fumes. They
were quickly restored to consciousness,
however, and none of them suffered seri
ous injury- The work of two fire tups
prevented what would have been a heavy
loss.
Hobart Is Better.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Vice-Presldent
Hobart, who was oonflned to his bed with
illness yesterday at Long Branch, N. J.,
passed a very restless night, but to-day
he was reported to be very much, better.
TAXPAYERS OF SANTA
BARBARA OPPOSE BURNS
They Also Take a. Firm Stand Against the
Proposed Extra Session of the
Legislature.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 16.-At a special meeting of the Taxpay
ers' Union this afternoon sympathy for Captain V™?'*™™*™ I*™tion1 *™-
tion against Colonel Dan Burns as a candidate for United States Senator
found expression in the fallowing resolution addressed to the Governor
"We, the members of the Taxpayers' Union of Santa Barbara, are
not in favor of an extra session, but if one is called we respectfully ask
that one reason for calling it be to repeal the appropriation of money
for the Paris Exposition."
ABUSES IN LOS
ANGELES HOSPITAL
No Consideration Is
Shown Patients.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.— Patients
In the County Hospital have filed com
plaints with the Board of Supervisors
alleging the greatest cruelty and gross
negligence on the part of nurses em
ployed In that Institution. Charles H.
Earley, a patient. Is the author of the
complaint. He says that John Howie,
a Scotch boy, died in ward 10 under
the most horrifying surroundings from
hemorrhages— in fact, In his helpless
ness he fell from his bed and lay for
hours unnoticed until .the nurse,
Dougherty, finally covered the boy
with filthy clothes.
Earley cites another pathetic in
stance of abuse on the part of the
nurses in the case of Barney Silver
man, who was brought to the hospital
dying of consumption. On the night of
September 6 Silverman was in a dying
condition. He wanted to get to th«
night chair, and pleaded for help.
Dougherty was at the time helping
Howie, and one of the patients named
Wheaton went to his assistance.
Silverman got to the chair and
Wheaton was waiting to help him back,
when Dougherty saw him and ordered
him to bed. Then he stood in front of
SUvermfcn and commanded him to "get
up and get into bed." Silverman could
not and Earley interposed. Dougherty
then assisted him to bed and, having
done so, said roughly to Earley, "I, want
you to mind your own business." "I
am minding my business," Earley re
plied. "I'll come over there and 111
throw you out of the window," Dough
erty said. Earley made some repiy and
Dougherty said threateningly, "I'll put
you in the insane ward."
Silverman was a corpse the next
morning, declares Earley in his report.
Dr. John Murietta was the physician in
charge of ward 10 at the time.
While this recital is dreadful, Earley
declares and he corroborates his state
ment by that of other patients that
when a colored man, Tobe by name,
died the attendants robbed the pockets
of the corpse. The whole matter will
be Investigated, as the people are de
termined to settle these scandalous re
ports regarding public institutions.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders, Postal Changes and
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON. Sept. 16.— The Navy
Department to-day opened bids for dredg
ing the channel ajiri anchorage ground at
the Mare Island Navy Yard. The follow
ing were the bidders: A. B. Bowers, San
Francisco, and Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific
Company. New York. Bids were asked
for by the cubic foot. Bowers' bid was
in. 89 cents per yard, against 13.39 cents
of the other company. It is probable that
Bowers' bid will be accepted by the de
partment on account of location.
Special postal service between TVyan
dotte and Bangor, Cal., will be discon
tinued after September 20.
Senator Foster of Washington called
upon the President to-day in the interest
of Corporal Damhoffer, who, press dis
patches from Manila say, has been sen
tenced to death, together with two pri
vates of the Sixteenth Infantry, for as
saulting native women. Corporal Dam
hoffe? is from Washington. The press
reports stated that General Otis has
r.cnmmended that President McKinley
approve iho sentence anil that he desired
nubile execution of the men as a warning.
Senator Foster was informed by the
President that nothing concerning the
cases had been received from General
Ot \rmv orders: Trumpeter William L.
Murphy. Troop G, Sixth Cavalry, Pre
sidio, San Francisco, is discharged the
service of the United State* By dlrecUon
of the Assistant Secretary of Y\ ar, Fri
vatf Henry F. Webb, hospital corps, now
at Fort Wan. Arkansas, will be sent to
the Presldß) San Francisco. Captain
John C. Dent, Twentieth Infantry, will
report at Fort Sheridan for duty until
November 1. when he will proceed to San
Francisco. Second Lieutenant George
Curry Eleventh Cavalry, is relieved from
recruiting duty and will proceed to San
Francisco. Private Peter Axelsen. hos
pital corps. Fort Riley. Kansas, will be
sent to San Francisco for assignment to
C l pensionp— California; Original— Joseph
F. Van Steenbere. San Francisco. $S;
Campbell W. Walla -e. Rocklln. $8: Lorenz
Klefer, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $S;
Tohn W. Wilinms. Farming-ton, $6;
f'hauncey G. Smith, Latrobe, IS; Wiliam
H Carro"ll, Redoing. $8: Thomas J. Cran
dal Clavton. $6. Restoration and reissue
-Noah Sullivan, dead, San Francisco, $10.
Increase— Fergus Hanson, San Francisco.
$6 to $8: Arthur H. Myers, St. Helena. $10
to $12: William Morgan, Ha.nford, $6 to $8.
Original widows, etc.— Matilda Hosea,
Sacram°nto. #*; minors of Nash Sullivan,
San Francisco. $14.
Oregon: Original— Milton H. Nichols,
Plalnview, $8.
TO PROTECT INVESTORS.
Steps Taken to OTgtmize an Oil As
sociation in Bakersfield.
BAKERSFTELD. Sept. 16.— At a large
meeting of those interested in oil matters
hef9 this evening at Scribner'9 Opera
house steps were taken to organize a lo
cal oil association for the purpose of mu
tual protection. It Is to meet and enter
tain strangers when they come, provide
against wildcat speculation in worthless
oil claims and stocks and also discour
age the Jumping of oil claims, which Is
now going on quite extensively.
The following were appointed a com
mittee on permanent organization: W.
E Knowles of Oakland, W. H. Shaffer
of Selma, C. S. Young of Visalia. Milton
McWhorter, George Paggett. W. Tyler, H.
P Bender and E. Rousseau, of Bakers
field.
OBJECT TO SCHOOL TAX.
Citizens of San Diego File Suit to
Prevent a Special Levy.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 16.— A number of
tax-payers have joined in a suit against
the city to prevent the levy of a special
school tax of 37 cents on the $100 recently
voted at a special election in this city.
The levy is opposed by many citizens
on the ground that there is money enough
in the school fund if economically ex
pended and that the election was illegal
and ihe levy Is therefore Illegal. An In
junction was applied for in the Superior
Court to-day against the Board of Su
pervisors to prevent their adding this tax
to the annual levy which Is to be made
on Monday.
GOVERNMENT
HAY INVESTIGATE
Fight of Cowboys and
Mexicans.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— at
tention of the State Department has
I been drawn to the situation on the
1 frontier of Arizona, where Mexican
and American troops are confronting
each other and trouble is threatened
;as the result of the killing of some
Mexican soldiers by cowboys.
The Mexican Embassador, Senor As
plros, now at Manchester-by-the-Sea,
has received a communication from his
Government on the subject, and this
was deemed of sufficient importance to
warrant a presentation of the facts
sent out to-day to Acting Secretary
Adee by Senor Santo Banos, the resi
dent member of the Mexican legation.
Mr. Adee, in turn, has called on the
Governor of Arizona for a statement
of the conditions on the border. Extra
dition proceedings can take place di
rectly between the Governors of the
j States without recourse to the State
! Departments of either the United
i States or Mexico.
In the present instance some of the
parties to the killing of the Mexican
officers have escaped into Arizona, and
serious resistance may be offered to
any effort to secure their arrest and
; return. The assistance of the United
States Government may be invoked.
■
KILLED IN A MINE.
BERLIN, Sept. 16.— Nine men were
suffocated as the result of an explosion
which occurred in a coal mine at Redan,
Prussia, to-day. _
•
Prince Henry in China.
BERLIN, SSpt. 18. — A message from
Klaochau announces the arrival there
yesterday of Prince Henry of Prussia and
the Gfrman souadron in Chinese waters.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
%^ __7 ' ■&/Wffi2l**i' \
kL BtZ . 77*^ f I yk
worm Reading.
«You will find enclosed thirty -one
one-cent stamps for one of Dr. Pierces j
Medical Advisers, cloth bound," writes j
James E. Crampton, Esq., of Sharps- \
burg, Washington Co., Md. "This book ;
is for a friend of mine who is using
your 'Golden Medical Discovery,' and I
cannot praise your medicine too highly.
I was in business ii* laltimore and had |
rheumatism for three months ; couldn't j
walk at all. I tried the best doctors I
could get, but they did me no good. I j
took three bottles of Dr. Pierces Golden j
Medical Discovery and it cured me j
sound. I came home to Sharpsburg, \
and there were three cases of different
diseases. I advised the patients to use
Dr. Pierces medicines, which they did,
and all were cured."
Golden Medical Discovery contains
HO alcohol, cocaine, nor other narcotic.
Free. Dr. Pierces Common Sense
Medical Adviser, 1008 pages, is sent free !
on receipt of stamps to pay expense of ;
mailing only. Send 21 one-cent stamps
for the book bound in paper, or 31 !
stamps for cloth binding, to Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
FurnitureiCarpefs!
JUST ARRIVED-
A Complete Assortment of Latest Designs in
Carpets, Furniture, Stoves, Etc
Estimates Given on Complete House Furnishing.
Liberal credit extended to responsible parties.
Inspection of stock cordially invited. Free
delivery Oakland. Alameda and Berkeley.
T. BRILLIANT,
SUCCESSOR
ARONSON FURNITURE COMPANY.
338=340 POST ST.,
BETWEEN STOCKTON AND % POWELL,
. \ Opposite Union Square. *
Telephone Main ISSO. ______
Ask Your IS_fe_ Cty^Bl
Druggist LWft»^BAWs
for a eenercu. K^W^Sl
TRIAL SIZE. B™l?s9l_|
Ely's Cream Balm H^/^^j
CATARRH. |Pvgg||i|i
. Cream Balm is placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and Is absorbed. Relief is
Immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying
— does not produce sneezing. Larue size, 50c;
nt drupTßlsts or by mail; trial size, 10c. by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. 66 Warren St.. New. York..
INVESTMENT OIL CO.,
Adjoining the famous section 20, Coalinga Dis-
trict, I- 1 -re big: wells now producing about 4000
bbls. daily; limited amount stock will be start-
ed; $3 share for developing purposes; parties
buying now will reap all advances;. For pros-
pectus write or phone JOE D. BIDDLE. Gen-
eral ' Agent, 20 Montgomery St., Burk's ticket
office, phone Black 5394; also A. HALEY, seo-
retary. office San Francisco Savings Union,
; fifth floor, phone Main 737.
* \ ADVERTISEMENTS.
o-»-o-«-0"»-o-»-o-»-o-»-o ■•■ ♦o*a* c+ _
I New Fall J
! Dress Goods ;
and Silks, \\
I SPECIAL SALE I
♦ THIS WEEK.... 1
]
1 I English Granite Suiting, \
I + The very latest weave for «
0 fall ■< oar in all now color- 9
♦ ings, comprising Dahlia, ♦
1 Autumn Brown, Minerva,
o Tabac, Dewey Blue, Rus- 0
♦ sian Red, etc., strictly all «
o wool, a splendid dust re- 0
♦ / peliant and will not wrin- .
0 kle, regular price TE . for 0
♦ - this week a full suit pat- ♦
° tern of seven yards for 0
i 53.95 '
+ ♦
! EXTRA! EXTRAI
i French Henrietta Cloth. I
' 20 pieces, 46 inches wide, £
a silky finish, all the latest ,
0 shades, regular price 75c, o
♦ for this week only ♦
1 35 C PER YARD ♦
0 ♦
; New Silks for Fall. \
0 PRICE Sue — A most ar- o
♦ tistic and desirable silk, •
? the proper thing for the
1 season. Up - to - date
1 stripes with all the latest ♦
p shades — Cyrano, Vlolette, o
♦ uelft Pivoine »and many ♦
? other new shades. Price
? 85 C PER YARD ,
o o
o" : *
♦ SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. °
o ♦
o ♦
\ Columbia Kid Gloves. ]
o New arrival of Celebrated o
♦ Columbia Kid Gloves, ♦
? every pair warranted and °
0 fitted, all the latest shades. ♦
1 PRICE &I.OQ ♦
4 o
o (Sole agents for the Pa- ♦
♦ ciflc Coast.) *
0 o
I KOHLBERG, j
q warn m j*
I STRAUSS & :
♦ . ' ' ♦
j FROHMAN, j
% 107-109 Post St., £
1 1220-1222-1224 Market St- £
-»-O-»-O-»-0-«-0-»-0 -•-'-•- o-»-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-*.o-»- 0
STATEMENT |
~-OV THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HARTFORD
STEAM BOILER INSPECTION
■ • AND
INSURANCE COMPANY /
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December,
A. D. 1898, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of tha
State of California, pursuant to the Provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
eondetißed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missions.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In .
Cash $500,000 JW
ASSETS. ~~
Real Estate owned by Company $58,432 91
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 301.000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ..... 1,682,581 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge '
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral
Cash In Company's Office 523 70
; Cash In Banks ;„  97,267 02
I Interest due and accrue^ on all
! Stocks and Loans
| Interest due and accrued on Bonds
! and mortgages 6,932 67
i Premiums in due Course of Collec-
j tion 24G.7M S3
I Rents due and accrued
| Due from other Companies for Re-
I Insurance on losses already paid.... .
Total Assets .12.396,523 98
LIABILITIES. ~
'Losses adjusted and unpaid
'■ Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense $18,95 A 2t
} Losses resisted, Including expenses...
Gross premiums on Risks running >
I one year or less, $84,944 67; rein-
; surance 50 per cent...'. 42,497 $3
1 Gross premiums on Risks running
| more than one year, $2,481,979 71;
| reinsurance pro rata 1,286, 70S 40
»
Total Liabilities .$1.346.187 OP
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for pre- :
miums •• $938,82192
Received for Interest on Bonds and
. Mortgagee •••
Received for Interest and dividends
I on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 97,790 24
Received for profit on Securities
sold 1,057 46
Profit and Loss collected 350 00
Special Mechanical Services 1,977 12
Total Income .$1,039.996 74
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ losses of previous
years) r.... $55,725 78
Dividends to Stockholders 50,000 00
Paid or allowed for . Commission or
Brokerag-e 220,002 80
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
. charges for officers, clerks, etc. .... 43,504 68
Paid for State, National and local
taxes ; 27,882 09
Paid for Inspections 329,157 33
All other payments and expenditures 155,121 08
Total Expenditures $891,393
Losses Incurred during tlje year .... $61,007 It
Risks and Premiums, j Risks. Premiums/
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $119,728,589 $1,067,183 9«
Net amount 'of Risks
i expired during the
year 1 114,059,200 1,012,034 30
' Net amount In force]
December 31. 1898. 280.000.098 I t, 8M, 974 88
J. M. ALLEN, President.
J. B. PIERCE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this SStli
day of January, 1809.
HENRY E. TAINTOR.
Notary Publio.
MANN &~WILSON,
GENERAL AGENTS,
306 SANSOmE ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
WeeMfCtSLOfliSWARSHIPS LINING UP
TO HONOR THE ADMIRAL
North Atlantic Squadron Proceeds to New
York to Participate in the Coming
Dew ey Celebration,
NKW YORK, Sept. 16.— T>d In by th«
flagship New York the Atlantic squad
ron, consiPting of the battle-ships In
dina and ;setts, second-class
battle-ship Texas and armored cruiser
Brooklyn, arrived in port to-day and
went to anchorage off Tompklnsvllle,
L. I. The squadron came from Phila
delphia, where it has been attending
the Grand Army encampment. It
comes here to take part in the Dewey
celebration.
Hear Admiral Sampson smiled after
.-.? a clipping from a morning
Lper which said that the New
York was to take carrier pigeons on
1 axid Eteam out to sea to look for
1 vwey. releasing the birds as soon as
• iympia was sighted.
'Dewey doesn't need any looking
. " the admiral said, as he handed
hvk the clipping. "This item," he
nued, "is a misconstruction of an
order which I have received directing
a dozen carrier pigeons from the
navy yard coop be received on board
New York, the birds to be released
when the Olympia is sighted corning
l;:to the harbor. There is no intention
<>f sending the New York to sea, so far
as I have been informed."
Nothing is yet known as to how
many of Dewey s captains will attend
the celebration. Invitations have been j
Bent to Captain Frank Wildos of the |
Boston, Captain Asa Walker of the
Concord, Captain Dyer of the Balti
more, ("aptain Joseph B. Coghlan of
the Raleigh, Commander Wood of the
PetrW and former Lieutenant Com
mander Reese of the Olympla,
Mrc». Gridley, widow of the captain of
the Olympia in the battle of Manila,
has ber;n invited. The committee will
arrange for the entertainment of these
■rs and their families during the
ration. Rear Admiral Schley,
who has bo-»n invited, probably will not
be in New York on Dewey day.
It is certain that many States will be
represented at the celebration by their
'.'V^mnrs. Invitations have been ac
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j Deafness, Catarrh in |
E all its forms, and |
I Diseases of the |
I Blood and Nervous 1
I System, Radically §
I and Permanently 1
1 Cured. I
Mr. La Selle, 160 Golden Gat* avenua, ■
I city, says: Last January I contracted w
I la "grippe, which settled In my entire m
■ system, but principally In my side. H
I "had sovere pains In my left siri>. run- I
I nlnir to the kidneys; the whole side was fc
B lr.fiaTn"d. Some physicians said it was d
5 rheumatism; others said I had an ab- I
j p.-< .-<= In the side and that an operation 1
would be necessary. They gave me ■
I medicine until my ears rang, and my [3
j nose bled, and which seriously affected B
my heart, compelling me to stay in Hj
I bed for weeks. I could not sleep with- !
I out the use of opiates. I could eat 9
I nothing and was rapidly losing In E
[weight. Thinking the climate might I
M have something to do with my condl- I
I tlon. I sold out my business and came ■
i to San Francisco. Shortly after my ar- P
I rival here I began treatment with Dr. I
I Fleckenstetn. and now after two months' I ,
treatment with him I am a well man I
I once more, and have rained over twenty H
I pounds in weight. j
«■ f\f% a. month Is the total ex- I
I Vn ■ II pense of treatment for any I
B t^tJa 1111 chronic ailment or malady, |
j VUiW... includes all medicine* |
I and appliances and our constant care H
I and attention until cured. S
I PATIENTS LIVING AT A PIS- I
I TAN'CE can be successfully treated by M
I the aid of I>r. Fleckenstein's symptom ■
j blanks and patients' record sheet*, sent ■
I free on application. [,
CONSULTATION FREE. j
It will cost you nothing to write or I
I call on us and have a diagnosis ma la H
I of your cape, an honest opinion what B
I can be done for it, and. If curable, how ■
I long it will take.
1 THE FLECKENSTEIN I
| MEDICAL INSTITUTE, j
3j EMPORIUM BUILDING, j
! 825 and 855 Market Street, I
Rooms 515. and 518, Fifth Floor. f
Office hour*— »a. m. to 12 m. B
I from 1 to 6 p. m. ; evenings, Tuesdays I
I and Fridays: Sundays, from 10 a. in. ■
to 12 m. £
CALIFORNIA
Standard Oil
COMPANY.
J. M MKRRELL, President.
Location of Property and Oil Wells,
McKITTRICK, KKRN CO.. CAL.
OFFICES: "^v
Rooms 15-18, Second Floor, Mills Building,
SAN FRANCISCO.
cepted by executives of New Hamp>
shire, Vermont, North Carolina, Ohio,
West Virginia, T'tah, Connecticut,
Pensylvania, Delaware, Georgia and
Rhode Island. Governor Stone of
Pennsylvania will be accompanied by
his staff.
The work on Dewey arch In Madison
square ended for the day at noon. It
was said to-day that the arch certainly
would be completed in time. In order
that there may be no question ahout
it the sculptors who have volunteered
their services are calling in their as
sistants and the work !s being pushed
on Sundays, as well as week days. #
CONFEDERATION
IS PRAYED FOR
Petition of South Aus
tralians.
Copyrighted. 1599, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Sept. 15.— The first address
praying for confederation arrived this
week from South Australia. Others *ro
expected soon. The Secretary of State
for the Colonies, Mr. Chamberlain, is ex
pected to bring in the Federal enabling
bill early next session, which is the only
step now required to fill the desire of the
Australians. The Joint majority in favor
of the commonwealth bill in the colony
is estimated at 200.000. Lord Jersey, it
is surmised, will be the first Uoverimr
General and Sir George Turner the first
Premk-r.
Lord Rosebery's speech September 9 at
the dinner of the Caledonian Railway em
ployes, comparing British and Ameican
railways, has created comment.
The Saturday Review contests the for
mer Premier's solution by painting out
that Great Britain has borrowed many
railroad improvements from the United
States and might borrow more.
The Speaker says: AniL-noa. has prob
ably not much to teach us in railway
management. Unless we can bring out
s' Ives to ad' pt American ways we .
our very modified oligarchs to the rail
way autocrats of the United Sti
i'he president of the Board of Agricul
ture, Walter Ixing, is the latest victim
of the church dispute, his Liverpool con
i stituents censuring him because he voted
I agaiim the church discipline bill, there
by gaining a reputation as a defender of
the ritualists, it Is likely he will resign.
The Irony of this lies in the fact that Mr.
Long is an extremely low church man and
. voted because he thought the bill
; from a legal point of view. Such an cx
i pianation, however, is powerless against
t the "no popery" cry of his constituents.
The British Admiralty is experiencing
! the same tumeulty as was encountered by
| the United States Navy Department last
year in finding good machinists for ships
; at smaller salaries than are paid by the
merchant marine. The British navy
I larks 500 men of the number of these arti
'• risers required to man vessels. To remedy
j this serious defeat it Is proposed to diviae
■ountry Into five marine engineering
I recruiting districts, each with an admir
alty agent, with a civilian engineer In
touch with the shipping centers, and
I maintain a substantial saiary and so
■ much for each recruit. The system has
I just commenced at Liverpool and Sun-
I derland, with signs of success.
The Secretary of War, the -Marquis of
■ Lansdowne, has Issued a circular to the
I general officers saving he has noticed
: that a predominant fashion exists among
I young officers to shave the upper lip, and
adding That thi£ Is much to be regretted.
The result is that many unfertile lips
are being coerced. The regulation against
I Ing the upper lip has been little ob
served of recent years, and its revival is
pular.
'1 he Globe, commenting on the letter of
the United States Secretary of State,
Colonel John Hay. anent the treaties,
says: "There can never be anything in
I the nature of a combative alliance be
tween the two great English-speaking
;•■ plea until each Is in a position to offer
"ther an equitable quid pro quo."
Kr;,.)rts from the great royal gathering
■ in Denmark say the Czar Is amusing him
self playing tennis, chiefly with the Prln-
Victoria of Wales. In the evenings
King < hristlan has a rubber of whist and
ail retire early, except the Czar, who
works into the small hours on state pa
pers, which are brought daily from St.
Petersburg. Russian und Danish detec
tives surround Bergsdorff Castle.
PAPER CHASE
AT MENLO PARK
Professor Babine and
Miss Splivalo Win.
Sp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
MKXT.O PARK, Sept 16.— A paper chase
was hold here to-. lay under the auspices
of Mm. Hastings and Miss Poorman. The
course was laid out across the fields of
the Sharon and adjoining estates south of
Menlo Park near the Stanford' stock farm.
There were seven starters— Miss Bpilvalo
«f Belmont. Miss Doyle Of Menlo Paik.
Miss Dyer of Alvarado, Mis? Alice Poor
man. Profesor AU-xiw V. Babine, Herbert
D. Walters and Sam Poorman.
After th* start the floid kept well to
rether over the hills and across the roll
fnp meadows for the whole seven miles,
making their appearance over th<^ last
slope in a bunch. Through the gap in
the fence a nuartT of a mile from the
finish Professor Babine, Misfl Spllvalo and
M!sh Dyer came abreast and there was an
exciting brush to the finish. Professor
Babine and Miss Splivalo leading and
ridlr.g past the flags in that order.
They were closely followed by Miss
Doyle, Miss Dyer and Mr. Walters. Miss
Poorman and Sam Poorman finished well
up. but outside the flags.
Following the chasn the guests rode to
the Poorman county home, where dainty
refreshments were served and the prize's
pr.'sentfKl. The first lady's prize, an ele
gant fliagree silver loving cup, was
awarded Miss Sniivalo. The first gentle
man's prize, a handsome drinking stein,
was presented to Professor Babine.
Santa Barbara Buys Land.
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 16.— T>:e
purchase of about 3000 acres of wa_ste
mountain lands by this city was made
to-day In accordance with an act
passed by the last Congress giving the
city of Santa Barbara an option on these
lands for water purposes. The city water
tunnel, which is now 3000 feet into the
mountain, will be pushed about 15,000 feet
more, a distance of throe miles, until the
Santa Ynez River Is reached. It will form
n water supply for this city. The pur
chase price was $1 25 an acre.
Pioneer Called Away.
PLACER VI L.T..E, Sept. 16.— John Dodd.
one of the oldest residents of El Dorado
County, died at his home near Kelsey to
day Mr. Dodd was a Territorial plonker
of California, havinp arrived In this
county early in 1849. For fifty years he
lived and mined in the Kelsoy district.
A widow and seven children survive him.
THE FAX FT* AN CISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
CLOSE OF THE CONFERENCE ON
USES AND ABUSES OF TRUSTS
William J. Bryan Declares That Legislation Is
the Proper Remedy for Combinations.
Bourke Cockran's Second Address.
CHICAGO, Sept. 16.— The conference
on the uses and abuses of trusts
closed its session here to-day in a blaze
of oratory in which Colonel William J.
Bryan and W. Bourke Cockran were
the central figures. Mr. Cockran fol
lowed the noted Nebraskan, but dis
claimed any intention of debating the
conclusions of his immediate predeces
sor and declaring his complete con
currence in much that Mr. Bryan had
said.
The Westerner had delivered the
! speech of the day during the forenoon
i amid frequent interruptions of tumult
| uous applause. Mr. Foulke of Indiana,
I commenting on the speech, made asser
! tions which Mr. Bryan desired further
ito discuss. He was requested to take
i the stage and complied, for the second
■ time facing a wildly enthusiastic house.
At the conclusion, Mr. Cockran arose
| and observed: "Just a few words."
j The spectators wanted more and re
i fused to subside until he had taken the
platform. He agreed with Mr. Bryan,
he said, but he wanted information.
Phe crowd which greeted Colonel
an when the doors were thrown
a amounted almost to a mob. Cen-
Musio Hall was jammed from pit
gallery with admirers of the Ne
braskan. When he had concluded his
! speech SO per cent of the audience de-
I parted, leaving a few straggling spec
tators to listen to the remaining speak
ers and the report of the committee
• on resolution.
Ex-Governor Luce of Michigan was
i chairman of this committee and he rtg-
I idly adhered to the resolutions passed
yesterday, in which it was resolved
that no resolutions giving the senti
| ment of the conference on the trust
| problems should be presented or con-
i sidered.
Mr. Keasley x>f Xew Jersey, a mem
ber of the committee, declared that he
j had spoken with Colonel Bryan, and
i that the latt-r had given it as his opin
j ion that the nature of the conference
j made resolutions expressive of senti
i ment on the problem out of place. He
proposed that to the original resolu
tions be added something to the effect
that the coneference had been of bene
fit to the delegates, had cleared thelf-
I minds of many doubts and enlightened
; their understanding. These suggestion*
were not considered.
The decision of the committee as
submitted in Chairman Luce's report
was unanimously adopted, as was a
motion put before the house thanking
tlu> Civic Federation for its entertain
ment of the d^legeites.
Other speakefs during the day were
J. H. Raymond, <J. W. Northrup Jr..
Professor David Kinley. T. B. Walker,
\V. W. Howe, "x-Senator Blair of New
Hampshire, Attorney General T. S.
Smith of Texas, J. B. Dill, A. Copeland.
W. D. Foulke, while many others took
part in the discussion which closed the
conference.
It was derided that those who had
j prepared speeches, but had not been al
lowed, owing to the limitation of the
programme, to read them, should de
liver them into th* hands of Secretary
Easley to be published In book form,
together with those which had been de
i llvered- from the stage.
In his principal speech during the
1 morning session, Mr. Bryan said:
The trust question has grown in lm
i portance. Within the past two years more
i trusts have been organized than were
i organized In all the previous history of
i the country, and the people now corns
! face to face with this question. Is the
! trust a blessing or a curse? it' a curse,
. what remedy can be applied to the
j curse? 1 want to start with the declar
| atlon that monopoly in private hands is
1 Indefensible from any standpoint and
Intolerable. One trust may be less harm
ful than another. One trust magnate may
; be more benevolent than another; but
! there is no good monopoly in private
! hands, and I do not believe it is safe for
BO< lety to permit any man or group of
I men to monopolize any article of mer
chandise or any branch of business.
The defense of the monopoly Is always
; placed on the ground that if you will
' allow people to control the market and
lix the price they will be good to the peo
ple who purchase of them. The entire de
' fense of the trusts rests upon a money
argument.
Jn the early years of Lincoln's admin
| istration he sent a message t" Congress,
and in that message he warned his coun
-1 trymen against the approach of monarchy,
i lie said it was the attempt to put capital
! upon an equal footing with, if not above,
: labor in the structure of government, and
; in that attempt he saw the approach of
monarchy. Lincoln was right. Whenever
you put capital on an equal footing with
labor, or above labor, in the structure of
i government you are on the road to aid-
Ing a government that rests not upon
i reason, but vipon force.
Nothing is more Important than that we
i shall, in the baginning. rightly under
stand the relation between money and
man. What is the purpose of trusts or
thy monopoly? For when 1 use the word
' "trust" I use it in the sense that the word
ns monopoly; and what is the pur
pose of monopoly?
The first advantage of a monopoly is to
lower the price of the raw material fur
i nlshed by the people to that combination.
i The next thing is, after you have bought
i up all the factories, to close a part of
! thpm and turn out of employment the
: men who are engaged In them, and If you
j will look over the country you will see
! whpre those enterprises, having come
1 under the control of the trusts, have been
closed up and stand now as silent monu
ments to the wisdom of the trust system.
We must recognize selfishness, and we
mu=t so make <mr laws that people shall
: not be permitted to trespass upon the
rights of others In their r-ffor*p to secure
, advantages for themselves. I believe that
society is Interested In the Independence
of every citizen. Society is interested In
this, because if a man dies and leaves no
provision for his wife and children the
i burden falls upon society.
I believe that the principle of monopoly
fiiids its inspiration in the desire of men
to secure by monopoly what they cannot
secure in the open field of competition.
: Another thing that, to my judgment, has
aided monopoly is a high tarlfT. Nobody
can dispute th.it ft tariff law, import duty,
enables a trufet to charge for Its product
the pri'e of a similar foreign product,
plus the tariff.
Now, some have suggested that to put
everything on the free lists that trusts
make would destroy the trusts. I dn not
agree with this statement, as It is made so
. broadly. I believe that the high tariff has
; aided the trust to collect more than the
trust otherwise could collect. But I do
not believe that you could destroy nil
trusts by putting all trust-made articles
on the tree list. Why? Because tf an
article can be produced in this country
as cheaply as it can bo produced abroad.
: the trust could exist without the benellt
: of any tariff at all. although It could not
! extort so much as It could with the tar
iff, and while some relief may come with
'. modifications of the tariff we cannot de
! stroy monopoly until we lay the ax at
the root of the tree and make monopoly
impossible by law.
It has been suggested that discrimina
tion by railroads has aided the trusts.
There is no question that discrimination
and favoritism, secured by "ne corpora
■ tlon against another, has been largely in
strumental in enabling a desired raonop-
I oly to become practically a complete mo
| nopoly.
Now that can be remedied by laws that
j will prevent this discrimination, and when
' we prevent the discrimination, still mo
! nopoly may exist. The remedy must be
' complete enough to prevent the organi
i zation of n monopoly. Both State ann
'■ P'ederal government should hava reme
i dies.
I believe that Congress has the power
to place such restrictions and limitations,
i even to the point of prevention, upon any
I corporation organized In one State that
wants to <Jo business outside of the
State.
Now, I believe that these concurrent
remedies will reach the difficulty: That
the people of every State shall first de
cide whether or not they want to create a
corporation; that they shall, secondly, de
cide whether they want any outside cor
poration to do business in the State, and
1f so, upon what conditions: and, thirdly,
that Congress shall exercise the right to
place upon every corporation doing busi
ness outside of the State in which it is
organized similar restrictions as may be
needed for the public good.
If it is unconstitutional and so de
clared by the Supreme Court, I am in fa
vor of an amendment to the constitution
that will give to Congress power to de
stroy every trust in the country. The
tirstcondition which I suggested was that
no water should be allowed in the Btock.
I do not believe that any State should
permit the organization of any corpora
tion with a single drop of water in the
stock of that corporation.
If a license is granted, then the first
conditions can be that any corporation
desiring to do business outside of the
State in which it is organized shall bring
to that board or body proof that the
stock is bona fide and that there is no
water in it. In my judgment when you
take frcm monopoly th*> power to issue
stock represented by no money you wi!l
go more than half "the way toward de
stroying monopoly in the I'nited States.
You can provide fur publicity and that
annually or at oth^r times the corpor
ations shall make returns of Its business,
and when you provide for publicity so
that the puMic shall know Just what
there is in the corporation you will go an
other long «tpp toward the destruction
of the principle of monopoly.
A third condition 1 suggest Is that this,
li'-'-nse shall -not be granted until the cor
poration shall show that it has not had
a monopoly and is not attempting a
monopoly of any branch of Industry or
any article of me'rehandise, and to provide
that if the law is violated the license can
be revoked.
Now. I may be mistaken, but it has
seemed to me that this method of dealing
with the trusts would prove an effective
method. 1 do not believe it is the natural
outgrowth of unnatural conditions created
by man-made laws. You cannot hide be
hind the doctrine that it is here and you
cannot get rid of it. I believe that the
American people can get rid of anything
that they don't want, and that they ought
to get rid of everything that is not good.
I believe that the Declaration of Inde
pendence was the grandest document ever
penned by human hands. The truths of
that declaration are condensed into four
great propositions— that all men are cre
ated equal ; that they are endowed with
Inalienable rights; that governments are
instituted among men to preserve these
rights, and that governments derive their
Just powers from the consent of the gov
erned. Such a government Is impossible
under industrial aristocracy. Place the
food and clothing and all that we eat and
wear and use In the hands of a few people
and Instead of being a government by the
people it will be a government of the syn
dicates by the syndicates and for the syn
dicates. Establish such a government and
the people will soon be powerless to secure
a legislative remedy for any abuse.
I am not willing to place the laboring
men of this country absolutely at the
mercy of the heads of monopolies. When
you control the price that a man is to re
ceive for what he produced, you control
the price that he is to receive for the
labor in the production of that thing.
Some people have tried to separate the
laboring man who works in the factory
from the workingman who works on the
farm. I warn the laboring men in the
factories that when they join with the
monopolies to crush the farmer, as soon
ns the farmer is crushed the laboring man
will be crushed, and his ally will be de
stroyed; and In a test of endurance the
farmer will stand It longer than tho labor
ing man. The farmer was the first man
on the scene when civilization began, and
he will be the last one to disappear.
But. my friends, why should we try to
see who could hold out the longest in suf
fering? For one hundred years all na
tions have looked to this nation for hope
and instruction. Lft us settle these gr.-at
questions that we have; let us teach the
wo^d the blessing of a government that
comes from the people, and let us sh>w
them how happy and how prosperous peo
ple can be.
The afternoon session opened with
addresses by Attorney General Smith
of Texas and James Dill, who had a
hand in the framing of the New Jor
sey trust law. A general discussion
followed, which resulted in both
Colonel Bryan and Bourke Cockran
taking the platform. W. I>. Foulke "f
Indiana made a short speech, in which
he declared that he failed to sea that
the remedies proposed by Colonel
Bryan in the latter's speech during the
morning session could result in the at
tainment of the object sought for.
Colonel Bryan, who was sitting in
the back part of the hall, arose and.
amid cheering, started to reply. Before
he had uttered a dozen words, however,
cries of "Take the platform!" came
from all parts of the hall, and with a
smile he did so. In concluding his
speech Mr. Bryan said:
I do rot believe it necessary for 119
to sit down quietly and permit a great ag
gregation of wealth to strangle every
competitor. I do not believe that it is in
SHE WANTED TO
BE A SAILOR
Young Lady Runs Away
From Home.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORT TOWNSBND, Sept. 16.— Lov© of
the sea and a desire for a life on the
ocean wave induced Miss Kate Ross, aged
■J2. a leading society young lady of Bal
iard, Wash., to run away from home.
Last evening Miss Koss left her home,
announcing that she was going fur a row
on the bay. according to her custom. In
stead of Returning at the usual hour she
continued her journey down ttio Sound in
her frail craft until the reached the en
trance, to Fuca Straits, a distance of forty
miles, where a heavy swell was running.
Her courage failed her and she hailed a
passing steamer and she and her boat
were taken aboard and landed at Seattle.
She then boarded a steamer for Victoria,
arriving here this morning. Being recog
nized on tho passage from Seattle, the
Chief of Police was notified and ahe was
brought ashore and her relatives Informed
of her whereabouts.
Owing to her social standing, when she
disappeared great excitement prevailed in
Billiard, and searching parties started
out both by land and water and the
search was continued for four days, and
she was given up as having been drowned.
The only explanation she would give of
her strange conduct was that she wanted
to become a sailor, stating thnt she had
a fascination for the sea. While In charge
of toe Chief of Police here she begged
most piteously not to be sent to her home
In Rallard. but to be allowed to ship as
cook or stewardess on one of the vessels
in this port. She belongs to one of the.
pioneer families of Pugot Sound and is
highly respected, and her strang-e freak
is unaccountable to her friends and rela
tives.
Cadet Sylvester Dies.
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 16.— James J. Syl
vester, the St. Louis boy who was a cadet
on tho United States coast survey steamer
Pathfinder and who was brought ashore
from that vessel yesterday suffering from
appendicitis, died at Coronado to-night:
Death of Mrs. Miller.
WOODLAND. Sept. ML— Mrs. J. M. Mil
ler, wife of a prominent and influential
farmer of Grand Island, died on Friday
afternoon. Interment will be in Woodland
to-morrow.
accord with our dignity as a people, or
in accordance with the rights of the peo
ple 10 say because a great corporation is
organized that therefore It should be per
mitted to go Into the field of a new cor
poration, undersell it until it bankrupts
it, raising the money by higher prices
somewhere else. I do not think it is neces
sary for us to do that. I haveonlysuggest
ed a plan. It may not he the best plan.
If you have anything better propose it.
If there is any amendment that you can
think of that will improve it suggest it.
I am arxious to accept anything.
Let me suggest one other thing that I
believe will be a step in the right direc
tion. The great trouble has been that
while our platforms denounce corpora
tions corporations control the elections
and place under obligation to them the
men who are elected to enforce the law.
(Applause.)
Cet me propose a remedy— not a remedy,
but a step. I think, in the right direction.
Let the laws. State and national, make it
a penal offense for any corporation to
contribute to the campaign fund of any
political party. (Continued cheers arid ap
plause, i Nebraska has such a law. passed
two vrars at;o. Such a law was passed,
or was introduced, in the State of New
York, but so far it has not reached the
stage of actual law in the State of New
York. <Laughter. >
Now, I believe it is a step in the right
direction. You remember the testimony
takf-n before a Senate committee a few
years ngn, when the head of the sugar
trust testified that the sugar trust made
it its business to contribute to campaign
funds, and when ;isked to which it con
tributed It replied that it depended upon
circumstance.-;. "To which one do you
contribute in Massachusetts?" was asked.
"To the Republican fund." "To which
fund in New STork?" "To the Democratic
fund." "To what fund in New Jersey?"
and the man says. "W>ll, I will have to
look at the books; thnt is a doubtful
State." (Continued laughter and ap
plause.)
Now, that is almost a literal reproduc
tion of the testimony of one great cor
poration on the subject of campaign con
tribution. I do not mean to say that that
remedy would be a complete one. but 1
believe that if you prevent a corporation
from contributing to campaign funds
you take a step In the right direction
toward better legislation, because some
corporations are compelled to contribute.
They are blackmailed into contributions,
and such a law would protect a corpora
tion that did not want to contribute and
also prevent a corporation from contrib
uting that did .want to contribute. If
the people are in earnest they can do it,
and you can never do anything in this
country until the people are In earnest,
and when the American people under
stand what the monopoly question means
I believe that there will be no power,
political, financial or otherwise, to pre
vent the people from taking possession
of every branch of the government from
President to the Supreme Court and mak
ing t?ie Government responsible to th©
people's will. (.Great cheers and ap
plau.- .)
At the conclusion of Colonel Bryan's
address Bourke Cockran arose and
started to speak from his seat in the
hall, but in response to cheers and calls
to "Come to the front," he took the
platform. Mr. Cockran said in part:
Just one moment while I express my
complete concurrence In much that Mr.
Bryan has said. If there be a monopoly
that oppresses, I believe that there is no
constitutional limitation, there is no pro
vision of government, there is no power
on earth against these people redressing
a wrong when it becomes a wrong.
The question to which I think the at
tention of this conference should be di
rected Is whether this one exists and
where It is.
Now, who is hurt and where? Where
has this octopus got possession of some
body? On whom is it acting? Where is !
its lair? I am free to confess that when
you call an aggregation of capital— a com
bination—a hydra-headed monster— an oc
topus—it don't cast any light upon It that
illumines my pathway. 1 can understand
how the use of these phrases can have i
some effect, as nothing frightens people I
so much as incomprehensive names. Let i
a noise be h«-arcl now that none of us
understand and we will all be looking out
of the windows.
Now, men can be put to intellectual and
physical rtigtit by the terrifying noises of
sound. What is that we hear? Are we
doing pretty well? Well, we have had
here reports of labor organizations who
have been telling us that wages are
higher to-day than they ever have been.
Certainly they do not seem to Butter. We
are told that it is not the dollar that we
want, but we want the man. Well, what
is the purpose of the dollar if not to
improve the condition of the man?
i Laughter.)
If you want competition, must not some
body succeed In it? Will you suppress the
man because he excels another so far that
he constitutes a monopoly? Are you go-
Ing to place, limits upon excellency? We
seem to have drifted Into an atmosphere
of bigness concerning what Is called the
evil of monopoly. Now there has been, no
evil given that has been attributed to
monopoly here, against which, if it exist
ed, I would not be entitled under the ban
ner of those to suppress it. If It be an
evil thing— if you can show evil upon it —
I do not hesitate to adopt Mr. Bryan's
remedy.
If you point out to me, as Mr. Bryan did
this "morning, the fact that we have not
Been the evils of this monopoly yet, why,
then. I say, you are simply creating a
fanciful picture; your excessive affection
for your fellows has conjured a grade of
evils" that exist only in your brain.
If we realize for the moment that this
is an age of improvement, that the condi
tions of men are growing better and bet
ter, we ought to hesitate a while before
we change to take the side, maybe, for
one of fanciful experiments.
Great cheering greeted the conclu
sion of Mr. Cockran'a speech. General
discussion was then resumed. Ex-Sen
ator Blair of New Hampshire and
William Wirt Howe of New Orleans
read short papers. Soon after, on the
motion of Congressman John W. Gains
of Tennessee, the conference passed a
vote of thanks to the Civic Federation
for the courtesy shown the visiting
delegates.
The conference then adjourned sine
die.
All the virtues of
barley and hops are
retained in
Extra Pale
by expert brewing.
It is then aged in ice-
cold vaults; then fil-
tered, and--after
bottling — sterilized.
It comes to your
table a health-giving,
health-retaining bev-
erage — acceptable to
the invalid and the
athlete. Quarts. P***. batffW*
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California nottiinjt Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
FRANCE ESCAPED BY
THE NARROWEST MARGIN
It Is Declared That Deroulede Could Have
Executed a Coup on the
Republic.
8 PARIS, Sept. 16.— La Llberte publishes a report of an Interview -with ft
•a Deputy La Qresse, who was received by the Premier, M. Waldeck-Rous- g
j» Beau, yesterday. The Premier, the Deputy says, declared that theOrlean- 5
i i 5 ists had a wonderful organization and that the Due d'Orleans had been w
j H on the point of entering Paris. He also said that the anti-Semitic and g$
g patriotic leagues, at a sign from Deroulede, could have put 20,000 men Q
O In the streets of Paris, and that the republic had escaped a coup de force gj
28 by the narrowest margin. O
£ The charges of complicity in the alleged conspiracy to bring about a 8S
change in the form of government will not be prosecuted in the cases of ££
~ forty-five prisoners, including the printers of the Anti-Juif, who Wave al- q
ready left Fort Chabrol, and butchers who attempted to supply M. I
Querin with provisions. This leaves twenty-two prisoners to be dealt H
0 with, although the Senate, sitting as a high court, may reinstitute pro- q!
♦S ceedings against the above mentioned forty-five prisoners. •*
TAX DECISION WILL NOT
CRIPPLE THE UNIVERSITY
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 16.-
The announcement of the decision of the
Supreme Court holding that Mrs. Stan
ford must pay an inheritance tax of near
ly a quarter of a million dollars to the
State of California aroused considerable
anxiety in university circles to-day. Manx
feared that the loss of such a large sum
of money would in a measure cripple the
working 1 efficiency of the university for
the present.
President Jordan, when seen thi9 morn-
Ing, expressed neither surprise nor anx
iety over the situation. "I have rather
been expecting such a decision," he said,
"for I considered that the law was
I against us. However, if the decision
ADVERTISEMENTS.
! n A 4: rm**t n** r r «n, 111 Dnr+n varicocele AND HYDROCELE
rSTIBnfS NDm A ISMS Diseases, which the doctor has been
| I UIIUIIIU I lUIII nil I UIIU treatin g" successfully for the past
: m , II • twenty years, and when he undertakes
! Of thG Union to-att he3edlBeasescuresar 3g U ar-
! WEAK, NERVOUS MENtKS^SE
| shattered nervous system caused by
9 in r ■ i overwork, excesses and self-abuse, re-
-9 PniHQ tn \Jin PrflnPlQPn TO suiting in weakness of body and brain,
> UUIIIC IU Odll rldllblObU IU night emissions, losses in the urine.
-, * dizziness, falling memory, lack of con-
i TrAftf 11/Ult Fir CuiAnnii fidence and ambition, pains in the
I I FGSI W ill Ufi OWoanYi **<**■ lQinB and kidneys, and other dls-
i IIUUt 11111 l Uli UnVUIIJi tressing symptoms, unfitting one for
9 , business or pleasure. My special sys-
) ■ tern of treatment will cure YOU, re-
!,,,_"_ i . .i store your physical and sexual health
i His Great Cures and Achieve- n, ft . S u t o«e^o M o a »« i a»on s
> ments as a Specialist, falled - , ti
) _ !sTOMACH-Catarrh. p? vl Ca eratlon eRt a o nd
f n weakness, pain and fullness after eat-
> Thousands of people have been made ing, heartburn, etc.
) happy and healthy in the past through [CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON
! S ataMMfiSJSK sfSTtSSS;. SS» SSSp"S:
) sion and foremost authority in the oif-; and thoroughly cured and even,- trace
) ferent diseases which he treats as a o f the poison eradicated from the sys-
k specialist. During the month of Au- tern forever, restoring health and
) gust patients from all parts of th*- purity.
> United States, some traveling as much |HFARr Palpitations, irregular pulsa-
k as 2SOO miles, have come to San Fran- 1 "-™" * tlons, valvular diseases, weak
I cisco to be treated by this celebrated fatty heart, dropsy and rheuma-
I specialist. " i tism of the heart - languid circulation,
» /S^^^Ult DISEASES OF RECTUM "PTPftj
> JiW "* ss *^ (hemorrhoids) Internal or protruding,
) /^^ itchlngs. excoriations, etc.. positively
> Wts-' » cured without the use of knife.
) JBl a UIFIMFYS Inflammation of the kld-
i (Mat - X mul neys. Bright's disease, dia-
> BwlsLi' J&vtS&bo 4^*^,9 betes congestion, of the kidneys, urae-
> T^W ZtZrtK&f t^sSt-'f' mia, ' gravel ("tone, all scientifically
if»i» *-* m -S£«' \2^^"'l[ . and successfully treated by my com-
. \sva \ R bined electro-medical treatment.
I \ '#ail (.*».*/ v Rl AnnFR Inflammation, cystitis,
) X'M' /;»<S>sT*irv I hlAUl>rr\. cyserrhea. catarrh of
t V $ A&- r^t6A'- •» the bladder. Thesp distressing diseases
\ WffitfMsS^ — ia^S'^'- invariably yield to this system of com-
l ({&''&? ''Wtit SgU&£P. J bi'ned treatment.
#»^*iPaX ;W*<BH*mV lIVFR-SPIFEN All diseases of the
* xMrJ-^^k^^-^^^m^^mr^ LIVLK-3I'LLLI>. Jlver> jaundice _ clr .
I C^i : M^T oo>^^^J^W^> ! rhosis, gall stone, congestion and all
9^^H^i^Ti>i^^r\ organic and functional disorders, bow-
ftfo'l- W^^^^J-s^^i^^l^-^' els. diarrhea, dysentery. Inflammation
-• ■''—>»»« — ~— i - '»— and a]l , rvous and reflex disorders,
) Dr. Sweany's skill, his greatness and rheumatism.
i his achievements, has spread to such
)an extent that hardly a day passes but a+tr\r\c\ *11K 9 ? *♦• A
I the doctor places under treatment pa- §IUUU Will De TOPTeiieu
9 tients from distant and adjoining »_ Q n\j r»c;e O? Rheu-
-9 States, who had given up all hope oflOP any CBSe OI n - llcu
> ever being cured of their aliments. matiSlT!, Sciatica, Lum-
-9 During the past week patients have . id
9 been dismissed as permanently cured, ba^O, VaPiCOCele, Klip-
J and deDarted for their homes In far . I cf IV|»nhnnd M*
9 away Pennsylvania. Tennessee, lowa, tUre, LOSt mannOOQ OP
I British Columbia. Montana, Wyoming. SvnhillS which the doC-
" Colorado, Arizona, New Mexico, Idaho V - J « y ** . .
| and Nevada. Each and every patient tOP Cannot immediately
9 Jifgh in theiTp r raise S s IK for^he o men^ and pepmanently
9 which they received at the hands of : _ _^ l v hi« new tPeat"
9 Dr. Sweany. Space will not permit go- cure v - lIIC * llcvv " *****
9 ing into details in regard to the cures merit and twentieth Cen-
l effected, but an enumeration of the . - » •
9 diseases successfully treated might be tUPy metnOCl OI CUPing
[ mentioned. disease.
i RIIPTIIHFBv the doctor's new method,
k nuriUftL whereby the patient is not !
I compelled to submit to a dangerous: REFERENCES: All the lead-
i oneration and where there Is no de- ... • . •
( tentlon from business; a painless cure, ing banks and business houses.
\ Electricity in all Its Various Forms Ad-
! ministered in Connection With the
j PUREST OF MEDICINES.
I . DISEASES OF WOMEN.
I I take special pride in the success which has attended my efforts in the
' treatment of diseases of women. Permanent, and satisfactory cures in all-
-9 ments produced by abnormal or unnatural conditions of the female organs,
> painful menstruation. irregularities, barrenness, inflammation, hysteria, pain
I in back and lcins, neuralgia, dullness of vision, smarting pain and itching of
) the parts, bearing down, leucorrhoea or whites, and other complaints which
I often result in great prostration and nervousness. My mode of treatment; for
! diseases of women, which includes static, feradic and galvanic electricity, is
* superior to that of any other specialist in America.
!TO PATIENTS WHO LIVE AT DISTANCE
I A personal visit is always to be preferred, but for those who are unable
I to call I have developed a system of home treatment, which is entirely sue-
! cessful, by means of which thousands who were unable to call at the office
[ have been cured at home. To all applicants by mall for treatment I send in plain
' envelope a carefully prepared list of questions, which, when filled out and
* returned, I am able to correctly diagnose the case and prescribe treatment,
> which will be guaranteed to cure. No incurable cases taken.
j - .
I F. L. SWEANY, M. D,,
!| 737 Market Street.
J San Francisco, Cal.
» Office hours— A. M. to 5 P. M., and 7to 8. P. M. Sunday, 10 A. M. to IP. M. '
o!io?io**ouo ?i o % o fi o ?s o gaagonoß
stands It will not embarrass the univer
sity in a financial way In the least, for
Mrs. Stanford has held the sum Involved
in abeyance, so that we are prepared to
pay it over whenever so ordered by the
court. Of course, we regret losing the use
of such a sum of money, for we feel that
we could invest it to good advantage
here."
"The law which works such a peculiar
hardship on the Stanford estate is one
taken from the New York code by our
legislators only a year or so before Sen
ator Stanford's death. When Senator
Stanford died, in 1893, the law was still
In effect, hence the State's claim upon 5
per cent of the property left to the uni
versity in his will. Since then the law
has been repealed, but this has not invali
dated the claim against us. I consider
that the law works a hardship upon us,
yet still it is the law. and we must suffer
by It. The time Is soon coming when the
State of California will be more grateful
toward the gifts of her generous citizen*."
34
MEN WHO ARE CANDIDATES FOR THE
GOVERNORSHIP OF VARIOUS STATES
NEW TORK, Sept. 16.— Sketches
of the lives of some of the men
■who have been nominated for
Governor in various Eastern
and Southern States will be
read with considerable interest. Many
of the candidates for the highest honor
that a State can give are srif-made
men in every sense of the word. Here Is
a record of the men who are to be voted
for at the coming fall elections In Ken-
tucky, Maryland, Ohio, Mississippi,
lowa and Massachusetts:
OHIO
O-orge K. Nash, the Republican nomi
ne' 1 for Governor, was born on a farm i:i
Medina, Ohio, August 14, 1842. At the age
he entered Oberiln college, but left
that institution to enter the army, serv
b a private. After the close of the
war he studio. l law and was admitted to
ir In 1567. He served as chief clerk
in the office of the Secretary of State in
ad in the latter yt-ar was
iting Attorney of Frank
'iimy, being i to that office
two yean later. He was defeated for
reau in Wti. but was e!ecn-ci Attor
'.• neral of the State in 1577, 1^79 and
>>1. He then Berved as Judge on tho Su-
Court Commission, to which he
ppointed by Governor Charles Fos
ter. Judge Nash was chairman of tlia
Republican State Executive Committee
\:\ Uv campaigns <>f 1880, 1881, 1882 and
IW. when notable victories were achieved.
J"hn R. McLean, who received the Dem
tic nomination, was born in Cincin
nati in 1848. His father was a pretty
: olitician long aj ■ j the Buck
eyes. "Wash" McLean, as he was called,
had a way <>f Bhaping up the policy of
the Ohio Democracy, and oftet* dictated
When John R. finished
■ Harvard course an<! grew tired of
travel in Europe he returned to Cincin
nati to find the Enquirer, a pretty pow
erful newspaper, waiting for him. He
office bo li( <i news
g with the reporters. He helped the
pressmen and did jobs in the counting
r'x>m. and when hi? father was convh 1
that he understood thf> craft h.- trans
ferred his Interest to the son. That w.ts
In >7:i. The late John A. Cnckerill was
then editor, and young McLean took
cnckfiill'p place at the helm in 1577. In
lfM he acquired th<- entire property, and
wholly unhampered ho set to work
to spread it? influf nee nn d build II
hfgh-r. This he accomplished by the •x
--ture of .-! tireless energy. Mr. Mc-
Lean has ever been a Democrat, bu) he
is unalterably opposed to civil service re
form.
MARYLAND.
Lloyd Lound^s, the present Governor of
Maryland, who was renomlnated by the
Republicans, was born in Clarksburg', W.
Va., February 21. m:,. His father and
grandfather before him were prominent
men of the State. He was graduated from
Allegheny College, Meadville. Pa., in ISOT,
and from the law school of the University
of Pennsylvania i In IRT2 he was elected to
Congress by a majority of 1700. He was
then only 28 years of age, being at the
time the youngest member In the House.
In 1874 he was renominated, but failed of
an election by fifty votes. Subsequently
he was a member of the national conven
tion which nominated Garrield, and was
one of the "World's Fair Commissioners
for Maryland. In 1593, after an exciting
canvass, Mr. I,ound<--s was nominated by
the Republicans for Governor, to which
office he was elected by IROO majority. He
is connected with many important "com
mercial enterprises.
John Walter Smith, Democratic candi
date for Governor, was born In Snow Hill,
Worcester County, Md.. and is to every
sense of the word a self-made man. His
parents died before he was 6 years old
leaving him comparatively little. He re
ceived a good education, and when IS
years old became a clerk in a store, and
eventually a member of the firm of Rich
ardson, Moore & Smith, which is now
Smith, Moore & Co. This house handles
the lumber turned out from upward of
twenty sawmills and does a business of
half a million yearly. Colonel Smith 13
also Interested In the Surrey Lumber
Company of Surrey County. Virginia,
which owns a railroad and large tracts
of fine timber in Virginia and North Car
olina. He has interests in the canning
POSTHOORN GIN.
The Finest Made in America.
CHARLES MEINECKE & CO.,
AOENTB PACIFIC COAST,
314 B»cr»mento St., Ban Fnnoljoo, 0i
business, is president of the First Nation- :
\k of Snow Hill and a director in the
Delaware. Maryland and Virginia Rail
way company. He has served a terra in
Congress.
KENTUCKY.
AVilliam Sylvester Taylor, the Republi
can nominee for Governor, was born In a
log cabin on Greene River', in Butler
County, one of the poorest and most In
accessible districts of Kentucky. His
parents were so poor that he did not go
to school until he was 15 years old, but he
a good student and he made remark
able progress. His first ambition was to
become a teacher, and he soon fitted him-
Belf to take charge of a "district school."
He was very successful and educated him
self while teaching. In 1888 he was elect
ed County Judge after a hard fight. In
: Lde a delegate to the Re
publican National Convention In Chicago.
It, LB9O he was re-elected County Ju.ige. In
1895 he was given the nomination fur At
torney General of the State, and made
an active fight for the ticket, which was
triumphantly elected. Mr. Taylor la mar
ried and has seven children. He is a de
vout member of th.^ Presbyterian church.
In which he is a ruling elder, ami neither
drinks, smnk'-s, swears nor Rttends thea
ter? He has never b< en a hors< ra ■
knows nothing of Bodety, but is a fine
■ Bpeaker and a most adroit poli
tician. , _
William Goebel was born in Pennsyl
vania about forty years ago, l.nt the ex
t been stated in any of the
The I>• mocratic nom
were poor and I
mans and William suppoi .•
. - able. In some manner he at
.l the attention r -f former Benator
ernqr John W. Stevenson,
who t^ok him Into his offlc< . where the
vuuthful Goebel read law and eventually
me the partner of his instructor.
Governor Stevenson made Mr. Goebel the
executor of his large estate, which he
WILL VOTE FOR
MUNICIPAL GAS
A Special Election at
Santa Clara.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CLARA, Sept. 16.— The question
of voting $30,000 worth of bonds for the
construction of municipal gas works Is tc
be decided at a special election in this
city next Wednesday. Great Interest is
being manifested in this question, for If
the proposition carries It will be the first
gas works to pass under municipal owner
ship in this State-
All of the heaviest taxpayers of the
town, with the exception of two or three,
are open in their advocacy of the project.
The Hoard of Town Trustees has made a
canvass of the town and has secured
promise of a gas consumption sufficient
to pay the operating expenses and also
the Interest and annual installment of the
bonded debt.
At present the San Jose Light and
Power Company partially supplies the
town, charging $2 76 per thousand feet
when used for lightingpurposes and J2 25
when used for fuel. This company has
interested itself to defeat the proposition
Yesterday It caused anonymous circulars
to be distributed, wherein it was charged
that the Town Trustees were favoring the
project because they would have a large
sum of money to handle. Inasmuch us
thlß city has always been free from
charges of municipal corruption and mis
management, such statements have
aroused the greatest indignation.
The Town Trustees are the moat promi
nent citizens and represent property in
ti r< Btfl In the town more than equal to
one-tenth of the entire assessment roll.
The outlook now Is that the project will
earn' by a big vote, the anonymous cir
culars having had a reactionary effect.
BURDETTE RECOVERING.
Famous HumorisF Reported as Rest-
ing Easy.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.— Robert J.
Burdette. who is suffering from a severe
attack of vertigo, the result of overwork,
is reported as resting easily at his Pas
adena home to-day and his recovery Is
confidently expected.
Quiet in Peru.
LIMA, Peru, Sept. 16.— The Government
declares there is no truth in the report
that a revolutionary invasion of the
South occurred last night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
: still holds in trust. Twelve years ago
Mr. Goebel was elected to the State Sen
ate and he has served there ever since
as the representative of Kenton County.
He has also made himself the master of
the political machine, first in his city and
tinally In the whole State. Mr. Goebel
is a very successful lawyer and unmar
ried.
John Young Brown, unlike his two op-
Eonents, who are self-made men of hum-
It birth, is a scion of Kentucky aristoc
j racy and is the only one who was given
) a collegiate education. He was uorn in
Hardin County on June 28. 1845. He was
graduated from Centre College in 1559;
studied law and at once entered upon the
practice of his profession. He had early
I taken interest in politics and was a noted
i stump speaker when a boy in his teens.
! So great became his reputation that in
| 1559, before he was of age, he was elect
| ed to Congress, but being undf>r age did |
i not take his seat until his twenty-fifth
birthday. In li-tW he stumped the State
against \V. C. Hreckinridge. also a bril
liant and popular young orator. In I£fi7
Mr. Brown was elected to Cnngrpss, but
was unstated by the Republicans. He
waa re-elected to the forty-third, forty
fourth, forty-fifth and forty-sixth Con
gresses. He voluntarily retired from poli
tics and did not re-enter public life until
1891, when he was chosen Governor by a
largo majority. He served his term and
in 1896 made the race for congress in
Louisville as a Silver Democrat, but was
defeated.
MASSACHUSETTS.
Winthrop Murray Crane, the Republican
candidate for Governor, has been Lieu
tenant Governor of Massachusetts for
three terms and graduates without
dissent into the candidacy for the
higher office. He wsts born in 1853
in Dalton, Mass., where he has had his
home ever since, and was educated in the .
public schools and at Williston Seminary. \
Mr. Crane was brought up in the business i
of paper-making, as he is the son of .
POPE INSTRUCTS
FRENCH CLERGY
Omits All Reference to
Dreyfus Case,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME. Sept. 16.— The Pope's letter to
the French people Is one of the longest
documents his Holiness ever wrote. It
Is written In French and is addressed to
j the Bishops and clergy of France, who
j are given minute instructions in regard
i to the education of the people and their
duties in the matter of charity by means
of spiritual works. especially among
workingmen. There is no allusion to the
Dreyfus affair. An appeal for pacifica
tion of spirit Is an indirect reference.
PARIS. Sept It?.— The anxiously ex
pected encyclical letter of the Pope to the
French people was Issued to-day and will
api.>< ar in to-morrow's edition of the
I'nlverse. It does not refer to the Drey
| fus case, being devoted entirely to the
| duties and mission of the French clergy.
The Pope highly praises their pure lives,
ardent faith and spirit of devotion and
self-sacrifice. He urges them to pursue
scientific studies, which he says are nec
essary to combat the teachings of ag
nostics. Above all he Inculcates obedl
ence to Bishops, and tells them to avoid
public meetings.
The Pope reminds them that he recently
i warned American Catholics to beware of
I innovations tending to replace the prin
i clples of Christian perfection by manners
'■ more or less impregnated with natural
ism. The encyclical highly applauds mod
ern progress and says: "We desire to
w» Icome an increase in the patronage of
sciences and anything else that may con
tribute to augment or spread public pros
! perity. but we add that the wise author
i Ity of the church is necessary in order
j that such progress may efficaciously serve
the cause of God."
FLOODS IN GERMANY.
Izer Rises Rapidly and Part of
Munich Is Overflown.
BERLIN, Sept. 16.— The terrific rain
storms in the whole eastern part of South
ern Germany did great damage. The
temperature dropped almost to the freez
ing point in many localities. Much snow
fell in the Bavarian Alps and even in the
valleys. The Izer rose suddenly. Munich
was overflowed, and in the sports exhibi
tion, held on an Island, most of the
buildings were under water.
Advances made on furniture and planoa, with
or without removal. J.,NooiJtua, 1017-1023 Mission.
Zenas M. Crane and grandson of Zenas
Crane, who a hundred years ago founded
the great paper industry in Western Mas
sachusetts. When IT years old Mr. Crane
■went to work in his father's mills, and
now owns, with his brother Zenas, four
important paper plants on the banks of
the Housatonic. Theye mills are the old
Berkshire, Pioneer, Bay State and Gov
ernment. Since 1579 the firm has manu
factured the bond paper for the National
Government, the first contract then made
by W. Murray Crane having been re
newed annually. Mr. Crane is probably
the richest man in Massachusetts politics.
Alexander Bern Bruce is for the second
time the Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor of Massachusetts. Mr. Bruce comes
with a strong backing from the manufac
turing districts, as he has repeatedly
served as Mayor of Lawrence and has
earned his popularity in the northern part
of the State. He is emphatically a s9lf
made man. He was born in Scotland in
1863, ; ; d ai an early n^-; came to this
country with his parents, living at An
dover until his fifteenth year. At that
age he secured work at the cracker bak
ery of the late Johnathan P. Kent, and
at "1 had worked his way up to the posi
tion of foreman. In l v sl he secured a
partnership in the business and in 1891
became Bole proprietor of what has be
come one of the largest cracker manufac
tories In New England. It Is characteristic
that whfn the news of the Johnstown
disaster reached him Mr. Bruce sent as
a personal contribution a carload of sup
plies from his establishment. Mr. Bruce
is president of the Lawrence Board of
ifll NERVES !
**** • •/ / \ i fi X 0 0 M\Q 0 0 1 T\ t¥ * *
••*•"•/£. vv*- \ \y) rtlCfl mIwwuIIIcL <>
™ at every w ° man ;;
- '•• ; - :^ S NS»^fffi THE FIGURES TELL \
/f<7>AwEMBBh *'■' '■".% 0* weak nerves and their influence I
%M$ I^^^^^^^^% over the entire or 2 anism< Women f
\v f/lßSwg' whose nerves are w*ak usually *
\\ \ S^P^^^^^l suffer with Disordered digestion. <>
if' 1 1 fi SmSUCS '^j.'ri.K 2— lnactive (torpid) liver. Fig. Z
'y/--©S^ an» — Ooaied tongue. Pipj. 4 v
"^^^W^^^^^^^W^^k Paleness and emaciation. Fig. f
lf# fe^S^&^fe^^^ — Headaches and dizziness, T
' Ui^ m Fig " 6 - Nervousness . sleepless- J
WwwM^^^^^M^^^. nesSl a tendency to faint - loss of <(
i##^#|^^^SSfii HUDYAN promptly relieves all ♦
&£h mWf^m^^^sMMm, these symptoms because HUD- t
VAN strengthens and quiets the I
nerves and removes the cause, j
-*^=2=3===£S=- -" which in women, in nearly every y
(Hudyan 60e. All Druggists) instance, is female weakness. t
HUDYAN CURES THE 1
DISORDERS OF, WOMEN. I
And gives strength and tone to the entire female organism. Nausea °
backache, weakness, mucous discharge, painful periods, irregular peri- ♦
ods, profuse or scanty menses, bearing-down or dragging pains, hysteria, ♦
depressed spirits, tnese conditions are all relieved by Hudyan. Hudyan &
brings comfort to every woman who suffers with any of the foregoing T
symptoms. Hudyan brings back the bloom of youth to all pale, wan t
emaciated faces, and gives, to sickly women strength, activity and free- ***
dom from all pain. i
HUDYAN is a blessing— so say all women who have taken Hudyan I
HUDYAN is pleasant to take, Is pleasant in Its effect, and is readily T
tolerated by the weakest of constitutions. Weak constitutions call for t
HUDYAN. <f
HUDYAN is for sale by druggists— a package or six packages I
for $2 50. -I
If your druggist does not keep HUDYAN, send direct to the HUD- I
VAN REMEDY CO., corner Stockton, Market and Ellis streets, San I
Francisco, Cal. y
You may consult the Hudyan doctors about your <>
case— free of charge. Call or write. i
SEND FOR HUDYAN TESTIMONIALS. T
Trade, director of the Lawrence Na- !
tlonal Bank, trustee of the Wllley Savings
Bank of Boston and director of the Low
ell. Lawrence and Haverhlll Railroad and
of other Important business enterprises.
He is also a member of the Masons. Odd
Fellows and other secret societies, and in
several of them has been honored with
the highest offices.
MISSISSIPPI.
Hon. A. H. Longino, Democratic candi
date for Governor of Mississippi, Is a
man well known throughout the Southern i
States. A man of brainy endurance, pluck
and energy, he has climbed the political l
ladder to the topmost round of State
honor. Against the odds of his oppo
nents, Messrs. Montgomery, Yardman, i
Critz and Powell, all good men, Longino I
went into the convention and was soon
balloted through an easy winner.
IOWA.
Frederick Edward White, Democratic
candidate for Governor of lowa, has been
a resident of Keokuk County for more
than forty years. His well-kept farm,
consisting now of nearly a section of land,
reaches to within a few miles of the lit
tle town of Webster at the point where
the buildings are located. He was bortt
in Germany in 1844. and when 13 years
old came to Webster County with hl»
widowed mother to make his home with
an uncle who had sent for them. His
education is practically self acquired.
Less than three months' schooling is all
he received after coming to this coun
try. He served four years in the Civil
War. He returned and married In 1866.
In 1890 he was elected to Congress on
the Democratic tidal wave.
Leslie Mortier Shaw, sixteenth Gover
nor of lowa (1S?S», was born in Morris
town, Vt., November 2, 1846, son of Board
man Oslas Shaw. His grandfather, Eben
ezer Shaw, was one of the earliest set
lers and first Select Men of Morriatown.
His mother was a daughter of John
Spaulding. a teacher of some reputation
in the eastern part of New York State.
Mr. Shaw attributes his success largely
to hard work. For years he was usually
at his oflice at 7 in the morning and re
mained until V> at night. His law library
is one of the largest and best selected fci
the State. Mr. Shaw was a moving spirit
and one of the largest contributors to
ward the establishment of an academy
and normal school at Denison, and has
held the position of President of th©
Board of Trustees from its organization.
Hf is also a trustee of Cornell College,
and for several years was President of
the School Board at Denison. He Is pres
ident of the Bank of Denison at Denison
and Bank of Manila at Manila.
g£r- ADVERTISEMENTS. -
! A PHENOMENAL
...SILK SALE...
WITHOUT DOUBT the most remarkable Silk Sale that has ever been
Rented comme^ ! to-morrow. The quality, stylo and extraordinary
low prices prove this statement to be an incontestable fact.
Over 15 000 yards of NEW CHOICE SILKS have been closed out b*
| price o£ . . i ■ _
i SOC a yard
j lois B^
T<U A e s ta we S^Se/SS? I^? II^ SiV'SS? alf former S.lk Sales.
J and A a B nUci P a a tlng e bi? seUing. we advise early attendance <o enable the
i, thrifty buyer to procure the choicest.
| A RARE OPPORTUNITY IN g e( j Spreads.
NeW DreSS GOOdS. our line Is very complete in Crochet.
ally low prices. Three very special lots for this wmk.
Fine bK English Crepons. in brilliant '^. size, hemmed and
mohair and poplin grounds, in j* t - « re^3 for use. at teacn;
all the latest raised effects. $|,50 $1.00, $1.50 and $2.00
recularly sold at 12 a yard. |J> |a Q U JIiUU, OliOU UllU OZiUU
Highest Novelty English Ore- ift/% MA ,-.*
• pons, very lustrous, In medium «" 1 I Mil A»<#» r ((( ,f a j« V^llO
knd large raised effects, arm- A/ II II UIIT LUflQlil OOie
ally worth »2.60 yd. Price, yard W*-i ww gE CONT , NIED ms W£EK
ONE GREAT WnVOltV Suit** Having purchased from one of the larg-
' LEADER IN niOVeOly Ollll3» e st New York importers, far below the
> The following offer should be responded regular price, a sample lot of Nottingham
2 to very liberally. A very attractive as- Lace Curtains, in the newest styles and
i sortment of the latest novelties in Silk designs, In Ecru and White. measuring 3',
« and Wool Matlasse Suitinffs. in the new yards lone, from.so to M inches wide, we
li fall shades of Tan. Brown, Art nt% are enabled to place them on q. « -
I] Green. Blue. Reseda and Fuch- V" D fjll sale at the very low price of VI UU
« rt a ." BU . U^ I ' rlCe . J9 :.. O On. n i a u 1 i 0 t JUIUU t Worth-id-25;^2 E O-and^3 Palr QIIOJ
« A SUPERB GATHERING OF
High-Grade Plaids.
Our oft-repeated claim, that of having better and more Plaids, Is be-
coming more pronounced every day as the season advances. As head-
quarters for the correct Plaids, we assert that we sell more than
any other house in this ctty, and will continue selling at those exceed-
'■ ingly low prices that have characterized and emphasized our leadership
from the very start. On display at (a yard)
50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.25, $1.50 to $3.00. ,
A . eRE " . . Newest Golf Capes.
ol'K WQISI. opeClfll* The latest styles in the correct colorings.
>? . „, . „ •• tt- , ♦ ™,*,» ,-» with new shaped hoods and beautiful,
ft 200 Ladies' Black Satm Waists were re- t , t ned stra trlmmin a better variety
, Wired by express on Saturday, which go handsomer assortment A n _-^
on sale to-morrow. They are made of the „ tfl d th , season ; V C UN
best 41 50 grade Black Satin Duchewe In y° u right price should be „ Xh.nll
\ the latest style, with cluster corded bias J c * morrow EaehVUIUU
I front, corded stock collar, lined ** r >• —
; throughout and in all sizes. « U Ik
> Worth $9. Your choice at.... jf}|J| |%J ___
- i ; ?S£fffia Children's School Hose
: a h d riP lne V a rdinar Brown o , Uo ;i g 100 dozen children" fast black |f<
v'.vJ a nil "k all sizes- -51.75 school hose, double knees and toes. 15c
sSf.*?**.^S -ol- f 5 Sn^ a2ay,g.sfc IoC
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY. COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT ATTENTION.
WORKED A DAY
FOR CHARITY
Series of Entertainments
at San Jose.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 16.— Society ladies grave
up to-day for charity's sake, and turned
out in force to raise money to carry the
Associated Charities over the coming
; year. Bazaars and street fairs were held
lin different parts of the city. These were
1 well patronized, and several hundred dol
lars was raised. The entertainments were
I unique and varied, and they were in force
from early morning until late this even
ing. -
Three years ago these same ladies con
ducted the Santa Clara-street railway for
a day in aid of the Associated Charities.
They served as conductors and motormen,
and the entire proceeds went to charity.
This year they adopted a new plan. The
city was districted off. and each section
was left to provide its own form of enter
tainment.
On South Tenth street this morning
1 there was a grotesque parade of children.
: They were dressed in quaint costumes,
' piping, singing and displaying appropriate
banners. The procession brought up at
Mrs J. N. Hyde's beautiful lawn, where
I a wonderful zoological exhibit was held.
■ Tents had been erected. There was a
Punch and Judy show, fortune telling and
all kinds of games and amusements. So
! ciety buds served candies and refresh-
m Mrs S 'Dr. Dow, on Ninth street, near San
Fernando, served choice refreshments, as
i did Miss Hatman, on Seventh street, near
St Mrs ' McGraw had charge of a re
freshment booth at the baseball grounds
' this afternoon, and this evening presided
over an informal hop at High School hall.
A vaudeville entertainment, under the
1 patronage of Mrs. W. L. Woodrow and
Mrs "W. B. Hobson, was given in the par
' lors 'of* the Unitarian Church this evening.
A fine programme was rendered by spe
cialists, Miss Jean Bernardino Sargent,
a New York vocalist, being the star.
The Stockton avenue people held a mu
sicale and dance at the Hotel yendome
to-night. Mrs. W. B. Hill Is chairman of
the committee. , ...
The ladies of Santa Clara street (Mrs.
H Levy chairman) had headquarters on
i First street, near Santa Clara, and enter
tained hospitably. . .
A dinner was served in a store in the
theater building at noon.
All the places were well patronized, Po
lite society conducted everything, and at
least one hundred of the bon ton were
active in the management of the enter
| tainments, which were a success in every
i way. „_«_—— — — . '
A NAVAL STORE AT
CALLAO BURNED DOWN
The Chief of the Shute Company Is
Under Arrest, Being Charged
With Arson.
Bpecial Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gordon
Bennett.
LIMA, Sept. 16— Fire at Callao utterly
destroyed the big naval store of the
Shute Company, whose chief was arrested
and charged with arson. McKay's store
and many other buildings, stores and
shops were burned. Several firemen were
injured and Lima fire engines went on
special trains to render assistance. The
amount of losses is not yet known.
Reception at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 16.-
To-nlg-ht the beautiful residence of Presi
dent and Mrs. Jordan was thrown open
for the reception of the students of the
university. Fully 500 of the young women
and men availed themselves of this op
portunity of either renewing' or making
the acquaintance of their president.
BATTLE WITH
A HIGHBINDER
Police Have Trouble
With a Prisoner.
Bpecial r>lspatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Sept. 16.— Wong Hing, alias
Wong Goon, a Chinese highbinder, sus
pected of having murdered a fellow-coun
tryman in San Francisco a few days ago,
was arrested here to-night by Policeman
James D. Morss and placed fn jail pend
ing instruction." from Chief of Police Lees.
The Celestial was caught in a gambling
den in Chinatown with the aid of a Chi
nese informer. When informed of the
chargp against him Wong Hing expressed
no surprise and quietly submitted to ar
rest. On the way to jail, however, he
suddenly broke away from the officer and
attempted to escape.
The policeman succeeded in recapturing"
him, but the Mongolian fought until ho
was overpowered and placed in irons.
Eich Strike of Ore.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Sept. 16.— A miner
from the Congress gold mine, who arrived
in Phoenix to-day, says that a strike of
Bonanza ore was made in the lower work
ings of the Congress. The strike, he says,
is the richest ever madp in that mine.
Dependable Drugs
Best
Quality of
Drugs
A dependable store sells but one
grade of drugs— the best. Across
the face of our order blanks— used in
ordering goods from wholesalers —
are printed in big, black letters, these
words :
" Fill this order with best quality
Of goods."
Anita Cream 40c
Allen's Female Restorer 70c
Pinkham's Compound . 75c
Mellin's Food large 55c.
Eskay's Food 20c
Allen's Foot Ease 20c
Maltines 85c
Court Plaster cc
Pocket Toilet Paper 5c
Sea Salt — 5 pounds 15c
Bath Sponges 5c
Baker's Sarsaparilla 75c
Lesley's Talcum Powder 10c
Churchill's Skin Soap 15c
Hood's Tooth Powder 20c
JTa|£\. ' 1128 market St., S. r.
(Tf Wt Ir-agj ■ TEL. SOUTH 396 t£.
10th A BROADWAY (tel.m»in 309 1 Oaklan:CONSERVATORY
OF MUSIC FOR
PACIFIC COAST
Added to the State
University.
GREAT MEN WILL BE ENGAGED
SYMPHONIC CONCERTS RESUMED
BY HIRSCHEELD.
A Great Orchestration of Othello by a
Local Musician — Organization
of Philharmonic Orchestra
Soon Completed.
♦
A piece of musical news of the utmost
importance to the musical world of Cali
fornia, as well as the United States, la
the report that it is the sense of those in
whose care !s the erection of a great uni
versity to add thereto a conservatory of
niutic the like of which cannot be found
In this country nor In the world. My In
formant says that Signiund Be<?l is to be
called back from London to conduct this
great organization in case the plans do
not require too long for completion and
that the best masters will be engaged for
this purpose. That the idea is a most
excellent one cannot be questioned. No
one with any power of perception Will
deny that California has a great musical
future ahead of it. and those who have
spent some time in investigating the musi
cal history of this coast know what a
tremendous amount of work is accom
plished in this art. It is therefore not at
all probable that the institution of such
a conservatory will be the outcome of the
present movement toward musical pros
perity, which has not been equaled either
in energy or usefulness or rapidity of
progress In any part of the world. The
unmit;ated would -.•ally be surprised to
sec the amount of work accomplished by
California musicians.
The news of tic heel's engagement In
Philadelphia has occasioned much dis
cussion a* to the fate of the symphony
concerts. Some maintain that there will
not be any orchestra at all, others con
tend that the concerts are to bo resumed
with a new conductor, but none succeeded
in guessing correctly. Ad a matter of fact
the sympnony concerts will be under
taken by Max HirschfelJ, who intends to
t.-iiarge the Tivoli orchestra for this purr
pose; Knowing the feeling that prevails
. re in favor of Jscheei, Mr. Hirschfeld
will not attempt the heavier works at
first; but will begin with Jigluer pro
grammes, interspersed with operatic mu
se, ar;u will inaugurate what may be
termed a series of popular concerts.
Should there be a demand for a higher
class of music Mr. Hirschfeld will not
li-.-itate to supply the demand. That the
iuea is an t-xceilent one no one who has
the musical welfare of this city at heart
will dispute. It is a most laudable enter-
The work accomplished by the Tlvoll
orchestra speaks much for its excellence,
and there art- sufficiently capable musi
cians hero to create a splendid symphony
orchestra. It has been done before at the
Tivoli. In order to bring such an under
taking to a successful conclusion it re
quires a leader whose energy and ambi
tion do not know any limits^ and whose
industry equals his ability, buch a man
is Mr. Hirschfeld. for whoever accom
plishes the great eat of presenting two
such operas as "Lohengrin" and "Othel
lo" in one week, while rehearsals and
performances are going on at the
same time, is a musician of unlimited re
sources and is bound to succeed. So
symphonic and operatic concerts under
the direction of Max H.'rsehfeld will tak«
trie place of Scheel'a symphony concerts.
It is safe to predict a complete success
for these affairs.
The reorganization of the old Philhar
monic orchestra is progressing rapidly. It
is now settled that the members are anx
ious to come together usain. and Her
man Ger.ss will be the conductor. A
meeting will be held next week if possi
ble, and the plans will be announced ere
long.
In commenting upon the performances
at the Tivoli the critics seem to be blind
to one important fact, namely, the or
chestration. When it is known that the
orchestration of "Othello" was written
in this city by a local man and that this
musician worked his arrangement from
a piano tcore which did not contain any
notation aa to the individual instruments,
many a cne acquainted with the beauties
of the orchestration will be surprised ,to
rind such a feat possible. And yet George
Koppitz wrote an orchestration for
"Othello" that is a masterpiece in every
sens*- cf the word. He not only condensed
the score for the limited number of pieces
In the orchestra but he succeeded in get
ting every possible effect for the dra
matic situations. He evidently studied
his score carefully, made himself abso
lutely intimate with the ideas of the com
posers and sketched an orchestration that
will earn him the admiration and reSpect
of all those musicians who honor true
genius. If any one doubts this assertion,
let him go and listen to "Othello" aM
mark well the orchestration.
Great interest is manifested in Miss
Clara Kalisher's concert. A vocalist who
has received the unstinted praise of Mas
senet must certainly be endowed with re
markable talent, and one who passed suc
cessfully the gauntlet of critical ears at
the Paris salons cannot be lightly re
garded. From all appearances Miss
Kallsher has accomplished much during
her studies in Europe, and her friends are
right to expect much of this ambitious
vocalist. ALFRED METZGER.
CONVICT JUMPS FROM
A MOVING TRAIN
Frank Miller Makes a Desperate At
tempt Near San Rafael to Gain
Freedom.
BAN RAFAEL, Sept. 16.— 1n a desper
ate and almost insane attempt to make
his escape from the custody of Sheriff
G. "W. Wilson and regain his freedom
Frank Miller, who was being- taken to
San Quentin to serve a seven-year Ben
tence for manslaughter committed In Las
sen County, jumped from the narrow
pauge train near O'Connor's farm to-day
and broke his right leg. He could no*
move from the spot where he struck tha
gTour.d. and was taken to the prison In
a wagon, where the fractured bone was
set by Dr. Casey.
The official having Miller in charge
We Will
Soon Have
An Oil Well
This is h ) extravagant gruess, but a
conservative itatement that Is baaed
upon expert npinlon of the stratifica-
tion of the land In the Kern River
Oil District ana the fact that oil Ha?
BEEN (truck In many wells near to
and adjoining our property— the famous
Elwood veil, now owned, presumably,
ty the Santa r> Railroad Company,
tein* Ws than 300 yards from where
cur boring outfit is NOW BEING put
In position.
Ur.til OCTOBER STH a limited num-
ber of shares of treasury stock are
offered to the public for 50 CENTS
p*r share— the per value of which are
Jl per (ban.
Let us send yr,u our prospectus; or,
better ft!!!, give us a call, for we can
then glye you more minute Informa-
tion .Remember we court the most
searching Inquiry.
SAN JOSE
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building.
Open Evening* from 7 to S o'clock.
THE EMPORIUM.
* Exquisite Millinery.
* • A The success of our opening week
* A/, promises the Greatest Millinery Sea-
* £~F^J/n son °^ our ex^ s^ ence - Everything
* CuMm'J needed to make it so is here. We
* iC^y^a^h show several Hats from each of
* r^y/~^f the workrooms of the following
* Parisian makers :
#■ jp S y^/J Femanie. Ay!m3r, Mons, Julia, Ricci,
•> , V «. & .? Fumerey, Rossi, Felecie Chretien, Colomb,
* V\*. y, y £j Mme. Marchand, Suzanne & B.um, Car-
£ TrTu^*k.- lier, Ma^escot Soeurs and the new star,
* ilQj£s&*^s* Laurence. From the New York makers S
% v^>^^-t Lichan^tein, Halsejr. Cochran, Louise, Ait-
'7/VO^ * kens, Altman, Joseph, Haas, Hunt, Brett,
0t Conneliey and others— a large number of
fr designs from our own workroom: — exquisitely made, but
•> moderately priced,
$ Ready-to-wear Hats — simple, severe and stylish tailor-made
» Hat? of all latest felts and wings— elegant Spanish Turbans in
* til latest drapes and colors.
* Modish Turban of Felt — velvet trim and ornaments — $8*75
* E.egant Pattern Hats $15 to $40
Z. Handsome larga Velvet Roses — fall shading bunch of 5. .50 a
T Handsome Black Qaills r 7o
J Handsome Eagle Qail.s • ICC and 150
0, Golf Hits with fo;ded 'bands, ro?ett9 and quilla — silk binding —
C. gray, tan, blu9 and brown— special $1*25
*> Golf Hats w.th all-silk folded band — elaborate rosette, quill-
* silk binding crinoline-lined crown — valu? for $2 —
* special at - $fmsO
*
I Children's
% Furnishings.
* Fall Season '99 Prettiest Coats,
» Caps, Hats.
Kersey Coat?, tight fitting, braid trim-
* £^\Y\ ming, colors red, brown and blue —
* ,->m\\ Ages 6 and 8 for $3.00
* Vr^TT Ages , 10 and 12 for $3.25
*&£Jiu Tailcr-m3de Kersey Coats, new tight-
J £%JZ, £X fitting back, soutach? trimming, colors
T ■ 7*iL — i; blue, brown ani red —
I s&Z&mZ&s A ? es6andSfor 54.25
t vS/Sft?CR? Ases 10 ac . d 12 i°r -$4.50
§ Tailor-made Kersey Coats, tucking and
litt:ng back, eoutach? trimming, colors
blur, brown ani red —
ajfes 6 and 8 for $4*25
\: ilO and 12 for $4*50
Children's All-silk Ca:s, n?w tucking and
* // A-\ \ \§?' embroidery with silk linings — special
* (v/SL I r4' Talue at $1.00
fr '/yQ> I•. \ v Children's Velvet Tarn O'Shanters. all
fc i'/ j \;, V colors, vilue for 75c — sp< ca: at. 500
? / / I \ Children's Elegant Hats, copies of Paris
A> / 3 \S \ models, of all-3ilk velvet, with i3rga
A, I I•W' \ taffeta bow — special at $7.50
ft UL^J—L,--^ Children's All-silk Taffeta Hats, with
$V TjTT» tucked crown, elegant bow of double-
* faced satin ribbon with wide al!-ai k
* ties — special at $7.50
* All-wool Gretchen Coats in blue, brown, red, green, full lineJ
* —special f. $3.00
*
I Fall ' 99 Garments.
I A charming exhibit of Jackets, Waists, Skirts
«v and Dresses.
? Ladies' Fail Tailor Dress, camels hair effect, jacket double
£ brea-ted or fiy front, silk line!, skir: percatina linei, new
s> habit back, brown, light or dark gray, blue and black, all
* sizes ■ .'. $14.85
•> Ladies' fancy Tailor Dress, fine all-wool cheviot j>cket, fiy
* front, silk lined, skirt perc^line lined, habit bsc'x, new bind-
* ing, jacket and skirt handsome'y
? trimmed with black silk narrow
* ribbon, b'ue, black or brown, all 4S2JV,
i »i«« *17*45 L&&fr^f)
> Plain hon.espua Tweei Skirts, light *ps*te£JjT
«V or dark gray, with either seam ess ?£r§^J
* or habit back, percaiiae lined, elaaa Z^^ > " 5 (
* tai or cut and finish $4,85 / QS~-^' J
J Ladies' Fall Jacket of fine covert 6 yOSL
J double breamed, large pearl but- f >-- >/^^J^\\ l ! )
m, tons, silk lined throughout, worth '(*\ ==!B *«j I
£ $10.00 $7*95 % I. c %M
«> Ladies' Fall Waist, black Taffeta 1 A>\ o dfM
*»• Silk, si'k corded front and back, V/JrSbA j;^
* dress sleeve, all sizes $4*75 c A f ?
* Ladies' Fail Waist, Taffita Silk, CsLLJ*
I tucked and corded front and ba?k, yf^s^?g3g||
& black, red, blue, lavender, cerise ./?&s*• *.-*-s^
& and purple, all sizes $5.95
brought him over this morning by the
Sausallto route. To all appearances the
prisoner was calm and resigned to his
rate. Ail thoughts of his making an at
tempt to regain hi? liberty would have
been regarded as absurd, for Miller wore
a heavy Oregon boot. N*ar O'Connor's
farm, one and one-half miles from this
city, while the train was moving very
fas"t. Miller, encumbered as he was by the
Oregon boot, ran to the doorway of the
car and jumped from the train. His right
leg was fractured at the ankle.
SANTO DOMINGO WILL
ACCEPT PAPER MONEY
Jimenes Issues a Proclamation Plac
ing It on the Same Basis a3
Silver.
SANTO DOMINGO, Sept. 16.— The Gov
ernment's proclamation yesterday de
stroying the value of pap«r money created
such violent opposition that the Ministers
to-day proclaimed the acceptance of paper
at the same rates as silver, namely. 5 to
1 dollars American. This concession was
made by Jimenes. who proposed repudiat
ing paper money.
The Cabinet is discussing the feasibility
of holding the Presidential election lm- :
mediately instead of in November, as pro
vided by th<s constitution, and it will
probably announce to-morrow that tha
election is to take place this month, as
Jimenes is the only candidates. The
threatened riots have not taken place.
All is now Quiet here.
IRRIGATION CONGRESS.
C. M. Heintz and George H. Wig
more Appointed Delegates.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 16.— The Governor
has apT?ornte<l C. M. Heintz, editor of the
Rural Californian. and George H. Wlg
more of the firm of Wigmure A. Sons, del
■ to the [rrif&tlon Congress, to be
held In Mlssoula. Mont., September 25 to
■ ■ • pted and will be fn at
tendance. Mr. Heints. who was secre
tary of th* congress for several years,
will make an effort to brine the next con
gress to Southern California.
STORMS IN JAMAICA.
Town of Little London Is Destroyed
by Lightning.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Sept. 16.— Since
the passage of the recent cyclone a con
tinuous series of thunderstorms have been
reported from the mountainous districts.
News of the latest casualty is fr^m Lit
tle London, la Manchester, whk-h reports
its complete destruction by lightning, but
with no fatalities.
His Life a Mystery.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 16.— John Nan
nerv, a stranger, died at the Receiving
Hospital here to-day from the effects of
a dose of strychnine, which he took with
suicidal intent. He was conscious nearly
to the moment of his death, but refused
to give any Information regarding him
self. ' '■■■;--^\
For a run to Vichy Springs take the
Vklah excursion Sunday, September 24.
Round trip to I'kiah J2. Leave Tlburon
ferry at 8:30 a. m. •
Weir Is in JaiL
XAPA, Sept. 16.— Sheriff Dunlap brought
the suspected stage robber, J. Weir, to
Vara to-day and lodged him in Jail.
Search 1b stftl being made by the orTWrs
for a supposed accomplice. A man was
s^en in the neighborhood the day of the
robbery by Miss Qrunber. acting peculiar
ly He wore a black hat and carried a
long white pack.
Hats as you like them. "Kelth"s." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1399.
THE EMPORIUM.
Daily from ||i B™^^ Alld Wyjkw Our mammoth
10 to 12 a. m. and ™ ~ Coldenßllle f^ Winter Catalogue,
to o p. m. California's —^America's Grandest Store. ' .
'^^S^ !l!9tmrm^^ m * r& *^^^ m &{ew Feature in the 'Big Store.
Dainty Afternoon Teas
Served dally from 3 to 5 o'clock.
W^r^k^W^'KA ?TL a new and novel Mature which will greatly add
I |^^^^g^f^Sc£-"-j t0 tne growing popularity of "California's largest —
I il|S ? nrJ^ Kp^l America's grandest store " will be inaugurated Mon-
i^t^MA^^^^^mf day afternoon. The convenience of the Cafe as a
W 1 $Cwß> S? meeting-place for ladies during the afternoon shop-
1 ' • z£^% ffyrk *M 0"- ping hours has lon? teen re cognized. The Emporium
* "^|SsB^<l^^^2^f^ jp'^^Ti desires to make those hours as pleasant and attrac-
Z&%^Zoe&%T 'iffi^~^TC\*^7?F^ tive a3 Possible. A special menu has been pre-
i S^^^^X^(o^^&^^^^=& pared, and the table decorations, furnish-
'**'s?/ 'j( /^^^^^i^S^M'^^T ings ' ser " CG and costume of the wait-
( &\^:J)§fa£y^¥ f!^-' "■■'?. ;*v ' resses will .be entirely changed from the
'^T^^/_l*^l--» i i*<>M_^V* J *K*s| ' » ' usual. The daintiest tea tables in town
'i ]^^H3^m'^U/^ J&tXj '' "' will be ready each day at 3p. m. Ladies
f \.-'^^-Ji^^^^''^^^^/^^j^^r^r :^\\ t(,^ir,t- ' *' 1^ find this a charming place to ass an
•%^ !^." . %3^'Wf ' hour or two in the afternoon. Special at-
& rf&f. ti^ltlliy^^——^ ! tention and accommodations for large
xiSJ^ii^^ ~~ f • >\\ afternoon tea parties.
'• jffiSv ' '- : » ''-$*'*■'- ' sM^'^ gVrlll Special care has been used in the
s^_i_^______lpiJf ■ p^uffii *** * selection of tie various brands of tea
t *'a^ali_Z— - - - ZjllUr' ? • ; to be served — the kind you like best is
| * J~iL»i== , ==^L\ , I • sure to be among them. The coffee
'7^jPff t _ . T^- T" -- — =a will be, as usual, undeniably the best.
i PV 4i 1'" Tfi£ <ZAFE T 'i Cakes, Ices, Oysters, Paties, Cold Meats,
mr^ A r— 1 ---— ___? Hot Dishes, etc| etc., all at moderate
i Jxj!*~- — ' ■ , prices.
The New Neckwear. For the Dining-Room.
_ _?££ >> b _&_?3_: Table Damask, fine, bleached, 72 inche^ide,
S^ UoeSy 31 X! k SS s£k GoHars.and Jabot, neatV D^k, g^d unbleached,' 72 inches
■fT^ti-foSS!— ? lT__srfSi »*ffj£_____! spec ' ;r; ' lM ' 60 iito
j_r&taiss_!s_:_s_w^ snCheS SqUare> feo
with handsome accordion-plaited Ties of same material- I Tab j e Cl o ,h s , 2 i'oV'. jiriTicni ""slightly soiled, extra
each $1.50 values
w f° B r /?^ BettrOOm ' , free /, Cm on S *r «/o- o. Ye/ox Paper ,n
White Blankets, . lbs weigat, <2xS4 inches, line wool. our Camera Department this week by an expert. Beginning
.J.'i'ii-' _•.—•"_••* -•■•••, V ......................56.00 | Monday daily rom 12:30 to sp. m. Bring in your best
White Blankets, E* lbs weight, 70xS2 mche'.good j negative and set a sample print fro Os
and waim. pa r $3*oo 6
Down Comforters, full size, rich sateen covering,
ex ra value, each $4-*5O __ »mm ma «»»
Cotton Comforters, li,n. and warm, full size. IV_»W W&II r*£is3ot*sß
tutted, each St.OO im^^uw vw *cam m wjw^f «pb
fiaft^ ? 0 ~^*~;..._:...!_..f±J!f_:..:." m soo The Emporium has just received from
Eaby Blankets, white, long fiber cotton, warn and the factories, and on Monday will com-
a»oei/i^ c w^"^bi;"b.'d" wfd'th'^i'VnS'SJ? j mence showing an extensive assortment
vari 18c !of the newest designs of Wall Paper
s^f^!'Z h !!."^^Z.!!™l!;!!21 e .:/6c produced for the Fall and Winter trade.
•••••••""••• To quickly introduce we offer:
G rOCCriCS These eitjht greatly reduced prices '
T' ~~~ are for Monday and Tuesday only: • Special— Gilt Wall Paper, 22 inches wide,
LlSjUOrSm Lucca Oil-Crosse & Blackwell's. larsre suitable for parlors, dining-rooms and halls, im-
Vut^i^iiS^^^T^^ff^ "l ense varie ,7 of designs and colorings regularly
—special for the todays ."...dozen sc ,- gross 45c 40c P er roll— to-morrow and during the week,
Macaroni and Spaghetti-Imported lib pack- per single roll 2Oc
age?. re uiarij 13c each—tor ..Wo Fine Heavy Gilt Papers, suitable for parlors, bed-
fhftwo °*? terS ~ l * reglliar!y 13 ° ach - B ecia^ rooms and halls, newest designs and colorings.
Laundry "Ka'moßd'c, lwgTb_«i*repi- some with 9 - inch and others with 18-inch borders
lany 5§ en — 14 for .'. SOc to mateh — price per roll to 25c
Soap powder, Pyramid, the email packages, 12 23c Dainty Bedroom Papers, new and stylish colorings
Tfh^wrd^ ;Ogg>S .^.. regUlar 7 $hVo a : rice per roll 7c to We
Old Port or Sherry-Our $l"per"gaYlon grade'— ?pe- A full line of popular colorings in. Ingrains with
cial for the two days 80c i matched borders and ceilings at lowest prices.
INDIGNATION
IN GERMANY
Dreyfus Case Excites the
People.
GOVERNMENT PAPERS QUIET
FEEL THE INSULT TENDERED
THE REICHSANZEIGER.
Believe That France Should Have
Paid Some Attention to the
Statements Made by That
Paper.
Copyrights, UH, by the Assoc'ated Press.
BERLIN", Sept. 16.— Though the Qovern
■ ment has taken pains to preserve its
equilibrium the result of the Dreyfus trial
; has tremendously shocked the German
people irrespective of creed and politics.
The bitter insult Implied by the total dis
regard upon the part of the Rennes court
of the Official Relchsanzeiger's declaration
of Dreyfus' innocence 13 deeply felt here.
Owing to the peculiar relations with
France these sentiments have not found
full vent in the press a.vl the Govern
ment organs have even done their best
to smother them. But In conversation the
real filings of the peop!». indignation
, and almost contempt are universally and
; freely expressed. A small majority, com
posed of anti-Semites and some Agrarians
1 and conservatives, more or lees approved
j the sentence. The Hamburger Nach
i rlchten, formerly the late Prince Bls
; marck's organ, made itseif their mouth
j piece, asserting repeatedly that the cvi
', cer.ee against Dreyfus this time was no
' more than had previously been made pub
lic and that Dreyfus had been convicted
not for spying for Germany, but for Rus-
Bla, citing a mass of alleged evidence In
! support of this assertion. When th.3
wan disputed and ridiculed by the bulk
'■ of the press the paper said the informa
; tion wa£ derived from a source excluding
all doubt of its authenticity and correct
. ness and was corroborated by several
1 competent persons. This view was shared
1 by a number of prominent papers, includ
ing -.he Deutsche Tages Zcitung. the
Staatsburger Zeltung and others. The i
; correspondent here of the Associated '
Press has interviewed a prominent for
eign official, who said:
"The Government wai not surprised at
;h<> conviction of Dreyfus. The Reichs
! anzeiger publication was largely for the
: purpose of depriving the world of the
'• chance of saying Dreyfus had again been
- sentenced Because Germany kept silent.
'. W e postponed the publication until the
i last moment, as we suspected It might
| hurt rather than benefit the accused.
"Regarding the comments of the Ham
: burger Narhrlchten, we think It quite
MkMy the paper is making the statement*
jon good authority. Many well Informed
i per?. : i Dreyfus had Russia, and '
I not Germany, to deal with.
"Concerning the talk of boycotting the
Paris Exposition, it Is not Germany's
: part to put herself In the foreground .n
; such a movement. The official relation*
of France and Germany have not suffered
In the least through the sentence. There |
Is' no Intention on the part of tha Gov- j
THE EMPORIUM.
[ eminent to join in any directly unfriend- \
ly steps against France. The best proof
1 that we do not mean to suspend prepara
- for the exposition is that the chief
commissioner, Herr Richter, has Just
started for Paris."
The reported connection of Dreyfus with
Russia 1? also common talk in riiplomntic
circles here, where it finds credence. It
is also stated that evidence of this was
produced a: the secret session at Renr.es,
and Del Casse's hurried visit to St.
i't-tersburg Just before the court-martial
is cited in support of this theory.
On the question of joining to a boycott
public opinion is divided. The big" ma-
I jority favor active participation in the
exposition, while a number of leading and
: influential papers, like the Vissisehe Zei
tung, Frankfurter Zeitung and Tapeblatt,
[ advocate abstention. It is reported that
a lew important firms and several commer
cial associations have declared their in- :
tention to abstain, but these, so far. are
the exception, and not the rule. The bulk I
of influential opinion seems to await the '
action of Germany's principal competitors j
in the commercial race, especially Great j
Britain and the United Srates, and will
be guided thereby.
Send the SUNDAY CALL to
your friends abroad — wrapped
ready for mailing, 5c per copy.
POSTS TO BE VACANT.
Germany and Italy to Send No Mili
tary Attaches.
Special Cable to Th» Call and »■*■ York Her
ald. Copyrighted, 1599, by James Gordon
Bennett. ♦
BERLIN, Sept. 18.— According to the
Kreuz Zeitung. which In , regard to such
matters Is generally well Informed, the
posts of the German and Italian military
attaches at Paris will remain unoccupied
for some time to come.
STRENGTH FOR WEAK MEN.
a- Men whose ambition has been crushed by the loss of vigor, who have weak nerves, weak back.
varlcocele, pains in the back and chest and those drains of vitality which are so exhausting; to such
— "V^fift men Electricity flowing into the weakened body in a soothing, gentle stream while you sleep at night
r yjs^ ' Is the dawn of new life— Is the means by which ten thousand weak men have been restored to
]§=-f^l»^—^S health and happiness. My
Www DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT
l\'^ f^sA Conquers all weakness, relieves all pain. I have devoted twenty years of careful study to the proper
rAj__^ x J us e of Electricity for this purpose, and my Electric Belt of to-day is the acme of perfection.
j^m..^ :s /r j\ It is the strongest Electric Belt In the world. It is warranted one year without need
J_^ -=*>— 1 I<^ of repairs. It as the only Known device that will regulate the current. It has soft
/%£% /\j I Wl4\ chamois cushion electrodes wf;ich cannot burn and blister as do the bare metal electrodes
1&&. ixfc^**- / i/&& *> on a " other electric belts.
y^k.yr%i^- M~Es\'^f{ } A good Electric Belt is worth $1000.00 to any weak man. Health Is worth more than wealth.
¥%yj V Jaav^t --Ja Read what this man says: Madera. Ca ,
/ Jg *S /* A V A Dr. MA. Mcl>aurhlln-D«ar Sir: The Electric Belt I bought of you on May 23 has been worth its weight In gold
/ M*** iifeir^tx I for it has cured my weakness and other troubles er.tlrely. and I am well satisfied with it. and am n££ £ W t c - r 'r£t t
iXTwIt \\ my in the harvest fields. Tours very truly. WiSH further froof? BLRRELL.
WTi^T \\ mv do you wish further proof?
Ml / \^r\^ \£i W&. FREE BOOK! This little book is full of evidence, cures of people in every city in the West. It
Mvl/iv.r^O^l^\*^P) k also has information of great value to those who are suffering from lost health and weakness. It is
>^^\1 ' ?^S=^S^W^ vSll^CiL free closely scaled, by mail. Call and examine this wonderful Belt and talk with Dr. McLaughhn
r^^ir "'^^mirf^S*^ about your trouble. Consultation free and invited. Call or address:
££^3g2^jOr^L nD II A Mr! AIIf,HIIN 702 Market. Cor. Kearny, cHfic« iw.-sa.m. to8 S 3op.™.
g»»^^»--M*s& dr. m. a. Mclaughlin, -^^x^xl. .EVE.momD.uc.To.Es.
THE EMPOBIUM.
MANEUVERS OF
GERMAN ARMY
Only Mediocre Success
Reported.
WEATHER WAS VEHY BAD
EMPEROR'S CAVALBY CHARGE
QUITE BRILLIANT.
But in Actual Warfare Experts Say
That His Whole Division
Would Have Been De
stroyed.
Copyrighted, 1*99. by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. Sept. 16.— The army maneuvers
i this year are regarded a* a mediocre suc
| C pp?, owing to various causes, chiefly un
favorable weather. During four days of
! sham warfare in South Germany it rained
; in torrents. For one entire day the opera
< tions had to be suspended, and the Em
peror modified the plan of campaign ac
' cordingly. The roads part of the time
i were simply impassable, and the condition
| of the troops was Indescribable, though
i most of them found shelter and the com
missarlat acquitted itself excellently.
• The maneuvers ended earlier than ar
I THE EMPORIUM.
Monday Sales. |
Laces, Boys' Suits, Towels, Taf- *
feta Silk, Ice Cream Plates, Sewing \
Silk, Dolls, Groceries. *
«
Taffeta 27 - in - h plain Colored Taffeta Silk, an extra *
C • /i OO heavy grade that wi 1 give satisfactory ♦
&UK, OOCf service— the colors are principa'ly blues, *
greens, tans, grays, heliotrope, lavender and turquoise — our *
regu'ar $1.25 per yard quality, 011 special sale Monday 0n1y... ,
880 $
*
■ " «
Laces for More than 3500 yards fine Laces «
Less Than Hali.^%^ \?°Z J
fraction of the regular prices, go on special sale «
Monday, and Tuesday also if quantities last. __ *
These Licas, whi-h retail regularly « from 20c to 75c per
yard, have been divided into three lots, marked respectively, 4
'WC, 15c and 25C* , ♦
Lot /— 750 yards Cream Plat Valenciennes Laces, 4to 6 f
inch-s wide, worth 20c, 26c and 30c yard, at- tOO ♦
Lot 2—2.300 yards Lac*B, 6 to 12 inches wide, comprising W
Black ml Cream Silk Chantilly, Cream Guirure, Black Point *
Esprit, Cream Net Top Oriental, Cream Normandy Vale-!- J
cenne?, worth 35c and 45c yard, at ..ISo +
Lot 3—475 yards Lsce*,' 8 to 12 inches wide, Black and
Cream Si k Chantiliy and Black Spanish, worth 50c and 7"c -*
yard, at '. - 230 «
— — «
Boys' Vestee On Monday only, pretty «
?!#/#« 4*l Ol» new style $3 Vestee Suits J
*UitS, &I.V&. for bo^ s 3to 8 years old> *
consisting of nobby jacket, vest and knee pants, ♦
three different styles,' on =====:^ :^^ t . ♦
special sale at. . . $1.95 (^r^?s% *
Lot /—New shade of tplen- t& 5- S*^SL_JJ/ <»
did wearing cas3imere, large *
gailor collar, collar and vest .^^tv^s \V^r >. "*
trimmed in a new style with 8 £^$^1 v\\/ L \ ♦
rows soutache braid. / /^^S $1 Vc/p [Ay
£0/ 2— Navy Blue Cheviot, /> / c N^XjL «
large sailor collar trimmed with |"£' c l p L>^~TW 2t
8 rows wide soutache braid put \/ /f V) I // 7 3
on flat, pants prettily finished \_l>^SrTV \ // It
with buckle at knee. t. I / XJIrJI ♦
Lot 3— Light colored si'- 'A \ / \]l[ >#
wool fa! weight cheviots, new li; jj W '/, lA/ *
designs, coat has the new small v | ( 'jj [3 : t\^ *
collars with large reveres, '//I J \ i^* ♦
trimmed with soutache braid — ''fjVn 'i/TV. «
vest comes with a handsome em- t||U 'vj^i*
broidered des'gn. "*3 «gi
' " «
ToWelS dozen 20a Turkish Towels — well-twhted ♦
gym - thread — heavy and close — half bleached — *
twmOntiay . size 50x24 inches — on special sale Monday 5,
only — - „ 14 G
<*
f
St*%AfintM SHIt On special sale for Monday only — f
vewii<^ v»n # gQ dozeQ E]ack gpool g . lk and
OC a i&pOOl. about 20 dozen in asserted colors — "*
most of it in letters A and B only — fall 100 yards to the *
spool — a well-known standard Eastern make that retails reeu- *
larlv at 10c a spool — for 60
*
Set of Six Fo f Mon a 5 r J
«_» jm Mm . or.lv we offer y^Z~^^s. yw
Plates, 43c. a set of six /^'%\ - S
Decorated China Sauce, Berry or Ice /as&3 ♦
Cream Pates — in a.-sor:ed decorations, .;,' .>&s§£? Vi ♦
scalloped gold edge— regularly 1120 a '^l*rt?i -%£*&'} "*
jgJV — the set for 43c jfes.L- > ~-^- ■ ♦
< Wt/)#\ 'Inch Patent Jointed I
"W ' C HO// /O/* /^C» Papier Mache |
'//// /'"<■!■' Doll — good bisque head — sleeping J
/ / ft i r eyes — jointed wrist — mohair v;ig — *
w7* ! T|4-v showing teeth — length 12 inches — on «
2JLL special sale Monday only — each../i?c '*
j*
£444 444444444444444444464444*444*^
ranged because of the intend«»d visit of the
Czar to Potsdam on Thursday, which was
subsequently abandoned. Thus Emperor
"William had his preparations for this im
portant visit for nothing
Aside from these untoward circum
stances other features aroused serious
criticism of the military value of these
big maneuvers, in which three army corps
numbering 90,f100 men participated. The
troops marched well. In infantry covering.
In spite of the weather, which caused the
men to be often knee deep in mud from
twenty to forty kilometers dally. But
some of the commanders made some
egregTious blunders.
General yon Falken Hausen. command
ing ;he Thirteenth corps, got separated
from the Fourteenth and the plan of cam
paign had to be licked into shape fcr the
next morning.
The Emperor's dashing charge on
Wednesday at the head of two cavalry
divisions was a tine sight. But all ■■•>■
experts present agreed that such a charge
in actual war and under the same condi
tions would have led to the complete an
nihilation of the whole cavalry. There
was, however, the remarkable fact that
the physical condition and morale of the
troops on both sides remained in tine
shape. in spite of the weather. Only a
few rases of serious illness were reported.
Experts assert that the new tieM artil
lery and automobiles were both found to
be easily transportable. Automobile.-?
henceforth will be regularly used in array
transportation. Some automobiles made
during the night and over unknown roads
from fifty to seventy miles without break
ing down.
Perhaps the most interesting feature of
the maneuvers was that the Fifteenth
! corps, mair.lv recruited in .-vlsace-. fra
i ternized freely with the Thirteenth and
Fourteenth corps, who were from other
parts of the empire.
LUNATIC ESCAPES.
Too Fleet of Foot for the Gunrds at
Napa.
NAPA, Sept. 15.— Ivan Kelso. a sheep
herder, who was arrested last week on a
THE EMPORIUM.
charge of insanity, was examined yester
day and committed to the asylum. He
was confined in the infirmary pending
trivial
This morning, while an attendant was
cleaning out toe room where he was con
fined, the maniac dashed through the door
and made his scape. Mr. Fly, the super
intendent, notified the officers, and they
have beer, searching for him al! day. He
has been canght sight of several times
and r-has^d. but proved too Meet of foot.
He was pursued so closely once that he
doubled and ran ba^k to town, where he
was caught by Superintendent Fly. A
■ • sued, ending in Keiso getting
away, making for the foothills
Coombsvtlle, where the officers are R< w
in pursuit. It Is feared that if left at
large the man will commit some violence,
as his mania Is of a homicidal character.
COLOMBIA'S MONEY
CRISIS IS PASSED
Merchants Negotiate Loan From
the Government and Issue
Banking Certificates.
Special Cat If Bo The Call and New York Her
ald Copyrighted, 1539, by James Gordon
Bf>nr.<»t'.
PANAMA, Sept. 16.— Bogota advices are
to the effect that General Holguln ha»
accepted the treasury portfolio. Mer
chants in the department of Antioquia
have contracted a loan from the Colom
bian Government of £90,(00, with the
privilege of issuing banking certificates.
Local banks there propose to effect
similar financial operations. Lower ex
change and improvement in business !s
generally expected to follow in conse
quence. Political matters are quiet.
Yellow Fever in Cuba.
SANTIAGO. Cuba. Sept. 16.— Two fatal
cases of yellow fever, one of the victims
being 1 Mrs. Monsanto, wife of a brewery
agent, have occurred here.
56
SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 17, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. . .
Address All Communications to W j_^J^^sJ!^^~.
PUBLICATION OFFICE A^ark?t and Third St».. S. F
Telephone Mam IS3S.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main JB7«.
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. 5 ornti. i
Term! by Hull. Including: Poster*: j
PAXLT CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year ffl.OO j
DaILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00 .
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 months .... 1.80 i
DAILY CAM.— By Slnel9 Month **«
fjUNDAY CALL i^nf Tear IJiO !
.WEEKLY CALL One Year 1 - 00 !
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. CEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising. Marqaetto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT.
C C. CARLTON Herald SquarO
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE t
PERRY LUKE IMS «JR 29 Tribune Bnildln*
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Fhennan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel)
STremonX Hou»«; Auilltorlum Hotel.
-v,
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. BreutSLno, 21 Union Eauar*)
Hurray Hill Hotel.
"WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
•I. L. ENGLISH. Correspondent.
!
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clocK- 300 Hayes street, open untl! ;
30 o'clock. 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30 ;
o'clock. 615 LarkJn street, open until 9:30 o'clock- |
I9AI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 22C Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '095
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh)
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty- j
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock,.
* ■ - ■— i
AMUSEMENTS.
Oroheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoll— "Othello."
Columbia "Mart* Antoinette," Monday evening, Septem-
ber 2:.
Alcazar— "The Wages of Sin."
Grand Opera-house — "Fatlnitza."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville, ©very afternoon and
•Venn:*.
Olynipia, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Sutro Baths Swimming Races, etc
Ulen Park — Grand performance to-day.
Union Coursing Park — Coursing To-day.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Mechanics" Fair and Philippine Ex-
hibit.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Reception Recital, Thursday evening,
September 21.
Circus — Sixteenth and Folsom streets, Saturday, Septsm-
ber t2.
AUCTION SALES.
By Davis, Belau & Co.— Monday, September IS. at 11 o'clock.
Furniture, at I'.'ll Pacific avenue.
A PLAIN POLITICAL JOB.
'i ■JH". legislative satellites of Dan Burns demand
that an extra session of the Legislature shall be
called, nor to send their patron to the Federal
S< ■l.ate via the caucus route, but in order that the
Vrooman street improvement act may be amended
and re-enacted. They fall to weeping and wailing
whenever the subject of streets and sewers is men
tioned. According to them, unless an extra session
is convened to amend this statute there will be no
ny re eclipses of the moon, wheat will not sprout
next year, fruit and grapes will fail, the mines will
peter cvr and the Lord will suspend the transit of
Venus until a more opportune season.
This argument is senile, and is talked and written
for gudgeons. Within a year and three months the
Legislature will assemble in regular session. That is
a very short period. The State has been many a
longer time without a statute under which the con
struction of streets and sewers was compulsory. in
188 l the Supreme Court declared the street law of
1876 unconstitutional, and it was not until 1885 that
an act was passed providing a practicable method of
carrying on public work. In the interim streets and
«ewrrs throughout the State were built by the people
by private contract. The same thing may be done
now. There is nothing to prevent property-owner^
who desire to improve their property from calling in
a contractor and ordering him to build according to
legal specifications, in which event the work will be
accepted by the government.
But even if this were not all gospel truth, the fact
remains that the Supreme Court has not yet declared
the Vrooman act unconstitutional. Our Mexican
ifeliow citizens may have a fear that when the case of
the Petaluma Paving Company gets before that
tribunal some such a catastrophe will happen; but
to all intents and purposes the Vrooman act is still
•in force. Moreover, in the case of Hornung vs.
McCarthy, decided on the Bth inst., the court ex
pressly dodged the point raised in the Petaluma case
and held a street assessment under the Vrooman act
valid and enforceable. Nor was the constitutional
issue raised in the latter case overlooked. A certi
fied copy of the decision of the United States Supreme
Court in the case of Norwood vs. Baker comprised
a part of the record.
McCarthy was the owner of a lot on a hill in South
San Francisco. Under the Vrooman act the Super
visors cut a street through the eminence and assessed
the cost, according to the "front foot" plan, upon the
adjacent prop'"-'.;.-. McCarthy was deemed to have
been damaged to the extent of $1500, but he was a.-,
sessed for "benefits" nearly five times that sum. He
was consequently left with a lot forty feet in the air
and a bill to pay amounting to more than the value
of his property.
If ever there was a horrible example of the uncon
stitationality of the '"front foot" method of street as
sessment here was one. Yet the Supreme Court held
the proceedings valid on the ground that McCarthy
should have brought an injunction to restrain the
work Having remained quiescent while the con
tractor executed the improvement and paid for ir,
the court thought it was not constitutional to pick
the latter's pocket by the indirect process of a law
suit.
Why will not the court take the same view of other
cisc; which come up under the ruling of the Federal
tribunal in Norwood vs. Bnker? Jf it does so. what
necessity is there for calling the Legislature together
to amend the Vrooman act? Street improvement
and sewet building will go on until injunctions are
procured to stop them, and if the injunctions are sus
tained what harm can result? True, a few streets
may remain unimproved and a few sewers may not
be built until iooi. but in all cases where the property^
owners permit the work to actually commence they
will have to pay the bill.
All this makes it clear that the demand of our
Mexican fellow-citizens for an extra session of the
Legislature is a political job. Will they with this
transparent argument be able to pull the wool over the
eyes of the people? We shall see.
THE SUPREME COURT.
THE new charter for this city is before the Su
preme Court for a final judicial interpretation
of it 6 validity. Reasonable men who favored
and reasonable men who opposed the charter see in
this a very necessary policy. To start a city govern
: ment on a new fundamental law in uncertainty of its
constitutionality would of necessity cripple admin
istration and nullify the reformatory object for which
the charter was made. When new constitutions are
made for States, under legislative provision and by
the act of a solemn convention, ratified by the peo
ple and established in the ballot-box, they are still
subject to judicial consideration, and if they fail to
square with the Federal constitution in any particu
i lar they are to that extent set aside by the courts.
| So, also, if in the process of their construction there
1 have been substantial failures in complying with the
law providing for amendment or substitution, the
courts detect such failure in time to prevent the re
organization of a government upon an invalid founda
tion.
The new charter of this city makes wide and acute
changes in administration honestly intended to better
it and to be in the public interest. While opinions
may differ as to their competency to secure the end
in view, there is no difference in the ascription of
virtuous intention in the instrument itself, therein
reflecting the public spirit and good purpose of its
framers.
It is before the final court to receive its judgment
in all particulars that go to its validity as the organic
law of a great city. When that judgment is pro
nounced our people will show forth their good citi
7cnship by cheerful acquiescence. While this spirit
is abroad and controls the purpose of the masses of
our people the Examiner is pursuing a course cal
culated to dilute and weaken the effect of a favorable
decision by raising the presumption that the court
can be or must be influenced in such decision by
swaggering threats and the fear of popular execra
tion.
Falsely creating a condition that does not exist, that
paper begins by saying that "busybodies who assume
to speak for the Supreme Court on the outside are
on the streets whispering intimations that tfie court
is preparing to set aside the San Francisco charter."
Having by. falsehood laid a foundation, the Exam
iner proceeds to say: '"The Supreme Court will not
dare to set aside the results of a popular election hon
estly conducted, as every man knows the charter and
; Freeholder elections were conducted. It was the will
of the people openly and honestly declared. No, the
1 Supreme Court will not throw out the charter.
There are limits beyond which men who mean to live
in California will not care to go."
Installing a pretext by falsehood, the Examiner pro
ceeds to misrepresent the legal points involved, as
suming that the case turns upon the honesty of two
elections, and that the court "will not dare" to set
aside the charter or any part of it, because it was the
result of a popular election! That is to say tint
though the charter might contravene, directly, pro
visions in the State or Federal constitution, though
it might deprive any one of rights entrenched in
those instruments, the Supreme Court will not dare
to say so because the P2xaminer will thereupon make
it impossible for the Justices to live in California!
Tiic history of American journalism affords a no
more flagrant interference with the independence and i
authority of a court than tins.
If the mere fact of adoption of an organic act or
a fundamental law by popular vote puts the instru
ment where courts dare not interpret it, our system
of government is at an end. Then State constitutions
may nullify the Federal constitution, to be in turn
nullified themselves by the charters of their own sub
- ordinate municipalities, and symmetry and order will
disappear and popular liberty and the rights of per
son and property wilf follow. The attitude of the
Examiner, then, is strictly revolutionary, and sets up
a rule of action that ends all stability in government.
It would make the administration of an American
i State as willful and uncertain as that of the turbulent
| countries of Central and South America, and far less
'■ orderly than the aboriginal government of an Indian
tribe. Under the pretense of devotion to good gov
; ernmentj it proposes an intolerable system destruc
tive of all government. Worst of all, it shadows and
dilutes a decision favorable to the charter with the
idea that the court did not dare decide otherwise for
; fear of an outbreak which would exile its members
from the State or outlaw them within its borders!
The Examiner cannot now support the validity of
■ the charter, if affirmed by the court, on the ground
; that such affirmation speaks the judicial mind and is
! derived by application of the rules of legal interpre-
I tation, but because the judgment utters only the fear
of the court and is rendered under threat and moral
duress.
We put the case calmly to lawyers and laymen
■ alike and ask them to consider the consequences of
such judicial rule as the Examiner proposes to insti
; tute. It is simply subversive of society and its insti
j tutions. If acted upon, or if there arise a suspicion
that a court is subject to it. chaos takes the place of
i law and confusion substitutes system. All over this
! State men and organizations are working together
i for the greatening of our materialities. Our attractive
i phylactery is spread like a banner of enterprise to lure
. a thrifty population to come and put its property and
' its profits under the shelter of our laws and the pro
tection of our courts. But what prudent man will
subject his family and his gains to the annihilation of
I rights which must everywhere closely follow the pol
! icy by which the Examiner proposes to abolish ju
! dicial protection and independence and substitute
j them with dynamite and the bludgeon?
We are painfully aware of the effect of such a publi
' cation upon certain unthinking elements and indi
| vidual minds. The thoughtless have ever been the
j beneficiaries of the thoughtful, to whom the world
I owes the careful and majestic architecture of that sys
i tern of judicial guardianship which has made owner
\ ship of property as safe to the weak as to the strong.
I That system can only exist while the judiciary is free
and safe to apply to all issues joined the principles
of the science of the law. Yet here, at the very begin
i ning and germ of our whole constitutional scheme of
government, it is demanded that a court shall abdi
cate its independence, shut its eyes to judicial inter
pretation and let fear for its physical safety be the
sole motive for decision in a matter which is at the
origin of all government! The impression upon th'it
thoughtful class of minds which are the final cause
of public opinion must reveal the danger of letting
j such a threat and its brazen infamy go unrebuked.
The gentleman of Keswick who shot the top of his
friend's head off in a controversy over a mine appears
to have acted somewhat hastily. The courts have de
cided that the mine belonged neither to the murdered
man nor to the murderer.
The State authorities of health intend to begin a
vigorous crusade against consumptives. Los Angeles
may take it as an invidious attack upon its resources
by politicians.
The secretary of the State Horticultural Society
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1899.
seems to have gone beyond his depth in mingling
with gentlemen. At the Sacramento State Fair he
gave every necessary evidence of the fact that his
sphere of usefulness was rightly chosen when he de
termined to confine his energies to the consideration
of insect pests.
RECEPTIONS TO THE VOLUNTEERS.
SO far as the general public is concerned the re
ceptions given by the city to the volunteers re
turning from the Philippines culminated in the
grand pageants and brilliant illuminations which at
tended the welcome to the Californians. All that has
followed has seemed in the nature of an anti-climax,
and comparatively little attention is given to it.
It is of course natural that this should be so. The
enthusiasm and the interest of the people mounted
rapidly from the time when the first of the volun
teers returned until the day when our own boys came
back and then overflowed in an exuberance of re
joicing in that week of festivals. The inevitable re
| action has followed, and comparatively few people
take note of the fact that the receptions are still
going on as each successive regiment returns, and
that the courtesies and the hospitality of the city are
extended by the committee with undiminished hear
tiness and liberality.
By the economy with which it managed the grand
I displays of welcome to the California troops the com
mittee has on hand a surplus to continue the recep
tions to the troops of other States as they arrive. As
fast as they come they find a welcome waiting them.
They are greeted with music and are entertained at the
theaters, and other forms of hospitality are shown
them. The committee, in fact, continues to discharge
its duties with as much zeal and energy as it did when
the subject was a matter of universal interest an-1
when all eyes were upon it.
It is said that several men who went to the mining
town of Anvil to practice law and medicine are now
using the pick and shovel with commendable cheer
fulness and some success. A few estimable gentle
men nearer home might respect the eternal fitness
of things and follow suit.
The dispatches announce that the Filipino con
gress has become disheartened. The determination
with which the military progress of General Otis is
resisted indicates very clearly that the germ of dis
content has not yet entered the Filipino army.
IT lias long been known that enough flood water
flows back to the sea in our rainy seasons to more
than triplicate the Stated resource for irrigation.
The aiiirmation by the courts of riparian rights and
their modification by some rights of prior appropria
tion lay only upon the average normal flow of the
streams. The Hood waters are not subject to any of
the limitations upon their use that stand around the
usual flow.
Therefore, it has been felt that if some system is
workable whereby the flood waters can be impounded
and saved from waste, leaving the average carriage
of the streams to those whose right to it is confirmed
by the law, not only would many distressing disputes
and costly lawsuits be obviated, but the arable area of
; the State would be finally extended to cover all land
that can be made fruitful by a proper service of water.
We are looking to a great extension of our commerce
and are already in enjoyment of its first fruits, buz,
after all, commerce depends upon the production of
all those things which enter into profitable exchange.
Increase in our marketable production is increase in
our commerce. That production is limited to the
amount of water available for irrigation. It may not
all be always needed. The rainfall may obsolete its
use sometimes, but, after all, stability of commerce
! depends upon stability of production, and this can
bs assured in California only by having always at
hand and ready for distribution a sufficient volume of
water for irrigation. The only source of this is in
the efficient storage of the flood waters, which other
wise waste.
An attempt is of long standing to have this done
by the Federal Government, but so far no appre
ciable headway is made. The trouble with Federal
?.Lt ; on is that it implies, primarily, the expenditure of
public money, and the Government, being a political
corporation, is controlled by a majority of its stock
holders — that is to say, of its voters. That majority
is planted where men farm without invoking Federal
aid in anything, and they cannot be brought to sec
why others 6hould have it in the same vocation. This
exertion of the power of the majority throws the
question of flood water storage back upon the State — ■
at least as far as California is concerned.
The vast and numerous interests affected, running
from the miners to the horticulturists, have organ
ized to suggest and secure some plan by which the
State can impound these flood waters and provide
for their equitable distribution. If this can be done
the future of this State is made alluring.
The State Board of Trade and the California
I Press Association have emphasized the necessity of
| the proposed work by putting at the disposition of the
new organization a sufficient sum of money to in
itiate its work, and it is proposed to hold a State
convention to crystallize the plan and prepare the
legislation required.
No more important economic matter is now be
fore our people, and there is no doubt that it will get
the attention and support which it deserves.
The good people of Santa Rita are nothing if not
deliberate iq estimating consequences. They have
finally arrived at the conclusion that an eleven-year
old boy who attempted to kill three playmates and
then stole a horse is likely to become a criminal if his
career is not checked.
RIVALRY IN THE TWIN CITIES.
RTVALRY between St. Paul and Minneapolis is
so keen that a stroke of newspaper enterprise
in one city is immediately followed by a clever
counter stroke in the other. Thus when the Minne
apolis Times made a fine showing by taking the fron
tispiece of The Call's volunteer reception edition, fend
using it as an illustration in announcing the arrival of
the Minnesota boys from the Philippines, merely sub
stituting the name "Sheridan" for "Sherman" on the
transport, the Pioneer Press of St. Paul proceeded to
get even by reproducing from that same edition of
The Call the picture of the naval parade, making,
of course, the change in the name of the transport.
Enterprise which follows in the lead of The Call
and profits thereby to the extent of giving a wider
enjoyment of our artistic iflustrations is to be com
mended, but it should be accompanied by more care
than was exercised by either of the rival journalists
in this case. We regret to note that in changing the
name of the transport each of them forgot to give
credit to The Call for the original pictures. If the
Times will now direct the attention of Minneapolis
to the misdeeds of the St. Paul journalist and the
Pioneer Press will point out to the people of St.
Paul the wrong of the Minneapolis newspaper justice
will be done and all forgiven.
UTILIZING FLOODS.
EDITORIAL VARIATIONS.
BY JOHN McNfIUGHT.
The man on the street In the United
- States has gone wild on a good many
occasions and from a wide variety of
causes in my time, but he has never
: been quite so hysterical as over
■ the conviction of Dreyfus. I can
; remember when he wished to have
Congress hurl defiance at Bismarck
because of what he called "the i
I persecution of Yon Arnim"; I recall
: ! the vigor with which he urged the
I President to demand of Victoria the |
immediate release of Mrs. Maybrick; ■
but in neither of thoße instances was !
the man on the street quite so uproar- '
iously furious as he is at present. Two j
■j or three of him the other night
i | threatened to close up one of our best- :
| known restaurants because the musi- '
cians of the place started to play the !
1 "Marseillaise." Others of him insist
i upon a general boycott of everything
. ; French and would have us all Jforswear ;
a visit to the Paris Exposition of 1900. j
Such performances and demands are
intended to show that the man is a j
friend of humanity and a lover of jus
tice, but the effect is very different j
, ! from the intention. For my part I am j
! inclined to believe the men who are so '
! eager to have Paris boycotted are sim- j
I ply a lot of impecunious fellows who j
won't be able to attend the exposition
themselves and don't like any one else
!to go. To stay away from France for
the sake of "avenging Dreyfus" would :
not be logical, nor would it help Drey- '
fus, but it sounds well to persons who
think if the Parisians should happen to
miss us they would feel hurt and be >,
sorry.
• • •
The innocence of Dreyfus Is pro
claimed by "the civilized world" that ■
didn't hear or read the evidence, and
his guilt has been pronounced by two :
sets of "prejudiced and degenerate
! scoundrels" who did hear the evidence. !
I Such is the statement of the case gen- j
j erally made on the street. On that j
I showing a man of reasonable coolness
will at least reserve judgment enough
to avoid hysteria. That an innocent
man should be condemned by villains
in high office is no doubt very bad, but i
why condemn all France, French music j
and French expositions?
The advocates of Captain Carter,
whose case is one of some celebrity In
our own country, assert his innocence
as vigorously as ever that of Dreyfus
has been asserted. They maintain he
j was unjustly convicted by a court-
I martial composed of eminent officers of
! our army and that his persecution and
condemnation were brought about by
a conspiracy on the part of a giant
corporation whose iniquity he was
about to expose. Suppose the French
; should take ud the Carter case and i
! boycott us? Suppose they should say j
! no American goods shall be exhibited
; at their exposition and no American be
j permitted to Bee thHr "Midway Plai
jsance"? Th^n, indf-od, there would be
occasion for hysteria and the man on
the street could have full liberty to
dance a war dance and disturb the de
corum of our public resorts at his
] pleasure. Until that happen, however,
the Dreyfusard should be abated a lit
tle. It isn't our year for a revolution.
• • •
Here are a few extracts from an ac
count of a religious meeting by a
writer in a recent issue of the New
York Tipes: "As we entered the room
an order was given in a stern voice to
all fall on their faces and pray. Being
unused to the customs I knelt at a
: chair and was surprised to hear shouts
I while the prayer went up to humble
I the proud spirit of the woman who was
kneeling. Looking around I discovered
I was the only one not with my face on
the floor, so I got down rather than
create a scene. * * After the pray
ing had gone on for a short time the
leader jumped to his feet and shouted
! that the devil was present in the room
I and that God would not listen to his
I prayers. 'I will go to the turret and
talk with God and find out what the
trouble is.' As he said this he walked
out of the room, stepping on the pros
trate forms on the floor on his way to
the hall."
That sounds like a description of
some abomination of Buddhism in Asia
or fetish worship in Africa, but it isn't.
It is an account of the way a certain
class of our fellow countrymen of the
good old State of Maine carry on the
religious observances of Christianity.
Had such a scene occurred in Frarce it
would be easy to class it among the
I roofs of the degeneracy of the race,
but as it is we shall have to let it go
ucclaesed and call it "zeal."
Ry way of contrast to the perfervic!
drvttion of the revivalists of Maine, it
is worth noting the cool and perfunc
tory way in which camp meetings are,
sometimes at least, conducted in Geor
gia. At the close of such a meeting in
that State a short time ago a sot of res
olutions of thanks were adopted by a
rising vote. The resolutions contained
| eight clauses after the preamble, each
of which gave thanks to some particu
lar person or set of persons: and the
last two, according to the report given
in the Atlanta Constitution, run thus:
"Seventh— To the railroad for the re
duced rate of one and a third fare for
round trip to persons attending the
meeting.
'Eighth— To Almighty God, the
Father, Son and Holy Ghost, for call
ing so many of his people together,
and meeting with them in power and
demonstration."'
To give thanks to a railroad company
and to God in one set of resolutions
and in the same form may not be the
height of decorum and dignity, but it is
better than the practice in Maine of
lying down to let an evangelist walk
over your prostrate body. Such is my
opinion. If, however, any one think
differently he has a right to rejoice
that he can think at all. In matters of
religion in a free country it is not de
sirable there should be either conform
ity or uniformity.
• • •
It is well known that President Kru
j ger of the Transvaal Is a profoundly
! religious man, and it will be remem
bered that a few weeks ago he advised
the British officials to read certain
Psalms for the edification of their
minds on the subject of their strife
with him. It is not so well known,
however, that Cecil Rhodes, the great
opponent of Kruger, is also a devout
man serving the Lord diligently after
his manner. He recently made a speech
at the laying of the cornerstone of a
Presbyterian church at Woodstock,
near Cape Town, and it is thus reported
in the Westminster Gazette:
"He remembered when the Bishop of
Deny was out here, and was staying
I with him. On the Sabbath the Bishop
said to him. "I suppose you are com
ing to hear me at Rondebosch
Church?" and Mr. Rhodes said, "No,
sir, I have got my own chapel." The
Bishop said. "Where is it?" and he re
plied, "It is up the mountain." The
fact was. if he might take them into
j his confidence, that he did not care to
go to a particular church on one day in
the year when he ftsed his own chapel
at all other times. He found that up I
i that mountain one got thoughts — what
j they might term religious thoughts, be
i cause they were thoughts for the bet
! terment of humanity, and he believed
I that was the best description of relig
i ion — to work for the betterment of hu
■ man beings who surround us."
Going to a mountain to get thoughts
for the betterment of humanity is good
; exercise, but Mr. Rhodes should have
i remembered that Satan's plan of
: temptation has been known to include
taking one to the pinnacle of a moun
| tain, showing him all the surrounding
i country and offering him the kingdom
|if he would bow down. Is Mr. Rhodes
| quite certain that when from the top of
| his favorite mountain he looks over
' into Kruger's country, he has always
i said with firmness: "Get thee behind
me, Satan"?
• • •
In these days when the discontented
are doing so much of the talking it is
pleasant to know there is one man of
; a cheerful disposition and easily satis- j
! fled, who has sufficient rank in the j
world to compel attention when he ]
wishes to say something, and sufficient
| good humor to say something comfort-
I ing when he has attention. That happy
j personage is the Czar of Russia, and
', he has been pleased to notify the rra
-1 tions that he is satisfied with the re
! suits of the Peace Conference. In their
j note the Ministers who represented
him at the conference and who speak
for him say:
"It has been found necessary for the
conference to postpone a definite set
tlement of the complicated question of
the suspension of armaments until
fully elucidated by the different Gov
ernments. Nevertheless," they add,
"the lightening of military burdens is
already admitted by unanimous reso
lution to be urgently desirable for all
nations."
Language of that kind from such a
source is charming. The babblers of
the world have been complaining that
the conference accomplished nothing,
and judging from their reports it would
be supposed a man who was pleased j
with the results wouldn't be discon- 1
tented if he stuck a nail in his foot.
Now comes the man who called the ;
conference and he tells his people they I
got their moneys worth. Surely it is |
better to be a Czar and have a contented :
mind than to be a critic and have j
nothing but an inclination to be un- |
happy; better to be satisfied with even \
so windy a thing as a "unanimous !
resolution" than not to be satisfied at j
all.
• • •
A lurid contemporary which pub
llshed last Sunday a full page account of
alleged bacchanalian revels and drunken ;
orgies at a resort where good folks I
spend the summer and musical young '
men sing eweet songs to the maiden j
moon apologized later on by declaring j
the publication was an "inadvertence." i
As the style of the article was even >
more highly colored than the many- j
hued gaud of a picture that illustrated j
it, the apology has been received with j
hesitation. If the paper had frankly j
admitted that the whole "colored sup
plement" was a mental aberration, the
explanation would have been sufficient
and satisfactory.
• • •
That Voltaire was right in defining
history as "a fable agreed upon" has •
been proven anew by a fresh illustra
tion of the difficulty of learning the ex*
act truth concerning even contempo- j
rary events. The Society of Architect- j
ural Iron Manufacturers of New York
determined a short time ago to erect
a tablet commemorating the inventor
of what is known as "skeleton con- i
struction" now so frequently used in
the larger structures in our cities; but
when they set about the work they,
found half a dozen claimants for the
honor and the advocates of each cited
some particular building as the earliest '
example of the construction which has
revolutionized architecture and made
the skyscraper possible. Such a dis
pute would appear to be easy of solu
tion, but it isn't. The more the subject
is investigated the farther back can the
system be traced. It was used in Lis- !
bon after the great earthquake, ac- j
cording to good authorities, and before !
the controversy is over we shall prob- j
ably have some antiquarian inform us
it was used at the Tower of Babel.
Meantime a pretty little side dispute i
has cropped out. Chicago avers it is j
Impudence on the part of New York to i
erect a tablet for such a purpose and I
vehemently claims the first skyscraper ;
as her own.
• • •
That spirit of the age which moves
men to join with one another andorgan
ize clubs, unions, leagues, societies, as
sociations and combinations of all sorts i
has been potent in this country, but
even more potent in Great Britain. So
numerous and so strong have the va
rious organizations become in that
kingdom the people who do not belong
to one or more of them are in danger
of being crowded off the island. Hence
there has arisen a burly British oppo
sition to the spirit, and as a result there
has been started in Birmingham a new
secret society which is called the
"Anti-Association Defense League."
The promoters of the movement style
themselves "friends of liberty," but in
asmuch as their mode of fighting asso
ciations consists in forming another as
sociation and making it a secret order,
the advantage of joining them is not
clear. The fact that such a combina
tion has been started, however, is a
sign of the times and an intimation ot
what we are coming to. We have
learned in this country that the best
way to fight a trust is to start an oppo
sition trust, and it appears we shall
have to keep on with the movement
until everybody and every industry are
included in one gigantic trust and then
there will a happy and spontaneous so.
lution of all problems by the inevitable
ending of all in one big bust.
For some time past reports from the
Eastern summer resorts have informed
us of the alarming extent to which
both men and women are becoming ad
dicted to the habit of going about with
out hats. The practice began, it ap
pears, with college oarsmen, thence it
passed to all kinds of boating: people
and afterward to cyclists, and now it i a
said to be a common sight to see youns
men and women of style and stuff rid
ing, driving, promenading and playing
golf hatless, bonnetless, capless; cov
ered as to the heads of them with noth
ing but their own hair.
It is claimed for the fad that a hat
is a nuisance; that it conceals rather
than adorns the dignity of the human
head; that it tends to produce baldness,
engenders colds, is difficult to keep in
place when exercising In a breeze, and
is an old-fashioned custom which it
were well to get rid of. It will be noted
that nothing is said about the Influ
ence of a hat upon the talk of him who
wears It, and from that fact the con
clusion will be readily drawn that the
fad is founded upon reason and not
flippancy.
It is hardly likely the new practice
will be continued through the shocks
of winter, but there are a good many
decent men with a proper regard for
thHr wives who would be glad to see it
revive next spring just before Easte*-.
In the meantime the promptness of the
girls in adopting the style may be cited
as another evidence of feminine per
versity. It took forty laws to compel
the belles to take off their hats in a
theater where the public prefers the
hatless woman, but now without any
law or logic they forswear hats alto
gether just for the sake of following,
the boys. *
THREE LITTLE BLOKES
FROM SCHOOL.
Yum Yum Gtdge, Teefi To Conlon and Pitti
Sing Kemp.
Three* little blnkps from school are we.
Out for the dough to a certain-t#e.
The pie, the cake and the bak-er-ee—
Three little blokes from school.
Nobody's safe, for we care for none;
Our hearts are set on easy mun.
To make things smooth for No. 1—
Three little blokes from school.
Three little blokes from school, who very
Often deal In stationery—
Two get coin and one gets nary-
Three little blokes from school.
Yum Turn Gedge— One little bloke pulls
teeth, I think:
Peep Bo Conlon— And one little bloke
knows paint from ink;
Pittl Sing Kemp— Third little bloke gets ,
the rinky-dlnk —
All— Three little blokes from school.
From three little blokes send two away
To do some time across the bay;
The third may join them there some day —
Three little blokes from school.
Three little hfokes with bias trimmln's.
Who do their best to knock persimmons
Off the tree for Philly Crimmins—
Three little blokes from school.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Jefferson Hull of San Jose Is at the
Lick.
I ing and engaged apartments at the Occl-
I dental.
Francis A. Wyman, a business man of
Boston, Mass., is at the Palace.
W. F. Barnes, a Los Angeles attorney,
will be at the Grand for a few days.
Frank W. Griffin, a mining- man of Oro
ville, is one of the guests at the Califor
j nia.
G. B. Shaver, president of the Fresno
Flume and Canal Company, is staying at
i the Grand.
George F. WHson, a prominent physician
of Portland, Or., Is a late arrival at the
Occidental.
C. E. Steams, a dry sroods merchant of
New York, i? at the Palace in company
with his wife.
Major George E. Pickett, paymaster in
the United States army, is at the Occi
dental with his family.
W. E. Bailey and W. G. Taylor, well
known merchants of Los Angeles, will be
at the Palace for a few days.
H. A. Jastro, chairman of the Kern
County Board of Supervisors, is regis
tered at the Grand from Bakersfield.
John Hammer, proprietor of the Lo«
Angeles Hotel Gazette, is at the Palace on
a brief visit to this city with his wife.
A. H. Pogson and wife and P. N. Pog
son, his brother, have arrived here from
Chicago and are guests at the California-
Mrs. George Flavel and her two daugh
ters arrived from Astoria, Or., yesterday
morning and engaged apartments at the
Occidental.
Dr. A. P. Woodward, Dr. F. Cornwall
and R. G. Guyett of this city and Dr.
Henry Yates of Crockett left yesterday
for Snone's ranch, Mendocino County, for
their annual deer hunt. They will b«
gone one week.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Sept. 1&-J. F. Rossiter,
San Francisco, Raleigh; S. A. Black man,
San Francisco, Metropolitan.
» ♦ ■ . -
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TRANSPORTS— Pare, City. If you will
call at the office of the companies con
trolling tugs you win be informed as to
tugs that go out to meet incoming trans
ports.
STARS ON THE FLAG— W. J., Sol
diers' Home, Cal. The rule for placing
the stars on the blue field of the Ameri
can flag is to arrange such in rows ot
eight and seven alternately.
EARTH AND MOON— A. B. J., City.
The mean distance from earth to moon is
235,850 miles. The distance of the sun from
the earth is about 92.700,000 miles. Mars is
distant from the sun 140.000,000 miles.
HYDRAULIC BRAKE— H. H. H., City.
For complete information regarding
hydraulic brakes on modern guns address
a communication to the ordnance bureau
of the War Department, Washington, D.
C. stating reasons for desiring the infor
mation. If it is deemed advisable to give
It, it will be furnished.
PHOTOGRAPHS— M. G.. Berkeley, Cal.
Some photographs in the showcases of
photographers are for sale and others are
not. As the letter of inquiry does not in
dicate the particular gallery in which the
photograph is on exhibition the question
cannot be answered. Suppose the corre
spondent goes to the gallery and aaks?
QX'OTATION— G. S., San Simeon. San
Luis Oblspo County, Cal. Poems are not
indexed in books of reference by the last
line, but by the first line. For that rea
son it is impossible to locate the poem.
Possibly some reader of this department
may be able to Inform the correspondent
where a poem of four verses each ending
with
RED FIRE— A. B. J., City. The follow
ing ingredients are used in making red
fire for illuminations: Nitrate of strontla
13 paits. sulphur 1 part, powder dust 1
part. The latter ingredient is prepared
from fine gunpowder rubbed up carefully
in a mortar and then sifted through a
hair sieve. Any druggist will tell you the
price of the ingredients other than the
gunpowder.
RECRUITING STATIONS-S.. City
The recruiting stations in California at
this time are located: For the regular
army at 121 New Montgomery street, San
Francisco: Los Angeles and the various
military posts. For the volunteer service
at the same places. Oakland. Marvsvllle..
Bakergfleia. Merced. San Jose, Watson
vine, taalinas, Gilroy. Holllster. New Al
maden, Stockton and Fresno
Cal. glace fruit 50c per rb at Townsend a. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen'sK 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •- • - MISCELLANEOUS.
© -h^-h^ -h-h-^h-: i : i : i : :■■: 1 1 : -h~h^^^: ;i : v : -i-;-!- ■i-s-i-i-;-:
! What's in a Name ?
t Answer: One-half of the price is in the name, the other half in the machine.
f HERE has been safety In certain NAMES— a rich pre-
-- _-sli5 li ! 1 - m t0 pay for _ }'_ _ attoslen 's name and Pattosien's
•■v-.ruT.nj^w "^ -,i guarantee goes with every
-gfmM*sßsbrrrvm machine — but YOU DON'T
: PAY FOR THE NAME! That's
-r^^^^^^ras^^^ " why we save you half.
f;3^^§fe^^^Sl $70 Sewin ? -Maehines...s3s.oo
"•Hfi&^a^i^S^^^B $50 Sewing-Machines... 25.00
S^Wp^MfelpPl $45 Sewing-Machines... 22.50
$40 Sewing-Maehines... 20.00
&SlMS^^^l^S^^^ Suppose it Is en sier to make
'"^^^^L- ; :i^|jf';: "^Wf partial payments? Instead
f : .*m«3£s^ft#l^' of a big take-a-risk price
BF we charge exactly the same
''^^^M^^^^^^^ ;! as in a cash-down trans ac-
_-_~ """^^^^ !' tion, and you pay Interest at
THIS S7O CABINET MACHINE $35. !j the rate of 6 per cent a year
ExQuiaiteiy Finished in oak. waiaut ]> on the deferred part. Isn't
t — --~^^-^XU---i^-»^^^ i that fair and businesslike?
•I- ! WRITE FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULAR OF OUR MACHINES |"
PATTOSIEN'S
v 2-Acre Furniture Store,
| the^Sdi^jose. 16th and Mission Streets.
COURT NOTES.
Wall M. Cowie and Tie L.. Dick, !
trustees under the will of the late Emma }
L. Cowie, have filed a report of the con
dition of decedent's estate. They report i
that the property now on hand amounts |
to $255,250 53.
■The Inventory and appraisement In the j
estate of Ellen P. Church was filed yes
terday. The property is valued at $24,- j
SS4 49.
Mary A. Bowen has applied to the Su- i
preme Court for an order granting her
the exclusive custody and control of her I
children) Robert D.. Edna D., William J. j
and Agnes Jessie Bovren. now cox-nned in '■
the Eureka Home for Boys at the in
t-t nr.ee of their father. Robert Bo wen.
The amended and supplemental first an
nual account in the estate of the late ;
William B. Dolan was filed yesterday. I
The recapitulation shows cash received ;
from rents and other sources amounts to :
$12,i74 53; paid out. J12.723 49, leaving a bal- '.
ance of 5151 10. It also shows a balance !
due decedent's widow, Rose Dolan, on i
family allowance account of $11,699 11.
The failure of Henry Young to appear
for triai befcre the Marin County court r>n
the charge of arson against him has ;
caused the nlir.sr of a suit In this city. |
When Young' failed to appear the court
ordered"* his bail forfeited, and John Xol- ■
thenius, one of the bondsmen, paid the ;
sum of his bond. $1000. into the treasury :
of the county. Nblthenius now sue? A. :
C. A. Mo.chow. who also qualified on the |
bond, to recover $500. one-half of the face >
of the borui.
William Hill, a negro convicted of an !
assault with a deadly weapon upon the
person of James Cruz, was fined $10>X),
with the alternative of 500 days in jail, for :
the offense, by Judge Cook yesterday.
Divorce Suits Filed.
-
■ -
■
Lare
ilure to pro
■
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
"oil"
INVESTORS
TO BE ASTOUNDED. i ;
— <-» 4sv»!ornier.ts that are now taking
place, and which will be publicly an- j
nounced In the papers of the 22d will H
Increase the value of the stock or this N
i company 100 per cent. B I
All persona registered on oar books E .
as stockholders prior to September list ■
■will receive the benefit of this Increase. N
!■! IN VEST/GATE. &
prospectts free. g
_____ rj
Union- Consolidated Oil and I
Transportation Co, ;
322-323 PARROTT BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO.
3 OAKLAND~OmCE:
460 TENTH STREET. :
1 Office* open Ba, ra. to Bp. m. *
EXCURSION
. . TO . .
HONOLULU!
; V s
F»rsor.al!r conducted vi* the Australia. Octo- j
ber. 1?. Flrst-claas In every particular, and ln-
_£«« all the Hawaiian sight*, with - visit I
to the crater Kllauea. The total expense for j
thirty-one days Is $1"3. Tickets are *ood to re- i
turn within four months. FOR CIRCULAR, j
ITINERARY AND TICKKTS. CALL ON ,
DAVID A. CfRUY. 19 MONTGOMERY ST.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great*);
#l|fSEU> OF ANATOMY^
4 C__) IC-l _L_2ZSr _T- t«V £±_7--. S-f.fcl. a I
!gj ICaiUIIIX Anatomical Musetan fa the \
A __3^__ Word Weanne^es cr any cntracted Q
r <BgStt> di«'.i-u> ..».ri...ti-«red hytheoiaestT
w> #*" a3i bpet_vli»t<-«t_eCti»t. Est. 36 > 9 j
d i*s*\ 0R - JCR-AH-PRIVATE DISEASES 4 i
\ f (S&h'i Con«ult»tiqn free *nd strictly pdT_t«. \ .
_) I\*if' Tr» uinent personally nr If letter. AM i
Ft flfn Pot tn* Curt in every case undertaken. 'T |
AY I liJk u r ■•■-! -' E ■-■-* I"U!l.OS»l'IlV«f A ■
V * I 11 a4*Rl\:.>. MAILED FKEB. (AT {
» j| II »alu_tle book foi mcaj A i
9 DH JORDAXAtO "»• Market St.. 8. F. F
i^__^ **$^\ W^v^
Ip| 4Wm
RAIMVAVS'S 'READY KKLlii*' !as stood
u.i.-lvale'd before the public for M years as a
Ft In Remedy. It instantly r«!levei» and quickly
cures all Colds. .re Throaia. Influenza. Bron-
chltUi Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
H*a>iacb«. Toothache and all pains. Internally
tor Malaria and all Bowel Pains. Ail drufirlata. |
MEXICO'S RATAL
DAY CELEBRATED
IN GRAND STYLE
Natives of Southern
Republic Rejoice.
The sons and daughters of old V
ad their descendants turned out
in vast numbers last night to cele
brate the eighty-ninth anniversary
ndence of the souther:! re
public. They swarmed into Odd Fel
-9 :••■ i tees were
until no more could be accommo-
Lredfl turned away dis-
The hall was literally ,
jammed, men, women an : h •:. be-
in like sardines in a box.
those who arrived early were
able to secure seats, but those who
were compelled to star.d con gram
even that
; ■ .
rienced by ail was
feeling of patriotic exultation that per- .
vaded the assemblage.
Over the -• — - the flag of Mexico was
entwined with Old Glory, while around
the gallery rail colored bunting was
gracefully festooned. The exercises, as
Is customary, consisted of a literary
and musical entertainment, followed
by a grand ball, but th..- year the lit
erary and musical part of the pro
gramme had been prepared with un
usual care, a fact that was manifest
the moment the curtain rolled up and
revealed the grand chorus seated, row
upon row, in semi-eircuiar formation,
a dozen or bo seats in the center of the
arch being occupied by the officers
and the speakers. The arrangement
resembled In appearance nothing so
much as a minstrel first part, but
there the resemblance ceased.
After an overture by the orchestra
President Charles Baez presented Hon.
A. K. Coney, Consul General of ilex- j
ico, as honorary president of the day. j
Secretary A. de la Torre read the act
of independence proclaimed by Mexico
when she severed her allegiance front
Spain, and the orchestra played ' In
dependencia," which was enthusiasti
cally cheered. This constituted the
"Instalacion de la Junta Patriotica,"
and the celebration was on In earnest.
Ramon Garcia, the orator of the day.
delivered an address that teemed with
eloquence and arc-used the vast audi
ence to the highest pitch of enthusiasm.
The only other speakers were Mayor
Phelan and L. A. Campbell, who made
brief addresses appropriate to the occa- ,
sion in English.
A ran dance by Nina Gertrudis Xar
vaez was very prettily executed and
brought its reward in the shape of gen
erous applause and magnificent bou
quets of flowers from admirers in the
audience. Solos were sung by Miss M.
Dagnin, Mrs. Brigida Caraarena, Miss
Nellie O'Rourke, Mrs. Laura de George |
and Miss Justina Perez. Miss O'Rourke J
sang the "Star-spangled Banner" to an
orchestra accompaniment in a manner
that brought down the house. The
other soloists were accc-mpanied on the
piano by M. A. Ohlmeyer and Mrs.
Lamkin. and all were the recipients of
beautiful floral offerings. Miss Celsa '
Rivero recited a poem, and a very j
pretty trio was rendered by Miss Emily
Lassale, Miss Blanche Blanc and Miss
Jennie Lassale, accompanied on the
piano by Mrs. C Lassale Vauthier. As
a fitting climax to the entertainment
the Mexican national hymn was ren- j
dered. The four stanzas were sung re
spectively by Miss Leonor Balleto, Mrs.
Laura de George. Miss Josephlna Mesa
and Mrs. Brigida Camarena. The
chorus was beautifully rendered by the
following:
Misses Edna Adams, Jessie Dusen
berry, Lucy Coffey, Jennie Lass
Emily Lassale, Blanche Blanc, Solatia
Ornelas, Lorenza Ornelas, Celsa Orne
las, Alice Dusenberry, Carlota Rodri
guez. C. Ontiveros, Virginia Valencia,
Hope Mecready, Trinidad Balleto, Jose
fina Silva, Sofia Mersich, Maria Pan- :
toja, Clara Anaya. Carolina Pareyon,
Juanita Adams, J. Montero. Maria Val
dez, Mrs. H. de Blttner and Mrs. Car
men Ybarra.
Messrs F. Arteche, C. F. Jimenez,
Tomas Rivera. Salvador N. Villalobas,
J. Alvares. Angel Perez, Daniel Gallik.
Ramon Iliguera, L. Armendares, Man
uel Vasquez, Manuel Valverde, E.
Ybarra. Lauro Parellon, Arturo Lopez,
Luois George, Ernesto Lassale, Antonio
Aguilar, Raul Gallardo, Carlos Garcia.
At the conclusion of the literary and
musical programme the floor was
cleared and dancing held sway during
the remainder of the night. The un
qualified success of the celebration was
due to the untiring and intelligent ef
forts of the executive committee, !
which was composed of the following:
Charles Baez, president; Gustavo
Levy, vice president; A. dela Torre Jr.,
secretary: J. J. Arzave, assistant secre
tary: A. Montero. treasurer; Captain
A Rojo. Dr. A. Maldonado,, F. Car
ranza. C. F. Jimenez, R. G. del Pala
do J. R. Castellanos, A. Tejeda, E.
Tbarra, R. Garcia. R. Serrano. V. D. .
Medina, . M. A. Ohlmeyer, M. J. Luna,
C. Mersich, P. Espinosa.
Advances made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission. |
THE SAIS T 1 CISCO CALL, SU]S'D.A:y, SEl^rilMliEit IT, lhi>y.
TAXPAYERS OF COLMA
TURN GAMBLERS DOWN
Citizens Take the Matter Into
j Their Own Hands.
"Buck," Schwartz and Their Gang of Sau
salito Blacklegs Get Chilled Feet and
Do Not Attend the Meeting,
The citizens of Colmal the solid j
business men of the town and the own- '
ers of the hundred ranches alonjc the ;
country side, turned out en masse last ''
night, and from the hands of the Buck
ley-Schwartz combination and Its fol- I
lowing of thugs wrested the welfare j
and the future of their village. That j
meeting, which was to have been the \
crowning triumph of the touts, was
suddenly and Btartlingly turned Into ■
the strongest of rebukes, and Instead
of discussing Incorporation and pool- j
rooms, the hundred and odd solid tax- ]
payers present turned to the improve- |
ment of their roads and to other thinzs
that would bring greater value to their ;
-gs.
There has been a mighty opening of ,
eyes in Colma since The Call first
sounded the alarm. The cold facts that
were presented in the opening expose
mted for the sudden and warm in- j
terest Martin Kelly and others of his |
ilk were showing in the little San .
Mateo burg, and subsequent revelations
served merely as proof of the alleea
tions that the one scheme of the asso
ciated gamblers was to turn tne town
one of the rankest of gambling '
- Last night's meeting was the re- j
- ■ ■:' it. Early in the day the gang
got wind of the fact that things in
had stopped running in the
channel it had dug, and Bob Thornton :
- :he sole representative who had
the nerve to come out last nijfht. Not !
- the touts who lost their lobs
when Ingleslde was driven from the j
city could get his feet sufficiently j
warmed up to make the trip, and j
Thornton's temperature dropped into
his boots before the meeting was half ;
over.
Aa on previous occasions, Henry '
"Ward Brown occupied the chair. In i
his opening statement he said nothing
at all of incorporation; on the con
trary he said the object for which the
r.g had been called was the dis- >
- n of whether it were better to
the county road or to expend the
road fund in putting through San Bruno
avenue, a matter of no interest what
to Mr. Buckley and his kind. He (
invited Mr. Thornton to speak to the [
question. Mr. Thornton sp.-ke.
He began his speech with a bright i
GEORGE T. GADEN
PASSES AWAY II
PRIME OF LIFE
Prominent in Reform
Movements.
Ge^.rsp T. Gaden, a well-known cltt
■ 3 o Francisco, died in this city
rday. Mr. Gaden first came into
r.ence through the active interest
-played in municipal reform and
problems. By reason of his knowl
edge of urban affairs he was selected
by the late Mayor Sutro as a confiden
tial secretary and adviser in matters
connected with the. operations of the
I of Supervisors with which Mr.
Sutro was associated. He devoted his
time largely to the watching of street
•actors and to exposing the th^n
prevailing methods of defrauding the
city.
As secretary of the Civic Federation
Mr. Gaden did a great deal of hard
work on the lines pursued by that or
ganization, with which were identified
GtOßGfc T. GADEN.
R^v. Dr. Dille. J. Wesley Reed. I. J.
Truman and others. The Incident in
his career in this city that brought, him
most prominently before the public was
the suit of Dr. Marc Levingston against
Mr. Gaden. Dr. Dille. I. J. Truman and
others for criminal libel.
This action grew out of a set of res
olutions for whi^h the gentlemen
named were responsible, in which they
denounced Dr. Levin erst<m to Governor
Budd and bitterly opposed his appoint
• as Health Officer in this city. The
itlon was a failure.
Mr. Gaden took a deep interest in the
movement for the adoption of a new
charter and delivered several able ar
guments in Its behalf. Law and order
was a theme to which he devoted him
self for many years, fighting stoutly
for good, honest government, in city
affairs particularly.
Deceased was a man of great phy
sique and fine appearance, and pos
POSTAGE ON SUNDAY CALL
SUNDAY CALL wrapped ready
for mailing — postage 2c to all
points in United States, Canada
and Mexico, and 4c to all for-
eign points.
spring morning In 1852, when he first
floated in and settled down on the pres
ent site of Colma, and after dragging it
over every road in the county butted
into the next century on that bLack
day when Colma would wake up to the
fact that she had no sewer system
and no water of her own. and no alms
house "and all," said Mr. Thornton,
"because she never incorporated and
all the other districts in the county had
spent her money on their own roads."
'"Hold on there," interrupted Jim Cai
lanan, who owns and pays taxes on a
lucrative hog ranch, "how much do
these poolroom people pay you to come
in here and talk incorporation?"
Mr. Thornton ignored the unkind in
sinuation of Mr. Callanan, but immedi
ately reverted to the Sao Bruno avenue
project. He was expressing himself
upon th* hopelessness of that plan and
was just about to shoot off another al
lusion to incorporation when he was held
up by Henry Bruhns. who also runs a
hog ranch, who wanted the versatile
agent of Mr. Buckley to explain why he
had been strongly in favor of the San
Bruno route before the incorporation
question had been brought up and was
now so strongly opposed to it.
Chairman Henry Ward Brown re
lieved the embarrassment that resulted
by getting up to deny that he had
ever had affiliation or tickets with any
poolroom. He pointed "with pride
to the fact that at the last Legislature
he had framed a bill against that in
iquity, which had got as far as second
reading when the session was adjourn
ed. He said a whole bunch of real un
kind things about the newspapers and
accused The Call of having alluded to
the citizens of Colma as touts and stew
bums. Henry Bruhns again Interrupt
ed at this point to say that he had
understood the papers to say that Mar
tin Kelly and his crowd were all those
things. Then Mr. Brown got embar
rassed himself and pulled out of his
pocket a bunch of letters and references
on the cost of running a small-sized
town under its own government. Mr.
Thornton saw the point, but steered
clear of it and said he was glad the
road matter had been settled, and as
nobody offered a rousing demonstra
tion for Incorporations and poolrooms
adj r urr.mer.t waa taken upon Thorn
ton's suggest
sessed a host of friends. His business
was that of a broker and commission
merchant. At the time of his death
he was £ rg old. He was a native
of St. Johns, Newfoundland, and leaves
a widow. Th^ funeral will be held to
morrow at the chapel in the Odd Fel
lows' Cem^t^ry.
New Charter Test Case.
The argument in th» charter test case
"f Ml F. Frag'.ey against Mayor Phelan
has been set by the Supreme Court for
Thursday. September 28, at 10 a. m. After
the adoption of the new charter by the
people the Mayor began preparations fo*
an election of city officials under the new
law. Such an election necessarily affects
the tenure of office of the present office
holders, and Superintendent of Streets
Fragley began an Injunction action to
restrain the Mayor from calling the pro
posed election, and this action is to test
the validity of the new charter. Owing
to the importance of the subjects in
-1 it is believed that interesting ar
guments will be made and that the mat
ter will be decided by the court before
very long-.
LYNCH CAUGHT IN
RANK FALSIFICATION
MAYOR PHELAN GIVES HIM THE
LIE DIRECT.
Market-Street Railway Will Be Com
pelled to Use Iron Poles
on Its New Line.
Mayor Phelan yesterday announced his !
disapproval of the resolution recently j
adopted by the Supervisors which gave !
! the Market Street Railway Company per- j
i mission to take iron poles from Kentucky ■
street to be used on the new corkscrew
line. Concerning the false representations
made by Henry Lynch, superintendent of :
1 the company, the Mayor deals at some !
length. His message is as follows:
September S. 1599.
To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisors
of the City and County of San Francisco —
Gentlemen: I herewith return to you without I
my approval resolution No. 3373 (fourth aeries),
granting permission to the Market Street Rail- !
way Company to remove Iron poles on Ken- j
tucky street, on the Mission road and on Vir- !
ginia avenue, and to replace them by tem
porary wooden poles, to be replaced by iron
poles within two years. My objection Is ad
follows:
Iron poles are required on the above named
streets by the franchise granted. The com
pany undertook to remove them without per
mission. When apprehended they then asked
permission of the Board of Supervisors, which
was granted on the ex parte statement of the
superintendent of construction of the company
that they desired to use the Iron poles in com
pleting their railways,- under lranchises grant
ed in the downtown districts, and that they ;
could not procure new Iron poles for eighteen
months.
I find, however, on inquiry, that poles can :
; be secured In this city in three or four months' ■
! time. I had a commercial house, in the regu
i lar course of business, send the following
telegram East: '"Quote price and earliest de- .
livery for 180 electrical railway poles, thirty
feet long, made of five. 8 and 7 inch hydraulic '
pipe five-sixteenths thick, railroad freight." \
The answer came that such poles may be pro- ;
i cured for $33 each f. o. b. cars at San Fran
i cisco for shipment by rail within a mouth.
I. therefore, conclude that the superintend- :
ent's statement was erroneous and calculated
to mislead members of the board, which would
not have granted the permission were this in- \
formation before them.
I desire in every way to facilitate the build- j
ing of the new road, but unless there is some
; great public interest involved I do not be- !
: !iev c that one section of the city should be :
! made to contribute to the benefit of another.
If the company had ordered the poles when :
■ they secured the franchise they would be en ;
th-> ground to-day. 'The price of iron has ad
vanced and I am disposed to believe. in view
of the facts, that this attempt to remove poles
from one part of the city to another, in vio- ;
lation of the franchise, was merely a measure
of small economy. Respectfully submitted.
JAMES D. PHK LA X . Mayor. .
League of the Cross High Jinks
A very enjoyable high jinks and smoker
was given last night by the members of
Company A of The League of the Cross
Cadets at their armory. Sl4 Van Ncsa
avenue, to Corporal Al R. Dunnigan of
Company A. First California Volunteers,
and Edward M. O'Brien of Battery A of
the California Heavy Artillery, old mem
bers of the company, recently returned
, from Manila. The company armory was
beautifully decorated with greens and
bunting and a select programme of
speeches, toasts and songs wa? rendered.
The affair was under the supervision of
a committee consisting of First Sergeant
Ben L. McKinley. Quartermaster Ser
geant O Brien, Sergeant McCarthy. Cor
poral Leonard. Corporal Nichols and Pri
l vates Laviolette and Powers.
REPUBLICANS
WILL CAUCUS
ON CANDIDATES
Convention to Meet
October 3.
A CONFERENCE OF LEADERS
MONEY FOR THE CAMPAIGN
WILL BE PRODUCED.
According to announcement, the execu
tive committee of the City Republican
League met in Henry T. Scott's office I
yesterday morning at 9 o'clock. The ses
sion lasted for an hour and a half. Many
topics were discussed, but the one which
engaged the closest attention of the com
miueemen had reference to finance. When
it was clearly demonstrated that money
was needed to carry out the reform pur- :
poses of the organization several men
expressed a readiness to raise the sum
required then and there, but others less
enthusiastic and more prudent suggested
that the burden should be distributed over ■
an area embracing a larger population.
The liberality displayed was accepted as
a sure indication that the money neces
sary to conduct the campaign can be '
readily obtained when it is needed.
The Call ascertains that Henry T.
Scott talked fluently at the conference. ■
His talk was breezy, edifying and enter
taining. In a large hall he might be sub
ject to a little timidity in addressing his .
fellow-citizens, but in his own office,
where he is familiar with his own voice
and his echoes, he speaks without per
6eptib!e embarra-sment or impediment i:i
his speech. Mr. Scott wili be congrat
ulated by his fellow Republicans for the
progress he is making in the domain of
local politics. Mayor Phelan began his
public career by practicing on the Bo
hemian Cub; hence it is not out of place
tor Mr. Scott to practice on the executive
committee. The Mayor is now so profi
cient that he can make a speech at any
time or in any place, and gracefully open
anything from a church fair to a jack pot.
The executive committeemen resolved
that on the evening of September 2a. a:
Bnai B'rith Hall, there should be a cau
cus of the 200 delegates to the Republican
local convention who were elected under
the auspices of the league.
Candidates for Mayor will be consid
ered at the caucus. Names already men
tioned will be submitted to the judgment
of the conference. The caucus will also
consider candidates for Supervisor. Each '
district delegation represented in the cau
eua will be expected to submit five or six
good men who would be willing to serve
on the Board of Supervisors. The discus
sion at yesterday's meeting of the execu- i
tive committee caused the impression that i
the caucus would reserve the right to •
name the eighteen' candidates for the j
board. District delegations will be asked
to recommend good men, but if the men i
so recommended do not reach the stand
ard of fitness prescribed by the caucus.
ethers coming up to the standard of qual
ification may be placed on the ticket.
The point is advanced that the judgment
of 200 delegates, comprising the league's
controlling strength in the convention. ;
would be a safer guide than the judgment
of a district delegation. Candidates axe
desired whose good qualities are known
throughout the city. The caucus wili Bet
tie many questions that mifht arise in the
convention and provoke prolonged discus- \
sion. More than one session of the cau
cus may be required to adjust affairs to
the satisfaction of the majority.
Leaders of the league still insist that a
candidate for Mayor, whose strength and
availability will be widely recognized, but .
name has not yet been published
in tfce list of probable nominees, will be
presented to the caucus.
The Republican local convention will be
called to order by Chairman Sheldon G.
Kellogg on Tuesday evening, October 3.
The ticket from top to bottom will be .
complete before Saturday. October 7, as
It must be filed not later than the latter
date.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!60 Days Ago
I Was Fat,
NOW I AM 27 POUNDS
LIGHTER
By Using Dr. Edison's Obesity
Pills and Obesity Salt— Twenty
years' test.
-- Best and safest — never injures
the health.
Gives strength and health while
reducing flesh.
JAMES Z. COMBS,
Sanitary Inspector U.S. Army.
TRY THEM YOURSELF
READ THESE TESTIMONIALS:
We offer $10,000 in gold to any one
who can prove that these testimonials
are not genuine:
Mr. James Rhind. 421 W. 3Sth St., N.
Y. City, lost 21 pounds on a month's
treatment.
Mr. C. B. Brady, 906 E. 6th St., Aus-
tin, Tex., reduced 72 pounds in 3
months on Reducing Tablets and Obe-
sity Band. Abdomen reduced 6 inches.
Mrs. Emma LeFevre, 108 W. SSth St.,
N. Y. City, reduced 20 pounds and 2^
inches in waist measure on first
month's treatment.
Sam'l Robinson, Policeman of the
: Central Detail, stationed Washington
and State Sts., Chicago. Reduced 25
pounds in twenty-six days.
Mrs. G. E. Gregory, Dresden, Kas.,
reduced from 182 to 165 pounds on two
I bottles of Reducing Tablets and is con-
i vinced that the cure is permanent.
M. Theadon, 4SI Grand Aye., Chicago,
took two months' treatment and was
reduced 40 pounds and cured of rheu-
■ matism and kidney troubles.
Mrs. J. H. White, Park City. Utah.
My testimonial is that I have taken
your combined treatment and have
lost 26 pounds in one month. Never felt
; better in my life and think it is a great
remedy.
F. O. Woodman. 441 39th St., Chicago
(prominent Odd Fellow). Supt. Freed-
man Mfg. Co., Stock Yards, Chicago,
reduced 51 pounds in weight and 13
inches at waist line in five weeks by
Dr. Edison's treatment.
Mrs. Ellen D. Campbell. 516 E. South
St., Warren. 0.. was reduced from 175
Ito 125 pounds by using one month's
treatment of Pills and Reducing Tab-
lets. Can walk long distances and
feels better In many other ways.
Price of Dr. Edison's Obesity Salt.
$1.00 a package; Pills, $1.50. or 3 for
•■ $4.00. At all first-class druggists and
by mail.
SEND FOR BOOK ON OEESITY.
Lop & Co., Ltd.. Dept. 89.
; No. 42 W. 22d St.. near 6th aye.. New York.
i Weekly Call, $1 per Year
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OUR .3 f|pL6M6rs.
BELOW. \S^^^ Jp~#\
ft No. 365—
No. 3390- 11 \- "IS $10.00.
No. 514— 515.00.
No. 3390 — rj o;f cape 0 . gy^a quality. j No. 365 — Ladies' Jacket. double-breMt-
double face plaid golfing; body showing • ed fine Kersey cloth, eeama in front and
blue, red and green colorings; reveres i back, overlaid with straps of same ma-
and hood both with fringe and showing ; terlal; deep storm collar; fix carved
handsome plaid colorings; also made [ pearl buttons; come in tan«, browns,
with flounce. black and navy blue.
PRICE 97. 50. PRICE $10.00.
No. 514— Magnificent double-breasted [ SPECIAL PLAID SKIRTS.
suit of high-grade Venetian cloth; ~> *-
seams tailor stitched; Jacket silk lined; Just received another lot of handsome
a!so made In single-breasted style, with WOOLEN PLAID SKIRTS, well m»de
fly front; corae in tans, browns, black, and nicely lined.
U, price s/3.00. I Extra Value $4.50.
TAILOR-MADE SUITS o£?£*.
16-18-20 GRANT AYE., bet. Market and Geary Sts.
Buswell Paint Co,
Manufacturers
Seat Free L^-~~~~~S 0
Money Back if !®BS2^3SS^J V h!" 1
you don't like it g PER GAL
710 7 16 fes^lASl Market £
Broadway gy**^**^- San
Oakland **»S3=- — -^^-- Franciscc
If your painter or dealer can not furnish th
BUSWELL PAINTS
rr* r --- — ' ~ r -^-
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NORTH GERMAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D, IS3S. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to th* In-
surance Commission of the State of California,
pursuant to the provisions of sections 610 and
611 of the Political Cod*, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash
■ ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages $72,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 331,313 .a
Amount of Loans secured by pledge of
Bonds, Stocks and other marketable
securities as collateral
Cash in Company's Office 816 9.
Cash in Banks 77.683 25
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans , • 15.556 13
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 5.915 IS
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 124,212 70
Certificate of deposit in hands of
United States Trustees 25.000 00
Cash in hands of United States Trus-
tees 2,500 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid....
Total Assets .$715,513 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,753 30
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 27,005 06
Losses resisted, including expenses — 2,500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
one year or less, $302,347 97: re-Insur-
ance* 30 per cent 151,173 99
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one year. $-25.552 41; re-in-
surance pro rata 143,393 81
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
re-insurance 10.0 per cent
Gro?s premiums on Marine Time
Risks, i ; re-insurance 50
per cent
Total Liabilities - -US 16
INCOME.
Net Ca«Ti actually received for Fire
premiums '• $472,075 33
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 3.650 00
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources 17,354 64
Received for Rents
Total Income .$433,139 99
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $35,903 24, losses of previous
years) $305,633 93
Net amount paid for Marine Losses,
(Including $ . losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 156. IS
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 35,632 72
Paid for state. National and local
taxes - 9.941 50
All other payments and expenditures.. 27.632 11
Total Expenditures..... .$33U14 47
Losses incurred during the year. fire. .. 529*5,222 »9
Risks and Premiums. 'Fire Risks. | Premiums.
N*et amount of Risks! I
-written during the! !
year $32,709,606 f $691,707 ft
.Net amount of Risks <
expired during the
year I 46.543.953 710.633 51
Net amount In force
December 31, UM | 49.715J12 538,230 38
• __ „ ( ;
ADOLPH LOEB.
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 13th
day of February. 1539.
MARK A. FOOTS. -- = . -
Notary Public. |
WALTER SPEYER,
GENERAL AGENT FCR THE PACIFIC COAST, !
225 SANSOME STREET,
PAN FRANCISCO. CAL. 1
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD, IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December.
A. D. DM, a-. ! for the year ending on that
day; made to the Insurance Commissioner of
the State of California, punuant to the re-
quirements of section 613 of the Political Code
of said State.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
in Cash
ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate owned by
the Company $10,977.642 71
; Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Real Estate 23,900.185 S3
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks or other market-
able securities as collateral 1. 300 00
Premium notes and loans is any
form taken in payment of premi-
ums on policies now in force 904,622 13
Cash market value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by the Company.... 20,405,063 42
Amount of Cash on hand in Com-
pany's cfflce
Amount of Cash deposited in Banks 1,685,745 26
Interest due and accrued 968,702 63
Rents due and accrued 12,672 27
Net amount of premiums in process
of collection and of deferred pre-
miums 122.549 40
Total assets - $54. 132. 387 27
LIABILITIES.
Claims for death losses and matured
endowments, due and unpaid $ 17,570 50
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 149.319 00
Claims resisted by the Company 40,392 00
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Experi-
ence Tables of Mortality, with 4
per cent Interest 53.361,814 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy holders 752.437 17
Surrender values claimable on poli-
cies canceled 241,360 00
Premiums paid in advance 34,854 53
Additional special reserve for Term
Policies and Annuities 18,098 00
Total liabilities .$56.665,343 20
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on new
policies during the year $ 333,300 44
Cash received for renewal of premi-
ums during the year 4,427,550 04
Cash received for sale of annuities.. 1,370 00
Cash received for interest 2,760,260 07
Cash received for rents 309,987 59
Cash received from all other sources
Total income $7,535,47S 14
EXPENDITURES.
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments $4,283.340 44
Cash' paid to annuitants 25 00
Paid for surrendered policies 636,040 55
Paid for dividends to policy hold-
ers 1.272.693 73
Cash paid for dividends to stock-
hoMers
Commissions paid to agents 560.504 71
Salaries and other compensation of
officers and employes. except
agents and medical examiners 151.639 93
Salaries and traveling, expenses of
managers of agencies 13.999 S3
Medical examiners' fees and sal-
aries 21.475 43
Cash paid for taxes 206.335 63
Cash paid for rents 7.037 <M
Cash paid for taxes on Real Estate 177.M1 62
All other cash payments 279.160 00
Total expenditures during the
year $7.439.960 99
PREMIUM-NOTE ACCOUNT.
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at
beginning of the year... $983,315 71
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re-
ceived during the year... 668 09
Total $383.933 71
■;,.■„■-;<,> =
Deductions during the year, as follows:
Amount of notes, and other
premium obligations used
In payment of losses and
claims $22,277 S7
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
in purchase of surren-
dered policies 9,320 43
Amount of notes and other
premium obligations used
In payment of/ dividends
to policy holders 35,311 m
Amount of note? and other
premium obligations void-
ed by lapse of policies.. 1.124 00
Amount of n^tes and other
premium obligations re-
deemed by maker in _
cash : • u - ;r 8 "
Total reduction of Premium-
Note Account $79.36153
Balance, note assets at end of the j-_-
-year 19
JACOB L. GREENE. President.
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
17th day of February. 1599.
NATHAN F. PECK. Notary Public
F\ R. INOYES,
GENERAL AGENT,
A. K. F». HARMON,
/.- "., - v ■ * ■
District Scperin tended .'.gaaei«s,
39*31-32 Mills Building, Montgomery St.,
SAN FRANCISCO. )CAX%
78
TAXING BONDS
OF THE URGE
CORPORATIONS
Important Case in the
Supreme Court.
MEANS MUCH TO THE STATE
COMPREHENSIVE ARGUMENT BY
ATTORNEY GENERAL.
«. —
He Contends That the Securities of
Quasi-Public Bodies Are Prop
erty Under the State
Laws.
A question of importance Is now before
the Supreme Court in the test case of the
Germania Trust Company against the
city of San Francisco. The problem is
..iiroads. gas, wat< r,
light, power and other quasi-public
ona held in this State and secured
the propertj real and personal of
bucli corporate tuate in the State are
taxation. Sonic time
ago the Board of Examiners applied to
Attorney General Tlrey W Ford for hi?
opinion on the Bubject and he held that
this class of securities is subject to tax-
The Assessor of this city, acting upon
insti tn the 1 I Examln-
In aci ordance wit it ' his advn • .
.. among other Be e\ eral
North Pacil I Etail
. ; anj held bj mania
Company. The money was paid
M-.il action was begun by
ust company for the •.■••urn of the
in the lower court judgment went
• city, and an appeal was taken.
Ltl ■ rai 1 ord and l (eputy W.
>i Abbott, representing th< interests of
just finished their brief,
\\:!1 be filed to-morrow. They con
hat ih.ir position is supported by
In this and other
The trust company
•nla decision
:!:• n iv c nstitutio
ed, which was tl Lion of
credit ■ ■ on. This was in
the I nk < v.se..
A Ruramarj of the brief brings out the
Inent points:
The constitution of California pro
vides that where land Is mortgaged
■ of the mortgage must t>.- do
ducted from tho value of the land,
and th< r. maining value of the land
ed 1 ■ ::■! own* r and I
ie of the mortgagt assessed to the
• the mortgage. The constitu
further provides, however, that
property of railroad and other
orporationa shall bo as
■d t'. the owners of such prop< I
at its full value, and though it may be
• alue "f such mort
gages are not I I :rom the
value '.f tho property mortgaged. In
at bar the Germania Trust Com
pany own-- certain bonus secured by
morl • N • '>ast
Railroad Company. These bonds have
their owners, but
r value, or the value of the mort
securing them, has not been de
dui ■ lue "f the property
by which thej ired.
ire cited from nearly every
te in the Union holding that a cred
it. ■ ■--.. ured anil
in the shape of a bond, a
■ ilssory note or a simple account,
erty, and should be taxed. In
■ Jifornla cases re
ferred to wen the new ron
ition was adopted, and '•property* 1
for purposes of taxation was expressly
declared to in>-lude "credits, bonds,
11 In the brief the question is per
tinently sskod: "What becomes of the
rule of uniformity and equality which
tnits money in hand to be taxed,
but exempt? it when invested and
brincing in money?"
Again, referring to the deduction nf
made in favor of the
land owner, the Attorney General
says:
"The fact that the framors of the
constitution saw fit to lessen the tax
■ f tho land owners of Califor
nia in no manner signifies a like In
tention ■•> so favor those great cor
porations, upon which tne State has
conferred a measure nf sovereign pow
er; nor can those who !..an money to
puoh corporations shield themselves
behind a constitutional provision In
led solely for the benefit of the
debtor class."
A POPULAR EXCURSION.
A VISIT TO THE RUSSIAN RIVER
AND UKIAH VALLEYS WITH
IN REACH OF ALL.
Every Passenger Guaranteed a Com
fortable Seat and Abundant
Time to Visit Favorite
Resorts.
The most delightful time of the year
to visit the country surrounding San
Francisco is during the month of Sep
er. For few years in the past has
tho country been more delightful than
the present month. The California
Northwestern Railway, recognizing
this, Is offering for the benefit <>f the
public an excursion t<» Ukiah on Sun
day. Si ptember _■}. special trains -will
carry the passengers through Marin,
Santa Rosa, Russian River and Ukiah
valleys.
The comparatively cool Bummer
which we have had has delayed the
ripening <>f the grapes, so that thou
- df acres of vines laden with
grapes ran be seen from the car win
dows. The Russian River, always pic
tun sque, will be skirted for nearly iiv<?
:
Every ticket sold will guarantee a
peat. The beat cars the company has.
Including the new ones lately pur
chased, will be us«i on this occasion
The time of departure from Tiburon
ferry. San Francisco, will be 8:30 a. m
Sunday, September 24. The special
train will run through from Tiburon
■without Btops, and also on the return
leave Ukiah at f> p. m. This will give
the passengers nearly five hours In
Vkiah to visit Vichy Springs, ranch
eries, asylum, fish hatchery of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway, and nu
merous other points of Interest. The
fare for the round trip will be only
$2: children ?1.
We CarefuHy Treat ij
and Fill Without Pain 5
-| P m!ess Extraction by Electricity, Gas or Chloroform. [\
, \. Pure Gold Fillings from $1.00 up. V^
\\ Piates That Fit from $4 00 up #
\ 1 To Soldiers 25 Per Cent Discount. M
{ DR. T. S. HI6GJRS' DENTAL PARLORS, L
Over Cafe Z nkand. 927 Market St. 1 1
PRINTERS' UNION
LOSES A POUT
IN VITAL CASE
Involves Legal Life of
Labor Bodies.
LOST IN THE SUPERIOR COURT
MOTION FOR A NEW TRIAL HAS
BEEN DENIED.
Supreme Court Will Be Called Upon
to Pnss Judgment on Precedents
Recently Established by
English Courts.
In the suit of Hess vs. the San Fran
cisco Typographical Union In Judge Daln-
Kerfield's court defendant's motion for a
new trial was denied. The union has ap-
I fmra the former judgment of the
t, and later on will appeal from the
order denying defendant's motion for a
new trial.
The action was brought by Hess against
the union to recover $25,000 damages, and
in his complaint alleges that he was em
ployed on the Bulletin as a linotype ma
chinist in September. 1597, and that de
iis entered into a conspiracy to
compel the Bulletin by means of throats,
strikes and Intimidations to discharge him
nn the grounds th;it he was not a member
of the union. The result was that he was
discharged, but was again employed after
two months, but only for one day,
as the union succeeded in having the Bul
letin discharge him again. Ho was,
through the action of the union, unable
■lire work ai his trade tn San Fran
or any of the larger cities of the
try, hence the suit. Judgment v.is
red in favor of plaintiff for $1200 and
-
In its appeal tho defendant relies upon
a recent decision of the House of Lords,
England, entitled Allen vs. Flood, re
: in L. K. App. i !as. I 1 1898), decided
in 1897. This case was followed in the
case of Davis vs. Th< I ted Stationary
decided by ihe Appella te Di
vision of tho Supreme Court Ol tho State
of New York early in 1898, and reported
In 28 App. Div. iN. V.) :;'."'.. and it was
wed later in the same year by the
Supreme Court of the Dominion of Can
ada In tho case of Perrault vs. Gautier.
These cases decide that members of
trades unions as well as other individuals
hnve a right to say that they will not
work with persons who do not belong to
their organization; and whether they say
this themselves or through their organ
ized societies makes no difference. They
have the right by pursuing that method
lire employment for their own mem
bers.
When plaintiffs ease was in defendant
moved for a non-suit, which Judge Dain
ld denied. In denying the motion the
Court said that if the foreign cases above
S were to be followed the motion
for non-suit ought to be granted, but he
STEAMERS MAULE AND HOMER ARRIVE IN PORT.
San Salvadorean Bteamer Maule leaving Harrison-street wharf and the steamer Hnm<-r reloading her Alaskan
cargo, which she had to discharge because two cases of oiled clothing got into the lower hold by accident. The Maule
will remain here about a fortnight and will then return to Central America with a load of Hour.
thought that the trend of the American
cases was the other way.
The outcome of the appeal is awaited
with Interest, as the Supreme Couri de
cision will determine whether the trades
unions will have the legal right to exist.
Women of Woodcraft.
There was a pleasant reunion on Friday
' in the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building of members of California Circle
of the Women of Woodcraft, No. 178.
Tii- re wer< present a number of the mem
bers of the local camps of the Woodmen
of The World. A short programme was
pres( nted, Including vocal selections by
will i>"'l^c; Instrumental music by Pro"
--• fessor Miller, the one-man orchestra; cake
walk by the little Misses Eleanor and
Irene Geiman; recitation, I. Gray, and
serio-comic songs, Miss Pansy Patterson.
Dancing and a collation followed the pro
gramme. The membership of the council
is increasing rapidly.
"Cars stop here," this is the ri^n
The Market-st. Railway wish to define.
Pegamoid Aluminum does it for them;
Opposite "Call BldK." 'tis a ffem. ,
Want Typewriting Machines.
A petition has been presented to the Su
pervisors by students of the Polytechnic
High School asking that $2."< V) i>» appro
priated to furnish typewriters for the
school. The petition states that they ex
ped to lose thirty-live machines, which
will be taken a va y on non-payment of
their price. leaving only seventeen to ac
commodate nearly 400 pupils. The petition
\ with an urgent appeal to the board
not to allow the typewriting department
of the school, "one of the main branches
I of a business education," to be crippled.
Till: SAT* FKAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
HOSPITAL SHIP
RELIEF IS NOW
TO BE SURVEYED
Government Orders
an Examination.
HOMER'S SAILING DELAYED
TWO CASES OF OILED CLOTHING
CAUSE TROUBLE.
Coal in the America Maru's Bunkers
on Fire Again — A Lively In
dian Runs Amuck — Hos
pital Cases.
A board of survey has been ordered for
the hospital ship Relief. Several times
she has been announced as ready to sail
for Manila, but for various reasons she
never managed to get away on time. Yes
terday morning it was positively an
nounced that she would leave at 9:30
o'clock with about 100 hospital nurses and
a few doctors. At noon she was still
alongside the wharf and her captain said
at 1 p. m. he was going into the stream
to adjust the compasses. The Relief did
not go into the stream and at 3 p. m.
the board of survey was ordered by Gen
eral Sr-after.
The report to the authorities in Wash
ington set forth that the hospital ship had
a very small coal capacity and that to
roach Manila she would have to go via
Honolulu and Guam; also that owing to
her high docks she would be dangerous
In a typhoon. On this report the Govern
ment acted.
The transport Belgian King got away
with &00 men of the Thirty-fourth Regi
ment last night. Among the passengers
was Captain George E. Baldwin, former
ly a sergeant of police. He was appoint
ed a captain in the regulars and went to
Alaska with Major Ray's command. He
returned to San Francisco a few days
ago .md said on the wharf yesterday that
he had been appointed a captain in the
commissary department of the army In
Manila.
The transport Aztec did not get all her
load of horses aboard until late last night.
She will go to Manila via Honolulu. Tne
Centennial, which is also to transport
horses, will go to Honolulu and. leaving
her cargo there, will return to San Fran
cisco for another cargo of livestock. The
transports Grant, Sheridan and Sherman
will all go to Manila via Nagasaki.
Two small packages of oiled clothing
delayed the Balling of the steamer Ho
mer' for St. Michael twenty-four hours
and necessitated the discharge of nearly
all the cargo for Yukon River points and
Cape Nome. The Homer was to have
sailed Friday afte rnoon at 2 o'clock for
St. Michael. Anvil City, rape Nome and
Golovin Bay. An Imur before sailing time
the agent Was going over the bills of
lading and found one for '.wo cases of
i | oiled clothing. This kind of merchandib«
j is never carried in the hold, as it is ii.i
--l ble t<> catch Hre from spontaneous com
• bustujn when confined In a place where
: there is no ventilation. A search for the
, : dangerous cases was at once begun, but
no trace "f tht-m could be found. The or
der to unload tin- ship wan then Riven
;.:ni nearly every ton <>i cargo was taken
• out before the rases were found in the
■ 'tween deckß aft.
When the oiled clothing was found
■ i everybody except the agents of the ves
sel was happy. By working nearly all of
Friday night and all of yesterday the
i steamer was loaded again anrt stcaraeil
i away about 5 p. m. on her journey.
The delay is particularly exasperating
. i at this time of the year, as a day may
■ mean the loss e>f a connection at St.
! Michael. The Homer will not get there
until the first week in October, and at
that time last year the Yukon River was
• frozen. Cape Nome, however, is well out
to Bea, and should the Homer be unable
j to reach St. Michael she will land all her
sunplies at Anvil City.
'ilie Alaska Commercial Company's
steamer Bertha also sailed for st.
Michael yesterday. She is loaded down
with supplies and will stop at I'nalaska
on the way up. At. St. Michael she will
! connect with the company's smaller
steamers for Cape Nome and Golovin
j Bay.
■ : The little San Salvadorean steamer
: | Maulc was docked al Mission street wharf
. yesterday. She will take on coal and Bup
, i plies and will then return to Jlguilisco
Hay, San Salvador. She will act as a
tender for the Pacific Mail, (Cosmos, Pa
, cific Steam Navigation and Companla Bud
I Americana de vapores strainers, carry
: ing coffee from the shore to the st camera
anchored In the bay. The Maule is ;,
steamer of less than 100 tons burden and
was formerly employed on the Chilean
'. coast. She was supposed to have come
h<>re for an overhauling. Her captain
. says she will be In port for nearly a fort
! night, as there is no immediate need for
i the vessel In Salvadorean waters until the
new coffee crop is gathered.
The doctors at the Harbor Hospital were
kepi pretty busy yesterday. As soon as
one patient was discharged" there was an
; other ready for the operating table. H.
! Serrie, cook of the British ship Dynomene
had a badly lacerated face sewed up by
Dr. Robinson. He had some trouble with
; the bo' Bun, and the latter struck him.
! Serrie then reported the matter to the
j British Consul, and when the bosun heard
i of it he gave the rook an unmerciful beat
- intr and nearly put his eye out. Serrie
will make another report " to the Consul
I and will then remain away from the I iv
i nomene.
Charles Helling had the four fingers of
his left hand amputated by Drs. Robin
| sen. Morrison and Dorr. He works in Ff.
Schindler's wagon shop, and yesterday
was handling a lathe. The piece of lum
ber he was working on fell down, and as
Helling attempted to put it back in place
his hand was drawn into the. machine.
Fred Buckley and Denis Sheehan got
Into a dispute over the qualifications of
| Captain O'Nell of the Chicago police
force, with the result that Buckley was
taken to the Harbor Hospital, while Den
is was locked up in the Harbor Policy Sta
tion on a charge of assault to commit
murder. Both men are marine: firemen
and were on "a spree." They began ar
guing, and then a fight was proposed. An
! adjournment to a neighborlnK coal yard
■ followed, and Buckley was knocked down
j with a black diamond and almost beaten
ij§ You're bilious, you have a throbbing sensation in your head, a bad taste in your mouth, your eyes burn, your ijy
iJ3 You're bilious, you have a throbbing sensation in your head, a bad taste in your mouth, your eyes burn, your JV
!o skin is yellow with dark rings under your, eyes, your lips are parched and you feel ugly and mean, as if you K 1
!§ wanted to kick a lame infant or kill a canary bird. Your system is full of bile not properly passed off, and what !o:
Srs you need is a cleaning up inside. . Don't continue being a bilious nuisance to yourself and those who love you, sH!
& " but send out at once for a box of Cascarets and feel bright and cheerful all the time. £>
X Be sure you get CASCARETS! Don't let them sell you a fake substitute! g
A: j4s?%£r x^^jEliP^kv X&&?%W ' ? -, "Shave nscd yonr S valnablo OAR- . R K<
* "L jf&mr /^lbili^Jsl^lf^flK t^i 0 ''*' * CARETS and find them perfect. Couldn't j ewt O
A >PJ'-ti3r jd^iSHSftSS&Stt^Sl ¥E*&xis 'S so do without them. I have used them for some the* X)
O j^fcSar /w^^F" liJ *w§a H^^a » tlm « for indigestion and biliousness and am . O
£*■ Jm&MFt $*%&' W JB&B31 now completely oured. Recommend them, to in O
s^x M3?f£££f > ?fi^? l*jffi%a every one. Once tri^d, you will never bo way. ( y
A ANNUAL SALES, 5,000,000 BOXES. r&
1 . THE TABLET DRUGGISTS I
t>j CASCARETS are absolutely harmless, a purely vegetable compound. No mercurial or other mineral pill-poison In Cascarets. Cascarets promptly, effectively and permanently &
yO cure every disorder of the Stomach, Liver and Intestines. They not only cure constipation, but correct any and every form of irregularity of the bowels, including diarrhoea and dysentery. yy
JeM Pleasant, palatable, potent. Taste good, do good. Never sicken, weaken or gripe. Be sure you get the genuine ! Beware of imitations and substitutes ! Buy a box of CASCARETS X?
jQj to-day, and if not pleased in every respect, get your money back I Write us for booklet and free sample ! Address STERLING BBMEDY COMPANY, CHICAGO or NEW YORK. Q|
into insensibility. His lacerated scalp was
! sewed up by L>r. Robinson, after which
! he was put tn bed.
William Butler, who claims to be an
Oregon Indian, ran amuck on Mission a.n.i
i Steuart streets yesterday. He had been
indulging in firewater, and rushed into
I Mrs. Jacobs' candy kitchen en Mission
. street, nrar East He seized a couple of
; knives and chased tho occupants of the
place into the back room, where they bar
ricaded themselves. Then he ran along
Mission into Steuart, and along Steuart to
Market street, driving everybody before
! him. Finally Officer Shaw appeared on
i the scene and placed Butler under arrest.
At the Harbor Police Station he was
charged with "disturbing the peace."
The Toyo Kisen Kaisba steamer Ameri
ca Maru is playing in hard luck. She was
delayed in Yokohama until September 10
through a (ire breaking out in her coal
bunkers, and her arrival here was not ex
pected in consequence until the 26th inst.
It will be the first week in October before
she arrives here, however, as the Mer
! chants' Exchange received word yester
day that she had put back to Yokohama,
the coal in her bunkers having caught fire
again. Probably a considerable portion
of the coal had" to be thrown overboard,
and it was to secure a fresh supply that
the steamer went back.
■ » .
GREEN FRUIT SHIPMENTS.
I The Present Year Shows a Remark
able Increase.
Th<^ present year shows a remarkable.
| increase in the shipment of green decidu
j ous fruit from California over former
years. The Southern Pacific has prepared
figures up to September 13 and 6337 car
loads have been shipped up to that date,
against. 3554 for the corresponding period
in l^W. Th» cars average about thirteen
tuns each, which makes the total nearly
70,000 tons shipped to Eastern points.
It is expected that at least 1600 more
cars will be added to these figures by the
! end of the season, November 1, and the
record for the year will reach 7^oo car
| loads in all. Late pears and grapes will
form the great-T part of the coming ship
ments. Splendid prices are now being ob
tained in the Fast, and fruit-growers are
everywhere reported as entirely satisfied
with the market conditions.
« ♦ ■
To Prison for Manslaughter.
John A. Matthews of Santa Clara
County will have to serve five years in
the State prison for manslaughter for
| killing Heinrlch Hopkins in IS9B. The
I homicide was on account of a coat and
j buggy whip which had been stolen from
the accused, who charged Hopkln with
the theft. The case was appealed, but
the Supreme Court found no error in he
court below- and the judgment was af
firmed.
■ ♦ ■
October styles Standard Patterns, the only
high grade, low priced seam-allowing patterns.
I Domestic Ofllce. 1021 Market St., near Sixth. •
I. <>■ ■
Young Ladies' Institute to Entertain.
The Young J,adlrs' Institute will give
a musical and literary entertainment at
Metropolitan Hall, Fifth street, on Thurs
day evening, September 2*. The best tal
ent in the city h;is been secured.
CONSUMPTION CURED.
I An old physician, retired from practice, had
placed in his hands by an East India mission
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
I for the speedy and permanent cure of Con
| sumption, Bronchitis, Catarrh, Asthma and all
! Throat and Lung Affections; also a positive
and radical cure for Nervous Debility and all
Nervous Complaints. Having tested its won
derful curative powers In thousands of . eases,
! and desiring to relieve human suffering,' l will
send free of charge to all who wish It, this
1 recipe, In German, French or English, with full
j directions for preparing and using. Sent by
I mall by addressing, with stamp, naming this
; paper, W. A. Noyes, £20 Powers' Block, Roch
ester, N. T.
AD VEBTISEaiEK TS.
PLAYER FOLK
THROUGH THE
CRITICS EYE
A CENTURY Is a fine dramatic dis
tance and Marie Antoinette, with
her thrilling historical background,
a figure In a thousand; wayward,
haughty, impulsive, frivolous, misguided
creature whose detractors outnumber her
admirers. To present her honestly a fine
balance must bo struck and Clinton
Stuart cannot have found it an easy task.
When sorrows came "not single spies,"
she said herself that her destiny was to
make mischief. ]_et us hope not for the
playwright and star. Modjeska is ever
regal, and although Marie Antoinette was
but thirty-eight when she died art over
comes much. During the engagement
"Mary Stuart," "Macbeth," "Much Ado
About Nothing" and "La Bataille ctes
Dames." preceded by a one-act play,
"Gringoire," will be presented.
• * *
Dainty Mollie Fuller and Frederick Hal
len of Hallen and Hart are two sounding
names on this week's Orpheutn pro
gramme. They present a sketch. "His
Wiles Hero." by George Cohan and said
to be excellent. Then there are Terry and
Lambert, song specialists; Stinson and
Merton, comedy sketch artists, and
Bright Brothers, sensational athletes. Re
tained are the Bachelor Club, the boys'
band, Charley Case and the Crawford
Bisters. The latter have >.t:i ; :i- d a certain
confidence and steadily Improved during
the week. The children go south, more's
the pity. Little Arnold, at dose range,
does not look ten. "Hut Indeed 1 am."
he said, "and when I K«'t my make-up off
I look it. too:" Now there is a fine com
bination of the boy spirit and the budding
professional. Success to them both.
* * *
"The playbook tells me to weep— weep
copiously— but 1 don't wish to offend more
than is necessary and so 1 compromise
by glooming through 'The Wages of
Sin,'" saiil Eugene Ormonde. "No, melo
drama is not to my taste." "Nor mine,"
seconded Helen Henry- "It's the limit.
Hut wait until in xt week. Now there's
a goml comedy. Coo Much Johnson is
What the professional calls a tricky play,
with short speeches and indefinite cues,
demanding lvavvy rehearsal, but the re
sults art 1 well worth being obtained on
no light conditions.
* • •
Preparedness is one of the definite
charms of Salassa.. Sucn a quality is
cheaply bought, whatever the expense.
He has had years of training— always in
his beloved Italy. It may be of Interest
to the musical student who recognizes his
worth as a singer <|to know that he con
siders Paris, the present Mecca of many
a student, the last place to go for vocal
training. He and the orchestra divide the
biggest honors of the Tivoli season and
so his opinion should carry weight. This
Is the first time I have mentioned the
orchestra. It is the old story of "a joy
in silence" — none the less deep for ail
that. "Lohengrin" and "Othello" hold the
boards another week.
* • •
Offenbach's "The Drum Major's Daugh
ter" succeeds "Fatlnitza" at the Grand
Opera-house and new scenery, popular in
terpolations and several surprises are the
promises.
CHARLOTTE THOMPSON.
■ ♦ ■
COUNTY GOVERNMENT ACT.
Supreme Court Passes Upon the Right
to Sell Bonds.
Julius J. Mark, a resident and taxpayer
of Kern County, brought an action to
enjoin the Board of Supervisors from
carrying out a certain contract entered
into by the board and Trowbridge & Co.
relative to the sale of refunding bonds of
that county. The lower court decreed
a perpetual injunction, from which an
appeal was taken by Trowbridge. The
right and power of the Supervisors to
dispose of the bonds at all was the prin
cipal question before the court. By the
appellants it was contended that this
power is found in the county government
act of ISf'T, and by the respondents that
this power is denied to the Supervisors
and vested in the Treasurer under the
provisions of the county government act
of 1593. The Supreme Court, after re
viewing the two acts, said: "• • • A
m<rr- reading of the two will at once dis
close that the legislature by the latter
formulated a plan for the issuance of
bonds, full and complete in Itself and
therefore a plan which superseded its
earlier declaration on the matter. It Is
not so much a repeal by implication as it
is that the legislature having made a
new and complete expression of its will
upon the subject this last expression must
prevail and whatever is excluded there
from must he ignored. * * • The judg
ment appealed from is reversed and
• * * it is directed that the trial court
enter judgment for defendants and Inter
venor" 'Trow bridge & rv> >
ORPHANS HELP ENTERTAIN.
Music and Song at Annual Reception
of the Maria Kip Orphanage.
The annual reception of the Maria Kip
Orphanage was hekl yesterday after
noon at the elegant orphanage home on
I^ake street.
The South Dakota band played inspir
ing aits and the little ones contributed a
delightful programme of school songs
Miss Carrie Gwin, Mrs. G. H. Bucking
ham, Mrs. Sidney Worth and Miss Mamie
Heath acted as a reception committee
and extended to the large number present
the hospitality of the home.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
GARFIELD'S MEMORY TO
BE FITTINGLY HONORED
SERVICES TO-DAY AT GOLDEN
GATE PARK.
Civic and Military Organizations Will
Join in Paying a Tribute to the
Name of the Martyred
President.
The joint committee representing the
Garfield League and George H. Thomas
Post, G. A. X., have received acceptances
from twenty-nine civic and military or
ganizations to participate in the Garfield
memorial services this afternoon at
Golden Gate Park. The parade will form
at the Oak and Stanyan streets entrance
to the Park and march from there to the
Garfield monument, where the exercises
will be held. A. de la Torre Jr. will be
the grand marshal. The organizations
will : <mi in the following order:
Band. First Regiment California, U. S. V.,
G. \V. Hollister, leader: A. de la Torre Jr.,
prand marshal; A. .1. VJning, chief of staff;
troops, U. S. A.; seamen, U. S. S. lowa, En
sisn H. X. Jenpon commanding; George H.
Thomas Post No. 2. G. A. R. ; Veteran Guard,
c A. R.. Captain Joseph Knowlton command
ing; Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R. ; James A.
Garfield Corps No. 21, W. R. C. ; battalion of
!If 1 1 IS DR. MEYERS CO.
f 11 CAN CURE AND STRENGTHEN YOU,
j ! I i i Isj 1 V 18 YEARS' SUCCESSFUL EXPERIENCE.
i If you are suffering with a contracted ailment or a j — .
I weakness which is sapping the very life from all parts
i of your body and want a permanent cure at a reason- THFQI7
( able price, call on or write DR. MEYERS & CO., 731 "LOL
) Market street.
> Natural ability, long years of practice in the cure of CELEBRATED
i all ailments of men, never failing remedies, appliances .
> and methods, ample capital and earnest endeavor have ....... .... '
> . kept these skilled physicians in the front rank of sped- OrLUIALIO 1 O
> alists since 1881. — — — —^ — j
> DR. MEYERS & CO. conduct the largest and best PITRF «
• j equipped medical institution and have the most exten- UUnL ■
' ' sive practice in the world. They avoid the use of all "~ m ~ mmmmm
• mineral, poisonous or dangerous drugs and electric [_ os f yj aor
• belts. All their remedies are carefully compounded from „ a n
' I the extracts of buds, bark, berries, gums, roots, leaves, rremature Uecay
M plants, etc., in their own private laboratory, WITH- Unnatural Losses
out cost to their patients. Wasting Drains
> - . Nervous Debility
> is.ir\ Stricture
> /^^^^S^®p^-\ ES* Rupture
!( \ ( %^m> I \|S&|£ / TILL* Private Diseases
> E^^^^^^S^Pfci^^la CURED I Cancer
k — >■ i S/eep/essness
» i . — Rheumatism
i BETTER THAN A WRITTEN GUARANTEE. ~' iclZ'/L^ !
! • As a guarantee dr. meyers & co. will let the j Bladder Diseases
i patient deposit the price of a cure in any bank in San Spine Diseases
J Francisco, to be paid after he is entirely well. If it is / • />/«,„«,-
-> not convenient to do this, payments may be made in ' u '? ease *
) monthly installments. It requires confidence backed by Heart Diseases
I ability to make such an offer. No other doctors will Blood Diseases
» undertake a cure on these conditions.. _ n-
; DANGER SIGNALS. £"»-""
1 1 If you have any of the following symptoms yon need | Ear Diseases
I ! hCI DESPONDENCY, LOSS OF FLESH. PALPITA- Jf" 9 . . eaSOS
M TION OF THE HEART, PAIN IN THE BACK. NER- neCtal Uiseases
• i VOUSNESS. SLEEPLESSNESS, LOSS OF VITALITY,
1 I ANNOYING DREAMS, AVERSION TO SOCIETY. ■
1 I LACK OF AMBITION. DROWSINESS AFTER
l! MEALS, DIZZINESS, BAD BREATH, SUNKEN /| I i
1 | EYES, PALENESS, ETC. . /■* im-i JLmJ
1 | Nature does not give these warnings without a pur- ■"" — ■— — —
*| pose. Hearken, and seek the proper medical assistance, RFMFDIF^
1 ' and you may be rescued, but delay usually means dis- IimiLUILO
1 ' aster, a wrecked constitution, chagrin, mortification, AND
' social, mental and financial failure, dethroned reason
I or an untimely death. APPLIANCES
•I HOME CURES— FREE BOOK. free. \
| Although it is preferable to see the patients in many f|Q CHARGE
, instances, it Is not always necessary. .If you cannot — ■— ■ •
' call write for private book, diagnosis sheets, free ad- FOn
I vice, prices and other particulars. Correspondence so- nnilOlli T Avinat
, j licited. All letters confidential. No printing on envel- bUNoULIATIuN !
! opes or packages to indicate name of sender. Cures '^ m^ m *^ mm ~™— —
J sent by either mail or express free from observation. , ' ____„ I
—
CllnI 1 II ™?? °f C0 -'
T&& H 'iL HCB l&Ssr Elevator entrance. Hours. S t.» i. vUtty;
7 to 8 evenings; 9 to 11 Sunday. ' ' '
League of the Cross Cadets, Major D. J. Mc-
Gloin commanding; Lieutenant W. A. Kelly,
battalion adjutant; Company C, Captain B. L.
Bannon; Company P, Captain I. D. Dwyer:
Company H, Captain James K. Power; Com
pany X, Captain James H. Rellly; GarfieM
League and participants.
The order of exercises will b« as fol
lows:
"Solitude." a caprice. First California U. S.
V. Band, George W. Holllster bandmaster;
opening remark?, E. M. Galvln, president Oar
field League; prayer; address, Hon. I. J. Tru
man, president of the day; "Lead, Kindly
Light" (Dudley Buck), Knickerbocker Mala
Quhrtet (Herbert Williams, first tenor; C. M.
Elliott, second tenor; D. B. <"rane, first bass;
L. A. Larsen, second baas); eulogy, Hon. Julius
Kahn; song, "Star Spangled Banner," Mrs.
Bertha Adams; original poem, "Our Guiding
Stars," C. W. Kyle; address, Hon. George C.
Perkins; remarks, Hon. J. D. Phelan; "Reet,
Peacefully Rest," Knickerbocker Male Quar
tet; choral, band; "Tars'"; benediction.
Hats in original packages at "Keith's,"
SOS Market street. Phelan building. •
Seven Pines Circle.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic, will glvo
its quarterly social next Friday in Ban
quet Hall of the Native Sons' building.
There will be an interesting programme
and dancing. An invitation has been ex
| tended to all Sons of Veterans of the Civil
| War who entered the volunteer service
! for the Spanish-American war to attend.
• The circle Is making: arrangements for
[ its annual camplire, to be held in October.REGULARS WILL
BE HONORED IN
FITTING STYLE
Preparing for More of
the Home-Comers.
TRIBUTE TO GOVERNOR LiND
XXNSTESOTA EXECUTIVE, SHOW
ovbb THE puzsidio.
ilor« Trcops Arrive En Scuta to the :
PMiippims— Xe-ar Changes
and Orders in Army
Circles.
aaic recepjjoa to tne volunteer regulars
who went from California to fight la the
Philippines and who will arrive home is
about ten days on the City of Para, Is
assurrirg ue:inite form and oniv a lack
funds will prevent it being as notable
an xxarflsn as was the reception given
to the First Regiment.
h :-se CaiifomiaEs b»i7ns to the Four
teenth, Twenty-third and Eighteenth In
rantry, .h:rd Artillery and Third and
Fourth Cavalry and hava been on the
Srfng line ever since the beginning of hos
".:.i::es. They have earned a reputation
for bravery that ddesertsv t s ncre than ths
mere recognition of general order?, and it
la this recognition that will be given them
ty the people cf California when the Para
Major General Shafter, accompanied by
Captain Frank Greene, signal oKcer, and
Lieutenant E. T. "Wilson, Third Artillery.
2..1, entertained Governor Lind and sta2
of Minnesota and Governor Lee and staff
of South Dakota at the Presidio y;«ter
day morning. The party drove around the
reservation. A shot was Sr^d from one
of the I'j-inch r.Ses at Fort Point and
another from one cf the li-incn riiies in
tneir colo: ar.i compress-;.;: iUr was nred
trom one of tr.e dynamite b&ttenes.
1-wo battalions of the Thirty-fourth In
fantry Kegiment, consisting of ~>u men,
twrere landed at c'otsom street pier early
; esteroay morning. Vc« men will t« un
cer ccmmaad of lieutenant Colonel
Howie. Ice nrst fcattiijon »s commanded
by .>liijor Shun* and the third battalion
isjinder the- command of ila-or Joe.
' ■■"■--• *?.'<■ ol the famous fighting Gen
eral Joe \V nce.er, who is now m th« Pali
.. r.es,
Ueutenant Colonel A. C. Ducat. Forty
...-.:.- Infantry; and Major Robert H. No
j.-.assfcstant adjutant general. U. S. V..
ere relieved from duty as General Shaf
:er > a»ds yesterday. Colonel Ducat will
• ;1 : ; i«» Je-erson Barracss, Missouri
;:"_-.t?L t0 cr * a::i:: e the Forty-ninth. In
. ' rh^ Thirteenth Minnesota Regiment has
. ...g ._ The:, have aiso been invited to at
t=nd_the panorama of the Battle of ila
—ijl .■=*>' any time they please.
_r r -" a: f -ang. Seventeenth Infantry,
.' no oiec fro days a?o. was b"-:*' 4 at r he
s^??ftisSS!?^i a 5 the ? r^^^ Tester-.
•r--::.---:-/ 5^ 1 c —-? Party and U S h\
isattery c the caasscn.
•:-• r=^ A. Hawkins, Ccmpanr B. First
-ozoraao. cie^l of tumor on the liver «t
-~.e general hospital Friday night.
Another case of diphtheria has Sevel
oped at the Presidio, that cf L^"*s "ir"
Zmmond. Thirteenth kbSesota
, A T^? -=i'owir.ff orders were Isaoe4 yes-
Captain Ewlng EL Booth, 7h!r"r-«'ith
Infantry. : Unitei States Vc!unt'Y-*« 'win
proceed to the Presidio cf San Francisco
Ca... report to the commanding,©fa
cer c-. tnat post for tersporary duty wi*^
Sr^rii 5 c-^^-c? traiuport&tton to th*
x^ii.ii 1 .- lrf !n* Is.in^3.
The cftnminrtlgg offlcer. General Hos
p.ta:. Presidio of San Francisco. Cal win
e«nfl Private Zdwa.ru L. Harp-r. Com
pany <_. rirst Idaho Volunteer Ir^ar-rv
now s:;k at that hospital, to Hot Springs;
Ar.-i.. to him to enter th» krmy
and Navy Gen«raJ Hospital at that pol^t
reporting upon h:si arrival there to the
commanding ofneer.
Charles H~. Stuart, who ----- hl« po
«ucn with the Home Mutual Fire and
Insurance Company and went to
Manila as a private in the California
Heavy Artillery but returned as a cor
poral, has I>?en tendered a rood p^-sitioV
and accepted with the RoyarExchanee of
London and will go to work as soon as
he i~ must-red c~t. He is very popular
soldiers Entertained.
■ - ■
tn w«
GRAPE-yTJTS.
o— fr-O— fr-O-e —•— • • •
I !
• Weaned the Baby •
i i
• — ox — •
i
9 O
• Grape=©
? Nuts. •
• The FamoHS Food Suits °
• All Kinds of Stomachs.
i
NEVER UP A NIGHT. j
\ ~
A man in Grand Rapids, Michigan, !
F. J. Hill, a druggist, discovered that j
cne of the most perfect and safe ways \
to wean a babe was to begin feeding j
Grape-Nuts, the famous breakfast food. I
His letter states: 'It there is a baby j
fo<»d that Is better than Grape-Nuts it |
isust be a dandy. We began feeding i
our little Carola Grape-Nuts before j
weaning, ai.l for a few months after >
it was her only food, and a fatter, more j
healtcy child could not be found. We j
were never up a night, nor did she ,
hsre a day's sickness. We didn't realize !
when she gave up the-narse. Conse- j
Quentiy we feel grateful for the pro- \
d^ct called Grape-Nuts and wish you j
This coming from a druggist who has ,
I -cess to all the well-known baby food 3 I
somewhat remarkable, but when one ;
ia.!!zes that Grape-Nuts .Te composed !
: the most nourishing parts of the j
;reals, treated by heat, time and j
.olsture. without -.:.■- drug** whatso-
rer. and thereby with - Btiflo pro-
vsses, actually pre-dlgested. la the
ime manner that the human body
lar.ges the starch of the cereals into
delicate grape sugar, it Is easy to j
nderstand why the food can be j
andied by even a very young baby.
It is not only the most powerful j
utritive food for athletes and strong |
:en, but, as seen, it Is applicable to i
:e raoct delicate stomachs. Thi3 fact ;
is been proven over and over again j
r use [to Invalids and weak babies. >
dd to these nutritious features the j
.ct that Grape-Nuts is of -a most de- [
~ious flavor, the grape sugar to be
ien glistening on the little granules. }
id a reason Is discovered for the uni- j
>rsal and enormous sale li the new ,
cd product.
Grape-Nuts are made by the Pc^turn
boreal Co., Ltd.. at Battle Creek, and
sold by all first-class grocers. |
CALIFORNIA'S SOLDIERS RECEIVE
THE COMMENDATION OF THE STATE
MEDAL PRESENTATION TO THE FIRST REGIMENT.
TTVZLVE HUNDRED California
breast 3 now bear tokens of a
Spate's gratitude and twelve hun
dred soM'ers have tangible evt
lence that their work has received the
commendation of the commonwealth.
In the presence ci admiring thou
sand? the members of the First Cali
fornia Volunteers were deccrated yes
terday 'with the me-iais prepared by
the Native Sons of the Golden West,
tnd notwithstanding the long delay in
the presentation there was not a whit
Less of patriotism ana enthusiasm
displayed than would have been shown
had the presentatian taken place on
:he day cf the arrival of the big trans
port, bearing home California's return
,ng sons.
Escorted by the members of the sev
:ral volunteer regiments now in camp
he First California marched to the re
reiving stand on the Presidio parade
rrounds and stood in a solid phalanx
luring the exercises which marked the
sccasion. Lewis F. Byiifeton, grand
pa sa pa «5a p« p^ ?-» ?-* 2^ *-*» «.» .«-«
for Tariou3 caa=es were not able to come t
with the regiment) Dr. R!chard*on wasJ
of the party. He had been exposed to}
varioloid before the regiment sailed for j
horn- 0 and rerr-ained behind rather than I
run the risk ot taring the Sherman quar- j
antined upon her- arrival here. Thomas ;
A. Fariess was the representative' of the
entertainers. He dined the men at a fash
ionable restaurant and then accompanied
them f? the Orpheum.
NATIONAL GUARD NOTES
Peculiar Promotions cf One Who Was
Dun i Lieutenant Colonel of
the Second.
General WarfleM. commanding the Sec
ond Brigade, X. G. C. will return from
Philadelphia to-day.
Promotions to national guardsmen some
times come In. peculiar shape. E. A.
Forbes for a time was the lieutenant
cc'.onel of the Second Regiment of In
fantry -- G. C- His next "promotion"
«.a« hi 3 comrn;sslon a? a major of tne
Elehth California Volunteers, ana a few
days since he received another "promo
tion " when he was commissioned captain
of the Forty-third Volunteers _
Lieutenant L. A. Deyoe of Company B,
Fi'th Tri far.£ry has been named as bat
talion adjutant'of the Fifth Infantry, and
Fir«t Lieutenant A A Borlini. battalion
adjutant, has been named a* inspector
of riSe practice of the same regiment.
Major W. L. Julliard wili preside at an
election to be held to ft!', the vacancy tn
Company E. Fifth Regiment, caused by
the resignation of Second Lieutenant vv.
Major" John F. Connolly, -■-•-. Bal
■j< r o-p r First Lieutenant F. Bfcwr and
Second Lieutenant ODonnell of the First
California Volunteers, who were members
of the First Infantry Regiment before
*>nterior the -volunteer service, wili to
morrow night be tendered a banquet at
Jack's by a few personal friends, who
in that way desire to show their apprecia
tion of the officers' service. The friends
are: Major Charles Jansen. inspector for
the Second Brigade; E. W. Harpham,
Charles I* Patton, E. Peabodr. A. o.
Bel! L. Hertz and Frank Baker.
Major W. Elliott of the Fifth Infantry
ar.d fate major of th« Eighth California
Volunteers, has accepted a commission as
major in the Forty-third United States
Volunteers. _
FILIPINOS WANT IN.
Fourteen Announce Their Attention
d Becoming Citizens Without
Being Forced.
Fourteen industrious Filipinos appeared
in a body yesterday in the County
Clerk's office and renounced allegiance to
the "©-called Filipino republic and all the
agitators, generals or self -appointed of
ficials on the far-away islands and an
noun^d their intention of becoming cit
izens of the United States. All of those
who announced the Intention yesterday of
becoming citizens are at present at the
M^hanics' Fair. They are: Augustfn
Quiambo, Tuarn Garcia, Orsofre de Jesus.
Engenlo Cunanan, Roman Reyes. Carlos
E-taiisiao, Pastor Rivera. Eustaenio
Paguia. Andres Garcia. Pablo Ma Feister.
Innocencto Villaneva. Maximlns Garcia,
Meteo Orauesta and Maximus Norono.
■ m ■ ■<
General Reeve's Denfense
E. B. Smith, editor of the Minneapolis
Journal, called upon United States At
torney Coombs yesterday and made a :
written statement as to the manner in
which General C. McC. Reeve boarded
the transport Sheridan on her arrival
here. He went with General Reeve and
a party in a gasoline launch to meet the
Sheridan. They saw n* customs Inspec- I
tors nor quarantine officers and received
no warning against going on board the
transport. When they neared the vessel
General Reeve was recognized by the mil
itary officers on the -transport and they |
shouted for him to come on board. They ,
were so exuberant that the general con
sented and was not aware that he was ;
violating any regulation human, military, i
quarantine or divine.
Mr. Coombs will Interview Dr. Kin
youn and the customs inspectors on board
acd will close the Incident some time j
early in the week.
■• » ;
Adr«Bcc« tr.ait en farzitcr* and fit^-c*. with :
or ■Itlllßl reasoral. J.N'ooaaa. in:-lC£i 1113*::=. j
THE .BAIT FKA>~CISCO CALL, SI'XDAT, SEPTEMBER IT. 1599.
crater cf the Native Eons, greeted the
soldiers !n a masterful address re
plete, with beautiful sentiments and
glowing period 3 which elicited rounds
of applause.
Grand President Frank ilattison
then stepped up to Colonel Duboce and
Major Rice and pinned on their breast 3
the medals prepared .... This
was followed by a ---—.-. decora
tion of the other officers and privates
of the rtriment while the bands of the
escorting regiments rendered patriotic
airs. Committees of ladies from tha
order of Native Daughters of the
GoMen West performed this service
and added to the token their smiles
and words of commendation.
Each member of the regiment had
b*en provided with a receipt which
he had prcperly filled out and as his
medal was pinned to his coat the re
ceipt given to the member of the
committee performing the service.
Th;se receipts will t«e kept in the
archives of the Native Sons and will
CALIFORNAA SOLDIERS'
NIGHT AT THE FAIR
OX MO2TDAY OUR BOYS IN BLUE
WILL BE GUESTS.
Ne-w University Plars to Be Taken
This Week to the Pavilion.
Success of the Exhibition.
To-morrow night -will be an especial oc
casion at the Mechanics' Fair In the Pa
vilion. Tickets have been issu-ed to all
the California Volunteers and both the
First California Infantry and the First
Battalion of Heavy Artillery, under the
respective command of Colonel Duboce
and Major Rice, will be on hand. A spe
cial musical programme is in preparation
and the Mechanic** Institute is sparing:
no pains to make California Volunteers'
eight at the fair a memorable- cccasioc
_-.-.•. Colonel George H. Wailis.
superintendent of the American Steel and
Wire Company, who is also one of the
directors ol the Mechanics' Institute, suc
ceeded in securing for the fair the on»y
machinery for towing Jog raft? on this
coa*t. which is of special interest to the
seafaring men who rtAve heard so much
about these log rafts. It shows how a
huge pUe of many rnlilfon feet of timber
can be towed for a lons voyage by »ea
The machine is a cylindrical arrangement
of springs by which oil is spread over the
water af the* front of the raft.
The excursion from sacramento and the
Salinas and Santa. Clara valleys yesterday
increased the attendance^&t the fair very
noticeably, a great many people at the
State Fair taking advantage of the op
portunity of coming to San Francisco to
visit cur fair.
The Maccabees, the order which has a
special night on Wednesday, has made
arrangements for a parade of the entire
four tents of the order cf this city and
neighboring towns. The institution is a
very wealthr one, and the regalia cf the
diiTerent tents is valued at thousands of
dollars. This r«s"alla la by far the most
magnificent of any of the fraternal or
gunixatiofcs of California, and from a
spectacular point of view tne parade
promises to be of great magnificence. The
order will ha\e one of its eloquent speak
ers deliver an address and some of the
members will furnish music. This order
Is the only fraternal organization repre
sented -by an exhibit at this exposition.
The attendance last night was the
largest of any night of the fair, and was
composed of interested visitors, to whom
the Philippine village, the spinning wheel
and the Indfan camp seemed to be the
chief attraction. At • o'clock the village
of tee Filipinos wa3 absolutely packed,
whiia the circus irl the gallery was play-
Ing to packed bouses, among whom were
many soldiers in uniform.
The University of California plans for
the new buildings wilt be taken to the
Mechanics' Pavilion this week, where
they are to be placed in position in the
gallery, the entire south side of the gal
lery, extending from Polk street to Car
kin, being given up for that purpose.
Thxo-w A-sray Your Oil Lamps
And get the marvelous incandescent coal
ell lamp. "."■■ candle power; equals sun-
Ifgrht; costs 1 cent per night. 17 Chronicle
building. •
WELCOME SOLDIER CLUBMATES.
Returned California Volunteers En
tertained by the Yosemite Club.
The Yosernlte Club gave a reception and
entertainment last n!?ht In honor of the
-•• . — of four of its members who went
to the Philippines as members of the
First California Volunteers in Us rooms,
105 Ninth street. The soldier guests were
James and Edward Green of the hospital
corps, Eugene Dougherty. Company a.
and John Graham. Company D. The
boys were given a hearty welcome to San
Francisco and In return for I the -.-.:•
--tainment arranged. in their honor regaled
their former ornate^ with tales of tee
camp and the battlefield. The reception
was an all-ni^ht Xalr, a reunion and
general glorification, in which all hands
Joined in having a gocd time. The offi
cer* of the club are: 8. Kragen, pre«l-
be a record of the event and will mil -i
is complete registration of the reji- H
=•'.: showing- the time served and H
give the number of each medal. H
In addition to the members of the \
First Regiment the members of the *
Heavy Artillery were also decorated, h
Medals have been prepared for the -\
other regiments and will be presented 4
when the members return. Those who
have enlisted in the respijar army will
also be remembered and will receive ,
medals when their term of enlistment 3
expires. >
General Shafter and staff. Colonel 1
Freeman, commandant of the post; 3
General Dickinson and staff, the cola- i
nels of the various regiments now sta- ,
tioned at the Presidio and Mayor Phe- 3
lan were en the receiving stand with ,
the grand officers of the Native Son?.
At the close cf the ceremony the
assembled multitude joined In most 3
enthusiastic che»rin? and then fol- 3
lowed general handshaking and con- 3
gratulatior.s. after which the regiment 1
was marched back to its quarters.
r_ ■ " ■ . >*
dent; R. Iverson. vice president; I O
Kasser. secretary: A. Vafentine treas
urer. The folio-wins, tosether with th«
DfScer* named, cors3titute the board oi
directors: J. Kraren. E. E. Kra^en. S
kass^r and J. Ki?«r.
SOLDIERS ON THE RAMPAGE.
One Stabbed by a Comrade and An
other Knocked Down and
Sobbed.
The soldiers of the Twenty-seventh Reg
iment made things lively in -.-.» "tender
lo'tj" Friday night, and a -•■■'• a2ray
and a robbery were amor- the Incidents
reported to the police.
Janes Dwyer of Company G got into
an altercation with Charles 'Walker of the
same company in front of a: White's sa
loon on Ihipont street, between Bess and
Pine streets, and WaUcer stabbed him in
the back. Dwyer did not feel the serious
effect cf the wound till about - o'clock
yesterday morning', and he was taken to
the Receiving Hospital.
He dM not want Walker arrested, is ths
regiment leaves for Manila in a few days
but he says he will get even wi:h him
when they reach the Philippine?.
Reinhold Urban of Company E was In
a shooting: gallery on Kearny street an*
was robbed, he allle^es, of *S- He met
three other soldiers and told them of his
experience. They took him into an alley
in the rear of tee St. George stables oh
Bush street, knocked him down and
robbed him of $3. He chased them, ana
one of them. Albert Sussex of the Thir
teenth Rfgiment ran into the arms of
Policemen Caples and Nelson- He was
charged wit robbery and mi brotig-ht
before Judge Graham yesterday morning.
After hearing the evidence the Judg* re
served his decision till to-morrow, when
the captain of the defendant's company
will be asked to appear in court.
■ m ■ —
Every ■ ■:- ■ --. sold guarantees ■ seat on
the TJklab excursion Sunday, September I
24. Fare. »- Leave Tiburcn ferry a;
3:30 a. m. •
■♦ « —
RECORDED HIS "JAGS."
Peculiar Case of Eiordan Against
Biordan in Judge Graham's
Court.
A peculiar case cane up before Judge
Graham yesterday morning. James Rior
dan. who lires on De Hr street, near
the crematory, had his brother Michael
arrested on the charge of being a com
mon drunkard. Th* case was called In
court Friday aid continued till yester
day, the Judge allowing M::ha«l to go on
his own recognizance.
Testerday when the case was called
James produced a. book In which he had
•■-.-•-- the dates and periods during
which Michael had be«n under th- in2u
ence of liquor and offered it in evidence.
When It came to MichaeFs turn to tes
tify he said that he had a >*» interest In
his "dead sister Hannah's estate and Fri
day after he was released hJs brother
James took him to Attorney O'KeeZe's
office and got him to sign a document re
linquishing ail claim to his sister's estate
for JIOO.
The Judge asked James If his reason
for having his brother arrested was to
force him to assign his interest Is their
sister's estate, but he denied it and said
it was solely for his brother's good that
be had the charge brought against him.
The Judge dismissed the case.
Sudden Death cf E. Potter.
E. Potter, a blacksmith, residing a: 1512 •
Sacramento street, died Instantly a: I M
p. m. yesterday while oomine into town
on a Valencia street car. He had been
under treatment for some time at the
S-oatnem Pacific Railroad Hospital in
this city for heart disease.
■ ♦ «
Mail for China and Japan.
The next mall for China. Japan ax the
Philippines will go by the transport Grant,
which will leave this port or. Monday.
The Rio de Janeiro has been taken off
tee mail route, having been chartered by
the Government.
■ ♦ ■
D*«r Maian:: ••p^yarnctd" sar» orr=»:
Toa'r* welcome. Cere aide building. No. CL
SAMMY HAD A
BAD RALE HOUR
OF IT IN COURT
Braunhart Flat'y De
nies Everything.
CONTRADICTS SENATOR BURKE ♦
NEATLY CAUGHT NAPPING BY
ATTORNEY XcGOWAN.
Judge Graham Was Compelled to Put ♦
a Stop to Senator Braunhart's ♦
Spasams cf Fourth of Tsij
Oratory. ♦
"Burer ■--•• Brannhart had I bad
half hour of ft In Judge Graham's court
yesterday morning when he rook the
stand to testify in hia own behalf in the
perjury proceedings growing out of his
testimony given In the recent libel suit
brought against •- ■ Examiner by ex-Sen
ator William J. Duns.
Sammy, of course, denied everything.
He fatly contradicted Senator Burkes
positive statement that It DO time did he
say that Senator Dunn's reputation for
truth, honesty and -_•-■-_- bad.
Braunhart was represented by Attorney
Garret McEnerney, and «m Frank Mc-
Gow&n's pleasure to cross-examine
Braunhart on txSalf of the people.
Attorney McEnerney at the outset of
fered in evidence sections of the journal
of the Senate referrti - to certain charges
made by Senator Bfggy, which were in
vestigated by a special Senate committee.
As me report of the committee practi
cally exonerated Senator Dunn. In that it
refused to decide in point of fact between
the statements made at that time by Sen
ators Bigs and Dunn, Attorney Jlc-
Gowar. offered no objection to the Intro
duction of the testimony. In fact, it had
little bearing on the merits of the case,
as it did not even bolstfr Braunhart'3
statement that Senator Burke told him
that Dunn's reputation was bad. Under
Attorney McGowan's sharp cross-exam
ination Sammy admitted that the
conversation which he says he had, wtth
Senator Burke, Senator Dunn's legislative
record only was discussed.
In his rambling testimony/ ranging from
legislative scandals to ward politics,
Braunhart that Senator Burke dis-
I cussed Dunn's position and the position
of other members of the Senate In con
nection with the HcCoppin act. .attorney
McGowan. who I* a clever student of leg
islative proceedings, caught Sammy nap
pins:, and made him admit that it the
time he had the conversation with Sen
ator Burke the MeCoppln act was not
under consideration tore the Senate.
- . ..--• -• ■■■ -.:. full to his version
of the conversation had with Senator
Burke. At times he burst forth into pyro
technic spasms of oral of the "Sacra
mento" order, .and Judge Graham was
compelled to request him to relic the
court and spectators of the agony of lis
tening to his lens - • - • be*.
The conversation* which Senator Braun
hart had with J. J. McGovern in reference
to Senator Dunn's reputation were then
taken up. McGovem had already testified
that every time Senator Dunn was dis
cussed Senator Braunhart always intro
duced the subject. On the stand yester
day Braunhart swore that it was McGov
ern. and not he, who brought up the sub
ject. Aside from this contradictory testi
mony the fact remains that Mr. McGov
era swore positively that at no time did
he ' ever tell Senator Braunhact that Sen
ator Dunn's reputation Cor truth, honesty
and Integrity was bad. ."■
Joe Piunkett, who admitted under cross
examination that Senator Braanhart once
secured him a position in the City Hall,
testified that he was present last Satur
day night on Ellis street when Mr. Mc-
Govern is alleged to ha-re denied all recol
lection of making the. affidavit In which
he ytatetl that he never made the state
ments attribute*! to him by Senator
Braunhart. • J. 1. Kennedy.- another poli
tician, also testified that he was present
at toe time.
ThV-ease- wiU.be argued next "Wednes
day morning at 11 o'clock before Judge
Graham. ___
Abused the H: : -■- -
.Three. arrests were made yesterday by
Secretary Holbroook of the Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The
accused are J. M. Krap. who does the
-eamirz- for a fruit cannery at North
B«-ach and William Tullery and John
Basel, teamsters in his employ. The com
plafnt is. in the -.■ place, that the men
were driving horses with sore shoulders
and lam* 1 in the less, and, second, that
they overload the wagons. On the s:eep
hills near Pacific street and Montgomery
aver- the horses are frequently pulled
to a standstill a.nd then beaten -cause
they are enable to move the heavy loads.
Hoibrook has compelled the teamsters to
double up their teams when reaching
the<e grade?. Three horses were taken
from work on account of b-eir.? In baa
condition.
■ o .
Weili Will Ne«d Money.
Aoditor Well? yesterday addressed a
cornmnnication to the Board of Supervi
sors stating that for the assessment rolls
of the present fiscal year he would re
euire ?■ . ■■• The Auditor also stated that
if the rax levy should te maintained at
its present basis he would require an a*
ditional fSKO to his appropriauOE.
T * i i £ \YT f Iff I
Light for Weak Men!
™ ECTRiCTY-The Foun. — I fafi Jjj f rat|les&
■*-■ tain of Youth, the per- —
1 i-i - vs\\ \H S? ->v MERCED, CaL
petual energy which sustains <^M^^ DR - T - a. barsir: * '°' CaL
all animal llfp It i«; the "^SBOiS-^ Dear Sir: I have worn your B«It for ;
ail aniliiai Hit** II is UK r^^3rs*- J^- nearly a month and can assure you that
- .1 • /VjsJsV-Nv m condition has improved wonder-
source from which Springs vflP - fuii m such a short time. I sleep
£ . . fßr^L "well, have a hearty appetite, and since
the bubbling spirit of joy in f T*9 I have worn your Belt mr weakr
. . . * . [[ jiztf bas stopped, as well as these frightful
yOUng manhOOd. U IS the h~/9i dreams. My back feels better, my
 , . i^ff\"^^V shortness of breath is far better, my
vital element which keeps jPP^^s bowels re^ ular and Ido not have that
. . ,- %lf \^U tired feeling after doing a day's work
up the nerve force in old T»>» % i 7 pitching hay. Yours very truly,
men to a good old age. Sx|J/ ■ _._**'??%
men to a good old age. rO <U ,
If you are weak from the •^fepSw^
:-' : : -:• . ' . y / f%3^<k Over 6000 such cures dur-
effects of youthful errors or f € |v^^
%^ia~* V ■ f \J 1 ing 1898. Write for Free
later excesses, you should at 111 & v
■once get one of my famous VA ! \ *°* explaining all, sent :
'once get one of my famous X Al / r °
Dr. Sanden Electric Belts. If JIM sea!ed ' or drop in and con
with special attachment for {TUT "" mS "" "* "^
men. It gives you Electri- Jr it
city in the proper form and %W" DRi LAi SANDEN,
right quantities. It is the CJS ,« TH|RD STREET)
result of my 30 years'' expe- nuurenco. en.
rierice as a specialist ■ L_ ._ mmm^ — OFFICE • HOURS— 9 to 6. «onday»-
nence as a specialist. c—^_^__
ADVEBTISEMZNTS :
CITYOFffc PARIS
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
MILLINERYar
Hats at Popular Prices:
*
/vorg.
— 7%ese choice Pans —
OUR Hats, chic, stylish and jj|£y
MEDIUM-PRICED HATS elegant, will be offered WILL BE EXHIBITED
HAVE ARRIVED! at an extremely low ON MONDAY!
' — ; price — the test values =====
ever offered in San
Francisco.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
S. E. Ccra#r Gjstt and Stock:**: 3t?er.*, 342 Tnztis:-),
UNION SQUARE.
MAIL AND EXPRESS ORDERS RECEIVE IMMEDIATE ATTENTION.
►♦♦■♦-•-♦"♦■■•■ ■*■■*■ *^ ■*■*■■*■■*■ ■*■ + ■*■'•-■•-+■■*-*-•■'*■+■*■++■■*■ + +■+■+ ♦■♦■♦♦-♦.♦ f f » »
I Will Give $1000
>ae*&^£s^>N. If I fail to cure =-7
.^^"^giggS^ CANC ER^orrM^l
I >«a^ jfay^ & Kmfc
}itiSfe£ §£i% No Pain!
-^ '^' W\ No Pay
yti, » '^y Until Cured.
4^r<£ii> t, /^^' sS r-ar;' ?ip^ri-
f^^^^^^ak ' / ence. :000 cancers
V -*f lo'f m cmces in
\ jf\ alcohol. Lady«ttend-
\-^ ~fdf I ant. Any bard
In a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large a.-*- = poisoas tee glards is arsipit,
when care i» almost Isjpo«*ibie.
BOOK SENT FREE . t
With symptoms addresses and :e<u=ionials of
thousand/ cured in California. Write them.
S, R. GHAHLEY, H. D. f 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to so=ie on; WITH CANCER.
BANQUET TO COMPANY A
WAS A HUGE SUCCESS
OLD EMMET AND WOLFE TONE
GTJABDS THE HOSTS.
The Evening Pleasantly Spent in Be
counting Experiences in a nil a.
Captain Robert deary
Presided.
The banquet tendered at a down-town
rotisserie las: nl?ht to Company A of the
First California Volunteers by Company
A, National Guard of California, for
merly known as the Emmet and Wolfe
Tone Guards, was a huge success. Over
173 jruest3 sat down at table with Captain
Robert Cleary, who commanded the Em
met Guard for twenty-two consecutive
years, as toastrsa3ter.
The banqu-t hall had been beautifully
decorated for the occasion with streamers
of red. white and blue, and the table pre
sented a pleasing' appearance with a pro
fusion of palms and evergreens. An or
chestra was in attendance and kept the
guests in good spirits with selections
mainly of a patriotic character.
Seated near Captain Cleary a* n«cti
of honor were Judge Magnire, Colonel
Duboce, Major John Connelly. Judge
Coc-ney, Captain George Baliinz-er of Com
pany A: Lieutenant Harry McGurren of
Company D and U«uteaant Charles Al
per*. all of whom responded to toasts.
Senator Perkins and J. P. Le Count sent
letters of regret at not being able to be
present.
At 19 o'clock precisely Captain Cleary
gave the order to "fall to," and an elab
orate menu was thoroughly enjoyed./«T>ar
ing the repast and after It was concluded
BAJA CALIFORNIA
; Damiana Bitters
; Is a Gr»at Re»icrau*e, iCT^crator m Xer-
The — •■ wcc^!»rftjl ari~<!!sric and Special
i Tcnls Cor tfie S^xo&l Organs of tcih sexes.
The Mexican Remedy foe Dls«as« of the HJ.
1 n«rs axd Bladder. S«ris rti lt» own M»r.:«
.VA3E3, ALFS A BRCNE. A?e=.ta.
tn Market street, S. F. — ~-- : for Circular.)
fffk Cfcle&e*SCT"t g»j«»» DUaaad Brad. :--»
f EHNYROYAL PILLS
ENHYROYAL PILLS
3 Original *a<J Only (reaoia-e. •
; v*.^ l^»- ! t'^. •»'«. «?»«ti r-iiiaii. L«sic> «S «C\
& iS V^M -■ '• -?1*« *r Ott^mtfr : 3* .- -i. JC»-JgV\
■F^U" jCdj" I *^ * «'" f '-» B«* ■aJ '-^ !■»■»— - v\v
V Ma^d wii KM ri^kM. T*ke \y
fR 9^ gt-iBO •tieft Sffts' iang^nt,: nitx*- v
I / ~ JtfTinmmdwiu-ifi.wm. A»Dn^iin,if wad 4a.
I t- Jf b K*!r?« r^r » iriPiiart. txr- ■»!«.: f «,<
V*« B "S-iii^t Tst Ladlss." *• >«ir», ty rr:arm
1 «J\ It m*il 1 <>,*♦• 7--^- jr^u Pzitr.
NEW WESTERS HOTEL,
KEABJiT A.YD WASHINGTON' siJ.-RE-
me<i«!ed and recotated. KING. "WARD is.
i CO. European plan. Rooms, Xc io $1 53 :i > .
!J3 to $3 week; J5 to £X co=.th. : --- tette; cot
: and ccM water every rccm: £re graxea Is everr
r rocrn; eleraior run* ail c.jh^
:here -were several vocal selections and
the telling of experiences in Manila by
several of the volunteers present served
to make the affair merry a3 well as in
teresting.
Anion? the guests w?re Lieutenant R.
Jaso. M. Bohannan. Thotnaa Kendrick,
Sergeant F. McCarthy. Max Grobers. I*
J. Fenton. James Redinston. J. E. Brown,
F. S. \Vyatt, Lieutenant Leslie Schoen
field. Quartermaster* Sergeant ilaurica
CuxmicrhaEn. Second Lieutenant C. L.
O'Donnell. Dave Cutting:. Charle3 Jones,
Joseph Smith. Lieutenant Joseph Brown,
Serseant William Kays. lieutenant.
Miles Belter. Sergeant J. Cleg£. Timothy
Treacy. Lieutenant M. Doian.
The Emmet Guard, now Company A,
First California Volunteers, -was orga
nixed in November. IV>2. 33 Company H,
5-?cond Regiment. California State militia.
Mu.'tered out of service October, HS6.
Mustered in, 3lay, IS6B, as Company E.
First Infantry Battalion. Mustered out
November. ISSO. and mustered in again
in May, liS3. as Company .-. Tiunl In
fantry. Second Brigade, N. Gr. C-, and
mustered into tie First Infantry. Seccnd
Brieade, until outbreak of Spanish war
as Company A, First California Volunteer
Infantry.
"Wolfe Tone Guard was organized In Sep
tember 1352. Company T>. Second Begi
ment. California State militia- Mastered
out lyi<s. Mustered in again in February,
1335. as Company C. First Infantry Bat
talion, and mustered cut in ISSO.
Chaplain Cressy to Speak.
Chaplain C. A Cressy or the Thirteenth
| Minnesota, who has ju3t returned from.
5 Manila, will deliver a patriotic sermon at
: Simpson Memorial Methodist Episcopal
I Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
{ streets, thi3 norning at 11 o'clock.
Chaplain Cressy knows what 1c means
'to be os ----:"-.- line with the boys,
having been through two wars. He has
[ many Interesting experiences to relare.
I The public is cordially invited to attend.
910
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
by Shampoos
with
and light dressings of CUTICURA, purest of
emollient skin cures. This treatment at once
stops falling hair, removes crusts, scales, and
dandruff, soothes irritated, itching surfaces,
stimulates the hair follicles, supplies the roots
with energy and nourishment, and makes the
hair grow upon a sweet, wholesome, healthy
scalp when all else fails.
Pure and Sweet
and free from every blemish is the skin, scalp, and ihair cleansed, purified, and
beautified by CUTICURA SOAP. It removes the cause of disfiguring eruptions,
loss of hair and baby blemishes, viz. : The clogged, irritated, inflamed, or sluggish
condition of the PORES. CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate emollient prop-
erties derived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure, with the pur-st of cleansing
Ingredients and most refreshing of flower odors. No other medicated soap ever
compounded is to bo compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the
skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic soap, however expen-
sive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
Thus it combines in ONE SOAP at ONE PRICE — namely, 25 CENTS — the
best skin und complexion soap and the best toilet and baby soap in the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning, Scaly Humors.
Hot baths with CUTICURA SOAPto cleanse the sktn; gentle anointings with CUTICURA
OINTMENT to heal the akin; and mild doses of CUTICURA RESOLVENT to ronl the
blood. Sold throughout ttie world. Price, THE SET, $1.25; 01 OAP, 250.; OINTMENT,
50r.; RESOLVENT (ball size), 50c. POTTEK DRUG &. v 'i JM. CORP., Sole Prop*,
Boston. Send for " All About the Hair and Scalp," mailed free.
CRAZY STABLEMAN.
Under the Delusion That He Had
Been Hypnotized by His
Former Employer.
Morrl? Grosse, a crazy stableman , was
arrested yesterday by Postal Inspector
Erwin on a chars*' of writing threatening
letters to Mrs. W. G. Irwin, wife of a
■ lulu merchant. Mrs. Ir
wln, whose San Francisco residence is on
Van Ness avenue, hired Grosse several
•0,»'.-ks ago us stableman, but be was >lis
charged soon after on account of his
actions. Since that time he has
writing letters and postal cards to
Mrs [rwin, alleging that she has hypno
tized and drugged him and threatening
her with force and law suits If she does
not withdraw her influence. He was
banded over to the insanity commission-
(OOKS
THREE
MSMUTES
jy jßnjß rf fe^^ffHri?" ' :
Lamps
to Burn,
2O cts. to $20.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American ImportißE Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere,
zoo Stores.
ALL HALLOWS' CHURCH
TO HOLD A FAIR
Benefit Bazaar .to Open Thursday,
October 5, in Masonic Hall
Worthy Object in View.
The fair In aid of All Hallows' Church
j will be opened in Masonic Hall, corner of
I Fourteenth and Railroad avenues south,
■ on Thursday evening. October 5, and will
! close on Tuesday, October 10. The object
of the fair is to raise funds for the build
, Ing of a hall for the societies and youth
!of the parish. It has enlisted the co
i operation of all, because the welfare of
. the parish has no more urgent demands
at present than a hall anil library. The
: booths and ladies in charge of them are
I as fallows:
Fancy table No. I— The Young ladles" Sodal
ity, presided over by Misses M. Mealy, A. God
frey and Irene Manning.
Fancy table No. Mrs. Quirk, assisted by
i Mrs. O'Neill. Miss K. .O'Brien. Miss Fanning
! Mrs. Pyle, Mrs. Oliver and Mrs. O'Brien.
Fancy table No. ■ 3— Mrs. Halllnan, assisted
by Miss G. Halllnan, Mrs. Nonneman, Mrs.
Halllnan Jr., Mrs. Doyle, Mrs. T. Nllan, Mrs.
Barry, Mrs. Maloney, Misses Maloney and Mrs.
Burke.
Fancy table No. — The Misses Rlley and Miss
Hollaren, assisted «by Mrs. Follmer, Mrs;
' MUey, Mrs. Florentine, Mrs. McGee, Mrs Ford,
j Miss Sarton and Mrs. Heley.
Ice cream table — Misses McGuire and Gllmore,
assisted by Mesdames C\>v|<» and Hagerty. , ■
Roulette— Mrs. Froy and Miss X. Re^an. •
Refreshment — Mrs. Kelly, assisted by
Mesdames Brady, Franks, Teaman, Rlley,
Ronan and Walters.
Candy table— Misses Ayers and Turner.
Grab bag Young Ladies' Sodality.
Shooting gallery — Men's Institute.
Mrs. Drlsroll, Mrs. PeguiUan, Mrs. Taaffe,
Mrs. Baldwin and Mrs. Graves are contributing
generously to the success of the fair.
Balloon at Glen Park To-Day.
There will be a balloon ascension at
Glen Park to-day. A number of valu
able prizes from the Emporium will bo.
given away as gate premiums. Th^ro
will be bicycle races and various ath
letic competitions, open to all, on the
recreation grounds.
ROBBEBY OF THE DEAD.
Police Investigating Alleged Sud
den Disappearance of Per-
sonal Effects.
The police are Investigating the alleged I
disappearance of property belonging to
! AViiliam B. Shrimpton. a mechanic, who
died suddenly of alcoholiem at 15 Verona!
I place last evening. Friends state that '
i Shrimpton was possessed of a valuable j
watch and Masonic charm shortly before j
his death, but the Coroner's (V-putles '
were unable to find either when they ar
rived at the house to take the body to the
Morgue. The statement of the landlady,
Mrs. M. Crowley, that two men repre
senting themselves as representatives of
a fraternal order had searched the me
chanic's room shortly after his death and
had departed with a valise, makes the
case somewhat suspicious and has Insti
gated the investigation. The disappear
ance- of the watch and charm was re- 1
j ported to H. J. Moulthrop of the Masonic
I board of relief by William R. Towne and
i William Haddock, both engineers and I
1 members of a lodge to which Shrimpton
; belonged, and the former communicated
; the Information to Deputy Coroner La- I
! combe. The Coroner notified police head- !
' quarters and had officers detailed to as
| certain who the men were who took the
i valise from the room.
Knippenberger Inquest.
An inquest was held yesterday morning
upon the body of Ernest Rudolph Knlp
penberger, who was killed by R. L. Hunt,
tho Insane teamster. The Jury charged
Hunt with murder.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAT, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
COUNTERFEITERS' DEN
PREPARED FOR BUSINESS
Complete Plant That Showed Evidence of
Having Been Successfully Operated.
Startling Discovery by The Call of the Source From Which the
State Has Recently Been Flooded ' With
Bogus Half Dollars.
FRED GRAY, who witnessed th»shoot
ing: of George Mills by John McCul
lom early yesterday morning:, and
who is being detained at the City
Prison, will in all probability have to an
swer to a charge of counterfeiting. Sus
pecting that Gray was the counterfeiter
for whom the United States authorities
have been anxiously seeking The Call last
night succeeded in not only Identifying
him as the much-wanted criminal, but
also found an abundance of evidence of
his guilt in his room on Natoma street.
Last Tuesday Gray, accompanied by the
man who was shot by McCullom, rented
the room for the purpose of turning out
bogus money. They had a complete out-
fit. consisting of molds, dies and acids,
and were preparing to flood the State with
spurious half-dollars when the shooting
occurred. Gray wns an eye-witness to
the shooting, and aa he at first refused
to give any Information to the police he
was arrested and detained at the City
Prison. Notwithstanding that he Is the
man for whom the secret service detect
ives wen? anxiously seeking 1 , the police
knew nothing of his career as a counter
feiter. Through the efforts of The Call
he was Identified last night and his room
WILLIAM SELLS ON THE
EVOLUTION OF A CIRCUS
THE ADVANCEMENTS MADE IN
RECENT YEARS.
How the Walter Main Show Started
With a Spotted Pig and Be
came Famous.
"There has been a most complete evo
lution In the circuß business during tho
last few years, and the circus of to-day
is far from being the circus of our boy
hood tinys," remarked William Sells, who
has been coming to San Francisco In con
nection with circuses for several years
past.
"Speaking of the original circus ven
ture of Walter L. i.iain some fifteen years
ago, he was then living on a rocky farm
over In Ohio. He conceived the Idea of
having a circus. As a boy he had played
circus with the other boys at school. He
had visited all of the traveling shows that
stopped in Geneva, 0., and, gaining what
knowledge he could from observation,
Btarted a circus. He had a couple
of trained dogs, a cat and a sheep. Like
other boys, he showed in back yards and
the barns, and accepted pins and mar
bles as pay for the tickets to the reserved
seats. The juveniles of the town vlsltou
the performance and brought their par
ents along, all of whom pronounced it
the greatest show on earth.
"One night, while he was sleeping In
the loft of the old farm house, he con
cluded to take to the road. Geneva is not
much of a show town, but one fine sum
mer morning the citizens were surprised
to see advertisements posted upon the
dead walls, railing attention to the fact
that upon a certain date Walter L. Main's
circus would give Its Initial appearance.
The bills were- not four-sheet posters,
gaudy in bright colors, but instead they
were plain affairs, the printing being of
the scrawly kind such as you would ex
pect from boys.
"Well, the long and short of It was that
Walter I* Main had a circus. He had a
tent that a party of surveyors had used,
and in this he exhibited a learned pig, a
cow, a dog and some hens. The experi
ence in Geneva was the beginning of a
life career. It meant that he was to be
a showman. The next year he bousht a
spotted calf that had six legs, and in a
modest way and under a little tent ho
started out, visiting some of the nearby
towns. He made a little money, and the
next year he added a camel and hired a
man who could ride the horses and do
acrobatic turns In the ring. At the end
of the season he had made more money,
and the next year branched out, bought
a few more animals and hired a few more
performers.
"With him every promise was a pledge,
and he advertised nothing he did not
show. This was the beginning of his suc
cess. Since then things have been com
ing his way as well as could be asked for.
Each year he has added to his show, and
now has one of the best on the road.
From a show that had only a spotted pig
he has built up a concern that travels by
three trains. There are 800 people upon
the payroll, with a salary list that re
quires the expenditure of $3000 per day,
to say nothing of other expenses.
"As to Ban Francisco, I regard It as one
of the best show towns In the country,
and always feel certain of doing a good
business. This year we opened the sea
eon in Cleveland, 0., to enormous busi
ness—ln fact, turned people away at all
performances.
"Like all other lines of trade, In order
to do business you must have the biggest
and the best. There was a time when the
one-ring show traveled over the country
and was good enough for anybody, but
now if a man would start out with such a
concern he would go broke Inside of forty
days unless he had an unlimited bank
account. To draw the crowd you must
come to town with a blare of trumpets.
You must first have your gilded advertis
ing cars, and then you must follow this
up with your smooth advance agents who
can drive good bargains. After this you
must have a lot or boomers who come a
couple of days In advance of the show.
Then as a climax you must have the
show. Of course, with the circus there
must be a lot of gold braid and tinsel, but
on the whole It mußt be a show worthy of
FRED GRAY'S COUNTERFEITING PLANT ON NATOMA STREET.
located. The trunk which contained his
counterfeiting outfit will be turned over
to the United States authorities this
morning.
Gray first met Mills In Sacramento
shortly after the latter's discharge from
Folsom, where he had served four years
for burglary committed in Oakland. They
came to this city and- went to live In a
lodging-house on Grant avenue. Think
ing they were being watched, they moved
to the house on Natoma street, taking
their outfit with them.
Late Friday night they left their room
after turning out a quantity of bogus
half dollars, and walked down Natoma
street. When near Mission and Sixth
they met McCullom, who was evidently
lying in wait for them.
McCullom accosted Mills and in an an
gry tone accused him of having been too
friendly with his wife. Mills denied the
charge and started to walk away. Just
then McCullom, who was crazed from the
effects of opium, drew his revolver and
fired two shots at Mills. As the latter
fell to the sidewalk his murderous as
sailant again attempted to shoot, but was
patronage. Last year we had a troupe of
live acrobats, each of whom drew $100 per
day. It is doubtful if they t-arned the
money, but we had to have them, and as
an advertisement they were a great draw
ing card. We could have got something
cheaper, but we did not want to humbug
the people; and there you have It.
"It is a fact that the people of the coun
try like to be humbugged, and no better
evidence of this can be clt^d than the
I'ardifT giant which Mr. Karnum exhib
ited a number of years ago. The tli s=t
season that the stone figure was out It
was made apparent that the exhihit was
nothing but a carved block of gypsum
from the quarries of Fort Dodge, lowa,
but notwithstanding this thousands of
people visited the show Just to see the
freak. One year Mr. Main advertised a
beast which was supposed to be half man
and half horse. It drew a big crowd, and
Ihe paid It a big salary. In fact, it was
! a money-maker until one day when the
man-half got drunk and discarded the
horse-half, so he was left in the lurch,
with all of his advertising material out
on the boards.
"Since then Walter L. Main hna gone,
upen the theory that the best thing to do
Is to advertise and show only the legiti
mate. This year promises to be a bonanza
for the phowmon." continued Mr. Pells.
"The country KenM to be in a prosperous
condition, men are at work In all linos and
mon<\v •eemi to be In abundance. An era
of prosperity is sweeping the country,
and apparently there Is no reason why
Fall Novelties
While the store is undergoing alterations, it ;
is a very inopportune time to display new
goods; but contrary to instructions our New
York buyers have sent a large assortment of
high class dress trimmings which will be
offered at extremely low prices on account of
our unsettled condition.
Dress Trimmings
Cream Venice all over delicate new shadings for
lace in 30 different patterns evening wear in handsome
at flowered and festoon designs
$1. *1.25, $1.50 from iy£ to 6 inches wide.
up to $2.50 a yard
Velvet and cloth applique
some gold and silver open 5 inches wide,
work patterns, extreme a new and handsome as-
novelties at sortment of appliques in
51. 65, $2.25 black white, white and gold
$3 and $5 a yard and newest shadings in col-
ored appliques — all new de-
Black spangled and white signs from i} 4 to 6 inches
and silver net, in an end- wide,
less variety, ranging from B]ack and cream
$1 up to $20 a yard over j s the latest shown in
our trimming department,
Silver and light colored to be used for waist trim-
opal spangle trimmings in mings.
135 to 131 Kearny St.
prevented by Policeman O'Shea, who
after disarming him took him to the City
Prison. Mills, who Is said to be a des
perate burglar, was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he now lies.
Gray, when questioned by the police,
attempted to deny that he had witnessed
the shooting. As he was identified by
several citizens as the man who was
with Mills at the time the police took him
to the City Prison and booked him
as a witness.
Evidently fearing that his room would
be located and his counterfeiting outfit
found. Gray yesterday sent for several
friends and endeavored to induce them
to have him released. He also tried to
Influence a former pal to visit his room
and do away with the evidence of his
guilt. Thinking that the police had taken
possession &t the trunk containing his
outfit, his friend refused. In the room
were also found a Colt's revolver and an
opium layout. To-day Gray will be turned
over to the United States authorities.
At 2 o'clock this morning the counter
feiting outfit was turned over to Marshal
Shine.
the circus along -with the other business 1
should not make big profits."
Walter L. Main's cirrus will exhibit In
ban Francisco nine days, beginning Sat
urday afternoon, September 23 at Fol
som and Sixteenth streets, being the only
grounds in the city of San Francisco
large enough to erect the big tents
The grand street parade will take place
Friday evening. September 22.
A fool said. "All whisky is gr>od, but
some is better than others." The wise
man answered: "No; only pure and
matured liquor is fit for the human sys
tem." and among them the purest
finest, wholesomest is The Old Govern
ment Whisky. •
St. Anthony's Fair.
A fair in aid of St. Anthony's Church
will bo opened at St. Anthony's Hall,
corner of Army and Folsom streets oii
Monday evening next, and will continue
until Saturday. September 30. The Mayor
will open the fnir.
• I/tulles" tailor-made suit*, fur capes, cloaks
Credit. M. Rothschild. 331 Post St. • '
"Say, Tommy, does yer ole man know
yer smoke?" "Sure! He's gey up lickln 1
me fer doln' It." — Puck.
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
Ibh BE* lI nSI [5 bub E
We shall offer on Monday, Sep- :
tember 18, new anil choice goods in
all our departments, and pote a
few special Items, . .
SILK DEPARTMENT.
25 pieces 24-INCH BLACK IMPORTED TAFFETA, bril-
liant and lustrous, new soft finish. 85c uari
BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENT.
40 pieces BLACK ENGLISH MOHAIR CREPONS, new
importation, 12 different designs . . . $1.75 u'ard
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT.
24 pieces 36-INCH SILK-FINISHED CHANGEABLE
ALPACA, eight different combinations. .50c uard
RIBBON DEPARTMENT.
375 pieces 3 1-2 INCH DOUBLE-FACED SATIN RIBBON,
corded edge, extra high lustre and soft finish, all
colors : — 35c uard
LACE DEPARTMENT.
5 cases NEW EMBROIDERED AND CORDED FRONT-
INGS, NEW RUCHINGS, RUFFLINGS, CHIFFON
TRIMMINGS, LACES and VEILINGS.
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT.
2 cases BOYS' EXTRA HEAVY BLACK RIBBED HOSE,
double heels and toes, warranted fast black
25c pair
111. 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
I "toothache stopped |
lin a hurry." 1
% open nights and Sundays. %
EVENINGS until 9. Sundays Jj>
'3 da Bet of Teeth. « VAN VROOM" 2E
"51 , . painless extractions - V jCTLII V r\VV/l'l • 3^
«5^ ' free $4 00 up ■ 2^
ooid crowns. 23 " k 3bo up " 7 Market St., Corner Sixth. 2=*
•«^ Fillings ir^riil B ur° ur GEO. W. KLEISEB. D.D.S. "a
5 JgU^T."^";^ °" r eEO - W - KLEBEH. D.D.S.
UNDERSTAND
There's nothing philanthropic about
our "litt!e-at-a-time" plan — it's
solid business through and through,
and we wish you to know that we
depend as much upon your business
as you do, perhaps, upon ours.
This
'" • p and brass
Price $8 SO. fittings—
THE J. NOONAN
I FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
I 1017*1023 MISSION STREET,
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
/O/7-/023 M/S9/OIV STKBET.
I flbove sixtb.
1 Phone Booth 14. Open Evening.
Eye = Glasses
;■-.-/ WITH THE NEW CLIP.
Bausch & Lomb Stereo Field Glasses.
SCIENTIFIC INSTRUMENTS.
Oculists' prescriptions filled. Quick repairing.
Factory on premises. Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS^ HnT SPHICAPPARATU3.
CAO ti ° o SCIENTIFIC A
o4z Market ot. »nstrument3
HALL'S REINVIQORA TOR
B^l j^^n Five hundred reward for any i
bj ... : , case we cannot cure. This secret '
Agrg ~Mrr9 remedy stops all losses In 24 i
w&fin BaJB hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
£ijj • h'/illl tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea, |
H$S gGMiM Gleet. Fits. Strictures, Lost
PnjjU-JWw} Manhood and all wasting effects ■
1 ' 1 of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
lealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, *5; guaranteed to
■ure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 865 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
or sale at 1073^4 Market St., S. F. All private
lleeases quickly cured. Send for free book.
PUT YOUR HEADS
TOGETHER
and compare notes about who does th»
best laundry work in this town, and
you will find the unanimous verdict of
everyone in San Francisco is that our
exquisite laundry work is unsurpassed
| for its perfect finish, careful treatment,
i beauty of color and general excellence.
We don't allow any one to touch us for
perfect laundry work.
"No saw edges."
United States Laundry. Offloa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
000000000000000003
% & LACE *"?%
°GRAND hoti
I V SAN FRANCISCO. q
® Connected by a covered passs*owa.y. **
0 1400 Rooms— wi h Bath Attached. °
0 All Under One Management. O
JO NOTE THE PRICES: . O
lO European Plan.Bl.OO per day and upward O
d American Plan. $3.00 per day and upward _
O Correspondence Solicited. v
O JOHN 0. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. O
£ O 0 0 000000 0900
TSTSTTCUI7Q FOR BARBERS. BAK.
Ijri.UDnii(O ers. bootblacks, bath-
***■.»*«-; houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
! . dyer*, flour mills, foundries, laundries, paper.
I hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
1 stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta.
BUCHANAN BROS..
; Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
GOLDEN WEST BOTTLING WORKS,
■ : j;.o- ''-.£}■ Bottlers of
ANHEUSER-BUSCH. BEERS.
Goods delivered to any part of th« city
} " l'hone, Jtssla 1522.+♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦♦♦♦♦+♦♦+♦♦
! Pages 11 to 20 1
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦+
WATERS OF BEAUTIFUL BELVEDERE COVE SPARKLED
UNDER GLOWING LIGHTS OF A GLITTERING PAGEANT
I Passed Like a Dream of
i Fairyland Enchantment
€>♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦» W t » t ♦ ♦ M H
"BEAUTIFUL VENICE, THE BRIDE OF THE SEA."
fT^HE night was without a cloud to
; >w the young glory of an adol- i
::: moon. The fog had hidden
It in the caverns of the west-
X ' r;i horizon. The waters, charmed
l<> sluriiSer by the warmth and gentle
• -he light breezes that now ,
d then as they passed.;
till i-nd quiet at the foot of the i
.: . pea. All nature was
I lent its aid to perfect the ;
ales as the Doge wedded j
waters of the bay.
harmony of nature was |
f man, and the two ,
blendir . , ; ,h a scene of fairy
I . in ol St. Mark, rous- j
ennui resultant on
. r he has wit
, igeant such as
he ha ,U. a pageant
which . ato flap his very wings
light and vow that
■,ni!icence attendant
lj :"' n ' m republic
• qnal this.
, Xr "-'- ■ .. ige that, rising
■• rrace upon ter-
Belvedere hills.
palaces of Hgbt; I
lance over hill
parti-colored bril
liance agal | from tne Boraber
■ different colors un
tn \i ( X became damded
wll £ T I bis mind confused
with the complexity of their charms.
Through the n fl shone
thousands of lanterns, glimmering amid
the shrubbery like huge fireflies, and
here and ti ,• flre> de _
taching themselves from the greater
masses, wound their tortuous lengths
down the mountain sides to be lost amid
the universal brilliance that met them at I
tin-, water's edt;e-
- r^SsS>^ v r Jor .. — '
Every house was outlined in a hundred
different hues, every fence and post had
its quota of lanterns and each road and
footpath was traceable by the gleaming
splendor that marked its course.
From every butte and hillock, from
every point and headland, there flashed
upward a pyrotechnic volcano that, merg
ing Us hues with those of the chemical
fires that burned on every porch, ascended
and. spreading out, formed a glowing
canopy over all.
Down in the cove and along the water
front the scene was if anything more
beautiful, and thrice as animated. Be
ginning within a few hundred yards of
the hotel, which for the nonce had been
transformed into a translucent crystal
palace agleam with decorative fires, the
arks strung themselves out along the
Belevedere shore.
Each owner had tried to outdo his
neighbor in the beauty and artistic effect
of his decorations, and the result was an
ensemble which was as unique as it was
pleasing to the eye. No two house-boats
were the same, and none exhibited any
thing but a lavlshmer.t of adornment,
which was only limited by delicacy and
good taste.
Through this glittering maze small
launches, rowboats and other small craft
darted hither and thither, conveying vis
itors this way and that, or, filled with a
gay crowd of residents, they simply drift
ed idly about, serenading any one they
chanced to meet with a light song or a lot
of good-natured badinage.
From Belvedere Point to the end of the
Corinthian Club wharf the yachts had
anchored in a long chain fencing with a
stream of light the outer waters of the
bay from the little cove in which the
nuptial ceremonies were to be performed.
Each yacht had decorated itself In honor
of the occasion and the delicate tracery
BA^ FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER IT, 1899.
of spar and rigging was outlined against
the .lear background of the night by the
glistening lights with which they were
strung. Just outside this line lay the
different steamers and pleasure craft
which had come from the several points
around the bay to witness the celebration.
Still further out, as though to lend the
power of its protection to the happiness
within, lay the shapely .tfarblehead, a
huge luminous star, fitting 6ymbol of the
glory of our arms upon the sea, flashing
its promises of hope from between the
two tall smokestacks.
Seats had been erected on the hill over
the Corinthian Club, and these, together
with the private houses, the arks, hotel
and yachts, provided ample accommoda
tion for the crowds that arrived to par
ticipate in the celebration.
Beginning early in the morning tjiey
commenced to arrive in numbers just
great enough to comfortably fill the seat
ing capacity cf the regular boats, and
then the rush gradually increased until
they swarmed in in such crowds toward
the later hours that there was not a
square inch of standing room to spare
either on the regular boats or the extra
ones which were specially run for the oc
casion. Yet such was the excellence of
the management that all were attended
to, each one was made comfortable and
accommodated In every particular, and
among the 7000 visitors who, it is esti
mated, were received, not one serious
accident, complaint or altercation was re
ported.
Precisely at the hour set— 9 o'clock— the
wedding ceremonies commenced. At^^^H
nal from a cannon on the hill a long: pro
cession of gayly decorated barges started
from Belvedere Point, and moving in
stately procession passed into the cove
and up to the Olympic Club boathouse,
•where the Doge's barge was waiting for
j the escort which should conduct him to
• his nautical nuptials.
As soon as the procession reached the
j Doge formal salutations were exchanged,
j and then the gorgeous flotilla, with the
I stately liucentaur in its center, passed
I out to the middle of the cove, where,
; amid the booming of cannon and the
i cheers of the thousands un the hillsides,
j the espousals were consummated and the
i ring dropped in the water, while rockets
I with their lurid splendor illuminated the
dark sky, carrying in their wild flight
heavenward thousands of brilliant stars,
which, bursting, showered down upon the
heads of those who, clustering around
| the Doge, awoke the echoes with the mel
ody of their voices.
As soon as tne actual ceremony had
been brought to a conclusion the line was
broken and in a minute the cove was
covered -with all soits and conditions of
boats, which hurried in and out among
the arks, exchanging greetings with
their owners, and then hurrying away on
borne errand of pleasure, only to return
in a short time ana again accept of the
! hospitality which was lavished on till
j sides.
The scene on land was much the same.
Every house was open, wide open, and
mirth was the watchword of the night.
The roads were filled with laughing men
and happy women. The whole scene was
one of carnival. Carnival partaking of all
the joyousness of the Latin nation and
yet so dignified and fre*e from the stain
of anything approaching license that
when one left one left nothing to regret.
From inception to conception Belve
dere's third "Night In Venice" was an un
qualified success. Nothing was left un
done and yet nothing was overdone. It
was as it was and that was exactly as it
should be.
The programme was carried out exactly
on time and not one single item was over
looked. When the piece had been enacted
and the sta^e was thrown open for all to
caper on they capered with right good
Will. But they capered decently, dec
orously, and the searchlights which from
the Marblehead and the top of Valentine
Hill played upon the revels until the
dawning of another day dimmed their
brightness discovered nothing which one
would have wished to omit from "A
Night in Venice."
YACHTS AND LAUNCHES
VIE WITH WARSHIPS
Never has a larger number of yachts
been gathered in one spot on the Bay of
San Francisco than were moored in Bel
vedere Cove. Every yacht club around
San Francisco contributed nearly its en
tire fleet, and, besides yachts, the United
States cruiser Marblehead. the torpedo
boat destroyer Farragut, arks, launches,
rowboats and tugs, lent variety to the
scene. The yachts were moved in a triple
line between Wheeler's Point and the Co
rinthian Yacht Club house, and presented
a pretty sight as they lay at the moor
ings in the bright light of day. But, as
darkness fell, strings of Chinese lanterns
and of fairy lamps lent a fantastic beauty
to the spectacle.
The arks were lined from end to end
with lighted lanterns, the most conspicu
ous among them being F. Bushnell's
Cuckoo and the large ark of George Wel
lington, the former having festoons of
varicolored fairy lamps above and all
around it, and the latter being illumin
ated entirely with red lanterns. The Illum
ination was complete by about 8:30 p. m.
The Illuminated launches and rowboats
[Pages 11 to 20
♦ ♦♦♦*♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦"*'*■♦-
that were to take part in the performance
were assembled near Wheeler's Point and
proceeded slowly in double line up the
channel toward the Hotel Belvedere,
where they were joined by the Doge's
barge, which was crowded with an array
of senators and other officials in brilliant
robes of scarlet.
The searchlight on the top of Valentines
Island was kept fixed on the Doge's barge
during the ceremony, at the close of whLch
the Doge wedded the sea by casting a
ring Into the waters. The espousal of the
&ea being complete and the chorus, "Love
ly Night," having been sung, the boats
and launches passed in review before the
prize committee, consisting of Mayor J.
D. Phelan, Irving M. Scott, J. A. Stanton
and Vanderlynn Stow. The prize for the
most beautifully illuminated ark was
awarded to F. Bushnell's Cuckoo; for the
most beautifully illuminated yacht to E.
F. Sagar's sloop Edna, for rowboats to
Mr. Dohrman and for the best house to
J. M. Mattoon.
The sloop Edna had an electric plant on
board, which served to illuminate trans
parencies representing the stars and
Btripea and the Union Jack, and to throw
into brilliant relief the letters of her
name. J. M. Mattcon's house was nota
ble for the dome which had been erected
above it in imitation of the dome of the
new City Hall.
A few rowboats carrying no lanterns
managed to get within the inclosed space,
but on the whole the patrol was i#Dst ef
fectively kept, and the whole perform
ance passed off without a hitch or a mis
hap. The United States cruiser Marble
head kept her searchlight in constant op
eration and displayed a beautiful electric
star. The Farragut anchored consid
erably farther out than the cruiser, but
was even more prettily decorated, her
sides, funnels and masts being outlined
#♦♦♦ t» t ♦♦•»-♦♦ ♦♦»♦♦♦♦»♦»♦♦»
X Showers of Gold Respond X
♦; to. Touch of Magic Wand, +
♦♦♦♦♦'♦♦♦♦♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•
with electric lights.
Noticeable among the craft flitting
about the cove was the launch Imp. which
had a lire of electric lamps from stem
to stern and a windmill revolving In her
bow.
Among the yachts drawn up In triple
line across the cove were the following:
The schooners Lurline, Aggie. Azalene,
Bonita, White Wings, Ramona, Wave,
the yawls .Tramontana. Frolic, Spray,
Phyllis, Ripple. Arcturus. Naiad, Mer
ced, Seven Bells, Idler, Diana, Witch,
Kittiwake, the sloops Clara, Elia, Nixie.
Speedwell, Rover, Harpoon. Thelma. Em
ma. Queen, Lois, Fretla, Truant, Aeolus,
Amigo, Mignon, Wawona. Halcyon, Edna,
Emelle, Cupid, May, Merope. Veres, Mis
tral, Venture, Dart,, Dreadnaught, Lap
wing, Phoenicia, Doris, Wiggle, Paul,
Folly, Dawn. Mischief, Will o 1 the Wisp,
Cygnus, Thetis, Juanita. Occident, <iyp
sle, Pactolus, U & I, Embla, Jessie E. "
Among the launches were the Alborta,
Gazelle, Athlete, America, Augusta, Cyn
thia and Gypsy.
Besides the illumination of houses on
the shore, of arks, yachts, launches ami
rowboats on the water, searchlights
from the t'nited States cruiser Marble
head and the hill above the Corinthian
Club house, many rockets were sent up
from a barge moored in the cove, and co'
ored fires lighted at Intervals on the arks
made bright splashes of color on the
waves.
The following are tho principal arka and
their owners or charterers: Jenkins and
McGregor's Edna IE, W. J. Wilder's Co
lumbia, F. Bushnell's Cuckoo. Bromwell's
Minnehaha, John F. Lowell's La Boheme.
Hazzard's Belvedere. Bishop's Crystal
Palace, Percy L. Burr's La Fiesta,
Charle3 G. Yale's El Pizo, H. D. Hawks'
Atlantis, McNelll's Noah's Ark, StaW12
BELVEDERE ABLAZE WITH COLORED LIGHTS.
man's Utopia, Frank Richardson's Lov
ers' Nost.
THOSE TO WHOM HONOR
FOR GOOD WORK IS DUE
For the successful arrangement, man
agement and in fact for everything that
nin<ie Belvedere's "Night In Venice" a
triumph for the residents and a pleasure
to the thousands Who' visited them the
following pentlemen must be thanked.
They worked hard and unceasingly to
carry out th.* different details which had
been assigned to them and it is to their
efforts that tha result must be credited:
Doge, Frank W. Thompson. Singers:
First tenors— Frank Coffin, George Pur
lenkey, E. Lutz, Ed Angelo, Dave Wise,
Richard Hunt, J. McShawhan; second
tenors— George Rice. Arthur Kennedy, E.
C. r.oyson, Ed F. Sagar,- Z. Welsh, Ed
Pariaher, Chris Bernhard, William Wil-
Fon; first bass— Dan Ward, M. Fraser,
Ben Tarbox, W. C. Stadfeldt, E. W.
Gates. J. Eilnes, Robert Bein, Harry Turn
bull, J. F. Fleming: second bass— Charles
Parent, William Neilson, William Hooke,
Robert Jones, William Qrandeman.
Charles H. Van Orden, F. W. Thompson.
(Plymouth Quartet of San Francisco—
Coffin, Rice, Ward and Parent); also
members of Lorlng Club.
James S. Hawkins, director general; E.
H. i 'lough, secretary; Charles L. Barrett.
treasurer.
Finance V. J. A. Rey (chairman),
Thomas E. Haven, C. S. Holmes, Arthur
Page, J. W. Pew.
THE ENGINEERS
HAVE STARTED
FOR THE COAST
Miners Soon to Greet
Their Guests.
« —
This week will feel the stir of many
miners In full action. The special train j
hearing the bis? party of Eastern mem
bers of the American Institute of Mining j
Engineers will cross the northern State (
line on Saturday, en route to the annual
meeting of this big organization of 3000 j
Fclentlflc men, in San Francisco on the
Esth inst. and succeeding days.
They will receive their first royal Cali
fornia welcome at Montague on next Sat
urday, when they will run against a spe
cial carload of eminent members of the
California Miners' Association, some em- i
inent California mineral waters and a few
other eminent things, including old Shas
ta. Royal California hospitality will at
tend the guests for the next two weeks.
The general programme and the Itiner
ary, as heretofore pi/blished in The Call,
will bo adhered to, with the exception of j
very light changes. Sunday will be given ;
to Redding, the Keswick smelters and the
liig Mountain copper mine, and Monday.
Tuesday and Wednesday will be given to
the sessions of the annual meeting at the
Palace Hotel, to the degree that social
and other temptations, including those
provided by the California Miners' Asso
ciation, will permit. Then will come the
long and interesting trips about the min
ing regions of the State, from north to
south and along the mother lode, occupy
ing about two weeks and larded with
much hospitality provided by boards of
Suimrvisois, local committees of the Cali
fornia Miners' Association, commercial
and other bodies, et al.
Among the latest reports received by
Secretary E. H. Benjamin announcing lo
cal hospitalities is one from the Fresno
Chamber of Commerce, which proposes to
do "the proper thing" when these emi
nent mining men are ready to drift
through the big vineyards of Fresno
County and possibly determine the duty
of a minor's inch of San Joaquin Valley
wine. One feature of the day at Orovllle
is to be a big open-air feast provided by
ladies of that place during an intermls
fcion in an inspection of gold dredges, etc..
made easy by the Butte County Miners
Association, with the usual aid of local
newspapers and enterprising citizens.
During the past week local preparations
in ban Francisco, which are mainly in
the executive hands of Secretary Benja
iiiin of the California Miners' Association,
have consisted largely of correspondence
■with commltteemen and others through
out the State. Among the many local
arrangements already .made is one for
a reception to the ladies, tendered by the
California Club, for ono,day of the San
Francisco meeting.
To-morrow activities will become gen
eral In caring for the details of the gen
• ral programme already arranged. W. C.
Ralston, vice pr< siuer.t of the California
Minors' Association and chairman of the
general committee on arrangements, will
return from the Molones mine in Cala
veras County and help swing the helm.
President J. 11. Nelt will be on hand early
this week to lend a hand and some wise
counsel. The San Francisco County Min
ers' Association will bold a special meet
ing to consider a situation which calls on
the industrial patriotism " : the San Fran
cisco mining men of public spirit. The
annual meeting was secured for San
Francisco by the California 'Miners' As
sociation, which has gladly assumed the
duties of a host in behalf of the whole
State which is asked to join In the recep
tion '.hi,! the members of the- local or
ganization, which Includes some of the
most prominent and enterprising members
of thf business community, are showing a
quick readiness to aid in making this
meeting of this great body a red letter
one in its history.
The financial and commissary depart
ments will bo got into special activity
«.ar"ly this week. The finance committee,
of which A. A. Watkins is chairman, will
go to work getting the rest of the sev
eral thousand dollars wanted by the as
pociation to enable it to do the handsome
thing The other day two members of the
committee went around one afternoon and
raised $1700. This has been increased
since then, and it is not expected that
there will be any trouble about getting
the rest in a city which was founded on
the mining industry, which has been built
up largely through it. which has so many
millions of its capital invested in mines,
which has several thousand citizens finan
cially interested In mines and which is
the financial, commercial and manufac
turing mining center of the entire Pacific
r< Th°e n commissary department is not like
ly to need any boards of investigation
when. the thing is all over • - •
The association reception and other
committees will maintain headquarters at
the Palace Hotel during the meeting, the
fiessions of which will be held in the
hotel, and the entertainment of s the fifty
Transportation— T. T. Williams (chair
man), B. H. Clough, J. S. Hawkins, Hugo
D. Roll, J. \V. Pew.
Privileges— W. H. Toepke (chairman),
John Caldwell, J. H. Keefe, Thomas
Miller, Charles Sonntag.
Reception — H. O'Brien (chair
man), Percy L. Burr, Fred Fowler, A. G.
Griffin, E. N. Harmon, George W. Hen
dry, A. L. Jenkins, Hugh Johns, Peter
Lamb, D. H. Beede, Charles Leighton,
John F. Lowell, J. D. Maxwell, Charles
McNeill. F. J. Me Williams, Thomas Me
herin, R. H. Morrow, Joseph Powning Sr.,
J. Bishop, Frank Richardson, Frank W.
Runyon, Fred Schoeber, C. G. Taylor,
Howard Thompson, W. H. Toepke, George
J. Wellington, R. White, Charles Tates.
Decorations— A. Gerberding (chairman),
Ferdinand Bazan, Fred H. Bushnell, Fr<\l
Greenwood, Robert C. Hall, Arthur Page,
E. Scott, Charles G. Tale.
Entertainment and programme— Charles
G. Yale (chairman). Executive committee
comprised of officers and chairmen of va
rious committees.
Muslo — M. B. Wallach (chairman);
Frank T. Bowers, Robert C. Hall,
Thomas Miller, E. M. Wilson.
Invitations— H. D. Hawks (chairman),
John Jackson, Joseph M. Mattoon. R. E.
McGill, Ellis H. Parrlsh. William T. Wal
lace.
Fireworks— Hugo D. KeU (chairman),
L. L. Dunbar, I. S. Mattoon, T. T. Wil
liams.
Patrol and Anchorage— J. H. Keefe
(chairman), F. F. Ames, F. E. Baker,
Frank Bartlett, Paul Biber, Frank T.
Bowers. Ed M. Boyle, R. T. Breitzmann,
C. H. Buck, J. K. Bulger, John Cunning
or more ladies of the party will be care
fully looked aft.r. as well .is that of the
visiting members of the Institute.
The Eastern members of the institute
who will attend the meeting were sup
posed to meet in < bJcago yesterday.
From there rh c special train of Wagner ,
card, bearing about 800 penpie, wul pro- !
ceed over the Northern route, making a ■
few brief stops in the northwestern mm- '
ing regions, and entering California next
Saturday as stated, spending over two
weeks in the State and returning by the
Southern route. About two weeks ago }
Rossiter W. Raymond sent to Secretary ;
Benjamin a list of the members ami ■
friends who at that time had announced
their intention of attending. This list will ]
be enlarged, and it does not Include oth- !
ers than the New York party. The list ;
is a« follows:
W. J. Harris, Montclair, N. J.; Pro-fes
sor Heinrich Ries, Ithaca, N. Y.j Charles
ICcCrery, Duquesne, Pa_; W. Q. Parjte,
Mrs. \V. G. Parke, Miss Parke, Scranton, j
Pa.; Professor N. W. Lord, Columbus, ,
Ohio; Miss Margaret Bell, Ottawa. Can
ada; Dr. Otto Mulhauser, La Salle, 111.;
Theodore D. Rand, Philadelphia; Kdwin '
Ludlow, Mrs. Kdwin Ludlow, Hartshorne,
i. T. ; W. S. de Camp, Miss de Camp. Ful- j
ton Chain. X. V.; A. W. Sheafer, Potts
ville, Pa.; K. Ritnsberg, Chicago; Ernest
Fleming Germany; E. YV. Parker, Mrs.
E. W. Parker, Dr. David T. Day, Mrs.
David T. Day, Washington, D. C.J F. E. j
Bachman, Mrs. F. E. Bachman, Buffalo, j
N. V.; B. F. Fackenthal Jr., Mrs. B. F.»l
Fnokenthal Jr., Benjamin D. Riegel, Rie- j
gelsville, Pa.; A. D. Chidsey. Mrs. A. D. j
■ v. Miss Florence Shemer. Baston,
Pa.; William Miilwain, Mrs. William Mc-
Ilwaln, Reading. Pa.; Samuel Thomas,
Mrs. Bamuel Thomas, Catasauqua, N. V.:
E. D. Bellinger. Syracuse, N. V.: Mrs. !
John Meigs, Pottstown, Pa.; W. H.
Adams, Mrs. W. H. Adams, Miss Adams, ■
Mineral City, Va.; David William?, Mrs.
David Williams. Dr. R. W. Raymond, j
Mrs. R. W. Raymond, Theodore Dwight,
Al. Richardson, John Cabot Jr.. Dr.
James Douglass, Miss Douglass, Miss M.
Douglass, New York. •
The party that arrives includes quite
a number of eminent men whose wide (
reputations are not confined to the fields i
of mining, geology and metallurgy, in
wh'ch they have chiefly acuuii > d what j
fame is theirs. Dr. Jamrs Douglass of j
New York is the president of the insti- |
tute and of the company owning the great j
r Queen mine of Arizona. David i
T. Day of the United States Geological j
Survey has needed no identification among I
mining men for many years. Many other
names command respect in these fields
and out of them.
A few very eminent men 'will probably
be greatly missed, because they will get
good money for mixing in a big legal
battle now on in the courts at Butte City,
Mont., in which the company owning the
great Anaconda mine i« a party and in
which valuable ore bodies far under
ground are at stake.
Rossiter W. Raymond, founder and
present secretary of the institute, and the
oldest and best known authority on the
mining resources of the country, is an
expert on one side. So are Waldemar
Linggren and Clarence King, who have
done such splendid service to the mining
Industry through the United States Geo
logical Survey and otherwise. So are W.
S. Keyes and Louis Janin of San Fran
cisco. The hearing of this suit begins
to-morrow at Butte City, and these men
are supposed to be there. If the trial pro
ceeds they will likely stay there; if not,
they will be present.
The party that will meet the visitors at
Montague will, according to the present
plans, include President J. H. Neff, Vice
President W. C. Ralston, Secretary E. H.
Benjamin, Professor S. B. Christy, W. A.
Doble, State Mineralogist A. S. Cooper,
C' >rge Johnston. B. T. Lacy. John M.
Wright. Dan T. Cole, J. F. Halloran, Cur
tis H. Llndley, Fred Bradley, J. J. Craw
ford, Andrew Carrigan and Joseph Sloss.
The meeting is of especial importance to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SI&TTil 9 READ HY FREE DEFER
ji j^^^^^^^. Wise Words to Sufferers
jM^m^^^^^^WK F ro^ a Woman o? Efotra Damp, Ind.
iW''^M^^a^^^^4\\V\l \ I will mail, free of any charge, this Home Treat-
K'lWi'^t^^^^^^^^^'fkxi 1 1 \\ ment with full instructions and the history of my own
Km '■''Jmp^i ''■- z "^^^^l I'M VI 1\ ca6e to any lady suffering- from female trouble. You
1 KWlMti&titzZ'&t**' \si»^B Im, \v \\ can cure yourself at home without the aid of any
F/«'// ; ! JPr^"'^S^ sMlf|V 1 Physician, It will cost you nothing to five the
IWI//»l*WiiS oKSr' B&L'nrlh \\ tl treatment a trial, and if you decide to continue it
Mm : Fii<MW A&£ ' ■•JmM'lii \i' V '' Ul oal cost - v " v about twelve cents a week.
■ VIM Imilmm^SF^ tZdanui/&\ (If I<; vi " not interfere with your work or occupation.
W!MwiiiMsL% mnml'i i ■ ! have nothing to sell. Tell other sufferers of it—
WA i 'jP^S^^'i /^KBP^\\Wflll/ l at is *" 1 ask * Ifc cures all, young- or o!d.
\tl!& 4#!^Sr* L '''^ .^i^ IF *S" If you feel a bearing-down sensation, sense of
\{f- »■ '%,-"; .10^? Sfr^ViAll!' /"l/ Impending- evil, ]: .in in the back or bowels, creeping-
XVw^^SiSSiisSlfy IWf "VfiSr feeling- up the .'pir.e, a desire to cry frequently, hot
vßlfif ' S* Wffl§ W flashes, weariness, frequent desire to urinate, or if you
> -ji? ■JjfiKii' f have Leucorrhea (Whites), Displacement or Falling
I ' s sj' ¥ '■^■W^r of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Periods,
. f Jlr Tumors or Growths, address MRS. M. SUMMERS,
NOTRE DAME, IND., U. S. A., for the Free
. . ■ ■ Treatment and Foil Information.
i Thousands besides myself have cured themselves . with it. I send.it in • plain wrappers.
TO MOTHERS OF DAUGHTERS I will explain a Rimple Home Treatment which speedily and
effectually cures Lencorrhea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irrtgular Menstruation in young ladies. \
It will save you anxiety and expense and save your daughter the humiliation of explaining her
troubles to others. Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live I can refer you to well-known ladies of your own state or county who know and
will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all diseased conditions of our
delicate female organism, thoroughly strengthens relaxed muscles and ligaments which cause dis-
placement, and makes women well. Write Do-day, as this offer will not be made again. Address
MRS. M. SUfiriERS, Box 34, Notre Dame, Ind., U.S.A.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1899.
ham, David Dean, W. E. Dixie, O. East
wood. Douglas Ersklne, W. F. Fisher,
Robert Gibson, H. H. Gorter, W. S.
Grover, Ed Howard, W. P. Humphreys
jr P W. Hurndall, J. J. Kavanaugh, C.
| Knight, Charles Leighton. A. I. Lyons,
! P J Martenstein. J. M. Mattoon. Thomas
Miller, Robert Morrow, Peter Morton, J.
O'Connor, R. H. Peat. T. W. Raneom. E.
I F Bagar, Fred Schoebor, J. H. Sharp,
I John Short Jr.. R. Stevenson, Frank
I Stone. C. a. Taylor, C. A. Thornberg. An
i drew Thorne, Frank Thornton, H. W.
i Wosterfeld. Charles Yates.
Launches— Robert C. Tittle (chairman),
! F T Bowers Fred Greenwood. Thomas
i Jennings. Hugo D. Kell. Will Pownlng.
I M. B. Wallach, H. R. Wllliar.
Advertising— F. E. Harmon (chairman),
J. D. Maxwell, F. H. Bushnell. Bmlle
White, E. H. Clough.
Printing— Carl Westerfleld (chairman),
' J. H. Pryor, F. E. Harmon, Emlle White.
W. S. Grover.
Press— E. H. Clough (chairman), Charles
Gwlach, F. E. Harmon, R. R. I'Homme
dleu, J. H. Pryor.
Conveyances— B. "W. Halnes (chairman),
John Coop, A. J. Raisch, Fred W. Boole,
! Bills H. Parrlsh, Charles Searle.
Tickets— J. W. Pew (chairman), J. H.
j Keefe, G. H. McMullin, V. J. A. Rey, T. T.
William*.
Seating— George W. Crowell (chairman).
I E. N. Harmon. J. H. Keefe, A. J. Raisch,
I W. H. Toepke.
Souvenir— F. H. Bushnell (chairman), E.
iH. Clough, Robert C. Mitchell, W. 11.
I Toepke. F. E. Harmon.
Aids to director general— D. H. Beede,
• ire because of Its tim« and charac
er, anil will probably be lone reraim
icred by both guests and hosts.
URGED TO JOIN IN THE
FIGHT FOR NEW HOSPITAL
THE PRESENT BUILDINGS REEK
WITH DISEASE, i
The movement Inaugurated by Dr. W.
B. Coffey of the Board of Health to se
cure the erection of a new City and Coun
ty Hospital to replace the filthy, germ
infested buildings that now bear that ti
tle, has reached a stage where the united
efforts of all v.-ho have the slightest re
i gard for the health of the community are
i requested to induce the Board of Super
| visors to take such action as will make
| the building of a new hospital possible by
providing money for that purpose in the
I next tax levy.
In pursuance of this idea, and in view of
the fact that Monday Is the last day for
action by the Supervisors, Dr. Coffey yes
! terday held a conference with Health Of
j ficer Lawlor, as a result of which It was
I decided to send an appeal to all interested
I bodies and individuals throughout the
; city, urging them to use all their Influence
I with the Supervisors to secure the needed
| appropriation. The following letter was
j prepared and sent to every minister in
i the city by special messenger, to the Red
I Cross, to the Merchants' Association, the
■ Chamber of Commerce, the newspapers,
! physicians, lawyers, and in fact to every
! body who it was thought could be Induced
i to take an active interest in the move
ment:
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 15, 1899.
The Ban Francisco Call, City— Dear Sirs:
There is an urgent effort being; made to in. luce
. the honorable Board of. Supervisors to appro
! priate or provide the ways and means to have
| constructed a new City and County Hospital,
j to the end that the city may provide an Insti
! tution for the care of the deserving poor, that
! may be a credit to the municipality. Your
| kind co-oneration In the matter is earnestly
i solicited, ond the honorable Board of Health
trusts you can see your way clear to give the
j matter your support before tho Board of Su
! pervisors at its next meeting:, Monday, the
ISth inst., at 2 p. m. The Importance of the
above action at this time is that at the meet
ing on the 18th the subject of appropriating
; money for the proper conduct of the city gov
ernment for the next fiscal year will be con
! sidered.
For the rust twenty-five years the City and
i County Hospital has served as a refuge for
! every known form of disease. The Institution
is saturated with filth and impregnated with
i germs. The wards are a menace to the health
:of the Inmates. Over one-third of the mor
! tality at this Institution show that patients
who have been treated for bronchial and other
complaints have re-entered the hospital, hay
: ing become In the meantime victims of tuber
culosis or consumption contracted during their
! previous residence In the wards. The recent
■ severe Illness of eljht attending nurses with
typhoid fever and the death of one of the
medical staff due to the came disease is a suf
; ficient warning cry to this community to eradi
cate this disgrace and ulcer from our midst.
i By order of the Board of Health. Yours very
WILLIAM M LAWLOR,
Health Officer.
E. B. CARROLL, Secretary.
Dr. Coffey Is in hope that the minister?
will recognize the urgency and importance
i of the matter and discuss the subject from
! their pulpits to-day, or at least lend their
i personal Influence with the Supervisors to
i secure new hospital buildings. As was
stated in the communication forwarded to
the Supervisors by the Board of Health
a day or two ago, the present City and
County Hospital buildings are unlit for
occupation, and if they are not replaced
] will be condemned and the hospital closed.
Douglas Ersklne, R. Stevenson, W. A.
Stringer. R. C McGill, M. B. Wallacn.
Announcer— Wilbur Knapp.
INCIDENTS OF THE NIGHT.
James Coffroth. clerk of the Superior
Court in San Francisco, started from
Bushnell's ark In a rowboat to go to the
Tlburon pier to bring off Judge Hunt.
He had covered about half the distance,
when the steam launch Gypsy ran Into
his frail craft, cutting it completely in
half. Coffroth was thrown into the water,
but, being an expert swimmer, managed
to keep afloat until he was rescued by the
launch.
F. H. Bushnell's ark Cuckoo was one
of the most brilliant features of the fete.
It was brilliantly lighted from stem to
stern, and in addition to dispensing open
handed liberality all the evening Bush
nell kept a perfect shower of colored
rockets and bombs bursting and falling
from the sky in the vicinity of his craft.
DECORATED HOUSES.
Among the houses which were mopt re
markable for the beauty and taste of their
decorations were those occupied by Fred
J. McWilliams (Injun'B Rest), E. J. Ben
jamin (Vista del Mar), E. O. Perry
(Loeksley Hall), R. S. Wheeler (The Tin
Can), Edgar M. Wilson, Frank Fred
ricks, Joseph Powning, J. P. Jackson Jr.,
H. E. Heacock, Al Gerberding (Berly
Bank). Mr. tvans (Oneonta), J. H. Sul
livan (Idle Hour), John W. Pew (The Pa
goda), F. E. Harmon (Shamrock Ix>dge).
D. McLean (The Ice House), Fred Boole
(Arcadia). John Coop, V. J. A. Rey, Cap
tain Hugh Cobin (The Log Cabin), Dr. L.
L. Dunbar, H. C. Tilden (Corner Content),
J. B. Bengheauser (Idle Hour No. 2), A_
S. Spence.T. E. Havens, Joseph Mattoon,
F. Petersen, J. D. Maxwell, Dr. F. Bozan
and Mr. Hendry.
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 1060 Shares 1
I Now Selling 1
I At $1.40|
Tou have watched ether Oil Stocks M
J, ' advance steadily, and wished you had H
a bought when they were low. Our stock. I
S will be sold as follows: IS
I Sept. 15 to Sept. 25.... 1600 shares at SI 40 I
S Sept 25 to Oct. 6 1000 shares at 180 ■
«j Oct. 5 to Oct. 15 1000 shares at 2 20 ■
B Oct. 15 to Oct. 25 1000 shares at 2 60 I
•f Oct. 25 to Nov. 5 1000 shares at 3 00 ■
a Nov. 5 to Nov. 16 1000 shares at 3 40 ■
F Nov. 15 to Nov. 25 1000 shares at BSO I
t Nov. 23 to Dec. D 1000 shares at 420 ■
ra Deo. 5 to Dec. 13 1000 shares at 4 60 H
i Dec. 15 to Dec. 25 1000 shares at 'fi 00 I
I 257 PER CENT PROFIT 1
I BY CHRISTMAS, \)
[ And 1000 per cent when, oil Is struck ??
; Come in on the ground floor. Wi
-« PROSPECTUS FREE. •'. |
| BIG PANOCHE OIL CO., I
< Adams Building, 206 Kearny St., ft
' San Francisco- ■■;)
I OPEN EVENINGS. Eg
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
SVEA
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF GOTHENBURG, SWEDEN, ON THE
31st day of December, a. D. 1898, and for
tl*» year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash ._ $533.333 33
ASSETS. "~~
Real Estate owned by Company $703,200 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 2.735,077 24
Cai-h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,333,654 84
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 972, 97
.rash in Banks 57,968 79
Cash in Company's Office
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 66,914 78
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 194.463 31
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Rinks
Rents due and accrued '
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.... 250,837 6S
Total Assets t .$7.314.237 81
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense $106.666 67
Losses resisted, Including expenses.. .
Gross premiums en Fire Risks run-
. ning one year or leys, $ ; re-
insurance £0 per cent. Gross pre«
miums on Fire Risks running more
than one year, $ : reinsur-
ance pro rata 543,287 79
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ : reinsurance 50 per.
Liability' under' Life' Department 4,802.980 W
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 12,139
Ml other demands against the Com-
pany ■ 247,798 46
Total Liabilities .$5,818,873 47
INCOME. " ~~~
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,350,801 39
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums ;
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 252,844 08
Received for Rents 41,969 19
Received from all other sources 1,001,880 86
Total Income .$2.877,495 22
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ — — . losses of pre-
vious years $570,685 44
Net amount paid for Marine • Losses
(including $ , losses of pre-
vious years)
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid nr allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 478,474 29
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 132,752 3S
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 17,187 06
All other payments and expenditures 1,307,000 82
Total Expenditures .$2.506.149 99
Fire. .
Losses incurred during the year $570,685 44
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year .. 7.. $391,390,452 $2,035,462 81
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year f....... 173,489,061 ,842,23105
Net amount in force
December 31, 1338..... ■ 196,831,322 1,095,336 88
OLOF WUK, President.
ERNST BRING, Secretary.
Subscribed and (swf>rn to before me this Ist
day of April, 1899.
GUDM. AKERMARK. Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL ACENTB,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ADVERTISEMENT S.
GOLDEN GATE
Cloak ani SHit House
1230-1232-1234 Market St.
Tb« Largest Exclusive CloaK and Suit
House West of New York.-
OUR STRONGEST
LEADERS:
GOOD QUALITY! PERFECT FIT!
POPULAR PRICES!
TAILOR-MADE SUITS.
The vary latest styles, perfect fitting,
$15 to $60.
NEW STYLE JACKETS.
Kersey, Covert Cloth and Whip Cord, made
by competent tailors, perfect fitting,
$10 to $50.
, CAPES. CAPES.
Golf, Velour, Cloth and Matlasse Capes in
great variety of styles and colorings,
$3.50 to $50.
FURS. FURS.
Scarfs, Collarettes, Capes,
Retailed at Wholesale Prices.
_____
New Silk and Woolen Waists at POPULAR
PRICES.
PETTICOATS.
Silk Moreen Petticoats at.
$3.60, $4 and $4.50
Wool Moreen Petticoats at
$2.50, $3 and $3.50
$3.SO— EXTRA SPECIAL — $3.50
75 new styles PLAID SKIRTS, double lining:,
corduroy binding, our regular CO Kfj
$5 skirts, at Odi JU ;
EXTRA SPECIAL.
100 MISSES GOLF CAPES, good frO Kfl
value at $s— extra special at.. ydi JU
AMUSEMENTS.
COMING BACK TOSAH FRANCISCO.
"•THE FASHION PLATE CIRCUS."
16TH AND FOLSOM SIS,,
Only Grounds Lares Enough in Thi» Cltjr.
NINE DATS, Beginning
SATURDAY, SEPT. 23,
EVERT AFTERNOON AT 2.
EVERT- NIGHT AT 8.
WALTER L JAIN'S
3-RING CIRCUS.
ifftiEA'^ A}sU \ • ( mral*\ THE VERY
*CAsl^\i9** V _jjft^>w : '''sL \tATCMr/>t9y£UT
MAMMOTH MENAGERIE.
RACING CARNIVAL.
DETACHMENT ROOSEVELT'S
ROUGH RIDERS.
CHILDREN'S MENAGERIE
RIDING PONY.
63-HORSE ACT.
TRULY MARVELOUS.
PERFORMED BY ONE MAN.
MARTINQ~LOWANDE,
The Greatest Bareback Somersault Rider In
the World.
AND 100 OTHER GREAT ACTS.
GRAND NICHT PARADE
FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 22.
Reserved Keats at Will & Fin.-k's, SIS Market.
W^ 6 ** Aeii B fc *■?#§• -ir% txcat?.b
Opening of the FALL SEASON— MONDAY,
t September 2!..
ASSISTED BY JOHN E. KELLERD
And company of players, under the manage-
ment of MB. JOHN C. FISHER, in a series
of artistic and scenic productions of the classic
drama.
Engagement Will Open .With Mr. Clinton Stu-
art's New Historical Tragedy,
MARIE ANTOINETTE.
Other Plays tr> Be Announced Later. Seats on
Sale THURSDAY MORNING.
OLYMPIA <?<?Z\<tl-6
The only free vaudeville show In the city.
See New Mural Decorations by Famous Artists
Famous New York Favorite,
....RUTH NELTA....
Singing Comedienne.
The Real Thing In Rag Time,
ZOA MATTHEWS
Don't fall to see her while you have a chance.
CIRDELLER BROS.
I'antomlmists Contortionists.
A Dream In Tights,
LOUISE KEESINC
Will Sing Some New and Original Sonj?s.
And a Host of Other First-class Attractions.
Matinee Every Sunday. Admission Free.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERY FRIDAY.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIEand HER LIONS.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
AN OPEN AIR ATTRACTION,
HARMON AND SEABURY,
World's Champion High Divers.
DON'T FAIL TO ' SEE " THE HERD' OF
ELEPHANT TURTLES.
SEVENTEEN IN NUMBER.
"How'd You Like to Be the Ice Man" Souve-
nirs for the Children To-day.
Phone for Seats, Park 23. '-.-,"'
AMUSEMENTS.
WEEK COMMENCInTsUNDAY MATINEE,
September 17th.
CffiHT-NEW AND ORIGINAL-pifiHT
t Uill NOVELTIES . 1/IUUI
. Eminent Comedy Stars
HALLEN3S
AND
I m^IFULLER
George M. Cohan's One- Act Comedy,
— I—"HIS1 — "HIS WIFE'S HERO."- ■
BRIGHT "BROTHERS
Sensational Athletes.
STINSON — MERTON
Comedy Sketch Artists.
TERRY LAMBERT
Singing Specialists.
BACHELOR CLUB
Can Act as Well a* Sin)?, and Will Present an
ENTIRE CHANGE OF PROGRAMME.
..CHARLEY CASE..
. Has More Family Scandal to Reveal.
CRAWFORD SISTERS
Character Change Artists.
Always Popular
HUNGARIAN BOYS'
MILITARY BAND
An Entire Change of Programme
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), Sept. 17.
Parquet 25c, any seat: Balcony lOo; Children
10c, any part. A few orchestra front
rows reserved at 50c.
UNION COURSING PARK.
TODAY, SUNDAY, September 17, 18W
OPEN STAKE
OF CHAMPIONS
AND
Crack Produce Stake
107 — NOMINATIONS ! — 167
$1110=Prize Money=slllo
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend sts., 11 a. m.,
12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia
sts., 5 minutes later. Returning after last
course. Extra train from Park, at 4:45 p. m.
San Mateo electric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION, 25 cents. LADIES FREE.
ALCAZAR
MATINEE TO-DAY—
TO-NIGHT— TIME.
THE IA/AOES OF SIN.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT,
LAUGHING WEEK.
The Funniest Comedy Yet.
TOO MUCH . .
JOHNSON . . .
PRICES 15c 25c, 35c, 50c.
MATINEE EVERY SAT. AND SUNDAY.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
LAST NIGHT OF "FATINITZA."
TO-MORROW EVENING,
RED-LETTER NIGHT OF THE SEASON.
Offenbach's World-Famous Comta Opera,
THE
DRUM MAJOR'S
DAUGHTER.
First Time of the Beautiful "White and Silver
March" by a Corps of Beautiful Girls.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES—
10c. 15c, 26c, 85c and 60c.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Offloe, Emporium. ■ I
MECHANICS' FAIR
AND
PHILIPPINE EXHIBIT.
MONDAY NIGHT!
THE CALIFORNIA VOLUNTEERS
ARE COMING.
SPECIAL MUSICAL PROGRAMME.
They'll be there MONDAY NIGHT under
COLONEL DUBOCE and MAJOR RICE.
WEDNESDAY MACCABEES NIGHT |
CONCERTS AND AESO&TS.
SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
THURSDAY EVENING, SEPT. 21.
RECEPTION RECITAL
MISS CLARA KALISHER, Contralto.
Assisted by FRANK COFFIN, Tenor, and H.
* J. STEWART, Accompanist.
Reserved Seats, $1 CC. One Sale at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, SEPT. 17, AT 2:30 P. M.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME.
SWIMMING RACES FOR
VALUABLE PRIZES.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, including: admission, 25c; children. 20c.
OPEN NIGHTS.
GLEN PARK.
ON SAN MATEO ELECTRIC LINE.
ADMISSION 10c.
Balloon Ascension This Sunday.
VALUABLE GATE PRIZES from the "EM-
PORIUM."
OPEN TO ALL— BICYCLE RACES and ATH-
LETIC COMPETITIONS for CASH and VALU-
ABLE PRIZES. ■- '
AMUSEMENTS.
toSomahw
Owing to the Enormous Success and Tre-
~>, mendous Furor Created by
"LDHEMCRir
, . AND . .
"OTHELLO,"
The Two Operas Will Be Continued Next Week.
"LOHENGRIN"
Will Be Sung on Monday, Wed-
nesday, Friday and Satur-
day Evenings.
The bill for Tuesday, Thursday,
Sunday Nights and Saturday
Matinee Will Be
OTHELLO
"OTHELLO" Will Be Given To-Night.
The sale of seats for next week is the
greatest on record.
POPULAR PRICES - - - 25 and 50 Cents
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
(i^MeyoßTf
When requested, the resorts mentioned
in this column will send you circulars
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
/UNA SPRINGS..
..- - '.vv-. '■■■ ■ .'. . ■ :-,■■;■<■::.. ~\'~ r -'- :':■''■ ''■'
Had you not tetter
take a vacation ? You
jvill live longer and be
healthier.
Rates, $10 to $14 per week. Round trip, $7.
Apply W. L. MITCHELL, Aetna Springs, Napa
County, or J. H. SIMPSON. Odd Fellows'
building, S. F. Telephone, Mint 1835.
■ f^. y
YOUR SUMMER OUTING.
Health are Hotel
and ' . assured del
Pleasure at Coronado
Bend for Pamphlets, Terms, Etc
Reduced Summer Rates now in Effect.
Apply at 4 New Montgomery st., 8. F.
SKAGGS'HOTSPRIHGS
SONOMA COUNTY; ONLY 4% HOURS
from San Francisco and but 9 miles' stag-
ing; waters noted for medicinal virtues; best
natural bath in State; swimming and boating:
grand mountain scenery; pood trout streams at
door: photographer's room, telephone, tele-
graph, daily mail and express; FIRST-CLASS
HOTEL AND STAGE SERVICE: morning and
afternoon stages; round trip from San Fran-
cisco only $5 50. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 2:80 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or $12 a
week. References, any guest or the past four
years. Patronage constantly increasing— last
year unprecedented. J. F. MTTLGREW, Prop.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, 'fess*
Up In the mountains, near the ;
laKes end In trje heart of Lak.e
County's mineral belt. Tal^a
train via Uklah.
ROUND TR1P....59.50.
J. MARTENS, Prop.- City Office, 416 Fins Street
Highland SPRINGS.
Tf* HE test Deer Hunting, Mineral Waters.
■ ' Baths and accommodations In Lake Coun-
ty, can be had at Highland Springs.
Fall terms, $10 to $12 per week. Coma whll«
the hunting Is good. J. CRAIG. Manager.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Summer.
BOATS FREE TO GUESTS. FINE FISH-
lng. Excellent table. Clean beds and care-
ful attention to patrons. Climate perfect. Six-
teen miles from Truclcee. In the heart of the
Sierras and surrounded by magnificent trees or
an unbroken forest. The Ideal spot for families
because it Is clean, no poison oak no pests,
and pure air and pure water. Address MRS.
H. M. CLEMONS. Independence Lake. , ,
BOCA HOTEL.
CtVFST HUNTING AND FISHING ONTHE
boaJnTon* rS""K;^
S|t!LjLVM^A«^^
LAUREL del
LAKE AND HOTEL.
CLIMATE SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
J none better In Lake Cc^a^indoor^and
napTsodasprings.
TWO TRAINS DAILY, 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON. Napa Soda Springs P. O.
HOTEL SANTA CRUZ. Sajita Cruz. Cal.
First-class Family and Commercial HoteL
This hotel is located on the corner of Locust
and Vine streets, one block from the Court-
house. Rates, $1 to $2 per day. Special rates
to families. CHARLES HENDERSON. 301
Montgomery st. -
...DO mar...
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting lhs
country, seaside or springs during tha Sum-
mer months can hava "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying, for sams
at the Business Office or by -order through
carrier.
...TERMS..,
15 Cents ............ ......per Week
65 Cents pep Month
+O9TAQE PAID.SOCIETY
TECH out-of-town season in now prac
tically aver, and one by one town
houses are being reopened and made ;
ready for winter guyeties.
Last week was one that was not cal
culated to make social history. With the
exception of the Cunningham-Folder wed
ding there were no functions of any im
portance.
The next -wedding of Interest is the Mar- i
tin-Goad wedding. Invitations have been ;
Issued for the marriage by Mr. and Mrs. j
Osgood Hooker. The ceremony will take
place on Tuesday, September 26, at noon,
at the Goad residence on Washington
street.
A number of San Rafael's enterprising '
young men have come together and |
formed a social organization unique both j
In purpose and name, which is the Ancient
Order of lobsters. The avowed purpose
of the club, as expressed In its constitu
tion, is "to find ways and means of
whiiing away the long weeks of winter in
a pleasant and healthful manner."
Dances, entertainments and excursions
will be major features of the club pro
gramme for the winter. The officers and
charter members of the Lobsters are as
follows: President, Dr. William May;
vice president, William Zanders; secre
tary, Harry Koch; treasurer, Ted Ma lone;
J. Kelly, Dr. Sawyer and J. Kerrigan.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Agnes Mears Bailey, daughter of Mrs.
Mary Bailey, to William Grenwell Hous
ton.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker, the
Misses Alice and Birdie Rutherford and
Alexander Rutherford have returned
from Del Monte and are at the Palace
Hotel.
Mrs. William Thomas and the Misses
Mary and Helen Thomas have returned
from their visit to Lake Tan
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney M. Smith and Miss
Bertha Smith left on Tuesday for San Ra
fael, where they will spend several weeks.
Miss Helen Smith is expected to return
from Honolulu on the next steamer. Mrs.
Lansdnie has arrived in Philadelphia,
where she will remain for some time.
Mr. and Mrs. Edgar B. Carroll have re
turned from Di Monte.
Miss Ella Morgan has returned from Del
Monte and Miss Therese Morgan from San
Rafael, where she has been spending the
past three months.
Andrew Martin came up from Monte
cito Friday and will remain until after
his wedding on September -26.
Mrs. M«iVutt, Miss McNutt and Miss
Ruth McNutt returned recently from their
trip to Europe.
Mrs. O. V. Chllds and Miss Childs of
Los Angeles have returned from Del
Monte, where they hare been spending
the past month, and are now at the Pal
ace Hotel, preparatory to returning to
their home In Los Angeles.
Mr. ami Mrs. Samuel Knight returned
last week from their summer home at
Lake Tahoe to their residence here, owing
to the illness of Mrs. Knight* who has s
slightly Improved since her turn.
Mr. and Mrs. .1. Downey Harvey, with |
their two daughters, arrived in New York
last neck. Mr. and Mrs. Harvey expect
to turn soon, and the Misses Harvey
will return u> th« :i school In New York.
Miss Nellie KUlyer and M - • Eila Good
all are traveling Kbroad.
Miss Ethel Hager has returned from Del
Monte and is now at the Hotel Rafael,
where she will remain the balance of the
season.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Baldwin, after
a short visit to Miss Eyre at her home in
Menlo, went to . ingame, wher* they
were the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Frank J.
Carol an.
Mr and Mrs. Russell J. Wilson and Mr.
and Mrs. Robert K. Nuttali were the
guests <if Mr. and Mrs. George A. Pope
at their home in Burlinga'me over the
horse show on Friday ana Saturday last.
Mrs. Hotighton and Miss Minnie Hough
ton are at the Hotel Vendome, San Jose.
Mrs. Richard H. Sprague is here on a
visit to h<»r parents. Judge and Mrs. Will
iam T. Wallace.
Miss Newlands has returned to the city
from a visit to Mr. and Mrs. Joseph D.
Grant at their home in Buriingaxne.
Mr. and Mrs. R. .1. Woods have ™-
turned from a short visit to Miss Bessie
Shreve at her home near San Mateo.
Mr. and Mrs. George H. Lent and Miss
Hooker were the guests of Mrs Newhall
and George A. Newhall over Saturday and .
Sunday last, and have sim been the
guests" of Mr. and Mrs. Mountford S. Wll
eon and Miss Bessie Shreve at their home
In Burlingame.
They're Engaged
Mr. and Mrs. William Lissner announce
the engagement of their daughter Rose,
to Harry Malier. They will receive their
lay, September 24, from 2
to 5. at 72'>F Bush Btreet
The engagement of <;. Casner and Miss
Jf-imi>- B. Morris is announced. At home
Sunday, Beptember 24, at 922 Geary Btreet,
from 2 to 5 p. m.
'J lie engagement is announced of Miss
Rae Pechn<T of this city and L. 11. Levy
<>f Fresno. They will receive Sunday,
September 24. between 2 and j o'clock, at
the residence of Miss Pechner, J214 Steiner
Mr. and Mrs. Schiller announce the en
gagement of their only daughter, Marian
T. Schiller, to Henry Isaacs of Aram-rila,
Texas. . . ._.
The engagement is announced of M.'ss
Miriam Wolfe, sister of Senator K.
Wolfe, to Major F. Pease of the North
Dakota regiment, U. S. V. They will be
happy to receive their friends to-day at
C 47 Baker street.
Wedding Bells.
A very prettj- wedding took place on
Tuesday evening. September 12, at Court
land, Sacramento County, the principals
telng W. J- French, well and favorably
known in San Francisco as noble grai:'l
nity Lodge No. m, I. O. O. F. and
er of San Francisco Typographical
Xo. 21, and Miss Eva Dcn.n, e.uest
ter of Mr. lJea.n. the w>ll-known
irdist of Courtland. The nappy
• for Sacramento after the wed
ding a;. <} the next day started on their
honeymoon, trip to Santa Cruz.
A" very pretty we3dlng took place Tues
evenln*. the mh inst.. at the home
of Mr. end Mrs. Martin Spellman of 3A
Eureka Ktreet, the contracting partif-s be-
Ing Mart B. Spellman ;md Miss Uzzie J.
(onwell. Tho ceremony was performed
by the Rev Father Nugent, only relative*
and intimate friends of both parties be
ing present. The bride was attended by
her FlFi»r, Miss Annie Conwell, and tne
groom by his brother. George Spellman.
After the ceremony a very elaborate sup
per w,-;.h served at the home of the groom,
the house being tastefully decorated for
ccaslon with smilaz and evergreens.
v\ft<»r many well wishes for their fumr
happiness the couple left for a short
honeymoon through the southern part of
s ■ ate.
The wedding of Miss Bertie Frances An
and Georee c. Hinkley took
I'lapo at Trinity Episcopal Church, Oak
land, Tuesday evening. August 20. Miss
Dunstan i ffl ated as maid of honor
and J I kley was best man. The
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
?2rs6>?*^XB!B Is remove", by Dll. and MRS.
jgjrV*jflStSK A - W. TRAVERSE. l>onoho«
tif^'iixf&Jßm ■ lv " di ' IK.1 K. 1170 Market »t., cor.
Kv<?s2i /jl^D a |or . rooms tt Z9, with the
BKL?PfT»ir *sl ''"■' rl '' needle, without pain or
".SCvfHV ' >« I "' ! '- r - Molea, warts, wrinkles,
■HDP — i- <! 5" olnckheads, ' frcok^ls, blrtn-
'•»«« k^JHH marks ' •''•■ ■■ a3st removed. Per-
iOffllnß^U* raaßeni ■• guaranteed. Hours, 1
tMataxsajsaimi to 4 p. m.
LOIB FULLER
Us«a the b^st «kfn food and tlnrue builder, .
BRAHMAN TOILET CREAM.
bride was attirod In a fawn Bilk poplin, !
trimmed with lace and chiffon. She car- i
rled a bouquet o* briae roses. u»-d i
with white satin streamers. The happy
couple will spend their honeymoon travel-
Ing through the southern portion of the
State, and will return to Oakland the
early part of October.
On September 7 MJss Cecelia Herman, j
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. George W. Ilar
iTian, waa Joined In wedlock to Joseph 3.
Warren, a well-known pharmacist of this
dtjr. The wedding took place- at the resi
dence of the- bride's parents. 1410 Grove j
street, in the presence of a large number
of friends. Promptly at S o'clock the
bridal party entered the parlors to the
strains of the wedding march from "Lo
hengrin" and Htood under a canopy of
maidenhair ferns, smllax and pink and
white sweet peas*. The bride was given
away by her rather. The Rev. Mr. L»ion of
the Episcopal church performed the cere- ]
inony. Miss Clara Harter acted as maid
of honor and Dr. Halstead as best man.
The bride was gowned in white silk orna
mented with blue lover's knots of Valen- ■
ciennes lace. Her ornaments were a dia
mond brooch, the gift of her mother and
an heirloom in the family, and a diamond
hairpin, a gift of the groom. The maid i
of honor was attired in white orgundie ;
over blue Bi!k. During the ceremony |
Professor Meyer rendered very effectively
"Call Mv Thine Own." After the hearty
congratulations of friends all took seats
in the dining-room, where a bountiful
supper waa served. Captain George W.
Wittman was toa.stmaster. The nealth
of the bride and groom was drunk and re
sponded to many times. During the even
ing Miss Donnelly and Miss Hicks gave
some recitations. Miss Harter and toreat
Adams favored with vocal and instru
mental selections. Mr. and Mrs. Warren |
will make a short honeymoon trip to the j
Hlue Lakes, uj:d upon their return will
rt-slde permanently In this city. Among
the gu>'Sis present were: Mr. and Mrs.
George W. Harinaji. Rev. Mr. Lion, Misa
Clara Harter, Dr. Halstead, Captain and
Mrs. George \V. Wittman, Mr. Morgan ;
and daughter. Forest E. Adams, Mr. and
Mrs. John S. Adams, Arthur Cohen, Mrs.
Schmidt, Mr. Donnelly and Miss Donnel
ly Mr. and Mrs. B. Harter, Mr. and Mrs. j
Meyer, Mrs. Hicks and Miss Hicks. Mm.
Bond, Mr. and Mrs. Dunlevy, Mrs. Bloch,
Dr. and Mrs. Hurnhand. Charles Abram
son, Mr. and Mrs. George W. Morse and
Barney Hirsch.
Mr Robert L. Donald and Miss Eliza
b< th Chapman, daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
T. F. Chapman, were- married last Wed
nesday evening at the home of the bride' a
parents, 1-U Bast Fourteenth street. Oak- ;
[and. Key, Dr. Dille performed the cere
mony in the presence of the immediate
family and a few friends of the bride and
groom.
Mr. and Mrs. Donald are graduates of
Stanford University, both being members
of the < lasa <>f '95. The groom is a mem- i
• Delta Tau Delta fraternity and
of the class societies Sigma Sigma and
Theta Nu Epsilon. In nis senior year
he was editor-in-chief of the Daily Palo
Alto, The bride is a member of Kappa
Kappa Gamma.
Mr. Donald is a civil engineer in the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific and for the
present will reside with his bride In the
southern part of the State.
• lards are out announcing the marriage !
ol William < all Cuibert and Miss Anna!
Crothers in San Francisco on Wednesday.
September 6. Mr. and Mrs. Cuibert wul
receive aft< r Beptember 20, at their home,;
1916 Pacific a venue.
Emlle Ualler and Miss Lottie Stolz, '
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Stolz, ;
married last Tuesday evening at
thy home of the bride's parents, 126 ;
i;n street. Owing to the recent
death of the groom's sister the affair was
a \> ry quiet family one. A canopy of
white and pink roses, feme and smllax
was placed in the front parlor, where the
my was performed by Rev. J. ;
Fuendeling of St. Markus Church. Miss
Gussi< Stolz whs the maid of honor and
H. Martin the bes-t man. The bride wore ;
a gown "f white organdie over white
satin trimmed with lover's knots and
white lace with sprays of orange bios- ■
soms. She carried a bouauet of bride's!
roses. The maid of honor was attired in
white mousseline md carried pink;
A supper was served after tho ,
ag. Many beautiful presents were
received. Mr. and Mrs. Haller left for
t!i>- s>nith. and on thfir return will occupy
their new home which has just been com- ,
pleted on fierce street, near Waller.
China Wedding.
Asspmtilvman and Mrs. IT.* M. T.e P>aron
celebrated the twentieth anniversary of
their marriage on the Ist of £■?•=; >tr-mr>pr at
their beautiful residence in Valley Ford.
Their many friends came from far and
nenr to join In the festivities of the occa
sion and offer their congratulations. Therc>
were also many letters of regret from
thos< friends who were unable t<> attend.
The house and grounds were beautifully
decorated for ttv occasion, and presented
a very pretty effect In the evening, when
the lights from many Chinese Lanterns
Illuminated the grounds. Refreshments
were served .it tete-a-tete tables on the
porch and lawn. Many beautiful and
gifts were received. Those who as-
Ststed in receiving the guests were Mrs.
Merritt, Mrs. Hitchcock and Mrs. n. w.
1 .. Baron. The following guests wer»
present; Mr. and Mrs. M. I>. Merritt aim
Miss L. Wygant from Oakland; Mr. and
Mrs. George P. McNear, Mr. Lawrence
and Mrs. Winans of Petkluma; Mr. and
Mrs. H. W. Le Baron. Adelbert Le Ba
ron, the Misses Grace and Mabel L<- Ba
ron md Mr. and Mrs. L. V. Hitch
cock and son, Santa. Rosa; Mr. and Mrs.
E. Shaw, Sebastopol; Miss Katie Hamp
ton, San Francisco; Mrs. Emily and < '.
Wilson, Solano Jounty; Mrs. T. Poole and
Miss Poole, Cloverdale; Mr. and Mrs.
Limebaugh, Two Rock; Mr. and Mrs.
fieorge Burbank. Tomales; Mr. and Mrs.
M. Mitchell and the Misses A. and E.
Blake, Bloomiield; Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Cheney, Mr. and Mrs. .1. McCrea, Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Williams and Miss Julia
Williams, Bodega; Mr. and Mrs. W.
Thomas, the Misses M. and N. Thomas.
Mr. and Mrs. Robertson, J. A. Robertson,
Miss Ivy Robertson, Mr. and Mrs.
I>. Hakes, A. P. Gayer, -son and
daughter. Miss Susan Gayer, Mr. and
Mrs. J. C. Cook and two daughters, Mrs.
K. and Miss Lou Pressley, J. Pressley,
}•'. Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. M. J. I'ellas
cis, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Reinoehl, J. Klein.
Miss Grace Klein, S. H. Pellascis, Mrs.
J. IT. Jenkin?. Mi?s Alice Weeks, Fr<-«
Keppel, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Smith, Mr.
ami Mrs. H. M. Le Baron. Masters Ar
thur, Monte, Ray, Bert, Clyde and Harri
son Le Baron, Valley Ford.
rioroe Gatherings.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
tendered Henry Wllshusen, at his resi
dence, 1612 Eleventh street. West Oakland,
on Thursday evening last, In honor of Mr.
Wilshusen's return from a pleasure trip
to Europe. The feature of the evening
was the beautiful playing- of Mrs. Huf
schmidt, accompanied by the singing of
the well-known soprano. Miss V. Marl- j
cich. Henry Hufsehmidt acted as band
master. The evening was pleasantly
Bpent In music and games. Among ttios.'
present were: Corporal John C. Wulbern.
First California Volunteers, Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Wilshusen, Mr. and Mrs. H. nry
Hufschmidt, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Geerdts,
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Donzelmann, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Maricich, Mr. and Mrs. D. Men
gola Miss Frances Mengola, Miss Veron
ica Maricich. Miss A. Koltz, Miss J. Bay
ly, Miss E. Bayly, Miss L. Donzelmann.
Miss F. Donzelmann, Miss M. Donzel
mann, Mis.-; Lily Wulbern, Miss S. Boland,
A. Kelnecke, Z. Keeney, Walter Huf
echmidt, John Wilshusen, Master Henry
Wllshusen, Master Louis Maricich anil I
Mlfs Esther Maricich.
On Thursday evening, September 7,
a reception was tendered to Lieu
tenant G. K. Kingsland, chief engineer of
the transport Sherman, at his home, 524
Hill Ptreet. At $ o'clock a charming pro
gramme was presented, the chief feature
being the production of various scerves
from "The Geisha." The participants
were attired in typical Japanese cos
tume?, and under the soft light of colored
lanterns formed a lovely- picture. Re
freshments were served In Japanese style,
and music and dancing followed till th.
"wee. sma' hours." Among those present
were: Lieutenant and Mrs. G. It. Kings
land Lieutenant and Mrs. N. H. Tobln,
Mr and Mrs. Burness, Mr. and Mrs. Ho
mer Fritch, Lieutenant Seely, Mrs. H.
Turkington, the Misses Fairchlld, Mr.
Kerr Mr. Molntyre. Mr and Mrs. F. M.
Fairc'hild Miss Ethel Kingsland, Mr. Lar
«en L A. Gibbons, Mrs. A. L. WilliamH
and daughter. Mrs. R. H. Falrohild, Mrs.
W A Johnston, Miss Reed, Master Ray
mond' Klnfifßland and Miss Alice Kings
l3 A very enjoyable evening was spent at
the residence of Mrs. Charles Mayer, »)38
sixteenth street, Thursday evening, Sep
tember 7 in honor of the return of her
brother George J. Mayer, from Manila.
The evening was spent in games, music
'"j dancing. Among the features of the
evening waf a cakewalk. The rooms and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
taM« were tnstefully decorated in the na
ttnrm! eolorH. At 11 o'clock a delightful
repast 'was served. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mayer, Mr. and
Mrs. Charle- Mayer Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. H.
Price, Miss Annie Mayer, Lieutenant
Swan. Sergeant H. Pohlman, Miss Jennie
Aherne. Artificer George Mayer, Miss A.
Kelly. Corporal Eugene Aherne, Miss E.
Price, Corporal Jemerson, Mr. Cushion,
Albert Mayer, Master W. W. Mayer, H.
Price and Misses T. and Sybil Price.
A most enjoyable reception was tendered
a few of the California volunteers at 4'J :
Elgin Park September 2. After a sump- ]
tuoua repast at midnight games and dane- j
ing w*re Indulged in until the "wee, sma'
hours" of the morning. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. C. Bauer,
Mrs. A. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. C. K. Bauer,
Mrs. E. McVey, Misses Tillie Bauer, Ber
tie Bauer. Delphine Larson, Nita Moore,
Laura Nelll. Mamie Jefferson. Lena
Mu<>re, Nellie Rowe, Nellie Appleton, Mol
lie Wolfson, Bertha Kasser, Esta Levy |
and Louise Owensteln; Musician W. T.
Pidwell, Gene Simpson, Don Ray, Bert I
Condy, E. Smith, tugene Harwoud, St. '
Clalr Moore, Sergeants Woodbury and Ed
Mead of Colorado, Otto Levy, Max Rosen
back, Phil Bauer, Joe Feld, Ed Baloun, |
Leon Blngley and Master A. Bauer.
On 'Wednesday evening last at Mips
Meta Asher's concert Mrs. Dr. Benjamin
of Oroville gave a box party to a number
of ladies, among them being Rose Hart- !
wick Thorpe, author of the famous "Cur- j
few" poem; Mrs. Mary E. Hart, Miss
Owens and others.
A very pleasant evening was spent Sep
tember 11 at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
George Washburn, in honor of Captain
Winston, who Is about to join his regi
ment in Manila. Among the pleasant
features of the evening were a cake walk !
by Miss Grace Friar and Harry Dilmer, I
a recitation by Miss Ethel G. Farley and
a piano duet by Miss Farley and Nelson
Collier Jr. Those present were Mr. and
Mrs. George Washburn, Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Reynolds, the Misses Edna Smith,
Grace Friar, Ethel Farley. Eier Gibson,
Bessie Reynolds, Wanita Masser, Laun
Kaiser, Captain Winston, Dr. Burnnn, |
George Kass, Willis Mcßeen. Harry Dil
mer, Bert yon Rhein. Walter Cook, Will
Sturpis and Nelson Collier.
Miss Kittie G. McCarthy gave a party
last Sunday evening at the home of her
sister, Mrs. Walter E. Anderson. 121?.
Santa Clara avenue, Alameda. Dancing,
singing and games were participated In, j
but the main features of the evening were |
the cake walk, danced by Thomas Smith i
and Miss Lizzie Sullivan, and Charles !
II a user with his graphophone. Amon?
the guests were Mr. and Mrs. Walter K.
Anderson. Miss Kittle McCarthy, Miss j
Nora Cron<\ Miss Julia Buckley, Misses i
Lizzie, Annie and Mamie Sullivan; Ser
geant Aitken, Company A. First Califor- (
nla Volunteers, and T. Smith.
An enjoyable birthday surprise party
was given to Miss Josephine Regan on j
Saturday evening, September 2, at |
her home. 2"0 Minna street. The evening i
was spent in dancing, singing and games.
At a late hour supper was served.
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
Bell, 2645 Howard street, Thursday even-
Ing. September 7, a reception was given
to W. K. Bush, a returned First Cali
fornia volunteer. During the evening Miss
Theresa Cornyn and Miss Leah Bell en
tertained the gxiests with singing and
piano playing, and Miss Edna Gagle with
fancy dancing. Thoso present were: Miss
EL Fuendeling, Miss D. Fuendeling, Miss
E. Fuendeling. Miss M. Guilliame. Miss
M. Guilliame. Miss N. Guilliame, Miss L.
Kornmnyer, Miss H. Knrnmayer, Miss C.
McKlnnon, Mr. E. Lutely, Mr. E. Lar- j
son, Mr. L. T^e Brlnna, Mr. H. Schroeder, I
Mr. Q. Marshal, Mr. C. Cordes, Mr. C.
Stelling, and others.
A delightful surprise party was tendered
to Mr. and Mrs. Henry Stelling by their
many friends Friday evening 1 , September
1. A pleasant time was spent in dancing
and playing games until midnight, when
a BUpper was served. Among those pres
ent were: Mis? Tout. Mrs. Knrnmayer,
Mrs. Zecker, Mrs. Palmer, Miss E. Todt, !
Miss M. Doerr, Miss L. Doerr, Miss Berg- j
feld.
An pn.loy.ible party and ro™ption was
given Thursday evening at the residence !
of Mr. and Mrs. Verrill of 2618 Howard |
Street by Miss Lillian Hembree and Miss'
Florence Yerrill in honor of several of the
officers of the Idaho regiment. A. F.
Williams, the popular young barytone, \
rendered several vocal selections, which
were well received. At midnight a sump
tuous repast was served. In which all <>f
the guests participated. Toasts were
responded to by several of
the officers. Among those pres
ent were: Major P. W. Mcßoberts
and Miss Lillian Hembree, Mr. and Mrs.
C. A. Wilson, Misses Bessie and Blanche
Balllie, Joseph Ledden and Miss Amelia ■
Ledden. Robert Clare and Miss Ethel
Clare. A. F. Williams. Marry Monre, Cap
tain B. O. Martinson. Lieutenant Ti. .7.
Syms, Lieutenant L. N. Ron?, Lieutenant
R. H Stalnton. Mis? Florence Verrill and
! Mrs. VerrllL
In trje Future.
Herman Gutstadt, past president of the
Independent Order of B'ne R'rlth, and
Mr?. Gutstadt will, on October 1. celebrate
the twenty-ftfth anniversary nf their wed
dlng at their residence, 9m>> Lombard
street. Reception from 1 to 5 in the after
noon.
Til.- "Winter Cotillon Club is now or- .
EHJiiziiiK for Its fourth season, and will
give i t s opening "at home" the latter end
nf November.
Th" Deux Temps will open their '99-00
season at Golden Gate Hall on Friday
evening, September 29.
The Tuesday Night nun will hold the
first cotillon of its second season in Co
tillon Hall. Polk Street, <>n Tuesday even
ing. S'-pt^mli^r 19. Figures of the german
wlil be led by W. S. Reed. The member
ship of the Tuesday Night Club has he.>n
reduced. Officers and members are as fol
lows: A. L. Llssner (president). C. W.
Iverson (secretary), G. Farr>>ll (treasurer),
YV. S. Reed, G. F. Johnston, A. A. Reed,
E. T. Lamp** and E. Kaloun.
Th<-> third rehearsal of the second sea
son of the Ladies' Musical Club of San
Francisco will take place on Monday. Sep
tember 18 at 3 o'clock, in Druids Hall,
413 Butter' Street The oluh is doing ex
cellent work under the able direction of
I.1 '. P. Hughes. There are a few vacancies,
in the limited membership, which It is |
hoped will be filled by the end of the
month. A cordial invitation is extended
to ladles interested in ensemble singing.
Solos will be rendered by Mrs. F. Wasley
and Miss Walker.
The Pleasure Seekers have pent out In
vitations for the fifth party at Teehau
Hall 117 Mason street, on Tuesday even
ing, September 26.
Club Parties.
lieutenant George T. BaUtnger, Com
pany A. First Regiment California United
States VolunteerSj was tendered a recep
tion and banquet by his fellow members
of the Young Men's Holy Name Society
of St. Dominic's Church on last Monday
evening at St. Dominic's Hall, Pine and
Steiner streets. Extensive preparations
were made by the committee in charge,
the hall being profusely decorated with !
palms and evergreens, while the national
colors were everywhere to be seen. The
principal event of the evening was the
presentation of a handsome silk flag to
Lieutenant Ballinger. The presentation
speech was made by George M. Kelly,
past president of the society. Lieutenant
Ballinger was completely taken by sur
prise. Responding to the presentation
speech he heartily thanked the members
for the honor shown him on thin occa
sion and dwelt for a considerable time
upon the events of the campaign in the
Philippines. His mention of the many
brave deeds and gallantry of the United
States soldiers was greeted with great ap
plause, as well as the mention of the
names of Brigadier General James F.
Smith and Rev. Father McKinnon, chap
lain of the First California Volunteers.
The appearance of Rev. Father McKin
non was signalized by a spontaneous out
burst of applause, continuing for several
minutes.
President R. J. Roche, in the course of
his address, read from the clippings of
newspapers of the deaths of two members
nf the society, who were killed in action,
viz.. Dr. John F. Gibbons, In the Philip
pines, and Adolph Newhouse. Fifth Uni
ted States Artillery , in Porto Rico.
The following programme was rendered,
James B." Coffey acting as toastmaster:
Address of welcome. President Richard J.
Roche; song, William R. O'Neill; toast,
"The Church in the Philippines," Very
Rev. Father Murphy, O. P.; violin solo,
Joseph V. Costello; recitation, James B.
< 'uff.-y and Charles Coffey; toast. "Our
Society," Edward R. Myrick: "Our Sol
dier Boys," Rev. Father McKinnon; song.
Michael J. Ky.in; presentation of flag to
Lieutenant George T. Bollinger, United
States Volunteers, Past President George
M. Kelly; "On the Firing Line," Lieuten
ant George T. Balllnger; toast. "Our
Flag," William 11. Langdon; harmonica
solo, John Rowan; toa"t, "In the Ranks,"
John J. Rogers. Company A, California
Volunteers; recitation, James W. O'Brien;
toast. "Our Nation," Charles W. New
house; song. Thomas A. K. Ryan; re
marks, Rev. Father O'Rourke, O. P.; rec
itation, Thomas Lynch; toast. "Tho
Ladies," George M. Kelly; song and cho
rus. Y. M. H. N. Society.
Among the invited guests were: Lieu
tenant George T. Ballinger, First Cali
fornia Volunteers; Very Rev. Father
Murphy, O. P.; Rev. Father O'Rourke,
O. P.; Rev. Father Jones, O. P.; Rev. Fa
ther O'Connor. O. P.; Mr. Ballinger. Will
lam Ballinger, Charles W. Newhouse. John
J. P»ogers, California Volunteers; Clarence
Case, California Volunteers; Timothy J.
O'Leary, California Volunteers: Thomas
J. Sheerin, California Volunteers.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of James B. Coffey (chairman),
George M. Kelly. William Barry, Thomas
A. K. Ryan, Arthur J. Street, John Ken
ny Thomas J. O'Neill, John E. O'Connor,
Richard J. Roche and William R. O'Neill.
The entertainment given by the Triton
Swimming and Boating Club in honor of
Member Heilbron's return from the Ma
nila campaign, was a most enjoyable af
' fair. The clubhouse was very prettily
I decorated with innumerable Japanese j
j lanterns and flags, causing even old mem- i
bers to hardly recognize the place. An
eloquent oration was made by Member
Francis Pope, following which "Fighting
Joe" gave a description of the capture of
Manila, convulsing the audience with
funny personal incidents. The minstrel
show came next and each member proved
! himself 'a star. Dancing and refreshments
I concluded the evening's pleasures.
The committee in charge of the jinks
! was Messrs Adderley, Blum and Citron.
A bus ride which proved a grand suc
cess was taken by the employes of L.
Lebenbaum & Co. to Halfmoon Bay last j
Saturday evening. All kinds of sports j
were indulged in on Sunday and the city
was reached toward midnight Sunday.
The committee having the management
of the trip in hand was composed of
Messrs. Harry Watklns and Charles !
Casey, two of the most prominent em- ;
ploye's of the firm. The following went on
the trip: William Grace, H. Waldorff,
C Casey, Leo Popper, L. Lebenbaum Jr., !
F. Sullivan, Gus Pollack, Harry Watklns,
H. Meyerfeld, H. Korneck, M. Gans, A. :
Seibert, W Bock. Victor Watkins, Ai Pol- :
! lack, G. Shepston, G. Harrison, George
Byrnes, L. Burns, Bert Gans, L. Keogan. •
J. Hoffman, Al Meyerfeld, D. Fry, J.
Lund.
Personals. ,
Mrs. Joseph P. Carroll returned to her |
j home In Randsburg, accompanied by a ,
i large party of friends.
Miss Birdie Levy is in the city from her '
home In San P^dro visiting her relatives.
She is the guest of Mrs. N. Rosenthal,
30114 Grove street.
Miss 11. L. Davis has gone to Santa
Cruz for a two weeks' outing.
Mrs. I. Tobriner has removed from 2292
Bush street to 1615 Webster street, where ]
' she will be pleased to see her friends.
Mrs Fannie Cahn has removed from :
! 2292 Bush street to 1341 Eddy street where ,
I she will be pleased to see her friends.
Miss M. Callahan of 330 O'Farrell street 1
! left on the 29th ult. for New York to be j
I gone six weeks. ".'V , „,,
Mrs. William Willis and her niece. Miss 1
I Scott, are traveling through Southern Cal- ,
i ifornia. They will not return to the city !
I till October 15.
C. R. Hansen and family have returned :
from Capltola, where they spent the sum
mer months.
Dr Lv Ella Cool, who has been visiting
Glenbrook, Tahoe City, Emerald Bay and
Tallac, has returned to Haywards.
Mrs Richard Sarle of Sutter street. San !
! Francisco, Is spending the month of Sep
tember in Philadelphia and Washington,
D C, and will return home in November. ;
Professor W. T. Ross has just returned
from a three months' Eastern trip.
Mrs. S. B. Livingston (nee Rich), who ;
has been passing the past three months .
in San "Francisco, leaves for her home in !
New York City Sunday evening. ]
Mme. Biber left Monday for New York
to be gone about three weeks.
First Lieutenant D. I. Badlcy and wife
and Chaplain William D. Stephcnson and ;
: wife of the First Idaho Volunteers are j
the guests of Mr. and Mrs. S. Regens- i
burger, 1306 Ellis street
Mrs. Mary Prag and Mrs. Julius Kahn
are residing at 495 Geary street. They will i
be at home first and third Mondays.
The Lorlng Club has issued invitations !
for the first concert of the twenty-third I
■ season to be hold on Tuesday evening, J
September 26, nt Odd Follows" Hall.
Miss Eva Alexander of Los Angeles Is
! visiting her uncle. S. Mover, 224 Sixth
1 street, and will be pleased to see her
Mr. and Mrs. S. Hirschfelder will be
! pleased to see their friends at the Rich
-1 elieu on the Sundays of September 17 and
24 Mrs. Hlrschfelder will be at home on
the Mondays of September 18 and 25.
Mrs. A. wolf is visiting her sister, Mrs.
N. Levi. 912 Capp street.
Alex Mann and Mrs. J. Eppertshausen
will be at home the third Wednesday of
the month at their residence. 916 Post
street.
Los (Ingeles.
J. J. Fay- Jr. • entertained with a stag ;
dinner at his home on Adams street
Thursday. The affair was in honor of
a hunting party which returned from the
Oregon mountains last week and of which
Mr. Fay was a member. The table deco- j
rations were in pink carnations and ferns
and covers were laid for eight. The
guests were: Judge R. H. F. Variel,
Messrs E. T. Stimson, Fred Lyon, Drs. :
I E. R. Smith. M. L. Moore, W. W. Hitch
cock and Rogers.
Mrs. Z. D. Mathuss. West Seventh
street, entertained at' luncheon on
Wednesday In honor of Mrs. William ;
I McD. Shaw of Covlngton. Ky., who is
visiting her sister, Mrs. H. M. Russell. A
unique feature of the decorations was the |
absence of flowers in the dining-room,
where ferns were artistically arranged. :
: The other guests were: Mesdaxnes E. P.
Bosbyshell, Charles H. White, H. M.
Russell and Hoiloway.
Mrs. J. King, West Seventh street, en
' tertained with whist on Friday evening
i in honor of her husband's birthday anni
versary. The first prizes were won by ;
j Mrs. Lynn and Mr. Holton and the conso
lation prizes by Mrs. Holton and Dr.
Lynn. The guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
John M. Glass, Mr. and Mrs. Leithead,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Johnson, Mr. and Mrs.
Morrison, Dr. and Mrs. T. M. Lynn. Mr. ;
i and Mrs. G. Holton, Mr. and Mrs. K.
; Gilman; Mesdames Harriet Show, A.
Robertson; Messrs. Albert Glass and E.
Harry Baskerville entertained the Alpha
1 Chapter, Phi Delta Fraternity, with a
stag dinner on Thursday evening. Car
nations and ferns were used in the deco
rations of the drawing-room and in the
dining-room the fraternity colors were
gracefully draped about. The table dec
orations were of roses, ferns and ribbons, j
Those present besides the host were:
Fred W. Gillette, Jack Tebbets, Will
Reed, Sam F. Moulton and F. W. Salis-
Dr' and Mrs. W. L. Graves announce j
the engagement of their daughter, Miss
Emma Graves, to William A. Strong.
Mrs Albert Lester, Manitou avenue,
gave a matinee party on Friday last. The
chief feature of amusement during the
afternoon was a guessing contest, "De
Animates." Mrs. Aylesworth was award- j
ed first prize and Mrs. Hepenstall consola-
I tion Those present were: Mesdames F.
W Steddom, Charles Bradford, Frank
P. 'Flint Motley Flint, Allan Muir, Will
iam Mclntyre, Dave Martin William ;
White George Blbley, Howard Ayles
; worth' Charles Clark, William Hepen
stall Balfour and Stevens. ■.:•?,-;
Miss Marguerite Moore. South Figueroa
street entertained with a lawn party on
Friday in honor of Miss Anna Bias of
Santa Cruz. Besides the guest of honor
there were present: Mrs. Bert Williams
and the Masses Henrietta Janss. Ruble.
Kimball. Virginia and Ada Dryden Jessie
Hall Elsie Kimball, Inez Moore. Juliette
Phelps, Edith Whlttaker Pansy Whit
taker, Nannie Longley, Alice Harpham,
I Ada Ford Fanny Barber, Sabina Burks.
Adele Brodtbeck, Edna Bumlller, Pauline
Kntts and Bertha Pollard. West Ninth
Mr and Mrs. Merrlck. West Ninth
street, entertained the members of the
Sans Soucl Club on Thursday evening.
The evening was pleasantly passed with
: nrorrressive whist. Mrs. Huntlngton and
1 Mr Wild were awarded first prizes and
Mrs Wild and Mr. Smith consolations.
! The guests were: Mr. and Mrs. E. L.
Huntlngton. Mr. and Mrs. Percy Smith.
iMr and Mrs J. H. bonus Mr. and Mrs.
! A G Wild, Miss Alvlnia Burkardt and
Herbert L. Cornish.
Mrs Belle Premiss announces the en
gagement of her daughter. Miss Minnie
Prentlsa to Austin Guy Baldwin, former
! lv of Columbus. Ohio. The wedding is to
take place the latter part of October.
The Misses Lou Winder. Minnie Pren
tiss Bessie Bonsall. Messrs. Allan Fraser,
Sam Hasklns and A. Guy Baldwin formed
a house party at the Anderson cottage,
' Redondo, from Friday to Sunday. The
I young folks were chaperoned by Judge
\t high noon on Thursday Miss Cora
Grubbs and J. A. Graham were united in
marriage at St. John's Episcopal Church,
on West Adams street, by the Rev. B.
! W R Taylor. The ceremony was wit
-1 nessed by about a hundred relatives and
friends Mr. and Mrs. Graham will enjoy
their honeymoon at the Hotel del Core
nado and upon their return will reside in
On Thursday afternoon at 4 o'clock the
cornerstone of the new Friday Morning
Clubhouse, on the corner of Tenth and
Fieueroa streets, was laid. The ceremony
was very simple. President Mrs. J. F.
1 Sartori read a paper giving a history of
the Clubhouse Association. Mesdames
I Charlotte Wills and Caroline M. Sever
ance assisted in laying' the cornerstone.
Brigadier General and Mrs. Harrison
Gray Otis entertained the members of the
Times staff on Monday evening, at their
residence on Wilshire boulevard... The af
fair was in honor of the fortieth anniver
sary of their marriage.
A very pretty double wedding took place
on Thursday evening at the residence
Dr. and Mrs. C. F. Heinzeman on South
Grand avenue. The contracting Parties
were Miss Henrietta Heinzemaii and J. O.
Cashem and Miss Augusta Heinzeman
and Edwin H. Clark. The drawing-rooms
were decorated with white carnations ana
ferns. In the bay-window, where the
ceremones' were performed, an altar or
white carnations had been erected, ana
extending from that to the back drawing
room was an archway supported by col
umns of the same flower. The whole ar
rangement was exquisite and had the ap
pearance of a church aisle. At halt past
6 o'clock, to the strains of the Swiss wed
ding march, played by Arend's Orchestra,
the first couple entered. Father Antill ol
St. Vincent's Church performed the cere
mony. Miss Heinzeman was exquisitely
gowned in white duchess satin trimmed
with pleated chiffon- and point lace. The
costume, which was a beautiful creation,
was made witn a pleated chiffon skirt and
tunic of satin, edged with point lace ana
trimmed with point lace insertion. The
waist was made with a drop yoke or
tucked satin edged with point lace, and
the bodice was of pleated chiffon with
sleeves of the same material, tucked. She
! carried a bouquet of bride roses tied with
I broad satin ribbon. Half an hour later,
to the strains of the same wedding march,
the second couple entered. Rev. B. W.
R. Taylor of St. John's Episcopal Church
performed the ceremony. Miss Augusta
Heinzeman was also exquisitely gowned.
Her dress was of white taffeta with white
French silk mull over the same. The skirt
I was made with two pleated mull ruffles on
j the bottom and the tunic was of taffeta
i covered with silk mull ami edged with
■ pleated mull ruffles, headed with seed
pearls. The yoke and sleeves were of
shirred mull and at every shirring were
; rows of seed pearls. Point lace outlined
the drop yoke, and the bodice was of
tucked mull. The belt was of white satin
fastened with a gold buckle studded with
diamonds. The brides, who are charming
young ladies, are well known in Los An
' geles and have the best wishes of their
numerous friends. Mr. Cashem is the son
: of John Cashem. president of the National
! Ice Company in San Francisco, and Mr.
Clark, who Is a violinist and well known
! in Los Angeles musical circles, is the son
,of Marion Clark of Oakland. Mr. and
i Mrs. Cashem and Mr. and Mrs. Clark
left for the north, to be gone until Octo
j ber 1, and on their return will reside at
i their homes on Union avenue, which were
! a gift from the brides' father. Mrs.
j Cashem wore a going away gown of dark
j green cloth lined with plum-colored taf
feta and a hat of black and white wings.
! Mrs. Clark's gown was of rough brown
j goods lined with purple taffeta, and her
' hat was of brown la mode velvet, with
i brown taffeta silk and Pink roses.
Miss Maude Massac. Washington street,
entertained at whist on Tuesday evening.
] About thirty guests were present.
Mr. and Mrs. Lewis W. Blinn are at the
P.iUice Hotel in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Archibald Douglass and
family are at Long Beach for a few
; weeks. . ; . -'•■'.:■.-
Harley Hamilton has returned from San
1 Francisco, where he went to assist In
: the reception of the soldiers.
Miss Rowenn Moore, daughter of Chief
Moore, is in Berkeley attending the Uni
; versity.
Mr. and Mrs. Dan McFarland and fam
ily have taken a cottage at Rednndo with
i the intention of remaining there during
; the entire winter.
Very Rev. Fr. Harnett, V. G., spent last
week at Santa Monica as the guest of
! Fathers TTawe and Barron.
W. F. Bosbyshell and family have re
! turned from their summer outing.
J. P. Hamilton of the Santa Fe made a
flying trip to San Bernardino on Sunday.
Miss Ida Needham has returned to her
I home in Glendora after a visit of several
weeks with her friend. Mrs. F. W. Sted
i dom.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Shores, Mr. and Mrs.
j M. L. Osier, Miss Viola Cornell and Miss
I Mabel Osier returned from Catallna last
week after a pleasant outing of a month.
Mrs. Thomas A. Realty and family of
Pico Heights have returned from Long
: Beach, where they spent the summer.
Mrs. Thomas A. McDonald has returned
I from San Francisco, where she went to
i meet her .-ion, who is with Battery D.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Wood and family
have returned from Terminal Island,
I where they spent the summer.
Mrs. Walter S. Moore, son and daughter,
: have returned from San Francisco.
Miss Lertice Chapman is visiting at the
i Chapman ranch in San Gabriel.
Mrs. Frank Walsh and family. West
Adams street, have returned from Santa
Monica, where they spent the summer.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Washlmrn have re
turned from their outing at La Jolla, San
; Diego County.
Mr. and Mrs. Percy Schumacher have
: returned from their summer home In
Santa Monica. t
Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Rlndgo and family
; are at their residence in Ocean avenue,
Santa Monica.
Mrs. Fred Baton is quite 111 at the Eaton
cottage In Santa Monica.
Mrs. A. L. Ross, daughter and son. have
, returned from Catalina and are at their
apartments at the Rosslyn.
Mr. and Mrs. Ford K. Rule are in San
Francisco.
Mrs. John Bushnoll, who has been visit
ing at Terminal Island, has returned to
: Los Angeles.
Mr. and Mrs. M. 1,. Osier are visiting
: friends in San Francisco and their
daughter. Miss Mabel, Is visiting Miss
Viola Cornell of Pasadena avenue.
Mrs. Fred Dunn and daughter. Miss
Velva, have returned from Santa Monica,
where they spent the summer.
Miss Lillian Bell of South Figuero has
returned from Santa Monica.
Dr. and Mrs. W. C. Hendryx are at the
Van Nuvs. They have just returned from
British Columbia and Yellowstone Park.
Captain Allan Kelly, city editor of the
Times, has returned from Mexico, where
! he went as special correspondent of his
newspaper in the Yaqui Indian uprising.
Mrs. R. Lachman announces the en
gagement of her daughter, Miss Eva. to
Gus Goldsmith of Los Angeles. They
will receive their friends Sunday, Septem
ber 24, at 1022 South Figueroa street.
PX the Resorts.
BYRON HOT SPRINGS— The following reg
istered nt Byron Springs during the past week:
Carlos Rossi and wife. F. C. Burgf order, Mrs.
F. C. Furcforder. James Casock. F. M. Bacon,
G. W. Chandler, P. Piveny, Mrs. E. Xaughton,
| Mrs. I. Asch. Howard Middloton. T. McGarron,
| Mrs. C. It. Fredericks, P. J. Flynn, M. F.
Fragley. Frank H. Morton, J. M. 'Joshlyn,
George T. Shreve. James Bowie, Mrs. P. Can
ney, J. A. Boyd and wife, W. J. Little. Thomas
I E. Healey, Mrs. F. Ferchon, A. J. Little. L. B.
Houser, S. Keeping, J. Dougherty, 11. Jacoby,
San Francisco** B. F. Flomunc, M. E. Davis,
W. I. Sterrett, Mrs. G. F. Moody, Mrs. J. S.
! Derby M. B. Muzzy, H. C. Babcock and wife,
, Oakland: J. 8. Trlest. New York: J. S. Shealer.
! Batter Creek; A. S. Collins, Mrs.. L. P. Nell,
J. P. Ford, George W. Minges, Fresno; Miss
Sadie Towle, Mrs. A. Towle, Miss Towle.
Towle; A. Cardoza, P. H. Dlas, M. E. Lewis,
Centervllle; Thomas Murphy. Lizzie Hoult.
Marge Hoult, Stockton: A. A. Hayes. Crows
i Landing; P. Biscordl, Santa Rosa: Mrs. A. C.
Bernard, Tuscon; Plumer Wills, Phoenix; H.
I C. Short, Topeka; Mrs. J. G. Conn, Mrs. H.
' Herman, Marynvllle; W. Glßncy, Crockett; J.
S Keys, Suisun; W. C. Daulton, Pnelllng; W.
: A. Jackson. Santa Cruz; Colonel F. Brtdgman,
United States Army.
SUMMER HOME FARM— The following
I clients registered here during the week: Mrs.
F Reich crt, Mrs. N. .1. Hyman, Mrs. Alice
Hicson. Miss Helen Hlßson, Mrs. H. Steinman,
' Miss Mabel Steinman. San Francisco; W. F.
i Lewis Mrs. W. F. Lewis. R. Aver. Mrs. R.
■\yt r 'Oakland; W. H. Altken, F. E. Collins,
Wrights- A. Benson Searle, Washington. D. C. :
J H Mather. Chicago Park; J. G. Helly, Rose
burs! Or.; C. H. Bernheim, Miss Rosalie Bern
helm", Santa Cruz.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS— The following
guests have registered at Gilroy Hot Springs
i during the past week: F. Grady Ed F.
Armstrong. Joseph F. Nolan, Arthur Attrldge,
Thomas Barry, William Wreden. D. .1. Ryan,
II 1 j Ryan, San Francisco: James Hilton,
Redwood City; Mrs. A. Delerlo, Miss Garbar
! lno. Miss P. Delerio, 'Miss M. Delerlo, Miss C.
' lielerio, William Kickham. San Jo?e; John
Pedemonte John Ellis, Maggie Sturla. Mr.
and Mrs. O. T. Moore, Gilroy; Mr. and Mrs.
George B Hoop. Santa Clara; James Sargents,
[da Sargents, Agnes Sargents, Mrs O. Green,
Miss Maud Smith, George Elmer Rea, C. H.
MacKarrle, Mrs. J. P. Malone, San Francisco;
Mrs. J. P. Reith, Elb City. ;vj *'■.;:. '^r,
PARAISO HOT SPRlNGS— Following are the
arrivals* at PitrHlso for the past week— Mrs. C.
YV Dana, Miss Estelle Dana, San Luis Obispo;
S ' Ponton de Arce, J. 11. Klein. Mrs. Frten. P.
Crowley, Charles Fredericks, L. K. Elicrt, San
Francisco; C. Lynch, Mr. and Mrs. L. J. Gates,
' Stockton: William Lynn. King City; P. W.
Morse, Watsonvllle; .1. R. Johnson, Oakland;
W I).' Parker. San Jose; Charles . Demange,
Charles Demange Jr.. Soledad.
AETNA SPRINGS— recent arrivals at
Aetna Springs include: Fred Hess Jr.. Otto
i Hess .1 Harris/William Jones, J. M. McDon
' aid Mrs. Henry Jacobs. Samuel M. Taber. J.
! Sch'awsitzer and family, J. N#\vsom. George
i P Thomas and wife, San Francisco; M. D.
I Slatterly, Napa; C. E. Boudrow, Berkeley: 11.
ClHonis, Mr. Stetson and wife, Mr. and Mrs.
M. W. Upton, Samuel Koster, Frank T. Os
born, Oakland.
They all copy us; copy our hats, copy
our styles, copy our prices, even our ad
vertisements. Why? Price, quality anil
originality tell. Get the right thing, at
the right time, of the right person. Mine.
Alma K. Keith for hats, 808 Market street,
Phelan building.. .^^ *
. ♦ ■
There are 1000 acres of sugar beets
in Onondapa County, New York.
,■ » «
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
• :■■•■■■■ ■■■..•■■;■■;-;■-■.■:- •.■•■:•',.;'■; . " ■•••' tV ■■■ . .',.-■
. ADVEBTISEMENTS^^ .__,_._■.-.--
FW/iiit Goods
Inviting Prices!
ill? I Li llK 1 1 ivvOe
BLACK » IS ESS GOODS-En Ish Serge. 47 Inches wide, In all
pure wool, extra heavy; positively a bargain at 60c per yard. ■
French Venetian, In all wool, 51 Inches wide; special at $1.00
per yard.
Mohair Crepons, in a variety of new designs; extra special
at $1.25 per yard.
Imported Cheviot, 60 Inches wide, extr- heavy all-wool, a splen-
did fabric for tailor suiting; exceptional value at $1.25 per yard.
COLO EC ED DRESS GOODS— Just opened, Zibelene plaids,
choice colorings and designs; 50c per yard.
Camel's Hair with Mohair combed, choice skirting plaid; sOc
per yard. ,
Mohair Crepons, 46 inches wide; 50c per yard.
LADIES' JACKETS A*D CAPES— Kersey Cloth
Jackets, in black, navy and tan, also tan Covert Cloth, fly fronts
f :ed with silk ser"- • at a»5.00 each.
LADIES' GOLF CAPES, made of fine all-wool Cheviot, in tan and
gray plaid back: extra value at $5.00 each.
LADIES' DIKES** SKIRTS- Ladies' Dress Skirts, in fancy
mixed materials, lined with percaline and bound with corduroy;
special at $3.00 each.
LADIES' WRAPPERS— 2SO Ladies' Flannelette Wrappers,
epaulettes and yoke trimmed with braid, waists lined; special at
$1.00 each.
NOTTIXGII AM LACE CURTAIN'S —314 yards long In ten
handsome styles, finely finished, very durable; special at $1.50
per pair.
60 pairs of 11-4 WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS, 70 Inches wide
and 2*4 yards long, made from a fine grade of Lamb's Wool,
weight 6 pounds, handsomely finished; special at $5.00 per pair.
15 pieces TABLE DAMASK, full 72 inches wide, in both white and
cream, very solid and pretty patterns, special at 55e per yard.
30 dozen HEMSTITCHED HUCK TOWELS, size 23x45, a fine grade
of linen; special at 25c each.
LADIES' TAFFETA SILK WAISTS-Made in the latest
style with back and front of waist of fancy cording; price
$8.00 each.
LADIES' FANCY TAFFETA SILK WAISTS- Back and
front of fine tucks, with fancy braid between tucks, sleeves trim-
med to match; price $10.u0 each.
LADIES' VELVETEEN WAISTS -Lined all through, latest
style make; price $G. 50 each.
NOTARLE VALUE -700 yards silk-finished colored "Velvetta"
(the 50 cent quality), in all the popular shades, including cerise,
purple, emerald, tan, light blue, national blue, fuchsia, etc.; on
sale at 2oc per yard.
See elegant display in our 'iow windows.
{/{/ Murphy Bulletins:, m
Market and Jones Streets.
jqvord sunburn tF you v/ouTd Have
a D^tcats CoiTipT6NTOr>
By fllme. Jfygeia.
lAM genuinely sorry for the summer
maiden that fluttered away this sum
mer minus her cold cream, jar, with
the determination to return as
"brown as a berry-"
I met one of these girls last June.
She was highly jubilant at the prospect
of an outing at the seashore.
To my admonition not to forget her cold
cream jar she remarked that never a
j smltch of cold cream would find Its way
into her trunk this year.
"No, sirree," she added emphatically;
"last year I supplied myself with all sorts
of creams and lotions; took along an ex
tra supply of veils and gloves, and liter
ally spent the entire summer caring for
my complexion to prevent looking upon
my return to town as though my face
had been dipped in rcdhot grease. Well.
1 didn't have a bit of a good time, and
I when my friends saw me they all de
clared they didn't believe I'd been away
at all; thought I'd just been concealing
myself in an attic or a back bedroom!
So no cold cream this year, and my trunk
boasts nothing in the way of a head pro
tection but a few of the daintiest little
hats that would be about as much service
in protecting my face from the sun as a
doughnut pinned to my trusses. The
doubting Thomases shan't have the
shadow of a chance this year."
And she wafted me a kiss from the tips
of her ringers and was gone without hav
ing given me an opportunity to slip In a
word edgeways.
Well! 1 met her again yesterday, and
! of all the forlorn looking creatures that
! one could possibly imagine she certainly
took the lead. Her nose looked as though
it was endeavoring to amputate itaelf by
a slow peeling process, and her erstwhile
fair complexion was covered with a gold
en brown tan that had distributed itself
like patches on a crazy quilt.
•Well what kind of a lime did you
\ ye?" I inquired, delicately ignoring the
state of her complexion, but well-nigh
bursting with a desire to say "I told
you so.
••Oh, 1 had a glorious time. Went fish
ing without any hat? at all and sat out
on a huge, beautiful bowlder by the sea,
with the only young man in the place.
■ Never gave my complexion a thought—
! lust went in for a good time and had it,
but do you think I'm hilariously huppy,
now that it's all over? Look at my face!
Did you ever see anything quite so
hideous?" .«..».»
"P.ut Low about your friends? I inter
rupted. "Have you succeeded in convinc
ing them that >ou spent your summer
away from town?"
"My friends!" she exclaimed, the
brutes do nothing but giggle and smirk
and nudge each other, and make disa
greeable allusions to cold cream and other
remedies. Dear Mme. Hygeia, I shall
take your advice next time, but what in
in.- world shall 1 do in the meanwhile to
K<-t rid of this horrid tan?"
There are probably others in the same
l,«,it with this little girl, so they shall
have the benefit of my suggestions.
Tan is much easier to acquire than to
get rid of. Besides, it's a case of "him
that has. gits." However, as it is caused
merely by exposure to wind or sun, it is
the easiest thing in the world to avoid.
GIOVeB, a few pretty veils and a good
Sized parasol will successful combat the
warmest of old Sol's rays and the bliz
sardlest blizzard that ever hailed from
Medicine Hat. Any good cold cream will
help matters along. Never, under any cir
cumstances, bathe your face In soap and
water before going out or just after com
ing in.
A lotion that is said to prevent the skin
from tanning to any great extent is the
following:
Distilled witch hazel, three ounces.
Prepared cucumber juice, three ounces.
Rosewater, one and one-half ounces).
Essence of white rose, one and one-half
ounces.
Simple tincture of benzoin, one-half
ounce.
Rub this into the skin with the finger
tips and after the cuticle has absorbed
it apply a pure vegetable powder.
After the face has become tanned or
Bun burned there really is nothing to do
but to apply plenty of cold cream and to
protect the skin from further exposure
to the elements.
Answers to Correspor)der)ts.
O. N. E.— The only way to keep the
pores of the skin emptied of the seba
ceous matter that clogs them 1b to give
the face an energetic scrubbing every
night with a complexion brush of good,
firm bristles, warm water and castile
soap. Follow the scrubbing with a liberal
smearing with a good cold cream. I am
sure, this will help you.
SIAUDIE— The following tonic will cer
tainly make the eyebrows grow: Red
vaseline, 3 ounces; tincture of canthar- >
ides. l / 2 ounce; Jamaica rum, % ounce;
origanum, 6 drops; glycerin, Vi ounce; oil
of rosemary 5 drops.
• MARY CARPENTER— I am very sorry
that 1 could not give you an answer just
when you requested it, but it would not
have been fair to the others who were
ahead of you. You say you are obliged
to do much brain work. This doubtless is
the cause of the "loss of your hair. The
hair splits at the ends because of lack
of nourishment at the roots, and as long
as the split ends remain the hair will re
fuse to grow. The first thing to do, then, ■
is to singe off all the split ends, every one
of them, and then supply the nourishment
that is lacking. Sometimes a little warm
olive oil rubbed into the roots with the
fingertips is all that is necessary. How
ever, 1 wish you would try the following
tonic. It is a wonder, and even though
it has alcohol in it, I feel certain that it
will stop the hair coming out almost in
stantly: Forty-eight grains resorcin, one
fourth ounce glycerin, and alcohol enough
to fill a two-ounce bottle. Apply to the
scalp every night with a small sponge,
rubbing it in well. Very dry hair should
not be shampooed oftener than once a
month. " If you really hesitate to use a
tonic containing alcohol, then try the fol
lowing: Two drams tincture of canthar
ides, six ounces essence of rosemary and
eleven ounces elderfiower water. I should
not cut the hair off if I were you; at least
not yet awhile.
SISSY— Yes, the warm olive oil will cer
tainly bring about the development you
desire if you use it every night of your
life, rubbing it into the skin for ten cr
fifteen minutes at a time. It will be at
least seven or eight weeks before any de
velopment will be noticeable, but it will
surely come if the rubbing is persisted in.
Dashing with cold water in the morning
and rubbing with a Turkish towel will
help the work along.
TESLA-You will find the following lo
tion delightful -or the hands: Gum trag
acanth, whole, 30 grains; rosewater, 7
ounces; glycerin. J 2 ounce; alcohol, *£
ounce. Soften the tragacanth in rose
water for a day or two. and strain for
cibly through muslin or cheesecloth. Then
add glycerin and alcohol. Previously
mixed, shake well and periume to suit.
VALERIE FLOYD— The lotion sug
gested in foregoing letter to Tesla Is just
what you need to whiten and soften the
hands. The best complexion brush is one
of firm, wnite bristles. Use it just as you
would any brush.
■ ♦ ■
Madame Neergaard. pupil of St. Gematn,
scientific palmist; reading, by mal^ $1; office
hours 1 to Bp. m. 616 G«ary st.. above Jones;
classes.
) When Mrs. Nettle
Harrison's 4-day Hair
W^ Restorer will bring
in / B^ ' back the natural col-
»/a/ wf& » y or? Gray or faded hair
w/vu I H k/ restored permanently
* W I ■ W without inconvenience
f T M.M. J and with no dlsagTee-
«/ able after effects. Not
a dye; is cleanly;
leaves no sediment,
Band does not make th<»
B __ hair sticky. All drug-
m£ f\ gists sell it at $LOO.
I \\~i Superfluous Hair
■*^ ~* w ~ ■ Removed permanently
by the Electric Keedl*
as operated by me.
111*5117 Mrs. Nettle Harrison,
II 1 £jL W DSEMATOLOBIBT,
v 48-42 Sear] St., Sao Frandsca
1314
4- •"
GREYHOUNDS
RUN WELL AT
UNION PARK
Evenly Matched Dogs Pro
vide Exciting Sport for
the Leashmen.
"With strong hares and evenly matched
dogs the coursing at Union Park yester
day was of the sensational order. In
many instances the greyhounds ran
J)across the field like double teams. The
average of the courses was unusually
long, especially in the Produce stake con
solation. Rosio Clair was one of the un
fortunates, requiring two minutes and
twenty seconds to defeat Hugh Lynch 1
Lexington. Rock Island King required the
same time to secure the Hag from hot
Haste, the score being 17 to 14. O'Hara
put May Hempstead out— to 0.
There were an unusually large number
of "byes," owing to dogs being with
drawn. Many of them had not recovered
from their hard work last week.
In the open stake Crawford Lad beat
Bhylock Boy after running two minutes
and twenty seconds. Johnny R beat
Maori Land after a grand working course.
Lord Byron, at odds of 1 to 3, beat Mlai
mo. Minneola ran a desperate course with
Warship, defeating him by a score of 19
to 1. The winner was 1 to 3 in the bet
ting. Lowlander and Pet Kirby had
'"byes" and ran them oft! together. Each
scored three points and Judge Grace did
net require them to run again as they
had done sufficient work. Rochester and
Moonlight ran an •"undecided." The
former broke one of his toes and was
drawn. Connemara beat Mose handily
and is favorite for the stake. Bohe is
favorite for the Produce stake consola
tion, with O'Hara, Rosle Clair and Wan
da next In demand. The detailed results
: low:
California Produce stake, consolation— E. M,
Kelkgg's Sweet Emma beat A. Johnson's Bald
Eagle, J. J. Edmonds' Whisky Hill a bye; R.
T. Taylor's Torment, drawn: P. J. Rellly's Still
Time beat P JlcCabe's Craig Boy; Hurley &
KUey's Lucretia Borgia beat F. Passon's Per
seus; R. K. Malcolm's Agamemnon beat H.
Germain's TaJlac; Curtis & Son's Narcissus
beat J. H. Rosseter'a Round About; R. E. de
B. Lopes' Wanda beat Daily & .-in's Gypsy;
G. M. Aberci mble'a Rock Island Boy beat J
H. Harrison's Hot Haste; E. Baumelster's
Warrior a bye; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Wild
Fwede drawn; K. M. K-illogg lowa Maid beat
S. Strehl's Three Cheers; D. J. Healey's
O'Hara beat .1 M Halt ■ May Hempstead;
J. H. Rosseter's Rapid Addition beat G. M.
Abercrombies Miss Richmond; J. H. Perlgo's
Controller a bye; H. W. Rike's Nancy R
drawn; J. H. Perlgp'i Bohe beat Curtis &
Son's Flying Fox; J. H. Perigo's Lady Daven
port a bye; A. L. Austin's Lord Marmion
drawn; T. Bane's Walt a Bit a bye; R. E. de
B. Lopez' St. Anthony drawn; J. H. Rosseter's
Risky Attempt beat F. Parson's Idler; J. H.
Rosseter's Royal Ann beat R. K. Malcolm's
Athena: K. K. Malcolm's Aeneas a bye; A. R.
Newell's Rough Rider drawn: Russell, Allen
& Wilson's Roele Clair beat H. Lynch ■ Lex
ington; J. H. Rosseter's Random Aim beat E.
Adam's Her Grace; C. C. Griswold's Master
Workman a bye.
Open stake— R. E. de B. Lopez's Mlnneola
beat P. J. Relay's Warship; E. M. Kellogg's
Kid McCoy beat Courtney & Hare's Douglas;
A. Johnson's Lowlander, a bye; Hurley &
Reily'e O X Capitol Jrswn; H. A. Deckelman's
Pet Kirby, a bye; Handy & Smith's Jennie
Wilson drawn; George Sharman's Walt a Lit
tle •at R. E. de B. Lopez's Green Valley
Maid; J. Kennedy's Night Time beat M. Lon
don's Magneto; J. Kennedy's Ever Shore beat
J. P. Thrift's Forgive; Pasha Kennels' Emln
Pasha beat Aeneld Kennels' Pretender; E. & R.
Scott's Lord Byron beat J. Dean's Mialmo;
Handy & Smith's Syivanus beat F. A. Me-
Comb's Blue Rock; Bartels Bros.' Winning
Style beat R. Jardine's Young Lochlnvar; T.
J. Mclnerney's Johnny R beat D. J. HeaJey's
Maori Land; Aeneld Kennels' Maid of Erin
beat Hurley & Reilly's Star of Cuba; J. P.
Thrift's Forget beat H. Lynch' ■ Loiterer; H.
F. Anderson's Crawford Lad beat J. L. Ross'
Shylork; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence beat
Kay & Trant'i Hawker; T. Hall's Nonpareil
beat Bartel Bros.' Bart's Belle; J. Dean's
Connemara beat R. L. Taylor's Mose; G. J.
Panario's O'd Glory beat Handy <& Smith's
Magic: J. Perry's Commodore Nash beat T. J.
Harrington's Beau Peep; Pasha Kennels' Firm
Friend beat T. J. Melnerney's Tommy Rex;
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Belle Clair beat
R. L. Taylor's Bounding Belle; T. Sullivan's
Maid of the Hill beat I. F. Halton's Tic Tac;
Sterle & Knowles' Wag beat H. A. Deckel
man's Prince George; 11. F. Anderson's Craw
ford Braes ! eat John Kennedy's Wine West:
M. B. Kavanagh's Swedish beat Scheper &
Powers' Matchless; Pasha Kennels' Metallic
beat Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo; J. Jones'
Moonlight beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Rochester:
T. J. Melnerr.ey's Nora beat Sterle & Knowles'
Sleety Mist: Pa^ha Kennels' Rest Assured beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Regina R; J. O' Shea's
Toung America beat P. J. Rellly's Plow Boy;
J. Seggerson's Candelaria beat Ed Evatt'a
Hurricane.
F. A. Mi-Comb's dog. Flush, picked up
poison recently and died from the effects.
Gus Videau has purchased Right Bower
from Dr. Leek. The dog will run In his
new owner's name next week. •
The Union Park Band, under the lead
ership of Yon der Mehden, will render
light selections throughout the day.
Judge John Grace gives freely the score
In each course, thus enabling the specta
tors to learn how the points stand for
each dog.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
The crowd that Journeyed out to Ingle
slde Coursing Park yesterday to watch
the hounds chase the fleet hares over the I
field witnessed some fine sport. While j
the favorites got the flag as a rule, there
were enough shortenders winning to make
the game Interesting. The hares ran i
well, some of the courses being unusu- I
ally long and trying on the dogs. The
biggest upset of the day was the defeat
of Soubrette by Joy Bells at five to one.
ilcKinley won from Lady Herschel at
four to one, and Blackhawk beat Black
Bess at three and a half to one. Sev
eral other small odds favorites suffered
defeat: The score follows:
Open stake, first round— M. B. Kavanagh's
Bkl beat J. O'Dowd's Shootover; P. M. Clark
•on'a Blackhawk beat James Dlckson's Black
Bess; Connell Bros." Mamie Pleasant beat Cur
tis & Son's Commodore; Handy & Smith's Free
and Easy beat S. Hansen's L. S. Conley; Lowe
& Thompson's Jeseamy beat E. M. Kellogg'6
Hummer; J. Jones' (names) Lady Van beat H.
A. Deckelman's Rocklin Belle; W. C. Glasson's
Joy Bells beat D. Shannon's Soubrette; Curtis
& Sons MoKlnley beat Allen & Wilson's Lady
Herschel; Handy & Smith's Lady Hugo beat
Murphy & lands Twilight Jr.; J. Byrne's
Eleven Spot beat J. Keenan's Royal Buck; D.
Shannon's Safeguard beat F. P. Lauterwasaer's
Scot Free; Lowe & Thompson's Prince Hal beat
D. Dillon's Castle Island Boy; A. Johnson's
Tod Sloan beat W. H. Jones' Lady Marlon;
Connell Bros.' Eenorita beat A. Van den
Burgh's Naughty Girl; T. J. McHugh's Maid
of the Mill beat J. Quane's Marietta; D. J.
Healy's Maggie beat Joe Goddard's Flame;
George Burfelnd's Pastime beat W. Creamer's
Report; Curtis & Ron's Cavalier beat James
Byrne's (names) Sans Souci; Curtis & Son's
Cash beat T. J. Cronin's Arab; J. Byrne's Olym
pus beat T. J. Cronln's Rose, of Tralee; D. J.
Healy's Rusty Gold beat T. J. Cronin's Thorn
hill; Moran & Nell's Irene beat T. Gibson's
(names) Ifnper'.al; Handy & Smith's Twin City
Girl beat W. H. Shear's Fury; Lowe & Thomp
■on's Flora McDonald beat J. Enmonds' Morn
ing Glory; Lowe & Thompson's St. Oran beat
P. Renul son's Pox Daze; D. Ford's Bonita beat
G. H. Lahusen's Fireball: E. D. Fallon's Lily
of the West beat D. Cronin's Swlnnertun; w.
Aiken's Melba beat P. ReiHy's Eugene; H. A.
Deckelman's Glen Chloe beat F. Brown's Alma;
H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway beat J. Farley's
Cash Day: James O'Donnell's Las Palmas beat
Russell. Allen & Wilson's Charming Belle; T.
J. McHugh's Empress beat A. Van den Burgh's
American Eagle: W. J. Jones' Prince Jerome
beat Moran & O'Nell's Nellie H: E. Parsons'
Merry Maiden beat M. Mlchalek's Glenroy; A.
Weber's Montana beat H. N. Gray's Terron
ette; T. Fanning* Babe Murphy beat D. Ford's
Juanlta; Russell, Allen & Wilson's Daisy
Claire beat D. J. Healy'g Amarosa: J. Keen
an's Royal Oak beat A. Ohmeyer's Fair Rosa
lind; J. H. Ronnlng's Kerry Gow beat J.
Keenan's Fear Not; T. Kelly's (names) Wild
wood boat S. HanFen's Our Climate; Connell
Bros.' fit. Helen beat E. Wilson's (names) Mag
net; A. Ohmeyer's Occidental beat J. Talbot'*
Blackrock; F. Brown's Sweet Briar beat James
Byrne's Nellie B; E. M. Kellogg'* Lady Gil
moro beat Handy & Smith's Ida.
Patriotic Music at the Park.
' 'Star-spangled Banner" Key
The celebrated funeral march by Chopin
Melodies from the "Martyrs" Donizetti
"Largo" Handel
Waltz, '"Immortellen" Gungl
Paraphrase, "Nearer My God to Thee"..
Church scene from "Cavalleria Rusticana" '
Mascagni
"Serenade" Schubert
Solo for cornet, William Forner.
Overture. "Rlenzi" Wagner
"American Republic" march. Thlere
Sporting Svents from All Over the World.
MAY EXAMINE
SHAMROCK'S
UNDERBODY
Mystery of the Yacht's Con
struction Is Shortly to Be
Revealed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Yachtsmen will
be glad to learn that there will be an
opportunity several days before the inter
national match between the Columbia and
Shamrock to see these racers out of
water.
Th-.-re has been a great deal of mystery
about the foreign cutter, her designer.
Will Fife Jr.. deeming it best to con
struct her in secret and launch her "in
petticoats." Then since her arrival in
, these waters only her crew and a few
1 home friends of Sir Thomas Lipton and
I designers have been permitted on board.
Thus little that is positive has been as
! certained about the yacht beiow water
i and only guesswork leads tv the sug
! gestion that the shape of her underbody
] may forcibly remind yachtsmen of the
! Defender.
All who took the trouble to make the
journey to Bristol, R. L, could see the
Columbia out of water, and excellent
photographs of her have been made and
published both here and abroad. The
days of mystery. however, are rapidly
passing, as on Thursday, September 2s,
about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, both
yachts will be taken in the larger docks
at the Jonn X. Robins Company's Ehlp
yard, Erie Basin. There with bow and
stern -within a few yards of each other
they may be looked at and studied until
the following Monday, October 2, the day
before the I'.rst international race.
It is pretty certain that the pieced-out
gaff used on the Shamrock during her
practice spin Thursday lest did nnt give
satisfaction. There was no time lost this
morning in bringing it back to the city,
and if reports are true It will be stiffened
with angle irons in time to be used in
Monday's trial. This old graff Is only a
makeshift, and its place will be taken by
the racing spar which buckled last week
as soon as it has been repaired.
HIGH SCHOOL ATHLETES
IN A TRY-OUT FIELD DAY
BERKELEY. Sept. IS.— The athletes of
the Berkeley High Bchool he.'.d a try-out
field day upon the cinder track of" the
University of California this afternoon.
The list of entries was large, and some of
the records made came quite up to the
amateur standard. From a few of the
events the chances of the H'^h School
I In the approaching A. A. L. field day can
be fairly judged. The time on • • lashes
was not very good, but this is compen
sated for by the work In the pole-vault
and shot-put. In tne pole-vault Irv.in
took first place with a height of 10 feet
and 5 inches, which smashes the old
■A. A. L. record.
Following Is the list of events:
l""-yard dash — First, Volz; second,
Dupgan; third, J. Hartley. Time,
11 1-5 seconds.
220-yard dash— First, Hartley, second,
Volz; third, Stahle. Time, 26 1-5 sec
onds.
440-yard dash— First, Hartley: sec
ond, Stahle; third. Hall. Time, 60 sec
onds.
880-yard run — First. Dobbins; second,
Linscott; third, Harrison. Time, 2
minutes 16 seconds.
One mile run— First. Dobbins, second,
Harrison; third. Hall. Time, 5 min
utes 55 seconds.
120-yard hurdles— First, Irwin; sec
ond, Robley; third, Bingham. Time,
8 2-5 seconds.
220-yard hurdles— First, Irwin; sec
ond, Robley; third, Bingham. Time,
32 2-5 seconds.
One-mile walk— First, McKee; sec
ond, Brehm; third, Henderson. Time,
5 minutes.
Pole vault— First, Irwin; second.
Pape: third, Volz. Height, 10 feet 5
inches.
High jump— First, Irwin; second,
Eastman and Duggan. Height, 5 feet
2^ Inches.
Runnine broad jump — First. Duggan;
second. Irwin; third. Hartley. Dis
tance. 19 feet 3U Inches.
Shot-put — First. Volz; second,
Kruschk^; third. Eastman. Distance,
44 feet 7 inches.
CHICAGOS DEFEATED
BY THE BROOKLYNS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANTjINQ.
Clubs— W. L. P^t.: Clubs— W. L Pet
Brooklyn ...P9 38 .701 "hlc-afro 67 64 512
Philadelpha *3 4^ .CM Pltteburg ...62 68 .<;«
I Boston 79 S" .6141 Louisville ..£> 70 461
j Baltimore ..74 53 .Ml N>w York., .f.3 74 .417
! St. L0ui5. ...74 E9 ,SS7 Washington 4S SO .376
Cincinnati ..T3 E9 J6S| Cleveland ..19 118 .139
BROOKLYN, Sept. Another row marked
the conclusion of to-day's game. It was a
long-drawn-out gam», full of poor pitching,
ragged fielding and some sensational fielding.
Brooklyn was ahead when the seventh inning
closed. Believing that another Inning could
not be completed. Swartwood called the game.
He was surrounded by the Chicago players and
was knocked about a little, and Lange reached
out and tweaked his ear. Of the seven hits
made off Taylor, four were triples. Attend
ance MOO. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 7 10 3
Brooklyn 9 7 8
Batteries— Taylor, Donahue and Chance;
Hughes, McJames and Farrell. Umpire—
Ewartwood.
PHILADELPHIA, Pept. 16— Frazer end
Woods fought It out to-day, and the former
had the best of the argument. Loulsvllles' nix
hits were scattered through as many Innings,
which accounts for the Colonels' inability to
score. The game was devoid of Interesting
features. Attendance 8000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 0 6 2
Philadelphia 4 8 l
Batteries— Woods and Steelman; Frazer and
Douglass. Umpires— Snyder and McGarr.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— Cy Young wu In
vincible to-day, only one New Yorker getting
as far as third bane. Gettlg, on the other
hand, was ea»y. Johnson, a new pitcher re
lieved Gettlg in the sfeth and did well. The
game was called on account of darkness. At
tendance 1200. Score:
Clubs— R. H. B
New York 0 4 4
St. Louis 6 10 2
Batteries— Gettlg, Johnson and Warner-
Young and O'Connor. Umpire*— O'Day and Mc-
Donald.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— Errors by the
Senators In the second Inning, followed by hard
hitting, allowed the Wanderers to take a bit
lead. After that the .Senators settled down
and by good work with the stick won the
game. Attendance 800. Score:
Clube— R. H. B
Washington 15 21 8
Cleveland 10 18 i
Batteries— Fifleld and MeManus; Knepper
and McAllister. Umpire— Betts.
BOSTON, Sept. 16.— Dillon's wild throw In
the ninth allowed Tenney to score and tie the
game. Boston won out in the eleventh by
opportune hitting. A flne catch of a low loul I
fly by Williams and three sharp double plava
by the Bostons were the features. Attendance
2200. Score:
Club»— R. H. B.
Boston 4 10 8
PittFburg 8 S 2
Batteries— Bailey. Lewis and Sullivan; Leaver
and Schrlver. Umpires — Manassau and Con
nolly.
BALTIMORE. Sept. 18.— Two tingles, a
triple, a base on balls and an error gave Bal
timore four runs in the ninth Inning to-day
and snatchr-d what looked like victory from
the Reds. Kahoe'p hand was injured and he
was relieved by Peltz. Attendance 1700. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
"Cincinnati 5 f ?
Baltimore 6 12 1
Batteries— Breitensteln, Kahoe and Peiti;
Nop» and Robinson. Umpires — Latham and
Dwver.
SUNDAY'S CALL can be pur-
chased from all agents and
newsdealers at 5c per copy.
THE £AST FRAtfCIStO CALL, SUSPAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
WASPS WIN
FROM DUDES
BY ONE RUN
Little Stick Work and Hard
Luck Make an Inter-
esting Game.
San Franciseos 1, Oaklands 0.
For six Innings Cal E wing's packers of
dress-suit cases and Uncle Harris' sting
ers failed to score. Then the locals bit
off a chunk of luck and forced the scorer
to pull the cord that rang the bell that
woke the boy who works on the score
board. The Dudes were in bad luck and
they gave the boy no necessary or un
necessary labor.
Up to the seventh Inning the play was
of a peculiar order, few hits, plenty of
men on bases and no runs. This is how
the game was won and why Ewing smiles
no more. Riley fanned thrice and said
something not in polite vocabularies. Then
Mr. Pyne took a stick and made the first
station by an honest safe hit. Fitzpatrick
played Casey at the bat and went to the
benches after three air-slashing fans. All
this time Pyne played a love game with
the first bag, fearing to stray away. Mr.
Brockhoff was next to bat and Pyne took
heart and attempted to steal second.
Hammond threw to Francks, who was
anxiously awaiting the ball, but it was
a bad effort on the part of Hammond and
the spheroid went a-bounding to fax cen
ter. Pyne is fleet of foot and he fairly
flew over the course, beating the ball
home by the closest possible margin.
There was wild and unrestrained excite
ment in the avuncular camp and the
Dudes were a few shades bluer than
ultramarine.
Several times after this burst it looked
as if there was a chance for the Dudes,
but nothing came of it. Some good field
ing, few hits and excellent work by the
twlrlers kept the score at the low-water
mark. The game in several instances was
a matter of Dame Fortune's smiles.
Schmeer made a few sensational stops
and smothered a few flies. The score Is:
BAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. si 6 0 10 3 4 0
Hilderbrandt, r. f... i 0 1 0 4 1 0
Krug. 2b 4 0 0 0 18 1
Sullivan, lb 4 0 119 0 1
Courtney, 1. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Swindells, o 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Rlley, 3b 4 0 0 12 2 0
Pyne. c. 1 4 12 1111
Fttzpatrick, p .8 0 0 0 2 8 0
Totals ....'. U 1 B 8 17 II 8
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BE SB. PO. A- E.
Hutchlnson, lb 4 0 11*11
Hammond, c 4 0 118 10
Hardle. r. f 8 0 0 0 18 0
Francks, 2b 2 0 0 0 10 1
Dunleavy. c. t 2 0 0 0 1 0 1
Lange, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 2 2
Schmeer, a. s 2 0 0 0 4 4 1
Mosklman, 1. 1 3 0 10 8 0 0
Harper, p 8 0 0 0 0 11
Totals 26 0 8 2 »2« 10 7
•Swindells out for blocking catcher.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 00000010 o—l
Base hits 11010011 0— i
Oakland 00000000 0 —
Base hits 00110100 o—3
SUMMARY.
Sacrifice hits— Hilderbrandt, Francks. First
base on errors— San Francisco 5, Oakland 2.
First base on called balls— Francisco 3,
Oakland 3. Left on bases— San Francisco 10,
Oakland 3. Struck out— By Fltzpatrick 2, by
Harper 5. Double plays— Brockhoff to Krug to
Sullivan; Hllderbrandt to Brockhoft. Time of
game— l:so. Umpire— R. Levy. Official scorer—
J. W. Stapleton. *
Volunteers at the Bat.
A great game of baseball is promised
this afternoon at the Presidio athletic
grounds, when the men of the First Cali
fornia Regiment will cross bats with the
Heesemans of Oakland. The line-up fol
lows:
Cal. Volunteers. Position. Heesemans.
Garrison Pitcher Thomas
Bob Eager Catcher Shea
Proll First base Davla
Valento Second base Kane
Fi.ske Third base Lutgen
Wall Shortstop Piatt
Nicholson Left field Bock
Zann Center field Cline
Ritter Kipht field Lehner
Money for Pavement.
The property owners In the wholesale
district north of Pine street and east of
Kearny have addressed a communication
to the Board of Supervisors calling the*
attention of that body to the fact that
resolution 2803 requires that $50,000 bo set
aßlde from the Street Department funds
to pay half the cost of paving the streets
in that locality. A request for such ac
tion Is Incorporated In the note, and the
board will consider the matter on Mon
day.
FRENNA HELD
IN JAIL ON A
BENCH WARRANT
Writ of Certiorari Was
Dismissed.
Superior Judgre Lawlor ha» filed an
opinion in which he holds that it Is be
yond his Jurisdiction to review the action
of Police Judge Graham ordering the re
lease of Joseph P. Frenna, murderer of
J. F. Turner, from custody. A writ of
certiorarl demanding a review of the pro
ceedings of the lower court, secured at
the instance of the prosecution, has in
consequence been dismissed by the court,
but the fact remains that Frenna is still
in jail. Immediately upon the dismissal
of the writ George D. Collins, who. dur
ing the certiorari proceedings, occupied
the position of special prosecutor, went
Immediately to Presiding Judge Dalnger
field and laid the facts of the case be
fore him Judge Dalngerfleld forthwith
issued a bench warrant for the arrest of
the murderer, if his release was secured
on bonds, remanding him to the custody
of the Sheriff without bail. An informa
tion charging Frenna with murder was
then filed with the court and the case
was assigned to Judge Cook for trial. To
morrow morning Judge Cook will review
the case and if he linds that "the proof
is evident or the presumption great" that
I'renna is guilty of the crime charged he
will refuse him his liberty on ball; if
otherwise the prisoner will be released on
bonds, but for a greater sum than that
fixed by the committing magistrate.
Alter reviewing the facts of the arrest,
preliminary examination and admittance
to baH of the prisoner and calling atten
tion to the fact that the law makes
Judges from those of the lowest court to
the supreme tribunal equally Qualified
magistrates, Judge Lawlor says:
Tl.e single question before the court
is, Did the respondent, Hon. Thomas
F. Graham, have authority to admit
the delendant to bail? In other words,
does the writ of certiorari lie to re
view his action in that behalf?
The writ of certiorari is a writ of re
view and can only issue for the pur
pose of reviewing final determinations
and adjudications of inferior tribunals,
boards or officers exercising judicial
functions when there is no appeal nor
any plain, speedy or adequate remedy.
The general scope of the writ is well
defined in the case of Whitney vs. The
B. of D. of S. F. F. D., 14 Cal.. 500.
The decision sayu: "We think it ia
well settled that a common law cer
tiorari tries nothing but the Jurisdic
tion and Incidentally the regularity
CANADIAN
HORSE LOSES
TO WARING
Result of the Prospect Han
dicap at Gravesend Race
course.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.-In the Prospect
handicap at Gravesend to-day for two
year-olds Montanlc was settled on as the
favorite and Sadduccee as second choice.
Mr. Jersey, who carried the money of the
Canadian contingent, made all the run
ning to the upper turn, with Waring at
his withers. Rounding the turn, Waring
began to go up. and, as they straightened
out in the stretch. Waring took a lead of
' a couple of lengths, which he gradually
increased to the end, winning very eas
ily. Sadduccee came with a rush at the
end, but could not catch Mr. Jersey, who
finished second. In the last furlong Sakh
rat got Jammed against the rail and
fell, breaking his shoulder. He was shot
on the track. In the Occidental handi
cap May Hempstead was favorite by a
small margin over Imp, while King Bar
leycorn was well backed, and the others
had followers. King Barleycorn made the
running for a furlong, when Imp joined
him, and together they set a hot pace
around the lower turn and up the back
stretch, opening up a big gap. On round
ing the upper turn they oegan to go back,
and the others were close aboard as they
straightened out for home. Then Pre
vious came with a rush and Charentus
followed, and In the hottest kind of a
( drive the pair finished first and second,
■ while the pacemakers were unplaced.
None of the backed horses were in the
money. Results:
About six furlongs, Isidore won. Belle
of Memphis second. Bendoran third.
, Time, 1:11. . ,„
Ste*plechas«, about two and a half
miles, Vanship won. Dare All second,
Manschan third. Time. 5:03 1-5.
Six furlongs. Prospect handicap. War
' ing won, Mr. Jersey second, Sadduccee
i third. Time, 1:14.
The Occidental, one mile and an eighth.
, Previous won, Charentus second. Prince
McClurg third. Time. 1:54 2-5.
One mile and a sixteenth, selling. Sky
Scraper won, Dan Rice second, Jefferson
third. Time. 1:49.
Five furlongs, selling. Smoke won, Kit
chener second, Belle of Orleans third.
Time, 1:02.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Sept. 16.-The
grand circuit closed at Narragansett Park
I to-day with the best attendance and
| weather conditions of the week. The
: track was very fast.
The Abbott won the free-for-all trot in
, straight heats, Young Miss being the only
: other starter. In the third heat The Ab
; bott was sent for time, tying his record.
Edward S repeated his win of Monday in
i the 2:21 pace. Lucille won the 2:21 trot
, In straight heats. Geers was thrown in
this race In the first heat, but was not
1 seriously injured. The 2:04 pace was a
hot race, Anaconda beinj? a Ftrnr.pr favor
ite when the pools opened. The favorite
, won the first two heats. Frank Bogash
: then took the next two, which caused the
| talent to hedge. Anaconda won the fifth
1 heat and the race amid intense excite
i ment, thousands of dollars changing
hands. The third mile was the fastest
'of the meet. James Hanley. owner of
Prince Alert, challenged the winner for a
1 bet of $s<>Jo. Results:
Free-for-all trot, purse $2000, three In
five— The Abbott won in straight heats.
Time, 2:09H, 2:09V6. 2:06& Young Miss sec
ond. No other starters.
: i 2:21 class pace, purse $1200, two In three —
; Edward S won in straight heats. Time,
' 2:12 1 -i, 2:13. Walter M second. Halo II
third. Marschand, Special Boy, Actuary',
i Cora P, Muriel Russell and JncNary's
; Hat also Btarted.
2:27 class trot, purse $1200. two In three—
■ iAK-llle won In straight heats. Time,
2:10"'*, 2:15 I 'i. Pirie second, Mamie Young
: third. Hyita, Princess, Mystic Maid,
; Hunter Hill, Billie King. Kavala and Bet
j tie Hamblin also started.
| 2:04 class pace, purse $2000, three In five —
! Anaconda won first, second and fifth
heats. Time, 2:ostt, 2:06»4, 2:07*4. Frank
Bogash won third and fourth heats, and
: was second, Roan Wilkes third. Lady of
the Manor fourth. Rubenstein and Che
halis also started.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— She stewards of
i the Brooklyn Jockey Club suspended the
i license of Jockey O'Connor for the rest
! of the meeting for reckless riding and dis
! orderly conduct, and referred the case to
! the stewards of the Jockey club for
furtht-r consideration. The stewards also
i i ordered that the entries of the bay filly
j Decimal be refused for the remainder of
! | the meeting.
CHICAGO, Sept 16.-The public and Ed
of the proceedings upon which the jur
isdiction depends. It brings up no is-
Bue of law or fact not Involved in the
question of Jurisdiction. Under no cir
cumstances can the review be extend
ed to the merits. Upon every question
except the mere question of power the
action of the inferior tribunal is final
and conclusive. This we understand
to be the settled doctrine both in Eng
land and In this country-"
The position of the petitioner In this
matter is substantially that the said
respondent acted as a magistrate in
the case; that he had pursued and
acted within his authority as such
magistrate up to the point of holding
the defendant to answer; that his au
thority in respect to bail is dependent
upon the ascertainment of a fact,
namely, does the testimony show that
the proof is evident or the presump
tion great? and that Inasmuch as the
Jurisdiction to admit to bail depends
upon the ascertainment of a fact, such
fact Is the legitimate subject of review
under a writ of certiorari on behalf of
the people.
The position of the respondents,
however, is that the said respondent,
Hon. Thomas F. Graham, acted regu
larly within the general Jurisdiction of
a magistrate, which jurisdiction ex
tends to the determination of the
question of ball in capital cases^gSLnd
that having acted regularly therein
the writ of certiorari does not lie on
behalf of the people.
It is true, as counsel haß pointed
out, if certiorari does not lie in a case
like the one at bar the rights of the
people might be seriously invaded If
the magistrate failed to prudently or
even conscientiously perform his duty
therein, but such liability attaches to
the enforcement of the law generally.
The law itself approximates right and
Justice. Every power has its corre
sponding responsibilities. The people
in a country like this select those who
shall enforce the laws, and if there
be a failure in the administration
thereof the fault Is not in the law it
self but in the administration of it.
The best and most beneficent of laws
may be the subject of official abuse.
The enforcement thereof in the con
creto cnn be no nearer perfection than
is human nature itself.
Upon a full consideration of the is
sues in this matter, however, the court
la of the opinion that the authority of
the magistrate in fixing ball in a cap
ital case is found In the general Juris
diction conferred upon him and not
made tn depend upon the sufficiency
of the evidence Introduced before him
in each particular case; that In this
case the respondent. Hon. Thomas F.
Oraham. hnd authority to determine
the qti^stion of hail under such general
jurisdiction; that his action in the ex
ercise of such jurisdiction appears reg
ular on its face, and that the merits of
his determination therein are not the
subject of review by this court.
After the decision had been read Georg<
D. Collins carried the matter to Presiding
Judge Daingerfleld. with the result stated
while John A. Hnsmer, who represents the
defendant, appeared before Judge Gra
ham with a bond for Frenna's release
Before acting- In the matter, however
Judge Graham presented the bond to Ex
pert Newman for investigation,. Ever
though it is passed upon the bench war
rant still stands between Frenna and lib
erty, and the story of his crime will per.
hapn be told again before a final declsior
In the matter of ball is reached.
Corrlgan captured everything In sight at
the Hawthorne track to-day. Favorites
and close second choices, all well played,
won the six events on the card. Corrl
gan's crack two-year-old, Golden Rule,
won again, beating Silver Fizz, and Van
ity captured the steeplechase event. The
only favorite to fall hard was King Ber
muda, who was beaten by Pacemaker,
beautifully ridden by Burns. Weather
clear; track fast. Results:
One mile, Dr. Nembula won, Great Bend
second, Ramlet third. Time, 1:40^.
Six furlongs. Golden Rule won. Silver
Fizz second, Sam Phillip* third. Time,
1:13.
Six and a half furlongs, handicap,
Georgie won, Flamora second, Bertha
Nell third. Time. 1:19^.
Short course, steeplechase handicap,
Vanity won, Bellamy second, Gypceiver
third. Time, 3 :12 V
One and a quarter miles, selling. Pace
maker won, King Bermuda second, Croe
sus third. Time, 2:o6si.
One mile, Serrano won. Alleviate sec
ond. The Lady in Blue third. Time,
1:3&V6.
BUFFALO, N. T.. Sept. 16. — Fine
weather favored the racing at Fort Erie
to-day. Results:
Six furlongs— Juanetta won, Athy sec
ond, Hapsburg third. Time. 1:144.
Five furlongs— Vohicer won. Satire sec
ond, Alfred Vargrave third. Time, 1:01%.
Mile and a sixteenth— Virgie O. won,
Free Lance second, Allle Belle third.
Time, 1:47.
Five and one-half furlongs — Advance
Guard won. Dissolute second. Lamp Globe
third. Time, 1:08.
Mile and an eighth— Billy House won.
Acrobat second. Windward third. Time,
1:55.
Six furlongs— The Light won, Brulare
second, Looram third. Time, 1:14%.
Short course, steeplechase— Fred Per
kins won, La Colona second. Dr. Cooper
third. Time. 3:03.
GOLF TOURNAMENT
OF SANTA MONICA CLUB
Players From Nearly All of the
Southern California Clubs
Have Been Entered.
j SANTA MONICA, Sept. 16.-The closing
i tournament of the season of the Santa
Monica Golf Club is in progress, with a
large number of entries. The club links
are in excelent shape. Roy Jones, assist
ed by Coach Robertson, has the arrang
ing of the handicaps. The interest in golf
has grown in wonderful proportion here
during the past season. It has been so
ciety's chief diversion, and players are
: here from nearly all the Southern Cali
fornia clubs. To-day's play waa medal
play, thirty-six holes, best gross score to
qualify for match play: Score:
W. H. Young, scratch, 39, 89, 39, 41. To
tal, 358.
E. B. Tufts, scratch, 41, 41, 41, 42. To
tal. 165.
W. Cosby, scratch, 38, 89, 40, 42. Total,
159.
J. F. Sartori, scratch, 43, 40, 38, 42. Total,
163.
R. J. C. Wood, handicap 8, 45. 43, 41, 49.
Total, 179.
R. Osborn, handicap 8, 46, 47, 41, 45. To
tal, 179.
R. H. H. Chapman, handicap 16. 41, 38, 44,
45. Total, IGS.
G E. Nolan, handicap 16, 47. 48, 39, 13.
Total, 177.
M. G. Burmester, handicap 16, 42, 44, 40,
12. Total, 178.
W. E. Dunn, handicap 20, 48, 47, 48, 43.
Total, 186.
D. D. Aker, handicap 24, 42, 46, 4S, 48.
Total, 184.
Lee Chambers, handicap 24, 46, 44, 42, 44.
Total. 176.
R. 11. Hayes, handicap 80, 48, 46, 42, 44.
: Total, 180.
R. H. Jones, handicap 30, 49, 46, 45, 50.
Total, 190.
J. Parker, handicap 30, 64, 55. 62, 55. To
tal. 226.
Charles Monroe, handicap 32, 47, 56, 47,
&0. Total, 200.
F. Stevenson, handicap 40, 57, 50, 67. 54.
: Total, 228.
E. Templer Allen, handicap 40, 49, 63,
69, 60. Total, 241.
The best sixteen to qualify for match
play to-morrow.
Ladies score, eighteen holes:
Bliss Beatty, handicap 20, 55, 48. Total,
' 103.
Mrs. Sarorl, handicap 25, 56, 56. Total,
112.
Mrs. G. Wylle Wells, handicap 25, 57, 60.
Total, 117.
Miss Crouch, handicap 4, 47, 51. Total,
98.
Mrs. G. L. Waring, scratch, 49, 46. To
tal, &5.
Mrs. W. H. Young, handicap 40, 78, 77.
Total, 155.
Mrs. Seymour, handicap 4, 53, 48. Total,
101.
Mrs. Bumiller, handicap 30, 65, 63. Total,
12S.
Mrs. Violet Upham, handicap 6, 62, 61.
Total. 113.
Miss Seymour, handicap 20, 61, 76. To
: tal, 137.
Mrs. J. D. Foster, scratch, 54, 77. To
i tal, 13L
INJURED AT A
STEEPLECHASE
Accident to Sidney Still-
well.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BAXTA BARBARA, Sept. 15.— Sidney
I Stillwell, one of the best-known gentle
| man riders of England and well known
I in club circles of this city and at the
Burlingame Club, received Berioue in
juries this afternoon and to-night he is
in a very critical condition.
The members of the four hundred of this
city gave a race meet this afternoon at
Agricultural Park and during the three
and a quarter mile hurdle race Stillwell's
horse fell with him while making a hur
dle. Stillwell fell under his horse, being
held there by the weight of the animal
for two or three minutes. Stillwell was
leading at the three-eighths mile hurdle
when his horse fell. He was caught un
der the hind-quarters of the horse and
as the horse attempted to rise he began
kicking. Stillwell knew that he would
be kicked to death if the horse succeeded
In getting up, so he reached for the line
of the bridle and turned the horse's head
so he could not rise, but ail this time Still
well was suffering terrible pain from the
weight of the horse.
Two minutes later, when assistance ar
rived from the finish, half a mile distant
Stillwell was still unable to move and was
covered with blood. He was taken to the
grandstand and then immediately to the
Santa Barbara Clubhouse. An hour after
the accident he became unconscious and
it was found that his shoulder had been
broken and his fnad badly cut and
bruised. He is suffering from a concus
sion of the brain and late thiß evening
had not gained consciousness.
Stillwell came here about two years ago
from England as the private secretary
and general manager of the Countea«
Riter, who maintains a beautiful home in
El Monteclto. although 6he lives here but
a short time during the winter. Slillw-il
is one of the best-known steeplechasers
of England, and his skillful manipulation
of tandems at the horse shows in this ciiy
has excited much comment.
A Work of Emergency.
Henry T. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works, appeared before United
States Commissioner Heacock and pre
sented a written order signed by the quar
termaster directing the work on all the
Government transports to be done with
all possible dispatch, and certifying that
such work was under the head of "ex
traordinary emergency." : - . *,
Commissioner Ileacock thereupon re
fused to sign any warrant for the urr.-st
of Mr. , Sco r,°. n^ a charge of violating the
Federal eight-hour law. as works of
emergency do not come under it* provi
sions
LAST DAY
OF RACES AT
SACRAMENTO
Charley Davis Attacked for
Bidding Up Yule, Winner
of the Last Race.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 16.— An immense
crowd attended the closing day of the
State Fair racing meet at Agricultural
Park and the betting was of the fierce
order, notwithstanding the short prices
laid by the bookies. Nearly every horse
starting was accorded more or less sup
port, and with four of seven choices win
ning the books cleaned up in the neigh
borhood of $4000.
After Lottie had defeated Psyche for
the 2:26 class trot the free-for-all pace was
called. Don was lnstaJled a stanch fa
vorite and took the first heat with ease
from Al Gregor. In the second heat Don
left his feet at the first turn and Beech
wood won easily from Fannie Putnam in
2:l4V*. The third heat found Don going
as steady as clockwork and he won prick
ing his ears in 2:14^4.
Bracdta this trip led Fannie Putnam
past the wire for the place. At the far
turn Beechwood made a disastrous break,
which lost him second money, for the
distance Hag was waved in his face. Much
better refused to score up, ar.-l after the
race was reported to have ruptured an
intestine.
The Favorite stake, over one mile and
a quarter, was the stellar feature among
the running events, resulting in a handy
victory' for Reolia, piloted by Mounce.
At post time Fortis and Monrovia were
equal choices in the betting. Monrovia,
with Butler in the saddle, made the run
ning for a mile, where she had enough.
Well bunched a furlong from home,
Reolia parted company with the field,
leading out Fortis half a length, with
Rapido at the latter's saddle skirts. It
was a pretty finish, speaking volumes for
the skill of the handicapper.
The only unusual happening: of the af
ternoon occurred just after the last race,
when Yule, the winner, was bid up from
$200 to $475 by Charley Davis. During the
progress of the bidding Windy Jim, a fol
lower of the turf, struck Davis, nearly
precipitating a riot. Dick Ledgett took
sides with Davis, landing a right-hander
on Windy, knocking him down. Ledgett
was in turn given battle by another turf
man, and for a while it looked as if the
struggle would be a gory one. It sub
sided quickly and the mare was bid in by
"Daggie" Smith for her owner, Hiram
Elliott.
In the 2:26 trot Donathan found much
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
SACRAMENTO RACETRACK— TweIfth day of the meeting of the
State Fair Association, Saturday, Sept- 16. Weather fine. Track fast.
Starting Judge— Frank Covey.
FIRST RACE— Trotting, 2:26 class; mile heats, best three in five; purse, $10-30.
Alexander Brown's br. m. Lottie, by San Diego by Whippleton (C. Spencer;... 1 1 3
Psyche, eh. f.. by Cupid (Donathan).. 8 2 J
Eleanor Ann, b. m., by Illustrious (McGregor) *
McNally, br. g., by McKlnney (Hoy) ~~ 6 3 4
Maud Newman, m. m. by Anteo Jr. (Cuircello) ....— — ♦ *
Lottie Parks, b. m., by Cupid (Lafferty; ~~ ~~.. 8 6 «
Time— 2:l9^. 2:21%. 2:20.
SECOND RACE— Pacing, free for ail; mile heats, best two In three; purse $1500.
F G. Crawford's b. h. Don, by Falrose by Primroae (Reldy) -«. 14 1
Fannie Putnam, eh. m., by Christmas (Jeffries) * 2
Floraclta, b. m. by Red Cloak iDurfee) SI
Al Gregor, eh. g., by Strathway (Donathan) » - J * *
Beechwood. br. m., b> J Ellkwood (Baker) » l &**■
Much Better, b. m.. by Charles Derby (Bunch) ~ distanced
Time— a:^ 1 ,. 2:1414. 2:HK..
T^¥ ¥^i^TP¥^¥/^ ¥^¥^¥ TP
eLel licit DELI
"PACKS" ' wp|
DJftsr but llttlo froni th* common, «7t;ry-day "^^^^^^^^
•ort of quack. The latter fills you up with --»Vff^?«S ffli^Tßß^)
poisonous drugs, while the former impose In- 7*^3* **
f'-rtor old-it belts upon you at most out- A'j V' /jr^X*K«L^-
ra««ou« price*. A good el*ctrto belt Is a eo<*i ' ' V iJlttlzM^^^YSi^^^
thing: for you if you lack strength and vitality, ' VSF^^l A/'jWßi^
but b» sure yok get a good one. Wo mal;e eleo- :^^^vg^ ! A wfAM/'
trie belts. Call at our faotory and sajeb.ooms iJ^S*^**^
and «amlne the Kteodi for yourself. T^ere ar« /V^^^\ / >i> l^^&_^
no quacks connected with our establishment. If '^ it^s&l&&im£&s£\*'
you cannot coll, Bead So In stamps for our ' V§Pa§ll3&Vv v
prle* list and "Booklet No. I." Ad<lr»s§ XHMIiEBy h>
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
«2O Market Street. Opposite Palac* Hotel. San Fraoolsoo.
Scist
..«„,,,.., in keeDing Psyche on her fee.:,
£5% consefulnie the steady-going Lo£
?u took the 51000 purse in straight heat*,
driven with rare judgment by C. Spencer.
S o » ie horses were called Psyc),,
oneSed favorite in the books but later
Swwavto Lottie, whose odds were cut
f^m wenstH to 5. In the first hear.
EleTnor Ann took the pole position fro:,
Maud NeVman at the first turn shown.;
thtwivtothe stretch, where the fay
lt« Dashed her. At the paddock Psycr. .
MI Uke a ghost .went up in g
SSi "fiEWPSSi 'orok^af ■'
word was of yen. but showed the stretch
enal turn of sp^ed through the sv
andin a hlrtly exciting finish was bear '■
out but half "a length by Lottie ■•
mare had led throughout. The thir ,
concluding *eat was easy bad jimmy a;
ehofce Plvche making a bad jimmy
the stretch turn, but again managing to
finish second. Third money was earn..!
"The Mo'n r ta:ia n youngster Bathos went to
the pott a 3 to 5 choice for the first two
year-old scramble, and after racing ; .
in the lead with Druidess to the stretch
beiran backing up. Ruiz, on the second
choice. Bo£ Us g Bill, here slipped through
on the inside and looked to be wlnninp.
when Silver Bullion came with a rush,
winning by a short half length. The win
ner, a son of Key del Tierra. was the en
try of Theodore Winters. Show honors
went to Druidess. " '.
Only three started in the special handi
cap at a mile— Cromwell. Hohenzollern
and Jennie Reid. The first horse rule!
favorite in the ring, and at the end won
hands down in 1:41-*. Macklln, who ha I
the mount on the chestnut, allow*;!
Hohenzollern and the three-year-old to
go out and race each other to a.stand
still, when he made his move over a fur
long from the wire and found it clear sail
ing. Jennie Reid was second in a drive.
Of the cheap bunch of maiden two- <ir
olds sent to the post in the sixth event.
Loyta. the Cambridge stable entry, en
joyed a decided call in the betting, with
Rose of Hilo next in demand. Frawlry,
on the latter filly, succeeded in getting %
flying start and was never headed, down
ing the first choice five lengths. Britt, a
15 to 1 shot, ran third.
The final six furlong sprint with a bi<
field of thirteen starting was captured lv
the 7 to 5 favorite Yule, after a mild ■< •
of a drive with Negligence. Black Orphu i
finished third.
GAME SEIZED.
Warden Fallon Confiscates Consign
ments of Striped Bass and Quail.
The Fish Commission in its endeavor
to stop illegal fishing yesterday confis
cated through Warden Fallon 300 pounds
of striped bass that were not up to the
required weight.
The fish were consigned to A. Paladini
and Cereghino & Co. were distrib
uted among the orphan asyiums through
out the city.
Two dozen quail were also seized at
"vVetmore Bros 1 , store for being out of sea
son. George Rubenquist, a porter
received the consignment, was placed un
der arrest. His case will be tried befora
Judge Conlan on next Friday.TEACHERS GIVEN
CERTIFICATES BY
COUNTY BOARD
Fruitvale Asks for
Manual Training.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Sept. 16.
The county Board of Education held a
regular meeting this morning and took ac
tion on the following 1 applications for
teachers' certificates: Miss Gertrude Will
lama and Miss Marion Madsen were
granted renewals, and the following were
granted High School certificates:
Misses M. A. Crittenden. Margaret
Webb, Harriet Godfrey, Laura L.
Bartlett. L. B. Bridgrnan, M. O.
Brownsill and Mrs. Eva M. Stone,
Grammar grade certificates were.
granted to the following: Misses Ag
nes Gallagher, Clara Mansfield, Marcla
Ard'.ey. Ethel Whitney, Grace Beek
man, Leonore Busey and Florence
Garratt.
Misses E. L. Altken and May Nal
smith were granted kindergarten cer
tificates.
Miss Susan Shoemaker was granted
a drawing certificate.
Miss Erne E. Reeve was granted a
State certificate and and Miss A. M.
Richardson a life State certificate.
Miss Lulu Heacock was granted a
ctrtiricate to teach French, on the rec
ommendation of Professor Paget of
the State University.
School Trustee W. S. Dunleavy of Fruit
vale appeared before the court, accompa
nied by Miss Swasey, principal of the Up
per Fruitvaie school, and requested that a
department of manual training be estab
lished for the schools of that district.
They wanted the board to authorize the
department, so that the Instructor mleht
be paid out of county school funds. The
suggestion was made to have an instruct
or teach a class about two hours daily, at
a cost of about 125 a month.
The board was not certain as to ita
powers in the matter, and decided to re
fer the question to the District Attorney.
Should such action be declared legal, the
board may authorize such a department.
It has been the custom when any new
branch of study was introduced to make
it general all over the county, and if the
funds will permit this may be done In this
case.
MISS WILKINSON'S RECOVERY
IS STILL DOUBTFUL
OAKLAXD. Sept. Miss Maude Wil- !
kinson, daughter of Principal Warring
Wilkinson of the Deaf and Dumb and ;
Blind Institution at Berkeley, is lying
critically ill at her father's home on j
L'tvtght way, and fears are entertained
that she will not recover. Miss Wilkinson ;
was suddenly stricken about a week ago i
while in San Francisco with her father. (
viewing the display of the architectural
designs. Happily their family physician. 1
Dr. Wall, was with them, and rendered j
instant assistance. It was found that ]
she had ruptured a blood vessei In her
stomach in some unaccountable way and
wa.= perilously ill.
Miss Wilkinson was for a time a stu
rltnt at the State University. Her health. :
however, prevented her finishing the
course. She has many friends among the
your.? people at Berkeley, who will hear
With deep regret of her condition. A few
monsho ast> Miss Wilkinson's engagement
with Professor L J. Richardson of the
Latin department of the State University
was announced.
■ m «
FARMER HART WENT ON
AN ANNIHILATING TEAR
- — John Hart, a far
";idcat Canyon, was arrested
g by Deputy Constable J. B.
■ rd on a charge of ms mischief
-red by Robert Armstrong, who has
■Viiliam J. Dingee's ranc:
It appears that Hart
an interest In some of the grain on the
•at h!s interest was re
attached. This morning, wl
was under the influence of liquor. Hart
. ■ about the
ranch, and when Armstrong re
ttrated with him he drew a large
■ ■ n his pock^- and lnvli
tight H- was brought I
immediately released on furnishing $25
: ail.
A . A
0 Ourtoday's specials mustf
f\vin many customers. f
a Low prices talk better^
than a column of argu-^
iments. 0
Sugar lb 5cJ
§ "Sprecicel's best" line, dry cane. f
\ Only brand of sugar we handle— A
9 no beet— no China sugar. Will f
sell you any quantity at this \
0 price— big or small. f
Japan Rice. ...6 pounds 25c^
a Er»ra fancy— quality. A
Beef.. ...2 lb can 17ci
Fairbanks — usual price »SC. \
0 Always ready for use. 0
iC.&B. Paste. White Jar 15c^
* Genuine Crosse & Blackwell's \
¥ anchovy and bloater paste, reg- f-
. ular price 25c. A
IN. Y. Cream Cheese.lb 16cJ
* Martin ' 6 Eastern fall cream. '
0 Regular price 30c. m
Pimolas Bottle 16c^
Jl'.tted res, stuffed with Spanish v
f pimentos— a good appetizer. Reg- f
ular price 20c. A
{Port Costa Flour bbl <3.50J
9 In 100 pound sacks— regular price 3.75-
F French Sardines.3 cans 25cf
A Albert Re. he brand. A good §
w sardine :n good oil— full sire can. \
'Costa Rica CofFee lb 20cJ
0 Fresh roasted-raakes a strong. f
\ rich cup without being bitter. *
0 Regular price 2«c. ¥
4 •lmperial Blend Tea. lb 35cf-
a Regulnr price 50c. Try a pound A
™ —or j;t a sample— if you are not W
0 already a customer of it. 0
iNutmegs 10 for sci
* Regular s-*e— only price cat in two.
▼Whole Cloves.. ..pound 10c
0 Genuine Zanzibar usually 20c to f
OT* Garden Syrup
0 we!l known r\ illon can 60c
9 -pure sugar Ljallon can oUc
0 syrup. Regular price - ;c _
X 735 Market St. 6. F. SkMtuefc At, Berkeley
F 1000 Wanhlngton, Oak >tz»l At Alimeda 1
. 9th * Waihington. ■• *th * Wood. Oak i
0 E 12th 4 13th At, "
FORGETS THAT
HER HUSBAND
TRIED MURDER
Judge Smith Orders a
Trial.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 16.
Although Edward Rockhill and his wife
have forgiven each other and are now
living together as peacefully as doves the
husband was held to answer to-day to the
Superior Court for attempting to murder
his wife a month ago. When the Rock
hllls quarreled Mrs. Rockhlll swore to a
complaint charging her husband with try-
Ing to murder her with a butcher knife,
which he, according to the lady's story,
used very freely in slashing her breast.
The husband claimed that when he at
tempted to punish his wife he was suf
fering from a charge of buckshot in his
left shoulder, which he claims Mrs. Rock
hill had shot into him with the family
shotgun.
When the case was first called before
Judge Smith the pair were willing to tes
tify to all kinds of heinous thir.gs against
each other. Since then they have patched
up a peace and in the interval have con
cluded to forget and forgive. In the Po
lice Court to-day Mrs. RockhtU was put
on the stand for cross-examination, she
having told her direct story of the at
tempted tragedy two weeks ago. To the
surprise of the prosecution she said she
was not responsible for her previous tes
as she had not taken food for
eral days and her head troubled her
at the time.
The witness stated that eight years ago
she suffered an injury to her head and
since that time her memory Is very bad.
She said that they were both angry at
the time of the attempted murder and
she believes she was aj much to blame aa
her husband.
In answer to a question by the court
the lady said she could not tell, because
of her excitement at the time, whether
her husband cut her on the breast or not.
But she did remember that while she had
hold of a shotgun In the barn it went eft
accidentally, but she never shot her hus
band Intentionally.
Judge Smith decided that the evidence
justified holding the prisoner under $2000
bail and the wife left the court to secure
the necessary bondsmen.
HE IS BOYCOTTED IN
MOTHER-IN-LAW'S WILL
OAKLAND. Sept. 16.— Samuel H. Jenk
ins to-day petitioned for letters of ad
ministration on the estate of his mother,
Adeline M. Jenkins, who died In Alameda
August 2S last, leaving real property on
Santa Clara avenue, near Eighth street.
Alameda. valued at about $:;.VX'. besides
personal property ar.d stocks valued at
about $2000. Under the terms of a will
dated June IS, ls9S, and witnessed by E.
K. Taylor and Lizzie A. Guion of Ala
meda. testatrix bequeaths to the petition
ing son and a daughter, Mrs. Florence
Tallon. in equal undivided interests all
property which may come to decedent by
gift, devise or succession, or which If liv
ing she would be entitled to as heir at
law, and the property of which testatrix
was possessed at the time of her death
is bequeathed to the daughter upon the
condition that she shall not at any time
give. loan or in any manner transfer any
of said proper! to her husband. In case
at Mrs. Tallon's death before the estate 13
distributed all property goes to the son.
DELAY IN PROBATING
VANDERBILT'S WILL
Family Awaits the Arrival of Alfred
Vanderbilt, Who Is Traveling
Abroad.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— The will of Cor
nelius Vanderbilt will not be probated
nor its contents made public until young
Alfred Vanderbilt, the second son, can
reach home. He is now in the mountains
of Japan. It will be four or five weeks
before he can arrive in New York at the
quickest. . ;
This decision was reached to-day by the
members of the family and their lawyers
at a conference in Senator Depew'3 of
fice. These gentlemen agreed that Alfred
Vanderbilt was one of the chief heirs to
his father's estate and it would be far
wiser and more considerate of his inter
eats to defer probating the will until he
could be In New York.
A cable message was lent to him. tell
ing him to return to v v York with all
possible speed. This canceled a previ
ous cable message advising that he com
plete his tour around the world, as his
presence six weeks after the funeral
would do no good. What else was de
cided upon at the conference was not
divulged. Each of those present left the
Grand Central station separately. All re
fused to say a word save Mr. Depew,
who 'simply announced that all action
would be deferred till Alfred Vander
return.
The entire will and codicils are in Mr.
Vanderbiit's own handwriting. He wrote
the original document several years ago.
submitting the rough draft to his law
yers. Several codicils were added from
time to time. All in turn were revised by
the lawyer that each might be in proper
legal form. Then they were returned to
Mr. Vanderbilt, who Is said to have copied
the entire will and codicil again in
his own handwriting. It is not a long
will.
Mr. Vanderbilt had very clear ideas
about the division of his vast estate and
framed these ideas in very terse English,
which left no doubt a3 to his intentions.
He often told his lawyers that he did not
wish his will crowded with a mass of
legal verbiage.
Cornelius vanderbilt Jr. has not been
disinherited because of his marriage to
Miss Grace Wilson against his father's
wishes.
BREAKS PACING RECORD.
Sunland Belle, Driven to a Waggon,
Makes Fast Time.
CLEVELAND, Ohi B Lt— At the
weekly matinee of the Gentlemen's Driv
. > iub this afternoon Sunland Belle.
driven by Harry Deverfaux, broke the
I ins; to wagon. She went
against her own record of 1:08%. She
made the mile in 2:074, the last quarter
1 paced in 31 seconds. The fastest two
heats ever trot' i ad to wagon in
B race were made this afternoon by T»m
per, owned by W. M. Cummer of this city,
and' driven by him. She wr-nt the two
heats in 3:10% anJ 2:11. beating out Agate.
driven by will White.
Searching for Mrs. Knudson
REDDiNG, Sept. 16.— The search for ;
Mrs. Louisa Knudso-n has continued ail
day but no trace of the missing woman
has 'been found. This morning: the divi
sion of the Sacramento River known as
wheel ditch was dragged with grappling
hooka To-morrow several large search
ing parties will be organized. One will go
down the river and the other will scour
the [Is and canyons back of Redding.
New Bicycle Record.
BROCKTON', Mas?.. Bept I l :.— At the
new bicycle track to-day the world's five
rrlle unpaced amateur record was broken
by James F. Ingraham of I^ynntield, who
defeated J. R. Dubois of this city. Last
■meek Dubois broke the world's record for
five miles, making it in 12:87. Ingraham
did the distance one second faster than
Dubois, in the face of a strong wind.
San Jose Wins.
SAN T JOSE, Sept. 16.— The San Jose and
Stanford baseball teams played for the
Associated Charities to-day before a large ;
r4wd The college boys were not in good |
form though they exhibited plenty of
en«W- San Jose won by a score of 8;
to 0. '
HE SAX FTtANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
HIDDEN IN THE HILLS
FOR TWENTY- FIVE YEARS
0 f\ AKLANT), Sept. 16.— "VCnUe hunt-
I ing in the wild country- back of
V M Haywards John J. Rose and F.
% B. Hooson discovered a hermit
. whom they thought might be Phil
O Crowley, who escaped from Sheriffs in
X this county four years ago, or possibly
V Dunham. The hunters were pretty
0 badly frigrhtened. and as they ap
>♦> proached the wild-looking individual
iO> they kept their guns handy.
HI Nordike, the name the recluse
O gave, said he had been living In the
!& hills for twenty-five years, and had
2> not been into town for ten years. He
Q has run barbed wire around a piece of
' land about forty feet square, and lives
V in a cabin seven feet square. It has a
X mattress on the stone floor and a
> stove, but no furniture. The large
O stones that form the foundation for
q his cabin were carried down, one at a
time, from the neighboring mountain
£ side. Nordike says he does not care
> to 6ee any news of the outside world,
v and is suspicious of all humanity. Ha
Z lives on what he cultivates and kills with his gun. and says he has never
l£ had any use for doctors. He was much flattered when the hunters took his
§ photo. Nordlke's hut Is in the wildest part of the Palomares Canyon, about
eight miles from the town of Haywards. A man could hide in that part of the
country for years without any fear of being discovered except by accident.
The two children are named as executor
and executrix in the will.
KEESING TELLS WHY
MOTHER GAVE A NOTE
He Was to Have Been Cut Off in Her
Will— Now She Seeks to Have It
Canceled.
OAKLAND, Sept. IS.— hearing In
the suit of Mrs. Hannah Keeslng against
her son, Albert Keesing, wherein the
mother seeks to have canceled a promis
sory note for $4000 which she had given
him and which has since been transferred
to the latter'a wife. Lou: - Keesing, the
Olympia Thea"ter songstress, who a few
days ago while testifying threw court
and attorneys into convulsions of laugh
ter with her versatility and eccentricities,
was resumed before Judge Ellsworth to
day and concluded. Mr. Keesing testified
to-day that on December 6. 1896. nis moth
er gave him a note for JtiOOO on con
sideration that he be cut out of her
will, she desiring to leave his share of
the estate to a little child she had adopt
ed, and of whom her son is the father;
that a month later he met his mother and
asked her for $2000. He received the
amount, returning to her the JBOOO note
and accepted a new note for $4000, which
the mother now seeks to ha" canceled,
because she fears it will be disposed of to
some third party. The case was finally
submitted and the attorneys given leave
to file briefs.
« ♦ «
Injured While Fighting Fire
OAKLAND. Sept. 16.— Enoch Hall, col
ored and aged 17 years, had a narrow
escape with his Ufa this morning at his
home or. Eighth street, near Washington.
While putting: on his clothes he brushed
a lighted lamp off the washatand and
presently •he burning oil ignited the car
pet and a bureau. Young Hall fought the
flames desperately for a few moments,
finally extinguishing the blaze by piling
all the bedclothes on the burning carpet
and bureau. In so doing he stepped on a
piece of broken glass, sustaining an ugly
gash on the right foot. He was afterward
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
Steward Borchut sewed up the wound.
PROGRESS OF THE ODD
FELLOWS' CELEBRATION
THOSE WHO WILL BE ASKED TO
TAKE PART.
Reports Show That Then Will Bo
About Five Thousand People
in the Grand Procession.
At the meetirg of the executive commit
tee of the Odd Fellows' Golden Jubilee
last night it was announced that at least j
five thousand persons will be in line in
the parade. It was decided to extend an
Invitation to the Governor and staff, the
Mayor and Supervisors, Grand I»dge of- \
fleers of the Odd Fellows, officers of the
Grand Encampment, the commander and
staff of the Patriarchs Militant, the of
ficers of the Rt»l^kah Assembly, the or
phans of the home at Gllroy and the '
Odd Fellows of the home at Thermalito. l
It was decided to have five floats in
line In addition to such as may be in
troduced by individual lodges. These five
are to be: One to represent the orphans'
home, one for the Rebekahs, one for the
encampment and two for the subordinate
lodges. The general relief committee and
the employment bureau of this city will
also be represented. The decoration com
mittee presented a report of details as to
what it proposes to do In the matter of ■
decorating the Odd Fellows' building, t.ie :
Pavilion and the streets on the line of |
march.
It was decided that no other fraternal
or beneficial organization should be asked
to participate, but that volunteers or sol
diers in the regular service should be :
asked to participate.
At a meeting of sub-committees from
subordinate bodies held last night with
the parade committee, Walhalla Encamp
ment reported that It would parade in j
carriages.
The German lodges reported that they
would form a division or the parade and
have a float.
Pacific Lodge announced its Intention to
parade.
The lodges of Oakland will turn out
about SOu members.
Apollo Lodge announced that it will
have a float in line.
Magnolia Lodge will turn out In a body. !
There will be a large delegation from i
Sacramento in line.
Farnsworth Lodge, the baby lodge of
this city, will parade with a float, consist- ]
ing of a large baby carriage drawn by
small animals.
Fruitvale Lodge will make a good show
ing and have a float.
MURDERED BY A MEXICAN.
Quarrel Ends in a Fatal Stabbing
Affray Near San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Sept. 16.— A telephone mee
sage from El Cajon, twenty miles east
of this city, says that about 10 o'clock
Catruza Almadras, a Mexican, and a half
breed, twenty years old, named Rodri
guiz. quaireled while going to a dance
and Almadras stabbed Rodrignlz to death
and fled. The affair was witnessed by a
an, who is now in custody.
Breaks Running Record.
LONDON, Sept. 17.— At Rochdale to-day
11. "Watkins broke the hour running rec
ord, covering eleven miles and 1286 yards.
A STRANGER ROBBED.
John Shank Alleges That He Was
Victimized in a Third-Street
Saloon.
John Shank, a guest at the Grand Ho
tel, complained to the police early yester
<iiy morning that he had been robbed of
$300 in paper money In Jamea Kilgallon's
saloon. 3<"'O Third street.
Policeman Tyrrell went with Shank to
the saloon, and Klli?allon stated that
Shank, who was considerably under the
influence of liquor, had visited the saloon i
earlier In the evening and had told him '
that he had been robbed in some saloon j
on Third street, but he was unable to tell :
Just where it was located. Kilgallon de- I
FACULTY AND STUDENTS
DEPLORE THE RUSH
A FULL INVESTIGATION HAS
BEEN ORDERED.
It Is Thought That Severe Punish
ment Will Be Meted Out to the
Ringleaders.
BERKELEY. Sept. IS.— The action of
the freshmen and sophomore classes of
i the University of California in Indulging
! in a disgraceful mix-up yesterday morn
ing is universally deplored by both the
members of the faculty and the student
I body. Not only was the fracas a serious
; violation of college rules, but like the act
:of hoodlums. Condemnation is coming
'. from all sides for those who were respon
i sible for the outbreak.
i The faculty have taken the matter up
I and their action is awaited with Interest.
I Professor Thomas R. Bacon and Prof's
sor M. W. Haskell. both of whom assisted
in putting an end to the fight, declare that
it was the most disgraceful incident that
1 has ever happened on the university cam
pus. If the rest of the professors share
! in this feeling it may go hard with the
I students upon whom the blame is finally
i fixed.
The gravity of the situation is seen in
the action of Regent Andrew S. Hallidie,
acting president of the university. Re
j gent Hallidie has appointed a special com-
I mittee consisting of Professor Walter Ma
gee Professor Frank Soule and Colonel
I George C. Edwards to Investigate the
affair and prepare a report. The matter
will also come under the coenizanoe of
the ■=•.•■- affairs committee, to which
Professor Bacon belongs.
Inasmuch as the affair was not a pre
! meditated outbreak it is doubtful whether
i the latter committee will expel from col
lege the hostages of the sophomore class
which it has retains for the purpose of
trying to prevent just such outbreaks ad
that of Friday.
So far no notices have been sent out
citing students to appear before the com
{ mittee, but it is thought they will take
' action on Monday.
nled that anything of the kind had hap
pened in his saloon.
Shank was closely questioned by the
policeman, but all he could get out of
him was that he would know the man
who robbed him, although he was unable
to give any description of him. An effort
will be made to find the robber, but it is
believed to be hopeless.
■ ♦ «
FOR SELLING MORPHINE
Severn Miller, clerk In R. E. Rockstroh*?
drug store, Seventh and Howard streets,
who was convicted by Judge Graham on
the charge of selling morphine to Ada
Alters, a confirmed "fiend," without a
physician's prescription, appeared for sen
tence yesterday morning.
The Judge sentenced him to three
months' imprisonment in the County Jail
without the option of a fine. "This crime,"
said the Judge, "is worse than robbery,
as it makes physical and mental wrecks
of men and women and should be se
verely punished."
Rockstroh, the proprietor of the drug
store, was recently fined $.?00 by Judge
Treadwell on a similar charge, a^.d the
fine was paid.
■ ♦ « — ■
Labor Council's Work.
The Labor Council at its session Friday
night received, from Secretary Rosenberg
a report of his labors in the prosecution
of the proprietors of the Union Iron
Works before the Federal court for a
violation of the eight-hour law with men
working on Government ships.
The action was undertaken by the labor
organizations of this city at the instance
of the Boiler-makers' Union, whose men
complained of the Union Iron Works in
particular, as all the other shipbuilders
had recognized the Federal law. The
present prosecution will test the law as
applied to transport vessels undergoing
repairs by contractors.
After a spirited debate and a close vote
of 13 to 13. the section of the Labor Coun
cil constitution which precluded political
nominees from retaining a seat in tho
body of the council was stricken out.
The matter is. however, not decisive, as
It must come up at a future meeting for
final action.
Delegate Charles Slepel was seated from
the Stereotypers* Union, as was T. D.
Conness from the Electrical Workers.
Slebe & Green sent in a communication
requesting a further conference with the
executive committee regarding the boy
cott which has been placed upon that
firm.
■ ♦ »
John Flynn Returns From Klondike.
John Flynn, who has been absent from i
the city for the past two years In the i
Klondike, has returned. Ha Is the only j
one of a party of five who left here on
the first gold excitement In the frozen j
north that has come back.
In his party were Dr. G. W. Brook,
Harry Brook, William Redman, Joe
Choynskl and himself. Of the party '
Choynskt was killed by a landslide on j
his way through the mountain pass. The \
other three met with misfortunes which
detained them north for some time. J
Flynn, who is over sixty-five years of age,
comes back with sufficient nuggets in his j
possession to carry him through the bal
ance of his days.
■ »-♦-•
California Academy of Sciences.
The regular meeting of the California .
Academy of Sciences will be held to-mor- |
row evening at S o'clock in the building j
on Market street. Mary Roberts Smitth, j
assistant professor of sociology at Stan- i
ford University, will lecture on "Respon- '
Pibllities of Employers of Domestic Ser- ;
vants."
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Hall, Luhrs & Co. and Adams, Booth &
Co. yesterday filed a petition In the
United States District Court to have
Gray & Kipp. merchants of Shingle. El
Dorado County, declared involuntary in
solvents. , - ..
John Hammack. mill man of Amador
City, liabilities $1435, no assets.
, ■ . ♦ m
Milk Not Poisoned.
Will H. Crocker says thp story of an at
tempt at Burlingame to poison Prince
Poniatowski's dally Supply of milk is
without foundation in fact. (The of Mr.
Crocker's cows was sick two weeks ago I
and the milk givm to the children pro- I
duced slight sickness.
BERKELEY JUDGE
THREATENS UNCLE
SAM'S OFFICER
Federal and State
Laws Clash.
BERKELEY, Sept. 16.— Some decidedly
! startling developments are growing out of
; a law case now in progress In the little
court at the university town. The grav
ity ef the affair has never been equaled
, here. As an upshot of the whole thing
: Justice of the Peace Robert Edgar came
within an ace of committing Deputy In
ternal Revenue Collector FranK Fletcher
| to Jail for contempt of court.
Two weeks ago the police arrested
Charles Schmitt, charging him with vio-
I lating the one-mile liquor law. Schmltt is
: the proprietor of a place on Center street,
i below Shattuck avenue. The case against
him Is a strong one from the evidence
gained during the raid made by Marshal
i Lloyd and his deputies. This afternoon
the accused liquor dealer was brought up
for trial. He was represented by Attor
ney M. C. Chapman of Oakland as coun
i sel, Town Attorney Brewton. A. Hayne
■ representing the city.
The ordinary preliminaries of trial had
! been gone through in the customary way
when Attorney Hayne surprised the
courtroom by calling to the stand Deputy
Internal Revenue Collector Fletcher. Up
on Fletcher's testimony the prosecution
expected largely to rest its case. It has
long been known to the police authorities
that revenue collectors have exacted
! money from liquor dealers within the one
j mile limit. It was known to the prosecu
tion that Fletcher had been seen in
Schmitt'3 place. If Fletcher could be
brought to acknowledge that he had col
lected money or had asked for money
from Schmitt the evidence would prove in
valuable to the city.
Fletcher took the stand and was duly
sworn. He admitted being in Schmltt's
place on the date named by the prosecu
tion. But when Attorney Hayne asked
him to relate what was said and done
there the court came to a deadlock.
; Fletcher flatly refused to answer. The
prosecuting attorney argued and ex
! plained. Judge Edgar likewise argued and
i explained. But Fletcher persisted in his
! refusal. When asked for his reasons he
I stated that as a United States official he
! was not at liberty to reveal any Govern
! ernment secrets. Attorney Hayne expos-
I tulated and Judge Edgar expostulated,
but without avail.
It was then that Judge Edgar became
i threatening. He told the witness that
I unless the prosecuting attorney's ques
j tion were answered he would be com
mitted to jail for contempt of court.
Fletcher remained silent, however, and
the court was about to carry out the
threat, when Attorney Hayne intervened.
He asked the court to continue the case
I until Monday, in order that the revenue
i collector might consult with his superiors
ias to the course of action. Judge Edgar
. hesitated, but was disposed finally to
grant the attorney's request, although he
i explained to Fletcher that if next Monday
, '. he still persisted In his refusal he would
i be committed to jail at once.
Aside from the legal technicalities In
| volved, the presence In court of a United
States official to testify to the direct
. : legalizing on the part of the internal reve
i i nue officers of a traffic expressly forbid
, ; den by the constitution of the State is suf
; : flcient commentary upon a state of things
■ | which the whole police force of the uni
i versity town has been trying for years to
suppress. That the one-mile limit law Is
: ! openly violated by at least five •or fix
• I places within a few hundred yards of the
i | State University grounds is, of course,
fully understood by the residents of the
--. .- - .- ■'- j-~ ,
GOLDEN JUBILEE OF THE
FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH
RETTNION OF MEMBERS IN HON
OR OF THE OCCASION.
The Past IHscussed and Predictions
Freely Made of the Institution's
Growth in the Future.
Th<»re was a reunion Friday night of
the members of the First Baptist Church
to ceiebrare the golden Jubilee of the or
ganisation. The pvi-ning was one of rem
iniscence. The history and growth, the
trials and tribulations of the congrega- ;
tion were the favorite themes of all those
■who made addresses. While there was a
general review of the past, the future was
net overlooked, and th^re were many pre- I
dictions that the prospects were bright I
and that the good work of the church
would so on and Increase as the years
wore away and that the centennial cele
bration would find it in even a more flour
ishing condition than did its golden. Ju
bilee.
The reunion was held in the lecture
room and the Sunday-school apartment of
the church. In the parlors leading off
the lecture-room tables were set for 150 ;
guests, where, following the addresses,
refreshments were serveu to the old mar
ried folk, while the young people who ■
were not inarrieil and those who were en- |
gaged, as the pastor put it, were fed on j
ice cream and cake in the main lecture
room.
In calling the assemblage to order. Rev. '
E. A. Woods, the pastor, called upon the
Almighty to bless the occasion of the re
union, the n&mn, memory and influence ot
the church ar.d the sole surviving repre
sentatives of the founders of the Institu
tion fifty years ago. Mr. and Mrs. John F.
Pope.
Mr. Pop* reviewed the early hlatorv of
the church, dwelling upon the hardships
and struggles of the little congregation
to maintain its house of worship. He said
that he and his wife had been members
of the Baptist church for over sixty year«
and now that their lease of life had al
most run they calmly and trustfully
awaited the final call. In early days the ;
church numbered among Its membership ;
people from all sections of the country, i
who brought with them different ideas
and customs. There were men from the
South and men from the North, and when
the war broke out members of the con
gregation almost feared to mention to
each other the great national Issues which
then threatened the country. Forbear
ance had marked all Its deliberations and
in the end the church derided to throw '■■
Its comparatively feeble strength and in- I
fluence for the maintenance of the Union. ■
The congregation upheld the Vigilance I
Committee and took a prominent part in j
all the public matters that agitated the !
then troubled community. He remarked j
that the devotion of the women of the !
church was one of the features most po
tent in maintaining its existence.
Finances of the church were discussed
by B. C. Wright. He presented figures to
show that during its fifty years the con
gregation had poured Into the pulpit
alone over $150,000. Its choir had cost
$30,000 janitor $17,500, taxes and insurance
$25,000, gas and lights $20,000, repairs $10,000,
interest $77,500. benevolence. $s<>.<*K>. Other
minor items brought the grand total ex
pended by the members for their religious
welfare lip to the neighborhood of half a
million dollars. E. F. Joy talked on the
women's work in the church, and mission-*
ary work was discussed by W. B. Thomp
son A few remarks were made by <*ap
tain M. C. Prindle of the United States
navy and Major W. A. Gilbert, paymaster
in the army.
The exercises in connection with the
golden Jubilee will close with Sundays
services at the church.
.' ♦ '
Through Two Wars.
Chaplain C A. Cressey of the Thir
teenth Minnesota Regiment, who has just
returned from Manila, will preach a
patriotic sermon at Simpson Memorial
M.nhodist Church, corner of Hayes an.i
Buchanan streets, this morning at a
o'clock, 'i he chaplain has passecf through
two wars and has been on the firing line
■with the boys and has many experiences
to relate.
business portion of the city. All the ef
forts of the police authorities ?o blot out
the Illegal traffic have proved of no avail.
But that Federal officers should have been
drawing money from the men thus en
gaged in violating Scate laws, on the very
ground of that violation, will come as a
surprise to the residents of Berkeley,
more especially as the Federal authorities
refuse to allow their part in the matter
a public Investigation.
DEBT COLLECTORS FREED
BY FEDERAL GRAND JURY
OAKLAND, Sept. 16.— The sending of
Information regarding a man's Insolvency
through the mails upon a postal card is
not a felony. Nor is it any offense, pre
sumably, against the postal laws. A
Federal Grand Jury has handed in an
opinion stating that It has decided to Ig
nore the charges against Messrs. Heaton
and Hobson, debt collectors of this city.
This matter has excited much attention
since the arrest of the conecting arm
some months ago for sending to W. H.
Stanlels of A'.ameda a card informing him
of the dismissal of his insolvency peti
tion by Judge Hall. This action was con
sidered as being In the nature of a threat
by the Federal authorities, and was re
ferred to the Grand Jury, which body has
Just decided there was" nothing in the
presumption of criminality, as the Insol
vency proceedings of Staniels are mat
ters of public record.
Frier-Manifold Wedding
ALAMEDA, Sept. 18.— M!ss Charlotte
Ledyard Frier of 2117 Santa Clara avenue
and Richard Going Manifold of San
Francisco were married last evening at S
o'clock at Christ Church. Rev. Dr. T. J.
Lacey officiated. The numerous friends
of the contracting parties filled the large
church, which had been tastefully deco
rated by the members of St. Agnes Guild
flowers, palms, bamboo and lovers' knots
in ribbons being used. The bride's party
entered promptly at 8 o'clock. The ushers
August Koerber. Edward Frier and Ben
jamin Ramsdell, led the way, followed
b* Masters Stuart Frier and Charles
Manifold as attendants, the bridesmai'l?.
Misses Louise and Isabel Frier, th* maid
of honor, Miss Bessi* Frier, and the bride
and her father. George Frier. They were
met at the- altar by the groom and the
best man, his brother, Harry Manifold.
The bride was given away by her father.
The dress worn by the brfde la a family
heirloom. The dress, of mull beautifully
embroidered, and the veil, also embroid
ered, came from England and are over a
century old. They were worn by the
maternal great-grandmother of the* bride
of last evening at h*r wedding.
After the wedding ceremony the bridal
party and relatives proceeded to the home
of the bride's parents, where a wedding
supper was served. The groom la h( a<l
draughtsman for the Edison Light and
Power Company of San Franciso. The
bride is well known In Alameda and has
a large circle of friends. Her father.
George Frier, was fnr years James G.
Fair's repres<»ntatf'-e in the Nevada Bank.
Mr. and Mrs. Manifold will reside in San
Francisco.
■ ♦ ■
Saved an Old Man's Life
OAKLAND. S*pr. 16.— Frank McAllister,
a West Oakland p' umber, proved himself
a hero to-day. William Crokf-r. air
years and residing at P'-ralta and Seventh
streets, while crossing the railroad tracks
in front of his home failed to sp? an ap
proaching train; the er.gr. - :, but
he heard it not; and just as the train was
about to add another victim to its long
list of fatalities young McAllister rusned
f-Tth. at the risk of his own life, and
drugged the aged man from his perilous
position. He was properly applauded and
complimented by those who witnessed the
darini? ace of bravery.
STATEMENT
— OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the Slst day of December, |
A. D. 1898. and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash ■■ $500,000 CO j
ASSETS. .
Real Estate owned by Company $323.6T1 37 i
Loans OB Bonds and Mortagages 2.034,199 17
Cash Market Value of ail Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.963,13125 ,
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 151.550 CO
Cash in Company's Office 11,365 89 1
Cash in Banks 155.U07 01
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 20,154 09
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 65,672 83
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 881,403 26
Bills receivable.- not .-Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Riska
Rents due and accrued 2,633 75
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid... 20,073 74 .
Total Assets '. ..$6.430,863 38
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $129,355 7?
Losses in process of ■ Adjustment or
in Suspense 123,816 21
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 36,410 93
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,792,93$ 75;
reinsurance 50 per cent 888,494 38:
Grose premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,039,-
-100 09; reinsurance pro rata..'. 1,129,056 17
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks, $ ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Tims
Risks. $ : reinsurance 50 per
Amount'reciaimable by the insured
Vmount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance poll-
Ct... ..." 1.943,312 72
All other demands against the Com-
pany 301,271 39
Total Liabilities ..$4,565.917 59
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,522,173 33
Perpetual deposits received 51.704 33
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages :••;••/: 130,300 23
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
ail other sources 135,06142
Received for Rents 6,637 94
Received from all other sources 17,748 33
Total Income ..$2.863,623 Ci
EXPENDITURES. ~
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses (ln-
* eluding $212,7*5 58, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,533,541 36
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $■ . losses of pre-
vious years) ■•••■
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -■ 552,589 14 i
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 264,193 73 !
Paid for State. National and local
taxes • 81,003 04
All ether payments and expenditures 130.637 16 ,
Total Expenditures ..»2.g11.9<19 32
Fire.
Losses incurred during the r » $1,591,997 43
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. : Premiums.
Net amount of Risks)
writt»n during the
year 1296.6?9.«M $3,353.834 04
Net amount of Risks
expired 'during the
year 311.862.977 3.2W.257 S3
Vet amount In force
* December 31. 1598....1 355.208.085 I 3.832.133 34
E. C. IRVIN. President.
BENJ. F. HERKNESS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 23d ;
day of January. 1599.
THOMAS B. PROSSER, Notary Public.
T. C. SHANKLAND,
ST/%TE AGENT.
JNO. D. RICHARDS,
Manager S. F. Department,
219 SANSOME STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THEY CLOSED
THE POLLS AND
WENT TO LUNCH
Fruitvale Election In
validated.
Oakland Office San Francisco Ca'.l,
908 Broadway, Sept. 16.
The election held at Fruitvale to-day for
the purpose of determining the question
of imposing: a tax to raise $1000 for the
maintenance of the flre district in that
quiet and picturesque suburb of Oakland
for the next twelve months was knocked
Into a cocked hat In a way that bespeaks
some of the wonders that can be accom
plished through the clever manipulations
of politics.
The quiet suburb is rapidly growing and
Is already thickly settled. That the dis
trict needs a fire department of some sort
has long been apparent, but there are
many residents who beiieve that they are
already taxed overmuch, hence there was
a bitter opposing faction at to-day's elec
tion.
The election officers had been duly
named, and the polling place, on East
Fourteenth street, between Fruitvale ave
nue and Bassett street, selected.
During the early hours of the morning
but few appeared at the polls, and there
was but one election officer— R. Campbell—
on duty. At noon the poll was closed
while the officers went off for their noon
day lunch. They had not gone far nor
long when several electors— presumably
of the opposition faction — called at the
poll, and tinding the place deserted we c
thus deprived of the privilege of casting
their votes, a fact which, under the law,
invalidates the election.
The electors thus deprived went away
angered, and the news of the invalida
tion was soon the chief topic «f talk at
every street corner in town. It was very
evident that the majority of property
(wntn are against the tax, and it is
even hinted that the opposing forces in
duced the election officers to do as they
did in order that the election might be
invalidated.
"At least two-thirds of the people here
In Fruitvale are opposed to the tax," said
G. R. Warren, a prominent resident of the
suburb, this evening, "and there is quite
r strong sentiment prevailing in fa\
consolidation with Oakland. I understand
that there were but ninety votes cast at
to-day's election, and that the majority
was against the tax for fire department
purposes." _______ ______
A Short But Lively Set-To
OAKLAND. Sept. 16— There was an ex
citing mix-up in the County Recorder s
office to-day. Blows were struck by Ch;*-f
Deputy Recorder Bob Leckie and Alt x
Agard^ a clerk employed by Search
Records McKean. who had passed some
uncompllmenta.rv remark about Leekle'a
method of recording. The office stove was
overturned, as was also a heavy I
and the Kt-to w as witnessed by an aggre
gation of deputies and searchers about
equally divided as to the favorite. The
honors were also about equally divided,
and neither of the novices were any the
*nni« for thp encounter.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHCENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF London. England (established 17<!2). on
the Bst day of December. A. D. 1834, and
for the year ending on that day. as made' to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... :
Leans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and ■
Bonds owned by Company $2,224,157 50
Amount of Loans eecurad by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral ««-,
Cash in Company's Office 13.550 & ?
Cash in Banks . ;; 312.6.2*1
Interest due and accrued on all _.
Sucks and Loans 24,610 00
Cash in hands of United States
Trustees aii.— • 350,107 ° 3
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
ticn • ;•— 154.0W1 .*
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued •••••• ••■•
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid..
Total Assets ..$3,120,075 03
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid I 24,104 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense ISS.2TS CO
Losses resisted. Including expenses... 24,4aa M
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,500,701 02;
reinsurance 50 per cent 700,150 51
Gn -^ premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlft more than one year. *1,173.- „„ '„
Ho 64; reinsurance pro rata ««.0«8 »
Gross premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent —
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $— ; reinsurance 50
Another demands against the Com-
pany ~ 1-1.532 «
Total Liabilities ..$1.745.145 S3
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums .............$1,992,438 82
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums •-;•••: :
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ..............
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources W.4OC S3
Received for profit on sale of "securi-
ties 3,498 05
Received from all other sources 3.363 19
Total Income ..$2.075,700 50
EXPENDITURES. . ~~
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $283,742 73. losses of previ-
ous years) $1,132,711 M
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
■ (Including ■ $ . losses of
previous years) —
Dividends to Stockholders
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 428,!33 78
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 135,134 17
Paid for State, National and local
tajtes • 62.S<V) ( 9
Ail other payments and expenditures. 210,091 09
Total Expenditures .- ..$2.027.431 82
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year $I.ISS,SIS 93
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
yVar . ....•■■• $355,433,306 $3,003,147 28
Net amount of Risks
exulred during the
ySr •• 403,181,283 3, JOS, 248 54
Vet amount in force
" December 31. IS9S 289. 855. 424 2.673,966 66
E. B. CLARK. Assistant Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 2Sth
day of January, 1 5 99.
GEO. O. RUGER. Notary Public
BUTLER & HALDAN,
General Agents for Pacific Coast,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO.
1516
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of th« San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, op«n
until 12 o'clock every night In th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES— SJT Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SOO Hayes street; open until »:30 o'clock.
€39 McAllister street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
615 Lerkln street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
3941 Mission rtreet; open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntll 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 o'clock.
li ■•?€ Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH SHRVICBS.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Powell
and Geary sts. Rev. John Hemphill, D.D..
pastor. Services at 11 a. in. and 7:45 p. m.
The Rev. William Martin, M.A., of Santa
Rjf-8, will preach morning and evening. Mu-
sic, morning— "Te Deum" (A), P. a. Bchneck-
.i offertory "In Kneeling at the Threshold.
Radford; alto solo and quartet; solo. Mrs.
J. E. Birmingham. Music, evening— Anthem.
Benedic Anlma." A. .' Holiien; offertory,
"The I-ord Is My Shepherd." Henry Smart;
soprano an.i alto du«t, Mrs. Mark and Mrs.
J. E. Birmingham. Strau_-ers cordially In-
vited to all services; courteoua ushers.
Come all.
THE First Unitarian Church, southwest corner
Geary and Franklin st«.— Rev. Dr. Stebblns,
Minister Emeritus. The Sunday-school la at
10 o'clock. The morning service is nt 11
o'clock. Rev. E. Bradford Leavitt of Wash-
ington. D. <■ will occupy the pulpit. Sub-
jects of Bermons — "The Way of Sal-
vation"; evening, "A l>i«i»on in Freedom
Evening service. All an? cordially invited.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts.— N. Beard,
D.D., pastor. Preaching at 11 a. m. by E.
McCllsh, D.D., president of the University
of the Pacific. Sunday school at 12:30 p. m.,
J. G. Sanchez superintendent. Epworth j
League at C:3O p. m. Preachink: at 6:45 p. m. j
by Rev. Thomas Filber of Pacing Grove. All
are cordially Invited. Seats free.
HOWARD-STREET M. E. Church— Morning—
Sermon by Rev. Dr. Rich; anthem. "Lovely
Appear" (Gounod); offertory, soprano solo, j
"Glory to God" (Gray); Miss Mabel C. Per-
kins. Evening— Sermon by Rev Harry C.
Richardson assistant pastor; anthem, "As
Pants the Hart" (.Spohr); offertory, soprano
solo. "Consider th« Lilies" iTuplif), Miss Ida
Gordon.
BIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev. j
John Stephens, p_ntor; residence, 30S* Haight
St. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Chaplain Creasey of ths Thirtantb Minnesota
Regiment will pr«uch at 11 *. in. und the Rev.
Dr. McCllsh at 7:45 p. m. Special music by ;
the new chorus choir. Sunday-school. 12:20 p.
m.. C. B. Perkins, superintendent; Epworth :
League service at 6:30 p. in. The public cor- '
dially Invited to ull the services of this j
church. Sents five. -Ushers In attendance. i
Prayer meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock. »
CHURCH of the Advent. Episcopal, Eleventh
si , near Market — Rev. Herbert Parrlsh, rec-
tor. Holy eucharist, 7 a. m.: holy eucharlst
sermon, 11 a. m. ; evensong, 7:45 p. m. The
rector will preach both morning and evening.
Eeata free_ Vested choir of men and boys.
6T. PAUL'S Church. California St.. near Fill- |
more— Rev. W. Maxwell Reilly, rector; Rev. |
A. C. Wilson, assistant. Holy communion, 7:30
a. m. Sunday-ech.jol. 9:45 a. m. Morning
service and sermon by the rector. 11 a. m.
Evening service and surmon, 7:30 p. m.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet and I
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., •
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. i
Rev. E. H. Llbbey Of Illinois will preach !
morning and evening. All are oordlaily In-
vited.
6EVENTH-DAY Adventlst Church. 914-91S La- j
mina st.. bet. McAllister and Golden Gate
avf> Elder J. O. Corliss, pastor. ServlceR — |
Sabbath (Saturday), Sabbath school at 9:43 •
a. m. Preaching at 11 o'clock. A series of ;
discourses every Sunday evening at 7:45 p. m. I
Subject to-night, "The Coming of the Lord."
Tuesday evening. lecture on "Healthful
Dress." ■Wednesday evening, prayer meeting.
Thursday evening. lecture on "Ventilation."
Seats free. All invited.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
Block. 223 Sutter St.. between Kparny st. and
Grant aye.— Christian Science Bible lesson at
11 a. m.; subject, "Reality." Sunday-school 1
for children at the same hour. Wednesday :
evening meeting at 8 o'clock. All are welcome. i
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. ; subject.
"What Is True Success?" Services every
Sunday In Tosemlte Hall, Native Son.-' build"-
ins. Mason St., between Geary and Post.
Take elevator.
NEW Jerusalem Church (Swedenborglan). 1686
O'Farrell ft. The pastor. Rev. D. V. Haven.
will preach at 11 a m. text, "Seek Ye First
the Kingdom of God " Free library of. New-
Church books. No evening service.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. HO
Post st. Preaching, 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m.
This church was organized by command of
God to proclaim the eternal gospel as a
"sign" of the near approach of the Son of
God to give to every man his rights and
punish the wicked.
ASSOCIATION Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
sts.*— Mass meeting for men this afternoon at i
3 o'clock: address by Rev. L, J. Carver; sub-
ject, "The Christian: Success and Failure."
All young men invited. Registration In as-
sociation night school for men begins next
Tuesday.
THE Thoopophlcal Society— Public lectures to-
night in Odd Fellows' Building. Seventh and'
Market sts.. "The Divine Man." by Mr.
Charles P. Neilson. Inquirers' meetings Tues-
days, 8 p. m. ; Thursdays, 2:30 p. m. Lotus
Circle, Sundays, 11 a. m.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
A FREE lecture this evening at 8 o'clock on
"The Wonders of the Human Brain" (con- '
tinued by request), by Dr. .1. Depew Kergan '
(of Drs K. & X.'s Electric Sanitarium), at >
Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 909 Market St..
followed by magnificent views of a tour of j
Belgium. Those attending this lecture rqay !
procure free tickets to the wonderful X-Ray :
exhibition at the Sanitarium on Tuesday j
evening next.
BOUL culture meeting to-night 7:30; class. Wed. j
2. Thur. S p. m., free; In psychometry. Tups.
8. Thur. 2 p. m.. 2."« c; In clairvoyance, Tues.
2 p. m., 25c; healing class. Wed., Sat. 10 a. ,
m., free; seances (brief, private) Mon., Frl. I
1 to 10 p. m., 10c. H. H. BROWN, 521 Turk.
BOCIETT. of Progressive Spiritualists. Occi-
dental Hall, cor. Larkln and McAllister sts.,
Sunday. Sept. 17. at 7:30 p. m. Speaker, Mrs.
B. S. Lilllo. Subject. "The Work Before !
Us." Every ona in sympathy with us should ;
be present.
A. O. F. Bldg.. 10? O'Farrell, near Alcazar. 8 p. !
m.— Prof. Gee, test medium; Mrs. Bell Hyatt
Owen, famous spirit artist from N V., paints
spirit picture on rostrum; gives it to the one
recognizing It; other paintings presented; 10c.
AT Dr. Rlnes' spiritual society, 909 Market st. :
11. free; 2-8. 10c; Mrs. Reeley, Vlgers. Gllling-
ham, Davlson; Kstle Hussmann every
Wednesday, 3 o'clock, S3S McAllister st.
TEST meeting Sunday, 2 and 8 p. m.; 10c: 14S I
Sixth St., room* 1 and 2. R. A. Stltt, Mrs.
Vigors, Hargrave, others.
4
C V. MILLER'S athereaUxlnjr materializing '
seance to-night, S o'clock; 50c. 409 Leaven-
worth st.
MRS. C. J. METER, spiritual test meeting to-
night 8. 335 McAllister. Skeptics Invited; 10c.
Mrs. Harland's test circle to-night^ pealed let- '
. ters read, 10c; trance bus. readings. SI. 34 Cth. ;
LARKIN. 117, 8 p. m.— Church of Divine Spir-
itual Truth. Mrs. Wr&nn, others; collection.
AT 117 Larkln at., Wednesday, ; p. m, eplrlt-
ual teat meeting; Mrs. Hrijgs. others; 10c.
KATIE BEUSBMANN. sittings dally, |1. 641
Jessie Ft. Circle Friday evenings, 25c.
EDWARD EARLE'S seance to night Septem-
ber 17 • o'clock. 3SO Ellis si ; 25.-.
MRS. MENA FRAXClS.~lndependent sla"t»
writing medium. lIS lluight st.
MEETINGS- — inlverßiil Unit _«-rh ond. '
THEOSOPHICAL Society in America. SI? Mar-
ket «.— Lecture to-nle:ht, "Personal Salva-
tion." by J. 11, Griff ec; International Brother- ;
hood League, Tuesday night, subject, "L«- ,
khl Revenge." '
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. U. and A. •"
M., will meet THIS I 'AY (Sunday). __\
jit l:S0 o'clock, to attend th? funeral or V?
our late brother. WILLIAM SMITH. /^t^
Master Masons are Invited. By Order of the
• W. M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
TEMPLAR Rebekah Lodge No. 2!', .s;— __
I. O. O. F. The officers and ■=*jg2r3sfe
members are requested to attend
tire funeral of. our late sister, "'" "*•
ELVIRA ROSTER, from I. O. O. F. Hall,
TO-DAY (Sunday) September 17. at 1:30 :
p. m. MINNA PLATH, N. G.
LOYAL ''alifornla Lodge No. 7005, vSSr-"^-
I. O. O. F.. M. N.— Members «**■-*£_ ' "-&-
requested to attend the funeral '^r
of our late brother, P. G. E. POT- ' ">* m
TEH. from the undertaking parlors of James ,
Hagan, HE Valencia St., on MONDAY, Sept. i
lfi. at i p. m. H. V. WILLISTON. P. S.
THOMAS M. MILLAR, N. G.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. I. O. ,<_f3iSyw
O. F. -Important business, B_s?fS2>i_B
amendment to bylaws, Mi'". *£ift??2?<*!r
DAY EVENING, September IS. -^,W**^
.IM>9. >.<-•■•. H. L. TODD. N. Q.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. ._j__3S_fc.
('. r.— Will meet THIS J)AY -^___£>H|'
(Sunday) at 11:30 p. m.. to c.in- *£jtßjP
duct the funeral of our deceased ~w»»»
brother. E. R. KNIPPENBERG.
CHAR WILSON, N. G.
W. H. BROTT, Rec. Sec.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
''all. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11,
postage paid.
ACCOUNTANTS.
fc>. K. BAI.LARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audits &
adjusts account* for corporations A- firms: ref.
ATTOKSEYB AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Btocktn.
CLARA FOLT7.' attorney at law, Crocker
bids.; tel. Black 71; practices In all courts.
L. S. CLAKK. Emma fipreckels building. 927
Market; consultation free: no fees In advance.
J. K. fAKKJSK. SilS Market tit., room «><; advlo*
free; charge low; business pushed. _' "
.NAULt; & MAGLE, Attorneys- it-L*w, Emma
Bprcckels build 927 Market st.
AUVIi'K-lree; no charge unless" successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at., opp. Mason.
i; i. Mill AM) ROOMS.
A NEW private family hotel; flrat class in de-
tail; under Eastern management; new and
nrti6tlc. anil decorations and furnishings
throughout; rooms may b« selected after Sep-
tember 15. The old Stevenson mansion, opp.
Grace Church annex. SOT California st.
MOTEL FAlKMOUNT— Strictly first-class: 1714
Market »t., 8. F. Cal.; American and Euro-
p«an plan: elegantly furnished rooms. stogie
or en suite; board and room. $1 per day up;
rulteii without board. $1 per day; single rooms.
(Co: special rates by month, also to tourists.
AN exceedingly Quiet and attractive private
Spanish borne; good table; suitable for 2 gen-
tleman or married couple, use of telephone;
reference. 220 Gear) St.
AN exceeding!} quiet and attractive home is
open to a tew appreciative people: terms, in
advance, $35. Home, b«x 2267. Call. _
ELLIS, 607— Well-furnished front rooms, with
good board; bath; telephone; gap; piano.
GEARY, 938— Elegant suite, bath, front gar-
den, separate entrance: also single rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. -Double or single
room, with or without board; private family;
reasonable.
LARKIN. 914— Large alcove for 2 gentlemen;
private family; with or without board.
NATOMA, 283, near Fourth— Board and room
for gentlemen; price reasonable.
O'FAHRELL. 605. cor. Ijeavenworth— Large
sunny rooms, with excellent board; beautiful
grounds; reasonable; reference^.
O'FARRELL, Clean, comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents.
POST. MM One large alcove front room; also
sunny room; board for couple or two.
VAN NESS aye., Nicely furnished rooms
and board; all modern conveniences.
VAN NE9B, »44— Elegantly furnished rooms;
excellent board; special rates to couples.
BOAKDIXU FOR CHIt.DRfe.X-
LADY having nice home, large yard, would like
child to board; not under 4 years; objec: com-
pany. Apply 439 Minna st. near Sixth.
CHILDREN to boanl ; home comforts: large j
yard. Call or address 615 Eighth >■<.. Oakland. |
CHILD to board: sunny yard; nice neighbor-
hood. Apply 261S Hush st.
WANTED— lnfant to board; $10 per month. 210
Lexington avw.
HOARD AXD ROOMS WASTED.
ROOM and board wanted by a steady young
man: central location; private family pre-
ferred; state terms- O. 8., box 2144. Call.
ROOM and board for lady and child in or hear
Presidio; reasonable. .1. J._M.._K-'2::_>*olit_i-t._
HOOKS — SEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission St.. near Third, j
BUSINESS CHANCES.
RESTAURANT
FIRST-CLASS
COUNTRY TOWN
MUST SELL OFPKR WANTED
H. C. DECKER, 1020 MARKET ST.
CIGAR store; great sacrifice this day; must
be sold. COWING & CO., 985 Market St.
BRANCH bakery at great bargain If taken
at once. COWING & CO., Wo Market Bt.
I2OCO -COFFEE saloon and restaurant vicinity
Call building; clearing $300 monthly; proof
furnished; sickness. M. LESS, 765 Market.
BUY or sell your business to your satisfaction.
Id to call at THE PACIFIC COAST EX-
CHANGE, 10O7Vi Market St., near Sixth.
A— s7so: PAPER route; call and examine. R.
G. WILKE. !-"0 Market ft.
WELL-KNOWN Chicago house wants desir-
able man with few thousand dollars capital
to establish and conduct branch business;
$200 per month and expenses; also special
profits; term of years; high-class business; I
goods widely known; $3000 per year or bet-
ter; Inquirers to receive attention must state
amount of cash capital; also approximate
financial condition, and name references,
HENRY WADE, Boyce building:. Chicago.
HERE Is a chance Saloon with 9 room*, suit-
able for family; In best pert of city; low
rent; will sell cheap; doing splendid business;
owner's retirement volntary; no agents, pur-
chasers only sought. Address box 2042, Call.
FRENCH bakery, candy, stationery, school
supplies, opposite school of 900 children; doing
$20 business day; milk alone pays rent: 4 liv-
ing mis., bath; rent $16. Jones & Co., $65 Mkt.
FOR SALE — bakery, confectionery, notion,
coffee anil ice cream parlors; rent $10; doing
1260 per mo.; good reasons for selling. Address
J. A. WOODARD, Fruitvale aye.. Frultvale.
. i !
$400— OAKLAND bakery, candy and tamale
parlors; choice locality: pays big: old stand;
worth double. BALSBURY, 908 Broadway.
WANTED— A good, reliable druggist with small
capital; a chance of a lifetime to the right
man; best reference required. Address Man-
ager. 8 Market St.
FOR sale cheap; grocery store In North Berke-
ley: account of sickness; good business corner;
horse and wagon. P. O. box 13, Berkeley.
WOOD and coal yard on account of sickness; a
bargain: established 25 years. JOHN A.
LENNON, 31.". Clay st.
DAIRY and delicacy business; good steady cash
trade; must Fell; cause sickness. Call morn-
ings. 1109 Folsom st.
THE opportunity of a life time— Wanted a
man with $I.*oo for abstract of title business.
Box 2192, Call office.
AN offer wanted: old-established corner saloon;
side entrance to tamale cafe; fa'.r stock and
a good business. 632 Market St., room 6.
PORK and delicacy store; full stock: receipts
over $600 month; trial given 125 Fifth st.
BAKERY and delicatessen store: 5 living
rooms in back. 1234 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale ch»ar> — Bakery and notion store; 2
good living rooms. Call at 252 Eighth st.
GROCERY and bar for sale. 1552 Folsom at.,
cor. Twelfth; price $400.
MAN with $200 for working partnership; Inves-
tigate. Box 2055, Call.
FOR sale— One-half Interest In country news-
paper; oldest and host In county; largest cir-
culation; good business; county seat; Republi-
can; best climate In California. • Address
FRED LORINO, LRkeport.
A CHANCE for house painter; old-established
business, tools and stock; low rent. 926
Washington st.
BUTCHER shop; good location; cash business;
sickness cause for selling; a bargain. Box
2073. Call office. .
AN interest In a placer mine In California;
must have $500. Box 2196, Call.
$550 SECURES third Interest In Pacific Coast
Supply Company: Investigate; business prop-
osition; active man or woman. Call or ad-
dress Pacific Coast Supply Company, 122
North Sutter St.. Stockton, Cal.
BRANCH bakery and grocery store of 11 years'
standing to be sold cheap. GEO. W. 11.
PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
BARBERS— SI7B; 2-chalr short, fine fixtures.
nor S. F. : fine location: good prices; cheap
rent; $25, $30 week. JONES, bCS Market St.
$450— SALOON and lunch house; 9 rooms; best
location on city front; good place for man
and wife or 2 men, or will accept good man
as partner. Apply liquor store, 816Vs Folsom
•it.. Bear Fourth. ; f'.- s 5
$900-O LD-ESTA BLISIIED transfer cor. saloon
on two principal streets, south MarKet; well
stocked; good business; trial given. Box 2WS,
Call. ■-
RESTAURANT; paying; first-class location;
ail conveniences. COREY, 2418 Central aye.,
Alameda. - '
INVENTOR of an Indispensable tool wants a
moneyed partner; a good thing. Box 650,
Call office.
SANDWICH wagon ready for use. Apply 826
Treat aye.. near Twenty-second st.
RETAIL and wholesale wine business on Mar-
ket St.; widely known and well advertised;
steadily growing bar and family trade; own-
er completely retiring from line «f business:
rare chance for active party. Communicate at
once with D. E. N.. box 3203. Call office; no
agents.
TO LET— Fine business location, northwest
corner Post and Jerkin; 1003 LarWn. living
room, $17 60. 102 Eddy st.
SALOON— SSSO; fixtures alone worth price. 12
Seventh St.. I. O. O. F. building, opposite
new Postofflce building.
WOOD, coal yard: must be sold; double and
single team. 1038 Sutter st.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade; sickness. 1008 Hyde.
FOR honest dealing, buying, selling a business,
■ trust to Pacific Boom Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CABWELL & CO.'S\4l2 Sacramento st.
PRIVATE boarding house; 16 rooms: all full;
north of Market. Box U4l, Call office.
GOOD paying Inside rout* for sale; this paper.
Apply Cnll office.
FOR sale-Good paying lnsid» rout* on this
paper. Apply Call office. '_
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
DBLTvßßY^wagcMi carrying one ton; top and
road buggy, good as new. SHAW, 1621 Markt.
MO BETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. crTeap. EQAN * SON. 2117 Mission st.
i CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN y ou become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.: tel. S. 40.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
health." 312 McAllister Bt. ; phone South 146.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning' Co.,
'453 Stevenson St.; tel. South 223: lowest rates.
ADVANCK Carpet Cleaning Co., <02 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
i CARPETS cleaned at 3e per yard; laid at 30.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
'et.; cleaning, 3c per yard: tel Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 12«. &
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poleon oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory. .21 Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND M MUTUALISM.
ATTENTION! Your fate Is In your hands; If
you want a lot of information the best clair-
voyant and palmist In God's creation Is Mrs. j
Dr. Baylor; full name and description of fu- j
ture husband or wife; L. tic; g'ts, 50c: mall
j $1 tend date of birth. 15UH Market st., opp.
Van Ness aye. Cut this out; it appears Sun-
; days only.
I MMiE PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader: born with double veil and second
Right; diagnoses disease: full life readings;
ladies. 50c: gents. II; sittings. II 50. . 126 Turk.
C STEERS, medium, 1124 Oak St.: circles
Tu«:>. 8 p. m.; Thurs., 2 p. m. ; $25c; read-
I lne» 11.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller, newly arrived. 5
Hayes st., room 7. second floor.
PROFESSOR ZERA. the best fortune teller
In the city. 263 Third St.: uiictalrs^
! MME. HANSON, card leader and palmist; ;
past, present, future; 25c. 143 Sixth St., r. 12. |
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction guaranteed; j
25c; reading by mall $1. 5 Seventh st. j
] SPIRIT test, business medium: eit. 60c, II; cir- j
| cle Tues.. Thurs., Sat, at S. 10c. 510 Valencia,
I PROF. GEE, readings. $1: test circles Tues.,
Thurs., Frl.. 8 p. m.; 2.'> c. 1035 Market st.
MME. LANGE. queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar- j
ket, bet. 7th and Bth; fee 25c up: satisfaction. I
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. AUGUST, 1149 Mission St.. clairvoyant,
', rani reader and palmist; truth or no pay: 25c.
i MRS J J. WHITNEY, trance tent medium.
i life* reader, medical clairvoyant. 232 Stockton.
YOUR future told by cards. 25c: daily. 10 a.
m. to 10 p. m.; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 105 Larkln.
MRS C. J.MEYER. 335 McAllister, tests dally ex-
cept Wed.Sat.:2&Bp.ni..locA2.'o;slttlngs dally.
MME RYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
hand's picture. 25c-: Indie*. 914 OTnr-ell st.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY 1 Agency: no charge un-
legs yucceysful. Room 310. »7 Market Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath and yard; gar-
den. 121 PfeifT»r, bet. Stockton and Dupont. I
IVY aye . DSC — Three sunny rooms; basement; '
vir.l; $<:.
NEW cottage 6 rooms; elegant mantels; por-
celain bath; 125. Tel. Pine 626. 10 to 1. p. m.
TURK. — Cottage. 4 rooms, also cottage,_ 3
rooms, in rear; large stable; reasonable.
6-ROOM cottage-, furnished complete for house-
keeping; large yard: 115. 32 Dearborn St., off
Seventeenth, near Valencia.
I $10— COTTAGE, 4 rooms; large yard: basement. j
22>4 Rltigold St., bet. Eighth and Ninth.
;;- PRETTY cottage; ' 6 rooms: almost new.
' 2P6-* Twenty-first St.: key at cor, grocery.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. »77
Market St., over Cafe Zlnkand— extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; th» best and most artlslta
Cental work at reasonable prloes: pure gold
fillings from II up: other fillings from We:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and :
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from 14 50 up* flesh colored plates from 13 M
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh-colored plates, thinner j
Mud stronger than rubber, warranted for 20 |
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 60c; crowns. »3 50; plates,
full set, $5: all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket it., cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns.
13 60 up; plates, extractions free. 14 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.: Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St., ex- i
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2: bridges, 14;
rubber or flexible plates, }3; received 8 first
prlree: no studentp: guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operator*; no Ftudents. 997 Market st.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; nil work reasonable; gas given.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. 963 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
MEYER. 6 Turk: Deutscher Zahnarzt: crown
and brldre work: open Sunday". 9 to 11 m.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— to know that Mrs. Living-
ston of New York, owner and patentee of
"The Self-adjusting French System," has
taken parlors nt 583 Sutter St.. and desires the
' pleasure of showing this wonderful Invention
for cutting ladies' and children's garments
without paper patterns, pencils, weights,
screws or pins. Pupils taught separately the
theory of French dress-cutting, designing,
banting, boning, pressing, matching plaids
and stripes, princess dresses, skirts, sleeves,
coats, copying fashion plates and ladles' tall-
Mrs Livingston Is the leading designer and
teacher In New York; her new system for cut-
ting skirts and princess gowns is worthy of
Investigation; positively no alterations neces-
sary on any part of the skirt for even the
largest forme; dressmakers Invited to call and
compare systems: special Inducement* offered
to the first 10 pupils.
DRESSMAKING— Party dresses a specialty; U.
S. tailor system; very reasonable. 116 Twelfth.
LATEST patterns Just arrived from New York
at McDowell Dreywmnklng- School. 1"3 Post.
EDUCATIONAL..
HEALD^S~~Bu»lness College, 24 Post st., San
Francisco Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, telegraphy,
English branches, civil and mining engineer- |
ing, assaying, blowpipe, geology, mineralogy, i
surveying, etc.: electrical engineering— |
practice, design, construction, mechanical j
drawing; 25 teachers: Individual Instruction; I
200 graduates annually placed In positions; '
students can enter for any oour** any time;
no entrance examinations; n«w 80-page cata-
logue free.
A NIGHT School for Men, Y. M. C. A., Mason
and Ellis sts. — Opens October 2. Business and
Industrial — Shorthand, typewriting,
bookkeeping, electricity, mechanical and
architectural drawing, German, Spanish.
English, grammar, mathematics, elocution,
commercial law, physical culture 'classes, etc.
A membership privilege. Call or send for
school catalogue. Tuition within reach of all.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St., short-
' hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
♦ llsh. telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, ISO; catalogue.
A — THE Lyceum, accredited preparatory echool
for the universities, law and medical colleges;
day and evening courses; references, Pres.
. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Phelan big.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), Instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. 302 Montgomery.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as • teachers;
■ Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1233 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, 1 min-
ing-, mech. survey, oesay.archl. :day and even.;
est. 18«4. VAN PER NAILLEN. 833 Market.
INSTRUCTION given in piano, violin and sing-
ing;. special attention to beginners. 1133 Geary.
SINGING, piano: Paris grad. ; French, Spanish,
|2 mo.. 630 G. G. aye., r. 6-7; hours 2 to 5. ..-..-
__^ EDUCATIONAL,.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, " steam," graphics,
etc; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st. . ' '
LADY, experienced high school teacher, . Uni-
versity graduate, teaches in families. 954
Adeline at.. Oakland. ..
GUITAR taught scientifically and artistically.
Mrs. C. J. & Miss Elsie Tooker, 100S Bush St.
PIANO and German; pupil of conservatory of
Lelpslc; lessons. 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
LAW Schools, 927 Market, 8. FFt. t and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bub-
lneew College. 205 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetlcirrammar. writing;
day and night: terma low. 1024 Ml9Klon.nr.6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office—Japanese. Chl-
nese. 428 Powell, nr. Sutter: tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Bmp. Agency; all kinds
help. OKO. OAKI. 30 Geary St.: tel. Grant M.
EMPLO YMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A FIRST-CLASS Norwegian housework girl
desires a situation; 2 years last place. MISS
H. CULLIXAN, 323 Sutter St.
A FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situa-
tion; best ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 But- i
t<;r st.
A COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation In the country; good cook and house-
worker. Apply to MISS H. CULLINAN. 323
Sutter st.; phone Main 651. .:"'• v !
A COMPETENT French second girl desires a
situation; best ref. MISS H. CULLINAN.
523 Sutter st.
A NEAT yoMne girl desires a. situation; good
houseworker and plain cook; ref. MISS H.
CULLINAN. 383 Sutter St.
STRONG experienced girl wishes position at
general housework or cooking: good refer-
ence. Please call at 1908 Scott St., between
Pine and California.
COMPETENT Eastern woman wishes a situa-
tion as first-class cook and will do some
washing: city or country; has good references.
746 Mission st.
GOOD cook and working housekeeper will take
a place In American widower's family; no
postals; good city references. Box 682, Call.
COMPETENT reliable Infants' nurse, best of
city references, wants situation. 115 Walnut
St.. between Washington ana Jackson.
COMPETENT girl, 25. Protestant, wishes to
take care of children; a good home more
than high wages. Box 807, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a German woman In
ft first-class American family, to take care
of children and sewlnt; nine years In the
last place. M. G.. box 741. Call office.
GERMAN cook wishes situation: will do house-
work; good cook; wages 125. 242 Taylor st.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day wash-
I Ing and houßedeaninr; 11 a day and car fare.
I Box 861. Call.
AN experienced dressmaker, good cutter and
titter, will accept engagements In families;
II 25 per day; references. Apply 1514 Bu-
chanan st.
HOUSEKEEPER: respectable woman: good
cook; no objection to children; can instruct In
music and English; good reference. J. A. J..
3409 Mission st.
TRAINED nurse would like to care for Inva-
. lid In city or country; no wages; expenses.
Box 649, Call office ;
DRESSMAKER would like few more engage-
ments by the day; competent and experi-
enced; terms reasonable. 110 Hyde st., rm. 11.
EASTERN woman of 30 wishes position as
managing housekeeper; good home more of
an object than wages; city or country. 29
Eddy St., room 15, first floor.
WANTED— young woman, any kind of work
by the day; wages Jl 25 per day. Address
E. R., 208 Drumm Ft.
INDUSTRIOUS woman In need —-ants mend-
Ing or plain sewing to do at home. Address
box 755. Call office.
LADY would like plain sewing and mending to
do at home. 821 Mission St., room 1.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, washing.
Ironing and cleaning. £'6 Mission st.
AMERICAN woman wants place as cook In
small Institution Oct 1. Address box 8421,
Call office, Oakland.
WANTED by a trained nurse, to care for In-
valid; moderate wages. Box 2193. Call.
A YOUNG lady wishes a place as working
housekeeper. Call at 307 Fourth st., room 13.
WANTED by a well-bred, well-educated young-
woman, position as lady's companion or nur-
sery governess: reads v«<"". sews neatly. Is
pleasant, cheerful and jrining. Box 228 L. Call.
RELIABLE nurse In confinement, or would
take full charge of Infant or invalid: good
references. Call or address 28 Lewis St.. near
Jones, off Pc*t.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman would like to,
ret place as working housekeeper In country.
267 Stevenson Et.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go Into family to new;
do nil kinds of sewing; 76c per day. 2748 Har-
rison st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes situation; cook-
Ing or waiting at table In restaurant. Ad-
dress 19>4 Fourth st.
SITUATION wanted by first-class Gorman
laundress by the day. H. R., 140 Minna St.
EXPERIENCED woman wants chamberwork
and sewln* In the country: references. Ad-
dress box 2145. Call office. :■ •-. •-.-.•.,.-,
BEAMSTREBS wants position with dress-
maker: will teach tailor stem; best In use;
free of charge if given employment. Box
MM, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes plain sewing to do
at home. 821 Mission st., room 1.
MIDDLE-AGED respectable woman, Just ar-
rived from the East, wishes situation as
housekeeper In private family; city or conn-
try. Call at 1932 Mason st. MRS. WILSON.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants housework and
cooking. 1113 Fifth aye.. South San Francisco.
LADY wishes office position; accurate sten-
ographer and typewriter; salary |8 per week.
Box 2146. Call office.
YOUNG widow wishes situation ns housekeeper
In widower's family; fond of children: good
cook: city or country. Address H., 615 Lar-
kln st.
GERMAN woman wishes washing, ironing and
cleaning by the day. 1651 Howard .st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady. Mason's widow, of re-
flnemcr.t, requires situation as companion or
managing housekeeper for family; pleasant
horn« more an object than high wages; coun-
try preferred. Box M. Call office.
A NEAT and reliable rlrl would like a nice
place in a small family; is a very cood cook
and housekeeper: best of reference. Call at
46 Grove St.
RELIABLE girl wants position as second girl:
best Oakland references. Address box 824,
Call office, Oakland.
YOUNG lady assistant bookkeeper, legible pen-
man and cashier, desires position; hours, 9 to
4; salary |3 per week; references. Box 2058,
Call.
YOUNG woman from the East wants general
housework; small washing. 3993 Eighteenth
St., near Noe.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work In fam-
ilies or at home. 919 A Sutter St.; telephone
Larkln 962.
WANTED— By a first-class German cook, a
position In private family. Address J. S.,
2.18 Twenty-seventh st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 2Gc to $1 50 night; 11 50 to 'It
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4J4H O'Farrell st.: tel. East 42*.
A YOUNG man going to school wishes a place
in private family; Honest and willing to work.
Box 1295. Call. ■
PIPE-FITTER— Steam, water and gas; good
experience with pumps, boilers and engines;
will find tools. If necessary;, good references.
Box 2278, Call office.
WANTED position— Beginning January next,
by competent bookkeeper and accountant;
with present employment 6 years; satisfac-
tory references, W., box 978, Cullman, Ala.
HANDY man. age 25, wants situation about pri-
vate place or Institution. Box 2279. Call.
CARPENTER wants work; -. Is young and ac-
tive and all-around good mechanic; city or
country. Box 2151, Call.
ENGINEER and machinist, young and prac-
tical; can handle any kind of engine; all
kinds of repairing, pipelining, eto.; first-class
. references. Box 2142. Call.
HOTEL clerk, by an experienced man; letters
of recommendation and best reference. Ad-
: dress box 2150, Call office.
SINGLE middle-aged man, experienced In poul-
try, raising on a paying basis, familiar with
incubators and brooders, able to put up neo-
eseary buildings, understanding vegetable
raising and general farming, wants position
with party going In the chicken business, or
would work on shares; first-class references.
Address box 2283, Call o/flce. -
SOBER, competent. American, with small
family, wants position as working foreman
on ranch: understands grain, fruit, stock and
poultry raising. A<Mress P. O. box 15, Oat
Hill. Napa Co., Cal™ '
STEADY, sober young man would like a situa-
tion as second baker In hotel. Box 758, Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
WANTED— By a respectable young man. a po-
sition as groom or coachman; will attend to
garden and fowl and general jobs attached
to a decent private place: well recommenced
by society people. Box 771, Call.
YOUNG man will work on fruit orchard for $1
a day: must be steady place year around,
any part of State; well recommended, box
805. Call office. ■ -
MAN and wife like to have a place; man is a
good dairyman and milker: wife a good cook
arid housekeeper. Address box 853, Call office.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes situation
of any kind; understands restaurant business
thoroughly. Box 644, Call office. _,
THOROUGHLY experienced salesman, now
representing the largest manufacturer in the
East, having moved his family to California,
desires to connect himself with some reliable
house to 'represent them in California; am
capable of earning a good salary and will
not consider any line which will not pay it.
Address G. R. M., Oakland office..
MAN and wife wish positions; wife first-class
■ cook or laundress, man in or outdoor work.
948VJ Mission St., room 9.
MAN and. wife, - with a boy of I years, want a
place In country; man as gardener; can care
for horses and cows; wife a good cook and
housekeeper; can. give tiia best references.
Box 766, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable young man, ft po-
sition as groom or coachman; will attend to
garden and fowl and general jobs attached to
a decent private place; well recommended by
society people. Box 782, Call office.
WANTED— Position to take care of Institution,
public building or private place by a respect-
able married • couple without children; good
references; can put up security If required.
Addrcßs D., box 682, Call office. Oakland.
STRONG young man, 28. married handy, neat
and reliable, good habits, with References,
wishes work of any kind. A. J., box 781, Call.
COMPETENT stenographer wants employment;
steady or otherwise; owns machine. Box 773,
Call office.
WANTED — Situation as janitor or watchman;
thoroughly conversant with bell or electric
lighting; pood references. Address Adver-
tlser. box 779, Call office.
YOUNG well-educated German with $60 cash
wants situation in office, store, etc. Address
box 770. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German wishes position for
house and garden work; city or country;
email wages. R. X.. box 769, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener; thoroughly compe-
tent and good, careful driver; can milk and
do all other work around gentleman's place.
Box 896, Call office.
YOUNG man. Swedish, wishes situation In
city as porter in private place; last place 7
years; good reference. Box SlO, Call office.
WANTED— situation as first-class cheese and
butter maker; understands running engine
ond cream separator; will take charge of
dairy. C. G., 417 Kearny st.
FIRST-CLASS coachman wants work; well up
in the care of horses and all stable duties;
careful driver; understands plain gardening.
Address box 42, Call office.
COMPETENT rectifier and blander of spirits
wishes situation: wholesale or retail; under-
stands all branches of the business. Address
box 760, Call office.
BAKER, foreman, with best of references,
wishes place as such; city or country; bread
and cakes. Address Baker, 309 Third St.,
Oakland. :: ■;- .-'.*:.
A FIRST-CLASS cutter out of position owing
to his service during Spanish-American war
desires a oo?ltion In city or country as cut-
ter: doesn't ask big salary: will guarantee
satisfaction. Call or address W. DIDERRICH,
4621 Eighteenth St.
WANTED, by a married man, steady position
In wholesale or retail grocery or drug store;
6 years' experience; living wages, with chance
for promotion. Address or call W. G. X...
732 Howard st.
BARBERS— Experienced barber wants position
or good location in country town or camp;
sober and reliable; references. Address box
2C69, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a raiddle-a^cd sea
captain as foreman over a gang of men
or responsible watchman; references. Ad-
dress box 2061, Call office.
WANTED— Position as manager of either
stock, grain or fruit ranch by competent
man of family: best of references and bonds
If required. Address A. W., 1915 Fillmore.
WANTED— A position as blacksmith fcr a
sawmill; railroad and woods worlf. Address
box 2275, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man; talks French. English,
Italian fluently. White or call 23 Hunt st.
JAPANESE bos" wants situation as a school
boy. Address box 2194 Call.
STEADY young man wants position as black-
smith or horseshoeing; state wages. Box
2066. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class all-around
cook; city or short distance in country. Ad-
dress box 2049, Call office.
WELL-EXPERIENCED bar man wants posi-
tion; country preferred; speaks English and
German. Address box 2001, Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. i
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071 '--i Market St.. San Francisco. Exam, free.
EXCHANGE.
NICE improved residence In Berkeley, beauti-
fully laid out grounds, for small Improved
farm In bay counties; must have good water j
facilities. American. 34 K<»arny st.
FLATS TO LET.
CENTRAL are., 536, near Hayes — Choice up-
per flat, 6 rooms, bath and large basement.
FINE sunny flat. 5 rooms, bath, basement;
rent cheap. 2913 Bush St., near Lyon.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 roams, bath and sunny yard. 2509V4
California st.
FLAT of 4 unfurnished rooms and bath; sunny;
rent $12. 171S Leavenwnrth fit.
FLAT — rooms, yard and cellar. 519 Grove St.;
rent $15. ,->•: ". * -
FLAT of 5 nice rooms. 1230 Sacramento St.,
near Jones.
FOR sale or to let, a newly furnished sunny
flat, 8 rooms and bath; 878 Broadway, In-
quire 1402'/. Powell st.
GEARY, 222G— Two flats, 6 rooms each and
bath; all sunny.
GROVE, 364. near Franklin— Sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath; $20.
HARRISON. 981. near Sixth— Clean flat; 6
rooms, bath; rent $22.
MODERN flat, 7 rooms and bath: marine view;
sunny corner. Taylor and Green sts.; $27.
NEAR City Hall— sunny modern flats; 6 and
6 rooms and bath each. 26 Grove St., 25 and
27 Birch.
NEWLY furnished flat; 7 rooms and bath;
modern conveniences. Apply 144S McAllister.
NEW sunny flat, 7 rooms and 2 kitchens; lat-
est Improvements; bay windows. 417V4 Third.
NINETEEN and Noe, northeast corner—
rooms, modern; $14; water free. '. / ; : '.-
NOVELTY in flats,' 3 rooms, bath, all improve-
ments to make hemp comfortable. 1627 Folsom.
PAGE. 132— Upper part of 2-story flat; 6 rooms
and bath.
SCOTT, 1713, near Sutter— Five rooms and
bath.
TWENTY-THIRD. 4073—105 feet from Castro
cars; upper 6 rooms, large lot; $15; water
free.
UPPER flat of 4 rooms: large yard and stables.
2 Hayward St., off Harrison, near Eighth.
VALLEJO, 1123— Flat. 4 rooms, yard, $9: 1127
Broadway, up. flat, 5 rooms, bath. $16; reduced.
I CHOICE sunny flats; 6 and 7 rooms, bath;
sanitary plumbing. 1836-1340 Fell. nr. Baker.
4 ROOMS and stable; $10. Apply 2622 Mis-
sion st. ■■'..: -'■
$11— NEW lower flat; 6 rooms. 24 Maple court,
off Fourteenth Bt.
$13—209 WALLER st.; upper, flat; 4 large rooms
and yard. ____^
FOLSOM, 909, near Fifth: new bay-wln-
dow flat: 6 light rooms; bath; gas: "übs.
$16 ,0— GEARY, 1917; 4 nice rooms; bath; toilet;
nice yard; cellar; gas: furnished hall; op-
poslte-the park. • . ■ ■ ■■
$20— LOWER flat, 6 rooms, porcelain bath and
sink 2 mantels, pantry, yard. 2105 Jones st.
FLATS WASTED.
WANTED— Cottage or flat of 4 or 5 rooms,
with stable; state price. Address box 2153.
Call office. . .
WANTED— 4 or 5 room flat; no children. Ad-
dress box 2274. Call. "
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY Brußsel carpet sewed, laid and
lined, 25c to 50c; linen warp matting, 15c per
yard this week only. EASTERN OUTFIT-
TING CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.
NATOMA. 645— For «ale, the furniture of 3
rms. ; complete for housekeeping; $75; rent $11.
FURNITURE of an 8-room flat for sale: no
agents. Call between 11 and 3. 7 Hyde st. *
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
1 ranee. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market. |
FURNITURE WANTED.
WANTED-$5OOO carpete.furnlture.etc ; highest
price paid: postal. M. Sllversteln. 1121 Market.
~ riKKiiSR', runs, etc
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan toques, $10 to
$30. ROBT. WALLACE, 115 Kearny: top floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
HARPER'S pictorial history of the war with
Spain is approaching completion and the or-
ders are coming in faster than ever. It is torn
best work of the kind and the Quickest seller
on the market. I can use one or two more
first-class solicitors. J. N. ODELL, 206 Kear-
ny st. ;
AGENTS wanted— Men and women dot say I
want to get into business; Investigate. Ad-
dress or call PACIFIC COAST SUPPLY
COMPANY, 122 North Sutler st. Stockton.
Cal.
MEN & women to travel & appoint agents:
salary $75 mo., expenses: rapid advance-
ment; brilliant opportunity. Address, wltn
ref., BUTLER & ALGER. New Haven, Conn ;
CANVASSER to sell Government publication;
good opportunity. 6 Market St.. Jewelry store.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & C 0.... PHONE GRANT 185
2 waitresses. Stockton, $20; 4 waitresses, \ a-
llejo, $20; 2 waitresses. Salinas. 120; - wait-
resses. Bakersfield, $20 (arm work), fare here;
waitress. Bakersfleld. $20; waitress, $20, San
M.tteo (see party here at 10 o'clock Monday);
waitress, restaurant, San Jose. $25: waitress,
city $20; restaurant waitress, city. $6-$7 week;
cook, small hotel, country, $30; cook in deli-
catessen store $25; laundress. institution, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED girl for candy store, $7 a
week. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WOMAN for day's work. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary at.
40 GIRLS for city and country for general
housework. $15-$3 O. C. R. HANSEN &. CO..
104 Geary st.
A BOARDING-HOUSE cook, country, $30; 2
cooks, city, $30 and $25. Housework— Palo Al-
to, $25; Berkeley, $25; Alameda, $20; San Ra-
fael, $25: Oakland. $25; Elmhurst, $15, and
several other towns. A number of housework
girls, city, $25. $20 and $15; 20 young girls to
assist, $12 to $15; 2 waitresses, Hanford. $20
each; 10 waitresses and. chambermaids, city,
$20 and $25; German nurse, city, $20. MISS
11. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter; phone Main 651.
COOK. San Rafael. $25: see lady here Tuesday.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter Bt.
A NEAT second girl, city, $15. MISS 11. CUL-
LINAN. 323 Sutter et.
i A NEAT young eirl to assist in housework; $10
to $15. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
WANTED— Cook on farm. $35; 2 laundresses,
$30, $25; 3 second girls, $25, city and country;
German second girl, $20; Protestant second
girls, $20; 3 German cooks, $30; cook, 2 in fam-
ily, $25; restaurant waitresses, country, $25,
and city, $25; also a number of places, at $5,
$6 week; 8 waitresses and chambermaids, $20,
city and country: invalid nurse, $20; nurse
• girls, $15, $20: a number of girls for cooking
and housework, city and country. $20, $25. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
■ WANTED
Lady cashier for nice restaurant in city,
night work, $7 per week and board; laundress,
country hotel, fare advanced, $25 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
FINISHERS on coats, pants and vests; best
wages In the city. 641 Market et.
I
! LADIES' tailors— Operators wanted for the
country; steady work and good pay. Apply
Monday bet. 10 and 11 at P. GREEN BERG &
CO.'S, Flood building, rooms 28. 29 and 30.
i WANTED— girl for general housework
j and cooking; also girl, upstairs work and
I care of children. Apply 9to 5, 2813 Webster.
I WANTED— An apprentice girl for dressmaking.
! SO9 Pine at.
TRIMMER wanted— Only first-class need apply.
Call Monday morning. 1907 Fillmore st.
YOUNG girl to assist with general housework;
no washing. 1517 Baker st.
WANTED— Experienced waitress in restaurant.
755 Market st.
OPERATORS on waists, wrappers and skirts.
NEWBAUER BROS.. IS First st.
GOOD finishers -on vests; steady work: good
wage*. Call Sunday, 9-12 a. m., 854 Folsom-
WANTED— First-claps skirt makers at SCHIM-
MEL & STOVER'S, 408 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl to assist in light house-
work: $10. 2607 Clay St., before 12 o'clock.
NEAT girl for general housework: small fam-
ily; between 9 and 12. 2326 California st.
GOOD finisher wanted on pants at 935 Market
St., room 16.
GIRL or boy wanted for kitchen help. 742
O'Farrell st.
WANTED — on men's coats; steady
work. Metropolitan Tailoring Co., 571 Market
WANTED— Woman to help in kitchen, small
restaurant; steady work; also good waitress,
with reference. Apply 76 Ninth St., Monday.
WANTED— Experienced ostrich feather curler.
343 Jessie st.
MAN and wife, with 1 child, wishes to take
care or work on ranch; man a good farmer
and gardener: wife a good cook. Address
E. F., 28 Eighth St., room 77.
OPERATORS wanted on custom coats. 935
Market St., room 18.
WANTED— Elderly woman to make herself
useful abound the house; wages $10. Call 742
Fulton st.
— Experienced skirt and waist mak-
ers. Apply A. HOFFMAN & CO.. 412 Market.
BOOK folders wanted. Apply book bindery, 536
Clay *=t.
A FIRST-CLASS cook; one who understands
German cooking. Apply 2202 California st.
WANTED— Two energetic ladles to assist lady
proprietress to open branch offices in Eastern
Southern and Western cities; small capital
required. 6&S Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coata; good
wages; steady work. 410 Kearny St., room 33.
STRONG girl; housework, plain, cooking; 2 In
family; $15; small wash. ISIO Pacific aye.,
Alameda.
A FEW machines are yet vacant In our over-
all department; bright young girls will be
taken for Instruction; $4 to $10 a week can be
earned: steady work. STANDARD SHIRT
FACTORY, corner Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— Energetic- ladies desiring to make
money to call at 472' A Thirteenth st., Oakland.
WOMAN for general housework; one having
child from 1 to 5 years old can have a good |
home. Apply at 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
FRANCIS, 7?6 Butter st. ■ . -
YOUNG lady to Join trapeze team. Call rear
131 South Park, between 10 and 12 a. m. Sun-
day. MRS. J. CAMPBELL.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to , wait on
aged lady and assist In light housework: ref-
erences; wages $20. Call Monday between 2 1
and 4 at 2519 Bush st.
WANTED— Respectable German girl to keep !
house for a widower with 2 small children; :
must have good recommendation; must do
sewing, cooking and washing. Address stat-
ing wages. Y. W.. box 2143. Call office.
GOOD finishers on pants; steady^ work. 779
Market St., near Fourth.
OPERATORS on waiters' coats; steady work-
power. 636 Clay »t., upstairs.
PATTERNS'. PATTERNS'. PATTERNS!
Latest coats, capes and skirts cut to order-
up-to-date patterns a specialty; now is the
time to take a course in artistic and practical
dressmaking: we teach the making of every-
thing new. novel and stylish. McDOWELL.
103 Post st. -
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a.
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
EXPERIENCED operators wanted to take
work home on ladles' and children's wear. 723
Market st., room 35.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' capes;
good pay. MEYER BROS.. 7 and 9 Battery.
OPERATORS wanted in factory to work on
children's coats. 723 Market st. room 35.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with baby; ref-
erences. 419 Eleventh st. •
WOMEN and girls— Apply Immediately. CALI-
FORNIA CANNERIES CO. LTD.. Branran
St.. between Third and Fourth.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted: apply Im-
mediately. CALIFORNIA CANNERIES CO..
LTD.. Brannan%t., bet. Third and Fourth.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
. LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 3214 Fremont «t..
are putting in the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
PROFESSIONAL canvassers to demonstrate
Hoover Health Foods; call early; good wages.
1317 Market st. ■ ' .
WANTED— girl with good experience to
work at custom tailoring; steady work.
1175 A Market st. - ;•:„•.<>:•■
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
FRENCH-SPEAKING fancy goods saleslady
wanted. Apply box 1296, Call.
1 WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom
coats. 651 Folsom St.. corner Hawthorne.
1 YOUNG girl to assist with light housework.
Apply 339 Twelfth St.
! OPERATORS on body machine. U. S. LAUN-
DRY, Sixteenth St.. near Valencia.
IRONERS wanted by U. S. LAUNDRY ASSO-
CIATION, Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
WOMEN and girls wanted to worK on fruit at
176 San Jose aye. _i______
. a BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10% Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP "WANTED MA^^»
A- MURRAY & READY.. ..PHONE MAIN 6841
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
...Want to-day from 7 a. m
A— MECHANICAL HELP
Roller man, flour mills Coopers
Wood turners Harness-maker*
Carriage painters : Mill bench hands
! 9 blacksmiths' helpers. .l
UphoWterer and clerk -...Stiller for winery
Setter, sawmill. Sash and door makers
Cabinet-makers .Slate splitters
1 Blockmakers Stone masons
Lathers, mattress-spring makers, etc
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— ..BOILERMAKERS^ BLACKSMITHS
4 boilermakers, steady country Job
$3 75 day and found
5 blacksmiths and helpers
$2 to day, $50, $40, $30 and found
Horseshoer, country job '• $3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— 2o CARPENTERS, new house building, free
fare, 12 miles from city, 8 hours' work. .s3 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
A— 2s GRAPE pickers, Sonoma C 0.525. 525 and found
25 grape pickers, C. C. Co $30 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 3 MACHINISTS, near city. ~~~~~
I MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— IN SAN FRANCISCO
126 laborers and teamsters... s2 50. $2, $175 day
2 milk wagon drivers, $40; and other help
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS ... WAITERS ... DISHWASHERS
cook and assistant, country hotel $75
2 cooks, wives, country hotel kitchens $50
cook and dishwasher, fare 25c $65
4 hotel c00k5..... $56, $50. $40 and found
27 boarding-house plain cooks
• *50, $45, $40. $30 and found
3 camp and mine cooks $40, $45 and found
5 ranch cooks $30, $25, $20. $15 and found
6 restaurant first, second, third and fourth
oka -. $14. $12, $10 week
5 w , a u ers -- $33 - 30 $25, $20 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 638 Clay st.
A ARE YOU MARRIED? ."
Man as porter, wire as waitress, country
hotel $40 and found
man as waiter, wife as chambermaid
country . , 40 and found
man and wife, country hotel kitchens........ .
•■;■ •■ $75 and found
milker, and wife as cook $40 and found
4 farmers and wives $40 and found
2 cooks and wives, for hotel kitchens
countr >' $50 and $40
man as cook, wife as chambermaid. country.sso
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
j A— 6 PORTERS. 4 bell and elevator boys. 1
Janitor, 2 pantrymen and boys
; ; -, *30, $25, $20, $15. $10 and found
tamale-rnaker Icecream-maker
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— BAKERS. .BEDMAKER6.. LAUNDRYMEN
. * first 7 second 4 third and bakers
also boys to help and learn business $40
$35, $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found ...!..
3 laundrvmen
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— FARE PAID COAL MINERS
" ••••; ••••• SALT LAKE CITY
CO coal miners Come see us *.{ 50 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. '
MINES MINES MINES
6 miners for a gold mine $2 50 day
26 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience). $60
42 laborers, fare $2 50 (no experience)
" $34 and found
22 laborers, big mine $63 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 23 STONE AND CONCRETE MASON.
RUBBLE WORK $3 50 day
12 laborers, above Job (no experience), fare..
$150 t 6O
20 slate splitters, 40 blockmakers $75
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— s3o AND FOUND FRUIT AND
GRAPE PICKERS $30 AND FOUND
555 men and boys (anybody will suit)
fares from $1 25, office fee $1, SO to 90 days'
work
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay'st."
A— WE PAY YOUR FARES.. -SHIP TO-DAY
to 36 -sawmills and woods In California
254 laborers, no experience required, $26 to $40
per month and found srieat crowds going
also woodmen and sawmill help of every
description, $90. $80, $70. $50, $30. $40, $30 and
found . .
woodchoppers. tiemakers. shingle bolt mak-
ers, etc., by the thousand, $2 50, $2, $1 50, $1
cord. 12c each
we pay your fares
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
! A— FREE.. ..WE SHIP YOU FREE. ...FREE
drillers, hammersmrn, laborers, teamsters,
stonemasons, concrete masons, etc..
to every railroad in California but one (the
one we don't ship to Is Coast R. R.); board
and lodging?, $4 50 week; wages from $3 50
day
MURRAY & READY. ' 634 and 636' Clay ' st.
A— HARVEST FIELDS FARMS AND
DAIRIES
engineer, hoe downs, cleaner tenders, fork-
ers, 4 laborers to work around thrasher, sack
Fewers. straw bucks, derrick forkers fire-
man. $4. $3, $2 50, $2. $175, $150 day
20 strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
92 farm hands, steady Jobs
$35, $3". $26 and found
9 milkers $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— STABLEMEN, city or country
$35, $30, $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— CHOREMEN AND BOYS
33 choremen and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work in factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc., $40. $30, $25 $20,
$16. $10 and found: by the day .' '.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
A— BIG WAGES ...................................
26 laborers, fare 50c, no experience $60
23 teamsters, 2 horses, fare 50c.... 52 25 day
29 laborers, no experience $63
25 four-horse teamsters, far* $1 50. $60
189 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $2 75, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
TO THE MINES
25 laborers, no experience required, $57 per
month, with board and lodgings
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MURRAY A READY.. 'PHONE MAIN 584S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want to-day from 7 a. m
MECHANICAL HELP
Roller man, flour mills coopers
woodturners liarnessmakers
carriage painters mill benchhands
9 blacksmiths' helpers ,
upholsterer and clerk stiller for winery
setter sawmill sash and doormakers
cabinet-makers slate splitters
blockmaksrs stonemasons*
I lathers, mattress-spring maker*, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
; A—.... BOILERMAKERS, BLACKSMITHS....
4 boilermakers, steady country Job
$3 75 day and found
8 blacksmiths and helpers
$2 50 day, $60, $40, $30 and found
horseshoer. country Job $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2o CARPENTERS, new house building
free fan*
12 miles from city, 8 hours work $3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— 2s GRAPEPICKERS, Sonoma Co ;...
$25 and found
25 grapepickers, Contra Costa Co
$30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— MACHINISTS, near city. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. - '
A— IN SAN FRANCISCO
126 laborers and 4eamsters..s2 50, $2, $1 75 day
2 milk wagon drivers, $40 and other help.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A— COOKS ....WAITERS ....DISHWASHERS
cock and assistant, country hotel 175
2 cook:-, wives, country hotel kitchens $50
cook and dishwasher, fare 25c |g5
4 hotel cooks ..' $55, $50, »40 and found
27 boarding-house plajn cooks
150, $45, $40. $30 and found
8 camp and mine cooks $40, $45 and found
5 ranch cooks $30. $25, $20, $15 and found
6 restaurant let, 2d, 3d and 4th cooks .
;"••;;•• * 14 - $12, $10 week
37 waiters $3b, $30. $25. $20 and found
69 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
A ARE YOU MARRIED?
Man as porter, wife as waitress, country
hotel $40 and found
Man as waiter, wife as chambermaid,
' country $40 and found
Man and wife, country hotel kitchens, $75
and found
Milker and wife as cook $40 and found
. 4 farmers and wives $40 and found
2 cooks and wives, for hotel kitchens,
country ....$5O and $40
Man as cook, wife as chambermaid, country
$50. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
A— 6 PORTERS. 4 bell and elevator boys. 1 Jani-
tor, 2 pantry men and boys
$30, $25, $20. $15, $10 and found
Tamale maker Ice cream maker
MURRAY & READY. 63 and 636 Clay st.
A— BAKERS, BEDMAKERS, LAUNDRYMEN
3 first ...7 second 4 third bakers
Also boys to help and learn business.. $40
$35. $30, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found „..
3 laundrymen •
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.HELP WANTED MALE.
l-FARE PAID COAL MINERS
SALT LAKE CITY
si} coal miners come see u5...:. $3 50 day
MUURAY. -v READY, C3t and 636 Clay st.
*.— MINES MINES MINES
•3 in:r.-rs fur a gold mine $2 50 day
•:>; laWirers, fare $1 50 <no experience) $60
42 laborers, tare $2 50 mo experience). $34 and
found.
22 laborers, big mine '..'.563 found
MURRAY & READY. C 34 and 636 Clay st.
V— 23 STONE AND CONCRETE MASONS.
ruhb'.e work $3 {0 day
12 laborers, above job (no experience), fare
$150 $60
M slate splitters, 40 block makers $75
•MIHKAY A READY. 634 a:;d 63S Clay st.
*.— s3o AND FOUND; FRUIT AND GRAPE
rickcrs. U0 ar.d found
6.55 men and bo » (anybody will suit) l
fares fnm Jl 2:,, office fee $1. SO to 3't days'
work. MURRAY & READY. C 54 and 636 Clay.
V-WE PAY YOUR FAltis7TTiHip~TO~i5AY
To i 6 sawmills and woods in California
SiJaborera mo experience required), $26 to $40
i't»r month and found Great crowds going
also woodmen and sawmill help
of every description. $SO, $SO, $70. $60. $50,
$40. $20 ani found woodchoppers,
tiemakars. shingle bolt makers, etc., by th«
thousand. :- 50. ■- $1 50. $1 cord. 12c each. '
WE PAY MURRAY & READY,
YOUR FARES «34 and 636 CUy st.
V-FREIC WE SHIP \OV FREE..T.TFnEE
Drillers haminersmen, laborers, teamsters, \
stone masons, concrete masons, Ptc
to e\ery railroad in California but one (the
one wo don't ship to is Coast R. R.) : board
and l.vigiiyje. $4 50 week; wages from $3 50 day
.'.L- MURRAY A i READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. '
V— HARVEST FIELDS 7.
•; ■ FARMS AND DAIRIES
Engineer, hoe downs, cleaner tenders, forkers, j
4 laborers to work around thrasher, sack sew- !
ers. straw bucks, derrick forkera, fireman, $4.
iX $2 50. V. $175. $150 day t
2) strong men to bale hay $3 50 day
S2 farm .-Is. steady Jobs. $35. $30. $26 and
found
9 milkers $30. $25 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Qa.y st
*.— S STABLEMEN, city or country. $35. $80. $25
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CTay.
V— .... CHORE MEN AND BOYS j
33 chore men and boys for farms, stores,
shops, learn 23 trades, work In . factories,
manufacturing concerns, etc.. $40. $30. $25. $20,
$15, $10 and found: by the day
MURRAY a: READY. 834 and 63« Clay st. ,
*.— BIG WAGES
26 laborers, fare ■ •■ (no experience) Ml
23 teamsters. 2 horses, fare 50c $2 25 day
29 laborers (no experience) $63
25 4-horse teamsters, fare $150 $60
I*9 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California. $2 73, {2 50. $2. $175 day
MURRAY & READY. iSi and 636 Clay st.
TO THE MINES
25 laborers 'no experience required). $57 per
month; with board and Igtngs. MURRAY
ie READY. 634 and 63^ Clay st.
OFFICE open Monday. 7 a. m. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 1(M Geary st.
SOLDIERS wanting work on the railroad as
: laborers, teamsters cr tunnelmen. at wages
of $1 75 to $2 75 a day, can secure it from us
free of any exper.se to the work. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE . T. 7T77...FARE AND FEE FREE
For railroad laborer?, teamsters and tunnel-
men. wa;es $1 75 to $2 75. for the Coast Rail-
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
STONEMASONS. 14 a day; helpers. $2 25: free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FP.F^ VALLEY ROAD FARE
4-h?rse tearr.fters. f- 25 a day: 2-horse team-
sters. $2: laborers, $2. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
7KAMSTERS, 2 and 4 horse, for Madera: free
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104-Geary st.
BLACKSMITH. $2 a day and found; stable-
■ mar.. $23; farm hand, $25 and found: . labor-
ers', city, |1 and found; lumber 'pliers, see
boss her*. $:< r > and found: wood worker, $2 SO
a day: blacksmith, city. $2 l day and found.
C. R HANSEN & OX, 104 Geary st.
1 .BELL boys, same' country hotel, SIS each:
porter j ar.d runner, country hotel, $20; neat
bell hoy, city. $15 to SIS: experienced elevator
bey with references, $20. C. R. HANSEN jc
C»i.. 104 Geary st.
HARNESSMAKER. SI 23 a day and found;
Hacksm-th helper, *2 25 a lay, free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. • [
GRADING foreman. RR. camp: ISO and found. |
C. R. HANSEN & CO., U>4 Geary st. - j
; ALMOND pickers; $i a day and found. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. .
TV.'O colored waiter?, north. $27 50. C. R.
'HANSEN & CO., IC4 Gtary st. |
! MEN for a salt works, $1 a day and found: '
" lumber pilers. $30;. S men for laboring, near
city. $.' a day; I farmers, 52"; 2 painters, city,
$2 60. C. R- HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Pt.
t- LARGE boys- for stock boys in a dry goods j
*tcre. C. H. HANSEN A CO., 10* Geary st. |
0 APPLE pickers. Marln Co.: !1 a day and ■
f.-und. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. j
HEAT ar>d pastry cook, country hotel, $►;<*»: 4 !
cooks. $;•>; cooks. $7. $S, $? an.l $12 a week; 3
waiters, «ame country hotel. $30 each: J
kltchenhelp. $25 and $30. C. R. HAN.-: &
CO.". 104 Geary Bt. j
k MAN .to da chores; $15. MISS H. CUL- ;
LINAN, 123 Sutter et. j
X MAN ani wife to work on a ranch. MISS
H. '.TI.LINAN. 323 Sutter st.
SVANTED-r-Drlver for milk route In city: refer- i
• er.r-e r-^uire.i: $3S per m^nth and found. W. I
P. EWER ft CO.. 610 Clay St. j
ViRTER $20: kitchen porter. $20: dishwasher, j
$:i. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery St..
open Sunday 9 to 11.
___^._________^____ — __
GOVERNMENT positions— Don't prepare for
ar.v civil service or census examination with-
out set?ln? our catalogue of Information; sent
free. O>!un-.b!an Corresro-dence College,
Washington. D. C.
A'ANTEI>— Either sex to fold circulars and j
write addresses at their homes. $;2 per week j
salary: literature and explanation* 2c. Ad- ■
dresstTHE NON-MEDICINE CURE CLUB.
look box 502. Los Angeles. al.
■•RINTERS' apprentice with some experience
wanted. Er.qu»r-r office. 416 Tenth, Oakland. !
iVANTED— Good co4jk at Manhattan House.
<23 Battery st.
IKRMAN, 20 years old, to eierk in grocery. I
t.j ciprk in grocery.
Call y-4 Photwell St. ' . |
fOUNG machine hand: also varnl'her. Fur-
nlture factory, 3<>7l Seventeenth st., near i
Folsom. j
WANTED— Military tailor. &W Greenwich st. !
! STRONG beys wanted at the Ha'.ght Street |
Nursery Depot. 157-4 Market st. j
HOUSE carpenter: ran take good part work
in rent. Box 22-0, Call office.
?TRIPPER wanted. 3249 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— Strong man who understands irro-
cerv business, for cellar and shipping. Ap-
pty; at 1447 Polk 9t.
STEWARD for small restaurant; take charge
•of help and wait: state wages and refer-
*n<-~.«. Box HIS. Call offW.
MAN and wife; take charge of ranch; raise j
chickens on shares. H East st. ;
WANTED — Man or woman to travel and ap- '■
point agents; salary $75 per month and ex- j
ptnses: rapid promotion; also local workers;
guaranteed $S rer day; position permanent.
.Century. 3343 Market St.. Phila.lelr hia.
WANTKD- Tailor at ROOS KP.O?.. 25 to 37
Kearny rt.
rAILOR wanted. 2STs9 Greenwich st, near Pre-
sidio^ _j
ERRAND'/boT wanted. 2509 Greenwich «..
BARBERS— Good shop In country for sale.
DECKELMAN BROS.. ICfi Ellis St.
WANTED— Two live men: good proposition to
the ripht parties guarar'e f< i. Call at 22 Post
St., between 7:30 and S:3O p. m.. Monday.
WANTED— G'>od man with a few thousand
dollar" in an old established manufacturing
.-business; will stand full Investigation. Box
2134. Call office. _
JVANTEI*— All-around man for hotel— porter, j
window and housecleaning— references re-
quire!. Call 1222 Pine St.. to-day; 10 to 12. '
i\-ANTED— Boy who has worked In printing
office- give reference: experience and wages
expected. Box 2033. Call office.
.vXnTKD— Retail salesman: familiar with j
grocery or crockery business: give reference
an 1 wag«-» expected. Box 2054. Call office.
CVANTED— Good saloon porter at 38 East st. ;
wages 530. '
DISHWASHER wanted at 29 Fourth st
rOOK'B: helper:* cook short orders. $20 month j
and room. a First ■• I
FRnis~ER wanted at the California Clothing !
-.Renoxßtory, 116 Geary st. ' . }
P'IRST-fLAP.s tailors on ladies' work. COBS.
332 Sutter st. ______
BUBIIELMAN' wanted. Apply to CHARLES
LYON3, 721 Market st.
wanted— Dishwasher, at 20 Stockton ■_■
EU-HWASHER In restaurant. 113 Turk St.
. ladies' tailor. FRAN-
' !i- '- •■■ .-utter Ft.
i* l -' 1 Hand baker:~s3o per month, board ;
■odging. 116 Oak st. \
N'TED-f Fintt-class presser on pants.' 273
\ X. : uiiitalra. .
! - ■ ;'h same experience In men's furnishing
fit, at LUBIN'S, 611 Montgomery st. J
HELP WANTED MALE.
FIRST-CLASS c. at makers and barters to work
Inside by the Diece or week: also one good
bushi i Apply S. N." WOOD. 71S Market.
WANTED- First-class, steady waiter for
French restaurant; also 2 extra. 25 Taylor st.
BARBER wanted; wages $14 a week. 54 Third
street.
WANTED — Good barber with references. Amer-
lcan burber shop. San Luis Obispo, Cal.
WANTED — At once, several first-class sign
painters; bulletin men preferred. Address
THE CURRAN CO.. Denver. Colo.
MEN -wanted at 633 Bryant st.
FIRST-CLASS men for brickyard. South San
Francisco. San Mateo County.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
i to 50c. £62 Mission si., bet. Ist and 2nd sts
BOY to learn plumbing state age and wages
expected. Box 2045, Call office.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and M sts.
WANTED— Good coatmaker; steady work.
Inquire 233 Third st.
WANTED— One machine hand, five cabinet-
makers, must thoroughly understand their
business. A. J. FORBES & in, 312 Mission.
EXPERIENCED carpet traveler wanted for
the North; state experience, etc. Box 2001.
FIRST-CLASS locksmith. Apply early 405
Drumm st.
WANTED— 2 men of energy; straight salary
paid. Apply S a. m.. 300 Post st.
BOOKKEEPER— Lumber and general merchan-
dise; elderly man preferred. Apply Alabama
and M .• aim sts. ,-. , .-.■-
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
UPHOLSTERER, who understands little carpet
work preferred; steady work to right man.
1611 Polk st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ .
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 117 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 26c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
TO Tailors eoatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-street entrance,
CHARLES LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Mar-
ket st.
! MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight
weeks: only Institution teaching the tonso-
rla! art; constant practice: expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Sat. wages; positions
guaranteed: call or write for Illustrated cata-
logue. Mohler's Barber College, C 35 Clay st.
SAILORS and ship carpenters for Europe,
Ilawaila. Islands. Manila, Alaska. New York.
; W. LANE. Shipping Agent. 604-506 Davis st.
GENT'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50 up: sole-
ing, 20c to 35c; heeling. 15c up. 523 Howard St.
WANTED— Teamsters to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2: board. $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near San Pablo station,
on Valley Road.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10*5 Va-
lencia St.
' TRY our 15c meals; best in city. 406 McAllis-
ter st.
1 MEN and women To learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 13S', Eighth St.
i VENSIONS— H. SHF.PARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bids.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
i Australia at HERMAN'S. M Steuart st.
! 200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 23c
per night. LlndelL 6th and Howard: read. rm.
' SIN. ..E rooms. 15c. -Oc. 25c • - night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Eld House, SC3H Market st.
! TRY Acme House, 957 Market <■• below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a nleht: $1 a week.
1 —
BARBERS' Progressive Union: Iree employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th: tel Jessie i:2.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 700 «nu. 25c night: reading room: free
"bus nd baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI.
- -•■-•■ paid.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Snip
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SORREL mare anfl bay colt cheap; for buggy,
755 Mission st., In hat store.
FANCY carriage, saddle ar.d road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. Veterinary I'entiar. 605 Gulden Gate ay.
HORSES WANTED.
WANTED— Six draft horses; weight not less
than 1500 each; state price; answer for 3
days. Box 2147. Call office.
HOUSES LODGING — FOR SALE.
H C DECKER. IC2O Market St., opp. Fifth.'
MY BEST BARGAIN
TO-DAY. 44-KOOM CORNER ■
COST $2500; PRICE $1200
64 rooms; best in city 1.600
12 rooms on O'Farrell st. ; large yard. $375
14 rooms on Mission st clears $50 600
SO rooms, corner: rent $55 750
15 rooms on Turk, near Market 650
45 rooms on Market st. ; rent $75 1.600
4«-room hotel In Oakland 2.600
SO-room house; clears $3"<} 2.800
20 rooms on Eddy st. ; must sell 6CO
26 rooms: corner; apartment house 1.600
11-room house; oik- floor 330
32 rooms; 2 fronts; clears $250 2.200
50 rooms: elegant corner, clears $500 3,750
7-room flat $150; 8-rocm flat i'»o
110 rooms; fine corner; clears JSCO 6.5C0
36 rooms on Market st. ; clears $2CO 1.430
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE
ABSTRACTS SHOWING I LEAR TITLE.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.: bargain, to-day.
65 rooms; north of Market st... $4'"o
37 rooms; Sixth st. ; one floor 12"rt
22 rooms; all light rooms 18C0
21 rooms; on Market and Sixth sts ll fi o
10 rooms: Golden Gate aye 4'W
12 rooms; on Third-st. fcorner 3^o
2S rooms: Jones st.; rent $W lwO
17 rooms; Hyde St.; rent 173 £"•)
. 8 rooms; Howard st.: rent $20 2»)
A— R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st.
— — Over Wonder Millinery Store. ■
14 rooms: Taylor st.: good house $650
17 rooms: rent $u5; central W0
24 rooms; Fifth st ; rent $50 550
48 rooms; rent $75; corner 1-00
40 rooms: corner: rent $80 1250
Money to loan at 2 per cent
A LODGING-HOUSE within 2 blocks of Mar-
ket si for sale on account of death; sacri-
fice, inquire KELLY. 417 Parrott building.
LODGING houses to suit, it honest prices:
mor.ey to loan buyers. Call PACIFIC COAST
EXCHANGE, 1007% Market st, near Sixth.
$1000— SPLENDID corner of IS rooms: Post St.;
raying; many others. HUNSAKER. 6 Eddy.
FOR SALE— Roomtnir-house of 9 rooms, well
filled; nicely furnished Inquire 231 Stevenson.
NICE corner house of 33 sunny rooms. 704
Howard -t., cor Third.
LODGING houses— Call before buying and sell-
ing. Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. IE pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
■-..-■ •- -< ' ,i
HOUSES TO M.T.
A?*M7Tp^cl[r&^o^^r^ra7k»t!
HOUSES. . COTTAGES.
SU Mission. 9 r..537 50 714 Waller, 7 r....525 00
9 Sixth. •> r 32 50 121 Ce'lar aye., 5 r IS 00
"C Folsom, 7 r... 21 00 1241 Sanchez, 5 r.. 13 P0
731 I3th, It 20 00 4220 26th, 5 r 12 CO
1333 Howard, 6 r. 19 00 '.?,; Jersey, 5 r .... 11 00
S02 1 * Folsom. ii r. IS 00 3316 2Cth, 6 r 12 50
233 Duncan. 6 r. 16 00 17 Erkson Crt., 4rll 00
DESIRABLE corner house. 1523 Broderlck st .
corner of Sacramento; R rooms and th; be-
tween 2 car lines; rent low. Apply MADI-
SON * BURKE.
FURNISHED house of 9 rooms: convenient to
all car lines. 1564 Jackson "st.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 12"5^House of 6 rooms,
bath, yard, etc.: entirely renovated; $25.
HOX'SE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & LOWELL
10 Montgomery st.
LAGUNA. 1715-1717— Two sunny, modern houses
of 8 room* and bath: newly papered. .
NICE tenement of 3 rooms; hall; yard, rent $9.
182 Hickory aye.. nr. Cough st.
REAR: 4 rooms and stable; $10. Apply 2813
Mission st.
SIXTH. 121—11 rooms; suitable for lodgings;
airy and light; rent reasonable.
TO-LET — House partly . furnished or unfur-
nished; desirable location; 2415 Washington
St.; apply on the premises from 11 to 1 dally.
For further particulars apply to LANDRY
C. BABIN, 413 Kearny^ st.
TWO-STORY corner house: 6 large rooms and
bath, well-liehted basement: marine view.
2333 Leavenworth St., corner Chestnut.
120— FINE house, 6 rooms, bath, basement and
stable. 1109 Shotwell st.
" HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— Lodging-house of 60 rooms or up-
ward-must be reasonable. Address LODG-
Tvn-HOUSE. Box 1342. Call office.
HYPNOTISM.
rwEEK^news for 5 cents-The Weekly Call.
11 1 paces, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, BXJNBAY, SEPTEMBER 17. 1899.
LOST AND FOUND. ;
LOST— St Bernard dog; answers to the name
of Nero. Liberal reward if returned to
CHARLES NEWMAN. Richelieu Cafe.
WHITE bull terrier dog. with harness. Liberal
reward. T. SIMON. 329 Montgomery st.
LOST— Pair of large brown rosary beads on
Kearny st. Return 2521 Bush st.
LOST— From French ship Bretagna, black
poodle dojr; liberal reward. Return to ship.
LOST— GoId pin of 3 hearts. Return 1308 Leav-
' enworth st. ; liberal reward.
LOST— passbook with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ELIZABETH CARLSON, No. 183-593.
The finder will please return to bank.
ON the 8:30 a. m. Sacramento train Wednesday
morning, a mandolin and a bandurla; liberal
reward. Return to 130 Powell st., S. F.
LOST— Gold^ring: name on inside John Krisha.
Return to 427 Fourth st. reward. - ■
MEDICAL.
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea
and berb sanitarium, 764-7(6 Clay St., San
Francisco: all diseases • cured exclusively by
Chinese herbs, over $000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours, 9:80 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 1
and 7 to 9 p. m.
: DR. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly of
401 Van Nets aye. and 1382 Market St.; now i
; at lIS Eddy, one block from Market.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st.. bet. Mason and Taylor: hours. 9 to 5.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
i MRS. DR. GWYER, ladles' physician. 610
Eddy St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRP. DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 1228 !
Market st., between Taylor and Jones.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 313 Kearny at.
MRS. DR. ■WEGENER. ladles' physician: mcdi- I
! cated baths a specialty. 1312 Golden Gate aye. I
MRS ALLEN, ladles' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye.. bet Hayes and Grove: 9 a, m. to 9 p. m.
r't. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats ill dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason *»t.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
i BOILERS, engines, !-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. • :
l — I
FOR First-class second-hand cooperage;
35 oval oak casks, 6 10,000-gallon tanks, 20 |
1500-gallon tanks, 150 puncheons; steamed
I spirit barrels, $1 80 up. A. PETZOLD. 27 j
| Broadwuy. i
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun- j
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures, new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-KMS-IC2I-1023 Mis-
' sion St., above Sixth.
j BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors.
I bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
! A— ST. BERNARD (at the stud); Diablo II; |
largest and finest thoroughbred on coast;' prize,
winner; fee $20. Woodlawn Kennels. Ingleslde. .
JULIAN aye., I*2, cor. Sixteenth st.— Lodging- '
house, 11 rooms, all occupied, $130; rent $16. !
■ $10— SINGER ■ sewing machine, nearly new, !
with attachments. 700 Eddy st. I
A NEW launch, 5x20, without engine, for sale
| at 1u25 Nebraska st.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand: carriage engines. DYNAMIC
I ENGINE CO. ISO* Mission St.. near Ninth.
! ONE 1-6 H. P. alternating motor. $6: 1 roll top !
oak desk, large, new, cost $70, for $15; 500
loaded shells. $; per 100. Ohio Dental Parlors.
X Market Ft.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants, j
! steamers, residences: portable safety boxes:
I specie chests; bullion safes, vaults, etc. The :
Waltz Safe Co.. 103-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
j COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
I boilers. Kroph Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
FIRE and burglar-proof safe for sale and ,
I National cash register. 42 Main Bt.
j A— s3 30 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu- i
I ■ lar Price Hatters. 330 Keam> St.. near Pine j
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
I BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers, 12 and !
24 in. ; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 133 Beale. ;
1 GASOLINE engine: 15 H. P.: complete and
first-class shape WHITE, 516 Mission st.
PREPS pants, $2 75: tine suit. $10: MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Montgomery St. i
: DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug
j .gists or at the Peg Hospital.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent.-— Weekly Call, j
16 rages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. :
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
I WANTED— Dog or bitch Gordon setter, Irish
i setter water spaniel or large Cocker spaniel. |
V.yx 2075. Call. " ' j
HIGHEST cash price paid for secondhand up- !
right pianos. Room 12. Flood building.
j OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and ■ sliver ;
bought. H. Landecker & Co.. 118 Montgomery.
WANTED— To hire, l«l first-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars: long Job. E. B. |
STONE Elmhurst. j
I CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 pages, sent to any address In the;
United States, rtpald, for V. per year.
MONEY TO LOAN.
t ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable i
back in installments or as a whole*: if you |
! owe a balance on the purchase price we will j
1 pay it and carry the loan as lons as you de- j
I sire; avoid red tape and publicity : see us first; j
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly. I
I Call 6'-«3 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st. •
i LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
I Sixth: telephone South 14.
l ANY amount of 64 per cent on real estate. 34
1 and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
-1 bate- mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
| lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
! HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- j
tain liberal advances on diamonds and J"w- |
e!ry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
i ste're. '' Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential. I
BONELLI. 'Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
■ monds. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with- j
out Indorser. MORRELL. 603 Examiner bldg.
$30 TO $50CC0: lowest rates- Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
• any propositl6n. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
■ commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 592. Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need i
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MONEY WANTED.
$40,000 WANTED; gtlt edge; heart of city; 54 ;
por cent. Box 2K.2. Call. :
WANTED-From private party $2000 or $4000; ■
good security; will pay 8 per cent. Address
box 2070. Call office: no bribers.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS~we"are sellln? good upright pianos for $«
cash and $fl per month, we ask you to Investi- !
gate md approve this method; prices are the
same as- If purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
nii-menta and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
If per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. \
\ Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutler
Etß San Francisco, and Thirteenth and j
Broadway. Oakland. j
j^SSSfiS! oldest and largest house !
W A«t Of Chicago is KOHLKR & CHAS-ES ;
'6 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos organs and .
! all ether musical instruments of all grades ,
and Prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
| customer. ;
A BATCH of bargains in pianos:
p rar ,j *'° CO
! SV=::::::r:::::::::::::«:
■ Smith * Barnes •-■•■■ »0 09
1 Bteck, 1 Chi.-kering, 1 U eber. ■ _,
BENJ CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
A FINE new walnut upright for $150 cash at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BUY a Decker upright at MAUVAIS'. 769 Mar-
ket st. if you want the best.
A FINE Arion piano. $90. THE J. DEWING
CO.. second floor Flood building.
SPLENDID Steinway upright sacrificed by a
private party. Room 10. Flood building.
GREAT sale of "Ideal Guitars" this week at
Mauvais', 763 Market at. Get prices at once.
A— sS3 UPRIGHT piano In fine condition: also
: the famous Hornung Bros. 21S McAllister st.
UPRIGHTS $69 up: Installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
■vV G BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hailett & Davis pianos.
A BARGAIN - Steinway upright cheap.
SCHMITZx 16 McAllister, next Hlbemla Bank.
CHEAP Steinway upright; also the famous
Hornung Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER. Byron Mauxy and other pianos. 308!
| Post .«t. " - '-
WANTED— 2 Square Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAU7/T. 308 Post st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER * CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. - ■'•:
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO. LET. j
WANTED— TaiIor or "pawnbroker to rent fine '•
corner store; Kearny St.; also fine offices; $12. i
SPECK & CO. '.
A— SUTTER, 717— Very choice; reasonable: ap-
preciated If seen; please Investigate; baths.
STORE with fixtures, and two housekeeping:
furnished. Apply 353 Fifth at.
PART of store; fine location: suitable for fancy
work. SO7 Polk st.
STORE— I36O Market st. GLADDING, McBEAN
& CO.. 135S Market st. .'- '. _
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Desirable offices. $12 50 to $20. .
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERgXaRD. pupil of Count St. Oer-
rnaln. <16 Geary «t., above Jones: classes;
office hours. 1 to 3 p. m. ; reading by mall. ■$_
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER, in electrician and locksmith shop;
will teach partner business or will sell. Ad-
dreas box 2273. Call office. ■•■
PERSON A
YOUNG man. proprietor small store, some
means, desires to correspond with young lady;
object matrimony. Address box 2154. Call.
VERY wealthy unlncumbere-a widower, 58, will ;
wed at once appreciative. ! loving wife.
WOOD. 3054 Calumet aye., Chicago, 111.
ANSWER— P. Q. SYKES. Where did you go? i
D. and F.
BRUNETTE boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE, 1418 Eighth St.. Alameda.
— — — — (
ALL who doubt the efficacy of the Star Hair ;
Remedy to restore gray hair to its natural
color without dyeing, cure dandruff, itching
and burning scalp, grow new hair, are re-
quested to calL at office of manufacturers, 650 I
Geary St., and see letters and testimonials '
that will convince the most skeptical. This
most wonderful preparation is sold by drug- '
gists and hairdressers. See that you get It. i
LEDERER'S Qulntonica Hair Tonic; used by
all leading people; makes hair beautiful; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
THE best is what you want. At Lederer's
Hairdresslng Parlors they always suit you;
25c; good switches, II; fine, $2 50; Lederer's I
Foamo Shampoo, 5c pkg. 1.-derer. 123 Stktn. j
COME one and all and be healed by the Welt- I
mer Method of Magnetic Healing: the great-
est scientific discovery of the nineteenth cen- \
tury; cures all diseases; chronic diseases a
specialty. MRS. IK FLAGG, 601 Taylor St.,
corner Post. __.
BLOOD poisoning;, colored spots, mucous
patches in mouth, ulcers and sores: perma-
nent cure. Box 15, Universal Vitaline Co.,
Hammond, Ind.
SCALP treating, shampooing, manicuring; will
call at lady's home; 35c a treatment. Box j
1416. Call office.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, grow hair !
or no Day; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
EGYPTIAN enamel: an Incomparable beautl-
fier. 50c. MRS. BUTLER, r. 350. Phelan big.
LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at j
wholesale figures. H. KRAMER. 20 Sansome. |
"ALL Around the World," 4 volumes, cost $28, j
in exchange for .ler.tlstry. M. T., 2913 16th. i
RAG carpets wove to i rder and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In j
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest '
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland. j
WILL Mr H.. the mining man who wrote to !
Miss B. and gave his address Station X
kindly write again? She wrote twice and ;
both letters were returned. -
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third st.
OUR leather is carved in Mexico: beautiful !
belts $1; special Mexican art. 114 Stockton st.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. ana Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws- a Specialty
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. . Patents Solicited.
MARY— I got my handsome cape at the East-
ern Outfitting Co., 1206 Stockton, nr. Broad- '
way. There you can get most anything in that
line on easy payments; open evenings.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St., near Market: TOO rooms;
Be to $150 per night; $150 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHAT have you to exchange for course in j
Spanish or singing? Box 476, Call office.
EGYPTIAN Enamel, cosmetic, makes faces
beautiful : 50c Mrs. Butler, r. 350. Phelan bldg. |
MME. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
from O'Farrell to 133 Eddy
ASSORTMENT of imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants, $3 75; ,
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co.. 1644
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hotel. .
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free. ,
Drs. -Mansfield & Porterfleld. >3S Market st.
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew- !
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife: no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 614 Pine, ab. Krny.
A — Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought, ■
sold: tel. Mlijt 997. JACOBS, 1023 Folsom st. j
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'ng. O. Nolte,
.Torveier ""! O'Farren her TVurell & Mason.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. OLIVE GRUVER. free treatment daily, 10 !
a. m. and 12 m. 1206 Market St.. room 6.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence. :
1021H Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
BARGAIN list No. 15 now ready for mailing.
T. P. ANDREWS. 109 Montgomery st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— First-class business property in San j
Francisco from $40,000 to $75,000; purchaser j
will pay % cash, balance in other first-class ;
umncumbered property. WILLIAM J. DIN- !
GEE. rooms 15-16, 2nd floor. Milts building.
WANTED— First-class Income property in San
Francisco, value $40,000 to $50,000, with mort-
gage of $20,000 to $30,000, in exchange for Oak- ,
land business corner.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
Rooms 15-16, second floor. Mills building.
WANTED to rent— 2o acres wine grapes and
hay ground; on shares. Box 2135, Call.
WANTED— 12 miles of city, 1 or 2 acres
of land; must be reasonable. Address box
2052, Call.
. _^___
WANTED— SmaII stock and grain ranch on j
shares; partly furnished. Address H., 102't
Sixth st. - . . . ■ '' ■ . j
GOOD ranch to work on shares or leas ; state
particulars. Address box 2071, Call office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE, i
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
626 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Established ISSB.
Brick building— Battery st. business corner,
near Market st. : in center of wholesale dis-
trict; apply for particulars.
— Point Lobos aye., near Central aye.; ■
two-story house and also two large flats; lot
51x81:3; $4000.
$12,000— Mission St., between First and Sec-
ond; a nice downtown business property.
$5000— Baker St.. near Sacramento: eight
rooms and bath, in perfect order: 25:6x102:6.
$5000— Clementina St.. near Fifth; two houses;
store and flats; rents $55 per month: 25xS0.
$43)0— Golden Gate aye. and Leaven-
worth St.; rents $45; lot 20x60; Inside property;
always rented.
$3700— Twenty-seventh st., near Dolores; II
rooms, 2 baths; lot 2:.x114.
$5500— Rents $55 per month: Shotwell st.
corner; store and flats: lot 35x90.
MADISON & BURKE.
626 Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
FOR SALE BY
HAWKS & SKELTON, 321 Montgomery st.
$9000— NW. corner; finest view of bay and )
Presidio in the city: NW. Larkin and Chest- i
nut- California and Hyde st. cars In one block;
146:6x135:6, or in subdivisions as follows:
$3000— For corner, 37:6x139:6.
$1600— For Inside lots, 27x139:6; easy terms.
$Cooo— Modern house. : Gough St., S rooms and
finished attic and basement, tiling, etc.; view
of bay. _
$7500-^-Seott St., near Union; fine bay view; S
rooms and attic; new and artistic.
$3500— Cottaee in warm belt of Mission; 5
rooms and bat_: high basement: make offer.
$325ft— Flats; Hartford st.; near Castro and '
Nineteenth: 4 and 5 rooms and bath; rents I
$330 per annum. • . ' :
$4250— Howard st.. near Eighteenth: S rooms
and bath; can be altered to flats and pay good
tS<oo— New flats: Frederick St., near Clayton
and the park; rents $530 per annum: easy terms.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
. ■ ■'-..■ -.- . 321 Montgomery st.
IF your property is mortgaged and. you need
more money wee H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
BARGAIN-- Bay- window cottage; 6 rooms, bath:
large unfinished basement; trick foundation;
lot 50x112H: near Ingleslde cars. 233 Lee aye. j
$3500— TWO fine fiats on O'Farrell St., near i
Jones: contain 6 and 7 rooms and bath: brick i
foundation, bargain. Box 2143, Call office.
2 LOTS cheap, or will trade for business of any i
kind. 1297 Folsom st. . . _ j
REAL ESTATE CITY--FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. _ T^,___
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
BUSINESS.
$50,000 — Sansome-st. corner; 4-story brick
buildings, covering entire lot; a short distance
from Market st.: 50x90. with 2 Ls; rents Jo6W
per annum.
$4 o— Stockton St.. near Market st.: im-
provements renting for $2400 per annum; 40xM>.
$17.600— Downtown business property; 2 ■tores
and rooming house: rents $1350 per annum; 44:.
x 59:6 feet; substantial brick building.
$16,003— Corner on Haight st.; to close an
estate; store and upper flat and 2 2 -story
houses of S rooms each; rents $120; 56:3x72.
$15,500— Price greatly reduced: corner on How-
ard st. : 2 stores with living rooms and 4 flats
of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each; rent iIOSO per
annum: brick foundation, etc.; large .lot. , 3ax
122:6; $10,000 can remain at .64 per cent per
annum; owner going to Germany to live.
$2750— Business corner on Bth St.; halt" cash;
store and lot 25x75.
FLATS AND INVESTMENTS.
$9000— Rents $564 per annum: 4 substantial
nearly new flats on Webster St.; 33x?2:6.
$8251 Rents $763 per annum; 4 substantial flats
of 5 and 4 rooms and bath each; on Fillmore
St.; 4Sxsl:3; always rented.
JSCOO— Mission warm belt; rents $300 per an-
num; 4 fine new modern 'flats and cottage;
Carp st.; 40x115 to an alley.
Page-st. bargain; 2 nearly new modern
flats of 7 and 5 rooms and bath each; rents
$426 per annum; 25x100.
Western Addition: rents $372 per an-
num; 3 tenements and lot.
RESIDENCES.
$15,375— Pacific Heights mansion; 12 rooms,
etc., etc.: grand unobstructed marine views;
31x127:8*4; Pacific aye.
$4750— bargain; to close an estate; rents
$420 per annum; substantial house of 6 rooms
and bath; Geary st. ; 25:11x120; 2 frontages.
$3750— residence; 2-story and basement
modern residence of £ rooms and bath.
COTTAGES.
$2800— O'Farrell-st. cottage; 4 rooms, bath,
etc.; 27:5x137:6.
$2600— Richmond cottage: foreclosure; very
cheap; cozy modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath, etc., and lot; very easy terms can be ar-
ranged.
$1500 — Mission warm belt; cozy cottage of 5
rooms; 25x114.
LOTS.
$3500— Devlsadero st. ; 25x125; business location.
$1500— Shot well gt.; 30x122:6; ready to build
on; street accepted.
$1250 and upward— building lots; very
cheap; 10 sold; 14th. New and Henry sts.: 1
block from Market st. 25x115 and 25x105. each;
level; on (trade and ready for building; offered
at very low prices and being so nicely located
are selling rapidly.
On very easy terms: we are offering the lots
at Waller and Steiner sts. of the German Sav-
ings and Loan Society; street work done com-
plete; lots all ready to build on; terms a fourth
cash, balance at 7 per cent: only a few left.
$800 each and upward— lnstallment lots; 10th
aye.. C and D sts.; adjacent to the Park; 25x
120; $50 cash, $10 per month; Interest at 7 per
cent. 2.:
Richmond bargain; 25x240; 2 frontages.
Choice list of building lots in every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
■ - 14 Montgomery st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site the Nevada Bank.
$6000— Rent $60; Washington St., west of
Stockton; lot 25x137:6; improved.
?4WC— Rent $55; Stockton st., near Sacra-
mento; 4-story house and lot.
$13,500 — Rent $150; corner; 6 flats of 7 and 8
rooms and bath each: Sacramento and Scott
sts. : a first-rate investment.
$30.000— Rent $3000 per annum; fine centrully
located property; stores and flats.
$4350— Reduced again from $4500; an extraor-
dinary bargain on Fulton St., near Franklin:
only 3 blocks from City Hal; and near Market
st.; a two-story house, • stable and garden; lot
27:6x137:6; worth $5500, but must be sold.
$7500 — Fine residence on Devisadero St., near
Fell; 9 rooms: modern Improvements; 25x112:6
15800— $47; a splendid investment, on
Geary st.; three-story house; store and 2 flats.
& rooms and bath each.
15500— A nice property on Spear St., between
Howard and Folsom. •
$25,000— Reduced from $34,000; rent $257; Lar-
kin st., south of Geary; stores and flats: a
dead bargain.
$3850— Rent $45; Webster St., near Washing-
ten;^ fine double flat, 6 rooms and bath each.
$9000 FOR 60 feet on Mission St., near 21sr
mortgage $5000; fine business location.
$6750— Corner Eighteenth and Capp sts. ; good
house, 10 rooms, 2 baths; corner vacant; good
location for store: 40x122:6.
$1700— Cottage, 5 rooms. In splendid order;
Harrison, near Twenty-third; street bitumin-
ized. This is a bargain.
$2200— Cottage, 5 rooms, bath; Clipper, near
Sanchez; 24:6x114.
$2500— Modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath; Twen-
ty-third, near Harrison; 25xSO; part cash.
$4250— Three flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each; Colilngwood, near Nineteenth st. ; 27:6 x
110; easy terms; best thing In the district.
$1000— Cheap lot on Second aye., near Point
Lobos; 25x120.
_ W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Montgomery st.
COFFEY, HUGHES & HERBST,
Real Estate Agents. 19 Montgomery st.
$4*00—2 flats near Haight and Scott sts.;
worth $5500.
Ashbury-st. flats, 6 and 7 rooms and bath;
will sell cheap or trade for vacant property.
$600)— Store and flat on McAllister St., a few
blocks from Van Ness aye.
Webster-st. residence, 9 rooms and bath:
must be sold..
Grove-st. flats; rent $91; In fine' con-
dition.
$800— Cheap lot on Tremont aye.. near Fred-
erick st., close to Golden Gate Park: see this,
it Is a bargain.
$12,500— Third St.: 3-story brick building: rents
$70; with small outlay could be Increased.
COFFEY, HUGHES & HERBST.
19 Montgomery st.
$2000 $2000.
FOR SALE— FOR SALE.
ON-
EASY TERMS— SAME AS RENT.
..EW MODERN HOMES.
JUST COMPLETED.
SIX ROOMS. BATHS AND BASEMENTS
ON
VERMONT AND KANSAS STS.. NR. ISTH.
GO SEE THEM.
OUR REPRESENTATIVE on Premises To-
day.
CENTER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
$15... $15 $15 $15
A MONTH A MONTH
Buys a NE. corner and new cottage of 4
rooms and bath; containing all the latest Im-
provements; only l block from Twenty-second
st. electric cars.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st.
A GENUINE little bargain—
$1275 — Splendid new cottage of 5 rooms,
bath; brick foundation, etc.
— This pretty little home
In the Richmond District cannot be dupli-
cated for less than $2000.
' HERMAN MURPHY. 630 Market st.
WILL/ sell lot on California aye.. near Mission-
st. car house, at great sacrifice; must be sold.
DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery st.
NEW 6-room house: Greenwich st.: near 2 car
lines. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
AT a sacrifice — Northwest corner Twenty-third
and Dolores sts.: worth fully $5000, but will
take $3000 If sold at once. Address
Owner. GEORGE B. M GRAY,
■ ■ 454 Ninth st.
SOL GETZ * BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
New lots, superb locations, lowest prices.
$300 to Sunset Heights lots from Sev-
enth to Nineteenth ayes.. ready to build
on: $2S down. $10 monthly.
Branch Office. Ninth aye.. near H st. Every
day and Sunday.
$400 to $700— Richmond lots. $10 monthly.
$75 to $300— Ocean Boulevard lots, $5 monthly.
$100 to Mission st. and Ocean View lots.
$5 monthly.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
EOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
$5300— EASY terms; new park residence, 9 sunny
rooms finished basement, substantial and up
to date, fine location, large lot: Carl st.. be-
tween Cole ami Stanyan: blue ears Ed<Ty-st.
line pass the door; Haight-st. cars transfer
'to same at Masonic aye. J. BTIERLEN,
builder and owner, on premises. .
A— s3soo— TWO-STORY store, flat and stables;
524 Castro st.. between Eighteenth and Nine-
teenth; great bargain: cost $4500.: 24.4x125:
owner must sell: $4000 mortgage partly paid
off; e».sy terms. V.M NICOL. 410 Kearny St.
IF you have 'lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
i REAL — CITY — FOR SALE.
BALDWIN ! & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
Bargain; Hartford St.. near Eighteenth;
nice cottage of 4 rooms and bath; brick foun-
dation; lot 24:7x125. •
$2250— Terms, $300 cash, balance same as rent:
Eureka st., near Nineteenth: new cottage of
{ 5 rooms, bath and all modern conveniences.
A PICK-UP.
Broderick St., near Sutter; 2-story resi-
dence of 10 rooms and bath: also stable; extra
large lot. 50x90; room for another Building.
— Leavenworth st., near California: two-
I story residence. 7 rooms and bath; lot with two
frontages.
$4000— Guerrero st., near Twenty-second; rent
$37; 2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each; best residence
location in the Mission.
$7200— Large corner lot on California St.: rent
$88; 4 new flats; Improvements modern and
good. . ;•-:.-
Bryant st., between Ninth an 1 T^nth:
2 flats of 4 and a rooms and bath each; rent
$24: lot 25xR5.
$7000 — Rent $60; Clara s°t.. within a few {pet
of Sixth: large lot. 4."xSC; improvements con-
sist of flats all rented; this is a splendid rent-
Ing locality.
$7000— Howard st., near Seventeenth; extra
large lot, 62:€xS2; double house, 7 rooms and
bath each; rent $65; fine investment; also house
i of 9 rooms and bath ; must be sold to close
an estate.
$5300— Mason st., near Washington; large lot.
40x70, to alley; good improvements; rented for
$43 3(i ; good, big bargain.
$10,000— Jack?'. n st.. east of Leavenworth: 4
modern flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each;
all latest conveniences; rented for ■ ?S5 per
month: extra large lot. • :'■ -' ', • ■-- ■'■:■
MUST BE SOLD-OFFER WANTED.
$4000— Dolores-st. corner; new residence of 7
rooms and bath, handsomely decorated; modern
plumbing, etc.; lot 33x90; corner 13x63 vacant:
should be Improved with stores and flats; $500
cash, balance monthly; this is the cheapest
corner In the Mission; house is brand new;
never occupied.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery street.
INVESTMENT
PROPERTIES.
$7250 — good speculation; 2 modern flats of 6
and 7 rooms and bath; lot 2Sxl00; on the busi-
ness portion of Devisadero St.: building should
be raised and store built under; would pay.
$11.500— Worth $15,000; Laguna St., near Golden
Gate aye., fronting Jefferson Square; 3-story
bay-window house, containing 3 flats of 7, 7 and
S rooms and bath; large lot; rents $95.
$4650— Golden Gate aye., near Lycn St., 2
flats of « and 7 rooms and bath each; rent
$40; lot 25x100.
Castro St., near Eighteenth; lot 25x125;
2 flats of 5 and 8 rooni3 and bath each; rent $29.
— Clementina St., near Fifth; lot 25x73;
rent $44; Improvements consist of 3 flats of 5,
5 and 6 rooms.
$8260— Bent $79; Central aye., near Haight St.;
3 modern flats. just completed, containing 6
rooms and bath each, on sunny side of street;
lot 2".x112:6: a good buy.
$590"}— Worth $7000; Ashbury st., close to the
Park Panhandle; 2 handsome flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath each; also unfinished flat; lot
23x106; rent $55.
$4750— flats &f 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each, In Park Panhandle district; street ac-
■ cepted; rent $40; always rented.
$8730— Rent $85; 3 new flats, fronting the Park
Panhandle; lot 25x137:6; all rented; a fine in-
vestment.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
WELL
STARTED.
A splendid start has been made in the selling
and development of the block facing Golden
Gate Park and recently subdivided. Already a
number of lots have been sold to parties, some
I of whom intend to erect at once homes that
! will be a decided improvement.
| There is no reason why lots in this block
. should not prove good Investments. The
| prices are very low. They are grand building
: lots, right on the Park, near Stow Lake and
: the new music stand: level: streets graded and
macadamized. Water pipes laid. Cars pass
the property. Every convenience. Including
gas and electric lights.
PRICES $500 UPWARDS
TOUR OWN TERMS.
Interest only 6 per cent on unpaid balance,
fee them at once. Go to-day. Take blue car
lon Eddy street or Haight street cars and
transfer, get off at H street and Ninth avenue.
We have a branch office on the corner, open
dally (Sundays included. Price lists, etc., on
application.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
• 513 CALIFORNIA ST.
IMPROVED.
80x46:S— NE. corner Post and Stockton Bts. ; SO
i on Post by 46:8 on Stockton; properly Improved
: will rent for $1500 r>er month.
' 35x137:6— Hayes st., near Fillmore; 3 flats;
rent ?90: $13,500.
62:6x137:0— near Pine; 10-room house;
rent $50: $10,000.
137:0— Union St.. near Dttnont; 2-story
; bri. k building: rents $86 50: $8500.
20x65:9 to rear st. Union St.. near Dupont;
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $64 50; $8000.
25rS0— Fourth st., near Harrison: store and
I flat: $6S00: sale urgent.
45x50— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
• houses; rents $54: $6250.
112:6x37:6x87:6— C0r. Kearny and Greenwich;
. 10 2-story houses; rents $80; $6000.
25x100 — Pacific aye., near Polk; 2 flats and
j rear house; rents $45; $5000.
22xCS.9— Pacific, near Mason; house of eight
rooms and bath; $4500.
24:3x63:3— Green St.. near Powell: new mod-
ern bay-window flats: rents $3S; $4500.
31x122:6— Howard, nr. 19th: cottage: rents $16.
j 22:6x120 T0 rear street; Union, near Jones; 2
flats; rents $24; $2500.
23x100— Lyon. near Geary; cottage: $2250.
22:11x68:9—230 Francisco St., near Stockton; 3-
story house and large basement; $2000. ,
23x51' — Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house;
' rents $24; $1700. «■.
23x64 — Post, near Central aye. ; cottage; $1500.
UNIMPROVED.
23x100— Florida st.. north of 13th; adjoining
Union Brewery: offer wanted.
' 25x110 — Scott st., near Washington; $3750.
80x71:10— SE. cor. Polk and Lombard sts.
37:4Vix137:6— Greenwich, near Polk: $2000.
25x100— Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lots.
cl 2S — NW. cor. Fountain and 23th.
23x137:6— 5. Frederick, west of Cole.
McAFEE BROTHERS
10S Montgomery st., San Francisco.
A DOWNTOWN BUY
In best office district: eood brick building
could be remodeled at small cost and be made
to ray cansome income; price $42,500.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
Magnificent home of 13 rooms in Pacific
Heights; marine view; lot 45x107:8; completely
furnished; price $38,000.
RENTS $?5; PRICE $9000.
Three fine flats In the Panhandle district;
always rented; lot 25x137:6.
WEBSTER, NEAR CALIFORNIA.
A go. >d home of 7 rooms and bath; very
sunny: price only $3500.
LOTS IN PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
Five beautiful lots in Pacific Heights, com-
manding marine view; will be sold- at a grand
bargain; send for plat; also Presidio Heights
lots at low urices.
MISSION WARM BELT.
Best location; good two-story house of : 8
rooms, in Al condition; sunny side of street
price 54250.
MISSION LOTS. ■
Guerrero, Dolores and Liberty st. lots, from
$75 to $30 per front foot; send for slat.
MINNA STREET; $4750.
3 fine flats on Minna, near Ninth; rented for I
$47 monthly; a Rood buy.
ONLY 11730- MISSION COTTAGE.
Cottage and basement flat: sunny side of '
street; very cheap.
24TH STREET LOT.
On electric car line; let 23:1 14; only $600- I
a ?na£i.
| McAFEE BROTHERS. MoAFEK BROTHERS '
10S Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
' HEALTH resort of Sun Francisco— Sunset !
Beach, near boulevard: lots for sale an.; rent
■for $3, $7 50 and $10; water piped into cot-
tages. JACOB HEYMAN,
19 Montgomery st.
: 3-ROOM cottage; 50x123: Atvln Tract,
Elmhurst, near Oakland; easy terms; also
lots for sale at $65. 23x125.
. .- • JACOB HEYMAN. is Montgomery st. ;
A SNAP— $330; new 4-room house and bath;
corner Courtland aye. and Dakota st. : close
to electric car: street sewered and graded; $12 I
monthly Installments."
JACOB HEYMAN. 19 Montgomery st.
VERY cheap— New 5-room and bath cottage 1 on
Douglass st.. near Twenty-third; can be l
bought with rent money.
JACOB HETMAN, 19 Montgomery st.
LOTS IX ■•< LMA: 25x120. ~~
$.''■ Lot: Abbey Homestead, near San Mateo 1
electric car; lot 100x120.
$20") — Lot in Excelsior Homestead.
$100— I<ots south of Golden Gate Park. '
$350— Eleventh aye., near J ft.; 25xr>0
JACOB HEYMAN, 19 Montgomery st!
$6500— SOLD by the mortgagee under foreclos-
ure; a fine home on Presidio Heights; Laurel
s»t., near Clay: 9 rooms; marine view; stylish
surroundings.
$2300— A perfect little gem of a cottage home
In Richmond: Just the place your wife would
like; Fourteenth aye.. near Clement st.; must i
• be sold.
$900— Cheapest lot in market: near the park-
at Ninth are , near H st. : electric cars.
$500— Cost $900: a lot on Stanyan st., near
Rivoll; now is the time to buy-- it. -.
- $50 cash, balance easy terms — A cozy horn*
In the Mission.
McEWEN BROS., lIS Montgomery st.
SPLENDID opportunities for investment in,
Oakland property. WILLIAM J. DINGEE, '
Mills building.
MODERN new house nt half its value; 3 rooms;
latest modern conveniences; beautiful loca- I
tion on elevated groan in Oakland: photo at ,
office. WILLIAM J. DING Mills build- j
ing, San Francisco. ;
IF yonr property is : mnrtrrieed and you need j
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st. ,
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
j *~ ... ~~
■ EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
■.•J • ?.;->"* 6 —
BANKS PAY 3 1-3 PER CENT INTEREST.
REAL ESTATE 4 TIMES AS MUCH.
INVESTMENTS.
$10,000— Pays 15 per cent per annum; 11 flats and
1 dwelling; excellent condition: always
•rented ; 4 frontages; 2 blocks from
Kearny st. * % -." -. - - ■:"■
; $3,soo— Mortgage of $2000 can remain; 2 flats of
4 rooms each and 2-story house; large
. lot 25x120; double frontage; near Fili-
more and Hermann ets.; both streets
bituminized.
$1,900—3 fiats of 4 and 3 rooms: always rented;
VU blocks frcm new Postofftce; lot 23x
75.
$l,Soo— Nice house of 6 rooms and high base-
ment; near Gilbert and Bryant sts.; lot
25xS0.
FLATS.
$B,2so— Flats and store on Buchanan St.; 60-
-foot frontage.
— Three elegant flats of 7. 6 and 6 rooms;
always rented: near Ellis and Webster
•ts.: lot 25x90 feet. :^'.
I $3,ooo— Two modern up-to-date flats. 6 and 5
rooms: porcelain tubs; always rented;
lot 25x100 feet.
$2,Soo— Corner on Florida St.; store, with t
rooms and flats: must be sold.
RESIDENCES AND COTTAGES.
$3,soo— Must be sold; nice house, 6 rooms and
bath, near Baker and Grove sts.; 21:10**
X 112:6 feet.
$3,2so Cottage. 5 rooms and bath, near Sutter
and Baker sts.; lot 23x190 feet.
$2,soo— Modern cottage, 5 rooms, bath and
basement, near Guerrero and Army sts.;
lot 37:6x114 feet.
200 cash, balance $1300: bank mortgage;
on Ford st., near Seventeenth; lot 25x
114 feet.
LOTS.
| $3,250— 0n Pacific Heights, near Washington
and Baker sts.
I — Fine Western Addition corner on La-
guna st., near Ellis; both streets bitu-
rr.inized; lot 25x104 feet.
| $2,250— st., near Lyon; 25x100 feet.
: Alabama st., near Twenty-first; 23x
" 104 feet.
We hold our regular auction sales
every two weeks. For further particu-
lars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
62« Market st.
! CITY poultry farm: 7 nice lots; good house. 5
j rooms; near school and electric cars; will
' rent or sell for $1000 on installments of $12 50
monthly. P. A. DOLAN, 636 Market st.
$140-0 — SACRIFICE ; cottage. i large rooms; lot
25x115: street accepted; near corner Market
and Fifteenth sts.; bank will loan $1300 at 6
per cent. P. A. DOLAN, 63S Market st.
i SAN FRANCISCO ' ~~
SNAPS: SNAPS! ■ SNAPS!
THIS WEEK ONLY.
You missed It on some of them we sold last
week.
Don't be behind time this week if any of
: these suit you:
' $SoO— $10 per month; 5 rooms, bath; new and
! first class in every respect; at Sunnyslde.
I $1000— $12 50 per month; same locality and
i size, but has basement and larger lot.
THE HOME BUILDING CO.,
; Room 2. ground floor, 222 Sansome St., S. F.,
i '£& ' after 12 m.
! IF your property is mortgaged and you need
I more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market st.
! C. C. BEMI3, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make Northeast corner Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold; 80x114 feet.
$2800— North line Carl st., near Stanyan; aOx
137:6 feet.
\ Residence and lot— North line Pacific aye..
near Webster St.; lot 30x127 feet.
POINT RICHMOND townsite to sell; 24 acres;
lots to lease. G. W. HAIGHT, 401 California.
WANTED at onee — Good city properties for
cash. Apply SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
NEW HOMES
Five, 6, 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller, Pierce and Primrose sts., from $3100
to $4500; terms to suit purchaser. F. NEL-
SON. Builder. . .
ON account of sickness we will sell a $1400
lot, 25x114, for $700: great bargain. GEO.
W. H. PATTERSON & CO.. 1706 Market st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia at.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
g7~h. um¥sen'& c6v ~" "
David Bush. Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery Street.
BY ORDER OF THE GERMAN BANK.
The celebrated Hemme Fruit Orchard, San
Ramon Valley, Contra Costa County: will be
. sold in subdivisions; call for particulars.
ALSO
By order of the German Bank, the Rose Vine-
yard property, near Pleasanton, Alarr.eda
County, of 258 acres, of which 203 acres are in
choice variety of bearing wine grapes; particu-
lars at office.
$6000 — acres in young bearing fruit or-
chard of 2000 peaches, 2300 plums and prunes,
near Loomls, Placer County; good improve-
ments: plenty of water: yield this year about
3000 boxes of fruit; a great bargain.
GLENN COUNTY.
3000 acres near Willows, Glenn County; will
sell in subdivisions at $12 50 and $15 per acre,
good grain land.
For rent— 3o3 acres near Mayfleld. Santa Clara
County; 200 acres good grain land, balance
rolling and hilly pasture land; well wooded;
water from creek and springs: good farm house
of 11 rooms, bath: hot and cold water; men's
house, milk house and other out buildings: 2
barns: family orchard and vineyard; rent $650
per annum; half cash in advance; this is a
first-class grain and stock ranch; only responsi-
ble parties need apply.
$1250— 5 ACRKS; Menlo Park; small cottage;
barn, etc.; 16 large oaks; water piped to
house and grounds.
$1750 — 3 acres, ten miles from Oakland; cot-
tage, barn, orchard; exchange for Oakland
or Berkeley residence.
$3300— 50 acres, ten miles from Oakland:
abundance of wood and water; exchange
for Oakland or Berkeley residence.
$3500— New modern Oakland residence, Just
completed; exchange for orchard or lands.
$16C0— Choice building lot in San Jose; ex-
change for Berkeley residence and pay cash
difference. j '•■'■.'
W. G. GRIFFITH, room 311. Hearst Bldg.
$1500—3 ACRES, 1-story 3-room house, barn,
chicken houses, windmill, tank, small or-
chard; will include 1 horse, wagon, cart,
plow, harrow, small tools, household furni-
ture and 300 laying hens: situated 1 mile
from town. GEO. C. YOUNG, Petaluma. S
$650-20 ACRES, all level. Lai Co.; a acres
Improved; 8 acres oak timber; 2 acres bear-
Ing orchard: small house; bargain for few
days: $358; 65 acres. Lake C 0... 30 acres tilt-
able: balance rolling:. 5 acres bearing or*
chard: house 5 rooms; another bargain. C.
F. MOORE. 335 Market St., room 1
FRUIT and chicken ranch; 10 acres; full, bear-
ing: good house, tank, windmill, outbuild-
ings complete; near Haywards. Alameda Co.
See owner, 1036 Vi Folsdm St., S. F.
MARIN Co.. 2S miles from S. F.— $49 to $80 per
acre: choice lands in tracts of all sizes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain.
fruit and vegetable lands; easy terms; rail
and water transit: good school*. HOME AND
FARM CO.. rro. 27. Mb floor. Mills bldg.. S. F.
FCR SALE— 3O acres In Contra Costa Co.. halt
a mile from new railroad; good house, barn,
dry orchard of Deaches and almonds: easy
terms. For particulars write box 31. Brent-
wood. Cal.
HUMROLDT. Co.— Dairy farms for sale: red-
wood, grazing lands. G. H. Burchnrd. Arcata.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANT Fniail ranfh on shares. Call or address
F. G. R-. 206 Hannah St.. Oakland;
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE hunting housekeeping- rooms get list
free. Pacific Room-renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
CLAY. 1026 — Four unfurnished rooms and bath
for housekeeping; $13 50.
DEVIPADERO— Two large sunny furnished
rooms In upper fiat; with privileges of dining-
room kitchen and bath; convenient to cars;
; references. Box 1414. Call.
DOLORES. 352. near Sixteenth— slo; 4 rooms,
partly furnished, housekeeping, cook stove,
for grown people. .
EDDY. 913—3 unfur. or furnished rooms, newly
elegantly papered; private res.; fine location.
ELLIS, 305— Neatly furnished rooms; sunny
side; modern conveniences^
FIFTH 353— Furnished, one large double bed,
$7; also single, $3; store and 2 housekeeping.
FIFTH. 30? <new corner house)— Sunny house-
keeping rooms; also sunny bay-window rooms
for gentlemen: grates and running water.
FOLSOM, 323 — Large sunny furnished room;
light housekeeping; $1 £0 weekly.
FOLSOM" 323— Parlor floor, nicely furnished,
complete for housekeeping; 3 large rooms;
pacd location. .
FT'I.TON. 218. cor. Van Ness — 2 Furnished
flats, 2 and 9 rooms; running water; coal
and.sras range.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 437— Newly and ele-
gantly furnished parlor and bedroom suites;
aiso single.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050— Three large sunny
well furnished rooms for light housekeeping;
private family; free telephone.
Classified Advertisements Continued
on Page Eighteen.
1718
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
GOLDEN GATE aw Hid— Sunny housekeeping
rooms; also single rooms.
A RRISON ?31-F rooms, furnished complete
for housekeeping, large {yard, bath; rent Jl6,
HOWARD. 531. I"' I*l ■'■■ ' 2d~Large house-
keeping room, with large closet.
HOWARDS 7Ot^-N lce Uarge sunny rooms; alsc
housekeeping; transient.
HOWARD 1719*4 bet Third and Fourth— Fur-
nished rnoms'for housekeeping; rent reason-
able; bath.
HOWARDS 737',i-Front mTlte. complete foi
housekeeping; ,also single; jl a week ana up.
HOWARD. $22— Large sunny front room, com-
plete for housekeeping; S2-, week.'.
HYDE*! 110 Thi moms; all furnished com-
plete for housekeeping. ;.'
HYDE, 127— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms with front view, a J}^_°^^:
HYDE, do:.— Furnished housekeeping rooms; en
suite or single: $14. SU and $0.
IVANHOE, 1002 i'olk. cor. Geary— Light, clean.
sunny: fur. hkp;r suites (3 to ■'< r.). $15 up; ref.
JESSIE. 373. near Fifth and Market house-
keeping rooms: $9.
LaKKIN, 320— -2 or 3 sunny houself-eplng apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
LARKIN, 816 A New! furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; gas and bath.
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— 3 furnished
front rooms; stove; $12.
MARKET. F9s— Sunny housekeeping suite; alsc
» 34 Sixth st.
MrALLISTER. 1130— Sunny furnished lront
housekeeping suite: cheap.*
MINNA. 2S— Basement housekeeping rooms for
families; cheap rent.
MISSION, pi^ l^— Neatly furnished rooms; com-
plete for hskpg.; front bay-windows; sunny.
MISSION, 1125'i— Housekeeping rooms, $2 and
.'2 50 per week.
MISSION, 1729'ri. near Thirteenth— 2 or 3 fur-
nished hskpg. "rms., bath, laundry; $8 and $12.
NOE, IS3. block north of Market - pleasant
front rooms; upper corner flat; gas stove; $12.
OAK. 119— Large sunny front room; central;
clean furnished for housekeeping; closet; IS.
OCTAVIAi 1403. c.irnor Geary — Sunny front
room, mantel, folding l>ed. kitchen, gas stove.
PINE, I.W-- 2 ninny furnished front rooms;
folding bed; gas range; $15; also unfurnished
basement.
RINCON place. 28. off Harrison, bet. First and
Second— Sunny room with fireplace and kitch-
en; lady or man and wife; no children.
SEVENTH, 192, Girard House— l large sunny
unfurnished room: furnished suites.
TURK, 120—2 sunny furnished rooms, one front,
suitable for Ueht housekpg.; man and wife.
TCRK. "24. near Larkln— Sunny front room;
private family: central: for lady: ref.; $.">.
TWENTY-THIRD. 372ti. near Dolores— 2 or 3
sunny bay-window rooms, complete.
VALENCIA. 117— Two nicely furnished rooms.
VAN NESS AYE.. M 7. cor. Ellis— 3 sunny front
furnished houf.'keeping rooms; $Ij\
VAN NESS AYE.. 1021— A sunny front suite; 2
or 3 rooms and kitchen; gas range.
A V.RAN' offlce for Call advertisements and
Eiibsciiptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st ; / :i :
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, I 1 pages, sent to any address in the
Unito.l Ptntp«. postpaid, for $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET — Kuril, and Inlnrn.
ABBOTSFORD (The), cor. Broadway and Polk—
Quiet and homelike; rooms bright and sunny,
f.ngle. suite; charges moderate: cars direct.
AT Hotel trancisco, Turk and Taylor stß.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator:
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 '■ day. MRS. J. KING.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth — Rooms,
£."*? to $1 per night; $1 25 to 95 per week, and
llyht housekeeping: open all night.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia Ft.
AT New Grand. "' 3d— "f'O Ist-class sunny
15c to $1 day: Soc to |4 wk: also housekeeping.
AT r.2 Second st.. dc üble rooms for week, $1 50
to $3: single, $1 to 51 .'.'j; day. 2f.c to 50c.
A— SUTTER. 717— Sunny; .reasonable: appreci-
ated if seen; please Investigate; baths.
BURNETT. H2K Market (old No. IJ64)— Fur-
nished rms . suite?, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 7:': Furnished sunny front room for
gentleman at $7 per month; private.
CALIFORNIA. 825— Newly furnished large
sunny front alcove; private family; bath;
marine view; telephone: breakfast 11 desired;
reasonable; also smaller room.
CALIFORNIA. 1««, near Hyde— Furnished
front room or suite.
CAUROLTON, 120fi Market, cor. Golden Gate
Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & office*.
KuljY. 123 (United Slates Hotel) — Clean, neat
rorrns. from $1 50 a week up.
EIGHTH, 10S— Front bay-window room with
range; single rooms $1 SS up.
ELLIS - ■ i Sunny furnished room; $4 a
month; laige closet.
ELLIS. 639, cor. Larkin— Sunny furnished bay-
window; mantel; folding bed; 2 persons.
EXCELSIOR House. 30 Turk. cor. Taylor— New
mangt.; sunny front bay-wind, rms.; trans'nt.
GEARY. HA— Handsomely furnlFhed suite;
also single rooms: reasonable; transient.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. iiYKi:
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 1404— Two nicely fur-
ntshfd bedrooms; (12; private family.
GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission ste. — Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladles' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission Select family
rooming lioufc; $1 :>0 to 56 per week.
HARRISON, 754 1 7. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms; bath; all home comforts; $1
week up.
HARRISON. 925-Large room with closet and
bath, furnished- or unfurnished, tor hou:-ekp?.
HAWTHORNE, 172. bet. Second and Third?
near Harrison Pleasant sunny rooms; board
optional: reasonnble.
HOWARD. 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished: every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. S>2?— Furnished rooms from $1 per
week up; also housekeeping an.l transient.
HOWARD. 1131V;— Newly furnished rooms rea-
sonable; light housekeeping privileges.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites; running
water; reasonable: permanent patrons desired.
HUGHES HOUSE, 214 Third— Newly r«»mvat-
ed; 25c to ,50c per night; $1 50 to 55 nor week.
JESSIE. 439. bet. Fifth and Sixth— Nicely fur-
Oiel.--'i sunny rooms; quiet house; from 75s
to $2 per week.
JESSIE. To*. near Sixth— Sunny single and
double furnished rooms; t«*<?t cheap.
JONES. 1.119— Elegant front room; furnished
complete: $4 prr month.
LARKIN, 804 Large sunny back room; neatly
furnished: 1 or 2 persons; $7.
MCALLISTER, 406 A —Pleasant front room, with
bath; cheat); for one or. two persons,
MINNA. 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room; $1 per week; transient.
NICELY furnished rooms In private family.
Apply 606 Mason St., : ar Post.
OAK. •■?-■ Larg^ front room; furnished; K as
bath: private family; for 1 or 2; cheap.
O'FARKELL. 20— . my furnished rooms nnd
offices: elevator electric llehts: day. wk.. rao.
POWELL, 317 1 form Cosmos Club)— El-
egantly furnished tunny rooms: reasonable.
I-tOYAL House, 125 Kills nt.— lncandescent
light, reading room, cranking room and
)B<3i>V parlor: rooms, per night. 3jc to $1 50:
week, $2 to IS; month. *S to ISO; elevator on
Office floor: rooms with hot, '"I,) wat.; baths.
SCOTT, 1717—4 pleasant Bunny furnished
1 ■ ins.
SEVENTH, Nicely furnished rooms; sun-
ny all day; nice lawn; modern conveniences.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market— 'urnlshed and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 23. nr. Market, Hlllsdale House— Ele-
gant furnished roomy; elevator: transient.
p- ; -, hunting furnished rooms: get list fr«e.
Pacific Room Renting Co., *% Ksarny Et.
TAYLOR. l'-S— Neatly furnished rooms; suit
able for gentlemen: gas; bath. «
THE Heath. M Eddy st.— First-class room;
and board: % hot and cold water; telephone;
modern: all conveniences.
THE MAI-FORD, 107 Taylor and 104 Turk
Lovely sunny Suites of rooms suitable foi
dentist; also other rooms; fine transient, ii
suites and single.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming hous<
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THE Piedmont (119 A Sixth st.)— Sunny bay.-
window rooms, double or single; rent low.
THIRD, 129— Sunny furnished rooms from $:
per week up.
THIRD, 303— Nice single rooms for men; 75c t(
$1 per week.
TURK, Kifi. cor. Gowth— Sunny corner alcove
room: handsomely furnished; beatlful view;
overlooking Jefferson Square; reference.
VALENCIA. nfi7— NK-ely furnished sunny fronl
roflms, ■ . ■■' or wttho'it board, In private fam-
ily; gas and bath; also housekeeping rooms.
ROOMS WANTED.
• WANTED— 3 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
upstairs; state price. Address box 2153. Call.
! WANTED— A large sunny room with running
water. DR. CROIX. 467 McAllister st.
• THREE furnlFhe-1 housekeeping rooms; cheap:
central. Box 2149. Call .■:«■•<*.
1 MAN and wife desires 3 housekeeping rooms In
■■■■■■1»- house: rent moilf-rate". I<q\ 2"72 Call.
SKAVING MACHINES AM) SI PPUKI,
. ti MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought. ..>!«;
machine supplier. 14". Sixth: phone Mint 4a.
ALL kinds bought, iK)ld, exchanged, rented; re-
pulring I lowest ratw. '!"'< Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
TO whom it may concern— MR. F. J. COR-
; KIEA has disposed of his shares and Inter-
est !n the F. J. CORRIEA & CO. (a corpora-
tion), and liss withdrawn thererrom.
[ j September 14. 1599. F. J. CORRIEA.
: LADlES'.— Chich.-'ster's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the bent; safe, reliable; take no
other; send •*■■ stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladies," in letter by return mull: at drug-
gifts. Clnchester Chemical Co.. Philadel., Pa. j
. MRS. DR. HOPKINS. 995 Market St.." office 2—
New discovery for rheumatism; also medi-
cated baths for alcoholism and rheumatism.
BAD tenants ejer'.l for U: collections made: j
• city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
■ i <T> 41" m..t-<" -m»rv «t mnm« i in- t-t r. r .'"i
I ■■"'■' -
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage WirohoUHe. F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay •:."»■
PIERCE-ROIX)LPH Storage and Moving Co.
. Of fl 401 Post, cor. Powell: tel Main '.713
; ADVERTISEMENTS, j
AX.AMBDA HEAL ESTATE.
■ NICELY furnished cottage in Ala me. la: near
railroad station; large lawn and good gas
I stove and nil modern improvements: will rent i
for one year; cheap to good reliable tenant.
1718 Bay at., Alameda.
SNAP- New House, 8 rooms and bath: lot 50x
160; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
j tlon. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE, l«12 Chapin.
| CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly ,
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
■ ELEGANTLY furnished house, '• rooms, fine i
i grounds; whole or in part. 2110 Santa Clara
:ive. :
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
i HOME for ladies in delicate health: large '
| grounds private. MRS. DR. FT'NKK. 141fi Sth. ;
j BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$17(0— HOUSE ot 5 rooms and bath: lot 5 K185;
on the Bunny side of street; only 4 blocks
from University grounds and 2 blocks from
, railroad. JOS. J. MASON.
Real Estate, adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
| ONLY (3500 2-story house of 7 rooms; lot ISOx
125; near ■■'• trie railroad; Just the place to
[ raise chickens. JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, adjoining P. 0., Berkeley.
| $3tViO — WILL buy .-i new modern horns of S
| rooms; close lo university.
$1650 Will buy a corner lot; close to cars
and university: a bargain.
$1350 Will buj a lot on Durant aye.; east ;
| of railroad and close to eollpge grounds.
See our bargains in the Scenic Park Tract 1
[ adjoining the university; now is the time to \
I invest In Berkeley.
Apply to O. G. MAY A CO.,
i 2123 Center st.
$650 CHOICE lot; 60x135 feet, and cottage of
2 rooms, renting for $3 per month; sunny ,
side of th» street; street work till done;
situated between Newbury station and the
Telegraph tve. elect line; lot alone worth'
more money.
HUGH M. CAMERON,
Real Estate Broker.
10' iS Broadway, Oakland.
FINE new 7-room flats, with modern Im- ■
provements; gas ranges with water back in j
e;:ch: large grounds: fine view; near uni- j
versity; corner '^Bancroft way and Tel 'graph
aye.. Berkeley."
i BF.RRYMAN Station— Nos. 1423 and 1425 Spruce
■ st.; 2-story. 7 rooms, modern and new; rental
I terms. THE HOME BUILDING CO., room
2, 222 Sansome st., after 12 m.
; A BARGAIN Fine B-room house; all modern
j Improvements; cor. Grove and Parker sts.,
Berkeley. See owners, J. W. HAVENS. 2216
Shattuck aye.. or H. R. ABRAHAMSON,
50 Laurel «-t., near Fahiola Hospital.
A RARE BARGAIN.
11350 — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; lot
33 1-3x135; near Lorln station; street mac-
adamized: good neighborhood: all modern Im- J
provement!?. C. MANNY. Lorin station.
FOR Bale H750; a house of 6 rojms. bath and
cellar; modern: 5 minutes' from U. <'.. near
electric cars; lot 50x100; this is the cheapest
buy in Berkeley; lot alone cost $600; this
house has Just been built; $300 down and $18
! a month at 7 per cent interest. Address
Owner, 2137 Dwight-way.
FOR SALE FOR CASH.
• A house of 4 rooms, windmill and tank; close
,to Ashby: lot 40x130; all clear; $S5O. 2137 '
! I >v. ight v. ay.
|C. C. BEMIS Renl Estate and General Land
■ Agent. 221 Montgomery st.
In Berkeley— lot 87x150, with modem
| house of 9 rooms.
1 FOR Bali 4-room house, close to Dwight way;
*1100. Address Owner. 2137 Dwight way. ]
1 FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS 1
■ -■■.- ■ - ':•■■':■
FRUITVALE REAL - ..iTATK.
NOW Is your opportunity— Offer wanted on
4'^ acres with house of 4 rooms; chicken
! houses, fruit and shade trees; fine well, etc.;
located 2 blocks from D.mond postofflce.
Upper Fruitvale; a fine place for raising
I chickens; must be sold to close an estate.
ji;,-,0 — Cottage of 4 rooms: large barn; chick-
I en houses; good well and pump; lot 31x150;
all fenced.
'-.I House of 4 rooms; small barn: chicken
houses brooder house; incubator: fine well
and force : limp; lot 75x150; all fenced.
$1050 Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and base-
ment; lot Wxl22, with 16-foot alley in rear:
• only 3 blocks from Fruitvale station; see this
I for a bargain.
$1200 sacrifice; new cottage of 5 rooms
and bath; choice fruit trees in bearing; lot
?,7x27f1; fine neighborhood; only 2 blocks from i
Fruitvale aye.; easy terms If desired.
5220ft— Cottage of 4 rooms and bath; barn; j
5 chicken nouses: 1 cow, 1 horse, harness and
wagon; choice fruit trees and shrubbery; lot ■
el«).
H. A. PLKITNER, Fruit vale Station. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.!
OAKLAND REAL ESTATES.
READ ALDEN COMPANY'S bargains this
week since their removal to new quarters, j
ll]!i Broadway.
$2800— Nearly new and all modern. 2-story j
residence and grounds; 7 rooms, bath, etc.; near
, Twenty-fourth St. and Broadway; bent bargain
in city.
$2750 — Large residence and grounds; 9 rooms, '
bath and good lot; finely located: near Tenth
nr.il Market sis.; nothing cheaper or better
west of Broadway; call and ccc.
ALSO
■ $630— Beautiful building lot; well located; all
street work complete; size 40x125; central and j
taken under foreclosure.
ALSO
$1650- 2-story; 7 rooms, bath, etc.; 6 blocks to
' Broadway and stations; very fine bargain.
A I -Hi '
J2.'f»0 — Good house and grounds In St. Helena, .
. Napa County, to exchange for a business in
I Oakland or San Francisco, etc.
; ALSO
acre ranch to Fell cheap or exchange; $1500.
Money to loan on real estate and $.V) 0 to loan
• on pianos, furniture, etc; 1 percent monthly.
: ALDKN CO.. 1118 Broadway, formerly Alden-
Garfieid Co.
NEW modern pretty .'.-room 2-story cottage;
street work done; sacrificed: only $200 cash,
balance , ; '.i 'i $15 on mortgage.
• ' SALSBURY, 90S Broadway.
" 500 ACRES near Livermore: 4-room house;
springs; 40 acres hay; fenced; 5000 cords large
oaks cut on shares; lease $100 per yqar; good
• land. SALSBURY, 90S Broadway.
: 461 ACRES; Alameda County; thousands of
large oaks; springs; fence; house; perfect
park; $10 per acre: on terms or lease; see
jl imotos. BALSBURY, 908 Broadway.
i COTTAGE— - rooms; large lot; flower garden;
rent to good tenant; furnished; for $20 month.
• X - E - Bi;xCK - Sfis Broadway.
$1 • CASH. $5 monthly till paid, for a fine
chicken run, f.ox2. r .G feet; price all told, $190;
Al soil, grand view, superb climate, plenty
of to. id water: 3 buildings now going up;
[ electric cars and Brand boulevard near by;
not far from a line school house; Westall
Tract, Fruitvale, adjoining East Oakland.
3 Call or send for circular, 4.". Seventh st., near
corner Broadway, Oakland; H. Z. Jones,
owner; carriage free.
' $3500— A FURNISHED new Gothic Queen Anne
' stylo house, G rooms and basement room and
attic: everything the latest style and finish;
: seeing Is believing; call early; owner is retir-
ing prom housekeeping; property cheaD at
, I $4500. J. S. MYERS, ICO2 Broadway, Oakland.
THE SAIS FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBEE 17. 1899.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND UK AL ESTATE.
ARE YOU GOING TO BUILD?
DO YOU WANT AN INVESTMENT?
NOW 13 THE TIME TO BUY.
200 LOTS 200
200 LOTS 200
200 LOTS 200
— :
IN CENTRAL LAND COMPANY'S TRACT.
IN CENTRAL LAND COMPANY'S TRACT.
j Between Grove street and San Pablo avenue.
! Thirty-second and Thirty-sixth streets.
between Grove street and San Pablo avenue, '•
. Thirty-second and Thirty-sixth streets. |
$10 per foot. '?.-:
$10 per foot.
$12 50 per foot.
$12 50 per foot.
$15 per foot.
$15 per foot.
$17 50 per foot.
$17 50 per foot.
ALL STREET WORK DONE.
ALL STREET WORK DONE.
j We build to suit and sell on installments.
WE SHOW LOTS.
WILLIAM J. DISOEE,
803 Broadway, Oakland; Room 16. second floor,
Mills Building. San Francisco.
| $2500 — VERY handsome cottare home of 6 |
rooms, laundry and bath; everything Of the ;
: very latest style, such as window seats, book- '
j case and sideboard built in dining-room; front |
door with full bevel plateglass, double edge; ,
rolled rim porcelain tub: porcelain sink, etc.;
lot 50 foot front; Just a step to car line:
sunny exposure; can make terms to suit; this
I Is a decided snap
GEORGE B. M. GRAY.
4.".4 Ninth street.
14500— ONE of the best locations In Oakland;
fine new and modern house: never been oc- |
cupied; eight rooms, laundry and bath; j
French plate windows: large lot, 50 foot front; ]
all nickel-plated open plumbing; plenty of
window seats built throughout; would pay to
Investigate before buying.
GEORGE B. M. GRAY,
4"4 Ninth street.
E. E. BUNCE.
90S BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
SOUND AND SAFE INVESTMENTS.
$4500 35 acres near Oakland; plenty of run-
nine water; 6-rnom house; cheapest piece of
land In this State.
Large list new houses for sale; easy terms.
SO-paged catalogue of ranches and city
homes.
Most reliable land office in this State.
Before you buy or loan your money on Cali-
fornia real estate get my opinion of Its value.
CHEAP good land; Haywardi; 100 acres valley
land; either whole or part $I<H> per acre. C.
K. KING. 002 Broadway, Oakland. .
GREAT trade— Clear house. Piedmont. $3500,
i for a small clear ranch. C. K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED — House and lot in Oakland for
chicken ranch In Petaluma; $2600. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
$.' PER foot-Fine lots; only three blocks to
: Berkeley local: north side of street; lot 40
feet front; street all sewered; must be sold. :
Only five lots left; easy terms if desired;
i this property is in the midst of good Improve- ;
ments, and has been held at $10 per foot: a]
quick sale Is wanted: one and a half blocks
east of San Pablo aye.
JAS. S. NAISMITH. owner. 452 Ninth St.
WHY not at once? Level-headed people who
desire to make and save money should take
advantage of golden opportunities offered.
Pine building lots in the Gallndo Tract, ad- !
Joining East Oakland. $90 up. Build your
home, or we will build it for you. See pres-
ent model homes now building; $10 cash, $5
monthly. Pemlta aye., sewered and city
water, electric cars and fine schoolhouse. j
Call or send for circular. 468 Seventh st., ]
near corner Broadway. Oakland. Carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, owner. . ':' ■■-■. I
$3000—7 ROOMS; up to date new house; lot
60x134: mlist sell in 10 days; terms to suit:
call for a list of new houses. E. B. BUNCE,
'■' -. Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR ! \LE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. I
— . ■— — ■ — », —^— — »^—^ —^—
OAKLAND HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — By genteel couple, residence to care
for in Oakland in return for free rent. J.
M. It.. Call branch office, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND HOARD.
- — ~--~
FOR rent with board in private family, a large
handsomely furnished room, with furnace
heat; 2 blocks from cars. Address A. W., I
Call office. Oakland.
SAN RAFAEL ADVERTISEM'TS
SAN RAFAK- KKAL UK.
jlQfin — $12 so PER month; 5 rooms, large lot; \
plenty of flowers; San Rafael.
$139 -$18 per month; 7 rooms; close to Hotel
Rafael; excellent locality and large grounds.
THE HOME BUILDING COMPANY,
Room 2. 222 Sansome St., San Francisco; also
Fruitvale station. .
~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND i.OTlCE— Dividend No. 71 (25c per'
1 share) of the Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation^
Company, will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, September 20. 1899. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, September 14.
1899 at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
! Frederick Frater and Minnie Town* 26-29
1 Carl A. Anderson and Hanr.a M. Ni1150n.. 32-23
John Mertz and Alice Moore 27-25
Janney Pierson and Lillei J. Peterson 24-22
Nils N. Masvik and Manna I. Grevstad.... 3l-21
Alberto Glovannonl and Isola Bughinlani. .3B-22 I
Charles Madepon and Katie Bender — '. — 33-30 ;
" BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth marriage and death notices sent by |
i mall will not be inserted. They must be handed I
I In nt either of the nubllcatlon offices and be j
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- i
j sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ALEXANDER— this city, September 15, 1859,
to the wife of J. L. Alexander, a son.
BERLINER— In this city, September IG. 1899, I
to the wife of Charles A. Berliner, a son.
BROWN— this city, September 8, 1899. to
the wife of Peter J. Brown, a son.
i BUHRMEISTER— In this city, September 12. ;
1599, to the wife of H. F. Buhrmeister, a
daurhter. -"..
BURNS— In this city, September 16, 1599, to th«
■wife of Edward Burns, a son.
CRONIN— In this city, September 13, IS9D, to
the wife of J. P. Cronln, a daughter.
FLOOD— In this city, September 15, 1599, to the !
wife of Dr. Arthur M. Flood, a non.
GNARINI— In this city, September 6, 1599, to j
the wife of Andrew A. Gnarini, a daughter, i
JOHNSON— In this city, September 6, 1899, to
the wife of Will P. Johnson, a son.
McGRATH— In this city. September 13. 1599, to
the wife of James McGrath, a daughter.
MAACK— In Dayton, Ohio, September 4, 1899,
to the wife of William Maack Jr., a son.
MALOITGH— In South San Francisco, Septem-
ber 13, 1*99, to the wife of Joseph Malougb, a
daughter.
MONET— In this city, September 11, 1899, to
the wife of L. Monet, a daughter.
MILLKR— In this city, September 15, 1899, to
the wife of C. Alvin Muller, a son.
NUTTING— In this city, September 7. 1599,'t0
the wife of George C. Nutting-, a son.
STAFFORD— In this city. September 7. 1599, to
the wife of Nicholas 1. Stafford, a daughter. |
_______
MARRIED.
BAILY— ROBERTS— In San Jose, September 7, !
1899, at the Unitarian Church, by the Rev. I
N. A. Haskell, John J. Bally and Mrs. Kate :
Lester Roberts, both of San Jose. «
BRUNING— CHASE— In this city, September 16, !
1899 by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William H. i
Bri*n!ng and Ella J. Chase.
DASNIERES— thin city, Septem- i
ber 12, 1899, by the Rev. O. Groensberg-, Albert
A. Dasnieres and Annie J. Beach.
FLYNN— CHARIOT— In this city, September 9, i
ISA by the Rev. Father MctJlnty, James E.
Flynn and Charlotte Chariot.
GRAHAM— BRATLIE— In this city, September i
14, 1599, by the Rev. O. ■ Groensberg, Andrew i
S. Graham and Bolette S. Bratlie.
HALLER— STOLTZ—In this city, September 12, j
1889, 'by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Emll L.
Mailer and Charlotte J. Btoltz. \
JESPERSEN — OYHAMBURG— this city,
September 15, 1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Enevald Jespersen and Mary Oyhamburg.
KELLY-TORRENCE-In this city, August 19,
1599, by the Rev. Father Hannigan, Henry
E. Kelly and Violet M. Torrence, both of San
Francisco.
KOPPKN— In this city, September 16.
1599, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling. Adolph Kop-
pen and Josephine Duane.
LEVrr— JACOBS— this city. August 27, 1599.
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Morris Levlt and
Fannie Jacobs, both of San Francisco. .
RUSSELL— In this city, August 30,
1599. by the Rev. Father Sullivan of St. Jo-
seph's Church, David G. Lewis and Mary E.
Russell, both of San Francisco.
MOTZ— PORTEONS— In this city, September
12. 1599, by the Rev. J.. Fuendellng. Andrew
Motas and Addle F. Porteons.
DIED.
- Allen, Leverett I. Kearney, Thomas
Andersen, Sine C. Kemm, Edward
Anderson. Sarah Knlppenberg, Ernst
Bagge, Mary A. Koster. Elvira
Butler, Agnes P. Kuffner, Elizabeth
Cunningham. John' Linkllghter. Elmer
Day, Thomas J. McLure, John
Derby, Annie McManus. Patrick
Dolan, Thomas Monkman, James H.
Dye, William H. Murray. Mrs. Kate
Gaden, George T. Pattridge. Robert K.
Oilman, ''haries H. Porter. William H.
| Hagan. William Potter, Elijah
Hargaden, Michael Silver, Ant
Holdstein, Rose G. Slmmen, Louise
Holmes, Mrs. M. Smith, Frederick J.
Isenburg, Benjamin Smith, Roy A.
Johansman, William Smith, William
ALLEN— In the City and County Hospital.
September 16; 1599, Leverett I. Allen, a native
of New York, aged 69 years.
ANDERSEN— In this city September 16, 1599.
Sine Caroline, beloved daughter of Andrew
and Catherlna Andersen, a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 days.
ANDERSON— In tins city, September 14, 1899,
at 2515 Devisadero street. Sarah, beloved wife
of Thomas Anderson, and mother of Walter
G. Anderson, Mrs. Frank Fredericks, Mrs.
D. H. Vail and Mrs. H. M. Gorham, a na-
tive of Australia, aged 62 years and 2 months.
GTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from St. John's
Presbyterian Church, corner California and
Octavia streets. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
BAGGE— In this city. September 16, ' 1893. Mary
A. Bagge, beloved mother of Annie Bagge
and Mrs. Paul Agmar, a native of Mallow,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 72 years and 16
days.
BUTLER— In this city, September 15, 1599. Ag-
nes P., beloved wife of Percy B. Butler,
daughter of Joseph and Catherine Moreno,
and sister of George. John, Morris, Walter
and Joseph Moreno nnd Mrs. G. L. Wilson.
a native of San Francisco, aged 21 years 9
months and 3 days.
K7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her parents'
residence, 540% Second street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where services will be held.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. September 13.
1899, John, beloved husband of the late Mary
Cunningham, a native of New York City,
aced 71 years.
ETFrirnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Inxerment Holy Cross
Cemetery-
DAY— In this city, September 16, I<W>, Thomas
.1. Day, a native of New York, aged 66 years.
DERBY— In this city, September 15, 1899, Annie
Derby, mother of George Derby and Lottie
Bertsch. and sister of Lizzie Blshel, a na-
tive of New Orleans, a«ed 57 years and 9
days.
I ."Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th" funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DOLAN— In Oakland, September 16, IS!>9.
Thomas Dolan, beloved husband of Margaret
Dolan, and father of Mrs. Nellie Meyer, a na-
tive of County Longford, Ireland, aged 65
years 6 months and 12 days.
(C7"Frif-nds and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at — o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1177 Fifth street. West Oakland, thence
to St. Patrick's Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for" the repose
of his soul, commencing at — o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DYE In this city, September 15, 1»;'!\ William
Haddock Dye. son Of Alfred E. and Susie P.
Dye, a native of Farmington, Cal., aged 1
year and 6 months.
IC?"Friend-< and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the First M.
E. Church, .well street, near Washington.
GADEN— In this city, September 18, 1899,
George t.. beloved husband of Minna V. j
Gaden, a native of St. Johns, Newfoundland,
aged 55 years.
(t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited. Services will be held to-morrow
(Monday), at 3 o'clock, at the chapel of Odd
Fellows' Crematory.
OILMAN— In this city, September 16. IS9O,
Charles Heyhoe Oilman of Palo Alto, beloved
husband of Kate Gilman, and father of Mary
X . Philip K. and Charles Edward Gilman.
[CTServices at the residence: private. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland,
by 11 o'clock creek boat.
HAGAN— In this city, September 16, ISM. Wil-
liam, beloved son of William and Hazel
Hagan, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
month and 7 days.
HARGADEN— In this city, September 16. 1899,
Michael Hargaden, beloved uncle of Patrick
and William McGoldrick and Mrs. Ellen Glb-
lf-n, a native of the City of Sllgo. Ireland,
Heed 73 years 11 months and 16 days.
HOLDSTEIN— In this city, September 15, 1899,
Rose G., beloved wife of the late Gustave
Holdstein, mother of G. A. and C. J. Hold-
t-tein, and sister of Mrs. Annie Phalr and
Mrs. J. P. Sweeney, a native of New Jersey, I
aged 61 years. (New York and Philadelphia j
papers please Cppy. )
CTFriends and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. .1. P. Sweeney, 266 Tehama
Street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HOLMES In Gold Hill. New. September 14,
1899, Mrs. Margaret Holmes, wife of the late
Peter Holmes, and mother of Mrs. J. F.
Dietrich and Ed Holmes, a native of County
Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 67 years.
ISENBURG In this city, September 16, 1899,
Benjamin Isenburg, beloved husband of Ber-
tha Isenburg, and father of Hajel and Rosle
Isenburs. » native of Hessen-Darmstadt.
Germany, aged 60 years 5 months and 8 days.
JOHANSMAN— In this oity, September 14, 1899,
William Johansman, a native of Germany,
aged 36 years and 22 days.
(C?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street,
near Fifth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KEARNEY— In this city, September 16, 1899,
Thomas Kearney, beloved brother of Mary
Kearney, Mrs. A. Cunane and the late Eliza-
beth Gannon and Maggie Lazelle, a native
of the parish of Elphin, County Roscommon,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to ftttend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, vt;7 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KEMM— At Lorna Prleta, September 16, 1599,
Edward Kemm, a native of Grantham, Lin-
colnshire, England, aged 60 years.
[T-?"rhe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:15 o'clock, at Loma Prleta.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, San Ma-
teo County.
KNIPPENBERG— In this city, September 14,
1599, Ernst R.. dearly beloved husband of
Anna Knippenberg. and father of George,
Frank and Alice Knlppenberg, a native of
Westphalia, Germany, aged 69 years and 24
days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from I. O. O. F. Hall, Seventh and
Market streets, where funeral services will
be held under the auspices of Yerba Buena
Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. . F., commencing at 1
o'clock. Interment Mountain View Cemetery,
Oakland, via 3 o'clock' creek route ferry.
K> ISTBR— In this elf September 15, 1899, at
her residence, 511 Connecticut street, Potrero,
Elvira, dearly beloved wife of John E. Kos-
ter, mother of John E. Jr.. Sadie, Etta, Annie
and Frankie Koster, daughter of Mrs. Harris
Weymouth of I.lvermore, and sister of Mrs. j
E. Ambrose. Mrs. L. Roberts and Mr. Levl i
Evans of Boyd, Wasco County, Oregon, a na-
tive of Kansas,' aged 35 years 4 months and
5 days.
it .-""Friend-- and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
11. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence to I. O.
0. F. Hall. Market and Seventh streets,
where funeral services will be held, under the
auspices of Templar Rebekah Lodge No. 18,
1. O. O. FFt. t commencing at 2:30 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KUFFNER— In this city, September 13, 1899,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late Bar-
tholomes Kuffner, a native of Germany, aged
73 years.
ty Funeral this day (Sunday), at 2
o'clock, from the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 636 Washington street.
LINKLIGHTER— this city. September 16,
l-'i'.i, Elmer, beloved son of Mrs. Ellen Link-
lighter, a native of Canada, aged 13 years.
McLURE— In this city, September 15, 1899, John,
beloved bm.bnnd of Eliza A. McLure, and
father of Mrs. O. E. Mack, Mrs. W. R. Ar-
thur. Mrs. John Gordon and John A. and
• James T. McLure, a native of Paisley, Scot-
land, aged 60 years. •
C .'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this, day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 363 First street. Interment private.
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. Please
omit flowers.
McMANUS— In Newark, N. J., September IS,
lWt. Patrick, beloved brother of Sergeant B.
McManuß of San Francisco, a native of the
parish of Kinawley, County Fermanagh, Ire-
land.
ITTFrlencis and acquaintances are respect-
HtNRV J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln : School.
Telephone South SO. w .sv" ,V
fully Invited to attend a solemn mass of re-
quiem, which will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul in St. Ignatius Church, to-morrow
(Monday), commencing at 8 o'clock.
MONKMAN— In this city, September 14. 1599,
James H.. beloved husband of Louisa A.
Monkman, a native of IJeverly, Yorkshire.
England, aged f>S years 5 months and 13 days.
MI'RHAY-In San Jose, Cal., September 10,
1599, Mrs. Kate Murray, mother of Mrs.
Frank Cleaves. Mrs. W. J. Currathers and
James and Eugene Murray, aged 68 years 4
months and 10 days.
PATTRIDGE— At his residence. 1141 Twenty-
seventh avenue. South Sa-n Francisco. Sep-
tember 16. IS<<9, Robert Kirkwood Pattridge,
dearly beloved husband of Uie late Catlyirine
Pattridge. and beloved father of Robert Klrk-
■wood Pattridge Jr. and Mrs. J. J. Hayden, a
native of Watertown. N, V., aced 72 years
p.nd H months. (New York papers please
copy . )
iH?"Notico of funeral hereafter.
PORTER— In this city, September 16. ISO 9. Wil-
liam H Porter, ;i native of Salem, Mass.
(Massachusetts parers please cop*-..)
POTTER— In this city, September 16, 1599,
Elijah Potter, beloved husband of Jeanie
Potter, and brother-in-law of James Lockie
and Andrew and Annie Dorward. a native of
Leeds, England, aged H7 years.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from James Hagan's
undertaKing parlors. 44.S Valencia street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SILVER— In the City and County Hospital.
September IS, 1599, Anton Silver, a native of
Portugal, aged 4'.t years.
SIMMEN— In this city, September 14. 1819.
Louise, beloved wife of John Simmen. and
mother of Frank. Harry, Annie and Joseph-
ine Simmen. a native of Germany, aeed 49
years S months and 14 days. (Milwaukee and
Chicago papers please copy.)
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, XS3 Capp street, near Twenty-fourth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, September 16, 1599, Fred-
erick J., beloved husband of Sarah Smith,
and father of Fred, Sadie and Frank Smith,
Mrs. J. H. Mulligan and Mrs. W. H. Rick-
ard. a native of Enuland, aged 62 years 8
months and IS days.
ITT" lnterment private.
SMITH— In this city, September 16, 1899, Roy
AloyslvM, beloved son of Hugh f>nd Sadie
Smith, a native of San Francisco, aeed 2
years 4 months and 20 days.
SMITH— In Sant.i Monica, CaT., September 15.
is?", William, beloved husband of Ellen
Smith, a native of Scotland, aged 72 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post anil Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Occidental I>odee No.
22. F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
TV G Thompson. Ont ] G Bronsen, Cal
R Boulton. Alaska G St Ledger, • al
S Bass, Yreka E Stuart, Idaho
H G Hancock, Onkriiile .T Chirm, San Jrse
J C Boyd, Honolulu H Howell, Chicago
J S Nelson, Portland J Green, Santa Rosa
M Eager, Seattle L Dauph^rty, Ukiah
A R Martin, Chicago S Maynard, Stockton
O H Le Fevre & w, 1) Fisher & v.\ Stkton
Stent E \V Martin, "Fresno
L M Cortez, <■%] H C Danly &. w. <>r
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Oeo Clover, N V Mrs S Westfali. Sacto
G E Goodman, Napa Mr Daniels, Sacto
Mrs Goodman. Napa Mrs Daniels. Sacto
F W Sisson. Ariz J A Ames, Oakland
H J Cone. C S X 11 W Hryan. USA
T Flint Jr, San Juan F A Bradley, Cinn
J A Garver, U S N N Wilshlre. Los Anp
J S Hill. Pa \v E Bailey, I^s Ang
A V Tocid, Omaha W G Taylor, Los Ang
"VV R Perk. N V X W Godfrey, Menlo
Mrs W R Peck, N V .1 W Bennett. Stanfrd
A Peterson, Pliilmlei J Sinclair, X Scotia
C X Stevens, N T Mrs Sinclair, N Scotia
Mrs c f. Stevens, X V Miss Carrnlchael, N S
D Posadas, li Ayrea E S Rowley, Los Ang
0 L Fox. Chicago J Vi.-s. Holland
C I. Coran, Mass .1 Ti Mercman, L Anu
.1 McFadden, Sta Ana Mrs Mercman, T>is A
Mrs McFadden, S Ana Miss .1 Mercman, L A
.1 Hammer, I/.< Ang Miss C Mercman, L A
Mrs J Hammer. L An^ Mrs <; Gurney, Mexico
F A Wynian. Boston Mrs TlH\>>n.s. Mexico
.! Macdonald. L Ang Dr W Taylor. Ldvermr
Prof Copeland, Stanfd U C Davis, I" s N
Dr W Wlnshii\ Stanfd V S Houston. D P N
F L Winder, T^'s ,\n<r J F Carter, U S N
R McCracken, Stanfrd E Tyner, chicapo
L A Crane. Sta <'ru7. A U Gregory, '- AnR
Mrs Crane. Sta I'ruz A L I/>v.e. Wash.D C
Mrs J Westfall. Sacto M Lowenthal, Lk-'S Ang
GRAND IKiTKL.
A P rininner. Ukiah |H A /..inn, Cal
.1 M Strlening. S RoaalL II Ratchet. ier A w,
.T Allen. Woodland Los Angeles
E II riark ■£.- w, Cal A L I.fan. Juneau
J 0 Cashln w <" ;l i .i d Cole, Stanford
W P '"olt-man, U S A X P Patterson, Va
Mrs H E Stafford, N V J E Crump w. c a l
A P Watts, USA Dr D L Deal .<- w. Cal
J F Hus, Cal Mrs II M Barstow,
E Rusk, Alaska Xapa
H Hus Berkeley Mi 1 --? BarstOW, Xapa
J W Johnson. Seattle Mrs II A Bostwirk.
J A I "onion, Ventura j Cal
R M Covey! Cal A II Tlorton. Beckwith
j R Johnson A w, Cal H O Snyder, w & son,
H Howard. Stkton Urlchevllle
H \i Robertson. S.'attl J A Murbaugh, T B A
Miss Howard. N V A H Dougherty. Cal
W .1 Harris, Vlsalla W Grant. I'itrss
\ Handsome * w, Cal S P Poland, 9 Jose
V I, McKenney. '- :1 ] J M Vlckers. c.n!
C E Hovey X w, Cal •' <", McMillan, s Jose
W Murray. Cal C G Wllcox, Visalia
A P Hayne 0 S V Mrs S Davis. Sacto
i: M Holden. Cal :.1 I Smith. Chlco
M 1. Gallagher. Idaho G H Andrews &. w,
J H Nolan. Oakland Portland
C R Chevault, M D. J F Condon, Verdi
Helena ; R M Covey, Cal
Mrs C R Chevault, E AVhitehead. L Ang
Helena M Bices Jr. Cal
D E Inprnham, I- Ans C W (""adman. Cnl
A Hanscome & w, Cal Mrs F Martin, Cal
T Flint. Cal Mrs Warrinjr. S Joee
H A .lethro. Cal E Poley, S Cruz
W F T<Rrnea. T, Anp 'Mr? Baker & dau, Cal
C B Shaver, Fresno H P Smith. Cal
W D Tillotson ( 'i>l ( " J Costello, Florida
B W Bldwell, Cal w O'Rourke & w, Cal
F H Goldsmith. N T '
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 15— Br ship Manches
ter, from Shanghai.
Sailed Sept 16— Stmr Charles Nelson and schr
Defiance, for San Francisco. Sept 15— Schr
Dora Bluhm, tor San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Sept 16— Chil ship
Star of Italy, from Royal Roads.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived S<>pt 16-Stmr I-a Bre
tagne. from Havre; stmr Lucania, from Llver
-1 YOKOHAMA- Arrived previously Sept lft—
Stmr China, from S,m FtanclßCO
BRISBANE— Arrived Sept 16.— Stmr Miowera,
from Vancouver, etc.
"I should llkp some evidence, young
man, that your intentions are serious,'
said thfi old' gentleman.
"Evidence! exclaimed the young: man.
"Haven't I bought three boxes of candy
at «0 cents a pound, two matinee tickets
and six plates of ice cream in less than
two weeks? How much evidence do you
expect from a man in moderate circum
stances."— dbJcagroPost.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis Sept. 20 St. Louis Oct. 11
St. Paul Sept. 27 St. Paul Oct. IS
New York Oct. 4, New York Oct. 25
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Sept. 20 Southwark Oct. 11
Nordland Sept. 27 Westernland Oct. 18
Frleeland Oct. 4 Kensington Oct. 25
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on fay
of sailing. ■-..-■
AM ERICA -MA RU Friday. October 6
HONGKONG-MARU Wednesday. Nov. 1
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offce,
421 Market, st., cnr. First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
§1 X .*" Wednesday, Septem-
M■* ber 20, at 2 p. m.
G>jS^\ *^\ S. S. Mariposa sails
i^fMllMlincJ via Honolulu and
CJlUllllJlliy Auckland for Sydney
(Ofli|r)?|?M'- Wednesday, October
V=lllfA!JlCT 4, at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc. $610 first class..
J. v. $t>K£(;KELS fit BROS. CO., M gts.. 114 Montgomeri
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 327 Market St.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TIANBATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. c^lmm
' Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. «.'i_itt.r>
j from Pier 42. North River, foot of > ? *z?t v »
: Morton st. LA BRETAGNE. Sept. 23; LA
! TOURAINE. Sept. 30; LA NORMANDIE, Oct.
7; LA CHAMPAGNE, Oct. 14; LA GASCOGNE,
Oct 21. First-class to Havre. $65 and up- i
ward, 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre, $43, in per cent reduc
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building), New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, a Montgom-
i cry aye.. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— THE 'H
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the Slot day of December,
A. D. IS9B. and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and «11 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital .Stock, paid up
In Cash $500,000 00
• ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company 389,189 23
I.ioans on Minds and Mortgages 1.080,660 66
Caph Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 824,027 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 67,700 00
Cash in Company's Office 8,681 24
Cash in Banks 177,799 45
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.037 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 16,807 OS
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 115.683 92
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks
Rents due and accrued 7,91821
Ground Rents, well secured 21,320 CO
Total Assets $2,710,727 67
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid % 47,895 96
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 100.999 24
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 2.81S 06 |
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $950,938 95;
reinsurance 50 per cent 475,469 47
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $909,-
-247 99; reinsurance pro rata 494,73159
Gross premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent
Gross premiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50 per
cent
Amount reclaimable by the Insured
on perpetual fire insurance policies 566,667 35 !
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 17,852 68
Total Liabilities $1,706,994 25 ;
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums 1,226,144 49
Deposit premiums on perpetual
RiEks 16,731 65 I
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 61,574 85 1
Received for Interest and dividends [
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from I
all other sources 44.643 60 1
Received for Rents 18,569 94 j
Received from all other sources 2,665 "I
Total Income $1,370,329 60 1
EXPENDITURES. * === !
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (in- 1
eluding $120,141 60, losses of previ-
ous years) $ 781.&77 00 i
Nft amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including deposit premiums re-
turned 17.522 49
Dividends to Stockholders 40.CC0 00
: Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 244,023 43
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
■ charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 48,356 00 !
i Paid for State. National and local i
taxes 43,737 27
All other payments and expendi-
tures 171,085 25 i
Total Expenditures $1,346,626 47 :
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year : 1813,448 66 1
Risk* and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums, :
Net amount of Risks i ;
written during the
year $139,088,171 $1,534,496 47 '
Net amount of Risks! :
expired during the
year I 130,651,130 : 1,563,512 04 j
I Net amount in f »rce
December 31. 1535....| t67.J86.350 L 860.156 94 j
THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. President I
RICHARD MARIS, Secretary. i
Subscribed to and sworn to "before me this '
6th day of February, 1899.
HENRY F. REAR DON, Notary Public.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
GENERAL AGENTS, '
411-4<3 CALIFORNIA STREET, |
SAN FRANCISCO. '
OCEAN TRAVEL.
. Pacific Coast Steamship Co
I W^ Steamers leave Broadway
i fc§*»j], wharf, ?an Francisco.
S rtp*ire>9!&V. or Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 i§l'nS3w?s!& September 18. 23. 2S, October j
I E«Ev £S&JniKel ?1 cnan l? e nt Seattle.
' ; aSH «Sl4 I'" or Victoria. Vancouver
i SmmSkW®^ (B - C.). >'" r: Townsend. Se-
I r^^^a&^SSK »'*! . Tacoma, Everett, Ana- i
"Vnf^Q cortes and New Whatcom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.,. September
18. 23, 2S, October 3. and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and j
G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van- 1
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m., Sep-
tember 16. 21, 26, October 1. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, Pan Simeon. ,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), !
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme,
San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and !
Newport, 9 a. m.. September it. Zl. 25, 29, Oc- i
tober 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
1,..s Angeles and Redondo (I>os Angeles). 11 a.
m. September 15, 19. 23. 27, October 1, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cnbo Mazatlan, AHatn, La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each '
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves ! the richt to chance !
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates j
and hours of sailine.
TIC'KKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery |
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. A*ts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 8, R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST BTEAMKRB TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
TADC £12 First Class Including Bert*
i iAiIL $8 Second Cla*'i and Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails
Sept. 5. 15, 2.'; Oct. 5. 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails ..Sept. 10, 20, 30; Oct. 10. 20, 30
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
■• 630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
TORTs7NA^A¥AHDIAiIEJr"
Steamer "Alonticello."
MON.. Tues.. We'd., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
I a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
| days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150 S. , .
FARE 50c
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalit* Farry. /
Commencing September 1, 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. :
•1:45. 3:20, 4:00. 5:15. *G:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
1 and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "B:OO. *9:00, •10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m. ; 1:00, »1:45, *2:30. *4:00. 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
■ 5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:40. 7:55, 8:40, »10:20
a. m. 12:30, 2:1.',. "3:40. 4:?.:<. 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS lon Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturday! at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. "8:00. *9:45, »10:45. »11:43
a. m. 1:00, 2:20, »3:30, •5:15, *6:00, 7:00, 10:15
p. m. ■
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:50, 7:55, 8:53, 10:35
a. m.: 12:35. 2:«. 4:55, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m. 12:05.
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns,
S:Oj a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way Bta'ns.
1 1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes aad way sta'na.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
(PACIFIC KVHTMW. I KI " AIfT :
rr».--;s rMK-WiS""
(Main Lino. Foot, of Market Street.)
FboTI^X 1339. - AHBig
7=OOA Cenicia. Kuisun and Sacramonto. . . , . :i *
lioOA Marysville, Oro*..leand Ledd.ng »ia
lone • acnii.u'iito, 1 latmuo, a.fxm
ilirj-Till.-. Chic..,. HertßlttS « >\%Z
S'soa Yosemite Valley Tia Oak«lato and
uic.OA Martraw. Trrcy. Lttbrop. Stockton. 5
New OrK-ai-s on J. hMi ;••• ° i^S
•"■•°" s^sssssvs: fcVw
PcrtenrUle •J»'o»p
•liOOp Sacrnmento l!iv?r s *f"!P2a^M^i" al*Sf
8:OOp naywftrd«. NUoi and Way Stat.ons
«.IM»r Martinez. Han "* al °"' l , n X tt " eJo ' 8 .1»*
4.<M»j> Beuicia, Vacavlllr.. &«*»'»•"'£
Woodland. Kn: hts Landing.
Mam*Dta, 0r0Ti11*..... %'*£s
4:8 Or Nilea. He.D .losoaud Stockton ;••-••• .AtJ^i
4:: SOp rowmfte Sleeping Car for Hammond 1*.13F
O»OO?Tho OwL Tracy. * rcf.no. • i »* e "-
field. Baugus for Banta Barbara.
Lcs Angeles. la-lS*
OißOp PtocktoD. Merced. Fresno..... l».i«>F
OiSOp Martinez. Tracy. Mendcta. I'resno.
iMnIBTO Mid l.os Angeles... Si-IB*
SiSOr Santa Vo Konte, Atlautlo Express
for Mojiiro nud ....... ........ *'**»
•iO»pChicn«o-SaiiFrauci«coBpeci*l.«)K<l«'»
and Hast * : ™®f
«:OOp Haywarda. NilesardSan Jose < •■»"*-
•'JiOOr Vailejo Hi"" SI? «- sl °'
17 :OOr Vailejo. Port CosU anil Way 8t»-
-tlous -• I 9:50»
»:«3p Orecon )''.»|ivt'W,.Sarr:ifriPuti>. Marys.
, villo. Ueddiiiß, Portland. I'uget
Moiiiml and Haiit W;1»4
COAST HI vision (Harrow (iuug").
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 ~«Ti4«a Banta Cruz ICxcurelon for Kanta
i * Cruz and Principal Wp.j gtatious :8:O5»
Newark, Centcrville.San Jose. Felton,
BoulderCreek.fcantaOVuzand Way
Stations 3s3o»>
*»il»r Hewark, (.'entcrville, Ban Jose, hew
AlmadeD Felton. Houlder Creek,
Bauta Cruz and I'rincipal Way
Stations • • • ....... •»•«•■»•*
4ilßr San .lose. Olenwood and Way Sta-
tiooi. Bsao*
Mtl»rFeltou. Santa CVuz and Way Sta-
J Hops /Piati*
" CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS rBINCISCO— fooI of Market Strut (Slip 8)—
•7:15 6:00 11:00 a.M.. M. 11:00 *2:00 t3:C3
•4:CO tB:OO *G:ooi'.M.
turn ok JUßD— fool or Brcadwa;.— -6:00 8:00 10:00 a.m.
JI2:CO •1:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:CO 'SXPi'.".
COAST lUVISIOS (»roaiMlangc). /
(Third mid Townseml Sts.)
• «5:IOa Ocvan View. South ban Krancieco.. # «::»Op
*I:O«A San .Jose and Way Stations (New
Alinadvii Wednesdays only) »J»:OO*
17i30a Sunday Excursioa 'ci Santa Cruz,
P»citi3 <JroTo and l*rinciiAl Way
Stations :St33»
SiOOa San .)o3t>. Tro» Piiios, Kimta Crux,
I Facilio (srove. l'.iso Utibles. Hun
I 1,n13 Ohisim. Snrf, Lompoc and
: Princilial Wiiy Motions 4|:lOp
1 I«i4«a San .lose mill Way Stations «;::i."»A.
| II:UUa Ban Jose ami Way Stations 1j«Op
I «3t4spBan Mated, ltedwood. Menlo Park.
! Palo Alto. Sauta Clara. .Sun .lose. *
) llollister. Hauta ('lll7. B»Hca«.
Monterey a::d l'acilic tirore .. *IO:1b*
; ■S(B*r San' Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Principal Way SUUoiia *7:S«p
•4:15p San.iosonnd I'rlucipal Way .Stations !i:iu
*.1:'.) Op San Josoand Principal Way Stations "B»a3*
BxSOr San.lossand Principal Stations •!>:<><'*
6:::Ot* San Jose p.inl Wajrßtatinui r»::t(>p
' <!!:«.->■• Sai? .loßOcnd Way JStati.>iis :?.-:t»f
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
•Kund;iy »<xce|ite<l. 1 Sunday only. t fiatnrilay only.
■ bßatiirday nnd Sunday /SntyJay aud Monday
: CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO,
L3SSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
I Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
j BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL,.
; WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35J
I 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays Extra trip
j at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips at 1:0*
! and 11:30 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:20. 11:00 ». m.; 1:30. 3:3\
! 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
i SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
I WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
I 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:55 and 6:85 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a, m.; 1:40, 3:40. 5:05.
j 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Para;
same schedule as above.
Leave 1 ' Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect Sail Francisco.
April 16. _,
Week Sun- I 1599. Sun- Week
: Days. days. I Destination. days. Days.
I 7:30 am', 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ara
! 3:30 pm t 9:30 am! Petaluma, 6:05 pm| 10:25 ana
i 4:10 pm 6:00 pm! Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm; 6:20 pn»
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:26 am
Healdsbursr,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
: 1:10 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:55 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am j Hopland and 10:25 ana
£:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am j 10: ana
8:00 am Querneville. 7:35 pm
«:30 pm J J 6:20 pra
; 7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ana
f and . I
; 1:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. j 6:05 pm| 6:20 pm
T:3O am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 ant
; 1:30 pm 6:00 pml I 7:35 pm 6:20 pnj
i Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs: at Clovordale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Spring-*!.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
totter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's •
Bucknell'B, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle.
Boonevtlle, Phllo, Christine, Soda Springs.
JJavarro, Whttesboro, Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, MendocUio City. Fort Brag?.
We«tport. Usal, Wlllltts, ; Laytonvllle, Cum«
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
' Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
! reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point* ■
1 beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market at.. Chronicle bld»,
I H. C. WHITING, R. X RYAN. '
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAT IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLB
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING-ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE, HIS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J Street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JDAQUIS
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28, 1593, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound
Pas-sen- Mixed. Mixed. | Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
! 7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:4. i pm 6:00 pra
i 9:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pmi 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno | 9:30 am 2:42 pm
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 ami 1:45 pin
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 2:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Viaalla 6:40 am 1:22 pm
■12:15 pm 6:53 pm| Tulare 5:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Department. 321 Market st
San Francisco.
MOUNT tamalpais scenic railway
Leave San Francisco, via Sausallto Ferry
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23 189q
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m!. and 'i:45 p m
I Extra trip on Monday. Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:lo p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ing, arriving in San Francisco at 11 :"o
p. m. "■*>»
SUNDAYS. 8, 9, 10 and U a. m. and 1:46 1-30
and 4pm. "
Fare S. COOK SON. and Return 11 4aCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sharp gain in local bank clearings last week.
Silver and Exchange quotations unaltered.
Wheat and Barley didl and tending doivnzvard.
Rather more demand for Oats and Rye. Corn still dull.
Hay and Feed stuffs as previously quoted.
Beans and Seeds inactive at the old prices.
Sweet Potatoes still lower. Tomatoes glut the market.
Butter, Eggs and Cheese stand the same.
More Eastern Poultry to arrive to-morrow.
Game still scarce and high.
Wine Grapes quieter, as usual, on Saturday.
Lemons firm. Limes again very scarce.
Hams easy and quiet. Bacon and Lard very firm.
Hogs easy at the decline already noted.
Large increase in Quicksilver exports.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank olearlngs last -week wer« $25,762,
--434, against $18,801.M7 for the same week last
Exports of Flour and Wheat.
Exports of Flour from this port during the I
first eight months of the year were 678,340 bbls, 1
against 545.840 during the same time in 1898,
Reducing this Flour to a JCheat basis and add
ing it to tea exported Wheat gives total Wheat
exports during the eight months of 3.905.200
ctis, ralued at 54,445,300, against 6,049,2<30 ctls
at J7.4ii,cw in is: 3.
Th* Quicksilver Trade.
Receipts of Quicksilver at this port during
tile first eight months of the year were 15.463 j
Casks, against 16,035 during the same time in -
1864- Th« exports by sea ware 81S9 flasks, val
ued at JJ1?.0«5. against 4257 flasks at 1154.983
last rear.
The Hay Market.
The circular of Scott & Magner says: "We
have received 4251 toes of Hay on this market i
during the past week. Arrivals by rail would
have been much heavier if the railroad was
In a position to handle the amount of Hay
being offered It for shipment. As It is, :
shipments by rail are held back for some days ]
en account of the want of trackage here in I
the city lor the reception and unloading of j
cars. There is not much change to report la ,
the market conditions. Consignments are sell- i
ing very well as they arrive, and the feeling i
throughout is fair steady."
Alfalfa Hay— While arrivals are fairly lib- j
eral, the demand at this time is quite active,
and offerings have sold readily and the market
can be quoted as firm. Choice offerings find ■
very ready sale, and the medium grades,
while they do cot move off as readily, still \
are being satisfactorily placed.
Straw — The demand for this article has been !
first rate, and consignments are being readily |
sold at the following figures: Choice Barley t
Straw, 35c; No. 1 lots of Barley or of Wheat j
Straw, 27%332%c per bale."
Weather Report.
(130 th Meridian— Psclfio Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 18—6 p. m.
The foUowiEg maximum temperatures were '
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 56 San Diego 7?
Fresno ii Sacramento 92 i
Loa Anereles II Indepeodenc* 84
Red Bluff. ...s N Yurr.a SS
San Lola Obispo.... 78]
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C 8; minim urn. 52; mean, 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL ,
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the coast
of California. An area of low pressure ex
tends from Arizona northward through Cali
fornia into Oregon.
Warm weather prevails over the entire coun- i
try west of the Rocky Mountains except along ,
the coast from ,-. Francisoo northward. Max
imum temperatures of about 93 degrees are re
ported from many stations In the interior. The ,
weather continues favorable for raisin-making :
at Fresno.
A maximum velocity of 26 miles per hour
from the west Is reported from El Paso.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
tours ending mldnitrht, September 17, 1599:
For Northern California— Cloudy Sunday;
southerly winds In the interior, westerly winds :
en the coast, with fog.
For Southern California— Sunday; light
■westerly winds.
For Nevada— Fair Sunday.
For Utah— Fair Sunday.
For la — Fair Sunday.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Sun
day, threatening in the morning; southerly
winds, changing to fresh westerly.
ALEXANDER G. M-ADEE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Nezv York Stock Market.
KTCW TORK, Sept. 18.— appearance of
the bank statement effectually dispersed all the
encotrragin* Illustrations that speculative hold
ers of securities have been indulging for several
flays past and threw the market Into demoral
lzatic^i. Prices were offered down by plunges,
and very heavy blocks were liquidated appar
ently for what they would bring. The local
traction stocks were a special mark, seemingly
on the theory that they had not responded
adequately In sympathy with Brooklyn Tran
sit. Metropolitan slumped an extreme 14%
points and Manhattan 8. Brooklyn Transit it
self was somewhat relieved from the recent
v-re pressure and held firmly at ES or above
through most of the storm in the late mar
ket The other Flower stocks were fiercely at
tacked People's Gas dropped nearly 4, Rock
Island IK and Federal Steel 1%. Sugar fell
an extreme 4- 9 and Tobacco ~\. Losses else
where In the specialties extended between 2
end 3 points In numerous cases. St. Paul suf
fered from continued liquidation even before
the late break, a.-.d after the bank statement
appeared It dropped an extreme l%i to ll*.
Many «-allroad stocks fell a point or over. The
violent declines Invited the taking of some
quick profits by the bears, which caused fever
ish rallies. In Metropolitan the rally reached
over 3 points. But the tone of the speculation
at the closing was completely demoralized, and
prices in many cases were still being offered
down rapidly In the frantic efforts of holders
to unload. The losses in cash by the banks
for the week were over $2,000,000 less than had
been foreshadowed by the known movements,
but on the other hand a contraction In loans
had been expected to reach as high as 125.000,
--000 according to some estimate?. As the re
firns showed a reduction of only 57,845,400 in
loans the net result brought the surplus re
serves down to about a quarter of a million
dollars of the l»en! requirement. Stocks held
en marjfin and with borrowed money have been
forced to sale In large volume during the week,
•with resulting raids on th« market prices
reaching a considerable figure In some cases.
Last Saturday's bank statement showing re
serves of a number of the clearing-house ln
ttitutlonH already below their legal limit, made
It certain that there would be loan contraction
and the bears were eager to anticipate the
Exiling which was in prospect. Rates for call
loans were marked up on Monday and Tum
d!»y by rpafon of the eager bidding of the
•would-b* i lowers, who were seeking to shift
loar.g which had been called. The volume of
liquidation indicated clearly enough that many
w<>re unable to get accommodations even at
th« higher level. The bears sold bo Indus
triously that their endoavor to cover short con
tracts worked a sharp rally on Wednesday,
wh?n the banks cased to call in loans, and the
pressure of forced liquidation was relaxed.
But whon the demand from th* shorta was
Fatisflfd th« market fell back again. The re
actionary tendency was emphasized by the re
fusial of the St. Paul directors to extend the
disbursements of the larger surplus earnings
of the year beyond the regular dividend rate.
The decision was calculated to have th». more
effect on the railroad stocks since many stocks
have been lifted on speculative buying based
en *-xpect*tion of increased dividends, few
of thwse stocks can show as large a surplus
of current earnings as St. Paul, ana many are
in far more urgent need of expenditures on
structure and equipment In order to increase
the operating efficiency. The annual report
of nearly every Important railroad that comes
to hand contains the same etory of aimlnlsn
lnir rates for transportation.
Ton-nili* revenue was never so low betore
a'»d is still declining, and the further rnduc
tt-j'is In ton-rnl!e cost of operation thus maae
necessary |B only to be ach!eve<l bjr enormous
outlays of capital for Improving roadbeds and
tra equipment and structures, putting 1 down
of pra'les so as to make possible the carryinsr
of heavier tmtnloads. The relaxation of the
money stringency after the banks had reduced
their liabilities on account of loans lea to an
optimistic midweek view of the money outlook,
which however, was not long: maintained. i
Somewhat exaggerated effect wm produced on j
j sentiment by the decision of the Treasury De- |
partment to anticipate the payment of October
1 interest on Government bonds. Last year's
experience In a similar period of stock market
i need of money demonstrated that holders of j
Government bonds were not Inclined to avail
. themselves of the offered privilege. The relief
I at tx?st would be small and is not immediate-
Ily available. With continued demand for cash
I In sight, both from the Treasury and from in-
I terior money centers, no source of replenish
i ment ti discernible. Bankers, In fact, express
themselves as well content with the existing .
I rate lor money, and are not disposed to seek
I means for relief of speculative borrowers. They .
hold the view that a check on undue specula- |
tion and a weeding out of weak speculative ac- '
i counts makes for the safety of the financial ;
j fabric. The causes of the firmness of sterling '
j exchange with money rates in New York far
I above the London level and a supposed credit
\ balance In our favor or many millions does
i not find very adequate explanation. There are
' £ald to have been large receipts from abroad '
1 of securities, but selling from that source has i
, not been In evidence through the regular j
agencies. Foreign houses in New York have I
lent money here during the week. The pur- j
i pose may be to ease the money rate and so !
defer the pressure on London for gold until j
the Transvaal crisis has resolved itself in some
■way.
Bonds have moved In sympathy with stocks,
but not as widely. United States 6s advanced
X In the bid price.
STOCK SALES.
Shares Closing
i Sold Bid.
6'.>o Atchison 20*4
8,300 Atchison prefd 62
600 Baltimore & Ohio -.
300 Canadian Pacific »2Vs j
i Canada Southern 62 !
800 Central Pacific &tH» j
j 1,1/38 Chesapeake & Ohio 27 :
j 7.2u0 Chicago Ureat Western 14%
15.520 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 130 !
I Chicago ... Louis i \
100 Chicago lad Ac Louis prefd 41'
100 Chicago i East Illinois S3
3CO Chicago £i Northwestern 166 I
10,-SSa Chicago Hock Island & Pacific 113S '•
6uO C C C & St Louis 56 j
600 Colorado Southern 4% |
j Colorado Southern Ist pre.'d 43 v - 4
225 Colorado Southern 24 prefd 14% i
823 Del & Hudson 122 <
1,450 Del Lack & Western 179% '
Denver & Rio Grande '.'IS ;
600 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 73\, I
Erie 13
100 Erie Ist prefd 86%
450 Great Northern prefd IWj
200 Hocking Coal 17%
100 Hocking Valley 33
200 Illinois Central 113
lowa Central 13 ;
100 lowa Central prefd 55
700 Kan-. City Pitts & Gulf »
! Lake Brie & Western 19
L X & Western prefd 79
; Lake Snore 202 j
. 4.56" Louisville & Nashville 78% j
1 29.055 Manhattan L 10S% i
; 23,660 Metropolitan St Ky 193% I
200 Mexican Central 14}* I
i Minn & St Louis 73
; Minn & St L prefd S5
3,450 Missouri Pacific 41%
100 Mobile & Ohio 44
100 Missouri, Kan & Texas 12"i ;
( 1,500 Missouri Kan & Texas prefd 39 I
320 New Jersey Central 1174 '
2,'j00 New York Central 133 1 j
2,450 Norfolk & Western 24
400 Norfolk & Western prefd 69%
3. SCO Northern Pacific 52%
Llriw Northern Paclnc prefd 75
1.300 Ontario & Western 1294
Oregon Ry & Nay 42
Oregon Ry & Nay prefd 76
3,000 Pennsylvania 131%
1.400 Reading 21V;
3.', Reading Ist prefd 56*4
30« Reading 2d prefd 31 |
Rio Granda- Western 3m !
100 Rio Grande Western prefd . SO j
200 St. Louis ft San Francisco 11", i
St Louis & San Fran Ist j>refd... 6S |
St Louis & San Fran 3d prefd — 35 X * j
100 St Louis Southwestern 15
450 Si Louis Southwestern prefd Hi
25.510 St Paul 12V*
St Paul prefd 179
St Paul St Omaha 119 i
13,600 Southern Pacific 8514
Southern Railway 11%
600 Southern Railway prefd 51% j
100 Texas & Pacific 75% I
9.220 Union Pacific 44% j
3,530 Union Pacific prefd '•>
W*abash 7% |
100 Wabash prefd 21=* I
2.123 Wheeling & L E ! ii*»
200 W & L E 2d pn?fd 23
Wisconsin Central 17 i
P C C & St L 73
Express Companies
, Adams 115 i
American 147
i United States 60 |
Wells Fargo 132 ;
: Miscellaneous —
600 American Cotton Oil 4344
; American Cotton Oil prefd 93%
1 American Malting 15%
American Malting prefd 66%
435 American Smelting & Refining 28%
200 American Smelting & R prefd 59%
American Spirits 5*4
, American Spirits prefd 30»i
1,370 American Steel Hoop to%
American Steep Hoop prefd S5
2,600 American Steel & Wire M
300 American Steel & Wire prefd 97 i
300 American Tin Plate 39
American Tin Plate prefd $6%
12.070 American Tobacco 12414
American Tobacco prefd 143
1.460 Anaconda Mining Co 54 :
! 72,175 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 88 '
'• 8.610 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55%
! I.OSO Continental Tobacco 43%
500 Continental Tobacco prefd 95
! 10.6C> Federal Steel 55
500 Federal Steel prefd 7JS*i
300 General Electric 121
270 Glucose Sugar 62
Glucose Sugar prefd : 108
ii') International Paper 27%
200 International Paper prefd 75
1.200 Laclede Gas 65»4 I
100 National Biscuit 4S
; National Biscuit prefd 101%
National Lead 30
■" National Lead prefd 10!)*;
800 National Steel £2
r» National Steel prefd 96%
200 New York Air Brake 156 "
200 North American 124
450 Par I flo Coast 48%
Paciflc Const Ist prefd 84
Pacific Coast 2 prefd , 64%
-■" Pacific Mail 40%
17,00 People's Gas in
200 Prefsed Steel Car sg
Prepsed Steel Car preM 90M
250 Pullman Palace Car 164 |
: Standard Ropo & Twine 6% I
19.C10 Sugar V"',
Sugar prefd 117%
4.9 M Term Coal & Iron 117
5.421 United <=•-••« Lenther 11 4
; 3.422 United States Leather prefd .. 76
6.">0 United States Rubber 41}
; United State*" Rubber prefd us
450 Western Union PSS
2,9:'< Republic) Iron & Steel 27"* ,
500 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 7214 j
390.100 shares
CLOSING BONDS.
1 U 6 2« reg 100% M. X & T 4s 93*
Do Ss reg 1084 New York Cent Is. ill
Do 3s coup 108% N J C Ren 5a 121%
Do new 4a reg.. 130 Nor Carolina <*... US
Do new 43 coup. l3o Nor Carolina 45.. .1041,4
Do old 4s reg HIM, Nor Pac lsts 113
Do old -4s coup.. Nor Pac 3s 66% \
Do it reg 111% Nor Pie 4? 103%
Do "3 coup 111% N Y. C & S L 49.108 '
1 Dist of Col 3 655.11" Nor A West con4s 91%
Alabama, class A. 109% Nor & West genCsl3S ;
Do. class B 109 Or Nay lsts 115
Do, clans C 103 ,Or Nay 4s 102*4 I
Do, currency 100 Or S Line 6s 12? ■
Atch Ben 4s 102% Or S Line con 55.113% 1
Atch adj>4s 88 Reading gen 45.... 87%
Can So 2nds 109j£|R!o G W lets 98
Ches & Ohio 4%5.. 95% aT. & I M con 6s. US '
Ches & Ohio ci....HS'4 8 L & S F gen 65.124%
Chi & N con 75. ..145 St Paul cons 173%
Chi Terminal 45... 96 pr P. C& P l!>ts..l"l !
Den & Rio G 15ta.106% St P. C & P ..121 j
Den & Rio G *»-... 89*» So Railway os ....109% !
Erie gen 4s 71% Stan R & T fa.... S3
E Term, Va & G15.104 ' Term new settle-
Ft Worth & Denvr ; ment 3s 95 I
City l«ta ••• 74 I Tex & Pac — 115
Qen Elect Bs .116 Tex & Pac 2nds —54
OH &8 A fis 108 Union Pac 4e 104%
THE SAN FK AM CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
G H * S A 2nds.loß Wabash Ists 115%
H & Tex Cent is Ul Wabash 2nds 100%
H& T Cent con 6slll West Shore 4s ...113
lowa Cent Ist* — 116 Wls Cent lets 77-
Kans C, P & Gls 71%!Va Centuries 87%
La new con 4s 106 !Va deferred 5
I. & N -unified 45.. 99% C & S 4s E3%
M, X & T 2nds... 71 '
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End ....... ?4
Call loans 4®5 Do prefd -113% 1
Time loans 4^">i~ Westlnghs Elec.... 47
Stocks— j Do prefd 69 !
Atch T & St Fe.... 20V4 Wis Central 17% |
Do : -era Sl% Bonds—
Amer Sugar 147 Atchison 4s 100 1
Do prefd 117% Mining Shares-
Bel! Tele 361 Adventure 9«i '
Boston & A1bany. ..263 Allouez Mm C 0.... 5%
Boston Ele lOBVi Atlantic 19
Boston & Maine... Boston & Mont 345
Chi B & Q 130'i,Butte & Boston... 65
Ed Klec 111 205 (Calumet & Hecla..7Bo
Fltchburg prefd... .l2l%! Centennial 34%
Gen Electric 123 Franklin ISU '
Federal Steel 54'-V Humboldt 2% 1
Do prefd 78 Osceola S3 1
Mcx Central Parrot 46%
Mich Tele PS Qulncy 153 '
Old Colony 308 St Fe Copper 13
Old Dominion 31 ! Tamarack 212
Rubber 47*i'Winona 10
Union Pacific 44% I Wolverines 44%
Union Land s*ilUtah ss '•
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar Ontario 7 25
Crown Point 20 Ophir 100 I
Con Cal & Va 13' Plymouth 1" .
Deadwood 77; Quicksilver 2 00
Gould A; Curry 32 j Do prefd '.. 800
Hale & Norcross.. 26 ?i-rra Nevada 70
Homestake .'.65 00 Standard 2 80
Iron Silvan- 54JUnion Con 40
Mexican 42 Yellow Jacket 25
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK, Sept. 13.— The Financier says:
The clearing-house banks of New York, ac
cording to their report for the week ending
September 16. lost about $8,000,000 In cash as a
result of the previous sir days' operations.
More than half of this was absorbed by the
treasury an.', the rest went to the Interior. The
banks reported September 9 less than $3,000,000
cash over legal requirements so that the de
crease for tiie current week was larger than
the available fund from which to draw it. The
result, ne«»<iiess to 6ay, was accomplished by a
heavy contraction in leans, with a resultant
shrinkage in deposits. Despite the loss, there
fore, the banks still hold $276,450 more reserve
than required by law. Practically they have
reached the limit cf their power to supply new
money, and future demands must be met by
renewed operations of the character named—
that is. borrowers will be called upon to liquid
ate their indebtedness. This foreshows, ma
terially, a continued hard money market, al
though rates do not — to be able to hold
above 6 per cent under circumstances that or
dinarily would indicate money famine. The
truth of the matter Is that the situation is well
understCKxl that there is no apprehension what
ever. If money works much higher in New
York the idle surpluses which are held else
whore will be Immediately forwarded to this
center, with a consequent lessening pressure.
The trouble ir m a banking standpoint is the
heavy drain which the treasury is making on
banks. The loss since the end of July has been
upward of seventeen millions, a sum much
greater than has gone to the interior. When
this drain is relieved all trouble over the future
will be eliminated. At present, however, It is
a serious fact, One year ago. It may be re
mark'-'l. the excess reserve of the New York
banks was only about five millions, but a few
weeks later the total had risen to over twenty
millions. •".-■ld imports assisted in creating this
increase. There is no immediate sign that last
year's method of recuperating Is to be re
peated now.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were dull and the tone was
weak, awaiting the Transvaal reply. Bear
covering brought a fractional rally toward the
close. Americans opened weak, but closed
above the worst, showing fractional losses.
Ti:itos. 4C IS 4; Anacondas, 11 3-16; Bostons, 1' ;
Utahß, S%.
The bank bought £42,00') In gold bars and
£100,000 was taken for the Cape.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Sept. 16.— Canadian Pacific. 95%:
Erie 13**: '' first preferred. 38; Illinois Cen
tral.' 117; Union Pacific preferred, 79; Northern
Pacific preferred, 77 1 i; Atchison. 21%: Grand
Trunk, SH: Anaconda, HVi; bnr liver dull,
27 3-16 d per ounce: money, 2 / y2'-i per cent.
€ = *
Nnv York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Sept. 16.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,320 barrels; exports, 16,759. Market quiet,
but BtVßdy. Winter patents, $.', ."."■';3 75;
s»trai£hts. $3 30(j3 40; do extra?, $2 40^2 SO; do
low grades, $2 25Q2 40; Minnesota patents,
$3 KGi; Minnesota bakers', $2 9593 SO.
WHEAT— Receipts, 245,225 bushels; exports,
4.i.407; spot steady. No. 2 red, 74?ic t. a b.
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 7S^c f. o.
b. afloat to arrive, new; No. 2 red, 73% c ele
vator. Options opened steady and ?gc higher
on cables, but ruled quiet and featureless,
easing off V»@^ic under local liquidation, ex
port demand not being satisfactorily sustained
and receipts in the Northwest heavy, closed
easy at ie net advance. May, 79%@79Vic,
closed "S'^b; September, 73 1 4ff70%c. closed 73% c;
December. 76 l-16?fT6 I ,ie, closed 76% c.
HOPS— Quiet. State common to choice, 1596
crop. 6c; 1837 crop, nominal; 1838 crop, 10® 13c;
Paciflc Coast, 1896 crop, 4'u6c; 1597 crop, nomi- -
nal: IS9« crop, Hfl4c.
HIDES— Firm. California, 21 to 25 pounds,
18% Ti 19c.
METALS— broken" price for lead is $4 40
and for copper IIS SO. ,
COFFEE — Options closed unchanged to 5
points lower. Sales, 18,600 bags, including:
September, $4 15; October. $4 15; November,
$4 20; 'December, '■ 40^4 45: January, $4 43;
March. $4 50; April. $$ 60; July, $4 80. Spot-
Rio, dull and easier. No. 7 Invoice, 5 7-16 c;
No 7 jobbing, 5 -18c. Mild— Cordova—
G^Sll^ic.
SUGAR— Raw. quiet. Fair refining, 3%c:
centrifugal. 96 test. 4%c: molasses sugar,
3 11-lSc. Reflned— Quiet. No. 6, 4";ic; No. 7,
4 9-l<!c; No. 8, 4%c: No. 9. 4 5-16 c; No. 10.
4 6-16 c; No. 11. 4 3-lCc; No. 12, 4%c; No. 13.
4%c: No. 14, 4 l-16c; mold A. 5 9-l6c; standard
A, 5 l-15c; confectioners' A, 5 l-16c; cut loaf,
6 11-16 c: crushed. 5 13-lCc: powdered, 6»ic;
granulated, 5 E-15c; cubes, 5 l-16c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 47^0 packages. Firm.
Western creamery, lS^23c; June creamery,
18U(?i22c; factory, ISOISC.
EGGS— Receipts, r.' ri 6 packages; firm. West
ern ungraded at mark. 13@16%c.
California Dried Fruits.
NEW YORK. Sept. 16.— California dried
fruits, quiet but steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7%c;
prime wire tray, 7%@Bc; choice, 8%®90; fancy,
9®9Vic.
PRUNES- 3ViJB%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 12<J?13%c; Moorpark, 14®
16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7»;@9c, new.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Sept. 16.— advance In quota
tions In Liverpool gave wheat a firm feeling
at th« opening, with the prices ranging about
half a cent higher all around. The strength at
Liverpool due to the critical condition of af
fairs in the Transvaal brought a number of
yesterday sellers into the market, and buy-
Ing from this source while it lasted kept prices
up for deferred futures well above yesterday's
closing point. The trading, however, was con
fined almost entirely to local operators, and
when shorts had satisfied their wants the mar
ket was allowed to drift. For the remainder
of, the short Saturday session the tendency was
steadily downward. Receipts at primary points
were heavy, and this, coupled with a poor cash
demand, few of Friday's offers being accepted,
encouraged the bear element. Selling. pressure
was light at all times, but the buying demand
was so slack that little liquidation sufficed to
depths prices. In September more strength
was shown. There was almost nothing done,
but elevator selling was totally absent and the
price at all times held at a good advance.
Weakness in the deferred futures became more
pronounced .toward the close, when for the
first time liquidation assumed respectable pro
portions. Atlantic sort clearances of wheat
and flour amounted to 600,000 bushels. Snow's
weekly " crop report estimated the total
wheat crop at about 630,000,000 bushels, and
predicted the Government's report on the acre
age would probably be revised. This had some
effect. December opened. %c to He h:«rher at
71V4S'l%c, and gradually declined to 70%@70>ic.
closing- at 70«4c. September sold between TIV»'U>
71'ic and 70?ic. and closed %c higher at 71»fcc.
Corn in the main followed wheat, though de
ferred futures did not develop so much weak
ness. There was an active demand for Septem
ber from shorts, who found some difficulty In
covering. September at one time sold as high
as 33c. and closed %c higher at 32%e. De
cember closed Ho higher at 2S%f?2STsc.
There was a good demand for all oat fu
tures early In." the session, but later the ■ de
mand slackened and . prices receded. Decem
ber closed unchanged and September %c lower.
Provisions were dull but steady. Prices were
a little higher at th« opening with grain mar
kets and kept within a narrow range through
out A good export demand for meats was a
feature. At the close January Dork -was .Be i
higher, lard 2%<55c higher and ribs 2%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
September °.\ 3— Jl 71% 70J4 . , 71%
September 71 71% 70% 71%
December 71% 71% 70* 70%
May .: 74*» 74»i 73% 78%
Corn No. 8—
September 32^4 33 32% 32\
December 28% 29 28% 25%
May 2974 29"» 29% 29%
Oats No. 3—
September' 21% 22 21% 21%
December 21% 21% 21% 21%!
May 23 ' 23 2!»i 22% I
Mess Pork, per barrel—
October ............ 7 92% 800 7 92% 7 97%
. December 805 8 12% 805 810
' January 9 50 9 60 9 50 9 67%
Lard, per 100 pounds — 530 6 L.. 830
October.. ...6 27% 530 6 27% 630
December 5 32% 5 37% 5 32% 5 37%
January 542 5 47% 5 42% 5 47%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
October ..:.... 615 6 17% 515 5 174
j January 495 4 97%, 4 92% 4 97%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour.
I steady; Winter Patents, $3 Sf<S3CO; Straights,
$3 1033 35; Spring Specials, $* 10; Spring Pat
! ents IS 40@3 70; Straights, $2 8003 20; Bakers.
. $2 2062 60; No. 3 Spring Wheat. 6Sig69%c; No.
" Red 71% c; No. 2 Corn. 32* 4 a: No. 2 Oats, 224
<S2"^c: No. 2 White, 24%(&2£c; No. 3 White,
23! 2 ii24%c; No. 2 Rye, i.7^37%c; No. 2 Bar
ley 3S<S46c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $110; Prime Tim
othy Seed. $2 35; Mess Pork, per barrel. tTIOfI
8- Lard, per 100 pounds, $5 IC@5 27%; Short Rib
' Sides (loose). $5 05©5 35; Das Salted Shoulders
I (boxed), 6@«VsC; Short Clear Sides iboxed), $5 55
©5 60; Whisky, distillers' finished . goods,- per
gallon, 22: Sugars, Cut Loaf, $5 83, Granu
lated. $5 31. -
Article*— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrel ".000 21,000
Wheat, bushels 94.000 56,000
' Corn, bushels 739.000 723,000
' OatS bushels 607.000 241,000 '■
1 Rye, bushels 8.000 !
i Barley, bushels 73.000 68.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the But-
I ter market was firm; creamery, 16/§)22c; dairy,
| I3<glßc. Cheese, easy; 10%4?ll%c. Eggs, firm; i
I fresh, 15c.
Foreign Futures.
» : — — ■ ' — •
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Sept. Dec. Mar.
Opening 6 8% 6 10% 6%
Closing — —
PARIS.
Wheat—' Sept. -Apr.
Opening 19 20 20 25
Closing 1920 20 25
Flour-
Opening 25 50 26 75
Closing 25 50 26 75
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Sept. 16.— CATTLE— of
cattle to-day were considerably above the Sat
urday average, but the bulk were consigned di
rect to packers, and offering were slim as
usual. The market was mostly nominal, the
fen- cattle offered being disposed of at yester
day's prices.
HOGS— Were in good demand and prices
ruled firm. Heavy hogs, $4 26 {M 70; mixed lots,
J4 3&©4 75; light, $4 3.<t-4 75; pigs, $3 7T»@4 65;
culls, $2 2*S4. , „ . .
SHEEP— Sheep and lambs were In fair de
mand at about top prices for the week. Sheep
sold at 1203 40 for culls, up to $4@4 40 for
Texas natives and Westerns. Lambs brought
$5 oWi* 50 for fair to choice.
Receipts— Cattle, 1000; hogs, 16,000; sheep, ;
Foreign Markets.
LONDON. S»pt. M-— Consote, l'M'^i; silver,
17 3-16<l; French rentes, lOOf Ssc; wheat cargoes
off coast, quiet but steady; cargoes on passage,
rather flrmt r
LIVERF<X)L. Sept. 16. — WHEAT — Firm;
whret in Paris dull; flour In Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands. 31 7-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, firm; No. 1 California, 8s
6%d- No. 2 red Western winter, 6s %d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed old and
new, 3s 6%d. Futures Firm; September, 3s
6%d : October, 3s " '■■:: November, 3s 5* 4 d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 7s 9d.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK. Sept. Exports of gold and
silver from this port to all countries for this.
week aggregate $775,770 silver bars and coin and
$4167 gold. Imports of specie this week were
$4?7,334 gold and $J9.33t silver. Top Imports of
dry goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week were valued at $9,160,378.
London Wool Market.
LONI>ON, Sept. 16.— Inquiries for wool dur
■ past week show a falling off and but
.les were recorded. Prices, however, re-
I firm. The offerings for next week re
: xies The sales will open Septem
ber IS and close Saturday, October 7.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 16.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able rash balance, $254.L'4.4.!1; gold reserve,
t2M,303,574.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or. S»pt. 16.— Clearings, $221,-
M; balances, J49.857.
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., S»nt. 16 — Wh»nt still
manifests an indifference, though pric°s raid
by millers fluctuate. Harvesting is proceeding
finely and some activity may goon be looked
for. Club, 57951 c; blue stem, 60-g«lc.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Or., Sept. WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla 59%@60c; valley, 60<g61c; blue stem, 61
©62c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Bterling Exchange, CO days — J4 84
Sterling Exthange. sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — * 8S
New York Exchange, sight — 124
New Y<->rk Exchange, telegraphic — IS
Mexican Dollars 48 48 7 *
Fine Silver, per ounce — 53
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The spot market continued ne
glected and nominal, and there was a further
decline In futures.
Chicago opened firmer under better foreign
advices, the Transvaal situation exerting a
strengthening Influence. Liverpool closed Ud
higher. The world's shipments were 6,250,000
bushels. Paris was 2c lower. The demand
was chiefly to fill shorts.
Spot Wheat-Shipping, $102-14; milling, $107%
#110.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $109-: 10,0 on $109%. May— 2ooo, $115.
Second Session— December— ctls. $109%;
8000. SlOS 7 i; 16,000, $109. May— Sooo. $114%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 33,ooo
ctlß, $1 09.
BARLEY— The market continues remarkably
dull for this time of the year, and offerings of
all descriptions are neglected. Chevalier la
considerably lower. There Is no sale whatever
f..r Inferior f Brewing, 87%<390e; Chevalier,
F<"od 75'gS2 1 2c; Brewing, 87H1?90c; Chevalier,
tl@l 12% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— Seller '99, new— 2ooo ctls,
82% c.
Regular Morning Session— sales.
O\TS— There was rather more demand at
unchanged prices. The circular of George Mor
row & Co. says: "Receipts for the week,
21,145 centals. The damage to Oregon's new
Oat crop is undeniably great, and a very large
percentage of the Oats which will find their
way here will be badly discolored. What ef
fect this will' have upon the market Is hard
to determine as yet. That it should stiffen
the price for good bright Oats of til kinds
goes without saying, but prices of Inferior of
ferings always tend to pull the market down for
good grain or Hay of any kind. At this writ-
Ing the outlook is not at all encouraging.
California Red Oats still seem to be in abun
dant supply and find favor among all classes
of consumers." White, $1 05®l 17%; Red, $105
©112%; Black. 90@97%e per ctl.
Dullness still characterizes the mar
ket. Eastern large Yellow, 05; White and
mixed, $1C2%5105 per ctl.
RYE— are some order« on the market
at !K>!&9.*c per ctl. . •
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOlTß— California family extras, $3 «og3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras. J3 4053 60; Oregon
and Washington. 13 40®a BO per bbl for extra.
$3 25-& 3 40 for bakers' and $2 23^8 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Oraham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, 12 78; Ry»
Meal, $2 SO: Rice Flour, $7; Corwneal. |1 50: «x
--tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 26: Oatmeal, i* 6004 75;
Oat Groats, S4 75; Hominy. *3 i6#J 50; Buck
wheat Flour. *»®4 25; Cracked wheat, $3 75;
Farina. $4 SO; Whole Wheat Flour, $8 WjßoUei
Oats (barrels), $6 X&6 95; In saok», l« KQt 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split P«a«, $4 BO; Green Peas.
15 per 100 lbs. ________
Hay and Feedstuff
There is no change to Hay, arrlYaJe contin
uing: large. Feedstuffs are quoted aa before.
BRAN— 3IS 50@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $1?@1S 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. S27@2S; Jobbing,
$2« 50<g29; Cocoanut Cake, $20«J-2t; Cornmeaj.
m 50524 50: Cracked Corn, J24@2G: Mixed Feed,
Jl6«7l<i 50: Cottonseed Meal, $2S per ton.
HAT— Wheat. 56 50& 50 for common to good
and 19®9 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat. »6@
8 50; Oat, $6«7 50; Barley, Js^7; Island Barley,
$5^5 60; Alfalfa, $5 50®7 per ton; Compressed,
$6 50<g9.
STRAW— per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Both Beans and P**>ds are dull and un
changed. The appearance of new Beans tends
to depress the market.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 65®1 76: Small White.
$2 07Vfi2 17%: 1-aire White. $1 «o@l 75; Pinks.
$2 15g2 25; Red*. $4; Blackeye, ii. But
ters, nominal; Llmas. $4 10; Pea, *2 15®2 25;
[ Red Kidneys, $2 25^2 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 2M?Sc: Yellow Mus-
I tard, nominal; Flax, »1 90@2 10; Canary Seed.
2\©3c per It> for California and 3Hc for East- ;
! era; Alfalfa, SMt<g"9Hc; Rape, 3c; Hemp, 4@ i
4%c: Timothy, nominal. :
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 25@1 50; Green, SI 66
@2 per ctl. ;
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Tomatoes still block the market. Green Corn
continues to rise. The other Vegetables are
unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions stand the came, with
the exception of Sweets, which are plentiful
and lower.
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles. 7£<f?Ssc; Early
Rose. 65c: Burbanks, 50®73c per ctl; Sali
nas Burbanks, 90c<51l 10; Sweet Potatoes, I%@
1 1 -.c per Ib.
OKIOKS— 7»®BSc per ctl for Sllverskina;
Pickle Onions. 5e«?75c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 2>ff2»4c per lb;
String Beans, lf;2c; Lima Beans. KtTl'-se; Cab
bage, 50@60c: River Tomatoes, 10<#25c; Alameda
Tomatoes. 20@3Sc: Etfff Plant. 3(y^4oc: Green
Okra 40ffC0e p«r box: Dried Okra. 10r?Uc per
lb: Garlic. 2<£f3c: Green Peppers. 2S@3sc for
Chili an.l %&&c per box for Bell: Carrots. 909
i '•■• per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 20©30 c; Pickles.
$1 75 t>er ctl for No. 1 and Re for No. 2; Sum-
I mer S<7ua?h, ?0<fl»0c; Marrowfat Squash. JS@lO
I per ton; Green Corn, Soc@U per sack, 75c®Jl 25
per crate for Alameda and 65i375e for Berke
ley. ;
Poultry and Game.
Game continues hl^n and firm under light
receipts. More Eastern Poultry will b« on the
market to-morrow.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@16c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Young: Turkeys,
17@lSc;- Geese, per pair, $1 50^1 75; Goslings,
»160©2; Ducks. $3 ;V>©4 for old and $4g6 for
young; Hens, $3 50@5: yoang Roosters, $4@5;
bid Roosters. 14^50; Fryers, 13 60; Broilers, {3
| for large, $2 50 for small; Pigeon*, $1 23 per
doten for old and $1 6002 for Squabs.
| GAME — Gray Geese, 14 50; Doves, 90c per
1 dozen; Grouse. $7; Sage Hers : Mountain
j Quail. $3 50; Hare, »1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 per
i dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
All descriptions under this head continue
quiet and unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamer}'— Creamery, 25c; seconds, 24c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22>4@23c; good to choice, 21@
22c; store, nominal.
Pickled roil. 20!321c; firkin, l&U21c; cream
ery tub. 21'g2'. > c per !b.
CHEESE— Choice mild n»w, lie; old, 10
eiO'ic; loung America, ll(511Vic; Eastern,
14gl£c.
EGGS— at 21(92t>c for store and 27@30c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern. 22^(jr24c for se
lected. 20fi21c for No. 1 and 17@l$c for seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fniits.
Wine Grapes ■were easy, as usual on Satur
day. Table Grapes continued cheap and dull.
■ Orchard fruits stood' about the sam«.
Limes are about cleaned up. Lemons rule
firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35(§ 60c D*r box for common and 7»c
<gn 35 for good to choice.
BERRIES — Blackberries, $334 per chest;
Strawberries, $7 per chest for small and $2®
3 50 for large berries; Raspberries. $2 SO© 4 per
chest; Huckleberries, Wf9c per lb.
Grapes. 20©30 c per box for Fontainebleau. 25
@40c for black, 20950 c for Muscat, 25®40c for
Tokay 75c for Seedless, 25<f?40c for Cornlchon
and 4Osj6oc for Isabellas; crates sell 10@15c
higher; Wine Grapes. MS ■ .'- per ton.
Watermelons— per 100.
Cantaloupes— 2s'a 75c per crate; Nutmegs, 15©
40c per box.
Pears. Bartlett, $1 26fil 60 per box for No. 1
and 75cg$l for No. 2; Winter Pears, 50c@U per
box.
Figs, 50<g75c per box for double layers of
black and 3f.i<?3oc for white.
Peaches. 25@76c per box.
Plums and Prunes, 23<860c per box and crate.
Quinces. 40 I ft6Oc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, $I@l 75 for com
mon and $26 3 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $767 60; California Limes, nominal;
Banana?. $1 50©l 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl@
2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
There is a steady demand for fruit, which
keeps it from accumulating, though there Is
no scarcity. There are a good many sales of
Prunes, but they are kept quiet, both here and .
In the East.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Prunes, In
sacks, 5%c for 40-50's, 4%c for 50-60's, 3%c for
60-70' 3i&SHc for TO-SOf. So for 80-90's and 2?i
@27ic for SO-100's; Apricots, lOlgllc for Royals, ;
14®15c for Moorparks and 12<§12*4c for Blen- !
' helms; Peaches. 4i*c for Standards. SfgSMsC
for choice and 6c for fancy; peeled Peaches,
ICXSIIc: Evaporated Apples. 6#«'-_>c; Sun-dried,
4ftsc per ib; Nectarines. "H'S^c per 1b for
red and BS3c for white; Pears. s@7c for quar
ters and 7 1 2 't"l< l c for halves; Black Figs. 3c;
White FiKs.~tWi<i'-»c: Plums, sVsij6c for dark and
7.fr7Hc for bleached.
RAISINS— 3*ic for two-crown. 4%c for three
crown • 5?4c for four-crown. R^^ic for Seedless
Sultanas.' (0100 for bleached Thompson's Seed
less and $1 20 for London Layers; Dried Grapes,
2^i*ii3c
— Walnuts. ofxSc for hardshell, 10i312e
for softshell; Chile Walnuts, ll$12c; Almonds,
1-1,/uiHjc for paper shell. Sij&c for soft and
4Q5c for hard shell: Peanuts. s^*j«%»c for
Eastern; Brazil Nuts. S&@ac; Filberts. 11-3
lH4c: Pecans. 7Vi@Sc; Cocoanuts. $4 50-«?5.
HONEY— Comb. ll>*c for bright and 10He for
light amber; water white extracted. 7*i®7Hc;
light amber extracted, 6%<87c; dark, i^c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24(ff26c per lb.
Provisions.
• There is no change. Hams are easy, but Ba
con and Lard are llrm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B%c per lb for
heavy. 9@9V*c for light medium, lie for light,
124; C for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, ISHc; California
Hams, 13c; Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess,
$12 60; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $12 CO;
extra clear. $16 50; mess, $15@15 50; Smoked
I^A'RD^-Tierces quoted at 5&@5%c per lb for
compound and "c for pure; half barrels, pure,
714 c: 10-lb tins. S%c; 5-lb tins, SM>e.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6Ti@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc • under quotations. Heavy salted
steers 10«51(%c: medium, 9#»V*c; light, 9c;
Cowhides. 9c; Stags, 6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Calf.
10c; dry Hides, sound, lGc; culls and brands.
13c; dry Kip and Veal. 16c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings. 20@30c each; short
Wool. 35560 c each: medium. 70@90c; long Wool.
9Ocf?!l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt, K'a2 86 for
large and $1 28<fM 50 for small; Colts. 25050 c
TALLOW— No. I. rendered, 4H'S5c per lb; No.
2 4«J4Hc; refined, - — : grease, 292 l ,bc.
WOOL — Spring Clips— San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months. &©llc; San Joaquln Foot
hills defective. 8(39c; Valley Oregon, 17iRlSc;
Eastern Oregon. 12#14c for choice and 9®llV4c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln Lambs, 8@10c; do
plain?. TCic: San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain 7 1 iii9c
HOPS— New are nominal at ll@l3c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hogs are easy and In less demand at the de
cline. Otherwise there Is nothing new.
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers:
BEEF— per lb for Steers and 6)4®7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7@lOc per lb. ,v i
MUTTON— 7®7%c; Ewes, 6@6#c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring. B@SHc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5Hc for small. 5%©5"-ic for
medium and 5Hc for large; stock hogs and
1 Feeders. 5Hc; dressed Hogs, 7@8&o.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7*4c; Wool
Bags, 2€®SSc; Fruit Bags, 6%c, BHc and 6c for
the three grades of white and 7@7Mc for
bleached jute. ;
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant $6; Coo« Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50:
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $8 50 In bulk and $10 73
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12;
Cannel, 18 per ton; Rook Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 «0; Coke. $12 per tern in bulk and $14 la
sacks. ■■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■:■ ■■ ' ■ ■ ' ■ '-'-''■'. '• ■■ -I
SUGAR— W««tem Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, In 100-lb bass:
Cubes. A Crushed aod Fine Crushed. 6** c: Pow
dered, s^c; Candy Granulated, 6Hc; Dry Gran
ulated, sc; Confectioners' A. oc; California A,
— ; Magnolia A, 4%c: Extra C, 4»-!c; Golden C,
4«» c; barrels, 1-IBc more: half barrels, k,c more;
boxM, £c more; 50- 1b bags, He more. No or
der taken for less tban 75 barrels or Us equiv
alent. Domlnoea, half barrels. o\c; boxes, 6c
per lb. '
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 16.
Flour, <jr ska Sugar, sks 600
J h *»t, ctlß S Bogmr. bbls 1,455
Barley, ctls 16.520 Lime, bbls IS?
.Oats, etls S2O ! Wool, bays ITS
Corn, ct!« 101 Brandy, gals 1.800
Butter, ctls 230 Wine, gals 47.W0
Cheese, ctls 46 : Leather, r0115.... 135
Tallow, ctls 22>"> Eggs dor. 1, 190
Beans, sks 377! Hides, No 827
Potatoes, ska 5,843 Pelts, bdle I<W
Onlone. sin 1.006 Hops, bales So
Bran, ska 1,7551 Hay tons 739
Middlings, 5k«.... 201 Straw, tons 63
OREGON.
Potatoes, ska 42 Wool, bale* 4
THE STOCK MARKET,
Securities sold fairly for Saturday, but prices
stood about the same.
There wa« nothing new in mining stocks,
which continued dull. The telegram from the
; pump said: "At 6:30 this morning the water
; was So feet below the 1950-foot level station.
] No. 1 elevator has been working continuously.
Have lowered No. 2 elevator 140 feet from the
1&50 station. Connections with the columns
above that station will probably be made
about noon."
The Welsbach Light Company of Philadel-
p hia has declared a dividend of 500 per share,
payable September 19.
j The Elkton mine of Colorado paid a dividend
I of $37,500 on the 15th, first this year, and $694,
--i 461 from the start.
The Jack Pot mine of Cripple Creek, Colo.,
will pay a dividend of $50,000 on the 2Sth.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Sept. 18—12 m.
Bib.Ask.l Bi.l.A«<
4s quar c0up. .112% — Mutal El Co.. Is%. 17H
4s quar reg.... — — D G L & H.. 49 '•
4a new quar... — 131H Pac Gas Imp. 66"4 —
3s quar coup.. 1084109 Pac LCo .... iQVe —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E 6ti\ 67
Cal-st Cab 55. 115 - San Fran JVa 3H
C C Wat 55.. .109 110 Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L& P tig. . iJ*' — ' Insurance—
1F& Cl Ry 6*. 1144 — Film's Fund. 22s -
Geary-st X se. — 95 Bank Stocks—
'H C & S :.'*?. lOTH — Anplo-i'ai .... —
L A Ry 55." ..108V4 — Bank of Ca1..&242534
LAL Co os.. a* — "al 8D & T.. — '.'S
do gtnd 65.. 99 — First Nation!. .234 —
do gntd 55.. — 100 Lon P & A... .123* —
Market-st 65..12*".*4 — Her Exchange — 1«
I do Ist M 55. 115 — Nev Nat 8k..182415Q
NC N G R75.11l — ; Savings Hanks—
N R of Cal (i 5.114. 114 — 'Ger S & L..1660 —
NR of Cal 5?. 115% — Hum S & L.I "50 1160
N PORK tis.l<)6^ — Slut Say Bk. 29 424
NP C R R 53.105 107 M V Say L... 500 —
N Cal R U 55. 11 l — Bay & L So. — 524
OGL & H 03.10S — Sec Say Bk. — 300
! Dak Trans 65..1imi124 Union T C 0.1400. 1400 1440
) Om C Ry 6a.. 1284130 Street Railroad*—
P&CI Ky 6s.l<J>sVilO9 California ....HO 123
Pk &O By 63.115 — Geary he -
Powell-st ROs.HS — Market-st ....6214 62%
Sac El G&R5n — — Oak I. & H. 50 —
SF & X P r,5.H4% — ' Presidio 16 —
'5F & S JVSs.lls'«n6<£ Powder —
It» By or Cal 6elub 1 i — 'California 150 165
'SP of A 65.... — 111 IE Dynamite... 85 —
S P C 63(1905)11H4 — Giant Con Co. 754 76
f P C 6e<1906) — 1144 Vigorit .. !% 2%
SPC Ss (1912)122%123U|Hana P C 0.... 15 15%
1.-C<: is eg 5».1»i1i — Haw C&S C. 9**4 96%
i S P Br f<B IS 126 1 Hutch S P Co 30^ 314
I S V Wat 65. .11414— jKllauea S Co. 2S K%
I S V Wat 45. .104 104%; Maka well S C. SB stAi
SV W 4s(3dm)lol*i — lOnomea S C... » 391*
Btktn Gas ».s.. - — Paauhau BCo 38 38H
Water Stocks— Wj»teUaneou>—
Contra Costa.. 74% 75%, Al Pac A55n.. 11741174
ivjarin ('••tuny: iO — IMer Ex Awn.. — tuv
I Spring Valley. 1024102** Oceanic S Co. — 894
>.> and fcjlectnc— Pac AF A — 1% —
: -ent L * P.. 64 64'Pac C Bor C 0.140 1424
; Eqult G L Co. 4 — ! Par Paint Co. 54 —
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Alaska Packers' Association 117 50
30 Alaska Packers* Association 117 25
20 Equitable Gas 4 874
10 First National Bank 235 00
10 Giant Powder Con 75 75 ■
10 Giant Powder Con -. .• 75 62Vi
10 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 75
50 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 96 50
200 Makaweli Sugar Co 50 50
60 Market Street Railway 62 62*4
25 Paauhau 8 P Co SS 25
50 Paauhau S P Co cash 3' 124
20 Pacific Gas Imp 66 25
25 Spring Valley Water 102 124
5 Spring Valley Water 102 25
$2000 Spring Valley Water 6s 114 00
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 24 mort€..lo4 25
Street—
3 Bank of California 283 50
50 Bank of Califo#iia 253 00
$10,000 Los Angeles Railway 6s 105 25
60 Nevada National Bank s 10 IS3 73
$50C0 Omnibus Cable 6s 12S 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
30 Contra Costa Water 74 75
20 Contra Costa Water 74 874-
SO Equitable Gas 4 50
40 Giant Powder Con 76 00
M Hana Plantation Co 15 25
40 S F Gas A; Electric 66 25
MIXING STOCKS.
Following were the Miles in th* San Fran- i
cisco <*?tock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Chollar 43 100 Hale & Norcrs. 30
400 Chollar -44 50 Savage 33
400 Con Cal & Va..l 65
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Belcher 36! 200 Crown Point... 20
130 Best & Belcher. SO j 300 Gould & Curry. 23
1400 Chollar 4.' 300 Justice 08 '
200 Con Cal & V...1 65 100 Mexican 47
600 Con Cal & V.I 674 j 300 Ophir 1 1)
300 Con Imperial... 62 300 Yellow Jacket.. 27
800 Con Imperial... 01'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Sept. 16—12 m.
Bid. Ask Bid.Ask
Alpha 05 07 Justice — 09
Alta 05 06 Kentuck 03 05
Andes 13 14 Lady Wash 01 02
Belcher 85 35' Mexican 46 48
Best & Eelcher 49 50 ', Occidental 24 —
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 110 115
Caledonia 66 — (Overman 12 13
Chollar 44 43 1 Potosi 53 M
Challenge 31 Bava^e 29 30
Confidence 70 75:Pcorplon 03 —
Con Cal & Va..l 65 170 Se* Belcher.... 03 C 4
Con Imperial... 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 77 78
Crown Point... 20 21 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 02 1 Syndicate — 07
Eureka Con ... — 50 Standard 2552 90
Exchequer — 03 :St Louis — 10
Gould & Curry. 27 28 Union Con .... 42 43
Hale & Norcrss 30 3l!Utah 13 14
Julia — 03 Yellow Jacket.. 27 2S
MIXING STOCKS.
Following are the highest prices for the past
week:
Why Jonah Was So Strong.
Sunday-school teacher— Who was the
wisest man. Johnny?
"Solomon."
"That"? right. Now, Willie, who was
the strongest man?"
"Jonah."
"Wrong, but what reason have you for
believing Jonah was the strongest man?"
" 'Cause the whale couldn't hold him
after It got him down."— Denver Time?,
Time Ball.
Branch Hydregraphtc Offlc«, V. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
September 16, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 110 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. O. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. t\ S. N.. in chare*
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coait and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of H!fh and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Franclßco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— Th« high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
AUCTION SALES.
DAVIS, BELAII & CO,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants, 115-117
Bush Street.
ON MONDAY - - - September 18, 1889,
At 11 o'clock a. m.. on the premises,
2511 PACIFIC AVENUE,
We will sell, by order of MR. JOSEPH EHR-
MAN, on account of departure for Europe,
ALL THE ELEGANT AND COSTLY PAR-
LOR, LIBRARY. DINING-ROOM AND
CHAMBER FURNITURE. Moqur-Ue. Wilton
and Body Brussels Carpets, Couches, Chairs,
Rockers. Tables. Sideboard. Paintings. En-
graving's, Works of Art, Ornaments. Glass-
ware, Crockery, Kitchen Utensils. Fine Up-
right Piano, etc., contained In above residence,
to be sold peremptorily, without reserve.
DAVIS. BE LAC & •'■ ' . Auctioneers.
STEEL!
cnn A tons scrap steel wanted
W"vU for export. BURNSTINE BROS.,
534-53S Brannan St., S. F.
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17.
Sun rises 6:53
Sun sets 6:14
Moon sets 3:30 a. m.
NOTE — the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
th» day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or ri^ht hand column gives the
'art tile of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
ptven are In addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
• ARRIVKD.
Saturday. September 11.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson. SO hours from New
port (St. etc.
Stmr Aberdeen. Peterson, 3S hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 16 hours from Fort
Bra sir.
Btmr Tlllamook, Anflndsen. 15 hours from
Albion.
Ship Invincible. Mackenzie. 29 day« from
Bristol Bay.
CLEARED.
Saturday, September 16.
Stmr Pomona, Shea. Eureka; Qoodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Orizaba, Nicolson, San Pedro; G006a.11.
Perkins & Co.
>;mr Bertha, Thomas, St Michael, via Un
ala<<ka; Alaska Commercial Co.
Haw stmr Aztec, Trask, Manila, via Hono
lulu; U S Government.
Br Ptrar Belgian Kin?. Weiss; Manila, via
Honolulu; U S Government.
Bark C D Bryant, Colly, Nanaimo; Williams,
Dlraond & Co.
Br bark Invercoe, Lewis, Liverpool; Balfour,
Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, September 14.
Ptmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Aberdeen, Peterson, — -.
Strr.r \Vhitei>bor<\ Olsen, — .
Stmr Bertha, Thomas, St Michael, via Un
' Stmr Homer. Hlsrlns, St Michael, via Un
ala«ka. ■ * •
Btmr Alice Blanchard. Hacl. Coos Bay. . - :
Br stmr Belgian King, Weiss, Manila, via
Honolulu.
Fr bark Jacques. Genadac. Queenstown. . .
Schr H C Wrijht, Olsen. Kahului.
Schr Berwick. Ostlln. Coqutlle River.
Schr San Buenaventura, Langkllde, Orays
Harbor.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, Bowens Land
ins.
Schr J Epplnger, Colstrup, Shelter Cove.
Schr Fortuna. Lubers:, Eureka.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Sept 16— Jap stmr America Mara,
from Yokohama for Ban Francisco, put back
to Yokohama with bunker coal on fire.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Sept 15, 10 d Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 12 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, hence Sept 15; stmr Coqutlle River, from
Hueneme.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 15, at 9 p Stmr
Empire, hence Sect 12.
VICTORIA— Arrived Sept 16— Schr Volunteer,
from Hakodate.
ST MICHAEL— SaiIed Aui 26— Bark Agate,
for Port Townsend. Auk 25 — Schr Charles Han
son, for Port Townsend.
In DOrt Scot I— Schr Hera, for Cape Nome;
Bchr Nellie Colman, for Cape Nome.
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Sept 16— Schr Newark,
for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 16— Schr Norma,
for San Francisco; stmr Sunol, for San Fran-
FORT ROSS— Sailed Sept Schr Mary C,
for San Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept Bark Harvester,
from Honolulu.
Sailed Sept 15— Stmr Aloha, for Cape Nome.
Sept 15— Stmr Miami, for San Francisco. Sept
16— Ship Spartan, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR — Sailed B<-vt Schr
Guide-, for San Francisco. Sept 16— Stmr Na
tional City and itchr Ida Schnauer. for San
Francisco; stmr Newburg, for San Pedro; schr
Glen, for Santa Barbara; Br tug Pilot. wit»
barge Colorado in tow, for Xanaimo.
USAL— Sailed Sept 15-Etmr Rival, for San
Pedro. . _ .
Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Xavarro, hence Sept
POINT ARENA— Arrived Sept 16— Schr Alice
Klmball. hence Sept 12. _ .
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Sept 16— Schr
Barbara Hernster. for San Francisco; schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Sept 15— Br ship Glen
esslin. from Oregon.
PANAMA— Arrived Aug 31— Stmr San Bias,
hence Aue S.
Sailed Aug 30 — Stmr Colon, for San Fran
'qL'EENSTOWX— Arrived Best 15— Ital ship
Caterlna Accamf, hence May 6.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 16— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, from New York, via Cherbourg and
Southampton. : ,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Cevic,
from New York. Sept 16— Stmr Campania, from
New York.
NEW YORK — Arrived Sept 16 — Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton.
. Sailed Sept 16— Stmr TMngvalla, for Copen
hagen, etc.
HONGKONG— Arrived previously Sept I*—
Stmr Hongkong Mam, from San Franc is
1920
FRATERNAL NEWS.
The Odd Fellows.
Next Tuesday evening Unity Lodge No.
131 will tender a reception to Past Grand
E H. Black, who recently returned from
Alaska. There will i><* addresses by Mr.
Black and others, and on that evening
Grand Master W. H. Harm-s will de
liver an address on the principles and
progress i I owship. This will be
Pn the lodgeroom at Sixteenth and Valen
cia streets, and after the close ol the
lodge there will be a banquet.
The lodge at Niles lias during the cur
rent term initiated lifteen candidates.
haat night the San Jose degree team vis
it, d the lodge and conferred the degrees
on nine candidates. _„♦
Arrangements have been made to meet
the . xc<i ■ ■ v eying the Odd i el
lows of the Home in Thermalito to this
md back, so that they may take part
i n the grai • parade next month.
A new 1< dge was instituted at westmin
g ( County, on the 6th. inst. by
•■ r Bonj tike. __
I kali ixidge last \\ednes
a r< ception to Mrs. Davis
and Mrs. Badley, past presidents of the
tblj >■' Idaho; also to Rebekah sol
s' xt Wednesday this lodge will
I a poverty party in it? lodperoom.
A new Rebekah Lodge will noon be insti
tuted in Westminster, Orange County.
a Rebekah Lodge will give a
rial in Welcome Hall next Sat
i]ri:.;< • The committee In charge
of Sarah Harris. Belle
.Margaret Reed and Pauline
Harris.
Bay City's Reception.
The reception that was tendered last
Tuesday night by Bay City Lodge No. 71,
i. O. O. F., to soldier members of the
lorder who have returned from the Phil
ippines was one of the grandest fraternal
Idlers that has taken place
[Within the order. The reception was held
ijn Memorial Hall in the Odd Fellows'
jbuikiinK, v.iiich was profusely decorated
rvwth American flags and tri-colored bunt-
Sr.g. There were present as guest* of
jthe lodge 125 soldiers who are Odd Fel
lows, and they represented the California,
(Colorado, Idaho, Minnesota, South Da
kota and Wyoming volunteers. A. Stei
tnex, treasurer of the lodge, acted v.» ma-s
--*er of ceremonies and utio J. wise, on be-
Jhalf of the lodjje, *,\ tended a fiaternal
'■welcome to the soldiers and to the visit
ling numbers of the order, in which was
Included Harmony .Lodge No. 2, which
tame in a body. Conspicuous among
[those present were Lieutenant D. L. l'.ad
jey of the First Idaho, past grand m;ts
jttsr of Idaho and past grand representa
tive, who respondea to the address of wel
come—a most eloquent one. He thanked
Diay City Lodge for the many acts of
Ifindr.ess it had shown to the ( i,id Fellow
*< 'idlers before leaving for the Philippines
»nd since. He dwelt upon the grand fra
ternal feeling manifested by all the Odd
ws of San Francisco for those of the
•order who had gone to the front. He re
ierred to the numerous meetings hold by
'the association formed in this city, at
Camp Merritt fiiu-en months ago, and
perpetuated on the island of Luzon. In
eloquent language he paid tribute to the
.memories of those members of the order
ivho had given up life in the maintaining
(of the honor of th< liacr anil country. !!■■
tthen presented to the lodge a silver medal
JBdopted by the Idaho Odd Fellows' As
sociation as a reminder of their stay on
the island, with the request that it be
rworn by earh succeeding noble grand dur-
Incc his term of office.
Pnst Grand Master of the State of Ne
vada G.-'.rpo H. Morrison delivered a
Bhort address replete with reminiscences
of the past. Past Grand Master M
JI. Kst*»e and Past Grand Master Davis
Louderback delivered interesting i-.-itri
otlc addresses. Past Grand Master
Barnes delivered one of those elo
quent, stirring talks on Odd Fellow
ship for which be la famous, and
dropped Into poetry as easily as did Silas
Wegg of old. The Rev. W. D. Stephen-
Fnn, chaplain of the First Idahos, told
fume excellent stories of the Philippines,
find then presented the lodp>- a gavel
made from a garrotlng machine that for
centuries was used in the Philippines.
Addresses were also made by Grand Sec
retary Shaw and Past Grand Master J. 11.
Flmpson. A letter of regret was read
from Past Grand Master W. W. Morrow.
I'nited States Circuit Judge, at Inability
to be present, being in Seattle. Aftt-r the
meeting all present were treated to a fine
collation.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Last Tuesday night Liberty Lodge had
ct glorious time at Ocean View. There
were present a great many of the people
cf that section of the city. Walter M;il
|oy of Golden Gate Lodge was In charge,
«tnd he made a first-class master of
monies. Past Grand Master Workman
"William Henry Barnes delivered the ad
iflrees of the evening, and there were also
short address?s by E. F. Joy, P. G. M.
yf., and District Deputy McKnight; hu
jmorous songs by Grand Receiver Booth,
and vocal solos by Mrs. Walter Molloy,
Wlss Schaen and F. O. Crowell, past
Snaster of Golden Gate Lodge. The sing
ing of Mrs. Molloy, who has a splendid
•voice, was greatly appreciated. A dance
■followed the programme. Grand Recorder
"Poland anil Mrs. K. M. Poland, grand re
corder of the Degree of Honor, were pres
ient.
Valley Lodge will give a grand enter
tainment and ball in Union Square Hall
£>n the night of Thursday next. ThJs will
|be under the auspices of Valley Social
ifclub, and a very enjoyable evening is
(promised to every one. This will be an
ippen meeting to all friends of the mem
bers of the lodge.
Pacific Lodge will hold an open meeting 1
«.t Oakland on the night of the 21st.
Deputy Hargraves has revived the lodge
»t Truckee, which for some time past has
'Jueon quite sleepy.
The extension committee of Alameda
|County has been doing good work, and set
an example which it would be well for all
jother districts to follow. On the loth of
(next month It will hold a meeting, at
tfwhlch there will be present delegates
jjrom all the lodges of the county.
Degree of Honor.
The new constitution of the Grand
pl^odge of California is being Indexed and
[•■will be ready for distribution in a short
[*lme.
[ On Wednesday next the entertainment
(committee of Ivy Lodge will give a grand
[Cakewalk in the lodgeroom. It will be
lon a grander scale than any previously
Ijlven by this very enterprising lodge.
Native Sons.
National Parlor No. 118, Native Sona of
Hthe Golden West, tendered a reception and
'banquet Tuesday at a leading restaurant
.to the following members of the parlor:
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Boxton, Major
'Charles L. Tilden, Captain Otto F. Huber,
[Company 1; First Lieutenant Charles E.
Thompson, Company G; First Lieutenant
Herman Huber, battalion adjutant; Sec
ond Lieutenant W. N. Bwasey, Company
O; First Sergeant P. J. Neumann Com
pany G; Drum Major J. H. C. yon Stad.-n,
fcergeent Frank L. MeNally, Company G;
Private W. L. Hageman, Company G.
First Regiment California Volunteers:
Private Harry Harper, Battery A, Cali
fornia Heavy Artillery; Corporal Nicholas
Madßen, Company G, Eighth Regiment
California Volunteers: Second Lieutenant
lCd Schnutenhaus Jr., Fourteenth In
fan try. United State* army.
There were 125 present, who discussed
c. very' palatable menu, after which Presi
dent *A. X- Vaughn delivered an address
of welcome, and Past President John T.
Ijispaux called for responses to toasts
a« follows: "Native Sons of the Golden
West." L. F. Byington; "The Volunteers
of 1898." Major C. L. Tilden; "The State
of California," Grand Trustee Barr.eu;
"The Native Daughters," Grand Secre
tary Lunstedt; "The Old Guard," Lieu
tenant C. L. Thompson; "The Ladies,"
Henry Kauft.
Golden Gate Parlor No. 29 has on its
roll of members Major John F. Connolly,
Sergeant p, v. Clealand, Corporal A. F.
Ludemann of the First California, and
Qeorge W. Hollister. W. T. Pidwell, Gus
tav Koht, E. Harwood, A. Bigelow, E. In
gram, T. Ingram, W. T. Moran, J. Foley,
J. J. Harrington and J. J. Miley of the
First California Volunteers regimental
band, and so proud is the parlor of these
soldiers that on last Tuesday it tendered
them a banquet In the banquet hall of the
Native Sons' building to show thelrappre
clation of their services in the Philippines.
The hail for the occasion was turned
Into a bower of flags. Old Glory
mid the Bear flag- predominating. There
were present as special guests the follow
ing officers of the California Volunteers:
Colonel Duboce, Major Cunningham, Cap
tains Filmer, Eggert and Robertson, Lieu
tenants Kamm, Rivers, Fred Brown,
Golly, O'Brien, Howard and Moore and
tv-i^-ant Lieb. The guests were wel
comed in a short, appropriate speech by
Fred Suhr Jr., president of the parlor,
and after full Justice had been done to
the good things on the table Adol^ii iirDer-,
hart, the toastmaster, inaugurated an
interesting programme by calling on
Past Grand President Henry C. Gesford
to respond to "The Native Sons of the
Golden West"; Colonel Duboce responded
to the "Volunteer Army"; the band,
which on the islands pained the name of
"the fighting hand," played patriotic airs
as it did down in Filipino land; the Duffy
brothers sang a duet; Major Conolly, who
was called by Colonel Duboce "Honest
John," said a few words expressing his
appreciation of the reception; J. Sanborn
gave a recitation; D. A. Ryan, D. D. G.
P.. responded eloquently to "Our Coun
try"; Lewis F. Hyington to "California,"
and then there were songs, instrumental
music and responses to impromptu toasts.
The Native Daughters.
Golden State Parlor No. 50 had a large
number of its members at the celebration
of Admission day at Santa Cruz on the
Pth inst. Golden State is always at the
front.
The new parlor at Santa Paula was in
stituted last week by Mrs. Cora B. Sif
ford. grand president.
Darfna Parlor, the baby parlor of San
Francisco, is increasing in membership
and Is reported as having a very fine class
ol members.
Sans Souci Parlor has of late been add-
Ing to its membership by initiation.
Fremont Parlor No. 59 is making ar
rangements for a social hop to be given
In the main hall of the Native Sons' build
ing on the night of the sth of October.
i in the night of Admission day Joaquin
Parlor of Stockton tendered a reception
to pioneer fathers and mothers and then
f' [lowed a programme of entertainment
and a banquet. The ladies of the parlor
were assisted in this by the members of
Stockton Parlor of the Native Sons.
There was a guessing contest as to the
weight of a gold nugget, for which prizes
were awarded to the one who made the
i 1 puess and to the one who made
the second best guess. The old folks
who were the guests of the parlor ex
pressed themselves as delighted with the
attention they received.
Among the late arrival? at the Native
Daughters' Home are: Miss Jennie Davis
- cramento, Miss O. P. Foster of Ven
tura and Miss Florence Carr of Sutter
Creek.
Court Yerba Buena, I. 0. F.
The entertainment given last Monday ;
night in Shiels building by Court Yerba
Buena Xo. 913 of the Independent Order
of Foresters was in honor of the court's ]
returned volunteer soldiers, E. Cunning- |
ham, B. GraJiam, John Koschmitzki and :
F. A. Jackson. It was well attended and
was in every way a success, due to the I
efforts of Recording Secretary Avery,
Treasurer Petroschka, Financial Secretary
Fitzgerald and Court Physician Beck, the
latter acting as master of ceremonies.
The programme included a series of in
teresting views of Manila and surround
ings thrown on a Bcreen by Dr. Eisner.
Tii. se were very much appreciated. Miss
Petroscbka recited in a very entertaining i
manner a war time piece. High Vice
Chief Ranger Charles S. Peery delivered |
an address on the advantages of being a \
member of the order. Then there were
instrumental selections on banjo and ,
violin by Messrs. Bier and Donnovan;
vocal solo, Mrs. Mathias, accompanied by
Mrs. Gabriel; cornet solo, Edward
Landers, William Cellarius accompanist;
address by Deputy Supreme Chief Ranger !
]■".. Mack "and a recitation of a patriotic
character by Mrs. Jennie Reid. Dancing!
followed until midnight, and during the
evening there was served a bountiful
collation and light refreshments. This |
was one of the most enjoyable functions
given by this court.
Companion Court, I. 0. F.
The. Supreme Court'of the Indepondent
Order ot Foresters recently passed a law
authorizing the establishment of com
panion courts, to lie composed of ladies
exclusively, with the proviso that mem
bers of courts of male members he
eligible to honorary membership. As
yet no court in San Francisco has estab
i such a companion court. .L...-U
lay night court Xerba Buena No.
913 took a step in that direction on
motion of W. I. Avery, recording secre
tary. He spoke of the Bdvantagea that
will follow the establishment of
Mii-h a companion court, ar.d
1 that he had a list of
estimable ladies who will join one of the
new courts. H..- was, by a unanimous
vote, instructed to communicate with the
supreme chief nui^'-r to obtain an ap
pointment as supreme deputy organizer
to enable him to proceed with the organi
sation ut a companion court to Court
i'erba Huena. Jt is a new departure in
this order, but judging from like action
in other orders it is one that will re
dound to the benefit of all courts that
follow the lead of Court Yerba Buena.
Knights of Honor.
Yerba Buena Lodge has arranged to
have a smoker on the night of the 18th
lnst. in the Alcazar building, and the com
mittee In charge declares that it will ex
ceed anything in that line ever undertaken
In this city.
Saxon Lodge initiated three candidates
at its meeting on last Tuesday night.
Reports upon special blanks Bent out
to the different lodges of the jurisdiction I
show that there has not been any notice
able falling off of members since the
change In the rate of assessments, and j
that the loss during August, the first
month that the new rates went into opera- j
tlon, there was no decrease greater than |
is usual the year round. In some of the
lodges there was an Increase. This is an
evidence that the membership ajjproves
the change made by the supreme body.
The report of the supreme recorder !
shows that during August the number of I
deaths in the order was 17'j, of which nine j
died In California.
Far West I.#odge was consolidated with
Fidelity Lodge last Friday night by the j
grand "officers.
Supreme Dictator John P. Shannon of .
Elberton, Ga., and Supreme Secretary B.
F. Nelson of St. Louis, Mo., will visit
this city some time in December next. It I
will be their first visit to this coast. Dur
ing their stay they will visit the lodges :
and they will be given a reception by the |
local lodges.
Foresters of America.
A new court of the order was instituted
on the Sth inst. at El Dorado by Grand
Secretary John J. Cordy, assisted by Dep
uty Grand Chief Ranger J. 11. Skinner of
Placerville, the organizer of the court, and
members of Court Confidence of Placer
ville. The new court starts out with a
good charter roll. The officers were in
stalled by Past Chief Ranger Jacob Label
of San Francisco, assisted by Past Chief
Ranger E. Anderson of Placerville. The
ceremonies of the evening were followed
by a banquet and no limit to speech mak
ing.
(.) J. Day and J. A. Samuels of Junior
Court Pride of the Golden West, assisted
by 1. O. Kasser of Court Bay City and
I. Levy of Court Hayes Valley, have or
ganized a new junior court which will be
known as Junior Court Pride of the
Pacific, No. 4. It will soon be instituted.
Court Bay City last week gave a smoker
in Its hall In the Alcazar. Last week
there was a large attendance, and under
the direction of Julius Caiman, sire of
the event, there was given an interest
ing programme of music, song and liter
ary numbers. In the presentation of the
numbers and a first-class collation he was
assisted by L. Aaron. Some of the fea
tures of the evening were an exhibition
of mind reading by Professor Topping,
an address by I. O. Kasser, and musical
selections by Kreiger's Band.
Companions of the F. of A.
lynst Monday night Bay City Circle of
the Companions of the. Forest of Amer- !
tea. which of late has been advancing in
a remarkable degree, applications for ad
mission to membership being frequent,
had a most interesting meeting, which
was well attended. There were a number
of addresses for the good of the order
and the circle, and these, did much to
encourage the membership in the work.
On the evening of the 27th inst. this cir
cle will give another of its Cakewalk and I
dance parties, which will no doubt be a
great success, as was the one previously
given. It will be under the supervision
of the amiable recording secretary B
Marks, who will be assisted by the circle's
deputy, R. Rnpenberg of Loyal Circle
Oakland. There will be a good time for
all who attend.
Woodmen of the World.
At the camp session of Golden Gate
Camp No. 64 of the Woodmen of the
World, held last Monday night, Thomas
Rosenbaum, D. K. "Watklns, Grattan D.
Phillips, Samuel C. Long, John J. Flan
agan, Timothy Sullivan, Newell Parker,
W. H. Yale and J. C. Weymouth were ad
mitted into the order by initiation. Mr.
Long was Initiated for Manzanita Camp
No. 161 of Fresno, the others for the sit
ting camp. Tlie work was by the degree
THE SA!NF FRAKCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1899.
Hales.
HAT— Soft draped turban,
designed by Marescot
Soeurs, Paris, a chic affair,
in new fall shades of gray,
national blue and tans,
wing trimming; price... $O
NECKWEAR— Purple silk
stock, fancy bow, Persian
ribbon, chiffon ruching.
trimmed with narrow
black velvet ribbon $4 |
corsets
corset comfort means a good deal; corset-
makers have ever striven to produce it; in "kid
fitting" corsets comfort has been attained. We
take extra care that the proper size and shape is
secured.
Hale's $1 00 kid fitting corset on new French
model is the most popular corset this season;
adapted to the average figure; a perfect fit
guaranteed or no sale; made o-f fine Scateen
throughout, in black, white, drab, pink and blue;
nicely trimmed top and bottom with English
lace and drawing ribbon; 4-hook clasp; 2 side
steels $1.00
a new corset is our Hale's French model
gored "kid fitting"- inserted gort3 produce a
close fitting effect that cannot be obtained In
any other corset; fine sateen, in black and drab;
4-hook clasp; sizes 18 to 30. $1.50
240 ladies' kid fitting corsets; French sateen;
2 side steels on each side; heavily boned; long
waist, with 5-hook clasp; edged with silk em-
broidery, sizes 18 to- 26; a perfect fitting $1 00
corset that we have in black only; to close them
out we make the price 55c
ready-to-wear
new taffeta silk and satin waists. In black
and the latest fall colorings; finely tucked front
and back, with fitted lining $<J.OO
new kersey cloth tan jackets; 6-button front;
coat sleeves, strapped seams; taffeta silk lined
throughout $1 0.00
we have the very newest styles of golf canes,
just came in, with hrrods and stitched yokes;
strap trimming; they are priced to be popular,
#5.00 to $25.00
new ladies' underskirts, in silk, mohair,
mercerized and sateen —
fine taffeta silk.ss.OO t0.527.50
mohair. $».OO to «.OO
mercerized. $2.50 to 5.00
sateen, $1.00 to 3.50
men's wear
men's flannelette night shirts: full cut and
well made; good quality flannolotte in all sizes
from 14% to ISVs; regular 50c quality for
39c each
men's black and natural gray cashmere sox; they are a f^Tf /MS?/ / fW^7 Clln/ i ni> « 0 ,,5«A0
poo.l article, worth every cent of 25c, but we have them in f^|V fM&f/ _^/Mff/ /JSP/ s~\ OUHUI y llljU;^
.sizes 91-2 and 10 only, so the price is 16c pair V@£to^f£££^s^i/ fw/ s^SF^. *?#) s^*^^? so many household helps in the bazaar, so many things
Z^^s~Bfafi /Sea/ /m£E—**S (flSl^^v to aii '' l " 1h ° comfort of housekeeping for a few cents:
toweling /&§&/ /&&/ /^^w/< /MfLs£> iWMCsZrr _-JpSPWh Japanned tin dust pans Sc each
50 pcs. linen crash toweling; 7 In. wide; heavy quality; /ii»/ //SB/ (*&*#&&' <^*^y*9£o^ K^gis=&^£ / Hunter's best quality flour bristles'," wi'th'handie'.'. 10c each
50 pcs. linen crash toweling; 7 in. -wide; heavy quality; /Off/ /MBi ' " _^-—^" large size stove brush, good bristles, with handle.. lOc each
good absorbent lOc yard /£&&// * _T~ ~^^r hardwood chopping bowl, 13 inches in diameter. 15c each
/MB*l S^^hgrkKn^ J^SlsTbiTh^ tin soup strainers 15c each
*lnnnplftte« • ''^^MttßaaT^ MJXJKjU^:*^^ granite steel wash basins 9c each
IIdIIUCIWIIWO tatl^^m^m^am^i^m^^^^^^ marbleized alarm — good time-keepers and sure to
100 pcs. cashmere flannelette; stripes and figures on dark Q __ QQ _ QQQ Q .. QAQ qacl Q .- iur__i_-j. c.. oot wake you at the right time; every one guaranteed.'. ..SI. OO
grounds; pretty patterns 10c yard 1 »«50-yo i i'l-»'*«s-»'*O-»4</ marKßl aireei. child's mug; plated; satin finished and engraved.. 3sc each
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
<«> Free Baptist. Bush street, near Larkln—
<$> Rev. A. Brandt.
,;> _
%, Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
..?> Stelner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
f ;
X Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street— Rev.
'!> J. George Gibson.
X St Mary's (Paulist Fathers). Dupont and
<$> California streets— Rev. Father Wyman.
<$> ■ _
*. ■ — — T
■I, St Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue ana
%> O'Farrell street— Rev. Father Prender
<?> gast. V. G. ■
a, — — ' —
>!' St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
«s> street— Jesuit Fathers.
<J> •
<?> _
4 Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
<|> avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
Z> Coombe.
S_
<S>
<S> Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
<s> streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
ty Third Congregational. Fifteenth street, near
'4 Mission— Rev. William Rader.
X First* Congregational, Post and • Mason
<$> streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
% St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
4> street— Rev. D. Clayborn Garrett, rector.
% Church of the Advent (Episcopal), Eleventh
<£ street, near Market— Rev. Herbert Parish.
% German Evangelical Emmanuel, corner
<|> Twelfth and Stevenson streets— F.
<*> W. Fischer. .
% First English Lutheran, 1319 Geary street—
<§> • Rev. Dr. E. Nelander.
%> First Christian, Twelfth street, near Mls
<£ Blon— Rev. F. S. Ford.
■•• ' : ;
% A. M. E. ZJlon, 805 Stockton street— Rev.
&> T. Brown.
<£> _ .
% Central M. E.. Mission street, near Sixth—
1 4 Rev. S. D. Hutslnplller.
% First M. E . Powell street, near Washing
-4> ton— W. S. Urmy.
% Howard M. E., between Second and Third—
■i> Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
♦ . :
X Simpson Memorial, corner Hayes and
! «£> Buchanan streets— Rev. John Stephens.
team of the camp In the amp in«->d form,
the members of the team being attired
in the neat and attractive uniform and
robes that have beeij adopted for the
conferring of the degree In tl>is form.
The ceremony was a model of perfec
tion and impressiveness and was product
ive of a most favorable impression on the
initiates and on many of the members,
who had never witnessed the work in that
form A A. Graupner, captain of the
team' is entitled to a great deal of credit
for having in a short space of time
brought his team to such a degree of per
fection. During the evening there was
an Interesting event— the presentation of
lewels to the past consul commanders of
the camp, J. L. Geary Jr., Richard Fa
ncy George H. Willson, M. T. Moses, J.
W. Staneart and A. J. "Weinert.
Last Sunday the relief board of the
Woodmen of the World for San Francisco
was instituted and the following named
are the officers for the first term: H. B.
Mapgs Flood building, president: Ell
Gordon. 18 Market street, vice president;
M B Estes. M. D., 209 Turk street, sec
retary; W r . T. Kenney, 110 Battery street,
treasurer. The object of the board Is to
relieve guch of its members as may be
in distress, to attend the funeral of mem
bers of the order and in various ways as
sist'its members.
The Beetle and "Wedge, edited by Dr. M.
B Estes, has entered upon Its second vol
ume, enlarged and each succeeding num
ber Is more interesting to members of the
order, for It Is newsy and well edited.
Court Star of the West, A. O. F.
Last week Court Star of the West, An
cient Order of Foresters, gave a reception
In Its hall In the Foresters' building to
four of its five soldier members, the fifth
being still at Manila. The reception,
Hales.
peekw^a.r^^eK
we're putting our energies into neckdress and veilings this week, we im-
ported in extraordinarily large quantities the fall styles you want, we've given
up plenty of windows and counters and cases for display, we've priced them rightly — you've learned to know
what that means. A
A
*fr neckwear
sS /v / taffeta silk stock and bow.
S^ £■£' with long ends; trimmed
(Tg^^-^Rr with oriental insertion
4 zZ~r-~^~ a s* #1.00 each
\^*Tr—^?f/ taffeta silk butterfly bows,
\& - P' with long ends and black i
\\^J! Jace edging $1.25 each j
taffeta flare 'back stock,
rT\*&j[i}$ :j > tt\ * tn DOW an( * streamers;
/ }fi£jVfc.rs' £~J i trimmed with point de venlse
; Af'rt"/v^fX ace ..#1.50-each
yellow taffeta silk stock; [
' *" li '-"4 "H^» bow silk plaid ribbon; imita- i
V l >^-ips 011 duchesse lace; chiffon ;
'■'■. . .' edge $3.00 each I
our millinery opening has been one long week of pleasant sur-
prises; besides the elaborate pattern hats we are showing we have an excel-
lent line of trimmed hats at popular prices; trimmed in the latest styles mak-
ing really artistic and attractive hats, from 94. 00 to 910.06 each
our line of golf and walking hats is an extensive one, the most popular
being our golf hats, with white silk scarf and eagle quill, at 91.25*
children's trimmed hats are a feature this fall; we have labored to bring
the quality up to a high standard and the price down to meet the popular
wants, ranging from. 91.50 to 97.00 each
bring your own materials and have them made up as you wish; hats will be
made over by competent milliners to suit your ideas and at very low prices.
veilings
black tuxedo and Russian net, with chenille
dots. 25c. 35c, 50c and 75c a yard
black brussels net, with chenille dots, 25c.
35c, 500 and 75c a yard
plain chiffon veiling in all the leading shades,
40c and sOc a yard
chenille dotted chiffon veiling.. . .50c a yard
white net with black chenille dots. 25c and
sOe a yard
new blue veiling in plain and dotted nets, 35c !
and t»sc a yard I
pattern veils, with borders, 35c, 50c 75c each
black ohantilly veiling. IS inches wide, with
self-embroidered border and spots, 40c, 50c, 6F>c
and 75c a yard
black tuxedo and Russian mesh, with che-
nille dotted border, 35c, 50c and 75c a yard
Morning— "Christ's Address to the Thirty."
Evening— "The Effects of Grace."
Morning — "The World's Debt to the Jew."
Evening— Unite with the First Baptist
Church.
Morning— "G'~d"s Lnve In Christ" Even
ing—"lf Thou Wilt."
Morning— Rev. J. M. Cleary will preach at
11 o'clock mass. Evening — Rev. Father
Wyman will preach after vespers.
Mcrnlng— Sermon by one of the Fathers at
10:30 mass. Evening— Vespers and ser
mon.
Morning— Rev. Father Chlappa will preach
at 10:30 mass. Evening — Rev. Father
Friedi-n will preach after vespers.
Morning— Musical services. Evening—Ad
dresses by volunteers of the Thirteenth
Minnesota— William C. Fitch, A. M.
Nicoll, V. E. Kchacht, Frnnk Beason,
Frank Pease and James Hartly.
Mornintr— "Paternal Government." Even
ing—"Lights and Shadows."
Morning— "The Liberty of Truth." Even
ing—"Pontius Pilate and Dreyfus."
Morning— Rev. E. H. Llhbey of Chicago
will preach. Evening— Same.
Morning— Prayer and sermon at 11. Even
ing — Sermon.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same.
Morning— "Beginning and Perfection of
Christian Life." Evening— Sermon by the
pastor.
Morning— "The Pearl of Parables." Even-
Ing— "The Genealogy of Jesus."
Morning— Dr. U. Gregory will occupy the
pulpit. Evening— Dr. Ford will speak on
"Stand Still," "Go Forward."
Mcrnlng— "The Name of Jesus Above Every
Name." Evening— "A New Heaven and
a New Earth."
Morning— Preaching service. Evening-
Same.
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even
ing — Same.
Morning— Rev. C. E. Rich will preach.
Evening— Preaching by Rev. Harry C.
Richardson, A.M., assistant pastor.
Morning— Preaching by Chaplain Cressey of
the Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteers.
Evening— Rev. Dr. McCllsh will preach.
which was presided over by George Nis
bet, chairman of the social committee,
consisted of an address of welcome and
the presentation to the four who were
present of a fine medal each in recogni
tion of the court's appreciation of their
services to the country, and a programme
of music and song, "supplemented with
refreshments and cigars. Those
who were honored by the court are: Cor
poral J. C. Grcnninger of Company I,
First California Volunteers. Corporal J.
C. Atwood of Company X, Private C. Nel
son of Company A and O. Landuci of
Company D. A medal similar to the ones
presented will be forwarded, with the
court's good wishes, to J. F. Finley, the
soldier member who is still In the Philip
pines.
Companions of the Forest.
Loyal Circle on the occasion of occupy
ing its new hall In the Shiels building had
an attendance of about fifty members and
visitors from Mazzinl, Artimas and
Franklin circles. After the business of
the evening was over there was an enjoy
able banquet. To-morrow night this cir
cle will give a social In the social hall of
the Shiels building.
Miss Vira McNorton, supreme grand
right guide, has gone to Pittsburg, Pa.,
to visit relatives.
Last week the supreme grand chief com
panion, Mrs. Falconer, paid visits to
Franklin and Eureka circles.
Last Tuesday Mrs. M. E. Falconer, su
preme grand chief companion, accompa
nied by John Falconer, P. S. G. C. C;
Mrs. L. G. Miller, supreme grand left
guide, and Mrs. E. Roberts and Mrs. M.
Peterson of Piedmont Circle, paid a visit
to Alba Circle In Vallejo and were re
ceived with a great fraternal welcome by
Hales.
neckwear
plaited mousseline de sole / Jm//$i
fichu, trimmed with three I^jf^'jl
rows of narrow satin ribbon, J^r£hJ~>'''??i
edged with chenille; a hand- /\~^^ /^' l lt
some piece of neckwear .... C^g^&S '&*
$7.50 each X*? $%
lavender taffeta silk stock; \T^^;
fancy bow with cream appli- fSsf\^
que and black chenille and ]UiW /v
chiffon niching.. s7. sO each (Wi I
white mulle empire scarfs, Jr \ \
lace braid ends.. sl.9O each /&j^! \
mousseline de sole scarfs, wSsleJk
with renaissance lace ends.. Vj«Cfc^
*1.2r», $1.50, #2.00 and VT^^-
Scotch plaids
plaids are popular — warm colors and large
designs for golf capes and dress material.
heavy double-face golf plaids; solid colors on
one side, plaid on the other; in blues, browns,
greens and black; the material for golf cape 3;
56 inches wide 93. 00 yard
cheviot plaids for skirts; a soft, rich cloth in
all the new fall colors: 47 inches wide.sl.oO yd
boucle plaids; a rough finish, all-wool cloth,
large patterns; a swell material for skirts; 4«
Inches wide $1.i2."> yard
French foule plaids, soft finish material, es-
pecially suited for children's dresses; 44 inches
wide i^l.OO yard
fancy poplin plaids in bright colors; a fine
plaid to sell for so small a price; 40 inches wide
J>Oe a yard
Trinity M. E., corner Market. Sixteenth
and Noe streeets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood
ward.
Epworth M. E., corner Church and Twen
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Grace M. E., corner Twenty-first and Capp
street!— Rev. J. N. Beard.
Totrero M. E., Tennessee Btreet, near
Solano— Rev. S. M. Woodward.
Richmond M. E. , southwest corner Cali
fornia street and Fourth avenue — Rev. A.
E. Ulrlch.
California M. E., corner California and
Broderick Btreets— Rev. A. C. Bane.
Bethany, Bartlett street, near Twenty-fifth
—Rev. W. C. Pond.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth and
Railroad avenue— Rev. Herbert N. Bevier.
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third and
Capp streets — Rev. Alexander N. Carson.
Stewart Memorial U. P., Guerrero street,
near Twenty-third— Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Calvary Presbyterian, Powell and Geary
streets — Rev. John Hemphlll.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
First United Presbyterian, corner Golden
Gate avenue and Polk street— Rev. H. H.
Bell.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth and Capp
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
— Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minister emerltUß.
First Church of Christ. Scientist, 223 Sutter
street, between Kearny and Grant avenue
—The Bible and Science and Health, with
Key to the Scriptures.
New Jerusalem (Swedenborglan), 1626
O'Farrell street— Rev. D. V. Bowen.
Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ— 32o
Post street.
Y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis streets— H.
J. McCoy, secretary-
Theosophical Society— Odd Fellows' build
ing.
a large representation of the members of
the circle. At the close of the business
meeting there was an open meeting, and
a large number of friends of the members
were admitted, and there was a good pro
gramme of entertainment, under the di
rection of Mrs. Marion G. Perry, P. C. C.
At the close of this there was a first-class
supper and many congratulatory speeches.
The following morning the visitors
were escorted by Mrs. Perry to Mare Isl
and and were shown the many war ves
sels there.
Last Wednesday night California Circle
had a rag-time social, which was a very
enjoyable affair. Among those present
were the supreme grand chief companion,
Mrs. Beverson. P. S. G. C. C, Mrs. Cer
valli, P. S. G. S. C. C; Mrs. F. N. Mor
row, S. G. S., and members of Sherwood
Circle.
Now is the delightful time of the year
to visit the country. Take a trip on the
Ukiah excursion Sunday, September 24.
through Marin, Santa Rosa, Russian
River and Ukiah Valley. Every one guar
anteed a seat. Round trip $2. Leave
Tiburon fern' at 8:30 a. m. •
EASTERN STAB EVENTS.
Entertainments Given by Ivy and
Harmony Chapters in Golden
Gate Hall.
Last Tuesday night the members of Ivy
Chapter No. 27, Order of the Eastern
Star, enjoyed a most delightful evening
in the main hall of the Golden Gate Asy
lum on Sutter street and the enjoyment
was shared by members of other chapters
Hole's.
Morning— Preaching: by the pastor. Even- <$►
Ing— Sermon by Rev. Seneca Jones of <?>
Chlco. <§>
— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <»>
Ing — Same. <§>
<$►
Morning— Sermon r>y Rev. •E. McCllsh. <j>
Preaching by the pastor. <§>
<$>
Morning — Preaching by the pastor. Even- *>
Ing — Same. <J>
<tf
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <*>
Ing— Same. <$•
<s>
- — . . <j>
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <s>
Ing— Same. <&
<g>
Morning— "New Era In Home Missions." <♦>
Evening— Fifth lecture on "Pilgrim's <?>
Progress"— "Home Beautiful and Valley <J>
of Humiliation." <|>
. <$.
Morning— "The "Wedding at Cana." Even- <$>
Ing — "True Manhood." <$.
<§,
Morning— "Sanctlflcatlon of the Dally Life." <S>
Evening— "Queries by Which to Test Our <?>
Conduct." • . . . . <$>
<;>
Morning— Sermon by Rev. H. H. Bell. <*>
Evening— Sermon by the pastor, "A Noble <»>
Character." <$►
<»>
Morning— William Martin. M.A., of, <|>
Santa Rosa, will preach. Evening — Same. <j>
4>
<^
Mcrnlng— Preaching by the pastor. Even- <f>
ing Same. $>
_ <j>
Morning— Sermon by Rev. W. E. Dugan. <j>
Evening "Tour Possessions, Your Perils \*>
and Tour Possibilities." <*>
Morning — Sermon by E. F. Dinsmore of <|>
Santa Barbara: subject, "The Lawyer <$>
Thought of God." Evening— service. <$>
Morning— E. Bradford Leavltt, minis- <§>
ter of All Souls' Church at Washington, <«>
D. C, will preach. <^
. <f,
Morning— "Reality." <j>
<S>,
I
<f>
— . <§>
Morning— "Seek Ye First th» Kingdom of <$>
God." Evening — No service. <§.
Morning— Services at 1L Evening— Services <*>
at 7:45. •
Afternoon— Rev. J. J. Garver will speak on «$>
"The Christian; Success and Failure." <i>
; : <*>
Evening— P. Nellson will preach on <i>
"The Divine Man." . X
and friends of the Ivyites. The hall was
very tastefully decorated with the Ameri
can colors and for the entertainment of
the many who filled the hall there was a
programme of exceedingly delightful
numbers presented under the direction of
the committee of arrangements, consist
ing of Mrs. Lydia A. Steele. the worthy
matron; Dr. James M. Gassaway, the
worthy patron, and Mrs. Frances L. Bon
ineld, the associate matron, assisted by
the entertainment committee, Mrs Jennie
,* O £ ayes J (chairladv >> Nancy McNorton
and tlwood P. Morey. The several num
bers were: The Conradi troupe in inter
nat dances; mandolin solos by Sam
uel Adelstein; readings from late verse.
Leo Cooper: barytone solo, Harry Wood-
Brown; soprano solo, Miss Dorothy Good
sel ; lute solo S. Adelstein; Baby Ruth
Roland and little Maudie Sorenson in rag
time specialties; and coon songs. Herbert
JMy. After the programme there ws
(lancing until midnight. The' affair wan
well conducted and reflects much credit
on those who had charge of it.
On Thursday night in Golden Gate Hall
there was another great gathering of
members of the order and their many
rriencis to attend the entertainment given
oy Harmony Chapter No. 124. The pro
gramme, made up of many numbers, was
one . pat was highly commended by all
ana it included introductory remarks by
Judge Frank H. Kerrigan; vocal solo.
Miss Ethel W. Lazerous; recitation. Dr.
lnomas Hill; vocal selections, George
Kroger; recitation. Miss Mildred A.
Levy; selections by the Temple Masonic
quartet; selections. Miss Erma Lindsay;
bass solo, "The Clang of the Forge," L.
1 ft arsen : specialties, George Hammer
smith; and a tableau representing the
five polrta of the central star of the or
der by five young ladies of the chapter,
who made a very pretty living picture.
Hales.
Pill"
' vjf
p 3
HAT— hat of French
felt; roll of tucked velvet
on edge; full trimming of
shaded taffeta, edged with
shirred velvet, giving full
fluffy effect; latest neutral
tints .'. ■ $5
NECKWEAR— silk
stock, with liberty silk cas-
cade, edged with narrow
shirred ribbon #1.25
comfortable comforts
5 dozen comforters, three-quarter bed size;
dark covering; shoddy filled; regular 65c qual-
ity; to close them out they are on sale at
45c* each
10 bales full-size silkoline covered comfort-
ers; wool knotted; cotton filled; on sale at.......
. , #1.10 each
"new figured silkoline covered comforters;
white cotton filled; wool knotted for double bed
$1.50 each
'10 cases laminated cotton filled comfort-
ers; figured silkoiine covered; both sideis wool
knotted: large, full size #2.25 each
new eiderdown comforters; figured sateen
covered; light and. fluffy; stitched—
66x72 inches 55.00
72x72 inches #<J.OO
72x78 inches $7.50
blankets
500 pairs of wool medium gray blankets, with
fancy striped border; new goods, just from the
mills—
56x72 Inches #3. 00 pair
66x72 inches 54.50 pair
72x86 inches $«.OO pair
also about 100 sample pairs white and gray
blankets in a varied range of prices, all marked
at great reductions; some of the white blankets
show effects of handling.
ladies' underwear
ladies' ribbed union suits of Egyptian cotton,
with high nek, long sleeves and ankle length;
buttons half-way down the front; nicely finish-
ed; in sizes 4. 5 and 6 2J)c suit
ladies' plain knitted vests and pants; heavy
soft quality; half wool; natural gray color; sizes
32 to 4n sOc each
ladies' flannelette skirt?; good quality, with
muslin band and draw string; colors pink and
blue 25c each
children** nprom : good quality white
checked nainsook; yoke and armlets edged with
narrow lace; ages 5 to 12 years; price.. 25c each
cambric gowns
ladies' fine gowns; elaborate yoke of valen-
ciennes lace; cuffs and collar of same; satin
bow at neck; the regular price is $1.50: they are
now on sale at SI.OO each
1 The programme was followed by dances
This function was under the direction of
I Mrs. John Tonningsen, chairlady; Mrs.
I Annie Marie Johnson, worthy matron;
M. J. Savagp worthy patron; Mrs. George
J. Leibold, Mrs. Robert Carson, Mrs. Isa
dora Horton, John C. Kimball and Henry
Knust, who constituted the committee of
arrangements, assisted by the reception
committee, composed of Mrs. Emma Car
ter (chairlady), Mrs. C. A. Bauer, Mrs.
Edith May Bushnell. Mrs. Anna Ruth
Corn^hl, Mrs. F. Hartevicksen. Mrs. Eliso
i Iverson Jensen. Mrs. Henry Knust, Mrs.
J. W. Lewis, Mrs. Susan Lindsay, Mrs.
J. Mathuson, Mrs. Henrietta Albertine
! McLagan, Mrs. Sallie Hou^hton Millber
ry, Mrs. M. J. Savagre, Mrs. J. M. Wil-
I kins. Miss Lottie McLaughlin, Miss Min
j nic Stebbins, Edward Bryant, R. Curson,
j Thomas Frazer. George Jacob Leibold
j and Captain George Wittman. Dr. Arthur
! Hill Millberry was the floor manager.
The Grand Chapter will meet October
,19.
Mr. Snapp — Life is full of contradic
tions. Mrs. Snapp — No, it isn't. — Judy.
; " THE CREDIT HO USE"
1 Six Stories High
\ Ladies' Writing Desk of!
! quartered oak or mahogany !
[finish. A pretty desk and!
[made for service. Broad;
! writing leaf, at an easy!
Jangle, and lots of pigeon-!
I hole convenience $3.7 5\
! Our Parlor Furniture, in fine woods, ,
• carvings, inlaid work and splendid up-
•holstering makes a display we are;
! proud of. Come in and look it over. ,
i Buy when you are ready.
| Vacation over, and your interest,
• again centered on home things, maybe
•you've noticed the need of new cor-;
! tains, another portier or an additional,
i table cover, ad floor.
1 Lace curtains white and ecru $1.25
! up. Madras. Sr. so.
• Poitiers in many patterns and mater-
fials, $2 up.
Table covers in tapestry — designs to
• please and quality to serve, $1.75 up.
[ CARPET DEPARTMENT
1 Imitation Smyrna Rugs. Variety of J
[patterns, bright colors — two-sided— ,
1 well-bound edges— wont fray out. 31
[feet by 5 feet 8 inches, 51.25. \
) Always a place for another rug. We ,
[have them in every material and all
1 sizes.
) Free delivery, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
j M FRIEDMAN d CO.,
> 233 to 237 Post St
[ Open evenings Near StocktonTHE SUNDAY CALL
DEWEY'S
WELCOME
IN
NEW
YORK
"V 'V* "\ HEN George Dewey, admiral
\ A / sails into New York harboi
W \/ late this month he will be th<
*" ' most talked of man in th»
world and the best loved man
In America. Only Dreyfus has occupied
so large a »hare of public thought, dur
ing the months since Dewey left Ma
nila, and Dreyfus' prominence has been
that notoriety, not. fame.
"If the money that is to be spent on
Dewey's reception should be weighed
up In ■liver," said a statistical - fiend,
"it would be pretty nearly as heavy as
i the aggregate weight of the shot he
; fired at the Spanish ships."
Whether this is true or not is of no
possible consequence, but it is certain
ly a fact that America has never so
nearly approached a national fit of af
fectionate hysteria as she will on the
day the hero of. the Philippines comes
home. It will be like the meeting, of a
sweetheart with her lover after a long
separation. Miss Columbia's arms are
widely spread and she >viil hug George
Dewey fervently.
I have been in New York and on
for a good many years, and 'it has
been my business to Bee its big events.
There has never been a eel I ration in
honor of any one man approaching the
Dewey reception in magnitude. Al
ready, almost throe weeks before the
admiral ■ is scheduled .to arrive, his
name is the wor-l heard in every group
of men from 'the stevedores on the
docks to the millionaires in the Union
League Club; already, the novelty mak
ers are putting their .Dewey badges on
sale on the streets and getting their
Dewey bunting ready to fly from every
place in town which can offer holding
room for a waving, cole/red rag. Dare
and ugly timbers hide the . fronts of
■cores of houses and business buildings
before which the great parade will pass;
6mall speculators have staked their all
in renting space. Streetcar companies
are figuring out ways by which they
can keep their cars away from certain
crowded streets and still transport the
crowd cabmen are reckoning on a
great harvest in the glorious twenty
four hours of Dewey's day; hotels are
furbishing up their rooms and restau
rants are buying food supplies long in
advance; all New York is getting ready
to receive the admiral.
And what New York is doing hi only
• Mrt of what hi trtTif don*. Brerr
ralzre*4 ktavrlsw from Mew Tort. I d«
--•M tmki a*o to reduce its »aas*n
rmtw to tike M* <rtqr on the dar
« -tit* eejeiwUns^ *mA kisnM oum
fes kav* t%* r«47istton n«nr a ported of
ywiil tajre. j Vbm dtwtftttw orer whs/*
fMiMrtttoPa4»etSMMrMatl'TmrtM rr*«.t- .
hr, ■*** ttwr 4b.a*tilhalt th« »oop« cf
«&• teirtlwri «fcr*Mto«t wt»iok prep«
rations are being mad* by tens oX thoa
sande to land In the metropolis- at the
same time the admiral does, co as to
help In the cheering. "Th/i New York
Central, the Pennsylvania, ths Krle.
the Lehlgh Valley, the New England
linos— lndeed every railroad leading to
New York Is hustling for cars and ar
ranging to get freight traffic off its
tracks so as to be able to handle the
day's enormous passenger business.
Not Ires than a million people will b«
brought Into New York from the sur
rounding country according to the es
timate of the general passenger agent
of the New York Central.
Hundreds of thousands of people will
be disappointed In their efforts to see
the admiral as he passes along the line
of march. The arrangements for star.de
are not as complete as it was hoped
they would be. Mayor Van "Wyck'i
private secretary, Mr. Downs, who h«u,
had much to do with the arrangement*
for the celebration, says that not more
than two million people will be able to
see the parade if every Inch of space
along the line Is occupied. "At least
twice that number will try to," he
added. : Windows from which the show
may be seen are of course in great de
mand.
The great feature of New York's
preparations will consist of the colossal"
arch and colonnade on Fifth avenue,
where it will be Hanked by the famous
Madison' square and the Fifth-avenue
Hotel. This is the outgrowth of patriot
ism pure and simple. The Idea was put
forward by C. R. Lamb, a well-known
decorator. He told of it to J. Q. A.
Ward, the famous sculptor.
"The city will furnish the money If
the sculptors will do the work." eaid
Mr. Lamb. "But I don't suppose the
sculptors will do the work."
"The sculptors will do the work." said
Mr. Ward, "but the city will not fur
nish the money. I'll talk to the sculp
tors about it if you will start the money
end of the plan."
Mr. Ward did suggest the plan to the
Sculpture Society. They took it up
with a good will that carried it through
in one night. The city government was
scarcely less prompt in appropriating
the money for materials and workmen.
There was a hitch in the Issuance of
the bonds, but it was caused by a com
plication and did net Indicate lack of
©ntUuetasm over th« arch project.
Tt» Bcnlptmre Society had t« soak*
their general plans for the work to on* ■
nlfttt.- No neb eoSooaal task wa» tr*r v
performed tor artists in m short a time.
Ttwr selected the aroK of Tltna, ■Hjrhitr
modified, as the scheme for tht matt
feature. This are* had *• ■ Bid* e»-
CiKtiml om Pace Twtmtr-Vum22
1 c T£© Jse TLbe (Greatest Corn Carnival JBvct (3ivcn
All the Prominent Women
in Kansas Will Be Repre
sented! in the Parade, and
Are Busy Fashioning the
Very Latest Corn- Husk •
Hats for the Occasion,
ATCHISON. Kans., Sept. 12. -The
fc-urth Corn Carnival, which will be
held in Atchlson. - ptember 20 and 21,
will undoubtedly be far mure elabo
rate than any of the former carnivals,
and will probably surpass any similar
event ever given in Kansas. Tin en
tire State has become enthusiastic th*
year over the event, arnl every town
ship in Atehison County will be repre
sented by a float in the purade of a
booth displaying interesting articles.
Many Kansas cities and bounties will
a!:-' > donate some feature, making the
corn ('ai'-i«val more <^f a state tiilnir
•
For two months past A tchison women
have given up every pose moment
to making paper and corn husk flowers
for the parade, stringing shelled corn
for portieres and gateways in stores.
planning and executing windows air
plays (ii coin, .m l all manner of cor*
carnival features Society women have
actually abandoned any kind of amuse
ment for i he sake (,-f the carnival. The
only entertainments of a social nature
have been the meetings of the corn car
ni\«l or flower-making clubs, as they
are culled. From the older society
»omenj including Mr.--. U. P. \Va#gener
Mrs. \V. \V. Hetheringrton. Mrs: v John
J. Ingalls", fie-., down t.- ih.- saventeon:
year-old debutantes, known at, Iho
cream puff clique, all meet ftogether
several times a week, clad in goy.'ns
more destined for comfort !hau fc le
gurcv. They seat theiriselvp.s nri ih- ;
floor with a sofa pillow on their ,aps
and a hat pin in (heir hands, h
trioualy curl and put together every
Imaginable flower, until drawing rooms
resembls .< bewildering flower garden.
Every handsome carriage in tho city
win be in the Rower parade, gaily be
decked in flowers, all fashioned and
trimmed by ilk> hands of their owners.
Every tiny" child In town ivill also take
part, having themselves made the flow
ers for their own little dog carts and
pony carriage?. Among those who will
be represented In the parade are Mrs.
Norman Barrett, wife of the president
of ill" Ati lia National Bank; ?.frs.
it r ■he Reneral at
■ • • Mis uri Pacific; Mrs. E.
K. D : lh< late E. K. Blair of
the Blair Milling Company; Mrs. John
.1. Ingalls, wife of ex Senator Ingalls;
Mrs. F M. Baker, wife " r the Kansas
main authority; in fa ;. every proml
■ i-i h i man in the city. The parade
will iv- fully two niil.'s |onp. The *»n
--i husias m fm maki - has ex
' I evening's
n join t !)■■ young ladles aiul
ating roa is,
:■ \ santhe . tc. and me
• larrett. \<r- Bid n< of thp
Bank, was <iis
• ■! In his private office diligently
his stem ■ n making
\\ ater lilies to his w i r— "s car
thai Mr ! larrett had
la; . — mcd to
' < aup<» him more pride and pleasure than
If he had made a $500,000 money deal
for his house.
Mrs. H. J. Cusack, who has already
become famous for the charming hats
and bonnets she constructs from corn
husks, has surpassed all former at
tempts in her art this year.
Three bonnets which she hus con
structed for Mir. William McKinley,
Queen Victoria and Miss Helen Gould
are marvels of exquisite taste and
workmanship. Mrs. McKinley's is a
dainty evening bonnet in the natural
corn husk. The frame Is braided to
Imitate an Imported straw, it la
trimmed with Marechal Neil roses, re
lieved by sofi black rosettes. Queen
Victoria's bonnet is a Marie Stuart
shape in royal purple braid, passion
flowers and knots of cream colored
husks form the trimming. Miss Gould's
hat is not more beautiful than the
others, but it presents nearly a month
of arduous labor. The hat is fash
ioned after a Paris pattern, sent to Mrs.
Cusack for the purpose; it has a high
crown and rolling brim, lavishly
trimmed with violets of every shade of
purple. Near the bark ami beneath tho
brim is a cluster of tea roses. The
Khapp itself bo closely resembles a Tus
can bra id ihat it is almost beyond de
tectlon. The liatw and trimmings are
entirply made '<f corn husks, of course,
prepared «nd dried.
Many others have picked up the art
of making corn husk hats, and for two
weeks before the carnival many girls
who could nql wail until the stated day
to show their new millinery have
bravely sallied forth in their corn husk
h;its. Tiny are, many of them, fully
as beautiful a? th" nobbiest Imported
chapeau to be seen In a fashionable mil
liner's window.
la)hy &o Americans
Jfave a JYasal
fwangl
Just why Ato'TiTins have a peculiar na
sal twang lias never been satisfactorily
explained, nor has the twenty-first annual
congress of the American Laryngologies,]
Society, which lms just been concluded,
thrown much lisht on the subject. The
opinions expressed by the various throat
specialists upon the subject were so di
verse ami scientific that the layman in
left but little the wiser.
One point, however, received universal
aoceptance, nii'l that ■was that the cli
mate was not tlie cause, or, «t any nite.
not the sole cause, of the t wring that is
Invariably described with the term "Yan
kee" The nasal twang is not limited to
the New England States, but hat spread
all over the continent, and as the rli
mate varies almost to extremes through
out the country, it was scarcely fair to
ascribe to it all the changes that take
lilare in the larynx and vocal cords, and
which produce the unpleasant twang.
Dr. Shedson Makuen of Philadelphia
told the association that he attributed the
THE SUNDAY CALL.
high tension In the voice to the high
tension of American life. When a person
is excited or hurried the voice always be
e imi h pitched, and it does not tn.ke
long bi ire the habit is formed and the
voice assumes v nasal twang.
To show that it was not a question of
race that would account fur the twang of
the American voice, like the guttural
voice of tin Dutch or the peculiar type
of nasal voice of the French, it was
pointed out that our English cousins had
voices of an agreeably low pitch. Com
paratively few Englishmen suffer from
nasal catarrh or affection of the larynx,
while it is the exception to find an Ameri
can who Is unaffected by some similar
ffection It might very well lie the case
the nasal i wang is the cause of the
larynx being affected instead of what Is
nllj believed the nasal twang being
•I by the nasal catarrh.
Still another specialist, Dr. Thomas
11 hhard of Toledo, advanced the theory
that high pitched voices were caused by
tleavors of people to make them■
■ - heard in noisy cities, fn order to
• • ■ ■ the din and
• , ii tt.is necessai y to
m c oni top notes This ( n eed high
pitch of tie \oje.- is soon Imitated uncon
scious!) and an unpleasant voice is ac
quired.
An enforced domicile among people
speaking with a nnsal twang soon leads
■if to ;.c,, lire the habit An Englishman
visitii'.;; this country In tl pi f a few
Weeks acquires a high-pitched voice. A
European trip taken by an s . nerlcan will
often have the effect of causing his voice
to change from a high pitched to a low
pitched tone, and the change will be per
manent BO long as hf refrains from mix
ing with people who speak with a pro
nounced nasal twang. Unconscious imi
tati veiiess spreads from city to village,
and some of the must pronounced nasal
Voices are heard In country villages.
l»r. John W. l'arlow of Boston ascribed
to Immigration a great number of hlzzare
sounds that have crept Into the spoken
iage. Guttural sounds were Intro
duced by the Germans and Dutch, while
a number of nasal sounds were brought
Into use by French Canadians. The result
was that the American had grown care-
Icss as to the best way of using his voice
and had a kind of mongrel speech. People
fall into the conversational habits of the
community In which they live and make
no effort to b< tter faulty methods.
The best way of Retting out of the habit
of speaking In a high-pitched voice, it
was said, is to study tone formation. This
cannot he begun too early, and the neces
sity of teaching the subject in the public
schools cannot he urged too strongly.
Only one pet. -on knows how to sliii?. whllo
a hundred know how to talk, and until
i fforta are more widely made to teach the
proper modulation of the voice the Ameri
can will always posses? a nasal twang
and its invariable accompaniment, a nasal
or laryngcal catarrh.
Stranger (in rhieaKo)— The streets here
: mto be very much alike!
Chlragoan— Nonsense, man! The variety
is Infinite! Now, on >■-■■ street you'll get
sandbagged; on that street you'll be
brass-knuckled; one block down you'll get
knook-out drops, i.nd around the corner
you'll be garroted. Why, a man can
easily tell where he is In Chicago on tn©
darkest nights.
Bri^t Ci^ts of tl^e literary U/orld.
'In tragic life, i iod wot,
No villai d be! ".ins-:, us ppin (he
plot !"
Literature was most unstinted in its
praise of "A Guardian of the Poor," a
book of short stories with a vein of con
tinuity running through them,' written
In the realistic: mood by T. Duron Russell.
The reviewer of the Pall Mall Gazette
nnly ''checked the eulogies quivering -it
the po|n( of his pen for fear they might
read like jjus=h.' ! These dories were a
ontribution to realistic "sweater" lit
• rature, grim. haunting ar.fl artistic, but
the present volume, "The Mandate," is
realism of another sort. The key to the
tale Is found on the title page in a verse
by George Meredith:
"In tragic life. God wot
No vi i lain need be! Passions spin the
We are betrayed by what is false
within.'
For there is no villain in the story and
passions, the strongest; truly spin the
plot. Three nines In a miserable life dis
< rd dominate the theme, oiu- of them a
good ringing note when Bounded alone,
one a sweet pathetic note, but both much
out of tune, with a third hopelessly off
pitch. Paula, the heroine is pitiable,
lovable, indefensible — a perfectly amiable
and virtuous woman who does not love
her husband. "She had married open
eyed and without Illusions a man most
infinitely her inferior; had married him
with scornful tolerance, believing she
could always dominate him, could always
go her way and keep htm in his own
place. She had huckstered her own beauty
against wealth, believing herself, after
all. assured of the better side of .the bar
gain. Finding her" husband more despic
able than she had deemed, the conveni
ence of her position less than she had
anticipated, she had no right to repine."
Such a bargain is always a base one, no
matter what the circumstances. In
Paula's case th< y were but remotely If at
all justifiable. She was the oldest of four
daughters of a poor clergyman and much
in the way 'if her stepmother. And so she
married John St. Kelvin, a journalist and
promoter of mining schemes, a perfectly
commonplace brute with a brain, who,
when he ceased to drink, through the in
fluence of suggested hypnotism, was over
mastered with a lust of cruelty.
"The exorcised devil of drink" gave
place to the more Intolerable demon of
violence. " in the words of the author:
"The tragical purl of such marriages is
the opportunity which they afford to that
odd immoral destiny which sometimes
takes .1 ■■:: up of people in hand and plays
such saturnine tricks with them." Hor
ace Massio was chosen by fate to make
number three of the group. Massie.
though a mail of letters, invaded Joural
ism and In this way met St. Kelvin. He
did not like him. Yet. one day he "al
lowed Destiny and the journalist to leaf!
him upstairs" into the presence of the
beautiful unhappy Paula.
To those who will see, the whole story
Is revealed. They need each other—Mas
sif- and Paula they fall in love. Through
suggested hypnotism, begun at first for
amusement. ' Masslo cures St. Kelvin of
the drink habit. When Paula reveals her
love, Massie, guarding her honor as his
life, ti-ids separation the beal substitute
for strength. Later, when the brutality of
St. Kelvin becomes unbearable, Paula
comes to Massie for protection. Tie helps
her to find a home outside of London, safe
from the possible annoyance of her hus
band, avoids St. Kelvin thereafter and
deeply desires his death. In an evil hour,
after a day spent by Massie in the British
Museum, reading Binet and Frere on hyp
notism, he meets him at the club. St. Kel
vin, who has discovered that Massie keeps
him from drinking, tells him in a rage
that he has taken all the satisfaction out
of his life for the last two months and
whines to lie released from the spell. Mas-
Bie agrees, takes him to his rooms, puts
him under hypnotic power, tells him he Is
to drink in future, to his heart's content
and be damned, and coursing through his
brain all this time were certain words of
Binet and Frerc: "Death may bo caused
by suggestion!" This is his opportunity
and he suggests death and becomes at
lie-art a murderer. Within the night the
crime accomplishes itself. Tie and Paula
marry, hut the ghost of St. Kelvin follows
him about, makes of life a bell and finally
makes of him a raving maniac.
The characters of Mangle and St. Kel
vin are wonderfully drawn, particularly
the latter, a man who habitually reeked
of artificial perfume, who loved the sen
sation of befuddlement, who was Influ
enced by every wind that tlew, whom a.
clever cook could make eat to the limit
of his capacity and beyond it, and whose
death and disappearance from the haunts
of men was received by his acquaintances
with pitiful indifference. Massif wins all
one's sympathies— a really strong man,
an admirable fellow, a victim of circum
stances. He was not an adventurer, not
a libertine, not a disturber of domestic
tranquillity, and yet he met a fate re
served for the worst of such. Women
trusted him, but seldom found him at
tractive, hence Paula's influence over him
A College for the
Sleeping - Car
Porters.
Pl^fpinp-'-;!'- porters not only look much
a::k. , after the manner of their race, but
they ■!•■ their work alike, ingenuity, orig
inality and uniQue tricks of servici
nol encouraKed within the limits of a
sleeping-car of any of the companies, and
: for it all is that the pi
arc gi aduates of Ihe sami coll( ge.
This college has brandies in every di
vision oltice of the Pullman a:
was rhp greater. She ached always, not
only for his mental and moral but also
for (jis physical support, and the three
do not g" well together. Paoja, although
possessor of many Inconspicuous virtues,
ling* ra in the memory simply as a iiv.i'i
tiful. passionate woman, whose beauty
and physical cnarm's, have been the n
of wrecking tjie reasoi anil ruining the
life of one nf God's best The
book ■ • " : ' 'nteh
ind a hold - "'• x • : ' 1
its being easily laid
"Th ■ n Kupsell.
(John Lam . 'l lie Bodley Head, l
and New York.)
CONSCIOUSNESS BEING [MMOR
TALITY Bring a clear head and a
thoughtful mood to Dr. O. O Bui
little booklet, "Consciousi I g lm
mortality" (part li and "Divim Healing
and Christian Science" (part 2) and nei
ther will In brought in vain. To old pub
it-.-is he gives the most original ideas or,
rather, the most original statement <~>f
them. The chapter 'in consciousness,
which well repays reading, ends thus: "A
never-ending influx of knowledge should
crown the highest aspirations to life ever
lasting. Realistic efforts to portray the
delights pf heaven usually fail to the
ground as the monotony of eternal psalm
ody, with unceasing twang of golden
harps •'» accompaniment or tiresome
promenade of streets of gold without end
and more of the lilu. But the joys, which
expansion of knowledge shall bring are
not to he looked forward to as in the mere
finding of the philosopher's stone <>r the
quadrature of the circle or the missing
link but in ilia I ineffable happiness of
which all mortals have glimpses who are
rot utterb brutalized, and which we have
already alluded to as exalted apprecia
tion of that in the beautiful which passes
the power of words to convey.
Speaking of divine healing he says:
••Prayer for cure or for daily bread needs,
a.« Bishop Moreland intimates, a little
rustling about by those wh<> would find
the answer to it. * * ♦ Faith is the fact
of hypnotism; the fact of relisirm— of that
peace of mind which passeth understand
First authentic story ever pub-
IJshed in America of the terrible
secret society that incited the insur-
reciion in the Philippines.
* Mill f LUj / {^^ ?^ :^-^ '^^^-^^^^^^^^^ ""' r^^^-^?^- __^ - -^ .--i: :^^^^/^ / • [^^^^^; :
Nts worlkimigs fylly exploited In
next Sunday's Call.
companies and at the home offices of th«
'few railroad lines which operate their
own cars. The curriculum of each is
alike, the instructors are much the same
and the requirements for graduation in
each branch are identical.
There are half a dozen branches of tni3
college in Chicago, ami during school
hours these are crowded with eager dusky
students.
The schools were first organized by the
Pullman Company in an informal way at
the beginning of its service to instruct
the men in a new trade. They liavo
grown and been perfected since until the
division chief of each company, who had
charge of the men upon that road, con
duels a school in connection with his of-
The schools are usually located in the
depots. The eauipment is but a barn
room in which a complete sleeping-ear
berth is set up, with curtains, cushions
and all. just as they are in the cars. After
an applicant has been accepted, and ~t
signed to duty he reports at the division
offices and is conducted to the school
room. Here, under the tutelage of one of.
the old porters, he is instructed in the
various arts. He is shown the proper and
only method of making up a berth, Then
how to convert it back to a section, how
the curtains are folded, where the pillow?
are placed, how the cushions are utilized,
and all of the mysteries of the craft.
He Is then given a copy of the regula
tions of the company governing the serv
ice and must become letter perfect in
these; he is informed that he must sweep
the car just so many times during a. trip;
that the temperature must be kept at a
certain point during the winter; that the
lights must be turned out under certain.
conditions; that passengers are no: al
lowed to do this and that. In addition
he must, on some of the runs, understand
the tariffs and ticket systems, so that in
addition to his duties as porter, he may
act as conductor.
If his run is on. a buffet car he must
understand the cooking .and serving of
the articles on the menu. The fact that
he may not wear his white jacket outside
the train is also Impressed upon him, sun
are the hundred other details which make
up the service required of him.
After a course in the schoolroom, if he
shows himself to be a competent and
promising man, he is assigned to a run,
hut he is not yet free from the trammels
of the schoolroom. He is required to re
port nt stated intervals, averaging about
once in two months, to receive further
instruction and show that he has no for
gotten what was taught him. Besides
that, the new rules, new devices and new
Improvements in the service are explained
to the old men at these tim and the
superintendents take this means to keep
in touch with the men.
inp. and we are assured that faith will
remove mountains. The regular physician,
how< ver, is satisfied that faith is usually
too little to remove a mountain or to re
move a grave case of disease without . x
trarieous aid. • • * Who has nowadays
the knowledge or conferred power to do
miracles? 11 The little booklet is from the
Hlcks-Judd Compaiiy print of San E^an
ciseo.
TAG.— queer title to this little book
of rhymes by Mary V. Littell in an intro
ductory note is thus explained:
"Dear Playmate: I have striven to 'play
fair'; if 'touched,' you are 'It.' Pass It
on."
Though not of wonderful literary merit,
pome of the rhymes are "touching," some
most amusing and all more or loss inter
esting:. The following is part of one of
the best:
MASKED.
The people you meet on the sidewalk.
D'you know them If any should ask?
Bay "No" ; for nine-tenths of all faces
Are wholly concealed by a mask!
"Deception." you say, "walks In daylight!"
Forgive us the innocent ait —
You'd gaze in alarm If you saw them—
The faces that match with the heart!
For who wants the world to look knowing.
And wag Ue old, gossipy head,
When the heart that we carry within us
Is broken and "heavy as lead?"
So don your best mask, brother, sister,
And out where the crowd look so gay!
"The world's a great stage — we're the actors —
Keep up to "the end of the play."
("Tag"-by Mary V. Littell. The J. S.
Ogilvie Company.)
Mr. Joel Benton, an undoubted author
ity upon tha literature contemporaneous
with Pne and his times, publishes through
Mansfield & Wessels of New York two
timely volumes, "In the Poe Circle" and
"Emerson as a Poet." The latter is a re
vision of a series of papers on Emerson
published more or less privately some
years ago.Will Xllbe (LMflnese 1R»le Saw 3^midße©'g ■ politics?
At Every Local Election
Their Vote Will Be Two
Hundred Stronger Than
at the Election Previous.
THE political arena of San Francisco
Is about to become the recipient
of a new force. Not only will it
be new to San Francisco, but it
will be new to the United States,
for while all European nationalities are
mow or less colonised in politics, the field
has heretofore been free of any offspring
of Asia. Now. however, the Asiatic unit
has girded his loins and Is prepared to
make himself felt. The Chinese are ex
cluded from citizenship, It Is true; but
this inhibition does not extend to their
progeny bom upon American soil. They
»r«. under the constitution and laws of
the' United States, citizens by right of
birth. One thousand of these, males and
of full voting age, are now numbered
among the denizens of Ban Francisco's
Chinatown, and scattered throughout the
State there are no less than 4000 more.
These will all vote In the next election.
This announcement may be somewhat
startling to the State and local politi
cians, but their number and character
presents a factor to be taken Into con
sideration in the making up of the slates
of th« future.
There are SCOO male Chinese chil
dren of all ages below majority In
Ban Francisco, and throughout the State
there are about 6000 more. These were
ail born In the United States, and
hence are citizens. They are coming
to majority at a rate of about 260 a
year about 100 of whom are residents of
San Francisco. Consequently It may be
said that in even' local election the Chi
nese vote will be 300 stronger than at the
election previous, and at each State elec
tion It will be 1000 stronger than It was
at the preceding count.
It can be seen, therefore, that the Chi
nese vote is destined to become a most
effective engine In politics. This can be
realize when it Is understood that these
voters will stand and ballot upon every
principle and every candidate as a unit.
Vo other vote is or can be bo homogene
ous The Irish. German. Scandinavian.
Italian votes have certain communal in
terests which they always severally assert
about election times, but even their so
cieties cannot guarantee deliverance of a
specified • number of votes. With this
new element the condition may be ex-
Jected to be widely different. Its integrals
will be under the influence of a central
head, who will point out to them their
Interests In politics and direct them the
way they should stand; and it Is beyond
The perad^nture of a doubt that these
semi-celestials will be guided by and will
obey this chief. v^- •'--'
Such a chief has already been found
and the organization through which he Is
clothed with powers is in existence. The
man is Robert L. Parke and the corpora
tion is the Tung Yuen Chung Gok. which
in English means " United Parlor of
Native Sons." or. as the incorporat on
papers have It. "Native Sons of he
Golden State." This organization Is. he
second of the kind to arise in California.
Five years ago there was a charter
granted by th© Legislature to a Tong -et
native sons under the leadership of one
Ling Vow. The charter gathered under
Its folds about 200 members, but the affair
did not prosper, owing to the detracting
influences of Mr. Ling's business, which
was that of a drummer for a fruit can
ning establishment, requiring him to
make trips about the State and be much
cf the time away from the city. Lpon
the ashes of this concern grew the exist
ing Tong which was brought Into life
through another charter, and dates its
existence from May 11. 1595.
Mr. Parke is its president. It has the
second floor of a building on Powell
street on the northern edge of Chinatown
for its quarters, and here once a week
meetingß are held at which about 300
members gather and Mr. Parke presides.
While this parlor has been in existence
for three years, it has only been recently
that the management has aroused to a
definite purpose of going Into politics.
The first conception was to identify and
secure the assemblage of the American
born Chinese, then get them acquainted
with the organization as an instrument of
fraternal amalgamation. The parlor
therefore undertook to procure employ
ment for Idle members; to assist members
who were in poverty, to comfort the siok
and bury the dead; In short to distribute
as much brotherhood among themselves
as the limited funds of the affair, raised
from contributions of membership fees,
would allow. Alongside of this Quality of
tha association there was built up a
DEWEY'S WELCOME IN NEW YORK
Continued FTom Page Twenty-One.
trances, but It was decided to Dlerce
th" Dfwey arch transversely, bo that it
: would span Fifth avenue and Twenty
fourth street, with free space for each
thoroughfare. Extending on Fifth ave
nue In each direction for a dlsiance of
one block, they planned a colonnade.
j heroically designed and lavishly decor
i ated.
This was one night's work. The n«*xt
', day the sculptors were hard at work on
j their designs, and within a week the
models were growing in their studios.
To J. Q. A. Ward was naturally in
trusted the task of making the great
group for the top of the arch. Prancing
sea horses drawing Victory's barge
through curling waves, with Liberty
at the helm, was his subject. Two
weeks he had to complete his model In —
work which ordinarily would have oc
cunied as many months. And the task,
the glory of the reason for it. inspired
him. Done In haste the great group will
be but hurried in appearance it will
not be.
And so with the two great groups
which will appear on the sides of the
arch's downtown front. Niehaus and
Karl Bitter took them up with the same,
impulsive enthusiasm, and the sea war
riors returning to their home with Vic
tory's wings spread over th^m will
stand out on the Dewey arch not only
as evidences of the intense patriotism
which animated the idea, but as sam-
Dles of good art. Philip Martigni. Dan
iel C French. F. W. Ruchstuhl, George
E Bissell, Charles A. Lopez, Isadore
Conti and many others— nearly all the
members of the Sculpture Society, In
fact— have done as much. Never have
the atudios of New York's workers at
■trong social flavor. The Chinese ar«
proverbially clannish, but this Is shown
specifically when they are confronted
with Interests of other nationalities,
between themselves they are selfish,
jealous, rusplclouß and Individual enough.
It was to overcome these tenden
cies that the social phase of
the movement was carefully fos
tered. Convivial parties were given,
there were crude "©vents" which as
sembled the multitude, a little rice wine
was distributed upon occasion, ex
changes of ideas supervened, and ulti
mately the Native Sons acquired the
reputation throughout the Kwang Tung
province of San Francisco of being a
band of Jolly good fellows, membership
of whose body came to be desired by
every American born Chinese In the
district, and the ardent ambition of all
those whose approaching majority would
entitle them to admission.
The social advantages and felicities as
well as the material benefits of the parlor
being well established, the movement has
lately come to take upon itself the real
phase which has all along been the
primary object In the mind of
its organizer, namely, a political
status. The Native Sons have had
careful drilling. It has been Im
pressed upon them that their condition 13
different from that of their fathers; that
they axe entitled to vote and that this
means a voice in the Government, it*
policy and Its administrator!. Scarcely
Is there one of them who cannot cite
sections of the constitution of the United
States by heart, and cannot explain In
telligently the division of powers be
tween the Federal arrangements and the
States.
These Jovial youths all speak English;
the vernacular of some of them is of the
winged pigeon variety, but they can
nevertheless make themselves understood,
and can with quite agile alacrity "catchee
on" to the meaning of their conversation
ist. Only a few of them are of parents
well-to-do, for there are few such In
Chinatown; the greater number are poor
and of Ignorant paternity. Upon general
lines they are ignorant themselves, but
specifically they are bright and ready;
this readiness abides In the direction of
their political interests which It has been
the care of Mr. Parke to inculcate In
them.
In appearance the native son generally
is not distinguishable from a foreign
born. Bave through his youth. His occu
pation holding him close to his own peo
ple he wears the conventional attire, In
cluding the queue; a few of them dress In
the American garb, and this is disported
by Mr. Parke himself, but paternal pro-
this art been so busy. Vacations have
been curtailed. Other orders have been
put aside. Nothing has been permitted
to stand In the way of making the home
romlng of our great Admiral a beauti
ful as well as an enthusiastic occasion.
"All this has another significance,"
Mr. Ward said. He was hard at work
on the touches needed to finish his
great group. His years sit lightly on
him. The tale of time told by his gray
hair and pointed white beard is belied
by the athletic lines of his active fig
ure. He is no plush-jacketed sculptor
dabbling daintily. He wore a white,
clay-spattered undershirt that day, and
his trousers were the overalls of the
hard-working hod-carrier. He profess
edly was pleased with all parts of life
except his own group (which stood in
brown, shining clay behind him on a
turning standard), and modesty alone
made him slight the merits of that.
Two assistants were working with the
mud which filled the great clay chest
In one corner of the enormous room,
and they were visibly proud of their
master and of his work.
Mr. Ward beamed benignly.
"It all means more than we see on
the surface," he admitted. "It means
the coming of a great thing to New
Tork and to America. From time im
memorial It has been said that we
lacked public spirit and especially that
as a people we lacked artistic appre
ciation. What could be more publio
spirited than the way the country la
preparing to receive the man who took
the Philippines? What could more
clearly Indicate artistic appreciation
than the way In which the city of New
York met the sculptors' offer of free
work and appropriated $150,000 for
material and labor?
THE STJNDAT CAI.I*
Judlce prevails In most Instance* and the
tonsure, the tunic and the pajamas char
acterize these new Americans as they
have for long centuries done their Mongo-
lian ancestors.
The parlor now includes In Its member
ship all the native sons in San Francisco.
As yet no attempt has been made to or
ganize branch parlors In other parts of the
State, but arrangements are now pending
to start one in Los Angeles and one In
Sacramento. It is expected that each of
these parlors will open with 150 members.
Th* office of State organizer Is about to
be created, and some traveling commer-
Jhey
Already
J4a9e
a Chief
Who
Will Be
Jheir
CJuide.
dal member, possible Mr. Line, will b«
installed in it. He will establish branches
wherever there are enough ellglbles to
maintain such, and these will all take
their mandates from San Francisco. In
time, and within a very little time, the
native-born Chinese throughout the State
will be compactly organized and consoli
dated, ready to swing as a column right
or left, however their interests may de
flect them.
The identity and character of the In
fluence or force which will ewlng this
column is a matter of the highest inter
est. Undoubtedly, It will be personal and
that person will be Mr. Park*. This indi
vidual is about 25 years old and was born
in Chinatown. His parents were nominal*
and are now superannuated and shelved.
I asked Mr. Parke what his father did;
he replied "nothing;." and qulokly chang
ed the subject. It wu obvious th«,t Mr.
"Dewey's coming has a significance
whioh none of us dreamed it would
have. He brings with him not only
the laurel wreaths of a fighter's vic
tories but he has started a movement,
without knowing it himself, which will
be of incalculable artistic benefit to
the American people. Our cities have
been by no means as slow in such mat
ters as they have been credited with
being. Every American city of size
has many things to its credit on Art's
books. But nothing of the magnitude
of these Dewey decorations has ever
been started on pure enthusiasm in
any city in America. The whole thing
will be an object lesson to the sculp
tors. It will prove to them that the
people and those who are elected to
govern them are not wholly out of
sympathy with artists and art feeling
as they have been supposed to be. It
will be an object lesson to the people.
It will show them how greatly art can
add to a demonstration of this kind,
and will also prove to them that the
artists of New York are as patriotio
as any one is and more than ready to
co-operate with other citizens in add
ing to the glory of a great national
event."
The construction of this arch Is
much more Interesting than the build
ing of any other similar structure has
been, because of the great haste with
which it is being done. It was only
three weeks ago that the first inclos
ure of pine boards was put up In the
street where the arch now stands, al
most completed. At that time the
sculptors had not entirely finished any
of their models and all that could be
erected before these were finished was
the bare framework of the arch. At
the earn* time that tbia board fence
Parke's father not «nly do« nothing, bnt
Is nothing In the estimation of his up-to
date offspring. The Chinese-American
has left at right angles that traditional
Influence which Is the heart of the Asi
atic religion, namely, the worship of an
cestors. He has developed a capacity that
Is pre-eminently American— that of look
ing at things as they are— and even
though such object may be the author of
his being he is not swerved by any false
notions concerning it.
In brief, the whole ganglion of Confu
cian precepts and postulates, with Its
Joss houses, rice papers and combustible
prayers, has been thrown overboard by
Mr. Parke, who Is not only not a pagan
but is a Presbyterian of the full-fledged,
dry-wine type, who chants hymns, reads
Scripture and has morals as straight as
the tight string on a plumb bob.
In fact, Mr. Parke Is by profession a
teacher, and is now about to open a Pres
byterian mission day school in China
town, through which he will teach the
future disciples of his political guidance
the linguistic intricacies and idioms of the
English primer, and the trick of comput
ing numerals with fln-de-siecle lead-pencil
facility. The presence of such a character
in the practical politics of San Francisco
is certainly as extraordinary as the ag
gregation which he heads, and he embod
ies a personage very different from what
would commonly be expected to surge to
the fore in suoh a movement.
Mr. Parke was the first Chine** to
graduate from a grammar school of San
Francisco, his alma mater of this grade
being the Lincoln Grammar School, whose
examination he passed in 1892. There
have only been three Chinese graduates
from grammar schools in the city since,
and they both evolved this year; two of
these passed from the Washington Gram
mar and one from the Claremont School.
After getting through the grammar school
Mr. Parke attended the high school, and
graduated there and finally took a special
course at the University of California,
which he has Just completed.
The first suggestions of an education as
well as the earliest glimmer of the power
of politics came to him through Colonel
F. A. Bee, for years Chinese Consul of
San Francisco. Colonel Bee was an Ameri
can who during the plug-ugly days of
Keameyism took up the defense of the
Chinese who were being persecuted by
that debauch. So successful was he in this
that the Chinese Emperor wrote him a
personal letter and rewarded him with the
office of Consul, which he retained until
his death. Parke was his servant, and
being a bright lad the colonel pointed him
out a thing or two, sent him to school and
predicted that he would grow up to be a
great and astute leader of the Chinese
was put up in the middle of Fifth ave
nue, the basement of Madison Square
Garden was turned into a great and
interesting workshop. It was there
that the sculptors' models were to be
enlarged from small clay images into
heroic figures ready for position on
the arch. From twenty to sixty men
were employed in this work and their
manner of going at it was strange to
the layman's eye. First of all a small
square frame was put over the artist's
mi>*el. This was notched by inches
ana from each notch a plumb line of
black thread was dropped until it
struck some important point on the
model itself. After these had been
carefully adjusted a similar and much
larger square frame was built and
hung at a height somewhat above the
point where the completed statue was
to reach. From this plumb lines ex
actly corresponding to the little ones
hanging from the smaller square were
dropped, and these marked the relative
positions of the measured points in
the larger statue.
There was no chipping of marble,
no delicate chiseling with fine tools
in this vast sculptors' studio. The
mass of the figures was built up of
common excelsior dipped in plaster.
White spattered workmen piled hand
ful upon handful of this crude mate
rial up until It approximated the shape
.of the figure to be imitated. After
this was accomplished they took any
road to Rome. With chisels and knives
they chipped the plaster off; with
hatchets they hacked at it; with
saws they sawed it; with round-ended
sticks they modeled it; with brooms
they swept it. Then came the artists
themselves. Sculptor Ward In his
studio, wearing bis undershirt and hi«
At Each State Election It
Will Be One Thousand
Stronger and They Wall
Vote as Though One Man.
peoples. Whether the colonel's prognosis
will be fulfilled time can prove, but hia
protege is certainly progressing in the
proper direction to realize the most bloom-
Ing perfection of the colonel's expecta
tions.
"Primarily we shall see that the Chinese
citizens are registered." said Mr. Parke
in discussing the purposes and future of
his organization recently. "We "are Ameri
cans, and we shall all claim the right of
franchise. China is disheveled and break-
Ing up; who can say he is a member of
the Chinese nation or a subject of its
Government when the Indications are that
It will presently be no more of a nation
than the Jews are a nation and when the
Government is so weak that It is dying
of paresis? If we were not Americans we
would be nothing; our fathers are Just
now in this anomalous predicament. De
nied citizenship of the U.nted State* they
are in reality denationalized; they are
men without a country.
"After we get our men naturallxed,"
continued Mr. Parke. "we will see to It
also that each man votes. At least, we
will be satisfied that nothing stands in
the way of his voting if he wishes to do
so, and our great effort has been to edu
cate our boys that it 1b not only their
right, but It Is their duty to vote, even
though the exercise of such Involves some
personal discomfort and Inconvenience.
We shall vote at all elections. "We shall
ask for a representation In whatever con
ventions we elect to enter, and we pro
pose to assert an influence in the making
up of the tickets as well as in the suc
cess of such. Through our votes we
■hall control the seats from our district
In both the supervisorial board and that
of education, and I can see no reason why
our man may not go to the Legislature
from the Chinatown legislative district
and we shall have a strong pull on the
Senate. Of course I cannot say that the
Chinese will vote in every instance as a
unit; they may vote as they please; but
we are together in a single organization
and we shall in afl probability make up
a ticket from the nominees of the several
parties, and the ticket when so made up
will be the one we will vote.
"You can rely upon this." he continued,
"that the Chinese vote will never be cast
for a man whose record shows him to be
or ever to have been against Chinese in
terests. What will we oppose? Primar
ily, of course, the exclusion laws. We
cannot see why our father's countrymen
should be the victims of such unfair dis
crimination that they are made by the
laws a sort of debased race. We cannot
travel from one part of this continent to
the other unless we are equipped with
passports and pictures of identification,
and if we leave the country we must pro
vide ourselves with a mass of credentials
In order to be permitted to return to our
homes. This must be done away with.
If it cannot be effected through treaties
based upon the amicabilities which must
follow the extension of American trade
In China, then it must be blotted out
through the votes of Chinese Americans.
"We shall in time demand, too, that the
Chinese be admitted to citizenship on the
same- terms as any other nation. There
Is no reason why in this country of gov
ernment by the people a large body of
the people should be under the same dis
ability as are paupers, idiots and Indians
—not taxed. A man's right to vote should
depend, not upon the site of his birth, but
upon his Intelligence, his understanding
of and fidelity to the Government under
which he lives. Fifteen per cent of the
real estate in Chinatown is owned by
resident Chinese. There was a time when
40 per cent of it was so owned, but
after the passage of the discriminating
laws the situation took on a menacing
attitude of persecution and many Chinese
capitalists sold out their holdings, re
duced their property to gold and with It
sailed back to China. There are 400 stores
In Chinatown and their taxable stocks
will average $7000 each. I know gentle
men there who pay taxes on $35,000, $40,000
and as high as $50,000 worth of goods.
Their hands are in their tills to help out
every project and enterprise to which
their contributions are solicited upon the
score of benefits to the city's welfare;
and yet these substantial men are denied
a right to the ballot, while any German
born or Italian-born tramp picked up
overalls, was carefully dressed when
compared to the artists after they be
gan their work in Madison Square
Garden. Attendants stood by with
pans of plaster as the sculptors Jump
ed about putting the finishing touches
on their tributes to Dewey's great
ness. No man held himself down
to his own figure. They were all work
ing together with one object in view —
the completion of a great whole to do
honor to a great occasion. Wherever
they could be of use they worked. No
spectators were permitted to bother
them, nor even friends to visit them.
How closely they have had to figure
in order to complete the work in time
is shown by. the fact that the last fig
ures will not leave Madison Suoare
Garden finished until the day Dewey
lands in New York City and the day
before the great parade of which the
arch is to be the feature.
Whether or not the enthusiasm
which has carried the plans for the
reception, of Dewey so far with a rush
will last long enough to raise the $750,
--000 necessary to make the arch per
manent is extremely doubtful. "Even
if it is," said, Mr. Ward, "many things
will need to be considered carefully.
First, of course, the design of the
arch has been hurriedly decided upon
and might be . afterward much im
proved. t Second, it is by no means
certain that the location is the best
that could be selected. All these mat
ters must come up for discussion
later."
In view of the trouble New York
found in raising the money for Grant's
tomb and the $100,000 for the Washing
ton : memorial arch, it is by no means
certain that this new and much great
er effort will be token up at ail
about the docks, who has been naturalli
ed, may go up to the polls and vote with
out any questioning as to his fitness or
his prompting?, which are frequently ex
pressed by two round dollars in his
pocket, put there by some heeler whom
he votes to serve. It is nonsense to pre
tend that under proper educational and
other tests the Chinese would not make
citizens in every way acceptable to the
republic. Yes. we would have our labor
ers use the ballot too. An ignorant Can
tonese-talking Chinaman is just as fit
and proper a person to vote as your
densely ignorant negroes and European
whites. All of this sort of vote is bad;
such people are entirely unfitted to exer
cise the franchise; yet you persist in per
mitting them to do so. and if black Igno
rance is good enough voting material for
the republic, why is not yellow ignorance
just as good?
"Yes, these are Federal matters rather
than local questions." assented Mr. Parke,
when I called his attention to this faot.
"The larger sphere of our being Is natur
ally related to the Federal Government,
yet there will be local interests which
engage our attention as well. There have
been times in the past when, if we had
been a voting force, Chinese people would
have received more consideration from
city departments. Very recently the Fire
Department notified Chinatown residents
to remove the wooden bars from their
windows; they did so and put up screens;
then the police came along and prohibited
the use of screens. If it were not that
the Chinese, as aliens, have a standing In
the United States court they might some
times go bare of Justice. We think If the
head of a department realized that there
were a thousand votes hung up on a nail
to be lodged against him at the next elec
tion If he acted unfairly with any one In
Chinatown, there would be more care ex
ercised with the rights and feelings of
Chinese."
Mr. Parke In conclnslon admitted that
his Americanized name was not alto
gether a translation from Chinese. If he
were in China his name would be Len
Parke, the family name being Len. Ha
has adopted the surname Robert out
right and contracted his family name to
his middle initial, using the Chinese- sur
named Parke as a Christian name. He has
a brother who is a seaman on the United
States steamer Albatross who is also a
native son. He declares the native sons
are intensely patriotic; during the war
nearly all of them wore decorations of
American colors, and one of the most
treasured possessions of the parlor are
three shells taken by Dye He, a member
of the tong. from one of the Spanish
craft at Manila shortly after the battle.
Dye being an the Boston and having
taken part in that battle.
Certain of the municipal authorities,
however, do not take kindly to this san
guine project of Mr. Parke's of register
ing all the native born Chinese and "see
ing that they vote." "It opens the door,"
said Registrar J. Steppacher. " to end
less fraud and something will certainly
have to be done about It if Parke at
tempts the onslaught on the registration
books which he is said to contemplate.
Who can tell who is a native born Chi
nese and who is not? There is no dis
tinguishing between the two. Some whom
I know to be native born have never as
sociated with whites and they under
stand little or no English, besides many
of thos*e born in China speak our lan
guage quite plainly. If we could be satis
fied with the statements of the witnesses
upon all occasions all would be well, but
we know that "for tricks that are vain,
the heathen Chinee is peculiar. 1
"I will say, however," continued the
Registrar, "that I do not believe that any
of the Chinese natives who have regis
tered thus far are improperly registered
or that the witnesses have stated any
thing but the truth. Last year we had
only six Chinese on the books. This
year, thus far, and since this movement
began, we have nearly forty, and they are
still coming in. As long as there are no
frauds connected with it we are all right,
and, as I have stated, we know of none
thus far."
Gavin McNab said the theme and the
situation were entirely new, and required
the most careful consideration. He had
no doubt the Chinese vote would be a
homogeneous one — that they would each
vote the sentiments of their leader. He
thought the man who could implicitly
control the polling of a thousand votes
would be the strongest political force in
San Francisco, and would have to be
reckoned with in every move made either
!n city or State politics. The favor of
that man would in 1596 have placed Cali
ifornia in the Democratic ranks and
changed eight votes from McKinley to
Bryan. In the Tilden-Hayes contest this
change would have elected Mr. Tilden.
Mr. McNab did not think that this influ
ence, resident in a single individual, was
at all healthy from the standpoint of the
common weal. The theory upon which
the franchise is granted is that its exer
cise shall express the individual, inde
pendent sentiments of the voter. In the
case, however, of men who cannot speak
the English language and who must have
everything political translated for them
by their confidant and leader, this indi
viduality cannot in the nature of things
be manifest. As to what legislation
might be devised to meet the condition
Mr. McNab was unable to suggest, but
his opinion was that it would have to be
effected through Congress.
Still another view was entertained bjr
a wirepuller who had been doing poll
ial chores through the region just be
yond Chinatown for some years past.
"Them lads," says he. "is full regulars.
You'll see them bloods g<>iri' round here
presently eatin' ginger an' smokin' of the
best China-made cigars wots in the box.
The patriotism in their get-ups don't
weigh half as much as does the question
of profit. Do you 'spose that guy Parke
Is goln' to colonize all them votes for
mere sport? Not much, he ain't— he's
smooth. He'll have this bunch of votes
In his fist, an' he'll go to Kelly or Buck
or Crimmins an' say, 'See here wot I've
got!' •Wot'll yer take for 'emT Buck'U
ask. 'Wot'll you gimme?' will say Parke.
'Dollar fer each vote.' 'Fer each name
on the ticket?' an' it'll be a go, an' ther
native sons will be in it way up to ther
necks."
Whether any of the above is oojw
rect ixi his hypdthesis or not, certainly
the possession of a thousand votes will
repose a power in their holder sufficient
at least to make him respectable, If he
desires to be so. Those votes would have
been the balance of power in a dozen
offices in San Francisco at the last elec
tion, and It cannot be doubted that In *
city where the counts are as close as In
San Francisco the man who can influence
the casting of such a number of ballots
will have the deciding of fhe fate of many
ABplrantg to political office.
2324
ACTIVE
SERVICE
Copyrighted.
MARJORY WAIN WRIGHT falls In love with Rufus ColPman. Sunday editor
of the Now York H. :!>s<\ She ;.-!!s !-,«r father, one of the most Wr-ie.l
ressora !n a s;r<>at Eaforn ootlegc of her intention to marry O>lernan. anj _
ln . . that Coleman was nt <-.ne time a favnrite impil the match
) S ;. ted by him. H*> arrangM a trip to Greece hoping to pre
calla i n MarJ >ry for an answer to bis suit. To
try jjjg h: • unces her trip to Greece. He
misui ■ and the result Is thej -. - by In a most matter of ract
niannT. but Marjory ruslu-s ln tears to her father fully a nvlnced that ( oie
man doea not love her, whi. v hls r ,
ln drink. The professor arr« k« some of his stu ' s '•"»' >
to Greece . . I a y ling m phomore named Coke, who has distlngu
himself ln a freshman rush and is resarfled bj Coleman in the light -.a
rival. Coleman - • nt " f !l "' Bc Udi
the war In Qree via I. ■■: d( n. On the steamer he meets Nora Black.
a celebrated dancer an.; an who pays blm marked attention.
Coleman rather slight t of the fair Nora and in turn If nim-
Fe!f snubbed. He leaves I . . .... B h she sits ;
Dear him at supper, and from remarks - :•""'> n « knows she
is fond of him. In Gr :e be learns that the Walnwnght party an at NUcopoUS
ar.J in ddr.i:er, BO he Beta out for that point at once.
Coleman finds the approach to NUcopolla surr uaded with difficulties and no
trace of the Walnwrig a cablecram m>m the Bclipae to am
..:: the whereabouta of the party at all hazards, as their position had
already created considerable comment !n America.
He pi a portion of the Greek cavalry toward Nlkopolto. The
Greeks bear of reverses and suddenly retreat, leaving Coleman and his drago
man to ge( .y they can. Night comes on and by a <iueer
chance th . rtake Coleman on the road. They are unarmed
and in a st.it- i f trepld iri in. All are in danger of massacre by either Greek or
Turkish hiUamen and ;he burden of taking the party to safety falls on Cole
man. The party proceeds on it?- way to Arta and meets the Greek OUtP< st,
but learns of further dangers ahead. To the surprise of all they meet Nora
Bl . k with a party on th.- n-aj.
I'oleman and party reach the Grecian settlement ln safety. Nora Black
n.iike trouble. Coleman dines alone with her and Is afterward
g made love to . ■ I ■ • -:i repulsed. A
.1 by the interference of the professor and the
[Continued.]
W! de to "Retire" he had, of course, simply retreated
fuming . \ room, where he remained looking with yellow
imal from <x cave. When the others were able to see
■ haz< of mental confusion they found that Coleman was with
-. Afterward, when he removed his waist-
Is large gold watch.
. . :. d - again in their places, and when thero
a - an . local nature, referring principal^
ii g unsuitable for i>L-d», ar.d also referring trom time to
: an alleged s< fflshnesa on the part ut some one of I
. there was only the Bound of heavy breatning.
When th< tea i had returned to what he called th< Wainwrignt
part of th. - greeted instantly with the Question, "WHai was
It?" His wife and daughter were up in alarm. "What was it?" they re
i wildly. _ , 
11.- was peevish. "Oh, nothing-, nothing. Hut that young Cone is a
■ ruffian. He had gut himself Into some tremendous uproar with
.'v nen 1 arrived he seemed actually trying to assault him.
He had been drinking. Coleman's behavior, 1 must say, wm
zed at once th< delicacy of my position— he not being ••)
nt. If 1 had found him In I 11 would have been simpler tnan
.. him in the richt. Confound that rascal of a Coke. Then, as he
a partial v I them t<> grunted scraps of informa
tion "Coke waa sane • • ■ 1 feared that 1 couldn t control
blm • ' * Coleman was like Ice * • ' and as much as i haves;
in him during the last few days, this Quite beat it all. If lv nad
. [zed my helplessness as far as he waa the.wbole tmng
: most mie i I iess. He is a very fine young
man iiing voice to this last tribute was the voice <.r Mrs. warn- •
wrighl S said, "Well, C< leman drinks, too— everybody knows that.
■•1 jjri lei th< profess>or rather bashfully, but 1 am con
fide! • ' iflitd v drop."
The J car'.i i ■ ■ - bad frightened most of the furniture out
fAn I there wa eft in mis room only a few old red
md the W wen camping upon the Boor. M
PP ( i i,, Colei klntoi h. and while the pr I
some low talk of the recent incident, she in silence
had turned the yellow velvel collar ol the coat one teit
Bometl ■ am, and putting her hand carefully Into the top
md three cigars. These she took in the dark
ness and laid aside, telling herself to remember their position in the
o doubt that Coleman would rejoice over them before
he could get back to Athena where there were other good cigars.
CHAPTER XIX.
The ladies of the Wainwright party had not Complained at all when de
prived of iven such civilized advantages as a shelter and a knife and fork
ap and water, bul Mrs. Wainwright complained bitterly amid the
balf-civilUation of Arta. She could f no excuse for the absence or
several hundred things which she had always regarded as essential to
it - ; .i a. in. to m.ik. both the professor and Marjory woe
ful with an endless dissertation upon the beds in the hotel at Athens.
Of course, she had not regarded them at the time as being quite ex< ep
, beds . . . that was quite true . . . but tin n one really
knew what one was really missing until one really missed it
She would never have thought that she would ■
those Athenian beds as excellent . . •. but experience Is a great teacher
makes one reflect upon the people who year in and year out have
no beds at all, poor things. . . . Well, it made one glad if one did have
bed even If it was at the time on the other side .if the world.
... If she ever reached it she did not know what could ever induce her
to leave it again. . . . She would never b< induced
"'lnduced!'" snarled the professor. The word represented to him a
practiced feminine misusage of truth, and at Buch his white warlock al
ways arose. "'lnduced!' Out of four American women I have seen
lately you seem to be the only one who would cay thai you had endured
this thing because you had been 'induced' by others to come over here.
Mrs. Wainwright fixed her husband with a steely eye. She saw oppor
tunity for a shattering retort. "You don't mean. Harrison, to include
Marjory and 1 in the same breath with those two women?"
The" professor saw no danger ahead for himself. He merely answered:
"I had nu thought either way. It did not seem important."
"Well it is Important," snapped Mrs. Wainwright. "Do you know
that you are speaking ln the same breath of Marjory and Nora Black,
the actress." ... ...
"No," Bald the professor. 'Ts that so?" He was astonished, but he
was not aghast at all. "Do you mean to say t+iat is Nora Black, the
comic opera star': "
"That's exactly who she is," said Mrs. Wainwright dramatically. And
I consider that— l i ■ nsider that Rufus Coleman has done no less than—
misled us."
This last declaration wm'd to have no effect upon the professors
pure astonishment, but Marjory looked at her mother BUddenly. However,
she said nu word, exhibiting again that strange ami inscrutable counte
nance which niaskt <i even the tiniest of her maidenly emotions.
Mrs. Wainwright was triumphant, and she immediately set about cele
brating her victory. "Men never see tnose things." she said to her hus
band. "Men ii' ■ nose things. You would have gone on f<
without finding <mt that your— your— hospitality was being abused by that
Rufus Coleman."
The professor woke up. "Hospitality?" he said indignantly. H< --
pltality" 1 have not had any hospitality to be abused. Why don't you
talk sense? it Is noi that, hut— it might — " He hesitated and then spoke
slowly. "It might be very awkward. Of course, one never knows any
thing definite about Buch people, but'] suppose . . . Anyhow, it was
strange in Coleman to allow her to rr>e<>t us."
"It was all a prearranged plan," answered the triumphant Mrs. Wain
wright. "She came here im purpose to meet Kufus Coleman, and he knew
it. and I should not wonder if they had not the exact spot picked out
where they w< re going to meet."
"I can hardly believe that," said the pfnfossor ln distress. "I can
hardly believe that. It does not seem to me that Colema.n — "
"On, yes. Your dear Uufus coleman." cried Mrs. Wainwright. "You
think he is very tine now. But 1 can remember when you didn't
th'nk "
And the parents turned together nnd abashed looked at their daughter.
The professor actually flushed with shame. U seemed to him that h
Just committed an atrocity upon the heart of his child. The instinct of
each of them was to go v"> her and console her in their arms. She noted
It immediately, and seemed to fear it. She spoke In a clear and even
voice. "! don't think, father, that you should humiliate me by suppos
ing that T am concerned at all If Mr. Coleman cares to get Nora Black
over here."
"Not at all?" stuttered the professor. "I '
Mrs. Wainwright's consternation turned suddenly to anger. "He is a
ecai epoat. A rascal. A— a "
"Oh," pnid Marjory coolly, "I don't see why it isn't his own affair. He
didn't really present her to you. mother, you remember? She seemed quite
to force heY way at first, and thf>n you— you did the rest. It should be
very easy to avoid her. now that we arf out of the wilderness. And then it
becomes a private matter of Mr. Coleman's. For my part. 1 rather liked
her. I don't see such a dreadful calamity."
"Marjory!" exclaimed her mother. "Flow dreadful. Liked her! Don't
let me hear you say such shocking things."
"I fall to see anything shocking, " answered Marjory stolidly.
The professor was looking helplessly fn.m his daughter to his wife, and
from his wife to his daughter, like a man who was convinced that his
troubles would never end. This new catastrophe created a different kind
of difficulty, but he considered that the difficulties were as robust as had
been the preceding ones. He put on his hat and went out of the room
He felt an impossibility of saying anything to Coleman, but he. felt that
he must look upon him. He must look upon this man and try to know
from his manner the measure of guilt. And Incidentally he longed for the
machinery of a finished society which prevents Its parts from clashing,
prevents it with its great series of law upon law, easily operative, but re
lentless. Here ho felt ns a man flung into the jungle with his wife and
daughter, where they could become the victims of any sort of savagery.
His thought referred once more to what he considered the invaluable ser
vices of Coleman, and as he observed them in conjunction with the present
accusation he was simply dazed. It was then possible that one man could
play two such divergent parts. He had not learned this at Washurst
But no; the world was not such a bed of putrefaction. He would not be
lieve If he would not believe it.
Aft^r adventures which require great nervous endurance it is only upon
the second or third night that the common man sleeps hard. The students
had expected to slumber like dogs on the first night after their trials but
none slept long, and few slept soundly.
Coleman was the first man to rise. When he left the room the stu
dents were just beginning to blink. He took his dragoman among the
shops and he bought there all the little odds and ends which might go to
make up the best breakfast in Arta. If he had had news of certain talk
he probably would not have been playing dragoman for eleven people
Instead he would have been buying breakfast for one. During his
absence tho students arose and performed their frugal toilets. Consider
able attention was paid to Coke by the others "He made a monkey of
you," said Peter Tounley with unction. He twisted you until you looked
like a wet gray rag. You had better leave this wise guy alone."
It waa not the night nor was It meditation that had taught Cope any
thing, but he seemed to have learned something from the mere lapse of
time. In appearance he waa eubdued, but he managed to make a tem
porary jauntiness as he naid: "Oh I don t know.
"We'll, you ought to know," said he who was called Blllle. "You ought
to know. You made an egregious snark of yourself Indeed, you some
times resembles a boojum. Anyhow, you were a plain chump. You ex
ploded your face about something of which you knew nothing, and I'm
»- — If I' believe you'd make even a good retriever.
Crane
"You're a half-bred water spaniel," blurted Peter Tounlcy. "And," he
added musingly, "that is a pretty low animal."
Cuke was argumentative. "Why am I?" he asked, turning his head
from side ro side. "I don't sop whore I was so wrong."
"Oh. dances, balloons, picnics, parades and ascensions," they retorted
profanely. "You swam voluntarily into water that was too deep for you.
Swim out. Get dry. Mere's a towel."
Coke, smitten in the face with a wet cloth rolled into a ball, grabbed
it and Hung it futtlely at a well dodging companion. "No," he cried, "I
don"t see it. Now, look here, I don't see why we shouldn't all resent this
Nora Black business."
one student said: "Well, what's the matter with Nora Black, any
how?"
Another student said: "I don't see how you've been issued any license
to say things about Nora Black."
Another student said dubiously: "Well, he knows her well."
And then three or four spoke at once. "He was very badly rattled
wht n she appeared upon the scene. "
Peter Tounley asked: "Well, which of you people know anything wrong
about Nora Black?"
There was a pause, and then C/ite said: "Oh, of course— l don't know
but "
He who was called Billie then addressed his companions. "It wouldn't
be right to Bpeak any old lie about Nora Black, and by the same token
It wouldn't be right to s>«e old Mother Wainwright chummin' with her.
There is no wisdom hi going further than that. Old Mother Walnwright
don't know that her fair companion of >• sterday la the famous comic opera
star. For my part, I believe that Coleman is simply afraid to tell her. I
don't think he wished to see Nora Black yesterday any more than he
wished to see the devil. The discussion, as I understand it— concerned
Itself only with what Coleman had to do with the thing, and yesterday
anybody could see that lie was In a panic."
They heard a step on the Ptair, and directly Coleman entered, followed
by his dragoman. They were laden with the raw material for breakfast.
The correspondent looked keenly among the students, f<>r it was plain
that they had been talking of him. It filled him with rage, and for a
stifling moment he could not think why he failed to immediately decamp In
chagrin and leave eleven orphans to whatever fate their general Incompe
tence might lead them. It struck him as a deep Bhame that even then he
and his paid man were carrying in the breakfast. He wanted to fling it
mi the tlnor and walk out. Then he remembered Marjory. She was the
reason. She was the reason for everything.
Bui he could nut repress certain of bis thoughts. "Say, you people." he
said icily, "you had better soon learn to hustle for yourselves. I may be a
dragoman, and a butl< r, and a cook, and a housemaid, but I'm blowed if
J'm a wetnurse." In reality be had taken the most generous pleasure In
working for the others before their eves had even be<T opened from sleep,
but it was now all turned to wormwood. It is certaain that even this
could not have deviated this executive man from labor and management
because th'-se were his lif>-. Hut he felt that he was about to walk out
of the room, consigning them all to Hades. His glance of angry reproach
fastened Itself mainly upon Peter Tounley. because he knew that of all
Peter was the most innocent.
Peter Tounley was abased by this glance. "So you've brought us some
thing to eat, old man. That is tremenodusly nice of you — we— appreciate
it like— ev< rything."
Coleman was mollified by Peter's tone. Peter had had that emotion
which is equivalent to a sense of guilt, although in reality he was speech
less. Two or three of the other students bobbed up to a sense of the
situation. They ran to Coleman, and with polite cries took his provisions
from him. One dropped a bunch of lettuce on the floor, and others re
proached him with scholastic curses. Coke was Beated near the window,
half militant, half conciliatory. It was impossible for him to keep up a
manner of deadly enmity while Coleman was bringing in his breakfast.
He would have much preferred that Coleman had not brought in his break
fast. He would have much preferred to have foregone breakfast alto
gether. He would have much preferred anything. There seemed to be a
conspiracy of circumstance to put him in the wrong and make him appear
as a ridiculous young peasant. He was the victim of a benefaction, and
he hatod Coleman harder now than at any previous time. He saw that if
he stalked out and took his breakfast alone In a cafe, the others would
consider him still more of an outsider. Coleman had expressed himself
like a man of the world and a gentleman, and Coke was convinced that
he was a superior man of the world and a superior gentleman, but
that he simply hnd not had words to express his position at the proper
time. Coleman was glib. Therefore, Coke had been the victim of an
THE SUNDAY CALL.
attitude as well as of a benefaction. And so he deeply hated Coleman.
The others were talking cheerfully. "What the deuce are these, <-°l e -
man? Sausages? Oh, my. And look at these burlesque rishes. Say, tnese
Greeks don't care what they eat. Them thar' things am sardines in tne
crude state. No? Great God, look at those things. Look. What? \es,
they are. Radishes. Greek synonym for radishes."
The professor entered. "Oh." he said apologetically, as if he were in
truding in a boudoir. All his serious desire to probe Coleman to the oot
tom ended in embarrassment. Mayhap it was not a law of feeling, but it
happened at any rate. He had come in a puzzled frame of mind, even an
accusative frame of mind, and a'most immediately he found himself suffer
ing like a culprit before his judge. It is a phenomenon of what we call
guilt and innocence.
Coleman welcomed him cordially. "Well, professor, good morning.
I've rounded up some things that at least may be eaten."
"You are very good; very considerate. Mr. Coleman," answered the pro
fessor hastily. "I am sure we are much indebted to you." He had
scanned the correspondent's face, and it had -been so devoid of guile that
he was fearful that his suspicion, a base suspicion, of this^noble soul
would be detected. "No, no; we can never thank you enough."
Some of the students began to caper with a sort of decorous hilarity
before their teacher. "Look at the sausage, professor. Did you ever see
Buch sausage? Isn't It salubrious? And see these other things, sir.
Aren't they curious? I shouldn't wonder if they were alive. Turnips sir.
No, sir. I think they are Pharisees. 1 have seen a Pharisee. look like a
pelican, but I have never seen a Pharisee look like a turnip, so I think
these turnips must be Pharisees, sir. Yes, they may be walrus. We re not
sure. Anyhow, their angle.- are geometrically all wrong. Peter, look
out." Some green stuff was flung across the room. The professor laughed;
Coleman laughed. Despite Coke, dark-browed, sulking, and yet desirous
of reinstating himself, the room had waxed warm with the old college
feeling, the feeling of lads who seemed never to treat anything respect
fully, and yet at the same time managed to treat the real things witn re
spect. The prufessor himself contributed to their wild carouse over tne
strange Greek viands. It was a vivacious moment common to this class
in times of relaxation, and it was understood perfectly.
Oke arose. "I don't fee that I have any friends here, he said
hoarsely, "and in consequence I don't see why I should remain here..
All looked at him. At the same moment Mrs. Wainwnght and Marjor>
entered the room.
CHAPTER XX.
"Good-morning," said Mrs. Wainwright jovially to the students, and
then she stared at Coleman as if he were a sweep at a wedding.
"Good-morning," said Marjory. _ .
Coleman and the students made reply. "Good-morning. Good-morn
ing. Good-morning. Good-morning—" . 
It was curious to sea this greeting, this common phrase this bit nfold
ware, this antique, come upon a dramatic scene and pulverize it. Notmns,
remained but a ridiculous dust. Coke, glowering, with his lips still trem
bling from heroic speech, was an angry clown, a pantaloon in rage isotn-
Ing was to be done to keep him from looking like an ass. He strode toward
the door mumbling about a walk before breakfast. • . ,
Mrs. Wainwright beamed upon him. "Why, Mr. Coke, not before
breakfast? You surely won't have time." It was grim punishment He
appeared to go blind, and he fairly staggered out of the door mumbling
again, mumbling thanks or apologies or explanations. About the niouth
of Coleman played a sinister smile. The professor cast upon his
wife a glance expressing -weariness. Tt was as if he said: "There you go
again. You can't keep your foot out of it." She understood the glance,
and so she asked blankly: "Why, what's the matter? Oh." Her belated
mind grasped that It was an aftermath of the quarrel of Coleman and
Coke. . Marjory looked as if she was distressed in the belief that her
mother had been stupid. Coleman was outwardly serene. It was Peter
Tounley who finally laughed a cheery, healthy laugh and they all looked
at him with gratitude as if his sudden mirth had been a real statement
of reconciliation and consequent peace.
The dragoman and others disported themselves until a breakfast was
laid upon the floor. The adventurers squatted upon the floor. They made
a large company. The professor and Coleman discussed the means 6T get
ting to Athens. Peter Tounley. Sat next, to Marjory. "Peter," she said
privately, "what was all this, trouble between Co'leman and (Joke?" '
Peter answered blandly: "Oh. nothing at all. Nothing at all."
"Well, but—" she persisted, "what was the cause of it?"
He looked at her quaintly. He was not one of those in love with her,
but he was interested in the affair. "Don't you know?" he asked.
She understood from his manner that she had been some kind of an
Issue in the quarrel. "No," she answered hastily. "I don't."
"Oh. I don't mean that," said Peter. "I only meant— l only meant—
oh, well, it was nothing— really."
"It must have been about something," continued Marjory. She contin
ued because Peter had denied that she was concerned in it. "Whose
fault?"
"I really don't know. It was all rather confusing," lied Peter tran
quilly.
Coleman and the professor decided to accept a plan of the correspond
ent's dragoman to start soon on the first stage of the Journey to Athens
The dVagoman had said, that he had found two large carriages rentable*
Coke,. the outcast, walked alone in the narrow streets. The flight of
the Crown Prince's army from Larlssa had just been announced in Arta
but Coke was probably the most woebegone object on the Greek peninsula
He encountered a strange sight on the streets. A woman garbed in
the style for walking of an afternoon on Upper Broadway was aDnroarh
ing him through a mass of kilted mountaineers and soldiers In soiled over
coats. Of course he recognized Nora Black. ° °>er
. In his conviction that everybody in the world was at this time conoid
erlng him a mere worm he was sure that she would not heed him Re
yond that he had been presented to her notice in but a transient and our
sory fashion. But contrary to his conviction she turned a radiant smi«
upon him. "Oh " she said brusquely, "you are one of the students rSmi
morning." In her manner was all the confidence of an old warrior »'
veteran, who addresses the universe with assurance because oT his past
Coke grinned at this strange greeting. "Yes, Mies Black" *» «„
B-wered, "I am one of the students.' 5^ **iacK, &• an
i.«. Sh - dld not seem to qultQ know how to formulate her next «n^^
"Er-I suppose you are going to Athens at 'You mvs t h« P^. Ch^
after your horrid experiences." " ■ *. must De glad
"I believe they are going to start for Athens to-day " said p n v»
wit?° t r a SaII attentlOn ' '" They>?>> she "PeatST" "A^Tou going
"Well," he' Bald. • • • Well - t.- - -
had been a story that he could ha\e told JNora. ±Ie was had Insulted
the. fact that he had got *»™self In i idn ot think of it at that time. The
the name of the girl at his side He did not^tmnK 01 h im and he only had
whole thing was now extremely vagUM " „. nte d her to cheer him.
a dull feeling of misery and^lonel nos*. H. « c
Nora laughed again Wh .5 ou re a »*"££,£ nursery quar
to say you've come out here "I**** *"£*<£] not contain the cheering ha
ili 5K. I ?«S'ftKffiW i ar llttle kid> " he said
was watching him closely.
"Who?" said Coke.
Jpis i^|gpSi^|-»
tha »bh! ?? £M a No«. "I've, known Rufus Coleman for years, and he la
always rowing with people." . .. T f a { r v hate tl a
out. Really I shouldn't. .. -(> nnrrow wav
Nora smiled- humorously "at a house on her side of. the nar row
"I wouldn't wonder if he did. either," she answered After -a she
said: "Well, do you mean to say that you have definitely shaken tnem.
Aren't you going back to Athens with them or anything .
'&£»<s? S&FH rioted* S for d a m ti r m°e el> At last she turned' to him
" C^t>sg^!i^Wv™M** remembered the horrible
faC "Mv << d^b^ n °you V Hre a a 1^ y r> said Nora freely. "You, are a little un
skillfufllar It was some words over a lady, and the lady's name is Mar
3Or> Co V ke i feTt ri a h if' he had suddenly been let out of a cell but he continued
a mechanical denial. "No, no • * It wasn't, truly • upon my
° r 4co*ns*ense," said Nora. "I know better. Don't you think you can fool
me you little cub. I know you're In love with Marjory Wainwright, and
you think Colt-man is your rval. What a blockhead you are! Cant you
understand that people see these things ?"
"Well—" stammered Coke. . - ■'"-.:>• _
"Nonsense," said Nora again. "Don't try to fool me. You may a3
well understand that it's useless. I am too wise."
"Well—" stammered Coke. XT .. , „
"Go ahead," urged Nora. "Tell me about it. Have it out.
He began with great importance and solemnity. "Now, to tell you the
truth * • that is why I hate him • • I hate him like anything. • •
I can't see why everybody admires him so. I don't see anything to him
myself. I don't believe he's got any more principle than a wolf I
wouldn't trust him with two dollars. Why, I know stories about him that
would make your hair curl. When I think of a girl like Marjory—
His speech had become a torrent. But here Nora raised her hand
"Oh! Oh! Oh! That will do. That will do. Don't lose your senses. I
don't see why this girl Marjory is any too good. She is ( no chicken. 111
bet. Don't let yourself get fooled with that sort of thing.
Coleman was unaware of his incautious expressions. He floundered
on, while Nora looked at him as if she wanted to wring his neck. No—
she's too fine and too good— for him or anybody like him— she a too flna
and too good—" . -; \:. M _ „
"Aw, rats," interrupted Nora, furiously. "You make me tired.
Coke had a wooden-headed conviction that he must make Nora under
stand Marjory's infinite superiority to all others of her sex, and so he
passed into a panegyric, each word of which was a hot coal to the girl ad
dressed. Nothing would stop him, apparently. He even made the most
stupid repetitions. Nora finally stamped her foot formidably. Will you
stop? Will you stop?" she said through her clenched teeth. 'Do you
think I want to listen to your everlasting twaddle about her? Why, she s—
she's no better than other people, you ignorant little mamma s boy. She 3
no better than other people, you swab!" .
Coke looked at her with the eyes of a fish. He did not understand.
"But she is better than other people," he persisted.
• Nora seemed to decide suddenly that there would be no accomplish
ment in flying desperately against this rock-walled conviction. "Oh,
well,' she said with marvelous good natuie. "perhaps you are right, num
skull. But look here; do you think she cares for him?"
In his heart, his jealous heart, he believed that Marjory loved Cole
man. but he reiterated eternally to himself that it was not true. As for
speaking it to another, that was out of the question. "No," he said, stoutly,
"she doesn't care a snap for him." If he had admitted it, it would have
seemed to him that he was somehow advancing Coieman's chances.
"Oh, she doesn't, eh?" said Nora enigmatically. "She doesn't? He
studied her face with an abrupt, miserable suspicion, but he repeated
doggedly, "No, she doesn't." M , , ,
"Ahem," replied Nora. "Why. she's set her cap for him all right.
She's after him for certain. It's as plain as day. Can't you see that,
stupidity?"
"No." he said hoarsely. , , ,
'/You are a fool," said Nora. "It isn't Coleman that's after her. It is
she that is after Coleman."
Coke was mulish. "No such thing. Coleman's crazy about her. Every
body has known it ever since he was in college. You ask any of the other
Nora was now very serious, almost doleful. She remained still for a
time, casting at Coke little glances of hatred. "I don't see my way clear
to ask any of the other fellows," she said at last, with considerable bit
terness. "I'm not in the habit of conducting such inquiries."
Coke felt now that he disliked her, and he read plainly her dislike of
him. If they were the two villains of the piny, they were not having fun
together at all. Each had some kind of a deep knowledge that their aspi
rations, far from colliding, were of such character that the success of one
would mean at least assistance to the other, but neither could see how to
confess It. Perhaps it was from shame; perhaps it was because Nora
thought Coke to have little wit: perhaps it was because Coke thought
Nora to have little conscience. Their talk was mainly rudderless. From
time to time Nora had an inspiration to come boldly at the point, but this
Inspiration was commonly defeated by some extraordinary manifestation
of Coke's Incapacity. To her mind. then, it seemed like a proposition to
ally herself to a butcher boy in a matter purely sentimental. She won
dered indignantly how she was going to conspire with this lad, who
puffed out his infantile cheeks in order to conceitedly demonstrate that he
did not understand the game at all. She hated Marjory for It. Evidently
It was only the weaklings who fell in love with that girl. Coleman was
an exception, but then Coleman was misled by extraordinary artifices. She
meditated for a moment if she should tell Coke to go home and not bother
her. What at last decided the question was his unhappiness. She clung to
this unhappiness for its value as it stood alone, and because its reason for
existence was related to her own happiness. "You say you are not going
back to Athen with your party. I don't suppose you're going to stay
here. I'm going back to Athens to-day. I came up here to see a battle,
but it doesn't seem that there are to be any more battles. The fighting
will now all be on the other side of the mountains." Apparently she had
learned in some haphazard way that the Greek peninsula was known by a
spine of almost Inaccessible mountains, and the war was thus split Into
two simultaneous campaigns. The Arta campaign was known to be
ended. "If you want to go back to Athens without consorting with your
friends you had better go back with me. I can take you in my carriage as
far as the beginning of the railroad. Don't you worry. You've got money
enough, haven't you? The professor isn't keeping your money?"
"Yes " he said slowly. "I've got money enough."
In their abstracted walk they had arrived in front of the house occu
pied by Coleman and the Wainwright party. Two carriages, forlorn in
dusty age, stood before the door. Men were carrying out new leather lug
gage and Singing it into the traps amid a great deal of talk which seemed
to refer to nothing. Nora and Coke stood looking at the scene without
either thinking of the importance of running away, when out tumbled
"seven students, followed immediately but in more decorous fashion by
the WainwriKhts and Coleman. :- ; .
Some student set up a whoop. "Oh, there he is. There's Coke. Hey,
Coke, where you been? Here he is. profssor."
CHAPTER XXI.
Nora and Coke were an odd looking pair at the time. They stood in
deed as if rooted to the spot, staring vacuously, like two villagers, at the
surprising travelers. It was not an eternity before the practiced girl of
the stage recovered her poise, but to the end of the incident the green
youth looked like a culprit and a fool. Mr?. Wainwright's glower of of
fensive incredulity was a masterpiece. Marjory nodded pleasantly; the
professor nodded. The seven students clambered boisterously into the
forward carriage, making it clang with noise like a rook's nest. They
shouted to Coke: "Come on; all aboard; come on. Coke; we're off. Hey,
:here. Cokey, hurry up." The professor, as soon as he had seated himself
on the forward seat of the second carriage, turned in Coke's general direc
tion and asked formally, "Mr. Coke, are you or arp you not coming with
us?" He felt seemingly much in doubt as to the propriety of abandoning
the headstrong young man. and this doubt was not at all decreased by
Coke' a appearance with Nora Black. As far as he could tell, any asser
tion of authority on his part would end only in a scene in which Coke
would probably insult him with some gross violation of collegiate conduct.
As at first the young man made no reply, the professor, after waiting,
spoke again. "You understand, Mr. Coke, that if you separate yourself
from the party you encounter my strongest disapproval, and if I did not
feel responsible to the college and your father for your safe journey to
New York I— l don't know but what I would have you expelled by cable
if that were possible."
Although Coke had been silent and Nora Kind; had had the appear
ance of being silent in reality she had lowered her chin and whispered
sideways and swiftly. She had said: "Now here's your time. Decide
quickly, and don't look such a wooden Indian."
Coke pulled himself together with a visible effort and spoke to the pro
fessor from an Inspiration in which he had no faith. "I understand my
rluties to you. sir. perfectly. 1 also understand my duty to the college.
Bui T fail to see where either of these obligations require me to accept the
introduction of objectionable people Into the party. Tf I owe a duty to the
college and to you. J don't owe any to Coleman, and. as I understand it,
Col.man was not in the original plan of this expedition. If such had been
the case I would not have been here. 1 can't tell what the college may
see fit to do, but as for my father. I have no doubt of how he will view it. ;>
The first one to be electrified by the speech was Coke himself. He saw
with a kind of sub-conscious amazement this volley of bird shot take effect
upon the face of the old professor. The face of Marjory Hushed crimson,
as if her mind had sprung to a fear that if Coke could develop ability in
ibis singular fashion he might succeed In humiliating her father intha
street in the presence of ihe seven students, her mother, Coleman and—
herself. She had felt the bird shot stirg her father.
When Coke had launched forth. Coleman. with his legs stretched far
apart, had just -struck a match on the wall of the house and was about to
light a cigar. His groom was leading up his horse. He saw the vain.' of
Coke's argument more appreciatively and sooner perhaps than did Coke.
The match dropped from his fingers, and in the white sunshine and stili
air it burned on the pavement orange-colored and with languor Coleman
held his cigar with all five fingers— in a maaner out of all the Hw« '
smoking. He turned toward Coke. Their was danger in the moment but
then in a flash it came upon him that his role was not of squabbling with
Coke, far less of punching him. On the contrary, he wad to (< t the I
of a cool and instructed nian who refused to be waylaid into foolishness I
the outcries of this pouting youngster and who placed himself in comDlete
deference to the wishes of the professor. Before the professor had time
to embark upon any reply to Coke, Coleman was at the side of the car
riage and with a fine assumption of distress was saving- "Professor I
could very easily ride back to Agrinion alone. It would 'be all right.' I
To bis surprise the professor waved at him to be silent as if he were
a mere child. The old man's face was set with the resolution of ex 5
8 P'ns.to say to Coke. He began in measured tone? si
with feeling, but with no trace of anger: "Mr. Coke it has broba
caped your attention that Mr. Coleman. at what I consider^ g£?
peril to himself, came out to rescue this party-yo«i and others
though he studiously disclaims all merit in his finding us ard 1 ri
m I do not regard it in that way. and i am surprised that any mer
this party should conduct himself in this manner tow "• -j -, \ ■ i
been most devotedly and generously a. our service " It wa^aTth
that the professor raised himself and shook his finger at Cote hi
now ringing with scorn. In such moments words came to htaTand
themselves into sentences almost too rapidly for him s v X
"\ou are one of the most remarkable products of our chi iz-.t n
have yet come upon. What do you mean, sir" Where a£? your
Do you think that all this pulling and pucking is manhood- Tw'V, ■
what I will do with you. I thought I brought out eight students ,
but when I find that I brought out seven students in
outang-don't get angry, sir-1 don't care for your a^cr-l I
discover this I am naturally puzzled for a moment I will 1.
the judgment of your peers. Young gentlemen!"
ahW. 1 1"? seven heads of the forward carriage none hid tn he turned.
AH had been turned since the beginning of the t-Uk i- tl
, Continued Next Week.THE LATEST WRINKLES IN THE ART OF HOUSEKEEPING
THE WAY A DRESSING TABLE
SHOULD BE ARRANGED. AND
A EEW HINTS ON MAKING A
CHEAP ONE THAT WILL BE
A 5 ARTISTIC AND PRETTY
A 5 THE MOST ' EXPENSIVE.
Conducted
ft T has been said that a dressing-table
larrangedI arranged according to its owner's in
arrang ■■ n g to its owner's ln-
dividual fancy is a true index, to an
observant person, of . that owner's
character, disposition and personality.
"V\ hethor or not this statement. In its
broader sense, is wholly true j a an open
Question. # . be in our generation
many of the Sherlock Holmes kind who
can read whatever they please from per
fectly blank pages, but certain it is that
It Is a very simple task indeed to discover
by a mere passing glance at its appurten
ances and surroundings whether this very
necessary article of furniture is devoted
exclusively to the use of a man or a
woman.
The man who owns and operates a toilet
table is very apt to think of It more in 'a
utilitarian than a decorative light. .He
likes the covering to be something flat
and smooth, without fluffy obstructions
to free-arm motions, or rows' of tang
ling fringe to catch on vest buttons or
wind about watch chains. He likes the
top broad enough to give a clear field for
his shaving utensils— if he be Napoleonic
enough to prefer to shave himself— and
ha wants an otherwise unpre-empted
epaco upon which to place a bottle of his
favorite mineral water, a glass and a
book of which he knows well enough to
make a friend. If there be a mat
thereon it must assuredly be one which
will "stay put" and not go flying about
y with every idle breeze or care
less a shirtsleeve.
This Is a man's ideal arrangement of a
r; but a woman's is entirely dif
• She likes— if she be financially
•o have her own sweet way
ive upon the p'
top of her I stand a fitted
covering of softest and thickest felt, over
which is spread a silken covering the
color of which matches, or harmonizes
with, {he color scheme of the rest of her
tment'a furnishings. Over this again
■••lights to a flowing
which is either a marvel of drawn-work,
delicate a: "'igh to delight
the heart of Arachne herself, or heavy
v eh richest and nv>st elaborate em
.ged with lace of a quality
ghta her heart every time she
glances at it.
Should she be luxuriously fond of per
fumes—fond enough to like to have the at
m"Sph>"Te of her own personal domain
ever haunted by a faint hint of sweet
odors she will substitute a sachet-pad for
that first covering of felt and silk. This
pad is made of two vory thin, oblong
pieces of cotton batting cut to fit the top
Qt h*.- :d placed together, a gen
erous portion of the very best sachet pow
der being c B ietween th<=-m and the
wholo cover<--d*with liberty, or china, silk,
and there and blind
ed around the edges.
9 of this kind fitted into the bottoms
of each drawer will, in the estima;.
many persons, add a special ch;trm I
ertire affair but care must be tak^n that
the odor selected is not too sir
inpleaslng. It n -
I -.hat wh< •
u=ed they should always appear .1- mere
cu'e^e-tio'ns and never, either I
Its. The : •
finem*»nt bf ' ian can usually I
tlrnated by the daintiness with whl<
deals with this delightful but dangerous
Question of manufactured fragrance.
TRAVELING GOWNS AND
IDEAS ON FASHIONS
Pale doe-colored and tan covert suit
ings are among the best of the new trav
eling dress models, together with dark
blue or elephant gray alpacas and serv
iceable checks and shepherd nlaids. For
those who yield to the prevailing craze
for brown there are lightweight cloths in
chestnut and red-browns, some very
beautlful and others too conspicuous for
the railway. Cold-looking and pretty
suits are made from the new UKhtJaA
suss
itillil
straight or se™ «onafent length of the
those who are heartily tirec^ <« ted
others who adhere to bro
•"SFSS safe o3£ should »'
IS important tj.ac^-^^
t!"kc ;i"oOer : S with "ik thr«d to match
mama
niching.
by Deborah Deans.
The feminine belongings generally found
on a dresser top include a pretty pincush
ion, a generous capacious bottle of re
freshing toilet water, a little jar of coin
cream, a vinaigrette, a powder box and
puft" and a hairbrush not massive enough
of br.c-lc am! handle to tire the delicate
hand and wrist of its owners but with Ion?
white bristles softly firm enough to make
Its frequent use on silken Uresses as much
of a pleasure as it is a necessity.
In the case of a dresser devoted to the
needs of madame or mademoiselle we i an
imagine the capacious lower drawers full
of dainty lingerie, the convenient closets
as receptacles for lace?, ril.bons and other
charming et ceteraa of feminir." toilet;
ar.d the upper compartment given over
to the various implements and appurte
nances the use of which is intended to
enhance the natural charms of the fair
owner. Monsieur would fairly revel in
the opportunities here afforded for the
laying away <>£ pajamas and under
garments, snowy linen, and neckties. And
the upper drawer in which, along with his
combs and brushes, he could- keep pris
oned a whole box of collar buttons, would
seem to him an absolute blessing.
The two photographs here used to illus
trate the different arrangements pleasing
to masculine and feminine eyes and ideas
re furnished by the courtesy of the Em
porium.
Now while a dresser like these de
scribed is certainly a most desirable
article, it is quite "possible for persona
of limited means to contrive at very small
expense a substitute therefor which will
meet all the requirements of daily lifts
besides being pretty enough to please even
the most fastidious. I kr.qw a Stanford
co-ed who is '"baching it" and has just
the daintiest ar. I 1 I -r.venient dress
ing table imaginable ma<le out of an old
: bureau-washstand with
the towel bars and top railing taken off,
leaving it perfectly plain. Directly over
this she has set an ordinary deal table
without leaves, but boasting- a capacious
drawer. The whole affair is prettily
stained, and the three drawers in the
hosed washstand, and the one
in the table, give her plenty of space in
which to put ■" "pretties."
: and a pretty scarf adorn
the wide and commodious table top, and
an oblong mirr r quality is hung
by ribbons from the wall and rests on her
r" at Just the
right angle to reflect her pretty ta<
figure as Bhe sits at ease in a low chair
imbs out her '•bunny brown hair."
Another girl of linn but unlim
ited Invention has I ir packing
boxes and laid them one on the other with
the open sides to the front. Pieces of
smooth, thin board daftly fitted In here
and there divide the interiors into com
partment?, and the whole is curtained
with pretty pale blu«> satin, over which
) an artistic spangle of pink eglan
tine." Instead of felt or sachet pad a
double thickness of canton flannel cush
ions th« board top. This la covered with
the satine. and over this there is a cov
ering of sheer white Swiss ruffled about
Iges. The mirror arrangement Is the
- rase mentioned, and
tl c whole effect Is charmingly pretty.
whil" the "toilet table" thus evolved Is
most emphatically useful. Seeing what
Th«s>-> two enterprising young women have
ible to crf-p.rv otir of almost nothing
ought to Yip a iV^tinrt encouragement to
the many who let "can't afford" conquer
"T want" every day of their lives. Even
where the dollar's ar<- Inconveniently
scarce a little Ingenuity, energy and taste
combined will accomplish wonders In the
way of makiner an otherwise bare anri
cheerless room look attractive and cozily
inviting.
Suppose the Journey finished and the
trunks delayed or the fatigue of unpack
ing not at once to be undertaken, there
is the chance to draw from one's hand
luggage a more dressy vest of mousse
line de soie over taffeta or China silk, giv
ing almost the relief and freshness of a
change of costume. Some pretty vest* of
this sort are cat low and double breasted
and worn with a chemisette of finely
tucked muslin and a crepe de chine sailor
knot edged by a fine silk fringe.
■ m ■
Some very lovely gowns trimmed with
narrow Valenciennes of an inexpensive
quality are not as .expensive as they are
elaborate, and any one who has a knack
for sewing upon rows of ruffles, edging
them with lace, and then putting them
on a skirt, will be successful with those
models. They are usually of the yel
low Valenciennes. Dozens of little ruf
fles, very narrow and edged with this very
narrow lace, are put upon a white nain
sook skirt. The skirt is white, but the ruf
fles and the lace edging them are decid
edly yellow. Then there is a polonaise,
or rather tunic, of white nainsook, which
may have Insertions of the Valenciennes
lace about Its flowing edges, or may not.
If It does not the tunic appears to be a
part of the underskirt — Is, It Is fas
tened to the top of the ruffled skirt, and
the ruffles come out from It like foam.
The tunic meets at the waist and Is
pointed in front— that Is, meets in a point,
bo that the yoke and shoulders are cov
ered with these little ruffles, and the
collar is - of lace and nainsook. The ruf
fles usually fall over the tops of the
sleeves, which are made of row upon row
of Insertions of nainsook and lace. Th«
result is a diaphanous dream of a gown.
The time consumed In making It will
never show, and a modiste will have to
charge a good round sum to get adequate
compensation for her work. If iv wearer
makes it she can leave her own valuable
time- out of the bill.
97/iscafianoous Sood Uht'ngs.
SWEETBREADS WITH SCRAMBLED
EGGS— BoiI the sweetbreads half an
hour, drain and allow to cool. Remove
the skin and cut In small pieces. Place
about two tablespoonfuls of olive oil In
a frying pan, when hot add the sweet
breads. Allow to heat and break three
eggs. Stir constantly until done and
serve on slices of buttered toast.
OYSTER AND CHICKEN PlE— Skin a
email chicken after cutting in small
pieces. Mix one heaping tablespoonful of
flour with a small piece of butter; place
In a frying pan. add the chicken and a
cupful of hot water. Cook slowly for
half an hour, season with salt anu pepper.
When done put in a baking dish one
layer of oysters and a little minced
bacon. Add a layer of chicken and so
on, alternating: until the dish is
ti.en pour over the chicken broth, cover
with paste and bake thirty-five minutes.
MACARONI AND TOMATO SAT' ':
Cook the macaroni ten minutes, drain,
and pour over the following sauce: C iok
the contents of one can of tomatos
thirty minutes. Season with salt, pap
rika, a little garlic or onion. Run through
a fine sieve Place in a saucepan, aiding
some butter, when hot pour over ;
ronl and Sprinkle the top with grated
cheese and brown.
AN APPETIZING MENU TOR MONDAY AND
THE WAY TO PREPARE IT.
MONDAY— BREAKFAST.
Fruit.
Oatmeal. Cream.
Chipped beef.
Potato balls. Coffee.
Corn bread.
CHIPPED BEEF— Cut the beef into
small pieces, place on stove, cover with
water and allow to simmer a few minutes.
Drain and add a piece of butter the size
of an egg; when melted stir in two heap
ing tablespoonfuls of flour; mix well and
add two pints of milk. Season with pep
per and. salt if needed. Pour over but
tered toast and serve.
POTATO RALLS— Mash the potatoes
well, add a little ilour. pat into shape, dip
in fluur and cook in hot fat.
CORN BREAD— Sift half a pound of
flour and half a pound of cornmeal, add
ing a little salt; beat two f-ggs a piece of
butter the size of a walnut and a little
sugar together; add to the flour, with
enough milk to make a thin batter; baka
in a quick oven.
LUNCHEON.
Shrimp salad.
Lambs* liver. French potatoes.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
CT'RRIED LAMB— Cut Into small
pieces one pound and a half of lamb.
Brown in a frying pan and season with
salt pepper and a little mint; add a small
glassful of red or white wine and three
teaspoonfuls of curry; cook slowly half
an hour and brown. Pour In a heated
dish and serve with rice.
BAKED EGGS— Mince about half a
pound of ham and add almost the same
quantity of cracker crumbs. Moisten
with a little water and place in an agate
pan. Make a place for an t-^s: by scoop
ing out four holes. Break slowly in each
hole an egg; sprinkle with salt, cayenne
and butter. Place in oven and serve when
hot.
OYSTER OMELET— Stew the r.ysters
in th-ir liquor for six minutes; tak< out
the ■ : thicken th«* liquid with
butter and rlour; season with salt ar.d
paprika. Chop the oysters and add them;
simmer until sauce is thick. Beat the
eggs, turn into a pan and cook. When
done place on hot dish, turn over the
oysters and serve,
ED RICE— -Fry two sliced onions
. a tablespoonful of curry
: d one pint r.° beef Btock; stew
until - are tender: add one cup
. d '".nm. simmur a tew
minutes and add eight hard boiled eggs
chopped line. Heat and serve.
Green corn fritters.
Preserved peach"*. Cake.
Tea.
SHRIMP SALAD— Arrange the lettuce
leaves In the dish; put in the shrimps,
adding a little Chopped celery and pap*
rika; - yolk of an egg over when
res D{ l.eetj pound in.
LAMB'S LIVER— Cut the liver into thin
slices and boil; pour over some m<
butter wh^n done.
FRENCH POTATOES— Cut the potatoes
into long, narrow pieces and fry in smok
ing hot fat.
GREEN CORN FRITTERS— Press out
th" pu p ' the corn with the back "f a
knffp. Beat two eggs and add salt and
paprika, the corn pulp and enough flour
to mak" a thick batter. Drop tablespoon
fuls in hot fat, cooking a light brown.
DINNER.
Cream tomato soup.
Roast beef. Browned potatoes.
Lettuce salad.
Macaroni. Cucumbers.
Apple cream pie.
Coffee.
Cheese
CHEESE SALAD DRESSING— Into the
yolks or" four hard-boiled eggs rub four
tablespoonfuls of olive oil. Add one
teaspoonful of grated Parmesan cheese,
one of vinegar, one of mustard and one
of arragon. This makes a small amount.
To make more, use more oil and eggs.
CHEESE FONDU— BoiI <>ne pint of
milk add iwo balls of butter. Moisten
two tabli spoonfuls of flour with milk,
stir into the milk and set aside to cool.
l>. :tt yolks of four eggs, adding salt,
pepper and half a small cup of grated
Mix with the thickened milk:
;.<!<! the : <-:iten whites. Pour into a but
tered tin Lined with paper and bake
twi nty-flve minutes. Serve immediately.
POTTED CHEESE— Crumble one pound
of rich cheese and mash smooth in a
mortar. Add mie-third of a pound of
butter, one tablespoonful of powdered
sugar, one level teaspoonful of mace,
blending all together; then add one
tumblerful of slurry and work into a
smooth pastf. Pack in jars, pouring
: I paraffine over the top.
CHEESE TOAST— MeIt a thin layer of
r in a pan, add one cupful of grated
cheese. Stir un:!l melted. Beat two eggs
Into half a pint of cream, stir into the
cheese, adding some salt. Pour over the
toast and serve immediately.
CREAM TOMATO SOUP— Put In a
stewpan a can of tomatoes, bring to a boil
and run through a sieve; mix one table
spoonful of Hour with butter the size of
an egg; boil two Quarts of milk; stir In
the butter and flour, add tomatoes, and
s..is.>n with salt and pepper. Bring to a
boil and serve.
LETTUCE SALAD— Use nice, tender
lettuce; place In bowl; make a French
dressing 1 , pour over lettuce and Ferve.
MACARONI AND i'HKESE- Break the
toacaronl into small pieces, cover with
v. iter and boll fifteen minutos: turn in a
colander allow to drain. Have
ready one large cup of grated cheese. Put
a layer of macaroni in a baking dish:
drop" In some butter, paprika, salt and a
generous amount of cheese. When the
dish is filled pour in a cupful of rich
milk, sprinkle with cracker crumbs and
bake a light brown.
APPLE CREAM PIE — One pint of
stewed apples, half a cup of sugar, one
cupful of rich cream, a little butter,
beaten yolks of two eggs, hair a glass of
white wine and a little "nutmeg. Mix well
and bake with two crusts.
CHEESE PlE— One pound of cottage
cheese, four eggs, one cupful of granu
lated sugar, two teaspoonfula of flour,
f rated rind of one lemon, one teaspoon
ul of cinnamon, one-quarter teaspoonful
of nutmeg, one tablespoonful of butter.
Beat the yolks of eggs and sugar together
until light, add the flour, spices, lemon
rind and juice, then the cheese rubbed
through a sieve, beat the whites of the
c-fe-ps to a stiff froth, stir th<^m In lightly
H.u<i pour all into a deep pie-pan lined
with rich pastry. Bake in a rather quick
oven.
CHEESE SANDWICHES— Roquefort
cheese is best. Cream a piece of cheese
with half as much butter, season, with
Worcestershire sauce and paprika.
Spread between pieces of bread or on
'CHEESE OMELET— Beat the eggs and
add some grated Parmesan cheese. Turn
into a hot pan, cook, fold and when done
gTate over a little more cheese.
3>ish 'Delicacies.
SALMON SCALLOPS— A pound and a
half of canned salmon, two beaten egg's,
one-half cup of good melted butter, one
half cup of bread crumbs, pepper, salt
and minced parsley. Rub the egg and
seasoning into it. and stir in the hot melt
ed butter. Butter scallop shells or patty
pans, fill with the mixture, cover with
bread crumbs, pounded fine, and put a
lump of butter on each. Brown them in
the oven and serve.
MACKEREL A LA MAITRE D'HOTE
— Take two good medium-sized mackerel
after they are cleaned and wipe them
with a damp napkin. Hake a marinade
with salt, pepper, two chives, a stalk of
parsley leaves and three tablespoons of
olive oil and let the fish remain In It half
an hour. Turn them several times. Take
nut. prill on a slow fire on both sides till
cooked.
MAITRE D'HOTE SAUCE— One-fourth
cup of butter rubbed to a soft cream, and
work into it one-half teaspoonful salt,
one-half saltspoonful of pepper, one and
or.e-half table-spoonfuls of lemon juice,
and a dessertspoonful of finely minced
parsley. Spread upon the hot steak and
allow to stand a moment before serving.
CREAM OYSTERS IN SHELLS— BoiI a
small onion, chopped very fine, in the liq
uor of one quart of oysters. Chop the
oysters and add to the liquor and oni .n
with a teat upful of cream, a little maoe.
a cup of fine cracker crumbs, a table
spoonful of Worcestershire sauce, and
salt to taste. Cook five minutes; thicken
with a full teaspoonful of cornstareh, wet
with a little milk. Let the mixture cool,
then fill the shells and cover with fine
cracker crumW and little bits of butter.
Bake until _ browned.
PERCH— CIean and scale the perch and
leave the milt and liver within. Put very
little water in the fish kettle and add to
It a root and leaves of parsely, salt and
whtte pepper. When the parsley Is cooked
soft put in an ounce of butter, lay in the
fish, cook them gently ten minutes, then
lift out and strain and thickf-n the sauce
and pour on the fish In the serving plate.
ESCALLOPED CLAMS— Having boiled
half a peck of clams till their shells open
of themselves, remove them, drain away
the liquor and chop fine, leaving out the
toughest portion. Season with black pep
per and powdered mace; mix with grated
bread crumbs and fresh butter. Cut same
large clean clam-shells ar.d fill to the edge
with the mixture, moisten with a very
little liquor. Cover the surface with bread
crumbs, and add to each a little bit of
butter. Place in the oven and bake a
light brown.
BROILED OYSTERS— Dry the oysters
and broil. Serve on buttered toast.
INTERESTING ITEMS ON
HOUSEHOLD MATTERS
Tvnonn who live In top fiats and who
nave to climb what seems to them endless
staircases to reach their homes should
not take the matter to heart, for a well
known physician declares that stair
climbing Is the very best thing for the
health when performed In a proper man
ner.
Usually a person treads on the ball of
bis foot In taking each step. This Is very
tiresome and wearying, as it throws the
entire suspended weight of the body on
the muscles of the legs and feet. In walk-
Ing or climbing stairs the risfht method is
to seek for the most equal distribution
possible of the body's weight.
In walking upstairs the feet should be
placed squarely down on each step, heel
and all, and then the work should be per
formed slowly and deliberately. In this
way there is no strain upon any particu
lar muscle, but each one is doing its duty
In a natural manner.
Climbing stairs in this manner is an ex
cellent form of exercise for the lower
limbs, and, provided the chest is thrown
well back and the climber does not get
Into the habit of bending half double
when ascending stairs, is excellent for the
lungs and heart. The latter is excited to
a more rapid action and the lungs get full
play.
The doctor is in the habit of prescribing
systematic stair-climbing for all his pa
tients who are suffering from dyspepsia
or lung trouble, and says that many a
case of incipient consumption has been
cured by the patient having to climb
•tairs.
A clever clothes closet for a woman is
built of wood. One side left open to ad
mit air from window, and the other side
has two full-length mirrors on the inside
of tho two doors. The closet is placed
before a window, allowing light and air
to enter the side, which Is covered either
with netting or cheesecloth, both prevent
ing moths and dust from entering the
closet. Cords and pulleys are so arranged
that the window sash may be raised or
lowered at w4ll. allowing garments Inside
to be thoroughly aired. The skirts hang
ELECTRICAL
RANGES '
PROMISE
TO BE THE
FAD FOR
UP-TO-DATE
COOKS.
Electrical ranges now. Electrical
kitchens with every labor-saving devic*
Imaginable. Xo more coal stoves with
ashes, dirt and smell.
No more ugly gas stoves that have to
be closely watched if one dislikes burned
dinners. Just electrical ranges, orna
mental and time-saving.
Expensive? Quite.
These electrical ranges look very much
like the furniture in a living room. The
heating apparatus is made of soapstone
and on this polished shelf the electrical
cooking utensils stand. Each one has Its
own heater, which is somewhat smaller
than the base of the kettles. The cur
rent is at the back of the tile and taps
the plugs. Each plug has a lever which
regulates the degrees of heat— "hot,"
"medium" and "very hot." No fir© to
build and to sit and wait for. Just press
a button and the whole force goes on
without any preparation. The heat can
be applied at any one place, none being
lost as in an ordinary coal range. The
ovens and plat© warmers are mad« of
block tin trimmed with polished brass.
The ovens have a thermometer and In
the more expensive ranges glass doors.
The surface of an electrical heater
heats very rapidly, in one-half the time
consumed by an ordinary fire and cooks
In the same proportion.
Electrical kitchens are a little more
expensive than ordinary ones, a good one
costing all the way from $120 to $200. The
ovens and plate warmers are most ex
pensive, the oven i coming as high as $70
apiece.
The portable stoves which are to b«
set on the corner of a table, bake hot
cakes a tender and delicious brown.
They are $5, and some of the individuals
$20. Teakettles and coffee pots are $5,
$7 50 to $8. They keep the tea and coffee
hot all through the meal and are the
handiest things imaginable.
The same with the chafing dish, No
more bother with alcohol, that always
spills and never did have an appetizing
odor. The chafing dishes are works of
art and therefore costs money. ' Sixteen to
thirty dollars are their prices.
As for the expense for running an elec
trical range. It differs with the location.
In cities or towns where electricity is
manufactured it is much less expensive
than either coal or gas. :
An ordinary coal range uses from 75
cents to a dollar's worth of coal a day for
a medium-sized family. In the hands of
an inexperienced person an electrical will
for one meal cost $3, while otherwise 15
cents' worth of electricity will run a
range for five hours.
Like everything else practice and ex
perience are needed.
When gauged properly electricity Is no
more expensive than any other fueL The
overt is the most extravagant part. But if
heated to a certain point and half of the
current turned off It will cook just as well
and the rest of the current, if needed, can
be divided among the heaters.
A few stores and companies have finely;
equipped kitchens, where meals are pre
pared for directors and employes.
Electrical ranges make cooking a de
light and save an Immense amount of
time and patience. Electrical inventions
are not limited to the kitchen. There are
electric foot-warmers, electric heating
pads and electric radiators. The heating
pads are made of thick felt and take the
place of the hot-water bag. It is much
more convenient and no time Is lost wait
ing for water to heat.
The foot-warmer is a delight to Invalids,
as it is made of cast Iron and bo con
structed that it can be used anywhere,
under chair or desk. Th« electric radiat
ors screw to the baseboard of th© wall
and the carpet is held firmly by clamped
feet. They soon heat a chilly corner and
can be moved when desired from place to
place. _
{Pointers on Curtains.
"Windows are the eyes to our housea."
Just as our eyes betray our thought bo
the window expresses the character and
taste of the people within. So much Is
expressed. The manner of the people;
refinement and culture; order in tha
household: whether dirty faced children
romp behind its cover. I mean It. I'll
r .i nickel that if you go into a house
cheap, dusty looking curtains han?
in the windows you will find— taking f< r
granted there are children— a baby with
a dirty frock and a face which soap and
water" would improve. Nine cases out <■>?
ten you will find it so— and lose your
nickel.
A curtain may be royally experariTe and
yet not look half as nice as a curtain
next door, which cost one-fourth as much.
It isn't in the curtain— it's In the way it's
hung.
White curtains always suggest dainti
ness; red and pink and blue and green,
look, especially at night when the shades
happen to be up. like great dragon's eyes
with a wicked wink. If you want colored
curtains put them over the white — never
next to the street. Arrange them so they
can be drawn together ana tone down the
glare when the sun strikes the window.
That is all they are meant for.
In buying enrtains choose something
that washes well. Curtains that can't
stand being laundrled are an abomina
tion. In bedrooms particularly curtains
should be changed once a month. Dust
soon accumulates and the laundry is the
only alternative.'
Keep the curtains fresh and dainty,
have no obstructions about the windows.
and above all— as everybody knows— keep
the windows clean.
upon wire frames. In the top of th« closet
close to the center is a telescopic rod, on
which a skirt may be hung and pulled out
into the room for brushing. About a foot
from the top five or six brass rods run
from end to end. These serve as shelves
for. hats not in boxes. Hats thus placed
are not so apt to be injured, as they ad
just themselves to the different shelves.
The closet should be built three inches
from the floor and not too high, otherwise
light and ventilation would be shut off.
from the room. In one apartment or In
both cedar drawers five to six inches deep
may be built. Any woman can find things
to put in them. The cedar gives a sweet,
clean odor, which, by the way, keeps
moths from furs. This closet, if painted
white and then enameled or stained,
forms a thing of beauty as well a* a Jo*
forever.
■♦ • —
Some men are as particular about their
clothing as the fussiest of women. They
object to anything being folded or pressed
down by the weight of other clothing
They do not like to have all of their
clothing hung in the closet by wire hang
ers. Such a man recently had a clothes
case made to order. His tailor furnished,
the proper measurements of all of hla
clothing to the cabinet-maker who con
structed it.
This case had to be long enough to con
tain his winter coat, if he should take a
notion to keep it in a sliding section, and
other compartments were made to n't
other articles. There was no deep drawer
—everything was a sliding shelf, with
just ■ enough room for one article, and
partitioned off to fit. The shirt slide had
three partitions, so that they could not
help lying in order. This allowed cf tha
shirts being drawn out one at a time.
The slides were all shallow, about threa
inches deep.
There were special places for each arti
cle of underwear, cuffs, collars, neckties
and hose, and jewel boxes and toilet ar
ticle compartments. There was a big
front board, which opened down like tho
lid of a desk and formed a shelf, on.
which things could be laid and sorted out
preparatory to being placed In. their
proper receptacle,
2526
WHAT TWO CALIFORNIA WOMEN.
T7 T is of more than passing interest thnt the paths and destiny of the
l| two California women who have taken up the work of lifting Califor
nia higher than its materialities, lofty though they be, have met,
crossed and paralleled, during their career.
Leland Stanford wps Governor of the State. G-eorge Hearst as
pired to bo, and in the pursuit and defeat of his ambition was the
provocation for the conditions which deprived Governor Stanford of the
university regency and compelled the completion of his intention in
the founding- of a rival institution. Both men became Senators, sat
together in that great chamber and there renewed a friendship that had
grown cold under the vexations of politics. Senator Hearst was a man
of qualities. No one can read his description of his weary march to the
new gold fields we now call the Comstock without receiving a pro
found impression of his descriptive powers. He trudged over the moun
tains on a doubtful quest. His fortunes were at the lowest ebb, and
when, in his own language, worn out, he sat down by the trail, "turned
weak and human," and debated a retreat, to rise strengthened by the
determination to finish the march and make one more throw for fortune,
made it and won, there is presented a picture worthy to stand with the
career of Robert Bruce.
Like Stanford's his life came to a close while he was yet a Senator
of the United States.
When his largo estate came within control there began to develop
ono of those compensations, those restorations, so rare in the history of
a Stale. As influences emanating from his newspaper had influenced the
less to the State University of Stanford's fortune, his wife taking on
a high purpose and deciding that her property should go for the good of
mankind and the ennobling of her State, developed a way to devote it to
higher education. As her friendly rival in a similar purpose, she was
the mother of one child, happier in his survival. There was nothing
in the way but to find the way to do the most good with her riches. That
way she found herself.
Mrs. Hearst is not lacking in high ideals, nor does she lack in
applying them practically. She found the State University meanly
housed. Its ignoble architectural equipment wrb brought into more re
pulsive relief by the w«ll designed beauties and fitness of the structures
cf Stanford University.
Possessing excellent taste, refreshed by personal knowledge of tlie
best European models, she determined that T.li 3 architecture of the State
University should be expressive of its intellectual purpose, and that the
part of education which is absorbed from daily contact with the best
and most beautiful in art should bs no longer denied to the sons and
daughters of the State who get their training nt Berkeley.
Her bold plans involved the razing of every building on the State
campus, and the effective grouping of the best structures known to the
resources of architecture. From the application of landscape engineer
ing to the fine grounds, heretofore untouched by any artistic hand, to
the finial of the last necessary structure, she built the great plan in
her mind and then called into action the architects of the world to work
out its details.
When the great work is finished the highest interests of the State
will be enthroned upon the purpose formed and executed by a woman.
The rugged men of California have done much for the State. They have
scaled frowning summits to carry commerce over mountain heights and
have gone into the depths to drag out gold to build ships and cities.
Forests have fallen before them and strange waters and far shores
have yielded their treasures of commerce to the profit of adventure. But,
after all, it may be well questioned whether all the men together have
wrought as much for the everlasting interests th.it are greater than
gold, more immortal than commerce, as have these two women.
When their work is done and the two universities are in full action,
panoplied in the glorias their ganius has created, the names of Mrs.
Hearst and Mrs. Stanford will ba cherished in every happy house
within our borders, and no matter what monuments may attempt to
perpetuate their memory, those built by themselves will the longest en
dure and be the inspiration of the remotest generations.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
IT Is worth noting what a front rank
woman has hold in the education of
California. Fifty years ago Mrs.
Olive Mann Isbell stood a row of
empty boxes in a room by the old Santa
Clara Mission, and rang- her clanking
bell to call together the first American
school In our State. The pupils who were
forthcoming; sat on the empty box.- and
bumped little bare heels against the
front of them. There was a hole in the
ceiling where the smoke had leave to
escape, and where it availed itself or not
of Its permission as it and the weather
chose.
But in spite of what some might have
thought inconveniences, Mrs. Isbell from
lowa went at her work as if she didn't
mir.d, which Is the best way in the world
to embarrass inconveniences. Without
adjustable desks or spring-roller maps or
much be-patente,d felt erasers, she never
theless taught. She stands in the records
to-day as the founder and teacher of the
first American school of California.
It is not with so different a spirit, after
all. although with such widely different
means, that Mrs. Hearst and Mrs. Stan
ford are continuing the work which .Mrs.
Jsbell began. Both of them have had
much to struggle with as did she. Both
have had one purpose and have held to
it. That purpose has been the higher
civilization of California.
Mrs. Hearst's work has been just as
much her own conception us was Mrs.
IsbeN's in the old days. The State was
to her mind not offering all the advan
tages Jn an educational way thru its
young people deserved. Hence she would
take the matter in hand.
It has held good straight through
her life that when Mrs. Hearst saw any
thing which needed attending to, she
promptly attended. She has wanted
things well done and has known that she
must therefore do them herself Since
her husband's death she has little by
little grown into the recognition of tn«
public as a philanthropist. Philanthropy
has become a profession these days but
there are all sorts and conditions of its
professors. She is of thr kind that is not
satisfied with the mere giving of money
but must needs give of personality alone
with it. '* 6
In the East, Washington has profited by
more of her charities ihan any other
£ its ;; He I l lnt «'£ P!1 t in S'rls is without
limit, and it shows Itself in the endow
ments she has chosen to make. There is
an Episcopal school for girls that is
thriving under her care. There is a
women's club .hat looks to her— never In
vain— for a helping hand. There are as
many as three kindergartens which she
supports, and the chief one of these Is
a training school where struggling young
teachers may be helped to help them
selves. ./..;. ■■■"■V.-
Neither has' she neglected the Washing
ton boys. There is a boys' home there
conducted by the Episcopal church which
she has furnished with her own good
faste.
But dearer to Mrs. Hearst's heart than
all of these good deeds are her charities
in the West. She is a Missouri woman by
birth and Senator Hearst was a Mis
sourian. He set out in Western moun
tains to make hi.- fortune. This had been
his ambition ever since a boy.
It was in the West that he chose to
sock his golden land. It was in the West
that he labored and hoped and despaired
and finally found.
The mining country was therefore sa
cred to him as the scene of his mightiest
struggles. It has remained sacred to his
widow for the memory he left.
The mining towns know her bounty. Her
plan of benevolence has for its keynote
•"education." In so many lines she has
shown this. Whether it he the teaching
of a score of homeless youngsters or the
endowment of a world-famous university
her aim is ever education. In the dingy
little Montana and Dakota towns that
perch on the sides of brown mountains
she has built libraries that bring a
breath of the great world beyond. Many
of the dreary ones who seek and never
find, or dig good gold for others' profit—
many of these find a friendly feeling in
the cozy library rooms, where a careful
attendant looks out for everybody's
wants. "In Lead City," a letter says
"the library proved a menace to. bar
rooms." It took some of the men's time.
They wandered to the reading room and
the writing room, and they began to write
cautiously spelled letters to Mrs Hearst
saying "Thank you." She was gratified
by the letters, and seeing that her work
was appreciated she added to what she
had already done. She arranged to have
a musicale given every week by musi
cians whom she hired for the purpose
The men and the women both enjoyed
them. They broke the monotony. It was
a little more like living
In Anaconda^ Mont.?ihe has lately built
a library -.-.vrh as a large city might he
proud of. Miss Andrews says." it is colo
nial in style, broad and strong and wel
coming. Jt is modern throughout In its
appointments. Anaconda is a little place
that is seen now and then only because
Bjfto n ?f r ,{ s U !Ib C r ar| Ut lt can : bra e to even
Uutte of Its library.
And so It goes that from coast to coast
Mrs. Phebe Hearst's hand and mind have
been ready to recognize the need and till
It Schools and libraries and clubs every
where owe her debts of gratitude. But
through air the years that she wa.s work-
Ing ana planning and helping: here and
there she was discussing with herself the
great question how best to use the bulk
of her rare fortune to further the highest
interests? It came at last — answer.
California's sons and daughters are the
fortunate ones.
From the beginning Mrs. Hearst has
aimed at having t*ie University of Cali
fornia the most splendid in the world. She
showed daring thought when she first or
ganized the competition. Admitting that
few would have ever conceived such a
plan— how many of those few would ever
have held to it? It sounded like a story
book. And now to give realism to the
Story, we have the report that several
millions from this California woman are
to start the great project on its road to
completion.
It is in memory of her husband's toils
and defeats and final sue" - s that she
has chosen to give her first attention to a
building for the young mining engineers
who will come to equip themselves at
Berkeley for the same kind of work. If
they are better equipped than George
Hearst was, they may thank his wife for
the fact.
Mrs. Hearst hns loner admired the nat
ural beauties of the Berkeley grounds,
where the buildings now stand, and her
wish was to hay.- this beauty n it hidden,
but developed, perfected. This end was
attained by B'-nard when he saved every
tn c where It had been put in the flrs't
place, and pr< served th< : land
marks for tradition of future freshmen
who will talk vaguely of the old build
ings that once \.
As the time advanced toward the final
decision, Mrs. Hearst cam< ■ be on
the scene. Four architects came to make
the awards, and with them brother archi
tects and wives and friends. There have
been entertainments and the excitemi nt
has wearied Mrs. Hearst more than her
friends like to see. She has made her es
cape to the country, now that all Is over,
and nst promises to make her like her
own strong, accomplishing self once more.
This same strong self is ueceiving, by
the way. It is the big soul of a little
womrn. who looks too slenderly nervous
to stand great strains. Her strength is
of a wiry kind that builds on the will
rather than the body. She has a serene
expression and manner that give no indi
cation of the high-strung qualities. Fur
thermore, her femininity is so pror.
In dress and speech that one would never
guess that the firmly executive brain
within would do credit to a man of busi
ness. Mrs. Hearst manages her own prop
erty almost entirely. She has the clear
est insight into business transactions and
is never timid, although always prudent.
That little touch of swetness and
warmth that lurks in her smile and hi r
voice is the heritage of her Southern
parents. Both of them wer-^ Virginians,
and Virginians of the old school. Her
own early life was Bpent in Missouri,
whpre much of the Southern spirit ling
ered a few years ago, and her life in
Washington has fosterei this element in
her nature. Southerners do not break
away easily from old customs.
I thought of this to-day as a very
brown face above a . very spandv whita
apron met me at the door of Mrs. Hearst's
apartments, and the tone, at once rever
ential and protective, in which Mrs.
Hearst's Illness was mentioned had the
true darky ring of loyalty. The mistress
of this maid clings to the service of her
youth— the negro service, with its affec
tion and its jealousy and its hero-wor
ship still intact.
Although her work has brought her
much before the public of late years, she
Ins an instinctive shrinking from tur
moil. This led her to take refuge in her
country home last week after the excite
ment of banqueting was over and before
the final decision was to be reached.
Across the bay. at the lovely Hacienda
del Poso do Verona, she ent< rtained the
visitors right royally, giving them a
glimpse into the arcadian life <>f country
California. Then the architects came
back to their labor and left their hostess
in quiet. She did not return to town until
the great Thursday. She fled from the
crowd of the hotel where she has apart
ments and went to her own retired rooms
in a high sunny corner of her Mark, t
str>et building. There sho has been
hedged about by an army of still-footed
caretakers. It is a cosy retreat up there
with the sunny windows and the Sowers
and the hide-and-seek screens that zig
zag across velvety carpets.
Mrs. Hearst's keen artistic sense is evi
denced in her dress and her homes She
reverences beauty as one of the elements
*>f goodness. Her Eastern homo is full
of rich hflngings and pictures and curios
which she has loaned many a time for
exhibitions whore women who see little
of the beautiful might learn and enjoy.
Her own education has been extensive
She is a fine linguist, especially known as
a French scholar. Her breadth of learn
ing gives her a breadth of opinion that
only men usually achieve. Her gifts have
boon made to institutions of more than
one religious denomination. Her ',>ositi"ii
as an educator has boon recognized in a
way that no other woman's has ever been
in her holding a State Regency.
1 met a girl I know the other day— a
girl who has boon fighting a haul way up
hill for a little sister as well as herself
She lias always longed for s university
education and. the little she had managed
to save imm broad winnings bought her
one year of the coveted college life. Then
the money gave out and she was thrown
lack to light again. When 1 met h»r the
other day there was a kind of s:;renes"s 'a
the grip of her hand and she beamed.
"You are still at work?" I asked.
'•I'm a 'Varsity girl, bow." she said
radiantly. "I'm at Berkeley to finish my
course. Yon see, it just happened that
when ?was Btaying over there 1 me; Mrs
Hearst— and Bomehow- well, Mrs Hearst
is putting me through college. And rriv
little sister is living with me. And we
are well and so happy."
if Mrs. Hearst could have been there
to sec she wouldn't have needed any moro
thanks.
That is only one little scrap of a story.
They arc legion.HAVE DONE FOR EDUCATION.
STANFORD students of the old ia.ys
rem^rr. ber great, whole-souled re
ceptions siven them in the big
house over at Menlo. They remem
ber moonlight drives through the
long vineyard, where the grapes hung
heavyi awaiting their time. Their cwn
rollicking voices and the thumping of the
clumsy 'bus crashed through the stillness.
Then the lights streamed out of a sudden
from open doors and led the war to two
good weleorr.es from two warm hearts.
One of these hearts stopped beating a
while back. There's another place tilled
Inside the white peace of the litt'.e mau
soleum. There's another reason for
thoughts that sweep away the lauch from
an idler's lips a? he strolls past its steps.
Students of late days know only what is.
It stands wirh the traditions for eraduate
telHng how the sweet, saddened woman
who now walks alone opened her house
to every boy who laid claim to being a
Stanfordite. and. side by side with her
husband, gave them such a royal wel
come as made every mother's son of them
know lie was wanted- There was the
whole raft of them, from Encina Hall
and the frat. houses and the ramshackle
cottages where some bach, it: and every
man was dressed according to his lights.
Judging from results, the lights varied
all the way from tallow candles to incan
descent drops, but did Mrs. Stanford care?
They are her boys to her, every last one
of them, and the woman who has enter
tained newsboys as if they wore titles is
not the one to criticize the cut of
a coat or the tie of a scarf. Some
of them knew hew to do it as It
should be done and some blundered pit
eously. Bet it was all right, once that
hand clasped theirs and the serenity of
these eyes met their eyes. There is some
thing about Mrs. Stanford's eyes that
smooths difficulties.
These good times came in the fall of '92.
A few months later a trouble came to the
tig house, and it was all dark and so dif
ferent. Mrs. Stanford changed to a lonely
woman, who has had almost no care save
to carry out the purpose of herself and
her husband, which at his death became
doubly hers. Nevertheless, in spite of the
soberness that crept in she has .way
kept up a lively Interest in the young peo
ple's doings just as in the old and happier
days. Their pleasure still ia young and
sunny, even if her skies have grown
cloudy. She ia too generous a woman to
Inflict her gri^f upon others. She takes
part in their joys even if her own have
failed.
Mrs. Stanford's Interest in the univer
sity has always been of the most per
soncl <:ha:ucter. It is not enough for her
to direct affairs at a distance and
through ether hand?. Her practical idea
of management was displayed in the very
first year— the year when the pioneer
class came in ail Its unadulterated glory
and Golden Age was no name for the
time. Then Mrs. Stanford was so anxious
for i'otai!s to be perfect thnt she .shared
many a meal herself with the R.ibie girls
In their biir. rattling dining room. She
ate of thicir muffins to try if they were
as they should be, and she committed to
memory thf..'r Irish Htw. She is in many
respects a thoroughly up-to-date woman.
and she knows the- meaning and vaiues of
a ?o:.::d mind in a sound body. She rep
resents it herself. Her physical vigor par
takes of the West. If it had been leas one
might nave doubted her ability to
tuand the test of trouble and anxiety
v hi' n the part yours have brought her.
Durinß the time teat all the necessary
economies of involved properties were
drawing the students together in a good
natured bond of fellowship that luxury
cannot <»•";'-:--• Mrs. S;anfr>rd was suffer
ing the severest mental strain. The strain
would have lx=en tco much for a more
delicate • physique or a lesser self-poise.
A3 It wa* she was burdened. like th<s
mother of many <-hi!dren who outgrow
their "sho<=s too 'fast while wages grow
lnwrr. Lines like tjuick pen and ink
■trokes came into her fare, tor all that.
Bhe^neVW faltered: but took up tnc_ bur
den that ts generally erven a man s snoul
dz-'r's to writhe under-
Cowvc Is one of her strongest char
acteristics ft has shown in the way
-he Vas "f.HTSTht h<=r good fijrht. It shows
e-en row- ?he has crone abioad for rest
\ad diversion in order to be better en-
Xled to carry out her work in the future.
Tnere Is never a hint of shirking the re-
S? M?' ib S'anford- S life has been as full of
ucfif ' Bhe was Jane Lathrop before
ress of Nrth and trairir.g have never left
-
wav Th-r^ arose the two great loves of
? , • "li^p- for her husband and for her
. h Sfv c-'.il.J Thew loves and their to-
TOnrpanynVe sorrows have been the in
l^^fiSflßSSSS to°her through
■
SSh of America is enjoying; the
fAI „ ■ r. S th-i
r iS K&KSSS too marked . per
-onaiitv and too pronounced opinions to
h« n- 'd th- ttabby cempiiment of uni
-
They arc inevitable. From the great
vA«£ nf^American citizens who know
w -from th ' 'fashion of Washington and
-
the penny-extra screechers o. the streets.
she recruits her ranks of friends. In
Washington she was famous during the
Senator's years of office as one of the
most talented hostesses that the Senate
could claim. She seems to have been
born with a gift for entertaining. It is
a gift that has its origin in an entire
absence of self-rdpsciousness and an en
tire consciousness of the needs of other?.
It is the simp!- and old-fashioned virtue
of iovinc one s fellow-man. It is freedom
from posing.
When she gave her regular Christmas
dinners to Washington newsboys, she
was the same hostess that she was to
Cabinet members. Her guests were the
center of Interest, not herself. The boys
ate and ate again, firstly to stop being
hungry and secondly to enjoy being fed.
They "were conducted from turkey to
mince pie with as careful detail as if It
really mattered after all. They ate and
were merry, and said the best things of
her that their vocabulary afforded — and
they thought still better ones.
The Washington life is over now. The
capital has lost one of its best. From
now on her me will be spent in the big
place at California and Powell— the great
drab house that stands "the top of the
=teps that stand at the top of the hill.
Here the doors are closed just now, and
I stumbled against a bamboo rod that
stands guard across the steps, but" there
is a gardener clipping weeds in the green
velvet and keeping it sprinkled as a part
of his religion. For "Mrs. Stanford's" in
U-ah-op«». but I heard she may be back
next month, mum." The lawn will bo
ready when she comes.
Probably she will spend even more time
in the Menlo Park home than in th- city.
Thee two houses have both been deeded
to the university; under the condition that
their giver remain life tenant of them.
There are many in that simple Palo Alto
life" who always welcome her— not only
students and professors, but the employes
of the vast estate. During the life of him
whom the ranch people call "the Guvner"
an almost feudal system existed— a
feudal system in so far as the laborers
depended ui)on this same "Guvner" for
necessities and some luxuries of every day
'"fe- but the system was nineteenth cen
tury republicanism in every letter of its
vou-work-well-I-pay-wen law. The widow
of th- "Guvner" has continued bid sys
tem and carried out his wishes toward
the-e people as well as toward the stu
dent* Her executive power seems limit
ies* "Every tenant on the state continues
Vn 'have as of old the use of a horse, a
cow and the gift of all fuel used In the
year's round. It was during his lifetime
that she instituted the custom of sending
each family a Thanksgiving turkey and a
Christmas goose. Her goodnesses have
r^P the men at the stock farm as loyal
£ a company of wisely held soldiers, and
♦be economies" that they were able to prac
tice during the estate's dark day? are a
matter of pride to every man of them.
B Th>y liked to help the big school and
be«t of all they liked to help Mrs. Stan
'ord And besides all these there are lit-
tie stories that don't go abroad till
ing themselves, but can be found for
the hunting. There Is a little old woman,
who lives by herself down where the foot
hill road cuts across the barley neW-3.
This little old woman had a husband once
who worked for "the Guvner," and then
the- husband died one day. But somehow
the little old woman went on living in the
same house, although she had no money
to pay rent. s?r.d somehow fuel kept on
coming to her door, although ?he had no
man any longer employed on the estate,
and her chickens remain hers and
seem likely to. so long as she lives.
Mrs. Stanford's charities also spread out
to adjacent towns. Maytield. a mile or so
beyond the campus, rejoiced for several
'years in a wee bit of a kindergarten
within a wee bit of a house, where two
teachers took care of the most juvenile
part of Mayneld society, while Mayfield
mothers washed and scrubbed and bar
gained. The whole school was establish
ed and supported by Mrs. Stanford 3
bounty. They were great days when the
benefactress arrived at the kindergarten
door and descended from her carriage to
spend a forenoon with colored balls and
sand pictures and pinafored happiness. A
proud mother sent Robbie to the school,
and she tells me of one of these visits
when "Mr?. Stanford laid her hand on
Robbie's head and patted it! It was like
it used to be. in England when great la
dies came from the great houses to see
their tenants."
The loyalty of this Mayfield population
to the famous Bracchi, Italian driver of
American 'buses, who has named the
youngest of a noble line "I.eland Stanford
University Bracchi." I have never heard
what they ■all him for short
Mrs. Stanford has traveled widely and
studied what there was to learn where
«he traveled. She has brought from
Europe collections that adorn her homes.
But th«> best of these have been turned
over to the university museum, where
they are within the reach of all. So as
much as can be of her travels are brought
back to the stay-at-homes whom she
cares for.
It is in the home at Menlo Park that
she likes beat to be. She loves the quiet
restfulness of the house back behind the
trees and the pink geraniums. There are
more lawns and flowers there than on ail
Nob Hill put together, and she likes them.
There is a friendly green parrot hanging
.hi the porch that rasps the air cheer
fully and there is a team of bounding,
booming Great Dane dogs to come to meet
one. She likes the eucalyptus-shaded
drives and the sight of earnest youn#
faces on the campus. She likes the pleas
ant Sunday services in the chapel. it will
be only a month or two now before th^
students will sec the dignified, black-robed
figure again. The freshmen of this year
have already centered within the stone
wails and have tasted the first bitter and
sweet of college life, but the guiding spirit
of it all they nave yet to know, when the
•■gray mother of our fostered youth" re
turns. - KATHRYN MARCH.
THE SI'SDAY CALL.
<=p=HE rise of Stanford University -was no more remarkable than has
j been the permanency with which it has been sustained. Its
origin was in a play of politics. Governor Stanford and his
wife were beginning to consider the devotion of a large share of their
fortune to the good of mankind. With that keen insight into the ele
m3nts of success which was an attribute of both, they decided that the
road to achievement lies through the school room, and who would aid
man best must equip him by education to help himself. Governor Per
kins, aware of this growing intention, appointed Governor Stanford aEo
gent of the State University. It was an appointment in rscsss of the
Legislature and had to be confirmed by the Senats. When that body
met the Stats had changed Governors; Stcneman had succeeded Perkins,
and there was a swiftly rising tide of enmity to the Southern Pacific
Railroad. This was generated almost entirely by the Examiner, the
property of Mr. George Hearst. It so influenced tr vernor Stoneman that
immediately upon his inauguration he withdrew PeTkins" nomination of
Governor Stanford to the Regency and sent in another name. This ac
tion for a time suspended the educational intentions of Gcvernor Stan
ford, as far as the public knew. But this suspension was more apparent
than real. Governor Stanford was not a man to put millions into a pro
ject for the public benefit without having a voice in the method of its
application to its intended purpose. His character was a charming
blend of the ideal and practical. His ideals were high and refined. Eut,
when he came to apply them to the concrete concerns of life, each must
be weighed in the practical scale and be rejected or accepted according
to that test. There came to him and his wife the gTeat trial which no
conditions of fortune or station can avoid or mitigate, in the death of
their only son. He wag in the flower and promise of his youth, beauti
ful in person and mentally endowed to a degree that was promising^of
a hieh career. When the end came, and every hope invested in his fu
ture^had faded, there came to his bereaved parents the determination
that his life, ended so untimely, should be resurrected in the lives of
thousands to be. they gathered their great properties and their vast^ re
sources and massed them in the rich endowment of L-eland Stanford
Junior University. It was a conception that must inspire the most
stolid mind and thrill the coldest heart. It was immediately carried
into execution. The noble buildings rose from the ground and after the
work began it proceeded without let or pause until the faculty was in
stalled and the scholastic duties begun.
As was to have been expected in the execution on so great a seal*
of this noble purpose, the matriculations were counted in hundreds. Tha
first year put this young school in the ranks of the oldest and in ail
higher education it was at once counted as a force that had to be
reckoned with.
"With that keen judgment which went into all that he did. Gover
nor Stanford chose for its head Jordan, the pupil of Agassiz. the peer
of Andrew D. White, and the spirit he brought passed to an able fac
ulty. Living to see his hopes realized and the memorial to his son as
sured of immortality. Governor Stanford reached the end of his days and
went cwaj. Not given to aspsrities. in many traits a philosopher, the
frictions cf a great and greatly busy life were forgotten in that day of
sorrow, when the State cams to mourn by his tomb.
The somber time was immediately illuminated by the high cour
age, intelligence and zeal with which the work that had absorbed the
energies cf both was taken and carried by Mrs. Stanford. Hard days
came. The settlement of the vast estate, the adjustment of undefined
interests of the Federal Government, troubles and complications for
which no foresight could provide, came trooping to the assault upon her
strength and courage. But this mother and widow, doubly stricken,
held steadily to the purpose new mere fondly cherished. The limit and
boundary of her personal sacrifices are not public knowledge, but their
magnitude, from which a man would have recoilad, may be judged in the
result. The great school went on, consecrated again in the martyrdom,
of self which its sustenance demanded. A woman once commanded an
army and delivered her country from alien domiaation. "Women have
ruled kingdoms and empires, but above them in history must stand this
woman, the trustee of such a sublime trust, and the founder of king
dom upon kingdorh in that ineffable domain of the intellect whence
issue the principles that govern svevy republic, principality end power.
When every problem had been solved and every trouble sur
mounted, the busy waiting stage of the university passed into the busy
working stage of further development, and the young school further
intrenched its footing and enlarged its influence until its example beat
with an awakening light upon the moss-grown walls of its elders in
the new world and the old. Mrs. Stanford had completed the high
and self-appointed task and had taken her place among the immortals
who chose to live among the few to whom it has been, given to ea
iigLten the world.
2728
HAR DYE TURNS A SCRUB BLACK BEAR INTO A PRECOCIOUS GRIZZLY CUB
They Stopped the Bear Fight, so a
Tonsoriaf Friend Gives the Owner a
V/afuabfe Pointer Which Enables Him
to Turn Ofd Brunette Bruin Into a
"Bfondined" Cub and Get a Fancy
Price for the "Ursus Fiorri&fe,"
IF the learned professors of our colleges
instead of taking long, dangerous and
expensive journeys to foreign lands
for the sako of studying their fauna
would but Indulge in a comfortable
and comparatively Inexpensive trip to Los
Angeles they would find there in Moor
park an ursine problem which would prob
ably puzzle them to study out.
In th* eyes and on the records of the
Park Commissioners of that charming
city the creature referred to is a grizzly
bear cub, a healthy and interesting young-
Bter, which has seen not more than six
short months of existence, and of which
much is to be expected in the future. In
the opinion , however, of thos« who are
thoroughly acquainted with the habits,
manners and personal peculiarities of the
Uennessee Odd Hows' JLod<fe~
t/ioom in a Cave,
In This Cavern Saltpeter Was Dug to
Supply the Patriots During the
Revolutionary War.
PROBABLY the most curious meet
ing place in the world is the lodge
room of (Jap Creek Lodge No. 72,
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
The lodge for five years has been meet
ing in Hyder's Cave, near Gap Run,
Term. The cave, in Carter County, five
miles from Elizabethtown and seven
miles from Johnson City, was discov
ered by tho first settlers of Tennessee.
Earth taken from the cave has long
been used for the manufacture of salt
peter. During the Civil War the cave
was worked by the Confederate Gov
ernment, and thousands of pounds of
saltpeter were made there. Some of the
powder used in the battle of Kings
Mountain was manufactured from salt
peter dug in this cave.
The cave lies due east and west, and
at any time during the day there is
erstwhile monarch of California's moun
tains and plains and valleys this particu
lar individual of the species Ursus horri
bilis is a freak such as has never before
been met with.
The Park Commissioners value him
highly, for he fills a long-felt want in
their hearts and lives. For a long time it
has been known among the hunters,
miners and vauueros of the Tehachapis
that these gentlemen were very desirous
of obtaining a grizzly as a special attrac
tion for their park, but as these animals
are very rare now no one was able to sup
ply the demand.
The rapture and purchase of bo young
and healthy a cub was therefore an
event interesting to all Southern Califor
nia and especially satisfactory to the pub
light enough to read. The anteroom of
the lodgeroom is twelve feet square,
arched over by variegated limestone.
It is separated from the main hall by
folding doors.
The hall proper is twelve feet lower
than the anteroom. The main floor is
20x36 feet. At one end is a rostrum 12
feet square, elevated thirty Inches
above the floor. The roof is an arch,
the top of which is twenty feet from
the door. During the summer season
the sun shines in the face of the noble
grand from 3 o'clock until evening.
Since the lodge, which has flfty-flve
members, began meeting in the oave
it has had no deaths. Frequently pic
nics and occasionally preaching serv
ices are held in the cave, which la bo
light that pictures can be taken sixty
feet underground without artlfioial
light,
lic functionaries who had so long been
desirous of owning such a creature. He
not only represents at the present time
the outlay of a nice little pile of yellow
twenties but they look forward compla
cently to the near future, when, grown
massive and mighty, he shall be an object
lesson to old and young— a living exempli
fication of California's emblem and a no
ble representative of his nearly extinct
family.
Daily some members of the august body
which directs the affairs of Los Angeles'
civic pleasure gardens visit the handsome
THE SUNDAY CALL.
and luxuriously appointed home which
has been specially designed and arranged
for his bearship and from a safe distance
admire their new acquisition and en
deavor to propitiate him by offerings of
dainties which are supposed to be particu
larly suited both to the taste and stomach
of an infantile grizzly. Queerly enough,
though, captivity or something else seems
to have developed In this little creature
qualities and proclivities very different
from those characteristic of his species.
Young as he apparently Is he has decided
and indeed depraved ideas on the subject
of diet. The nuts' and fruits and crisp
green things which are dear to the heart
of the grizzly in his native wilds and in
captivity eagerly welcomed by him are
looked upon by this youngster with surly
scorn. The tender, fresh red meat which
is generously provided for his delectation
is left untasted if he can but unearth
somewhere about his abiding place a piece
of decayed flesh, the odor of which would
drive any grizzly worthy of the name
fasting over the mountains into the next
county.
He looks like a young grizzly most cer
tainly as far as the color of his shaggy
coat is concerned, but in no other respect
does he resemble the powerful, ferocious
but always self-r- specting animals who
are supposed to be his forefathers, or
rather his forebears.
A grizzly is cleanly in his habits, dain
tily nice regarding his diet, loftily digni
fied in his deportment, and gifted with a
high grade of animal intelligence. The
Moorpark scion of this aristocratic race
is a vulgar, stupid, filthy little beast, pre
cocious in nothing save the number, size
and general appearance of his dental ar
rangements, which even the commission
ers are unwillingly obliged to admit are
surprisingly aged-looking considering the
few months which ara supposed to have
passed over his baby head. Of a truth he
Is an anomaly, and as such would be
worthy of study were it not that there is
attached to him, grizzly though he is sup
posed to be, a tale of quite another kind
of a bear.
Shortly before this year's glorious
Fourth Dave O'Brien, a vaquero on the
Tejon Ranchos, captured a common black
bear, one of the despised species known
as the "buzzards" of the bear family —
worthless, cowardly, ill-smelling scaven
gers of the brute creation — and not know
ing what else to do with him, made ar
rangements with a Bakersfleld man who
owned a huge and ugly-tempered mastiff
for a finish fight between dog and bear on
the day of our national celebration.
After going to considerable expense in
the way of advertising the match, and
bringing the bear to Bakersfield, the pro
moters of the affair and the big crowd
which had assembled to witness it, met
keenest disappointment at the hands of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals, which put an emphatic veto
on the whole enterprise.
To drown his disappointment Dave, in
company with his three financial backers
(two of them miners and the other a va
quero, like himself) started to make an
experimental tour of Bakersfleld's saloons,
and that brought them almost immediate
ly into the company of a barber named
Duggans, who had arrived at that satis
fying stage of inebriation wherein his own
professional prowess seemed to him of all
things in the world most worthy of loud
voiced and continuous praise. One of hia
specialties, it seemed, and the one on
which he most prided himself, was his
ability to turn the darkest kind of a bru
nette into a blonde with a neatness and
dispatch unequaled among his fellows.
He could "bleach the bristles of a shoe
brush any shade of red or yellow," h©
I declared, and as he heard this O'Brien
had an inspiration upon which he im-
[ mediately acted. After consulting with
his "backers," the four proceeded to treat
the barber to all the whisky that ha
could bear up under, meanwhile encourag
ing him to brag his biggest and loudest,
until at last he was so flushed with pro
fessional pride, combined with alcohol,
that he was ready to undertake anything
to prove his vast superiority to all others
of his trade.
When he had arrived at this satis
factory condition Dave and his friends
guided him to the barn wherein the bear
was chained and Dave, affecting not to
believe his previous boasts, bet him JlO
that he neither could nor would bleach
the coat of the creature, as he very prob
ably did not really understand his busi
ness, but was also too cowardly to under
take such a job.
This was too much for Duggan. Ha
wavered but for a moment and then being
assured that the animal was securely
fastened accepted the wager and went to
work. All the bleaching fluid he had in
his shop and pretty nearly all that could
be found in the town drug stores was
speedily secured and poured into a five
gallon palvanized imn pail, and armed
with a long-handled whitewash brush the
barber proceeded to prove his previous as
sertions.
To attain anything even approaching to
success in the undertaking several appli
cations of the linuid were necessary and
considerable hard rubbing, to which the
bear violently objected.
As Duggan was neither clear as to his
brain nor steady as to his legs and tha
bear v.as active, vigorous and vicious it
required the united vigilance of the four
spectators— who were almost exhausted
with laughter before the ludicrous per
formance was over with— to prevent a
"mix up" between the two, which, in the
bear's exasperated state of mind,
might have resulted unpleasantly
for his tonsorial artist. It seemed
at first as if it would be necessary
to put the bear to soak in the bleaching
preparation in order to produce any ef
fect whatever upon his thick and greasy
fur, but after several wettings and dry
ings the black turned to darkest seal and
then slowly but surely to a reddish-brown
which delighted the four conspirators be
yond measure. True it wasn't the exact
color which would have been necessary
for their purpose had their victim been
larger, but as his size made it necessary
for him to masquerade as a very young
member of the Ursua family the "shade
was eminently satisfactory.
The barber was paid his $10 at once and
the next day O'lJricn sent a tel
egram and received an answer.
A few days later the Park Com
missioners of Los Angeles welcomed
a "little stranger" who traveled to them
in a stout iron-bound crate upon which
was a label stating that the occupant
thereof was a "cub grizzly." From the
size of the check which Dave O'Brien and
his three friends divided up among them
selves a short time afterward it might be
judged that the "cub" fell into appreci-
One thing 'is certain: If the Park Com
missioners have been deceived as to the
species of their new acquisition they at
gr^tularion ad T e f qu " te ™"se for se?f-con
&f" latlonI atlon - ,i f creature for which
they have paid so generous an amount ofHigbt Efcventure of a filobern Diana*
X) . . .
3 California Gift Who Rrd^s tfke a
C^aUr a l^ S^av^s DanS^fs tii
tf|< H«art cf the Surras V/rti-,
--cUt Thought cf Peat*.
«^-r "WOMAN and a horse sliding dow
f I a river's slippery bank, lodgin
I I upon a narrow shelf of project'.n
V, I rock and spending the night I
1 this terrible position while
Biorm nowia u^ciiicau j^^*. «,^~ ••
raging torrent roars and thunders— this is
a situation to appal the bravest heart.
And yet there is one woman In California
whom it did not frighten and who telis
the story so quietly that It is apparent
6he wishes to minimize rather than to
exaggerate the danger.
This woman, however, is a Diana— born
In the forest, trained from her earliest
years to ride and to shoot, perfectly at
home on the mountain trails, whether by
flay or by night, and an utter stranger to
Buch a thing as fear. What to others
would be a perilous adventure, to be re
membered for a lifetime, is to her only
an incident in a series of experiences so
often repeated that the most startling ac
cident does not appear very ususual.
To mention the name of this young
woman is to revive recollections of 'hat
pioneer and historian of the Yosemite
Valley. J. M. Hutching*, .Mill living and
as much interested as ever in California's
great gallery of natural wonders, which
he ha - devoted his life to making better
known to the worid. It will also recall
to' the minds of many visitors to the vul
ley .ring the last few years the pleasant
picture of a Blender, graceful girl- a per
fect brunette— riding a magniticent bUck
horse, a handsome bat vicious tempered
anjir:al whom none but the most accora
plishfl horseman or horsewoman cjuld
think of mounting. This young woman Is
Miss Gertrude Hutchings, daughter of
lings, the explorer and all but <lis
coverer of the beautiful valley with which
his name has been so prominently asso
ciated for more than forty years.
Born in the valley. Miss Hutchings has
known no oth<jr home. and with every
rock and pool, every strep and slope, not
only In Yosemite itself, but for miles
around, he is familar. Her father's cot
tage stcod near the great Yosemite
Fall where the spray and the thunder nt
ffeiress <£,QVes an
African.
Verily, Africa is fast becoming civilized.
An English girl has actually fallen in love
with a dusky African. And no ordinary
irirl is she but one with an abundance of
money and no small share of good looks.
Her name is Florence K. Jewell, and she
is the daughter of Joseph Jewell, a min
ing engineer, who made a fortune in Hex
? Miss Jewell happened to be at Bloem-
Miss Jewell happened to be at Blnem
fontein. the capital of the Orange Free
State some time ago. and there one
eultrv afternoon her attention was at
tracted toward a you- ; Matabele warrior.
He was clad in his picturesque, *' /ee'd
edly barbaric, native costume, and the
ordinary traveler would have seen in him
nothing more than a stalwart African
ravage Miss Jewell, however, saw a
good deal more in hlm-so much more, in
fact, that fhe lost no time In finding out
who he was.
She was informed that he was a pure
blooded Matabele- that he was known a
"Prince" Loben. or Lobengula. and that
he professed to be a relative of the fa
mous Matabeie king of that name. She
?£fre In' an Ethiopian show to be held in
Kn «° Jewell thereupon concluded that
mmmm
being concentrated on Lobengula.
Day after day she went to see and ad
the highest cataract of the world are
never out of one's sight or hearing. Op
posite the door of the pioneer's homo
rose the mighty masses of the Half Dome
and Sentinel Peak, while in the fore
ground thrre glanced by the waters of
that most beautiful of rivers, the clear
flowing, r-haed Merced. In winter
the snows softened the harsh outlines of
the crags and lay deep upon the valley,
and in summer the pine and cedar forests
stretched away in solemn loneliness for
scores of miles.
A childhood spent amid such scenes was
bound to develop a character as unusual
as the surroundings. Love of adventure
was as natural to Miss Hutching.* and
contempt of danger as easy as habits of
domestic and feminine timidity are to
other women. She learned to ride the
most dangerous trails with equal facility
by night and by day, and in the moonlight
nights, when all the valley lay buried
deep in mow, she would tie on her snow
shoes and start out for a long stroll
through the white silences of the tremen
dous mountain gorge. She would pass un
der the shadows of the great cliffs, thread
the ghcstly aisles of the forest, and not
return home till the early hours just be
fore the break of day. As a rifle-shot the
young girl became as proficient as the
most expert hunter, and as for fishing
she could throw a line with the best an
gler and lure the shy trout from their re
cesses with as much certainty as an Indian.
Marvelous are' the tales told of the dar
ing of this quiet, reserved young laiiy,
whose manner is that of the gently reared
daughter of the city rather than of the
border heroine. Sometimes she would
fir.d a basking rattlesnake asleep upon the
trail, and slipping up on it with stealthy
tread she would seize It by the tall, swing
it. swiftly around and around in the air,
and striking its bead against a rock or a
tree kill it before it could seize an oppor
tunity to use its terrible fangs, of which
a single touch meant death. At other
times she would climb the steep trail to
Glacier Point and walk out upon the ter
rible overhanging rock, that dangerous
mire him, and, being a man, he naturally
Boon saw what an impression he had made
on her. They talked to each other and the
young lady was surprised to discover that
her dusky Adonis aid talk fluently both
in English and Dutch. What th<»y talked
about only they two knew, but every one
can guess. Anyhow, they soon came to
an understanding and the result was that
all arrangements were made for a speedy
wedding.
Meanwhile, however. Miss Jewell's
friends had not been asleep. They saw
how the African had fascinated the weal
thy girl and they were determined that
he should not profit by it. They hoped
that it was merely a girl's wayward
fancy, but they were undeceived when the
bitter news of the proposed wedding
reached them. Then they rose up in arms.
They vowed that a cultured and wealthy
English girl should not become the wife
of an uncouth savage. But how could
they prevent the wedding? Miss Jewell
is 22 and can do as she pleases. They
knew that, and so, instead of remonstrat
ing, they pleaded with her not to ruin her
young life In this mad fashion. She lis
tened patiently to these pleas and finally
so much pressure was brought on her that
she consented to postpone the wedding.
No more extraordinary romance than
this has occurred In our day, and thou
sands who never jaw Miss Jewell or
Lobengula will be anxious to know how
It will end. That Lobengula should have
spent so much of his time In lovemaklng
while In London Is certainly surprising,
for the reason that other Matabeles who
have gone to the English capital have
apparently had no time to do anything
except to wonder at the extraordinary
sights around them. King Lobengula sent
emissaries to Queen Victoria a few years
ago. and London was to them the most
wonderful place on earth.
Some strange marriages are made now
adays, but this is apparently the first
time that a cultured and wealthy white
girl has set her affections on a native
African. That there should be a strong
opposition to the marriage Is not surpris
ing Lobengula may be. and very prob
ably is. a first-class fellow in his own
country, but there are very few persons
in England, if indeed there are any, who
think that he is fit to become Miss Jew
ell's husband.
Strange Cases of
Surgery.
Dr. Morestin. a Russian surgeon, who
had been treating a woman for recurring
abscesses, announced the recovery of his
patient the other day. He had removed
from her a pair of physician's hemostatlc
forceps, four Inches long, which had been
accidentally sewed up in her body four
years before.
Said a New York physician: "A Bhort
time ago an up-country doctor came to
the city to be operated upon for the re
moval of the vermiform appendix, al
though I understand he never had ap
pendicitis. He did not improve after the
operation, and one night he died. There
was an autopsy, and it was found that a
sponge had been sewed up in him. Yet I
have known of many forceps, clamps and
other metal Instruments to be forgotten
and left in patients, and the latter get
weli
"Sponges are bad. Prom their very na
ture they become collecting agents and
soon poison the body. The smooth metal
objects, on the other hand, are apt to
work their way Into the alimentary tract,
and then they soon pass away. You doubt
less have heard of needles which have
Btayed In the human body for years, grad
ually working their way out of the sys
tem, or of old soldiers who still carry the
bullets shot 'nto them during the civil
war. The glass swullower3 of the dime
museums really perform wonders in the
way of resisting foreign substances In the
human body.
"The most wonderful case of all was
that of an insane man whom I caw in an
asylum In Lancaster, Pa. He took to
swallowing things in the carpenter shop,
and before he was stopped he had gulped
down 140 nails of all sizes, some buckles,
a piece of old iron, some screws and a lot
of other things.
"All of this hardware was extracted and
the man recovered. He is still living and
still a lunatic."
THE SUNDAY CALL.
■Howe and Ridgy Airss Thfcft Footing
on One of the Most Dangers
tVarTs in the VcssrTiTts and So
Headlong ove* the CTtFF.
tilting projection upon which one step
amisa would precipitate you three thou
sand feet down to the valley floor. WhUe
there were a few others venturesome
enough to go out upon this rock in day
light. Miss Hutchings would take the
awful risk of doing it at night, and with
unshaken courage stand there, and wav
ing above her head a flambeau afford to
the watchers far below in the valley a
spectacle which made their nerves tingle
with the knowledge they had of the dan
gers dared by the heroic young woman.
Some years ago Miss Hutching^ met
with a girl after her own heart. Sh«- was
the daughter of a San Francisco mer
chant, who had been bred in the city, but
who had become as enthusiastic a lover
of th«» forest as the Yosemite Diana. To
gether they resolved upen a life of adven
ture, and obtaining horses and rifles they
started out to live as hunters. Week
after week and month after month they
ranged through tha mountains from the
Merced to Kings River, and from tho
western limits of tho Sierras to the oharp
declivity of Its eastern edge. They ex
plored every canyon, followed ever}' trail
and took every chance which is taken by
the woodman and the mountaineer. They
camped wherever night overtook them
and lived upon the game which their rifles
brought down. Occasionally some shcep
hardar or cartle-n.iui would ha Eiirnrlssd
at seeing two young: women, with rifles
swung from their saddle-bows, ride .Into
his lonely camp and offer to trade a
haunch of venlsen for a little flour or cof
fee.
This continued until the San Francisco
merchant, becoming genuinely alarmed
for his daughter's safety, succeeded in
finding: her and reasserting his authority.
He decided that as the best cure for such
romantic wildnesa the girl should be sent
East to attend a school, in which deport
ment and all the proprieties are a prom
inent feature of the curriculum. But she
refused to part from Miss Hutchings, and
as the only way to solve the difficulty the
latter was sent along, too. This educa
tional course lasted a couple of years, and
soon alter returning the San Francisco
girl was married to a gentleman who was
prominent in educational circles.
liisa Hutchirgs returned to her life in
the valley and to her habit of lonely
rambles. One of her favorite tricks was
to make the ride of twenty-six miles from
Wawona Into the valley after nightfall.
She would go down to Wawona to see
friends who lived there, would let the time
slip by until darkness began to gather,
and only then wnuH think of the neces
sity of starting homeward. -Laughing to
scorn the anxious advice not to attempt
in the darkness roads which other persons
c&xa to travel only in daylight, she would
A Pi-otecWnS U d 2e Sa^Ty Saves the
Ufe of M'" H^ch^nss ? D&grfor
oF the S^pTo^J* arid O'SCOV
<>?& oF the VaTT^y.
mount the big black charger and start i
upon a gallop through the deep shadows i
of the forest. Phe would not always fol- <
low the road, but would sometimes try de- 1
tours and cut-offs, and It was while doln«: 1
this she met with the experience men- '
tloned in the beginning of this article.
The night was a stormy one, in ihe j
midst of a prolonged wet spell, when the
creeks and rivers were all converted into ]
torrents. The right was inky black, and
some of the Ycsemite people who reitte
this story say Miss Hutchings lost her
way and wandered at random through the
woods, But this is not credited by those
who know her best, for they do not be- '
lieve the darkest night could be dark '
enough to make her lose the way through,
the forest, an 1 they assert she was merely ',
taking a short trail. ,
In any event, she found herself riding
along the precipitous bank of one of the ,
forks of the Merced River, and before she
realized that the was in any danger she ;
felt her horse losing his footing and slip
ping and slid! ni? downward. Instantly eha
threw herself from the saddle, and she
and the horse together pitched and rolled
.down, as if to certain death. It seemed
to be a mere chance of being Wiled by the
fall or of being swept to death In the
swollen torrent.
Fortunately there was a projecting
ledge on which both horse and horse
woman landed. They were conscious that
they had been saved almost by a miracle
from death for the time being, but Inal
escape from such a fearful position was
more than doubtful. Miss Hutchings was
conscious that the shelf of rock was nar
row, and that any movement was danger
ous, ami the horse was no less aware of
It. for he shook and trembled in a tun
ing agony of fear. For once all the fire
\\. s taken out of the big black ch:trgf>r.
His mistress managed to slip off his sad
dle and bridle, thinking this might slightly
improve Ms chance to escape alive if he
should fall off the ledge Into the river.
For herself th<=r^ was nothing to do but
to wait for morning and some luclrr
chance. . It was impossible to climb up tne
bank before daylight came, and It was
euualli- out of. the auestion tg think of
moving down toward the river. It was
raining and sleeting-, and the night was as
cold as it was black. The woman and the
horse shivered through it in some way.
Inspired in their determination to main
tain their perilous foothold by catching
glimpses through the darkness of the
flashing foam in the torrent, which
showed where it dashed over the ragged
rocks that would have made a fall into its
water certain death.
Daylight came at last and with !t an
opportunity to escape. By crawling carr
fully along the bank, making use of hand
and foot holds. Miss Hutchings reached
a place of temporary safety on the edgo
of the stream, and in a little while sh»
succeeded In attracting the attention of a
rancher who lived on the farther side of
the stream, and who. taking no small risk
of losing his life, crossed the river in a
boat, which he had first made fast to a
tree by a long rope. Miss Hutchings was
rescued, and a little later the horse wxa
also taien out of his place of danger.
Every one else In the valley talk? of
Miss Hutchings' adventure as thrilling
almost beyond parallel, but she refers to
it with reluctance and declines to accept
the position of heroine. At the present
time Mise Hutchings Is acting as librarian
and secretary for the Sierra Club In To
eemlte.
Qirl as a JYaval
Architect.
A brlg-ht-faced girl works with hammer
and anvil at a forge In a shop next to the
railroad tracks in Boston. Her name ia
Lydia Gould Weld; the shop Is part of tha
Massachusetts Institute of Technology,
and she is studying: to be a naval archi
tect.
Miss Weld is 21 years old, and daughter
of the late Franklin Weld of Falmouth.
While attending- the Institute of Technol
ogy she lives with her relative, George F.
Seavera, in Morton street. Jamaica Plain.
She is an attractive girl of medium height,
with brown hair, blue eyes and a merry
laugh, which does not go at all with the
popular conception of the erudite woman.
| She has not had a college education in tho
classics, but is well up in mathematics.
Before coming to the Institute of Tech
nology she was a pupil at a fashionable
school In Bryn Miwr.
Miss Weld, says the St. Louis Republic,
made h«r choice of the profession of ma
rine architecture a few years ago, when a
yachting party cf which she was one put
In at Bristol. R. 1., to repair a broken,
shaft. In looking- over the shops of the
HerreshoiTs while the work was being
done th» desire to be a master of that
craft took possession of her and grew to
a serious purpose, in which she was hu
! mored by her family. In the same shop
j with Miss Weld are working about fifteen
; young men, some graduates of universities
or sons of manufacturers, who have here
more facilities for iearning rapidly than
In the shops of their fathers. Miss "Weld's
first lesson in forging consisted in ham
mering to a point the end of a short piece
of iron bar. Next she was given a foot
length of bar and told to make it into a
pointed rod with a ring on the end.
About this time the blisters began to
come. The first was ar the base of the
forefinger of the left hand. This burst,
and the continued abrasion of tho hammer
i handle turned the skin black, leaving a
| square half an inch so tender that an or
dinary girl would have cried had anything
touched it. No cries and no gloves for
Miss Weld — only more hammering.
A day or two later she made an iron
bracket like that used to support a man
tel. There are three nat! holes in
j arm of this bracket, which must he
punched and countersunk at the anvil.
In using the punch she missed it with one
awing of the heavy hammer and struck
the back of her left hand a hard blow,
peeling off the skin and raising a sweil
: in*.
! A hook and staple was one of her easi
j est pieces of work. She surprised h<=-r in
! structors with the ease with which she
made an iron strap similar to that used
i for suspending thp ends of timbers.
[ After that she tried fagot welding, be-
I ing given three scraps of iron, which she
j forged into single ba-. This is not so
I easy as it seems, and many an apprentice
blacksmith has become vexed in spirit to
see the cracks in plain sight and one or
two stray ends sticking out.
The most difficult of her tasks so far
has been the timber-hanger. Six or seven
years ago, says the Instructor, a young
man became so angry at the obstinacy
1 of the iron which he was trying to shape
I into this form that hi hurled the hated
thing through the open window to the
furthermost side of the railroad tracks
and walked out of the shop, leaving a
blue streak in the air as he passed. Two
or three days later he returned in humble
and determined spirit and managed to
conquer the troublesome bit of iron. This
is an indication that Mia? Weld's path is
not altogether one of rosos. and that the
j problems in forging- set before her are of
! the kind that would sometimes test the
patience of a saint.
The reporter asked the instructor if he
didn't give his " extraordinary student
more attention than the young men. but
he explained her proficiency by another
reason, saying:
"She is more than usually quick to com
prehend what is told her. In grasping the
! principles of forging she has proved her
i self the equal Of any of the young men.
Her use of the hammer is fully up to the
; average. She has a very strong arm and
■ does not appear to get tired. A few days
: ago I was busy in another part of the
' shop for a long time and was somewhat
' curious to know how was getting
I along. When I got back to her she asked
| me, jokingly, if I : ken her. I
i found that she had progressed as well as
I if I had been advising her, and she went
i right ahead until the job was done."
dictionary of the
Private.
One of the privates of the Thirty-first
; Michigan brought up with him from Cuha
j what is known as "The Private's Dic
i tionary." For the benefit of these who
are not conversant with military terms
some of the definitions are reproduced:
Private— The whole bonnet.
Colonel— The trimmings.
Major— An officer of minor importance.
Mule — An Irreligious brute of the animal
kingdom. His rank is three notches above
first sergeant.
Bugler— A third-class private or wind
jammer, who disturbs slumber . and poker,
games.
Mess— A poor excuse for a square meal.
Pass— A thing in demand, not good In a
street fight or police court.
Discharge— A ticket to heaven.
Pay day— great day in the army, when
all men are alike; a day to settle disputes
■ and patronize the canteen.
Canteen— A place where we get our beer
' and the big head.
r Guardhouse— A haven of rest for good
! soldiers.
Guard duty— A crime unpardonable.
Drill— A disgrace to any private.'
Dress parade— sport the officers are
stuck on; or, Anglo-Saxon for cakewalk.
Craps — A good way to dispose of $16.30;
i or, the game that made the American sol
dier famous.
Officers' meeting— gathering of thirsty
i officers in a secret place to discuss poli
tics.
Chaplain— A retired hard-shell preacher
i who has lost his religion and comes to the-
I army to umpire poker games and keep
I books for a gospel shop.
Surgeon A second-hand horse doctor
] who gives you oil for a sprained ankle,
J then puts you on double duty.
2980
THE GREAT BEET SUGAR INDUSTRY OF CALIFORNIA
THESE are busy days at the new
S; r- .-: s Sugar Factory near
Salinas. Day and night the big
wheels are turning: and the whirr
erf monster machines mingles with
the roaring: wind and reverberates
among the hills for miles and miles up
*nd down the valley. It is the beat
teoason, and sugar must bo made while
the beets are In condition. • .
To extract the sugar from the beets
that are grown in Salinas Valley the
expenditure of $3,000,000 was necessary.
Thle only built the big factory and
thousands of dollars are spent every
day of the four months' season to pay
the workmen and buy fuel to supply the
power.
To handle and extract the sugar
trom beots is a long and tedious task.
THIS WOMAN, WHO HAS BEEN A TEARLESS TRAINER OF LIONS FOR TEN YEARS, TELLS HOW IT IS DONE
I HAVES been asked to tell how lam
training Wallace. My answer Is: I
am training him as -I have trained all
the other lions whosa education — or,
rather, subjugation— l have taken In
hand during the more than ten years that
X have been known to the public as a lion
tamer.
I am training him with a view to gain
ing first his tolerance, second his liking
and third his respect and obedience.
Wallace., as every one who has visited
th« Chutes knowr. Is one of the finest
Wallace In /to Cagßr*
entirely different from that of extract
ing- sugar from cane. To get sugar
from cane it is only necessary to
squeeze out the juice, evaporate the
water anfi stir the residue to produce
granulation. This can ail be done on
:> small scale, but to get sugar out of
beets an elaboiate plant Is necessary.
I g to the nature of the b— 'ts they
cannot be pressed or squeezed, because
the macerated fiber would produce a
disagreeable taste that could not be
got rid of during the manipulation
that follows.
Let us see how it is all done.
Out in the fields for miles and miles
around Salinas beets are ready to har
vest. The tops are not as green as
they were some weeks ago, which Indi
cate that they are ready to be made
into sugar.
First a man with a plow com^s along
and turns a furrow that throws the
specimens of his kind now In captlvtty.
He Is a forest-bred animal, untamed save
by the mere fact of captivity, which has
by no means broken his spirit, and he Is
mature, being seven years o!d, which In a
lion signifies that he has arrived at his
majority and is fully worthy of his title
as monarch of the beasts.
To tell the truth, Wallace Is by far the
hardest experiment that I have yet
attempted, for he has so far known no
living creature superior to himself.
Any lion-tamer knows that It Is far
beets out where they can be reached.
To pull them out of the ground, except
where they are very small, would re
quire the strength of a mule coupled
with a derrick. Then another man
comee with a long knife that
looks like a machete and cuts off the
green tops at a puint just above tha
sugar-bearing section. Then the beets
are thrown into a wagon and hauled to
the factory. First they are weighed
and then dumped into the receiving
bine. Some beets from a distance come
to the factory In freight cars. These
are run up onto a platform and with a
hydraulic pump the entire car is turned
over and the contents dumped into the
receiving bins. They are now ready
for the trip through the factory to come
out in the form of brown sugar all
ready for the refiner.
It is necessary, In order to keep the
factory running, that the beets flow
better, both as regards personal safety
and educational results, to begin tha
training: of a lion while, he Is yet a very
young- cub. My Prince, who Is second to
no performing: lion In the world, I brought
up, as one might say, on a bottle. I
cuddled and petted him and carried him
about with me and fairly loved him Into
doing what I wanted him to do.
At the present time I am trying to get
upon good terms with Wallace. I visit
him every morning and feed him with
my own hands. There Is a platform built
•♦* . . ♦* , Making friends iOith Jier fierce fetr* • •  ; ..» .\ ^
THE SUNDAY CALI*
Into It In a steady stream. The be
ginning of this i« at tho big bins. At
the bottom of each of these is a con
duit with a stream of water running
through it. When the beets are dumped
into the bins they fall upon a bottom
of heavy boards laid in position loosely
over the water. When the bins are
full the boards at each end are lifted
out and the beets allowed to fall into
the stream of water beneath. They are
now started on the journey through the
factory and nothing can stop them ex
cept some derangement of the ma
chinery.
'Beets. are composed of about 95 per
cent water and v per cent fibrins. In
the tiny cells of the fiber the sugar
exists in a free stats. The first thing
to do is to open these cells and let the
sugar get out.
When ths beeta reach the corner of
the factory where the work begins they
£y /tdgier*
so that I am on a level with him, and I
get up on this and talk to him and give
him meat and milk. He has already
grown accustomed to my near presence
and will come to me when I call him.
After another week I hope to be able to
enter his cage, but it is necessary to be
slow about thlß, as he may be of tho
treacherous kind, In which casa I am far
better off outside.
are seized by elevating screws and raised
to the washing tanks, where by a pro
cess of scrubbing: and scouring every
particle of foreign matter is removed
from the outsides. The beets then find
their way into great buckets that hoist
them skyward into the big distributing
boxes. From here they drop down into
the cutters, where by razor-like knives
they are cut into tlie thinnest khid of
stringy slices. Then comes a bath in
the diffusion tanks. This is always at
a gentle temperature and absorbs
nearly all of the sugar out of the beet
slices. The fiber is now of no use in
sugar making and a straining process
removes it out of the building to a
place where It can be converted Into
cattle food.
The rest of the sugar making process
consists of removing the very fine par
ticles of vegetable fiber, evaporating
the water and causing 1 crystallization.
One* I succeed In being: admitted I shall
go In dally, armed with a small Iron rod
and a light piece of board wide enough
to form a kind of shield for my body.
Then I shall put him through the regu
lar course of Instruction. I shall make
him Jump the bars by driving him around
the cage and standing directly In his
way when he wants to pass. He has
either got to Jump me or the bars in
order to go by, and the bars are lower,
bo he Jumps them. Of course all lions
are liable to strike out and snap at you; —
The first of these is accomplished by
mixing the fluid with milk of lime in
the carbonization tanks. A boiling
then takes place and most of the im
purities are precipitated, but to make
doubly sure the clear fluid is put
through the filter presses that takes
out the finest kind of fiber. This pro
cess is repeated several times until
the fluid remaining is practically only
pure sugar and water. Then comes the
concentration of this juice.
This is accomplished in great closed
pans or evaporators heated by steam.
The sugary fluid passes from one
chamber to another, all the time get
ting thicker and thicker. When the
right point is reached it is drawn off
Into the vacuum-pan. This intricate
apparatus allows the fluid to be boiled
at a very low temperature, so that
crystallization begins. When crystals
of the proper size can be taken from
It Is your business to watch, Interpose the
bit of board. Jump back, and then — punish
them.
The rules for lion-taming: may be con
densed into two: First make your sub
ject familiar with your presence; sec
ond, make him or her understand that
you intend to be obeyed— that you see
everything:, know everything, and are all
powerful. The first sign of weakness,
mental or physical, ruins you with the
Hon.
The lion Is treacherous anS he is— when
learning Jib first Jric/cr*
the vacuum-pan the syrup Is allowud
to flow below into the centrifugal ma
chines.. Hern it is whirled around at
a speed equivalent to two miles a min
ute, so that every drop of uncrystal
lized syrup is forced out through tha
sides, leaving the finished product be
hind. This is sugar. And the beet
reaches this condition eighteen hours
after it was started through the con
duit from the bin.
But all the sugar has not been taken
out of the fluid. The second and third
grades remain. These are taken out by
returning the syrup to the vacuum-pan
and again heating It and putting It
through a granulation machine. This
yields the second grade of Eug*ar. A
repetition of the process yields th« third
grade. The product is now put In sacks
and sent to the refinery to come out In
the form of pure white oub«s and pQej
of snowy whiteness.
he feels that the tlzn* has coma as nrlft
and as sure as death. You may b«at htT "
a little to make him obedient; you may
beat him just one stroke too much and
you make him desperate. He cares for
nothing then but revenge.
I dreamed- the other night that Wallae*.
after I had thought him tame enough to
enter his cage, suddenly remembered th»
traditions which are a part of his royal
heritage. I thought he met me— eye to eye
—and then sprang at me as his ancestors
In the jungle spring at their helpless prey
I wonder if he will?DUT on your "looking backward"
1 J glasses, ye belles .' to-day, *_nd
scrutinize the social wonderland
I and belies of San Francisoo'3 ear-
X Hest and moat exclusive social sat.
Look at the interesting little band of
women who . -:-.:■ and had
their bein^ In ea.riy days when San Fran
cisco was in swaddling clothes; when the
bay line -■..•.- Montgom
ery street now rests high and dry, and
when the Western Addition was nothing
but a succession of shifting sand hills.
Thia band of women, bound gather
more closely, perhaps, because of their
isolation . from home and friends/ formed
a sooia! sot that was far more select and
conservative than that to be found at
most frontiers. They wore all young and
stroi.g eager v~> extract from life ail
the . ho-cy that it would yield.
Some had crossed the scorching plaln3,
•h lumbering ujl teams, others had come*
in ships that swept around Cape Horn,
but n. commas purpose had brought them
all. There was a popular belief that gold
v»aa to Be picked up in huge nuggets in
the public streets, and each one wxs am
bftious to. gather up a few.
The conditions oi the time, tha ease
with which money was acquired; mada
possible tne lavish and open-handed hos
pitality which was a characteristic of the
In all the social history of San Fran
cisco there has never been anything quits
like it. Only the other day one of thesa
belles oi forty years agoue lifted from
the cheat, which has been its reposing
place foe wsii nigh ha'.f a century, a sillc
frock thai she had worn !n the early tit
ties. Its voluminous folds wera trunk
wom and yellow with age, but as she
gave it a iuvir^g little shake, sighing the
while, she confidentially declared mat
there never U-rd tc^n and never could be
■isam anything to equal the mad joyrcs
r-^s of these never-tG-b*-fcrgott=n days.
San Frar.cisco was r.uted lor its pretty
v.-omen then, as it is no*. Indeed; its rep
utation as a stamping ground for beauty
has never waned. It also carries the paim
for well-dressed women, but look at these
styles: It Is said one might as well be out
of; the world as out oi the fashion; but
viewed in the light of present day fash
ions one feels that one would almost as
soon be found dead as to be obliged to ap
pear in public in the costumes that were
then considered tha very height of ele
gance.
The wemen floated about in great hoop
skirt monstrosities, tha sight oi which
to-day would throw you into "perfect
spasms'" of laughter, but peeping out
from uY.der the queer poke bonnets wera
eyes as bright and dimples as roguish as
those which are to-day employed in the
aame old pastime c* captivating raasgn
line hearts. An 1 think of the opportuni
ties of those poke bonnets, for doubtless
more than one maiden of ye olden time,
"in fastening her bonnet strings under her
chin, tied a young man's, heart within."
• • •
"What has become of these erstwhila
bo!i->s and social leaders?
Many have faded away into the shadows
and others are the grand dames p£ to-day.
rr.o:li-rs end even grandmothers, some of
them, of the reigning buds and bell-s.
Fancy far the mons^t that Time's
whe?l naa turned back to the 1350 notch.
Then focus your glass on the pr3c«2Siqn
of quaintly garbed women as It passes in
Firs: comes Mrs. Hagjrin. who camo
here from "Old Kalmuck" in IS3O, the
brtde cf J. B. Hagg-i-. then a rising young-
Shortly afterward her sistar, Miss Su
san G. Sanders, your.g. pretty and at
tractive, her. Lloyd Tevis wa<
then lir. Haggin's partner. lie atraijfht
•^ay fell in lave with his partner's littl«
siater-to-law and laid heart and buddlns?
fortune at her feet. They were accepted,
as ail the world knews.
As tiie beautiful yeHavr dollars roiled
into the Kairgin &. Tevis coffers, the
homos of these two partners became the
scene of many handsome entert^.:r.menr.-=.
Mrs Ha?gin is decid, but Mrs. Tevis
still presid'** in h';r beautiful home ori
Xob Hill, although the sound 3of merri
ment Gf yester-year are hushed, and i;
is now a house of mourning.
Mr?. Thomas H. Holt, as Hiss Addla
Smith, was a celebrated belle and beauty
Jn Washington prior to her plunge into
the sccial "swim" in this city. Her
glorious blue eyes and yellow ringlets
were a source of d-light to ail who looked
thereon, but how in the world do you
suppose she ever managed to get through
a doorway in that tremendous hoop?
Imagine a crowd such as that which
turned out to see "our boys" go march
ing by, with every woman encased in ona
of those colossal bird cages !
Mrs. Hall McAllister. pretty and
vivacious, enjoyed a social leadership
that was undisputed. Her me was i
nucleus for the fun-loving young people,
and a grand fancy dres* ball that she
gave is still remembered and talked of
Social
SW«TT
in
the
u©ns
Fast.
THE STTSDAT CALL,
as one of the most brilliant affairs . ,V
given in This city. Sirs. ifcAiliater died
a few years -since.
Mrs. Rar.sorne had the ordering of an
"'early day" household; and did her share
of entertaining. Her daughter, Mrs.
Neville. w:i a aupuiir iKcrafcer cf society;
and .aUi:o":^!i her husband was a "real,
live lord." she never assuxried the title
of "my lady."
Mrs. Whitney and Mrs. Toland were
the wives of two leading 1 physicians.
Mrs. Toland acquired considerable fame
as an author and artist. She had many
eccentricities, bat with their, ali was
never known to say an unkind word of
any one. She was particularly nico to
youns Siris and tireiesa m planning
pleasure tor them.
Mrs. Cnaries L. Weiler was one of the
earliest comers. H^r delicate type of
beanty was much admirrd and she was a
fatniiiar figure at most of the social
tions given in this city, as well as at all
the entertainme~r;3 v.x. the Executive
Mansion, in Sacramento. Vturtag Jonn B.
Waller's term of oSice as Governor of the
S Mrt Robert Beck. a. Mis 3 Hill, w « one
of the very few girls in 3an Francisco in
the early r.fti-»s. Indeed a single girl in
that colony of young named n-amen was
a rara avis, and her appearance in a pub
lic piace was a signal for a regular fusil
lade of stares. __ ,^
As an illustration of the queer -custfinis
of the times is raid the story of her first
appearance at <• theater. I- was in I^4,
and. accompanied ty her father, she occu
pied a seat in the first row of the Ire^'s
circle. She w>jrt a vivid crimson cloak,
beruffled tn the neck, rihe v.;i.i a "nut
brawn maiden" and the scarlet wrap ron
trastin? with the masses of dark brown
hair marie a charming- picture. So evi
tientiy thought the men who filled the
parquet, for aa she took h«*r seat -v-rv
man rose aa with one accord, turned and
leveled his cnera. ?!ass at her. Imagine
the indignation such a' demonstration
would eccasic'n in-theso days.
Mrs. r. F. I.tjw was weil known fii
Marysvillfl in the fifties as Miss Maine
Creed, a niece ni J. C. Fall and a beauty
r.t the rlrst water. Mr. Low vras at on<;
time Governor of th;.< Srate and later was
appointed Minister to Chir>a. Although iv
the f.isht of the yenrs a f^>w Sfioiirnakes
have tumbled on Mr.-. Low'd head, they
n?«t there gra^efu;!;.'. and she still retains
mue& 'if the beauty for which she was
sq justly celebrated-
Mrs John B. FeUon was a daughter of
Judge Baldwin, who was th« author of a
celebrated book in ante-bellum days. The
Baldwins were all noted for their wit and
brilliancy and Mrs. Felton was no excep
tion.
Mrs. E. W. Leonard is another of the
old Cu'.iforr.ians. The lace cape shown in
th* picture adorned Mrs. Leonard's shoul
ders at one of the combination reception
and gurden parties with which General
McDowell" enlivened his stay at Black
Point.
Mrs. Friedlander was the wife of Isaac
Friediar.der. the grain king, and held a
prominent position in society. Her daugh
ter. Jliis Lizzie Friedlander, married Au
gustus J. Bowie, whurn. she has recently
left a widower.
The photograph of Mrs. George C.
Boardman ftiio taken when wai Miss
Julia Hart.
Mrs. R. L. Ggden is another of the early
settlors. Her daughter, now Mrs. Richard
Pe.iso. is pictured at her side.
itiss Lillie Hitchcock, now Mrs. Howard
Coit, is as fond of fun to-day as she was
in- the days when she "ran with toe ma
chine." tier connection with the Fire
Department is a bit or San Francisco his
tory. Every one knows what a pet the
firemen made of her when she was a slip
of a eiri* She wore a No. 5 badge and
accompanied them to every conflagration.
With all her boyish, independent ways,
r.o breath of scandal ever touched her.
She is still and always will be a fascinat
ing woman, for "age cannot wither nor
custom stale her infinite variety."
Mrs. .-.•>' ■ was Miss Bells
STv<-ar;nsen, one of the four "Swearingen
girls.''
Who that waj "in ilia swim" In early
days does not remember the princely en
tertainments at Bilmont at which Mrs.
W. C. Pals: on was the hostess, when
special train.4 were chartered and the
Whole country side turned oat to enjoy
the hospitality that seemingly was end
-I'hose wero tha days when the. fun
waxed so fast and furious that the week
days were all to shor: to hold it all and
the yvertiow took the shape of Sunday
picnics and festivities, until the good
Bishop, trembdng for the spiritual w°i
fare of his riock, protested with a paa-
Every one remembers 3lis3 Mollie Mc-
Mullin. Mtsa ..ennie McXulty and M 133
Ella Maxwell. This trio were always to
aie-ther, no social gathering was com
pk-ce without them, and where they were
there flacked the men, like Hies about a
molas-aea jug.
Miss MoiUa McMuliin was an acknowl
edged beauty in the early sixties, and o*
ail her suitors Milton S. Latham was th«
favored one. After her marriage her
elegant equipage drawn by two snowy
horses was a feature of the city.
Mis-j Jennie SlcJCuLty was one o* the
rirst of San Francisco's girls to receive
an Eastern education. Look at the over
dress and hat shown in her picture. Was
ther^" ever anything more ludicrous? And
y*c it was the height of fashion at the
time. Miss MoNuity was'the flrst to
adopt that particular style. In a spirit
of /mischief she donned the frock one day
aril hied her to a photographer's. As she
tripped down' the street she was followed
by an unknown youth whistling- "The
Girl' With tlia Grecian Bend." one of the
popular -songs of the day. Miss McN'ulty
!i now Mrs. Thurlow McMuliin and the
mother of one ci San Francisco's most
popular beaux.
Prstty. laughtarrtovlng Ella Maxwell,
the last of the trio, dieti in ISTO. -
The wedding of Miss Helena Atherton
an<i Fred Maeondray was a tremendous
irfair. It took plac^ a: the Atherton coun
try home, then known as Valparaiso
Park. The guasts went down in a special
train, 'here was a band of music and the
mcrrv-ra.iking extended into the "we«
Etna'- huurs." Mrs. Macor.dray Is now
Mrs. Percy Selby.
When her sister, Alejandra Atherton,
was married to Major J. L. Rathbone
there was another grand celebration. But
i>h, how it stormed that night! The engi
neer in charge of thg train that took the
wedding suusts back to the city re
marked the following- day that not one
of them realized the actual danger they
had been In as the train fought It 3 way
through the furious elements.
Miss Roberta Waikingshaw made a bril
liant match when she married Pepe Bar
ron. He built the residence on Stockton
street now owned by the Borels. It was
palatial in those days and many a gay
bail was given there.
• • •
The pageant has passed. It Is time to
ring down the curtain and extinguish the
lights. You've smiled at the comical old
costumes, the grotesque hats and the ri
diculous arrangement of the hair/
Has it occurred to you that forty years
from now your picture may be the ob
ject of as much mirth to another genera
tion: that the sheath-l!ke g-owna and
pompadour will probably strike others as
absurd as the hoop skirts and queer head
adornment have you to-day?
Sccrety
/Hards
oF
To-Day
R^d
, of
CU>«fOtJS
Eai-Ty
Day .
Cisterns
srjd
Sti-arige
GcV/r|£
ai-[d
Bonnes
Your
8189
TIIE Srai)AT CALL.