VOLUME LXXXVII-KO. 3.
TERRIBLE LOSSES IN SOUTH AFRICA
CAUSE DISMAY IN GREAT BRITAIN
English People of All Classes
Are Beginning to Realize the
Serious Consequences of the
Conflict With the Boers — Me
thuen's Heavy Losses in the
Modder River Battle.
LONDON, Dec. 3.— The prevailing sentiment daily
here is that England is paying very
dearly for the war in South Africa, and there is a feeling
of dismay over the terrible losses. I have seen a letter,
■en by a member ot the royal family to-day,
>c son is in the Coldstreams with the Orange River
- -nn. and is thus in the thick of the fight. In it his
Hifchness sa> s :
'All these victories sound very grand as heroic
ounters and proofs of British pluck, but they are
small frcn a practical military point of view. No vic
tories 2re creat where £uns have not been captured.
V\e have raker, no cennon from the enemy. '
Women arc beginning to lose heart as they see each
fresh mourning into new families. The
hunt balls and country house parties are being put off in
r.umbers. . ;>oint to the coming winter being one of
• rded dullness. The hunting fields are shorn of their
Bt brilliant riders. In these and a thousand other
s the pir.ch of war has been felt more keenly each
So much for the rich. The poor also feel the war
> seriously, for it is almost impossible in winter to
get ordinary subscriptions to the usual relief funds. The
c just say, We can't give any. for we have to sub
scr v \e can afford to war funds."
Th« for 10.000 more troops to the colors has
and a violent start, in many clubs members
B rpret it that Buller has found indications that the job
is fco:n£ to be much larger than was at first anticipated.
Theater receipts are falling off woefully, lor an end
less number of families have little heart to sit through a
play when they hear newsboys calling without all man
ncr of sensational war news.
LO-VDON. Dec. 3.— Another
<iay of silence as to- the present
movements oi the British troops
has further increased the feeling
of anxiety which prevails among
all classes. The long list of killed,
wounded and missing among the
non-commissioned officers and
privates in the engagement at
Modder River is now forthcom
ing with a total of 76 killed and
37» » wounded and missing. This
brought home to the hearts of the
English people with renewed
force the fact that this war will
entail an appalling loss of life be
fore it is finished.
On the other hand the dis
patches to the War Office j-how
that Lord Methuen's last battle
was a decided British victory,
clearing the Boers from the river
and railway line and allowing
Lord Methuen to set his engi
neers at work repairing the
bridge, which is essential to the
execution of his designs, as with
out its aid provisions, so urgently
needed by Kimbcrley. cannot be
conveyed there, nor can refugees
be moved back to Cape Town.
There is little doubt that Lord
Methuen can now freely pass as
many of his troops as he requires
across the river. Were Kimbor
BRITISH CASUALTIES AT
THE MODDER RIVER BATTLE
Killed, 76. Wounded ar)d Missing, 376.
LONDON. Dec. 2.— As surmised, the British dead and wounded
at the hard-frought battle of Modder River last Tuesday number
Is. The War Department to-day gave out tbe information
otal number of casualties was 452 and the number filled
was 76 The revised list of Modder River casualties, non-con)rr)is
sioned officers and n)en, is divided as follows:
Ninth Lancers, I wounded ; Engineers, 2 wounded; Artillery, 3
25 wounded; Second Coldstrearns, 10 Killed, 56 wounded ;
Third Grenadiers, 9 Killed, 38 wounded, 4 missing ; Scots Guards, 10
Killed, 37 wounded, I rr)issing; Northumberland Fusileers, II Killed, 34
wounded; First Northumberlands. 3 wounded; Second YorKshire,
9 Killed, 44 wounded ; First North Lancashire, 3 Killed, 16 wounded ;
Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders, 18 Killed, 95 wounded, 2 rr)iss
ing; First Coldstreams, 20 wounded; South African Reserve, I
wounded: Medical Corps, 1 wounded; Ren)ington Guides, 3 wounded.
The san Francisco Call
;
■
I advance with the bulk :
clear the way to the
beleaguered garrison, with whom
he i- be in helio
£raj»hic communication.
•ore certain that Kimberley
The fact of Mcthnen being re
inforced from He Aar by ihrce
• infantry and a cav
sible that
he may. when he readies kim
bcrley. be able to await the com
m of ( ieneral ( iatacre's con
centration on the frontier and the
arri\. arles Warren's
on. his line of communica-
Colony being
guarded by troops from the Mod
der to the Orange River.
When he crosses the Modder
River it --. ccnain that he,
will find the Boers blocking his
advance to Spytfontein — it would
be difficult to imagine a position
better situated for defensive tac
■■.an that in which the Boers
are. The mad which General
ien must follow pa
through a belt of very broken
try. Stony hills stretch on
-ide for four to six mile-;, an
extent of front which will render.
SAN FRAXCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1899— THIRTY-TWO PA(iES.
"THE LAST CARTRIDGE."
From Black and "White.
This picture was suggested by an Incident of the fight at Nicholsons Nek. near Ladysmith. October 10. Having lo«t
the greater part of their ammunition by the stampede of the mules of the mountain batter and the pack train the
British aoldJen ran short of cartridges, and the wounded men emptied their belts for those who were stlU able to .Uwd
■ :ult any turning 1 movement.
If the Boers who hold i 1i 1
eventually driven out they will
have Kimberley and its garrison
directly in their rear and may
their puns.
REINFORCEMENTS REACH
GENERAL METHUEN
LONDON. Dee 2.— The "War OflW has
received th* following from General
Forester- Walker:
"CAPE TOWN, Friday. Df>c. L—Gen
eral Gatacre reports no change in the
situation.
"General French had made a recon
raissnr.ee from Naauwport to Rossmead.
The troops returned to-day.
"General Methuen's flesh wound Is
Flight. He Is remaining at Modder River
for the reconstruction of the bridge. Am
reinforcing him with Highlanders an a
cavalry corps. Horse artillery, the Can
adian rectment. Australian contingent
and three battalions Infantry moved up
to De Aar and Helmont line."
From General Forester-Walker"? dis
patch It Is proved that all reports of Gen
eral Methu«>n'B advance after the battle
of Modder River were premature, thougn
with the railroad working he should not
he long In constructing a temporary
bridge. His enforced delay doubtless will
be of considerable service in giving his
hard-pushed column needful rest, and in
allowing the arrival of reinforcements, of
which he must be sorely in need aft»r
three such fights, placing hors de .mi.it
upward of a thousand men out of less
than 7000.
General Forester-Walker's announce
ment that the Canadian marksmen and
other reinforcements have been pushed
forward to the neighborhood of the
Orange River to protect General Me
thuen's line of communication has re
lieved much anxiety here, where it was
fully expected the Roers would attempt
to attack the vunerable points of the
line of commuicatlon.
DESPERATE EFFORTS TO
SECURE DUTCH RECRUITS
LONDON. Dec. 2.— A dispatch from
Cape Town this evening- says Lord
Methuen's advance undoubtedly Is bfffln
nlng to affect the Boer etrategy and prob
ably explains- the withdrawal from Mool
River. The continued presence of com
mandos In Cape Colony tends to confirm
the opinion that Boers arv making des
perate efforts to recruit their forces from
the Dutch residents. While it is impos
sible to obtain exact Ftatiatica. it Is ab
solutely certain that the disaffected Dutch
have Joined the Boors In great numbers,
which are still increasing Most of the
recruits are young men. General Bolter 1 !
message clearly Indicating the punish
ment for disloyalty having deterred the
actual, holders of farms from joinlns the
Boers through fear of confiscation . of
their property. There are now clear
proofs that the loyalty of the border
Dutch Is unable to withstand the prox
imity of Boer commandos. The rest of
the colony is apparently quiet, but there
Is a strong undercurrent of sympathy for
the Boers. The outlook regarding ("ape
Colony, however, may be regarded as
hopeful. ....
The Boers, as well as the. British, under
estimated the strength of their opponents
and every encasement has evidently
tended to establish a hearty respect for
Tommy Atkins.
SECRETARY HAY'S SON
SENT TO SOUTH AFRICA
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2. -The President
has designated Adalbert F. Hay to pro
ceed at once to South Africa as the rep
atlve of the State Department and
take th>- place of Mr. Macrum. th« pres
ent United States. Consul at Pretoria.
The State I>. r-artment has yuided to Mr.
Macrum"* repeated appeals to be re
lieved, and he will not await the arrivai
of Mr. Hay before quitting his post. Mr.
Hay Is the son of th«* Srrrotnry of State.
AMERICAN HOSPITAL
SHIP A MODERN MARVEL
LONDON, Dec 2.— The American ladies'
hospital ship committee is in high delight
at the unexpected windfall of £5000 down,
with £5000 more promised. Why the donor
should remain anonymous it Is difficult
to imagine, but he so wishes it. Every
thing points to it being Mr. Baker, the
president of the American Transport
Company. The Maine Is being fitted out
to-day in a way to make .her a model In
the future for all hospital ships. She will
be an Improved Missouriwhat.is.to.say..
the experience gained upon the Missouri
will he utilized. In fact, neither expense
nor labor is to be spared. She will Mil
on the ISth day. after .1 dinner at Carl
ton, when Lady Randolph Churchill will
sit at the right of the Prince of Wales.
Mrs. Arthur Paget. Mrs. Leslie and Mrs.
Moroton Krewen have had charge of the
American nurses. One or them remarked.
"We have been treated like royalties."
They have been escorted about arid taken
to see theaters, and to-day they are en
joying pleasure by special invitation is
sued by Lady Warwick 0/ visiting h/>r
famous castle.
RENEWED REPORT
OF JOUBERT'S DEATH
Hec. 2.-Accordinc to •
special dispatch from <■.!!■■ Towi
eral Joubert was killed November I
<Jeneral Ruller's dlspat.h of Novonber
:< -<h>wrd that fJeneral Whit
communication with General Joubert or
!">mebody impersonating him about No
vember 19.
ADDS TO THE BRITISH FUND.
HONOLULU. Nov. X.-A thousand dol
lars were «»*»nt on the steamship Warri
moo to Victoria by British residents of
Honolulu for the fund started in London
for the care of the families of soldier*
sent to South Africa. Rudyard Kipling's
famous po*m. "The Absent-Minded Beg
gar." suggested the donations, which
were collected In a few hours after tho
movement was started. Further sub
scriptions will be forwarded on a later
steamer.
THE COUNT'S CHEERFUL SPEECH
VIKNN'A. Dee I '"lunt Goluchow
*M. the Austro-Hungarlan lOntstet of
Foreign Affairs, made a cheerful w\
to the foreign committee- of tl»e Hunga
rian delegation to-day regarding th?
South African war. He expressed confi
dent hop* that the conflict would main
BULLER'S CAMPAIGN HAS
BEEN MATERIALLY CHANGED
LONDON, Dec. 2.— The South African war progresses
slowly. The work of rectifying the false military situa
tion Is evidently none too easy General Ballot I cam
paign. Instead of being aggressive, as planned, is now
wholly subservient to the necessity of relieving Klrnber
ley and Ladysmlth. It seems that both objects will soon
be gained, though not without another engagement' be
tween General White's unstrengthened forces and the
reinforced Boers.
General Methuen is described in a weekly as being
the bright spot In the Boer campaign. He has won great
popular favor by his victories on the march to Kimberley.
No one. it is said, knows the topography between the
Orange River and Klmberley better than he does. He
traversed in ISS4 all the ground he is now operating on.
The general works his men harder than almost any other
British officer, and Is somewhat Spartan In his habits,
taking enlisted men's rations and living their life. In con
trast to General Clery. who Is accompanied by a special
French chef and strictly ordered his staff to take out
an ample supply of stores and delicacies.
Colonel Baden-Powell's book. "Aids to Scouting."
proofs of which ho read at Mafeklng. will bo published
this week.
FRANCE DEMANDS CABLES
FOR NATIONAL DEFENSE
PARIS. Dec. 2.— The absolute dependence of
France upon England for news of the Transvaal
war, owing to the fact that the cables are under
the control of the Finglish, has greatly irritated
press sentiment. The Colonial Commission has
urged the Government to take immediate steps
to equip France with cable communication with
her colonies in the following order:
A line uniting France with Senegal, another
with Madagascar, and a third connecting Ton
quin with the Danish company's cables.
These, the commission say, are an urgent
necessity, and afterward will be needed lines be
tween Senegal, Konakry, Grand Rassam. Koto
noa and Congo, while another should connect
Indo-China with Djibouti and Madagascar. The
commission also strongly advises watchfulness
in the Pacific, so that French possessions may
be brought into cable communication with the
metropolis by means of American and German
lines.
One hundred and twenty-five million francs
($25,000,000) would be needed to carry out the
project. An increase of commerce is expected to
cover the outlay, but with true French logic, it
is claimed that whether trade warrants it or
not, the work should be undertaken for the pur
pose of national defense.
tain it« local character and said the ap
prehension of widespread complications
therefrom were not justified.
The Foreign Minister spoke of the Drel
bund as "a veritable stronghold of
peace." from which Austria-Hungary
would bo wise not to depart.
In regard to the rivalries with Russia
over Balkan region questions Count Oo
luchowski said they had lost their dan
gerous acuteness. He closed with urgins
the necessity .if an increase in the navy,
which he asserted was utterly Inadequate
and hardly sufficed for the defense of the
coast.
- . . ■ -- - » ■
PBUSSIAN MAJORS MISSION.
RLIN, r>er. 2. -In spite of Urn
;on that Major v>>n Reitienstein of
■1 i?en»"r;il staff, well known as
« ■ - -■ ; ■ • ' ! gone to South
I •>gr.tin from Naples that the
pt^amt-r Konll r>Hr^"-~ahim. with the
«n b<>ar. ben on N
and that he will arrive
Bay or. lH>c*mber 5. and will £v ai uiice
to Boer headquarter*.
MORE TROOPS SAIL.
LONDON. Dec. 2.— Another detachment
of 3000 British troops sailed for Sou Af
rica to-day.
Owing to the phenomenal sal j of the
newspapers consequent upon th.' war, a
paper famine is threatened. It is report
ed that the mo limn supplier have fail
ed temporarily. _
TO SMALL TO NOTICE.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— The State De
partment will take no cognizance of the
party recruited by Gustav Thellkuhl for
the alleged purpose of going to South
Africa, as the department officials »ay
the British authorities have not called at
tention to the movement and it is not
looked upon as In any way serious.
MARK HANNA STILL
IN ACTIVE POLITICS
Says That It Is His Duty to Call
Together the Next Republican
National Convention.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— The World to
morrow wil! publish the following Inter
view with Senator Mark Sanaa: "If any
body thinks I am out of active politics
let him wait till a fight starts up and see
If I will be. I have never yet shirked a
duty of this kind.
"Do you think a man like m*. who
has gone so far In this thing: called poli
tics, ho has worked so faithfully for
his party, would crawl out just before
another national campaign, when respon
sibilities have grown heaviest an.: every
party leader is in honor bound to do all
he can do for th*» cause? Does anybody
suppose I would put myself before the
country on such a proportion*
"Now. I'll tell you about this chairman
ship of the National Republican Commit
tee. You see. I am not a member of that
committee. I am simply chairman of It.
My term will not expire until after I have
Th* story is now told as to how Colnnel Baden-Pow~!I
went to Mafeklng. It appears that while on leave In
London In July, having left ht.s regiment in India, ho
met Lord WolMl«]i In Piccadilly.
"Holloa." said the commander in chief: "you ought to
be In South Africa Can you get out at oncer*
Colonel Baden-Powell left that day.
According to "Mainly About People." th*» Queen Ist
grieving M deeply over the heavy losses on the British
side In South Africa that she can scarcely be Induced to
talk on any other topic; and as a result she Is subject to
severe sciatic and other nervous attacks. •
It Is reported that Rear Admiral Harris, command
ing at Cape Town, much disapproved of sending a naval
brigade to the front, and Sir John Colam. a former cap
tain In the navy, and others, have written to the Time*
and service papers protesting against the habit of employ-
Ing sailors In land fighting, on account of the greater
difficulty In procuring sailors than soldiers. the greater
coat of their production ann consequent undermannlng of
Teasels. The army recruiting returns for November show
an unusually low total, almost the smallest on record.
It is said In explanation that th*» calling out of the re
serves and militia has created a labor demand which la
not yet supplied.
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
cauea me national convention of Repub
licans In 1900.
"When the committee meets I shall
have to be there as chairman of the. com
mit tee and make my report. Then tha
convention will proceed with its business.
After this is accomplished th« national
committee will be selected by the dele
gates from the various States.
"This committee will then meet to elect
a chairman. I simply ask you who can
sp<>ak for me at this early date and say
I am out of politics and have declined to>
accept another term as chairman of tha'
committee^. — • -^r".. - .^.*
"It Is mmptv folly if "a man declines"*
thin* before the possibility of his accept
ing: or declining It has arisen.
"I certainly shall not withdraw from
the chairmanship of the national commit
tee before mv time is up. You can put
that down as ml
MAY KEEP SCOTT
OUT OF THE SENATE
Protest Filed Against the Seating
of West Virginia's Sena
tor-Elect.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2. -An attempt Is
to he made to prevent Nathan B. Scott.
Republican Senator-elect from >-- Vir
ginia, from taking the oath of office when
the Senate convenes next Monday. It I*
alleged by John T. McGraw. who was hN
Democratic opponent before th» Legis
lature, that Mr. Scott did not receive th*
votes of a majority of the member* of tha
West Virginia Legislature and was not
elected to the Senate.
A protest against his being seated,
signed by majority of the members of
the Legislature, has hern filed.
It was the Intention to allow him to bo
sworn In and then try to have the peat
vacated subsequently, but Mr. McGraws
attorneys have prepared a supplemental
brief. In which they contend that Mr.
Scott should not be mi In. The- whnlm
case rests on whether votes of a majority
of the members of the Legislature, or
only of a majority of those who partici
pated In the election, are required to el«i-t
a I'nlted States Senator. The general be
lief is that Mr. Scott will be seated.
OVEBDUE SHIPS SIGHTED.
VICTORIA. B. C. Dec Z— The ship
Hxhlan.i Light, long overdue, reached
here to-day. She was In the BtnlU a.
month ago. but wan driven hack by con
trary wind*. The Highland Light sight
ed the Col usa November I'» bearing north
east off Cape. Flattery with two vails
missing, arvl left the Ferris. 8 Thomp
son at the entrance of the straits yester
day.
PORT TOWNSEND. Wash.. Dee. 1—
The bark Ferris S. Thomson, which
sailed from San Francisco October % for
Port Discovery, was reported this even
ing off Dungeness making the longest
voyage on record since l*tl\ between San
Francisco and Puget Sound. The baric
Niirrlsrale. Captain Charles Wllloughby,
in !»»>4. was sixty-three days from San
Francisco to Port Angele*.2
HAWAII'S ANGLICAN CHURCH
UNDER AMERICAN CONTROL
Bl HOP WILLIS, a Noted Religious Worker of Hawaii
H. 4 -The recent visit of Bishop Potter of the American
Bpiscopa] church was well • Bed Arriving practically on the eve of the
u^MmMini; of the Diocesan Synod of the Anglican church of Hawaii, he.
:>.* an fn:luc-ntial member of the committee of increased responsibilities
<>* the American church, was enabled to lend the weight of his position
and the ndvicc of experience and information to aid Bishop Willis and the
syno.i In projiarlng the path for Amexicnnlxlng the Anglican church and trans
ferring the orclrFiasilonl Jurisdiction fr. m Borland to America as a consequence
of annexation.
Owir.sr to certain facts •id conditions, political and personal, existing In the
churrh of Unwai!. consummate tact and discretion were necessary to promote
a harmonious homogeneity of action. The visit of Bishop Potter enabled Bishop
Willis to present uith the Indorsement as '■ v.»rc of the American church the plan
of transference «.f ,lurls<liction In f=o knowingly a businesslike manner that una
r.lmity prevailed throughout the synod's discussion.
The p'.an in brief was as follows: The appointment of a standing committee
fnr the dioersr xn art as a council of vice for the Bishop, this council to con-
FIH of two priests and two laymen.
The formation of a permanent committee to consist of the Bishop, the stand
ing committee and one layman, to act up a board of missions.
Thu adoption of the following resolution, which, to follow Bishop Willis.
makes "no break in the continuity of life of this diocese of the Anglican church,
as it passes out of its present isolation as a missionary diocese of the Church
of England into the organization of the church in the United States":
Resolved. That, the Hawaiian Inlands h»vlnir bern annexed by the United State* of
America, thin *ynod hereby rxt<ref»e ß Us genera! agreement with the principle on which
Of report of the committee Da the increased responsibilities of the church presented to the
General convents at Its action In ISM wag based, viz.. thit the Hawaiian Islands should
Ultimately com* under the spiritual Jurisdiction Of the United States, and further puts
on record it* readlr.ee* xn laic i-uch steps .- may be necessary for bringing the Anglican
church In Hawaii into union with the church in the United State* whenever a: invi
tation to that effect proceed from the authorities of that church to the diocese of Hono
lulu. It bolnr made clear at the same time that the Interests of the church in Hawaii
shall »>• duly and FUfrtclently safeguarded and Us Integrity maintained, and that the cup
port the ni*hnp and clergy now receive from England will be continued by the church
la tlie United States until the diocese or missionary Jurisdiction of Honolulu becomes
i financially independent.
A committed was then appointed to raise the necessary endowment fund,
toward which there is now in the hands of the S. P. O. of r.don a sum of
about SKttO. HORACE WRIGHT.
GUERIN ASKED
FOR NEW COUNSEL
Application Rejected by
M- Falleries.
; «teh to The r a ii.
.•AHIS. Dec. 2-In the High Court
(Senate) to-day M. Guerln asked for an
adjournment of the proceedings to per
mit the selection of new counsel. The
Publio Prosecutor objected and M.
Guerln argued, amidst a fearful din from
The prisoners, among whom M. Andre
iluffit. vice president of the Young Loy
alist league and representative of the
Duke of Orleans* political bureau, was
«llßUtigui.shabl<> as especially violent. The
Public Prosecutor demanded M. liuffet"s
expulsion, whereupon the uproar in
<TeaM*d. and the president of the court,
M. Fallerles. ordered the prisoners to be
«Jeet< d. This was dr>ne after considerable
trouble. The session was then suspended
and the court ordervd that M. Huffet b«
c-xpelleil from the sessions for a week.
M. Fallerles eventually rejected M. Gu<»
rln> appliratlnn. whereupon M. Guerln
■ «k*<l to be allowed to withdraw. M.
J'allerlos rromptly refused, this extraor
dlnaiy request and M. I ;■.. rii retorted
1 heal rir.il | >• that he wished it to be under-
Ftood that he only remained In court un
der compuMnn. The president of the
court pakl no attention to this character
istic protest and resumed hearing the wit
nesses
An ex-roldlrr named Michael, who was
en duty at N>ullly Harraeks the day of
the Demiilode-Rogoi incident, testified
that M. I>»Toulede made a.x'lolent speech
to thf ofllcers. reproaching them with not
joining In his march on the
Elysoe palace.
General Hnget. who was afterward
railed to the stand, denied that he or any
other officer heard the r- mark* attrib
uted to M. D<T<)ule<le. Michael, however,
maintained the truth of Tilr assertion. "
Counsel fnr the defence protested
against reopening the :NeuMy affair,
which he pointed out nnd already been
tried.
AUSTRALIAN DROUGHT BROKEN
Catholic School Collapses and One
Scholar Is Killed.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Dec. -The
Bteamer Warrimoo arrived ■ .lav from
Sydney, ringing Australian advices to
November 7. The great drought ■ ü
broken in October. Terrific storma fol
lowed, doing gr»at damage, especially to
buildings. The Adamstnwn Roman Catii
c»r s-chon], in which forty children w»-re
a«*embled. rollaped. One scholar w.ts
killed and two others seriously Injured.
At the Eanta Cruz group of islands
CLARETS and
SAUTERNES.
THE WINES SHIPPED BT
A. De LUZE & FILB,
Bordeaux, France,
An, Without Exception, the Finest and Most
HelUble Imported.
CHARLES MEIXECKE A OCX.
AGENTS.
(U 6«crainent» Street, 6— Frasclsoo, Cd
11. M. S. Mohawk was told that a French
vofscl from Noumea had infringed th*»
labor recruiting act by giving natives
firearms and ammunition in return for
boys Impressed.
The Mohawk purposed to confiscate the
venal, but she escaped. The Mohawk's
officers say she had been practically guil
ty of slave trading.
The Hritish warship Ringdove met the
Antarctic exploring vessel Southern Cross
at Campbell Island October 23. The ves
sel reported all well.
Captain Lorraine, military aeronaut of
the first battalion Northamptonshire reg
iment, recently lost his life In making
an ascent In New Zealand.
POOR WERE ROBBED
OF A HALF MILLION
Police Estimate as to the Amount of
Money Handled by the Frank
lin Syndicate.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— lnvestigation of
Miller's Franklin Syndicate shows that
th« total amount of money that passed
through Its bands barely reached $500,000.
This is fhown by the checkbooks contain
ing the dividend checks that were to be
made on November 2.".. the day after M:.
ler"s flight. There were 5166 of these
dividend checks, representing a total
amount of ST>9,2S!> If
The interest paid being 10 per cent per
week. $600.0*) In round figures was all that
Miller could positively have got away
with. Even this sum muM greatly exceed
the real profits of the syndicate, since a
large number of depositors have left their
principal in the hands of the syndicate
more than ten weeks, and the sum.
therefore, had been repaid in the weekly
dividend!
A letter to a depositor was found, re
vealing a plan which. If carried Into effect,
would have greatly Increased the income
of the syndicate. This was an announce
ment that after the proposed incorpora
tion ol the company on December 2 no
deposits l*«s than J.Vi would be received
and all principals under that amount then
In hand must flthrr be raised or with
drawn. At least a third of the deposits
were for sums und«r JW). and it Is safe to
pay that a majority of them would have
been raised to the required sum.
NOT PAYING THE EXPENSES.
PARIS. Dec. 2.— The Duchess dl'yos
has telegraphed the newspapers here in
dignantly denying the report that she is
paying- the expenses of an alleged pro-
Hoer volunteer corps said to be forming
in New York.
Brass Bi\nd of Ladies.
SAN JOSE. Dec 2.— The Garden City
now has a brass band composed of society
young ladies. It has been organized sev
eral week*, but the matter baa been kept
•eeret. Fred Brohaska. a well known
musician. Is the leader. The organization
Is expect Ml to make a public appearance
mbera of the Land are:
nmf »* w a -, Flora and Mar >' Macabee,
•lillle Urohaskn. Mrs. O. Macabee Miss
Rosenberg. Stella Folsom. Julia La Hon.
ti.yno ' V,'? r i... Monl »'»". M:-- Hoi
loday Mi Hoover, Stella Hoard
Miss Arno and Fred Hrohaska. ah in
struments from a b*ss drum to a piccolo
are represented. imvcojo
Dsath of John H. Ford.
\ALLEJO. Doc 2.-John IL Ford died
at his residence Friday lifter a long 111
ne?« Dw> " as "* «as a native of Main*
and v, years of ago. Thirty years ago he
came to Vallejo and has resided here
ever since. He has been connected with
the grocery business for many years both
as an employe and a proprietor. He was
prominent In local politics twenty years
ago, being the successful candidate for
City Marshal on two occasions. He was
a member of San Pablo Lodge I. O O F
A widow survives him. " "
Methever Must Hnn^.
T.OS ANOKI.ER Dec 2- E. V. M-t},,-
vcr. the elderly shoemaker who was con
victed of murdering Dorothy McKle at
Long Beach, was to-day sentenced to be
Hanged. Judge Smith did not srt the date
of the hanging. Methever's defense was
that he was suffering from delirium tre
mrns when the murder was committed
The motion for a new trial and arrest of
Judgment was denied.
Peruvian Cabinet Resigns.
I. IMA. Peru, via Galveston. Tex. Dec
2-— Owing to the altitude of the Chamber
of Deputies the members of the Cabinet
h > avo . J rendered their resignations to the
President.
Tidal Wave Does Damage.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Deo. 2. via
Galveston. Tex.— tidal wave to-day
caused considerable damage on the coast
destroying moles, boats and other prop
erty along the chore.
THIS SAJS ITKAINCISCO CALL, b'UJNUAI, -LF-E-UJiiJUrSEit », I3>«tf.
GARDNER BELIEVES
BUCHANAN INSANE
_
fldmits Tfyat He Received a liar)d
sor^e pee for Examining h|im
at Marysville.
NAPA. Dec. 2.— Dr. A. M. 'Gardner, med
ical superintendent of the Napa State
| Hospital, received fliCO as his fee hi the
! case it Hugh Buchanan, who was pro
• nounced Insane by a lunacy commission
of which Dr. Gardner was a member.
, whiie or. trie! at Marysville for the. mur
der of M'!l!l2.:n H. Miles in lEM. He' testi
fied that he wr.s paid this Bum by E. S.
I Buchanan, a brother of Hugh, for exam
i ining and passlr.e upon the mental condi
tion of the latter In an Impartial manner
! and with the view of serving the ends of
! Justice.
Dr. Gardner occupied the entire day of
I the court's r e«elcn to-day. He took the
j ctand cr.ly after Attorney General Ford
j ai-A hla specie! o'torr.eya had intuit an
! effort to iave him from the ordeal of
j question and cress-question and after
J District Attorney 801 l had offered to take
j Dr. Gardner ac a witness for Hugh Hu
; chanan. In Hi' course of his ezamlna
; tlon he admitted thai Buchanan had man
j ifested no symptoms of Insanity during
j the five-year period of his Incarceration,
that he was in an improved condition
! .-'inee the time of bis conflnement, yet he
I declared that he believed him to be Incur
', ably insane, and expressed the belief that
j the petitioner, if accorded Jus«t cor.sidera
! tion. would never permanently leave the
asylum until be vr \s carried out in bis
coffin. He admitted that he had been
; mistaken in his original opinion of the
j character of Buchanan's malady— that he
was not suffering from petit rnal nor noc-
I turnal epilepsy— and that he had been
I mistaken In passing on the mental condi
tion of patients In the past. He also ad
mitted that he might be mistaken as to
the incurable character of Buchanan's in
sanity.
At one stage of the proceeding the wit
ness became pathetically dramatic. He
wag asksd If he were not agreeably dis
appointed In the improved condition that
Buchanan developed, when he replied:
"Now, Mr. Bell. I have known you a
pood long time, and I do not believe you
or uny other man that has known me* in
timately would believe that 1 would went
an unfortunate human being to become
more insane every day of his life and
live in th- unutterable misery that at
tends that unfortunate condition in or
der to substantiate one poor, little pitiful
opinion that might have been expressed
by me. No: I wish the boy were in a
condition to be discharged and that I
could feel conscientiously that I could
do it."
Attorney Anderson opened the proceed
ings by reading a deposition made by
P. H. Brewster, on attorney of Atlanta,
<;> and which had been r»ad at the
Marysville trial. The deponent testified
that In his opinion Hugh Buchanan was
not mentally sound at the time he lett
Georgia.
After a long argument Dr. Gardner was
put on the stand as a Witness in his own
behalf. Part of his very interesting ex
amination was as follows:
'"When did you iir«' meet Hugh Buch
nnan?"' "I think it was some time In
March or April of 15?4."
"What brought Hugh Buchanan at the
time to your notice? "Mr. Buchanan's
brother. Dr. Stone, and Mr Belcher of
Marysville called at the institution and
Mr. Buchanan said he wished me to go
to Marysville and examine Hugh Bach
anan a? to his sanity."
"What was said in relation to your go
ing there? i should like to hear the exact
facts as to what was said to persuade
you to go see Hugh Buchanan. "The
hmther to some extent told me what he
considered to be the condition of this
man. and after listening to him I told
him that possibly there might be some
Insanity in his brother. He asked me If
I would go and make an examination of
his brother."
"Did he at that time ask you what posi
tion you would take in the case, if the
case should come to trial? Did you or
did you not commit yourself on one side
or the other?" "I did not. I told Mr.
Buchanan that I would go and examine
his brother, provided he would pay for it.
and I reserved the right to pass any opin
ion 1 chose In the matter, but stipulated
that he should pay for my services in
any event."
"Who. were present besides yourself and
Mr. Buchanan?" "Dr. Stone was present,
and I think Mr. Belcher was present, but
I can't remember."
"Tell us the matter of pay." "He asked
me what I would charge and I told him
I should charge him $100 a day either for
testifying or doing any work in the
case."
"Did you Indicate any desire to partici
pate in the ease?" "Not at all. sir."
"When you pay $100 a day. what do you
mean?" "I mean the average number of
hours that anybody would consider a day
if he were doing work."
"What occurred next with reference to
action in connection with the suggestion
thus made?" "I went to Marysville,
probably In April— it might have been in
March— lSP4, and made the examination of
Hugh Buchanan In the County Jail."
Dr. Gardner further testified that after
making an examination of Hugh Buchan
an's physical condition and questioning
him he made an affidavit to the effect that
he considered there were great probabili
ties that Buchanan was of unsound mind.
HANDSOME HOME FOR
BANK OF SAN MATEO
New Building at* Redwood City Will
Be One of the Most Orna
mental in the County.
REDWOOD CITY. Deo. 2 -The new
home of the Rank of San Ifateo County.
cm the corner of Main and Urld»i<?
streets, is waring completion, and when
ready for OOOUMUtcy will be one of tho
• ornamental and substantial bulld-
ItlCI In the county.
It is situated on the site of the old
Grand Hotel, in the center of the busl
!„■- portion of th<> town. Its OOnstruo
tlon is entirely of brick and ■tone
The lower part Of the building will l»e
occupied by the bank, while on the MC
oml Rtorjr there will 1>»- four suites of de
sirable oil
Hank Of Han Mateo County was ln
eorporated in I>>'.<l. and since its incorpor
ation hai !■• •• n ''."ing buslneaa In a portion
{ the Capitol Hotel building. Its busi
ness has Increased to such an extent that
tiir present quarters are wholly Inane
auate The directors a few months ago
imrchusrrt a portion of the Grand Hotel
Mock and commenced tho erection of the
building now almost compl^t" d.
A largo and modern vault has l>ern
placed In the new home, in which there
will be n lars* mimiMT of Bate-deposit
for the accommodation of the pa
of t no. bank.
The otllc ■ rs of tho bank are: J. U Ross,
president; I*. P. chambrrlaln, vice preaj
deni; 1 . P. Behrens. cashier; Frank K.
Towne, assistant cashier.
FRANCE'S EMBASSADOR
HAS LEFT ENGLAND
Relations Between the Two Countries
Reported to Be in a Critical
Condition.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— A World special
from London says: France's Embassa
dor to England. M. Paul Cambon, re
turned to Paris to-day. From Paris comes
the news that the British Embassador to
France, Sir Edmund S. Monson, has ap
plied for a two months' leave of absence.
The departure of the French Embassa
dor, M. Cambon, It Is believed. is Intended
as a protest against • Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain's Leicester speech. It is said
that he will remain away until some ex
planation or qualification of Chamber
lain's language has been publicly offered
by Lord Salisbury.
The feeling In London Is that the rela
tions between the two countries are in a
critical condition. The World correspond
ent was Informed at the French Embassy
to-night that M. Cambon had left on pri
vate business.
Th© friends of the Old Government
Whisky are never drunkards. •
1 Witness related how he had refused to
; {rive any definite opinion regarding Bu
t chanan's mental condition until he had
I all the evidence before him, Including- a
, complete history of the life of the defend
I ant up to the time of the commission of
; the alleged murder at Marysville. He
.next told of the legal proceeding— the
/ appointment of the lunacy commission, of
j wn.ch he was a member: the verdict of
; the commission, the result of the special
J jury <-t»l)pd to try the question «ii insanity
j ana the commitment of Buchanan to the
asylum. Among other things he stated
that the course of Buchanan's attorneys
and o£ his brother, was governed by tne
advice witness gave In the matter of de
termining; the condition of Buchanan's
mind.
The examination then turned on the
question of compensation. It was as fol
low?: "About how many days wer* you
prevent In Mary3vllle during the progre«
of the murder care In which Buchanan
was defendant?" "I think 1 was in
: Marysvillc about five days I had gone
up before that time and spent about three
days iddltlonal when we rather expected
the trial to come off, and I was there two
lays at the time of the examination I
made in the tirst Instance, making in all
ten 'la;--"."
"Summarize the inquiries you made in
dependently. How much time, in your
| opinion, did you devote to these In
quiries?" "I devoted in the neighbor
hood of five day?."
"I think the understanding was that
you should be paid $100 a day?" "Ye 3,
sir. One hundred dollars a day was the
agreement." •:.'■
"How much In all were you paid?" "I
was paid $1500."
Witness admitted that his observation
of Buchanan since his confinement had
forced him to come to the conclusion that
the petitioner had not Buffered from
petit mal or nocturnal epilepsy, and that
his original opinion formed at Marys
vllle was erroneous, but he adhered to his
belief that Buchanan was and is still an
insane man. He also stated that he had
made mistakes in discharging patients as
cured when they were not so in fact. He
added that the greatest burden of a su
perintendent of an asylum is to pass
upon the question of a patient's recovery,
as lie Is held responsible before the peo
ple. "We are, for this reason, very
cautious," he continued, "in discharging
people who have been Insane. We don't
know what effect the new surroundings
will have on them."
Attorney l.lv< mash here submitted the
same hypothetical question, covering Bu
chanan's life history, that had been nut
to Dr. Robertson yesterday. To save time
all the experts were called in to listen to
the reading of the question, which was an
extremely long one. They were Dr. W. V.
Hatch. General Superintendent of the
State Hospitals; Dr. E. E. Stone. Dr. D.
Smith. Dr. J. H. Ban- and Dr. A. W. Hoia
holt. in addition to Dr. Gardner.
After the reading of the question the
other medical experts were excused, and
Dr. Gardner was asked what he consid
ered the mental condition of the man de
scribed.
He answered: "I believe such a person
as represented by the hypothetical ques
tion to be insane, and I don't believe that
such a person will ever recover."
Under the crops-examination of Attor
ney Bell Dr. Gardner admitted that since
his administration the asylum had con
tained in all about 3200 patients; that it
now contains about 1500 patients, and that
from 25 to 27 per cent of the patients are
discharged as recovered. Dr. Doater, the
first assistant physician at the Institution,
he said, came more Intimately In contact
with the patients than himself, and he
usually consult* his assistant physicians
in pronouncing on a patient's right to dis
charge. It was also his custom In difficult
cases to consult with the supervisors, ma
trons or attendants who were In close at
tendance on the patients, hut the life hlp
tory of the patient and other Information
were always taken Into consideration.
He admitted that Buchanan's memory
t* better 'now that It was at MarysvlMe
shortly after the murder, but thought
this might have been due to the fact that
Buchanan might have been suffering
from the effects of alcohol at Marysvllle.
The apparently defective memory "of Bu
chanan was one of the reasons on which
he based his opinion that Buchanan was
Insane. On the suggestion of Bell he ex
amined Buchanan's eyes and stated that
the pupils were less dilated now than
they wore when he examined them at
Mnrysvllle.
Dr. Gardner stated that ho assisted E.
B. Buchanan. Hugh's brother. in framing
the Interrogatories of the depositions tak
en in Georgia and Texas, but disclaimed
that he was most prominent in the work
of devising the Interrogatories.
"Why did you eliminate the factor of
the drinking habit from these Interroga
tories?" asked Attorney Bell.
"Buchanan's brother laid no stress on
his brother's drinking habits. It Is a mat
ter that should always he considered In
determining a question of ln««anltv. I
don't remember whether I asked about it,
but I think it Is very likely I did. There
w*rt'. however, sufficient other data to
indicate insanity In Buchanan's case."
Witness admitted that no attempt wns
made to pet affidavits as to Buchanan's
drinking habits after the matter had been
Interacted Into the case. He further
agreed with Bell that the great change In
th«» disposition, habits and mind of Bu
chanan might be explained on the basin
of excessive Indulgence In liquor. Ad
journment was taken until 9 a. m. Thurs
day next.
LEWIS M. HENRY LEFT
A WIFE IN HONOLULU
Matrimonial Record of the Man
Wanted by the Police of
Peoria, 111.
HONOLULU, Nov. M.— Lewis M. Henry.
who Is state, l by dispatches from Peoria.
111., to have a— erf d his wife In that city
after robbing her of $9000. has a wife In
this clt* . He left here as suddenly as ha
disappeared from Peoria and San Fran
cisco. It was to Honolulu that he came
after his trouble with the Spring Valley
Water Company of San Francisco, and
be was employed here as a discharging
cl«-rk by several firms along the water
front. One day. while at work on a ves
sel, he walked on board a transport and
has not been seen here since. It Is :-<up
poaed that he stowed himself away on
the transport. Mrs. Henry Is about to
return to San Francisco.
TAXES IN MEXICO
WILL BE REDUCED
Treasury Is in Such a Prosperous
Condition That Much-Needed Im
provements May Now Be
Made.
CITY OF ICBXICD. D»C 2.-A remark
able and most gratifying statement has
l'-n sent to CongreM I>y Finance Mlnis
tW I.lmamour. and will be received with
interest by all bondholders, for It shows
the marvelously improved position of the
Mexican treasury, which Is now able, so
ample are the revenues, to propose to
CongreM a reduction of the Federal
taxes. The cash revenue for the fiscal
year ended June last was $60,022,349. whol
ly derived from the usual and normal
sources and much in excess of the
Finance Minister's estimate, most con
servatively mad.\ while the returns for
live months of the present fiscal year
show an Increase over last year.
In view of this prosperous condition of
Mexico's revenues Minister Limantour
sends several bills to Congress of great
Importance.
Some H.uno.ooo is appointed for public
works of j.rime necessity, including new
schoolhouses in the Federal district, new
liustofllcf buildings here and at W-a
Cruz and other ««dlnces. The Government
further proposes to purchase some <>•:»
standing silver bonds bearing 6 per cent
interest and will also abolish export tax.-s
on tuffee. which will be a boon to the
coffee-grower*. It will. In addition, re
duce several Internal revenue taxes,
notably those on bank checks, life insur
ance policies and the tax imposed on new
companies according to tlie amount of
NAMED TO GUARD THE
FINANCES OF HAWAII
HON. T. F. LANSING, New Minister of Finance of Hawaii.
Photo by Williams of Honolulu.
HONOLULU. Nov. 24.— Hon. T. F. Lansing, the n-w Minister of
Finance of Hawaii, was born In the State of New York on Januarj 7.
1552. and has been a resident of the Islands since isx'.. He has risen by
his merits. A man of pleasing presence, with unchallenged Intel
he has gained an Influence over the community Invariably exerted f >r
its benefit. He works quietly and unostentatiously, hut very effectively. As a
member of the Board of Health he was reliable. As an elected Senator the
opportunity has been denied him of making his mark, but as a former Mln's
ter of Finance in Mr. Dole's ainvnistratlon he gained the name of l» ii. t 
servative nml practical. He believes In obeying the letter ;md spirit of t!.
in preference to following public clamor. He tv The Call correspondent
this morning:
"Fir the first time in trie history of Hawaiian government the receipts
have more than covered the expenses. But when you come to analyze the ap
propriations already made by the Legislature the surplus would not be su iar^e
M people Imagine If all thos'J money, rmd been expended. I shall m
floodgates of the treasury' except In the manner provided by law. There If the
future to provide for."
! their capital and other reforms welcomed
. by the public.
The Government has now a cash sur
plus of many millions of dollars and Is
I amply able to carry out its reforms, as
revenues from all sources show a natural
and gratifying increase.
DEMOCRATS OF UTAH
STAND BY ROBERTS
State Executive Committee Denies
That It Repudiates the
Polygamist.
SALT LAKE. Dec. JT— To-ntght a long
!i of tht." executfre committee of the
Democratic State Committee resulted in
the defeat of a prepared resolution de
claring that the committee had not re
pudiated Roberta, that he was not nom
. nor elected by Mormon church In
fluence, Rnd indorsing th« statements "f
* Rawlins, together with his pro- 1
poaed resotutkm for the Senate. •
(Jen tile present opposed the resolution.
Some members declared that it was prop
er for Congress to investigate the charge
that one of its members was living in
polygamy. ..
The following substitute was then
adopted, five Gentiles voting against it:
Whereas It has beon represented that the
executive committee of the Democratic party
of Utah did at a recent meeting repudiate the
lion It .11. Robert*, our duly elected Con
iramnan, now therefore, be It
Re«olve& by the executive committee of the
Democratic party of Utah. That said state
ment I* falce. and we nolemnl'- declare that no
cm!, action has" been taken. Mr. Roberts was
nominated and elected by the Democratic par
ty of Utah, and neither the party nor any
committee of the party has repudiated Mr.
Roberta.
COFFEE NOT LANDED.
Cargoes From Santos Kept Out of
New York.
NKW TOUK. 1»• ■<■. I— Health Officer
Doty removed to Swlnburru- Is'.ajid tO-day
for observation Third Knglneer Story "f
the Steamer J. W. Taylor, from Santos.
Story has hern under observation for the
I'.tst three or four days. This morning an
examination showed a small pimple on the
litt,. toe of his left foot, which was pain
ful There were no other Ren* ril symp
toms, the man's temperature being nor
mal.
As ;\ precautionary measure, however.
Mr. Doty decided to remove him to Swin
burne If land fur do— r observation and
bacteriological examination. This Is th«*
only suspicious case since the steumer
arrived here OQ November IS last.
President Murphy of the Hoard of
He.ilth declared to-day that the Taylors*
coffee, now on Uprhters. would not be al
lowed to come to the city under any
conditions. Two steamers from Santos,
Brazil, with coffee, arrived to-day. They
will probably have trouble In landing
their cargbefc
Fifty Years Wedded.
SAN' JOSE. Pec. L— Police f'nptjt.n
Thomas Vance and wife have issin-d In*
vitations for th» <;■]. (.ration of their
rold< n ireddios on Saturday, December
It, CaptaMi Vance has been a member of
the polUe force f«>r n.-arly a quarter of
a century, and in all this time ha* not
missed over a half dozen days. He and
his wife are very popular and their
guidon wedding will be a notable event.
Pension for Mrs. Nichols.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2— A pension of
tS'i a month was to-day granted to Mrs.
Jull.'t E. Nichols of East Oakland, f'aJ.,
willow of Captain Henry E. Nichols,
V s N late commander of the U. S. S.
Moimdnock. Captain Nichols died at
I'jiranaque. In Manila Bay. last June
as the rf»sult of overheating himself dur
ing an action with the insurgents.
Yda Addis Not Indicted.
SANTA BARBARA. Dec. 2 —The Grand
Jury hand.d Jn its report to-day, and
aft^r investiKation of the charge against
Mrs. Yda Addis Storke Jackson of at
tt-rtipt to murder Attorney Grant Jaeksan
It recommended that no further proceed
ings bo had against her on this charge.
Postofflce Robbed.
RIVERSIDE. Dec. 2.— The postofflre at
Perria was robbed last night. The robbers
broke open the front door, blew open th©
paf«- ami took $300 In money. $300 worth of
■tatripa belonging to the office. $3nO worth
of stamps Intended for the Oak C,r^\>
ofHre, besides some stamps and express
matter for Lakeview. The total loss is
about $950.
Killed by a Fall.
BANTA mVZ. Dec. 2— Elmer Dakin
died to-day at hla home. Soquel. tron
the effects of a fall from a horse. He
was Sheriff of this county for eight y\ir .
being elected after the adoption of the
constitution. He was fit! years of age and
a native of Ohio.
Amendment to Game Laws.
SAN RAFAKL. TVe. 2.— The Game Com
mission fraiin'<l to-night for the roMlfl
(ration of th<- Supervisors at their next
m« • thiK'. Monday. Memaber ■». an ami-n<l
m«-nt to th« discriminatory section of the
game ordinance which forbids the use of
a "pump" gun. Under th© provisions of
th<> projected ordinance all repeating
ahoteuna will be barred.
PREPARING FOR
GOLDEN JUBILEE
Pioneers Coming From
New Eng and.
Special Dlipateh to The Call.
PAN JOSE, Dec. 2.— Everybody In the
Garden City Is preparing for the Oolden
Jubilee celebration of Statehood, which
opens December 20. and the thousands of
visitors who will come to the city will be
royally entertained. "To keep open
hou.se" will be the order of the day and
nothing will be left undone to furnish en
tertainment for the guests. At least 20.
000 visitors are expected to be in attend
ance.
The Society of California Pioneers of
New England Is coming on an excursion
to i-elc-hrate the h«-mi-centennlal of State
hood. Tht> member! leave Boston on Dt
cember 11. Th^r.- will be about 300 of the
excursionists. Hesides the members of
ihln society, hundredu of pioneers in vu
rioui rarts of the I'nltfd States have
fipnlfled their Intention of coming to tiaa
]
Grand President Frank Mattlson of tho
Native Sons has notified Secretary Mur
gotten that the order will participate in
the celebration, and the Native Sons will
act In the capacity of recipients of the
keys of the State at the hands of the
Pioneers.
The model of the first State Capitol Is
nrarlns completion In the City Hall Park,
within a stone's throw of where the
original was located. Charles P. Wllley,
who painted tho Brat Capitol, will deco
rate the representation.
All the societies are hard at work for
the jubilee. Most of these will partici
pate ln the parade and keep open house
and entertain during the celebration.
A 90,000 candle-power searchlight will
be placed on top of the Court House
dome. At night Us rays will be thrown
upon I .Irk Observatory. on Mount Hamil
ton, and about the valley.
Yellow and blue has been selected as
th.- jubilee colors and the city will be pro
fusely decorated with bunting of these
hues. AcrOSS the streets will be suspend
ed myriads of vari-colorcd Incandescent
electric lights, while all posts along the
streets will be adorned with evergreens
The golden jubilee will be the greatest
celebration Santa Clara County has ever
had. besides being a historic one in which
the early history of th. State will figure
TRAIN-WRECKERS TOILED.
Disaster Averted on the Northwest-
em in lowa.
MARBHALT/rowN. la . Dor. 2 -An at
tempt was made laM night to wreck the
Northwestern eastbomid c.iorado special
its Center, a town sev.-nteen miles
easl Of here, but it was frustrated by the
watchfulness ..r the operator in' the
tower. llf> observed two m«>n placing ties
<»n the track just before the train was
due and flawed the tr.iin. Warrants
were sworn OUI for two men nnm^:
charging them with being the \»
who placed the ties on the track, but they
have not yet been apprehended.
A Daughter's Share.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 2.-City Attorney
Boyd recorded to-day another deed of irlft
«£•«*•£ by the lite John J. Heed, by
which his daughter. Miss Clotilda Reed.
Is made the owner of 554 acres of land,
valued at J«0.(iOO. This makes a total of
1574 acres of land disposed of by the de
coased rancher shortly before his death.
The will, which disposes of the remainder
of the vast estate, will not be filed for
probate until next Tueseday.
" That is Well Spoken
That is Well Taken."
Let every sufferer from catarrh take
this as a personal recommendation from
the thousands *who have been cured of
this disease by Hood's SarsaparHla. It
eradicates the cause of the disease, and at
the same time soothes and rebuilds the irri'
tated and inflamed membranes.
Catarrh— "My throat <was in such a
condition tuith catarrh that I could hardly
s*wallo*w and had no appetite. I found
Hood's Sarsaparilla an excellent remedy,
and nofw have a good appetite." Ella J.
White, Ennis, Texas.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
••••••••••••••••••••ft
Judge Laeombe^l
of the United States Circuit 2
Court Fines Daylight Incan- •
descent Gas Lamp Co. O
o
$500.00 |
1 O
fo- contempt, in continuing %
to infringe %
Welsbacl Co.'s Patents 1
O
Judge Lacombe says: 2
"There has been a shifty •
effort at evasion of th; #
Court f s order-, but, as the 9
officers of the company acted, J
as they say, under advice of •
ccun?cl, they will not be #
punished by personal mpri - §
onrrent/'
. o
o
G
TO THE PUBLIC: g
Avoid Liability of Infringement! J
Take nothing but the f
GENUINE— aI way 3 in sea" ed •
boxes bearing our registered 0
trademark "Welsbach." 2
All inf ringers of our patents j
will be prosecuted— whether a
Manufacturers, Dealers or q
Users. J
. - O
Welsbach Light Co. ]
Salesrooms In all the Leading Cities C
throughout the United States. C
Ten Thousand Holiday Presents
for as many people can bj had
at th<s store of
THE WELSBACH
COMMERCIAL
COMPANY and
EXCHANGE,
at the corner of M ».on and Ellis
Streets.
The beau'iful Stanis with ar-
t.stic Shades and WELSBACH
LIGHTS are very low in price,
i ut away up n excellence.
Our line embraces all in the
WELSBACH syst-m. Call and see.
Dealers supplied
Telephone — Mam 5459.
INVEST
. . IN . .
OIL!
There Is Oil in Tar Canyon.
The Tar Canyon Oil Company
owns ICO acres of land which Is sur-
rounded by oil wells, and are offer-
Ing for sale a limited number of
shares Of stock for development
purposes.
There will be no assessments.
All the officers are giving their
services free.
SEND FOR FREE PROSPECTUS.
SHARES $1.00 EACH.
DIRECTORS:
JAMES A. WILSON Present
Eee. Bu!ld»rs* Exchange.
P. A. BEROEROT Vice ProMent
Pres. Board of Education.
O. R. OIBSON Heemarr
Sec. Central Hardware and Supply Co>.
W. I. BROBECK Treasurer
Aaat City and C nlj Attorney.
HON. FRANK McOOWAN
Ex-SUta Senator
7th Floor. Crocker Bonding, r. 142-143.
RHONE MAIN KM.
Furniture Buyers
Call and examine my price* en furniture,
carpet*, itovr». etc.. before purchasing •!■••
where. You can uv« fully » per cent by buy-
Ing here. Liberal credit extended to all: I*l
worth of furniture for II per week.
Estimate* given on complete boua* furnish-
i ing from cellar to garret.
T. BRILLIANT,
338-340 POST ST.,
Het. Stockton and Powell.
Orp. Union Square.
Free delivery Oakland. Alamed* and B«rka>
Ivy. Open evening*. '
Pennyroyal pjlls
CNNYROYAL PiLLS
l^£N Original aa Oaly fi«*)«lsv*> A.
.^-^/Tl^^ ■•'«• •:»».?• r-tuau. ..» a • c •• ••* aY
rJliNl I>ri/«Ut far rurhmur* *nj<u* tt^i-tJ^.
fal^eUv'X-v.Js-i-wilt lU4 .44 oil aMUIUaVIV
— OaW'oi-M. M&lal v\U> b!«« rlSSoa. T«ko\V,
m s|%TMaaotken «>>- «»i>#«r.n ■■!■■» ▼
I / tW'' MwWMtMH. Ai!"iuin.itml4»
ICb - .'Jf It r.tnrt tar p w.tcwHn, M«umi6l%!» •■ I
\V* B "irrllof Sir I.»'llr«.-«n'«ir». tf r«ta/«
•X If Mail. lo.oo* T»«i3ooi»u *—*• V.
-^*— ' " rUhUh ~U-t OaaaleaJ l <..M>4lm •* mm^y
•M ay all Ural oobt b txu t«. Pil I K \ l» A— tf£
♦•^•ffJTs^&^f "*n M "'* ** **«• ■ <>n > r.->aa)
»«TrfsV«a<p"^^^(i^J remedy fur <;oa3rrh.i>*,
yCMW'iICUES^SiH O\t>rt. Sr>»riuatoirhw«,
Mfs*-jfia I*o ii*y- "hltcj. unnatural l>s> ,
BfUg uiuu'j*i ■ charge, or aay lnUiT-ma-
IH m to stri*««r«. tloo. irrltatloa or ulcer*.
l^jflfntioa «»»i«iloa. t!oa of laacoaa aicis>>
TTSlrMtEims CmmoiCa tranes. Wosi-ajtnusass.
IS^Ac»C:tMTi.O BBH *° l- b ' f * l"S»«ail "S»«aia s
w^ nX a Tost ''* "* nt <0 ■*••«> r»pper,
■ r 4si£&SilUSpQ i )& iM*-' vt J wittlu*. U.7X
Weak Men and Women '
SHOULD USE I>AMIANA BITTERS, THE
1 great Mexican remedy; gives health and
■trcagta to sexual organ*. Depot. 323 Market.
■■■■■ii ii«lirrtnmniii<lii i. «m « TTinrfc. iiiJl.ADVERTISEMENTS.
DRESS GOODS!
3 SPECIAL BARGAINS
AT MARKET-STREET STORE.
COLORED SILK BLISTER CREPONS-
Browns, purples. Boer blue, winter i?reens. etc.. finest Imported novelties,
bandsonoe raised effects, silk and wool; reßular value 12 50.
Special Sale at SI. SO per yard.
COLORED "PIEROL V NOVELTY aTRIPES—
Good a**nrtm«*nt of fall coloring with raised black stripo effects, 48
Inches wide, silk and wool, tlm-st imported novelties; regular price $2 Hi
per yard.
Special Sale for tills week on &/.5O p r yard.
EXTRA! EXTRA! EXTRA!
ZIBELINE NOVELTY PLAIDS—
L*TKf rans* of new fall colorintrs. Including some nice effects in red and
Mack irrorn and blue, tan and brown, black and pray, and many other
pretty combinations, newest camel's hair and rough surface effects.
Special Sale for tiiis week only 25c per yard,
As these goods will hO out fast it would be useless to send out samples.
KOHLBER6. STRAUSS & FROKMAN,
1220, 1222 and 1224 Market Street.
OTIS REPORTS ON
HIS OPERATIONS
Progress of Events in
the Philippines.
EXCLUSION OF THE CHINESE
♦ —
ACTION MADE NECESSARY BY
RACIAL HATRED.
Commanding General Describes the
:pino Uprising in Manila on
the Night of the Second
of February.
I
•.!. It
One of the most Interesting features is
the immt-nse amount of detail involved ia
<;« neral Otis* administration of the affairs
of the island. General Otis throws some
light on his Chinese exclusion act. declar
ing It .x matter of public policy. He goes
ct fen« length into the racial differences
between th«- Filipinos and the Chinese.
♦ xplainlng that strong prejudice against
t:.e ChlneM prevailed among the natives
l>^cau?e of the success and unscrupulous
doings of Chinese in all trade matters.
General Otis fays that in view of the race
hatred between the Chinese and the na
liven as will as the factional differences
f.mor.R the. Chinese themselves, which
t-omettmes broke out Into riot and blood
»=h»-d, he «3e*med it expedient to apply the,
American immigration laws to the island.
This uaj» done and arrangements hay©
tven made for Identifying such Chinese as
have receipts of prior residence, so that
r.o unnecessary hardship may be worked.
The correspondence between General
Oil* and Aguinaido before the outbreak of
active hostilities receives much space, and
non is taken up with the detailed ac
counts of the various engagements. In
connection with the Filipino uprising in
the suburbs of Manila on the night of
February -. General ous prints the trans
lation of one of Aguinaido' s proclamations
which incited this demonstration. The
paper finally was discovered on the 15th
and the plans of the insurgents were
checkmated. It called for th» assembling
<>f the Manila military In the rear of the
American outposts. At tho round of at
tack fr<<m the outside the Insurgents were
to fall In an<l butcher the whole of the
firclpn j>opulatlon. respecting none but
native Filipino families. All the prisoner*
were to be released and armed to assist
In the massacre. The plans were success
ful In »o far as about luut) armed Insur
p«-nta assembled behind the American
line. In the light of that night and the
following day about &>u of these were
killed.
General Otis relate* minutely the diffi
culties encountered In dealing with the
foreign merchants whose business was
Interfered with by the war; the outlining
of plans of revenues and customs; the
negotiation* with the Sultan of Sulu. from
whom, he says. General Hates obtained
more concession* in a month than Spain
had been able to obtain In 3«» years; the
Institution of town governments; the es
tablishment of schools and the caring for
OBAPE-NTJTS.
••••••••••••••••••••••
! MEN PROWL !
O Because Uneasy. ©
S Dl 7 A PI? CO " ES WITH •
Z l EjjWjEj good food. •
• 2
g TRY g
1 GRAPE-NUTS. !
o o
o SOLD BY GROCERS. •
• 9
••••••••••••••••••••••
MEAT FED TO HORSES.
"Animal food, unless mixed with at
least four-fifths of vegetable products.
Is apt to produce Irritable temper and
chronic restlessness. Wherever experi-
ments have succeeded in accustoming
horses to a diet of flesh food, the re-
pults were attested by 'torn bridles and
smashed stable doors. Carnivorous men
begin to prowl to ease the feeling of
gastric discomfort, and if deprived
of that remedy become fretful and
vindictive, especially when the causes
of nervous derangements have been
complicated by other stimulants."
writes Dr. Felix Oswald.
Like produces like, therefore the nerv-
ous dyspeptic should seek food from the
peaceful and nutritious grains of the i
field.
Grape-Nuts made of wheat and bar-
ley, most skillfully blended and manu-
factured, furnish a food fully and per-
fectly cooked: and supplies the highest
form of nourishment combined with de-
licious flavor. Grape-Nuts are sold by
all flm-clas* grocers, and made at Bat-
tle Creek. Mich., by the Postum Cereal
Co.. Ltd.
both Span-
In concluding his report General Otis
says that It may prove fortunate that
Aguinildo's Insurrection was not stamped
out Instantly upon Its Inception. He says
the natives throughout the Island have
peacefully and even gladly accepted
American occupation of ■ heir towns, and
have learned by experience that the in
rargenta have made a specialty of mur
der, outrage and robbery under the pulse
or establishing: a free and Independent
government. They have had a chance up
on the withdrawal of the American troops
to see the difflerence between American
and native methods of government, and
his opinion is that they will gladly sub
mit to the former as soon as they in be
protected from the latter. A column of
».«¥) troops, he says, could at any time
during the insurrection have marched
from one end of the island to the other
without encountering serious difficulty,
but the insurgents would Inevitably have
closed in behind them a - soon as they
passed, showing the necessity of having
sufficient troops to hold the country after
it had been captured.
General Otis dwells upon the necessity
of establishing a good school system, and
says that the native population is very
insistent upon the divorce of the schools
from clerical control. This was prom
ised by the Spanish Government during
the last Insurrection, but the Archbishop
of Manila has protested against its be
ing carried out.
General Otis says, finally, that the in
surgents are duped by their leaders as to
the political situation, and that the tend
ency all along has been to hold out until
the assembling of Congress, when the
vie-.vs of the anti-expansion party, whose
literature has been extensively circulated
in the islands, would be sure to prevail.
CASUALTY LIST AS
CABLED BY OTIS
neral Otis
manu.a . es not pre
• rted:
N th In-
S
rhr, X Thirty-:ifth In:
"mrnt Tobantln bridge. November
"Wounded— ln action, near I>eon. 'nay.
November 20. Harry Hlscock. sergeant. L,
Twenty-sixth Infantry, abdomen, mortal.
In action. Imus, November 25. John Fin
ger. F. Fifth Artillery, leg. slight; George
M. Duncan, B. Fourth Infantry, forearm,
moderate. In action, Iloilo. Panay, No
vembor 21. Twenty-sixth Infantry —a.
Abraham Frappler, thigh, severe; D,
Eugene E. Blower. corporal, head,
severe; Edward Sweet, leg. severe.
Sixth Artillery— G. Edward England, ser
geant, chest, severe; James T. Murphy,
shoulder, severe. Sixth Infantry— L. Law
rence E. Grennan, corporal, hand. severe-
Paul Rink, thigh, severe. Eighteenth In
fantry—B. Charles Ling. s*houlder, se
vere; Simon T. Barker, shoulder, se
vere; George Beckwith. thigh, severe;
Carl Strohm, elbow, slight; C. Janus
OConnell. thigh, severe; Harry S. Dun
ton, corporal, chest, severe; Bryce Leach,
hand, severe; Christopher C. Coates leg
severe; F. Bert J. Reed, corporal, leg. se
vere; Timothy J. Flynn. arm, severe;
James Jones, -corporal, hand, severe;
Charles Weber, corporal, chest, severe.
In action beyond Mabalacat, November 2S
— Mutthew A. Batson. first lieutenant
r ourth Cavalry, foot, severe."
The War Department has received the
following from General Otis at Manila
dated December 2:
"Lieutenant Colonel Brereton. captain
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, while tem
rtonarily Insane, committed suicide at
hanta Tomas, near San Fernando, Union
Province. Luzon, at 6 o'clock this morn
ing-. Insanity was llrst manifested on No
vember 23 at Aringay."
General Otis Informed the War Depart
ment to-day of the surrender of Bayon
bong in the following dispatch:
MANILA. Dec. 2— A report has been
received that Bayonbong. with the prov
wl. x? Vlscaya. surrendered on
No\ ember 2* to Lieutenant Monroe of the
fourth cavalry, who commanded the ad
vance scouts on the Carranglan train,
consisting of fifty men of the Fourth Civ.
airy and three native scouts. Insurgent
General Canon surrendered the entire
force, numbering SOO men. armed with
Mausers, and a number of officers. Sev
enty Spanish and two American prison
ers were secured and probably consider
able Insurgent property:
BRITISH ADVICE AS
TO THE PHILIPPINES
London. D*. ; -Commenting on the
I hilipplne eltuation. the Saturday Review
sayn :
We have heard the story of Agulnal
do's defeat and flight so often that It has
ceased to stir our credulity. But even If
true it In no way disposes of the most
serious problems the Americans have to
face. That Is not how to conquer, but
how to administer the Islands. It Is high
time the men in the United States who
honestly desire to take up the work of
civilization should assert themselves and
show they do not intend that their offi
cials or soldier* shall be the moral suc
cessors of the Spanish."
The Army and Navy Gazette, referring
*'", 1 ! 1 ? r tV°J l of vßearv Rear Admiral Crownln
shleld. chief of the the Bureau .of Navi
gation at Washington, says:
"Certainly tht» manner in which Samp
son and his officers are treated Is little
less than scandalous."
FILIPINOS ARE ROBBERS,
SAYS GENERAL WHEELER
WASHINGTON. I>e<\ 2 -General Joe
•r. In a - - r-<eived
'•-■-. I-uzon. i
There are more than twenty dirt •rent tribes on
thU Island and very few of them would nubmlt
10 ArutriHidu's rule. Atrulnaldo and his generals
would like to govern, because It would give
them greater power and many of his soldier*
like the war because for the ant time in their
live* they have authority to carry a gun. They
live by taking what they want from the people.
Many of them are robbers who rob defenseless
people of their money and sometimes murder
them. If we should withdraw there would be
warfare and anarchy In the Islands and the
well-to-do would get some strong Government
to come and take control.
Arulnaldo publishes a paper which I* filled
with expression* from people of the United
Btat**, who are called anti-Imperialists, and I
think were It not for these expressions the in
surrection would be closed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1899.
TEACHERS WILL GATHER IN
NUMBERS AT SACRAMENTO
SACRAMENTO. Dee; I— From pres- |
• • report! nearly IMI educators
from all parts of the State will at- ;
t.-nd the thirty-third annual ■
of the California Teachers' A
atlon. which will open at th
rapitoi n December otlnue un
til the 3f'th inst. TVn or tw.>lv.- jre*l
ther.^ was su.h a mortlni in Dacramento.
but f<T r .. due no doubt to
faulty preparations, th^r<- was a small
t there i repetition
of that experience this jrear, an«l th<>
COinniittee of arrarg'-nients is bending
effort in the direction of providing '
HENDERSON OF IOWA NAMED
FOR SPEAKER BY ACCLAMATION
Caucus oi Republican Members of the House of Representatives
Decides Unanimously to Re-enact the Reed
Governing Rules.
WASHINGTON*. Pp<\ 2-The oa-:
the 11" .-•■ RepubUi <: -. which was held
in the hall of the House of Repn
:o-night. was f-oth interesting and
important. Ti ■•■ D "f the
■
cut and dried affair, but l«-fore the
-nment of the . . fter • dls
:i la-Sting almost two hOIII
publicans, without a dissenting \oie, de
cided to re-enact the Reed ru.
General David B. Henderson of lowa,
the unopposed candidate, was nominated
for Speaker by acclamation. The officer*
of the last House, except Colonel Russell,
the sergeant at arms, were renominated
without opposition. Colonel Russell was
not a candidate for re-election, and Col
onel Henry A. Casson at Wisconsin was
nominated In his stead.
The caucus was held in the House of
Representatives and was largely attended.
It was presided over by General Gros
venor of Ohio, who was re-elected chair
man of the caucus. Mr. Loudenslager of
New Jersey was re-elected secretary. Mr.
Henderson's name was presented by Mr.
Payne of New York, and seconded by Mr.
Hopkins of Illinois, both of whom had
been candidates originally. The roll was.
not called. The nomination was made by
acclamation. General Henderson came to
the Capitol and remained in the Speaker's
room in the rear of the House lobby until
the House officers had been selected. He
was then escorted to the rostrum of the
House by Messrs. Hopkins of Illinois,
Payne of New York and Sherman of New
York. His appearance was greeted with
cheers and in response General Hender
son addressed the caucus. After express
ing his deep appreciation of the honor
conferred upon him, he said:
We have great responsibilities resting 1 upon
us In this Congress and greater responsibilities
In •>..■> comics year, and upon our wise action
depends the prosperity of -the country that we
all love. May I Impress upon your mlnj« the
absolute nec«-**lty for devotion to the republic
In more than one purpose. Economy must be
our watchword— care In th? expenditure of the
people's money. At the same time let us be
large enough in Intellect to croup the situation
which presents a growing Country, with open-
Ing and expanding conditions which demand
our careful and patriotic coni>io>rati..n
We are going to be met by a well organized
and able minority, led by accomplished lead
ers. This Involves the necessity for the Re
publicans to touch elbows In the work before
us. We have got to realize that In this Con
gress, with our small majority, every man
like a true soldier, must be constantly at his
port of duty, and I urge with the greatest
earnestness that this be the determination of.
each and all.
Accepting this generous nomination a* I do
I have no fears but that the united wisdom
and work of this great body will Increase the
confidence and happiness of the republic. Pro
foundly and gratefully. i thank you 'i ask
that 1 may lean upon you— each one of you—
and that Is the highest request that I can make
to-night.
Mr. Payne of New York called attention
to the narrow majority in the House and
the necessity of having all the Republi
cans throughout the session. He offend
a resolution, which was adopted, that no
leaves of absence be granted except for
vugu u ge ?i cases, and that one member
should be appointed to look after the
pairs.
Mr. Dalzell of Pennsylvania, who was a
member of the Committee on Rules in the
last Congress, offered a resolution declar
ing it to be the sense of the caucus that
the rules of the Fifty-fourth and Fi'ty
llfth Congresses (the Reed rules) should
be adopted by the incoming House. Ho
made a speech of considerable length In
support of his resolution. Under the
operations of the rules of the last two
Congresses, he argued, the majority had
been able to transact business to its sat
isfaction and to the satisfaction of the
country. They were the only rules un
der which the House had been able to
do business.
Mr. Hepburn of lowa, who fought the
rules in the last Congress, attempted to
argue several points with Mr. Dalzel)
but the latter refused to yield. When he
had concluded, however. Colonel Hep
burn got the floor and attacked the reso
lutions. He insisted that the rules should
be modified. He laid particular stress
upon the question of recognition, which
he claimed should go to the first member
who addressed the chair. This has been
one of Mr Hepburn's causes of com
plaint in preceding Congresses. He con
tended that the Committee on Rules
should be entirely Independent of the
Speaker and that there should be a gen
eral decentralization of power from
the Speaker in the direction of commit-,
tees.
The Speaker and the Committee on
Rule*, he contended, had too much power
under the rules proposed to be adopted
The power of committees and Individuals
should be expanded. He proposed an
amendment to the resolution providing
that the rules should bo adopted for forty
Officers of the Teachers' Association.
an attractive and profitable series of
even's for the visiting teach'-rs.
Of this committee, which is very large.
< >. W. Brlewlne, Superintendent of Sacra
mento City Schools. \m president; B. P.
Howard, Superintendent of County
Schools, Is vice president, and Miss Annie
Weeks, principal of Sacrament. > Gram
mar School, secretary. Superintendent
Krlt>win*» said to The Call correspondent
to-night that his committ^ is holding
weekly sessions and is making satisfac
tory progress. 7 ho i;s.- of the S.-nat.- -\<-
Bembly an.l Supreme Couii chambers
has been tender.-d for the holding of the
it ion convention and departmental
meeting;.
■luring which modifications could
: -i. This amendment met
with little favor, on the ground th.it it
wmild show v.-
Mr. Q I Illinois, who will again
ilrman <•{ the Committee on Appro
priations, warmly supported Mr. Dalzeir*
•:.'!i \{f argued and cited many
instances tc show that, while rimmiiiirs
illy equal, the busln*
nin.iti- • ! that of others
in importance, and it was right that such
should have privileges others did not en-
Joy. It was also proposed, he urgued.
that the Committee on Rules, having re-
K.trd i or the business and rights of all,
should often designate wliat business
should hay.- the right of way.
Mr. Reeves of Illinois favored a modi
fication of the rules which would enlarge
the Committee on Rules, to make it a
more r<-pr»s. ntative body. Mr. Moody "f
husetts epoke for the adoption of
. '..iZ'-i! r-s.iiiitloti.
Mr. lirow of Pennsylvania was tho last
speaker. He was generally favorable t>>
tn»- R which, he said. w<-re a
treat improvement over the rules of the
days.
Mr. H.pl>urn withdrew his amendment
and the 1 >.> lz>-l l resolution was adopted
without a dissenting vote. The caucus
then adjourned.
RICHARDSON SELECTED
TO LEAD THE MINORITY
Tennesseean Wins on the Sixth Bal-
lot in the Caucus of House
Democrats.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— The Democrats
of the House of Representatives at t!i»-lr
caucus held in the hall of Representatives
this afternoon selected James D. Richaxd-
Fnn of Tennessee as their candidate for
Speaker after a spirited contest, which
la* ted through six ballots. This carries
with it the I>. mocratlc leadership on the
floor. Mr. Richardson baa termed four
\<>n years In the House and Is the oldest
Democratic member in point of service
> \- i>i Mr. Mcßae of Arkansas. ,
The candidates against Mr. Richardson
w.-re Representatives ItoArmond of Mis
souri, Bunkhead of Alabama and riulz«.r
vt New York.
Representative Hay of Virginia was
elected chairman of the caucus by a vote
of 77 to 62 cast for Mcßae of ArkaJ:.-u~. It
has been customary for the oldest mem
ber in point of service to preside over the
caucus, and the selection of Mr. Hay,
who has served only one term, was an
unusual honor. The name of Mr. Norton
of Ohio was also presented for presiding
officer, but was withdrawn. Representa
tive Cummlngs of New York and Robert
son of Louisiana were elected secretaries.
Mr. Richardson was placed In nomination
by Mr. lienton of Missouri. Mr. Bank
h> ad was nominated by Mr. Bali of Texas,
and Mr. Sulzer was nominated by Mr!
Cummin its of New York.
The nrst ballot resulted: Richardson
43, DeArmond 35*. Bankhead 34 and Sulzer
25. The following four ballots showed lit
tle change. At the end of the tifth ballot
Mr. I nderwood of Alabama, withdrew Mr.
Bankhead'q name, and on the tirst roll
ca.. of the sixth ballot about two-thirds
>'f Mr. Bankhead's supporters went to
Richardson At the end of this ballot
•Mr. Richardson had 05, DeArmond 45 and
Sulzer 20.
Before the second rollcall began Mr
Sulzer withdrew and asked his friends to
vote for Richardson. There was a general
stampede to the Tennesseean and he was
nominated on the sixth ballot, receiving
9>) votes against 47 for DeArraond and -
for Sulzer. The nomination was then
made unanimous.
Mr. Richardson, who was in the Ways
and Means committee room, was escorted
to the hall and made a felicitous speech,
thanking his colleagues lor the honor they
had conferred upon him. Owing to the
lateness of the hour, he said, he would do
no more than to return his profound
thanks, trusting he had an appreciation
of the great responsibilities placed upon
him by the action of the caucus. His
highest ambition, he said, would be to
rn^et these responsibilities and discharge
them so as to meet the approbation of
the Democrats of the House and the coun
try. His greatest regret was that the re
sult of his victory would bring disappoint
ment, which he hoped would be only tem
pi, rary. to other gentlemen aspiring to the
trying position to which he had been
chosen.
He could hope for success only with the
cordial and hearty co-operation of each
member. In concluding he said he hoped
that the members would be ready to give
him the co-operation he would have been
glad to glv« another had the result of the
caucus been different.
The following candidates for House of
ficers were then selected: Clerk James
On Thursday evening. December 28. a
formal reception wlil be given at the
Crocker Art Gallery to President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the State Univer
sity, who will be in attendance upon the
:atlon's business sessions, one <>f
the most Important discussions will be
opened on the afternoon of December 2<i
by David Starr Jordan of Stanford (*n:
versiiy. Th«« subject to be discussed wiM
be 'Persona! and Political Interference
With th»- Administration of Educational
Institutions and Affairs. " Among tho-»«
to participate In the discussion will be
Mayor Jam.s D. l J h-lan of San Prancls
co, ex-May. <r George C. Pardee of Oak
land and President A. Bergerot of the
San Francisco Board of Education.
Kerr. Pennsylvania; pergeant-at-arms.
ex-Representative Brookshlre of Indiana;
doorkeeper, Henry Moler of Illinois, and
postmaster. George L.. Browning of Vir
ginia.
• ancus selected the following Demo.
• rats to till the four special positions al
1"»"1 the minority in the House: Special
employe. Colonel Isaac R. HTll of t>ni..
special m->~. ngers, Kwing T. Blai
I .rl (a Bon of the late Representative
Bland i and Kelton B. Knight of Georgia;
special page. James English of Call
A resolution was adopted, on motion of
Bailey of Texas, instructing Richard
son to confer with Speaker Hender^m
and request a larger Democratic repre
sentation t n committees. In the last Con
gress the minority were allowed six m.vi
on each commit t. >\
Roberts of I'tah wn_« present and parti
! In the caucus. He voted for Rich
ard*, .n fur Bp< akr-r
ELKES BEATS CHAMPION.
Dingdong Twenty-five Mile Paced
Race at Madison-Square Garden.
NEW YORK. Doc. 2.-Madison-STu.iro
Garden waa crowded to-night when the
Araeriean Cjrele Racing Association be
gan its annual carnival. To-night's races
were preliminaries to the six-day contest.
which is to begin to-morrow at midnight.
In the six-day race the contestants will
race in pairs, so that should one member
of an individual couple show signs of dis
till matt- will relieve him. but nei
ther may ride more than twelve hours a
day.
The international mile for professionals
had nine trial heats. and in the final Henri
Meiers, champion of Holland and Eng
land, won by a margin of twelve in< h-s
from George Banker of Paris, the worlds
champion of IMW. Time. 2:4OV*.
In a twenty-five mile international
paced race Harry Kikes of Glens Kails. N
V.. and Albert Champion, the French
champion, were the contestant*. They
were paced by motor tandems, and the
pace set was very fast. At the end of the
first mile Champion had gained a quarter
of a lap. but through the twisting of his
-t be was compelled to dismount
In the second mile and lost a full lap in
consequence. The Frenchman lost his
lead and pace at the same time, but while
he was put to a disadvantage of four laps
the referee allowed him two laps In con
sideration of his mishap.
Kikes Hew around the track as If he had
wings, and was not bothered by following
any particular machine. He maintained
his lead until the end of the twelfth mile
but during the thirteenth mile he lost his
pace and jumped in behind the French
man. Both riders maintained their posi
tions until the fourteenth mile was almost
cornplet.-d. but then Kikes, having re
gained the pace, forged ahead, and a ding
dong race for two miles ensued. Kikes
again lost his pacemakers through an ac
cident, and the distance between him and
the Frenchman was reduced
The French rider worked llk*» a b»av*>r
and gained steadily In the next two mtles
but Elkos never lost heart and kept up a
rapid -pace. He regained his pace anJ
rode as if he never had anvtning else
to do In hla life. At the end of the twen
tieth mile the American's time was y»
minutes 25 seconds and Champion's 41
minutes G 1-5 Kcoada. This left the Yan
kee about seven laps ahead and h* Vld
this advantage to the end. winning by
nearly a mlU>. finishing ahead of his pace.
Records Broken.
8AN T JOSK. Dec. 2.-At the matinee
bicycle races held here to-day George
Fuller and K. F. Russ of the Olympic
Club. San Francisco, succeeded in estab
lishing several amateur records. Fuller
reduced the ouarter-mlle amateur coast
record of :24 2-5. held by Jack Wing of this
city, to :£S. He lowered the American
half-mile record of :48 to :45 1-5. Russ re
.iuce.l the American one-third mile record
Of M 2-3 to 30 1-5 and also made an at
tempt for the American one mile amateur
record of 1:34. but owing to a punctured
tire he was unsuccessful. He. however
covered the distance in 1:35 2-5, which
now stands as the coast record for the
distance. The events were all paced by
a motor tandem manned by Floyd McFar
land and Orlando Stevens.
H. J. Corcoran 111.
STOCKTON. Dec. 2.-H. J. Corcoran.
manager of the California Navigation and
Improvement Company, is a wry sick man
and his friends are much alaimed. He is
suffering from pciatio rheumatism. An at
tempt was made yesterday to secure his
deposition In pome pending litigation, but
he was in such pain that the examination
had to be suspended after ten minutes of
questioning. It was postponed until to
day, but this morning the patlenfs con
dition was so acute that the taking of the
deposition was again deferred. He is con
siderably emaciated.
SLOANE'S
REMOVAL SALE.
Strictly high-grade Furniture at extremely low prices.
A splendid gift for a gentleman.
Luxurious Turkish Rockers,
Upholstered in best quality hand-bu:fed leather —
genuine hair cushions — tufted back — spring rock-
ers and ball-bearing casters.
Ladies' Writing Desks.
Dainty Birdseye Maple, rich Mahogany, elegantly
finished quarter-sawed Golden Oak.
At i r ces ranging frcm $5.00 each and upward.
Un que pieces in Antique and Ornamental Furni-
ture, srecialiy desirable for Parlor, Dining-room
and Library — at moderate cost.
Attractively characteristic in d:sign and finish. Abso-
lutely every piece of Furniture marked down in price
during Removal Sa'e.
Oriental Rugs.
An acceptable and valuable gift in every home. We invite at-
tention of iovers of fine rugs to the richest and most compre-
hensive assortment ever offered on this Coast. Prices reduced
during sale to 17 .00 and upward.
Lace Curtains.
An immense assortment of Arabian, Renaissance. Battenberg
and Point de Calais, embracing the latest and most effective
patterns.
At prices to please the most careful and economical buyers.
Our goods art distinguished for CHOICE STYLE VALUE.
Goods purchased now will be carefully stored for Christmas delivery.
W. &. J. SLOANE & CO.,
641-643-645-647 Market St.. San Francisco.
SAYS DALY WANTED AN
ITALIAN SONIN-LAW
Woman Claims the Montana Offered
Her a Commission to Arrange
the Match.
PARIS, Dec. 2.— Tempestuous gossip has
been excited here by the rather Inconsid
erate boast of Mrs. Stewart Taylor that
she has been promised a quarter of a mil
lion dollars as a commission by Marcus
Daly, the Anaconda copper king, to
match his daughter Madge with a cer
tain Italian Prince. Mrs. Taylor spoke
thus before a gathering of ten or twelve
ladles in Armand's fashionable dress
making establishment.
It had been generally understood that
Miss Madge Daly was engaged to Dr.
Archibald Ryckert, a handsome American
dentist with a fashionable clientele. Mar
cus Daly began to oppose the match dur
ing his visit here last summer.
The Italian Prince is aged and has a
rather unsavory reputation in Paris and
Rome, where be has been a leading figure
in several social adventures.
Marcus Daly's friends -ay that he has
too much American common sense to
have intended the remark to Mrs. Taylor
to be taken seriously.
ARGUED WITH FISTS.
Supervisor Martin and Oscar Dukes
of Selma Come to Blows.
BITLMA, D«e 2.— Supervisor Thomas
Martin. elected on the fusion ticket lai»t
>• ur. and Oscar Dukes, a prominent Dem
ocrat of Selma. cam" to blows to-day
over a petition presented by I>uk<»s to
4© ntAL 1 n
-\v 1 1 lLm f~\ JL^ 111
I AND STRENGTH FOR MEN i
V^ Nearly nineteen years* successful experience, tested methods, (§)
Wj remedies and appliances, thorough equipment and ample capital en- ?>
*-fT able DR. MEYERS £ CO. to cure all diseases and weaknesses of ©I
fny men. quickly and permanently. j^
Xs/ Ailments which have become chronic and dangerous by neg- u5)
(X). lect or bad treatment always yield to the skill of these noted 7*
\M specialists. /gk
% NO PAY TILL CURED. <&
sjy The price of a cure (which Is always reasonable) may be de-
X. posited In any bank or with any responsible business house In San tSf
Kyj i- ranclsco, to be given to the doctors » **/
fig* when the patient Is well. If he Is not *d&»&irjt
IX\ cured in a specified time the money will a aft -uJs«K>^^
§/ be returned to him. * pj. *£ j^^^Qr^SiM
© A Stdff of % styc,y^ *// 9 v H a ■
»k^^^/ ALL MEDICINES FREE. ' i
ny_^- -*^ I* DR. MEYERS A- CO. supply all me.« p - (<sj
Wr /*■*> > clnes, appliances, etc., absolutely free to
Si •*' ' their patients. Other .doctors either /pi
charge an exorbitant price for medicines or send their patients to xr
iff) a high-priced drug store, which they own. or get half the profit (S\
>-^ , on all the prescriptions they send. DR. MEYERS £ CO. prepare 'Jj*
(p all their remedies (effective but harmless) In their own private lab- re
gv oratory.
© HOME CURES— FREE BOOK. $
(9) If you cannot call, write for private book, question list, terms. /3
/* etc.— all free. KsJf
IQ) Home cures a specialty. All letters confidential. (3
(3) Consultation Free. No Incurable Cases Taken. g
f DR. MEYERS <& CO.. i
JZJ 737 MAtIXT BTKXIT. IAM FRASCISCO. ' **£
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Martin requesting the removal of Road
master Marshall.
The petition was signed by slxty-nv«»
out of the seventy-four voters in the road
district and gave reasons for removal.
Martin refused to see the petition and
became very arrogant and insulting In
speech, saying he was satisfied with Mar
shall and did not care what the peti
tioners thought. He then directly In
sulted Dukes, who struck him in the face,
knocking him down. Bystanders Inter
fered and both were arrested.
AGAIN IN THE TOILS.
William Hildebrand Taken to lowa
on a Charge of Counterfeiting.
S.\N BBRXARDBf '». Dm I wiiitam
llHdebrand. alias Bennlnger, left to-day
for lowa In charge of fnlt*d Star
floors upon a charge of counterfeiting.
Hll<i*brand learned hi* trade at c«
felting In this city. Ills t»«ai'her. aft»r
•fnlnit several years at Sj.
was killed n^ar Ittsill—. and .1
years ago Hildebrand r.'mmenced putting
out silver dollars and got two yean. Tim
sentence was made light on 1
his youthful fare. Hi« partner e
and has never b^n (
After serving his time. Hildebrand
worked in lowa, and coming back her*»
was arrested for robbing orchards of
brass faucets. Ills mother resides here.
Hildebrand's father ha« resided in San
Francisco for twenty years. The namn
1* a famous one in lowa and along th«
Mississippi River In criminal circles.
The little town of Moreh^ad. Kans.,
has a co-operative hot»»l. laundry, >iull.
rr»-amery and <annin« factory ami a co
operative rtlnlng-hall. with several co
operative farms near by.
34
,^_- ADVERTISEMENTS.
►»- ,
r — -" - I ■ - II I II |i^^«H»«MMH^^M»«i^^^^"»| ,
W B/UJml W/W^rU %^*~ M quality, of a brilliant ■
"*• *jC^T .^^r luster; one that we
c«n rec'.mmei.l f,r ',
■■ K (<> d wear; the reiru-
: " r price Is $1.35. Our
%^ •/« J 'lS^ leadt- r at
E THE HOLIDAY OF HOLIDAYS
I IS SWIFTLY APPROACHING. \
Hut three weelcH more l>efer« Chrtrtmaa. Every department In our establishment Is replete with attractive and appropriate '<
.- r.i. Li- •ucgeetlve of rhrlrtma* r'.fts. It Ik none too early to buy now; no better place than tere.
| HANDKERCHIEFS FOR EVERYBODY.
JJ^ t.r-jsar.;* of dizen* nt Mm*. Women's and Children* n*nd-
0m- Iterehtefs thai arrre I'ur. hiisod especially tor the holiday trade are
a«. ' n !•;>'-}• new. T:ir vs sortnier.t Ik *>> large ati 1 m varied that the
5-- Jim ! of Ihia aovL-rttsetnent permit* the rtientlon of only a
••»-. rmjil] j'r: of i-ur < !., ii-e ur.d extenrtv* line, nnd which we have
*J" ■ a ally «rran;;.-d for this »cik^ rr^at ft-lllng.
•— : O(|[ • A li< 'X-LiidlMi' White Pure L'.r.en Hemstitched Hand-
trm- */V»^« kerchieft, \:i\h a neat hand-embroidered Initial.
ff*~ *»TT>-. KACH — Ladle*" Pure Linen Pheer Quality Hemstitched
«.«1W Handkerchief*, with a pretty hand-tmbroldered Initial
»— *<:■ 1 '•ifrtd with a pntty. rarrow lace.
y*~ I- < ><^ EAC! —Ladle** EmJ-mldered. ali>o lace effect. Hand-
mm— •t" W i, i^. u'.i the t\t«! and dainty effects.
■— c> HACI ■ Ladle*" Handkerchief*, the latest and choicest
g*~ — *'Sr . rr..-ts la lace «nl ♦•mtroliery: a fine quality of linen.
C^ *s I * >o A nOX— O#nt»* AU-Llren Hemrtltch-d Handkercntef*.
■»- <T» ■ uith a dainty luind-emliniidcred initial; grand value.
»H *^ r^<* A 1?n>: Ch'.l.'.ren"* !lan.lkcrc'.ilefs. with a n«at colored
.— - ■"• •/** t . r'.-r ar:J initial.
■»—
X: STERLING Make your *electlons whl!«t
J^_ • — ' »*—* V *— :/i*J Novelties are nhown «n prutu-
tm— i/crn «lcn and the nnptcked Mo-k af-
"T~ O' C . *_ VL— i\ filds It* fullest advantages.
1^: NOVELTIES. >*lye Boxe*. with Storllng Sll-
— /\'OVCI-f/c5, ver top*. lOe to f1.50.
fc. Tooth and Nail Brushes. Table
iZZ ]'.'.:•. Plio- H'-.rne. Paper Cutter*, rurr.ern and Blotters, with
•».- Bterilrjt s:wr handle*. 35c ".. .• to f I ••<».
KiZ h'lle*. Seals, Ueacorandum Honk*. Paper Cutters. I^renir.it and
g^ Packet Comb*, riountrd »>jth Sterling Silver, -.".«• ..."..• ".it,- to
9^— If* I.<M I.
'^__ A ■• tr.pMe line of Hat and Clothe* Brushes. In Ftertlnc Silver
S^ and 1-1 ny, at popular trices.
I New French Flannels I FANCY SILKS AS A CHRISTMAS SUGGESTION II * Linings at Me. I ;
lien i ictiutl i lUiiiitioi Good llnlnrrs add
St^ .. . , , , We had an unusually b:« run all week on th« short lengths of Fancy rreatly to the life and :
*— «• iS , Tnat ' rUI f f r Fl'.ks which werr advertised lart Sunday. They were, not all sold, but appearance of all par-
s^- \\«.Kts in more popular rurely will be this week. Having done )>uch a phenomenal Silk business nients. and for that ;
ZZ. Il,'-*I 1 ,'-** 1 I r '' t ' r " Fl » nt > e >»- all season, many short Jencths were left on our hands. These silks sold reason they are the
,_ \.e sh.rw b gi«n«l «s- readily from JL"S to JI.C.' ■ yard. an.l. as they measure from 34 to 4 ' nlv s "rt that should
•*- [ nt, in an er..1..F« yards each, we desire to close them out quickly. Therefore the unprece- be used. We offer for
•_ i-artetr oTJpieuinc M 4 ....... lot. Your choice. Monday the best .rial- ;
JT much de- ity Premier Nearsilk
j£- '!"" « g^ «3 OEZ EACH. WELL WORTH Lining In all the Lead- ;
5£ . w . lw - 9J.03 $<1.00 and $S.OO. Ing shades, at !
fc: 60C and <oC y XA ■
<*• As these Silks are of this season's manufacture, embracing the choicest I4C i vinn
*^— A YAHI>. styles and weaves, we could sursest no Holiday Gift more appropriate A XA - KL) - ;
»— than one of these Silk Waist lengths for a stylish Waist. Regular value 25c.
w~- The fn'lom-lr.g exceptional >Uae» will make lively trading this I
1 " OUR DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT.
*— rrr^r* TARP— TC-lneh Zlbellne riaid Dreps Oood!«. In the new-
C- lIUW eft ootortac and in O.e most popular weave*.
JT: — — , YA!'.n-«6-!rch lllrh-Orade Diagonal Cheviot Suiting,
••- 1O C eM w.iol. in all the new axd desirable fall colors.
S^ g<y ■''** BCTT— lmported Venetian Cloth, already shrunk, an
•" O • exceptionally flne quality, extra high finish, the fa- ,
s^: \oritc cloth for a talli r-rrade nult. In the much-wanted colorings
s^- <.r i:r«>. mode, na\y, brown, new tlue, red and castor.
— — <£ < T.*><» .^l'lT— N< w styles of Blark nncllyh Crepon, In choice
J^" 91 l>!iprer dedcos. very lustrous, the beat quality we have j
bm— • .". :*1 O.'.s k-;i.« :i frr the money.
fc: %j <> f ar\ M V Our large assortment cf Ladles'
•*- FT <J> km.l i-J At I Neckwear is unsurpassed as to
s^ f\J f—T* &C 14/ PA fp styles and prices. A new ship-
«»•— *wl—V*f%if j— Am I * * rr.cnt of the very latest coneep-
t:..n» will lectlvi th'-lr flnt showing to-morrow.
| SPECIAL ON SALE ARE THESE :
»■ —
s»»- qi.m EA«.*H— Jabot*. In the latest effects of lace, chiffon!
stn O* nU'i h«'m«tlti-he-1 taTTcta silk, pood value at $2 M) and $3. |
*~~ Fi I A f~* IK niade of the best quality Liberty Silk, very |
•*— £7 1— At »«m luhtrous. cf a superior flnlKh. raniring it>
J-; 81 1 i-cc ii "■" W.OO, s- .".<• to »«f.«Mi
N^ f\U rrSDm each. '
Tiui 'MiinUMUMimMiiiiiiiiii 111 i
BULLPEN AT
WARDNER VACANT
Military Guards Leave
the Town.
Pr^e!«J r>!*riicii to The C*3l.
WARDNKR. Idaho. D<»c 2.— After
p«>ven months n* a temporary military
post, to-niffht finds Wardner once again
without bluecoaif. the mllitlamtn of
Troop I*. First <'avalry, having d-parted
f<r Osborne this afternoon, reaching
th*>re Just b« fort- Oark. A detachment of
a dozen men *iave been there a couple
of week*, working on quarters for the
winter, and althourh their life will be In
trntfi fir some time, yet all possible ar
rar.jcem< ota had been made for their com
fort. :it«il lumber for quarters and stables
:s all on the ground, ready for the soldiers
V> «r«vt building.".
Matters connected with the famous bull
p<n will aJI be M-ttl<-<l within a few days,
when It will l>e merely a matter of his
tory. Already th«» building is deserted
ttnl jruanls no longer pace about its
wnlls.
• Nt prinonem confined
WHILE THE IRON IS HOT!
% I 'O, V .;) /I /^) When a blacksmith strikes the iron he does II while It Is red with heat. That Is J! -*<^ s^3v
,i • X " VJS -d ths time to do It. Whenever a man r.otlces the first symptoms of a disease he should at once
&* ° 1 'ijtm-l " nd somethin^ t0 check ll before il etB a flrm hold on him ' because that is the time to £Zp !-^
p♦ g I do '*• How foolish it seems to those who know and yet how natural It Is for those that §rV t\V\\vKl
%I % H#s**J!! nOt< t0 be?in by saturatln^ the ** stem with DRUGS. They stimulate him, that Is true. -^£sftt l£^..' t fl\l
% I o (u^y^^^^S^^ consequently he lays aside his medicines and thinks himself cured; but It *? **% *^^^?Sffi
8} r IYI /\zS^2Sr"^ '* lnvarlab| y but a very short tlme untll he * lnd himself back In the same j| f^. .5O /
§♦< I Jk^fX^z^tZk pil from which he at first tried to climb. It la to men In this condition M'*^oh 'Jj
** *'% /^zM^izl^~y?A thal ' °' fer my WoPld famoU3 ffi;i/.f^\4R'|^sr
f^rtti-i DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT.
♦ft Ty j>'\i W ~-^^> l/l\« OiiliLl£il>l LjLjEjKj 1 1110 DHLI.
; : : l' 6 jh u^:'r^-> \"^*r>' To m ° n thal have tried drugs and fcund that the - v could not do what x^^^^Si)y^^fe^^T>^
R* g (^^^^ti^^'^ was required; to men th:-t have lost all energy and have given up In despair.
r> tft ~" For the last thirty years I have been restoring strength to Just such men: to >^^^HSS^^^^^^^^^^
0 t those that lave wrecked their lives by youthful tolly. Is your case any different, dear reader, from the thousands
£\ o cf others? As II has Cone for others it will certainly do for you. if you will but give it the chance /^ffS^^^^^^^^^^>
c> ♦i$ Don't let the Iron g;et cold before you strike, but cure yourself while ycu can. Send for a list of testimonials ~^^^ohl('^ t^ '
g,f & from people who have been cured by my Belt, then you can write to them and convince yourself that the Belt Is all 4- — — +
t> I § that I claim It to be. I will send FREE to any address upon request my book, VTHKEE CLASSES OF t~ " 1
£♦ S MtN," which tells all about my appliances and how they are used, or I would be pleased to have any one call ♦ Dr " Sanden>s Electric Belts +
C» 1 o at my office and consult me free of charge. Office Hours— 9 to 6; Sundays, 10 to 1. Are Always Supplied With
IS DR — A SAN DEN ' + Chamois Coverings, Which
OAT # A SA/M DE/M Absolutely PREVENT BURN-
Big L^MXm Mm 7MI. > ING or BLISTERING. ♦
IjS 13 Third Street, San Francisco, Cal. )}2l& o ss£&TlSkit£l& nX ** cc * x ' ■ ♦ ♦ izz: — ♦
SILK WAIST ELEGANCE. , I
EHk Waists will receive unuxual attention here this week. The ;
rtock we *how and the prices we ask are more effective than ar- •
puments In type. Th- exclusive ft>les. superior fit and finish of
our garment*, at lower prices than they can be procured else- '
where, are the reasons why our Walut batiness Is going on so well. .
Again to-morrow we announce an extraordinary offer In 811k :
WalFtp. To Insure getting your else and color, we advise you to
come early.
nCC: Q^ EACH-MO Waist*, made of the bert quality
Al OOmMI Taffeta Silk, corded front and back and
fleeve*. lined throughout. in the much wanted colorings of White,
Medium and Pearl Gray. Pink. Blue. Yellow. Lavender, Purple. ■
Old Rose. Cerlre, New Blue and Black. Regular value of this '
Waist. *S.M. :
TWO GREAT PETTIGOAT OFFERS, j
IT QO O^ Regular value $13.60 —An Accordion-plaited
Al i^t/ii/ui Flounce Skirt of. a superior finish, with a ■
Anal ruffle extra width, made of the best quality Taffeta 811k, :
in the leading colors and Black.
AT Q' 1 * Q^ Worth JS.Mk-Ladlee' Silk Fklrtn. made of a :
A I tj» • *J • superior quality Taffeta Bilk, with an extra '
wide corded flounce, extra length and width. In new colorings and '
Black. .
A WRAPPER BARGAIN. |
I yin/pC> f A new lot J ust received, made of :
*— /~\ M-* Ift - *-^ a good quality German Flannel. •
ii/D ,1 ODCTDC In the most desirable patterns. In ■
ww f\ /A I I A-. MX figure* and stripes, trimmed with •
cv *-* yr f— velvet front and back, the latest •
AT <P Omm^rZ^ EACH > ok " back, and made In extra :
length and width, new colors of .
Blue. Lavender and Gray.
EIDERDOWN rr ° " THE holidays. '•■
COMFORTERS J^^SLSttS^l
&5.00 bach. BBSyS?<BK-SEg :
covered down comforters, liberally fill^chow' £&* **''** ]
SI ' " er »- «t™ large clre. filled with the best white
' ! carefully tufw>«l and covereU with silkoline la !
WINTER . jsr B«s&B «s& r. ss-sss: :
UNDERWEAR. SaJSSU?^^.^ :
C 1 ■•"• EACH— Ladles' Imported Swiss Ribbed Wool Vests
v ■ non-shrinkable. high neck and long sleeves, la white'
natural and black. *
ftOf EACH-Ladles' Spun Silk Vests, a Rood quality, In
*-»*-'*' cream, pink, sky blue, lavender and black.
mi'r p AIR-Ladles' Imported Cashmere Hose, fast black.
*-' v ' a fine, quality, the We grade. Our leader at S3 l-3c pair.
._ 2*50 p.,0 For this week a special offer
AT PAIR. | n Children's Fast Black
CHILDREN'^ Woolen Hose, sizes sto 84.
n*«-*-#fA L-ll a quality guaranteed to wear
WOOL HOSE. ""■
mimiMUMUMUIUMWUMMUIW
many wore discharged before this build
ing was erected, which was six weeks
after the f;rsl arrests were made. Since
the trial an 1 conviction of Paul Corcoum
there has te<>n a steady decrease In •:»
population. Kfforts of friends secured re
le.irf? on«» by one., while others, held only
as a military necessity, were released ns
conditions became less strained. Three
months ago the number hal been re
duced to less than 100. which have been
reduced we«kly since, only occasional ar
rests having been made, usually for too
boistrouß expressions In favor of rioters,
which resulted In short imprisonment.
Wordy attacks on now men brought
many others to gr!«f.
Soldier Missing.
LOS AXGEL.ES, Dec. 2.— Private H. H.
Smith of the Flfty-flrst lowa Volunteers
mysteriously disappeared In this city on
November 19. and no trace of him has
been found. He was mustered out at San
Francisco on hla return from Manila and
came here to visit an aunt who lives here.
He left his baggage on the train at Uni
versity station and has never called or
pent for It. His effects are In th<* posses
sion of C. B. Bartlett, a traveling man
here.
Revenue Collector Dies a Suicide.
LESUEUR. Minn.. Dec. 2.— Charles Z.
Dressier, a Deputy United States Reve
nuo Collector, committed suicide to-day
by shoot ing. It Is said he had become
Involved In his accounts with the Govern
ment.
Chicagro Capitalist Dies.
CHICAGO, Deo. 2.— V. C. Turner, presi
dent of the North Chicago City Railroad
Company and well known In financial cir
cles, died suddenly at his home in this
city to-day of heart disease. aged 76 years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1809.
DIVORCE SUIT CAUSED
BY CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
Omaha Man Refused to Allow a Phy
sician to See His Sick
Child.
OMAHA Dee. L— Mrs. John W. Soott
piled f>r ■ dlvoros on the ground
would not believe In Chiistiai B
rh.- wife avers In ber petition tha: .
Insisted upon r :i iiinK on ri,rlstian Science
hf-alers when *he and h^r <;h;!il were sick
that Hh" demurred and the husband
treated her In an Inhuman mannrr
She had to flee with her babe and un
dor v : friends give It ne
iry medical treatment. Sh.- slie
: cc from h«-r husband "
Compromise Effected.
HONOLULU, Nov. 2«-The r rea =c of Col
onel John H. Soper. E. s. Valentine and
the San Francisco subscribers to Walalua
stock vs H. F. Dllllngham ha« been com
promised by the payment by Mr. DiUtajr'
namof HE • had a ludgment for
■ - - The San Francisco Bub-
Bcrlbers are to get their million dollars'
w.rth of itock from the nt-w Issue re
cently decided upon.
Railway Property Burned.
DENVER. Dec. 2.-The paint shop con
nected with the repair shops of the Den
ver and Rio Grand© Railway Company
burned at 6 o'clock this evening-, Involv
ing a loss of $30,000. Three employee were
severely burned In trying to save the
coaches that wer« undergoing repairs In
the shop. One coach and on» Pullman
were destroyed. W1
MERCHANTS IN
CHINATOWN ARE
DOOMED TO DIE
Large Prices Placed
on Their Heads.
POLICE AFFORD PROTECTION
Trouble Wtich Started Some Time
Ago Causes an Exodus of Several
Prominent Chinamen FTom
the City.
Terror reigns In the Chlne«o quarter. A
price has been place.! on the heads of
eight prominent merchants, members of
the Kong Chow, whose headquarters Is
at 612 Pine street, by the See Yups and
twelve highbinder societies. Police pro
tection has been doubled by orders of the
Chief of Police and a number of the
threatened merchants have fled from the
city. A murder has been scheduled to
take place In the Chinese theater on
I Jackson street and lta managers have a.p
: plied for additional protection.
I The condition of affairs now existing in
I Chinatown has been caused by the failure
1 of the eight merchants to comply with a
> request of the highbinders that a tax of
J2 per head be placed on each member of
, the Kong Chow departing for China. The
' names of the merchants are: Joe Toy and
; Wong Wan of 713 Commercial street; Lee
| Yen and Ah Mow. on Washington street,
! near Stockton; Chun Yung Kaw of 6'"*s
naento street; Chong Tie of Sr>3 Dv
: Ylck Sing, southwest corner
■ I'.iuont and Clay streets, and Wong
Yon of 1011 Dupont street.
ir days ago a meeting of the hlgh
binden was h.-ld, which was attended by
J hundred Chinamen. Tin- .1.-ter
mlnation of the Chinese merchants to
stand out against the tax was made
TAYLOR'S FRIENDS TO
PROTECT HIS RIGHTS
STATEHOUSE AT FRANKFORT, KY.
FRANKFORT. Ky.. Pec. 2.— The first delegation of Taylor men who are ex
pened here to watch the work of the Board of Election Commissioners
arrived to-day. There were about sixty of them, and immediately on their
arrival the majority went to the State House to see what were the pros
pects of a count being had to-day. Helng Informed definitely that there
was no prospect of anything being done before Monday they quietly left, sev
erai <>f them announcing, however, that the entire crowd proposed to stay until
the thing was settled. An Interview with one of them was an interview with all.
They say simply that they desire to see that Taylor "is not robbed of his
rights." All of them, however, seemed to have determined In advance Just
What are "Taylor's rights." and anything short of their estimate is likely to be
resented. There has been no Influx of Democrats as yet, and the arrival of any
number of them Is not expected before Sunday night or Monday morning.
known and the societies decided to place
a i«ri( c of SVn on the head of each of
the objectionable parties. Hatchet men
v.T'- detailed to do the work. The mer
chants were notified by friends, and most
of them Immediately left the city. Among
remaining were Joe Toy and Wong
Wah, and Otficer Hutching:] has been de
tailed for the past three nights from the
<'allfornla-street police elation to guard
the place. < >t!ioer (Jrunwald, of the same,
station, has been doing special duty at the
Chinese theater.
FRENCH SOCIETY
ON VERGE OF A
LIVELY FRACAS
Sequel of Hospital
Scandals.
A PRETTY QUARREL BREWING
A Mass-Meeting to Be Held This
Afternoon, at Which Some Ex
citing Tilts May Be
Expected.
There will be a mass meeting of th<*
French Society held at Native Sons' Hall
en Mapon street at 1 o'clock this after
noon to Investigate the recent action of
the administration committee of the
French Hospital, which resulted In that
body declaring the position of visiting
physician, recently held by Dr. Oscar J.
M >■• • i vacant.
Mfhind this action of the administration
committee lies as pretty a medical squab
ble as one would wish to see.
According to the story of those opposed
t«i l>r. Mayer that gentleman has been
guilty of the very unprofessional con
duct of first stealing a case from Dr.
Nathan Rodffen and subsequently
Ing the same ease from the hospital of
which he was one of the two visiting phy-
Blciana, the other one being Dr. Dudley
T;.it.
According to Dr. Mayer, this is all bosh.
,ilms ho has h<»en the unfortunate
victim of a conspiracy Instigated by the
Jealousy of Dr. Talt and the animosity
of Vi Pi - ■ :.t churiery, and that Di.
I n lias been used as a tool b>
two gentlemen to further their own re
veriKe.
In the conduct of the French Hospital
factional feeling and personal likes and
h have always played a large part.
There has hardly been a physician con-
nected with the Institution who, at one
time or another, hus not been made to
feel the right 01 this discord. Dr. Mayer
was an exception to the general rule un
til Dr. Talt was elected as his collabora
tor, since which time there have been
frequent bickerings and rows that have
finally resulted in Dr. Mayer losing his
position and calling for vindication at the
hands of the society in mass meeting as
sembled to-morrow afternoon.
The Immediate cause of the doctor's
expulsion is as follows: Some time ago.
the latter part of September, a woman
was brought to the hospital suffering
from an aggravated case of peritonitis.
Sho was brought In as the patient of Dr.
Nathan Rodgers. by whom she had been
previously attended. As soon as she had
been admitted to the hospital she ex
pressed a desire to discharge her former
medical adviser and substitute Dr. Mayer.
To this proposition Dr. Mayer objected,
and the matter was finally arranged by
Drs. Mayer and Rodgers together attend
ing the woman.
Finally It became necessary to perform
an operation, and Dr. Mayer was the phy
sician chosen to do the work by the
woman, Dr. Rodgers agreeing to assist
at the work. At the appointed hour Dr.
Rodgers did not turn up and Dr. Mayer
performed the operation by himself.
The woman subsequently died leaving
a will in which she appointed Mayer to
administer her estate without bonds.
Shortly after the woman's demise Dr.
Mayer was called Into the presence of
Vice President Chartery and Informed
that charges had been preferred against
him for unprofessional conduct by Dr.
Rodgers and was asked to give an ex
planation. This he started to do, but. be
coming excited, struck his fist violently
on the table and refused to answer cer
tain questions put to him unless he Wai
given an opportunity to explain the cir
cumstances surrounding the matter on
which he was interrogated. This he was
not allowed to do and the meeting re
united In the physician leaving the room
without any satisfactory conclusion being
arrived at by the committee who sat with
Chartery.
Dr. Mayer heard nothing further of the
matter until he received a letter several
weeks ago notifying him that he had
been discharged from his position rs
visiting physician to the hospital beraus*
of the unparliamentary and discourteous
manner In which he had behaved while
before the committee.
There is a law In the statutes of the
French society that makes it possible for
any one who feels himself aggrieved to
demand an investigation before a mass
meeting of members of the society If hi
can pet 200 signatures to a petition de
manding the same. This Dr. Mayer has
succeeded in doing and the meeting will
take place as above mentioned.
Dr. Mayer blames all his troubles on the
professional jealousy of Dr. Talt. which
has been helped along by the 111-will of
Vice President Chartery consequent upon
a row which occurred between that gen-
W - - '. •
i ANAEMIA means ■ J
♦ HiiMtmiH DECUNE j
I DEBILITY ■
♦ *
: paleness, weakness, emaciation-the symptoms ;
1 ■ • !
1 HUDYAN-A POSITIVE CURE, j
i.; ' I
*£ , iJflfiL ""^"N, When the blood Is «?»
♦ o&3:ZL*mll!</ J tnln and watery. ♦
I /JB&»"..Tgg^Lj{ S when It 13 dctlclent ! «
i 4a^4l^^-- * '" lhoso rt><l ceUa *
j^HNv^ rl\ that are so lnr.. >r-
* •§sS§^?'b3L'/\Y v rr tant to llf< - • ir - <1 t
••" |SJF' «&fcss4r lA^'O health, rh«* condition ••
♦ / fr-riZ^ **l/) V v '•*" knuwn as anae- ♦
T Zi.'-V?' ?W ■ £>P?1 ./T> mla. General decline ♦
♦ \f V! ' I^''s A T' quickly follows ♦
*2 jl '<-, J> s*s'''-75 * s '''-7 t> anaemia. II udy a n '*
f O" I *>». /fcS." v! *vl tf O roirccts the evil. ♦
V / v M/h'u <r\i J"^ WOMEN' are sub- *
X y >s=*77*x t^Oj'^v cct to anaemia ♦
/ ... O^v w I^MT? more often than 'v
- >C«/C^ U VWJ.C 7/ >*,> men. althou K h It la ♦
t S P^*. '~\s If'A not exclusively a«♦
I / r*\LTck S^ ■ v I woman's disease. In ♦
/ r^f\ \QJ women, anaemia Is •*•
*. / (IStrl m/h \ \x\ usually complicated ♦
T. / yfo^iS^v J> VII Wv / with weaknesses <*»
/ j&h kvift?** «sS?^k-. _»^^ \Kv i^ I ant ' diseases pecul- ♦
i / ''J* •'■ittw^s. i> 1 iv\ 1// M such as uterine and ♦
1 (« V /^^^V\SNi?<fW : i^.'a '■ 'F Mrs}/ IS ovarian troubled, lv- —
I \ \L- iSS^VlVfe&^tiW/ / / corrhoea. etc. ♦
i \ \7 W© 1 ; llVW^T'iY' I /^ Women's peculiar •
J> \ \/ O^^t' A. /i. J\l l^tZ. disorders come as a ♦
♦ X \//Bo^ytj/^>i!ffl'M /^-^JF result -of anaemia, f-
.:. \. iCLcVW^N h>!Hv/^-h >! Hv/^-' J IjTZ^..-^ * f..r wh^ri woman's ♦
I >./5?/^^V^aV/ ofcr—^r-T^ general health 1* bo- •••
{MD/ A 1 » Mrg£riL£^>*! low par. then suffer- ♦
1 f~~^ l>*\ /Wilralllllli \ II Inps « n<l miseries ♦
X / ■>*: \ F^wi'lUn'L \\ relative to th- ma- ♦
I / > \ f///A\\ i// Ir torna ' organism ♦
X A I \ / '//tin ///■Bll '-i * place. BRINGS ♦
X // \l \ t/ZZI ' >V>^ [ll CO M P ORT TO ♦
k W 11, \ I//////M ''>''' \V WOMEN Hurt: <£
♦ In 111 I W///m '^— a * makes rich. red ♦
X 71 1 I v/'//Jm /i^^"N* blood and corrects ♦
♦ /i\ 1 \ VilU^V^ n all uterine or ovarl- •
.;. /' fin !i 1 rrßmtm *■ r an troubles. Hudyan •
♦ //l/i A 1 ///^BMi"" v cures palpitation of '•»
♦ / 1 'I \rwm\NX\ " h« art lfi « ]1 - chok '
t /I i 1 I/13l Tl ln « sensations (flg. ♦
<> / /■ r; V' 2), paleness, sunken *
♦ ! V//M. I cheeks (fig. 3). hollow
«j» V/// W ♦ eyes (tig. 4), head- ♦
♦ ■ '■ "1 y / aches and dizzy *v
<?> If V/ spells (flg. sj, pain In *
♦ l' back (ng. 1). all £
! l ?glS|s^Sj£ fesfiasas^Si pro.- w |
X scanty menses, chronic Inflammations or 1 u I I ""' J Jv nS '«»h«no- #.!s». v
1 Pale, weak, nervous women, you want HLDYAN-nothlns else. t
\\ x,r^rr« ■■■ rr\l/ i \! from your druggist. 60c. a package, nix 4,
♦ GET HUDYAN packaKes. 12 60. If he does n i
• VJCrI ll^Jl^l **i sen.i direct to HI I 0..
t COr YO^° C MAY'C?>N S S I!LT g^V^ik^oS^A'Sl^OUß CASE FREE ♦
X OF CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE. ♦
tleman and Dr. Mayer some months ago.
at which time the doctor took occasion to
tell Chartery what he thought of him.
Rodgers Is looked upon by Mayer as
merely a catspaw, used by his other two
enemies to further their own ends.
There has been a great dca V alr bl and
feeling engendered over the affair and
some lively times may be looked for
when Gaul meets Gaul.
REPUBLICANS HOPE TO
CONTROL COMMITTEES
Senator Hanna's Name Prominent as
a Member of the Committee on
Finance.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2— The Republi
can members of the Senate probably will
hold a caucus Tuesday afternoon next to
make provision for the organization of the
committees. There are many vacancies
on committees caused by the retirement of
Senator*. These will he filled and In the
where Republicans are In the mi
nority of committees steps will be taken
to change the membership so as to give
than control.
Having so clear a majority of the mem
bers of the Senate, the Republicans are
.1 m assert their privilege >>f con
trolling committee work throughout.
The general lnurest In the committee
ehanse* centers In the Commltt.
Fil an< ••• There are two vacancies in that
committee caused by the retirement of
Senator Turpie of Indiana and White ©*
California, and the Republican Senaiots
insist on filling both.
The friends of Senator Hanna are urg
ing his election for one of the places.
The probabilities are that the detailed
work of filling the committees will be
delegated to a committee and that no ac
tual changes will be made for several
days, or possibly weeks.
Fight on a Steamer.
ST. JOHN. N. 8.. Dec. 2.— The Donald
son line steamer Amarynthia arrived
from Glasgow to-day with a mutiny (>n
board. As soon as the vessel dropped
anchor in the harbor Captain Taylor sent
for the police to take off thirteen cattle
men, who were attempting to take pos
»< ision of the ship. Chief Clark an.i a
pquad boarded the steamer, an.l att*»r a
flint during which knives were drawn,
the cattlemen were overpowered and
placed tn Irons. It appeared that the
cattlemen broke Into the cargo of Whisky
Just before the vessel reached port and
drank liciuor freely.
Supports Otis' Policy.
HONOLI/l.r. Nov. ML— United State*
Consul General Haywood returned to-day
from Manila. China and Japan on the
steamer Coptic. The Consul expects to
be recalled by next February a* it H i m
tected that American laws will have been
extended to the islands by that time. Mr
Haywood is a supporter of the policy of
General Otis in the Philippines, where he
thinks jrood work that will soon be com
pletely successful is being done.
Despondency Causes Suicide.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 2.— John M«>nry
Hopfer, who has for the past forty-four
years lived on the Karcheval plare on
(Jrand Island, was discovered to-night
hanging in the tankhouse there. He was
77 years old and had amassed consider
able money by his economy. His health
had been failing for the past year, and It
is supposed despondency over this led to
the rash deed.
Found Dead In Bed.
CLOVERDALE. Dec. 2— S. Chamber
lain, an employe on the Hemsath ranch,
was found dead in his cabin yesterday
morning. Chamberlain lived for nuny
year? In Idaho and came to this city three
months ago. Death was due largely to
overindulgence In alcoholic liquors.
Chapelle Coming.
1,08 ANOEI-ES. Dec. 2.— Archbishop
Chapelle of New Orleans, who Is the spe
cial emissary of the Pope to Manila, will
arrive here to-morrow on his way to San
Fram-i 1--"1 -'-" Bishop Montgomery will en
deavor to persuade him to stop here one
day.
Death of John Canfleld.
MANISTEE. Mich.. Dec. 2.— John Can
fleld. millionaire lumberman, died to-day
aged 69, after an Illness of several
months.
THE DOOR THAT OPENS.
"Ever sit," paid Mr. Goblinton, "late at
night alone in a room, reading or study
ing, everybody gone to bed lung ago, the
house, the whole city, quiet, and see, pres
ently, across the table, on the other side
of the room, a door opening slowly?
That's a hair-raising experience. You
don't know by what means the knowledge
that It was opening was first conveyed
to you. but you see it now. opening slowly
and steadily and silently, and you get up
and grasp the chair in which you have
been sitting, and stand up. with the table
between you and him for further protec
tion, and wait for him; but he doesn't
cnni»
"Then you go around to the door; It ia
stopped now. and Is standing dead. It
yields with no resistance except that of Its
own weight when you open it wider, and
holding to it you look around the door
Jamb into the hall. Silence, there, perfect
and complete; nobody there; those »fr.«
ghostly lingers. If any. that turned tho
knob. And so you shut the door, securely,
and go back to your reading.
"Presently you fln>.l the door open again,
but this time there Is an air of vacancy
about it, and now you realize what it all
mean?. The back of the catchbolt, that
you turn with a knob, is worn a little,
rounded, or the metal frame around tho
socket Into which the bolt enters may bo
worn, or both. Or It may be the door ha*
shrunk, or the jamb has drawn away from
It, so that only the Up end of the bolt
catches In the socket, and has a constant
tendency to work free: the slightest shak
ing or jarring starts It. and gradually It
works Itself clear of the socket; an. then.*
if It happens to be hung Just so, the door
slowly opens.
"And there you are, and It is all very
simple, when you come to know about It:
but It's never altogether agreeable: yoi.
never really get used to the door that
opens."
Love in a Flat.
"You don't care for a big hou.«e and lota
of servants, do you?" he asked.
"Not at nil." she replied promptly.
"Don't you think that love In a flat
would be delightful?" ho persisted.
"Yes." she answered: "love In a flat, but
not life with one."
He postponed his proposal.— Chicago
Post.
f I "^1 Dependable Drug»
Dolls jr|
are fj*
Here flf
The Owl's fln-
nual doll day will
jfirj^ be he Id in San
Vij i U F ranc >s co Wed-
fThe Owl's tn-
nual doll day I
be held in San
Francisco Wed-
nesday , Decem-
| J ber 13 th. Every
.1 «| customer will get
Ha big doll free on
that day.
Doll Day in Oakland is
Tuesday, December 12th.
The Owl Shampoo 25c
Bottle Bay Rum 25c
Rose Cold Cream 25c
Witch Hazle pint 25c
Lesley's Tooth Powder 25c
Lesley' • Talcum Powder
3 boxes for 25c
Seidlitz Powders, I dozen 25c
Castoria 25c
Bird Seed — 3 lbs 25c
Allcock's Plasters — 2 25c
Baker's Carbolic Salve 25c
Mail Orders &/}>■■•
With every mail order %4 ,V\
received on Tuesday V{l j \j
and Wednesday, De- L /
cember 1 2th -1 3 th, 7 1
we will ship one doll. MrrV*
No dolls sent by mail. I a
Fr«« delivery to railroad point* within
100 miles on or :«r» of $5 or up.
JTm^ 1128 MARKET ST.
fr^'< w£w^> ■ «*n r*«Nciaeo
10th and BROADWAY.ouuuTHE EMPORIUM.
hi Slaro open ovonlng% nntfl Christmas, « a Wins folk, who cannot come
■X Jml to ?thl ? Vl! from u . nbrok2B • MOrtmMlU of Holiday Goois, and fo'ks who
r"'rtab\ ■ the day tea, bat prefer to avoid the cr.wd, a chance to shop mora
Men's Holiday
f urnishings.
s*. A big vaue in
sVixK Holiday Suspend-
// ' . \ \^r- •' r " — ehoire of 60
\< y d M with silk
\ " ita /A webhinirs in hind-
\ "^ /+ "ome holiday pat-
-VvWv^ £ terns.
{^C^^T^f French white kid
- . •*) ends and K .k
IV«>--"^r '*-*■/ mount in C a, boxid
lf' J "!>V :^ J JL in single pairp, t,er
&$ pair SOo
/•T>~i/**« ?\ Men's ah-sik
/VvT-^i^S I \ Handkerchiefs
c-^<^rSc -^<^rS 0 V with handsomely
LJ_r>>^2 *mbroidered ini-
tia i
w , _ . , _ 2 So and SOo
Men • Cambric Hem.titchei Initial Hand-
korchiefs;
SSO each, or 2 for 250
 ,2, 2O ° each « or I 'or SOo
Men's pure linen H?m-titched Handker-
chiefs with very handsome initial*
••; -• 25c and 350
Men'i new Ho iday Neckwear, hte°
Lastern novelties, many of the designs
exclusive with ■*. male of fineit siiki
»ad satins, in the most styiuh shapes
a=d of ore generous propor i>n« than
ts usual for the I rices. boxed singly in
pretty boxes at
.. •;••• soo, 7 so $Lbb
Men s Fancy Hosiery, new polka dot'
new silk str.pes new pla.ds, flne im .
.. P rtej icXt per P air 250
Mens Fancy Hcsiery of American silis
in new shades of b'.ues, fine lij'e and
Balbriggans, with siik stripes, new
serpentine effects, etc, per pair~soo
Holiday Fans.
Fancy wood or ivory sticks, in hand-
panted gauze, pink, blue, cream o-
black, each 350 to 55.00
Ostrca Feather Fans, black, p:nk. blue or
creaa, each SOo to $5.00
Holiday Furs.
An an -
rivaled col- **^"^T"\
lection of f'f/^^'h
£& Ja'c"! E^M
Collhrcttesi " &&&
$7.50 '
Baltic Seal
and Astrachan Collarettes
910.00
Electric Seal and Grebe Collarettes
- 912.50
Electric Seal and Black Opo-sura ColUr-
ettes 915. OO
Black Marten and Electric S-al Gollar-
•«es ; • f20.00
Electric Seal and Persian Lamb Col'ar-
ettes. like picture $20.00
Baltic Seal Cape, star yoke of Astrachan,
tails all around, 14-inch $13.00. 16-
inch $14.00. 18-inch 915. 00
Besx quality of Marmot Capes, look al-
most like Miak. ruffl« around the bot-
tom, 14-inch $17.50, 16 inch $20.00,
„■"••«* $22.50
Baltic Seal Jacket, laUit style, very
handsome, 22-inch $32.50. 24 irc^i. ....*.
••••••••• ••••••••• ••••• ••••••», 935.66
Canadian Marten Curved Boa, h ad ani
fire tails, special vain* . 92. 50
Cisadian Marten Boa, horceinoe snap*.
two heads ani eight tafli 94. OO
Immense afisortaents of Children's Fur
Seta, rauff ani collar, at $1 0) to
- 93. 50
Men's Smoking
Jackets.
More to choo«e
fresi ani, we be- r**
lieve, prettier ( ***
ftylei than can V J%
be found else- vdSjiT^fc*^
rhere in town — /CyS^iSX
prices range from I] >« 7l \
$4.50 to $15.00. / JjmvA \
ani embrace wool /•"•sLrM ' \v-i^
eiderdown, chevi- [4 J& I V \p*J
ots, tricots, two- \^T I t^)fSS
faced cloth, re\- □ l^iK]
ret', velours, co- 1/ / I /^tW'L
verts, ftr.. etc. \S% t I r
At $5.00 TJ • / /
The b g ttore of*
fers 14 different
fobrs and Etylts of Smoking Jacket*—
every one is new. and unusually good
value for the rnon'y — we call special at-
tention to the assortment of new double
Fcotch cloths with satin binding and new
Tuxi*do collar-.
At $7.50 and $S 00-The
most Doj.ulsr prices — we show more, than
L'O different styles in various materials,
including our new Scotch double cloth
effect*, which wll compare favorably
with any $]0 valuss that you will find in
the c!ty.
MB. CHAMBERLAIN
THUS TOO MUCH
Hornet's Nest Stirred Up
in Europe.
'"' J >r: c M»(J. IMC by th« A»»oc!ate<l Pr»«».
LONDON. Dec. 2— Mr. Chamberlain's
liking for straight-flung words has not
only thrown the capitals of Europe into
a turmoil, but his declarations have beer.
I v DO means acceptable to those In Erf
land who are responsible for the relations
v. ah the United it tea It .pears that
vhen Mr. Choate made his Thanksgiving
Ej^erh, he was quite Ignorant that Mr |
1 . : ; : • i i.il n was epeaklng so definitely !
■..-.:•,^ tangible alliances, and the Em
■ ■■.:■:■. r did not intend his generalising
2 -garding Great Britain. Germany and
t*j« United States to be taken as confirm
ation of tho Colonial Secretary's out
fl'oken remarks. It would appear that
Mr. Chamberlain only told the truth, for
in the dispatches of November 25. It w«a
;;:;•■■•! out that negotiations were afoot
for an alliance looking for a settlement
t'X the Far Eastern question. The Out
r>'ik, particularly well-Informed on Chl
bcs« matters, says this week:
"The keynote of the new understand
ing will be found In the words 'open
«3'*or.* "
Ja Mew cf Stcrffgrz Jity'a denial to
THE EMPORIUM.
The Toys.
Any toy or game that your
child may want can surely be
found here, and fairly priced.
Tb« toy stock is complete to the imst
minute detail, th- books, the dolls,
the games, the animals, the
wagons, all are here, a quality and
variety so vast that any attempt at enu-
meration is . instantly frustrated. All
that we can do is to print in limited list
and to say that we are sorry for the
child, who does not get to see th:--, the
one great holiday sight for childhood in
San Francisco.
Mechanical Toys,
jV «j Automatic Toys,
(f*>L%pir^7\ Magnetic Toys,
\&F~iij£r y\ Magic Lanterns,
j&Kj^s~^\ Steam Engine .Hot
ysyfW i.Y Ar Hotora, D»i
*^-\ Yr ul~~s^ Houses, Stables,
\\v / /Tr^K'A rocerT Stores,
Y-Va/ \ \VsP Butcher Shops,
A^Jrl 1^ Theaters, Hiraes
\jigj I 1 1'// on Sands, Rock-
"Wjf f [I % in Horses, Swing-
"ji ' II ing Hors.'p. Trucks,
11 \] Grocery Wajrons,
**--SX«= r ' Q*^ Fire Engine?. Hook
and Lidders, -Hose
Carts. Patrol Wagons, Vi laces Farm*.
NoihV Arks, Trains, Too! Cheats. Pianos,
Printinj Presses. Drums, Horns. Games,
Blocks Puzzel*, Tops. Banks, Tea Sets,
China Sets, Pewter Sets, Christmas Trees,
Tricycles, Velocipedes, Bureaus. Bed-
•teaJc. Chair?. Sofis, Wardrobes Stoves,
Trumpsts, Rcldiers, Rattles, Ten Pins,
Gun. Horse Reins, Whip?, Canes, etc., etc.
All gathered from first hands through-
out the historic manufacturing villages
of Germany, Austria and France. Pretty,
pleasing and interesting toy» at oc each.
Do Is that are nnrvels at $20.00, and all
sorts of toys at the prices in between.
1 /
Boys' Clothing.
Three hundred new style Vestee
Suits have just been added to our
assortment at $2 93. /T^s
Handsome all-wool Blue ,v.-£"^
Cheviot;, with new Tuxe- 3L»
do collar and si k l;p?h — /cC\rX
vest shield prettily m- /^»<
broidered — pants with / y^^^-J
buckle at knee — new Gray 1 / /T~
Cheviots of pretty design, V^/^V f
large collar, handsomely lib I / \Jj
trimmed with green braid, 'i| / y
vest with red embroidered \J/ \ /
shield, pants with buckle [ \ .
at knees — an! a new I \
brown fabric made sam» as |T j^V
abDve with a trimmed red (<)
sailor collar and red
trimmed vest — splendid, serviceable
.Suits that are easily worth a dollar rnor«
than our price— all sir** from 3to 8
J«rs - 92.95
Crystal Ware,
Bric-a-Brac, Etc.
Thousands of articles in the great
Crockery and Ornament D»par that
are suitable for Christmas Gift? — cur
direct importations from Europe and the
best that America produce.
Terra Cotta Busts and Figures — all the
very latest mo els — from $1.50 e-»ch
t0.... $20.00
Enamelei Metal Urns — gold-phteJ trim-
mings—from $2.25 to $15.00
Bohemian Crystal and Chita decorated
Vases — all shape- and tiaal — from
10c to $20.00
Crystal and Co'ored Glass Lemonade
Sets— from 9?c to $5.00
Onyx and Gilt Tables, Jar luie-.-.
Flower Pots, in almost endless assort-
ment — and at prices to suit any. purse.
Holiday Lamps — more than 50 differ*
ent styles of flat burner or center drift,
in all styles of decoration, at prices vary-
ing from 83c to $17.60.
Things To Be
Made Up.
"Working "noughts" tha manager of
t• d part me t calls tie c ar icle to
embroider ani to make v i for Christ-
mas gifts.
Denim Liuadry Bags, each
25c ■ $t.50
L nen Sho • Bags, 2 pockets l"c, 4 p eke >
18e, 6 pocke s 25c, 8 pock ts 350
Combina ion Liundry and Shoe B 75 O
C' mb and Brush Case each. .sc and 8c
Traveling Cases, eich 4-5 c
Sp-ke Stitched Linen Squares, 36x26
inches 93c, 40x40 inches $1.15
Dr wn Work Trays, 12x18 inches. .33 O
H w Scilloped Center P eces,
COc, 25c, 350
Tinted Rose Cushion, top and Lotto ■
450
Banket of Holy Cubsion Tops 450
Bachelor Cushi)aTop3....4sc and 600
Table Covers, tinted, 36x3G inches. GOo
Rittenber% Lace 'Patterns and Brat.l,
'Rings, Thread and all materials /or do-
ing lace work.
1 the Chinese Minister, It is presumed that I
the United States, at any rate, as yet baa
■ not decided to claim any sphere in China.
i According to opinion here Secretary
Hay's denial was to be expected at this
stage, and whether or not It correctly
forecasts the attitude of the United
States. It is not regarded as dissipating
the belief that the "open door" is now
the basis of negotiations between the ,
powers, far more comprehensive than
mere answers to the United States' re- \
■ Quests for assurance*.
In addition to being the center of at
traction in Europe's excitement over
mooted alliances, Mr. Chamberlain occu
pies the center of the stage In the
French-British dispute. His official rec
ognition of tne French press diatribes and
throat of retaliation made in his Leices
| ter speech have Incurred the censure of
many of his own supporters, while his ut
terances irritated France almost to an
; alarming extent.
The speakei declares Mr. Chamberlain's
j head has been turned by his Interview
' with Emperor William and expresses tho
hope that the French nation will not
■ forget that he. is not yet Foreign Secre
tary.
The fact that the French naval attache,
speaking at the Temple Yacht Club din
ner, simultaneously with Mr. Chamber
lain, emphatically disowned before Ad
miral Beresford and the other attaches
and 700 prominent Britons, the attacks on
the Queen, has rendered Mr. Chamber
lain's notice of them more striking. The
Associated Press learns that the French
naval attache's speech was revised by the
French Kmbassmlor and was made at his
personal request.
The conservative French papers con
trast Mr. Chamberlain's remarkable ut
terances with those of Admiral Beresfori.
who, following the French naval attache,
declared that a few caricaturists could
not be taken to represent a nation.
The Autorite to-day says: "We are con
fronted by the positive threat of war.
Possibly it does not correspond with Brit
ish naval aeqUraent, but It la Mr. Cham
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1899.
THE EMPORIUM.
AN IMPOSING HOLIDAY SHOW.
Never has the store looked so beautiful as it does to-day, in the midst of the
greatest Christmas business ever transacted on the coast. It is not only ONE of
the sights of San Francisco— it is THE sight toward which thousands of shoppers
turn their steps daily.
It's conveniences— everything nnder one roof ; a place to eat if hungry, to rest
if tired ; telephones, telegraph and post offices ; ticket offices where the best seats for
the local theaters are sold ; Hair Dressing, "Manicuring and Chiropodist Departments
nightly concerts by California's best orchestra ; quick and efficient service, and, above
all, low prices for the right kinds of goods, make it the ideal shopping place.
■mHpfT^ • j Add 10 per cent for
"*m%JI mt %o^\ . laT postage to following
fa ' ' :VS: VS But 15 ©i[f%*& prloes if books are to
■r. \j\ \y be sent by mail.
* V ? SfK^^S The big store's great Book Department— with one excep-
1 •■'''-.- -^ tion the largest in America — now offers more than 200,000
I [■■. -j^r~: volumes at prices much less than the publishers'. Books
1/^^" Sacred and Books Secular, Books of Sciences, of Art, of Fiction and of
R^s^^^^^^v Poetry ; Books for Children and Books for Adults ; Books exquisite in their
\^^fe^-. . ;^ illustration ; Books in every variety and form of binding, from the plainest
G^i^^v^ 1 "" *• to the handsomest. Here are some of the Holiday editions of recent publi-
>?/ cations :
"Janice Meredith"— a delightfu' story
of Colonial times — the two volum?
$5 edition wit I 68 illustration by How-
ard Pvle — miniatures in coV.rs — for
93.
The 91. 50 edition or "Janice
Meredith" lot 91.15
" Hu^h Wynne" — 2 volumes — the $ •
edition, printed on fine paper, with 12
photogravures by How rd Pvle and
: other*, for '. 93. Q0
"Education of Mr. Pipp" — a book of
drawings by Charles Dana Gib.-on —
published at $5—5 — prce.^3. 85
Other $5 books by Gibson aro "Draw-
ings," ' Pictures of Peop'e," "London,"
"People of Dickens" and "Suet
2 and Cartoons"— all at 93.85
"Ships and Sailors" — Zj^baumV $ > book
of drawings in co'or and in black in 1
white, with patriotic verses and rai'i'
 •••• 93.50
Bohemian Paris ot To-Day "— By W. C.
Morrow, with illustration by Cucuel.
Published at $3.50, our price
92. 75
Library Editions
and Gift Books.
Popn'ar edition of S:ott, 12 va'umes,
bound in cloth, well printed on > rod
paper, our price 93. 50
"Handy Vo urn-? Shako-peare," Snakes-
peare'j complete poetic and dramatic
works, in 13haniy volumes, bound in
cloth, good type and cood paper, with
cl ith case* to match, our p-ic
93. 50
Th fo I 'owing standard Books bound
in c oth, hundreds of titles, by the bet
known authors, all th» masterpieces of
fiction, poetry, cs?ays, travels, etc.. etc.:
Berkeley Library, $1.50 books for 500
Famous Library, $1.00 books for..-500
Colonial Libr.ry, $1.00 bcok3for...3SO
Aetna Library, 35; books for 180
Dresden Classes. 75c book 3 f0r....29C
Dinner Sets.
Year by year the tendency grows to
make useful presents and our experience
has been that the housekeeper who take*
pride in her home appreciates the gift
of pretty table ware. Here are som;
moderately priced dinner sets :
Serai-porcelain Dinner Set, latest shape,
in th" new green or red-brown Medway
I) (.-oration —
52 pieces for C persons $6.Q0
103 [.it- c- for 2 persons.. slk.sO
Semi-porcelain Dinner Set, in a rich, dark
flow blue, pretti'y bordered —
52 pieces for 6 pers i a $BmOO
103 pieces for 12 person ..$15.55
Carlsbad China D nner Sat, daintily
decorated in greaa or yellow — •
52 piece 3 for 6 persons.... sl3. 75
100 pieces for 12 person-. 520,00
Genuine Haviland China Dinner Set, with
a pretty violet or rose decoration —
100 pieces for 12 person*. s2s,oo
These Blankets
Are Bargains,
We are selling fine White B ankets at
one-quarter less than they would cost
to produce at the present price of
wool. Our larga buying and foresight
in anticipating the advance enable us
to offer the best valces In Blankets
ever shown in that Department.
Elegant White Wool Blanket?, beauti-
fully mide. 74x84 inchei in pi'z* and
weighing 7 lbs, per pair $6.95
A splendid White Ca ifornia Wool Blan-
ket, 78 inches wide, weight 6u It*, a
special value, per pair $5.65
i:3o to 3:30 W Ooldenftule Bazaar. ■!
p. m. CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S ORANDEST STORE. 7:30 m
berlain who eommanda. "We would as
suredly have desired to preserve peace
but the Minister who leads Great Britain
wants war, which Is, consequently, in
evitable."
This extract from the Autorite voices
the extreme tone. The Petit Parislen be
lieves Mr. Chamberlain tried to throw
dust Into the eyes of the British public
in order to avoid attention attracted to
the defeats in South Africa.
Thus the Colonial Secretary has stirred
up a hornet's nest. In marked contrast
to his line of action Is that of M. del
Caaee, whose moderate speeches and
statesmanlike references to the Trans
vaal, receive the warmest commendation
fr.m all sections of the British press,
though several firms have announced that
they have withdrawn their exhibits from
the Paris Exposition on account of
French enmity.
POWDER WORKS FOR
POINT SAN PEDRO
Haifa Million Dollars to Be Expended
in a Dynamite and Nitrogly
cerin Plant.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 2.— The United
States Smokeless Powder Company has
reconsidered Its determination to estab
lish a plant In Contra Costa County and
will again locate on the old site near the
Ban Rafael golf links or at Point San
r< dro. The latter place will probably re-
Mtva the preference on account of tho
fact that water can be secured there In
greater quantltien and at far less expense
than on the old site.
It Is proposed to establish a dynamite
and nitroglycerin plant, which means
the outlay of half a million dollars. The
final determination not to remove from
Marln County means a good deal for the
laborers of this part of the State, as sev
eral hundred men will be employed at the
new wurkj, ._
THE EMPOHITJM.
Popular New Novels.
Our prices on these are at least 20 per
cent less than the pub ishers'.
Santa Claua' Partner," T. N. Pages/«2O
"The Da Willoughby Claim," Burnett
$1.20
"Stal y & C 0.." Kipling $1.12 '
"The King's Mirro ," Hope $1.17
"Via Crucis," Crawford $1.15
"R chard Carvol." Churchi 1 $1.15
"The Gentlemen from Indiana," Tirk-
ington $1 2O
"Th? O:h?r Fellow," Smith $1.20
"AM m— He Mirk," Morrow .94
"The Lion and th ■ Unicorn," Davh *98
" Jennie Baxter, Journals', "Birr. .98
"Mr. Doo in the Hearts of Hi'
Countrymen "- .94-
" Act Service," Crane ,97
"The Enchantei Typewriter," Banes
$1 OO
New Books for
Boys and Girls.
"American Boys' Series "
— By such favorite authors of boys'
books as 0 iver Optic. Elij h Keliogir, |
Prof. Jas. Da Mill) an-i Samuel W.
Cozzens ; 50 -rent titli< ; pu ■ if -
er's price $1.00 each, our pric°. GOO
"American Girls' Series "
— A carefully selected list of 50 differ-
ent b^oks of girls, by such popular
write: as Amanda M. Douglas, Vir-
ginia Town3end, Aie aide Simue's and
Sophie May, publisher's price $I.o',
our price 60c
" Young America's Series"
— 50 different books suitable for boyj.
with titles such as "Boat Cub,"
"Binny Prince Charlie," "Boy Tar,"
"By Right of Conquest," "Erie Train
Boy," and "Under Dake's Flag": pub-
lisher's price 50c, our price 250
"Old Glory Series"— ■•■With
D.'wev at Manila." "Under Schley on
the Brooklyn." "Und«r Oti? in the
Philippines," and "A Yoan<j Volunteer
in Cuba" QBe
Fine Furniture.
Every day reminders of the giver,
these
Sen^ibe £Z~~*^jt3F* ss — J~
gif that f'^V,'-' 7if\\
Acres of hril t— l
good % "MM -C
furniture 7 flSf O*OJ s
specially ' 4~i> 1 V^^L
pricei $ft )p®frfcs
for . the t V^" *-*??&&\
Apiece"' J5 \ '$£ Mr'^^V
Parlor *- | \^^^^^l
a^og ' =^^^//' i .h^Si^Jn
any fin- '^^l/(- ' l/\Wll
*■*"<- insA V W
frames, - -«,•'/ • || )
pretty
velour npho'stering — several patterns
to select from— special this we?k
922.25
Library Tables, golden oak or mahogany
finished, hi hly polished patterned top,
22x32 inch?*, one commodious driwer.
Urge shelf for books or papers, special
for this week $6.75
Combination Book Case, golden oak, large
writing shelf with two shelves belovr
for books, etc., special this week
97.25
Lidies' Writing Tab es, mahogany finish-
ed, one drawer and on j shelf, a very
pretty and acceptable Chri«tmis eift,
special this week 94.25
Tdbourettes, go den oak, mahogany or
biraV eye maple, pretty shapes, -penal
for this week, each 91. 05
BUBONIC PLAGUE
CARRIED TO KOBE
Three Deaths Have Been
Reported.
♦
Correspondence of the Associated Press.
YOKOHAMA., Nov. 16.— The bubonic
plague has made Its entry into Japan.
five undoubted cases having been reported
at Kobe, three already proving fatal. The
pest is traced to cotton Imported from
China, the original buyer, the carrier and
the purchaser of the stuff being the three
victims. Much dismay prevails in the in
fected city and the most drastic measures
are being taken by the authorities. A
hundred houses are Isolated and a corps
of the most eminent physicians In the em
pire has been dispatched to the scene
with full powers. Much confidence is
placed In Dr. Kitasto. a pupil of Dr. Koch,
who. In his researches and discoveries In
bacteriology, has well nigh surpassed his
master. In spite, however, of these reas
surances, much consternation prevails
and traveling In the direction of Kobe is
receiving a severe check.
A striking illustration of the sensitive
ness of the Japanese anent the Russian
encroachments in Korea is to be found in
the fact that although it was perfectly
well known that the autumn maneuvers
of the army were to be held this week yet
tUc embarkation of troops upon two
HEE EMPOHITJM.
"St. Nicbolts for 1899," per set
$3.35
" Anderson's Fa:ry Tales," complete
QSo
"Bible Stories," profusely illustrated ....
eoc
"Little Dr. Victoria," Carnaban
91.12
"We Win." Herbert H .mS in... 91. 15
"Square Pegs," A. D. T. Whitnev
91.20
"Cattle Ranch to College," Doubl-dnv ...
91.20
'' An Undivi ed U ion," Oliver Optic
91.18
"Miish:rm»n Stuart," Monro? 980
1 Stories Polly Pepper Told," Sidney
91.18
"Story of Our War With Spain." Brooks.
91.20
"Mi6S Vanity," Am« E. Banciiard
i 91. 00
"GiVin Ham lton," Molly E iott-Sewell....
91.13
"Forward Mirch," Kirk Mo-roe
$1.00
"Miles' Natural History," C.'loed
Pates ." QBO
"Boys' Book of Inventions," Baker
91.G0
Children's Books
Illustrated In Colors.
Mother Goos:*, board covers 60c, 85c
Muther Goo?e, paper covir<...sc to 50c
Father Goose, l oard cover*, new fine
edition $1.10
Grimm's Fair/ Ta'e< 25c, 40c, 75c
Anderson's Fairy Tales— ..2sc, 40c, 75c
Chatterbox, boar! covers 75c
Bird. Cat and Dog Tiles, board cov-
en — each 35c
Swiss Fjnrly Robinson, Ro in on Cru-
809 or iE op's Fables, board covers —
each 50c
Kindergarten Strrie?, boarJ covers. ..soc
Dutton's Annnal f- r 19 0 $1.00
Groceries and
Fins Liquors.
A brief list just to remind yon that the
big store ■ selling Groceries at prices
never known before in C i lifo-nia. G v >
us your orders b» dire t Grocery Teh-
phone South 59 if you cannot come in
person. A a pirate special delivery
for the Groc?ry Department:
Good Jap m R : ce, 12 lbs for sOc
Best Dry Granu'at3d Su^ar, 21 1v h f0r....
: $1.00
Select Oysters, 1-lb tins, for tOo
Sure Catch Fiy Pap»r, the large siz«, box
of 2) double sheets for 25c
Z nfandel, Claret, White Wine or Pott,
per gallon 800
Cedar Run Bourbon Whiskey, the pool
$2.50 per gal on quility, for.. $2.0 3
White Libel Stout-Guinn3FB. best b.ew.
bottled by McMu'len. the best that the
market &ffordp, and sold everywhere
at $2 50 per dozsn, for $1.90
■
■
Umbrellas for
the Holidays.
Here are two lots <f Lidies' Umbrella 3
that would make useful, moderately
priced Holiday Gifts:
Ladies' Union Silk Umbrellas, paragon
frame, steel rod handles, either pearl
or ivory trimmed, Dresden balls or
natural wood ,i»h, each $2. 50
Ladies' all-si k Umbr lias, paragon frames,
steel rod handle?, in ivory, pea-l. Dres-
den or natural wood, each.... $3.09
transports here last Monday gave rise to
the wildest rumors that they were en
route for Korea, and In the popular imag
lnitlon the Impending war had already
begun.
Trouble Is brewing under the new treat
ies In the matter of taxation. They pro
vided that foreign owners of real estate
should not be subject to any deprivation
of the prlvileßes they enjoyed under the
old regime. The <;overnment holds, how
ever, that the I'Ull.lm^s on the lanil are
not real estate and that they are there
fore subject to the Japanese house tax.
which has now been levied.
Out of some 270 foreigners thus taxed
only forty-three have paid, under protest,
and tho QVWtfiHI has been put into the
hands of the foreign Ministers for adjust
ment. There are Indications that what
ever may be the decisions of the home
governments, the authorities will adhere
firmly to the position they have taken
and will enforce the tax.
The future Empress of Japan has been
chosen and her engagement to the Crown
Prince announced. She will have a dowry
of a million and a quarter yen from
her own family and from the Emperor,
the latter contributing the larger portion
of the sum. It may he significant that by
this marriage the Crown Prince will be
come related to the highest Buddhist
priest In the empire. In view of the strong
Buddhistic movement to secure state rec
ognition, this fact is commented upon as
o( gn-at Interest.
Predictions are freely made that the
coming session of the Parliament will re
sult In a brt-ak-up of the prosent minis
try. The Liberal party, through alliance
with which the CftDlnct has been enabled
to carry Its measures, is in a state of
chaos. Two of its leaders have resigned,
while another has been making Insistent
demands for spoils In the .shape of minis
terial appointments In return for party
service. The civil service Question Is thus
being brought to the front as prominently
as It is in the T'nlted States.
The Government has decided to build
two new crul: v.T3 in Us owu dockyards,
THE EMPORIUM.
Rcmarkablo holiday Window Display- Beginning Monday, a
perfect mooei of th- Emporium tuilding, .-even stories h: h and fifty feet long, mid* « f
Handkerchiefs, will be exhibited in tho show windows. east of themah tntrance. Xv r
external detail of the great store, from s^wa k to flg«taff, is reproduced in miniatu-e.
Sterling Silver
Novelties.
A beautiful stock thU, all the year
round, but a remark display co.v —
the holiday time. Our variety of Sterl-
in,; Silver Novelties and their low pries
simplify tha usual battling effect of
limited resources when endeavoring to
choos* a present for her or him. All our
silver novelties are 9 0-1000 fine, and
eac i pucd wll be marked free of charge.
■ Button Hook?, Nail Files, Calendars.
Ro ler Blotters, Litter Op>rers, Stamp
Moistener.s etc., c, 25c, 35c, 50c, 60c
76c to $1.50, according to the am or
desing of the article.
Holiday Stock
Ladies' Aprons.
j. Choose
£\ Q tour Cbrist-
/ fc-_— — 2q mas Aprons
f/iJTi' r— W b fore lh °
I'll h \ 7 A present large
/' • , I), and hand-
f F^j ' ; \i'l some assort-
/ / ots> I V mtnt * are
/i Jy k \ broken.
\y. # >% \ L" w n Tea
10 $: \/A ,\ Aprons, as
m? ■ "■^* J^> f •!} m picture.
///r.T/jjT'^^Ji svj\ lac and
Si*^ ■*- : 3sr " K^St* f trimmings,
v*"^ trimmings,
each 35C
Lawn Nurse Aprons with tucks, lam
size, each ~350
Lawn Nurje Aprons, embroidery inser-
tion 500
Fancy Tea Aprons, lace and ribbon inser-
tion and lace edging, each 500
Tea, Nurse and Dress Aprons, some
tucked, others with insertion and eve
of embroidery, each 7 50
Fina Aprons in all of th- new. dainty
and fascinating shapes finished with
all kinds of pretty trimmings each. ...
mt.oo
Here for Xmas
Handkerchiefs.
The Premier Stock of the West of
these moat popu ar gifts h here. Twice
as many dainty squares to offer 3on as
any other store is showing, and all mod-
erately priced.
L-di-.s' all- pure cOy
htmUitched hand- * r^^ s vX
embroiderel initial v-y^&
Handkerchiefs, put %S^Vs
up in one-half dozen «e?TV^
boxes for Holiday JV^JL
G ft-mak ng. per box /7n!7mS^\
. 90c or 51.50 JW(fll[;%&
Uhidren's hem-
stitched hand-em- Hr» \F/*-k-»\
broidereJ initial v^ /, YV*^c<^
Handkerchiefs put V,. - »\
vi in fancy picture 'i>{___iL-— /vkv^
boxes for Holiday- 3 *"^' " /^ i \
gifts, 3 in a box, {f — *'j,
per box 25c
Ladies' Jill in n hand-embroidered ini-
tial Handkerchiefs, more than 200
styes from whici to mike selection,
and exceptional values at the Holid iv
prices, each 500 and 25c
Lidies' sheer lawn hemstitched, embroi-
derel or lace edge Handkerchiefs, rood
quality, each... lOC, 12 5 C and ISC
Xmas Slippers.
Where else can you see so lar^e an
M ortnent and such excellent values as
are shown by the big store? Here are
half a dozen of the 50 odd styles of th •
slippers that we are showing for the
holidays :
/v ' Men's Fancy
|glglgpi^^g>. sizeT 750
Men's fine qua'-
ity Velvet S ip-
p rs embroid- »
erei, all s'z**..
98c
g^,^ Men's imitation
N^S^^-Qv Alligator Silp-
l-'^Nr^^VrV PerBP er8 that '"
Y£g£<s§?rf>^ "tand hard aerv-
-~iy h *^C^-':* .. j^^> ice, all s:z?3
98 c
M n's Black Vici '^^^l^-^^T^
Kid Everett r"'"''""^ 3 *"" J
Slippers— neat k^.~" — /
and durable — — ->
all sizes $ 25
Men's Russia
s**\ Calf Him et
Slippers, high
*$£Zj' I f r <> nt 8. turned
g-'.g -'.- / sew*d Joles,
1 " all sizM
$1.45
Ladies' Fe t Romeo3-blue,'"blav.k or
red — with fur
turned spwpd yP4£&7^
for comfort, I
ani stylish as \^<isB*** \^_^^
well — all si es ir >
$1.45
one at Kur e and the other at Yokohama.
It realizes the fact that this cannot be
done at anywhere near so small a cost as
the work would entail in foreign yards,
but aa a matter of national pride and for
the enco-ir.igement of domestic industries
the decision has been taken
ISSUES A CHALLENGE
FOR TEST OF CREEDS
Mohammedan Who Would Submit to
Crucifixion if His God Be Not
Proved the Best.
LONDON. Dec. 2. — A curious proposition
has been made to Lord Curzon of Keddle
ston by Mirza. Ahmad, a well-known Mo
hammedan of Kadikan. He wants the
British Government to call a public con
ference of all the religions and auhmlt
them to competitive examination under
two tests— demonstration of the sublimity
of their moral teachings and an outward
sign of divine support by the appearance
within the year of some miracle trans
cending all human limits If he falls to
prove that Mohammed was greater than
all others Ahmad offers to submit to cru
cifixion.
Lord Curzon. accompanied by his wife
proposes to visit his old frelnd. the Ameer
of Afghanistan, In 190 ft.
REMARKABLE INVENTION
FOR STFERING VESSELS
Craft Directed by Means of an Ether
Wave on the Wireless Tele
grapnic Principle.
LONDON. Dec. 2-An Invention has
been tested at Weymouth for steering any
THE EMPORIUM.
The Oriental
Holiday Goods.
The beautiful . J~i jOL_^
Chinese an! jfi^' ~*^^?^l S
Japanese B- if^ (T0../r^i T*4Ac'?
xa a r 03 theft fjy^^x fl s]Cj
main fl or rack )( • ll.&"<" r Jf%WW
of the Book D> v^^^^^S2^
partment is "Tj "^*~—^"^
one of the Holi- J>> flf^\
day sichts of the /] ■:
Emporium. Here ' /CM{^^<\
visitors to the big (L^ I // / »
store will find i \if I I
many Orient >il jCST'cr/
novelties, which i'^y>j\ 'A'//
cannot fail to II mU/l/
please and inter- .-——^Jjjj'l V
est their Eastern MWZgvf — p
friends, whu can- vt£f|| ,ll
not readily ob- j,\ \\
tain them in l_
their own h im«<.
There are fine C^ Jj
Cl -iyonnes Toys
Bronzes Fan*
Chinawire Etnny Furniture
Handkerchiefs Chinese I*** r?
Silk Gown* Sandul Wool Goois
Porcilains Licquered Wtre
Ivories Embroi leredScre;m
Carved Goods Silk Jackets, et.\
An immense cillection of Oriental
novelties and fancy goods in nv>l.-rn »nd
antique <le-»ign^ — all mar-. in Eagl'fa
in plain figure*.
This is thj lirgest and handiom:i>t
Bazaar in San Francisco.
A visit here ohvut ■■< many of th> un-
pleasant featu of a trip through the
Chinese quirt Both Chines j and
white clrrks in attend Prompt an I
polite servi?e accord to all visitors,
who.htr purchasing or not.
Extra Values
in Carpets.
Tapestry Carpets with borders to match,
fine line of patterns good heavy
qual ty, per yard 550
Other lines as low as .4So
Tapestry Carpet, best qualily of ten-wi c
Axminster effects in the newest ibides
and patterns, p.*r yard...- 720
Axminster Carpet. Smith* manufactu-e,
a soft deep • ih carpet, very handsome,
borleri to m itch, p«r yarJ 850
Body Bruise's, a very heavy Cirp't. tiat
wilt give long satisfactory wear, floral.
Oriental and Persian effects, aho
pretty delft blues borders to match,
per yarJ - $1.20
Linen Warn Matting, art designs, revers-
ible, variety of shade* and co orin**.
special price p?r yard 22 o
Smyrna Rues, all wool, fnnge both ends,
siza 20x60 inches special pri . »ach
$1.85
Valises and
Dress Suit Cases.
Hive you thought
what a useful and o*^>
acceptable gift a \*L
nice Dreis Suit Vw2L
Case or a Gal- A*^\
stone Bag would / j 1
mike? / / / I \
The bis: store's '/ II 1
Dress Suit Cases ji
are made of «c- __ LJ 4
lected leather, the fxSfrJL , I JsJ*
ends being t'irne I j % ,- yW
ever and then sew- <k y* ' '/^.yi
ed ani riveted by \^ j /
hand. NLi A^~ —
Newest pattern I s^^^X.
of Eaglhh Spring v ~' x^
Locks, handles of V
sewed leather, tkt lining-* either leather,
linen or pegamoii, the colors of the esses
olive, tan, chocolate or russet, prices
according to size and finish — pr re* $*.C 0
to $18.00
Imitation Al igator Hind Bags, w>ll
made 850 to >/./5
Russet Leather Cloth Lined Hani P>t»...
$1.25 to $3.25
Russet Leather, Leather L'ned Hand
Bags $1.73 to $2.90
Genuine Alligator Hind Bags ...
$3.00 to $12.00
The Calendars
for A.D. ,900.
Tee big store shows by far th« largest
and most beautiful collection ever
brought to California. o .r pr e*s ran,'*
from 8j to $5.00 each. We name a few
of the be>t known anl in-most-demand
Calendars for 190.), to show you how we
can save you money on this class of
poods.
Calendar of "Tn- Hunt," four famous
hunting sc?nes in French water ccbr.
list price $6.00, our pricj $5.00
The "Tennyson" Calendar, 12 urg- re-
production* in half-ton: for each
month, b.- W. St. John Hiper, list
price $2.50, our price $1.88
"Tie Heustis Calendar," 12 pen and ink
drawings by Loui-e Heuu s lixt price
$3.50, cur price.... $2.50
A Calendar of "Favorit9 Misters," 6 of
th> most favorite portrait* of tha
most famous misters, list price $2.5 ».
our price $1.75
craft, whether submerged or otherwise
by means of an ether wave, on the wire
less telegraphic principle The mmlel waj
subject to a variety of tent* and followed
the current wave as surely as If guided bj
a rudder. In addition to steering In
straight linea. various flgureii were da
ncribed. If further tests are successful II
la likely the f>y»t«»m will be adopted by th«
Admiralty. Its efTect in modern v trfart
is Inestimable, as It is asserted that th«
system may not only be applied to torpe.l<
and other craft, but may be attached t<
mine* and other destructive agencies, fir
ing them without visible means at th«
most vulnerable up. •
Wright Escapes Prosecution.
SAN RAFAEL. Dec. 2.-By order 01
Judge Angellottl the il-«m.iit- suit of W
iv . l'l* rt # M ? against Capitalist C. W
\\ right of Larkspur has been atrickei
from the calendar, to be restored on no
tlce w I'urtell*- sued Wright for $li).0i«)
which he demanded as balm for hti
wounde<l feelings on account of the all.
gation that tne Larkspur water magnati
had alienated the affections of his wife
May Purtelle. and debauched h»«r HKHlna.
her will. The suit was set for hearini
last Monday, but Purtelle and hU attor
ney» failed to apnear. It is believed thai
♦he suit has either been compromised 01
that Purtelle came to the conclusion thai
he could not recover dam.i.
CATARRH CAN BE CURED.
Catarrh la a kindred ailment of conaumptloa
long conitlilrrrd Incurable, and >»t there, la on«
remedy that will positively cure catarrh In an}
of Its atagea. For many years this remedy waj
used by the late Dr. Stevens, a widely note*
authority on all disease* of the throat aM
lunga. Having tested Ita wonderful curatlvi
powers In thousands of cases, and I-hi.-i:.* ti
relieve human Buffering. I .11 send free 01
charge to all sufferers from Catarrh. Asthma,
Consumption and Nervous Diseases, this r«-ip«
In German, French or English, with full dire©
tlons for preparing and using. Sent by mall hi
addressing, with stamp, naming this paper. W
A. M«f«, £0 Powers' Block. Kocncster. N. r.
56
SUNDAY DECEMBER 3, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
mniJCATIOX OFFICE:... Market and Third. S. F.
telephone Mail lMls.
IIIIITOII IA I, nOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Main 1874.
Delivered liy Carrier*. IS Testa Per Week.
Minnie Copies, 5 < enta.
Term* by Mull, Inclad Ing I'n^tnspi
DAILY « 1.1. , li.. In din "umln<i, one year. .90.00
I>AII,Y < \II < Including *uudav i. <; month*. . 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Pnnday). :i month*.. LM
HU!,V CALK — Hy Mntir Month «ir.e
M M>\Y CAM, One Year 1.80
\Vi:i:KL.Y CALL One Year I.IM)
All ponlraaatera are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested
lAllill OFFICE (MMi Broadway
C. <•! on 1. 1 KROGftRS*.
Slanacer Foreign Vdv.rll.lns. Marquette llnlld-
Ibi, « hlraajo.
sew yoiuv « oltH|.«l»OM>r\Ti
C. C CAULTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK |(l nil si:\T*TIVEI
II HIM LUKCNS JR •_•:• Tribune Ilntldlns
CIIICACO nswi STANDS I
Sherman Ilou*ct I*. O. .New* < o. : threat North
era Hoteli I'irmnni llnu-'i Auditorium Hotel.
UK YORK m \\ v STANDS I
Waldorf-A*torln Hotel: A. llrentnno, HI Union
*qaarei Murray HIM Hotel.
U'ASIIIXGTOX (D. C.» OFFICE.. \Vellln ton Hotel
J. 1.. 1.M.1 |o||. « orreapoadent.
lim.VCH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery afreet, cor
ner Clajr, open until Hz.iO oVtork. 300 Hayea
"treet. open until Ox.'lO o'clock. «L.HI» McAllister
• treet. open until «» : ;io o'clock. HIT, 1.i.r1.1n
»irt-ei. open until 'JilUt o'clock. If* 4l Mission
wtreet. open until XI o'clock. IT.MI Market
xtreet. corner Mitecnth, open nntll t» o'clock.
HKMI Valencia street, open nntll it o'clock.
KHJ l:ie\enth street, open nntll 1» o'clock.
>\V. corner Twcnty-wecnnd md Kentucky
«tr«-ef. open until » o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Orph^um— v.-.ii l*i i:>
Oniurabia— "Fh^nandcah.**
California— "An Enemy to th* Klnf."
Tlvoli— "Othello."
Grand Oj*ra Hcwi»<'— "nvanj^ltne."
Al^arar— "Faint* and Sinners."
Alliamtra— "Mr. naKW of J*arl«."
t'hutca. '/.oo and Th^at«r— \ .m J.rille every afternoon and
•
Olympla, crvrnrr Mns^n or . rills «trwt«— Fr^c!aHle».
Ccnlral Park— Str*pl«-hai'« > and Coney Inland,
raiiomma. Hattle of Manila Hay. Market BtXMt near
Elsrnth.
Hivr»>atlon Park— nanrttali to-«lay.
t'nion «"ouminK I*nrk— «?our»ln* to-day.
Shprman-Clay IlaJI — roncrt Tuesday • ■ -in*. r>«o*Tnb»r 5.
Grand <-»i>cra-Jlouhe— Concert Thursday afternoon. V^cenx-
W»Pt^m Tiirf A^sociatl'-m— Ttarpn to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
n>- A. TC. IxiudTbark— Monday, I»ff*mber, 4. at 2 and 8
p. in . Turkish Hues. *t 117 Sutt^r »r«-rt.
THE SflN JOSE CELEBRATION.
P Jose for the
l anniversary of the vt
liave
;res the
I the J The date of the
ear l
. ■ •
•'j San .1
■■:■•• ible in In i
I
The occasion is well worth celebrating. By a series
of fortunate circumstances the evolution of California
lias been made the most romantic feature of American
history. Almost even.' event in the progressive civil
ization of this State from its earliest settlement to its
admission to the Union has had about it that charm
of adventure, of fortune, of mystery or of strife
which renders it perennially interesting to mankind,
and particularly to its own people. All the circum
ftanccs of the stirring time from the raising of the
bear itag to the final settlement of the controversy in
Conprcss over the admission of the territory to the
rights of statehood are notable not only for them
selves but for the kind of men they brought to the
front. It is a drama full of character as well as of
incident, and whatever serves to recall the memory
of those times and those men is of value to the com
munity.
••■■'•■ tiont, and her people
I of the years when ftbe
' ' ' Wig her native MMU and
| -rers are many
Ibe the capital. Her
* ever been inclined to boast like Virgil
M mean town." They
a« well v a beautiful city, and
' r *'i be < • -i to render the cr
' I days a festival it will be worth
•ey to attend.
••ires of the event will be th;
c for another gathering of the
ground to do honor to men who
rp.des and colleagues and "pards" in
ling of the State. It is gratifying to learn
Ac purpose of attending the
"ing rmny pioneers arr coming from the Eatf
■nth their acquaintances of the old
• viO tend to stimulate a morr general
•\ho*r homes nrr within
and. accordingly, the gatherings of thrse
■en will be one of the chief fea
casion.
The programme arranged is a most excellent one
and combines both historic and spectacular features.
That the city will be beautifully rued and that its
homes will be hospitably open during the festival goes
without raying, for it is well known that in no place
in the State is there a completer epitome of all that is.
most lovely and most charming in Californian life
than in this same Garden City of the orchard county
of our Golden State.
of Stanford has de'med a new
re ]<■
D and
1 ribi and Eal in for the vim<* par
' ' ' •'' legitimate element
• ' '••■■• an frienc'
"'.iin. tlie British Colonial Secretary. !.
E bun to go into executive sewon with
there. International treaties are
MM made in after-dinner speeches.
P.rvan r 'lint he intends to spend the win
ter in converting NVw England to the silver standard.
- ■ --diet he will find a frost wherever
es and «ome of the coldest days in his history.
Ip to this titre over 7000 exhibitors from the
] State* have applied for space at the Paris Ex
•on. so it will be seen that nur show over there
vull I* one of the biggest on the grounds.
SOUND MONEY OPFOSED.
WHEN one is determined to create a reason
where no good one exists the task is easy.
Invention can always be substituted for fact,
and if others are misled thereby the purpose is ac
complished. The Chronicle is opposed to the sound
money measures which it is hoped this Congress will
speedily pass. It has seen in those measures a viola
tion of the Republican platform of 1896, and a new
departure in what is really a full return to a well
seasoned policy. The platform of 1896 promised an
effort to secure international bimetallism, whatever
that is. The experiment was tried in good faith by
the President. A commission of silver men. includ
ing Adlai Stevenson, former Vice President, and
Senator Wolcott of Colorado, was appointed and
made a comprehensive canvass of every European
Cabinet and discussed the question with the finance
Ministers of all the European Governments which
might usefully co-operate. None was found friendly
to the proposition nor tolerant of another coinage and
ratio congress after the failure of all that had been
held. There being no prospect of any international
action, should the Republican party ignore the pos
session of a majority in Congress, elected specifically
upon pledges in the several States to enact pending
legislation, or should it go ahead in line with the
victor)' it won on sound money in 1806?
If it refuse to use its present majority to redeem
the pledges which secured it. what will it do next
year? Will it project international bimetallism into
the next campaign or redeem its promise of pound
money by making another and raising against itself
an issue of frivolity and bad faith?
The Chronicle is void of advice as to what should
be d.'Tie next year if this legislation fail. It. like the
very few party papers which stand with it, does not
make any promise t<> support a perfectly sound money
plank in the next platform. They will all probably
r advocating a plank to the effect that a pro-
Ettled the money question, and that
-ue is eliminated from the campaign.
Aj the Chronicle denies the need of financial re
form its policy is to accuse the reformers of creating
a necessity. To this end it sayi that the recent re
demption t : SiS.non.ooo of bonds by the treasury to
pot money in circulation and relieve financial strin
gency i* a plot <>f the sound money men. intended to
manufacture the appearance of a ncce-<ity fur estab*
lishi: . • Lttdard This is a harmful accusa
tion against the Secretary of the Treasury and the
President himself, ni;ce the Secretary -.vould not i<
sunie to redeem or to is*ue bonds under any ex
law without the approval of the President.
Hut is it true that such redemption of bonds can
have any nation whatever to "the endless chain" or
to any financial legislation to better existing condi-
Ibviously it is not. Our statutes of finance,
complex and vexatious, bear no relation to the re
demption of bonds at all. They afflict the treasury
not through its bonded obligations, but by means of
the Boating debt, i:i greenbacks proximately and
other ncy mediately, for the redemption
of which the treasury is obligated. If any one had
want i plot, such as the Chronicle charges.
old have been in the form of presenting $18,000.
000 in greenba -rdemption, which under ex
law would have to be reigned, and not in re
•ng that amount in bonds which are imme
diately and finally canceled and forever paid.
Such presentation of greenbacks would have set the
endless chain in motion to drain the treasury oi gold
lit the cancellation of a dollar of the public debt.
The Secntnry of the Treasury has simply paid for
the people that much of the interest-bearing public
; nd has saved them the interest thereon. Had
he redeemed greenbacks for immediate reissue he
would have pail no debt and saved no inter* I
More than this, he would have probably entered upon
a process which would have reduced the gold reserve
to a point at which the sale of more bonds would
have been required to replenish it. as was contem
plated by the Harrison administration and was twice
eveland to maintain the sol
vency of the treasury and uphold the national credit.
That the Chronicle should make such a charge or
imply or insinuate it is evidence of the length to
which the unsound money faction in the party is
willing to go to prevent the reforms which it has
: ised.
The i>r ■ for that faction is with Rrym
and Hogg.
c more there baa bren I accident on the
orn Pacific lines and once more the managers
of th«- road hold up their hands and swear they can
not learn how it happened but are sure there is no
body to blame except the public.
DIPLOMATIC RESERVE.
TH F. opinion is rapidly growing in this country
that llmbassador Choatc may usefully practice
more diplomatic reserve. The American lega
tion in London i? not maintained as a gushery, anj
after-dinner speeches need not be used as an occasion
for discussion fp f grave international problems which
-m the peace of the world. Much is said about
Britisli sympathy and support for us in the Spanish
war. Our people take it for granted that we had
both, and it has passed into the fixed convictions of
the American nnrid that Rngland kept Continental
Europe off our backs during that brief struggle. But
none can recall any public expression to that effect
uttered by Sir Julian Patmcefote. the British Emhai
at Washington. lie may have had all the sym
pathy of a cousin or a brother-in-law, or other things
in-hnv, but lie kept it to himself. It is true that the
two South African republics are not known diplo
matically to the other nations, including our own, and
it is also true that among the great monarchies of
pc there is but little sympathy with the repub
lics, while there may be much hatred of Great
Britain. In this country there is not that general
•ion of hatred Of England, but Americans sym
pathy with the republics and devoutly hope for their
• :y.
Therefore it is an excess of politeness and a stir
plni «if COOStnhood in Mr. Choate to say that while
<tir Government i* neutral our people are not, and
that American women especially cannot be restrained
in their expression of inpport of England.
Mr. St. John Gaffney. in the Albany (X. V.) Time?,
• tl II it the recent pro-Boer meeting in
New York City a dozen Governors of States ami
•iver a hundred members of Congress telegraphed
their sympathy with the Boers, and he very pointedly
challenges the New York Tribune, which is pro-
British, to call a meeting in New York to express
sympathy with Great Britain and test the condition of
American sentiment.
The agents of American expression, diplomatic and
alistic. owe it to their country no less than *.o
Great Britain to tell the truth about American senti
ment. They have no right to deceive that empirp
about the sentiment of this republic. Already British
statesmen, relying on what Mr. Choate says and the
Tribune and other American papers publish, are
talking about a concert of England, Germany and the
United States, a new tripartite alliance which is to be
TIIE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1899.
stride the world like a three-legged Colossus. Now
there is not in this country any public sentiment to
support such an extravagant expectation.
We have done very well without any European al
liances, and we believe it to be the sincere purpose of
our people to continue without any such entangle
ment.
The royal families of England and Germany are
blood kin, and may foregather as seems meet for their
dynamic purposes, but we will not lightly abandon
our position as a republic, which is a free agent and
keeps a free hand as to all the rest of the world. If
we are pursuing some outside purpose which would
make such alliance necessary we would better aban
don ft than seek to tie our hands in order to accom
plish it.
THE CAMPAIGN FOR PROGRESS.
y~y ETWEEN now and the dates when the special
\\ elections of next month are to be held a cam
— paign of education on behalf of progress will be
carried on in San Francisco. It will require two-thirds
of the persons voting to carry the proposed measures.
That is a heavy handicap in favor of silurianism, but
it need not depress the ardor of citizens of public
spirit. On the contrary it should rouse them to
earnest action and induce every one of them to give
some portion of his time and his energies toward
assisting in the campaign and helping to form a reso
lute popular sentiment in favor of the proposed im
provements.
It is very well known that when no definite meas
ure of improvement is before the people as a matter
of practical politics, everybody is in favor of progress,
but as soon as some particular plan is brought for
ward there is a swift revulsion of feeling on the part
of the non-progressive or fault-finding classes, and
they begin at once to assail the plan. It is the old
story that mankind is divided into two classes, one
cf which goes ahead and does something and the
«.iher «its around and complains because it was not
in some other way. It is in San Francisco as
in other localities. Many a man who professes loudly
his desire for municipal progress will oppose the im
provements now suggested either because he does not
like some detrul of the plan, or because he would
like to see some other improvement made first.
The opposition that will come from that class of
people is rot to be despised. They will go to the
■•••nving their devotion to progress and then vote
against taking any step toward it. If more than one
tl;ird of the voters who cast their ballots at the elec
tion I pc of that disposition the measures will be de
feated. The duty of progressive citizens is therefore
clmr. They must work diligently from now until the
clmsc of the elections to awaken the interest of their
friends and acquaintances in the issue and confirm
them in a resolve to vote and to vote right when the
time comes.
In a campaign of this kind it is not required that
any man should give much of his time to the work.
It will be sufficient if he make it a point to bring the
subject up in the course of conversation at the
clubs, on the streets and wherever men meet and have
rtunitiea f<>r di*cu=sing public affairs. Personal
influence is much greater than most men suppose. As
a rule the ma«s of rren are more or less indifferent to
issues which do not concern their personal fortunes.
Therefore any man who has a decided conviction on
a subject of public rather than private interest, who
talks of it in a persuasive and persistent way, never
f;iils to bring over to his view of the question a con
siderable number of those who were without definite
opinions about it. The men who exert their in
fluence in that way become strong factors in the com
munity and are of value to it. By such men the cam
paign of education should be made in this instance.
If every staunch friend of progress in San Francisco
will do his «hare the necessary two-thirds vote will
be given for the improvements proposed at each )(
the two elections and the city will begin the new era
by work which will go far to assure the bright fu
ture that all expect.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that efforts more strenuous than ever are to be
made this winter to obtain from Congress
some action in regard to providing suitable accom
modations for the President. The White House was
ample for the needs of the chief executive in the days
when it was erected, but with the growth of the re
public the clerical force attached to the Presidential
- has increased, the number and extent of state
entertainments have augmented, and in other ways
a need has arisen ior more room than the old man
sion affords.
By way of forming popular sentiment on the sub
ject and rousing Congress to action some doleful
tales are told of the condition of the structure and
the dangen which threaten when large crowds are
assembled there. According to these stories the old
timbers were evidently not laid with a view to inch
a Mrain, and bends and breaks have occurred from
time to time till certain parts of the interior of the
building are relics of ingenious patchwork. The
main staircase gave way in President Arthur's time,
and had to be tied into place with chains, which tra
dition says are still doing duty, hidden in a partition.
A beam under one of the doorways through which
hundreds of persons sometimes pass in a day crackel
several years ago and had to be reinforced with metnt
plates and bolts. It is said an enterprising mechanic,
who attached the cold-air box to the present heating
apparatus, finding one of the masonry arches in the
cellar in his way, cut through it to save a deflection,
thus making it necessary to put in a less satisfactory
support after his trick had been discovered. It is,
moreover, asserted to be an open secret in Washing
ton that the floors of the parlors and state corridors
always have to be sustained by rows of temporary
wooden piers when the President holds his receptions.
That some improvement is needed all parties are
agreed, but there are wide differences of opinion as to
what form the improvement should take. One party
advocates the enlargement of the present structure by
the addition of another range of buildings of equal
length fronting the present one and connected with it
by pavilions so as to inclose a cottft; another set pro
poses the addition of spacious wingl extending to the
right and the left of the building, one to serve as the
private apartments of the President and hisl family
the other for grand state balls and banquets, while the
old building is reserved for the executive offices; but
a third party urges the erection of a new mansion on
a new site in the residence part of the city.
These differences of opinion have long been among
the causes for delay in making the required improve
ment. They may have that effect again, but for once
the Washington people seem inclined to settle upon
one of the three plans and urge it with united force.
Of the three it is likely that which advocates a man
sion on a new site will be chosen, as it has the ad
vantage of affording a chance to improve real estate
values in a new locality as well as of adding another
stately edifice to the many which now make Washing
ton from an architectural point of view one of the
most splendid capitals in the world.
WHITE MOUSE PLANS.
MUST TAKE CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINATIONS.
Henry N. Clemen', Replying to George D. Squires, Says the Law Clearly Provides for Temporary Appoint
ments, but Examinations Will Be Necessary if Appointees Want to Keep Their Places.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for the
oplrlons published In this column, but pre
sents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of general Interest.
Editor The Call: In a recent Issue of
ynur paper there was a communication
from George D. Squires, a lawyer of this
city. In which Mr. Squires sought to dem
onstrate to the general public the legal
proposition that the civil service law In
the charter would prove to be inoperative
as to the deputies, clerks and employes
first appointed by the heads of depart
ments and officers to take office under the
charter January S, 1900. Either purposely
or unwittingly Mr. Squires failed to make
mention, in his communication, of the
\ery clause of the civil service law which
avowedly makes the law operative and
applicable to the first appointees. The
omission seemed to me bo flagrunt and
inexcusable that I replied to Mr. Squires'
communication, not for the purpose of cn
terlng into a newspaper controversy with
him upon a question of law (for such con
troversies are always barren of practical
results), but solely for the purpo.se of
culling attention to the conspicuous ab
sence of any mention by him of the par
ticular section of the civil service law
which provides for the temporary ap
pointment by the new city and county of
'■■■ ■ rs of deputies, clerks and employes to
act until such time as regular appoint
ment* can be made under the civil service
act.
Instead of gratefully accepting and wel
coming my correction of his really lnex
j disable omission. In the cause of truth,
b« proceeded (.as all newspaper controver
sialists do) to resent my kindly intended
correction as an "interference," to refer
to me cuniewhat Irrelevantly as a "candi
date" for Civil Service Commissioner "at
the hands of Mayor Pnelan" (which I am
not), ami to what he ambiguously t.-r m -.
"uncover" me as "the author of the civil
service 'botch." (Whatever odium may
be attached to this last charge will be en
dured with becoming fortitude.)
1 had not thought of replying at all to
Mr. Squires, for I have not time to write
law briefs for publication; but during the
past week 1 have had many requests from
prominent chizens and from two county
oflicers-elect asking me to set forth fully
and clearly my views of the civil service
law as to its applicability to the new ap
pointees; and 1 will therefore, with your
permission, reply to Mr. Squires' conimu
nicatlon on that subject.
Mr. Squires claims In his communica
tion that the clause of section li) ot the
civil service article quoted in my brief
letter to The Call '"has no application
whatever to the case," and asks why 1 i\u
ii>>t "proceed to elaborate a. theory of
construction by which the civil service
provisions of the charter can be made to
apply tM appointments conferred by the
beads of the city government on Janu
ary s."
New to "elaborate a theory of con
struction' implies a precedent obscurity
and presupposes an ambiguity. If the
language of a law is plain we are not
called upon to invoke the rules of con
struction in order to know what it means.
It is not for me or for those whose
duty It shall be to enforce the civil serv
ice law, but It will be for Mr. Squires
on behalf of bis clients, "the push," to
"elaborate a theory of construction"
which will enable THEM to overthrow
and defeat the object and purpose of the
law.
One of the fundamental rules of con
struction is that If there arises a doubt
as to the meaning of a law it must be
read ami construed as a whole so as to
accomplish, if possible, the legislative
purpose and Intent in Its adoption.
Applying this fundamental rule of con
struction to the civil service law we timl
In every provision and In all parts of It
the Intention plainly expressed that ail
the deputies, clerks and employes of the
city and county government shall be sub
ject to civil service examinations, and
that those first temporarily selected will
retain their positions only until such time
as appointments can be made under the
civil service rules.
In the first place, section 36. article XVI
of the charter provides that the M .>■ r
shall, between December 1. IV.*.'. and Janu
ary 1, 1900, appoint the commissioners.
The commissioners, when appointed, will
have full authority to enforce and carry
out the provisions of the civil service act
at the hour ol noon on January \ i>»>.
Simultaneously with the civil service com
missioners going into office all the Other
heads of departments and officers will go
AROUND THE
CORREDORS
Charles King, a wealthy cattleman of
Hanford. Is a guest at the Lit k.
I>r. and Mr«. H. C UUton are among
tli*» late arrivals at the Occidental.
Robert Wilcox. a wealthy 6ugar planter
of Honolulu, Is a guest at the Lick.
n. Guggenheim, a wealthy merchant of
Yokohuma. is a guest at the Palace.
C. Busjager, a traveler from P.remen. I*
among the arrivals of last night at the
Palace.
li.ivid Starr Jordan came up *rom Stan
ford yesterday and is staying at the Oc
cidental.
George Berg, a fortunate oil speculator
of Panoche. la registered for a short stay
at the Lick.
A. F. Sargeaunt. a prominent randier
of San Diego is among the late arrivals
at the Lick.
ft M. McMurchy. the famous wingshot.
Is reßist-T'-ii at the Grand from his home
in Syracuse, N. Y.
Mr. «nd Mr«. EL Roberts, two proml
ni n» society people of San Jose, are regis
tered at the California.
J. B. Llppincott of the United St*tea
Geological Survey Is among the arrivals
of yesterday at the Palace.
\V. EL Bradley, a wealthy merchant of
Singapore. Is a guest at the Palace. He
arrived yesterday on the Coptic from the
Orient.
Ferris Hartman arrived in the city yes
terday from New York. He will ngaln
play at the Tivoll after an absence of
over two years.
R Prianlshlnkow and J. Edelstem, iwo
travelers from Russia, are at the J'al
ace. They arrived In the city yestertlay
on the Coptic from Japan.
Mr. and Mrs. Pugh of England are at
the Palace, accompanied by their dauijn
ten>. They are on a pleasure and sight
seeing tour of the United States.
Attorney General W, <>. Smith of Hon
olulu Is a guest at the Occidental, where
he arrived yesterday from his Island
home. He is en route to Washington.
C. W. Clifton, a merchant of Formosa,
la registered at the Palace. Ho arrived In
tbp city yesterday on the. Coptic and is
on his way East on an extended business
trip.
11. K. Huntlngton left Friday evening
for Log Angeles and Mexico. He BJUSfI
on a tour r f Investigation over the differ
ent lines and prupertks owned by the
Southern Pacific Company.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint have come
up from their home in San Juan and are
registered at the Palace for a visit.
Herbert A. Kldder has come down from
Sacramento and is staying at the Cali
fornia.
Leigh Hunt of Now York, who has been
investigating Korean mining pfpertl—
In which he is heavily interested, was
one Of those who arrived in the city yes
terday on the Coptic, and l» registered
at the Palace.
Car Won C. Crane. Pacific Coast passen
ger agent of the New York CVntral lines,
returned yesterday morning from Mm;te
r.-y in the private car Mlahawaki. which
has been secured by a distinguished party
of Eastern tourists. The car proceeded to
Eastern points attached to last evening's
overland train.
Mrs. "William Haywood. wife of th#
: Consul General of Honolulu, was one of
jlbo&e who arrived on the Coptic yester
into office at the same hour.
Section 10 of the civil service law au
thorizes the heads of departments and
officers, with the approval of the civil
service commissioners, to make immedi
ate temporary appointments as follows:
"TO PREVENT THE STOPPAGE OF
PUBLIC BUSINESS or to meet extraor
dinary exigencies the head of any depart
ment or office may. WITH THE AP
PROVAL OF THE COMMISSIONERS,
make TEMPORARY appointments, to re
main in force not exceeding sixty days,
and ONLY until REGULAR appoint
ments. UNDER THE PROVISIONS OF
THIS ARTICLE CAN BE MADE."
What language could be plainer than
this? To what state of facts does it ap
ply? Obviously to the change from the
old system to the new.
The words: "To prevent the stoppage
of public business" simply mean that dur
ing the transition period from the old to
the new system of choosing clerks, depu
ties and employes, the heads of depart
ments or officers, "may, with the ap
proval of the commissioners," make
"temporary appointments'* until "regular
appointments" under the provisions of the
civil service act "can be made." This Is
the plain and obvious meaning and appli
cation of the language of the law Itself.
No "construction" is necessary.
Again, the language is: "To prevent
the stoppage of public business. OR TO
MEET EXTRAORDINARY EMER
GENCIES, the head of any department
or officer may, etc." The law not only
provides that the public business shall
not be PREVENTED or STOPPED when
the new charter goes Into effect, but It
further provides tho same method to
MEET ANY FUTURE EMERGENCY
that may ARISE. The Civil Service
Commissioners are not only clothed with
authority to PREVENT ANY STOP
PAGE of BUSINESS in the first yltce
when the charter goes Into effect but
also at any time thereafter TO MEET
any EXTRAORDINARY EMERGENCY
they may "authorize temporary appoint
ments."
Then again section 11 of the civil service
law provides as follows:
"All officers, courts, boards and neads
of departments vested in this chnrter
with the power to appoint deputies,
clerks, stenographers or employes in any
of the offices or departments of the city
and county mentioned in this section
shall make such appointments IN CON
FORMITY WITH THE RULES *Nl>
PROVISIONS PRESCRIBED BY THIS
.ARTICLE. AND ANY APPOINTMENT
NOT SO MADE SHALL BE VOID
Here the language Is equally plain nml
free from ambiguity. It requires that all
appointments shall be made "In con
formity with the rules and provisions pre
scribed by this article." What are "the
rules and provisions prescribed by this
article?" Is not section 10 above quoted
a part of "this article?" Under the pro
visions of section 10 all heads of depart
ments and officers may with the approval
of the Commissioners "make temporary
appointments • • • until regular ap
pointments under the provisions of this
article can be made." If the hea«ls of
departments and officers should assume
to make PERMANENT instead of TEM
PORARY appointments what would be
the consequence? Section 11 answers the
question, It says: "ANY APPOINT
MENTS NOT SO MADE SHALL BE
VOID."
Here. then, are two provisions of the
law. both entirely free from ambiguity,
setting forth as plainly as human lan
guage can spe.tk the intention of the law
makers that the provisions of the rivll
service law shall take effect and >•••
tlve Instantly upon the charter itself tak
ing effect. Under such circumstance* I
decline to "elaborate a theory of coi
tion." I will leave the laborious, not to
say Impossible, task to Mr. Squires, sur
mising that he will have similar success
to that of the counsel f,,t the other mem
berß of "the push" who recently sought
before the Supreme c<mrt to negative the
plain provisions of section V_,. article
XI, of the constitution by "an elnbort re
theory of the construction." with the re
sult that a distinguished member of the
bench. Justice McFarland, disposed of it
by simply referring to the section itself
ns a sufficient answer to all the learned
arguments.
NOW, notwithstanding the forejjolnr
provisions to which I have called atten
tion. Mr. Squires makes the strnng ■ pro
position that because the Civu
vice Commissioners first appointed will
have to "ciassifv" the places of employ
ment, make rules for examinations of
appllcan's nnd hold examinations under
them preliminary to the selection
plicants tor appointments, as req.ilrM
in sections 2. 3 and 4 of the act.
which will necessarily take from t
six weeks to accomplish, that therefore
day and went to th- Occidental. Mrs.
Haywood Is accompanied \<y her two chil
dren and is OB li'-r way b:irk to her him*h im*
in Washington. I>. C, Wbtn sl.e v/ill
make a short visit.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK*. Dec. 2.-Thomas E. Wing
of San Francisco is at the Empire. C N.
Baal of San Franetoea is at tha Holland.
E. H. Morgaa of i-os aagalai is at the
Manhattan Mr«. Cli.trl.s M. Keency and
MIM limes P. Kaenty, Of Han Francisco.
are at the N»th» rlund.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE < 'AMI NET- E.. Martinez.
Than has been a change In the »'abin<*t
of President McKlnley In the past six
months. Elihu Root succeeded Russell A.
Alger as Secretary of War last July.
TEA Cri.TIKK S. A. M.. City. Th«
article on tea culture published In the
Sunday "«|«^"« of The Call a f*w weeks
apo gives the name of Pine Hurst as the
locality. It Is In the State ,A Booth I'.r.i
lina. In the vicinity of the Ashley River.
TWO CHIMNEYS- U 1... City. The
chimney of the Market Street Railway
Company at the junction of Market and
Valencia streets is 175 feet In height, while
the height of the chimney at the Sanitary
Reduction Works on the Potrero Is 2C7
feet.
AUDITOR OF THE NAVT-W. W.
New New
Store. Goods.
We respectfully invite the public to ex-
amine our magnificent stock of
BLACK SEROE. 40 iruh-s. IT.Ie yard.
BLA<'K AMD BLOT ALL-WOOL SHROES, 4« Inches, value for
will be offered at i»Ocv
BLACK AND liU'E ALL-WOOL CHEVIOTS, extra heavy, 62
inches. 7 Tic par >:ir«l.
B-INCH EBBELINB PLAID, 86« a yard.
4S-JNCH ALL-WOOL PLAID at #1.
68-INCH ALL-WOOL PLAID, extra quality, at 91. 80.
Our entire stock of GOLF CAPES will be closed out at re-
duced prices.
J. O'BRIEN & CO,
1146 Market Street,
BET. TAYLOR AND MASON.
all the deputies, clerks and employes first
appointed will be exempt from examina
tion and may hold on to their place* la
spite of the civil service law.
lie reaches this conclusion by slmp!r
ignoring section 10 of the civil service
law, which I have Quoted, or which '•
the same thing, saying that "It do*s not
apply." Let us Quote section ID arfalii.
It Is as follows:
"To prevent the stoppage of pablto
business or to meet extraordinary emer
gencies he head of any depai.ment or
office may. with the approval of the com
missioners, make temporary appoint
ments, to lemaln In force not exceeding
sixty days and only until regular ap
pointments under the provision of thU
article can be made."
Mr. Squires suggests that section 13 re
fers to the "classified" service provided
by the charter; that the Commissioners
are given authority over no other ser
vice than the "classified" service: that
the Commissioners can grant permission
to the heads of departments and ottlcer*
to appoint temporary clerks, deputies and
employes without examination only In
the "classified" service: and he argues
that, inasmuch as the service Is not and
cannot be "classified" on January &. I'jOO.
the first day the Commissioners take their
seats, therefore they will have no au
thority to grant their approval to the
bends of departments and officers to
make temporary appointments
From what source does Mr. Squire*)
learn that the Commissioners shall ha •»
no power or authority to grant their ap
proval to the making of temporary ap
pointments by the heads of department*
and officers until after they snail have
"classified" the service? Doe* section ii
say anything of the kind? Is anything of
the kind said In any other part of the
act? On the contrary, does the act not,
by its very terms, provide for the emer
gency which will surely arise at ilia
coming >nto being of the new city gowrn
ment; when no "classification" of tho
service will exist or can possibly exist;
when it will be necessary that some ar
rangement shall be made for temporary
appointments (pending classification and
examinations under the. civil service rule)
"to prevent the stoppage of the public
business.' It was for just this emer
gency that section 10 was incorporated
Into the civil service act. It provides ;n
terms for action before the "classifica
tion" can be accomplished, and provides
that the "temporary" appointments shnll
cease the \ery moment "renular" ap
pointments are made under the act.
•Mr. Squire* Innocently- asks. "How can
the commission grant permission in caso
of emergency to make temporary appoint
ments to any other than the classified
service?" To which i reply: They do so
by virtue of th- authority expressly con
ferred upon th» m by section 10 of the act.
In which there Is nothing said about
"classification." The very object and pur
pose of section M was to provide fcr tho
emergency of there being no classification
and "to prevent the stoppage of publlo
business" by disregarding it until classi
fication and "regular " appointments
thereunder could be made. It would b« a
waste of time and insult to our Intelli
gence to "elaborate" the point any fur
ther.
If the heads of departments or officer*
shall attempt to evade the civil service
law by refusing TO REMOVE the clerks,
deputies and employes whom they are re
quired to appoint temporarily on January
ft, 1900, at the expiration of sixty day* to
make way for the regular appointees un
der the civil service law they will bo
guilty of a flagrant violation of law, and
any officer who attempts to evade the
plain provisions of the law will not only
receive the merited opprobrium and con
tempt of every goo«: citizen of this city
but will also be proceeded against accord-
Ing to law. Section 3) of the civil service
law gives full power to the Commissioners
to institute and prosecute legal proceed
ings .'or any violation of the provision of
the law.
The politicians and spoilsmen who may
succeed In getting "temporary" appoint
ments for "a period not exceeding sixty
days" after January S, 1900, will not by
that means secure any lien OB so-called
political Jobs. The civil service law doe*
not recognize them as political positions.
Those who may receive temporary ap
pointments will have no more right to re
main at the dose of their temporary ap
pointment than any one else. Jf they want
to keep their places they must take civil
service examinations precisely as other
people do that have no "pull."
Mr. Squires evidently questions the va
lidity of that part of the civil service law
which provides for non-removal of faith
ful appointees during good behavior.
When that question is raised It will be
time to meet It. Respectfully.
„_ HENRY N. CLEMENT.
San Francisco, Dec. 1.
"Wadsworth. N'ev. The auditor of th«
United States Navy Department at Wash
ington. D. C., Is not a naval officer. lie
Is appointed by the President and con
firmed by the Senate.
SOUTH SAX FRAXCISCO— J. I*. Va
ll**Jo, Cal. That portion of San Francisco
City and County south of the line of Islals
Creek to the county line of San Mateo Is
generally known as South San Francisco.
In San Mateo County there Is a section
known as Baden, which has the. postoßlce
name of South San Francisco.
A CITIZEN S RIGHT-J. T. R.. City.
A citizen has the right to make an ar
rest for a crime committed In his pres
ence or to make an arrest If he has rea
son to believe that a felony ha» been
committed. Further. It makes no differ
ence if the offender he an officer In full
uniform and on his beat. The fact that
a man sworn as an officer while in uni
form and on duty should rob a man would
not protect him from arrest by a citizen
The contention of your friend that the.
uniform would, under such circumstances
prevent a citizen from exercising his duty*
Is fallacious. A policeman who commits
a crime Is no more entitled to protection
than any other criminal.
■ m ■
Gulllet's best lc« er»am and sorb*!. M 6 Larktn •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ « .1
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IOC •» "* IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION. J
• UHBj^^ CONTINUATION OF OUR GREAT <
I REBUILDING SALE ]
3 <=^_^^^^^sS** That proved such a pronounced success last month, with many added <
9 Th« P.!* Thra-Acre Store now near- 3ttractions and P rice reductions, that should bring us the biggest holiday j
9 *• ccmpfetlPn. business of any hous; in the city. !
9 '
[Attractive Lace Curtains.
X . ■ ; .r.plrgs and Upholstery 1" - - of the-
| .t-s more
I n^aut'.ful lit ,i- sale.
I *KE>i:h FiSII NET CURTAINS-Ex-
ft elusive ttyllsh patterns that Cl 1C
» lonk rijrht. wear right and aro 1 .13
» iiKht-$l 75 kind-pair WlilU
k NOTTINGHAM CURTAINP-A few hun-
f rtrrd ralr bought chenji that 52.60
I nre fine quality— ln fart. Jk/.hll
? a Jot of J.tr.o curtains-pair.... vtIWU
J REAL imrSSELS CURTAINS-Full.
j r< gular goods in every par- DO nr
9 tlcular-very desirable —$4 00 \A /[)
9 values— pair VUifcU
! RE^L RENAISSANCE AND POINT
I APPLIQUE CURTAINS-To see these
t gcods Je to admire them, for CD flfl
f they are «-legant parlor cur- 56.00
| talr.s-usus.lly SSOCV-palr VUiUU
* P S I . ? ?T. -PALAIS AND RRUBSELS CUR-
3 TAlNt»— Profusely worked— l 2 to 14 in.
| wide borders and fine nets— ClO Cfl
j you would tUc« them if $17 W-^|Z,ou
k COUCH COVERS-Beautlful. reversible
Z Tapwtrtes— fringed all arour.d CO Cfl
J -tf >n U need cne. don't r.ilss Od.OU
» them-|3 and J6 klnd-for. each * U|UU
. ROPE PORTIERES-Some decidedly ele-
gant and entirely r.ew ideas— CD flfl
9 F.vrc exclusively— each :i r":56.00
I '"cc" cc Furniture Prices.
/Ty£V J\. *^ n * National Furniture ■ ~~s£r
r ,y«» > ; ,\_ /s^\. Association tacks on 10 per __— - i.. ■■■ ~^.__
? 7"^' ' ' "~? A-^\V cnt-the Big Store In the '^?
9 — t— — — \Ji \v Mission sells at the old I) M~ ~TT ( *=?>
- « rrlces ' H-'l -J
ft I TTT? sc T^r ' rr^^r^ 1 CURVED END GOLDEN | ' ~ {
a HS !' f y *■- ■-*»* OAK CHINA CLOSETS ! !
" »'I "*J —"; — ■ finely finished— fl»/*i AA -_  , , I , I
9 i-i».. >h '••-^7". f almost six feet .>/[ ( I i I Tl
a inrn : vu>-.-j inch, at tp-i-uv ;
i '« «. <1r -l, . 1 PEN QUARTER! I^— i — -f J ■
ft fi -^,_LJ tt — _ %. < f- GOLDEN QI'ARTERED r 4^ =-=st=d U .
9 ! tt? i-1p> r vr'T OAK or MAHOGANY i
* ■» TiliS? -'"«*• CENTER TA- Ci ''ft ! t* i
2fc jH=*~~-i BLES-24 In. $\\ t 5U <U, - 'I . JJ
: . :#sP^g Fquare '
9 ' ■*' Mi-zi -- Ti 3-ft. GOLDEN OAK ROLL «3 £— — -Lr=rj LJ 1 .
J f=3=ife^ DE > B .^ $14.00
1
*30 STYLES OF COMBINATION /Sfcv
» BOOK CASES-in golden oak or ,-?£*?§§?**_ .
> :: ' * " :; mahogany- ip|- aa t■< -''•VaV'*;^.'; '^''W-
Cll ZA COUCH SALE, conslst.ng \k/jr^^f&»^^ttttSr
. 3k I '.311 -*- - - ---!_>-—- — "^TT
'* IP A HTTOSITIR W^ Cor. Sixteenth and Mission Sts.,S. F. !
} A ill 1 vJllJll O. Branch — Theater Building, San Jose. •
I - -rt Mann's Books.
STOCKTON. D*?c. 2.— John Perron Jr..
ea expert of this rity. has boon employed
!>y th«« M.i: County Supervisors to go
ovrr that county* book?. The board sent
• ninn
I
ADVERTISEMENT*.
"The Supreme Novelist of the On.
lurv . . . in his splendid
solitude."
BALZAC
Absolutely the ONLY complete translation
IN THE WORLD.
M. W. Hazeltlne in the New York Sun
"ADMIRABLY PRINTED AND IL-
LUSTRATED. BARHIE & SONS Edi-
t'rn Is NEITHER ABRIDGED NOR EX-
PURGATED, and si the only ENGLISH
VERSION which may claim to present
EVERYTHING contained in the EDI-
TION DEFINITIVE brought out in
Paris.
THE ONLY COMPLETE EDITION.
"A Gentleman In Tacoma writes to
Inquire whether there Is any English
translation of Balzac that is complete
and unexpurgated. We reply that
there Is only one such translation, and
that Is published by Messrs, George
Uarrie & Son. of Philadelphia."
—The Bookman. Oct. 1593.
•There Is only one way to understand
Palzac. and that 1* to read his works and
t*» read ••m consecutively. • • • He
h!xnself Indicated this when he arranged
h!» Edition Definitive.'"— Philadelphia In-
quirer.
Th» BARRIE editions of Balzac are ad-
mittedly the BEST examples of book-
making Issued, and have NO EQUAL In
the world.
The TEXT is printed on paper of super-
fine quality from type made especially for
these editions.
Etching*, prints on Japan pap*r by
rArvnn. Los nios. oudart. T.E SEVER.
JEAXNIN. DEBLOIS. NAROtOT.
UONGIN*. GAUJEAN.
DECISY. Eto.
After drawing* by
ADTrnN-MOREAU. TOUDOUZB. CORTAZZO.
ROD AUDI. •.>•■>! KMER.
cajn. CUSSIERE. Eto.
Th* piate«. prepared especially for th****
editions by the best French water-color
painters he most capable of Illustrating
Balzac), are unequal^, they are printed
on Japan paper of best quality In the
highest style of art. and -»re liberally dis-
tributed through the pages.
Full information, specimen page*. etch-
Ings, prices, etc . will be promptly fur-
nithed by the publishers.
GEORGE BARRIE & SON.
1213 Walnut street. Philadelphia.
WINTER RESORTS.
PASO ROBLES
HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
The greatest of health reports. Cure* all 111*
when others rail. Intending v!»lt:,ni may pro-
cure «recl«l round-trip ticket*, entitling them to
r» Ut* of i. 10. For particular* apply to
r TV ELY. City Agent,
CM Market St.. Baa FrascUoo. J
MISCELLANEOUS.
TAPESTRIES AND DAM ASKS— Orien-
tal, English verdure — floral CI f\f\
and -metrical designs —In oI.UU
$2 qualities— all. yard vnww
TAPESTRIES. PORTIERES-In th« face
of advances in the.«e goods we offer a
handsome reversible brocaded CO no
heavily fringed J4 quality In JS/.IJU
the rew fall colors— pair
ART DENIMS - Figured —Be Ofift
values-yard ZUU
RUFFLED MUSLIN — Sash f)(\ n
goods— worth yard ZUU '
FISH NETS— a inches wide— the j
French combination weaves— OCn
sold in town for 35c yard.... ZOU
OIL OPAQUE SHADES— Note the qual-
ity— (oil opaque)— 3x7 ft. eize— CO** I
all colors— goods— each DUG
BRASS BASH RODS — With r _
combination brackets —44 la. HP
long— each wu
TAPESTRY SQUARES-In pat- |r A
terns for chair seats and pll- I Ml.
lows— 2sc .values— each lUV
STEER ON THE TRACK
WRECKS A TRAIN
Three Men Lose Their Lives in a
Disaster on the Montana
Central.
BAT FAL.LJS, Mont.. Dec, 2.— A
freight train coming In on the Nle
hnrt branch of the Montana Central
Railway rounded a sharp curve one rr.ile
from this city this evening and struck a
Mef-r. causing a terrible pile-up of the en
gine and twelve cars. I* A. Daniels, en
gineer; Patrick J. Riley. fireman, and
Harry A. Ivdmiston. h*-ad brakfman, v. -r f
crushed to death beneath the cab and the
wrecked carß within live feet of each
other.
Daniels leaves a family. Riley was mar
ried two months ago in Canada and his
wife was expected to arrive to-nlßnt.
K«lm.- was to have been married In
three or four days to a young lady from
Pueblo, Colo.
♦
SUBMARINE BOAT
BEGINS A CANAL TRIP
Will Make a Journey Through Canal
and River From New Bruns
wick to Washington.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— For the first time
the Holland submarine boat began a canal
trip this evening at 6 o"clock. when It en
tered the Delaware and Raritan Canal at
New Brunswick on its way to Wa3hi:is
ton. Hundreds of people wero at the
dock ln Nixon Shipyard, in Elizabeth,
when the Holland started, mid three
che«-r3 were given.
The boat remained in the deep lock over
night. At daylight It will start for Phil
adelphia, where it will put up for two
weeks to change Its enrlne.
Donaldsons Discharged.
SAN JOSE. Dec. 2.— George and J. T.
Donaldson, two Monterey • :ners. who
wero arrested here a week ago for at
tempting to pass gilded nickles, were dis
charged from custody to-day by Court
Commissioner James. J. W. Borchers and
others on whom the Donaldsons attempt
ed to pars spurious coins were affected
with a case or forgetfulness and unable to
Identify the men. The Donaldsons claim
they received the coin at the Oakland
rart-track, whence they were on their way
home.
COURT NOTES.
The cases of Frank Klintrenfess. alias
Joe Riordan. and Frank E. f'rafton. ex
convlcts, charged with attempting to rob
farlo de Harnardi on California street,
'iismlssed by Judge hlocaß ytßter
day. as I>« B^rnardl d. rlart-d that the
men did i to r>di him.
Mrc. Nellie ("arlh m, wife of a long
shoreman. «ap sent to the Counts Jail
for six months by Judge Mogan yesterday
tot crueJU I chllilr. n In leaving her
months-old hal>\ on the t.tep» of her
in street. Wed
.. night to continue her drunken ca
rouaaL
Th«- cases of Felix Verhogen and John
the two «ikK«-<l "masheraT"
w<-re again called in Judge Cntham's
eoart y»?terday and again continued till
Tuesday, as the police have been unable
to ttnd the two young girls in the case.
• «en failed to appear, and \ho Judge
declaied his bail forfeltM nud issued a
bench warrant for his an
NEITHER MARRIED NOR SINGLE
Peculiar Predicament of James Don
ovan, a Saloon-Keeper at
Harbor View.
James Donovan, a saloon-keeper at Har
bor View, is In a peculiar predicament
through the apparent neglect of an at
torney he employed to obtain a divorce
for him. Donovan bore originally the
name of Burns, but it was changed to
Donovan on his application to the Supe
rior Court. '
He appeared before Judge Mogan yes
terday on a charge of "'failure to pro
vide, preferred by his divorced wife. He
told the Judge that he was married about
nine years ago. but owing to his wife's
dissolute habits he obtained a divorce
from her— at least, he thought he had.
ll* employed G. W. Howe and had paid
him between J2OO and $300. He married
again about two years ago, and after all
these years his divorced wife had brought
suit against him for the support of their
8-year-old child, although his lawyer had
told him that an agreement had been
made with his divorced wife that she
would have no further claim upon him
THE SAN FBAMCIBCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, IST\
S 3\ving Machines.
our High Arm "No Name"
Machines
have established a reputation.
Every purchaser sends others. They
realize the folly of paying double
the price merely for a name, but no
machine. All machines re-
turnable If after a week's trial they
do not prove as represented. A 10
years' warranty with every ma-
chine. The "No Name" Is very fast,
has an absolutely positive feed and
is adapted to any kind 4*oo Cfl
of work It has ball \ll,[)\\
bearings like a bicycle... *" |UU
Fall Carpets.
Rugs.
Values that must amaze all competi-
tion. Such carpet and rug values as
these, right in the fall house furnishing
season, have never been known before.
New Fall Designs Carpets.
CA_ or 65c Tapestry Brussels Carpet-
•JuL Ings— choice pretty colorings—
vw rare and beautiful designs.
Ci AA for $1 15 7 clvet Carpetings-an
Ol.Ull vn V suall / large showing of cx-
v cellent designs suitable for all
rooms.
C 1 (\Z for J1 2 s AxmJnster— of
tOliUt) ;lli:; lli: , t( l rns to choose from— latest (
"^ , " and best designs and colorings— i
suitable for all kinds of rooms, halls i
Etairs. etc. ' (
C 1 1Z tOT * ! M Bod >' Brussels Carpet- '
u)l«£tJ ln ? s — exquisite designs and choice '
colorings— exclusive, rich and ele- <
rant. . (
Our stock of wide velvet carpetlngs and (
Btalr carpeting*— 3-4, 4-4. ajid 6-4 widths— (
cannot be excelled for beauty, variety (
and low prices. " i
for the maintenance of the child, and the
agreement was produced In court.
Attorney Davidson, who represented the
divorced wife, said that the decree of di
vorce had never been obtained, and the
Judge continued the ca*« till Thursday
records he would personally examine the
"I feel sorry for you. said the Judge
™ a Don . ovan - "You appear to be neither
married nor single, through no fault of
your own. There is nothing like employ
ing a reputable attorney."
LADY DOCTORS TO CARE
FOR FEMALE PATIENTS
Through the Efforts of the California
Club Insane Women Are to Be
Properly Cared For.
The State executive has won the ap
proval of the ladies of the California Club,
of which Mrs. Lovell White i.- the efficient
president, by hearkening to their request
that a woman physician be appointed to
care for the female patients at the two
State insane asylums. In a communica
tion sent Mrs. Novell White, president of
the club, the chief executive notified her
that he had recommended that lady doc
tors be appointed and that his recom
mendation would undoubtedly be adopted
The members of the California Club are
therefore highly elated over the success
0! their efforts.
When the recent scandals at the State
asylums came to light they prepared a
circular and mailed it to the leading clubs
of tho State for approval. Fifty-seven
clubs, representing 17.000 of the leading
cltzens of the State, approved of ,i,*
California Club's course. The circular was
•* *■ lOllOn SI
At a meeting of the California Club,
held in San Prancisco on the 2Cth day
of Setnrmber, ISM. on motion duly
seconded, the following resolutions
wero unanimously adopted-
California Club it is essential to th«
proper care of the women patients in
the several State hospitals for the
treatment of the insane that one of
$• wistant physicians In each hos
pital should be a woman; and It is
respectfully urged upon those having
th* authority that thoy appoint a wo*
man physi. Lan as assistant In ~ ch
State hospital for the Insane
«i?n» ( ?'i'^vJ ha i tneae r^lutlons be
signed by the officers of the club and
copies ct the same be transmuted to
his Excellency the Governor of Cali
fornia, the honorable State Commls!
slon In Lunacy, to the board of man
afers and the medical superintendent
of the State hospitals for the insane
A Rag -Doll Social.
Next Saturday night the members of
Minerva F&rlor of the Native Dauirrteri
of the Golden West will give a rag doH
social In the banquet hall of the Nativn
Sons- building, this Is to be the "At
of a series of winter parties arranged rv
this the second organized parlor of Xl
order. The members of Mln-n-a D roo «
to make a good showing in the nT?I v
during th- ON relehration of tne qdnn'i
slon of California Into the T'nlon aamia '
Charged With Robbery.
Sergeant Christiansen arrested Monk
Andrew, alias Dawson. alias Billings last
Friday night and charged him at the
California street station with vagrancy
Victor Monti identified Andrew lal«t n"*ht
as the man who held him up at the cor
ncr of Powell and Filbert streets on A, '
gu*t 2S lost at the point of a nk ,^ mOl
wnV^VT * fl «;* aII °"
whisk>. A charge of robbery hn« hUn
preferred against Andrew. * en
Two Violent Deaths.
John Smith, who shot himself last Fri
day afternoon in the gun store of J
Bachman at 729 Clay street, died of his
mornlnV" "* ""^ Hospltal y«terday
Andrew Simonsen, who was burned In •
fire last Friday In his room at 303 fw
?2SaV. dled " th ° Marine " -P«tll y'S-
Debris Commission to Meet
The California Debris Commission will
meet to-morrow in the Flood building and
hear applications for privileges under the
hydraulic mining law in connection with
a mine at Placerville. the Paragon mine
at Hath. Placer County, and t»fe^ Pebb"e
CoCnty near Flat> ln E ' ra^
Hale Brothers
are now using 14 Smith Premier Tj-p«
wrtters purchased from L. and M. Alex
ander. •
GAGE GIVES TO RYAN AN
OFFICE AND A LAWSUIT
Appoints the Sacramentan to the
Doubtful Position of Public Works
Commissioner.
FRANK D. RYAN of Sacramento, Who Has Been Ap
pointed Commissioner of Public Works.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 2. -The appoint
ment of Frank D. Ryan as Commis
sioner of Public w..rk> was an
nounced late this afternoon, and in
the opinion of many well-informed
persons Mr. Ryan occupies to-night
the rather paradoxical position oM^aving
an Important public office and Tit the
sarr..» time not having it.
It will be recalled that during the lat
■ ter part of the tern of Edward E. Leake.
.■■iit..r of the Woodland Democrat, his
was withheld by the state Con
tnent <>f the
eld office by
virtue of the act of .!ng the of
fice (which act, by the way, was sought
■ r whether both
acts had not expired by limitation. A de
cision from the Supreme Court was ab
talned. and being adv< rse to the claim of
, the Woodland editor, he gracefully wlth
; drew. Later a question arose as to the
| validity of the '. and an opinion
from the Attorn. -y General sustain- «l the
view that the ni'-asure signed by Gov
ernor Qaff* was not tho one actually
passed by the Legislature.
This was the status of the case to-day
when Prank 1»- Ryan was appointed Com
missioner of Public Works by the Q >T
ernor. The latter was not inclined to il
luminate the situation when questioned
this afternoon, remarking that he had
appointed Mr. Ryan ami that was all he
desired to say about the matter.
Mr Rj in was seen by The Call corre
spondent to-night, and he courteously
gave his views on the subject, saying that
CATHOLIC TEACHERS
MEET IN CONFERENCE
AT PRESENTATION CONVENT
THEY DISCUSS EDUCATION.
Sixth Annual Institute Opened With
President's Welcome to Father
Yorke.
Over 300 sifters, representatives of the
San Francisco convents And of thos»>
buy. have for the past tWO
days been gathered together at tho B
Heart Pr» entation Convent. The object
which brought tli'in toßether was the
sixth annual Catholic Teachers' Institute.
at which the convent Instructor! yearly
gather to compare notes and listen to
l. Tiiiies on their chosen life work.
ti . Institute this year, by the wide
abjects discussed, attracted an
even larger number than usual.
At I a. ni. on Friday the session was In
augurated by the celebration <>f holy
muss, followed at %'M by the president's
r U. Angeline of the Holy Name
nt) address of welcome to Rev. P.
«■ fforke. The address was in part as
follows:
Before we proceed to carry out the pro
gramme of to-day. In your name, l beg to ex
tend our heartfelt treetlng to the dear friend
who has come home to us from acro6» the
teas Welcome home, dear father; welcome to
the cause that l» waiting its defender; to the
friends who have followed you with gladnvM
through your holiday, and with their only
wealth have .ought from God all the good
th For a 0 OU the old world has claimed you.
Its treasures of art. H« shrines and Ha sanc
tuaries have wooed you by their beauty and
their ancient majesty, but If ether lands have
their masterpiece*, here dear father. Is the
life work tor which Providence has »haped you;
here is the came that Is dear to you. and here
are the hearts that are loyal and true to you.
Ac to St Patrick of old the voices of the lit
tle children would have cried out to you In
your dreams to return. And not only
the voices- of the little children. but
of all those who for years have been
wont to look to you for guidance
and for counsel, of all those who love truth
and honor and Justice. Others have gone
abroad and returned and made glad the little
circle they call friends, but when a whole peo
ple Join in one burst of glad welcome we must
look deeper even than friendship for the cause,
and find it In these words of the Psalmist.
'•Thou hast loved Justice and hated iniquity,
therefore God. even thy God. hath anointed
thee with the oil of gladness above thy fel
lows. 1 '
Father Yorke, after a few well-chosen
words of acknowledgment, spoke on
"Educational Ideals." The reverend gen
tleman told his audience of the desira
bility of a teacher's keeping a high Ideal
constantly In front of him. and of sparing
no pains to attain It. Ho then read the
annual report of the Christian doctrine
committee. This closed the morning ses
sion. . ..
At 1:30 p. m. the audience again gath
ered In the assembly hall to listen to the
Rev J A. McDonald's interesting talk on
"Our Present Position." The lecturer told
his hearers that the prime need was the
centralization of n high school where all
could unite In prosecuting the highest
ideals of education on a practical basis.
Rev Charles A. Kamm followed with an
earnest appeal for the development of
moral education In schools, which he
claimed was being somewhat neglected
In the modern scheme of education.
At 3:30 p. m. a recently returned 'Pales
tine pilgrim," Rev. P. J. Cummins, de
scribed his experiences in the Holy I.and.
Illustrating his discourse with over sixty
views of the country. This closed the first
day's session.
•'"The Fatigue of School Children" was
the subject with which Dr. Frederic
Burk of the San Francisco Suite Normal
School opened Saturday morning's ses
sion. An exposition of the different ways
in which fatigue affects the brains of
variously constituted scholars formed the
basis of an extremely interesting lecture
u was hls bellef l . nat the new act under
which he was appointed to-day was sound
ami then would v- no doubt as to his
title to the office. When asked about what
policy he jnt-ml.-.l to f-llow. Ryan re
marked that the work already performed
on tho Ban Joaquin and Sacramento liven
tiy -\-( ommlMloni r Leake was of a char
acter apjpt . nginecrs, and he in
tended to carry it forward to completion
and to continue the operations stopped
upon Leake'i n'r.-ment; he would pay
particular attention to 'the wingdams al
ready constructed and to the erection of
new ones, as well as to the N'ewtown J<H
tnd the cutoffs on the San Joaqulo
in.- purpose <>f which wai to make a
shorter line and better river channel from
Btockton t>> Ban Francisco.
The announcement of Mr. Rvan that he
Intends to perpetuate the Newtown ease
ment an-1 continue the work already done
toward the restoration of the Sacramento
River will be pleasing to the Sacramento
< h.imber of Commerce and to all the tax
payer! of the counties concerned in the
preservation of river navigation. Mr
Ryan is regarded m embodying the quali
ties of a «afe ami Intelligent officer and
the belief Ik general that the money re
•■K In the original appropriation of
:> will he well and carefully expended
under his direction.
Mr Ryan has held various positions of
public trust. He has represented Sacra
mento in the Assembly, has been chief
cl.rk of that House, has served three con
secutive terms as District Attorney of
Sacramento and is at present a trustee of
the State Library, a trustee of the
Chlco Normal School and a trustee of
Butter's Pdrt Mr Ryan Is prominent as
a Native Son. being a past grand presi
dent of the Grand Lodge of that order.
At 10 a. m. the sisters held a conference
In regard to the grading of schools, after
which Rev. H. WOOdS, 8. J.. of St. Ig
natius College, told the institute of the
various methods employed in the teaching
of history, particularly dwelling on the
methods in use in St. Ignatius College.
At 1:30 p. m. the afternoon session opened
with an address on "Correlation of His
tory With Geography." In which Mrs. C.
8. Place, principal of the San Jose Normal
School, explained the dependency of the
one subject on the other and dwelt on the
necessity for their conjunctive teaching.
J. W. McClymonds. Superintendent of
the Oakland schools, then spoke of "Num
ber Work in the Lower Grades." Father
Yorke followed with an illustrated lecture
on the "Development of the Roman
Forum." The speaker eulogized the ora
tors of ancient Home, who stirred up the
spirit of freedom among the Romans, and
stated that no scheme of education could
afford to neglect the Important subject of
oratory.
With the sisters' singing of the Bene
diction of the most blessed sacrament the
most Interesting and Important conven
tion of Catholic teachers yet held was
closed. The officers of the executive com
mittee were «a follows:
Bister M. Angelina of the Holy Name*
president: Bister M. Hernardlne of the
Dominican order, vice president: Sister
M. Slmplicia of the Sisters of Charity,
R V. If., corresponding secretary: Sister
11. Berchmans of the Sisters of the Holy
Cross, corresponding secretary; Sister M
Alice of the Sisters of Charity, treasurer.
WAIT FOR THK GREAT TRAIN.
The BonMt Limited will open the a^-nnon
«f iv!«f<-i>-i on I>erember IS, and will con
tinue seml-we( kly Tuesdays and Fri
days until about April first. The leaving
time. 5 p. m., from San FTanelsco and
S a. m. from Ix>b Angeles, arriving it El
Paso at 7:12 a. m. and at New Orleans
7:20 p. m., permits of daylight trips
through all of the most interesting por
tions of this grand route. The best pos
sible connection In made at El Paso with
the lines for St. Louis. Chicago ar.d
Mexico, and at New Orleans for Wash
ington. New York. Chicago and Cin
cinnati and othrr cities. Parties desiring
to take an Eastern trip will find thnt
they will add greatly to the comfort and
pleasure of the Journey if they can ar
range their plnns go that it will enable
thfm to go and return via the Sunset
Route.
EXECUTRIX STORMBOUND.
Sheriff Directed to Bring Mrs. Miller
From Santa Rosa Island.
Even the element* are contributing to
the delay In the settlement of the ostara
of the late A. P. More. The matter of
the settlement of Mrs. Eliza M. Mt.ier's
annual account as administratrix was
not settled yesterday owing: to Mrs. Mil
ler's absence. In order to explain the
lady's non-appearance a letter from At
torney Storke of Los Angeles wai read
to Judge Coffey showing that she-wa* de
tained at Santa Rosa Island on account
of the norm and could not reach the
mainland for. some days. Attorneys
Evans. Peterson and Booth asked the
court for a citation directing the Sher
iff of Santa Barbara to go to the island
and convey Mrs. Miller to the court with
out delay. This action was finally or
dered and the Sheriff must brave tho
storm in obedience to the mandate of the
court. All of the attorneys expressed
a desire that the estate be distributed,
and an order to this effect will probably
be made on the arrival of Mrs. Miller.
Deserted by Their Husbands.
Pints for divorce on the ground of in
sertion nave been filed by Ann loj lo
■1 Owen Coyle, Charlotte I
against Kdward B. Keene and Ju.a
A. Knights against Joseph V. Knlsiits.
Happy Children.
The primary department of the Simpson
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We Want You
To Visit Our
Toy Dep't.
THREE GREAT SPECIALS.
Doll's Cradle, hard- |
wood, 19 in. Ion,;, beadeJ
and varnished, regular |
50c, special 27c.
Mechanical Jumping !
Wool Rabbits, regular
50c, special price, 25c.
The Above Goods Are All BARGAINS, Offered as an In-
ducement to Get You to Visit Our Toy D*p*t. One« there and
you will find both Stock and Prices Right.
 Doll Te« and I
Jo9R?9(s| Dinner Sets, in ,
/■reWVCf Chins. 10c. 15c.
l§'6 I/O &§ 25c - 35c. 50c. 75c. !
WGh'!& ( &>l®£a *1 *° $7.50 per set.
■■■^■^■" Tin Enameled or
Agate Sets- !
Child's Story Books, cloth-bound, I
Grimm's Fairy Tales, Robinson Cru-
soe, Black Beauty, Uncle Tom's
Cabin and many others, 17c.
Elegantly Illustrated Story Books,
25c.
-^-m- .-*-.. Toy Tables, fold-
*&r*r^l&js lnKt extension. drop
f I &Ti\ leaf, sold oak or
I I Ss I I red Pointed tables, |
I" yy 25c. 50c, 75c anJ
The swellest full finished Toy
Kitchen Table ever shown, In oak or ;
mahogany, special, $1.75.
Doll Beds and Cradles, In white
enamel or hardwood finish, 25c to
$2.50.
Don't Forget
Our
Doll Department.
Now a Few Suggestions for the
Big Folks.
A NEW LINE OF
* CRACKER JARS.
A beauty bowl — porce-
f >. lain, nicely decorated,
I \ with silver plated cover
j JL I and handle (as cut), 52.25.
-^"s3>~? Same as above, rink
/ Jjt*^^L or cardinal bowl, $1.50
\M_PjJURf We also have them en-
YET^QBf tireiy in silver plate, en-
V i^»a graved, $1.50 each.
\^JL^^ Berry Dishes with sil-
ver plated frame* and
colored bowls, new shades, $1.75 each.
Crumb Scraper and Tray, silver
plated and engraved, $2.50 each.
Dinner Castors, silver plate, 5
bottles, $1.25.
Silver plated Butter Dish, nicely
engraved, $1.50.
***&. CIGAR AND
JARS.
Imitation Cut Glass
»Kjj-~--*3j Jars, with covers in
§ CIGAR AND
TOBACCO JARS.
Imitation Cue Glass
Jars, with covers in
polished silver plate,
fa 111 II £ w3b wedgewood or decorat-
ifl ir Mw ed bronz-, with sponge
bLUI 'JnW Tt jchment in cover—
IS^ 75c. $1.00. $1.25. $2.00.
. $2.50.
Prompt Attention to Mail Orders.
Will & Finck Co.,
818-820 MARKET STREET.
Memorial Sunday-school gave an enter
tainment last nlßht at the church, corner
Of Hayes and Huchari.tn streets. A fine
{iroßramme, «-vrry number of which was
Klven by lufmber* of th.- class, won much
applause from the lance audience. The
children were drilled by Mrs. C. B. Per
kins and Mrs. I>r. Stephens.
« ♦ »
CONVICTS SENTENCED.
A Bobber, a Burglar and Two Em
bezzlers Sent to Prison.
Frank Collins, who on August 13 stole
$61 from Joseph B. Sllva, wan MBMnced
to ten yearn' imprisonment In San Quen
tin by Judge Dunne yesterday. The fact
that Collins bad a prior conviction ag&lnat
him prompted the court to impose- a se
vere sentence.
Patrick Roger* and Bernard Ward.
Mr f^ ♦ A Fifty-Cent pier*, by Itself l- vajrue. but when Mls
L I 1 attached to a share of cur Mock It then has a ra!ue
rII I * nich ls rVLIs OK m unm This you will rea?
V/ V^ l|y a.imlt If you will lnve<«tl«ate our offer. Our land U
—^ . . I'ATK.NTKI), and In the most prnmlstnc portion of
M^^K.m *+.•&■+> th ' Famou » Kern River Oil District, with OH. WELLS
I iPIITQ AIMOI.M.NO _ not rr;>B away confld-ne- of
VVll tU thl " company. In It. holdings is pro Ten by the fact that all
mmm — stork of th« '"corporators is held in escrow, not to be
r¥l |_ J. released until such time as the company Is on a dhrl-
1 Y\ O I <S«nd pavlns; basis. Only Treasury stock Is offered for
JL X XCv 1/ "*!."• * nd * llmlted MM will be sold at flO Ch.NTS
PKIt B II A UK. Don't buy stock until you have
TT looked carefully Into what we hare to offer. All Infor-
}Lma Ol O matlon cheerfully (iven and valuable prospectus** an.i
I M /i [N maps for the asking.
a STERLING OIL AND DEVELOPMENTCO.
TT 1 I 35-36 Crocker Building. Third Floor.
If 0111 C" I DIRECTORS: W. 8. Ot|t. Pres.: J. A. Buntlnx.
J QvX VI. V/ * VIr *' Pres ■'• J - C. Hampton, N. K. Masten. 11. H.
> Blood.
4 ♦
We Want You
to Learn How
. Profitable to
You That Visit
Will Be.
+- ,
Your choice of the
"Great Ri^ S'orv Rook"
or the "M irr.m th" !
Book, 49c each, worth $1.
TOYS FOR THE BABIES.
Rubber Animals, Balls, Rattles,
Chimes, Building, ABC and Picture
Blocks, Cloth and Wool Animals, and
ever so m ny other things for little
money.
" ÜB> Rocking Chairs anJ
J^BP Chairs that don't ro.k,
liZffi at any price to please
T"*lgf/ your purse or your
Jfjfcl fancy, 25c to $5.00.
7*Sjg*r Bur-aus and Side-
A^yij^- boards, In rname!-d rr
■^^jTJr hardwooJ finish. 51. 50.
$2.00. $2.50 to $6.00.
Oak Desks, small enough for toy*
or larjre enough for service, $1.00.
$1.25. $ ISO to $7.50.
T"S*3£^ Doll Cabs. We have
\CSSSQb them in style and
\Ji-L. finish that can be
raSSau. found here only,
Ljß'-'-^HB^ pretty .inJ substTri-
C\^^^Bl tial - 25c - 5Oc ' 75c.
\r^(&sr\ $I'sw1 '$w o1o 1 ' 25 ' * 150
Doll Go - Cart«,
25c 35c. 50c. 75c.
$1.00. $1.25. $1.50 to $5.00.
BOOKS.
r-r^S^K 5-voium: sets of books
if "7sssl,rt by Prominent authors at
S books.
5-voiume sets of books
by promtn*nt authors at
\ |^«| tS Those b-au'lfu! white
j «4j£jland silver violettrimme ,
* cloth bound, presentation
\l^*-— books of Poems, Romance
and Fiction at 29c each,
worth 50c
HOLIDAY STATIONERY.
M _______ Inglazed board and
£&r7jZ-n~ f ancy decorateJ boxes
with '• 2 . 3 or 4 quires
t/^^^^r^t, to the box, in blue, lav-
€ fancy decorated boxes
with 1, 7, 3 or 4 qu res
to the box, in bli.
ender, cream and *s-
dfiLi^MM red colors — 50c. 75c
$1.00. $1.25. $1.50.
$2.00. $2.50.
A large line of decorated Celluloid
Novelties — Ink, Match, Toothpick and
Cigar Stan Calendar. Therm me-
ters, etc— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Olive Wood Novelties in Fanry Ink
Stands, Card Cases, Stamp Boxes,
1 Blotters, P.-rpetual Calendars, etc
convicted of having embezzled the .'un-js
of the Pacific Coa*t Marine Firemen's
Lnlon, were before Judge Dunne for :t«-;'.
tence. lingers was Riven five and rtarj
seven years In Folsom prison.
I'hlllp Cramer was sent to San Querfn
by Judge Lawlor yesterday for a term
of three and a half year* for the -rim-*
of burglary, committed on October 2»
last, when he broke Into the resldenc* of
William Oiuhn at 1624 Buchanan it.-eri
Cramer pleaded guilty to the offense >::. i
when asked by the court whether he h«ct
ever been arrested before on a aenou-t
charge he said no. Detective Balnort'i<e
then proved that he had been arp-»*.« l
for burglary, and the fact that the "pris
oner had committed perjury resulted In a
more serious sentence being Imposed th i i
would otherwise have been had he tcij
the truth.
Parts is to hnvf an International con
me** of deaf mutes.
78
Further Sweeping Reductions in Prices of New and Seasonable Goods.
II A Splendid Opportunity for Obtaining Bargains in Staple and Fancy Lines,
v Including HOLIDAY PRESENTS.
OUR ENTIRE STOCK .......... L
% Consisting of Black and Colored Dress Goods, Silks, Velvets, Laces, Trimmings, Embroideries, \f
i Ribbons, Gloves, Ladies' and Gentlemen's Hosiery, Neckwear, Muslin and Merino Underwear, [^
Corsets, Blankets, Sheetings, Comforters, Umbrellas, Mackintoshes, Boys' and Children's Clothing, R&
Ladies' Tailor=Made Suits, Jackets, Capes, Skirts, Furs, Feather Boas, Fancy Wools, Yarns, Embroi- p
j dering Materials, Rubber Goods,' Toilet Articles, etc., is now being sold at a great sacrifice, mostly [(
I! .......... AT LESS THAN COST L
Tfl- M 0 R R fI W M fllVn A V will be a red=letter da ? in our PEREMPTORY MONEY-RAISING SALE, and we respectfully urge our
1 irlulmlVU TT , iTllll il/A 191 9 patrons to come early and thereby escape the afternoon rush in the aisles of our establishment.
/M I B Murphy Building, / I M I M Murphy Building, g I Ml h Murphy Building, g
[/If Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. / x/if Market, Jones and McAllister Sts. / [/[/ Market, Jones and McAllister Sts, /
DIRECTOR KEMP
STARTLES THE
GRAND JURORS
Admits His Part in a
Crooked Deal.
CRIMMINS* ORDER OBEYED
LIGHT ON TKE STATIONERY
SCANDAL.
In Its investigation of the scandals
which revolve around certain members of
the Board of Education the Grand Jury
received on Friday some startling Infor
mation, which tln> Inquisitors are guard
ing in the greatest secrecy. The star
•Rltm-ss of the day was Director William
A K<ni;>. who was, as usual, refreshingly
frank — even to the point of self-accusa
tion. Th«« subject under discussion was
the chare**, published exclusively In The
Call Of September 10. that Directors Gedge
and Oonlon had divided C""' in bribe
money In-tween them and that Director
Keir.p. at the direction of Phil Crimmlns,
had remained away from the meeting of
the Supplies Committee when a crooked
contract for stationery was awarded.
At the meeting of the Grand Jury on
Friday Director Kemp wan shown the
ly.su*> of The Call of September 10 and was
asked if the Interview therein credited to
him was correct. The Jurors naturally
«-x]>cm-»l some hesitation on the part of
Kemp. !>m to their nirprlse he announced
that tht; interview was <-orr«*ct in every
particular. In that Interview he declared
I;is almost unspeakable sorrow that J2O
pieces Khould l>«* Moating around when he
was away and he bemoaned the fact that
his friends mi»;ht look uj»on him us a gen
tleman from the country.
He said that ho knew Phil • rimtnin*
X'ery well and had remained nway.from
the meeting of the Committee on Supplies
at the hucgention nnd practical dictation
of Crimmlns.
"That interview." raid Kemp to the
grand Jurors, "is substantially correct. 1
rei:;;ihn d away from the meeting when
the stationery contract was awarded be
cause Orlmmins askrd me to do so."
The "jurors were dumfounded. Having
learned so much of the dark and devious
w:i\> <if the Hoard of Kducatlon, they
tvanu-d to lrarn more, and K<mn was
fairly j>^H«d with questions. Then he be
pan to hcdß«. as developments promised
anything but comfort for himself. He
A BELT WITH MERIT!;
—^
/t? 1% That's the kind of a Belt you want
i * *^ If you expect it to cure you. When you '
[• ' <^'^»-rf*V^ buy a Belt, buy a GOOD one or none at
Li Z*T T \^L HIL Go where BELTS ARE MADE—
vk j'^Ji*™ lo a firm of established reputation, (
\j. *r 'Sr " — ™~~- w tio*c word and premises anxvunt \.*t
\ ' %f^.jm£lSJl something, and then you will be able to i
v£^*vA\ ' "^tiFj * et what you want and at a fair price.
&s22%\!&3.iiki£))r \^rsi& to °- There is no humbug about Dr. '
HmL,- vV*3l^^" Pierces Electric Belt. Any one who
\S^^^\^ x 'wSS^S^ ha " cv * r lrl( ' <i It knows that. It do
\w\^V l N^^^ !^^M&W not * a " to I >lore!l In a few weeks as
VwiV^\^^Vt^*!cSHßw others do. It Is warranted to be as
V VW^HBH* represented. Buy no Belt till you see
V^^\^7.t^,*W "DR. PIERCES."
»^\x* CNvcSi .TWSr Call at office or send 2c in stamps for
v \X:\\NSir' our "Book No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
©2O Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel. San Franclsoo.
said, In answer to inquiries, that all he
knew of the tw«X>o bribery deal was that he
had heard that Directors Gedge and Con
lon had received that amount. Much of
his knowledge, he Mid, was hearsay from
the newspapers.
"And you rtally remained away from
the meetins of the Supplies Committee
because Cnmmlns asked you?" a juror
inquired.
•W. 11. I don't mean It Just that way."
was Kemp's reply. "Crimmlns asked me
not to go, and 1 didn't go. I think I had
something else to do that day— asid any
way, I didn't go."
And that was his effort at compromise
in a situation that certainly was not com
fnrtal>l«\ 'The grand jurors believe that
they have struct a rich lead, and if
they can only inject a little of Kemp's
volubility Into some, of the other Directors
th«»ro may be more than one public official '
studying the phrases of an indictment.
RIFLES DANCE LN MOTLEY.
Hold Their Twenty-Second Annual
Masquerade at Saratoga Hall.
Beneath a revolving canopy of pink and
gold a (motley crowd danced last evening
and a part of this morning away at Sara
toga Hall. The occasion was the Twen
ty-socond annual masquerade ball of the
Independent Rifles, and the crowd assem
bled surpassed all expectation, elbow
room btlng at a premium.
Although no prizes were offered this
year, yet many of the costumes showed
originality. At 12 o'clock the unmasking
took place, when many expectations were
chattered.
'1 I•■ various committees and those in
charge were us follows: Louis Schneider,
captain commanding; Boor manager. Ser
geant Henry Hanson, assisted by Ser
geant Charle.y Andrews. Committee of
arrangements— Charles Staude,
Sergeant George Mitchell. H. Meyer,
Floor committee— H. Iverson. L. Melsner,
Jam. * Murphla. H. Marzoff. Lieutenant
E. Moenini*. Charles Meycrdecks. Recep
tion committee— H. Hither. H. Felix, P.
Skrowraw. L. Van de Kaav.
ESTATES OF THE DEAD.
Wills of Peter V. Stone nnd Jaxne3
Gafney Filed for Probate.
The will of Peter V. Stone, who died
November 27. leaving an estate valued at
JSOOO, was tiled for probate yesterday.
The estate is devised In equal shares to
his two «^>ns. Raymond V. and KventT I.
Stone. Thomas J. Clancy, decedenl's
brother-in-law. 1? named as executor, to
serve without bonds.
By the terms of the will of James Gnf
ney. who died In Santa Clara County No
vember 25. an estate valued at $5000 it. b'»
queathed to relatives In Ireland.
Young Men's Mass Meeting.
A n ng for wn only will be
• th< To Christian Afso
ciati<m Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
■ moon at 3 o'clock, and is
Vistra
- Iby. Mr. S"ll«y
will lecture "ii "Fr"in Atinlsm to Chris
tianity." Omits opon free to young men.
TnE PAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1899.
OLYMPIC CLUB
IS BARRED TO
COLLEGE TEAMS
Ingratitude Displayed
by Managers.
NO FOOTBALL TICKETS SENT
MANY COURTESIES WERE NOT
ACKNOWLEDGED.
When the athletic teams of Stanford
and the University of California come
to this city In the future for baseball,
track and football contests they will find
the doors ol the Olympic Club closed to
them. Hitherto it has been the custom
of the Olympic Club to offer the 'col
lege athletic teams the use ol the club
house for dressing purposes whenever
they came to San Francisco.* No more
will the offer be made.
The reason for this is the treatment ac
corded the board of directors of the club
by the football managers of the two col
leges. All season both th« Stanford and
California teams have come to the Olym
pic Club, dressed for the games and re
turned, using the club's bathing facilities
and all the privileges allowed the mem
bers of the institution. In the future
the colleges must look elsewhere for a
dressing i-nd. At least so say tin- di
rectors and ofllcers of the Olympic Club.
About *ix or seven days before the
Thanksgiving football match, thinking
that they wore overlooked by accident,
the Olympic Club officers sent letters to
Manager Alumina of the University of
California eleven and Manager Berry of
the Stanford team calling their attention
to the fact that no tickets to the big
game had been sent to the club. To the
letter addressed to Manager Mumma no
reply was received. Berry answered his
letter and both the absence of a reply
from the former tnd the answer of the
latter have stirred up a wrathful indig
nation among the club men.
Berry's r.ote stated that the compli
mentary list was already made out an!
that no more tickets would be distrib
uted. In the face of all the courtesies
that had been accorded them by the club
this came as a blow of ingratitude to the
Olympic olllcors and they are now going
to adopt retaliatory measures.
President Groer Harrison is among
those specially aggrieved and he will ad
vise radical measures, such as barring
the athletes of the universities from club
privileges. The tickets were not forth
coming when asked for and now no ex
cuse will be accepted by the injured par
ties. It has always been the custom of
the college manager* to allow the atth
letic club team, which played during the
season In the league games, a certain
number of complimentary tickets, but as
the Olympic eleven was in Portland on
the date of the big game these were not
even sent the club this year. What this
rupture in the friendly relations of the
colleges and the athletic club may result
in is not yet known. It may mean that
the Olympic Club will not place an
eleven In the field next year.
The excuse offered by .the collegians
for not sending the complimentarle* Is
that tire Olympic ttflm was pniti >1500 out
right to equip a football eleven for the
playing of weekly games with the uni
versities.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Dec. S.— S. D. Roger*
of San Francisco Is at the Ebbitt House;
Rev. Barton W. Perry of San Francisco,
private secretary to Hon. Victor H. Met
calf, arrived in Washington to-night.
■ m «
Chinaman Wields a Club.
Ah Hung, a Chinaman who was liber
ated from the Stockton Insane Asylum
about three days ago, struck Chew Sue
Hlng, another Mongolian, with a club »t
the corner of Washington and Dupont
Itrettfl last evenlnp, cutting his left lip
and check. It la ruppoaed by the police
that the- act was that of an Insane mnri.
although 1 1 inifc claims that the m.»n
whom he struck first attackM him with
a knife. The bloody club was found In
Hung's room.
PRECITA VALLEY CLUB
FAVORS THE BOND ISSUE
The Precita Valley Improvement Club
last night, at Graham's Hall. Alabama
street, pluced itsef on record as favoring
the issue of bonds for the contemplated
betterment of the city.
After disposing of the routine business
of the club, the following resolutions were
unanimously adopted:
Whereas. The bond election to be held the
27th anil 21»th of the present month is of para
mount interest to all classes of our residents;
and. whereas, the residents of Preclta Valley
have long advocated ntid encouraged perma
nent Improvements, and recognize the «r»-itt
necessity of better Fewer? and m.'re commodi
ous ichn laoases; ami. whereas, the residents
represented fay th" I'reclta Valley Improvement
Club recognize In the present proposition to
bond the city for the purpose of acquiring the
necessary land to extend the panhandle and
to provide better sewers and schoOtbOUSM;
Resolved, That the Precita Valley Improve
ment Club fully endorses the issuance of bonds
and pledges Its members to do all In their
power to assure the success of the bond Issue.
YORKE TO CHAMPION
CAUSE OF IRELAND
WILL FEARLESSLY DISCUSS HER
PRESENT CONDITION.
The Popular Pastor of St. Peter's Will
Relate Some Varied Experi
ences of His Recent Trip.
"How is old Ireland and how does she
stand?" is a question that every new ar- i
rival from the old country is called upon !
to answer. Father Yorke will answer It
In his lecture at St. Peter's Church this <
evening. To many who are long absent '
from Ireland the situation there is but |
little known. To give publicity to Irish
news 1b not profitable to the telegraphic
agencies, hence their silence regarding
Irish happenings. For those, however,
who wish to bo informed of the real con
ditions existing at present In the . old ,
country a rare opportunity is In store this |
evening. Father Yorke has been In Ire
land recently and he intends to state Its
case Just as It appeared to him.
Ever since his first advent in San Fran
cisco Father Yorke has been known as a
fearless advocate of truth and Justice,
! and his statement of the case of Ireland
may be looked forward to with interest
as coming from one who Is not ashamed
of the land of his birth nor afraid to
speak the thought that Is in him.
Rarely does a visitor to Ireland receive
the attention accorded Father Yorke. His
was the privilege last summer of address
ing the Irish Bishops and the students of
Maynooth College, the largest ecclesias
tical Institution in the world. So original
and progressive were his views on educa
tion ana church government that Car
dinal Louge, who presided at the meeting,
thanked him warmly for his suggestions
and bespoke a brilliant future for him in
the American hierarchy. At many other
distinguished gatherings Father Yorke
was the honored guest during his stay in
Ireland.
His views as to the best method of bet
tering the condition of his native land
were pronounced and are ever since the
subject of much discussion. 1
In his lecture this evening Father Yorke
will carry his hearers back into the "old
land," and open to their view once again
the blue skies and fertile valleys that
many of them looked upon In the days of
their youth. The sale of tickets for the
lecture Is enormous and those who wish
! to secure seats should immediately take
i the necessary steps.
Fractured His Skull.
P. McColan, a laborer residing on Bran
nan street, was struck by a falling piece
of coal on the collier Miami last night
and sustained a laceration of the scalp
and a fracture of the skull. He w?s
treated at the Harbor Receiving Hospital
by Dr. Robinson and was later taken to
the City Hall. It is feared that he may
die.
MRS. C. T. MILLS
IS HONORED BY
MANY FRIENDS
Tendered a Brilliant
Reception.
ANNIVERSARY OF HER BIRTH
GLOWING TRIBUTES PAID TO
HER PERSONAL WORTH.
A brilliant reception was given last
night at Sherman & Clay's haJl by the
board of trustees, faculty and alumnae of
Mills Cullegu to its president, Mrs. C. T.
Mills, in honor of her birthday. The af
fair was strictly Informal in character
and was made the occasion for expressing
the high regard in which Mrs. Mill* is
held by those ladles who were at one time
under her charge, and also by men promi
nent in educational, commercial and pro
fessional ctr-W-s. At least suO gueilts were
present to wish Mrs. Mills a happy birth
day, and speeches were delivered by Dr.
Henry C. Minton, president of the board of
trustees of Mills College; Professor David
Starr Jordan, Professor Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, Rev. C. It. Brown and Horace
Davis.
The hall had been beautifully decorated
in yellow and white bunting and a pro
fusion of chrysanthemums and ferns, and
on the stage, which had been converted
into a bower of evergreens, were seated
the Mills College string orchestra, under
the direction or Professor Itocco Laraja.
and composed of the following young
ladles: First violin. Miss Millie C. Finley;
mandola. Miss Etna Miller; iirst mando
lins, Miss Lulu Bothin and Miss Clara
Mi Near; second mandolins. Miss Hazel
Kline and Miss Delia Zimmerman; gui
tars, Fraulein Wolf, Miss Louisa Wolf
and Miss Mat tie McCullough; pianist.
Miss Alice Connelly.
The orchestra rendered a number of se
lections, while Mrs. Mills took a position
under a beautiful floral piece in the center
of the hall and received the congratula
tions of her friends for an hour before the
speechmaking. Mrs. Mills was assisted in
receiving by Mr. and Mrs. Warren C. Ol
ney, Mrs. R. Barstow, Mrs. James Me-
Gauley, Miss J. S. Krink. Professor and
Mrs. Louis Llsser, Miss Garrettson, Miss
Everett, Mrs. C. Fritsch. Mrs. Wendell
Easton and Professor and Mrs. Keep.
Professor Jordan stood at the side of Mrs.
Mills and was introduced to the guests as
they advanced. Mrs. Mills was the recip
ient of a number of beautiful floral offer
ings, with accompanying good wishes.
At 9:30 o'clock the speakers of the even-
Ing gathered on the stage, where Dr. Min
ton began his introductory speech. He
stated that the occasion was a personal
one to testify the affection of those as
sembled for Mrs. Mills.
"When the educational history of the
State has been written." said Dr. Minton.
"there will be a generous chapter reserved
for the work of Mrs. Mills and her de
ceased husband. She has given fifty years
of her life to the educational interests
of California. Three thousand of onr
best young women have come within the
sphere of ncr noble Influence. Mills Col
lege la not a private- institution. It be
longs to the people of California. What
Wellesley and Smith Is to the East Mills
Is to the West. We value the gifts she
has given and look for the kindly help of
the other big universities in our midst."
During his speech Dr. Minton read a
telegram from Emma Nevada, in New
York City, as follows: "Tender love. Am
with you in spirit."
Professor Jordan was next Introduced
and paid a glowing tribute to the per
sonal worth of Mrs. Mills.
"It is not for me to say what Mrs. Mills
has done In the cause of education," said
Professor Jordan. "You know the his
tory of Mills College better than I do. In
Mills College I recognize the real de
scendant of Mount Holyoke College of
which splendid institution, founded by
Miss Mary Lyon.on the gifts of thou
1 sands of the common people of New Eng
land. Mr?. Mills herself is one of the early
graduates."
Prof— or Jordan then spoke of the ne
cessity of the higher education of women
a? well a* of men, and expressed his sat
isfaction that the broad course of study
in the institutions of to-day were open
to both. This higher education, he con
tinued, could be acquired in one of four
ways. The flm was In the establishment
of special colleges for women. Again in
annexes to colleges reserved for men. In
men's colleges, where women are toler
ated and In out and out co-education.
"I believe heartily In the latter
method." said Dr. Jordan, "but they are
all good ao long as they serve the pur
pose. There Is room on this coast for col
leges for women alone. We have two
universities where women are admitted,
but these are rapidly becoming over
crowded, and I would urgently recom
mend to our citizens the aiding of Mills
College, which has so many advantages,
and which if properly sustained will be
come better In many ways than Smith,
Holyoke or Vassar."
Professor Wheeler was received with
hearty applause, arid be also added his
meed of praise to what had alread
extended t<> Mrs. Mills. He recognised 111
the education of American VN.jin>-n the
remedy for materialism.
"In this country." said he. "we are as
suring ourselves a continuity of civiliza
tion in offering tbs brst advantai-
education to WOI—B. Any on* engaged
in the work Is blessing himself and his
country. Mrs. Mills hns been a blessing
to the Stat«* and nation for many years,
and I am fted to pay a tribute to h«r de
votion and unselti<hn»-.as in the ca
higher education for women. Would
there were more hearts like hors. warm
to the demands of education. I am al
ways ready to bow before any one who
gives herself as Mrs. Mills has done to
the public good. Godspeed to Milld Col
lege and Uod l>l>-ss Mrs. Mills "
Key. C. K. Brown and Horace Davis
also delivered eulogistic sn»'«..-he« and re
peated applause greeted th» lr effort*.
After the speeches the guests r»- r
their good wishes expressed earlier in the
evening to Mrs. Mills, and many who
came lat«* likewise shook hands and ex
tended congratulations. Light refresh
ments were served and the evening came
to a pleasant dost
Oklahoma Indians have developed a
craze for the m<si al lit an. .1 lltt '.--known
narcotic of wonderful properties, produc
ing marvelous color visions.
GI YONC YEN,
The Great Chinese Specific: Nature's Marvelous Antidote, Cures Mor-
phine. Laudanum. Opium. Yen She and Cocaine Addiction.
It never falls to cure, even In the very worst cases, no matter how bad
they may be. It acts with such exactness, such precision, that failure li ut-
terly impossible. To prove that my statements are based upon facts an.l
are absolutely truthful, I will deposit In responsible hands as a forfeit to
my one addicted to the drug and desirous of being cured
$100.00 if it falls to cure the drug habit.
$100.00 If it falls to cure perfectly in 3 to 5 days.
$100.00 if It fails to prevent all pain or suffering.
$100.00 If it falls to remove all desire for the drug
$100.00 If it falls to leave the patient in fine mental and physical condl-
s6oo.oo
oroiJS'u'pl.'th?^ 1 ™. 11 ™ 1 '" ce ° nTlnCe a " 7 partlcular *»«» I will doublo
If any one thinks that I am merely "bluffing" and that mv rr**t r nm.ij
will not antidote the drug In the system so as^o fulfill the Ton&loS. SamM
ibove. then I invite that person to deposit an eaual amrtnnt »i»h ™-^5?7J
I fall to fulfill every condition to the very lette? he^nav taTe tlfi. wtfJi
PAYABLE WHEN CURED
l&Sr'ff^ri^^Sa^W " "»»■>•* to M, b«d, » moment «d
NO. 1 CURES IN 3 TO 5 DAYS.
NO. 2 CURES IN 14 DAYS
No. 2 is particularly suited to tha mi™ „» ..u ' ,
intldotal properties of the No. 1 and never A n h ? me - It possesses the full
Sent by express free from observation T and w ith ° c "fr. when Properly tak-n.
Ing every point. llon ama ' m w 't» explicit in?tnictlon-»
Call or write in confidence. Hours— ■■ mm ' to a * ra - •»- » to sp. m.
DR. GEO. W. WILLIAMS, 216 Kearny Street, p. m, Francisco, Gil
Dt GEO. W. WILLIAMS, 21* Karny Street, >.. Frwcisw, CiL
NATIONAL LEAGUE OF
REPUBLICAN CLUBS
PLANS FOR THE PRESIDENTIAL
CAMPAIGN OF 1000.
Colonel George Stone, President of
the League. Leave* for Wash
ington, D. C, To-Night.
Colonel George Stone, president of the
National League of Republican Clubs,
leaves the city for Washington, D. C . this
evening. He go**« to attend a meeting of
the executive committee of the league to
be held December 12, two days prior to
the meeting of the Republican National
Committee. Thirty-four members, repre
senting that number of States, have al
ready given notice of their Intention to at
tend the meeting.
Letters and telegraphic messages re
ceived recently by President Stono Indi
cate that the Republicans throughout the
country are confident of success In the
coming campaign. The national conven
tion of Republican clubs to be held under
the auspices of the league will assemble
next May. The time and place of the con
vention will be determined at the meeting
In Washington this month.
Republican leaders representing every
State and Territory of the United States
will be at the nation's capital about the
middle of thisvinonth. The Republican
National Committee will soon decide when
and where the convention of the party to
nominate President and Vice President
shall be held.
The convention of the Republican
league will no doubt be held at least
thirty days IWoro the nominating con
vention assembles. The cities of Cincin
nati. St. Paul. Chicago. Indianapolis ami
Galvcston are on the lint of available
meeting places. Colonel Stone Is not .•■!
vised of the preference of commttteemen.
but forms the Impression from letters and
telegrams that the contest for league con
vention honors will narrow down to Cin
cinnati and St. Paul. It Is probable that
Senator Hamilton of Ohio will be elected
president of the league, to succeed Colonel
stone. The latter is actively engaged In
carrying out rush contracts for the con
struction of the Santa Barbara extension
of the Southern Pacific Railroad.ADVERTISEMENTS.
A REASON FOR IT.
There Is Only One Pile Cure That Has i
Reached a National Popularity
and Reputation.
There are many popular medicines that
nre kn.'wn In every household In America,
There are blood purifiers, nerve tonics,
headache remedies, dyspepsia cures, and
cough cures, which are sold In every drug-
Moro in the nation and beyond.
Bat all of these must divide their popu-
larity with many rivals, no one remedy
lias th«» field to ltsilf. with the single
exception of pile cures, for it is a singular
fact that there is but one pile cure that
can be considered aa having a national
reputation, without a rival and the re-
ferred to is the Pyramid Pile Cure, which
f<>r seven years has steadily worked Into
the public favor by reason of its ex-
traordinary merit, until it is known from
Maine to California and from Manitoba
to the pulf.
It is true there are many pile remedies
having v small local reputation for a year
t.r two. but the Pyramid Pile Cure has
rapidly supplanted them all and really
lias the field to itself when anything like
National popularity is considered.
Tlie explanation is simple. It is because
pflea is in no sense an imaginary trouble
that a bread pill or a simple salve or oint-
ment will cure, but an obstinate, painful
and 'fT.-n dangerous trouble and a remedy
to give satisfaction must possess positive
and very apparent merit. A person suf-
f.ring from piles will not experiment for
months with a remedy; it must give relief
and a cure In thort urder or it is con-
demned.
The worst cases of piles are relieved on
the first application of the Pyramid ami
n cur«j will result in a reasonable tlr.io
from its regular u»c.
Medical men use it in preference to
operations because it is safer, is perfectly
Stainless :»nd the cost to patient is a
mere trllle. as all druggists sell the Pyra-
mid Pile Cure at 50 cms. und as It Is us.-J
at night It cures without interfering with
regular occupation.
If suffering from any form of plK's.
bleeding. Itching or protruding, a trial of
th« Pyramid will cure you and add an-
other to its thousands of friends.
Gifts for
Christmas!
The assortment of goods we have on
exhibition suitable for Christmas gifts
romprls.' every desirable article that
Scars of cxj>erienee could suggest.
An inspection of the different depart- i
«nents will aid your Christmas buying
nnd at the .same time. prove of Interest
%Ye Invite your attention to the following-
Cut-glass Jardlniere«
Art Novelties Dinner Srts
Clocks G!a*sware
Bric-a-brac Cabinets
Ornaments Statuary
Lamps Mirrors
I- rench and English China.
In the Picture Department we offer
pome particularly choice and appropriate
f-ugKestions— carbons, water colors, en-
gravings, etchings and oil paintings. All
the latest styles In framing— from the
most ♦•xpeasive to the simplest and
cheapest.
We Invite you to make your selection
row for Christinas delivery.
S. &G. GUMP CO.,
118-115 Geary Street.
[§i 70 Years' Success^
pSj In every quarter of fhc Globe. ESjf
|DrCCBRISTOL S§
SARSAPARILU
tend PILLS 5
ft Prompt, Nerful Purifiers ft
4S(V VERY BEST OF ALL '^Bfll
■ftBLOCDAV; LIVER CIEAWERS.WjffI
>^ THE LEADING DKUGGISTsTj^
iv 3- OR JORDAN great 4
Jhuseuh OF ANATOMY
0 C^ :::iiusii?cT.ir. z.to± i '
\ S» c Lar j«^t Ar.r.i r...cii Minrtm in the \
C H3PS Wrwid V.fjir.r-f> , r any rontractrd A
9 ISj !>ipfui.nifniifL(*i Estj»r«arv Q
4 il 2?S 0R - 'WaWI-»«'VATE DISEASES 4
A Wslsl*m t-OBiultation fr*e *i<3 ttrirtly private \
9 I J&"^XH '"•■' I ' tnl I*r»nn»li r or by letiet. A J
TS 7ni HaJnm Cur* in every cateur.denalien. T
St I 'W« w >it*for ' ■•■••-••»■•■* »tl
U ll ■mnUliß, MAILfcD UL£. (Af
A tl ll »» : '-»-'': txwk for Dim; \
*mi NNks>AJI a « «► . BM Maisatai -f f
Sano-Rio Th» r»»ut!tt
rfn r B Q n "■ Wpß3 wofrrn rT " :t «
CWi 11 B Hi' u%.l^J >• k.,.t «%«.
THE HOME REMEDY T f i"!""'
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS rt£i*u?2s
to «TT.f trr «:i thi->« ri:r«, a.isß'i.u and <ljSlrult^» no
rfm»iy .« «rth Sano-iiiol,, ..,.;,«. Urllere*
A"_,j/\V» HI in'.nuti*. l'rnra|.t!j r. ,r,.» ll. .,:«'(-.
bbbssmbsm *■•'•■ .. I■-J »• 1 I .:. . Iti Iro A '.». r'wntnen,
Kf<C??S« >>rrou«if»«. fru ml UnpoDdrnry. Carri
5W\. V»» t't'r.tn C .mf-Uitit», Ksrkarh*, !<»»'•. i:r I' mi
(sßy^ VSL l»lir«S"rei.r»»« rip»n«mn«. CWr«T«#j^Y\
{Tl ' 3"dV''* »l>rtu •:■■". \ lt»lUr« the »holtr%lil
STOPS ALL PAifr' 1 " all ihuccist*.
OIUf J ALL I AllVor i.-.>! in t-lun »r»i ;- r <d> r*cM[>t
In ill MINUIIc Il.r l>rfrrluf.. (»ilni! bm«. Cbirtr,
b.- .- bui I ■ .I.U u»k,«:. '. by tli* Owl I'ti.j in.
jS^DR. HALL'S BEINVIOORATOR
f^*| Fl*« hundred reward for any
T *^'W <i;»^ we raiinot rure. T!;i« ffcret
■__ '„ M rrm«-dy »t or* nil loftr*-* In »■*
a^J fcMUI h'.urn, ci:r<-» 1.:..:^:.?.«, Tm{H>.
;i]7i Pjijll ''M"y. Varlcocoie. <;'(norrhrH-n.
Apt! fife', <ik-«-U Firs. KtrirturfH. I»»t
:>r*T... A* *» j*Maiiti'»"d and \»Il waiting cff«-rt«
ot »i!f-»ibuN<» <ir vxcffnts. Sent
froa.]i-«l. n bottle: 3 J.ottlPF. I.".; gu.irantM?d tv
5515J2 ' s>l Addrr^HK lIAM/S MEDICAL IN-
FTITLTn. KS Bmadwar. Oakland. <*ai. Also
Joe ula at IWJ4 Mark<-t «t.. S. K. All private
flteMt « quickly cured, a Send for fi>* iKKik. .
DDTTCLfITQ rnn nAnnnns. bak-
DAU OiiilO
br-'ioea, Mlllard t«t>lp«,
tr»-»« it. t<ookl.iridcrn, ratxly-fnakera. cannrrn.
<I>-«t». fluur tniliF. loundrle*. l:iun«lrl«>a. |iap*r-
baaccn, prlntnv. ..■.••... r ho^ factories.
Ui-I'li-mta. tai-ri»r.f»j>. t»nn«ri«. tailors etc
BUCVAN4N I'.ltOS..
Brut.h Manufacturers. oo« Sacramento St
patents! ij
i ii ii q n
PATENTS 1
330 MARKET bT. Sf .^>Sttfr
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
AND WASHINGTON STS -R e .
itindHeiJ and rraovatcd. KINO. WARD A
CO. nurcpran plan. Hooms, l'>c to $1 io day
Uto S1)S 1 ) w.'t-k; f& to ?:'i month. Free l*aths; hot
nnd cold water «v«Ty room; Bra crate* In every
!■;.!. fU-vhtor iui>i all i.ipht.
mrr nnifl ■ C®"*" Fourth and
1A L UI I V A I Slarket. S. F. Try
CAFE ROYAL our f»..-rial Brew
WI 1 1 &. lIKJ I 1 1 1— - c O> ercoata and
Val!»ea checked fre*.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. IIcTVINALD.
WholesaJ* D»aJer and Shipper of Colt*.
crnca ■ foujoai BX.
POINT RICHMOND IS TRANSFORMED.
\(/£'-i£.KAL r/ew QfTHz nEw WfiAfij/z.
WHERE is Point FUchmond?
v \ >( fj Most people know that It is
\fy/ the l.ay end of the Valley
road, but not one In a thou
sand could tell you just where on the
eastern shore of the bay It is located.
The general idea is that It la a long
way .... fact is that It is only
seven miles from the ferry slip at the
foot of Market street, only two and a
half miles farther than the Oakland
mole, but nearly a mile nearer than
Tihuron. When you get to Point Rich
mond, San Francisco appears to be
only a few miles away, all of the
prominent buildings being plainly dis
tinguishable.
At present Point Richmond is a busy
place, for work on the big wharf now
being constructed for the Valley road
is being pushed with all possible speed.
Hundreds of men are employed and
the biggest plledrlver ever used in the
State hammers away lay and night.
To reach the Point at this time is
rather a long journey. The Southern
Pacific will take you to San Pablo and
from there a four-mile drive is neces
sary to reach the terminus of the Val
ley road. At San Pablo the Valley
road crosses the Southern Pacific on
a fine steel viadurt and crosses the
lr>vv lauds to the hills at the edge .if
the bay on a roadlx d built several feet
above high-water mark.
The hills on the bay shoe are
plrrced by a tunnel MR feet long,
through which the roadbed is laid.
CONSPIRACY THE
CHARGE AGAINST
ELLEN STOUDER
Goodale Estate Again
in the Courts.
♦
PEREGRINATIONS OF A NOTE
•
CITIZENS OF CONTRA COSTA
CONTEST A PETITION.
♦
Various citizens of Contra Costa who
have been entangled in the litigation
over the estate of the late David Goodale
through the peregrinations of a promis
sory note secured by a mortgage yester
; day lied grounds of opposition to the pe
tition for the distribution of the estate
properties. In their pleadings they
charge the widow of til- deceased, Ellen.
E. Stouder, and her children, David
Goodale, Robert Goodale and Ella May
Camp, and her father, J. \V. Bachelder,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
-77-,
For nil stages of
COLDS
l'lrxi »lus«'. easy to "break up" —
feeling of lassitude, chilliness, yet
flushed face and heat In head, lameness
and soreness in limbs and bones.
Second ••liiso, cure takes longer —
headachy; thirsty, yet water don't taste
right; fullness over eyes and nose; easy
Sowing discharge from nose; dryness, I
scrapy raw feeling in throat.
Third *«ntr«*« is the full develop-
ment Of the disease and requires per-
sistent treatment, but always yields to
"77"—it may be La Grippe, or a Stub-
born Cold; Influenza, or Catarrh; Sore
Throat or Diphtheria; Bronchitis or
Pneumonia.
Manual si nil Dlrcohcs sent free-
For f<alr by all drujtEUta. or sent on receipt
of price, Sic or five for $1 00.
Humphreys' Homeopathlo Medicine Co.. oor-
nei William and John su.. New York.
RAUWAV'S KKAUV KELILIf baa stood
! unrivaled before the public for SO years urn a
l'aln ilemedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colda, Sore Throats, Influenza, Uron-
chltls. Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache Throat*. pains. Internally
chltla, Pm-unioiiia Kheumatlsm. Neural«la,
Ilmdach'. Toothache and all palm. Internally
lor Malaria and all Bowel l'ains.AU druggists.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1800.
Modern Engineering Has Made
Its Rocky Bluffs Ready fop
Tracks of Valley Road.
the track crosses a lagoon for
• 1000 feet, flnully rca< hing Point
Richmond.
In its natural state Point Richmond
i an Ideal place for a railroad.
The ltd— wire steep and rocky and
was not n flat spot ten feet
■quart all around the peninsula. But
all this has In t-n ch;ing< <1. Bjf the
plentiful use of blasting powder the
cliffs have been leveled and spnad out
sci that there la now a level area, about
three acres in «-xt*-nt at the base of
ramontory. On this railway
brack! will be laid, car houses, ma-
chine shops and coal bunkers built ami
the dozen and othor things necessary
to railway opt-ration placed In posi
tion.
But the most Important of all Is the
wharf for the ferry steamers. This is
bow about three-quarters finished, It
Is to be 600 feet long, and COO feet are
all ready for tracks, etc.
The construction of this wharf com
menced on the first day of last month
and has proceeded without Interrup
tion. The work of driving the piles
was Blow, as the substance through
which they had to be driven was
stony. The shortest plies used were
thirty-six feet long, being driven eight
een .feet Into the bottom of the bay.
Those that are now being driven are
eighty feet long and those that will
be put in at the end of the wharf will
be 100, feet long. These piles are said
to be the largest that have ever been
driven in this part of the world, and
■with having entered Into a conspiracy to
retain all of the assets of the estate and
the Income for their use and benefit, to
the exclusion of the opponents of the or
der for distribution, who claim to be le
gally entitled to one-third thereof as the
purchasers and successors In Interest un
der the foreclosure of a mortgage which
is the center of litigation.
A tangled st>.ry <>f transfer of in'
1 in the pleading. Leah A. Potter,
Kelly. F. L. Fish, Simon Ulum and
(iportzi- EUley appear as opponents to the
petition for distribution. In opening their
they sot forth that d. ased left :17»
In Contra Oosta County and a plea
of land wrested from the Aivarado estate
after considerable litigation. When David
Goodale died be left no will and one-third
of his property went to ins widow, two
thirds to his children. Bubeequently Mr-.
Goodale married <> C. Btouder, and on
April I, i*v>. wishing to raise funds she
mortgaged her undivided one-third Inter
est in ber d.-re:i>,-ii husband's estate to
M.iri-i A Kiley. The mortgagee «!i.-d, and
in ber will named L. C weuenmyc
cutor af I i I!.- oonunenoed an
action t" Coredosfl ;h.- mortgage ai
Mrs. Btouder, Joining George H Bcam
mon, administrator of the estate of •> >■
Btouder, who died In 1889, and J
Col ton, assignee in Insolvency of .Mr-.
Btouder, who had failed for *■»»."
defendants. In October of IBM ■ decree
of foreclosure was awarded by the court
and the property ordered Bold During
thi' F.-ile |tl4i was bid for the property
by Thomas, Mary. John and Jane Kelley,
Kliz.ibeth Elearaslee, Josephine I\<'H<".
and Qeorge Riley. Thomas Kelley Imme
diately conveyed his Interest for a val
uable consideration to 1" L Fish and
Sini".i Wum. John Kelley sold his inter
est to Leah A. Potter, and Josephine K«i
■ i. conveyed her share to
Elizabeth I Blnce that time all
of the Interest* have l n conveyed and
• : until a ftna'l army ..;
tra Costa citizens have a hold on the
estate.
Prom 'li" facts of the transfers of the
property the plaintiffs lead up to their
.- First, they ask that the ac
count of the administratrix bo
lowed in toto. In this account riaims for
family allowance and school bills, togeth
er with the claim of James <':uii|>. auKi'-
patlnK S6W7 80, are contested <>n th>
i that they are "sham" expennes
are placed on the account fov the
; purpose of furthering the conspiracy
complained of. The conspiracy had it-*
origin, they allege, at the time of a tiling
against the ••xeeutrix by her
father. J. w. Bachelder, who claimed
1 t >mt sh«- had Illegally pained possession
rtain holdings included in her inter
est in the estate of her deceased tlrst hus
band. Judgment was rendered in his
favor, they alleged, with the consent of
the defendant, in order to prevent th>
sale of the distributive Interests under
the decree of foreclosure. Later, they ai
lege, in order to further defeat them.
Mr< Btouder petitioned for s homestead
on the pi.»ce of property on whloh the
was living, which was included in the
mortpnted property. To further oompli
matters the San Francisco ;>■
Joanuln Hallway Company condemned a
portion of. the property for Its line, and
this hns passed to other narties since
that time. In conclusion they pray that
the petition for distribution be denied;
that Mrs. Stoudcr be eomDelled to pay
them Wll M for taxes on the property
under the mortpage: that she be charged
with ll^"" 1 paid her father under the Judg
ment, with $4'>fl paid her attorney, and
that her entire account of 114,510 be dis
allowed and charged M ■ valid claim
against her on the ground that the va
rious items thereon were Illegally paid.
INVENTORY OF STATIONERY.
Expert Griffin Counting Up Supplies
in the City Offices.
Acting on tho Instructions of Mayor
I'liolan. W. D. Griffin, expert on sup
plies, y.-ptfr.iay visit. -i each department
In the <*lty Hall mid took :m invent' ry
of all th<" Inkstands, pens, paper, pencil*
and stationery In stock. Hi^ report will
be till <1 with thr Board <>f Bupervlson
an<i compan-il with an inventory to bo
t!ik<ri on the first of the rear, it is
thoiixht that this pror.iliiro Will put an
cftVotual pton to tho practice of outsnlns
oflicialß or their subordinates carrjine o£C
lt WSI a dlfflnilt matter to obtain the
ry timber. There will be forty
f . . i of wnt.r at the end of the wharf.
When the wharf is finished it will
)-.\. Blips for both freight and pas
■enfjer •teamen and room for three
!1 ai ■Witches. The depot
building will be of tho most modern
construction.
Just irhen the Valley road will corn
running train? is now a matter
Of duiilH, as the recent heavy rains
will surely interfere with track lay
ir f, But When the trains do run they
will be a great lime saver to the peo-
pie traveling from the interior of the
Bute.
Should a Southern Pacific and a Val
ley road train- each leave San Pablo
nt the same time the passengers on
the former Will have half an hour's
travel by rail before them, after which
they will take about twenty-five min
utes to disembark and cross the bay.
Fifty-live minutes Is the schedule
time.
The Valley road passengers will
travel for only live minutes by rail
from San Pablo to Point Richmond,
where a boat will immediately take
then to San Francisco in twenty-five
minutes, a clear saving of nearly half
an hour.
The work on the new wharf at Point
Richmond i.- being done by the Thom
son Bridge Company or this city and
the contractor* nay that it will be
ready to handle passengers Just as
soon as the engines begin to haul cars
over the roadbi-d.
■whatever stationery suited .their pleasure.
That this system of carrying off prop
erty which belongs to tho city has been
In vogue for years li ■ matter of common
talk among the officials of the City Hall.
The Inventory will also be taken to ascer
tain the needs of the different offices In
the way of stationery. Many of the
otllces will be found sadly deficient In
that commodity, notably the Sheriff's
office, which has been compelled to use
old blanks that hail been discarded by
Sheriff Martin's predecessors.
BROKEN DOWN MEN
Men With Lame Backs, Pains in the Shoulders
and Hips, Loss of Vigor and Youthful Fire, May
Regain the Power of Youth.
To feel young again! To realize the joyous sparkle of nerve life as it infuses the body
with its glowing vitality; to feel the magnetic enthusiasm of youthful energy; to be
happy, light hearted and full of joyous impulses; to be free from spells of despondency,
from brain-wandering, from the dull, stupid feeling; to
£&£* have confidence, self-esteem and the admiration of men
Q*J*i<SS^r"^N and women! Such is the wish of the broken-down man,
y^^^^V^/r^^^^ and it may be gratified.
\Z ~"a~~^^^ \y Nature has provided a means of regaining health and of curing all
>^>^ iiigi^^ those effects of hard usage in past years. Nature has given me Electricity,
"itm^v x- .m*^ and after twenty years of study, I have perfected an appliance which I
As^iA d^- McLAUGHLIN METHOD.
HS^^^^^^^v^^^M lie 2 rand> invigorating Electric current is given, to the weakened
nerves and organs and fills them with youthful energy. It makes old men
giIPgJN S.jy ' «S»y young and young men vigorous. It is the essence of vital power, which
7 ' /% s ' iSuW awakens the dormant energies, expands physical strength and elevates it to
My Electric Belt is worn while you sleep. It is unlike all other appli-
V M I cations. I warrant it, oh a bond of S^ooo, to give a strong current as soon
v- 'li J asjt touches the body, to last one year without any expense for repairs or
I^%/t^fi . .. "renewals, not to burn or blister, and to be stronger in /power than any
llS ! "(l?fl • other Electric Belt on earth. It has a perfect regulator and chamois-
§\sffi : I cushion electrodes,
t" aul * — ■ ».*££
' — v ■ I Irf // * A MARVELOUS CURE. ~T :1 FRFF ROOK
~~— - t { ft // Care Karl Fruit Co - i.ns ANGELES. Nov. 21. ISW. • J. I\UIJ D\J\JKI.
-— == — 'SIJ XL' II D^' M - A - McT^AT'CHI.IN Dear Sir: Wh*n I came to you for advice my con- I want you to call If you can
— |J W^m dltlon was Bomethlncr dreadful. huving suffered from Sciatica four years. I doc- ' * and teat it free If Voa cant
Z -^^- BI KM tore] with the bent of B P°?} all * ts and only ? rew T won> *-, Your IJ^lt relieved roe In ! rail >•-. for my boo* which
"■^=£ JtEl £?* on " week an ' ! has so greatly b neflted DM thal lam hlnhly pleased with Us cura- i K U. ; full Information, and Is
~^§i& ki i\ tlve properties. Thanking you for ycur treatment. lam sincerely yours. ' worth IV- to any w»ak nan.
C//^b « W. C. DUNNING. • Sent fre«. clonely scaled.
WT£ A/I A Jl/I/^I AITrHT Il\l 702 Market St., Corner Kearny, San Francisco, and
UIV« 11 \m /A« ITICLA/VUIjlIli^Ill« £■&$ Bttrdick Block, Corner Spring »nd Second Streets; Los Angeles."
» Office hours— B a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES.
SANTA FE JOINS
SOOTHERN PACIFIC
Rumors of a New Rail
road Combine.
WILL DESTROY COMPETITION
AGREEMENT TO TAKE OFF THE
SUNSET LIMITED.
»
Prominent Railroad Men ->ay That an
Allotment Has Been Made of
the Traffic Each Road Is
to Handle.
■■ •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— Representatives of
the Rio Grande Western, Denver and Rio
Grande and Burlington and Rock Island
railroads have been in conference in this
city for several days, ostensibly to discuss
time card matters, but It iy>w appears the
meeting was called to consider much
gravor question;). Ottteials of these roads
declare they have learned particulars of
a secret compact entered into by the
Southern Pacific and Atchlson, Topeka
and Santa Fe railroads, and are convinced
their interests will suffer very severly tf
the allayed compact Is allowed to stand.
The people of California and the Pacitlc
Coast generally are Intensely interested in
this matter) as the effect of the combina-
I tion would be to nullify competition on
' the coast and rob them of the long-her
alded benefits to be received by the c-n
! trance of the Saute Ps into San Fran
! cisto.
It is charged by the officials of the rival
roads that the Southern Pacific agreed to
take off th.- "Sunset Limited, ' which for
merly ran over the Chicago and Alton,
Iron .Mountain and Texas and Pacific rail
roads, In order to give the Santa Fe a
clear Held in first-class travel to South
ern California. It was announced that
this train was temporarily abandoned be
cause of extensive Improvements being
made in the track of the Texas and Pa
cific road, but In point of fact, that line
has never been in better condition than
at present.
A representative of one of the Western
roads said to-day: "While it has been
generally supposed the Santa Fe had suc
ceeded in shutting out the Southern Pa
cific road from participating in first-class
travel to and from Southern California.
the Southern Pacitlc last year actually
carried over CO per cent of this clans of
business.
"The effect <>f this combination is to
practical!] pool California trafflc
conc< .- : ■ > 1 1 s have !■••• :■ made t'. - - the >
em Pacific to the Santa ]•'<• on Boutbern
California business, and the Banta X.'s
demand on San Francisco business nave
also been complied with in the allotment
of larg< pai enger trafflc to that com
pany voluntarily by the Southern i 1i 1
Other concession* were made and ail
> la.-.-. ■ ot business ar..- practically con
trolled t>y the combination.
"Th«- compart provides for the delivery
of special trains to the Santa Pc Com
pany at Chicago only, which shuta OUI tho
H«n.-k Island Company fr>>m participating
in the Raymond and Wbitcomb excursion
business westbounM, that company having
heretofore handled the Etaym<
Whitfomb special trains from Chicago t..
Kansas City, delivering them at that
point to the Santa XV road. Th«r pooling
plan also nulliti.-s existing contract
deliver) ol spei lal trains from California
to the iron Mountain road, as the South
ern Pacific insists oil bauling
trains through to New Orleans. The
ar as to Include
Hi* business don.- t>y ticket scalpei
the Pacific Coast; also military i>u-
"There in n<> doubt the Boutbern I
Is makinf every eftori to Bubsldixe the
Banta F>-. and all appearances Indicate
they have su< eded. This will be a great
blow to the people of San Francisco, who
have regarded the entrance of the ■
boon tor that city, a.- a
matter <•!' tact, ih«- Southern Pacific baa
apparently Increased Ita real power by
making concessions whlrh will pi
the Santa be from off.-rliiK any special
inducements to shippi rs and tr
wh< n Its San FraiH-isco line is ready i^r
bußln<
"There is no douht large diversions of
trattl.- ar.- b« ing made to the Bai
Company by the Southern Pacific, and it
Is believed n per >->rit of the Ban Fran
cisco business and GO per cent of !')■
Southern California business has b-jen
guaranteed that company, even if it has
to be paid over by the Southern fa^
An official ol one of th.- Western roaJs
thus sums the Kftuatlon: "The efforts*
of the Southern Pacific and Banta Fa
DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
Kidney Trouble
Preys Upon the Mind.
Women as Well as Men Suffer and Are Made Miserable
by Kidney and Bladder Troubles.
I 9 fry**-., '••! I
I[l T 1
Thousands of Women Have Kidney Trouble Before They . v pect It.
Kidney trouble preys upon the mind. '
discourages and lessens ambition;
beauty, Vigor and <he. rfulnes^ gradu-
ally disappear when the kidneys are out |
of ord«»r.
Kidney trouble has become so preva- j
lent that it is not uncommon for a child
to be born afflicted with weak kidneys.
Pains, aches and rheumatism come
from excess of uric acid in the '
dii" to neglected kidney trouble.
Ki-lney trouble often causes quick or
idy heart-n.-ats and makes one
thoimh they had heart trouble,
8 the heart is overworked in
pumping thick, ki-l'i-v-poisoned bloud
through the veins and arteries.
Unhealthy urine from unhealthy kid-
neys is the chief cause of bladder trou- i
ble, followed by suffering s«> painful to
many that life Is made miserable.
The bladder is situated In front of
r>.nd Very dose to the womb, and for
that reason any pain, distress, disease I
or inconvenience manifested in the kid-
back, bladder or urinary passage ,
is often by mistake attributed to fe-
male weakness or womb troubls ■:'
some K ort. The error is easily made
and may be as easily avoided by pay- '
mc a little attention to the condition
<.f tlv urine.
Fill a bottle "r common- glass with
your urine anrl 1,-t it stand twenty-fOUT '
hours; a SI linient or settling tad
itn unhealthy condition of the kidneys; |
if it stains the linen it is evides
kidney trouble; t"" frsaueni desire to ■
pass it or pain in the back. dull. I
beadacbi . nervousness, irritability, j
plenty of ambition but no strength, ,
weak circulation, sallow complex •
companies to maintain a position which
practically debars other lines from doing
business as heretofore, to »nd from the
Pacific Coast, except on their terms and
in some cases iriK shut out entirely, has
certainly stirred up lines outside th*> com
bination to a degree which would look as
if a groat transcontinental rate war was
these are all convincing proofs that the
kidneys, and bladder need prompt at-
tention.
The symptoms you have noticed an>
the danger signals nature sets to show
that the track of health Is not clear.
Take the advice of one who has mid*
a life study of Just such conditions and
look well to yourself, because you have
kidney trouble.
Brig] disease, which is destroying
more human lives than any other dis-
ease, may be stealing upon you.
Th- Is comfort In knowing that Dr.
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, the great kidney
remedy, fulfills every wish In promptly
curing kidney, bladder and uric acid
troubles.
Swamp-Root Is the wonderful new
discovery of the eminent kidney spe-
cialist. Dr. Kilmer, and Is used In the
leading hospitals; recommended by
skillful physicians In their private
practice, and Is tak^n by doctors them-
selves who have kidney ailments, be-
cause they recognize in it the greatest
and most successful remedy that medi-
cal science has ever been able to com-
pound.
To prove what Swamp-Root will do
for you, send at once to Dr. Kilmer Si
Co., Blnghamton. N. v.. who will gladly
send you free by mail Immediately,
without cost to you, a sample bottle
Of Swamp-Root and a book of wonder-
ful Swamp-Root testimonials. Ise cur*
to say that you read this article in th •
San Francisco Sunday Call.
Swamp-Root Is for sale the world
over at druggists In bottles of two sizes
and two prices — ."0 cents and $1 Re-
member th- name, Swamp-Root, anil
the address, Blnghamton. N. Y.
among the near possibilities, and If It does
come It will be a hot fight."
Switzerland produces annually nutro
books than any other country. In propor
tion- to the number of Inhabitants, one
Swiss In every 3000 being an author.
910
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS <W* fa
lS ThE /¥fliWt :: T^tW'^ /
SESULT OF tTOp aK^ XV ! v;S ' J» W /
'Jm / \ I
I have washed mycbilds ha! every tree*
Pine* linn. with nara wr.:er&nd CrncrßA
*■ Ai-. *'.-i occoftioi:allv rub in a little CfTI-
(TBA .:••■,■•.:. ::;i I bhe baS tlfvcr l>i'(n
Iwtlierpd witU * n*h or en v scalp huaior }>ecu-
liarto ..:..!.•■.. .\,v. at tue ap>oj thre«and
c:j«h-lf yeamher hair is tine, thick, and 10115,
reaching brlow her waitt whrn standing erect.
OCt.i,lt?S. MIW.O. CiUAHAM,
I'JST Xo. < allfornia Aye., Chicago, lU.
I-n-'.-'t.i:'.*"!'!!..* I '!.' >.-).» aealp It product
%▼ •v- : ..-■■,• <• . ■. • 1:■ -i r» r.irt; C H.hiit<n-
lu»«» iib<~' TlCfK»,|>»r«»tclnn"l!'rr.U. I'btitrrttmrrt
>. n' .fi.iU ■1 ' -:• i.»c»l ■ ». nr.d dendruf,
»-»<h» iritit'd »rd Itrhinit »jrfacr«.4:i«ic'.«t» th* b»lr
j. . .• • . «v] ;i'.y : r rex v • i''.t « - ■ 'Z7 DourubDLDU
Fol*thraarV.outtb««t>r".d. Porri* D. *li^C.Coll^,
S<ucl"r I .i»,i:<-:;-.3. "A'lA''-£U.r: c::;- rail .!».'. "SIT*.
LONG PEACHED."
The Counterfeiter Give Infonnatioin
Which ed to the Arrest of
His Pal.
S»rrrt Service Ac«nis Rrnwnc of Los
iAr.srries and Hazt-n of Snn Francisco have
arro«to«l Herbert Kirk on suspicion of be
ing a "pal" <>f George M. Long, who was
sentenced the other day by I'nited States
District Jsi'lt''" «U- Haven to imprisonment
in the San Qiieatln Penitentiary for the
period ol ihree yean for counterfeiting 15
; •■ m. Long paid that Kirk was his con
federate, and he did not like the Idea of
poing to the penitentiary alone. So. with
thai nice sense of honor thnt dlstin
puishes thieves and other criminals. Long
•"|varh<Ni."
As the :uT.if could flnd nothiiiir ajrainst
K:rk except Long's word, which was not
worth any niorv than his base h:df
ra(^e*. they reported to l/mp that Kirk
had traducM him. Thor«Mip«<n l»nR. be
ing ancry. told thi- asenta that Kirk was
w:int«-d by th<> police of S»:»ttlo for om
|.fZ2l*>ni«>nt. Thi.« proved to l>e th* fact,
and Kirk is imw on his way to Seattle in
charge of an officer.
. ♦ ■
Trarswi"» Ofl earea r!:run-.*tltm it ■ :ralfl»,
Uruj;6i»'*, :•■■■ f»Fk Itt-hardu tc Co. 49C Clay.
■■ m ■
r:>an r Brute.
Manila
1
-
rner J.
FINE FEATHERS— —
—MAKE FINE BIRDS
<^^ wm A Top Coat, made of Fine
rra S |3 Covert Cloth, Gauntlet
B^OlJiP l\l!Pr> -■ ,- C "ff> V^et Collar, Tan
Hvyui^ uilw • ~ Til Sh(tdc ' worn with an Al-
"^l^^fi^^Y Ft?-^^^. ! * * 4 ! I pine Hat ri * yowr chap
' \ J^cOU^^llOW^ *> ''* J i out f° V winter a °out as
r? (Vi;// a^ II 4r^!/^G\ smart as one could imag-
y ■ A"#-+ ]/ .S^^lz^ * ne — we should say rigged
TIT pf sf ['**"&' out as a swell chap should
# ;I_j)^m; 1_j)^m aPpfnf
*Jt Jk^* W X^^ AS PICTURED-BOTH
*4.88
To Fit Chops Between the Ages of 3 and 11 Years.
4_4 _ Lg THIS IS MERELY A CHRISTMAS &
♦ ;E > SPECIAL. THE ACTUAL VALUE OF f= * ♦
I 77/ /;>/•; moi>s WOULD BE $7.35. »
RAPHAEL'S, 1 -
THE FRISCO BOYS,
CORNER KEARNY STREET AND UNION SQUARE AVENUE.
BUTTLE GROUND
TRANSFERRED TO
SAN FRANCISCO
St. Louis Jobbers'
Fight for Trade.
There will bo a general pilertrnage of
representatives of various lines >•! Pacific
Coast business to this city during the
second week of January. The hearing of
the suit brought by the St. Louis Jobb-rs
against the transcontinental railroads
will ..' resumed before the Interstate
Commerce Commissioners in this city on
Monday, nary 15. according to the
present understanding. That is the news
that Tralttc Manager H. D. Loveland of
the Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Main
facturers" Association has Just brougnt
back from the Ea.«t. When the heap
In St. Louis was suspended there was
some doubt whether the engagements of
Commissioner Knapp, who is to lecture
before students, would permit of the
hearing earlier than March.
TnUH Manager Lovpland returned
from the East I'riday night. Revlew'r.g
the proceedings in St. Louis in detail,
yesterday, he said that In saw no reason
for discouragement. In fact, he took a
decidedly cheerful view of the situation.
"The entire proceedings before the
Interstate Commerce Commission up to
dute," he said, "prove that we under
stood the position of the Middle WeSt
Jobbers correctly. Their suit is brousht !
ugaJnst the transcontinental railroads, j
hut the hearing developed the faot com
pletely that they have no complaint
against ;he road* on account of trars
portatlon rates. All that they really are
after 1b to secure the help ot the rail- i
roads to break into the Pacific Coast
territory and hand all the business over
to them. Of course, if they should suc
ceed in their suit, that would mean that
they would kill the business centers of
the Pacific Coast. Pending the re-sui^p
tlon of the hearing in this city the Middle
West jobbers art- doing all the mission
ary- work against us ... can
through the agency of their jobbers. A j
strong attempt is making here to get the
retailers to side in wtth the \li Idle
West. The result of that, if the retaiers
took that course, would be disastrous to
them in the long run. If the Middle West
Jobbers i-nuM got the whole business in
their har.ds they would squeeze the re
tailers whenever it became feasible."
Mr. Lovelund does not think that the
suit of the St. Louis Jobbers can be de
cided in many months. The Texas case
has. not been decided, although it was
heard six months ago. Aft the taking
of the testimony in his city the comnrs
sion will adjourn. Then the rebuttal tes
timony will probably be taken In Was.i
ington, where the arguments will he
heard. The St. Louis people intimated
that they would have one witness to be
heard In San Francisco. The proceed
ings here will probably occupy about ton
♦lays. The work of preparing the testi
mony will new be pushed witTi great en
ergy. All linos of business will be repre
sented; all sections of the coast will send
representatives to testify.
The Pa rifle ('oast jobbers and manufac- !
turers are not concerned about the time
that may be consumed in the proceed
ings. Until the suit is decided th» exist
ing conditions, which are acceptable to
thorn, will cr ntlnue. Mr. Loveland says
he thinks that the Pacific Coast will win i
the cane before the Interstate Commerce
("nmmissiorers on the testimoy. Very
likf-ly the Supreme Court of the United
States will finally decide. If the sun la !
decided against the St. Louis jobbers
they will certainly appeal to the Supror-e
• '"iirt. Assuredly the Pacific Coast peo
ple will appeal if the decision is adverse ;
to them, i.pon the grounds previously
mentioned in The Call. Th.-re will t.e
ten days of hard work in this city in
January-
Lecture .in Academy of Sciences.
A* the regular meeting of the A carl
emy of Science? Monday nisht J. M.
Hutching* will d»llv««r an illustrated ]*<•
ture on "Wanderings in th*» High Sierras
With n Can, era."
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SCNDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1899.
ADOLESCENT LOVE OF A LOS ANGELES ELDER
Why the Scion of an Aristocratic Family Forsook His Happy Home.
NOW and then happens some
thing out of the ordinary in the
f player folk, and that
something recently occurred in
the Frawley company, now playing at
the California. What that something
If no one seems to know. It looks and
nets like a real man and answers to
-me of A. Harvey Elder
Klder la a scion of one of the lean
ing families of the City of Angels and
his recent debut on the professional
prompted by no necessity of
earning his own living. On the con
trary he has such a plenitude of this
that he deems it proper
that some one should help him spend
them.
That some one dawned upon the un
eventful horizon of his existence some
months ago when Pearl Landers made
her first appearance with Frawley at
the beginning of his recent eight
engagement In Los Angeles.
A. Harvey attended the opening
night, saw the lovely Pearl and awoke
to the fact that his destiny was before
him.
There waf< the living, breathing, pal
pitating reality of the Ideals his
fancy had created. Thfre waa the
flower that had blossomed from th.
seed of his imagination. He would
pluck it and wear it next his heart.
THE STEEPLECHASE.
The success c* the Coney Island novel
ties at the Steeplechase continues un
nbated. The wild beasts on the Roman
Carrousel ara « great attraction to the
children, and old and young never fall to
ride the swaying razzle-dazzle. Much in
terest is displayed over the Thanksgiving
turkey shoots.
■ ♦ ■
Ividlfß" uUlor-made suit*, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. 11. Rothschild. 214 Post st. •
cost what it misht. Pc ;rl lenders
should be his l>ride though he bra Ted
all peril and his lather.- slipper to win
her. True, she was .t m^n child, fif
teen years '>;.i. But what mattered
that? Was not he a man? <'ould not
he protect and guide her path I
Hfe and bear her over the rough
places .' i-ii her foot against
: se to what -"urpo^' had he
lived the life of a man of the world
for nearly eighteen long years. Pearl
Landera must be his. He had deter
mined upon it. and his determination
was at once signalised by activ< oper
a lions aß.i'.nst tho citadel of her maid
enly affections.
The investment commenced at one»
and waa signalized by a tierce floral
bombardment.
Pearl would awake In the morning;
to find flowers at her door, flowers
were at her plate each meal, flowers
found their way to her dressing room
and fell upon her in perfect showers
over th« footlights. This continued
for eight weeks, or until the company.
concluding its engagement in the
pouth, moved up to this city. Then
for a time the infatuated Klder was
lost sight of as completely aa he is in
the ball seeno when he gets behind
Mary Van Hur.-n. Hut. as he emerges
from obscurity in the turnings of the
GADSKI TO SING
WAGNERIAN MUSIC
HERE IN MARCH
Will Bring Damrosch
Here Also.
TIVOLI OPERA SEASON CLOSES
FERRIS HARTMAN IS ONCE MORE
IN OUR MIDST.
Of very great musical Interest Is the
information that Mm<>. Gadskl, who was
so much admired whi.e appearing here
with the Melba company, has decided to
visit this city next March and Rive a
series of "U'aKnerian and operatic con
certs. She will he assisted by Walter
Damrosch. who will Rive some "Wagner
lectures, and Rispham, the famous bary
tone. It is also likely that Anton Schott
will assist In these concerts. Mme. Oads
ki has proven herself to be a vocalist of
much refinement and an artist of great
ability. She will be received with delight
by the many admirers whom she gained
during her stay here.
• • • - • . .
And so the grand opera season at the
Tlvoll Is at an end and with it the reign
of Qaudenslo Ralassa. That this was one
of the most satisfactory operatic seasons
Ran Francisco das ever had no one will
deny. Seventeen weeks of grand opera
and each week a great financial an well
as artistic raccaM speaks well indeed for
the ta.Me of our public. This season was
a sort of <'lv. EUlonal course which proved
very beneficial to those anxious to be-
COme acquainted with the Kl eater works.
During this seaaon San Francisco has re
ceived h better presentation of grand
opera than any American city outside of
New York and for a price of admission
within the reach of everybody. The music
lovers of this town ought to feel grateful
toward the Tlvoli for giving them such
excellent opportunities.
Yesterday I met Ferris Hnrtman. who
has returned from his Knstern engage
ment. Me Is looking better than ever and
Is "feeling fine." he says. He is very glad
to be back ie tin in Frisco among his old
friends and countless admirers and thinks
that he Is in Jus) as X ,.0.l (rim .is tie was
before he left, if nntn t better. While the
Tivoli is undergoing rejuvenation Ferris
Hartman will be busy shaking hands. Tie
had some good engagements while he was
In New York, but resigned In order to
respond to the Tivoli's call.
Much Interest ip taken ln the romle
opera hy H. J. Stewart and Peter Robert
son, which will he presented at the Grand
Opera-house to-morrow evening. It is a
very melodious work and the Idea of the
plot is very clever. Stage Manager Jones
will introduce a march that will dazzle
the eyes of the, spectator*, There ought
to be a packed house to-morrow evening
for the purpose of greeting this success
ful local work.
• • •
An evening of «n np will be Riven by
Mrs. J. K. Birmingham at Sherman &
flay Hall nrxt Tuesday evening. This
ahle vocalist win i, P assisted hy Harry
Glrard, the accomplished barytone from
New York. Among the songs which Mr.-v
Birmingham is to sing will he composi
tions by Sehnhert. I,alo, Massenet, Hahn.
Nevin. Chadwlck, Bosworth and Vaccai.
Those who arimiro art from an elevating
point of view will no doutit greet this
newa with delight, for whatever Mrs.
Birmingham undertakes Is sure to be
worthy of attending.
* • • •
The advance sale for the symphony
concert which will take place at the
Orand Opera-house next Thursday after
noon is surprisingly large. The demand
for seats was so that within a few
hours from the opening of the sale not
a choice seat was to be had. Henry
Holmes says he is very much pleased
with his orchestra and Is confident that
the musicians will do splendidly next
Thursday. The members of the orchestra
are delighted with Mr. Holmes" conduct
ing and think him fully capable of wield
ing the baton. Thus it seems that we are
at last to have some more excellent
symphony concerts.
A LFRED METZGER.
Dr. Parker's CMmA Cure. One doae will atop
a cough. Never falla. Try It. All drustfsU. •
dance on the stage, so did he finally
again dawn on the sight of the com
pany.
With th* opening of the Frawley
season in this city the Elder was again
In evidence. Not as a spectator, how
ever, but as an actor himself. At
every performance where supernumer
aries are needed it Is customary for
Mr. Frawley to apply to one of the lo
cal dramatic schools to supply them.
He did so in this city and among the
bunch that was sent him was the Los
Angeles hero, who had followed the
troupe to this city and taken that
means to remain near the lady of his
affections.
Frawley. seeing; no harm In the
youths silent adoration, allows him to
go on at a dollar a night, appareled in
a dress suit and a state of ecstasy. He
has no speaking part, but as he looks
unutterable things it Is just as well
that he be not allowed to talk. He has
done so well, however, in the dance
scene that Mr. Frawley has it in mind
to Introduce him as a specialty la one
of the company's later pieces.
In the meantime Mrs. Landers keeps
a sharp eye oa her daughter, and an
irate father in Los Angeles is oiling a
trunk strap and promising his friends
that a calf will be slaughtered when
the prodigal returns.
SABBATH DAY
NOTICES OF
THE MUMMERS
THE SPORTING DUCHESS has run
its course at the California and has
been criticized as a whole and piece
meal lons days since. The end of the
week leaves little to be Mid about villain
and villainess, misunderstandings and
misunderstood. Boiled down, it is thu
same old story, but a play is not thor
oughly boiled down until the oyster hour
Then one may reflect and realize that the
evening gave pleasure, which consisted
principally of a sprinkling of Bnapplly
clever lines, a few bits of real comedy a
group of player folk all pleasant to meet
and Miss Van Huron.
For Miss Van Buren picks herself out
from the many by a character sketch that
is not quite like any other that ever stood
for an adventuress. She plays Vivian
Parville neither snaklly nor dashingly,
as is the way Of the stage sinneress, but
with the steel glint of satire that is as
masculine as she is feminine. She toys
lightly, daintily with the stupid littl«»
people who make up this world, and then
she laughs and forgets. This is not what
the authors Intended, mind. They Insist
ed upon Vivian's making a scene, and
they would not allow her to satirize her
self when foiled. They called for a cut
Sterling Silver Novelties
Our sterling silverware is all guaranteed
925-1000 fine and our prices are consistent
with the superiority of the goods — every
article is full value.
Owing to the extent of the stock we merely
mention a few of the many items that are
suitable for Christmas gifts:
Hat pins 25c Storking darners 75c
Sewing wax 25c Letter openers 7.V
Emerys 35c Dressing combs 607000 c
Bookmarks 35c Buffers 95c
Moustache combs 50c Glove stretchers $1.50
Shoe hooks 50c Hat rim brushes 1.00
Nail files qoc Bonnet brushes 1.50
Shoehorns t;nc Hat brushes 2.50
Tooth brushes 50c Hair brushes 2.50
Salve jars 50c Comb and bru<;n
Pen holders 60c .... ... ...
Pencil tops 60c tollet artlcles and desk sets ln
Scisssos 75c sM lined boxes in various
Curling irons 75c designs.
Cut Glass Articles
sterling silver mounted — all at very low prices:
Pungents Ink stands Salve jars
Flasks Salt bottles Powder boxes
Mucilage bottles Cologne bottles Etc.
Also a large assortment of sterling silver mounted, genuine
ebony toilet articles.
Ribbon Special
No. 60. 4 inches wide, all silk taffeta ribbon
in all colors at
20c a yard.
129 Kearny St.
Write for our new illustrated catalogue.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IMPORTED
DRESS FABRICS!
' THREE NEW LINES this week,
all very appropriate for HOLIDAY
PRESENTS.
PLAIN and POLKA-DOT SILK-STRIPED
CHALLIES, exclusive designs, and all new
colorings, suitable for house gowns and
waists.
Price, 85c yard.
NOVELTY FRENCH DRESS PATTERNS, a
veru large assortment of latest weaves and
colorings, in raised stripes and silkcreDon
effects, Prices— s7.so, 58.50, 513.50, 5:7.50, 5:0.09 and
521:0 Dress Pattern.
GENUINE ENGLISH OXFORD GRAY CHEV-
IOTS, HOMESPUNS and CAMEL'S HAIR,
48 to 56 inches in width, Prices — sioo, 51.25,
51.50 and S2.OJ per yard.
note.— a magnificent assortment of
NEW FEATHER BOAS, in Natural, Black and
grau, all lengths, from 18 to 72 inches.
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
and-dried adventuress. But Miss Van
Buren 1b a hint to playwrights.
More than two years hro Francis Pow
ers, then an unknown actor, saw what
everybody saw and painted It as nobody
had dared to paint it. It was Chinese life
In the heart of our city.
He has looked again and has found an
other picture that lies under all our eyes.
Mexican life has been daubed upon many
a blotchy canvas, but It has awaited the.
hand of the artist. Monday night at the
Alcazar will show whether It has at last
found an interpreter.
Brethren. I am requested to announce
that this belns: Sunday the California will
present a new attraction by the Frawleys
—"An Enemy to the Klnsr." The Or
pheum likewise will change Its bill, and
at the Alhambra "Mr. Plaster of Paris"
will appear.
If the bitter blasts of winter can be shut
out from the Tlvoll. then will the week of
repairs be worth while. Artistic enjoy
ment shrivels when the grippe is creeping
up a»nd down one's spine.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
IT IS WONDERFUL
That 75 cents will buy this
handsome oak stand — but then
we are always offering some
startling value.
THE J. NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
WI7-1023 M/SS/O/V STffeer,
fibov* Slxtl).
Plan* gaath I*. Op«a Im'ni.
Imitation
Eye=Glasses,
TnE GOOD FOLKS Venn TIIT TO COPT
our clip have failed because th^jr don't knnw
our method of fitting them. They're th* only x
firm and easy rrlp ever made— becoming an 4 '
accurate; 10 c»nts.
Ocullut*' prescript tons fll>d. Quirk rvpalrtox.
Factory on premises. Phone, Main 10.
OPT.C I ANS^ OI^^ i=^
642 Market St. i"MP.u*fm
A 1 Plated Ware
Bargains.
It's Worth Vonr
Coming Just to See.
Great American lipirtiii Tea Ci
Stores Evcrj where.
zoo Stores.
; <»♦«-—^» ><t
♦ The luxury, comfort, .convenience !
» cui.ln* and moderate cbarces tmvi !
rumlne and ra<*lerat« charce* aavi
Klven the " I
; PALACE and |i
♦ GRAND :
" hotel* a reputation that In known wh«r. !
ii ever tIM i Ki>«lt..!i !an| ™ a « •■ spoken I
I 1 Connected by a covered Plummy- I
ii 1400 room^-0.« with bath.. ay f
\ JOHN' C. KIRKPATniCK. Manajrer. " *
Weekly Call.sl.oo per YearPages II to 20
SCANDAL BRINGS WAR
TO THE SCHOOL BOARD
Bergerot Accused of Treachery
by Disgusted Schemers.
Piot of Seven Members to Load Fourteen
Useless Teachers on the Department.
A Dream of Power.
Thaa so long been
i
■
■
I
■
■
■ ■
■
■
-
*"~>ard has
I
:.
-
re not
i
■
■
■
■
FIRST REGIMENT
IS PRACTICALLY
IN THE SERVICE
>
The Officers and Men
Report Back.
♦
Th« muster rolls of the twelve com
plies of the First lU"giment of National
Guard have been pent to regimental
headquarters in accordance with orders
and in turn duplicates of these have been j
forwarded to division headquarters and
to lieaoquarters at Sarramcntn, en that
practically that organization Is once more
a part and parcel of the Second Hrigade,
as It was before the war. but numeri
cally not so strong.
Twelve officers of the field and staff re
ported and the several companies have
the following numerical strength as per
muster rolls: A 12. li 55. C CB. D 32. E £2.
F 78. G Cl, H Cl. I C 2, X 51. L 50 and M 62.
These, with seven officers who had re- j
ported previous to the return of the First
California Volunteers, makes a total of
C!t\ Company D has prepared a supple- !
mental roll, which will swell its number;
to the minimum required by law before
a company can obtain allowance from the
State.
± This number will be Increased as soon
as arraj'.K* mints can be made as to the
baud. Then- is some difficulty in regard
to that portion of the organization as to
the number of men who are to bo en
liMed, but that muy be arranged in a few
days.
It Is expected that orders from supe
rior headquarters will bo received in a
few days officially declaring the existence
of The First itcgiment of Infantry. As
coon *» that siiail have been done re
quisitions for uniforms and equipments
will bo issued to the uniform board, hut
hn far as uniforms are concerned, it looks
as if that would b«- a waste of time and
military energy, for the uniform board j
without requisitions has already secured
the uniforms; and it will simply have to
«i>-:.l ti,«m «>ut when they are dellvercdJ
The n. Xt thing In order will be the call
for the eluctlon of officers of the line, thai
Is captain*, and lirst and second lieuten
ants. Then It is. If statements are to be
relied ujton. that there will be fun in the
«rm.»ri<"s. Many of the men aro still de
termined, it is asserted, to be in a mood
to play for even. ;ik has already been an- |
nounced In The Call. The expected \
< hans- In the line officers may bring
about nn unexpected « hango In the fleM j
and staff officer*, because it is not known \
now who will be who. and it Is impossible
to tf:i« ss what th" fooling will br toward I
i !)<■(.<• who are now field ar.d staff officers, j
X.fore the tlm" for that flection arrives
It \h possible that the Attorney General
may be asked t<» f'v hi.* opinion as to .
lirigadier General James V. Smith, who
T was colonel of the First Regiment at the
time of enlistment in the volunteers, and
us to Major Hugh T. Sime, who was one
of the majors of the pajne regiment, and
are ptill in the volunteer service. The At- '
torney General will probably be asked If i
- - ■ ■ ■ ■ ..-.■''.,
mcnt. Vacancies In the substitute Hit
wire to be tilled from the unasslgned list
In the same manner.
After Mveral modifications the existing
Faluilrs for substitutes were, established.
Each substitute receives a dollar for
every day she reports and 5. 50 for every
day she works. Teachers on the ur.as
signed list receive pay only when they
work. The arrangement was eminently
fair and received the approval of those
Inn-rested In school reforms. It worked
well for a while and then the • . Mit ra
began to plot. They saw an opportunity
to elect some of their friends to the de
partment.
One of the strongest rules adopted by
th.; board Is that which compels a
toach^r. after she hai left the substitute
list and has l>e»-n assigned to a class, to
serve a probation of uno year before she
can be elected a regular teacher. Dur
ing the year several vacancies have ac
curred in the regular corps. These va
cancies have not b*>en tilled, as the
schemers of the board were waiting to
capture their prize. Substitutes are tem
porarily serving the closses. but the regu
lar positions have been left in the air
for the play which Kemp attempted.
There are now eight of such positions
which should be filk>d not by substitutes,
but by probationary teachers under the
condition of a year's probation.
Whil^ the substitute list has thus be^n
reduced, none of the seven unassigiud
:ea« h.Ts have been promoted. They have
been purposely kept back because tne
board has no power to appoint ■ K-acher
to an unaselffned position in the depart
ment. Having thus carefully prepared
the ground, the schemers began thrlr ac
tual work for the raid. Directors Arm
strong. Cole. Conlon. fledge. Head. Kemp
and Bergerot btgan to explore. Fheae
worthy rm-mbers of the board constituted
the original solid seven who elected the
president. Then Head was turned 'lown
and out of the chairmanship of tho com
mittee on supplies and deserted the
clique. Hut events change conditions and
he is back in the fold.
It was seen that if sections 1«». IC<5. 167
and ICS could be amended by eliminating
the probationary condition of nn election
to a regular position in the department
the trick could be turned. Any substitute
or unassorted teacher could then be
elected to a regular position. The prin
ciple of priority of appointment could be
destroyed and the vacancies in the regu
lar department could be tilled as tne
directors Faw fit. This was th.- first ad
vantage. Those substitutes now serving
regular classes would be forced back to
the substitute list and others appointed
later to the department -would not only
take their pla^o*. but would be protected
by regular appointment.
This would pave the way for the second
part of the ecr.eme. By filling the vacan
cies in the regular corps and Juggling
with the substitute and unasslgned lists
it was estimated that fourteen teachers
could be elected to the department. The
seven members agreed to the arrange
ment. Then Director Kemp Introduced
the resolution that was to complete the
deal. To his horror lWgerot made his
sensational protest. Secretary tnpson,
who knew of the entire affair, nearly
dropped from his chair In astonishment.
I?t-rp<-rot was he last member of the
board from whom to expect such a stand.
Something might be feared from the
minority, but they had been lulled off
th«4r guard by being told that the re
ni^sinn of the probationary condition
was only Just to the teachers, some of
whom had served months In steady serv
ice. But Rerp«>rot upset It all, and now
the School Board Is not a happy family.
under the Chenowith bill these two posi
tions can remain open Indefinitely, as it Is
not known wh^n either will return to this
city, as one is Military Governor of Ne
pros Island and the other has re-entered
the volunteer service after his regiment
was ordered home. As to the latter. Ma
jor Sime. it is claimed by some that he
comes under the ruling of the Attorney
General to the effect that an officer severs
his connection with the National Guard
on accepting a commission in the volun
teer service of the United States, because
at the time his ••..•■ was ordered
home it was practically in the National
Guard by virtue of the Chenowith act.
l>ut that when the major did not return
but continual in volunteer service under
another appointment he went out of the
punrd. Others are of the opinion that his
service in the volunteers la continuous,
and that he cannot be said to have quit
the guard. As to Brigadier General
Smith, then- Is considerable doubt. When
the regiment was ordered home he was
no longer one of it* officer?, but was brig
adUr of volunteers and he is still in the
service as a volunteer from the National
Guard of California; not havinK been re
lieved or ordered home. His commission
as colonel of the First Regiment of the.
Guard drtes not expire until 1301. Fill
friends claim that he cannot be declared
out of the puard. and that under the act
quoted ho will have 150 days in which to
return to his command after returning to
this city and being mustered out.
Major General Dickinson; Colonel Cluff,
assistant adjutant gmrral on the dvlsion
stnff; Colonel McCarthy, surgeon of the
division naff; Major Narboe, engineer offi
cer on the staff of Hrlgadler General Mul
ler, and the adjutant general of the State
visited the encampment site at Santa
Cruz last Friday. They decided that It
was Just the place on which the Nation
al Guard of the State can hold Its en
campments.
This visit has brought up the subject of
encampment for 1900. and there is talk of
trying t.i Induce the commander In chief
to call a division encampment so that all
the organizations of the guard may meet
at the same time. Those who favbr this
proposition are of the opinion that It
would be better to have such an encamp
ment Instead of having brigade or regi
mental encampments, because the major
ity of the men have had experience and It
Is better thai they should be instructed
.<«. a whole instead of separate bodies
Those organizations that were unable
to practice at skirmish by reason of the
stormy weather or Inability to secure a
proper ranpe have had the time in which
to do so extended until the. 31st of next
January.
On recommendation of the, commander
f.f the Naval Militia. Lieutenant Douglass
White has been ordered to report to Cnp
taln Hawley of the I'nlted States shin
Hartford to Join the cruise on that ves
sel. This was In response to an Invita
tion from the Navy Department. It Is r
handsome compliment to that branch of
California's National Guard. The lieu
tenant will take: careful observations dur
ing the cruise, and he hopes that what he
will learn will b« of great value to the
militia.
Cecil C. Dennis, lieutenant of the First
Division of the Naval Militia, has, at his
own request, been placed on the retired
list. Donald M. Stewnrt has been elected
ensign of «he Third Division of the Naval
Militia, vice Mc.N'car. term expired The
iilvi*ional officer* of the militia are ex
amining the petty officers as to wigwag
signaling and other duties generally ~ with
a view to rating them in January' next
The examinations will close on the 10th
lnst.
There will soon he an election for line
officers In the Seventh Regiment of In
fantry, and It Is reported that many of
the men of that organization also propose
to "get square" with line officers for their
conduct during the time that they were in
the volunteer service.
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1899.
COLORED TROOPS SAIL ON THE
WARREN FOR THE PHILIPPINES
THE transport Warren pot away
for Manila yesterday with two
battalions and the headquarters
and band of the Forty-ninth In
fant (colored). The men marched In
from the Presidio, arriving at the
transport wharf about noon. All the
belles of colored society were down to
see the soldiers away, and there was
not an officer but had at least two
ladies there to Id him good-by. Near
ly all the officers are colored, and as a
rule the men take kindly to the inno
vation. There were exceptions, how
ever, and one soldier went aboard un
der arrest for threatening his superior.
It happened as tho first battalion was
marching down the wharf. A second
lieutenant (colored) ordered the ranks
to close up. One of the men failed to
respond and the officer touched him
with his sword and told him to close
up. The soldier grasped his gun by
the barrel, and. turning on the officer,
said. "Touch me with your sword
again and I'll break every bone in
your body." lie was promptly placed
under arrest.
There was considerable delay in get
ting the men aboard the transport, and
during the delay the band played a
Cakewalk. Immediately every soldier
within hearing began to fidget; then
GARRISON AT
PRESIDIO TO
BE INCREASED
Last of the Volunteers
About to Go.
With th* departure of two battalions
of the Forty-ninth Volunteer Infantry
yesterday, the Presidio Is almost bare of
troops bound for tHe Philippines and by
the middle of the coming week the sol
diers constituting the garrison of the post
will be the only fighters left on the reser
vation, as the third battalion of the
Forty-ninth and all the available re
cruits, numbering about 140, are scheduled
to Fail on the Sherman next Wednesday.
The report is circulating In military <-ir
cl.->f that the parrison at the Presidio is
to be increased by the addition of
r battery of artillery and perhaps
n so;ir»dron of cavalry. It Is only a
r;m. r, bowerer, and although it is very
probable that the garrison may receive
• sslons in the near future,
whether it will consist of cavalry or ar
tillery or from what regiments the rein
forcementa will be drawn Is the
:re. The necessity of a
garrison at this po?t Is CO!
cn<V it I? practically certain that
to that end will be taken by the War De-
Transports Grant and Tacoma Arriving From and Warren Sailing
for Manila.
their feet began to shuffle and 1n a
f»»w minutes a rnuale of hundred of
'hem * pray for dear life.
- The best cukewalk •
San Francisco, and the officers of the
■:t service and the men on the
WaiT«n watched the performance with
tne keenest Interest The men used
their guns as walking sticks and their
i !•■ man h.< a partner, and save an ex
hibition 'hat would Crowd the Mechan
• villon every night fbr a month.
The soldiers had only Jusi finished a
ran ment a« soon as the last of the
volunteer* have departed.
A .lotarhment nf Light Battery C,
Third Artillery, and two puns will be
sent to San J. so t<> take part in the cele
bration nf the ("alifornlan <}olden Jubilee.
Which begins on December 20. Orders to
that effe.-t will soon bo Issued ami the
detachment will march all the way to the
< larden City nnd return.
M r <;.-n«*ral Shafter and staff and
Colonel Freeman returned from J,o>-- An-
I ■ esterday. They went south to at
the ceremony <>t presenting the
southern metropolli with ■ cannon cap
tured at Santiago. Captain Jnm<- H
Frier, pout adjutant, who acoompanl<>d
General Shafter, returned to the Presidio
suffering with a severe attack of rheu
matism. He was ordered to the general
hospital for tn;itmont and during hi- i .1
furcod absence from duty First Lieu
tenant I.< Roy F-ltinge, Sixth Cavalry,
will art as adjutant.
Colonel Wallace C. Randolph, who re
cently received orders to proceed to Sul
llvana Island In command of that station,
has secured a two months" leave of ab
sence. Hip address during that perl" 1 v.-ill
be the Army and Navy flub. New York
City.
The animal transport Centennial will
sail for Manila on Tuesday with 2M
horses, in charge of Captain L. M. Ko-h
lor, Sixth Cavalry. The animal transport
Flintshire with another cargo of horses
will sail for the Philippines about Thur«
dav.
The following officers will sail on the
Sherman to rejoin their raiments in the
Philippines, having completed the duty
to which they were temporarily assigned
in tills city: Captain William Lnssiter.
Sixteenth infantry; Captain Charles <;.
Sixth Infantry: Captains Charles
I. Merkhurts nnd Edward EL Chrisman.
Sixteenth Infartry; First Lieutenants
Clarence N. Purdy and John Rob
of the Sixth Infantry, nnd Knglebert <J.
Oyenshlne. Sixtr-onth Infantry.
pltal Steward c.eorge Gibson and
the following prlvatp? of the hospital
corps have lif-en ordered to report for
duty on board the Shermnn: .Tam^s R.
Bowles, William H. Bell, Otto Llehr -cht.
five-mile tramp In heavy marching
order, but every one of them was
ready to dance ai «<>on as the band
began to play. Even when marching
up the gangway aboard the transport
they kept up the dnnoe. and only
i with the music. The Warren
gOi away about 2:30 p. nv. but was
stopped off Alcatraa t.> await a tug
that was s*nt afvr her. Somp letters
h^<! been wt behind, and as tiipy were
letters of Instructions Captain Bat
ehelder sent out the tug to put them
atx *r-i.
Charles Parsons, Richard Sanders.
Qeorge H. Bwlfart, Frank J. Wlethorn,
William 11. Lentz. lsaa<- N. fohns,
Samuel A. Brown. Ralelrrh A. Kirkendoll.
Lowy N. McCoy, (if.rge L. R
Charles W. Stewart, Ra!ph O. Whlte
houso, Arthur W. Ciorman. Charles Phil
lips. Joseph a. Burns. Thomas <;. Mc-
Crary, James H. Bteward, Louis X
Jnmr-s \Y. P.iscs and PMR.ir Turner.
Commissary Sergeant w M. CUne, '"
B a win act as quartermaster on the
Sherman during the voyage to Manila.
nant Hugh EC Taylor.
Sixth Infantry, has h<-> ( .n assigned to tm
porary duty with the recruits at th. Pr« -
sldlo.
Upon the recjuest of Captain Reed, com
missary *'? subsistence, I". S. A., a board
of «urvey has been appointed to mn't
Monday morning on the transport Sh-r
man to examine into and report upon the
condition 1 f 2T..400 pounds of flour, alleged
to be unfit for use or Issue.
Captain Leslie R. Qrovea, I*. S. A., has
been ordered to proceed to M.mila on the
Sherman.
There have been no new cases of small
pox among the members of the Forty
eighth Regiment "ii Angel Island during
the past wer-k. and th |pred volunteers
are expected to leave for the Philippic s
on the transport Grant in ten days ur two
barring accidents.
Private Leslie Coombs of the engineer
corps died at the general hospital y< tei
day of dysentery. His parents, who live
in New Philadelphia, tnd., have beon
communicnttii with
Doll Show Prize Winner.
The "Globe Millinery." winner at the Doc
tor"» Daughters' annual doll show in 1597 of
honorable mention: Utt, first prize, blup rib
bon; v _'f>. honorable mention— havlnsr moderate
rent can always sell first-class Roods at moder
ate prices. 114 Sixth street. . •
« ♦ »
Will Explain Social Reform.
Rev. \V. P. P. Bliss, president <>f th»-
Social Reform I'nlon, will explain this
pew national movement to-night at tht>
Cathedral Mission of the Good Samaritan,
Second and Foisom streets.
FLOOD SAVERS' PLAN OF
CAMPAIGN WAS ADOPTED
National and State Workers to
Serve Together to Succeed.
Thomas Names Finance Committee and
Says He Is Confident Bankers and
Moneyed Men Will Give Freely.
HS far as' possible the executive
// \\ committee of the California Wntcr
Jj and Forest Association perfected
its plan of action yesterday .if
the Palace Hotel. The. work lasted until
late in the night. William Thomas,
president of the association and of the
committee, presided. The other members
of the committee present were: George
H. Maxwell, Arthur R. Brlggs, T. C.
Frledlander. P. A. Buell of Stockton. Ma
jor Rice of Bakerefleld. J. Richard Freud.
W. H. Mills, Mr. Plllsbury of Tulare.
Surveyor General N. P. Chlpman, Philip
LUlentbal, William R. Eckert and R. F.
afcDoUe of the Whitney Power Com
pany. There were also present Elwood
Mead of the Irrigation Investigation of
trie Lnlted Mates Department or Agricul
ture ami J. B. Upplncott of the United
States Geological Survey.
Constitution and by-laws were adopted,
offlcen were provided for. the duties of
the committee were defined to be the ad
mlnistrtZiloii of affairs in accordance with
the policy of the advisory council of
seventy. The work of th.- association
was set forth in the wing:
The objects of the association are
to promote the conservation V the
waters of California by Intelligent
methods of preserving and adminis
tering our forests and the impounding
of Hood waters: also to devise the
most economical method by which
the waters of the State may be ap
plied to mining, agricultural and me
chanical uses, and to carry Into effect
the platform of the convention held In
San Francisco on November 14 and 15.
ISI'3.
On motion of Arthur R. liriggs the
chair was authorized to name commit
tees on finance, membership, legislation,
publication, campaign and transportation.
\V. H. Mills moved the appointment of
a committee on engineering, surveys and
records, to collate and compile all avail
able information from existing surveys
as to the topography of California and
to consider all questions relating to the
further prosecution of th- Government
purveys which may have a bearing on tho
objects of the association. This was
adopted.
The disposition of the first $10,000 to
hereafter come into the treasury took up
the attention of the committee for an
hour or more. George II Maxwell in
troduced a resolution pledging that sum.
when it could be raised, above the neces
sary exoenses of the association, to the
prosecution of the work now being car
ried on by fie Irrigation Investigation
and th" Geological Survey. Plllsbury op
posed the resolution. Thomas favored It
on the ground that If the committee on
finance could show the public what it was
Intended to do with the money it would
be easier to secure It. Several of the
committee ppoke.
Messrs. Lippincott and Mead explained
that tho amounts of money that the Gov
ernment devoted to the work they were
carrying on In California were small; also
that the policy of the departments at
Washington was to help localities that
helped themselves especially. It appeared
that the sum of $3000 only had been ex
pended In locating reservoir sites in this
State during the past- year under the
Geological Survey: also that the en
gineering departments of both of the
universities In this State had offered,
through their engineering departments,
to assist in the work pursued by Mr.
Mead, asking only pay for the actual ex
penses in the field, the universities pay-
Ing the salaries of the men representing
them.
Elwood Mead reported for the Irrigation
Investigation that the work planned out
by him in this State for the ensuing year
would cost $OSOO. The total appropriation
for the work of that sort In the entire
United States was only J35.000. One-sev
enth of the sum lie had planned to expend
in California. Bui the department, when
ever there was a large expenditure In any
one locality, always Inquired why— if we
could show thai then was great Interest
in the work in this State and that the
people were putting up their money that
would assist materially In getting future
Government aid. He understood that the
treasury of the association was empty,
but he was wlllintr to take the pledge that
what could be done by the association to
help would be done as satisfactory. Prob
ably what money could be raised for the
TWO TRANSPORTS
MAKE PORT AND
ONE GETS AWAY
Grant Makes a Record
Run From Manila.
Two transports arrived from and one
departed for Manila yesterday. - They
were the Grant, Tacoma and Warren.
The latter went out during: the afternoon
with two battalions of the Forty-ninth
Infantry, while the former brought home
a few discharged soldiers and sick men.
The Tacoma came In early. She brought
up two passengers only. The remains of
Captain Charles French, Thirty-sixth In
fantry, also come up on the vessel. Tr.e
transport docked at Steuart street during
the day and as soon as the Government
stores can be put ashore she will te re
turned to her owners.
The Grant got in about 10 a. m. She
left Manila on November 7 at 6 p. in.,
thus making the run In tne very 4 uick
time of twenty-four days sixteen hour*.
After passing the lS'Xh meridian she trai
for four days in a typhoon and lbs host
the ship could average was 254 knots ■
day, while before that the average h>id
been 311 knots. The Grant was Jlying
light and In consequence the wind ha>l a
great effect on her. In spite of the heavy
weather the transport comes into port in
such excellent shape that she cm. l be
sent out again to-morrow. Chief < >tl> -r
Crosky and Chief Steward Herbert have
their respective departments as clean as
a new pin and both were congratulated
by the transport Olßceri on the exce;R-nt
showing made by the ship on her arrival
after a round trip lasting nearly three
months.
While the Grant was in Nagasaki the
transport Sherman was th*>re coaling and
expected to leave for San Framl- o
twelve hours after the Grant, faho has
■ not a passenger aboard and should reach
port to-day. The Glenogle arrived Just
I before the Grant sailed and the Aztt-c
i was hourly expected. Both these vessels
1 should get here during the week.
Pages li to 20
purpose Indicated would be known *o<»il
enough to avoid any harm If there should
be a failure to get what had been ex
pected.
Arthur R. Brlggs offered a substitute
resolution, which wax adopted. Th pro
vided that It should be one of the special
alms of the association to assist in every
reasonable way the prosecution of the
work now bring -led on by the Gov
ernment in the State as represented by
Mead and Lippincott and that the execu
tive committee should be authorized to
use any money In the treasury. in excess
of that necessary for current expenses.
for that purpose.
A rr.Holutlon that was referred to the
committee by the convention concerning
sheep on forest reserves and national
parks was adopted. This provided that
sheep should not enter Into national parks
or forest reserves at any season of the
year; also asking Congress to permit th»
location of reservoir sites in national
parks where the location did not Interfere
with any permanent improvements al
ready made In such parks; also approving
the rules and regulations of the Secretary
of the Interior for the government of tho
forest reserves; finally, that all possible
means should be furnished to enforce the
rules and regulations by liberal appropria
tions, by an increased force of forest
rangers and by giving police power to the
forest rangers.
General Chipman spoke In opposition
and said that this prevented the crossing
°l i ••rnm.-nt reserves by sheep on
their way from one range to another. It
had been said that the convention had
acted in favor of the cattlemen as against
the sheep Industry, which was a large
one. The effect of the resolutions was tn
practically prohibit the carrying on of
the industry to a large extent.
Mr. I.lpplncott Introduced a resolution,
which was adopted, asking the- Govern
ment to make an appropriation for the
extension of the hydrographic work In
this State.
The resolutions referred to the com
mittee by •he convention concerning the
Jetties and easement In the San Joaquln
and Sacramento rivers, which was intro
•lured by Prison Director Devlin, went to
a special committee, consisting of Messrs.
Knell. Devlin and \V. 8. Green, to Inquire
and report. ,
Ju«t before, the afternoon recess a com
munication was read, which was signed
by U A Nare. representing the Fresno
anal and Irrigation Company, In which
he set forth that all the canal companies
taking water out of the Kings River had
met at Fresno and formed an association
for the purpose of mutual benefit and to
look Into the question of th* cost of a
storage reservoir on that river for an
extra supply of water during the low
water months, and also to control the
waters during flood time. Mr. Nares
wished the executive committee to Indorse
the action he had described.
Major Rice objected to such Indorsement
without full Investigation The chair was
instructed to appoint a committee of three
to consider and report.
Elwood Mead and F. H. Xewell. the lapt
narn«d being chief hydrographer. wer«
made honorary corresponding members of
the association.
At the evening session the raising of
funds and the securing of members wm
discussed Mr. Maxwell suggested a
scheme by which the secretary of the.
National Irrigation Association at Los
Angeles Mr. Richards, could take me '- m
bershlp for the State and national asso
ciations simultaneously. He also submit
ted a form of letter to be sent by Cali
fornia merchants to business houses in
the East from which they buy goods, and
this was adopted. Chairman Thomas
named the finance committee, as follows-
F. W. Dohrmann. M. H. de Younsr. Tim
othy Hopkins. Philip Lillenthal and E B
Pond. This committee will try to raise
money from banks, large owners of reaJ
estate and others well nhle to help th«.
movement. Mr Thomas said that he
thought Mayor Phelan would rtv. Jinno
He also had heard that John W. Mackav
had •marked that he would help larger
If the work was In the hands of the State
University. When the sum of {.mono had
been suggested to Mr. Mackay he had not
flinched. Probably he would subscribe
liberally.
A resolution was Introduced by General
Chipman which was adopted, asking Con
gress to reserve from public entry all the
timber land of the Government within th«
boundaries of California and substitute a
system of selling the stumpage of such
lands.
Th» Grant brought up eleven cabin pas
sengers, six soldiers, fortv-elght dis
charged men. seven sailors Invalided home
and six discharged packers. Oscar ■»!.,. ,-iv
of Company F, Twenty-flm Infantry.
was put al>oard at Manila. suffering from
meningitis, and died during the paM-ii;,..
He had six enlistment* to his credit «»rid
was coming home to enter the SoMlera"
Home. He was paid oft with J4.53 at Ma
nila and of that amount all he *;>♦■• w*s
S3. The balance of the money Is now :n
possession of Captain Maker. c.uartenva*
ter of the ship, and will be turned uv»>r
to his relatives.
Among those who came up on the Grant
were Chief Engineer Harry Kelly and
Purser H. Edwards of the Morgan City.
A Japanese firm was going to make m at
tempt to raise the wreck, but the oftlcer»
of the. Grant say it will he a failure, as
the steamer Is embedded In th mud.
The Grant will be got ready and will
probably take the Forty-eighth Regiment
(colored), now In quarantine on Angel
Island, to Manila.
The transport Victor! i Is on her way
from Puget Sound to load horses here for
Manila. She left Seattle with a load, but
wus caught In a gale off Flattery and
nearly a hundred of the animals wera
killed. The Government has decided to
tuke no more chances on Flattery weath
er, so the Victoria comes here to load
The Occidental and Oriental Company**
steamer Coptic arrived from China Jap
an and Hawaii Friday night and docked
yesterday. Among the cabin paasengT*
were: Court I. d'Elloy. who Is on a tour
of the world: Captain J. T. Sawyer. U. S.
A.: Mrs. Hay wards, wife of Consul Gen
eral Haywards at Honolulu, and her two
children: ex-Attorney General W. L
Smith of Hawaii. Rev. J. B. Thompson.
Rev. N. Hanson, and Harry I>im..n<l. of
this city.
The Coptic reports than on November
24 the transport Port Stephens arrived :it
Honolulu. She was from Seattle and had
to run south on account of the hen\y
weather in- • with on the Great Northern
route.
There was a clever piece of work dnne
on the tug Fearless yesterday. Th«
blow off" valve got out of order and It
was necessary to remove It In order to
make the necessary repairs. A diver w;u»
procured and he went down and plugged
up th • hole and then the valve was re
moved, repaired anil put back again. Then
the diver went down again and removed
the plug, nfter which the steamer was
ready for service again. The whole op
eration only occupied four hour*, a very
smart piece of work.
Kt»m;inl i
rushed in i i
Harbor Hospital Di nd Thomp
son hail to amput.it.- all
bers.
Owing to the non-arrival of the coal
ship that has her fuel aboard the battl*
ship lowa Is still In port. She will b«
open to the public to-day and Peterson'*
launches will carry visitors out as usual
from the Folaom-street float.12
LATEST EVENTS IN THE WORLD OF SPORT
GOLFERS AT
PLAY ON THE
HOME LINKS
Competitions of Various Kinds
tniiven ths Sport at San
Rafael.
Tho flr.kJ round of the men's elghtccn
hole har.dicap was played yesterday on
the links of the San Rafael Golf Club
between Lieutenant T. O. Roberts,
scratch, anu George Heazelton. who had
A handicap of nine. After an lrterestlng
garae. In which six holes were halved;
Lieutenant Roberts won. 5 up .".:'. 3 to
play. The ilr.al round of the »• .-en*
nine-hole handicap between Mr:., -t. G.
Bn'wa, f-cniich. a-nd in 'l C. Brecucn,
handicap of 14, resulted In a victory for
Mrf. LJreeden. Jl up anfl £ to play. Mrs.
Brceden'e success was largely due to her
long driving.
In the men's driving contest each com
petitor had rtve shots. K. G. Brown won
■with an excellent drive of 276 yards 2 feet
t Inches, clear carry; Lieutenant T. G.
Jlnl-orts l>oi;ig seoniul witn a drive of 170
yards 2 feet;. George Heazelion third,
with a drive of 161 yards 1 foot; C. P.
l'onuroy fourth, with 149 yards, and J. J.
t'ro <k» fifth, with 14.% yards. Besides the
wtealnc drive two or R. G. Brown's
*Jrt\ « ■ were 167 yard* 1 foot « Inches and
li» yards 2 t«t-t respectively.
The m«-n'fi approaching contest was
fro:n a distance <-.f no yards over a net
ten feet h<ph <<n to the home preen. J.
J. Crooks «ron, his three best shots l.o!i;n
12 foi-t o JrrN-s. > fift l inch and ?.? feet
O^» Inehe.s. ,i r ;ui aveiiifie of Si feet 6 Inches
from the iup. (>»->.«• or George Heazeiton's
tho"s w»j 2;» fc*-t 2 inrnes from the cup.
*>ut the red fell short. Ucutonant T. G.
lioberts" 1 three i>est shots w.-rc dlhtnnt 'S
leet S Inch.?.. :.S f«-t 2 Inches and C 4 le.u S
Inches respectively from tin* cup— an aver
*pe of Eti feet <"> Inches. One of n. <;.
llrown's shots r;im«» to re?t at a dlstunre
*>i ::» fr-ct s inrh>-« from the «-up. bin the
rest w<-re topp.d «>r tell sdort.
The ladles" <iri\inK ooatent was won by
Mrs. H. C Breeden, with a drive of IJ4
var.is. rountlnc the roll; 111 it. «;.
i<roun hrln>r second with a drive of 107
jar'Ts.
The ladies' nppronchtnif comjvetltlon was
from a distance of 75 yards over the not.
Mr*. Breedea lofted two balls over the
Tiet which were distant ,X leot an d % feet
6 inches respectively from the cup. Mrs.
It. <J. Brown's phots mostly fell short,
but one cleared the net and fell 103 feet
from th«- cup.
• ■■ .
B X
j
I
■
■
TO ABANDON
CONTROL OF
CYCLE RACING
Associated Clubs Association
Officials to Turn It Over
to National Association.
The board of governors of California
AfFoiiateJ Cycling Clubs mot last nicht,
feat «»f unable t<. art loyally on matters
requiring att r.tlon through lack of h
quorum. Tli«- affairs of the association
%ere discussed Informally and It was Oe
clded to call another meting for the last
Saturday In January.
- V this time a n-nrpanlzation will be
ca>ct«d. It Is purposed to turn the con
trol of cycle ratine <»n this coast over to
the National Cycling Association, the
FovoriTinir body of the Fpurt In this coun
try. The oiiwrs of thl* body are not
Ff-rkirjK to »xt«'nd th.lr territory to this
coast, l-ut u-uiild jinf-r to have the A8«o".
ciat.d Clubi <ojiiinu.> in control, both
bod ifp working in harmony.
ou:iln«-d at tlif ' iii^«n*liip^hiFT~nl Eftr
the local «.fllcla]»» will dfvote all tholr < n
• rpips h«nafi.-r to the road races which
th»y have dfvHop,«d. The Intention it. to
Kroup ihfco races, the r»'Jay. Baker .«
Jlamllton and the 10 and 25 mile handi
cap*, deposing of them all within a
period of two months. The beacon of the
v«.ir most favorable for compttitlon will
t>f chosen and the riders can r.-maln In
tralnir.g for that length of tlmo.
Borne of th*» dflec.ites favor relnstitlne
all the rlderp who have bren professloral-
Izi d r,\ the association. It Is poßsibl* the
unwritten law the world over "once a
rr<f< SKinnd. always a professional" will
prevail. The men chiefly involved ore:
JJ J. Edwards. \V. F. Foster. Cha-'es
Krmfts, C. J. Klrdfall A. Thersen. Ucriry
x.K > cl»orß' and Oiorßo I'Mxon.
Opposed to the Panhandle.
Th«» Market and Eun ka Valley Im-
Jirnvonvm Club does not favor the Issu
ing Of bonds for the extension of the
panhandle.^ At a meeting of this club last
nlK.it at Z.SI, Market utreet a resolution
vas p.wJhv a large majority In oppo
sition to the proposition. The club took
Xj.. l.Tj-l-d action on the Issuing of the
l.otidH for the building of pchoolhouses
tlie rrertiun of a suitable hospital nd the
c< instruct lon of sewers. Strong excep
tion* won. taken to a recent publication
rf r L prr .' ll< * map of th< * extension of the
r>anh;«ndle in which it van made to up-
T»-ar that the proposition embodied 1.,.,
'"m? , fitrf *' t - This, it is claimed. if a
v.lllful error, a.s Dolores mreet I* left
l!i;n a!id «lrv so far as the conversion of
tnnt thoroughfare into a boulevard is
concerned.
2 CARLOADS
. • OF . .
../900..
Ensign c •
AND > nO
Snell (AY
#1,.,
lIJI IJ More on the road.
I** More on the road.
PRICES
S3O*» D s4O
Agents wanted In every town
Leavitt & Bill,
SO9 Larkln St., S. F.
BTANUBY EUAN. BHANAHAN. MANAGES T'KNNIK. O'CONNOR. MCLAUGHLIN. STL'LZ. SIIEEII-VX
DOYLE. JIAKNEY. HARI'ER.
Sacramento Baseball Club, Winner California League Championship.
rpilK Ba need no .lifflculty in winning the championship pennant of th.- California League for this year The team was
■*- at the tall end for months ago it worked int.. first position and it held it to the end. Th- Beveresi competition encountered was In
ith ;h San Francis.o <;üb. Pitcher Harvey, who is shown in the illustration, will join the Chicago team of the National League next year
YELLOWTAIL
POSSESSED
GREAT SPEED
Gal oped in Ahead o Princess
Zcika at Oakiand — Choices
Fare badiy.
It la needless to say that Foster &
Harkott's big colt Yollowtnil was the star
of the racing at Oakland yesterday. The
Saturday crowd early • »ik a fancy to
him. and his easy victory cost the books
dearly. The best of those pitted against
him were Princess .' Lka, Anjou and Mid
lty. The track had dried out until it was
once more In fast condition, and Fred Foi»-
U r toM his friends to spread II about
thick on the ten thousand dollar l*»auty.
A raft of coin cut the odds from even
money to 7 to 10. When the barrier was
released Eddie Jones had Yellcwtail away
in the lead, and it was only an exercise
gallop, the great son of Watercress win
ning, cased up, over the Futurity course
In 1:10%; the last live furlongs being
stepped in 1:00 s *. Princess Zelka respond
ed gamely to liullman's urging, getting
the place handily from Anj<-.u.
Mi. Ferguson ha.l one of his "off" days,
ther* being a tedious delay at the post in
nearly every race, the longest being in the
second number, when thirty-five minutes
were consumed before a. start was accom
plished. First choices, met with many
vicissitudes during the day, but two being
able •.- land purses. Still, nearly all or
the winners w«-re well backed, and the
majority of books quit "to the bad."
St. ipoUlnarli a growthy St. Carlo
gelding, delcated his company in the
*jpt-riinrr run^for^raaiden three-year-olds.
startinK at odds of 6 to 1. Ivy Powell baa
him i. front fore half the distance was
traversed, and at the stand downed Furia
thre* lengths. Draw Lass opened a C to
i favorite, but did not look lit. receding to
7 to 2. and finishing last. Jacl had his
odds backed down irom 20 to 8. He did
not possess the necessary spec-d, ending
among the tuil-enders.
The twelve starterb in the six furlong
dash following furnished a lively betting
proposition, with Lo»t Girl closing favor
ite over Lothian, lialista. and Hio Chico.
The Jast named was touted as "the
goods." and when the field was finally
dispatched showed In front. Sink's geld
ing led to within a few yards of the wire,
wh're he was collared and beaten out by
Lothian, ridden by Henry. The favorite
had no chance after the start. During
the maneuvers at the post llallsta threw
Vltlltoe In a mix-up with the barrier and
ran away. Randall's unruly performer
later finished fifth, after getting a very
weak ride.
Dr. HoweH'B horse, Dr. liernaya. looked
the most eligible of the starters in th»
mile and a half run and was Installed an
even-money favorite. He led after pass
ing the stand the first time, winning, rid
den out, over a length before Meadow
thorpe. second choice in the ring. Billy
McCloskcy ran a fair third.
In the mile and a sixteenth handicap
Rosormonde had too strong a pull in the
weights. Allotted 100 pounds, she carried
Bullman and five pounds over, and lead-
Ing from start to finish downed the favor
ite. Rosliiante. two lengths in 1:17*4. Top
mast, with Conley in the saddle, took the
show from Satsuma.
Bulln also piloted Sly. winner of the
last evert. The mare's odds receded a
point in the betting, and in a nose finish
she gained the decision from Morlnga,
ridden by Thorpe. Vlttltoe, astride the
favorite. Peace, managed to got a poor
t«fnd off and went the. White Pass route.
With more luck nhe could have won.
Sister Alice also came in for strong sup
port, but never displayed much speed.
DEERING IN FRONT.
Wins the Magnolia Stakes on the
New Orleans Track.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec 2._DeerinK, the.
brother of Sir Vassar, a colt well known
on the Western tracks, won the Magnolia
ptakos, the principal event on the card,
very handily this afiernoon. Fljinf? ness,
the second choice, made the running to
the head of the Btretch. where Deerlng,
who had been a close second all the way,
w«nt to the front and landed the prize.
Aiolo. the favorite, was never a factor.
Jockey Dick Clawson arrived to-day to
ride for Frank Reagan. The weather was
fine and track good. Rrsultn:
Mil* and a sixteenth— Manlllus won Kocnlc
•econd. Waterhouse third. Time. 1:51.
Seven furlongs, wiling— Lomond won. Ran-
FT« second. Satan third. Time, 1:31%.
Six furlongs— Atgeretta won. Merry Day sec
ond. Tr>t>* I'ayne third. Time, 1:15.
Magnolia ftiUcr*, handicap, one mile— Deerlnjj
won. Volandles. second, Flying Bes» third
Time, 1:«24.
Beven furlonm«. NVkamlii won. mil
Jurkman neeond. .Tim Hork third. Time, l:Jl»V
Ruhlin Defats McCormack.
CHXCAOO, l>.r 2.-<; u « Ruhlln. the
Akr<m slant, easily defeated Jack Me-
Cormack of Philadelphia In a six-round
go at Tatternall's to-nlpht. Both men
were In far from first-class condition but
Ruhlln's euperlor height and reach told
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1«99.
hravily on his opponent, who was sel
dom able to land effectively. Huh'.tn
scored clean knockdowns in the ti: • an.l
third rounds and had a long lead in
every round. Billy Madden, manager for
KuhKn. to-day deposited now with <"olo
nel Hopkins to match Etuhlln agr.inst any
heavy-weight, London prize ring rules,
Jeffries preferred.
Rriflfa Sail for America.
LONDON, liec \, The two U.lfTs, the
American tockeys, sailed for New rork
on the steamer St Lottla to-day. Th.-y
■ !t-ciile.l to return and make their
h.nne in Knjfland. The reviews of the
- >n are almost unanimous in
drawing attention to the English j^-keys'
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
(Copyright, ISM. tl H H K«bert.)
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Saturday, December 2, 1899.—Forty
eighth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather
flue. Track fast.
' ' I "X .Turtle. j v FERGI'SON-- Starter.
JOti FIRBT RA< E Sii burtons*; aelllng; maidens; three-year-olds and upward; purae.
•I■. _ . ■
Are W.-tGht.'st. \m. 4m. \m. Str. Fin. x Jockeys. jOp. Cl
2 1 12 ... 13 I Powell 4 6
J :• II ... 2 4 'Mullman 8 5
MS n',ren<e Fink, 8.. .10! :« ... | 1 | % ... . || *... 10 20
>■ «i. 3 li* 8 ... 64 «2 ... 4)1 Itulz 10 30
. Vlr.rtora. 3 1« 5 ... 9 2 8 4 ... lh X H-.^s U
'l'l Het. 4 101 7 ... 44 10 ... 6 1 OiTVM
Midia. 3 10; 10 ... 4 2 ... 12 Henry 20 bo
» Averlne. 4 10*1 ... 14 24 ... g Thorp* 8 7
"'• '"-or. 3 101 4 ... 11 11 ... ? VIUIUM ! 4 &
3^ Jael. 3 107 3 ... I h 7 1 ... 10 .1 Daly 2" 10
I"-' L«aa. 4 '. !1 7 1 9 ... 11 E .1 nea 6-S 7-2
-.
T. . •. »«. iii.v,. Winner, B. B . Bt Carto-Olcallvct.
: tlrst three driving.
Wi: pany with ease. 1 ik will win afx>n. My Dfar no
BtM L:iss not ready.
«^.Q"T sk< I'M. RACK ?.x furlnngs; selllni;: three-year-olds and upward; purae. |350.
I * Betting.
Index. Hocm Age. Weight. St. Mm. 4m. Km. Str. Fin. ] Jo.keys. Op. 3!
S?9 Lothian. 3 102 : ... 3 >,» 4 H 4 1 1 h Henry 3 6
Ml Rio Chlco. 3 107: 2 ... lh 1 h 1 h 2 4 Ruiz 3 5
3T4 Anchored. 3 10216 ... 5 4 3 1 3 2 3 2 K. ROM 20 30
321 Aluminum. 4 107 i ... 12 2 2 2 li 41 Itullman 6 8
574 lialiKta. 3 102 3 ... 4 4 7 2 6 h IV, Vlttitoe 6 5
ISO Ix,« Olrl. 5 10S 9 ... (.2 62 74 C■- Thorp«» 2 3
3SI Marplot. 4 110 7 ... 7 4 6 1 I M 7 4 J. Woods 10 li
3f<4 Pylvan Lass. S 10! 5 ... 61 91 VI 8 4 Romero 25 40
K3O Terrene. S I«|H ... 10 4 10 2 10 3 9% ;Helnfon 30 «0
T" r > Whaleback. 3 107 8 ... 9 4 8 2 8 4 10 3 Conley 8 10
3<2 retaJ. I IP2|IO ... 11 20 11 25 11 SO 11 40 T. Walsh 10 20
366 Bill Howard, a 10»;l2 ... It 12 12 1: Collls 40 100
Time— X, :2fii.; : 4. :4»%; » 4 . 1:15. Winner. J. Foley*s b. g. by Imp. Mldlothlan-Loleta.
Poor nart. Won first three driving.
Delay of half hour at post. Chlco stopped nearlng wire. Batista wretchedly ridden.
Previous to etart he dismounted and ran away. With an even break Lost Girl would
have won.
Scratched— El Palado 107, Munsey 105.
AAQ THIRD RACE — mile and a half; selling; four-year-olds and upward: purse.
T'vFO* J4CO.
I : netting.
Index. Hon>e. Age. Weight. |St. Std. Im. lHm. Ftr. Fin. | Jo< keya. |Op. a.
1
3!<B Dr. Bernaya. 4 102 4 4 >.« 1 h 114 11 1 4 ;Vittlto« 4-6 1
3<*9 Meadowthorpe. S ..noil II 14 22 24 15 Pullman 3 4
m Hilly McCloskey. 6.102 6 62 510 32 33 34 Henry 4 _.8
3:>9 Tom Calvert. 4 ?9 6 11% 8 1 41630 4nC. Wilson 7 " 7
345 Coda, a 107 1 In In Cl 54 1 530 Conley 8 9
M DOB Vallejo. 6 102 7 6% 62 63 63 63 Romero 20 75
838 Oranger. a 101 1 1 7 7 7 7 7 I. Powell 15 76
Tin. 'i. SHI: H. :M*;: v 1:18: mile. 1:44%: lUm. 2:09*;; 14m. 2:35>i. Winner. Dr.
H. E. Rowell's eh. g. by sir Dixon-Welnbaden. Oood start. Won first three driving.
Bernays was all out. Tom Calvert poorly handled.
FOIRTH HACK— Futurity course; two-year-olda: purae. $400.
Index. Horae. Weight. St. Hm- Hm. Km. Str. Fin. Jockeys. Op., a!
(3M) Tellow Tall 108|l ... 13 14 14 II \e Jonea TTw
.V 2 Prlnoe»s Zelka 10;, 4 ... 41 II 24 j3j 3 Inullman 6 3
<S«1) Anjou IWI 6 ... 32 46 44 »2 IThorpe 2 16-5
2<4 Mldlty 107 3 ... 2 2 14 84 44 RRUtR U | t 6 l 0
3«4 Bogus Bill mr r. ... B4 Bi B8 611 T Walah ... 10 40
:• • Artilleryman 103 2 ... 6 6 6 4 Devln 30 250
Tin- . '.',: to ' 4-U; | a! it '. bort 14. l:10\. Wlnner7i'oßter~& fUok-
ett> rh c. by Imp. Watercress-imp. I'aloma. Qood start. Won easing up. Second and third
drlvlnj;
Yellow Tall had all kinds of s«p*ed. Prlnrrss ran gamely Midltv blew un
Herat. hed-F. W. Hr.>do 113. The Lady !(>:,. * J P-
41 0 FIFTH RACE— One. mile and a sixteenth: free handicap: three-year-olds and up-
• "V/t ward; purse, JjOO. *
Index. Home. Aye. Weight . St. Km. m . m . Btr. Fin. jockeys. Op."' Cl!
(3SS) Rojormonde. 4 105 In 11 i; 13 1 I i Bull man I 14 5
265 i- slnnnte. 6 106 4 5 32 32 3 4 23 lv"t,lt^f 5 11'
,33* Topm.«. 6 107 1 4 4 5 4 3 45 3 1 Conley I 4
3?2 Satsuma. a in* I 3 1 2n 2n 24 41s VLjSLa 4 a
B*2 Dr. Sheppard, 5....110| i :j 4 1 5 I 5 fh^^ V. Y. 4 5
x. Time-l-16. LO7:L 07: 6 *l 6> :31U; »-16. :.V!4; 13-11. 1:21';: mile, i:« : i i.i« m . i :4 7U. Winner J
Naglee Burk's h. m. by imp. Ormonde-Imp. Fairy Rose. Fair start. Won hrat t™ drt^
Ing.
Winner received beat ride. Vtttltoe on Ronlnante saved no ground. Batauma stopped.
4|| # SIXTH RACE-Slx furlonga; selling; three-year-olda and upward; purae. $380.
j ' ,
Index. Hor~. An Weight. St. Mm. Hm. %m . tr . Fin. I Jockeys. lop."'^:
Betting.
Op. Cl.
IS g&v::::::::::ffll •• » £ * £ 51 lm ißullman !
335 Morlnrn, 4 lftS 4 ... 3h lh 2 H •»• Thnrn*
3*l Etta H. 5 in;! 3 ... lh 71 I > jt; conlT?
•M Pon Luis, 4 107 7 ... 6 1 4 h 4 1 * > j£nrv
3C9 Imperious. 4 107 ! ... 4 h 5 1 5 1 *L F nL"-*.-.«n L"-
*.-.« Peace. 3 102 6 ... 8 7 1 7 2 £? vittlfiS.
377 Bister Alice. 4 107 I ... 7 1 8 IU 7 1 r wiunn
mi Mike Rico, a 107 8 ... 5 1 m g-- 1 i l RUR U I"":'.":
gooS I ?^' £& fe'J&UV^ig: ™ nner - D - M - »«*»•■ b - - * »^*
riddMSaU^^ p~"p ~" ™ *
2 3
5 »-2
4 7
15 30
4 7
3 2
8 7
15 30
rella 11.
3rly and
Mir. -ss with tl-.' American style of rid
ing.
Zip Chambers at Liberty.
As was anticipated, the chars* °f mur
■ '/..]' Chambers, Corrigcan'i col
or.-, l stableman, for shooting and killing
Dan ! the Ingieside racetrack
iy mornlnCi was dis=
! by Judßf Treadwell yesterday.
Detective R. W, Graham and I'oi iceman
Dasman told the Judge they hud no other
evidence except that taken at the in
<iuest. and the Jtidpro dismissed the case,
r.'m.irkinp that it was the mo?t a«ravat
ed case of Justifiable homicide tnat had
come to his attention.
SOLDIERS
BEAT THE
MIDDIES
West Point- Annapolis Foot
ball Game Witnessed by
Cabinet Members.
Bpadai Wspatch to The Call.
West Point 17. Annapolis 5.
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 2.— The West
Point football team defeated Annapolis
on Franklin Held this afternoon in ■ hard
fought battle 17 to 6. # The soldiers won
becamio they played th*e better football.
They were musters of the situation all
through the game, with the exception of
the last few moment* of the contest,
when the middies by a mighty effort man
aged to score by a touchdown.
It teemed as though every army and
navy officer of standing at Washington
was present. The President's Cabinet was
represented by Secretary of War Root
and Secretary of Ihe Navy Long. The
two Cabinet officers received a great ova
tion when they entered the (rounds. Sec
retary Root and his party occupied a box
on thefarmy'B Bide ot the Held, while Sec
retary Long watched the game from the
naval sufhu on the opposite side. Be
tween the halves Secretary .Long was es
corted acro.ss the Held and congratulated
Secretary Root on the good worn done by
"his boys." This little incident started a
great hurrah. In which the yells of the
West Polni and Annapolis cadets were
mingled with the lons, loud roar of the
Pennsylvania students, who were massed
on the west stand.
Over 17,000 persons saw the contest.
The jinny wai well represented. There
were major generals, colonels, lieutenant
colonels, majors, captains, lieutenants
and privates scattered all through the
crowd. Among- those present were As-
Blatant Secretary of the Navy Allen, Rear
Admirals O'Nell. McNair and Rodgers,
Captain Robley D. Evans, Colonel K. L.
Denny of the marine corps. Governor
Voorhees of Now Jersey and Major Ash
bridge of this city.
Early In the game the soldiers got the
ball on downs on their 43-yard line. Line
plunges and two spins around the ends
brought the ball to the middles' 10-yard
mark. Then the West Point halfbacks
were sent against the Annapolis line
steadily until the ball was only live yards
from a touchdown. On the next play
Fullback Johnson was pushed over the
line for the first touchdown. Bettlson
kicked goal. or.-. West Point 6, Annap
olis 0.
- There was no further scoring in tho
first half.
Early in the second half a kick by Wade
carried the ball to the army's 10-yard
line, but Wesson tan the ball back ten
yards by pretty dodging. Another ex
change of punts and the ball was on the
army s 20-yard line. Without losing the
ball once the soldiers pushed the sailors
back from the army's 20-yard line to the
middle of the Bald and from there right
Over the Annapolis goal line. After al
most every scrimmage a- sailor would be
laid out. Rockwell, who took Clark's
place, made the touchdown and Bettlson
kicked the goal. Score. West Point 12,
Annapolis 0.
The army started her llne-bucklng work
strain, and did just* as she had done ■ few
moments previously, carrying the ball
from mldtlold to and over the navy's goal
line Without losing it or being stopped In
her progress. Rockwell also made this
touchdown, but Bettlson failed to kick
a difficult goal. Scoie. West Point 17,
Annapolis 0.
When the play was resumed the ball
was carried to th*» army's 16-yard line by
a fine kick, which resulted In a touch
back for the middles and an exchange of
punts. Then the navy carried the pig-.
skin to the 10-yard line, where It was lost
to the army on downs, but was
Immediately regained on off-side play.
On four scrimmages the sailors
took the ball to the army's two
yard line mark and on the next line-up
Wnde was sent over the line for the mid
dles' first touchdown. The goal was a
difficult one and Wortman failed to
make it.
The game ended a few minutes later
with the ball in Annapolis* possession on
it own 43-yard line.
The line-up was as follows:
West Point.. Volition. Annapolis.
Smith (captain). ....UPft end L.inc. Read
Farnswcrth-Enls..lWt tackle... Wortman leapt)
Hopkins Left Buard Halllran
n<?ttinon. renter Adams
IJoyers Rl«ht Kuard.nelknap-Fretnnnt
nunker-Nellr RlKht tackle. Nichols- Williams
Pnrnett-Z^el Right end.... Berrien-WeavrT
WcMon...., Quarterback OxWhaus
Casad Left halfback.... Fowler- t'reyer
Clark-Rockwell. Rlifht halfback... .Gannon-I^an<l
Jackson Fullback Wa<le
Score: West Point 17. Annapolis 5. Touch
downs—Rockwell I. JacMon. W;irlr> Goals
from touchdowns— I^tt!«..n 1. Missed roalis
from touchdown*— Hettlson. Wortman Time of
halves— 23 minute*.
Buena Vista to Entertain.
Buena Vista Parlor No. 6S of the Native
Daughters has arrange*] for an entertain
ment and social in tho banquet hall o'
the Native Sons' building next Thursday
evening and to this all the friends of the
parlor are invited.
FAVORITES
LOSE WITH
REGULARITY
The "Ta'ent" Hal a Tem
p»sluous Af ernocn at
Union Ccursing Park.
The bettors who follow the fastness of
the favorites at courslnc meetings ha<l a
tempestuous time at Union .Park yestci
day. J. D. < 'strain. -IT-. Tluirnhlll Comet
started the fireworks in the third course
by defeating October Woodcock by a
score of 21 to 12 after runnlnp one minute
and twenty seconds. October Woodcock
was a strong favorite at odds of ■'• to 1.
He fell heavily durlnK the course, which
Interfered with his running. Hair Brain
beat Ever Sure at 1 to 4. Th- favorites
bad their innings for a few minutes r.nd
then Wandering Tom beat Lady Emma
at i to 5. Victor Queen beat Conqueror
at the same odd* and Golden Russet be;it
Lavender at 3 to 5. Lndy Emma whs
apparently suffering from the effects of a
severe course »he had on Thursday.
Lavender was also off In her running, the
results of two three-minute courses the
last time she was out. .
Agamemnon beat the Texas dog. whlcn
was favorite at 5 to 1. Fin McCool belt
Wadena tn a one minute and twenty-rour
second course, Wadena being favorite nt
3 to 1. Master Lawrence beat Old Glory
at 2 to 5. _
At the end of the course between Dox
Daz? and Hot Haste the hart leaped A'.Rt\
In the air. The former dog saw hif* game
aDove him and leaped ott th* ground and
caught the hare. Gladys Weller after
her course with the Pram broke away
from her handler and Joined the dogs in
the succeeding course. She. was run r-ut
and lid not int. re with th« dogs.
Sweet Emma is favorite for the stnKe
with Beacon as second choice. \\ Id
Tralee. Ca b, Maori Land, Thornhi 1.
Golden Russet and Narcissus are next In
demand In the order named, The re
tailed results of the coursing yestenjav
with the oiticlal score of each course fol
lows:
Open stake-Uussell. Allen & V. llsnn s Mas
ter Clalr beat Curtis & Son's McKlnley, 1.-3.
I». J. HenleyH Lady Clare rat I l . ha . r l >'" n nhUi
Uoyal Anne. 8-7: J. I). Cardlnell's Thornhlll
Comet beat J. Dennis' October \\ oodcock -l
12; T J. Cronin'a ■.-■ of Tralee a bye. Ca>a-
Her withdrawn; J. Dlckson's Black Hess J^at
Bteri ft Knowle* 1 Frosty Morn, *-0; J-!**eOww
mack's Hair Hraln baal J. Kennedy 8 Bm
Pure, 5-2: Curtis £ B'i Vanity I- air beat J.
McCormack's Black Daisy (late Primrose) *-3.
T .1 ■•p.nlnii Wild Trale- beat Handy &
Smiths Ida. I I; Curtla * Sons o »" h , lK "* t^r:
Kcnnedy-i Nt ht Time. 8-3: Curtis & Son •
CommfKlrre t^at Aon.-ld Kennels' Preten- er.
7-3; B. & Tt. Srotfs L-ird Uyron beat BWrt^
Knowles' O'Hara. 7-4; W. Tra.es Wnmlertmt
Tom beat Itus.^ll. Allen k Wilson • I-idy
Emma, ft-4; Handy & Smith's Victor Queen
beat J Ken Iran Conqueror. »-3: '' i-nelia s
Golden Itus^et l^at J. M. Halton's lavender.
7-4; J. Carroll 1 *. lted Hind beat J. L. Rom
Ju»t Tti> 26—2; "VV. C. GlaaKon's Terronlte beat
F. A. MeCbrnva One Spot. »-3; «*urtl!» & Son ■
Narcissus beat K. J»aumelster'» Warrior U-4;
J. J. Edmonds* MornlnK Olory beat Daly & : Sle
beln # 9 Shylock Boy, 12-4: F. Moran « I- a lse
Flatterer beat J. J. Edrr-rnds" Whiskey Hill.
?— 6- Aeneld Kennels' AKamemnon beat Erwin
A, Lyons' Silver Lyon. 7-5; E. M. C 'J l<^»"
Sweet Emma beat T. J. Cronln's Maid of Bail.
R-3; J. Seßßerson'B Candelaria beat H. smith »
Peaceful «Jlen. 26-7; F. MoCool'b Fin McCool
beat N P. Whitney's Wadena. 12-8; J. H.
Harrison's Hot Haste beat P. lUnnclaOß s Dox
Uaze 3-2: D. J. Healey's Maori Land beat J.
IX-nnls' The Devil. 6-0; A. .1 Kemps Slpnal
beat Herzojf & Davidson's Pirate, fr-2; J. < ar
roll's Auckland beat Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas.
10-8; P. Haker's Dora B beat J. Cone's Red
Glen. 10-6: Curtis & Son's Maud S beat P.
Doyle's Wild Monarch. 12-10; Curtis I Son s
Heacon beat F. A. McComb's Royal Flush,
fi— 3; E. iHum«>l!"t^r > ii Winning Ways beat J.
Carroll 1 BlßMtonc, »— 2: Erwln & Lyons May
Oue«r beat Herxou * I)avldson"s Said Pasha.
10—1; P. J. MtCabe'a CralK Hoy beat Oeorse
Sharman's Walt a Little. 2-0: J. Kennedy's
Wine Weet beat A! AUMln's Firm Foe. 4—l;
T J Cronin's Thornhlll beat Pa^ha Kenn*ls
Rest Assured. ♦— Dr. Leonards Master Law
rence beat H. A. Peckelman's Old Glory. »— 4;
Curtis & Son's The Fram beat William Cairns
Qla4n Weller. »-5: Eurene Casscriys Sllenrjt
beat J McCormack's Jennie Reid. 22—6; H. t.
Anderson's Crawford Braes beat F. A. " c "
Combs Royal Fan. 27-4; P. J. McCabe s Sky
Blue beat W. Cairn's Imperial. 7—2. '
Mr. Nichols, a coursing man from Mon
tana, has arrived here with four dn«?s
which he will coarse In the local parks
They are of the Brunette wtock. * Hilly
Murphy will train them and expects to
have them in the running shortly.
AT INGLESIDE.
Favorites showed well at Ingles! Je
Coursing Park yesterday and caplurtu
nearly all the courses. Two stakes were
run-the puppy stake of twenty dog* and
the sixty-dog open stake. The finals la
both stakes will be run oft to-day.
Following are the day's results:
Puppy stake-George Boehn's Aloha **»» f;
BviW Nellltfa La«: George Plnto's Mischief
beat .1 Watklns' Merciful; Corkfry* llo*»n . •
Her HlKhntss brat J. Franks Otrpfle: C.
Lravv'k Wild O»m* beat F. McComb*. "}: mi
King: •■ Leavys Babe rtl.erldan beat M. Don
£«."» Erin-^LL O'Brien'* Good Time beat b.
Gearv's Bonnie PaiharG-orre Hrrul... • Motto
l/ram be" " J. W-tktn;* Nadlne: >> Lahu*en>
Firefly beat L. Hoffman's Strang*r: C. Uonner ■
\VIW I Norah beat I* Hcfrm.tn's Prairie Hoy;
Lowe * Thompson-!- Uttta Fullerton tana by*
Pint ties-Aloha beat Mischief; Her l*nsss
b/at Wild Game; Go«>d Tim* beat Babe .-h-n
dan- Firefly beat Monosran; Wild Won beat
L n^ake- n i. OT^d'* Phootovr beat M.
n Kavanaßh'B Swedish; Itusscll. Allen * V\ 11
"n> I>Me Claire b.-«t V. C. Mack« I>lla M.;
Ix-,we i- Tlinmpion'i Kln»j - « Bonier beat •'• Lln
eban'i Ro»allne; L.. WlKjflns 1 Hexter P. batF.
ClfHll's Iten Uoran: James Byrneii' Hattleshlp
bcal John Charltons Dolly \nri.-ti: W. C Gla»-
Kon'x Joy liells b<>at P. J. Nolte ■ Rich tin.l
Artle*»- 11. A. lv»-ke;man> Snapshot beat A.
Johnson* Tod Sloan: Frank X. Folcy's Sweet
heart teat -■ Mack s Jem* Moore: D Shan
non's Safeguard beat J. O*l>owd'« i Ilfton :.i.<o:
Murpliy & Tol:ind's Twilight Jr. (••■<• M No
lan'? Huckeye; J. 11. Perljcon Belle toward beat
J. ehans Racine; J. McEnroe'! Admiral
Sampson beat H. Lynch'i< I>oiterer; F. F.
ChamblH'B Rooklln Belle beat O«orse Uur
feinJ's Royal Prize; J. McKnn*'« Maßlc Circle
beat J. Morlartty'B St. Carlo; J. Collins' Mat.
[<m beat M. 11. Cavanach's Hard L.lnes: J.
Matter Benlela Roy beat T. !-• Can> Miss
Grizzle; H. Lynch* Lexington beat P. Rellly'a
Master Mat; H. Lynch' ■ Myntle beat H. Allen"*
MtM I- Is; K. M. Kellogg's Hummer heat A.
linesman's Lily 11. 11. A. Deckelman's Ri>cket
beat Captain Kane's Greenhall; M. Mlchallkt'*
Glenroy beat P. Keilly'n Expense; E. M. Kel
lokk'6 l.ily nilmire beat George P.urfeln<V.«
Pastime; 'Joe Thrift's Forget h»at Samuei
Moore* Rox: P. Dillon's Modesty beat W. C.
nißMOn'f T.-rr>na; I^arkey & Rock's Minerva
bent 11. Dean's Free Sliver Boy; J. Welch's
Sweet Marie beat Dan it i.v.;.' | Fatan; J
Byrnes' Eleven Spot ii^ut D Ford's i.inlt».
Cornell Rros.' Mnmle Pleusant b*al J. R.iun-
Injt's Demprey 1..1-" A. Johnson's Lowland**
beat J. Llnehan's Robert .1 . Russell, Allen A
Wilson's Chicago Boy b*at James Hurley ■
0 X Capitol; J. P. Thrift's Grasshopper beat
W. J. Browning*! Mountain Belle; R. E. is 11.
Lopez's Santa Rita beat J. Pempsey's Captain
Jack; H. A. Deckelman's Ij»wn»nce beat Flem
in* Bros.' F)ary: T. J. MeHugh'v Maid of the
Mill beat Handy * Smith's Magic; W. McCar
thy's Johnnie F beat J. Anthony's Patriot; J.
Ferris' Leah beat Murphy A.- Toland's Orna
ment; T. Nevlns' Nellie N beat 11. Allen m Al
berta; W. McCarthy*! Lily of the Valley beat
F. Brown's vitl.iße Belle; E. M. Kellogg - lowa
Boy beat M. Merigan'i Fawn: Fleming Bros.'
Flame beat O. 11. Lshu—n <■ Fireball.
Park Music To-Day.
Overture, 'Tuiinii>um,V Warner
"Saßovlenne" I>ans.- Espaamol Lacome
Scene* from the Opera "lone" Petrella
"Tho Pilgrim's B>.ri of Hope" Do.tlste
"Spring Jubilee in th- Alps" (rururl
The celebrated "lAtwtf' by Handel
Cornet sola, fantn.iln from the "Daugh
ter of the Regiment" I'upkt
(Performed by Mr K. Keller
Walts, "Temptation" Bolnjme»t
Descriptive. "A Hunt In th«" Black Form"
Vulkmer
March. "The New York »>">• Wald
« m ,
Dc Oro Wins at Pool.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2. -Alfredo de Oro
successfully defended his title as pool
champion of the world to-night by defeat
ing the Western expert. Fred PurtOfl of
Omaha. in the three nights' match of OX)
balls, continuous pool, at Maurice Daly'a
academy, the final play to-night ending
with the scare 600 against 47T>. A purse of
$300 and the gate receipts went to the
winner.
Death of Aeronaut McPherson.
Albert IfePltersoii, the aeromut, died
last evening at St. Lake's Hoapltal as the
result of Injuries received last Octoh.-r In
falling from a parachute at Glen I.irk
The parents of the deceased live in Oak
land.
SACRAMENTO
WINS OUT IN
THE NINTH
AI!-Ca!ifornians Succumb Be
fore League Team in a
Close Game.
Sacramento 3, All-California 1.
Everybody ha.l ■ good time at the baae
ball game yesterday afternoon between
Sacramento nnd All-California. It wat a
clean, fast exhibition of diamond nport.
with the interest sustained until the very
last Inning, when a blanket cf growing
dark* s.i covered the field as :mnto
won out.
All sorts of good thlng-a were seen—
triple play, phenomenal catches, soakers
In the way of hits and splendid pitching
by both Doyle and Knell. In the ninth
Eagan found the ball, which soared
over the center fence. This mada
things hum for .1 while. Chance,
early In the game, swatted the spheroid
for what would have been a three-bns
ger. but he made a detour of the m«>t
bag and was railed out
In the second Inning McCarthy wen; to
first on a hit and stole second, reaching
the third station on Kn<*l!'s hit and scor
ing on Johnson's out. Not another stroke
did the boy on the scorehonrd mak>> until
the eighth, when Sheehnn swatted a two
bagger, taking third on Htultzs sacri
fice. Then came MoLau;?h!ln for another
two-bagger and Bheehnn flew over th«
rubber. It looked as If there would fco
home more run-making at once. Har
vey took his bnse on balls. Sullivan hit
to Hulen. who shut out Ilarve" at sec
ond and doubled Sullivan at first.
The ninth started with Pagan's h->m*
run. Doyle, who mad»> first on Hulen's
error, second on Bhanahai hit and third
on Sheehan's hit. scored on ilulin's jug
gle of Stultz's hit.
The triple play came In tne sixtn.
Btults mad a couple of bases on a wild
throw; McLaughlln went to first on bnll*.
when Harvey bunted a pop fly to ivnell.
who threw to second, catching Stultz f»
fore he could recover, and McLa.ui;hlln
Buffered likewise at first.
The score shows the work or the pitch
ers:
SACRA MENTO.
Ati. n. dh. ca po a. c.
MrljuiKhlln. If ... 4 0 10 0 0 0
Harvey, rf 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Sullivan, lb 3 0 0 0 19 0 0
Ka^an. a. a 3 110 3 3:
St.. n !<•>-. c S 0 0 0 5 3 0
1 "<\l-\ p ♦ 110 3 11
Shanuhan, cf 4 0 10 10 0
Bheehan. 3b 4 1 1 • 2 S f
-Stultz, 2b 3 0 0 0 13 0
Totals 31 3 5 (l •:< U «
•Chance out for not tourhlng first b*a*.
ALL. CALIPOn.NIA.
AH K. 1111. SU. PC> A. E.
Van Haltrrn, cf .... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Mertea. lb 4 I 0 0 I 1)I 1 ) 0 0
Chance, c 4 0*1320
llulf-n. 3b 8 0 0 0 3 4!
I<nckhrad. I. I 4 0 0 0:3:
Hushes. Ib 4 0 10 3 I.'
McCarthy. If 4 1 1 0 S 0 i
Kuril, p 4 0 1 0 1 2 f0
Johnson, rf 4 9 10 10 0
Total. 33 1 < 1 Z1 12 «
RUNS AND HITS BY INN'INOS.
Sacramento > 000000 1 2—2 — %
Bas* hits ■> 10000032— »
All California 0 10000000—1
Base hits 0 20091912— •
SUMMARY.
Runs re*pon«lble for— Knell. 2: Doyle, I.
Home run— Hajari. Two-La?* hits— »»han.
McLaughlln. tfacrlflce hits— Johnson. Hasan.
Btolts. First base on errors— All California. 4:
Hacramento. C. First ban* on railed bail*—
Sarran^rt.. 4 Left on ba*es— All California.
*; Sacramento. 7. Struck out—Ujr Kn-:i 3; by
I>oyle. 4. Hit by pitcher— Hulen. I>ouble play
Hul«»n to flushes to Mertes. Triple play—
Knell to Loekbaad to Mrrtm. Jiumni ball—
Stanley Wild pitch— Doyle. Time of r»m«—
Two hours. t"m;>lr»- Sheridan. Official
■c >t«r. J. \V. 6tapl*tr>n.
Th*> same teams will play to-day,
Hughes an I Harvey In the box.
FITZ AND
JULIAN IN
A RUMPUS
The Ex-Champion and His
Brother-in-Law Fight in
a Chicago Hotel.
Bperlat r»l!ip«trh to The Pall.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2.-Ex-Champlon Rob
en Pltulnnnona and his old-tlmo man
ager, Martin Julian, have parted com
pany. This wai the result of a btttcr
quarrel in the pusnTst'a Toom at ffia
Sherman- House last night, at. which fist*
were fr*»ly swung and a revolver d!i
plnycd. ntastmrnotoa left for New York
City to-day, vowing h« fjraj don« with
Julian for good.
The disagreement comes after a series
of misunderstandings. According to the
stories of both mm It grew out of Fltz
slmmons' inability to obtain a box at tho
Lyric Th. ater during .1 crowded period.
Julian is interested In the Lvrlr. Tho
pugilist. It Is said, mad« certain remark*
of an uncomplimentary nature concern
ing the Lyric and Julian took him Co tn.-K
for it.
r s lit'l*' talk Jtill.-in i
hitr r.-Ho-.v In the I
-wuriK on his m.ir •
It sllKhtly i inn; ■
Fltzsimm>ns dpclare* ft
U'-r nnd that h>- '■ha.«>ci him
•■.
"Bob" WHO -Ir- -a 11
Robbed of Nin" Dollars.
During a scufflo on East street last
night Frank Ryan, a «eaman. rtropp»Ml
$0 from h!s pocket. The money was
picked up by John Duffy, another sea
man. Duffy rrfi:srd to give It up and was
taken to the Harbor police station on a
charge of pt-tty larceny.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
ro Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Hall
to All Who Write.
Free trial packages of a most remarka>
Me remedy are being mailed to all who
will write the State Medical Institute,
They cured so many men who had bat-
tied for years against the mental and
physical Buffering of lost manhood that
the Institute has decided to distribute
free trial packages to all who write. It
Is a home treatment and all men who
suffer with any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature-
loss of strength and memory, weak back
varlcocele or emaciation of parts can now
cure themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strenrth
and development Just where It Is needed
It cures all the Ills and trouble* that
come from years of misuse of the nat
ural functions and has been an absolute
success In all cases. A reonest to th«
BUM Medical Institute. 223 Electron
building. Ft. WavnP. Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial park!
ages will be complied with promptly Th.
Institute Is desirous of reaching thai
great class of men who are unable to
leave home to be treated, and the fre«
sample will enable them to see how ea"s
It Is to be cured of sexual weakness^ when
the proper remedies are employed. Th.
Institute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a fre« « m^i
carefully sealed In a plain p^ckag? P . 0
that Its recipient need have no t far li
embarrassment or publicity. Readers *¥.
, requested to write wUhout delay. *"Alameda
Irate Oakland Mothers-in-Law.
HIS BRIDE
PROVED HIS
INNOCENCE
Matthew Cushen Will Not
Spend His Time Behind
Prison Bars.
Oakland OfSce Saa'pnarfsco Can,
_ m Broadway. D*c. 1
■W>.erw there Is love there Is » v by
which & bride can save her husband from
r^tng to the penitentiary, notwithstand
ing her opposing mother— once, her rival—
rroves a tartar who would send her ««cn
t--Ixw behind the bars. The merit of this
»*=tteent was most b*saaUfully Illustrated
la the case of Matthew Cushea. chief en
gineer of the refrigerating department
aboard the trar.sport Sherman, who ap
peared to-day before Justice Quins on a
charge of having perjured himself in or
der to secure his bride and outwit his
■
The pretty young Mr« <>;«y.»n t**«tln*i
in court that »he had told her trosbaaj
fhe w»5 1* years of age. but the mother-
in-law aiSrmed that she herself hai in
formed Cushen that her daughter wa«
«••:'.'. too young to be a bride; that she
hid neen scarcely 17 summers. Cushen
fstlfied In hl« own behalf and vigorously
denied that he hai had any c- -.•--•.-: -.
with his n-. »ther-ln-Uw regarding his
Justice Qttlaa promptly discharged the
prlsoaerj District Attorney Allen and M.
C Chapman, who appeared as special
prc»*eutor. the defense In a mo-
tion for a dismissal. In a«k!r.< for a di«
rr.lfsal. Judr»> E. M. Gibson, who ap
; eared for Ccshca. slated that the pros-
<.-:ion was :r.*tig-at«»d by his client's for
mer rival. It was a>i ir.timat^i that
Mrs. Garcia, once had Inclinations marn
nonial-wise toward the aecu**«!. but
rh<»r* tr»* no testimony introduced en
these points.
3DEO N - - BRARY
BY DEPUTY ASSESSOR
■
■
-
Trading with us meansf ]
Ja saving of many dollarsf !
Jin your living expenses — ' ■
| with the assurance that' ,
I what you buy is guaranteed^
Jas to purity, wholesome- J
vness, freshness and quality. J ;
iCrosse & Blackwell's s
f Pickles bottle 30c^ j
Chew Chew indW»Tauts. Every »|
f b>-tUe prr«4ei with th* new na- f
\ pr*red e'.mxp i*p; regular »oc <ii-. \
J Lenox Soap 10 bars 21 ,
' Ct free theatre tjckrt* la "
A 'zch&agefor tbewTß^pcrs. A
(Java and Mocha Coffee a
••Oxrbrttblead." nmin^ On r \
t MotHl«T,Tae«Uyo«i:y.P -C0
Price's Cream Bak. 0
* Powder pound 30ci
\ Theoncvia; brand. Oaly \ !
V pnee towered. r !
fRc Oats .10 pounds 25c^
i Erst eaatcra. Steaas rolled. A
iColman's Mustard ;
f R^J,%V v pound can 25c^
f Gate Matches $
I nrgh-crade parlor niatca. ok? 3 l ci
(^Smith's Kippered Herring^
A EBgs'*b. wen known ran I^4
f brand; rrgular r^« •'•«• Can IDC T
Iliquor specials: f
A Delrrrred Iroa 73J li»r*. -t St. oaty. A
iKellogg's Whiskey. .bot 75c^
Tfae old Wil»<f f*r£on» brand. »
jNagle Brandy bottle $1.20?
¥ ii-oTinirge. Regular Si 50. Tht« f
A brand m claimed to t>- »T3per»or— a
V or at ■-; es-* 1 to Ueaaoey or ¥
a MarteL A
JPabst Malt Extract J
a Bottle 20c; dozen $2.BSi
" Con4rs«ed natnmeat of xa»lt.
and Rye bottle 75c?
§ Beech Run I/i* T l«n regular 9«. 9
\ Good hi cengis and cold*. \
*r& Market St. 8. F. Shattnck At. Berkeley f |
Jl •*) VTaaiisiTccOak Ontral At AUm«d*f I
r«i*^«sjwa,r «i*^«5jwa,- :th*Wood,Oak \
| -vro^iwmy. f
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
SHE LOVED
HER FORMER
SON-IN-LAW
Now Mrs. Meincrt Says if
She Had a Gun She
Would Shoot Him.
Oak ; a- I O~ce San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway, Dec 2.
■Where as unsuspecting- mother Is util
ized a* a steppir.g-stone to the heart and
aSectlons of her daughter by a love
sick swain trouble Is sure to follow.
A case In point developed to-day at th<?
second trial of Jacob C. Sehinld. charged
with having assaulted the parents of his
former wife with a revolver recently at
their home near Frultvale.
According to the testimony the accused
Jacob carrrf a daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. J. M. F. Meir.ert some years ag:>.
but for reasons that were never made
known to the public the couple did not
live together In happiness. Gossips said
there waa too much mother-tn-law. Soon
the couple separated and the wife secured
a di%"orce. Jacob, however, persisted In
renewing his suit for his ex-wife"s heart
and hand and won her over again: they
were remarried and for a time appeared
contented and at peace with the world.
But the old trouble was renewed and for
a second ume Mrs. Schmid sutsl for and
obtained a legal separation. Jacob, one
evening about a month ago,, called at the
Melnert residence to visit his ex-wife.
He was ordered off the premises by his
irate ex-father-in-law, reinforced by
Mrs. Meir.ert. In an altercation that fof
lowed Jacob is alleged to have whipped
out a dangerous looking pistol and
threatened to shoot off the to? of his
ex-rr.other-in-laWs h*ad. The strong arm
of the law. with Deputy Sheriff Qulnlan
as the motor, was called Into service, and
the chagrined, twice-married and doubly
divorced Jacob was bundled off to the
County Jail, charged with assault with a
deadly weapon. About a week ago a Jury
trlM him. but disagreed.
During the past two days the retrial has
b«*en on before a new Jury In Judge Hall's
court, and Jacob, it appears, came for
tlf.ed with newly discovered evidence. On
the witness-stand to-day In his own be
half Jacob testiried that the trouble be
tween himself and his wife had be»».i
brought en by his ex-mother-ln-latr. He
declared that before he married the
daughter he had made love to the mother
and that she had made love to him to the
extent of placing herself In a most com
promising position. "When I forsook the
mother." continued Jacob, "for th~
daughter It produced 111-feeling and
finally resulted in the separation of mv
se!f and wife."
-
-
HANNAH KEESING NOW
WANTS A NEW TRIAL
OAKLAND. D»c 2.— The Interesting
suit of Hannah Keesinz against her son.
I Albert B. Reusing, and the latter's wife
|to annul a promissory note for $+X»
which plaintiff alleged she. had given
her son in lieu of any further interest he
might expect in her will may be tried all
o\>r aguin. Mrs. Keesing's chief objec
tion to the existence of the rote was that
h»r d&ugfcter-in-law. to whom the note
hid bet-r. transferred, was about to dis
pose of it to third parties. Several days
after a sensational trial Judgment was
given to defendants, and to-day plaintiffs
u.tTorr.eys gave notice of their intention
to move for a new trial on the ground
I that their client was prevented from hav
ing a fair tr.al and also on the ground of
newly discovered evidence.
OAKLAND NOT A JAY TOWN.
Theater - Goers Appreciate Manager
Cook's Attractions.
OAKLAND. Dec. * -Manager Charles
Cook # « gr»at success In the recent Nance
O'Neil engagement at the Macdonough
Theater was unprecedented, and has re
vived the interest of Oakland theater
goer*. His popular price* have made
popular houses and his clever manage
ment has met with hearty appreciation on
a.:i ?!des. and the fact that Oakland Is not
a. Jay :own is cor.nrmed by the character
of attractions presented. Mr. Cook an
nounces that tor next week, beginning
with Tuesday evening. L. R. Stockwell.
supported by an exceptionally strong
company, will present that popular com
edy. -My Frten.l.From India." at the
Macdonough. On Monday evening. De
cember 4. in •'Old Kentucky." all with a
brand new scenic amplitude and the pop
ular features retained, Including the ex
citing; and realistic horse race, will oc
cupy the boards.
At the Dewey Theater 'The Westerner."
a typical drama of Western life and ro
mance, has had a very successful week.
and the attraction for next week will be
"Oliver Twist." with Landers Stevens as
L... Sykes.
Blind Man Goes Insane.
OAKLAND. Dec. i-Edward J. Fulton,
an Inmate at the Hca« for the Adult
Ui.r.c, wu to-day committed to the In
sane asylum at Stockton by Superior
Judg» Greene. Fulton is aged 33 years
and was admitted to the home a year
ar.d a half ago from the southern part
o. the State. About three months a^o
he began showing symptoms of an un
balanced mind. During gpells of despond
*2 cy , V.* fr «*s"""Uy threatened the liv-s
or re»tcrsF inmates, accompanying his
threats with the exhibition of a large
IQSTC
Figbt O-rer an Old-Time Saloon.
!
-nany
Victim of Blood Poisonine
, ° A .^ l t> N y- ,V.' C > =- E - *■ Mac*.
father of J. \\. Laymance. the well
known real estate man. Is reported lyins
seriously ill at his home, comer of
Twelfth and Alice streets, a «ufferer from
blood poisoning. Last Thursday he sus
tained a slight cut on the forefing-r of
the left hand and the tr.Jury was not re
rarded as requiring me.!Scal attention.
Dr. E. IL Woolsey. the family physician
is now in attendance.
King's Daughters' Bazaar
OAKLAND. Dec 2.-A bazaar and tea
wtll be riven by the Kings Daughters of
the Conzrecatlonal church at Frultvale
next Thursday and Friday evenings for
the benefit of the chapel and Home for
Incurables. The affair -will be under the
direction of Miss F. Feaxnside. president
and an energetic committee. * '
To Raise More Money
OAKLAND. Dec 2.— Councilman Mott
will introduce & vehicle tax ordinance on
Monday evening at the City Council The
municipal finances are «erlou3ly embar
rassed, and It -vii; need some kind of a
Uccimw ordinance to help the treasury
THE SAX FTCAXCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1899.
OAKLAND
"REV." J. H. W. HARRIS.
THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY
TO MOVE TO BERKELEY
The Divinity School of the Congrs-
gational Church Will Have
Large Buildings Near
the University.
BERKELEY. Dec. — The first active
stAp looking toward the removal of the
Pacific Theological Seminary from its
present site in Oakland to one in the uni
versity town has been taken in the secur
ing of a lot on which the future Binary
buildings are to be erected.
The new location is on the Hilleguss
tract. It consists of a large lot 26S feet
lone and IS4 feet deep, with the frontage
or. Bancroft way, ar.d lying between Bow
ditch and Barrow streets. Thus situated.
It will not only be in the central part of
the town but its close proximity to the
buildings of the State University prom
ises to brine it into close contact with the
secular instruction of the big institution.
The choice of site on the part of the trus
tees of the seminary probably anticipates
the erection of the magnificent buildings
which Architect Em;le Benard of Paris
has planned. When completed the en
larged university grounds will border on
those of the seminary, rendering it almost
an Integral part of the large system oC
collece buildings.
But few of the actual detail? of the
erection of the structures have yet been
decided upon. It is known that the trus
tees intend to have a building three stories
high. It has further been settled that the
material to be used In construction will
be the same as that employed for the
frrry depot in San Francisco. The work
of building, however, will not be begun
till the latter part of next year.
HEALTH BOARD OBJECTS
TO LAKE CHABOT WATER
Company Asked to Continue the Sup
ply From. Fitchburg.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 2.— At the meeting cf
the Board of Health held last evening it
was decided to ask the City Trustees to
request the Contra Costa Water Company
to continue to supply Alameda with water
from the Fltchburg plant after It assumes
control of the artesian water works. The
matter was brought up by Dr. Lubbock,
who spoke of the superiority of the Ala
meda water over that of Lake Chabot.
which he said was decidedly less pure.
The doctor further stated that even If the
Lake Chabot water was not less pure the
changing back and forth from artesian to
Lake Chabot water would be likely to
cause much illness. The Health Oacer
was instructed to make weekly analyse*
of the water supplied to Alameda and
report the results at the monthly meet-
Ings of the board.
An ordinance has been drafted forbid
ding the sale of opium, morphine and
their salts, cocaine and the bromides ex
cept upon a physician's prescription. Af
ter a few minor changes by the com
mittee It will be recommended to the City
Trustees for passage.
Health OfScer ham reported that
there had been fourteen deaths during th*
month of November, representing an an
nual death rate of 10.5 per thousand. Nine
births were reported for November, as
follows: Males. 2; females. 7. Births re
ported In November as occurring In Oc
tober: Males. 7: females, 5.
HTTNT IS CHAMPION.
He B«ats Selby in the Finals of the
U. C. Tennis Tournament.
ALAMEDA. Dec. I— la the contest for
the university tennis championship the
final set was played between Reuben
Hunt and Paul Selby at the AJameda
club's tennis court this afternoon. The
two racket wielders played a stubborn
fame throughout the Unals of the contest.
When the game was called last evening
owing to darkness each player had two
sets to hi* credit, and It was decided to
play the final set this afternoon. Hunt
beat Sclby in the final, the score being
C — ». This yives Hunt the singles tennis
championship of the University of Cali
fornia. The players were very evenly
matched and it was necessary to play the
entire five sets to decide who was entitled
to the championship. Hunt beat Selby
in the first set. <s—o.5 — 0. The next two sets
were won by Selby. — and 3— «. Hunt
won the two final sets. <>— I. 6—4. The
prix* to the winner was an elegant tennis
racket.
an's Estate After Death..
OAKLAND. Dec, *— Be?lnrJns with
next Monday nicht and on each evening
ui> to and Including Friday niffht there
will be an Interesting discussion in Ham
ilton Hall, corner of Thirteenth and Jef
ferson streets, between Miles Grant of
Boston and F. M. Sheehy of San Fran
cisco. The subject for discussion will be:
••Resolved. That the Bible and science
teach that man Is wholly mortal and ut
terly unconscious between death and the
resurrection." No admission will be
charted.
Wants His Salary Fixed.
OAJ .—ln the mar
- • impel
the lv.- his saiar- ••- city
- to-day de
i and ar.«w»r of r>»
n the grround that I
< t an alter
rempton
New Divorce Suits Filed.
OAKLAND. rv<' i— Alma Wilson has
filed suit for a divorce from Anton WH
scn. alleging failure to provide. Suit for
a divorce has also been filed by Enoch
Gustafson acalnst Bridget Gu*tafson. Th«
plaintiff, who 1* a ship carpenter, alleges
habitual intemperance on the part of de
fendant wife, who Is now believed to be
residing near San Pedro. Color.*! T. F.
Garrity appears as attorney in both suits.
Native Sons Elect Officers.
ALAMEDA. Dec. ;.— Alameda Parlor
No. 47. N. S. G. 'V . has elected the follow
ing officers for the ensuing terra: Presi
dent. P. H. Smith: nrst vice president.
Frank J. Phillips: second vice president.
H. L. Sousa; third vice president. H.
Bolte: marshal. W. Bamber; financial sec
retary. Max Gundlash: recording secre
tary. H. L. Transue; surgeon. Dr. H. M.
Pond.
Public Installation..
OAKLAND. Dec. :.— There will be a
public installation of the newly elected
offlcers of Live Oak Lodge. F. and a M
on the evening of December 23. as fol
lows: S. E. Wright. W. M. . G. W. Dor
nln. S. W.; R. W. Meek. J. W.; A. E. H.
Cramer, treasurer; J. J. Warner, secre
tary.
NEWS
of the Bay Cities
SOCIETY CONCERT
FOR HUMANE SOCIETY
Prominent Ladies of the University
Town Among the List of Pat
ronessss for the Enter
tainment.
BERKELEY. Dec. I— Miss Adeline
Knox. assisted by Professor Bernard
Maybeck of the University of California
and Miss Margaret Knox. will give an en
tertainment in Stiles Hall on the evening
of December 12. The affair is to be for
the purpose of raising funds for the bene
tit of the Humane Society of Alameda
County, and will be one of the aod^*r
events of the season.
win b» ndn the
■
Pro
■. Mr.
m K->:th and Mrs .
.
A RING ON A BELLE
and
A BELLE ON A RING
Ser. Fra:
90s Broadtcay. Dec. 2.
A ring and a b«lle and a :>•;'-»
with a ring have caused all kinila
of trouble and several ratta In
the Oakland courts.
The suit that caused the orig
inal trouble was brought In San
Francisco by R. D. Duke against
John A. Beckwith of Oakland to
secure the possession of a COO
diamond ring. Beckwith, b*ing a
resident of Oakland, had the nxit
transferred to this county and
the story came out.
The ring originally belonged tc
Mrs. Charles Reynolds, the wife
of a clerk of on* of the Santa
Clara County Superior courts The
ring was Intrusted to Mr. Rey
nolds one day, which was an evil
day for the (tag. for It fell into
the hands of a young woman, now
Mrs. Mann. Mrs. Reynolds want
ed to know what became of n«-r
ring and discovered Its loss. Be
fore she was able to trace the rtnsr
It had passed Into the hands of
John A. Beckwlth of this dry,
who loaned $2C*) on it. Then Mrs.
Reynolds assigned her claim la R.
D. Duke and Duke sued Beckwltlx
for the ring.
"All I know about this suit."
said B*ckwith to-day, "is that I
took the ring out of pawn for the
lady in question. I did not want
her to los« the ring for the
amount that had been loaned on
it And I gave COO to get it out of
pawn for her. The ring wai
pawned for JIOO. I gave that
amount and 1100 more. This is &
business transaction and the suit
cannot lie.
"Th- only way In which they
could make a suit stick against
me is to say that the ring wa*
given to me by the girl after its
having been given to her by Rey
nolds. When I originally put up
the money for the ring I knew
nothing about its early history.
It vis not until a few months
ago that I learned the full story
that Km Reynolds claimed that
the ring had been given away by
her husband. That has nothing
to do with me or my claim to the
ring ar.d I do not propose to re
linquish that claim."
The belle is still after the ring.
Married at Hay-wards.
HAYWARD& Dec. :.-Th^re was a.
quiet wedding here a few days ago. at
which Miss Elr.ora Culp became the bride
of James H. Gray. In fact it was so
quiet that half the town was not aware
that the ceremony had taken place until
a day or so later, although the young
p-?ople ha.i been engaged for a long time.
A relative of the bride died only a <»hort
time before, and although elaborate prep
arations bad b«tn made for a general
•weddin? reception the sorrow in the
family made necessary a change in the
plans. This was why the young folks
went quietly to the Hay wards Congrega
tional church or. Wednesday evening and
were made husband and wife in the Dres
•nce only of immediate relatives. On th»
following day Mr. and Mrs. Gray de
parted for the southern part of the State
to spend their honeymoon. Upon th-ir
return they will reside here, where Mr.
Gray has several business Interests. The
bride is well known In Oakland and Ala
meda County society. She Is the niece of
Daniel Culp of San Felipe.
Will Close the Controversy.
LAND. Dec L— Ra • - M -
■
- ■
to the Philippine Islands as a chaplain
lr. th-? r-gular Cnlted State 8 arm',
re on Monday evening at St. X
de Sales Hall upon ' - liers In Ma
nila." This will be the r^\^r-nd father's
last lecture in California before t
parture for the Philippine Inlands on
Tuesday next, and it Is quite likely that
he will make hia last statement with re
gard to the raccel controversy that has
been raging over the looting .>f char
In the Islands by the An.
A "mail admission wtU be charged for the
benefit of the parish.
To Reopen the Thalia.
OAKLAND. Dec 2.— An attempt Is be
ing made by E. J. and John N. H.itrel. on
behalf of Mrs. Charley, to reopen the
Thalia saloon on the San Leandro road.
The petition to this effect was filed with
the Supervisors to-day, signed by T. J.
Leonard. John Whalen. W. Butenou Mrs.
Huttle Miller, Frece Rocker. J. H. Pllster
and Thomas Cordes. Ther»; will be a
tight over the granting of the license.
■ ♦ ■ 1
About 20.000.000 false teeth are produced
annually In the United States, .. a. r lv all
being the product of Philadelphia fac
tories. About 43/00 ounces of gold are
ju*d with this output.
Berkeley
BISHOP NICHOLS
DISOWNS "REV."
J. H. W. HARRIS
Investigation From
Far New York.
♦
MAN OF MANY ATTAINMENTS
— •
LAY READER. EVANGELIST. AC
TOR, NEWSPAPER 31AN, ETC.
a - Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
SOS Broadway. Dec. 2.
An Investigation has b«t*n started from
Stew York ad to the "Rev." J. H. W. Har
ris, formerly of this city, and this investi
gation has called forth some criticism of
this remarkable gentleman. It would
seem from dome correspondence that has
passed lately between New York, hi*
present home, and Oakland, his former
home, that the claims of the "Rev." J.
H. W. Harris to an interest in the Protes
tant Episcopal church were disputed by
the high officials of that denomination.
Harris is now In New York and has
been attending the famous John-street
prayer meetings in the little old John
strtet Church, one of the most famous
churches in the great city. He has been
taking a very active part in the proceed
ings of this noonday business men's
prayer meeting and has been trying to
obtain some active part in the evangelistic
work there conducted. 111 Hams did
not wholly impress the participants la
this active work, and one of the leaders,
E. D. 6n;:T*n. wrote to Oakland asking
that Bishop Nichols of . the Episcopal
church be seen. •'-'■ "
"Concerning Rev. James H. W. Harris.
who claims to have been a minister ot a
parish between Oakland and Golden Gate,
he is here, a non-sectarian, without en
gagement, wears priestly clothes, a big
silver cross on his watch ribbon ana
states that he left the Episcopalian
church, having become disgusted with
sectarianism."
This request brought forth an answer
from Bishop Nichols in which he says
with regard to Harris:
"Harris has for years posed as an ex
clergyman of our church, and time and
again public announcement has been mad
of the faUity of the claim. For a short
time h«s was a lay reader, but the license
had tv be withdrawn. He was never ad
mitted to any sisp toward the ministry.
After having his license withdrawn h
! became successively an independent evan
gelist, business man. actor, etc., and h»
managed to keep himself before the pub
lic. 1 '
Harris has had a most varied career.
and. as Bishop Nichols says, has manage 1
to keep before the public gaze. He began
as a lay reader in - little church that re
had built near Emeryville. He tried to
gather a part.*.- around him. but did not
succeed, and he had the rather remark
able experience of having his church
building sold under foreclosure for th»
; lumber in it. Then he started a mission
in a tent at the corner of Seventh and
Market streets. In this city, and those who
remember him will recognize Mr Sniflen's
description of the priestly clothes and the
big sliver cross. He always affected the
most ultra-priestly attire, though not aa
ordained minister of any denomination.
Then Mr. Harris drifted out of Oakland
and tried San Francisco as an evansellst.
but failed. Then he went on the road aj
an actor In a heavy melodrama, which
went on the rocks in an interior city.
After that Mr. Harris tried the bound
ing East and plunged Into New York,
with what result Mr Bntffea shows. Since
his ..-rival in that city he has been an
actor and an evangelist, and then wrote
his experiences or the New York papers,
tirst as an actor In the pulpit and then as
a minister on the stage. Now the John
street prayer meeting is looking up his
record, and this is the strange history
j that they f.nd.
ADDING TO THE
EBELL LIBRARY FUND
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
906 Broadway. Dec. 2.
The Oakland Transit Company has
made a generous offer to the ladles of the
Eb«ll Society to help along' the library
site fund. They will donate 15 per cent
of their gross income for any day next
week, the day to be selected by the so
ciety. Mr. Kelly writes as follows:
OAKLAND. Cal.. Dee. 2. 1331.
Mrs. R. P. G!e*soa. President Ebell Society.
Oakland, Cal.— . -»- Jlaixc-.: A' but little -•-..«
remains la which to secure the necessary
funds for the, purchase of a library site, the
Oakland Transit Company offers as a contribu
tloa to this fuad (15) -----. per cent of the
grots reoelDts of any day a«xt we«lc which
your #oclety mar select. Unless you prefer
tome other day we would suggest December J.
as our receipts are usually l*ix*r on Satur
day. If the weather coadtioas are favorabl*
and your friends and neighbors are requested
t>> oatroalze the cars on that day, we nope to
give you a substantial contrtbuttoa. W« shali
request that ca the day selected all our em
ployes and »':\ others having free transporta
tion pay their fare.
Th« end Is now la sight and we know you will
win. Wtshinr you the fullest realization of
your her**, we remain, very truly.
THE OAKLAND TRANSIT CO..
W. F. KELLY. Gen-ral Manager.
The following additions were made to
the fund to-day:
Mrs. W. H. H. Grave* t 50
A frl-nd _ M
Mrs. T. P. Eraijca w i 00 I
Clay Emljch M
Endie Emlgh M I
A friend 15
Camlllonl & LagorU 2 50
Mrs. Minnie F. Swayxa.. 2M-
Oak Lodge No. 103. K. of P 5 00
William Morris 10 00
Veda Hatfield M
OUvla Sharp 50
E. Gill it*
Mrs M. K. Blake »00
Mrs. Mather i '•)
Three patron* 4 CO
Mabel Hates •' 23
A friend * 3*
< « friend • 100 1
Mrs. W. M Wells 5 CO'
Mrs. F. H. Barnes 1 af
Mr* J. K. Orr W W
Albion Ledge No. 2f« 10 00
Dr. W. D. Hutlngton IN
Dr. Prath'r . : v
Cunninshaa Bros 5 W
D. F. Oliver » ••
T. Foster 100
J. F. Palmer 100
A J. Sayder 23 ft)
London and Parts Cloak Company 2 M
Cash ... IN
A- F. Merrtnvan '- 3 <*)
A friend 2 50
Mrs. Arthur Brown w »
Cash ... in
Mr*. Noble 2 •»
MUm Sanders ID m
A school I SO
Mrs. 11. M. Ward I 04
Miss L. E. Ward 2 •»
James P. Taylor 20 •»
Mrs. A. L. . •nrham 3 00
Mrs. E. C. Newell ... 200
A friend 50
W. 11. Qaiosi... s 00
Minnie Coffee : 23
R. R. R. . 130
Frank Harrison 54 i
Pottle Nelson 25
H»l«r. Cooitaa SO
Alice W. Williams issl
Florence Biirrell 25
Jullen Matthleu so
Laurence Matthlea SO
CHILDREN'S LIST.
Rath Ellis IS 1
Dalllba. Thorn fin 23
Harold Hobart 25
Lawrence Hob«rt 25
Kenaetb ban 25
Gladys Courtata 23
G»nevteTe McDonald 23
Edcar Farley 25
Alma Farley M
Baby Kern 23
Irene I . ad ZS
Ethel Hubert 23
NEW PLEDGES.
r>c*raber I— Charca A Snook 13 «•
.December Dr. —F. Htrri^. iCO
ADVZBTISEMXJrrS.
" CALTHOS "
Prof. Laborde's Marvelous French Cure for Lost Manhood.
FIVE DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
Sent Absolutely Free by Sealed Mail To All Sufferers.
mmg^rnggggm No c * °- D - 0R DEPOSIT SCHEME.
l^^y^i^iMla The only prrparatioa known to science which m"y
-r-l, <£m y-' «-v cares Lost Maahood is •• CALTMOS." the marreloa*
m£?jir?\ U4AI MZ"-^^ French remedy itscovered by Prof. Jale* Laborde. It i»
Shfect '.•'.■«■ (• *-. '5 controlled 13 this coaatry by The Yon Mohl Company. o#
yH/v^flßra " ~~,*& Ciaciaaui, Ohio, a coacera which occoptt* a h:jh aad
9- \^t| /[ c>Sr honorable place ta the worUl of medtctae. It is one of ih*
mrL -*-i?^P» ■;/ Largest aad. mo«t respoasiblc house* ia Cincicaa*.. 44
Vr^y.'^^^f \.I J^Xl aayoae who ta acqoaiated :a that aty will testify.
m&W^'&y - n ~^\ . The Voa Mohl Compaay iaTit»s all men amffenag
»r'"^iSl^ 1 y /I 1 //A fro=l Lo * t Manhood Spermatorrhcn. Vartcocelc. Small
» ■<-TU- f ~f /O^s. // M Parts or Weakae** of any aatar- 13 the .v*rrej or Sexual
Ttrfrif.-Ztff AStf 'T^y/i.lr Organs, to tend their aaaes and receive a five days 1 treat-
!El&P#2w /&&&// 111 meat. This will proTe the wond«rfal vitaiixlag pciwera
m'"V£&r M&&77//1 . c: "CALTMOS." After a«iag it five days the sufferers
•fV.^ij [• . < w>'///i l / 1 w-.n aad aew vigor is their organs, new force ta their
■S^idii fcp\}^ / // V* 1 maples, aew blood ia their T»nj, st* ambition, asJ
■fan \^T^*"^' \\ rapid progress toward the tmoyaat fee»:ags aad •easa>
S»' ?A W \1 I l\\ I This liberal free offer is geaaine. Ther? is ao rwtnd-
Kgg/ -<A V \\ l/\i ling CO.D. or Deposit Scheme connected with it. The BTe
KS*tS&**\ V V 11/ \l days' treatment is sent by sealed Bail to all ca rrr;^;*:.
Bsf ■!■>?-• v ** ' I) I wrapped in a plain package, aad full priatcd inatracuasj
Sf'/ :^»^^ s v \ 1I 7 \ «ccoap*njr the medicine, §0 that each pa;;eat becomes
Bh* "• La •/ 1 I\\vJ his owa * ioc:or **■* cares hiaiel/ at home.
Pjy- . » iy I: doesa't make any differecc* what caased the weak*
fiw f-V 1 »—' -<"» ness— whether bid habits ia voath. or excess, or over*
«BvsfeviiH ra"' \ • work, or business tronble*. <; CALTfIOS - wtU eiTrct a
EsJ£V:^jpl'jH| L^ \ care, ao matter what big name the «i.*ea»<: may be callti
ICftjf V|'i*^s| JmL\ I 7 *"- V3 ~ Mohl Com pasy treats all eorrespoadee -ia
□ntV <r^;fl| CSrS I perfect coaadence. Uader co condition* will it make
: ;. v^r^^B EStli>'\ 1 public the =ar=T* of the thcuvaad* •»h.-> Ut* writt-a t-v
PP^?^r--' ; -j^ay '/flilbi?! 1/ tiaoaials tellia » of th-ir reitiratioa to robust manhood
By3?r'.^vWW / after other r=-itci = and a pol.ances have proved worth-
V&' } ' jj^g / ofi ▼ a '-** "CALTMOS" . •> rt^:-ir'.y ukJ ia the P--nch aad
S& ':■ JE FSi 7 IA German arm:e*. aad the soldiers i 3i 3 tho«e connrnes have
EF^JbS hXt I /-i come to be perfect mode!« of »:r-=?th a= . T::a!:!y. Car-*
•J--V ijES £.:■/ />:1 «re effected at all age* from tw»atytT ?-:irh:T y-ar» Thtre
Si*i-JO I s*B' At *no "*** except wh— e the «ta;e cf ec:>piy or taiaaity
fiK^BKß*fu7 f '/V has been reache.i which it will cot radically.' quickly an i
I.C ■ MPJT \ i^Sw perraaaently cure Sexual weak tot does act csr- i:»e::'.
"r^i^J^^^n 1\ Vuii^J'K ■»■-■»•« w .r*e from week to w--k. Each day aggravates
(£*& I V \yfr c :ii - =eatal aad physical i=r-:*h.
r \m^ . Send today for the fre« 5-» days* trial treatment. If it
. helps you. more of the inedtcine can be purchased. If it
does set celp, ao harm is dose aad no money has been paid oat Voa can *rsd roar use in
the fall knowledge that it will be kept from all. The M CALTHOS " departaent of oar busiaew
is strictly confidential. Address application* for trial treataent. etc to
THE YON MOHL COMPANY. 554 B, Cincinnati, 0 .! p T^S^lT aplL'ca%2i«lSJa p 1L'ca%2i«lSJ
FRATERNAL NEWS
Continued from Pajr- Rftaci
GOLDEN JUBILEE OF
STATE'S ADMISSION
NATIVE SONS TAKE FIRST STEPS
FOR A CELEBRATION.
Effecting an Organization to Manage
the Biggest Show San Francisco
Ever Planned.
There was a meeting last night In Bal
boa Hall, in the Native Sons' building; of
representatives from the local parlors of
the Native Sons of the Golden West to or
ganize the convention that shall arrange
for the 9th of September celebration In
ISOO, the golden Jubilee of admission.
Frank H. Dunne was chosen temporary
chairman and J. J. Lerman temporary
secretary.
James J. Jamison. Lewis F. Bytngton
and W. D. Shea were earned a committee
on credentials. They reported the follow
ing named accredited representatives as
members of the convention:
California No. I— W. D. Shea. James P.
Docker>-. Charles A Boldemann, E. My
ron Wolf. J. J. Jamison.
Par:: M -James D Ph»!sr.. Jam«
D. A. Ryan. Henry
Golden Gate No. »— F. Suhr Jr., D.
Wilson. J. Bailey. Joseph Harrington, W.
King.
Mission No. 3— J. P. Attken. John Por
cher. J. Ellis. F. H. Mills. F. C. Gerdes
San Francisco No. <:>— Thomas £.
Hearty, John Henniaz. Ed L. . 'tore
Walter Collier. John Nelson.
El Dorado No. 32— F. Bragg. E. P. Egan
L. Mayer. J. C. Martin. J. Col via.
Rlncon No. 72— T. H. Vivian. John F.
Finn. William E. ,>•■■. J. P. Donovan.
J. J. Handler.
Stanford No. :<— A. H. Gtanr.lnl. J. J.
Lennan. J. W. Lewis, F. H. Kerrigan. J.
J. •McCarthy.
Verb* -.-i— Fred W. Lees. L. J. Au
bert. M. J. Sheenan. J. E. O'Donnell. C.
E. Fredericks.
Bay City No. IM— H. G. W. Dlnkelspell.
H. L. Gunsburgher, E. W. Levy. Henry
Edward. Henry A. Jacobs.
Nlantlc No. 105— Lewis Bylngton. J. B.
Ke«r.an. F. Mordecal, D. Stoney. T. H.
Bettennan.
National No. 11«— W. E. McCreery. P.
G. dv Py. F. P. Wehe. W. M. Brown. H.
F. Llnkendey.
Columbia No. 121— F. H. Dunne. J. S.
Partridge. I. Harris. J. R. Howell. P. V.
Long.
Hesperian No. 137— J. H. Roxburgh. L.
H. Kohn. R- P. Doolan. C. B. Fenn, H. T.
Shepston.
Alcatraz No. 143— J. L. Gallagher. I.
Llchenstetn. T. J. Barry. James Morri
son. B. P. LaDachet.
Alcalde No. .54— R. Achwayler.
South San Francisco No. IST— E.I Taaffe.
Lout* Nonnemann. N. Halllnan. Daniel
Harringrton. Joseph Hoare.
Sequoia No. IS)— C. L. Torre*. L. M
Barman. R. D. Barton. H. Shipper. L,
C. Pistolesl-
Preclta No. IST— H. S. Spauldlng. "W. C.
Miller. D. J. Wren. J. E. Behan. P. Cur
tis.
Olympus No. l<&— W. Abbott. W. I. Mul
cn*avy. P. Cullen. P. Diet*. A. Mocker.
Presidio No. IM— E. E. Fisher. W. J.
Donlon. L H. Mooser, John Scott. W. W.
Sanderson.
Marshall No. ■I was not represented In
the meeting.
On motion of C O. Fenn the »rand of
ficers and past grand presidents of the
order resident in this city will b* ad
mitted as members of th- convention.
The meeting then adjourned until the
second Saturday in January next, when
a permanent organization will be ef
fected.
Ban Nude Through the Streets.
On Wednesday morning an" unknown
man divested himself of his clothing on
Leaver. worth street, between Pine and
California, and rushed through the streets
in a nude condition. He was seen about
half-past S o'clock by a grtprr on the
California street line and no further trare
of him can be found by the police. His
clothes, consisting of a black coat and
vest and a light pair of pants, were pickM
up by a paper carrier a little later. The
man wore patent leather shoes and his
clothing was in pood o-mditlon.
More Turbeya Condemned.
Chief Karl Inspector Wltzeraann yes
terday condemned five boxes containing
100 turkeys at the stall of Zamltt & Co.
in the Washington Market. I^ter :n the
day Chief Food Inspector Deroto sent
about 60CO pounds of Thanksgiving birds
from A. Fodera's store on Montgomery
street to the fertilizing works. B-»th !ot»
were pronounced by the Inspectors as un
fit for human food.
Architect Hamilton Dies.
OAKLAND. Dec. Z.— Frederick F. Ham
ilton, the well-known architect, died at
hi« home near Hay wards to-day. A week
ago he contracted a severe cold, which
developed an ulcer in bis throat, and
heart fall . followed. Deceased was a
native of Maine. a*»d about 47 year- He
van formerly a draughtsman. Twenty
years ago he formed a copartnership with
G. W. Perry and up to the time of his
death he was Junior member of the (Inn
of Percy & Hamilton, architects of the
Aiaraeda City Hall. Mr. Hamilton leaves
a widow and two daughters.
Elks" Memorial Services.
OAKLAND. Dec. Z.— The Oakland lodge
of Elks will hold their memorial exercises
at the Macdonough Theater to-morrow
afternoon. Exalted Ruler George TV*.
Reed. has arranged the exercises with the
assistance of A. T. . Macdonough. the
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments, and the most expressive services
in the history of the lodge will be the
result.
WILL HONOR MEMORY
OF DEPARTED MEMBERS
SERVICES TO-DAY BY SAN FRAN-
CISCO LODGE OF ELKS.
Programme of Exceptional Excellence
Has Been Arranged — Names of
Those Who Will Par
ticipate.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3. Benevolent
and Protective Order of Elks, will hold
services this afternoon at the Grand Op
era-bouse In memory of those of Its rr.*~.
bers who have Joined the great majority
during the past /ear. A programme of
unusual excellence befitting the solemnity
of the occasion has been ami and U
as follows:
Orchestra. "R**urrectien'* (Keler).
under direction of I. Fenster: opening
ceremonies, tne Lodge: soprano solo.
•"Come Unto Me" (Hawley*. Miss Ttl
lie Morrlssey: responses. ofScers of •: •
Lodge: invocation. Rev. M. S. Levy;
orchestra. "O Salutarls Hostia"
(Faurej: oration. Brother J. J. Bar
rett; barytone solo, "The King of :> •. -
My Shepherd Is" (Gounod). Wlnfred
Goff; In Memo rt am. Brother Leo Coo
per: tenor solo. "Abide With Me"
(Llddle). Emile Barrangan; eulogy.
Brother Charles L. Patton; orchestra.
"Der Erlkj^anr" fKretchmeh): bene
diction. Rev. J. H. Macomber. post
chaplain. U. S. A.; orchestra. "Amer
ica."
Six of the lods* members have been
called by death during the year, among
them being some of tho*e who were m-*st
active in the organization's welfar*. Th«
names of those in who*« m»?m«ir>" the ser
vices will b* held follow: S. B. C»rleton.
V. W. Crysler. H. F. Emeric. A. P. Ho
tallng Jr.. Herman Kobbe and Henry C.
Lathrop.
The memorial committee consists of A.
J. Carmany «chalrman». T. O. Heyd*n
feldt (secretary*. T. E. Dunne, J. N. Odeil
and E. N. Short-
COLLEGE MEN BANQUET.
Delta Kappa Eps:lcc Gtv»s It* Twen-
ty-Third Annual Feast.
About sixty quests ga.th.»r*d around tha
mahogany In the maple room of the Pul
ace Bstel last evening to participate In
the twenty-third annual dinner of t .•
Delta Kappa Epsilon College Fraternity.
The dinner was representative of no par
ticular college, but was composed of mem
bers of the different chapters •.: the »o
ciety collected from the graduate* of
nearly every prominent institution of
learn: In the enure United States.
An excellent menu was served, and th«
change of courses was varied by the ren
dition of college songs, the telling of col
lege Jokes and th<» utterances of college
yells, u-hicn were given wtth a vim that
made the rafters ring and startled the po
liceman peacefully sleeping on his c**:
some two or ••-.'-- blocks away.
The dinner wa§. as is customary when
old college chums gather together to cel
ebrate, a thoroughly enjoyable affair, and
went along wtth a "zip. ooom and ah"
that carried Its participants far into tha
next day before they commenced to real
ize that time was passing and it 'was
necessary to get a little sle-p.
Fisher Ames acted as toastmaster. ar.<l
at his request the following *• -:>—•-.
said something appropriate to the occa
sion: Warren Gregory. Jarae* Booth. T.
R. Bishop. D. A. Worable. D. E. Hewlett.
L. L. Greene. C. L. Ttlden. G. A. Harker.
Horace Platt. Dr. B. P. WaU and A, C.
Ellis Jr.
TKOUBLE OVER FUSNITUBE.
A Woman Arrested for Grand Lar
ceny and a Man for Perjury.
Mrs. Fannie M. Austin was arrested
yesterday afternoon on a charge of grar.d
larceny, and Charles DeWltt Spencer,
manager of a medical company, on a
charge of perjury. The complaining wit
ness against them Is Mrs. F. C. Gehrtcke.
1432 Geary street. The trouble was oTer
some furniture.
The three formerly lived at 3SZ Geary
street, and when Mrs. Gehrlcke went to
New York she left the other two la charge
of the furniture. When she returned they
had moved to H22. and she went there.
After stopping for a U m days she was
surprised to find that Mrs. Austin c'..i:~- 1
the furniture on an alleged bill or tale
from her.
Mrs. Gehrlcke also discovered that
Sp*nc«r had mortgaged the furniture for
ff[* on the pretext that he had obtained
a bill of sale from Mrs. Austin, the. owner,
hence the charge of perjury. Mrs. Austin
says that Mrs. Gehrlcke sold the-furni
ture to her for 5700. but as she wanted
IZjO tnoie she gave Spencer a bill of sale,
so that he could raise the mon«*y which
was paid to Mrs. Gehrlcke. Sp«nr*r sayi
that Mrs. Gehrlcke Is owing him K3CO. ad
vanced at different times.
Pawed a Worthies* Check.
Louis Joos. saloon-keeper. >" Mission
street, swore to a complain: la • Judg«
Treadwell's court yesterday far the ar
rest of Robert L. Crooks, capitals and
beneficiary of the rooks estate, on the
charge of obtaining money by falxe pre
tenses. It Is alleged that June 1) las*.
Crooks obtained O> from Joos giving hisj
a check for J-:_ on tiie First National
Bank and on presenting It at the bosk ha
was Informed Crooks had no money «ia
deposit, although at one time he had an
account there Crooks was arrested and
released on his own recognizance by Judge
Mogan.
The Maccabees Ball.
A LAM EDA. Dec. 1-Alimeda Tent No.
32. Knights of the Maccabees, gave a suc
cessful ball and cakewalk la Armory F»H
this evening The committee la chare*
had been hard at work for several
months past completing arraac«m«ncs
for the affair An enjoyable time »M had
by the, large crowd la inniim
1314
SOCIETY
THE pa.«t w*vk has be<*n a gala one |
for Fodrty. Th« football match,
dinners and swell dance* have bad
the cheerful accompaniment of fair
weather, and the Thanksgiving ;
festival rim certainly be considered in the j
light of a great success.
The novel "coif cotl'lon" to be given on j
th« afternoon of December 23 from 3 j
o'clock to 7 Is exciting great Interest and ;
3 rc:r.ii«<*s to bo tho success of the Eaason. |
All are expected to uppear In golf cos- j
VJ33O. and tn« brilliant colors will tend to j
r<*::dur tha event a taost :.ov«J and pic- 1
vjresque one. A cotillon will be danced. -I
with 11. M. Grccnway as leader. The In- ■
lit&Xlosa uro limited to 2DO. Mrs. South- I
zs& Hoffman, Mra. Pdham Am.**. Mrs. E.
}•". I'reutoa. Mra. Charles Josselyn. Mrs.
Morgia. Mrs. E. J. McCutchen. Mrs. Sam
uel Knight. Mrs. S. O. Murphy, Mrs. Kit- ,
;:e u:.ii Mis? Haccr will bo the patronesses [
■ : x\e affair.
The "Twenty-minute Workers of St. '
Laics i Churcn held a saie and tea In th« I
buadi* school ruonu of tho new church
> '•.•-•.< may aJuruoon and evening and will
! a coattxmed on Monday afternoon. There ;
\vu.-> iuuslc Junrg tbo afternoon and even- '
ing. iii.l refreshments were served. Th* i
patronesses aro: Mrs. David Clal bourne i
•;u:r.-.t. 3Jrs. A. N. 1 >ruwn. Mrs. Henry ;
. . Scott, lire. Sydney XL Smith. Mrs. '
■ 31111. Mrs. liomcr S. King. Mrs. ■
Ola I. Moate&Kie. Mr?. J. G. Hrujfuier«. I
~!r;. Sy^iß^y - V*f % - Wy^k. Mre. I'hi.ip Ca^
<iw, Mr.-. Augustas WeUce, Mr««. Warrea i
»lark. Mrs. de S^nta Marina. Mrs. Kich- !
Atrd H?ath. Mrs. Augustus Kodgvrs. Mrs
J. G. <"!^rk. Mrf. John «Jray. Mrs. George •
}L KelloKjr. Mrs. Henry L. liavis. Mrs. j
-\. U. l*belp«, Mrs. 1L C. Davis. Mra.
« )v.nU k Uibi's. Mrs. Wi!'.lam Ori*sim, Mrs
•.;o H. Towers. Mrs. Theodora E •
Bmith, Mrs. li. p. Norris. Mrs. John i
Simpson. Mr*. K. T. Alien. Mrs. A. I'
T;.:!*)t. Mlsa Miry ». Wetit, Mrs. J. O'U
[■_-■••■. Mrs. 'Jij(i«>Jor« Tracy. Mrs. John
I . Swift, Mrs. <i. A. Armstrong. Mrs
' : r i s U ,ji ;kt * r i iln i- , K - iL Miss
}.. L. Muririn, Mrs. L. Aldrtc'i, Miss
May JJoyt, Mrs. Alfred B. Field. Mrs.
.ijunos Cunningham. Mra. James Carolan,
Mrs. IK. Edgerton, Miss Maude Hourn".
;.lrs.; .lrs. Airzed Hlack. Mrs. C. L. Mavnard
Mis. D. A. Header, the Misses Jones Mrs'
Sh 01 ** ' KI1 " e i Mr «- Willlani Carson
booths 11 * 411 "? Wh ° WUI con<luct the Beveral
Th« doU booth— Mrs. Sydney M. Smith
"fj^rted hyliin Evelyn Stocker. Mlw
«y.rovicv« Carolan. Miss Helen Glbbs.
.. !s» Mary bcott. Miss lWr.icc Drown
toJlth!!^ 1 * Smcdbers and Ml « Helen
Th« candy booth— Urn Homer B Klre
aFsiFfHl by Miw Jet-sio Mllmor*. Miss
Cnrlstensea, Miss Ca-Iwalader. Miss
<.t«wiy. Miss ild'lur.B, Miss Van Wvok
MJss Render. Miss Davics Ml-s Avert*'
Miss Holfcrook and Mrs. John Evelyn
IWr<-shm<«nt booth— Mm. Geonje Buck
ißffaua. ■s^'.stM by Mm. H«jry S^ale.
Mlsa Marj- Heath. Miss Florence Carr
MJss Kva Hountr<'««. Miss Dlrk^ns Miss
Edn* MJddleton. Miss LIU rVAJw. Miss
MJm.Jj I;.- Jeers. Miss Matr.lo Rodpors.
>1:«^ M|-ta Ihomrson, Mi?s Morton. Miss
Beln s. Miss HoLion and Miss Ann FV'd
Art bofth— Mrs. E. A. IJelcher. aßs!fted
by Mrs. William K. Clun<»ss Jr.. Mrs. Vil
lUm 11. Bertseh; Mrs. Harold la Boy
t'-..ur Mm. Hamuel MrMurtrle, Miss
?«s?ft Un *sf • 20** J desslck t Mss> Church.
Miss Ix>w.i». Miss Lyons. Miss Voorhies
Miss Florence Ston«. Mirs Mary Turn
l.ull, Ml^s FpauJdirg and Mlas Hunting
ton.
Lir.r-n booth-Mrs. Alfred B. Field. assisted
by Mrs. <.harl<*s GiMs, Mrs. John Middle
t,n Mrs. Charles 11. 6ton«\ Mrs. William
X Wjtwn. Mrs. William Fitthuph Berry
Miss M.-u-parct Col*», Miss Mabel Bacon
and Mm «:harlotte Flr-ld.
<"'ranr« tr»»»— Miss Kieanor Wood, Miss
l3<*anor l*av#>Tjr-ort. aesisted by M'ss
Edith Pni.bury. Miss Avertll, Miss K«te
«;unn. Mifs N«treU Drown, Mips Eliza
2i:!n»». the Misses Sidney and Fdna
Davis, M!.-s Hatel Kinp. the Mlffcs Kate
and Alice Hrrr!n. Mlfs Norris. Miss Myra
]';<lafhe and Miss I'reula Green,
Paacj arti.i.- booth— Mrs. L»nul» r.
Monteacie. assisted by Mrs. u«irv T
Bcott. Mrs. Krc-d 11. IJeavcr, Mrs. James
Cunningtaxra, Mrs. Stewart BrJdwln. Mis.
IVarrea I>. t.'laik. Mrs. Andrew Talbot
Mrs. A. l\ H<-<Mink\ Mrs. J. P. Lans>
home. Mrs. Frunk Madison, ilrs. Edward
Ja.of.n. -Mr?. Wak«-ti»-lrl Haker. Mrs. Car
rill Oum»x>n. Mlfs Helen Kline. Miss Su
•■!•• Kuk-MI. Mlsk lAzzl? Black«-r. Mias <1c
>".inta M.iritia, Mits L!ta Roddinjr.
I's'-ful article booth— Mrs. nice Hill
# Garments
from the largest fur
house in the world.
Goods of guaranteed
quality, fit and finish.
You not only run no
risk in buying here,
but you are always
sure of the lowest
ME mmxwma OUR GUARANTEE
\u of den entn
WITH EVERY GARMENT.
Collarettes.
Baltic Seal, with tC'.mmer *- en
yoke, II inches deep «... $).!jf
Chinchilla, with electric *7 CA
seal yoke $i.3w
Electric Seal, finished with »i<« fa
lour tails QILdV
Moirr, with Astrakhan ci*? CA
ru f3 c „ $li.3U
Electric Sral, Persian yoke, #jr nn
no piecing $ID.VIU
Jackets.
Electric S-al Jackets $32.50
Sealskin Jackets $150 up
H. LIEBES & COMPANY,
INCORPORATED,
TUB LAKCB9T WUK HOV9B lit TUB WORLD,
Now. 133, 133. 137 POST STREET, SAN FR N W |«CO, CAL.
assisted by Mrs. Charles P. Eelli. Mr*.
John Evelyn Page. Mrs. John B. Bab
cock. Mrs. Horace Pillsbury, Mrs. Wil
liam P. Thomas, Mrs. W. C. Morrow,
Mrs. Van Wyck, Mrs. Edgerton. Miss
Ella Morgan. Miss Weir. MJss Wakeman,
Miss Van Wyck. Miss Sophio Co!eman.
Miss Bertha Smith, Miss Amy Nordhof
and Miss Ella Bender.
Lemonade booth— Mrs. Charles Behlow,
assisted by Mrs. W. C. Coburn. Mn H.
H. Gray. Mrs. Cluff, the Misses Gray,
Miss Juliette Smith and Misj Eaton.
Music and literary committee — Mrs.
William B. Collier, chairman; Walter A.
Sabin. F. H. C. 0.. musical director: as
sisting members — Mrs. David Clalborno
Garrctt. Mrs. Frances B. Edgerton. Mrs.
R. Dotj;jl:is Fry. Mrs. James D. Rucqle3
Jr., Mrs. General Babeock. Mrs. Carroll
Cambon. Mrs. Alfred Black. Miss Susie
Kirby. Miss Van Wyck, Miss Agnes
Simpson. Miss Florence Davis and Miss
liar. some.
One of the artistic events of the week
was th« aiir.ual exhibition of keramlcs
which opened Tuesday afternoon and
closed Wednesday night in tho maple
room of the Palace Hotel. Tho exhloi
tlon was a brilliant testimonial to the
fact that both the manufacture and dec
oration of art pottery Is rapidly improv
ing in California. Only l.lsque work nt
home mike was displayed lan year, hut
this time many fine examples of the art
of glazing wcr» exhibited and the bas
rfllcf work was of Fpeclal excellence.
Mrs. W. E. Haynes. Mrs. J. P. Taylor.
Mrs. T. S. Taylor. Miss Mini Taylor.
Mrs. Root. Mrs. S. V Culp. Mrs. Laura
1/otourneaux, Mrs. M. E. Parley, Miss
Helen O'Malley, Mrs. Paul Scott and Miss
Evelyn Porter were among tho success
ful exhibitors.
They're Engaged.
The engagement of Miss Charlotte M.
Llnne- and Dr. Edward G. Parker, U. S.
N., is announced.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Wallach of 1013 Golden
Gate avenue announce the engagement
of their daughter Birdie to Simon Levy
of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Levy announce the
engagement of their daughter Ida to Sam
uel Leopold. At home Sunday, Decem
ber 10. IGSS Po6t street.
December 19 will bo the wedding day
of Miss Belle Hutehinson and W. B. Prin
gle in Oakland, and appropriate to the
season. the> church decorations are to be
Christmas berries and greens, and the
also wear that tint with
their tridal attire.
Mr. and Mrs. James E. Fickett of this
city announco tho engagement of their
daughter. Kuth, to Henry D. Carter of
Tacoma. Wa>h. The weililinc will take
place in December at tho residence of
the bride's parents. Sll Folsom street.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Ida V. Levy, .laughter of Mr. and Mrs. 11.
L«vy, and S.imuol Leopold. At home, 1655
Post street, Sunday, December 10, from
2 to 5 p. m.
The reception in honor of the engage
ment of Miss Rae Michael to Mr. Jake
Lewis will be held at the .residence of
Mr. and Mrs. D. Michael. 737 McAllister
street. Sunday, December 10, from 2 to
5 p.m.
The engagement reception of Miss An
nie Goldman and Mr. Philip Breit will
take place this <Sunday> afternoon, De
ceir.her J, from 2 to 5 p. m., at Zll Franklin
street.
The engagement Is announced of Julia
Gyle, daughter of IxiuJs A. Gyle, to Maur
ice S. Bornstein. Th<»y will receive on
Sunday afternoon, December 3, at 1423
Webster street.
The engagement reception of Miss Flora
Abrams and Joe Attell will be held Sun
day, December 3. at the residence of Mr.
nri<l Mrs. M. Abrams, IZ2fJ DevlFadcro
street.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
A. R. Arata. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. F.
Arata, to Charles F. Grondoca. The wed
ding will be solemnized on Thursday. De
cember 14.
Weddlrjg Bells
William Henry Van Loon, one of the
proprietors of the Grtnd Central Hotel
of Stockton, was married on the after
noon of November 20 to Miss Julia Rosel
la Wlttke of Calistoga. Napa County, in
the presence of a number of relatives and
friends of the happy couple. The cere
mony was performed by Rev. J. W. Lun
dy. Miss Pearl Cheney of Los Anne'e*
played the wedding march. Miss Mabel
Van Loon was bridesmaid and Otto
Wlttke best man. Miss Amelia Wutko
was ring-bearer and Miss Myrtle Van
Loon flower girl. About twenty
were present. The ceremony was followed
by a sumntuous dinner, after which Mr.
and Mrs. Van Loon left by the 3:4} train
for San Francisco.
Miss Dlcka Cool, daughter of Dr. Lu
*l!a Cool of Caea Esjx-ranza, Haywar.l?
was quietly married at San Itafael on
Tuesday last to Alan Ward of AJameda.
The wedding of Miss Lena P. Atkins
and Marion P. Danly was celebrated at
the residence of the bride's parents, Mr.
and Mrs. Atklnp, 1154 Guerrero street, on
November 14. at noon. The following
wer» present: Mr. and Mrs. A Atkln.s
Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Danly, Mr. and Mrs'
M. P. Danly, Miss Danly. Miss M. h
Danly. Miss P. E. Danly. L. E. Danly'
Charles Danly. Miss Grace Haskln. Rev.
and Mrs E. B. Church. L. E. Woodard
Mr. and Mm. C. C. Rubert, Mr. and Mrs.
K. G. Ferrler. Mrs. John Armstrong, H
S. Candy, Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Ayres,
Dr. and Mrs. H. J. Boughton. Charles
F. Moore. W. B. Eichbaum. Mr. and Mrs
Capes.
Baltic Seal, 16 inches... •«- A a
Baltic Seal, 16 Inches, with ei7 CA
Black Marten Collar $W.9U
Labrador Mink, with rufih—
14 inches $17.50
16 Inches .. $ViO.OO
18 inches $22.50
Electric Seal, with choice Astrakhan
yoke, finlshrd with tills all around,
clezantiy lined and 18 inches m- AA
long ~..~... .~~...^»^. $Z3.UO
Mink Capes from.. $45 up
THE PAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1899.
D. Llbby, Mr. and Mrs. T. G. Inman.
Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Elchbaum, Miss
Alice Elchbaum. Mr. and Mr?. C. 13.
Greeley, Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Spaldtngr.
Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Schranz, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Eichbaum. Miss E. Xorrls.
Misses M. and L. Ettlng. Miss Ida G.
Isham. Misses M. and A. Hollman. Mr.
and Mrs. B. L. Waymouth, L. H. Cal
lom. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Husband. Mr
and Mrs. H. Hollmon, Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. Coggln. Mrs. A. D. Howe and Mm.
Shay.
Mrs. William Bausman announces the
marriage of her daughter, Nydia Deve
raux. to Daniel Spencer Brigs'*. Wednes
day. December 6.
Home Gatherings.
Messrs. Walter A. Scott ar.d John E.
M«»dau have taken apartments for the
winter at the Ralston. A few of their
friends {rave them a surprise In a novel
donation party. They were the recipients
of many handsome and artistic pre3ents.
almost all of which were the handiwork
of their friends. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. F. Winchester. Dr.
ana Mrs. E. H. Lake, Miss Buckingham,
Miss Lowell. Miss Church. Miss Medau,
J. W. Scott. John Meoau. W. A. Scott
and others.
The Native Sons of Vermont will pre
sent an elaborate musical and dramatic
programme on Friday evening, ueceinber
S. at Odd Fellows" Hall.
The faculty, the board of trustees and
the alumnao of Mills College united in
giving a reception to Mrs. C. T. Mills on
the occasion of her birthday, December 2.
from 8 to 11 o'clock at Sherman & Clay
Hall. The affair wan notable In many
respects, as fifteen hundred invita
tions had been issued, including the
alumnae, numbering several hundred, the
leading educators of the coast and repre
sentatives from all the woman's clubs.
The music was furnished by the Mills
Orchestra of stringed instruments and
speeches were made by President Jor
dan. President Wheeler and Hon. Horace
Davis.
A delightful birthday surprise party
was tendered to Miss Katie Bassillio Sat
urday evening, November 25, at her home,
216 l.nion street. The following were
present: Mrs. Basslllio. Mrs. Floyd, Mrs.
Nightingale. Miss Katie Uassillio. Miss
Clara liasslllio. Mi.- Cumberlander, the
Misses Mary and Katie Frinzo. Miss Ben
nett, Miss Clancy, Miss Hattle Hayes,
— NeyJand. Miss Bars tow. Mlsa Whit
ley, Miss Regney. Miss Ida Davalli, MIS 3
Sexton. Miss Lizzie Welson. Miss Gian
ninl. W. Basstlllo, Mr. Gush. W. Wllford.
It. Homsman, Master J. Clancy. F. Zun
dell. F. de Augustine. D. McCarren, D.
Sullivan. S. Macino, F. Orthea, A. and
W. Chapledlne, i: Lendwall, A. Rossle.
It. Garcia and F. Hurbett.
At Casa •. ■.■;.!. Hay wards, Thurs
day night. Dr. Luella Cool gave a dinner
in honor of Mrs. Dr. Simmons and Mrs.
R. Thomas.
On Saturday evening, November 25, a.
party was tendered to Miss Katie Rowe
at the residence of her parents, If I Oak
street, the occasion being the sixteenth
anniversary of her birthday. Among those
present were: Mr. and Mrs. A. Rowe.
K.itie Rowe, Grace Sessthon. Nellie Dur
'•<•>•, Ursa Davis. Eva Larkin, Dagmar
White, Lulu Srhroe.ier, Margaret Lob
bock. Myrtle Walker. Edith Langer.
Stella Low, Eva Johnson. Lauretta
Walker. Lela Langer. Myrtle and Alice
Phon, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Langer, Ed
win Lovejoy. Gustavo White. Menees
Davis, Carl Miller. Chancy Pratt. Harry
Bell. Lewis Durkee. Roy Pratt. Bertram
Bell.
A birthday party was Riven to Miss
Ethel Rosenthal by her parents, Mr. and
Mrs-. R. Rosenthal of 1336 Ellis street.
Dancing, games, songs and a bountiful
repast were enjoyed dv the little ones.
Those present were: Gertie Levy. Abe
Jacobs. Celia Jacobs. Sadie Lyons. Enid
Cohen. Hilda Cohen. Tessle Netter, Wal
ter Jacobs. Arthur Jacobs. Mabel Rosen
thai. Ethel Rosenthal, Llbble Aronson,
Pauline Aronson. Dan Aronson, Roselle
Schwartz. Bernice Schwartz, Sylvian
Schwartz. Jessie Stenge, Flossie Levy.
Dollle Samuels, Florence Samuels. Harold
Samuels. May Lewis, Florence Burke and
Sol Rosenthal.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given to Miss Birdie Hyman at her resi
dence. 140? Devlsadero street, last Thurs
day evening in honor of her birthday,
The evening was spent in playing, sing
ing, games and dancing, and at 12 o'clock
supper was served. Those present were:
Mlfs Birdie Hyman. Miss Lucy Levy.
Miss Sarah Rudee, Miss Gertie llolz. Miss
Buckle Hyman, Miss Sadie Rosenstern.
■• -- Frieda Levy, Miss Martha Oppen
heim. Miss Esther Rosenstern. Miss
Sarah Hyman. Miss Sadie Stcrnberg.
Miss Fannie Levy, William Fabain, Sam
lie] Block. Simon Meyer, Lewie Anlxter,
Harry Rudee. Mr. Cooper, Mr. Loftress.
Sam M. Davis, Henry Hyman. Mr. and
Mrs. I* Goldstein. Mrs. M. Fabain and
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Hyman.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry B. Huntlngton en
tertained at their home, 2- = Jackson
ptreet, on Monday evening, November 27,
in honor of their daughter. Miss Eliza
beth Huntlngton, and the debutante An
elaborate dinner was enjoyed, followed by
a dance, Mr. and Mrs. Huntingdon's
puests were: Miss Huntlncton, Miss Mary
Jo^selyn, Miss Josephine Kane. Miss L*lla
Voorhles. Miss Edith Stubbs. Miss Kath
erine Dillon, Miss Georglna Hopkins, Miss
Eleanor Morrow, Miss Margaret Cole,
Miss Alma McClung. Miss Elis« Gregory,
Miss Jannette Hooper, Miss Mary Hill
CockrllL Hiram Blngham, Henry Melon*.
Lieutenant John P. Halm Third Artil
lery, D. S. A.; John Carrlgan. Silas Palm
' •.' Herbert Gee. Horace G. Platt. Alfred
Poett, Alexander Center, Dupont Coleman.
Clarence < "a rrl en Ray Burrell. Lawrence
Scott, Chester Smith, Jack Hoffman.
Mr. and Mrs. William Thomas gave a
dinner on Tuesday evening. November 23,
in honor of Miss Edith Preston. Those
who Fat down at table were: Mr. and Mrs.
William Thons/tP. Miss Molly Thomas,
Miss Helen Thomas, Miss Edith Preston,
Miss Mary Josselyn. Miss Margaret Cole,
Miss There*e Morgan, Miss Clara Hamil
ton. Miss Ruth McNutt. Miss Charlotte
Field. E. M. Greenway. Latham McMullln,
E. C. Sessions, Philip Thompklns, Willard
Drown, George Martin. Maxwell McNutt,
Bruce Cornwall and L. 8. Adams Jr.
One of the handsomest teas of the sea
son was that given by Mrs. Henry Scott
last Saturday for the debut of her daugh
ter. Miss Mary Scott, and of Miss Georgia
Hopkins. The floral decorations were both
profuse and beautiful, chrysanthemums
In every variety meeting the eye at every
turn. A stringed orchestra furnished de-
Ughtful music and tho costumes were ele
gant to a degree. Those who assisted Mrs.
Scott were: Mrs. C. p. Eells, Mrs. Jack
Casserly. Mrs. Fred Moody, Mrs. Hall
McAllister. Mrs. Alfred Ford. Mrs. Will
Crocker, Mrs. Jo Crockett and the Misses
Helen and Edna Hopkins. Ethel Hager,
Edith Mcßean, Carrie Tavlor, G«nevleva
Carolan, Caro Crockett, Mary Nichols,
Isabcllo Kittle and Mary Josselyn. In the
evening there was a dinner, at which the
receiving party was reinforced by an
equal number of men, and afterward there
was dancing.
To the pleasure and gratification of her
friends, Mrs. "W. G. Irwin, who is such a
charming and so untiring a hostess, has
Inaugurated her series of winter enter
tainments with a luncheon which she
gave lost Thursday In honor of Mrs. El
dridge, who is visiting her mother, Mrs.
James Newlands, to meet whom were In
vited Mm. Ivers. Mrs. Nelly Hyde Smith,
Mm. Oxnard, Mrs. Winslow and the
Misses Morgan McKinstry. Bertha Smith
and Mamie Kohl.
Club Parties.
The Ninety-nine Cotillon Club held Its
third assembly and german Friday even-
Ing at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s Hall. The
affair was a most delightful one through
out. The attendance was large and the
gowns of the ladies particularly attrac
tive. The german was led by Perl A.
Young, who Introduced two very pretty
figures. Those In the first set were: Rob-
Bernard P. Gleason and Miss Daisy
Pabst. Robert Tracy and Miss Maitland.
Hernard P. Gleason and Miss Daisy Rob
ert Robert Tracy and Miss Maltland.
William Schord and Miss Mabel Larson.
Bruce Large and Miss Wilson. Russell
Boyd Howe and Miss Helen Carney. Rob
ert Schord and Miss Hattle Crockett,
James Hale and Miss Florence Kiley,
Robert McMahon and Miss Minnie Strehl.
Julius £lsenbach and Miss Ida Allison,
Dr. A. 8. Sullivan and Miss E. Sammy.
Robert Marshall and Miss B. Barker.
Louis Furrier and Miss Lillian Dltmar,
Frank E. Young and Miss Aura Lea Hall.
The second meeting of the new dancing
club. La Jeunesse. took' place at Cotillon
Hall on Polk street on Friday evening.
December 1. The hall was very prettily
decorated In the college colors of Stan
ford and the University of California.
The members and their guests were re
ceived by Mrs. a. W. Foster, Mrs. Tim
othy Hopkins. Mrs H. E. Huntington.
Mrs. J. W. McClung. Mrs. W. E. McKlt
trick, Mrs. William H. Mills. Mrs. Phebe
A. Hearst and Mrs. A. H. Voorhles. and
the cotillon was danced under the leader
ship of William Foster. The ladies in the
first set were: Miss Elizabeth Hunting
ton. Miss Leila Voorhies, Miss Alma Mc-
Clung, Miss Alice Brlgham. Miss Kath
erino Dillon, Miss Edith Stubbs. Miss
Josephine Kane. Miss Azalea Keyes, Miss
Anna Voorhles, Miss Mary Greenwood
Josselyn, Miss Isabel Kittle, Miss Alice
Latham, Miss Elizabeth Mills and Miss
Goodrich.
The Initial dancing party of the Malpe
Whist Club was given Wednesday even
ing, November 29. The following were
present: Mrs. Christieson Mrs. Cunning
ham and Mrs. Gardner; Miss Douglas,
Miss Parker. Miss Cantrell, Miss Cum
mings. Miss Oppenhelmer, Miss Gelty.
Mips Thomason. Miss Ten Eyck, Miss
Hoemer, Miss Humphries. Miss Crocker,
Miss Cochran and the Messrs. Porteous,
White. Bateman. Sykes. Dr. Teaby.
Majors, Simonds. Connlngham, Dickie,
Roscoe, Eichbaum, Imhaus, Danlev,
Thompson, Phillips. Cameron, Owbridge,
Shaw, Wyman and Moore.
A very pleasant entertainment was
given last Thursday evening by the
Young Ladies 1 Society of the Trinity Eng
lish Evangelical Lutheran Church at the
residence of the Rev. E. M. Stensrud. i 35
Thirteenth street. Those present were:
Rev. and Mrs. E. ML Btensrud, Mr. and
Mrs. P. Paulsen. Mrs. Luntch. Mrs. C.
Olsen, Mrs. .1. I Uses Mrs. D. Brunn, Mrs.
Larsen. Miss Selma 01 en, Miss Dolly
Petersen. Miss Annie Miller, Miss May
Olsen. Miss Nellie Leroux. Miss Mftta
Rasmussen. Miss Anna Rasmussei Mll
Lulu Kroll. Miss Emily Olsen Miss Anna
Goodmansen. Miss Christine Miller, Miss
Agnes Andersen. Miss Marcarethe Son
derup, Miss Marie Sonderup, Mis*
Marie Hansen, Miss Lydia Kroll,
Miss Betty Henriks. Miss Olqa
Olsen, Miss Betty Enters^n. Miss Insrel
borg Stensrud, Miss Sophie Hanover,
Miss Hattie Kleintrammer. Miss Alfrl'la
Petersen, Miss Rebekka Bensen Miss
Annie Benzen, Miss Helen Hansen;
Messrs. E. O. Rasmussen. O. Johnson.
O. T. Tonnesin, C. L. Lorentzen. O. Frail.
S. Thomsen. Mr. Olsen. H. Petersen. P.
Oksen. John Tellesen. C. Tellesen and
Chris Goodmansen.
Thanksgiving evening a party of young
ladles and gentlemen enjoyed a very
pleasant trolley ride given by the "Trio.
Messrs. Heath, Manzer and Rodda. Re
freshments were served at the Cliff
House. In the party were: Mrs. A. A.
Cunningham, Mrs. G. W. Pettygrove.
Miss Minnie Bergman. Miss Florence A.
L. Davis, Miss Edith M. Lambert. Ml*e
Annie Owens, the Misses Clara, Ethel
and Edith Rodda, Miss Dorothy Schro
der. Miss Edna F. Talcott. the Misses
Emille and Florence Wigand. Miss Edith
L. Waugh. Miss Bertha Winter; Messrs.
Arthur Baker, August Cafferata. Evan
Davis. Oscar H. Heath. Edwin LJniray.
Lonson ML Mai.zer, Harold Murch. Fred
Rodda. Bob Reeve, J. H. Rldgeway.
A very enjoyable reception was jfiven
by the Young Ladies' Institute at Native
Sons' Hall on Friday evening, Decem
ber L
Chevra Rofa Chollm gave a very pleas
ant Chanukah entertainment ana dance
at B'nal B'ritfa Hall on Thursday evening.
November SO. The hall was appropriately
decorated for the occasion. Pleasant fea
tures of the evening were; Overture. Pro
fessor Weisel's orchestra; boatman's
dance. Miss Rosalie Goldstein; descrip
tive national duet, Leo and Birdie Tom
sky; cakewalkers, Viola Beellg and J.
Kennedy; "Hanuah and Her Seven Sons."
scene from •"Jffdas Maccabaeus." pre
sented by Miss Sylvia Krossteller and
Edgar Goldsmith. Mayo Abrahamson and
Morton Kressteller; vocal solo (comic).
Miss Goldie Harris; fancy dance. Miss
Sybil Goldstein; vocal duet. Max Cohn
and M. Crown; musical wonder, Louis
Plato. The success of this affair was due
to the following committee of arrange
ments: Sol Adler, M. Cohn, J. Goldstein,
H. Lltzenstein. A. S. Fass, H. Simon, L.
Goldberg and J. F. Plato.
The Pacitlc Coast Women's Press Asso
ciation held a most enjoyable social meet
ing in Golden Gate Hall on Monday, No
vember 27. The following programme was
presented: Address by the president, Mrs.
Sara E. Reamer: soprano solo. **Cavel
leria Rusticana." Miss Augusta Friedrich;
paper, "The Passion Play," Miss Bessie
Rumsey; paper, "An Optimistic Reverie,"
Miss Mary Lambert; song, "Flower
Song," Miss Friedrich; paper. "An An
cient Southern Watering Place," Miss
Mary Tracy Mott; poem, "I Thank Thee,
O God." Juliette Estelle Mathls. read by
Mrs. Barbara Knell. Mrs. Sara E. Rea
mer, Mrs. Mary E. Hart and Mrs. Abble
E. Krebs were elected delegates to the
meeting of the State Federation, which is
to be held in Los Angeles January 16, 17
and IS.
The members of the Thursday Night
Dancing Class gave a fancy dress mask
party at Saratoga Hall on Thanksgiving
night.
The d' Accord Ciub, on November 23. at
Century Hall, held Its second party of the
season, which was thoroughly enjoyed by
all the members present. Besides dancing
the members were favored with a delight
ful vocal fo'.o. rendered by Miss Emllle
Neubert, which brought forth an enthu
siastic encore.
A very successful and novel Thanksgiv
ing festival was given under the auspices
of the Central Methodist Sunday-school,
Mission street, between Sixth and Sev
enth, on Monday evening, November 27.
Everybody was given a cordial invitation
to attend and bring some donation for the
poor. The admission charged was "a
large potato or an apple— larger the
better.'*
A "rainy day" social, second of the sea
son, given by the <'alllop«an Club, at their
rooms, on last Tuesday evening, was an
artistic success. After a varied and Inter
esting programme luncheon was served
in tho banquet hall, which, through the
'.•ffortH of the officers of the club, was ele
gantly decorated for the occasion. A trol
ley party for members will bo given next
month.
The members of the Fin d« Slecl© Whist
Club were hospitably entertained by the
Misses Gambltz at their home, H65 Oak
street, on Thursday night. The greater
part of the evening was enthusiastically
spent In whist. Tho games were cleverly
contested, scores running high. Mis.« Ida
Wolfe and William G. Lee were counted
victors, and each was presented with a
German "stein" as first prizes. Music was
delightfully rendered and a dainty sapper
well enjoyed, while dancing brought the
merry evening to a close. Those present
were: Miss A- Donovan, Charles F. Pugh.
Miss L. Beauman, H. w. Morgan, Miss
O. Glldden, O. Frank, Miss B. L. Gambltz.
M. D. Dover. Miss D. Golder. O. Oolle
schoun. Miss Faith Gambitz, Dr. J. W.
Likens. Miss H. Klefaber. F. Bronson,
Miss S. Logan. Mat H. Lindsay, Miss Mc-
Clure, J. H. Wheeler. Miss F. Smith. Will
lam G. Leo. Miss A. Vellguth. Dr. L. R.
Gambltz. Mies I. Wolfe, W. B. Burner
and Judge T. F. Dunne.
!n the Future.
Buena Vista Parlor No. 69. N. D. O. W.,
will give a flsh pond party Thursday even
ing. December 7, In Banquet Hall, Native
Rons' building. 414 Post street.
The Oakland Golf Club Is making ar
Is Your Face Unwomanly?
Have you dark shadows on your lips, cheek.
chin or person? If you have B. B. B. English
Caramel 1. just what you want. It removes
and cures this unfortunate blemish. After one
application your face will be as free from hair
as the palm of your hand. '
B. B. B. English Caramel Is Indorsed by the
medical profession, and has had 20 years of
successful practice In England and on the Con-
tinent. It Is In fact the only satisfactory erad-
ication of superfluous hair known to science.
we guarantee a cure In every cast under-
taken. Women attendants. Prompt attention
to mall order*. ! ,
MRS. PIETZ. formerly with the Bnrdett.
ELITE DERMATOLOGY INSTITUTE,
838 Market St., San Francisco.
Halrdresßing. 25c: manicuring, 25c; shampoo-
ing, Hoi racial massage and steaming.
rn.ngeir.ents for a professional tournament
to be held on Its links at Adams Point
some time during the present month,
-■'me cash prizes are to be offered,
and It Is expected that there will be quite
ft large number of entries.
The Neapolitan Mandolin and Guitar
Club will give a concert under the direc
tion of Mlss«s Theresa And Lily Sher
wood at Association Auditorium,
of Mason and Ellis streets, on Thursday
evening. December 7. at 8 o'clock. An
excellent propnumne ha? been arranged.
The Arion Verein will give their full
ball next Saturday evening at their
rooms, 414 Pin© Etreet.
Sailed Away.
The following Is the list of passengers
who sailed for Honolulu. Auckland and
Sydney on the steamship Alameda
Wednesday, November 29. II
"Honolulu— Mrs. H. Arens and child, Dr.
B. W. Ashley, Miss L. E. M. Bacon. A.
G. Ballentyne, Captain C. S. Death, Wal
ter Behr, F. E. Blake, wife and three
children. A. W. Carter. Miss H. E. A.
Castle, Mtss If. E. Catule, ML W. Davis,
Frank Dixon, Miss N. W. Fouts. Mrs. R.
C Geer, G. H. Gere and wife, Robert
Halstead. E. Healey, Mrs. G. E. Hen
dricKs. Edward Holton. F. L. Hoogs, W.
G. Hyman. Horace Johnson, Mrs. A. H.
Lackland, \V. Larsen and wife, I M
Long, E. A. Mclnerny, Mrs. M. Mem.
Robert M. Mem, Mrs. W. Mertens, E. i".
Vaughan Morgan. W. Mutch, wife and
child. Miss B. Myer, Miss Marjory R.
Nape. Dr. F. Pague. W. J. Polmere. wife
and child, J. G. Rothwell. Frank Smith
and wife, J. H. Taylor and wife, Mrs.
Warner, William Welster. Mrs. C. E.
Williams and two children, Mrs. E. A.
Williams. John Wine.
Apia— Curtis O. Lloyd.
Auckland— Mrs. A. Barr. P. Barr. Pro
fessor Boehm. Misses I'anlHs «2>, S. R.
Davis. 11 Dean - J. !' Drake. P 11.
Holt, Mrs F W. 1..-;tHr and two children.
Jam*-* McMei Linen, W. T. Tnrid, J. H
Williams. Mry. W. R. Williams, W.
>ck.
ES. Tootal Broadhurst and wife.
James W. Buoklln. James Bullen, I
Burnett rind wife, Frank Burnett Jr , Miss
N. Burnett, W. H. Butoher. C. D. Cooper.
E. M. Enright and wlf*. Myron i
and wif»\ H a Ooddard an.l wife, K. R
P i: Flail, T. }■:. Lescber, F. A.
• J. P. Bhand, Miss M H
Sinclair and wife, George
S. Wllcox ami wife,
J<Mn at Ilun^iulu for Svdney — Charles
801 l and wife, a. Hartovlch. J. Beresford
Pierce. J. I'law.
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs 11. Klmpel have left for
their home In Eakersfleld.
General Vernon left last evening for
New York and Washington, D. C. He will
return in January.
Miss Dorothea Cain of San Jose Is visit
ing Mrs. Joe J. de Haven, 2021 Pine street.
She will be at home next Wednesday.
Cantor and Mrs. Henri Stollnltz are re
siding at 1577 Post street. Mrs. Stollnltz
will be at home Thursdays.
Mrs. Albert Stelner of 1684 Post Btreet
has resumed her day at home, the first
Thursday of each month.
Mrs. S. Price of 505 Laguna street will
discontinue her day at home on account
of sickness In the family.
Mrs. Mark Lasky and Miss Battle
Bronstone will be at home on the third
Wednesday of each month.
Mrs. John McMullin and her daughter.
Mrs. McMullin-Melvln, have taken^apert
ments at the Palace Hotel for the winter.
Mrs. ii. M. Wallenstein will be at home
the second and fourth Wednesdays at
2SOSV? Bush street.
Friends of Dr. and Mrs. E. H. Lake,
who were married recently at St. Lukt's
Church, vied with each other durlns, the
past month in delightful social attemi.-n*.
They arc both popular in many social <-!.■
cles. Mrs. Lake (nee Scott) is accom
plished, blight and very pretty and Is a
favorite wherever f=ho goes. The young
couple will not send out at home cards
until after the holidays.
Although Mme. de Guigne will not bo
here this wimt to assist her mother In
doing the lionors of the famllv mansion
on Sutter ireet, Mrs. Parrot c will lave
another of her daughters with her— Mm*-,
de Lalarde — who. as Mips M:iy Pamtt,
was such a favorite. M. and Mine. -ie La
lande are now on their way here from
their home in France to pay one of their
periodical visits to San Francisco and will
remain with >:- all winter.
M:- G iodman and her mother,
Mrs. B. Srhwabarhtr. will ho H t horn» the
!:rst and last Wednesdays at 1603 Gough
.-trept.
Mrs. Francis Wood left Wednesday for
San Jose, where she will be the guest of
Mr. and Mrs. James Wood.
Los flngeles.
Mrs. A. H. Fixer.. Mrs. W. T. Lewis
and Miss Helen Lewis were the hostesses
of an elaborate card party given at the
home of Mrs. Fixen In West Twenty
seventh street on Thursday afternoon.
Mrs. H. M. Smith of Oakland. Mrs C. I.
Willis of Wisconsin and Miss Sara Tay
lor assisted In receiving. The following
were guests: Mrs. H. M Sale. Mrs. /
I>. Mathuss. Mrs. J. A. Falrchild, Mrs.
Ferd K. Rule, Mrs. H. C. Gording, Mrs.
Clifford Page. Mrs. H. Jevne. Mrs. W. s
Hook, Mrs. J. H. Braley, Mrs. E. F. C
Klokko, Mrs. S. S. Salisbury. Mrs. Ben E.
Ward, Mrs. C. C. Parker. Mrs. Jam- -a
Smith. Mrs. J. H. Call. Mrs. A. F. M.
Strong, Mrs. George Montgomery, Mrs.
Charles Prager, Mrs. J. H. Davission,
Mrs. J. H. F. Peck, Mrs. John WIS-
I more, Mrs. Ira O. Smith. Mrs. Orr
Harolson. Mr?. J. M. Hill of Pa«a
dena, Mrs. W. E. Dunn, Mrs. H.
Anderson, Mr:-. Granvllle MacGowan,
Mrs. Frank Keisey. Mrs. W. G. Cochmn.
Mrs. N. Stowcll. Mrs. C. N. Flint. Mra.
11. H. Rose of Pasadena, Mrs. A. Bali,
Mrs. Elizabeth Ben ton, Mrs. Frances
Shoemaker, Mrs. Arthur Morlan, Mrs.
William Currier, Mrs. Charles Baker,
Mrs. a. Crutcher. Mrs, C. C. Carpenter,
Mrs. Robert Humble, Mrs. J. C. Scar
borough, Mrs. Josephine Butler. Mrs.
Rufus Herron, Mrs. Annie Bancroft, Miss
Hallle Tuttle, Miss Delia Clemmons and
Miss May Byrne. m .
In the evening Mrs. Fixen. Mrs. Lewis
and Miss Lewis were again hostesses it
a dancing party given at Casa de Ronas
in honor 01 Miss "Helen Falrchlld. who
will noon be married, and Miss Sara Tay
lor. The guests besides the guexis of
honor were: Mr. and Mrs. 1.. D. Bale, Mr.
and Mrs. Wlllard Doran, Mr. and Mrs. B.
T. Stlmson. Mr. and Mrs. H. <;. Bundrem,
Mr and Mrs. F. A. Hines, Mr. and Mrs.
S. P. Hunt. Mr and Mrs. A. J. Wafrs,
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Norton. Mr. and
Mrs. P. Johnston. Mr. and Mrs. Georsfe
Steckel. Mr. and Mrs. Willoughby Rod
man, Mr. and Mrs. Edward Off, Mr. and
Mrs. William Garland. Mr. and Mrs. a.
C. Jones, Mr. End Mrs. John Byrnes, Mr.
and Mrs. J. W. A. off. Mr. and Mr*. W.
8. Porter, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Dick,
Mr. and Mrs. Percy Schumacher, Mr. and
Mrs J. T. Jones Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Cosby, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Griffith. Mr.
and Mrs. H. H. Smith. Dr. and Mrs. E.
W. Fleming. Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Braly, '
Mr. and Mrs. H. C. Turner, Mr. and Mrs.
W. A. Barker. Mr. and Mrs. William
West Mr. ana Mrs. Godfrey Holterhoff.
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Silent: Miss Llla
Falrchlld, Miss Dorothy Wellborn. Miss
Lillian Wellborn. Miss Mary Coblclgh,
Miss Kate Landt. Miss Sada Johnson,
Miss Bird Chanslor. Miss Gladys Cum
mins, Miss Hattle Klmball, Miss Gertrude
Gooding, Miss Harriet Smith. Miss Ange
lyn Benton, Miss Genevieve Smith, Miss
Eleanor Tuttle, Miss Clara Carpenter,
Miss Patty Woodward. Miss Mabel Garn
sey. Miss Mary Corson. Mis» Elizabeth
Shankland: Messrs. N. W. Myrlck. W. H.
Holllday. John G. Mutt, Walter Chansior.
D. F. Fisher. Ray Falrchlld. Robert Ro
wan. George Hadlon, Charles Henderson.
Horace Henderson. Fred Henderson, B.
H. Bagby. F. Shankland, Glen Spense.
Robert Currier, Will Currier. B. F. Brans
field, R. B. Dickinson and Phil Lyon
Miss Ivy Schroeder entertained with a
dancing party on Friday evening at Kra
mer's Hall, South Grand avenue, In honor
of Miss McLaughlln of San Jose and Miss
Shea of San Francisco. Miss Schroeder
was assisted In receiving by Mmes. Free
man G. Teed, C N. Sterry. C. C. Parker.
Richard Mercer and Josephine Call. About
200 of the younger members of society
were present.
Mrs. C. C. Bragdon gave a box party on
Wednesday evening In honor of Miss Sara
Coleman. A supper followed the theater.
Other guests were: Mrs. Theodore Cole
man. Misses Evelyn Rlscher, Helen Camp
bell, Kate Gardiner and Lillian Podds
worth; Messrs. Grosbech. Gronendyke,
Fisher. Conger. Barlow and Bragdon.
Mrs. John T. Jones gave a box party
Monday evening in honor of Miss Helen
Falrchlld. A supper followed the theater.
The other guests were: Mr. and Mrs.
Dick Bundrem. Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Dick. Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Stimson. the
Misses Llla Falrchlld. Sada Johnson,
Helen Lewis, Elizabeth Shankland.
Messrs. N. W. Myrick, Walter Chanslor.
Horace Henderson. John Mutt and E. H.
Bagby.
Mrs. R.*L. Horton and Miss Christine
Kurtz entertained with a hearts party on
Tuesday afternoon at the home of Mrs.
Horton In Alvarado. The score cards
were red and green poster designs. Miss
Daisy Cross was awarded first prize and
Miss Lllla Fairchlld second, both receiv
ing Gibson pictures. Miss Mary Hun
saker received a Dresden china vase as
consolation prize. Mmes. Sheldon Bor
v den, Arthur Braly, Fred A. Hines and
ADVZBTISEMENTB.
Special Fan Sale
We will place on sale all our last season's
fans at less than half price; an inspection of
these goods will convince you that, such bar-
. gains, you cannot afford to miss, especially
with Christmas so near at hand.
Satin and Gauze Fans
Cream painted fans, pol-
ished wood sticks, 15c.
Black painted fans, ebony
sticks, 25c.
Cream satin fans, plain or
painted, 25c.
Painted Gauze Fans
In cream, black, blue, yel-
low, lavender and maize, 50c
Handsome gauze fans with
beautifully carved sticks, in
black, cream, blue, pink,
nile and yellow, $1.00.
Gauze fans, elegantly
painted and spangled, in
cream, black, blue, pink
and nile, $1.50.
Feather Fans
Very fine real ostrich
feather fans in cream, natu-
ral and black, with inlaid
pearl and tortoise shell
frames — exceptional values,
$11.25, 13-50,16.50, 16.00.
Special Yarn Sale
Our surplus stock of the very best quality
of yarns in the following shades and varieties
will be sold at greatly reduced prices. All
our yarns are guaranteed full weight.
Zephyr in maize, old rose
red-brown, gobelin, dark
orange, wine, green and old
gold, gc an oz.
Saxony in flesh, blue,
black, white, gray, yellow
and buff, at
gc an oz.
129 Kearny st.
Write for ovr new illustrated catalogue.
Jennie Jaurh assisted Mrs. Horton and
Miss Kurtz In receiving, and the follow
ing W«n tTUaata: The Misses McLaugh
l!n of San Jose and Shea of San Fran-
Cisco, H.«rl*> Uunsall. Ivy Bchroder. Dor
othy Wellborn. Lillian Wellborn. Eleanor
Tuttle. Hallle Tuttle, Edna Btcknell. Alice
Strong:. Hattfe Btrong\ Llla Falrchild.
HA|r>n Falnhild. Helen Carhart. Maybelle
Hendall. Helen Klokk*. Maud Mason.
LoalM Schwartz. Marie Schwartz. Irene
Stephens. Daisy Croas, K.llth Kirkpat
rick. Myra Lin-lley. Maude Newell. Kath
erlne Landt. Mary Darling. Millie Dil
lon, (lenevleve Smith. Mary Ifunsaker.
Bird Chansli.r. BtU Blrknell. Cora Esh
mnn. Carrie Loncrstreet, <;.'rtr Ida Oood
ln«. Elsie Mil tier. Laura VTorka, Miry
Workman. Ollva '"lark. Oerta Hatch.
Elisabeth Shank'land. Alvlna Janus. Pr«da
HHlman. Sarah Dewey and Katherlne
Kurtz.
Mr and Mrs. John Wljrmore entertained
informally at dinner on Monday evening.
Their quests were: Judge and Mrs ff < '.
W. 1. rimeyer. Captain and Mr* Oaorga <}
Mullins and the Iflaaw Mary and Ethel
Mulllns.
Mrs J. J Byrne entertained the Monday
Musical ''iub at her h"tne ti South FI* 1:
ppia btrcet on Monday afternoon. An
excellent musical programme was ren
dered.
Mr and Mrs. W. S. Porter entertained
informally with cards at their home on
Severance street on Friday evening.
Those present were: Lieutenant and Mrs.
R. H. Miner. Mr. and Mrs. Percy Hoyle.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Drake. Dr. and Mrs.
Granvllle MacGowan. Mr and Mrs. J. G.
Mossln, Mr. and Mrs. H. W. O'Melvany.
Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Earl. Mr. and Mrs.
F T. Grifflth. Mr. and Mrs. Walter New
hall. Mr and Mrs. W. M. Garland. Mme.«.
M. A. Wilcox. M A. Longstreet. Mar
garet Hobba, Miss Welters, Messrs. Will
Wolters and Alfred Wllcox.
The Newman Club gave Its regular din
ner at Illlsh's on Monday evening. Ex-
Senator del Valle entertained the mem
bers present with a paper on "The Mis
sion Indians."
Major W. H. Bonsall has returned from
Arizona, where he went on business.
Dr. W. H. Dukeman has gone to New
York, where he will remain for a month
before returning home.
Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Patterson and
daughter. Miss Ada Patterson, have re
turned from Ohio, where they have been
visiting friends and relatives for the past
two months.
Mr. and Mrs. H. H. Kerckhoff (nee
Wethern) have returned from an extended
wedding trip which they spent In visiting
large Eastern cities.
The engagement of Miss Mvra Joseph
ine LJndley. daughter of Dr. Walter Llnd
ley. to Samuel F. Bothwell Is announced.
Golden Jubilee at Stockton.
The Central Methodist Episcopal
Church at Stockton has b«en celebrating
Its golden Jubilee during the past week
This church was organised In \M9 and
many famous divines have spoken from
its pulpit. Its present pastor is the R*v
Dr. W. C. Evans, and to his great popu
larity the church owes much of Its pres
ent success.
The Jubilee week opened otr Monday
with an address by the Rev. Dr. Ell M
Cllsh. president of the University of tne
Pacific. On Tuesday afternoon there
Lederer's
$1.00 Switches
give you a good
idea of the great
values he offers in
hair goods.
Best Hairdres.ing 123 StOCktOn St..
in the city, 25c. r\~ r * tin
LL_ Opp. City of Paris.
Feather Fans
Feather fans in cream,
blue and red, with irr.
ivory sticks. 2
Feather fans in cream and
red, with sticks to rr..:t:h,sOj
Feather fans in black and
gray, 750
• elty feather fans in
cream, pink, blue, red an.i
yellow, with tinsel and
spangles, $1.00.
Real ostrich feather
in gray and b! 1 :. % \
Real ostrich feal
in black, with poll!
ebony sticks, $2.50.
Real ostrich feather fans
In gray and black, with very
full plumes, I
Real ostrich feal
with tortoise she!
black and natural, -
and $6.50.
Castor wool in light,
scarlet, olive, light blue,
cerise and tan, at
i2*/ic a 2-oz skein.
Germantown in light,
scarlet, olive and tan,
a 2-oz skein.
German knitting yarn in
white, gray, blue, red,
and tan, at
1 8c a #-lb hank.
was a public reception at the parsonage,
tendered by the King's Daughters of th»
church to in former pastors and friends,
at which there was a large ga'hcrtn?. On
Wednesday In the afternoon several his
torical and biographical papers tvere
read, prominent among thrm l>elng on«
by Rev. H. B. Heacock of the University
of the Pacific on "Pastor* of Fifty
Years Ago."' In the evening there was*
an address by the Rev. John A. B. Wil
son. D.D.. of San Francisco.
On Thursday there was a magnificent
Thanksgiving service, followed In th«»
evening ny an address by the Rev. S. J.
Carroll. D.D., of Sacramento On Frldav
evening the Rev. D. 11. Moore. CD., of
Cincinnati delivered a vtry Interesting
lecture on "The Mysteries of Bit* .
This church p
choirs in California an l on Tv - .
Ing. assisted by San I ralent ant
augment d by an nrch^^tra
pieces. Mendelssohn's "Hymn ' I
\V. A. Sabln, orga:
St. Luke's. Par. Fi
organ, whl •
?cner directed the
cert was an immense »v t cron :
audience testifying to its a;
by liberal applause. A la.
present from San Frar...
mento.
The soprano duet In the oratorio wni
most Impressively rendered by Miss StelU
Frledlanrier and Miss Florence Boston
of San Frar.clsco. Miss Mabel Gross,
who possesses a rich, sweet voice, sans
the soprano solo with clear enunciation.
Horace Vincent, the clever tenor. g;av«
two solos :fi pplcndld voice, and In tho
duet with Miss Frlcdlander excelled pre
vious efforts.
In a concert programme which preceded
the oratorio Miss Cecelia Decker of Kan
Francisco iang an aria from "Semlle.*
by Handel, and Mrs. Roper yon Benzon
of San Francisco rendered an aria from
"Dlnorah." by Meyerbeer. Kach effort
was warmly applauded, as was also tUo
organ solo by Mr. Habln.
The following from San Francisco as
sisted at the concert: Miss Btella k'n?>\
lander. Mrs Roper yon Benzon. Mis* Ce
celia Decker. Miss Florence Boston. Mr*
A W. Clay. Miss Fannie Dcnney, Miss
Lulu FeMhelm. Mrs. Selbel. Miss Brlnn
and A. W. Babln.
Personal
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed h>
, I>R. and Ml;- -« A \- W - TRAVERSE. Donofcoi
building. Market at cor. Taylor, rocmj
:$-». with the electric needle without pala o-
! ac*r. Permanency ruaranteed: hours 1 to « p ml
: What the World's greatest Serpentine Dancer
LOIE FULLER,
I Says about the skin food and tissue bulldtr
BRAHMAN , U
TOILET CREAM. 1 j&£B&
"I certainly can ree- ' aVEss^Bßv^Vai
-irrrr.end your delightful I JQBSB^ *' ' las?
Hrmhman Toilet Cream j *-hr« "♦ •' '-,
, as one of the best things fllf?» > ?«S^ii<
for its purpose I have ' v^i 'fUsassßV
■ ever used." ) «>\, T ■<
Autograph letter caa r^W|"a > sV'*
I be seen at office of I'Vwrtr&t'Jjur.T?
I A. W. TRAVERSE M. D. —^"■■■■^■*-*-JADVERTISEMENTS.
I Our I
| Holiday 1
Inducements I
i Perfect Fitting and Stylish Made §
Garments at the Very *
Lowest Prices. I
— $
I Tailor made Suits. I
S F?w vwy II 1 ™ 1 «•>>». superior §
. nnlch. made of material which X
.-, rivoi satisfaction— *lß. »'-!O V
: .52.".. WO. $35. ' * J
■ Stylish Jackets. 1
: . Oood material. hUh-class tailor- V
iT:c. perfect flttlnc— ««.RO A
• sstpo- * io « 31^07915: ?
• Golf Capes. |
> For ladles and children, entirely ?!
I new style ana strictly tailor *£
9 made— 9^.so to A
I Dress Skirts. !
£ Silk. Crepon, Wool, Plaid, perfect 9
.., hanpins. the newest cut. extra 7.
<% qu!»l!ty lining, well made— SlJ.sO A
• to .520. ■ Z
■? — I
I Children's Fur Sets J
0 Very pretty style, entirely new, A
• a useful and handsome present, >••>
- prices— 7sc. $1.25, $1.50. O
O - SO, *4. $3 a set. ♦
O
| GOLDEN GATE I
I CLOAK and SLIT HOUSE |
| 1230-1232-1234 Market St. |
OFFICERS ELECTED.
FranVs!n :■"<•« of th« Ancient Order of
't.!Ti»<l Workmen .» elected th« following
htt-M T«.r the ensuing term: C n. Waiter.
r:«»-t^r workman; H. 8. HUM foreman : A
•■\ > , oifntfr; Otto KJump, rulde: O. Hoff
:.»n. !nslde watchman, and M. O. Shove, cut
.J* watchman.
•*>uri New I?ra of th« Fore*term of America
•5 '>"t»l the followlnf nam*d for : ' • term
' Goidwater. J. P. C. X.; J. E. Ennlm. C. R-;
:. A. bcbinkle. S. C. 11; It A. PMta, F. 8.;
- Cordon, T.: J. 11. Stark*, n. S.: M. Wa'.kh.
». \V.; H. McCracken. J. "W.; J. BchaiJtt. 8.
.: Karl Porter. J. U.; P. Maloncy. A. AnJer
■ n KTid N. A. Andereon. tru»tees; W. O.
■!:.nh, ohyclrtan.
CKildea vJate Oiw.p N*n. C« of the Woodmen of
;1 » World ha« <le.rte.l th« fr»]iowinK named for
•- .r.-ulnc trrm: T. J. Phelpn. P. C. C: F.
I. Qulnlaa, C. C. : E. Enc'.man, A. L.. ; D.
Oliver Jr.. C. fr*-M«*cteil); John Bnyle. A. C.
— . '..•■■teJ); Al Weinert. B.; J. Trlmbl*. E.;
lr. Z. T. Ma!aby, W.; E. Brown. S.; J.
llajnnorc; M.
■ .Liirr.et Camp of the Woodmen of the World
I an rh'MM»n the following named for the eniulr.it
term: J. A Whltehead. P. C C. : F. B. Swan.
/ Cj Wll'.aia Hlalsdell. A. L : Themii
IZjarfcp, v ; AJ PhllUpi. C. : Fred no»»ert. E. .
J. J. <;&:vin. W.; Dr. William At wood and
•r. Mi: lor, manajrem.
Bxe«lator 'Trrle. Companions of the Forest
it A mm -a. V.tt* chr»*»n the following named aa
T. tn Tvr tfc» fn»ulTi( term: Mrs. M. A
I.K-. C. C; Mm. M. E. emlth. S. C. C: J. J.
■ordy. T.; T. F. Pewell. F. 8.; Mrv M. E.
Haker, H P.; M'.n* ftella Smith. R. G.; Mr».
:..\-j TYinaori. V. 0.. Ml>« Hilda Bjor*tad. I.
J.; ISrt. J. T. WUaoa. O. O. ; Mn. N. H)w»ii.
rttt:.i«t; T. A. L*r»on and MIM McVTurry.
r_i:«-». anl I>r. S^lt'ulay, • •••-Jan.
■ m ■
•Good Samaritan's" Benefit.
On Tuesday and Wednesday, December
4 aM £. there will be a bazaar and enter
:^T.m<-nt for the benefit of the Good
:. .r::an Mifbinn at Knights of Pythias
Hall, Market etr*-ct. near Fifth. It will
. ■ ! •!■! under the auspices of the "Moth
ers' Meeting,™ an organization of the
women <•( the Mission, who meet once a
week «::ipfly for needlework, making new
I ..-:..<:■.». mending an 1 other similar
wufk. This work, with many donations of
: . r y articles, will be exhibited for sale
I t!. iiftcrnoon and evening.
]r. the evening epeclal attractions are
■ :.'• r- ■]. fur which an admission of 25
cents f«ir adults and l'J cents for children
v :'.\ h~ • I.- d. Refreshments also will be
I "TVed.
Tl:« K-ven booths will be under the
■ ;..iri'<' of the following named ladles,
• .<• h «'f whom will bo assisted by several
others: Fancy booth. In charge of Mrs.
'.. Markf: household booth, Mrs. A. G.
Miller; plain «nd fancy booth. Mrs. Law
ler; <-an«ly booth, Mr*. S. M. Cox: flower
Vooth, Mrs. Hromley; refreshment booth,
Mrp. Frc-d Wacsman; grab bag. Mrs.
Lucy.
The programme for Tuesday evening
will V><» a-s follows: Exhibition drill by
Lndleh* Drill Corps No. 2. Daughters oC
Ie« l-«kah. and a number of musical selec
tion* by Mrii KlndHl. Miss Pengelly. Mrs.
Jarvl*, Miss J»-ai:nf-tt« Draper and
Messrs. William* and Gardner.
<»n Wednesday evening Mrs. A. T.
]:ri.!r<* will take charge of much of the
musical part, several selections being ren
<Vrr*d by the boy choir under the direc
tion of Miss Brown. There will be Ha
waiian eong*. Miss Hock»nbrock will re
. •• and Mla» Tlllle Salinger and others
will pine.
Rebekah Drill Corps.
Th« tttbokah Drill Con>a and Ladled'
Auxiliary to S.in Francisco Canton No. 5
of the Patriarchs Militant had a very
pleasant social In the banquet hall of the
<U4 I'-Ilows" building last Friday nl^ht.
Ttot hall vas crowded and all who were
present had reason to be grateful to Miss
A. H. Wclrti. Mrs. H. E. i'jru« Mr»
Mlrinl*. Dobbins. Mrs. He**l« Monroe.
Mm. Lena Jarvls. Colonel H. O. Brower.
<•. 11. Kornberk and H. A. Towle. th«
<orr.mltt**e on entertainment, for the en
joyable ev^nlr.j; they all spent. There
■v il- an admirable programme, of dances,
all up to 4n\f. as Is the drill ccrps.
■ ♦ ■
Independent Foresters.
Morris Vineyard Court of I>j« Angeles
recently tendered a reception to High
Chief ttanjjrr McElfresh. On that night
ti.at official made thirty Foresters at
Klßht.
Court Y«t!)A Hurna during the past two
w<-.k» I:aa lnlilatc-«l half a dozen candi
date* ii ■! ■-•.)! has t«: on the list
*nr admlp^ion hy itiltlatlon under the full
lorm. This t-ourt will receive a visit on th«
ILth lnKt. fr<jm Ulch Chief Ranker McKl
ire^h, whi> will aoon fo* here on a tour
of ofllclaJ visitations. The court Is aJso
iir*»parlnjf for a. Christmas festival during
ih^ current month.
Court Mission will plve an entertainment
nr.d <l»iiice in Mission Parlor Hall on the
nijjht of lho Uth lnst. It la to be an in
vitational 'complimentary function.
■ ♦ ■
Companions of the Forent.
Th<* ?Un Hoys anrt Is Girls" committee
of I^oyal Circl**, composed of Mrs. Sarah
luvorsfn. P. 8. G. C C. and N. O. W..
Uctdamn F. S. Morrow. LJzzle Prltch
ar<l Annie Senna. Mary Sweet, Annie
Vnzc Maptfo Morrison. Annie CrowHl.
Kntle McriJirlty. Mar>' Wllklrm. Uttle
Ivfmmc Frederick Zimmerman and
Grr rc'wilMam Corwln had a large at
tcmlaneo at th<» domino party last
wei-k and It proved a charming af
!a;r 'J Jxre were many who appeared in
i.dd'coMurm-s null **-l many to gufsslnj
who the wrarors were. This circle, which
la n K aln comlnff to the front as a fln«t
clnaa <ritcr.tftln«r. Is arrangins; a Chrlst
™ShertrooS*Src!e will Rive a social on
Uio Dlfftit of the 6th of December.
NEWS OF FRATERNAL ORDERS
Order Eastern Star.
Ivy Chapter, at Its meeting last Tuesday
night, admitted by Initiation four mem
ben, and elected four to become members
by Initiation.
The Installation of the officers of Beulah
Chapter, which had been announced for
last Monday. will b« held on the even
in* of the nth lnsL
On the evening of the- 24th of No
vember the officers of Unity Chapter
or the Order Eastern Star were Installed
[•> \\ orthy Grand Ruth. Mrs. Augusta
Dunn Wilson. P. G. M.. assisted by Mrs.
Mary Magulre. the first worthy matron of
the chapter, acting as grand marshal. In
Magnolia Hall. West Oakland. In the
presence of the almost entire membership
and many visitors. The hall was beauti
fully decorated with potted plants and
flowers, while the stars and stripes of Old
Glory lent an additional charm and
brightness to the scene. The- many
charge that the Installing officer Is called
upon to deliver to the various officers were
given In a most Impressive manner to the
following named, who are to serve for the
current term: Mrs. Emma Umphred,
worthy matron; W. W. N.-.il. worthy pat
ron; Mrs. Eunice Gllnes. associate mat
ron; Mrs. Zmxna A Perkins, secretary:
Mr*. lldegonda Berretta, treasurer; Mrs.
Edith Edwards, conductress; Mrs. Helen
Elizabeth Edwards, associate conductress;
Mrs. Mary Amelia Lumsden, chaplain:
Mrs. Annie McOird, marshal; Miss Etta
Elb«n. Mrs. Minnie Hall. Miss Inez Neal.
Miss Ethel Plumb and Mrs. Cynthia
Kecvaa respectively Adah. Ruth, Esther,
Martha and Elects; Mrs. Lulu Adams,
warder: Mrs. Elizabeth Dowell, sentinel
and Miss Lillian Qreenebaum. organist.
At the close of tho ceremonies Mrs. Edith
Ldwards rendered a solo In a most charm-
I Ing manner; Grand Patron George L. Dar
ling made a few remarks and lie was fol
lowed by Mrs. Lulu Lucas, A. G. M ; Mrs.
! Mary Elisabeth Partridge. P. M. W. G. M.
> of the G. G. C. of the U. S.. congratulated
I the new officers and tendered her best
, wishes for the continued prosperity of the
I chapter. The Installing officer on behalf
! of the chapter presented to Mrs. Annie
j McCord. the retiring matron, an exquisite
j Jewel of her rank; Mrs. Ma: McGulre,
in a very affectionate speech, referred to
I the long existing friendship between the
j Installing officer, Mrs. Wilson, and her-
I self and then handed her a basket of
j lovely flowers, a souvenir of the occasion
I and their happy relations of long stand
| Ing. Unity Chapter has a membership of
j 160, with a promising future of usefulness
; and pleasure with Alcatraz Lodge, F. and
A. M.
Order of the Amaranth..
Last Monday night Crescent Court of
the Order of th« Amaranth met in Elks'
1 Hall, with Royal Matron Mrs. E. C. Mal
! gren presiding and assisted by Royal
j Patron Frank B. Ladd. The principal
i work of the evening was the conferring
j of the .tees for the lost time- by the
I present offlcers. as the election will take
! place at the next session. That the work
! was done with extreme nicety and nn
] presslveness goes without Baying, for the
; officers have established an enviable repu
i tatlon In that line. This Is due In a great
j measure to tho Indefatigable efforts of
! lira. ICalcren to have all under her per-
I feet In the work assigned them. The offi
cers generally are entitled to credit also.
The royal matron has been very en
ergetic In her work of Increasing the
i court in membership and usefulness.
, Among those initiated was Mrs. W. J.
j Martin. After the business of the even
: ing was over, refreshments were served.
At the election on • he nth lust. it Is ex
pected that Florin L. Jones will be chosen
royal patron.
Odd Fellows.
A fine portrait of Past Grand Patriarch
Harris has been finished for the gallery
In the office of gTand secretary.
Santa Monica Encampment and Orange
i Grove Encampment were consolidated at
! ljfts Angelas last week, and will be known
i hereafter as Orange Grove Encampment.
During th« pant week Grand Warden
| Nicholas and Grand Secretary Shaw paid
I official visits to lodges In Placer County
j and found them all In good condition. At
Kocklln they Initiate . two candidates and
had promise of more. The grand master
took up the visitation In the latter part
of the week to allow th« grand secretary
to return to his office.
Unity Lodge had two Initiations and
Templar Lodge one last week.
The Rebekahs.
California Rebekah I»dge No. 1 has in
augurated a boom, for on the night of th.
27th of last month It Increased Its mem
bership by nine, and to-morrow night will
Initiate a like number. Its membership Is
now In excess of 100. At the last held
meeting there was a good attendance In
cluding visitors from all the local lodges
and some from Nevada and San Diego.
To-morrow night the lodge will have an
"at home."
Fidelity Rebekah Lodge of Gllroy re
cently paid a visit to the Orphans' Home
of the order at Gllroy, and noticed that Ii
vu without a piano. At the next meet-
Ing of the lodge It was suggested that the
lodge purchase a piano for the horn- and
the motion was carried without a dissent-
Ing voice. Last Monday the piano was
delivered to the home in the name of the
lodge, and now there will bo music to
make glad the hearts of the little ones.
Native Daughters.
Darlna Parlor, the baby city parlor. Is
doing remarkably well. At Its meeting in
Franklin Hall last Monday It received fa
vorable reports on the applications of
nine strangers, who will be Initiated to
morrow night, thereby increasing the
membership to about sixty. The mem
bers of this parlor are active workers and
very enthusiastic in the work of the Na
tive Daughter*. This parlor has set aside
the first Monday night In each month for
an "at home," to be arranged by a com
nilttee taken alphabetically from the roll.
I These will entertain the members and .ill
! visitors who may desire to enjoy the hos
pitality of Darlna.
A very enjoyable entertainment and
1 dance was given by the members of Sans
I Soucl Parlor In their ha;. on Devlsadero
j street on the night of the 24th of Novc-m
! her. in the presence of a large audience
that greatly appreciated the Interesting
numbers presented. Then followed danc
| ing by all. Many words of commendation
were spoken for the committee that had
arranged nuch a delightful evening's
pleasure. Sans Soucl Parlor, which Ii now
I on th* high road to prosperity. Is one of
the wide-awake subordinates of the order
and Is one of the most sociable.
La Paloma Parlor No. 116 of Gllroy, the
baby parlor of the State, organized about
five weeks ago, gave Us Drst party on the
night of November It, In Y. M. I. Hall.
The attendance was good, the programme
Interesting and numbers entertaining.
There was dancing BUlficient to satisfy the
most ardent lover of the whirl In the ball
room, to music by < nip's orchestra. There
was a cakewalk, which was one of the
i Interesting features of the evening, and as
the participants went through the many
steps they brought down the house. The
programme Included remarks by Mrs. Fay
I'eabody. president of the parlor: recita
tions by Milton Phegley. Lena Paine. Mrs.
K. F. Wagner and Mra. Fay Peabody, in
strumental music by Misses Grace and
Minnie Wlllcy and Mrs. J. G. McAlplne,
J. O. Walling, Harry Dexter and Lfby
Vesta Dexter. "The Power of Music," an
original production, recited by Mrs. Pea
body. was a gem In that line. The win
ners of the cakewalk were Myrtle Reeve
and Ralph Pallllge. Genevievo de Knight,
and Porter Peabody Jr., Hazel de Knight
and John Matthias and Rosle Clavere and
Milton I'heglf >
Kddlo Matthias, the leader of the walk,
was presented a gold ring, the contribu
tion of Mrs. Lucinda ltohr and Mrs. Anna
Ke«v«\ At a recent meeting the ofllcers
Inlllatfji throe candidates On the after
noon of the 15th the parlor held a
special meeting to receive lira, Cora n.
Blfford. the grand president, all the mem
ben attending to Kre*-t her. The mem
bership was given some Instruction In the
ritualistic work by the visiting official;
who that afternoon left for Bolllater.
During her stay In Otlroy she was the
guest of the president of La Paloma.
Ancient Order Workmen.
Spartan Ix>dge will give a smoker to Its
members and visitors on the last Satur
day of each month.
Park Lodge will give an entertainment
and dance In Devlsadero Hall on the
night of the 14th lnat.
St. John's Ix>dge has arranged for an
entertainment In Its lodge room In the
Alcarar on the night of the 21st Inst.
Last Monday night there was a meeting
of the new San Francisco Extension Com
mittee, with President Edwin Danforth In
tho chair. There were present a majority
of th« grand officers and delegates of
nearly all of the local lodges. There* was
a free discussion of the work on hand and
, It was decided to use every exertion to ,
1 prevent members from becoming suspend- J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1899.
Ed for non-payment of assessments or
dues. All present expressed a willingness
to help the committee In Its work. As
the deputies for this city are under salary.
It was decided that no bonus be paid by
lodges to euch deputies during December.
Ti-morrow night Grand Receiver Ba:n
Booth will lecture before the Past
Master's Association on "Co-operation O5
Exemplified by the Ancient Order of
L'nited Workmen."
Deputy Walter Malloy Is receiving from
the local lodges the names of those mem
bers who have allowed themselves to bt
suspended and he is paying missionary
visits to each one.
rraiicisco Lodge No. 179 celebrated
Its nineteenth anniversary last Wednas-
Kht In it« lodge room by an *nfer
t:Unment and smoker for members r.nd
friends. Frank G. Magulre. H. B B.
I'hapman, H. Kroeger, A. Manning. H. J.
Cuefio. J. J. Wall and J. T. Blake, the
committee on entertainment, had an In
teresting programme, which Included In
strumental selections by William Kn««
sel, A. Hilton. \V. 8. Pierce, Professor
Georgo Beckman and O. F. Klein Jr..
vocal selections by Joseph Hagan, T.
Pemberthy and T. Trenderlck. recitations
*•>• C. E. Shield and E. B. Peterson, and
club swinging by J. Dllges. There was
nn address appropriate to the occasion by
Z«Ch T Whltten. The evening was en-
Joyably spent by the many present and
all In "addition enjoyed the hospitality of
the lodge In the shape of a collation and
cigars.
Knights of Honor.
Last week Liberty Lodge of the.
: Knlphts of Honor gave an entertaln
| me:it and dance In the social hall of the
' Alcaxar building In celebration of Its
i chango of quarters. The hall was crowd
j ed to Its fullest by the members and their
: lady friends, the members of Yerba
j Buena Lodce, who attended In a body,
and a number of Invited guests. After
j Introductory remarks by James A. John
llotator <>f Liberty Lodge, Dr. Ed
wanl <5. Elsea entertained with stereop-
UoOQ views; Alfred Sclimull&n rendered a
tenor boIo; the San Francisco Conserva
tory Mandolin Club entertained with se
lections; Den I. Salomon, grand assistant
I dictator, delivered an eloquent and very
: Interesting address on the order; Mies
''lair Fex gave some specialties; Mrs. Jen
nie Reed gave a recitation; Mrs. B. Sor
ensen (harmed with a vocal selection;
Mac Furst told a number of funny stories.
.!!:■! little Irene Gaudy sang coon songs.
Then followed dancing and the serving of
Icecream. A. E. Howe, C. W. Apgar, B.
rge, If. Kelly and Dr. Elsen were
the committee on entertainment, and
William O. Langstaff was the floor man
ager and Dr. T. J. Crowley and A. Schmu
\!s assistants.
During the week the grand officers. In
cluding Grand Dictator Archibald, Grand
!<••;•■ v■ -r Johnstons. Grand Trustee E. F.
Joy and Past Grand Dictators Crowe and
learned and Philip Prior, visited Gerraa
nia Lodge and a very Instructive and
pleasant evening was passed.
Last week the grand dictator and the
grand reporter went to Salinas and other
places in that \idnlty to pay visits to the
lodges there.
Knlffhta of Honor are In no way
' connected with the order known as the
Knights and Ladles of Honor.
■a • -k the grand dictator, grand
••t, grand treasurer, grand repre
sentatives and others paid a visit to Nor
man Lodge, and they were cordially le
cei\ •
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
West End Lodge of the Knights and
Ladies of Honor will on th© night of the
7th of December tender a reception to
Mrs. Mnry E. Carleton. widow of the late
Krnnd secretary, who has been In Indian
apolis attending to the publication of the
official orcan of the order, and who will
.1 few d.'iys for n short visit.
Last week Aurora Lodge tendered a
tion to Supreme Representative
L. J. Wheelock. The hall was
with decorations of evergreens ami
• ■-. u::d then- was a fine and enter-
B propramma of singing, music, lit
* rary efforts and addresses. The prlncl
; .rti«"l}'nnts were Miss Hearn. Miss
Fannie I»ro and Mrs. Wheelock. the guest
of the evening, who read an original poem
on th>^ twentieth anniversary of the
institution of the lodK^. that night being
nniverawy of that event. Dancing
f-illowpil an appropriate address by the
grand protector. Z. T. Whltton.
National Union.
Norman R. Arter, Thomas K. K«f *• and
E. A. Kldd on last Tuesday succeeded In
presenting one of the best entertainments
that has ever been offered to the mem
bership of Golden Gate Council. The slne
lnp by the quartets and C. T. Wendell
was ■.armlnK, the remarks of Senator J.
K. Field on why we should give thanks
were Interesting and timely. That for
which members had to give thanks par
ticularly, ho said, was for being part and
parcel of the National Union. The ad
dress of Colonel Duboce was a pleasant
effort, and the address of T. K. Kate on
how to carve a turkey was a happy effort.
The other members were, as well as these,
greatly appreciated.
At the meeting of California Council
last week there wan the Initiation of
ihr-« candidates, after which Speaker
Gibson Introduced a number of at
tractive features under pood of the or
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
141 to ISO Geary Mreet. Above Powell.
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKK AND PI(J IRON.
J C WII SON & CO * Ba «*nr Street.
J- V- TTILJVn U WU-, Telephone Main 1»«4.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Bupt. H. BLYTHE Mrr
f W SMITH Bhlp P^mblng. Steamboat
I/- "• J. 711111, and Ehlp Work a Specialty. If
and IS Washington st. Telephone Main 5«41.'
FRESH AND SALT .MEATS.
US RflYFSftfi) Snipping Butchers. 104
JA3- DUltJtt tU-, clay. T.I. Main lift*.
FURS. •
I N I OFSTAD 14 X*K *"n"" n " •*•• «»•«•"* ij«»«t
J. iJ. LUrjl/tU, ttylts. lowe«t prices, r.mod-linj.
IR3N FOUNDERS. "
WESTERN FOUNDRY, RSC M ASS»
ft. Caning* of Every Description Mad* to
Order. Tel. Black 1105.
PAPER DEALERS. ~
WTT 1 AMFTTF PULP AND pap co..
" 111 . -i II I 1C 722 Montgomery it-
| PRINTINX
c r RFIfiHFS PRINTER.
C- V- IllUllLJ. eh San»ome .v. 3. F.
STATIONKt* AND PRINTER.
Tele^phlo PARTRIDGE ** California
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, SiVb" buJ£
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at Its QUEEN
KIVER COLLIERIES. la the Best Coal In th*
mark»t. Office and Yards— 4 SO Main street.
••••••••••••••••••••••
5 KODAKS! KODAKS!
• No Shopworn Goods, but New Stock. •
• JUST FROM THE FACTORY AT J *
S ONE-THIRD OFF LIST PRICE. 3
• ALSO •
• I.ARGE ASSORTMENT OF CAMERAS •
m AMD SUPPLIES, THE LATEST #
(M AND REST IN THE A
X MARKET. Z
S FULLER^ KLPIN, 2
m r»KALERS IN ALL KINDS OF *
(i SPORTING GOODS. S
SSTORTINQ GOODS. S. f : . T
3H si.cONii 6TREET, S. F. J
•%€Q9*999999OWGQW
— — — —^ _
Hssl ■ ■ p|| A> ALKEKT
HB b S BHL licporKr and
2 Uliy 111 Grant Ay.
TtUpaon*
OBEEN 825. ,
der. Mr. Caldwell gave select readings,
the National Union Quartet rendered sev
eral fine selectione and C. E. Boysen an«i
Mr. Fury of the quartet sang solos and
there were other features.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Great Sachem E. B. Wilson Is visiting
the tribes In the northern part of th*
State. Last Thursday he left Sacramento
In company with Great Chief of Records
Porter L. Bliss to Institute Coahullla
Tribe No. 102 In San Bernardino, with fifty
charter members.
On the 23d of last month a preliminary
meeting was held In the office of the great
chief of records with a view to Institute a
new tribe In this city. There are 103
names to the petition for a charter. Judge
E. I*. Morgan and S. Goldman are the or
ganizers.
On the night of the 25th of last month
Bald Eagle Tribe gave a masquerade ball
In Saratoga Hall, at which there were
many members of the order and paleface
friends. Many of the maskers wore
pretty and novel costumes. It was after
midnight bofore the participants trailed to
their peaceful wigwams.
Althamos Tribe is advancing rapidly,
many of the members exerting themselves
to an unusual degree to secure additional
members. At its council last Wednesday
seventeen pulefaces were adopted and at
th« previous council about twenty wer*>
adopted. This tribe has the work per
formed by Its team, which Is undoubtedly
the best costumed and best drilled In the
reservation (if California.
Althamos Tribe was instituted three
years ago on December 6, and from a
charter list of slxty-slx Its membership
has grown to 276. with forty applications
yet to be noted on At the session of the
Great Council last August this tribe was
awarded $luo for the greatest Increase In
membership during the preceding "sun"
and an additional prize of $100 for the bcai
rendition of the degree work. The team
of this tribe has visited many of the local
tribes for the purpose of conferring the
degrees, and by Invitation of the great
sachem officiated at the Institution of
Cherokee Tribe of Berkeley. Carqulnez
Tribe of Crockett has Invited the team to
visit It to confer the degrees.
Degree of Pocahontas.
Kaweah Council of the Degree of Poca
hontas of the Improved Order of Red
Men was Instituted In B. B. Hall by Great
Pocahontas Annie E. Gill, assisted by
Past Great Pocahontas Nora Klenk. The
work Incident to the Institution was per
formed by Yosemlte Council In a very Im
prenelve manner. This council was or
ganised by Great Junior Sagamore A. L.
Holder and has forty charter members
Mrs. Jennie Weissel, Miss K. Norton
Mrs. L. Noddes. Mrs. L. Allcorr. Miss M*
Pool*. B. Peterson and B. Beckwlth were
the committee that had charge of the
entertainment and dance given last week
by Pocahontas Council In the Shlels
building. Among the features presented
there was a fancy dance, recitations and
vocal selections, the principal participants
in the programme being Mrs. Anette At
kinson. Miss E. Wallace. Miss Annie
Leary. Mrs. C. Purcell. Miss Jennie Wai
roth and Professor Anderson. The pro
gramme of dance* was a good one and
the many who filled the hall to Its ca
pacity had a very enjoyable tlm«
More Fraternal on Thirteenth Page.
. AMUSEMENTS.
(THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.)
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phono SOUTH 770.
MATINEE
(SUNDAY)
LAST PERFORMANCE
£?■?•?! lIN OLD
KENTUCKY.
COMMENCING
TO-NIGHT -«»*«.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY,
EXERCISE YOUR NERVES
WITH A HEARTY LAUGH.
The Farcical Comedy,
MB. PLASTER
- PARIS!
SHRIEKS OF LAUGHTER.
SPECIAL PRICES FOR THIS ENGAGEMENT
Evening 15c,*25c, 35c and 50c
Matinee ._ L! _. 15c, 25c and 35c
NEXT-ORIGINAL GEORGIA MINSTRELS.
STEEPLECHASE!
CENTRAL PARK. ?? p ttot e ooo n vu a ww y p fr T
IT'S THE PLACE WITH THE FUNNY STAIRS
PROFESSOR HILL,
The fe&rlegs equilibrist. In his hazardous spe-
cialty.
JEFFRIES- FITZSIMMONS
FIGHT.
ETery round of the famous pugilistic encounter
THEMECHANICAL BANDS.
Imported direct from Germany
THE RAZZLE-DAZZLE
Gives a brand new sensation. Try It
The Great Roman Carrousel.
Wild beasts make up this novel hippodrome
THE BICYCLE CIRCUS. BARREL OF
LOVE. HUMAN CAGE. EARTHQUAKE
FLOOR. ARE AMONG THE SCORES OF
OTHER FUNNY THINGS.
THE ENTIRE BILL.
Direct From Coney Island.
ADMISSION 10c. Includes a ride on the
horses. Handsome presents to the winners.
OLYMPIA CO/f. MASON
The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City.
A BILL WORTH 810 MONEY TO SEE
CAD WILSON,
Capitalist by Klondike Luck and Soubrette by
Inclination.
HASTINCS AND HALL,
America's Cleverest Society Duo.
AND A FULL BILL OF CHOICE VAUDE-
VILLE ATTRACTIONS. VAUUt '
A $10,000 Belt and Chatelaine belong-
Ing; to CAD WILBON can be seen In th»
show windows of
MORICE VAN VLEIT
» 844 and 844 Market st.
ADMISSION FREE.
MATINEEB EVERT SUNDAY
AMATEUR NIGHT-EVERY FRIDAY.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR miTE,
In His Great Imitation of CORNILLE.
ADGIE AND HER LIONS,
IN A GLORIOUS SPECTACULAR MIRROR
DANCE.
FRANK HALL SUBDUING WALLACE
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SEE THE HIGH DIVER.
Cheer Up In the "CABARET DE LA MORT."'
Fhcne for Seats- -Park SI
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j CITY OF j||| PARIS 1
* DRY GOODS COMPANY. g
1 COLORED DRESS GOODS. \
o
j^ During the Holiday Season we will offer magnificent values g
g in all lines of our Novelty Dress Goods, comprising the very •*
•• latest productions of the European markets. '.♦,
o o
I — •'•>-•* §
« WE SUBMIT THE FOLLOWING SPECIAL INDUCEMENTS: g
§ ZIBELIiNE PLAID, in a very choice line of CAn Q| ,J §
§ colorings OUC VaPCI g:
§ §
§ 52-inch CAMEL'S HAIR CHEVIOT, in an infinite (PC f\f\ ft.
g variety of shades— full suit <PO«Uv/ °
p c^
$ The new "RAVE CORD," an exceedingly (P>|A Cf\ o
£ stylish and dressy weave— full suit q)IU.OU o
i»
8 Also a large assortment of Dress Patterns, specially arranged •*
g for Christmas gifts, from $3.00 upward. ° §
0 . g
g COUNTRY ORDERS CAREFULLY AND PROMPTLY FILLED.
| CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY %
♦ r *
ft S. E. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, San Franoiaoo. 0
S . Vj
Q UNION SQUARE. O
•022O?SO?itoJ*O»!»a^^
AMUSEMENTS.
-. SAN FRANCISCO OMAHA
Week Commencint? y>^ | -. *•«*. THE GREATEST
SUNDAY MATINEE, >T \V P* BILL OF THEM
\> In a Cyclone of Pun. Entltl».l "ONLY A JOKE." 'W
....DIRECT FROM EUROPE....
TENNIS TRIO JESSIE MILLAR
, Sensational Club Manipulators. I The Accomplished Instrumentalist.
A. D. BOBBINS I with^tie, I PETE BAKER
SIC. ALBJNI lor froqbSmkki | BIOCRAPH
i
MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY. DEC 3d.
Parquet. 15 cents, any seat: Balcony, 10 cents; Children, 10 cents, any part.
A few front orchestra rows reserved. 60 cents; front raws of balcony, reserved, 25 cents.
CALIFORN]AJHEATER ~gfe-
COLUMBIA tonight
THE LLADING THEATER. 1 ONLYSTIivrES MORE
SEATS SELLING FOR ALL REMAINING PERFORMANCES.
THE MOST r; $ JACOB LITT'S
SENSATIONAL GREAT
SUCCESS K.HD OF T/fE CENTURY MILITARY
OF THE *-»/\/\ r-* SPECTACLE.
p riodi I 200 People - - - - 50 Horses
SHENANDOAHT
LAST PERFORMANCE NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT!
I THE MOST n/ITTI p EVER SHOWN I
AS I 1!M)I>G £3/4 I I l-d £Z ON ant stage. I
Monday, Decll-FREDERICK IA7ARDE.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY).
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME
SAINTS AND SINNERS
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
DOUBLE BILL,
First Time on Any Btaxe, Francis Powers'
Mexican Tragedy.
"MOTHER EARTH"
INCREASED ORCHESTRA.
Music by EMUS BRUOUIKRB, Preceded by
the Humorous Farce,
4 UP TO WATKINS."
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MRS. BIRMINGHAM,
CONTRALTO.
SHERMAN & CLAY BALL.
TUESDAY LYE.. Deo 5. 8:15 o'clock.
Assisted by Mr. Harry Olrard of New York.
Barytone: Mrs. Wlllard ' Batchelder. Accompa-
nist. Tickets, Me. at Sherman & Clay's, Mon-
day and Tuesday. December « and S.
...THIS (SUNDAY! NIGHT...
■TDFSMDOOI AND PI'BSTANTIAL
TRIUMPH OF THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY
Th^ MflM Hfauttftil Ro- ; ONLY PATURPAV
niiintlc FMay Evfr Wrltton . MATINKE.
"An Enemy
to the King"
MART HAMPTON In H<T Orlrlnal
Rol» of JULIE DE VARION.
POPULAR PRICES 73c ."VO<» '2tlo
MATINEE sOc. an«-
D»c. 10— Another »r»«t favorite. "THE FATAL
CARD."
CALIFORNIA THEATER-Special !
TUESDAY, THURSDAY AND FRIDAY
AFTtBNOON:,
D*c. 18. ♦». and ». at 1:19.
Only Appearance of the Renowned Pianist,
VLADIMIR
De Pachmann.
HENRT WOL.FSOHN. Manager.
Bale Op«na D«c 11. and Sherman. Clay A Co ,
Stelnwar Piano Used.
n Visitors to this
rflfinrflttlfl cltv sh ° vi not fan
rdllUlallld to see the greatest
work of art ever
DdlllC Ul » Marvelous In de-
tail, wonderful in
Manila Bay execution. m
Manila Bay *%v -
J Market St., nr. Bth.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN US.
Last Night ofJIEVANQELINE."
WEEK OK TO-MORROW. MONDAY. DEC. 4.
Elaborate Production of H. J.
Stewart's and I'ctcr Robert-
son's Comic Opera,
HIS
MAJESTY!
THE CHARACTERS.
Of I'atata.
King Cadenza, a specially engaged monarch..
William Wolff
His Royal Consort lt»s*l.« Falrbulrn
His Daughter, the Princess Enl-l..K«Uth Mason
His ime Minister Wlnfred Uoff
Of Muscovy.
The Crown Prinre Feodor Thomas 11. Persse
His Valet, the Mock Prince Nace IVmvltle
An En tern Wlnfi Uoff
The Leonid Comic Opera Company.
Don Impresario. soie proprietor and man-
ager Arthur Wooley
Donna Bettl Martini, prima donna amnluta..
Hattt# Itelle I-. 11
TIM Lending Tenor Joseph Ih»vi<»
The Principal rurltone Joseph Witt
The Great an.l Only Ilasso Antonio RomoN*
, The Inimitable Huff.' Oeorge i* : ■••.«
I Th- Stage Manager Oscar i*»
I Th» Musical Director A. E. Amoll
j Th» Prop* uri I'illlty n«rt I^»!l«»
The Giddy Houhrette . Ethel Htr.vhtn
I The Recognized Character Artiste. Addle Arnold
The Melancholy Understudy Mabel Hllllanl
. Incidental to the Third Act Charles H. Jone>T
; Latest Kevice.
THE MARCH OF THE ROYAL
PAGES by BEAUTIFUL GIRLS.
Beautiful Scenery, Cos-
tumes ajul_Elffects.
USUAL POPULAR PRICES —
50, 35, 25, 15 and 10 Cents.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— Special !
THURSDAY AFTERNOON. Dec. 7th.
at 3: Iff,
Grand Symphony Concert,
Under the Direction of
HENRY HOLMES,
Late Conductor of the Orchestra of the ROTAL
COLLEGE OF MI'SIC, LONDON.
SIXTY-SIX MUSICIANS In the Orchestr*.
ALL BEATS RESERVED!
PRICES-ll U>. SI 09. :sc. so-- and 2Se.
SEATS NOW ON SALE AT SHERMAN.
CI.AT A CO.S.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
F"ARE\A/ELL TO
SIGNORSSALASSAandAVEDANO
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
In Verdi's Great Triumph.
OTHELLO
END OF THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
SPECIAL NOTICE !
The Tivoli will be CLOSED
FIVE NIGHTS NEXT WEEK
For Decoration and Repair*.
BOX OFFICE OPEN DAILY.
SUPERB GALA REOPENING
SATURDAY EVENING, Dec. 9.
GORGEOUB PRODUCTION OF THE FAMOUS
COMIC OPERA.
TAR- TARTAR
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Reappearance of Every One's Favorite,
FERRIS HARTMAN.
Return of Charming ANNIE MYERS.
810 DOUBLE COMPANY OF ARTISTS! !
BRILLIANT COSTUMES AND BCENERT! !
POWERFUL CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA! I
Greatest Presentation In il-iny Tears! '.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Telephone fop 6eat«, Bush O
UNION COURSING PARK.
■ TO-DAY, SUNDAY, December 3d.
CHAMPION
OPEN STAKE
— or —
Eighty Nominations!
$1000 IN PRIZES.
RAG-TIME CONCERT BT
YON on MEHDEN'S BAND.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townserul streets. 10:lS a.
m . 11 a. m II m. and 1 p. m. . Twenty<flfth
and Valencia streets five minutes later. Re-
turning after last course and 4:16 p. m. San
Maleo electric cars every ten minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION.
TANFORAN PARK.
SECOND MEETING. Dec. 4-16. ■•, Inclusive.
Six hlgh-elitft* running races every week-day.
rain or shine, beginning at 1:10 p. en
The Ideal winter racetrack of America. Pa-
trons step directly from the railroad cars Ma
a superb grand stand, glass-enclosed, wherp
comfortably housed In bad weather they ran
enjoy an unobstructed view of the races.
Trains leave Third and Townsand streets at
9.00. 10:40 and 11:30 n. m.. and IMS, 12:13. 12 >l
and 1.25 p. m.. returning .mmeillately a'fer
last race and at 4:4S p. m Hear cars ree«rv«o
for women and their escorts. No smoking.
Valencia stre«t 10 minutes later. •
Sun Jose and way stations. Arrive at Pan
Hnino at 12:4* p. m. Leave San Uruno at 4:06
1 an.l 1:49 p m.
Rates: San Francisco to Tanfnran and re-
' turn. Including admission to track, fl 13
W. J. MARTIN. President.
I F. H. GREEN. Secretary and Manager.
■ THE WEEKLY CALL.
' Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
1516
SAN TRANCISCO CALL.
BCBXXESS OFFICE of the Ban Fraacisoo
Call, roM cf Mark«-t and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— tn Montgomery street,
comer Clay: cpen until » 30 p. n>.
:-•!■ Hayes rett; open until 1:30 p. m.
C» McAllister rtreet: open until » SO p. m.
<'i Larkln nreet; open until » 10 p. m.
:}(1 Misrion street; open until 10 p. m.
:: r i Market att-cet. corner Sixteenth; open
<:• t : t p. in.
in« Eleventh street; open until « p. m.
;• --j Vslenita street: cpen until • p. m.
113 I'olk Street; open until * p. m.
Ncrtfiwent corner cf Twonty-aecond and Ken-
tu. kv rtreetn; open until » p. m ■<■■?■..■.
I Ml Rl II si:n vices.
I I at The Strangers' Sakiiath Home
J '1 164?) Mo»ard St. Methodist- Fr'.scops l
f H Cliuich Bet. si _ji Sts. Seats Ftef .
1 I: R.-v. Or. Jntrn A. U. Wilson. P*»tor
r ll\ - ijSJ Res. by the Crrarrt*. Tel. Ulack v*».
■ nn rafortib '' iw "^aubath Hoot
.
t i Scats Fiee.
•J Mta A H Wsbmbl, l-»\\or
Krv . (asj k v* 1 -
. nn **»**
rS 4 Inn A ||li<:rtertust-«*tirr I Aw*n >■«
\J*J . S
rkvjoJfSr kvj0JfS 11 A ' M " " The H«pe of the Fu-
JK.|j%9'!jt( ture 1 ; special iau>ic; 12:_. bun-
•vrnyiTTLM flu > ! " !•*■>'. Normal «nJ Bible
i__.«j»«i — ' dust for strangers; C:3v>. Young
Pe.-ple'a meeting; 7:5.. "Tr_-nc In Olrls ana
How to Pr«vont It," by Mrs. Charllon Kd-
holm of Chicago; th« celebrated barytone.
.».:.• n Hilton, will slcg.
OIlACi: M. _. Church, oorner To-enty-flrrt and
Capp ets.. J. N. n.»t 1. U. V.. pattor— Preach-
lnj: by li.c pastor at 11 a. m.. nubjecu 'The
Twcbllrih Century"; Punday-school at i: 46
I'- tu. The JTjjworth L«ague devotional meet-
lr.r. Will be led by tl. R. H_-r!u; subject,
"Until He tome." The «>r»M.lrnt of the
I-x-iiE^e Chaj.tor. Ml?a C. A. Krhrage. will lead
the International Lteig-ue ":<•• :;:.c. subject.
"Chrti.t In the IIc»e." Preaching by the pas-
tur at T:«3 p. m.
FJHST CangrvgsUona! Church, comur Post and
I'uon fU.- 1-iev. George C. Adams. I). U.,
will j.niM.h at Nnh *er\ice»; 11 a. ra. theme.
"True Nubility"; 7:50 p. tr.. theme. "The
Value cf a Pilnciplo in the l>evelopment of
National Character." All «j cordially Invited.
WEST SIDE Ohrlwilan Church. Bush at., near
Z*'Vl>mdr>ro~Prrachlng morning «nd evening
by t_<« pastor. Rev. Walter M. White, recently
of Midway. Ky. SubJ«cu: 11 a. tn.. "I Ii«-
lieve in <Jjd"; 7:Sa p. m.. "The Secret of Lov-
ing." The public 1« cordially Invited to both
•etvlces. Sunday-** hftol JO a. m. Young )■•-.
_Jpl_«_ Society of Christian Endeavor «:S0 p. m.
SCVIiNT H-DAV AdvenTlst Church. 114-SH I_-
guna st . bet. McAiitster *_d Golden Out*
aye.. _lder J. O. Ourllsa. ; a>n.r- .S-rvi<-t
.Sabbath (Saturday): Sabbath-school at t.ii;
preaching at 11 o'clock. Preaching s— i-loe
Sunday evening at 7:30; tubjeot to-night.
"Th* Orlßln of Uvil"; cjnurejratlanal klnglnu;
•cats fYee; all cordially welcome.
FIRST Church of Christ. ScUtiUst. Central
b: Kk. :_ Sutter rt.. Iri. Keamy and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lea.ton at 11
— m.; -j»iJ<N-t. "God. the Pi— »er\«- of Man";
tvjnday-ech.wl for chill— 1 n at th« name buur.
■WedrnH-Jay evetimg Riveting at h o'clock. All
are wcUvunel.
THE lirrt IMvine Silence Church, M. E. Cra-
mer iMiftor.— Discourse at 11 a. m.; subject.
"The Towrr of Strength." £«rvloe<i every
Fundsy in Yesemlte Hail. Nattvo Sons' bull.l-
InR. Mjmm rt.. ln.-U G«try and Po»t; take ele-
vator.
ASSOCIATION AuJit*rium. Ma^.m and Ellis
Us.— Maji#-rrr«*tl'iß. for men only, to-day at I
o'clock. 4he n«ed Australian divine Rev
Js»ac Selby. will lecture on "From Athnism to
CterlatU—lty." Seats free, and all young men
A SPECIAL lecture on th» Bible Chart will be
given t«.-r.lght »Sunday>. December 3.
at Welcome Hall. sr. Howard St.. between'
Hfth ani Sixth. Gospel Singer <; \v
rmlgh will le»J the tinting and In the gos-
j~l !«>r\i.rs every r.li,-tit except Saturday. A
oordlal Invjtatlun to all.
£PE<"!AI< preaching In the tent, on Broadway"
l-etn.-rn Fourteenth and Fltteenth sta . Oak-
iHnd. citimienclng Monday evening, Decem-
»-r 4. Theme. "What I>n th» Scrlpturee
Pesca Cati<-ernlng I>Ki;rpi»ction. Second Com-
lt;g .f <»ur 1-..M *nd CumpleUon In Christ 7"
A. Wood.
Till: Theosophlcal s.-wiety— l"ublic lecture to-
nlf-ht. ccr. SeveMh and Market rt*., "Food
Hf a J a. t.ir in Evolution." by Will '• Bailer.
Golden Chain 11 a, m. Inquirers' clashes Tues-
<T;.>> x p. m.. 'i'hursdny 2:30 p. m.
51KKTINGS — lUXDAY.
A FREE lecture this evening I o'r.ock on
"The Phi:r*npby of the Soul* Future." by
Dr. J. l>rj.»w Kerk-an (of Drs. K. £ X.'»
Eli-ctrk- Sanitarium t, Cryftal Hall. Pythian
«'a»tle. frr* Mutk>-t rt., followed by marnlfl-
i-r.t vi.-ws of a tour of Romo. Th<jse altend-
Ing this lecture may procure free tickets to
the X-ray exhibition at the Sanitarium, cor-
ner of Markt-t auj Masou '■.».. Un Tuesday
I'l'nlni; tiext.
■
ght. at •
M
--ting.
BOCIETT or Pr'«crec>ilve S»;urltuaJl»ts. Oecl-
«!rr.tal Hall, corner 1-arkln and McAllister
ttr»>«-ts— Sunda>. ..; 7:stt p. m. Speaker Mrs.
R. 8. Llllie. Subject. "After Transition.
■
all :r»e.
i
■
» p m.
KATIE HEISSMANN'S to-night and Mon. *%c;
tots to til. l«c; cymbal t»-»t circle Frl. eve,
"jc^j>lttir.rs dally. 64i Jessie, off Seventh.
LA PIES' AID bazsar and entertainment Dec,
I and >. occidental Hall, crner Larktn and |
McAllUter «m-rtw; day and evening.
JOHN SLATER— Grand seance to-night at 1:15,
tiall I** Market st.; messages and questions :
ar.swerr-d; adtnltwlcn 10c.
CHILDREX'B progressive lyceum; fr^r spirit-
ual library, fit Market st.. 13:30; subject.
•Vo-Operutlon."
AT Eherhardfs Hall— Convincing test to-night.
10c; ►K.j.Mrs lnvit-d; good music. OM Twenty-
••ettmd st.
WMIJ. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
tilght. ti».'j McAllister ».t.. loc ; cotna. skeptlca.
EATILirS aea-Bfe to-night. »0 Ellis; S o'clock.
2-.*. MoALLI«TER-Test meeting this and Mon.
• x - : !»«. !\ sj.lrit i-vj«.t; 10c; g<>ud m»-dlums.
ATTEND Mme. Marquise's test circle to-night.
»; I'v. fcitf Market «t.. oor. Stockton, parlor 4. !
T>:sT meeting. 8 p. m.. 117 Larkln si. Mrs.
\\ renn. Hat, h. I'ruf. Gee; admission free.
C. V. MILLER'S Mherealizlng materialltlng
neance; 8 p. m.; tOe, 40» Le*vcnworth.
MRS. WINCH nKTEItTpVychIc. 1610 .>>• st.:
conn-ilutlon daily. •» a. m. to 6 p. m.
MltS. I>h;aN'S harmony circle. II to L 3X
:..•!!■.. all welcome to i>artlclpate.
Mi:? Mi.NA Ki:AN<-Is".~~ind»pendent slats
writing m»dh:m. lIS Halrht st.
Ml'.S. AlTK!;ns. :;o MeAlllster St.. flat I— Test
medium; sittings dally.
Ml I lIM.s-UUrr.il Ilrnlserhond.
THEOSOPIIICAL Society In America, lit Mir
kft St.— Lecture to-night. "Parsifal." by 11.
«. Monjr»«. International Brlthrrhood league
Tii«-»1ii) nirht: sutij^ct. "Our Ffcllen Sisters."
n ; 1 1\«. \orn i -
MAGNOLIA 1/odre No. 28. I. O. O. I«MBBta
F. — f\in«rul detail ii!ea>e aa»em- A^SJSgr
Me TO-MORROW (MONDAY).
l>ecetr.l>er 4. jn our I .•:««• room -'■s.vii 1 ??"'
nt li» o'riock a, m. sharp, to fcttend the fu-
neral of our Ute UROTHEK H. LIPMAN.
_SAMUEL_POLACK. Ke<-ordlng Secretko*.
ANNUAL Meeting-Regular annual meeting of
ti.e stockholders of the Paa.uhau Sugar I'lan-
tatlon Company will be held at the office
of tUe comiany. :^7 Market St.. In the city
and cour.ty of Han Francisco, on SATUR-
DAY, the Id day of December, !»?*. at the
hour of H o'clock a. m., for the purpoM! of
«l«ilng a board of directors to serre lor the
«n»ulng yesr and the transaction of such
'<itht-r business >.> may come before the meet-
Ing. innrUr broks mill close on Wednes-
day, November a. TEW, •• 3 o'clock p m
E. 1L SHELDON. Secretary.
The above ndvertlred meeting of the Paau-
hau Sugar Plantation Company is postponed
until THURSDAY. I>ecem»*r n. ll>» at 11
o'clock a. m. E. H. SHEI-DON. Secretary.
JiRICKLAYERK* International Union of Call-
fcrnla No. 1 meets nm and third -■■■'"***
each month at Ml* Mission st.
ATTOn.MCY.S AT LAW. ~^
AI»V'XCn free; It W. KING, sixth floor. Chron-
JcJe building; no advance chaiges; all cases-
• iiad?, mcrtsaffes. damages, collections.
' Jiankniptcy: will*, etc.. drawn; moderate fees'
call or write.
ADVICE fre#; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. \\».
MOWr. atty at law. KM Market, cor. Ptocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. hV. Market St.. opp. Mkson;
cnr.rultatlon free; moderate '»••
F 11. IIKRZBACH. atti st law. has r«-
asnned practice at CC3 OaL st . Clun'.e bigg.
L P CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. M 7
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
AIiVICK fre*: n-< charge unless successful. W.
W. I>AVIDPON. or Market St.. opp. Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In Amerlca-The Weekly
Call. It pages, »*' nt to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
postage paid. '- , „ ,
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGY— Why remain in doubt? Isc irlTea
truthful outline; coming year. PROF. WEL.-
DON. bo* tv, Allegheny. Pa.
DICYCLB REPAIRING.
THOS. H. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
nr.rAiitiN«; A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. 13— United "stateT'Hotel; rooms f1 M
week up. with board li W: *ulte for two with
board. 112; board. M weeJi. weals. 2w:; ele-
valor rune all night.
EDDY 724— Nicely furnished rooms with board:
home cooking; gentleman preferred; private
family.
GOLDEN GATE aye. 214— Front sunny rooms;
two gentlemen with board; private family;
reasonable.
GOOD home for gentleman: terms reasonable.
Addres* box 14U. Call offloe.
NEW fvmily hotel: first-class in all appoint-
ments: excellent tablr. K7 California St.. oe-
eujiylrg corner opp<*lt» Grace Church.
"BELORAVIA HOTEL." l'olk and Oay-Sun-
iiy suites: t>est board; for 2. Ml up; fin««. 120.
! LAS PALMAB. UrO Market— Suite of 2 or 3
nr». : private; bath; »ln. rms.: board optional.
IXSNGWORTH. fS2 Geary— l«arn« suites, bath.
for I or 4 gentlemen; excellent table board.
O'FARRKLL. 741— I_rr» sunny front rooms;
good home cooklnic: also finale roorni ; 123 up.
1100.000 TO loan Mi diamonds, wat '■hen silver. nei>-
fkin*. pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. I.'. Grant ay.
A WEEK'S news for I cento— Th» Weekly Call.
H page*. In wrapper, for mailing, 31 per year.
BOARDING FOR CIIILDRRN.
LADT \rlll rive children good home; young
children IT. month. Bogj '.<, Krultva> P. O.
DOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
Ct*LTi:RED Taritilan lady will exchanee lei-
»i>r.» for room or .lay boai Bnx I4_. Call.
ROOKS NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL HOOKIJ boucht and"" exchanged
Holme« P.vk «^o.. "< Mission «t.. near Thlr<l.
■^ ■
HOOTS AM) SHOES.
CHILDREN'S lac« shces. 75c, FSc. II; school
shoes, 75c: ladles' chocs. II; boys' shoes, 95c;
men's shoes. II 25; men's embroidered slip-
pers. Oc. People's 6ho« Store, 1303 Stockton.
BOOTS and shoos made to order from lst-claas
material. IS to IS; repairing cheap. 11. SVL-
KINFN. 441 Hiuh rt.. formerly with McNulty.
RL'SINESS CHANCES.
SALOON; bargain for man and wife; cheap
rent. COWING i. CO.. iSS Market st.
ATTENTION .—Parties going to Alaska can
make fortune by seeing COWING. IK Market.
• taken at once;
• ■ ket st.
AI.KA <"<"> will ■ -r sell your
businnis or pcqguity qnick. SjS Market st.
W»— PARTNER by lady in rest.iuran- - I
ftxtu- . . . AI.KA CO., US Mikl
»-i B
MEALI a. CO., tU Market at.
I |
fine h a living rooma
" r lOJ ■.. Market »U
DO you want to know how $100 earned In a
year $747? Then drip us a poMal and we will
s»nd you our l^.llars and Sense booklet, ex-
plaining in detail the only feasible plan of
making a large and sure income by a small
Investment: dividends paid every two weekn;
principal and aocrurd earnings can be with-
drawn «n demund; safe as Government bonds:
4 yearr' unbroken success; hlchest bank, com-
mercial and customers' refs. The Combination
Investment Co. (Inc.). Illalto bldg., Chicago.
EASTERN broker, temporarily here, wishes to
rr,eet conservative Invehtors who can use some
jH<Hltive information Hoarding stocks to mu-
tual advamuce. I*. O. box 22i6, San Fran-
cisco.
ACTIVE man to take rvtirlni: partner's place:
•mall capital; office business; no night cr ,
Sunday wurk; experience unnecessary. SJi
Market n.. room A.
$200— RESTAURANT: CO chairs; must be sold
at once; cheap rvnt: 4 living rooms connect-
ed: no apeiits. Apply at 412 Kearny Ft.; cigar
Ft one.
EHARES for sale In mercantile business that
pays large dividends; books open for Inspec-
tion. Address box 141S, Call office.
FOR Falf — A paying butter and ckk business;
chenp rent: bargain; clears $73; must sell. Ad-
dress box 1447, Call office.
OLD established shoemaktng shop In country:
pood place for buslnevx. Inquire 649 Devlsa-
dero et.
MARKET-ST. taloon with ladles' cafe: bar-
galn: cheap rent: must sell. Boa 143 i. Call.
HAVE ord»rs for board and lodging to -• II at
liberal discount. Address box 1416, Call.
$23.000 — FINE business property; good Income!
flats and stores. Uox 1236, Call office.
WANTED— A good restaurant outfit. Apply be-
tween i and 6. 227 San Carlos aye,
VERT -i all-store trade bakery: old stand; <
rare chance; cheap. Box 1451. Call.
FOR sale— Concert hall. Apply at the Oberon
SS O'Farrell It . after 2 p. m.
FOR sale — uood fruit stand: 3 living rooms;
cheap. Apply 120 Eighth at.
JO-ROOM furnished house cheap; good location
for physician. 303 Eddy st.
SALOON doing good business; bargain If taken
at once. 431 Bush at.
NEWSPAPER routen for »a,le In country town.
Address box 1253. Call office.
UPHOLSTERER, good business In upholster-
Ing and carpet work, will sell for $100. Ad-
dress C. A PRESTON, llaywards. Alameda
County.
WANTED— Partner with »2f. - to do office work;
take >■> Interert in mining engineer's office;
located In Mexico; best of references required
mid given. Box 1241. Call office.
! AYIN-i erocery and b«r in VTestern
un. rent PO. WIiH.MAN. LUTQEN &
CO.. : : ■
WANTED— To buy a restaurant in a good lo-
cation, or a coffee house. Box 14?!«. Call.
BAU ■ ■ - •: m n . Be ,r Market.
: ■
$110— FRUIT and vegetable store. 135 Oak st.:
a bargain.
RESTAURANT— Good place for man and wife;
dally receipts $11 to lit 215 Mason St.
OLD established saloon, well stocked. « •■-.; fix-
tures alon«- worth money asked; owner sick.
12:7 Market st.
SHOP for painter, plumber, carpenter; rent
and more in work. WM. HENDIUCKSON
I CO.. tl4. Call building.
GOOD planing mill and lumber yard In this
city for sale. Box 14»0. Ca!l office.
CAPE NOME. Alaska— Cheap rates on early
boat to Cape Nome. FRISCO-NOME T. & T.
CO.. room 6. second floor, Mills building.
CIGAR store and fixtures with Call agency for
•ale; reasonable; grocd location; rent cheap.
Box 1174. Ulna*. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar for rale; no
agent North corner Fulton and Franklin sts.
COFFER and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CAS WELL * CO.B. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ettablished at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky »•• > -•. till »p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lON Va-
lencla st
CARRIAGES AXD WAGON'S.
FINE top buggy, almct-t new; buslnesa buggy,
new. business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rocks way. tZ& Harrison at.
TOP buggy, with pole or shaft. 130; business
wagon. R5; rare chance. 1-31 Eddy «-t.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN * SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons, carts,
■» »> surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st. :
CARPET BKAII\(. AM) CLKAMXC.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to BPAULDINO'B Pioneer Carpel-
beating Works. j:S-2J7 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
hANITARY Cleaning Co. for health and square
dealing. 342 McAllister st.; tel. South 14«.
'<■ i Steam Carpet-beating Works. (i H.
BTEVENS. mgr.. 31-40 fth st.; tel. South 2SO.
J.MoQUEEN I California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
413 Stevenson St.: tel South til; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 40! Butter St.:
"1 Main »4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c
KTRATTON'S. I Eighth ft. : tel. Jessie >44.
J. K. MITCHELL Carpet Clean. Co.. li» 14th
« : cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN* 8 Carpet-beatlnt; Works. 333 Golden
''"' »ye : t«l f;a«t l»e
CmiDW COMPOL'XDS.
'J 1 * cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak BAMUEL SETMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 11 Spear st.
THE SA2* FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1899.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CL.ARK.
the well-known trance- medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
•he reveals every hlddsn mystery: she will
•how you how to overcome your enemies; re-
move family troubles; restore lost affection*;
unite the separated; recovers lost or rtolen
property: locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with cpeelal terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK.
SOS Turk ft., near Jones. Home Sun. and eves.
MME. LEREDA of 5 Seventh pt. la the orlirl-
n»_l Rypfy life reader; has be<-n here for 7
years, and Is the niort reliable of all: v. hat
»he sees for you she tells, good or bad; you
will hear the truth: «he convinces you of her
power In one minute; honest and reliable;
beware of others assuming the »am« name;
don't forget the address. 5 Seventh st.
MME. LKBCB, the only true destiny reader,
brings separated lovers together. brings hap-
piness to married couples, gives advice con-
cerning business matters, locates stolen prop-
erty; ladles Be. gentlemen SOc. 310 Turk st.
ARRlVED— Clairvoyant, medium and palmist;
answers nil you serlc to know without ques-
tions; test reading this w«rek; 25c and 60c.
Cll Turk ft.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY. 1104 Market St.. trance.
te»t medium: life reader and medical clair-
voyant; treats all diseases; sittings »l.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune tfli'r; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. S Hwyen «t.. room 7. second floor
MME. LENEMAR— Fortune by planets; pre-
dicted 1874 rescue pai>senf;ers and gold. At 22'<
Mason st., corner O'Farrell.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mlsulon.
ARNOLD. Dlclison and Bird— Testa to-night,
10c; t**ts never foil. 14S Sixth st., room 1.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent iilatewrlter.
330 Bit, St.: circle Sun. and Wed. evenings.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and water
reader; German spoken. 921 1 * Mission st.
MRS. DREBOOU card reader, palmist. Room
1. IPS Sixth st.
CONSULT the best clairvoyant; fee 25c. 349%
Minna at.
MRS. PL' PREE, card reading: questions an-
swered by mall; advice riven. IS 7th, room 9.
MME 7.EREDA. of r. Seventh St.. Is tba ori-
ginal gypny life reader; readings 25c.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry. Me; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. 6HAFFKR. olr.irvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. ttWj Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
TOUR future told by cards, J6c. 102 Vi Sixth st.,
10 a. m. to S p. m.
HUE SYBILLE— CradIe to grave; future hus-
hand's i').-fir> :'■■■: ladles. "14 O'Farrell H
COLLECTION' OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency: bo charge un-
less successful. Room 810. 9 J J7 Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CHURCH. 379, between loth and 16th— Cottace
of 3 rooms: furnished to let; rent cheap.
COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath at 8103 Clay,
between Baker and Lyon; lately renovated.
•- COTTAGE Of 3 rooms; yard and basement.
636 Ivy aye.
$S— NEAT cottnaje; 4 rooms; yard; 1785 Turk
street, near Scott.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage; 4 rooms; water
free; 107 Collins street, n-ar Geary.
nF.XTI«T§.
A— PR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 927
Market st.. over Cafe i.inkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
j piled to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work nt reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings frotn $1 up; other fillings from 60c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
tilled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
frvni $4 it) up: flesh colored plate* from J3 50
up, teeth without platen a »p«-ciait> , open
evenings und Sundays.
A NEW anaesthetic for patnless dentl*tr>' —
Synul. on application to the gums, removes
th»  in; ►»» our flesh colored plates; thinner
nnd stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
OUt a plate; f.lHngs, 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set. >.".. all work painless and warranted.
Chi ago Dental Parlors. •• sixth st.
AT! 1 ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. Ml Mar-
ket i<t.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlesalj teeth
v.'h»ut plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 DO up; platen, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
llce hours. * a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to I
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts an.; fills teeth painlessly by hl» wond*r-
lul secret method; crowns, $2: brldgee, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received S first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM— Palnlena extraction by electric-
ity; ruaramee 10 years: lowest prices; 10 op-
rrHtors; no students. M 7 Market .-i
DR. LI'DLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
- ait>'; Mil work reasonable; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 2:55 Kearny. cor. Rush;
full set of teeth. 14; crowns. $3; fillings. 2'ic.
SET r.f teeth without plate. :R. H~ ol
j TOUT U4l Polk st.
OHIO Dental Parlors. Inc.; 8 graduate opera-
U>ra;opfn evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
i< p \v: prices in a, f.: work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. ?67 Mission, cor. Cth.
pnESSMAKBnS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSMAKER, excellent tailor .-.nd fancy
wt*r, wlsheu engagements la families. 30$
Fulton st.
S. F. Dressmaking. Ladies' Tailoring Parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a prac-
tlcal course; pat, cut; positions free. 103 Post.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 357 Geary: dreime,
rr.ade. $' up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kind* pleat-
! Ing. plnklnr. 121 P. v*r O'Connor * Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
HKALD'S Business College.' 24 Po« ft. B I"
practical CCOiaea In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages, telegraphy. En»l!*h
branches, civil, electrical and raining engi-
neering, etc.; new 30-page catalogue free
ALL official reporters of this city advise stu-
dents to go to Gallagher's Shorthand Insti-
tute. Parrott building; be wise; follow their
advice; be thorough; life scholarship $10; day
and evenlcg classes.
MISS M. >: BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
sire* more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
AVJtI.S' Uuiiineas Coll< k». n ."'.-iket st con-
du.ttd i<ers<-na!ly by Mr. an.l Mrs. Ayrea-
life scholarship J-'o. Includes all branches
AIX Ktuclcntu but two taking rull
this year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
111 BINEBB COLLEOE. 1256 Market at.
ENOINKERIKO achnol.civil.electrlcal. mining.
mech. survey, assny. nr. hi ; day and even
et»t. lk<4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market!
LAI»Y. Furopean advantages, offers special In-
ducements to aspirants with good voice*. Box
■•all.
ACTING and vaudeville people put on stage.
»tt. LyiTum Theater, 310 O'Farrell st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Boat*
l.e•^ t'ollege. 30f> Lsrkln St.. opp. City Hull.
DANCING, ballroom or stage, quickly taught'
prlv.orclass. Barker's Academy. ?l7 Mission st.
PRIVATE lessons by expert bookkeeper; moat
Practical method. UM Bush St.
LAW »rh'.>ls. >2T Market. S F . and MS Broad-
way, Oakland: duy and night: correspondrri'o.
START right and the end Is In light. PROP.
XI. violin, mand.. guitar. 1008 Mission.
BOOKKEEPlNG.nrlthmetlc. grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mlsslon.nr.6th.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
JUST out— New reerlet<ii Gasoline Lamp: easi-
est lighted; most satisfactory; knocks all
competition; agents coining money. Peerless
Lamp in.. ;)K Railway K\. bldg.. St. L.mi
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlc«— Japanese. i hi-
n»»». IM Powell, near butter: tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. US Clay it.; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information bureau; Japanese and
< % hln«f>e heir. 421 Poet; phone Main 1988.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
best help. 414'» O'Karrell st.; tel. Eaet 4!«.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency; all kinds
help. OEO. OAK I. 30 Geary st. : tel. Grant 36.
EMPLOYMENT — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Scandinavian cook desires a
altuation: best of reference. J. F. CROSETT
it CO.. 31C Sutter St.
GERMAN woman would like to do hcuse clean.
Ing; 11 and fare. 711 Howard st., room 7.
RELIABLE girl wishes a position at general
housework; good city references. Please call
IM Silver st.
DRESSMAKING and plain sewing at reason-
able prices. ;."24 California St., near Stelner.
RELIABLE woman wishes to go out to work
by the day or nurse. Address 115 Alabama
st., between Twentieth and Twenty-flrst.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes care of Invalid;
city or country. 1007 Church st.
YOUNG German girl wishes to get a good po-
sition in a nice family an chambermaid. Ap-
ply A. H., Monday morning, 10 to 12. at 929
I'lne st.
GERMAN nurse wishes some more engage-
ments by ladles In confinement; sick la.ti s
and children: no objection to the country.
MRS. WOLTER, 132 Sixth st.
PLAIN nun**- in sickness, with good references
and reasonable wages. Call or address &89A
Natoma et. ; -•>. ■
AN experienced dressmaker desires work by
the day in families; old dresses made over ex-
quisitely; ball dresses a specialty; exquisite
tits. J. J.. 1451. Call oftlce.
GOOD dressmaker wishes to go out by the day;
terms IS per day. Call or write, 1424 Market
St., room 7.
STRONG German girl wishes any kind of work
by the day. Call 223 Ivy aye.
YOUNG lady wishes position as companion to
old l&dy or take care of children. Call 430
Tehama st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman: first-
class cook; elegant breadmaker; neat, thor-
ough housekeeper; wares no object In a re-
fined family. Call 770 Harrison tit.
LADY wlishes plain sewing and mending to do
at home. 150 Fourth st . room 7.
WOMAN wishes a position to d.> washing or
cleaning by the day or housework; city or
country- Apply 156 Natoma st.
RESPECTABLE German woman from East
would like situation as housekeeper for a«e'i
couple or lady or gentleman; care for lodg-
ir.K-huU^e. 17 Verona place.
GOOD pianist, quick reader, wishes evening
work; reasonable. Box 1431, Call office.
LADY wishes position: chamber work and sew-
ing; or will plvc three days' work for room
and board In rint-class family. Box 1238, Call.
DRESSMAKING, ladles' tailoring, repairing;
silk waists, |2 up, in families or at home. 661
Geary st.
DRESSMAKER that makes a specialty of chll-
dren'B clothes Will go out at II 25 per day or
take work home; references given. Call or
addre»s U-", Ellis st.
FIRST-CLASS waitress wishes situation In
hotel or boarding house. Box 1227, Call office.
AMERICAN middle-aged woman, first-class
cook and thorough housekeeper, wishes work
at once; city or country. Box 1444, Call office.
DRESSMAKER from New York will make any
style trimmed suit for $4: high-grade work
ana perfect tit. 220 Eddy st.
CONTRALTO wants lady or gent for singing
and acting In vuudevllle. 913 Howard St.
THOROUGHLY competent woman wants posi-
tion as working hou«ekeep<-r; no Incumbrance;
capable and faithful worker. Box 1253. Call.
BITUATION wanted by competent housework
girl; wuges J2O to $2J. Call Ml Howard st.
PIRBT-CLASB waitress, arm or tray, wants
Work; city or country. Box 1449. Call.
<J<»il> waitress, arm or tray, wants dinner
w.rk. »;. Natoma st.
A MAKHIKO wjman wants to do first-class
ilrrs-.:naklng: $1 50 per day; good work guar-
anteed. Pleaoi- call S?:'. Market St.. room IS.
GERMAN woman wants plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mi—lon st., room 1.
tIOO.OOO TO loan on diamonds, watches.sllver, seal-
skins, piano*, run*. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
SPANISH lady de*lre situation at do any
kind of housework: wares JIJ to $20 a month.
Please call 1519 Taylor st.
RESPSCTABLI American woman, no lncum-
brance. desires position a* housekeeper, com-
panion or any position of trust; capable, dill-
Kent and faithful worker; city or country.
Address J. A. S.. box 1483. Call office.
STYLISH dresses made for $4; also children*
dresses; reasonable; all work guaranteed; will
go out at 11 21 a day. Call or address 539
Fourth i>t.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third *t.. near Mar-
ket; M room; Ke to {I SO right; 31 50 to $c
week; convenient and respectable,; free bus
and baggage to and from terry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 KUlmore st.
A BRANCH <■" •• for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Us. open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions ha* been established at 10V6 Va-
lencia st.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. open until 9 p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, Kent to any address In the
Vnlted States or Canada one. year for (I.
P^stHgo paid.
E >IPLO VM ENT WA.NTEI) MALE.
WANTED— Position by ij<t-claj>s drugglsTg-rad*-
uate; In or out of city; best references. Box
1424, Call office.
MIDDLE-AOED man. handy with horses and
tools, willing to make himself useful, want*
Hi.'ht work; good home more of an object than
wages. Address 11. \\\. 238 Hitch st.
YOUNG man wants p. .sltlon a* bookkeeper, hill
clerk or stenoKrapher; can furnish first-class
references. Box 1428. Call offlce.
ATTENDANT t«. Invalid gentleman or a* nur*e
by experienced nurse and ma-Hfeur: high. -*t
lui-dn'ul reference*; willing to travel; low
P.ox 14K.. Call offlce.
CAREFUL and reliable married man Wishes,
emplovmeat In wholesale or retail store. Box
1413. Call offlre.
BAKKIt <-n bread and cakes wishes position.
1001 Harrison st.
ItIiI.IAHI.K t^rn man with several
California exp.-rlence us private family
nan; under>tan<'.i> cure of horses, cows, nur-
Ai-n and fo« Is. aiMO un-hanl and neneral farm
v.rk; wur.ts M* n ,iy |>oitltlon with reHp->nsll>l^
pnrty, » here honesty and Induatry will he
appre.tat-d; good rvf.». Ad. H. P., 417 Powell.
PAPERHANGER, fainter. et<-., with tools,
wants work l>y diiy <>r <-ontract; be»t refer-
ences. PAINTHR, 12"2 Eddy street.
COACHMAN, competent man. thoroughly un-
derstundw his LuslnesH In all branched, de-
B p. rrnunent situation. As to qualtflca-
tlon.s. Al references, etc., address C. S., 1022
n st.
YOUNG <i<-rman American with best reference
wishes any kind of Indoor work raoafM o»-k-
lng; willing to work for small wages, box
1442. Cull office.
A STUDENT from an Eastern university would
like to ■■.. U '-h high school pupils. Ifc.x 144.;.
Call office.
RELIABLE young man well acquainted with
the, city wishes employment of any kind;
limidv with tOOll and good driver. CaU or
GEORGE, 110 PacMc «t.
ELDERLY nn.n, strictly temperate, wants
work do'.nr eaorta; handy at gardening; will
make himself generally useful; small wa;e».
Box 1448. Call offic*.
GARDENER, practical In all Its branches.
t"'"\ rel. rftici*. wishes a l»osltlon with pri-
vate family. Address J. W.. Hi 29 Willow St.,
Oakland.
ELDERLY man wants position as bookkeeper
or onslhtant in office work; long experience;
references and security given; salary ex-
I>ect.-d $40 i*r mo. Box 82. Call. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a young man of IS;
strong and willing; would like place where he
can learn a trade. Address D. O. D.. MS Ste-
vens st. *:?-.•■■
JlOO.OOO TO an on diamonds, watches.Mlver. seal-
skins, pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
PRACTICAL orchardist. vlneyardlst and gen-
eral farmer who has had a number of years'
experience as superintendent of large ranches,
packing houses and fruit dryers, desires posi-
tion; understand* all the details necessary to
the business and can give satisfactory refer-
ences. Box 1401. Call.
ITALIAN or French cook, employed for many
years in Florence, Rome and New York.
wants position In private family or boarding
h.>u*o; best reference. CAVALLINI. CUB
Montgomery aye.
SOBER, reliable young man. who understands
care of hors-8 and fine harness and handy
with tools, wishes work of any kind; first-
class references. Box 1401. Call.
COMPETENT man wishes situation on subur-
ban place; can care for horses, cows, orchard,
garden and has experience In raising poultry
by Incubator. Address box 140». Call office.
SITUATION as collector, watchman or Janitor
by a careful, sober man. with reference. Ad-
dress box 1475. Call office.
WANTED— A situation as coachman: A No. 1
horseman: city references; strictly temperate.
Address box 1411. Call office. Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a man as gardener,
hostler or to do general work around place;
city or country; reference. Box 1352. Call.
WANTED— By a a man who thoroughly under-
stands the care of and bottling of wtnes. Box
1245. Call.
POSITION tn wholesale house to learn busi-
ness, salary no object; references. Box 1300.
Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
r». Mvrd at Call branch office. Flllmore st.
A BRANCH oflV-e for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
to, ky Vs «.,.,„ t |H ip. m.
A BRANCH offW for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscription* has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.: open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
sutxicrtr.ttona has been established at lfc>« Va-
lencia bt.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
— —
NEW METHODS
OF A
GERMAN EXPERT OPTICIAN.
For a long: time spectacle* had only one use.
They were worn to assist the old in reading
and in performing near work. To-day Near
HUht. Far Sight. Crosseye. Sore Eyes, In-
flamed Eyes. Red Lids. Dizziness. Painful
Dazzling. Neuralgia. Ostigmatlsm. Headache
and other eye troubles can at once be over-
come with
MAYERLE'S EYEGLASSES.
Mull orders for Mayerle's -i 3 »tm can b« ac-
curately filled If the following questions are
correctly answered: How old? Ever wear
glasses? How long? Is there a dimness
or vision on removing your glasses? Eyes sen-
sitive to strong light? Telephone Mint 257.
GEOROE « L German expert optician.
10.14 Market St.. San Francisco; examination
free; telep.io..c Mint 257.
EXCIIAXGE.
GOO S l^'^ tlnc Oakland Property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. IKK) Broadway. Oakland.
FLATS TO LET.
FLAT of 3 rooms; yard and basement. 1431
Jessie St.. bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth
small family.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed list
mi get from BALDWIN & HOWELL. 1)
Montgomery st.
MCALLISTER, 1129— Upper flat. 7 rooms, with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
NEARLY new sunny flats. 3 to 5 rooms; bath.
158 Fourteenth st., near Howard, 1 to 4.
NEW fiat: 4 large rooms and laundry; rent
cheap. Apply to 348 Llb-rty st.
NICELY furnished corner flat; 4 rooms and
cellar: rent J!v 41 Hermann st . nr. Market.
PINE ft., centrally located, bay-window flat
6 rooms and bath, rent $27 50; Austin St..
few «unny flats. 3 and 4 rooms, rent $10.
HOOXEIt & LENT. 14 Post st.
d SHOTWELL •: . nr Fourteenth— Upper flat
6 rooms and bath; rent $19.
SUNNY upper flat. 6 rooms, bath. 6 closets-
grand view; $30; adults. 1111 Jones, nr. Cat
BUNNY flat of 4 rooms and bath. 414 Hyd*
street.
BUNNT bar-Window flat*. 7 rooms and 2 kitch-
ens each; first und second floors. 4174 Thlnl.
BUNNT flats. 3 and 4 room* and baths. Inquire
at MM Howard st.. near Twelfth.
BUNNT upper flat: « rooms, !>ath. ston- room.
1219H Guerrero St., near Twenty-fourth.
TURK, HOC I>pwer flat. 4 rooms, bath; yard-
basement; rent t!3: no children.
TITtK. .'■^'—Corner flat. 4 rooms, bath; yard-
rKiv^mrnt; rent tl3; no children.
UPPER flat, six Runny rooms ami bath- fine
marine vl^w. 7::3 (he H tnut st., near Taylor.
tIOO.KO TO loan on diamonds, watchr
skin*, plan-*, run;". Tncle Harris. 15 Orant ay.
}:•,-•• 8-ROOM flat; 1006~ Minna st.. off Klev-
erith; hot and cold water
HI KEW upper flat; S rooms and bath. 1602
Turk st.. comer Pierce.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
united States or Canada one year for $1.
t' 'l.'if> iiii!^
FLATS TO FUIt.MSIIED.
BEAUTIFUL sunny upper flat, furnished. 6
rooms. t.ath: cheap. 2.'I4VJ Sutter; call 11 to 2.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— A nice flat or house, nicely fur-
nl«hed. not less than 3 bedrooms, with par-
lor*; must be Inside of Octavla and Mason.
Golden <late.«.ml Putter. Address by letter
to S.. box 1412. Call.
ii umnu fob SALE.
NOW reduced to 1750; must ro this week; fam-
ily called East desires to sell newly furnished
7-room flat; wry desirable as to location,
building, neighborhood and quality of furni-
ture. 592 McAllister et.; afternoon or even-
ing. _^__^__
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes t2 90-
heavy matting. in.- per yard; sexCTlneh rugs.
»1. Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310-1312 Stockton
st.. near Broadway; open evening.
THE furniture of a 7-rrw>m flat, complete, for
sale cheap; apply In forenoon. 747 Capp St.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for »4* 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents. The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for mailing. 51 per year.
it r.mti WANTED.
W. E. .CODY <!;•!. with .1 T. Terry & Co ) boys
furniture, carpet*. 767 Mission; tst, Red 3365.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your id-hand furniture.
WANTED— ISOOO carpets, furniture, etc; highest
price paid: po«tal. M. . g i!ve r -.rein. 1121 Market.
FritRIEItS. Flits, ETC.
ELECTRIC seal capes. Aitraknn yoke*. $10 to
$20. ROUT. WALLACE. Ii:, Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
MAGNETIC healers— Make big money; famous
Weltmor Method; by mall $10: Journal free.
Add. THE STATE SCHOOL. Carrollton. M .
ANY DM "Ht Of work, or working for low sal-
ary, wanting paying and agreeable occupa-
tl. n. a<idrexs •.•.",.', Jefferson st , Oakland.
Hi:L I* WA>T■ D— r ■ MALE.
C. R. HANSKN & '•<-.... 1M GFARY~St!
Waitress. Nevada. $25 and free fare; 3 wait-
resses, north, $:U: L'l wait reuses, south. $20
and fare; 3 waitresses, hotel*, city, $20; 2
lun.-h waitresses, $3 ,'.O. no Sunday work; 2
chambermaids to wait. $20. city and country;
p^liflicr and In ner. short distance In coun-
try. $30; girl for sewlnr. $3 0" j.er week; 10
restaurant waitresses $6 to $r, week
FAMILY ORDERS
A reliable woman with references for general
housework, city. $2.'. Swedish or German pre-
ferred; 5 cooks. $30. $r.. $L'o: houseglrls for
c-tty and country. $20 to $25. ranch cook. $30.
C. n. HANSKN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED Cook for farm. $30; German cook.
$35: laundress, country. $2. r .: young nurse. $;r :
r mnld and waitress. $23; hotel waitress.
$2<i; rentKurani waitress, $:. a week; a lair 1 *
number <»f girls for hounew., r k in city ami
country too numerous to advertise; wages J'j.i
to IN. Apply to J. F. CROSKTT & CO.. 31*
Sutter st.
>"i ■■ >X arvl lioi^'keeper for 4 men on ranch $20-
rmncb cook, $:•:.. mikkay & READY •;:;
and fi.l6 nty st.
WANTED— Younc lady to learn photography:
must l>e good penman. Stanford Studio, Til
Market St.
WANTED— Young German girl for housework
and take care of 2 children. 11. TIETJEN.
1120 A Turk st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; wage*
J MM.v WN California st.
WILLING girl for general housework; family
of 2; $10; country. Box 1420. Call office.
WANTED— Woman to do housework, washing
and mending or.cc a week; $1 a day. Address
box 1417. Call office.
GIRL for general housework In country. Ap-
ply IS2I Sutter st.. Monday.
BRIGHT young lady to assist In giving out
and looking over work In factory, previous
experience not necessary.: Monday, 1 to 4
p. m. 1516 Broadway, near Van Ness ay©.
YOUNG lady to learn retouching; Instructions
6 weeks. $10. Box 14?7. Call office.
WANTED— Four first-class salesladies for fur-
nlahlng goods dept. RAPHAEL'S. 9 Kearny.
GOOD finishers on custom coats wanted at 304
T'hama st.
TWO good experienced vent makers. 1303 EMU
street.
WANTED— GirI assist with light housework
and baby. 120 Olive aye.. near Polk st.
ILLUSTRATOR-Successful newspaper artist
would take a few pupils In Illustrating; work
placed when competent. Box 1448. Call office.
WILLING girl for small rooming house; good
home. 402 Jones st.
WANTED— Several hustlers at once; steady
work; good pay. 4724 Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
GIRL, wanted for general housework and cook-
lng. 636 Baker St.. near McAllister.
NEAT young girl; housework and cooking; »15.
212* Howard st.
BRIGHT young woman of good experience:
rmißt be rapid and good penman; office work.
Box 1235. Call office.
WANTED— Neat young lady to run candy
stand. Apply between 12 and 1 at the Steeple-
chase. Eighth and Market »li.
TWO first-class trimmers wanted: SIS and V,
week; steady position. DIN AX. 24 Kearn>.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School, after I years
of unparalleled success, offers the same in-
ducement to its patrons; the leading dress-
cutting system of the world: easy to learn
rapid to use; thorough, practical and artistic
MUr,mv?-VM U r,mv?-VT Cn C l lo order: Potion" free.
McDOWELL, 103 Post st.
$l«>.000 TO loan on diamonds, watches silver seaj-
Bkln». pianos, guns. Uncle Harris. 15 Grunt ar.
1 (16) to learn trade. Apply 2304
," V.';
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
ONE boy and one girl from every class In every
public and private school In the city can earn
Christmas money without stopping school
studies. Apply room 417. Farrott building.
Saturday or Hunday. 8 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady of pre-
possessing appearance In an art store; refer- I
ences required. Call 214 Post St.. from 10 to
12 a. m.
WANTED— A German girl for cook In lunch
house and general housework. Apply 230 Pa-
cific st., corner Battery.
YOUNG girl for general housework. 1722 Bry-
ant st.
WANTED— Working hskpr. for Mexico, without
Incumbrances; {50 a month. Box 1250. Call.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— good coat finishers and 2 but-
tonhole makers and apprentices. Apply 133
Natoma st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdressers wanted; also ap-
prentices, at COSOROVE'S. 1416 Polk sL
WANTED-Clrl for light housework: no chil-
dren; evenings find Sunday afternoons free-
must rleep at home. Apply at DM Taylor St.,
9 to 11 a. m.
LADIES' cloaks, suits. 11 per week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. 130$ Stockton, nr. Broadway.
CLASSIFED advertisements and subcrlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
a BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st. ; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky tts. Open till 9 p. m.
A INCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at I 56 Va-
lencia*^
EIBLP WASTED — MALE.
MURRAY & READY p'hONI MAIN CB4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
14 farmhands and 2 choremen..l26. *J > and fd
6 primers, vineyards and orchards I
25 two and four home teamsters, steady, good
Job 11 and 12 a day
£5 woodchoppers J. SO, 12 and 11 cord
2 stablemen. U0 2 thoreboys
• CARPENTERS AND DRILLERS
6 carpenters, 8 hours. 2 months' Job 13 day
9 drillers, city, steady Job 150
Turner, bandaawyer |3 day
MURRAY & READY.
€34 and 63C 'lay st.
HEAD waiter $-
9 eooka, different Jotw..|M, jr.. $3". $r. an.l fd
i'l .r. ■■ player f\
MI'URAV A READY. CT4 and «M I'll
C. It. HANSKN * CO.. 104 GEARY ST
Teamsters and H.'n»rna.~ns for the Coast
Road, free fare, nhin Monday an.l 1
10 farmers, different ranch*
single-hand miner*. JI H h day
Head waiter, hotel; lunch counter m-
Walter, C'.untry liotel. $;:, fry i -It I
• • iti Institution, country. $40, ir.ner and
■t, country laundry. SB; mlddU
door man. In-tltutton. SV> and found
HANSKN A C<> . 104 Oar,' st.
lOUNQ man from is to ■ y^ars who Un
, vrents and <<[>eakB French or < terman and
write* a ramd i.laln hand, ar.jily to Mr C
H Hinsen in pers.jn. c. H. HANSKN & CO.,
KM G»-;irv st.
\\ ■ waat Monday 10 tiemakers. 10 boitmakera.
M wr.odc n . .ppers. KIKUD. KA ('lay st; tele-
phone Davis 821.
UARiiKl'.S' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coajit. J. J. i!
Kmi'l t.rket, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free Employ-
ment. H. Bernard. Sec.. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 151.
WANTED— American clerk for oCOce w.rit and
eliciting: buslnnns OBtabllabed l«i years: aal-
ary %? f.O per day for the right man; must l»-
acquainted In city; soliciting route already
e-stat'lNhed; must be willing to loan em
1200 for nix months; situation per:nane-
can •■» : A I-
drecs BUSINESS. b..x t;.-». call office.
WANTED Bteward o r head waiter for r.akery
and luncli place; Gamma preferr-
steady position for right mai at n w
rutmaa, Call 1114 Waahlnstc
lard: l.rir-.g references.
INT>I'STKIAL. Insurance agents who wrote
business settlements procur-d. Address 14;'
• all office.
CABINET maker and boy to learn trade. KINK
HINDL.EB -t st.
STRONG boy to drtve waaoo. Ir.iulre 133 Hyde
St., 10 to 11 a. m . Sund.iv
WANTED , .prentice for Chicago
: Pnrlor*.
SMART Industrial Insurance man; good con-
tra :; 12 to Ip. m. H. UAl.i'H. .11 Montgom-
ery st.
WA XTEU-A dishwasher. Apply at CM Oeary
Street.
LANS wanted at Prof. Foster's Dancing
I. 1361 Market st.
llQO.'iflo TO loan on diamond*, watches, sflver, seal-
skins, i-tanos. guns. Unc!» Harris. U ilrant ay.
WANTED— lntelUirent n.en and WOBMM t
for us day or e\»nlng nt their homes; no can-
vassing; neat, ■ttady en:plo\rrie- •
Incloee stamp and we will explain our differ-
ent lines of work and price we pay for each
STANDARD AKT MVO. CO., Ml West 23d
st . L>ept. i. New York (Tty. Solar prlntlnic
and finishing for agents and the trade; send
for trade circular.
WANTEI>— Ruptured men to cure free to prove
easy, safe, Bure. quick methxt L>R BPKIRB
44 Main St.. Westbrook. Maine.
GOVERNMENT positions- l>r.nt prepare for
any civil service or census examination with-
out seeing our catalogue of Information; sent
free. Columbian Correspondence College
Washington. D. C.
TA I I/">RB — First-class operator wanted for
country on ladles' tailor suits, must be rapid
acrurate, understand pressing; good wages'
Apply to STEIN. SlM".\ & CO., corner of
Second and Market sts.
ONE boy and one girl from every class In e\e r >-
public and private school In the rlty can earn
Christmas money without stopping s.-h"oi
studies. Apply room 417. Parrott building
Saturday or Sunday. I a. m. to S p. m.
BLACKSMITH for whaling cruise to South
Seas at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop; must sell Immedt-
ately on Recount of sickness. 3f>34 Broderlck
St.. near Oak.
1160— WANTED, partner In a produce business
to drive wagon. 1126 Harrison st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Den\er Hou»« 217 Third St.; ISO large
, rooms : 25c per night: II to |2 per week.
BARRERS— 3-chalr hotel barber shop In the
center of this city; reaeon. death of proprie-
tor: must be sold: rent $2i. F«. r particulars
call OB H BCHKUNERT. «P Market "t
WANTED 100 men to try o« Ifa breakfast
dinner or supper; best In city. 406 McAllister
■t.. near Tulk.
500 PAIRS men*i shoea. slight!/ damaged, half
price. SO Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d st».
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; constant practice: expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wage*
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOL.ER'B HARlirn COLLEOE. 635 i 'lay st.
WANTED— Swanren the withfr t.> MnJ bis
u.lilre«« to |«. (i. box WiK>dland. fal.
OET TOOT hlioen half-»o!e,l whil- waiting: lsc to
60c. 562 Mission St.. bet. l»t and !d sta.
FEAMKN, green hands and ordinary »-
at HERMAN'S. 2f Steuart st.
PENSIONS -J. H. 6HEPARD & CO.. attor-
nej». Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
MEN anil women to learn barber trad* at 8.
F. Barber <ollece. 741 A Howard st.
SfITS to order on installment* at cash prices,
II week N. Y. TAII/JHINi; CO.. Hi Keartiy.
20n UKOLX furnirhed rooms. l«r 18c a
per nlKht. I.lnrtel!. <th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY A-me Po— I, J.'.T Market below Sixth
for a room; tZc m. night; Jl a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near alar-
ket; 700 ro<.ms. 2^: night; reading' room: fre«
'bua and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLAmnXO advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. »» Flllmore st.
A BRANCB office for the r» I adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 folk st.; open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call adv»rtliem#its and
subscriptions has been established at the
n rthwest corner "f Twenty-second and Ken-
tu- kv g ts. : open till i p. m.
A BRANf'H office for Call advertisement* and
F\its ri|ittf>n« hax been established at 1094 Va-
lencia st.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Ktc For Sale
FOP. sale— On^ dark bay pat-In? mare (can
I>ace under 20). 5 years old, over l.*> 3 hands
hUh. weight 1075 pn unils. sired by Truman
(2:12). dam by T*e Grande, price $200; also
almost new leather-top buggy. Studebaker's
make, harnee*. et<\. price $11*. a'su cent's
double-oe-ated rrmd cart. Frailer's fiperlal.
and harness. SM; must be sold. Inquire 147
Fremont st.. rear.
THE place to get banraln?" In horses— « irmonde
St.it.le HIT Mission >-t . aDCttOW every Tues-
day. 11 n'riixk. S. AVATKiNS. JTIIWUM.
FOR sal"— One fine single set light weight
speed harness: best Moffatt leather; almost
new. Apply 1729 California st.
4-CAN milk wagon. $33: road cart. $12: light
butcher wagon, $25. 23 Oolden Gatt are.
HORSES, LIVE STOCK. Etc— For *•!•
40 HORSES for sale: also wagon, baggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
157 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
CO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1631
and 1*25 Market st . between Twelfth and
Brady; also seme fine matched black team*.
FOR sale— 5-year-old horse of 11-0 ll*.. at Bat
Mission st. " _^_^__
CHEAPEST and best In America— Th« Weekly
Call. 16 pages. sent to any address la th«
United State* or C-.nad» on* year for 11.
iwetnge raid.
IIOIISK.H AM) \<.i»s>. \srrn.
WANT- buy h..r»e and peddler's wagon.
cheap; call after 9 a. m. 426 Minna st.
HOUSES — LODGISG — roM SALE.
>< >.MlN<; ■»(■■' HE; centrally located:
cheat rent: paying S per cent per month »a
the Investment.
Money loaned on lodging houses. NATION-
AL INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market st rooms)
201-202-203.
_
14-ROOM hou.«e. Hyde »t., near Ellis; rent •*);
nicely furnished: price $450; (must sell). C.
D. DAVIS. 1104 Market M
a FAMILY can make a line living by Invest-
ing 1200 in a small lodglns-hou*« north o£
Market st. Inquire ho« U»Z. Call.
HOI'SEM TO LET.
A— PRINTED lint: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN * CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M SPECK I CO.. €67 Market st.
HOUSES. FLATS.
1341 Taylor |.*« 00 9A Sixth. 6 r tK »
32.'l Twentieth in W) IXI7 Howard. « r.. » "0
1716 Mason 20 00 643 Guerrero. « r... IS 00
BROADWAY, 1908— I rooms, bath, laundry; fin*
marine view; rent 120.
CHEAP house— lo rooms and bath: In excellent
order: only 120. €2 hunt »t . nr. Second.
HOUSE -hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN * Ho WELL.
10 Montgomery »t.
HOUSE of 9 rooms and bath: furnished. tail
unfurnished IS, Ill* Leavenworth st.
LAGUNA. 1713-1717— Two sunny modern houses
of 8 rooms and bath each: newly papered.
RENT 115— House l rooms and bath; large yar<l
and bis; basement. ZM Eureka st. . key at 334
Eureka St.. near Twenty-first.
(-ROOM house; I* painter or caroenter can
pay rent with work. 401 Greenwich St.. cor-
near Kearny.
10 ROOMS and bath; comer Pine and Frank-
lin sts.; HO.
112— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand vl*w; to i small
family only. 42a Fremont st.. near Harrison.
1100. 000 TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver. saal-
skins, pianos, guns. Unrle Harris. '■ Grant ay.
HOI BBS WAXTED.
RESPONSIBLE party wants 5 or • mom* or
Hat: furnished; near; adult*. Z2i Third st.
LOST A.M> FOOD.
LOST— On Seventh St., near AdHlne. Oakland.
a if .1.1 locket, with initials S. G. O. ; finder
will receive reward by -turning to I»J»V>
Seventh st.. Oakland.
LOST— Greyhound pup; brown and white; re-
turn to 14 Zee street: reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch; Initials L. A. L. on
' case; Thursday afternoon. Nov. 30; Hyde-st.
cur. Return to 2117 Larktn at.: reward.
LOST— Nov. 30. fur collarette, on Twelfth and
Howard Ms. to the I'ost-st cars. Reward If
returned to 2104 Twelfth st.
LOST— Black and tan dachshund pup 4 month*
old; reward. 817 Market st.
LOST— Dark blue ladles' purse, containing
money. Return to M 3 Mission st. ; reward.
■ i
FOUND — Bird dog; owner can have Mm* by
calling at Sll Natoma st. and paying expense*.
FOUND— Gray horse; owner can have same by
proving property and paying expenses. Aw
ply W.M. SAVAGE, no llryant st
.MEDICAL.
DKS. GOODWIN, well-known ladles' specialist,
formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.. 1J62 Market.
has returned from Europe with Improved
methods and advanced knowledge; cure at
office. $5: warranted. IS years' successful prac-
tice In S. F. Office. US Eddy st . near Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician: consul-
tation free; home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. j;. ■•»; Post st . between llyd*
and Larkin; hours. 19 to i, 7 to I.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic disease*, with bent possible car*.
MRS. DR. OWTER. 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkin. Office hour*— lo to 12. 2t04 as 1
7 tot.
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care, nice rarden; medicated ateami
baths for ladies DR. and MRS. WEOE.VER.
phone Pine 2751: res.. 1312 Golden Gate are
DR. POPPER, ladles' physician for 37 year*;
call on a physician with man's knowledge;
cure li; consultation free. 311 Kearny st.
DR. and MRS. DAVIErf. 1221 Market: ladles'
physician; chronic disease* treated, late sclen.
tlflc methods: cure guaranteed, treatment I-'.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladle*' physician. 1123 Mar-
ket St., bet. Mason and Taylor: guaranteed
treatment at office. J.: hoars •» a m to S p. m.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 10J5 Market st. hour*. 10
a. m. to 1 p. m. : at residence. 228 Van Ness
aye.. 5 to * p. m. guaranteed treatment. 18.
VR. WIRE, the ladles' speclallM. 1113 Market
- st.; every case guaranteed: 15 op.
DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, The world-renowned
ladles' speclallat. 13234 Market St.
DR. WONG HIM. herh doctor, treats' all die-
eases of the human body, its Mason st.
.mim;i:lla.m-:oi> — for HALE.
BOILERS, engines, :d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOBH It WOLPMAN. ISS-IS7 Fremont st.
BARS, berk bars, mirrors, showcase*, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fl~e furniture and fixture*, new and second-
hand. J. NOON AN. I'l7-I'Jl3-IW2I-1023 Mlsetua
«t.. above Sixth
AT less than cost; unca. • ' - • •» and
trousers to be sold at Charlee Lyons', tbe
London Tailor. 721 Market st.
Caution— Be sure you a* la the right store.
721 Market St.. In the History building
Charles Lyons has nothing to do with any
other store In the block, his name being In
full over the store (CHARLKS LTOM
WANTED— A reliable party to hay the State
right of a valuable r-ateni whl< h was on ex-
hibition at the V Fair and met with
unbounded sweeese; investigate. Address dox
• I all. for appointment.
-ile 1 horsepower Westlnghoiise electric
• Ige, with »i>ee,l regulator. u»e<t
little; sidendll •• low. Apply In
Ceyloa Tea Co., U4J Market st.
K'H r.i!» IVJlfr-rl Great Dane pupa. M»
Thirtieth st.
WE have for you a fine ;-stone dlamord amt
ruby ring: only 170: coat at Tlffan) ■'« I
UNCLE HARRIS. 15 C.rant aye
A WITHERHY Wot) 4 bstba r.,mplete. aai t
new; great bargain. EPSTEIN. »4S Mission.
! >m»mC »ewlng machine. « drawers;
■ riler; r.imilete 191.". Miwlon. nemr 15th.
foiil, tnble. complete; !n flrst-claas cor
Apply b. x l? 40. (all -
BARS, counters, showasea. "helving, mlrrora,
bought, told and exchanged. K43 Mission st.
KntST-'T.ASS Dxtures; suitable f,, r grocery or
shoe store; cheap. 736 Valencia st.
SAFES— New and second for banks. m»rh*nt«.
steamers. r«H'!'n.-«; portable safety boxes;
*;eole chesf». bulli >n safen, vaults, etc Th«
Waliz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market St.. 8. F.. Cal
FRESH unowball*— # 'T. Carr" and ail brand*
English flre brlrk. fire clay, brtrkdust. 9 It.
< HTJRCH, 307 Sanaome st. ; te| Main &0M
I IIi'ISTINQ engines. 3 steamers. 5 locom^tlv.,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B JARMNE. M 0 FTWMM.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
JIM: concert records. |J to. DACIOALUPI
»13 Market »t.. San Francisco.
Ni:\V and second-hand »lot machines bought
and fold W C ". n U Ke.my .7
A $SSOT>ERBT and Frj..ra fat* .
ular Price Hatters. a3O Kearny st.. nr. Pin*.
i I." BING out of JOO new and Id-hand hea'er*
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
DREPS pants, $2 75; fine suit. 110 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 813 Montgomery st.
FOR Chrljtmas presents rail on fIOREKOQL
reliable leweler. 103 Sixth St.. below Mission.
BOILERS, engines, drill pre»»»». planers. Uth«s.
_ Iron A wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies.
boilers and engines. 11. 8. White. Hi Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boiler*.
water pipe; new.M-hand Whltelaw.nt Spear
DR. CREELT'S C P. Worm Pills; by alt drug-
Klf ts. or Dog Hospital. »0 Oolden Gate are
BMIEJ8 M l E J^ N»N »* w^ nd •«»n«M«»n<t THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
BARS, counters. shelving N>ught and
Sol. l EIBEV. Ill* M ... - tel. Je»,| f im
MIS(KII,\M:(i| s WANTS.
WANTED— press and type rive A,
scrlptlon and price. Box 723. Call. Oakland.
WAJjUlufr- An • horsepower upright eo«ta^
Addr«aa box 14M. Call office. ■»«»•.MISCELI^AJSEOTJS WAVTS.
WANTE I>— Gold <ju«n« rock nt for Jewelry:
)+2 I<t ouace for gold la It. 12$ Bush St.. »d
floor, room 4.
" VVAN , TTT Tr t> ~ To hire 100 Cret-ola*. scraper teams
JrvVvi*™.*"" and pead bars. lon» Job. E. B.
- _-___■*• E' m bura*.
INDIES' aad children's cast-off dresses bought
a: 3 sold. J. Silverman. SM KoUom. -.r Cth. ;
MI\KS AXD !»I.M.\G.
v - P- ARAM, uitnlng attorney, room 40. Itb
noor. Mills building. S. F.; tel. Melr. 144.
RICH Caj* Ncme claim on branch of Russell
*>*ek: cne-half interest for $JOU; by young
man In immediate need of funds: full detail
en application: eicellTt opportunity 'or party
gn!r.jr W. F. ARAM. Mills hide ■ H. F.
MOXKY TO LOAN.
AVOID delays; try all others, then nee me; XA
to $:00.OOO; « ;>rr cent: M 3d or chattel mort-
rag*-*. e*tat** tn probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought, advice
and money furnUb**d. P. A. Dolan. 136 Markt.
ANY proposition . any amount; 6 per ooiit hrvi
second •'*»»"'. estates In probate. Interest
In e*t*trs, "•-•riirlcx. life Insurance; chattel
tnortginre*. confidential: advice free. o. E.
OLSKN. roora i«. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S F . Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rate*, without re-
moval; no <-iiMiailtwt.il ; no delays. J. NOON-
AN. ICI7 to 103 Mission at . above Sixth;
ulThone South 14.
ANY amount at « per owt. M. M and Id tnort-
i >*»!■. undivided Interest. nial estate In pro-
bate; >««♦' and legacies bought; no de-
.ay; get taj terms before doing busln«w else-
where. R. LOAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 1
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
r.berai advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
eft ratrs. Baldwin Jewelry Store. M* Market
rt-; tel. Main 1644; Branch 19 Third st.
OS real estate, Ist or 2d mortgages, and on
.urnlture or pianos; no removal; any amount.;
lowest rates. BECKER, Montgomery st.
JiOBT reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HKSTHAL. 10 SUth;
Mgbwt prices for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ANT amount by private party on furniture and
P*»— ; no removal; low rates; confidential.
HQNELU. Conservatory bldg.. 1U Powell st.
<>a furniture and pianos without removal, quick
MTvtce; mosey direct; lowest Interest. Rooms
Ctand d. Dunohoe building. U7O Market st.
AT ■ Kearny. roora I. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, d'.a-
rnonda, etc . lowest rates: take elevator.
• ~"H loaned to salaried people on note without
'.a lamer. MORRELL. «09 Examiner bldg.
"'<"> salaried men. without collateral or Indorsar.
?. F. Discount Agency. 141 Phelan bldg.
S*vw TO 'an on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cest. WINSTON ii CO.. 1026 Market st.
'..I- propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KX/DTH. X2O California st-. roora 7.
$-'■* TO SSO.QOt; lowest rstrs: Ist snd 2d mortgs.:
any propasltlcn. DHYDEN. 411 Montgomery.
«JN furniture, plaaos, without removal; no
ootcmlsstnn; prlvata. LICK. 116 McAllister -■
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 00 Market tt.
—■I WASTED.
"TVANTET*— HI.OOO 'or three or f.T» y«ars: will
;>ay 6 per cent n*«t: no ■aim; gllt-eAg» •»- ;
-Jrtty. Pox 143. ■'».•. nfflcs.
MUSICAL IN'STItCMEJVTS.
AWkXS we remind you that you should pur-
>'!>thf your medium and low-priced pianos
where they can be exch&mc»d for a Ste'.nway
within three year* and have full purchaee
r>rice allowed. We are selling new upright
plants for %6 per month, and same rood
.: < : r :s. I* and S3 per month. SHEII- '
MAN. CLAY Si CO.. Stslnway DeaJer*. cor-
' ->er Ke*rny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco;
mmci Thirteenth and Broadway, Oakland.
ABFOLI'TELY the oldest and largest house
wert of O.:c«*rt Is KOHLER &. CHASE j»,
St. 2$ and 30 O' Fan-ell et. ; plaaom. organs and I
.'A other musical Inntruments of ail rrades ,
and prices; terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
eviftomer.
KN'ABE planof : new arale; new styles. KOH-
I^CR &. CHASE. K> O-Farrell it.
.\T.I, zr.ukn for * short time only.
$4. 14. X U. H. $4 per month.
2 ' »> :: -re, 2 Stein ways, 1 Vose A 80ns and
fifty other slightly ui-t 1 high and medium
grade p'anos: sp«c.lal dli>counta for ca#h.
HEINE PIANH MPO. CO.. 13« Ellis ft.
AIAj :: .. -.-■ rrr * short time only.
M. |4. U. U. !« U per month.
T Chlrk-rlrn*. 2 Ftelnways, 1 Vofe I Sons and
fifty cthero »llghtly uned high and medium
cr»de pianos: more open evenlnrn.
HKINK PIANO UFO. CO.. IK EIII* St.
ANOTUnt carload of the Decker baby up-
rtKhm 3«irt received; they are beautie* and
have a tone that capMTates everybody. MAU-
VAIP 1 . 7CS Market ft.
rH'TvER. Pbckard and Boothe pianos itoM on
rioi»t reasonable terms at M_AUVAIS". 7SS
V.arket St.
l?OOD neonnd-hand pianos tor rale and to r»nt
at MAUVAIfI'. 7CT Market ft.
THE l<»t planof for the least money at MAU-
VAIR 1 . 7K> Markrt ft.
"■HE the new Packard Pianos anl organs at
__MArVAI«\ "t» Market ft.; they are beauties.
< I.TMPIA mu«le boxes are the latest and best;
'hey t'-ay all kinds of tuces. Arency at
MAfVAXSV 7«9 Market.
AN el<^«rart Fteinway. llatdman. Ch«s« Bros,
r.nd I«ecker: excellent .'.an*, great bargains.
Room 12. Flrod building. Fourth and Market.
RRBAT daughter sale of pianos on storage;
rlag out lot of uprights SO up: open even-
'nr» WILPON'R STORAGE. 1710 Market.
LARGE *>f»ck of Baldwin and other standard
p'.ano*; prices rejuced tt lnture prompt salea.
W^^JHAMILTON. H4 Po»t St.
WANTED— l'prlgt-.t piano for cash. H. L.
V. HITEHEAD. 1710 Market ft.
■'i^-jix bargain ln the city: first-clans upright;
■"•ry cheap, rail at 11X1 McAllister ft.
1"!NE Fiecher * Fteinway upright; ««'"r!n><"d.
KEEFFKP. IHI Yin N>*n aye.. nr. Geary st.
W. n. BADOER, 412 Sacramento ft., agent for
Francis Bacon and H*llett Sc Davis pianos.
W ANTED— 7 square pianos. BYRON MAUZT.
• > l\.»t »t.
»iO")D upright piano, nearly new; ch»ap.
HORM'NOS. 51* McAllister ft.
BARGAIN— Good upright; cheap. POHMITZ. 1C
MrAUlfter »U. next Hlbernla Bank.
• ■ "V.i"i\. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SOS
Port »t.
f-I'IERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'I.LrK. maker, repairer. ? I^atham place
PALMISTIIY.
HAVE >'ur life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
Ihnno Larkln 10M. MRS. L.
I l.l(»u> A .S.
INFORMATION wanted relative to address.
during past two yearn, of MRS. BRIDGET ■
I 'AVIS, formerly of Pennsylvania: • raunl-
rate. Address box 14S0. rail office.
GENTLEMAN of refinement and generosity,
independently wealthy, seeks wife to love atxl
cherl»h. MR. LINCOLN. S*T East Fifty-
fourth ft., rhlcago. 111.
GENTLEMAN of 21 would like the acquaint'
inf» of an honest young lady or widow (hru-
rieite>: object matrimony. Box 1445. Call.
"MV Fyrtem" wins! Beat the •"books" and
•jionies" on ar.y track every day of the year.
Mow? Booklet explanation fre«. L. C.
\V<>«ips. frt.an.l. 111.
VITALITY I'iw. det.tlitated r>r exhauMed cureU
l>r Kline's Invigorating Tunic; free II
trial hoitle. I»R. KMNKS INSTITUTE. Ml
Arcl. t-t.. Philadelphia; founded I*7l.
I.i : i.ltrit S Vulni'T.lra cave the beautiful
rl "ss to that head of hnlr you admired bo
murh; 2.V buttle. Q. LEDERER. 12S Stockton.
LEDEItF.R does the halrdrrsfing of the town-
rood work; umall price, iV; switches $1 up;
manicuring 2.V; Foam<» Miampoo fK- kace;
try it. <i. LHDERER. 12> Stockton et. '
fWV) CHRISTMAS tree*; »!zea and prices to suit
all; delivered; r.rder early. California Chrlft-
»»« Tree Co.. to* Sacramento; tel. Main 12*0.
STRICTLY prtvate home l n confinement; large
ground*. DR. FI'SKE. Hit Eighth. Alameda,
•;KAV. falling hair, scaly erupUons, worry ?
H«ni r'Jir ;> for questions, etc. DR KUFS-
TER. fi>ef|al!»t. narrow gaure de;',ot, Oak-
ii-:i-i. e«tabli»he<l reputation; 17 years here-
? 4 years' practice. (No swindle.) '
WANTED— The address of pemona afflicted
with ;::->•; any and all kind*; cure xuaran-
tred. A64rw 3. 3. MANNING, NtwUnJ
House Cigar Store. 7th M. Washington ft«
Oakland California.
DOLL wlrs made of human hair a La Verlte
parlors, 1140 Market et.; telephone Poll 416.
WANTED— Roommate who plays guitar. Box
14^. Call.
Ft'ITS to orfler on eary lnrtallments. i.
LEMO3. 1117 Market, bet. Tth and tth.
MUG. FIPHER, face fpeclallft of many years*
experience; medicated bath bags. 19 Powell.
'». AO carpets wove to order and for *ale: al»o
rhenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, tn hank or chain, at lowest
rates_GEO. MATTHEWS. 70» Fifth. Oakland.
ITRPONS fleflrlnj to •••In Nome mining
properties or lots should addreM box 147],
Call office.
rERSO.VAL.9.
HEINRICX A. TIETJE— Any one knowing his
whereabouts communicate with ERNEST H.
TIKTJK. 1205 Kearny at.
GERMAN ship carpenter would like the ac-
quaintance of German sen-ant girl: object
matrimony; no trifler*. Address Box 1247 Call.
JOHN L BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. 4 Butter it. Laws a Specialty.
Ban Franclnco. CaL American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patent* Solicited.
FREE HITTINGS FOR BUST CABINET
PHOTOS; no deposit: every Tuesday.
Wednee*iay and Thursday of this month at
V.acLELLAND.S. 46 O'Farrell st. _
I ELECTRIC lights In every room. Winchester
Hotel 44 Third ft. near Market: 100 rooms:
X.c to $1 CO per night: $1 10 to M per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
■LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tumer*; make-up and wigs: country order* to-
\ Melted. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 733 Market at.
ARTISTIC baJrdres«lng. 25c: shampooing. 25c:
■ halrdresslnc and manicuring taught. Up-to-
Date Parlors. ICTC Market St.. over Wonder.
STAMMERING corrected: booklet. J. WHITE-
HORN. AM. Ph.D.. 1315 Linden. Oakland.
A. KI^EIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth St.
ONLY store that buys old cold. Jewelry and
ca«t-off clothing. COLKMAN'S. 506 Keamy.
BEST price for cast-off clothing and bric-a-
brac n. MARKS. 20? Third St.: send postal.
PAINTING and paperhanginr; rooms papered.
$2 SO ip JENSEN * BATH. V* Sixth at.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: book* bought,
■told, exchanged. £25 Dupont St.. near Cal.
IHRSITTINE CO.. hair specialists, grow hair
cr no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
INCRUSTATION— New Invention for china dec-
orators. See 8. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansorae st.
LACHMAN * CO.. m?r*. of fine furs and seal
garment*: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
I IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
1 Ing call on B. COHEN. 157 Third St.
) RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion; g-iiarmntd Dr. Gordln, 514 Pine. ab.Krny.
I WANTED— OId rol<! for manurg O. NOLTeT
jeweler. ?4« OFmrrell bet. Powell »nd Mason
PHOTOUIIAI'niO SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stork: square deal and
prompt service: country orders our specialty:
cstalonie free. Cal. Pumera Co ?2 Gear* at.
PHYSICIANS AXD SERGBONS.
DR. TOMKINS. formerly of 1344 Folsom St..
haa lately returned from New York, where he
graduated from the Lying-in Hospital, also
Bell' Hospital, and now haa his office
and residence at KSlv, Howard st
PROPI2IITY WANTED.
WANTED— To rent small chicken ranch. Box
KSS. Call.
_
OIL.
BACHELORS OIL COMPANY.
(4« ACRES. »40 ACRES.
A FULL SECTION.
OWNED. NOT LEASED.
RIGHT IN THE CENTER OF THE FAMOUS
POSO OIL DISTRICT.
CAPT-»K 200.000 SHARES, $1 EACH.
75 Pi. NT OF THIS IS TREASURY
STOCK.
rNDORSED BY ALL RECOGNIZED
EXPERTS.
NO WELL IN THIS DISTRICT «0 FEET
DEEP WITHOUT FINDING OIL IN
PAYING QUANTITIES.
THE TIME TO MAKE MONEY 15 TO BUT
FIRST. EVERYBODY IS MAKING
MONEY IN OIU THIS IS YOUR
OPPORTUNITY.
TEN THOUSAND MARES
at 50 CENTS PER SHARE.
NOW ON SALE AT THE OFFICE OF THE
COMPANY. 612 HEARST (EXAMINER)
BUILDING. PAN FRAN«'IS^O. TELEPHONE
BT.ACK IL OFFICE OPEN FROM 9 A. M.
TO 8 P. M.
TIME 1- MONEY. DO NOT DELAY.
IT WILL BE A MATTER OF WISDOM FOR
YOU TO INVESTIGATE OUR PROPERTY,
I MANAGEMENT AND CAPITALIZATION.
REPRESENTED BY THE FOLLOWING
WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS MEN:
OFFICERS AND DIRECTOR.*?
S. F. BARSTOW PRESIDENT
Capitalist. 310 Pine St., Pan Francisco.
W. L PIXLEY...... FIRST VICE PRESIDENT
R»al Estate. Oorte Madera, California.
TYREE A. BELL
..SECOND V. P. and SUPERINTENDENT
Fresno. California.
AMBROSE HARRIS SECRETARY
Investment", Hearst Bldg.. Pan Francisco.
H. L. GEAR ... ATTORNEY
310 Pine street. Pan Francisco.
C. A. HARM '
Harmon Lumber Co.. 4: Mnrket St..
Pan Francisco.
DR. E. C. TIMERM !
I;*" 1 Broadway, Oakland.
CARL W. ELFVING
Elfvlng & Seawell, Loans, Hearst Build-
ing. Ban Francisco.
W. E. KNOWLES
Samuel & Knowles, Real Estate, Oakland.
L. J. SHUMAN
Equitable Life. Crocker Building.
San Francisco.
GERMANIA TRUPT CO TREASURER
FURTHER INFORMATION AND PROS-
PECTUS CAN BE OBTAINED AT THE COM-
PANY'S MAIN OFFICE. ROOM 612. HEARST
(EXAMINER) BUILDING.
"There Is a tide In the affair* of men which,
1 taken at the flood, leads on to fortune; neg-
lected, all the voyage of our lives Is bound In
shall 1
Dm AXD STORES TO lbt.
: HARDIE place. 9, off Kearny st.. bet. Bush
and SuttT— One floor; 4 large room*, bath,
storeroom; also 1 room thlM floor; Just reno-
vated, clean, bright, sunny; cheap; nice for
small manufactories, sample rooms for agents
storerooms for merchandise, etc.; commission
i allowed; please pr-e this.
THIRD. Ml. cor. Park lane— Store. 3 rooms-
rent $16: water free
CORNER Twenty-third and Guerrero— Store.
1 rooms and concrete basement.
LOFT iR7 Mission street; 25xS0; power avail
able for shirt, shoe or paper-box factory.
STORE or factory. 119 Howard St.; 25x100 or
port thereof; light all over.
STORE. SW. cor. Vallejo and Lea yon worth. 2
living rooms: suitable for grocery; flat above.
6 rooms and hath: large cellar; rent for
whole $S0 per month. .
ELEGANT large store; 4 fine rooms In rear;
large dry bnsrment; suitable for any business.
993 Valencia St.. under Hotel Denntston. cor-
ner Twenty-first: business enter of Mission.
REAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
MADISON ■ BURKE. Real Estate Agents,
tat Market St.. opp. Palace Hotel.
Established 1818.
Downtown Investment— First block on Ellis
st . will ray 7 per cent.
$12,000— Mission St.. bet. First and Second; a
nice towntown business property.
$T.so(V— Butter St.. near Leguna; S rooms and
ba»h; lot iO:SxSS.
$1000— Baker St.. near Sacramento: I rooms
and bath. in perfect order: 25:0x102:6.
$10.000— Large residence and lot; Oak «t> near
Octavla; 44x120 to rear street; has a great
prospective value.
Mutt be »'>ld- well, near 16th at; rents
$49; price only $3JOO.
$37»— Twenty-seventh st., near Dolores; 11
rooms. 2 bath*; lot 25x114.
$2»0-Sherldan «t.. near Tenth and Harrison;
fla;s. well rented; lot 25x100.
Glover St.. n«ar Jones and Broadway;
2 flats, rent $24; lot 23x60.
Castro St.. near Twenty-first; fine residence;
8 rooms and bath; new and modern; £5x100;
price only »48.M).
S4XO — OctAvia. near Halght: aa elegant
lot for modern flats; 57:6x67 :«.
$2500—3 flats; rents $44; Shotwell. between
Uth and 16th; lot 22x120.
tUOO— corner York: 60x100; cottage. 4
rooms.
$2Soo— Greenwich, between Stockton and Pow-
ell: good house and lot 25:9x100.
le',l: good houae and MADISON & BURKE.
MAIUBON * BT'RKE.
C2I Market st , opp. Palac« Howl. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER .3. 1899.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE).
O. H. UMBSEN & CO.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$4600 00.
Broadway; Pacific Heights bargain; 2-etory ■■
bay-window residence of 6 rooms and bath; ,
MxlS3:B.
RENTS SJS2 PER ANNUM.
Western Addition bargain; splendid Invest-
ment: 4 flats and lot 50x75.
11l RENTS $360 PER ANNUM
Three ootta«e* and lot 75x114; in the Mission
Warm Belt; near 224 and Valencia streets;
street aoo*pted: this Is a bargain.
$4000— RENTS $260 PER ANNUM.
Bargain; Mission Warm Belt; I fine modem
flats and stable; brick foundation, etc; SSx
112:6 to an alley.
$6750-RENTS $C9O PER ANNUM.
3 nice new flats on Page street; 6. 5 and t
rooms and bath each; lot 26x95.
$2500— RENTS $360 PER ANNUM.
Southslde bat gain; store and 8 flats; Improve-
ments nearly new; 25xS0.
$11,000— RENTS $12iO PER ANNUM.
Pacific Heights; 2 elegant, new F.astlake
flats; sunny side of Clay street; 27:8x105.
$3000— RENTS $372 PER ANNUM.
Western Addition; 3 tenements and lot.
$9000— RENTS $564 PER ANNUM.
4 substantial, nearly new flats on Webster
ttreet; lot 33x?2:6.
$2400-RENTS $276 PER ANNUM.
Broadway street. 3 flats and lot.
$6500— RENTS $270 per ANNUM.
Folsom street, near Fourth: business prop-
erty; Chinese washhouse and 3 stores; old Im-
provements; lot 40x80.
$800 EACH— INSTALLMENT LOTS.
Richmond lots; 10th aye.. C and D streets;
adjacent to the Park. 25x120; $50 cash; $10 per
month; Interest 7 per cent.
Choice, list of building lots In every part of
the city at prices to suit.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of propertle.
for sale In all parts of the city. & CO..
G. H. UMBSEN * CO..
14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT. RESIDENCE
AND UNIMPROVED PROPERTY
AT SALESROOM 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
MONDAY, DECEMRER 11. 1599,
At 12 o'clock Noon.
A. LAYER ESTATE
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
Park aye.. SE. tine. 175 feet NE. City Hall
aye.. lot 2rxlOO; subject to confirmation by the
court.
ELLEN McNAMARA ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
NE. cor. Green and Montcnmery sts.; old
Improvements; lot 68:9x65:9; subject to confir-
mation by the court.
MARGARET HOLLIDAY ESTATE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
No. 1.
PE rnr. Haight and Stelner st*. ; 3-ftory
bulMlng an corner contains store, with concrete
basement an.l 2 upper ion of R rooms, bath;
also two 2-story bay-window houses adjoining.
of 9 rooms, bath, each; rents $120 per month;
lot 56:3x72.
No. 2.
252 Fifth st.. SW. line. bet. Howard and Fol-
som: store and flat of 5 rooms and bath; rents
$55 per month; lot 25xS0.
No. $.
1731 Market St.. SE. line, adjacent to Junction
of Market and Valencia sts, : 2 stores and flat
of 7 robins, with 2 houses In rear of S and I
rooms each; lot 35:11Ux125. running through to
rear street.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
1435. 1437. 1439 and 1441 McAllister ft., near
Scott; 4 bay-window flats of 6 and 7 rooms an.l
bath each; rents $110 per month; brick founda-
tion, cement walk, and street accepted; lot BOx
100.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
IS Lloyd St.. near Waller and Devlsadero: 2
bay-window flats of 5 rooms and bath each;
rents $30 [it month; brick foundation, etc.;
f treet accepted: lot "Xj™.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
734 Guerrero St., W. side, near Twentieth,
bay-window house of 10 rooms and bath; newly
renovated; street accepted : lot 60x105.
REFEREE BALE IN PARTITION.
The 9 following properties, by order of J. C.
Cullln. Martin Stevens and John S. Rolls, ref-
erees. Maurice L. Asher. attorney for referees,
EOS Callfunla ct.:
No. 1.
SW. cor. Pansome and Greenwich sts.; old
Improvements; rent $60 per month; lot 65:»x137:«
No. 2.
2H. 220 and 222 Lexington aye. (Stevenson st):
I houses of 6 rooms and bath each; rents $M
per nit. run; street accepted; lot 60x70.
No. 3.
Lot* IS. 19, 20, 21. 34. 41, 42, 43. 47 and 4? in
1 Mock 4 of Garden Tract Homestead Associa-
tion; lots 25x120 each.
No. 4.
Lot* 1. 2t2 t 3. 4. 8. 6. 24. 25. 26. 27. 23. 29. 32, 33.
34, 35. .16. 37. S«!. 39. M, 41. 42. 45, 48. 47 and 43
In block 6 of Garden Tract Homestead Associa-
tion; lots 25x120 each.
No. 5.
Lot* 1 to 44. both Inclusive. In block • of Gar-
den Tract Homestead Ansoclatlon.
No. 6.
Lots 1 to 14, both Inclusive, also that portion
of block on 8. cor. of San Bruno ana Paul
ayes.. SE. 152:S«i. SW. 75, NW. 99:11%. N. 91:8 U.
In block 7. Garden Tract Homestead Associa-
tion.
No. 7.
Lot In the town of Calpella, Mendoclno Coun-
ty SW. cor. Jackson and Second sts.. In block
I; lot 200x300; 3 frontages.
No. 8.
ALAMEDA COUNTY.
1231 Park aye .. bet. San Jose and San Anto-
nio ayes., Alameda: house of 7 rooms and bath;
rent $23 per month; lot 60x126:4.
No. 8.
All of Section 36 In Township 6 South. Range
21 Hast, Mount Diablo base and meridian, con-
taining 64) acres, more or less, all situate partly
In the county of Madera and partly In the
county of Fresno.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO.. Auctioneers.
14 Montgomery st.
EOI. GETZ. & BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
The bond Issue Is sure to be elected. Buy a
Park lot before values go up.
We boucht our properties at low prices for
' cash. Profit by our Judgment and secure bar-
, gain*.
Sunset Heights lots, choicest and cheapest of
' • 11, from $-••' up.. Call on us before buying.
' Easiest Installments.
$300 to $Soo— Richmond lots lower than ever.
$75 to $250— 0n Mlsslon-st. car line and Ocean
View lots, $5 monthly.
A few nice cottages and lot* on Installments.
Branch office. Ninth avenue, near H St.,
] open daily, Sunday Included. Call for maps
and diagrams.
SOL GETZ. A BROTHER.
ROOM "A." CROCKER BUILDING.
A NEW SUBDIVISION.
25 LOTS.
Offered for the first time. The lots face on
!>th and 10th u\e^.. between J and X st« ; street
work done and every lot on grade and ready
for the builder.
PRICES $675 UPWARD; $50 CASH, $10
MONTHLY.
These lot* are the cream of the growing Sun-
set District, commanding as they do a splen-
did view of Golden* Gate Park, etc. ; very ac-
cessible; only 2 blocks from the electric cars;
' you can buy no lots In the city for the prices
we ask that will compare with these for home
sites: better see them at once.
Take blue car on Eddy st. (Halght-st. cars
transfer), get off at '.<th aye.
i LTON & HOAO, 114 Montgomery st.
I A "WISEMAN" buya homes; "Phoolmen"
pay rent.
lf»50 buys 4-room cottage; 2 lots. 50x125.
$700 buys new house near station: lot .V>xl2s.
$M*0 — 4 rooms: street graded: near station.
$WV— 4 rooms and bath; lot 25x125; easy term*
$1100— House on Broad St.; lot 25xl2T>; bargain.
I»ts $125. $I.V). J2<y> and upward: near care.
THISTLETOX. TO Radowa St.. Ocean View.
FOR rule cheap 2-story houses. In good con-
dition; on >>th St.. near Howard. MRS.
I-. )HLKKR. .
FOR sale— Cheap, new 2-story houses; 7 rooms;
latent Improvements: Noe and Hill sts.; near
Castro-st. cars: patent sidewalk.
LANDLORDS— Read The American Landlord:
monthly Journal; sample free; dollar subscrip-
tion. Park Row bid*.. N. V.; agents wanted.
$5.V» CITY poultry farm: good cottage. 4 rooms
and lot: geese, chicken and duck houses '
cement floors; nicely arranged; hanks will
loan $750: a fortune and home for $15 per
month. Apply to P. A. DOLAN. 636 Market.
— 4-ROOM cottage snd basement: almost
new; nr Bemal Height School and Holly
Park Pielhop's Grocery, 249 Cortland aye.
LAUREL, 30S. near Clay— lo rooms; $7000; open
12 to 4 to-day.
$7200— MUST sell this week: business corner.
Post and Broderlck; rented low for $S0; rent
can be Increased, large mortgage can stand
$3300— Gocd Income; Vallejo. near Dupont;
well Improved; rents $40.
$1800— arrange easy terms; nice oottage
home on 26th st. ; 5 rooms and bath.
26:Sxll4— Will build to suit: nice level
lot: 1 block from cars; Jersey, near Castro
$I«&— Very cheap, very good; a corner- 2
blocks from cars: ready for building: let us
show It to you: worth $400.
McEWEN BROS.. in Montgomery st.
$H,OOO—PACIFIC Heights corner "residence"
with grand marine view; new house; hard-
wood finish: furnace; laundry, etc northeast
sunny corner: cars pass the door. HOOKER
* LENT. 14 Post st.
I2«6O— PRETTY 2-« tory home; « rooms, with
bath: frescoed wall, porcelain sink with tiles
plastered and planked basement cement side-
walk; part cash; easy terms. 8827 Twenty-
third at., near Church.
111 U l> ;vI 1. CITY — FOR SALB.
ItOOO— BRYANT near Fourth; rent $SI; lot
32x10; store and flats. In good con.: -
U750--MJddle St.. bet. Webster an.l mimore.
P'r.e and California; lot 2&X3J, with nU-e oot-
tiige of 4 rooms.
NICE NEW HOME.
$2000— Groat bargain, $100 cash, balance »a:ne
as rent; Castro »t.; lot 26x105; bra:iJ-new hous-
of t roorus. porcelain bath, all m. ;.-rn im-
provements.
$&boO— Rent $76; Tehatna »t., near Tti.rd; lot
50xCO, with 8 tenement* of 4 roomt avid bath
each.
$13,600— Rent $116; choice buslneat comer in
western Addition, within S tlocks of Murket
st. ; lot 60xb0; improvements, stores and flats.
$11,600— Rent $»0; g<x>d businena eon
Hcward st. ; flne three-story building; alwaya
rented; ttore and flats above.
$Bi£o— Rent $74; good business corner on prom-
inent retail business street In lUMlon; ateadily
rented; good lmpruvements.
$6SOO-Rent $6", Clara st., within a few feet
of Sixth st.; large lot. 45xS r i. Improve
consist of flat*, all rented; toll Is .1 splendid
rei:t,ng locality. ,
$3250— Rent $27; Clara St., nent Fourth; lot
2, : .x7.5. with Improvements coriMM.riij .; ;' Hats
of 6 room* each.
$SOOG-Steuart at., near Market; twe-storj-
building, containing store and Bat above of I
rooms; rent $50.
$67iO— Tw.. n: fiern flat* of 6 and 7 r....ms and
bnth. lot 2Sxloo. on the busln-
vlsadero st.; bull'llng should I- t .. I an 1
?t..rH built under; would pa)
:i remain
Modern cottage, eonti
bath; lot tSxIOO '■;»*>• terms, I. : . .
Ws have several n tl
set district cm easy payment*, :,n.i would be
pleased to give further i ■•-■
$:<. r OO— A good location fur manufactory or a
teamster; Shljiley st.. close 1 F ->m and
Fourth sts.; large lot. '■ ■ ' . brick
building.
$5500— Devisadero St.. near Washington; lot
25x110, with two-story bOUM I 7 r ■;:;*. t.ath.
furnace, etc.
I7X+— Clay »t.. near Plerc-. tw. -st.ry-and-
bus^ment houje. contain Ing - • > bath;
xIOO.
$2100— Foreclosure sale; easy monthly pay-
ments; Clipper st., near Banchex; bay-window
cottage of 5 rooms and bath; lot 24:0x114.
$4750— Liberty St.; residence of 8 rooms and
bath; latest modern Improvements, Including
furnace, electric and gas lighting; lot 25x114;
magnificent view; close to Guerrero-st. cars.
$21.000— Large corner. C".\7.'. on Valencia, at
the Junction of Market ft., Improvements,
three-story building.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
$500 AND UPWARD BELLING FAST.
On very easy payments; ch:doe lots In the
block recently subdivided, bounded by H and I
sts.. Eighteenth and Nineteenth aye?.: right on
the Park and the new Nineteen th-aye. boule-
vard: a number of luts already sold; balance
bound to sell quickly; fine Investments; good
building lots: all ready; lots and streets on
official grade: graded, macadamized; water
pipes laid; plank sidewalks.
Prices, $500 upward; Interest 6 j.er cent only.
Your own terms.
Money advanced for building purposes.
Electric cars pass the property; ?ee this block
at once: go to our branch ofp.c,. to-day, corner
II st. and Ninth aye.: price li*ts. etc.. there at
our office. BALDWIN Ac HOW]
10 Montgomery st.
YON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO..
(13 CALIF! ST.
IMPROVED.
83x56— Cohen place, off Ellis, W. of Leaven-
worth; S modern flats.
35x137:6— Hayea ft., near Fillmore; 3 flat*;
rent $90; $13,500.
26x100— Van Ness aye., near Pacific aye.;
modern 12-r.n m house.
30x125— Corner Vallejo and Octavia; 2-story
bay-window residence; marine view; $SOOO.
20x6? :9 to rear st.— Union St.; near Du| nt;
3 front and 3 rear flats; rents $C 4 50: $SOW).
60x75— Natoma, near it] 6 . tents; rents
$80; $7500.
25x75— Hayes, near Devlsadero; ■ rooms and
bath: modern.
226x107:6— Fashionable part of Vallejo St.; 10
rooms; strictly nvxlern: |TbCO.
2ixSo— Fourth St.. near Harrison; store and
flat: JC'OO: sale urgent.
46xrrO— Greenwich, near Taylor; three 2-story
houses: rents $54; $C2r.O.
112:«x37:6x57:6— Corner Kearny and Green-
wich: 10 2-btory houses; re:its J'C: $t>OCO.
25x75— Cor. Virginia and 1 : -a.; 3
flat.-, rents $37. $:c»0.
22xCS:9--Pa<*lflc. near Mason: house of eight
rooms and bath: SCO.
22:6x1?0 to rear st. — Union, near Jones; 2 flats;
rents $24: $8500.
25\S1:6— Twenty-third, nr. Dolores; 2-story
house, « rooms and bath; $COO down; balance
same as re;. interest o j.er nt; must be sold
to close an estate.
I. yon. m-ar O*ar>-; eottac*! *
enth aye.. near I»ike, naw cot-
tajre: ?.
HtUa ranelsco Ft . near Stockton; 2-
it'-ry h>~use snd l,iri?e ■ • |
23x50-— Auburn, near Pacific; 3-story house;
rents $24; $1700.
UNIMPROVED.
75x137:6— C0r. Hampshire and Eighteenth.
25x100— Florida St.. ncrth ■•: isth; adjoining
Union Brewery: offer wanted.
240x150— Corner Thirty-fourth and A; $3500.
2Sxllo S*-. tt at., n<-ar WaHliinKton: $37r-1.
*3x71:10— SE. corner Polk anil I»ml»ani sts.
37:4»ixl37:6— Greenwich, near Polk; $2000.
260x125— NW. corner Fountain and 25th.
25x80— Sanchez, near Twenty-seventh; $700.
25x137:6— B. Frederick, west of Cole.
MoAFBS BROTHERS.
103 MontKomery St., Fan Francisco.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Near Montgomery St.; three-story building;
stores below and rooms ab re); two frontacen;
always rented; rents $ISS month; price $25 0^).
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
On Bunny side of ■treat; .1 fine two-story res-
idence of 10 rooms; billiard i«..ni and hard
room floors; lot 27:6x117:5; a real bargain; price
$7500.
WESTERN ADDITION HOME.
Good sunny home of 7 rooms on Webster st.:
price has been reduced to $5500 to make quick
sale; It's a bargain.
RENTS $S5. PRICE $5750.
Thr»e fine flats In Panhandle district; always
rented; lot 25x137:6.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
13 rooms: on north side of street, with marine
view; lot 35:10x137:6 feet: price $13,000.
MISSION STREET LOT.
Minion, near Twelfth; size 4(ixl37:C; old Im-
provements; will be sold cheap; an offer want-
ed.
MISSION COTTAGES.
Call for our It-- all pnrtu of
the Mission; from $12".v> upward; ea.-y tfr;ns if
desired.
BRAND NEW.
Runny side of ciem-iit si . ;.^tor>' residence
of 7 rooms and bath; lot Wxl 18; only $3.".< X).
SUNSET DISTRICT.
Two flne lota "ii S»vnt>i uv* , near Park •
2T.X120; t7T,O each.
COLLEGE HEIGHTS.
Fine lots, with view of city; Jv'O to $lini).
PACIFIC HEIGHTS LOTS.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS IJTTS.
> ri.i- BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.. Ban Francisco.
SCOTT A HARRIS ....II POST ST.
$1160— Only PR required, balance at 6 per cent;
2 flats near Pacific and Taylor Bts.; always
, rented for 14 ; this Is a good bargain.
$2000— Very cheap: cottage and lot 25x75; on
i Natoma St.. near Seventh.
$2400— Beautiful 6-room and bath house; Dia-
mond St.. near Twentieth; fine garden.
$2100— Cozy new cottage In the warm belt:
Twenty-third St.. near Dolores; 6 rooms and
bath; nice garden.
$2600— Brand-new finely finished home on
Twenty-seventh St., near Sanchez; a fine home
| for little money: see this; can pay In Install-
ments If preferred.
$2700— A bargain: 3 nice nats on Union st
near Hyde: rent for $27 50; can pay part, bal-
| ance mortgage.
$5750 — A good chance for good property 2 up-
to-date flats on Frederick st., near Masonic
aye. : rent $56.
$7500— Six flats on sunny side of Silver st
near Third: rent $*0; this is an excellent Investl
ment In the heart of town.
SCOTT ft HARRIS.
IS Post st.
IN EASY MONTHLY PAYMENTS.
WITHOUT INTEREST
WITHOUT INTEREST.
Two new elegant corner cottages, f, and 6
roomr each, containing mantels, porcelain
tubs and all the latest Improvements: only
'4 block from Twenty-second St. Electric
Cars: gas mains laid: -ill street work done;
rake tin appointment: no trouble to show the I
homes. OSCAR " "AN 14 Post st.
$100 IN $5 monthly payments; 4 lots; 30x100
each: near San Mate> cars. OSCAR RET-
MAN. 14 Post st. . .
$25 MONTHLY
•• *25 MONTHLY.
New 7-room and bath cottage on north side
of Twenty-first st : street bltumenlzed. Os-
CAR HEYMAN. 14 Post St.
$12 MONTHLY buys IS level lots; 1 block
from electric cars: good for fairy or chicken
ranch. OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Poat st.
A— s2Boo; choice residence lot; Howard, near
Nineteenth st. : 25x100.
$6000— A bargain: Mlfslon St.. near Sixteenth
where they ask $200 per foot; store and 3 rooms !
and flat of C rooms and bath; 2.'x105.
$«00— Mission st., near Twenty-first: a good
business locality: lot 60x122:6; mortgage of
$5000 can remain.
*r,2.'A- Reduced; oor. Eighteenth and Capn
•ts. : good house. 10 rooms. 2 baths; lot 40x1" 6
corner portion vacant. "" '
W. H. CRIM * CO.. 11« Montgomery st.
C. C. BEMIS. Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 324 Montgomery st.
Make Northeast cor. Twenty-seventh
and Douglass sts.; must be sold: 80x114 feet.
11600— North line Carl St., near Stanyan- 22x
I 137:6 feet. '
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
«38 MARKET STREET.
BANKS PAY 2 1-3 PER CENT.
REAL ESTATE 4 TIMES AS MUCH.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
PAYS 114 PER CENT.
19.000— RENTED; « flats of 6 and 4 rooms
and bath, all In Kood condition: lot fax
6S:» feet, on Grove street, nr. New City
Hall; MUST BE SOLD— MAKE OF-
FER.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
W. 500— 3 New elegant modem flats of *. 7 and I
rooms and bath; on Central aye.: lot
23x137:8 feet.
PAYS SVi PER CENT.
$16, 000— Northeast corner on Fell street, opposite
panhandle; all rented; S new flat* of 7
rooms and bath, lot 31 .3x137 .6 feet.
NORTH OF MARKET STREET.
PAYS 11 PER CENT.
fll.ooo— On Taylor street; double frontac*: 6
flats of 3. 4 and 5 room* and bath, and
residence; lot 45.«x?0 fe*t.
PAYS 19 PER CENT.
$10,000—4 frontages; 11 flats and 1 dwelling; all
In good condition; all rented; on Stock-
ton stre«et.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENTS.
PAYS 16 PER I BUT
$s,&oo— Near Sixth and Folsom streets: 8 flats;
3 of 4 rooms and 3 of 7 rooms; separate
entrances; excellent condition; lot 60x75
feet.
PAYS 14 PER CENT.
$4 000— close an estate, all rented. « flats. 4
and five rooms; lot 33:9x75 feet, on Clara
street, near Sixth street.
PAYS II PER CENT.
$2.ooo— Near Fourth and Bryant sts; I tene-
ments; on lot 20x50 feet.
MISSION FLATS.
PAYS 11 PER CENT.
15 250—8 modern flats of 5 rooms and bath: lot
28x6f, feet; near 23d and Howard sts.
PAYS 15 PER ::nt
$3 600—3 well built flat*. 4 and 6 rooms and
bath; near Sixteenth and Howard sts.
EASTON. ELimmOF. * CO.,
638 Market street.
NEW PROPERTY FOR SALE BY
0 ■" AI IN M.Vr.^MBRTBT.
$136 000— Large corner on Geary St.. I blocks
from Baldwin Hotel. 160 feet frontage; rents
$400.
$60 000— Corner on Putter St., Inside of Powell,
60x60; or 60x97.6 for $55,000.
$. r .O 000— Corner on Turk Kt.. near Mnrket, K:«x
87:«.
jlSOO^—R^nts $100; corner nn rallfornla St..
n-ar Kearny; l-ftc.r>- brick building.
| -<v-L«rre corner on Flllmore St.; leased
for ItttH per month; only half Improved.
$17 000- Rent $16«0 per annum; cornT In West-
ern Addition; 6 beautiful modern flats; always
rented.
HffW—Handsnme bay-window modern house on
• «» . b«i < - allfornla an.l Pacramento; 8
rnutnii atvl bath.
M.-A'.llKter Kt.. nmir Stelner; 3 flne flau;
r»-nts JSOO per annum.
}2;/«>\_pifty-vara lot and fine r»s'<lenre, cot.
Webster and'r.r-cn iU.; fine marine view.
Two flats on oak «t.. fronting pan-
handle, Boar !. n: ?2xlio; 6 and 7 rooms and
bath each: remn $IV
JSOW-Marlno view; l>t on KW, cor. Vallejo
■ '. >bnter M« . f'ixl37 6
|MW— HW. oor I md Twenty-third
•; : ft^ r> hOUM, Itorfl and flat.
$«CoO— pi . B t.. north sMt>, near Taylor; 25x75;
Just the place for tine flats.
M5OO- F""l»rm st., nur Ninth; 2.tx!>o; rents 143
p«r month, ttora hm! ", fl.-»t.«.
trr.r/'" H»-nt« BM par annum; I-eavenworth
n . near Kdily. 4«rrv bulldin(.
per annum: Tehama st . near
Firm. • I house*, hlwrjx rental.
-v lot. cor. I^irkln st. and
■ray, IS7 IJtITJ I; rents now $lir,; only half
Improved; good location for fine flats.
A. M. BPECK * '•' '
Ml MARKET ST., ol'P. KEAIt.NY
$120,000.
Downtown business corner; 137:«x157:5; stores
and lodging houses above; rents $*iO.) annually.
fIM
Kilis- st corner; tOxltl uad 70 rOOOBa;
win pay 7 |~-; . -nt net.
-
- m. ilern. renU abotti W
yearly, lot 50x160 feet; .' frontages; coat ■
$27.. W i
Eddy and .Tones nts. : store and 26 rooms
above; modern, payi 7 per cent net.
$2... 000.
Geary St.; near Taylor; SCxSO feet; no bet:er
buy downtown.
Mission St.. near Third: lot 4<>x<2 b«-st bar-
gain on Mtaaion ft. to-day.
U2.f^o.
Close to Msrket and Taylor Sta.; stores and
flats; M feet front; rents abotrt $100.
$1200.
Corner near Market st.: rents $1150 yearly-
store and flats; nearly new.
$7.W».
Three new flats; vicinity Powell and Bush
sts. ; rents $7S.
JGTtt).
Post St.; 3 good flam. rents $«0; lot 27x110 feet.
$"00.
Lot IWixlCO feet an.l rosy modern residence;
fine stable; warm belt Mission.
tisoo.
Near Powell and Clay sis.: 3 flats; rents $18.
A - *>• BPBCK • «•.). 667 Market st.
FOR BALE IV "
Hawks v SK ELTON. 321 Montgomery st.
$20.C0>- Store* an.l flats: Dcvlaadero st.; pay-
Ing 6 per cent net: Improving In value for busi-
ness.
$11.500— Geary st.. near Octavla; large lot; im-
proved; rented low at $:s . never vacant: good
Investment; make offer.
$lti.so»— Cor. ly.nvcnworth and Sacramento;
I houses: rent $1620 per annum: easy terms.
J. ■■' House of 5 rooms and bath; high base-
ment; Twenty-third st., near Castro; fine view:
this Is a bargain.
$KOO— SW. cor. Vallejo and Pierce sts.: 45x112
$26CO— Cor. Fifteenth, near Valencia; cholca
for flats: light for every room.
$2000— Corner lot; Montgomery aye. and Tay-
lor St.: very cheap; will double yemt money.
$VK#-Lot: Jackson St.. west of Walnut; fine
view of bay and mountains: close to cars and
entrance to Presidio; will divide
$1100— Lota S. side Ch?stnut. near Stockton:
street accepted; very cheap.
HAWKS & SKELTON,
321 Montgomery st.
LOTfl for sale in the Hnrman trn t on $10
monthly installments: streets i rndrd anil
■ewered JACOH iikyma.v. i« Mitntgomary.
PARK lots for snle rrom $100 up; bus while
■tv i« c ii.- .|. |7S |Mi . lectrlc
road, Ban M ■ HET-
MAK, IT' Montgomery «t
■11 It will coal you in the long run for
a new 3-room house and lot gtalM, In the
Alvln Trnct. Elmhnrat, .Alamed.i County, near
Oakland For parttralara see JACOH HEY
man. 19 Montgomery st.
in ooaree of arecttoa, t-roon and hath Itago
on H'tffman iv' . ?!••> an I'r.i i COt is all
the BOOM will -t foil in Ihe|. • • run; you
rent-payen start in to think and see what
> 'v win aave by getting jrour ohm home
For particular' call ofl JACOB lIKVMAN
19 Montgomery "t-
On or about the Ist of January. 1900. JACOB
BKYMAN will move his office to 117 Sutter.
H. MURPHY, an Market St.. makes loans on
second mortgager, Interest* In estates, etc.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St.. oppo-
site the Nevada Bank,
$10.000— Taylor, rl., one block from Market; a
fine buy.
$32.500— Eddy st . near Mason: rent $140.
$25.000— Market *t.. near Halrht.
$25.000— A dead bargain on Larkin M . near
Geary: rent lUS; «tores and flat*. lrt 47.6x137
$5000 each— Two fine houses on Bc< tl *t.. near
Sacramento: eheiir».
HO^a— A snao: lot 27:6x1J7:«. on Fult in it
with i 2-story .use; No. 307; only a couple of
blocks from the City Hall and Market st.; lot
alone Is worth $4.W0.
$30.0 CO —Rents $:V00: a most centrally located
corner property of stores and flats, with an ex-
cellent future; nothing better In the city.
$5SOO— Rents $47: a splendid Investment on
Geary st.: 3-story house; store and 2 Data, 6
rooms and bath each.
H. MURPHY. «30 Market st., mak»« loans on
second mortgage*. Interests in estates, etc.
GOOD Improved income property for sale,
cheap: car line: Western Addition. Address
box 1178, Ca.l 3ce.
REAL ESTATE CITY — FOR BALE.
W4oo— MODERN 5-room cottage on bltumlnlsed
■treet; lot 25x134; also a large 7-room house
on Pierce ft., near Haight; bouses built u>
suit purchaser; easy trrms. Inquire on prem-
ises. F NELSON, builder.
IF you have lota north of Oolden Gate Park,
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call en W. J. GI'NN. 410 Montgomery st.
REAL KSTATK OOVHTKV — For Sale
A SURPRISING bargain— A lovely home for
cash or easy terms— Remember th.it I've made
a strict specialty of Inspecting, appraising,
selling and exchanging country property In
this State for over 19 years, having personally
Inspected and now handle more ranches than
ail other agents put together In San Fran-
cisco: but of all the gold*) opportunities to
secure a lovely home or gilt-edge paying an.l
safe Investment the following described Is
the very best ever offered:
Subdivision sale— lo. 20. -50 and up to 300
acres (size tracts to suit), the very best lo-
cated and choicest, highly cultivated, doep
and rich level loam, adjacent to Napa. for I'* 1
per acre; would be cheap even at SI 1 *); has
sold and no doubt will soon again bring S2 ; »)
per acre; It Is the very choicest of fruit, vine-
yard, alfalfa, corn, sugar beet, grain or hay
land; iniaranteed to rent for 10 per cent net.
cash In advance on Investment: It i-> better
security and will pay five times the profit of
saving* banks or ordinary loans; take my ad-
vice and buy some or nil of this land.
SICKEI.S. the Land Agent. *••<; Market st.
MENLO PARK.
2'i to S acre tracts, bank sale; SUO to JIM per
acre; water piped to every lot; spreading oak*:
rich Mil; easy reach of depot and university;
■4 cash, balance long time, 7 per cent.
W5CO— New modern house; central Oakland;
exchange for orchard or general farm.
$1750— Oakland cottage, central, half tn va-
cant lets or land, balance easy terms.
W. O. GRIFFITH, room 311. Hearst bldg.^
ROSS VALLEY: II acres redwood, .oak and
BMdrMM trees; 10 minutes (rum station.
:.>" :>>r acre; will subdivide. Address box
1419. Call.
FOR 121* (H cash), 19 acres in wheat: I*l for
?50Q: 1200 at IS; 160 to 2000 In wheat at *12>».
M GKIFFIN. 713 Market, near Call building.
MA KIN Co.. :■« mile* from 9. K.-»4j to fM per
acre; choice lands In tracts of all sixes; im-
proved farms, chicken ranches, hay. grain,
fruit and vegetable lands; < asy terms; rail
and water transit; good schools. HOMK AND
FARM CO.. rm. J7. ith floor. Mills blJg.. 8. V.
CHANCB to trade city pr perty for the Johan-
nlHberK Spring", mountain resort and vine-
yards. Napa County.
IM acres, furnlnheil and equipped for busl-
•mar over M per cent OB Invest-
ment: will *e!l for 1-3 of original cost; term*
to suit, or must l<e rfnte.| at 00 >• on I
Of dfpartur<-
graphs and [articular* It. . : 'A M
BPECK A CO., M 7 Market ~t . Fvanilner bldg
FOR Pale— One hundred acres cbolc* beet land.
onc\ mile from Salinas. B 11. CRAM
Haye« «t
REAL ESTATE \V \\TEI>.
WANTEr>-Lot vi or M ft., on Howard Bi f
»om sts . E. of Fourth. Address W. H. C.
N.x MR, <'n!l r.fflce
IIKAL ESTATE TO EXCHAX<E.
MM HOUSE two flats. "Noe"st.. city." $70<*>-
7-room Alameda cottage, lot 90x140. For
ranches. 2 West Berkeley cottages. $2200 and
$16(0. City lots. German-American. 34 Kearny.
$6000— LA ROE modern house of 9 rooms: corner
lot. overlooking Lake Merrttt: will take lot in
8. F. or Oakland, value of $2500, as part pay-
ment J. S. JOHNSON. 972 Broadway. Oak-
land.
LOTS In good country town: will sell or ex-
change. (OWING * CO.. 995 Market st.
ROOMS for noi MKi.irno.
A PRIVATE, refined family will rent three
housekeeping rooms to desirable party. Box
1430 Call office.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions has been opened
at 1223 Polk st.; open until » p. m.
BIRCH aye.. 26— Nice sunny front room and
kitchen; quiet people only; no children.
BUCHANAN. 602. corner Fell-Sunny furnished
bay-window and kitchen; cook stove: $12.
BUSH, 633—1 or 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping; Kas and I ••h
CLAY. 2421. near Ftllmore— J large unfurnlsheJ
rooms; yard; water, rear; rent $7
EDDY. 207 — Nicely furnished pleasant front
rooms; gas; bath; terms reasonable.
FIFTH. 353—3 connecting furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, $13: also single rms.. $5, $( and j7.
FOURTH. 225— Rooms suitable for light house-
keeping; also single.
HOWARD, R2s— 1 or 2 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping.
HOWARD. S34— Sunny parlnrs. complete house-
keeping: $2 week; suite $1"
HOWARD, 1061 — : sunn) connecting housekeep-
ing rooms; running water: .*'.-■ others.
LARKIN. V* Sunny back. bedroom and kitchen
furnished for housekeeping; $to
LEWIS. IS. off Taylor, near Post— 2 completely
furnished front rooms: $14.
MCALLISTER. 2000. cor. Central aye.— Sunny
furnished rooms for housekeeping complete.
MISSION. Ml— 2 nice sunny rooms; furnished
for houiek Ing.
MISSION. «45— A nice front room with foldlnc
bed; kitchen complete for housekeeping.
NINTH. 2f>. near Market. 2 sunny connecting
rooms; hk.: stove. water, gas; $10; single, v
POLK. IC3S Sunny rooms: nice single; large
' double; board or light housekeeping.
polk, 717—2 furnished housekeeping rooms
with bath. ___^__
TEHAMA. 331—3 rooms furnished for hcuse-
keeplng: Untlonary tubs and batlu
TENTH, 13*— Sunny housekeeping rooms; also
single.
TWELFTH. 122. between Mission and How-
ard— 2 sunny connecting rooms; housekeep-
ing; gas stove.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3U6— Near Howard; 2 nice
runny housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry.
UNFURNISHED upper floor and bath. 20
Willow aye. Apply 729 Ellis st.
HOO.iyo TO loan on diamonds, watches. silver, seal-
skins, piano*, guns t'nele Harris. 15 Grant ay.
CXAPSIKIKO advertisement* and subscriptions.
received it call branch o fi.e. BO H !m re st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at th«
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
streeta. Open until 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1094 Va-
lencia #t.
ROOM! TO I.XT — Kurn. and Infurn.
A BRANCH office for the reception of adver-
tisements and subscriptions lias been opened
•t 1223 Polk st.; open until 3 p. m.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building. San An-
tonio; new furniture, hut .ml coM water, ra-
diators, gi.ttex, mites; when seen are appreci-
ated. II Taylor st.. near Market.
A— BRINSWKK BOUBB, U% Sixth-Ho.,ms
Isc to $1 per tilajht. tl 27> to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open al> night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor »t* —
Homelike house; modern service; elevat r.
bath; rooms EOc to SI SO day. MHS J Kl.M>
BURNBTT, UH Mark.t . IJ Kfl UM
nlshed rms.. suites, slagte; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, IM Mark-t. cor Golden <;.ite
aye- Punny corner. wr|| furn: rmt A
CL>ASSIf*IED adTertlsements an. l subscription*
reeled at Call brar.ch fl » -■■ i*II
COLE. IM, oor. Waller Neatly furnished
. suitable for 2 gentleOMß
COR, California an-l v fur-
nished convenient *unny rooms; ;<ulte ..r sin-
gle: rent raaaotMble. Apply :S"7'» California.
KLL.IR. Cl>— lvorge sunny roon; kultable for 1
gnntl«*m»ri: everything new.
FEIX. US— Two lane*, nlct-ly furnished
$8 eui'h, one single, $.*>.
FILL, .'2l Sunny furnished n. .m». mrvdern im-
; r .senient.s. rent reasonable.
KOLSOM. SOU. near Ht\ento-nth J connecting
unfurnished rooms; bay-wtndow, sunny.
FOT'RTH, .12 1 .*— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window and single rooms: reasonable, quiet.
FURNISHED r omi from Ji a week up by a
single woman 17 Verona st.
OEART, HA-Nlcely furnished sunny suite:
single rooms, ft month up: water; gas.
GEARY. 544— Nice sunny suite for housekeep-
ing: other rooms: hot and cold water: phone.
GIKARD House-U'Z Seventh-Sunny furnished
rooms; day or week: reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor Seventh
and Mission sts -Sunny rooms, en suite or
single: ladles' parlor, read in* room; elevator.
GRANT jv».. 217. opp. Samuels' lace h .use Kri
suite or single, very reasonable.
HANCOCK House. 711 MtaasM tatod family
rooming house: tl 60 to $4 per week.
HARRISON. 7H4H. near Fourth— Flnejy fuT
nlshed rooms; bath, all conveni-
like: $1 week up.
HAUTMoHNK 171. near i eiiam
sunny room, reasonable; b.ard optional.
HICKORY aye. Hi Sunny foal Till
room; rent $6 per month
Hf'WARP. 7r. Kunny rooms; nicely fur^
nlshed', every convenience; electric lifhu.
RUUMS TO LET — Porn, ■•■••I fnfarn.
HOWARD. m% Nicely furnished tunny
double and tingle rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD. »2>-Clean. respectable, 23c to SI per
night; from. SI par week to II; H ward-st. car
__to the door.
HOWARD. • Bunny furnish* I rooms, tl
week up. transient. *-.- - -;
LOVKLY newly . furnished runny front room*.
'■ and »< 433 I lay en st. nr Oougb.
MARKET. 7«S <Dewey House>— Sunny furnished
rooms: day or week: reasonable.
McALLISTETt. 114. Flat No. 4— Elegantly fur-
nished front room for two gentlemen: sun.
gas. bath, grate: alsn single room, very rea-
sonable; call and Investigate.
MrALURTEnTiW. cor. Hyde^-LoTely suite and
otner rooms; all sunny; private.
keep.ng. alro single Bl
MINNA. 24H. rear-N;c» fumlshe <
MINN \ '•17 corner K'ch-h ■
bay-window room, tt per we»k . tran»
MIfeWIOM, K4s^ Sunny fl I bath
NAT" "•• MS— 2 front sunny con. rooms; well
furn. ; cuuple or 2 men: refined; private: IP
|'AX. 11$- Large new!>
man preferred; «a< ar.d h.ith.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny fumHhed rx>mt and
of flees; elevator; electric lights; day. wk. mo
O'FARRELL. 4»— Large furnished tunny clean
room suitable for 2 gentlemen. $.. 10 month.
PINE. 1523. near Polk— Large newly furnished
front room; private family.
TOST. iO2SA— Elegantly furnished rooms; bath
and all modern conveniences.
POWELL. «12A— I-ar*» sunny front and tack
parlor, suitable for 1 gents; newly furnished.
DALE. 121 Ellis, nr. Taylor— l» rooms;
21c a night: SI a week; transient.
ROYAL House. i:« Ellis tt.— lncandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per night, toe to SI 80; week. 12 to
SI; month, t* to jiv elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; baths.
SAN Carlos »v» . 28. cor. 11th— Nice runny front
room: bay-window: grate; suitable for 1 or 2
gentlemen; rent reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment Hous«. XI Eighth st .
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
BUTTER. 11W±— Sunny furnished rooms: both;
gas; private family.
TAYLOR, ftii— 2 elegantly furnished rcoms; sin-
gle and double: gents only; Sl2 and IS
THE Oaks. Hi Third— A gnr.d roomln^-hous*
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD. Ml -Sunny front rooms for light house,
keeping, single rnoma for mm. SI week.
TVRK. 313— Sunny furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
TURK. 814 A —Bunny front and bark parlor or
single room; suitable for gentleman.
TI'RK. 1428— Sunny front room In a private
family.
VALENCIA. 117— Nice sunny front mom.
■
FurnHhe.l • rent; only roomer: new
furniture; rheap.
WILLOW »■• i-«n N c sunny
newly furnished room*, private family
A BRANCH office for Call •'
subaerlpttoM has r»en established at io«»i Va-
ler.'-ta »t
ROOMS WANTED.
KD— Two «>r thre» sunny unfurnished
rooms: mi*iem Improvenients; rent n* t I
ceed 112 or $14. adult -
THREE or four unfurnished for housekeeping
State rent and particular* to box Uin, Caul
WANTED Bj vuing run, a nice fun
■ ' Boi 1441. •'all
LADY will teach piano In exchange ' - -
■m i a i. m 1 1< i >
PILES PETEB ntEIUNO'I pile) sahr*. $1 per
wairnnted M ntTC all ca»en of bleeding.
Itching, external. Internal <>r protrudlf .
til. no matt»r of how l«.ng st*
MB I "•■ t-H Itf • st . near I .
LADII -r's Engllsl I •.
are the best; saf". WllsMs: tan-
send 4r- stamps ' >r particulars
Ladles." In letter by return i all ; at drug-
gist*, fhichester itiemlcal
BAI» tenants e)#^-. • ' - |t
city or country PACIFIC COLLF.fTIO!
OS Mont|
•*hlfen*.l •
palntlns; done Hart man Paint 'o . 3l» Third
iawura -MACIII.\i:s AND nrrrusfl
12 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bourht. mM:
machine supplies. 145 Suth; phone Mint 43.
ALL kind* bought, noli, exchanged, rented: r».
pairing at lowest mte». Fourth st.
BTORAGB A.M) WAHKIIOI **:%.
riKRCE-RODOLPH Storage and Movlng^ro!
Of He*.. 401 I'ost it., cor. rowell: tel. Main 57U.
I CAT.A. Storage Warehr F. SMITH. I'rnp.]
772 Ml«*lon: good* guaranteed: tel. Oar 23.
ALAMRDA ADVERTISEMENT^
\l \MI II noOMS AMI BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health: larg*
grounds: rri^ate. MRS. PR. Fr.VKE t4t< <:h.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$11. "00— FINEST piece of property In town; 4
Urtf? lots and a magnificent how, O. G.
MAY & CO.
JIOW EACH— 2 comfortable cottages close to
depot; e.i»y terms. O. U. MAY it, CO.
BRAND new house of S rooms for IIKO.
New modern f»-room house near L". C. ; {3300.
O. O. MAT A CO.. Berkeley station.
FOR tale, near the University grounds. hou*«
of • rooms: thoroughly well bu.lt; all modern
Improvers lot IZxWi; either for rash or
easy tern JOi*. J. MAHON. Real Estate.
Adjoining I". < ' . Berkeley station.
J $4.".00— Large modern residence nt 9 room*; corner
lot: beautiful grounds; co«t SSOOO; near th»
University, Berkeley: easy term*. J. H.
JOHNSON. 973 Broaqway. Oakland.
FOR -al< — A bargain, grocery store. sVx-k an>l
fixtures; lot • >x!i'.; on Shattuck are.. Berke-
ley. GEORGE SCHMIDT, Kchmldt Block.
Berkeley. • . :
11200— WORTH ttTOO; S lots. 40x127 each, and a
5-r«>om house; good well and pump; $.''■" <a«h;
balance on time to suit purchaser. \V. C.
MOHAN.
' . i ■ win
rtage on sunny aid* of street
M
»'" >XX this: this property sold for ft«W;
parties going away: will take sico down, bal-
ance 112 per month. W. C. MORAN.
SlS»v> — HANK property: 5 larg* rooms: lot «*»
120; near school and station, electric cars. etc.
W. C MORAN.
$K(V-SEE these lots; 44x123; worth KOO: only
two left. £e« W. C. MORAN. l,rn station.
Berkeley. -
C. C. BBIUS, Real Estate and General Land
Agent. 121 Montgomery St.
In Berkeley— O.rner lot 17x120. with modern
house of i rooms.
3 EL.HOANT t-roem colonial homes adjacent
University of Cal.; Just completed: porcelain
bath: finished in natural wood; all modern
conveniences: sunny froptage; terms If de-
sired. M L.. WiritTS. mi & IV way. Oakland.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
kriit\ %MM ni: *i. kstatr.
XTiH— Coxy cottage of 4 rooms. lot EOxtM; barn,
chicken house, fruit trees, city water, etc.;
close to cars.
SU0 — House of ( rooms; fine well and pump,
woodshed, chicken houses; corner lot. 156.
easy term* if desired.
lIOOV-lIM cash. balance 112 per mnnth: cottar"
nf S rooms, .bath, attic, fruit trees: lot 37xltt:
located in the bent part of Kruitvale, only 1
blorks from Frultvale aye
li:.:o-MwlTn cottage of i rooms and bath: 1
marble withstands, fine mantel, stationary
tub-. 7-foot basement, chicken house*, fin* lawn
and shrubberies: lot Iftxl2."i; cost owner i.':i>
$2200— New modern cottsce of 5 rooms, recep-
tion hall, porcelain hath, high basement, barn.
fruit tree*, etc: lot .Vx!3»;, all fenced: fin* loca-
tion, only 2 blocks from Fniitvale station.
For particulars apply to
11. A PUEITNER Frultvale Ftatlin. Cal.
$200 CASH. 11l tn monthly, will buy a lovely
home; modern house of 9 rooms, bath, pantry.
closets, sanitary plumbing: Urge lot: »••■«-.
neighborhood; lovely surroundings: cars pass
the door; sewered, street work all d^ne; city
water: climate the best: price, all told. «.'"••■.
let us show you this home; will consider ex-
change. 11. 73. JONEf owner, i". Seventh
st . near OPT. Hroadway. Oakland.
For additional classified adver*
tisements see page eighteen.
1718
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— OOS BROADWAY.
OAKLA.VD HI.AI. BSTATB.
tU> CA£H. X CO tnoctbly till paid for; chicken
run ;. *:.•«. feet; randy Jjiusi soil: plenty of
good water: level land: site, climate and Soil
•! • b«*t: no fot* nur cold winds: 3 buildings
Dow completed; We- tall Tract, adjoining East
Oakland: clo«« to electric car line, S<o-foot
buuli-xard k-.i Cne achi>ol; price, all told. 11*).
Call or i>end for circular. CS Seventh Ft., near
ovor. 1.- *.lt\.o. Oukland; carriage free.
HENRY A JONES, owner.
WANTED— A reliable man to buy an Interest
In one of the best paying manufacturing busi-
ness un the cm. *t. Address P. O. box 420.
Oakland. Cal.
« ELKOANT houKes In course of construction
on O4 rt., bet. Grova and West, 2 completed;
all modern ... work, aide-
walks done; uniall :;:?:n«-nt down: balance
monthly If desired: housea open for Inspection
10 to 4 Punflaya. J. If. SIMPSON. CIS SOth »t.
am BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Corner pn>i>erty: rent tfa.« >; equity J3M.POO;
Interest R per cent : will exchange, for a dralr-
a ola ran Tn canrornia.
XO-PAOE CATAI>">rGE.
I^arre !1»t of ranches for Kale and rent. E.
F.. BUNCE, 90S liroadway. Oakland.
FOR nale— lol feet on Market, lit on Twentieth.
t!4 yorty-Cfth «t.. Oakland.
trroo
!s raall prion for a HT»Y) bouse; think of It;
"-room house, with modern Improvements;
Al location and surrounding*: close to schools,
cars, etc; lot 4fvxiTS: get particulars. J. S.
MYERS, lixa RroaJway. Oakland.
UTOft-OniatNAL. coFt WJ». '
"Aa eventTul chatice"; T-roora house, bath.
. ga*. modem plumblr.g; atable; Cne location;
commanding ap;>eaiance: close to schools,
train, etc: on* seldom drops on to such a
bargain; first oonie. Crst —I J. 8.
TJTEnS, If; 2 nrondway. Oakland.
OAKXAKD iikmiuii: roil «\i.i:.
AN IntnNsuctlcn to you from H. Shellbaas. the
fqrr.irur" nth and Franklin. Oakland.
TO LEASE.
TO lease— Wanted by a farmer and dairyman
fmm the Eaat a ranch to leas* on shares or
ca»h retit. ltox 14:3. Call office.
WATCH 111 I'MKIM..
WATCHES cleaned TT>c: guaranteed ! yearn.
VI c it.iv Jew. :ry and <~»ptlcal Co.. M 0 Kearny. i
lIII.MI Ml I■• | s
DIVIPESD NOTICE.- Dividend No. 10 (Sic per
share) of th« PAAL'HATJ ttTJOAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY will lie payable at the oflW
of the company. 327 Market street, on and
afw-r Monday. JJecember 11. lsys. Transfer
banks will cl^e »n Tuesday. December 6. 1&»,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
—^__-__^^___^_^__ ' Secretary.
Lii:« A L A II V BRTISBMB STS.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California.— the I
matter of Occidental Bert Sugar Company, a
corporation, upon Its application for a Judg- ,
ment of dlksolutlon.— Notice No. 70.422.
Notice U hereby giien that OCCIDENTAL
UEET SV<iAR COMPANY, a corporation or-
ganized and existing under and by virtue of
the laws of the State of California, and hay- '
ing us office and place or business In the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, has Oled a verified application ad-
«Jre**»d to the Superior Court of the city and
*vur.ty of San Francisco. State of California,
which application is signed by a majority of
th* Board of Director*, praying for a Judg-
ment of dissolution of said corporation, and
that Friday. December ITnd. ISM. at 10 o'clock
a m.. at the courtroom of said court. De- I
partment Number Twc. In the city Hall of i
ih- City and County of San Francisco, have
been appointed a* the day. time and place for i
ib«- bearing of said application.
In «:■:.-• whereof I have hereunto net my
bund and affixed the official real of said Su-
perior «"ourt. this 2<lh day of November. ISS9.
IJ^«IJ WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
Hy JOKErH RIORDAN. Deputy Clerk.
Kndrr*>«l: Filed November ». l«t?J. WM.
A. DEANE. Clerk. By JOSEPH RIORDAN.
Deputy Clerk.
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
■
■
■
:3 — ffIAEEIAGES — DEATHS.
■
■nd be
■ hed.
BORN.
nn<"»TV"N-In t!;ls city. November 27. 1«? J. to
»hf wife of Bannael J. Brown, a daughter.
GOLDMAN— In this city. November 26 IKS* tO
the wife of Al»«rt OoMman. a daughter.'
XIAMM<«Nn— In I!yn>n. Cal.. Novemtwr 2C 1«?5 !
to the wife of Dr. James W. Hammond «nee !
H'-i-rrn.an of Ft. Helena), a *'>n.
lIARDHMAX-In this city. November ZD. 1593
to thr vif,- of T. V. Harrteman. a son.
HEYMAN-In this city. November 26. I<W to
the wife of Pani H.yman. a son.
XUTS'-HMIIfT-ln lh!>i city. Nm-ember 2« ISS9
to the wire r,f I,, U is A. Hufschmidt. a daugh- '
t*r
Jt»HN-In this city. November 2*. ISM. to the
wife r,f William John, a daughter
XJAFSET-In this city. Novem!«-r 22 ISW to
th- wire <1 <lc<.t7ix> L. MaFR?y. a daughter
nA 7r U ~} n v* il , u £" i ' Noywaber 22. isss. to the I
wif.. r1 Y. 3. Rath, a daughter.
lUgCHEBrBCn-Ia this city. November 22
l" 1^. to the wife of Gustaf Rlschcbusch. a
(lau^hit-r.
BTFKRF— In Alameda, November 2S. >t>». to i
the wife of ',•-.:.■ steers, a daughter.
WIKLIAMSON-In thin city. November 28 18?»
ti the wife of «-. Wllllajny<.n. a daughter. '
MARRIED.
CRF.EN-BIG<3ART-In this city. November so I
Ittt. by the Itev. J. p. Dickon. John Gre»-n
.ml SHena ltimart. both of Han Francisco
UtSEXU-BX\njPXCaa-=-lB Oakland. Noveta-
»<r 2S. JHK9. hy the lc^-. J. H. Theism. John
JTcNdJ nnd Katte Frances Sauljiaugh
McNrLTV-HTANLKT-Tn this city. November
'iV £& by the I{ev - l> Nu«. m. . rge H.
McNulty and Ko?e Stanley.
FMITH-KULLIVAN-ln this city. No\-ember
2S. IS*V at St. I'etcra <."hurch, by the Rev.
I . C. lorke. Oeorge A. Kmlth and Teresa A.
Sullivan.
TTRNi:iI-nKNVKR-In Holllster. November
». XkM. by the |u-v. J. W . Bryant. T U
Turner and Mlnetta Drnvtr.
DIED.
Bailey. IVmald Vf. Llpman. Henry
Bergin. James Maliin, Mary
Bergln. Joseph Neely. Wllllata
Oarr. Man Reed. John J
Grothou*. Ferdinand Rothschild. Anita
Feirr. Isldnr Runacll, Joseph K.
Htunllton. Frederick R.\an. James
Huni. Orahara Toml'.nson. JoseDh
IClly. Michael L. Tyson. Su-Ela
I*-ach. Mr* Minnie Watson, Christina S.
l*..erer. Charles BsMka, Katie
BAILEY-December 1. ■ML Ronald Whltcomb
UaJley. beloved r.m of J. Murray and Belinda
b. Bailey, and brother of Vivian and Law-
rence Anthony Baliey, a natl\ - e of San Fran-
d»on. aged 12 years (f months and 11 daya.
BKXtGIX— In this cJty. IVcember J. :8». James
lieloved twin son of Michael and Annie Ber-
gln. a nstlve of &in Franc!?co. aired 1 month
and 14 days.
BEROIN— In this city. November SO. •>». Jo-
jei.h. brloved twin *on of Michael and Annie
Berlin, a natlv. of Fan Francisco, aged 1
month and .1 day«. fc
CARK-In this city. Noveml^r 11 i«.« i;, rv
dearly beloved wife of Thomas i"arr «n,i
rm.ther of Hazel May o»rr. I native cf San
Itancisfo. aged 2* years.
GIU»TH<»t;B— In Honoma. r*ec*mbfr l '!«•«
Ferdinand, beloved husband of Hannah
«;rot»ic-j*. and brother-in-law of Divid ttn d
Thomas rtotejr, a native of Osnabruck Ger-
many, ared 00 yeaj-s.
(rVFrlends and acquaintances are rr^r^ct
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Monday), nt >:20 o'clock, from the narkrs
of J. C. OTonmir & Co.. TC7 Mls-nm Vtr.>et
thence to 6t. Francis Church, where a aoH
emn requiem hip h n:n«? will be r-<-;.i, 1: ..,.,j f rtr
the reT<o*e <>f his poul. commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery-
yiZVT.n— ln Oakland. November 30. iwj Isldor
Tcder. t*lr>ved hurbnnd rf Vetta Feder. and
father of Mrs. Meyer Levy, a native of Wit-
kanwn. Germany, aged Ct years 1 month aad
17 dsys.
C7Fnenas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
«s=un4ay). at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
hl« son-in-law. Meyer Levy. 1003 Adeline
rtre*t. Oakland. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. •
HAMILTON— At hIK r^H^nr*.. near Hay ward*.
Urcembr 1. l'f». FredwJrk K. Hamilton, a
nntlr<? of Maine. aged «6 ; far? and 10 month*.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(limiaiiri tn Flannairan A G«lK«h--).
rUNEUAL. DIRECTOKS AND KM R ALMS tie.
SO riftb ft., cppc«lte LlriCJla ocbool.
TcUpboa* bouts to.
BUBO In this city. December 5, ISW. Omham
Hurt, a natl\-* of ConnecUcut, aired 83 rear*.
XXI.I.V In this city, December 2. ISM. Michael
I*, beloved husband of Idella Kellj-, and
father of Mary Ix>r»tto. Gencvleve R«*« and
William A. Kelly, a native of Dublin. Ire-
land, aced '3 yearn 7 months and 1* >ia.\».
(ValleJo papers please copy.)
ryNotlce of funeral hereafter.
I LJ-A(-H-ln Oakland. December 2. IW, Mrs.
; Minnie Laarh. beloved wife of th» late John
| 11. I^a.h. and belo\-ed mother of Mrs. Hlrdle
, IMce, Colonel I^each and Russell I*<ach, a na-
• tlve of BrlglUon. Ontario, atred 6J >«ir» and
; 10 months.
e.Tr.-r and acquaintances «re respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral i>ervlcea
to-morrow (Monday), at : o'clock, at the
Pullman Hotel, West Oakland.
• LEDERKR— In this city. l>ecembor !. I*9*. at
: his residence. IIC2 Push rtrect. Charles, hus-
band of Amelia Lederer. and father of ltu-
di.lf. Arthur. Anna, i':.rrle. Max and Leo
I^ederer. a native of Austria, a«t-d CJ years
' 1 month and 14 days.
! HAN —In this city. December 2. 1599.
| Henr>'. beloved husband of Yetta I.lpman.
, father of Isaddr and Mervyn l,l;,man. and
, brother of Ml J. A Alexander. Mr*. B.
HlrshMd. Mrs. M. H. Marks. Mrs. A. Erb
'. and Leopold L,ii-tnari. acrd €1 years and C
months.
MAHAN— In this city. November 30. ISS3, Mary.
! lieloxed wife of Joseph Mahan, daughter of
• the late Michael anil Margaret Ihilti-n. and
filter of William and Kate Dalton. Mrs. R.
0 - Connor and the lute John P. Dalton. a na-
tive of San Francisco.
K7FTi«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. Jl9 Flllmore street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NEKLY-ln West Oakland. December 2. IM9.
William, beloved husband of Susan M. Ne*ly,
a native of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 75 years.
«L7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence if
11 li. Crandall. 15. r * Eighth street. West Oak-
land.
R.EEI>— At Reeds Station, Marln County. De-
cember 1. 1599, John Joseph Reed. beloved
husband of Carlotta Reed, and father of John
P. and Clotilda Read, a native of the Presi-
dio of San Francisco, ajced C 2 years & months
and 15 days.
C "The remains will be taken from his late
i residence to-morrow (Monday) by train to San
Rafael, leaving Reeds Station at 10:15 o'clock,
, thence to the Masonic Hall. San Rafael,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Marln L»>dre. F. and A. M.. com-
mencing at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Tarn-
i nlpals Ometery.
• ROTHSCHILD— In this city. November 30. J««.
Anita, beloved daughter of Mrs. Rebecca and
■ the late Henry Rothschild, and sister of Miss
Rose. Fred and Henry Rothschild, a native of
San VranclEco. aged <! years and 20 days.
C^TThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday », at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
, her mother, sir. Polk street, between Ellis and
O'F^rrell. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
RL'SSELI^-In this city. December 1. IIW. Jo-
seph E.. beloved son of Margaret and the late
John Russell, and brother of S. D.. Frank,
i Oeorge K. and Charles Russell and Mrs. Wll-
1 : Hat: Doyle, a native of • field. Cal.. aged 28
years 10 months and 4 days.
C^Friends and acquaintance* are, respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
• Monday), at £:3o o'clock, from the resl-
: d.-nee of his mother. Menlo Park, thence to ,
the Catholic Church, where a solemn re-
<jui^m maaa will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing ut 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment at Menlo Park.
1 RYAN— In tills city. December 1. IW. James
Ryan, beloved husband of Margaret Ryan,
anil father of Thomas Ryan, a native of Ire-
land, aged f.2 years and 8 months. A mem-
ber of George H. Thomas Post No. 2,
O. A. R.
>iend^ and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnv<ted to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at *:4.'i o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. T>ll Prannan Ftreet, thence to St.
Ro«e's Church at 9 o'clock, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
f-f his soul. Interment Holy Cram Cemetery.
TOMLINSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. December 2. I<W. Joseph Tomllnson. a
native of Canuda, aged 12 years.
I TYSON— In this city. December 1, ISD9. at her '
residence. CI4A Powell street. Su-Ela. be-
loved daughter of Jacob and Susan Tyson,
and plater of Charles. Frances, Warren,
Jame« and Raymond Tyson and Mrs. J.
' Morchio. a native of San Francisco, aged 21 I
year* 3 months and IS days. A member of j
Fremont Parlor No. BS. N. D. O. W.
C7"Frlenils and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday*, at 2 o'clock; from the parlora of
the California I'ndertaking Company, 4 f >s
Povrell street, near Post. Remains can be j
viewed at the parlors of the California In- |
dertaklnp Company this day and Sunday. In-
tf-rrr.ent Laurel Hill Ometery.
WATSON— In Applegate. Placer County, De-
cember 1, ISS9. Christina B. Watson.
tC7"The funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Brown'a under-
taking parlors, Oakland. Interment Moun- {
tain View Cemetery.
I 7,\ HL.KE In this city. December 1. IS9J. Katie !
Zuhlke. beloved wife of (leorge Zuhlke. and .
darghter of J. P.. Price, a native ,if Balti-
more, Md., aged 40 years and 1 month. (Bal-
timore papers please copy.)
C7"The funeral services will take place
this day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at the parlors
of 11. K. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate.
CARD OF THANKS.
HOORMAKN-^. the unner?i?ne,l. wish to ex-
i<*n<l to all friends and a<*o<jaintanc«a my
heartfelt thanks and a:>i>re,-utlon for their
attendance nnd tloral tributes during my late
bereavement <>f husband.
MRS. KMSE HOORMANN (widow).
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
F F Bhnrple«9. Madura I- Hunt. X T
H A Ncame. 1- : lon •- Bradley. Singapore
]V I. Harry, Stanford I X Sawyer. Manila
I T Knowle*. Oakland Jl* McCoy. \ V
II S Ijf*: Stanford T Lemon. Shanghai
A Smith. Stanford It l>ordham. Calcutta
A VV '•'»;. S Rafael Ml»s I'ernne. Ohio
Mr* Fisher. Sn HaTael Mlfw J Itarney, Va
A Robertson. L'RN Miss A Itarney, Va
! V.<i Zobelein. Loa Ann ; Albert Cabaret. I'arla
I Mrs 7Jjt>eletn. Los An* : a H Mum • r. Japan
H Hebel. Chlcaso 'X Gu^ffenhelm, Ja|>an
H H Hi-man, La B II Kuhn. Yokohama
<• !• Urexlau. Saa Joa* I Mrs A F Kent. it I
C V. Potter, I>etrolt Mrs W G Kent. R I
Mrs Potter. I>»-trolt A M Y.'un*,-. Honolulu
H S KoKenbaura. X T \V HHtmann. Kobe
I A C Kourkp, M.ti^K J Edelst»?ner, Russia
I <}<hj F liasilear. NT B Planashlnkow. Kui
C A lUlreirh. la IF V. Fernald, Japan
I G A Clark. I'alo Alto IC W Clifton. Formosa.
S Carton. Oroviand jU A Towne. Sacto
li H Sand!-b.'nr<T. Cal | M .1 Walsh, Mexico
H T IJ.-okley. I'alo Alto Mrs Walsh. Mexico
W A I'ownlnr. Cal '» Chamberlain. N II
It V Wilson. Kerkeley V G Murphy, I'alo Alto
A I>unne. Stanford nil Brady, Berkeley
W H McLymot, Fresno; C E Hume. Berkeley
F II Hubbard. NY It I Wheeler. Berkeley
<: Valentine. V Mrs W i.-l. r Berkeley
Wm Graham. HanfleM |C S FhanliUn. Chicago
X R Grnhar^ Hannpld,*'! i- - >,k.t. Germany
R Mcl I>oyie. VI sal la |E MeaJ. Cheyenne
I.' It I.ij.Hti. v, i; XX JC . [din. Lon»t Bmch
i: F Milllkt-n. NY .1 W s; -in,. Iji Brnch
Q KinKwell. Australia F M Taylor. Ln Brnch
A Johns in, Australia C C Lowe. Los Angeles
Mr I'ußh. Hnplanil Ml: ! lay ford I" s N
Mrs I'ujjh. England "i: Kennedy, B C
Ml Mil I'ujch. Knuland 1
GRAND HOTEL.
A Ekman. Oravflta A I. Bunt, Chicago
G •nil. Cal A R Anaßslu. China
Dr Z T M.-ikIII. Cal MIM tJrlswold. S Jose
R X Jones & w, Ohio J J Cunningham & w.
; Miss L Weiimlnster, Vallejo
iAke County r, H Koster & w. Cal
X Wellmln«ter. Lake C .1 1" Devendorf. S Jose
Mrs A W Kelson, CaljO A Dougherty. Cal
, S Blake. Berkeley C it Bills, San Jose
L Childs, San Joae 'Mrs F \v Heintzelman.
II L Franc. San Jose | Sacramento
II R Smith San Jcse A I Street Cal
G B MoGl A y. Cal 18 L Walton. San Joe*
V Collier. Stanford I. W Walton. San Jose
II S McGllvray. Cal !Mm Deller &a, Cal
H McMv- ». Syracuse Mrs W a Maxwell. Al-
C C CLi on. Butte | buquerque
W H Millar. H.-uif ! Mr# r: D Harper A d.
Mlfs Yon Duzen, Sacto Albuquerque
'■ A J Pillsbury. Cj.l 111 P Hendy. Taeoma
F I Rice. Bakersfleld '■ P C Reed i w ("al
W II <; Trevar. Rutte.A J Holcomb. ' Cal
W A Maxwell. X Met B M Oarr. Pinole
T R Lombard & w, Cal Miss Canedr. Sacto
Mrs Mi: Curtis. L A II Clark. San Jose
A T Johnston. Toronto Mrs Chnstam. Cal
Mix* A E Johnston. Mr* Decker, Oal
Toronto H C Davis. New Tork
J H McMurdy. S Lake Mrs C Wauph. Chicago
<• W Jackson. Dawnon T R Carmack. Denver
Mrs P X <;arn»tt Ad. M;«> A F Philips Oakl
Will C Lather, Milwaukee
Mrs C C Jones. Ky J A Seymour. Minn
Mrs Jacknon, Fresno J \v Holman. Portland
Miss B Jackson, Cal 'Miss M Johant. Cal
MONTHLY REPORT OF
ARRESTS AND CONVICTIONS
Corporal 11. Cllls submitted his report
of arrests made during the month of No
vember to Chief of Police Lose last night.
There were 2576 arrests: 1541 were taken
In for beinj; drunk; 146 for disturbing the
peace; ISO for vagrancy; 73 for battery;
42 for petty larceny: 14 for grand larceny:
3 for murder; C for manslaughter; 3 for
forgery and others for numerous petty
offenses.
The Chinatown squad arrested 272 Chi
nese and 26 whites during the past month
for keeping and visiting Chinese gambling
houses. Fourteen hundred and eighty
five dollars was collected in fines and for
feitures and 207 convictions were recorded.
■ m ■
Hand Crushed In a Press.
Bernard Peterson, aged 15 year* and re
siding at 22 Clinton Park, got his left
hand crushed In a press at 425 Mont
gomery street last night. At the Harbor
Hospital It was found necessary to am
putate the four flnpers and a portion of
the thumb. Drs. Cherry and Thompson
performed the operation.
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBEB 3, 1899.
NOTHING LEFT
OF THE WEEOTT
Vessel Is Completely
Broken Up.
HEROISM OF CHARLES RENIER
RESCUED PEOPLE OWE THEZR
LIVES TO HIM.
Swam Ashore, Climbed Over Bocks
Which Cut and Bruised His
Body, and Summoned
Assistance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EUREKA. Dec. 2.-All that remains of
t^e steamer Wpeott. which was wr-*cked
last night on the south Jetty at the en
trance of Hurnboldt bar. Is a muss of
, wreckage scattered alon? the
bench for miles. During the night the
1 vessel pounded herself to pieces until The
last vestige had followed Its fellow to the
beach on the flood tide.
The steamer had laid outside all day,
and as the bar appeared smoother and as
night drew near. Captain Burtls deter
l mtn*d to cross In. Perhaps half the dis
j tance had bt-en covered when heavy seas
swept over the fated vessel, smashing her
after housing and breaking one of the
big steam pipes. Helplessly the ship 1c-
I gun to drift toward the rocks of the
jetty, and a short time afterward struik
heavily at a point about half a mile in
side the bar, but at a point where the
t-'-n wh!» In a fearful turmoil.
At this ;lni.» the splendid heroism of
Second Officer Charles Renler was dis
played. It was apparent that the vessel
could not last lung In such a sea and
Itenier volunteered to attempt to swim to
the trestle with a lifeline. Dotting most
of his clothes and strapping a life-pre
server about his body, tha brave man
Jumped overboard and began a desperate
nand-to-hand battle with the angry
waves. Through boiling waters he made
his way, most of the time under water,
to attempt a landing on the sharp and
partly covered rocks which were sur
mounted by the trestle used while the
breakwater was in course of construc
tion.
Bleeding from contact with the sharp
rocks, he finally caught hold of one of
the barnacle-covered piles, and with his
remaining strength managed to climb to
the top and establish practical communi
cation with places of comparative safety.
To this man most of those aboard owe
their lives, for the life-saving vn-w used
the communication thus established In
rescuing the passengers and crew.
Captain Burtls, Chief Engineer H. K.
Bodner and First < >ili. . r Eusha Morgan
also did valiant and able service during
the work of rescue. It was while seeking;
for Fireman guinn. whose leg was
broken and whom he afterward succeed
ed in saving, thai Captain Burtis stum
bled down a coal hatch and was severely
injured. He was the last man to leave
the Up, and In leaving was obliged to
cut himself loose and be hauled to the
trestle through the seething waters. The
chief engineer, while seeking and assist
ing passengers, discovered Mrs. William
Staples pinned down amid the wreckage
of the demolished housing, and refused to
abandon her to her fate, although the
vessel was at the tim»« threatening to go
to pieces. The unfortunate lady was
finally extricated from her perilous posi
tion and conveyed by ■ sling to the
trestle. She was badly Injured, however,
her spine being fractured, and after being
removed to the life-saving station it waj
discovered that the whole lower part of
her body was paralysed, it Is doubtful* if
she will survive her Injuries.
The body of one victim. Mrs. Car
mlchael. floated Into the bay this morning
and was picked up by a couple of young
men. A life-preserver had prevented it
from sinking and It had come In on the
Hood tide. Th" body of Carpenter Wilson
has not been recovered. Injured Fireman
Quinn is expected to recover.
WERE FIREMEN WHEN
THE CITY WAS YOUNG
ANNIVERSARY OF ORGANIZING
A PAID DEPARTMENT.
Veterans Gather at a Banquet and
Tell of Times When They Ran
With the "Old Masheen."
Thirty-throe years apo last night the
Ban Francisco paid lire department was
onranized and a few weeks later the old
volunteer brigade that figured so promi
nently in the history of pioneer days went
out of existence. The event was cele
brated by the second annual banquet of
the Veteran Firemen's Association held
at a well-known rotisserie, at which near
ly one hundred vets taxed the waiters'
patience and retold anecdotes of old
, times.
The banquet was declared at the begin
ning, by President Kennard, to be devoid
<>: all cold formality and his idea was car
ried out. even to the dispersing of the
' merry crowd some time this morning to
i the music of "A Hot Time." For two
hours the veterans and a few who were
not vet* struggled manfully with the
menu, which by a freak of fate was
printed in French. Director Truman .x
plained that the Parisian flavor to th.
souvenir card was nut his specialty, but
his expression of confidence that no mat
ter how the courses were named the- vet
erans would acquit themselves valiantly
', In attackii., • proved to be well grouri'leu.
Crevette, pommo Duchesse, canard, chou>
i fleur au gratin, dlndc farcis and fromage
proved to be as acceptable to the white
headed men who, a generation ago
1 grasped a rope and ran with the old ma
chine, as If they were Just plain duck, po
■ tato, turkey and cheese.
Whenever interest lagged for an in
stant some one suggested that "another
; hose be- unrolled," and If the waiters in
their desire to be diligent cheated Uncle
Sam out of a few war stamps It was not
their fault.
Several of the vets made short speeches,
and led by the band songs were frequent.
The officers of the association who ar
ranged the banquet are: Chief George W
Kennard. president; Captain Richard Cox
Brat vice president: Thomas R. Carew
second vice president; William G. Cue,
secretary; J. B. Barber, financial secre
tary; Fred C. Hensley. treasurer: Captain
James T. Bonifleld. marshal; Charles Bell
sergeant at arms. Board of directors—
A. B. Truman. Captain J. Mahonev Cap
: tain James Grady. Captain J. W. Kcntzel
Thomas Sawyer. R. J. Courtier. Captain
Samuel McDowell. Committee of arrange
ments—Thomas R. Carew (chairman)
James T. Bonlfield. F. C. Hensley.
GARDEN OF ROSES.
There Is a garden of flowers blooming
at Kennedys art gallery on Post street
It 1» true that the flowers are painted
but the artist. Paul de Longpre. has given
such true touches to the canvas that one
can hardly believe that the blossoms are
I MU.
Paul o> I^ongpre has pained world-wide
celebrity as a flower painter. One must
nee what he can do in order to comure
hend the perfection of his work Tho
artist baa established a home [q i >os j^ n .
K<-les and Is now a Callfornian In a
word painting of California Bret Harte
gave the picture: "Half a year ..f cloud
and tlowers. half a year of du*t and
lie Longpre is now on the scene to
provide BoWMI all the year around One
.igo he said to friends In New
Yurk: "I am going to the Pacific ■ -
for the purpose of studying the flowers
of California. I have never been In that
wonderful country, but every one tells me
that I will be delighted and that 1 will
find flowers that have not been painted
by any artists. I .shall study the flowtrs
paint them and exhibit them."
The artist came to California and found
that the half had not been tr>ld regarding
the floral wealth of this land. The pru
pect so delighted him that he "settled
down" in a homo on Figueroa street. 1.,.-!
Angeles. He was in San Francisco last
w<-ok, hut went south again, expecting to
return here to-morrow and await the
coming of Mrs. Stanford.
SAMOAN TREATY
NOW IN EFFECT
Signatures Affixed to
the Document.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, HEADQUARTERS, WELLING- :
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.-
Secretary Hay, Lord Pauncefote and Herr
yon Holleben. on behalf of their re-
Hpectlve governments, to-day Flgned the
treaty for the partition of Samoa. The
ceremony took place In the diplomatic
room of the State Department, There
was no preliminary discussion, as tho
three officials agreed on Wednesday last
to the text of the convention and a com
parlHon was made at the department yes
terday of the German and English texts.
The treaty was signed In triplicate. Sec
retary Hay affixing his signature first to
the American copy, the German Embas
sador being followed by Lord fauncefote.
The German Embassador signed the
German copy first, the British Embassa
dor and Secretary Hay signing In the
| order named, and ilnally the British copy
| was signed. Lord Pauncefote first atlU
lng his signature and German and Ameri
can representatives following htm.
The treaty will be submitted to the Sen
ate after the President submits his an
nual message. In which will be incorpo
rated a paragraph referring In congratu
latory terms to the conclusion of the con
dominium and the advantages which the
I nlted States has obtained by the parti
tion of the Saniuan group.
As has been repeatedly stated, the
treaty provides: First— all treaties
in existence between the signatory pow
ers relative to the Samoan Islands are ab
rogated. Second— That Great Britain and
Germany cede to the United States all
their rights and claims to the Islands
east of the one hundred and seventy-first
degree of longitude, Including Tutulki and
subsidiary islands; and Great Britain, and
the United States cede to Germany all
their rights and claims to the islands
west of the one hundred and seventy-flrst
degree of longitude— Savall and Upolu.
Finally, the signatory powers should con
tinue to enjoy for commercial purposes
all privileges possessed by the sovereign
power in the ports opened to them. ,
From what I was able to learn to-day
the signing of the treaty Is the end to
ward which the administration has been
working for a year— since the dis- i
pute arose as to the successor of Malletoa
as King of Samoa. The President and
Secretary Hay have been anxious to
withdraw from an alliance so entangling
in character and filled with complications,
and consequently when the negotiations
for the partition of Samoa began in Sep- i
tember they were only too willing to con
sent to the abrogation of the Berlin
treaty, provided American lights were
fully protected. The administration be
lieves that ratification of the treaty will
be obtained, though it is expected that
the anti-imperialists will make a strong
fight against it. and especially in view of
the great advantages which this Govern
ment has obtained, particularly in the
matter of the acquisition of Pago Pago,
described by naval ollieers as the finest
harbor in the South Pacific.
FNTERESTS THE COAST.
Postoffices and Army Orders Pen
sions Granted.
"WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.—Representa
tive Need bam, accompanied by Represen
tative Grosvenor of Ohio, « as received
to-day fay President McKir.ley. Mr.
Needham had nothing to ask of the Pres
ident at the time, but made arrangement*
to have a talk with him next week. He
was congratulated by Mr. McKinlev en
his success in the . Seventh California
District, as the same has Leen 10..k--l
upon by officials here as a Populist
stronghoH.
.J 1 is generally believed in Washington
that the slate made by various Senators
in town roh.tiv, to the reorganisation of
that body includes a place lor the Pa
cific Coast. The place to be awarded is
that of chief clerk of the Senate, and the
probable appointee will not be named un
til senator Perkins arrives to-morrow
A postofflce was to-day established at
Talbert, Orange County, and Thomas It.
T S.u rt vai appointed Postmaster.
The name of the postofflce at Sherman
ton, Los Angeles County, has been
changed to Sherman. L. J. Quint has been
appointed Postmaster at said place
Army orders: By direction of the As
sistant Secretary of War. Commissary
Sergeant Charles A. Portlner of San Di
ego . irracks win be sent to the Philip
pine Islands; Commissary Sergeant Maxi
milian J. Loewldt of Port Mason will '•<?
sent to th- Philippine Islands; Commis
sary Sergeant James Jennings of Fort
My< r will be sent to me Presidio San
Francisco: Commissary Sergeant Garret
O Illy, now in the hospital at the Pre
sidio. San Francisco, la relieved from duty
in the Philippine Islands. He will report
to the commanding officer of the Presidio
Commissary Sergeant William M. Clint!
now at ramp Meade. will be sent to tha
Presidio, Ban Francisco. The following
named enlisted men stationed at the Pre
sidio. San Francisco, win be sent to the
general hospital at Hot Springs: Private
Met Debots of Company M. Third Infan
try; Corporal Alvin A. Wills and Private
Charles A. Smith of Company F. Ninth
Infantry; Private Ardeth Hart of Com
pany A. Twelfth Infantry: Private Hurt
v alcott of Company D. Fourteenth In
.entry; Private George Huber of Com
pany F. Seventeenth Infantry; Private
i-ee Tucker of Company I, Twenty-second
Infantry- Private Arthur Robinson of th«
. wenty-fourth Infantry: Private Robert
Ray of Company M. Thirty-first Infan
try, volunteers; Acting Hospital Steward
Edward Lee Raines and Privates Jim
< oifeyman and John A. Durst of the hos
ji.tul corps. Commissary Sergeant John
C. Walser, now in the hospital at the
Presidio, San Francisco, from the Philip
pine Islands, is transferred to the com
manding officer of that post for duty
Commissary Sergeant William H. v.»' )f
of Fort Schuyler will be sent to the Pre
sidio. San Francisco. Commissary s. i
c*ant Patrick J. Blake of the Presidio,
an l«rancisco. is transferred to the Phil
ippine Islands.
Pensions— California: Original— Erastu3
Barnes, Pomona. $6. Additional— David
C. \\ mans, Santa Ana. $6 to $8. Increase
—Hugh Kirk. Blocksburg. $8 to $I<s; Pat
rick Carroll. San Francisco. $S to $10.
Original widows, etc.— Florence Labaree,
San Francisco. $8. Special accrued, No
vember 2" Catherine Smith. Grass Val
ley. K. War with Spain, widows—
S. Armstrong. Santa Clara. $12.
Washington: Original— S. Wat
son. Montesano. $8; Lester N. Boyd. Col
fax, $6. Increase— Marvin Lathrop. olym
pla. $12 to $17: Casenar Bernard. Port An
geles, $8 tojn^
CARRIED AWAY TOOLS
IN THE EARLY HOURS
Chief of Police Lees was notified last
night that a rang of thieves Invaded the
quarry of Warren & Malley, on tho San
Bruno road, and In the absence of tho
workmen carried away tools valued at
$100 and did damage to the extent of $200.
William E. Warren, a son of the senior
member of the firm, made the report of
the depredation and Detectives Ryan and
ODea were, immediately detailed to ap
prehend the guilty parties. According 'o
Mr Warren the robbers visited the quar
ry shortly after midnight Friday and af
ter forcing open the door of the house in
which the tools were stored, proceeded to
pick out the finest In the lot. In their
search for plunder they broke open a
number of small boxes and carried their
contents away. A large chest containing
dies and implements used In blasting was
found 300 feet from the storehouse de
spoiled of its contents. The robbery was
discovered early Saturday morning. It
was so complete- that a number of the
workmen were laid off until now tools
could be procured.
Suspicion has fallen on the Bay View
gang, which hangs around the neighbor
hood. The members of the rang are look
ed upon by the police as bad characters.
One of the ringleaders Is Frank Shea, a
nervy young man, who not long since dis
posed of a sack of sand to a grocer as
sugar. The Bay View gang Is familiar
with the doings at the quarry and it is
believed nome of Its members waited until
the place was deserted and then de
scended on It and completed their whole
sale robbery.
A watchman now guards the place and
thieves will receive a warm reception
should they attempt to rob It a second
time.
WILLIAM'S NAVAL
BILL WILL PASS
Certain of Success in the
Reichstag.
• .
EFFECT OF THE MEASURE
•
WOULD MAKE GERMANY GREAT
MARITIME POWER.
»
Whole Energy of the Emperor and
the Government Directed Toward
— Carrying Out This
Purpose.
«
Copyrighted, ISM. by the Associated Press.
BERLIN. Dec. '.-After a fortnight of
preliminary skirmishing the Reichstag
during the coming week will begin se
rious work, starting with the first read
ing of the budget, which always leads
to serious and heated debates, the im
portant part of which will be the advance
of the tight for and against the new naval
bill. The whole energy of the Emperor
and the Government will be used toward
making the bill a law and thus securing
for Germany the second place In the
world as a naval power. After surveying
the parliamentary field It seems probable
that the bill will pa*s, as the whole right,
part of the center and a portion of the
left seem to favor its passage. No doubt
German public opinion overwhelmingly
favors the bill, as the people believe with
the Emperor that It is absolutely neces
sary for Germany's continued prestige us
a world power and for the extension of
| German trade and influence abroad. Bo-
Bides, the conviction is now held gener
ally here that France need not be feared
as a serious competitor militarily, she
having reached her ultimate limit in in
creasing her army and being, unable to
: compete with Germany's additional 15.
; 000.000 of inhabitants. Thus It may bo
said that Germany now has her handts
free for naval expansion.
The Government's purpose to transform
Emden. hitherto a small North Sea har
bor, into a first-class naval port, has be
come plainer every day. On exceptional
authority it is learned that these plans
' embrace the deepening of the river bed so
as to allow the largest warships to enter
the port. The first installment of 9,300,O | 0
marks for these improvements will reach
I the Prussian Diet after its reconvening.
The Government will also erect big naval
Shipyards and dry docks at Emdcn. The
dry. locks will be pushed so that a number
'. of the vessels demand by the new ntival
bill may be built at Kind' n.
The desirability of the United States
■ having suitable permanent embassies
abroad is again unpleasantly illustrated
by the humiliating experience "of Km
bassador White as cabled to the Asso
ciated Press on Wednesday, and by tli»>
fact just revealed that the Minister it
Vienna is undergoing a worse experience.
i Mr. White's trouble is likely to be tided
i over, as it is understood that the little
1 Government of Baden has offered to al-
I low the American Embassador to occupy
, the top flat of the building It purchased
! until the end of President McKinley's
j term. Since Mr. Harris arrived In Vienna
he has been vainly searching for a suit
able house. The difficulty Is the unwil
lingness of Austrian landlords to rent to
Americans.
Mr Harris' predecessor. Bartlett Tripp.
had a dispute with his landlord, and the
latter sued Mr. Tripp successfully. He
pleaded exterritoriality, but without ef
fect. Even the Vienna tradesmen are dis
inclined to supply any one connected with
! the legation unless paid in advance. Both
these incidents are causing much aston
ishment and talk in diplomatic circles at
Vienna and Berlin, and many disparaging
remarks have been made against the
United States' policy in this respect
Dr. yon Miquel. whose skill in financially
I squeezing the German subjects for the
benefit of the state is proverbial, has fall
. en a victim to his own tax gatherer*.
They have rejected Dr. yon Iflquera in
come tax return, declaring he omitted the
Income of the Bileslan estate, which Dr.
Miquel claims is unproductive. The con
troversy, which the courts probably will
have to decide, Involves only a small
amount, but the department Insists upon
Its alleged rights.
Mrs. William Walter Phelps has arrived
here. She and her daughter. Countess yon
Rottenberg. and Count yon Rottenberg
i will go to the Riviera for the winter.
Dr. yon Mumm Schwartzensteln. re
cently acting German Bmoassador at
! Washington, took luncheon with the, Em
peror to-day. The conversation turned
incidentally to American affairs an-. 1 the
surprising development of the United
States. Among the guests was Prir.co
Regent Albrecht of Brunswick, who told
about his recent mission to Spain. He
said the young King evinced considerable
i Intelligence, but that he was still kept
i from all state affairs and treated alto
gether as a child. .
Germany to-day renewed her prohibi
tion against the Importation of Rouma
( nian meat, issued in IMS, but Ions; !n
abeyance. _^^____^^^__
TEDDY HARTMAN IS
WITH US ONCE MORE
RETURNS TO FILL ENGAGEMENT
AT THE TIVOLI.
Will Open in "Tar and Tartar," in
Which He Made a Tremendous
Hit at Its Former Pro
duction.
Ferris Hartman, the comedian, the dty*l
own '"T-ddy." who kept it la-jghlnt; fir
many moons. r«-ti'rnt»d from hi* two
' Eastern vacation last night to fill
nn engagement at the TiVOIL A number
<>f Teddy's friends had gone to the ferry
depot to greet him and to wish bin \v>!-
I come home, and as the last of the over
land passengeri were coming ashore and
no Teddy huve In Might a rumor soon
spread that he had given the boys the
J>lip and would remain In Oakland a while
In order to make a quiet entrance later
In the evening. Just as the gates were
about to dose some one In the « % rowd spot
ted the Jolly comedian and for the next
f<w mlnutefl there was nothing but hand
shaking and "Never felt better In my
llf»'" In answer to the oft-asked question.
Hartman looked the picture 01 health
and ready money, ton. His latest "Lun
non" suit of Bcotcb pin Id, *et off r,v a
cream-colored Alpine hat with a light
a la Turk band, giivr him the *ppearnn<-e
of a well-to-do Englishman on a globe
trotting "xpedltlon.
"Yes. indeed." s.il-1 Hartman. "I am
glad to be once more Ir. old Frisco, the
one garden snot on earth. I have be*»n
trying for more than a year to make ar
rangements with Manager Leilerer .o re
turn home and I have at last succeeded in
land ling my engaKoment with him for
no other purpose than to c**t bncK to
Frisco. I open next Saturday night In
"Tar and Tartar" and I «tm satisfied th.it
j with the theater-goinc people that opera
] will be a go. It made a big hit nere br
for« and I will do all I can to helo re
peat the success."
Minnie Adams Wants New Trial.
Argument on a motion for a new trlnl
for Minnie Adams, convicted of the mur
der of her Infant son. John RlchnJ
Gray, was continued before Juog« Lawlci
yesterday. The defense claims thnt ns
the Jury remained one night In the Or|.-1
Hotel ami was necestanlv divided
through the fact that no room in the
house contained twelve beds. It Is ground
for a new trial. They claim that a di
vision of the Jury Is not permissible un
der the law and that hence il-e defendant
should be granted a new trial.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Page Nineteen.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLT.'W— Arrived Nov 10— Schr Okano
gan. from Port Townsend: Br bark Dominion
from Newea»tle. Aus. Xov IJ-- Ptmr Conr
maußh. hence Not 4; itrar LeeJanaw. hence
Nov 3. Nov 14— Haw ship Hawaiian Isles, from
Newcastle, Aus. Nov 15— Stmr Pennsylvania,
from Portland, Or: stmr Olympla. from Port
land. Or; Nor stmr Slam, from Manila. Nov
1«— Haw bark Mauna Ala. hence Oct W. schr
Oceania Vance, from Newcastle. Au«; bktn
Skagit. from Port Gamble; stmr China, hence
Nov 9. Nov 17— Schr Aloha, hence Oct 21. Nov
19— U S stmr Solace, hence Nov 11. Nov 22—
Stmr Australia, hence Nov IS; stmr City of
Sydney, hence Nov 14; Ur stmr Lennox, from
Portland; schr G W Watson, from Tacoma.
Nov 23— Bark Albert, hence Oct 29; Ur stmr
Warrimoo. from Sydney; Mr stmr I 'a than, hnc
Nov 14. Nov 24— Br stmr Doric, hence Nov 17
Nov 10 — stmr Coptic, from Yokohama; Jnp
»tmr Toyo Marti, from Yokohama; U I »tmr
oil Coco Head (supposed to be Senator), stmr
coming from westward.
rnr Atlioninn. for Ma
nila. Nov l.V— Ship <*hns X Moodjr, f r Tn.-cma.
" Stmr China, for Yokohama No* 17 -
t«tmr Pennsylvania, f' r M.in:la: stmr o'smi.la,
for Manila. Hm i> IMIIII Conetnaugh. I
nlla. Nov IS— Stmr I/oelanaw. f..r
Nov 22— r S stmr Botac*. for Manila
Nov 23— Br stmr Warrlntoo, f'>r Victoria. X v
24— Br stmr I>->rl'-. I r V kohama. aMa
A HriKKs. fnr Pirt Angeles.
BTDNTST- Anircd Dec I— Bark Rufus X
Wood, from Tncoina.
OCKAM BTKAMERS.
NEW YORK— .-aile,l Dec 2— Stmr Camranla.
for Liverpool: -■■.." Spaarndam, for Rotterdam;
LJVERPOOI/ ' Dec 2-Stmr Etrurla.
fr.>m New York: *tmr Rhynland, from Phlla
'!f-:pli!;i: stmr L'ltonla. from Boston.
KOHE— Arrived Nov 3i> — Stmr Algca. from
Hongkong, for Ban Francisco.
HONGKONG Failed Nov »— Stmr CHy o:
London, for Tacoma.
Arrived :r» I as to Dec 2— Stmr Hongkong
Maru. from Son Francisco.
GENOA— Sailed Nov 2>— Stmr nathor. for
San Francisco.
NEW YORK— Arrived Per. 3. 1:12 a. m.—
Steamer Pretoria, from Hamburg and Ply
mouth.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steam.hip Co
w^ Steamers leave Broadway
JBHb»,w wharf, Han Francisco:
KB^ Fur Alaskan ports. 10 a.m..
iemUMa Dec. 2. 7 12. i:. -. T., Jan. 1,
IV& mB*E% ':<;,.■ to <-?>mi>;»n>'s steam-
' 3^W'<JB\| •" at Seattle
' daSscsuSßl For Victoria. Vancouver
tf^gSSJJM HI. C). Port Tnwn.^rid. Se-
***»3^ attle. Tacoma. Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
(Wsah.). 10 a. m.. Dec. 2. 7.
n 17 12 *7 Jan. 1. and «ver>- fifth day there-
after- rhat fe »i Seattle to this company *
f"lmer, for Alaska and O. N. R'y.: at Tacoroa
to tT P K'y • at Vancouver to C. P. Railway.
For Eureka '(liamboldt Bay). 2 p. m. Dec 5
10. 15. 70. >B. 30. Jan. 4. and every fifth day
th For* Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cayu-
I coa Port ' Harford (San Luis OMapo), Gaviota.
, Santa Bsrr.ara. Ventura. Hueneme San P«dro
E«iM San Pedro ll^.s Angela) and Newport, 9
lam De<- S. «. 10. 14. IS. 22. 2«. JO. Jan. 3.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Lulu Oblnpo). Santa Barbara. Port
Ijon Anitelei and Hedondo (I-os Angeles). 1:
•f m Dec. *• *• «. 18 . M - 24 « w - Jaa - U * nd
every "fourth day thereafter.
For En»en«da. Magdalena Bay. Sun Jose del
' Cabo MaaatUn. Altata. 1^ Par Santa I'.osa-
! lla and Guaymas (Mes.). 10 a. m.. .th of each
month. .
For further Information obtain company s
' folder. . " . .
The. company re«enres the right to change
I without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
• arfi hour** r.t mlllnir.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
; street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Arts.,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
' DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS to
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC *'2 Flrnt Clans Including Bert*
IAiIL 88 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA November 23
STATE OF CALIFORNIA November 24
Short Lin- to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena an.l all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
£30 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KT.W TOBK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOKD3.I. PA3IS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. RlSt Louts Dec. 13
St. Louis Nov. 22|St. Paul Dec. 2T
: St. Paul Dec. 6 New York Jan. 3
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York. Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frl*i>land Nov. SlKenslnrton Nov. 23
Bouthwark Nov. lSlNoordland Dec. 4
Westernland....Nov. £2|Frte*land Dec. U
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Da-.vson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies.
___
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board en day
of sailing.
AMERICA MARU Thursday. Dec II \
HONGKONG MARU Tuesday, Jan. 14 1
NIPPON MARU Friday. Feb. i\
VI. 1 Honolulu.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight anil passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
ffll&f&CftT&i Tn « s - s - Australia i
NflhsAisviU^ ** lla tnr Honolulu
Wednesday. Dec 13,
n^ — [/"N S* s'. Marlpn«* sails
/SfPPITKhinJ via Honolulu an.l
CyWliU'lli;- Auckland for Sydney
/OfflF;?f?LU. Wednesday. Dec 27.
*• %-» »vnii .-., ■*' at «p. m
Favorite Line Round th» World, via Hawaii
Samoa. New Zealand. Australia. India, Suez.
England, etc.; $Tl'» first claps.
1. 0. sPHECKELS It BROS. CO.. flgti.. 114 Montgomen
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Flight 0if1ce.327 MaAot St.
COXPAQSIE QENERALE TBANSATLANTIQUS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. "J^£lL
SalUns; every Thursday Instead of ¥l&n\
Saturday, from November 2. ivr.<. at "Tr**?! 1
10 a. m.. from Pier 42 North River, foot of
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Nov. IS; LA
OASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA TOURAINE. Nov.
»0: LA RRETAGNE. Dec. 7 First-class to
Havrv. $€0 and upward; C per cent reduction on
round trip. Bacood-CISM to Havre. J4i. ; pe.-
cent reduction on round trip GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED PTATES AND CAN-
ADA. 32 Hroadwar Mlu.lfion bulldlni;). New
York. J. F. Ft'OAZfl & CO.. Pacific Coast
Ag«-nt>. '■ Montgomery »vc. San rranclncn.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montleell*."
MON.. Tup?. U>d.. Thurn. and Silt, at f:4J
a. irw. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. i»x. Thurs. ntfcht) Kri-
dajs. : p. m. and S:3": Sundays. 10:30 a. m. 1
p. m. I^ndlnr and office. Mlsiilon-street Dock
Pier No 2. Telephone Main IMS.
FARE " Mt .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route.
The fastest train, runnlnc over the b«st ran-
road. with the highest class accommodation*.
Connecting; train leaves Ban Francisco at
, 1:60 p. m.
MONDAY. WKDKIBDAT. FRIDAY. SATT/aDAT.
Arriving in Chlcajro at 1:15 p. m.
r&IDAY, lUNDAT. TUISDAT. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND EXPRESS
Every day In the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave Oakland Mole
for Denver, Kansas City. Chlcaco and the East
8:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton. Fresno. Hanford. Vtsalta,
Tulare and Bakersfleld. furnishes good loeaJ
train service.
San Francisco office. CSS Market St.. telephone
Main 1&31.
Oakland office. 1119 Broadway.
•Sacramento office. 201 J street.
Eon Jot« office. 7 West Santa Clara street. ■
AUCTiOfSALES
AUCTION SALE!
ft* & fea
TUESDAY. December 5, It o'clock,
AT ORMONDE STABLE.
lil7 MISSION STREET.
Of 40 head of Choice Horses, suitable for all
purposes.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TBAVEL.
MaUTIII'.RX ikm <»iirtu
Iraciria ir-n-rw.)
Train. l»>n«e> «*■•• nrr tin* lo arrl»» •»
s « > ri:*,><-i*<-«».
(Main Una. Foot of Market Street)
m ■
ir«»r — FnoM XovzMacm 13. la9B. — *itni»«
•7i4M>a Itrajicia. Mn and Barram*i»*f>. . . . *7iOP
Klrhtra. Vaeavllle and Rarns'y.... "7«4»r
•?«•*» Slnsts — I'.iyiin- lufT«. — liiows.
Ue.i Bluff. I'orUard . »T>l3p
•75304 Martinez, nan Uamoo. Vallojo. Nap*.
C'aiUU>r* aud KanU I.'naa »«iiar
•«:*•». ThotHctUii.lLln.ited— Osden. Des-
fot. Otuah*. Chleag) »aiiaF
•ftinu* San Juar. Lltrriuure. Htoektnn.
liioe, ->»ct»iii»u«.> r!-u-t-r»UW.
M«i,.» Chlco. l>.tl:inlX *«iiap
•i::io» •Milton. «)a«,l . iBiin.l hocora •lilSp
••:»«» Howards. Kites and Waj buttons. •! l:«"»»
•■> vii. Atlaatic Express— Ojden and East *1»:43*
•Miu<»» Martlnrt, Tracy. LatUrop. Htociton.
Mcrceilaadt'reiDO "Uiiap
••:••* PortCc«ta, r'reaun. Mojat* and Is*
Aa elr«. »«i43r
•l*i«o A Val.- ■]". Marine an.l War Htatfcma ••t4.lp
•I l!««4 lUrwarda. Nil*a aixl Way ftUtlncM. % *%**w
• I'JiOvm H|| . l.lfermnr*. Htoekton. ,-,,
vi' r.U). *Ti nifcila. llanfonl. VUalla,
I'crterTllla •4jl»r
♦ l:O«r Sarrainen'.i lif-r ■ <«■•-» fHtOOr
*SiOOr MaywarU. Nile* and Way HUtlcoa. *at«3r
•*.««•!■ Mutiiiex, Han lfaronii. »!;•)...
Napa, ral'it. ( ». >ianta Rosa •»■!»»
•4iw«p Unix la. Va«aTlll«. Harrai»«nta,
Wo.i.llan.l. Kul<hU lAitdiog.
M»r»«tlll-. OioTiil. 'li«»
•■iini»r Nile*. Han JpmaudKtnektou •7H3r
•3:OOpTh« Owl 1.i0.1te.1- rnr*. Freaao.
IlakersOelU. H»iij-m for Santa lUr-
bara, I«;a Art' .• *a>494
•3i3*r Stockton, M.r—l. Kre.no a lilfl3r
•••••r ii'««. ■aasiatslJ HanM Baibata,
1^« Anflea. Deminc Xl Paso.
New Orleans and Kaat . •««•!.
•3iX«r H« :,ta In Itont*— Allanllo r«steas
for M >.- »n'l 1 -•• >4i4»p
••:»«P IJaywanK --' '■•an '. an I as *7i4!l*
10:: toro r V»!leJ> •IV:I-'VP
•UiUitr Oriental Mill— Ojdea and Kan •«1:.14>p
]?:<M»r Valujo. Purl < .Ha and Way Hi*-
tl.'iia .. 19i33»
♦ Bi<l3r OrrKOiiand California i:irrrta.Ha«-
1 imi<-ii'.i. Mariadlle. Itnl.tliif.
r..tti«i..i. f -r-. m.,,1,,.1 m■) >«, t »«ittn4
(OAST IHTIsIO.% i.Narroir Ua.gt).
(Foot of Market html, t
•81 1.1 A Nrwark.i V|,t»nli|.- -an.t.*« ""
UoulderCßek.NantaCiuzaod Way
Hutl' M *3i«4)a>
tail ft r Newark, Ceaterrllle. '■hiJom. Haw
Almadea. Kilt. a. Itonlder Creek.
Mauta «'rui ami I'rluctpal Way
Stations tl»i."»«4
SlMf Newark. San Jos*. LosUatoa. •»:aa«,
tl I .15 1- Hunters' Eicunlon, Saua Jua« and
Way. stati.ma t?'—
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtsiStll fBi»CI-CO-FMi »f Mark*! Sttnl(3l!9 ■ > —
•7:15 9.00 ih'm». 11:: •:;: jj 'a
•t:C3 t!:C3 •B:C3r.ii.
VrsaUilUlß— fnnrßi ».!«.».— •* CO 8:00 10:00 a.■;. ■;
tia.o3 "1:03 18:00 ♦303 MM •3 33m.
COAST KIM (llroa.MJasjre).
(Thlnl and Townsei.il Mts.)
t«ilOAOccau View. Hoo'b Han Kraaciaro. . I«>iS«p
•7iU«a Kan J«aa and Way Hutli.ns iNe»
AlmiMleii Waiwasnayaniily) •l:«as>
•»!••« Nan .!..««. Tim rinsa. Nitnta < mi.
t'ai inn r.,n,m. !•«« . Rubles, baa
I. ma < »i.|«i... Surf, Lompn« and
I'rlnelpal Way Suilssai »4ilOr
•lOi4n* San Jnaamul Way HUtlom *«iS34
•lli:ii»« Man Jtiao au<l Way Htatlotia ... . *3i3op
t**4OpSaii M»t.,, i:«|wwl, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, BaalSiCaMa, Ra .1.,«n.
Trra Pinos. Hanta. 4'rux. . ..-laa.
Mout«rny ami Pacific <:r.)»» tlO:n«4
*:iinor *<an. loan and Way •!.„,. *7i3op
44:1."1r lasjaaaaajsi Principal Way Ktatinna •»: 1-1*
t."i:OOr.S*oJoa«aod Principal Way Stations t<MH»»
'■'»:3Or Han Joaa and Principal Way HtaUous *H:33a.
•niU«pBao Josa and WayStatiooa f*iOO*,
Hl:4»p San Joaeaiid Way Statlona •":»«p
A for Morning P for Afternoon '
* Dally. ISs] '»•» • -t »r»e,' J UuiMUy only.
b Saturtlay only.
CALIFORNIA NORTfI¥ESTERN 81. COl
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburoo Furry. Foot of Marks St.
TUASCIBCO "ITJ SAN RAF ABU
Ifti. 1 -?* *** * m Thursday.-- trS
ifj* ra - B*tu»-d*y«— Bitra. trH» at V.aS
and 11 *1 b. m.
"i«P^^"p :fl Si •* UM *- m - t ***• *'-**
TO BAX FTi^NaSCO.
WEEK DATB-fl:l#. 7:M. »:». 11=^ a. m.; U:4BL
•:*». 610 p. m fl»turday»— Extra trip, at
I:RS and 111 p. m.
EUNpATS-8:io. »:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 1:40, ».-«•.
■:C d. m.
Between San Francisco and Bchu«tita Par*
aar.e schfduU as at* ■• c.
Leave Arrlr*
can Wanelsco. In Effect San Francises
m- . — October IS, - .
Week Sun- ISM. San- Weeks
Days. days. Destination days. Day-.
TJOam I 00 am N'nvato. 10:40 am I 40 axw
1:3) Dm *:Soam Petaluma. 4:06 pm 10:2J am
• :10 Ptn 1:00 pm Ban t a Rosa. 7.M pen •23 pea
Fulton.
IJO am Windsor. 10 a ax*
Healdsbunr.
Lrtton.
Ceyaar\llle.
/npm l«tm Clorerdale. 735 pta 0 H pa»
1:80 am Hopland and
• :00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm •:» aaa
1:M am 19:24 aaa
t:00 am Gucrnavtlla. 7:35 pea
»:»»pni IH*ia
1 :90 am 1:40 am Sonoma 10:40 am 1:40 mm
and
• ;10 pm B:00 pen Glen Ellen. 4:06 pm 4 3 pna
fiNim 1.00 am SebastopoL 10:40 am K:Zi am
t :30 pm| 6:00 pm 7:tB_B«a: • n pea)
' Stare* connect at Santa Rnaa for Mark West
Bprinm and White Sulphur Springs; at L»ytu>r»
tor Lytton Spring", at Oeyserrille for Bkacra
Eprlnsa; at Clr.verdale for the Oeysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Sprint's, Highland Bprlrur«.
X«la«yvlll», Carlabad Springs. Soda Bay. l.*h—
tort and Hartl'tt Springs; at I'klah tor Vlehr
Curings. 6aratoa;a Sprtncs. nine Lakes. Laur«4
3)<"ll I-rtkc. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. P mow
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Lsarlay a,
1 BuckneM's. Sanh^drin lletghts. Ilullvllle. Orr's
Mot Spring*. Mendocino Ctfy. Fort Bragg,
1 waatport, Uial. Wlllltts. LuytnnvUl*. fur.i-
■nlnrr Bell's Springs. Harris. Olson's, Lnrsr.
•c. tla anil Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip ticket* at ra-
4aced rates.
' On Sunday round trio tickets to all polaaa
I Wyond San Itafltel at half ratea.
■Ticket Offices. «C 0 Market St.. Chronfrl* bids.
P. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN.
i General Manaxer Oca. Pass. Agent.
■
lORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via •»■ lit? Parry.
t Commencing October 1. I$S».
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALUES
AM' *
WEEK DAYS— TOO. •» M. U.CO a. m.: »1 4a,
•3:40. 6:13. 1:00.. «:10 p. m '*?
' EXTHA TRIPH-For Mill "alley and San Ra.
(ael. on Mondays. Wedn«sd»-s and Saturdaya.
at » 00 and 11:10 p. m *^
SUNDAYS- *3 00. '10:00. »U:3O a. m.; nil
till. '♦:«. •:»• » :W 9. to. ***
Train* marked ■•> run to San Quentla.
FROM HAN RAFAEL TO SAN KKANCTBCO.
WEEK DAYt*-*:2S. •»:*!. 7:4 J. •»:*» a nTi
•11 * I »6. '1:40. "•> 18 p. m. ™*
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays aaJ
Saturdays at «:4« and 1O:1J p. m.
BUNDATS-«:20. •S.W. *1O:OO. »ll:O a. m.l
•1:43. •Sill. «:«. »i:3O p. m "■ "■•
Trains marked (•) mart from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCOJ
WEEK LAYS !:«, « 44. 7:*». » U a Si
U:IS. >:S5. 1:45. S:» p. m. m ~*
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays taj
Saturdays at 7:CO and 10:20 p. m.
■tf'-ii^K 1 "" " ! " *• m : "•■*■ ■* '»>
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days— Catadero and way stations^
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomnles and —ay stations.
1:00 a, m. Sundays— Touaica and way staUaoZ
NORTHERN PACIFIC
R/\IL\A//\Y.
Tickets at the Lowest Rates to
SPOKANE. ROSSLAND.
BUTTE. HELENA. ST. PAUL.
CHICAGO. NEW YORK.
i I'HE OXLT LINE OPERATINO ' A
through tourist car from 8. F. to St. Paul.
This car Is nicely upholstered In leather and
I has every convenience of a flrst-claaa Pullman.
Call on or address
j T. K. STATELER. Gen. Agt.. OS Market St..
San Francisco.
MOUNT TA.VALPAIS fICEMC RAILWAY
Leave Ban Francisco via Sauaalito Ferry
Week Days-» 10 a. m. and l.« p. in/*
Sundays-* :00. 10:00 a. m. and l:lTpr m
Steam-heated, eloeed ea. on all trmlaa.
Fare— Francisco to Summit and lutunt.COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank clearings sliow a smaller gain.
New York Exchange weaker. Silver unchanged.
Light business m securities.
Another decline in Wheat.
Other cereals dull at previous quotations.
Bran and Hay louver and depressed.
No further change m Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
Eggs on the down grade again. Butter. and Cheese unchanged.
Heavy stocks of Poultry and Game on the market.
Apples, Grapes and Oranges weak.
Dried Fruits and Nuts neglected.
Provisions as before quoted.
Hides and Wool firm. Hops and Tallow weak.
Meat market unchanged.
Charters.
Th« Ifetrnpnli* la chartered for wheat and
barley to Ewroye. Mm M
Tfce -*•' CurU* >'. la mcrcbaodlM for
Uc-no'ulu.
The America loads coal and coke at Nanatrr.c
for £anta K.wialia: Abby Palmer, lumber at ,
Taooina for Melbourne or Adelaide. t2s »1; La- ;
tnna, lumber on the Sound for Valparaiso, 4Ts ;
♦I Mkry Wlakeltaaa, lumber at Taooma for 1
K.ai:uluL
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearing* last week were tr.rr-
V*. against ::\tf,.~l for th« aatn* week last i
rear.
Receipts of Coal.
Receipt* of Coal at this port during the first
•leven month* of the y»«o.r w«re l.fl«,C»» ton*. ,
against LULUuO during the fame tlnae last y«*r. !
The principal receipt* this yar were 167.700
t'^n* from Pugct s-mnd. 415.M.0 from British
Columbia and 127.000 fr--:-. Australia.
— -Government hmds Here.
Julius Jacob*. Aestrtar.t Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, report* cash
on hand November 30, •»■ follo-irs:
United State* note* $25«.17« 00
Treasury note*, of 1W W.€'2 f« !
National liar.k notr* 3.(-*» W
G :j cerUflcmtf 423.«0 00
BUrcr o-rtiScate* ~ 1ia.307 00
Cld coin 14.507.2TS J7
ftandard silver dollar* SI.IW.CO 00
Fuheidlary silver coin 134.CW T> j
Alinor cula «.191 4}
Total 317/«5.5C4 11
Fhtpmentsi of silver coin from the unt office
In the month of November. ltS9. were a* fol
low*:
6t»t:dard silver dollar* . ITS. TO "0
gubsidlary stiver HUM M
Total C71.K0 00 '
Weather Report.
Ol3th Meridian— Pacific Tlir.e.)
BAN rBAXCXEOO. : we. 2. ISJ»— B p. m.
7b* following are the seai<:cal rainfalls to
4lat«, a* compared with thoee of same date
lart «easoa, an] raisfall la last twesty-four
boon:
Last This Last
Fta'l-r.*— 24 Hour*. S*»»'n. i.«PB
Fur^Jca 6.P0 BOX tV>
1>; n:u«r ..: «.«> 7.c 2.12
e«cra<n-nTO 0.00 7.19 1.(1
E»n K-aacJvco ».W 7.71 1. 21
frffno COO 3.E2 1.4S
rnd'-^sier.cA 0.00 6.H) 0.41
ba.n La.» Obifpo 0.04 5.7( * »7
1>» Ar.fVi 0.00 3.41 C.l*
liaa Diego O.CO 1 26 0.13
Vu=* O.M 0.5« 0.13
-.- T'ri-.'-'.sro data: Maxirsura temperature.
fc; BtßStnsxa, *S; m*«a, (4.
V(*CATU£B CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Tb* prre>ure ha* risen rapidly over the Rocky
M .: -j.r. region and eastward to the Missouri
Valley. It has fallen slowly aking the coast
tr. I win probably fall rat Idly along the coast
t'anilay n.rth of Cape Mendocino. An area of 1
hlch jrensur!* overlies Idahn. Nevada and Utah.
El) ..'. tL!» fclgh be reinforced and move south
ws^ri cindltlor.* will be favorable for frost Sun
day night la Southern California. A low will
;. bably der^lop on the northern coast Satur- .
F->reca»t rr.aile at San Francisco for thirty
fccur* endm* rr.lJr.lgM. December 3. 1«S»:
N rtiiern California— Ooudy Sunday, with
light fr<j*t In the inornlr.g la the interior and
ST.batljr shower* Sunday afternoon on the
ra c.?a?t; light northerly wind*. changing
to southeasterly.
f Btbcrß California—Fair In tbe Interior, with
light frost* Sunday morning: cloudy on the
d,i«t: light northerly wiaas.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday; continued cold
wt «.ther.
I.'tah— Fair Sunday, with heavy frost* In the
oornlng.
Anrf-na— Fair Sunday with fr<>«ta in the I
xa^rnlrig.
Fan Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing clCAidl
ri*»». with oondttlon* favorable fnr rain Sun- ;
day night; light northerly, changing to south
easterly, winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
♦
EASTERN MARKETS,
NOB York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Z>~i. !.— To-flay** *tnek mar
ket v.i- ?:i:»-p.vh a-j*. !:iri:r.«r throughout. Pro
fessional tnvlrrs were Inclined to buy »tockj
at tb* cper.lnc with the Idea of fllsecantlnj *
:.-.-■.:■■ : i: .■ »:.'■ ::..-:.! Tl.f r.;i-*&ra.v-.» of
the statement oa the tap* was dM signal for
a .»*•• r-u.,r:r.c buvhiw' end a* there »aj
no .-::::• demand to aLtorb it, ;ri•• s fell
away. n»# doting wa* dull, but distinct:?
»«.-:■. the »-wr,M.- 4 rJ drift J.a-.:.-.s etu.Li;»beJ
• .::-—;.; »;.-::.«.::: i; of net ls»>ra where the
level had been hither throughout tn the e«.riy
>.••....:-•. t"j£»r and Glucose we:* atronc en
the reported plan fur consolidation •-••a a^..r,>
tlon ......„, ; ■ ... a .-, ... ... ... of
»m-ntth la t'r.lua Parific. Northern Pacific
1- -■..:-•'•:! ajid ''..'T«;»jt» and Ohio, and la
■ :.<• r two of the :•?• prominent lnduatri&ta.
K'MM of the s&lna u.:# well n-.a.i:.tur.t 1. the
»J, J» Met t--.:.»( affected by the easier ton la
tho flrud C<-.- ;-..-. The bosk ttateaient was
tally •■» favorable as had t-*.i espectej,
tbaugh ti.e liberal «-x; •.nsi.:; In the locn ac>
w-:.: was v... •• : lor. The blfh nun tor
n^xiey ana the hatistartory security offered
are attractive, lrtUucl&s ti*« banks to keep thrlr
: «: k .:..-; to the ..:..n o! the .-.iti allowanc*.
•.;.»■ lacJc o( r»r.;-.r.— to the benk BULUmem
v... Cue to the undentandtnc that th« recup
•raxiun In rn«nM «aa wholly due to boiid
ndMßpdoa operation* with the eub-treaaury.
'- i■■ fact t&at the movement of currency Is
•Uil in favt>r of the tnterlur on balance and <
th-j pr-«i~re*s Of the eUTllog -xchaAfC rate to
. h•■ .- ibe cold export ;-.::. i. a further mo» of
\ : . *. v°a« made to-day, leave* the future of
the money raaxk*t *till unrromislnx from the
Mtock •,- r-v r ; ::.; A vim.
Aotlvlt)- :n «wk» durtnc the week haa U>«:n
r■» "-•-: i«-: to a :< « Individual s«curttlea .tml
•:.< p.-:..-::i: list has been rather neglected.
7he divpping teadanc}- of prlcea was partly
< ff.-»t by the hea%-j* abcorptlon of the gr*at
trunk :.:>r* stocks t.-.: tne sharp upward
mor«r.ent la the prices of those properties.
The irvxrtm put In rlrculatlon to e*plaia thru*
;•■:.:•> are muatly anocymuus and ar« far
irom bein« explicit. They ranre from *!!<«•- !
tlonx of a consolidation of o»-nershlp lo mllUer
Intimations of a friradly and mutually advan
t»««->u« ro-c»p»^atlr.ru Though lacklnc explicit
»•■••:, : tr the Wall street public ends ccn
f:rmatlon rrora the stook tape of Its conrictloa
that polidmi have- be^n lnauruarated which
jTctnJiw nubetantlal lroprovetnent of the trunk
line situation. The special field of the benefit*
to accrue Is Indicated by the way some othnr
rallmtd storks have suffered on acoount of
rhi.'ttn^ of holdJn** into trunk line stocks,
liesjdes the trwit trunk line stocks there has
b**"a a movement In a number of extremely
low prloe rtocks sei:in« under $20 and a few I
even uniJer lib v*r shar«. The strength of these
rt/wks vti attrlbutrd almoet entirely to indl
•:.■.: cau«**. but the fetiera! tendency to
ward <-. ' » ::.:ai:-o. either of s.xall lines with
e«rh r>th«T or Kn^alt lines with powerful exist
:■ i eomrjanies m-as a conspicuous element In
the exx^anatlons offered cf the»e movea»entk.
u>, men-ernenta have resulted In a fair
tprlr.kllnr of net rale* through the list. But
'i' majority of etocks are slightly lower. Dls- '
irinrtntni— l orer the . failure of the • money
I .&.-v»-t to show up easier In aplt« of last
t»:cr4s.y"t proved showi&f of the bar. lea
wa» the principal motlv« of the Indisposition
to •ark on specula*
It is the cut>tcm for stockbroker* to charge
their customer* c per pat for fund* employed
la carrying stock«. no matter" how low the
open market rate for call loans may go. Now
that cp?n market rate* are ruling at or abov<»
< per cent, broker* have been charging' their
customers accordingly »nd have met with pro
test*. While the call loans rates serve to
w:p* out the profit to broker* on loans they
are not lnritlng operations by their clients on
any extensive Bcale. The week's events seem
to put the return to cheap money some time
In the future.
The bank of England has waited to itmw
Its official rate until It ha* secured control of
the open market by Belling consols and
thus lifting money from the market. The
English Institution Is manifestly fortifying lt
■■■• -.tr-st a special demand to coma .ater.
rartly to meet requirements for yearly ols
hurfements by corporations on January l. am
r*rt!y. It Is -•:■•■ . m expectation of a
further l*#ue of Government securities to meet
the Jjouth African war expense*.
An unusually large volume cf loon* by Can
adian banks i« In the New Ycrk market and
the advance la the Londrn money rate threat
ens to attract these funds, necessitating their
withdrawal from New York. In th» New
York meney market Itself, the recuperation of
™__ _. 1 - ts i , ......_ _. . --
mart has not led to any appreciable Incredsa
In offerings for loans. Neither 1...* the addi
tion to resources during this week by reason
of t!:e sub-treasury operations In connection
with bond redemptions.
The strength -ol last Saturday's bank state
ment was due to the operations of only one
lank, but a very Influential and p>rwerful one.
Th^se operations disclosed a change from the
recent policy of calling In no mure of out
standing creJlts than necessary to keep barely
within or even slightly below the level reserve
requirement. Not content with an Increase In
cash resource* cf over eight millions, this ("In
gle Institution contracted Its loan? over four
mUlkns last week. This looks like entering
upon a system of recuperation In preparation
f»r meeting a coming demand. Such a policy.
while strengthening the showing of th» banks,
would still further restrict funds available fjr
speculative oreratiotys In stocks. The lnK>r::>r
exrharjre* have turnfd agnl.-.*t N>w Y<Tk again
during the wwk. Although the Treasury Ut*
rartment has extended the period of its offer
to redeem tK>r.ds of which about seven mill:
ar» ttin available under the off«r. It le now
manifested that this measure serves only as
a f.ifety valve and th\t It releases no funds
except uriiier pressure of high money rates.
Any considerable encroachment on money »up
ply fr-r purposes of stock speculation threatens
to precipitate a money stringency which would
In itself defeat the object of the speculation
\<y bringing liquidation on the market.
Dealings la bonds hare been on a moderate
scale and price movements have tven In sym
pathy with '.h» «t^-k# of the same companies.
United State* 29 and new 4* advanced 4.
the Js, »i and the old «• and Es 4 In the bid
rrle«.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Share* Clewing
fc o '*- Bid.
1.100 A.trhisoa '. jaw
t.liß Atchlson pr«fd 65 T *
30 lialtimrre At Ohio JTVi
Canadian Pacific • Si
Canada Southern ii
Chesapeake A Ohio SIS
lO!0 Chicago Great Western _. US
feOO Chicago, Burlington A Qulncy 1344
t1.400 Chicago. Ind A Louisville 17
100 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd . 504
130 Chicago & Eastern Illinois H4
100 Chicago A Northwestern .... 16s
I'jO Chicago. Rock Inland & Pacific liJV
L2BJ C C C •• St Louis 63*
2/<*> Colorado Southern «4
20s Colorado Southern Ist prefd «■
219 Colorado Southern 2d prefd UK
100 Lwiaware I Hudson U<r»»
STS Delaware. Lack 1 -tern 1834
130 Denver A Rio Grande 20*»
100 Denver A Rio Grande prafd 7*4
Erie tt%
Erie Ist prefd 574
100 Great Northern prefd IT«4
1.110 Hocklr.g Coal ISV;
Hocking Valley 24**
3*2 Illinois Central 115»%
2«S lowa Central 13!»
lowa Central prefd CS
Kansas City. PHtsbunr A Gulf 10
Lake Erie A Western 20
I.ok* Erie A- Western prefd ..10
Lake Shore 20«
TOO Louisville A Nashville 63H
B.SOO Manhattan Elevated 10'>4
£57 Metropolitan Street Railway 1M
J25 Mexican Central I*4
»■« Minneapolis A St Louis C-;\
Minneapolis A 6t Lewis prefd '.C" }
•00 Mlwourt Pacific 484
Mobile v Ohio 44
MUsouri. Kan* &• Texas 12
Mltsourt. X an* A Texas prefd 234
MO New Jersey Central ...
2<JO New York Central 134
L4O Norfolk A W*-?t-rn 27
400 Norfolk A Western prefd 7J*i
9.513 Northern Pacific 67
4t-5 Northern Pacific prefd 774
tOO Ontario A- Western 25 1 *
Oregon Railway & Nay 4!
Oregon Railway L Nar prefd 76
1.9*5 Pennsylvania 13«
Heading 204
2.700 Reading Ist pr»fd 59
•00 Reading Id prefd 31
100 Rio Grand* Western 41
IUo Grande Western prvfd Wm
St Louis A San Fran 10»;
Pt Louis A Pan Fran Ist prefd 71
KM St Louie & Kan Fran Jd prefd 364
Pt Louis. Southwestern 1?4
1.21 V) gt Louts, Southwestern prefd 314
J.S6O Pt Paul ■ ■ ■ IJ4\
St Paul prefd IT3
St Paul A Omaha 11«
1.457 Southern Pacific 42*4
1.150 Southern Railway 1! 7 *.
715 Southern Railway prefd WH
200 Texas A Pacific 1S»»
IS ?'.O t'r.lon Pactfle 11V»
1.700 Tnlon Pacific prefd 77>4
110 Wabash ~- 8 1 *
S:0 Wal>a«h prefd 28
200 Wheeling * L E 11
100 Wheeling & I. F. ?d prefd 30
Wisconsin Central US
Express Companies—
Adam* - *"
'American 1««
United States 454
Wells. Farro ft Co 1 * 127
Mlsrellaneo'ts—
106 American Cotton Oil 35*4
18i American rotten Oil prefd 16
American Malting 104
J25 American Malting pn»fd 44
«K> American Smelting A Refining 40
2U Aw SmeHlng ft Refining prefd t*^
American Spirits 4
..; American Spirit* 17
700 American Steel Hoop .. 474
3W American St»»! Hoop prefd MAi
LCIO Amerlnin Kterl ft Wire- 4}
American SteM & Wire prefd >'.
€■*? Amp- Tin Plate 33*4
ISI American Tin Plate prefd H
4.1K» American Tobacco 11C*4
American Tobacco prefd 141
Anacr.nda Mining Co 441*
HIM Brooklyn Rapid Transit 564
I.CO Colorado Fuel A Iron M*4
LOTS Ccnttnertal Tobacco 41\
225 Continental Tobacco prefd 92 1
3.777 red»ral Steel 624
SjO Federal Steel pr»fd H\
Genera] Electric iy»4
J.4JS Glucose Sugar ... E34
100 Glucose Sugar prefd 100
100 International Paper 244
International Paper prefd CS4
320 Laclede Oas 524
National Biscuit 414
National Biscuit prefd 81
100 National Lead 30
National Lead prefd 10514
119 National Steel 46
National Steel prefd t4U
125 New York Airbrake 14}
S.tS!) Nnrth American ..". ....;.*.... 154
200 Pacific Coast $1
Pacific Cea-t J*t prefd '6
Pacific Coan 2d prefd (4
3.760 Pacific Mall 47H
410 P-ople's '»" IJIH
Pressed Fteel Car ». «
W Preseed Steel Car prefd ESU
145 Pullman Palace Or ...r I*sl ,
100 Standard Rope 4 Twine 124
12.150 Sugar MM
Sngar prefd l««i
721 Teen Coal ft Iron _ Ut\
10. «!• United Btate* Leather 11%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY. DECEMBER 3, 1899.
United State* Leather prefd 79*1
United States Rubber 47
100 United States Rubber prefd lioi*
430 Western Union i'.\,
610 Republic Iron ft Steel 24?»
800 Republic Iron ft Steel prefd 7C4
■ P C C ft St L :. 734
227.100 Shares cold.
CLOSING BONDS
U 6 Is re*; 105 , do 4* »14
do U reg in N X C lets 1124
do 3» coup IK>4»!N j c gen 5b... 1204
do new 4* reg ....132VNcr Car is 127
do new 4* coup ..132*;| do 4e 108
do old 4s re* ....lUV Nor Pac lstr .... 110
do old 4* coup ...113>* do In €B*i
do c* re» n\\ ; do 4s 102
do 4s coup lll 1 4,N V C ft Et L 4* .1064
Dlst Col 3Cs ... U7 Nor A w con la.. :-2V
Alabama class A..1104! do gen 6s 135'
do cla^s B 11l Oregon Nay Ist. ..108
, do class C 101 do 4* •.'.lQltt
do currency 100 dots 129 1
AtchUon gea 4* ... $S»ilOregon S L con 5«.114
do adj 4s n% P>?adlr.c gen 4* SS T «
Can S.»u 31* m ROW Ist* .... 9SH
Cft O 44* X St L£ I M con 5*.U"K»^
do 5s U64..iSt L A S F gen «s.l.'">
C ft N W con 75. .143 St Paul consols ..ITI
do S F deb &8....207 St PC A C 15t*.. .1204
Chicago Ter 4> ... 9« do i* 121
D ft R G Ist* WIH Sou Ry Ss 108*4
d" 4* «« ;s Rope A T«• M
ETV A O 1-- ItH Term new set 3a.. M
Erie gen 4* 714! Texas & Pac lsts. 113
IFW AD C lPt»... 7«4 do Ids £4
Gen Electric 5*.... 119 Union Pacific 4* ..I'M
G II ft S A Cs 1104iWabash lsts 114H
do Ms 105 do :i. 101
HftT C 6* 11l 1 * West Shore 4s 115
do con 6s 110 'Wlb Cant late ... !>24
lowa Cent -t* ...112^ Virginia Cent SS
KCP A G lsts 72W do deferred .. S»;
Lou n«?w con 45...108»i Colo & Sou 4.- 804
L ft N un! 4- fOV.^ou Pacific 45 .... 834
M X ft T 2ds '70 '
ifININO STOCKS.
Chollar 11 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 21 ' Ophlr 110
Con Cal ft Va 2 M Plymouth 10
IVadwood «0 Quicksilver 175
Oould ft Curry 20 Do prefd 775
Hale A XorcroßS.. 50 Sierra Nevada 45
meetake 66 00 Standard 2 TO
Iron Silver 13 Union Con 32
Mexican 62 Yellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— 'West End prefd Hi
Call loan* 64<g7|West Electric 444
Time loans 6 Q 6 West El prefd C 54
Stock*— Wls Central ... li»\
A T A S F 234 Dominion Coal .... IS%
A T 4 ? F prefd.. 60! i ! ► m Coal prefd. ...llS
Am Sugar I'd |Atch!son 4s $3
Am Sugar prefd.. '. Mining Shares —
Bell Telephone — 3'v4 Adventure 64
Boeton ft Albany. 2'o Mlouez Mining Co. 34
Ooston Elevated.. . ; •*» | Atlantic 26
lioston A Maine.. .2f>3V», Boston A Mont 320
Chgo. Bur & Q...l344'putte A Boston... 724
K. Elec ni...7 BN Calumet ft Hecla ,
General Electric. .l2S\ Centennial 23 1
(-.en Elec prefd 13* Franklin 174
Federal Steel 621.4 Humboldt 14
F^d Steel prefd... Si*« O?ceola 804 ,
Mexican Central... 13 jParrot 43
Old Colony 207 Uulncy 1M
Old Dominion I:-4 ■Santa Fe Copper.. 74
Rubber 47 Tamarack 213
Union Pacific SUiWlnona 7*4
Cnlon Land i ; Wolverines 414
West End «3 Utah 344
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. Dec. I.— The Ffnancler say*:
Th« statement of the associated banks of New
York City for the week ending December 2
shows that the Institutions are finding ready
employment for the supplies of money they are
accumulating from the treasury, although a*
a matter of fact the averages are so dominated
by the chances reported by one large bank
that general deductions are somewhat difficult
to make. The National City Bank, which at
the close of the previous week reported all the
gains in cash, proving conclusively that the
other Institutions had not bettered their poal
tlcm from a ro»erve standpoint, appears In a
somewhat similar role In the current exhibit.
This bank, with the National Park Bank, ac
cumulated nearly all the excess cash that has
be»a received, and the former has laade practi
cally all th» new loans and gained half the de
poMt Increases. The Inference is that the po-
Eitten of the ether banks ha* changed only
sllKhtly for the better during the wrek. With
these fact* In mind the statement tuumei a
different meaning, but. taking the exhibit as a
whole, the totals are to be regarded as satis
factory* Ap&nfi'<n* in loans and In deposits
show that the contractloas which have charac
terized thes* Items with little Intermission since
July. last are perhaps at an end. The banks,
with th» certainty of a source of replenishment.
: now that the treasury has extended th period
iof bond purchases, are apparently willing to
enlarge their commitment, and a* the pressing
demand from the interior Is at an end It Is only
reasonable to expect that the totals will show
Increases over the new year. In view of th.?
fact that the country is doing a much larger
volume cf burlnesa and is using much more
mon»y than was the case last year. II Is not
expected that the banks here will be able, even
If willing, to encourage such a rise In loans as
occurred from January well into the spring of
this year. The surplus reserve of the banks Is
now 531 700, which Is only about half that
reported for the opening week In December.
IR$«. while loans are {15.000.000 lower. The
banks have {13,000,000 leas cash than at this
time last year.
London Market.
New YORK. Dec. .— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The markets ban were very Idle to-day, but
firm in tone except for West Australians
which were flat.
', Americans were quietly firm. Northern Pa
| cifies. Union Pacifies and Chesapeake and Ohio
I were in demand.
Spanish 4s were «S\i, Tlnto*. 46H: Anacondas
I S 13-16. Call money was In fair demand. Bills
were scarce
The bank bought £7000 gold in French coin.
The expected shipment of £7'tt.oOo or £1.000.000
■ to South Africa was nominated.
CLoetxo.
LONDON. Dec. 2.— Canadian Pacific. 97H;
Union Pacific preferred, 7*4: Northern Pacific
f.rWerrM. 7*S. Atchlson. 235: Grand Trunk.
TV,. Anaconda. 94. Bar silver. 27* *4d per
ounc*. Money. h per cent.
New York Gram and Produce.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts. 25.
559; exports, 9000. Quiet and barely steady:
Minnesota patent*. $3 ~' t T4 ; Minnesota bakers'.
*2 65©510; winter patent*. |3SS^3SO; winter
strait*. W35@3 46; winter extras, 12 Gig 3; win
ter low grades, 12 25?2 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, ls\Mi exports, 301.900.
Spot— Firm: No. I, TJSc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 76Nc f. o. b. afloat to arrive;
No. 2 red. 70*40 elevator.. Options — Opened
steady and unchanged: Immediately advanced,
particularly on December and March, owing to
light offerings and a good foreign demand.
General market news was bearish, however.
Including lower cablt-s. large Chicago stocks
and prospects for a million Increase In Mon
day's visible. Closed ea*y after a late break
under sharp realizing at unchanged to 40
higher prici**, latter In December. January, 714
©71Hc. closed 71»ie: March, 73 11-lCcir74 6-16 c.
closed 74»ic: May. 73* 4 e7«4c. closed 73 »c- De
cember. 70 7-16#714c. closed 70 4 c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm; Galveston, 2C-525 pound*, 19c:
Texas dry. 2433 pounds, 14c. California, 210
25 pounds. 214 c.
WOOL— domestic fleece. 21(z26c: Texas.
14ffl7c.
COFFEE— Futures closed steady at a net gala
of 15 point*, Sale*. 24,750 bags. Including: De
cember, rS»O4jS»S; March. »•> !.'.g« 20; May 16 25
66 30; July It 35€« 40: August, {645; Septem
ber. $« ."1066 &5: October. {$ 60. Spot Coffee— Rio
market firmer; No. 7 Invoice. 7c; No 7 jobbing'
74« Mild— Firm; Cordova. 6\jni*4c
bUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining, 3 6-ltc;
centrifugal. M test. 4<4C molasses giirar
3 »-!•<>. Refined, steady; No. 6, 44c No 7
4 7-l«c; No. S. 4S<*; No S. 4 6-16 c; No 10 4 3-1 60'
No. 1L It-He; No 12. 4c. No. 13. to; No. 14
3 15-16 c: mold A. 5 7-l«c; standard. A. 4 15-16 c;
confectioner*' A. 4 15-16 c: cut loaf. B 9-lCc;
crushed. & »-16 c; powdered. 5V,c; granulat<*.l!
18- Me: cubes, 5 5-16 c.
BUTTEK— Receipts. 55!6 packages. Steady-
Western creamery. **' ! iT'.c; June creamery 223
254 c: factory. 1546 »c.
EGOS— Receipt*. M 62 package*. Dull; West
ern ungraded at mark. 14620 c
The brokers' price for lead 1* 14 40 and for
copper 117617 3.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
. NEW YORK. Dec California Dried fruits
quiet and steady.
EVAPORATED.. APPLES— Common. &B7c;
prime, 7©7% c; choice. M,»fl«V»c; lancy. B%Ota.'
PRUNES-34eSH per lb. as to sis* and quail
Hy-
APRICOTS— RoyaI. I3i»15o: Moorpark. 15fflSc
HEP— Pee|e<l. MajOa; unpeeled. 74©
10c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Dm. I.— At th» opening to-day
Urerpool w»j 1«m laSaesced than expected hy
yesterday's slump In the local pit. and then
was a general disposition to even up over Sun
day. Consequently May wheat began the day
fairly steady, a shade lower at 6» T »<g«fc.\ and
advanced to 994 c. New York early showed an
upward tendency, an encouraging hint of a
better export demand. This, however, failed
to materialize. An Increase of local stocks of
about C<».O0O bushels was predicted and consid
erable long wheat was let out. all of which
was depressing. The market sagged to «SV»ljr
65?%e. and closed HSvfcC lower tor May at « S
S6S4c. The volume of business was small.
New York reported 25 loads taken for export.
Local receipts were 157 cars, 33 of th« contract
grade. Minneapolis and Duluth reported HI.
against 1432 last year.
Corn was steady early, sympathizing with
wheat, weakening later with that cereal and
on liberal receipts. The demand was poor and
local longs were free sellers. May closed a
shade down at i24uS2 1 4c.
Oats were firm early . and closed steady.
Tr.vle was dull and featureless and fluctuations
narrow. Little change in local stocks is pre
dicted. The shipping demand was poor. May
closed a shade over yesterday at 23V'23%c.
Provisions held firm. December ribs at one
time were ui> We? a fact due to small stocks.
Deliveries were about as expected. The
strength was due principally to a light hog
supply, and a good outside demand. Shipments
for the week were liberal, though under last
year's. The world's lard stock showed a de
crease of 63, 000 tierces for November May
pork closed 6 cents up at $9.4); May lard. 53
74c lower, and May rib* 5c better.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. I—
December MS 64% QT4 644
May «9 6»«4 6S»i 654
Corn No. 2—
December 30*4 SOH 90 30
January 304 30<4 V\u SOH
May 32% 3*4 314 3*14
Oats No. 2—
December 22H 22% 224 224
May 23% 24 t3\ 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 806 8 20 8 CS $20
January 9 424 950 »40 945 .
May 9 674 965 9 574 9 624
Lard, per 100 lbs—
December 4 874 490 4 874 490
January 5 15 5 20 6 15 I 174
May 5 324 540 5 324 5 374
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— •
December 4 974
January 4 974 5 024 4 974 600
May 615 5 174 5 124 515
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, easy:
Winter Patents, {3 40£3 50: Straits, {3 0533 20;
•nt*. SZ2Mj*\o; Spring SpeeHln. {3 W; Put
ent«. fi 2*53 50: Strntts, X 7063: Bakers' $1 900
2 50: No. 3 Spring Wheat. E?S64c; No 2 Red,
esg«G4c: No. 2 Corn. 30i;<gM4c; No. 2 Oats
22 s , ti 2:e: No. 2.. White, 2*»ic: No. 3 White 244
6254 c: No. 2 Rye. 49c: No. 2 Barley. 374'?»3«3:
No. I Flax Seed, $139; Prime Timothy Seed,
{2 50: Mess Pork, per bbl. {7 70^9 50; Lard, per
100 lbs, J3 So{?s 10: Shcrt-rib Sides (loose). {4 S3
©.'. 1j; Do* Salted Shoulders (boxed). 6H 'iTf>4c-
Short Clear Sides (boxed). {5 2<V^s 30; Whisky,
high wines, distillers' finished goods per gal
{1 234.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 27,0f>0 23 CCO
Wheat, bushels 204.000 203.000
Corn, bushel? 221.000 "73 TOO
Oats, bushels 304.000 244*000
Rye. bushels 12.000 SO.Ono
Barley, bushels 76.000 109,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was stronp: creamery, l*S26c; dairy
K.IJ-22C. Eggs, steady; fresh. ISc. Cheese, easy;
1140124 c. .^»>.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL
■Wheat— Dec. Mar. May
Opening I ft 5 94 5 SS
Closing 5 CH 6 94 6 IS
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec Mar. -June.
Opening 18 00 18 80
Closing IS 00 IS 80
Flour—
<•;.-:. ,r.< 23 $5 24 «
Closing 23 SO 24 65
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Dec. I — CATTLE — Generally
steady; choice cow* and heifers, firm; range
cattle, firm, active demand; st >-kers and feed
ers, steady. Good to choice, {5 4057; Door to
medium, HMIB: mixed stockers. 53413 60;
selected steers, '•*. * 65; good to choice cows,
{3 50f14 50: heifers. {3 t»t)| 50; manners. {1 90«?
3; bulls, $: Coi(4 25: calves. {4£4 25; Western
range beef steers. $495 25.
HO3S— Fair demand, active: averaged shad*
higher; closed weak; good clearances. Mixed
and butchers, S3 6024 C 24: good to choice heavy,
{3 »€4 0:4: rough heavy. {3 70©3 75; light. {3 73
64: bulk of sales, {3 :3 90.
SHEEP— Sh^ep and lambs, steady; good
clearances. Native wether*. {484 75; lamb*. {4
65 ZO; Western wethers, {4 10® 4 60; Western
lambs. V>QS 50.
Receipts — Cattle, 600; hoc*. 13.000; sheep,
2000. - - -
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec To-day's statement
Of th»- condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $254.570,643; gold reserve,
HaT.Bßs\l.
Imports at New York.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— The Imports of dry
goods and merchandise at the port of New
York for this week were valued at 55.233.571.
The import* of specie this week were {40.917
gold and MM!) stiver.
The exports of gold and silver from this port
to all countries for the week aggregate {1,164,
930 silver bars and coin and {44,243 gold.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec 2.-SUver 27 3-16 d; wheat car
goes off coast, v buyers Indifferent operator*;
cargo** on passage, easier and neglected.
LIVERPOOL, pee. 2.— Wheat, dull; wheat In
Parts, quiet: flour In Paris, dull.
COTTON— tjp'.and*. 4 13-S2d.
CLOSING.
LIVERPOOL. Dec. 3— Wheat-Spot, dull; No.
1 California. €s 14dQ6s 2d: No. : red Western
winter. 5s 54d; Xo. 1 Northern spring, 6s
104 d.
CORN— Spot, firm; American mixed old and
new, 3s 4 »d, futures, steady; December, 3s
4"» d; January. 3s 54d.
Lent don Wool Seles.
LONDON, Dec. I— At the wool auction sales
to-day 12,710 bales were offered. The utmost
animation prevailed. Price* hardened for the
finest dip* and those taken for America were
In fine condition and warranted the advance.
Queensland and GeHong merinos were Includ
ed, in the -grown (Teases, suitable for
America, which took freely. England, France.
Germany and Runnia participating In the buy
tng. Of coarse bred? there wa* a large sup
ply at hardening prices, largely bought for the
home trade. French and Americans were eager
buyer*.
" •
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Dec. I.— Clearing*. {501,000: bal
ances. {337.786.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. -The Wheat market
continues In very bad shape, further decline*
in Europe and the East having weakened the
situation locally early last week. Walla Walla
61S£2c; Valley. Sl(S62c; Blue Stem. G3c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec 2.— change In Whaat. dub.
604 c; Blue Stem. 52c. .;,,-;
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — jt si*
Sterling Exchange, sight _ 4 37
Sterling Cable* _ 4 g;i_
New York Exchange. sight _ ;u,
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 124
Mexican Dollar* — «ji^
Fin« Sliver, per ouuee _ jj
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— The Glenbreck takes for Cork 40.-
C3S ctls. valued at $41,433.
Both «pot and future price* have again de
clined, and the market Is depressed at the lower
prices. The shipping demand Is light and alto
gether the market Is In a very unsatisfactory
condition.
Liverpool and Paris were both lower. Chi
cago was Cull at a fractional decline
Spot Wheat— Shipping, KtitfOTfca; milling
»\casi vl I*.1 *.
CALL. BOARD sales.
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 16 000
ctlß. $1 (M*: MM ctlß. $1 04%; so.ooo. $1 044.
Second Session— May— tOOO ctls, 11 04*4 • SOOO
ctU. $1 044; 14.000 ctls, $104 H.
Regular Morning Session— May— 000 ctls
II O4H: 15.000 ctU. $1 MS
BARLEY—The Arthur Fitter takes for Cork
68.504 ctls. valued at 158.500: Glenbreck. for
Cork. 28.7:.? ctli. at $26,404
The market oontlnues flat and depressed, the
only demand of any consequence being to fill
Call Board contracts.
Feed 80c for No. 1 and 10975 a for off grades;
Brewing and shipping grades. S£<?9oc; Cheva
lier, nominal.
CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— clock— No sales. '
Second Session— December— etla. SJHc.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
OATS— Previous prices rule, with a dull mar
ket.
White, $1 1001 so: Red. $1 07H«l *>: Oray, $1 07
©1 174: Black. S7V»efsl 07U.
CORN— AII kinds quoted at tl OTHCI 16 P«r
ctl: small lots sell up to $1 20.
RYE— Quoted at Jl«?l 06 per cti.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 »0«2 15 p«r ctl.
Flour and Millstxiffs.
FLOUR— Calif family extra*. $1 6Ct?S 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras, $3 4)£3SO: Oregon
and Washington. $3 4035 60 per bbl for extra.
IS 2f4?3 40 for bakers' and $2 252J1 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornroeal. $150; ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. S3 25: Oatmeal. $4 23; Oat
Groats. 14 60: Hominy. %3 2593 60; Buckwheat
Flour, S4@4 25: Cracked Wheat. S3 75; Farina.
$4 SO; Whole Wheat Flour. $1 50. Rolled Oats
(barrels). Mos*iMs; In sacks. S5 SS4|« 25; Pearl
Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas. $5 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Everything under thl? head li weak, and j
lower prices arc quoted for Bran and liar.
The latter Is very weak and dull.
BRAN— JI43IS per ton.
MIDDLINGS— «T©U 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barter. IIS 60-31" SO
per ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. l^yiT; Job
bing. $27 50©!S: Cocoanut Cake. Uv'.jli: Corn
meal. !J3 V&24 50; Cracked Corn. $24825; Mixed
Feed. $16 50517; Cottonseed Meal. 128 per ton.
Wheat. 17 6005 for common to rood and
$9 60 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 $9; Oat.
|5 60-gS; Barl«y. tZigt JO; Alfalfa, $5«« per ton;
Compressed. J7SIO per ton.
STRAW— IS-gSOc per bait.
Beans and Seeds.
Prices for all descriptions remain as pre
viously quoted, and th» market Is dull, though
Beans are firmly held.
BEANS— Bay*. $1 2SSS M: small White. $2 >0
©3; large White. $2 4 "A? 2 50; Pinks, $1 t"~7 75;
Beds. $3 7584; Blaekeye. $4 5034 75; Butters.
nominal: Lima. $4 90#6. Pea. tHQ3 25. Red Kid
neys. $3 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3»XHc: Tellow Mus
tard, 4fi4Hc: Flax. $2 134: Canary. 3Hc per lb
for California and 4c for Etit<-rn: Alfalfa. 719
8c; Rape. ?H«j3o: Hemp. 424 I ,c; Timothy.
4 ©4 He.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 3391 50; Green, $1 73
©I 85 per c«.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
I Potatoes and Onions ar« quiet, with very lit
tle change. The Vegetable, market remains
about the same. Tomatoes and Cucumbers
have a wide range, according to' quality.
POTATOES— RIv«r Reds. Cfl»€sc: Hurbanks.
40^6T.0 per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. till Ore
gon Burbanks, 5"-<jsl 10; Sweet. Potatoes, 750
S.'c for Rivers and $I^l 10 for Merced.
•■•;•-■- T)»r ctl.
VEGETABLES-Gwn Peas. 7SlOc per lb;
String Beans, 4QBc; Cabbage. 4*S^>c, Tomatoes,
106.*>0c. Ix>a Angeles Tomatoes, $1; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles. Pc; Dried Okra. li4c i>»r
lb; Garlic^ J^4e; Green Peppers from Los An
geles, te; Dried Teppers, 101 -. Carrots. JO©
40c per sack. Cucumbers. JO^T:-: Los Angeles
Summer Squash. 435 c; Marrowfat Squash, $12
615 per ton; Mushrooms, lvClT'^c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The outlook for Poultry la not very good for
the next few days. There were i--v-ral unsold
cars on the market at the close yesterday, and
several more are announced for the beginning
of the week. No dressed Turkey* came In, so
there were no quotations.
Game was In large supply and weak and
there was some left on hand at the close.
POULTRY— Lire Turkt-y*. I<>tjri2c for Gob
biers and Ws\lv for Hens; l>re»»ed Turkey
; Geese, per pair, $1 7*£2; Goslings,
$1 'i<&i; Duck*. S4fl4 50 for oil and K'ai fir
young; Hens. $3 50<g» 50; Young Roosters. Jig* 80;
Old Rooters. 5484 M; Fryers, S3 50<34: tiers.
S3WXS4 for large. S3ff3 50 for small; Pigeons, $1
per zen for old and 11 "tyi for Squab*.
GAME— Quail. 12: Mallard, $S««; Canvas
back, S4g6: Sprig. 12&2 M; Teal. V 32 50;
Widgeon, fl 7592; Small Duck. SI SO; Doves,
75ofm per dozen: Han SI Ml 50; Rabbits.
SI 75; Gray O«es«. »3*i3 M: White. tiff 1 50;
Brant. $17532 30; Honkers. S3; English Snipe,
|203 M per dozen; Jack Snipe. SI 25.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are going down. While stocks are not
large they are accumulating and dealers are '
making concessions to effect sales. Neverthe- ,
less buyers refuse to take hold and offers to sell
fine ranch at Me were not taken up yesterday.
Butter and Cheese show no change whatever.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 15826 c; seconds,
25©24 c.
Dairy— Fancy. 22HC23c: good to choice. 213
22c: common. JOc.
Pickled roll. 21322Hc; flrkln. 20<821e; creamery
tub. K-&J4O.
Eastern— lTSlSc for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mill new, 12#i;%c; old, :
imc; Young America. 124513 c: Eastern. 15^©
It.- Western. 134fllS<- per lb.
EGGS— Quoted at 2''s3oc for common and 40
$41c per dozen for ranch. Eastern— Cold stor
•R«-. ! v 'i '■'•■■ for firsts and lie (or *econ<is; (rein.
23fi25c per dor. _______^__
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Th« market Is well supplied with Orange*,
and the tendency is downward. Lemons are
quiet, but steady. Fresh Mexican Limes have
arrived.
Apples are easy with th« exception of fancy
red. which will bring th« top quotation.
Quinces are about out. Grapes are a drug, as
nobody wants them.
DECJDLOLi. FRUITS—
Apples. SJ'gfCSc per box for common. 7.*>SXl for
good and SI rsiJi 73 for choice; Lady Apples.
>■ 7"f?2 25 r*" r box.
BERRlEs— Strawberries. tlOfgU per cheat for
small and II 'J«d'- for large berries; Raspberries.
S«fjs per chest: Blackberries. ; Cape Cod
Cranberries. $B#9 M; Coos Bay Cranberries.
$1 5091 75 per box.
Persimmons. SSIiMc per box.
Grapes, I.'^oOc per box; crate*. 40€€50.
Win- I'e*r». SocSSl 75 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NavaI Oranges. Stftt per
box: Seedlings. U2.*fi2: Japanese Manilarlns,
SI W^2; Pomelo*. Sl«?5 50; Umoni, Slfrl 50
for- commcn and SI'S 350 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes. $3 Tioi?i4 50; Bananas, SI *SJZ
per bunch. Pineapples. Slf?2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Xuts, Raisins.
Th* markets ar« quiet all around, the Pall
demand being over. From now ..n nothing
but a Jobbing trade la UptetM,
DRIED FRUlTS— Prune*. in sacks. «%c for
40-o«i"s. <>, ■ ' .' to* 50-60's. 3\c for 60-70"s, 3Hc
for 70-sO'e. 2c for SO-OTs and !\c for SO-100's.
Apricot*. 11©13 c for Royals, 114618 c for Moor
parks and 12iTHc for Blenheims; Peaches, 59
SV»c for Standards, &C«H« for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches. 12^t?15c; Evaporated
Apples. :il'.\c: Sun-dried, J^S^c per lb. Nec
tarines. sm*9c t>er lb for red; Pears. 6^Bc for
quarter* and S6loc for halves; Black Figs. 29
lUc; White Figs. 4©« c: Bleached Plums. 6g3c;
Unbleached Plums. 7tS"4c for pitted and l>*c
for unfitted. -
RAISIN 3— Bleached Thompson s— Fancy, per
lb 10c; choice. 9c: standard. 8c; prime. 4c; un
bleached Thompson^. p«r lb. «c. Sultanas—
Fancy per lb. 64c; choice. "He; standard. I'^c:
prime sc; unbleached Sultana". >, Seedless,
SO-Ib boxes. sc. !-crown looe-e Muscatels, 5Hc;
3-crown. «Vie: 4-crown. 7c; London Layers,
l-crown. $1 SO per box; 3-crown. II 80. Fancy
Clusters. $2; D«hesa. $2 50; Imperial. $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
ln NUTS^Chestnuts. ...'... Walnuts. SQiSia
NUTB— CUf inntt. S©l2',c; Walnuts. Jflji^c
for standards and 10«10Hc for softshell; >I
mcndJ. 114 c tor paper-shell. BHef9c for soft
and 5c for hardshell; Peanuts. i£O6^c for
Eastern and Sc for California; Brazil Nut*.
7>, u--; Filberts. ll«-«13c; Pecans, 10* lie;
Cocoanuts. $4 5^5.
HONEY- HHffl2c for bright and 10%3
lie tor Hfht amber: water white extracted. 7>*
Cic: light amber extracted. «?i©7c; dark. 5Hc
"'bEESWAX-I^Wc per In.
Provisions.
The market continue Quiet at unchanged
quotations.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 9\ic per ib for
heavy. We- tor light medium. 10«$e for light,
ll'.ic for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sui-wr-cured Hams. 124 c. California
Kami, nominal Mess Beef. 112 per bbl; extra
Mess. $13. Family. $14: extra Prime Pork. $14 50:
extra clear. $17 M; Mess. $1* 30; Smoked Beef,
14*, i«:.c ver 1b '■■
I,,RD- Tierces quoted at 64c per 1b f>r
compound and 1c for pure: half-barrels, pure,
7'Ac- 10-lb tins. 8c: 6-lb tins. B>%c.
COTTOLENB— Tierces. 7HS7^c per lb,|. ;
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Prices for all descriptions remain unchanged.
Hides and Wool are firm, and Hops and Tallow
are dull and weak.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotation*. Heavy salted steers.
live: medium. lM*c: Hunt, 10c; Cowhides. 109
104 c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. 10c; Calf. 10c;
Dry Hides, - sound, Uc; culls and brand*.
14c; Dry Kip and Veal, lee; Dry Calf. ls#
ISc: Sheepskins, yearlings. JPt(3sc each; «hort
Wool. 3; i S«Oc each; medium. 70<Qd0c: long Wool.
$131 2.". each;- Horse Hides, salt. $2 SO for large
and $161 50 for small; Colts. Me.
TALLOW— No. . 1 rendered. 6c per lb; No. 1.
44r: refined, (He; grew*. IHc.
WOOL—
Fall clip. San Jooqutn plains. R93^c: South
ern, iff 10c; Middle County. 104*13 V: Hnmboldt
and Mendocino. ISffltc; Eastern Oregon. 12t?15c; j
Valley Oregon. tfSl3c: Northern Mountain.
free. 11813 c; Northern Mountain, defective. 100
lie per Ib. '
• HOPS-«eiOo per Ib.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There Is no further change to report.
BEEF— TfiThc per Ib for Steers and «H^7o
for Cows.
VEAL— per Ik.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; •*«*. f*4e per Ib.
LAMB— per Ib.
PORK-Llve Hogs. S?'\o for small. JS»
l\c for medium and S©s"%c for largo; stock
Hogs and feeders. (He; dressed Hogs. 7OSSc.
General Merchandise.
Calcutta Grain Bags. 79TV»c: Wool
Bags. 28330 c: Fruit Bag*. «c. «'-;= and t\a for
the three grades of white and TV? for bleached
Jute.
Wellington. M p-r ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Eouthneld Wellington. $7 SO; Seattle. *7;
Bryant. «; Coo* Bay. $3; Wallaei »• Scotch.
; Cumberland. $3 75 In bulk and til 2$ in
•aek»: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. Ill; Can
net, |» £0 per ton; Rock Spririgs and Castl*
Gate. 11l 25; Cok«. $13 per ton In bulk and lli
In sacka.
■ R— The Western Surar Refining Com
pany quote*, terms net each. In 10>Vib bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5 He: Pow
dered. 6Hc; Candy Granulated. i-; Dry Granu-
Uted. 4T»c; Confectioner*' A 4?»e; California A.
— -; Magnolia A. «V: Extra C. «%ti Oolden
C. 4«4c; barrels. 1-lic more; half-barrels. Vie
more; boxes. 4c more; 50-lb bags. He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dcmlnoes, half-barrels. 6%c; boxes,
i 65*2 per ib.
*
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER J.
Flour, qr aks M.315 Brandy. »li .... 5.<%
: Wheat, ctls 3,t90 Wine gals . ... 37 co
Barley, ctla fM Ume. barrels .. 1«2
Oats, ctls 710 E*ks. do* 6,630
Corn. East. etls.. |JM Qulckailr-r Osks Us
Cera, ctls i:> Leather, rolls ... v;
Butter, ctla 170 Sugar, bhta 14.-,
Cheese, ctls 40;Sug-ar. sks »)
Hay, ton Bran, sks j*>
Wool, bags « Beans, sks 1 ZX)
Hides. No til' Potatoes. «ka .... j.m
Pelts, bndls S.SW Onions, sks .. gjs.
OREGON.
Flour. <jr sks.... 1.:-? Potatoes, sks .... 1.J20
Oats, ctls Bran, sks ISO
» i
THE STOCK MARKET
Securities went dull on th« morning session,
with weaker price* lor Centra Costa Water an !
H"r."ka* Plant*"
Bales of bonds on the Bond Exchange during
the first eleven months of the year amounted to
J0.736.760, again*-. »1.4».000 during th« sam«
time In l£3s. The sales of stock were ttt.'£A
shares, against 4C2.534."
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Dec. 3-:! m.
Bld.Aik. BU. Ask.
C S Bonds— I Eqult G L Co. 34 <
4s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. — 134
4s <juar reg w .. — — O<i L & H.... 434 «',
4s quar new... — — ! Par Gas Imp.. — 47
U uuar c iup...10H4 — I Pac Light Ho* 434 —
MltK.elUneous— fB FG & E.... ■ 654
Cal-st Cab Ss.ll7\ — San Francisco. 34 —
C C Wat »• ...urn — Stockton Oas.. 12 —
Ku L « f 6a. 134 - Insurance—
X A Cl Ry «s.ll» — Flrem's Fund. 2224 —
Geary-st R i*. — N lur.k Stocks—
UC * S S4s 113 — An*lo-Cal Si -
L A Ky 6s — 1C« Bank of Cal... 450 403
L A LCo >.. n — Cal dD & T.. Vi 4»l
Do gntJ «s.. 99 — First Nat: m1...3j .'Co
Do gntd 55.. — 102 Lin P A A....1&41314
LA.v V * £».K-i — Merchnts' Ex. — M
lUrk-i-it ts...i:i\- |Nev Nat 8k...190 —
Do Ist M 55.117 — .-a\ir.«» Banks—
N CN G R Ts.lU — Ger S & L....1740 —
MR of Cal 85.114 — Hum S & L...1<j60 11«
NR of Cal &S.USHII44 Mut Suv Bk.. it «•
X PC R R «5.102 — 3 V Say V... SOO —
N PC R R &S.ICS — |Bay A L So.. — M
N Cal R R 55109 — Sec Say 8k... — lit)
OGL 4 H t0. 1079* — Union T Co.. 14") 1440
1 a it Trun £.«.. — US Street Railroads—
Oak v. Co 6...M — California US lii
Ocean S S 55.10S — Geary M —
Ora C Ry fa...U6';iH IMarket-st U«i C 3
PsiCl Ry 65.. 108 — Oak .- LAH. - M
Pk * O icy 65.U5 — Presidio — £1
Powell-st R 6s — 113 Powder—
Bac El G .vlt:s — — California 165 —
SFAN Pi* 115 — E Dynamite... S3 —
F F A SJV t«.1154 — Giant Con Co. Sl4 M
5Ry of Cal U.loSfc - Vlgorlt t^ —
6Pof A 65... 113 1134 Hugar^
S P C 65(1905). — 111 Har.a P C 0.... IK —
fi P C 6stl»!).in — Haw CABCo Si 92H
S P C «s'l9:j>.US'4 — Honokaa S Co. 23 Z3\
SPCIs eg ss. — — .Hutch 8 P Co. XI —
SPBr «• 1234 — I Kllauea S Co.. — 2:4
S V W.it 65.... 114 i; - Makawelt 9Co 4414 4Si;
£ V Wat 4s 1C341Q34 'Onomea 3 Co. 54** —
a V W4s(34ro).100H10l faauhau S Co. 31\ 324
Stkton Gas 69. — — I Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— A! Pack Assn.ll74 —
Contra Co*ta.. 7«4 76»i!M?r Xx Amin.. — mo
Martn County.. .V) — ; Oceanic S Co.. — 96
Pprlnr Valley. 76S — Pac A F A.... 1H -
Ga» and Electric— Pac C Bor C 0.1424150
Cent Ga« C 0... — — Par Paint Co.. i 4 —
Cent L, A P... - •
■ mine Session.
Board—
It Alaska Packers' A«!«n 117 M
M Contra Cost* Water 7« 73
23 Contra Costa Water "S 624
20 Equitable Gas 5 M
23 Honokaa 8-1 374
40 Hnnokaa 33 23
CO Honokaa 33 124
100 Honokaa 33 00
$«00 Oakland Otui Bonds 107 W
30 On«mca Sutir Co 34 10
ISO S F Gas tz Klcctrlc Co 55 00
40 S F C-a.% &■ Electric Co .; X 3 124
10 S F Gus it Electric «'o. • 30 r>3 23
5 S ■•■ Gas ft Electric Co 33 50
60 S V Wat»r M 75
IMS V Water H 30
ICO Vljtorlt Powder 1 ITH
Street—
J3OCO Los An«el«s-Pac!flc R R Bonds 104 CO
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Se»»lon.
Board—
JO Alaska Packers' Ann 117 10
10 Alaska Packers' Awn 117 2-*>
30 Alaska Packer*' A»an 117 \Z\i
CO Con'.ra Costa Water 77 00
10 Otant Powder Con *3 00
20 Hawaiian Coml A Sugar »2 i:»,
30 HutcblßMn 8 P Co 27 2i
20 Hutchlnson S P Co 27 37Vi
30 Market Street Railway «2 23
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE,
Morning Session,
Board—
lfW Tidal Wave 2 OS
1" Tidal Wave 2 10
100 Tidal Wave 2 is
350 Barker Ranch Oil Co 1 15
ICOO Century Oil Co M
200 Anaconda • 1 C 5
1 Duquesce 206 00
50 Yukon 3 20
100 Yukon 2 23
Street—
100 Shamrock 2 00
£00 Oakland Oil & Gna Co 10
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCUANOD.
Morning Session.
Board—
1100 Dominica <o
200 Dominion 43
Three-tenths Home Oil Co at SHOO per ■bar*
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Andes 14 300 Mexican M
200 B-lcher 3" 100 Ophlr 1 15
200 Best A Belcher 60 600 Potosl JO
50 Calendonla 5* V.O Ravage M
-150 Con Cal • Va..2 10 200 Savage U
230 Con Cal 4 Va..2 03 400 Sierra Nevada. 4*
200 Crown Point 20 300 Sierra Nevada. *■'>
300 Could & Curry 20 200 Union Con 3S
200 Gould A Curry 21 100 Union Con 37
200 Hale & Norc... 41 ICO Yellow Jacket. 13
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes M 1150 Mexican 54
COO Andes IT 3(4 Mexican .... 57
400 Best A Belcher 50 ero Mexican «0
1200 Best & Belcher *> ua Occidental 15
iCO B*st & Belcher 52 ISOO Ophlr I 1)
300 Bent & Belcher 13 11 -0 Ophtr I\i
WO Con Cal 4 Vi . 101 300 Ophlr 1 Ijvj
200 Con Cal & V.2 :-„ 3OT Poto«l 2?
300 Con Cal A V.2 I2H S<» Savage »
»00 Con Cal A Va..2 li 5W Sierra Nevada 43
200 Con Cal A V. 2 22H! 300 Sierra Nevada. 44
700 Con Cal & Va..2 2J; CO Sierra Nevada. 4>
COO Con Cal A V.2 2TVij "10 Union Con ... M
400 Crown Point.... 21 600 Union Con 40
300 Hale A Norc... 43 50» Utah »
400 Hale A Norc... 44 s*) Utah 10
tOO Justice 09
••: Qt OTATIOXS.
SATURDAY. Dec 2-12 m.
Bld.A*k.i Bid Aik
Alpha <<i (''-■ Kentuck 01 l*
Alta 04 0? Lady Wash.... — m
Andes IS 17' Mexican S3 61
Belcher 11 33 1 Occidental 17 _
Best A Belcher 53 Ophlr 1 v ij)
Bullion 06 Cf' Overman 1? li
Caledonia M — Potosl 5j j^
Chollar 23 M Savage 1< ij
Challenge Con. 24 1* Scorpion C —
Confidence .85 M 1 Sex fielcher.... oi W
Con Cal & Va..2 23 210 Sierra Nevada. 47 «•
Con Imp«rial.. '". Cl Silver Hill 04 —
Crown Point... 22 23 St Louis — e«
Exchequer — C 2 FtamUrd ... 275fl «5
Gould A Curry 20 22 Syndicate .... _ f«
Hale A Norc... 42 43 Union Con 44 41
Julia — OS Utah I d M
Justice r ~ 10: Yellow Jacket. IS 1J
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrofraphlc Offlc*. U. 8. ».. Mer-
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
December 2. int.
The tlm* ball on the tow«r of th« new Ferry
building was drcrped at exactlr n >oa to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 11 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m.. Greenwich time.
C. n. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. I* 8 N.. In >ff*.
Sim, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
Time* and Heights o! High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Dan
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of th* Superintendent.
NOTE— Th« high and low water* occur at
the city fror.t (Mlsaton-street wharf) about
tw»nty-ftve minutes later than at Fort Point;
th» height of ttd* Is th* mn« at both plac*s.
SUNDAT. DECEMBER 3.
Sun ris*s :: i)
Sun sets 4;jj
Moon sets o*l a, m.
Q Time Tlm«j Tlm« |Tlm*|
E Ft. Ft. Ft. \~ — I art.
•jH W L W II W| |l, Wl
t ... 0:»— «« (.*;, 3.: 1)14 i.Z\ < -i"J
4 ... 1:14 4.7 :i\ i.t; 11:10 (.1 «:41;— 1.3
5 ... 4.» «:2* ».l 12:*)— «.» 7:30— 1'»
• ... 2:4« S.I 7:30] 3.0 1:17 t.7 sD — )..'
7 ... an 3.4! l:U[ : < J::i t.4 ».-.-. — t
8 ... 4:lS] 5.5' t:0 1.5 «:it 4.»! 10:«!».l
* ... 5:00 S.« U:CO l.t 4:C 4.5 10:S7i 0.7
\ f
NOTE— In th« above exposition of th» tide*
the early morning tides »-• given In th« 1-".
hAnd column and the success!** tides of tha
Jay In the or«!»r pf occurrence as to time. Tin
recond t:rr.<> ooluar.n gives th* secocd t! !* ■ f
the day. th* third time column th* thin! ti li
and th* last cr right hand column gives th«
last tld* of the day. except when th-r- ar* but
rhre* tides, as sometimes occurs. Th* heights
given are in addition to th* aoundings on th*
United Ststes Coast Survey, charts. *xr«pt
when a minus e!rri (— ) precedes th* height,
and then the number given Is aubtraetM from
th* depth given by the charts. Th* plan* cf
refer** '• la the mean of th* lower low wa*er».
Stt\
TO AKKIVr
atta.T.er. ) '••■.'
-*-
) 1
Point Ar«na Pclnt Arena |D«c.
[jlißi* : Pu*»t Sound '!><•.
tVl!!am«tte ..l?'attl» lD«c.
Wa:u Wa11a....] Victoria * Fu«#t SoonJ.Dvc
Pomona ... {Humbotdt — Dec.
IVashtenaw .... Y.i ■ .-.a I Dec.
nrtitol 'Inrarture Cay jt>?.
Mackinaw 'Seattle >D«c.
Samoa ;llu.i.L :i!i Dec.
Ikinlta IXewport Dec.
rc^jullle RlTrr..]Grmy» Harbor D*r.
Kmplrc [Com liny !>••■■
I'rracent C.Jy.-iCrMcest «.tty.«. I>?.
[>el Nort* Cr*»ctnl City D*>;.
Alwr(!«n (Portland D«c.
Portland 'I'lirtlanl D»c.
Homer [Coos Pay Dec.
Arrata ,Coo» Bay ....^.. !>•<;.
Exrelilor .Seattle !•■-.
1
3
I
Victoria S»attl» '!>•••.
A. Blanchar4..'<'oo« lUy \tfe.
Alnha •Tlllam'wk !D*c.
South Portland Tacoma I •>-■-.
North Fork iHumU>ldt Dec.
Australia 1 Honolulu D*e.
WelUnffton ....Il^rart'-""' fay D*c.
:-ar.ta lion ;P.tn I -i-k < I- :.
i.vtumtU . :I'.>rtlar..l jp»c
■wsniwtwn ....fr»»T6rture Bar. [iwcr^
I'mattlla {Victoria & »-j,-«: Souo>i'l>ec.
Han ' •• I" in- . •. .!'»-.
Cor* Bay S j « :- rt f--.
AU!ane« "r»r n Ports I'--.
Orizaba Vancouver I t>«c.
5
<
•1
-
I
«
1 \
Albion jTlllamook Dec. 1
<
•
11
I
ra
Stmm«r. I V-"
I Pt»r.
Btat«of Ca! Portland Dec.
Corona 'San Piego I»*c.
N»«lur< ..(Grays Harbcr'Dec.
Pomona ...!Humboldt ,Dec.
On .-*r.,?.... ■ ;i.-. i. v J.i; \r. ;■•■■.
Homer ....iOrejon Porti. '!>•«.
Arcata [Coo» Bar !D«c.
CoqutlU Rv;fJrayi Harbor'Deo.
Bonn* |New(>ort D«o.
nrr.-a . .. 'Humboldt !•»:.
Walla Wall! Vie i- Pkl Sd. Dec.
Curacao ...]Mexico P«c.
Al-r'.>-n ...Portland P*«.
North ForkHumNildt D«o.
b'anta Rota San Dtego Dec.
.-.r, Dlaa..., Panama Dec.
Columbia ..i Portland Dec.
PL Arena.. 'Point Arena.. Pec.
Coo« 8ay...l Newport D«c.
Albion iTUlam<x>k.....' i Dec.
I j
. 4. 10 amjptsr .1
. 4. 11 am Pier 11
. 4. I it.
. S. - pra'P>r >
. S. 1 tnVPMrfS
. I. 1* am I Pier Ti
1. 5. 11 in! Pl«r 13
. (, S pm
. C, » ampler 11
. C. Dnlvr I
. 7. 1") are Pier *
. T. 19ara'Pl*r 11
. 7. I pm]
. I. »am'Pl«r 3
. I. 11 am h-r U
. 8. 12 in PUS*
. ». l><im'Pt*r 21
. 9. I pin Pier I
. 10. 9 am; Pier 11
. IS. S pm Pier J
Notice to Mariners.
Notice Is hereby given that on and after this
•late a fixed white lantern light wtll b# ex
hibited, suspended t") feet above the water from
on arm on a cluster of three rlt»« in 10 fe«t
of water, off the extreme westerly enJ at
Grand Island, at the Junction of Old lUvcr
with the Sacramento River. California.
This eottce affects the "List of Lights *«.!
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast. t»." pax* 14. a-'ter
No. 3H, and the "List of « -ons and Bucri.
Pacific Coast. IS3$." page 25.
By order ol the Light) aurt.
U. SEBREE.
Commander. U. S. N..
Ir.xpector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. December t
Stmr Corona. Debne>y. C 3 hours from Baa
Diego and way ports.
Strar Point Arena. Har.sen. 14 hours from
Mer.dodno.
U S strar Grant. Buford. 23 days 14 hourm
from Manila, via Nasa«akt 17 day* 13 hours
23 minutes.
Schr Monterey. Knudstn. 23 hours from Eu
reka.
Schr Nawrk. Beck. 1% hwrs from Albion.
CLE.VRED.
Saturday. December 2.
Stmr George TV Elder. 1:\-.'.j'\. Astoria; O
RAN'
Br stmr Belgian King. Wei»s, San Dleg% Yo
kohama and Hongkong: Cal A Oriental - S Co.
Nor itmr TeKus. .-men. Naoalmo; Jean
Rosenf eld's Sons.
SAILFTD.
Saturday. December 1
Stmr Queen, Jepsen. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Coos Bar. Ole!ow, San Pedro.
Stmr OJpnv. Leland. Santa Trua.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson. Fort Hra<r».
Stmr Progresi->, filing. Tacoma.
Schr Iry. .••l»on. .
Stmr Alblw. Ericsson. Tlllamrtolc Bay.
(* S ftmr Warren. Hart. Manila and Hono
lulu.
Nor itmr T«llus. Pederson. Naaalmo.
Br ship GlenbrecVt. Bind. Queeastnwn.
Fr schr Tamarll Tahiti. Dexter. Tahiti.
S?hr Barbara Henuter. AnAndHß. Fcrt
Bragg. . •;
BPOK
Nov 15. lat 12 N. lon :« W— Dr ihlp Tlato Hill,
from Hull, fur San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Left In port at Nacwakl to sail next day ye
San Francisco U 8 *tmr Sheridan.
MISCELLANEOUS,
GRAYS HAnßOll— Arrived DM %-€tmr
Grace D<j!lar. from San Francisco, and reports
Dec 1 eff Cape Fcu'weather spnke schr Volante.
from San Francisco for Oxjutlle River, 10 days
out. short of provisions. Wu supplied by itmr
Grace Dollar with same.
T F.LEO RAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. D«: 2. 10 p m- Weather
hazy; wind rag«n
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Off Port Vom Dec S— Bark
Ferris S Thcmpwon. hence Oct S. for D*par
tur- Hay. b.-irk Highland Light, henc* Oct 11.
for l>eparture Bay
TACOMA— Arrived Nor 10— nr ttmr Bearnn
shlr«. from" Yokohama. Dec I—Btr1 — Btr Umatllla.
hence Nor JT.
PORT TOWXSKND- Arrived Pee I— Scbr W
F Wltzetr.ann. hence, Xov 21; schr C II Mer
chant, from Pan PMro. for Tacoma: bktn Kll
kltat. frora P"rt Oamhle. for Honolulu; sehr
Philippine, from Port Blakeley. for Manila.
Baited Dec I— Schr W F Wltzemann. for Poet
Blakeley.
ASTORIA-Ealled Dec 2-Stmr AVnlm. far
San Francisco.; stmr Portland, for San Fran
cl«co: itmr Signal, for San Frandteo.
EUREKA— Arrived D«c :-Stmr North Fork,
hence Nov *).
Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Palled Dec *-Strar Lo
►l!a. for San Francisco; mr Ruth, for Ban
Francisco: stmr National City, fcrr Fan Fran
cisco: stmr CcxrolUe River, for Fir. Francisco.
Arrived Dm 2— Schr Cha» R \Vl!»on. from
Honolulu; schr Manr E Russ. henc* Nor :::
refer John F MlMer. from Bmmm stmr Grac«
Dollar, fcenc* Nor 23. ~- • ■
POP.T LOS* ANGELES-Arrtved Dec *-Be
■hip Glendrvin. from H iTnNirjf
PORT ANGF.L.ES-Hailed D*c I— Rr ship K»
lat. for Han Francisco.
I«ORT B LAKELET— Arrived Dec t-BVk
James N Smith. h»r.r# Nor 2X
FOREIGN POUTS.
PANAMA— Arrived Nor l!i« stmr Barra
couta. b^nc« Oct IS. Nor ll— Stmr Peru. henc«
lift a.
Sailed Nor l>-SUnr Fan Jo»». for Fan Fran
cisco.
KAICHOW-Salled Nor 2t-Ger thtp Nerus.
for Oregon.
MAZMUN Ball*! Nor IJ-«»r hark njreo.
for Onron.
HI I/)— Arrived Nor 1»-Bktn Archer, nenca
Oct 51. , :
KAHULUI-Anived Nor I-Bktn Newsboy.
from Newnutlo. Ns»\T.
VALPARAISO— Arrived Dec I— Bktn Echo,
from Chemalnus.
KOnE— Arrived Nor *V- Br «tmr Alfo*. from
Hongkon*. for San Francisco.
NANAIMO— Arrived D«? I— Haw »nnr Ita
Mateo. from Port Loa Angel»-
Shipping Continued on Page 18.
1920
SOCIETY ATTENDS ST. LUKE'S FAIR.
Cxnry and youthful
-
b mo»t
i ■ ■■:
■
' and
■
■
■ . versa-
WHITE LAWFULLY
WEDDED TO HIS
"INDIAN LUCY"
Jones Awards
r a Divorce.
C JTY IS THE GRCUND
EIGHTS WILL BE DE-
D LAIER.
-Indian i-'jcy" Hlte has been adjudt;-*!
tri« lawful i\lfe of John It. Hite. the
Mari|M>ha County capitalist, and. ai-
Ihougb he has taUon In her place another
woman— O.-» <<■ 11a Nnugcs— the court has
d<-nrn:lr.cd that she shall enjey her por
tk'n cf the wealth ho found when the
people of her tribe. In answer to her plea,
guided nlzn through the forests and over
the dererts to the mines that bear his
name to-day. A few years ago Hlte left
bl* aged :•■:.:. wife and marned. he tos
tili'J. Cecelia Nouses. Friends appn?o-l
JLucy of her richts ard a few mantns
aim Fhe filed suit apainst Hlte for a dl
\nrrc on the (rrouud of Infidelity, nam
inp Cecelia Nouses as co-respondent; tor
ollmnny and for a division of the commu
nity property. Owing to various motions
for a change of venue the case finally
went to Judge Joypph P. Jones of Contra
Coata County for trial. The scene of the
trial was transferred to this city. Weeks
wore occupied in taking testimony And
argument of counsel. After havlns tho
ra>i> un^T submission but a fihort time
.li:<lc«* Jnnf* yesterday handed down Mb
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*$& DREAM 0/r
MOTHERHOOD
COMES TRUE
. WHEN ;
Dr. PIERCES
fAVORITE PRESCRIPTION
IS USED.
Mrs. Axel Kjer. of Gordon
Cape Girafdeau Co., Mo., writes :
•■ Wlicn I look at my little boy I feel
it my duty to write you. Perhaps
some one will see my testimony and
be led to use your ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion * and be blc-sscd in the same way.
I took nine bottles and to my sur-
prise it carried me through and gave
us as fine a little t»y as ever was.
Weighed ten and one-half pounds.
He is novr live months old, has never
been sick a day, and is so strong that
every body who sees him wonders at
him. He is so playful and holds him-
self up so well." • ' 1 I i
Around the many booth* something
ran be found for all— from the little
ones to whom the new St. Luke's will
be all that they will know, to those
whose memories will forever cling
around the older fane that was built
when Its surroundings were far lan
pretentious than now. Not a nook or
support Is left bare, but flags and dec
orations, leaves and bright berries are
everywhere.
In the children's corner Is a mysterl-
Itaf h oranges and
I, and any speculator can for a
•ne piece of
I the • ■■ >:mcnt invariably
gives great juvenile HUtstactlon. In
another place can be found score* of
opinion, awarding Lucy a divorce on the
ground named. $4000 with, which to fur
ther prosecute her action for a division
of the community property and alimony
in the sum of JT.O a month cendinc the
tinai determination of her action.
In his opinion Judge Jones finds that
during part of the years IS7O and I*7l
she lived with John R. Hue. the de
fendant. She left him In the latter part
of ISTI and went to live near a place
called Schneiders Mill. In the early part
of 1*72 she again returned to live witn
him at Hitcs Cove and remained with
him there until 1S«). when she went with
him to Indian Peak, about sixteen miles
from HUM Cove.. In Mariposa County,
and remained there till the latter part of
li&6. During this period they occupied
the same house and same room, f lite
fiaid her board, furnished her with cred
t and payed her bills at Hltes Cove and
the Alta Ranch, where they remained
and lived together until the time when lie
left Mariposa County for a trip through
Mexico. New Mexico and Arizona., mak
ing iom investments. On his return
plaintiff claims that their relation* were
changed and they became husband and
wife, and this raises th*> principal Issue
In this m«p- that of marriage. The opin
ion continues:
Many u-itnrrivs have seen called anil t*s
tir,«Nj on l»^h»ir of both rarties— to th«
number -of about one hundred-many as to
the QueMion of rejiute in Max'.posa County
tut to defendant and platntlfT oems husband
.-.-.'. xriia. and by what nam<>« the slalntiff
««k there known. . The large majority ff
withe**** knew her .m Hlte's wife. Mrs.
Hire, 1-ury Hit*-; ml M.m» as Hlte's enuaw.
Some witness*-* knew them as hi;. band and
wife; and others that they were not hu»
band and wife. Some <">f the witnesses who
testified that they were not himband and
wife di-I m, on the ground that they had
n?v»r known that they had a license, or
that any ceremony, either by minister,
jrieht or officer 'if the law. was ever i*r
formed. and hen they could net be husband
and wife. The defendant Hlte'n relatives
kn«»w her as L«ury. But all the wltnessea
«be ■•■•■■ the vnrtlc-s iurln* the period
practically mrr"«e that from the early part
O( IST? to the i»;ter part of ISSO. a period of
nearly fifteen yum. the plaintiff was living
with the deVntJ.int.- and other witnesses
who kr.ew the parties f..r a shorter l>er?od
testified to the yame effect.
TL* . iilnttfT also knew Hite from her
childhood. And from the testimony she
o»iiW! to be the wife of the defendant.
She testified that he Bent for her to come
and n« w<ull make her hi* wife. She went
to his house. At Hlte« Cove, there followed
such an agreement and understanding be
tween them, that she lived with him from
1172 to KM at Hltea Cove, when he moved
to Indian Peak and established a home,
taking her with him. remaining the con
tinuously until the latter part of l««. mak
ing a continuous period of more than four
teen rears that he lived with her before he
became restless and went away, returning
thereafter only occasionally, bat furnishing
her support and paying her bills, even
thouch his affection for the plaintiff had
waned. ITntll he became Infatuated with
Cecelia Nous** he recognl»e<i hi* obligation
to the plaintiff. And this was the first time
he made h:m.>-elf believe that the plaintiff
had no further claims on him, or for sup
port, after having recocnlzed and ae
knowiedped her to many people, some of
whom have testified here, as his wife for a
I-erlod of twenty-five years. ■•■■
It would be aeainst good conscience, (rood
morals and arainst the interest of society
for the court to fall to recornlie th" obli
gations th« testimony shows he assumed for
that lone rerlod. •;. i-
The marrlare. to my mind. Is establi«'"J
from the evidence, under the law of this
Hate as Jt existed prior to the adoption of
1L»- codes, and John n. HI I',1 ', the def.nJ
ant. should be held to provide a support for
the . lajntiT.
Defendant Mite, though In the vigor of
manhood when he first began to live with
th« plaintiff. Is now an old man: thi plain
tiff, her hair almost white with a*e, is with
out means to sustain and prosecute her ac
tion, and. as It appears, without means of
mj.j.nrt. and means should be provided as
suit money In this case in the sum of $4<yx>.
And for her support and ! maintenance the
sum of !•'■" ncr month during the pendency
of this action.
The plaintiff Ib entitled to a decree of di
vorce dissolving the bonds of matrimony ex
isting between the plaintiff and defendant.
Permanent support Is based on the.prop
erty rights of the parties— and all property
riAta were reserved to b» adjusted and
tried after the court had determined the
question of marriage and temporary all
mony and expenses of suit.
Music at Grace Church.
The usual musical festival, takes place
i-.t Grace Church this evening. The pro
gramme Includes Chopin's '"Funeral
March" to Tennyson's words. "Ring Out,
Wild Bells"; a new barytone solo by Ho
mer Henley; tenor solo, "Prayer From
Rienzl." by I. F. Waco, advent anthem.
"Immanuel" (Thayer); unaccompanied
double quartet, and a grand Thanksgiv
ing anthem, "To Thee. 0 Country" (Elch
lerg). William H. Holt will be at the
organ. • •-..-; . . ;
Waated in Mill Valley.
I George Jones was arrested yesterday
i afternoon by Dotective Fitzgerald and
| Policeman Folsom and booked at the City
Prison en route to Mill Valley. He is
wanted there on the charge of embezzling
funds belonging to Wheeler. Martin &
Co.. for whom he was a collector. Jones
blames a woman for his trouble.
■ ♦ ■
New music book. "Wee Wee Songs for
Little Tots." by McCurrle. composer of
"Rival Queens"; Illustrated, Me. Ready
1 ember 6. •
THE SAX FHAiX CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1899.
useful and pretty things that are
prized by parents, while there are nu
merous tables laden with choice gifts
for those who are neither parents nor
children. Noticeable among the little
i>lgns displayed for the enlightenment
of the guests Is a poster, which unfor
tunately does not show Its bright au
thor. It reads. "Order your hassocks
here. ONLY those like samples will
be allowed In the new church." Many
orders were placed.
But although the practical side of
the bazaar Is much In evidence, the
social side has been equally well taken
care of. The corner where light re
freshments are served by many charm-
Ing young ladles continually presents
the appearance of a reception room
and gives rise to a suspicion that the
attraction Is not confined to the tea,
maecaroon or water Ice. Half a dozen
young gentlemen In snow-white wait
ers' suits passed around with their
trays of bonbons in a manner so Invit
ing that they did a business quite
brisk.
In a quaintly furnished room, amid
tapestries and lamps of Oriental pat
tern, sat the palmist, and those who
were curious to know the secrets held
by their hands could be accommodated
for a modest sum. The lad-ies noted
with gratified surprise the large
amount of Interest that was shown in
the palmist's tent.
The ladles have kept their word that
there phould be none of that Importun
ing that is so often a distasteful fea
ture of social fairs. This difficulty
has been dispensed with by the most
commendable of means. The selection
of articles and of attractions Is such
that the "spieler." by any aristocratic
name whatsoever. Is not - necessary to
aid in the dispensing of goods.
Th<» attendance both afternoon and
even.- was very large, and the- affair
partook largely of the- nature of a re
ception as well as a bazaar. I; will be
open Monday evening.
HIS TYPEWRITER
MUST BE YOUNG
AND BEAUTIFUL
«
Dr. Chamley's Insult
ing Circular.
SENT TO MANY YOUNG WOMEN
POLICE ABE INVESTIGATING
THE SPECIALIST'S METHODS.
Dr. S. R. Chamley.who eradicates can
cers and tackles tumors "by magic." ac
cording to tho flaring headlines of a
gaudy letterhead bearing the alleged pic
ture of the medical wonder, has fallen
under the watchful eyes of the detective
force of the local police department- A
peculiar and somewhat suspicious circu
lar that the "doctor" has been mailing to
many respectable young women of the
city has reached the authorities and a
most searching investigation of bis
methods is being made.
As a charmer of tho gentler sex the
•\l.>rmr" is laboring under the hallucina
tion that hfl ll the "real thing." and his
. circular has all but convinced several
young girls that ("hamley in everything
that he cracks himself up to be. It Is pvi
dent from the epistle, which promises to
fret him into much trouble, that the ul
eged medicine man is using the same
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Flrtt Baptist. T. M. C. A . Ma-->n and
Ellis streets— Rev. E A. Woods.
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. George Olbeon.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Post street, near
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
St. Mary's. California and Dupont streets—
Paullat Fathers.
St. Ignatius. Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street— Jesuit Fathers.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. Father I'render
gaat. V. O.
St. Peter's. Twenty-fourth and Alabama,
streets— R*v. P. C. Yorke.
Richmond Congregational, corner Seventh
avenue and Clement street— Rev. Philip
Coombs.
Bethany Congregational. Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. William C. Pond.
Oltvet Congregational. Seventeenth and Noe
streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
First Congregational, corner Post and
Mason streets— Rev. George C. Adams.
Third Con(tr«-K«tlonal. Fifteenth street, near
Mission— Rev. William Rader.
Trinity. Bush and Uough •treets— Rev, H.
S. Hanson.
Grace. California and Stockton streets-
Rev. Dr. Foute.
St. Ijuke's. Van Ne?s avenue and Clay
street— Rev. I>. C. Garrett, rector.
Trinity M. E.. corner Market, Sixteenth
and MM streets— Rev. Theodore H. Wood
ward.
Central M. X.. Mission street, near Sixth-
Rev. S. D. Hutslnplllar. 111 1 IV
First M. E.. Powell street, near Washing
ton—Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Grace M. E.. corner Twenty-first and Capp
streets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
i Starr King A. M E. Zflon. 806 Stockton
•treet— Rev. T. Brown.
Hales.
%^-^IP \ oss' zJ^y al! about th© new firm!
" I tfr ? *'^Jz ' I,W >VrAV>^^^^/V A new firm In Frisco, a jolly one. too. (|£ \.
•Vh YV¥/// i'U f/^i/ A holiday store and a holiday crew. N V^<PV^>' 'NX .4m
,^-iV^ x <J{\\ I Santa claus ' headquarters, ir fact his store. . jf^ '*■ /'^Sffij
jf?^tf\Wsr*'*' % "* yUJiwa^XiirM)*. >K^7 And what a success 1 . Why. its paoked to the door. oW^—+^ ">>^/
P^.\]ll>l , it, s^tWtoffij*'-'* V-* VS. Now lust look at that name and study it. too, Pz^f '»"
' '.^N °1 It HilsiV>^JWl<!lg^aßslk*tiU^f \\\ And we think you'll notice It isn't all new. /V"*"/ TJ\
\£-y_?l [\Jt2yft&s2<2i9B2&^"~~E£?9l^ \/ There's a tall on th» 8 that's l,*-en there before. l^J \m\
Jff^r?v/jiy%yr^ Wc*~2£ Now where have you seen It? It roe« with some store. &!S VeL
/fjrifA^ff\\7A^r ' wPy&S Why you know the place, for it's where mamma goes. I °J7 \ \
7m MrJr TErn And 'now can't you guess it? Then ask her. she knows. W MJ'
rV*-f/ \ '•'.'i[JH'Z_ i.^ ' or ther**'B many a time ghe's 5» i <>n that firm name •M '/ .4
/fci* W^v''*^ j^jP^ With a different beginning— but the tail's the came. : / Jjj \\\ ■•
L ~^-Yl gf'fffX\n\ IPf^^L Why. It's Hale'n of course, you'll know In a minute • f^ t? *- - I'''~'1 '''~ ' --_ kf»^"
£ o<J <'/ If M \l/M ---'- •** " • *'lSrjts — '\ That "go.> 4 goods" ending If Male's would begin It. W> •••" *" "* *J
.Tf'p-;^ 1/ ■ 'JO \~ — : • * 'TjorMl goods and Santa." How's that for a shingle? ~^j * ■«<T^
lIIIP// /H 'n ~ ty J° ve - '^ a a £ and y! Good luck to Kris Krlnsle.
! l!U//- J5&Y 1 -- celluloid floating dolls— like rubber 25c to $1.00 each , doll trunks— for dollies' wardrobe 33c to $1.35 each
?-B pv Pf'"m±* c=^' dressed dolls — from modesty to elegance 25c to $15.00 each tool chests— a wonderful assortment 2f>c to $7.f»0 each
~~' <^}&F&< EabviS: kid doll?— riveted joints— exquisitely coquettish 25c to $1.00 each . rocking horses— a hand of wild ones J2.:!'> to \y\ rnrh
/f^^?^?^* wood-Jointed dolls— bisque head— go to sleep 35c to $5.50 each shoo fly horses— tamer for little fellows 7.V? to $1.25 each
ft jCj&*'\- dolls' chairs— little red ones for little tots Be each i little desks— double lid and blackboard.. $1.20 to $1.50 each
V (^/^i***^ blackboards— instruction and fun 25c to $2.50 each roll-top desks— papa's, only little $4.00 and $5.00 each
'>^n *) trolley cars— motor clockwork— "Transfer?" $2.25 each \ steamboats— go by steam— very fine $1.00 each
'^^jr^. H&t^ doll cradles— enameled 25c to $2.50 each '< steam engines— en engine not a toy— for mechanics.. r»oc to $2.50 each
wash sets— for busy little bodies 880 to $1.00 each fur dogs— fun for little tots — won't bite even meat. to $1.25 each
"J[/jt <>&\ drums — a warehouse full 25c to $1.15 each cats that meow, dogs that bark, cows that moo. donkeys that bray,
J~^y^t <(r ' military drums— not toys, but professional drums.. to $2.25 each sheep that squeak and most everything else In the animal world.
IQy|j^ two news items of unusual interest!
<^^^A^^ a December outer garment sale. \ the famous Arnold knit goods. |
(r-J^°o°'?>J 4- ♦ "♦■ ~~ ~~ "*"
\>£**<ii an outer garment clean up and a good reason for it-old styles. these products bid fair to revolutionize the underwear and
ft broken sizes and exhibition garments— a little alteration needed I baby furnishing demand— comfort, health, durability and
'? here a lot of comfort there, an odd size or an odd shade— an early delicacy of contact with the human form and in their original
3 call to-morrow, a pick from the cream of the lot. a handy needle methods of construction they are unrivaled,
and you've a sensible saving-such sales come seldom and it's well printer's ink could never describe the virtues of this new un-
to come early-Here's a partial list: derwear -books have been devoted to it and demonstrators
:■■'■•■■ throughout the country are Illustrating its practicability, and yet
f*> TAILOR-MADE JACKETS — and button fly shade— an early f understand wonderful virtue, form and in their original
O call to-morrow, a pick from the cream of the lot. a handy needle methods of construction they are unrivaled,
and you've a sensible saving-such sales come seldom and it's well printer's ink could never describe the virtues of this new un-
to come early-Here's a partial list: denvear -books have been dtyvoted to it and demonstrators
throughout the country are Illustrating its practicability, and yet
TATIvOR-MADE JACKETS— 4 and 6 button fly front, half silk f ew understand its wonderful virtue,
lined, in cheviots, boucles and beavers $2.45 each \V have secured the services of Mrs. Reynolds of New York,
same as above, full silk lined, kerseys and cheviots $4.45 each an expert on infants' and woman's wear, to talk on its values dur-
> TAII/m-MADE SriTS-onlv 30 left and all fall of '99 pattern ln « the week— Mrs. Reynolds can give many valuable hints on wo-
' garments-for comparison ordinal prices remain on the garment* ™™'*™'' » nd >' ou will profit by her £«£**£. FSSSSSZ
lan opportunity to purchase an elegant suit at a little price. SgR&Z*" SanVaMomfn^biid.
our $75.00 suits go at $47.50 our $27.50 suits go at $20.00 accouchement bands Arnold's knit diapers
our $35.00 suits go at $24.50 our $20.00 suits go at $13.50 serviette napkins infants' knit underwear
notices from ! our * 13 - 60 sults £° at ' 9*509 * 50 serviette belts knit bath aprons
Santa Claus. a perfect flt-beautlt fully tailored- large saving. In'fan^knU^uTfl" SSIS Si dratrprB ,
ounta claus. * infants knit outfits la<li<>s knit drawers.
Santa Clnu««' Au among new arrivals we notice some $5.00 taffeta underskirts and elastic— light— porous— absorbent— not tear. c'lng or break.
tomobiie route to- some moreen underskirts at $3.7s— the latter are especially attrac- i the store mother likes— mothers are especially Invited this
morrow morning tive — and here's an idea for an Xmas gift— think it over. 1 week.
will be from Hale's
~t£«St£&: beddings. for gentlemen. for ladies.
Twen?y U -7fx?h. to PURE WOOL BLANKETS — California SUSPENDERS GALORE — some an Importer's sample line of black Spanish
Howard, to Kishth. m ak^ the finest wool blankets in the World— «- we ii i<ip a c iitct tnmhlf»H in frnm si!k lace scarfs— our New York corps simply
to Mission, to sixth. we are proud to sell them-for Christmas gifts sweu laeas just tumDled in trom stumbled upon them— a streak of buying luck
l °H*s Or p m route to' grown folks— beautiful Jacquard borders. IN ew York — Silk webs, the proper and nothing else—
win be' from his 79 X % inches.. .s6.so pair 64xSl inches. ..ss.oo pair caper, with glove kid ends — and . 2 scarfs, worth 75c, 8x53 Inches, for you at
st. re to Powoll. to * * ., r ,f" , - 1 30c each
rost. to Sterner, jto ROBE LOUNGING BLANKETS— a luxury " S sense With style tor Once at ' 4 scarfs, worth $1.00. 9x53 inches, for you at
ro. ne< to Hurt" to for the hath- make up elegantly as smoking . least they're handsome, yet ;•••■••; JiZV*'ii?-W*"ii\"'L m i "-'i s( >c each
f^chknanMo'Ecdy? ***** or aP^"-72xR6a P^"- 72xR6 Inchea - 00 each : practical— they look good and I 5 . 9 ? a^ 3 .. W .°^ h . *h±. * !..' S : f °^^o^^ach
to Market, to HERE'S A SNAP IN BLANKETS— I6O all- wear better — all in individual gift 12 scarfs, worth $2.00. 2«i to 3 yards iong. for
B «,t. m have wool white blankets. 60xSO inches, weighing 44 ■j 1v hnYp . f r nm _- r in Cl en _„:_. you at • $100 each
yo£ 'mers ready pounds on the counters-until MM....15.M pair da y boxes— trom 73C7 3 C tO 5 1. 50 pair 4 scar{St worth $3.50. 2V* to 3 yards long, for
when Santa Claus you at $1.50 each
comes past your SOILED PILLOW CASE MUSLIN —45 _- mmjr _. values run to $25.00— prices run to $10.00—67
house on his Auto- lncneB w ide— like the famous Wamsutta M/ _m. _ scarfs ln all— on exhibition until sold.
t£m V"1 Ten? in \ muslin-selling at 16c yard-oecause .soiled J^ /fiL 4® vL^> NOTIONS BY OCEANS-an ordinary store
his store. 14c yard M/ /KlfJ^y* %sd^^s^j^msSry fu]l of ttle needs alone— here's an Idea—
c^ k daV h for Pa h!» I FEATHER PILLOWS-better ticking and JB^^^Go O OOOD^^ corduroy skirt binding.. 34" van!
announcements. His better feathers and better wear and better satis- r 0 * - ■ -"^ shell side combs— the 15c ones V each
store win probably faction than these prices usually buy— rest easy 935 037 non 04* 040 qj.k 047 1 dozen Bor 9 inch horn bones for 5c dozen
have something to ooi°6o 0 i°6 inches Me each «o, »a/, »a», 941. 943, 945, ,947 6 yards of white finishing braid for 5c
chrS. day UnUl i22i2Tinches...V.V'!.'!!....'. $1.00 each Market Street. satin gored belt hose supporters f0r....12Hc pair
"magri^ 11 by which he yanks out cancrs
by th<» ro«-)is to Inveigle innocent and un
suspecting girls Into his drag-net. His
case seems to be on a parallel with the
story of the spidrr and the fly.
Chamley wants ;i typewriter girl who
will also atter.d to his reception room.
He Is particular as to the kind and style
of young woman whose services he se
cures. Ph«» must be "just so," as evl
denoed from the circular:
"N«>w. 10 avoid unnecessary calling, I
will state that we must have for recep
tion room and typewriting a beautiful,
small young lady. 'She musi hay* a white,
bright face, clear of pimples; nice form
pretty hair and pretty mouth; be a good
talker in..! plain writer, with a good edu
cation; must live in or toward the Mi->
sion or move there. Salary will com
mence at J^ or $10 a week and Increase to
$15 when well Ipnrned. Must be only IS or
19 yoars old and small. Pl<»ns« call If you
fill* the requirements. If you do not ac
cept, please mall this to some one t\ ho
will fill these requirements. Yours most
truly. S. EL t'hamley. M.D., £5 Third
street, city."
("hamley say* tl.at the "requirements"
per f.rthin the circular are the offspring
of his fancy; that a young woman of tne
kind described presiding over his recep
tion room would greatly increase his
trade in tumors. He has mailed more
than a thousand of these circulars to
reputable young women of San Fran
cisco. T'nfortunately for the fastidious
Chamley all of the recipients were not
unprotected. Some of their parents have
looked upon the matter as insulting and
Morning— 'Three Burdens." Evening—
"Christian Science."
Morning— Bible day services. Evening—
"Jesus Christ Our Friend."
Morning— "The New Testament Church—
Communion." Evening— "The Fourth
Commandment— Saturday or Sunday—
Which ? ' ' '
Morning— Mass at 11 o'clock; sermon by
Father Wyman; subject. "Awakening
From Sleep— An Appeal to Prudence."
Evening— Sermon by Father McCourt af
ter vespers.
Morning— Rev. Dennis Mahoney will preach
at the 10:30 mass. Evening— Sermon by
Rev. Father Chlappa after vespers.
Morning— Maas at 10:30; sermon by one of
the Fathers. Evening— Sermon after ves
pers.
Morning— Masa at 10:80 and sermon. Even
ing—Father Torke will lecture on "Ire
land Revisited."
Morning— Communion service; reception of
members. Evening— Preparation for the
gift of the Holy Spirit.
Morning— The Lonlp supper. Evening—
Thanksgiving sermon. "Dewey's Guns
Viewed as God's Trumpet Call."
Morning— Thanksgiving song* led by -Miss
Huebner. Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
Morning— "True Nobility." Evening— "The
Value of a Principle In the Development
of a National Character."
Mcrnlng— Sacrament of the Lord'a supper.
Evening— "King Lear— Filial Gratitude.".
Morning— Conjmunlon service and special
music. Afternoon— Evensong.
Morning— Special music and sermon. Even-
Ing— Monthly musical festival; special pro
gramme.
Morning— Sermon by the pastor. Evening—
Services under the auspices of the Broth
erhood of St. Andrew, with laymen a*
speakers .
Morning— Preaching by the pastor. Even-
Ing— "Our , Possessions."
.
Morning— Sermon by the Evening-
Same.
Morning— "Every Good Gift From God."
Evening— "Without Excuse.".- .
Morning— "The Twentieth Century Move
ment." Evening— "The Disciple Facing
the Future." , •:..<
Morning— Sermon by Rev. Albert Fred
ericks, chaplain of the Forty-ninth Regi
ment. Evening— Henry Welnntock will
(peak; subject, "Jesus the Jew."
Hales.
open every evening until Christmas.
bearing the suspicion of having behind It
some ulterior motive. Instead of replying
to the "doctor's" appeal for a typewriter
they took the circular to the poll
partment and set on foot an investiga
tion.
A reporter of The Call, representing
herself as an applicant for the position
mentioned, interviewed (hamley y.-st.-r
day afternoon. He told her that he had
received 270 written replies to his circular
and that fully as many young women had
answered In person. He stated to Th*
Call representative that she came n^ar.-r
to his idea' of a typewriter than any of
those wh» ha 1 applied, excepting that
her cheeks were too full of color P.-ie
promised to calcimine them, and that ob
jection was at once put out of the way.
Chamley wa« particularly anxlom to
know if "the young lady was partial to
gentlemen; If she had a sweetheart or en
j tertalned any idea of getting married.
i She told him that while she was not a
man-hater there was no one In particular
who could claim any section of her heart.
The statement that she was an orphan.
living with a cranky old aunt from whom
she desired to escape, just suited the
I doctor. He told her that her duties would
i be to pose In the reception room is a
living example of his wonderful cures.
"Your face must be t.hite. so that
! you caji tfdl people tl at you have
been a sufferer from cancer that
every physician that you went to failed
to relteve until you came to me. A young
• woman who can talk that way to those
i who come here will Induce many of thorn
i to spend a great amount of money with
Howard M E. Howard street, between Sec
ond and Third— John A. B. Wilson.
Epworth M. E.. corner Church and Twenty
sixth streets— W. M. Woodward.
Richmond M. E.. Fourth avenue, between
Point Lobos avenue and Clement street—
Rev. A. K. Ulrlch.
California-street M. E.. corner California
and Broderlck street*— Rev. A. C Bane.
Simpson Memorial. Hayes and Buchanan
. streets— Rev. John Stephen*.
Memorial Presbyterian. Eleventh and Rail
road avenues— Rev. H. N. Bevler.
First United Presbyterian. Polk street and
Golden Gate avenue— Rev. H. H. Bell.
Calvary Presbyterian, corner Powell and
Geary streets— Rev. John Hemphlll.
Franklin Street Presbyterian, corner Frank
lin and Vallejo streets— Rev. David James.
Westminster Presbyterian, corner Pag* and
Webster streets— Rev. Eugene H. A very.
D.D.
First Presbyterian. Van Ness avenue and
Sacramento street— Rev. Robert Macken
zie. ■
German Evangelical Emmanuel. corner
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Second Unitarian. Twentieth and Capp
' streets— Rev. A. J. Wells. ■
First Unitarian, southwest corner Geary
and. Franklin streets— Rev. Dr. Stebblna,
minister emeritus. '
Went Side Christian. Bush street, between
Stelner and Devlsadero— Rev. Walter M.
White. .; .
First English Lutheran. 1319 Geary 'street—
Rev. E. Nelander. ■
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 'Central
Mock. 123 Sutter street— The Bible and
• Science «nd Health. With Key to the
Scriptures.
Theosophtcal Society. Odd ' Fellows" '" build
ing
First Divine Science. Native Sons' building
— M. E. Cramer, pastor.
T. M. C. A. Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
streets— H. J. McCoy, Secretary.
Hales.
me whlrh th»y would not do otherwise."
said Oharrflay confidentially.
A promise was exacted from the re
porter to call again Tuesday and com
plete arrangements to go to work at once.
During the conversation Chamley ad
mitted that the plare at 25 Third street,
which ho claims to be his hospital, is in
reality a rooming place for transient
guests, and he intimated that whoe\ir
took the position as his typewriter would
be required to reside on the premises.
While The rail representative was inter
viewing the "doctor" a half doz»«n or
mnip jroong women, who thought thru
their personal charms just fitted the re
quirements set fr.rth In the circular,
visited the plnce nr.d made earnest ap
peals for the enpaK^ment.
ROWDY COLORED SOLDIERS.
Andrew Jackson, the colored soldier of
thr Forty-ninth Infantry who fired three
shots from a rifle at Policemen Stanton
and Alexander Thursday night. wa.« In
structed and arraigned In Judge Oonlan's
fourt yesterday and the case was con
tinued till to-morrow.
John Wyatt and John Wolff, members
of the same regiment, who wore arrested
for firing off r'-volv^r? In Chinatown, also
appeared before the Judße. The two sol
diers did not want the case against them
dismissed, as they were afraid of the
Impending court-martial when they got
on board the transport, but the Judge.
Morning— "Our Hop* In the Future." Even
ing—"Our Girls Who Support Themselves:
How Can We Help Them?"
Morning— "Our Responsibilities." Evening
— "Our Victories."
Morning— "Looking Unto Jesus." Evening
—"Two Prayers. ' •
Morning— "Not Creed, Nor Culture. But ■
. Christ." Evening— Rev. Ell McCltsh. .
V.V.. president of the University of the
Pacific, will preach.
Morning— "Judges and Judgments." Even- ■
-"The Argument That Silence* the <
World."
Morning— "The Fading Lea*." Evening— ■
"Jacob the Supplanter."
Morning— "Knowing His Name." Evening ■
—"The Great Contrast."
Morning— Sermon by the pastor and special
music. Evening— 'The Question of a Per
plejuad Soul." ,;.'•
Morning— Rev. C. O. Eldrldge of St. John's
will preach. Evening— Sermon by the pas
tor.
Morning— "The Splendor of Duty." Even-
Ing— "Who la on the Lord's Bid*."
Morning— Sermon by the pa»tor— —
"Old Men and Young."
Morning— "Christ Standing In Our Stead. "
Evening— "The Blessedness of Purity."
Morning— Rev. Jay William Hudson of
Santa Rom will preach; subject. "Is the
World Growing Better?" Evening— Dr.
Voor-anger will preach; subject. "The
Woman With the Hoe."
Morning— Dr Stebblns will occupy the pul
pit.
Morning— New pastor takes charge; "I Be
lieve in God." Evening— 'The Secret of
Loving."
Morning— "The First Advent of Our Lord."
Evening— "The Survival of the Weak."
Morning— "God the Preserver of Man."
Evening -Will C. Blrley will discuss "Food
• as a Factor In Evolution."
Morning— "Th« Tower of Strength." All In
vited.
Afternoon— Rev. Inaac Relby of Melbourne.
Australia, wilt addre** mass meeting at
I o'clock on "From Atheism to Christian
ity."-
Hales.
after severely reprimanding them for
their disgraceful conduct, dismiss
cases. A sergeant and two privates with
fixed bayonets took '•harge .if the two
prisoners and marched them to the trans.
port.
1" THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stones High
! Ladies' Golden Oak or Ma-
; hogany Finish Dressing Table.
; Swinging, beveled mirror, roomy
1 drawer. Prettily shaped and
; finely finished top. A gracefully
; designed article that would be
! appreciated for Christmas, and \
\ treasured the year round
$6.75
Dressing tables In all the rare and '
1 Imported woods. Rich carvings and !
1 beautiful inlaid work. Artistic, 1
I dainty creations fit for the womanly <
1 lovllness they are to serve. Nothing J
1 more acceptable as a Christmas re- 1
\ membrance. From 16 to |60. '
1 Odd and ornamental chairs to match 1
\ dressing tables. Boudoir beauties in '
1 highly polished woods, elegant de- \
• signs and carvings ; as low as $4. 1
! Our drapery department Is full of ]
( Christmas suggestions.
1 The very newest in weaves and
1 design just arrived and being opened
; to delight holiday buyers.
Real Irish Point Lace Curtains In
; newest designs and patterns.
All Silk and Imported Tapestry
I Table Covers, fit for the finest festal-
1 board. From $6.25 to $20.00.
; CARPET DEPARTMENT
We are ready to meet all demands \
\ In the rug and carpet department.
♦ Art squares In every size and color* !
( Ing.
« Union Art Squares, 3x3 yards, re- !
J versible, $2.50; 3x3* yards, Sj.oo; 1
] take the place of a carpet for a small '
f room : very handy to protect a fine !
♦ carpet on occasion.
♦ We like to have you visit our store !
f though you come only to look at (
1 things.
]| Purchases made now for the holi- 1
, days will be stored and shipped any
I t' me,. v where, without extra charge. !
1 Free delivery. OsklanJ. Atamcis. Derkc!«y
:: M FRIEDMAN £ CO.,
233 to 237 Pest St.
' Ope a creniafft Near StocktonSunday Call
MAGAZINE
SECTION
■
-
-
■
■
-
-
'■
|r-.t>rd»r of on* Dutll. a rertient of Oak
!«r.<« An<l It la fmnkiy .KlmlttM. even
by in* attorney"* forv the defense, jhat
r.evrr «n« a ras*« of drcum
•t«nti.-il rvidm' 1!'1 !' produced In nny court of
Ju-ili»». Th<* olti man nas con\l<ted, and
might have, been executed for the crime
had bla attorneyn not used their utmost
• : ->avnr* bcf'ir<» th«» Supreme. Court,
» ) .1 ■!' »>.<iy finally reverwrd the decision
ef the lower tribunal and ordered a n*w
trUJ. That o«v trial baa never Lite a
fg;IE.C.3 l sP|iß|g>9.
heard, nor wll! It be until the defendant
appears bofore a Jti'lge far beyond the
Jurisdiction of mortal mnn. Tor scarcely
had the Ink dr!«'d om th* document which
ordered a new trial than the unseen hand
Interposed. a::d •.};<•• >'ld man was stricken
with paralysis. The court meets at each
regular term, and the name of <Jecrgr«
Jones Is r< Kular'.y tailed to answer to th«
charge of the murder of I-orcnzo i hjtll,
and euch time thta same answer is Riven:
"Your Honor, the prisoner, in physically
unable to appear.?' Then follows the «am«
oM monotonous order: "Let the case be
continued until, the next term of tht»
court."
Through the kindness of Attorney*
Harry Melvln and Victor Mfltcalf*! have
had an excellent ohance to study the case
of Georjje .Tones, accused of th<» murd<»r
if borenza Putll. an<l. lncld^ntallv. to
learn from th* n\<i man himself something
ot his Bt range life.
The documents' : In the cas«e.r<»ad some
what ns follows' jbmiuinß. of course, th*
dry technical details of the law. A man
named Lorer.io Dpjtll kept a saloon on San
Pablo avenue. Oakland. One night, fif
teen years aro>. while r>ut!l was entertaln
\ng *ome frlenda in his living rooms
connected with th* -air^n. a customer t»>
tered. and PuUl went into the m ti
i>erve him. One witneM testified that h*
heard loud talking, followed by a •cuffle
•round the room. This lasted for fully
half an hour. l»ut th« guests paid IltlU
attention to the noise, for they suppose^
Mm« drunken customer or customer*
were having a good time In their own
way. The only word that th« friends of
Dutll were able to dl*tlngulsh during all
this time mam "Papa, papa," as it seemed
THE STORY OF
A MAN WHO
HAS BEEN HELD 14 YEARS
IN JAIL
FOR
TRIAL.
to them, repeated many time* After
ward, during the trial. It wan proved that
this wan a mistake; that the expression
really heard was a Fentence In French:
"No rue tue pus"— English, "do not kill
me Now. although this may seem Insig
nificant. It really had a great deal to da
with tha case, for It was never even sus
gented by the prosecution that the ar
cuned. Jones, had any knowledge of the
French language. Then why. asked the
defense, should Dutil have addressed him
In that language, knowing him to be Ig
norant of the tongue? And the expres
sion brought forth still another point.
Many witnesses who were thoroughly
conversant with the French language,
and more particularly with the manners
and customs of the people, stated posi
tively that such an expression In French
would. only be used between old 'friends,
for It contained the friendly "thou." which
amounts almost to a term of endearment,
and that a stranger could never be ad
dressed In such language. It wan mm
what strange that this vital point was
-not' more thoroughly investigated. for It
certainly meant much for. the defense of
Jones.
After the noise had ceased, which, all
the. witnesses agree, lasted for fully half
an hour, a heavy thump wan heard, as If
made by a body falling to the floor, which
was probably the case, for when the
guests entered too barroom Dutll wu
found dead. An examination proved that
he had been beaten to death with some
blunt Instrument. presumably a rock or
an Iron bolt. All the circumstances point
ed to robbery as an incentive for the
crime. The till. In which all tilt receipts
of the day were kept, was found open and
empty. Its edges covered w!th the bloody
Imprint of the murderer's ring- (AU( AU the
painted woodwork about the. doors and
windows of the room also bore evidence of
tlie Hnnin guilty, bloodstained hand. Dv-
Ill's . watch and chain, together with a
purse containing a number of strana for-
Hkh «olns and a peculiar seal, were also
missing.
The u>tcotlve!< went lo work on the case
and wotked with a win; clrws of the most
Insignificant character were worked to
the very ••nd; every unemployed V crook
antl every hu>u)!</loiis« person In the neigh
borhood was k«-pt und<>r rldse nurwlllance
for weeks, without r»>sultliiu In anythlnß
tanglbie. At last the officers of the law
gave u;» the c;is«e as hopeless, ar.d It waa
relocated. to the great Mle of undiscovered
crimes and criminals
Nothing more w.is hrard of the murder
of Dutll for sonic month*; thr-n one morn
ing the papers startled the reading pub
lic with the announcement that the mur
derer had been arrested with enough cir
cumstantial evidence on his person to
hang a dozen men The nume of the mur
derer was given as George Jones, an old
man who 'had been employed for years
a*s a caretaker in the hom<<<« of *ome of
the wealth!**! resident* of Oiikland: Thit
announcrment Fent n shiver up and down
the pins I column of more than one good
citizen of the aaburban town, for the old
man had been trusted with valuable prop
erties and had worked for people who
kept a great. deal of money about the
house. 
One. night Jones, who had returned from
Sa/i Francisco, where. he had been to col
lect quite a large sum of money, was dis
covered In a saloon somewhat Intoxi
cated. He was throwing his wealth about
In a reckless manner, and was advised
by the keeper- of the. place to go home.
•■ it was dangerous to be seen on th*
street In his condition with no much
money to tempt robbers. The old man
gave no heed to this friendly advice, and,
finally a young man named Lathrop. who
knew Jones, went out and called a po
liceman. He told the officer of the old
man's condition and of the large amount
of money he had with him. The officer
concluded, as he could not induce Jones
to go home, to lock him up until he was
sober enough to care for himself H«
offered do resistance, but obeyed every
order wmtD«i7: mi the *««»] ? - # rfi|»< wy
Broadway. th« officer paylna; but little
attention to hi' prisoner, as ha a«erae4 a
very well behaved, harraleaa drunk. Th«
•fflc^r noticed that the old man •««tn«d
much engaged talking aloud to hiruMlf,
and that he frequently made atrano i-.
turaa. throwing out flrat th* right arm
and than the left. Th« poMcemaa, thlak-
Inj hit prlaoner Imagined hJmaelf ad
dreulnr an audience, walked aioa* th«
• treet without a thought beyond th* fact
that It would Boon b« Urn* to ehaof* tfc*
watch.
Suddenly a mas who had be«n fDdvwteaj
In their wake called to them to stop.
Whan ha had caught up wv.h theaa h«
asked Jones If he hadn't dropped ■soo
thing. Th« old man denied that he bad
lost anything, but the man told him be
was certainly mistaken, and offer** t*
return a purse. In order to settle ail oca
troversy the policeman took the pun*,
Informing the stranger that the old man
was a little Lit too drunk to know Just
what he was doing. After thts Incident
th« officer kept a sharp eyo on his chare*.
fearing he might dispose of all h!a money
In the same prodigal manner, which not
only meant a useless wast* of list old
man's, money but some very hard q-u-»
tlona to answer from Mi Chltf la the
morning.
When they reached the City Prison It
*ai ■ not considered necessary to search
the old man very thoroughly, so they Just
asked him for his money, which the ser
geant .booked, and then locked, him up In
a cell to give the old fellow a chance to
sleep off the efferts of his debauch.
' !'!.•• next morning a strong; odor of gas
wns noticeable throughout the corridor,
which was finally traced to the cell whero
Jones was confined. When the door was
opened it was found th;it the gas had b«ea
turned wii full force and the old man lay
on' the bed partially asphyxiated.
Whether the gas had been turned on by
acvident or design still reman. » a my»
;•:.. 'ihia i i. '■•■■ •■:'. cnateu «.-■.•;„.,.»
excitement 'ln me prison. »'..•; city phy
sicluu wus >..!:••! In mm i •  ... the work
ot ro^uacilatiid t:..- ulu man. 1 ..--r- waa
every evidence «<t r ■ . a ■•.■■ ,■■.-:.-.».
and it waa noticed that he ■••:..•■; to
ClUap some object tiglitl} in hia right
hand. As -■<■■< .. - the hand wast forced
open It was found to coutuln un odd bit
of in* l 4.l. which proved upon examination
tj !'•• :!'••• seal WJlicb had b«long«rd to th«
mgrd»r»:d lmtil. Everything seemed to*
show that there had i •■•■: un t-tlort mad*
to destroy the seal. Here was a diheovery
that set the whole detective force anr«
with curiosity ard led to the Immediate
and more- thorough search of the prison
er's effects. The onicer* were -ewurded
by fliniiiiK the watcli and chain and sev
eral other article* of vulue. all of which
hud been In ih* possession of Dutil Just
previous to his dealh. The result of this
Mnd suggested to the detectives that !t
might be well to examine the content* of
the purse that had been :ak«*n from Jones
the night before, anil when It was opened
out dropped the rare foreign colnn. also
known to have been the property of ::.•
murdered Dutil. • '
Certainly, here wai evldenre enough to
convict a man. The fart that the effects
of the murdered mnn were found upon
Jones' person, together with his vtrenuoua
effort to rid himself of the damaging c'.r
cumMantlnl evidence, made out a pretty
ptronit case against the suspected man.
Add tf> this chain of Incidents the fact
thnt there appeared every reason to be
lieve the man had tried to commit *tn
ctde. and you have about as complete »
case of clrcumst««»'«i #vlden<"* an It
would be ponsible to Imagine. This ahnut
satisfied the want* of th» prosecution,
and the case came to trial a* soon as tr«
various legal breathing spells had been
allowed.
Now for the defense. Many of Oakland"*
leading citizens, men of wealth and stand-
Ing In the community, came forward *n<l
testified as to Jones' previous good char
Continued on Tags Twer...22
Stunning Gowns That Will Be Worn This Winter.
TfTta true:
That Fkirt- am leu tlrht
jj That sleevea are tighter, but brr>a<J«r
on the shoulders.
That str« -t drew* are shorter, but
hnu^ diTMrs, if i»i»;slMe. mor« ion*.
TliHt nri uutrltnmed nktrt. unices It be
lonci to .. ". \< to tailor dress. Is M rare a*
a whit* blackbird.
That \'.u- newest bodices arc made with
That the newest tailor In wmm have
whorl Eton .-nats. «r vest Jackets of allied
varli lie*.
That the redlngote, th<» princess dress
and the poloiutlw are. leading M>les.
That tli.> n. w. -t capox :tr'l vjrtorlnrs.
Jn rlnth <>r f«ir. have the lsco style of
dro<,i.ii: >; Khoulo< is.
That <«;\.: rowm uill be the height of
fa'fihl<maM« Hrsanve!
Tliat v.ft. i-rtlllant- lons-rared P abl«
clot!, !* ;»,.• most beMUtfful of the new
•fnai* i
Thai ..■•- ,io <>!-v;l. which 10..ks like
th< ' if i fx>n< nf :i aell-Krooiued borse^
•«it 2 ■■■ \; •:■ ■:;• nf »- • ■ l»i and silv-r-.lu^tcd
Bilk .1 ■ • • ';•— ni1»ro!«!cr«Hl btuffs are
lh< i'l-r.'-.. i ivcUiftS,
That :!.■ ..• i«I roJorn, even for cloth
<sr'.-M>, v;;ii ( njo> ■ vogii?^ *n<i that <>x
r«pt ii<r j«.l and h t>w Fhades >,f «ir:inge
for trimtninc* ih« crnoral preferenca is
for in utral and • ul «!•;- il tones.
Th;n law lr:r.c< a«.d Uor.nax uork.
whfch Include m;«n\ v.it i. -tl.-y.nf applique
isn>l eni!ir«ii'l'ry. ;ti»- the approved trim*
I
there are n few thing*; also faxhlonable,
*>{ «hi«h ti." wiM- nronian and the woman
who would J«e very well <lr<:-s«il should
beware. Th.' la<l nf the Reason 1p execi
*i\-e decoration. Blonder little women of
pale cotorinx are Roir.K lo be snuffed o'.t.
obliterated; If they bury thcmselvea urnl<-r
the frlllM atxl chilT<mß of their mop- ro
bust neighbor*. T!u- feanon'n fashions
arc »«o extravagant that they aiiproarh
the sensaUonal, and lo l»e senKatlonal in
Anrn ie to cojiy the d<ml-mondalne who
lh < lot hid In attra<-t notice.
It lr wantonness and riot of exneirce to
ymtrh appUquea of lnce «.r cmhrfildery
uj»«n fur. for example, nnd such obvious
had taMe is t>ure to be no more than a
pasrlnß fancy.
Even worse are the hotch-potches of
heads, tails, feet and claws that pns*
tnuFter nowaday* for fur garments. Why
h wnman should wish to ro about lonklnc
b^ If *.he hadn't tin ■ to ni«?ext the tro
phies of her chase, but had flung them
hHtt r-ske'.ter around her neck, and had
tlirus-t the smaller br;ists Into her muff
with their P"«>r little paws and ears hang
ing down defies imagination. Unless. In
d«-««d, one accept the explanation of Mrs.
Despard:
"\Vomon arc the cruelest animals In all
creation; not excepting tlßers. hobbledhoy
hchoolboys nnd disciples of the late la
mented Nana Sahib."
However, the beauties Of dress are a
more important consideration. There are
a few costumes which I saw the other day
Bt one of society's doings It a larpc! colo
nial house in one of the fashionable
streets. Two in particular attracted mv
attention. One wa» worn by a beautiful
woman, evidently In half-mourning, and
was of pastel lnvendor satin of the licht
ci»t and most beautiful hue It was built
with a ."kin with two ripplos around the
foot. Tho overdress was ail in one piece
pointed around th«» bottom. It was
trimmed with bands of white satin, which
were put on in such a way that they
formed a continuous line of trimming',
THE STTNDAT CALL..
p
Mr Pedar Bruguisre
and
.M s ■ Simpson.
whicr, extended from the neck to tna
points of the overdress.
The overdress had a most beautiful
trimmin*.
Set between the points there were try
'arire medallion* of white ratin. wh'ch
wero stitched upon the overdress with
narrow hnmta of the ratln. Those me.il.il-
Hoj:p were oval-shaped and were so close
ly appllq'ied to the overdress that they
Beemeil woven In the material.
In the center of »-hch medallion whs a
lUno flower made out of pale purple silk
nrd caught on In :i way which suggested
th«- najural ftovfr. The collar V .IS
trini'iitd tlie same.->- -s ■'■•', - .
Th« oUjer jcown, which was worn by a
young matron, was of pjfarl white", which
i:* the 'newest Llup nrhlto. You mlfiht have
fancied It blue If you had hot been told
that It was white It was ethereally white,
delicate as a bin* pearl. Its charm lay In
Its plainness as well as In its hue. The
s'i<irt was plain and round, opening at the
Fide In a seam which closed with invisible
hooka and ryes. It was trimmed with a
Bwlrlii pattern in the flattest of white
satin bands, pill on and pressed until they
Eank Into the cloth. These bands were
made of satin ribbon with a tine finish
upon each ed*e. On each side of th* rib
bon trimming therev were the smallest
steel beads, which somehow looked very
blue upon the dead white of the cloth.
The bodice I ad a very lame emplece
ment which covered the waist completely.
It was cuirass shape and fastened from
shoulder in shoulder and at the belt line.
It was profusely and elaborately braided
with whlto satin ribbon, on each side of
Which there were heads.
A note of color was supplied— a charm-
Ing note— in the lining of th© cuffs and
THE FADS OF THIS SEASON'S
FASHIONS ARE RATHER
Sensational
BUT WHAT SWELLDOM
HAS DECREED MUST BE OBEYED
collar and in th*> belt. It was bright
cherry red.
• • •
Of the reception gowns, for this« winter's
wear the black mies are he most popular.
The two Mark gowns on -,•-•-.■:. just
from the other side of the pond One is
black silk n*»t with applique In large de
signs on the aklrt, made over taffeta and
finished with two-pleated ruffles of the
net. odjjed with satin ribbon. The bodice
is of the net over Bilk; is tisht fitting In
the back, slightly bouffant in front. The
yoke is ><( tucked white taffeta, a ehlo
bow of pale blue taffeta ribbon In which
is tied a bit of real lace which falls to the
waist is fastened nt the left side of .the
yoke. The belt is made of the same and
has a his; bow tied to tho Wt. Satin rib
bon trims the ruffle* on the shoulder and
around the hand. The stock is of white
tucked taffeta. The other black gown is
mart* of .«ilk rrepon. With ovrrwklrt and
bodice much trimmed with the nt-w craze.
Fpanjjl*»s. A soft tic of black chiffon
,: c, ,j it), lace ties under th« chin in ■
soft bow. The bolt is of crushed black
tnnVta.
Two of the d:i!rti»\*t hon-^ pown- I
h«v«> s»epn this season nre pictt:rtvJ on this
page. One li a delicate shade of ros«
• •- • • \ . •
with a deeper rose satin stripe, sort .of
Krenadlnc effect: the skirt is built with
double oversklrtfi the edpe of each one
finished .vith a hand of rosp iafTet.l. The
bodice has a painted yi>kc of white *atln
trimmed with K.ithr-rcd ro.sr- baby ribbon,
the collar is of the white satin and with
baby ribbon trimmine. Revers of the
material, tucked, widen over the should-
rr«». prow narrower at the hack and
fasten at the waist lino. The sleevei «re
Of plain rr«,r, taffeta ami two cords Rive
the shirred effect. The bodice has a woe
bit of fullness in the front udtaglrdi I m
by a narrow belt of stitched taffeta. The
other is a dainty shade of misty blue.
Tho foundation skirt Is of white pole !•■
sole, the rvt rskirt Is scalloped and shows
tho silk to the waist. Stitched bands of
the material are applied to th 6 silk, cross
ing In the front and run In threo row*
around the foot of the skirt. In tho
■ *
■
■
■
■
■
,1 •
•
chiffon
wtth ..
A itr .
long ci
\
Midi fi
The other tea gown H not no "comfy"
looking, nut If quite HH stunning. It I*
tlpht-flttlnß. made of cream lare «n<i
crepe over corn-collar taffeta. Th<» bilk.
lace forms the boiiy of th^ skirt and
pleafd crepe the rest. Four rnwi of
cream satin ribbon trim the bottom of
the skirt. The tlght-llttlnK bodice Is
elaborately trimmed with cream luce arid
ribbon. Rows of ribbon trim the sleeve*
from above the elbow to the r.and. Lar«»
and double-face »atm ribbon form cap 1 *
over the thouldera. A lace Jabot knots
under the chin. Is caught In at the waist
line and then falls to the knees. * Tho
stock is made of lace and ribbon, with
loops of tbe ribbon at the buck. The belt
Is of the ribbon and is tied in a large
bow in the front. Deep ruffles of lac*
fall over the hand. The tafteta slip Is
built after the Princess style. This tea
gown Is immensely b«Tornlr.s to a woman
who weighs every oth.r day and who ts m
deeply grieved If a pound or two nor»
makes the scales balance.
im-:umi:ah pcane.
Jhe Monkeys of Jlmber.
Mrs. C'ln- ' Rr«klne Clement describes
In the. November St. NI«h"I;is a visit to
the ancient city of Amber, In I.dla, which
Is inhabited only by a few priests ami
thousands of m- -'•••vs. Klophant* from
the stable* of the Maharajah of Jeypor*
conveyed her .ho hill • -• which
th*> (■; city stands Is surrounded by other
high hills, crowned with towers nnd mm
parts and cove «>d with tn. i. Th»« great
castle-fortress stnr.ds out l» >>•!!>'. The old
zenana, or women's* apartments— an ex
tensive block ol buildings, s«r- unded by
>i court— ls the only place which N inhab
ited. This Is n well-populated and lively
quarter, since a trib^ of lansour or hoo
noomaun monkeys have taken possession^
and dwell hore in comfort and freedom.
Tho Hindus religiously refrain from hurt
ing or killing .in>' animal, and th" mon
keys, having ii" fear, arc monarch* of all
they choose to take.
The hoonoomaun. or. l.ingour, is the sa
cred monkey and the larKe*t found In In
dia. Its hHght is fr>):n two and a half to
four feet: its body m sliißularly alen 1-r
and supple: its face? is back and nmootn
except for lonß white whiskers: the hnir
on the body Is gray on th> % bark hml
white ui;dor thf: stomach: Its trtlt 1.1 long
and bur«.. with a sirisle tuft i»f hair on tti«
end. The II;;...-'-. have a legend which
explains its very black face. It nays rh.-r.
nges bko, Hoonoom.tun, the klnc nf the
monkeys, went to assist Rama in the con
quest of Ceylon. The demono-klnc of .he
l.^iund carried off Llta. the wife or Ram.i.
and he was determined to rescue her.
As they came, near to the Island. lloo
noomaun easily leaprd over the Strnltn,
no skillful - Jumper was be, and finding
T.itn. h*» r
I
■
-
: .
■ ■ .
•
all th<
or MHow It Feels to Be an Amateur on "Amateur Night"
■^*o T^gy what T^sy do
WHERE THEy COAiE PROyH
S MDAY CALL
REPORTER
GIVES HER
N C E
ON THE
HIS C
BOARDS
WITH
INTENT to th* Chutee Theater en em
ateur r.Jght. I did not go to be enter
tain*^, but to entertain.
I went likewise and with like int-nt
to the Olympla Music Hull.
■
I
Or. learrfns that I tv.t; to r.alro ny first
appearance they n"«»fT«:red tne much valu-
«">nf la-'.v if ur.rertain years and much
v.i'J'.r.* if'Ul mo that h*>r original attitude
ax 6 phllonophjr Jiarl suffered an entire re
versal— that «!« i*nc fhe hail once enter
■.n'.iuri ilir ttWUKhI that che "was a fool."
l-.cr cxpciifncr- now led hrr to believe that
th<? fools were all "on the other side of
tfce fo<stlights."
While I whs porderinsr over this pro
round and comforting Ingle, and while
pundry burnr-s and thumps on the floor
above indicated that the regular perform
ance was bolus coacludcd by Adsl* and
"THE 3/HiqTSURS."
her lions *f were startled by a stentorian
command.
"All amateur*: upstairs!"
The voice camp from somewhere In the
heavens, unmistakably emanating from
the terrifying person of the stage man
ner. As ihevohoos reverberated through
the ttarrow hallway and the tlnj or«-t-sipi;
rooms underneath the stage of the Chutes
Theater there was a leaping of heart* into
throats and .1 nervous thrill of frightened
expectation.
From out each of the little cells, called
f'V courtesy '-"dressing; roomy," emerged a
ha'f-dszen or so of "amateurs " assorted
types, ace and talents. Th«?re was a ma
jority r)t minstrel talent in ebony mak"
up and l>ripht cheesecloth costumes, th*
nainority being comprised of »ong-and«
<lar.e* artists, comediennes and vocalists.
In embryo, whose aspirations soared to a
"specialty."
They ail Joined In a gem ral rush up the
I »• n: w Itb -hem.
We passed here and there a scornful
"professional." in blue tights, and occa
sionally received indulgent smiles from
flufflly clad souhrettes of long standing.
Then we "line.l uj>." and received our
numbers. 1 stood nt-xt to a:i cffemi'iHte
lookir.p youth with lony hair, populurly
referred to by his companions as "Lizzie."
I had bten conjecturing as t<» whether
this youth was a. tootbull o r.;hu.-:ast or
a violinist until he emerged from nis
dressing room as a female impersonator^
in gauze d>*c<.llete. elaborately made up
for a coon song and cakowalk.
My specialty, a Fisher's Hornpipe, was
placed for number five. In a vivid make
up, a white and blue sailor costume, and a
profusion of blon-ie curlfi 1 :iwaitrd my
turn— and it came! Not: however, until
I had seen my four hopeful predecessors
return, crushed and vanquished, from the
arena.
Simultaneously with the lift of the cur
tain for the amatfuy p&rt of the p« rform
anre the grilling had begun and pande.
nvrjium fc*d broken loose. The first an
nouncement brought forth a burst of
>
y hut
- the how:
With the last words of the announce
ment I frightened but determined vocalist
advanced upon them. Her advent was
greeted with a burst of renewed energy,
ar.d, the sound of the orchestra was swal
lowed up In a succession of howls and
hoots the like of which I Mm heard be
fore—and only once afterward— for my
turn was yet to come.
She actually sang; or at least the optic
sense testified to the fact that her' lips
What the WoUTd-be
Th^a^TcaT £ta»«s ■
SLiFF^i* BsFoj«e the
Hoeing /Vie's
That C©rft£s. to
Leigh and »W
at the psrnFUT
Att^rppts oF
moved in time to th* words of "Because
I Love You." HoY they swelled the
chorus with parodies and variations,
while the Interludes were interspersed
with such <;ueriss as:
"Hello, mamma ; where's the baby?"
"Don't you think you've sung enough?"
"Keep it up— don't quit: ' wouldn't if I
were you."
Another victim followed: worried
throu/Ji an inaunib!e half verse of "Just
As the Sun Went Down." darted from the
stage and nought seclusion in the dress
ing room below.
Numl ■ three and four wore announced
and were greeted and sped with like en
thusiasm.
Then came an awful moment.
The name of Ada Moss, which I had
given, being deemed insufficiently pre
tentious. I was announced as Miss Ada
Buckley Deveaux.
The announcement met with a. chorus
of
WThoV*
"Ada Devaw-ii\v-A \V."
"Come- on. Ada."
The orchestra started up. and then I
suffered the momentary fepllng one ex
periences when an elevator drops
swiftly: I suddenly fcuad myself in the
center of the stage, frantically pirouetting
about, trying in vain to cttch the sound
of the music. I hail huendtd to <1 inco the
hornpipe, but it was not the h^orrrpipe that
! <;.nncvd. It v.-us .sorn« thing unnamable —
still I W-pt frantically turning and skip
ping about. My hea-i was in a whirl. I
was only conscious of ix-lng the tanret
for the • ■ — < and shout.* of a gnat howl-
Ing, hatless mass of humanity; and that
they laughed uproariously.
For a moment the din ceased. i caugnt
the time of the marie Md the steady eye
of the violinist- and came to myself, but
it was too late. I had not learned 'the
dance well enough to do it mechanically,
and it was Impossible to count the steps
or calculate changes in that awful bed
lam.
I started again in a series ' of Im
promptu steps, the originality of which
will never be questioned, but which, I
fear, could not claim the most distant re
lationship to the hornpipe. I doubt not
that these same steps were entirely out
of time with the music which I could not
hear. • . V -
Then how they did hoot! They had only.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
howled ard laughed before and 1 had en
dured with a frenzied determination to
worry out my allotted number of minutes.
But when they hooted the horrible sensa.
tlon was Indescribable. Under the sting
of their derisive howls I finally grew de
fiant. .\~:
Strong In the knowledge that my make
up was three coatings deep, I continued to
dance about, and throughout the- rest of
those excruciating four minutes or so my
mental attitude, born of the courage of
despair, might have been expressed by the
laconic Chimmle McFadden in his trio of
well-known eloquent words.
They hurled queries at me.
"Oh, Ada. where did you get the blue
stockings?"
"Do you do your hair on curl papers or
on a table fork?"
"Keep it up. but give us a change."
When it was a!! over I rushed off the
stage, even forgetting to precipitate the
usual kiss.
■ After that I became an onlooker. I wit-
n«»<«««»d th- grilling of poor "Lizzie" and
the unabated enthusiasm with which
"I?ailore Isaacs." a really clever artist of
the «ong-ancl-dance type, was received.
Th. amateur seems legitimate prey lor
thr public, lie is provided for their es
pecial benefit and for the exclusive pur
pose of being ridiculed and booted at,
Irrespective of talent*.
Down«t:iir.s in the dressing-room 1
joined In the geweral scramble for vari
ous article." of street app;*rol. I had been
fortunate enough to secure a whole nail
to myself, so I experienced hut little diffi
culty. I observed another amateur un
rarthing her wardrobe from a barrel in
which, with much forethought, she had
stowed it.
The scraps of conversation to be heard
In the dressing-rooms, if not edifying, were
certainly amusing.
I overheard a heavy masculine voice in
the direction of the professionals' dress
ing-rooms relating a misfortune that had
overtaken a friend. /#,-:
"We'd all been cutting into th" grape,"
said he, "pretty lively, and Billy had a
bun on; he pulled out of th' swish and
went down th' main drag to th' stem
two forty, spotted an old guy what locked
like a jasper and pinched him for a
ticker, but the guy was a bull, and he
went to the bat cave."
The narrative being somewhat modified
for me I gathered that the particular set
of which the Illustrious Billy was a mem
ber bad been indulging liberally in wine,
and that Billy had become bttosfeated;
he had left his friends and gone dnwn
Market street to Third and Kearr.y.
where he had encountered an old gentle
man who looked invitingly "rasy," and
had appropriated his watch: but to the
misfortune of Billy the old gentleman was
a policeman In disguise, and Billy had
been thrown into jail.
Snatches of such touching ballads as
"She Bhould Be Scolded, but Not Turned
Adrift." and "Just a Splinter From My
Sweetheart's Wooden Leg." mingled with
such banter and pleasantries as-
"Say, sis, the switch you wear don't
match your hair."
"Close your face, y'u, nit, y«u."
(Ohen the Amateurs Came On.
"Aw - \van, you always send ■ ftllow
winging."
"Better vine it. then."
The tormentor "winged." In other
words, ho v .it.! his way. and in passlnjc
admonished "Lizzie" as to getting "a hair
cut," and was t"i'l In reply] to get his
physiognomy repaired, or words to that
effect]
I also caught a rumor of an accident:
- mm one had fallen "off a water wagon."
On Inquiring into the disaster I learneti
that the extent of the misfortune was
that th»: person In question had taken to
drinking again.
Who are they, whence do they com?,
and why? Some of thorn are shop girls
and factory aids; some ■■.' them "have
husbands with small Incomes." and some
of them are only ambitious. The mascu
line element come from like sources.
The Kreater portion are "out for the
dough there is in It," to quote their own
words. There are those who expect to
"get a regular position" on one of these
stages, and some of the youths are ob
viously there for the fun and amusemen*.
they nnd in the experience.
They are not all of the class Indicated
by the scraps of conversation Quoted A
group of different type ticietly discussing
the Bubject In a corner spoke of the em
barrassment they were often subjected to
by chance meetings with the rest on the
street, and related bits of experience In
which they had been hailed with lusty In
quiries a* to whether they were "going
08/" to-night, or as to what specialty they
would appear in. This type of experience.
in the language of the offenders, is called
a "ball out."
The 811-penradtllg «• ntiment is that the
■ shall survive.
This spirit is particularly noticeable in
the turmoil of the crowded dr>
rooms, where an uninterrupted peep HitJ
the mirror in alnv.-si an impossibility,
where pins are at a premium and
makeup, unle?* put under careful guard,
becomes common property without any
process except of th*» unwritten law >>{
the unprovided.
The next night at the Olympia i found
them all.
Lizzie nor* ■ .new gown of pink and
grcn: Jj-adore Isaacs ventured a
brilliant r/hlstcoat of beaded satin with
an immaculate linen suit. The feminine
portion •of the amateur!* buali i tbra
selres in more commodloua quart* In
affecting new combinations of t.llet, and
with chit-that apropos of amateur stage
doings in general.
Now and ttien we encountered a "pro
fessional" who wore the same scornful
visage I bad mitt, the ii ib iu before.
I met one on the stairs who cheerfully
grejste'd'me with the words "Hello, Ama
teur!"
When all of us had • ■•!. •<•!! our
elaborate makeups and I;ad nothing:
further to do but wait, there was a rji:iet
/rathering in the halls, and ■ . .in of
"tag"; the KirN pulled Link I urls -tmi
annoyed "Sullivan" the clog dancer;
Isidore Isaacs bested make-up from all
who would contribute and helped himself
to the stock of those who would not.
The regular programme of son*, nance
and farce was going on upstairs, as we
knew from the thumping on the stage
floor above, and the distant sound of
music. We were In no great hurry to
ascend, and were not troubled by th«
length of the programme, but at last our
peace was rudely broken into by the
voice of the stage manager; the latter
being, however, much less formidable an
individual than the one who had
frightened us gut of our wit* the night
before.
I was number seven, and was flown fof
th*» same specialty, very much determined
to acquit myself with more credit.
As before, a vocalist was let loos* upon
thr audience tint.
She had anticipated the result, and no
thins daunted, sans away at them. The
hootlns and howling dM not cease until
she had come to the conclusion of "Only
Me," and bowed herself out.
Th"-<» who danced were more fortunate
than rh- ■.-•■• who chose to sins. They could
not interrupt the dancing.
I had profited by my "experience of tho
niffht before, and had Rone over my step*
until I could .! » them fairly well, mechan
ically. When my turn came I descended
upon them.
There were a f*w of the mo«t »nthni»t
a?t!c howlerp. who I ve-^y bclle\e had
followed ua from the Ch^Pf*. As soon na
they hw me and recognized th* erratic
hornpipe dancer of the night before they
beßan nn enthusiastic welcome, but aa I
continued undaunted and displayed some
likelihood of executing my allied horn
pipe, they grew !••»> obstreperous and al
lowed me to haul In my Top* 1 ?*. give a turn
to the wheel, and to g«» throurh the rent
of the few rtriM' - I had learned In peace.
It was not *o bad. I experienced less of
the feeling of rtugc fright than on mv
"flr?t appearynce." I even dared to look
th^m in the fare, and when I did I saw
a st» of heads through a haze of smoke —
not wagging and bobbing and screaming
at mil as I had Men the night before, but
casually watching my movements and
waiting for It all to be over with. I
began to wonder If they would hoot again.
I rather wanted to experience that rare
feeling once more. so. aa tht-y jwemed dis
posed to watch n:e In silence, t did about
the most inoj»j»ortun«* thins F could hay«»
done to the lively air of the hornpipe— I
stopped .-tin and yawned. They onfy
laughed, so I threw them a kiss and
bowed mywelf out.
And they actually encored me with rood.
round applause!
As encurrs Were not allowed. T I m only
permitted lo appear fur .1 moment to re
peat the- yawn and the kin*, with which
they Heemed to be entirely satlsfled. *
Then followed others, some of wh"m
filed in terror from the stage, and others
who defiantly hurled hack a isong for *
howl; there were none- who received real
aj.-plause ard enthusiastic encouragemem.
but when it was all over there was a <reat
■Igh <>f r«elit f . and down we went Into
the hu'ibub of the driaslrg-noms again.
I had ju«t complete! dreasing and had
started down th«; hall, when 1 met th«
affable atid courteous !<tase manager, who
accosted me with a query as to how I was
going to set rid of my make-up. L'pon
learning that I had intended to leave tha
combined effect of powder, paste, plaster*,
pencil and paint upon my face for a vlr
iiroii.< aoap*and "-<ter treatment r.t home,
he very kindly proffered me some valuable
aiivice In the matter, and conducted me to
<snc of the professional's rooms, where I
found an abur.diinre of cocoa butter, tow
el.", chamois cloth and all the Interesting
•■' ceteraa essential in making up and un
ir.ak'.
To the kindness of this courteous gentle
man [ owe ull the present cuticle on mv
face, as It certainly w»u!d have vanished
with the three artirktal coatings had 1
followed out my first Intention.
As I passed through the hall I observed
three amateurs at a table drinking the
fav"-ite beverage of the Olympia. to th©
popular t:ast of "Here she goe*!"
While I was putting on my hat a num
ber of amateurs went hurrying by with
the explanation that they were going to
"make the Thalia if they could."
They evidently did. for as my friends
and myself passed the corner of Turk anil
Market streets we heard a painfully fa
miliar sound— lt was the sound of hooting
and howling.
Having gone through the regular course
of experiences a.-, an "amateur." I went
the next day at 1 o'clock to the omce of
the manager, to experience the chlefest of
them all— to the "professional amateur"—
that of being "paid off."
Falling in behind "Lizzie" in the tin*
of now familiar faces 1 waited my turn
with the rest and presented myself beforo
the affable manager. Having done a spe
cialty each night for two nights. I was en
titled to the remuneration of $3. which I
received with no riualma of conscience. I
felt that 1 bad earned M
NAN BYXBEE.24
Trichina, the Little Boring Worm That Means Death
in the
Cases oF
Two
Sen FpanclSco
IfTPportarj^ to
WcpTd.
THIS the man who ate th* ;H
xhst H'.f> th* rat that cam* In the
ship fmtn Apia. That Is about the
the stnry M
In th«« pray rat from Asia there
w«-ii: Trichina spiralis and like everything
triso that comes from ••■'a well, H'b
Aslntic and hard to got rid of.
TVa cnmos from Asia, and coffee and
opium, and haßhet-fh. Buddhism and Mo
)i:::iir!iedar.fcm.
Tricfclra scents to have come originally
J'roin Aslh. ai.d through the rat and the
hoc *'prea.d all over the Western world,
evea ;r> San Francisoo.
Two jou!:k girls, graduates of the xne4-
Ical erpariment of the university, havo
found that rare dlsea.ee. trlchlnlasla. in •
two Gan Jranclsco patients at the City
and County Hospital— found It by a mett
bd mure rare ihan the dl?eas«.
As far as reported there are but four
cases recorded where the presence of
'.richi:ia« In a human being has been dla
oivirci by means of microscopic exam
ination of the Mood alone. Three of thosa
c;i^e« w««r«* In the medical department of
J >»■.•* Hopkins, and all are recent.
The Trirhlna ■» a little boring wot ill
v ; ■-:- lives mostly In the Bab of rats and
: . Mia. Pigs eat ihe rats, the trichina
bores through the walls of the intestines
into t! >• muw ica ir.d c.its fr«vsh pork until
surfeited. Then Mr. Spirr.iis curls himself
or herself Into a comfortable ball and
j.--i.^s Into a period of hibernation, which
last* until he ;«::d the flesh in which he is
;.:•■ eaten by suni-thing, then he proceeds
to !>•■!«» Ij!s way thr<n:jrh as befoiv. and go
7'- -.'.■■•', :>> wako again ten years after, if
i:<*<hl t-\ t<> rop«?at l!'.e itocoss.
When Cbarlea Joy, a teamster, who ate
at a cheat) r.-s'auraju. lirst felt his 111
i^'o-. .'■ — rr-trris— htm— att — at once. Jlli
••• • ;: liurt, r.iv back and muscles inirt
vviili a «tran«Q frlph!ful pa!n that dtove
: :... Instinctively to the sheltering car»
i • : : •• hoxpitaL
IVI • n lie ifol J^iere h^ hni fever ar.d :h«
F\mpi(<ms that fiitM so easily any nn«
of a thousand dlseasea, This ca*e. fjp
pr>«.<lly a typhoid <>r some other kind of
fever, came unfV r the cate of iliss
R i< i el -\fh md Misx Kmma WißhtniiUi.
•jr. Aea and Dr. Wlghtman." It must
J .. Raid. f"r that la the proud title that
! .- ix»«t T>i<m many years of work and
Btud) to earn, and they deser^-e it.
With them It was ouick work. A fever
jva'.i<»ni i* ]'i\<» a houst» on nr<* — fom»"th!ng
:■ burning, ilamapc is doing— where is th«
i.r. v And" iMs is ilio way that brun<-tt«
It. A 'ln u'.d Monde Dr. Wlghimaii ;x
plaln l-.nw they came to trail trichlnii to
his lair.
"'A*.- worked by ♦•xoluFlnr. — that is, we
fi i::.<! <>■„< what wns not the matter vf:h
the p.-ui'M*. nnd l>y castln* out of the 2!st
of i>r>ssitoihii> s at Irsst came to the point
»here trfchinlasls \va* ;h<» only thing )oTt
tl'at coulJ b« the trouMe; then a crora
section of the muscle placed und<r the
lain scope found it so.
"The tar •>♦ the patient was pierced
slightly ur.'l ;t dr..p of blood was obtained.
The car. jou knou. Is not aJTerted any
more than my other part, liut the b'ood
!s pumped I'Q} heart to flngt-r tips and
back In twenty i«»conds or le.««i for the
r n:-».l trip, so >ou see tt Is wel! m;x«-d
and a B&cipSe from any part is •. fair ma
; • ••: :'.<• whole.
r tlio
I
■
■
1 . -1 :i i|
A Man cJho Jras Seen field
14- [fears in Jail for
Jriat.
Continued Pram Pa«e Twenty -one.
«ri»r. These men told tV.e court how they
!>n<J known the man fur a great many
years; that th.y had trusted him with the
care of their botacs. and even with con
eldenhle *vms of money. All agreed thai
).»> ( !&d tlviaj^s bef-n careful and pa!ns
tak'.i.jr !n his dutl»-i« to bia eaployers; that
lx- wu not what rculd !>«* called a dr'nk-
Inj; m&ji. nr.r a.ii habitue f»r aalobna. 'VU\*
vas all well enough in lt» way: tjut h.<\v
about tha.t damniKß circumstantial e\i
«V*r.r«.'? Certainly the effects of the •>
c<'a^eJ were found concealed abojt Joni^s'
j' r:<->n. Now, where did he Ret them and
vhy 4lid he try to Oe*truy them?
Jones' testiiaonyj which was all the de
f'>!i^e ha<l ta <,ffor directly on the prison*
*r'« behalf. xvr» r*rtalnly <juite remark
*h'e !f true. a:;d most ingenious if false.
In the Cm pli'.ve. 1;«> siai«-(i positively that
h* <J'.d not know Dntll; that b« had never
l«*ea the m:in iv hi* life; that he wan
• • of
»t.it*mf>iits were In any way disturbed by
the prosecution; as a matter of fact, the
Ftito depended entirely upon tlie won
derfully welded chain of circumstantial
evidence. Hut the accused had an expla
nation and a solution for every Item, ll*
pave the following account of how he
rar.-.e into 7>osbes>Hion of tin- articles which
wnc the property of tlie murdered man
during life. He teMifi«»d that on the day
of his arrest he hud been on a bus!?:e?s
trip to San Fr«ncljc<:-ttiat ha had ft • •i • ■-
there. 4 n fa»n. to collect quite I large <uin
of money which was due him from ■ man
named !iucb»s.
He had received the money and had left
Mr. HugheV office and started down Mar
ket stre.-t. Intending 10 take the next boat
for Oakland. On the way down the utreet.
he tavH. he was accosted by a man whom
he know quite woll but could not give his
full name; the man was only known to
him an ""Charlie." This man asked Jones
If he had ESO «o spare for a few days, <.f
firl:;* at the Rarue time to pay well for
the tcui;K>rury accommodation. Jones re
plied that he might be able to scrape up
that amount, but that it would be neces
sary for "Charlie" to give him the name
of a R<x*l man by way of ».ecurtty. "Char
lie" wa* not able to furnish this sort of
jrllt-edrcd commercial recurity. but of
fered what the pawnbrokers call collat
•ral. He then tendered the articles which
Jiave rince played so Important. a part In
tho trial tor murder. Jones says he took
th» oth*r symptoms which went with that
disease. So on through 'he list un: 1 ; all
alone nnd unseratch'.-d was the one—trlch
lnlasis. which meant 'hat In that pa
tient's alimentary canal a thousand Indi
vidual *p.'cimens of trichina were each
hatching out perhaps 5000 young per day,
and would keep It up for weeks. Each on«
cf these your.it om-s would within a few
days begin to bore his way throurn the
walla <-f th<; intestine*. T.'.i on through
the liscera'e. and. dually, until every
grains weight of flesh In the voluntary
muscles «.f bit body would contain a
dozen of the«e little worms, and Shy
lock's pound of flesh would perhaps have
JM.GOOof them.
"The nr«t thing done was to remove
everything that was dolnu damage. The
pnrcsaos which had already sturted
j through the. fief b ■Id not be dislodged;
no poison ran ever touch them. Each will
within a few days, be encysted and sur-
I rounded by Ir.ert matter. Just as a blrd-
Ftiot would be. But. cannibals, beware of
my patient; if they should ever chance
to eat him within ten years or so there
will be the punishment for the crime, for
when the encysted trichina again enters
Into the stomuch of any animal It wake?
j to life, and with Its fellows breeds as be
fore, until the body of Us host harborb
I HM.OOO wishers to the pound, and they wl'l
| not die within ten or fifteen years.
j "After diagnosing almost to c. certainty
- the presence of the spltails there was but
one more infos nece-sary-that was to see
the thin* Itself. Nothing easier With
the patient's consent, a small cut was
made thr.iugh the K jcln over the lower
terminal of the biceps and from the living
muscle a sinull noctlon was cut. From
this minute slides were taken, spread on
a glass slide, covered hermetically with
other gla*s and examined beneath the ml-
I croscope. Nothing to be seen-nothlng
i but muscle.
• "Then came from the same locality th»
I Japanese who had been a waiter In the
j restaurant. Again we cut Into the ear.
got the sam* microscopic results from the
examination of the blood; cut into the
the articles in good faith as he was
■n oM man. even at that time, and
thought it a duty he owed to him
• • take" every precaution against
The ma "Charlit" explained
how he cii'ie to be In poss-
Of the property by saying the things had
• ft with him a* wemtty for a loan;
otherwise he culd have taken them to a
VOttM williiiKly advance the
hmal! alii. Bat asked for. The foreign
coins. L. said, were vet v valuable, and
VOOM bring a good price from any col
lector.
Junes admits that he took this security.
but not until he had questioned "Charlie"
| regarding the original owner of
the trinkets. All his answers being secm
ftralghiforward. Jones put the
.. handed over the
% to "Charlie" and started for his
home in Oakland.
While crossing the bay. Jones says, he
i»" men whom he heard dis
cu!-s!i.K ih* murder of Dutil. They spoke
Of the remarkable mystery surrounding
the cate. and wondered why It was that
the detK-ttves had not been able to make
more progress with the caae. He heard
them go into the details— even listened to
a description of the very articles which
were missing from the dead man's pock
ets These remarks gTeatiy pusiled and
worried the old man. for the description
of the misbing jewelry tallied most un
muscle— this time in the leg- prepared the
slides as before, and here you may see for
yourself how the Japanese, Amanoma. Is
riddled with the boring parasites. The
particle of flesh on the slide Is only a fair
sample of any of the voluntary muscles of
his body, and there is only enough of it
to color the glass, yet halt ,i dozen perfect
specimens of the Trichina spiral!* are
there, like worms, all folded in among the
fibers of the muscle.
comfortably well with the bit of "collat
eral" then resting securely In his pocket.
Jones paced the lower deck Of the boat,
turning over in his mind the many strange
things that had come into his life since
he started from home that eventful morn
ing 1 , and each time, as he covered the
length of the deck, ho was obliged to pass
the little screen door behind which they
see such nice thing? to drink. And what
is more natural, when a man Is worried,
than to get on the other side of that door?
Well. Junes did. and he got there more
frequently than was really good for him;
vo that by the time he had reached the
Oakland side his wit was out and the
drink was In. Of course he proceeded to
do exactly what he should have avoided,
namely, develop the more than incipient
Jag he had start. on the boat.
This was a fatal mistake on the part
of Jones, for the more he thought over
the strange fatality that had given him
possession of the now thoroughly trouble
some "collateral. 11 the more he drank,
and. consequently, the more indiscreet he
became. The story of the prosecution
tells the reader the result of his Indiscre
tion.
Mr. Hale, who has since served the
State as Warden of San yu'ntln prinon,
was at that time Sheriff of Alam<vla
County. This gentleman took a great In
terest In the case and questioned Jones
repeatedly about, tiie mythical "Charlie"
'J.JAJE JSU-NDAY UALiJU.
fr W» put the slide In nn 'Incubator' for
a mlnntr- when firs: made. Under the ln
fluence <■< the warmth the trichinae moved
"' ■•■••' ""! 1 raw them wiggle under the
cope."
with a thrill of delight In her
that a;is It. Ash, and not the
girlish Ray Ash.
"li is s. Idom that trichina are found
the living person. Often death ensues
irom cause* unexplained until a post
from whom the defense expected bo much,
and, although the man was entirely un
known to the police of Oakland. Jones
was able to give such nn accurate de
scription of the person that the officer?
were enabled to run him to earth. But
ihe man proved of no use as a witness
for either side, for he stubbornly Insisted
that he knew nothing about Jones, or the
alleged transaction. Although the man
could not give anything like a satisfac
tory account of his movements on that
particular day. still, the defense found It
Impossible to prove anything against him.
Mr. Halo tried one experiment which
convinced him that there wum some foun
dation in the statement of Jones. He
borrowed "Charlie's" clothes and put
them on one of his trusties and then
paraded the trusty, accompanied by sev
eral others, past the cell where Jones was
confined. Jones at once recognized the
clothes, and called- to the man. although
his face was kept purposely turned away
from the prisoner. "Charlie!" he ex
claimed, "you are the very man I want
to see." He wu told that he was mis
taken, that the man he had called to
was not "Charlie." but one of the ihen In
the Jail. Still Jones Insisted that It was
"Charlie," and that he knew and recog
nized every rag worn by the person who
had Just passed his cell. On this point,
the old man's belief remains unshaken to
this day. All this made the Sheriff more
mortem examination shows the trouble.
"By discovering the case promptly
emetics and purgatives can be used to rid
the system of the terrible parasites that
belch forth like little volcanoes their
myriads of destructive progeny."
When pork is but slightly infected there
are J,ut few of Urn specimens, and their
«ffect on the human system shows. itself
more slowly. In the case of the patient,
Joy. he was taken with symptoms" all at
positive of the old man's Innocence Bfl
bummed up the case In cnis. way: How
was It possible for a man or Jones' age;
a man of slight physique— for he never
could have weighed more than ISO pounds
— 40 have struggled for half an hour with
a man of half his a<e and finally succeed
In killing his victim?
All this does seem unreasonable, and
there were still other points that wore
never satisfactorily explained. If. for in
stance, Jones did the deed, why .lid Dutll
undress him In th» French language, and
more particularly, use the endearing ex
pression Uhou) whl< h ai; agreed wi ikl
only be used between oM fru-nds? It was
certainly proved that Jones had no con
ception of the French lan'-:nase. and that
he had never tit^en a CVStOSMf of DuMls.
Then how cculd he have known there irai
anything worth stealing about the place,
especially that murder was SOOSflMry be
fore the property could be secured? Those
are all hard questions to answer, and
leave a very fair margin for reasonablo
doubt, which the law says must always
be given to the prisoner.
One man. In his il^sirp to h*»lp Jones
out of his trouble, made the journey all
the way from his Eastern home, that he
might testify to Jones' good character
Another man left a hospital bed In I,os
Angeles to tell the court what Jones had
done for him. He said that while visit
ing Southern California he wu taken HI
once, a violent pain !n the stomach and
bark as acute as poison.
The causes as laid down In the medical
w..rks ara that the trichina exist- tn the
larvae form in the m.-at of the pig.
It look* then like a lit m: its
length Is about ..nv of ai , j ncn
fully grown. It is encysted be
ihe strands of the muscle* and
it 'lea until the m.-at .p. '-aton. It
wll! stand any amount of cold ami con
and lent to the hospital. tf ■ was with
out means and, being bed-rlddcn. was of
course unable to earn money. Jones
hcurd of his case; drew some money and
hurried to the sick man's side. He paid
the Invalid's bills, purchased for him a
much-needed overcoat and gave him ««uf
flclent means to send for his wife, who
was at that time a resident of Oakland.
All this evidence was produced to prove
that Jones was not hi any way given to
avariciousneas. and that he was well pro
vided with money at the time he was
accused of murdering a fellow creature
for a paltry sum.
The OM man hai little to say about him
self. Ha sayi ha waa born in New York
" n tlu * ' i; 0:1. In
Uie year of our j rnar r
Never again wtll bi refresh hli gase with
a view of trip beautiful H'ghlanda. for he
Is doomed to finish bin days stretched
upon .1 prison col in a cell where 1
glorious Biumhiiu- never by any >
finds Its way. and then must he lie till
the great Judge in his court above seta
fit in his Infinite mercy to call for a
plea of guilty or Innocent. And vital
ever your sours answer may be. long
suffering George Jones, rest ansured you
will never attain listen to that monoto
nous order. "Let the case be continued
till the next term of court."
W. C. BUNNER.
tlnuoua freezing without the I— injury
and will live through a sustained tempcr
aturo of as much na 170 degrees Fahren
heit, about ■ centigrndp. ..
In coolctnq pork housekeepers will bt
much astonished to know that it tnkr*
ten hours of constant boiling to rals© tho
•temperature In the ccntf r of a large l«s
of ham to this point hi other words, the
greater part of the pork that wo eat has
not been cooked HUfllclrnily tf» kill llvlnr
trirhlnao within It. The Ohlnosc Bfrm to
undcrstani! this better and rut their pork
Into thin ullces and »-yen thru «!o not eat
it with the llrst boiling. Instriid they
string it on ■ cord, put it in with thrlr
rico «nd boil yom^ of flu- fT.iv.ir out into
the dish. Then the string of j>ork is re
moved and hung up to dry. Th** rice Is
eaf»n. Again they cook rice with th»»
name pork, pull out th«? Htrintj of pork
and dry It n*ain. Ho time after tlm* until
the pork is cooked to shred*. Tli» It Is
•■toil
Trichina ran live only among canni
bals. It would not bo transmitted to th»
offspring Of any Infected anlmnl. It is
not contagious. But if h.i-s are fed >■:■.
slaughterhouse offal, which of course con
tains the remains of other hogs, it In a
species of cannibalism and the ingested
pork containing th* living trichinae
•wormn perpetuates the dlaeme in the .iv
ing animal, and what is more, it is cumu-
lattre. That I*. the more that Is eaten
the more the subject becomes affected.
When encysted In the muscles the para
site, If In an Immature form. When It Is
eaten by any animal the fluids of Uh«
stomach dissolve the coatlnjf or ry*^!
which surrounds It and the indlYlduaA
Krow rapidly In the Intestinal track. ar
riving at maturity In a few days. They
then begin to reproduce lmmenso rjuantl
tics of young, which Immediately bnr<»
their way through the wall* of th<» In
testines, and after about ten days will
be found Inclosed In the voluntary mus
elM In all parts of tho body. For som*
reason as yet unknown the Involuntary
muscles, those which net day and nltcht
whether we wake or sleep and which ar*
necessary to the continuance of life nr«»
not attacked »ertoml>; enough to warrant
attention. The heart, most Involuntary
of all. Is In nil cases free. Death usually
Is caused If at all by weakening of tho
muscles which are partly voluntary and
partly Involuntary, as those of the dia
phragm. The patient becomes thus so
enfeebled that breathing Is Impossible ami
he dies from suffocation.
So beware of the p|« that rats the rat
that came In the ship from Asia.
Mormomsm has taken refujco In Swltj
erland. Recently published statistics ap
prise us that there are no fewer than 1100
Mormons scattered about the Swim re
public.
It Is Said That Cur feet
Are Growing Much
Larger.
Shoemakers and haberdashers who eat**
to the wnnts of the elite assert that the'r
patrons this year demand hosiery 1
shoes averaging from one-half to on. «™
a half sizes larger than they did five v M n
ago. The majority of the. dealers bclleva
that the average length and breadth of
men's feet have been steadily Increasing
since the wane of th«» fashion which de
manded a pointed to* and U«ht-ruii n ,
shoe.
This they explain by saying that the
effect of th.< style In vogue six >- .- nco
wan to cramp and .dlitort the natural de
velopment of the feet. When the style
changed and comfort became the criterion
of fashion nature again exerted Itself
Feet which had become distorted during
the reign of the narrow shoe and pointed
toe slowly began to broaden and adapt
themselves to their new surroundings
The change, being gradual, went for a
long- time unnoticed, and not until tho
merchants recently began to compare
their sales of live years ago with those of
to-day was It noticed that the average In
crease has been approximately one s!z#»
Several well known shoe dealers Bald
that when they first began to notice the
apparent change they became Interested
and studied the problem. Thoy found that
when fashion demanded the use of arrow
shoes feet were closely confined and by
degrees became small. As styles changed
and an easy fit was alone desired the feet
seemed to expand and grow steadily
larger until the fashion again required a
small, neat Coot, when the process would
be repeated.
One merchant, versed in ancient and
Oriental history, pointed out to me th»
fact that in countries where the sandal
or other loose foot covering Is generally
worn the feet of the inhabitant* are com
paratively large, and in «.'uuntrl«M whfr«
a big shoe !.■» In poor taste small foet are
In the majority. i,; * .-_■
A well-known hosier, when I toM him
the theory advanced by other haberdash
era and shoemaker*. smiled incredulously
nnd said: "I'll tell you what my experi
ence has been; perhaps it would be inter
esting. When iim.-H are hard I notice th it
men order large socks.and when there I*
plenty of mom that they prefer close
ntrliiK ones. It can all br reduced to a
question of economics, in - ray opinion.
Large hose wear longer than those <•£ per
fect tit, but they are not so comfortable.
Most well-dressed men are tho first to feel
the pressure of hard times, and then they
begin to economize. They would probably
deny It If you should confront them with
the statement that for the sake of savin*
a quarter they were wearing, a pair of
misfit socks, lit under those condition *
nine times out of ten the accusation would
be true."A FEW DELICACIES THAT WILL PLEASE HOLIDAY PALATES
Tl have
■
Co not know, as they are simple, delicious
and not difficult to make. A little more
time It always takes to make anything
pretty and Inviting, but one should not
begrudge It. as the pleasure It rives
amply repays the trouble taken The fol
lowing desserts are new and simple, and
to the housekeeper who halls with delight
something which is new to her table will
be pleased with them:
MAPLE MOUBBE-B«at th» yolk* of fix
rec* until very light: into a saucepan put
three-quarters of a cupful of mapl-*
syrup, when hot pour over the eggs, tnrn
into a double boiler and cook until it be
gins to thicken: take from the stove and
b«»at until cool. "Beat the white? of the
eggs to a stiff froth and add then to one
pint of whipped cream: stir lightly into
the custani and turn into :i mold; set
In ice and salt until wanted.
STRAWBERRi CiIAKLOTTE- Line a.
t3l*h with slices of cake dipped In cream,
rover tlv* layer with fresh strawberries,
th^n add more eak«» dipped in cream, and
so on until the dish is flll-d. Make a
custard of one quart of milk, the yolks of
six one cupful of sucar and Oaror
ir.S if desired: .illnw to coo! and ixmr over
ARTISTIC HOMES
IN STOCKTON
the rake and berries, and on the top put
the whites of the eggs beaten stiff. Set
■ and serve when very cool.
DINQ— Heat the whites of
Fix egga to a stiff froth, take stewed
prunes and chop enough to make a cup
ful, first draining off all juice: add to the
eggs. nMr lightly and turn Into a but
ruddlng «tlsh "and bake fifteen mln
:-; a moderate oven Serve 1m
: H\ with sweetened whipped cream.
ALMOND HOT BALLS-To the beaten
whites of three eggs add one-quarter of
a pound of blanched almonds, on* pint of
bread crumbs, one-hair a teaspoonful of
salt; form into hails and drop into a ket
tle of boilinj? water; as soon as they rls«
to the top they are done. Serve with a
mine sauce.
rO RANGES IN JELLY-Slice and re
move the needs from nice, sweet oranges
and pui them around the sid**s of a cylin
drical mold. Make a jelly by soaking a
half box of gelatine in a cupful of cold
water until dissolved and adding to it one
cupful of susriir. the Juice of three lemons,
the prated peel of one. and two cupfuls
of boiling water, strain and let ccol: pour
in the mold, adding more oranges; bury
in fcr and salt unt'i s*rved.
RAISIN SOUFFLE-Seed and wash one
cupful of raifclus; ■ y and add
two tables^, ontuia of sherry; let them
stand for one hour. .Beat the whites of
six eggs to a stiff mft-ingue with six ta
nlespoonfuis of powdered sugar; add the
raisins, turn into a buttered pudding dish
and bake twenty minutos in a moderate
oven. Serve with whlpnvd cream
BANANAS IN JELLY-Make a Jelly of
a half box of gelatine dissolved In a little
■ah tor; add two cupfuls of boiling
r the juice of two lemons, one cup
ful of sugar and maraschino to taste.
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Cut the bananas in cross sections or
lengthwise and line & mold with them;
pour over the Jelly when almost cold and
set on ice.
APPLE MERINGUE PlE— Cook three
pints of good cooking apples with one
small cupful of water; add when done one
tablespoonful of butter. two-thirds of a
cupful of sugar and the grated rind of
one lemon; allow to cool, then add the
beaten yolks of three eggs and pour into
a deep plepan lined with rice paste and
bake. When done put on the top the
beaten whites which nave been sweetened
with powdered sugar, and brown lightly.
Coffee Receipts.
Much has been from time to time writ
ten on the subject of coffee as a beverage,
the degree or fineness. to which it should
be ground, the method and extent of Its
roasting, the quality of the berry Itself
and the make of coffee pot best adapted
to Its preparation having all received their
due share of attention. But so far not
much has been said of the many ways in
which it can be used In sweet dishes, and
therefore the following recipes may prove
of interest to those who appreciate its
flavor: .•-.'.
SOUFFIiE AU CAFE— Cook two table
spoonfuls of potato flour In rather less
than one and a half pints of milk; when
it bolls and thickens remove the pan from
the Are and mix into it the yolks of four
eggs and a liquor glassful of coffee made
as strong as possible; sweeten with finely
powdered sugar to taste, and then stir in
the whites of five eggs whisked to a stiff
froth. Pour it into . a prepared souffle
case and bake for fifteen minutes or so in
a good oven. /
SUGGESTIONS
fOR THE
- LAST COURSE
of ill dinner-
BAVAROISE Af CAFE-Put Into a pan
a pint of milk, half a pint of very -
coffee and the yolk.-; "f two egg?
this thoroughly together, bring It Just to
a boll, stirring it occasionally, then beat
it continuously till cold. New put Into a
basin the yolks of two eggs and two and
a half ounces of caster sugar, and stir it
ail together with a wooden spoon for ten
minutes; then add it t>» the previous mix
ture, adding at last t!i»* whites of t:.
egg» whl[.r>*<! to a stiff froth, and la»*!y
and one mince of dissolved gelatine; stir
this all e^utlv together and pour It Into
a wJ mold. Turn it out when set.
OEUFS A LA NEIOE AU CAFE-9.p
arate the yolks and whites of five *gtn
and whisk the latter to a stiff froth with
a little sugar: sweeten a quart of milk to
taste and bring It to a boll; then ar once
drop tn the egg froth In pieces the slie of
a hen's egg. shaped with a dessert spoon.
Only do a small quantity at a time, allow.
Ing each pi*'*e to poach for a minute, and
when done lift it out by the ilice onto a
reversed Biev» to drain. When all tt
white ha? be*r. cooked strain the milk.
add to It the yelks of the eggs well beaten
up with a gill of very strong coffe*. mix
well, and stir it over th^ nre In a double
saucepan till the custard is sufficiently
thirk. then let it cool When cold pour
It into a dish, lay the snow eggs on top.
pprinkle "'with hundreds and thousands"
and serve
TO MAKE COFFEE IN A PLAIN BIT
SATISFACTORY WAY- For one quart-
Grind two tabl.»spoonfuls of the browned
b«rrl^s fine. Put in pot with, if you llk».
a pinch of chicory and one quart '
cupst of cold water. Bring t«> a boll and
then set where it will keep hot but not
boil, for three minutes before using. If
not perfectly clear add a tpaspoonful of
cold water or art the pot down hard, to
Jar the contents.
TO MAKE TEA -Allow two teaspoon
fuls of good tea 'green and black mixed Is
the best) for each quart Alwny* BM an
earth«»r. pot If po««lbi«». but in any case
hay* the pot thoroughly clear and well
warmed. Roll the leaves between the
palms of your hands to break them up as
fine as possible, and put in the pot. Bring
the desired quantity of fresh water
quickly to a boll and add to the tea wht'.e
bubbling. Set in a hot place for three
minutes and then pour
TO MAKE CHOCOLATE— one ta
blespoonfui of chocolate for each half
pint of liquid. If you like It very rich use
all milk; If not use half milk. Put your
milk, or milk and water. in a perfectly
clean basin or stewpan and bring It to a
boil. JU.UC the chocolate :n a. cup or small
bowl with a little boiling water to free it
• from lumps, and add to It the boiling
liquid. Let it boll for two minutes, stir
ring constantly, and add a small pinch of
fait or a bit of butter before serving.
Sweeten to taste.
inter fruits.
Winter Is coming on now and though
not so limited as our Eastern sisters we
have but a small variety of fruit, com
pared with summer, for table use. Apples,
oranges and bananas are always with us
during these months and can be made In
many dainty and delicious desserts. Ap
ples particularly are good In anything,
and their Infinite possibilities make them
In great demand.
Autumn is the turning point In customs
circuit and the table as well as feminine
fripperies changes. We are ready, for
the chancre and the beginning of cold
weather fare Is keenly relished by all.
Every housewife has a few favorite
apple desserts. The following ones may
be new. and if so are well worth trying:
BAKED APPLES A LA CREOLE— Core
the apples and bake them in a little water
and lemon Juice. When done rill the
centers with Jelly or marmalade, pour
over the liquid they have been cooked in.
On the top of each apple place a meringue.
Place In a slow oven for seven minutes.
Serve very cold.
BAKED COMPOTE OP APPLES— Use
. small apples. Pare and core them and
put them In a Jar which has a cover. Add
the rind of one lemon cut thin and.one
half a pound of sugar. Put on the cover
and cook in a slow oven for two hours.
Serve cold.
• • BAKED APPLES— Core the apples and
, fill . each • cavity with sugar, nutmeg and
a small piece of butter. Add one cupful
of warm water and bake In a slow oven.
When the apples are tender take Am
out and to the liquor In the nan a.. one
cupful of sugar and one cupful of water.
801 l until thick pour over apple* and set
on Ice. Serve with whipped cream.
SLICED APPLES-Peel and slice th*
apples, cover with sugar and some mild
liquor. Cover with whipped cream and
serve.
JELLIED APPLES-Peel and cor*
small apples and boll them slowly with
one lemon until tender. Make a syrup al
lowing one-half pound of sugar to every
pound of apples, pour over apples and
boll until clear. Take out the apples and
to the syrup add one box or gelatin*
which has been dissolved. Place on th«
top of each apple a slice of lemon, pour
over the syrup and set on Ice. Serve with
or without whipped cream.
JELLIED APPLES 11-Bllc* the apple*
and place In a pudding dish with alternate
layers of sugar, cover and bake for two
hours. When cold turn out on a plate
and serve with cream.
BOILED APPLES- Place, without peel-
Ing, nice, smooth apples In a saucepan.
cover with water and boll until tender.
Add enough sugar to sweeten and boll
until the apples are well sweetened. Take
the apples out carefully and boll the syrup
until thick. Pour over apples.
Oranges and pineapples are preferred
sliced. Pineapples are very nice when
shredded, cover with sugar and a wine*
glassful of curacoa and half a wine
glassful of brandy. Oranges, bananas
and shredded cocoanut In layers alter
nating with powdered sugar and then the
brandy and curacoa make ■ delicious de*
sert.
Requested Receipts.
GRAHAM PUFFS-Slft two cupful* of
white flour, one tablespoonful of sugar
and one teaspoonful of salt together, add
one cupful of graham flour. Beat three
eggs very light and add two cupfuls of
milk, pour over the flour mixture and beat
welL Butter gem pans well and fill with
the batter. Bake In a quick oven far
twenty-five minulrs.
CHAMPAGNE PUNCH— BoII one-half
cupful of augur witn one pint -of water tor
fifteen minutes; take from fire and add
the grated rind and juice of one orange
and the Juice of three lemons. When cold
turn Into the freezer, and when parti/
frozen add one-half pint of fine cham
pagne. Serve in punch glasses.
FRENCH FRIED POTATOES— Par*
small, firm potatoes thinly and cut them
lengthwise, throw in cold water and let
stand half an hour; drain and lay on a
cloth to dry. Put Into a frying basket and
fry for ten minutes.
PARSNIP BALLS— BoII the parsnips
and when done mash fine and season with,
italt and pepper. Stir in one tablespoon
tul of flour and one egg beaten well Mis
thoroughly and shape Into small round
cakes. In a frying pan put one table
upoonful of lard and one of butter; when,
hot tout in cakes and fry a light brown.
ANCHOVY SAUCK— Mix one teaspoon
ful of anchovy :>auce with a pint of drawn,
butter and serve hot with fish.
KISSES— Beat the whites of six eggs to
a stiff froth and aud one cupful of pow
dered sugar by degrees. Line a thick pan
with heavy white paper, dip a teaspoon
In cold water and fill with the mixture:
drop on the paper at equal distances.
Sprinkle with sugar and place In a slow
oven for forty minutes: when firm re
move from the paper carefully so as not
to break; remove the soft part Inside and
fill with whipped cream. Any Cavorlcs
can be used.
BOSTON* BROWN BREAD— Sift to
gether half a pound each of wheat and
rye flour, th- same amount of corn meal,
one large -<p<x>nful of brown xugar.
"one teaspoonful of salt and one of baking
powder. Boil two medium-sized potatoes,
rub through a sieve, add a pint of i-»
and stir in the flour mixture. Mix thor
cughly and pour Into well greased moMs;
cover tightift- and boil for two hours. Be
fore serving put in oven for twenty min
utes.
GINGER COOKIES— Cream one cupful
of butter with one of sugar; add one well
beaten egg. one cupful of molasses, ono
tablespoonful of ginger, MM of vinegar,
one t<;aspoonful of soda and two cupful.-*
of flour. Mix well, adding the flour by de
crees, and add the »oda dissolved In a
little water last. Roll out a little thicker
than, pie crust, cut with a cookie cutter
and bake about eight minutes.
2526
Surprising Sporting Entertainments Promised the Visitors at the Paris Exposition.
Bull lon Rights the Proper Thing,
Will Prob M 3Be the Rage This Winter.
• -
VISITORS la the Paris F.xpcr'.tlon
will find lively sporti:>s entcrtaln
n:<!.tr to surprise tl:rrr--o:n<.r:r.'i
mtnts <.1 a Ulnd hitherto supposed
r-.rix id he in !:ecplnß w!th ihc
French teirpcrarnort. A reinarha
hW chm.fc !s« comlrx over the tew "yport.
Inn" generation. The bull light c»r..\
wMeh a f i \v years ;ic> imd its extreme .it
Aries, Imp he;»ii pushed t<> Uouloprc. in
the ej»?t .if Roubaix; tn the north. In n >1-
tcrntiried attack on the capital. Had the
IctclUscnt hcr.?t tint ;.o:<\i and trampled
Ms way through the spectators at liv-
Rh!*n a few Sundays r.<ro the corrMs
wr«;«:\: have l-ncn planted at ih« gates of
Paris. The combat bettrecn the lto?t .-»nd
bu'.l at Rnubalx] Instead of dr*sustfng iJie
pdblicj only dlvidcJ it Into iwo « % amp» of
pa: M-.a:;»-,»r ».»:'] ;i:,il llon^ Tin: ('hmi«
m.-ir.t-Prisioll match, which w:i» to hflve
«I»p:< '.<v. tiio vexed qumtion of An»;lo-
Baxon tx>\;r«; ittbu* <;.i!!i«.* Stickles. A^
cliletf nothiiyr. except that there must :>e
nirrt ru< ii matches. And now ennif!" M.
de Reetol's enterprise for pitting French
«.:ii] llnßiish rouchs together, for the
•vcnplr»K <v' <"r. t>. Aclmourt an<l Water
loo. The moverrctit ■»»-oTn? to b* irrrsisii
tle--'.lk< that in f.-.vor of licensing pam-
Mlt.r houses; and it promlws to make
tbJnss lively fo- the exposition^
Whea «v« ;>niil l.t each last week to «c«»
it;o long-promised Hrln ptu up by «*harle
mont— -tho rcoj«t celebrated r.r French feot
box«r»—:t \%i»* *!tli minKleil npprehen-
Blons.
A f*tv y^.trs apo. at th«? Pelican Club
in l.orj.lnT). they matched Charlemont
rpair.s: :\!i Irish tirnlsrr «>f tin- name of
Donafirbtte for a m"r«« boxinp bout. Don
achu.- h.i<l lievw seen s«.ivatr. but tho k.>i«i
t»mj)t»fi him. a kick in the stomach sent
him flying l^fnr^ he rra!i*«-rt crhat hr wns
■iip sxalnrt. Th<- r.»«xt time <"h:irl«Tn'i!it
feinted »vlih Hie gloves, and though the
Irishman r<'trr:jir«<i *(-<»m)nf;ly out «>f <lis
ia::c<\ ciiarU'nioj:t. svxinßlnc round on one
lf-s. caught Jiim unawares with another
FtJnclng kirk.
Thi- Irishman went 'Town a^ain. Hin f*»c
onds i.1.l liim to pet dose; but PoiMsrhu*
t\.k >i >ii ;it >«.i with the method of the
vi-r.'-r. and a thir<l tJm«* he %vas r-ent to
the fl< or. it is true that in the fourth^
r<*)<l ii:-.:il- round Donaffhuo. warned ta
"c>-\ cl«>?e and ntay there." punched
« !-.;iri>TT"iit nr'nniil the rJujc ro thnt tht.
unsportful Frenchman a^k<><l permission
!•< put un hU shoes. Thai fettled it. A
peneral murmur of indignation went up
from the E*cllcans. They leave the light t-j
Donaxhue. But it remains no less true
that kicks from heavy shoes were looked
.'M as Loo dangerous for loyal pport.
In This way opinion had b.-en wavering
t'-ir years. Knplishmen were confident
that Ihe savate waf "no Rood." but no
r.!;c!!^'.i rUthtlnc man mm" out to prove it.
All ujN was mviii :n me ctfdit of Jerry
I »ris<-<di'v rouraire; and the news that h«
►as o-atrh-d to fight with Charlrmont in
beavjr winter shoe* »tlrre.l up the sport
' In* men 11. London and Paris. Oradtt
should ba Riven to .rlemo!:t an well.
fco»cv,.r. for this French ••prwftsjor"
never hsri fought a serious battle. ■It
would not do to r.Ri.. In thoe« for keepi«."
t ':«• •irr'>'.r::c-r!t has always been,
liioni c would be broken In lh-"> Urst round."
Therefore the bt.ut* of the Soeiet!* da la
Box* Franralse/; the .1 ii iii« Military
Bchool and ih* various Paris professors'
annual benefits showed the favate :i> an
,cvtrcrr.cl> graceful species of gymnastics
: ".!> . With the lacJt rstai dlna thru
it merely need<*4 shoe* to ■•■.■• it '"terrl-
Me." Men enuddered nt the ;S:oucht of ..
IJ<ro r.v:r surprise came in. before the
actual expeilnaentJ In the seclusion of a
private ritiiv.p acadcai>\ In the presence
«'f a Nrlect auJlencc <>r 300 men trilling to
lay J<l for reserved sen*.*', with no 1e.33
a swell than the vtiuns 'sar'm Henri de
Rothrchtld f->r doctor, .lerr> Driscoll. one-
Urn« champion of the r.rifish navy, st->oo
up t.i recehe the ti>rr!b!« kicks of the
Frenchman?
W**i 1 Chr.rlemont"s heavy (oil came
• lashing down on Dri?cnH's tibia. In the
celebrated eo:i»i tie pled bas!
Wang! and »>;iT'. Three tlnj»v« he came
down ou that tibia with such force thai
we could J:eor him Brunt. Yet there was
nothing broken! Tho dreaded coup de
pled bas f.-.Jled to Justify its reputation!
Drlscoll. always smiling thnt silly nalle
of hi.--, receiving the Frenchman's heel
upon his rhlnbone. us If the heavy winter
.«h<j<-.« did not exl?t. "He must have legs
of iron." exclaimed Professor Victor Cu
teres.
Round I— Kven the Frenchman's welsht
ICt pounds, was In his favor against the
»<". pounds of Driseoll. The eipht-ounce
glovos^-not four-ounce gloves as has been
staled — proved from the first a serious
handicap to the Englishman n« well. Lack
of experience forced him to take three ba I
shin kicks In this flr.*t round, while he
pot back only once with a blow on tho
Jrenehman's heart. Then the French
man, clinching, rot him by the neck. In
a peculiar wrestler's grip, which caused
a moment's excitement.
'•Break awny"' called all the English
present.
"Break his Deck!" cried the French
►ports It was enough to make nn tinder-
Inker nnlle, and out of It nil mm« the
Knßli*hnuin with his hand to hi* Up, com
plaining. In an Injured tone: "Why, gen
tlemen, the beggar's bit me!"
It nil;, even so! Bui a little thing like
a rttanee bite was not enough to jitop so
expensive a contest. Some of the French
men, with native gallantry, offered to
muzzle their champion; but nu It would
have made striking at his face Irapcxslble
the suggestion was not considered *erl
ouiUy.
Hound ; The men got to close quartern
quickly, with I ;-.-.. 11 having th< lust of
It When the Frenchman launched M
kick the Englishman stepped bacK from
It. and then rushed In and planted blow
on blow with the soft eight-ounce, gloves.
The blows told In the long run. from tht-ir
mero force, dazing Charlenxmi and .it one
moment It looked us If he were ripe for
the kneckout. Li-it the French spectators,
crying furiously "Co back!" and gesticu
lating at him. seamed to rebuke Driseoll,
as if ho had done something wrong.
"I asked what was the matter." Di I
coll has »ir:. • explained. "Had 1 done
something .>i-:iiii.-t the rule*, or «ma the
Frencl.mun giving It up? "Oh. Ibat'a all
right." answered CharlemonY* side part
ner—the man who engaged me to light—
'you will come on again in a moment. ' "
Round 3— The referee, who In tin- excite
ment of the previous round had resigned
his function*, agreed to • referee some
more- Charlcmont had pot hi» wind again,
kicked Driseoll a bad one in the stomach,
but did not e«cupc the usual heavy punch-
Ing. The savate kicks, especially when
they failed to land, were evidently tiring,
and soon he waa puffing like an automo
bile motor. Though a "professor" and a
gentleman, the Frenchman fought like a
mad dog. Driseoll, always smiling, took
perhaps three kick* In this round, all upon
tho upper body, and administered such a
TIIE SUNDAY CALL.
food punci.M.fi •» ' i'loc In' return tint
only one more Mow seemed needful to
complete ■ knockout. That finishing blow
h« never delivered.
Looking back on the fourth fifth and
sixth rounds, It Is hard to Judge of the
good faith of DrlscoU. In the aotuul fight
no out- alleged a "fake" or- dreamed of
doing so, because the punishment that he
gave Charleniont was serious. Drlscoll
himself says that the howling threats of
tin' spectators kept him back several
times when he night perhaps have landed
a decisive blow. For the rest he declares
he did his best. it it- certain that Cbarle*
mont'A face was punched out- M shape,
whll« Ihe kicks may have crippled Dris
roll much n:oro than appeared. At any
rate. In i!ie seventh round In* gel a terri
ble tup-pointed kick In the chest that
hampered him in the last round.
Round I (nnd lost)— ln this round fame
what might have been expected from the
frenchman* crazy anger, a foul kick
it may hi-. been an accident, but, lt was
none ih« lens decisive. With a bowl Drls
coll dropped.
"It v ... all ;. i use!" now declare fhe
better informed French .sports. "It was
wrotis to put u;> an untrained 'professor'
ngninst such a seasoned pug as Driscoll."
• If »c snillc-sis ii.) one could r<'fv:i(n
from doing at the Charlemor.t-Drlscoll
meeting— over the French lack «•! sport
ing habit, iiiim,,-!!, ,■ of rules and general
unpreparednrse. we must do Justice to
their ardor at the least, The thing Is
new to them, yet they are bound to
plunge straight into it.
Meanwhile Brighten, ten miles outside
of Paris, is building ■ "proper" bull-ring,
to become the professed home of the
sport near the capital. 1 was present at
the first tragic fiasco In which the bull
escaped: and I repeat that we must won
der at the unpreparndhess of all this new
sporting effort. There was nothing to
protect the audience but a flimsy .wooden
fence, breast high, hastily thrown to
gether by an enterprising business houso
which undertook th*> labor for th« ad
vertiser, right*. All around h p-ibllo
paying twenty francs* a seat, a really
brilll.int vubllc. mor« than hall made up
of fashionable*. discussed impatiently the
oik- attest lon -would the horses bo pro*
tected, would the bulls have leather balls
upon their horn*? Tho first hull out, a
perfect duvll. black .-i i Ink, left no illusion.
He had long, sharp horns ami all uncov
ered. When thn poor old horses wcro led
in their short leather, waistcoats wobbled
on them pitiably. It was not difficult to
foro.ifo their finish. Had QOt the bull
developed other views, the horses would
h«i\M Ix en pored aa cruelly ns nt r. r
deaux or Raubalx.
The, bull had not been teased twice— he
had only one spear thrust In his Hhoulder
--when, fike v* flash of lightning, ho leaped
tlv- frail wooden fence, dashed headlong
into.th»! crowd, goring, tramping right
and left .-i clear track , through tho curs-
Ing men and ucreamlng wnmrn, through
the canvas tent, and out Into the freedom
of the fields, lie left v track of Wood
and wound* behind him. That no ono
was killed appears miraculous. Out into
the Reid] the matadors and picadors pur
sued hint. joined by the suburban police
with their revolvers. ".
From our high places, cutting great
silts in tin- canvas >>( the tent, we saw
them phase tho bull, continually Brine at
him. I!'- must have received lifty rovol
ver shots fore he died. The matadors
did not show up too well In this encoun
ter. Fearful of the slippery ground, and
a b«l! not completely tired out. .is in the
corrida] their sword Jabs were timid, in
effectual. A country gendarme at last
killed him with His cutlass. The *üb
prefect stopped tho fight, because of the
insufficient protection of the public. And
every one went back to Paris grumbling.
So stands the new bloody "sport to
day in Paris. Both the bull fight and tho
rib-smashing contest came off within the
last month. , a new spirit certainly has
come to Paris. It is bloody, vicious.
wicked. "Sport" Is responsible for !t.
Sport causes reckless chauffeurs to run
down pedestrians with their automobile
rncera in the full Avenue of the Champs
Elyseen. Sport la responsible for the Aero-
Ballooninß Club, from whose exploits two
accidents are duo already. The old Paris
night-llfc of soft debauch Is waning.
Young; men neck their beds to set an earlr
morning start. Regenerating •■port."
which Is to nave the racr. puts Its taboo
upon the lighter vices . But th" French
temperament is hot stuff. 801 l tight* and
rib-smaahlnu: Old-fashioned Frenchmen
shake their heads dubiously.
STERLING HEILIG.THE SUNDAY CALL.
2728
FOUND IN THE PHILLIPINES
A Stirring Story
of Army Life.
By BRIGADIER-GtKCRAL OIARLt/ KING. 1
Coryn%h» fey t. T.o.^nHtfV/
TKE story erent with a scene In the
regimental camp on Presidio Heights.
overlooking San Francisco harbor. Ru
mors cf moving orders to Manila and
the arrival from New Tcrk of lady visit
or* at • tatters vary the, monotony of camp
routine. The visitors are In search of a run
away hoy mho Is believed to have entered the
•m y. and Lieutenant Gray, the moet popular
young officer In hi» regiment, through a sup
pesefl ccquaintanc* with M of the visiting
ran}'. Ida Amy lAwrence. la envied by hit
fellowt. The party, escorted by Colonel Arm
strong, attend* a review en the drill ground*
s.r.l ti disturbed by the Mght of a young prlt
rr.er who breaks away from hit guards near
thin snd by a oolllsior. among the carriage*.
Mn. Garrison, an old acquaintance, of Colonel
Armstrong. :» hurt. Private Morton !• arrested
on a chart* of etetllng money. He appeals to
lieutenant Gray of hie fraternity for help.
<rr»y secures the detail of ruard over him. The
troop* prepare to Mill for Manila. Mrs. Garri
son ;-■■:• the Red < - -• Society and assist* at
the embarking. Young Wort -n a!ad three other
prisoner* escape through • tunnel. Gray Is ar
reftf-4, charred with having aided the prison
er*. At \V«st Point, the summer before, Mrs.
O*rr!«"-n and h-^r your.rer Pinter. Nlta Tcrrlsfc.
ha.l rhuhoA much talk. Xlta fell In love with
a prantacnt cadet. Pat L«atrobe. but Mrs. Gar
tiscn tnok her anay in time to prevent an
eloixTTWii and marr'.aife. Uatrcbo deserts, and
r.l» friend, Gouurti»ur Prisiie. » - ho has been
Infatuated with Mm. <iarrlson. runs away from
hr.mr tn join the srrr.y st Sail Francisco. Situ
married <"'lfnel F*i.ifi, «tni Latribe followed
I.er fpTn t'lace to place, ►eeklng an Interview,
until he Is locmrfl la Fan Francisco and fur
j*ct»4 of tiemg with Morton. A valuable paek
tife of lrttern h-ie b»en lon frsm (Jfnfral I>ray
t r. ■ tent. Latrobe \r a npphew «->f the - '.eraL
Ootonrt Armttnmc defends Oray at the trial
urni h»-rurr* his r'-leas-.'. Cray's tvfriment (.alls
for MitaUa. l.ut. slipping at Honolulu. Uray la
takrn UL
Continued
Canker had to place him In arrest
and prefer charpes. When asked if
he was mre of his ground in making
co teriou? an accusation, he declared
he had proof positive, at least he
would have the instant they reached Ma
nila, and his' intention uah jo take the
boy alone with him to he tried there by
c-.urt-m.mial. where -no meddling out
siders, us h«- said, could buy on* wit
thi..-»s. It \v;is plain that hi- Vonsiriered
himself out «<f my jurisdiction, and that
he resented n>y stiitl officer.-; questions.
Hut Dr. Morrow had appealed to me in
behalf of Gray. Bald thai if romp-lied
to continue a prisoner aboard thru trans-
port under Canker's tyrannical rule Gray
mip!it bo goaded into insanity. He was
:n a condition bordering on brain fever
when Morrow came to me me and in an
other <lay w.ts rnvitiK- That settled It.
I ordered him taken off and placed in
hospital her.-, and Canker had to go
xvithout him. Hut 1 wish you would se»
Armstrong and tell him about Gray so
that 1 may kt.ow the whole situation a«
foon as I return, Canker evidently in
tended not to )cx us know his proofs. He
probably believes that he will tlnd a mor©
credulous and complaisant listener in
Drayton; but his insinuations pointed to
Gray hs at least an abettor in the theft
nrd he went ao far as to say that If Arm.
ttrong could be brought before the court
some, very Interestlns testimony could be
dragged from him. and. iin'aily. that
both Armstrong and Mrs.— well. the
wij. of a staff •jrhe.-r who is already well
on the way to Manila— might be" com
pelled to testify. I cannot brine myself
to repeat more that he said: but he* was
In uk!v and almost defiant mood, and I
had to give him a dressing down. You
ma) sa> to Armstrong for me that I do
not believe one word of « 'anker's calumny
at his expanse or that of the lady in th«
cas«-. Hut he declared his intention of
!a>inp the whole matter before General
Drayton immediately on his arrival, and
it i.» best that Armstrong should be pre
pared. Ac for the lady. Canker said she
and Armstrong were very close friends
wh«-n th«-y were at Fort Stanhope tesi
years ago, though they no longer meet
ft.- BUCIL
And that brings me to another matter.
.1 declined positively to allow two or threa
l.Hiii s. wives of otuurrs. to go on to Manila
with Canker* • command: and they said
that as I had promised Mrs. Harrison a
passage 1 had no right to refuse ;h.-m.
Pressed lor their authority, two very
estimable women told me that, at 'he
Presidio two days before we sailed Mrs.
Garrison rjenly boasted of having my
promise ••• send her on the very next
fteamer. .\"< w. who is really the fabri
cator? 1 told her positively th.i. with
my consent, she should not to; and she
laughed .1. lichtedly. and said she only
asked as a matter of form— the wh^ia
thing had already been settled. Just see
to it th.n H any more transports start
before my return no women is permitted
aboard x«-« pt. of course, authorized
muses. Gray Js a very tick boy to-night,
but >ou might wire his father, • me
nothire -<f the arrest, that the doctors
f.r. con:id-nt of his recovery Jn courte of
time."
Armstrong read these pages twice over
before ]|.' linked Up.
"H'iw ,:j,i t.'.is letter come?" he asked.
•'IJy the Salvador yesterday."
"And ihe nut mail for Honolulu?"
qurri<d Armstrong, rising from his < hair
end haaling back the folded letter.
"The i). \t mail i losed an hour : go. man.
The China ball* at :. No other boat for a
we. k. \V'n re ,ir< you going now ." .
"To camp foi t< n minutes, then to the
Pr> Mdio."
•<'li. come over to the club and have a
nit.- tir«t?" s:«id the adjutant gei.eral. ris
ing Mi »TtKglins out of the uniform coat
us he did so. "1 won't keep you halt an
hour."
;
••\\<ll. Hold on. What am I to say to
the c !•.<■!■.. 1 as to Gray and those .etters?"
■Meed Hi. Ktafl" oilirtr. intent u'xcj the
subject up|>ntnoM In his m;nd at the
moment.
■■ ■ .
1
fflc< ! -
But Armstrong knew much less than ho
hiir.i.elf believed. Hastening back to camp
nnd ordering his horse, he was soon
*l»f*»ding up the slope to the wind-swept
heights overlooking the CJolden Gate. The
morning had opened fine as Fllk. but by
noon th«« sky was hidden in clouds and
th* breath of th« sea blew In salt and
strong. The whltecaps were leaping on
the crest of the surges driving In through
the straits and the surf bursting high
on th* Jagged rocks at the base of the
cliff*. A little coast steamer from Santa
Barbara way came pitching and plunging
in from sea, and one or two venturesome
craft. herlinß far to leeward, tore through
thf billows and tossed far astern a froth
ing Mk«, With manes and tails stream
ins In th<- FtifT gale, the troop horses of
th* Fourth <*dvalry were cropping at the
i-r.ifUy herbage down the northward
Blope. and the hrrd guard nearest the
road lovt his Rrip on his drab campaign
hnt as lie essayed a salute, and galloped
on on a stem chase down the lone
ravine to the «ast. as the colonel trotted
briskly r>v. One kt-on glance over the bay
beyond the rocky Ahatraz had told dim
the ( h na was not yet away from the
Pier. He might bay* to send a dispatch
by that swllt steamer, and oven then it
would »<e six days, getting to Hawaii." If
the department commander should by
thai time \>f on his homeward journey
the information mould mill be of Interest
Itary OlHtrirt at "the Cni?!. RobjJf of the
Pacific." and of vast benefit, possibly to
his latp client, Mr. CSray. Ho wondered
what < 'anker's Rrour.fls could be for sad
dling p« foul a suspicion on the boy's
pood name. He wo:idcrcd how lonp that
poor lad would have: to FtrußßJe with this
attack of fever and remain, perhaps hap
r.ily. unconscious of this latest Indignity.
lie wondered If Amy Lawrence yet knew
' f thai serious seizure, md. If she M
what would be her sensations. Down the
tvindlnK. sloping road he urped his way
<^l*»neoe. his pet charger, marveling at
the uiiui«uel palt. The cape of the sen
try's overcoat whirled over the sentry's
hond and e wished his cap off as he pre
sented arms to the tall soldier spurnns
r-apt the .ardhoußO "I envy no one who
has to put to sea this day." said Arm-
Ftronc to himself, as he. turned to the
right and reined up In front of a little
brown cottace peepinir out from a muss
cf vines and roecs. shivering In the wet
wind. Half a dozen strides took him
•.cross the narrow walk and up the wood
en steps. With sharp emphasis he
clanged the little gong hell screwed to
the oack of the door and waited Im
patiently of the servant's coming. There
was no answer. He rang again and still
again and no one came.
A glance at the windows told that the
white lace curtains hung there draped as
prettily as ever. Fresh flowers stood on
the window sill. A shawl and a pillow,
tl c latttr indented as by a human head,
lay in the lounging chair on the little
porch. Another chair etood but a few
f.-.-t away. There was even a fan, though
fans In a Frisco summer are less needed
than fur*; but nowhere saw he other sign
of the temporary mistress of the house.
He went round to a side window and
rapped No answer. Then he turned to
the walk again, and. taking the reins,
bade the orderly Inquire next door If Mrs.
• '.arrison could be found. Yen. was the
r; she went driving to Golden Gate
Park with Mrs. Stockman an hour a«o.
an.! Mrs Stockman was to leave for Los
AngeirH that nlfjht. Odd! If Mrs. Garrl
t<on drove to Golden Oate Park the easiest
and beM way was that along which he
rame, and he had met no carriage. In
fact, not since that nlpht at the Palace
la<l ho sot eyes on Mrs. Garrison, or until
•nli.s nf this sorrowful news about
<;r;i> had hp cared to. From all that he
Frank was enjoying herself at
the Presidio. Cherry having gone one way
an.l her dovoteA another. Mrs. Frank
speedily pummonrt a chum of old parrlso n
days to come and keej house with he*
for awhile, and Mrs. Stockman, whose
lord had left her at the call to duty and
gone to Manila ■ th his men. right gladly
accepted and much ♦•njoyed the fun and
frolic that went on night after night in
Mr?. Frank's cozy parlor, or the mild
flirtation, possibly; In the recesses of Mrs.
Frank's embowered porch The last ex
pedition had borne on almost all the "reg
ular" clement at the post, but had not
lef; it poor. for. fast as camp grounds
could be made ready for them, vastly to
the disgust of the saloon-keepers and
street car magnates who had reaped rich
harvest from Camp Merritt. regiment
after regiment.' the volunteers came
marching over from the malodorous sand
lots nnd settled down in sheltered nooks
about the Presidio. So cavaliers In plenty
were still to be had. cavaliers whose wives
and sweethearts, as a rule were far
away; and Mrs. Frank loved to console
such as were so bereft.
The chafing dish and Scotch and soda
were In nightly request, and even wo
men who didn't at all fancy Mrs. Frank,
and s;>okc dcs=plt*»fully of her among
themselves, were not nlow to come in "for
lust a minute." as they said, as the even
ing* wore op. and to stay and chat with
various visitors— it was no lonesome and
poky over home with the children asleep
and nothing to da Women there were
who never darkened Mrs. Garrison's door
after th« first formal calls; but they were
of those* who deeply felt the separation
from ail they held most dear, and who,
forbidden themselves, heard with envy
and cv« n distress her gay assertion that
she would rail for Manila the moment
the Queen of the Fleet was ready. Prom
what source — or circumstance— did she de
rive her influence?
But with the edict that no more troops
should be sent came comfort to the souls
of these bereaved ones. ran snorts would ,
not go without troops, and Mrs. Frank,
i-ould not go without transports, the Jour- •.
ncy was far too expensive. They wished
her no evil, or course; but if they were
themselves forbidden how could they re
joice, that she should be permitted? They
were actually beginning to feel a bit -
charitable toward her when the Queen "
of the Fleet herself came In from Hono
lulu with the latest news. The fifth ex
pedition had been halted there and put in
camp. The hospital held several officers.
Billy Qray was down with brain fever. "
and there had been a furious scene be
tween him and his peppery colonel before
the breakdown; and by that same amer
Mrs. Garrlsoti had got a lettur that made
her turn white . and tremble, as Mrs
Stockman saw and told, and then shut "
herself up In her room -an entire : day.' ~
Now for nearly a fortnight, the lovely
guest had been dally hinting that she re
ally must go home, "dear Wltchle" was
surely tired of her; and Wltchle dis
claimed and protested and vowed she
could not live without her devoted friend.
But then had come that Utter and with
It a change of tone and tactics. wltchU
ceased to remonstrate or reprove Mn.
Stockman, and the latter felt that she
must go, and Wltchle consented without
■Mr,
In no pleasant mood Armstrong meant
ed and trotted for the east gate. The road
was lined with camps and volunteer* ,at
drill. Vehicles were frequently moving to
and fro: but the sentry at the entrance
had kept track of them, and In response
to question answered promptly and posi
tively Mrs. Garrison's carriage had not
come that way. "But. said he, "the
wagon with the lady's baggage did. I
saw the name on the trunks."
The colonel turned In his saddle and
coolly sun-eyed him. "Do you mean Mrs.
Stockman's name?" he asked In a quiet
tone. "How many trunks were there?"
"Oh. Nome of them might have had
Mrs. Stockman's name, sir; but the two
or three that I saw were marked M. O."
This was unlooked for news. To her
next door neighbor Mrs. ■ Garrison had
*M<l nothing about going away with Mrs.
Stockman, and Armstrong had grave
need to see her and to see her at once.
The train tor Los Angelas did not leave
until evening. Possibly they were lunch
ing somewhere — spending the afternoon
v.ith friends In town, lie rode direct to
headquarters. Some of the siaff might
bo able to tell, was his 1 theory; and one
of them justified it.
"Did 1 happen to meet Mrs. Garrison?
Yes. I fust saw her aboard the China."
"Aboard the China!" exclaimed Arm
strong, with sudden thrill of excitement.
D*you mean she is going?"
"Didn't ask her. They were hustling
everybody ashore, and I bad only time to
give dispatches to Punier; but she was on
the deck with friends when 1 came
away." -
People wondered that day at the speed
with which the tall officer, followed by
his orderly, clattered away down Market
street. In less than ten minutes Arm
strong was at the crowded pier and push
ing through the throng to the China's
Mage. Too late! Already It was swung
aloft, the lines were cast loose and the
huge black mass was just beginning to
back slowly from Its moorings. The rail
of the promenade deck swarmed with
faces, some radiant, some tearful. Words
of adieu, fluttering kerchiefs, waving
hands, tossing flowers were there on every
Bide Two officers. Honolulu bound, shout
ed Armstrong's name and a cheery good
by; but he did not seem to hear. A gen
tle voice, the voice of all others .ie most
longed to hear, repeated the name and
strove to call attention to his gesticulat
ing comrades on the upper deck; but l.c
was deaf to both. Eagerly, anxiously, in
credulously he was searching along that
crowded rail, and all of a sudden saw
her. Yes, there she stood, all gayety,
grace and animation, stylishly gowned
and fairly burdened with roses; and It was
right at him she was gazing, nodding,
smiling, nil sweetness, all confiding, trust-
Ing joy; with just a little triumph, 100.
and a tinge of sentimental sorrow in the
parting. Apparently It was all for him;
for her blue eyes never faltered till : they
fixed . his gaze and then, kiss after kiss
she. threw to him with the daintily gloved
little hand and. leaning far down over the
rail. lowering* lt" toward him as much as
possible, .-he tossed to him, standing there
stern and spellbound, a bunch beautiful
roses she had torn from her corsage. . It
fell almost at his feet, for in his astonish
ment and' rising wrath he made no effort
to catch :t. A man, stooping quickly, res
cued and handed it to him. Mechanically
he said 'Thank you." and took It. a thorn
pricking deep Into the flesh as he old so;
and still his eyes were fixed on that fairy
form now surely, ' swiftly gliding away,
and over him swept the consciousness of
utter defeat, of exasperation, of dismay,
even, as he strove to fathom her motives
In thus singling him out for such conspic
uous — even affectionate — demonstration.
Triumph end delight he could have under
stood, but not, not this semblance of con
fidential relations, not at least' until he
felt his arm' grasped by a cordial hand,
heard his name spoken by a friendly
voice, and Mr. Prime's pleasant Inquiry,
"Have you no greeting for other friend*?'*
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Then the hot blood rushed to his face
and, showed even through the bronze as.
turning his troubled eyes met full tha
dear, placid gaze of Amy Lawrence. >
> CHAPTER XIV.
Mid October. .ue Queen of the Fleet,
the finest transport of the Pacific service,
thronged with boys In blue at last ordered
on to Manila, lay at the wharf at Hono
lulu, awaiting her commander's order* to
cast loose. In strong foroe and with
stentorian voices, the Primeval Dudes
Joined In rollicking chorus to the crash-
Ing aoooiD pa.nl ment of their band and,
when they could take time to rest, the
crowd ashore «et up a cheer. The Ha
weltan National Band, In spotless white,
forming a huge and melodious circle on
the wharf, vied with the musicians from
the States In the spirit and swing of their
stirring airs. "Aloha Oe! Aloha Oe!"
chorused the surging throng, afloat and
aahore, a* wreaths and garlands— lets
of the Islanders— were twined or hung
about some favorite officer or favored
roan. The troops still held to service In
Hawaii shouted good will and good-by
to those ordered on to the Philippines.
The Dudes of the Queen, and the lads
from the prairies and the mountains on
other transports anchored fn the deep but
narrow harbor, yelled soldierly condolence
to those condemned, to stay. The steam
of the 'scape pipe roared loudly and
belched dense white clouds on high, swell
ing the uproar. Dusky little Kanaka boys,
diving for nickels and paddling tireless
about the ship, added their shrill cries to
the clamor. The captain, In his natty
uniform of blue and gold, stepped forth
upon the bridge to take command, and
rained his banded cap In recognition of
the constant cheer from the host ashore
and the throng of blue shirts on the fore
castli ln-ii.i Then arose another shout.
in officer, In the undress uni
form of a general, appeared upon that
sacred bound, and. bowing to the crowd,
was escorted by the i-aptain to the end
overlooking ihe animated scene below;
and then Hi, signal was given, the heavy
■if and hauled swiftly in.
the massive* sere« began slowly to churn
the wat.rs at the stern, and gently, al
most Imperceptibly at lirst. the Queen slid
noiselessly along the edge of the dock.
to th* accompaniment «>r ■ little volley of
{lowers iitid garlands tossed from eager
hands, and a cheer of godspeed from the
swarm of upturned face*.
And then there uprose another shout
a 2 ut ," f mi »Kled merriment, surprise
and applauM-; fc, r all on a sudden there
darted up the stairway from the crowded
promenade to the sacred perch above,
defiant of the lettered warning. "Passen
gers are not allowed upon the bridge," a
dainty vision in lilmy white, and all in the
next moment there appeared at the gen
eral s side. hmllitiK. bowing, blowing
kisses, waving adleux. all sparkle, anima
}}?*}■ radianc and rejoicing, a bewitching
little ligure In th* airiest, loveliest of sum
mer toilets. The Red Tross nurses on the
deck below looked at one another and
gasped Two brave army girls, wives of
wounded officers In the Philippines, who
by special dispensation were making the
voyage on the Queen, glanced quickly at
each other nnd said— nothing audible. "The
general, lifting bis cap. but looking both
deprecation and embarrassment, fell back
and gave his place at the white rail to the
new arrival, and colored high when she
suddenly turned and took his aim. The
captain, trying not to see h<-r or to appear
conscious of this infraction of a stringent
rule and Invasion of h!s dignity, grew
redder as he shouted rapid orders and
swung his Wg be.-mtlful ship well out into
the stream. The guns of the H« nnington
boomed a deafening salute as the Queen
turned her sharp nose toward the open
sea; and almost the last thing Honolulu
Faw of h?r human freight was the tiny,
ualn tv , wi i'm>pip little figure in whi tV
waving a spotless kerchief an In fond fare
well Once dear of the narrow entrance
the big troop ship headed westward
toward the setting sun, shook free the
reins, as it wore. and. followed by less
favored craft, sped swiftly on her way
Vkltchl* Garrison, the latest addition to
the passenger list, entirely at home, if not
actually In command.
Leaning on the general's arm an hour
later and deftly piloting that bewildered
veteran up and down the breezy deck, she
came. Just as she had planned to come,
face to face once more with Stanley Arm
strong A\ell she knew that under the es-
Mffi of that exalted rank she was safe
from any poeslbllty of cross-question or
interference. Well she knew that had he
heard of her sudden determination to go
to Honolulu she could not have escaped
stern interrogation, possibly something
worse; and her heart failed her when she
realized that the man who had gauged her
shallow nature years before now held a
lash over her head In the shape of the
paper that mad vanity had prompted her
to write and send to the officer of the
guard the day that Stewart sailed. What
madness it was. indeed, yet how could
phe have dreamed it would fall into the
hands of the man of all others she feared
and respected— the one man who, had he
but cared, oould years ago have had
her love, tha man who, because he cared
not, had won her hate I And. now that he
held or had held thia paper— nothing less
than a forged order In her husband's
name a* aid de caxap to General Drayton.
she could have cowered at his feet In her
terror of him. ret braved him with smllea,
sweetness and g&yety, with arch merri
ment and Joyous words, Quitting for the
moment the general's arm that she might
extend to him both her little white-gloved
hands. Gravely he took the left in his
left, while with the right he raised his
forage cap In oomblned salute to the
woman and to his superior officer. Gravely
and almost Instantly he released It, and
listened in helpless patience to her torrent
of playful words; but his eyes were on the
general's face as though he would ask
could he. the general, know the true
character of the woman he had honored
above all her sisterhood on board. In thus
taking her to the bridge whereon neither
oftVer nor man nor nurse nor army wife
had presumed to set foot on all the six
days run from Ban Francisco, as though
he would ask if the general knew Just
what she was. this blithe, dainty, win
some little thing that nestled so con
fidingly—lndeed, so snugly— close to his
battered side, and who had virtually
taken possession of htm In the face of
an envious and not too silent circle of her
own sex.
Truth to tell, the chief would rather
have escaped. He was but an Indifferent
sailor, and the Queen's long, lazy roll over
the ocean surges was exciting in his Inner
consciousness a longing for cracked Ice
and champagne. He had known her but
the few days the Queen remained in port,
coaling and preparing for the onward voy
age across the broad Pacific; but ■ great
functionary of the Genera) Government
had told him a pathetic Pale the very day
of his tirst peep at the .Koyal Hawaiian
Hotel.. had riven him a capital dinner at
that famous hostelry, wnoreat • she ap
peared in charming attire, and In a ilow of
spirits simply Irresistible. Her sallies of
wit had made him roar with delight; her
mi . m V r >* " f on e ur two «*»n»cienuoua but
acidulated dames who had come over on
the Queen. bound as nurses for Manila,
had tickled him to the verge of apoplexy;
but when later she backed him into the
coolest corner of the "lanal," with the
plash of fountain close at hand, and the
sweet music of Berger's famous band
floating softly on the evening air, aifd told
him how her father had loved to talk of
his. the- general's, dash and daring In the
great days of the great war. and led him
on to tell of his campaigns in the Shenan
doah and th« West, listening with dilated
eyes and parted lips, the campaigner him
self was captivated, and she had her will.
A great Senator had told him how she had
come thither to nurse a gallant young of
ficer In her husband's regiment, how she
had pulled the boy through the perils of
brain fever until he, was now convalescent
and going onto rejoin his comrades In
Manila, and . she. she was pining to reach
r>l r husband, now serving on General
Drayton's staff. Other women were aboard
the Queen; ooald no General Crabb tind
room for her 7. It ls hard for a soldier to
refuse a pretty woman— or a prominent
member of the. committee on military af
on th wre ■«« not a vacan t stateroom
or fmfr B , hlp - officer « were ping three
nnr^i. " A ™° m ' SO Were the Kcd
nhnf.^' •?*!? i! he two arn> y wlves already
nbourd had been assigned a little cubby
dress at .a, time. There were m.lv two
n?£ rr i tm , enlß .i° . the bl« erHfl thal w?e n'St
fin hv°tv, helr capacit the mom oecu-
Lph .i, J , a K. ". ea monan-h. the captain,
;;iidi;:;- T Whi , e> ?.- fr om »'*vlii(i been the
Ludi.-s Boudoir" had been Mtted up for
the accommodation of the general.
thl he -, plano ad been wheeled out on
iwnv n °nH n th « WrlUne table "toWed
away, and a fine new wide brass bed
stead with dainty white curtain* and
mosquito bar. a large bureau and a wash
5Lw d nh^rl? cci i mm ° ved >"• "nri these, with
easy, chairs, electric fans, electric lights
and abundant < air. made it the most de
srable room on the ship. Even Arm
strong, colonel- commanding the troops
aboard, was compelled to share his lit
tle cabin with his adjutant, and the gen
eral a aids were bundled into a "skimpy
box between decks. There really seemed
no place for Mrs. Garrison aboard, es
pecially when it was found that the
passenger list was to he increased by
three, a surgeon and two officers going
forward from Honolulu; and one of
these .was. our old friend and once., light
hearted Billy Gray, now nearly conval
escent, but weak and. as aH-could see
feverishly eager to get on to Manila
All this was explained to the Senator
It ■ was even suggested that there was
room for Mrs. Garrison on the Louisiana,
a safe old tub, if she was slow; but Mrs.
Frank looked so pathetic and resigned
when this arrangement was suggested
that no one had the hardihood to ac
tually dwell upon It, and the Senator said
It was a shame to think of It. With
whom of her own sex could she associate
on that long, hot voyage ahead of them?
Why not transfer some of the Red Cross
nurses to the Louisiana? Mrs. Garrison
had no objections, but they had: and
the surgeon In charge made prompt and
vigorous protest. He knew Mrs. Frank
and she know him. and did not in the
least despair. She still had a plan. There
was a cozy dinner one evening— the
evening before the departure of the
Queen, and the gallant captain of the
pnlp, the veteran general, the quarter
master In charge of transportation, the
member of the Senate Military Commit
tee, some charming girls— none so
charming as Mrs. Garrison— were of the
party There was some sentiment and
much champagne, as a result of which at
lam the big-hearted sea monarch
aforementioned swore by the bones of
his ancestors in the slimy grasp of Davy
Jones that that sweet little woman
shouldn't have to go a-begging for ac
commodations on his ship. If the gen
eral would condescend to move Into his
room, by thunder, he'd sleep up In his
foul-w*ather den next the chart room
and Mrs. Garrison— God bless her!— could
take the general's room and be queen
of the ship queen of the Queen— queen
of queens by Jupiter, and here's her
health with all honor! A soldier, of
course, could be ii" less gallant than .a
sailor, especially* as the captain's room
was a bit better than the "Boudoir and
had an lcechcst and contents that the
veteran campaigner was bidden to con
sider his own.' The agreement was
clinched that very night before the
party broke up; and little Mrs. Frank
shed tears of gratitude upon the general's
coatslceve and threw kiss after kiss to
the handsome sailor as she buna over
tho balusters of the broad veranda and
waved them away in their swift-running
cabs, and then danced off to her room
and threw bersell on the b.».i after a
mad pirouette about the spacious apart
ment, and laughed and laughed until
real tears trickled from her eyes, and
then nave orders to be called at 7
o'clock. She meant to be up and aboard
that ship with all her luggage before
sense and repentance could come with
the morning sun— before either soldier or
sailor could change his mind.
To the amazement of the women al
ready aboard, to the grave annoyance of
Colonel Armstrong, to the Joy of poor
Hilly Gray and the mischievous merrt
ment of several youngsters on the com
missioned list, Mrs. Frank Garrison, the
latest arrival, became sole occupant of the
Ones! room on the ship: and It was a
bower of lilies and tropical fruit and flow
era the breezy day she sailed away from
the bay of Honolulu.
No time need be wasted in telling the
effect of this "assignment, to quarters."
Prolific a source of squabble as is the cus
tom ashore it become* Intensified afloat,
and when coupled with it came a shaking
up and rearrangement of seat! at table
all hope of harmony vanished on the in
stant The two brave young army girls
still retained their seats at. the captain's
table; but two most estimable young
women. Red Cross nurses, were dropped
therefrom and transferred to that of the .
second officer on the port side, much tv
the com Tort «>I a ruTTier Targe percentage
of their sisterhood, who had regarded
their previous elevation with feelings of
not unmixed gratiJk-ation. Then officers
who :iad been seated with the general's
Man* had to vacate in favor of Mrs Frank
and Dr. Prober and Lieutenant Billy
Gray, whose father and the chi<f wer«
long-time chums, and the Re<l Cross
nur>es who had been at the first officer's
table fell back to that of the third. It
• very hit as good as the other, but It
didn't sound so, and they couldn't see it:
ami there were faces, sour as the product
uf the ship's baker when that evrning all
hands w« nt down to dinner, and the
silence maintained, or the ominously sub
dued tone >>t thfl talk, at the other tablen
was In marked contrast with the hilarity
that prevailed where sat the gray-t,
ruddy-cheeked old chief and the Wishing
coterie that listened to the fun that fell
from the lips of Wltehl* Garrison. Arm
strong, silent and somber at the captain's
right, looking forward from time tr> time
•aw only one face at the general's tab]*
that was not lighted up with merriment-
It was the face of the boy ho envied if
envy of this kind ever entered Into hi*
heart, and he wondered as he ..« Kea at
Billy-o curly head what could tuive com©
over that glad young life to leave ao deep
a shadow on his handsome face.
One night. Just one week later. Arm
strong's, eyes were opened. .More than
once In the meanwhile he had Invited th«
young officer's confidence, and Billy, who
three months earlier had been all grati
tude and frankness, protested there was
nothing on his mind. He had been very
111. that waa all. As to Canker's charges,
they were simply rot. He hadn't the faint
est Inkling what had become of the pur
loined letters any more than he had of
th« whereabouts of his Delta Sl* friend,
young Morton, now officially proclaimed a
deserter. But Armstrong heard more
tales of Wltchle"s devotions to him In hi*
Illness, and the slow convalescence that
ensued, noted how the boy - eyes followed
her about the deck, and how many i time
he would seek her side, even when other
men were reading, walking or chatting
with her Armstrong looked with won
derment that was close allied to In
credulity and pain. Was it possible that
this blithe lid. who had won such a
warm Interest In the h*art of such » girl
as Amy Lawrence, could be fonrctful of
her. filthier to her. ami fascinated now
by this selfish and shallow butterfly? It
was Incredible'
But was it? The days had crown hot
ter, the nights closer, and th.salr -ween
decks was stifling when th* ■*• roIIM
high and closed up the ports. Officers
had taken to snoojilnpr up on deck In
steamer chairs. r.y an unwritten law
the port side of the prompnadf deck was
given up to them aft»-r 11 at nicht: but
the women folk had the run of the star
board side at any hour when the crew
was not washing down decks. Armstrong
had been far forward about i o'clock on«
breathless nlrht to see for himself th«
condition of thing* In th*» hospital under
the forecastle. v■» main deck was
crowded with sleeping forms of soldiers
who found it impossible to «rand the heat
below: so on his return Instead of con
tinuing along the gangway, h* decided to
climb the Iron ladder from th* main to
th«» promenade deck. It wrfTiM Innd him
lit the forward end on th« ni >'hoqrd side.
There he could smoke a cirnr In peae«
and quiet. It was. high time everybody
wan asleep.
Put as his hend and "v««« renched th«
l»v«l of the deck he Warn* suddenly
aware of a counle huddled clo** I rether
In the shelter of a canvas sT««.-»n and un
r the stens >adinr aloft fo th*» brMg*.
He knew Orny's voice at once, and Orav
was pleading, He knew her -ones of old.
and she was Imperative, md listening
With obvious impatience, for. almost at
the Instant of h'" arrivnl she =r>->k*. low.
yet distinctly: "TV» as T «ny do «* T hog
you when we reach Mnnlls. snd th»n
come— and see bow T c«»n reword "
. HAFTER W
Manila at last! Queen city of the archi
pelago. and Manila again besieged: Th«
loveliest of the winter months was come.
The Luneta and the Paseo do Santa LucU,
close to the sparkling waters. were gay
every evening with the music of the regi
mental bands and thronged with the car
riages of old-time residents and their new
and not too welcome visitors. Bpanl»h
dame* and damsels. Invisible at other
hours, drove or strolled along the roadway
to enjoy the cool breezes that swept In
from the beautiful bay and wistful peeps
at the dainty toilet* of the American
belles now arriving by every boat from
Hongkong. All the Castlllan disdain they
might look and. possibly feel toward the
soldiery of Uncle Sum gave plact to live
liest interest and curiosity when the wives
and daughters of his soldiers appeared
upon the scene; and there was one car
riage about which, whenever It stopped,
a little swarm of officers gathered and
toward which at any time all eyes were
directed— that of the W*ilt< Sisters. With
in the old walled city and In the crowded
districts of iiinondo. Qulapo and San
Miguel north of the Pasts', and again in
l'aco and Ermlta to the south, strong reg
iments were stationed In readiness to sup
press the first sign of the outbreak *r>
confidently predicted by the Bureau of
Military Intelligence, in a grt-at semi
circle of over twenty miles, girdling the
city north, east and Houth. the outposts
and sentries of the two divisions kept
watchful eyes upon th»_- Insurgent forces
surrounding them. Agulnuido and '.. ■ .
cabinet at Malolos to the north hud all
but declared war upon the obstinate pos
sessors of the city and had utterly for
bidder their leaving the lines nt Manila
and seeking tn penetrate those broader
lields and roarli and villages without,
hugging to Its breast the delusion
that a semi-Malaysian race could be ap
peased by show of philanthropy, the Gov
ernment at \Vuj«hlrigton decreed that. <I*'
tspite tiifir throwing up earthworks
against the training Rim» on in. Ameri
can positions, the enemy should be treated
as though they nev*r could or would ho
hobtllc, and th« prtvilCß*» denied by then
to American troops were by the American
troops acconUd to them.
Coming and going at will through our
line.-. they studied our force our arms,
equipment, numbers, supplies, method*;
and long before tho Christ ma* bolls had
clanged their greeting to that universal
feast day, and the boom of cannon ush
ered in the now year, all doubt of the
hostile sentiments of the insurgent lead
ers had vanished. Already th<re had been
ominous clashes at the /rout: and with
every day the demeanor of the Philippine
officers and men became more ami more
Insolent and detlant. Ceaseless vigilance
and self-control were enjoined upon the
soldiers of the United State*, nearly all
stalwart volunteers from the far West.
ami while oftirers of the staff and of the
half-dozen regiments quartered within
the city were privileged each day to stroll
or drive upon the Luneta. there were
others that never knew uu hour away
from the line of the outposts and their
supports. Such was the COM with Stcw
nrt's regiment far*- towurd the water
works at the east. Such was the case with
the Primeval Dudes on tho other aide of
the Pasig. lining the ban::* of the crooked
rstuary that formed tho Ilublcon we wero
forbidden to croas. Such was the case
with Canker and the — teenth In the dense
bamboo thicket to^the south, and so It
happened that at >. JJrst Armstrong and
Hilly Gray saw notfilns of each other, and
but little of the White Sisters, probably
a fortunate thing for all.
Ever since that memorable night on the
• Queen of the Fleet. Gray had studiously
avoided his whilom friend and counselor
while the latter equally studious avoid
ance of Mrs. Garrison had become ob
served throughout the ship. The domin
ion and power of that little lady had been
of brief duration, as was to be expected
In the case of a woman who had secured
for her undivided use the beat, the airiest
and by far the largest room on the
steamer— a cabin de luxe Indeed, that
for a week's voyage on an Atlantic liner
would have coat a small fortune, while
here for a -•■< sojourn of more than
double the time under tropic skies, and
while other and worthier women were
sweltering three In .i stuffy box below, it
bad cost but a «mll<*. The captain had re
pented him of his magnanimity before the
lights of Honolulu faded nut astern
The general began to realize that he hart
been made a cat's paw ot and, his amour
pro], being wounded, he had essayed for
a day or two majestic dignity of meln
that became comical when complicated,
with the qualms of seasickness. There
was even noticeable aversion on the part
of some of the officers of the Dudes, who
having made the Journey from "the bay' 1
to Honolulu with the women passengers
army wives and Red Cross nurses, natur
ally became the recipients of the views
entertained by these ladies. Quick to pee
If slow to seem to see. Mrs. Frank has
lost no time In begging one of ie younr
soldier wives to share her big stateroom
and broad and comfortable bed. and the
lady preferred the heat and discomfort
between decks to separation from ncr
friend. Then Mrs. Garrison tendered Doth
th. run of her cabin during the day and
evening; suggested, indeed, that on hot
nights the,v come to sleep there one on
the bed and one on- the couch; and 'hey
thanked her . but— never came. She cod
died the reneral with the ct>o| d arapacmi
cup when he was In the tnroes of maids
mcr and held him prisoner. with her /tva
clous chatter when he was well enotign
to care to talk. But after all. her most
serious trouble seemed to consist In kc»D-
Ing Billy Gray at respectful distance. He
nought her side day after day to Arr -
strong's mild amaze, as has been *%ld
.and when ho could not be with her was
moody— even tierce am) nr^v r^mpT'^l
he whose/disposition .had been the run
niest In all that gray, shivery, .lrlppinc
sojourn at the San Francisco camp. vv •
Hut on °e~ faMy settled in Manila, the
V\ hite Sisters seemed to • gain all the
old . ascendency. Colonel Frost -ad taken
a big, cool roomy house, surrounded by
.spacious grounds, down tn Malate and
close to me plashing waters of the bay.
Duties kept him early and late at his
office In the walled city; but .very even-
Ing, after the drive and dinner, callers
came thronging In. and all Wltchie's
witcheries were called Into play to charm
them Into. blindness and to cover N'lta's
fitful- and nervous moods, now almost
painfully apparent. ' Frost's face was at
times a thundercloud, and army circle*
within, the outer circle of Manila aa.w
plainly that all was not harmony betwixt
that veteran Benedict and that frailiV
fluttering, baby wife. The bloom of Nlt«^;
beauty was gone. She looked wan white!
even haggard. wniw *
(Continued Next We«kJThe Books of the Week
■
•• ■ ■
r the
I
■
j
■
■
■
r ■ '• "f the d:r-fdv«-ry and resut>clta
• • <f 3*. iitrK fit the siaire better than
thi ■■ Ui narrative.
■
him.
■
• • r In h
f X■:• k
n i
■
■
a
■
<The
I
■ ■
■
■
■
■
■
■
i
■
■
;.
ELEVATED RAILROAD FROM NEW YORK TO SAN FRANCISCO THAT WILL MAKE THE TRIP IN TWENTT-FOUR HOURS.
I ] vated railroad, on which th* trip
r~~" from Fan I'nuirisco to New York
I ran be rr.nrte in twenty-four Noun.
has been planned. by the man who
Invented the :«-!f-i>in<ling reaper.
Tr.tins propelled by "elcctroraoUve*7
will travel a: th» rat* of 2>) miles an hour
on rteel tracks !aH on steel trestles at on
average height of twelve f«-et above
ground.
This means that you will be ftfcle. to step
♦ • m the c>vator at the terminal station
Into ihe full ve»t!buled train, which, ow
ing to the plentiful supply of electricity
r.< ■ ''.'-<] for r>"*cr. will 1m» lighter! an<l
heated by that means as well, while in
F';r:;:n«r :< f: l-.^'iating machinery operated
by t -lectrlc-j>ower will cool the c^rr. in I
temperature that will make travel more
nlcM/tani than s!:ivmrr ;i1 home.
the nudaelou* bril
liance of tlie Hal dcs
Quat*Z a Arts, in the
amateur cookery In
Bishop's room, in
the rolling of one's
own furniture
through a fushiona
ble street In a hand
barrow, the vital
spirit of Ilohominn-
Ism appears— an un
forced readiness to
give up without re-
Ft-rve or after
thought to the free
play of nature. The
< i harm ol this phase
t»f Hohemianlsm Is
conveyed by text
and Illustration with
mvi h spirit. Both
text and illustration
likewise exhibit the
danger that Bohe
mian ■■ ■ ■ don rum
from the Invasion
of the commonp*lace
Into the sa«-rod land.
It make- no man
original to free him
from conventional
ity. Alas! most IT).
have worse restrie
11<.ii«* in themselves.
The everlai ting
danse <Ju yentre, th«
:i!'i..:s to now mod
els at the atelier
and many another
custom of the art
ist's world are te
•ill. 11 s conventional
created by sheer
commonpl ace vul
garlty.
It could be wish
ed that half-pallia*
tiona for what needs
no excuse had not
been inserted. Mr.
Morrows suggestion
that artists Kee in
models only tools of
their trade Is very
weak. Old Benve
nuto Cellini's frank
ness on this subject
is a sound evidence
that there are ex
ceptions to this
broad ke n c rnllza
tlon. and there la
cvi d.■n c*• enough
tliat he was not th«
last artist to find a
mistress in a model.
The truth Is best -
it least It is th«
only thins permissi
ble in a genuine Bo
hemian.
It Is to be r»
pretted that In th«»
lntter part of th«
book so much space
should have heen given to the mechanical
and vulgar ingenuities of the cabarets of
heaven, of hell, of the dead. These are
rot Bohemia, for they appeal to the un
healthy and perverted Interests of those
whnFe tttstes have been mutated or
vitiated. True Bohemianism Is spontan
eous and natural. It may be vulgar, but
11 is not sickly. The true strength of the
book is in Its picture of artist life, which
might well have been more fully pre
sented.
Even as for these elaborate and un
wholesome trifles, however, there Is an
Interest In havlng'a vivid account of them
ns part of contemporary history, perhaps.
The .sincerity of style and straightfnr
warness of the book are high merits. Mr.
Cucuel's sketches are graceful and clever.
especially those ••! single figures. (J. B.
Llpplncott Company, Philadelphia.)
Mr. Icnatius Donnelly has Just pub
lished another of his ridiculous books on
the Baconian authorship of Shakespeare.
In this one— "The Cipher In the Pis •• and
on th«* ••••■• the epitaph on
Sh.-ikespean-'s tomb at Stratford Is made
to yield the information that Bacon wrote
the plays of Greene and Marlowe, as well
A day and a night gives one time to
experience .-ill of the minor wants of life,
and as there, Kill be buf few stops and no
dust, the fitting*, furnishing., mid conveni
ences will l>e far more elaborate than la
the present wheeled pnlaces. Th«« bath
room. barbor-sh:.p and library tire now
fp'-nd «n some of ilie trains in America;
but with the Increased *lxe and weight of
cars which ran be used <<n the Mildly
bound rall« of the straight line road all
of the«e things • in be made much morn
commodious and homelike.
When the train starts there will be no
puffing, no whistle, no Jangling bell.
KWtrorr.otives do not puff-they only
hum; .nd there Ii no necessity 'to ring
bills or blow whistles uhen flying
through the air. And best of all. then
will be no Jolts th.it conn- from rotten
wood tie* In shifting Band. There Will be
Illustrations by M Edouard Cucuel in W. C Morrow's BooK. "Bohemian Paris of To-Day."
as # of Shakespeare; and Mr. Donnelly
promises future evidence that Ben Jon
son's nune i- only another mask of Ba
con. Mr. Donnelly might as well assert
that Francis Bacon is the spirit of divine
Inspiration while he is about it. Mid at
tribute to him the composition of Tsaiah
and of Browning's "Paracelsus." What a
cipher could be made out of Hebrew vowel
points and Browning's grammar. Mr.
Donnelly's method is that followed In the
schoolboy declarations to a beloved ob
ject:
"Read up and down, and you shall see
That i love you If you love me";
while his reasoning is like that of the
butcher in the "Hunting of the Snark,"
who took three as a number convenient to
reason about. Take three, add twenty
nine, multiply by eight, subtract six, mul
tiply by four, subtract one. and divide by
three times a hundred and eleven: and if
you call b 7.. and x i - the third letter of
the alphabet, why more-low Is the author.
Nothing could be plainer. And this result
Is attained with only two modifiers. hat
a help Mr. Donnelly would have been to
Al. •rtlllon! and how Dooley missed him
on the Dreyfus trial: (The Verulam Com
pany. Minneapolis 11 a i
what \r better than noise and jolts and
trkoa.no more power, and that is speed.
Fifty nlles un hour. 100 mil. an hour
things are beginning to hum. but no Jolts
and no lurches; I.V) miles an hour and no
swaying or bouncing, only a little trem
ble that verms to pervade everything,
even the a.r. The lianda on the dial* of
the spred Indicators In the ends i.f ii,
car still -movi- forward. The air outside
of the windows hums and whistles us« the
train cuts through it with toraadollke
speed. Two hundred mile* an hour .it
last and th- speed hand stops moving
and only wavers slowly as grades change
The train Is up to speed and the car In
:T(iirl\ as a cannon ball. It Is going so
fast that It has no time to move sideward
or up or down. Looking out of the win
dow we see. only a haze over the. land
scape to indicate the upright columns
A Train That Will Make Two hundred Miles Per hour
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Book
The New Pacific.
kevflew by
C. A. DUNIWAY
Associigte Professor of
Cireek,
Stanford University.
Till-. : • p|( ..f th. Pacific St.. •
N< r' . c long I"-' n fn
n I liar wi; h Ihi of Hubert
How< raft s .in author. !><■
mad .in undoubt* >i • ■pum
■. what hi himself naivelj
that support the overhead tracks which
are parsed m rapidly mm to blend with
each other. Then from all this to turn
to til-- dally papers or to letter writing
or dressing for dinner, which will be
served In the dining car or a supper In
the- frill.
Tho road will be four tracks wide and
two tiers high. The four lower tracks
will be used for transcontinental through
trains and the four upper tracks for th«;
slower local work, the outer tracks In
both cases being used for passenger trit-
Be and the Inner for freight. The tr«st
llng will i .■ either secured to bedrock or
else bolted to ctono and concrete.founda
tion*, laid below the roach of frost and
flood.
The electric power will bo generated at
stations about 100 miles apart, transmitted
at high voltage and run on to the feeder
H. B. Lathrop
called 'literary Industries." The thou
Bondi of !-•;<= ol "Bancroft's Works" s..id
i \ bli testify to hi- abillf
di?tributinK oontractoi manufactur
printed pages and expensive bindings Bis
••f the Kali ' and his "H'»>k <>f
Wealth" provide additional evidence a<
to his literary qualifications and bin finan
cial shrewdness. He collected in the
laboratorj room.- of bis publishing Louse
in Ban Frai
rtiliz ■ rvlces of nuau •
larles and unnamed clerks, h<- aspin >i to
produce complete histories, "the distilled
• ut a whole library" within the
-of i few volumes. The critical
world has set its .-.. i! of oondemnatlon
such factor] methods In scholar
ship. True co i p Hum
pro'itu • .! w. rka ol dlst merit
and permanent value. But the exploita
tion of mat ;•• and un
known subordinates is always rightfully
dis; rual
\\ hy r. . || ; ... ... • ;.. r ,ts i n
th»* i-iiri • i ol Mi Bancroft? Because be
tins ;iu tin .-i in • before the public, this
tlnu In .i volume winch be entitles "The
New Paciflc." The auirmr presents the
buok with the cl ilm that:
linos through stepdown transformers.
The plan calls for an almost direct lino
between the two terminals. While this
Involve! heavy tunneling tho Improved
machinery In tho way of air drill* and
channelers, and the use of liquefied air
for blasting, which leaves no poisonous
■moke i" keep men away from the face of
the drifts, will ur.';itl\ reduce the cont
of underground work.
It In estimated that th<» cost of thin
road will not be more than $63,000 per mile
of each track, as the building of so many
together will enable economies to be prac
ticed that would not otherwise be feasible.
The same relative economy will also r««
practical . In the operation of the road,
for. while It now takes fourteen trains on
the track all the time to maintain a dally
transcontinental service, the "Strnignt
Lino" will give a daily service with only
STANFORD UfNVgSSTTy.
historical sketch is
marred by vicious extravagances of style,
He soars Into fanciful prophecies. The
reader is compelled to say that'here. after
all. I* only a chapter of rhapsodical phrase
making. Chapters two tO six. Inclusive,
sketch the causes, events and Immediate,
results of Cuban insurrections and the
Spanish-American war. They may be dis
missed briefly. They have no vital rela
tion tO the main theme of this book. No
superior excellence of treatment Justifies
their Insertion. Chapter seven has for a
caption "The Awakening." Its quality
may be Inferred from a characteristic sen
tence: "The problems of Cuba, the Ha
waiian Islands nnd the Nicaragua canal,
which for a half century, had been dis
cussed, were solved by the war on the In
stant, and without friction." Chapters
eight and nlnt: purport to give adequate
presentation* of the arguments for nnd
against imperialism and expansion. Thn
sober student tinds In them a wonderful
conglomeration of 111-digested and unre
lated considerations having more or le?s
bearing upon the question. The role of
Impartial Interpreter of opposing opinions
does not fit our author's capacities. Chap
ters ten and eleven discuss the peace ne
gotiations and the attitude of foreign na
two trains— saving the use of twelve
trains, with their crews, and five days to
the i>aF»cnifers.
The surface roads of the United States
owe debts for construction and equip
ment of over $11,000,000,000. on which they
must earn and pay interest. This repre
sents a cost of J>>l.t»»t per mile, against
which the straight lino road, cost'ng
about the same, will give six times the
service and have a proportionately great
er earning power.
The Inventor has been working for years
on the plans, nnd tho important features
arc covered by patents, either granted or
applied for. Agents In England are en
gaged In promoting a company to under
take the work and find capital Interested
In a plan which has both permanency and
large earnings to recommend It.
This mammoth road will be fifty feet
tlons In Spanish-American complications.
If any one can escape thu feeling that
here Is .1 compilation of newspaper clli>
plngs. chiefly from the. most unreliable of
the yellow journals, he may suceced
where the reviewer falls— tor then he. iraj*
got some pleasure from the perusal of
mere polltirnl gossip. Chapter twelve, on
"Th. Passing of Spain." reveal* Mr. fUn
croft"? utter lack of a true historian's
fairness an. l sympathy for the virtues of
Spain and the Bp;in!sh people. H*» rivets
In vituperative epithets an«l sweeping con
demnation of rur late unfortunate foe.
He averts thit modern rlvlllratlon ow^a
less to Spain than to any other nation on
earth: that Spaniard* never discovered
anything— none «>f them except Balhoo,
and he deserved no credit: that all Span
ish colonial policy was based i>n chicane;
that even her home Government Is found
.■■l on frauJ and self-trickery. Like th«
two following chapters .»r> "The Far
Fast" and "Europe in Asia." this Is a
travesty on serious study of a great his
toric development.
For the rest of the book, through hun
dreds of pages (and the reviewer has per
formed the labor of reading them aM>. nna
tlniN only new forms of the faults which
have detained us In these comment* and
Illustrations. One set of chapter* couM
have been complied out of physical and
commercial geographies. Another serlo.
bear the earmarks of extraction from cur
rent consulir reports. A tinal group re
cites romantic Incidents of famous explor
ations and piratical cruises In the Pacific.
Where Mr. Bancroft meant to »*» taken
less seriously, when* th*r<» Is some lecltl
mate scope for "fine writing." his book |:i
less distasteful.
"Here for the first
time are presented
the countrUn
around the Pacific
Ocean as an entire
ty. resources and In
dustrie?, history and
romance, t o (tether
with the events
leading to the pres
ent active develop,
ment."
No one will deny
that the events of
recent years wouft
(rive a high degree
of Interest to a Rood
encyclopedic treat
ment of the coun
tries bordering the
Pacific Ocenn. Mr.
Bancroft Is entitled
to the credit of a
valuable conception.
His work must ne\ -
erthMess pass th«
test of a careful ex
amination for the
measure of < his
achlevem *n t. His
previous puhl Ica
tlonn on the history
of the Pacific States
of North America
raise presumptions
both for and against
a favorable judg
ment on this new.
e*t production. Me
might be expected
to show a reasona
ble familiarity with
the essential facts
In the history of the
Eastern Pacific. His
use of compilation
as a substitute for
real cons tructlve
composition, Ma pen
chant for rhetoric i!
tricks of style, his
insincere comming
ling of stilted lauda
tion and serpentine
I -these sins of
authorship the re
viewer eh a ritably
hopes may possibly
be absent.
The New Pacific
opens with a chap
tor entitled "Now
and Then." It
treats in a not tin
entertui ninn way
the contrasts of
past and present
centuries In the de
velopment of In
dustries attending
human pro r r ess
around the Pacific.
lUit at once some
of Mr. Bancroft'!
shortcom Ings be
come apparent. His
To the cm |
all ta
only I
■
And I I
fV.tl that I!'.: If :
Mrs. Sara Yorkc Stevenson's "Maxi
milian In Mexico" la an Interesting pic
ture of life In the City of Mexico ilariiiß
the reign of the Emperor Maximilian.
The tragic utory la touchlnffly told: and
the attraction of Maximilian's character
to those who knew him personally i.-i
mudc beautifully clear. Wherever he waa
knows he wus loved. In for away haci
endas in Mexico you will find to-d.ty
handkerchiefs that had been dipped in hi*
life-blood placed on the nltura of their
little chapels. One of the Mexican maid*
of honor to'Carlotta. the daughter of L*>n
Manuel Saleoda of the Hacienda of Tul
tenango, died of a broken heart after thu
execution of M.i::lm!llan.
In Jh
BaipreM it wool
tlon som»» of tbe ma.ny lm|
■
. w a-> irai iforn* d I
■
I If axli
lotta i bm ■ ■ ■
■ ■
An interest Ing bit «*f gossip related in
Mexico is not mentioned by ill Steven*
pon. That Is. that when Colonel \.< \> :.
the betrayer of Maximilian, called on Mr.
Nelson, our Minister when Juarez was
President, expecting a cordial reception,
he was promptly kicked down stairs.
Mrs. Steven»on'» wort Is creditably
done. in both manner and matter.
A L. K.
(The Century Company. New York.)
Book.* Received.
"SroundrHa & C 0.," by foiilmn Krrr.a
han. H. I Stono & Co.. Chicago.
•H. Island.*: by W. Clark Kusscll. H.
S. Stone & Co., Chicaßo.
"Th. Lor of n Spa Waif." by Frank T.
Hull. D Appleton &. Co., New York;
II CO.
"My Father & I." by thf Countess Put-
Isa. 11. S. Stone & Co., Chlcajjo.
"A Voyage at Anchor." by W. Clark
Russell. I). Appleton & »'<>.. Nvw York; $1.
"The Story of the Fl.shrs," by James
Newton Baskett. D. Appleton ,-. Co., New
York; 65 cents.
"About the Weather," by Mark W. Bar
rlngton. D. Appleton & Co., New York;
CO cents.
••Th- II ilf-K.,. U. ' b] R • • ■ H B irtwur.
D. Appl»>t<in & < .rk.
"Tin- Ttrrltoi ni of the
mit- . I
Hm.ill. Maj nard * C(
"Th. R
son." -•
vln. C. lerlhscr*! Sons, N'.w York, two
\ .ilum
"The Stones of Paris." by ijamln El
lis Martin and Charlotte M. Martin. C.
SiTlbm-r's Sons, N«w York; two vol
ume.", ft.
••Tii.- ICemoln
■ ■'
ham I rk.
••Th. That Walk In Darkness." by I.
/ungwlll. The Mucmillan Co., New York*
SI 6a
"Mr Isolate of Lonelyvllle." by C. C.
Converse. H. 11. Itusseii, New York.
wide and twenty-five feet hitfh. The trans
continental trains will run on the four
lower trucks, and the four track* abovo
will be used for local t rattle. Passenger
train.- will be run on the outside, where
the best views may be secured, and th«
inside track* will be used for freight
trains.
Ait each class of trains has ■< own
track nnd trains In eurh direction havo
their own tracks there is no pos.slbtllty
of collision. Signals will >>•• little >. -. *t
and th. train dispatcher will have a .-.';•-
lire; merely giving a, train when it starts
a clear right of way to the other termi
nus.
Stephen I). Carpenter, tne projector oj
th* road. is .1 newspaper mii who has
made money out of hi* inventions, and be
sides the self-binding reaper, has m;ula
about seventy other patented Improve
ments, for which he I.* paid larg« surrn
of money by the user*, lie. has been
State Printer of Wisconsin und is an at
torney admitted to practice.
2930
A Force That Is Now Being Utilized to Do Almost Everything.
•-. o^ PNEUMATIC MATTRESSES,
i °* o • 0 •:>«„ BICYCLE TIRES,
**°*o. # CftA?°*o+ CASH TUBES,
°*°^o> o yMp£^o. o SIGNALS.
ALL ARE °^- % -?5?^0 Ib°;S: o +o+
MADE POSSIBLE °*°*°^ 7^ °"°' o#o^
BY THIS REMARKABLE *°*°* 6 *>J 4 * S
POWER OF MODERN TIMES. *°*°*o*i
We. akk ail familiar with the
tiM« of compressed air In bloy
cle Urea. in door brakes. In
pneumatic mattresses, and In
the department store cash tube
tystem. to mention a few modern a'ppH
rxtlons. which, however, are novel no
longer.
But do w*» knew that baskets are now
tnad« by corapTewed air. that statuary
Is or >' - by It. that carpets and fur
t-.tture li "•.ned and dusted by It, that
Buildings ars pair. ted by It, and that a
modern train Sfrvice would be out of
the Quectloa were it not for the practi
oal efficiency of air under pressure?
Outside of the engineering world how
many people Imagine The scope and the
'"jd'.nous uses of air. tools and ma
rhlnery In the building of bridges, in the
raxving out of tunnels— ln almost every
branch of mining and In shipbuilding.
Riding on a modern, thoroughly
•quipped railroad did It ever occur to
r ou that dM train is signaled and braked
and steered by sir? that the carpets.
the cushions and the furniture of the
ccaches are cleaned and dusted by pneu
tnatlo brushes? that the cam are painted
by pneumatic r»lnt spraying machines.
ard ventilated by air? and. to mention
tn* very lateX -ipplUnrj?!. thit the bag-
Fsi'-> is handled by air elevatots. the bell
chirred l.> a pr:cjn:atie ringer?
After «v v :<"- yv.-r? of eostiy and ex
tern!'" « .\| .-niKT'.ii.s the pneumatic in
■>' in. kir.rr ii!gnai and >niu}i s>«!om has
be^n naii- :. gurcrss and « ilxiur*» at tne
KsdJnp tTtr.iin! stations In thiK country.
By Its :;.•! one man row doc-j the work
ti.H* n*nu!4 othermlie require the com
\\w<i effort* ojnrators. and he
ri<.. <■■ •).,. work better, tti<* chance* .or his
maki:.;: :: Make* having l.< , n n.iuc<d to
& minimum. With iV lever In tf>. hat:d
h« cor.trms th«» marvel iusly efficient In
tcrlocklag ma<-h!r.e, which In turn con
tmls a :mnb.T <if twitches and s!sn?i*
connected by pneumatic cylinders! As
raw v as c <*. ten trains may \>o rushing;
d^wn on the fisnal hfiUM>. one movement
<*. Ms hand. at:d !i« h;i« FipnaWd them
all: another movement and he has
M "-<•■! e.-n-h individual train across a
emitch; l.mirhirg It r»:i its nropcr cours».
MAJOR MITE OF THE CHUTES IN HIS MOST SCREAMINGLY FUNNY
EM system In use at the Boston South
ern station is the largest known. There
are no less than 288 pneumatic switches
In operation. Eleven trains may move
simultaneously Into or out of the train
shed. One hundred and forty-eight sema
phore Klgra'jt are provided for the 400
possible routes presented In the ■witch
system of that terminal.
Cleaning car cushions and carpets by
compressed Air has lately been Introduced
at the Royal Blue Line station. Jersey
City, and other railroads. A pipe flat
tened at the end until it Is almost the
shape of a spade '.% used. The air rush**
through perforations at the thin, wide
end with Incessant force, cleaning the
material without touching It at a much
swifter rate and much mow thoroughly
than ordinary brooms and brushes could.
Besides, the wear and tear consequent on
beating the material In done away with,
which Is of Itself a great saving. Armed
with a single pneumatic cleaner, one man
can do more work In less time than -hrse
men could fcrnierly do with canes and
brushes. As for painting car«. the pneu
matic paint spraying machines now on th*
mark an- even superior to thoi-e used
in p.vnting the World's Fair build:' :n
t"b!<j<g.j in IRC Every °ne rcmpmbT!"
the wo» m lerful results accomplished at
that time. Now a painting machine r.as
bee 1; invented that will coat over
square feet of surface In ?ix hours and a
half In the- hands of h skillful operator.
Painting by air I*, not only Immeasurably
swifter and cheaper than old-fashioned
brush work. but It ha« been demonstrated
that paint supplied by the air machine
Is applied mor? thoroughly and is non
durable than brush painting. The Pitts
burg and 1-ake Erie Railroad, the I^ouis-
Mil. mid Nashville Railroad and the Illi
nois Central Railroad were plureers in
this field. Tne !att.»r road is at present
repainting about <"•> cars per week with
compressed air. while the Louisville and
Nashville Railroad recently covered
eighty-five bulldlnc* under this method
in record-breaking lime
The Grand Rapids md Indian* Railroad
has Rone one step farther by latHy adopt
ing the pneumatic '■baRRaKi- handler" sy«.
m. T!ii.^ device has proved itsolf able to
handle heavy baggage much mor<; rapidly
than it could otherwise bo handicd, and.
moreover, to do away with breakage. The
day of the baggage smasher m;r- there
fore he past. The machine is a very sim
ple arrangement of air cylinder and lias-
Kage rapport. The laiter Is lowered to
the platform, where it receives the bng-
K.iKf. Then It rices quickly and is auto
matically swung around by ■ cam M.C
tior. <arryivs: the baggage into tho car.
The lift Is operated by air drawn from
the train tank.? to a special reservoir, and
it is controlled by the baggage man
through suitable cocks on the Inside of
the car. The machine has a lifting <a
pacity of BM pounds whh seventy pounds
of air pressure: It has a spring scale :le
THE STTNPAY CALL.
vice providing for the weighing of th«
baggage, as it Is handled, and it is able
to load trunks at the rate of six pieces
every thirty-five seconds. For country
stations, where now there is only one
man to handle the baggage, wltr. the
usual disastrouH results, this device will
save many a trunk from being damr.ficd
or smashed:
It would simply be Impossible to do the
high clasp work <if modern bridge building
construction without the did >if air tools.
All the world pricked up its "multi
tudin ms ears" when the success of
American builders In raising thoroughly
finished bridges In Africa within a hither
to uhapproached time limit was estab
lished beyond a doubt. The pre was
very busy and patriotic on the subject,
but forgot entirely to slat? the reason
why the superior swiftness and workman
ship of our engineers bad been made- pos
sible. The writer personally visited the
works of the firm which erected the At-
B.ira nnd other bridge?, only to find what
he already had suspected, that the true
secret of its SUCCESS, aside from an ad
mii.ti system of organization, was at
tributed to the extensive employment." of
pneumatic machines. The most difficult
and time-consuming work, which was for
merly done by band, la now done it ■
much oulckcr rate and in better shape by
air tools in every modern American bridg"
■hop. There Is a long list of pneumatic
tools. It includes piston air drills, rotary
drills, casting cleaners, air motor hoists,
reamers, dpi n and so on. all of which
enter into the work of modern construc
tion, accelerating production immensely
while improving the product.
It might bore the lay reader to describe
the new airtight item for pumping nr
tesian wells, the hundred and one handy
little Inventions such as pneumatic track
sanders for locomotives, sand-blasting
machine.* for removing the scale from
metals of all kinds, coal cutters, etc. But
IS USED FOR CLEANING
FURNITURE OR o*°'°*0 *°'°* °
CARPETS, AND o +o*°*X° £ *<,-•
TO MA KE ..-J- *gr. 0 .-."'
0 -°*°-0^" .o-°*°*°* ANYTHING
•♦o-°-°* C°> '° FROH A BASK&T
♦ ,o- 00 * o*°0 *° To A RAILWAY TUNNEL
1.0-0-°*° OR A STATUE TO A BRIDGE.
there are a few things In the way of "air
novelties" which are most interesting.
Take the work of basket making: Surely
no one ever heard of any of the old ma
chines turning out ISO bushel baskets per
hour, or 150) baskets per day. but a com
pressed air basket-making machine is
now doing M at the Michigan basket fac
tory. TrH verse City, Mich. Th« staves of
the baskets are fastened to the hoops by
staples of wire taken from the coil. Joined
and driven by the machine. The stave.-,
radiate from a center in a disk-like shape!
To bend them into the Una of the basket
form, four processes of movements are
■Bade by the machine, all or which are
automatic and obtained by the medium of
compressed air. The whole combination
Is very simple. The air is not cooled, and
tte machine runs ten hours even' work
■x day.
Then there Is the fountain air brush.
Which some claim will soon be adopted by
Ike leading artists for applying color on
canvas. It is shaped like and is but little
than a lead pencil, is handled in the
same manner, applies color in large quan
tities in ■ short time, and is yet adjust
able to the finest line ever drawn on can
vas by a Rifted ar'ist.
The pneumatic nail tube dispatch sys
tem is familiar to mo3t readers, but the
fact that previous to 1534 it was practi
cally unknown In this country, and that
since then we have made swifter strides
in that Held than Kurope. may not be
generally known. Five years ago wht-n
John Wannamaker as Postmaster Gen
eral opened the first pneumatic mail tube
line, extending from the poßtofflce to the
house In Philadelphia, the start was made
on entirely new lines. While to this day
in Europe they are usuig little two and
three inch tubes for telegrams only, we
began at the outset by constructing six
inch tubes, and use them to transport
mall In large quantities. Tubes had never
been used successfully for the transmis
sion of ordinary mail matter before.
The mail tube industry has now £•▼*«
oped so fast In this country that even
eight-inch tubes with cartridges carry
ing 6i» letters are ir successful operation
In our big cities. The longest circuit
ever built in the world is the main Una
recently »aid In N. ■ York City extend
ing from the terminal postofflce. » •*!■
tar.ee if three and a half mile*. This Is
an eight-inch tube circuit, and the car
tridges travel at tremendous speed. th«
time consumed in dispatching In either
direction being only seven mlnu An
other big circuit has been laid across th«
Brooklyn bridge, so that you may havt
the pleasure of knowing that xvhlle you
are speeding over the bridge Ir. the car*
your mall may be making better time
ahead of you shooting away In ih»
cartridge Inside the bis tube tike an
eight-Inch projectile from a modern
breech-loader. A total of seventeen mile*
of eight-Inch tubes have been laid under
ground in this country since August 1.
1899, which shows the rapid increase of
the system.
A method of sweeping and cleaning
railroad depots by compressed air Mow
ers has been instituted by the Central
Railroad of New Jersey. It has been
found ther^ that sweeping and ecr »r<Mn 4
and cleaning can be done far more effec
tually with air than In any ctner way.
Ganj?s of men furnished with co: ;presa«4
air blowers axe turned looac after wor.
ing hours upon the floors of the var'ous
buildinps. They go over every Bqu&r«
inch of surface, and over the walis md
the furniture with their blower*, which
sweep every speck of dust and dirt be
fore them, doing the work much btrtter
than double the help could do wtth
brooms. The railroad hands have found
many unlQue uses for the comp.'csaed
air. which is so handy for" them They
find that it will clean clothes and rtn<i
fabrics as well as plush seats ant* car
pets, and dozens of them take their
clothes and uniforms to the men who
handle the compressed air to be cleaned.
The work takes but a few seconds. Is
dona thoroughly and has the advantage
of costing nothing. ' -.
JOHANNES HROLF WISBY.The Training Tommy Atkins Gets to Make Him a Strong Man
(rr,pyrt ff M<*V 1*??.)
*T EAPS up. chests out. lithe. culcV.
[ \ pro. l«e as machines— the British
I j troops rs they march off to the
1 J transport! which will take, them
%S t" th<> <"npe are the best looking
poniirrf on earth. I was with our
men during the Spanish-American war
nnd regard the American soldier with
reverence, fnr 1 have s»vn him fight. But
he Is not beautiful when he is on parade,
and although he in th<« bravest of the
brave, his average physical condition is
r.ot a* high as that of Tommy Atkir.s.
AD'! physical condition means endurance.
and those ri-.j-«-fi.u. «l fellows that are «'■>-
Ing down !'> stop I'.trrs" bullets probably
hav«i more of that than any other sol
diers In Uie world.
The reason for It lies h> r« in Alder
f=hoT, in the 'headquarters gymnasium
for the Prltlsh army. There are <>th»-r
army gymnasiums In different parts of the
cnur.try, but In this one the men who
:•■:<■ -h are trained, ko it is the host ox
ample <<f them all. It l**under the direct
supervision "f Colonel the Honorable J.
P. Napier, who has command of all this
branch f >'. work for the entire army. Ho
ha pen* mlly worked out each part of
• ■ •• ■ • ■ g \n the recruits, and It
■ because of r'.m that this gymnasium
- • • ! j t The Jmest soldiers <>f Europe.
Ran :• emits with stooping shoulders ami
caJt, :«f i< r a few months'
training, :<:•■ Bent to their commands big.
fuU-ch< s*,«-d a;sd men of mu«cli' as proud
• their own bearing and proscnoo and
with a go.d working knowledge of fulls.
Bahers and bayonets. They are also
taught boxing, climbing, running and
walking. They scale walls. clamb.-r up
arid ov.-r high *caffolding and climb rop.-s
and ladd< r> »t f;tst time to train th«
:;■ rye« and the head.
Tho r\> -•!-•■- are very light at first and
Increase i:i ric^r n« til- 1 recruit develops.
Each recruit lih« one li'^;r a day for one
hundred and ten days, and ai the end of
that time he rauM be fit to join any regi
ment In the British service.
b i »ult« of mis gymnasium at Alder-
M i arc ir>r reaching, for the men wno
graduated a* Instructors ar«» s--iu
■ rv quarter of the globe, and so the
■ ■ . In copied in many dimes
far :■ : v the seas. An army made up
nt \c • • <ruits if naturally bett«r
•■ m ■■■• In which men are forced to
M..i. than half of the Cncueh
»h< • .i ■ •, '■ c Quecn'a do
IMITATION OF MILE. CORNILLE SINGING AMERICAN COON SONGS.
■r< because they are dar.rled ih« r^r
penusneaa of the recruiting «♦»... tint, 'i ho
English regiments go on what are ■ailed
"recruiting marches" at least once each
year. The men aro put into their dress
uniforms, their equipments are burnished
brightly, and with the band paying t..i*
liveliest march«s they march through me
country. It Is this Mrut and swagger of
the soldier* that fascinates the youth and
persuades him to cast his lot with the
army. And the physical training gives
the .men that Sirut and teaches them that
swagger. Every man and boy admires a
straight ba<k, broad shoulders and a fu..
chest; but very few will attempt to ac
quire thi-m unless they are compelled to
do so. That Is what the gymnasium dues.
Once Ret their barks straight aud noth
ing could induce them to stoop again.
They become proud of their own car
riage. They ar* taught an exaggerated
pose and the shoulders are thrown far
ther back than the straight American
wt-uld ever carry his. hut it suits the uni
form and suits the men.
The gymnasium >•* J" s t out of this lit
tle town, among the miles of barracks
ronstltutlng what the British Government
is pleased io rail a "camp." but what Is
really a permanent post of the most mod*
» m character, quartering many thou
sands of the flnw«T of the Quern's army.
It is a handsome new brick building, and
In It Is every appliance known to modern
nthietlc training. Th»- interior Is l'g.u
tnd airy :m~ In handsomely decorated
with M-#'>d* of arms. Hags and trophies.
Adjoin!:. g the large building is a smaVier
une, for Instruction in foil and sah.-r, with
several masters in constant attendance.
On both sides of th* gymnasium are Held*
for out of door work, and it is the cuslom
to take the classes into the open air
whenever the weather permits. On one
side of the building the ii«-ld is a very
i,-<r;;'\ gras.-v parade for stn-h work as
walking, running, jumping and other ex
erclses of the arms ami legs. In tin- i.c.J
on the other side of the building are all
sorts of apparatus. Including all that Is
used inside. • the building, besides many
that could not be used under cover
The best of all of the outside parapher
nalia, and one known only to English
army gymnasiums. Is a great framework;
the Invention of Colonel Napier, upon
which the m<-n are taught climbing of
<-v*ry sort and which, owing to its height.
I* calculated to train the eye as well as
the muscles. Hanging from the frame art
many kinds of knotted ropes; plain ropo?,
po!< .< arid swinging ladders, and as In
cllned side supports th»re are ladders.
sliding I>nnrds and smooth Incline*. The
classes are put over this frame a couple
of times each day at very fast time, an
Instructor standing at each corner to
hurry them alonp and to see that the
slow om-s do not block the way. Some of
ihf men become so expert nt this form
of climhiTip: that they can go up a ladder,
across Ok- i<ip and down the either side
without using their hands to steady tin m,
although making the :is-cent and descent
at a fa hi run. When th<- class is largo
the men aro sent at the frame in squads
«f about twenty-live.
This unique frame Is In reality an • ii
tire gymnasium in Itself, and might well
be copied in American army posts, schools
nnd colleges.
The building devoted to fencliiK con
tains one room, about seventy by fifty
f<M-t. There aro no side windows, .ill of
NOVEL ■SIP^WUS AT THE ALDERSHOT
GY/H|M^TUM DSSTSN§D TO S^OW t^e
BRH\SHSR HOW "^O7 TO GET RATTLED
■
the light coming from the top so that no
glare can blind the eyes of any of the
contestants. Here I have seen as clever
use of the foil and blade as can be found
anywhere In Europe.
.lust outside of the building are a num
ber of platforms arranged for practice in
the open air and every pseasant day there
are a large number of swordsmen at work
from morning until nlgnt. for as soon as
one class finishes Its work another takes
Its place.
The saber receive* much more attention
than the foil. eVpeflailj with men for va\*
airy regiments, although any of the men
that wish may take up the foil if they
are willing to put extra hour« Into the
practice. The use of . nil. blade is not
taught as thoroughly to the recruits for
the Infantry. They are taught more of
the .iu.i<k and defense with the hnvnneti
THE SrNDAY CALL.
although all recruits have a certain
amount of exercise with hot! weapons.
The classes an first given wooden guns
to drill with, and are taken in squads of
about ten under an Instructor who puts
them through the various thrusts and
parries until they are prollclent enough
to use the contest bayonet which is blunt
and telescopes into the barrel of the gun
when the adversary is hit, thus prevent
ing accidents.
In the calisthenlc drill, the entire class
is taken ill one time by the serneuut
major, assisted by the corps of Instruc
tors. On tine days the exercise i<« taken
On the Meld. It is a beautiful sigh* to fee
these line specimens of physical power
going through the exercises with all the
military precision of a drill.
In walking the men are given about
one hundred yards on their toes with
the shoulders thrown far back, the
chin raised and the hands on the hips:
during the last twenty-five yards the
walk Is quickened almost to a run and
■■i» all times i- done In a springing step.
Another walk is a quick stvp with the
body straight and the arms at the side,
walking with the flat foot and the heel.
At the command "knees up," the men
tak« .-> motion like a high Stepping
hackney and at the same time quicken
their step Into a run. Standing straight
With lb»- hands on th. hip* Hi. head
thrown hack and then raising on the
toes for some few minutes is hard work
arid at the same time the best of exor
cise for developing the legs. After keep
ing up this motion until the perspira
tion fairly pours from their bodies, the
men are given a rest in the shape of
a stiff leg trot or some exercise of th»«
arms. For fully fifteen minutes they
hi-.' kept at these quick steps and move
ments. When the order is Riven to
"stand at ease" they stamp the right
foot sharply to the ground and slap
their hand!" In unison as they come to
"easy position." The Fame motion Is
used when th>> men are drilling and
makes a very pretty and effective
movement, although it - ; - •ma waste of
energy when compared to the natural
manner in which our American men at
arms come to "parade r^st." So also
•locs the way the British *<>lui<«r "marks
time" before coming to a halt. They
tramp a little quick step as though
treadinjr water; when this li done in
perfect time as le always the case In
the well-drilled British regiments it is
a very pretty bit of military conceit.
mil stems <niii«' useless to the nr:ict iral
American. It is quite the same as the
use of .1 check rein on a fancy driving
horse to hold his head high above the
natural position. All Europe, Indeed,
makes the soldier as showy as — -
ble, regardless of hl« personal conffort
There is a movement on foot in the
English War Office to do away with many
of the cumbersome portions of the uni
form* such as the great bearskin shakos
■worn by the Scots Guards, or the gor
geous but heavy cuirass of the Horse
Guards. Many also favor following the
< xample of the American army and
adopting a uniform for the army, thus
doing away with the regimental uniform.
but nil this Is bitterly opposed by he lov
rr;< of tradition, who like to see the sama
uniform worn to-day that was worn a
hundred years or more ago. The friends of
t radii ioi; will win their point (they al
ways do in England), but every mar m
officer who lias Riven the matter any
thought envk's the American fighting
man his light and business like campaign
outfit. The typical "Tommy Atkins." as
peon on the street ar.i in the barrack
room, i- the, most military looking soldier
of Europe; all this is due to the army
gymnasium. I Di when he goes Into the
Held, with his heavy kit and fancy uni
form, ho looks as a city man vlth a top
hat and frock coal might 100k In ■ hny
field in the country.
It li almost impossible to enumerate the
many features of the callsthenlc drill, f.ir
it has almost as many changes as there
are movements of th> body. Even the
turning of the wrist is included in the
exercise, Tho raising of the arms above
the hr;*d while a step forward la takoii
is one of the most useful of all. for it is
not always the most fatiguing work
which does the* body the most good. For
the lees and fret th«» squad first stands
straight with tho hands on the hips and
then bonds the knee* to a sitting posture,
at tho same time rising on the toes. It
is in reality sitting on the heels, and
raising again, repeated many times.
On* of the ma difficult of all the ex
orcises given and it the same time < ne of
the most picturesque Involves lying at
full length on the ground, face down
ward, touching only the toe* and the
hands, the elbows being bent so as to
bring >the hands about even with the
chest. At the word of command the arms
are slowly straightened while tho body in
raised and kept perfectly tiff. It la
■lightly similar although mm h harder,
than drawing up to the 'iin while hang
ing by the hands from a horizontal har.
In fact all of these exercises are much
harder than they seem.
Dumbbells are much used in the
gymnasium. as ar«* horizontal bars, par
allel bars, the vaulting horse and the
bridge ladder.
An unusual and Inten itlng ex.-rcl*e Is
done with the "shelf." The "j=helf" i*
really just what the name, Implies, a large
shelf on the side wall just nut of reach
of a man when his arms' arp extended up
ward, the men climbing up "n It with
and without the assistance of comrades.
This exercise Is designed to t»>ach the
men how to scal«* walls. When two work
together the first make* a rest with hi*
hands. Into which the second steps and
Is given what the children would call it
"boost." As soon as he Is on the shelf
the man on the ground springs and
•■atches the edge of the shelf and draws
himself up as far as possible, when the
man on top assists Mm by pnttJnic tht
him up" bM<k ° f th# hea4 Rn<l "*£«
At the headquarter* gymnasium ther<i
are always a great mimhor of non-com
missioned officers and men who are Ukln*
he raining for the second time, with
the idea of hemming instructors Th
••xamlnnMon is a very strict and thorough
one. and It require,, a wonderful nhyslou*
to accomplish all that it demands.
Not only ar.> non-commis««ton*d officers
and privates In this enniporlMon fop cer
tificates, but there are officers worklnir
for the in.-Uructon«hlp. nnd thn*r> taking
til" training for picas-ire or heatth.
All officers In the service may ob
tain leave from their diirlo* nnd take a
coirs.; of training, but on onterlni? they
put themselves liable to all of the lotto*
that are imposed upon i• •• recruits or
privates, no favors* of any sort being
shown thorn because they hold comrnls
si.-ns. They enter the same class with
th<* privates, and the only distinction that
they receive Is that they xtand on th«»
right of the line, and no are the first to
be called to whatever task is before them.
Hoxlng is given far more attention in
the English army than in any other of
the world and Is really ionsider«l a
ren.u!*ite part of the soldiers education.
Regular tournaments are held for th<i
championsnlp of the army In th* various
classes, there being one series of con
tests for officers and one for th*» men.
The British recruit* are a class entirely
different from our soldiers. They arc re
cruited principally In city slums, and
would be worthless If left to themselves.
But with training th»y make excellent
soldiers. Their !ow standard of intelli
gence Is particularly noticeable to one
who has been associated wfth the Amerl
• an forces, witeru we find men of letters
in the ranks and where all the men ar<»
far above the average of Intelligence. A
man who could not read or write otili
not, of course, get Into our army at ail.
but such men nre common In the English
army, and even more so In the other ar
mies of Kurope.
An oth. i.tl r'port says that only forty
one In VMt of the new recruits are well
educated; and I s ncr crnt are utterly Il
literate. JAMES '. J. ARCHIBALD.
Note- Mr. Archibald was the first cor
respondenl to be wounded in the Hp.mfsh-
Amc ri« :in war.
3132
THE STOSTDAT CALL.