The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME J.XXXVI— NO. 38.
MOVING TO THE RELIEF OF
FLOOD SUFFERERS
NEGROES STUNNED BY THE CALAMITY
IN THE TEXAS FLOODED DISTRICT.
On the Brazos River, a Short Distance Below Sealey
MANY WILL DIE
BEFORE
HELP CAN COME
There Are 10,000
Starving People to
Be Cared For.
<:.:. .,;..,>-•. :■•<:• •*>-<> - ; •-:'-■:•• •:•••-■• j
■ . I
AUSTIN, Tex.. July ".—Further
evidence of the terrible stress
and destitution of the many
thousands of refugees in the in
undated region was brought to
light to-day. It is ported by reliable
persons, who have visited the scene of
devastation, that a large number <-f
negroes have already succumbed to the
pangs of hunger. In Washington,
Austin. "Waller, Fort Bend and Bra
7-ioria counties the work of rescuing the
water-bound inhabitants was contin. I
tied all last night and to-day. Scores!
of men. women and children were -say- j
ed "with barely sufficient life left in .
their Vidies to enable them to hold on,
to th*-: branches < -f trees "> which they j
had been clinging for t_ past three I
days.
Relief boats were to-day able to ;
reach the Sand Knoll, in Austin Coun
ty and word was received from, there
this evening that the 500 people, who
had been huddled together on the lit- ;
tle plat of ground for the past four
days had been rescued. The experi
ence of this colony of refugees was ter
rible in the extreme. When the flood
came they were driven from their com
fortable homes and sought to make
their wav to higher ground. They,
found that the waters had made a wide
detour, and that they were already on !
an island. This island decreased in
area rapidly, nd for the past four days
embraced only about three acres. On i
this little space the refugees gathered
-with a large number of cattle and ;
horses, and to add to the horror of the
situation, it was made _ place of ref- ,
uge by thousands of venomous snakes. j
with dee;- and other wild animals. The j
snakes writhed in and out among the j
terrified and suffering people, and a :
number were bitten and are still in a
critical condition.
It will take the people of the inun
dated region several years to recover
from the effects of the calamity. There .
are many instances of wealthy planters
having had all their Tops and movable
property destroyed by the flood, leav
ing them practically penniless and de
pendent upon charity for food and
clothing for themselves and families.
This condition of affairs is particu
larly true in Fort Rend, Brazioria and
Austin counties, which were largely de
voted to sugar cane culture. These ri<M I
and highly improved plantations have {
built up within the past twenty-five i
years, and on each of them there was
from $50,000 to '$200,000 worth of im
provements in the way of sugar mills,.,
refineries, fine stables and residences.
All these are gone.
Advices were received hereto-day that
MINERS REPORTED TO
HAVE DIED OF SCURVY
News Reaches Dawson That a Score
of Men Perished at Wind
River.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 7.— An uncon
firmed story comes from Dawson City
that, several prospectors who have arrived
there over the Edmonton route report
that a score of miners lied from scurvy
at Wind River, a branch of the Peel
River, and that a number of others are
suffering from its effects. They had no
list of those who died, but they. report
the following among the sick: \ •.. ' ■
DR. J. B. MASON, Chicago.
W. C. CI'CH.
RR* _ BROTHERS.
DR. MARTIN, dentist. Chicago.
EDWARD HARRTSON
M ITCH X 1.J. .
Dr. Martin was camped with two
other Chicago men. Both took scurvy.
Martin loaded them, on a sled and tried
to puil them to Wind City, a distance of
seventy-five miles, where he expected to
find medicines and fresh supplies: Ot\g
man 'died soon after the journey began.
Martin took th« other man on his back
and completed the journey.
MAN AND WIFE FOR
SIXTY-FOUR YEARS
SAN DIEGO. July Mr. and Mrs. C.
K. Smith of this city celebrated the sixty
fourth anniversary of their marriage to
day by giving a -banquet to their children
and -heir children's children. Those pres
ent included Colonel John R. Berry and
wife, Mrs. Berry being a daughter of the
host ar.d hostess. J. Russell- Smith of :
this city and Mrs. Rosa Eigemann of ■
BloominVton. 111., were the other children
present, though there are two sons of the ■
aged couple living in Illinois.
C. K. Smith and Lucretia Gray were j
although no definite information had
been received from the convicts who
were working on plantations in the
flooded regions, it is believed that they
were removed to higher ground when
the waters began to rise and that there
are nci cases of drowning among th-?m
This applies only to the leased convicts.
_*>"•• information was received from the
inundated State penitentiary planta
tion in Fori. Bend County, where sev
eral hundred convicts were employed.
The taking care of 30,000 or mere des
titute negroes is going to be a big job.
They seem to be absolutely indifferent
as to their conditions and fate. Many
of them were prosperous planters be
fore the flood came. . They had been
ever since the late war accumulating
their modest fortunes, and to have all
swept away in a few hours is such a
shock that they are stunned.
it is now' the accepted belief that
there will be but little replanting of
cotton. It will be too late in the sea
son before the ground is in condition
to work, even should the flood subside
rapidly. The refugees will have no op
portunity of making a crop, and the
planters whose places have suffered
such destruction will have no work to
give them until next season. In the
meantime the unfortunates must not j
be allowed to starve. It will take a
large amount of money to tide them j
through the next several months.
The general stagnation Of railroad
traffic Is being gradually removed.
Hundreds of workmen are doing quick
work in making repairs to roadbed,
track and bridges, and the former reg
ular service on several of the affected
lines was restored to-day. The first di
rect and through mails from St. Louis
and the North and East reached here
to-day.
Governor Savor? received the follow
ing message this evening from Mayor
John Phillips" of San Felipe, Austin
County.
We have a thousand sufferers from the
Brazos flood. Five hundred are p. need
of food and clothing. They are starving
Help us. We have done and are doing all
we can. but our resources have all been
swept away.
The Governor replied by pending $2000
to Mayor Phillips to be used in buying
food supplies. The shipment of 20,000
Government rations reached Richmond
this evening and the work of distribu
tion among the needy was immediate
ly begun. A number of United States
Government boats are plying the wat
ers, rescuing the refugees and taking
food supplies to the starving ones.
Telegrams were received by Governor
Sayers to-day from charitable people
of Texas and distant parts of the coun
try, tendering financial aid to the flood
sufferers of the State. Frank Gould of
New York City wired the Governor to
draw op him for $5000 and to apply the
sum where was most needed. Presi
dent Richard A. McCurdy of the Mu
tual Life Insurance Company and Col
lis P. Huntington of New York each
contributed $5000. H. P. Hollins & Co.
of New York contributed $1000. A St.
Louis firm contributed $100. The total
married at Woodstock. Vt., on July 7,
1835. Mr. Smith at that time. was pub
lisher of the Vermont Courier. Two years
later the young couple removed to Graf
ton. 111., where Mr. Smltn published the
Backwoodsman. In 1839 he moved to
Rock Island, 111., ancl in 1^47 to Mon
mouth, 111., where he published the Mon
mouth Atlas until 1857. In 1875 Mr. and
Mrs. Smith came to California, spending
the following winter in. San Francisco.
In 1876 they came to Southern California
and li.:-. lived a retired life since.
Fourteen years ago to-day Mr. and Mrs.
Smith celebrated ■ their golden wedding
with a party at the seashore, and they
•were then considered very old; but now,
although the husband is S3 and the wife
82. both are sprightly and their minds are
-bright. They enjoy outdoor life and are
thoroughly nappy, looking ahead to the
celebration of their diamond wedding an
niversary. ;v. .-'••. ■ -■ •,.■_-- ■-_.
HAS NO COMBINATION
WITH GOVERNOR PINGREE
Alger Denies a Story Concerning His
Candidacy for the
Senate.
NEW FORK. July General Alger.
Secretary of War, who was at the Fifth
; Avenue Hotel to-day. emphatically denies
i that there is any political combination be
| tween him and Governor Plngree of Mich
igan with reference to his candidacy for
j the office of United States Senator. When
asked about the recent conference be
tween himself and Governor Plngree, ac
counts of which were published recently,
he said: .
"There was just enough truth in the re
ports of the so-called conference between
Governor Pingree and myself to start a
lively political story. No combination ex
ernor Pingree and myself to start a
v political story. No combination ex
ists between Governor . Pingree and my
self. I was opposed to the election of
Pingree as. Governor and he and I do
not' agree upon some very Important
points."
SAX FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
PENNED ON ISLAND
WITH
VENOMOUS SNAKES
'& Hunger-Stricken ReFu- <
§ gees Are Bitten and <
£ May Die. y
o- • o- » -o • o- a -o • <>- <> -O'-o -v - *>■
cash contributions from all parts was
about $30,000.
The attention of the War Department
has been called to a. peculiar effect of
the recent flood in the Rio Grande
River. The former channel of the er
ratic stream passed within a few rods
of Fort Ringgold, Tex., and the pump
ing station was so located as to afford
an adequate water supply for the army
post.- . During the recent big rampage
the river cut a new channel, slicing off
a large section of Mexico, and placing
about a mile between the post and its
present channel. The pumping station
was not prepared for such an emerg
ency as this, and the water supply at
the post is now cut off until some other
means of obtaining it ( an be devised.
The Intern -fi-uml Water Boundary
Commission will be called upon to In
vestigate the question of the rightful
boundary between the two countries at
that point.
RELIEF COMMITTEES
ARE WELL ORGANIZED
GALVESTON, Tex., July 7.— The sit
uation in the Brazos Valley is rapidly
improving. The river is falling. There
is an unconfirmed rumor that five lives
were lost near Sartartia in Fort Bend
County. The report sent out Wednes
day from Brookshire. Walter County,
that two lives were lost there now ap
pears to be an error. Those who were
supposed to have been drowned persist
in making their reappearance.
Relief committees are now well or
ganized. At Brookshire the relief com
mittee has opened a commissary and
Issues a. half ration per capita. Precau
tions have been taken so that only the
deserving shall get these rations, and
therefore the committee issues to the
planter for all the tenants he had when
the flood came.
D. S. ('agent, a prominent citizen of
Brookshire, has ordered a carload of
cotton seed which he proposes to give
to all who will plant and undertake to
cultivate the crop. He says, moreover.
that crops of cotton, sorghum, Kaffir
corn, June corn and potatoes can be
raised now if the people had the seed,
but they have neither seed nor money,
and he suggests that contributions of
seed would help them. These crops
would enable them to live until the be
ginning of next year, when they would
be able to draw supplies from the-mer
chants from the prospective crops.
There are rations enough at Brookshire
to last for a week or more. Along the
Brazos alone it is estimated more than
10.000 negroes have lost everything. The
loss by drowned horses, mules and cat
tle is something enormous.'
ANNUAL MEETING OF
VALLEY ROAD DIRECTORS
E. P. Ripley to Succeed Claus Spreck-
els as President Ten Days
Hence.
I.OS ANGELES, July ".-Manager W. G.
Nevin of the Santa Fe has been advised
that the annual meeting of the stockhold
ers ■In the San Joaquin Valley Railway
will he held at San Francisco on July 17.
at which time B. P. Ripley will be chosen
to succeed Claus Spreckels as president
of the new line. Other changes in keeping
with the Santa F*e_ absorption of the
Valley lines will then he made. .
J. A. Barr. the new third vice president
of the Santa Fe system, whose election
at New York was reported yesterday, in
a. stranger to Los Angeles railroad people.
Mr. Barr is. however, known to local rail
road men by reputation". He will be in
charge of the operating department of
the system, which has never before had a
distinctive vice president at its head.
Mr. Barr is at present vice president and
general manager of the Norfolk and
Western, and has been an operating man
on one of the North Pacific Coast iin«*.-*.
He is expected In this vicinity some time
in August on a tour of Inspection when
President Ripley visits the Pacific Coast.
*> ■ ,, — , — —
ORDER IS RE-ESTABLISHED.
Barcelona Has Resumed Its Normal
Aspect.
Special Cable to The Gal] and the New Tork
_■_-*'<_. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett. 'i:-'< ;
BARCELONA, July 7. -Order is com
pletely re-established, tramways are run
ning, theaters are open and the city has
resumed Its normal aspect. Those
wounded during the disturbances aro
doing well. ■:---..', »
TORTURED
BY NEGRO
SOLDIERS
I An Innocent Miner Prodded
i
With Bayonets in the -
Bull Pen.
TOLD INIFFIDAVITS
— — .'
Story of Indignities Heaped Upon
Men Who Would Not Consent '
to Give False Testimony.
Special bispatch to The Call.
As the trials proceed at Wal
lace of the men accused of com
plicity in the dynamiting of the
Bunker Hill and Sullivan mining j
properties, more of the methods
employed under so-called martial
law to hold the citizens in subjec
tion are revealed. One miner,
for instance, makes affidavit that
he was prodded v/.th bayonets by,
negro soldiers to compel him to
bear false witness,' and upon his
reiterated refusal was threatened
wth death. Freedom, in the
oeur d'Alenes, seems to consist
in the freedom of those in pov/er
to do as they like, regardless of
the rights of others.
-
WALLACE, Idaho, July 7.—
The methods employed by the
State authorities, aided by
the military, Id obtain testi
mony against those accused
of participating in the riots of April 29
were brought to the attention of the
court to-day in the trial' of Paul Cor
coran.
The defense filed several affidavits in
support of a motion for continuance, on
the ground that the defendant could
not have a fair and impartial trial at
this time because of the intimidation
practiced by the military, authorities
I upon witnesses in his behalf. The affi-
I davit of a miner named Simpkins, re
cently released from the bull pen, was
among those filed, whifj" .vt forth that
afUs.nt shortly -.Sfte' 1 his incai '••ration
! had been taken by lour negro soldiers
to a remote corner of the pen and
made to stand : gainst a fence facing
the soldiers, who then prodded him sev
eral times with their bayonets, after
which they cocked and aimed their
rifles at the prisoner and assumed a
firing attitude. Simpkins was then told
! by Burch, the superintendent of the
Bunker Hill mine, that it was well
; known that he (Simpkins) could iden-
tify many of the rioters, and that if he
did not tell all he knew regarding the
occurrences of the 29th he would have
to suffer the consequences.
Simpkins says he expected to be shot,
but refused to perjure himself, and
maintained that he knew nothing of
the riot or of those who participated in
it. After unsuccessfully attempting in
this way to extort testimony from him.
Rurch ordered the soldiers to escort
Simpkins back to his .quarters.
Attorneys for the defendant also filed
the affidavits of William Mitchell and
John Chidester, Who* stated-, that they
met Paul Corcoran, the defendant, on
the road near his home a short dis
tance from the town of Burke between
the hours of 12 and lon the day of
riot, and that it Would have beep im
possible for him to have been at Ward
tier on that day.
Chidester and . Mitchell state that
they were employed at the Standard
mine on the day of the riot and shortly
afterward were arrested by. -,' United
Continued on Second Pace.'
MYSTERY FADES INTO
A DOMESTIC SCANDAL
Miss Florence Campbell's Melodramatic
Plot to Capture Rathom From
His Wife.
Divorce and Not Murder Was the Purpose of the
Clumsy Scheme— Rivalry for
the Husband's Smiles.
THE melodramic mystery in which
John R. Rathom and Miss Flor
ence M. Campbell figure as prin
cipals has practically been solved.
The affair possesses no more in
terest now than attaches to the dis
agreeable recital. of an illicit associa
tion between a man and a woman. The
case has developed simply into the ex
pose of the woman's shame and the
man's dishonor, coupled with the
woman's clumsy scheme to retain her
lover's affections and force him to
sacrifice his wife. The police have in
vestigated the matter thoroughly and
have found nothing to warrant even a
suspicion that an attempt to commit
murder was made.
There is nothing to indicate that poi
soned candy was sent through the
mails nor is there a single fact to show
that either Miss Campbell or Mrs. Elsie
Scheib was poisoned. That they were
ill there is do question, but that their
illness was the result of theirown efforts
there appears to be ample proof. The
facts in the case indicate that the ab
surd plot was conceived in the Scheib
household with the purpose of assisting
Miss Florence M. Campbell to secure
a monopoly of the volatile affections of
thorn.
Miss Campbell knew that Rathom
was becoming very weary of her. He
wished to be reconciled to his wife — a
wish that did not meet with the appro
bation of Miss Campbell. Rathom had
tried time and again to rid himself of
his mistress. He had given her money
to leave the city and go to her home.
He had promised his wife *.hat his
liaison with the woman would cease.
Miss Campbell knew all of this and
determined to. prevent, if possible, the
Joss of her lover.
While the police have not established
the identity of the person who sent the
candy through the malls, they have a
moral conviction that it was sent by
Miss Campbell to herself and was not
poisoned. There is everything to Indi
cate that th Scheibs were parties to
the plot and were animated by a de
sire to clear the way for an unimpeded
play of Miss Campbell's affections upon
Rathom.
The clumsy schemers believed that
Rathom would fall into the net, accuse
i his wife of attempted murder and sink
gratefully into the expectant arms of
Miss Campbell. When the melodrama
was at its height the male Scheib. igno
rant of the possibility of publicity or
exposure. Informed Rathom that the
I crime of .poisoning the female Scheib
j and Miss Campbell would be condoned
j if Mrs. Rathom would leave the State
! and sign a document admitting that
| she had deserted her husband and was
'I willing that he. should accept the law's
redress in divorce. Meanwhile Mrs.
| Scheib and Mis;- Campbell were rapidly
•recovering '" from a dose of mustard.
which is disagreeable but not danger
j ous when taken internally. ; Rathom
refused the bait and an unenviable no
j toriety followed for - all i concerned.
I Miss Campbell has lost her lover, Mrs.
Scheib is more than ever convinced that
a dose' of mustard is not a love talis
man even by proxy. Mr. Scheib is splut
tering in a sea of his own contradic
tions and Mr. and Mrs. Rathom are
debating the propriety of kissing and
making up. As far as public interest is
concerned the last curtain has been
rung on a domestic drama that has
enough of seriousness in it to make it
comic.
The life threads of Mr. Rathom and
Miss Campbell crossed at Santa Cruz.
Rathom is a newspaper man and at the
time of the meeting Miss Campbell was
an ambitious novice in the field of
newspaper work. She' sought encour
agement and Rathom gave it. She
asked instruction and Rathom supplied
it. The association reached a climax
that appears to be not unusual. Mrs.
Rathom learned of the affair and tried
in a woman's way to win back her hus
band.
She went to Miss Campbell and
begged her to be decent. Miss Camp
bell pleaded that she had been deceived,
claiming that Rathom had represented
himself to her as an unmarried man.
In this assertion Miss Campbell said
what she knew to be untrue. She re
ceived many letters from Mrs. Rathom
during the negotiations for the pur
chase of a husband. Several of these
letters were sent by messenger and not
through the mails, a fact which is of
great significance in connection with
subsequent events. Up to this time
neither Rathom nor Miss Campbell had
met the Scheibs.
The newspaper man and his mistress
were living at 610 Ellis street for a j
while and then .m- -—d. In December
they returned and again sought iodg-
Yu^s. They i'ound a new landlady in
. barge-— Mrs. Elsie Scheib.- Mrs. Scheib
had lived at Turk and Hyde streets,
renting three rooms from Mrs. Ella
Parker. In December Mrs. Parker re
ceived a stroke of what she believed to
be good fortune. A very dear friend of
hers, who has served with distinction
CHARACTERS AND IN
CIDENTS IN THE
MYSTERY WHICH
DEVELOPED INTO A
DOMESTIC COM
EDY. .
upon legislative committees .of public
morals, had! been elected to the State
Senate. Mrs*. Parker believed that an
era of prosperity had dawned and she
asked Mrs. Scmelb t" -«rlve up her rooms.
Whether or not Mrs. Parker was justi
fied In her lhopes by the realization is
another storj^*, but perhai j Senator Slg
Bettman cart tell. At all' events. Mrs.
Scheib moved. She went to 610 Ellis
street and , shortly after received
Rathom and Miss Campbell as lodgers.
Mrs. Scheil/» and Miss Campbell be
came great friends. They were very
thick In the' company of each other
and Miss Campbell assures the public
that Mrs. SclUib is not only her friend
but her benefactor. In April Rathom
and Miss Campbell left the Scheib
household. ' The Schelbs • understood
thoroughly thi relationship existing be
tween Miss .Campbell and Rathom.
The dressmaker knew -that Rathom
had deserted ,his .wife and that Miss
Campbell wished to make the deser
tion permanent. After leaving 610 Ellis
street Miss Campbell called there pe
riodically for hjier mall. '•'•/>'
On Thursday afternoon a week ago
a package and) a letter for Miss Camp
bell were dell red by a postman. On
Friday afternoon Miss Campbell -called
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
and received them. The letter was one
which Miss Campbell had written to
Mrs. Rathom and which was returned
upopened. Mrs. Rathom had written
upon the letter the name and address
of Miss Campbell. The package was an
oblong, wicker basket of unusual make
and filled with perhaos seventy-five
preserved cherries. The basket had
been bought at one place and the cher
ries at another and neither had been
purchased at a candy store. The most
rigid inquiry has failed -thus far to re
veal where the purchases were made.
Miss Campbell opened the basket and
saw its contents. There was neither
address nor message in the basket, but
this created no curiosity in the mind of
Miss Campbell. She saw the handwrit
ing on the cover and recognized it aa
that of Mrs. Rathom. The address was
written on an envelope which had been
cut. It will be remembered that Miss
Campbell had several of these address
ed envelopes. She* declared in answer
to an inquiry that she knew the person,
who had sent the box. She said it was
a lady friend living in Oakland. When
she said this she knew that the address
was in the handwriting of Mrs.
Rathom, who did not live in Oakland.
Miss Campbell offered some of the
cherries to Mrs. Scheib and to the
young dressmaker in the establishment.
Somebody said that it was dangerous
to eat candy so sent and particularly
by an unknown person. Miss Campbell
laughed away a reference to the Botkin
case and ate a cherry, although she
was absolutely sure that her own un
opened letter had just been returned by
a woman who has every natural right
to hate her and the box of cherries had
been addressed by the same woman
and enemy. Miss Campbell appears to
be an intrepid woman.
Mrs. Scheib also ate some of the cher
ries and then Miss Campbell . left the
house. She went immediately to a
drugstore on the corner of Ellis and
Larkin streets, and complained that
she had been poisoned with arsenic.
She described the drug as green and
bitter. It happens to be neither, a fact
which Miss • Campbell possibly forgot.
Nothing more was heard of her until
midnight. She bore her stiff-rings until
then, when she sent for her paramour.
When he arrived. Miss Campbell was
sorely distressed from some internal
disturbance. Rathom gave her some
mustard, which she drank in liquid
form. She said she had been poisoned
by arsenic hidden in some cherries.
She declared that Rathom's wife had
.•ent the poison through the mails. The
..dy.from Oakland had disappeared,
diss Campbell then had a vivifying
spasm of recollection and told
Rathom that Mrs. Scheib had
also partaken of the cherries
and it would be wise to warn her
to take an antidote. The cherries had
then been in process of digestion for
over five hours. Rathom did as he was
directed, and was politely recommend
ed over the telephone to mind his own
business.
The next afternoon Mrs. Scheib re
ceived the attention of a physician, but
was not ill enough to require a second
visit. . Rathom had the cherries ana
lyzed, and the chemist said that there
was enough arsenic in each cherry to
kill a person in a very few hours. The
■Continued on Second Page.2
AUTOMOBILE USED
TO COLLECT MAIL
Experiments at Buffalo SfyDW a
Great Gain in Time Over
Horse Wagons.
_ CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLINGTON HOTEL WASHING-*
« "TON July ..-Postmaster Dorr of Buffalo has demonstrated that there is |
_■ a great field for the use of automobiles in the postal service of large g
1 cities Ld that their use will reduce expenditures and expedite he col- 0
£ lectio- of mails. Through the kindness of Dr. Thurman J. Martin, who „
g owns an automobile trap, the Postmaster was to make *£•*£«*: $
?, cal experiments in the collection of mails, and his report on their result «
S has lust been received by the Postoffice Department. He says that Dr. A
g Martin oS the use of'hls automobile for a trial in the collection of $
g mails from street letter boxes and to demonstrate it, advantages over »
*&' the horse collection wagon. T „, v ,'.,..- -Or 8.
§ The first trial was made on Saturday evening, July 2 when Dr. «
3 Miller managed the automobile, carrying with him Superintendent of g
§ Carriers BieS, who collected: mail from forty boxes on a route eighteen Q
5 miles long in one hour and thirty minutes. To cover the same route g
§ with a horse wagon required more than three hours. jj
# _ trial was made on another route the next morning, when mall was 0
$ collected from sixty-three boxes in one hour and fifty minutes. The time «
88 required for a horse wagon to cover this route is three hours and Aye mln- 0
© ' * :■
88 * Estill another test was made on July 4on another route fifteen miles In ©
S length, with fifty-four boxes, and collections were all made in ninety £
$ mmutes.^_ Dorr informs the department that Dr. Martin has ordered £
© a specially designed wagon to be fitted with a box for receiving mail J
_ immediately in front cf the driver, and that when it has been received it £
SI will be put into service, and a report will be made of its performances, g
§ This report will be awaited with much interest and it may lead to ex- g
5? periments in other cities. _
8 The Buffalo experiments show an average saving of time of nearly. c
<. one-half hour over the wagon service, and if this can be maintained it V
'•*• will enable the department to give more. frequent collections and to ex- v
g tend the collection and free delivery service further into the suburbs of g
<> cities without any increase in cost. ,  «••
•1 TARRYTOWN, N. V., July 7.— The Kingsland property, consisting v
6 of about 300 acres 'has been sold to the Stanley Locomobile Company of •
'-, Boston of which Amzi L. Barber of Dobba Ferry is president and John g
SS Brisben Walker of Irvingtori is vice president. The price paid was $185,- q
© 000 The papers were signed yesterday in New* York. Plans have al- 2<
H ready been drawn for a large factory to be erected on a point on the west 0
O side of the track. The building will be 400 feet long by 50 feet wide, .
._ and will be built of iron and wood. Class windows and doors will ex- O
c, tend the whole length of the building on both sides. This building is g
« one of several large ones which the company intends to erect. The new ;,
i* corporation will spend more than $100,000 in buildings. It is its inten- ©
& tion to build homes its newly acquired land for its employes. Nearby a.
O the point a seventy-five-foot drive will be made on which to exhibit au- c.
'„• tbmobiles. The company contemplates employing from 1000 to 3000 men. ©
•O •
©♦.v.*© .-©?*© ti ©Si © •* o S3 ©?£©.£©%©%%©. *X>!i>^©K. O •■©*© -.> ©<*©$ ©• c ♦>© • -a • •
MOTOR CARRIAGES
FOR BIG GUNS
How Automobiles May
Figure in War.
— • —
Special Dispatch to he Call.
New YORK, July 7.— A Journal cable
from London says: Lord Kitchener of
Khartoum is bout to inspect the stuns
mount. upon motor carriages, adapted
hv Hiram Maxim, the American inventor
of the Maxim gun, from the plans of
Frederick R. Sim?.
The War Office is giving careful consid
eration to the use of the automobile in
war. and an official order for the organi
zation of an experimental battery of ma
chine guns mounted on gasoline motor
carriages is likely soon to issue.
Among the displays at the automobile
FEVER CLAIMS
MANY VICTIMS
A Serious Situation at
Santiago.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The CalL,
NEW YORK, July 7.— The Sun's cable
from Santiago says: The fever situation
her is regarded as serious. Four, new
cases were reported to-day. Thus far
there have been 132 cases and 27 deaths,
all the victims being Americans or other
foreigners. No report was received to
day from the camp at Bonlato, but it is
known that the conditions there are
bad.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— The War
Department has received the follow
ing:
SANTIAGO- DE CUBA, July Adju
tant General: Major Joseph Heatwole,
chief of the commissary, died yesterday
at 7 p. m.. yellow fever.
SHIMER, Assistant Surgeon.
Major Heatwole was a resident of
Indiana and a brother of Representa- j
tive Joel Heatwole of Minnesota.
NEW FORK, July 7— The Health Offi
cer of this port. Dr. Doty, and his assist
ant paw d last night at Swinburne Island
In attendance upon the yellow fever pa
tients who came here upon the Unite 1
States transport McClellan from Santi
ago de Cuba. One of these is Miss Clen
dennln, whose father. Dr. Paul Clenden
nin, medical officer in charge at Santiago,
died of yellow fever. After the departure
of the McClellan Dr. Doty said:
"Miss Clendennlh is suffering from a
mild attack of yellow fever. She is im
proving to-day, having a lower tempera
ture. 1 ■#■'•• every hope that she will im
prove right along."
The efficacy of the serum treatment is
being tested "on the other patient, Oscar
F. Leckey. Dr. Doty said to-day:
"Mr. Lecky was In very bad .shape. On
arrival at the hospital I found that it was
lrnposible to give him nourishment, as his
stomach was very weak and refused to
retain anything. His mind was clear, his
mature very high. He was told he !
——.a in a serious plight. I explained to
him the uses of yellow fever serum. He
Bald: 'Doctor, do as you think best.' He
was given one injection under the skin at i
11 o'clock Ir.st night . another at 2 a. m. \
and a third at 7 a. m.
"When we arrived at Swinburne Island
his temperature was very high. This
morning his temperature has fallen nearly
two degrees and he is somewhat more
comfortable. *
"Ferguson and Tldmarsh, the two sus
pects, are improved, with their tempera
ture nearly normal, showing evidence that
their illness is not, In all probability,
caused by yellow fever. Dr. Fitzpatrick
and l will be in constant " attendance on I
the patients at Swinburne island until
the end. 1 have every hope that we will j
pull them through."
SCORES CARTER HARRISON.
Prominent Democrat Denounces Him.
as a Traitor.
CHICAGO. July • 7.— The Democratic
Press Bulletin. 'Which' Is issued by the
National Committee Press Bureau, in Its
Issyf* tof to-morrow will contain a letter
fro'm.P- J* -Devlin, chief of the bureau. It
is addressed. to tha. Democratic editors of
the country and members of the National
Committee to meet here on - July i 20. It
la printed under the caption. Shall Trea^
son Be Upheld?'.' and in part is as fol-
"In the lute campaign in Chicago I sup
ported Altgeld as the Democratic candi
date for Mayor. The regularly called city
convention that nominated Harrison
faUed to reaffirm Its alb-glance to the
Democratic platform including, the whole
{ -ago Platform. Fifty thousand of the
stanche.. Democrats in the city also sup
trtpd AIS Tin. bulk of Harrison's
support came from BepuWlcana, .Not in
■ingle Democrat known to be loj-4 la
show In old Deer Park, Richmond, was !
the military motor quadrlcycle device of J
Frederick R. Sims. The quadr!ey( le car
ries a Maxim gun of Mark IV pattern; j
and ore of 3.02. It runs by a timir.R gear
up to eighteen miles an hour, and will
cover 120 miles before becoming ex
hausted, or 250 miles with a reserve petrol I
and can be worked— guns as well as mo- i
tor by one man. 1
The motor is made self-cooling, self-
ling and self-igniting by means of the
Inventor's magneto-electric ignition sys
tem. This "Sims motor scout," as it!
has been named, was twisted and turned
over the grass and cinder track with the
greatest facility and with unvarying
silence.
The gun sweeps a wide field and can be I
aimed, whether at a halt or in speed, to
the right and left Thousands of rounds
Of ammunition can be easily stowed on
ii,- machine in boxes of a hundred, and
advantageously .lisp. for replenishing
the gun feeder. A new form of tire, com
bining the cushion, pneumatic and solid, i
is fitted to the motor scout, and will, it is
claimed, allow of the machine being
worked over a rough country.
This compound tire is cooled by rota- ;
tion, has side flanges to the rim that af
ford protection against collision with such
Objects as curbstones, and eliminate, side j
.■'. : ,os. Should a * ...i' .-.*-•? occur the tire t
eofapsea emh.lv inside th. rim, and the!
wear falls partly on the side rims and i
partly on the tread. **'-.-(
1896 was in any way prominently con
nected with Harrison's campaign.
"I believe that our national platform
means something and that any organiza
tion that uses the party name without
accepting the principles is guilty of an
outrageous fraud against the people as
well as a flagrant insult to the national
body. That IS just what Harrison and
the "convention that nominated him did.
"Be it known that there is no salary at
tached to my position as editor of the Bul
letin or as manager of the Committee
Press Bureau. The expenses are paid by
Chairman Jones, who established the bu
reau in October, 1.97. These have been
about $75 or $S0 per month." .
JULIAN, THE FAMOUS
ABOLITIONIST, IS DEAD
In 1859 He Was a Candidate for Vice
President, and Later Served
in Congress.
INDIANAPOLIS,. July 7.— George W.
Julian, the famous abolitionist, died at his
home in Irvington to-day. ■
In 1860 he was a candidate for
the nomination ' for the .Vice Pres
idency on the Free Soil ticket and
was a delegate to the first Republican
convention- at Pittsburg in 1859. He served
several terms In Congress. In May, 1883,
he served as Surveyor General of New
Mexico. /
Census of the Colonies.
CHICAGO. July 7.— Parker D. Redmond,
an agent of the United State's Census Bu
reau, arrived in Chicago to-day en route
to the Hawaiian Islands and Philippine
Islands on official business. He will set
in ration, first in the Hawaii Islands,
the machinery for taking the census there
and then proceed to the Philippines on a
similar mission.' . /
TORTURED BY
NEGRO SOLDIERS
Continued from First P-ige.
States soldiers and deputies and plac- i
ed in the bull pen, from which they !
v.-ere subsequently released without
any charge having been made against
either; that they have been prevent- I
ed by Sinclair /from Seeking employ- i
ment in Shoshone County and threat
ened with arrest if they did apply for
permits. Both men are in', the State of
Montana and set forth that they have
been informed and believe* if they re
turn and give testimony < in favor of
the defendants that they will be again
taken to the bull pen. ■ - /
The court. However, ref ujsed to grant
the continuance and ordered the attor
neys to proceed with the', examination
of jurors. Fifteen Jurors / were exam
ined this afternoon and -of this num
ber twelve -were accepted, subject to
peremptory challenge, oif which the
State is entitled to five land, the de
fense ten. The- jury will/ probably be
finally accepted' to-mormw, and the
taking of testimony will" bjegin not later
than Monday.- < . : ______] ■)
,' . Ij ;
Suicide With Giant; Powder. ■'. *
ANGELS; CAMP. July 7.— Fred Peter-
son. a man over seventy j years of age,
committed suicide at Murt&hys last even
ing by placing a stick of slant powder in
his mouth and exploding! it. He left a
note stating that he had.li*i*ed in Murphys
fifty-one years, was tired ,of life and de
cided to kill himself. f
.-""■- — a '—
Admiral Cervera Acquitted.
MADRID, July Admiral Cervera and
the other commanders of tihe Spanish fleet
destroyed in the battle of (Santiago, whose
conduct has been the subject of Inquiry
by special court-martial, were to-day ac
quitted and formally liberated.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 18911.
TRAGIC DEATH
OF MRS . DICKENS
Naval Captain's Wife Is *
Killed by Explosion.
— — a
HANDSOME HOME WRECKED
a—
PLUMBER'S POT AND GASOLINE
CAUSE THE DISASTER.
■ ■ a—
Entire Third ' Story Front of the j
Beautiful Washington Residence
Blown Out by the Violent
Shocks.
'——♦——
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— Fire and
explosion In the residence of Captain j
Dickens of the United States navy at !
10: this morning resulted in the death j
i of Mrs. Dickens, who died before mcdl-; I
i cal assistance could reach her. Other j
persons about the house were severely ;
but not dangerously wounded.
The Dickens residence is a handsome I
three-story brick building on Nine- ;
teenth street, directly back of the Brit- •
1 ish embassy, and within a few steps of
I Dupont Circle. The first intimation of j
the disaster was a low rumble, followed j
by several violent shocks, .which blew j
out the entire third story front of the
residence. The firemen made their
way to the third story, and among the
debris littering the front room they j
I found the blackened corpse of the un
fortunate woman.
Mrs. Dickens' death was undoubt
| edly caused by the explosion, and it is
not" believed she suffered any from the
flames which succeeded. The rescuers
! were led to the spot by Plumber
Vaughan, who was himself burned
about the face and arms. He received
I these burns in a heroic effort to rescue
] Mrs. Dickens.
He and his assistant had entered the
room in which Mrs. Dickens sat clean
j ing some rugs when the explosion hap-
I pened. The two men were thrown
j down by the explosion. Vaughan seized
Mrs. Dickens and attempted to drag
' her from the room. The flames were, j
j however, so tierce that he was corn
' pelled to drop her and flee for his own |
' life. He thinks that she was then dead, i
The plumber and his assistant were ;
' putting on a gutter at the rear of the
! roof. Having completed the job, they j
I descended the ladder to the third story, |
! The plumber's assistant carried a light- j
ed melting pot. Vaughan detected the j
i strong fumes of gasoline, and through
I the open door to the front room caught
< a glimpse of Mrs. Dickens sprinkling ;
! liquid on the floor with the evident pur- '
pose of preparing to cleanse it. He gave ;
i warning to his partner that gasoline
j was being used and that there was j
: danger from the fire pot, but at this
I Instant the terrific explosion occurred,
i literally enveloping the entire third j
I story in a mass of flames.
The explosion was of such force that j
! it rent the stone steps in front of the)
house. The plumbers say that consid
erable quantities of the gasoline had j
apparently been spilled upon the floor.
Word was sent to the Navy Depart- i
i ment, where Captain Dickens is next
. to Admiral Cmwninshield at the head
of the Bureau of Navigation. The ex- |
| act character of the catastrophe was j
i not made known to him, but he was J
i brought hurriedly to the Dickens resi
j dence in a carriage. He almost fainted j
i as he was helped from the carriage up
[ the street entrance steps. He identi
■) fied the body as that o. his wife. The ,
: body of Mrs. Dickens was borne to the >
I next house, where a -surgeon of the
I navy resides. .
Captain Dickens is one of the best
known office*** connected with the Navy
Department, and he was brought into
prominence at the time the Maine was.
blown up at Havana. He was then
acting chief of the Navigation Bureau
and it fell to his lot to receive the first
dispatch from Captain Sigsbee, giving
information of that disaster.
Mrs. Dickens was an authoress of
some note, one of her best known books
being "Around the World in a Man
of-War." She was also a frequent eon*
trlbutor to magazines.
MYSTERY FADES INTO
A DOMESTIC SCANDAL
Continued From First Page.
' ladies had escaped most fortunately.
Then came the climax to the comedy.
Mr. Scheib appeared to tell Rathom
that Mrs. Rathom must leave the State
at once and agree in writing to permit
Rathc-m'to secure a divorce. The di
vorce of Rathom and Mrs. Rathom
j was no concern of Scheib, but. it was
j a "matter of vital moment to his friend,
1 Miss Campbell. Scheib had seen very
little of Miss Campbell after she had
left his home, but his wife had seen
much of the lady. Scheib insisted that
Mrs. Rathom had sent the poisoned
candy, but how he discovered the as
i sumed fact is not known. Miss Camp
i bell had not told either him or his wife,
as the Oakland lady had not disap
peared from the scene until after Miss
Campbell had disappeared, from the
Scheib house not to* return.
Mr. Scheib's business instinct also
asserted itself,- and he demanded $50
from Mrs. Rathom to pay the physician
who had attended Mrs. Scheib. The
' money. was not paid and Mrs. Rathom
' has not left the State. In this way the "
! affair appears to be ended. Rathom is
! quite sure that neither his' wife nor
•Miss Campbell sent the poisoned cher
! ries, and he is positive that he did not
; do so. He was around town last night
j with Miss Campbell making these as
surances. •,
Mr. Scheib is authority for the state
ment that neither he nor his wife is
guilty and the police declare emphatic
ally that- nobody intended to poison
anybody and that no poisoned cherries
went through the mails.
Sheep Barred From Parks.
STOCKTON, July 7.— Congressma
! Tries to-day received a letter from the
Interior Department informing him that
! no permits would be issued to sheepmen
allowing them to pasture their stock on
the Government reservations. The Gov
■ ernment officials' hold that the young
trees and undergrowth are injured by the
animals, and. believing it would be in
j consistent to grant the California sheep
i men permission to use the feed while
! others are kept out of parks in other
; States, the request is denied.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 7.
Stmr Areata, Reed. 50 hours from Coos Bay."
DOMESTIC PORTS. .
SAN DlEGO— Sailed July 7— Stmr Alcatraz,
for San Francisco. „.,_-, _-_
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed July 7— Schr
Mary Etta, for San Francisco. :■_-__'■
CASPAR— Arrived July 7— Schr Abble, from
San Pedro. * •
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 7— Stmr Campa
nia, from Liverpool. >?_*__ _ _
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed July Stmr Cluden,
for New York. '
BOSTON— Arrive. July 7— Stmr Canada, from
Liverpool and Queenejowp.
NOISE OF STORM
DROWNED BY SONG
v ßain Descends on Tent
Endeavor.
■ ■ —
ENFORCED USE OF UMBRELLAS
.... • - — • — '
j SPEAKERS FAIL TO MAKE THEM-
SELVES HEARD.
• -..-.. ■■ » --■ — .--•■
With Praise Service Then Thousands
of Christian I Delegates Over
• ~ - ' came the Roar of the
Elements.
.'• -. ' *-. / '•" .-• ':'.** — "—* ■ ' ~
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
DETROIT, July The mooted ques
, tion of the number ;of people brought
j ! into Detroit by the Christian Endeavor
j convention cropped out at the outset of
| j to-night's meeting., in Tent Endeavor,
when Secretary Baer took occasion to
j publicly criticize the . .Detroit news
; papers for stating that the influx of
! delegates from other States was not
nearly as great as had been anticipated
'in the local committee's estimate. Mr.
■ Baer had no statement yet to. make as
I to the attendance as -compared with
| other-years/ He promised to make one
j I later, but he called. on all Endeavorers
present to rise. A large majority of
those present stood up, which Mr. Baer
; assumed to be proof of his view of the
j attendance question. . , -
The newspapers' estimate of the total
; visitors is 20,000 in round numbers. Mr.
! Baer. denied that anybody connected
; with Christian Endeavor committees
' had ever told Detroit people that they
, had reason to expect 50,000 Endeavor
ers would attend. -At all events the
i secretary insisted that the Christian
; Endeavor tents had never before been
so crowded. . ■
- Bishop B. W. Arnot (colored) presided
over the tent Endeavor meeting to
night. The Rev. Dr. Quayle of Indian
apolis, one of the speakers on the even
ing programme, was announced to have
been called to Kansas to the bedside of
his dying father. Silent prayer was of
fered in behalf of Dr. Quayle. The de
votional exercises were led by R. R.
Patterson of San Francisco, the mo
ments of meditation and prayer by
Rev. George E. Soper of St. Paul.
The address of the evening was by
Rev. John. Henry Barrows of Oberliu
College. During its delivery the rain
again descended, increasing until the
noise on the roof almost drowned the
sound of Dr. Barrows' voice and he was
compelled to desist. Umbrellas were
raised all over the tent, but compara
tively few left and the. crowd stayed
and sang sons after song, overcoming
all sounds of the storm and all ideas of
increasing discomfort. At length the
rain ceased long enough to allow Dr.
Barrows to proceed.
Largely attended evangelistic ser
vices were held during- the noon hour at
factories and public squares throughout
the city. The afternoon was given up
to conferences in the larger churches.
COLONEL BRYAN AT THE
COLUMBUS DOLLAR DINNER
Judge Tarvin Denounces the At
tempts to Relegate the Silver
Question to the Rear.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. July About 1000
people attended the .dollar dinner given by
the Young' Men's Democratic Club of
Columbus in the Auditorium, to-night. It
was the largest banquet which the local
Democracy has had j since that given in j
honor of the seventy-seventh- birthday of !
the late Judge Allen G. Thurman in' the :
same ball ten years ago. The affair was
.strictly democratic in Its simplicity, all
.classes being represented. There were
also a large number of ladles in the
assemblage.
The chief guest was Colonel William
Jennings Bryan, at the table with whom
were also seated Hon C. T. Callahan and !
George Fred Williams of Massachusetts,
Judge Tarvin of Kentucky, Hon. Allen W.
Thurman of Columbus, the toastmaster, !
and a number of others, prominent in
State politics. The entrance of Colonel
Bryan was greeted by. an outburst of ap- '
plause which lasted until after he had I
become seated.
Judge Tarvin. president of the League
of Bimetallic Clubs of Ohio Valley in a
vitriolic speech denounced the attempts I
being made to relegate the silver question
to the rear. 'He Insisted that the Issue
must be made as prominent in 1000 as it !
was in the Chicago platform. The party
must not tolerate any dicker or trade for
the purpose of obtaining the vote of New :
York. lie declared that the men in con
trol of the Democratic organization in I
New York City were notoriously out of
sympathy with the Chicago platform, and
said it was known to all men that the or-'
ganized wealth of the country owned the
New' York City organization body and
soul. He denounced "the efforts now be
ing made by the organized wealth of the
country in New York, in Chicago and In
dianapolis to destroy the force and power
of the Democratic party by mutilating the
Chicago platform of 1896." J
Colonel Bryan spoke on silver and
trusts.
_, * — ♦■ —
TO SEARCH FOR BAKER.
Boston Police Inspectors Authorize a
Vigorous Hunt.
BOSTON, July' After a conference
with the police Inspectors and Assistant
District Attorneys, Chief Inspector Watts
was authorized to send the following tel
egram to Captalni Dugan at San Fran- i
cisco this evening: .
' Captain Joseph Dugan: Spend all
" time and money necessary to capture
Baker. San Francisco police will
render what assistance deemed neces
sary in making the search for Bakor
or FoJ*. Don't worry.
WILLIAM B. WATTS.
Search for Beneficial Insects.
LOS ANGELES. July 7.— George A.
Compere of this city has been selected by
the State Board of Horticulture to visit
foreign lands as "special agent in search
of beneficial insects, as provided for by
an act passed by the last Legislature.
The sum of $7500 has been appropriated
for the purpose. Mr. Compere expects
now to work altogether in Australia,
JOHN LORD LOVE
HAS PASSED AWAY
RANKED AS ONE OF THE STATE'S
LEADING ATTORNEYS.
Served Terms as Attorney General
and Court Commissioner •
With Credit.
John Lord Love, an old resident of. this
State, and a prominent attorney,- died at
his residence, 28 Glen Park avenue, last
night.
Mr. Love came to California with his
father when a lad of 14. The elder Love
took high rank as an attorney and his son
followed in his footsteps. He studied law
in Sacramento and later went East and
was graduated from Yale College. H.
was admitted to the bar in 1862, and when
but 24 years of age was made Court Com
missioner for the Fifteenth Judicial Dis
trict, holding this position for live years.
He served as Attorney General from IS.I
to 1575 ,and at the expiration of that term
devoted himself j largely to -journalism,
writing for the Sacramento Record-Union.
Later he was appointed Assistant Dis
trict Attorney under District Attorney
Page and was again appointed to that of
fice under District Attorney Barnes. He
was also Judge of one of the San Fran
cisco Police Courts.
' Mr. Love was 58 years of age and a na
tive of Buffalo, N. Y. He has been ill for
some time, and his death was not unex
l pected. - - ' - • ■ ■-- .
BLOODGOOD HAS
SECURED DIVORCE
IN NORTH DAKOTA
Sequel to His Romantic Marriage
to Pretty Kitty Spencer
at San Die^o.
MRS. KATHERINE S. BLOODGOOD.
NEW YORK, July 7.— -Word was re- |
| ceived here to-day that William D. ;
I Bloodgood of this city had obtained a :
j divorce from his wife, Katharine S.
Bloodgood, in Bismarck, N. D. They j
were married in San Diego. Cal., in
1889.
When Bloodgood sued for a divorce j
I here in the early part of this year the j
i referee declared that the evidence did
not show any wrongdoing on the pari i
! of Mrs. Bloodgood— certainly not more
than indiscretion. Judge Beekman sus
tained the referee's report and dis- j .
missed the suit. *
Mrs. -Catherine Bloodgood was formerly
1 Kitty Spencer, and is to-day one of the |
foremost contraltos on the conceit stage.
This fascinating artist obtained much
i notoriety of late because of a divorce suit
i instituted by her husband. Mrs. Blood
good fought the case from the beginning
and tiie verdict was given in her favor.
She always declared that she did not wish
a divorce.
Mrs. Bloodgood wns born In Ithaca. N.
Y. but came to California when quite j
young. She grew, up in Snn Diego. Even
as a girl she was celebrated * for her
| beauty and at a very early age she gave j
evidence of a rare musical gift. She re- j
ceived her tirst encouragement to study
music from D. H. Morrison of Dos An
VETERANS ENJOY
LIFE AT THE SEA
Discover a Variety of
Amusements.
• —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, July 7.— Those in camp
I at Camp Wallace Reynolds are having, a
"big time." During the morning fishing
and bathing are their favorite pastimes.
Among the posts which have established
headquarter tents are the Wallace Rey
nolds Post, G. A. R., "and Wallace Rey
nolds Corps. W. R. C; E. O. C. Ord Post,
.' and the E. C. C. .Ord Relief Corps of Los
Gatos; the John A. Dix Post, the Phil
Sheridan Post and the John A. Dix Re
lief Corps of San Jose; the San Jose
: Circle of the Ladies of the Grand Army.
! of the Republic.'
Last night the veterans in camp were
1 the guests of Wallace Reynolds Post at
! its regular meeting. War reminiscences
were given and a Jolly good time was
spent This evening the Wallace Rey
nolds Relief Corps gave a literary enter
tainment. y<
Among those who are in camp are the
following Daughters of Veterans: Miss
May K. Kellurn,, Los Gatos ; Mrs. Carrie
Male.?' San Jose; Adele F. Davis, San
Jose; Ethel A. Hills and Lucy Larcom.
Of the' members of the Sons of Vet
erans are: Captain A. S. Mason, LA.
1 win Camp Los Gatos; F. A. Nattinger,
San Jose^die Walter. Los Gatos. • ■_
1 Of the Ladies of the Grand Army of
' the Rem;- ll' are: Mrs. T. A. Hibberd,
Mrs W P M Frederick, Mrs. Susie Hoyt,
Mrs! J H. Gage and Mrs. Nellie Mc-
Ginlev all from San Jose. _____
The members of the Woman's Relief
Corps are:
From San Jose-Mrs. M. E.. Bell. Mrs. E. S.
Hnuck Mr. B. Kingston, Mrs. L. May pes*.
Sq Lewis. Mrs. Sue Tripp. Mrs. Gertrude
Jones' Mrs. Addle Nattinger, Mrs. Nellie Mc-
GHnfly Mrs. Mary Rob B*oo.8 * 00 . Mrs * *" , ah M.
Jack Mrs Gruwell, Mrs -Hoyt^Mrs • -key
F F H m K^Uum a Mrs. Mao* '„. ,r '' _ tV *7
p H Krilum Mrs. Mary Walter, Mrs. L. K.
E. H. Kel * v ™- M. J- Fitch". Mrs. A. B. Cram
__£"___ H _ Hotohkiss. Mrs. H. G. Hills,
M~' F H Evans. Mrs. Abby Shuler. M. Dob
m™' Mrs.' Nannie Covert, Mrs. Maria Williams.
I From a San" °t*ru . Wallace Reynolds Corps
r__ura C Perry, Mary B. Patton, Mrs R H.
> nfown Mrs M. Coolbaugh. Mrs. Sarah 1.. Bow
™n Mrs J. Harris. Miss Kittle Trunbly.
! Mrs SB -wanton. Mrs. F. E. Blbblns, Annie
I Piper Alice Newhall. Elizabeth Tenney. Ella
Hivlpr Soffi-tu,sa'M. Smith, El.*.
--i B From Ea «t Oakland-Eouisa M. Smith, Eliza
! beth 8. Thayer. .... .__■-*> .
Among the members of the Grand Army
are:
From San Jose-R. Wilt.. L. L. Nattln.er,
! Geore" W Kellurn. D. B. Pond. J. ; M." Butt>.
S _\ Tillier". Theodore O. Hibberd. L. L.
V uUnger^ Jr. W. M. Fredericks, J. J. Peard.
To-hua Grayson.. G. W. Rayburn. S. Kingston,
! F E. Starck A. A. Geer, Joseph M. Clark, A.
W From n9 Gatos-Henry M. Barker. A. C.
Covert, William H. Lawrence. J. J. Nichols,
_ E 'Walter H. Hotehklss. Henry Nichols.
John G Fitch, D. H. Coates, G. C. Rodell. ;
From' Santa Cruz-S.. A. GUlet. George W.
Newhall. B. R. Balding. J. B. Harris. S. M.
Reed S I. Horton, Benjamin * Finney, S. B.
wanton, Cyrus Blbhlns. Edward Pendleton, C.
F Ross. -
From Oakland— Smith. %
From San Lorenzo— H. D. Churchill. .
geh and to him she attributes her suc
cess in her art. He persuaded her to go
to New York, where she studied under
George Sweet. She has appeared in
Europe and till the cities of the East,
achieving an artistic triumph in every
place she visited. -
It was some years ago when she was
pretty Kitty Spencer- that young Blood
good fell in love with the sweet-voiced
girl. He wooed well and wisely, and much
to the disappointment of many ardent ad
mirers tic- wealth j* Easterner won her
heart. When Mr. and Mrs. Bloodgood
went East her success as an , artist be
came known the world over. It was a
painful surprise to her many friends to
learn about a year ago that the couple had
agreed to separate and that a divorce
-.'.as being sued for. Finding, that they
were no longer congenial, they thought it
best to separate. Mr. Bloodgood desired
a divorce, but ills wife objected. There
had been a child by the mart-age an., she
was averse to the notoriety of a divorce
for its sake. ........ .-.--• ."'
Mrs. Bloodgood left New York in Janu
ary on a concert tour. She appeared ln
Chicago and the other prominent cities on
her trip across the continent. At present
Mrs. Bloodgood is the contralto of Dr.
Cobb's Collegiate Dutch Reformed Church
at the corner of Seventy-seventh street
and West End avenue. New York.
Mrs. Bloodgood is a very handsome bru
nette with a striking figure. She possesses
a. rich and- mellow voice that has been
carefully cultivated by hard study. She
Is now in San Diego on a visit to her par
ents.
Among others in the camp who belong
to old soldiers* families are:
Frank (". Hearth. Mrs. Illie Wolff, Mr. Will
lam Fisher of San Jose. Mr. (". R. Jones. San
Francisco; Mrs. Olivette Wisher, San Fran
cisco: Mrs. John J. Nichols, John Emma" Nich
ols.-Los Cat. is; Mrs. E. J. Searles. WalsWortb;
Mrs. George Martin, San Francisco; Mrs. Eu
genic Loving, Kali Si.ell. Mont.; Mrs. K.lra A.
! Smith, Kast Oakland; Mrs. Georire P. Howell,'
! Bernice Howell. Fresno: Arthur Francis White.
East .Oakland; George B. I'" ■•!!. Fresno; Mrs.
I Addle Smith, Oakland: Mrs. Laura Stoddard,
.goouel: Mrs. J. P. Mitchell, Clarkesvllle. Ark.;
"-- Judge A. S. Miller. Wright; Julia A.
Walker. London. Eng.; Miss Frances I. Fitch
j Los On;.-!-; W. R. French. Frankfort, Ind.
The following large delegation hails from San
Jose: Miss Nellie McGinley. Herbert R. Tripp i
. Ella B. Lewis. Tessie L".vi.,' Raymond Lewis.
: Russell li. Tripp, Beagle B. Tripp. Russell H
Tripp, M. I).: H. K. Jones. Mrs. K. A. Davis,
A. A. Geer, Mrs. M Anglnne. .R. D. Norton,
Mrs Maegley, Miss MaegTey, Lens Wiltz, Roy
| Wlltz, Fred- Maegley; Harry Bell. <". J. Reckey, .
\ Mrs. D. D. Skinner, Mr. and Mrs. George W.
Miller, Miss A. M. .Miller. Grace Miller, May
I Miller. Agnes Miller, Clara Miller, Miss Anita
i Kessel. Mis.-: Do.lt_ Frost. Miss OUie Frost
I Miss T...!ia Frost, Mrs. Frank Cottle.
Son Francisco Is represented by Miss Georgia '•
| Martin. E. A. Norman. l. ! Mrs. B. Norman. l
Miss Alice Normand, Mrs. A. A. Geer, Mrs
; Illie Wolff. * .
WILL NOT CONSOLIDATE.
New York Central Not to Absorb the
Pennsylvania.
PHII_ADEI-PlirA, July 7.— promin.nt
official close to President A. J. Cassatt of
the Pennsylvania Railroad to-day denied
the published statement that the Penn
sylvania and the New York Central Rail
• road had entered a compact by which the
two systems had practically become one.
To a reporter, he said:
"There has never been any thought ot
consolidating the two systems. The New
York Central is practically a family. -ail
road, owned by the "Vanderbilts, **hile
there are 30.000 stockholders in the Penn
sylvania road. The relations of the two
companies are pleasant, but as the Penn
sylvania Railroad is competing with the
New York Central for traffic the interests
of the two roads are not compatible and
consequently consolidation or amalgama
tion would be out of. the ouestlon."
The official denied the statement that
Mr. Vanderbilt is the largest stockholder
in the Pennsylvania Railroad.
Claim Against Sonoma County.
SANTA ROSA. July 7.-State Controller
Colgan has filed a claim with Auditor
Wright for $6035 for the care of Sonoma
County children sent to the Glen Ellen
Home during the past twenty-two mon*h«
The Supervisors to-day. discussed the
claim and informally decided not to pay
It unless it were shown to be legal.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
"101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from the ocean.
"Honer is Purchased
by Deeds We Do.
'Deeds, not words, count in battles of
peace as 'well as in war. It is not ivhat
ive, say, but ivhat Hood's Sarsaparilla
does, that tells the story of its merit. It has
won many remarkable victories over the
arch* enemy of mankind impure blood.
Be sure to get only Hood's, because
'. . - ...
M`NAUGHTON WAS
FORCED TO RESIGN
His Record at Council
Bluffs.
— — ♦—■ — ■
SCHOOL BOARD INVESTIGATED
.^_ —
DEEMED CHARGES AGAINST HIM
WELL FOUNDED.
- — a-
Important Evidence Placed in the
Hands of the Alumni of the
San Jose High. '.._.'
■ School. Lijl.___i.__i
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, July 7.— A number of -letters
were received here to-day from Council
Bluffs, lowa, which the" Normal School
Alumni Association investigation commit
tee believe are important evidence con
cerning the charges against James Mc-
Naughton, the newly elected principal ot
the*Btate Normal School.
The following letter is from Lucius
Weils of the firm of Deere. Wells & to.,
the well-known manufacturers of agri
cultural implements, of Council Bluffs,
Iowa:
John Jury and others of the Normal Alumni
Committee of San Jose: Answering yours ol
June 24, inquiring about James McNaughton.
I will say that in IS.. I was a member of the
School Board' here, and the board found the
'methods of McNaughton such that the schools
were getting into a demoralized condition and
therefore we found it necessary to demand his
resignation. - , . £
He refused to resign a-* per resolution of the
board and as a consequence we were forced to
make known certain facts which were set forth
in the petition to which you refer. Mr Mc-
Naughton never made any answer to that peti
tion but. after it was filed, re-signed his posi
tion' I happened to be one of the committee
of the board having the matter in charge after
the filing of the petition, and alter thoroughly
truest. gating I was satisfied that the charges
were all true and ample evidence had been *.<
; bj those signing the petition to prove every
Ch Of rg those who signed the petition. Hon. Wil
l.am Groneweg. William McCrary.l SB.Avlea
worth and 8. B. Wadswortb are all here, Tho
signers of the petition are all reputable c.ti
zens some of them being among the best men
_ the county. Yours truly. __ c __- s ____. .
Two other letters similar in import to
i those of Wells were received, and the
! committee expect a number of other an
; swers to letters of inquiry, which it Will
i use in preparing formal charges against
McNaughton. ■ ■
M'LEAN' WILLING TO
HEAD THE TICKET
Is a Candidate for the Democratic
Nomination for Governor
vv'i.-U--. in Ohio.
WASHINGTON. July John R. Mc-
Lean, questioned t_i-day as to whether he
would be a candidate for the Ohio Demo
cratic gubernatorial nomination, made
this statement:
"If the Democrats of Ohio give me the
nomination and my friends ask me to take
it I will accept."
While there has been much agitation
recently about the proprietor of the Cin
cinnati Enquirer being a candidate for
the Democratic nomination for Governor,
yet his friends made no open or public
declarations here until to-day.
The declarations to-day were due to re
ports sent out to the fact that Daniel Me-
Conville and other friends of Mr. Mc-
Lean were in conference here and claimed
Mr. McLean was already assured of the
nomination by the Zanesvtlle convention
next month. There are othejvcandidates
for the nomination and soma." .** *.en
have canvassed the Stale very thorough
ly. The most prominent candidate in the
field is probably Colonel James KHbourne
of Columbus..-
It is stated also that there is a move
ment for Allen W. Thurman for second
place on the national ticket with Mr.
Brvan next year, and that the candidacy
of 'Mr McLean this year for Governor
would give him such prestige as possibly
to interfere next year with Thurman for
Vice President, as well as with Kilbourne
and others this year for Governor.
Solano's Assessment.
SUISUN, July 7.— The" assessment roll of
Solano County for 1899 has been com
pleted. The amount of taxable property
is 973,533 an Increase of $506,900 as com
pared with the roll of 1898.
gWkj. ' Study
_ML Numbers.
_ai*&^sH2!^^Vi*s^_ There are many
l?^^B_^_^^:i^^^. people, women
_r_Wo'ti : si&3i ___ **$_$&_ vous <l is o rders,
t_YJs__yP >* •* sf-H««v_ Study is-
These
There are many
people, women
and men, who
suffer from ner-
v. us d i s o rders,
and who are mis-
li^Sf- -^ \i"*^T*?Ca_!y le '' as to the true
t&_TSrt( J^sW_e&_\ nature of the mal-
l( ?r>i'_'y-Jf i'^s_, ail >" on account of
- -^'S*sy_i4/ •___* the complex symp-
toms. When the •
f^^f J^pi^S^^av^i^ nervous system is
at fault, symp-
toms arise that
ar,- entirely re-
mote from the
_eat of the die. r-
der. ana this is
why people will
K-*^-.. -!_^^^S_l^ra«i doctor for stomach
trouble, heart
trouble an.l other
£v:^s^^^^^Hi^?s_S*__ disorders when in
reality it is the
*'*^ ,w * m *^__lA—*i£ nerves alone that
are at fault. This
diagram will serve
to teach you your exact condition if your nerves
are at fault. A prominent symptom is head-
I ache or dizziness (fig. 1). The headache may
Ibe throbbing or dull. Other symptoms are hol-
low eves (fig. 21. pale or sallow complexion (fig.
I 3). palpitation or fluttering of heart (fig. 41,
Impaired digestion and less of appetite (fig. 5),
weakness of limbs (fig. 6). Again, we have lm- .
aired memory, trembling, tendency to faint,
lack of energy and general weakness as promi-
| nent symptoms of nerve weakness or nervous
| exhaustion. ' __._. .- . .
_■ . D.AN is a posl-
!. *» "*" tive and permanent
MEN AND I cure for all nervous
WOMEN - disorders. HUDYAN
' ADVISED will strengthen the
FREE' I nerves. HUD.AN
rail or Write. v -' in Invigorate the
.■ail or write. entire system. Com-
I '▼' .plete nervous pros-
tration is most serious. HUDYAN will prevent
I TiimVAV will promptly overcome all the
'above .pvn.ptJ.ms. MCI-VAN Will correct con-
stlMticn HUDYAN will promote natural
L fllSn-sleet) that gives health and strength.
' mnv \n* 1" for sale by druggists; M cents a '
»d__eor -ix packages for $2 50. .
It your druggist does not keep HUDYAN
j .end direct to th-
HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
Cor. 1 Stockton, Ellis and Market Sts.,
' * SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
Pi Chichester. Isngllsh Diamond Brand* *~-
ENNYROVAL FILLS
_/_>*^v Original and Only Genuine. A
_, j/n»__^ ••r_,- »:w«ts rslUbio. i_A-.ce, aa. _^_V
__>fl__*vi_L n n*_-Ut for Chichester c Englis/i .">..- _f__
I rtMKß mi *"' Brand in Ked ___ Gold mcUlllo\\«7
™-v -^vn}l>oiei, K&lcd with bin o ri-bon. Take \£r '
•M 9^ VVJnoothen Refute danger _s sub tit- V . . .
I"I ~ jW'icns and imitation*. At DrU-^'.srii, or sendfte,
|W Zg ia starar" for particular!. IC-'ir_o_l_lj sad
\ V ta '■' Kellpf for Lcillctv," ii letter, bj return
«X [V Mail. 10,00© TMjti_.on_.l-. Kane Paper.
% «**-FChleh-»-erCSe__ic»lC , -..M(vdJ*v-n Square
• atUby-Ulwy.. Drurirt-ta. PHI_..-«r___ _>A 7
;; NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
I CO. European plan. Rooms. 60c to $1 60 day;
j $5 to $8 week; ;'- to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room: fire grates In every
room; elevator runs all night.-.
i Weak Men and Women
SHOULD* USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
"O great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 223 Market.PLANS FOR
MEDIATION AND
ARBITRATION
♦
Elaborate Agreement Under
Discussion by Peace
Delegates.
AIMS TO~CHECK WAR
_<—
Proposed Terms for the Establish- j
ment of a Permanent Court
at The Hague.
— +
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call.
++++*+++++ ++ + + 4- + 4- +
4- 4
4- LONDON', July S.— The Copen- ♦
+ hagen correspondent of the Daily ♦
+ News says that owing to the dis- 4- I
4- appointment of EmperoniNlcho- 4
-- las in the results of the Peace *f
4- Conference the position of Count *♦* ,
+ Muravieff, the Russian Foreign 4- \
4- Minister, is said to be severely 4- ]
4- shaken. "*►
4- 4
♦+ + + + ++>+ + ++ + ♦.*.
THE HAGUE. July 7.— The third
committee, sitting this morning at the
Huis Ten Bosch, discussed the scheme
for mediation and arbitration drawn up
by the Comite d'Examin. Many of the
delegates have only been acquainted
•with the proposals since yesterday, and'
they have not had time to consult their j
Governments. Consequently it was de
cided that when the committee ad
journed to-day it would be until July
17. in order to allow the delegates a •
week in which to consult their Govern- '
ments and receive final instructions. i
The scheme is headed "Draft of conven
tion for the pacific settlement of In- |
ternational conflicts." The first part I
deals with the maintenance of general j
peace; the second part with arbitra- ;
tion.
The reporter of the committee ex
plained lengthily the motives which in
spired the drafting committee in elabo
rating the heme.
M. Bourgeois, head of the French
delegation, thanked the reporter in
warm terms and congratulated him
upon his remarkable exposition. The
sitting was then adjourned until July
17.
During the discussion the plenary com
mittee amended article eight so as to pro
vide that when powers between whom
there is a serious dispute accept media
tion they cease 'all the relations in regard
to the disputed question, which shall be
considered exclusively referred to the me
diatory powers.
Three additional paragraphs regarding
the permanent court were also adopted at
the request of President Zorn of the Ger
man delegation; Count Nigra, head of the.
Italian delegation, and Sir Julian Paunce
fote. head of the British delegation, as
follows:
"Members of the permanent court
should enjoy and exercise all the func
tions of diplomatic privileges and immuni
ties. The bureau is authorized to place
its offices and organization at the disposal
of the signatory powers for the proper
exercise of any special arbitral jurisdic
tion. The. signatory powers undertake to
communicate to the bureau a copy of any
stipulation regarding arbitration decided
between them and all judgments of the
permanent court and they undertake to
communicate to the bureau the laws,
regulations and documents setting forth
the execution of judgments pronounced
by the court."
The proposed .convention without the
changes adopted to-day is as follows:
Article I— With the object of preventing, as
far as possible, recourse to force in Interna
tional relations the signatory powers agree to
use ali endeavors to effect by pacific means
settlement of differences • which may arise
among them.
Article 2— The signatory powers decide that
in cases of serious difference or conflict they
will, before appealing to arms, have recourse,
so far as circumstances will permit, to the
good office., or mediation of one or several
friendly powers.
Article .I— lndependently of this the signatory
powers deem it useful that several- of the row
err, not committed to i!.- arbitration scheme
shall, on their own initiative, offer, as far as
circumstances permit, their good offices for
mediation to the contending states. The right
of offering their good offices belongs to powers
not connected ' with the conflict, even during
the course of hostilities, which act cannot
be regarded as unfriendly.
Article i— The part of mediator . consists in
reconciling conflicting claims and appeasing re
sentment which may have arisen between con
tending states.
Article s—The5 — The functions of mediators cease
from the moment it may be stated by nne
of the contending parties Or by ■ the mediator
himself th;;- the compromise or basis of an
amicable understanding proposed 'by him has
not been accepted.
Article 6— <i..od offices and mediation have
the exclusion character of counsel and are de
void of obligatory power.
Article 7— The. acceptance of mediation, un
less otherwise stipulated, may have the effect
of interrupting the obligation of preparing for
war. If the acceptance supervenes after the
opening of hostilities It shall not Interrupt, ex
cept by a convention of contrary tenor, mili
tary operations that may be proceeding.
Article — The signatory powers agree in
recommending the application of special media
tion in the event of threatened interruption of
peace between members. Contending states
may each choose a power to which they will
entrust the mission of entering into a nego
tiation with a power chosen by the other side
with the object of preventing a rupture of
pacific relations, or In the event of hostilities,
of restoring peace.
Articles » to 14 provide tor the institution of
an international commission of inquiry for the
verification cf facts in cases of minor dis
unites not affecting the vital Interest or honor
of states but impossible of settlement !.-. or
dinary diplomacy. The report of an Inquiry
commission will not force an arbitral judgment,
leaving the ci mending parties full liberty to
either conclude an amicable arrangement on
the ba"*is of the report, or have recourse ulte
riorly to mediation or arbitration.
Articles 14 to 19 set forth the general objects
of and benefits It is hoped to derive from the
arbitration court, and declare that signing the
convention Implies, an undertaking to submit
in good faith to arbitral judgment.
Article With the object of facilitating an
immediate recourse to arbitration' for interna
tional differences not regulated by diplomatic
means the signatory powers undertake to or
ganize in the following manner a permanent
court of arbitration accessible at all times and
exercising Its functions, unless ' otherwise
stipulated between the contending parties In
conformity with i**e rules of procedure in-
serted in the present convention.
Article 21— This court is to have competency
in all arbitration cases, unless the contending
parties come to an understanding for the es
tablishment of a special arbitration jurisdic
tion.
Article 22— An international bureau establish
ed at The Hague and placed under the direc
tion of a pern:-. secretary general will
seive as the office of the court. It will be
the intermediary for communications concern
ing meetings. The court is to have . the cus
tody of archives and the management of all
administrative affairs.
Article 23— Each of the signatory' ' powers
shall appoint Within three months of the rati
fication of the present article not more than
four persons of recognized competence In ques
tions of International law. enjoying the high
est moral consideration and prepared to accept
the functions of arbitrators. The persons thus
nominated will be entered a? members of the
court on a list which will be communicated by
the bureau to all the signatory powers. Any
modification of the list will be brought by tho
bureau to the knowledge of the signatory
powers. Two or more powers may agree to
gether regarding the nomination of one or
more members and the same person may be
chosen by the different powers. Members of the
court are to be appointed for the term of six
years. The appointments are renewable. in
case of death or resignation of a member of
the court, the vacancy Is. to be Oiled in ac
cordance with the regulations made for the
original nomination.
Article 24— The signatory powers who desire
to apply to the court for a settlement of differ
ences shall select from the general list a num
ber of arbitrators, to be fixed by agreement.;
They will notify the bureau of their Intention
of applying to the court and give the named of
the arbitrators they may have selected. In
absence of a convention to the contrary, an
arbitral tribunal Is to be constituted in accord,
ance with the rules of article 31. Arbitrators
HEINE FOUNTAIN TO
BE UNVEILED TO-DAY
TRIBUTE TO
THE FAMOUS
GERMAN POET
END OF MUCH STRIFE
— • —
After All the Controversy in Europe
Over the Memorial It Is Finally
Erected in New York.
— ♦ —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"IT EW . YORK,, July 7.— Amid a
\ chorus of 1200 trained voices
NEW Heine memorial fountain
chorus of 1200 trained voices
the Heine memorial fountain
1 will be unveiled at the intersec
tion ,of the Concourse, Mott
avenue and One Hundred and Sixty
first street, Borough of Bronx, at 4
o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The
memorial is. the result of a suggestion
of the murdered Empress Elizabeth of
Austria, who was a great admirer of
the German poet. It is of Tyrolean
marble. •
The tale of the Heine fountain has
become a cause celebre in Germany and
the United States. Innocent as it may
100k — for what can be more innocent
than a figure of Lorelei, the nymph of
the Rhine, and a trio of mermaids
chastely draped in fish nets? it has
roused hatreds that have their roots in
the remote past and put life into sneers
that were started in the middle*, ages
and challenged dogged prejudices that
belong to the history of Prussia as the
barnacle adheres to the'wreck, and in
jected into the pleasant discussions of
esthetics the venom of religious intol
erance and socialistic strife. The rabies
of religious, social and national ques
tions has made it impossible to ap
proach the Heine fountain calmly and
judge it on its merits as a work of art,
for any one who undertook that method
was met by a perfect whirlwind of sus
picions and insults, as if the excited
supporters of its cause could not be
lieve that everybody else was not in
fected by the prejudices which, alas,
did make their appearance in more
quarters than one.
The trouble began with the twofold
objection to Henri Heine as a writer
who scourged not only Prussia but all
Germany with whips of scorpions and
assailed as only a clever Hebrew can
assail the- Christians. It is true that
he directed his poisonous stings also
against the Jews, his own race; so
much so that many Jews, while proud
of the luster he conferred on their race,
have never forgiven him for the insults
directed against their most cherished
Ideas and habits. But their opposition
was not active. The national feeling of
the Germans, outraged by the satirist,
and the hatred of the Catholics, rein
forced by the dislike of a man aroused
who spoke far from indistinctly in fa
vor .if the Socialists, were powerful
enough to put a veto on a monument
to Heine within the limits of the em
pire.
The murdered Empress of Austria,
with all her influence as a German
Princess and Austrian Queen-mother,
I thus nominated to form an arbitral tribunal for
: a matter or question will meet on the date
fixed for the contending parties.
Article 25— The tribunal will usually sit P.t
I The Hague, but may sit elsewhere by consent
i of the contending powers.
Article 26— The powers not signing the con
vention may apply to the court under the con
ditions prescribed by the present convention.
Article 27- The signatory powers may con
' sider it their duty to call attention to the
existence of a permanent court to any of thrir
triends between whom a conflict is threatened,
' which must always be regarded as a tender
of good offices. .
Article 28 — A permanent council, composed ot
< the diplomatic representatives Of the signatory
powers residing at The Hague, and the Nether
i lands Foreign Minister, who will exercise the
functions of president, will be instituted at
The Hague as soon as possible after the ratifi
cation of the present act.
The council will be charged to establish and
J organize the international bureau, which will
I remain under its direction and control. The.
■ council will notify the powers of the constitu
tion of the court and arrange its installation,
draw up the standing orders and other neces
sary regulations, will decide on the questions
likely to arise in regard to the working of the
tribunal, have absolute powers concerning the
appointment, suspension or dismissal of func
tionaries or employes, will fix the emoluments
and salaries and control the general expendi
ture The presence of five members at duly
convened meetings will constitute a quorum.
Decisions are to be taken by a majority of the
votes The council will address annually to the
'■ signatory powers a report on the labors of the
court, the working of its administrative services
and of its expenditure. *
Article The expenses of the bureau are to
: be borne by the signatory powers In the pro
portion fixed for the. international bureau of
: the Universal Postal Union:
Article The powers who accept arbitration
i will sign a special act, clearly defining the ob
ject of the dispute as well ps the scope of the
arbitration. The powers* acts confirm the
underworking of the parties to submit in good
: faith to the arbitration judgment.
Article 31— Arbitration functions may he con
: ferred upon a single arbitrator or on several
arbitrators designated by the parties at their
discretion, or chosen from among the members
of the permanent court established by the pres
ent act Unless otherwise decided, the forma
tion of the arbitration tribunal is to be effected
as follows: X.eh party will appoint two
arbitrators who will choose a chief arbitrator.
In case of a division the selection is to be
intrusted to a third power, whom the parties
will designate, if an agreement is not effected
in this manner, each party is to designate
i a different power, and the choice of a chief
: arbitrator is to devolve upon them.
Article 32 When an arbitrator is a sovereign
or head of a state, the arbitral procedure de
pends exclusively on his august decision.
Article 33— Th« chief arbitrator is president de
'jure. When the tribunal does not contain a
chief of arbitration the tribunal may appoint
its own president. He may be designated by
the contending parties, or, failing this, by the
arbitration tribunal.
Articles 34 to SO provide for the appointment
i of councilors, the selection of the languages to
\ be employed and the rules of procedure in .the
court, whose sittings are to be behind closed
doors
Article 51- A judgment agreed to by a ma
! jority vote is to be set forth in writing, giving
the full reasons, and Is to be signed by each
! member, the minority recording its dissent and
j signing it.
Articles 52 and f.3 .The decision of the court
| is to be read at a public sitting in the presence
| of the agents or counsel of the contending par
ties, who shall finally decide the matter at Issue
and close the arbitration proceedings.
The concluding clauses relate to the revision
: of proceedings in the case of the discovery of
a new fact, and provide that each power bear
its own expenses and agreed share of the cost
i of the tribunal without prejudice to the penal
ties imposed.
The review of the troops this morning
was attended by the military 'delegates
to the conference, who were specially in
vited to be present.
Wanted in Chicago.
MARYSVILLE, July 7.— Sergeant J. J.
Brown of Chicago's detective force ar
rived in Marysville on the noon train to
day to take into custody Dr. Henry R.
Wilson, who was arrested by Sheriff Bev
an in this city a week ago on an indict
ment from Chicago charging the theft of
a trunk and its contents, valued at- $500.
The officer will not start on the return
trip until next week. The prisoner is very
anxious to be returned, as he claims he
can clear himself when he reaches Chi
cago- -
THE SAjST FBANCISCO CALL^ SATURDAY, JULY 8, lß9ff_
I' Figure Typifying the Lyric Genius of Heine at Base of Fountain.
was not able to break down the ob
stinate refusal of Dusseldorf, Hamburg
and Frankfort to see a memorial of
Heine erected in cities once the h"'r>^
of the poet. Why not place it in Paris*,
they asked, since Heine deliberately
made a Frenchman of himself, accepted
a pension from the French Government
and employed his leisure in writing
philippics against his own from the
safe vantage of the capital of the he
reditary foe? Perhaps because Pari?
would have rejected the monument, not
for the reason that she disliked Heine,
but because she might not care for just
this kind of sculpture. At any rate, the
great rejected was proposed for New
York, and a. very handsome sum wa?
quickly raised in this city for its pur
chase and erection.
But there were objections raised. In
the endeavor to keep down the number
of public sculptures not of the first
quality, which threaten to debase the
average in New York beyond enduring,
this fountain. was voted not quite up to
the desired mark and rejected on this
side of the Atlantic. Then the warfare
between the partisans of the fountain
and their opponents began in earnest
and was waged long and fiercely. Fin
ally, however, the ooposing factions as
sumed a more peaceful mood and it was
decided to permit the fountain to be
erected in the Borough of the Bronx,
where it will have about it trees, flow
ers and grass. It stands as the result
of a compromise between the contend
ing parlies, the opposition having with
drawn its untenable argument that as
a monument it is unworthy of a pub
lic place, its friends having retired
from their demand that it shall occupy
one of the few most desirable spots in
the city for a memorial.
OIL TO BE USED
ON THE STREETS
Will Supplant Water at
Santa Barbara.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, July ..-Santa Bar
bara streets will hereafter be sprinkled
j with oil. The Board of Supervisors has
! decided to do away with the old style of
j using water to settle the dust and claims
it has solved the problem of turning bad
' roads into good ones and keeping them in
proper condition with less expense, at the
same. time making it easier for teams to
j haul heavy loads. The oil used is crude
petroleum mined at Summerland. With
two • sprinklings in a morula's time the
roads will have a hard surface similar to
asphaltum and the cost to the county will
be only about $2. a month. Applied twice
each month the oil keeps the dust down
better than water applied twice each day.
The most sandy roads will become hard
and firm under this treatment.
Colonel Deaderick of Carperiteria was
the first to try the experiment, lie started
by using the sand around the oil wells
and finally concluded that crude oil would
be as good, if not better. It proved suc
cessful, turning roads that were impass
able ,to hard and firm highways. On the
i Fourth of July the Supervisors, escorted
j by Colonel Deaderick, inspected the work
I done on the roads in his district. They
were surprised and delighted, and the
j more they, inspected the more enthusiastic
I they became.
Large storage tanks will be erected
i along the railroad, and oil can be shipped
I from Summerland. a distance of six
miles, at very low cost. The Supervisors
I of each district will supply the necessary
j apparatus and in a short t.me oil will he
the only dust settler used. It will be es
pecially beneficial to the wheelmen, who
contemplated introducing a resolution for
.' a bicycle path from this city to Carpen
j terla. This plan was abandoned as soon
as oil was. introduced.
GRAIN SACKS STOLEN.
Thousands Confiscated by Thieves in
. Yolo County. .
WOODLAND. July 7.— Grain sack
thieves have commenced their depreda
tions in Yolo County and they are operat
ing on a larger scale than ever before. Al
Bourne' has lost 1200. Benjamin Ely has
lost 1000 and other farmers report the loss
cf smaller lots. Several farmers report
the loss of small lots of grain.
It has been discovered that the stolen
sacks were sold in Sacramento. One of
the suspected, men is now in ; the Sacra
• mento jail. His accomplice. Henry Heintz,
! made his escape into Yolo County. lie
was traced to Elkhorn. thence to Wood
land. He arrived here early this morning.
; At this point the officers lost the trail, but
j they expect to pick it up again soon.
There seems to he no doubt that Heintz
j will soon be landed in jail.
YUBA COUNTY CROPS.
Splendid Outlook for Owners of Grain
Fields and Orchards.
MARYSVILLE. July 7.— The harvest is
! now well under way and from various
' parts of Yuba and Sutter counties come
! reports of good yields of grain, in 1 most
cases better than was expected. Summer
fallow wheat Is averaging from ten to
fourteen sacks per acre and winter-sown
j from six to ten sacks. The quality is j
j good, the wheat weighing heavier than j
Lorelei Surmounting Heine <
Fountain. , ■ *
r-<t.-a- <$>-a~<&-a-<s~a~<s~a- <*"> -a-s~a~i
lin the average season. Barley is making
! a good yield and will soon he all har*.
vested.
The manager of the Haywards cannery
has been in this vicinity for some time
and this week he contracted for the fol
lowing crops of cling peaches: Giblin
Bros, of Yuba City. 200 tons; J. S. John
son of Marcuse, ISO tons; Marcuse orchard,
150 tons; besides smaller lots. The price
has not been made public, but it is in the
neighborhood of $40 per ton.
Contrary to reports; the Sutter Canning
and Packing Company has not entered
the combine. The superintendent. Mr.
Pratt, set a price on the plant which the
combine thought too high.
One of the best sales of pears noted this
season in this i vicinity is that made by
Julian Trembly, the veteran grower, who
has disposed of his entire crop of Bart
letts at $50 a ton. He has a large crop
and they are choice in every respect, just \
the thing for canning.
OPPOSE ASSESSMENT
OF GOVERNMENT BONDS
Los Angeles Savings Bank Officials
Declare It Will Cause Loss to
Depositors.
LOS ANGELES, July 7.— The officials of
tip- various savings banks of the city are
much disturbed over the action of the city
and county Assessors in having added
1140,000 worth of government bonds to th«
list of taxable property. Of this amount
$59,212 50 belongs to the Columbia Savings
Bank, ■ the German-American Savings
Bank owns $50,000 of these bonds and the
Southern California Savings Bank $32,000.
The presidents of these banks are deter
mined to light the assessments. They say
that if the assessment is allowed to stand
and they are forced to pay the tax they
will have either to stop doing business in
Los! Angeles or else they will have to de
crease the rate of interest paid to depos
itors.
The bank officials do not deny that they
tried to avoid paying taxes on the money
invested in the bonds, which are usually
considered non-taxable. They deny, how
ever, that they tried to evade the law.
They claim that the purchase of the
bonds is a legitimate and regular business
transaction, the element of profit in which
was to be the money saved from the Tax
Collector.
HYNENEAL RECIPROCITY.
STOCKTON. July 7.— Reciprocity of
ministerial services will mark the per
formance of the marriage ceremony of
Rev. Henry A. Fisk of San Francisco and
Miss Clotilde- Grunsky of this city next
Wednesday. Yesterday, at the residence
of Dr. Frisbie in San Francisco. Professor
D. A. Mohley and Miss Mabel "Barrows,
both of this city. were united in marriage
| by Rev. Mr. Fisk. a warm friend of the
i groom. Next Wednesday Professor Mob
, ley,, who is also an ordained minister of
| the Presbyterian church, will, perform a
i similar service for his friend. Both of tho
; brides have been schoolteachers of Stock
ton. Professor Mobley has just retired
j from the principalship of the Stockton
'. High School and will continue in school
work here next year, having last evening
been elected" to i a good position by the
Board of Education.
Fifteen Hundred Pickers Wanted.
MARYSVILLE, July Hop growers of
Wheatland advertise in the local papers
for 1500 pickers to-work in their yards dur
ing the season, which will open on August
7. Families will be given preference. All
desiring employment should write at once
to Horst Brothers and have their names
enrolled.
Marysville's Health Officer.
MARYSVILLE, July 7.— the forty
eighth ballot last night the City Council
elected W. G. Murphy, the veteran attor
ney, to the position of Health Officer, to
succeed F. B. Crane, who resigned on ac
count of falling health.
SENDING OF
OFFICERS TO
SOUTH AFRICA
It Causes Some Pertinent
Questions to Be Asked
in the Commons.
balfodrTs" evasive
■ — —
But the Government Leader Admits .
That Great Britain Is Not .
Taking Any Chances.
■ — — .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. _ LONDON, July 7.— lh the House of
Commons to-day Sir William Camp-.
bell-Bannermann, Liberal leader in the'
House, asked the Government leader.
Mr. Balfour, if he had any statement
to make on the apparently official com
munication published in the Times to
day giving the names of a number of
officers said to"*» have been ordered to
proceed to South Africa for the pur
pose of organizing the residents as well j
as the police and local forces at various
points on the frontier.
Mr. Balfour replied that he was not !
awafe that it was an official communi- j
cation. He added that no contingency
had yet arisen which, in the opinion of
j the Government, necessitated a ma
terial increase in the forces now in
South Africa.
He added: "Wey however, think it
necessary, under the existing circum
stances, to take such steps as may
i bring the present force- up to the j
proper standard of efficiency and mo
i bility. The War Office would have been
extraordinarily wanting in its most
obvious duties if it was not prepared
for any emergency."
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman re- •
joined: "It is not with regard to bring
ing the present force to a proper stand
ard of efficiency that I wish to inquire,
but as to the paragraph which appears
as an official communication."
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman then
read the following extract already ca
bled to the Associated Press:
"The commander-in-chief has been
engaged in completing the composition
and organization of larger forces which
will be necessary to dispatch should the
negotiations with the Transvaal fail."
"It is in regard to this statement of
j the Times," he continued, "which is ap
: parently a new declaration of Govern
ment policy, that I wish to inquire." ,
(Opposition cheers.)
Mr. Balfour replied: "I do not think
there is any new declaration of policy
! in that paragraph, but I conceive that
I the- War Office would be extraordinarily
'. wanting in its most ordinary and ob
vious duties if it were not prepared for
I any emergency, however undesirable |
| and however unlikely, that could possi- !
j bly arise." (Ministerial cheers.)
Henry Labouchere, Radical mem
ber for Northampton, asked whether
j the officers spoken of in the communi
cation as going to South Africa were
going into Cape Colony and Natal to
organize the police and local forces,
I and if so whether it was with consent
; of the colonial authorities there.
Mr. Balfour replied he did not know.
Commander George Richard Bethell,
Conservative member for the Holder
ness division c*f Yorkshire, said: "Would
the gentleman say in what circum
stances the special service of officers
Is likely to be employed and against
what enemies of the Queen?"
Mr. Balfour replied: "My honorable
friend is quite as competent a prophet
as I am. and it will require a prophet
to answer for contingencies that may
arise."
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
California Postmasters Appointed
and Several Changes in the
State's Postal System.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— The following
California postmasters were appointed
to-day: ' Paul Morris, Chinese Camp,
Tuolumne County, vice Joseph T. Mc-
Adams. resigned; Charles H. Dickenson,
Lumpkin, Butte County, vice Christian
Anderson, resigned: Albert Brown, Veter
ans' Home, Napa County, vice John H.
Vanclief, resigned.
The special postal service between Vlsa
lia, Exeter and Soledad and Paralso
Springs, Cal., will be discontinued after
July 15.
The postoffice at College Park. Santa
Clara County, has been made part of the
postoffice of San Jose, and will be known
as sub-station No. 1. This order takes
effect August 1. *• V-
Army orders— By direction of the Assist
ant Secretary of War, the following en
listed men now at stations designated
after their respective names are trans
ferred to the Signal Corps. United States
army: As a first-class private. Corpora.
George J. Young, Battery N. Third United
States Artillery, Angel Island; as second
class privates. Privates Robert XV. Wil
liams and Marion T. Mitchell. Battery N.
Third United States Artillery. Angel Isl
and; Privates John W. Cusicfc and Arthur
C. Birk. Battery D, Third United States
Artillery, San Diego Barracks. The sol
diers thus transferred will be sent to San
Francisco and will report upon their ar
rival to the commanding general of the
department, who will furnish them trans
portation to the Philippines. Unon their
arrival they will report to the command
ing general. Department of the Pacific,
for assignment to duty.
Major Willard S. H. Matthews, surgeon
United States Volunteers. Is relieved from
further duty at the general hospital. San
Francisco, and will proceed without delay
to the Philippines and. report in person
to the commanding general. Department
of the Pacific, for assignment to duty.
Post Quartermaster Sergeant Alexander
Goehr, former sergeant of Battery L,
Third United States Artillery, now at Ma
lolos, P. 1.. will report to the command
ing general. Department of the Pacific,
for assignment to duty. Private Reginald
Wbollett, hospital corps. Manila, has been
discharged from the service of the United
States. -U;'v._ .__..—, •!■•.
Pensions: California, original—
S Hogohoom. Los Angeles, $6. Renewal*
, and reissue— Joseph Schnorrenberg, San
Francisco, $.. Increase— Hop
kins, College Park, $. to $8: Noble D. ,
Rood, Santa Barbara. $14 to $1.. Original,
widows, etc.— Kathleen Lnckensteln, San
Francisco, SS. • 
Oregon: Increase— John Sanders, Wolf
Creek. $6 to $8. - -•■ _
"Washington: Original— Edward Noel,
Jaques, New Whatcom, $0.
*m, «
THREATENED A LAWYER.
Ex-Constable Coschina Under Arrest
at San Jose. ;v.
SAN JOSE, July 7.— Ex-Constable Mat
Coschina was arrested to-day for having
threatened to kill Attorney W. M. Beggs.
He was subsequently released on $1000
ball. His preliminary examination will be
held to-morrow. The trouble grows out
of an attachment served by Coschina a
couple of years ago while Constable. In
the trial of the suit the attachment was
set aside and judgment was given against
Coschina and became a lien against the
latter's property, although indemnity had
been given to protect the officer. For
some time Coschina has been preparing
to go to Angels Camp, and he had ar
ranged to borrow $1200 on his property, but
could not do so until this lien was re
leased. • ■
Beggs is attorney for J. O. Hickey. who
holds the lien. Yesterday Coschina went
to Beggs and told him. his wife was seri
ously ill from worry over the affair and
if she died he would kill Beggs. Hence the
warrant.
Attorney Beggs. on the other hand, has
bought a revolver and declares he will
shoot Coschina should Coschina show his
head in his office. 'r;:A
GENEROSITY OF
BRAVE PICQUART
Will Give to Dreyfus a Sword
of Honor Preserved to
¥ I • " 1_"
Himself.
9 NEW YORK, July 7.— The Sun's cable from Rennes says: Dr. Fer- ©
\_\ rand of the War Office has arrived here. He will attend Dreyfus during jg
_\ his trial, which will begin on August 10. it
O Colonel Picquart writes that he will offer to Dreyfus the sword of Q
*•*? honor which has' been presented to him by the citizens of Budapest. *$
#gaggg-.»crasttffag*ffg**^^
FAILS TO TORN IN
LICENSE MONEYS
Napa's Marshal Short in
r His Accounts.
— • — ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA .felly 7. --For several weeks ru
mors have been afloat concerning.irregu
larities in the City Marshal's methods of
doing business. Official notice was taken
of the matter when at the last meeting of
the City Counßl in June Mr. Jaensc!i,
chairman of the Finance Committee, an
nounced that the Marshal's reports had
not been made and filed each quarter, as
provided by law, for the last few years.
The Finance Committee was at this meet
ing instructed to make an investigation.
At the first meeting in June a new fi
nance Committee was organized, and that
committee first carefully examined City-
Treasurer Thompson's books and found
that they had been accurately and neatly
kent _that the figures tallied with ttw
cash on hand. The committee then turned
its attention to City Marsha P^aigueaus
books, to discover that that official was
short in his accounts on June 1. M». m
the sum of 11697. some shortage dating
_._ far back as 1.94; that the total balance
due the city up to July 1. 1899 (not includ
ing returns made for licenses collected
Ju nef was $2007. Since such finding the
Marshal had paid into the city treasury
$945. The license money not turned over
in 1894 and from that date forward is for
KflKfilSSSi 1897 Chaigneau failed to
turn over the money for twelve "Cens"
collected from the Bank of Napa (which
institution pays $40 per quarter). The
stubs are in the book, but the money an-
ring to them is not in the city a
strong box. So far as the committee can
ascertain no returns have been made for
licenses collected from hackmen, draymen
and expressmen doing business in Napa.
The Finance Committee is assisted in
its investigations, which are by no means
yet complete, by City Attorney York and
City Treasurer Thompson. . .
Marshal Chaigneau was seen with ref
erence to the shortage this morning, He
said the irregularities had occurred in his
larger license collections during the last
two years; that he was something like
$1500 behind when he turned in $900 last
month— s3oo of the amount applying on
collections previously made— that he was
possibly $1200 behind now. but fully In
tended to make most of it good by the
next meeting of the City Council. He has
some property in San Francisco that he
hopes to realize on and does not want his
bondsmen disturbed. i
HENRY LEFEVRE DIES
AFTER BRIEF ILLNESS
Was General Agent of the Pacific
Mail at Panama and One of the
Oldest Americans There.
Special Table to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PANAMA. July 7.— Henry Lefevre. gen
eral agent here of the Pacific Mail Steam
ship Company, died ' to-day, after a few
days' illness from broncho-pneumonia.
Deceased was one of the oldest and most
respected among the American citizens
here. He had resided in this city since
IS6_ and had been for more than thirty
years in the service of the. Pacific Mail
1 Steamship Company here and on the coast
in various capacities. The funeral this
! afternoon was largely attended by natives,
foreign residents and the American col
ony which especially held him in great
esteem. As a mark of respect all the
steamers in the bay displayed flags at
half-mast. ■ , . __
Mr Lefevre was 58 years old. He was
1 born on the Isle of Jersey of an old Hu
guenot family, which fled from France to
' England at the time of the revocation of
the edict of Nantes. He arrived in the
: United States at an early age and served
during the War of the Rebellion in the
paymaster's department of the Union
navy. At the close of the war he went to
Central and South America as the repre
sentative of a New York syndicate of
capitalists. He settled in Panama and I
was next to the oldest American resident of
that place. He leaves a widow and seven
children, including four sons, the eldest of
' whom is a writer of note. The second son
i is a prominent mining engineer and the
third son controls the telephone conces
sion of Panama. Mr. Lefevre was one of
the intimate friends of De Lesseps of
Panama canal fame, and was actively
identified with that project.
AFTER THE BULLY HILL MINES
Captain de la Mar's Proposed Invest
ment in Shasta County.
REDDING, July 7.— lt is. reported here
that Captain de la Mar is negotiating for
the Bully Hill copper mines in this coun
ty, owned by James Sallee. The $250,000
bond* on the property held by L. A. Scow
den. a New York mining promoter, ex
pired on the Ist of July, and it is an
nounced Sallee will not renew the bond
to Scowden. About a month before the
expiration of the bond an expert named
Bulla, representing the Utah millionaire
mine owner, made a visit of inspection
to Copper City in the interest of Captain
de la Mar. but as hard feelings existed, it
is said, between Bulla and Scowden, the
latter refused to allow Bulla to enter .the
mine during the life or the Scowden op
tion. It is now said Sallee has raised the
price of the Bully Hill property to $350.
--000—the same figure at which the Iron
Mountain mine was sold, and in which
Sallee held a third interest. A German
syndicate is making overtures for the
Bully Hill property.
A. W. Robinson of the engineering de
partment of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at .Sacramento made. a special trip
to the Copper City country a few days
ago. presumably to ascertain the feasi
bility of a branch railroad from the main
line. The Bully Hill mines are an im
mense smelting proposition, carrying cop
per, gold and silver.
OBDONTUNDER!
We know ycu have been severely shocked by electricity.
We know you have felt the evil effects of gas. We realize that you have paid dearly
for the administration of chloroform, ether and other anaesthetics, none of which
have given universal satisfaction. Why nut discard the whole lot. and adopt some-
thing up to date. Beware of students and men running dental parlors who have no
license to practice. . Of late we have seen numerous cases where teeth have been
destroyed and mouths disfigured for life, and have the names of these unfortunate
people on file in our - office, also the fakers who performed the work. We can sub-
mit to you at our office a list of the unlawful practitioners, so you may be protected
against these fakers. For the purpose of introducing our painless dentistry we
quote below a few prices to induce you to try our methods. PRICE LIST FOR 80
DAYS, commencing June 17: ■■-...■-.- "V."V-: •
EXTRACTION. 250: CROWNS, 52.00 to $10.00,
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. SOc: PLATES. *3.00 to 512.50:
FILLINGS. 25c; REMOVABLE BRIDGEWORK. $3.00 per Tooth.
DR. R. L. WALSH, 8152 GEARY ST., Bst. Hyde ani Larkin.
Office hours, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m.
CONCESSIONS ARE
MADE BY FRANCE
Additional Space at the
Paris Exposition.
— • —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
: CHICAGO. July 7— Commissioner Gen
eral Peck is elated at the feeling of tha
French Government and of the exposi
tion officials at Paris toward the United
States. He has just received an official
cablegram from the Minister of Public
Works, through Embassador Cambon,
stating that the right to construct a pier
landing at the United States building has
been granted.
This has been a matter of negotiation
for eight months and there were serious
difficulties to overcome, and Peck feels
largely indebted to Embassador < 'amhon
for the result. He is also in receipt to
day of a cable from the assistant com
missioner general announcing that a
special area of 10,000 square feet has been
set apart for an American limited rail
road train, which he thinks will reflect
great credit upon the American display.
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
has agreed to aid in the construction or
the forestry building and will send logs
to Paris of a diameter that will make
a startling exhibition. The area, for the
life-saving service station has beer.
doubled by the liberality of the French
officers, and every other concession that
has been asked since the return of the
commissioner general last May has been,
granted by the French people.
The space diagrams in many of the de
partments are completed and are being
sent out to the exhibitors for their defi
nite approval. .
FAITH IN THE COLUMBIA.
Veteran Joel Ellsworth Praises the
New Cup Defender.
NEW YORK. July 7.— Captain Joel Ells
worth, who' steered the Puritan and May
flower to victory against the Genesta and
Galatea, respectively, says:
"The Columbia is a fine boat and I'm
sure she can beat the Defender in the
end. but not with those sails. The claw
topsail and jib are no good in windward
work, and that is the work that tells In.
a race. You mark my words, as soon as
her sails set as well as the Defender's
'she will outsail her."
"How many minutes do you believe the
Columbia can beat the Defender in a*
thirty-mile race, when she is in proper
trim?" was asked. : -
"Judging from Thursday's performance,
I should say that the Columbia can beat
her from five to eight minutes. From all
the reports I have read I do not find any
that she could beat the Defender running
free. I understand it now. Both are deep
draft boats and there is no reason why
she should go faster free, but depth does
not count in the windward work, for she
probably draws more than the Defender."
TRIAL OF THE SHAMROCK.
Preparations for the Race Are Not
Being Hurried.
SOUTHAMPTON. July 7.— lnterest in
the Shamrock's trial has been greatly in
creased by the authenticated report that
Emperor William is sending his yacht
Meteor to participate- in the trials ex
pected to take place early next week. Sir
Thomas Lipton said in an Interview with
a representative of the Associated Press
this afternoon:
"The Shamrock is preparing as fast as
possible, but there is a lot to be done yet.
We may be able to stretch her sails to
morrow evening, and she should be ready
on Tuesday or "Wednesday, but we are
not going to unduly hurry or leave South
ampton precipitately." ■:■_'■'
The trials will be over a measured
course. If the Shamrock takes a spin to
morrow she will be escorted by the Erin,
with a distinguished party, and by the
Iverna. Mr. Jameson is expected here to
night.
Leon Defeats Cabrilliac.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 7.— Casper Leon,
the New York bantam-weight, to-night re
ceived the decision over Frank Cabrilliac
of this city in the eighteenth round of
what was scheduled to have been a twen
ty-round bout. The battle was before the
West End Athletic Club. A knock-out
being imminent in the eighteenth round
Cabrilliac's seconds threw up the sponge.
Protection of Pheasants.
SUISUN. July Under Sheriff Robin
son and E. J. Okell. prominent sportsmen,
are making efforts to bring Mongolian
pheasants into Solano County. The Board
of Supervisors has introduced an- ordin
ance for the protection of pheasants and
providing punishment for violations.
Juvenile Handball Players.
Phil Ryan, the owner of the San Fran
! Cisco handball court at 858 Howard street,
' has offered a gold medal to the winning
team consisting of the young athletes
| who entered as juvenile players last
' March. Out of the entries J. White. M.
I Maguire. J. Collins and E. Curley proved
: the most proficient in the class. These
i four will now contest for the gold medal.
• White and Maguire will play against Col
lins and Curley. The first brush will come
j off on Sunday at the Howard-street court,
I the best three out of five games of twen
ty-one aces to be declared the winner.
' None of the boys are over eighteen years
I of age. and from the manner in which
' they can get about after a hopping ball
I some good play may be expected. The
j other entries for Sunday are:
. J. Dowllng and R. Housman vs. P. Ryan,
and M. Basel). -A ~ r _ -
P. Foley and J. Klrby vs. D. Regan and E.
A. Whiteman and J. Glynn vs. E. White and
j t> Refirli
P. Hutchinson and M. Dillon vs. P. Kelly
and G. Hutchinson. '_]■' _ r "-" '
D. Rodgers and M. McDonald vs. M. McNeil
and G. McDonald. .—_._, '_:-
J. Riordon and E. Maloney vs. J. Harlow and
! E. Toy. _ , ,
A. Hampton and M. J. Kilgallon vs. R. Line
; hah and T. F. Bonnet. .' L .
34
FRANKLIN TUNNEL ON THE VALLEY ROAD
IS NEARING COMPLETION.
PINOLE, July —Less than -.0 feet of bench remains to be cut through to complete the Franklin tunnel, on
the line of the Valley Road, between Stockton and Point Richmond. The headings v.-ere pierced through
this morning, leaving only the _______ work within the tunnel to be done.
The tunnel is 5700 feet in length, and work was put through by Foley Bros. & Muir, contractors of
St- Paul. •
The photograph shows the eastern face and approach to the tunnel.
Work is progressing splendidly all along the line. Eleven hundred feet en tunnel No. 2 has been put through,
leaving only a little more to be worked out. The entire length of 1300 feet on tunnel No 5 has been completed,
and all that remains now to be done is to timber that portion of it that has not reads got the sticks up. On
tunnel Ner. 1 there is only 400 feet left and on No. 3 all there is to prevent its entire completion is lack of ready
timber.
Since the Southern Pacific prohibited the sale of liquor on its roads ere has been some speculation as to
the action the Valley Road people would take on the same matter In respect to their own line. When seen yes
terday they refused to discuss the sale of liquor on their road further than to say that as they were not liquor
merchants they would probably sell nothing in that line. This may be construed either as a subterfuge to avoid
the question or as a left-handed way of stating that when the road is completed and in active operation it will
be run in a strictly temperate manner, and that when its employes, overcome by the heat of the interior, are
const" by a Sahara-like thirst, they will either slake it at the nearest water tank or bear their trouble with
patience and fortitude.
EDITORS ELECT
NEW OFFICERS
R. H. Henry Is Chosen
President.
—a
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Or.. July 7.— The National ;
Editorial Association elected officers, se- '
lected New Orleans as the next place of
meet-itg -. adjourned sine die. During
the next four days the editors will visit
points of interest in Oregon, and on Tnes- '
day night will leave for home over the :
Canadian Pacific Railroad, stopping en
route .1 Tacoma and Seattle
Following are the officers electee: j
President, R. H. Henry of Jackson, Miss.; j
first vice president. Matt Parrott Of !
Waterloo, Iowa: second tee president, i. !
B. Bail's of ClebouiT.e. '-->--; third vice,
president. Albert Tozier cf Portland, Or.
corresponding secretary. J. M. Page r_ ;
Jersewiile, 1IL; recording secretary. R.
M White of Mexico, Mo., and treasurer, |
James G. Gibbs of Norwalk, Ohio.
SUDDEN DEATH OF
THOMAS B. HENLEY;
Bound Valley Capitalist Stricken by
Heart Diseass at
Dayton
' COYELO. July 7.— News of the sudden
death of Thomas B. Henley, brother of
Barclay Henley, reached Round Valley
by telephone at 10 o'clo'ck this morning.
Mr Henley was en route to the interior of
tho county en a business trio and was j
compelled to remain over night at Lay
tonville owing to a sudden affection ot the
heart Restoratives were administer.*!
and he lingered during the night and was
apparently in a fair way to recovery lhis
morning, when he suddenly collapsed and \
expir*" d. •■ "
"Mr Henley wts a man of noble cbarac- j
ter and a wealthy pioneer of this county.
Born in Indiana in ISSo. he came to tho
Golden State in 1-54. In l>&> he became |
the first Commissioner of Indian Affairs
In the- State. Later he was officially em
ployed-in the Postoffice in San Francisco
under his father's administration there
as Postmaster. In 1863 he went to North
ern Mexico and remained during the Max- j
imilian occupation of that country, re- j
turn-:, In ISTO to Round Valley b.cause
of its pleasant and healthful climate. Mr.
Henley leaves a large estate, comprising
thousands of acres of stock raising land.
He married Miss Bigelow. daughter of
Judge Bigelow, in 1874. The widow and
five children survive him. Interment will
take place at Covc-lo on Sunday at 2 p. m. i
CANAL COMMISSION
WILL GO TO PARIS
Sub-Committee Intends to Examine
the Plans of the Panama
- Company.
■WASHINGTON. July 7.— A part of the
Isthmian Canal Commission will take a,
trip to Paris before a personal inspection
of the two canal routes is made.
At a meeting to-day it was, decided that
the original record of the Panama Canal
Company ought to be examined as a -pre
liminary to an investigation of the canal
routes. "Accordingly Rear Admiral Walker.
Colonel Ernest and Messrs. Morrison and
Burr as a sub-committee having charge
of this branch of the work, will start abou*
August*! for Paris, where they will spend
a month or so in goiner over plans, papers,
etc., of the Panama ''anal Company.
The company offered to furnish the com
mission with copies of any papers desired,
but the commission decided that more
satisfactory results could be obtained by
going direct to Paris. Before going abroad
the commission will complete the organi
zation of special surveying parties, which
they desire to put in the field as early as
Possible. _ __
Ice Expensive at Redding.
REDDING. July 7.— A rise In the price
of ice was one of the first acts of the
local ice manufacturing plant after ab
sorbing the branch supply depot and the
agency of the Union' lee Company in this
city. For several years the' two concerns
were at war. the natural ice company re
ducing the price of its frozen product to
45 cents a hundred. while the local fac
tory maintained a 75-cent rate, and en-
Joyed nearly all the business at that. The
war was ended ten days ago by the local
factory buying out the natural Ice agency.
This is perhaps the first incident on re
cord in which a private enterprise has
swallowed a branch of a big monopoly.
The raise in price so far affects only the
small consumer.
Marysville's Constable.
MARTS VILLE, July 7.— The Supervisors
have elected" W. D. Kenyon Constable of
Marysville, to succeed C. C, Kelser. who
resigned. .-•_.--'_■.-*-■■-■'-_-■';' -• . ,
SERIOUS STAGE IN
BOUNDARY DISPUTE
Fresh Instructions Sent
to Choate.
——a
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. WELLING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. July 7.—
The official admission is made at the State
Department that the Alaskan boundary
negotiations have reached a very serious
stage.
Fresh instructions were forward* to
Embassador Choate to-day, but their na
ture will not be divulged by the ithori
ties. All that can be said with positive
ness _ that the United State, has not
withdrawn an inch from its proposition
to place the boundary line on the Dalton'
Trail two miles inland from the village
of Kluckwan, and that it will not do sc.
As Canada is urging ..Irea! Britain not to
relinquish Its demand for the establish
ment of the line between the village and
the »re, it is evident that a deadlock
has been practically reached.
Just what will be done in order to reach
an agreement the authorities are unwill
ing fa say. Negotiations for arbitration
in the spring failed as a result of Can
ada's unreasonable demand for Pyramid
Harbor, and now efforts to secure a mo
dus Vivendi for a temporary delimitation
of the line have practically come to an
end. v _ V !; - ,
In order that the peace of the mining
district in the vicinity of the territory in
dispute may be preserved, which was the
object of the establishment of a tempo
ran" line, some steps will have to be taken
of "a police character, in case of a final
disagreement.
The authorities are averse to despatching
troops to Pyramid Harbor and other
points near ___uckwan, because of the
effect it may have upon Great Britain
and Canada., especially in view of the re
quest of the British Government, made
some weeks ago. that such action be not
taken.
ACCUSED OF STEALING
GOVERNMENT SCRIPT
Ernest Gentry Arrested at Keswick
on a Warrant From New
Mexico.
REDDING, July ".—City Marshal O.
Pate of Red Bluff arrived here this morn
ing and was accompanied to Keswick by
Sheriff Charles Behrens. where they ar
rested Ernest Gentry, wanted at Socorro, j
New M., for grand larceny. About May 1 j
Gentry, who was a cowboy, entered a]
business house and stole (8800 in Govern- j
ment script and a small quantity of coir..
Officers have been' on Gentry's trail ever j
since. . _, *-_,'•'_'''
A week ago Marshal Pate received a i
message from Sheriff C. F. Blackington \
of Socorro telling him to be on the look- ;
out for Gentry. It was known Gentry's ;
trunk was checked from Deming to Sac
ramento. Pate discovered a saddle in
Wells-Fargo's Express office at Red Bluff |
consigned to Gentry. An order came to]
have it forwarded to Redding. The cffi
cers here were notified and got on Gen
try's trail. He was traced to Keswick.
Pate and Sheriff Behrei-S found him near
Keswick: piling wood. Gentry was stop- ;
ping with his stepfather. Jacob Randall,
and going by his true name. He admitted
his entity, but stoutly denied the theft. <
He was brought here to-night and lodged
in jail. His trunk was searched, but no
Government script was found. Gentry
says he ran away from Socorro, but re
fuses to give the reason. He will be
taken bnck to New Mexico for trial.
MILAN'S ASSASSIN
TRIES TO KILL HIMSELF
Also Jumps Into the River Save, but
Is Dragged Out by the
Police.
SEMLIN. Austria. July The fireman
who attempted to assassinate former King
Milan is a Bosnian named GJura Kneze
vic. He had accomplices. During his
flight Knezevic endeavored to shoot him
self and when he failed he Jumped Into
the river Save, which joins the Danube at
Belgrade, but he was dragged out by the
police.
Fourteen members of the former radical'
central committee, Including ex-Premier
Tauchanovics, were arrested yesterday on
suspicion of being connected with the af
fair. Another. ex-Premier, Pasics, has
been placed under police supervision.
■ *>
Fined for Killing Deer.
UKIAH, July 7.— Game Warden Orn
baun to-day arrested John Harms of Lay
tonvllle and Henry Mohlenbrock of San
Francisco for killing deer out of season.
They were brought before Justice Critch
field and fined $50 each. They paid their
fines. Mohlenbrock had in a trunk in his
possession thirty deer hides.
*
THE SAN FEA-S CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
PRESENTED TO
QUEEN VICTORIA
j Women's Congress Del
egates Go to Windsor.
— • —
5] :a! Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, July 7.— A number of the
American, colonial and continental guests
• of the International Congress of Women
having expressed a desire to pay their
] respects to the Queen, Lady Aberdeen ar-
I ranged a trip to Windsor this afternoon,
; when her Majesty assented to the sugges
! tion that she should drive slowly through
■ the quadrangle of the castle and receive
i a few of the more prominent delegates.
It was about 5:20 when the delegates
i took up a position in front of the private
"j entrance. A quarter of an hour later her
j Majesty appeared and Lady Aberdeen j
i mad*- the presents.)
Miss Susan B. Anthony, who with Mrs.
I Mary Wright .Sewall. the newly elected
i president of the congress, enjoyed the .
I privilege of presentation, .-aid to the cor
; respondent of the Associated Press this
] e%*eriing:
"I had never seen the Queen before and
I could not but feel s thrill when, looking
j into her wonderful face. I saw her as her
■ life is going out welcoming this woman's
j movement, which la the precursor of the
i twentieth century. What pleased me
! most was when her Majesty said: 'Now.
i I car.- have. these ladies, who are visit -
i ing me. return Without giving them a cup
i of tea.'
"Sir Arthur Bie*2. the Queen's private
I secretary, replied: 'But. your Majesty.
they are" here in hundreds.'
" -I don't care.' said the Queen, 'if they ;
! are in thousands; they, must all have a
j cup of tea when they come to see me.'
"And we had it in the Queen's palace
j as a recognition of the great womanhood
i of our country."
Mrs. Sewall said*. "The Queen looked
I ten years younger than when I saw her I
three years ago. Th* whole bearing of
her Majesty was a symbol that she who
: has governed the mightiest of empires for
■ sixty-three years has Anally recognized
intuitively that she crowns her work in
recognising the claims of her sex to equal
rights with men." ,
DIPLOMAS FOR STUDENTS.
. i
I Fifty-Two Granted by San Mateo's'
Board of Education.
: REDWOOD CITY. July 7.— The Board j
! of Education of San Mateo County has
| completed the examining of candidates
i for graduation from the public schools. I
, and fifty-two diplomas have been granted
j as follows:
! Sail Mat*- -Willie Finger, Violet Robin
i son. W. F. Git.son. Inger Meade. Florence
] Kertel. Edmund Levy, John Morton, Liz
-1 zie Turner. Charley Finger.
Millbrae- -El Lambert, Minerva Mc
i Nultv, Rose Manginl.
V-S-Ta&on — Senile Brissolari.
; San Gregorio— Marguerite. G. Briggen.
Half moon Bay— Grace Lane.
Purißstma — Amanda Schleef, Jennie
s Hovious, Lottie Schoults.
Redwood City— Albert Mansfield. Fred
I Becker. John Wood. Thomas Rockwell,
S John Reynolds, Claire Murray. Ora S.
Covert. Albert Michael. Gertie Beeger,
j Reuben Romberg. Arthur Dodge, Lela
i Beeson. Hetty Allen. Grace Barrett, Lud
j wig Werder. Stanley Kice.
I Montara— Lizzie Weinke, Francis Kyne,
- Narcissi Martini.
• Sunnyside — Eugene Dearborn. Effie
< Jackson.
Pharis— Bertha Durham, Emma John
! son.
La Honda— Perci val Hlllebrand.
Greersburg— Emma Hay ward. William
I Haaker. Albert Shine. _£•• £_
Belmont— Yount.
! Menlo Park— Mamie J. Roche. Ethel Mc- '
j Evov. R. F. Maloney. Matthew McCul
lougn, Maggie M-rlarty. Grace Hilton.
j Th.-< great majority of the graduates will
! enter the high school at this place for a I
: three years' course.
j Will Suppress Nickel Machines. !
STOCKTON, July The City Council
intends to take decisive action on the*
slot machine evil. As a result of a caucus j
I of members it was decided not to attempt '■
j taxation or any half-way measures but to '
j pass a clean-cut prohibitive ordinance. i
The Council will revise the municipal li-
I cense ordinance and provide for a grad- i
i uated license on all classes of business,
! the schedule to run on all sales from
j $5 up. *.•'-,:
-
| Nsw York's Big Revenue Receipts."
• WASHINGTON. - July 7.— Nearly one
third of the revenue received by the Gov
ernment of the United States during the
■■ last fiscal year was paid within the limits
iof Greater New York. Approximate fig- •
; ures show that the receipts from all '
; sources at New York will aggregate
nearly $200,000,000 for the fiscal year.
Mark Twain Goes to Sweden. I
jj LONDON, July 7.— Samuel Clemens
(Mark Twain) and family left to-day for
Sweden, where Mr. Clemens will take the
j Swedish cure. {
LUNA'S SLAYERS
ARE ACQUITTED
Plea of Self-Defense Is
Sustained.
EVIDENCE OF CONSPIRACY
— * — _
GENERALS HAD PLANNED TO
KILL AGUINALDO.
•
Since the Death of His Rival the
Dictator's Influence Among
the Filipinos Has Been
Strengthened.
■ ■ ■■■ *
.-; __] Dispatch to Th- Call.
MANILA. July 7.— The trial at Cabuna- I
tuan of the slayers of General Luna* the J
Filipino leader who was; assassinated by ■
the guard of Aguinaldo's residence, is j
ended, The accused were acquitted on
the ground of self-defense. The testi
mony showed there was a conspiracy on
the part of Luna and* other officers to
__ Aguinaldo and make Luna dictator. .
Luna's death seems to have strength
ened Aguinaldo's leadership for the time, !
and Luna's supporters are now outwardly
loyal to Aguinaldo. I
The Spanish colony here is lionizing the
survivors of the Spanish garrison at I
Baler, on the east -coast of Luzon, who
returned here last night with the Span
ish commissioners sent to treat with the;
Filipinos for the surrender of the Spanish i
prisoners. j
A dozer, banquets have been arranged
in th.ir honor and a subscription has been j
started for their benefit. Lieutenant Mar- <
tin, the only surviving officer of the gar-)
rison, denies the story that he killed Cap- I
tain Morenas. the Spanish officer who!
commanded at Baler, because he tried to
raise a white Sag. Martin says the cap
tain died of beri beri.
The transport '"hurroca is to take Gen- |
era! Bates to the Sulu Islands on a dip
lomatic mission. They will arrange a ,
basis for a friendly undertaking with the
Sultan of Sulu. who claims to be friendly
to Americans. : Under the Sultan's treaty
with Spain he received a subsidy.
General -Wheaton is to take command of
General Hale's brigade at San Fernando.
General Hale is returning to the United j
States with the Colorado regiment.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
WARRING ON. SALOONS
I Petitions the Supervisors Against the
Issuance of a License at
" Mayfleld.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. July 7.—
Stanford University is making a decided
■■ protest against the saloons of Mayfleld.
I An application to the Supervisors of Santa
'■ Clara County to grant a license to Nils [
I Johnson for the reopening of the Little
Vendome, one of the best known of the j
! Mavileld saloons, has been vigorously op- .
! posed both by the authorities of Stanford j
1 University and by the residents of May
[ field. James H. Ferguson, who has led
the Stanford forces in debate, has active j
charge of this movement and has cir- j
culated a petition to the Supervisors ask-
Ing that the license be not renewed. The
signatures of President -David Starr Jor
dan and the other members of the faculty
I are .attached and nearly all the property
owners of Mayfleld have joined in the
I protest. 'V "-V "-..'T:
The sale of liquor has been forever pro- I
biblted in the town of Palo Alto by the
; original deeds to the real estate, and the ;
campus of the university has been simi
larly protected by the provisions made
! by the late Governor Leland Stanford. i
i Jn consequence, the liquor business has
had to go elsewhere and the saloons of
1 Mavfield. which is the nearest town, have
> flourished. The town now has six of them.
.' besides a brewery. The Little Vendome j
has been frequented at times by young |
' students, and the scenes there, It is j
i claimed, have been quite hilarious, ex-
I ceeding. in fact, the limit of behavior set i
I by the faculty— "The utmost liberty con- j
{ sfstent with good scholarship."
BRYAN'S FRIENDS CLAIM
HE HAS ENOUGH VOTES
Declare a Total of Six Hundred and
Twenty-Six Is Already Assured
the Nebraskan. .
NEW YORK, July 7.— Bryan's friends
claim he will certainly have 628 votes in
the Democratic national convention, nine
teen more than enough to nominate.
The following table is given:
FOR BRYAN.
Alabama 22 North Carolina 22
Arkansas 16 North Dakota 6
California IS Ohio 46
."dorado I Oregon I
Florida > Pennsylvania 64
Georgia 26 South Carolina IS
Idaho < South Dakota *
Indiana 30 Tennessee 24
lowa 26 Texas »
Kansas 2i>,l*Uh C
Kentucky 26 Virginia 24
Louisiana 16 Washington 8
Minnesota 18 Wisconsin 24
Mississippi IS West Virginia 12
Missouri 34 Wyoming »
Montana 6: S —
Nebraska -. 16 Total 626
Nevada 6;
CONSCRIPTION BILL
SPRUNG BY LANSDOWNE
Unpopular Measure Introduced in the
English House of
LONDON, July 7.— the House of
Lords to-day the Secretary of Stats for
War. Lord Lansdowne, Introduced a bill
which was regarded as the thin end of
the wedge of conscription, and is, there
fore, likely to render the Government un
popular. "Jhe bill, which is entitle! the
"militia ballot act," is intended to sim
plltv and regularize an existing act now
practically suspended in favor of volun
tary enlistment.
In his speech Introducing the measure
Lord Lansdowne carefully explained ilia:
the Government only wanted it read* the ;
first time, as there was no Intention to i
'pass it, and he repudiated "the idea of I
trying to introduce conscription by a side
wind." Personally, he said, he did not
favor conscription, but he thought it "ad
visable; that such a bill should be in read
iness if wanted." and that "the country
should realize how it stands with regard
to this question."
Already the Liberal papers are attack
ing the Government and asking what reed
there Is of such a measure unless con
scription is intended, and looking to th-? [
fact that recruiting is dwindling the Mil
will be regarded with great suspicion.
♦
DR. JORDAN'S OUTING.
PALO ALTO, July 7.— President David
Starr Jordan and party returned to-day
from a two weeks' trip In the northern
part of the State. The party consisted of
President and Mrs. Jordan. Miss Jordan. ,
Professor Kellogg and Mllner Roberts '59
of Stanford. When questioned to-night in
regard to the trip Dr. Jordan said:
"The party drove 276 miles through
Plumas, Sierra, Yuba and Butte counties.
Starting from Chico we drove to Pratts
ville. Drakes Hot Springs. Quincy,
through the Indian Valley to La Porte
and down the mountains to Orovllle.
Lassen Peak, which we climbed through
the snow, I consider the finest view point
in that part of the country. We also
climbed Pilot Peak and visited several
gold mines and some of the mining towns ,
made . famous by Bret Harte's stories.
We were- especially Interested in the mag- !
nificent scenery of the upper Feather ;
River and In the remarkable volcanic*
phenomena about Lassen Peak, the most
notable of these being the cinder cone, a .
mountain 700 feet high ejected by volcanic
action about fifty years ago. and the re- l
markable boiling lake called Tartarus, a
pond covering about four acres, strongly !
Impregnated with sulphuric acid. A num- I
ber of valuable specimen? were obtained
for the geology department." .
—a . -
Reciprocity "With Portugal.
LISBON, July 7.— The House of Peers j
to-day adopted the commercial conven
tion with the United States. J
4
DEADLY KISSING
BUG APPEARS
AT SAN JOSE
Kitten Bitten by One of the
Insects Dies Within Ten
Minutes.
SON JOSE KISSING BUG.
SAN JOSE, July 7.— The deadly kissing bug, which is causing such
consternation in the East, has made its appearance in this city. As
yet its victim ls onV." a pretty kitten, but mothers are becoming alarm
ed for their children. Society girls are excited and there promises to be
a run on the dry goods stores for veiling and mosquito netting. The
pleasure of all children will be curtailed, and unruly infants will be quieted
and kept In check by threat? of this new bugaboo, th« kissing bug.
There appears to be no mistake that the insect is a near relative of the
deadly oscillator seen on the Atlantic seaccast. It is identical with illustra
tions published, with the exception that its wings are jet black, while its
Eastern cousins are mottled.
The subject of the illustration accompanying this article was picked up
by some young ladies last evening and carried into the Garden City Drug
store, conducted by Edward Hoen. at the corner of Third and Santa Clara
streets. The nature of the find was not known at that time and the bug
was given to a kitten to play with. The kitten knocked it around with its
paws for a few minutes and finally took it into its mouth. It dropped the
bug instantly. as if it was a piece of hot iron. A few seconds later the
kitten was in' the throes of death and in ten minutes it was dead and stiff.
It had been bitten on the lip. as was indicated by a small blue spot.
Mr. Hoen was surprised at the deadly bite of the insect and put it into
a vial for future examination. The dead kitten was given to a garbage man
and hauled away. .
This morning Mr. Hoen saw in The Call a picture of the Eastern kissing
bug. and a comparison was made with the insect that killed the kitten. Ev
erybody pronounced it of the same species.
There is a fruit store next door to the drug store. In front of this the bug
was found. It is believed the bug was imported in a bunch of bananas or
pineapples from some tropical climate.
TEACHERS GIVEN
HEARTY WELCOME
Los Angelenos Meet In
coming Trains.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, July 7.— Nearly »M
delegates to the National Educational As
sociation arrived in the city to-day, and
1 twenty special trains are scheduled to ar
. rive to-morrow, bringing several thou
sand. The first session of the National
; Council of Education begins to-morrow.
It will continue through three days, 'me
committee in charge of the entertainment
of the visitors is taking, care of the ar
rivals in royal shape and there is no con
fusion.
Many prominent educators are alreaay
here. President Lyte of the Nation* K6
--j ucational Association and United States
■ Commissioner of Education Harris will
I arrive to-morrow.
No train bringing delegates to the con
vention or visitors attracted thereby ap
proaches the city but it is met by a dele
gation of Los Angeles men and women,
who present to the visitors offerings of
fruits and flowers and a royal welcome to
the Golden State. " -V;-
Notable arrivals to-day are Professor
Alfred W. French of Brooklyn. Profess.or
James A. Greenwood of Kansas City,
vice president of the National Educational
Association: L. E. Harvey, State Super
intendent of Public Instruction of Wis
consin: Miss Belle Dean, in charge of the
schools in the Pichango Indian reserva
tion at Temecula, Cal.: Dr. Nicholas Mur
ray Butler of Columbia Lnversitv. New
ark' Robert B. Fulton of the University
of M -"Sissippi. A. R. Taylor, president of
the National Council of Education from
Emporia. Kan?.; L. H. Jones of Cleveland
and John Dewey of Chicago, trustees of
the National Council, are to . arrive to
morrow, when the first session of the
One o_ S held. q ue features of the con-
One of the unique features of the con
vention is to be the exhibit of the Indian
i schools, which Is now nearly ready A
1 class of twelve Indian maidens will be
here and will demonstrate the work "f the
Indian schools in manual training. There
Will al=o be an orchestra composed of
Indian : maidens, which will give several
concerts during these sessions.
The teachers of this city have planned
many forms of entertainment for the vis
iting teachers and are already devoting
! their whole time and attention to the com
fort and pleasure of those already arrived.
Tally-ho rides through the orange groves
and vineyards and visits to the old mis-
I sions and the early Spanish and Mexican
I settlements were the pleasures offered to
; day and since early morning the blasts
of the horns and cracks of the whips as
the tally-hos started on their journeys
with gay and light hearted visitors and
their escorts were constantly heard.
. The local committee on entertainment
met last night and considered proposi
tions for the management of the Chinese
theatrical performances to be given for
j the edification of visiting teachers. _It
was decided to give six performances. The
troupe consists of fifty Chinese perform
• ers with an orchestra of twenty-five
pieces. The Los Angeles Chinese, flat
i tered by the announcement that a Chi
nese theatrical performance Is to be made
one of the principal features of the en
tertainment, have offered to decorate
Hazard's Pavilion for the occasion so that
it shall resemble as much as possible a
Chinese theater on a gala day.
Among the Pacific Coast arrivals last
right and to-day were:
Nevada— Harry A. Start. Elko; Flora North
r_p. Reno.
Oregon— Hiram Pyrees. I.a Grande.
California— Ames. San Bernardino:
j Sarah M. Green?, Lewis U. Avery, Redlands;
I I .aura B. Barnes. E. E. Dana. Santa Barbara;
' Leah Crollc. San Bernardino; Hendricks Dixon,
• Alameda; Frank H. Hyatt, Pomona; Anita
1 Gompert.. Berkeley; Annie L. Frailer, Watson
ville: Nell K. French. Carrie M. GUmore. J. H.
Hunt, A. E. Hunt. Victor; Mrs. M. M. Hewes.
EUwanda;- Emma J. Ingermendsen, Napa;
' Henrietta Mann. Stockton; Mr. an. Mrs. L.
| 1.. McLaln. Fresno; Gertrude Norton. Auburn;
I Arthur Connor. Grass Valley; F. L. Osenberg.
' Elslnore; Mary Polk. Cora B. Patterson. Santa
' Barbara: J. R. Parker, Goleta; H. E. Perrin.
■■ San Bernardino:- Ada Barker, Napa: D. C.
| Reed. Redlands: Clara J. Stlllman, Coronado;
j M. C. Shoney, Porterville; Eugenia Thomas.
! Santa Barbara; Holten Webb, lompoc. •
San Francisco — Bartlett, Eugene Brooks,
) Estella Carpenter, Mabel Chandler. A M.
Hewitt. I. C. Emmons. Ed , T. Hewitt. Susie
i Hat*, __r_.*-.a aai Anna Or.yon, K. li. PaxtQß,
Marie Petrel. Mrs. B. K. Stewart. Miss A
Summer-on.
Oakland— Margaret EHytbe. Mrs. B. Cromwell.
Dorothy Huftchmidt, Alice Swasey.
PIONEER ATTORNEY
CALLED BY DEATH
Passing of W. L. Dudley Sr. of Stock
ton While Sojourning at
Lake Tahoe.
STOCKTON. July 7.— private tele- L
gram received at noon to-day announced ;
the death of W. L. Dudley Sr. at McKin- j
ney's place on Lake Tahoe. Dudley was j
one of the pioneer attorneys of the State, j
a man of unusual Intellectual force and
public spirit. He was a native of ,
Cheshire County, New Hampshire, born j
on December _». 1.24. The Dudleys were
one of the oldest families of New -Eng
land.
The deceased commenced his education
in the Chesterfield Academy and gradu
ated at Brattleboro, Vt. He studied law
with Allen P. Dudley, his brother, at
Nashua. N. H.. finished hi*- education at
Harvard and was admitted to practice
in New Hampshire in IMS.
In 18*9 he joined the Gordan Association,
organized for the purpose of ascertaining
the truth of the reports of gold strikes. it
landed first at San Juan and proceeded j
via the San Juan River and Lake Nict- I
ragua to the Pacific. Five months -elapsed j
Dcfore the scientists could obtain tt aspor- i
tation to California on account of th. f
crowded condition of the steamers. They |
finally reached San Francisco Bay on
November 5. IMS. - Mr. Dudley proceeded !
to Calaveras County and was. elected Al- i
calde of Mokelumne Hill in 1860. He went j
back to New Hampshire in ISSI, but re- j
turned to California in ls")2. He engaged
in the law practice in Mokelumne Hill. "j
In 1*67 he came to Stockton and had re- ,
sided here since thin.
Mr. Dudley married at Newcastle. Can
ada, in 1-5. Miss Mary C. Dak. whose
father was the well known sculptor and
designer of the national Lincoln monu
ment. Dudley was a member of the Con
stitutional Convention in ISSO. He was
elected to Congress on the Anti-Lecc.mp
ton ticket .in 1857, but did not claim his J
seat. He declined the renominatlon in .
IKS.
The. deceased leaves a widow. and four!
children— Elizabeth M.. EllenaG.. William j
L. and Mary Frances. The first named i
is Mrs. Herron of Oakland; Ellena G is
the wife of L. H. Parker of Beloit. Wi<..
and Mary* Frances is Mrs. Dr. Terr.- of
Sacramento.
The fortune of Mr. Dudley i? estimated
at $75,000. The body will be brought her.
for burial.
' Falls Dead at the Helm.
RIO VISTA. July 7.— Mate Xogel of the
.schooner Francis E. Bernard dropped '
dead while at the wheel of the schooner I
yesterday. The schooner was sailing for I
San Francisco at the. time. X •_>•! was 73
years old. a native of Sweden and resided j
at San Francisco. • ;:^
»••••-• _-_—*-* 9 000 9-&-9-9-Q 9 9 9
»* " CURED* IN 6 WEEKS!
'* :-i__i%___%Bf&- v No * llin = Cures So"- Quickly
• i_»W^Y"\fe as *- r ' McLaughlin's
• ; - Wonderful Improvements in a
f A ] Short Time,
_ IT CUKES WHILE I IT VITALIZES THE
W. YO3 SLEEP. | WHOLE BODY. -
i IT is not surprising that Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt gives relief in
r a few days and cures the most aggravated cases in from one to three
L months. Electricity, unlike drugs, can by this means be applied to the
■ seat of disease, and it infuses health-giving strength direct to the place
-'desired, quickly restoring the organs to their normal vigor. '
J DR. M. X. M.LACGHI.IX— Dear Sir: I have now used your Belt over 6 weeks and
I - find It all you represented It to be. It has cured mv weakness and I feel as fresh and
ft atrocs as ever. Tours truly. / . PHILIP J. DALY
7 *■ SUISUN. June 2S. 1899. ,
§ 9TOP DRUGGING fINDTRY IT.
i Save your stomach and give Nature a chance. Give strength to all
0 your functions by saturating them with Electricity from this grand
| Electric Belt. Book about it free. t
J Dr. M. A. McLaughlin, :,^t«^.%s?a &_
j Office Hours— a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES
I 9 9j9-9~:9 '%^+/9i-%r^*^^^m.-9-%-9 - 9 - •-•-
LITTLE IS LEFT
OF COULTERVILLE
Heavy Loss by Thurs
day's Fire.
- »
INSURANCE VERY LIGHT
— —
BURNED BUILDINGS NUMBER
SIXTY-SEVEN.
Telephone Agent Grensell Reports
That Those Who Lost Their
Homes Are Not in Need
of Assistance.
— — ♦
Special Dl_rat.h to The Call.
STOCKTON, July The fire of yes
terday almost erased from the map the
thriving town of Coulterville. The fire
started in the residence of Mrs. Boglioa.
in the bus:: part of town, and is be
lieved to have been caused by coal oil
which had been used in starting a fire in
a stove. This was a few minutes before
the noon hour, and soon the residence
was ablaze. Everything being extremely
dry, the house was soon enveloped in
flames, whyh were communicated to the
surrounding structures in a very short
time. So rapidly did the fire sweep from
house to house that in two hours and a
half sixty-seven buildings had been
burned to the ground. The business por
tion ot the town was a mass of charred
and smoking ruins, and but little of the
residence part remained standing.
Though the city fire apparatus in the
place - was an old-style hand engine, it
might have prevented a spread of the
flames but for the wind, which blew
heavily from the southwest. Strong ef
forts were mad- by. the residents of the
town to arrest the progress of the flames,
but without avail. The fire spread so
rapidly that there was barely time to
save stock in some of the stores, and
there was no time to save the buildings.
Notwithstanding the severe blow dealt
the town by the fire, E. A. Grensell. the
telephone agent, says there is no destitu
tion and no calls for aid. He expressed
the belief, that the people could pull
through all right, as none were in dis
tress. He placed the loss at $150,000. The
insurance, he said, was very* light. but he
thought rebuilding would be commenced
soon. .: .* j: . :
A generous offer was made this morning
by the Sierra Railroad to transport to
Coulterville free of charge any goods or
provisions which it might be desired to
send to the town in aid of the destitute or
needy, but the information subsequently
received from Mr. Grensell shows that
this will not be necessary.
j The heaviest losers are C. B. McCarthy.
Bruschi & Co.. Percy Davis. Dezola and
Mrs. Cannesionna, all' handling general
merchandise. A special telephone nT?ssage
gives the following list of business places
destroyed: .-'■*_ ■■.:■'. -^ —
Peltry Davis' general merchandise store.
_ E. Warren's general merchandise store.
Patrick & Palm' livery stable.
J. F. Mercy's undertaking establishment.
P. A L.ban's saloon.
H. a Jo-hlyn's carpenter shop .
C. McClellan's boot and shoe shop. • .>-
R. Abrams' general merchandise store. ;•-?
M. Maroni's barber -hop.
P. i;_zz ...la's saloon.
J. Mays' barber shop.
Rhin's restaurant. '"■-••" '■■".-■
G. Cannesionna's genera! merchandise stcre.
E. Jeffi hotel.
J. Pendry's saloon.
C. Buttman's r.ew3 stand.
MM Wilbur's saloon. 'l';" :
C. a. Grennell's gentlemen's furnishing
goods store.
J. A. Murray's barber shop.
John Bond's confectionery store.
- J. A. Vigna's saloon.
F. Bruschi & Col's general merchandise store.
Mr.. S. B. Sample's lodging house. -
Mrs. F. Smith's restaurant.
Merced Gold Mining Company's office and
warehouse.
Mrs. P. Ham-fid's livery -table, , •
J. Shimer's blacksmith shop. - j .-■'■
Those who were burned out of house
and home have been given shelter and
food by their neigh':
ACCIDENTALLY SHOT
WHILE OUT DRIVING
Hanford Woman Wounded by the
Discharge of a Gun in Her
Carriage.
HANFORD, July 7.— What came near
being a fatal accident occurred last night
to Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Howell. They were
ridlntr in a buggy behind a spirited horse.
Mr. Howell had a shotgun along with
which to shoot jack rabbits. The horse
shied at something and gave a sudden
jump. The jar threw the gun from the
seat. The hammer hit on one of the
springs of the buggy, discharging both
barrels.
The charge took effect in the upper part
of Mrs. Howell's" right arm. near the
shoulder. ' making a serious wound, but
not breaking any bones. Mr. Howell had
a very close call, some of the shot just
srrizir.e his cheek. The blood from Mrs.
Howell's wound spattered on his face.
RAPID RAILWAY BUILDING.
Southern Pacific Construction Force
Hurries Work on the Gap.
SANTA BARBARA. July The gap
will be closed as far as twenty miles
below Surf within six weeks. All the ma
terial for the completion of this extension
is "on the grounds. The- big bridge at
Honda will be finished in a few days,
when the rails will be laid. Contractor
Ramish said the work was progressing
beyond his expectations.
"The right of way will be clear very
soon." he said. '"and other contracts will
be let across lands that are now impos
sible to consider, owing to the uncertainty
as to agreement between owners and the
company. The only stumbling block that
comes in our way is the saloons and the
Supervisors to-day took action to stop the
sale of liquor around the camps. We are
in great need of good men who will at
tend to. work. Crowds of stragglers work
for a few days and quit. Nevertheless we
can push the work along with the climate
In our favor." -
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, July Charles T. Ste
phen died last evening at his home on
Garfield street. He had resided In this
city for many years. A widow and chil
dren survive him. Mr. Sutphen was "a
native of Illinois and 62 years of age. For
many years he held the office of Justice
of the Peace in this city. He was a vet
eran of the Civil War.LOOKING FOR
HIS FURNITURE
AND LIBRARY
J. N.E.Wilson's Office
Was Looted.
. — » • y
FRANK LAMAR SUSPECTED
. — ♦ — (
HE TOLD TALES OF T_3_E LOSS OF
HIS PROPERTY.
♦
Was Seen Around Wilson's Office on
the Day of the Robbery The
Police Have the Case in
Hand.
•
Attorney J. N. E. Wilson changed his
Offlce a few weeks ago.
This is not exactly news, as the busi
ness headquarters of Mr. Wilson are gen- j
erally supposed to be about as perma- j
nent as the residence of a Kansan during
cyclone time. But there is a little item
of news connected with it, inasmuch aa
Mr. "Wilson's present office at 606 Mont- j
gomery street is at present as barren of
furniture as is the lot above referred
to during the season of devastating winds.
It all happened in this wise:
The season of noise, otherwise known as
the days immediately preceding and fol
lowing Independence day, opened on
Monday last. Mr. Wilson does not like
noise, unless it is the seductive jingle of
coins In his pocket, and accordingly hied
himself to the country for the three days
covering the period or noise.
At the expiration of the three days Mr.
Wilson returned to the city, and lo and
behold, strange things had happened. He
hied himself to his office at its erstwhile
location in room 170, -.6 Montgomery
•street, and found that a wonderful trans
formation scene had been enacted dur
ing his absence. The furniture was gone.
■Inquiries among other occupants of the
building elicited the information that
early Monday morning a young man
named Frank Lamar had visited the of
flce of Mr. Wilson and proceeded to re
move the furniture. To some, it ls said,
be told he was a representative of the
Tax Collector; others aver that he as
sumed the role of a ward cheated out of
his inheritance and seeking compensatory
damages. Whatever the facts or the case
may be, Wilson's office furniture and La
mar disappeared at the same time, and
neither has been seen nor heard from j
since, although Wilson, accompanied by a
corps of detectives, has sought both long
and sorrowfully. His version or' the af
fair is as follows:
"I went into the country for the Fourth
of July holidays. On entering my office
upon my return I found that everything
movable had been carried away. I In
quired among the other offices, and from
what 1 have learned I believe that the
goods were taken by Frank Lamar. I
know very little about Lamar. He was
left a sum of money through the death of
his parents, and a portion of It was placed
in my hands. I began paying it over to
him in small amounts about two years
ago, or at the time he came of age, and •
the hole amount, somewhat less than ■
T-000, has been paid into his hands. lie
was always hanging about my office, and
I think I have loaned him about $So over
and above the amount of his money In- i
trusted to my care. I understand that he
has told certain people that I never paid j
him the money, but this ls no*, so. I have
raid him ail or more. I will not accuse i
him of having taken my furniture, but I '
know that he was addicted to strong i
drink and was frequently in want of '
money. The matter has been reported to i
the police and detectives are working on i
the case. I hope to get back my furni
ture and library. That is all I have to
say." . ■' I
FILIPINO GIRL'S LOVE
FOR 0 CALIFORNIA BOY
Went to Negros to Be Near \-\er Soldier Sweetheart
and Now Is Prepared to Follow Hin) Home.
RITA FA MY is or was the Filipino belle bf Manila.- If she has carried
J out her avowed intention of following the California Regiment to San
> Francisco the capital of the Philippines is without a dusky queen, but
I if she aged her mind at the last moment and remained at home
V then she is still the belle of Manila, ■'/:',[ .'*
During the stay of the California Regiment in Manila Rita became
madly infatuated with one of the soldiers named Osborne. She did.every
thing in her power to lighten the drudgery of garrison life for him, and
when he was sick she nursed him back to health.
When the regiment was ordered to Negros Island Rita pined away for a
while. Then one flay Manila awoke and found her missing. She had followed
the California boys to Negros and resumed her visits to the camp as though
nothing had happened. But when the news that the regiment was about
to be ordered home was given out the love-sick maiden was heart-broken-
She did not give way to despair for very long, however, but at once set
about making arrangements to come to California. AA'hen the transport Cleve
land was at the seat of war Rita was ready to leave for Hongkong as soon
as the regiment starts for home and the chances are that she will land here
from one of the China steamers as soon as the transport that carries her
lover drops anchor In the bay.
"Rita was attracted to the California boys as soon as they arrived in
the Philippines," said Chief Engineer Dill of the Cleveland yesterday. "She
used to visit their camp and bring them flowers and fruit, so her visits were
looked forward to by everybody. For Osborne she conceived a violent at
tachment, however, and the result is that she will follow the regiment home
to San Francisco. Rita is particularly good looking for a Filipino and is a
beauty when compared with her less fortunate sisters."
iaftafta.T..?..?..T..t..?..»..r..T..t..t.A.?..t..T..T_iT_it..T..T..T..T..T..T..i»!..-.4«.i..%.M"t-i»!'.!'aoa>ftc
IS SURVEYING
A CABLE ROUTE
TO AUSTRALASIA
British Sloop-of-War
Egeria at Work.
— —
CAME INTO PORT FOR COAL
• I -A — *, —
OREC^k BOYS TO BE SENT HOME
REJOICING.
♦
A Rousing Reception . Will Be Given
Them on Their Arrival, After
Which They Will Leave
for Portland.
♦
The British survey steamer Egeria ar
rived from Esquimalt, B. C, yesterday
morning. The English and Canadian Gov-
I ernments are to establish a cable between
I British Columbia : and Australia, which
will touch at Samoa and Hawaii. The
Egeria is now engaged in the work of sur
; veying the route. She will go from here
j to Honolulu, talcing soundings on the way, I
I and after coaling there will proceed to |
Apia. From Apia the soundings will be
taken to the nearest point cm the Aus
tralian continent.
The Egeria put in here for coal. She
will remain here about a week and will j
then proceed about her business. Her I
coal capacity is very small, and this fact '
is going to give Captain Smyth and his I
officers a great deal of trouble. She left ■
Cape Flattery about a week ago, and the
soundings were begun at once. As soon i
as the coal began to give out the warship I
had to put in here. When her bunkers are j
filled again the Egeria will go to the point j
where she left off and continue the work
of locating a bed for the cable until her
coal gives out. She will probably put into j
San Diego for a fresh supply.
The officers of the Egeria are the most l
expert surveyors in the British navy, and !
they are taking great care in making the j
soundings for the proposed cable. The
undertaking will probably occupy two
months before the survey* boat reaches !
Brisbane.
The officers of the Egeria are: Com- j
mander Morris H. Smyth, Lieutenants H. '
G. J. Sommervllle, Fred G. Learmonth. |
G. S. C. Simson and Horace C. Watson;
Paymaster B. F. C. Ames. Surgeon Jo- j
I seph Bradley, Chief Engineer E. J. Camp- '
bell and Boatswain James McGeachy. She
carries a picked crew of sixty-five men.
The Egeria is a composite sloop-of-war,
built at Sheerness in 1873. She is 940 tons
displacement, 160 feet long, 31 feet 3 inohes !
broad and 13 feet 3 inches deep. Her ar- !
mament is not very heavy and her coal
capacity la only 100 tons.
All the arrangements for the reception
of the Oregon A olunteers have been com
pleted. The Native Sons have appointed
the following committee to welcome the
returning soldiers: Lewis F. Bvington.
Henry Lunstedt, Judge F. H. Dunne, Hen
ry S. Martin. James P. Dockerv, Mark
A. Devlne. Frank H. Wells and George I
•H. S. Dryden. These gentlemen will go :
■ out with Governor Gage. Adjutant Gen
i eral W. H. Seamans, General Warfield
and Mayor Phelan. The Governor of Ore
j gon will not be here to meet the Webfoot ■
boys, as he will not leave Portland until
j the news of the arrival of the transports
! has been telegraphed. It has not yet been |
i decided whether to send the men on from '
: San Francisco by rail or by the regular ;
: steamers State of California and Colum- '
• bia or by the vessels that bring them
; here from Manila. It all depends upon
i the cost and what decision Major Lone
arrives at. The local steamers would find
some difficulty ln handling the soldiers
i along with their regular business, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
The Egeria, British Warship, Surveying for a Trans-Pacific Cable,
the Southern Pacific, ln accordance wit-
Its policy, will demand all the traffic wil
bear, so the chances are that the trans
ports will go on to Portland after a shon
stop here. .'■ "
The bark Roderick Dhu Is being loader
for a return trip to Hllo. All the passen
gers who want to sail with Captain John
son cannot be accommodated, although
some of the people are so anxious to sai
on the clipper that they are willing tc
sleep on the floor or on deck, or anywhere
so long' as they can get away. The new
cold storage plant has been put ln place
and the Roderick Dhu will sail next Sat
urday with a supply of all the delicacies
in the California market for the people ol
Hllo. The Roderick Dhu is probably thi
only sailing merchant vessel afloat thai
carries a refrigerating plant. A gasoline
engine In the forward part of the shir
will supply the power that makes the ice
Quarantine Officer Cohn has been at
tacked with a plague of bolls and in con
sequence his duties are being attended tc
by the doctors of the Harbor Hospital.
Dr. Cohn got some verdigris Into his sys
tem, so he says, while boarding the Nip
pon Maru and that poison caused the bolls
to break out all over him.
Assessor Dodge's poll tax collectors on
the water front were robbed last Thurs
day night. During the day they swarmed
around the ferry depot and every Chinese
who could not produce a receipt had tc
give up $2. Late in the evening the weary
poll tax men adjourned to a small office
they have in the old Sausalito ferry depot
and there deposited, their cash and their
receipt books in what they thought was
a safe place. Yesterday morning brlgnt
and early they returned to their labors
only to find that the cash, receipt books
anu all their little belongings were gone.
A couple of broken panes of glass showed
how the thieves had gained an entrance.
They had climbed over the gate that leads
Into the freight slip and while the night
watchman was around the corner broke
into the building. The poll tax men noti
fied Captain Dunlevy and the harbor po
lice are now working on the case.
Charles D. Robinson's fine picture of
the departure of the first .transport fleet
for Manila is to be purchased by genera!
subscription and presented to the Mer
chants' Exchange. It is a fine picture
conscientiously painted and should be pre
served in the city as a souvenir of the
departure of the California boys. The
subscription list is now open at the Mer
chants' Exchange.
The old bark Germanla is back ln port
again with a load of coal. When she was
laid up the last time on Puget Sound no
one ever thought she would go Into com
mission again, but her owners thought it
only fair to let the old vessel celebrate
her golden jubilee. The Germanla was
built in Portsmouth, N. 11., in August,
1849.
; TEACHERS MAY RECEIVE
THEIR BACK SALARIES
; AUDITOR WELLS SPRINGS A
I SURPRISE FOR MERCHANTS.
| Bills for Supplies Having Once Been
[ Withdrawn He Believes In-
I structors' Demands Have
i Preference.
>
Several new and Important questions
I have arisen over the action of the Super
visors In restricting the expenditures of
I the various departments of the munici
i pality for the next two months to the
' j limit as provided in the Finance Commit-
I tee's estimate, and Auditor Wells is at a
j loss as to just what course he shall pur
-1 j sue in certain matters.
Since the formal notification was sent
, J out by the Auditor to the heads of de
', • partments that he would held their bills
> : strictly within the limit fixed many of
' llcials have discussed the situation with
> i him, and one and all have declared their
', | utter Inability to keep within the limit
; j and properly" conduct their oflice. but so
i. far none of them have informed the Aud
; ltor that they have made any reductions
. In their office force with the exception of
- Superintendent Hewitt of the Fire Alarm
■ and Police Telegraph.
i The law provides that bills shall be aud
■ ited In the order of their reception, and
> to the Inquiries from the perturbed heads
> of departments as to what course he in
■ tended to pursue the Auditor has stated
• that if the monthly bills come to him in
• a bunch from each department, as they
i usually do, "he will look them over and if
' they are within the limit he will audit
• them; lf they exceed the limit he will re
i turn them all to the department whence
■ they came and let the selection be made
• 1 there of the claims to be paid. This has
' ! been the Auditor's policy in the past, and
It has raised an exceedingly interesting
issue in the School Department and one
which. If Mr. Wells' theory proves cor
j rect, gives the teachers' claims for back
! salaries preference over the demands of
: merchants for furnishing supplies to the
! department. These demands were pre
sented at one time and greatly exceeded
the available funds, so the Auditor re
fused to pass upon any of them. They
' were withdrawn for segregation by the
, School Directors, and the teachers' war
; rants being presented in the meantime
! the Auditor Is of the opinion that they
i now have a preference over the others. .
Mr. Wells still maintains his position in
regard to the Sewer Commission, holding
that the board, being created when the
treasury was practically depleted and
there being no immediate necessity for it,
; the claims of the commissioners for sal
ary should not be given precedence over
prior claims. The. Auditor and Mayor re
cently held a conference on the subleet,
at which the Mayor asked if the Auditor
would allow the claims if they were with
; drawn and passed again this month. The
Auditor, however, believes this cannot be
done. under the law, which says that bills
contracted In one fiscal year cannot be
paid out. of the succeeding year's appro
priation- , V ,' •'*• •■'.,.•-.. i.
ARE WARNED
TO GIVE RAH
A WIDE BERTH
The Labor Council's
Pointed Letter.
— ♦—
OLD LAWS STILL IN EFFECT
— ♦
A CONTRACT LABORER IS PRAC
TICALLY A SLAVE.
Many Matters of Importance Dis
cussed at the Regular "Weekly
Meeting of the Council
Last Night.
•
Recent press reports have brought to
light the fact that Hawaiian planters have
been making contracts with laborers ln
the north of Italy to -work on the planta
tions in the Islands. From recent court de
cisions it appears that laborers on these
plantations are still under the old Ha
waiian laws, or, in other words, a con
tracting laborer practically sells himself
Into slavery for a period covering the
time of his contract. The San Francisco
Labor Council has taken full cognizance
of this, and accordingly instructed its sec
retary* to communicate with the proper
authorities in Italy. Secretary Rosenberg
lias prepared a letter, which will be sent
to Humbert, King of Italy, Pope Leo, the
Italian newspapers and the labor organi
zations of that country, the substance of
which is as follows:
In 1897 an attempt was made to lure
California workmen to Hawaii, but when
the labor laws of that country were pub
lished by the San Francisco Federation of
Trades not one worklngman responded.
During the days of the fight for annexa
tion the representatives of the planters
promised that the objectionable laws
would be repealed, but their promises
have not been kept. A recent decision of
the Supreme Court in the case of Robert
Robertson vs. Barry Baldwin et als. was
to the effect that contracts entered into,
whether voluntary or involuntary, could
at no time become involuntary, and the
protection of the thirteenth amendment
could not be claimed. The letter con
cludes:
And bo to-day the American flag floats over
territory where overseers with whip in hand
urge on the tollers In the cane field, to harder
labor Once In Hawaii under contract to la
bor there is no escape, us you readily see by
the lose, report.
In conclusion I want to state that the press
reports some time ago gave it that the Italian
Government bad forbidden the wholesale
emigration of its subjects to Hawaii. Now
the reports state that the objection had been
withdrawn and that the laborers would come
from Northern . Italy exclusively. Does the
Italian Government want to get rid of its dis
contented workmen, who are becoming trouble-
Home : .':'.'" ,"•
The promises of the planters agents are
LIES, LIES. LIES. WARN YOUR COUN
TRYMEN. Bring this at your earliest'oppor
tunity to the knowledge of radical members
of the Italian Parliament and Inform the offi
cials of Italian trades unions and reformers
In general of this nefarious plot. I am, yours
for humanity and freedom,
ED ROSENBERG,
Rec. and Cor. Sec. S. F. Labor Council.
Accompanying this letter a copy of the
old Hawaiian labor laws, which the
courts have decided are still In effect,
was also mailed. These laws, among
other things, provide that if any contract
laborer shall leave his "master" he may
be arrested and punished.
Other business of the council consisted
of the appointment of the following com
mittee to act with the Iron Molders'
Union in its fight against prison-made
stoves: J. F. McAuliffe, J. M. Burke and
F. E. Eggleston.
The Brewery Workmen's Union report
ed that the boycott against Techau's
Tavern is progressing and that the Mis
sion Brewery has adopted the* union label.
The following committee was appointed
to interview the local agent of the- An
heuser-Busch Brewing Company and urge
him to .use his influence to arrange an
agreement -between his firm and the labor
organizations: J. . AA r . Lament, Ernest
Koenlg and Ed Rosenberg. Philip Brown
was seated as a delegate from the Brew
ery AVorkmen's Union.
Officers Elected.
A the meeting of the Ship and Steam- !
boat Joiners' Association, last night the
following officers were elected: Thomas
McCourtnev, president; Joseph Moulton,
vice president; Thomas Ashley, financial
and recording secretary; William Clark,
treasurer; Henry Breslan, sergeant-at
arms. Trustees— George Hatfield, Joseph
Sherwood, Charles Mann. Delegates to
Labor Council— F. E. Eggleston, Thomas
7 estoby, ' Robert Brooks. Fourteen . new
members were initiated.
■ * *
"I haven't any objection >to surrender- ■
ing." was the leader's answer. • "All I ob
iect to Is being compelled to admit that I
iave been whipped."— Washington Star. - i
MYSTERY MARKS
THE DEATH OF
AH OLD GROCER
Sudden Demise of A.
C. A. Boysen.
— — —
FOUND DYING BY OFFICERS
— —
HAD WARRANT CHARGING HIM
WITH INSANITY.
■ ' ' '■♦
John B. Anderson, the Former Part
ner of the Deceased, Locked
Up Pending a Further *■
Investigation.
• '-
Mysterious death has robbed the insane
asylum of a prospective victim and Cap
tain Gillin of the Seventeenth-street Sta
tion is now endeavoring to dispel the
doubt that surrounds the cause of the sud
den demise of A. C. A. Boysen, the pro
prietor of a grocery store at the corner
of Twenty-ninth and Sanchez streets.
Boysen was discovered lying in a pool of
blood on the floor of the little room in the
rear of tho store by the officers who went
to serve the warrant charging him with
insanity, at 6:20 last evening. A moment
later, even while the officers stood over
him, warrant ln hand, the old grocer
breathed his last.
Boysen was a native of Norway, 56
years old and had been in business in the
same neighborhood for more than twenty
seven years. The circumstances of his
death were so peculiar that John B. An
derson, until recently Boysen's partner,
and the flrst to give an Intimation of the
impending tragedy, was taken to the Sev
enteenth-street Station and locked up
pending a further investigation. Appar
ently Boysen's death was caused by a
hemorrhage, but an abrasion on the side
of the head and the peculiar actions of
Anderson convinced Captain Gillin that
there might be something wrong and he
decided to take no chances.
Several months ago Boysen and Ander
son concluded to dissolve partnership.
Boysen retained the grocery business and
the building in which it was located and
Anderson took three cottages in the
neighborhood which were owned by them
jointly. Some property owned by the two
in Berkeley was not divided. Anderson
continued to work around the store. A
week ago Tuesday, according to his story,
he returned from delivering some gro
ceries and found Boysen lying on the bed
ln his room unconscious. He notified Dr.
Baumeister, who. soon restored the suf
ferer to his normal condition. Anderson
says he had noticed for some time that
his former partner had been acting pe
culiarly and asked the doctor what had
best be done. The doctor advised him to
notify Boysen's creditors. Anderson went
to G. H. Umbsen & Co. for advice as that
Arm had acted as the agents for the firm
for ten years.
As a result H. P. Umbsen was yester
day appointed guardian for Boysen by
Judge Troutt on the testimony of Ander
son. Anderson returned to the store at
about 3 o'clock to find Boysen lying on
the floor of his bedroom. He called to
him and Boysen answered and then
seemed to drop off to sleep again. Ander
son hastened down to Umbsen's office and
informed him that Boysen had one of his
"spells" and returned to the store, arriv
ing there at 4:30. He did not go to the
room again but could hear the old man
breathing hard and concluded he was
asleep.
After Anderson's visit Umbsen secured
a warrant charging Boysen with being in
sane and went to the Seventeenth Street
Police Station to get some one to serve
it. Captain Gillin detailed Officers Bode
and Rottanzl for the duty, and they left
the station with Umbsen.
Arriving at the store Anderson was told
to notify Boysen that he was wanted. As
he could not arouse him by rapping on
the door, Mr. Umbsen pushed his way
into the room, followed by the officers.
Boysen was lying there motionless, face
down, on the floor in a pool of blond, but
his heart was still beating. Officer Bode
ordered Anderson to send for a doctor,
but when Dr. Baumeister arrived the man
was dead. The Coroner was then notified
and the body taken to the Morgue. Cor
SHE WILL WED A
CAVALRY OFFICER
THE announcement of the engagement of First Lieutenant John O'Shea.
Troop L, Fourth United Slates Cavalry, to Miss Lou Holcomb of this
city was made public yesterday. The many friends of the two young
people were taken completely by surprise, but the announcement creat
ed a great deal of pleasure ai.d congratulations were showered upon
them. There is a very pretty little romance in connection with the engage
ment. Lieutenant O'Shea, who was recently promoted from the Seventh Cav
alry, came to San Francisco last fall. H e met Miss Holcomb at a "hop"'
given at the Presidio, and it was the old story of love at first sight. The
young officer was then under orders to go to the Philippines, but he lost no
time in pressing his suit, with such success that when he sailed he took with
him the heart and hand of his lady love. - ;~. '
Lieutenant O'Shea was in charge of the Tacoma that took the first assign
ment of horses and mules to Manila. He accomplished the trip successfully
without losing an animal. It was the flrst experiment made by this Govern
ment in the transportation of animals such a long distance, and its success
ful accomplishment speaks much for the efficiency of the young officer. Lieu
tenant O'Shea is a native of Ireland. He entered the army fourteen years
ago as a private and has seen service in every branch of the army. He .won
his shoulder straps by competitive examination and is a graduate Of the
Cavalry School, at Fort Leavenworth. He Is considered one of the best posted
officers on military detail in the army.
Miss Holcomb ls a native daughter, her home being In Oakland, although
at present she is living with her sister at the Colonial Hotel. She is a decided
brunette, with beautiful eyes and a petite stature. Among her friends she is
noted for her charm of manner and many personal accomplishments. She has
been a decided belle in social circles for several seasons.
oner Hill expressed the opinion that death
was caused by a hemorrhape. It is
thought that the abrasion may have been
caused by striking the side of the bed
when he fell, but the fact that Anderson
should tramp all over town after discov
ering the condition of the grocer without
taking the trouble to send for a doctor
tuts him in a bad light, and until Captain
Gillin is satisfied, that he is telling the
truth he will occupy a cell.
Last night Captain Gillin detailed De
tectives Fitzgerald, and Graham and Of
ficer Bode on the case, and they will con
tinue their investigations to-day.
TOOK OFFICE.
A Number of Officers of Societies En-
ter Upon Their Several Duties.
A. Mocker, district deputy grand presi
dent of the Native Sons of the Golden
West, installed the officers of National
Parlor last Thursday night and after the
ceremony there was an adjournment to
a restaurant, where F. P. Weber, the
Junior past president, acted as toast
master after a supper had been par
taken of. There were a number of toasts
that were responded to by the district
deputy,. by E. Hall, the retiring president,
who was presented with a gold and dia
mond-set jewel, and a number of others.
This part of the entertainment was fol-
lowed by a short programme of varied
numbers contributed by Daniel Eagan, J.
Palm, F. docker and D.- Minan. The
officers who were installed are: ' F. I*.
Wehe, past president; A. R. Vaughn,
president; D. Minan, F. Silvey and
Charles Huffschmidt, vice presidents; R.
L. Radke, marshal; "W. V. Doughty, re
cording secretary; \V. B. Larking, finan
cial secretary; p. G. dv Py. treasurer;
B. M. Hall, W. Barr and W. Brown, trus
tees; Dr. N. Rogers, surgeon; L. H.
Arthur, inside, and George Vaughn, out
side sentinel.
The following named officers of San
Francisco Parlor, N. S.* G. .V., "Old
Forty-Nine." were inducted into office in
due form last night: J. F. McGeough,
past president; _■*. V. Severence, presi
dent; Dr. C. A. Glover, Charles weber
and Charles Reinfeld, vice presidents;
Charles Green, marshal; Louis P. Powel
son, recording secretary; John Nelson,
financial secretary; F. Mariano, treas
urer; E. L. Rittore, trustee; George Costa,
inside and Thomas O'Connor outside
sentinel, and Dr. J. E. Artigues. surgeon.
A banquet followed the ceremony and it
was presided over by E. L. Rittore, the
retiring past president, who, on behalf of
the parlor, was presented a diamond and
gold badge. Responses to toasts were
given by Grand Secretary Lundstedt, As
sistant Grand Secretary Jamison and all
the new officers.
D. Fahey, head advisor of the jurisdic
tion of the Pacific, last evening installed
the officers of Tamalpais Camp. Woodmen
of the World, who arc: Dr. M. B. Estes,
past consul commander; A. L. Hill, con
sul commander; A. A. Perrin, advisor
lieutenant; Dr. M. B. Estes, clerk: H. M.
Greene, assistant clerk; F. A. Maestrelli,
escort; F. J. Kelly, watchman, and J. F.
Green. E. Strockmeir and F. J. Mahoney,
i managers.
The following officers of Court Seal
' Rock No. 45. Foresters of America, were
j installed by District Deputy Chief Ranger
I Harry Simon last evening: Junior past
chief ranger, J. F. Arndt; chief ranter,
: S. B. de Silva; sub-chief ranger. Charles
M. Troppmann; recording secretary. H.
J. Willis: senior woodward, Elwood K.
Hill: junior woodward, George Randall;
senior beadle, A. AY. Roberts: junior
beadle, J. B. Ryan. Grand Treasurer
| Frank Conklin, also District Deputy Chief
I Ranger H. Simon, made some instructive
remarks. Under good and welfare re
freshments were served.
Perry in Trouble Again.
David R. Perry, the contractor, after
being clubbed with a revolver by Police
man Boyd on Wednesday, was released on
$50 cash bail by Judge Mogan. When the
cases against him were called yesterday
he failed to appear, and his attorney.
Archie Campbell, told the Judge that
Perry had been in the corridor but had
disappeared. The Judge issued a bench
warrant for his arrest, and yesterday af
ternoon he was arrested outside the City
Hall on Larkin street while talking to
Chief Lees. He will not be released on
bail and will probably be sent before the
Insanity Commissioners.
U. S. Judge Beatty Will Preside.
Hon. James H. Beatty, Judge of the
United States District Court of Idaho, ac
companied by his wife, arrived in this
city last night and took rooms at the
California Hotel. Judge Beatty will pre
side in the United States Circuit Court
during the remainder of this month and
August, while Circuit Judge Morrow is
on vacation. Judge Beatty will begin his
session next Monday morning at 10 o'clock
and will hear all cases on the July term
calendar.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is sad and disap- $¥p^_/^-*C-**^
pointing for a father.>^tev/2y" _y^_~>
to rear a son, spend ~J^Hys2* "^y^y
hard-earned money -y_3f jv^..\__**r_ < «-^
for his education, /^ iR *-£'"> \ '
work to insure him « '~ J *"}_'fcC*Vj ' '
j an advantageous start """"^l"' Jr
in life, and build cas- *— "**,
ties in the j air about
the boy's future, only ■
; to have him killed off in the early years
I of manhood by the dread disease con-
sumption.
Until recent years consumption was con-
sidered an incurable disease. Now it is
, known to tens of thousands that Doctor
! Pierces Golden Medical Discovery cures
i - 98 per cent, of all cases if taken in the early
stages of the disease. It also cures bron-
c hitis, laryngitis, throat and nasal troubles
j and all allied diseases of the air-passages.
It is the best blood-maker and flesh-builder,
the best general tonic and nerve restora-
t ive. ■ It gives a keen edge to the appe-
tite, corrects the impaired digestion, pro-
; motes the flow of digestive juices, facili-
tates the production of chyle in the lower
stomach, or intestines, invigorates the liver
and purifies and enriches the blood. It
tears down old and inert tissues and builds
up new, firm, muscular tissues of health.
: It strengthens the heart's action, promotes
j the circulation of the blood to every part
I of the body and deepens the breathing,
; thus supplying the blood with vitalizing
oxygen. Thousands have testified to its
merits. The dealer who offers something
else as "just as good " is dishonest.
"I never was very strong and then I had La
Grippe," writes Miss Grade G. Smith, of 4SO
ic*h St.. Salem. Oregon. "' I had a cough and
felt tired all the time. I took three bottles of
■ Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription and two of
'Golden Medical Discovery ' and two vials of
'Pleasant Pellets.' I have better health now
than for many years."
Twenty-one one-cent stamps cover the
mailing of a paper-covered copy of Doctor
Pierces Common Sense Medical Adviser.
Cloth-bound, -a -tamps. Send to Dr. R. V.
I Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET, NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library or choice 'iterator* •__»
Just been added.
' ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING,
!*el:jrhtfully and Conveniently l-ocated, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
Center..
RATES MODERATE.
American nnd European Plans.
Write tor our book. "The Empire Illustrated.'*
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Pro rietor.
P m For the Best SIO Suit;
I , CJ to order you must go to ,|
I; A|fc JOE POHEIJVI.
\ Jsnlbifcrt ■" or $*^ y° u can S e,: a
—4?ffi-%8-% fine, well '-'--" well !
1 *^fi^iv_^/^ trimmed suit at !i
pSF JOE POHEIM'S. :
• 1 >r**§r^/ Will cost elsewhere $+0. ,1
Ji B^^S All-wool, sty! ; -cut
. <*_ Sd Pants to order from $4
J g? 1 to $12 at
XsN* JOE POHEIM'S,
■ '! 201-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush /
) 1110,1112 Market St.. S. F. *
NOTICE.
Assessment Book of Real and Per-
sonal Property, 1899.
OFFICE OF THE CLERK OF BOARD OF
Supervisors of the City anil County of San
! Francisco, City Hall building;, second floor. July
. 4. 1899. -<v
Public notice is hereby given, in accordance
with section No. 3654 of the Political Code, that
the Assessment Book of the City and County of
Ban Francisco, for the year 1899, has been com-
pleted and delivered to me, as Clerk of th-
Board of Supervisors, together with the map
books and statements, and will be open for ex-
amination tn this office from 9 o'clock a. m. to
4 o'clock p. m., and that said Board of Super-
visors met to examine the Assessment Book
and equalize the assessment of property therein
on MONDAY AFTERNOON. July 3, IS.-.', at i
o'clock, and will thereafter continue in session
front time to time until the business of equal-
ization presented to them is disposed of, but not
later than the 17th day of July. 1593.
Applications for correction of assessment of
real estate and personal property are required
to be verified by oath.
Public notice is also given, that in accordance
with sections 1397, 1899 and 3654 of the Political
Code, the Military Roll has been completed, de-
livered over to me and is now open for exam-
ination and correction, as provided by law.
JOHN A. RUSSELL. Clerk.
000000000000000000
I™* PALACE a - k Pq
°GRANO HaT£ __^l
Q SAN FRANCISCO. "
Connected by a covered passageway.
•***■ 00 Room?— 900 v.: h T'ath Attached. •*•**
O All Under On? Management. O
O • NOTE THB P3ICES:" O
O European Plan.Sl.OO per day and upward Q
O American Plan. S*J. Of) ;»e; day and upward _
Correspondence Solicited. O
O JOHN' 0. KIR SPA Till CZ. X.-.g.r O
000000000000000000
MAKE PERFECT _V_Eft?
aDO ROT DESPAIR! Dc not Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Xrrroui Debility aro
I absolutely cured by PEKF_(TO
i TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
Esoiunia, [ailing memory and the waste
"and drain of vital powers, incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of ear'y years.
Impart vipror ami potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Oire /.SSk bloom to tii a
oheeics and lustre to the eve* of A^fji\ young or old.
One box renews vital energy A* ■_*> boxes at
82. 50 a complete guaranteed cure vr*"**i**y or money re-
funded. Can be carried In ve»t >«e_!»- pocket. "Sol J .
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
Vriee ny im* •*•■• r»'*"< r<» tn., C" r '~ 1.1.1,,. GMeM«,ni.
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. Baldwin Pharmacy.
W. J. Bryan (two stores). Grant Drug Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
_^Mi^\y ELECTRIC BELTS,
/___j&&j^s>^& _\ PrJcesl from J3 50 to
t^AV^'vi'iX •?*~M_?i ' 25 * Largest ma*i_-
ft&jjvv,'! Jj ■ / MjSiJ factuwrs in the Unl-
>S^^rST^4A*n^??W^ ' ci ' HH ates. No Quacks
s^sS»^___x**'7_^ connected with this
V)v^___s3p - "^VJ?\ establishment.
' .3C - 'f » \r_r ror particular.
]!?vjp""- call or send 2c Iri
'f\* , » stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F. ■
/r_*^>\ LADIES DO TOO HOT
r J^T OH, FELIX 4.E BRUM'S !
Tjjff*) Steel § Pennyroyal Treatment
v" Jis the original and only FRENCH.
J r • wis and reliable care on the mar-
_f *Xket. Price. $1.00; sent Df mail.
%r t, Genuine sold only by
GEO. DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agents.
tli Kearny at., San Francisco. _^
/^*___^____________/^\
E "PATENTSI 1}
V/?Fs^**'* ilf m tS—-sm~C-mmy_^Q_}l_p
XS^33O MARKET ST. S.F. ***^
56
SATURDAY. . . . . .TT. .77.77. . . JULY 8, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ,
Address_AllJ^m^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. ?
Telephone Main 1-63.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187..
DELIVERED BT CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER "WEEK.
Single Copies, B cants.
Term by _b.ll. Including- Post**.:
DAILY CALL (Inclnflii S.nday Call), ono year. 7%\'_\
DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call). 6 month. 8.« M»
DAILT CALL < including Sunday Call). 3 month. "" ;
DAILY CALL- Slnple Month "' *-" I
SUNDAY CALL One Year **'
WEEKLY CALL One Year _"'." .
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription-.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE ~~ 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
M.n.fier Foreign Advertising. Marquette Building,
Chicago.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
then-la-! House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
l*-»_aont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE!
PERRY LJJKCNS dR 29 Tribuno Bulldlnft
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
"Waldorf-Aster Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel. .
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE .Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
.pen until 9:30 o'clock- 237 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open urjtll 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larßln street, open uotll 9:30 o'clock- '
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
ttreet. corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
•econd and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
A-__USEJffENTS-
Ctolumbia— "The Adventure of Lady Ursula."
California— "A Midnight BeU."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Tivoli— "Shamus O'Brien."
Alcazar— "Don Caesar de Bazan" and "Only the Master
Bhal'. Blame."
Grand Opera House— "The Beggar Student."
Alhambra -"The Barber of Seville."
Chutes, Zoo and Free Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon
and evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co., Market street, near Eighth—
tle of Manila Bay.
Sutro Swimming Races, etc
Union Coursing Park Cou: .*.£ to-day.
Recreation Park- Baseball To-day.
Glenn Park — Grand performance to-morrow.
AUCTION SAEES.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Monday, July 10, at 11 o'clock—
Horses, at 220 Valencia street.
By Easton, Eldridge & Co.— Tuesday, July 11, at 12 o'clock
Real Estate, at 63S Market street
By J. D. Horan— Horses, at Tenth and Bryant street--
ThjE BERKELEY PRESIDENCY.
THE settlement of the presidency of the Univer
sity of California is perhaps in sight and perhaps
not. The election of Professor Wheeler has not
taken place. The Regents have nominated him. but
whether he elects to come depends upon the result of
his observations on the spot. We have already re
ferred to the burden of political control that is upon
State universities. That this burden has long
been an incubus upon Berkeley is no secret.
There are long-standing dissensions in the fac
ulty and feuds among the Regents. These
have been the upper and nether millstones be
tween which four presidents have been triturated b
yond endurance. No man is anxious to make the fifth
of the list. No scholar of the required standing will
be willing to serve as a sort of steam gauge to register
the pressure on the political boiler that runs the in
stitution. The president must be president, if peace
and progress are to characterize the future of the uni
versity. He must be president as Jordan is at Stan
ford, where his splendid personality and power, his
learning, joined to the finest sense of justice and his
faultless judgment of men, have gathered around him
a faculty of matchless workers, who are content to
depend for their future upon the fact that they were
with Jordan at Stanford.
President Andrew D. White of Cornell, now repre
senting his country in the Peace Conference at The
Hague and settled as our Embassador to Germany, in
his great work on the conflict between theology and
science, describing the difficulties of Agassiz in giving
up the theory of special creations, compliments the
great naturalist for that his influence, his habits of
observation and deduction, gave to the world Jordan,
his student, not to follow his theories, but to aid in the
proof of other hypotheses by the use of his methods.
This is a statement merely of the tolerance that must
lule the republic of letters. It rules at 'Stanford,
where the sweet spirit of science has put dogmatism
out of the door.
Under the system there no injustice such as has
cursed professional life at Berkeley can occur. If
Professor Wheeler come to Berkeley the Regents
should bring him as president, not as the puppet of
an academic senate, which, though not created by any
law of the institution, exists, with the power to or
ganize cabals among the Regents and undermine
any professor or president marked for a fall.
As Stanford has risen through the harmony brought
about by the headship of a great intellectual personal
ity, Berkeley has fallen. In the dark days at Stan
ford, when the endowment was in danger and the
running funds were tied up by the courts. President
Jordan patiently ate his crust with the janitor, and be
tween those two extremes professors and tutors went
to their unrecompensed duties with smiling faces and
perfect faith in the future.
At Berkeley the difference in methods, the stand- j
ing deficit in funds, the tendency to faction and feud,
make one man grudge the butter on another's bread',
and misfortune is supported with impatience. Make ;
the president president, and watch for the desirable j
change which will come.
United States District Judge de Haven has just ren- j
dered a decision in a bankruptcy proceeding' to the '
effect that bakers' tools arc exempt from the attacks !
of creditors. He probably holds that the "dough"
should satisfy them. >
♦
. The ravages of the newly discovered kissing bug are
alarming the people of the Eastern States. He is not
related to the justly celebrated kissing bee, which is
still held in high favor in all parts of the country.
Nothing is created that has not its place in the
economy of nature. Even the hairy Populist is use
ful as stuffing for the Democratic pillow.
There is either a curious flagpole or a badly mixed
metaphor over in Oakland. A correspondent, speak
ing of it, says it is a bone of contention.
Columbia is undoubtedly the gem of the ocean.
She has again shown a clean pair of heels to the De
fender. ....
• ■.-..
BUBONIC POLITICS.
THE CALL had hoped and almost expected that
provision would lie made for a representative
municipal convention of the Republican party
this year; through which a ticket would be presented,
I composed of such independent, strong and unexcep
tionable Republicans that success at the polls would j
be overwhelming. It seemed that, with the new plan j
of municipal government, to take effect January i,
iqoo. and with the transparent and exaggerated dema
gog-ism of Mayor Phelan and his most blatant sup- j
porters, a better opportunity to secure a sound busi- j
! ness administration of local affairs under Republican ;
! auspices could not have been devised.
The disappointment we have so far experienced pro
duces mingled regret and indignation. It is apparent
that the treacherous railroad attempt to turn the
municipality and the State over to the fusion Dem- '•
ocracy, which originated last year, is under a full head
of steam. The action of the Republican County Com- i
mittee on Thursday night in adopting the blanket
plan of electing 306 delegates to a municipal conven- i
tion demonstrates the ascendency in that body of the
corrupt and monopolistic elements that the clean, in
telligent and manly Republicans of San Francisco are ;
pledged to repudiate. The dissolute political associa
tion between William F. Herrin and Daniel M.
Burns, of which Kelly and Crimmins are the figure
heads", took absolute control of the committee and j
impudently notified the community that in the muni- !
cipal contest the representative principle is to be ig
nored and that Republican citizens must smash party j
machinery or vote according to monopolistic preor- I
dination.
There are eighteen Assembly districts in San Fran
cisco. It had been well understood that a convention
of 306 members, with seventeen elected from each of
these districts, would not only be completely repre
sentative but would concentrate uncontrollable intelli
gence and judgment. William F. Herrin, Daniel M.
Burns and the entire Kelly and Crimmins contingent
have no machinery that would enable them to carry
eighteen separated primaries, all occurring at one j
time. -That plan, generally acquiesced in by the pub
lic and by the press, would have produced an assem- i
blage of nominating Republicans unsurpassed in our j
municipal history. It would have placed before the
voting mass of our people the American conception
of popular sovereignty as contrasted with the auto
cratic methods of Mr. Phelan and his Committee of
One Hundred.
But the viperous renegades who offer their party and
their country for sale day by day would rather die
from their own stings than submit to any rule of or- i
dinary decency, and they could not survive a dose 'of :
genuine Americanism. Therefore, they combined
their corrupt experience in a deliberate effort to re- i
duce the Republican voters of the city to the grade :
of automatons or puppets. By selecting seventeen i
men in each Assembly district, aggregating them into i
one ticket of 306 men and compelling every citizen
who participates in the primary to vote for the whole
number, they multiply the power of their own de
graded tools and overcome the controlling repre- ;
sentative influence of intelligence and of respectability.
It is in this way they propose to swamp education
and independence in the tenderloin and to establish
the local omnipotence of the vilest crew of traitorous
corruptionists that ever infested a metropolis contain
ing schools, churches and homes.
The Huntington monopoly and all the other vil- \
lainies associated with it are bent upon emasculating
the new charter if they cannot judicially destrdy it. Their
interference with Republican politics is one of their
methods of procedure. But they also have revenges
to gratify for the defeats they have recently sustained.
"Rule or ruin" is their undeviating principle. They
not merely claim their possession of a local and a '
State despotism, but they want the public to perceive
and acknowledge the claim and live in scared obedi
ence to their demands.
The omens are not propitious for political rascality
this year. The Call has expressed its strong desire for
a sound Republican administration of the municipal
government. In this respect it has not stood alone. '
It now* again warns the corruptionists, who appro
priately retained J. M. Chretien in their loving em
brace, that it will not indorse this blanket scheme to !
turn the Republican organization over to Mr. Hun
tington, William F. Herrin, Daniel M. Burns and
Crimmins and Kelly, and that it will not support but j
will vigorously oppose each and every nomination
that carries the taint or emits the odor of the railroad
monopoly, the boss or the machine.
We trust that some plan may yet be found to secure
a respectable convention and a sound Republican
ticket, and that the treachery of the railroad to the
Republican party may be frustrated. But time is
short and everything has an end. What is to be done
should be accomplished quickly..
STUDYING THE COAST.
WHILE the Association of American Agricul
tural Colleges and Experiment Stations is in
convention in this city, and the National Asso
ciation of Editors is in convention at Portland, thou
sands of members of the National Educational Asso
ciation are on their way to the grand assembly to be
held at Los Angeles. It is evidently a Pacific Coast
year for national conventions, and every- portion of
the coast is to be studied by observant men.
In his response to the address of welcome on the I
opening of the convention on Wednesday President j
Armsby, speaking for the Colleges and Experiment
Stations, said: "We have heard much of California,
the Empire State of the West, and we anticipate with
pleasure, our inspection of it. We accept your wel
come in our representative capacity, for we have
come to sec and examine your resources, of which j
we have heard so much. What little we have seen of
the State has been far beyond our expectations, and i
I can assure you that we shall make known through- |
out the country the things that we find here."
In that statement is summed up in a brief but com
prehensive way the motive which has impelled' our
Eastern visitors to come to this remote portion of the
Union for the purpose of holding conventions. The
routine work of the meetings, the reading of papers
and the discussion of various problems, could be per
formed in Eastern cities as well as here. It was,
therefore, not solely for the purpose of holding con
ventions, but for the purpose of studying Pacific
Coast conditions, that the editors have met at Port
land, the agriculturists in this city, ana the educators
will 'meet in Los Angeles.
Our benefits from the study of such bodies of men
as are now gathered on the coast are certain to be
great. Even the language of exaggeration when ap
plied to certain special features of the Pacific Coast
and its resources has fallen short of the real great
ness and variety of the natural richness of the land.
The more carefully our conditions are studied from
Puget Sound to San Diego Bay, and the more
scientifically accurate are the reports given of them,
the more impressive will their magnitude appear
and the more attractive will they be to the world.
We ask neither of the editors at Portland, the edu
cators at Los Angeles, nor of the agricultural experts
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
in this city anything more than President Armsby has
promised. If the visitors will study the coast from
the standpoint of that department of knowledge in
which they are experts, and make known throughout
the country the things they find here, we shall be
satisfied. We shall indeed have occasion to give them
thanks for their study and for their reports.
CALIFORNIA BUILDING MATERIAL.
NO little gratification has been felt over the an
nouncement from Washington that the Govern
ment, in awarding the contract for the stone
work of the new postoffice building, has stipulated
that the material used shall be Raymond granite. We
are thus saved from the absurdity, at one time threat
ened, of having stone brought from the East for the
construction of a public building in California.
It appears that considerable efforts were required to
induce the Treasury officials to make the stipulation
in' favor of Californian material. It may have been
that the suggestion of the use of Eastern stone was
due to a desire to throw the patronage of the depart
ment to certain firms in the East, but it is more likely
to have arisen from a belief that California lacked
stone suitable for the purpose. No amount of ignor
ance of the resources of this State or of the Pacific
Coast generally need surprise us on the part of the
officials at Washington. Time and again our inter
ests have been sacrificed under circumstances which
force the conclusion that the sacrifice was made
through sheer lack of knowledge of the interests at
stake.
The whole course of the history of the postoffice j
building shows how indifferent Washington is to !
California. At every step in the proceedings there j
has been a fight, and we have obtained the new cdi- !
fice not so much by a grant from the Government as
by a contest. It is ttue that for the delay in beginning I
the work the Government was not wholly to blame,
inasmuch as a strong opposition to the site selected \
was developed here, and warnings were sent to Wash
ington that the site was unsafe. Even after that fac- !
tious fight was ended, however, the delay continued, j
and it was not until earnest and repeated petitions j
were made on behalf of the people that the work of
construction began. j
At last everything seems to be moving in a satis- ''
factory way. It is indeed to be regretted that the j
contract for the stone work was not awarded to a
California firm, but that is a minor matter. The '
stipulation for the use of stone from our quarries j
means not only that much of patronage given to a
local industry, but shows that Washington has learned
that California possesses something besides gold !
mines and orchards. The new building will serve as I
an advertisement of the value of our quarries, and it j
may be that we shall ere long be called upon to ship
granite to the East.
PROBLEMS FOR THE PUBLIC.
PRESIDENT MACCABE of the National Edi
torial Association, in delivering the opening!
address at the, convention in- Portland, set forth
two important problems for the consideration of the !
association. The first is the desirability of bringing
about an equitable adjustment of laws affecting
journalism throughout the Union, and the second
that of ridding the public from the nuisance of ille- I
gitimate advertising. Each of these problems is a
serious one, and it is certainly time a solution should I
be undertaken.
The laws affecting newspapers are not only conflict
ing in different States, but are in many States so unfair
as to be virtually unfit for enforcement. We have in
this State two instances of such laws enacted at the
last session of the Legislature— one known as the
anti-cartoon act and the other as the signature act
neither of which has thus far served any other pur
pose than that of showing how much like wild rams
some legislators can be, and how much like a stray !
sheep a Governor can be who follows the lead of
such rams.
Laws of such a nature, varying with the freaks of
different State Legislatures,. while seemingly harmless
so long as they are unenforced, none the less consti
tute a heavy handicap upon the smaller newspapers I
of the community. Journals sufficiently rich and
powerful to be able to fight libel suits or other suits
brought for spite or coin can afford to ignore most !
of the vicious laws, but upon the country press, that !
serves as the guard and the champion of the common
rights of that great mass of the American people
living in comparatively small communities, such laws
are serious interferences with the performance of the !
full duty of an independent editor. It is for the gen- j
eral good, therefore, that such acts should be re- i
pealed and just laws enacted in their place.
The evils of illegitimate advertising, to which
President MacCabe referred, are becoming more por- '
tentous every day. In New York, where large cor
porations, chartered for other purposes, have engaged
extensively in advertising, a fight has been already
begun to protect the public from their exactions.
Among the corporations which are the most con
spicuous offenders in that way are railroads. None
of them are chartered to do an advertising business,
and yet all of them are more or less engaged in it.
Neither of these problems will be easy to solve.
The evil in each case springs from what seems a
natural depravity. Who can set a limit to the folly
of legislators? Who can fix bounds to the grasping
of corporations greedy for illegitimate gains? Diffi
cult, however, as the problems and the evils are, it
is worth while to grapple with them. If the editors
now in convention can devise any well-considered
means to remedy the wrong the public will cordially
support it.
King Leopold of Belgium can do nothing less than
decorate his "Old Probabilities." The weather sharp
to the King has undoubtedly saved that monarch his
job. Knowing the antipathy of the Socialists of his
native land to water in any form, he displayed the
signal for rain. Intending revolutionists, seeing it.
scattered in all directions. The beginning of one rain
may be said to have saved the end of another.
— — ■ ♦ -_-.
The automobile threatens to interject an element
of the ridiculous into our notions of the heroic. The
new machine is being urged as useful in war. Think
of General Otis sitting, Battle-scarred, on a horse
less carriage and posing for a statue.
— » __—
Cornelius Manning, the young scoundrel whe
threw a lighted lamp at his mother and frightfully
burned another woman, a man and a child, suggests
in his despicable self a convincing argument for the
occasional use of the whipping-post.
~T '
From the trend of events in Idaho it begins to look
as though a laboring man would have to get a permit
from the State authorities in order to live.
With fifteen hundred school teachers at Los An
geles, the young idea in the southern country should
do some straight shooting.
It is reported that strikers are brewing trouble at
Homestead. The old style distilled article does not
seem to be to their taste. :
- ■ . -. ..■-.... .
WARM WELCOME
AWAITING THE
OREGON BOYS
Volunteers Are Now
Expected Daily.
WATCHING FOR TRANSPORTS
SIRENS TO SHRIEK WHEN THE
SHIPS ARE SIGHTED.
. . ♦
Mayor Phelan and State Officials Will
Go Out on the Governor Mark
ham to Greet the Web
foot Warriors.
— , —
The transports Ohio and Newport,
bringing the Second Oregon Volunteers,
which left Manila early last month, are
expected to arrive in this port not later
than Monday night, possibly sooner, and
preparations are now under way to give
the returning YVebfoot soldiers a rousing
welcome. The instant the transports are
sighted by the special lookout stationed
at Point Reyes, the big siren at the Eu
reka Planing Mills will be turned loose
to carry the news to the citizens of San
Francisco and the surrounding country.
As the transports cannot reach the inner
harbor for two or three hours the various
reception committees will thus be given
ample time in which to get to the tugs
and launches that have been engaged for
the occasion.
Mayor Phelan, as the representative of
the city, will steam down the bay on the
Harbor Commissioners' tug Governor
Markham, and he will be accompanied by
Adjutant General Seamans, Major Gen
eral Dickinson and such other members
0- the Governor's staff as may be in the
city a brass band and a committee of the
Native Sons, composed of Messrs. Lewis
Bvington, Henry Lunstedt, Judge F. 11.
Dunne, Henry S. Martin, William D.
Shea, James I. Dockery. Mark A. Devine,
Frank H. Mills and George Dryden.
The Governor of Oregon may not reach
San Francisco until alter the arrival of
the transports. According to present
plans the troops will be debarked and
marched up Market street to the City
Hall and back to the water front Imme- !
diately upon their arrival, In order to give
an enthusiastic public tin opportunity to
express their appreciation of the soldiers
at close range. "When the signal an
nouncing the sighting of the transports
is given the scores of mills and factories
along the water front will take up the
tune and their whistles will shriek the
welcome tidings broadcast over the land.
The Harbor Commissioners will give the
ladies of the Red Cross the use of the ■
wailing rooms and corridors in the Ferry i
building when the soldiers arrive and the
ladies are busy preparing fruit, flowers j
and various delicacies for the expected
heroes.
According to the official reports received
from Manila fifty-nine members of the
Second Oregon Volunteers have been
killed in battle or died of disease since
the regiment left Portland, on May 16,
1898. The following Is a list of the dead, j
together with the cause of death:
Ellas Hutchinson, M, peritonitis; Rufus K.
Holcombe. C, typhoid: Edgar J. Johnson, D.
fever: Edward C. Young, A. fever; Harry M.
Wheeler. D, smallpox; William Fields, 1., ty
phoid; Herb B. Applegate, H. typhoid; Asa
McCune. A, pneumonia; Richard E. Perry, A,
typhoid; George "VV. Stormer, B. typhoid: Eliot
W. Ordwav, H. typhoid; C. E. Mlnier. M. ma
larial lever; Charles H. Ruhl, H. meningitis;
Charles Meade, C, measles; Harry Arpln, E.
asthma; C P. Oliver, H. ; Frank E. Ro
feno. G, asthma; J. J. Reid. M. malarial fever:
Charles L. Horn, C. dysentery; Ernest G. Se
gur, F. pleuro-pneumonia; Charles F. McCln
non, F. smallpox; Clyde Perkins. K. smallpox:
Charles F. Kent, C, measles; Otis Drew. C,
typhoid; Pearl O. Doty. C, smallpox; Ormond
Fletcher. C, rheumatism; Fred J. Norton, F,
dysentery; Frank M. Hibbs. A, dysentery: Har
ry B Hlbbard. K. typhoid: Lewis A. Miller,
A typhoid; John Fenton. B. hemorrhage; E.
X Morse, L, accident; Wtstar Hawthorne. C.
heart failure; Michael P. Crowley, D, ;
X W Hampton. H, battle; H. O. O" Flaherty.
L, fever: James G. Page, D, battle; H. P.
Adams li, battle; William D. Cook, D. battle:
Charles Herbert, L. battle; Guy Millard, i..
battle; L. V. Strawderman, L. battle; Hayes
B. Taylor. L. battle; C. W. Hubbard. K. fever;
Bert J Clark. A. battle: Henry Payne, M. bat
tle; bert Hoffman, M. battle; Joe L. Berry,
M ' battle; George Elchhamer, G. battle; John
H' F.=:_rings 11. fever: Jay E. Taylor. E. per
itonitis; Bert R. Chandler, C. erysipelas;
E R Mcllvalne, H. battle: Lyman Kelsey,
D tonsilitis: Charles U. Bell, M. pneumonia;
James W. Powers, B. measles; Ralph A. Odell,
A. dysentery; James Harrington, ( battle; W.
H. Roberts. B. pneumonia.
The War Department has practically
completed arrangements for muster out
the volunteers now on their way from
Manila to the United States, as well as
those who have not yet started. The great
majority of the returning soldiers will be
quartered at the Presidio. Only those
regiments whose members are afflicted
with contagious diseases will be sent to
the ramp at Angel Island. .
Lieutenant Colonel Wagner, Fourth
Cavalry. i". S. A., has been retired from
active service after over forty-three years
in the army. Lieutenant Wagner is one
of the best known officers on the coast,
and his record is an enviable one. He is
succeeded by Major Edward Hayes of the
Seventh Cavalry.
Captain C. J- Crane, Twenty-fourth
United States Infantry, who served in
Cuba as colonel of the Ninth Immune
Regiment, has arrived in San Francisco
under orders to rejoin his regiment. He
will probably go to Manila with the re
maining companies of the Twenty-fourth.
AROUND THE
. CORRIDORS
Assemblyman P. J- Mack of Inyo Coun
ty Is at tlie Lick.
Judge J. W. Mahan of Bakersfleld is a
guest at the Lick.
O. G. Sage, the Sacramento capitalist, is
a guest at the Palace. .
Dr. Hillard of Denver is one of the late
arrivals at the Palace.
C. L. Wilson, a rich rancher of Antloch,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
L. F. Doolittle, managing editor of the
San Diego Tribune, ls at the Grand.
B. G. Tognazzlnl, the well-known bank
er of Salinas, is registered at the Grand.
Colonel J. B. Rawles. U. S. A., is at the
Occidental, where he arrived last even
ing.
Professor and Mrs. Rennle of Adelaide,
South Australia, are guests of the Occi
dental. *
F. A. Shepard, proprietor of the Yosem
ite Hotel at Stockton, ls a guest at the
Grand.
C. H. Fairall. one of the leading attor
neys of Stockton, is registered at the
Grand.
F. H. Bingham, a capitalist of Portland.
Or., is at the Occidental accompanied by
his wife. Vi '
D. R. Cameron and J. W. Barbour, two
well-known fruit growers of Hanford, no
staying at the Lick.
M. H. Anderson, a capitalist and lend
ing politician of Independence, Mo., Is a
guest at the Occidental.
Edmund Deetiam, a young Belgian
gentleman traveling for pleasure, arrived
at the Falace yesterday.
William Mahl, comptroller of th* South
crn Pacific Company, has returned from
New York and is registered at lln- I '.ill
fornia.
F. Lnmson-Scribncr of Washington, l>
C, head of the bureau for the study of
grasses and forage plants, lv a guest at
the Palace.
At the Palace yesterday Colonel J. R.
Harding, the Nevada cattle king, arrived.
Colonel Harding is accompanied by his
wife and daughter.
Hy. Berry, the well-known and wealthy
Dawson mining man, has come down
from the north on a business trip and is
to be found at the Lick.
C. O. Stutz, a wealthy manufacturer of
Chicago, and Dr. H. H. Mclntyre. one of
the leading physicians of Klrkwell, Mo.,
are both registered at the Grand.
Judge Beatty, Circuit Judge of Nevada.
is at the California. He arrived last
night to relieve Circuit Judge Morrow
while the latter goes off on pis annual
vacation. ' .- ,"»..-'•■'
Percy H. O'Brien left yesterday by
steamer for a short visit to Portland and
other principal cities of the north.
Colonel S. P. Jocelyn and Captain Wal
ter C." Sweeney, U. S. A., are registered
at the Occidental. Colonel Jocelyn comes
to the ccast for the purpose of mustering
out the returning volunteers.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, July 7.— David Lubiu of
Sacramento, merchant and political econ
omist, is at the Fifth Avenue. Mrs. Beat
rice Brougham of St.. Marys, Cal., is at
the Vendome. Henry R. Barlow of Los
Angeles is at the Marlborough. Charles
D. Butter of Oakland is at the Bartholdi.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
GIBSON— X. N.. Niles. Cal. TKfc ad
dress of Charles Dana Gibson, artist, is,
care of Harper's Weekly, New iork City.
THE SIXTH FOR MANILA— F. B. H.,
City. The Sixth United States Infantry
left San Francisco for Manila May 22,
I.M, on the Sherman.
HIS EXCELLENCY— D. F. M.. City. It
was customary in the days of George
Washington to address him, when Presi
dent, as His Excellency.
GRANDSONS OF VETERANS— E. T.
N., Oakland. Cal. There is no organiza
tion in California that is composed Of
grandsons of men who fought in the wars
of ISI2 and 1547.
THE PRESIDIO FLAG— A. S., City.
The reason that the garrison flag at the
Presidio was not half-masted on Memor
ial day is because the garrison flag al
ways floats at the masthead.
A MARCH— L. F. J., City. This depart
ment is always ready to answer any ques
tion to which an answer can be obtained,
but it cannot answer the following: "Can
you tell me the name of the march which
was played for the firemen on the Fourth
of July? The same was also played for
one of the regiments." There were doz
ens of marches played.
VARNISH FOR VIOLINS— Torr, Moro,
j Or. The varnish that Italians use on
violins is made up in the following pro
portions: Rectified alcohol, half a gallon;
sandarac gum, six ounces; gum mastic,
j three ounces; turpentine varnish, half a
I pint. The varnish used by Germans is
i made up of: Gum sandarac, four parts;
shellac, two pets; gum mastic, one part;
Benzoe'fl resin, two parts; Venetian tur
; pentine, two parts, and alcohol, thirty
' two parts.
JULY 4, 1876— X. T. Z.. City. The pa-
I rade and sham battle *n July, 1876, in San
i Francisco, did not take place the same
day. The sham battle at the Presidio "was
in the afternoon of the 3d of July and the
parade was on the morning of the 4th.
On the morning of the 3d there was an
attack by war vessels on Lime Point and
i on a fire-ship anchored off Arch Rock.
! This ship was target in imitation of an
! ironclad. The Pensacola, the Jamestown
and the Portsmouth and the monitor Ca
manche made the attack on the ship.
■ m> ■
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb. Townsend's. *
■ ♦ ■
Peanut taffy; best in world. Townsend's. •
■ ♦ ■
Treat your friends to Townsend's Cali
fornia Glace Fruits, 50c lb. in fire-etched
boxes or Japanese baskets. 627 Market St.,
Palace Hotel building. •
.■ ♦ .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau ("Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The Kopp Murder.
Mrs. Louisa Kopp was instructed and
arraigned in Judge Conlan's court yester
day on the charge of murdering her hus
band. By consent the preliminary exami
nation was set for Monday afternoon at 2
o'clock.
■ ♦ ■
On July 13 and 14 the Santa Fe route will sell |
tickets to Indianapolis and return at the very !
low rate of $76. Occasion — annual meeting of
the Epworth League. Get full particulars at i
the Santa Fe offlce. 628 Market street.
. ♦ ■
Luxuriant hair with Its youthful color as :
sured by using Parker's Hair Balsam.
_i*-._>Kj-o i hns, the best cure tor corns. 15 ct*.
.■ ♦ ■
Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters, appetizer and ;
Invlgorator, imparts a delicious flavor to all j
drinks and cures dyspepsia.
9xzzzz&z&zZr^^ 9
Consul Ho Vow on the Break- 1
ing Up of China. 1
•• | <->
What Society Girls Would Do if
They Had to Depend Upon 1
Their Own Resources.
I San Francisco's Fashionable 1
Hermit. 1 '•
I The Passing of the Boers— Curious 1 t#
I Alaskan Customs— Mexico's Unfor- | •*
I tunate Princess— General Maceo's |
| Executioner How Theatrical Peo- |
I pie Live in Private. |
| NOTE THE /.JJJ-AGJIVE FFAJURES IN NEXJ 1
1 Sunday's Call I
' I \ JULY 9, 1899. - 1
9 r r iri&ZZZZZ&&r^^
1 America's Greatest Fourth of |
July Bonfire.
How Horses Are Trained for 1
I the Fire Department.
How. Professor Bell Invented I
the Telephone. I
I What Has Woman Done' to These Poor |
| . Fellows? Alameda Has a Club |'
| Composed Only of Divorced Men, | »-» #
I and California City Is Populated by 1 •
| Men Who Have Never Married and |
I Swear They Never Will. |
CITY OFFICERS
CLAMORING FOR
MORE MONEY
Trouble in Store for
Supervisors.
——-a
HEALTH BOARD TQ BE HEARD
A
JUDGE MURPHY MUST SEE THE
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION.
»
Finance Committee Holds Up a Bill
of Dunham, Carrigan & Hay
den for Investiga
tion.
a
Protests against the reduced apportion
ments for municipal departments are be
j ginning to pour in upon the Supervisors.
i and the members are anticipating an ex
| ceedingly uncomfortable time of it dur
i ing the next few weeks. An inkling of
what may be expected in the future was
given at the meeting of the Finance Com
mittee yesterday afternoon.
The first to appear was Assistant Dis
trict Attorney E. S. Salomon, who asked
the committee to Increase the salary of tha
stenographer and typewriter employed by
District Attorney Murphy. Salomon ex
plained that he appeared on behalf of his
chief, who thought that the stenograph
er's present salary of $50 was entirely in
adequate, as he had to work long over
time to handle the business of the office.
Chairman Perrault explained that being
pledged to the dollar limit he did not see
how It was possible to allow the stenog
rapher any more pay. "Tell Judge Mur
phy," concluded Perrault. "to see the
Merchants' Association or Mayor Phelan.
Perhaps they can figure out how your
stenographer can get more money under
the dollar limit. We can l."
Next a communication was read from
the Free Library Trustees, setting forth
many reasons why the library appropria
tion should not be reduced to the $50,000
allowed by the committee's estimate. It
was placed on file. .".'-'- _ . ,_,.
Then the Board of Health got in with
a written protest against the financial
slashing it. gets, and asking that a time
be set when the members of the board
may appear before the committee and
personally enter a protest. As it waa evi
dent that the Board of Health intends to
make a vigorous fight against the reduc
tion, it was decided to give the members
a hearing next Tuesday evening at 7:30
o'clock.
Clerk Russell was instructed to send out
notices to those who have filed protests
against their assessments that the Su
pervisors will meet as a Board of Equal
ization at 10 a. m., Tuesday, and continue
in daily session until all protests are acted
upon.
The committee reported in favor of re
questing the Assessor to inform the board
as to the amount of assessable property
upon which the board may estimate with
out any uncertainty the amount of the
levy to be raised by the board on the
third Monday in September. 1899, so that
sufficient revenue may be provided for the
support and maintenance of the several
departments for the fiscal year 1599-1900,
and in compliance with the pledge exacted
from the members of the board.
The charges of extreme favoritism in
the purchase of supplies for the Fire De
partment cropped up again when a bill
from Dunham, Carrigan & Hayden wan
presented to the committee. Chairman
Perrault announced that of the fifty itema
in the bill only five were included in the
contract, the others being bought in open
market. He cited carriage bolts, which
were purchased from that firm at 3 cents
each, while the contract price was 96
cents a hundred. . -
"What's that?" demanded Collins.
"Why, that's a raise of $2 05 per hundred
over "the contract price."
"Here are the figures in the bill; they
speak for themselves," replied Perrault.
"The best thing for us to do is to hold
this bill up." The other members fully
agreed with him. and the chances are
good for the heads of the Fire Depart
ment and Dunham. Carrigan & Hayden
being called upon to do some explaining.JUDGE MORROW SCORES
THE COMMISSIONERS
They Obliged the State to Put Up
Costs in the Grain Rate Case,
He Says They Advanced a Contradictory and Incon=
sistent Opinion and They Must Abide by the
Consequences - -The Costs Will Be Heavy.
IX the United States Circuit Court yes
terday morning Judge Morrow, in an
oral opinion, decided the motion of
the Railroad Commissioners to be al
lowed their costs in the grain rate
case and denied their application to
be reimbursed their expenses, and stated
the reasons therefor.
The court referred to the action of the
Board of Railroad Commissioners in pass
ing a resolution last April deprecating the
litigation and reciting that it was advisa
ble to remove the cause thereof by re
pealing the original resolutions for re
ducing rate?, against the enforcement of
which an injunction had been Issued; and
directing their counsel to obtain a dis
missal of the case without costs to either
party: that soon after the passage of this
resolution the Attorney General and spe
cial counsel for the board had appeared in
court and moved for a dismissal of the
case without costs to either party, at the
same time presenting to the court a copy
of the resolution of the board authorizing
such action; that the court had denied
this motion upon the ground that the
Commissioners, as defendants in the suit,
had no right to move for its dismissal, but
stated at the time of so deciding that
the complainant had the right if
it saw fit to exercise it; that
Thereafter the complainant, following
the lines indicated by the court, had
filed a dismissal of the case and procured
a final decree of dismissal without asking
for its costs; that after this action was
taker, the Board of Railroad Commission
ers had come in and made a motion to
have the decree amended so as to allow
them their costs.
This the court designated as "rather a
remarkable proceeding" ln view of the
fact that the Commissioners had initiated
the dismissal of the action and had vol
untarily moved for the same, waiving
any claim to costs. The court held that
by so doing they were estopped from now
complaining because a decree of dismis
sal had been entered without allowing
costs to either party: that it was the duly
of the court, sitting as a chancellor, to re
gard the whole proceedings and ascertain
the real intention of the parties, and from
all that had taken place the court must
conclude that the Railroad Commission
ers had regarded the resolutions against
which the injunction ran as the real
cause of the Ration and were seeking
to remove that cause by repealing then*.
and that they aimed to do away with tho
grounds of action on behalf of the rail
road company by rescinding the resolu
tions complained of; that the complainant,
the railroad company, had the right to
regard their action as taken in good
faith and to act upon it.
The court intimated that it was rather
a contradictory position for counsel of the
Railroad Commissioners to come into
court first and ask for a dismissal of the
case without costs and then after their
request had been acceded to by the other
side to change their tactics and make a
subsequent application for costs upon an
entirely different theory from that upon
which they had first proceeded; that such
Inconsistency would not be regarded with
favor in a court of equity and th* Com
missioners would be obliged to abide by
the consequences following. their firs po
sition, the result being that their motion
must be denied and they should recover no
costs in the action.
It follows from this decision that the
Commissioners not only failed to get any
previous costs incurred in the suit but
they will be also obliged to pay the costs
of their motion, Including reporter' fees
and the like, which will be an additional
tax upon the State treasury.
The following is the full text of Judge
Morrow's decision:
On the Sth day of May, 1889, the At
!torney General of the State and spe
cial counsel for the respondent, the
Board of Railroad Commissioners of
this State, made a motion for the dis
missal of this case upon each party
to the action paying its own costs in
curred In the case. The motion was
based upon certain resolutions adopted
by the respondent board on the 24".h
day of April. 1899 whereby certain pre
vious resolutions adopted by the
board on the 12th and 13th days of
September. 1895; relating to freight and
grain rates on complainant's system
of railroads in California, were re
scinded, annulled, vacated, set aside
and repealed.
It was recited in the resolutions of
April 24, 1899, that the respondent
board deemed it expedient and for the
best interests of the people of the
State that said litigation be not fur
ther maintained or carried on, but that
the same be discontinued: and, the
board being advised and of the opin
ion that the best and only method
of stopping said litigation was by re
moving the cause of it. It was there
fore resolved that the resolutions of
September _ and 13. 1895, should be re
pealed.
In other words, the respondent, the
Board of Railroad Commissioners,
came into this court and asked for
a dismissal of this case upon the re
cital that they had repealed th*- reso
lutions relating to freight charges
which had led to the institution of the
suit. The court denied the motion as
then made, because there were certain
recitals contained In those resolutions
which it appeared were not In con
formity with the record in the case.
It was also suggested by the court
at that time that this motion, as the
case then stood, should properly come
from the complainant in the action.
Upon this suggestion of the court,
complainant's counsel made a motion
for the dismissal of the cause on the
_9th day of May, 1899. This motion
was accompanied by a copy of the
proceedings of the respondent board
as set forth in the motion made there
tofore by the respondent as to the re
peal of the resolutions adopted by it
in September, 1595. Upon that motion
of complainant, a decree was entered
by the court that the cause be dis
missed. The decree was silent as to
costs. The complainant did not ask
for such a decree, presumably for the
reason that the motion was made on
the proceedings had by the respond
ent board and upon the previous mo
tion made by the Attorney General
specifically providing that each party
should pay its own costs incurred.
Thereafter, on the 24th day of May.
1899, the Attorney General of the State
and the special counsel representing |
the respondent board filed a motion to
so amend the decree as to award to the
respondent board as against the com
plainant all the costs by It incurred
in the action. On the same day the
complainant filed a similar motion.
The question before the court now is
as to whether the decree so made by
the court should be amended so as to
provide for ihe payment of costs, and
if bo, which party should be required
to pay these costs.
The respondent board in this case
supports its motion for an amendment
of the decree providing for the allow
ance of costs to it upon the ground
that it has been successful In this
suit. This • aim Is based upon the
contention that the resolutions adopt
ed by the respondent board on Sep- ■
tember 12 and 13, 1895. w.ere merely pre
liminary to a reduction of freight
charges upon the lines of the Southern
Pacific Railroad, and that effective
action of the board was not taken until
September 17. 1895. when a schedule of j
rates was adopted by the board, and J
that what the board did on the 24th
day of April, 1599, was to repeal these
preliminary resolutions adopted by the
Railroad Commission on September 12
and IS. 1595, while the schedule of rates
adopted on September 17, 1896, was not
disturbed; that the real action of the
Board of Railroad Commissioners was
contained in the resolution of Septem
ber 17, 1895, relating to the schedule of
rates, and that the preliminary resolu
tions of the 32th and 13th of Septem
ber. 1595, were in effect harmless.
This proposition is remarkable, in
view of the record I rind in this case.
The controversy in this court appears
to have covered this whole question
as to the scope of the original resolu
tions and their relation to the schedule
of rates. The relation of these resolu
tions of September 12th and 13th to the
schedule of rates adopted on Septem
ber 17 appears to have been fully* con
sidered by the court, and upon the de
cision of the motion for Injunction
Judge Mi Kenna pointed out. if not by
express language by implication, that
It was the province of the court to
arrest the uplifted arm before the blow
should be struck.
This was the theory of the interposi
tion of the court with respect to the
8 per centum resolution relating to
grain rates, after the threatened
action of the respondent board, when
it adopted its resolution on the 12th
and 13th of September, 1895, and before
the schedule of rates had been put In
operation. Judge McKenna indicated
in his opinion that the time for the
court to act in such a matter was
after the threat and before the blow*
fell: that if the complainant had wait
ed until after the schedule of rates
had been put in operation, then some
other action would have been nec
essary.
With respect to the 25 per centum
resolution, it appeared that the com
plainant had been premature in its
application for an injunction, because
the Railroad Commissioners had not
yet reached the point of action where
the court could properly arrest the
proceedings of the board.
Referring to this resolution, ■ Judge
McKei na quoted from the argument
of Judge Hayne as follows: "They
say (the commission) that they do not
consider it binding, and are not going
to do anything without further con
sideration, which, of course, may lead
to very different results. The service,
if it is to be made, has to be made by
their order, by their authority; and
they have not yet even made up the
schedule which is to be served. They
come here, high officers of State, and
swear they are not going to take the
action without a further, full, free,
and fair Investigation."
Judge McKenna then said: "I am
disposed to accept this as true and
sincere. Indeed. I do not know how
not to do so, regarding them, as they
must be regarded, as truthful; nor do
I care to risk the slightest embar
rassment to them as officers in any
proper investigation of the complain
ant, or any of its constituent roads,
the results* of which cannot be put
into force, even If it was desirable to.
except in a direct and open way. and
the detriment of which, if any, can
be arrested before it fall."
The respondents' contention that
there was no effective action in he
resolutions of September 12 and 13 is
clearly contrary to what the court
determined, as well as contrary to the
argument of counsel. The whole case,
from the beginning to the end, outlines
a procedure in a court of equity on
the part of the complainant to arrest
the action of the respondents before
their action should be beyond the
reach of the court. Put if it be said
that these preliminary resolutions were
ineffective and harmless and that the
real assault was in this resolution of
September 17, 1895. which latter reso
lution has not been disturbed by the
board, then, in my judgment, upon
that theory of the proceedings the re
spondent board is estopped to make
any such claim; they will not he per
mitted, after all this controversy, to
say that the real conflict md the real
action of the board were involved in
this resolution of September 17, 1895,
and that this resolution still remains
as evidence that the respondents have
been successful in this suit.
It is not for this court, upon a mo
tion of this character, to determine
who has been successful In a suit. The
decree or judgment speaks for Itself
upon such a question, but when a court
is called upon to modify a degree it
will not be misled by the mere form of
the proceedings which have brought
the case to a conclusion. A court of
equity is never to be deceived by mere
form, nor will it allow parties to come
into court one day contending for sup
posed rights upon one theory and the
next lay shift their position and say
there is no controversy upon that prop
osition at all. but It is somewhere else
and with respect to questions not be
fore considered.
In my opinion, therefore, the respon
dent board is estopped to say now that
that there was nothing in the prelim
inary resolutions and that they were
passed for no purpose or by Inadver
tence. The Attorney General sug
gested, by way of illustration, that the
preliminary resolutions, in their rela
tion to the resolution of September 17,
were of the same character as where
a Legislature composed of two boused
passes a bill in each house and both
bills become laws by the action of the
houses at different dates, the two bills
being identical, and afterward, upon
examination, the two laws are
found upon the statute book and to be
identical, and the Legislature then re
peals one of them as useless and as a
mere Incumbrance on the books.
The court cannot look at these reso
lutions in that light. I do not hay
what the court might have determined
with respect to these resolutions when
the cause was still in controversy and
under consideration. But now that it
is over, and the respondents have by
solemn resolution declared that their
purpose on April 24 of this year was to
remove the cause of complaint, they
cannot now claim that there was no
cause of complaint, or if there *vas
that they did not intend to remove it.
They cannot In one breath say that,
being advised and of the opinion that
the best and only method of stopping
the litigation was to remove the cause
thereof, and to that end they will re
peal certain resolutions, and in an
other say that they did not remove
anything by the latter resolution, or
that there was nothing in fact to re
move.
In any event respondents cannot re
cover costs upon any such theory of
the proceedings of the Board of Rail
road Commissioners.
The complainant, in making its mo
tion to dismiss, made the resolutions
of the respondent board of April 21.
IW. a part of the proceedings. In ef
fect it said: "The Board of Railroad
Commissioners has asked to have this
case dismissed because the resolutions
of September 12 and 13, IW,— the cause
of the litigation— have been repealed.
The court has said that this motion
ought to come from the complainant.
We accept the suggestion and we make
the motion; we propose to dismiss this
suit. In the resolution it was said that
each party should pay Its costs. We
have accepted that suggestion and
we propose to dismiss it and say noth
ing about the costs." Thereupon tho
cause was dismissed. •
Under these circumstances- the court
Ip unable to find anything In this rec
ord to justify a modification of the de
cree, and an award of costs to the
respondents. The motion of the re
spondent board will, therefore, be de
nied.
The complainant has also made a
motion to have costs awarded to it.
That motion was noticed after the re
spondents had given notice of their mo
tion. The complainant appears to have
acted upon the theory that if the case
•was to be reopened and the matter of
costs considered, it was as much en
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1599.
titled to costs as the respondents..
That is the probable motive that was
behind this motion on the part of com
plainant. The complainant has. how
ever, urged it on the ground that it
appears from the record to he entitled
to costs, and has cited a great many
authorities which would seem to jus
tify the claim. But the court is not
in a position to follow the rules as de
clared in the cases cited. The decree
was entered without costs upon the
motion of complainant. There is
nothing to show that there was any
mistake or inadvertence or oversight
on the part of the complainant in mak
ing this motion. As I have already
indicated, the complainant knew what
it was doing when it dismissed the
case. It did so upon the faith of re
spondents' action that each party was
to pay its own costs. I shall, there
fore, be compelled, under these cir
cumstances, to deny the complainant's
motion for costs.
The decree will stand as it is. with
out modification, and the motions will
be denied.
Mr. Sturtevant— l ask that an exception
be allowed the respondents to that part
of your Honor's decision denying the re
spondents' motion to have their costs
taxed against the complainant.
Mr. Pillsbury -That being the case, we
reserve an exception to your Honor's
order denying our motion.
The total taxable costs will fall a little
below $10,000. To these costs must be
added counsel fees, which will roll the
sum the State will be required to pay
up to a large figure.
MINNIE ADAMS' DEFENSE.
It Was Taken Up Yesterday Before
Judge Eawlor.
The prosecution in the ease of Mrs. Min
nie Adams, charged with the murder of
her Illegitimate son, John Richard Gray,
was closed yesterday morning. Mrs.
Kenny, who gave Mrs. Adams' daughter
the cape about which considerable has
been said during the trial, was cross-ex
amined, after which the prosecution
rested.
The defense then railed Harrison Tyr
rell, a boy of 10 years, to testify as to the
bottle from which the dead baby drank
the poison. He said that he was playing
"brewery wagon" with his brother, Ed
ward A. Tyrrell, and they were using all
the bottles they could find for the pur
pose. They found a bottle in the sand
similar to the one from which the baby
drank the poison, and the witness be
lieved that such was the bottle. He did
not see any liquid in it, however, and the
stopper was loose, and if not held on
would fall from Its position. The bottle
introduced in evidence as the one from
which the baby drank the poison has a
tight-fitting stopper, so there is a mis
joiner somewhere. The other brother tes
tified to similar facts, after which the
case went over till Monday morning.
Town Talk.
It is rarely that a weekly paper con
tains such a budget of bright, exclusive
stories as are contained In this week's
"Town Talk"— a mock wedding that may
have been in earnest, the romance of a
society bell.-, how a queen of the tender
loin forsook her aged adorer and married
a New Yorker, why Athearn Folger made
his lately announced Choice of a bride,
Leigh Irvine's latest. San Diego, Bakers
field and Russian River gossip are among
the topics treated. Louis Robertson has a
powerful full-page .em and Alice Ziska
contributes a translation of a charming
French story. William Taafe's name is
signed to a bright bit of dialogue. "Th.
Proposal." The world of letters, law.
music and drama are full of interesting
matter and the editorials are brief but
brilliant. *
ESTATE GETS THE BALANCE.
Result of a Compromise Effected by
the Sutro Railroad Company.
An order was male yesterday by Judge
Troutt allowing a compromise of the va
rious claims presented by the Sutro Rail
road Company against the Sutro estate
and those of the estate presented against
the railroad company. By the terms of
the contract the railroad agrees to pay
the estate $3,861 35 in settlement of the
accounts between them.
In his life Adolph Sutro had various
dealings with the railroad end of his es
tate the rails of the road being laid over
a large portion of his estate, and in ad
dition the company furnished his baths
with steam power and in consequence
many complicated business transactions
resulted. A short time ago the railroad
put in its claim against the estate and
a counter claim was filed t.v the estate.
After the various claims had been looked
over by those managing the railroad and
the estate It was decided that the former
owed the latter the sum named. Hence
the order to compromise without the
formality of a judgment.
Sunday Picnics
Are only enjoyable when the location is
desirable, the surroundings pleasant and
the means of getting there adequate.
El Campo, the delightful picnic resort
established by the California Northwest
ern Railway Company, has all these es
sentials to a Sunday outing. The big
steamer I'kiah piles between the city and
the pleasure grounds four times each Sun
day. It's so big that overcrowding is an
unheard of condition.
Then the grounds are free from winds.
dust and fog. and besides, when you go
you are certain of meeting a host of
friends. V "- '
There are lots of picnic places, but only
one El Campo.
Another School Suit.
Frank Mordecai filed suit yesterday
against Auditor Wells. Treasurer Truman
and the Board of Education to compel the
auditing and payment of a demand for
$I*2 50, said to be due for materials fur
nished the School Department. The fund
for the erection of the Mission High
School is the object of the new phase in
the School Department litigation. The
plaintiff asks that the Auditor. Treasurer
and the board be restrained from allowing
any claims against the Mission High
School fund or the school fund of the city
and county or for the allowance of any
claims except the payment of teachers'
and janitors' salaries for the month of
June, 1*99. until his claim is paid.
Freight transferred at low rates. Signal
Transfer Co.. -30 Jones: tel. Putter 441.
Battered a Boy.
Jacob Label, a cigar dealer of 119 O'Far
rell street, was convicted by Judge Con
lan yesterday on the charge of battery
upon A. Peterson, a boy living at 1426
Market street. The boy was selling fire
crackers on the Fourth and asked baled
to buy some. Label took a package and
fired some off and then refused to pay
for them. When the boy insisted on pay
ment Label struck him on the nose and It
bled so profusely that he had to be taken
to the Receiving Hospital. • Label will ap
pear for sentence this morning.
CLOSING SESSION OF
THE AGRICULTURISTS
Important Resolutions Are Adopted
and Officers Chosen.
Will Make a General Inspection of Agricultural Condi
tions Throughout the State — Thanks to
Mayor and Citizens.
The Association of Agricultural Col- l
leges and Experiment Stations con
cluded its labors here yesterday and ad- I
journed last night after accomplishing j
much important business. Beginning \
with to-day the delegates of the associa
tion will in their official capacity begin
their Inspection of the State of Califor- j
nia. That this means much to the State
ls shown by the fact that the delegates
are to be taken all over the State with- j
out any expense to themselves. This i
morning the association will inspect the
park and in the afternoon will visit |
Berkeley. Monday morning they leave for
I'kiah. Tuesday they will go to Fresno.
Wednesday to Oroville. Thursday they
visit the Sacramento Valley and River,
while Friday and Saturday they will
spend in the Santa Clara Valley. Many
points of interest will be inspected and ,
the State Board of Trade hopes for grat
ifying results as a result of these excur- •
sions.
The third day of the convention was
called to order yesterday morning in the '
Some of t^e Distinguished Savants W_)o Will
Now Inspect the Agricultural Resources
of California.
Academy of Sciences Hall shortly before |
l" o'clock by President Armsby. The first
business was the confirmation of the
election of the officers of the different
sections which were made by the sections
on Thursday. The convention confirmed
unanimously all of the officers chosen.
E. H. Jenkins of Connecticut Invited the |
association to hold its next annual con
vention at New Haven. Dr. A. C. True
of Washington. D. C. . also spoke In favor
of New Haven. H. E. Stockbridg of !
Florida invited the convention ,to meet
in Jacksonville. This is a slight depart
ure from a recognized custom of the asso
ciation, which has been to hold every
other convention in Washington. D. C.
The matter was referred to the executive
committee.
Henry H. Goodell. chairman of the ex
ecutive committee, moved that a commit
tee be appointed to pass upon the papers
of the various sections for the purpose of
deciding which are suitable for publica
tion in the annual report of the associa
tion. This motion grew out of the dis
cussion of Thursday night. William N.
Liggett of Minnesota, read a paper on !
"Agricultural Education. Practical and
Scientific," in which he dwelt upon the
far-reaching Influences of the Morrill and
Hatch act in securing appropriation of
funds from the national resources to aid
rural Industries. He said that ten years
ago the question of "How are we to edu
cate our farmers?" could not be an
swered, but that only recently had the
problem begun to be solved. Agricultural
science was divided into two classes, he
said. The first was to teach the young '
men how to be better farmers, the sec
ond was the educating of agricultural sci
entists, and the latter he declared was
necessary in order to obtain success in
the first. He strongly advocated the dis
semination by all available means of ag
ricultural science, so that farmers who
can't attend agricultural colleges may be
educated.
Dr. True made a report upon graduate
study at Washington, and. this provoked
a long and general discussion upon the
co-operation of the Department of Agri
culture with the experiment stations.
The committee on nominations brought
in the names of the officers as selected
for the ensuing year. They were all
unanimously elected and are as follows:
President, Joseph B. Stubbs. president of the
University of Nevada.
First vice president. Professor K. W. Hil
gard of the University of California.
Second vice president. Professor J. M. Stone
of Mississippi.
Third vice president. Professor Elmer E.
Smiley of the University of Wyoming.
Fourth vice president. Professor M. 11. Buck
ham of the University of Vermont.
Fifth vice president. Professor M. A. Sco
vell, director of the Kentucky Experiment Sta
tion.
Executive committee, 11. H. Ooodell, presi
dent of Massachusetts Agricultural College,
chairman; William M. Liggett, dean of the
Minnesota Agricultural College; .1. H. Wash
burn of Rhode Island and Alexis Cope of Ohio.
Secretary and treasurer. Professor E. li.
Voorhees. 'director of th* New Jersey Experi
ment Station.
Bibliographer. Professor A. C. True, director
of office Experiment Stations, Department of
Agriculture.
The section work of the association was j
concluded during the afternoon. The del- I
egates were the guests of the California ;
State Floral Society at a reception held
from 3 to 6 o'clock In the southern dining
room of the Occidental Hotel, .which had
for the occasion been transformed into a j
fairyland of rare and beautiful flowers. j
Professor Wickson of the University of i
California is the president of this society.
and Professor Emory Smith of Stanford :
University the vice president. The ar
rangement of the reception was under the
immediate charge of the following com- I
mittee: Mrs. L. 0. Hodgkins, Mrs. Austin |
Sperry. Mrs. Helen Cross, John Hinkle
and John Henderson. A number of the
members of the society assisted the com
mittee in the arrangement of the floral
display and the reception of the guests.
The members of the association mar
velled at what was shown them In the
floral line. They were lavish iv their
praise of the beautiful flowers, expressing
great curiosity and pleasure at the many
specimens that they had never before seen.
They were all interested In examining the
plants ami asking questions, and the
afternoon was most enjoyably spent. The
floral society placed a beautiful and ex
tensive exhibition before their guests, and
the latter were profuse in expressing their
appreciation of the courtesy shown them
and the pleasure and benefit that they
had derived from it.
At the night session the association
adopted a motion petitioning Congress
that such measures be taken as shall se
cure the delivery of the public documents
to the depository libraries at the earliest
moment. A motion was also adopted in
structing the executive committee to se
cure a place upon the programme of the
National Educational Association of 1900
for the presentation of the scope and mis-
sion of the land grant colleges in our
American system of education.
A paper on "Seed Testing in Its Rela
tion to the Farm Garden," by A. J. Peters,
was read by S. B. Green of Minnesota.
11. H. Goodell of Massachusetts read a
paper on "Principles Underlying the
Formation of an Agricultural Course in
the South," written by Dr. C. E. Coates
of Louisiana.
A set of resolutions was offered by S.
M. Emory of Montana thanking the
Mayor, citizens and press of San Francis
co, and In fact every one who had ex
tended courtesies to them. The conven
tion then adjourned sin die.
CHEMISTS ADJOURN.
They Discuss Pure Food Stand-
arc's and Elect Officers.
The sixteenth annual convention of the
Association of Official Agricultural Chem
ists met for their last day's session in
the Mills building at 10 o'clock yesterday
morning. The major portion of the
session was devoted to the discussion of
food standards. This is about the only
business of national importance that the
chemists have considered. The report of
the committee appointed In 1897 to ex
amine Into the feasibility of fixing a set
of pure food standards was received and
discussed. The committee reported that
it had received many reports from the '
sub-committees appointed by it to make
analyses, but that the time had been so
short that it had been unable to formu
late the Ideas.
There are now bills pending in Congress
which have for their object the correc
tion of the misbranding and adulteration
of foods and drugs, both of which bills
are Indorsed by the National Pure Food
and Drug Congress, and the committee
reported that eminent lawyers in Con
gress advised that the association hurry
up its set of standards, so that Congress
might be the better able to pass some
kind of interstate commerce law such as
is needed. The committee hopes to have
Its work prepared ln the near future.
L. P. Voorhees of New Jersey and J.
B. Weems of lowa read papers on "In
secticides" and "Dairy Reports." The
former paper discussed the adulteration
of some of the preparations now in use.
The following officers were elected for
the ensuing year: President, B. W. Kil
gore of North Carolina; vice president,
L. L. Van Slyko of New York, and secre
tary, 11. W. Wiley of Washington. D. C.
The convention then adjourned sine die.
Welcome to Woodland.
WOODLAND, July 7.— The delegates to
the Association of American Agricultural
Colleges have accepted the Invitation of
citizens of Yolo County to Include Wood
land in their itinerary when they start
by special train to make a tour of the
State. The train will arrive in Woodland
about 5 o'clock Wednesday afternoon,
July 12. The delegates will be met at
the depot by a delegation of citizens and
a sufficient number of conveyances to ac
commodate ISO visitors. A drive will be
made to the Yolo orchard, two or three
of the best alfaifa meadows and a few
of the best gralnnelds. The visitors will
be afforded an opportunity to witness the
operation of one of the largest combined
harvesters in the country. Upon the re
turn of the party to Woodland dinner will
be serve.], aftrr which the excursionists
will continue their journey southward.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yes
terday in the Superior Court to Arthur E.
Tilden from Electy Tilden on the ground
of desertion and Susan B. Kemp from
Charles 1.. Kemp on the ground of deser
tion. Suits for divorce have been filed by
Emma L. Hughes against William P.
Hughes on the ground of desertion and
Marie W. Jacobsen against Halvor J. T.
Jacobsen on the ground of cruelty.
WELL-KNOWN EDUCATOR
SUDDENLY PASSES AWAY
HEART DISEASE CLAIMS MME.
BERTHA ZISKA.
' For Thirty-Five Years She Conducted
an Institution of Learning for
Young Ladies in This City. •
Mme. Bertha Marie Louise Ziska, the
well-known educator, died suddenly at 11
o'clock on Thursday night at her home,
1718 Sacramento street. Her death was
the result of heart failure superinduced by
rheumatism, from which she had suffered
for years.
Mme. Ziska was found dead by her
daughter, Mrs. Alice Jennings, who re
turned homo after witnessing the per
formance at the Orpheum. Her mother's
body was still warm, and Its. Rivas and
Anthony were summoned, but they im
mediately announced that Mme. Ziska
was beyond medical aid.
Upon investigation Coroner Hill found
that the rheumatism to which she had
been subject had developed Into heart
trouble, and at the request of Mrs. Jen
nings an inquest in the case was waived.
Mme. Ziska had visited Carlsbad and
other health resorts for relief, but with
out success.
Mme. Ziska was widely known in edu
cational and society circles and her great
experience in America and Europe made
her particularly adapted to the training
of young girls. Her methods, thorough
and progressive as they were, always ob
tained the best results. Deceased war
born in Paris in 1843 and was educated in
Berlin. She successfully passed the teach
ers' examination in the Berlin Gymnasium
before she was 15 years of age, and the
fact that the test for proficiency was very
severe serves to show her special talents.
She was married in New York to Mr.
Ziska, who died some years ago. and she
came to San Francisco at the age of 18.
After a residence of several months she
started a school for young girls. At thai
time South rark was the fashionable resi
dence quarter of the city, and it was there
that she established the Ziska Institute,
and under her able leadership many of so
ciety's fairest daughters have receive 1
their education. Later she removed to
Van Ness avenue and then to Sacramento
street, where the institute has been lo
cated for the past three years. She was
an accomplished linguist, speaking Ger
man, French. Spanish and English flu
ently.
The funeral services, which will be con
ducted by Rev. Dr. Foute. will take place
at the residence this afternoon at 2
o'clock. The remains will be cremated at
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
AN OBNOXIOUS ORDINANCE.
Merchants' Association Goes to the
Aid of the Teamsters.
Several times recently the police have J
arrested teamsters for violating a city or- j
dinance which forbids driving along bitu- !
minized streets, other than Market, with
the wheels of the vehicle on one side run- I
ning In the car tracks and the wheels on ;
the other side running on the bitumen. A
year ago the directors of the Merchants' j
Association made an investigation of the
effect of this law and arrived at the con
clusion that it worked an unnecessary
hardship upon the teamsters, in fact, that
it could not be complied with. As soon j
as the merchants found the condition in
which the drivers were placed they sent
to the Street Committee of the Super
visors a communication requesting that |
the ordinance be amended. The obnoxious j
feature of the law was set forth in that j
communication as follows:
We were Informed by the draymen that while
they favored the intent of the ordinance and
would gladly co-operate In any movement which
would preserve the streets, yet they informed
us that it would be Impossible for there to-.obey
it completely except on Market street, for the
reason that on account of the width of the
trucks lt is Impossible to drive trucks en any
street except Market outside of the outer rail
without striking vehicles which might tempo
rarily be standing along the side of the street
near the curb, and that they could not drive
trucks with one wheel between the two rails,
as thai would compel one of the horses to walk
on the rail, upon which it could not secure a
foothold.
It was supposed by the directors of the
association that a just amendment had
been made, but the recent arrests and an
inquiry Into the matter shows that the
objectionable law is still in force. At the
meeting of the directors of the body yes
terday the secretary was directed to call
the attention of the Supervisors to the let
ter of last year and ask that the or
dinance be so amended that it can be com
plied with.
A FOOL'S JOKE.
Mrs. Pragley Loses Her Reason
Through Fright at a Firecracker.
Mrs. Mary. Pragley, a young woman re
elding at 723 Post street, was adjudged
Insane yesterday and committed to the
asylum at Agnews. Mrs. Pragley has
been acting strangely since the Fourth.
On that day some irresponsible idiot threw
a giant firecracker at her feet and the
shock and fright following its explosion,
it is said, unhinged her mind.
Immediately after the "joke" had been
played upon the unfortunate woman she
was removed to her home, but as she
failed to recover her reason she was com
mitted to the asylum.
Single Tax Society.
At Its last regular meeting the Single |
Tax Society elected the following officers
for the ensuing term: President, Stephen :
Potter; vice president, H. F. Dessau; j
financial secretary. Miss Maude E. Dhale; )
corresponding secretary. C. K. Stern; re- |
cording secretary. George S. Conroy; as
sistant corresponding secretary, Miss E.
E. Dig^s; treasurer, A. Melcher. The so
ciety unanimously indorsed Ralph Hoyt
as manager of the Single Tax Newspaper
Bureau, which he has been conducting
for more than two years. A special '-"m
--mittee was appointed to arrange for a
public meeting in the near future.
Peace in the Philippines.
Peace in the Philippines is bound to prove
profitable to all concerned. Warring condi
tions, whether they he In the Philippines or ln
the human stomach, are equally disastrous.
If your stomach has rebelled, there is one
authority that will quickly subdue it. It is
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, and it cures con
stipation, indigestion, biliousness, nervous
ness and dyspepsia. See that a private Reve
nue Stamp covers the neck of the bottle.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A Cfr 1031 BT- __*_, S.F.CiI. A
\ c&T The Larjest Anatomical Museum in the \
w j_***B%*r_v WoTld - Weaknesses or any contracted m
__. KWW disease p»*»Hi««-ly c.redi the oldest V
V &«] Specialist on the Coast Est. 36 years. 0
A 4_EK_4 OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ fAM^I Consultation free and strictly private. \
ifl 9 Xa_[ ft Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\B if tin ' it,M c * u "'n every case undertaken. •_
m fill llv *•• rite for Book. PHILOSOPHY af _
W*j 11 J 1 * «*n_l*CK, MAILED FREE. 'AT
A <J _j valuable book for men) \
F JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S.F. T
JMiBM
Unl L nU I HL | 1 Laser!
•!?'., '"•'Pr^ats and
Valises checked fre^.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
Battle CBe__-_-_B-___B_E____B__B
oaiisv/ Tho . e who _..._. there
__ Eay 'he Panorama is a
AT correct representation.
\J a. Lectures hv Prof \V
_- __ G. ROLLINS after-
l\J\ <__ n •__ ara noons and evenings.
XTlcinilci Market St.. nr. Eighth.
__ _ Admission. SOc.
B< <Tar *** r f Children. 25c.
Bay! __________u___*.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. to 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION 10c; , CHILDREN sc.
Bathing, Including admission, 2_c; Children, 20c.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA MOUSE
Telephone Main 532.
ANOTHER LEGITIMATE TRIUMPH.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Mlllocker's Beautiful Opera.
TheBEGGARSTUDENT
OUR NEW PRICES-EVENING:
Orchestra. Reserved. s()c and :.r»c. Dress
Circle. Reserved. 25c: Family Circle. Re-
served. lf»c; Gallery. lOc.
MATINEE SATURDAY — Best Reserved
Seat ln the House. 25c: Family Circle. Re-
served, 15c; Gallery. lOc.
NEXT Gorgeous and Surpassing Re-
vival of "CARMEN."
COLUMBIA^
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS .
«NRY/IILLEP
A SPIC/AI COMPANY-
MATINEE TO-PAT— TO-NIGHT, LAST TIME,
Anthony Hope's Romantic Comedy. *
'The Adventure of the Lady Ursula."
| Next Week-HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANT in the latest New
York Empire Theater Success,
"LORD AND LADY ALGY."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander. Manager.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2:15. .
Last Three Performances.
TREMENDOUS SUCCESS OF
EVERYBODY'S FAVORITE.
_.. R. STOCK\A/E____,
In Hoyt's Funniest of All Comedies.
"/"I MIDNIGHT BE L- __..*•
Depicting Life In New England.
The Only Comedy in the City.
EXTRP. !
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE OF
Larabardi Grand Italian Opera Company.
I Monday. July 10— "MIQNON." Tuesday Night,
July 11— "BARBER OF SEVILLE."
Positively the Last Performances of This
Great Organization.
1 All the Famous Principals Will Appear Both
Casts. »
Popular Prices.
ALCAZAR™™
—
ALL OF THIS WEEK.
MATINEE TO-DAY, 2:15 P. M.
6th Week of LEWIS MORRISON.
SPECIAL DOUBLE BILL.
DON G/ESAR DE BAZAN
Only the Master Shall Blame.
15c, 25c, P^__% s 35c, 50c.
NEXT— Florence Roberts In "CAMILLE."
MATINEE TO-DAY (SAT.), JULY 8
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony. 10c; Chil-
• dren. 10c. any seat.
HAVES AND LYTTON,
The Talented Comedians, in the Roaring Farce.
"A WISE GUY."
MORIE, the Tourist Juggler.
GARDNER BROS.,
Muslcial Comedians.
THE FOUR O'LEARY?. WILLIAM CRE-PY
AND BLANCHE DAYNE. MALVILLE AND
STETSON. THE FARRELLS. THE PAS-
QUALIS. assisted by SIG. ABRAMOFF.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Prop, and Manager.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
THIS EVENING AT S.
DENIS O'SULLIVAN
In the Romantic ODera.
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN"
AN UNEQUALED CAST.
ENLARGED CHORUS AND ORCHESTRA.
MAGNIFICENT SCENERY.
NEXT— THE LATEST CRAZE,
•♦BLUE BEARD."
In Summer Attire.
PRICES 25c and SOc
Telephone Bush 9.
I UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY AND SUNDAY,
July Sth and Sth.
FAMOUS OPEN STAKE.
SEVENTY-FOUR NOMINATIONS.
$965 PRIZE MONEY $965.
TRAIN SERVICE.
Leaves Third and Townsend streets. Satur-
day, 12:55 p. m. ; Sunday, 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1
p. m. ; Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets five
minutes later, returning from park immediately
after last course. Extra train from park on
Sunday. 4:45 p. m. San Mateo electric cars
every ten minutes.
ADMISSION, -I", CENTS. LADIES FREE.
baseball!
San Francisco
VS.
Watsonville,
TO'DA V AT 3 F*M.
SUNDAY AT2.-30 T*. M.
recreatlon park,
EIGHTH AND HARRISON STS.
GENERAL ADMISSION— 2S CENTS.
LADIES ADMITTED FREE TO THE GRAND
STAND.
GLEN_PARK.
' THIS SUNDAY AT 2P. M. SHARP.
JEFFRIES
WORLD'S CHAMPION PUGILIST.
IN A FOUR-ROUND SPARRING EXHIBI-
TION. Illustrating
Sgjr -^.....World's Championship
OVER FITZSIMMONS.
GRAND VAUDEVILLE SHOW
IN THE FREE THEATER.
ADMISSION ONLY 10 CENTS
._______* Ar l m "IS <•!» _ _nn-pr'!"-nn'(
_t_4__&*^^t_£M remedy for ("onorrho?.,
__*iP^CVitT.B9&'H Gleet. Spermatorrhoea,
jfiSSr ** lto i A*7*.y_\ Whites, unnatural .ii..
fwUzS Q_ir__t--- fH charges, or any i_flam_-_-
-_mS% cot to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcer*-
__ JPwwMi contagion. tion of mucous niem-
gSTftIHEEYAMSCHEHinnCo. bran..- _ioD-a*trin.e__,
IflflAciNCiN.ATi.o __f_\ -So 1 * 1 »> «>«•»»!*.
Wr& rr - , _t_r or sent ,:l plain wrapper,
!wßl___. ''" __**_ by exFr?fl-i, prepaid. toe
_M_f___m__W^_\ *'-00, or 3 bottl-a, $_.7&.
rmm mH_W m i 9 Circular Mat on n^___,
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
MARIN GOLFERS
GATHER ON SAN
RAFAEL LINKS
Opening Tournament of the Club
Is Well /..tended and proves
Successful.
The first regular club tournament held
on the San Rafael links, on the Ist, 3d
and 4th Insta, was highly successful. The
caddies', children's and ladies' competi
tions were all well filled, while the men's
contests on Independence day excited
much interest. The eighteen-hole handi
cap medal play brought out twenty play
ers, who were paired according to their
strength. The best score for the first
round was 61, "which was made by R. G.
Brown, J. A. Folger and C. P. Eells. In
the second round three well known golf
ers—J. A. Folger, C. P. Eells and C. P.
disappointed the committee' by
falling to make any returns. Harry Dib
ble.*, who is quite a young player, fur
nished the surprise of the day, by hand
ing in a gross score for the eighteen holes
of 12S, K. G. Brown being second with 12.
and Lieutenant T. G. Roberts third with
130. As Harry Dlbblee received a handi
cap of 27 his net .core of 101 was also the
best. Lieutenant T. G. Roberts being sec
ond with a net score of 118. The prize for [
best gross score was awarded to Harry
Dibblee, and the prize for best net score i
to Lieutenant Roberts. -No particularly
good scores were made, several of the,
members playing decidedly bi low their**!
usual form. C. P. Eells won the driving
contest with a 'clean carry of 172 yards '
i> inches, Lieutenant T. G. Roberts being
second with a drive of ir.'j yards 20 inches.
Ben Holliday made an excellent long drive
of 170 yards, but the ball fell outside the
lateral* lines, und so could not be counted.
In I_< approaching competition Lieuten
ant T. G. Roberts was first with an aver
age distance of _0 feet 3 inches from the
cup for the three best balls out of five .
lofted from a distance of seventy-five .
yards over a six-foot net. R. Gilman .
Brown was second with an rage dis- i
tance of 23 feet 2 inches:
Clement Arnold, a boy golfer, took part
in the men's handicap, but did not play
as he usually does. It is confidently 'X
pected he will develop i_.to .i strong
nlaver.
Dr. J. Dennis Arnold has presented the j
club with red jerseys and green caps to
be worn by the caddies, red and green be- i
ing the club colors. I
Beginning at 1:30 this afternoon there
•will lie mixed foursomes, with handicap, i
<an the San Rafael links, at nine holes,
medal play. Two prizes will be given,
one for best gross ore and one for best
""« the San Rafael Golf Club-has ,
n full eighteen-hole course planned, it is i
at present using, and will continue to use
throughout the season, a nine-hole course,
the names and distances of the holes be
ing as follows: Daphne: 444 yards: Look
out! 292 yards: Oak Neuk; 250 yards; Abl- j
lene. 1f.2 yards. Faraway, 3SO yards:
Meadows; 3*) yards; Helen Know* 517 i
yards; Santa Margarita. 17 yards; Saint j
Andrews: 353 yards; total. 3143 yards. The
second nine holes will have a distance of |
2i'Sr> yards. making the total distance 6130
I yards, or 3 miles S.O yards. The course j
is more diversified than that of any of the
local clubs, and has bunkers, barrancas.
water courses and other hazards. The
course wanders in and out among the <
hills behind San Rafael, and it ln the
midst of most picturesque scenery. The
home green Is particularly fine, being 120
feet in diameter, as level as a billiard
table and kept in excellent condition. All
the putting greens on the San Rafael links ■
are really "preens" and not "browns." as
- they- usually are on California Inks, es
pecially in the southern part of the State,
Some of the holes are on th.-- tops of hills i
and the whole course is sporty and inter
esting.
ROUGH WEATHER
FOR TACHTSMEN
ON THEIR CRUISE
Jr\e j^ardy GorintKiarvs Sail jHome ;
From Vallejo Under Double
Reefs.
During the holidays three of the yacht
clubs, the San Franclscos, South Bays .
and Encinals, had cruises to Napa City
on their programmes. Commodore T. L.
Hill's sloop Cygnus, flagship of the San
Franclscos. left her moorings at Sausa
lito about 2 o'clock last Saturday after
noon and went Lip under a light wind to
Vallejo. Between 5 and 11 o'clock that
night the following boats cast anchor at
Valleio: Dr. T. L. Hill's sloop Cygnus,
Secretary E. C. Bartlett's yawl Frolic,
J. R. Savory's sloop Juanlta, Harry Dot's
yawl Phyllis. Dr. V. P. Buckley's schoon
er Outing, A. Sutherland's sloop Will o'
the Wisp, .-Commodore I. Gutte's
schooner Chispa and J. Kitterman's
launch America. H. R. Simpkins' new
yawl Tramontana and E. N. Walter's
sloop Embla also anchored at Vallejo.
At ' o'clock on Sunday morning the fleet
started for Napa, anchoring just below
the bridge at about noon. The Corinthian
sloops Cupid and Pride and the Encinal
yachts Frances and iris were also at
Napa. At 10:30 on Monday morning the
fleet started down the creek. The yachts
left at l o'clock, and after a rough trip
through Sa.ii Pablo Bay all the yachts
.made their moorings.
The Corinthians carried out their annual
July cruise as scheduled. " On Saturday
night Dillons Point was made, and on
Sunday Suisun. The citizens of Suisun
welcomed the yachtsmen and invited
them to a luncheon and entertainment
in Native Sons' Hall. On Monday morn
ing four buses took the Corinthians out
for a drive among the orchards. The hos
pitable Suisunites tried hard to keep their
visitors, promising to tow their yachts
down to Vallejo, but the Corinthians
started on their homeward trip about 1
p. m. and anchored at Vallejo for the
night. The following yachts aecom
gl the Corinthian flagship Aeolus to
uisun: The yawl ..returns and the sloops
Amlgo, Truant, Mignon, Halcyon, Presto,
Emma, Edna, Freda, Ella. Thelma. Clara, I
Nellie and Maggie. The sloops Nixie and I
Harpoon and me San Francisco schooner
Chispa stopped at Doyle's ranch on the
Suisun Creek. Rough weather was en
countered on the way home from Vallejo, i
almost every boat going down under
reefed Bail. The sloop Clara reached Mc-
Nears first and off Marin Islands dropped
her peak. The sloop Ella, which started ■
out with one reef, put in at McNears i
and took a second reef. The sloop Aeolus
came through under full canvas and '
weathered the storm well.
The annual cruise up river of the Cal
ifornia Yacht Club was set for June 24 >
to July 2. Three yachts started at 4
o'clock last Saturday afternoon from Oak
land Commodore A. M. Clay's i
sloop Pactolus, H. 8. Pratt's yawl Idler ■
and E. N. Walter's sloop Embla. Commo
dore Clay had with him Mrs. and Miss
Clay, Miss Kindred, J. W. Parkhum and
H. L. Clap]). Anchoring at Martinez on !
Saturday, the yachts galled through j
Montezuma Slough next day and made j
Rio Vista in the afternoon. On Monday
Walnut Grove was reached and a few I
miles above that was the highest point
attained. After remaining for two or
three days visiting friends along the river I
the yachts started home on Friday, June
.I. and on Saturday, July 1, met the Corin
thian fleet sailing through Carqulnez
Straits. The night of July 1 was spent i
at Port Costa, and next day the yachts !
soiled for home. Commodore Clay will
go up the river again at the end of this i
month for a four or five days' trip.
The Encinal yacht Iris is cruising up the
Sacramento River. A. Dorn Jr. having
as guests Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Dorn, Alex
ander Roebke and E. Petril.
The Corinthians have been Invited to
visit Moraghan's oyster beds to-morrow,
and two or three yachts may cruise
thither.
To-morrow will be an open date on the
programmes of all the. clubs except the
Oakland Canoe Club, which has a club
handicap for sloops scheduled. The
canoeists kept open house on the Fourth !
ar.d entertained their friends all day. The j
race for the Holiday cup was won by G.
G. Williamson in canoe Codia.
■ ♦ ■ __.
Bonded Indebtedness Created. I
A certificate of proceedings at the
stockholders' meeting of the Oceanic
Steamship Company, authorizing the cre- |
ation of a bonded indebtedness of $2,500,- I
000, was filed with the County Clerk yes- j
terday. The certificate bears the signa
tures of the corporation directors, John
D. Spreckels, Claus Spreckels, Austin C.
Tubbs, George Fitch, Thomas B. Phelby.
A. B. Spreckels and W. D. K. Gibson and
Secretary _. 11. Sheldon. •**-..-,.; j
SPORTS
DEATH CLAIMS
A FOAL OF THE
TROTTER HULDA
Jhe Aristocratically Bred Young
ster Succumbs to LockjaW
After an Operation,
A. B. Spreckels has sustained a serious
loss in the death of a foal out of his
favorite trotting mare Hulda by Dexter
Prince. The direct cause of death was
lockjaw, superinduced by an operation
performed ln the hope of curing: rupture.
The suckling gave promise of inheriting
all the speed of Its dam, In her day the
queen among American trotters.
Walter S. Hobart has placed his track
at San Mateo at the disposal of the San
Mateo Hunt Club for races to be held on
Saturday next. Chief Interest centers
about the race for the valuable cup of
fered by J. J. Moore. This is for quali
fied hunters, two and one-half miles over
By her victory ln the first competition at Burllngame Country Club for the challenge
trophy presented by 5 Prince Andre Poniatowski, Miss Alice Moffitt of the Oakland Golf Club
practically Twon the golf championship of the coast for ladies. The clubs of the metropolitan dis
trict sent SKS "cleverest members to compete for the trophy, and all were compelled to lower
their colors to the dashing young player from Oakland. Miss Moffltt. when in action on the
ten hurdles, three feet high, owners to
ride The programme follows:
The Hobart Cup— Quarter-mile" dash; for
qualified polo ponies that have never won
a race; to carry ICO pounds; rider* will
draw for mounts.
Quarter of a mile— Match race for J;«0 a
Bide between Mr. Carolan's thoroughbred
Master Lee and Mr. Hobart's pony Co
nianch*- ridden by owners at equal weights. J
Hurdle race for the J. J. Moore ('up, value »-■
$250- two and a half miies; over ten hurdles
three feet high; horses to be ridden by
owners— Entries: W. B. Hobfcrt's All Baba,
.1 J. Moore's Maud, Frank Car-lan s Merry
Boy." Charles Dunphy's Klucher.
Half a mile, for the Eyre Cup— Qualified
polo ponies which have never won; riders
by lot; weight not under 160 pounds.
One and a quarter mile steeplechase— The
Carolan Cup. for ponies 14.2 or under;
weight. 160 pounds.
One mile— Open to non-winners; cup to
riders; weight, ICO pounds.
It begins to look like the "old times"
again around the California circuit, which
will be opened early during the month of
August. The different agricultural soci
eties all have money to burn, but new
men aro at the helm and nobody seems
to know the exact place to apply the.
torch. However, this matter can be easily
adjusted. From the present state of the
situation either Santa Rose or Marjsville
will set the bail ln motion, with the Pa
cific Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' Asso
ciation meet, August 14 to 19. Then will
follow Grass Valley. August 21-26; Oak
land, August 26 to September 2; Sacra
mento, September 4-16; Stockton, Septem
ber 18-23; San Jose, September 25-30. After
which will follow* Salinas, Fresno and the
big meeting at Los Angeles. Woodland
and Red Bluffs have lately dropped into
line and each place will probably claim a
date.
Early during the past week George E.
Catts and J. W. Willy, president and sec
retary respectively of the Stockton Driv
ing Club, were In town and ln an inter
view with Fred W. Kelley of the Breeder
and Sportsman said: "Stockton will go
out of the way to get the crowd there this
year." 'v. :• . .
Judging from his Denver form, Coney,
the black pacer, the "dark unknown" of
the Keating string, will have to .show
marked Improvement during hiß journey
down the line on the green circuit. He
was cranky and erratic, and after making
a "Jimmy" lt took Mcllenry fully a quar
ter of a mile to again get him at his gait.
In his last race at the Colorado metropo
lis the son of McKlnney could have been
distanced had Ed Conley, the driver of
George C, so willed it.
This same Ed Conley is the driver who
will live long in the memory of Book
maker George Rose. Conley Is in the em
ploy of Judge Coburn of Pueblo. But three
years ago Conley had a mare at the Sac
ramento Fair called Nellie W. She took
the opening heat of the 2:26 trot at odds
of 100 to 1, and, as "Rataplan" Higgins
expressed it. made a lemonade stand of
Rose's grandstand book.
Frank Farrar of the* firm of Farrar &
Tubervillo is at Oakland slowly recover
ing from his Denver sortie. Farrar' s
string consisted of Lochness, Naplan,
Racebud and Jockey Frawley. The first
named horse ran second five times, break
ing down at his last attempt. Frank then
sold him to some misguided individual for
$70, the purchaser getting him for stud
purposes. Racebud was disposed of for
$125. Naplan v. ent for three shares of
stock in an Alaskan ice manufacturing
machine, and , Tony Tubervllle left for
Portland.
Jockey Bozeman was one of the star
riders at the Denver meeting. He later de
parted for Chicago, where he hopes to
gain reinstatement on the big tracks.
Bozeman was suspended some two years
back by the late M. Lewis Clarke for a I
ragged looking ride on the back of old
Dungarven.
Jockey John Sullivan and "Dealer" Mad- :
den are about town looking for some soft '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
1 real estate investments. The "Dealer
dope and Sullivan's good saddle work
I earned for each quite a bunch of coin at
i the Denver meeting. Both departed be
i fore "getaway day came around.
TJHE TENNIS CHAMpIONS.
The championship tennis tournament_at
San" Rafael on' the fit." 3d and '4th" of July
has set tennis on its legs once again. The
game is in a fair way to boom, which
will mean interclub rivalry and some
spirited Interclub tournaments. The j
matches between George F. Whitney and i
the two Hardys are responsible for this !
renewed interest in the game. In those [
contests the best tennis ever seen" on this j
MISS ALICE MOFFITT, GOLF CHAMPION.
coast was played by both Whitney and
the men from across the bay.
The tournament showed the best and
the most mediocre tennis. The most no
ticeable fact was the small number of
flrst-class players entered. But three of
the men who played on the San Rafael
courts were what might be considered
first class. Eliminate George Whitney
and Sumner and Sam Hardy and the
tournament would have been a second
class affair. Tho Hardys and George
Whitney are some years older than the
other entries, most of whom are students
ln the State academies. In a few years
this tennis material will develop into the
very best of players, and then the Whit
ney's and the Hardys will have to light
for th.ir former exclusive position.
The young tennis athlete who made the
best showing ln the tournament was
Harry Welhe. He played as good a
match against the champion, George
Whitney, as did Sam Hardy. Welhe hai*
improved immensely, handling himself
with more assurance and a riper skill
than in former years. He will enter
Stanford University this fall and will con
tinue bis practice on Palo Alto courts.
With Sam Hardy and Weihe to repre
sent the Cardinal, that college will have
a team the Blue and Gold will find dif
ficulty In defeating. Sumner Hardy may
or may not represent the University of
California. Should he do so, there will
be an Interesting collegiate tennis tourna
ment. ■•'■■ ■'
The usual talk about bringing out an
Eastern batch of champions Is heard at
present. Some of the enthusiasts who
•saw George Whitney play in the cham
pionship matches are firm in the belief
that he is the fastest thing on the courts.
If some of the big racket wlelders of the
country can be Induced to come to the
coast in the fall and play -match games
with the local champion all expenses will
be guaranteed them. Whitney and the
Hardys would have an advantage In
meeting Easterners, for they have played
all their life on an asphalt, while the
visitors have been accustomed to the slow
turf court.
George Whitney has won the champion
ship cup twice, as has Sam Hardy. This
will Insure the entrance of both in next
year's tournament, for a third winning
entails absolute property rights ln the
cup. Neither Whitney nor the Hardys
have reached their limit in tennis. They
aro young men with sufficient Interest in
the game to continue their practice.
With these conditions Interest in tennis
should pick up during the coming year.
•
I S^OFT A 1" SUJFO BAJJ.S.
The programme of aquatic sports at Su
tro Baths to-morrow afternoon, with the
competition in the various events, fol
lows:
60-yard dash, novice— Young, O. Lowen
thal, R. Marston, C. Cunha, J. Kelly, W.
King. E. Marston, C. King and J. Mugah.
100-yard dash. Juvenile— M. Gardiner, W.
Waters. F. Baker, J. Riley, W. Early. M.
Johnston, L. James, P. Murphy, and J. Keogh.
100-yard dash, amateurs— Jones, H. Mlsh,
C. Donovan, J. McCrea, E. Lee, P. Manner
and H. Hirshfield.
Tub race, 100 yards— B. Baudaln, "W. Yarrow.
P. Philllpps. E. Wells, C. Schwartz, O. Ehr
man, H. Stelljes, C. Augustus and E. Beyer.
High diving for boys— W. Hoffman, H.
Lelcken, R. Cooke, J. Daniels, D. McCann, C.
Royal, .J. Laird. H. Derham and M. Divert.
Trick and fancy spring-board diving— M.
Divert, A. Bagnatori, W. Walcott, P. Govanni,
T. Ralston. J. Gladstone, C. Strohlln, E. Lee,
G. La Rue and J. McCowan.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
Abraham Abrahams, merchant, Marys
ville, $459 54; assets none. Cuiccl & Da
vlnl. fruit and vegetables, San Francisco,
$1197; no assets. C. A. Bennett, merchant,
San Francisco. $2599; no assets.
OARSMEN OF THE
UNIVERSITY ARE
READY TO RACE
If a Suitable Beat Gan Be Se
cured jKey Will /\ttend the
Astoria Regatta.
Last Sunday's rowing regatta was a suc
cessful one, the only mishap being the
links presents a series of brilliant pictures that would delight Charles Dana Gibson or any artist
in quest of the typical high-bred and unaffected American girl. To the uninitiated, who do not
know a "cleek" from a "hazard" it is a continual pleasure to watch her play. The illustrations
are from photographs taken expressly for The Call after Miss Moffltt's return from the scene of
her triumph at Burlingame. "
foul that occurred between the Alameda
and University of California boats in the
senior barge race. All the crews when
at the starting point were distinctly in
structed to disregard the stakeboat near
est the shore. The inside boat was di
rected to turn stake 2, the center barge
to take stake 3, and the boat having
the outside station was to round the outer
stako. The members of the Alameda crew
assert that they did not understand the
instructions and that they believed stake
boat 3 to be the turning point. But, even
If this were so, they are to blame for
starting without understanding the start
er's instructions. On seeing that the Uni
versity crew had no other stake but the
third open to them the Alamedas might
have taken the outside stakeboat, which
would, in the absence of any special in
structions, be the natural turning point
for the boat having the outer station.
Referee J. It. Bockman gave the only pos
sible decision when he disqualified the
Alamedas and ordered the University and
scratch crews to row the race again. It
was open to the referee to say whether
tho race should be from the point where
the foul occurred or over the whole
course, and on the same day or any other
day. Referee Bockman ordered the race
rowed again over the same course after
a reasonable rest, but the crews were un
willing to row again on that day. So
Sunday, the »th inst., at 10:30 a. m., and
the Long Bridge course were set as the
time and place. The race will be called
at that hour to-morrow, and should only
one of the crews present itself it will raw
over the course and take the prize.
Though the majority of the oarsmen are
much pleased at the entrance of the Uni
versity of California Into the local rowing
world and believe that it will be pro
ductive of increased public Interest In the
sport, there are some who do not regard
the presence of University crews in the
regattas on the bay as an unmixed ad
vantage. As workingmen, »who have to
devote the whole day to earning a living,
they feel that young men who have abun
dant leisure and can command the serv
ices of a competent and skilled trainer
enter the contest under strongly favorable
circumstances, and that they will prove
dangerous competitors to oarsmen not so
fortunately placed.
S. J. Pembroke Is desirous that the Uni
versity crew should take part in the As
toria regatta, and will endeavor to secure
a barge for their use. There Is no time
to place an order and have one built, but
one of the clubs might be Induced to
loan a barge to the University crew on re
ceiving a satisfactory guarantee against
loss and injury to the boat and fittings.
One or two single scullers may also repre
sent the University of California at the
northern water carnival.
The new South End barge is read*", with
the exception of the oarlocks and foot
boards. All the South End oarsmen who
went to the Astoria regatta last year are
desirous to go again. J. Foley and R.
McArthur are out frequently for practice.
The South Ends may hold a club regatta
as soon as the finishing touches have been
put on the handball court. When the club
has a barge that will place It on an equal
footing in competition with other clubs
it will make a determined effort to re
fain some of the championships it held In
ormer years.
At the last meeting of the Alameda
Boating Club the following new members
were elected: John Beatty, H. H. Sher
wood, Ralph B. Elster, Walter Andrews,
W. Hickman. E. T. M. Eckert, Fred H.
Elster, Fred G. White, Clarence L. Rich
ter and F. E. Webb. •>
Boxing Permit Granted.
The National Athletic Club's application
for a permit to hold a boxing exhibition
between the Ist. and loth of August was.
favorably reported upon by the Health
and Police Committee of the Supervisors
yesterday, as was also Its application to
change the date of its July exhibition to
between the 20th and 23th of the month.
WI7J-. BATSMAN AJ.D BOWLER
The Pacific Cricket Club will meet the
unbeaten California eleven to-morrow on
the ground at Webster street, Alameda.
The representatives of the scarlet and
black will be chosen from the following:
George Theobald, captain; J. J. Theobald,
J. Meyers, C. Slmmonds, J. H. Harbour,
C. P. Coles, H. P. G. Gordon, L. H. Sandi
lands, W. McDonald, A. W. Wilding, J.
T. Bickendlke and W. G. Selwood.
The California eleven will be elected
from the following: E. G. Sloman, Arthur
Dickenson. F. M. Gunn, A. Schroeder, A.
D. Reynolds, W. Reeves, W. R. Ham
mond, J. D. Robertson, G. C. Farrell. A.
Willis. A. E. Aitken, H. Carr and O. J.
Thomas.
There will be a meeting of the Califor
nia Cricket Association at the Occidental
Hotel next Tuesday evening to consider
the proposal of the Los Angeles cricket
ers to visit this city some time In Au
gust, and to discuss other matters. .
Of the seven pennant matches which
have been played during the present sea
ton, the Callfornias have taken part in
four and have won them aIL The Ala
medas have played in live and have won
two, lost two and drawn one; while the
Pacifies, who have also taken part in five
matches, have lost four and drawn one.
The percentage of the Callfornias is
therefore 100. that of the Alamedas is 50
and that of the Pacifies is one-tenth, or .L
Inasmuch as, counting ln to-day's game,
oidy eleven matches (in eight of which
the Californias are engaged) remain to
be played for the Brown pennant, it Is
clear that the Californias will take a
great deal of beating. Joseph Brown. Ed
win Booth and E. J. Laughman have re
cently been elected members of the Cali
fornia Club, which now has forty on its
list. The late W. J. Calllnghara, the In
surance man, was a member -of the club
at the time of his death. '-_ ■'■-
The African Cricket Annfial for 1599,
compiled |o* Jerome Flanni-ry of New
York, assisted by several contributors,
has recently been published. Six pages,
supplied by Arthur Inkersley of San Fran
cisco, are devoted to "Cricket in Northern
California." In the list of "Centuries of
1898," two local scores are recorded— l 44"
by G. J. Baugh at Golden Gate for Ala
meda vs. Pacific, and "107 by R. B. Hogue
at the same place and for the same club
against the same team. This, however,
omits a score of 115 made by F. J. Croll
on August 21 of last year for all comers
vs. Banks and Insurance Men. Of the
thirty-one centuries in the list thirteen
were made at Philadelphia, two at
Moorestown and four at Haverford, Pa.
WAJSONVILL-E /L/.yS ]~0-D/.y.
Pitcher Donlln has not been given a
trial ln the box by the St. Louis baseball
team yet and his California admirers are
becoming anxious to see what he can do
with the big teams.
To-day's game at San Jose promises to
j be a record-breaker in point of attend
j ance. Champion Jim Jeffries will umpire
I on the bases in conjunction with Rube
Levy, and at the conclusion of the game
! he will spar four rounds with Jim Daly.
The game itself promises to be exceed
ingly interesting, the contesting teams
being San Jose and Santa Cruz. Many
local cranks have signified their intention
of attending.
Tlie Watsonville combination will meet
the locals at Recreation Park this after
! noon in the first of a series of three
! games. To fill up the hole caused by Mc-
Carthy's suspension Courtney has been
moved in to short and Kelly placed in
center field. The team is said to field as
strongly now as it did before. The East
ern contingent that is expected to rein
force the Sugar Beets has not yet arrived.
Following is the line-up for to-day:
San Francisco. Positions. Watsonville.
Swindells Catcher Morrow
Fitzpatrick Pitcher Whelan
or Harper.
6ulllvan First base... Selna
O' Neil Second base — .....Billings
Riley Third base ....Brockoff
Krug Shortstop Courtney
Muller Left field Hayes
Pyne v .Center field Kelly
Hilderbrandt Right field ..Plake
SPORTSMEN ARE
READY FOR THE
DOVES AND DEER
JReports From the preserves and
From the Country Promise
Qood Shooting.
The rapid approach of the shooting sea
son Is evidenced by the activity about the
sporting goods stores. Guns are being
overhauled and a supply of ammunition
secured by many sportsmen. Members
of the Country Club. Olympic Gun Club
and other organizations controlling pre
serves will avail of the opportunities pre
sented them for sport so soon as the sea
son opens. Doves are reported plentiful
ln all parts of the country, being more
scattered than In recent years. Deer are
also expected to give good sport.
Phil Bekeart and a party of Olympic
Athletic Club men will leave on the 22d
inst. for a week's outing in Mendocino
County, some thirty-five miles from
Ukiah. While they were in that district
in May they arrived at the conclusion
that ' deer would be plentiful when the
season opened. In addition to Mr. Bekeart
the party will consist of Dr. E. N. Short.
William Short. Thomas Craig, George
McCord and William McCord.
If the sportsmen of the various counties
combine ror the organized preservation of
game, as has been done in Mendocino and
Santa Clara counties, the solution of that
vexed problem has been found. Accord
ing to men who have given the matter
careful consideration the State could not
attain the same results In the preservation
of game from market hunters and others,
even though hundreds of thousands of
dollars be expended. The members of the
local organization know the condition.,
which must be met and the best manner
of treating them.
Four arrests have already been made
near Ukiah of persons who have been
killing deer cut of season. In each in
stance the accused have either pleaded
guilty or have been convicted If their
cases went to trial. Through an inadver
tance credit was recently given Alfred V.
La Motte for instituting the movement in
Mendocino County. Mr. La Motte in the
following letter, places the credit where
lt belongs. He says:
In The Call of June SO, I see an article
entitled "Punishing the Deer Slayers "
which gives me the credit of instituting th«
crusade now on. Although in full sym
pathy with the work. I cannot allow the
Injustice of assuming a credit not due me
The citizens of Ukiah employed the war
den, who has done the good work recorded
And to them collectively the credit ls due. '
Otto Feudner is not satisfied with the
outcome of his match with A. M Shields
for the challenge medal at Ingleside last
Sunday. He challenged his successful op
ponent at once, and they will test their re
spective skill again to-morrow before the
same traps.
The members of the Olympic Gun Club
will shoot live birds on their grounds at
Ingleside to-morrow. The Sen Francisco
Gun Club and the Empire Club shoots
will be held at Alameda snoots
J. K. Orr will shoot over the Country
Club preserves next Saturday.
George Jackson has heard such good re
§orts as to the number of doves near
tockton that he will get his first taste
of the season's shooting up there.
W. L. Prather Jr. of Oakland will have
his celebrated hounds out after deer at
the first opportunity.
Sam Hughes and party will try their
skill on the doves on Saturday.
ANNUAL OUTING.
Hanoveranner Verein "Will Enjoy One '
' at Shell Mound.
The seventh annual outing and moon
light picnic of the Hannoveraner Verein
will be given at Shell Mound Park to-mor
row The society is social and beneficial
in its character and Is composed of two
hundred and fifty natives of the province
of Hanover.
The picnic committee, consisting of J
¥\,K°£?- Wllli t m _ Appiarus and Johri
Schllchtmann. has been working hard to
insure an enjoyable time to all who attend
the gathering. There will be prizes for
the children and the wheel of fortune will
distribute "<- favors to holders of lucky
numbers. Dancing in the pavilion will be
kept up until 'll o'clock in the evening
and an excellent band is to be in attend
ance. The society will leave on the 9:30
a. m. boat and there will be trains every
half-hour, as usual.
Following are the officers of the verein:
President. F. Eggerling: vice president,
John Pope; treasurer. William Beckmann;
recording secretary, Theodore W. Borch
ers; financial secretary, J. H. Steffens;
sergeant at arms, Hermann Rower; trus
tees—Peter Windeler. Henry Heitmuller
and D. Jurgens; finance committee—
Henry Sturcke, F. Welgmann and J. H.
Lindemann.
LEASHMEN MAY
SOON COURSE
AT TWO PARKS
Ingles'de Management Announces
an AIN/\ge Stake for J_ext
Saturday.
The management of Ingleside Coursing
Park is preparing to reopen the grounds
next week, the card being an all-age
stake, unlimited as to entry and with lib
eral purses for the successful dogs. The
leashmen will be glad to return to the
old order of affairs, which means that
double the prize money now given will be
disbursed and additional opportunities to
enter dogs will be presented. There has
been an oversupply of dogs with coursing
at one park and but twice a week. The
reopening of Ingleside will relieve this
congestion.
An open stake with seventy-four entries
is the card at Union Park this afternoon.
The prize money totals nearly $1000. ana
with high money totals nearly some ex
with high class dogs competing^ some ex
cellent sport should result. Next weeK
the attraction will be the winners stake,
open to dogs which have run third or
! better during the year. Among the dogs
eligible are Connemara, Gladiator, war
ship, Young America, Firm Friend, Lux
or, Theron and Matalllc.
A. Ohmeyer of Los Angeles has quar
tered his extensive string near Ingleside.
A C. Bradbury is in charge.
Browning of Tipton has an imported
dog at Ingleside which, as soon as his
pedigree arrives, will be placed in the
stud. . ,
F. Schou has purchased an 11 montns
old puppy from Frank Burris of Sonoma
County. It is by Sonoma Skip-Viola.
Improvements are being made in the
grand stand at Ingleside. The betting
ring is being inclosed and sheltered from
I the winds, and the field is being thor
oughly gone over. _.__._
Sinaloa was bred to Firm Frle*hd sev
eral weeks ago. but, as it transpires, with
out result. , , _,_
Inquiry among the larger kennels shows
that distemper has proven much less fatal
this year than last, and many owners are
breeding their dogs who before feared toe
outcome. ,_ . _ ___y.
Mystic Maid, owned by Hugh Lynch,
will shortly whelp to Hughie. Lynch has
already received several offers for the
coming youngsters. ■<_ '
Jim Smith has bred Dolly garden to
Terrona. They are a pair of lurchers.
Their get will demonstrate or destroy for
ever tradition. .
Tim Cronin has his string of stake win
ners kenneled at Ingleside. They are
rounding to form rapidly and should do
good work before the month ends
A daughter of Culverine, by Killarney,
both famous performers many years ago,
has been discovered in South San Fran
cisco The stock was thought to be ex
tinct, but Investigation proves that this
representative has "shed her light un
seen"' for eleven years. Killarney was
owned by T. \J. Cronin and Culverine by
M. Haipin. to
* The field officials at Ingleside will hence
forth be: P. Jpteilly. judge: Harry Mur
ray slipper; Master Dillon, flag steward;
William Haipin. slip steward, and I. J.
McHugh. field steward. _._,
Famous whelped ten puppies to William
Dalton's Sir Hugo last Wednesday. Sir
Hugo ls a brother of the famous St. Law
rence. Mayflower ls to be mated with
the unbeaten For Freedom.
T. McHugh's Maggie M has been orea
to Flying Buck.
TALLAC PROVES
A PARADISE FOR
THE FISHERMEN
Gatches of Jrout by Those Skilled
and Unskilled J?un Into
Large Figures.
— _3 j _.  v.- ■
"Never was there such fishing in the
world." is the way Fish Commissioner
Baboock enthuses over the sport now be
ing enjoyed by the rod-wielders at Tal
lac. The hotels are thronged with guests
who find sport in the fishing. One woman
and a boatman caught seventy-two trout
in one day while the average runs nearly
forty to the boat per day. Dr. Harry
Tevis, W. S. Tevis and John Siebe have
spent some time at Tallac recently.
Fish Commissioners Babcock and W. H.
Keller inspected the Tahoe and Tallac
Hatcheries last week. After completing
the round of inspection Mr. Keller re
turned to his home in Santa Monica. The
trip from Truckee to Tahoe will be an
easy one next year, as work on the rail
road connecting these points is being
pressed vigorously. The hauling of rails,
ties and other material has left the stage
road in bad condition.
W. D. Mansfield, whose flycasting has
been a revelation to the world, does not
anticipate much more pleasure on the
mountain streams and lakes this season.
Business may necessitate a trip East,
which would take up his time until near
the end of the season. Should he go East
he may return by way of Pelican Bay,
where "the fishing is excellent from June
until October. Mr. Mansfield and Alex
T. Vogelsang went to Verdi, Nev., during
the Independence day holidays. They
fished on Saturday and Sunday, when Mr.
Mansfield was taken ill and was forced to
return home. Mr. Vogelsang enjoyed good
fishing, returning home Wednesday.
W. H. Metson has returned from Web
ber Lake, where he enjoyed good sport.
A S. Carman fished at Cisco, on the
South Fork of the Yuba River. He found
the stream in excellent condition and was
rewarded with good sport after his first
two days on the stream.
C A * Cate and B. C. Ingalls left some
days since for a two weeks' fishing trip
In the streams of Calaveras and Stanis
laus counties. _ - — ' iV ,'~'~'y
The regular meeting of San Francisco
Fly Casting Club, which always assumes
the form of a dinner, will be held at
Jule's on Tuesday evening. It should
properly, have been held last Tuesday,
but was postponed because of the holi
days.
SAN BARBAE/- DOQ S)HOW
The second annual show held by th*.
Santa Barbara Kennel Club is announced
and this young club may well be excused
by Its enthusiasm for the mistakes caused
by inexperience. There are a few medals
offered as specials, notably by enthusi
asts, such as Norman T. Stewart and
others, and four silver cups, but the bulk
of the specials consists of merchandise.
The entrance fee is $3 for the first entry,
each class after that being half of that
amount. The fox terriers will be Judged
by C. A. Sumner of Los Angeles, a gen
tleman of exceptional knowledge of the
breed and of the strictest impartiality.
Dr. E. A. Dial of San Luis Obispo will
judge foxhounds and bloodhounds, and
Francis T. Underhill of New York will
perform a similar service for - mastiffs.
The balance of breeds will be judged by
H. T. Payne. He ls undoubtedly an ex
pert on setters, but his knowledge of
other breeds has been questioned in the
past.
The show will be held under the rules
of the Pacific Kennel League, and the
awards will consequently obtain no recog
nition outside of the Pacific Coast, and
inside that limit will be recognized only
by the clubs which are members of that
organization.
B. Brvon of Alameda has arranged to
breed his Great Dane bitch. Queen Olga.
by Vlctor-ex-Empress Dogmar, to John
Love Cunningham's Champion Ivan.
Henry H. Carlton, the universally es
teemed secretary of San Francisco Kennel
Club, is still seriously ill. He has been
incapacitated from business for some
time past, and Dr. F. W. d'Evelyn ha. or
dered him to Mill Valley for change of
air. Mr. Carlton's friends are desirous of
seeing him on the road to early and com
plete recovery.
G. T. M. E. d'Aqufn; the secretary of
the Netherlands consulate in this city,
has booked with Rev. J. W. Flinton or
Victoria. B. C. for a fox terrier do*r
puppy from a prospective litter by Aldon
Swagger, out of Aldon Radiance.
The Railroad Exonerated.
An Inquest was held yesterday morning
on the body of James Tierney, the rail
road gatekeeper who was run over by a
train at the crossing of Thirty-second and
Randall streets on the night of July 4
The verdict of the jury was that Tlerney'a
death was due to an accident caused by
I his own carelessness.WEST:
MORE MONEY DEPOSITED WITH THE CALL
TO BRING THE BIG FIGHT TO THIS CITY
Glen Park People in
Earnest.
>
A CHECK FOR TEN THOUSAND
♦ —
WOULD MAKE THE BATTLE A
POPULAR-PRICED AFFAIR.
' •— —
Tom Sharkey Is a Guest of Fanner
Buckley at Livermore and
Wants to Meet His Op
ponent Here.
♦
It being hardly in the nature of things
that a successful rival to Jeffries or
Sharkey will develop before the end of
next -.ear. it is probable that these two
shining lights of pugilism will fight the
last great battle of the waning century.
Jt is more than likely that it will be con
tested In this city. Two offers have been
made of (40,000 each to that end, and The
Call has now in its possession certified
checks as an evidence of their good faith.
It remains with the heavy-weights and
their backers to accept or reject San
Francisco as a battle ground.
Following close upon the heels of
Charles Newman and his check for $5000
the Glen. Park Company, by its manager,
Reproduction of the Big Certified ChecK in the Hands of Th)e Call.
H. I. McGill. deposited yesterday with this I
paper a tilled check for $10,000 on the
Crocker-Woolworth National Bank to
bind its offer of a $40,003 purse to bring j
the battle to the Mission resort.
The conditions attached, in addition to !
the provision for a thirty-round contest in i
September, as first specified, arc to the !
effect "that the deposit will remain subject i
to action by Jeffries or Sharkey until the ]
17th inst.
"Our object in limiting the time," said j
Manager McGill. "is to prevent, in as far I
as possible, the peddling of the fight. In |
other words, we do not care to keep our
money on deposit at the call of the back
ers of the fighters so they can use it as a |
lever to tilt the purse on the Eastern end. .
If they mean business our money is ready. 1
O'Rourke and Brady can be reached by
wire in no timo. and the whole matter can
be settled once for all within the ten days, j
If we get the fight, we'll make it a |
popular priced affair. Our park is j
splendidly situated and we can build
an amphitheater in a valley sheltered
by hills to seat 100,000 people,
every one cf whom can see the ring.
The general idea is to have some
seats as low as a dollar.
"With the crowds that will come from j
all parts of the country to see that battle
and our own sport-loving public we have
no fears of the ilnancial end."
Both Jeffries and Sharkey, who have
befn apprised of these offers, have ex
pressed a desire to fight in this city, ad
mitting, of course, the certainty that the |
fight will go with the heaviest nurs°. j
Manager. Brady being in London, address j
unknown, and Manager o"Kourke en rouie j
to Denver, could not be reached yester- j
day by wire. O'ltmirke's secretary, how- j
ever, was interviewed in New York fori
The Call.
"As the Coney Island Club has an-!
nounccd its intention to offer $50,000," he I
said, 'it is not likely that either principal
will accept either San Francisco offer of !
540.000. e.-peoially ns Coney island is so j
near New York that the gate money !
would be greater than the San Francisco \
receipts. Several other clubs hereabouts,
including the Broadway Athletic and the
Winchester, will outbid San Francisco."
The Caii correspondent adds that he was
at Jim Corbett's saloon during the after
noon and canvassed ' the general opinion,
which he found leaned to the belief that
San Francisco would have to raise the bid
to get the fight. Bn|
Sam Thall. Brady's manager, now in
this city, was of the same opinion.
"I do not see," he said, "how these bids
of Newman and the Glen Park people can
be considered, although there may be a
way. Under the articles of agreement the
tight is set for October 23, and all our ar
rangements are made with that end in ,
view. How, without completely shatter
ing our present arrangements, we could
bring off the fight In San Francisco in
September I can't see. Then again, it
was stipulated, after Brady and O'Rourke
signed articles, that all bids must be
sealed and submitted, accompanied by a
certified check of $2600. to Matt Clunie at
the Vanderbilt Hotel, Forty-second street
and Lexington avenue. New York, not to
be opened and considered until Septem
ber l."
Both Brady and O'Rourke will be in- ]
formed to-day of the San Francisco offers
Champion Jeffries was over at Oakland
last night and to his friends he confided
his wish that the fight could be brought ,
off in San Francisco. His visit had been
loudly heralded and • several hundred
members were on hand to welcome the i
champion. There was no formality to the
affair, but for a quarter of an hour Jeff
ries was shaking hands and receiving the |
congratulations of his friends. Jeffries
has ways been very much attached to
the Reliance and trained there for one of I
his early fights. Next Friday evening
Jeffries promised to be present at the Re- !
liance Club's boxing night. Three ten- ,
round contests have been arranged for the
occasion.
The chamnion and his party leave the
Third and Townsend street depot at 10:30
o'clock this morning for San Jose, where
he will umpire a ball game and box with
his brother Jack.
— __»
Champion Jeffries at Glen Park.
James J. Jeffries, the champion boxer, j
will appear at Glen Park to-morrow in a
four-round bout with his brother Jack.
For those who have not seen Jeffries In
3'tion since he fought in this city the
exhibition will be a revelation. He has
gained wonderfully in sneed and shows
the effect of his practice with Tommy
Ryan, the welter-weight.
COMING HARNESS
. RACES AT OAKLAND
The Golden Gate Agricultural Society,
which has been out of the racing field
for some two years, will again make a
bid for public favor this season. The date
claimed is August 2$ to September \, t_4 >
Bids for the Jeffries-Sharkey Fight
o' Brlen Defeats Dal Hawkins
Secretary Dimond furnishes the follow
ing list of entries for the different classes
to be decided at Oakland track:
2:40 class trotting, Joseph Edge's b. g.
Hank, by Vasto- Wyoming Chief; Rosedale
Stock Farm's b. m. Diana, by Daly; J. B.
l'erson's It. s. Prince Neer. by Eugeneer-Ken
tucky Prince; Bob Freeman's b. g. Prince L.
by Escort-William L; Peter E. .lessen'!* s. g.
Juan Chico, by Bay Rum-Whipple's Hamble
tonian; F. D. McGregor's b. m. Eleanor Ann,
by Illustrious-Greening' Morgan; Ellas Wil
liams' b. s. Silver Bow Jr., by Silver Bow-
Tempos;. D. E. Knight's s. f. Lena A., by
Lynmont-Elmo; John E. Kirkland's b. g. Mo-
Briar, by McKinney; G. W. Berry's s. f.
Psyche, by Cupid-Speculation; Van de Vanter
Stock Farm's b. g. Tickets, hy Conductor-
Charleston; F. Menchaca's blk. g. • El Mora,
by Lonworth-Anteeo; M. Salisbury's b. m.
Lady McDonald, by Direct-Brigadier; M. Salis
bury's eh. m. Lady Salisbury, by Direct-Dexter
Prince. ■-.-.-* ' *
2:30 class trotting. Joseph Edge's b. g.
Hank, by Vasto- Wyoming Chief; Rosedale
Stock Farm's b. m. Julia S. by Daly; F. D.
McGregor's b. m. Eleanor Ann, by Illustrious-
Greening's Morgan; Ellas Williams' b. s. Sil
ver Bow Jr., by Silver Bow-Tempest ; D. E.
Knight's b. g. Dos Mlnutos, by Melvar-Elmo:
John E. Kirkland's b. g. Mcßrlar. by McKin
ney; M. Salisbury's b. g. Birdcatcher, by
Direct-Hock Hocking: G. W. Berry's s. f.
Psyche, by Cupid-Speculation; Robert -Noble's
eh. m. Ruby X. by Ira-Poscora Hay ward; M.
Salisbury's b. f. Alex B. by NutWOOd Wilkes;
F. t Menchaca's blk. g. El Moro, by Donworth-
An'teeo.
2:26-class trotting, $I>"—1 >"— John Moorhead's blk.
m. Sibyl S. by Hambletonian Wllkes-Carr's
Mambrino; Rosedale stock form's b. m. Bertha
H. by Daly; E. J. Donnally's =. g. Saltaseln,
by Bordell-Tilton Almoin* William Duncan's
br. s. Kentucky Baron, by Baron Wllkes-Ken
tucky Prince; Walnut Grove stock farm br..
m. Lottie, by San Diego- Whlrpleton; Vendome
stock farm's br. g. Boodler. by Boodle-Whip
ple's Hambletonian: Joseph Purington's oh g.
Granville, by Silas Skinner-Alexander II: Rich- ■
elieu stables' m. m. Maud Newman, by Anteeo
Jr.; D. E. Knight's b. g. Lynhood, by 1-- a-
Brigadier; T. J. Crowley's s. I. Lottie,
by Cupid-Bismarck; Van de Vanter stock
farm's b. g. Tickets, by Conductor-Charleston:
M Salisbury's b. g. Birdcatcher. by Direct-
Hock Hocking; M. Salisbury's b. f. Alex B, by
Nutwood Wilkes.
2:19-class trotting (nomination). $1000— Ed
Lafferty. San Francisco; John M irhead, Pleas
anton; W. R. Lumsden. Santa Rosa; Charles
E. Clark. Fresno; E. Cowell, Alameda; D. R.
Misner. San Francisco; W. H. Dahle, Pleas
ant<n: Walnut Grove stock farm, Walnut
Grove; Vendome stock farm, San .lose; Santa
Rosa stock farm, Santa Rosa: J. J. Connor. Sa
linas; Kate 8. Gannon, Emeryville; M. Salis
bury. Pleasanton.
2.16-1 i.-if- trotting (nomination), $1000 — Ed
Laffertv, San Francisco; George W. Ford,
Santa Ana; J. Smith. Vallejo; C. L. Griffith.
San Francisco; Charles E. Clark. Fresno: Wal
nut Grove stock farm. Walnut Grove: W. D.
Nichols. Sacramento: Vendome stock farm,
San Jose; Santa Rosa stock farm. Santa Rosa;
J. .7. Connor, Salinas: D. E. Knight, Marys
ville; <;. W. Berry, San Francisco; E. Top
ham. Miipltas; W. 1.. Spoor, Redlaflds; E.
Cowell, Alameda.
Free-for-all (nomination), William
Rourki San Bernardino; George W. Ford,
Santa Ana; J. B. Iverson. Salinas; Charles E.
Clark. Fresno; Vendoriie stock farm. San Jose;
Robert Mai-no, an Rafael; S. V. Etarstow, San
.lose; M. Grace Judd; Santa Ana; B. Erken
brecher. Los Aujeles.
3:30 class pucing, $1000— George A. Da-la' blk.
-,-.. ■■»..• Direct, by Direct-Kentucky Volunteer;
George Johns' b. g. I- itsey D. by Almont
Patchei'-Prompter; William Murray's b. f.
Mlramonte. by Diablo-Cresco: J. B. Iverson's
b. m Dictlna, by Dlctatus-Carr's Mambrlno;
George Trunk's b. g. Harry J. by Reavls Steln
way-Singleton; O. J. Holmes' br. b. Al Malvln.
by Don M rvln-THton's Almont; F. J. Vet
tec's b. g. Captain Hackeit. by Stetnway-Idoi
Wilkos H. 11. Hell-nans br. s. Alto Rio. by
Altamount-C. M. Clay Jr.; Mrs. C. B. Blge
loW's b. m. Vileria, by Alex Button-Flaxtall;
Santa Rosa stock farm's br. m. Guycara. by
Guy Wllkes-Director; Peter E. Jessen'fi br. s.
Alta. by Almont-Altamont: C. A. fee's br.
f. Monica, by McKlnney-Dlrector; Fernslde
stock farm's Ur. h. Advertiser, by Advertiser-
Steinwav; L. J. Felton's eh. g. El Diablo, by
Diablo- A. W. Richmond; Vioget stock farm's
br. s. Wild Nulling, by Wild Nut-Electioneer:
J. L. Smith's oh. s. Gaff Topsail, by Dlablo-
Alcona; Walnut Grove stock farm's br. g. Sable
la Grande, by Sable Wilkes-Theo; John E.
Kirkland's Primrose, by Altamont.
2:25 i lass pacing. $1000— George A. Davis' blk.
h. Rev Direct, by Direct-Vera. by Kentucky
Volunteer; A. G. Gurnett's b. m. Echora
Wilkes, by Nutwood Wilkes-Eeho; George
John's b. p. Patsey D, by Almont Patchen-
Promptor: Geotge Trunk's b. g. Harry J, by
Rea Is Steinway-Singleton: F. J. Vetter's b. g.
Captain Hackett, by Steinway-Idol Wilkes; <*.
M ("lines br. g. ' ' M C, by Sarnie-General
Booth; H. H. Hellman's b. m. Myrtha Wilkes.
bj Whips-Contractor: Mrs. C. B. Blg»low's b.
m Vileria, by Alex Button-Flaxtall; Peter E.
j,.-., br. s. Alta, by Altamont-Mattie;
George Gray's b. g. Clipper, by Diablo-Ulster
Chief: M. -Salisbury's b. m. Thera, by Al
bion-Ton Broeck; M. Salisbury's b. g. Theron,
by Albion-Ten Broeck; Vioget stock farm's br.
s. Wild Nutling. by Wild Nut-Electioneer;
George E. Kirkland's Primrose, by Altamont.
2:18 class facing (nomination). $1000 R. P.
M. Greeley, Oakland: A. G. Gurnett. San
Francleco:' William Murray. Pleasanton; W.
H I.umsden. Santa Rosa; J. B. Iverson, Sa
linas; 7. S. Bennett. Moberly, Mo.; George
Hawk, Emeryville; Santa Rosa Stock Farm,
Santa Rosa; Richelieu Stables, San Francisco;
C. A Durfee, Oakland: P. H. Quinn. Scotia;
T J. Crowley, San Francisco: George Gray,
Havwards: Van de Vanter Farm. Seattle; R.
Garnsey, Santa Ana; M. Salisbury, Pleasanton;
C. O. Thornquist, Redlands; L. J. Felfon,
Santa Ana.
2:13 class pacing (nomination). $1000- _
Ryder, San Francisco; G. Wempe. San Fran
cisco: E. P. Ileald, San Francisco; R. L. Nash,
Hi Mister; J. B. Iverson. Salinas; F. G. Craw
ford, Willows; C. J. Holmes, Sacramento; J.
B. Bennett. Moberly. Mo.; E. B. Smith. Sacra
mento: Robert Robinson, Oakland: C. A. Dor
fee Oakland; P. H. Quinn, Scotia: Van de
Vanter Stock Farm. Seattle: F. Menchaca.
Santa Barbara; C. D. Jeffries. Pleasanton; _
J. Felton. Santa Ana.
2:12 class pacing (nomination), $1000— John
Baker. Santa Ana; P. L. Nash, Hollister; F.
G Crawford. Willows; T. W. Hobson. San
Jose; C. A. Dor-fee. Oakland: C. F. Kapp.. San
Francisco: P. H. Quinn. Scotia; George Gray.
Havwards: Van de Vanter Stock Farm. Se
attle. Wash.*, A. Erlckson, Portland, Or.; E.
Menchaca, Santa Barbara; R. Garnsey, Santa
Ana. *i
Three-year-old class trotting, $800— B. Erken
brecher's br. m. Miss Barnabee, by McKinney-
Del Sur: A. G. Ournott's gr. g. What Is It. by
Dlrect-Brlgadler: James Sutherland's b. c.
Charles G, by Direct- Kentucky Volunteer: W.
H. I. urn-den's b. f. Tia Juana, by Gosslper-
Myrtle; Richelieu Stable's br. g. Porto .Rico,
by Sable Wllkes-Stelnway: D. E. Knight's * f.
Lena A. by Lynmont-Eimo; Van de Vanfr's
Stock Farms' b. c. Klr.rn.ont. by McKlnnev-
Altamont: C. L. Griffith's blk. f. Corona, by
Direct-Robert McGregor: E. Topham's b. m.
Blanche T. by Hambletonian Wllkes-Billy
Thornhill; W. C. Belknap's b. f. Alena, by
Oneco-Altao. ■'■■.£■''■" .'.'.*-
■ m •
Big Catches of Salmon.
SANTA- CRUZ. July 7.— The bay Is full
of sardines and bait is plentiful, which Is
an Indication that the salmon run will be
heavy in a few days. A number of fine
salmon were caught to-day, the largest
catch being made by Eyre Pinckard of
San Rafael and Richard Gerbin of Menlo
Park. . '.
McCoy to Fight McConnaak.
CHICAGO, July 7.— "Kid" McCoy has
signed articles to fight ""Jack" McCor
mack of Philadelphia in this city on Au
gust 18. McCormack has expressed his
wiUiagne" to flg£t.
TIIE S^K FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUL 8, 1899.
Jeff a Winner From
Way Back.
— • —
WAS BOUND TO LICK FITZ
A BROOKLYN MAN PROVES IT
BY HIS PEDIGREE.
♦
One of the Champion's Norman An
cestors Probably Whipped a
Cornish Ancestor of
Lanky Bob.
•
More than eight centuries ago an an
cestor.of Jim Jeffries probably put out a
forefather of Fitzsimmons. The docu
ment to prove it is in the possession of
Billy Delaney, who trained the young
Californian for his battle with the lanky
Cornishman. He received it yesterday
from the Rev. Alexis «'. Jeffrie, father
of the champion, to whom it was sent ir,
the form of a letter, by a namesake, J. C.
Jeffries, of 652 Fulton street, Brooklyn.
N. Y.
According to the Brooklyn Jeffries i
James J. is a pugilist with a nedipr. c as
long as a pipe dream and a genealogical
tree as high as the price of a box at the j
Coney Island Club. By reason of these
I priceless possessions he is entitled to
1 stamp a crest on his note paper with the
; motto. "Post nubilla Phoebus;," which,
: freely translated, means, "After clouds
comes sunshine."
This is not moonshine. The Brooklyn
j Jeffries, who is evidently a pod-fearing
man with an eye on the motto on the
j reverse of the round American dollar,
■knows apparently whereof he speaks and
I had gone to considerable trouble in dust
i Ing the family archives before he posted
j the Important document, which was writ
! ten two days after Jeff had knocked Fitz
j into the "middleweight" class.
'.'As our family knew it." lie began, "the
original slock of the Jeffries was Scandi
navian or North Viking. They started in
£-»- <$-a-<s--a—&~a- <3>-*»-<3> -*~<B>-*»- <$>-4-s>-+ --a-&-a-<s-4~<s>-4-^r~a--s>-4-<&~a-<s-a--® <_> -4~ <S> -♦- Q^a-<s>-4-<s>-4~&-a~9
Glen Par Where an Amphitheater Could Be Constructed to Accorn
n)odate 100,000 Spectators of tbe Great Fight.
Normandy about the year 900 and went to
England in 10.6." • ../'v. ''•""*"."..-
When the Brooklyn Jeffries wrote that
paragraph he undoubtedly had in his
mind's eye the landing of William the
Conqueror and the apparition of a mighty
Jeffries on the Sussex coast of England,
where the last of the Saxon Kings, cer
tainly supported by the nearby Cornish,
was making a stand. What more proba
ble than that a rude and untutored Jef
fries swatted a shivering ancestor of the
most wonderful freak* that ever invaded
the prize 'ring.
"In early periods." the Brooklyn chron
icler writes, "their name was known as
Godfridus, Godefroy, Godefry, Godfrey,
which in latter times was gradually
changed to Gecfferoi, Jefferry, Jefferey.
Jeffrey. Jefferies, Jeffries."
He might have added: "The man that fit
Simmons." but he refrained. He contents
himself by throwing In the information
that Chief' Justice Jeffreys. Baron of Wem.
the butcher of the "bloody assizes" that
followed the collapse of the Monmouth re
bellion, was a scion of the same family.
The first Jeffries In America landed in
1681. settling at Uplands, now Chester, Pa.,
and dying after the manner of his kind,
leaving a large family, to inherit his name.
Like most heirs, they scattered their for
tune during the centuries, until the name
of Jeffries was represented In all the thir
teen original colonies. The record of the
Brooklyn Jeffries shows that some of his
collateral ancestors sent forth many
shoots from the genealogical tree. One
of them. Richard Jeffries, born at East
Bradford, Pa., in 1730, was the father ot
twenty-nine children.
After imparting all this information, the
Brooklyn Jeffries, who .met Jim last sum
mer and took quite a fancy to him, closes
With some advice. He says:
Jim was quite a surprise to those Interested
ln his family, as they thought the other fel
low Invincible. The general public can't un
derstand it. But on second thought they real
ized that a real master hand had appeared.
Hi. -victory- was a revelation and a great light
SPORTS
has been thrown on pugilism, which clears
1 away prejudice and. elevates his calling to that
high standard which commands , respect and
admiration from all. ■ -..-■»' '■'■'■_' .'.** : ~ ; -
There has been so much bragging and so
much back talk among the would-be fighters
that the general public was more or less dis
gusted. While the receipts. $89,000. for admis
j sion to the fight were lan** 1 *" than any previous
contest, the betting by the sporting element
was far less. This was due to the fact that
they did not think Jim from his experience
could possibly win. I for one doubted his vic
tory. " ,1
The motto of the family, which is still ased
in En_lar.d and America, is -Post Nubllla
Phoebus." I knew the family stock back to the
tenth century and that the fighters of the fam
ily who selected that motto knew the sun
would shine after the clouds had passed.
You said the Lord was with Jim and his con
test, and I believe that the Lord Is faith, an.
faith is honesty of purpose. Jim was faithful,
honest and manly. His whole conduct before
and since the fight and all his utterances have
shown that innate manhood which makes this
.life perfect. He has shown himself so rar
above the element which usually follows nis
chosen profession that the sporting public ana
general public seemed dazed. On all sides there
seems to be an aw-, a feeling of respect which
makes men pause. It rests with Jim to Keep
his profession up to that high standard to
which he has elevated it. and I feel sure that
he will do all in his power to do so.
There are breakers, however, but after the
clouds have passed the sun will shine ana
good American eagles, too. . '_■■—,
Honors and eagles go hand in hand, and now
that Jim has all the honors of the champion
ship he should look carefully to the financial
end. as eagles are good things to have after the
honors have passed. Fitzsimmons felt that the
honors might get away. Therefore he de
manded the lion's share of the money. It was
a simple business transaction. He had the
honors of the championship and Jim wanted it.
Fits named his price and got it. and now- he
must be not. only a fighter but a financier as
well
It is believed here that Jim as a fighter is
an unknown quantity. He knows his reserve
for.-c and I hope he will take care of it and
hold the honors he now has for years to come,
and In the meantime look as carefully to the
harvesting of dollars as the honors. Dollars
: will bring more happiness to him and his dear
ones in later life.
SHARKEY AT LIVERMORE.
The Sailor Is a Guest of Boss Chris
Buckley.
LIVERMORE. July 7.— A Call" corre
spondent interviewed Thomas J. Sharkey
to-night at Christopher A. Buckley's
pretty country home, Ravenswood, a few
miles' south of this place. The pugilist
has been the guest of the blind politician
for several days and will remain here
until the first of next week. Sharkey hav
ing lined well was in an affable mood
and was willing to answer all the ques
tions" asked.
"What do you think of the $40,000 offered
by San Francisco people for your fight
with Jeffries?" he was asked. , ; « "
"I would like to light in San Francisco."
he replied, "but. of course, it's a matter
of the best offer. A New York manager
has already offered $50,000" if we pull off
the fight in New York, and I believe the
Lenox Club will bid $10,000 more. As that
would make $20,000 more than the San
Francisco offer, it would be a big in
ducement for us to go East. I would
rather fight in California than anywhere
else, however, because both Jeffries and
myself are Callfornlans and it would seem
the best place to hold the match. I hope
the matter can be arranged."
"You positively would not entertain the
offer of $40,000 as detailed in The Call of
this morning?", again asked the corre
spondent.
"No," replied the sailor. -.;/;;
■ "It has been hinted rather broadly by
a number of sporting men. Mr. Sharkey,
that you will refuse to sign articles with
Jeffries. What have you to say ln regard
to these rumors?"
"Will I fight him?" said the pugilist
scornfully. "Just wait until the time
comes and I will be ready to .fight.
"There is another thing you can say
for me," he continued. "I have never said
anything against Jeffries as the papers
say i have. 1 was glad to see a Call
fornian like Jeffries whip Fitzsimmons.
it will be all the more credit for me when
I whip him." • -'■'■:'.'■.'.:._■- ■..'".".
"It will be a- battle royal .when these
men come together," interjected Buckley,
who was present at the Interview. "'Two
powerful young men. thoroughly skilled
and who have practically never been de
feated ought to make the greatest battle
■ ever fought." ___
Sharkey is thoroughly enjoying his out
ing in the Livermore hills and declares
; that he never felt better. He professes
himself anxious, however, to prepare for
the big fight which he declares will settle
the question of the championship for a
long time to come.
DEFEATED BECAUSE HE
WAS NOT ACCLIMATED
DENVER, July "Kid" Parker of
Denver defeated "Jack" Carrig of Buffalo
In the sixth round of 'what was to have
been a. twenty-round go before the Colo
| rado Athletic Association to-night. "Kid"
McCoy acted as referee. When the gong
sounded at the close of the sixth round
Carrig was on the mat, where he had
fallen in sheer exhaustion a second be
fore. He was carried to his corner by, his
I seconds, who Inter announced that Car
' rig conceded the fight to Parker. , " : :
The bout was hard fought during the
! first three rounds, honors being about
i even. It soon became evident that
: "Jack's" wind was seriously impaired. In
I the last three rounds he was on the mat
a number of times, and only arose ln time
j to. prevent being counted out. His grit
won him much applause.- Another thing
; that was noticeable in Carrig was the
; lack of steam In his blows. He landed
frequently " and in vital places, but his
blows, as a rule, had not the least effect
j on Parker, who was strong and active
'. and was the aggressor throughout. Stim
| ulants had to be given frequently to Car
| rig to brace him up, and after the ftjiht
| he complained very much of trouble in his
j breathing apparatus. .
It was plain. to all that Carrig had not
sufficiently acclimated . himself to follow
such a pace as Parker cut out for him.
but he lacked nothing in gameness, and
it was only at; the. urgent advice of his
seconds that he consented to throw up the
sponge. Four thousand persona witnessed
the fight. ,-- - "—.._'-
An American Wins at Henley.
Golf Championship Goes East
DAL HAWKINS
OUTPOINTED BY
JACK O'BRIEN
Fight Goes the Full
Limit.
♦
NEW YORKER GETS DECISION
— • —
BOTH MEN INDULGE IN FOUL
TACTICS.
«
The Californian Injures His Left
Hand in an Early Round, but
at all Times Seems
Outclassed.
♦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, July 7.— ln a fast, fierce
battle that went the limit of twenty-five
rounds, "Jack" O'Brien of New York was
the victor over "Dal" Hawkins of San
Francisco at the Broadway Athletic- Club
to-night. The winner came to the ring
side as the shortender in a 2 to 1 betting
proposition and won almost as he pleased.
He was not at any time in very serious
danger and had everything his own way
after the fifteenth round. Hawkins in
jured his left hand in the early part bf the
fight hut even if he had had the free us*
Of it throughout the cent* st it is improb
il>le that he could have won or even gut
• a draw.
The fight, although fast and game, was
not satisfactory. It was first announced
that the men would fight straight Queens
berry rules. Then, in the second round,
they agreed to break clean and failed to
do so. There was no announcement of
the latter agreement until later, and as a
result th.re was an immense amount of
wrangling and confusion. The crowd
hissed both men for fouling, but Referee
"Johnny" White contented himself wit!*,
rather mild cautioning. The men did
about as they pleased. They hit in
clinches, hit with the free arm and hit at
the breakaway.
In the eighteenth round White took mat
ters into his own hands and at every
clinch forcibly broke the men. Even at
that they tried to hit each other both in
the clinches and after the breakaway.
Hawkins was the veteran of the two
and seemed more shifty on his feet, but
O'Brien kept boring in on him and seemed
to manage to get inside of his punches.
They both weighed 133 pounds, but
O'Brien was the stronger. More than 3000
persons saw the contest.
•—
BEAN-EATERS BACK
IN SECOND PLACE
Philadelphia Team Defeated, While
Chicago Loses to the
'■;.• Pirates.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs- W. L. Pet. I Clubs— W. ... Pet.
Brooklyn ....47 22 .'"M Pittsburg ...34 33 .507
Boston 42 26 .618 Cincinnati ..33 33 .500
Chicago 40 2."> .615 New York... 37 .448
Philadelphia 40 26 .606 Louisville ...26 43 .379
Baltimore ...37 2-- .568 Washington 2. 47 .329
Bt. Louis 37 2- .Ml Cleveland ...12 52 .187
LOUISVILLE. July 7.— The Colonels made It
three straight from the Reds to-day. Brelten
stein was batted hard In the first three innings.
Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs- R. . H. E.
Louisville 6 11 0
Cincinnati 3 9 1
Batteries— Dowllng and Powers: Breitenstein
and Wood. Umpires— Gaffney and Latham.
WASHINGTON, July «.— McGinety was rath-
er wild to-day and the Senators hit him fre
quently. Poor base-running prevented the
home team, scoring oftener. Mercer pitched
well, the visitors being unable to make a hit
until the sixth inning. Attendance. MM. Score:
Clubs— ' '■'■ . R. H. E.
Washington 4 10 1
Baltimore 3 4 ■ ■./-.:'---
Batteries — Mercer and Kltt-edge: McGlnety
and Robinson. Umpires McDonald and Man
assau.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Dunn was batted safe
ly for nine hits, with a total of sixteen bases,
In the first three Innings to-day. but he allowed
only three singles in the remaining six. Brook
lyn rallied in the seventh, winning by clever
team work. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Philadelphia 7 12 3
Brooklyn ....!!!!!!!!"!"!!!!!!!".!!! 9 12 l
. Batteries— Magee and McParland; Dunn and
Smith. empires— Lynch and Connolly.
BOSTON, July 7.— The large number of bases
given on balls robbed to-day's game of much
ot its interest. Carrlck did fairly well until
the last inning, when he was hit hard. The
work of Hamilton and Duffy were the features.
Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston .' - *. ' It 3
New York 3 5-^4
Batteries— Willis and Clarke; Carrlck and
Grady. empires— Emslie and Smith.
PITTSBURG, July -Garvin had two bad
innings, the second and third, when the Pitts
burgs made nine hits and all of their runs.
Tannehlll was easy and Leever was substituted
'n the eighth. The feature was Green's bat
ting. Out of five times at bat he made four
hits, with a total of nine bases. Attendance,
ISOO. Score:' . •/•->_;-;
Clubs— R. *-■-'. H. E.
Pittsburg .' V...7 12 4
'Chicago , 6 12 2
Batteries— Tannehlll, Leever and Schrlver;
Garvin and Donohue. Umpires— Swartwood and'
Hunt.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— game on account of
.get grpunjla. ■»- " ■-■.'-.
CHAMPIONSHIP
AT GOLF GOES
TO THE EAST
Western Players Are
Out of It.
a—
MACDONALD MEETS DEFEAT
— ♦ —
DOUGLASS AND HARRIMAN TO j
COMPETE IN FINALS.
—a—
Experts at the Onwentsia Grounds
Believe the American Will
Prove Too Clever for
the Scot.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ONWENTSIA GOLF COURSE, LAKE
FOREST, 111.. July The golf champion
ship of 1889 will be won by an Eastern
man. H. M. Harriman of the Meadow
brooke Golf Club, Hempstead, L. 1., and
the present champion, Findlay S. Doug
lass, won the semi-finals in the amateur
golf tournament at Onwentsia to-day. and
to-morrow will meet in the deciding strug
gle for the championship. It will be a
Scotch golfer against a native American.
Harriman, who formerly played football
and baseball at Princeton, won so im
pressively to-day from his opponent.
Charles B. Mac Donald, and displayed
such good form in every phase of the
game that to-night many of the golfers (
who have followed the play of the two
men throughout the week are of the opin
ion that Douglass will be pressed harder
in to-morrow's game than at any time
during the present week, and will have
to be at his best to retain the champion
ship. The general belief is that the game
will not be won by more than two or
three holes by either man.
Mai Donald's defeat by Harriman re
moved the last Westerner from the list
of contestants. This game, because on it
depended whether or not a Wlesterner i
would contest in the finals, prove* a lode
stone to the enthusiasts who came out
to view the final struggles, and an un
usually large gallery closely followed the
play during both the morning and the |
afternoon. Mac Donald's work was a de
cided disappointment to his friends. He
did well during the first nine holes of the
morning, but coming in he fell down badly '.
on his iron work, losing several holes by j
poor putting that he should have won, or |
at least halved. Harriman played con- :
sistent golf throughout. His drives all
day were longer than Mac Donald's,
though perhaps not enough so to mate- :
rially affect the result. It was on his
putting and short iron work that he ex
celled, and this finally won him the game.
Champion Douglass had an unexpect
edly hard struggle to win from C. H.
Travis. These two met last year in the
semi-finals. Douglass secured a decisive
victory. To-day, however. although ;
Douglass finished the first eighteen holes
four-up, the game was not decided until
the thirty-fifth hole had been negotiated.
Travis played a beautiful game against
the heavy odds, and although the cham
pion was dormie five at the thirty-second
tee Travis by some of the prettiest ap
proach shots and puts seen during the
tournament won the next, three holes.
Douglass halved the thirty-fifth, however,
and the match was over. Douglass, ap
parently confident in his ability to win
out, played carelessly coming in. and to
this fact was partly due the closeness of
i the score.
Findlay S. Douglass, D. R. Forgan and
W. J. Travis, who tied at 17.': for the
bronze medal in the qualifying round
on Monday, will play off their tie to-mor
row afternoon after the championship
game is over. Nine holes will be played,
the lowest medal score winning.
TYRSHENA LOSES AFTER
FINISHING IN FRONT
Beats Handsel in a Furious Drive and
Is Disqualified on a Claim
of Foul.
NEW YORK. July 7.— The fifth race at
Brighton Beach to-day brought out a
head and head finish betweeti Tyrshcna
and Handsel, the former winning in a
furious drive. Turner, on Handsel,
claimed a foul, which was allowed, and
Tyrshcna was disqualified. Results:
Mile and a sixteenth— Lackland won. Fire- ,
arm second, Grey Jacques third. Time, 1:48 2-5.
" Five furlongs— Wax Taper won. MacFlecknoe
second. Her Ladyship third. Time. 1:03 .-."
Five and a half furlongs— Clarke
won. Cam Var second. Landgrave third. Time,
1:08 1-5.
Selling, live and a half furlongs Affect won.
Ceylon second. Trumpet third. Time, LOS 1-5.
Selling, mile— Handsel won, Wolhurst sec
ond. The Dauphin third. Time. 1:41 2-5.
One mile — Glorlan won. Satin Slipper second,
George Keene third. Time, 1:42.
. ST. LOUIS, July 7.— The Fair Grounds
track was sloppy to-day. Results:
Selling, six forlorn** Fourth Ward won.
Katie Gibbons second. Joe Doushty third.
Time. !:!-'<
Two-year-olds, five furlongs— Sylvian won.
Sue Johnson second. Silent Friend third. Time,
1:06%.
Selling, mile and seventy yards— Chancery
won. Air Blast second. Jim third. Time, 1:52.
Selling, six furlongs— Banish won. HI Koller
second, Beekman third. Time. 1:18.
Two-year-olds, five and a half furlonss— Pis
solute won, San Ccila second, Chlckamauga
third. Time. 1:13.
Selling, six furlongs— Silver Set won. Bar
riso second, Nancy Till third. Time, 1:18.4.
CHICAGO. July 7.— Harlem results.
Weather raining, track heavy:
Five furlongs. two-year-olds— Lanable won.
Postmaster Bailey second. Dlxoletta third.
Time, 1:05. -.:".*■.';:
Six md a half furlongs, selling— Canace won.
Cuirassier second. Heroics third. Time. 1:21%;
Six furlongs, selling— Phlllas won, Indian sec-
JJP^I'DR. MEYERS & CO.
.'^^^^J^' i£v Are the only physicians who have such
l -%__^_ftJ at* confidence in their skill and abiii y lhat
%*_&s&! P they will wait for their pay until their
\m ; '\w' _________ '^?35& patients are cured. DR. -MEYERS & CO.
ffl*_<vif £^**?S^± > ftKpvf ' are the leading specia.ists of America
_y% M ' \fil_%\ because they are the most successful.
" UlflLw ~i!!r fT" I They have been established more than
"*<W^. " v 1 eighteen years, and have a practice that
i^^r^Bg, J^___- 1 extends all over the United States.
\ '^'^^^i__^__jm___^__ma Nervous Debility, Lost Vigor, Premature
[\^_^___W___m_^^__f Decay, Wasting Drains, Unnatural Losses,
J N^YkMH^__«_-^_Kr-'"'' Stricture. Rupture, Varicocele, Sleepless-
/fj\. \^^S^-^v^r_*}4^^ ness, Blocd Poison and Private Diseases, alio
jgjgA \. / -S!_^i^J^-fS>w. Diseases of ihe Iffdneys, Bladder, Spine,
'^^i^s_'^_r-—^^^^4P^^*^'' Liver, Heart. Stomach, and Associate. Dis-*
"^ V v •■' eases and Weaknesses of Men.
« HOME CURES A SPECIALTY.
>? If you cannot call, write for priv-'te took, .znosis sheet, free advice,
# prices and other partial ars. Tnous of men cured every year who have
$ never seen the doctors. Consultation (re*. All correspondence confidential.
>> No printing on envelopes or packages to indicate nam; of sender.
1 DR. ME YER 3 & CO.
1 TO / Market Street, ' I elevator «_*___% t 5 to D ly \
_■_ m T_. m •'-■ ----- -| _- _ ■_■<——+ Sundays— to 11.
21 M s_9 i Son Francisco. 1 ENTRANCE. Evenlnffs-7 to 8.
+ *♦♦♦>♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦'+♦
: EAST-:
DR. HOWELL
DISPOSES OF
ALL COMERS
Wins Diamond Sculls
at Henley.
——a —
EASILY FINISHES IN FRONT
— • —
BLACKSTAFFE BEATEN EARLY
IN THE FINAL.
a
Magdalen Oarsmen Defeat the Ham
monia Crew of Hamburg for
the Stewards' Challenge
Cup.
•
Special Dispatch to The Pall.
HENLEY-ON-THAMES, July 7.— The
Henley royal regatta came to an end un
der the most favorable conditions. The
weather to-day was perfect, but the at
tendance was not so large as usual. The
racing contained no surprises and no close
finishes. There was a feeling of relief,
however, when in the stewards' cup Mag
dalen disposed so easily of the German
crew, that many had predicted would win.
The cheers that greeted the winners were
much heartier than those given to any
other victors and emphasized the general
joy that the trophy was not to be taken
abroad.
There was also much enthusiasm when
the young Etonians -fairly rowed down
their' strong opponents, Pembroke College,
in the ladies' challenge plate and re-es
tablished their claim as the holders of
this trophy. -'• , ,
Howell's victory in the diamond chal
lenge sculls was also immensely popular.
When Lady Esther Smith presented the
prizes after the races Colonel Willan, the
umpire, made a brief speech, in which he
welcomed the foreign crews to Henley.
He said:
"We are especially glad to renew ac
quaintance with the Argonauts, who
made such a favorable impression when
they were here two years ago. Although
we should be extremely sorry to part with
the cup. there is no place we would rather
see it go to than Canada.".
When Gold came up to receive the prizes
for the grand and for the stewards' he
was greatly cheered, in recognition of the
skill in which he had piloted the two
crews to victory. Gold stroked the Lean
ders when they defeated Yale.
Howell, the American oarsman, of Trin
ity Hall, Cambridge, beat Blackstaffe of
the Vesta Rowing Club in the final heat
for the diamond sculls, of which Howell
is the holder. Blackstaffe tried to slip
off. but Howell responded splendidly, and,
cutting his opponent down, went right
ahead. Blackstaffe hung on to Fawrey
Court, where he stopped, dead beat. How
; ell puddled in four lengths ahead in 8 min
utes 6 seconds. . ; "
In the final heat for the Wyfold chal
lenge cup (fours! Trinity Hall beat the
London Bowing Club. Trinity Hall was
off first, rowing 38 strokes to the London
crew's 39. The latter caught Trinity Hall
at the top of the island and a terrific
' struggle ensued. Trinity Hall, however,
, ■gradually forged ahead", at the mile they
were clear of the opposing oarsmen, and
they won by two and three-quart*
lengths. Time, 7:57.
In the final heat for the Ladies* chal
-1 lenge plate (eights) Eaton beat Pern
, broke. Eaton struck a 39 stroke to Pem
broke's 40, but promptly went to the front
and was a half-length ahead at the Rec
tory. At Fawley Court Eton was a lengtn
: ln front and Pembroke drew up, but Eton
spurted and won by two lengths and a
quarter in 7:20.
In the final heat for the Grand challenge
. cup the Leander Club beat the London
Rowing Club. The Leander crew, wits a
stroke of 41 to the London crew's 40. were
: speedily in front and gradually forged
, ahead, winning by a length and a quarter
in 7:12.
In the final heat for the Visitors' Chal
lenge cup (fours) Balliol College, Oxford,
beat New College. Oxford. Balliol and
New College both started off with thirtv
seven strokes, but Balliol promptly went
ahead. When half the distance had been
covered the New College lessened the lead
of their opponent, but their boat com
menced to roll and Balliol won by a
length. Time. 8:01.
In the final heat for the Thames Chal
lenge cup. First Trinity beat the Kingston
Rowing Club. First Trinity was the
quickest in getting away, was a length
ahead at Fawley Court and won by two
and three-quarter lengths. Time. 7:25.
In the final for the Silver Goblets and
Nlcholls cup (pairs), the Leander Club
beat the St. George's Hospital Club. The
contest was very one-sided. Leander be
ing a length ahead a quarter of a mile
from the start. The I.eanders continued
in the lead easily and won by a length
and a quarter In 8:48.
In the final heat for the Stewards' Chal
lenge cup (fours), Magdalen College, Ox
ford, beat the favorite Hammonia crew of
Hamburg. This was a runaway affair.
Although the Germans got away first and
led to the top of the island, bad steering
lost them a lot of ground and the Mag
dalen crew, rowing splendidly, won by
five lengths. Time. 7:51.
#<?■*•? ~ ••■"■:-• * •■:-;- •- a- -♦ #<$>■*<$>*<$ ■•*■■ * -•?■*•?•#
ond. Annls Palmer thirl Time, 1:18*4.
One mile— Maced won, Benneville second.
Prince Blazes third. Time. 14*.
Six furlongs, selling— Warren Point won.
Reger B second." Jennie F third. Time. ' 1:16%.
One mile, selling— Bethlehem Star won. Merry
Glen second, Elldad third. Time, 1:47-.
BUFFALO, X. V., July 7.— Results at Fort
Erie:
Six furlongs— Fallela won. Damocles second:
Montanus third. Time. 1:19%.
- Four and a half furlongs— Fonida won, Cali
fornia second. Profit third. Time. :52*i.
Seven furlongs — Man.anlllo won. I'h.ntilly
second. King F.lkwood third. Time. 1:32%.
. Four and a half furlongs— Mr. Boffin won,
Clonkllty second. Stlts third. Time. :59%.
'tie and a quarter miles— Ollie Dixon won.
Kittle Repent second, Jimmy Gibbon third.
Time, 2:16.
Seven furlonsrs— Allie Bell won. Beau Ideal
second, Dr. Stewart third. Time, 1:31%.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures lower.
barley doing Ifttcr.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay and FeedstufTs unchanged.
Seeds dull.
Beans continue to improve.
Potatoes still higher.
Onions and Vegetables in good supply.
Butter steady aid Fees firm.
Poultry rather firm.
Peaches and Plums still glut the market.
Dried Fruit very firm.
Hams strong at the advance.
Wool active and firm.
Hops and Hides quiet.
Slight rise in Pork.
Grain Bags firm.
New York exchange lower.
WEATHER ' REPORT.
.120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 7. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60tSan Diego 74
Fresno 96 > Sacramento M
I.os Angeles 90 ! Independence 96
Red Bluff 92 Yuma 106
San Luis Obispo... 7S
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
62; minimum, 60; mean. 56.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen slowly over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains. An area of
high pressure appears to be moving in from
the Pacific. The usual summer low overlies
Arizona and Southeastern California.
The temperature has changed but little over
the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
Throughout California it is almost normal, ex
cept jn the vicinity of Los Angeles, where it
continues about six degrees warmer than the
normal. In the vicinity of San Francisco there
is a vertical thermal gradient of one degree
rise for every 200 feet of elevation.
A maximum wind velocity of twenty-six
miles per hour from the southeast is reported
at Poeatello.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky
Mountains.
Forecasts made it San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. July 8, 1899:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; south
erly, changing to fresh northerly winds in' the
valleys; brisk westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; light
northwesterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fair Saturday.
Arizona— Fair Saturday, except cloudy and
possibly showers in the mountains.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. July -Sentiment on the Stock
Exchange favored lower prices during the
greater part of to-day's session, but the feeling
changed in the late dealings and prices were
brought well above yesterday's level before the
close. The late strength originated ln the south
western group of railroads. Missouri Pacific.
Kansas find Texas preferred, Wabash preferred,
Texas and Pacific and St. Louis Southwestern
preferred all rose between one and two points
and arouse,', an active buying movement ln
ether portions of the list. It was notable, how
ever, that some of the stocks which have en-
Joyed the largest share of attention recently fell
into comparative neglect when interest began
to be manifested in the southwesterns. The
grangers, however, after morning declines aver
aging a point, were bid up well above last
right's close ln late dealings. Good weather in
the Northwest and weakness in the wheat mar
ket and Rradst*-, et's decrease of 3,500.000 bushels
in European wheat stocks were the motives for
the buying or" the grangers. Part of this buy
ins was said to be to cover shorts put out
yesterday. Atchison preferred led the late mar
ket in point of activity and strength, rising
2% points above the early low point. Manhattan
showed independent strength before the market
generally had turned upward. The stock rose
to within a shade of 122, but reacted about a
point. The upward movement in Pennsylvania
and New York Central at the opening on a
published report of a plan to consolidate, did :
not hold the general market, though these two
individual stocks maintained the advance in
prices pretty well. Practically the maximum
gain for them was established in London be
fore the opening here. Pennsylvania was held
at 138 only momentarily and rated not far from
137 all day. The early period of the market
was given over to continued liquidation. The
industrial laities and local traction stocks
were notably weak. The late strength of the
southwesterns were shaded by Chesapeake and
Ohio, Cleveland. Columbus, Cincinnati and St.
Louis, Tennessee Coal and Colorado Fuel. The
growing ease of the money market helped on the
late recovery in values. The fears of dearer
money in London gave away under the advance
of the Continental exchange on London. The
call rate dropped from 3c to 2c in London, ac- '
tual rates for sterling exchange fell % to % in
New York and call money was offered down I
to 4 per cent In New York.
Railroad bonds were only moderately active ;
and showed mixed changes. Total sales par
value. $3,3-5,000.
United States new 4s advanced % in the bid
price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 673,860
(-bares, including: American Steel and Wire,
8500; American Sugar. 53.400; American To
bacco, 14,500; Anaconda, 3300; Atchison, 11,800;
Atchison preferred, 65.900; Brooklyn Transit'
40.7 iK); Chesapeake and Ohio, 22,200: Burlington,
20,200; Chicago Great Western, 5C0O; Cleveland,
Columbus an.l Indianapolis, 5200; continental
Tobacco. 5500; Federal Steel, 4300; Manhattan.
66.600; Metropolitan, 4900: Missouri, Kansas
and Texas preferred. 3200; Missouri Pacific
12.500; New York Central, 16.600; Northern Pa
cific, 8800; Pennsylvania, 30,500; People' Gas
3200- Rock Island. 22,800; St. Louts and South
western, 350,); St. Louis and Southwestern pre
ferred, 9200; St. Pa,ul, 25,300; Southern Pacific.
4200; Tennessee Coal and Iron. 20.300; Texas
and Pacific. 8000; Union Pacific, 10,900; Union
Pacific preferred, 4900; Rubber, 3000.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 20% St P ft cm 106
Do prefd 61% Do prefd 175
Baltimore <■_ Ohio. 19 (Am Smelting 30%
Canada Pacific... 99 : Do prefd.... 83%
Canada Southern.. 54 So Pacific . -.:■'_"
''entral Pacific 52%! So Railway....!!!! 11
1 hes & Ohio .- , Do prefd 52
<*hi & Alton 150 Texas & Pacific... 21%
Chi It ft <j 137% Union Pacific 44%
Chi ft E 111 74% Do prefd 77%
Do prefd 122% Nor ft W prefd.... 7094
Chi G W 14% Wabash 8
Chi Ind ft L 9% Do prefd... 22%
Do prefd 40 W&L E (new).... 9
Chi ft N W 160 j Ito 2d prefd 23%
Do prefd -...194 ' Express Companies—
C '' C. ft St L 59% Adams ___ 11l
I),) prefd 96 American Ex 137
Del ft Hudson 122 United States 48
Del L ft W 169 1 Wells Fargo 126
Den & Rio G 21% Miscellaneous—
Do prefd 77% A Cot Oil 88V-
Erie (new) 13% Do prefd 92 _
Do Ist prefd 37% -Am Spirits 6%
Ft Wayne 184 , ] ><-, prefd 29 -
Gt Nor prefd 172 Am Tobacco 97%
Glucose 67% Do prefd 142
Illinois Central — 110% Cons Gas 186
Lake Erie & W... 57 Com Cable Co 179
Do prefd 72 Col F & Iron 46%
Lake Shore 200 ' Do prefd 10«
Louis & Nash 72% Gen Electric 118%
Manhattan L 121 Haw Com Co no
Met St Ry 225% Federal Steel 59
Michigan Centra!.. Hl Do prefd go%
Minn &St L 54 Intl Paper i?,-
Do 2d prefd 90% Do prefd 79%
Mo Pacific 46% Laclede Gas 54
Mobile AY Ohio 40% Lead 30
Mo X & T 12% Do prefd 111%
Do prefd 34% Brooklyn R T 116%
N J Central 117% Nat Lin Oil 3
N V Central 138% Pacific Mall 48%
N V C ft St L..... 13% People's Gas 120%
Do Ist prefd 68 Pullman Pal 159%
Do 2d prefd 34% Silver Certificates. 60
Nor "West 20% Standard R & T... 7%
No Amer Co 11% Sugar 158%
No Pacific 60% Do prefd 117
Do prefd....,..:.. 77% T C & Iron 70%
Ontario ft W 27% V S Leather 6
Or Kft N prefd 75% Do prefd 71%
Pacific Coast 38% 1" S Rubber 63%
Do Ist prefd 84 Do pnefd 117%
Do 2d prefd "7 Western Union 90%
Pittsburg 184 Am SftW Co 56
Heading 21% Do prefd 95%
Do Ist prefd el;* c,-,nt Tobacco 41
ROW 33 1 Do prefd 80%
Do prefd 7S Colo Southern 5%
Rock Island 117% Do Ist prefd 44%
St Louis & S F. .. 10% Do 2d prefd 17
Do prefd 71 National Steel 51
DO 2d prefd 37% Do prefd 90
Ft Louis & 8 W... 1"!'.., Anaconda 66%
Do prefd 34% Am Tin 37%
.Bt Paul 132*,! Do prefd 85
Do prefd 174 I
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 101 M X ft T 2ds 63
Do 3s ....10*.% Do 4s 93
Do coup 109 . N Y--"Cent.lsts 112
U S new 4s reg... 130 N J cent gen .121 -
' Do coup 130 North Carolina 65. 127
i; S old 4s reg — 112% Do 4s 102
Do coup 112% N P lsts 113
U Sss reg 112% Do 3s 6S
Do coup 112% Do 4s 104
District 8.65s 113 N V Chi &St L 45.101%
Ala class A 108 Nor & W con 45.. 95
Do B 108 Do gen 6s 135
Do C 98 Or Nay lsts 112
Do Currency 98 Do 4s- 102%
Atch gen 4s ......102% O S Line fis 181%
Do adjt 4s 85% Do con 5s 113%
Canada 80 2ds 11l Reading Gen 4s 89
Cft O 4V-S 96 ROW lsts 99%
Do 5s .. 119% S L ft I M Con 55. 112
C ft NW Con 75. .144 S L & S F Gen 63. 124%
Do deb 6s 122% St P Cons 168
Chicago Term 45.. 99% St PC ft P lsts... 121%
I. ft R G lsts 105 Do 5s 121%
Do 4s 100% So Ry 5s 110%
E T Va ft Ga l«t-__0_% Standard R ft T 6s 87
Erie Gen 4s 73% Term new set 35.. 93
Ft W ft D C lsts. .1% Tex ft Pac lsts.... 114%
Gen Elec as 119 1 Do 2ds 55%,
/
IGH &S A 63 113 U P4s 105%
Do 2ds 101 Wabash lsts 117*4
| H & T <• 5a 113 Do 2ds 102%
Do Con (*s 110 West Shore 4s 115
lowa Cent lsts ...113 "Wis Cent lsts 76%
I. CP& >: Ist. .. >■"... Va Centuries 83 ,
i.a new con 45....:-7 Do deferred — x *« .
| I. & N Uni 4s *<•.<"_ Colo So 4s 89% i
MINING STOCKS.
' Chollar 27 Ontario 7 50
Crown Point 24 Ophlr 95
Con Cal & Va.... 1 SO Plymouth 10
; Deadwood 65 Quicksilver - 15 I
Gould .. Curry.... 35 Do pretd Sen;
I Hale X- Norcross.. 32 Sierra Nevada 60 '
■ ■ lestake 60 00 Standard 2 10 |
Iron Silver 55 Union ("on -'-i
Mexican 50: Yellow Jacket 35
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS
Money Union Kind 8' 4 .
Call loans 3-34 West End 95
Time loans :'<*4 ; <, Do prefd 114 i
Stocks- Westlngh Elec ....49*4
AT & St Fe 20ii Bolids—
Do prefd 61% Atchison 4s 101 i
Amer Sugar 158**- Mining Shares— I
Do prefd IIS Adventure 9% |
Bell Tel 350 Allouez Mm C 0.... 8%
Boston & Albany. ._■>- Atlantic .0
Boston L 109 Boston & Mont. 364
Boston & Maine. .._o Butte. & 805t0n.... 80*,.
Chi Bur & Q 337% Calumet & Hecla..9s
lEd lee 111 200 Centennial 3.-i", 2
I Fitchburg prefd - . llfi 1 -. Franklin 21
i Gen Electric 118 Humboldt 2*.
Do prefd 141 Osceola 89%
I Fed Steel 59 Parrott 53%
Do prefd 81% Qulncy 160
I Mexican Cent 14% Santa Fe Copper.. 14%
Mich Tel '•'' Tamarack 221
Old Colony 203 Winona 14
Old Dominion 35% Wolverines ... ,
; Rubber .3% I'tah 43% :
; Union Pacific 44%
THE MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. July 7.— Money on call at 4% ;
] U'-e; last loan. 4% per cent. Prime mercan- j
tile, 3%@4% per cent. Sterling exchange weak. I
. with actual business in bankers' bills at i
$4 .87% for demand, and at $4 84%@4 85 for 60 '
days, posted rates. $4 865.4 86% and $4 SS 1 ,.: \
; commercial bills. $4 85. Silver certificates. 60
g>6lc Bar silver, 60% c. Mexican dollars, 47% c.
■ Government bonds strong; State bonds Inac
■ tive; railroad bonds irregular.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— To-day's statement!
i of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance. $277,663,392; gold reserve, i
| $243,332,609 . j
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW- YORK, July 7.— The Commercial Ad- j
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: \
j The markets here were Idle to-day in view of
Monday's settlement. The tendency was good
I on the statement that the Transvaal authori
■ ties are climbinsr down and the contradiction
1 of the Bulgaria report. The close was irregu- \
I lar. Americans were erratic. London bought
I on a cable dispatch reporting that the New
York Central and the Pennsylvania railroad are
amalgamating, although the Morgans declared
It was bosh. New York sold freely, and wild ;
: stories were circuited first that Mr. Vanderbilt
was dead and then that young Vanderbilfs
motor car accident was serious. The close was
| rather above the worst. Erie, were excep
tionally hard.
CLOSING.
j LONDON, July 7.— Canadian Pacific. 101%;
j Northern Pacific preferred. 79%: Union Pacilic
] preferred, 79%: Atchison, 20%; Anaconda, 11%;
! bar silver, steady, ?7%d per ounce; money, 2
' iier cent.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL REVIEW.
| NEW YORK, July 7. — Bradstreet's Financial
I Review to-morrow will say:
! The formal announcement of las; Friday we?k I
I that the lease of the Boston and Albany has ,
I been ratified by the New York Central direc- j
j tors, gave a further decided Impetus to specu- ;
lation on last Saturday. The market, accord
| ingly, closed decidedly strong for the three j
i days holiday, and totally disregarded both the [
| advance of call loan rates to 5*5- per cent |
! and the unexpectedly heavy reduction of bank j
■ reserve shown by the clearing house averages
| for the week. The speculative world is Inclined |
' to regard these two la.st mentioned circum- 1
; stances as well as the maintenance of rela- I
I tive-ly high call loan rates since the holiday, as
a temporary effect of the enormous July inter
est and dividend disbursements. The fact that
on Saturday the Vanderbilts, Grangers and
Standard railroad shares rose sharply and at
tracted nearly all the attention, showed the di- j
rection which the movement was inclined to !
take. It may also be specially mentioned that j
Pennsylvania shares were a feature, rising to :
137%, which shows the importance the street
attached to the alleged presence of its presi
dent, Mr. t'assett. at the ratification of the
Central- Albany lease. There have been ru- !
i mors that a compact had been made by which
I the Pennsylvania is to acquire control or* the j
! New York. New Haven and Hartford Railroad. I
That, however, is deemed impracticable and un
desirable, and the only valid deduction that
can be drawn from the circumstance in ques
tion is that unusual harmony prevails in the
trunk line situation.
lyondon prices for Americans advanced on j
Monday and Tuesday, when the New York and ;
other American markets were closed. When
the market reopened on Wednesday it had the '
bullish influence to support it as. well as the I
general expectation that a large part of the I .
extraordinary July disbursements, amounting '
from $120,000,000 to 8150,000,000, would find their j
wav into Wall street for investment. The manip- j
ulation was mainly directed to advancing prices
in various parts of the list. Pools and promi- I
nent houses were active in connection w,th j
their specialties, while the bond market pre- I
I sen ted a decidedly firm appearance. There, |
| however, appeared to be a disposition to take '
pofits In the Vanderbilt and Granger shares,
| which caused recessions from the early high
I prices for these securities and a number of
j specialties and low priced shares came to the
I front. The Industrials, top, once more became
I active and exhibited the influence of specula
! tive support and buying. These tendencies as-
J serted themselves more significantly ln Thurs
-1 day's trading, the tone of the market on that !
I day being strong in th" main, but were irreg- :
ular in different parts of the list and more of
a disposition to pay attention to the firmness
of call money and the failure of rates to relax
immediately. On Friday the tone was gener
i ally firm and was not affected by oiflcial de
nials of exaggerated reports about the vander
bilt-Pennsylvania alliance. The junior Van
derbilt stocks were strong features and ad
vances were also recorded in most of the Gould
properties. ■
BRADSTREET'S ON TRADE CONDITIONS.
NEW YORK, July 7. — Bradstreet's to-morrow I
will say: Holiday observances and semi-annual
stock taking have worked toward quiet in gen
eral trade and industry, but it is significant of
the favorable conditions ruling in this as com
pared with previous years that trade advices
point to rather more than the average business
being done, notwithstanding the checks to de
mand shipments above 'mentioned. Additional
results of the season's work brought to light
are fully as favorable as those ln Bradstreet's
review last week, and furnish an adequate
basis for the general air of confidence with
which the business world faces the latter half
of the year. Bank clearing returns fully bear
out estimates given last week, pointing to un
precedented totals and enormous gains for the
six months' period over preceding years, while
Bradstreet's report as to prices points to a |
steady strengthening of quotations of staples I
and exceptionally tew decreases in prices reg- i
istered ln June. All indications favor a total
export trade little below that of last year's
.phenomenal total, what little falling off there
has been Shown being due to reduced European
takings of American food products.
Preliminary reports as to railroad gross earn- ,
ings indicate exceptionally good showings for
the month and the half-yearly period, the
gains, ln fact, being the heaviest reported this
year.
Distributive business, on seasonable account
is naturally on a small scale, but orders for fall
delivery are reported particularly liberal and
making favorable comparisons with last year.
In the Iron trade the strength of prices and
demand is still the most notable feature, fur
ther advances in pigiron being notable this | (
week and delays growing out of inadequate
supplies are becoming increasingly numerous.
Another strong situation Is found in the
woolen trade. Prices of better grades have been
advanced this week, on active demand from, i
dealers and manufacturers in sympathy with ,
the advance at London. The manufactured
product is strong and the new season opens ,
well. ,
Cotton has strengthened quite considerably,
owing to very heavy rains culminating ln dis
astrous floods In Texas.
Th» wheat market has moved within a. narrow
range this week, weather conditions furnish
[ Ing the basis for most of the changes shown,
the closing of the week witnessing considerable
firmness on short covering, due to less satis
factory crop reports from the Northwest,
which are.- however, not confirmed by continued
heavy receipts at primary markets, by the
rather better than expected out-turn of winter
wheat and by the confident reports as to trade
received from the Northwest.
Among the industries which report a more
cheerful outlook than for some time past Is
that of anthracite coal, which was advanced
25c a ton July 1.
Rather more strength is noted ln lumber, and
the same is true of leather, partlculrly calf
skins, for which it Is understood the Govern
ment is In the market for considerable quan
tities. Stigar has sympathized with tendencies
of foreign markets, in which, speculative activ
ity has figured conspicuously. The extension
of the guarantee period on refined grades gives
color to earlier reports that competition will
not be especially bitter during the coming sea
son.
Wheat, Including flour, " shipments for the
week aggregate 3.758,972 bushels, against 3,268,
--998 last. week,. 2.728,642 In the corresponding
week of 1898. 2.502.606 bushels ln 1897, 2,167,076
in 1896 and 2.317.-37 In 1896.
Business failures for the week number 136 as
against 158 last week. 241 In this week a year
ago, 213 In 1897. 219 in 1896 and 266 in 1895. "
Business failures in Canada number 25 as
compared with 23 last week. 16 In this week a
year ago. 34 in 1837. 39 in 1896 and 30 in 1805.
DUN'S WEEKLY REVIEW.
" NEW YORK. July 7.— R. G. Dun' & Co.'s .
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow: !
Failures for the flr*t half of 1899, with bank- j
ing and financial Included, as In all accounts
I published, were 4484, with liabilities, $43,664,601. j
THE .SA_Sf FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
! Commercial failures were 4853, with liabilities
of 842,062.933, of which 816,728,353 were manu- :
facturing, 823,011,364 were trading. On the sec
ond quarter failures were the smallest ever
reported in that quarter for the twenty-five |
years for which quarterly reports have been
made by this agency. The average per fail
ure. $7165, is the smallest ever known in any '
. quarter: th" average per firm in business.
j $12 20. and the ratio of defaulter liabilities to '
| solvent exchanges, sixty-two cents per $1000, I
are the smallest ever known in any quarter, j
In ten Of the fourteen branches of manufac- ■
j turing failures were smaller than in the same j
' quarter of four of the previous five years.
i The larger failures for $100,000 or more, were :
1 i nly two in trading, for $224,088, less than a
: tenth of the smallest previous .ve-*,r, and only I
fifteen in all, for $2,417,180. from a fifth to a i
[ tenth of previous years. The decrease on the
: small failures is worth special study. |
Wheat declined three-eighths of a cent, ex- |
ports being but 2,250.021 bushels for the week,
, flour included, against 2,643,130 last year for
i both coasts, although Western receipts were '
3,861.523 bushels aeainst 618.492 last year. If \
the farmers actually carried over 68.000,000
bushels or mere a year ago, after $1 25(§2 per \
I bushel had been paid at Chicago for some i
: months, as one '.arming journal estimates, I
I they need the education • which they are get- |
| ting, but the claim still entirely falls to ac
count for their liberal selling this year at
I lower prices. Contradictory guesses and hopes
continue, but this year is very hard on pre
dictions.
Scarcity and high prices of Iron and its ;
products can no longer be reckoned evidence
of good times. In the Shenago Valley six fur- ;
. naces have been stopped by a strike for 20
■ per cent more wages, and minor strikes are ■.
I reported at various iron works, the tin plate'
I strike being yet unsettled. New orders re- j
ported continue larger, being evidently report
ed week after week at different cities because |
not taken, but the new orders accumulated do i
not equal the output of the works. Predic
tions of great scarcity of pigiron have lifted j
the prices still further to 91.2 per cent of the i
; average in January, 1887, but several more i
j furnaces ate going into operation and the I
i Illinois Steel Co. has contracted for. others I
of the largest capacity.
Failures for the week have been' 119 in the |
; I'nited States against 229 last year and 20 in |
: Canada against. 17 last year.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Receipts, 24,
--: 398 barrels; exports, 2451 barrels. Market quiet
and easy.
WHEAT— Receipts. 227,950 bushels: exports,
i 7995 bushels. Options opened weak and de
, clined most of the session under more favorable
' spring wheat prospects and lower English ca
bles. Scattering holdings of long wheat came
' out and foreign houses sold. Export trade
j proved liberal in the arternoon and finally ral
; lied, the market closing firm at ' L .u*.c net de
| cline. Spot market steady. No. 2 red, 80*4 cf.
o. b. afloat; No. -' red. 79% c elevator; No. 1
: Northern Duluth, 81"£c t. o. b. afloat to arrive;
! No. 1 hard Duluth. _5%c f .o. b. afloat to ar
rive; July, 78%@79V_C, closed 79%; September,
78%@78%c closed 78% c: "December, $o%_.Bo'ic,
closed -o%c.
HOPS— Quiet and firm.
HlDES— Steady.
, WOOL— Steady.
METALS— The leading feature of interest in
: to-day's metal market was a further marked i
advance In tin. brought out by strong English
'■ cables, favorable news trom primary points and
: active from consumers, the latter both for
home and for the foreign account. Copper
showed pronounced strength, but no material
change In quotations. At the close the Metal
Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants nominal at $13 50.
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $18 bid and
$18 '60 asked.
TlN— Higher and unsettled, with $28 bid and
$2« 50 asked.
LEAD— Unchanged, with $4 50 hid and $4 55
asked. The brokers' price for lead Is $4 30 I
. and for copper $18 50.
SPELTER— Firmer, with' $6 hid and $6 23 !
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady. Sales. 11,500
bags, including: August. $4 75; September. $4 85; i
October, $4 90: November, $4 95; December, :
$5 25; January. $5 35; February, $5 40; March. !
$." 45. Spot coffee— dull; mild dull but j
t steady
| GAR- Raw. steady to firm. Refined firm, j
BlTTEß— Receipts. 5211 packages. Firm.
Western creamery. 15(f?18%c: factory. 12©14% c. I
EGGS— Receipts, $467 packages. Market barely
I steady Western, 14*4@1__; Southern, 9glle.
j CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
j NEW YORK. July California dried fruits
i quiet and steady.
| EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. 6%<f_7c;
prime wire tray, 8%@8%c; choice, S%<IJS%c;
fancy, 9@9%c.
i PRUNES— 3%@B%c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. lie: Moorpark. 145315..
PEACHES— Unpeeled, lO@Hc. .
CHICAGO WHEAT MARKET.
CHICAGO. July 7.— September wheat opened
%c below yesterday's closing price, influenced j
-,' the start largely by improved weather con- !
ditions. Foreign markets were weak and lower
and domestic receipts were too heavy for de- |
mand. The total primary market receipts were j
838,000 bushels, against 5 87,080 the year be
fore, and London cabled that the supply there i
was in excess of demand. Argentine ship- j
ments for the week were 1,216,000 bushels, I
against 1,008,000 the week privious, while local j
receipts were 71 cars, against '-■', a year ago,
and Northwestern receipts footed up 424, com
pared with 43 last year. All this was meat fOr
the bears and September went as low as 73V»c.
Bradstreet's report of 1,700,000 bushels decrease,
in the world's visible and Duluth's estimate of .
April increase in. stocks there for the week of j
750.000 helped the market a trifle, but the pres- i
sure of immediate supplies was -more effective
upon speculative sentiment than a prospective j
scarcity, and September wound up with 73% c ■
bid. against 74' 4 c yesterday. .
Corn was dull and easy. September closed,
with a loss of %c. It followed wheat In the j
main.
Oats opened unchanged, but soon declined In '
(sympathy with wheat and corn. There was a j
good demand from shippers and the market |
rallied, closing at the highest, with a gain I
of Sac.
Provisions were steady after opening a shade .
lower than yesterday's close. Hog receipts '
continued heavy, but the excellent demand for
spot goods prevented short selling and main
tained prices. Pork and ribs closed unchanged.
Lard gained 2%c.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July 72% 72' 4 71% 72%
September 7.'i'« 73% 73M, 73%
December 75% 75% 75 75%
Corn No. 2—
July .... 33% 33% 33* 33%
September 33% 33% 33% 33%
December. 33 33 32% 33
Oats No. 2— - /;---:
July 234 23% 23% 23% ;
September 20% 20% 20% 20% '
May....". 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July 8 35
September 850 855 850 855 j
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 5 07% 5 07% 5 07% 6 07% '
September 530 5 22% 520 5 22%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— 'v: -.-?.
July .... 4 82%
September .: 490 4 92% 4 87% 4 .2%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, quiet; No. 3 spring wheat. 71%8'71%c;
No 2 red. 72V_iffi74c: No. 2 corn, 33%; No. 2 oats.
24%(&25e; No. 2 white. 28c; No. 3 white. 25%.*
27% c; No. 2 rye. 60c: No. 1 flax seed, $1 01%;
prime timothy seed, $2 10(g2 25: mess pork, per
barrel. $8 30(58 35: lard, per 100 pounds. $4 9_J*
5 07%; short ribs sides (loose). $4 f^,fil 90; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), sV4*ffs%c: short clear
sides (boxed). 5%@5%c; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26; sugars, cut loaf,
$•". 02; granulated, $5 64. . . ' *
Articles — , Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels , 19,863 28.024 [
Wheat, bushels 192,650- 2.470
Corn, bushels- 1,016.500 052.157;
Oats, bushels 497,899 118,847.
Rye. bushels 8.300 427 |
Parley, bushels 12.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was weak. Creameries. 13%@18c; Dai- ;
ries. 11(_15%c. Cheese, steady,- 8%(59c. Eggs, I
fresh, 12% c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— "'"'-. July. Sept. Dee. I
Opening 5 ft 5 11% 8 0%
Closing 5 8% 6 11 6 0%!
PARIS FUTURES. .
heat— July. Sept.-Dee
Opening .: 20 50 2105
Closing .* 2*) 40 20 90
Flour-
Opening 44 30 28 7'»
Closing 44 35 28 75
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Special telegraphic dis
patches to Bradstreet's indicate the fololwlng
changes in the available supply;
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky- Mountains, Increase, 1,794,000 bushels;
afloat for and ln Europe, decrease, 3,500,000
bushels; total supply, decrease, 1,706,000 bush- I
els.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the :
Rocky Mountains, increase, 2.016.000 bushels.
Oats— United States and Canada, east of the !
Rocky Mountains, decrease. 567.000 bushels.
The aggregate stock of wheat held at Port
land. Or., end at Tacoma and Seattle. Wash.,
decreased 24,000 bushels last week.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK. July 7.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sales of California fruit: Imperial
Peaches, average $2 20 box: St. John, avprasre
$1 70; French Apricots, average. $1 35; Tragedy
Prunes. $1 06©3 55. average $1 32; Burbanks. 85c
@$1 35, average $1 20; Peach Plums, Soc_.«i 45
average, $1 39; Ogon Plums. $1 K,r„\ 25, average
$1 22; Hale's Early Peaches. 8r, C 'i/$l IJ. average
$105: Satsuma Plums, $1: Moorpark Apricots!
$1. Fourteen cars sold.
CHICAGO. July The Earl Fruit Company '
California fruit sales: Bartlett Pears, average i
}" 25: Tragedy Prunes, $ltfTl 20, average $1 12 j
half crate; Peach Plums. $1. average $1 25; j
Royal Hetlve. 85c. Five cars sold.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, July 7.— The cattle market was
I'a little lower to-day, prices dropping s*f 10c
j per 100 pounds. An unusually large number
lof cattle for Friday was received. . . '(utv
Hogs ruled about Be lower. Light hogs.
$3 So@4; mixed lots. $3 75«?3 86: heavy, $3 65(5;
8 97%; pigs, $3 50533 90; culls and rough lots,
$1 -Offz 3 70. .
The sheep trade was fairly active to-day
j with prices unchanged. Receipts consisted
| largely of spring lambs. Inferior to prime
flocks, S3 75*§6 9.; yearlings, $5*56 25; for sheep,
- the ruling price was $2@5, with occasional
sales at $5 25.
Receipts— 5000; hogs, 31,708; sheep, 12,
--| 000. . . •
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. July 7.— Consols. 107%: silver.
' 27% d; French rentes, 101f 25c; wheat cargoes off
coast, less offering; cargoes on passage, quieter,
; hardly any demand; English country markets.
steady. ".-.-:
LIVERPOOL, July 7.— Wheat, dull: No. 1
standard California." 6s 2'-,d: wheat in Paris,
1 dull; flour in Paris, firm; French country mar
kets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 11-32 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— American mixed spot, old, steady. 3s
st_d. Futures— Steady: July, 3s 4%d; Septem
j ber, 3s 4 d; October, 3s _%d.
' -WHEAT— Futures Dull; July. Es B%d: Sep
tember. ,",s 1 Id : December, 6s %d; No: 1 red
i Northern Duluth, 6s 6%d.
Receipts of wheat during the past three days
327.000 centals, including 128.000 American.
Receipts of American corn during the past
three days 264,400 centals.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, July 7.— The wool auction sales
were continued with the usual good attend
; ance. Competition was very spirited from all
directions. A sood selection of merinos was
I taken by France and Germany. Yorkshire buy
: ers are anxiously securing the best lambs,
i which are in strong demand. A good selection
of crossbreds, lamely lower grade, met with a
j barter demand. The American buyers pur
chased medium good greasy crossbreds. The
; number of .bales offered was 14,097.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. July 7.— Clearings, $408,699;
balances, $144.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. July 7.— Walla Walla wheat
was in fair demand to-day at 58c, with half
a cent more paid for at least one time. Val
ley sold at 60c. with some dealers having a
limit at 59c. Bluestem was nominally 61@62c.
Cleared— British ship Saomene, for Queens
town. with 103,346 bushels wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. July Wheat remains the same
as yesterday. Club, 5Sc; bluestem, 60c.
LOCAL .MARKETS.
___
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 10
i New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
i Mexican Dollars — 60@50%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Liverpool was weak and Chicago
declined a cent. Foreign cables lacked snap.
The demand was good and receipts showed a
falling off. Argentine shipments were 1,100,000
bushels. The Government report was expected
- to show the same supply as last month, but
Bradstreet's showed a decrease of 1,700,000 bush
! els. There were 63 loads of Wheat and 74 of
Corn taken for export at Chicago.
The local spot market was unchanged, but
1 futures were lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, tl OS%®l 10; milling,
$1 12%@1 15. ".-.-. ■.-■.-■-'ov
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session 9:15 o'clock— December— 6ooo
ctls. 17%: 18,000, ?! 17%. .:-
Second Session— December— ctls, $1 17%;
.10.000, $1 18; 10,000, $1 18%; 8000, $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session December— 2000 ctls,
$1 18%; 12.000, $1 18%; 2000, fl 18%.
Afternoon Session — December — 10,000 ctls,
: $1 18%.
BARLEY— The shippers paid $1 for new feed
; for export. New brewing sold at $1 07%. New
feed for local use was quoted at 95®97>_c. The
i market was firm, with an advance on call.
Feed. new. >-...'': brewing. Jl 02%@1 07%;
old brewing, $1 05©1 10 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session -9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 4ooo ctls. 91 %c.
Regular Morning Session— December -2000 i s.
I 91% c; 14.000, 91% c: 2000, 91% c; 2000, »2c; 2000,
92% - 2000, 9'%c; 2000, 92% c. Seller '99, new—
2000, 88% c: 2000, 89c; son,, 89% c; 14.000. 89% c.
Afternoon Session — December— 4ooo ctls, 92% c;
2000 92% c; 2000, 92% c; 2000, 93c; 6000, 93*^,c; 2000,
93%' c. Seller '99, new— 2000, 89% c; 10,000, 90% c;
2000, 90% c: 2000, 90% c; 4000, 90% c
OATS- Previous prices rule, with a dull mar
ket. Quoted at $1 l"*.! 20 for new red and $1 35-&
150 for old. - - • : '.: .'■'.
CORN -There is nothing going on to change
prices, one way or the other.
Small round Yellow, Jl 301? 1 35: Eastern large
Yellow. $1 10®1 12%: White. $1 10®1 15: mixed,
! $1 10 per ctl: California White, fl 17»_@1 22%.
RYE— 97%c@sl per ctl for old. New is nomi
nal. _ . ■ ;'■ ■-■•■.■■■
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
—
FLOUR California family extras. $3 60*53 75,
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 40@3 55; Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 50 per bbl for extra.
$3 25®3 40 for bakers' and $2 25®3 for superfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, S3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
1 Meal. *2 50; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50®4 75;
Oat Groats. $4 75; Hominy, $3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour. (494 26; Cracked' Wheat, $3 75:
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 55 >:■:>:. ; in sacks, $6 35®6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
$5 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
All kinds remain as before. Offerings of Bran
are larger. Hay Is dull, in spite of light re
ceipts, and there is no tendency either up or
down.
BRAN— 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 50®19 SO per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— BoiIed Barley. $20*321 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27® jobbing,
$28 50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $20®21: Cornmeal,
$23 50®24 50; Cracked Corn, $2417 25; Mixed Feed,
$15®16; Cottonseed M^al. $24*826 per ton. *«■*..-.
OLD HAY— Wheat,- fSffill; Wheat and Oat,
fS@9 60; Oat. _%*: Alfalfa. $6®7 50 per ton.
NEW HAY— Wheat, 009 60 for good and $10
for choice; Wheat 'and Oat, fß®9; Oat, $7@S 50;
Barley, $5®7: Alfalfa. $6®7 per ton.
STRAW— 2O®4Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans rule firm, with Increasing demand.
- BEANS— Bayos. $! 75-51 SO; Small White, %_&
2 15; Large White, $1 60®! 75; Pinks, fl 80®2;
Reds, $4® 4 2"; Blacteye. f4®4 25: Butters, nom
inal; Llmas. f3 90®3 95; Pea, fl 90*32 15; Red
Kidneys. $2 60 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%iJ3c; Flax, nominal; Canary Seed,
2\r. per Ib: ' Alfalfa. i.«9%c: Rape, 3<3'3%c;
Hemp. 4%®4%c: Timothy. 4%®5%c.
DRIED PEAS— fl 25®1 50; Green, fl 50
®2 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes sold higher again. Onions were not
materially changed.
Vegetables continued in free supply and weak
as a rule.
POTATOES— 11 Ss®"2 In • boxes and
fl 65®l 80 In sacks; Early Rose. $1 65®1 80;
Burbanks. $1 Ss®2 20 in boxes and fl Ss®2 In
sacks on the wharf. : .'.'
ONIONS— New. . 15036- per sack for red and
75® 85c per ctl for Sllverskins. .;-.'
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, 60c®$l 50 per box
for ordinary and fl 75*32 for fancy; Rhubarb,
_"■'<;• '■ ■• per box: Green Peas, 2®2%c per lb;
String Beans. 3®4e; Cabbage, 60e; Tomatoes.
J6®6oc per box; Rivers, $1 751.2: Stockton, 75®
Ssc; Egg Plant, s®6c per lb; Green Okra, $1®
1 60 per box; Garlic, 2®3c; Green Peppers, 4@6c
for Chile and 6@loc for Bell: Carrots, 30®40c
per sack: Sacramento and Marysville Cucum
bers. 12%® 25c per box: Bay Cucumbers, 30®_.Oc:
Summer Squash. 50c for Bay; Green Corn. SOcQ
$1 25 per sack for Vacaville and fl 50®. 75 per
crate for Bay.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of -Eastern sold nt 12%**?14c for Turkeys.
IS 50 for Ducks, $1 for Geese. $7@7 50 for Hens,
f6 25 for old Roosters and $4 for Broilers.
Local stock was not materially changed,
though several kinds brought a small advance.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 11® 13c for Gob
blers and ll®l3c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
JTSI 25; Goslings. fl@l 25: Ducks. $3 50(3-4 for
old and $4@5 for young; liens. $4 5006 50;
young Roosters. $6®7 50: old Roosters, $51/' 25;
Fryers, (4® 5; Broilers, S4 for large, f3®3 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and
: $1 ."•>'■■ 2 for Squabs.
GAME— Nominal. •
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter is steady at the recent advance, but
It Is reported that several cars have started
from the East. Eggs are higher again and the
market is slow.y cleaning up. There is no
change In Cheese. :.-.* .'-.\. v. :>•>., •
BUTTER— ■■ - : :\"- --I-".::'.
" Creamery — Fancy Creamery, 20c; seconds,
18018 '
Dairy-Fancy, 17®17%e; good to choice, 16®'
16% c; store, 14'd*15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 8c: old, 7%c;
Youne America: S%fi9c: Eastern. _3®lsc.
BOGS— at 14%®/16%c for store and 17'
®19c per dozen for ranch: Eastern, 16%- for
No. 1 and 14®1.-,c for seconds. :-,S; '-
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The canners are paying the following prices:
Peaches. $20 for frees and ISO for clings; Apri
cots, $35(§50 per ton, according to size and qual
ity and district; Bartlett Pears. f40@50 per ton;
Green and Yellow- Plums. 120(525 per ton.
The market is still full of Peaches and Plums.
The latter are bringing fine prices In the East,
but all ripe stock' has to come here, which ac
counts for the heavy stocks. Grapes are quiet.
Berries are slow and In ample supply. Arrivals
of Melons are small as yet. White Nectarines
came in and were quoted at 75c per box.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
•Apples, 33c@$l per large box: ("rahapples, 40
@50c per small and 75c(f $1 per large, box.
BERRlES— Blackberries. S.TS3 50 per chestj
Strawberries. $3(g5 per chest for small and $2 25
@3 50 for large berries; Raspberries, $41/5 per
chest; Logan berries, $5@S per chest.
Cantaloupes. $I*Sl 50 per box and $5 per crate;
Nutmegs. 75c per box and per crate..
Grapes from Yuma, $1 per crate; from Vaca
vllle. $1 per box.
Currants, $31*75 per chest.
cherries. 65c'S$l per box for all kinds. *
Green Pears, 50cig$l per box, according to
size; Bartletts. $I*sl 50 per box.
Figs, 25@40c for single and 75c (?751 25 per box
for double layers of black and 25®35c for white.
Apricots, 50*5850 per box.
Peaches. 25060 c per box and 20@80c per bas
ket: ("rawfords, 60ff_65c per box.
Plums, 25(_'-5c per box; Prunes, 25©50 c per
crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, nominal:
Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; Mediterranean Sweets, $11?
2 50; Valencia., $lig3 60; Lemons. $11.1 50 for
common and 521/2 50 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes. $1; California Limes, 25©50 c per small
box; Bananas. $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples,
$I'§ 250 per dozen. ".:.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS AND RAISINS.
The market for new crop fruits rules firm at
the high opening prices. There is some nibbling
at new Prunes, but no definite quotations have
vet been named. Honey is steady, but not very |
brisk.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 6%c for 40-50's, 5c
for 50-60's, 4c - for 60-70's. 3%@3%c for 70-80*8,
'.%C(J3V*c for 80-90's. 2%(&2%c for 90-100's and
2@2'i for 100-110' s; Plums, nominal, l%c for
unpitted and 4%fg-6c for pitted.
DRIED FRUITS (New Crop)— Apricots, 9%@ :
10c; Peaches, 7(gSc; Evaporated Apples, 10c.
RAISINS— 3%c for two-crown, 4%c for three- !
i crown, 5%c for four-crown, 4%(56c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20 j
for London layers; Dried Grapes, 2%<53c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per lb: Walnuts, s<f_Bc !
for hardshell, ldrallc "for softshell; Chile Wal
nuts Il@12c: Almonds. B'S9c for hardshell. 12® '
13c for softshell, 14©16 c for paper-shell; Pea- \
nuts. 6<g-7c for Eastern and 441*5 c for Cali- j
fornia: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— ll@l2c for bright and lOlfllc ;
for light amber; water white extracted 6"-'"'*: j
7c; light amber extracted, 6%®6%c; dark, 59 j
5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 2S«_27c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
Hams are firm at the advance: Otherwise the
market shows no change.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Sc per tb for heavy,
B%@9c for light medium. 10%@llc for light, 12c.
for extra light and 12%Cg13c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12@13c: Califor
nia Hams ll'-(fil2c; Mess Beef. $13 per bbl;
extra Mess Reef, $14; Family Reef. $151*1", 50;
extra Prime Pork. $12 60; extra clear, $16 50;
mess, Sisals 50; Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD TierCes quoted at 5%5?5%c per tb for
compound and 6%*37 c for pure: half barrels,
pure. 7%c; 10-lb tins, 7%®Bc: 5-lb tins, S's'S%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 6%®6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs. 1-Ib palls, 60 in a case. 9%c;
3-tb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-tb palls. 12 in a
case, B%c; 10-11-> pails, 6 in a case, B%c ; 50-tb
tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7%c: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c; fancy tubs, 80 tbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW*, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are quoted quiet at about the same
prices. Wool rules firm, with an active de
mand. Hops are firmly held and growers an'
disinclined to meet the bids of buyers— l2® 12% c
per lb.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10%c; medium, 9@9%c; light, 9c:
Cowhides. 9c: Stags. 6c: Salted Kip, 9c: Calf,
10c; dry Hides, sound, 16c; culls and brands,
13c; dry Kip and Veal, 16c: dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20(&25c each; short
Wool, 35@50c each; medium. 60@75c; long Wool, •
90c@$i 25 each: Hoese Hides, salt, $2*32 50 for
large and $1 for small: Colts. 50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4@4%c per lb; No. [
2, ;';"'-.>■, refined. ; grease, 2c.
WOOL — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months, Mzllc: Foothill and North- |
crn free. Hi?. 14c; Foothill and Northern defect- i
ive. *.••■/ lie; Nevada, ll®14c; San Joaquin Foot- j
hill free, I0@12c; do defective, Bfa9c; Humboldt !
and Mendocino, 16@17%c; Eastern Oregon. 12® j
14c for choice and 9'511%c for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop, 13@17%c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 5%c; Wool Bags.
26@28c; San Quentln Bags. $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton: New Welling- j
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6; !
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5; "Wallsend, $7 50; |
Scotch $8; Cumberland, $8 50 in bulk and $9 50 i
In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle .
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks. • / • *v*
Harrison's circular says: During the week
there have been the following arrivals of coal,
viz.: Three from Washington. 7565 tons; one
from British Columbia, 2350 tons; one from Ore
gon, 500 tons: total. 10,415 tons. The deliveries
this week are exceptionally light, aggregating
less than three days" actual consumption. An
other week's arrivals similar to this would
cause a material shrinkage of stocks in yard, j
as they would be generously drawn from. Al- j
most all the transportation of our northern coal
for the past month and for some few months to
come will be done by steamers, as about all our ,
locally owned sailing vessels have been ordered
off coast with lumber, etc. Prices are steady, j
being a lltie firmer if anything. The market is |
absolutely In the hands of the northern collier- ]
ies, as the total amount of • foreign coal which i
can possibly arrive here during this month
dees not exceed 10,000 tons, being less than Is I
burnt up here in three days. There seems no
limit to the fuel orders for Honolulu, as there
are large buyers now in the market for Aus
tralian and British Columbia products at full
figures. Local consumption there has materially
Increased, but the principal orders are for the
requirements of the transports. At this time
last year there were forty-eight vessels loading j
coal in Australia for San Francisco— now there
are only thirty, but there are four more vessels j
loading now in Swansea than in July. 1898." ■
RlCE— China mixed, $3 70@3 75; China No. 1.
$4 50154 90; extra do. $5*55 35; Hawaiian, $6;
Japan. $4 12%@4 75: Ixrulslana,' $5&6- -,'_>::. *_.-.■
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com- I
pany quotes,, terms net cash, in 100- tb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c;
Powdered. 5%c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated. 5V;c; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Cali
fornia A, sc; Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra C, 4%c.
Golden C, 4%c: barrels; l-16c more; half-barrels,
%c more; boxes, %c more, 50-lb. bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. ..--'*.''
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The light arrivals of Hogs have compelled
some buyers to pay a small advance. Other
wise the market is unchanged.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%(_.SV4C per lb for Steers and 6%(§;7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7(!_'9c per. lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c: Ewes. 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 7%_:Bc per lb,'
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%@5%c for small. . 5% i
.-,■«, for medium and 5**?3%0 for large: Block
Hogs and Feeders. sc; dressed Hogs, 7®B%c.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. July 7.
Flour, qr sks 33,936 [Sugar, sks 420
Wheat, ctls ...... 65.000 Sugar, bbls 4.110
Barley, ctls 6.850 Quicksilver., flks. 90 '
Oats, ctls 1,030 Pelts, bdls 8.616
Corn, ctls 90 Hides, No ...... 1,215 ;
Cheese, ctls 151 leather, r0115.... 68 !
Butter, ctls ...... 214 Wine, gals 23,700
Potatoes, sks .... 2.018 Wool, bags .".' 210
Onions, sks 280 Straw, tons 9
Bran, sks .* 1,780 Hay. tons 378
Middlings, sks .. . 513 Eggs, doz 13,590
Shorts, sks * Oregon.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.302 Bran, sks 585
Oats, ctls ... 7801
Family Retail Market. f
Dairy products remain unchanged from last I
week. .
Meats and Poultry stand about the same.
The assortment of Fruits Is growing more
varied as the season advances and prices for
some kinds are lower. The summer Vegetables ,
are also making more show at cheaper prices. ,
Some kinds of Fish are higher. .
Following is The Call's regular weekly price ,
list: --.'"<
Coal." Der ton— ,
Cannel t @12 00 1 Castle Gate.. s9 60® ,
Wellington - 010 00 j Southfleld
New Welling- i Wellington — ® 960 ,
ton ®10 -OlCooe Bay — -© 7 00
Seattle 8 00® 1 ,
Dairy Produce, etc.— \ ' v \>\ t
Butter, fancy, per * (Common- Eggs..l7',_@2o ■
square 45®— i Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 40®— | dozen 20®25
Do, good 35®—; Honey Comb, per
Cheese.- Cal 10012 Ib 12@15
Cheese, Eastern.. 17020 Do, extracted....—
Cheese. 5wi55..... 200251 . •
Meats, per lb— .
Bacon 12®17 Pork, fresh 15017 ,
Beef, choice .IS .20 Pork, salt .12015
Do. good.. 10015 Pork Chops 1501$ .
Corned Beef —010 Round Steak 12*A@—
Ham, Cal ...12*4®15 Sirloin Steak 15®— ,
Do. Eastern 15017 I Porterhouse, d0... 20®25
Lard 10®15 Smoked Beef 12®15
Mutton" 10015 I Pork Sausages.. l2V.o2O
Lamb 12®15!Veal _2®15
Poultry and Game — .-•-.'-:
Hens, each 50®65 (Turkeys, per tb.. .15020
Young Roosters, Ducks, each 50*365
each ......75055J Geese, each... sl 0001 -
Old Roosters, Pigeons, pair ..50060
each ..; 7.. (Rabbits, pair —040
Fryers, each 50060 | Hare, each 15@20
Broilers, each 35040 I '
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, tb 15020 Lemons, doz 15020
Apples .-. 4® 6 Limes, '.doz lO'd-l. ,
Crabapple, 6® 8 Oranges, doz 15®3U !
Apricots, per 1b... 5010 Pears, per tb \'n 5 ■'
Bananas, doz — ..20®25 Peaches, per 1b... 4® 6 '
Blackberries, per Plums, per tb 4*s 5
drawer 25030 Raisins, tb 5t0,1u
Cherries, per ib... 10020 Raspberries, per > !
Currants, per bx.. 40060 drawer 25035 '
Cantaloupes. ' ech.25040 Strawberries, per
Nutmeg Melons... — drawer 20(TJC- i
Figs, per tb....... 8015. Walnuts, lb 12<8_5
Grapes, per lb 10015
Vegetables— " : f- y
Artichokes, d0z... 20050 (Green Peas, 1b.... 4® 5
Asparagus 5012 Lentils, Ib .....60 8
Beets, doz 12015 ' Lettuce, d0_.......15@— 1
j Beans, white, lb.. 4*3 5 Onions, lb iff 3
I Colored, Ib 4*3 5 Peppers, green. IblOffflS
I Lima, Ib 6(3— I potatoes, lb.. • 3,i 5
Cabbage, each.... 5*5 10 I Parsnips, doz 15@—
Cauliflowers, each srSlo 1 Rhubarb, per lb.. 4*3 6
Celery, bunch s@— Radishes, dz bchs.loi«-fl2
Cucumbers, per Sage, dr bchs 2 r >' f '3s
! dozen 15*330 String Beans, lb.. 4® 6
Cress doz bnchs.. 2o*7 25 Summer Squash. lb (U 5
Egg Plant, per tb.lo®l2 Thyme, tb... 20®30
Green Corn, per Turnips, do. 10W15
dozen 10®30 Tomatoes, tb B<gl2
Green Okra, pr tb.l2®ls>
Fish, per lb- '
Barracuda 15<gi— Shad .12(_"l."i
Carp 10@— Striped Bass 20®—
Codfish 12615 Smelts — <a_
Flounders 10012 Soles — ©IS
Halibut 15ig2i) Skates, each lOig —
Kingtish —fi— Tomcod 12*315
Mackerel — fj — Clams, gal 50@ —
Do, Horse —fa— Do. hardshell. 100. 40*350
Perch I?®— (Crabs, each 10(315
Pompano $1 50®— softshell. 25*3:35
Rockfish 1.",*. 20 Mussels, qt 10612
Salmon, smoked.. awn"— [Oysters, Cal, 100.. 40660
Salmon, fresh 15@20,D0, Eastern, d0z..25@40
Shrimps 84*10!
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks stood about the same yester
day. Trading was light all day.
The Executive Committee of the Comstock
Pumping Association met yesterday to consider
contracts to supply the Comstock mines with
cheap electric, power and to levy an assessment :
of 124 per cent on the mining companies. This j
assessment Is part of the pro rata for drain- !
age expenses. 62',i per cent of which has now j
been paid. Two propositions for supplying the i
mines with electrical power were received, one
from the Truckee River General Electric Com
pany and the. other from parties represented by
• Leon M. Hall. It was resolved that Charles
Hlrschfeld. president of the pumping associa
tion, should appoint a committee to consider
these propositions as well •as the whole ,
question of cheap power. The committee ]
named by President Hirschfeld consists, besides I
himself, of C. H. Fish. H. Zadig, C. L. McCoy. '.
W. G. Morrow, G. McM. Ross and C. B. \
Deutsche. The committee will meet next Mon- |
day.
The telegram from the pump said: "No. 1 ele- !
vator has been working continuously. The l
water is 190 feet 5 Inches" below the 1750-foot
level, having risen 1 foot 3 Inches In the last
twenty-four hours. The rise of the water Is
undoubtedly due to the rush of dammed-up
water from the 1960-foot level."
Mining dividends paid in June were as fol
lows:
Argonaut $ 20,000
Bonanza Development 1,050.000
Boston and California 36,000 I
Breece 10.000
Bullion-Beck-Champion 10,000
Calument _.- Hecla 2,000,000
Centennial-Euieka .*. 15.000
Central Dead 5.000-
Charleston, S. C 20,000
Doe Run 2,500
Empire State 20,000
Gold Coin 10.000
Golden Cycle 10.000
Grand Central 37.500
Gwin 5.000
Helena and Frisco 125.000
Highland -'.. 2". ">
Ho -stake 62,500
Isabella 45.000
Mead 20.000
Modoc . 10,000
Morning Star .: 6.000
N. Y. and Honduras R'-sario 15,000
Osceola 279,000
Pennsylvania 10.300
Portland '. 60,000
Republic 31,500
St. Joseph Lead 37.506
Silver King 60,000
Smuggler 10,008
South Swansea 7,500
Strong 25,000
Swansea - 5,000
Tamarack 240,000
"War Eagle 26,250
. -
Total .'. $4,336,550
The Grass Valley Exploration Company has i
declared a dividend of 25 cents per share, pay- '
able July 20. -." ••■; " :
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Rodie. j
for the week ending July 1. the regular devel- j
opment work was done on the several levels. ,
Raise 4, in the Boyle vein, 150 level, had 12
Inches fair ore in the top. Raise 2, East vein, !
same level, had <> inches fair ore. Raise 4.
Security vein, -318 level, was in pay ore. The j
east crosscut In the Black vein, same level, j
had passed through a 10-inch streak of low
grade ore. Good ore was showing in raise '
5, No. 10 vein. 380 level. Raise 2. Fortuna '
vein. 582 level, had a 6-inch streak in the top.
value not stated. In the stopes, 14 inches of
fair ore was showing in No. 9 stope from raise !
4. Moyle vein, 150 level. In No. 6 south stone,
from raise 2. in the* New vein, 31S level, there
was 48 Inches of pay ore. No. 9 north stope,
from raise 3, same vein and level, had from 14
to 16 inches of fair ore. North and south \
Stopes No.' 1. from winze 2. Maguire vein, 528
.level, had 5 inches pay ore. In the Fortuna I
vein, 582 level, the stopes from raise 1 had
10 Inches good ore. The other stupes were
yielding fair ore.
At the mill 273% tons or ore were crushed for '
the week. Average value vanner tailings.
$10 60. Concentrates produced. I>_ tons; assay i
value, $233 05. Amalgam produced. 1615 troy I
ounces: value per ounce. $2 33. Tailings plant
No. 1 treated 80 tons tailings for the week I
and plant No. 2 treated 25 tons.
The directors of the Bullion Mining Com
pany have appointed A. C. Kyle superintend
ent of the mine to succeed the late Roger i
Prendergast.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE I
BOARD.
Morning Session.
15 Co Costa Water 72 75
15 Contra <"osta Water 72 75 I
10 Contra Costa Water 7:' 87V.
50 Equitable Gas 500 ;
40 Giant Powder Con 75 50 I
15 Market Street Railway 61 50 i
10 Market Street Railway 61 75
1" Spring Valley Water 10150
Afternoon Session.
Board—
. 30 Contra Costa Water. ..'. 73 25
25 Contra Costa Water 73 37%
25 Contra Costa Water 73.'."
20 Contra Costa Water 73 ,_ : _,
100 Equitable Gas 5 00
50 Oceanic S S Co 87 CO
40 Market Street Railway 61 75
200 Vigorit Powder 3 12%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Franc. seo |
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 10 100 Justice 08
400 Belcher .... 34 300 Mexican 55
200 Best & Belcher 54 100 Occidental 25
200 Challenge 32 100 Potosi 49
400 Chollar 30 400 Union Con 39
100 Con Cal & .Va.2 00 500 Yellow Jacket. 37
ICO Gould & Curry 40
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes '.. 19 100 Mexican 57
500 Belcher 35 100 Ophlr 105
400 Best & Belcher 55 100 Overman 16
500 Con <"al & Va.2 05 350 Potosi 50 .
600 Justice OS 500 Union Con .... 42
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
1000 Alta 09 400 Mexican 54
1000 Andes 17 300 Ophir 10.",
300 Best & Belcher 53 250 Ophlr 1 '7i 2
400 Best & Belcher 54 ICO Overman IS
450 Con Cal & V.l 97 1 . 200 Savage 27
500 Con Cal & V...2 00 300 Scorpion 02
1200 Con Imperial .. 01 500 Scorpion 01
1000 Mexican 68 500 I'nion Con — 37
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 10 300 Gould & Curry 40
100 Andes 191 400 Justice OS
200 Belcher 35 200 Ophir .'; 107%
250 B?st & Belcher 55 1 200 Potosi 50
600 Bullion 08] 100 Sierra Nevada. 66
400 Con Cal & V...2 061 100 Sierra Nevada. 65
1000 Con Imperial .. Oil 200 Union Con 41
250 Exchequer 03 400 Union Con — 42
250 Exchequer 02
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. July 7-4 p. m.
. Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 04 06 Justice 08 —
Alta 10 11 Kentuck 08 05
Andes 18 19 Lady Wash .... 01 02.
Belcher 34 35 Mexican 54 55
Best & Belcher 54 55 Occidental 23 25
Bullion 08 09 Ophir .100105
Caledonia 68 70 Overman 15 16
Chollar 28 30 Potosi 49 50
Challenge Con.. 32 34 Savage 27 2f-
Confidence ..... 90 — Scorpion '. .02 03
Con Cal * Va.2 00 205 Seg Belcher ... 07 OS
Con Imperial .. — 02 Sierra Nevada. 63 65
Crown Point. .. .26 — Silver Hill 01 03
Eureka Con ... ■— 40 Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 04 Standard 190 250
Exchequer 04 St. Louis — 16
Gould & Curry 39 40 Union Con 40 41
Hale & Norcrs 36 38 Utah 14 17
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket. 36 38
THE CALL CALENDAR.
July. 1899.
Su.
2
Su. Mo.
~T 3
IJ" 10
TiT 17
~8~: 24
30 31
To. j
4
11
18
26
We
5
12
19
26
Th
j 6
13
20
! 2?
? -
"T
i 14
21
! 2S
Sa. | Moon's Phases.
1 I /JN- New Mooa.
'Vs? July 7.
8 —
-mFlret Quarter
15 3 July 15.
2j p. Full Moon .
— July 2 ~"
•* 9 ' Last Quarter,
| I "it July i 9.
I Moon's Phases.
I *2v- New Mooa.
Ye? July 7.
-jkFirft Quarter
W July 15.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
July 7. 1899. '-. r;-;v-_. .- •
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
.1. c., *at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time. •
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant "Commander. V. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic j Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
fe £_* M fc
MONDAY. JULY 10. 1899. AT 11 __. ML
At EMPORIUM SALESYARDS,
2 20 VALENCIA ST,
We will sell by order of MR. UKVNOLPS *
THE OAKLAND MEAT COMPANY
Sixty head of CARRIAGE. ROAD and DRA/T
HOUSES, all Cleaveland bays. This l B ™°
finest lot of horses that has come to this mar
ket for some time, and Includes 8 or 10 nlceiy
matched carriage teams. „i„.»_x* with the
The above stock has been selected ™» "£
utmost care by Mr. Reynolds from his rancn
ln Mono County. • " __ tarda
Horses can now be seen at the above sards.
Sale positive. NO reserve °LN DOTI--S.
« SULLIVAN & D ?/~~*
Dive Stock Auctioneers.
Office, 327 Sixth st., San Francisco.
fe JUST ARRIVED! fe
carload Large Horses and Carload Medium
Size. Broke and Unbroke. at J. D. HOKATi ft.
Tenth and Bryant streets. .
twenty-five minutes later than at Fori Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SATURDAY. JULY 8.
 , ; 4:54
Sun rises -,, t
M^n^s'::::::::::::::::::""."-*'--*-^^^*''^*
Moon sets 8:00 * *-
O (Tlmel Time [Time j
2. 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. I
? L W JH XV LXV ,
TT..I 6:55—0.81 12:56 4.91 5:35 2.9
9 .. 6:24 — 0.5[ 1:29 5.1 6:20 2.8
H W L XV H W
10 ... f 0:15 5.51 6:56—0.2 2:01 5.2
11 ...I 0:56 5.11 7:29 0.1 2:30 5.2
12 ...| 1:401 4.81 8:02 0:51 3:00 5.2
13... 2:30 4.31 8:35 0.9 3:30 5.2
It ...| 3:24 2.9| 9:ll| 1.4 4:05 5.3
H W
j 11:35 5.8
L""w
7:06 2.7
7:55 2-5
8:46 2.3
9:41 2.0
10:40| 1.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tne
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide or
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Klven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slen (—1 precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the denth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Willamette ....[Seattle.... July S
Areata Coos Bay IJuly S
San juan Panama luly 8
North Fork Humboldt July 8
Tartar [Vancouver July S
Columbia (Portland July 9
Coos Bay [Newport July 9
Czarina iPuget Sound July 9
Weeott ....[Humboldt July 9
Washtenaw ITaeoma July 9
Slam Nanalmo 'July 9
South Coast Humboldt ." July 9
Aloha Point Arena July 9
Progreso [Seattle July 9
Luella Yaquina Bay July 10
Umatilla Victoria & Pugr-t Sound July 11
Bristol [Departure Bay July 11
Newburg Grays Harbor 'July It
Corona San Diego July 11
Pomona [Humboldt ...July It
Mackinaw Tacoma (July 11
Sunol 'Grays Harbcr. July 11.
Bonlta I Newport 'July 13
State California Portland 'July 14
Point Arena.... I Point Arena July 14
Areata Coos Bay IJuly 1",
Portland 'St. Michael [July 15
Homer Ist. Michael July 1.".
Santa Rosa San Diego July IS
America Maru.. 'China and Japan IJuly 16
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination, [ Sails. [ Pier.
A. Blanch'djCoos Pay IJuly 8, 10 am (Pier 13
Acapulcu ...Panama Juiy ►, Vi m,PMSS
N. Maru China &Japan July 8, 1 pmIPMSS
Pomona ....I Humboldt July 8, 2 Pier 9
Ranfa Rosa' San Diego 'July 9. 11 am Pi»r 11
Curacao ....Mexico .July 9, lOamiPierll
Walla W...!Vic & Pet July 10. 10 amPler 9
Weeott IHumboldt July 10, 2 pm'Pier 13
Pt. Arena. JPolnt Arena.. July 10. 2 Pier 2
Areata ICooa Hay July 10. 12 mlPier 13
Aloha 'Point Arena.. [July 11, 3 pm|Pier 2
Coos- Bay. ..(Newport July 11, 9 amlPier 11
Columbia ..Portland I.Tuly 12. 10 amlPier 2*
Luella Oregon Ports. July 12. 3 Pier 2
Mariposa ..[Sydney July 12, 10 amlPler 7
forona San Diego.... July 13. 11 am Pier 11
Coptic 'China <£• Japan July M, 1 pmIPMSS
Umatilla ..'vie * Pgt Sdjjuly 15. 10 amlPier 9
Portland ...'Alaska IJuly 15 1
Ronita Newport 'July 1",. 9 amlPier 11
3tate of Portland July 17. 10 am Pier 24
Steamer.
! Destination.
SHIPPING I\TELI,IGEME.
ARRIVED.
Friday. July 7.
Stmr Navarro, Gerne, 21 hours from Usal.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 18 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Tillamook. Anflndsen, 2*" hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Alice Blanchard. Hall, 51 hours from
Coos Bay.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 11 hours from
Point Arena.
Stmr Santa Rosa., Alexander, 61 hours from
San Diego, etc.
Bark German:*. Pearson, 12 days from
Seattle, via New Whatcom 7 days.
Schr Maxim. Olren, 18 hours rfom Caspar.
Schr Eva, Rarrlselium. 5% days from Tacoma.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, 20 hours from Bowens
Landing. ■-",..'
Br surveying sloop Egeria. Smith, from Es
quimau, for Australia, via Honolulu; on sur
vey cruise.
CLEARED.
Friday. July 7.
Stmr Cleveland. Klltgaard, Seattle; E T
Kruse.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, San Diego*
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
SAILED.
Friday. July 7.
Stmt- Fulton, Levins On. Portland, etc.
Stmr State of California. Goodall, Astoria.
Stmr Scotia. Jacobs, .
Bark Rufus E Wood, Mo Leo, l. Puget Sound
and Sydney.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Arff, Coquille River.
Schr Reliance, Nordllng. Iversens Landing.
Schr Mary* C. Madsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr J G Wall. Bjornstrom. Eureka.
Schr John A, Nilsson. Eureka. .
Schr Monterey. Beck, Bowens Landing.
RETURNED.
Friday. July 7.
Schr Sacramento. Gruggel. hence July 6. for
Tillamook, returned on account of springing a
leak last night at 10 o'clock off Point Reyes.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. July 7. 10 p Weather
hazy; wind west; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
June 11. lat 19 S. lon 3_ W— Br shin Cast's
Rock, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS, j
TACOMA-Satled July s— Stmr Orizaba for
Dyea. July 6— Br stmr Gleogle. ror Hongkong*
Btmr Washtenaw, for San Francis,,-,
Arrived July 6— Stmr City- of Topeka, from
Dyea. > . ;
VENTURA— Arrived July 7— Stmr Pasadena
r- m S_n Pedro.
Sailed July 7— Stmr Pasadena, for Eureka
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 4— Schr Lila'and
Mattie. from Coquille River. July 7— Bark
Tidal Wave, from Tacoma; schr Fred E San
der, from Port Gamble.
SEATTLE— SaiIed July 7— Stmr Czarina, for
San Francisco.
REDONDO— Arrived July 7— Bark Vidette
from Seattle.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed July 7-Stmr Novo for
San Frc.nclsco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 7— Stmr Su
nol. hence July 2.
DUTCH HARBOR— Arrived June 20— Stmr
Brunswick, frim Seattle, with barges in tow
UNGA— Arrived June 22— Stmr National I'ity
from Seattle, with barges in tow.
EUREKA— Arrived July 7— Stmr South Coast
hence July 5; schr Fortuna, hence June _'•
stmr Weeott, hence July 5. ;
Sailed July -Stmr Ruth, for San Francisco*
schr Oceania Vance, for Sydney; stmr North
Fork, for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived July 7— Bktn Arago from
Taku.
Sailed July 7— Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Passed Ur ».
6— Haw bark Nuuanu. from Kahulul
NEW YORK— Sailed July 6—Bark Onaway
for Honolulu. " '
FOREIGN PORTS.
LIMERICK— Arrived July 6—Bark Inver
lochy, from Oregon.
SWANSEA— SaiIed July 5— Br ship Buteshire
for San Francisco. - .  .-, '
VALPARAISO— SaiIed May 26— Chil bark
Lake Leman, for Port Townsend.
NANAIMO- Sailed July 7— Aus stmr Slam for
San Francisco. -.-v. •-■■. -.--.:.■_ - " ,.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 2- Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
NEW YORK— Sailed July 7-Stmr Stat. r.r
Nebraska, for Glasgow. htate **
Hamburg. JUl> 7 ~ Stmr **" Wal <- e ™e. from
YOKOHAMA— Arrived July 7-Stmr Empress
of Japan, from Vancouver. '^ tmr Empress
BREMEN- Arrived July 7-Stmr H II Meier
from Baltimore. m———,
NAPLES— Arrived July 7— Stmr Saale „-,
New York, for Genoa. " aale> from
nl^^^^^,_^d_i^^ '^
fro^^w¥o7k ArrlVed JU,y " Stmr *"*-*-■.
BOSTON-Arrlved July 7 ~ stror ***™«*
from Liverpool ■ »»NEWS OF THE REALTY WORLD.
Seven -Story Hotel and Store Building Being Erected for Mrs Charlotte Clarke
on the Corner of Mason and O'iarreil Streets at a Cost of $89,030.
SO many people are away from
town on their summer vacations
that rer.! estate brokers hive
practically been driven to a
*•— ' standstill. They find it almost
impossible to consummate a promising
looking ileal for the reason that either
ihe prospective buyer or the prospec
tive seller is almost certain to be out
of the city just when his presence in
town is particularly necessary to close
the deal. Hut this state of affairs is
by r.o means abnormal, being simply
the usual thing during July, so that
while the brokers may grumble oyer
deferred commissions they have no
serious cause for complaint.
That the rea! estate market is dull
admits of no question; but the condi
tions are such that there is sure to be
a revival of activity early in the fall
after the crops have been harvested
and local investors begin to return to
tho city from the country and sea
shore. A good understanding of the
existing conditions as compared with
the state of the market in the pa_t
may be obtained from the followtn...
which forms a part of the half-year, y
summary appearing in the Heal Estate
Circular for June. published by
Tin. mas Magee <S_ Sons:
The total number ef real estate sales made
In "the city and county of san Francisco in
the first half of 1533 was 1566. of tho value of
t7;_-9.t_!4. • This was an Increase; of J 336 in
the number and of f_,57.,3_5 in the value of
tlie sales over those of the previous huif
yea r.
There were points of resemblance in the
condition of the real estate market in the
flrst quarters of 1898 and 1899. In both want
of early rain led to anticipations of a dry
year and therefore to stagnation In real
estate. But that stagnation was not nearly
so marked in the first quarter of this as
In that of last year, -tuyers In IS3S thought
that, because we did not have rain, they
could buy at their own prices. They acted
upon that theory, but finding during the
months of April. May, June and July that
their calculations were not realized— that
oi* tiers -would not sell at their prlces-j-they
began to buy in the fall.
This year sales went on while the dry
weather lasted, but they increased consld
erablv after the heavy rain of March and
k»pt "up fairly well until June, when the
siimracr season, the period of dullness, set
in. and -will continue until the fall.
One striking feature of the market this
year, and for a long time previously, has
been that nobody whatever counts in the
least on the future. Central property that
Is paving well alone is? looked at. Nearly all
outskirt business properties are left un
touched. Even Market street, ward from
Seventh street on the one side and from
Jones street ... is unsalable, rents
being very low and many hulldinKs poor
there. This want of trust in the future
and determination to buy only what is cen
tral and renting well is the natural outcome
of th" reverse condition of affairs which
prevailed from I*S7 to 1S31; when wholesale
purchases of suburban property were made,
largely on credit, due to wild discounting
of the ruture. That - inflated period re
sembled a bale of cotton when it comes
from the plantation, and the present feel
inn the same bale when It has undergone
the compression of a steam cotton press
And yet there never was more abiding
THE BROKERS ARE NOT
WORRYING THEMSELVES
They Say That Sooner of Later the
Roads Will Pay Commis
sions.
\t a meeting held on Thurso evening
the California P senger Association ad
mitted to membership the Nickel Plate
and the Pacific Coast Steamship com
panies This completes the- membership
of tho association, which now embraces
every railroad and steamship company
represented in this city.
\t Thursday night's meeting K. H.
Cour.tis of the Transcontinental Freight
Bureau presided as chairman for the first
t-me There was nothing of importance
transacted beyond the receiving into mem- |
bersh-n of the above mentioned lines and j
the^oassirig of additional rules making
tiie exclusion of ticket brokers as com
plete as possible. ."'"'__ '""-_.'" , *
"This matter of excluding brokers from
all participation in the business may be
all very well from the standpoint of the i
raMroad men and the directors of the big
roads " said one of the brokers yesterday.
"but how does it look from the brokers'
and travelers' end of lt \ ._-. .< '
"Wo bring trade to the different lines,
and if in order to get that trade, we
divide 'our commissions with the pur
chaser I can't for the life of me see bow
1* is gong to affect the road over which
the purchaser Intends traveling. The road j
s-ets/.ust as much for the ticket, we get j
our" commission and the traveler Is bene- j
fited to the tent of the drawdown we
-How him— not out of the coffers of the!
railroad company but out of our own |
S/'E'-O. McCormick started this associa
tion He was brought out here to further \
the business of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and you may rest assured that
though this association on its face looks |
like a great thing for railroad men in |
general It is going to benefit the Southern |
Pacific in the end more than any one else,
or it would not have been started. They
may talk all they want to about excluding ,
brokers, but we'll go right along doing
business at the old stand, and sooner or I
later we will find some one or other pay- I
ing us commissions for the business we j
bring m." ;
. • ■
Was His Theme.
Temperance
Rev. J. W. Webb, chairman of the Pro- !
hlbltion executive committee, addressed i
a large temperance meeting in Howard
M. E. Church last evening. The audience
constated of Prohibitionists from sur- .
rounding bay towns and was very en- :
thulastic. The services consisted of sing- •
Ing and short talks by those present. Dr.
Webb proved himself a graceful and in- I
tcrestln*. talker. He is one of the most .
prominent temperance advocates On the '
confidence .In the future of the city than
at present, and ere never were as strong
grounds for Justification of lt.
The same publication contains also
the following article on tin condition
of th>- money market, which will be
of more than ordinary interest:
Durinz the first half of 1533, 19S1 city real
estate mortgages were recordeJ ; their ag
gregate value was $6,200,004. The total num
ber of releases of such mortgages recorded
was 160&. of the total value of $6,937,690.
Instead of an increase of real estate debt,
therefore, there was during the past six
months a decrease of $537,530. The city sav
ings-banks lent a total of $1,430,075 on city
real estate during the half year, and re
leased $4,545.'>14. so that they released nearly
J' "."') more than they lent. I'rivate lend
ers, too, released $322,651 more than they
lent. l>urlng the half year the large sav
ings banks have carried large cash bal
ances, although they have been liberal
buyers of bonds and flrst-class securities.
They have been driven Into that field of in
vestment because of the impossibility of ob
taining enough good city real estate mort
gages to keep then- surplus tunds employed.
Never in tne history of City real estate have
good loans l>"en so scarce. The tendency
has been altogether to reduce real estate
debts rather than to increase them. Of the
real estate mortgages recorded during the
last six months, tully one-half were renew
als of old loans.
The time is past when the loanable fun-Is
of the community, whether in the keeping
of corporations or individuals, can be chiefly
employed in lending on real estatr. Should
a much more lively demand for real estate
occur soon, as now seems most likely, con
current with the immense amount of sur
plus money, mortgage indebtedness will
greatly increase; but as the increase of
v-oaltli tends to the emancipation from debt
of owners of land, the outlook is that other
investments must toe sought by _avlngs
banks and capitalists, and it is re be hoped
thai their attention will be turned to manu
factures, upon which the prosperity of the
city largely depends.
The rati of interest during the half year
have been 6 1 . to 7 per cent, the lenders pay
ing the mortgage tax. About three-fourths
of the money lent by the banks of the cltj
was at -'2 per cent. With a more active
real estate market there will doubt he
an increased demand for money, but lt is
not at all likely that even an improved mar
ket could absorb all of the money seeking
investment. Capitalists will hereafter, we
believe, have to depend largely on Invest
ments tn the best of stocks and bonds as an
outlet for their money. Such Investments
have the great advantage of being easily
salable, in case of need lor ready money.
One-third of the money lent during the past
half year on city real estate was that of
private persons.
Something like a half million dollars was
lent upon city land mortgages during the six
months by private capitalists at 6 per cent,
the loans being mainly taken from former
creditors who refused to renew at that re
duced rate. The savings banks without ex
ception demand <'■-. which rate leaves them
after payment of mortgages as assessed last
year, 4.fi94 per cent net A few loan* tn
large Bums on choice property were made by
the banks at fi'-i per cent.
The record of real estate transac
tions for the month of June shows
that property valued nt $1,062.8 has
chanced hands during that time,
whicn is $500,000 more than the- figures
for the month preceding.
Pacific Coast, is past grand chief templar
of the Order of Good Templars and a
member of the executive committee of the
Anti-Saloon League. Mr. Webb has just
finished a successful lecturing tour of the
San Joaquin Valley. He will attend a
county rally in Stockton to-night and will
preach at Clovts and Pariier, where sani
tary district campaigns are in progre.s.
A BULLY ON A CAR.
Edward Goodfellow Convicted of Dis-
turbing the Peace and Exhibit
ing a Deadly Weapon.
Edward Goodfellow, a bottler for a
water company, appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday on charges of disturb
ing the peace and exhibiting a deadly
weapon. He was convicted and ordered
into custody without bail to appear for
sentence this morning. The evidence
showed that Goodfellow was riding on a
Haight-street car on the Fourth of July
and commenced to make himself obnox
ious to the other passengers, mostly
ladies. li.- was check,-, 1 by E. Cox. the
grlpman, but it made him worse and he
used the most disgusting language. Cox
stopped the car to put ... off and Good
fellow pulled a revolver "tit of his pocket
and threatened to use it.
The Judge gave Goodfellow a severe
"roasting" and characterized his conduct
as that of a coward and bully. It Is
probable lhat he will give Goodfellow the
full limit.
CORONER HILL REBUKED.
The Japanese Consul Proposes to
Make Things Warm for Him.
Japanese Consul Mutsu has addressed
a letter to Coroner Hill, inquiring why the
two Japanese sailors, who were drowned
while attempting to escape from the Nip
pon Maru, were discriminated against by
being cremated by order of the Coroner
before the jury had an opportunity of
viewing the bodies. The Consul quotes the
State law on the subject of Inquests for
the enlightenment of the Coroner and
pointedly asks "why wore not the jury
allowed to view the bodies before holding
the inquest, as has been the custom from
times Immemorial whereof the memory of
man runneth not to the contrary."
Was Drunk in Court.
When the case of John Murphy, charged
with stabbing his mother. Mrs. Bridget
Murphy, in the abdomen. In her home, 23
Clara street, on May 14, was called in
Judge Conlan's court yesterday.Mrs. Mur
phy appeared In an intoxicated condition.
She said she did not know who stabbed
her and the Judge dismissed the case and
ordered that Mrs. Murphy be taken to the
City Prison and booked on a charge of
being a common drunkard. The police
give her a bad name.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
The property of the Free Deutsche
Gemeirde, on" north side of O'Farrell
street. 103:1V_ feet west of Mason, lot
-4:r-«\l"7:6 feet, has finally been sold
to Samuel Knight for 120.000 and the
conveyance has been made and filed.
Some "time ago this property was sold
twi-*e over and serious legal difficul
ties were in sight. Henry Kahn often -1
j1,5,.v»0 for the property and paid $500
down to the secretary of the society
to hind the bargain. Later. James A.
(*oo->er ■ !'!• ied $20.7'"»0, and his deposit
of $1000 was accepted by the directors.
A peaceful compromise, however, an
pears to have been effected among the
contending i ties.
S. P. Blumenberg has sold to Louis
P i_. Frev the property on the east
line of Dupont street. K>S:4 feet north
of Pine street. 97:5 feet front, with ir
regular depth.
Icnatz Stelnharl has bought from the
estate of A. Frank ( h< property '4:4 : .x
137:6 on the north line of Post street.
137 :<' feet east from Mason. The price
paid was $25,600.
McAfee Brothers report the following
recent city sales:
The .southeast corner of Scott and
Vallejo streets. 50x112 price $10,000;
the northwest corner of Sacramento
street md Central avenue, stores below
and fiats above. $8500: lot on the east
side of Devlsadero street 102 feet south
of Grei south 32 by east 103:1"*; No.
J'', Tel.. street, brick house of nine
rooms with lot -7:6x75, $2500; lot on the
south side of Washington street, 32:0
cast of Spruce, 30x100; lot on the west
st,;,- of Seventh avenue, 225 feet north
of Lake. 50x114, J-1500; lot on the west
side of Sixth avenue, 225 feet north of
P. street 25x120: lot on the west side of
Sixth avenue, 25 feet north of B street,
25x120; two thus on the north side of
Heaver street. 100 feet east of Castro.
25x114, $3300; house and lot on Jules
avenue. Lakevtew, $1000; lot on the
west side of Sixth avenue. 175 feet
south of A street, 25x120: lot on the
west side of First avenue, 130 feel
north of Washington, 30x120 feet, $1500.
Fasten. Eldridge & Co. will, hold an
auction sale of choice business and
residence property in various sections
of the city at their office next Tues
day.
Joseph K. Green will erect a fine
brick residence on Washington street,
between Spruce and Locust.
The copartnership of Warren & Mal
ley, street contractors, has been dis
solved by mutual consent. Mr. Malley,
it is said, receiving $65,000 for his In
terest in the business.
Mrs. Sarah N. Spoom has begun the
erection of si vera! buildings on her
lots at Pacific avenue and Devlsadero
street.
The activity in building circles con
tinue*, the record for Juno exceeding
thai of any previous month this year
and any corresponding month since
IS9I. The value of the contracts re
corded last month was $671,583. against
$461,637 Tor June, 189$. Skilled labor Is
scarce and commands better prices
than have been obtainable for years.
Altogether, the prospects for continued
activity are exceedingly encouraging.
DEPARTMENTAL HEADS -
HAVE BEEN APPOINTED
The Paris Commission Names the
Men Who Will Manage
Exhibits.
The Paris Exposition Commission has
made public its appointments of depart
mental heads. Charles G. Yale will have
charge bf the mining exhibit. Mr. Yale,
who is a resident of Alameda, has been
for many years the statistician of the
local Mint. He has made mining and all
pertaining thereto the special study of- hi -
life and is admirably qualified to take
charge and suet essfully" conduct the great
exhibit of mineral wealth that Califor
nia will have in 'arts.
L. A. Emlay 0. Oakland has been made
superintendent of the horticultural and
agricultural display. He occupied the
same position for California at Chicago
and the Midwinter Fair, and made such
a record for himself that he is consid
ered the most competent man to look
after the Interests of the State when its
fruits and flowers are exposed to the won
dering eyes of visitors at the great ex
position.
Thomas Hatch of this city will take
charge of the forestry exhibit, he having
tilled the same position at the Chicago
fair. ...
To look after the viticultural depart
ment W. H. McNeill was chosen. Mr.
McNeill,' who is considered one of the best
posted men on the coast in all matters
vinous, had control of California's wine
exhibit at the Chicago World's Fair.
Each of these gentlemen will enter upon
the work of his new office at once. They
will receive a salary of $150 per month
and will be allowed by the State all ex
penses incurred in the legitimate dis
charge of their duties.
Nuisance to Her Neighbors.
Mrs. Julia Hoover, 151 Natoma street,
was arrested Thursday night on the
charge of disturbing the peace of her
neighbors. She takes a pleasure in sit
ting at her open window with a bucketful
of water beside her and as any one passes
she throws the water on him or her from
a dipper. The Judge could not get her
to stop talking and was compelled to
order the bailiff to hurry her out of court
to the City Prison to await her sentence
this morning. She declared that she
would kill her landlord, George F. Pease.
1906 Baker street, as she blamed him for
having her arrested.
Charles Kopp's Estate.
Edward M. Robin applied yesterday for
letters of administration upon the estate
of Charles Kopp. who was shot and killed
by his wife. Louisa Kopp, a few weeks
ago. Besides Mrs. Kopp. a daughter,
Amanda Kopp, is an heir to the estate.
FATHER TRIES
TO ABDUCT HIS
OWN CHILD
Creates Trouble at
San Leandro.
— ♦ —
SCHEINGEL UNDER ARREST
— ♦
LITTLE TESSIE'S MOTHER IS
NOW DEAD.
•♦
Father Arrested Because Ha Does
Not Want the Grandmother
to Have the Young
Girl.
Oakland Office Pin Francisco Call,
90. Broadway, July 7.
C. Scheingel, a San Francisco merchant,
-is to be tried in Judge Qulnn's court at j
San Leandro next week ( n a sirr.pl.
charge of disturbing the peace. He If for
tunate not to be charged -.villi the abduc
tion of his little daughter, who is in 'he
legal custody of her grandmother, Mrs.
Silva of San Leandro,
A few days ago there was much excite
ment in the little town. Scheingel nd J.
Murphy arrived in the evening and at once
caused It to be known that they were in
search of Mrs. Silva and her grand laugh
ter They mad'- a house-to-house arch,
and at length discovered the grandmother
and Tessie on Ca'.len avenue. Kchcmg.l
swore thai he would have his daughter,
and the men acted in such a manner that
Marshal Giescnl.of.-r ordered them out of
town Mrs. Silva swore to warrants charg
ing them with disturbing the peace and
they were arrested in .Sac. Francisco and
brought to San !.- and! . where Scheingel
gave ball and Murphj was eased on
his own recognizance.
Mrs. Silva's daughter Mamie married
Scheingel several years ago. Three chil
dren were born, and then bcholngel'a wife
I sued for a divorce and was awarded the
j decree and the children. About a year
and a half as-' Mrs. Scheingel died, but
I before her decease she rusted her girl
to her mother. Mrs. Silva has honored
' the trust, and only moved to San Leandro
I from San Francisco v.hi Scheingel be
i came a terror to her and her ward. He
1 said he wanted tn send the girl to her
' sister in Germany and was determined to
Ido so. He soon discovered Mrs. Silva':*
I retreat and has renewed his efforts to
I pain possession of the girl. When in San
i Leandro Scheingel showed that he had
■ not reformed from the habits that led to
I his divorce and the taking away of the
1 child.
Died From Surgical Shock.
BERKELEY, July The Coroner's
i jury to-day rendered a verdict of
i death from surgical shock in the
i ease of Mrs. Charlotte Spenger, who
i died at her home in West Berke
ley yesterday. Dr. Edward Llngen
: berg of San Frnncisco attended the case
and Issued a certificate of death which
1 was rejected by the health 'licer. Dr.
! Eastman performed an autopsy this
I morning, and Coroner Mehrman held an
j inquest" this afternoon, with the result
! noted above.
Bohemians for San Jose.
OAKLAND. July -The members of
Oakland Hospitium No. 2, Bohemians of
America. will go to San Jose to-morrow
evening to assist In the organization of
the San Jose Hospltium. A large delega
tion from San Francisco and Sacramento
will a!.-, attend. The San Jose folks aro
making great preparations to receive their
guest,*-. ______________ ■
WANT THE CONVENTION.
Merchants Invite Epworth League to
Visit the Pacific.
Several weeks ago the local committees
of the Epworth League requested of the
various commercial bodies of this city
that Invitations be sent to the members of
the convention now being held in the East
to hold the next national assembly in 1901
in this State. The Merchants' Association
took up the subject yesterday and after
discussing the benefits to be derived from
such gatherings passed the following reso
lution:
Whereas, It i* to the direct benefit of our city
and State to secure the holding here of con
\entions and meetings of organized bodies: and.
whereas, efforts are now being made to induce
the International Convention of the Epworth
League to hold its biennial session of 1901 in
San Francisco. Therefore be it
Resolved, That the Merchants' Association
heartily joins in extending a most cordial In
xitation to the member, of the Epworth League
to visit our city and State and to hold the ses
sion of the league In ■- I in San. Francisco.
Sequel of a R.cent Divorce.
The marriage of George E. Bates and
Bliss Mamie Davis in Portland yesterday
recalls a recent sensational divorce suit
ln which the groom figured as the plaint
iff. Bates is well known in the business
community and is a drummer for an i
Eastern clothing firm.
Bates was tirst married here in May
18SS. and the issue of the union is a boy !
now 4 years old. Ten years after his !
marriage, that is on May 24 last, he ;
brought suit for divorce against his wife,
charging among other things Infidelity,
and Involving her name with that of J. B.
Costello of Amador. Later on he file
an amended complaint omitting Costello's
name, but still charging his wife. Mar
guerite, with unfaithfulness. The wile
admitted the charges in her answer and
on June 5 last the husband was given his
freedom and the custody of the child. It
looks as if Bates yearned for more matri
monial experience for another month has
barely elapsed before he ha again taken
unto 'himself a wife.
Thieving Domestics.
Delia Shelly, a servant girl who stole
articles from her employers to provide
money , for her best man, Leon Henry,
now awaiting his trial for burglary, was
yesterday sent to the House of Correction
for a year by Judge Treadwell, being six
months on each of two charges. Etta
Bermingham. a girl IS years of age. who
steals for a colored stableman in Ala
meda, was arrested yesterday by Detec
tives Fitzgerald and Graham and booked
for petty larceny. She was arrested a
few weeks ago and Judge Mogan allowed
her to go on probation on her promise to
behave herself. She got employment In
a house at 11. Hyde street and left a
week ago, taking a number of articles
with her
Liquor Dealers' Annual Meeting.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Coast
Retail Liquor Dealers' and Barkeepers'
Protective Association was held last even
ing and resulted in the election of the fol
lowing officers: President, W. K. Dolan;
vice president. C. E. Carlson; recording
secretary* G. H. Munk; financial secre
tary. C. G. Keller; treasurer, P. Filippini;
serjeant-at-arms. W. E. Mortensen; ex
ecutive committee— Lauterbach, C. E.
Carlson, G. H. Murk, directors— N. Meyer,
E. Wagner. W. Haack, C. Holymuller. D.
Steffens. A. Messerschmldt, N. P. Larson,
H. Joost and Al Johnson. An assessment
of 50 cent per capita was levied.
George Wade Indicted.
The Federal Grand Jury yesterday
brought in ah indictment charging George
Wade with murder on the high seas and
within the maritime Jurisdiction of the
United States.. Wade ran amuck on the
steamer Australia just after leaving Hon
olulu on May 16 of this year and shot and
killed William Gillespie.
TO LOCATE AN ENEMY
USING SMOKELESS POWDER
NEW TORK. July 7.— A Washington
special to the Journal says: Experts in
the War Department have discovered the
means of locating an enemy using smoke
less powder. The discovery i*= due to Col
onel Charles Smart, assistant surgeon
general of the army, who has recently
had some tests made, the results of which
have been transmitted to the Ordnance
Department.
The method used is very simple, consist
ing merely of the application to an ordi
nary field glass or telescope of a thin "plate
or film of violet-colored glass fitting over
the object glass of the instrument used. *
The. first practical use to be made or
this Ingenious and simple device will be
in the Philippines, where the Filipinos
even in the open country behind breast
works or trenches at long range fire Mau
ser rifles without detection.
MANY BUILDINGS WRECKED.
. MILWAUKEE, July 7— A Sentinel
special from Manawa, Wis., says: A tor
nado passed over the town of Union, five
miles north of this city, at 6 o'clock last
evening. The storm struck the township
at the western border and plowed a fur
row across it six miles long and fifteen to
forty rods wide.
Practically everything in its path was
destroyed. Conservative estimates place
the loss at $50,000 to (75,060. Many farm
houses, barns and outbuildings were
wrecked. There was no loss of life, bow
ever, and so far as can be learned no per
sons sustained injury.
Bond Election Delayed.
LOS ANGELES, July 7.— At a special
meeting to-day the City Council decided
that, owing to probable defects, the ordi
nance calling for a special bond election
to vote on the proposition of resuming
$420,000 of the si boo! Improvement bonds
should be repassed In amended form. This
will delay the election about two weeks.
*.
Brugere Succeeds Zurlinden.
PARIS. July General Brupere. for
mer chief of the late President Carnot's
military household, has been appointed
Military Governor of Paris in place of
General Zurlinden. The latter retains his
membership in the Supreme Council of
War.
— _*. — .
Medical Officers for Volunteers.
WASHINGTON; July The President
has completed the selection of the medical
officers to serve with the regiments of j
volunteer Infantry tc be organized for i
service in the Philippines. These appoint
ments number twenty-three all told. I
RED MEN TO
CONVENE AT
SACRAMENTO
THE thirty-fifth annual session <f
the Grand Lodge of the United
Order of Red Men of California
will be held in Sacramento on
July 31 and August 1. The convention
will open at Odd Fellows' Hall and
will be the largest gathering in the
history of the organization.
The. order has been in existence on
this const since l*-64 and has a mem
bership of 125. in this State and
$67,840 .1 in the treasury. Fifteen
lodges, of which nine are in this city
and one each In Oakland, Alameda.
Sacramento, San Jose, rata Cruz and
Los Angel, constitute the order
throughout the State.
Grand Chief Charles J. Kuss will
leave to-morrow to make an official
visit to Los Angeles on matters per
taining to the session and will be ac
companied by Grand Marshal William
Geistlich.
A committee from Sacramento Lodge
No. 124 for the reception of the grand
officers and delegates to the 'conven
tion has been appointed as follows:
Charles Schmltt, O. Wilhelrn, P. New
mann, F. Ebel, C. Wissig, J. Grlesel,
G. Faig, F. Schneider, A. Bauer, J.
Wunder and E. Sllber.
The programme is as follows:
Reception of delegates on the morn
ing of July -0 at the depot in Sacra
mento; in the afternoon an excursion
to Fritz Rink's summer garden and
moonlight picnic in the evening: Mon
day evening, July 31, concert and ball
in Turn Verein Hall; Tuesday, August
1, grand banquet in the evening;
Wednesday, August 2, inspection of
the different places of interest and
visit to Sutter's Fort.
The names of the delegates as far as
received by Grand Secretary* B. A.
Sammann are as follows:
Pacific Lodge No. 66— J. B. Retnhard,
William Geistlich, C. G. Bolsdorff, 11.
Schmitz and D. Cohn; California Lodge
No. 71 Charles Wekerle. C. Berghofer, J.
Frankenberg and H. Horstmann; Golden
Gate Lodge No. 73— H. Will and S. M.
Fuetscher; San Jose Lodge No. 77— F.
Schumacher. Karl Klein and F. Yung:
Germanla Lodge No. S3— L. Winter; Her
mann Lodge No. 224— R. Landmann, Joseph
Gutbcrlet, F. P.. Schwarz, Jacob Noll. E.
Maak and F. Huber; San Francisco. Lodge
No. 246— A. Drelmann and C. Leldecker;
Vorwarts Lodge No. 2Es— Charles Schlesin
ger and Julius Frisky; Schiller Lodge No.
2T&— F. Schreiber: Sacramento Lodge No.
124— Jacob Gruhler. John Wunder, A. Bauer,
Jacob Meyer and Adolph Schuch; Santa
Cruz Lodge No. 123— J. Bernehlm and Carl
Beck.
The additional grand officers are:
First grand vice chief. R. Landmann;
second grand vice chief. J. D. Felder
rnann: chaplain, Charles Schlesinger;
treasurer, Joseph Gutberlet; herald, F.
H. Grossmann; trustees, F. Braraer, C.
N. Neubourg, B. Moser and H. Beck.
Arrangements have been made with
the railroad for a one-third reduction
in rates, and tickets may be had at
the office of the grand secretary, 123S
Fillmore streeL
MISS PECKHAMS' PET
MUST GO TO COURT
OAKLAND. July 7.-A woman, a father of a nig family a bulldog and a Q
rifle became mixed somewhat at Elmhurst and ______ May Packham and +
Bert Magnussen were arrested. The Packham dog -engaged in a contro- A.
versy with one of the Magnus-en chlldien with the chances of v.ct.ry ♦
largely in favor of the dog. Magnussen pere saw th* battle and he at A
once grabbed a rifle with the intention, so he says. OX ™ ; e 1
bulldog He ordered Miss Packham to call off her pup. and. says she would ♦
no d, so. The lady declares that Magnussen pointed the gun at J
and that her life is still her own by reason of the fact that the rifle «-"■ so x
ancient it would not explode. Miss Packham has been bound W^**^ _
neace and she has caused Magnussen's arrest, on a charge of assault wttn
3 d Cons.a W ble feck Robinson has been ordered to bring the dog into court.. %
and 1," Is not sanguine of success. He attempted to serve a suhpena on the a
animal to-day but his reception did not encourage him to try again. He has </
hfo n- the court that there is only one person in the world who can con- ♦
trol that bulldog and he is not sure that Miss Packham can be subpenaed *♦*
to l.m S a w itneS into court that may be used against her. He consulted the t
SstSS AttSSS « to how to get the nop into court and was provided with (J
a lcbafn and io. He says it may be - war, to give the dog a sleeping 1
draught to enable him to harness it and bring it to court. ♦
CAKEWALK ENTRIES.
California Soldier Boys' Fund Will
Be Benefited.
The fame of the International Cakewalk
Carnival which opens July IS at Mechan
ics' Pavilion has spread to the adjacert
cities. Manager Buckley received a let
ter yesterday, from Frank G. Tillman of
Portland, Or., saving that he would leave
that city on the 7th inst. and would enter
in the Society diamond badge ■ champion
ship Cakewalk; also In th,- Interna
Cakewalk and in several fancy exhibition
events. Mr. Tillman" is one of the best
known young business men in Portland, is
a manager of a big dry goods house and
has won first medals and cakes at all tin.
principal society cakewalks in Oregon.
He is anxious to meet J. Walker Cole
Schleicher. A. F. Wiliams, Everett Bio.vn
of San Francisco, J. True Boardman or
Mr. Schleuter of Oakland, P. Ryan or
Sacramento or any one. ■-■' _
In Master Frank Burner of Oakland,
whose age is three years, but who won
second prize as a cakewnlker at the 'j aw
tie Club picnic July -i. the cake walk car
nival secures a contestant against 'Lit
tle Boy Mason." who is three years an
two months old. The juveniles are com
ing out strong for the cakewalks and
fully fifty couples will participate.
The main Durp< pc of the cakewalk c*ir
nival is to benefit the California soldi*
boys' fund, the management of which is
vested in C. L. Patton, chairman; J. A.
Filcher secretary and treasurer: E. A.
Denicke. K. H. Warfield. Tirey L. For*
and A. W. Barrett. As they are to re
ceive a portion of the gross ticket sale
instead of the net it is '• *"" tin that no
matter whether the carnival be extremely
profitable or not the fund will be very
considerably benefited by the liberality of
those in charge
NEW OIL COMPANY.
It Will Develop Lands on the Belt
West of Fresno.
Articles of incorporation of the Cygnet
Petroleum and Development Company
were filed yesterday with the County Clerk.
The company proposes to develop some
2500 acres of oil land on the belt west
of Fresno. Although the new oil regions
in the neighborhood of Fresno are in an
exceedingly Immature stage of develop
ment some 50.000 barrels of oil have al
ready been placed on the market from the
wells. With proper development the out
put can bo so increased that Fresno belt
i oil production will be counted among the
big industries of the State, in addition
to oil there is a bell of gypsum lime. 2-0*)
feet in length, on the property of the
Cygnet Company nd this will be devel
oped in connection with the wells.
The capital stock of the corporation is
$150,000. of which 190.000 have been sub-
I scribed. The directors are J. ■■'. B. Heb
bard. I. N. Hyde. Charles J. Hoggerty.
' Charles A. Lee and John C. McElroy.
Officers to Be Installed.
The following named officers of Golden
Gate Camp of the Woodmen of the World
will bo Install' d at the meeting to be held
on the 17th inst.: Frederick T. Phelps,
consul commander; Thomas F. Qulnlan,
advisor lieutenant; Luther Elkins. escort:
P. W. Gates, watchman; David Brown,
sentry, and J. F. Fright, manager for the
eighteen-month term.
The officers of Golden Gate Council of
the Order of Pend i are to be publicly In
stall" on next Thursday evening in the
social ball of the Shiels building. The
ceremony is to be followed by a pro
gramme of songs and literary numbers,
after which there will be a dance.
On the night of the :.' th Inst, the officers
of Franklin Circle. Companions of the
Forest of the Ancient Order of Foresters
will i-»- installed -it an open meeting of
tin* circle in the Shiels building.
To-night th,, officers of Amity Rebekah
Lodge will be installed in public in the
Eureka Hall of the Odd Fellows* building
There will be an entertainment after the
Installation. ■ _- , •-" -- -.-/.-
The officers of Golden State Parlor. Na
, . iv Daughters of the Golden West. are to
be installed by District Deputy Mrs. J. A.
Stelnbach on the evening of Wednesday
next and those of La Estrella Parlor will
be installed on Saturday, the loth inst.
Juniors Install Officers.
The officers of Abraham Lincoln Council
: No. 2, Junior Order of United American
Mechanics, were installed last Thursday
night by S. Joseph Thelsen, •-. S. D. C.
The new officers are: William E. Bouton,
junior past councilor; Alfred H. Yordl,
councilor; Huso M. Schmidt, vice council
or* John W. Colby, recording secretary;
Arthur W. Brown, assistant recording
secretary; R. F. de Lisle, financial seoro
"tarv- R A. A. Summers, treasurer; E. P.
Kohler. warden; J. E. Odgers. conductor;
. v Cald-well. Li. J. Biecke and F. A. Tib
bits trustees: L. Deeter, Inside sentinel:
I F Black outside sentinel. The re
' ports' for the term, presented before in
: stallation show the council to be In good
condition, In recognition of services per.
formed the retiring councilor was pre
sented a handsome Jewel In the shape of
a watch charm, on which are the emblems
of the order.
DIRECTORY
O? RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
VAI PLEASE MENTION "THE CALL."
* BELTINO. " HARDWARE.
_. c _...— #.f r>*it;~,~ nn- 0- -' ACE Hardware Co.. Import era and Deal-
Lr. EGEN, S".X SoSlw?? A§ g er. *_ _______ *° 3 Market: __ Main "*•
.lon St.. cor. _r. Tatephona Main 561; , * iron _ QIJSDpRS
BO LER MAKERS. Writer-, dry Morton SHedley. Pro. <_
EUREKA BOILER WORKS, _^__^___f___^&
W. J. 81-.ADV. Proprietor. j - . , ,
.peel*'. Attention Paid to Repair* and Ship | PAPER DEALERS.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST. i WILLAMETTE "722 mS££si ltr_,-.
__________l__± ' PRJNTI.VO. '
BOOKS AND STATIONERY. !pr r HI I f_ F'-FQ PRINTER.
THE .AN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY.. , - c ' "* - ;c * "" ° •— *■
.42 ,0 -so <«,■ siST-t. a»™«. i THE HICKS- JUDD CO.. _SSKSi >S?1
Periodicals. Eook. en 1 .Statlon.rT. __^ , . : ,
,_..„ .„„ „.^ ii.nv ~" STATIONFR A.NO PRINTER.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ ™™- Tele.rapb.cp * Rl - R J^P 306 Call-
J. C. WILSON & CO., »■--«*• HAK * Ki_J>-|jC fornla at.
toOO BATTERY STREET. WAREHOaSE.MEN.
Telephone Main IS6-. THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.
" : rono.uSMiTH ■ F.rwardlr.ir Agents and p ibllc "WelKhera. Qea-
COPPEHSMITH. cr _ ] storage. Fre. and Gc-ln Warehouses. <*en-
.'r?T*rT! POX, Supt. H. HI.TTTT. M_-r »ral office. 710 (."alifornlf. *. Tel. Main pit.
C. W. Smith. Ship Plum bin ;_. Steambont ■ ._.„.—-.- _,_** c»t-f:_.M mil
itnd Ship Work o Specialty. 16 and 13 WHITe ASH STEAM COAL.
Vkashinaion St. Telephone. .Main 5641. Mined by tha
— — — *~ ~~ ! BLACK PIAMOXD i.OAli ,>4IN*INO CO. at its
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. \ ° GREEN RIVER <*__ LJ.IERIE3.
tic* cftVL". t Till bnlpplne Butchers. IM I* th* Be;, coal 11. xba Market.
JAi- EU-C3 (I UP., Clay. Tel. Main l?-* ' Of tic* and Yard.-.6.> Main .-.-.-—I.
f fe^ssiircs THf ■ W/rFKI V PSI I
M*rffaJ_\tt2& _____!**_. Catabllabea _M J- C_4l «-_-&*_ I 8 111
tAilr ? iw« In 1854 for the treatment Private , I 111 t'a I I ll 8 IiMIS
_j»-/ f**__-W Dlseiises, Lost Manhood Debility :I 1 1 1 1 1 II I _,_ | UllLal_il
BC^^SSv!^ disease v.-oaricg oil body and mind ,■■■•"■••■ /
___W_H__ .kin Diseases. I'he doctor cures when ! . •
_?-ffS^Xs?l otheisfall Try him. Chargrea low I _.
tvS-_^-_____J <'urpaeuari.-itoc.il Callorwrlt" ' Mil r__*f» &S\X*m
[ »r. j.*-. Miutftßt. lanrsOMs _r__-_g_- ; * a * p vl * *»^t*» •
DEGREE OF HOJFOR.
The Grand Chief Appoints Her Depw-
ties for the Current Year.
Mrs. Viola S. Norman of Santa Ana.
grand chief of honor of the Degree of
Honor. A. O. U. \Y.. has appointed th»*
, following named as her deputies for the
! current year: l^-retta Donnelly of No. 1.
."fi." lodges 1, 2, 4. 33. S9 and 90; Minnie Ba
| con of No. 6, for lodges 6. 57. 60. 69 and
92; Nellie G. Crawley of No. 3. for her own
■■ lodger Lucy Genis of No. 11, for her lodge;
EL L. C v'tnius of 34. for lodges 34 and SI:
! Ella M. Crossman of No. 39. for lodges
39 93 and ** Jennie E. Jackson of No.
ii for that lodge: Mollie E. Schrode of
No. 10, for l<*.'ges 53, 56 and 71; E. A. Rich
mond'of 54. V" lodges 54 and 76; Mary
1 Campbell of No, 55. for that lodge; Char
lotte Harris of & Lea* P- Duke °' 64.
Carrie Kresge of 6b, LHhe of "'
Helen Bare of 70. £*\**» Featerston of J3.
j Susie Shaffer of 78, X'-'ry E. Gardner ....
SO. Katherine Brown of K. |"S? - Hinckley
of 86 Clara Ruggles of >**v,if r %.£ c g
',1 Mar- X Marx of Si. Ella Ole OI 9.,.
Mrs M F. r '.l Chivo.fof 44.XlOttie Snauldrng
of" 45 and Jemima Allen of 4. f or their re
! spective lodges: Eva D. Ar*V" of S3, for
I lodges 83 and 63, and Sarah F- m __^_*__
17. for lodges 65 and 17. ™*?; t juries
will have charge of the nsta!! anions and
i attend to the duties specially ltnyosca uy
\ the laws of the order.
Bank Clearings.
NEW YORK. July 7.— The following tdC*'*?.
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank ele__'
inp-s at all principal cities for the week endeA
July 7. with the percentage of Increase and de-^
crease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentaee.
Cities— Inc * D *"° -
New York $1.035.'427.457 40.6
Bcston 137.094. 024 2/.0
Chicago 124.017,559 27.0
Philadelphia 111.329.03. . '.
St. Louis 25,664.399 -**
Pittsburg 21.252.i28 61
Baltimore W. 238.9- 16.8
Pan Francisco 16.73-.5.4 -*9.9 ~--
Cincinnati 13.992.800 3.4 .-;
Kansas City -*•___■*'_] 8.1 ..-
New Orleans 6.828.382 1-.8 .....
Minneapolis 9.0-8.825 29.8 ....
Detroit 6.946,605 .... "
Cleveland 9.169.998 .... 28. 1
Louisville 8.206.07. 15.4
Providence 6.-38.200 ' 4p. 4
.Milwaukee 4.-22,548 15.0
Pt Paul 4,093.307 39.
Buffalo ' 5.006,644 36.2 ....
Omaha 6.188.637 .... M.l
Indianapolis 6.159,771 is. 9
Columbus. 0 5.104,000 42.3
Savannah 2.008.102 46.2 ....
Denver *** 72 *' .... 3-1
Hartford *__s*_S 2.7
Richmond 3. 7-1.. 11-4 ....
Memphis 1.376.790 .... '■»
Washington 2.-53.213 23.4
Peoria 2,173.886 -2.
Rochester 1.933.220 4.3
: New Haven 1.179.394 34..
Worcester 1.623.796 9.2
, Atlanta 1.306.791 ....
Salt Lake City 2,289.210 39.9 ....
! Springfield, Mass... 1,4*1.888 .... 3L3
' Fort Worth 1.734.869 ..6
! Portland. Me LS S*SS i' 4
Portland. Or 1.4.5.539 .... 8.7
St Joseph 2.C23.035 3.1
Los Angele. 1.681.79. 6.2
Norfolk 1.212.227 36.1 ....
Syracuse 1.193.911 ... »■'
Pcs Moines 1.478.483 52.
Nashville 1.2G7.044 17.7
Wilmington. Del... .»*>,C37 9.6
Fall River 630.564 17.. ...-
Scranton 995.309 30.2
Grand Rapids 1,038,314 16.4
Augusta. Ga 890,489 82.0 ....
Lowell 504.524 ... 2d. 3
Dayton. 0 985.653 21.3
Seattle 2.119.0"!- 22.
Tacoma .',-",767 .... —
Spokane 1.198.782 69.6
Sioux City 763.122 17.. ....
New Bedford 395.626 .... 15.3
Knoxvllle, Term .. 836. 36.8
Topeka 473,340 12.8
Birmingham 504.633 40.0
Wichita 416.077 19.6
Pdrphamton 3<"4.800 4.9
Lexington. Ky 420.199 2.4 ....
Jacksonville. Fla.. 162.236 .... 1-8
Kalamazoo 351.100 40.4
Akron 387.900 43.9
Chattarfoof-a 373.9(51 »-_
Rockford. 11l 2^.2*0 _■*
Canton. O f 36.700 3*.8
ngfleld, O 32.1.6*3 .2.9
Fargo. N. D 245.314 1.2
I Sioux Falls. P. D.. 1*5.735 46.4
Hastings, Neb 143.617 __-. ....
Fremont. Neb ,}-.}_- Van
Davenport J- SIS' SS 16. «
I Toledo . 2.147.121 ,1.1
Galveston 4.936.»K) 6.1
Houston *-t__\ S " 3
Youngstown, O. .. "*«•>. .... —
Evansvlllie «t»j 11
Helena .:.::.:. 534.517 ' 29.0
Macon £-»-«*» 19 "*
Little Rock 384.428 .... ....
' Totals. U. S $1,652.294.237 34.5
Total? outside of
New Tort 61R.866.750 25.1
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $ 13. =66.003 • .;"i
Toronto 11,211.932 13.3
Winnipeg **•!__ 32 J * 8 * 5
Halifax *•__•_£
Hamilton ** s^'_2?
St.- John.* N. 8...... 615.831
! Vancouver. B. C... 731.119
Victoria, B. C """"■■ft- -■-- •■•
--' Totals $ 29.231.773 5.9
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery treet
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
287 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
£15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
100 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets: open until 9 o'clock. —
MEETING XO'l'ld'S. j
CALIFORNIA Chapter No 5. R. A. M.. «
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) 'y ,m_T_f
ING. July S. at 7:30 o'clock. P.' M a S d /V>
Al E M. degrees. By order of the 11. '~r *<
I. " FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
PUBLIC Installation of the officers °^_\M
Golden Gate Encampment No. -L-_?* X
0. F.. THIS (SATURDAY) EVBN-A
ING July 8, 1599 In Memorial Hall. Q.f "*>
F. building. All odd Fellows and their friends
axe cordially Invited. _--_--, ,- -.
CHAS. A.-STAHI-E. C. P.
HENRY ■" GEORGE. Scribe.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodge No. 2.
1. O. O. F. — Regular meeting J *3scs>i'«?e
THIS -SATURDAY) EVENING.
Third degree. A. K. KINGSFORD. M. D.
GERMANIA Lodge No. 116, I. O. -osj_%_r.
0. F.— The Funeral * Committee, . "3»s_=
the officers and members of the -7^'_^^.- '
above lodge are Invited to at- •''" ,
tend the funeral of our late brother, RU-
DOLPH WAECHTER, on SUNDAY. July 9.
at 1:30 p. m., from O. V. Hall, corner Seventh
and Market its JNO. R. HAACKE, N. G. '
EMIL NIEMEIER. R. S.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railway Company
villi be held at the office of the company. No. f
321 Market st., San Francisco, Cat, on
TUESDAY, the ISth day of July. 1899. at the
hour of 2 p. m.. for the purpose of electing a
Board of Directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FHEILING'S rile salve. $1 per
!b-x: warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching. external. Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devisadero st, near Sutter.
MARIA KIP Orphanage. 520 Lake St., S. P.,
hereby gives notice that the following or- ■
phans and half orphan girls have been re-
ceived in the orphanage from April 1 to June
30. 1899: Lavlna Chapman, - yt*ars; Alice .
Sweet, 6 years; Ellen Kempner, 1 year S
months: Ethel Hooper, 6 years; Nell Rose ;
Hindeman. 11 years 4 months; Eliza Buckow,
11 years 3 months: Florence Irvine, 4 years;
Irene Irvine. S years.
. —
THE Pacific Hebrew orphan Asylum and Home •
Society hereby give notice that they have ad-
mitted into the orphanage from January 1, 1599.
to June 30, 1899. the following named orphans
and half-orphans, boys and girls: Morris !
Harris, 9 yrs. 7 mos.; Cecile Daniels, 12 yrs. 2
mos.: Sarah L iwenstein. 9 yrs. 9 mos. : Bessie
Silverman. S yrs. 7 mos.; Elkan Gross. 5 yrs.
6 ni - ; Berthold Rankin. 11 yrs. 11 n.os. ;
Nellie Baekel, 11 yrs. 9 mos.; Sarah Blame,
10 yrs 6 mos.; Bertha Wolff. 11 yrs. 8 injs. ;
Alexander Meyer. 11 yrs. 7 mos.; Benjamin ;
Harris. 11 yrs. 10 mos. ; Joseph Lowenstein, 5
yrs. 7 mos.; Fannie Silverman, 5 yrs. 8 mos. ;
Sieg. Cross, 4 yrs. 2 mos.; Richard Sittig, 6
vrs. 4 mos.; Philip Baekel. 6 yrs. 2 mos. ; An-
nie Blame, S yrs. 9 mos.; Milton Wolff, 10
yrs. 4 mos. :; "
ABANDONED children in St. Joseph's Infant :
Orphan Asylum, from January 1, IS9S, to July l
1, 1899: Antone -Nicholas, age 3 yrs.; Joseph |
Baraco. age 4 yrs. : Josie Truman, age 4 yrs.; |
Annie Truman, age 3 yrs.: Nellie Shakespeare, ; -
age 5 yrs. ; Maggie Shakespeare, age 4 yrs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION :
CO.. 415 Montgomery st. rooms 9-10: tel 552".
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Savings and Loan So-
ciety, 101 Montgomery st.. corner of Sutter.
The board of directors declared a dividend I (
for the half year ending June 30, 1899, at the
rate of three and eighty-four one hundredths
(3.84) per cent per annum on term deposits
and three and twenty hundredths (3.20) per •
cent per annum en ordinary deposits, free of '
taxes, and payable on and after Saturday,
July 1, 1839. Dividends not called for are ;
added to and bear the same rate of divi- •
dend as the principal from and after July l,
1899. CYRUS W. CARMANY'. Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice— The Continental Building
and Loan Association of California, 222 San-
some -it., has declared for the six months
ending June 30. 1899. a dividend of 6 per
cent per annum on ordinary' deposits. 7 per
cent on one-year term deposits, 10 per cent
to class *'F" stock, and 14 per cent to class
"A" stock. WM CORBIN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 5 (30 cent,
per chare), of the Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Company will 1- payable at the office of the
company. 327 Market st . on an.i after MON-
DAY. July '". 1899. Transfer ho,,k» will close
on MONDAY. July 3. 1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, IS;
Geary St.— The directors have declared the j ■
following semi-annual dividends; 4 per cent :
per annum on term and $ 1-3 per cent per ;
annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1. 1899.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
ORPHI Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
SITUATIONS YVANTED— FEMALE.
WOMAN with a child desires situation, city or
country. MISS l ULLEN, 325 Sutter st
YOUNG lady, English, would like to wait upon
and be a companion to elderly or invalid lady;
good home: small salary. Address MISS
NICHOLS, 128 Hollls st., Oakland. "
WANTED— By a middle-aged widow with a lit-
tle girl 11 years of age, a position as house-
' keeper in widower's family: best of refer-
ences. . Call or address 644 Waller. nr. Scott.
REFINED lady, kind to children, wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper or traveling companion.
Call Golden West Hotel, Ellis St., room 56,
between 10 and 2.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework, city or country: will
work for moderate wages. 10 Stockton pi.,
off Grant aye.. bet. Post and Sutter.
GOOD German cook and pastrymaker wants
.employment in boarding house or private
family; wages $20 to $25. Address L.. CO2
Howard st. ,
SITUATION wanted by man and wife: man
good meat and pastry cook ln hotel, board-
ing house or resort. Address box 472. Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED -By a bright young lady, position
as cashier, copyist or office work; best of
recommendations; wages no object. Ad-
dress box 4874, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS accountant wishes work at
home; bookkeeping, bills, etc.; terms reason-
able. Box 4877, Call.
AN English lady would like to take care of
rooming house; can give good reference. Ap-
ply 207 Jones st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 821 Mission st, room 1.
YOUNG girl wishes situation as cook and do
general housework, ("all 223 Polk st
REFINED working housekeeper desires situa-
tion; country. Box 4875, Call office.
LADY wishes sewing and mending at home.
Call 150 Fourth St., room 12.
RESPECTABLE North German nurse wants
to take full charge of grown children; coun-
try' preferred. Address box 4S&B, Call.
NEAT girl wishes a place; upstairs work or
assist in housework and children. Call 2120
Lombard st., near Fillmore; call 2 days.
FIRST-CLASS cook (colored woman) wants
cooking by the day, especially for parties.
Call or address Cook, 2^l'i Baker st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; houseelean-
ing, washing or Ironing; handy with sewing.
2245 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper desires position;
best references. Address box 4890, Call.
OLD lady would like place ln country to do
light housework; wages no object. 139 Clara.
WANTED— By a young woman, work by the
day. Address 208 Drumm st.
YOUNG girl wishes to assist In light house-
work. Address box (885, Call office.
NORTH German girl wishes a situation as
_econd girl or general housework; wages $20
to $25. Please apply at 731 Brannan at., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED— By an old woman, housework in a
small family; is used to cooking* 1 city or
country. 760 Folsom st.
YOUNG woman would like plain sewing to do;
would go out by the day. 149 Taylor st, room
14. second floor. MRS. E. BALDWIN.
YOUNG German woman, lately from the East.
wishes position as housekeeper. Address 528
Fourth st. '• .
GERMAN woman wants to go out by the day;
reasonable. Address 392 Fifth st.
AN elderly lady wishes position to do light
housework; small wages. 29 Eddy, room 40.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 night: $1 60 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; tree 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry, -;._ '...
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 424.
GERMAN man and wife would like to take
charge of small place In the country; man a
good farmer and wlnen-.aker: wife a good
cook; can give good references. H. S.. St.
George Hotel. 812 Kearny Bt.
POSITION wanted in Turkish bath sanitarium
or hospital by first-class masseur; recognized
by medical authority and willing to stand
examination. Address box 4579. Call.
FRANCO-SWISS cook wants employment;
moderate wages. Address Franco-Swiss. 725
Sansome st.
COOK as second wants work; understands
plain hotel work; lirst-class bread baker,
pies cakes, etc.; young man can work brick
ovens; write; wages $30 up. Baker, 1.3 Minna
st., city
FIRST-CLASS practical landscape gardener
wishes situation on private place; flrst-cla.s
references from very prominent people of
California and Eastern States. Address Is.
H., 377 East Julian st., San Jose. Cal.
GROCERY, bar. young Irishman, home and
colonial experience, wants situation as as-
sistant: excellent testimonials; wages mode-
rate. Box 4SS9. Call office.
WANTED— Window or house cleaning or other
work; have eight hours every day to spare:
city references. ANDERSEN. 952 Bush st;
tel. East 963.
COMPETENT man wishes position as coach-
man, gardener or any position around private
place: references. Sox 4915. Call.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
C HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
4 waitresses for Yellowstone Park, $18: free
fare from Portland both ways. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st
C R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant ISS
35 waitresses for Southern California spring
resorts and Santa Cruz, $20 and $25: 3 wait-
resses, city, 620; 4 chambermaids to wait, city
and country, $20; 3 cooks, $25 and $30; fancy
Ironer, $25 and found; marker and distributor,
$25 and found, country, fare advanced if nec-
essary; fancy ironer, city, $30; mangier, $15,
for hotel laundry.
•FAMILY ORDERS.
Cook for small family, Healdsburg, $25, see
party here, free fare one way; woman with
a boy 5 or 6 years old for ranch, $15, see
party here; and many cooks and house girls
for city. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
WANTED— IS waitresses for summer resorts,
hotels and restaurants, $20 and $5 and $6 a
week; 5 second girls, different nationalities,
$20 and $25; German and French nurses, $20;
cooks, $30; housework girls, $20 and $25; laun-
dresses, $1 50 a day; and hundreds of other
places: work for all who want work. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, same hotel. $20 per month;
country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st
WORKING housekeeper, springs. $12; fare paid.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for chamberwork and
general work; mountain resort; $20; fare
paid. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
i WAITRESSES, $20; resorts and country ho-
tels. HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery St.,
room 12.
WANTED— A silver girl, wages $20 a month.
Apply JOHNSON'S CREAMERIE, 725 Mar-
ket st. -■- V
WANTED— A young girl to assist in house-
work and care of children; wages $15. Call
TD Steiner st.
WANTED— neat young girl for general
housework; family of 3; washing given out;
wages $10. all between 9 and 12 at 1950 Bush.
WANTED— A girl to work in laundry: ex-
perience not necessary. Apply at 251 Jessie
St., Mercantile Towel Co., bet. S and 9 o'clock.
WANTED— about 15 to assist at house-
work and care of baby: 3 in family; state
wages. Box .880, Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED middle-aged woman; light
chamberwork; sleep home"; wages $S. 578
Howard St., corner Second.
WANTED A first-class waitress for country
home; references required. 813 O'Farrell st,
from 10 to 12 a. m.
— First-class waitress; references re-
quired. Address 813 O'Farrell st.
GOOD waitress wanted at 846 Valencia 6t
YOUNG girl for candy store. 44 Fourth st.
TAILORESS and apprentices wanted; steady
work. 2SIS Greenwich st.
HANDS with factory experience to make wrap-
pers at h,ome. STEUER. 109 Battery st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist ln light house-
keeping. 2635 Mission st.
EXPERIENCED canners wanted. Apply Im-
mediately California Canneries Co.. Ltd.,
Brannan st., between Third and Fourth.
-__^£ ;
LADIES wanted everywhere to tribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup;
$2 per day and expenses paid; .-ash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— A reliable German girl to take
care of children and do upstairs work;
wages $15. Call In the forenoon at 120 Brod-
erick st . bet. HaigMt and Page.
REFINED Protestant woman to take full
charge of and teach 3 children; also music; j
country town; salary $25; references. Address \
box 4903, Call offlce.
NEAT young girl wanted for general house-
work and plain cooking; German or French
preferred. 3 Belvedere St.. or Inquire 1803
Haight st., ln butcher shoa.
Al PUPILS for select milllr.ery school; trade
thoroughly taught; satisfaction guaranteed;
terms easy; evening classes. i."'" Leaven?
OPERATORS and finishers on gents' custom
shirts; steady work; good pay. ROGER-
SON'S, 535 Valencia st.
GIRL for general housework and assist with
cooking. Apply 567 Geary st, after 11 a. m.
daily.
WAITRESS wanted ln restaurant. 113 Turk
street.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
OPERATORS on overalls! LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 32% Fremont St.; apply to Mr. Davis.
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
NO OFFICE FEE
50 MEN WANTED
FOR THE COAST R. ROAD
FREE FARE
$1 75 to $2 50 per day
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
EMPLOYMENT AGENTS,
104 Geary st
RAILROAD camp cook, $65, free fare; broiler.
$50; fry cook, $50; 2 second cooks. $.'<*■; butcher,
$50, butcher, $11 a week, both with hotel or
restaurant experience; kitchen crew, 3 men,
for a small summer resort, $100; fry cook,
$40: night potwasher, $6 a week; dishwashers
and kitchen help, $20 and $25; second baker,
country shop. $35 and found
LAUNDRY HELP
2 Ironers $35 and found each; washer. $35 and
found, for Lake Tahoe. free fare; marker
and distributer, country, $30 and found;
ironer, $30 and found; Ironer. city, $30 and
found; polisher, $30 and found; polisher and
starcher, $30 and found
2 waiters, same summer resort, $25; waiter,
635
6 colored waiters, $25, free fare
Farmer and wife, $35; farmers, $35 and found;
blacksmith, $2 a day and board; choreman,
hotel. $15; assistant gardener, springs, $15. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
NO OFFICE* FEE
, FARE ADVANCED
WANTED
60 laboring men, no experience, for a con- "
struction company, $2 a day: board $4 a week;
3 months' job; ship Tuesday, July 11; call and
engage daily before then
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. ■
WANTED— 4 men to build fence. $2 to $2 25
day, free fare; 2 carpenters for mine, $3 day,
fare paid one way: quartz miners, . $2 50 day
and $2 and board; farmers, $1 28 day; milkers
for steady work, $25; laborers for woods, $26
and beard; 3 blacksmiths, $2 .day and board
and $2 50 day; pUilryman and wife and many
others for different kinds of work at going
wages. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— small resort,. s3o; cook, small
country hotel, $25; restaurant second cooks;
hotel waiters, country. 625; kitchen men; pot-
washers; kitchen man for camp, $20; vege-
table man and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 StoeWton st. Wanted-
Cook, family hotel, $60; 3 cc\ks, $.5 to $50; 5
day and night dishwashers, «Yy and country.
$16 to $30; 2 col. waiters, $30; gardener, $30;
gardener, $20; dairyman, $25. Call and see list
BARKEEPER. $30: waiter. $25; potwasher,
$20; dishwasher, $20; kitchen man, $20; colored
waiters, $25, for country* hotels. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 26 Montgomery st, room 12.
Lyon st; reward.
WANTED— SO first-class carpenters, wages $3
per day, 3 months' job; board, $4 50 per week;
a man with a box of carpenters' tools and a
copy of this advertisement will be passed to
Job by presenting same to tug Vigilant, pier i
7, on the 7:30 a. m. trip to Goat Island.
CAMPBELL & PETTUB.
EXPERIENCED cappers snd leak menders
wanted for country cannery. Apply immedi-
ately, 123 California st, room 14. i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
HELP AVANTED— MALE.
PAINTER, $2 60 day; 6 stablemen, $35, $30, $25
and found; 2 foremen for gangs of laborers;
"see boss here." MURRAY & READY, 631
and 636 Clay st. • "
FREE, FREE ,•••
To SAWMILLS AND WOODS
....EVERYBODY'S GOING. ARE Y0U?....
INTO 14 DIFFERENT COUNTIES IN CALI-
• FORNIA -
MEN TO HANDLE LUMBER, LABORERS,
ETC
.89 Different positions ,
$90, $SO, $70, $65, $60. $40
$30 PER MONTH FOUND
MURRAY & READY .-
634 AND 636 CLAY ST
FREE TO-DAY
FREE— EVERY* DAY'— FREE
TO EVERY RAILROAD IN CALIFORNIA
DRILLER, TEAMSTERS, LABORERS, SEC-
TION HELP <■
GREAT CROWD GOING DAILY. ARE YOU?
WAGES FROM $:: A DAY'
BOARD AND BED $4 50 WEEK
MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 CLAY ST
COOKS WAITERS ..DISHWASHERS
Cook and wife; free fare; plain house
$50 and found
Cook and wife; wife as chambermaid
$40 and found
27 cooks for hotels, mines, camps, restaurant,
boarding houses, etc., $55, $4.*,, $30, $33, $40; $25;
found: also second and third hands
12 waiters 630, $25, 20 and found
5 waiters for mines and camps. .63o and found
19 Dishwashers, etc $25. 620, 615 and found
MURRAY & READY, i \:i and 636 Clay St.
BAKERS PORTERS BUTCHERS
Pastry baker for a mine $30 and found
12 bakers, Ist, 2nd, 3rd hands: also boys
$40, $35, $30, $25, $20, 15 and found
7 butchers for different jobs •
$3?,, $30, $25 and found
PORTERS. ...HALL BOY'S PANTRYMEN
LAUNDRYMEN
Hog butcher. $52 MURRAY & READY
634 and 636 Clay St
BOOKKEEPER who ls a fair typewriter and
stenographer; $10 and found; for a ranch;
steady Job; single man. MURRAY' & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
COME UNTO MURRAY & READY "...
Phone Main 6808
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
ALL YE THAT LABOR, AND THEY WILL
GIVE YOU WORK AT BIG WAGES
24 laborers, fare SOc, no experience $60
27 laborers, fare 30c, no experience $60
18 4-horse teamsters, fare $140 -'-"J *•*'>
6 laborers for a factory 61 "6 day
GOVERNMENT WORK
6 laborers, fare 20c 8 hours' work
FARMS DAIRIES
94 farm, qrchard and "vineyard hands, $30, $26.
$25 and $20 and found, for all parts of Cali-
fornia
27 milkers and butter makers
$30 and $25 and found
CHOREMEN AND BOY'S
25 choremen and boys for farms. $26. $25, $20,
615 and $10 and found; steady good jobs
WORK IN SAN FRANCISCO
Driver milk wagon Driver butcher wagon
6 2-horse teamsters -.
$26 and found and $175 day
22 laborers, city job $26 and found
6 laborers, board home $1 75 day
FIREMEN
3 foremen for a mine 630 and found
MACHINISTS.... BLACKSMITHS
3 machinists, country, good steady jobs
$3 50 day
9 blacksmiths, horseshoers. etc.. also 4 help-
ers. $2 50 and $2 day and $50, $45 and $35 and
found ;
STEEL BRIDGE HELP
6 shopmen, experience on steel bridge and
structural work; call early
..STABLEMEN, BOY'S, FRUIT PICKERS..
3 stablemen and buggy washers. s3s and found
5 boys for trades, shops, etc
$4. $3 50 and $3 week
MEN .AND WIVES .'.
6 men and wives and cooks and wives. $35,
$40 and 630 and found
DRILLERS AND TUNNELMEN
10 men as drillers and tunnelmen $3 day
TO THE MINES
36 laborers (no experience required), $60, $30,
$40. 630 and found and $2 40 day
5 gold miners 6 slate splitters
MURRAY' & READY. 634 and 636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS GOVERNMENT WORK
5 carpenters, 8 hours' work, steady Job; $3
day. MURRAY' & READY. 634 and 656 Clay.
HAY AND HARVEST HELP
Men for hay and harvest- fields. $2 50. $2, $1 50
and $1 and found: help for private family and
gardeners
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 626 Clay st.
AN American boy to work in Office and store;
one with some "knowledge of office work pre-
ferred. Address In own handwriting, stating
age, etc. Box 4<-76, Call. -._-■
WANTED— A good job printer on the U. S.
flagship Philadelphia. Apply on the Phila-
delphia, Navy Yard, Mare Island.
BOY wanted to work in large cigar factory;
one who has had experience preferred. Ad-
dress box 4S7S. Call office.
WANTED— Two flrst-class blacksmith helpers
or finishers. Apply to A. BCEISTER & SONS,
Sacramento, Cal.
— First-class laborers for solid labor-
ing. Apply with references UTICA
CLEANSING CO.. 21 Spear St.
WANTED- A goo,] barber for Saturday and
Sunday. 458 Bryant st
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
1211 Market st.
BARBER wanted: $3. .89 Third St.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
131 Third St.
BARBER wanted. 131 Second st.
BARBER w-fhted. 321 Eighth at.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $4 guar-
anteed. 108 Fourth st.
. i
GOOD barter for Saturday. 623 Clay st
BARBER wanted for Saturday; wages $3. 52
Seventh St.
BARBER a good workman, wanted; steady
job. 120 Geary st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
848 Valencia st.
BARBER for Saturday, and Sunday; apprentice
steady. 715% .Davis st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; wages $3.*
152 Third st. *»
WANTED— starchwork Ironers at Union
Laundry, Sacramento. .
MAN and wife for farmwork. 1021% Market st.
6 LABORERS at Railroad and Seventeenth
ayes., South San Francisco.
GOOD lunch waiter wanted tn coffee house.
517 Montgomery st.
THIRD-HAND baker. Inquire at 332 Sutter St.
SECOND cook for restaurant. 112 Fourth st. ;
Call early.
WANTED Strong boy about 18 to learn to
press on custom pants. 411% Kearny, top fl.
WANTED 4 good sheet Iron workers. TAY-
LOR, ADAMS & PRITCHARD, 12 Market.
APPLY Immediately. California Canneries
Co.. Ltd., Brannan st, between Third and
Fourth.
GOOD salesman wanted to sell a line of dry
goods, retail and country trade; fine side line;
big commission. CHESTNUT, PENN &
STREET. Manufacturers, 203-11-13 lonic st,
Philadelphia, Pa.
WEAVERS— 3 fancy weavers. San Jose Woolen
Mills. 523 Market st, bet 12 and 1 o'clock.
BOY 16 years old to help on baker wagon, $2
a week and found. 1117 Howard st
ELLIS. 321 (Rosedale House)— rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
FIRST-CLASS «netal spinner and tinsmith
wanted; steady work. 685 Mission st.
WANTED— A man who understands his busi-
ness as deputy organizer for one of the best
fraternal orders ln the United Stales; oniy
those who are capable and mean business need
apply. Call on or address DR. W. M. PARK. ■
24 Sixth St.. San Francisco, Cal. Offlce hours,
10 a. m. to 1:30 p. m. '
TEAMS wanted to work on 'the canal being
built at Sunol by the Spring Valley Water
Works. Apply at the stables. Fourteenth and
Guerrero sts.. San Francisco, or on work at
Sunol.
WANTED— hundred and fifty men on grad-
ing for railroad bet Truckee and Lake Ta-
hoe: wages $2. TRUCKEE & LAKE TAHOE
TRANSPORTATION CO. Apply at Truckee.
TO go this week— pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new, from 50c to $1 50; new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st..
bet. Ist and 2d Bts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MEN to learn barber trade; $15 weekly made
after 8 weeks; call or 'write for free Illus-
trated- catalogue. MOLER'S Barber College,
635 Clay st
MEN wanted— Laborers, drilimen and team-
sters on railroad work; fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN. 302 Mont-
gomery st ■'■■ ■
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 50 per week. Apply
E. B. STONE'S camp, near Grant station, on
Valley Road. • : : : n : .
SALESMAN: city and country; staple goods;
factory to consumer. 1171 Mission st
BRIGHT boy wanted. _£>out 17. to learn trade.
CARSON GLOVE CO.. 305 Market st.
GET your shoes half soled while waiting. 350 to
COc. 562 Mission st, between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED Hammermen at Point Richmond;
wagea $2 25 per day; board, $4 50 week, '1
... *
HELP WANTED— MALE.
WANTED--! ilst7-fb7ut^7~EMPIRE LAUNDRY
CO., 733 Bryant st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed R.ollUn, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. __
WANTED— men to find clean, central, cheap
rms., 25c,' 50c night; hkpg., $1 25 up. 88 3d at.
WANTED— Men can learn the barber trade for
$5 at 1542 Market St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 15c and 23c
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 13S'_ Eighth at.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 563% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st. below Sixth,
for a room; 250 a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to nnd from the ferry.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room*" bath, if possible; not far
from center of city. Box 4685. Call.
ROOMS AND HOARD WANTED.
j BOARD, rooms, for three ln private family;
central; moderate; state terms. Box 4881,
Call office.
AVANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To hire 100 flrst-class scraperteams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst. _______________
WANTED— Martin concert guitar. Address
_ Guitar, 2621 Pine st.
ROLLER top desk: second-hand; must be flne.
Box 1688. Call office. ■
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
MAYERLE'S eye water; a new discovery for
weak, sore. inflamed, itching, watery, burning,
painful and overstrained eyes and nerves: by
•nail soc. German Optical Institute, 1071% Mar-
ket. S. F. Wanted— Reliable agt. in every State.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients
with every comfort, convenience of a hospital
and privacy of a home; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment. $5; no Instru-
ments used; satisfaction guaranteed or money
refunded by MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy
st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; offlce hours, 10 to
12. 2 to 4 and 7to S. Sundays by appointment
only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed: travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home in conflnement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post st. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or Irregularity: disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers feated; no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 122. Market st;
pills, $1; very strong, $2.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cause: positively no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at offlce, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st, between j
Mason and Taylor: office hours, 9 to 6 and 7 j
to Bp. m. : Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci- [
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause: every woman her own physician; no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe: call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $". ; restores in 1 day and |
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice 37 years.
DR. POPPER. 218 Kearny st.
' — — -•
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free; .-all or write. 1023% Market st. ...•,-
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 704-760 Clay st, San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used:
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; well
known, reliable, safe and sure; maternity
home; no Instruments; consultation free and
confidential; home treatment, $5. MRS. AL-
LEN, 22S Van Ness aye.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MERITO, Sure, safe preventive; married ladles
■ try it- price $1. sample box 25c: write for cir-
cular.Merito Mfg/C0.,227 Leavenworth sc.s.F.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 2154 Mason st—
Private home in confinement; ladies' friend
in tronble: terms reas.; call and he convinced.
DU PRAE'S Female Regulating Pills; safe and
efficient rmmenagogue; $1 per box. RICH-
ARDS & CO., druggists, 406 Clay, sole agts.
DR. AND MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home in conflnement; babies
adopted Into good homes.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; pleasant sunny home
In confinement. 156 Second St.; tel. Green 52.
DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason St.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States postpaid, for 31 per year.
HORSES.
FOR sale— Horse. 5 years old; very gentle; j
good roadster; buggy and harness, 4450
Eighteenth st, corner Douglass.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday. I
SyLLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. _
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road. business I
and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall, suc-
cessors Kllllp & Co.; salesyard. 1732 Market.
FOR sale— s3o; dark bay horse; 7 years: 16
hands; 1100 pounds; good roadster. 1715 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Horse for milk wagon. 214 Elm
aye. JEWETT BROS.
FANCY carriage, sad lie and road horses. DAL-
ZIEL. veterinary dentist. 605 Golden Gate.
CHEAPEST and best in America The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
• United States or Canada one year for $1,
r.ostntre paid. -**
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN &-, SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and. horses. 1140 Folsom st.
SEWING MAC MINES. '
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
■ CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Spear st.
ATTORNEY'S AT LAW.
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing. 825-855 Market at; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARKE-Emma Spreckjls building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop..
722 Mission; goods guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Offlce. 401 Post st, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021%; Market st, bet Sixth and Seventh.
PERSONALS.
LADIES— Big cut in prices; $6 Ypsilanti union
suits, $3; equestrian tights, 25c. OBER'S, 34
Geary st. ?.y .'-;■-■ '
A— LADIES' tailor-made suits to order at
• wholesale figures. KRAMER. 20 Sansome st.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights ln every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third st., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THERE is but one Lederer; his hairdressing
parlors are thronged; best work but 25c;
switches, $1 up; hair rolls, 10c; very longest,
only 30c. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S QUINTONICA Is a perfect hair
tonic; does not change the color of the hair
and removes dandruff. 123 Stockton st.
$1 PER week for lady's suit, jacket or cape,
gentleman's suit or overcoat. Eastern Out-
fitting Co., 1306 Stockton St., near Broadway.
T. BRILLIANT, 333-340 Post St., will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 610 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
LADIES— A big cut in prices; $6 Y'psilantl
union suits, $3; equestrian tights, 25c.
OBER'S. 34 Geary st.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin. sl4 Pine, ab.Krny.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to or-
der at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 San-
some st.
A— Ladles' or gent's clothing, furniture bought,
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS, 1023 Fclsom st.
LADIES' tailor-made suits; $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. ; open evenings.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOS TANI, 313 Sutter st.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1
postpage paid. ■
DRESSMAKERS.
387 GEARY st— Dresses made. $5 up; dresses
made over; perfect fit; organdies and lawns.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant: treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send
stamp f.r circular. Offices, 232 Stockton, bet.
Post and Geary; sittings. $1; diagnosis free.
ARRIVED— Prof. Haley, medium; tells your
life from cradle to grave; SOc, $1 up. 106 Tay-
lor St., parlors 3-5.
MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mon.. 8; -25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
ing; ladies, SOc; gents, $1; sit., $1 30. 126 Turk.
WONDERFUL success; Mme. Cllngman. from
New York; scientific palmistry, astrologlst;
readings, 50c and $1. 513 Tenth St.. Oakland.
MME. HANSON, card reader and palmist; past,
present and future, 25c. 14S Sixth st, room 12.
MISS A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
palmist and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
MRS. SOPHIE SEIP. reliable psychometrist;
25c. Sun., Tues., Fri., at 8; 10c. 1724 Market.
RESPONSIBLE card reader tells your future by
cards; satisfaction guar.; 25c. 1322 Mission.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c, Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St., room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission st, clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth Ft., near Mission.
MME. 111 ELE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary' st.. ahove Jones; classes;
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mall. $1.
YOUR fate is in your hand: children half price. I
MME. GERMAJNE, 90S Market, St.. room 29.
A— MME. BUSHNELL^ the famous palmist. 916
Bush st.. between Taylor and Jones.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon some easy
pavrnents and some good pianos for $" $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter ■
Hts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY' the oldest and largest '.house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs* and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
HAINES BROS.. Baldwin and other standard
makes; second-hand. $100 up: wholesale prices
to all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
2 PIANOS, uprights, must be sold this week,
ISO and $60; great bargains. 1131U; Mission st.
OUR sneclaltv is renting pianos, organs, $1.
SCOTT, CURTAZ. £60 Hayes st.
AT $127; Stelnway upright left by party going
East. 136 Ellis st
A— sBs: UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st
CHEAP Steinway upright: also the famous
Hornung Bros." pianos. 216 McAllister st.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
•ale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
R. X! DANIELS Is now With BYRON
MAU7.-T. SOS to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up: installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.-
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento st, agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett * Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ), 16
McAllister st, next Hibernla Bank.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new stylea KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN, 193-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice' furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion st. above Sixth.
A BEAUTIFUL -'Mason" mahogany 18 ribs,
pearl inlaid mandolin; cost originally $27;
to be sold for $12. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
FOR sale cheap, a fine Jersey cow; also a 3
months old calf. 104 Congdon St., cor Trum-
bull st., nr. Mission road.
NEWFOUNDLAND, St. Bernard and Gordon
setters, also Scotch, fox, skye bull and bull
terrier pups, at 236 Montgomery aye.
DOMESTIC sowing machine: almost new; oak
finish; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
TWO fresh cows, 1 Jersey and 1 Durham;
good milkers; gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
JAPANESE pug pups; Nippon, the father, has
taken first prize at dog show. Call at 611
Jones St.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 613 Hearst building.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, planer band saw,
wood planer; 2d-hand. J. BURKE. 139 Beale.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
CAMERAS and photo supplies— A full line
selling at less than cost. 513 Hearst building.
ICE plant: 2d hand: complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. WHITE. 616 Mission.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125. 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
DRESS pants. $2 95; finesults. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery*, cor. Commercial.
A— s3 50 DERBY* and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Sacramento st.
SAFES Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes: half original i .st. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1
postpage paid.
~~~ ACCOUNTANTS.
S. K. BALLARD, 401 Cal. St.. designs, audits &
adjusts accounts for corporations & firms, ref.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
AN excellent opportunity In country for flne
saloon; lease procured; small capital; no
money to advance. LESS & CO., 765 Market.
$2200— MILK ranch, consisting of 26 cows, 31 al- .
together, 3 horses, 1 wagon. 150 chickens and
all requisites for the business; route estab-
lished 6 years; 20 cans milk dally; all good
private trade; full investigation Invited: to
the right man a bargain and a fortune in a
few. years; don't delay; owner forced to sell
account sickness. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market.
$3000— SALOON; centrally located; vicinity of
Call and Examiner: handsome place, neat and
inviting; large stock; patronage of best class;
established 21 years; best bargain in this line
to be had to-day; this Al chance worth In-
vestigating. M. LESS & CO.. 765 Market St.
$1200— OYSTER and chop house; north of Mar-
ket St., vicinity Baldwin; fine fixtures; best
class of custom; good prices for everything;
profits of concern would Justify an Invest-
ment of $1S00; full Investigation: chance in a
lifetime. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market, st.
$100— PARTNER in well-established restaurant
as cashier and attend to help; good location;
big business. M. LESS & CO.. 765 'Market st.
$SOO— CORNER grocery and bar; best part of
city; flourishing business; value in sight; full
Investigation. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
$2250— SALOON on Market St.; flrst class ln
every respect; one of the best-known, most
popular places; well established: doing excel-
lent business. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market St.
$450— Saloon; best location on city front; sell-
ing on account of sickness. R. G. WILKIE
& CO., 906 Market st., rooms 7 and 8.
A— s6so; MILLINERY store on Valencia st.. do-
ing a splendid business; first-class cash cus-
tom; flne living rooms; rent $30; proprietress
to leave the city. R. G. WILKE. 906 Market
A $300— FLORIST'S store and green house ln
Oakland; established 12 years; on main street:
well stocked; splendid paying business. Par-
ticulars R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A $000— CHOPHOUSE and coffee saloon; open
day and night; opposite Oakland ferries: es-
tablished years and doing a rushing business.
Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— sSoo; FRUIT, produce and poultry business
ln largest market ln Oakland; rent $S5: estab-
lished many years and splendid paying;
sickness of owner only cause of sale. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— ALL kind of patents for sale; bring In your
Inventions. R. G. WILKE, g I*o* Market st.
$6000— CORNER grocery and bar; very best lo-
cation; few blocks north of Market and Jones
sts.; flrst-class cash custom; horse and
wagon; owner to make a trip to Europe cause
cf sale. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 906 Market.
A— s2oo; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
$40; close to Wells-Fargo Express Co. Call
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st. -
A— sBso; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a.
flrst-class paying place; no better offer for
man and wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906 Mar-
ket st.
FOR sale solely on account of domestic diffi-
culties, an Incorporated and manufacturing
business; stock and tools will Inventory over
$4000; business has been established over 4
years; under ordinary conditions will net
from $200 to $300 per month; advertiser will
accept less than one-half of inventory cost
to effect speedy sale if consummated before
July 11. Principals only will apply at 547 Mis- i
sion st., room 8, between 3 and 5 p. m.
DELICACY store; great bargain; cause of '
sale, sickness; central. COWING, 995 Market.
A— BUTCHER shop; centrally located; flne cash
business; must sell. COWING & CO., 995 Mkt
RESTAURANT— At a great sacrifice this day.
COWING & CO., 993 Market st.
SALOON, near Market, must sell this week;
bargain. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
$150— PARTNER wanted in light business: $15
to $25 a week; trial given; no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co., 9 Geary st
$700— SALOON; bargain; other business cause
of sale. McLAUGHLIN _- CO.. 777H Market.
MILK route: an established trade in Alameda;
clearing over $70 per month; for sale, $475;
this business will stand a thorough Investiga-
tion. P. O. box 1024, Alameda, Cal.
AN offer wanted to-day for a first-class sa-
loon and cigar stand on Market St.. opposite
Seventh. Apply on premises, 1342 Market st,
or at room 10. 1 Fifth st. '/-■';
BARGAIN— if sold to-day: fixtures
worth twice the money asked: part cash, bal-
ance $10 per month; make offer. 124 Fourth.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale on account
of sickness; cheap rent; 2 living rooms. 509
Seventh st.
$1 50—1000 BILLHEADS, cards, noteheads or '
statements printed; catalogue printing. MEL
A. BLEY. 511 Sacramento St.; tel. Main 15.?.;.
CIGAR store for sale cheap; half block from
Baldwin Hotel. Box 1573, Call offlce.
RESTAURANT for sale cheap. 202 Ninth st.
SALOON with good business in good location.
Inquire 729 Montgomery st., room 9.
FOR sale— established carpenter shop;
owner retiring from business; rent cheap.
1813 Unoln st.
$500 — Partner wanted to start cigar factory in
good mining camp: money to be used In busi-
ness only. Address box 4594 Call office. .
GOOD bakery, all fitted up, In a flne location;
reasonable to right party. 2439 California st.
FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar. Wieland
Brewery, Seccnd and Folsom sts.
FOR SALE— With 5 years' lease, grocery and
bar. Post and Devisadero sts.
BUCHANAN, Large store, with brick base-
ment, suitable for grocery or liquors.
SHOEMAKER'S shop for sale: price reasona-
ble; going East. 103 Tenth st
RESTAURANT— be - Id in 10 days; owner
leaving the city. Apply Call office.
A NEW discovery for weak, c re dlschar-rine.
painful, watery, itching, burning and In-
flamed eyes and lids; for children and par-
ents: by mail. BOc. GERMAN OPTICAL IN-
STITUTE. 1071 1 - Market si . San Francisco,
Cal. Wanted— 1 reliable agent in every State.
FOR sale cheap; stock of house furnishing
goods, complete set of tinners' tools and ma-
chines: rent cheap; good Jobbing location;
20078 Fillmore st. ; reason of sale, sickness.
Call at above address.
GOOD hotel li Sacramento: doing flrst-class
business; good location; 85 regular boarders:
reason for disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
A— CIGAR stand at Invoice price; centrally lo-
cated; rent $15. Apply before 11 a. m. at res-
taurant, 10 Hayes st.
FOR sale cheap; a good hand laundry; doing
business from $45 to $60 a week; must sell at
once. Apply Call offlce.
OLD-ESTABLISHED upholstering business;
bargain. 614 Geary, between Jones and Lea-
venworth.
$250— OLD established corner saloon: great bar- j
gain; fair business. 6.12 Market st.. room 6.
A GOOD flrst-class saloon for sale; price $200;
I reason for selling, going East. 528 Broadway.
I RESTAURANT for sale cheap. 344 Third st.
| RESTAURANT for sale: old established stand;
on Mission St., 606; will sell at a bargain.
GROCERY and bar; good business; for sale,
price $430. 122 Langton st. '
HAIRDRESSING store; good stock and fix-
tures; must sell, sickness. Box 4891. Call.
TO sell or exchange— Business, any kind. Ap-
ply W. B. DENNISON, 783.. Market st.
MEAT market: well located; doing entire cash
business. Inquire 510 Castro for particulars.
GOOD country hotel for sale. Inquire 615 San
Pablo aye.. Oakland: no agents.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGINO HOUSES FOR SALE.
15-ROOM house on Howard st $600
22-room; new: cost $4500 1800
24 rooms on Geary st 625
26 rooms; corner • house 850
14 rooms on O'Farrell st 350
12-room house; large yard; downtown 400
1? rooms; clears $100; only 300
12 rooms; exchange for large house 600
54-room house; clears $."'OO 160 C
H. C. DECKER. Market st. opp. sth.
ON account of accident, must sell this week;
possession given Monday; 14 newly furnished
rooms; baths, gas; north of Market st; pay-
ing good. WINSTON & CO., 1026 Market st
12 ROOMS: Post st; $130 cash $375
15 rooms; $250 cash; Interest 1«_ per cent.. M
25 rooms: cheap rent; only; 650
MONEY' TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT.
WINSTON & CO.. 1026 MARKET ST.
A— l2-ROOM house; north of Market st.; rent
$40; clearing $50 per month. R. G. WILKIE,
Sui; Market st. .
14 ROOMS; established 10 years; fullest Inves-
tigation. LARSEN. 318 Bush st.
NICE sunny house of 11 rms. for sale cheap:
call for one week. 233 Third st. nr. Howard.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined,
Me Eastern Outfitting Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S 50. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
MINES AND MINING.
I WANT to buy Central Eureka mining stock.
H. L. CHENEY. 530 California st.
CITY* REAL ESTATE.
ARMY. 8»«— of 5 rooms and lot for
sale. -'--''-' ; .
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park
. west of First avenue, and vol. wish to sell
_%_. call on W. J- GUNN. 410 Montgomery.
->n _.-»*-*«; OIL LAND. Fresno County, for $10;
__%^HF __&**&
rfhone 1-96: "no stock ln a company.'
a" « a pi OE— sl7so: 2 flats. 9 rms.: hard fln-
A isd\ed; belutlful view; no agents. 4088 Army.
7 ~w t-'ftFs news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
A l^ag_s. in" wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
___.' T_v,~r„r.,i near city; small and large
N tr-Yt" SU* f (.'res sold "to 120 families; 7500
trac ',_/, Particulars of Immense crops
acres left. For P*»ru«.u»*»»*» address THE
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address _±_i_
COTATI CO.. 302 California St.. ». I- ■
TOR sale-3-room c"oTt^!^lso: Coronado
Beach. San Diego. Api_lT___________
J--T.TTTT c-raln and stock farms.
WD. HOLCOM & CO. 20 Montgomery st. |
PROPERTY WASTED.
CH^l^n7a^^^a^- e ta 4 t n e San
Francisco. J. J. E-N A-ns.
Loans. Mills building. ——_____.-
______ ol.OAX^^
i-OANS on furniture or pianos In S. F-. Oak- |
land or Alameda at Invest rates u.t.i
removal: no commission: no delaj J .
NOONAN. 1017 to 1623 Mission St., above
Sixth; telephone South 11. - ,
ANY amount at 6. per cent on real estate 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in^pro
bate; mortgages and legacies bought, no ac
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. _
HIGHLY respectable and private place to*
tain liberal advance? on diamonds ami jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jew y
Store, 846 Market st. ; telephone Main lb**.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg., 130 I owen st
LOANS made to salaried people: real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., -59 Third st.
MONEY loaned to salaried people on note wlth-
out lndorser. HILL, 44, Merchants' Exchange^
AT Nevada Loan Office. 214 Grant aye.-Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS Real
Estate and Loans. Mills big; notify; will call.
REAL estate. 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
etc. Harper & Kreiger. 312 Examiner building.
$50 TO $30,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
MONEY' loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser. HILL, 44, Merchants Exchange.
ON furniture, pianos, without re-noyal; no
commission private. LICK, lib McAllister.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. "I OUSL EY. 592 Parrott bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages; sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year fo. *..
postage paid. —mm __
EDUCATIONAL
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol.. min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSINESS— Bookkeeping, business practice
shorthand, typing, languages, English; .4
teachers; day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
HOLMES' College of Oratory— opens
August 1: elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin, journalism, practical acting, stam-
mering corrected; 16 instructors; degrees con-
ferred; day and evening classes. Address sec-
retary for catalogue. Odd Fellows bldg.. B._**.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc; me
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day.
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
est.' 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, grammar, writing;
day -.- night; terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
HOME in a French family with French and
musical instruction. 1910 Steiner st. :
THE Studio, 1033 Sutter; . piano, violin, clari-
net, cornet' English and German. 50c lesson.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, stenography, pri-
vate lessons, $5 mo.: top flat. 514 Hayes st.
MATHEMATICS, history, English; coaching
specialty: during vacation $5 mo. 220 Eddy.
LAW Schools. '.'_: Market. S. P., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
i ANO lessons by a competent teacher: ten
years' experience: 50c an hour. 820 Eddy st.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. SOS Larkin St.. opp. city Hall.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
It* pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlors. 927
Market St.. ever Cafe Zlnkand: teeth extract-
ed or filled without pain; electricity, gas cr
chloroform administered; the best and most
artistic work at reasonable prices. Pure gold
filling, from $1; other fillings, from SOc;
plates from $4 £0; flesh colored plates, from
$5* porcelain or gold crown and bridge work
Iper tooth), from $3. We guarantee our work.
Open evenings and Sundays.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridge work until August 1 to Introduce our
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber: warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridge work teeth without a plate; fill-
ings. 60c; crowns, $3 50; plates, full set. $5;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO- DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teetn
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$;< 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sunday, 9 to 3
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates. $3; received 8 flrst
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 year*.
FULL set of teeth. $4: fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges, $3 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St. cor. 6th.
; DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee M years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dtntal Parlors— Fillings. 60c up; crowns,
$" up; open ev'gs. 850 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper. for mailing. $1 per year.
LOST.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco. in the
name of ANDR<> JOHNSON or JANE JOHN-
SON, No. 137-452. The finder will please re-
turn to bank.
LOST— Purse: letters M C; on New Montgom-
ery; containing Jewelry and money. Finder
wfll receive reward by returning to MRS. D.
A. RICHARDSON. 772 Eighteenth st.
LOST— A Great Dane; color gray. Return IS3.
Lyon* St.; reward.
LOST— Certificate of Deposit No. 62,633 of Tha
Nevada National Bank of San Francisco
dated 2d June. 1599, for $250, In favor of C. •
F. Houghton. Payment or same has been
stopped and all persons are warned against
negotiating such certificate; reward. Box
4914. Call office.
LOST, strayed or stolen— l white horse " and
buggy, red running gear, dark blue body. Re-
turn to 514 Broadway and receive reward.
DIAMOND bracelet. Handsome reward If re-
turned to 718 Treat aye.. near Twentieth st.
—^ -_-—_—_-__. —^ _____-_— i
CARPET CLEANING.
WHEN You become disgusted with poor work
■and to BPAULDINO'B Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES
300 McAllister st, cor. Larkin; tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.:
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
453 Stevenson St.; tel. South __*-; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden
Gate; carpets cleaned, 3c yd.: tel. Mint 316.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 12»".
PROPOSALS.
UNITED STATES Engineer's Office. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., July 8
1899. Sealed proposals for dredging In Alviso
Harbor. Cal.. will be received here until 12
clock, noon, August 10, 1899. Information
furnished on application. TV. H. HEUER.
Major. Engineers. «^** ■-.<-_«.HOUSES TO LET.
BERN aye., 40— House of S rooms and bath;
lot .".0x12") feet; 2 fronts; rent 120. Key at ..I.
HOUSE .hunting made ea?y with '.he printed
li!*t you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
_7rs;i_sT6l6— Bay-window hous=e of 9 rooms and
bath.
VERY fine- house, in perfect condition: 3356
Twenty-first st., near Guerrero; . "J**?!'
rent very reasonable: see it. E. G. DENMb-
TON, 3434 Twenty-first st. ■_
VERY pleasant house, ln perfect condition; 3386
Twenty-first st.. near Guerrero; < rooms; ' nt
very reasonable; see It. -__—_______-—_
COTTAGES TO LET. ',
COTTAGE of 4 rooms, large yard and stable.
218 Colllngwood st.. bet;' l9th and 20th. _____
COi-Y£oottaseTof='o rooms, hath gas, yard,
basement. " 1119 Vallejo at., nr. Leavenworth.
4 ROOMS bath static-nary tubs, basement,
yard. $10* sft, A?. riy 1-2S Treat aye.
~~~- FUR-VISHED FLATS.
TO RENT— Nicely furnished flat; 4 rooms ajid
bat h "sunny yard. 11l Fell -'
FLATS TO LET.
ji'z^liOO'M. flat: near Mission and Third sts.;
rent $lo! Apply 15 Grant aye. -
BOWIE aye., 5— A flat of 3 bay-window rooms;
cheap rent to a binall family.
FT*.*** burning made easy with the printed
'list you B-H from M.I.WIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FL\T 3 large sunny rooms. 29 Ringold St.,
bet. -th and 9th, Folsom and Harrison; $8.
MODERN - room flat. 133 Ash aye., between
Van Ness aye. and Polk st^
FEW steps from City Hall; sunny top flat, 6
_ooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
NOi-tTHEAST corner ' -. -.nth and Noe sts.;
loyily sunny --room flat: modern Improve-
ments; rent "$l7; water tree.
SUN*IY 3-room fiat; modern improvements:
$12; barn if desired. 191.3 O'Farrell St. __
v'T-TlilF.li, 4073. near Castro— Sunny s-
roorn flat; modern; rent $15; water frea
t_Z—i L4RGE rooms, bath and modern im-
provements. 308 Fart ..-<" st.. near 2itn.
4 ROOMS and bath*, large cellar; large flower
gardes. 1219 Laguc*. cor. "i. -. Inquire i.-l.
ROO.US FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY 604, near Lartdn— Nice sunny furnished
rooms complete for housekeeping
ELLIS. 639, <w_-ier Larkln-Bay-wlndow alcove,
kitchen., gas stove; also -single bay-window.
FILLMORE 220 V near Clay— sls; 5 clean sunny
rooms; bath: nice yard and water.
______ _2_2." near Clay-$7; - large sunny
unfurnished roonis: ice yard and water.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping. Inquire
at lf-03 Dolores st.
GEARY 622— Furnished sunny bay-window
parlor.' kitchen, yard. laundry; hkpg; also sgl.
rjßAi 1-117— Furnished and unfurnished fiats;
each .'rooms, 2 baths, 2 toilets, 2 cellars; gas;
every convenience; SIS. _________
GOLDEN GATE jvf., Nicely furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; running water;
bath; $13.
HAWTHORNE, 172, bet. 2d and 3d. nr. Harri-
son— Smali prettily fur, flat; private; $16 mo.
HOWARD, 528. bet. First and Second—
'furnished sunny room, and also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 704. corner Third— A nice large
sunny room; also 1 or 2 for housekeeping.
HOWARD^ 719-_, near Third— furnished
rooms; rent 19 per month.
J. iNKS 3"3— 3 housekeeping rooms, complete,
$16: also double and single rooms, cheap.
LARKIN, 804— Sunny bedroom and kitchen;
furnished; yard; $9; sunny double room, $7;
single, $4. -. v J - :
M.BKET 1028 — Large sunny front room and
■ kitchen, folding bed, $12; 3 unfurnished, $6.
M .RTH A pi.. 2. off Geary, nr. Taylor— neatly
furnished rms, complete for hkp; stove; yard.
MISSION. 1129— Large front room and kitchen;
also large parlor; can do cooking.
MISSION, Large sunny front room and
kitchen very cheap.
O'FAIiP-ELL. 53-. near Jones— Furnished room,
with stove, for housekeeping.
POST. 617*_— 2 pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
POWELL, 911, near - - -amento — unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; rent $11; from 12 to 6. i
PROSPECT place. *_.", off California, between |
Stockton and well— Large room and kitchen;
fine view of bay; morning sun;' slo; pri. Ger. j
BUTTER, ill, nr. Comfortar-Iy furn. .
single suites; also hskpg.; terms reasonable.
THIRTEENTH. 329. near Valencia— 2 sunny j
furnished housekeeping rooms; rent $9. j
TWEXTV^IXTH. 3369, near Mission— '
front furnished connecting housekeeping
suites, $S to $11; also single.
WASHINGTON. 2907 — Upper floor, 8 large
rooms and bath; rent $10.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week, and j
light housekeeping; open all night.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms en suite or single; first-class !
In -very respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homellko- house; modern service; elevator; j
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 30 day. MRS. J. KING. ''
AT New Grand, 246 3d— 200 lst-class sunny rms.,
15c to $1 day; ?0c to $4 wk; also housekeeping.
AT 29 Turk, cor. — Nicely furnished sunny '
front rooms; also hpkg. rms.; reas.; transient.
BALBOA, 10.9 A Market— Changed hands: first- I
class rooming house; elegant sunny outside I
rooms: elevator; prices reasonable: transient ,
solicited. H. H. McCOLLISTER. Prop.
C A R ROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate j
aye. — Sunny corner: well furn. rms. & offices. I
CLAY. 1629— Nicely furnished front room, with
or without kitchen; cheap. Inquire at 1528
Polk st.
CLIFF 204 lis. corner Mason— Elegantly j
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. llS— Sunny, desirable rooms, $6 upward
month; also -keeping very reasonable.
ELLIS, 424, het. Jones and Leavenworth— Nice-
ly fur. sunny front suite; 4 or 5 gents; bath.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished sunny double and
single roms; rent reasonable; private family.
FERN WELL, 34 Kearny. 47 Post— Sunny bath-
room suite; also single rooms; transient.
FOURTH, 12S'-. nr. Mission— New management;
newly frnshd and renovated; choice front rms.
GEARY. 3-7 — 3 newly furnished rooms; sunny;
gas; hot bath; closets; central; light house-
keeping allowed.
GOLDEN STATE. 106 Eddy-Rooms for stu-
dents; sunny rooms by day, week or month.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or single;
ladies' parlors; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 30 to $0 per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor. 319 Sutter, nr. Stockton—
Sunny suites, single rms. ; elev.; free baths.
HOWARD. 646. near 3d— New house, 30 rms.;
newly frnshd: single, double; gas; $5 upward.
HOWARD, 829- Furnished rooms from $1 week j
up: also housekeeping and transient.
HOWARD, 933* . — Nicely furnished sonny
rooms from $1 per week up; excellent front
rooms.
HYDE, 129— Nicely furnished rooms, from $3
t'P- _ ■ -. '
IVANH 1002 Polk. cor.Geary —New manage-
. ment; fur. hkpg suites (3 to 5 r.), $15 up; re.
MARKET, 783*4— Neat newly furnished rooms; !
central location; $1 to $2 50 per week.
MISSION, 16, near Fourth— New management; I
new furniture; sunny suites and single; reas.
NATOMA, 2^2'., near Fourth— Two unfurnished
rooms; water and yard; rent $3.
OCTAVIA* 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny furnished
bay-window for 2, $?; ndescent burner.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
PINE, 647- Rooms for gentlemen; gas. etc.; $4
and $5 .-;- month.
POLK, 163.3— Respectable parties an find nice
room; private family; very reasonable.
POWELL. 15, bet. Market and Ellis— Prettily
furn. rms.: single and en suite; new mangt.
POWELL. 17— Central and prettily furn. rms.;
cheap; June. Market st. cars; ear theater.
POWELL.. 317, formerly Cosmos Club— Ele-
gantly furnished single rooms; sunny,
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light: reading' room, , smoking room and
ladles" parlor: rooms, per night, 3.c to $1.30;
week, $- to $«: month, $>v to $30; elevator on
offlce floor; rooms with hot. cold '.vat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished. '
SIXTH. 429— nice sunny front furnished.
suitable for light housekeeping, and other
. rooms.
STEVENSON, o-7'4— Sunny front room, nicely .
lurnlshed, H per month. . i
ROOBIS TO LET.
SUTTER, 320*.. (Stanford House)— Suites from
5_2 up; single rooms, $130 up. «
TAYLOR, 1532, near Jackson st. cars— Large
sunny bay-window suite; partly frnshd; gas;
bath; hot, cold wat,: tel; suit for 1 or 3 gents.
TENTH. 136. ear Mission— Front room for 2
gents: also sing/; rooms; rent reasonable.
j THE Oaks, 113 Third— A" good rooming house
t for good people. ft. HUGHES, Proprietor.
j THE Navarre, 405 Gear] — Comfortable furn.
. rooms; travelers accommodated: baths free.
i THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth st, cor. Minna—
■ Bunny bay-window rooms.
J THE Oliver, -06 Folsom, nr. 6th— Sunny corner
j rms.. suites and .single; gas, bath; also hkpg.
THIRD. 25. nr. Market -Sunniest rooms in San
j Francisco; white lights; extra good beds; chp.
I YALE. 112 Taylor— Sunny furnished and un-
f urnished suites. $3 up; single. $1 30 up.
ROOMS IM) HOARD.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, IS a week up; Swedish home; parlor.
ATLAS. 1001 Sutter— New, beautifully furnished
i sunny' suit- single r., reas. ;. board optional.
HOTEL Victoria, 1103 Hyde. cor. California—
Prettily furnished suites, hath; board optional.
HOWARD. 728 I.—American1 .— American family wishes a
few boarders; "terms $4 per week.
LAS PALMAS. 1820 Market— Parlor, 2 bed-
I rooms, suitable for 4; private; bath; board op.
I O'FARRELL, 742— Large front room, running
j water, home cooking; also single rms.. $20 up.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
So,.— Restaurant, dining rm. ; cen. for lunches.
SUTTER, 112S- -Lovely sunny rooms with board:
pretty garden: home cooking.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; father to
room-; optional. Inquire i"-3;'*,- Mission St.
I __ .
i NEAT, refined young woman desires children
j to board; best of references. Apply 531 Castro.
" I ■ -J ' ■— ._■
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor, 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
ELEGANT cafe: lease on liberal terms: loca-
tion central: improvements the finest. For
full particulars apply MADISON & BURKE.
-20 Market st.
i VERY large sunny basement. Apply 524
Geary st.
' fesssms '~—~—~ m — m — w A-—-————- ———■——■—
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FRUIT ~ ~~~
660 acres of fine farming and grazing land,
5 miles from the City Hall of Oakland, ly-
ing between Oakland and San Leandro near
San Leandro Electric Road. Land all roll-
ing. Commands fine view, suitable for sub-
urban homes in subdivisions.
For further particular, inquire of
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
160-462 Eighth street.
Oakland.
I $123 LOTS — For a profitable investment or the
moat beautiful location" In Fruitvale for- a
home, see the Deering Tract. Fruitvale a\*c. ;
; terms to suit. H. W. DAVIS. Sole Agent,.
( room 9, 905 Broadway, Oakland.
i _. .'
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
| FOR 6 months or longer; 12- rooms, well fur-
nished, sunny; front and back lawn; flowers.
I vines; 1364 Franklin st.; 4 minutes to narrow
j gauge station; call 11 to 5; references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
i AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
i furniture dealer, Hth and Franklin, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$700— FINE lot on bay .here.
JISOO Foreclosure; 2-story, ? rooms and bath;
lot 40x120; near Grand-st. station; cost $3300.
$2200— Modern cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot
52_.150; near High School and depot; term's, $100
■ cash. $20 per month.
$3200— New cottage, 6 rooms- and bath; lot 42x
207; open plumbing, plate glass, etc.; half block
from station and High School; easy terms.
Homes built to suit purchasers on easy terms.
| Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A.- CO., 1432 Park st.
| WE offer the following special bargains:
! $1350— House, 9 rooms and bath; lot 50x170; all
i street work done; near station.
$65')— Lot 80x40; Pacific aye.
$1600 — Large 6-room cottage, modern; lot 60x
150; stable, etc.
$1700— Lot 60x160.
Santa Clara ave.— 3oo feet water front lots;
1 finest location In Alameda; great reduction in
| prices. • E. D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
j SNAP— New House, 8 rooms and bath; lot 50x
150; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tlcn. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. 1612 Chapln.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
! HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FI'NKE. 1416 Sth.
; BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I BARGAIN— rooms, bath, pantry; almost new;
high basement; brick foundation; folding
doors; stationary tubs: bay window; lot 4'x
120; rrice 11900; only $250 cash, balance $18
monthly; close, to station, stores, schools,
churches; between 2 electric car lines. Get
, off at Lorin station and ask for RUDOLPH
j & PERKINS.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Arthur E. S\vkes and Annie Jowett 35-34 j
Jacob Wlesmann and Anns H. Miller 48-33 I
i James B. Steele and Lottie Na.sh 30-39
I Frederick L. Bates and Martha R. ... .24-21 j
Leon Mondot and Anne Lahnde 21-19 !
James Corrigan and Lillian W. Hiby 82-25 :
' MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed !
in at either of the publication offices and : be !
Indorsed with the name and residence of per- I
sons authorized to have the same published.
BO^N.
AMSLER— In Ocean View, July 8, 1899, to the
wife of C. S. Amsler, a son.
DEXTER— In this city, July 6, 1599, to the wife
of David H. Dexter, a son.
MOORE— In Oakland, July 7. 1899, to the wife
of William A. Moore, a daughter.
PICARD— In this city, June 25, 1899, to the
wife of Armand Picard, a son.
VOGLER—In this city, July 2, 1899, to the wife
of Albert Vogler, a son. -
WIEDEMAN— this city, July 5, 1899, to the
wife of J. Wledeman, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HINTON— PERKINS— In this city, July 2, 1899, !
■ at Olivet Congregational Church, by the Rev. !
H. T. Shepard, Simeon Hlnton and Luclnda ■
Perkins. !
DIED.
Albertson, Joseph A. Keast. Thomas E. i
Atkins, George W. Love, John L.
Curtis, Norbert A. Martin, William F.
Darrow, .Mrs. Mary Merwin, John Q.
Dee, Celia Robinson, Charles F. - j
Dudley, William L. Schule. Fred A.
Dunning, Perry T. Smith, Lucy W.
T-il.< ii. Annie Tierney. Mrs. F.
Henry,- Arthur Wachter. Rudolph
Hlckok, Virginia A. Ziska, Mme. Bertha i
| Jourden, John A.
ALBERTSON— this city, July 7, 1599. Joseph !
A., beloved husband of Flora E. Albertson. !
and father of William T. Albertson, a na-
tive of New York, aged 70 years.
CJ'The funeral services will take place to- '
morrow (Sunday), at - o'clock, at the Hotel :
Pleasanton, Sutter and Jones streets. Inter-
ment private.
ATKINS— In Alameda, July 6, 1899, George "W., I
beloved husband of Bessie Atkins, and son of i
J. J. and Amelia Atkins, a native of Michi-
gan, aged 22 years 9 months and 21 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from 1404 Pacific
avenue. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland. • .
CURTIS— In this city, July 6, 189», Norbert A.,
youngest son of Peter J. and May C.
Curtis, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
years and Id months.
{t_rThe funeral will take place this ' day i
(Saturday), at 1:30 ..'clock, from his late resl- '
dence. 3171 Twenty-fifth street. Interment I
Holy Cross Cemetery. ■ 1
DARBOW— In Latona. Wash.. July 1, 1899, Mrs '
Mary P. Darrow, a native of Nantucket! I
Mass. 
[t_rThe funeral will take place this day I
hENRY J. t-ALLAGI2t_R CO.. j
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln .ichooL
Telephone South 89. v -. L
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1899.
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her nephew. Wallace Bradford, 303 Spruce
street, Presidio Heights:
DEE— this City, July 6. 1899; Celia, beloved
wife of the late Thomas Dee. 'and sister of
Mrs. Andrew Kirwin, a native of County
Wlcklow, Ireland, aged 51 years.
{*-yFrlends and acqualntarfc.es are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday). at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 19 Natoma .street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
cemmencine at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
DUDLEY— At Lake Tahoe, July 6, 1899. William
L. Dudley, a native of New Hampshire, aged
74 years 7 months and 16 days.
C_?*The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2:30" o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 241 East Flora street, Stockton.
Friends and acquaintances are invited' to at-
tend. Interment private. . •
DUNNING— this city, July 5, 1599. Perry T.,
dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Milly Dun-
ning, and father of Charles P. Dunning, a na-
tive of Michigan, aged 46 years 9 months and
4 days.
EI BEN— In this city,. July 7. 1899, at her resi-
dence, 392 Dolores street, Annie, beloved wife
of J. H. E. Elben. beloved mother of Anita,
Alma, Hazel. Myrtle and Edyard Elben,
daughter of John and the late Sarah Wor-
rall. and sister of Clara. Faithful. Albert and
Ellis Worrall, a native of Manchester, Eng-
land, aged 33 years and 3 months.
H3>'Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, thence to Olivet Congregational
Church, where services will be held. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HENRY— In this city, July 7, 1899, Arthur. In-
fant son of Robert and Nellie Henry, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 2 months and 13
days.
CT'The funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 321 Twenty-ninth street. In-
terment private.
KEAST— In this city. July. 7, 1599. Thomas E..
Infant son of Caroline and the late Alfred
H. Keast, a native of Orovllle, Cal., aged
11 months and 14 days.
HJCKOK— In Oakland, July 7, 1899. Virginia
Agie. beloved daughter of William B. and
the late. Sarah J. Hlckok, and sister of Myron
8.. Lillian M and Laura E. Hlckok. a na-
tive of Virginia City, Nev.
lOURDEN— In this city, July 6, 1 < 599, at his
residence, 2525 Howard street. John Albert
. (Bert) Jourden. son of J. P. and L. H. Jour-
den. a native of San Francisco.
C_»"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend a requiem high mass
at St. Peter's Church. Alabama street, near
Twenty-fourth, this day (Saturday), at 9:30
o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
flowers.
LOVE— this city, July 7, 1899, John Lord
Love, a native of Buffalo, N. V., aged 68
years 3 months and 20 days.
MARTIN— this city, July 7, 1899, William
Fitzgerald, beloved husband of Grac» J. Mar-
tin, and father of Florence E. Martin, a na-
I tl\«*. of Ireland, aged 37 years 3 months and
12 days.
H_?"-.otloe of funeral hereafter.
MERWIN— In this city. Jnly 6. 1899. John G.
Merwin, beloved father of Edward S. Mer-
win, a native of Connecticut, aged 73 years.
ROBINSON— In this city. July 6, 1899, Charles
F.. dearly beloved husband of Hattle V. Rob-
inson, father of -Leone Robinson, son of Al-
fred Robinson, and brother of Everett. Fred-
erick and M«rritt Robinson, a native of
Maine, aged 43 years.
C_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully" invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1804 O'Farrell street, corner of Stelner.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
SCHULE— In this city, July 6, 1899, Fred A..
beloved husband of Amalia Schule. and father
of Joste, Lizzie and Belle Schule. a native of
Stuttgart, Germany, aged 51 years 11 months
and 22 days. A member of Court Star of the
Mission No. 7197. A. O. F.
[T7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
239 Bartlett street, between Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. .
SMITH— In this city, July 7, IW. Lucy W.
Smith, mother of Daniel C. Howland. a na-
tive of Massachusetts, -aged 76 years and 7
months.
TIERNEY— In this city,- July 7, 1899, Mrs. Fan-
nie Tierney, dearly beloved wife of Thomas
Tiernev. and mother of Patrick, John, Wil-
liam and Matt Tierney and Mrs. E. .1. Wren,
a native of County Louth, Ireland, aged 66
years 3 months and 12 days.
WACHTER— In this city. July 6, 1899, Rudolph
Wachter, a native of Germany, aged 51 years
6 months and 16 days. A member of Germa-
nia Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F.
G_?*Friend_ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from 1. <>. O. F. Hall.
corner Seventh and Market streets, where
funeral services will be held, under the aus-
pices of Germania Lodge No. 116, I. O. O. F.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mis-
sion street, near Fifth.
ZISKA— In this city, July 6. 1899, Mme. Bertha
Zleka. beloved mother of Mrs. A. Z. Jennings,
a native of Paris, France, aged 36 years.
Funeral services will be held this day ;
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, at her late resi- .
dence, 1718 Sacramento street. Interment |
strictly private. . |
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Frances E. and William M. Lent to Lent
Estate Company (a corporation), lot on SW
corner cf Eddy and Polk streets. -S 137:6 by
W 123:6; also lot on NE corner of Post street
and Grant avenue, N 73 by E 111:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Hen
riette Seheeline (wife of Simon), lot on S line
of (."lav street, !-2:G E of Gough, E 8.". liv S
127. *'„. .
Estate of Joseph M. Wood (by Abbie R. and
Martha Wood, .x-cutrices) to Alonzo Mason,
lot on N line of Vallejo street, 110:6 E of
Steiner, E 27 by N 137:6: $2700.
Same* to John A and Frederick R. Drink
house, lot on SE corner of Vallejo and Stelner
streets. S 37:6 ty '■'■ 137:6: $4000.
Josephine Delmue to Ethellnd V. Danglada.
lot on N line of Cloy street, 224:7 W of Central
avenue. W 80 by N 12r:S'i; $10.
Security Loan Association to Henry L. Rea,
lot on E line of Hartford street, 197:6 S of
Nineteenth, S 24:6 by E 125; $1800.
Alvah H. Flood to Isabel A. Leeds, lot on S
line of Beaver street, 135 W of Noe, W 25 by
s 115; $10.
Macdonough Estate Company (a corporation)
to Charles R. Bishop, lot on W corner of How
ard and Sixth streets, N*W 72, SW 7."., NW 18,
Btt* 37:6, SK 90, NE 112:6; $10. . .
N. J. Whitney to Mary R. Whitney, lot on
SE line of Natoma street, 125 SW of Eighth,
SW 25 by SK 75: gift.
William A. H. Krabbenhoft to Johannes
Krabbenhoft. lot on NW corner of Colusa and
Pennsylvania streets, W 25 by N 160; $10.
Benjamin G. and Bethlah C. F.ldrldge to
Solomon Getz, lot on F. line of Forty-sixth ave
nue, 175 S of I street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
■ Edwin and France L. Schwab to Market and
Stanyan Streets and Golden "ate Park Land
and Improvement Company, lot on SE corner
of Stanyan street and Alma avenue. S 100, E
197:9, N 4 degrees 50 minutes W I'O:7U. W 204:6,
lots ! to 4, 9 to 12, block 2, subdivision 1, Clar
endon Heichts; also lot on N line of Rlvoll
avenue, 100 E of Stanyan street. E 50 by N 100,
lots 13 and 14, block 2. same; also lot on N line
Of Seventeenth street. 100:4 E of Stanyan, N
108, E 25, S 110:2. tt' 25: 1. lot 12. block 3. same;
also lot on N line of Seventeenth street. 150:6
E of Stanyan, N 112:4. E 31:3. S 4 degress 50
minutes F. 114:8, W 23:6, lot 14, block 3 same,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Market and Stanyan Streets and Golden Gate
Park Land and Improvement Company to
George M. and Ina J. Van Ruren, lot on E line
of Stanyan street, DO S of Alma avenue, S 25
by E 100, lot 3, block 2, same; $760.
'Walter L. McGinn to Joseph F. Dolan. lot
on E line of Mlnot street, 50 N of Blame, N
25 by E 70, lot 240, Gift Map 1: 810.
Estate of James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus, T.
G. (brothers and W. S. Goodfellow, execu
tors) to Margaret Falconer, lot on N line of
Ellert street, 125 W of Bennington, W 25 by N
100 lot 21, block 6, Fair's subdivision of Holly
Park; $400. ,
Alameda County.
S. C. Bigelow to Karl H. Nickel, lot on NW
line of Howe street. 632.2 NE of Moss avenue,
NE 50. NW 114 SW 50.7, SE 107 to beginning,
being the SW 10 feet of lot 20, entire lot 21 and
NE 10 feet of lot 22, block C, Thermal" Hill,
formerly the Howe Tract. Oakland; $10.
Joseph F'illorget to Marie Bellenot (wife of
Roniain), lot on W line of Fourth street, 127:6
S of Jones, S 50 by W 123, being lots 12 and 13,
block 53, tract B, Berkeley Land and Title In
surance Association, Berkeley; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to Charles H.
Gorham, lot 31. block 9, Shaw Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
Catherine Semerla to Martha Klanenberg. lot
on E line of Pan Pablo avenue, 468 N from N
line of plat 60, Rancho V. and I). Peralta. N
40 1" 166.82. S 40, W 165.8- to beginning, being
a 'portion of plat 62. Rancho V. and D. Peralta.
Berkeley; also lot beginning at a point 150 E
from San Pablo avenue and 54* N from S line
of plat 62, Rancho V. and 1). Peralta. E 14. S
40 tt' 14 N 40 to beginning, being a portion of
plat 62, Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Berkeley;
Joseph A. Leonard Company (a corporation) !
tb Clarence M. Smith- lot on N line of Eagle
avenue, 126 W of Mufcerry street, W 42 by N
150, block 16, lands adjacent to Encinal, Ala
meda; $10. ■ • , ...
O A and Cordelia M. Hearing to Lucien
Simon, lot on W line of Paru street, 40 S of
Buena' Vista avenue. S 35 by W 116, Alameda
(subject to mortgage); $1800. _
Mary E Owen (executrix of the estate of Wil
son J Owen) to William F. Denahy, undivided
one-sixth interest in lot on S line of West
Third street 91:6 W of Linden, tt' SI by s> 94.
being lots 27' and 2S and a portion of lots 26 and
29, block 443. Adeline and Market Street Home
stead. Oakland; 8275 • *,'.
Mary E. Owen (widow of tt. J.) and Alice
R and Frank L. Owen to same, lot on S line
of W Third street. 91 :« Eof Chestnut. EB] by
« M block 443. same (quitclaim deed); $10..
D 'c and Emma M. Collins. G. tt. and Eliza
J Grayson. J. W. and May E. Phillips to
same all Interest in same; $10. '
Duncan and Annie Mullen to Katie Roeder
(wife of Joseph), lot on S line of Saratoga
avenue 40 E of Plymouth, E 40 by S 132. being
lot 26 'block J. amended map of Moss Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Annie Knox (owner) with James A. McCul
lough (contractor), architect Hubbard F. Dun
bar—All work for a 3-story frame building (8
flats) with concrete foundations, rough base
ment and unfinished- attic on lot commencing at
_, point 178 N from intersection of NE corner
GOOD CLAIMS ARE
NOW RESERVED BY
THE GOVERNMENT
Peculiar Action of the Dominion
That Has Caused a New Sen=
sation at Dawson City.
BY SAM W. WALL.
Special Correspondence of The Call. . ' . j
DAWSON, Y. T., June .s.— At this time
there If no means of making anything like
a close/ estimate of the output of gold
from the Klondike for this year. I have
traveled up and down the creeks that are
making the big yields and the creeks from
which most was to be expected in the way
;of new developments. Expectations have
' been exceeded in many places and have
i failed of realization in many others. The
washup is only half completed and what
': the footing will be cannot be more than
| vaguely guessed at. The so-called new
. creeks are turning out famously as a gen
! eral rule and the hillsides and hilltops are
developing very rich diggings. It can only
be repeated at this writing that the out
put will exceed that of last year by from
I a half to the full amount.
The camr> has been almost stunned by
I the publication of a notice from Ottawa
| directing that the hillsides arid benches
iof Bonanza and El Dorado creeks be
withdrawn from the public— that is to say
that no new locations may be made on
! those creeks. The communication from
j Ottawa is brevity itself. It says that the
! ground Is to be withheld and no more
; offers no explanation or excuse. The 10
--. cal authorities Interpret the terse message
' to apply to relocations of ground already
: staked, but which may be allowed to lapse
and to cover also the so-called "pups." or
i small tributaries of these, the two rich
: est streams in the diggings. The common
guess for this extraordinary step Is that
the ground still unclaimed on these
j streams is to be reserved for some rich
i syndicate and the plain prospectors and !
i miners who have sought and found the
i gold, and especially those . who are still
I seeking it and have not found it. are dis
! gusted and angry. The action of the Ot
! tawa Government is wholly unexpected,
no hint of it having been whispered here
' previous to the public announcement. The
news has spread rapidly and the demoral
izing effect is everywhere apparent. if
Bonanza and El Dorado are to be closed
; to the prospector because of his diligence
i in the face of every hardship has revealed
j them to be very rich the same result may
I be expected to follow the same effort on
every other creek. So they argue. One
of the immediate effects is . to give to
: every claim already recorded on these
' creeks an enhanced value.
No boat has yet arrived bringing pas-
I sengers, or merchandise direct from the
outside, either from up or down the river.
•The water front is lined with boats that
have come here from their winter quar
ters, having been released by the Ice. But
Bennett, at the head of the lakes, on the
southeast and St. Michael at the mouth
of the river have not yet reported. The
situation in steamboat circles Is most pe
culiar. The river Is alive with all man- '
I per of big craft, for which there is no
! business and will be no business this year.
1 The aftermath of the unparalleled Klon- j
dike stampede will present no more cu
rious feature than this. A few of the
: great fleet of boats that started fo^ this |
place, dispatched by visionaries and i
boarded and conducted by visionaries, '
have for the first time arrived only in j
; the spring of the year 1899. The Robert '
Kerr, one of the broken-backed Moran i
boats, is the most important of these. \
But in addition to the great fleet that
struggled up the river to this, their desti- :
nation, last year there is nearly a hun- |
dred boats that have not arrived and
', many of these will not attempt to get I
I here. There are fifty-three boats reported '
I In the Kuyokuk River alone, and the peo- i
| ple who went with them will almost to a '
j man return .disappointed. There are
! steamboats enough in the river, and good j
ones, too, to do twenty times the busi
ness that there will be here to do now j
I or any future time within the ordinary :
' life of the craft. Either of the two big j
pioneer trading and transportation com- j
panics have ample facilities for the car
rying of all the people and freight that
may be moved on the river this year.
Both the old companies lost their laeds
as completely as did the "checharcos," or
outsiders. They trebled their fleet at j
great expense, and so will have no us. !
for the boats of outsiders that will be i
, slumped on the market by the dozens
: during this short season and which may
be bought very cheaply. Already the
Rideout, chartered last year by th. La
Due Company, is offered for sale. With
i no business fur them there the. boats can- j
not be taken back whence they came for |
' the value of them, and if they could there
|Is no business for them there. So that
very many thousands of dollars represent
ed in these investments can be accounted
as already lost. The fleet of monster nas
\ senger boats built by the Alaska Com-
I mercial Company that traveled up and
| down the river last year with a mere cor
poral's guard of passengers aboard must
j suffer the same or a worse experience |
of Twentieth and Guerrero streets, E 90, N 25
— 90, s 23. M. B. 72;-soS.*.o.
Bohemian Club, corporation (owner), with
George R. Lang (contractor), architect Edward
R. Swain-All work for alterations and addi
tions to a 2-story brick building on E line of
Grant avenue, 137:6 S of Sutter street, S 50 by
E 90; $6524.
C. J. liehlow (owner) with L. B. Sibley (con
tractor), architects Curlett & McCaw — Pump
ing, excavations, grading and bull-heading on
S line "of Geary street, 77:6 E of Powell, E 87:6
by S 137:6: $1600.
L. M. Ryland (owner) with A. C. Soule (con
tractor), architects Mahoney & Ryland— All
work for a 3-story frame building (store and 2
flats) on SW corner of Polk and McAllister
streets, 8 70 by W 25; $6420.
Sidney L. and Annie C. Strickland (owners)
with A W. Pattlanl & Co. (contractors and
architects)— work for a 3-story frame build
ing on SE corner of Waller .street and DeLong
avenue, E 30, S 100, W 30, N to beginning;
$5904.
Thomas M. Cluff and Adolph Huber, trustees
of Louisa Richter. widow, and Emma A., Rein
hold II , Louisa J. and Marguerite G. Richter,
minors (owners), with Seth Walker (con
tractor), architects Salfield & Kohlberg— Alt
work for a 1-story frame building on SW cor
ner of California street and Third avenue, W
94 by S 25; $1600.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
i G B McCord, Hanford J A Banderson & w,
i Mrs S H Nye, Cal I Pt Reyes
: Mrs M Meriwether, Cal F W Schmallng, Nev
_t Leask. S Cruz C A Meyers & w, Cal
R P Val; Martinez E L Hall, Minn
■ G Crawford, Fresno Mrs D J Williams, Cal
: J Crawford, Fresno IP J Barnard & w. Mo
L T Doolittle & ~, Cal F Park & w, Mo
H G Turner &d, Cal F J Creque. O
.1 S Brown, Cal ! A G Keagle. Stockton
G W Travis, S Jose F A Shepard. Stockton
Z T Maglll. Winters J Bonner. Fresno
E S Wachhorst & w, D C Collier Jr. Cal
Sacramento .S J Ashman. Fresno
! T B Hennessv, Chicago M McGonagle, w & d,
| R Dollar. S Rafael I Ogden
| R A Rogers, Cal ! J Black & f, Chicago
; A Hanrord. Sacto II J Hallenburg, K\
J M Taylor, Alameda Mrs E Henderson, Cal
P L Fountain, Cal Mrs C Stowell, Ky
G Mlgllavacca, Napa M V B Edson &w. 111
C H Fairall. Stockton Miss M Kdson, 111 •
J Mathena, Sacto Mrs S E Gabbett, Ga
H Todd, Oakland Mrs Robinson. S Jose
i B G Tognazzl, Salinas Miss Robinson. S Jose
Mrs D Jewell, Cal . ,L J Herrlck. Stockton
J Sweeney & d, Cal J McCann. Butte
Miss A B Kelly. Ariz JB McKenna, Butte
i Miss A B Conroy, Arlz.C M Hough.' Portland
! W S Hoffman. Fresno 'M F McLaurln, L Ang'
C O Sturtz. Chicago G Turrell. Cal
| F S Flint. Cal E Gibbs, Mattoon
j H F.verman & w. 111 RE Harley, Cal
|H II Mclntyre. Cal 'J Johnston. Utah
,- L Patterson, Cal 'Mrs J Johnston, Utah
! F M Stern, S Jose S Leask. S Cruz :,,:.'.-.•,,
■ S Doane & w. Cal J Dennis. Cal
S." Guldager & w, Cal Mrs M Schell & I d.
I E W Young & w, Colo Mo . -
j Mrs L L Winters, Colo A D Kaetzel, O
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
! G Erickson. Sonora L Inman,- Wis
J King, Fresno Miss A Later, Wis
C M Shir.n, Berkeley Miss Gaarsler, Wis.
J Franklin, S Jose J A Edwards, lowa
C B Scott, China !B J Horchem. lowa
i J E Dorr. Stockton Miss Labersen. Wis
HO Lynn, Modesto I J A Welch & f. Kan
J Davidson. Madera L S Welch, Colo
I C B Watson. S Jose J L Welch. Colo
O Peterson. Vallejo |R Weisklttel. Colo
F A yer &f. Ventura G Ryan. NY
,W McKay, NY A J Brewster. N Mcx
A Peralmo & f. StktnlH M Lewis, Arizona
W H Merritt & w. Wis H Marfoot. Arizona
L Ross, Boston iW Miles. N V
A G Eager. Evansvllle.Dr Potter A f. Mo
W M Ross & w. Wis I
I this year, for the agents of the many rival
lines are already fighting like wildcats ,
i for the business in sight. The big crowd
i that is really desirous of going out lias
little money and are waiting for the low
rates that they know are certain to be
offered very early in the scramble. The
freight boats will carry- people down the
river for a little "above nothing, leaving
, them to find their way home from St.
Michael as best they can. The real con
. tention will be among the up-river boats,
I for the traffic, especially that of passen
gers, will be nearly all that way. The
North American Transportation and Trad
ing Company will turn several of Its new
fleet up that way. The John C. Barr has
already gone to bring in John J. Healy,
general manager, and a company of Unit
ed States Senators, now at the lakes, on
their way in to view the country.
Besides the melancholy outlook for the
big fleet as a whole, many of the boats
are having special troubles of their own.
I For. Instance, the Clara, owned by Sar.
Francisco parties, is tied up temporarily
by litigation which Eugene Schmitz and.
I Mr. Roncovieri — the. former the present ;
and the latter the ex-president of the
I company have come here to straighten I
out. P. Haussler, also of San Francisco, !
who held a mortgage over the boat and j
Its accompanying barge, and brought the
trouble upon the . company for his own I
gain, and is now a fugitive from justice. I
with officers ranging the country under a |
bench warrant for his arrest on a charge
of perjury. Haussler held a mortgage for j
' a small sum on both boat and barge, with I
j a condition permitting, him to foreclose '
| if one of the securities was separated j
I from the other. He himself advocated
! leaving the barge at Fort Yukon last fall,
j so that the boat might be certain to reach
| Dawson. Immediately upon arriving here
he foreclosed and secured the boat, refus- |
I ing to allow her to return down the river,
as she might have done. . He recovered
j the amount of his mortgage and is now ,
; supposed to be at Fort- Yukon trying to
recover it again -by the sale of the barge.
: In the meantime he is charged with per- :
■ juring himself in a suit over another
i transaction. On the arrival of Schmitz
and Roncovieri a few days ago he im
j mediately fled the country, forfeiting his
I bonds, and a bench warrant was issued.
Although it will give them some trouble,
Schmitz andr Roncovieri fully expect to
recover their property.
There have arrived here from down the
river the steamers Victorian, Sovereign,
Monarch, J. J. Healy. Rideout. Mary
Graff. Robert Kerr, Seattle; J. C. Barr
I and Arnold. From their quarters up the
river the following have arrived: Tyrrell
: Lia-htning, Canadian. P. B. Low, Pingree,
! Columbian and Flora. An amusing but
rather disastrous experience may be re
lated of the old Boston and Alaska Com
pany's boat, the Governor Pingree.
■ which, with its companion In disaster
last year, the Philip B. Low. have been
! extensively advertised here under new
' names, to wit: the Bonanza King and El
! Dorado and collectively as the "Yukon
I Flyers." While waiting for lakes to open]
the new managers conceived the Idea of .
I earning some of the advertising ex- !
j penses by a Sunday excursion to Forty
Mile, a little run of fifty miles down the
; river. The people responded and the boat
- was crowded, to.- boat left in the morn
: ing and was to return in the evening. It
! did not get back until the evening of the
[ next day. having been unable to breast
i the ourrent. Aid had to be asked from
passing boats and the old trick of mak
-1 ing the passengers chop the wood for the
furnace resorted to. Provisions ran out
j and those who did not come back on some
other boat arrived in a half-starved condi
tion. The names of the boats had been
■ changed because of th.- reputation for in
capacity and bad management they ac
quired last year, and this incident has
i thrown such a cloud over their new name
that there is some thought of christening
them again.
This review of the transportation busi
ness does not reflect the situation in other
1 lines. As yet very little merchandise has
arrived, that brought by the early barges
from the upper river being enough to
leaven the lump. The town is being built
up in new directions and putting on a '
much more substantial air since the clear
ing of the water front. The old shacks on
the front are being replaced by wharves
and warehouses. The tendgrloin is now
relocated and grouped within three blocks
back of its old quarter.
United States Consul McCook, who
brought suit against the Klondike Nug
get, charging criminal libel for the publi
cation of a description of a drunken brawl
in which he wis the principal figure, suf
fered the added humiliation of a verdict
in favor of the newspaper. In summing
up the court leaned In McCook's favor
as to the law while directly stating that
statements in the paper had been shown
to be true. Upon this the jury declared
the paper not guilty. The civil suit will
probably be dropped. The general health
of the people of the district remains ex
cellent. . *
PALACE HOTEL,
ft W Moulton, D C Miss Hardin, Nevada
L M Dlllman, Chicago C W Gullck, Kansas
C J Crane, I* S A .F Beaudry. Cal
A M Stevenson. Cal A M Ingersoll, Tacoma
J Wolfrom, Tulare G F Kistler. Ind
B Flnnell, Phila il 11 Six. Ind
C W Grilnot. Kansas R Becker &w. Portld
W J Murray. NY c F Wood. Ohio
Mrs G S Meyers. Mo W D Chapman. Ohio
J S Cravens & w. Mo F L Serlbner, Wash
X W Barry. Pasadena ; Miss L Peters, Ls Ang
II J Hallenberg, Ky R II Flint, Angls Crap
E M Hoen & w, SactolO G Sage, Sacto
Col J A Hardin & w. |E Dekin, Belgium
Nevada I
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m
St. Paul July 19' St. Paul August 16
New York.... August 2 New York.... August 23
St. Louis..... August 9 1 St. Louis August 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every' Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland July 191 Westernland ...Aug. 9
Adria July 26 ! Kensington Aug. 16
Southwark ..August 2|Noordland Aug. 23
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
, 30 Montgomery* st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARU Saturday. July 8
AMERICA MARU Saturday. July 22
HONGKONG MART* Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General A gent.
P_-ttfß_Hn._Nl *S. S. Mariposa sails
|BH|[ via Honolulu and
Ci*""*** Auckland for Sydney
. . .'Wednesday, July 12.
__. — __7\ at 10 p. m.
-MroSnintJ The s - s * Australia
.WlllJllltf^ j BaUs for Honolulu
©MBSWh i\To s y - July 26,
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia. India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class,
i. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight 0ff1ce.327 Market St
COMPAQNIE OENERALE TRANSATLANTICS.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. *_&-
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. _7C~_~IS
from" Pier 42, North River, foot of •Sr^-J_Wr_.
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. July. IS; LA
BRETAGNE. July 22: LA GASCOGNE, July 29;
LA TOURAINE, August 5; LA CHAMPAGNE,
August 12. Flrst-class to Havre, $65 and upward.
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-
class to . Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction on
round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 32 Broadway
(Hudson building). New York. J. F. FUGAZI
__ CO., Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"absolute security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^^y^^?
__■_■—--» ii I ■— — »■
Very small and as easy - ' .
to take as sugar.
see iciiMlsaS: SEE
GENUINE _f IVeR S-SISJSSS.. GENUINE
H PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WIJAPPFi? H HI FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
WKAITfcK jlaaa 1 FOR THE COMPLEXION ™ ArrLtt
25 Csntt ' POTDIy Tt^eti_blo.yr^__i^^s^__
mmmmuwmmwmm,mm * mmm * mmmmmamm %sm_aßE^A_^f^^
"T=K,I2Sr*T]EGID OTX I^E-D PAPER.'?
OCEAN TRAVEI*.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
nSjk-^^ wharf, San Francisco:
' r /' ____^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
1 HsP!_v_3®___. Jui '' s 10 - 16 - *-°. 25 - 30 * Au(r - i,t
' _Z r_Hnf_¥_ *. change at Seattle. I
1 HgK_3H 3H For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Ih_____R_Q c -'- Port Townsend. Seattle.
1 ™ WT *sK>ggßS Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes j
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
■^ 10 a. m. July 5. 10. 15. 20, 25.
30. August 4. and every fifth day thereafter: i
change at Seattle to this company's steamer.
for Alaska and O. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. j
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. j
I For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2p. m.. July **.
! 8. 13, 18. 23, 28. August 2. and. every, fifth day
j thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. :
I Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), I
i Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huen«me.
I San Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
I Newport. 9 a. m.. July 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27, 31
Amr-i'st 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping <_nly- at Pert Har
I frrd (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
; Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a '
m.. July 1, 5. 9. 13. 17. 21.. 23. 29. August 2.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Maedal^na Lav. San Jose de:
i Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
' month. *v
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to Chang*
: without previous notice steamerf, sailing da*
and hours of .ailing.
TICKKT OFFICE —4 New Montgomer*.
street (Palace Hotel).
! GOODALL, PERKINS _ CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
*-iyci' vT'i' FAST 'TEA WKKJ* TO
PORTLAND
*""*-om Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC ft* *•"!»■*! Cla«n '-tcluding Bar:-.
Iflnt -S8 .>ecoiii Clas* «nd Meal*.
Columbia rails June 22. July 2, 12, 22.
State of California sails June 17, 27; July
17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points .in the Northw*-
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. ''eneral Agent.
530 Market street
GOCDALL. PERKINS * CO,.
Superintendent.
PACIFICTOAST STFAMSHI? CO.
| STEAMER UMATILLA,
Sailing from San Francisco JULY 15;
Will connect at Seattle with the North Ameri- \
can Trading and Transportation Comtmny's
steamer Roanoke for ST. MICHAELS. GOLO-
VIN BAY CAPE NOME and all points on the
YUKON RIVER.
Through rates quoted, through tickets sold, .
( through hills of lading given.
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURG.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW TORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc., apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE. 37 Broadway. New York.
HER7JOG & CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast,
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sansome. and
lIS Montgomery st.. San Francisco. j
' ■'
BAY AND EIVEB BTEAMEB3.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at - a. m.
dally, returning from Stockton at • p. m. j
dally (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. tn.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. -
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO. J
Steamer .".V.onticel.o." .! % ;.
MON.. Tues.. We<}.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9.C,
a. m., 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night): 1 rl- :
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 1
p m. Landing and offlce. Mission street Doclc ,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1503. *_
FARE ■ ">_•
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
I_S3SE_-
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
BAN FRANQISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00.. 11:00 a. m. ; 12:35,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a, m. ; 1:30. 3:30,
0:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. . ' .
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m. '
, Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Pari
came schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect I San Francisco.
. 1 April 16. L r- ,
Week Sun- 1»99. I S-"it- j Week
Days. ) days. . Destination. ' Jays. | Days,
7:30 am', 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 an)
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma, 6:05 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:30 pm
Fulton,
1:30 am Windsor, 19:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm -
_ 1 : .
7:30 am j Hopland and 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. • 7:35 pm- 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
8:30 pmi 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm : Glen Ellen. J 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am , 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pmi 5:00 pm! - I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm !
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Fklah for Vichy ,
Springs. Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. '
Bucknell's. Sanhedrin" Heights. Hullviiie, ,
Booneville. Phllo. - Christine, . Soda Springs.
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, . Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal. Willitts. Laytonvllle. Cum- i
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, ;
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round . trip tickets at
reduced . rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H, C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
Leave San Francisco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23. 1899.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur- .
day at- 5:1." p. m., "Returning Same Even- | !
ings. Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m. j
SUNDAYS. 8. 9, 10 and 11 a. m.: and 1:45. 2:30
and 4 p. m. •
Fare, S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS COOK & SON. Agts.; 621 Market st. |
BALLBOAD TBAVEI..
THERM PACIFIC (O'lPiJiT.
(pacific system.)
Trains leave nml are due to arrive «■
MAN I"K4X«'I.SM».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tEAVB -— From Junk 25, 1899. — arbits
7:o© a Benicia, Suleuu and .Saoramento — 0:43s
?:OUa Marysville, Orovilleand Redding Tia
Woodland '. 8:45p
7:00 a Elmira, VacaTille and Kumsey 8:*5»
7:30 a Martinez, Sonßamon, Vallejo, Napa,
Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:13 s
SiOOa Atlantic Express, Ogdeu and Fust.. Oil-*
Mi'JOa Bah .lose, LlTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Placerrille,
Marysvillo, Chico. Red Uluff 4il«»
fti-0.. •Milton, Oakdale and Sonora 4il3p
•:30a Yost mite Valley via Oakdale and
Chinese.... .*-.?•
0:00 a Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 1 1:13*
B.ooa Martinc-, Tracy. Lathrop. Stockton,
Merc-d an 1 Fresno 18:1B»
D:»lii Fresno, l!akersli«!.l. Santa li.irtura,
Los Angeles, Demlna £1 Paso,
Now Orleans and 6H-.F
10:00 a Val!. j... Martinez and Way Stations 7:43»>
1 1 :OOa Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 8:13»
12:00k Niles, Llrermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia.
PorterTillo 4 • 1 3
•l:00_> Sacramento i.ivor Steamers 'SiOOp
8:00f Hayvvarjß, Niles and Way Stations. »:43»
.mill- Martinez. Kan Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, CHllstogn, Santa Uosa 0»13a
4:OOp Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
'.Hand, Knights Landing,
MarysTille. OroTllle IO:4»A
4«3opNile3, San .lose and Stockton ....... 7:13f
4:30p Yosemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13r
5-.OOpT;.i <">'.vl. Tracy. I'resuo. Bakers-
fleld, auras for Santa Barbara.
Los Angeles 9:494
S:3op Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13s
3:' tOp Martincr. Tracy, Mendota, FreSDO,
MojaTe nnd l.os Ange1e5.. ....... 8»43a
St3»p Santa Ie Route, Atlantio Express
for Mi.leve and ' East 0:4.1F
•■•Or Chicsgo-San Francisco Special, Ogdeu
and Hast... J:l-"Sp
•:OOp Haywards, and San Jose 7t-3*
•8:OOi- Vuilejo 1 a:19»
7iOOp Oregon i:x|>resi»,S»eranieuto, Marys-
ville, ' Redding, r.'itlnn.l, Fuget
Honnduii'l Mast 7«48a
JBsOOp Vallejo, Port CosU nod Way Sta-
tlons tlO:t*»OF
COAST IU VISION (Narrow l.noi.*e).
■ (Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Banta Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and r*rincii«il Way Statloua JBH>3»
8: 15a Newark, (. 'enter »iil?,!jan. l use, Feiton,
Bonluer Cn'ck.l-.'an! a umi Way
Stations 3«30l»
•8«13p Newark, Center Til San .lore. New
Almaden, Felton. 800 l «.'reck,
Santa Cruz and l'llncipal Way
Stations.. 'lO^O*
4:13 p Sen Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20»
64: 1 Felton, Santa Cruz and Way St.-
tions . . .. . ■ /Q:g<»a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
horn SiX FRIKCISC0 — rcot of Mar_et Street .-..:■ 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. J 1:00 *2:33 13:03
•*:00 tS:00 *C:Coi*.«.
Ir«»0..-..D— Fool or Broad w«j.— 'C-.CO 8:00 10:00 a. St.
___ *I:C3 ___ *3:C3 tl-CO •5:00 p.m.
COAST II! VISION (Broad (.ange).
(Third and Townsend St«.) r
•OilOa Ocean View. South .an Frincisco.. *0:30p
•7:00 a San Jose and Way Stations (New .
Almaden Wednesdays only) «8:004
t?:SOA Sunday Fxcursion for Santa Cruz,
■ Pacifio GroTo tLd Frincipai Way
Stations 18:33«>
OiOOa San .lose, Ires Finos, , Kanta Crux,
Pacilic Grove. Pan It. .Lies, Sim
Luis Ol.iaro. Surf, Lompoc and
Frlrct-wl Way St.nt.lons 4:10p
IO:40a San Joae anil Wny Stations «:*»*
11:3»A Sau Jose and Way Stations It3o_>
•2:43p San Mateo, Redwood. Menlo Park,
V-.-.'r, Alto, Santa Clara. San .i..p.-,
Hollister. Snnta < in.. Salinas,
Monterey and Pacflta Grove. *10:36 a
*Bi3op San Jose. Santa Cruz, Pacifio Grove
•.ml Principal Way .Stations *7:30p
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations U:43 a
•3:oopSan Joso and Principal Way Stations *8>:3..a.
5:!IOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations "9:OOa
8:30p San Jose and Way Stations StSOp
|U:l..[- San Jose an. l Way .Stations' 17:»0p
A for Morning. 1* tor Afternoon
•Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only. I Saturday ouljl
(Saturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY PAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE!
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IS
EVERY DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
.NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 82.
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 153 L
OAKLAND OFFICE. lUS Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE. 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. Via Sausalito Ferry. '
Commencing* April 23. 1899.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO, *8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.;
•1:45. 3:20. 4:00. •6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00, *9:00. »10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.: 1:00, *1:45. *2:30, *4:00. 0:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafl Sunday..
5:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked fl run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:25. •6:40. 7:55, 8:40, *10:20
a. m.; 12:30. 2:.5."»3:40, 4:3:., 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS -on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 7:00. *S:00. »9:45. '10:45. -*11:.»
a. m. ;* 1:00, 2:29, •3:30. '5:15, '6:00, 7:00, 10:15
P- m - -. "~
Trains market (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK. DAYS — 5:45, 6:50, 7:55, ' 8:55, 10:35
a. m. ; 12:35, 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m. f--
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday's
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.*. 12:06,
1:20. 2:40, 3:55. 5:30. 6:30, 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sunday-— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. \ | North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed, j Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday | *?er.
Dally. (Exc'ptd |Exc'ptd i Dally.
7:20 am! 10:30 am Stockton | 3:45 pm 6:00 pm,
9:10 am 1 2:05 pm! Merced 12:40 pm: 4:13 pra
10:40 am 5:35 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pro
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford | 7:45 am 1:45 pm.
2:25 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld I 3:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 am 6:25 pm Visalia I 6:40 ami 1:22 pm
12:15 pm 6:53 pm! Tulare ' 5:50 ami LP. pm
Stopping: at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Trafll.' Manager's Office. 321 Market
street, San Francisco.
wuor--Ga_L $L : oo -m Tw -
1314
BLANKET SCHEME OF
CRIMMINS AND KELLY
A Device to Capture the Republican
Convention.
Board of Election Commissioners May Determine to
Cast Aside the Apportionment at Large and Pro
vide for Election of Delegates by
Assembly Districts.
THE Republican County Committee,
in the adoption of the blanket
ticket scheme, took orders from
Crimmins and Kelly. It appears
that the committeemen who were
so eager to obey the bosses gave no
time to the consideration of the law.
The plan of apportionment; adopted
may therefore be set aside as contrary
to the provisions of the primary elec
tion law. Lawyers who have given the
subject earnest attention and whose
counsel was sought when th.- measure
was pending before the Legislature en
tertained the opinion that the term "at
Jarge" used In the law means Assembly
district. Surely the example of a bal
lot contained in the law leaves out this
assumption. The form given as the ex
ample indicates that eight delegates are
to be voted for. The framers of the act
jio doubt had in mind eight delegates
from an Assembly district, which in
San Francisco would give a conven
tion of 124 delegates.
The plan of apportionment or the
-scheme of electing delegates at large
recommended by the County Committee
ought not to in adopted by the Election
•Commissioners, because it is cumber
some, absurd, vicious and expensive.
Days if not a week will be required to
count the ballots and enter on the tally
■sheets the vote for each delegate. Un
der the system which permits the vot
ers in every precinct to vote for all the
delegates to the convention each ballot
►cast will contain the name of 306 dele
gates to the Republican convention in
••addition to the names of delegates to
•the conventions respectively of other
political parties.
The Democratic vote under the As
sembly apportionment plan might be
tallied in seven or eight hours, as each
ballot will contain say seventeen names,
but when it comes to a tally of all the
names on the Republican ballot the
number of hours must be multiplied by
eighteen— the number of the Assembly
districts. It may therefore require 124
hours to tally the Republican vote.
To make room for. 306 names in let
ters of the size designated by law the
ballot must be more than six feet long.
It is suggested that Phil Crimmins and
Martin Kelly desired in presenting
this style of ballot to bring the law
Into derision. The Election Commis
sioners may therefore deem it right and
proper to declare that no apportionment
within the scope of the law has been
designated, and proceed under author
CLASH BETWEEN
D. M. BURNS AND
THE GOVERNOR
Gage's Recent Airs of
Independence.
— —
WARM WORDS EXCHANGED
— »
TROUBLE GREW OUT OF STATE
PRISON PATRONAGE.
♦
The Executive and the Mexican Could !
Not Agree on a Candidate for
Commissary at San
Quentin.
♦
The air of independence assumed by
Governor Gage is producing agitation
in the political atmosphere. The gen
eral belief is that a clash between Burns
and Gage is impending. Inside Intelli
gence is to the effect that the Mexican
and the executive had a little "tiff"
about the selection of a commissary at
San Quentin. Gage is reported to have
displayed the courage, or exhibited the
effrontery, to suggest that he should
have a voice in the selection of the
prison attaches.
Burns had a candidate for commis
sary to succeed Thomas Mekinson, and
directed Warden Aguirre to appoint
that candidate. The Governor desired
that Thomas Foley, the father of \V. I.
Foley, his priyate secretary, should re
appointed. Burns and Gage had a
warm exchange of words over this pa
tronage. Th- Governor was inclined to
yield, when he ascertained that the
Board of Prison Directors would not
stand for the man of Burns' choice. The
directors indicated that a scandal would
follow if the Mexican's candidate ob
tained the position. Still Aguirre and
Burns insisted, and then the board
threatened to lower the salary to $25
a .nth if Burns' favorite were in
stalled. .
Gage, who had weakened at first,
braced up and told Burns that the ap
pointment (the Mexican's choice)
should not be made. This nearly caus
ed an open break, and so angered
Burns that he said harsh words, with
the result that Gage told Burns it
would be a fine thing to let him (Gage)
run at least one institution to suit him
self. Since then Burns has not had a
thing to say in prison .affairs and ap
peals to him for places have met with
the reply that he was keeping his
hands off San Quentin and Folsom.
The next row came over the appoint
ment of Leon Dennery. Burns was
promised by Gage, some time ago, thai
he should have the exclusive handling
of the Board of Health. Who:, .he
board objected to Dennery, \ Burns
whipped it into -line. So keen -was the
feeling in local political circles that
politicians of both parties (certain
Democrats taking a hand out of per
sonal friendship and common railroad
affiliations) went to Gage and told him
that the advocacy of such men as Den
. nery by Burns was bringing a stain
un the administration that would prove
ineffaceable and could not help but in
jure the Governor in the worst way
possible. Gage thought the matter over
and finally mildly expostulated with
Burns, who replied that it was Dennery
. .....
ity of the primary act to apportion by
Assembly district. The County Com
mittee, perhaps inadvertently, left the
way clear for the performance of the
act by the Commissioners when it des
ignated seventeen delegates from each
district in order to provide for the
whole number of 306.
Should Crimmins and Kellv resent
this interference they can appeal to the
courts. It would then be seen whether
the courts would construe a statute to
lead to such an absurdity as that which
the County Committee suggests In pro
viding a blank ticket in which the elec
tor is asked to write in 306 names, or
provide a paster six feet in length. No
doubt the bosses surmise that only
rounders and regular political workers
will take the trouble to paste in all the
306 names.
The Republicans of san Francisco
hoped that the County Committee
would respect the sentiments of the
people. The public was weary of the
tight for spoils which had brought to
the front contending factions of the
Democratic party. The demagogic
tricks of Phelan. the smooth manipula
tion of McNab's Committee of One
Hundred, and the appearance of Ross
Buckley, backed by the railroad power,
caused the reputable citizens and tax
payers of the community to turn to the
Republican organization for good gov
ernment .under the new charter. The
County Committee had the opportunity
that comes not often to the leaders of
the political organization. The bosses
of the Kelly and Crimmins type, true
to the instincts of bossism, took the
first opening to betray the people.
They deliberately threw to the winds
the fair prospect of success by honest
methods to invite defeat by clumsy tac
tics of political dishonesty. The suspi
cion is aroused that railroad
influences, which recently gained con
trol of the Democratic machine, were
brought to bear in the Republican
County Committee.
The Republican taxpayers and
voters, sustained by a large following
of the Non-Partisans, asked for the
simple privilege of electing decent,
reputable citizens to a municipal nomi
nating convention, but Crimmins and
Kelly, taking counsel of political
rounders in a barroom, instructed the
committee to present a scheme which
would deprive the precincts and As
sembly districts of direct representa
tion in the convention^
The Republicans of the city will find
some way to set aside this latest de
cree of the local boss. Good citizens of
every shade of political sentiment may
unite to down the bosses, the dema
gogues and the monopolies.
or nobody. This widened the breach
and Gage remarked that Burns was
getting a little too careless.
Shortly before Burns took his Shasta
trip the Governor and he had a tiff
about something, the precise nature
which has not been learned. It is known
that the Governor told Burns that if
his incumbency proved unpopular it
was the fault of the colonel.
These affairs are what led the Gov
ernor to grow diffident about the extra
session. Certain men are now working
hard with the Governor against an ex
tra session and Burns will cut his .
Shasta trip short on account of hurried
information sent him that he is needed ;'
"on the spot."
BUCKLEY WOULD
MAKE A TAMMANY
HE PLANS TO STAY AWHILE IN
SAN FRANCISCO POLITICS.
| The New County Committee .Will
Consider a Lasting Organization
Along With the General
Election Programme.
... — —
The Buckley faction of the local Democ
racy has planned and resolved to become :
the Tammany of all of San Francisco. |
The Buckley organization is to [follow j
closely the plan of the Tammany organi- I
zation of New York by being constituted
on a plan so thorough and far-reaching
that it will be represented by an organiza
tion in every precinct in the city.
This thorough organization is to be
maintained far beyond the primary cam- |
paign for which the existent political
clubs are supposed to be organized. When
the coming primary campaign ani the
succeeding municipal campaign are over
the organization now being perfected is,
according to the plan outlined, to be con
tinned for the purposes of future cam-!
paigns. This ambition Is, of course, one ■
thing and its realization another.
At the second meeting of the Buckley
Demo rati'- County Committee in the new
rooms of the faction in the Baldwin An
nex last night this plan was without dis
cussion forwarded by the appointment of
a committee "to consider the advisability
of making it a permanent organization,
consisting of S. Sullivan, J. D. Condon, L.
Dunn. J. Carew an.i S. H. Smith. This
provisional county committee, which met 1
last night, will go out of existence as a
county committee when the Democratic
municipal convention names the legal !
Democratic County Committee under the
primary law, and the "permanent organ
ization" mentioned in the resolution is '
the. permanent and Independent Buckley
Democratic organisation described and
planned.
Tier- was a lar«re attendance at the '
meeting last night and the highest qual
ity of oil in the market lubricated tin har
monious proceedings. The main business '
transacted was" the appointments of im-
I portant committees, There was appointed i
a committee of eighteen "on manage
ment." to supervise all matters of organi
zation and all election and party affairs i
not relegated to other committees. This
was the first appearance in San Fran-
Cisco politics of a. committee "on man- I
agement."
Then there was also provided in the '
quickly adopted report of the committee !
on by-laws and order of business named
at the last meeting a committee on "har
mony." one of eighteen on "district
clubs.' one to have charge of Headquar
ters and a finance committee. It was de
cided to temporarily designate the organi
zation a*- the "General Committee of As
sociated Democratic District Clubs of San
Francisco."
In some of the districts toe existence of
two clubs brought about a postponement
of nominations for district representation
on committees and the committee on
"harmony" will be named next week. The
committees, as far as constituted, were as
follows: .->,:.■*
Management— Twenty-eighth District, Dr J
J. Kepfe: Twenty-ninth. J. D. Condon; Tni'r
tleth. Edward Harrington: Thirty-first! (-,,n
Newman; Thirty-second, John Daly; Thirty !
fifth, Jefferson .Martinet; Thirty-sixth. <-. ii
Bryant; Thirty-seventh. Harry Kelly; Thirty
ninth. M. Schwartz: Fortieth, Parker Jones •
Forty-first. S. Harrison Smith; Forty-third In-'
Doryea; Forty-fourth. James A. Devoto; Forty
fifth. F. A. Chapuis.
District Clubs— Twenty-eighth, George W.
Bridge-wood; Twenty-ninth, J. B. McShee: Th1r
.:.... ; .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX*, SATURDAY^ JULY 8, 1899.
tleth, William Pratt; Thirty-first, M. Sullivan;
' Thirty-second. Herman Mark; Thirty-fifth.
| Lawrence Dunn; Thirty-sixth, 3. H. Baer;
; Thirty-seventh. J. F. Sullivan: Thirty-ninth, H.
Falk: Fortieth, Matthew Brady; Forty-first, T.
I R. MaßUlre: Forty-second, J. O'Connor: Forty
! third, B. Sullivan; Forty-fourth, J. T. Cosgrove;
! Forty-fifth, E. J. Jeffries. ■
Finance— Dr. C. V. Cross, Charles McCarthy,
A. Tillman. J. W. Riel>. E. McGeeney.
| Headquarters— lam Douthitt, M. F. Smith,
I T. J. "Carroll. '■'. -.'.'j;'.;'"'.:
Preparing for the Primaries.
The Board of Election Commissioners
met yesterday and awarded the contract
for erecting election booths for the pri
mary election to McXear & Button on
their bid of $8 72 each for repairing."erect
ing, removing and storing election booths;
$'• SO each for lamps and chairs, and $1 9"
each for stalls and furnishings in rented
places.
A petition from the Socialist Labor
patty to be given a place on the primary
election ballot was placed on file. Com
missioner Lane reported that the condi
tion of the three suits brought to test
the validity of the new charter and the
primary election law were all in satis
factory shape, and that- the special coun
sel employed to defend the litigation were
actively at work in the city s interest.
The board will meet again this morning
to consider the application of the Regis
trar for additional help.
Democrats in Session.
The regular weekly, meeting of the
Twenty-ninth Assembly District Demo
cratic Club was held at its rooms, 8-S
Howard street, last night. After the reg
ular order of business has been dispensed
with the meeting was addressed by Hon.
A. B. Morgan, Thomas l_gan and others.
Fifty new members signed the roll.
City Republican League.
The Central Republican Committee of
the City Republican League, an organi
zation of which Henry T. Scott is presi
dent and James A. Wilson secretary, has
established commodious headquarters on
the parlor floor of the Grand Hotel. Many
applications for membership were re
ceived yesterday. The promoters of the
league a-ssert that organization has been
effected in every Assembly district of the
city. ■ ■
THE SUPREME CHIEF.
A Prominent Companion of the Forest
of America Will Arrive From,
the East To-Day.
The Executive Council of the Compan
ions of the Forest of America of the juris
diction of California at. a meeting yester
day concluded arrangements to receive
They're Going to Try to Force It Oq the City.
| Mrs. S. Storey, the supreme companion of
| the order, who will reach this city to-day
| from the Bast, via Los Angeles. She will
'be welcomed by Miss Agnes D. Bremer,
I grand financial secretary, whose guest she
will oe at her home in Alameda.
On the night of Friday next Mrs. Storey
i ■will be tendered a reception In Golden
Gate Hall, on Sutter street, and to this
all members of the courts of the Forest
ers of America and members of the circles
of the Companions have been invited. The
grand chief ranger. Superior Judge
Hughes of Sacramento, litis accepted art
: invitation to be present, and he will de-
I liver an address. There will be an Inter
i esting programme. <mi the Monday fol-
I lowing the distinguished visitor will be
tendered a banquet. During her stay in
this State she will visit many circles, and
the committee will show her all points of
I interest wherever she goes.
FATHER AND SON ARRESTED.
Immediately after the performance of
the "Flying Banvards" at the Olympia j
last night. Officer H. McMurray of the ;
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children , served a warrant on
Bert Banvard, the father of Fritz Ban- j
yard, the 9-year-old boy who is the fea- |
ture of the act. The officer proceeded un- j
■ der the ordinance which makes it a mis- :
demeanor to allow any child under 14 ]
years of age to engage In an acrobatic act.
The boy was also arrested, but both se
cured their release upon Manager Walter
stein depositing $40 cash bail for their ap- |
pearance in court to-day.
Secretary Wadham of the Eureka So- :
ciety was on hand to witness the act, and j
says that he will arrest the father and j
Waltersteln to-day. It was a pretty con- j
test between the two societies, in which
the California, organization won out.
Manager Waltersteln says that he ia |
perfectly willing to comply with the law. !
but claims that the Banvards appeared |
for three weeks at the Chutes and were]
' not molested, and. their act was done in
mid-air, which he would not allow at the
Olympia; where it is performed on hori
zontal bars six feet from the floor, with a
net underneath.
The hoy Fritz was seen after the per
formance and showed no had effects. Pro
fessor Mlehling of the" Olympic Club has
< pronounced him one of the most perfect
specimens of boyhood he had ever seen.
I Secretary Wadham claims that harm to
| the hoy 'may not result immediately, but
' it will In time.
Charles L. Ackerman, attorney for Mr.
, Waltersteln, In. discussing the subject,
said: "The act. provides that if the ex
hibition is injurious to the physical wel
; fare of the. child it can be prohibited. It
also discriminates, inasmuch as It confers
on tin- Mayor and the • Supervisors the
power to permit any such exhibition. For
that reason the statute cannot stand and
has been defeated in* numerous cases."
_. .
Rev. William Hall More-land,
Professor Louis Dv Pont Syle. Professor
Charles Gayley. Read Admiral Selwyn,
Lieutenant Colonel Dorst and a story of
the original of Rider Haggard's "Allan
Quatermain." . Congressmen Hull and
Payne and others figure, amusingly in the
Looker-On: the Presidential possibilities of
Carter Harrison, Mayor of Chicago*.
Henry Crocker's scheme to help the wine
growers' of California; university presi
dent vs. university figurehead; the story
of Mrs. Potter Palmer's snub of Princess
Eulalla, social, dramatic, literary news
and bright stories— all in to-day's News
Letter, together with a handsome full
page half-tone of the cruiser Philadelphia
—all for 10 cents of all news dealers. *
PEOPLE OF THE CITY
ARE UNJUSTLY TAXED
... * - -. . v
Gross Discrimination Is Shown in
Favor of the State.
Merchants Make New Criticisms of the Assessment
Made by Dodge— lnterior Counties Take
Advantage of San Francisco,
THE assessment of city and county
property made by Assessor Wash
ington Dodge is still a matter of
deep concern and comment to lo-
cal merchants. While it is uni
versally conceded that the Assessor
was justified in raising the property
values of corporations and banks, mer
chants insist that he has failed utterly
to make a just equalization of city and
county values. More than this, it is
claimed that he has discriminated
grossly against the city and county and
in favor of the State, placing San Fran
cisco more than it ever was before at
the mercy of the interior counties of
California.
There is a disposition on the part of
Assessors of interior counties to reduce
their assessments this year and thus
inflict upon San Francisco a double in
justice. Assessor Dodge has increased
the assessable values of city and coun
ty property 000,000. The Assessor of
Alameda -has reduced the total assess
ment of that county $1,250,000. There
is every indication that every other in-
j terior county will follow the step taken
I by the county of Alameda.
People of San Francisco will there
| fore have to face a double disadvantage
I owing to the assessment placed by
Dodge. Even if the interior counties
j did. not reduce their assessments San
I Francisco will have to contribute two
! hundred and fifty thousand dollars more
j than it should rightly be asked to do.
. Under normal conditions this city and
county contributes one-third of the
i revenue of the State government. Un
der the increased assessment made by
I Assessor Dodge the city will be com
■ pelled to contribute nearly 50 per cent
iof the revenues of the State, If in ad
; dition to these conditions the interior
! counties reduce .their assessments, San
Francisco will be enormously overtaxed
to support the State government.
Every dollar that is taken from the
! taxable values of the property of the
interior counties is added to the taxable
j value of San Francisco property. It is
i this unjust discrimination on the
| part of the Assessor that has drawn
PROFESSORS PRESENTED
WITH HANDSOME TOKENS
RECEIVE GOLDEN GIFTS FROM
THEIR STUDENTS.
Senior Class of College of Physicans
and Surgeons Honors the
Faculty. .
At the conclusion of the final exami
nations of the College of Physicians and
Surgeons held last night in the institu
tion on Howard street, four of the pro-
| feasors were called before the senior
! class and presented with valuable tokens
I of the esteem In which they are regarded
by the pupils who have listened to their
wise counsel during the past term. Sev
eral of the students made the presenta
tion speeches and the grateful recipients
•responded In feeling terms.
The first one to receive the substantial
appreciation of intending practitioners
was Dr. Edward S. Howard, at present
acting professor In surgery in place of
Dr. Joseph R. I. am.-. Dr. Howard was
presented with a handsome golu match
box studded with costly jewels. ,
Dr. J. S. Asay. professor of dental
pathology and therapeutics, received a
gold-headed cane; Dr. John F. Dillon,
professor of materia medica. was placated
by a silk umbrella with a mother of pearl
and silver Inlaid handle, and Thomas
Morffew. president of the dental faculty
and professor of operative dentistry and
dental histology, was consoled with a
jeweled gold watch fob.
After the presentations the company ad
journed to a downtown restaurant, where
the health of the professor'- and the stu
dents was drunk in bumpers of sparkling
wine.
The graduating exercises of the College
of -Physicians and Surgeons will be held
at the California Theater next Wednes
day'evening.-.-Ninety graduates will re
forth from the merchants their vigor
ous protest. They do not find fault
with the Assessor for having made his
increase of taxable values in the cor
poration and capitalistic classes, but it
is urged vehemently that he should
have kept the aggregate down to $350,
--000,000. ,
He has made no equalization of prop
erty values, nor will the injustice of the
assessment be only temporary. The
State Board of Equalization has been
too eager in the past to increase the
San Francisco assessment and it is not
by any means likely to reduce it after
the Assessor has made his estimate.
Through the enormous increase of city
and county property values people will
also suffer under the charter, which
provides that there shall be a dollar
limit on every one hundred dollars on
a total assessed valuation of city and
county property, whatever that valua
tion may be. Under the charter, there
fore, the people of the city will have a
dollar limit on a total assessment of
four hundred and seven millions in-
-.- - ■■ / ■ ■ ■ ■ : -' i ■■..■■ ■-■ ■ -. ...»
stead of on a total assessment of three
hundred and fifty millions.
The experience of most of the great
cities of the Union has been that a j
high rate an.i low assessment is pre- |
ferable to a low rate and high assess- '
ment. It is asserted also that Assessor
Dodge Is not entitled to the exclusive
credit of increasing the assessment of j
a great deal of property that hitherto
had escaped taxation. Expert Piatt of
the committee on personal property i
of the Board of Supervisors rendered I
much valuable service to the Assessor
in uncovering property that had before
escaped taxation. This is particularly
true in reference to the assessment of
merchandise in bond, of premiums in '
course of collection, of franchises of
insurance companies, . of corporation
stocks held here but secured by tangi
ble property outside of the State.
These criticisms of the policy of the As- j
sessor have gained wide currency and
promise to make interesting the ses
sions of the Board of Supervisors when
it meets as a Board of County Equali
sation.
ceive their . diplomas in either medicine,
dentistry or pharmacy, and the pro
gramme will be a particularly Interest
ing one. At the conclusion of the exer
cises the Alumni will give an elaborate
banquet in the hotel dining hall, at which
two hundred guests will assemble.
MEDAL FOR MISS KILLEY.
-;,'■<"-■ , .
Ladies of the Pollywog Club Honor
the Champion Swimmer.
Miss Ida A. Killey. the champion lady
swimmer and high diver of the coast, was
presented with a silver medal yesterday
morning by a number of her friends and
admirers, all members of the Pollywog
Club. The affair was a great surprise to
Miss Killey.
The "champion lady swimmer left last
evening for Providence, R. 1., and her
friends wished her to carry with her a
souvenir as a token of their esteem. The
presentation wok place at the Lurline
baths at a. regular meeting of the Polly
wog Club. Mrs. Robert Ferral. in a neat
little speech expressive of the warm re
gard and good wishes of the donors, pre
sented the lady with a handsome, medal
suitably engraved. Miss Killey responded
with appropriate remarks.
The ladies having the affair in charge
were: Mrs. W. .T. Martin. Mrs. J. ___.
Naliy. Mrs. A. C. Cabel, Mrs. E. Brown
and Mrs. Robert rial.
Death of Dr. Albertson.
Dr. J. A. Albertson died yesterday morn
ing at the 'Hotel rieasanton -after
a rather long and painful illness.
He had practiced medicine in this city
for more than thirty years and was w.-ii
known and highly respected. He , was
about 70 years of age and a native of
Rochester. N. Y. At the time of his death
lie was president of the Hahnemann Hos
pital College. He leaves a widow and one
son. •:.;.."' '■ ' V\ , «
Bag Time Hayes, the Pianist
At Kapp & Street, tamale Grotto; nightly. •
Hales. |
.
} Saturday l_?yz_7* ?
r 7 ' ' * . Ask for a >
> dry=goods **"-**> £
L wants. /
l Hints from Hales. The little things you'll i
/ need to-morrow. Clearing time now. Saving J
>time, too. Many lots at clean-up prices. New -L
; styles arriving also. A medley of interest— a S
\ store full of good things. X
*\ New Veilings— big lot of popular sorts ready for you to-day. PI" 1'" a "'l C
J dotted black tuxedo, Russian £.- Brussels net, white tuxedo with black, cnenio -^
dot. plain and dotted chiffon, black tuxedo with assorted dots, and af r T vi d J
5 of wash veils. A big assortment, select styles , ''° a - f
f New Veilings—looo yards Russian <_ Brussels net. or plain . dotted meshes. •
also grenadine veiling with chenille dot In all black, new blue or white, now 7^
) being introduced at Hale's .:...2*C a _a.-t_; ■.
Hare You Ever Worn Our H. B. $I.W glove?—li took us years to get a good X
glove for Sl.no. Hale's California stores probably sell more gloves than any nrrn *
, west of Chicago. It was necessary that we should get the- best glove for $'•'•"■* 1
procurable. We think that we have it. A big line of all the stylish shades. ..-\
1 guaranteed and fitted, cleaned and mended as many times as you like ..,....- ,M
J 7 .«>«> a pair M-,
X . Ladles' Swiss Ribbed Lisle Vests—A big lot to be closed out to-day, -low- Xv .
J ' neck, no sleeves, natural grey, pink and blue, nearly all sizes, a 3Sc vest;• ■. _J ■
r clean-up price ■ "I,c T
i Ladies* Fancy White Lisle Vests, with pink, blue or lavender stripes, low i •
J neck, no sleeves, silk tape neck and armlets; all sizes, a 2"«- line to be closed _a
out to-day 15c each f
J Ladies' Black Cotton Hose— finished, double soles, extra high double %.
* heels, full length, elastic top. sizes 8% to 10, at Hale's lOc a pair ~k
I Children's Jackets— 26 children's jackets, ages from 4to 6 years, in red, . M
I blue and green, prettily trimmed with .braid. A jacket that sold for $4.2^ cut « .
J to close at Hales... $~.50 ■
)33 Children's Jackets, ages 4 to 12 years, red or blue, prettily made and
perfect fit, a neat little garment for summer year; cut to close at Hale's
\ .; J»Bc each ■
White Pique Skirts—Full width and well made fI.OO each
L White Duck Skirts -Just the thing for summer picnics HOc each
X Striped crash Skirts—Neat as wax. don't show soil 05c each
]■ Plain Crash Skirts—Price hardly big enough to pay for the making 40c M
>Deep cuts in millinery — "stocktaking results," we j
heard one of our young ladies say. Even our salesfolks m
I are buying. \
' '^uE^^m/ _-_Wry w _-___% ® ii--^ c
1
*-* -la^y**''*'* r-'miA* -^
; 935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market St. C
L___ _^%_/V^\___^%/^-^^/^%_<\-^*^_^^_s/\_^N___^-A
PHELAN ESCAPES
FROM THE HORNS
OF A DILEMMA
Gossip Caused by His
Hasty Vacation.
WHAT RUMOR HAS TO SAY j
. a—
SEEKS TO EVADE THE MESHES
OF THE "DOG ORDINANCE."
A Trip to Yosemite Just at a Time j
When His Presence Is Urg
ently Needed in San
Francisco.
a—
Mayor Phelan started on a trip to To
semlte Valley somewhat hurriedly last I
: Thursday night, and yesterday it was
gossiped around the City Hall that his
j Honor is artfully dodging some exceed
j ingly important Issues which he does not
I care to go squarely for or against. This j
, gossip may or may not have any founda- :
; tion, out It is regarded as most peculiar j
i that he should rush off just at this time, j
when so many serious matters demand his j
attention. Instead of waiting until August, j
when the Board of Supervisors will take
' a vacation. '■■'.'- ■**
For instance, there is the tax levy with |
its manifold complications to be straight- j
ened out. Last Monday the Mayor prom- !
ised to confer with the Finance Commit
., tee regarding the levy, hut when Chair
, man Perrault of the committee sought to
l Induce him to fix a date for the confer
ence the Mayor somewhat .testily replied
I that any time in the course of a couple |
Of weeks would do. .'_'[• V." .-". "".'"".
Then again the Election Commissioners
are extremely anxious to have the Major
in attendance when they act upon the
matter of allowing the Registrar addi- j
I tional help, and In deciding upon the bal
lot for the primary election, hut those are
matters that cannot be delayed and so the
other Commissioners must get along with
out his advice. * ••- - ■?>.'.■
When the subject of Mayor Phelan s
r hasty departure from the city was
broached yesterday and an explanation
sought the knowing ones winked and [
asked where the Mayor stood in regard
to the "dog ordinance."
The "dog ordinance," so called, is that
which passed the Supervisors last Monday '
' without a dissenting vote. It provides i
! that pool selling and betting shall be al
lowed on .coursing matches within the
i city and county sixty days in each year,
and it is stated that the strongest pres
: sure from many sources was brought to
bear to secure its. passage. The matter
; was not discussed at all and not a voice
was raised against it. |
Now it is claimed the dog ordinance ,
removes the embargo on the Ingleside |
race track and that Corrigan and his
crowd may re-establish their game at the ,
old stand again next fall without any in- !
terference. The original ordinance clos- I
Ing Ingleside was general in Its terms and ,
included coursing as well. But the new
ordinance. It is stated. Is special legisla- j
tion and as it repeals part of the original
law and discriminates against horse
racing it must necessarily repeal the
whole act. ... . -._
That is where the joker comes in. The
same Influence that was used upon the
Supervisors has undoubtedly been ex- j
erted upon the Mayor to get him to sign !
i* but those know-alls intimate that his
Honor, realizing the far-reaching effects .
of the new law. found himself between .
the horns of a dilemma and sought safety
in flight. If he signed the order, they say. i
! lie would Stultify himself in regard to '
: the stand he has taken on the Ingleside j
i track and if he vetoed it he would call ,
1 down upon his head the vengeance of the |
! powerful supporters of coursing. So he i
■ Suddenly found it convenient to take a
vacation and will allow the new order to ;
become a law without his signature. there- :
by hoping to carry water on both shoul- j
i ders. ->■ ■■' > ■'--•
■ Moreover, these gossips call attention
to* the electric franchises that have not
■ vet been signed. The Mayor's opposition
to granting any more franchises until the
new. charter becomes operative was well i
! known, but as soon as the Merchants' ;
Association declared in favor of them the ,
Mayor's hostility suddenly ceased. Still l
Mayor Phelan cannot be expected to have :
much love for the Market-street company, I
and rumor has it that if he can evade '
signing the franchise orders he .is not
likely tr strain himself in his eagerness i
to aftix his signature thereto. it is point- j
ed out that by withholding his signature |
the Mayor might hope to continue In i
favor with those who opposed the grant
ing of the franchises, while by refraining
from vetoing them and allowing them to
become operative he. would not Incur the
displeasure of the Merchants" Association, i
Hence Ins trip to Yosemite just at this j
critical stage
Of course this is mere rumor and the
Mayor may yet put the gossips to blush
by signing the "dog ordinance" and the
franchises. The former was passed last '
_^_^_^^t^'^^^^^-^
Monday, but owing to the holiday on
Tuesday Its publication could not begin
until Wednesday. That -uruld leave until
next Saturday for the Mayor to sign or
veto it.
Colonel Sullivan, Mayor Phelan's secre
tary, when asked when his Honor would
return, replied "In a few days."' but could
not or would not give the exact date.
STANCH FOB PROGRESS.
Merchants' Associations' Committees
at Work on the Tax Levy.
At the regular meeting of the directors
of the Merchants' Association yesterday
the following were elected as members of
the association, making the total member
ship at present 1065: Alfred Bouvier; Brit
tain & Co.; Hoffman. Rothchild & Co.;
Edward < '. Hughes: C. TV. Kellogg Com
pany: W. W. Magary: Neville & Co.:
Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Company;
Teefe & Co.; Whitehead & Hoag Com
pany. .: .-.'.
Seven reports from the special commit
tees were received upon the tax levy.
Three additional committees reported that
the work was now in preparation and the
others that the. reports would be- ready
about the 15th of the month. As soon as
the reports of all these special commit
tees upon the tax levy are received by the
board of directors a report embracing all
of them will be submitted to the Board of
Supervisors. It is expected that this re
port upon the tax levy for the next fiscal
year and embracing recommendations for
public improvements will be ready for
submission to the Board of Supervisors
before the expiration of this month.
Secretary Freud reported that the ordi
nance prepared by the association for un
derground electric wires and approved by
the various companies having wires over
head was sent to the Board of Supervisors
and reported upon favorably by the Street
Committee of the board. Under the pro
visions of this ordinance all overhead elec
tric wires in the central part of the city
will be down within one year and gener
ally throughout the city within a period
of three years.
.HILD'S PECULIAR DEATH.
Suffocated by Large Pillows Which
Propped It Up on a Bed.
The seven months' old child of George
Kotta, residing at 4 Scholl street, came to
its death in a very peculiar manner yes
terday afternoon. . It was smothered by
pillows which propped it up while it's
mother was out of the room. During yes
terday afternoon Mrs. Kotta had her baby
bolstered up on the bed between two
large pillows while she did her sewing.
About »: o'clock her duties called her to
some other part of the house and she
left the room alone. Upon her return, ten
minutes later, she was horrified to find
the little one's head stuffed down between
a large pillow and the wall. She imme
diately pulled ►the child from its position,
but found that' death had ensued. The
child had fallen over and become suffo
cated before help could reach if. The
Coroner was notified and an investigation
will be held.
.♦ - ,
The famous old JESSE MOORE WHISKY Is
recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because it is pure.
Fairmount Improvement Club.
Much joy was manifested at the meet
ing of the Fairmount Improvement Club
held last night at» the club's hall. 241
Chenery street, over the progress made
by the contractor in laying- the double
railway track for the San "Francisco and
San Mateo electric line on Chenery street.
Since the arrival of- the steel rails from
the East a few weeks ago the work has
advanced at a rapid rate. The double line
will extend from Thirtieth street to Holy
Cross Cemetery and into Glen Park, the
other portion, from Market to Thirtieth
streets, having been relaid some time ago.
OUITsATIJRDAY'S SPECIALS.
EXTRA CHOICE RANCH EGGS- ...... (74c
Regular. -2'i>- doz.
BEST FAMILY FLOUR, 50-lb. sack./ 80c
Take advantage. Regular !>.*.■-.
SAPOLIO. 4 cakes ...25c
Extra Chcice CREAMERY BUTTER . ..32_c
■Market has advanced. Don't forget to ' lav
in your winter supply. No charge for pack
ins. Regular 4"'- squares.
BABBITT'S Ufe), 10 pkgs . . : 2 5 c
6. VENARD'S Ground Chocolate, ■ ib,c an 20c
EASTERNS: 6 HAMS ||= c
MASON'S BALL FRUIT JARS, pts . 45c
Qts 55c, 1-2 gal. 70c doz.
COXJXTRY. ORDERS filled at short notice
and shipped free of charge^ 100 miles.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Storaa.