VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 132.
MARIN TOWNS MENACED
BY BLAZING FORESTS
Many Cottages Destroyed and the
Loss Will Reach at Least a
Half Million.
SAN" RAFAEL, Oct. 10.—
Luigi Ferari, a ranchhand, is
reported missing and believed
to have been caught in the
names. Constable Ga.gner was
seriously burned near Dr.
Warner's place.
MILL VALLEY, Oct. 9.— A forest
fire has been raging on Mount
Tama - since noon to-day, and
at a late hour to-night four square
miles of territory had b&en left a black
and smoking waste. Several cottages on
the outskirts of this place are- totally
destroyed, but 400 men are now fighting
the flames and the town is considered
safe as a whole. The fire threatens to
cross the ridge and destroy Larkspur and
Corte Madera on the east and Bolinas on
the west. In case the flames reach the
Stensor. ranch toward Bolinas, Incalcu
lable damage will be done and it least a
month will be required for the fire to
burn itself out. The damage has already
reached half a million dollars and that
estimate may be doubled by to-morrow.
The fire started at 11:40 a. m. near the
railroad tank half way up the mountain,
and was first discovered by a young son
of Colonel Savage, now at Manila. The
boy promptly Informed Manager Louis
I>. Janes of the Tamalpais Land and
Water Company and A. H. Mclnnes, who
hurriedly drove to where the fire had its
Inception, and seeing that the outlook was
serious sounded the fire alarm.
Word was sent M. Baker, manager o^
the construction department of the North
Pacific Coast Railway at Sausalito, and in
an hour's time 100 men were rushed to Mill
Valley by a special train. They were at
once joined there by 300 citizens, many of
them beir.g metropolitan business men.
and the work of fighting the flames, which
had by this time gained great headway,
was begun. Brush hooks, shovels, axes
and every other contrivance that could be
used was taken aiong, the women helping
the men gather them together.
The first residence endangered was that
of George White, who Is connected with
the cusrom-house. A young lady there
fought the flames with a garden hose, and
the house was saved by the arrival of the
lire fighters, though it is still within the
danger line to-night. The men at "once
began back-firing and drove the flames
toward the mountain: The flames then
Jumped 100 feet to George T. Marsh's
group of cottages, and In spite of hercu
lean work two cottages, known as th-"-
Owl's nest and the Cabin, were burned
to the ground. The thirty-three acres of
land covered with redwood timber and
owned by Marsh, who conducts a Japa
nese bric-a-brac store under the Palace
Hotel, were burned over, the entire loss,
including the cottages, amounting .to $30,
--600.
Mrs. H. B. Burnham. who lived in one
of the Marsh cottages, rushed an express
wagon to the scene and had all her house
hold goods removed. Though her cottage
lias not yet been burned it lies inside the
danger belt and may go up in smoke al
any minute. Everything was removed
from Mrs. L. A. Bishop's house, adjoin
ing Mrs. liurnham's. but It is believed
that her property will be saved. Every
thing at the Eastland Hotel is ready to
be removed at a minute's warning, but
back tiring will probably save this fash
ionable summer resort. Mrs. E. MofiTtt.
widow of the deceased wholesale butcher,
and Daniel B. Haves of the Fulton Iron
Works, have moved all their household
belongings to the county road near Alto
in order io be prepared for the worst. J.
W. Costlgah; the wheat hroker. played a
garden hose on his property and succeed
ed, with the assistance of the firemen,
in saving It from total destruction. Mr.
Martinet, who is connected with Scrlb
ner's Magazine, has a cottage nearby
which was in danger at a late hour.
All In all the fire has swept over a
stretch of four miles of territory, all of
which was considered good building sites,
valued at several hundred dollars an' acre.
Bnck-firir.g has probably saved Mill Val
ley, as the flames are now dying out on
this side of mountain, but it is feared
that by morning they may work their
way Into Baltimore Canyon and destroy
Corte Madera and - Larkspur. The Are
is at present principally confined to War
ners Canyon on th' east, but Is reach
ing out toward Bolinas 'ii the west and
Is now as far as the White Gate ranch
at Willow Camp, which opens into the
Stenson forest of 12.000 acres. If it gets
there It means that the flames cannot be
controlled for a month and must be
fought toward the ocean. On this ranch
are probably 1000 head of cattle, many of
which would doubtless be burned to
death. At a late hour 150 head of cattle
were driven off the Boyle ranch and
scattered long the county road between
Alto Station and Sausalito.
A panic prevailed here before it was
f.een that -firing would save all but
the outskirts of the town and there Is
not a residence where everything is not
packed and ready for moving. Many have
taken all their household goods out of
the valley and the county roads are lit
tered with furniture, pianos, bedding and
all portable articles for three miles. Wlih
the hardest labor and the best luck the
flames cannot be totally extinguished for
a week. ;: c
To-night the heavens are still crimson,
and at intervals a tongue of flame will
leap Into the air, accompanied by the
crashing sound of giants of the forest top
pling to the earth, and light the sur
rounding region for miles. The heaviest
loser by the fire is Sydney B. Cushing.
who will suffer to the tune of $250,000.
The Tamalpais Land and Water Company
will lose $160,000, and the remainder will
be borne by the owners of the cottages
and -mall patches of forest.
While the flames were burning fiercest
B. Grethel. the baker, and rose] Mills,
the painter, became surrounded by burn
ing timber and had to rush through four
feet of flames to safety. In doing so they
both fell over a forty-foot precipice and
were seriously Injured.
While tearing brush away froro-i. burn
ing patch J. Tobin ran Into a swarm of
wild honey bees angered by the flames.
He was so badly stung that he had to be
led home, and Dr. Spottlswood was sum
moned to render medical assistance, To
bin's features are swollen until they are
unrecognizable.
The origin of the fire Is unknown. Some
Incline to the belief that It was caused
bj- a spark from an engine of the moun
The San Francisco Call.
tain railway, but Messrs. Janes and Mc-
Innes are convinced that some careless
person cast a lighted cigar or cigarette
into the grass bordering the .railway
track.
MANY HOMES AND
VINEYARDS DESTROYED
SAN JOSE, Oct, 9.— The fire which has
prevailed in the Santa Cruz mountains
for some days Is still burning to-day and
no one can tell where it will end. Under
the scorching sun and hot wind yesterday
it spread rapiAly and got far beyond con
trol. Many were out fighting to save
heir property and help went from here,
nut still there was a large loss. All
through the night the blaze could be seen
from San Jose. It was plainly visible at
WHERE THE DESPERATE BURGLAR MET HIS DEATH.
6 this morning, but later in the day was
obscured by the heavy smoke which hangs
over the valley.
Statements differ as to the loss so far
caused, this being placed all the way
from <50,0u0 to $150,000; the latter figure is
probably too high. The scope of country
burned over is scattered so that It may
be a day or so before the estimate will
be accurate even if no more damage is
done. J. McCracken lost two residences
yesterday and several acres of vineyard.
Othtrs who have suffered loss are i:. O.
xocco, John Cave, C. H. Allen and E. F.
Adams. Vineyards especially suffer since
if the lire gets a sweep across them they
are utterly ruined.
A telephone message from Wrights
shortly before noon to-day stated that the
fire is raging fiercely again toward Los
Gatos Canyon. J. W. Lincoln and a Mr.
Moon have lost their residences. The
nearest fire to Wrights is in Austin
gulch, about a mile and a half away.
Great quantities of timber are being de
stroyed. Cnless the fire is checked soon
It may cause serious delay to the nar
row-gauge railroad. A big rain is prayed
Cor by tho people In the mountains.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 9.— A forest fire Is
reported to be raging at the head of La
guna Creek and another on Berry Creek,
near Valencia. The Hihn Company sent
a large force of men to fight the flames
encroaching on their land near Sulphur
Springs. The men, by back firing, are
endeavoring to keep the fire in Los Gatos
Canyon.
J. A. Hoffman's residence, eight miles
from Boulder Creek, was destroyed. The
lire Is now raging heavily in Spanish
gulch and heading toward Soquel Springs.
The house owned by a. Stamor on the
Cattermole place was totally destroyed.
There Is a demand for more men, as those
who have been fighting the flames are
well nigh exhausted after their struggle
of thirty-six hours.
At the Meyers winery 40,000 gallons of
wine were used In extinguishing the fire.
Vlneyardists in the burning territory
have sustained much damage, as the
grapes have been destroyed.
The fire now covers territory twelve
miles. Where It is now at Its height there
is a fine lot of timber. Great efforts were
made to prevent the fire crossing the road
at Soquel Canyon by felling trees and
back-firing, but the flames leaped over
the barricade this afternoon.
At Skyland men who were moving the
schoolhouse had to leave off work and re
spond to a call from neighbors whose
homes were in peril. F. R. Dann, whose
ranch near Vine Hill Is well known as the
summer resort called Mountain View
Ranch, had to wet down his houses, owing
to cinders. He remained up nearly all
night watching his property. Dunn says
the view from his place was superb, as
the flames would climb the redwood giants
and burst forth almost at their tops.
The weather Is growing cool, which
Continued on Second Page.
SAN FRAN CISCO, J TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, ; ■' 1 899.
MYSTERIOUS WOMAN KNELT
BESIDE THE DEAD BURGLAR
Strange Incident at the Alameda Morgue Following
the Midnight Battle— Captured Man Makes Ad=
missions— Good Service of Citizens.
ALAMEDA. Oct 9. -This city Is still
in a wild state of excitement over
last night's battle with the trio of
desperate burglars who attempted
to enter the store of A. O. Gott on
Park street. Although the police now
deny that there was a third man In the
affair, he was seen by so many both be
fore and after the conflict that the citi
zens refuse to believe that there is not
another criminal hiding in their midst
who will fight for his life if cornered.
The town is being carefully patrolled to
night by the police, augmented by a large
force of armed citizens, determined that
the third man of the trio shall not es
cape them.
Chief of Police Conrad and Officer Had
ley, who were wounded In last night's
affray, are not seriously hurt. The bul-
let that "truck Conrad took the skin off
his neck just over the jugular vein, while
Hadley will only lose the ends of two fin
gers of .his right hand as a result of his
part In the battle.
A strange Incident, which may lead to
the identification of at least one of the
desperadoes, occurred to-night. A mys
terious young woman entered the Morgue,
and hurrying to the slab, which bore the
remains of the dead burglar, knelt down
beside the corpse. Passionately pressing
her lips on the dead lips, the young
woman gave herself up to uncontrollable
grief. Finally regaining self-control, she
turned her eyes heavenward, and for sev
eral minutes seemed absorbed in silent
prayer. The official report of the Incident
was as follows:
After all the officials but the night dep
| uty had left the Morgue a woman about 23
years o*d, who answers the description of
I the orfe who accompanied the dead burg
i lar to this city Sunday night, visited the
place and viewed the corpse. She was
; very much affected, and knelt beside the
! coffin and prayed fervently and tearfully.
I The night deputy did not notice her, and
! she went away without disclosing her
j identity. Constable Gray had his atten
tion called to her, and followed her down
Park street as far as Armory Hall, where
he lost track of her. The officer searched
for her until after midnight, but she suc
cessfully evaded him. She -was dressed
in black and is a demi-blonde. She reached
Alameda by an electric car, and It was
thought she returned to Oakland. There
is no doubt but, that she knows the dead
burglar. .'-. ,^.'-" ; %*|;'c>
The captured man refuses to give his
name and denies acquaintance with the
dead burglar. All efforts to Identify
either have failed. Detectives from both
sides of the bay have visited the prison
and the Morgue to-day, but have been
unable to recognize the criminals. All
that is known concerning them is that
the dead man came from San Francisco
and that the j trio had been in Alameda
several days preparing for the Job which
resulted so disastrously, to them.
During the chase. all the eastern part of
the city was aroused from Its slumbers.
The popping of pistols, the crack of rifles
and the bang of shotguns broke the still
ness of the night. For over an hour there
was a running fire between the fleeing
burglars and their pursuers. The police,
appreciating that they had a desperate
Job on hand, called to their aid all the
citizens they could hastily • awaken, and
others,* attracted by the fusillade, Joined
'In the chase. They were armed with
j every conceivable weapon from a coal
i shovel to a cannon. -.-'•'.
About 11:30 o'clock a roomer in the
•Methodist church .block on Park street
was attracted by a suspicious noise com
ing from the jewelry store of Gott on the
ground floor below. Peering out 'of the
back window, he noticed three men trying
to effect an entrance through a rear win
dow opening on to an alleyway running
along the side of the Methodist church.
The police were notified, and Officer Had
i ley, who was alone at the Central Sta
i tion, hastened to the place. He notified
i Officer Jesse Rogers, who was on the
! Park-street beat, to guard the front of
! the store while he went ; around to the
: alleyway in the rear. ; .
Hadley took a position on . the church
steps where he could command a view of
: the back of the ' Jewelry store. After
: waiting for some moments without results
ihe scaled a ten-foot fence dividing the
store yard ■ from the alley and tried the
door. He found it unlocked and started
to enter. The burglars, who were on the
Inside, made a dash for him as soon as
he opened the door, and the first of the
series of desperate battles that followed
took place. Hadley jumped Dack to the
side of the doorway as the trio advanced
and opened fire with his pistol. Simulta
neously two of the crooks began shooting
at the officer, a oullet from one of their
weapons tearing away a portion of the
third and fourth Angers of Hadley's right
hand. Despite the pain from his wound
the officer stood his ground bravely and
tried to capture the men, but at the crit
ical moment his revolver refused to work,
and he hastily retreated. In scaling the
high fence he fell and dislocated his left ,
shoulder blade. The burglar who was
later landed In jail followed him.
Several men who had been attracted by
the shooting stood In the al'vyway when
the crook shoved ids head above the fence. !
Hadley passed his revolver to a bystander, ;
who attempted to use it on the burglar,
but it only had the effect of prompting ]
him to drop back into the yard, where he j
and his two companions began a race for !
their lives over the fences and out to
Alameda avenue.
From Alameda avenue the men ran to !
Oak street and thence to .the southern !
bay shore. On the way the missing burg
lar separated from the other two -and '
disappeared. Officer Brown overtook the '
fleeing pair as they were walking along
the beach at the foot of Walnut street.
He commanded them to surrender. and
the reply was a shot from- the man who ;
was subsequently killed, which just
grazed the officer's ear. The burglars
took to their heels, going in different ,
directions. Brown gave chase to the man
who had shot at him, leaving the other I
to an army of citizens who by that time |
had reached the scene y.
Brown's man scaled fences and went j
through back yards with the agility of a I
cat. The officer, kept close; in. the rear.
For blocks it was a i hurdle race between !
the two. Brown taking a shot at the flee- !
ing man every ' time he showed his i head '
and the burglar returning the Are with !
alarming regularity. - Armed citizens took j
a pep at the burglar as he passed through j
their premises, but failed to scratch. him.
He finally made his way to a vacant lot,
corner of Central avenue • and Walnut
street, where he was lost sight of during
the temporary shutting off of the electric
lights.: The lot was surrounded, however,
and every avenue of escape was guarded
Chief Conrad took command of the
forces at this stage of the battle. Feel
ing sure that his man was hiding near the
fence along Central avenue, Conrad, in a
stooping posture, went along the line of
pickets hoping to catch a glimpse In the
darkness of the hunted burglar. He was
followed by C. P. Magagnos. When op
posite a break in the fence, about fifty
yards from the corner of '.Walnut street,
Conrad was surprised by the flash of a
pistol shot coming from the other side of
the fence and so close to his head that
the powder almost burned his flesh. The
officer's revolver was strapped to his side
in a swivel holster, and without removing
It he turned it on' the crouching figure
and began to pump lead as fast as he
could work the trigger. Magagnos did
likewise. The last shot in Conrad's gun
struck the burglar in the thigh, and with
a grunt— not a groan— he stumbled
through the fence on to the sidewalk.
Conrad jumped behind a telegraph pole to
reload his pistol. The wounded man. with
coolness and deliberation that was re
markable, carefully ejected the empty
shells from his revolver, inserted another
cartridge, and as the officer stepped from
his shelter he rested his weapon on his
arm, and, taking careful aim at the chief,
fired his last shot. S The bullet took the
skin off Conrad's, neck, just over, the
jugular vein. • Conrad cried out that he
was. shot, but never faltering rushed
toward the prostrate burglar, firing as he
went. .One of his. bullets, took effect' In
the back of ,the burglar's head, tearing
away the skull and making a gaping
wound, from : which . the brain -matter
oozed. - " ■ ' ■ '• '" -■
: The "man' was carried to- the police sta
SHAMROCK STOCK IS
ON THE RISE.
However, the Columbia People
Overlook No Points In Pre
paring for To-Dau's Race.
NEW YORK, Oct. 10.— "*"
midnight the operator at "*"
Sandy Hook reported: "Calm; "*"
thick fog off shore." +
At 2 a. m. he " reported: +
''Dense fog; no wind." +
+
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦'♦♦♦♦♦♦♦
NEW YORK, Oct. There was a
buoyant feeling of expectancy
among the yachtsmen to-night,
not that they feel sure of a race
to-morrow but that they know
i every day will be a race day frOm now
I out to the finish, with the exception of
Wednesday. The agreement of the re-
I gatta committee and the Shamrock and
| Columbia people has proved popular. It
; Is a fair proposition and every one likes
the manner In which it is met.
This has. been a foggy day down around
the Horseshoe and everything has been
quiet with the fleet there, except on the
decks of the Columbia, where the crews
have been cutting and refitting sails.
This is taken In yachting circles to Indi
cate nervousness. There is nothing to" be
] gained In trying to put aside facts. They
! are worrying on. the Columbia: they are
: calm and confident on the Shamrock. The
j reason for all this is that the English
! boat has done the better work on the
: three days of the flukes. Look at it from
. whatever standpoint you will these
plain facts stare you In the face. On two
j of the days, at the moment the signal
j "race off" was set the Shamrock was in
i the lead. On the third day she was no
I worse than on even terms. Indeed, the
: weight of opinion is that she was ahead,
' considering her position and the fact that
! she started, some seconds behind the Co
i lumbia. Add to this her time allowance
I of six seconds and the chances are still
I more in her favor. There Is good reason
I for nervousness among the Americans,
! and nothing has occurred to-day to di
minish It. It Is an unpleasant truth, but
It is Just as well to admit it.
- The weather Is the important thing now.
Three days of drifting have changed the
character of the speculation. It Is now
: quite as much a question will there be a
race as which will win. The weather
man In Washington promises a southerly
Increasing breeze. If It comes It will be
a welcome wind to thousands of yachts
men who have come many miles to wit
ness the contest. If this prediction is ful
t filled the racers will be sent over the line
- ! to- windward dewn-'the:* Jersey coast, the
course the; same as Saturday, but: the
order of sailing la reversed, the first leg
being. to. windward with a run home. This
j will be more satisfactory, as it gives a
; better chance for skill in maneuvering for
! the weather berth at the start. • - -
The fog siren at Sandy Hook emitted
its doleful warning all to-day through the ■
layers of mist. Dreary as the day was.
it broke at least the rule of a good wind
on off days and calms on racing days, and
on all sides there was hope that the wind
for once would be good and true on the
day of days. The weather observers for
once kept - their hands for a time off j
the business of signaling. Both Mr.
Iselin and Sir Thomas Upton appreciate
all that they have done for them, but i
that hurricane bulletin which the weather
men rushed in on Sunday caused worry
on both sides. The hurricane turned out
to be a stretch of fog which settled down
over the sea. - .
As soon as Hathaway's sailmakers got ,
through with the alterations on the Co
lumbia's mainsail this morning the sail
was hauled up from below, bent to the
mast, boom and gaff hoisted.
After inspection by Managing Owner I
LIKELY TO PROVOKE
A CONFLICT BETWEEN
RUSSIA AND ENGLAND
Ameer of Afghanistan Sanctions Brutal
Executions and the Torturing of
Officials Daily.
LONDON, Oct. 10.— The Dally Telegraph's St. Petersburg correspondent says
Russian accounts represent Abdur Rahman Khan, Ameer of Afghanistan,
as insane and likely to provoke a conflict between Russia and England.
These accounts say the Ameer Is sanctioning brutal executions and the
torturing of officials daily, and that his actions are . resulting in a general
exodus.
tion, where he died about an hour later.
In the meantime his companion had
been surrounded in the garden of J. P.
Thorn, 2109 Clinton avenue, near the
beach. He was hiding under a clump of
rose bushes and surrendered to Officers
Brampton and Rogers and Citizen Mcßea.
without a struggle. His captors landed
him at the jail just as his partner ex
pired. He was taken before the blood
covered corpse and asked by the chief of
he recognized the dead man. He tell
back and gasped and then, as if by a
superhuman effort, he regained his com
posure and denied emphatically that he
had ever seen the man. He gave the
name of Jim Jones, but refused to tell
anything about himself or his movements.
Burglar tools were found on both men,
but the captured burglar In his flight had
thrown away his revolver. The dead man
carried an imitation Smith & Wesson of
38 caliber with a six-inch barrel. Among
his effects was a villainous weapon made
from the single blade of a pair of scissors
ground down to a point as sharp as a
needle. A similar instrument was picked
up to-day along the line of the chase.
Since the escape of the third man the
police claim that there were but two men
in the battle, but this is denied emphatic
ally by a host of witnesses who saw the
trio both before and after their attempt to
burglarize Gott's store.
, The dead man was seen coming to
Alameda on Sunday night on the broad
gauge train. He was accompanied by a
flashily dressed woman, who disappeared
shortly after they reached the Park
street station. The crook who lost his
life was about 30 years of age, height 5
feet 6 inches, dark hair, with reddish
tinge at roots, i brown eyes, sallow com
plexion, weight about 130 pounds. He .Is
presumed to have been an opium fiend.
He was stylishly dressed In a dark blue
coat and vest, striped gray pants and
wore a soft black hat. A return ticket to
San Francisco was found on him. His
shirt bore the laundry mark "K. O. G."
He has a scar over the right eye and his
upper teeth are false.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Iselfn and Captain Barr, It was decided
that the sail was not yet fit to do battle
to-morrow; so it was lowered and after
some minor alterations it was hoisted
again at 3 p. m., when it set almost as
flat as a board, except for a few wrinkles
up near the beam under the gaff.
The new club topsail was also bent, but
not hoisted. It was made up on the yard
and covered to keep it dry, for the air was
full of what old sailors call "Scotch mist,-
The mainsail was lowered soon after 4
o'clock, stowed on the boom and covered
fcr the night.
C. Oliver Iselin arrived from the city on
a tug just before noon. When seen on
board the St. Michaels soon after, he said:
"We are all hoping for a breeze to-mor
row, so that we may finish at least one
race. I should like to get through be
fore' Chrjstmas."
Asked if the arrangement to race every
clay after Thursday was satisfactory to
him. he said: "Yes, indeed, we are only
too glad to be able to race every day and
finish up the series."
Mr. Iselin did not care to make any
comment on the last race, further than
to say that some of the newspaper criti
cism of the Columbia's tactics were un
fair and uncalled for. The Columbia's
crew, he said, were all well and eager for
the next race.
"If we have a good steady breeze," said
he, "I have every confidence in the
yacht."
The docking of the yachts between
races, which was the original intention If
they showed signs of becoming foul, will
have to be abandoned on account of the
new arrangements. It may be as fair for
one as the other, as it now stands, say
the' owners, who feel that what little
growth may have accumulated can make
very little difference in the sailing of the
two yachts.
Sir Thomas Lipton remained on board
the Erin all day. He did not deny him
self to visitors, but gave all his usual
courteous greeting when they came up
the gangway. He was expecting to at
tend a private dinner given in his honor
to-night at one of the big hotels in the
city, but sent a telegram to the gentle
man who was to be his host begging to
be excused until after the races had been
sailed, as he was centering all his efforts
on the task before him. and did not want
to leave Sandy Hook until after to-mor
row's race anyway.
Sir Thomas has been the recipient of
many hundreds of cablegrams from
friends on the ether side of the water con
gratulating, him on the fine showing the
Shamrock has made in light weather, and
every time a big batch of dispatches is
brought from shore those on the Erin
have a good time reading them; for among
them are many humorous ones. This
morning the usual number came, and by
far the most amusing was one from Eng
land saying. "Never mind the hairpins;
bring back the cup."
Sir Thomas inquired about the betting,
and expressed satisfaction that the Sham
rock stock was going up. He did not
offer any tips, but reiterated his former
statements that his boat would be sailed
to win and that there would be no hold
ing up at the wire. Sailmaker Ratsey
watched the tinkering on the Columbia's
mainsail with a critical eye. but did not
express any opinion for publication.
.Herbert C. Leeds visited Sir Thomas
this afternoon and spent some time with
him. The best of feeling exists between
the Columbia and the Shamrock, and it
ems to be the desire of both that the
better boat shall win. ,-
Sir Thomas will entertain another large
party on board the Erin during to-mor
row's race. .
His companion is a rough-looking fel
low. He Is a rawboned six-footer, weigh
ing between 165 and 170 pounds. His hair
Is black, bushy and inclined to curl. He
has blue, deep-set eyes and a dark com
plexion. He is roughly dressed and has
the appearance of having recently made
a long journey on a brakebeam. Fix-
Turnkey K. Jamleson of San Quentln
took a look at him to-day and expressed
the opinion that he had seen him at the
prison
INDIANS MURDERED
AT REBEL BARRACKS
MERIDIA. Mex.. Oct. 9.— Tlmeoto Her
rera, secretary of the Indian rebel chief
Taqua, has fled to Belize. Two of his
comrades and friends were assassinated
at the barracks of the rebels before they
could escape. They had all been suspect
ed of Infidelity to the rebel cause. Her
rera says the Indians are generally tired
of maintaining a hostile front to Mexico,
bur that the old rebel leaders are trying
by a reign of terror to keep them in sub
mission.
RIOT AMONG SOLDIERS.
Men of Company L of the Eighth
Under Arrest.
ST. PAUL, Oct. 9.— A riot prevailed In
the barracks of Company L of the Eighth
Infantry at Fort Snelling last evening.
To-day. with only a dozen exceptions, the
company Is locked In the guardhouse.
Two men are in the hospital with severe
injuries and another, who is under arrest.
in need of constant attention. The
trouble arose over a charge of robbery
preferred by Corporal Former against
Privates Stout, Kelly and , Brazllle. They
had been in St, Paul on a spree.2
WARDEN AULL IS
SUMMONED BY DEATH
For the Past Year His Health Has Gradually
Been Failing and Physicians Have
Worked in Vain.
THE LATE CHARLES AULL
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 9. - Charles
Aull, Warden of Folsom Peniten
tiary, died at his residence there'
at 2:45 o'clock this afternoon. Fif
teen minutes prior to his death the
report was sent out that the War
den was dying, but it was at that time
believed that the end would not come un
til to-morrow morning.
The death of Warden Aull Is regarded
In Sacramento In the light of the loss of
one if Its own best citizens, for the War
den was held In the highest esteem here
and his acquaintance was widespread.
Those to whom the news came as a per
sonal sorrow recall the fatalism which
seems to have settled upon the Warden's
household. Six or seven years ago there
were not in all California two sisters of
such radiant beauty, grace of manner and
rare mental cultivation as Mrs. Charles
Aull and Mrs. P. A. Humbert. They, with
their husbands, constituted a most happy
household, and the guest at their table
deemed himself fortunate In having been
surrounded by such charming' hostesses
and hospitable hosts. ■ r.»v.'
Pierre Humbert was the originator of
the plans for the great Folsom dam and
canal, but before that vast work had been
finished, and while he was still In his
prime, death overtook him and then, while
In the very height of her beauty, Mrs.
Humbert also succumbed to death.
Those who most Intimately knew her
handsome and generous sister, Mrs. Aull,
MARIN TOWNS
MENACED BY
BLAZING FORESTS
Continued From First Page.
gives hopes that the fire fighters have
succeeded in preventing the flames from
breaking out of Soquel Canyon.
E. Moon and family of Skyland bad a
narrow escape. The fire had almost
reached their home when it was discov
ered. Moon, who Is an Invalid, managed
to get his wife and children out, and with
a wagon hurried away to Soquel. They
lost everything they possessed except the
clothes they had on.
FLAMES STILL RAGE
IN SANTA YNEZ RANGE
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. Mountain
fires iii the Santa Ynez range are still
raging and now extend for a distance of
eighteen or twenty- miles. The ranchers
are fighting the fires night and day and.
many narrow escapes are reported from
them. Horses and cattle are suffering
terribly from the heat and It Is belived
that a great number of cattle have been
.burned to death. Several small holders
■have', lost their property and the much
needed pastures are fast being destroyed.-
I Investigate First! I
* Buy Oil Stock-
Afterward! I
».
I Is the manner In Stock prudent
Afterward!
Is the manner in which all prudent
t Investors would proceed, for the fol. 5
5 lowing of that course would ob- !
( viate all necessity for rectifying^, 5
j mistakes should they occur. They 2
1 will inquire whether. or no a com- !
B pany Is operating on OIL LAND; i
if there are any wells near; ■
. what the probable net return would.
a be from the product of the wells, 1
f and, finally, if the capitalization of I
3 a company would permit of the
J small shareholder ever receiving a 1
j DIVIDEND OF ANY SIZE. \
S We answer YES to all these ques- S
I tions. Let us PROVE IT to you. - I
5 Until further notice stock will be j
f sold at $1 per share.
S Pamphlets and map for the asking. E
I i
| SAN JOAQUIN I
I OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO., j
I SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building. j
\ Open evenings from 7to 8. j
i'-grfgftjv Dr. R. L. Walsh,
/WtKM*>>±*v» *>e\ GEARY st., bet
I.^fttJlr*"' —-rriiW*" 1 Hyde and Larkin.
'/£*& ""^gg^^Sy Painless Extraction..
UJr v » _„ * iTI Crowns ....'.'.'.'.'.'92.00
H Tl'l'lJi^ Flesh-colored Plates. I
VJ. i_l=>-^^ 88.00
■ Continuous Gum Plates (no bad joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
.this branch of dentistry. No students. 16
veers' experience.
. . . * . . . '■'.•- r * ■ ■•
thought they detected In her a change
from the hour her sisters body was con
signed to the earth. Probably this may
not have been, but nevertheless within
shortly over a year Mrs. Aull followed
her Bister in death. Then again it seemed
that death, still unsatlated, had beckoned
to Charles Aull.
From a robust man in the very perfec- I
tion of health, to all appearances, he I
faded into a mere semblance of his former \
self. Sojourns at various watering places I
availed little to Improve his condition and !
his decline had been gradual up to the j
hour of his own death to-day.
Warden Aull was but a few months I
past 50 years of age. He was a native of !
Clay County, Missouri. In 1875 he was ap- ]
pointed turnkey of the San Quentln prison
and during his four years of service there '■
held nearly every position in the prison.
Political change occurring, Mr. Aull en
tered the service of Wells, Fargo & Co.,
and made a fine reputation as a detec
tive. In November, 1583, he was appointed
Warden of San Quentln prison, serving
four years. He was then selected as War
den of Folsom prison and he has filled !
the position through successive adminis- !
trations, both Republican and Democratic, \
making for his prison the name of one of
the very best managed penal Institutions
In the United States.
It is said' that a successor to Warden
Anil may be elected at a meeting of the
Prison Directors at San Quentln next Sat
urday, although there has not yet been
even' a suggestion here as' to his probable
successor, the death of the Warden hav
ing fallen as a heavy shock upon the of
ficials and civilians alike.
ADVANCE UPON
THE FILIPINOS
American Forces Within
Sight of Malabon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Oct. 9.— General Schwan's col
umn, consisting of the Thirteenth In
fantry, a battalion of the Fourteenth In
fantry, two troops of cavalry, Captain
Reilly's battery of the Fifth Artillery and
Lowe's scouts, continued the advance to
il, iv toward San Francisco de Malabon,
meeting with little resistance and suffer
ing no casualties. The enemy fell back
steadily. ;. ■''--.
The .American camp to-night is within
sight of San Francisco de Malabon, the
stronghold of the insurgents in the pro
vince of Cavite, where the Filipinos are
said to number 5000. .;:">..
During the march from Noveleta to
Rosario only a few shots were fired. This
large -'east town was literally filled with
white flags. The Americans captured
two or three hundred men, many of the
Filipinos changing their clothing for
white costumes. The bay of Rosario was
filled with hundreds of boats and the peo
ple had spent an exciting night.
This afternoon a body of insurgents
was seen near La Lonia Church, four
miles from the heart of Manila. They
opened fire, the bullets falling among the
tents of the Twenty-fifth Infantry. The
Americans manned the trenches and re
plied a -range of 1200 yards.. The in
surgents volleyed and the Americans
used their artillery. The tight lasted an
hour, after which the Insurgents retreat
ed. One man was wounded. The scouts
of the Twentieth Infantry were sent to
reconnoiter.
DETAILS OF THE
FIGHTING ON SUNDAY
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, ISM, by James Gor
don Bennett. ' ." ,'
MANILA, Oct. 9.— Lowe's scouts, sixty
men in all, and Captain McOrath'a troop
of the Fourth Cavalry, dismounted, crept
Into Cavite Viejo at 7:3o. o'clock Sunday
morning and took the place without op
position. The main column of General
Schwan, comprising the entire Thirteenth
Infantry, a battalion of the Fourteenth, a
mounted troop of the Third Cavalry- and
part of Reilly's Battery, a total of more
than 1500 men, marched out of Rlnacayan
at 10::10 o'clock on their way to Cavite
Vlejo and Noveleta. The gunboats Wheel
ing. Petrel and Callao shelled Noveleta
and Santa Cruz as a preliminary to the
troops' advance.
The marching column struck the enemy
and found them strongly entrenched. !
Through the water, bamboo thickets and
rice fields the American soldiers charged
on the trenches. They could not see the
enemy, who showered Mauser bullets
upon them. A brass cannon, loaded with
scrap Iron, was fired upon Captain Mc-
Grath's troops at less than 200 yards*
range. One officer was killed and another
had a leg shattered by an Iron nut that
pierced it. Captain Charles W. Fenton,
aid to General Fred Grant, was shot
through the ear, and ten enlisted men
were wounded. The enemy abandoned
their trenches, having suffered consider
able loss. -
While this fight was in progress two
battalions of marines, under Colonel El
liott, moved from Cavite southward to
ward Noveleta. They struck the enemy
on a narrow road In the midst of a
Swamp. Unable to throw out a flanking
force, they charged straight at the in
surgents through swamp and all. They
succeeded, in -reaching solid ground and
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1899.
MARCONI IN
READINESS FOR
THE YACHTS
Changes His Sending Ap
paratus to the Steamer
Grand Duchesse.
SERVICE IS IMPROVED
Will Be Able to Send Many More
Bulletins and Give a Much
Better Report Than the
Shore Watchers."
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. Starting anew
to-morrow, Marconi will make his
headquarters on the steamship
Grand Duchesse, from which all
bulletins of the future yacht race*
will be sent to the Herald and The
Call. So great an Interest has the public
taken In the practical operation of wire
less telegraphy that it was thought best
to transmit from the Grand Duchesse. In
consequence the Ponce will make no more
excursion trips, but the larger steamer,
the Grand Duchesse, will amply accom
modate all who desire to make the run
on her.
The Grand Duchesse will leave her pier,
Just above Desbrosses street ferry slip, at
9:30 o'clock to-morrow morning, and be
ing a remarkably fast traveler will arrive
at the starting line thirty minutes before
the signal is fired. : This will . give her
passengers a full opportunity to see the
jockeying for position, which is often the
most interesting part of the race.
Just as soon as it became known that
Marconi would himself have command of
the work on the Grand Duchesse the de
mand for tickets greatly Increased. Here
tofore an assistant has been on this
steamship, most of the work being done
from the Ponce. To-morrow, however,
from the moment the Grand Duchesse
leaves her pier until she returns to It at
night wireless telegraphy will be in con
stant operation on the Grand Duchesse,
which means that a new record will be
made in the number of words transmitted.
During the six hours that will probably
elapse after the first preliminary move is
made before the winning craft reaches
the final mark, fully 4000 words will be
sent to the receiving stations at Naveslnk
Highlands. Those on the Grand Duchesse
will have an opportunity of watching the
new process, although during the actual
race, when the operators will be very
busy, the apartment from which bulletins
will be sent will be closed except to those
actually at work. Later the exclusive
ness will be relaxed. Marconi had his
sending apparatus transferred from the
Ponce to the Grand Duchesse, the in
stallation being completed this evening,
when signals were exchanged with the
station at Naveslnk Highlands. Every
thing worked perfectly. After the tests
Marconi looked up at the towering mast
of the Grand Duchesse, and smiling com
placently said: "I would guarantee to
signal from this ship as now equipped to
the Highlands if we were 200 miles out at
sea. his is a magnificent mast of just
the right height for my purpose. We'll
make a record to-morr,ow. I'm glad, too,
that we're on a faster craft, for I've a
notion that the Shamrock will lift the
long-coveted cup and I want to see the
start. On the Ponce we missed two of
the starts last week. However, the
Grand Duchesse is large enough and fast
enough for an Atlantic liner,' and I look
forward to a pleasant day even though
we will have to do much hard work."
With Marconi on the Grand Duchesse
to-morrow will be the representatives of
the signal corps, who are eager to wit
ness some of the severe tests which have
been promised. There will be present
also one or more navy officers. Telegrams
were received late to-night from Wash
ington. New Orleans and St. Louis ask
ing that accommodations bo reserved on
the ship. From Washington will come a
party of fifteen for Thursday's race, while
New Orleans and St. Louis parties will
make the trip Friday. In every case
announcement was made that the desire
to see the wireless telegraph In opera
tion was greater than the interest in the
yacht race.
Captain Norton, who has the excursion
in charge, guarantees that the Grand
Duchesse will at all times be kept in tho
best position for watching the maneu
vers of the competing yachts. This will
make the bulletins to-morrow of extra
ordinary Interest, particularly as the
yachts may run straight out to sea.
Should such a course be laid, shore
watchers would have little to do, while
the general public In New York and San
Francisco would have to depend entirely
on the Herald and The Call bulletins for
news of the race.
drove the Filipinos away. One of the
marines was killed In this engagement
and twelve were wounded. Squads of ma
rines were sent from this point into Nove
let a.
Almost simultaneously with the move
ment of General Schwan westward, a
battalion of the Fourth Infantry, led by
Captain Cowles, marched eastward from j
Imus and captured San Nicolas after a
sharp fight with the insurgents for forty
live minutes. Four men were wounded
during the encounter. The bodies of six
insurgents were found on the field.
MANY LIVES ARE
LOST BY DROWNING
MANILA. Sept. 4.— The army In Luzon
has lost more men during the past fort
night by drowning than by bullets. All
the little streams which In the dry season
are mere creeks have become swift, wide
' rivers with unexpected and treacherous
currents and eddies. Ten colored soldiers
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry were
drowned at the Marlqulna River on tho
22d of August In an accident exactly
duplicating the loss of' five soldiers in the
Pasig River three months ago. Soldiers
are conveyed across the streams on bam
boo rafts whose motive power is a rope
stretched between the banks. In both
case's the ropes broke, the rafts were over
turned and part of the soldiers weighted
down with guns, haversacks and heavy
ammunition belts were unable to reach
the shore. Private J. E. Poole of the
Twenty-fourth lost his life in attempting
to rescue his comrades. He swam to the
shore and secured a small raft, which he
poled into the river, but was himself
pulled into the water and drowned by a
soldier he was trying to lift aboard the
raft. The last of the bodies of the ten
soldiers were recovered In the river this
week and all have been burled With mili
tary honors. >-'.■.•>." k
Four men of the : Third Infantry, sta
tioned at Quingua, were drowned in tho
Ragbag River before daylight on the
morning of the 17th, when the regiment
was starting against the forces of Pilar
which were threatening the railroad near
Malolos. Corporal Peter Larson was the
hero of this accident. He was drowned
in a brave effort to save others, and Lieu
tenant Chauncey B. Humphreys rescued
several of his men by great efforts and
i was himself nearly drowned during the
work. The regiment started from Quin
gua at 3 In the morning and swam the
Ragdbag River carrying their guns, HO
rounds of ammunition and haversacks.
The river is wide and shallow arid most
of the distance was fordable. but the cur
rent had become so swift that many were
carried off their feet. Seventeen were
compelled to drop their guns to get across.
Corporal Larson had reached the farther
shore when he heard the cries of the
drowning men and plunged back with his
gun still strapped to his back. He carried
one man of his company to safety and
turned back a second time. He was heard
to say: "I don't think I can make It, but
I'll try." He reached midstream and was
struggling to bring out another helpless
private, when both sank and were lost.
Most of the men took off their shoes be
fore crossing and marched and fought all
LEFT THE CENTURY
MARK FAR BEHIND
Remarkable Life of Mrs. Percilla Nelson,
Who Died at the Age' of One
Hundred and Thirty.
MRS. PERCILLA NELSON, the Aged Negress Who Died at Marysville
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 9.— Mrs. Percllla Nelson, who died In Marysville on Sep
tember 30, was regarded as a wonder by the colored population and the com
munity In general, as she claimed to have, made a stay on earth almost equal
to twice the time of the Biblical allotment. The death certificate on file in the
Coroner's office fixes her age at the time of her death at 130 years.
A few months before she passed away, in conversation with the Call corre
spondent she stated that she was born in Cocke County, East Tennessee. She
first saw the light of day March B. 1769, on the Conaway plantation, her mother
being a slave owned by William Conaway. At the age of 19 she was married
to Henry Carmlchael, by whom she had one child. At the end of a year the
partner of her Joys and sorrows was sold to a trader and carried down the
river. After which she was sold to a planter named Pomeroy across the Mis
souri River. By her second husband, Nathaniel Nelson, nine children were born
to her. Of her third master, William H. Russell, she always had a kind word,
as life with him was next to liberty. It was on his plantation that her hus
band left her while he came to California, where In two years he earned enough
money to purchase the freedom of his family and bring them to the Golden State.
That was in 1554. At Sacramento, they conducted a laundry business for two
years and later settled in San Joaquin County, where the husband and three
of the children died. The last twenty years of her life was spent In Marys
ville.
She was able to move about the house and take exercise to within foui
months of her death. In her time the world of Invention noted the advent of
the steamboat, locomotive, telegraph and telephone. In the cause of humanity
the shackles were stricken from her people, and where In her prime all people
of African descent were held In bondage now all are free and equal. Truly
some great changes were observed by "Granny" Nelson, now dead.
day in their socks, a most uncomfortable
experience in the jungle country.
T. J. Martens of Leavenworth, Kansas,
a private of the Twentieth Infantry; was
drowned in the Paslg on the 23d. He was
boarding a schooner in front of the office
of the Captain of the port, when a rope to
1 which he was holding broke and he fell
into the river. He rose once, but before
I help could reach him disappeared.
CAPTAIN SAFFOLD
KILLED IN ACTION
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— General Otis
has made the following report to the
War Department of yesterday's fighting:
"Schwan. with a column of 1726 men.
Thirteenth Infantry, a battalion of the
Fourteenth Infantry, with cavalry and
artillery, left Bacoor yesterday morning
and proceeded to Novelata. He encoun
tered heavy opposition at Old Cavite and
beyond, but drove the enemy, capturing
two guns and inflicting damage. His cas
ualties are: Captain Saffold, Thirteenth
Infantry, killed; Captain McGrath, cav
alry, seriously wounded, and ten enlisted
men wounded. The column entered Ro
sario: this morning, meeting with slight
Opposition. Navy vessels and marines at
Cavite made a demonstration on Novela
ta yesterday while Schwan advanced at
the" same time. The troops at Imus at
tacked insurgents at San Nicolas, two
miles east of the city, and drove them
from the road intersecting there. Four
men were slightly wounded. The enemy
left six bodies on the field."
General Otis has cabled the following
casualties since his last report:
"Uraemia, September 29, Corporal Jo
seph M. Yallis, Company 11, Sixth In
fantry; measles, September 30, Rert Pope,
Company. C, Twenty-second Infantry; tu
berculosis (pulmonary). Morady E.Jones,
Company I, Fourteenth Infantry; dysen
tery (chronic),. October 1, Samuel Alex
ander, Company C, Twenty-second - In
fantry; October 4, Surgeon Major Charles
Gludlcl, Thirty-sixth Infantry; acute
dysentery. J. J. Lewis Hellrlgel, Com
pany F, Fourteenth Infantry; October 2,
John Cunningham, Company F. Twelfth
Infantry; accidental drowning. Company
I, James Rufhn, Twenty-fourth Infantry;
October 3. Garfield Thompson, Company
G. Twenty-third Infantry - ; chronic diar
rhea, William Dunwav. Company C,"
Third Infantry; Henry Rooth, Company
B, Seventeenth Infantry: Walter Scott,
Company G. Fourth Infantry; October 5,
William Tlmmons, Company G. Twelfth
Infantry; gunshot wound In action, Octo
ber 3, Corporal Ole Gunderson, Company
E, Signal Corps; neuralls, October 4. Hen
ry Grayer, Company M, Fourteenth In
fantry; typhoid fever, October 5, First
Sergeant Julius Labadle. Company L,
Sixth Infantry; Ernest Knapp, Company
G, Ninth Infantry; malaria, October 6,
Demorest . Smith. Company E, Seven
teenth .Infantry; gunshot wound, acci
dental, Frank B. Johnson, Company A,
Twenty-second Infantrv.B
NO CENSORSHIP ON
PHILIPPINE MESSAGES
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The censor
ship of prass dispatches to and from Ma
nila has been abolished. This announce
ment was made at the War Department
to-day. It followed an expression of feel
ing by the naval officers on duty here at
what they thought an Inadequate report
In the press dispatches this morning of
the 'Part played by the marines In the
military operations of yesterday it be
ing charged that General Otis' jealous
blue pencil was again at work.
When this matter was brought to the
attention of Adjutant General Corbin he
stated that no censorship of press dis
patches has existed since September 9
and that the correspondents In the Phil
ippines are now allowed to send any in
formation they desire.
Undoubtedly the "round robin" protest
of the correspondents, published in July
was largely responsible for the removal
of the censorship. The authorities have
insisted that no instructions have been
sent to General Otis looking to Its re
moval. It is stated that the first sug
gestion came from General Otis on July
26, eight days after the correspondents
protest became public.  " uc '' ia
CHANGES IN THE
TRANSPORT SERVICE
■HONOLULU. Oct. 2.-When Captain
Trask arrives at Manila with the trans- !
port Aztec he will probably receive orders
to return to Honolulu Instead of San
Francisco, as has been the rule hereto
fore. The Government is reported to have
decided to adopt the new. plan of keeping
two steamers for horses and mules plying
constantly between here and Manila and
two between here and the coast. The Az
tec Is believed to be one of those selected
for the Manila end of the journey. The I
Leelanaw and Centennial are to run be
tween her and San Francisco and one
other steamer will keep the Aztec com* '
pany. ■-,-.;;<,
The object of the new arrangement is to
give the horses a rest on land here in the
middle of their long voyage without hav
ing a steamer lie idle in port while the
horses recuperate. . Uncle Sam Is paying
very high for his transports, and the dally
bills for them pile up Just the same
whether they are hastening across the
sea or lying idle at the wharf. The ex
pense of simply the charter price of a
! vessel like the Aztec amounts to over
$5000 In tho time it takes for the horses
to get Into condition .for, another start.
Under the new arrangement the trans
ports that run between here and San Fran-
I cisco will land their animals here and go
j back for more. The 'result will be a large
I stock of horses and mules : on hand here
! all the time, from which the Aztec and
i her companion may draw. The animals
i may then have weeks; ashore instead
I of days, as the San Francisco transports
will get ahead of the Other two.
MAJOR BELL'S MEN
ROUT THE INSURGENTS
MANILA, Oct. 10. 9:10 a. Major Rell
with 120 picked men of the Thirty-sixth
Regiment made a reconnolssance yester
day in the direction of Florida Rlanco,
four miles out of Guagua, and en
countered a body of 100 insurgents, whom
they routed, capturing a lieutenant and
three „;yjjp*d privates. Near Florida
.- .; DR. KILMER'S SWAMP ROOT.
DO YOD GEf UP 7
WITH A LAME BACK ?
Do You Have Rheumatism ?
Are You Sleepless, Irritable, All Run Down ?
Kidney Trouble Makes You Miserable.
SWAMP-ROOT is the Great Remedy for Kidney,
Bladder and Uric flcid Troubles. To Prove
for Yourself Its Wonderful Merits, You May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent FREE by Mail.
You are in no danger of being sick if [
you keep your kidneys well.
They filter your blood and keep it
pure and free from disease-breeding ,
germs. . : ,
Your other organs may need care, but i
your kidneys most, because they do j
most.
If you are sick, begin with your kid-
neys, because as soon as they are well !
they will help all the other organs to |
health. . .'*.'',;'',
The treatment of some diseases may !
be delayed without danger, not so with ! i
kidney disease.
Swamp-Root is the great medical tri- I ]
j umph of the nineteenth century; dis- J
| covered after years of untiring effort |
and research by the eminent kidney
and bladder specialist, Dr. Kilmer, and
! has truly wonderful healing action on
the kidneys and bladder.
It will be found by both men and
J women just what is needed in all cases '
| of kidney and bladder disorders, lame
back, dull pain or ache in the back,
i gravel, catarrh of the bladder, rheu-
matism, sciatica, neuralgia, uric acid
troubles and Bright's disease, which is
the worst form of neglected kidney
trouble.
If your water when allowed to remain
' undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
j twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
Blanco they met another body of in
surgents and routed them, capturing an
other armed lieutenant and one private.
Returning with twenty scouts, Major
Bell encountered the enemy a third time.
The reconnolssance resulted in scattering
the insurgents in that locality.
The last two days have witnessed con
siderable outpost firing by small bands of
insurgents on the northern lines. Sim
ultaneously with the affair near La Loma
Church yesteTday the outposts of the
American forces at Caloocan, Deposito
and Maraulna were fired on. It appears
that the Insurgents in the neighborhood
are operating in bands of from five to
twenty and It Is rumored that attacks
are to be made upon the hospitals. The
uprising in Manila will result in extra
few«P^S If/ sam P les at once, then draw
|W/ samples if you live out of San Francisco. !
. Al We give a year's protection with the suit—
Ky money returned or a year's repairing free. t
18. N. WOOD & CO., J
1 1 718 Market. Street and ' \
'j i Corner Powell and Eddy. ': ' '„ ••'•- j
settling or has a cloudy appearance, it
is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
der need immediate attention.
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root corrects
inability to hold water and promptly
overcomes that unpleasant necessity of
being compelled to go often during the
day and to get up many times during
the night.
This prompt, mild and wonderful
remedy is easy to get at the drugstores,
in fifty-cent or one-dollar bottles. Make
a note of the name, SWAMP-ROOT,
Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and remem-
ber that it is prepared only by Dr. Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.
Swamp-Root has been tested in so
many ways, in hospital work, In private
practice, among the helpless, too poor
to purchase relief, and has proved so
successful in every case that a special
arrangement has been made by which
all readers of The Call, who have not
already tried it, may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mall.
Also a book telling more about Swamp-
Koot and containing some of the thou-
sands upon thousands of testimonial
letters received from men and women
who owe their good health, in fact their
very lives to the wonderful curative
properties of Swamp-Root.
The great kidney remedy, Swamp-
Root, is so remarkably successful that
our readers are advised to write for a
free sample bottle, and to kindly men-
tion the San Francisco Daily Call
when sending your address to Dr. Kil-
mer & Co.. Binghamton. N. Y.
vigilance on the part of the United States
troops.
General Schwan's advance into San
Francisco de la Malabon is expected to
take place in the morning.
PORTUGAL MAY TAKE
A HAND IN THE STRIFE
LISBON, Oct. 9.— The papers here ex
press a rather anti-Boer feeling. The Se
culo declares that although England has
not asked Portugal to abandon her neu
trality, the Portuguese War Minister,
General Telles. is prepared to send 6000
men to South Africa within a fortnight.PREPARING
FOR EIGHT
MONTHS' WAR
Great Britain Evidently Ex
pects a Hard Campaign
in South Africa.
selectingTeserves
— ♦
Only Five Thousand Chosen Out of
the Twenty-Five Thousand Re
cently Called Upon.
Spsciai Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 9.— The complete dearth
of news from the Cape, on which all at
tention Is riveted, is partly compensated
for by the mass of minor details pub
lished concerning the preparations for
the dispatch of the army corps and spec
ulation as to the length nnd character of
the debates when Parliament meets. In
official circles there is said to be appre
hension that the radicals will offer pro
tracted opposition to the Government's
policy In South Africa, which will pos
sibly make prorogation and Christmas
near neighbors.
Lord Salisbury's whip to the Lords, is
sued to-night, says Parliament will deal
with matters of grave moment.
The latest dispatch from Lourenzo
Marques, relating to the chasing of the
steamer Guelph by the cruiser Philomel
caused some stir, especially as it was
announced thai the Guelph had landed
at Durban 414 cases of ammunition for
the Boers. There Is a pretty general
feeling that ammunition ought not to be
allowed to be forwarded. The Pall Mall
Gazette, referring to tho matter, says:
"There is some hope that the ammunition
will be seized at Durban, as Natal pos
sesses a Ministry whose loyalty is un
questioned. Had not he Filipinos be.
given arms by Americans with which to
fight Spain Gener.'il Otis would long ago
have been enjoying his ease at home.
Similarly with the Boers. We may have
to pay heavily in blood for the apathy the
Cape Government has exhibited in this
matter."
Lord Wantage, president of the British
Red Cross Society, will shortly issue an
appeal for contributions to aid in the
•work of the society, which he says will
provide two hospital trains and a hospital
ship. The Duke of Westminster an«! Lord
Wantage have given 1000 pounds sterling
each, and Baron Rothschild has raised
11,000 pounds sterling among his friends.
Some indication of the War Office esti
mate of the duration of the campaign is
given by the fact that the authorities
have contracted for eight months' sup
plies of bread in d other military requisi
tions rendered necessary by the absence
of the army service corps, which the War
Office thus evidently calculates will be at
home again by the beginning of May.
It appears that although the War Office
called upon 35,000 reservists, only the pick
of them, some 5000, will be retained with
the colors. The authorities are pleased
nt the application of a number of re
servists belonging to the Union mobilized
classes who are volunteering for foreign
service. The War Office announces that
the wives of reservists will get sixpence
and each child twopence daily while the
husbands and fathers are retained with
the colors.
Baron Tweedmouth presided at a meet
ing of the Council of London Radicals to
night, which, after a speech by Lord
edmouth deploring the unwise policy
of the Government, whose dispatches he
declared were not couched In conciliatory
term:-, adopted a resolution In favor of ar
bitration and calling upon the Govern
ment to take steps tending to a settle
ment of the difficulty with the Transvaal
by negotiations for arbitration.
KRUGER REGARDS THE
SITUATION AS VERY GRAVE
PRETORIA, Oct. 9.— President Kruger.
in the course of an interview to-day, said
he regarded the situation as very grave
and considered it very difficult to predict
coming events. The landing of British
reinforcements in Natal, he said, did not
trouble him, as he had full faith in the
Almighty. Mr. Kruger declared he knew
nothing of the reported Intention of Mr.
Hofmeyer, the Afrikander leader, and J.
Rose Innes, Under Secretary of Naval
Affairs in South Africa, to come to Pre
toria, and that there was nothing further
regarding the suggested arbitration by
the United States. President Kruger will
celebrate his seventy-fifth birthday to
morrow.
State Secretary Reltz to-day said that
negotiations were pending regarding me
diation by the United Slates but that
nothing had been decided.
CAPE TOWN. Oct. '.' The Afrikander
Bund has decided to call a special con
gress In November. The members of the
Bund are advised to refrain in the mean
tin. from taking part in the local meet
ings.
Advices from Pretoria say the Nether
lands Railway management asserts that
over 800 carriages and trucks belonging to
the Transvaal are now in the British
colony. According to these advices, the
burghers are still arriving at Sandspruit
and It is estimated that 13.000 are now
concentrated there. They are becoming
very unsatisfied because of their Inac
tivity, find heavy rains and bitter cold
weather render the conditions very trying
for horses • and men.
Our
Big
Gift
Day,
Wednesday,
October n.
A one-pound package of
Mustavit Coffee given FREE
with every purchase of 50 ;
cents or ever.
, * 'V^949-95! MARKfeiSI
" Jf . - * NEXT TO HALE BROS. ■"" *
PRESIDENT LAYS CORNERSTONE OF
CHICAGO'S NEW FEDERAL BUILDING
Chicago's New Federal Building as It Will Appear When Completed,
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— Surrounded by 1 <
men who guide the diplomatic rela- | <
tions of three governments, and In ; J
the presence of thousands of spec- .
tators, President William McKinley L
i to-day formally laid the corner- <
: stone of the magnificent new Federal i
building of Chicago. The event was the j i
! crowning feature of the week's celebra- i '
tion, marking the annual observance of (
Chicago day.
Long before the hour set for the cere- ,
monies the streets surrounding the block i
on which the steel skeleton of the new i
building stands were packed from curb to '
curb with pushing. Jostling people anxious i
to get a glimpse of the nation's President
and the distinguished visitors from other j ,
countries, while every window in the gayly j ]
decorated skyscrapers surrounding the '
Federal building was taken advantage of.
Even on the steel girders of the Federal '
! building Itself were perched hundreds of •
venturesome spectators.
In the angle formed by the south and
west wings of the Federal structure at
Jackson boulevard and Dearborn street,
and in front of the Union League Club ;
building reviewing stands had been erect
ed for the accommodation of the dis
: tinguished visitors; including Vice Presi- ,
dent Mariscal and party of Mexico, Pre- .
mier Laurier of Canada and other no- 1
tables of that country; members of Presi-
I dent McKinley's Cabinet and the diplo
matic corps at Washington. Senators and
I Congressmen, and when President Mc-
I Kinley threw the first trowel of mortar
] under the uplifted block of stone. and pro- '
i nounced It set, one of the most notable
I gatherings ever in Chicago looked on.
Shortly before 10 o'clock a roar of cheer- ;
i ing from down Jackson boulevard an- '
nounced the coming of President McKin- '
! ley ami his party. It was with consider- '
i able difficulty that the troops of cavalry
j and the police forming the President es- I
| cort could clear a space wide enough for !
1 the carriages containing him and mem- 1
j hers of his Cabinet and other guests I
! to pass, and as the carriages slowly made i
I their way up the boulevard toward the '
! Federal building the applause became tor- i
i ritlc and continuous. The President fre
i quently doffed his hat In response. 1
I At the entrance of the Union League
! Club the President and the members of .
; his party alighted and after a brief re- ,
1 ception were escorted across Jackson ,
1 boulevard to the platform in front of tho ,
i Federal building. A perfect hurricane of i
! cheers greeted the President as he was i
: escorted to the dais, at the side of which i
! the cornerstone was suspended ready for i
| the ceremony. The President warmly
I greeted the officials, then turned and
i bowed to the group of brawny-armed
j workmen who were to complete the laying ;
of the cornerstone.
I Judge Christian C. Kohlsaat, chairman '
jof the committee on ceremonies, Intro- '
duced Secretary of the Treasury Lyman j
; J Gage as presiding officer for the cor- ,
i nerstone exercises. The Secretary was
I warmly cheered as he Stepped forward ,
i and made a brief address. Postmaster
i General Smith also spoke.
1..- acute coJ-emonics of the laying of '
'■ the cornerstone began then.
C. E. Kremer, secretary of the Federal 1
j committee, formally announced that the <
1 stone was ready, and read the list of '
I articles placed within it. President Mc- '
! Kinley was introduced by Secretary Gage, •
: and as he stepped forward to receive the
; trowel from the hands of Architect Henry : '
I Ives Cobb the crowds again burst forth
• into cheers, the applause not ceasing un
i til the President raised his band. The
! President then stepped to the Bide of the ,
i uplifted mass of Illinois limestone and ;
j taking a trowel full of mortar from the
I board, he threw it on the base of the ,
i stone. As he did so a band stationed in ,
j the reviewing stand played "The Star i
Spangled Banner," and as the notes of .
- the national anthem were heard the
i crowd again broke Into cheers, the noise
I almost drowning the music. President
: McKinley pronounced the stone set, and
I resumed his seat as the workmen settled
the stone in Its place. .Senator William
i E. Mason made a brief address on behalf
j of the city of Chicago, and the ceremonies -
I concluded with a benediction by Rev. Dr.
i Gtinsaulus.
President McKlnley and party were then
j escorted to the Union League Club, where
I fhe President was the guest of the Federal
j committee at luncheon.
The military, naval and civic parade
. this afternoon was reviewed by President
McKinley, Don Ignacio Mariscai. Minister
of Foreign Affairs of Mexico; Premier
Laurier of Canada and other distin
guished guests of the city of Chicago. The
day was fine and the line of march was
I jammed with spectators windows, roofs
and every available space whore a foot
hold could be secured being occupied. The
parade began to form as the ceremonies
of laying the cornerstone of the Federal
building were being concluded.
The procession was led by Chief of Po
lice Kipley and staff, with a battalion of
police-. Following came the Mexican band
of forty-eight pieces and the American
band of sixty pieces preceding Chief Mar
shal General Wesley Merritt. U. S. A..
and stalT. of which General M. V. Sheri
dan acted as chief.
! The procession was In nine divisions. In
the first of which were President McKln
: ley. the Cabinet officers. Minister Marl Seal
rt Mexico and ..-her members of the"Mex-
I lean party. Grand Army of the Republic
veterans and Confederates, the Premier of !
. Canada and his party. Judges of the I
i United States Supreme Court. United |
j States Senators and Representatives, Gov- I
ernors and other officials. t
M'KINLEY AND LAURIER
MAKE TELLING SPEECHES
CHICAGO, Oct. S.-Chlcatro's great
auditorium never held a greater gather-
Ins: than to-night, when the Chicago day
banquet was held within its walls under
the auspices of the fall festival commit
tee. The great stage, upon which 1000
people can easily find standing room, had
bee.-i enlarged and a floor built over the
seats of the parquet,, quadrupling the
floor space of the stage.
Back of the raised table at the west of
the hall, at which President McKlnley
and the guests of honor were seated, was
an elaborate peace arch twenty feet In
height, constructed of pastry. It was
decorated with flags, tastefully draped
from the folds of which twinkled hun
dreds of little electric lights. On both
sides of the arch were great shields with
paintings of the American eagle and
groupings of American, British and Mex
ican flags. The balconies were resplen
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1899.
dent with banners and the coats of arms I
of all States in the Union. These were j
placed at regular Intervals around the
balcony below the first row of boxes and i
around each shield which bore the arms j
of a State was grouped a cluster of small
silk banners. On every table was placed
an elaborate floral piece, representing 'i
famous battle scene in the history of the
republic, a scene from the history of Chi
cago and' other suitable events.
The President, who was the guest of
honor, sat at a raised table on the right j
of Melville E. Stone, the toastmaster.
Other distinguished guests were at the
same table, among them being Vice Presi
dent Don Ignacio Mariscal of Mexico,
Premier Wilfrid Laurier of Canada, Senor
Manuel de Azpiroz, Secretary Gage, At
torney General Griggs, Postmaster Gen
eral Smith, Secretary Long. Secretary
Hitchcock, Secretary Wilson, General Da
vid B. Henderson, Senator Boies Penrose.
Major General Wesley Merritt, Brigadier
General Thomas M. Anderson, R. A. Al
ger, Charles Page Bryan. Minister to ;
Brazil; Japanese Minister Jutaro Komura,
Senator William E. Mason. Captain Jo- |
seph B. Coghlan, Sir Alphonse Pelletier, j
Senator William B. Allison. Senator j
James M. McMillan. Senator Samuel D.
McEnery, Commissioner General Ferdi
nand W. Peck and General Chambers Mr-'
Ibben. The material part of the banquet
occupied two hours, and it was nearly 10
o'clock when Mr. Stone rapped for order |
and brought the Intellectual portion of the
programme to the front in a brief ad
dress. •
Governor Tanner then In a short ad
dress welcomed the visitors on behalf of
the State of Illinois. After he had con
cluded Mayor Carter H. Harrison of Chi
cago and Senator Shelby M. Cullom of
Illinois were Introduced in succession, the
former extending to the visitors the wel
come of the people of the city of Chi
cago, and the latter a greeting on behalf
of the Federal officials of Illinois.
The banquet guests knew by their pro
grammes who came next on the list of
speakers, and when the toastmaster rose
to Introduce the President, who responded j
to the sentiment of "The Nation," he was
greeted with cheers which for a time pre
vented his voice being heard. When quiet
had been restored Mr. Stone Introduced
President McKlnley, who spoke as fol- ;
lows:
■Mr. Toastmaster and gentlemen: I am glad I
o join you In extending a sincere welcome to
he distinguished statesmen and diplomatists !
vho represent the great countries adjoining us
■ n the south and the north. We are bound to
hem by ties of mutual good neighborhood. We
ejolce In their prosperity and we wish them
Godspeed In the pathway of progress they are
io energetically and successfully pursuing.
on the reverse side of the great seal of the
United states authorized by Congress July 20.
782, and adopted as the seal of the United
States of America after its formation under
he Federal constitution. Is the pyramid signi
fying strength and duration. The eye over it
in.l the motto allude to the many signal Inter
lositions of Providence in favor of the Amer
can cause. The date underneath, 1776, Is that
if the declaration of independence, and the
vords under It signify the beginning of a new
American era which commences from that date.
it Is Impossible to trace our history since
vlthout ling that the Providence which was
vlth us In the beginning has continued to the
lation His gracious Interposition. When, un
lappily, we have been engaged in war He has
jiven us the victory. Fortunate Indeed that it
an be said we have had no clash of arms
viiii-li has ended in defeat, and no responslbll
ty resulting from war is tainted with dishonor.
n peace we have been signally blessed, and our
irogress lias gone on unchecked and ever In
creasing in the intervening years. In boundless
wealth of soil and mine and forest nature has
avored us, while all races of men of every na
lonality and climate have contributed their
rood blood to make the nation what it is. From
1.929,214 In 1790 our population has grown to up
ward of G2,000,000 in 1890, an.', an estimate of
>ur population to-day made by the Governors
if the States Is 77.803,231. We have gone from i
hlrteen States to forty-five. We have annexed
• wry variety of territory, from the coral reefs !
md cocoanut groves of Key West to the ley |
••uiiin^ of Northern Alaska- -territory skirting j
the Atlantic, the Gulf of Mexico, the Pacific I
md the Arctic and the Islands of the Caribbean I
Sea — and we have extended still further our i
INVITATION TO ATTEND THE CEREMONIES.
Jurisdiction to the far-away Islands In the Pa
cific. Our territory Is more than four times as
large as it was when the treaty of peace waa
signed in 175-3. Our industrial growth has been
even more phenomenal than that of population
or territory. Our wealth, estimated In 1790 at
$462,000,000, has advanced to $45,000,000,000.
Education has net been overlooked. The
mental and moral equipment of the youth on
whom will In the future rest* the responsibili
ties of government have had the unceasing and
generous care of the Slate and the nation. We
expended In ISO7-9S In public education, open
to all, $202,118,548; for secondary education,
(23,474,683, and for higher education for the
same period $?,0, 307,002. The number of pupils
enrolled In public schools In 1896-97 was 14,652,
--492, or more than 20 per cent of our population.
Is not this a pillar of strength to the re
public?
Our national credit, often tried, has been ever
upheld. It has no superior and no stain. The
United States has never repudiated a national
obligation, either to its creditors or to hu
manity. It will not now begin to do either.
it never struck a blow except for civilization
and never struck Its colors.
Has the pyramid lost any of Its strength?
Has the republic lost any of its virility? Has
the [-governing principle been awakened? la
there any present menace to our. stability and
duration? These questions bring but one an
swer. The republic is sturdier and stronger
than ever before. Government by the people
has been advanced. Freedom under the flag
is more universal than when the Union was
formed Our steps have been forward, not
backward From Plymouth Rock to the
Philippines the grand triumphant march of
human liberty has never paused. --. ■■■■■_ .
Fraternity and union are deeply imbedded in
tie- hearts of the American people. For half a
century before the Civil War disunion was the
fear of men of all sections. That word has
gone out of the American vocabulary. It Is
ken now only as a historical memory.
North, South. Fast and West were never so
welded together, and while they may differ
about internal policies they are all for the
Union and the maintenance of the Bag. .
Has patriotism died out In the hearts of the
 .;..■' Witness the 250,000 nan springing to
arms And In thirty days organized into regi
ments for the Spanish war and a million more
ready to respond: and the more recent enlist
ment of 70,000 men wit.i many other thousands
anxious to enlist, but » hose services were not
needed. Has American heroism declined. The
shattered and sinking fleets of the Spanish
navy at Manila and Santiago, the charge of
San Juan and El Caney and the Intrepid valor
and determination of our gallant troops In
more than forty engagements in Luzon attest
the tact that the American soldier and sailor
have lost none of the qualities which made our
earlier army and navy illustrious and- invln
' 'After 123 years th- pyramid stands unshaken.
It has had some severe shocks, but it remains
immovable. It has endured the storms of war.
only to be stronger. It stands firmer and gives
mere promise of duration than when the
fathers made It the symbol of the faith.
May we not feel assured that if we do our
duty Providence, which favored the undertak
ings of the Lathers and every step of our prog
ress since, will continue His watchful car- and
guidance over as and that the hand that led
u« to our present plane will not relax His
trp«P till we have reached the glorious goal
He has fixed for us in the achievement of His
end ?
Following the address of the President,
which was received with every manifesta
tion of enthusiastic approval, Mr. Stone
introduced Sir Wilfrid Laurier of Canada,
who, he announced, was to speak on "The
Dominion. "
The Canadian Premier expressed his
deep appreciation of this sympathetic re
ception, uttered his belief that the
Canadian people would at all times re
ciprocate the kindly feelings manifested
by those present— reciprocate not only in
words evanescent but in actual living
de. .is, and said it was an evidence of the
good relations which ought to prevail be
tween two such countries as the United
States and Canada that the people of
Chicago had Invited Canadians to par
ticipate in their day of rejoicing. After a
flattering reference to the splendid energy
and courage of the city of Chicago, the
Canadian Premier said:
Whenever you -meet courage you are sure to
meet Justice and generosity. Courage, justice
and generosity always go together, and there
fore It is with some degree of satisfaction that
I approach the toast to which I have been
called to respond. Because I must say that I
feel that though relations between Canada and
the United States are good, though they are
brotherly, though they are steadfast. in my
judgment they are not as good, as brotherly,
as satisfactory as they oueiit to be. We are
if the same stock. We spring from the same
races on one side of the line as on the other.
We speak the same language. We have the
same literature, and for more than a thousand
years we have had a common history.
.May 1 not ."ay that while our relations are
not always as brotherly as they should have
been, may I net ask, Mr. President on the part
of Canada and on the part of. the United States,
are we not sometimes too prone to stand by the
full conceptions Of our rights and exact all
our rights to the last pound of flesh? May 1
not ask if there have not been too often be
tween us petty quarrels, which, happily, do
not wound the heart of the nation?
I am proud to say in the presence of the
chief executive of the United States that it is
the belief of the Canadian Government that we
should make a supreme effort to better our
relations, and make the Government of Presi
dent McKinley and the present Government of.
Canada, with the assent of Great Britain, so
to work together as to remove all causes of dis
cussion between us. And regarding the com
mission which sat first in the old city of Que
bec and sat next in the city of Washington,
but whether sitting in Quebec or sitting in
Washington, 1 am sorry to say the result has
not been commensurate with our expectations.
Shall I speak my mind? (Cries of "Yes,
yes.") We met a stumbling block In the ques
tion of the Alaska frontier. Well, let me say
here and now that the commission could not
settle that question and referred to their par
t.cular Governments and they are now dealing
with It, May I be permitted to say here and
now that we do not desire one Inch of your
land (applause), hut if I state, however, that
we want to hold our land, though that would
not be an American sentiment, though it would
not.be a British or Canadian sentiment. I am
here to say above all, my fellow countrymen,
that we want not to stand upon the extreme
limits of our rights. We are ready to give
and to take. We can afford to be just; we can
afford to be generous because we are strong.
We have a population of 77,000,000—1 beg, par
don, I am mistaken, it Is the reverse of that.
(Laughter.) But pardon my mistake. Al
though it is the reverse, I am sure the senti
ment is the same. But though we have many
little bickerings of that kind, 1 speak my whole
mind and 1 believe I speak the mind of all
gentlemen when l say that hereafter when we
go down to he bottom of our hearts we will
find that there is between us true genuine
affection. (Applause.) There are no two na
tions to-day on the face of the globe so united
as Great Britain and the United Stated of
America. (Cheers.)
The Secretary of State told us some few
months ago that there was no treaty of alli
ance between Great Britain and the United
States of America. It is very true there is
between the United States of America and
Great Britain to-day no treaty which the pen
can write and which tie- en can make, but
there Is between Great Britain and the United
States of America a unity of blood, which Is
thicker than water. (Applause.) And I ap
peal to recent history when 1 say that when
ever one nation has to face emergency— a
greater emergency than forthwith the
ships of other nations go to their sister. (Ap
plause.) When last year you were suddenly
engaged In war with Spain, though Spain was
the weaker party and though, it is natural that
men should side with the weaker party, our
sympathies went to you for no other reason
than that of blood (applause), and I am sure
you will agree with me that though our re
lations have not reached the degree of per
fection to which I would aspire, from that
day a new page has been turned in the his
tory of our country. It was no unusual oc
currence before the mi nth of May, 1898, to
read In the British press of American arro
gance: neither was it an unusual occurrence to
read in, the American press of British brutality.
Since the month of May, 1898, these expressions
have disappeared from the vocabulary.
Sir. an incident took place in the month of
June last which showed to me at all events
conclusively that there is between us a very
dee] and sincere affection. I may be pardoned.
if I recall that Instance because I have to
speak of myself. In the month of .tune last I
spoke on the floor of the House of Commons of
Canada on the question of Alaska, and I
enunciated the very obvious truism that Inter
national problems can be settled In one or two
ways only, either by arbitration or by war.
And although I proceeded to say that a war
between Great Britain and the United ' States
would be criminal and would not be thought of
for the moment, still the word "war" created
quite an excitement in this country. For that
causeless excitement, though I was indirectly
the cause of It, I <!>> not at this moment find
any fault, because it convinced me to an abso
lute certainty that between your country and
my country the relations have reached that de
gree of dignity and respect, and affection that
even *'•■ word "war" is never to-be men
tioned In a British assembly or In an American
assembly. (Applause.) I repeat what I then
stated, that war between Great Britain and
the United States would be criminal in my
estimation and judgment, just as criminal as
the civil war which desolated your country
some thirty years ago.
The. welcome extended to Sir Wilfrid
Laurier was repeated when the next
speaker. Vice President Mariscal of
Mexico, rose. Ho responded to the toast
"The Republic of Mexico."
Secretary Long, who responded to "The
Navy," received a greeting that will live
with him for many days. "The Glories
of the. G. A. R." were dwelt upon by
Colonel D. B. Henderson of Dubuque,
lowa, the next Speaker of the national
House of Representatives. The last ad
dress on the regular programme was by
General Thomas M. Anderson. U. S. A.,
commander of the Department of the
Lakes, who responded to the toast "The
Army."
MISS MARIE BRANDT
IS SHORTLY TO WED
Engaged to David Warfield, Who Is
Prominently Known in the
Theatrical World.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— David Warfield,
who has been identified with the Weber
& Fields Slock Company ever since Sam
Bernard severed his connection with that
organization, and who figured prominently
In many of George W. Lederer's produc
tions at the Casino, will shortly abandon
his. bachelor life and marry Miss Marie
Brandt, of San Francisco. The prospec
tive bride is the daughter of a wealthy
property owner, who has lived for many
years in San Francisco. She has never In
any way been identified with the stage.
PROOFS DEMANDED.
Embezzler Moore May Be Extra-
dited by Chilean Government.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Oct. The
Chilean authorities have given the United
States legation here forty days within
which to present" proofs of the culpability
of Frederick T. Moore, the fugitive
former assistant teller of the National
Bank of Commerce of Boston, whom the
United States had requested Chile to sur
render on the charge of embezzlement.
His shortage Is $53,000. ;:!.'< Av.;
The Crystal Hot Sea Bathi.
. Physicians recommend th» Crystal warm sea
water tub and swimming baths. North Beach. *
FROM MILLIONAIRE TO
A TAMALE PEDDLER
Checkered Career of Juan de M, Lugo,
Who - Died in Poverty at San
Luis Obispo,
1
£ MONTEREY, Oct. 9.— News has just reached here from San Luis Obispo f
# of the death on October 7 of Juan de M. Lugo, who at one time was one ?
£* of the most prominent citizens of Monterey. During the early days of Mon- 3
0, terey the family of Lugo was one of the proudest and wealthiest of the 3
£ old capital city, and Don Juan Lugo himself was noted far and wide for the *a
gi lavishness of the hospitality accorded guests beneath his roof. S
0 Reverses came, however, and soon after the American occupation of Call- , .$
S^ fornia his fortune began to decline. Some years ago he removed to San Luis 83
SS Obispo, and going from bad to worse in a financial way was eventually '•$
£> obliged to earn his dally bread by peddling tamales. From his occupation^
j» he came to be known about San Luis Obispo as "Tamale Lugo." g
0 When the news reached here yesterday that "Tamale Lugo" was dead 65
5* those who had known Don Juan Lugo in his palmy days found it hard to $
» realize that the poor old tamale peddler could be that man. £S
WERE QUIETLY WEDDED.
Ira Robie and Miss Marie Dixon
United at Oakland.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 9.— The announce
ment of the marriage of Ira A. Roble, one
of the most prominent members of the
Sutter Club, caused a sensation among
his friends here, and he would be over
whelmed with congratulations if these
friends could only get him within range.
But Mr. Roble chose to elude his well
wishers and he carried out his plan ad
mirably.
He departed the other day by an after
noon train for Oakland with Miss Marie
Dixon, and the wedding ceremony was
performed in that city very quietly that
evening. All this was brought about with
out the knowledge of Mr. Roble's hosts
of friends Jn local bachelordom.
The bride is a cousin of Mrs. Charles K.
Lipman of this city and a sister of John
L. Dixon, a wharfinger of San Francisco,
whose marriage to a niece of ex-Governor
Budd was chronicled in the newspapers
a few months ago. Mr. Robie has been
for several years the local manager of
the Capital Box Factory.
CONGREGATIONALISTS MEET.
Annual Session Opens Auspiciously
at Pasadena.
PASADENA, Oct. The thirteenth an
nual meeting of the Southern California
Congregationalists convened to-day In the
Congregational Church with 125 delegates
present. Rev. W. T. Edwards of Escon
dido was chosen moderator and Rev.
George de Kay of Norwalk scribe. James
D. Ford, for many years secretary, read
his final report. Dr. Norton of San Diego,
delegate to the Presbyterian General As
sembly, also reported. -The address of
welcome was delivered by Rev. H. W.
Lathe of the lacal church. The convention
will last three days.
MINING CLAIMS FILED.
Extensive Operations Will B» Begun
Along the Sacramento River.
WOODLAND, Oct. The bank of the
Sacramento River, beginning at the rail
road bridge and running south 60,000 feet,
covering an area of 400 acres, is to be
mined. The directors of the Tolman Min
ing District, consisting of W. H. Wick
ham, George B. Tolman, Charles H. Jack
son, A. M. Brunkhorst, A. D. Jackson, C.
M. Tolman, A. W. Dunlap, AI. L. Jackson,
E. Dunlap and M. Wenk, to-day filed no
tices of location, and declare their inten
tion of holding and working the same as
placer mining claims. The area Is divided
Into two claims, to be known as the
Golden Sand and Golden Hunter.
FIFTY LIVES LOST.
Typhoon, at Yokohama Claims a.
Long List of Victims.
YOKOHAMA, Oct. 9.— lt is now believed
that no fewer than fifty persons perished
in Saturday's typhoon.
Balaklala Title Cleared.
REDDING, Oct. 9.— Title to the Balak
lala mining property In the Flat Creek
district was cleared to-day and the sale
of the property Is now almost a certainty.
The Balaklala is a group of copper claims
considered good property. The differ
ences arose between the owners and a
suit resulted. The corporation known as
the Balaklala Mining Company, after
much effort, has finally bought out all the
dissatisfied owners. The three last plain
tiff:- to the action were bought out to-day
for $12,000.
Shooting Match Postponed.
"WOODLAND, Oct. The first of the
State shoots, which was to have been held
by Company F yesterday, was postponed
on account of the windstorm. The 500
--yard target was completely obscured by
a cloud of dust. The shoot will take place
next Sunday.
If I
Hawes Hats.
I The popularity of the Hawes Hats is
universal. They are sold from the Atlantic
to the Pacific for
! $ 3.00
and every, one who knows the Hawes, knows
J that it is the best hat for the money sold
| to-day.
j We are the San Francisco agents for the Hawes,
I and we find that every month's sales are an increase
j over the former month's. This shows what a hold
J the hats are getting in San Francisco.
I You'll always wear a Hawes Hat if you wear
I one once. -•. ' '■'-£■•,:
\ Derbys: Fedoras:
I Two shapes, Two shapes,
I Three colors four colors pearl,
J cedar, walnut, cedar, walnut,
black. black.
(HI) S.N.WOOD a CO ftp)
j V^Viraj/ MARKET N^LO^ I
Out-of-town orders fiUSJk^-write us. I
SUED FOR LIBEL.
Publishers of the Sketch in Trouble
in San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 9.— Perry H. Newberry
and J. O. Brubaker. publishers of a
weekly called the Sketch, were arrested
to-day on charges of libel sworn to by
D. H. Bryant. Bryant is chairman of
the Taxpayers' League, an organization
that is keeping close watch on public af
fairs, and is the person who caused the
arrest a few days ago of ex-District At
torney Herrlngton on two charges of per
jury.
On September 30 the Sketch, in refer
ring to Bryant, contained the following
paragraph, which is the cause of the ac
tion: "By the way, how Is it that the
president of the Taxpayers' League has
to await a suit before paying his debts,
and even then Is found judgment proof?"
Newberry and Brubaker went to Justice
Wallace, before whom the warrants were
sworn to, and surrendered themselves
and furnished bonds in the sum of $1000
each.
DEWEY GOES TO VERMONT.
Will Be the Guest of Dr. Seward
Webb.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9. — Admiral
Dewey and party of friends left to-night
for Vermont, where the admiral is to be
the guest of Dr. Seward Webb. The
party, which occupied a special train, in
cluded, in addition to the admiral, his
aids. Lieutenants Caldwell and Brunlby,
Dr. Webb, Governor Smith of Vermont,
and the admiral's son and his Chinese
servant. Governor Smith and Dr. Webb
were guests at dinner with the admiral
this evening.
Defense in the Mills Case.
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 9.— The testi
mony introduced by the defense In the
Mills contest to-day tended to show that
Mills never made public acknowledgement
that the plaintiffs were his children. A
number of prominent residents were ex
amined to this purpose. Among the depo
sitions read from the absent heirs were
letters written by Mrs. Mills after the
death of her husband, in which she stated
that the Chathams were making trouble
for the estate, and if they succeeded in
their claims the absentees would get noth
ing. She had no fears as to the ultimate
outcome.
Mission Indians Lose.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. The Supreme
Court has handed down a decision affirm
ing the decision of the lower court In the
fight of the Mission Indians for their an
cestral lands near San Diego. The Dow
ney estate claims the lands by virtue of
a United States patent to J. J. Warner,
and once more the estate has won. The
Supreme Court affirms the decision of the
lower court in denying the Indians a mo
tion for a new trial in the suit they lost.
It is held that the patent Is sufficient title
behind which the court cannot go.
Goddard at Victoria.
' VICTORIA. B. C. Oct. 9.— Among the
passengers on the steamer Cottage City,
which arrived from Skaguay to-night,
was the insane murderer Goddard, who
came down in heavy shackles In charge
of mounted police. He will be taken to an
asylum at New Westminster. Cook Inlet
passengers say that but 150 men will win
ter there. The passengers from Dawson
had $60,000 worth of gold dust.
Boad Improvements.
MONTEREY. Oct. 9.— Extensive re
pairs are in progress on the county road
between this place and Salinas which,
when completed, will make this road one
of the best highways In the State.
Workingmen Scarce
DAWSON CITY, Oct. 9.— So many peo
ple have left here for Nome that working
men are getting scarce and wages have
gone up to JI 50 per hour. Carpenters and
experienced miners are In great demand.
34
FRANCHISES LOST
BY RAILWAYS
Consternation Exists
in Honolulu.
— — ♦ —
MANY FIRMS . LOSE LAND
♦-
EFFECT OF A RECENT ORDER
BY THE PRESIDENT.
* ; ' ,
His Edict Stopping the Sale of Pub
lic Lands and Declaring Void
:;;:,-. Past Transfers Is Com
bated. '
BY HORACE WRIGHT.
HONOLULU, Oct. 2.— President Dole and
his Cabinet are beginning to understand
that Hawaii is annexed and that there
is a high, authority over the people of
Hawaii tWan the-' men who - . dethroned the
monarchy. On the morning after the of
ficial proclamation of the executive order
of President Kinley relating to the sale
of public lands 1 called upon President
Dole to obtain from him an expression of
his views. He evidently felt that he had
been rebuked upon Insufficient grounds,
and he refused to be interviewed, saying
merely: "We are but subordinates to the
Government in Washington, and I do not
think it would be right or proper for me
to discuss the matter."
He then proceeded to a meeting of in
fluential citizens to arrange for Hawaii
being represented at the Paris Exposi
tion as a territorial part of the United
States, and this representation, so far as
Haw a is concerned, is now practically
arranged for, unless another executive
order intervenes.
Accompanying the President's order is a
long letter from Attorney General Griggs
to President McKinley, in which, alter
referring to the protest to the proposed
tale of the Olaa lands, be says:
"I have given attentive consideration to
the question raised by these papers, and
have no hesitation In advising you that
the officers of the existing Government in
said islands have no autnority to sell or
otherwise dispose of the public lands in
the Hawaiian Island.-, and that any such
sales, or agreement to sell, will be abso
lutely null and void as against the Gov
ernment of the Unit* States. It Is only
necessary to refer to the language of the
iNe.wlands) resolution and to the well un
derstood principles of public law. which
govern the subject cf territory ceded by
one Government to another to reach the
easy conclusion that the public lands In
the Hawaiian. Islands, upon the approval
of the ant resolution of cession, became
the property of the I'nited States, and
could thereafter be disposed of only in ac
cordance with such special laws as Con
gress might thereafter direct. The fact
that Congress has failed up to this time
to legislate on the subject has not rein
vested the Hawaiian Government with its
former power of disposition: That power
ceased upon the cession. Until Congress
passes laws in conformity to the provis
ions ..ft': resolution of annexation pro
viding for the sale or disposition of these
land! they must remain undisposed of."
It may be interesting to learn who art
affected under the provision "that if any
yales or agreements for sale of said pub
lic lands have been made since the adop
tion of the resolution of annexation, the
purchasers shall be notified that the same
are null and void, and any consideration
paid to. the local authorities on account
therefor shall be in led."
Official figures give the amount of money j
received since annexation at 157,3? 33, j
which amount, it Is said, has been applied 1
to the payment of Government bonds, and i
not directly for educational purposes, j
Nearly '**) persons and corporations are
interested in the decision, and some 10.423 >
acres of land have been disposed of since
annexation, and in addition a very large
number of small homesteads, of from ten
to thirty acres each, have also been taken ;
up. principally by Ha walla ns and Portu- '
guese. Un the islands of Hawaii and Maui.
The principal sufferers probably are the
he prlnci
Honolulu Sugar Company; who gave $10,
--000 for a lot upon which their mill and
buildings are erected, and C. Brewer & I
Co.. who have erected a handsome corn- i
mercial buildin.tr at eal cost. Costly Im
provements have also been placed "on a
very large number of the lots. Ami :
the other sugar plantations affected are
the Makee Nahiku. Pioneer. Olaa (coffee)
and others. The Catholic mission is also a
loser. 'i be Mak< • Company has its costly
pumping plant upon its forty-four acres.
erected at an enormous cost. The Oahu
railroad suffers a little, but the Hilo and
Kohala railroads have practically their
rights of way taken from them and are
placed at a standstill.
It is now understood that unless the ex- !
ecuth ■ order is modified the matter will
be taken before the Supreme Court of the
Unit- States by certain wealthy firms. 1
CHARGES OF DESERTION
MAY BE DROPPED
Recommendations Made in the Re
port of Judge Advocate Gen
eral of the Navy.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.-In his annual
report to the Secretary of the Navy Cap
tain Samuel C. Lemley, Judge Advocate
General, submits some Important recom
mendations looking to the betterment of
the Judicial branch of the naval service.
He calls attention to the great hardship
of carrying on the records charges of
desertions against veterans of the army'
and navy who left their organizations at
the close of the civil war without await
ing the formality of discbarge, and it is
recommended that Congress further ex
tend the beneficial provisions of the act
of August 14, IS>S, tended to relieve these
people.
Attention Is directed to the urgent ne
cessity of conferring upon courts-martial
the power to compel the testimony of civ
ilians. It is also urged that court-martial
proceedings may be simplified and has
tened to a conclusion if Congress confers
upon the courts the power to take testi
mony by deposition. Another recom
mendation is the merging of the examina
tion and retiring: boards, now uselessly
dupllcating functions.
The matter of prize and bounty claims
receives considerable attention, and the
Judgt* Advocate General submits a list
of cases where his office has certified to
the Treasury Department the facts con
nected with the seizure of Spanish ves
sels during the war. The vessels In such
cases are all of them merchant ships, and
the majority of them fell to the share of
the blockading Bquadron, many of them
being subjected to the claims of half a
dozen United States war vessels. Four
teen cases were carried to the Supreme
Court for adjudication.
Relative to the bounty claims, Including
those of the actions of Manila Bay and
Santiago, as well OS for the sinking of
the Reina Mercedes, the Judge. Advocate
General calls upon the Court of Claims to
take such action a. would settle them
promptly, and they are now pending be
fore the court. .
WOMEN'S PARLIAMENT.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 9.— The Women's
Parliament of Southern California will
open in this city to-morrow at Unity
Church. Many well-known club women
from different parts of the State have ar
rived and will take part In the pro
grammes for Tuesday and Wednesday.
Mrs. John Vance Cheney of Chicago will
i" a guest at the parliament and will
speak.
Mrs. R. 11. Stevens of P.akersfield, presi
dent of the San Joaquin Valley Federation
if Women's Clubs, will also be among the
guests of the parliament.
Mrs. H. V. liaddon, the president of the
parliament, arrived In Los Angeles last
week and will this evening meet women
interested In the success of the parlia
ment. The formation of a State federa
tion of women's clubs will be a chief
topic of discussion.
Will Wed a Soldier.
PASADENA. Oct. 9.— Nellie Powers will \
leave by steamer October 12 from San
Francisco for the Philippine Islands to
marry a regular army fflcer, J. E. Wil
son, stationed at Manila. The young lady. :
who is the daughter of Mrs. C. A White
of South Hollister avenue, left to-night
for San Francisco. The couple have been
engaged a long time, and decided they I
could not wait till tho war was over. j
SOCIALISTS MEET
IN CONFERENCE
Tenth Annual Session of
the Body.
.
MEETING HELD IN HANOVER
/ — -4.
HERR SINGER MADE PRESI
DENT WITHOUT OPPOSITION.
« ■
About One-Fourth of the Population
of Germany Represented by
Delegates Who Are As
sembled.
Special Dis:>aich to The Call.
HANOVER, Oct. 9.— The tenth annual
Socialist conference since the repeal of
the socialist laws opened this morning In
•the Balthorf, which is tastefully decor
ated with laurel leaves, red banners and
the. escutcheons of various German cities.
In the center, grouped amid ferns and
flowers around an allegorical figure of
Liberty, are busts of Ferdinand de Salle.
the originator of th- Social Democratic
movement In Germany; Karl Marx, the
chief of international socialism, and En
gels. Places had been provided for the
Police Commissioners and police officers
who will attend the proceedings on be
half of the Government.
There are 2-10 delegates, Including repre
sentatives, of Holland, Sweden, Switzer
land .ad Austria, the Austrian delegation
Including Dr. Adler, the Austrian social
-Ist leader, who toward the end of this
month must enter upon a term of four |
weeks' imprisonment to which he was re
cently sentenced. The delegates sit at
tables ranged along the whole length of |
the hall, and the scene presents rather the
appearance of students at a symposium !
than an assembly of workingmen repre
senting at least one-fourth of the popula-
Uon of Germany.
Herr Singer was unanimously elected
president. After the formal proceedings
animated discussion arose over the ques
tion whether the committee had acted in ]
the Interests of socialism In excluding
from the "Quest of Martyrs," publishetl
In the Vorwaerts, the socialistic organ, j
the laborers condemned for taking part in j
the Dresden riots. . .
A Saxon delegate hotly denounced the \
action of the committee, and was. repeat
edly called to order. The question was
finally shelved by a decision that the j
matter had been adequately thrashed out.
The Dresden, Mecklenburg. Stuttgart
and Munich delegates then moved that an ]
interpolation be submitted to the Reich-
Stag regarding the police prohibition of j
the dissemination of pamphlets containing
electioneering arguments In streets and
public places, and also regarding the ac- !
tion of the postal authorities in prohibit- I
ing the distribution of socialist literature
on Sunday, because of which prohibition |
many socialists have been fined for pri- |
vately itributing their party's organ.
Herr Rebel contended that an lnterpo
lation was impossible In the absence cf ■
specific data, and the motion was re- j
jected. Herr Liebnecht then Introduced
a resolution exhorting socialists to take
a 5 active part as possible in the In- i
ternatlonal Socialist Congress to be held !
in Paris In 1900. The resolution was adopt- ;
ed and the conference adjourned.
SUPREME COURT OF
THE LAND CONVENES
Meets for the October Term but Ad
journs Without Having Done
Any Business.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 9.— The United
States Supreme Court convened to-day for
the regular October term, but adjourned j
without transacting any business, accord- i
ing to the usual custom. • It Is probable i
that the cases which have been assigned
for next Monday will be reassigned for ]
some day early In December, the reassign
ments being mud' necessary by the ab- ]
sence of Chief Justice Fuller and Justice j
Brewer In Europe. Ex-Speaker Reed was j
present In court to-day to present a peti- j
tion. There were only five members of the
bench present, one less than a quorum.
They were Justices Harlan, Gray, Brown, I
Shiras and White. It is expected that I
Justice McKenna will arrive In time to sit
with the court to-morrow. Among the I
cases which were assigned for argument j
next week, and which will be reassigned, j
are those relating to the validity of tax- j
ation in Tennessee, a South Dakota max- i
imum freight case, a case Involving the !
Inheritance tax. two cases Involving the
stamp tax on express receipts, the anti
cigarette law of Tennessee, the constitu- j
tionality of the impure tea act of IS!*", and i
a suit to impel the Board of Education j
of Richmond County, Ga., to provide a j
high school for negroes as well as for
whites. The term opens with ■)!<'. oases on
the docket, compared with 42S at the be- !
ginning of the term last October. ;
UNION PACIFIC ADDS
TO ITS CAPITAL STOCK
Action to Convert at Par Oregon
Railway and Navigation and
Short Line Bonds.
SALT LAKE. Utah. Oct. 9.— At a special
meeting of the stockholders of the Union
Pacific Railroad ('ompany, held in this
city to-day, an amendment was made to
the articles of association to Increase its
preferred capital stock by the amount of
125.000,000 and its common stock by $7,
--"18,000. The amendment was adopted by
a vote of nearly SO per cent of the capital
stock.
The increased capital stock of the com
pany is to be used for the conversion at
par of outstanding Oregon Short Line
and Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company bonds. This gives the Union ■
Pacific (which already controls the Short
Line) absolute control of the Oregon Rail- i
way and Navigation Company. Leading 1
officials here say that no change in policy
or management is contemplated. I
IMPRISONED FOR
CHEATING AT CARDS
BERLIN*. Oct. Count Eggloffsteln, a
prominent member of the Club der Harm- I
loaen, the trial of certain members of j
which, on charges of gambling at the I
club, was begun on October 3, was sen
tenced to nine months' imprisonment for
cheating at cards. : .- ; :~, -._ . ;■- ■
PEERLESS
I OIL
COMPANY
Offers 5000 shares of its stock at
$1 per share.
Capital stock 100,000 shares.
Par Value $10 00 per share.
This company's property consists
of 160 acres of .patented hind in the
very center of the famous
Kern River District,
Midway between the ELWOOD
WELL and the TIBBETTS WELL
(both producers), and it Is sur-
rounded by wells in various stages
- - of development.
A CLOSE INVESTIGATION IS
INVITED.
A contract for sinking is about
' to be let and a strike of oil may
be expected at 220 to 250 feet depth.
OFFICE— Room 47, Eighth Floor,
Mills Building. j
THE SAIN FBA2TCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1899.
TpIHE Autumn-Winter term of THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S
_Lj HOME STUDY CIRCLE, beginning Monday, October 16th,
I and continuing until February 15th, 1900, will present the
«■ following courses of study:
I. Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
11. The World's Famous Artists.
111. Great American Statesmen.
IV. Desk Studies for Girls.
V. Shop and Trade Studies for Boys.
VI. Home Science and Household Economy.
The Call is essentially the great home paper of the West, and in arranging for the presentation of this
series of reading neither time nor money has been spared in securing contributions from the best literary
talent to be secured.
This series of articles will bring Call readers into close personal touch with many of the most dis-
tinguished writers and educators of the country.
It is impossible to measure this power for good. Only those who will enter into the full spirit of the
studies can realize how great is the benefit to be derived from taking advantage of them.
The courses arranged for the Autumn-Winter Term are in every way most attractive.
Shakespeare
I
The Shakespeare course will be
published on Mondays and Thurs-
days, beginning Monday, Octo-
ber 16.
t
Contributors to this Course :
EDWARD EOWDEN. Litt.D.,
D.C.L.. LL.D.
Professor of English Literature,
University of Dublin.
WILLIAM J. ROLFE, Litt.D.,
Editor of Harper Bros.' Shakespeare
Edition.
HIRAM CORSON, LL.D.,
Professor of English Literature,
Cornell University.
HAMILTON W. MABIE,
Associate Editor of The Outlook.
ALBERT S. COOK, Ph.D., LL.D.,
Professor of Literature,
Yale University.
ISAAC N. DEMMON. A.M. LL.D.,
Professor of Literature,
University of Michigan.
The following plays will bi taken np :
1. Love's Labor's Lost.
2. Comedy of Errors.
3. King Richard 111.
4. The Taming of the
Shrew.
5. As You Like It.
6. Othello.
7. King Lear.
8. Coriolanus.
t
Full particulars in illustrated booklet
mailed free to any address.
FREE OF CHARGE===A 32=PAGE BOOKLET, HANDSOMELY ILLUSTRATED.
It tells all about the HOME STUDY CIRCLE and the pro-
gramme of studies for the coming term. Mailed on request.
ADDRESS: MANAGER HOME STUDY CIRCLE, THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, CALL B'LDG., SAN FRANCISCIX
■•*•■••■••-••••«■•■•••■»•••■•»»«■.... T, - *%'%%■% *% %%%*rm . . . . - - - -- '- '
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ m * * * * *' m m* m m *m m m m m ' ' -*--*■ * m mm m m m m m % % n m mm— - - - - - - -
Artists
This course will be published on
Tuesdays, beginning Tuesday.
October 17.
Contributors to th's Course :
JOHN C. VAN DYKE, L.H.D..
jecturer on Art at Columbia, Harvard
and Princeton.
RUSSELL STURGIS, Ph.D.
F.A.I.A.
Art Critic of the New York Times.
A. L. FROTHINGHAM JR., PhD.,
Professor of Art, Princeton Univer-
sity.
ARTHUR HOEBER,
Art Critic of the New York Commer-
cial Advertiser.
FRANK FOWLER,
(New York City.)
The following artists will be taken up:
1. Titian.
2. Correqqio.
3. Donate'lo. ,
4. Valasquez.
5. Durer.
6. Hans Holbein.
7. Van Dyke.
8. Frans Hals.
9. Gainsborough.
10. Constable.
1 1. Sir Thomas Lawrence.
12. Sir Fdwin Landseer.
13. Meissonier.
14. ( i lnert Stuart. s
Full particulars in illustrated booklet
mailed free to any address.
History
The History course will be pub-
lished on Fridays, beginning Fri-
day, October 19.
Contributors to this Course :
ALBERT BUSHNELL HART,
Ph.D.,
Professor of History. Harvard Uni-
versity.
JOHN BACH McMASTER,
Professor of American History, Uni-
versity of Pennsylvania.
BERNARD C. STEINER, Ph.D.,
Librarian of the Pratt Free Library,
Baltimore.
FREDERIC W. SPEIRS, Ph.D..
University Extension Lecturer on
American History and Economics.
CHARLES H. SMITH, LL.D.,
Professor of American History, Yale
University.
WILLIS M. WEST, M.A.,
Professor of History. University of
Minnesota.
JOHN W. PERRIN, Ph.D.,
Professor of History. Adelbert College,
Cleveland.
JAMES A. WOODBURN, Ph.D.,
Professor of History and Political Sci-
ence, Indiana University.
Andrew c. Mclaughlin,
LL.B..
Professor of American History, Uni-
versity of Michigan.
The course in American history
will include special studies of the
following famous statesmen:
1. Samuel Adams.
2. Patrick. Henry,
3. John Randolph.
4. Gouverneur Morris.
5. Benjamin FranKHn.
6. Thomas Jefferson.
7. James Madison.
8. Alexander Hamilton.
9. John Jay.
10. John Marshall.
11. Albert Gallatin.
12. Andrew Jack.son.
13. John C. Calhoun.
14. Henry Clay.
15 Daniel Webster.
16. Charles Surnner.
Full particulars in illustrated booklet
mailed free to any address.
Night School
This course will be published on
Wednesdays, beginning Wednes- !
day, October 18, under the head-
ings "Desk Studies for Girls" and '
"Shop and Trade Studies for ;
Boys."
) "Desk Studies for Girls" has
been specially arranged for girls
and young women who feel the
need, of a more thorough knowl-
edge of language, books and
money affairs. The studies will be
presented under the following
heads:
1 . New Words and How to Use Them.
2. Correspondence and Handwriting.
3. Reading Courses and a Girl's Library
4. Personal Accounts and Money Affairs
5. Writing for Publication.
Boys and young men who are
ambitious to advance their posi-
tions will find that an evening or
two a week spent upon "Shop and
Trade Studies for Boys" will be of
the largest value. The work will ''
be divided into five departments,
as follows:
1 . Arithmetic of the Workshop.
2. Drawing for Mechanics.
3. Arithmetic of the Counter and Off!
4. Money Problems and Business
Records.
5. Machine Drawing and Design.
Full particulars in illustrated booklet
mailed; free to any address.
Home Science
This course will be published
on Saturdays, beginning Satur-
day, October 20.
The Call has planned an unusu-
ally attractive course in the "sci-
ence of the home," to be presented
during the autumn-winter term.
The very best talent in the United
States has been secured to give
plan and direction to the in-
struction, and many new and
unique features will be introduced,
Leading Contributors:
MRS. HELEN CAMPBELL.
MRS. MARGARET E. SANGSTER.
MRS. KATE GANNETT WELLS.
MISS LUCT WHEELOCK.
MISS ANNA BARROWS.
I"he following outline will give some
idea of the general character
of the studies.
1. The Home Healthful and Beautiful.
1. The Home Construction.
2. The Home Environment.
8. The Home Furnishing.
4. The Home Decoration.
2. The Buying, Cooking and Serving of
Food.
1. The Economic Buying of Food.
2. The Chemistry of Cooking.
3. Foods for Invalids and Children.
4. The Dining-room and Table
Service.
5. Carving and Serving Meats.
3. The Social Life of the Home.
1. Family Relations and Domestle
Life.
2. "Visiting and Entertaining.
3. Recreation and Amusement.
4. Women Wage Earners of the
Home.
6. The Home in Its Relation to the
State.
4. The Care and Education of Children.
1. The Children In Infancy.
2. The Kindergarten Age.
3. The First Years at School.
4. The Boys and Girls of Sixteen.
Full particulars in illustrated booklet
mailed free to any address.isiest
UNEXPECTED
DOWNFALL OF
RECREATION
Socialist Bested the Morcllo
Mare and Was Bid Up.
Five Choices Beaten.
One of the unlooke.d for occurrences at
Oakland track yesterday was the defeat
of the 9 to 20 favorite Recreation In the
seven-furlong run. The Burns & Water
house mare looked a likely winner into the
stretch, when she began to back up, and
Socialist, ridden by Ruiz, beat her rather
cleverly in I:2S. Uncomplimentary remarks
have been passed around about both the
•winner and Jockey Ruiz, and when led up
to be sold "Frisco" Linda horse received
a "boost." Entered for $300, he was bid
up to $700 by Jim Neil, his owner respond
ing with the customary $5 bid.
This and the defeat of four other favor
ites were the only unexpected happenings
of the afternoon. The weather was warm
and balmy and the track fast.
Charles Le Bel, the mount of Eddie
Jones, was backed as if it were all over
to win the opening six-furlong scramble:
hut Somis. a 5 to 1 shot, won without
asking. Le Bel was ridden out to beat
Ban Augustine for the place.
The unruly Slsquoc closed post favorite
for the two-year-old sprint, decided over
the Futurity course, but again demons
Ftrated that he is not a stayer. Chamnlon
Rose, played from 4 to 3. with Jones in
the saddle, was always in front, and. hard
ridden, led Palapa out half a length. E'.la
dv Poy, a 20 to 1 shot, finished in the
fhow. Slsquoc showed speed to the
stretch.
Backed to even money favoritism, Road
runner, with Thorpe in the saddle, made
no showing whatever In the mile selling
handicap. A half mile had not been cov
ered when he was hopelessly beaten. Best
ridden, McFarlane, an 8 to i shot, finished
gamely, downing the pacemaker. Wll
meter. a length. Petal, miserably ridden,
was third.
A wild plunge was made on Etta H to
capture the last number on the card, a
six-furlong selling affair, forcing the
mare's price down from fours to even
money in no time. She led to th' bend
for the wire, with Heigh Ho at her heels,
and then grew very leg-weary. The last
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Monday, October 9, 1899.— Fourteenth
day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine.
Track fast.
PITCHER HARVEY WANTED.
Management of the Chicago Team
Selects Him for Next Season.
SACRAMENTO, Oct 9.—8. L, Kripp,
A ■ j
Telegram !
- ■!
Los Angeles, Oct. 4, 1899 j
Big Panoche Oil Co.,
San Francisco.
Placed order for. rig . with
McAfie.
H. E CORBETT
_, i
Shares at $1.80 until the rig j
is on the ground, then price goes
to $3 per share. Don't delay. ":
BIG PANOCHE OIL CO,,
• Adams Building, 206 Kearny St , i
San Francisco. h
PROSPECTUS FREE.
■SBB^^BOBi^maBSBEemSB^
jCateat t/iecorda 9/^ade in the Shield of Sport,
part Novla assumed command, winning
easily from Mike Rice. The favorite fin
ished in third place.
Track Notes.
A. carload of twelve horses belonging to
Barney Schrelber arrived at Oakland yes
terday. They were in charge of Dick
"Williams, and included such cracks as
Bannockburn, Fly-by-Nlght. Boundlee
and Miss Marion. Another carload, also
owned by the St. Louis bookmaker, is ex
pected In to-day.
Eight bookmakers cut in yesterday, and
there is play enough for half a dozen
more. Bill Langford cut in under the
name of the Olympic Club and quit a
healthy winner.
If Harry Whitman expects to make a
rider of Buchanan he should coach him
a bit as to pace. Taking a horse away
out of the running when the leaders are
only crawling along may not always be
considered a mistake.
"Quill" Morse is still In full enjoyment
of his long run of hard hick. He has been
seen up In the saddle over twenty times
on both good nd bad horses, but as yet
his name is bracketless.
Rapldo pulled up bleeding slightly at
the nose, which accounted for his poor
showing. I SBWB
Following are to-day's entries:
First race— Six furlongs, three-year-olds, sell
ing.
(133) Anchored 101; 97 Black Orphan... 91
...Judge Wnffr.- , Mldlove 107
43 Alturas 94 133 Faversham 104
Second race — Futurity course, two-year-olds;
purse.
126 The Buffoon 107 Cl3o>M!dtty 107
... Bit of Fashion. .lls' 57 Sunello 107
Third race— Six and a half furlongs, three
year olds and up, selling.
IC2 Melkarth 103]O24)New Moon 103
(112) Yule 103 ... True Blue 113
135 Irving Cup 107;(129)Pat Morr!ssey...lo7
Fourth race— mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and up; selling.
134 Reolla 107l(12S)Opponent 103
134 Oral b-e 94 115 Marplot 106
140 Roadrunner 106 1 140 Rapldo 107
... Glen Anne 103' (24)Lothlan 94
Fifth race— Five furlongs, three-year-olds and
up, Felling: handicap.
139 Spry Lark 104] US Levator 93
12? Montallade ..'...100 136 Chihuahua 10?
112 Sybarls 106 ill Mike Rice 112
Selections for To-Day.
First — Mldlove, Faversham, Anchored.
Second race— Bit of Fashion, Sunello, Mldity.
Third race — Morrlssey, New Moon, Loving
Cup.
Fourth race — Opponent, Reolla, Roadrunner.
Fifth race Chihuahua, Mike Rice, Lavator.
manager of the Sacramento baseball club
received a letter from President Young
?i f i h ?v N ( ? nal Lea ffue informing him
that the Chicago managers had selected
Pitcher Harvey for that team for next
season.
Welcomed Comrades.
When the late war broke out Phil J.
Perkins was captain of the signal corps
of the Second , Brigade, and . enlisting in
the first company of the United States
Volunteer Signal Corps he was commis
sioned lieutenant of that organization. He
returned a short time since from Manila
as captain of tho Nineteenth Company of
that branch of the service. Last evening
the captain and about twenty-five men
of his command were the guests of the
signal corps at the Ellis street Armory.
Lieutenant W. C. Hazeltine, in the ab
sence of Captain Hewes, and about forty
members of the corps welcomed the com
rades and then there was a collation and
cigars. Captain Perkins gave an Inter
esting account of the service rendered by
the signal men on the islands and other
members of his command related their
experiences, and a very pleasant evening
was spent.
■ ♦ ■
A Woodmen's Social.
Golden Gate Camp, Woodmen of the
World, after a short business meeting: last
night gave an entertainment to members
and visitors under the direction of the
social committee. There were present
about 200 members of the order, for whose
enjoyment there was a programme that
had for features an amateur cakewalk by
Master Boardman and Miss Parker; so
i prano solo, Miss Armstrong; instrumental
solos. Joseph Boardman and L. H. Miller;
recitations. W. B. Currier and J. Golth
ncr; vocal solo, J. Peterson, and several
other numbers.
■ ♦ ■ .
It Is. neither tho . cat nor water only
husks, husks, husks. "Keith's." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1899.
LIGHTWEIGHTS WILL BATTLE
FOR COAST CHAMPIONSHIP
Two Clever Boxers to Meet a Second Time Thursday Night.
INTEREST In the National Club's
bouts which are to be" presented in
Woodward's Pavilion on Thursday
night is on the increase. Theodore
Van Busklrk, who has won some fame
as a heavy-weight boxer, is to be
pitted against Fred Russell, a giant
who hails from St. Paul. That their
"go" will be an interesting one to
followers of the sport is beyond ques
tion. Van Buskirk has been training
hard at Marysville and expects to en
ter the ring at 195 pounds. Russell has
been fitting himself at the Six-mile
House and will weigh in the neighbor
hood of 200 pounds.
As much Interest and even more Is
being taken in the fifteen-round con
test between Rufe Turner, the colored
champion lightweight of the coast,
FORM PLAYERS WIN.
At Morris Park Three Favorites
Came In First.
'< NEW TORK, Oct. 9.— Morris Park
to-day the track was heavy,- bat favor
ites won their share, form players put
ting the first three over the plate. Re
sults:
Hurdle handicap, one nnd a half miles-
Dutch Skater won, Phillldow second. Governor
Griggs third. Time. 2:51.
Six and a half furlongs— Oneck Queen won,
Prestidigitator second, Belgrade third. Time,
1:24 ■-.-.-
Six furlongs, felling— Jinks won. Judge
Warden second.. Merry Day third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs— Nanine ' won. Magic Light
second. Magnificent third. Time, 1:00. : .
One and an eighth miles— Laverock won,
Muskadine second. Oliver Mo third. Time,
1:57%
One mile, selling— Trillo won, The Pride
second. Hardly third. Time. 1:43.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 9.— Headlight 11,
from the stable of G. M. Miller, showed
such vast improvement over her race on
Saturday at Latonla to-day that tho
judges have barred the horse from start
ing again at the meeting. After Head
light won the third race to-day she was
run up from $450 to $SOS. Headlight's
owner bought her in at that price. Lord
Zen! was the only favorite that won.
Weather delightful; track fast. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Creedmore L won,
Bright- second. -lowa third. Time. 1:29%.
Five furlongs— Nutshell won, Lavenus second,
Caloocan third. Time. 1:02%.
One mile. Headlight II won, Seattle
second. Can I See 'Em third. Time, 1:41%.
One — Lord Z.»nl won. Sauber second.
Jolly Roger third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs, maiden two-year-olds Solent
won. Adair 11 second, Edlnborough third.
Time. I:O3Vi.
Seven furlongs, selling-Flop won. Hill Billy
second. Libation third. Time, 1:29%. .
CHICAGO. Oct. Weather clear;
track fast. Results:
Seven furlongs— Little Land won. Del Paso II
second, Bonnie lone third. Time, 1:27%.
Seven furlongs— Rush won, Florijj&r sec
ond. The Monk third. Time, 1:27%.
Short course, steeplechase — won, Che
nier second. Cosnor third. Time, 3:11%.
Seven furlongs— Mr. Johnson won, Canace sec
ond. Ed Tipton third. Time. 1:27%.
Mile and a sixteenth— won. Imp. Bit
ter Root second, Dogtown third. Time, 1:47.
One mile— Mi-rpah w- Solvable second, Tulla
Fonso third. Time, 1:11%.
DETROIT, Oct. 9.— A majority of the
betting choices won at Windsor to-day
over a fast track. Weather clear. Re
sults:
Seven furlongs, selling— Red Snapper won.
Little Reggy second, . Miss Alfarrow third.
Time, 1:20.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— J. Lucille
won. Eyes of Blue second. Miss Hudson third.
Time, 1:08%.
Seven furlongs, selling— By George won, Loo
ram second. Arquebus third. Time, 1:29.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Dally Re
port won, May S second, Tlckful third. Time,
l:0S?i.
mj www w w w w ww w w wwwww w w w w www w - ww www w ww wwwwww^
I A WONDERFUL DISCOVERY. I
B *^^^^ife\ over thirty years ag0 ' while makin § a special study of the weak/ % .
£. Wt i» nesses of men, the idea struck me to use Electricity. Consequently; ' ■ 3
£ HkL i Spl invented a portable chain battery, and it met with such wonderful success 3
§= Pp'^.. IlKl that l have devoted m y whole life to its study and improvement. Since 3
£= WW v?^ Jm& then it has undergone many change?, until to-day it embodies the best 3
£ ' M J^&K JP>wjP features of all electrical-appliances, and. constitutes what I consider a per- 3
i= Jli-S*<J/ SEaW feet home self-treatment --for men suffering from Impotency, Nervous ?
£ &wL^^ mM& Debility, Varicocele and the results of youthful indiscretion. =3
£ - c reputation of =|
|^|3k : Dr, Sanden's Electric Belts f
E I //»'■'/. y / « Is. world r wide, .-they have to their credit over 6000 cures for 3
fe '/ / / X / 9& Mine is the only GENUINE Electric Belt protected by United 3
E; '/•'/ A' * States and foreign -patents. Write to-day for my FREE 800 or call at 3
£f. If copyrighted mv office and consult me free of charge. .3
I DR, T, A. SANDEISI, ia ™J™MH EET > f
fc: Office Hours— 9 to 6; Sundays, 11 to 1.
7iiUiUnuiuUiUiUiUiUiitiUiuaiiUiUiumiu^iUiuawuiuai-iumiuiuniiUiaiii^iuiuiu^iiuuiUJUiuiUiiiiUiiiiiiiU[l
and Jimmy Reiily. This fight is In
the nature of a return match, Reiily
having succumbed to his dusky .op
ponent at Stockton some months ago.
Reiily claims, as do also his friends,
that he was not in condition when he
fought Turner, having suffered from a
fever contracted in Portland. To prove
this assertion, the friends of the hard
hitting local lad are banking heavily
on his chances of victory. . They feel
certain that Reiily will win out before
the bout goes to the limit.
Roth Reiily and Turner are training
hard for their fight. The white pu
gilist is conditioning himself for a
hard battle, which he hopes to turn
into a victory and retrieve the defeat
he suffered at the hands of the col
ored man. He points with a degree of
Seven furlongs— Our Llda won. De Haven sec
ond. Weithelm third. Time, 1:29,
Five and a half furlongs Sir Blaze won, Earl
Fonso second, Quaver third. Time, 1:08.
LEXINGTON*. Ky., Oct. 9.— The track
was heavy and slow. The feature to-day
was the Walnut • Hall cup, worth $3000,
together with the silver cup given by L.
V. Harkness. Lord Vincent, the Tran
sylvania winner, was a topheavy favor
ite before the race, with Edna Cook sec
ond. Both failed to win, the race going
to Ellert. Considerable money was
dumped on Vincent at 50 to 20. . Vincent
could do no better than second place In
two heats. { ; ...... . ■
The 2:10 pace brought out a strong field,
with Little Thorn favorite and Free Bond
second. It was postponed' after the fourth
heat until to-morrow. Results:
Walnut Hall cup, 2:16 trotters; purse $3000—
Ellert won third, fourth and fifth heats.' Time.
2:15 1 s 2:16%, 2:16. Edna Cook won first heat
In 2:15% and was second. Hilda won second
heat In 2:15 and was third. Lord-Vincent, Jo
sephine Dixon, Iris O, Surpol and Aggie Me
dium also started. -
2:10 class, pacing, $1000 (unfinished)— Little
Thorn won second and third heats. Time, 2:11%,
2:11%. Bell Boy won fourth heat in 2:12. Free
Bond won first heat in 2:14%. Fairview. Blaze
Boy Atlantic King, Oddity, Shade On, Byzan
tine. Jersey Mack and Hartford Jr. also
started.
NEW TORK, Oct. 9.— Horses from the
stud of Messrs. Morris & Walden were
sold to-day at auction at Morris Park.
Those bringing the best prices were;
Mars, stallion, J. F. Seagram, $900.
Unison, eh. m., 4, by Rossington-Unlt, Rich
ard Croker. $1100.
Brusquerie, eh. f., 2. by St, Florian-Haste,
Sidney Paget. $1050. T
Kentucky Colonel, b. c, 3. by Kantaka-Noc
turn, H. D. Brown & Co., $1050.
B. c, by Galore- Abaca. W. H. Sands, 81300.
B. <•.. by Russell-Minnehaha 111, J. F. Mad
den. $1000. '-.;— ,■.:,,'-„
B. c, by Galore-Stefanettl, A, M. McDonald,
$17c0. „ ■„
B f., by Silver Fox- Merry One, A. L. Mc-
Creery, $2200. "
AMERICANS BATTED POORLY.
Made a Miserable Showing in Cricket
Game With English Team.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 9.— The match
between the English cricketers and the
gentlemen of Philadelphia was continued
to-day on the Germantown Cricket Club's
grounds at Manheims and was notable
for the poor batting of the Americans.
The ball played slowly owing to a wicket
softened by rain. Prince Ranjitsinhjl was
unable to play owing; to a sore throat.
When stumps were drawn for the day the
Englishmen were all out for 263 runs and
the Americans had all been retired in
their first Inning for 85. They began the
second inning and made a total of 46 runs
for two wickets.
Prince Ranjitsinh.il's team will leave
here to-morrow night for Toronto, Can
ada, where they will play a two-days'
match against all Canada, returning to
New York on Friday.
pride to the fact that although he was
not in condition when he met Turner
In Stockton he landed often and hard
enough to make his rival remember
that no "dub" was before him.
Turner, who is a brother of clever
Charley, is aware of the fact that in
Reiily he has a hard customer. He is
therefore paying close attention to his
work and expects to enter the roped
arena In fine fettle. His numerous
admirers in Stockton and vicinity,
where, he has fought his way into
prominence, are coming to the fight in
largo numbers and with money to
back their favorite. The sale of seats
promises to be a large one, as lovers
of the manly sport have not had an
opportunity in some time to see a good
man perform.
BEANEATERS TIED
FOR SECOND PLACE
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
•. Clubs— W. L Pet. I Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn 97.43 .683 Pittsburg ...75 72 .510
Philadelphia 93 . 55 .628 Chicago 75 72 .510
Boston 92 65 .626 Louisville ...73 76 .490
Baltimore ..So 69 .590 New York... 86 .334
St. "Louis.. 66 .560 Washington 52 97 .349
Cincinnati ..79 «7 .541 Cleveland ...20 129 .134
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 9.— The Phillies de
feated Boston- to-day for the second time and
tied the Beaneaters for second place in the
National League race. Both teams played hard
to win. and the Quakers owe their victory to
mlsplays by Boston's battery In the third in
ning. With the exception of this Inning Nich
ols pitched a good game, while Orth's delivery
was steady throughout. Attendance, 3301.
Score: •>..-_•
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 18 1
Philadelphia ' . 3 5 0
Batteries— Nichols and Bergen; Sullivan,
Orth and McFarland. Umpires— Emslie and
Dwyer.
ST. LOUIS. Oft. 9.— Louis took the first
game by bunching hits In the first and sixth
innings. The Reds had a big lead In the sec
ond, but the Perfectos kept at them and tied
the score In the sixth, when the game- was
called. ■ Attendance, 1200. Score, first game:
Clubs— •:.: R. H. E. f
St. Louts 6 9 4
Cincinnati 4 10 2
Batteries— and O'Connor; Breitensteln
and Kahoe. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
Second' game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 6 9 2
Cincinnati 6 7 3
Batteries— Sudhoff, Thomas and O'Connor;
Cronin and Wood. .Umpires— O' Day and Mc-
Donald.
WASHINGTON, Oct. -Washington took the
first game to-day by outplaying the Orioles.
The second game went to the visitors, who
hit McFarland hard. Errors by the Senators
also assisted them materially. In the second
game Mercer disputed Umpire Manassau' de
cision that Sheckard was safe on a steal from
second to third, and ended by catching the
umpire by the shirt and shaking him. Mercer
was fined and ordered out of the game. He
resumed his position at' third, and when again
ordered off the field ran after Manassau. wlio
had gone to second base. There he grabbed
the umpire by the shirt and after a struggle
tore it in several places. The umpire came off
the field, followed by Mercer, who was Inter
cepted by a policeman. The crowd began to
surround the men, but were dispersed. Score:
Clubs- .>.,:• R. H. E.
Washington „ 8 16 0
Baltimore 6 14 '2
r Batteries— Evans and Klttredge; Howell and
Smith. Umpires— Manassau and Snyder.
Second game:
Clubs- *- H. E.
Washington 2 7 4
Baltimore , ° 9 13 0
McFarland, Weylng and Powers-
Kitson ' and Crlsham. Umpires— Snyder and
Manassau. ' ■.-
000000000000
■CV:".. ' ' O
o «gv, 4 O
I &ast I
o o
CHAMPION
OARSMEN AT
EL CAMPO
There Will Be Close Con
tests in Several Events
Next Sunday.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
of the Pacific Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union held last night arrange
ments wer* made for the annual cham
pionship races to be held over the El
Campo course on Sunday, October 'ls.
The course will be from a point to the
south of the El Campo ferry silo one mile
and one-sixteenth to the turn and back.
Tho following are the entries in each
event :
Junior outrigged skiff race— Dr. F. R. Axton,
Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club; Stanley
Adderley, Triton Swimming and Boating Club;
Charles Jenkins. South End Rowing Club: E.
B. Thornlng. Alameda Boating Club.
Senior outrigged skiff race— Alexander 'W.
Pape, Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club,
and George Baker of the same club; Dr. C. C.
Dennis. South End Rowing Club.
Senior shell race— H. A. Wlttkopf. Ariel Row
ing Club; E. B. Hadcock, Alameda Boating
Club; James P. Foley, South End Rowing
Club.
Junior shell race— E. C. Stenberg, Ariel Row
ing Club; George Lewis, Alameda Boating
Club; George P. McGrill, South End Rowing
Club.
Senior four-oared barge race: Alameda Boat
ing Club— E. B. Had cock, bow; W. G. Hansen,
No. 2; D. G. Greenleaf. No. 3; F. W. Ayers,
stroke; Ed Hansen, cockswain. Pioneer Rowing
George Collopy, bow; Fred O'Neill, No.
2; George Lawson, No. 3; Fred Beal, stroke;
Eddie Hause, cockswain. South End Rowing
Club— James Pallas, bow; M. J. Breen, No. 2;
Joseph Lyons, No. 3; J. E. Scully, stroke;
George F. McGrill. cockswain.
Intermediate four-oared barge race: South
End Rowing Club— Dr. C. C. Den.ils bow;
Charles Skelly, No. 2; Al Hampton, No. 3;
James P. Foley, stroke; Albert Sonnenberg,
cockswain.
Junior four-oared barge race: Ariel Rowing
Club— Charles Wilson, bow; Charles Peters No
2; F. Loth. No. 3; E. Lynch, stroke; Roy West,
cockswain.
Alameda Boating Club— Ed Halman, bow; E.
M. Hunter, No. 2; D. G. Greenleaf, No. 3;
George Lewis, stroke; Ed Hansen, cockswain.
South End Rowing Club— Dr. C. C. Dennis,
bow; Charles 'Skelly. No. 2; Al Hampton. No.
3; James P. Foley, stroke; Albert Sonnenberg,
cockswain.
Naval Battalion cutter race: Second divis
ion crew— McKee, Pierce, Clapp. Burgess,
Farnham, O'Hearn, Sutton, Vannler, Cattra'n,
Buckley; Holdredge, cockswain; substitutes —
Bogel, Hammond, Burke, Blythe, 8011. En
tries for the first division crew not vet made.
The officers will be the following: Referee,
George James of the Olympic Club; starter,
J. T. Sullivan of the Pioneer Rowing Club;
marshal of the course, W. O. Patch; assist
ant marshal. A. 11. Mellitz; timers— S. J. Pem
broke, J. B. Keenan, John D. Mahonev, 11. W.
Maass and H. A. Pleas; judges— A. Taylor, A.
J. Fritz, T. J. Fltzpatrick, • W. C. Espy, J.
Klunder, A. H. Schimpf, D. J. Everett. T. J.
Sullivan, N. Brown. C. H. Smith, C. M. Far
rell and P. J. Enright.
The order of races will be as follows: Junior
shell, senior outrigged" skiff, senior shell. Junior
outrigged skiff, Naval Reserve cutter, junior
barge relay, swimming race, Intermediate
barge, senior barge.
The choice for stations: Junior shell—
Lewis, 1; George McGrill, 2; E. Stenberg, 3.
Senior skiff— C. C. Dennis. 1; George Baker, 2;
A. W. Pape, 3. Senior shell— J. Foley. 1; A.
H. Wlttkopf, 2. Junior skiff— S. Adderlev, 1;
C. Jenkins, 2: E. B. Thornlng. 3; Dr. F. R.
Axton, 4. Naval Reserve cutter race First
division, 1; second division, 2. Junior barge-
South Ends, 1: Ariels, 2; Aiamedas, 3. Senior
barge— South Ends. 1; Pioneers, 2; Aiamedas,
3. The races will be started soon after the ar
rival of the 10:30 a. m. boat from the city.
RACING AT FRESNO.
Opening of Agricultural Fair "Wit-
nesses Good Events.
FRESNO, Oct. The Agricultural Fair
opened here to-day. The chief event was
the race meet at the fair grounds. For
the opening day the attendance came up
to expectations. Everything was in fino
condition for the speed contests, the track
was fast and the day delightful.
The officers announced for the week
■were: H. M. Smalley, announcer; Lee
Blasingame and M. L. Woy, judges;
Louis Hellbron, C. H. Swett and George
Berry, timers.
The first race was for named horses. It
was won handily in two straight heats by
Dlctatress.
The 2:20 trot was won by McNally after
four heats had been run. A great deal
of time was lost at each start with Miss
Barnabee, who acted badly.
The five-eighths of a mile dash for two
year-olds was won by Steel of Diamond,
Cowboy second and Pidalia third. Time.
1:03%.
The last race, six furlongs for three
year-olds, was won by Crane & Owens'
Amasa, Chappell's P F second and P.
Enor' Bernardino third. Following is tne
summary of the trotting races;
Trotting, named horses:
Dlctatress (Kent) 1 i
Fan Putnam (Jeffries) 2 2
Ned Thorn (Hellman) 3 3
Boodle (Bunch) 4 4
Time, 2:15. 2:14%.
Trotting, 2:20 class:
McNally (S. Hoy) 3 12 1
Colonel X R (Regan) 2 2 13
Miss Barnabee (Clark) 1 432
Sue (Donathan) ' 4 344
Time, 2:21. 2:20, 209%, 2:19%.
LASTED BUT A MINUTE.
Terry McGovern Quickly Knocks Out
Billy Rotchford.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— lt took Terry ; Me-
Govern, the bantam-weight champion,
about one minute to decide to-night's en
counter with Billy Rotchi'ord of Chicago,
at Tattersall's. The men were scheduled
to go six rounds, but McGovern went at
Rotchford in much the same way he at
tacked Pedlar Palmer a month ago in
Now York, and the result was about the
same, i He went at his man fiercely, and
F.otchford was soon helpless and groggy
He tried vainly to save • himself by
clinching, but McGovern did the same
terrific work at close range as he did
against Palmer, with the result that the
Chicago lad was laid low at the end of
one minute's fighting.
Woman's
Sweet
Comfort.
rf All wo-
r?J^y^\ men who
tS^^9S^SOKARBA have taken
fHudyan Brings Comfort r»r» vnn
I All Orufiii'sts. 50;. ) suffer
with backache, pains over abdomen, nerv-
ousness, painful periods, mucous dis-
charge, irregular periods? Have you
headaches dig. 2), a pale, emaciated face
(fig: 3). palpitation of heart (fig. 1), a
poor appetite and disordered digestion
(fig. 4), are you thin and wasted (fig. 5)?
If so. "take HI'DYAX."
HI'DYAN exerts its curative influence
at the seat of trouble; it goes to the bot-
I torn of the evil. HUDYAN Is nature's
I own remedy fpr female weakness and Its
many complications.
HUDYAN— aII druggists— soc package;
six packages $2.50. If your druggist does
not keep it send direct to HUDYAN
REMEDY CO.. cor. Stockton, Ellis and
Market sts., San Francisco. Cal.
CONSULT HUDYAN DOCTORS FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
+o#o*o^o4>os>os>os>o<&o<&o<S>o<&o+o^
IYICHY ls HEALTHFULII
o 9 A Natural Mineral Water %
% fil with medicinal qualities, o
o Mm For Indigestion and O
0 '4ppi Stomach Disorders, o
1 jfjjgj& So-called VICHY I
§ jjwJMJ^ IN SIPHONS %
lEBHb-mhichy!
o SjcSSS Get th ° Genuin ° o
IMVICHY
* iiiju, li .mm *
% |fl,l,flTlltilhfrj
° A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent %
♦O^o*o^o<*o4>o^o*o<3>o<»o^o<s>o*o+
3 visit DR- JORDAN'S great
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
0 Cid 10E1 H AEIsr ST. let. 6A47tt, S.T. J
\ C^f The Largest Anatomical Museum in the A
m World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
' StJrsSa d'&« pr»itl»«rly c«red by the oldest T
ft le3| Specialist en the Coin. EsL 36 years- ft
0 fc&j&l OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES^
\ Illwl Consultation free and strictly private \
A n XS^JsTn Tr« itment personally nr by letter. A J
\I V UH Pot.me Cure in erery case undertaken. T
iff ,11 A Write for Book. PHILOtiOPBVtfi
X■ ji 1 • MARRIAGE. MAILED FREE. (AY
a & tl' valuable book for mm) \
f DR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. 0
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
— —OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LIVERPOOL AND LONDON AND
GLOBE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Liverpool, England, on the. 31st day of
December. A. D. ISSS. and for the year
ending- on that day. as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 610 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Heal Estate owned by Company J1, 739.000 00
Loan* on Bonds and Mortgages 3.622,350 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and •
Bonds' owned by Company 2,602.593 "
Cash in Company's office 2.2*.' OS
Cash In banks 783,823 .'?
Interest due and accrued on Loans.. 198 03
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 43,768 21
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 827,629 01
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid..... 21,9."0 07
Total Assets $9.703. 65
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $17,674 27
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 600,965 99
Losses resisted. including expenses.. 46,950 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. {3,023,234 21:
reinsurance 50 per cent 1.511.617 11
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $4,067,-
-776 54; reinsurance pro rata 2,054,152 27
Amount reclalmable by the insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies ■ 823,882 68
Liability under other departments... 92,271 56
All other demands against the Com-
pany 310.151 70
Total Liabilities $4,857.665 56
: ;-•' INCOME. — — .
Net Cash actually received for Fire
Premiums .... $4,979,422 11
Received for Interest on Bonds and '
Mortgages : 156,343 43
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources .".:..... 103.332 13
Received for Rents 61,639 63
. ■ i
Total Income $5.300.737 20
■ EXPENDITURES. ,
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding . $395.750 70, losses of pre-
vious years) $2,876,293 71"
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 922,658 53
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 331.400 41
Paid for State National and local
taxes 136,906 29
All other payments and expenditures • 334,802 88
Total Expenditures $4.602,061 S7
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year ! $777,675,892 $6,602.676 74
Net amount of Risks]
expired during the
year ! 826.066.155 7,400,46617
Net amount in force
December 31. IS9B | 845.071.329 7.091,010 75
H. W. EATON. Res. Manager.
GEO. W. HOYT, Dep'y Manager. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 26thi
day of January. 1899.
W. H. WILDET. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
NO. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
CHARLES D. HAVEN
Resident Secretary.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year ;6
TUESDAY OCTOBER io, 1809
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
1 LBLICATIO.N OFFICE .... Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
LDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main mi.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies, f* cents.
Terr.-.? by Mail. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), one year I*o.oo
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months ».o<l
DAILY CALL (L.clUiMng Sunday Call), 3 months .... l.."><>
DAILY CALL— By Single Month ♦»•"«'
SUNDAY CALL One Year T-50
WEEKLY CALL One Year I- 00
All postmasters are authorised to recelv. subscriptions.
■»;:.; copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
AMUSEMENTS.
California— "Peg Wofflngtcn."
Columbia— "Hotel ; pay Turvy."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Tlvoll —"Alda." "Othello," "Trovatore," "Atilla".
.\lca~ar — "Jim the Penman."
Grand Opera House — "Girofie Glrofla,"
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Oiympia. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Oakland Racetrack— Races day.
AUCTION SALES.
By S. Watkins & Co.— This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
1517 Harrison sm-et.
WONDERFUL MARCONI.
BENJAMIN FRANKLIN died one hundred and
nine years ago. Frictional electricity was known
before his day, but he was the first to identify
it as an element common with the lightning. Lightning
and thunder were great natural wonders that early at
tracted the attention and the awe of self-conscious
man. Two thousand nine hundred and seventeen
years ago David in his psalm of thanksgiving for de
livery from his enemies and from the hands of Saul
said, "And He sent arrows and scattered them;
lightning and discomfited them." The Book of Job
presents that anthropomorphic view of Deity which
was adopted by Milton in "Paradise Lost" and by
Everest Parity in his "Guerre Celeste." In address
ing Job he is asked, "Canst thou send lightnings that
they may go, and say unto thee, 'Here we are'? "
In 1752 Franklin drew upon himself the charge of
irreverence when he sent his kite up to a thunder
cloud and took upon his knuckle the spark of elec
tricity brought down on the string. In the one nun
'dred and forty-seven years gone since that day the
world has been continually awakened to the impor
tance of his discovery, which was the greatest scien
tific fact discovered in the eighteenth century. It
proved the existence of a pervading influence in the
universe as general as ether and air, as tenuous as
cither, and yet the storehouse of a power nothing
can resist. In that spark that struck the philosopher's
knuckle was the seed of the telegraph, telephone, the
cables under the seas, the cars moved rapidly on land,
of the lights that brighten a myriad of cities, the heat
that reduces food for human use, the cylinder that
records the human voice and the process that pictures
things in action and reproduces them upon a screen.
But the most wonderful of all the marvels captured
from that thundercloud has been left to crown the
nineteenth century as the wonder of all the ages in
Marconi's wireless telegraphy. It has demonstrated
that as the discharges of electricity between cloud and
earth, between the positive and the negative, need no
directing medium, no wire, no kite string, so the use
of electricity as a medium for conveying language and
transferring thought requires no wire. There is in
the air itself, with the same tenuity as electricity, the
capacity to transmit the controlled current, with the
same facility for opening and closing the circuit and
articulating the words and signs of a message as has
been supposed possible only by the use of a wire.
The great international yacht race off Sandy Hook
at New York has transferred Marconi's discovery
from the stage of interesting laboratory experiment
to the field of assured practicality. Indeed, this had
been done when The Call received by wireless teleg
raphy the news across the water that the Sherman
was sighted bearing the returning California Volun
teers. But that demonstration did not have the bene
fit of the world's attention, though it was the means
of securing the inventor to use the yacht race as an
international occasion for conquesting the world's ad
mission of the practical character of his discovery.
Standing on the deck of a steamer in close company
with the racing boats, much of the time fifteen or more
miles from shore, he noted every tack, position,
change in speed and incident on every boat's length
of the course and transmitted it all through the air to
shore, whence it came by special wire. three thousand
five hundred miles to The Call office, where it was
bulletined within an average of two minutes from the
time he committed it to the air! Other reporters of
the event had to watch the yachts from the shore,
whence a correct observation of their position and
their work is impossible. If reporters were as near by
as he, with the same facilities for observation, the
transmission of what they saw was impossible. But
this wizard, this new prince of the powers of the
air, flung his message into space, and if the cable
service were organized for transmission it could have
been in London and all the capitals of Europe and on
the far side of the planet as promptly as it came one
seventh of the world's circumference to San Francisco.
The mind is conscious of the effort heeded to grasp
this wonder just as the minds of men, were conscious
of exertion and change in methods of thought and
reasoning to take full hold upon what Franklin
demonstrated, and its first withdrawal from laboratory
seclusion, nearly a hundred years later, in Morse's in
vention of the telegraph.
The civilized mind, however, does not work is
slowly as it did fifty and a hundred years ago. The
march of invention and the economic application of
science have brightened and sharpened the intellect,
yet Marconi has taxed the trained intelligence of the
world as none of his predecessors have done. The
application of his discovery has as yet no bounds
fixed. This survey must come by experiment and
practice.- But it is within the range of possibility that
soon wireless telegraphy will be a necessity in the
equipment of every sea-going steamer, and that
progress of voyage, health of passengers, storm and
prospective wreck far out, at sea will be a common
feature in the news of every day.
The Call is gratified to have had a part In the
wonderful work of demonstrating Marconi's discovery,
which easily subordinates all that had preceded it, and
appears destined to stand alone, supreme, isolated, in
its awe-inspiring influence for an age to come.
He has answered affirmatively the challenge to
Job. He has sent the lightnings that they may go,
and say unto him, "Here we are."
MUNICIPAL POLITICS.
THE beginning of the municipal campaign has
already, witnessed the invention and imposition
of a false issue.
When Hon. Horace Davis was nominated for
Mayor by the Republican party last Thursday night
he accepted in a temperate speech, in which he said:
"The position of Mayor of San Francisco is at all
times one of responsibility, but this year it is more
responsible than ever. We have come to the parting
of the ways, where the city shall cast off its swaddling
clothes and come out into the grace and majesty of
civic maturity. Your platform sets forth the prin
ciples upon which you ask and have a right to expect
the support of the people. I accept the responsibil
ity imposed upon the nominee for Mayor by that plat
form. lam in favor of and have had some experience
in the work of municipal reform. I had the honor to
preside over a preliminary convention looking to the
framing of the new charter, and I participated in sev
eral ratification meetings, believing that the charter
opened to us a new era for municipal reform. I shall
endeavor, if elected, to carry out its provisions faith
fully and honestly.
"We are not only municipal reformers, but we are
Republicans. We are not bound to do our duty only
in our city and our State, but we are bound to defend
our greater home that stretches across the continent
and is washed by two great oceans— our country.
This is not merely a local fight; it is the advance
skirmish of the great battle that will be fought over
the whole country a year from now. When we come
out of this fight, with victory upon our banner, we
shall be ready to bear our part, and a strenuous one,
' in the national fight.
"I ask you to go home and organize and consoli
date your strength in every district and locality 'and
be ready for the fray. Remember that you are not
fighting for your city alone, nor for your State alone,
but you are fighting for your country."
Twenty-four hours later Hon. James D. Phelan ap
peared before the Democratic municipal convention
to accept its nomination for Mayor, and said:
"I noticed that last night the candidate of the Re
publican party asserted that national issues must be
considered in this campaign. He appealed to his con
vention to come together and arm and fortify them
selvesfor what? For the election next year. Gen
tlemen, we are not conducting the election next year
at this time. We are conducting the election this
year, and we have told the people through our plat
form what we propose to do. (Applause.)
"With all respect to the intellect and experience
! and the public service of Mr. Horace Davis, I say that
he is it is a hard word to use, but I will say it) a
; traitor to the new government of San Francisco; that
he is false to the charter when he utters such a state
ment. He is false to the charter when he endeavors
to influence the minds of the people by incorporating
| national issues into a municipal campaign, when that
! instrument and the very spirit and letter of that in
j strument is designed to remove national considera
j tions from municipal affairs.
"* *; * During the last three years we have built
up an organization to serve the city and county of
San Francisco in its municipal affairs. And now we
ask for an expression of confidence. When a party
has rendered distinguished public services, as the
Democratic organization has done, and will to a
greater extent do, then we can go before the people
and say that all our purposes are to serve all. to give
better government, and if we have been faithful in
small things may we not in the State and national
sense be faithful also in great thing-"
It will be seen that Mr. Davis and Mr. Phelan in
their statement of the State and national aspect of the
campaign were in substantial accord. Mr. Phelan did
not omit to state the prestige which a municipal vic
tory will give his party in the State and national
campaign to come. Mr. Davis reminded Republicans
of their duty to their city, their State and their
country.
After thinking it over Mr. Phelan found himself a
loser in the personal attack on Mr. Davis, and from
forty-eight hours' reflection addressed that gentle
man a. letter in which he says: "I used a word, the
first that came to my lips, which I at once regretted,
and, while expressive of my idea, it was too harsh a
term to apply to a gentleman who has always been
courteous to me and whose character I have always
respected." But when he used the term it was not
impulsive but deliberate. He not only debated it in
his mind, but he uttered the result of deliberation
when he said, "It is a hard word to use, but I will
use it."
In his letter of apology, which does not apologize,
he repeats the offense, if anything, in exaggerated
form. Referring to Mr. Davis' call to duty in all
governmental affairs he says: ''If your contention
be true, the charter has erred; but we know that bad
municipal government in San Francisco has come
largely from the fact that unfit men have floated into
oifice under party pressure or under the shadow of
greater and more exciting issues 'than local interests
can present." This sentence of his letter is inverted,
and what begins should have ended it, as follows:
"Therefore separate municipal elections at consider
able cost have been ordered."
What fair-minded men or unfair-minded men ca
pable of understanding very plain English can ex
tract from the speech of Mr. Davis the conclusion
that he opposes separate municipal elections? Yet,
Mr. Phelan accuses him of doing just that, and this
accusation occurs in an apology for calling his op
ponent "a traitor," which he admits expresses his
idea!
Mr. Phelan has sacrificed any reputation he may
have had for that sincerity and forthrightness which
•become a gentleman to his political ambition. He
used the word "traitor" to please the violent aggre
gation which he was addressing, and, withdrawing
that, substitutes a false charge for a harsh word and
goes deliberately on. record under circumstances that
render the plea of impulsiveness impossible. As a
man's career in public affairs progresses he uncon
sciously unfolds himself as he is, not as he wishes
others to think he is. It is evident that Mr. Phelan
has reached the unfolding stage. He began with a
harsh and unjustifiable word and ascription and
covers that revelation of himself with a still worse
offense. It is well that personalities are his monopoly,
for his use of them holds up to nature that mirror in
which he is seen as he is, stripped of the shelter of
deportment and profession. •
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENTS.
I— _;OR some cause not apparent at this distance, the
I Republicans of Nebraska saw fit to embody in
Republicans of Nebraska saw fit to embody in
their State platform a plank declaring: "We
commend to the thoughtful consideration of the Re
publican party of the nation the proposition that a
national convention be called by two-thirds of the
States to revise the constitution of the United States,
under provisions of article V of the Federal constitu
tion." ''A'
The plank of course cuts no figure in the State
campaign, for it does not constitute a live issue. It
is, however, interesting as an evidence of the wide
spread desire for amending the* constitution. It is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1899.
fairly certain that a good many amendments will be
proposed at the coming session of Congress. These
will include changes providing for the election of
United States Senators by direct vote of the people,
the lengthening of the term of Representatives from
two to four years, the lengthening of the Presidential
term to six years with a provision that the incum
bent of the office shall not be eligible for re-election,
and one changing the date of inauguration. There is
another which has been suggested by a member of the
House from Kansas, by which the sessions of Con
gress shall be held alternately in the West and in the
East
Of all these propositions the only one which t has
much chance for passage in either House is that regu
lating the election of United States Senators. The
others are hardly more than matters for academic de
bate. In any event the Republican party of the na
tion is not likely to approve the plan recommended by
| Nebraska. A convention called to revise the Fed
! eral constitution would be about the worst political
j calamity that could befall the country. The organic
law under which the republic has lived for more than
I a century has its defects, but the present generation
of statesmen is hardly fitted to be trusted with the
work of making a better one.
THE LESSON OF THE FIRES.
rIRE in the Sutro forest, sweeping over the hills
and threatening the buildings of the Affiliated
Colleges and many dwellings and shops, brings
home to the people of San Francisco the dread
danger that impends over all the wooded districts of
California during the dry and heated season. It re
calls once more the heavy losses annually inflicted
upon the State by such fires, and impresses upon the
popular mind the importance of devising and putting
into effect some comprehensive plan for the protec
tion of the forests and the manifold interests that de
pend upon them.
Bad as the fire was in the Sutro woods, it was but
a trifle in comparison to the fires raging in the for
ests elsewhere. In the Santa Cruz Mountains a fire
which had been smoldering for some days broke out
fiercely in the hot winds of Sunday and destroyed
not only a large quantity of valuable timber, but
vineyards and barns and dwellings. Even worse re
ports come from other districts. Dispatches from
Keswick announce that for four days forest fires have
been running over the Clear Creek region west of
Shasta, while other reports tell of destructive flames
raging from Covelo to Laytonville, and from Cahto
to Westport, sweeping everything inflammable in
their path.
The worst of such fires is that the damage
does not end with the immediate property loss. The
destruction of the timber on every considerable area
of land tends to change the natural order of the
watercourses from steady streams running all the year
round to spring torrents that rush to the seas, leaving
their courses dry during the season when the water
is most needed. Jn that way every industry is in
jured and the soil itself threatened with barrenness.
In hardly any civilized portion of the world has the
lesson of the need of forest protection been more
strikingly taught than in California. It has been costly
enough to make it impressive to even the most indif
ferent. The annual losses done to farms, pastures,
vineyards, orchards and buildings of one kind or
another amount to far more than the sum that would
be required to establish an efficient forest police and
protection. It is a wasteful folly to hesitate longer in
undertaking such a policy, and it is to be hoped the
public mind will become so thoroughly educated on
the subject that when the next Legislature meets a
comprehensive scheme of forest protection will be
provided for by appropriate laws.
OHIO is at present the storm center of politics.
The contest there has overshadowed not only
Mr. Bryan's little fight in Nebraska but the
uproarious battle among the Bourbons in Kentucky,
which opened with such vigor that orators fainted on
the stump and rival speakers had to be put under
bonds to keep the peace before they, were permitted
to debate with one another.
As the Ohio campaign goes on it becomes more
evident that McLean builds his hopes for success
upon the factional fights in the Republican ranks.
and particularly upon that which rages in Cleveland
and Cuyahoga County. It is true that the talk of the
orators on the stump deals with questions of trusts,
imperialism and bossism, but there is no definite is
sue between the parties on either of those questions.
Republicans and Democrats alike denounce the bosses
and the trusts, while the issue of imperialism has not
been advocated by Republicans any more than by
some of the more noted Democratic leaders, and it is
not likely the vote of the State will be materially in
fluenced by it. Reports from all sources agree that
the main feature of the campaign is the dissension in
the Republican party, and that if the party be de
feated the result will be due more to personal antag
onisms than to anything else.
So hitter are the fights in Cuyahoga County that it
is said Colonel Dick, chairman of the State Republi
can Executive Committee, is afraid to visit Cleveland
.'est he should have to align himself with one party or
the other, and he has good reasons for desiring to be
free from such entanglements. There are 500,000 peo
ple in the county, and if it should go strongly one way
or the other it would undoubtedly carry the State with
it. In fact, the vote elsewhere is regarded as being
so equally divided that, according to the correspon
dent of the Philadelphia Record, even if it should
go for Jones, the independent candidate, he would be
elected.
Along with the hopes excited by dissensions among
Republicans McLean has other grounds' for expect
ing success. The correspondent of the New York
Tribune, in the course of a thorough review of the
situation, says:
"McLean counts earnestly on Republican divisions.
He counts with confidence, too, on a large floating
element which always desires change and under or
dinary conditions votes with the 'outs.' Favoring
political considerations, it is true, have enabled the
Republicans to hold this vote in recent years, but
those conditions no longer exist. McLean believes
that the enthusiasm proceeding from rising confi
dence in success after being so long out of power will
finally unite all the Democratic factions in his sup
port. Aside from these promising elements, McLean's
chief dependence is upon himself and a well-organ
ized, effective campaign. His barrel will be on tap
from start to finish. It is to be a still hunt."
It is to be noted, however, that in the State there is
also a very lively fight among the Democrats. There is
a faction among them known as the "Goats," and an
other faction called the "Kids." The two are most bit
ter in Cleveland. It is to McLean's advantage that both
are bidding for his support, and if he can continue to
keep them in a. condition of expectancy until after
election he may win out. In the general confusion of
things, however, the independent Mr. Jones has be
come an important factor in the contest. It is even
possible that in their disgust with the factions of the
old parties the Ohio voters may elect him just for
luck.
MOT CONTEST IN OHIO.
"Can't, Old Man; Doing a Little Imperial Bullying Myself."
—New York World.
SAYS THE PLAN IS ADMIRABLE
The Call's "Home Study Circle" Commended
r.
by T. 0. Crawford, Superintendent of
Alameda County Schools.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Rev. D. G. MacKinnon is registered at
the Occidental from Stockton.
Dr. C. P. Klndleberger, U. S. N.. is at
the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
George 'H.Northy, a wealthy mine owner
of Sulphur Creek, is a guest at the Lick.
James Ryland, the San Jose banker and
capitalist, is a guest at the Occidental.
Judtte J. F. Post en, a well-known oil
speculator of Serena, is registered at the
Lick.
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker, is at
the Palace. He is accompanied by Mrs.
Field.
C. H. Hanford, one of the leading mer
chants of Seattle, is a guest at the Occi
dental.
William H. Dall of the United States
Geological Survey is a guest at the Oc
cidental.
Louis Reehat, a wealthy mining man of
Pasadena, is among the recent arrivals at
the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Graham are at the Occi
dental, where they arrived yesterday
from their home in Tacoma,
Alfred Hartwell, son of Judge Hartwell,
and A. F. Judd, Jr., are at the Occi
dental on their way to college.
Dr. O. Bar Nached is a traveler from
Germany who Is staying at the Palace.
He ls accompanied by his wife.
B. N. Bullock, a banker of Eureka, and
F. B. Cutler, a popular politician of the
same place, are staying at the Lick.
At the Palace there is registered a num
ber of prominent Masons who have come
up to this city to attend the meeting of
the Grand Lodge.
J. A. Fashay, a city father of Los An- \
geles, and J. S. Greeley, a prominent and
Influential citizen of Santa Ana, are reg- i
istered at the Lick.
Captain Rockman, an officer of the
British army traveling for pleasure, Is
among the arrivals on the Peking who
registered at the Palace.
Dr. D. P. Durst, one of the leading phy
sicians,- of Wheatland, is a guest at the
Grand. He is in the city on a trip com
bining business and pleasure.
Dr. John Dewey, who has been for |
some time past connected with the De
partment of Philosophy of the Chicago j
University and who has just returned j
from Peking from an extended tour of
the Orient, ls registered at the Occi
dental. He ls accompanied by his wife.
Dr. H. "W. Hunsaker and wife and J.
R. Trego and wife will leave this morn- !
ing for Mendocino County for an outing '
of a few weeks. They Intend camping in j
Potter Valley during the warm days of
the season, and after the game has wan
dered far from their hunting grounds they
will return to the city.
Ex-United States Senator Warner Mil
ler, accompanied by his daughter, arrived !
at the Palace yesterday from New York, j
He is here in connection with business !
concerning some of the extensive mining !
properties in which he is interested, par
ticularly some mines Which he has lately
acquired in the Southwest.
M. H. Flint, L.'j. Brown. W. C. Marsh,
E. H. Augustus, S. Prayer and C.W. Pen
dleton constitute a party i of prominent
Masons who are at the Grand, where they
arrived yesterday from Los Angeles to at
tend the meeting of the Grand Lodge in
this city. They are all leading men in
the mercantile life of the city in which
they reside.
H. Reyes, Dr. and Mrs. F. L. Miner and
A. J. Cleghorn make up a party of dis
tinguished Hawaiians who are at the
California. Mr. Cleghorn is an English
gentleman who married into the royal
family of Hawaii and became the father
of Princess Kaiulani, who would have suc
ceeded to the throne had not death and
annexation prevented.
T. Tsne and K. Takeda, two Japanese
mining engineers, who are traveling for
the study of their profession; Yeize Ishid
zuka, Japanese Consul to Formosa, and
High Counselor of the Judicial Bureau
of Japan, who is on a vacation trip, and
K. Yoko, a large wool manufacturer who
is here to purchase supplies for his fac
tory, are all registered at the Palace,
where they arrived yesterday on an
Peking.
Harry Corson Clarke, the clever.come
dian, has returned to this city and has
made the Bohemian Club his headquar
ters. Recently Mr. Clarke completed a
very successful tour with his company,
presenting "What Happened to Jones,"
after which he played a special engage
ment in Washington, D. C. During the
summer, with his wife, Mr. Clarke vis
ited all the prominent summer resorts
along the Atlantic coast. He comes to
this city to present a new play which he
recently purchased, entitled "What Did
Thompklns Do?" Mr. Clarke will open
at the California on the 12th. He has
gathered together a very line company,
and after his engagement at the Califor
nia will make a tour of the West, pre
senting the new play in conjunction with
"What Happened to Jones."
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. 9.— Garret W. Mc-
Enerney of San Francisco is at the Shore
ham; J. B. Derby of Oakland is at the
National.
Veteran Firemen.
Next Wednesday night the Veteran
Volunteer Firemen's Association will give
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j^ oiroiroir YTToTTff o-irarinf rT^
I OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK, j
l THE FASHIONABLE PRIVATE ADDRESS DIRECTORY I
E Season 18991900. Now Being Compiled. 3
jo The entire edition has been subscribed for in advance. It will be printed 3
g on delicately tinted enameled plate paper, elegantly bound in blue "Pega- 3
C mold" leather, with a handsome design in gold leaf on the outside of the front «
C cover. The work will be carefully compiled and will be entirely changed ow- 3
Jo ing to the renumbering of all the residence streets. It will contain the ad- 3
>o dresses and reception days of prominent families, and will include only the 3
>o names of persons of recognized social standing; a list of club members with cJ
° their business addresses; a new set of theater diagrams; San Francisco and °{
C Oakland street and avenue guide; ladies' shopping guide, suburban residents 3
0 and personnel of the press; also guests of the leading hotels who will be 3
>o permanently located for the winter. 3
I Address all changes HOAG, Editor and Publisher, 3
CHARLES C. HOAG, Editor and Publisher,
225. Post Street. San Francisco. , 3
Care of EDWARD H. MITCHELL, Art Stationer, 225 Post street o
a social to the ladies of the Auxiliary
Society, recently organized, in Its hall at
24 Fourth street. The boys of the old
days of the Fire Department of this city
propose to have a glorious time that
night, and during the winter months tho
ladles will get up entertainments for the
members of the association.
Success of the Call's Bulletins.
Reno Gazette
The wireless telegraph service the San
Francisco Call is getting to-day. In the
shape of bulletins from the yacht race,
ls simply marvelous. The Call and New
York Herald have had a service from th**
race course on the water near Sandy
Hook of wireless telegraphy to the near
est Western Union office, and have re
ceived bulletins every' two or three min
utes, thus beating all competitors and
demonstrating beyond the possibility of a
doubt that wireless telegraphy is feasi
ble.
Marconi Deserves the Reward.
Oakland Tribune
The Individual who has come to the
front and disputes Marconi's rights to
the new wireless telegraphy does not
help his case much by saying that the
secret was in his possession when Mar
coni was a lad but 9 years old. If he
did not have enough enterprise about
him to develop the idea and make It
useful to the world he deserves to be
shut out now. Marconi is the man who
is giving civilization the benefit of It,
and he is entitled to the rewards that
accrue from his work.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A LANDLORD'S RlGHT— Subscriber,
City. A landlord may raise rent to any
figure that he desires, irrespective of the
value of the property. If the occupant
does not want to pay the rent asked he is
privileged to move away.
THEIR NAMES— A S., City. The par
ties asked about and recently married in
Oakland were William Gloria, a native of
Portugal, 37 years old, and Annie B. Mc-
Donald, a native of Haywards. Cal.. aged
26 years. They were married by Justice
of the Peace John W. Stetson. July 27 of
the current year. The date of the con
tract marriage was 1891, and the age of
the child, a boy, is 4 years. This depart
ment does not» know the present where
abouts of the couple.
ON THE COMSTOCK— C. C. 8.. Chi
cago, 111. The following named mining
companies have contracted for electrical
power on the Comstock: Utah, Sierra Ne
vada. Union, Mexican, Ophlr, Consoli
dated California and Virginia, Andes,
Best and Belcher, Gould and Curry, Sav
age, Hale and Norcross. Chollar. Potosl,
Bullion, Alpha, Consolidated Imperial,
Challenge, Confidence, Belcher, Segre
gated Belcher, Overman, Caledonia, Alta,
Justice, Occidental and Yellow Jacket.
HONOLULU— B. S., Coquille, Or. All
the steamers bound for China and Japan
touch at Honolulu. For dates of depar
ture see the advertisement published in
the Daily Call. The fare is $100 cabin, $30
steerage.
The text books used in the schools of
the Hawaiian Islands are the national se
ries. A teacher from any one of the
States of the Union who has a certificate,
who might secure a position as teacher
on the islands, would have to undergo a
formal examination. ■ • • • ,
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. *
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
In the Divorce Court.
Lizzie E. Green has been granted a di
vorce from Thomas F. Green on the
ground of extreme cruelty. Amelia At
chison secured a divorce from John At
chlnson yesterday on the same ground.
Suits for divorce have been filed by J. S.
Halstead against Eunice Halstead for de
sertion; Bertha Whlteley against George
L. "Whlteley for desertion; Laura M. It
quhart against Alexander F. Urquhart for
desertion, and Charles Engelking against
Mamie Engelking for cruelty.
Avoid all danger of disease from drinking
Impure water by adding 10 to 20 drops of Dr.
Slegert's Angostura Bitters to a glass.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
John 11. Curley, tailor, San Francisco,
$5443 44; no assets.' G." H. Covert, man
ager and salesman, San Francisco, $41132;
no assets. ." .SUPPLIES WILL
BE FURNISHED
THE HOSPITAL
Supervisors Supply
Needed Funds.
SMALL DEFICIT WILL RESULT
» .
PERRAULT RESIGNS PROM THE
FINANCE COMMITTEE.
♦
Police Patrol Drivers Discharged
and the Department Will Here
after Make Its Own Ap
pointments.
♦
The Board of Supervisors took care of
the half-starved inmates of the City and
County Hospital and Posthousc yester
day, and from now until the end of the
year the half-thousand stricken ones In
those Institutions will have the food and
drugs they need to make their lot as
mildly miserable as it may be. It took
some hard iigurlng to find enough money
with which to do it, and the plan
adopted resulted in the resignation of
Supervisor Perrault as chairman of the
Finance Committee, but the board cut !
out ali political and other considerations j
and faced the cold fact that the county's
wards were' starving and provided the i
wherewithal to keep them from It.
Chairman Perrault offered a resolution
which limited the hospital authorities to
a monthly expenditure of $s^-3. He did
not deny tho needs of tho county's sick
1., any means, but insisted that they
n.ust be provided for at an expense of not
more than 'that amount, as that was all
there was left. Supervisor Attrtdge,
chairman of the Hospital Committee, of
fered a second resolution allowing the
hospital its full $7500 per month and
charging any deficiency that might result
against statutory salaries connected with
the institution, to be carried over Into
the next half of the current fiscal year.
w hen It could be paid.
The contractors who were present de
clared they would not furnish another
dollar's worth of supplies if Perrault's
resolution were adopted, but would ac
cept the measure offered by Attridge.
The board adopted Attrldge' a resolution
forthwith, and Perrault promptly re
signed. His resignation was not accepted,
but on motion of Deasey was laid over a
week. Attridge's resolution read as fol
lows:
Resolved, That the Hospital Committee. Su
perintendent Physician of hospital and the hon
orable Board of Health be and are hereby re
spectfully requested to strictly scrutinize all
expenditures for the City and County Hospital
end to indorse no requisitions for supplies of
any kind, character or description unless the
same are urgently required for the care and
treatment of patients, and to conduct the said
Institution so that the necessary attention may
le afforded the unfortunate sick.
Resolved. That this board will allow and
crier paid all demands to the extent of $7300
and no more for each of the months of Septem
ber. October. November and December. ISS9,
for the expenditure of the City and County Hos
pital.
Resolved, That this board will provide the
means from the appropriation for urgent nec-s
--sity purposes, if the same should create a defi
ciency, and the amount expended will be at the
expense of statutory officers' salaries, which
salaries must be paid out of the, tunds of the
succeeding year.
Resolved. That all the bills for goods, wares
and supplies furnished under contracts entered
Into by this board will be allowed and ordered
paid and the Finance Committee is hereby
empowered and required to approve all of said
demands, the contractors furnishing supplies
agreeing to continue and comply with their
contracts under such conditions.
Supervisor Holland followed the load of
Attrfdge by introducing and righting
through to passage two much needed re
forms that have bobbed up and been
knocked in the head every year since
their necessity became apparent. He suc
ceeded in winning for the Police Depart
ment the right to appoint its own patrol
drivers and exercise all authority ovet
them, ard he also succeeded in having
adopted a resolution prohibiting the
stringing of unsightly campaign and
other banners across the prominent
streets of the city.
His police resolution provided that In
stead of drivers of patrol wagons beina
appointed by th*> Board of Supervisors a*
under the present order, the Police De
partment should be given permission tc
appoint fourteen more patrolmen who
LITTLE ROSE WILL
STUDY IN PARIS
y• v •
*■ T ITTLE ROSE LENCHNER, who made such a hit at the Masonic festi- *■ i
Q I val that was held In this city, and who afterward appeared at the A' 1
,). f California Theater with the "Brownies," left for Paris yesterday, ac- X I
a | companled by her mother, and will take a two years' course In toe aI '
V "^""V.ancing at the best Parisian stage dancing schools. The child is only 8 V <
■jr years rid, yet she showed so much talent in stag dancing that the father of t i
Q the little girl, Henry Lenchner, decided that he would act on his numerous A j i
1 friends' advice and let her take a thorough course- in Europe before lie would i, I
A allow her to appear on the professional vaudeville stage. After her last ap- A M
V pcarance in San Francisco she was offered a very flattering engagement at V '
** the Orpheum circuit, but her parents decided that she was then too young for *" *
Q such hard work. The little dancer's many friends are all confident that u\ '
yL. when rhe returns to America aho will add another star to the firmament of *■ '■ .
a California stage favorites. n\i
AMBITION OF TWO BOYS TO
HOLD UP SOLDIERS CRUSHED
TWO boys, Willie L. Nicklet, 13
years of age, and Frank Walsh,
two years older, started out Satur
day nisrht on a career of daring
crime, after supplying themselves
with money stolen from Nicklet's
mother to furnish themselves with
the necessary material to carry out
their bold designs. They are now in
th» City Prison booked for a public In
stitution and are bemoaning their fate.
Saturday night while Mrs. Nicklet
was asleep her young hopeful stol
from her dress a purse which contained
$24.25. They live a; 2321 Bryant ave
nue Walsh's people live in the neigh
borhood and when Nicklet stole out of
the house with the purse he was met
by Walsh and they conspired to have
some fun, as they express it. in hold
ing up soldiers at the Presidio after
they had been paid off by the Govern
ment. They slept under the stairs
hading up to Corbett's butcher shop.
Twmity-thlrd and Bryant streets, and
early yesterday morning, after dividing
the money in the purse, went down
and purchased a revolver and two
boxes of cartridges in a hardware store
on Fourth street. Their next purchase
was a pair of overalls each and a pair
would act as drivers, but who would be
directly accountable to the department.
To back up his resolution, he called in
Captain of Police Wittman; who said that
under the present arrangement neither
the department nor any one else had au
thority over the patrol drivers, and that
as a result they were constantly turning
up drunk, or refusing to do as they were
to.ii, or using vulgar language, or some
other of a dozen things for which a po
liceman would lose his star. Captain
Wittman not only made his charges, but
mentioned specific cases to prove them,
and when the matter came to a vote the
resolution was promptly passed. A sec
ond resolution, to take effect November
1, discharged every driver r.i>w In the ser
vice, leaving the field clear for the de
partment appointees.
A big delegation of business men and
taxpayers from the Mission came in to
request a place in the bond election. They
want a two-block park made of that dis
trict bounded by Dolores, Twenty-first,
Twenty-second and Churcn streets, and
want the money raised In the same way
that panhandle funds are to be realized.
They brought a resolution, placing their
project with the panhandle scheme, as a
matter to be settled and provided for in
the bond election, and there being no
word In opposition when Supervisor
Lackmann moved that their request be
granted, the Mission Park was included
in the issue. It is figured that the land in
volved will not cost over $300,000, and an
appraisement will be ordered next week.
Baterr.an Eras, were granted another
week in which to complete the Hall of
Justice, and upon motion of Lackmann the
position of Inspector of City and County
Supplies was created, the salary to be $1-5 j
per month. . '-..- - - —
Gas Inspector Tupper's report showed
that he had done away with 23S more
street lamps, which added to the eighty
two of last week will result In a monthly
saving of $SOO.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
Tho following petitions were received and re
ferred to the Street Committee:
City Street Improvement '.'ompany, for a re
lease" from the contract for paving the using
cf Chestnut and Leavenworth streets; Herbert
E. Law. requesllne permission for Carl Rossi
to dump ashes end filling, other than garbage,
on property on north line '.f Lombard street,
between Broderick and Scott; E. I3arr.-tt, ask
ing for four months' time to construct a
cement sidewalk in front of premises south
west corner of Central avenue and Oak street;
THE SAIN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10. 1899.
of shoes. Then they bought two knives
with long blades and a nickel-plated
watch and chain. They were afraid to
go into a restaurant so they bought
a large supply of peanuts to keep them
from starving. Willie also bought a
necktie.
When Mrs. Nicklet searched her
dress yesterday morning she discov
ered the loss of her purse and as Willie
had not been home all night and hav
ing been sent at one time to the Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society she came to the
conclusion that be was the thief. She
communicated with Walsh's parents
and found that he also had not been
home ail night. Mrs. Nicklet hurried
to Judge Conlan' => court and secured a
property owners, for the laying of sidewalks
on the northwest southwest corners of
Hayes and Scott streets; Standard Oil Com
pany, asking permission to grade in front of
its property on Sixteenth street, between Hub
bell aid Eighth; property owners, for permis
sion to grade In front of their property on
Eighth Etreet, between Division and Hubbell
streets.
PROTESTS RECEIVED.
The following protests were received and re
ferred:
Maria Fallon, against appraisement of and
valuation placed by the board of appraisers
for the extension of the park panhandle on
lot en the south side of Fell street, fifty-five
feet east of Laguna; property owners, against
the construct of a sewer In and the raising
of the grade of -rear street, between Market
and Mission streets; property owners, against
bituminizing of crossing of Shrader and Waller
streets: property owners, against, bituminizing
and curbing of Shrader street, between Waller
and :: tight; property owners, against the con
struction of a sewer in Shrader street, be-
tween Haight and Waller; William E. Dubois,
against the construction of artificial stone
sidewalks in front of his premises on Market
street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth streets;
property owners, against artificial stone side
walks on Ninth street, between Harris I and
Bryant: C. Masoero. against laying of new
sidewalks on easterly side of Sumn->r street,
100 feet, commencing at the southeasterly cor
ner of Howard street: property owners, against
construction of artificial stone sidewalks on
Market street, between Fifteenth a: . Six
teenth.
RESOLUTIONS OP INTENTION".
j Resolutions were adopted declaring Intention
I to perform the following street work;
Twelve-Inch sewer In easterly portion of the
crossing of California street and Twenty-first
I avenue, fourteen- inch sewer in westerly por-
I tion and eight-inch sewers In northerly and
i southerly portions with cesspools, culverts,
manholes, etc., with granite curbs and plank
sidewr.lks on the four angular corners; fcur
teen-inch sewer, etc., in California street, be
j tween Twenty-first and Twenty-second ave
nues; bitumen pavement on westerly half of
the r. adway ot westerly half cf crossing of
Fourteenth. Church and Market streets; gran
ite curbs on Treat avenue, between Twenty
fourth an.i Twenty-fifth streets, on Wlldey ave
i nue. between Webster and Fillmore streets, and
1 or. Twenty-fifth street, between San Jose ave
nue and * Guerrero street: cesspool, culvert,
granite curbs and an artificial stone sidewalk
on northwesterly corner of Army street and
San Bruno avenue: twelve-inch tew»r, with
manhole, etc.. In San Bruno avenue between
j Mari[>osa and Eighteenth streets; granite curbs
i on Vincent street, between Gr-en and t'r.ion.
j read - ' thereof to be paved with bitumen.
RESOLUTIONS ORDERING.
Resolutions ordering the performance or th*
□Ilowlng street work were adopted:
Artificial stone sidewalks, on southwesterly
!n<* of Boardman place, between Brannan
treet and Fargo plnre: same, on northwesterly
me of Brannan Mreet. between Boardman
lace and Oiibert street: eleht-lneh sewer with
wo mar.-. In I'uvier street, between Bos
rorth and the Southern T'aciflo right of way:
ighi-.ncn sewer in northerly portion of crusti
ng of Cuvier and Bos-worth streets: ten-inch
ewer In easterly portion and twelve-inch sewer
n southerly and westerly portion? of said
rcssing, with cesspools, culverts and a man
tole in center; twelve-Inch sewer with two
r.anholea and covers, in Cuvier street, from
ioaworth to a point distant 244 feet southerly,
md a fourteen-inch sewer in Carter street.
Continued on Thirteenth Page.
CAPTAIN MEYES DEFEATED.
His Wife Secures a Divorce on the
Ground of Desertion.
Captain Louis Meyer, formerly of the
steamer Willamette but now on the list
of pilots, has met defeat In his attempt
to secure a divorce from his wife Ma
tilda, on the ground of cruelty. The suit
was heard yesterday by Judge- Murasky
and Mrs. Meyer was granted a decree
from her husband on the ground of will
ful desertion.
In his complaint Mr. Meyer claimed
that his wife made his life miserable by
criticizing his persona! habits, which
caused him untold mental distress. in
the other hand, Mrs. Meyer set forth that
her husband deserted her in IS3O. and that
JFL, Vigor Wioyi Drugs.
fj\ ! 1\ \ It Is a mistake to think that drugs will build up broken-
/ / Jr\jfjf>.\ -> k ' \ down nerves and organs. You must give back to the body
( /[ " fe^. \ what it has lost. That is not found In drugs, which are only
s^^Z stimulative like liquor to man or the spur to the horse. The
.2*f§|-|\^^ Jja *^ real strength of the nerves and vital organs is Electricity.
St |L^^ca^^^qaa^iaV-" 1 have cured thousands of weak, puny, broken-down men
~~^rp2z' in the twenty years I have applied my
:'s ; v vr; -- ' ■ ''yy^y-'.- : : :y.:--y J^y^> : :r- ■
Dr. McLaughlin Belt.
Every one had spent from SI.OO to $500 on drugs before coming to me as a
last resort.
Are you a weak man ? Have you Varicocele, Lost Vitality, Nervousness, Rheuma-
tism or Kidney Trouble?
__ - r 416 Turner Street. San Francisco. Sept, I*s. 1899.
DR. M. A. McLAUGIILIN— Dear Sir: Your treatment has been of immense value to me. Advanced in years as I
am, I never expected such results; but your famous Pelt has done for me what doctors and drugs had never done.
Thanking you for the benefits received, lam, yours truly, s /.: MICHAEL HANLEY.
I can give you the blessing of health and vigor. My Electric Belt is worn while
you sleep. It gives a genial warmth to your body which is life. The disks of my im-
proved battery do not BLISTER THE SKIN like those of other belts, and my new regu-
lator completely controls the voltage. Call or send for my new book, free. This illus-
trates the method, and is very Interesting reading. •
RD II I Mr! AllfiHl IN 702 Market, Cor. Kearny, O « !^"onr„-s..m. to 8:30 p.™.
11l iff! H IVIi: £1111111 ill S.F.. and Burdlck Block. Sundays. 10 t. 1.
Mill |ff|| 111 IISULiIIUUIILiIII] Cor. Spring and Second, Los Angeles. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
warrant for the arrest of her son on v
the charge of petty larceny. Mean- -*
time Walsh's brothers had gone out In A
the search for Frank and about 2 L
o'clock yesterday afternoon Joe Walsh 7
saw the two boys at Mission and Third Q
streets, lie grabbed hold of them and -*
handed them over to Policeman Mor- A
rissey, who sent them to the prison in V
the patrol wagon. All the articles 7
they had purchased were found on 0
them. Walsh had $3 66 and Nicklet *
$2 75. They told, Policeman McGrayan, A
who took them to the prison In the V
wagon, that they were to go out to ■*
the Presidio at nights and hold up X
soldiers who had money and they were V
not at all appalled by the magnitude of ■%
the job. A
hence she was titled to a decre grant
Ing her absolute divorce and suitable ali
mony. The court accepted her proofs
discredited those produced by Captaii
Mever and made an order as above stared
ST. BRENDAN'S FAIR
IS DRAWING CROWDS
Company H of the I,eague of the Cross
Cadets attended St. Brendan's Fair last
night in a body. A special entertainment
was given in their honor and as on other
nights the hall was crowded. The bazaar
gives every Indication of being a success.
The Blarney stone, which is an adjunct to
the Sacred Heart booth, is being steadily
worn out. Thousands of kisses have been
imprinted on the piece of rock, which was
tuken from the famous castle. But for
the fact that the fair Is n-arlng a close
Its managers would send for a larger
piece.
St. Patrick's booth will entertain visit
ors to-night. The ladies connected with
that pretty booth have Issued invitations
to their friends and a large attendance
is anticipated. A Cakewalk will be a fea
ture. The booth is in barge of Mrs. sig
gins. She is assisted by Mrs. Hennessey,
Mrs. Furlong and the Misses Sears, Me-
Gullvy, Furlong, Hbgan and Galvin.
Railroad Commission Meets.
The Railroad Ccmmtsslon held its reg
ular monthly meeting yesterday, and
though a number of papers were read
there was little done reside from the reg
ular routine business. The Oakland Meat
Company, through its president, with
drew Its contention that the Southern
Pacific Company should carry its wagons
on the ferry free of charge.
A complaint was read from S. 1.. Mc-
Naughton protesting against a rate of SI
cents per hundred pounds on fruit from
Marysville to Ager. when the rate from
Ashland, Or., the next farthest point, was
only 40 cents. J. (' Stubbs, In reply, sub
mitted a flat making the rate 40 cents
from Ashland and all intermediate points
in California. This did away with the sub
ject for complaint and gave Mr. Mc-
Naughton what he asked for.
Children! note the result of beautifying'
common things; an object lesson in
"Keith's" window, 80s Market street, Phe
lan building. v' • -
Dreaded the Almshouse.
T. Lagerty, an Knglish soldier, 2S years
of age, was picked up last night by officer
Cavanaugh at the corner of Clay and
Kearny streets In a serious condition from
the effects of consumption, and is now
dying at the Receiving Hospital. Lagerty
recently made his escape from the City
and County Hospital, where he was under
treatment. He had heard that there were
terrors in almshouse treatment, and when
It was suggested that he should be taken
from the hospital to the home of the indi
gent he made his escape into the
street while suffering severely, rather
than submit to the transfer.
Candidates, have your cloth banners and
all printing done by first hands. Sterett
Poster Printing Co.. 933 Market street. *
Stabbed by an Unknown Man.
Frank Patton, a well-known resident of
North Beach, was stabbed last Saturday
by an unknown man. From the fact that
a hat belonging to a member of Battery
I of some artillery company was picked
up on the scene of the stabbing it i- be
lieved that the assailant was a soldier.
Patton. who lives at 2550 Filbert street, is
recovering, and persistently refuses to as
sist in prosecuting his assailant.
Ladles' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 231 Post at. ''.V' :
CAMPAIGN IS
OPENING ON
PARTY LINES
Phelan's Utterances
on the Question.
— • — _
METROPOLITAN HALL SPEECH
m
RECORD PRESERVED EOR SPE
CIAL USE AT THIS TIME.
: •
On August 4 of This Year the
Mayor Was a Red-Hot
Democratic Parti
san.
The Democrats are alarmed at the sug- j
gestion that party lilies should be drawn
in this municipal campaign. A subsidized
evening journal ls making a ridiculous
show of Itself In demanding that Repub
licans should support Mayor Phelan. The
Mayor himself is so Indignant that he de
nounces Horace Davis as a traitor to the
charter for encouraging Republicans to
maintain party lines in this contest.
Voters of San Francisco— Republicans
as well as Democrats— remember that
there was a big mass-meeting at Metro
politan Hall on the evening of August 4—
four days prior to the primary election-
Mayor Phelan' Was advertised to speak
and The Call fancied that it would be a :
good plan to have an accomplished sten
ographer take down word for word every
thing that the voluble young statesman
might utter on that occasion. A record I
ls something that ought to be kept. and
a newspaper office is a good place to keep
It. Having kept the record. The Call is
In position to show positively that Mayor
Phelan is the man who established party
lines In this municipal campaign, and his
evening paper may apologize for him as
it gets ready, if he does not anticipate
the amend and apologize for himself. In
the course of his speech at Metropolitan
Hall Mayor Phelan said:
"The Democrats have set the pace In
this town to build it up and make it what
it should be. They have given the policy
to the city. We went to Sacramento, you
remember, in order to get party control."
» • « » * » *
"Whatever may have been the faults of
the Committee of One Hundred, I have a
very great affection for it, because, while
it did not represent all the districts of the
city it was composed of men who tried to
do right and whose acts were in part in
dorsed by the people of this city; and
they gave us that policy and that plat
form. But now there Is no way of going,
even If we desired to do so, to the htate
Central Committee or to the Sacramento
convention and asking for authority to
sneak in the name of the Democratic
party. We have to go to the polls, and
we have to get control of the conven
tion.
"We have to get control of the con
vention, I say — control is a very
harsh word — in the interest of good .
government and decency; not that *
any man should have control to con
fer favors on his friends, but control
in order that that policy may be per
petuated and the Democratic party
made the instrument and the agency
of good government in San Fran
cisco.
• •••••*
"Now. that ballot law adopted by
the last Legislature magnifies enor
mously the. importance of party con- ]
ventions. We all have to be party
men now. We have to carry out re- j
forms within the party. We all have
to be party politicians; we can't be
independent and go before the people
and say we will do thus and so. We
have to get behind the party and
make it the instrument and the
agency of our work."
The alarm In Democratic political circles
Is caused by a close analysis of the vote
by which Mayor Phelan defeated Charles
L. Patton for Mayor. Trie analysis shows
that if the regularly accredited Repub
lican precincts had given Mr. Patton the
party vote PI • ail would have been de
feated. The present . signs point to the
conclusion that Horace Davis will get the
full Republican vote of every precinct in
San Francisco.
Since the last election Phelan has pub
licly proclaimed: "WE ALL HAVE TO
BE PARTY POLITICIANS: WE CAN'T
BE INDEPENDENT AND GO BEFORE
THE PEOPLE AND SAY WE WILL
DO TH("S AND SO. WE HAVE TO GET
BEHIND THE PARTY."
Horace Davis is .-lean, capable and true.
Under his leadership the Republican party
can be the instrument and agency of good
government in San Francisco.
Jasper McDonald, chairman of the
Demo- committee, has not complet
ed the selection of forty members at
large of the Democratic County Commit
tee. He may announce the names to
morrow.
KOSTER DECLINES.
Pressure of Business Affairs Causes
His Refusal.
John L. Koster, who was nominated for
Supervisor by the Republican convention,
sent a communication yesterday to Chair
man Kellogg In which he stated that on
account of the pressure of his private
business affairs it would be necessary tor
him to decline the nomination. While
In full sympathy, with the ticket as nom
inated and with the principles incorporat
ed in the platform as adopted, Mr. Kos
ter stated that it was with deep regret
that he was obliged to take the step.
In discussing the declination at his res
idence last night Mr. Koster said:
"I have declined the nomination with
which the Republican convention honored
me simply and solely because my private
business will not allow me to devote the
necessary time to the duties of the office
should I be elected to it. I have exten
sive ranching interests near San Jose and
at other points in the southern part of
the State and I am obliged to visit them
constantly, often finding it necessary to
spend weeks at a time in adjusting diffi
culties that continually arise.
"In fact, it was while I was away on
one of these trips that my name was
placed on the ticket. It was done with
out my knowledge and I am sorry that
circumstances are such that I must de
cline a nomination which I consider a
high honor and one not to be despised.
That is all there Is to my declination.
"I understand that rumors were cur
rent on the street yesterday that I had
declined because I was not in accord w...i
the principles of the Republican party or
some of its nominees. I wish to deny
this in emphatic terms. I am anxious
for the complete success of the Republi
can ticket as nominated and will work as
hard In its behalf as my limited time will
permit. Horace Davis I regard as the
highest type of manhood and believe he
has the confidence and respect of this
community. He is worthily entitled to
the suffrages of all good citizens and I
am sure he will make a Mayor of whom
we can all feel proud. I regard the tick
et as being first-class in every Individual
particular and shall certainly give it ray
undivided support."
An effort will be made to-day by a com
mittee to induce Mr. Koster to alter his
determination and it is expected that he
may yet do so. When asked last night
whether ho would comply with a request,
to withdraw his declination Mr. Koster
said:
"While I would appreciate such a re
quest as a great honor, still I must reit
erate my former statement, namely, that
I am unable to give the time which I
consider a public official should conscien
tiously devote to the proper fulfillment of
the duties for which he has been chosen.
If I had rhe time I would gladly make an
active canvass for the office."
HORACE DAVIS INDORSED.
South Park Improvement Club to
Carefully Scan Supervisorial
Candidates.
Only such candidates as have been nom
inated for the office of Supervisors as may
he found to go through the crucial test
of the members of the South Park
Improvement Club mi receive the
votes of that organization. At a
meeting held last night at 930 Howard
street, over which M. J. Mcßride pre
sided, a motion was made by E. Barry
that a committee of five be appointed to
cull from the nominees such material as
may be suitable to the beat Interests of
the city and its taxpayers. This commit
tee consists of E. Barry, J. Barnes, S. H.
Williams, P. F. Benson and J. Kennedy,
with Chairman Mcßride added.
Chairman Mcßride spoke at consider
able length on th.- ability of Horace 'avis
for the office of Mayor, and added what
Mr. Davis had done for San Francisco
while in Congress regarding the exclusion
of the Chinese from the United Slates.
He said he was one of the vice presidents
at a meeting in Piatt's Hall over which
the late W. C. Coleman had presided, at
the time of the anti-Chinese agitation in
this city.
Filipinos to Return.
The sixty-eight Filipinos admitted here
to exhibit at the Mechanics' Fair have :
been ordered deported by the next trans
port that sails for Manila. The fair closed
last Saturday night, and as no bond had
been received by the local Commissioner i
of Immigration, Commissioner General
Powderly has ordered their immediate de
portation. He has requested General
Shatter to send them back by the first
transport that sails for the Philippines. ,
A Happy Meeting.
Mr. Jones of Nevada and Mr. Potter of Texas
met over a brace of ducks at Zinkand'a last
Saturday evening. *
Kelley on the Gridiron.
BERKELEY, Oct. 9.— Kelley of Prince
ton, who is to assist Garret Cochran in
coaching the University of California
football team this season, made his first
appearance on the university football field
at the regular practice this afternoon.
Kelley is one of Princeton's star half
backs. He will give his attention almost
exclusively to th. men who are playing
in that position for Berkeley.
Training Begun at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 9.—
Manager Berry started the training table
for the footbafl men to-day in the Stan
ford University; where they will be un
der the personal care of Trainer Mur
phy. The men who have been put In the
training quarters so far are: Hayuen,
Graves, Tralger, Dole, Bentley, Rice,
McFadden, Murphy. G. Parker, P. Par
ker, Rudolph and Allan.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladies and children
like the delicious nat-
ural flavor of
Wielands
Extra Pale
It is mildly stimulat-
ing to the appetite
though never causing
biliousness, for it is a
perfectly "ripe" pro-
duct of malt and
hops. It is an aid to
digestion. Quarts, pints, half -pta.
Your grocer or telephone West 144.
California Bottling Ct>.
1407-17 Eddy SL
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Great Verdi Birthday Celebration!
Scenes From "Alda," "Othello," "Trovatore," i
"Attlla," and orchestra! Numbers.
All the Favorite Singers Will Appear!
The Superb Melodious Opera,
"SATANELLA."
Wednesday. Friday Nights and Saturday Mat.
■-"" .
Verdi's Tragic Opera.
"ERNANI"
Thursday, Saturday, Sunday Evenings.
POPULAR PRICES AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats— Bush *
. ;
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899- CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, Sep.
tember 23, 1338.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:11 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. L 1:30, 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connectlni
with trains stopping a* the entrance i.> th»
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound"
Alt trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala- ;
meda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway. Oakland.
These electric cars go direct to the track In fif-
teen minutes. ,
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:13 and
4:46 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR. President.
R. B. MILROT. Secretary.
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
IMPERFECT DRAINS.
Care Should Be Taken That the Im-
purities Be Properly Carried Off.
Every one knows of the fatal results
I which follow the stoppage of the drains
j in a house.
Queen Victoria's husband, the Prince
Consort, died from poisonous germs.
; which were generated in the palace by
| the stoppage of the drains.
The kidneys, among their many
j other functions, act as drains to the
i body. Through them the blood passes
', to be purified, leaving behind a mass
j of effete matter, which it is their duty
j to eject from the system.
"When, however, the kidneys become
i congested and all clogged up, this ref-
i use matter accumulates and becomes
| an active poison, and in the course of
time infects ; the whole man, and event-
ually, if the cause is not removed, it
occasions sudden death, the patient
I drowning, as it were, in his own secre-
| tions.
The symptoms which nature puts
forth like danger signals to tell us that
the kidneys no longer do their duty are
; too numerous to set forth.
Nearly always women's peculiar ail-
ments in their more aggravated and
protracted forms are traceable to this
i source, and rheumatism, in all its va-
j ried phases; while pneumonia and
] Bright's disease are but the culmina-
! tion of an organic trouble, which, had
|it been treated organically and not
| symptomatically, could not possibly
j have had any such fatal termination.
Coughs and colds, strange as it may
i seem, are oftentimes symptoms of trou-
ble in the kidneys.
What must be done, then, in these
j cases?
It is surely unwj^e to treat symp-
-1 toms, when we can at once heal the
i organ from whence the symptoms rise.
Let us then at once go to the root
i of the trouble and heal the kidneys.
There is a remedy, known all the
j world over, that will strengthen them,
so that they can perform their func-
tions; feeding them and cleansing them
: in such a marvelous manner that the
patient immediately feels the good
: work that is going oh, and in a few
; weeks is able to join the ranks of the
many thousands who gratefully ac-
; knowledge that they owe health and
strength, and sometimes life itself, to
; this unfailing remedy, "Warner's Safe
Cure.
I Will Give $1000
tp^O^gj:^ - HI fail tO Core any
! i@ll£#*t§ie«*^ CANCER ortumorl
ffSjU' WWJaBF^" ■-V'Sflv treat before it scat-
<vMm Xesll*"*'*"'' iSSgfek ters or affects the
\sgr **t-*»- nbs or other
1 v J Until Cured.
yd. , % igvjj Until Cured.
I fsr§LZ?^''.' i~" 2 * ears ' experi-
* t***!*«3BA / ence. 1000 cancers
V. "*_SS JJ now in my offices in
V Jrl alcohol. Lady attend-
Jfrv , *#*$*■■ jL ant. Any hard
/ ' sfMAt*. lump anywhere
EgffifflvV,! \\V-vs*^^2^^pssj» is cancer.
p^£^3p|pgii^^JAny lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
i If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE
With symptoms, addresses and testimonials of
thousands cured in California. Write them.
S. R. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ANOTHER ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE
LAST WIGHT.
The Young American Tragedienne,
...NANCE O'NEIL...
Direction of McKee Rankin.
TO-NIGHT— TIME OF
"PEG WOFFINGi ON."
Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday Matinee,
The New "CA.iILLi ."
Friday ar.d Saturday Nights.
-THE JEVVfcSS."
Commencing Sunday Night, October 13 —
LAST WEEK OF NANCE O'NEIL. Monday,
Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nig! and
Saturday Matinee, "Magda." Friday night,
"The School for Scandal." Saturday night,
"Oliver Twist.
Popular Prices — , dc, 50c and 25c.
Matinee, entire ground floor, 50c; Balcony. 25c.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
WARMER THAN THE WEATHER.
Read What I 1 — 1 And The
The 09 tfX «?P £4 B laughter
Chronicle H^Y^fcfe
"In Spite Produced
Of The f^ ok €*¥ A d
"he %Aj9^gsW y
Columbia ■%^ ■ rf" ■ ! agrees
eater I Higher
Was r^3 + ir*\ *, '*r , Temperature
flT* I H ls>W " ■ ;in
Last I %~7 mm y 2 The
Night i ■■ ■- ■■■ —- Outside."
From the Herald Square Theater, N. T.
EDDIE FOY. JOS IE DE WITT. PHIL H.
RYEEV. BERTIE FOWLER AND
OTHER BIG HITS IN THE
CAST.
Special Farce Comedy Prices,
*1. 75c, SOc. 25c.
ALCAZAR_THEATER.
A SPONTANEOUS RECEPTION TO
ffl^CT^^Sl \V 1 fcfl ft*
10. PENMAN!
Elegant Scenery and Stage Effects.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
NEXT WEEK— "A MASKED BALL."
Best Vaudeville Show Ever Brought to the
Pacific Coast.
ENTIRELY NEW.
DIRECT FROM EUROPE.
FLORENZ TROUPE,
6— FAMOUS ACROBATS— «
HOWARD'S PONTES, Dogs and Monkeys,
the greatest novelty ever seen in America; Le
Page Sisters, LitUe Elsie, Hawaiian Queens
and a number of others, ail of them distinct
hits.
Reserved teats. 2."c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and box seats. 50e.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 332.
THE DAINTIEST. MOST DELIGHTFUL AND
MOST SUCCESSFUL PERFORMANCE IN
THE CITY. ALL THIS WEEK
Beautiful, aostly and unique production of
Lecocq's sparkling comic opera,
Girofle-GiroHa
USUAL POPULAR PRICES— IO, 15. 25, 35 and
50 cents.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
78
VANDERBLLT DID
NOT STOP LONG
IN THIS CITY
In From the Orient
and Off Again.
— ♦ —
ARRIVED ON THE PEKING
«
TRANSFERRED TO A TUG BE
FORE SHE DOCKED.
r*
Is Now Flying to New York, Where
the Will of His Dead Father
Will Be Opened, and
Read.
Alfred Gwynne Vanderbllt, younger
Eon of *.he late Cornelius Vanderbllt,
stopped on his tour around the world by
the news of the death of his father, ar
rived In San Francisco harbor yesterday
afternoon on board the steamer City of
P«klng. Almost before the quarantine
and customs officers had completed their
duties and before the vessel had reached
h«»r dock the young heir to most of his
father's millions was whisked on to a
tug by waiting friends, carried across the
bay to the Oakland mole, conducted into
a palatial special car and guarded from
•intrusion until he was started eastward
at the end of the overland.
Scenes attending the arrival were beau
tiful to behold. The lever of the Vander
.bilt millions worked wonders. Quaran
i tine doctors got a special "move on;"
•customs inspectors skimmed over the
baggage of the youthful millionaire as
a swallow skims a roof on a rainy day;
Pacific Mall representatives kowtowed
: and hustled for the benefit of the young
Vanderbllt. The souls of all threedoc
itors, inspectors and steamship officials —
were consumed with one fear. They ex
pected any moment to Bee a battalion of
.'press representatives climb the rails of
the steamer, capture their valuable pas
| senger and hold him up for the story of
his trip. All their efforts were directed to
the forestalling of such an attempt and
.it succeeded. Young Vanderbllt got off
without ever saying as mucfi as "How
de-do" to a reporter.
The Peking was sighted about noon and
arrived in the harbor shortly after 1
o'clock. She was met off Alcatraz by the
quarantine officers and customs inspect
ors. A number of newspaper craft soon
gathered about the vessel, but the orders
were strict and even when the doctors
had given the ship a clear bill of health
the reporters were kept off -with the ex
cuse that the boarding officer had missed
connections. The Peking got up steam
again and about 8 o'clock was hove to
at the Mail dock.
The party that has been so anxiously '
awaiting the arrival of young Vanderbilt
■steamed up at this time on the tug Mil
ler Griffith. It consisted of Thomas Sa
'bine MeLane, who had come out from
•New York to meet the youthful million- j
aire; R. P. Schwerin, manager of the ;
■ Pacific Mall Steamship Company and (
Carlton C. Crane, agent on this coast
of the Vanderbllt lines. The three got
up the ladder in no time, eager to greet
the young traveler. -The moment they
reached the main deck they looked about
expecting to see him, but he was not
in sight. They started out in different
directions to search, but after three min
utes met amidships unsuccessful.
The chase was beginning to be exciting
and there Is no telling what might have
happened had not Vanderbilt's valet ap
eared on the scene and recognized Me-
Lane. "Under his guidance the reception
party was conducted to the lower deck,
where Vanderbllt was found perched on
his pile of trunks. After a greeting from
MeLane and Introductions to the others
the young millionaire was quickly con
ducted to another ladder, down which he :
went into the cabin of the tug, where he
remained Invisible all the time the others
supervised the transfer of his half-dozen
trunks and the valet. Then the Milieu
Griffith was headed for Oakland mole
without one of the large crowd on the
dock having had an opportunity of even :
seeing an eyelash of the beardless mil- j
lionaire.
At the Oakland mole Vanderbllt and
those accompanying him were ensconced
in a special car and carefully guarded
from intrusion. The car was coupled to
. the overland train and went out at 6 i
o'clock, MeLane accompanying the young
heir.
As fast as steam will carry him young
Vanderbllt will Journey to New York,
where the will of his dead father will be
opened. Under its provisions, it is re
. ported, he will be the principal heir, to
: the partial exclusion of his elder brother,
Cornelius, whose marriage to .Miss Wil
son estranged him from his father.
Alfred O. Vanderbllt also had a love
affair, which, as near as can be Judged
from appearances, did not suit the elder
Vanderbilt in all particulars. The young
woman in the case is Miss Elsie French,
daughter of the late Francis Osmond
French, who made a large fortune in the
hotel business in New York. Young Van
derbllt, who ls little more than twenty
one years of age, met and fell In love with
Miss French (Turing his college career at
Yale. He wanted to marry her immedi
ately after taking his degree, but his
father objected on account of his extreme
youth and persuaded him to delay his
marriage until after his tour around the
globe. The young lover left New Fork
July 20, for Vancouver, in company with
Douglas Cochrane, William P. Burden
and Ernest Iselin, and took passage for
Japan. He received news of his father's
death in Japan and took the City of
Peking for San Francisco.
Captain and passengers on the ship
speak 'admiringly of the young million
aire. They say he was democratic to a
degree and merged freely with his ship
mates. : . ?■• 7
Dr. George I. Drucker, dentist, has re
turned and will resume practice at 1170
Market street. •
Suicide and Natural Causes.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— The Coroner's Jury,
at the inquest on the death of Levi
Samuels, held to-night, found that death
was due to carbolic poison, taken while
deceased was suffering from melancholia.
The death of Frederick Allen Poor, sec
retary of the State of Maine Society, who
dropped dead last Saturday, was found
to have been due to dilation of the heart,
complicated with fatty degeneration.
A Teamster's Death.
OAKLAND, Oot. 9.— lsaac W. Skinner,
a teamster, aged 70 years, died suddenly
in his room at the Arcade House, 82 San
Pablo avenue, early this evening. He
had complained of ill health yesterday
and remained locked up in his room to
day. His moans this afternoon attracted
the landlady's attention and Dr. Lilly was
sent for, but the latter's services proved
useless. An inquest will be held to-mor
row night. Deceased was a native of
New York State.
Chick and Malony Resign
BERKELEY, Oct. Guy Chick to
night tendered his resignation as Super
intendent of Streets, and the same was
promptly accepted by the Town Trustees.
He Intends to engage in the engineering
business. Town Trustee Malony tendered
his resignation, which was also accepted,
and he was at once appointed to succeed
Chick. Thomas Dowd of West Berkeley
was then appointed to fill the vacancy In
the board caused by the retirement of
Malony.
NO INQUEST.
Coroner Hill Dispenses With a Jury
and Renders a Verdict All by
Himself.
Coroner Hill announced yesterday that
he would not hold an Inquest in the case
of the young Mexican woman, Refugio
Batiz, who was found dead in bed last
Saturday morning at 143915 Washington
street. The Coroner took the statements,
not under oath, of the girl's relatives and
others in the house, to the effect that she
had accidentally turned on the pass in
her room after having turned it out and
was accidentally asphyxiated.
The circumstances that the gas fixtures
were in perfect order, that the girl had
turned them off and on for several months
without accident, and that she was to
have left for Mexico on the day on which
she was discovered dead, had evidently
convinced the Coroner that her death was
VANDERBILT AND HIS FIANCEE.
due to accident, so palpably that an in
quest would be a waste of time— this
case in particular.
PHELAN ASKS GRAND
JURY TO INVESTIGATE
REFERS HOSPITAL AFFAIRS TO
THAT BODY.
Charges Board of Supervisors With
Jobbery and Makes Other Seri
ous Allegations.
In a letter to the Grand Jury apropos
of the deplorable state of affairs at the
City and County Hospital and the pest
house, Mayor Phelan yesterday made di
rect charges of Jobbery against the Board
of Supervisors, and, by inference, made
accusations of even a more serious nature.
The contractors have dally urged some
plan whereby their claims might be paid
and fresh supplies provided the starving
inmates of the county's medical institu
tion. . Chairman Perrault of the Finance
Committee was willing. to pay their back
claims, but declined to allow any expendi
ture in excess of the one-twelfth act, or
that would result in a deficit in any of
the funds over which ho exercised juris
diction.
With a mob of hungry contractors and
another of hungry patients to hear from
each day, the matter became unpleasant,
to say the least, and yesterday the Mayor
unloaded It on the Grand Jury in the fol
lowing letter:
To the Honorable, the Grand Jury of the
City and County^ of San Francisco—Gentle
men: I desire, In pursuance of my duty under
the consolidation act, to call your attention to
the mismanagement of the City and County
Hospital, by which deficits have been created
in it.-* funds, causing suffering to the patients
and injury to the reputation of the city.
In the fiscal year of 1898-9. (90,000 was ap
propriated for the hospital and JSOOO for re
pairs. This fiscal year $90,000 has been appro
priated for the hospital and $5000 for repairs.
Ninety thousand dollars Is all the law allows
the Board of Supervisors to appropriate for
tho maintenance of the hospital. In addition
we have appropriated $5500 for the smallpox
hospital for this year. The only tax levy which
baa any legal validity is tho tax levy adopted
by the Supervisors on the third Monday of
September, but In order to guide th. Auditor,
on August 7, 1599. the Supervisors passed a res
olution (3076) fixing the limit of expenditure,
which they subsequently altered as to the item
of repairs In finally making the levy. In that
resolution $90,000 was also estimated for the
maintenance of tho hospital, but $23,210 was
allowed for repairs.
Now, under no circumstances could the Hos
pital Committee of the Board of Supervisors
under the provisions of the one-twelfth act ex
pend more than $7500 each month for the main
tenance of the hospital, which, if prudently
employed, is, as your Investigation will no
doubt show, amply sufficient for Its purpose.
For the months of July, August and September
of this fiscal year the Supervisors, through
their Hospital Committee, have exceeded the
limit and violated the law. I therefore ask .an
Investigation on your part In order to fix the
responsibility for such violation and for the
extravagant prices, amounting to Jobbery, paid
for non-contract supplies. The Board of Su
pervisors is responsible for the supplies and
repairs and the Board of Health for the em
ployes. As there Is one employe for every
three patients. I am convinced that the number
Ib excessive and should be reduced.
I Inclose to you a list of gentlemen who no
doubt will aid you by testifying at your In
vestigation. Respectfully,
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
■ » ■
' America's locomotives cost J50.000.000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1899.
OVERDUE FLEET
WAS DELAYED BY
HEAVY WEATHER
The Pennsylvania and
Peking in Port.
AMERICA MARU ALSO ARRIVES
• * . .
PUT BACK TO YOKOHAMA BE
CAUSE OF FIRE.
Captain Cope Suspended for Three
Months and Chief Engineer
Seaver Censured by a
Japanese Court.
Four big steamers came In through the
fog that hung over the Golden Gate yes
terday. They were the Oiympia that
comes here to be used as a transport, the
Toyo Kisen Kalsha's America Maru, the
overdue mall steamer City of Peking and <
the anxiously expected Pennsylvania, with
the Washington troops aboard. The
Peking and Pennsylvania met the heavy
weather off the Japanese coast that de
layed the Solace. The first day out of
Yokohama the Peking made 292 knots.
The next day a storm was raging and
only 160 knots were made. The third day
it was blowing a hurricane and the Peking I
made 90 knots. The fourth day she made |
100 knots and the fifth 134 knots. On the !
sixth day the steamer had run out of the i
storm and after that she had fair weather i
until within two days of San Francisco,
when a strong head wind and heavy sea j
were encountered.
The officers of the America Maru had a
great laugh at the expense of the Peking
when that vessel docked. The America
Maru had to put back to Yokohama be
' cause of a fire In her coal bunkers. All
flof her passengers were transferred to the
Peking with the expectation that they
would be in San Francisco several days
before the America Maru arrived. The
Peking sailed eight days before the Amer
ica Maru and got caught In the hurricane
and was delayed at Honolulu. The Amer
ica Maru came straight across from Yo
kohama in twelve days and fifteen hours,
beating the Peking about four hours into
port. :..".;
Captain Cope of the America Maru says
the transport Tartar, with the Kansas
boys aboard, sailed two days ahead of
them and should reach here this morning.
He thinks he passed the Tartar Saturday
night in the fog, but is not sure. In
that event she will undoubtedly reach port
to-day. The story of the Are in the Amer
ica Mam's bunkers was told by Purser
Comfort yesterday. He said:
"We reached Yokohama September 7 and
were detained twenty-four hours owing
to a strong smell of gas coming from the
bunkers. An investigation was made but
tho temperature of the bunkers was low
and we came to the conclusion -that there
was no fir-- and that the gas was due to
the coal- drying. "We. sailed for Honolulu
on the: 10th and on September 13 there
were smoke and a strong smell of burn
ing coal from No. 2 hold. The ship was
stopped. All the ventilators were closed
and the steam fire extinguisher was
turned on. Captain Cope had a consulta
tion with his officers and it was decided
to return to Yokohoma. There was no
excitement among the passengers, as they
had every confidence in the ship's officers.
On our arrival at Yokohama we trans
ferred all our passengers and the Hono
lulu freight to the Peking.
"The fire destroyed very little-cargo, but
tho steam and water did considerable
damage. The bottom of the coal bunker
was burned out, but the coal was only
charred. . The rice, cinnamon, coffee, mat
ting, tea and other merchandise that was
damaged was sold at auction in Yoko
hama. ;;;"..' :.
"Captain Cope and Chief Engineer Sea
ver were tried at Tokio by a Japanese
marine court of inquiry, and the cap
tain's certificate as suspended for three
months. The chief engineer was cen
sured. Both officers have appealed the
case, and they were allowed to come out
on the vessel pending the decision of the
upper court. The ship has been restored
to her rating by Lloyd's, and she is now
as good as the day she was launched."
The transport Pennsylvania was thirty
four days coming from Manila via Toko
■: s ■ * - ■'..■.....-■...,-.. .. . .■ .- . .,-.
!★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★*★★★★★★★★★★★★★*★★★★★★★«
f~\ R.PTUR£CURED. I
2' &f>& WOES. When we ear "Rupture Cured" we mean It, J
&»_<.' __? V"*?* '-' tor Jt ,9 * fact that thousands of cures have J
•Vi -'* '■"• "L* Vs3 Renowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during World- *
V • __*-°-J__l_J-# lienowned ELECTRIC TRUSS during the paßt Jf
& *9SBF twenty-five years. There Is nothing else Ilka »
- ■1 *^<*°jlßl_f . st m « th! It does the work! Have received if
/■%•>«- JfiLjZ^'uMtf '£S. 1° S an 7 letters lik e the following that we *
_-S%£svir iii S >5^M hardly know what to do with them all: J
lf^St^»^3__-_^llr • CURED IN" 5 MONTHS!- J
*^*^^^S____^i_Hii^tL v 1532 SchJller Street. Alameda CaL, . £
R\WM^i»_^^_MH' "'-''"■ EM. vn - PIERCE: It is with the^rreateat pleas- *
\v\>W\W^_i>Nsß3iK^{^ Dre that * am able to inform you that the *
wW<iNS\?B^;)?x_i__K^i- ' Truss which I obtained from you last March *
\t^^(^»Mm^kmleUmmaff■ ha * eff-cted ft. radical cure in mv case. jf
%»w\W^^7^!fe3fft*yO . Trusting this may be the means of convlnc- if
S^^k^^fVSlSar '".' ing other sufferers that you hare a perma- -)L
* at cure, I remain. Gratefully yours, \ i
L *' H. TOPF-.R. 3,
O^^Clol^t" No^i^^Adcir^M^ 11 *™ C * U ** *** ° ° 8 ° Bend *• ta "tamps ' tor our J
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO., i
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal. 5
r-TTTfTTTTTTTW
hama. She was caught in the same hurri
cane that delayed the Peking, and the sol
diers aboard had a lively time of it. The
Pennsylvania is now lying off Folsom
street wharf, and will dock at high water
this morning. The soldiers will disem
bark about 9:30 a m., and will then march
out to the Presidio.
The pilot boat Grade S and the schooner
Joseph Russ were in collision yesterday
morning. The pilot boat was hove to,
reefing the mainsail, when the Russ came
along, bound for Oiympia and her span
ker boom got foul of the Grade's fore
topmast stay and carried away the fore
and main topmasthead. The Russ was
not damaged.
John Llndholm. a stevedore living at 860
Howard street, fell down the hold of the
bark Harvest yesterday and fractured hl3
skull. He was taken to the Harbor hos
pital, but as the appliances for trepanning
are not kept there he had to be sent out
to the Receiving Hospital to be operated
upon. He is in a very critical condition.
Thomas Riley, John Moore, William
Burns and Edward English, boys whose
ages range from 17 to 20 years, were
charged with burglary at the Harbor Po
lice Station yesterday by Officers Gwinn
and Warren. . They broke into the store of
Chong Steep, 531 Washington street, and
stole some dress patterns.
RAIN IS COMING SOON.
Forecaster McAdie Will Warn the
Raisin Growers.
"I am going to Issue a general rain fore
cast immediately," said Weather Official
McAdie last evening, as he was busy
studying the reports which had been sent
in from all parts of the country.
"I desire to warn the raisin growers
who are at present drying their fruit," he
continued, "that all the atmospheric con
ditions call for rain. I have been criti
cized by a few captious people because I
have predicted rain so early in October,
and, as they say, with a desire on my
part to force the season; but I presume to
know a little more about the subject than
they do. I have been studying the rain
fall of this State covering a period of fifty
years, and I find that the statistics show
that in twenty-eight out of the fifty sea
sons there has been rain far In advance
of this date in October. In fact, this is a
comparatively dry season.
"There la quite a storm coming from
Mexico, with high winds on the northern
side of it. At Eureka It is blowing thirty
two miles from the north; Ked Bluff
twenty-eight miles. Point Reyes sixty,
Sacramento twenty-eight, and San Fran
cisco will in all likelihood have high
winds Tuesday. Rain is falling all over
Washington, Oregon, Idaho, and it is now
snowing at Lander, in Wyoming, where
the temperature is 34.
"In this city it is now 26 degrees cooler
to-day, the thermometer registering 61, as
against 90 at the same time Sunday night,
and it will get colder. There are high
north winds all along the coast. There is
a little hot weather left at San Luis Obis
po, where it Is 94, and Los Angeles, 90.
It is cloudy north of Independence, where
the barometer is 29.43 and still falling.
The storm may go through Nevada, and
If it should reach this coast and meet a
low pressure outside we will certainly get
rain.
"That is why I will hoist the rain sig
nals, as I do not Intend that the fruit
growers shall suffer damage or loss be
cause of lack of warning on my part."
WILL REPORT ON THE
ORIENTAL COMMERCE
COMMISSIONER NEIDEBLEIN'S
INVESTIGATIONS.
Recommends the Establishment in
China of Bureaus Where Infor
mation Can Be Obtained.
Among the distinguished passengers
brought in on the steamer Peking yester
day was Gustave Nelderlein, United
States Commercial Commissioner to tha
Orient.
Mr. Neiderlein is connected with the
Philadelphia Museum of Commerce,
which institution sent him out to the East
some time ago to study and report on the
commercial conditions of those far-away
countries. : " y~. V:
Commissioner Neiderlein made an ex
tensive tour through, the Orient, going
well into the interior of both China and
Japan, and is now on his way back to
Philadelphia to give the museum the ben
efit of his researches.
When seen last evening at the Palace
Hotel, where he is staying, Mr. Neider
lein said: "Yes, 1 have been spending
some time in the Orient and am on my
way back to tell those who sent me what
I think will be of the greatest benefit to
the commerce of this country with these
great nations that rest on the under side
of the world. While I was in the Orient
I made several trips well into the interior
to study the topography of the country
with the view of ascertaining the rela
tive commercial value of tho different
great waterways. What the result of
these trips were is contained in my re
port and is altogether too long to make
any mention of now. Suffice to say I
found both China and Japan, particularly
China, intersected with navigable streams
which will of immense service In help
ing the development of the cities and vil
lages that lie inland away from the
coast.
"When I get home I shall strongly
recommend the establishment of several
bureaus of commercial information at
different points throughout China and
Japan where business can be transacted
and where information of every sort of a
commercial enterprise in which the
United States are interested can be read
ily obtained.
"The Chinese and Japanese are intelli
gent, quick and industrious people, who
are more than willing to advance as rap
idly as possible in a commercial way.
Their greatest difficulty, however, is to
ascertain what really is on the market In
this country and the cost of machinery,
bridges, railways, and, In fact, everything
that tends toward the onward progress of
a nation. This knowledge these bureaus
of information would be able to supply.
"I would establish one at Hongkong to
cover the southern territory, and one at
Shanghai, which would take care of the
north. These .would be the two
principal . • bureaus, but other and
smaller ones could be. opened where
they would do the most V good . as
the occasion for them presents 'it
self. Another thing which would be of
great benefit to this country, and which
would prove of Immense value in • the
transaction of business, would be the es
tablishment of an American bank. We
have none in the Orient at present, and
the want of one is very badly felt in
deed."
Mr. Neiderlein will remain in the city
but a short while, as his .intention Is to
depart as soon as possible for Philadel
phia. ' - "■:
Pansles and husks— Thought and work
produce wondrous results. Atchison
(Kans.) people take notice. "Keith's"
window, 80S Market st., Phelan building. •
A Girl's Rash Attempt.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— After perusing a
letter she had just received from a gen
tleman friend, the contents of which pre
sumably caused her to become melan
choly, Jennie Scott, aged 16 years, swal
lowed half an ounce of croton oil this
evening at her home, 360 Second street,
with suicidal intent. She was promptly
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
Steward chert relieved her suffering
and saved her life.
JITTERY DBA WING.
LIST OF PRIZES.
KENTUCKY LOTTERY
MONTH OF SEPTEMBER, 1899,
Decided by the Drawing of
The Canadian Royal Art Union,
Incorporated by Letters Patent, February
14, 1894.
DRAWN IN PUBLIC
. At 238 and 240 St. James Street, Montreal.
***JSm 't^'tSSi f»- ,T 4s2_]-«* u-Sa 1
'• 1&..1... 8 CTS2. 8 13124 8 18984 — it
ltl—. 8 6838 8 13213. 34)
£80..-.. 8 5891....12 13222 8 14291 II
824 20 • • • 13250 8 19368—20
880 20 7019 8 13387 8 13378 29
. 413 IS 7118. 8 13364 6 19374 —20
4!t2..~ 8 7267 8 13424 8 19848 12
.Z1.....C3 7271 8 12430 12 19801..— 1t .
47(1. ..„.!0 7273 8 13600 8 19884 »
732 8 7291 13 13819.-— 12 19969... 18
817...... 8 7314 8 13390 64
Bit 8 7338..— 12 13801 20 200&4 12
7426 9 13638. 8 20134 8
Ho. 110. 7664— 40 13735 12 20271 18
» 1200 7675 8 13879 12 20424....'.. »
Mil .... 8 7728. 8 2C341 Ml
1231 13 7732. 40 14033— .20 20391 (
1245 12 14040 8 80741..-. 20
1263 11 8042..—20 14087 12
1274— 12 8048— .20 14183... '. 8 21028. — 12
1056..... 8 8130 .12 14191 40 21088 M
1661 40 8199 8 14303 8 21238..— 11
• ■ 8630 18 14400 8 21301 8
2014 M 6739 80 14424 23 21444 8
2083. 8 6849 8 1442S 40 11686. 20
2018..— 60 » 14442.-.. 12 82621 8
2101 8 9063 8 Ko. 14651 21731 8
1119 8 8082. 12 84000 21932 18
J133 8 9112 20 14676 12 ,-!:.:-"
2216 S3 9214 12 14612-. 12 22091 8
/4ft4 8 9218 12 14765 8 22123. 20
249 • 20 9233 ...20 14887 8 28149 8
2403 8 9242 12 «19». — 8
8603 40 9294.-. 6 15006 i 22297 30
3C2J 11 8300. _. 18 15983 8 22407 29
2695... 8 9819 12 15096 8 22497 ... 80
8744 12 9500..— 8 15127 .20 22639 8
1789 .40 9581— .49 15146 ..80 22983..— 11
J-J95 4U ' 9633 12 15202 19|2«799— 20
•797 8 9673 12 15275 8 12888...
8819. 9 9715... . 20 16281 . 12 22938 8
2847... 8 98W-. 8 15313 .. 8 12958 12
3848 .20 15399 .40 22982 12
2865 8 10000 . 8 15432 ... 8
2893.. Si 10006 SO 1587? „20 23160..-.
2820 20; 10031 12 15911-.. I! 23653 18
2922 8 10061 ... . 9 23632. ... 20
2955 8110288 ... 12 18158 _ 6 2.1758... . 8
i 10315. - 12 16193 _. 40 23636... . 8
8051..:.. «0 i 10344 f:loi«i.. .12 23939... 12
3067... 20 10641— 6 16566 12 23996 12
267 20 10546 8 16752 ...10
3346 .... 4') 10699... 12 18833 8 24008 9
3409 . SO 10747 S 16999 8 24200... 8
3481. .. .11l 10814 * 1C935 .... 8 24385 •
5561 —.. 6 10921 8J1C384 8 24869—60
3679 510952.,....12 24615..— 8
3831 ... 29 '.0973 ....12 17020 8 24546 8
3892 8 17081 12 24843... . 8
8920 . 20 11082 .20 17050 SO 24916 40
11183. ... 20 17073 8 24979...- II
4070 ...12 11286... 8 17084 12
4--"fl 8 11524 12 17131 20 84023 »
4629 .. 8 11364 8 11200.. '6 23294.... 8
4'.BJ .40 11426 ... 6 1 11372 . 8 26360. —20
4769 ... 8 11499 .... 40 17373.. 40 24344... 44) ,
4790... 6 12509 8 17374 20 25384. 12
4998 6 11611 40 17393 8 2643? 12
4905 . .12 11746 8 17499.... 20 24608 '8
4920..-.. 8 11915 20 17628... 12 26609.1. 89
17700 . . IS 25707 — 0
•i>s9— ; 12 12035 20 17727— 20 25712 20
.168... . 11 12073..— 8 17816... . SO 25744 12
'.'4l 6 12089— 20 17945 8 25822 ... 20
s' ti._.. 8 12139 12 17952 8 15853. 8
.1070..— 8 12158 8 25934. 8
f.7i,?......20 12247 40 18051 .- 8
/ 12328 . .2" 18083— 20 26068.. 8 .
6021.. -.20 12339— . 6 18092..... 8 2-1221 20
GO4O 60 12460 12 18133 12 26306 20
•i 203 ■■■ 40 12467 8 18178 20 2C702— 8
1216.. 12 12773. — 40 18723 8 "',::
6223 II 12792 8 18746 12 27004 40
■.297 12 12982 8 18767 8 27144 8 -
.1." .... 8 12996—. C0 (8784 ....40 27219 12
M.09.— 8 19823 40 27274../...20
1*42 ..... 8 13000 .... 8 18871 20 27479 SO
■ 6541 .... 8 13102 ...It) 18877 8 Ho. 27628
'-.M.^. I!. 13106 ....40 18983..-. 20 $200
... . ;''
■"» <._<„ ** «*?«! ** ««--'_ ** «-_«*- ■* wS-
-27589 —•. 8 24371.A-. 42024 60 50178 8 37187 12
27631 12 42166 12 40274 8 57214 13
27932.. ..60 34664—. 8 42242 12 40582 12 67217 8
27979 12 34915 8 42244 12 50690 40 57289 18
34963. 8 42562--.. 8 60964 49 57.93 8
26018 6135208 8 42761 _12 5733..:... 8
28176 8:35288 40 42796 8 61008 12 57346 12
Hill .12 33223—. 8 42874 8 51017 8 57384 - 8
28349—12 34311 40 42878 8 41134. 8 57441 20
28442.. . 8136361 40 42944— .12 31196 8 57439.:.... 8
28479 12 36480 9 61219... 8 No. 67491
28641 .. 12 36644 .13 43064T 12 31261 It ttOO
28634 40 35545 8 43261— 20,41304 12:57714 40
28774... . 8 35559 12 43270 11 31343 12:57963 24
28801 8J3664S 8 43423..... 8 51*03....- 0
22513. .-12 35739 20 43502. « 58037.".— 8
23592 8 43752--. 8 61428 12 38100 8
26119 11 91665 8 88156 11
29019 ... 36249 8 44502..... 8 51579 8 58213 8
.29073—40 36307 12 44347—12 51448— 49 6836? 6
-49283, 20 36329 12 44563 20 51698. It 48364.-. It
29339 40 36434 8 4474? 40 61724. — -40 53488 8
29443..— 20 36806. 89 44828 20 417*0 12 58532 8
29466 * 44832 40 517*9 12 08611 20
»9494 40 17054. 8 44903 11 4t«5!_...-.4W 68820— rr 8
29606 8 31067 12 44924 8 51868— 8 68673.— 8
29686.. ... 8 37141..— 61*27.-.. 12 68375. 8
25704 40 37133. 12 44070 8 91989. 10
2:-703— 40 37061 8 45162 8 69022 It
29788 . 8 37620 12 44243 8 42001 ... 8 49124 8
2.831 30 17640..... 6 44274 8 82111 —It 64150 10
29844 .-..20 87883 8 46357 49 62472 8 59296 8
29971— 12 37881—.. 8 44368... 8 02681 40 69485 .....20
. ■ 37803.,.. _» 46416 40 02*00 —99 89601 — . 8 '
30324 12 37871— ..20 44740 8 52616—. 8 4*4*B 10
30374 8 . ''; 458 10. It 41716— .12 49*00 20
30431 60 38038.. .12 52736.,— 6*610 20
J-SJ9 12 388** It 46097. ... 12 62764 8 59779 .20
39081) 8 39106 8 44061. II 69808.—. 8
soma:... 20 38117 .• 8 46223 29 53031 40 4*844— .12
39768.. * 38184.— 1S 46272 .... It 43192 8 59891— _ I
f 38210....:. 8 46388 8 43222 8
31279... 8 38407 10 4-427—12 03262-.... 12 69082 8
31290 8 38444... 12 46448 10 43308 13 89193 20
31480 . 6 36540... .20 46519..— 8 53482 12 6*l6* 4*
31063 .IS 36543 ... 8 46628.. .. 20 63899 12 001917 It
31663.. ■ 8 38591 20 46636 12 60281.—. 8
,31687 12 38499 .... 9 48703 .11 04*40 It 80608 It
31949 .... 12 38641 .... 20 48734 8 04054 .40 60707 20
I 88841.. . .20 44201 8 60802 80
£20(£.. . 8 38862.... 10 47024...... 12 44308— .12 69910 8
32211.. 12 38908 60 47079 .. 12 443*6... .20
13320? . . I) 38932 8 47237 8 64404—'. 6 81107 8
32268 ... 20 47393. . . It 44411 8 61229 8
I*3*9—. 8 39000 It 47402 12 54606 12 61757 8
3264J 40 3*14? 11 47486:.'— 04734 8 61622 9
32666 .... 2* 39168 8 47498. 8 5482* — 9 61953—29
32737... 8 39168 SO 47639 12 54869 ... 8
22778 20 39173 '8147493 6 34675 .. SO 62098 .. II
32660.... .11 39197 12 47606..- . 8 64839..... 8 62334— 11
32868... IS 394.14 20 47610. 12 54940.. .40 62177 II
32916 10 19498 20 47687. 6 62420 IS
31916... SO 39744 . . 12 41796. 8 65113 ID 62532 IS
; . . 39760. IS 47926 -.12 94339 8 62649 ....49
'33093 ...20 39833 . 8 55340 ...12 61583 .. 8
33103 12 39953... .10 48031. 8 35421 _. 8 621.85. .11
33204 12 48089— 9 55<.'.m> 12 63695.— ..12
133237 8 40023. 8 .8111. 30 35714 .20 62805. 49
33418 1140048... 8 48473 12 6.'.«J7 8
33408 .69 40392... 60 18*71 8 55604..-.. 8 63075 8
(33440.. 8 40419... 9 48761. 8 5587 . 10 68208. — . 8
33718 10 40619... 8 46875 8 55*63 6 63344—12
33780.- .90 40662.-.. 12 48884 10 63448 *0
33917 . ... 6 40699... . 6 ' 66*43.— 8 63425.— 8
33923 6 40731.. .40 49057. t 66159 ... 12 63514.. . 8
33949 8 40744.. 12 49080 .... 40 46473 .— 8 63645 8
33969 .. 8 40782..- 8 H0. 49004 666*4. .. 12 63689.... 40
. 40810 9| 3.0 'J0 :565»9 4*63888... 8
9401£.— 8 40814— 60 49329 .20 56619 20 63822...... (
84091 20 49369 . It 64849 8
(14122 . 6 41030 20 49483. ._ 8 56680 SO 64030....- 8
84173— . 40 41076 12 49447 8 46684 (2 64058 12
. b4207 IS 41162 8 43562 . . 8 59699.— 8 64237— ,20
114142.—'.12 41749.. II H*. 41803 49723 8 64*43 8
114464 20 4175'J 12 8600 16748. 8 64392—12
1)4465 8 41790 26 49619... 20 66844 11 64422 8
(34444 8 41792 .12 49877 — IS 64624 8)
54722 20 41968..... 8 49919 8 67062—20 64739..... 8
134813 8 41986 8 49*10..— 6713* 12 0*421— 9
"- iHSrt ■* «__T- ■- -27- •»'wß» ■» *t>"« \
04896 40 71734. 12 78880— -20 8*484 8 9SSBB. »
454927 8 71771 It 86418 It 93442 It
I 71827 8 79110 8 84432 40 93447—. 8
'64045—1* He. 71880 7»1«9.._..1t 86649. 8 93378. 12
•64108—13 MO 79331 8 88735—20 93499 8
'61167 i 71989—11 79385 IS 86780....:. 8 93633 —12
85237—.. 8 79410 20 86775 12 93683 40
65325.. —40 72013. 8 79424. * 86864 40 93717 8
165349 SO 72016 12 79682... 86872 12 93722 8
164363— 12 75927 8 7-5E9. 29 889£8 * 93769 12
65443 20 72072 12 7*992. 13 93391— ..1t
96445 20 72144 It 87047—12
65475 . 8 72177—20 80000 40 87877—20 94038— -.20
65510.. *0 72284 ' 8 80097 8 87123 12 94111—20
65696 12 72319 -8 80191.— 40 87159 _ 8 94300— C0
84702 4U 72331 -It 80432 8 97111—-. 8 94337— 8
65731 40 72491 8 80484 11 87284 80 94448 — -12:
85978. 20 72631 8 80497 29 87300 8 94536—
I 72715 8 80601 .... 8 87089—20 64547—40
46*80 12 72741—.. 8 89869 It 87782— -10 94616—
■ 64343 12 72770 40 87890 12. 94623—8
' 66504 40 72866 8 81021 44 ■•• 94627— '.8
86563— 8 72911 8 81230— 8 88046—41)
■-:'■- ■ 12917 .—2O 91616— 20 88091 ' 8 94387—174*
87133 8 81-4.8—.. 12 88408—.' 8 94413—'*
67185 9 73229 8 31654 20 88488..„ '8 95321 '
Mo. 67256 73304 8 81814 IS 88630—99 94490 12
I 81,000 73310 20 81828. 40 88697 12 96611—70
67286 8 73423. 39 88803—8 95808— 8
,67416 .... 60 73603..— 8 81040 8 88865 9 95919—43
87434—. 8:73772 8 82163 8 68903.— , *• -
(1442 6 73962..— 8 82261 20 889_J.___J_ 93134—40
4)1467.'. 9 73977' 8 62-89.— .'.29 «• " ' 96159—12
87475 8 82304 8 89014—8 96.'07— 52
87487 20 741 10.. 40 82-29 8 89088--. £ 9*266—
87488... 8 74133— ..U 8-419— 20 89299— »40 96296 12
81430— .40 74309 8 83444 8 89419 28 90515— 8
67494 6 74321— 8 82511 8 88472—1? 96533 12
41642 . 8 14338 8 82576 20 89530. __ 8 95596— 8
•7999 8 74361 8 H262- 8 89409— 8 50692  .13
97731... ..50 74376 ... .12 8299S . 8 83519 8 90770 32
87903. 8 ! 7 445 1 .... 12 82844.—-. 3, 8968*.___S 96842—20 •
81911 8 74759. 29 ' 89703— 8 96867U_-,12
74763... 2'J 83617. 49 89758_-J2 ai,ii>*.,. 1?
68142 ...40 74885. ... 8 &»138.1._J2 89«v0— 32 <-:«?'■ ,-1?
,'68152 8 83214..— . 8 BJ9i2- 8
68171 8 75224 12 83248—12 899791—40. OUT** i .
168296 — . 8 15253 12 83252 i .' Mo- 971.4
478212 8 75334 8 83644..—. 12 90tT49_-_7B $2,000
68227 8175344 It 83660...- 8 90152 40 97209— 8
478233 8 14420 8 836*2.-,. 8 90154 ._ 8 9121)«_ 4
168436 8 15434 12 8j650— .39 99327 _30 "'" If> -
49481... ...20 ?44ft<> 8 90366— 8 91418-—; 8
C 8643 8 74674 8 S4OOO. „.. 8 99513.—. 40 »74»* M .
68578 20 75743 8 84901 49 90557.__1t 97444 11
69578. 40 75823—. 6 84027 20 90851.— 12 97632 — 8
66673 tl> 75997 20 84104— 8 90953-— -10 97673— 8
118717 8 75966 SO 84109—12 90962—8 97765«»_J}
; . 76*57 12 6*131 20 ■ » ' ■
189033—12 76166..... 8 84240. 20 91120.-,. 8 98114—30
169047 20 76281 ... IS 84258 .-..40 91171 It 98126.. .40
69013— 8 76292. 8 84-90— 8 91303 12 98133 .441
69078 »0 70.4:7 ...80 84350 20 91367 8 9823«..-_. 8
68194 8 7047? 6 84431. 40 91398 8 96459.-_.40
, 69206 12 16803 12 84524 8 91399 20 98460— .-8
69326 8 "to. 76848 8I«40 . ..20 91541 12 96516 ._ 9
- 6 J. 1.12 IS $2.0 ' 84824 (0 91616 8 98653..— 8
69589— 8 16914... 64031 ..,,12 91638.,— 8 96175-...12
69654)..— .1S - 84181. 12 91819. 8 96632— . 8
69968— .. 12 T7049„_..'12 848» 8 91872 SO SB«9li 11
03997. 8 11133..— 20 8190-' .... 40 91893 8
1:134...- 6 84931 8 91926— .8 Ho. 00023
19071 .49 71217 IS $500
10984.-... 8 1 7339.... 20 55054—28 92016 12 99185 12
70300 77562 SO 81194... .12 92263. .12 99214 .. 20
79301 .12 77712.... 8 84296... . 8 92316— — 8 99340. .20
70352 ... 12 77119... 8 85439 .12 92371 . .12 99409..— .SO
70578... 12 77731 8 85483 ... 40 92405 —12 99551 .... 6
70704... (0 71737 . ... 8 86511 . .. SO 92503 ... 12 99584 ._ 8
701081;.. 8 77916 ... 40 65534 8 92t>92 .40 99637 12
.10764..— .20 . 64471 • 6 92141 6 )'9667 ... 8
70769 20 78130 20 841,46 —40 92629 8 99747 . ... 8
,10614—40 78234 6 64700 .20 92927. 9 9H813— 8
70960 8 78294— _M 841*8 8 92928;.— 12 99917 8
I . • 78378.—.. 8 92913 .... It 99919— 8
,HU44 8 781104—. IS B*o*o . ... 8 99999..— 8
111369—.. 8 76006 10 86173..— 8 93053 ... 8
71403 12 78629 8 86351 8 93214 4
7110i.._2*rJ:6771._..i; 84434— 8 »34J1 12 :
'
Tlie above ls for $1, 50c and 25c tickets In
proportion.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES — 100 numbers
from 49,041 to 49,144 inclusive, being 50 numbers
on each side of the number drawing the Capi-
tal Prize of $15,000— 100 numbers from 14 -
001 tto 14,601 Inclusive, being 50 numbers on
each side of the number drawing the Capital
I Prize of $4000— 512. 100 numbers from 97,074 to j
.LOTTERY DRAWING.
97.174 Inclusive, being 60 numbers on each side
of the number drawing the Capital Prise of
$2000— $8.
TERMINAL PRIZES— 999 numbers ending
with 94, being the two last figures of the num-
ber drawing the Capital Prize of $15,000— 54.
999 numbers ending with 51. being the two last
figures of the number drawing the Second Capi-
tal Prize of $4000— 54.
The-Stftißcrlbers having supervised the Single
Number Drawing, Class "L." of THE CANA-
DIAN ROYAL ART UNION, Limited, hereby
certify that the above are the numbers which
were this day drawn from the 100,000 placed In
the wheel, with the prizes corresponding to
them.
Witness our hands at Montreal, this Thurs-
day, August 31, 1899.
N. PERODEAU. Member of the Legislative
Council of the Province of Quebec.
HILAIRE HURTEAU, Ex-M. P.
Commissioners.
X
1 1 The undoubted luxury and comfort, 
!The undoubted luxury and comfort, 
unequaled cuisine, location and mod- 
1 1 crate charges have made the 
► PALACEmd
i GRAND j
t the most popular and fashionable ho- "
7 tels in San Francisco. Operated Jointly "
" under one management. Correspond- "
" ence solicited. n
" • , JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
1 ' Manager. 
«»4»««»«»4>-»-» »»»»mmm»»m»»m»m
fegliDß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Baff-T ___S Five hundred reward for any
fir - W{ case we cannot cure. This secret
U__ • _-Jt_ remedy stops all losses in 24
&y_2 BjSS hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
liJr. 1 .11 1 1 tency. Varicocele, Gonorrhoea,
___H- ■__■*. Gleet. Fits, Strictures, Lost
EnjPU— HBSq Manhood and all wasting effects
___■ --. it..v,t 0 ( gel -abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also
for sale at 1073°v_ Market St., S. F. All private
diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual . organs. Depot. 323 Market.
PIICC DDVAI ssat. l^ ss
I 11 r m III Ii I our Special Brew
UiHIL nUIHL^-ove rcnat^ r d
Willi- I I V-» I 1 1 1- sc. Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
»__ Steamers leave Broadway
rm-,,- wharf, San Francisco.
jßjKsailfc Fr.r Alaska* ports, 10 a.m.,
S^'Wot.' Oct. 3, 8. 13. 18. 23, 28; Nov.
U__ KKCT 2, change at Seattle.
n___Q_t| Vis For Victoria, Vancouver
■BD_xV#Ql (B. C.),, Port Townsend. Se-
I r^^hifittifflft attle, Tacoma. Everett, Ana-
* cortes and New Whatcom
7* (Wash.). 10 a. m., Oct. 3, 8,
13, 18, 23, 28; Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry. : at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Rv- ,____.. __ _ '■■
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Oct.
6, 11, 16, 21. 26, 31; Nov. 6 and every fifth
day thereafter. Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro East Ban Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9a. m., Oct. 3. 7, 11. : U 19. -». 2., 31.
Nov 4. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles) 11 a.
ml. Oct 5. 9. 13, 17 21. 25. 29; Nov. 2. and every
fourth day thereafter. „''"_:"'_ *
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bar. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa.. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
B rfl hours of salline- ... 'ILIL
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). _ „ _
GOODALL. PERKINS *CO Cen. Agts.
10 Market st.. Pan Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
■From Pnenr-street Whar at 1" a. m..
CADE $12 Firnt Class Including Berth
rAiIC $8 Second Class .Mid Meals.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. ...Oct. 5, 15. 25
COLUMBIA sails Oct. 10, 20, X
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
New York Oct. 25 New York Nov. Io
St. Louis Nov. list. Louis Nov. 22
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Weoternland ...Oct. IS Frlesland Nov. 8
Kensington Oct. 25 Southwark Nov. 15
Nordland Nov. 1 Westernland ...Nov. 22.
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery St.. or any of Its agencies. '
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
AMERICA-MARU Saturday. October 14
HONGKONG-MARU. .Wednesday, November 1
NIPPON-MARU Saturday, November 25
Round-trip tickets .at reduced . rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
PB-BM ___._■ The S. S. Australia
PCg|R©g«r sails for Honolulu
HI 1 "" Wednesday, October
™ _, 18, at 2 p. m.
I^y"^\'^\ S. S. Moana sails
_P3m°.niDc' "via Honolulu and
MCfllllJlliy < -' Auckland for Sydney
/nfURn Wednesday, Nov. 1,
IVIIIUUIIt-T at 10 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 first class.
j. D. SPRECKELS & BBOS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomer)
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAONIE QENESALE TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. .jufiafc
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a.' m.
from Pier 42. North River, foot of <°- — ' -_-_-■
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE, Oct. 7; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 14; LA GASCOGNE, Oct.
21; LA BRETAGNE, Oct. 28; LA TOURAINE,
Nov. 4. First-class to Havre, $60 and up-
ward; 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre, $45; 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery aye.. San Francisco. ' ■ V
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND vallejo.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE ■ SOc
-__=___=
weeklF call
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
QUEEN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1898. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner,
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash 1500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $721,770 (S
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company -,494,53154
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral _.-__,__
Cash in Company's Office 11. .99 83
Cash in Banks •• 102,803 4a
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ••••••• 44.042 «
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages ...........
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion -39,660 61
Bill, receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 228 IV)
Rents due and accrued 1,699 31
Due from other Companies for re.
surance on losses already paid 4 40
Total Assets •■ 668. 340 78
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $57,680 83
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense .*•* • 83,957 7.
Looses resisted. Including expenses.. 87,102 45
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-*
a nlng one year or less. $1,330,013 77;
reinsurance 50 per cent €65,00.87
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- t
Dire more than one year, $1,685.-
-2"5 81" reinsurance pro rata 117,722 IS
Grosß rremiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ;
reinsurance 100 per cent ..........
Gross premiums on Marine lime
Risks, $- ~~' reinsurance 50
DuT end ''accrued * for salaries!
rent etc 59. OF
All other demands agalns the Com-
pany -"• 116,497 7.
Total Liabilities - $1.844.365 52
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire _______
premium* ................$_ IE-
Net Cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums il"'".- _;
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages • • • • • •■•■•• •••••
Received for Interest and dividends
or. Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 122 ,824 ii
Received for Rents -.-.♦. 8.224 20
Total Income ..-..........-..51.999,934 9$
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $144,663 43, losses of pre-
vious years) $1,030,57-0.
Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(including $ . losses of
previous years
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage -• 809,74113
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 187,158 89
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 51,849 71
All other payments smd expenditures 119.551 73
Total Expenditures .......-..-...5-.858,874 60
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... 51,078, 446 60
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of Risks I
written during the
year $233,268,210 [$2,363,901
Net amount of Risks )
expired during the J
year 230,970,758 2.491,132 05
Net amount In force
December 31. IS9S 286,963.211 | 3,015,239 53
JAS. A. MACDONALD, Pres.
G. W. BURCHELL, Sec.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 25th
day of January. 1899.
T. LIVINGSTONE KENNEDY,
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPAETMEST:
ROLLA V. WATT, Manager,
N.W. Comer Pine and Sansome Sts.,
EAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Pacific Coast Department— Washing-
ton, Oregon, Montana, Idaho, Nevada, Utah,
Arizona, California and the Hawaiian Islands.
Agencies everywhere.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Fidelityand Casualty
003_v_r_P-A.2ST^"
OF NEW YORK, In the State of New York,
on the 81st day of December, A. D. 189S,
and for the year ending on that day, as mads
to the Insurance Commissioner of the Stats
of California, pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by th* Com-
missioner. - -.-..= '"'■-■
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash $250.000 00
.■/.,■;'-• ASSETS. ' '
Real Estate owned by Company.... $570,833 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,048,376 25
Cash In Company's Office 34,141 78
Cash In Banks 41,978 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans , 2.016 67
Rents due and accrued _ 2,059 10
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion : 891,0.0 39
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken . .
for Fire and Marine Risks, rein-
surance reserve deposit _.. 19,268 91
Total Assets -...-....53.109.731 68
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 1170,471 83
Losses resisted, including expenses
(of which $375,400 CO are resisted
for insured) 391297 J5
Gross premiums on Risks running .
one year or less, $ ; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent......... 1.49-.036 98
Gross premiums on Risks running
more than one year, $ ; rein-
surance pro rata 178,541 58
All other liabilities 48,098 90
Total Liabilities 279.441 65
INCOME. ~~ ~
Net Cash actually received for -pre-
miums ' $3,209,345 60
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 79,136 33
Received for Rents 66,053 58
Received from all other sources 11.693 91
Total Income ..$3.356.279 43
EXPENDITURES. •~ " "
Net amount paid for Losses (Includ-
ing $ . losses of previous .'."'. V.
years) $-,541,095 03
Dividends to Stockholders 60,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 840,150 34
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 134,775 03
Paid for State, National - and local
taxes 68,991 83
All other payments and expenditures 475,239 95
Total Expenditures ..$3,100.252 16
Losses Incurred during the year $1,275,004 20
GEO. F. SEWARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLAS, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thla
10th day of February*. 1899.
E. A. RABNER, Notary Public
pacific coasYdepartment,
S. C PARDEE,
Resident Manager and Attorney,
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
(1 "PATENTS! J3
i 330 MARKET ST. aF.SS^ONE MORE CLEW
TO THE ROBBERY
OF THE ALAMEDA
Lees Finds a Valuable
Witness.
♦
STORY TOLD BY J. W. WINTON
« ♦
SAYS LEWIS AND MURPHY
WERE ON THE MARIPOSA.
♦
The Former Told Him He Had a Big
Job On — Sovereigns Stole.. Be
fore the Alameda Reached
Auckland.
Chief cf Police Lees yesterday secured
information which he claims will prove
of great value in unravelnig the mys
tery surrounding the robbery on the
steamship Alameda last May, when a box
conta'ning 5000 sovereigns was stolen
from the strongroom of the vessel on the
trip from Sydney, Australia, to this port.
The man who furnished the Chief with
this valuable in'onnation is J. W. Win
ton, the ventriloquist, now playing an
..-gagement at the Orpheum, who arrived
c- the City -Pa* - from Honolulu.
The story tcld by Winton fully explains
certain matters that have ali along puz
zled the police, and clearly establishes the
connection of the man Lewis with the
gang which the Chief has maintained
from tha first committed the rotroery.
Winton sailed from San Francisco for j
Audtiaad on April 20 on the steamer
Mariposa, and Lewis, who traveled an- ■
<ier the name cf Murphy, was a fellow
passenger. Lewis had known Winton in
A'_stra.:-i- and was known by the latter .
as a croon. During the voyage Lewis be- ,
came quite confidential and intimated
plainly that he had "something on" that
w :_li pan out big.
"If you knew what I know," he told ]
Winton confidentially, "you wouldn't be
working those "dummies' for a living,"
r^'-rrr.ng to the lay figures used by tho I
v~-.:r.ioqu-3t.
Ihat's all right. I am on to your
f - -me." replied Winton, "but I don't make
i.iy living that way.".
Lewis was rolling in wealth on the voy
age ever and as he was drunk a greater
part of the t.me h€ gave the mate 1300
. '.verei.-TT-s to keep for him. Winton also
noticed that Lewis spent hours each day
in close conversation with a steerage pas- !
ienger, and -when asked by Chief Lees to
describe tne man gave a detailed -crip
tion of the member of the gang who was
known in San Francisco by the name of
'. r dy, but whose real name is Murphy.
That was just the information the Chief
was a_-.^r. as it establishes the identity
cf the f»o members of the gang who
were passengers on the steamer on that |
trip.
Winton also says he saw Cooper, alias :
Casey; who is now in this city, and Kelly, j
w ':-. o is serving a four years' sentence in ]
a Mexican prison for getting away with j
.' JOfl from a bank in the City cf Mexico.
i n thi: Mariposa just before the vessel
c -::~d 4 irorn this port, in conversation with j
Lewis.
Another fact in connection with the rob
bery, according to Chief Lees, that has
not been published heretofore is that the
box of sovereigns was stolen between Syd
ney and Auckland. This contention of the
Chief is based on information furnished
by a lad named Cook, who was ship's hov
er, the Alameda. He went into the strong
room when the steamer was three days
out of Sydney, and through curiosity
counted the boxes containing the sover
eigns. He counted them three times, and
there were twenty-nine. There should
have been thirty, although the boy was!
unaware of that fact. Chief Lees knows :
where Cook is. ar.d can produce him at ;
i.r.y time. The robbery was not discov
ered by the officers of the steamer until
within three days cf Honolulu.
The Mariposa arrived at Auckland on !
May I-. 1 , an.i the Alameda left Sydney on ',
May 11. arriving at Auckland on the 13th, !
giving Lewis and Murphy plenty of time
to arrange for receiving the stolen gold, i
It has also been learned that the lock on i
the door of the steamer's strongroom
could be removed and replaced without j
removing the seal. But while these facts
are important in providing clews to the !
perpetrators of the robbery, the identity |
of the robbers themseK-es is yet a mys
tery. Chief Lees is greatly encouraged by
•he information furnished by Winton, I
however, especially the suggestion made
by the latter that Lewis is in all proba
bility somewhere in Western Australia.
The exact whereabouts of Murphy, or :
Brody. is not known, but the Chief an-
ticipates little trouble in locating him
when wanted.
ST. IGNATIUS SODALITY
WiLL ATTEND IN A BODY
Well Known Organization Will Have
a Special Night at the Youths'
Directory Fair.
There is no diminution in the crowds
which attend the Youths' Directory ba
zaar, at the League of the Cross armory.
Market street, near Tenth. Last night
the booths, made attractive by the pretty
articles tastefully displayed, did & rush
ing business. The pleadings of the ladies
In charge are irresistible, and the visitors
to the fair never leave withoit giving
some of their money to the good cause.
The bazaar will close on Saturday even
ing next, and the friends of Father Crow
ley and his band of enthusiastic workers
are Socking there in large numbers. Each
night during the week an interesting pro*
gramme will be presented and ought to
prove an additional incentive to others to
visit the fair.
Last night the ladles of St. Anthony's :
booth held a "night at home." In honor '
of the occasion the League of the Cross ,
band played selections and an interest- i
ir.z programme was rendered.
To-night the St. Ignatius Sodality, num- :
bering fIX) m-n, will attend In a body.
James R. Kelly, president of the Hibernia
Bank and prefect of the sodality, ap
pealed to the members to visit the fair.
and resolution- were adapted in favor of
the er.tire organization going there to- 1
night. It will be a red-letter night at the
fair.; A special programme for the enter- !
tainment of the sodality ha 3 been ar
ranged.
The refreshment booth. if. charge of i
Mrs. Lswler. is still doing a rushing bus!-'
r.ess. The "at home" given by Miss Mc- j
Carthy last Saturday afternoon was well !
"HELLO!"
A Telephone Line to Our
Contra Costa Well
A telephone line will be built to
our oil well In Contra Costa Coun-
ty. Daily bulletins will then be
made and posted In our ofiice.
Stockholders can telephone the su-
perintendent there for information.
WHEN WILL THE PRICE 80 UP?
This question Is asked us daily.
The Board cf Directors will or.er
an advance at their next meeting.
The price will never be lower than
Jo. It may be advanced any time.
DO NDT DELAY. Remember, that
we allow you thirty days after pur-
chase to investigate.
ILLUSTRATED PROSPECTUS
on application.
AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
ROOMS —:-_.„ PAF.F.OTT BtnLDINO.
SAN FRANCISCO. \L.
OAKLAND OFFICE.... m TENTH st.
att^ided, but no one was fortunate
enc**h to carry away the magnificently
frosted cake. On Wednesday afternoon
Miss Oleson will entertain her friends.
the will be assisted by the other pretty
memcers of the booth. Chicken - 1.1 be
served In three different stvies in honor
of the occasion. On Saturday afternoon
the Misses Lawler will receive their
friends. "Shamrock" salad will be the
pi^ce de resistance.
-h-- Celtic Union will visit the fait on
Friday night, md special arrangements
are being made to properly receive the
members of the well-known organization.
The contest for Sheriff is exciting a
great deal of interest. John Lackmann,
the Republican candidate for the office,
is leading Jeremiah Deasy, the Democrat
ic candidate, by a small margin. All the
booths are doing well, but It is hoped the
friends of the ladies in charge will heip
them to do better.
CLAIMS ARISING FROM
SAMOAN TROUBLES
Conference Between the Representa-
tive of This and the English
Government.
WASHINGTON, Oct. >.— Mr Tower.
Charge d' Affaires of Great Britain, con
ferred with acting Secretary of State Hill :
to-day relative to the payment of claims
filed aeainst the three governments sig
natory to the Berlin ... as the result j
of the recent Samoan trouble.
Man claims for indemnity have been
Sled with the British Government by its j
subjects resident in Sam a whose prop- i
arty was damaged by the operations of j
the natives, and it is understood that the
German claims amount to a large sum.
There are few Americans in Samoa, and
the claims filed are few. The German and
British Governments are said to have
agreed to arbitrate the claims.
While this Government is favorable to
the principle of arbitration. It does not
propose, where its claims are so few and j
small in amount, to be put in a position
where it may have to give an ec.ua! share
for the settlement of the claims of the ]
citizens of other Governments. -Besides.
it is said that the United States ls not re
sponsible for the damage committed, and
former Chief Justice Chambers, in an j
identical report to the three Governments, <
held that the Germans were responsible. '
The high Joint Samoa.. Commission made i
::o provision for the settlement cf claims.:
leaving this matter to the three Govern-
Clients to determine.
Jockey Killed at Chicago.
CHICAGO. Oct. S.— J. Boyd, a well
known steeplechase rider, was killed at j
Hawthorne to-day. The accident occurred
In the third race, a steeplechase. As the !
horses swung toward the fence Boyd i
swerved his mount. Globe 11. with the ■'
seaming intention of carrying Cheesemite
out of the course. He succeeded, but i
Globe II crashed against the wing of the
hardie and turned a complete somersault,
colliding with and knocking down Three
Forks and crushing Boyd so badly that
he died_while -being conveyed to the hos- i
pital. The judges, ignorant of the exto.it
of Boyd'- injuries, investigated the ac- j
tion of Boyd in crowding Ch^semite out!
of the course and ruled him off the track
before the news of the unfortunate jock- :
ey's death was received.
COUNTERFEITERS
NOW ON TRIAL
Prisoners Imitated the
Revenue Stamp.
PHII.ADEI.PHIA. Oct. 9.— lnterest in
the celebrated revenue stamp counter- ;
felting' conspiracy unearthed about six
months ago by the United States secret
service and which resulted in the arrest
of eight men. one a Government employe
and two formerly in the service of the '
United States, was revived to-day, when
the defendants were placed on trial before
Judge McPherson in the United State.-:
District Court. The accused are: Ex-
United States District Attorney Ellery P.
Ingham, his law partner and former As
sistant District Attorney, Harvey K.
Newitt; Samuel Downey. Deputy Col- 1
lector of Internal P.evenue for the Lan
caster District; TT. M. Jacobs ar.d W. I.
Ken-dig 1 , cigar manufacturers of Lancas- •;
ter; S. B. Brede!, machinist, of Camden.
X. J.; Arthur S. Taylor, engraver, of tht-? ;
city, and James Burns, a foreman in Ja- |
cobs' cigar factory.
The discoveries of the Secret Servic? Bu
reau in connection with the counterfeiting
piot first gained publicity on April 13 last. !
On that Say Jacobs. Burns and Kendig
were arrested. Jacobs and Kendig were ;
charged with making an immense eruan
tlty Of internal revenue stamps, which
they used en their cigar boxes, and tne j
counterfeit Monroe head, JIOO silver cer- j
tiricates. the engraving on which was so
perfect as to cause the Treasury Depart
ment to call in the entire issue of the
note. Jacobs was held in $45,000 and Ken- ]
die in $25,000 bail. Burns was charged
With aiding- and abetting Jacobs and Ken
dig. He was committed in default of 12T>.-
COO. Samuel M. Downey was next pre
hended, charged with accepting bribes j
from Jacobs and Kendig. His bail was |
$25. 000. Taylor and Bredel were arrested
on the charge of making the plates for
the counterfeit money and stamps.
Two partly finished plates for $20 and $3*l
notes were found in their workshops in
this city, while the plate for the Monroe
head note and those from which the bogu-;
stamps were printed were later found in .
the Jacobs Lancaster factory. Ingham ;
and Newitt were arrested on the charge
ot attempting to bribe a United States
secret service operative. Each furnished
H.-00- bail.
District Attorney Beck asked that the
bills of indictment asrainst Insrham and
Newitt be consolidated, and their counsel. ;
A. S. Shields, not objecting this was done..*
Shields then entered a plea of not guilty ;
for his clients, stating that they were
charged only with misdemeanors. The
Jury was quickly drawn and the case j
against Ingham and Newitt was taken up.
District Attorney Beck opened with an
address to the Jury outlining the Govern- j
ment's case and giving the history of the
conspiracy from Its inception to the ar
rest of the conspirators.
NICARAGUAN CANAL
CONCESSIONS LAPSE
-Maritime Company Shortly to Lose j
Its Eights, but Will Make No
Effort for Eene-wal.
WASHINGTON', Oct. 3.-Thursday will
see the expiration of the concession
granted to the Maritime Canal Company
by the N'lcaraguan Government for the :
construction of the N'lcaraguan canal, ;
and on the same Late the concession
granted by the Zei.: Government to
Messrs. Eyre and Cragin will begin.
There Is no intention on the part of the j
officials to Interfere to secure a renewal •
of the Maritime company's concession.
All matters relating to the canal, ex- ]
cept the abrogation of the , Clayton-
Bulwer treaty, will remain in'*statu quo
until the Isthmian Canal Commission has |
reported. Persistent rumors are current j
in official circles that those interested in i
the Eyre-Cragin concession and the Mari- j
time Company intend to consolidate their ;
Interests. By such a move it is said the '
Maritime Company's interests would be \
partly protected, while the Eyre-< '
syndicate would be able to secure the !
rights held by the Maritime Company In
Costa Rica, where the cones - does
not expire until January, ISOL The Costa
Blear. Government Is averse to extending
the concessions or granting a new one.
preferring that the United States -hall
build the canal rather than private cor
poration. Until the .■---•'. boundary
question is disnosed of the authorities
will not consider the .; " >n-Buiwer
treaty. When an agreement on Alaska ls
reached Secretary Hay may renew nego
tiations for the abrogation of the canal
convention. ■---<;:
McKenzle's Defense.
ISUN", Oct. The trial of O. 3. llc
• Kenzie was resumed this morning. The
prosecution closed its case at 3 o'clock
this afternoon. P. A. Decker of C ikv-l-s
1 was the first witness called for th de
fense. E. H. Cowarth. F. Roberts, F.
Newsberger and T. L. Patten alaso testi
fied for the defense. T. deposition of
Jesse 'Walters taken before his death was
also read to the jury, after which an ad
journment was taken until ■ to-morrow
i mornins.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10. 1599.
UNCLE JOHN IS
A TOTAL WRECK
Goes Ashore on Van
couver Island.
4>
Special -,-•-.- The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. -.—The grave
: yard of the Pacific— the west coast of
i Vancouver Island— has added another ves
i sel to the already large list which have
I met with disaster there. The latest v.c
--! rim of these rocky shores is the American
! barkentlne Uncle John. According to
! news wired by the lighthouse-keeper at
Cape Beale the Uncle John is a total loss
on the rock-hound island coast. She was
driven ashore during the heavy gales of
last Saturday and swept by the storm
tossed seas nigh up on the rocks about
fourteen miles to the westward of Car
manah Point, about eighty miles from
Victoria, where one of the two light
houses of the Dominion Government on
tits west coast Is situated.
The Uncle John was on tier way up from
Honolulu to the Sound when she ended
her ■■.--.- en the west coast. She was
blown by the gales, assisted by the cur
rents, which'set northward above be en
trance to the straits, and endeavoring to
beat down she got too close In shore and
was swept to total wreck on the rocks.
As far as can be learned, ail her crew
are safe. Fortunately for them, the ship
did not strike the range of cliffs which
runs along for some distance in the vi
cinity of where she struck. She struck
a low-lying stretch and was driven well
upon the rocks, thus giving her crew a
chance to save themselves. Ha . she
struck a little farther down the coast
few if any would have survived. "'-'^
The men are encamped on the beach to
the south of Cape Beale. The lighthouse
keeper has gone to them with a supply
of food and warm clothing. I: is expected
that they will he brought here to-morrow.
A report reached- here to-night that
the steamer Princess Louise has been
wrecked on Skeena. She is three days
overdue.
RAILWAY MANAGER
PASSED TO HIS END
Death of Thomas Lord Kimball,
Who Held High Positions
en Various Lines.
OMAHA. Nebr.. Oct. 9.— Thomas Lord
Kimball, the veteran railroad manager,
died at his home to-day after a short ill
ness. He was born October 1. ISSIi at
Buxton. Me. In 1537 he moved to Cin
cinnati, where he entered the service of
the Pennsylvania P.aiiroad. where he soon
rose to a high rank in the service. In 1871
he was called to Omaha to assume the
duties of general passenger and ticket
agent of the Union Pacific P.aiiroad. a
position he held for ten years, when he
was made general traffic manager, retain
ing the place until the Gould-Diilon syndi
cate gave up the control of the property.
Mr. Kimball was then recognized as the
ablest railroad manager in the West. His
investments proved fortunate and he
amassed a competence. In 1555 he mar
ried Mary Porter Rogers, a native of New
Hampshire, who. with two sons and two
daughters, survive him. His daughter
Frances is the wife of Geurge W. Hol
dredge, eer.erai manager of the B. and M.
R. R.. and Thomas R., a son, is the well
known architect.
«
Improved Train Service.
LOS ANGELES. Oct. 9.— Tne santa re
Railway will increase Its transconti
nental train service during the coming
winter, putting on four limited trains be
tween this city and Chicago instead o.
three, as formerly. The time will also be
cut down, the rim between Los Angeles
and N*w York bring made in three days,
twenty-one and a half hours. The nrst
train "will leave Chicago Nov-.mber 7.
reaching Los A.ns-= , l°s November 1'!. The
first limited will leave Los Angeles No
vember 11. Limited trains will leave Chi
cago on Tuesdays, Wednesdays. Thurs
days and Saturdays and Los Am-r^le..
Tuesdays, Thursdays, Saturdays and Sun-
Thornton Sentenced.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 9. — Franklin
Thornton, the Pa«adena ex-assistant
postmaster, has been sentenced to thr^e
years In San Quentin penitentiary by-
United States District Judge Wolburn.
Thornton was found guilty of embezzling
$762 worth of Government stamps while
employed in the Pasadena Postofnce.
THE HIGHEST OBJECT
Of th art of advertising is to correctly
inform the public of the merits of any
article, and truthful statements always
prove most effective in time. The val
uable reputation acquired by the Cali
fornia Fig Syrup Co.. by reason cf the
excellence of the pleasant laxative rem
edy, Syrup of Figs, which it manufac
tures, confirms the statement which the
company freely makes, that the best
of remedies only should be used when
required by the human system. If a
laxative remedy is required the most
gentle and effectual — --.'.• of Figs
should be given the preference over the
w \%ok 1 111 a¥\
*C_^-___V"_=__>s-'*^ __m pax A. bS_U_)^*S ___!• (S^i ____p_r^ ___
#^T -pn ANCi sen __r^' 4%*s£
,** i-E-Ky-to.«i_,-
/\QMMAb{AHAm ~ yDHEy *A USTnAUA "
iohdon Poland f^^£ Hongi^^!**
\^c*— t NC! K^^C Lo ßtP^^
VlTtt ITS WoRLD-fAMED LAXATIVE RE r^ieor
for sale by the reputable Drus^ists^ throughout the .World .
• PRICE 50 CENTS PER BOTTLE-
MUTINY QUELLED
BY CONSUL HARRIS
Attacked the Ringleader
on the Newport.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
YOKOHAMA, Sept. 25.— The Twentieth
Kansas has come and gone, adding ma- '.
terially to the very favorable impression
made by all the American troops who
have passed through here on their home- i
ward way.
The one man who has been the center i
of attraction has, -' course, been General
Funston. His modest. bearing and strong
personality have made him as great a j
favorite among the citizens as he mani- j
festiy is among the men of his own rcgi- j
ment.
The war has developed another hero.
this time In the person of United States
Consul Harris of Nagasaki. The occa- .
sion, sad .0 say, was one of the most dis
creditable episodes of the war. The 1
transport Newport, on its homeward {
voyage, had on board a large contingent
of discharged soldiers. These men, find
tag that they outnumbered the rest of
the passengers, and filled with an over
whelming sense of the reacquired citl
sens hip, carried things with a high hand, i
Dissatisfied with their accommodations
they practically took possession of the
ship, and driving the officers from their
quarters Installed themselves therein.
On arrival at Nagasaki Consul Harris,
being apprised of the affair, went on
board with four Japanese policemen.
The Cor..-. is a little deaf, and on
boarding the Newport was met by the
leader of the mutineers with the ques- \
tion, "Are you the Consul of the United i
States?" Owing to his affliction the Con
sul was compelled to ask his, lnterrogator
to repeat his question several times, j
which, the mutineer did, each time in ai
louder voice.
The same tactics were prevalent dur
ing the entire episode, turning a scene, j
which otherwise might have been/dra-i
matic and effective, ... something
which appealed broadly to the American j
sense of humor. The fact that he was ;
the Consul being finally . sited the lead- j
er said to him. every word having to be
constantly repeated in louder tones: You
just keep yourself out of this affair. We j
are free Americans and now have things
on board this boat as we want them and i
we propose to keep them there, I have |
hundreds of men at my back." As this
assertion was at last shouted into the •
ear of the Consul he said: "You are the:
leader of these men, are you? Well, you !
are lust the man I want." With that "the
consular hand descended on the ring
leader's collar and the consular foot
curled around the leader's legs, tripping
■him on deck and the American citizen
was passed into the keeping of the four
tittle Japanese policemen amid the plaud
its of every one on board, including the j
mutineers themselves.
SURVEY OF GRAND CANYON.
Engineers to Travel Through the
Great Send Region of Texas.
AUSTIN. Oct. 3.— Professor Robert T.
Hill of the United States Geodetic Survey
and party, who are making an official
survey of the great tend region of Texas.
left Presidio, Texas, two days ago on their
voyage through the Grand Canyon of the
Rio Grande.
With the exception of a Mexican guide
who accompanies them they are the first
persons to undertake a trip through the
canyon. Recent heavy rains have caused
a isi. rise in the Rio Grande and all the
journey can be made by boats. The Mex
ican guide says the trip is full of peril
and there ar* many wonderful thin-rs to
be seen in the canyon. The party will
make their exit from the canyon near Del
Rio. about -i.*' 1 miles below Presidio, the
starting point.
HOME FOR SPIRITUALISTS.
Young Men's Christian Association
Building at San Joss Pur
chased.
SAN* JOSE. Oct. o— The First Spiritual
Union of this city is new. the possessor of
a magnificent home and will dedicate the
same on October _S by a reception to Mrs.
Eunice S. Sleeper, the donor. The deed
went on record to-<lay by which the
Young Men's Christian Association build
ing on Second street, between St. John
and Santa Clara streets, became the prop
erty of the spiritualists. Th»e building was
old-time cathartics and liver medicines,
which were disagreeable to the taste
and frequently injurious as ■well. The
more one takes of salts and pills the
more constipated the system becomes;
while orn the other hand one enjoys both
the method and results when Syrup of
Figs is taken. It is pleasant and re
freshing to the taste and acts gently
yet promptly on the kidneys, liver and
bowels; cleanses the system effectual
ly, dispels colds, headaches and fevers
and overcomes habitual constipation
permanently; also bilious •- and the
many ills resulting therefrom. The
great trouble with all other purgatives
and aperients is not that they fail to
act, when a single dose is taken, but
that they act too violently and inva-
sold to satisfy a mortgage a few months ■
. ago and the spiritualists bought it from i
' the Security Bank for $1.-500. (
Mrs. Sleeper, who is a devout follower I
! of spiritualism, a few years ago gave j
j $.4,000 for its advancement, creating what j
jis known as the Sleeper trust fund. At j
i the last State convention the San Jose
j Union obtained permission to invest part |
■ of the funds and the purchase to-day was j
I their choice. The building is centrally .
j located and originally cost in the neigh
borhood of $25,000. The name of the build-
I ing will be changed to the "Temple of I
! Spiritualism." Mrs. Sleeper is now an ;
, inmate of the Pratt Home and her recep- '
1 tion on the -Sth Inst, will also celebrate
her eighty-fifth birthday.
OBJECT TO QUARANTINE
BY STATE OF TEXAS
Officials of Louisiana Preparing to
Fight the Matter in the
Supreme Court.
AUSTIN, Texas. Oct. 9.— Governor Say
-- to-day received a telegram from At
torney General Milton J. Cunningham of
Louisiana, notifying him that on October
16 the State of Louisiana will apply to the
Supreme Court of the United States for
a preliminary Injun.- to restrain the
State of Texas, her Governor and her
Health Officer. Dr. William F. Blount,
from establishing and maintaining an em
bargo on interstate commerce between
the State of Louisiana and the State of
Texas, operated under the guise of quar
antine. This proposed application for an
injunction is the culmination of constant
and vigorous protests that the business
men of New Orleans have made against
the maintenance of yellow fever quaran
tine by the State of Texas against New
Orleans. At .-.: time has Texas main
tained a quarantine against the State of
Louisiana, and Governor Bayers and At
torney General Smith are confident of de
feating the injunction application on that
ground.
Attorney General Smith will leave to
morrow for Washington to represent this
State in the case. The Southern Pacific
and the Texas and Pacific railway com
panies and the two Texas and New Or
leans lines will support the Texas quar
antine by means of affidavits as to its ne
cessity. Attorney General Smith also
takes the position that no State has the
legal right to question or interfere with
the police powers of another State.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Postal Changes, Army Orders and.
Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON Oct. Ex-Speaker
Thomas B. Reed appeared before the Su
preme Court to-day as counsel for the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company vs.
Bancroft, Whitney & Co. et a!. On ac
count of an absence of a quorum the case
went over. '.--_■ appeal from a
decision of the Ninth Circuit Court.
A Postoffice has been established at
Crater, Mono .-•.. ■'. A. J. Mattly
has been appointed Postmaster. Postal
service netween Cloverdale and Boone
ville will be discontinued after October
13. Charles L. Burns was to-day appoint
ed Postmaster at Black Mountain. San
Diego County, vice Emery M. "West
brook, resigned; also John S. Covert at
Lewis,:. Mariposa County, vice J. F. Jones,
resigned. y\-y ■■'.-■''-r- •'-..
Army orders: By direction of the sec
retary of War First Lieutenant Benjamin
M. Hartshorn Jr., Ninth Infantry, is re
lieved from recruiting duty at Jersey
City and will proceed to San Francisco
for' duty. Acting Assistant Surgeon Stan
ley S. Warren will proceed to Hot
Springs to relieve Captain Robert S.
Woodson. Captain Woodson upon being
thus relieved will proceed to San Fran
cisco. Private John Noll, hospital corps,
now on furlough at Presidio, San Fran
cisco, will report to the surgeon in
charge, sreneral hospital, at that post.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Jerry Thomas,
Los Angeles. $<i; Edward Souter. San
Francisco, Jti: George Hazlet, Bishop, X;
John W. Riffit San Francisco. $&, In
crease—William W. Stiilwell, Santa Bar
bara. $ii to $S; James B. Fairchild. Oak
land, 51- to $17: Joseph M. Clark, Veter
ans' Home, Napa, $14 to $17. Original
widows, etc.— Annie Hazlett. Bishop. $8.
Oregon: Original— Berry Buckner,
Cams. $11 Increase — Tipton Marion, Ti
gardvll.e, $10 to $12.
Washington: Original — Ansel H. Brown,
Gig Harbor. $o_ Original . widows, etc.—
Friederike Lenter. Seattle, Vi.
Thanksgiving Show.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. . Oct. 9.— !
Treasurer Leiter to-day completed ar- j
rangements whereby the Stanford i
Thanksgiving show will be given in the ;
Tlvoll Opera-house. The student body
charters the whole seating capacity of i
the house, while the Tivoii management \
provides the entertainment. Introducing j
Stanford specialties. I
r iably tend to produce a habit of
| body requiring constantly augmented
! doses.
The excellence cf Syrup of Figs is due
J not only to the originality and simplic
j ity of the combination, but also to the
I care and skill with which it is manu
j factured by scientific processes known
j only to the California Fig Syrup Co..
i 'and therefore we wish to impress on all
I the importance of accepting the true
| and original remedy only. When buy-
I ing note the full name of the company
j — California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on
I the front of every, package.
In the process of manufacturing the
I pleasant family laxative mads by the
| California Fig Syrup Co., -vi named
I Syrup of Figs', figs are used, as they
MANY DISASTROUS
FIRES IN JAPAN
One-Third of the Town
of Hakodate De- ,
stroyed.
■Special Disratch to The •an.
YOKOHAMA. Sept. 25.— great fire at
Hakodate on the U-th inst. resulted in the ;
destruction of nearly three thousand ;
houses. As it is a town of 50. 'X,*; inhab- j
itants this means the wiping out of about |
one-fourth of ' em. Within a little more
than a month three great fires, in Yoko- j
hama. Toyama and Hakodate, have de- ,
stroyed upward of 11,000 houses, a fact
which has led to at serious discussion in !
the native press as to whether the time !
has not come for the adoption of an en- I
tirely different style of urban architecture,
in order to prevent so frequent a recur- |
rence of these disastrous conflagrations. I
Shanghai is excited over the ghastly
news from Newohang. where a Govern- i
ment doctor sent to make investigations
discovered four depots containing -000
fresh coffins of plague victims waiting to I
be sent to their native provinces. The <
Doyen of the diplomatic corps at Peking '
has wit to the Tsung-li-Tan- to put
a stop to the export of coffins from New- j
chang.
A rumor is rife that the Emperor of j
China has succeeded in sending an appeal j
to the Emperor of Japan to rescue the j
former from his imminent danger of depo
sition and death at the hands of assassins.
It is also said that powerful influences
have been brought to bear upon the Em- j
press Dowager inducing her to hesitate in
her design to place a new occupant upon
the throne.
RELICS OF ANCIENT
EGYPT FALL IN RUINS
Nine Columns of the Great Hypes- {
tyle Hall of the Temple of El
Karmiah Collapse.
CAIRO, Oct. .—News has just reached j
here of the fall of nine colurns of the
Great Hypostyle Hall of the Temple of j
EI Karniak, built by Zetee. Dynasty XIX, j
one of the most magnificent and celebrat- ]
ed relics of the architecture of ancient
Egypt
The great hall of EI rniak, which is .
the most notable of the monuments of 1
Thebes of its class. Is 170 feet long and I
320 feet wide. The stone roof, now par- 1
tially in ruins, was originally supported
by 134 columns, the loftiest of which were j
near!;. seventy feet high and about
twelve feet in diameter. It was built by I
Zetee I and sculptured partly in his reign, i
work upon it being continued, by his son !
and successor. Raraesis 11.
The hall commemorates, not in its
grandeur alone but also by its 'sculp- |
fares, the magnificence and power of the i
two Pharaohs. The sculptures of the in- j
terior walls represent these monarch 3 i
making offerings to the gods.
SITUATION CRITICAL
IN VENEZUELA
-Envoys Pail to Reach Satisfactory
Terms, and -.-evolution May
Once More Break Out.
i Special Cable to The Call and the New Tork
Herald. Copyrighted IS-., by James Gor
j don Bennett.
CARACAS, Venezuela. Oct. *. — Senor
' Mates, who was sent by President An
drade as envoy to the revolutionary
': leader. General Cipriano Castro, has re
; turned here. The results obtained by his
i interview with General Castro are unac
i ceptable to the Government, and the situ
ation la again becoming very critical. The
i armistice between the contending forces
; is reported to have terminated.
! The German 'raining ship Nixe has ar
-1 rived at La Guayra.
A Heavy Sentence.
FRESNO, Oct. 9.— C. Clark, an ex-con
vict, whose real name has never been as
certained, was sentenced by Judge Webb
this morning' to serve thirty years at San
Qtientin for a brutal and felonious assault
committed here a few weeks agro. Clark
is 35 years of age, and with go<'': be
havior credits under the Goodwin act will
reduce his sentence to eighteen years and
two months. .-
' are pleasant to the taste: but the me-
I diclnal nroDerties of the remedy are
j obtained from an excellent combina
j tion of plants known to be medici
! nally laxative and to act most
i beneficially. •
As the true and original remedy
named Syrup of Figs is manufactured
jby th California Fig Syrup Co. only, a
j knowledge of that fact will assist in
j avoiding the worthless imitations man
i ufactured by other parties. The high
i standing of the California Fig Syrup
j Co. with the medical profession, and
! the satisfaction which the genuine
j Syrup of Fig has given to millions of
j families make the name of the com
: pany a guarantee of the excellence of
! its remedy.
AD VERTISEj-HINT s.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT,
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Aachen and Munich Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AIX-LA-CHAPELLE, CANT. ON
the 31st day of December. A. D. 1398. and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 01 of th- Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
Cash Market Value of ali Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company J6.3,36j CO
Cash in Company's Office ._'_•;
Cash n Bar.-..- ••• S-.751 ..
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 9^o 00
Premiums in Due Course of Collection .3.223 13
Balances due from Agents 22,428 73
" Total Assets ...-T33.-34 1?
LLABILnTES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid 13,744 50
Lasses in process of Adjustment or In
Suspense ...... 13.152 47
Lcsses resisted. Including expenses — 5,175 00
Gros3 premium on Fire Risks running
DIM year or less. J-53.243 32; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 131.621 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks running
more than one 7-ar. $143.1-3 51; rein-
surance pro rata 99,333 3$
All other demands against the Cam- _^
pany • T. 967 57
Total Liabilities .■.a32.^30 'A
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received Bat Flra
premiums - ..-.70.17. 14
Received for Interest and dividends ca
Bonds. Stocks. Loans and from ail ;
other sources 23.202 33
' Total Income ....... -. 5433.372 68
EXPENtC7 T -?.r.S. :~ ~ ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses ta-
cluding 124,464 22. losses of previous
years) Cs_..__ -4
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 92,133-5
Paid far Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc »15.254 5.
Paid for State, ... local
taxes 10,912 31
AH other payments and expenditures. 35,137 31
Total Expenditures .-...5452.504 51
Fire.
Losses incurred durinar the year $233,900 33
Risks' and Premiums. [Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amouEt of Risks' '
written during the'
year ( $43,053,170 ' $617,032 ii
Net amount of Risks j" ..*■..;
expired during the! |
year j i1.C52,560 I 513,713 2.
Net amount In force'
December 3L IS3S i 40.725.343 1 532,432 S3
SAML. R. 'U-EEi of tVeed i Kennedy,
Manager.
Subscribed and swern to before me. this- 24m
day of January, 1899. GEO. H. COREY,
Commissioner for California.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager.
ALFRED R. <___._., isst. Managsr.
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND. AFFAIRS
OF THE
HANOVER FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of Ember a C.
1353. and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commission of tha
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
at sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash $:.-'■ ooo Qg
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company...... $450,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 7,000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2.235.664 01)
Cash tn Company's Office 53.374 3*
Cash in Banks 43,803 __>
Interest floe and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 13,062 50
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages nit
Premiums in due Course of Collection 15L-07 03
Rents due and accrued 435 75
Due from ether Companies for Re-
insurance on tosses already paid 213 53
Total Assets $3,035,140 62
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $SS,S34 33
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 63,186 13
Losses resisted, including expenses... 25,922 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,011,526 33:
reinsurance a. per cent 505,753 IS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than gas year, $1,132,-
-fit-'. 31; reinsurance pro rata 623.343 S3
Reinsurance premiums 1L372 52
Total Liabilities $: _B._B 13
INCOME. ~
, '>- cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1.-43,473 63
Received for interest en Bends and
Mortgages 43133
Received for interest and dividends
on. Bonds, Stocks, Loan 3 and from
all other sources 94. SOS 13
Received for Rents 25.3«3 7)
Received far profit on sale of securi-
ties 23,37125
Total Income ■ $1.536. 177 63
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $132,636 41, losses cf pre-
vious years) $333.516 59
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 262,42153
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 153.730 73
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 50,30143
All other payments and expenditures 104,670 44
Total Expenditures ..$1,604,660 7*
..:-.>:;;... ■
Fire.
Leases incurred during the year $308,740 5.
Risk.? and Premiums. Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount of Risks!
written during the
year ! $157,146,433 $1. 722, 202 73
Net amount of Risks j
expired during the
year 155,003.364 1,735, 677 7.
Net amount In farce
December 3L 1338 [ 200.073.763 2.204.153 St
I. REMSEN LANE, President.
C. L. ROE. Secretary.
Subscribed an.: sworn to before me, this
•Stl. day of January. 1339.
JOS. McCORD. Notary Public.
CESAR BERTHEAU, Manager,
Pacific Coast Department,
423 CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO. C-kX.
3f^tmmmmWtS*^iM B!? c * ac= -prt«rn^r^
«<'2______^^^^^-_S__[ remedy for Gonorriicea,
• A.-BF'crEEJ'^-M Gleet, _pc rzaato rrhces,
iflHfia 1 * 5 1*7%. " aitea, u.i.t.ai :_*■
JMsW a__r-a-K- 2 charges, or soy inflam_._r
V4_s>W _« _» »ort--_r-. tion, irritancc or _.oi j -ak-
f?a»«- CT.-Kio-- t:ca ;f ai u-0 . . ni^n.-
Kal-riSEvAiia t-HEMJC-ICo. branes. Noa-aatriagent.
t3fl!».:*-:N«r;.o.E'9_ *»ld toy o«-sx*at»,
B& Cl. a .WF °r -eat In plain wrapper,
<^SW-%__-_-__-*®stl S7~? xv **Sh. P^Paid. fat
0 n fi- 00 - or 3 oottl-a, £..;_.
v fc v a Ci-xs.--. s-2s «* s*i_ae3_
WeeHy Call $1.00 Der to
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced. Financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat dull, owing to a holiday at Chicago.
Other cereals quiet and unchanged.
Bran and Middlings higher' and firm. Hay weak and dull.
Dried Peas lower. Beans firmly held. Seeds unchanged.
Sweet Potatoes still lower. Summer Vegetables rising.
Butter and Eggs advanced again. Cheese unchanged.
Poultry weak and dull. Game coming in spoiled.
Grapes and Ferries reported damaged by Sunday's heat.
Peaches, Plums and Figs scarce. Melons higher.
Fresh arrivals of Mexican Limes.
Dried Fruits show no change.
Hams advanced I-2C. Otherwise Provisions stand unchanged.
Meat market as previously quoted:
quarters.
The Sardomene '= chartered for barley tc
Europe, 375. _ _
The Geo. C. Perkins ids lumber at Gray-
Harbor for Kahulul.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial says:
"After throe days' suspension of business
trade opened in iairly liberal volume. The:.
was a considerable accumulation of mail orders
to be filled and numerous Inquiries to be an
swered. A few buyers were in market, having
come to the celebration and stayed over to dc
some necessary business. Actual sales, on th(
average, wore small, but there was a bettei
feeling indicated, and the impression was
given that actual transactions will be target
and prices belter on most descriptions. A con
siderable number of visitors are expected tc
the yacht races who will make their purchase»
of dried fruits before they return.
"Raisins are the most active, and spot good;
are selling readily at lull quotations. Th*
short crop In California and the total cleaning
up of the market are expected to compel heav.
sales, notwithstanding the high prices. Buyer;
feel safer in taking, liberal supplies than ihej
did last year, because the association ha;
proven Itself capable of controlling the situa
tion and fulfilling its promises to both grower:
and buyers.
"Pruie-s are not selling very freely as yet
but there is more Inquiry and the outlook foi
good trade is more premising, lt Is said thai
negotiations are in progress for two or thro
large blocks, but the particulars of the trans
actions have not been given out. It is con
ceded that sales will be heavy, once they be
gin, and prices are quite likely to rule better.
.'Peaches are in better position, but the mar
ket is still weak and unsatisfactory to holders
The Western demand for small sizes is not ai
strong as last week, but there are still con
siderable sales at full previous quotations. Th.
entire yield is not yet known, but it is very
large, and prices will do little better until tht
uncertainty is ended.
"AprlcdtS are firm, and In view of small sup
plies prices tend up.ward. Exporters contlnu.
to show considerable interest, and domestic
buyers are also seeking larger supplies. The
result is additional firmness In prices and a
probability that an advance will be made short
ly on tlie most wanted grades."
cat her Report.
( 120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Oct. 9. I*>99— s p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California -day:
Eureka 58 San Dleeo c .
Fresno sS Sacramento v -
Los Angeles 90 Independence Si
Red Bluff EOlXuma 9-.
San Luis Obispo 94',
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
t2; minimum, 62; mean. 72.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAI
FORECAST.
The pressure Is unusually low over Californi:
and Southern Nevada. A storm appears to bi
developing on the eastern slope of the Sierras
The pressure is also falling rapidly along th<
coast from Port Canby northward. High north
i-rly winds are likely to prevail Tuesday ovei
Northern California.
The temperature has fallen 26 degrees at Sai
Francisco and 10 degrees or more along thi
southern coast and in the Sacramento Valley
The weather Is generally cloudy over tho coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains, except I:
Southern California.
The following maximum wind velocities an
reported: Eureka. 32 miles per hour from tin
northwest; Red Bluff. 2s from the north; Sacra
memo. 2s, northwest, and Point Reyes, 00
northwest. Northwest storm signals are dis
played at San Francisco.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirt:
hours ending midnight. October 10. ISS9:
For Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday:
pro-bab!'* rain; coole r ; hifch northerly winds.
For Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday
showers; cooler: brisk southeasterly winds.
For Nevada— Rain Tuesday; cooler.
For Utah.— Rain Tuesday; cooler.
For Arizona— Cloudy Tuesday: showers
cooler.
For San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Tues
day; probably' rain; cooler; high northerl.
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, Oct. 9.— Buying by arbitrage
houses for London account made the highest
prices for the day in the general list at the
opening, As soon as that demand was satis
fied the market began to drag. There was some
support when prices of the iron and steel stocks
were bid up, but the fact was obvious that,
there was no vital demand for securities, 'I '1
the downward drift was renewed. By the close
of the day the gains were wiped out except In
a few cases. Steel and Wire was an exception
end ruse 3 pcdnts on reports of new properties
acquired; most of the gain being retained. Su
gar and Tobacco enjoyed their period of
strength, but both closed at net losses. There
was. some large buying of United States
Leather, but its gain was not maintained.
Omaha preferred, which last sold at IS7>, was
offered at IS3 and from that down to 176 with
out takers. St. Paul preferred sold illy '.it
171 and later at 16J.
The bond man.et seems rather weaker than
has been the case up to this time, reflecting
the high prevailing rates for money. Th- situa
tion in the money market showed very little
change, loans being made as high as' 19 per
cent, and as low as 6 per cent. .The majority of
loans were made at from 6 to 8 per cent. Gold
shipped from Europ>e. ls now in New York
vaults and no more is to be expected for the
present from that source. It was reported that
the Treasury Department had decided to antici
pate the November 1 payment of Interest, as
was done last year, but no announcement of
such di cisic.n came from Washington.
The detailed statement of New York banks
on Saturday showed more than half the mem
bers of the; clearing-house are still 1" low the
legal reserve limit and the necessary conse
quence was a further calling of ioans. Hanks
in the West and even in Canada are reported
to be placing call loans on the Stock Exchange.
By the calling of loans by New York banks,
which thus made necessary the putting up of
the call loan rate in New York, the Western
banks are getting the advantage of the higher
rate for their surplus funds, which are placed
In Wall street. Earlier in the season Wall
street expected to be relieved from the usual
pressure for crop moving money on account of
the large reserves in Western banks. But the
latter have found a more profitable method of
conducting operations. Sterling exchange eas-^.l
off in sympathy at' Paris and Berlin, but held
rtlff in New York for demand bills and cables
The bond market was dull and weak. Totai
sales, par value, ii.sw.oco. ■
United States bonds were unchanged In bid
quotaticms.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sh - a " s „ . _. Closing
Sold. Stocks— Hid
_ 42') Atchison 2U%
17,471 Atchison prefd ' <;2u.
Baltimore and Ohio .'98%
300 Canadian Pacific !U
• Canadian Southern " K»tt
250 Central Pacific " r s il
1,005 Chesapeake and Ohio '..'. 25
1,500 Chicago Great Vs'estern 14
7,550 Chicago, Burlington and Quincy..!!i29%
200 Chicago. Ind and Louisville 10%
......... Chicago, Ind and Louisville prefd.. 43'
3ao Chicago and East Illinois 96*.
550 Chicago and Northwestern 164
280 Chicago. Rick Island and Pacific... 112%
1,400 C C C & St Louis „,;
100 Colorado Southern .['[" si/5 i/
Colorado Southern Ist prefd.!!!!!" 44%
Colorado them 2d prefd l",-;
1'" Delaware and Hudson "l.'-.
2,-00 Dataware Lack and Western .... "".57%
50 Denver and Rio Grande " 20*;
. 200 D.-nver and Rio. Grande prefd..!." 741!
Erie " - (
17.0 Erie Ist prefd : .-V
2,221 Great Northern prefd """-idtu.
320 Hocking Coal if (7
160 Hocking Valley "" jo-J
200 Illinois Central 112
lowa Centra] 13*4
lowa Central prefd £6%
' 100 Kans City Pitts and lull 8
— Lake Erie and Western 18 %
100 Lake Erie and Western prefd 79%
Lake Shore 200
21,810 Louisville and Nashville 80%
5.250 Manhattan L . . .- 107%
312 Metropolitan Street Railway 195%
400 Mexican Central 14
100 Minn and St Ljuls 72
120 Minn and St Louis prefd 95
700 Missouri Pacific 44
200 Mobile and Ohio 45
Missouri, Kan and Texas 12' 4
3'io Missouri, Kan and Texas prefd .. 39
750 New Jersey Central 119%
•30 New York Central 134%
1.650 Norfolk and Western 24-
-1.110 Norfolk and Western prefd «S%
4.270 Northern Pacific -2
2,'.'Sl Northern Pacific prefd 74%
412 Ontario and Western 24%
Oregon Railway and Nay 42 j
Oregon Railway and Nay prefd — 75
3.213 Pennsylvania 131 I
320 Reading 21%
3.570 Reading Ist prefd Es%
200 Reading 2d prefd 32%
Rio Grande Western 37%
Rio Grande Western prefd 80%
St Louis and San Fran 10% J
St L and San Fran Ist prefd 69
300 St L and San Fran 2d prefd 35%
930 St Louis. Southwestern 13
;1,850 St Louis, Southwestern prefd 32%
8,775 St. Paul 124-n
400 St Paul prefd 169%
St Paul and Omaha 20
62,450 Southern Pacific 37%
950 Southern Railway 11%
2.7U0 Southern Railway prefd 52
100 Texas and Pacific 18%
2.500 Union Pacific 43%
2.702 Union Pacific prefd 75%
Wabash 7% ;
400 Wabash prefd 21% j
565 Wheeling and L E 11% !
510 W and L E 2s prefd 30%
Wisconsin Central 17%
P C.C & Si L.vis- 73^
Express Companies—
Adams 114
American 148
United States 50%
Wells Fargrv 130
Miscellaneous—
425 American Cotton Oil 44%
American Cotton Oil prefd 94
100 American Malting 15
American Malting prefd 65
455 American Smelting & Refining 37
350 American Smelting & Iter prefd.... S6
American Spirits 5
American Spirits prefd 22
2.500 American Steel Hoop 4.'!%
200 American Steel Hoop prefd 84%
26,067, American Steel & Wire 52%
1.300 American Steel <SL- Wire prefd. ...... 96%
100 American Tin ' Plate SS 1 *
100 American Tin Plate prefd 85%
10,980 American Tobacco 1211
--275 American Tobacco prefd 146
1.450 Anaconda Mining Co 49%
25.3J5 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S7V.
915 Colorado Fuel & Iron 55%
2,300 Continental Tobacco 42%
C 24 Continental Tobacco p>refd 93
17.41" Federal Steel 544
2,600 Federal Steel prefd 77%
100 General Electric 11SV*
Glucose Sugar 6!
Glucose Sugar prefd 107
500 International Paper 25% i
700 International Paper prefd 7! !
100 Laclede Gas 65
270 National Biscuit 43%
100 National Biscuit prefd 97
2.')" National Lead 3'%
National Lead prefd 11"
SW National Steel 51%
160 National Steel prefd 95
75 New York Air Brake 1."6
520 North American 12%
SOO Pacific Coast ..118
Pacific Coast Ist prefd S2
200 Pacific Coast 2d prefd 6'!%
'970 Pacific Mail 39V.
5.110 People's Gas 109%
200 Pressed Steel Car 58
21<> Pressed Steel Car prefd SS%
2.137 Pullman Palace Car IS9
Son Standard Rope & Twine 7
16,490 Sugar 141
Sugar prefd 116
2.170 Tennessee Coal & Iron 115%
52,47.1 United States Leather 14%
540 United States Leather prefd 771;
310 United States Rubber 17%
United States Rubber prefd 115
245 Western Union 87%
1,250 Republic Iron &• Steel 26%
320' Republic Iron & Steel prefd 72
322,000 total sales.
CLOSING BONDS.
I" S 2? Reg 100 'M X & T 2ds 6914
r S r:= reg 107%JM X & T 4s '.'2',
IT S 3a coupon 10S% N V Central 15t, .11!%
I" S new Is reg 129% N J Cent gen 55.. .119
IT S new 4s c0up0n. 123% N Carolina 6s 127
IT S old 4s reg ill X Carolina 4s 104
IT S old 4c coupon. .ll2 N Pacific . -ts 113
I" S 5s reg 111 1 . X Pacific 3s 65%
1" s 7s coupon 111 1 X Pacific 4- 101%
Dist of C 3.655. ...117 N V C & St L 45.104
Alabama class A. .110 X & V con 4s 92
Alabama class 15. 110 X & W gen 6s 135
Alabama class C..103 L>r Nay Ists 115
Alabama Currency. 100 Or Nay 4s 102%
Atchison gen 45. .. 98% pr Short Line 6s. .126%
Atchison adj 45.. --:-- pr Short L con ss. 113%
Tanada So 2ds 108% Reading Gen 45.... F6%
fhes & Ohio 4'_s.. '■'.'; l: G W 1.-ts 97 1 *.
"hes .-. Ohio 55. ...US ft I. & I M con 85.109%
(' & X W Con 75.. 115 .-: L & I M gen i 15.123%
C & NWSFdeb7s..llo St Paul cons 175"
(hlcago Term 45.. 97% j-t P C & p 15t5. ..120
D & R G Ists 103: .-' p c & P 75.... 120%
Do 4s SS% |4o 'Railway 55.. . 108%
E T Va & <1 15t5..102% := I. & T 6s Sz
Erie General li .. 7" , (Term new set 35... 91
I" WA: D C Ists.. 78 ■:" & 1' Ists 1!.".
General Eli 58 .. 116 IT & 1' 2ds 56
li II & S A 'Is 108 (Union Pacific 45.. .103%
15 H & S A 2ds 108 , Wabash Ists 116
II & T C 5s 110% Wabash 2ds 100%
H & T C con 65. .108 ; West Shore 4s 112
lowa Central Ists. ll3 '.Vis Cent Ists 76%
X C P & G Ist?... 71 Pa Centuries 85
La new cons 4s 106 f.'a Deferred 5
I. & X unified la 99% C & - 4.. 85%
MINING STOCKS.
I'hollar 20 Ontario 8 12
Crown Point 50 Ophir 90
Con Cal & Va 1 7" Plymouth 08
Deadwood 70, Quicksilver 2 50
Gould & Curry 35 1 Do prefd 650
Hale & Norcros*... 30 Sierra Nevada 65
Homestake 65 00 Standard 3 00
Iron Silver G3;Unton Con.. 35
.Mexican Y'diow Jacket 25
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 93
('all loans 5%fJ6% Do prefd 114
Time loans s@fi Westgh Elec 48
Stocks — I Do prefd 67%
At- li Top & 5 F.. 2«%; Bonds-
Do prefd 62 Atchison 4s 98
Am Sugar 14;'. Mining Shares
Do prefd 117 Adventure 07
Bell Tel .170 Allouez Mln C 0.... 05%
Boston & Albany.. 2so Atlantic 28 "
Boston I. 107 Boston & M0nt... .361
Boston & Maine. ..2oo Butte & Boston 80
>' B & Q Calumet & Hec1a..790
Ed Elec 111 20S Centennial 34
Fitchburg prefd. ..US j Franklin 17%
Gen Electric lis 'Humboldt 01%
Do prefd 139 ! Osceola 68%
Federal Steel 64% Parrot 47
Do prefd 78% l)utncy 156
Mcx Central 13%' Santa Fe Copper.. 12%
Old Colony 206 Tamarack 228
Old Dominion 82% Winona 09%
Rubber 47% j Wolverines 41%
Union Pacific 4 Utah 38%
Union Land 5%!
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 9.— Money on call, easier
at 6fil9 per cent; last loan, 8 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 5 : - •■/>', per cent. Sterling ex
change firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 S6%t&fS6% for demand and at $4 Sl%ii>
482 for sixty days Posted rates. $482%@48J
and $456%®487. Commercial bills, $480% Sil
ver certificates, 58<g59c. Bar silver, 58% c. Mex
ican dollars. 48c.
Government bonds, steady; State bonds, In
active; railroad bonds, weak.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. ..-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The general tone of the markets here. to-day
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY,
was fairly cheerful, but trading was not on
a large scale because of the settlement which
begins to-morrow. The better feeling was
caused by the hopes of peace in the Trans
vaal Inspired by the attitude of the resident
of the Orange Free State and the news that
the Boers on the border are tired of waiting
and are retiring, leaving only sentries in their
places. Good Board of Trade returns and an
easing market for money helped the markets
considerably, Consols were up >* to 103%.
Americans developed strength steadily, but
closed somewhat under the best, affected prob
ably by the receipt of New York prices under
those in London, It was a great Louisville
and Nashville day. and the boomers of the
stock are talking 120 for it. Atchison preferred
and Northern Pacific were also in good de
mand. Spanish 4s were 60%: TintOS, 47'j. Ana
condas, 10 3-16. Portuguese securities were up
% on the rumors that England has arranged
for taking Delagoa Ray. • I
The bank bought £72,000 gold In German coin,
£27,000 In French and £06.000 in bars, but
£50,000 was taken for Egypt.
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 9.— Canadian Eiciflc. 94%;
Union Pacific preferred, 7*'-.,; Northern Pacific
preferred, 76%; Atchison, 21%; Grand Trunk.
74: Anaconda, 10 1 ,. liar Silver steady, 26 13-16 d.
Money, 3 per cent.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21. '.'21 barrels: exports, 9821. Sales. 7000 pack
ages. Low grade were offered sparingly, while
medium and the better crades were offered
more freely at unchanged prices. The market
closed slightly irregular Minnesota patents.
$3 ?5f?4 25; Minnesota bakers', $353 13; winter
patents, $3 60f<3 SO; winter straights, $3 40*3
3 55; winter extras, $2 45f/3; winter low grades,
$2 25 5 2 40.
Will-: AT— Receipts, 252,525 bushels: exports.
139,827: Spot, weak; No. 2 red, ; \'' f. o. b.
afloat spot: No. 1 Northern Uuluth. SO% c. f.
o. b. afloat to arrive (new); No. 1 hard Duluth,
83c to arrive; No. 2 red. 75% c elevator. Op
tions opened steady but quiet at '■*■■ advance
and further advanced 1 .-- on better early cables
than expected. Subsequently the market turned
easier in the absence of speculation, the Chi
cago market being closed, later cables being
unsuccessful, and the visible supply, partly
estimated, showing a larger increase than had
been looked lor. The close was weak at a
net decline of %_: March. SOVrtSO^e, closed
SOHc; May, 80%@ , 80 7-16 c, closed »■■-• . October,
74\fi74 ;,c, ' closed 7 ; V; December, 77 l-lGg
77 7-16 i . closed 77'sC.
1!' PS Dull.
HIDES Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
METALS— The course of events in the Metal
Exchange to-day was anything but interest-
Ing. Neither buyers nor sellers showed a dis- I
..... into active new deals, the |
single change in prices consisting of an ad- ,
vance of 15 points In tin. this being more or less j
nominal, as there were no sellers at the higher j
price named. The foreign news averaged up no j
better nor worse than expected; the same was
true of domestic • reports. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants nominal at $18.
LAKE COPPER— Very quiet at $1S 00.
TlN— Very quiet at $3 25 bid.
LEAD— Very quiet, with $4 60 bid an.; $4 63
asked. The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and
for copper $1S 37%ft1S 50.
SPELTER— Very quiet, with $5 45 bid and
$5 55 asked. V i
COFFEE -Options eased off at the close un- |
der profit taking. October 10c lower, others 5
points higher to 5 net lower. Sales, 37,000 bags, I
including: October, $4 50@4 60; November.
$4 C,; December. $4 S5; January, $1 55f.4 90 j
February. $5; March, $5 nr.fi s 10 May, $515©
5 25; June, $5 30; July. $5 27.f(5 30. Spot coffee-
Rio, firmer: No. 7 Invoice, 5%c; No. 7 Jobbing,
6Hc: mild. firm.
SUGAR— Raw, unsettled and nominal; re
fined, unsettled and inactive.
HITTER- Receipts, Sfi"o packages. Strong;
Western creamer. ,17 creamery, 19f7'22c;
factory. 14ft 16c.
EGGS-rßeceipta. 7577 packages. Firmer; West
ern ungraded at mark. 15f?19c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 7%c;
prime "ire tray, 7VittTS\_c; choice, SHS'Jc;
fancy T'fift'ie.
l-'RCNKS— 3%fjSc.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 12@13Hc; Moorpark, 1443 j
16c. i
PEACHES— 7-ifJDe.
New York Grain and Produce.
Foreign Futures.
« — $ |
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec. Mar. May. |
Opening 6 2 6 3>-_ 6 3%
Clcsing 6 1% 6 2% 6 3% ;
PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 18 95 19 90 1
Closing IS 95 19 90 j
Flour-
Opening 24 70 25 90 I
Closing 2155 25 77.
Notice to Mariners.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 9.— CATTLE— demand!
for cattle was fairly large, to-day with the ;
call principally for the better classes. Good
to fancy Cattle brought $5 90@7; medium grades
were salable at $1 oO'.tS 85; stockers and feed
ers. S3S/4 90; bulls, cows and heifers. $2@5 25;
common to prime calves sold at i?t'i7; grass
range cows, heifers and steers at $2 85*55 10;
Texas grass steers brought $2 35(g 4 30.
HOGS— The run of Hogs was exceptionally
light. Prices were steady save for common
packers. Prime lots brought $4 10Tf5 75; mixed
lots, $4 30tg'4 75; light Hogs, $4 40-?i4 77%; pigs.
$4<fi-l 70; culls and rough lots, $1 50ff4.
SHEEP— The requirements of the Sheep mar
ket were limited. Trains were late and trade
over before noon. Sheep were taken at $2@4,
Western range Sheep selling at $4. Lambs
were wanted at $3 50@5 30. Feeding Sheep were
salable at $3 50SW 75, and feeding Lambs at j
$4 30W4 60. Western Sheep and Lambs com
prised the ..bulk of the offering's.
Receipts— Cattle, 20,000; Hogs, 23,000; Sheep,
22,000.
it. _--_ ♦
California Fruit Sales.
I
c »
NEW YORK. Oct. 9.— Porter Bros. Company
sales of California fruit to-day:, Grapes-
Tokays. SOoiftJl 15 half crate and $1 90@? 20
double crate: ■ ', mictions, $1 2."."i. 1 37. half crate;
Muscats, 85c4.5l 80; assorted. $1 10@1 30; Moroc
co, $1 ■*'"!' 1 90. Nine cars sold.
NEW YORK, Oct. 9.— Earl Fruit Company's
sales: Grapes— Tokays, 70c®l 1" single crates.
Peaches— Sal way, $17" box. Bartletts,
$2 40@2 80 box. Prunes— ltalian, $1 15@1 20
single crates. _
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. net . To-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $289,074, 226; gold reserve, j
$256,709,540.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. -Consols, 103%; silver,
20 13-I6d; French rentes, lOOf SOc; wheat car
goes oft coast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, firm, not active; cargoes No. 1 standard
California. 31s 6d; English country markets,
firm; Import into U. X.. wheat, 368,000; Import
into I*. X.. flour, 263.000; wheat and flour on
passage to IT. X.. 1,970,000; wheat and Hour on
passage to Continent. 1.350.000.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 9.— Wheat, firm; wheat In
Paris, weak: flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands, 4d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western winter
firm. 6s Id: No. 1 northern spring, firm. 6s 4 1.
Futures, steady, 6s l%d. March, 6s 2%d; May,
6a .".'-. d.
CORN— American mixed new, firm 3s
9%d; do old, firm. 3s 9%d. Futures, quiet 'Oc
tober. 3s 9d; November, 3s S%d; December
3s S%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 9.— Hearings, $556,533
--balances, $118,014.
______________
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Oct. 9.— The continued firmness
In ships and the failure of the English Wheat
market to show any further advances have
caused local exporters to cut down their limits
slightly and Walla Walla was quoted today
at 58fg59c with heavy milling stock lc higher-
Valley was unchanged at 59fi60c. ,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. Wheat was weaker
to-day and the purchasing price wavered con
• . ..- . 
siderably. Receipts are heavy. The British ship
Drumblalr has finally been chartered to load
wheat here. Export quotations: Club, 59c; blue 1
stem, 61c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion. >
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — J* §J
Sterling Exchange, sight '. — *»7
Sterling Cables — * ?__/
New York Exchange, sight — *£%
New York Exchange, telegraphio — Jg_"
Mexican Dollars 48 48 v*
Fine Silver, per ounce — 5S 7»
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— There was a holiday at Chicago,
hence news from the East was scarce. New
York was dull and shaded off several fractions.
The foreign markets showed no particular
strength, and this market shaded oft in sym
pathy with New York. "__, „_.„
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07401 OS%; milling,
$1 1001 12%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second Session— 6ooo ctls, $1 1":: December,
6000. $1 13%.
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls,
■$1 18%; 2000, $1 18%: 2000, $1 18%; December—
4000. $1 13%; 11,000, $1 13. ?.
There was no afternoon session owing to the
death of Solomon Sweet.
BARLEY— Opened the week dull and un
changed, j" 
Feed, 75085 c; Brewing, 900974 c; Chevalier,
nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No session.
OATS— The market is still a dragging one and
quotations show no change. White. $1 000
1 224: Red, $10-49115; Black, 93%c©W 024.
CORN-Eastern large Yellow, $105; White
and mixed, $1 02401 05 per ctl.
RYE— i" -u'Jic per ctl. /
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 6003 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 4003 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 4003 50 per barrel for ex
tra. $3 2503 40 for bakers, and $2 2503 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal. $2 65, Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50: ex
tra Cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. $4 5004 7.;
oat Groats. $4 75- Hominy $3 2693-0; Buck
wheat Flour, $4©4 25: Cracked Wheat. $3 To:
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $6 5506 9.5; In sacks, $6 3506 75;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas.
$5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff
.
Bran and Middlings are both higher and firm
at the advance. Receipts of Hay continue
largely In excess of the demand and the mar
ket rules weak in consequence.
BRAN— 17 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SIS@2O per ton.
i-i.i.. .- i lib _■>-.. uiie.i Barley. $17 50*? 18 per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $2.1027: Jobbing. i
527 fZa; Cocoanut Cake. $20«21; Cornmeal.
$23 50024 50; Cracked Corn, $24025; Mixed Feed.
$16016 50: Cottonseed Meal, $2s per ton. .
HAY— Wheat. $7'oß 50 for common to good
and $909 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $60
8 60: oat. $608; Barley. $507: Island Barley, j
$505 60; Alfalfa, $507 per ton; Compressed. j
$6 5009.
STRAW— 2SO3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Dried Peas are lower and quiet.
Beans, with the excention of Pinks, rule (
firm, and Bayoa sold higher.
BEANS— Bayos, $1 9001 974: small white,
$2 2002 30: Large White, $1 9002: Pinks, $1 90 j
0/2; Reds St 75; Blackeye, $3®3 25: Butters, i
nominal; 'Limas. $4-": Pea, $2 1502 30; Red'
Kidneys, $2 1502 25 per ctl.
si.i.,'.- Jirown Mustard, 2Vfc«3*»: Yellow j
Mustard, 3%04c; Flax. nominal; Canary,
3'Ac per ib lor California and 4c for Eastern
Alfalfa, nominal. Hap-. 2%03c; Hemp. CM ■ .
Ttn-^thi- IWIUr.
DRIED PEAS -Niles, $1 3501 60; Green, $1 75
01 S3 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The summer Vegetables continue to advance
The summer Vegetables continue to advance ]
under scant arrivals. Sweet Potatoes are still
lower! No other changes.
POTATOES Hlvef kens. 60070 c: Early Rose.
405.50 c; Ru-rbnnks. ISifr7oc per r-tl: Salinas Bur- j
barks. 90C031 10: Oregon Burbanks, 75c: Sweet
Potatoes $1 for Blvers and $1 2". for Merced.
ONIONS— 6CO 7Sc per ctl: Pickle Onions. 500
75. 1.1 <ni
VEGETABLES— Green Peas. 24f.3c per lb:
String Beans, 1%03c: Lima Leans. 3%®4c; Cab
bage lO'ST.iTc: Tomatoes. 10025 c; Egg Plant.
40050cr Green Okra. per box: Dried I
Okra, 12% c per lb; Garlic, 2®3c; Green Pep- |
pers, 500 7.".c per box; Carrots. 30040 c per sack; j
Bay. Cucumbers. 35050 c: Pickles. $150 per '-tl j
for No. ! and "■• for No. 2: Summer Squash,
40030 c; Marrowfat Squash! $307 50 per ton:
Green Corn, $101 23 per crate and 10c©$l per
sack.
Poultry and Game.
Game still soils at a wide range, according to
condition. Most of it comes in spoiled.
With several cars of Eastern at hand, the
Poultry market is weak.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 15ffI16c for Gob
blers and 15010 c for Hens; Young Turkeys. 160 j
17c; Geese, per pair. $1 7502; Goslings, $1 75©-
Ducks. 'pr. for old and $4 6000 tor young;
Hens, $15003 50; Young Roosters, $4 5005 50;
Old Roosters, $4 5005: Fryers, $4: Broilers,
$3 2503 50 for large. $303 25 for small; Pigeons,
SI 2501 50 per dozen for old and $1 7602 27, for
Squabs.
GAME— Quail, $10160: Mallard. $4fJ7; Sprig,
$204; Teal. $204; Widgeon, $15002 50; Small
Duck. $1 5002; Doves, 60c per dozen; Hare.
$1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 23
for small: Gray Geese, $2 50: White. $1; Brant.
-1 50; English Snipe, $101 per dozen; Jack
Snipe. 73c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Both Butter and Eggs opened the week with
an advance, though recepits of Butter were
liberal. Cheese remained unchanged.
BUTTE..—
Creamery— Creamery. 27025 c; seconds,
25026 c.
Dairy— Fancy. 24 , ?.25c; good to choice, 22%'"
23% c store, nominal.
Pickled roll. _l-_. .i22'_c: firkin, _1021% c;
creamery tub. -_%023% c per lb.
Eastern. 17\*c for ladle packed.
CHEESE Choice mild new. lie; old, 100
10% c; Young America. 11011 %c; Eastern, 140
15c"
EGGS— Quoted at 22%027%c for store and 340
38c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 25@27%c for
selected, 23024 c for X" 1 and 20022%e for sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. .
The excessive heat of Sunday did considerable
damage to berries and some to grapes, ac
cording to reports received yesterday. Berries
came in cooked pnd table grapes advanced.
Tree fruits ru $ firm as a general thing.
Apples and Pomegranates being the only ex
ceptions. Figs. Peaches and Plums are scarce.
Melons advanced.
The steamer brought up 624 cases Mexican
Limes, which are selling at the new quotations.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 35050 c per box for common and 60.
osl for good to choice.
BERRlES— Blackberries, per chest;
Strawberries. $9010 per chest for small and
$1 6003 for large berries; -Raspberries. $3 6005
per chest; Huckleberries, 407 c per chest; Wis
consin Cranberries, $6 50 per bbl; Cape Cod
Cranberries, $8,
Grapes. 35050 c for Black, 40050 c for Muscat, I
40060 c for Tokay, 50060 c for Cornlchon; crates
sell 10015 c higher; Wine Grapes, 333025 per ton
for Zlnfandel, $20023 for other black and $150
20 for White.
Watermelons, $8015 per 100.
Cantaloupes, $10] 75 per crate; Nutmegs,
60c©$l 25 per box , . ,
Pomegranates— 3sosoc per box.
Pears, Bartlett, $1.5001 75 per box; Winter
Pears, 40075 c per box.
Figs. 764986 c per box for double layers of
black.
Peaches. 6Ocosl per box.
Plums, 60.(931 per box and crate.
Quinces, 40065 c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons. $102 for com
mon and $304 for good' to choice: Mexican
Limes, $707 50; California Limes, $101 50; Ba
nanas, $1 5002 60 per bunch; Pineapples, ji((j>
250 Der dozen. ' ■ :..■/,■
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
There was nothing new yesterday. Trade
continued brisk in almost everything. The'
range in Prunes is very' narrow, owing to the
running of the crop to large sizes. Small
Prunes alone bring a premium this year, being
very scarce.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, In sacks, 4%05c for
40-50" s, 4%c for . 60-60' s, 3%c for 60-70' s,
3%c for 70-80' s, 3®3%c for 80-90' and
24@2%c for 90-100's; Apricots, 10011 c for
Royals, 14015 c for Moorparkß and 120
12% c for Blenheims; Peaches, 606 c for Stand
ards, 6%07c for choice and 7%08c for fancy;
peeled Peaches, 11012 c; Evaporated Apples, 6
06% c; Sun-dried. 4<&»c per lb; Nectarines, 7%
osc per lb for red and B©9c for white; Pears'
607 c for quarters and 7%©9 c for halves; Black
Figs, 3c: White Figs, 6©6% c: Plums, 5%@6c for
dark and 707% c for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice, 9c; standard, 8c; prime. 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
OCTOBER 10, 1899.
Fancy, per lb, B%c: choice. 7%c; standard, 6%c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas, sc; Seedless,
60-lb boxes, 6c; 2-crown loose Muscatels. 6%c;
3-crown, 6c; 4-crown, 6%c; London Layers, 2
crown $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50; Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Walnuts, S'.ic for standards and B%c
for softshell: Almonds, lOt-011%c for paper
shell 809 c for soft and 405 c for hardshell:
Peanuts, 5%06%cf0r Eastern and 5c for Cali
fornia; Brazil Nuts, 84@9c; Filberts, ll@ll%c;
Pecans 7%©Sc; Cocoanuts. $4 5005.
HONEY— Comb, 114 c for bright and 10% c for
light amber; water white extracted. 7%®7%c;
light amber extracted, 64@7c;< dark, 54- per
lb.
BEESWAX— 24O26c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams have advanced %c. No other changes.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per lb .or heavy,
9%@10c for light medium, ll%c for light, 13c for
extra light and 13% c for sugar-cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14c; California Hams, 13% c;
Mess Beef, $11 per bbl; extra Mess, $12 M. Fam
ily, $14; extra Prime Pork, $12 60; extra clear.
$16 60; mess. $15015 60; Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at 606% c per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c: 10-lb tins, S&c; 5-lb tins, 9c. .
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 6%07%c per lb. .
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 11011% c; medium. 10% c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, BV&filOc; Stags, 6c; Salted Kin. 9d: Calf.
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c; Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings. 20030 c each; short
Wool 564980 C each; medium. 70090 c; long Wool,
9Ocosl 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $202 25 for
large and $1 2501 60 for small. Colts, 25©50 c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4%05c per lb; No.
2, 4@4%c; refined, : grease. 202% c.
WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon. 17018 c;
Eastern Oregon. 12@14c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— San Joaquin Lambs, 8010 c: do
plains. 708 c; San Joaquin and Southern Moun
tain. 7409 c; Northern free, 9011 c; do, defect
ive. 7'.'i?lo" per lb.
HOPS— Quoted at 10012 c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6%©7 c
for Cows.
VEAI-— 7@loc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c: Ewes, 6%07c
per lb.
LAMB— Spring. 80S%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. S%O*%C for small. 6%c for
medium and 5%06%c for large: stock hogs and
Feeders, 54@&4c; dressed Hogs. 7©B%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Hags. 7@7%c; Wool
Macs. 26(ff2Sc: Fruit Bags, 5%c. DV.c and
6c for three grades of white and 7@7%c for
bleached Jute.
Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle. {6;
Bryant, 16, Coo* Bay. $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland. $9 50 In bulk and $10 75
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $12,
''anni-' W p»<- ton' Bock Springs and <"~-tl«»
Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in
sacks
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes terms pet each In 10<i-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, 5%c; randy Granulated. sc; Dry Granu
lated. 4 7 «c: Confectioners' A, 4%c: California
A. — : Magnolia A. 4%c: Extra C, 4%c; Gulden
C, 4\4c: barrels. l-16e more; half barrels. %c
more; boxes, %c more: 50-lb bags, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its |
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes
57,;. ,- r>o- IK
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at 165,
--4 SI bags, against 127,608 for the same time last
year. The sales from first hands were 144.655
bags, against 100.124. The stock In first hands
October 1 was 17.::.l bags, against 24,316 last j
year, and the world's visible supply was 8,036,-t
.'ii bags, against 6.905.233. The circular says:
"The activity noted In our review of Septem
ber 7 has subsided and business is now very
quiet. Costa Rlcas have all been absorbed and
the light stocks of other kinds is of a generally j
undesirable character. Dealers' stocks are, |
however, heavy and well assorted and for this
reason a sluggish business may be anticipated j
until the advent of new crop coffees.
"Stocks In flrsl hands consist of 26. bags ;
Costa Rlca, 1100 Nicaragua, 6103 Salvador, 8780 t
Guatemala and 371 Mexican; In all 16,622 bags
as against 22,466 bags same time last year."
We quote: Ccsta Rica -V.'.'-fi for [Time .
washed; 11@12%c for good washed; 11%f115c for
good to prime washed peaberrj ; 9%@11c for good
to prime peaberry; 9*5 12 c for good to prime; 8®
9',4C nominal for ' good current mixed with
black beans; S<??B%c for fair; 5@7%c for common
to ordinary. Salvador— 9'Sll%c for good to
prime washed; 7%srS%c for fair washed; 9%i??
ll%e fur good to prime washed peaberry; 7-V'i '■
S%c for good to prime semi-washed; 7%@ '
B',-ic for superior unwashed; 7%c for [
good green unwashed; 8%@9%C for good to I
prime unwashed peaberry; stf>6%c for common |
to ordinary'- Nicaragua— l4©l6%c for prime to j
fancy washed: B@llc for fair to good washed; I
7%@7%c nominal for good to superior un
washed; 8%©9% c nominal for good to prime un- ;
washed peaberry. Guatemala and Mexican— l 2 ,
@>15% C for prime to fancy washed: 9@llc for |
good to strictly good washed; B@B%c for fair |
washed: 7i?f7%c for medium: 4®6%c for inferior :
to ordinary: 10@ll%c for good to prime washed ;
peaberry; S%if?9%c for good to prim- unwashed
peaberry; 7%@8%c for good to superior un- j
washed.
LUMBER— Shipment of 26,611 feet sugar pine,
77,773 feet yellow pine and 83,885 feet redwood
to SvdnPv.
SALMON Shipment of 893 bbls and 1214 half
bbls to Sydney.
Receipts of Produce.
MONDAY. October 9—4 p. m.
I Flour, qr sks 6.65S Bran, sks 1,550
Wheat, etls 2.630 Shorts, sks 470
j Barley, ctls 22.300 Middlings, sks.... 290
I Oats, .-Us 1,110 Sugar, sks 2,020
Corn, ctls 686 Sugar, bbls 3,477>
Rye, ctls 590 Raisins, bx 1,400
. Butter, etls 128 Quicksilver, Asks. 35
! Cheese, ctls 26 Hides, No. 23)
Tallow, ctls 216 Hay, tons 1,195
Eggs, d"Z 5.010 Straw, tons is
Wine, gals 57,850 Hops, bales 23
Pelts, b.lls 2.951 Wool, bags 333
! Potatoes, sks 3,972 Beans, sks 4,374
; Onions, sks 2 225
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 1.035 Wool, bales 32
j Potatoes, sks 2" 1 '
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was an active business In securities
on the morning session, though fluctuations
were not sharp. Paauhau Plantation was
firm at $30 37% and Giant Powder at $79 12%.
Contra Costa Water was lower, declining to
$68 124.
The feeling was generally firm in the after
noon under a good business, with higher prices
for Giant Powder,
Mining stocks were unsettled at the open
ing and ran down on the noon session under
active selling. The telegram from the pump
said: "Took out No. 2 elevator. Put en new
throat piece and new neck pipe and low
ered the elevator 163 feet below the 1950-foot
level station. This is 23 feet lower than the
previous lowering. Started No. 2 elevator at
4:50 p. m. yesterday. It has been running
successfully. At 6:30 this morning the water
is 77 leet 9 inches below the 1950-foot level
; station. Stopped No. 1 elevator at 4:50 p. m.
yesterday."
I Con. Imperial has levied an assessment of
1 cent and Mexican one of 15 cents.
The Eureka Con. assessment falls delinquent
in office to-day.
The Kilauea Sugar Company will pay the |
second dividend' of 25 cents per share on the ,
16th.
The semiannual coupon of $3 on the bonds
of the Sierra Railway Company is now pay
able.
Dividends of local corporations will be paid
to-day as follows: Pacific Gas Improvement
Company, 40 cents; Giant Powder Company,
60 cents; San Jose Water Company, 50 cents;
Paauhau Sugar Company. 35 cents.
The following mining companies report cash
on hand October 1: Alpha Con., $3407; Alta.
$190. with $1000 due the bank: Andes, $132. and
an assessment being collected; Best & Belcher,
$454, with September expenses at the mine un
paid, and an assessment being collected;. Bul
lion. $1169, and an assessment being collected:
Caledonia, $4496; Chollar, $11,155: Challenge
Con., $2863; Con. Imperial. $394; Consolidated
California & Virginia, $1815, with September
expenses partly paid, 34000 due the bank and
an assessment being collected; Confidence.
$1979, with September expenses unpaid; Crown
Point, $2865, with September expenses at mine
estimated at 3605 unpaid; Con. New York. $175;
Exchequer, $165; Gould & Curry, $Sl9l, with an
assessment being collected; Hale & Norcross,
3950, with liabilities of $1755 and an assessment
being collected; Julia Con., $890: Justice, $1130;
Mexican, $356: Ophlr, $1837: Overman, $5807,
with September mine expenses unpaid and an
assessment being collected: Potosl, $11,424, and
an assessment being collected: Scorpion, $30;
Savage, $6511: Seg. Belcher, $738, with an as
sessment being collected; Silver Hill, $175;
Sierra Nevada, $6173: Standard Con., $131,304,
with statements of September bullion clean-up
and expenses to be received; Syndicate, $1643;
Union Con., $12,518; Utah Con., $2369.
The report of the Con. f'al. & Va. mine for
the week ending October 7 is as follows: 1400
level— Advanced the' south drift from the west
drift from the shaft IS feet; total length, 25
feet: it is In clay, quartz and porphyry. 1650
level— Necessary repairs are being made. 1750
level— From the west drift from the main north
west drift the south drift on the sill floor has
been cleaned out and timbered 36 feet: total
length, 298 feet. 1800 level— The south drift was
extended 14 feet: total length, 356 feet. There
ls now more quartz mixed with the porphyry
than heretofore. West crosscut 1, started from
the south drift 80 feet south from the winze
station, has been advanced 11 feet through hard
porphyry; total length. 171 'feet, i West crosscut
2 from the south drift. 160 -feet south of the
winze station, was advanced during the week
19 feet; total length, 38 feet. It continues In a
quartz formation of low assay value. Main
shaft— been taking out old water boxes
in the pump compartment from the 1000 level
station to the surface. Have made repairs to
the 1000 level station close to the shaft, as It
was In bad condition. The water is to-day
(Saturday) 24 feet 6 Inches below the 1950 level
station. From 7 a. m. Sunday to 7:30 a. m.
Monday prospecting work In the mine was sus
pended. The same course will be followed here
after.
In the Chollar and Potosi mines the joint west
tunnel has been advanced during the week 33
feet; total length, 638 feet; face in porphyry.
It has connected with the lateral drift on the
100 level, affording a good circulation of air and
opening a considerable extent of ground for
future crosscuttlng. They are repairing on the
main tunnel level. On the tunnel level, at a
point in the south drift 230 feet south from the
north line, west crosscut 1 was extended 18
feet; total length, 45 feet; face In quartz as
saying from $2 to $3 per ton. Sutro tunnel
level— The Zadig drift has been advanced 13
(-it during the week; total length. 1094 feet;
face continues in hard porphyry.
The report from the Ophir mine reads as fol
lows 1 Ophir shaft— bob pit on the SOO level
ls about stripped. Repair work to the shaft has
been continued. 1000 level— At a point 450 feet
west of the north drift we are working through
a cave in this drift Central tunnel— The Joint
Mexican west crosscut was advanced 6 feet;
total, IS2 feet: through hard porphyry. The
Joint east crosscut has been timbered so that
work can be resumed In the face. Repairs in
main west drift have been finished. Sutro tun
nel connection— The direct connection drift has
been advanced 21 feet; total length. 494 feet;
face in vein porphyry and clay. The ground
has to be timbered. The north drift was ad
vanced 13 feet; total length. 25 feet; face In a
well-defined 4-foot vein of quartz and porphyry.
The winze was sunk 7 feet; total depth. 22
feet. The bottom Is In a more regular vein
formation containing an Increasing quantity of
quartz as depth Is attained. We are now
sinking the winze with three shifts of men and
using machine drills.
In the Sierra Nevada mine, on the 140 level,
they have completed repairs In the south
drift and resumed' work in the face. West
crosscut 1. from the south drift from a point
- 236 feet south from the main west crosscut,
I has been extended IS feet; total length. 94 feet;
face In clay, porphyry and quartz. 900 level-
West crosscut 7. from the north lateral drift
from a point 150 feet north from west crosscut
6 and 700 feet north from the. Sierra Nevada
shaft, was advanced 15 feet; total length, 119
feet; face In porphyry and gypsum.
' *-,:•' :■•■-■■
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, October 9—2 p. m.
_ _. _ Bld.Ask. I Bid.Ask.
U 8 Bonds— Mutual El Co. 15 —
Is quar coup.. — — OG L & H.... 49 —
4s quar reg.... — — Ac Gas Imp.. — 66%
4s quar new... — 131% a c L Co 41 —
3s quar coup.. 108%109 SF G & E.... 64% —
Miscellaneous— San Fran — 2%
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 65.. 108 109 Insurance-
Ed L & P bs.l-t) — . Firem's Fund.22s —
F & Cl Ry 65. 114 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal 63 67
H C& S 5^3.106 — Bank of Ca1. .38154400
L A Ry 55. ...105%— Cal SD & T.. 97 Vi
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First Nation!.. — 245
D gntd 65.. 99 — Lon P & A. ...128% —
Do gntd 55.. — — Mer Exchange — 16
L A & P R -8.103 — Nev Nat 8n...153%190
; Market-st 6s. .128 V.129 '■ Savings Banks
' Do Ist M 55. 115 — Ger S & L...1650 1750
; N C N G R 75. 112 — ; Hum S & L..1.5U 1160
Nlt of Cal 65. 114 — Mut Say 8k... — 42%
jNR of Cal 55. 113 — S F Say U....500 —
! N : 1- i' R I. Ks.l'iS 108 iSav & L 50... — 82%
NPC R R .810634 — Sec Say 8k... — 310
: N Cai R H ss.ni — Union T C 0.1400 1440
O G L& H 55.105% — I Street Railroads-
Oak Trans 65. 11 l 111% ! California ....120 —
jCm c Rv as.. — — I Geary 50 —
1 P & Cl Ry 65. .1061.108 Market-st 63% —
,Pk& OHy 6s. 115 - I Oak SL& H. - 50
Powell-st R6s. — 121% ! Presidio 25 30
I Sac El O&K5s. — - Powder—
S F & N P 55.114 111% California ....150 165
'SR & S JV55.114%115 F Dvnamlte .. 85 —
£Ry of Cat 65.-ÜB--. — Giant Con Co. 79% 80 "
S P of A 65.... — 113% Vlgorlt 2% 2%
! S P C 65(1905). — — ! Sugar—
iS P C 65(1906). — — Hana P C 0.... 14% 14%
j S P C 6s(11912)117%118 Haw C&S Co 96% -
ISV(7 Is eg .>s.i ■■.-_ — Honokaa S Co 34% 8514
iSPBr 6s 122>i122% Hutch S P Co. 30 30%
I S V Wat 65. ..114 114%;Kllauca S Co.. — 29
| S V w 45.... 103% — I Makawell SCo 48% 50
1 S V W 4s(3dm)101%101% Onomea S Co. 38% 40
' Stktn Gas 65.. — 110 ! Paauhau S Co. 36% "','_
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
j Contra Cost... 68% 68% Al Pac Assn..llS 120
I Mann County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. - PlO
i Spring Valley. lol 101% Oceanic S Co.. 87 88
i Gas and Electric— Pac A F A... 1% —
1 Central Gas Co — — Pac C Bor Co. 145 —
l Cent L & P... 5 — Par Paint Co. 8% —
j Eqult G L Co. 5% 6
Morning Session.
Beard
25 Contra Costa Water 68 25
45 Contra Costa Water 68 12%
50 Giant Powder Con. s 90 '. 79 00
5 Giant Powder Con 7:'"'
5 Giant Powder Con 7:. 12%
114 Hana Plantation Co 14 00 .
; 200 Honokaa S Co 34 75
i 150 Makawell 48 50
I .13,000 Market Street Ry Ist Con 5s 115 50
1 $1000 Market Street Cable 6s 12S 75
I SICOO N P C R R 5s 107 50
I $25,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s 115 50
! 30 Oceanic SS Co 88 00
I ISO Paauhau S P Co 36 37%
I 20 Pacific Coast Borax 145 00
20 S I' Gas * Electric Co 64 75
j ?20,000 S V 4s (3d Mortgage) .' 101 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$1000 California Street Cable 117 00
165 Contra Costa Water 68 25
j 25 Contra Costa Water 68 12%
I 25 Giant Powder Con 79 00
I 50 Giant Powder Con 79 50
i 25 Giant Powder Con SO 00
15 Hana Plantation Co 14 12%
500 Honokaa 9 Co 34 75
50 Honokaa S Co, cash 7 3475
50 Hutchinson S P Co 30 25
380 Makawell 4.8 50
100 Makawell 48 62%
30 Market Street Railway 63 75
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
200 Paauhau S P Co 36 25
2SsPaaul.au S P Co 36 37%
10 Paauhau S P Co 36 50
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 46 62%
Street—
200 Vigor lt Powder 2 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
150 Equitable Gas 575
25 Giant Powder 78 25
30 Hutchinson Sugar 30 25
50 Makawell Sugar Co 49 00
70 S F Gas & Electric 64 75
10 S F Gas & Electric 64 62%
100 Vlgorit Powder 2 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Giant Powder 79 00
5 Giant Powder 7;, 1014
50 Hana Plantation 14 00 "
20 Pacific Coast Borax 144 00
25 Onomea Sugar Co 38 37%
10 Onomea Sugar Co 38 25
10 Oceanic S S Co ,] 87 75
$3000 Market Street Ry 6s 12S 50
$3000 Market Street Rv 5s 115 3714
200 Vlgorit Powder 2 50
20 S F Gas & Electric 64 87%
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in H>« San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 43 ; 100 Mexican .... 5% !
100 Best & Belcher 44 200 PotOSl .... 62
100 Chollar 44 200 Potosi " 61
100 Con Cal & Va..l 80 100 Savage ... . " ->s
100 Gould & Curry 42 j 300 Seg Belcher..." 05
100 Hale & Norcrs. 35 200 Union Con ... ii
100 Hale & Norcrs. 36'
Afternoon Session.
I 200 Belcher 23 800 Ophir '55
100 Belcher 22 100 Overman .'.' 20
50 Caledonia 70 100 Potosi ... ' ' 50
250 Con Cal & Va..l 75 100 Savage .. 28
: 400 Crcwn Point.... 18 I 800 Sierra Nevada' 69
200. Hale & Norcrs. 37 i 400 Union Con ' 38
100 Occidental 21 i "
1 Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday.
Morning Session.
\ 200 Best & Belcher 42 200 Overman 2'
100 Best & Belcher 43 550 Overman ' ' 20
1000 Bullion 05 [ 100 P,,tosi 59
i 50 Caledonia 74 1500 Potosi ... 62
1 300 Chollar 44 400 Potosi ."" 61
' 400 Chollar 43 200 Potosi 60
125 Con Cal & Va..l 75 900 Potosi " 59
300 Gould & Curry. 421 300 Savage .'.'.'.'.'.".' 26 I
( 200 Hale & Norcrs. 36 1 200 Sierra Nevada* 73
400 Mexican 37! 300 Sierra Nevada 74
200 Mexican 35 300 Sierra Nevada. 71
300 Occidental 22 400 Union Con . 42
; 400 Ophir 100 800 Union Con 41
: 300 Ophir 96 i 300 Yellow Jacket.. 28
, 200 Ophir 951
Afternoon Session.
' 500 Andes 12 100 Mexican 32
600 Belcher 22 100 Occidental '21
200 Best & Belcher. 40 600 Ophir 94
[ 50 Caledonia 70 200 Ophir 95
200 Chollar 41 200 Overman 20
100 Con Cal & Va..l 75 310 Potosi 59
, 200 Crown Point .. IS 100 Sierra Nevada. 69'
200 Gould & Curry. 39 200 Sierra Nevada. 7"
: 700 Hale « Norcrs. 36 200 Union Con... 3<
200 Hale & Norcrs. 37 300 Yellow Jacket.. 23
200 Mexican 33 (
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Ask. [ Bld.Ask
Alpha 04 06: Justice 08 09 j
Alta v. 05 06 Kentucky 03 05 :
; Andes 12 13 Lady Wash 01 02 '
; Belcher 22 23 Mexican 32 34
Best & Belcher. 38 39: Occidental 20 22 i
Bullion 05 06 Ophir 94 95
Caledonia 69 —Overman 19 20
f Chollar 40 42 Potosi 58 60
Challenge Con.. 32 33 Savage 27 .2s
Confidence .... 76 — Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal & Va..l 70 175 Peg Belcher .... 04 06
Con Imperial .. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 69 70 '
Crown Point .. 17 18 Silver Hill 02 03
Con New York. — 03 Standard 305 _
' E Sierra 'Nev.. 02 — Syndicate 06 ..I
Eureka Con ... — EO'St. Louis 07 — j
Exchequer ..... — 02! Union Con 38 39
Gould & Curry. 38 39 .Utah 12 13
' Hale & Norcrs. 37 3S Yellow Jacket. 28 30
Julia — 03!
! « '■ — «
Sun, Moon and Tide.
*■ __4
I United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
1 Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San i
AUCTION SALES
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
_-&_.-.'. JIBS-: '$&*. £_*
THIS DAY,
TUESDAY AT 11 O'CLOCK AT THE
ORMONDE RALE STABLES,
1517-1519 MISSION STREET,
BETWEEN ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH.
Of choice, Bound, well-broke young horses
just from the country. We will be pleased to
hitch and show the above stock In harness any
time up to day of sale.
S. WATKINS ft CO.. Auctioneers.
N. B. — Sales of horses direct from the country
1 every Tuesday at 11 a. m.
-
Francisco Pay. Published by official au-
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places."
TUESDAY. OCTOBER 10.
Sun rises 6:14
Sun sets 5.-3J
Moon sets 9:48 p. m.
0 Time ITimel Time Timet
£ ' 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. 1 IFt Ft.
» IH W ;L W: 'H W LWj
10 ... 4:19 4.4 8:46) 3.1 2:41 5.6 10:02—0.2
11 ... 5:25 4.5 10:021 3.2 3:49 5.2 11:06—0.1
12 ... 6:25! 4.81 11:20 3.0 5:08 5.1 1
LWHW L W H W
13 ... 0:05 0.1 7:14) 5.1 12:31 2.5 6:26! 5.0
14 ... 1:00 0.21. 7:56 5.3 1:85 1.9 7:36 5.1
15 ... 1:51 0.7, 8:36! 5.5 2:30 1.2 S:44| 5.1
1C ... 2:42' 0.81 9:1,1 5.S| 3:21| 0.6| 9:46] 5.2
NOTE— the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and, the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide fo the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States (Toast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign <—) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
— — ____"____- sss — — * *" -S- '"** ------- ____: :__-__-_ **^ **""
*> ■ — — -m.
Steamer Movements. x
« »
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. I From. I Due.
Aberdeen 'Portland Oct. 9
Luella [Tillamook Bay Oct. 10
Australia Honolulu Oct. 10
America Maru.JChlna and Japan |Oct. 10
Weeott IHumboldt JOct. 11
Areata COoa Hay Oct. 11
Santa Rosa (San Diego Oct. 11
North Fork IHumboldt 'Oct. 11
Samoa 'Humboldt 'Oct. 12
Washtenaw Tacoma Oct. 12
State of Cal IPortland Oct. 12
Empire Coos Pay lOct. 13
Coos Bay Newport (Oct. 13
Point Arena 'Point Arena Oct. 13
Bristol IDeparture Bay Oct. 13
Wellington Departure Bay Oct. 14
Tellus IDepartnre Bay Oct. 14
Pomona [Humboldt 'Oct. 14
Gaelic IChina and Japan Oct. 14
Queen 'Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 14
Corona 'San Diego Oct. 15
Crescent City... Crescent City Oct. 18
Columbia IPortland Oct. 17
Orizaba | New port Oct. 17
TO SAIL.
Steamer, I Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
Alliance .... Oregon Ports. 'Oct. 10, 10 am Pier 20
Columbia ..'Portland lOct. 10. 10 am Pier 24
A. Blanchrd Coos Bay [Oct. 11, 10 am Pier 13
Orizaba Newport Oct. 11. 9am Pier 11
Pomona IHumboldt Oct. 11. 2 pm'Pier 9
Luella [Tillamook Oct. 12 Pier 2
Weeott Hun:!"!!: Oct. 12, 2 pm Pier 13
Newburg Grays Harbor Oct. 12, 4 pm»
Areata Coos Bay [Oct. 13. 10 am Pier 13
Umatilla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Oct. 13, 10 am Pier 9
Santa Rosa. I San Diego Oct. 13. 11 am Pier 11
North Fork. 'Humboldt Oct. 14, 9 am Pier 2
Amer Maru|Chlna& Japan Oct. 14, 1 pmjPMSS
State Cal.-JPortland (Oct. 15, 10 am Pier 24
Coos 8ay.... Newport Oct. 15, 9am Tier 11
Samoa Humboldt [Oct. 15, 10 amlPler 2
Point Arena' Point Arena. .|Oct. 16, 2pm Pier 2
Coquille RivlGrays HarboriOct. 16 [
Corona San Diego 'Oct. 17. 11 am Pier 11
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer-
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
October 9, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, ' or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In charge.
San Francisco Light Vessel Cal-
ifornia.
Notice Is hereby given that on October 8,
1899, light vessel No. 70 returned to her station,
about 3% miles outside the bar. and the light-
house tender Madrono, temporarily marking
the station, was withdrawn.
No change has been made in light vessel No.
70 as to characteristics of lights, fog signals or
general appearance.
This notice affects the list of "Lights and
Fog Signals. Pacific Coast, 1899." page 12, No.
20. and the "List of Beacons and Buoys. Pacific
Coast, 1898," page 17. By order of the Light-
house Board.
U. SEBREE. Commander, U. S. N.
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
-3
'* *
Shipping Intelligence,
*■ _<.
ARRIVED.
Monday, October 9.
Stmr Laguna, Ericsson, 19 days from Bear
Harbor.
Stmr Orizaba. Nicolson, 75 hours from New-
port and way ports.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins. 63 hours from Vic-
toria and Puget Sound ports.
Stmr Pennsylvania, Broomhead, 34 days from,
Manila, etc.
Stmr Oiympia, Trowbridge, 75 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr city of Peking. Smith, 32 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 20 days, via Hono-
lulu 6 days IS hours.
Stmr Miami, Riley. 100 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. 19% hours from Eureka,
Stmr Dispatch, Johnson, 40 hours from Eu-
reka, in tow tug Ranger.
Stmr New-burs:, Hansen, 57 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr AVhitesboro, Olsen, 17 hours from
"Whiteboro.
Stmr Noyo, Hansen, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Jap stmr America Maru. Cope. 41 days from
Hongkong, via Yokohama 12 days.
Tug Ranger, Nelson, 40 hours from Eureka,
with stmr Dispatch in tow.
Bark Albert, Griffith. 23 days from Hono-
lulu.
Bark Mohican. Kelly, 26 days from Honolulu.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 16 hours from
Bowens Landing - .  .'
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson, 16 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Schr W S Phelps, Nickersson, 85 days from
El Trlumfo.
Schr Abbie, Hansen, 15 days from San Pedro,
bound to Caspar; put In for repairs.
CLEARED.
Monday, October 9.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Diego; Goodall
Perkins & Co.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, Panama: Pacific
Mail S S Co.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria; Oregon lt
& Nay Co.
SAILED.
Monday, October 9.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, Panama.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Diego.
Sinir Point Arena. Hansen. Mendocino.-
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, Tacoma,
Schr Volante. Kmg. Grays Harbor.
Schr Bessie K. Nielsen, .
Schr Chas E Falk, Brown, .
SPOKEN.
. Sept 12. lat 9 S. 34 W-Ship E B Sutton, from
Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON. Oct 9— ship Scottish Hills from
Port Blakeley, arrived at Calcutta damaged a
good deal about decks; jettisoned deckload
Pilot boat Grade S while hove to reefing
mainsail, about 12:10 p m, Oct 9, was run into
by schr Joseph Russ, hence Oct 8 for Olvmpia
Spanker boom of Joseph Russ got foul of fore-
topmast stay of Grade S and carried away
fore and main topmast head.
Per Ftmr City of Peking, from China Oct 9—
Oct 7, at 5 p m, met stmr City of Para, hence
for Manila.
Ger ship . Theodor. from London for San
Francisco, put into Honolulu Sept 28, having
sustained loss of foretopgallant mast, 'maintop
mast and jlbhoom during an exceptionally
heavy squall off the latitude of Honolulu. None
of crew injured. Ship will repair at once and
proceed to San Francisco. *
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT . LOT'is. Oct . 9, 10 p m-Weather
thick; wind N\\, velocity 20 miles
DOMESTIC PORTS
SOUTH BEND-Sailed Oct 9-Bktn Gardiner
City, for Son Francisco.
EVERETT— SaiIed Oct 7— Bark Oakland, for
San Pedro. ■ ;
* PORT TOWNS END- Arrived Oct S-Schr Wm
F \\ itzemann. schr Eric and bktn Amelia, from
Honolulu; bktn Jane A Falkinburg, hence Sept
22; schr Laura May. hence Sept 23. Oct 9— Schr
Defender, hence Sent 27.
NEWPORT-Salled Oct 9-Schr Peerless, for
Port Blakeley.
CONTINUED ON PAGE THIRTEEN,"PEG WOFFINGTON"
WELL PRESENTED
BY NICE O'NEIL
Marked Improvement
in Her Work.
TIVOLI REVIVES "SATANELLA"
♦
ODIOUS '-GIROFXE GIROFLA"
AT THE GRAND.
"Jim the Penman" Amuses Alcazar
Patrons, the Orpheum Presents
a Sterling Bill and Eddie
Foy Gets the Laugh.
The big goddess is backed to stride and
sweep ever the heads of the little people
below— tho little people who tlppety-te
nbout >ur local stage much of the time.
This is another way of saying that Nance
O'Neil is at the California.
There is the same 'cello tone about her
as before. But the 'cello is better tuned.
As for her beauty, it is a year more so.
The American stage holds up Maxlne
Elliot from the Atlantic Coast and Nance
O'Neil from the Pacific and says "Locki"
"Peg Wofflngton" is the play chosen for
the opening of the O' Nell engagement,
end the best of it is saved for the last.
M:hs O'Nell's touch is hardly light enough
for the most that we see of Peg.
Ehe Is not glittering as Peg was.
and r.o more's the pity. That is why :
the first acts dragged Just a bit In
spots. But she takes the third by |
storm. It is her's, every minute of
it, from the time that she enters the i
poor poet's home in her mad. lovable.
prank, until the curtain falls upon the
hitter-sweet end of her story. Whatever I
Nance Nell may have yet to learn, she
has fundamentally tho sincerity that :
never can be learned. There is only one
j !..'?. of her that is artiflcal. That is her j
mischief. She was not born for it and i
she cannot acquire it. and her safest way j
is to steer char of roles that demand it. |
Ar.>. vet— in that case. "Peg Wofiington"
i ist.be avoided. And what are we to do
without that third act?
Her support is an improvement on last i
season's.: She brings one noticeably!
strong man to the front: Barton Hill. !
His Trip'et is a sketch, perfect In Its way. }
a meekly clever, drolly pathetic figure that
never Intrudes itself, but works honestly
for the applause that, bless the good iudg- !
mem and good heart of the San Fran- j
cisco audience! it receives. Altogether I
there is a far more prosperous air about
Mr. Rankin's group than there used to ;
he. They are better chosen, better trained i
and far'better dressed. The star herself:
is ravishing in black plumes and pink
i uffs. May- luck send ever the fine i
leathers which cannot make but may j
rightly adorn a fine bird.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
— t
Grand Opera-House.
The long-haired musical wonders may
shake their reverend heads .over the
merry songs which they are pleased to
call a jlngie of tones, but the public will
revtr cease to entertain a particular af
fection for operas like "Girofle-Girofia."
wherein jolly music and bright dialogue
unite in producing a pleasant entertain
ment. One thing must be put to the credit
of the Grand Opera-house, ar.d that Is the
] ains taken in the production of its plays.
There is never a hitch in th^ performance.
The mounting, costumes and chorus pre
sent always a chic appearance.
The title role of the opera, is perhaps one
of Miss Mason's foremost artistic achieve
ments. Not alone does she sing her part
with exceeding taste and clear voice, but
her appearance is very agreeable to the
most exacting eye, and her deportment
never lacks that refinement necessary for
the comic opera stage. This latter fact
was particularly demonstrated during the
"tipsy" scene, wherein so many sou
brette? are wont to overact. The change
from Girolle to Giroila in tlie last act was
a skillful piece of stage ' business, for
there was hardly any one in the audience
who noticed it. If you desire a model
piece of impersonation do not fail to see
Edith Mason this week.
Of course Persse sang well: he aiways j
does. But last night he did something ;
else: he looked well too. In fact, he has j
seldom looked handsomer since his en- 1
gagement at the Grand. There is a great J
deal in looking the part. It is half or' the '
dramatic battle won. William Wolff was |
hardly fierce enough as the ferocious j
Moor.' One could not exactly discover why .
all these people were so afraid of him.
A little more "ginger" would not do harm.
Arthur Wooley had one of his fatherly
roles which he knows so well how to han
die; especially when he counts up the vir
tues of his "better half." Winfred Goff
has riot so much to do this week, but
what Is allotted to him is executed with
much care. His few solos are rendered j
with artistic finish.
The chorus does some snappy work and j
the many pretty faces one encounters i
therein add muc.i to the finishing touches
of a performance, the smoothness oi;
•which indicates a first-class stage man
f^ement. ALFRED METZGER.
Tivoli.
After several years tnella" is ,
again on the boards at the Tivoli Opera
house. The old theater-goers who were
present last night missed tlie songsters,
Helen Dingeon, Ethel Lynton. kert j
::r.d others, but the new cast did credit to |
this pretty opera. Ada Palmer Walker as
Satanella: took the part with credit and
Tom Greene (Count Rupert), the new
tenor, was in fine voice. Harry Girard as
the pirate chief. William Schuster as j
.Xrimar.es, king demon of the world, and i
Charlotte Beckwith as Stella, were also!
entertaining. Liberal applause was given ;
the old favorite, Arthur Messmer,
end Julie Cotte. who took the part of J
l.ciia. was also well received. "Satanella" |
will continue during the week, excepting i
this evening, which will be "Verdi night"
in honor of the maestro's eighty-seventh
linhday.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar stock company Is to be
congratulated on its creditable production i
cf "Jim the Penman" last night. The old j
j. lay is still of absorbing interest. Eugene
Ormonde appeared as Captain Redmond,
the detective, and his impersonation of j
the character stamped him as a versatile l
actor. There was nothing overdrawn and ;
every point was marked with distinctness
and no straining after effect. Miss Ger
trade Foster as Mrs. Ralston. the wife of
the "Penman," had evidently studied the
part carefully, and tlie result was a
finished and re-lined characterization. |
Miss He.en Henry was charming as ;
Agnes Ralston, the daughter, and Daniel j
Halifax as Jack Ralston. the .on. had a ;
congenial r;art. Charles W. King a* James
Ralston. the forger: C. F. Montalne as ;
Baron Hartfcld; Frank Denfthorne as •
J_ouls Percival and Charles Bryant as !
Lord Drelincourt played their parts well.
The piece was excellently mounted and |
the management has carried out its ;
promise to give an artistic ar.d dramatic i
presentation. j
Orpheum.
There >'s a tradition well nigh forgotten
that the Orpheum in the past had an .
"Qfl" week. This week is not one of those j
times. There Is nothing "off" about it;
It is strictly "on.". In fact, it is seldom!
that the wideawake management has sue- I
reeded '.n getting, together such a con- J
spicuous collection of stars. The best of
the new people this week are the. F>or- j
enz» family. They ore daring acrobats j
and perform the most difficult rcats in
evening dress. The young man who is
the king of the troupe astonished the
spectators by the apparent ease with
which he performed that rare feat known i
as "full twisters" when somersaulting-]
from shoulder to shoulder. - ,
La Petite Elsie is a little girl who will
develop into a beautiful woman. She Is I
as clever a* she is charming, and her iml
tations of May Irwin. Anna Held and!
other well-known actresses are unique. !
The bills uid the truth when they called
the Le Page sisters "phenomenal change
artists.'- The speed with which they
make their changes would put the Co
lumbia and the Shamrock to shame in a I
gale of wind. Their baby quarrel scene I
and the Bowery girls are artistic and are I
the hit of the evening. The other nutn- j
3
1 Alameda
3
Why a Hot Wave Means Hard Labor for Oakland Officials.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, Oct. 9. 1899.
THE hot wave was unusually cruel to Oakland. In most cities, perhaps in all
cities but Oakland, sweltering human beings relax from their labors and make
themselves as comfortable as possible. It does not have this effect in this
city, especially among those who are enjoying a living at the taxpayer's
expense, because of the lavish and unwise policy that has been substituted for
government since Oakland was a city. Under ordinary' circumstances this small
army of "officials" had nothing whatever to do, except enjoy Oakland's beau
tiful climate, smoke cigars and draw their salaries. A hot wave cannot require
them to do less, but from motives purely selfish they are forced to work and
work hard— for Oakland officials. It requires them to take off their coats,
which requires an almost superhuman effort on the part of some of the pension
ers who are rusting out In the public service. One of them was found this morn-
>ers on the programme afforded excel
ent entertainment.
Columbia.
"Hotel Topsy Turvy" thoroughly
unused the audience at the Columbia last
tight. Eddie Foy was at his best and his
topearance was the signal for wholesome
aughter. The play ran smoothly and will
loubtltss amuse good audiences during Its
•un.
Chutes.
At the CrTutes Theater last night Harry
lopper and Fannie Starr made an amus
ng hit in a sketch loaded with local al
usions, flying plates and a hot stove,
rhey kept the big Hence in good humor
'or ntarly half an hour. Marion and Lyn
:on. knockabout comedians, talked while
hey tumbled and the rest of the bill was
is srood as usual. Adgie sang a new song
n her cage of ilons and fifteen new mov
ng pictures were shown.
Oiympia.
Maurice Montague, the barytone, made
;uite a hit at the Oiympia. last night,
ftuth Nelta is one of the main attractions
md Dv Bell is still a hit. This is his
ast w-fk. The other numbers on the bill
ire good.
Miss Foster's Concert.
Jessie Foster, a lyric soprano of extra
ordinary compass, will sing for the first
time in this city to-night at the Sherman
fc Clay Hall. Her programme will include
many numbers seldom heard here.
WASHINGTON HEROES
HOME FROM THE WAR
*
Continued From Fourteenth Pajje.
Private Reginald S. Patterson, March
24-26. 1599.
Private William B. Courtney, March 24
--26. 1 £ 99.
Private Frank Pinny. March 24-26. 1899.
Quartermaster Sergeant William B.
Covington. March 24-26. 1899.
Private Oliver D. Ward, March 24-25,
1899.
Private William B. Pynchen, March 24
--26. 1599
Total— l 9.
COMPANY C.
Corporal Alfred B. Relchelt, March 1,
1599.
Corporal Frank Johnson. March 1, 1899.
Private Spawn Woodruff, July 26, 1899.
Total— 3.
COMPANY D.
Private William C. Hepburn, February
5-6. 1599.
Private Nicholas E. Polly, February 5-6,
1899.
Private Walter P. Fox, February 5-6,
IS?9.
Private George M. Duncan. February
5-6. 1899.
Private William J. Kals, February 5-6.
1599.
Private Howard M. Holland, February
16. 1899.
Corporal Hugh E. Waters, March IS, ;
1899 ft.
Private Henry O. Ness, March 18, 1599.,
Private Edward R. Bartlett, March IS,
ISB9.
Corporal Carl Welborn. April 9, 1899.
Private William J. Marshall, April 27, |
1599.
Total— ll.
COMPANY E.
Private Herbert E. Osborn, February
5-6. . 399.
Total-L
COMPANY F.
Private Augustir. Berry, February .-6,1
1899.
Private Benjamin A. Harbour, February i
5-6. 1599.
First Lieutenant Charles A. Booker,
April 27. ISD9.
Private Shirley A. Smith, April 27, 1091.
Total— 4.
COMPANY G.
Private George McNeill, February 5-6 !
1599.
Private William J. Hayes, February 5-6,
1.93. " " '
Private Robert E. Morrln, March IS,
ISM.
Private Joseph B. Doman, June 6, 18S9. |
Total— i.
COMPANY H.
Private Stalcman 8. Russell, March 6,
1899.
Private Sidney O. Dickinson, March 7, i
1599.
First Lieutenant Edward F. Sothern, !
March 24-25. 1599.
First Sergeant John J. Charlton, March
24-26. IsM.
Private Clyde Z. Wood, April 27. IM9.
Private Bobart Hovey. April 27, 1899.
Private Sidney O. Dickinson (2), April 27,
1599.
Private Abel Nelson, April 27, 1599.
Private William E. Howard, April 27,
1599.
Private Sherman T. Sheppard, April 27,
1599.
Private George M. Clark, April 27. 1899.
Private Edward Curiey. April 27, ISS9.
Private Arthur M. Ellis, April 27, 1899.
Corporal George W. Hovey, April 27,.
18S9. " " ' ' . " i
Private William Schermerhorn, April 27, I
ISS9.
Private William D. Adklns. June 5. 1899.
Private Frederick L. Ballou, July 26, ;
1899.:
Total-17.
COMPANY I.
Sergeant Samuel E. Boakler, February
5-6. 1-99. . " .....
Private O. B. Wright, February 5-6.
1599.
Corporal Miles McDougall, February 5-6,'
1899. ':.'
THE SAN FKA-N CISCO CALL,' TUESDAY- OCTOBEB 10, 1899.
I NEWS- j
I of the Bay Cities «
___- •_;.___. .£.___. .2-, "t .* •_• .S.-___«_Svy_-__l -c- •' ._• -_f .■*.§%%
Private Ira Casker, February 5-6, 1599.
Private Rolla Proudfoot, February 5-6,
1599.
Private Benjamin G. Galman, June 3,
1*99.
Private Charles G. Anderson, June 4,
1899.
Private Ernest L. Fisher, February 5-6,
15...
Total, S.
COMPANY K.
Private William Sloat, February 5-6,
1599.
Private Frank L. Ross, March 6, 1899.
Corporal Robert W. Bucklin. March IS,
1599.
Private William H. Hlnchcliffe. Marco
26 ISM.
Private Thomas L. Monroe, March 26,
1899.
Total, 5.
COMPANY L.
Private John Pruitt. February 5-«. 1599.
Private Carson Ellis. February 16, 1899
Corporal — Eunes, April 27, 1899.
Total, 3.
COMPANY M.
Corporal James Near.'. February 5-6,
1599.
Musician Joseph W. Osberger, Febru
ary 5-6. 1599.
Private Arthur L. Osborne, February
5-6, 1899.
Private Richard Hughes, February 5-6,
1599.
Private Albert E. Barth. February 5-6,
1599.
Private Jesse H. Morgan, February 5-6,
I*o9.
Private Joseph P. Bernice, February 5-6,
im.
Private Wesley Walton, February 5-6,
1599.
Private John J. Calile. February 5-6. 1899.
Corporal Charles A. Augustus. February
5-6. 1899.
Private Frederick C. Morev, March 6,
1599.
Total. 11.
COMPANY NOT DESIGNATED.
First Lieutenant Edward K. Erwin,
February 5-6, 1599. :
Second Lieutenant Joseph Smith, Feb
ruary 5-6, 1599.
Quartermaster Sergeant Rufus D. Clark,
February 5-6. 1899.
Quartermaster Sergeant Olyer Clancy,
February 5-6, 1599.
Cook J. D. Weatherby, February 5-6,
1599.
Private Oval F. Gibson. February 5-6,
1599.
Private Warren Marshall, March 7, 1899.
Total, 7.
Summary of losses by companies:
Killed and
Died. Wounded.
A 3 16
P. 4 10
C 3 3
D 2 11
E 6 1
F - 4
G 1 4
H 7 17
1 « 8
X 3 5
I. IS
M .'. 4 11
Not designated.: 1 8
44 100
Grand total killed, died and wounded.
144.
LUCKLESS THIRTY-FIRST
Muster Out of the Volunteer
Signal Corps That Returned
on the Para.
The troubles of the Thirty-first were to
have ended to-day, for It was the Inten
tion to release the command from quar
antine, but the looked for freedom will
not come for a while yet, and if two cases
now under observation do not change
their symptoms It will be another two
weeks before the men may leave the isl
and.
There have been two suspicious cases ;
under observation tor some time, but lat
terly they have been developing undoubt
ed symptoms of smallpox. It Is not defi- ;
nitely known whether their symptoms are
the result of a too successful vaccina
tion or of infection from some case of :
the disease. It is known, however, that
whatever caused it, the two cases were
contracted on the island, a fact which .
makes their appearance all the more sig
nificant. To-day the surgeons will prob- I
ably know the exact nature of the dis- j
ease afflicting the two men, and should
it prove to be smallpov, however mild,
contracted from proximity to other cases,
the regiment will be held for two weeks
more.
This morning the volunteer signal corps
that came home on the Para will be mus- '
tered out. The corps is now at the re
cruit camp at the Presidio awaiting the
last call of the mustering officer and the
paymaster. "Tt numbers fifty-seven men,
under command of Captain Perkins, who i
as captain of the signal corps of the Sec
ond Brigade, N. G. ('., made a record for
efficiency In his chosen branch of the
service and for soldierly qualities second
only to the record he made while serving
as a volunteer.
The corps has done excellent service I
In the Philippines, but it Is the kind of
service that pets but little recognition.
The principal work was the establishment
and maintenance of lines of communica
tion, and in pressing forward with their
wires they were more than once out in :
front of the tiring line. Being there to I
work under tire and not to fight back, :
they received but little mention in the
dispatches over the very wires they had i
laid and were keeping in order. To their
work is due the fact that all through the
campaign commanding generals have
been able to keep in constant communi
cation with their troops, and to keep in
formed of the smallest happenings as far
out as the outposts. During the opera- •
4---:' ' ..:■■-:%•:■ •-/-<_, ...-.-,;■-.. - -. -.5.. J,;-. ■'..
OAKLAND i
Ing at the City Hall putting in a heavy day's work fanning himself, when
under ordinary conditions he could have dozed along without the fanning. An
other one was made weary looking at the boy whom he commissioned to bring
him iced drinks.
County Assessor Dalton found his avoirdupois such a burden to him that he
applied to the Supervisors this morning for an indefinite leave of absence, which
was cheerfully granted.
Street Superintendent Miller had no difficulty In organizing a sewer clean*
ing gang, for nearly everybody in his department was anxious to get down
in the cool sewers, even with the rats and other things thrown in.
And as for the tramp along the county road— the heat forced him to work.
Instead of sitting in the shadow of a hedge he was forced to walk under the
stronger shadow of the nearest tree.
tions of the fleet these men established
flag stations on hills, on the tops of
houses and in church towers, and noting
the fail of the shells signaled the ves
sels the accuracy of their (ire, Its Sects
and the ranges. They worked in squads,
one corps being scattered from one end
of the firing line to the other, and every
man had to be an expert. Their work
was not of the gunpowder and clash of
battle order; it was silent and persist
ent, and like the secret service, Its great
est and almost only reward is the con
sciousness of duty well and honorably
performed.
The corps to be mustered out is to be
made up of men from almost every regi
ment thai was in service in the islands.
There are quite a number from this city
and Oakland and from this State. They
are all men of Intelligence and aptitude
and as a consequence the corps is above
the average of other branches of the ser
vice. They may be known by the black
trouser strap and chevron and by the
crossed flags and torches which all the
men carry on their arms.
The Forty-sixth Infantry has been or
dered to start for this city on October
16. It is now rendezvousing at South
Farmington, Mass. This is the first of
the second series of regiments under the
new call to be ordered out here. The
others are rapidly being recruited up to
their complement. Four of them will
reach Manila by way of the East and
the Suez canal on the transports Thomas,
Logan and Meade. The other nine will
be sent 'rom here. It was expected by
that they would only pause here for a
day or two and then go on to .Manila, but
they will not get away so easily. Gen
eral Shatter's policy has been to keep
the regiments here for two weeks, any
way, on a sort of sanitary probation, and
then to iet them go on. The wisdom of
this is shown by the Thirty-first, rfow in
quarantine on Angel Island. It was just
the day before lt was scheduled to sail
that the smallpox broke out in Its ranks.
It would be hard to imagine what would
have happened had the regiment got
away carrying the germs of the disease
with it. Smallpox on a ship loaded with
eighteen hundred men would be some
thing horrible.
Second Lieutenant Alfred M. Wilson.
Twentieth Infantry, has been assigned
to the transport Manauense as commis
sary and quartermaster.
Captain James J. Mayes. First Lieuten
ants Hamilton Bowie and C. C. Pulls
and Second Lieutenant Joseph C. Right
er, all of the Fortieth Infantry, have been
ordered to report to their regimental
commander at Fort Riley, Kans. These
officers have all been attached to t..e
battalion of the Fortieth that is being
recruited at the Presidio.
CHILD RUN OVER.
ALAMEDA. Oct. 9.— The little daughter
of Mrs. Fores of 2066 Encinal avenue was
painfully injured this afternoon while out
bicycle riding on Park street, near Central
avenue, by being run down by a horse and
spring wagon, driven by William Presby
'■!' Bay Farm Island.
One wheel of the vehicle passed over
the lit tie girl's head and her scalp was
badly lacerated. Presby was placed un
der arrest pending further investigation
of the affair. He claims that the trouble
was caused by the little girl attempting
to pass between his wagon and the curb
on the wrong side. She struck the horse
first, and In such a manner as to throw
her under .me of the front wheels of the
wagon, and before the horse could be
brought to a stop the wheel had passed
over the little one's bead. The injured
Kirl was carried into Binder's drugstore
and her wounds were dressed by Dr.
Keyes. She was afterward taken to her
home.
President Gilman Is Coming
BERKELEY. Oct. Word has just
been received from Baltimore that Presi
dent John Oilman of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity, accompanied by his wife, will ar
rive in San Francisco on the 273- of this
month. President Gilman comes to be
present at the public inauguration of
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of the
University of California. He will deliver
the inaugural address on that occasion.
President < lllman was at one time the
head of the faculty at Berkeley. Prepara
tions are being made by the university
professors to hold a reception in his honor.
Death of James Borland.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9— James Borland, a
pioneer, died 'if pneumonia yesterday at
his home, 964 Twenty-first street. De
ceased was a native of Butler, Perm.,
aped 72 years. Tie came to California in
1849. settling In Downieville, Sierra County,
Cal., where be married in October, 1968.
He leaves a widow and three children.
Another Burglar.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 9.— Peter Parrish, a i
I young man about 21 years of age, was
arrested by Officer Anderson this evening :
'on a charge of burglary. Parrish broke ,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Monday. October 9.
Stmr Newport, Saunders, 32 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 22 flays.
Schr Newark, - Beck, 27 hours from Usal.
SAILED-
Monday. October 9.
Stmr Grace Dollar. Walvig. South Bend, with
schr Neptune In tow.
Schr Neotune. Estvold, Coos Bay, in tow of
stmr Grace Dollar.
DOMESTIC PORT.
. PORT BLAKELET - Arrived Oct P-Rktn
Amelia, and scfer Eric, from Honolulu; schr C
8 Holmes, from Port Townsend; schr Defender,
hence Scot 27.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 9-Strrir Etruria,
from New York.
. NEWS ■• ]
of the Bay Cities *
into the Parisian laundry, where he had
been formerly employed, and made away
with a suit of clothes and considerable
other wearing apparel of various kinds.
Parrish led the officer a merry chase
across the Webster street marsh, attempt
ing to make his way Into Oakland and
thus elude the officer. Anderson caught
his man at the corner of Third and Alice
streets, in Oakland.
■ tt ■
A Kindly Remembrance.
OAKLAND. Oct. The hearts of the
Board of Managers of the Fabiola Hos
pital were gladdened at the annual re
?eption by a donation of $100 from a lady
who was at one time a patient at the
Rstitution. The donal m was made in ap
preciation for the kind attention this
ady received, when her condition was sad
»nd her husband out of work and she
eft the hosnital cured.
MERCED ELOPERS
MARRIED AT OAKLAND
OAKLAND, Oct Once again Oakland
has proven a haven for elopers. The latest
is the sensational elopement of Mrs.
George Winters of Merced with Bert Mil
ton Clift, a barber of the same place,
which culminated in a marriage ceremony,
at which Rev. A. Jatho, pastor of St.
Marcus Evangelical Lutheran Church in
this City, officiated, last Saturday night.
The couple left Merced last week, tak
ing with them the woman's 3-year-old .-on,
and on Saturday night about 9 o'clock
they called at the residence of Rev. Mr.
Jatho in this city. The minister, how
ever, was out at the time. To the lady
who answered the bell the couple stated
that they had called at several ministers
homes, but had been unable to find a
pastor home to marry them. It has since
been learned that the couple had also
called on the priest in charge of St. Jo
seph's Church, on Chestnut street. The
priest, however, seemed somewhat
alarmed and refused to solemnize the
union, noting that they seemed to be in a
great hurry. He told them that all did
not appear right to his mind, and so he
referred them elsewhere. Hence it was
shortly before midnight that ''lift with
his eloping bride and her little ion again
returned to Rev. Mr. Jatho's home, where
the nuptial knot was tied in the presence
of Mrs. Scott and Mrs. Helen Fogarty,
a neighbor, as witnesses.
• 'lift gave his age as 26 years and that
of the woman, who was named in the
marriage license as Miss Susie Drannon,
as -.: years, and their residence as San
Francisco. The 3-year-old hoy who ac
companied them they referred to as the
child of a friend. The trio took the last
train for San Francisco.
George Winters, the deserted husband, is
understood to be closing out his business
interests in the La Grand Hotel at Merced
and rumor has it that he is but preparing
to go on the trail of the guilty and seem
ingly bigamous lovers. It Is stated that
Clift's young brother also last week tried
to elope with a pretty Merced girl named
Laura Appling, but his plans were
frustrated.
Both Winters and Cliff are known to
lie quite handy with guns, and it is feared
that should they meet serious trouble
will surely follow.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
34. to 3.0 Geary Street, Above Powell
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKK AND PIQ IRON.
J f WII SON £ fft ro ° Battery Street.
J- V- TTILJUn tt \,V-, Te.ephone Main IS6».
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. S-pt. H. Br.TTH. Mgr.
CW SMITH Ehip Plumblnif. Steamooat
V- IT • -..Till 11 < and Ship Work a Specialty. '..
and 13 Washington st. Telephone Main Still.
FRESH AND SALT .MEATS.
jas BOYEs&cQ., c rarTii.^^n cr i. 9 r
FURS.
I N I OFSTAI. '4 X any st - ps ' a,ri L.!-»:
J. it. 1/UlJlrtU, $£*> Cvve st prices, ,____.
IR >N FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, Prop,., -a*. Fremont
st. Ca? ngg ot Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black I_o_.
Vi-; PAPER DEALERS.
WILLAMETTE p ulp and paper co.
TflLLHi'lLl IL 7.2 Montgomery street.
PRINTING
fc. C 1-1(11-1.5' an PRINTER. F
C- V- UUUhCji SJI Sansome st.. S. F.
THE HICKS JUDD CO , gjgaj .ff?.-
STATIONER AND PRINTED.
« hlc PARTRIDGE " S^ST*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, tlf^l
diamond COAL MINING CO.. ?t its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES. .9 the Best Coal in th-
Market. Office and Yards— 4so Main street.
Berkeley
BEHIND BARRED
DOORS A LADY
DEFIES OFFICERS
Mrs. Cotterell Has a
Fight on Hand. .'
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 9.
Mrs. L. M. Cotterell has closed all the
doors and windows at 10-7 Oak street, and
defies the officers or representatives of the
Union Savings Bank to put her out. Last
year the bank took the property under l
foreclosure, and has also brought suit to
dispossess Mrs. Cotterell, which is set for
trial before Judge Greene next Friday. !
Mrs. Cotterell entered the house Janu
ary 1 as a tenant at will of the bank, and
when the bank demanded that she surren
; der the house she refused. Three weeks
j ago another demand was made, and it had
I to be thrust through a barricaded window,
1 as Mrs. Cotterell refused admission to the |
' officer. She has filed an answer and J
counter claim to the bank's suit, asserting
that in December of last- year William G.
Shaw employed her as housekeeper
and caretaker of the property in dispute.
She says she has demanded pay for her J
services but was put off by a statement
that nothing would be done until the bank
had disposed of the property. She de
mands $504 as pay to December 30. In the
meantime Mrs. Cotterell keeps within the
mansion, refusing an entrance to the
bank's agents or to any officer of the
court. She has been served through a |
window with a notice that the trial is set j
for Thursday next. *
Ex-Soldier's Strange Malady.
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— The physicians at
the Receiving Hospital are nonplused
over the case of James Harvey, a soldier,
who for over five hours this afternoon
stood motionless near the corner of
Broadway and Fourth street, his head
thrown back, the pupils of his eyes di
lated and his muscles contracted. Early
this evening his muscles relaxed, but. he
was wholly unable to give any account
of himself and appeared demented. From
papers found in his possession it was
learned that he was recently discharged
from the Twenty-third United States In
fantry. He is 29 years of age and will be
examined for insanity to-morrow.
BORN AND DIED IN
THE PATROL WAGON
OAKLAND, Oct. 9.— Mrs. Ollie Bayley,
aged 19 years, became very suddenly ill
In East Oakland to-day and while she
was being conveyed to the Receiving
Hospital in the police patrol a child was
born to her. The Intar.t died immediate
ly from exposure. Mrs. Bayley stated
that her husband had left her last April
to go to Kansas City. Mo. She has been
supporting herself by working out as a
domestic and gives her residence as 473
Sixth street.
England has about 150 packs of fox
hounds and about 15,000 horses are kept
specially for fox-hunting.
The ihppine War.
This contest Is proving much more stubborn
than we anticipated. It needs a vigorous con
test to straighten matters out. We should
tackle the Philippines and overcome them as
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters does dyspepsia.
Indigestion, malaria, fever and ague and liver
and kidney diseases. The battle is short and
decisive, and for fifty years the Bitters has
always won. If you are ill, and don't know
what's wrong, try it.
7 Don't fail to try J
! BEECHAM'S PILLS J
■J* when suffering from any bad +
* condition of Stomach J
T cr Liver. +
41 10ccnlsnnd.,.cents. Nt drugstores.
X+++++++++++-r++++-r+++'+++-fX
/""^jk Dr.jGibbon's Dispensary,
Mj**xJm 025 KEARNY ST. Established
Br"r^B-_- in ,554 for the treatment of Private
.J_2jk. Sew 1 .-•■•-• -. I.. -st Manhood. Debility or
7j?'-sffS§Jfc disease wearing on bodyand mind and
H skin Diseases. Thedoctoreureswheii
VXSHH others fall Try him. Char-res low
_?^a____-____ ture-guaranleed. Call orwrite.
Or. J. f- -IBBON. Box 1»5?.3an Francisco
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN BY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:O-), 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30, 3:30
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:70, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays»-Extra trips at
1:65 and C:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 6:05,
6:25 p. m. '""',"
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
, — ■ April 16, ■ -— — —
Week j Sun- | UM. Sun- | Week
Days. ! days. Destination. days. | Days.
7:30 am] 8:00 am' Novato, .0:40 am' 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am 1 Fetalur.ia. | 6:07 pmt.o:_s am
6:10 pm 6:00 pni Santa K»sa. 7:35 pmj 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7-50 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:20 pm.
7:30 am H plan, and i 10.25 am
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. . 7:33 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 ami 10:25 am
18:00 am' Guerneville. i 7:377 pm
3:30 pml j 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am 1 Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
i j and I
5:10 pm S:CO pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 19:25 am
1:30 pm; 5:00 pmi • I 7:35 pin, 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Bom for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs,
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Fay's. Riverside, Llerley's
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville)
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda ' Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg!
Westport. Usal.' Wmitts, Laytonvllle. Cum-
mlng's, Boll's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. -
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
___— 7 "~.'- : r ■'
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
tu'jUnf IA.HALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausalito Ferry,
-Commencing SUNDAY.- October L, 1899.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. and 1.45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B.OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts., 621 Market st-
■ ADVERTISEMENTS^
yipft aPrvfS-. , , , _-__**^^-w :^
_-H-l----l__-_ A EB-. -"!_! G_a ■- /?*r\ I
J[WIIi>IIIHIII i|
sigk \\mmi
J -Positively cured Dy tJUese
.Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from DTspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect _-ero-dy tor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth- Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pi..* email Dose*
Small Price.
MAKE PERFECT ME|\s
SDO SOT DESPAIR ! l>c not SuC-
Longer: The joys and ambitious of
life can be restored to you. The very
\vor>r c.s-.s of Xervou- Debility ara
absolutely cured by PKKFECTO
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failins memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
Indiscretions or excesses of ear* years.
Impart vijror an.! potency to every func-
tion. Brae© op the system. Give bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes o!/_-* > .;:::_' or old.
One SOc box renews vital energy. FJAIrJG boxes at
«2.soacomp!ete>riiarance« -dciire^BTjar":- money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest '»' pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
trie* 'J" THE PEKI'EITO CO.. -»=-»• to-3-. Chicago, lit
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. P. F. and Oakland
&AELBOAD TRAVEL.
MMTIIKKII |-4« It'll COM-TABHT.
(KACiriO -v-ikm. i
Train* lenrr .«•••! «rv BM to »rrlv« .-,«
s..\ IK .><•.*<«».
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From October 2, 1303. — arrivi
•7:00 A Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento . . *."i:l.'>p
*7Hrw a Marysville, Oroville aud Redding via
Woet-fa-Bd ♦.l:|.'ii-
*7:<>»»A F-lniira, Vacaville and Iturcsey *J»:.".o_>
•7 : tto a M arti i e/. Sau Kan. on. Vallejo. Napa.
•t'atisK'ga ami Santa 110-a •li:l.'-i'
•9:«Oa Atlantic 1.-press. Ugiten and lust.. «!):I.'»a
•»::t«»A Sun .lose, Lir-nser-, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Fl_c;rville,
Muryavllle, Chieo, It-ul Bluff MtlSp
•«::i«\ 'Milton. Oak. a:.. 1 i-o_ora ... •I:l."ip
•!>:OOa Haywarda, Niks and Way Stations. • I 1.15 a
•9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, .-.tlirop. Stockton,
Merced and Fresno *12:13p
'.iiiitA Fresno, liakerslield. baiita Uorliara,
Los Angeles. Demlng. El Paso,
New Orleans and East ■•»*»?
•IO:»Oa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Stations # 7:1.1p
•I l:o«t\ Hayw-xda, Nik* and Way Stations. ■»s-»*
•IltsOOM Niles. Uvera-ore Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
Frrterville •I:l5p
tl:OOp Sacramento River Steameni ♦•»:(»«?
•:»:OOp Haywards, Niks and Way Stations. •a*4»F
*-_:Ovp Mnrtincr. San Itamon, Vallejo,
Napa, UaluOne*, Santa Itosa ♦•.»:l.'-4
NiMr Iteuicia, Vacaville, Haeraitieiite,
Wooilland, Ki.i.l.'-i ]_mding,
Marysville, Orovillo M«:.S»
*4::t<»v Nites. San .luseaiid Stockton *7:|.ip
*3:00rT1... Owl Limited. Tracy. Fresno.
Bakers&eld. Saiigus for Santa liar-
Lara, LOS Ar.gt-kii •!>:l3a
».ls:tOp Stockton, Merced, Frwno •I2:l.»p
*3::t«»i' Martinez, Tracy, Jlem'.ota, Fresno,
Mojave and 1.0.. Angelt-s •Stl.-*
•3«30p Santa I. ICoute, A-h-uii- Express
for Mojave and I_wt •G:l.'.p
•0:OOr Chlcngo-Saa Francisco Special, »>g-
del aud Ktm. «S:.tOp
*-_-Mp Hay o-unls, NilesandSau Jose *T. I >\
t«:OOi Vallejo •I2:ir»p
!7:««i' Vallejo, I'ort Costa and Way Sta-
tions ;!):...">P
•Si«»3r in-.- ... Exprem.KacraHieutii, Murys-
ville, ItcWinß, Portland, Puget
hmuirlaiiil East ' •*:..•.-
COAST DIVISION (Narrow <..iu_, .
(Foot of Market Street.)
•S:l3a Newark.Ccutcrvlil . 't.-n,
Boulder Crtek.Sauta Cruz and Way
Stations : •.Is.'.O*
f-ilop Newark, CenterviMe, San Jose, New
Almaden, Kelt ll n:!dcr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations f 1 0:30 a
Mtl.lp Newark. Sau .lono, Los Gatos 'OctlO..
61 1:i..r Hunters' Excursicn, San Jose and
Way .Stat io^s : go p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From Si- FR-KCISCO — Foot of a.r.c: Street (S!is 8)—
•7:15 -:00 H.-OOvm. J I:.. ■'..: i-:..
*1:03 }3:C3 :: -..<.
i from OAlLtnD— rooter Br-adw-T.—'fi^O 8:00 10:00 a.m.
n_:.3 '1:03 t-:03 ; 3:C. H-00 ".:C:r.M.
COAST DIVISION ( Rro-Ml Ua-sgi .
j (Third i.nd To'-vn-cnd St^.)
IO:IOa Ocein View, South Man Frauci.sco. . -<»::!Oi>
•7:OOa Ha Joso and Way St-Uoim (New
Aliua-lcu VVednestlaysonly) »I:30p
i •»:«<»> Hail .lose. Ties Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Paciiic Oio»e. Paso Kolil s, Sau
Luis Oliispo, -inf. Lon i' .c and
Principal Way Stations »l:IOf
i •lOt-tO- Shi Joe- Jtud Way .Station. •G:33a
•I!:H(»a San Jose and Way Stations •3::t0.-
-f-:l"> Mat-o, lledwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clui-a, San Jose,
Treo Pinos. Santa Ort-C Salinas,
Mouterryaud Pjcific Grovo *1«:36a
, ta>S*p San Jose ami Waj Stations •7:3»p
j t«:l-li- Bail Jose and Principal Way Stations ♦!»:■-.>
'. IS t««p Seui Jose and Principal Way Stations l»:<N»*
San Jose and Princinal Way Stations *fc_-.*
•ti.-:t-r San Jose ami Way Stations...'. t»:U©A
611: ■■">'• San Jose ami Way Stations... »7::iOp
A for Moraine I* for Afternoon.
•Daily. ' Sunday excepted. : Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
The l*A« It'l* TK„ <'«».M 1».4 N V
will call far and check lmggage from hotels and resi-
dences. Eiujuire of Ticket Agents for Time Cards and
other infr.nna-.ion.
Santa Feßpute
E«^_ i r _<*-/
-WW j& Cms. S ClT^
SI t ■" i »Ei.PA_a
C / fjiSMiZOSs, 'PHOENiI.
yi^^AN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
*r THE MOST COMFORTABLE "WAY
ACROSS THE CONTINKNT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLANDMOLEFORCHiCAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
KVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am 510:30 am Stockton j t3:40 pm| 6:00 pta
9:10 ami} 2:05 pm Merced Wl2:10 pm, 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5 5:35 pm Fresno f.:00 am, 2:42 pm
11:3S am 5 7:45 pm HsjAtord 7" am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm ! 512:30 am Bakersfleld 51:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami f6 :25 pm Visalia 55:20 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pml t€:s3 pm Tulare I {4:25 am »1:05 pm
•Daily. tExcept Sunday. sExcept Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 628 Market st.;
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Office. 1110 Broadway.
Sacramento Office, 201 J st.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1. ISS3.
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *T:», *9:3.. U:00 a. m.; •1:45,
•3:40. 6:13. 60u. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Monday?. ."Wednesdaya and Saturdays,
\ at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 'S:OO. •10:00, *11:30 a. m. ; «l:i.,
' 3:15, '4:45. 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
I Trains marked I*) ran to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. '6.35, 7.45. »3:40 a. m. ;
! •12:30. 2:15, *3:40. •7:13 p. m.
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
: Saturdays at 0:40 and 10:15 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— 6:2O. •8:00, •_.:08. '11:15 a. m. ;
! »1:40 "5:15, 4:45. •StSO p. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 7:55. 9:47. a. m. ;
12:35. 2:35. 3:45. 5:20 p. m.
! EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 2:15, 3:30,
! 5:00. 6.45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
* 7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
! 3:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and —ay stations.
j 8:00 a. m. Pjndav.-— Tomaip* nnd way stations.
WmlOr Can Sl-00 BBTToar
' '
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 712 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:20 o'clock.
3eo Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
629 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
3f41 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until ? o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M., ft
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _*V_
ING, Oct. 10. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TK3?
degree. By order of the H. p. » v >
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 156, F. and A.M.. a
will meet THIS EVENING at Masonic J^
Tempi-. 7 7' o'clock. 3 D. TK.2Z
GEORGE PEN LI NGTON. Sec. r_y>
UNITY Encampment No. 26, I. O. O. F. TVS^
Patriarchal TO-NIGHT by Jubilee _/\
Team. C. F. BRALEY, C. P. ' V
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. «s££J&.
O. F.— Members will meet In ha: '^r3&sff*
TO-DAY at 1 p. m. to attend : %?EJb == --
fur.eral of our late brother, C. A. "wnr*
HOUGHTON. M. L. TOOD. N. G.
PARKER Lodge No. 124, I. O. O. -k_*W-»__i
F.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY) _?s__K£_
EVENING. By order "^Psfs?
J. A. WELLS. N. G.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice Is here-
by given that the annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Bank of California
will be held at the banking house In this
city, on TUESDAY. October 10, USt, at 11
o'clock a. in.
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary.
Fan Francisco, September 25, 1899.
ANNUAL meeting, stockholders of The Slme
Company— The annual meeting of the stock-
holders of The Slme Company will be held at J
the principal office of the company In San
Francisco. Cal., on WEDNESDAY, the IMb
day of October. 1899, at 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing directors and for the
transaction of such other business as may
properly come before the meeting.
ALBERT C. AIKEN. President.
Dated October 7. l?f'9.
ACCOUNTANTS.
p. K. BALLARD 401 Cal St., designs, audita _
adj.- accounts for corporations & firms; ref.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
LAW and Loan Co. (Inc.)— Capital $100,000; pro-
secute or defend lawsuits in all courts on con-
tingent fees: employ able counsel : loan money j
on any kind of security. Advice free, by mail |
or at "office, 214 Pine st'.,"room 04.
ADVICE free: R. W. KING. sixth floor, Chron-
icle bldg.; no advance charges: all cases; es-
tate*, mortgages, damages, collections, bank-
ruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate fees;
call or writ.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W. '
'WE. atty at law, 850 Market, cor. cktn. j
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market St.. pp. Mason; ,
consultation free; moderate fees.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels building, 027 :
Market: sulfation free; no fees in advance, i
NAGLE & NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma |
Spreckels building, 927 Market Ft. 1
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W. !
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.. opp. Mason. j
. I
BATH CABINETS— THERMAL. j
THE Robinson 4-panel bath cabinet, folding
fllke a screen: one panel opening as a door; !
cail and see it; descriptive booklet free. W.
S. BROWN general agent. 426 Ellis st.
BICYCLE REPAIRS.
TIH'S. H. B. VARNEY. M .'ket and Tenth.
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
ELLIS. 607— furnished front rooms, with
good board; bath; telephone; gas; piano.
MARK I 1820 (Las Palmas)— Suite of 2 or 3 I
rms.; private; .th; sin. rms.; board optional. j
O'FARRELL. 742— Clean comfortable rooms;
good home cooking; special rates to gents, j
POWELL. 309 (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
and single, with or without board. '!
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant, makes advances at
lowest rates on valuables of all descriptions. I
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Oall, 'l pages, sent to any address in the '
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
YOUNG machinest lately from Pennsylvania
desires room and board in private Protestant i
Christian family; central; state terms. Box '■
800, Call office.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
A YOUNG lady would like to board a child not :
under a year old. Box 262, Call.
CHILDREN'S home: mother's care; $5 month-
ly. Address II . Frultvale P. O.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and ■exchanged!
Holmes Book Co., 704 Mission st., near Third.
BOOTS AM) SHOES.
CHILDREN'S best kangaroo school shoes, 85c;
lad's stylish lace or button shoes, $1 25; men's
shoes, $1; price list mailed tree. PEOPLE'S
SHOE STORE, 1303 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
-■--—-—-—--———-— ————-■ ———————— i -—————-—-— -i -— — — —■ --—-—————---. __ ■
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S4SO— BRANCH bakery and stationery store
on O'Farrell st.. Including 4 rooms; daily re- ;
ceipts $10; rent $25; a splendid offer. R. G. :
WILKE 906 Market st.
A— HOTEL ol 12.) rooms, office, bar, dining- |
room, etc. ; established for many years with
large patronage; in very best part of this city; !
close to Market and Kearny; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; books
open for inspection: price 18000. Particulars
R. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A— slsoo; TRANSFER corner grocery and bar;
doing a rushing cash •> tore and bar business;
low rent; rare chance; other business compels
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. R.
G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
$150— HOME bakery and notion store, with
2 living rooms; rent ?2u; on Buchanan st.
R. G. WILKE, 90$ Market Bt.
A— s3so; DYEING and cleaning store on Powell
st.: rent $35; first class; paying. Call WILKE.
I*o6 Market st.
A— s6oo— RESTAURANT and oyster parlor*;
choicest location; rent $:;.".; dally receipts $25:
meals not less than 25e; bargain. R Q.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
$1800— CORNER grocery; bar; Cues! "tore West-
ern Addition, value of $2700 in stock and fix-
tures; 4 rooms; rent $35: receipts $35 up; best
offer out; going East. M. LESS, 765 Market.
$300— BRANCH bakery: fine location; 4 nice liv-
ing rooms; reasonable rent; present owner
there many years; cheap. M. LESS. 765 Mkt.
$200— CORNER branch bakery in the Mission;
4 living rms.; receipts from JI2 to $14 per day;
rent cheap; old .-stab. M. less. 765 Market.
A— s6so; LAUNDRY route; clears $100 a month:
horse and wagon. KREDO & CO., 22 1 , i Geary.
A— s37o: ROAD house, near flourishing town:
good business. KREDO & CO., 22b. Geary.
$175— BRANCH bakery and notions; $5 to $10
dally; room.-. KREDO & CO.. 22H Geary st.
$1000— SALOON; In prosperous country town:
bargain on account ... other business. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777% Market st.
$600— FIRST-CLASS delicacy store; bargain this
day. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Market st.
$1300— "."A. I': sal. best location in city; near
Market St.; fine business. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
WANTED -$150 for complete Invention; great
chance to make big money. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
CLEAR property In Stockton to exchange for
rooming house In this city. COWING & CO., I
995 Market st.
WELL-APPORTIONED, paying restaurant,
good location, at sacrifice: would take part-
ner; Other business. ALFA CO., 935 Market.
GENERAL merchandise business In country, !
bear full investigation; 2 country hotels arid |
restaurants; 2 branch bakeries: fine paying
grocery stores and saloons: business of all ;
kinds bought, sold and exchanged; money
loaned on lodging houses. El tel, 100SV. Market.
WELL-ESTABLISHED photograph gallery do-
Ing good business; everything complete; full-
est investigation granted: no agents; only
reason retiring from business. Address box
774, Call office
AT cost, hardware store and locksmith: 3 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; good place
for a mechanic. Address box 215, Call office.
THREE good hotels for sale or rent. Good and
centrally located dining-room, rent paid In
board, price $100. Room 2. 107 1 ,. Market St.
FOR sale— Bargain for the right party; corner
saloon, with lunch room; goo,! selling reason;
no agents. 150 First St., corner Natoma
J"' BRANCH bakery: 1 3 rooms, partly fur-
nished; fine place for man and wife wishing
to serve meals. 1614 Pacific St., near Polk.
A— GRAND opportunity for an active man:
small capital required; business clearing $125
per month. 917 Market St., room 2.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continned.
$500— FIRST-CLASS delicacies store; full stock;
living rooms; worth, $1000. Apply 106 Ninth st-
BRANCH bakery and notion store; 2 living
rooms. 806% Filbert st. .
COAL yard for sale. 431 Third St., comer
of Silver. __________
MUST be sold cheap; restaurant. Third st.;
have other business to attend; good chance
for man and wife. Address box 256, Call.
LAW & LOAN CO., Inc.— Capital $100,000; will
invest your money on approved and guaran-
teed securities, paying monthly 1 per cent
net Interest; will prosecute or defend lawsuits
In all courts on contingent fees; employ able
counsel; advice free. 214 Pine St., room 64.
HOTEL barber shop; M- Interest; over 30 years
old. WOLFgCHLUCHT. 7 Hardie place.
A FIRST-CLAPS coffee and lunch place for
sale cheap: $2500. Address box 211. Call.
GOOD location for fruit store; fixtures in; two
rooms: rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., cor.
Clement; take Sutro car.
BAKERY for sale: brick oven: central loca-
tion; steady cash trade. Box 2801, Call office.
WOOD and coal yard; established; good loca-
tion; cheap rent. Box 795. Call office.
WELL-APPORTIONED, paying restaurant,
good location, at sacrifice; would take part-
ner; other business. ALFA CO.. 93 Market.
$400— RESTAURANT, with every convenience;
fine location; good trade: sickness. 1008 Hyde.
CIGAR store; water lint; must be sold; pro-
prietor deceased. A fply 227 Battery st.
FOR SALE— Fine grocery and bar; Post and
Devlsadero st. ; for one week. -
PRIVATE boarding house; 20 boarders; 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1345, Call.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE,
743 Mission st. _______
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 412 Sacramento st.
GOOD paying Inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Call office.
FOR sale— Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Apply Call office^
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton; 1 buggy.
good as new; made here. SHAW, 1621 Market.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st, ;
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAFLDING'S Pioneer Carpi
beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
Cl IV Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 3S-40 Sth St.; tel. South 250.
J. M QUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st.; tel. South 7.-; .west rates.
ADVANCE "Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c. :
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. £40 14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure
cure for pols oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office nnd factory. -' Spear st.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND MIKITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known trance medium and clair-
voyant, may be consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
hidden mystery: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies; remove family trou-
bles; restore lost affections; unite-s the sep- I
arated; recovers lost, stolen or buried prop-
erty; locates trasures and minerals; tells |
voiir entire life, past, present and future.
while in a perfect trance: perfect satisfaction |
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular j
with special terms MRS. DR. F. CLARK, !
205 Turk st. Always consult the best. j
MRS. .1. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life readerNind medical clairvoyant: I
sittings. $1; diagnosis tree; "new method" '
• treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis- I
eases: site has the divine gift of clairvoyance
and never fails In her diagnosis; send tamp
for circular. 232 Stockton st. I
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant, card
reader; satisfaction guaranteed; fees 23c and
50c; hours 1-6 and 7-10 p. m. 612% Eddy st.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune-teller. newly arrived. 8
Hayes st., room 7. second floor.
PROF. Gee Medium; read's, We $l:test circles
Tues.. Thurs., Frl.. Bp. m 10c. 1035 Market.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 2"7 McAllister; test meet-
ings Tues.. Thurs.. 2. 8 p. m.. 10 sit'ng dally. ;
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth St.. r. 12.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth. 2. 8.
]). m.. 14 McAllister, r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS HARLAND'S question circle, 2 p.m.. 20c;
test circle to-night, 10c; sittings. $1. 34 6th.
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; 27.- up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission,
GYPSY life reader: satisfaction guaranteed;
25c; reading by mall. $1. 9 Seventh st.
JOHN SLATER, sittings daily. 10 to 4. 1809
Stockton St., near Greenwich.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance;
8 p. m . 27c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
| palmistry, 25c; truth or no pay. 114 Mission.
J ZERA, the best fortune-teller, has love
charms and tells lucky days. 263 Third St.
YOUR future told by cards. 2Sc; daily. 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m.: Sun., 7to 10 p. m. 105 I^arkin st.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 212 1 - Sixth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 114 < >'Fart st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. j
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FIFTEENTH, 1876, near Dolores— bay-
window cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; large base-
ment; yard; cheap.
JONES, 2052— rent, cottage 4 rooms and
bath; hot and cold water; rent $14.
$15— COTTAGE, 5 rooms, bath; sunny yard;
large basement. Key at 711 Treat aye.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
WANTED— Ladies to learn to cut, design, make [
their gowns; satisf action guaranteed; pupils .
can make their gowns while learning; send lor
circular. MLS. LIVINGSTON. 530 Suiter Bt.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladies Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 805 Van Ness.
PARISIAN making, 387 Geary; dresses
made $5 up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe 7-inkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other fillings from ... ;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated ami I
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 60
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open j
evenings and Sundays.
A* NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our llesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; plates,
full set. $5; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 609 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extract ens done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. Ba. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. <;. W. WILLIAMSON, mm.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges. $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $8; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
DR. '1.1.1' M HILL, 1443 Market st . near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
MEYER— Deutsctier Zahnarst, 6 Turk; Ist -class
work; prices rees.; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE, r. 211. Examiner Bldg.;
work reasonable: satisfaction guaranteed. i
LOWEST prices in P. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists, 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. 11. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
EXPERT OPTICIANS. ~
GEORGE MAYERLE, German expert optician.
| 1071„ Market St., San Francisco; exam. free.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1599.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. :
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. new 80-page catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing. Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, $50; catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey.assay.archl. and even.;
est. 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, steam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evenings. 3040 Sixteenth st.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mail. 302 Montgomery.
SINGING, piano; Paris grad.; French, Spanish,
$2 mo. 530 G. G. aye.. r. 6-7; hours, 2 to 8.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
LelpsUf lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 306 Larkin st., opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission. nr,6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI, 30 Geary et.; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414U O'Farrell; tei. East 426.
SAM KEE, 513 Bush; best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 655 Clay st ; phone Davis 821.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for V per year.
EMPLOYMENT ANTED FEMALE.
LADIES desiring first-class help can secure .
same by calling on, telephoning or address-
ing MISS CULLEN, 22:7 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
i nurse or second girl or housework, $10 to $15;
reference. MISS CULLEN, 327. Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires a situation as nurse j
girl or assist housework. MISS 11. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desires a situation, j
also a first-class French. cook, with best city
references. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
'-CLASS infant nurse desires a situation; j
best city ref. MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Sutter. ;
FRENCH lady's maid, cut and fit, best of
references, wishes situation. J. F. CROSETT j
& CO.. 316 Sutter st j
SCOTCHMAN nnd wife with small boy wish
piaces on a ranch; woman flrst-cla6s cook and
worker; references. MRS. Ni.i.o ..>,
313 Sutter st. j
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman, first-class ,
cook, excellent baker and good housekeeper,
wishes a situation: city or country; refined,
permanent home more object than wages.
Apply or address for 2 days, 770 Harrison St.
WOMAN wishes sewing by day or will sew at
j room. Call at flat 1275 Clay st. j
YOUNG lady, graduate In bookkeeping, will
give l or 2 months' service gratis for the ex- I
perience. Address box 777. 'all. _
WANTED— Situation as first-class cook; thor- j
oughly competent In all branches of house*
work; city or country. Call 365 Minna fit.
SWEDISH woman wishes to do general house- '>
v. irk In small family: $20 a month: best refer- i
ences. 1328 Mission st., near Tenth. |
j YOUNG German girl wishes situation to do I
| general housework. Apply 116 Perry 6t., bet.
I Third" and Fourth.
i GIRL wishes situation; general housework and
j cooking; country preferred; wages $27. 422
I Tehama st.
I — — ■
{ WOMAN wants situation to do housework;
more for a home and not so particular about
j wages. Address M., 7,12 Jessie St.
I SWEDISH woman wants to do housework and
cooking or housekeeping for men; city or
country. Call 4509 Eighteenth St., nr. Douglass.
• GIRL wishes a situation to do general house-
work and cooking. Box 214, Call office.
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed'
half days at washing or housework; terms j
50 cents. Address box 213, Call office.
GERMAN woman, first-class cook, wishes sit-
uation. 11 Polk st.
WANTED— By a respectable German woman,
housework by the day; any kind of cleaning.
Call or address MRS. M. R., 257 Stevenson St.
MIDDLE-AGED woman desires situation to |
mind child and assist. 120 Fourth, room 11.
LADY wants work by day. week or month
housekeeping. Apply 1 Vincent et., bet. j
Green and Union. j
GERMAN girl wishes a position to do general !
housework and plain cooking. Address 930 j
Montgomery st.
STRONG young Swedish girl wants a position
to do general housework and cooking. 1
Columbia square.
COMPETENT school teacher desires position In
family to instruct children and other light
work." Box 263. Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes situation to
take entire care of Infant from birth or young
children; first-class references. 106 Hayes st.
WANTED- By an American lady, position as
housekeeper. Address box 799, Call Office.
MIDDLE aged German woman would like a
position as housekeeper or with elderly couple; ,
good seamstress; Oakland preferred. V. G., j
29 Lapldge St.. bet. ISth and 19th.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar- I
ket; .... rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus j
and baggage to and from ferry. j
i LOANS on diamonds and jewels: low interest: .
perfect secrecy. CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
STRONG industrious young man of 22 wishes
steady work in city In shop or store or fac-
tory; good penman. Call or address C. D. 0.,
221 First st.
MACHINIST, young man, first-class bench-
hand, desires work; city or country. G. 8.,
825 Mission St.
SITUATION wanted by goldsmith; practical
In all Its branches; able to tend business;
married; would like steady position; city or
country. Address box 212, Call office.
ELDERLY active American wants place
with private family; handy and willing; good
home; small wages. Address box 404, Call.
YOUNG clerk (28 years) wants situation;
speaks German, Spanish and French: ex-
perienced as general salesman In Europe,
Mexico and China; the very best references.
Address box 759. Call.
LICENSED engineer; competent; sober; well
recommended. Address 26 Steuart st.
BOY of 18. residing with parents, German
descent, wishes work of any kind. Address
EDW. BPECKTER, 652% Natoma st
POSITION by good all-around cook. T. E.
KENRICK, 514',. Third St., rear.
WANTED by first-class laundryman position
as foreman or manager: I am an economist
; and worker; can give best references. Ad-
dress W. D. McINTYRE, 1845 Market St..
Denver, Colo.
i GERMAN man and wife want to get work In
a hotel or lodging-house; city or country;
man good porter; wife good chambermaid;
can give good references. Address box 436,
Call office.
YOUNG man, 20 years of age, would like work
in grocery or wholesale house. Call or ad-
dress 1505>_ Franklin st. __£SJgj
WANTED— by competent and experi-
enced engineer; best references. Address box
429, Call office.
SITUATION wanted to take care of horses and
garden: good references. Call or address J.
KIECKBUSCH, 1800 Union St., cor. Octavia.
ALL-ROUND German cook wants a place in
hotel or boarding house; wages $40 t0, 550 a
month. Address 106 Second st.
CHINESE— A first-class cook wants situation
in private family. Inquire GIN KIM, 842 Du-
pont st.
YOUNG man wants labor work; Inside pre-
ferred. Box 252, Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants situation as a house-
work boy. Y. SHIGEDOMI. 1606 Jones st.
YOUNG man would like a position as fireman
on small engine and boilers. Box 2166. Call.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS, 15 Grant.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
ried, first-class hotel experience, wants per-
manent situation: city or country. Commu-
nicate with box 2271. rail office.
EXCHANGE. '••
YOUNG, gentle buggy horse for horse suitable
for mountain travel; must be young, sound
and good appearance. E. A, Call office,
Oakland.
FINANCIAL.
WANTED for cash— Old-line life Insurance
policies. A. T. KELLIHER. The Raymond,
Oakland. ■ '
FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
HEAVY matting, 100 per yard; linen warp, 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed.laid and lined.
eOc per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-131- Stockton st., nr. Broadway.
HYDE. 316— Furniture of 7-room flat.
FURNISHED, 7 rooms, $150; $50 down, balance
on long time. 5 Seventh st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co., .127-1131 Market.
.
FURNITURE WANTED.
$50.10 CARPETS, furniture, etc.; highest price;
postal. COLEMAN, 1125 Mission st.
ALFRED WOLLPERT 773 Mission St.. pays
the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc.; highest
price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln.ll2l Market.
FLATS TO LET.
CAPP, 736, between Twenty-second and Twen-
ty-third; 4 sunny flats; 5 rooms, bath.
DALE place, 16, off Golden Gate aye., near
Leavenworth— Flat of 4 rooms.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10
Montgomery st. .' : ;'".- W;- : '::■
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 3645 Sacramento St., cor. Spruce.
HOWARD. Rear; $6; 2 sunny rooms, In-
cluding water.
NOE, 695. NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free . *
PINE. 1228. near Hyde— Lower flat; 6 rooms;
yard; rent $16.
SCOTT, 1713— Flat 5 rooms and bath to rent.
SEVEN rooms and 2 kitchens; modern; sunny
bay windows; for 2 families. 417% Third st.
SEVENTH. 454, corner Bryant sunny rooms;
cheap. Apply between 1 and 3.
TWO flats to let, 5 rooms each. Apply 720
Bryant st.
8-ROOM flat; all modern Improvements; Bun all
day; rent moderate. 533 Page st.
$13— FLAT of 3 rooms and bath; also 4 rooms.
524 Fell st.
$20—5 LOVELY sunny rooms; gas; water; bath.
219 Elm aye., nr. Van Ness and Golden Gate.
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches, jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FLATS WASTED;
WANTED— Sunny furnished flat of 5 or 6
rooms; 3 beds: convenient to Denman School.
Address box 243, Call office.
FURRIER*, FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes, $10 to
130. ROIVT. WALLACE. 117 Kearny, top floor.
HELP WANTED — AGENTS.
WE want active men and women to take orders
for holiday books; all the best war histories
now ready; send for samples. THE J. DEW-
ING CO., Flood building, San Francisco.
HELP WANTED—
A— LADY'S maid, $30 per month; 2 second girls,
$25 per month; 3 German and Swedish cooks,
$30 per month; 20 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $27; 8 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st .
A— WOMAN to cook in a mining town, $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK and chambermaid, same house, $30 and
$15; Ironers, laundry. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Monterey County, $20, fare
paid; good place. Miss CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
HOUSEWORK, Mini,. Park, $25; Berkeley, $25;
Alameda, $20; Belvedere, $25; Alcatraz Isl-
and, $18: Petaluma, $20; St. Helena, $20, and
several other towns; a number of housework
girls, city, $25, $20 and $17; 20 young girls to
assist. $10 to $17: 10 waitresses and chamber-
maids, city and country, $37. and $20; 4 sec-
ond girls, city, $20 and $15. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter St.; phone, Main 651.
CHAMBERMAID, city, $20; country. $20.
MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter st.
2 COLORED cooks, country boarding-houses,
$25 and $30. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter.
2 WAITRESSES. Reno, Nevada. $20, free fare;
chambermaids, 3 different hotels, country,
$20, free fare; 10 waitresses, different com-
mercial hotels, country, $22 50 and $20 and
free fare; cook, 15 men. $25; laundresses, dif-
ferent country hotels, $25; lroncr, $10 a week;
laundress. Institution, $20; 3 nurse girls, $10,
$12. $15: second girl. $20; 100 girls for house-
work, $20 and $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st. "
REFINED nurse girl; care of 2 babies. C. R
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
HEAD laundress for an institution. $30; two
laundresses to assist, same institution, $20
each; 4 second girls. $20 and $25; 3 second
girls. $12 to $15; 2 young nurseglrls, $12 and
$15; nurseglrl, $25; nurse for an Invalid, $20,
see party here 1 o'clock; houseglrl, two In
family, $25; 3 cooks, $30 and $25; houseglrl,
Oakland, $25; Los Gatos. $25; 10 houseglrls,
city, $25 and $20; nurseglrl, sleep home. $10;
chambermaid, $15; woman for chamberwork.
only work half of the day, must sleep home,
$15; cook and second girl, same house, $26 and
$25. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
WANTED— Protestant second girl for American
family of 3, see lady this forenoon, salary
$25; French .second girl. $25; strong woman as
nurse for invalid; waitresses, city and
country. $20 and $25; lady's maid, must speak
French and German, $25; German cook, $35;
hotel cook. $33: German and Scandinavian
second girls, $20; girls for housework for city
places as well as a number for country
towns at $20 and $27. per month. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
WANTED— girl to help in general house-
work; asked to do only what lady of the
house does herselt; parlors, piano and every-
thing else given up for 3 days In the week;
can wear any clothes the lady of the house
owns for 2 days in the week: have 4 children;
can' kill 3 if desired; wages $50 a month, with
a liberal discount. Call at 2011 Bush St.
IRONERS, IRONERS, IRONERS.
First-class ironers wanted at La' Grande
Laundry, 12th, bet. Howard and Folsom;
highest wages paid. Apply at once at laundry.
GOOD pants finisher. . .on Kearny St., room 1.
GIRL wanted for light housework; wages $10.
4077 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work and cooking. 2636 Howard St.
WANTED— for general housework; plain
cooking. Apply 2143 Larkin st.
WANTED — Operator Bonaz braiding; good
wages; steady. S. F. Mfg. Co., 409 A Turk.
A PROTESTANT woman for country; light
housework; wages $10. Call Wednesday from
10 to 12 a. m., at 1924 Mason st.
GIRL 14 or 15 years to assist with baby. Call
after 12. 1561 A Market st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply at 2904
California st. _
COMPETENT energetic cook; good wages;
Scotch, English or Scandinavian preferred;
references. 1909 Pacific aye.
WANTED— girl to help In kitchen. Ap-
ply 619 Sacramento st.
WOMAN to do housework In private family;
2 years' reference. 1202 Mission, near Eighth.
WANTED— Good reliable woman for general
housework" and cooking. Apply bet. 1 and 3
at 925 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— MiddIe-aged woman to work In
boarding house. SE. cor. First and Mission. .
PANTS finishers, also apprentices on pants;
steady work. SOS Jessie st.
WANTED— Good waitress at Brighton Cafe,
76 Ninth St.; $6 per week.
WANTED Women canvassers: sure money;
$2 or $3 per day. 2810 Greenwich St., Presidio;
call 8 to 12 a. m.
WANTED— Young girl to assist housework and
care of baby; apply before noon. 3131 Twen-
ty-second St., near Howard. . ..
WANTED— GirI or woman for general house-
work. 1268 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— woman for general housework.
Apply 438 Tenth st.
WANTED A woman for housecleanlng; wages
$1 per day. . 706 McAllister st.
COLORED woman: general housework; 2 In
family: $15. 9 to 12, 841 Ellis st., near Polk.
NEAT Protestant girl; light housework and
care of children; $15; references. 4005 17th st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers and buttonhole-makers
on custom coats. 541 Market st.
NEAT, reliable girl; general housework; small
family; $17. 619% Valencia st. ;
DRESSMAKERS— Experienced waist finishers
wanted. 509 A Sutter st.
IRONERS and body Ironers. National Laun-
dry. 411 Sanchez st.
WANTED— Kitchen girl. Apply 604 Third st.
FINISHER on custom coats: also experienced
apprentice girls; also presser; also tailor. 126
Russ st.
WANTED— GirI for : general housework. 2651
Howard st. ■ . ■/ .-.-.. /
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE.
IRONERS. STANDARD LAUNDRY CO.,
Nineteenth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland
FINISHER and buttonhole-maker on custom
made coats. 36 Grove st.
WANTED— girl to assist In light house-
work. FRANCIS, 796 Sutter st.
WANTED— for light housework; good
home; small wages. 147 Fifth st.
FIRST-CLASS sewers for cording skirts, etc.,
to take work home. H. FRIEDLANDER, 338
Fell st. "■
WANTED— GirI, 14 to 18 years, to assist In
housework; sleep home. 1140 Turk st.
WANTED— Good waitress; call early. 1507 Mar-
ket st.
YOUNG girl; housework and cooking; 2 In
family; sleep home; $15. 130 Powell st., bet.
9 and 12 a. va. %•
THREE girls to learn bookbinding; paid while
learning. 605 Montgomery st.
YOUNG girl for store; $3 a week. Apply 1522
Stockton st., upstairs, 10 o'clock.
SOLICITORS; salary at start and big commis-
sion; call this morning. Room 33, 26 O'Farrell.
MACHINE girls on vests. 641% Stevenson St.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
on custom vests. 6 Eddy St., room 111.
NURSEGIRL wanted; wages $12. 1458 Page st.
WANTED— Neat young girl to assist In up-
stairs and take care of children. 1110 Oak.
GERMAN girl housework and cooking; $16.
Apply 9 to 12 a. m., 414 Van Ness aye.
WANTED— at 2912 Clay st.
COLORED girl for general housework In small
family. 710 California st., room 5.
YOUNG girl for general housework; German
preferred. 2935 Twenty-fourth 1 1.
WANTED— Experienced froners at U. S. Laun-
dry. Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
AMERICAN middle-aged woman for house-
work; small wages; good home. 1320 Kearny.
LOANS on diamonds and jewels; low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% Fremont St.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chir_« and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory.
Gou_h and Grove sts.
FIRST-CLASS basters, coatmakers and oper-
ators on coats; also one man that under-
stands making turned coats thoroughly. S.
N. WOOD & CO.. 718 Market St.
WANTED— earnest, willing woman under
35; one brought up in the country preferred.
H. L. & Co., box 231, Call office.
APPRENTICES, finishers and button-hole
makers wanted; custom work. 509 Kearny,
room 2.
SOLICITORS; salary at start and big com-
mission: call this morning. Room 33, 26
O'Farrell st.
WANTED First-class vest maker and appren-
tice and boy for pressing. 578 Natoma.
WANTED— 4 ladles who want to make $10 a
week. Call 114 Jones St.. San Francisco.
FIRST-CLAPS finishers on custom coats:
steady work. 222 Kearny st.
BOYS wanted: apply Monday 8 a. m. 312 Grove.
IRONER wanted In factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market St., room 35.
ACCORDEON pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
ing, pinking. 121 Post, over Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jose aye.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. 103 Post St.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements ami
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st ______________
HELP WANTED —
NO FEE FREE FARE
FOR THE COAST ROAD
TEAMSTERS AND LABORERS
SHIP THURSDAY MORNING
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
RAILROAD WORK
25 laborers, company work, Madera, $1 75 a
day
rockmen, teamsters and laborers for Mar-
tinez, $2 to $2 50 a day
C. K. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
5 CARPENTERS for flume building, $3 a day,
fare advanced; paper-hanger for an institu-
tion, country, $30 and found; 20 laborers and
teamsters $1 75 to $2 a day; farmers; milkers;
choremen. etc. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
HEAD cook, $80; second cook, restaurant, $50;
6 cooks, city restaurants, $9, $10 and $12 a
week; 6 hotel waiters, city and country, $25
and $30; kitchenhands, dishwashers and
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary et.
WANTED— -Eight more miners, $2 75. $2 50 and
$2 25 day; 10 laborers for mine, $26 and board
and $2 day; 10 laborers, near city. $1 27. day
and board; 75 laborers, $1 75, $2 day; 20 team-
sters. $1 75, $2 day; farmers, $25 and $26;
stablemen; butchers' boy, $4 week and found:
2 men and wives, $50 and $67.; woods and
mill men and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— - restaurant cooks. $10 and $12
week: boarding house cook, $35; hotel waiter,
country. $730; coffee saloon waiter. $9 week;
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— For Institution, near city, a night
attendant for boys, $30 per month, with board,
lodging and washing; also attendant for boy 3'
training department, day time, $25 and found;
references required. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for milk route in city, refer-
ences required, $35 and found; 4 laborers
about mine, $2 per day; farmer and wife on
ranch, near city, $40 and found; farmers,
teamsters, milkers and others. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Driver for delivery wagon in city;
young single man with references. W. D.
EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— Second-hand baker, for country
shop, $30 and found: man to can tomatoes for
Institution, $30 and found; blacksmith, near
city, $40 and found. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st.
WANTED— A flrst-class dry goods salesman
for Seattle to take charge of linens, domes-
tics and upholstery goods; must be an aggres-
sive man of sober habits. Address box 777,
Call office, stating experience and salary ex-
pected.
WANTED— Dry goods salesman for dress
goods, silks and linens to go to Seattle. Ad-
dress box 776, Call office, stating experience
and salary expected.
WANTED— Ladies' tailor for Hale's Sacra-
mento store; salary $18 to $22. Apply Ba. m.
to-day HALE BROS., Inc., 935-947 Market.'
BOY and blacksmith to work In shop. 228
Fremont st.
WANTED — Cook for a delicatessen; must un-
derstand cooking large roasts. 218 Powell st.
WANTED — A good working boy as dishwasher
and clean around the store. Delicatessen, 218
Powell st.
WANTED— Errand boy about 15 years; $3 per
week. 211 Sutter St., room 4.
BOOTBLACK wanted; Mexican or Italian pre-
ferred. 2 Eighth st.
BARBER wanted; young man; must be good
shaver; steady job. 167 Ninth St.
WANTED— A strong boy, about 17 years of
age, for a wholesale house. Address, In ap-
plicant's writing, box 782, Call office.
Harnessmakers at 400 Market st.
WANTED— Boy for plumbing; one with some
experience preferred; call early. 120 Eddy st.
WANTED— FIrst-class bushelman. ROSEN-
BLUM & ABRAHAM, 1103 Market st.
WANTED— A good chief cook and 3 good walt-
ters for restaurant. 175 Fourth st.
ERRAND boys wanted. Apply 508 Front st.
WANTED— Experienced tailor by L. CLAR,
Visalia, Cal.; steady work for right man.
BOY about 16 .wanted . for grocery business. .
13:. Geary St., corner Octavia.
NIGHT dishwasher and a day cook wanted at
1436 Turk st.
FOURTH hand cake baker at 911 Larkin st.
UNDERPRESSERS on custom pants and bast-
ers on coats. 541 Market st.
WANTED— Second cook; $8 a week; call early.
105 California Market, California Restaurant.
SHOE-MAKER wanted on repairing. 631 Sac-
ramento st.
BOOTBLACK wanted. 1333 Market st.
4 SHOEMAKERS wanted; steady work. Apply
at 830 Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— A bootblack for barber shop. 115
Larkin st. ... '..-t '
BARBER shop and bathhouse near new race
track; cheap if called for Immediately; this Is
' a splendid chance. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
BARBERS— chairs: paying shop; $75; rent
$10; must sell; sickness. Inquire 533 Sixth
st. ; grocery.
HELP WANTED —
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANTED TO-DAY AT 7 A. M.,
Help for Utah, Oregon, Washington, Hawaii-
an Islands, Arizona, British Columbia, all
parts of California.
69 farm hands $35, $30, $26, $20 and found
12 milkers $30 and $25 and found
25 chore men, boys for farms, factories, learn
trades, manufacturing companies, etc., $30,
$26, $25, $20, $15, $10 and found '...
20 men to pull beans, fare $1.. $30 and found
2 men handy with tools $175 day
12 boys for a city manufacturing company to
learn" trades, $3 50 to $6 week
STABLEMEN EDGERMAN
27 stablemen, city and country, $50, $45. $40,
$30, $25 and found
Edgeiman, fare paid, see boss here $65
12 plow teamsters, fare $1 50... 530 and found
25 section R. R. hands $35 and found
DRILLERS, TALLYMEN
26 single and double hand $2 75 day
Corner men. bench hands, muckers, etc
Slate splitters, bloekmakers, cabinetmakers;
3 tallymen to grade good lumber, $77.; 25 la-
borers for a barrel factory $1 75 day
6 stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
wheelwrights, wood turner $3 day
22 teamsters, fare 55c $2 25 day
643 POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED
186 laborers and teamsters for all parts of
California, $3, $2 75. $2 50. $2 day. Come see
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
12 CARPENTERS, sawmill company —$3 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY, BAKERY. ETC
15 cooks • • • '."."""j
*63 $60, $55, $10. $30 and found
14 waiters ' $30. $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30. $25. $20. $15 and found
6 porters, bell and elevator boys ..
7 laundrvmen and pantrymen, $30 and found;
coatmaker; broilers, second, third and fourth;
cooks 2 first, 4 second; third hands and 3
boys 'to learn baking trades. $40. $35, $23
$20, $15 and found; 5 cooks and wives or men
together, $65, $55, $50. $40 and found.
ABOVE places are for hotels, restaurants, pri-
vate families, saloons, mines, boarding-
houses. institutions, ranches, railroad camps;
come and see us. MURRAY & READY. 634
and 636 Clay st. \ --■■■"-■' ;
BIG WAGES MINES 37 MINES
2 men to run underground cars $60
16 laborers, fare $1 50 (no experience) $60
35 laborers, fare $3 50, sliver mine.. found
26 laborers, fare $2 50 $52 and found
16 laborers, northern mine $63
63 laborers (no experience), $57 per month,
with board and lodgings
14 miners $2 25, $2 50, $2 75 day
GREAT CROWDS. .MURRAY & READY,
GOING DAILY' 634 and 636 Clay St.
NOT CONTRACTORS'
BUT COMPANY WORK
25 laborers, Inside work (no experience re-
quired). $2 to $2 75 day, fare 75c, steady job;
25 laborers, manufacturing company, fare 80 .
$60. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
WE SHIP YOU FREE
TO EVERY RAILROAD
In California but one; drillers, hammersmen.
laborers, stone masons, teamsters, etc.; wages
from $3 50 day; board and lodgings $4 50 week-
ly: (we do not ship to Coast Railroad.) MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED HELP WANTED
Farmer and wife, no other woman on ranch,
fare $1 50, $33 and found; man and wife for j
mines (no experience), $35 <
6 farmers and wives 5 cooks and wives, j
$60, $55, $50, $40, $30 and found. Come and see
us. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay.
PUBLIC WORK BY COUNTY SUPERVISORS
12 laborers, fare $1 7,0, 6 months' Job, $2 25 day: I
12 teamsters, fare $1 50, fi months' Job. $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
WE PAY YoUR FARES SHIP TO-DAY !
To 27 sawmills, woods. in beautiful Mendo-
cino, Humboldt, Santa Cruz, Sonoma, Fresno,
Shasta and 15 ether counties, 284 laborers,
men to learn to run machines, etc. ; $26 to $40
and found; ("no experience required"), you
will suit; wooamen. sawmill men. tiemakers,
woodchoppers, Dicket makers, etc., by the
hundreds; $90, $85. $80, $75, $60, $50, $40, $30 and
found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
IN SAN FRANCISCO
174 laborers and teamsters, some manufac-
turing companies, $2 50, $2, $1 75 day. MUR-
RAY & READY, 631 and 636 Clay st.
GOOD JOBS— READ THEM
Harnessmaker, R. R. outfit, $35 and found;
$40 and found, 5 strong men as deckhands...
16 blacksmiths and helpers, 4 camp black-
smiths, $2 50 a day and $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and C 36 Clay St.
ERRAND boy wanted. Apply before 9 a. m.
530 Commercial st.
WAITER wanted at 613 Clay st.
PAPERHANGER and painter wanted. 900
Stockton st.
WANTED— boy for grocery and bar; Ger-
man erred. NW cor. 9th and Harrison.
$77. PER month can be made by reliable man:
permanent place; light work; must have
small capital. 1032 Market St., room 4.
FIRST-CLASS tailors wanted. COHN, 332 Sut-
ter st. .
CLERK for grocery; references; $15. .WALL-
MAN. Pine and Laguna sts.
BARBER'S small shop; a bargain; good prices;
short hours. 503 Washington st.
WANTED— 2 young men to sell potatoes on
commission. 1126 Harrison St., 5 p. m.
YOUNG man with experience to work In butch-
er shop; about 20 years old. 450 Cortland aye.
TO Tailors— Good coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS. London Tailor. 721 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9 a. m. to
(HAS. LYONS. London Tailor, 721 Market st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
JEWELERS— 32B Bush st., room 4, Third floor.
TWO good iron workers wanted. Apply at
Herman Safe Factory. 417 Sacramento st.
• ALL round butcher for country. Address box
255, Call office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to SOc. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BAND sawyer and shaperman; engineer; bench
hand. East Oakland Planing Mill.
OLD gold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HARRIS.IS Grant.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages;
call or write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Men to work on grade of Valley R.
R. ; fare one way if employed 10 days; new
management; no discount on wages; reason-
able board. Apply to E. M. CARR, Pinole.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
In 6 weeks; expert instructions; Saturday
wages: call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard st.
WANTED— painters to buy lots or
cottage and lot and pay partly In painting
work. THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
' LABORERS wanted for work at Point Rich-
mond; wages $2. JAS. A. McMAHON, 210
Spear St. a
i .EXPERIENCED machine salesmen can make
Al contracts. White Co.. 300 Post st., 7 p. m.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free emplov-
j m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 162.
; FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
[ window dresser. Apply box 2272. Call.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 4G6 McAllis-
ter st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 25c
per night. Lindell, 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for i $1,
postage paid. :-■...-- o
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, .subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ■'
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
Iti;GU_Aß~weekly : au^tton^_Ue~TUESDAY at
11 o'clock at the Ormonde Sale Stables, 1517-
-1519 Mission St.. between -- Eleventh and
Twelfth, of choice, sound,' well-broke young
horses Just from | the country; we will be
pleased to hitch and show the above stock '
,"-. In harness any time up to day of sale. S.
WATKINS & CO., auctioneers. N. B.— Sales
of horses direct from the country every Tues-
day at 11 a. m. _^
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
50 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St., between Twelfth and
Brady: also some fine matched black teams.
FOR SALE— Stylish carriage team: sound and
gentle. CENTENNIAL STABLES. 1521-1525
California st. .
FOR sale — A number of Work, road and busi-
ness horses. , Tomkinson's Livery Stable, 57
• Minna St., bet. First and Second.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call;
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
— LODGING FOR SALE.
$225— HOUSE, 18 rooms; 3d st., nr. Market; rent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PARTIES wishing to sell lodging houses see
BASILE, 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
$1600— SNAP; £5 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $100 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
R. H. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market St.
OVER WON MILLINERY STORE—
15 rooms; Taylor st.: elegant: only $600
20 rooms; central; great sacrifice 500
_ rooms: corner; cost $2200; see it 1000
32 rooms; sunny corner; snap 1050
WE 'have houses to suit the wants of buyers;
we do not advertise prices, but invite Intend-
ing buyers to call and investigate our nu-
merous bargains we offer In houses; we loan
money to buyers at 2 per cent. SCHWEIN-
HARD & CO., 1007% Market St., near Sixth.
$165— ROOMING house on Howard st.; must
sell. COWING & CO., 995 Market St.
FOR sale— Lodging house of 14 rooms; always
taken; near the ferry. Box 757, Call.
$57,0— PHILADELPHIA HOUSE, 421 Bush St.;
48 fur, rooms: gas and water In every room.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 11 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market St.
Houses— 1 Flats— 7-
-1661 Octavia. lGr — $150 i 417 Jones, 6r $27 50
191. Clay, 12r 77 j is:;;: Howard, 6r... 21
811 Mission, 9r 37 1 2428 Geary, 6r 20
707 Ellis, 6r 23 789 Haight, 7r.... 20
1241 Sanchez, 5r 13 1609 Turk, 6r 17 50
LAGUNA, 1715 2 sunny modern houses, each of
8 rooms and bath; newly papered.
WASHINGTON. 2415— House of 9 rooms and
bath; desirable location. Apply on the prem-
ises from 11 to 12 daily or at LANDRY C.
BABIN, 413 Kearny st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
TO rent— 9-room lodging house; rear entrance;
newly painted, papered. 3 1 H ' _ O'Farrell st
6-ROOM house, all new, for sale; partner leav-
ing city on account sickness. 40S I*.1 *. O'Farrell.
9-ROOM lodging-house, with private entrance
In rear; newly painted, papered. 313% O'Far-
rell St., near Mason. Apply 15 Grant aye.
$12 50—11 SUNNY' rooms, bath; barn: garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bldg.
ADVANCES at lowest Interest: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
LOST AND FO. XD.
'ST— October 4, on Kearny, Market or Geary
sts., sunburst brooch set with pearls and
small diamond. Return to 1515 Scott st. ; lib-
eral reward.
LOST— October 9, at 10 a. m., on Market st.,
Morocco bill book. Suitable reward to finder
by leaving same at 181 Fourth st.
LOST October 8. a silver terrier. Please re-
turn to 1363 Golden Gate aye. and receive re-
ward.
LOST— Llewellyn setter; name on collar J.
KOSCHNITZKI. Return to 107 Germania
aye. ; liberal reward.
LOST Hand satchel with baby's necessaries;
probably at the Park; reward. 543 Market st.
LOST A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of GENEVRA CURRY; No. 233-1200.
Tne finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of THOMAS DOWNS. No. 155— 1297;
finder will please return to bank.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH. 220 California St.. r. 7.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MEDICAL.
A— DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness
and 1362 Market, has returned from Europe
and is now at 118 Eddy; 15 years' practice in
S. F. ; the doctress has traveled extensively
in Europe and inspected thoroughly the vari-
ous hospitals there, obtaining a great deal of
valuable Information; cures when others fail;
well-known, reliable, cure, $5; grntd.; mater-
nity home; regular physician. Hours 9 to 9.
RHEUMATISM, LUMBAGO AND ERYS.IPE-
LAS— A positive cure obtained by a volun-
teer at the Philippine Islands, during the
war with Spain, from a dying native doctor;
will send receipt free to any sufferer sending
two-cent stamp for postage. R. J. MARTIN,
T""'j Mission St., San Francisco.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny
rooms; best of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENER, phone Pine 2781; residence,
1312 Golden Gate aye.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician: consul-
tation free; home In confinement; guaranteed;
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post St., between
Hyde and Larkin.
MRS DR. WYETH, ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; low fee.
942 Post st., between Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL. ladies' physician. 1122 Mar-
ket st.. bet. Mason and Taylor: hours 9 to 5.
MRS. ALLEN, ladies' physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove: 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ladles' physician. 510
Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. DAVIES. ladles' physician. 122$
Market St.. bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MINES AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale la
paying gold mine at $1 per share; will ad-
vance to $3 within six months; owner needing
money must sacrifice;, purchaser may deal
with owner direct. W. F. ARAM, Mills bldg.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023. Mission
St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN, 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
15,000 SECOND-HAND hard brick. Inquire 167
Fremont St.. MEESE & GOTTFRIED CO.
A BEAUTIFUL pair of diamond screws for $43;
cost $70. UNCLE HARRIS. 13 Grant aye.
FOR sale — Second-hand shaftings, pulleys,
h-..gers, 1 saw table, one Sturtevant blower.
ROBERTS', 1613 Market St. .
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
complete. 1915 Mission st., near Fifteenth.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
SAFES— and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St., tel. Main 5086.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion safes, vaults etc. The
Waltz Safe Co., 109-111 Market St., S. F., Cal.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage ' engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO.. 1309 Mission st., near Ninth.
A— s3 50 DERBY* and Fedora hats, $1 77. Pop.
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SIX h. p. gasoline engine: also 15 h. p. portable
boiler. engine. Krogh Mfg. Co., Stevenson st.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap: old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN. 648 Mission, pays good commission.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies
boilers and engines. H. S. White, 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus: bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 100 Montgomery st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 In.: gas eng.. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. .12 75; fine suit $10 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST and best In Am.rica-The Weekly
S iV i* b a £ sent to any address In the
Lnited States, postpaid, for $1 per year. ,
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.,
WAN T c' To hire. 10 first-class scraper teams
STON" Ermht.rst Pea<i bars : long job. E. B.
STONE, Elmhurst.
A "^f. di . es ," or gents' clothing, furniture bought.
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Lnnd-ck°- ft Co.. US Montgomery.
. MONEY TO LOAnT
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
o.™0 .™ T n T° removal; low rates: confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Pow.ell st.
MONEY to loan; quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH, 220 California St.. room 7.MONEY TO LOAN.
lunt of furniture, pianos, without re-
>r any other good rtcurlty; payable.
Installments or as a whole; if you
ilance on the purchase price we will
id carry tho loan a* lung as yotUde-
ld red tape and publicity; sea us first
be waited upon quietly and qu.ckly.
■> Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
mt at « per cent: Ist! 7.1 and 3d mort-
odlvlded interests, real estate .n pro-
irtgages and legacies bought; no de-
riv terms before doing business else-
It.' McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
i furniture er pianr-s in S. P., Oak-
Alameda at lowest rates without
'■ ,no commission; no delays. J.
\\ 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Icphone_South 14.
-isition; any amount; 6 per cent first.
tortgages, estates In probate, interest
■s. legacies, life Insurance; chattel
:-s: confidential: advice free. G. E.
room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
lavs; try all others, then see me $7.0 to
6 'per cent : Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
ates in prrbate. undivided Interests tn
egacles and mortgages bought; advice
»y furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
Loan Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
n any kind of security; prosecute or
awsults In all courts on contingent
ploy able counsel. . gal advice free
3r;at office. 214 Pine St.. room 64.
respectable and private place to ob-
ral advances on diamonds and Jew-
the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
6 Market St.; telephone Main 1644*;
9. Third st.
furniture, pianos. Jewelry, stock; low
11. HDSON. 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
3LE place to borrow money on dla-
awelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth.
-,ed to salaried people on ncte with-
ser.__MOßßELL__6o9J^xamir.er bldg_
« W0; lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs.; :
sltlon. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery,
ire. pianos, without removal; no
on; private. LICK, 116 McAllister St.
aned salaried people en their notes
ridorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott big.
roperty is mortgaged and you need
ley see H. MURPHY, 6:10 Mar: ' -'■
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
i selling good upright pianos for $4
$6 per month, we as.* you to investl-
approve this method; prices are the
If purchased for all cash; bargains
econd-hand uprights upon same easy ;
and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
tonth. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
i Francisco, and Thirteenth and
y. Oakland.
' ELY tho oldest and largest house |
Chicago is OHLER fc CHASE'S.
I CO O'Farrell St.: pianos, organs and
musical Instruments of all grades
•s: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
'slble done to please and satisfy th.
'
■
.OOD BARGAINS,
ig. Curtnz. Stelnway, Steck; condl-
las new; easy payments. BENJ.
i „ SON. Chlckerlng agents. 16-IS-20
right for $100; Hemme _ Lor,-* $175;
225: Decker & Son. $350; all bargains
'AlS', 769 Ma rket st.
rood pianos at reasonable prices and
terms at MAUVAIS'. 763 Market St.
lardman upright, case slightly dam-
great bargain. THE J. DEWING
IV. second floor. Flood building.
Stelnway tight; cheap for cash.
Flood building. 4th and Market sts.
HTS. J69 up; installments. $7. 73 up:
up (allowed en snlei. Heine, 13« Ellis.
DOER. 412 Sacramento et., agent for
Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
JAIN — Steinway upright cheap.
Z. 16 McAllister, next Hibernla Bank.
no in storage on sale cheap for cash.
'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
RIGHT piano In fine condition; also
us Hornung Eros. 216 McAllister st.
telnway upright; also the famous
Bros.' pianos. 216 McAllister st.
iv. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 30S
Post st.
WANTED— 2 tare Pianos and 4 Cabinet Or-
gans. BYRON MAUZY. 30S Post st.
KNAI pianos; new scale; new Btyles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call 36 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
.rostnge paid.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
FOR rent or for lease, 953 Howard at., large
store and large concrete basement.
OIL LANDS TOR SALE.
_
Vi SECTION-
OIL LAND.
In the famous oil belt of Kern Count}', Kern
River District.
Apply by letter or In person to
WILLIAM ELLERY.
89 Crocker Building.
PALMISTRY.
I-IME7!_.i_RGT._usr^u^ of Cm7nTiT~_er-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes:
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m.; reading by mail. 11.
PERSONALS.
GIRL baby for adoption. MRS. DR. FUNKE.
!1416 Eighth st., ha-.rd._ser— H&irdress-
EDERER, the popular hairdresser— Hairdress-
ing, 25c; shampoo. soc: switches, $1 up; mani-
curing. 25c; bleaching roots of hair. 50c: long
hair. 75c. <; LEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
EDERER'S . XT' iNK 'A cleanses the scalp,
suttens and gives fine gloss to the hair; 37>c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
. KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st. i
ARRIAGE bureau; estab. 3<?S7; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
A NEW method for the permanent removal of
superfluous hair without electric needle and
all kinds of disfigurement of the face, by the
well-known DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law. and Copyright
No. I Sutter St., Laws a Specialty
Fan 7>"rancisco. .'al. American and Foreign
Fend for circular. ; Patents Solicited.
SSOKTMENT of Imported and domestic rem-
nants for suits to order, $10 75; pants. $3 75;
nothing higher. One-Price Tailoring Co., 1644
Market st.. under St. Nicholas Hotel.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third t.. near Market; "'-'J rooms;
2,' c to $150 i.er night; $150 to $6 per week; !
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. |
WORKS of art worth $100,000 on exhibition at |
Palace of Art. 16 Post st. Ladles with escorts !
admitted from 8:30 p. m. to 11. .0 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.'
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. KTTINGER'S. 723 Maiket st. I
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop; goods bought.
sold, exchanged. 727 Dupont St., nr. CaL
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verite
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 448.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH. 30S Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sewing machines; no fric-
tion. White Sewing Machine Co., HO Post st.
MME. LOUISE'S manicure par -or ha» removed
frcm O'Farrell to 132 Eddy 6t.
MLLE. CLAIRE 'HAND, manicure par-
lers. 23S Kearny St., first floor, rooms 2-3,
JAMES A. SORENSON. watchmaker and Jew-
tier, removed to 103 Sixth St.. near Mission.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal \
garments: also remodeling. IC4 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured; examination free.
Drs. Mansfield _ Porterfleld, 83S Market St.-
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy St.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing. call on 11. COHEN, 157 Third st.
RUPTURE. Stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarnntd. Dr. Gordln. 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
SUITS to order on cosy Installments. L.
I.EMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth. ,
WANTED— gold for manufa'ng. O. Noite,
Jeweler. 241 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for E cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 1.1- year.
PARTNERS WANTED.
WANTED— By auctioneer, man that thorough-
ly- understands furniture business. Address
box 755. Call office. _^^
LADY In business wishes a lady partner.
Box 778. ■■'.iii. -
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest ♦stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal, Camera Co., 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
U'2l'. Market st., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
TO buy or rent chicken ranch In vicinity of
S. F. Address SCH.MAL/., 220 Kearny st.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
2 COTTAGES, Nineteenth st . $_->■'. 4-room cot-
tage. Eighteenth St., $2500; modern cottage,
$3500, good location. German-American, 34
Kearny st.
$2000 $2000 $2000 $2000
FOR SALE-TOR SALE.
I -N
EASY TERMS— SAME AS RENT.
NEW MODERN HOMES.
JUST COMPLETED.
SIX ROOMS, BATHS AND BASEMENTS.
OS-
VERMONT AND KANSAS STS., NR. ISTH.
GO BEE THEM.
OUR REPRESENTATIVE ON PREMISES.
CENTER _ SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them,
call on W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st.
$23.000— BUSINESS property; 23 furnished
rooms; stores; good Income. Owner, box 210,
Call office.
$3100— Rents $30; . Broadway bay-window 5 and
. room flats. Inquire 112S Vallejo st.
CORNER house and lot; 96x80; also stable; re-
duced to $1500. Owner 1439 Shotwell St.
A WEEK'S news Tor 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1* pages, in wrapper, for mailing. ?l per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
$3500: WORTH $7000.
Lot 100x200. corner San I/eandro road and
Rose St., '.:. Fitchburg; new building, con-
taining store, saloon. 7 rooms, all Improve-
ments; In perfect order; fine garden; stable
and Warehouse; 9 rustic outhouses; elegant
roadside resort; must be sold; account sick-
ness of owner. Apply on premises to C.
CLUNDT; San Leandro electric car passes
door; also branch office Call, Oakland.
TO lease— Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
Creek, S miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
watered, weeded; 250 res good -train land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable milk or
stock ranch; railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. ( Tin-In Park,
IMPROVED, .0 acres, mostly peaches, full
bearing: 5 acres alfalfa; house, barn and
other bulldincs; crop this year brought $S5O.
T. A. BELL, room 612, Hearst building.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUENA VISTA aye., 449. near Golden Gate
Park— 4 elegantly furnished room*: large yard.
BUSH, 633—2 furnished rooms for housekeeping;
also 3 unfurnished rooms.
BUSH, 1203—3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; bath. pas. stove; with or without piano.
CLAY. 2421. In rear, near Fillmore— 2 unfur-
nished upper rooms: water; rent $7.
DORLAND St.. 33. off Guerrero, near Eight-
eenth— 3 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
$10. '
EDDY. 604— Nice sunny room and kitchen, com-
plete for housekeeping.
EIGHTH, 348. near Market— 2 sunny double
front parlors, I with kitchen and bathroom;
furnish-. tor housekeeping; private family.
ELEVENTH. 120— 3 sunny furnished rooms;
modern conveniences; $15.
FIFTH. 37)3— Furnished housekeeping; 8 con-
necting. $13: also single. $5 to $7.
FULTON. 12U_— 3 sunny front rooms; range;
water; '.are- yard; rent $16.
GEARY. 3S4— Suite of sunny furnished front
rooms and kitchen; 522.
GEARY. Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rocms; phone.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— Rooms for house-
keeping: reasonable; single room. $5.
HARRISON. 75CA— Furnished or unfurnished: 2
tunny front and bath In a private family;
rent heap.
HOWARD. Nicely furnished rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; running water; rent
reasonable.
HOWARD, 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keeping: running water.
IF you' re short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
MARKET, IS24— Front sunny suite; newly fur-
nished; rent $17.
SUNNY front suite. $10; downtown. Box 765,
Call.
THIRD.3I6— Housekeeping rooms, single or In
suite.
TFRK, 1717— A part of nice floor, parlor, bed-
room, kitchen, connecting; porcelain bath;
tiled sink; very cozy; suitable for man and
wife; JIT. \ "
TURK. 407., cor. Hyde— Sunny corner room;
light housekeeping; $10.
VAN NESS aye., 400— Complete for housekeep-
ing, I large corner rooms; sun all day; sta-
tionary tubs; fine yard.
VAN NESS. Finely furnished sunny
suites for housekeeping; also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Lnfarn.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
27.c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
Lath; rooms BOc to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 52 Second St., double rooms for week. $150
to $3; single, $1 to $1 50; day, 27.c to 50c.
BURNETT. 1426 Market told No. -Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLARA, IG6, near Fifth— 2 furnished rooms; $8;
also 3 unfurnished rooms.
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rcoms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY, 207— Nice sunny room; gas; bath; quiet
house; J5 per month.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedaie Hous?)— Nice rooms, 25c
a night, $1 a week up: reading room.
FELL. IIS — Sunny bay-window room, $10; sin-
gle, $5; side room,. $8.
GEARY. 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; also
single rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room: elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715—200 sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished: every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHES HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
25c to 7,..-. per night; $150 to $3 per week.
JONES, 100. cor. Golden Gate aye.— Sunny
room: gentleman only; bath; $14.
LARKIN. 621— Sunny rooms, nicely furnished;
gas and bath; rent moderate.
-
LARKIN, 804— Small sunny room, furnished. $4.
McALLISTER, 515— Nicely furnished rooms to
let; rent reasonable.
McALLISTER. 702Vi— Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MINNA. 667, comer E'ghth- Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1150; nicely furnish sunny front
rooms: also housekeeping rooms.
"NEWPORT." 21 Franklin, nr. Market— Largs
bay-win. rms. and single, $5 up; also hskpg.
OAK. 386 Nicely furnished sunny room; private
family; gas, bath: cheap.
OCTAVIA. 1103. corner Geary— l or 2 sunny
front bay windows; gents preferred.
O'FARRELL. 537— Large room, suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen; private family.
POLK, 1827— Sunny front rooms; housekeeping;
2 car lines; bath: private; reasonable.
POST, 837— Nicely furnished suite and double j
parlor: hot and cold water. ■ .-■: «■ • ■"
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2. Eighth St., i
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 303— Housekeeping rooms, $2 per week;
also "single rooms for men.
TURK, 601— Nice sunny room; bath; private
family; reference; $3.
VAN MESS, 904— Elegant sunny alcove and
other room; quiet, central and private.
A BRANCH offlce'lor Call advertisements and '
•subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- j
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call, j
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year. '
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES, j
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing nt lowest rates. 205 Fourth st I
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.;
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 101 Post, cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
THE SAN CISCO CALL., TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10. 1899.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
SACRIFICED — 4 elegant new houses In course
of construction on 23d St., bet. Grove and
West; all modern improvements: street work,
sidewalks done; small payment down; balance
monthly if desired; houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. H. SIMPSON, 515 2Cth.
LADlES!— Chichester's English Pennyroyal
Pills are the best: safe, reliable; take no
other; send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief
for Ladles." In letter by return mall; at drug-
gists. Chichester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened. $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d st.
NICE private home In confinement; most rea-
sonable price in cltv. Mrs. M. Pfelffer, mid-
wife. 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., rcoms 9-10; tel. 5520.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
■^ -k— . , ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GRAND real estate auction sale of several
choice houses and lots; also 1 chicken ranch:
Alameda, Oakland and Elmhurst; sale Sat-
urday. Oct. 21. at 2 p. m. Do not fail to
attend this sale, as most of the places are
to be sold by order of the court. Particulars
in next week's papers. Send for Illustrated
Catalogue. Sale at ,T. A. MUNRO & CO., Auc-
tion House, 1517 and 151? Park st, Alameda.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FFNKE. 1416 "th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
. A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
' the proposed extension of the university
, grounds, can be had by sending a2c stamp to
JOSEPH J. MASON. Real Estate, adjoining
j P. 0.. Berkeley.
LIVE under your own vine and fig tree; a
lovely home of 7 rooms; all modern improve-
I ments; near to cars and university: lot 50x135.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining P.
1 0., Berkeley.
FINE level lot handy to trains, schools, etc..
for sale cheap en easy terms by O. G. MAY
& CO.. Berkeley, cole agents for Shattuck
Tract.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
1 .lited States, postpaid, for 11 per year.
BERKi-LEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent, in desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with
stable, chicken-house and large yard: con-
• venient to trains and university grounds. Ap-
ply to J R. LITTLE, Berkeley station.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRMTVALE REAL - ...TATE.
SALE or exchange Modern 2-story house, Just
j built; 8 rooms, two more added If desired;
will be finished tO suit buyer or sold as it is
at a great sacrifice; former owner could not
complete house; on Frultvale aye.; delight-
ful neighborhood: street work well done;
j electric cars pass the door; city water and
sewer school close by; price $7 0; will make
terms to suit: call 455 Seventh St.. near cor-
I ncr Broadway. Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
owner.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.'
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY:
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$50 CASH, JS 7.0 monthly till paid, for chicken
run: 150x256; sandy loam soil; plenty of good
water; .level land; site and climate the best;
no fogs nor cold winds: 3 buildings now com-
pleted; over 100 lots sold In ten days; West-
all Tract, adjoining East Oakland, near elec-
tric car line and 90-foot boulevard; not far
from a fine school: price all told $."90. Call or
send for circular 47.5 Seventh St.. near cor.
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. 11. Z.
JONES, owner.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath, barn: 559
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. - (25c per
share) of the KILAUEA SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will he payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st., on
and after MONDAY, October 16, 1.99. Trans-
fer books will close on TUESDAY, October
10, 1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No S (35c per
share) of the PAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTA-
TION COMPANY, will be payable at the of-
| fice of the company, 727 Market St., on and
after TUESDAY, October 10, 1599. Transfer
books will close on SATURDAY, October 7,
1899, at 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
j OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 229. Crocker building. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. October 6. 1899— Coupon due Oc-
tober 12, 1899. from first Mortgage six (8)
per cent bonds of Sierra Railway Company of
California will be paid nt the fiscal agency
j of this company, the Crocker-Woolworth Na-
tional Bank, on and after that date.
;>:- S. P. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of Commissary Quartermaster, Van-
couver Barracks, Washington, Oct. 7. 1599. —
Sealed proposals In duplicate will be received
and filed at the depot quartermaster's of-
fice. Phelan building. San Francisco, Cal.,
by 11 o'clock a. m.. October 12. 1899, for fur-
nishing 800,000 pounds of good merchantable
oats: contract subject to Increase or decrease
of 20 per cent; delivery to be made within
twenty days after award at Portland,
Oregon. United States reserves right to re-
ject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
j should be marked "Proposals for forage," and
addressed to undersigned. J. W. JACOBS,
chief Quartermaster.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Edgar Keithley and Leonore' M. Ferrer.... 33-20
Edgar C. Smith and Sophie C. Saxtorph... 2s-24
George Schafcr and Louise Gall 22-20
Jerome Meyer and Fredertque Bernard 32-25
George B. Lake and He lwlg Witterberg.. .29-24
Joseph Herring and Anna Nolan 27-25
Marc A. Simon and Annie McMahon 21-22
Newton J. Edmlnster and Annie L. Davis.. 2l-13
Carl Frazak and Christina Braskewitz 40-3.
Adam M. Ritchie and Eva Winter 88-2.
Bert Parkson and Alvira Carl 21-17
John c. Terry and May M. Thomas 27.-22
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
FOLEY— In this city. October 5. 1899, to the
Wife of Richard Foley, a daughter.
GREENE— In this city. September 17, 1599, to
the wife of Louis F. Greene (nee Rosenbohm),
a daughter.
LANG— In this city, September 29, 1899, to the
wire of Jacob Lang, a son.
McISAAC— In this city. October 8, UN, to the
wife of John It. Mclsaac, a daughter. .3B_S|
NOON— this city, October 7, 1699, to the
wife of Thomas Noon, a son.
SPINGLER— In San Jose, October 7, 1899, to the
wife of James Splngler, a son.
MARRIED.
CHRISTIANSEN— GUSTAVSEN— In this city,
October 7, 1899, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud.
Oluf Christiansen and Emma Gustavsen, both
of San Francisco.
KNFTSEN— In this city, October
7, 1899, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud, Corne-
lius Knutsen and Severine Edwards, both of
San Francisco.
MASON— HOFMANN— Providence, R. 1.. Oc-
tober 2, 1899. by the Rev. F. B. Pullan, as-
sisted by the Rev. George C. Adams of San
Francisco, James F. Mason of New York and
Louise A. Hofmann of San Francisco.
OBERG HANSEN— In this city. October 7.
18a9, by the Rev. Philip Coombe, Fritz Oberg
and Marguerite Hansen, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SIMONSEN— In this city, October
7, 18-*, by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud. Chris-
tian Slmonsen and Metta Maria Sorensen,
both of San Francisco.
RENSTROM— DAHLBERG— In this City, Oc-
tober 7, 1899, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
John Albln . Renstrom and Alma Dahlberg,
both of San Francisco.
DIED. ~~~
Aull. Charles • McCarthy. Maurice 3.
Besazza. Frank 3. McDermott. Francis
Borland. James Mlchaelis, George
Brucker, Edward W. Miller. Annie
Colton. Abbie L. Nielsen, Mollle -
Cutting, Sarah K. Pratt, Sarah
Domett. William E. Quinn, James J.
Ferguson, Catherine Rosenberg, Ike
Gibson, Mary M. Shaw, Isabel A.
'Guenln. Eleonora Silverstein, Hannah
Hansen, Christine D. Simpson, Joseph H. :
Houghton. Charles A. Warren, W. W.
Jurgens. Carolina Weeden, Christopher
McAuliffe, Francis J.
AULL— In Folsom, October 9, . 1899, Charles
Aull, a native of Missouri, aged 50 years.
ITTTFuneral from the Folsom prison to-mor-
row (Wednesday), at 11 o'clock.
BESAZZA.— In this city, October 7, 1899, Frank
Joseph, beloved husband of Mary Besazza,
and father of Madeline, Katie, Frankle, Ma-
mie and Ida Kesazza, a native of Austria,
aged 49 years 5 months and 20 days.
(TT-TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 725 - ValleJo street, between Powell and
Stockton, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul's
Church, corner of Filbert and Dupont streets,
where services will be held, commencing at
9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery,
by carriage.
BORLAND— In Oakland. October 8. 1899, James,
beloved husband of Margaret Borland, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 72 years 1 month
and 9 days.
BRUCKER— In this city, October 9, 1899. Ed-
ward W., youngest and beloved son of Anton
and Rosa Brucker, and brother of Frank,
Sophie and Rosa Brucker, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 months and 21 days.
COLTON— In this city, October 9, 1599, Abbie
L Colton, a native of New Albany, Ind.
E-Trlends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from the parlors of A. W. Martin
6 Co., 118 Geary street. Interment private,
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
CUTTING— In this city, October 8, 1899, Sarah
X., widow of the late Lewis Cutting, a na-
tive of Lancaster. Mass., aged 92 years 6
months and 14 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the First Unitarian Church, corner of Geary
and Franklin streets. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
DOMETT— In this city, October 9, 1899, Wil-
liam E. Domett, a native of Boston, Mass.,
aged 72 years 6 months and 2 days.
FERGUSON— In this city, October 7, 1899.
Catherine, beloved wife of Edward B. l<ergu-
son, and mother of -William and Roger J.
Ferguson, a native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
877 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday) at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. I
GIBSON— In this city, October 8, 1899, Mary
Margaret, youngest daughter of James C.
Gibson, and sister of Anna E. Gibson, a na-
tive of Weaverville, Cal. :-."-'-.
IC~ Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Tuesday), at 8:80
o'clrck from 2819 California street, between
Devlsadero and Broderlck, thence to St. Dom-
inic's Church, corner of Bush and Stelner
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
held for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
GUENIN— In this city. October 9. 1899. Eleo-
nora Guenln, beloved mother of Alice Guenln,
and aunt of Mr. and Mrs. Raymon Fos, a
native of France.
7 'Notice of funeral hereafter,
HANSEN— In East Oakland, October 6, 1899,
Christine Dorothea Hansen (nee Dunker), be-
loved wife of Theodor Hansen, and dearly be-
loved mother of Theodor, Christian. Samuel
and Amandus Dunker Hansen, a native of
Fuchsberg by Husum, Schleswig-Holsteln,
Germany, aged 73 years 2 months and 14 days.
tTTTrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, Thirteenth avenue and Twenty-fourth
street. East Oakland, thence to St. Markus
Church, San Francisco, O'Farrell street, be-
tween Franklin and Gough, where funeral
services will be held at 2 o'clock. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
JURGENS— In this city, October 8, 1899. Caro-
lina, dearly beloved wife of R. D. Jurgens,
mother of Mrs. Henry Hartje, Richard Jr.
and Lena Jurgens, .laughter of Henry and the
late Dora' Howekamn. and sister of Mrs. F.
Boese. Mrs. W. H. Tiegeler. Mrs. 11. Luhrlng
and the late Henry and Fred Howekamp, a
native of Hanover. Germany, aged 52 years 10
months and 10 days. A member of St. Paulus
Frauen Verein.
CT7-T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday)] at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 512 Grove street, between i ictavla
nnd ...-iguna, thence to St. Paulus German
Evangelical Lutheran Church, corner Eddy
and Gough streets, where funeral services
will be held comment at 1 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. -
HOUGHTON— this city, October 8, 1599.
Charles Alvin Houghton, beloved husband of
the late Amanda Houghton, a native of Mas-
sachusetts, aged 80 years.
CrT?" Friends and acquaintances are respec*-
fully invited to attend th.- funeral this day
(Tuesday). at 2 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence, 2045 Mission street Interment I. O.
0. F. Cemetery.
Mc\ULIFFE— In this city, October 9. 1899,
Francis Joseph, beloved son of Eocene and
Mars M ' v -' : ''" 1 "' brother of John, Joseph.
Domlntck, Ignatius and Michael McAuliffe
and Mrs. R. -nan. a native of San Fran-
clscO, aged 33 years 9 months and- 9 days.
MCCARTHY— In this city, October '.». 1899, Mau-
rice J., beloved son of John D. and Mary Mc-
Carthy, and brother of Dennis and Mary Mc-
Carthy, Julia McDermott and Mrs. R. Wed-
,!',. . a native of Scarthaslen, County Kerry.
Ireland, aged 30 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday-), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J C O Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services
at 9 o'clock. interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers.
NT ESRMOTT— In this city. October 9, HOP.
Francis, beloved infant son of James and
Lizzie McDermott. and brother of Annie.
James, Ella and Lizzie McDermott.- a native
of Snn Francisco, aged 3 months and 13 days.
MICH AELlS— October 9, 1599, George Michaells,
Infant Bon of George E. ana the late Edith
Nlven Michaells. aged 7 .lays.
: MILLER— in this city, October 9, 1899. Annie,
dearly beloved wife of William Miller, and
mother of Ella, Frank W. and Herbert E.
I Miller, a native of Rochester, N. Y.
NIELSEN— In Sun..!. October 6. 1899, Mollle
I * Nielsen, beloved wife of Captain A. Nlelsert,
mother of Laura, Albertlne, Genevere and
Albert Nielsen, and sister of Mrs. J. A.
Hosta Mrs. D. F. Mulvllle and Mrs. C. T.
i Conlan, a native of San Francisco, aged 37
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. P Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister street,
! thence to St. Brigid's Church, corner of Van
Ness avenue and Broadway, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
! soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PRATT— In this city. October 8, 1599. Sarah,
sister of M- D. and J. A. Pratt, a native of
Prince Edwards island, aged 35 years.
__?• The funeral will take place tht.-t
! (Tuesday) morning, from the catholic church,
Napa, where a requiem mass will be cele-
i brated for the repose of her soul. Remains at
1 the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 167 Mis-
sion street.
; QUINN— anniversary high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of the j sou] of the
late James J. Quinn at St. Patrick's Church.
Mission street, to-morrow (Wednesday), com-
mencing at 8 o'clock. Friends and acquaint-
ances are respectfully invited to attend.
I .ROSENBERG— In Honolulu, September 2.'. 1899,
Ike. dearly beloved son of Samuel ami Sarah
Rosenberg, and beloved brother of Mrs. J.
Seldkin, Mrs. F. Schanmer of Honolulu and
' Morris, Pauline and Reuben Rosenberg, a na-
tive of London, England, aged 26 years 6
months and 22 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from the residence of his mother,
317, Third street. Interment Salem Cemetery.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
11:30 o'clock.
SHAW— In Ferndnle. Humboldt County. Octo-
ber 9, 1899, Isabel A. Shaw, widow of the late
S. L. Shaw, and mother of. J. A. Shaw.
SILVERSTEIN— In this city, October 9, 1899,
Hannah, beloved wife of Morris Silverstein,
mother of Philip and Lewis Silverstein,
daughter of Alvlna Borowsky, and sister of
Jenny, Tlllle. Gussle,- Julia and ■"_„<. Borow-
skv, a native of Placerville, aged 39 years.
(TT-TNotice of funeral hereafter.
SIMPSON— In this city. October 9, 1599, Joseph
H. Simoson, beloved son of James 8. and
Nancy Simpson, and brother of Julia Simp-
son nnd Mrs. Mat tie Taylor, a native of St.
Joseph. Mo., aged 37 years 7 months and S
da;. I.
WARREN— Sari Leandro. October 8, 1.899. W.
W. Warren, a native of Vermont, aged 74
years 11 months and-* days.
(TTTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral. this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late reel-
dence.
WEEDEN— In this city, October 8. 1899, Chris-
topher R. Weeden, a native of Rhode island,
aged 82 years.-' " '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan A- Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
80 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South B<k /Igggg
■Mil" — — — — — ■ ~ — — — i— — ■■—■—_■■■■__■__—'
N. F. Dethlefsen.' Chas. H. Jacob
CHAS. H. JACOB & CO.,
Funeral Directors and Embalmers. 318
Mason street, bet. Geary and O'Farrell
streets. Telephone Main 0213.
11 ' i —-—»——»——_—»
California Fruit Sales.
NEW YORK. Oct. The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day as fol
lows: Grapes— Tokay, single crates, lOcQil 15,
average 99c. Peaches— Salway, boxes, $170
Pears— Bartletts, boxes, JJ 40^2 80, average
$2 78. Prunes— ltalian, single crates, $1 lS^gi
1 20, average SI 16. Unfavorable weather. Nine
cars sold to-day,
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. Grapes— Tokay,
double crates, $2 UM 7,7, average $2 17; single
crates, $110; Cornlchon, double crates, $2 15@
2 40, average $2 20; single crates. 90cfi$l 40, av
erage $1 Oft Two cars sold to-day,
BOSTON, Oct. 9.— Prunes— ltalian, single
I crates, 60@90c, average 86c. Two cars sold
to-day. Unfavorable . weather.
.-:■■•:>' ■ ■ ♦ ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Carl and Marie E. ' Beyfuss to William
Kaiser, 'lot on N line of Post street, 142:6 E
of Scott, E 25 by N 137:6; $10. ::£■';
Catharine Himmelmann to Anna W. Ellis, re
record 1827 d 220. ' lot on NW corner of Broad
way and Baker street, W 40 by N 137:6;
$10,000. , . '
Ward B. and Elizabeth Walkup to Robert
I Pieper, lot on NE corner of Frederick and
; Shrader streets, E 44:44 by N 100; $10.
i Matthew Matulich to Emma Matulich (wife),
lot on S line of Brosnan street. 100 W of
Valencia, W 25 by S 75; gift.
Annie E. and W. H. Wickersham to Ameri
can Surety Company of New York, lot on E
line of York street, 182 N of Twenty-fourth.
N 26 by E 100; $10.
H. L. Simon to G. F. and H. N. Gray, lot
on S line of Clipper street, 80 E of Douglass,
E 80 by S 114; $10.
Vincent P. Buckley to Paolo Arata, lot on
N line of Jackson street, 80 E of Powell, E 57:6
by N 137:6; $10.
Carolina D. E. Ihnen (Grabe) and H. H.
Ihnen to Daniel Giannlnl. lot on NE corner
of Pacific and Jones streets, E 45 by N 60; $10.
Alfred K. and Clara Durbrow to Emma F.
Oesting. lot on E line of Leavenworth street,
20 N of Washington, N 20, E 57:6, N 20, E 10,
S 60, W 10. N 20. W 57:6; $10.
William C. Oesting to same, same; gift.
Mary E. Landrum to Matilda King, lot on S
line of Welsh street, 145 W of Zoe, W 20 by S
80; $10.
Catherine King to same, same; gift.
v : Builders' Contracts.
R. Relmer (owner) with . Henry T. Grleb
(contractor), architect, All work except
gas fixtures and shades for a two-story frame
! structure on lot on SE corner of Filbert and
Stelner streets: $3500.
W. T. Veltch & Bro. (contractors) with
Frank Smith (sub-contractor), architect. Will
iam Knowles— Excavation, brick work and
holding weight for a three-story building on
lot on Union Square avenue (Morton street);
$2465. " ' ' ' •
John Bayle (owner) With Charles M. Lind
say (contractor), architect, Jules Godart— AH
work excepting plumbing. painting, concrete
and brick work to be furnished by owner for
frame cottage over concrete basement on lot
on NE corner of Fifth avenue and M street,
building commencing 300 feet NE from NE cor
ner of Fifth avenue and M street, block SI,
Buthers Reservation; $2997.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
L D Anderson, Danvlle R Garthslde, Pomona
W r C Thomas. S Cruz L E Duddon, Cal
J H Dyer &w, Sacto W H Heies, Pasadena
j D Flint. Sacramento C E Mitchell, L Beach
W T George, Sacto Mrs J J Davis, Cal
M Brennan, Stockton D P Durst, Wheatland
■ E R Tyler. Tulare W Grant, Biggs
H M Meacham, Napa E Meybeer, Chieo
L Balliet, Blue Canyon F F Butler, Tunronto
I V G Clarke, Colo W M Kelly & w. Or
A W Renison, Auburn C G Palmer, Detroit
W S Graham, Auburn Mrs a X Bewail, Or
F. Ii Lane ft w, Chic I Miss S X Bewail, Or
<; O Mair, Portland B Gabriel, Dayton .
! Miss M A (lat;.. Or C H Green, Saginaw
A G Head. Cal B Cohen & w, L Ang
W II Murphy, P Alto W P Coster, Chlco
TUB Anderson, Cal W F Bray S Jacinto
J J Stanly S Rosa W A Anderson, Cal
A II Joy, Sacto G H Hunter. Eureka
C W Lane, Butte T D Pitch, Eureka
T H Shorey, Vallejo R H Edward &w, Cal
M C McKenney, (Tal L Cork, Eureka
1' C Sutter, Ohio It G Walker. Cal
L Rochat, Pasadena 'J A Black, Chicago
N R Fnisom S Mateo W H Cox, Red Bluff
M H Flint. Los An- R P Lewis &w. Mo
I. >; Brown, Los Auk C Jacobs ft w. X York
W C Marsh. Los Ang Mrs W E Thomas, Cal
C H Butterfield. Cal R Cleator, Va City
<; Frampton, Cal T H Foster, N York
E 11 Augustus, L Ang: A McPike, St Helena
S Prager, Los Ang iW B Klncald. N York
: W Cahert, Cal C V Bchabe, Los Ang
: E Rutherford. Canada C II Wallace, S Helena
'. Mrs Banks, Or L A'Bertellng ft w.Cal
; F Thayer, Toronto Mrs Twombly. Mass
E W Turner, Toronto i Misses Twombly, Mass
. W ''apes. Vancouver C E Green, Davisvllle
Mrs M Bennett, Seat S R Sewall, Los Ang
C W Pendleton, L Ang L B Hughes. R Bluff
A Kerr, Seattle M Martin, Sebastapol
I C p Rosecrans, N Mex:L R Davison, S-eatatle
IE O Wenrelch, Sacto L Gillis, Seattle
j Mrs Hagle ft sons, C '" Bart, Redding
1 Vancouver E F didder ft — , Cal .
C X Cadman, Pinole W T Cook ft w. Cal J
I G T McCabe. Oakland J N Bessie. Cal
| W E Meservey, Cal I J F Galbralth. Cal
W Jacks ft w. Cal IM, Demraer, Nelson
j Mrs E W Steele, S L OIE W Steele, S L O
j PALACE HOTEL.
'H B Wood, San Jose IT J Field. Monterey
| Minnie Co*, 111 ' F B Johnson ft w, Cal
I c R Allen. Oakland Dr C P Hlndleberg ft
Mrs C R Allen, Oakld i w. TJ S N
Miss <; Allen, Oakland Mrs Thompson. Tacma
! J I Ruharus, S Lake IT Donlan, Victoria
J F -Detmer, Chicago J S White, Ogden
I Miss R Detmer. Chic M M Cohen, Honolulu
• W M Whlley, V S N W B Trueand ft w,
! I Minetta. Ft Rash San Jose
:II 1. McCauley, N V T Flint Jr & w, Cal
F M Phillips, 0 SS i: P Dunn A- w, Cal
j Solace J H Caruthers, Cal
Frank Lyon, V S N RE Jack. Cal
|W D Leahy. I" s N J F Standing. lowa
} A L Evis ft w. Cal F S Standing. lowa
c 'H Thompson, L Ang H A Allen. Chicago
W P Jeffries. Los AngJT Tsuno. Japan
;If A nines. Los Ang X Takeda. Japan
| A Wankowskl, L Ang |V Ishldzuka. Japan
j 3 M Ashton. Tacoma iK Mori. Japan
: J t struss. Redding I. B Nutting. Honolulu
H Jerusalem. Visalia Mrs L B Nutting,
I M G Nelson, Salmon Rj Honolulu
j 1! C Nelson, Sawtooth R E Dearberg, London
Mountains J s Bagshaull. Toklo
|C F Fecams, Portland JDrO Nachod. ''.,-niy
j A J Duncan, Cleveland Mrs 0 Nachod. Germy
I L II Landon, Chicago Miss Faltin. Germany
! Warner Miller Capt Roknar, England
I Miss Miller Q Neiderlein. Phila
jJ W Strackbeln. 11l A Schmidt, Hamburg
F H Ornam, Redding L E Bohen N York
i E J Lewis, S Diego CD McGrath, Yoko-
I. M Burbeck. S Diego hama
W H Whitisell. LA |F 3 Brown. Olvmpia
i' E Jones, Los Ang S i» Rosenbaum, Cal
Mrs T Bair, Areata W F Bennett, Chicago
F H Buck, Visalia J - Churchill, Yreka
Mrs F H Buck, Cal I J W Churchill, Yreka
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
i M McNeil. Ind C G North. Syracuse
H. Thomas. Pa 0 Phelps, a llejo
IT Thomas. Pa J McMahon, Trinity
A C Hayes & w. Mo 3 H Curtis. Sonera
; J Kirk wood. Mo 3 Kelly. Stockton
.1 R Merchant. Li verm r H Graham. St Caroline
A Cohen, Sacramento ': E Harper ft w. Cal
P J Mogan, San Jose E A Wemple, Chicago
Mrs Orwlg ft f. S DgolM Archibald. Fresno
A R Moulton, Chicago 3 b Cooper ft w. Fres
M Coleman, Sonoma ■' Kearney, Wash
• W J Rockerby. Eastlm. 7 Brickner & v. Cal
j D Singleton. Vallejo M C Mock, s Monica
I Ft Gamboa, S Cruz l(. Ratto. Chicago
j I: L Estrada. S Cruz II Rasona, Ohio
I N Nelson, Oakdale CT Lundt, Marysville
i J Chalton, Boston W Delpel ft w, Seattle
! I Bell. Temescal Mrs Hazel ft f, Seattle
I li Roland, Oakdale 7 Wernel. Mt View
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
CONTINUED FROM PAGE TEN.
! TILLAMOOK— Arrived Oct 9— Schr Maggie C
Russ. from San Pedro.
NEWPORT— BaIIed Oct 9— Schr Peerless, for
Port Blakeley.
j SEATTLE— Arrived Oct. 9— Stmr Jeanie, hence
Sep! 30. via Puget Sound. / \ .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr
South Coast, from Eureka.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 9— Schr Comet,
for San Pedro.
! REDONDO— Arrived Oct 9- Schr Mildred, fm
Seattle.
! WHATCOM— BaIIed Oct 9— Schrs Orient and
Esther Buhne, for San Francisco,
hence Oct 7. ■-'".:>■
BAN REDRO— Arrived Oct 9— Stmr Ban Pedro,
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 9— Ger shio Ferdi
nand Fischer, from Nagasaki.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 9— Stmr Westport,
for . ■
PORT HARFORD— BaIIed Oct Stmr Alca
zar, for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Oct
8— Ship J B Thomas, from Kahulul.
FOREIGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Oct 7— Stmr Mlneola. for
Port Angeles.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Oct 6— Br stmr Wyefleld,
for San .Francisco.
YOKOHAMA- Oct B— Jap stmr Nip
pon Mart 1, hence Sent 12.
MANlLA— Bailed Oct 7— Br Stmr Oarrone. for
Ban Francisco. Oct Stmr Indiana, for San
Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Sept 23— Bark McNear,
from Lay.-an Island; Jap stmr Bankoku Maru.
1 from Yokohama and Kobe. Sept Haw bark
R P Rlthet, hence Sept 6. Sept 26— Haw bark
lolanl, from New York; bktn Omega, from
Iqulque. Bept 27— Br stmr Aorangl, from Syd
ney: stmr Australia, hence Sept _". Sept 27—
Schr J B I-eeds. from Aberdeen. Sept 2b— Ger
ship Theoror, from London, for San Francisco
(In distress). Sept 2S— Stmr George W Elder,
i hence Bent 21; schr II D Bendixson, from Se
attle; stmr Tacoma, hence Sept 21. Sept 30—
Br stmr Warrlmoo, from Victoria; V S stmr
Sherman, hence Sept 23. Oct I— Bktn Klikltat.
from Port Ludlow; stmr City of Peking, from
Yokohama. Oct 2— Schr Endeavor, from Port
Ludlow; I' S stmr Relief, hence Sept 26, 5 days
17 hours.
Balled Sept. 24— Bark Obed Baxter, for Hlogo.
Bept 25— Schr C S Holmes, for Port Townsend;
Br stmr Belgian King, for Manila. Sept 26—
1 Bark Alden Besse, for Ban Francisco; schr
! Inca. for Port Townsend. Sept 27— Bark Louis
i iana, for Port Townsend. Sept 2S— H R M
j stmr Egeria, for Vancouver: bark Martha Da
! vis, for San Francisco: Haw bark Andrew
I Welch, for San Francisco. Sept SO— Br stmr
Warrlmoo. for Sydney: Haw bark Diamond
Head, for San Francisco. Oct I— Stmr George
W Elder, for Manila. -S^Sfts
Cleared Oct 2— Ship Charmer, for Departure
Bay; schr Jessie Minor, for Eureka.
To sail Oct 2— Stmr Sherman, for Manila.
Oct s Stmr Tacoma. for Manila.
KAHI'LI'I— Sept Bark Colusa,
hence Sept 6. Sept 25— Schr Mary Dodge, from
Eureka.
. Sailed Sept 23— Bktn John Smith, for Seattle.
Sept 30— Schr Mary Dodge, for Klhei.
IIONOIPU— SaiIed Sept Schr John O
North, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept Nor stmr
! Thyra. from San Diego. Sept 21— Br stmr Tar-
I tar, from Manila; I' 'S. stmr Warren, hence
I Sept; 2. - Sept 25— U S stmr Nero., from Guam;
stmr Newport, from Manila.
I CIIEMAINUS— SaiIed Oct 8-Shlp Elwell, for
j Melbourne. _ ...
SUPPLIES FURNISHED
THE HOSPITAL.
Continued from Seventh Page.
I from said point to center line of Mission street.
! with storm-water Inlet, culverts etc., on north
; erly and westerly corners of Mission and Cv
! vier streets: eight-inch sewer with two man-
I holes and covers. In Garden avenue, between
I Devlsadero and Broderick streets; granite curbs
I on Burritt street, from "Bush to southerly ter-
I mination of Burritt, roadway to be paved with
' bitumen; twelve- sewer with two manholes,
in Lyon street, between Sacramento and Clay,
to connect with sewer in Sacramento street.
RESOLUTIONS OF AWARD.
Resolutions awarding contracts for the per
formance of street work were adopted as fol
lows: __
City Street Improvement Company, to con
struct a slxteen-lnch sewer with two manholes
and covers, in Bryant street, between Twenty
sixth and Army streets, to connect with sewer
In Army street: $32 50 for each manhole and
$1 15 per lineal foot for sewer construction.
STREET WORK AUTHORISED.
Resolutions authorizing the performance of
street work by private contract were passed to
print as follows: •_. ' , .
City Street Improvement Company, 12-lncn
cower with two manholes, covers, • etc., on
Gough street between Jackson and Pacific
avenue roadway cf same to be paved with j
bitumen, with the exception of a strip 14 feet
! wide In the center to be paved with basalt
! blocks, granite curbs to be laid; Williams,
Belser & Co.. 12-inch sewer with four man
! holes and covers in San Bruno avenue, between
I Division and Fifteenth streets.
! .STREETS CONDITIONALLY ACCEPTED.
Resolutions were passed conditionally ac
'•■ cepting street work as follows:
Kearny street, from Vallejo to Green, bitu
: men _
STREETS FULLY ACCEPTED.
j Resolutions were passed fully accepting the
I following street work: •
Potrero avenue, from Division to Alameda
streets, bitumen: Potrero avenue, from Ala
! meda to Fifteenth streets, bitumen; Potrero
i avenue crossing of Alameda street, bitumen;
Potrero avenue crossing of Fifteenth street,
bitumen; Potrero avenue, from Fifteenth to
Sixteenth streets, bitumen.
Resolutions accepting street work were
passed to print as follows: Crossing of Clay
and Laurel streets, bitumen; crossing of Clay
and Locust streets, bitiynen; crossing of Wash
ington and Laurel streets, bitumen; crossing of
Twenty-ninth and Dolores streets, bitumen.
EXTENSION OF TIME.
Resolutions extending time on contracts for
street work were adopted as follows:
Flinn & Treacy. ten days on contract to lay
, artificial stone sidewalks on the north side of
I Broadway. between Fillmore and Steiner
streets, also thirty days on their contract to ,
j construct a sewer, etc., Castro street, between
! Twenty-sixth and Army.
MISCELLANEOUS MATTERS.
The clerk was directed to readvertise for pro
\ posals for the construction of sewers, cesspools,
: curbs, sidewalks, etc., on the crossing of Fif-
I teenth street and San Bruno avenue.
The protests against the construction of a
i sewer In York street, between Twenty-sixlh
• and Army, were overruled.
The action of the board In awarding con- j
! tracts for the construction of a sewer In Jones '
j street, between Chestnut and Francisco; In l
j Jones, between Francisco and Montgomery j
: avenue; In Francisco, between Jones street i
and Montgomery avenue; in Francisco, between
'. Jones and Leavenworth, and in the crossing
1 of Jones and Francisco streets to Fred Leffler
was reconsidered and Leffler released from his
i contract.
! The resolution revoking the permit granted ;
' the Union Paving and Contracting Company I
to pave, with bitumen by private contract,
Elgin Park, between Hermann and Thirteenth |
streets, was repealed.
i The Superintendent of Streets was directed |
i to remove the soil that covers the manhole
of the Henry-street sewer at Its westerly end,
i above Castro street.
The Superintendent of Streets was directed
: to have the sewers In San Jose avenue, be
tween Twenty-sixth and Army streets, cleaned
and to recommend their reconstruction if nec-
I essary; and to recommend the curbing and pay-
I ing of said street. WSBBK
KThe Superintendent of Streets was directed
o recommend the raving of Clay street, be
i tween Montgomery and Sansome, one-half the ,
cost of which will be borne by the property j
I owners. . ...
I An order establishing grades on portions of j
i the following streets and avenues was passed
! to print: Twenty-third. Twenty-fourth, Twen- |
ty-fifth Twenty-sixth.' Twenty-seventh, Twen- I
! ty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth and Thirty
j first avenues and H. I. J and X streets, be- i
tween Twenty-second and Thirty-first avenues. ■
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE — ■
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF Philadelphia, in the Btate of Pennsyl-
vania, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1898, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash .■■s2oo,ooo 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company $160,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 9,900 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 360,15100
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks, and other market-
able securities as collateral 13,800 00
Cash In Company's Office L 863 21
Cash in Banks 12,479 52
Irterest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans, cash in hands of agents. 8,980 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 247 50
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 47,766 28
Bills Receivable, not matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1,000 00
Rents due and accrued (due from per-
-1 petual Insurance on building) 742 50
Due from other Companies for Re- ■
insurance on losses already paid ...
Total Assets ' $616.820 58
LIABILITIES.
' Losses adjusted and unpaid $11,136 03
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 20,538 85
Losses resisted. Including expenses ... 500 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $183,520 09; re-
insurance 30 per cent 91,760 05
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning mora than one year, $188,160 01;
reinsurance pro rata — 100,753 94
Amount reclalmable by the insured on
perpetual lire Insurance policies 33,73176
Gross premiums on Marine and Inland
Navigation Risks, ; re-
insurance 100 per cent
Gross Premiums on Marine Time
Risks, — ; reinsurance 60
per cent
All other liabilities 11,372 77
Total Liabilities ■ .$269,793 45
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $273,862 27
Net Cash actually received for Marine
premiums .'
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages.. .845 00
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from all
other sources 18,035 60
Received for Rents 2.34S 47
, Received from all other sources 60 84
Total Income ■■■■$294.652 IS
EXPENDITURES. ~~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $39.."48 91, losses of previous
years) $193,933 92
| Net amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including , ■ losses of pre-
vious years) '.
Dividends to Stockholders ............ 12,000 00
i Paid or allowed for Commission or
! Brokerage 51,435 70
j Paid tor Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 42,31157
Paid for State, National, and local
taxes 8,247 28
All other payments and expenditures.. 26,105 85
Total Expenditures $340. 040 32
Fire. •
Losses incurred during the year $181,611 97
Risks and Premiums. |Flre Risks. (Premiums.
1— = .
Net amount of Risks I
written during the|
year I $32,647,254 $318,324 99
Net amount of Risks! I
expired during the!
year ..I 33,343,920! 861,73174
Net amount In force) j
December 31, 1898 f 37.433,671! 371,680 10
C. B. HOLLINSHEAD. President.
E. R. DANNELS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23d
day of January, 1899.
RICHARD H. REILLY, -
Notary Public.
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT, "
436 CALIFORNIA STREET,
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst, Mgr.
y_Mm[yjoßTf
Ml^^?^^ < -St_Sß__s__-
, -„-,«_ -,.-7-. -*--■ -^_^.^. _.
When requested, the resorts mentioned
In this column will send you circulars
giving full information regarding special
advantages, rates, manner of reaching
them, etc. When writing please mention
The Call.
GO TO
Hotel del
Coronado
For your summer outing.
Best, golf grounds in the State.
Unequaled fishing, sailing, .cycling
hunting, bathing, etc .
Reduced Summer Rates.
Apply 4 New Montgomery Street,
■ BAN FRANCISCO.
PARAISO
HOT SPRINGS
For the relief and cure of Rheumatism,
Gout, Diabetes, Brlghts and other renal
complaints, Asthma, Obesity and Chron-
ic Catarrh.
For further Information address
J. PERRAULT, M.D.,
PARAISO SPRINGS.
Or office, city, No. 336 Sutter st •
RYRON The hot mineral baths
„* £ cure RHEUMATISM. .
fIU 1 Address A. Bettena, mgr.,
.— . a^— » ikt/>o at the Springs. Call on
SHRIIN Cl _» Lombard & Co.. 22% Geary
street, city.
BOCA HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ONTHH
Truckee River; pleasant sunny rooms, good
boating on lake; boats tree to guests, price*
reasonable, $8 to $10 per week; special rates tor
families. W. J. McDONALD. Manager.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.: ••
CLIMATE, SCENERY. ENTERTAINMENT:
none better in Lake Co.; gas indoors and
out.' H. "WAMBOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS.
TWO TRAINS DAILY. 7:30 A. M. AND 4 P.
m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
■—-——. -—————-——•———————■——.
„.DO /VOL..
Be Without
"THE CALL"
During; Your Vacation.
Subscribers to "The Call" visiting th»
country, seaside cr springs during the Sum«
mer months can have "The Call" sent to them
for a week or longer by prepaying for sams
at the Business Office or by order through
carrier.
...TERMS...
15 Cents..... per Week
65 Cents pep Month
+03TA0E PREPAID.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PENNSYLVANIA FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, - on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. IS9S, and for the year endine on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of Sections 610 and 611 of ths
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner;
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in
Cash ." - -_■ -_• . 1400,000 CO
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $2.9,000 CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 848,500 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,621,300 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as c011atera1........ 81,850 00
Cash In Company's Office 5,511 51
Cash in Banks -....'. 137,903 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7.978 18
Interest due and accrued on Bonds ■ ■. •
and Mortgages 11,186 88
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion —. 285,500 57
Rents due and accrued........ 225 00
Total Assets --,---. .$5,227,336 10
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid... $14.025 88
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 146,833 39
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 6,725 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,567,779 08;
reinsurance 50 per cent 783,883 53
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,364,- .
626 05; reinsurance pro rata 743,057 51
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance policies; 831.311 42
All other liabilities 4,000 00
Total Liabilities ..-_-_->- .$2,529,872 73
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Flro
premiums • $1,653,905 88
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 1. ...... ...... 42,64721
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 165.512 03
Received for Rents .... 4,457 44
Transfers 381,00
Total Income .$1.866.903 34
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses $1,037,631 47
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 381,21191
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 93,490 0.
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 58,374 01
All other payments and expendi-
tures 96, 682 78
Total Expenditures .$1,829.390 17
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year...... 51,057, 56
Risks and Premiums. j Fire Risks, j Premiums.
Net amount .of Risks
written during the
year ... •• • $241,531,124 $2,204,539 86
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year : 222,384,731 2,187,623 98
Net amount in force
' December 31. 1835.... 343.575.23S 2.932,405 U
R. DALE BENSON, President.
W GARDNER CROWELL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 19th
day of January. 18». THOS. J. HUNT.
Commissioner for California. ,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
436 CALIFORNIA ST.
T. EDWD. POPE, Manager.
R. W. 05BORN, Asst.
1314
WASHINGTON'S HEROES
HOME FROM THE WAR
The Gailant First Arrives on
the Pennsylvania.
Governor Rogers and His Party Voyage
Up the Bay to Meet the Brave
Sons of the Northwest.
The transport Pennsylvania, with Wash
ington's Fighting First Regiment aboard,
arrived shortly before noon yesterday and
anchored in the stream off Folsom street
wharf. Governor Rogers and his party,
Scenes on Board the Transport Pennsylvania After She Entered the
Golden Gate.
Including United States Senators George
Turner and A. G. Foster, steamed up the
bay on the tug Fearless to. welcome the
battle-scarred heroes from the Northwest.
Aboard, the Fearless were many friends
and relatives of the soldier boys, and they
shouted themselves' hoarse, waved hand
ADVERTISEMENTS.
_HPB\l3 <4rW$W
TK J^
Biases M&
-
____£>
Many a woman dresses to 20 out, £ee_t
irresolute, sits down, and falls into a fit
of despondent musing. Ask her what's
the matter, and she'll probably answer
"Just the blues." And what are the
blues? Only another name, in g_-___
for a disordered liver and a diseased
stomach. Cleanse the liver, heal the
stomach, purify the blood, and there'll
be no more blues. It can be done by
the use of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. This medicine puts the dis-
eased organs of digestion and nutzitiroc
into a condition of sound health. It
eliminates from the blood all impure and
poisonous substances, and cleanses file
clogged liver. It contains neither al-
cohol nor narcotics.
"I had liver complaint for the pest fifteen
years, complicated with dyspepsia and nil
stone*," writes Mrs. N. Bernier, of 461 E— SL,
Oshkosh, Wis. "I doctored with seven of oar
prominent doctors, and not one or all of them
have done me the good, nor begun to do hat
your medicines have. I have used three tactics
of Dr. Pierce's- Golden Medical Disc*— cry, one
via] of his ' Pleasant Pellets.' and one bottle of
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription, and have
gained about eighteen pounds since I first began
to take these remedies."
Dr. Pierces Pellets cure biliousness.
kerchiefs and flags and pave other evi
dences of joy. As soon as Dr. Klnyoun
finished inspecting the big; transport the
welcome party climbed up the ship's lad
der and boarded the transport. Governor
Rogers, who led the party, was met at 1
the gangway by Colonel Wholley.
"Governor, I've brought back your reg- j
iment," said the gallant Colonel, as he
grasped the Governor by the hand. Gov- j
ernor Rogers responded with a compli- •
mentary tribute to the excellent services
the Washington troops performed in the
Philippines, and then he went down on the
lower decks and shook hands with nearly
every man In the regiment.
Levy Ankeny, the Walla Walla million
aire, who generously offered to pay for
the transportation of the entire regiment !
from this city to their homes, went aboard
with his wife to see their son, who is a
private in Company L, and when the men
learned of Ankeny's. generosity they j
cheered him to the echo.
The. troops were out on the firing line j
when the orders came for them to pack I
up and get ready for their long journey 1
home. They had to make unusual haste, '
as the Pennsylvania was scheduled to sail
the next morning. In their hurry to get
aboard many of the soldiers left behind
valuable trinkets and curios, which they j
had been collecting ever since they set .
foot on Philippine soil. At Nagasaki and
Yokohama the boys were given extended
shore leave, and they enjoyed themselves
sightseeing for two days.
The trip across the Pacific was an un- j
usually rough one. The transport encoun- |
tered severe, storms a few days after leav- j
ing Yokohama, which made matters ex- j
tremely unpleasant for everybody aboard. j
No deaths occurred during the voyage,
and only a few of the boys were 111.
While the troops were at Yokohama 1
John F. Oowey, ex-Mayor of Oiympia, !
who is now Consul General at Yokohama, '.
tendered the officers of the regiment a
banquet. : n :.'
j In addition to the Washington troops !
the transport brought back eighty dis- |
charged soldiers from the Fourth Cavalry j
and Fourteenth Infantry. Major Seaton j
1 of the Twelfth Infantry was also aboard. j
He returns to be retired. Lieutenant
! Hinesof the United States cable boat ,
Hooker, which was wrecked off Corregldor
i Island, and sixteen of the crew of the !
' wrecked Morgan City returned on the j
I transport.
The regiment will -probably be marched j
j to the Presidio this morning. Lieutenants 1
I Lamping and Lemon have been detailed 1
! to take charge of the transport until the j
I quartermaster's stores are removed.
The Washington regiment was on the '
firing line continually from February 5 to 1
; September L
"I am proud of the record made by our \
: boys," said Governor Rogers when seen !
yesterday aboard the transport. "They ;
; proved themselves to be fighters of a high ,
standard, and our State is justly proud of
- them. I- am simply overjoyed at their
safe return." .•;« ;
I FIRST WASHINGTON REGIMENT.
Killed in Action and Died of Wounds
or Disease.
COMPANY A.
Private Ralph W. Simonds, February 5.
1899.
Corporal George W. McGowan, Febru- <
ary 5 1899. .-" ';«' '■'•:■•■■
Private Richard McLean, February 27.
1899.
COMPANY B.
J Captain George H. Fortson, died of j
THE SAN ERA-N CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 10, 1899.
wounds received at Pasig. March 26, 1599.
Private Edward L. Burnham, Novem
ber 16, IS9B.
Private Royal E. Fletcher, January 28,
1899.
Chaplain John R. Thompson, February
19. 1599.
COMPANY C.
Private Damain Grossman, February
11, 1899. i
Private Frank A. Lovejoy, March 7,
18*9.
Private Spawn Woodruff. July 30, 1899.
COMPANY D.
Private W. C. Hopwood, February 8,
1899.
Private Milton S. Melse, March 23, 1599.
COMPANY E.
Private John C. Baggott, November 20,
1898.
Private Ralph E. Shearer, February 5,
1899.
Private George B. Relchert, February 5,
1899.
Private Frank Smith, February 5. IW.
Private Matthias H. Cherry, February
5, 1899.
Private Frank Van Buskirk, April 14,
1899.
• COMPANY F.
Private Edward W. Stevin, March 27,
1899.
Private George B. Fargo, April 4, 1599.
COMPANY G.
Corporal Henry I.eimbacher, March 20,
1899.
COMPANY H.
Private Arno H. Meikel, February 4-6,
1899.
Private Allen J. Ruppert, February 22,
1899.
Private Joseph Eno, March 27, 1899.
Private Clyde Z. Woods, April 28, 1899.
I
Corporal George W. ' Hovey, April 2S.
I 1899.
j Private Sherman T. Shephard, June 19.
1599.
COMPANY I.
Private Allen Carlyle, January l*?, 1899.
Private K;;rl E. Jeans, January 26, 1399.
Corporal Miles Kyger, February 3, 1£99.
Private Sherman C. Harding, February
5, 1899. "
Private Edward H. Perry, February 5.
1599.
Private Daniel I. Kyger, February S.
1 1899. -.v— *:. .
COMPANY K.
Private Allen A. Reinhart, February 20
; 1899.
Quartermaster Sergeant, Fred S.
) Brulsch, August 16, 1899.
Corporal Otis L. Denny, August 18, 1899.
COMPANY L.
Corporal Harry R. S. Stroud. February
22. 1899.
Private Walter N. Handson, February
• 5, 1899.
COMPANY M.
Private John F. Adams, February 20.
! 1899.
Private David Campell, March 29, 1899.
Private Charles M. Parsons, April 20.
I 1599.
COMPANY NOT DESIGNATED.
Coporal Carl M. Thorgenson, June 6,
I 1899.
Total, 44.
The "Wounded.
COMPANY A.
Captain Albert H. Otis, February 5.
! 1899.
Corporal Kendall Fellows, February 5-C,
! 1899.
Private Dixon A. Everett, February 5-6.
i 1899. :-•-_---. v-5
Private Charles F. De Lano, February
I 5-6, 1899.
Private John F. Mitchell, February 5-6.
1899.
Private Frederick W. Schander, Febru
ary 5-6, 1899.
Private James A. Timewell, February
I 5-6. 1890.
Private Joseph E. Dougherty, February
1 5-6. 1899.
Private James F. Greek, February 5-6,
I 1899.
Private John Kline, February 5-6. 1899.
Private Richard H. McClaJn, February
! 5-6. 1899.
. Private Oscar Seward. February 5-6, 1899
Private William R. Fait, February 5-6,
1899.
Private Otto H. Hooper, February 5-6,
1899.
Private Albert W. Owen, February 5-6,
1899.
Private Frank Rivers, February 5-6. 1899.
Private William Everett, February 5-6,
1599.
Total— ,- >
COMPANY B.
Captain George H. Fortson, mortally
wounded and died at Pasig March 26.
Private Lawrin L. Lawson, February
5-6. 1899.
Private Albert F. Pram, February 5-6,
: 1899 ' ■* * : " ■'■' ■ •'•' Tv ■ -
Private Rodney H. Church, March 13,
1899.. . ...-■:, {'
Continued on Bleventh Page.
INNOCENT MAN CHARGED
WITH A BOLD ROBBERY
Blundering Methods of Chief
Lees and His Sleuths.
Harry McVeay, a Hard-Working Young
Man, Unjustly Accused of Stealing Four
Thousand Dollars From a Buggy, i
CONFINED In the "tanks" In the
City Prison and denied even the
right to consult an attorney, is
Harry McVeay, a hard-working
young man. Anxious to swell their
records as blundering thief-catchers De
tective Crockett, who is better known as
"Old Ironsides," and Sergeant Ellis,
whose only claim to police distinction is
that he located an unwashed shirt belong
ing to Plunger Howard, the fugitive em
bezzler, arrested McVeay as being the
bold robber who stole a sack of coin con
taining $4000 from the buggy of Captair
Barneson last Saturday afternoon. He
ANARCHIST'S SUICIDE
AT THE ROPE'S END
M. LEVITZKY, LATE OF CHI
CAGO, MADE THE LEAP.
Believed That Property Is Robbery
and Not Having It Hanged
Himself in His Clothes
Closet.
M. Levitzky committed suicide some
time last Sunday night by hanging him
self to a hook in the clothes closet of his
room in the residence of Thomas Elston,
418 Franklin street.
His dead body was found at 12:30 o'clock
yesterday afternoon. After fastening the
rope around his neck he stood en a chair
and kicked the chair away.. The force of
the fall caused the rope to cut his neck.
Levltzky was about 32 years old and
came to this city from Chicago about a
year ago. He had worked for a time as
fitter and designer of ladies' cloaks at
131 Post street, and had been sick and
despondent recently. He had no relatives :
in the city so far as known. Books and
pamphlets found among his effects by
Deputy Coroner Sullivan and Messenger
Flannigan tend to prove that the deceased
was or had been a member of or sympa
thizer with the Chicago anarchists. The
pamphlets proclaim Proudhon's doctrine |
that all property is robbery, hold up the
gloomy side of life to the wage slave and ,
decry against that condition of things i
which allows one man to drink cham
pagne and eat roast turkey when he has
earned them and will not allow the other
man who has not earned them to eat and !
drink them likewise.
It is believed that Levitzky's mind was
unsettled by this misleading literature,
and placed in such a morbid condition
that he saw no way out of his troubles
than suicide.
He left a note written in Hebrew script
and in the Polish language, but up to a
late hour last night neither Coroner Hill
nor Deputy Coroner Sullivan could suc
ceed in translating it. :
NEWPORT ARRIVES.
Regulars and Discharged Sol-
diers Pass in During
the Night.
The transport Newport j arrived In port
late last night with discharged soldiers of
the Third Artillery, Fourteenth Infantry
and the Fourth Cavalry. All told she
carried over 400 men, all burning with
anxiety to reach their native land after
the hardships of campaigning in the Phil
ippine Islands. The Eighteenth Company
Signal Corps was also on board, and the
members are for the most part Califor
nians who volunteered for Manila service.
Five men died of dysentery on the. trip
from Nagasaki. The unfortunate soldiers
who succumbed to . disease on the trip
were: Sergeant Major Young of ' the
Twenty-second Infantry, Private Walsh
of the Fourteenth Infantry, Private Han
cock of the Third Aatlllery. Private Shar
key of the Ninth Infantry, and an un
known discharged soldier.
In the port of Nagasaki a row broke out
that nearly culminated In a riot. Tho
captain of the ship became involved in a
merry war with the soldiers over the ob
streperous conduct of a Japanese sailor
who took It upon himself to insult a blue
jacket. The American Consul at Naga
saki boarded the ship to settle matters
judicially, but the soldier was allowed to
return to his native country.
The usual tale of ill-treatment on the
part of the officers of the ship was forth
coming on the part of the discharged sol
diers, but they all look well and in good
health. . . .
THE Mc AULIFEE MURDER.
Frank J. Mitchell Instructed as to
His Rights by Judge Mogan.
Frank J. Mitchell, who shot and killed
Frank McAuliffe on Sunday night during
a row over a grocery bill, . appeared in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday and was
Instructed- as to his rights. He was rep
resented by Reel B. Terry. By consent
the case was continued till next Monday,
pending the result of the Coroner's in
quest.
Mitchell still contends that ;he was
forced to shoot in self-defense, and that
will be his plea. He. was always known
to be a quiet, inoffensive young man. so
his friends say. This is the third member
of the McAulifTe family that has met
with a violent death. Edward was shot
and killed at Mussel Slough several years
ago during the fight between the settlers
and the Southern Pacific, and Eugene,
another brother, was drowned.
Independent Social.
Next Saturday night the Independent
Social Club will give a social In the so
cial hall of the Foresters' building at 102
O'Farrell street. /•:'?-■:;:' .-^,-;.» ' "- ;."
Jesse Moore "AA" whiskey is called for
everywhere. It la the drink of the people.
was at once taken to police headquarters
and immured in the "tanks," "pending
further developments," us Ellis aptly
put it.
Yesterday It was conclusively shown
thai McVeay had nothing to do with the
robbery. Captain of Detectives Bohen ls
satisfied of his Innocence, but for some
unexplained reason the unfortunate vic
tim of police intolerance is doomed to re
main in prison until Chief I_ees and his
pair of incompetent sleuths give him his
release.
contrary to the statement of Ellis and '
Crockett Mrs. Richards, who conducts j
the lodging-house at 132 Sixth street
where McVeav roomed, has not identified I
the young man as being the person she
saw entering her house with the stolen j
sack of coin under his coat.
"I am convinced that he is not the i
man,' remarked Mrs. Richards yester- i
day when shown McVeay. "The person '
I saw entering my house with a sack of
coin under his coat was shorter and of
an entirely different cast of counten- i
ance."
Both Ellis and Crockett vainly endeav
ored to get her to identify McVeay, but
she adhered to her original statement and
persistently refused to be bulldozed into
| saying that the prisoner was the man
| she had seen. A responsible citizen,
! whose name the police refused to divulge,
! and who witnessed the robbery, has also
failed to identify McVeay, much to the
! disgust of the blundering sleuths. He
: was taken to the City Prison yesterday
and confronted by McVeay. After care
| fully scrutinizing him he emphatically de
' clared that he was not the thief.
Mrs. Dray, who is employed as a re
| toucher in a photograph gallery on
Brook street, between Kearny street and
Grant avenue, is the only witness the po-
I lice have found who in any way has iden
, tified McVeay. She says she was looking
| out of the window of the photograph
' gallery reading The call's bulletins on
the International yacht race when she
: saw a man answering the description of :
. the prisoner crawl Into Barneson's buggy
and "lift" the sack of coin. While ad
. mitting she was excited at the time, she
seems inclined to believe that McVeay is
the culprit.
McVeav Is a hard-working fellow and
enjoys the confidence of his employers
Unless Chief Lees sees fit to charge' him
to-day his friends intend to sue out a
writ of habeas corpus for his release.
BANKER MURDOCH IS
ILL WITH SMALLPOX
REMOVED TO THE PESTHOUSE
FOR TREATMENT.
Thought to Have Contracted the
Malady Handling Soldiers'
Money at the Bank.
Robert B. Murdoch, cashier of the Bank
of Commerce, was removed from his
home at 723 Devlsadero street yesterday
afternoon to the Pesthouse. where he is
suffering from smallpox. Murdoch is one
of the best-known business men of this
city and his sudden sickness has created
consternation in business circles. The
health officials have tried to trace his
case to the point of infection, and al
though not positive in their findings have
concluded that he contracted the malady
through handling currency and exchange
handed in at his hank by soldiers re
turned from the Philippines.
Murdoch has been ailing for several
days past, but did not discover his seri
ous condition until yesterday, when he
thought it necessary to call in his fam
ily physician. His physician promptly
diagnosed the case as smallpox and Mur
doch himself ordered the fact at once
reported to the health authorities
Every comfort will be given him and
everything done that can be toward his
rapid recovery and the physicians are
hopeful of his case.
SETTLERS PROTECTED
ON RAILROAD LANDS
United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals Declares Them Innocent
Purchasers.
Judges Gilbert. Ross and Morrow of the
United States Circuit Court of Appeals
handed down two decisions yesterday.
The first was written by Judge Morrow
and affirmed the decree of the lower court
in the case of the United States of Amer
ica vs. the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and others.
The suit was brought to quiet title to
700.000 acres within the limits of the for
feited grant to the Atlantic and Pacific
Rairoad Company and others, the other
defendants alleging that they were bona
fide purchasers of said lands for value
from the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany and its grantees. These defendants
had purchased In good faith 1"7 000
acres of the forfeited grant, and the de
cree of the United States Circuit Court
j for the Southern District of California,
j after adjudging that the United States
I was the owner by title and in fee simple
] and absolute of the lands, provided that
the decree should not in any wise affect
: any right which the defendants other
j than the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany now have or may hereafter ac
j quire.
The United States appealed on the
| ground that the Circuit Court erred In I
I adjudging that the defendants named in I
i the decree were bona fide purchasers
With respect to purchasers of land !
from the railroad company where no pat
, ents have been issued by the United i
States the Supreme Court, in the Winona !
case, Indicates that the same broad con- i
: struction is to be given to the statute to
! protect honest transactions between the
purchasers and the railroad company
, The second decision was written' by
: Judge Ross, Judge Gilbert dissenting- It
reverses • the ruling of j the lower court
. against the defendant In the case of the
I United States vs. J. Downey Harvey as
I executor of the estate of John G. Dow
ney. The action was brought by the Gov
ernment in September, 1892. to recover
from John G. Downey and B. D. Wilson
bondsmen for Edward Hunter. United
States Marshal for the Southern District
j of California, the sum of $7680 alleged to
I have been the shortage of Marshal Hun
-1 ter during his term of office from 1855.?..
1858.; The case was remanded for a new
: trial. . ' tt new
BURGLARS AT WORK.
The police at the North End station
were notified on Sunday, night by one of
the neighbors that the residence of Irvine
Cooper, 3511 Jackson street, had been en
tered by burglars. Policemen Harrington
and Francis were detailed to investigate
and they found that entrance had been
effected by forcing open two of the rear
windows with "jimmies." The front bed
room had been ransacked and the -con
tents of a jewelry box stolen. A door
leading into the servants' room had been
forced open and the burglars had appar
ently become alarmed, as a watch and a
pair of opera glasses on top of the bureau
had not been taken.
The family is in Redwood City at pres
ent and the loss will not be known until
some of them return. There have been
several burglaries in that locality re
cently. y-T.' -"
v." •*.;.- - ± - ■ • ■
Corn is king in Kansas. See "Keith's"
window novelties In husks. •
Hales. _L-~ Hale's-
J 0 £
good underwear
here are three items that mean
quality and economy; Hale's values-
ladies' jersey ribbed non-shrinking
wool vests, finished with satin band
fronts and pearl buttons; also draw-
ers to match, with French band, in
white and natural gray; sizes 4, 5
and 6 48c each
ladies' Egyptian cotton combina-
tion suits, high neck and long sleeves,
ankle length, good heavy weight:
sizes 4,' 5 and 6 25c a suit
children's natural gray merino
vests, pantalettes and drawers; good j
heavy soft quality; sizes for ages 2
to 14 years.... ••• 25c each
table linens
linen loveliness lends charm to the
table and appreciation of the good
things before you; table sets, cloths
In pure white linen to fit any size ta-
ble, and 1 dozen napkins to match...
$4.25 and up
white table damask, all pure linen
and a perfect white, in fine weaves
and extra heavy quality, for hotel
use — yard 40c
62 in yard 40c
62 in., ' fine ' quality. .".'.' yard 50c
70 in ya d '^
72 in yard $1.00
72 in yard $1.25, $1.50 and $1..0
250 dozen table napkins, bleached,
all linen, of heavy quality—
21x21 in..doz. $1.25 24x24 In. .dot $3.25
22x22 in..doz. $2.00 25x25 in..doz. $0.00
26x26 in..doz. $6.00
NORTHWEST TO
JOIN THE FIGHT
TO HOLD TRADE
♦
Good News Comes
From Two States.
♦
Portland. Seattle and Tacoma will stand
with the cities of California to make the
fight against the St. Louis and Chicago
jobbers who are seeking to get the Pacific
Coast trade. This is made certain by the
reports brought back by the representa-
tives of leading lines of business in Cali-
fornia who visited the northwest to secure
concerted action.
The northwestern cities have already
j organized locally. They have agreed to
i elect members to the excutive committee
of the Pacific Coast Traffic Association to
represent them, which will effect a union
of business interests. There will be but ;
one organization on the slope, with head- ;
quarters in this city. This is what the j
committee reports, in substance. A united
front will therefore represent the coast
before the Interstate Commerce Commis-
sioners.
"There is no doubt that Tacoma, Seat- j
I tle and Portland will co-operate with us." :
I said Charles F. Tay to a Call reporter !
yesterday. This statement was indorsed ■
by other members of the committee.
When San Francisco's representatives
reached Portland they found that prom-
inent Portland business men had started
j for Seattle to organize. They succeeded,
■ and the Jobbers' and Manufacturers' As-
sociation was formed in Seattle, with an
executive committee of three. This hav-
ing been accomplished, co-operation was
secured in Tacoma. The Portland Cham-
ber of- Commerce met and approved unan- ;
imously the action of the Seattle confer- i
ence. Henry Halm, who Interviewed the
Portland merchants, in speaking of the j
situation said:
"It is needless to say that the new as-
sociation is a step in the right direction.
This is a broad undertaking, and it should
be viewed from a broad standpoint. It is
not a move In the interest of San Fran- [
cisco or Seattle, but in the interest of the |
entire Pacific Coast. We must unite for
our own protection, or the Middle West
jobber will drive us out of business."
The collectors of funds in this city are
busy. An open letter has been addressed
to business men in which occurs the fol-
lowing statement: "The suit is really
brought against you. The wholesalers,
jobbers and many manufacturers of the j
coast must become parties to the suit and
defend their rights."
FIRE THREATENS THE
TOWN OF MOJAVE
Fierce Flames Destroying Important
Buildings and All Wires Are
\ Down.
MOJAVE, Oct. 9.— Fire broke out here
to-night at 8:40 o'clock and threatens to
destroy the town. A heavy wind is blow-
ing, and although every effort is being
made to subdue the fierce flames it looks
as If the town will be reduced to ashes.
Further information was cut off by the
breaking of the wires leading out of the
town.
Mojave is a village in Kern County and
is 60 miles from Los Angeles. It has a
population of 1500. It Is situated on
the northern border of the desert whose
name it bears. It is a small but thriving
railroad town, dependent largely upon the
shops of the Southern Pacific Railroad
j and Atlantic and Pacific road. It is the
I terminal point on the Pacific Coast of
j the Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, which
I branches off at Barstow, and for seventy-
i two miles brings the traveler through the
I desert on his way to San Francisco.
Mojave is the nearest railroad point for
I the extensive borax works in the East,
and is also the point of departure for the
j mining camps of Ooler and Red Rock.
j There are two Important borax mines
: with headquarters there, and it is a
I •shipping point for mining for adjacent
j towns and for Inyo County as far as
Independence.
■ » -
Purest Beer
Is BUDWEISER. made only by the An-
heuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n. Barley-malt and
hops alone are used In Its preparation. No
corn. Output over 600.000.000 bottles to date.
■ m ■
NEARLY THROWN OVERBOARD.
Experience of Attorney Curtis While
Trying to Collect a Fee on
the lowa.
Albert Derten, a sailor, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday morning on a
charge of stealing $24 from Karl Tiedeman,
who was a sailor on the Oregon. Tiede-
man befriended Derten, and that was
how he showed his gratitude.
Derten engaged Attorney Curtis, a re-
cent arrival from New York, to defend
him, and gave him an order on the pay-
master of the lowa for his fee. Curtis
told the Judge yesterday that Derten was
not a sailor on the lowa and he was near-
ly throwr overboard on Saturday for pre-
senting the order.
The Judge felt inclined to be lenient
with Derten, but after Curtis' statement
hp continued the case until to-day and in-
structed Detective Crockett to make in-
quiry about him, as he believed he was
a fraud. \ . ;
CITY IMPROVEMENTS AND
THE CHARTER ELECTION
OAKLAND. Oct. 9.-An influential dele-
gation from the Associated Improvement
Clubs visited the City Council to-night to
tailored suits, capes and jackets,
fashioned for fall and bought before
woolens went up with the war ad-
vance —
Venetian cloth shirt waists in blue,
red and helio and stripe effects, with
yoke and pleated back, full front, ad-
justable collar; this is a new and ex-
cellent value at $1 each
new plaid separate skirts ii the new
fall colorings, circular effect, lined
with percaline; a perfect fitting and
well-made skirt; regular price $6;
this week $4.50 each
fine kersey cloth jackets in tan and
castor and black, silk lined through-
out; 6-button double breasted front;
notched rolling collar and finely tail-
ored; worth $12; this week.. 59.45 each
extra fine quality electric seal
capes, with ruffle around of brown
sable: silk lined, high rolling collar;
a swell garment regularly sold at
$13.50; this week $10 each
tailor-made suits In blue Venetian
and gray homespun cheviot; 6-but-
ton jacket, strap finish and silk lined
throughout; skirt is well tailored,
strap finished, lined with percaline;
a $15 suit; this week for $12.50 each
935, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947
Market Street.
—I
discuss the bond proposition. Plans wero
exhibited of the proposed wharf at West
Oakland prepared by Engineer Bosky and
the association told of the thorough de-
liberation it had given the subject. The
delegation was thanked for its valuable
advice.
It was practically decided that Washing-
ton street shall be opened in a straight
line to San Pablo avenue and the prelimi-
nary work will be commenced without de-
lay.
A general invitation will be issued to all
interested to meet the Council on Wed-
nesday night, October 23. to discuss the
new charter election.
1 1900's - - $40 1
ARRIVE ROY. Ist
AGENTS WANTED.
1899
I'V'TWIT'LI J Mltill_____T~T_i W
a__y_u__s____________SH__B
I9OO'S - - $40
ARRIVE NOV. Ist
AGENTS WANTED.
1899
BICVT-lES
$35 i
WHILE THEY LAST. |*
8 THOS. H.B. VARNEY, 1
Market and 10th Sts., S.F. |
OPEN EVENINGS. §
IT'S BEST !
I I \?£% TO GET YOUR SUITS!
| WMs, MADE TO ORDER, j
: ''3 iMt'tm Well-fitting clothes :
: !'l/_3fc_H E lve you an appearance J
■ 'jl/.nPffll ot neatness, making you •
: |tj tMSjI attractive and admira- J
■ ', I' 1 fffiSSi You always feel awk- j
•" Jp v4r\'"' ward in a ready-made 3
• - J^i\ - WvA \\\\ - sult> and your friends!
: _ll _i)J '/ notice your appearance 3
■ as well. •
: • - There is one desirable !
■ place to get your suit :
: made, and that place ■
: 1:~ /TV /) is at Joe Po- :
: il -. /</) ll„ ,*„—« helm's, who!
: \~lf)sJ M~^ftfi v //Tli makes suits for :
: yvX/*J V UfIXA/til) >- per cent les3 J
! y_^,^The Tailor, than others. :
■ r Perfect fit;
! HlO-1112 Market an( l workman-:
! 1110-111-- Market hin -....._ j
■ St.. San Francisco. f n ' , -., an " .
! 201-203 Montgomery teed or money !
■ St, San Francisco. T .^ unrtf f- c ,  I
: 101 l Washington St.. £11-wopl Suits, :
: Oakland. *••» * >0 and •
■ 143 South Spring St.. All-wool Pants \
: Los Angeles. ?-4 Tin. / j
Ornaments.
Great Left Over Salb
-Price, Away Down,
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American Importiii = Tea Go.
. Stores Everyw-ttere.
100 Stores.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURES, |
DR. METERS & CO. have the largest prac- I
tice and best equipped medical Institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established IT years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office
or by mall. All letters confidential. i
731 Market St., San Francisco. 1
gMPgggjj "W"^*__M_s-_B_a_mS
DR. CRQSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea, Gleets, Strictures
and analogous complaints of the ' Organs of
Generation. . ■ , - ; ■-*. ■. \ ..-<.- >
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
f riilf. lata Vegetable Pills ,
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons -^
■who have used them for forty years to cura .
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pim-
ples and purity the blood.