VOLUME LXXXYI-NO. 1(5.
NATION TO
BE PLACED ON
GOLD STANDARD
National Committeeman H.
C. Payne of Wisconsin
Makes the Statement.
SENATORS AGREED
Proposed Measure Will Be Brought
Forward at the Next
Session of Congress.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILWAUKEE, Wis.,
June 15. — National
Republican Commit
teeman Henry C. Payne of Wis
consin, who returned to-day
from New York, where lie at
tended a conference of the Sen
ate Financial Committee, makes
a statement to the Milwaukee
Journal that in his opinion a bill
will be formulated at the corning
Congress that will place the
United States upon a gold stan
dard basis. His statement^ fol
lows:
"It is my judgment, after be
ing in consultation with the Sen
ate Finance Committtee mem
bers at the meeting at the Fifth
Avenue Hotel. Nev York, that j
a plan for the revision of our j
monetary system that will be
satisfactory not only to the Sen
ate but to the House as well will
finally be approved, and that that
plan will be formulated into a bill
which will become a law.
"Thru law will provide for
placing the United States upon
1 gold standard. It will be cmi- i
nently satisfactory to the gold
standard 11" and the' friends of '
•>ound money.
"Of course no formal action
of the Senate Committee has
been taken, but from expressions
of members I have no hesitancy
in saying that this monetary re
form legislation will be brought
about. It is certainly legislation
that is needed.
"I do not believe there will be
a special session of Congress un
less there should be some de- 1
velopments in the Philippine
situation that would require ac
tion at a date earlier than the ;
regular session.
"I do not believe there is any
truth in the published state
ments that Senator Manna is
going to retire from the chair
manship of the National Repub- :
lican Committee. 1 am quite
sure that Mr. Manna- will con-:
tinue as chairman. I had a talk I
with him and I believe this to be j
bis intention." • I
HEAD-ON COLLISION
OF FREIGHT TRAINS
Engines Smashed Beyond Repair and
fireman Merrill Seriously
Iniured.
WINNEMUCCA. Nev., June 16.—
About 7 o'clock this evening a freight
train. No. 208, eastbound, and freight
train No. 206, westbound, came together
► about a mile this side of Iron Point,
aboul twenty-four miles east of here.
1n a bead -on • collision. The engines
v ere smashed beyond repair and fifteen
freight cars piled up in general disor
der. The smash-up was complete and
the wreck one of the most disastrous
that has occurred hero in months.
Fireman Merrill of No. 206 was seri
ously and, it is thought, fatally, in
jured.
"Wrecking trains have been ordered
from Wadßworth and a point east of
the wreck. One of 'the /narrowest of
th-e several escapes reported was that
of the failure to explode of the two
cars of Riant powder which were in
the westbound train. These cars were
•well back in the train and were not
injured. Had they been further for
ward the disaster would have been ap
palling, for nothing could have pre
vented a terrible explosion. The cause
of the wreck la Ha Id to be the over
looking of orders by one of the train
men. ; . ' ;' '-.
NEGRO MINERS IMPORTED.
But Most of Them Are Induced Not
to Go to Work.
PITTSBURG, Kans.. June 15.— The
threat of the coal mine operators to
import negroes to take the places of
the striking union miners, was made
pood to-day when the Western Coal
and Mining Company, which is the
corporation through which the Missouri
It Pacific Railway Company operates its
T mines, brought in 175 negroes from
Tennessee and Alabama,- and unloaded
them at Fleming, where stockades had
been built. around the Missouri Pacific
mines.
The union men were out in force to
meet the negroes and endeavored, with
The San Francisco Call.
VENEZUELAN COMMISSION
IN SESSION.
FORMALLY
WELCOMED
BY FRANCE
Minister of Foreign Affairs
Del Casse Speaks for
the Republic.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
PARIS. June 15. — The first formal
meeting: of the Venezuela Arbi-
. nation Commission opened this
nvirnine. The arbitrators, ("ini
sel and others bepan assembling
at the Foreign Office shortly before 11
o'clock. They were received by the
Minister of Foreign Affairs, M. del
Ca,sse, in the apartment in which the
tribunal will sit. These are the rooms
used at the meeting of the Spanish-
American Peace Conference and during
', the Bering Sea arbitration. 'On a raised
' dais at the end of the room, facing the
• entrance are five massive gilt arm
chairs for the arbitrators, with a table
in front of them. Below the dais are
half a dozen long tables placed across
the room for counsel and the clerical
staff. A large colored map of the dis
puted territory hangs on the wall to
the right of the arbitrators, with a
! smaller map of the wholo of South
' America beside it.
Altogether there were about forty
persons connected with the tribunal
present. The arbitrators and most of
their staffs were dressed in frock coats.
There were less than a dozen spectators
in that portion of the apartment roped
, off for the general public and half a
1 dozen ladies, including Mrs. Benjamin
Harrison and others belonging to the
! American party.
The arbitrators took their seats soon
after -11 o'clock, Chief Justice Melville
X Puller and Richard Honn Collins,
j Lord Justice of_^Appeals, sitting on the
right of Professor de Martens, the um
| pire, and Baron Russell of Killowen,
Lord Chief Justice of England, and
i Justice David J. Brewer, sitting at his
! left hand Former President Benjamin
! Harrison and General Benjamin F.
Tracey and the remainder of the Amer
icans sat at the tables at the left side,
' facing the court and the British rep
resentatives were seated at tables on
' the right side. A feature of the pro
■ ceedings was that counsel used the
: desk which served during the Bering
Sea tribunal proceedings.
The proceedings opened at 11:20. when
M. del Cane briefly addressed the tri
■ bunal in French. He said it gave him
J special pleasure to welcome the High
\ Commission in behalf of the French re
i public, which he added was greatly
pleased at the fact that Paris had been
chosen for the sitting of » tribunal
composed of such eminent men, some
of whom had occupied with distinction
i the highest positions.
Under the presidency of M. de Mar
admirable success, to prevent them
from going to work. Among the union
men were many negroes who had been
brought up from the South during the
.strike of 1593. and these were largely
Instrumental in keeping many of the
newcomers out of the stockades. The
result was that only a few of the im
ported negroes, those having families
and being destitute, went into the
' stockades. There was no disturbance.
The agents of the four big companies
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, JUNE I<>, 1899.
• tens, who was universally acknowl
edged as an authority of international
law, he continued, the labors could only
result happily and in the interest of
' humanity, for it would constitute an
: other step toward the realization of the
noble project which, launched from an
illustrious throne, was making rapid
way into the hearts and consciences of
'■ th«> people and had thus imposed itself
with singular force on the solicitude of
, those who govern them.
M. del Casse concluded with Ihankinp
the arbitrators for having accepted the
hospitality of France.
Professor de Martens rpplied. thank
ing the French Foreign Minister for his
welcome and for the hospitality ex
tended to the arbitrators. The. speaker
recalled the fact that he came here
seven years ago to attend the Bering
Sea arbitration.
Referring to the work being done- at
The Hague in the matter of arbitra
tion, he said the peace conference
sought not merely to arrange a settle
ment of conflicts but their avoidance,
and expressed the hope that the present
tribunal would have the result of pro
moting the welfare and prosperity of
the two countries interested. The pro
fessor announced the rule of procedure
agreed upon at yesterday's conference,
and said the arbitrators would meet
every day excepting Sundays. Sir
R'Vhard Webster, the British Attorney
General, thereupon rose and said that
in order to meet tho views of former
President Benjamin Harrison and the
other American counsel, in which the
English representatives concurred, he
proposed that they only meet four days
in the week in view of the extremely
heavy work before them.
Mr. Harrison said he thought there j
would be in four day*' work enough
for ordinary men, and he evoked a
smile, as looking around on the general j
gathering of the most eminent jurists
of Great Britain America, he add
ed: "And we are ordinary men." The
work before them, he added, would be
a tremendous strain upon the counsel.
Professor de Martens agreed that
four days' meeting a week would be
sufficient, arranging that the arbi
trators would not meet on Fridays.
Saturdays and Sundays.
Sir Richard Webster asked: "As the
learned Professor Martens is going back
to Th" Hague to-night, what days does
he propose to Rive us next week?"
The professor replied that he hoped
1o give them two days during the lat
ter half of next week, and that he
would write from The Hague on Sun
day, fixing the day of his arrival.
• After this Sir Richard Webster an
nounced counsel had arranged that he
should speak first, then two Venezuelan
counsel, next Great Britain with pos
sibly two counsel, then Venezuela and
next Great Britain. The final speech
was to be made by Venezuela.
The British Attorney General opened
his speech by mentioning that he had
the privilege, years ago, to appear in
the same room as junior counsel in the
Bering Sea case. He was standing at
the very desk which served at that
I time. It was a significant fact that
I Venezuela was represented by distin-
I guished men of the American republic,
while America was represented on the
] bench by two Judges of the very high
| est position. It was a great ho-nor for
I himself and his colleagues to address
such a tribunal. The speaker then paid
a tribute to Professor de Martens,
whose reputation was international,
and said:
"I shall probably have to say much
with which my friends disagree, but I
am sure they will extend to us the
courtesy of forbearance, which we
which arc fighting: the union declare
that enough negroes will be imported
to operate their min^s in Kansas. Mis
souri, Arkansas and Indian Territory.
In Kansas they rely upon the injunc
tion secured in the Federal Court at
Leavenworth yesterday to prevent the
strikers from interfering with their
operations.
MILES OF TRACK FLOODED.
AUSTIN, Tex., June 15.— The heaviest
AN OBJECT
LESSON IN
ARBITRATION
Great Britain Will Object to
the Oid Spanish Boun
dary Line.
Piw^ial Dli=ratch to Th<? Cull.
desire to extend to them and which is
customary between counsel in these
cases."
Continuing , Sir Richard said he only
intended to touch to-day upon the gen
eral topics underlying the whole dis
cussion, and proceeded to give a brief
geographical and historical review of
the whnlp question, going hark to the
time of Columbus. In thp course of his
remarks, he paid hp regarded the treaty
of Minister as a most important mat
ter for the tribunal, as Great Britain
claims Spain was not entitled to claim
thp whole of the Western world in view
of the f;irt that she was established in
the position of the Dutch. He pre
sumed American counsel took an en-
I tirely different view of the construction
of hoth the Munster and Utrecht treat
ies, and thought the arguments ad
vanced by American counsel were not
characterized by that breadth which
might ho expected from such eminent
gentlemen.
The representative of Great Britain
then took up the terms of the treaty
' of arbitration and laid great stress on
the British contention that there is a
: contract between Venezuela and Great
Britain and not between the Spaniards
: and the Dutch. The tribunal, he con
| tended, had to decide the boundary be
j tween Venezuela, and British Guiana at
the present time, and not between the
Spaniards and Dutch in 1814.
Counsp] said that in order to clear up
any misunderstanding he announced
that Great Britain recognized Venezu
i ela as the successor of Spain and he
submitted that the boundary, as it
might have been settled in 1814. was
not the same as ought to be denned
' to-day.
Respecting the fifty years' title
clause. Great Britain submitted that It
ought to come back from the date of
the conclusion of the treaty of arbi
tration. Counsel was adverse to hold
ing that fifty years ought to constitute
a title, whatever might be the para
' mount title of the other power, as this
• would cut both ways. Where such
case was proved, the matter could be
settled in one of three ways — by de
; fleeting the boundary line with terri
torial compensation elsewhere, without
! territorial equivalent or by the pay
ment of compensation, adding that the
tribunal has absolute discretion in the
matter.
Sir Richard Webster spoke in a clear
I voice and the arbitrators and counsel
. followed his speech closely, making
; notes and occasionally asking him to
I clear up a doubtful point.
rains for many years fell yesterday
throughout Southwest Texas. In several
localities cloudbursts occurred, doing
great damage to property. Several miles
of Southern Pacific railway track are un
der water, and three bridges were washed
away west of Fvalde. A cloudburst
flooded the Rio Grande Valley both above
and below the town of Laredo and much
property was damaged in that city. All
through traffic will be suspended for sev
eral days.
MEN'S LIVES
SACRIFICED
TO INCAPACITY
The President Called Upon
to Order Home Otis the
Incompetent.
AN ALGER BLUNDER
Send Miles to Save the Situation
or Withdraw Altogether From
the Philippines.
Pr>efial Dispatch to Th<> '"all.
CHIGAGO, June 15.— The
Evening Journal, which
has been an ardent sup
porter of the McKinley adminis
tration, in its late issue this after
noon prints on the first page a
double leaded editorial calling
upon the President to set aside
his personal prejudices and send
General Miles to Manila to put
down Aguinaldo's rebellion and
stop the awful sacrifice of human
life now being made to the inca
pacity of some one — probably
more than one — and intimating
that ( >t is and Algcr are equally
guilty in the matter of blunder
ing. The editorial in part fol
lows:
"The President ought to make
up his mind that the administra
tion is going to crush the Fili
pino revolt, and do it soon, or
else gel out of the islands. There
seems to be a failure among his
advisors to comprehend the
gravity of the situation and to es
timate aright the formidable size
to which the present shilly-shally
policy has permitted the insurrec
tion ti • grow.
••It :.-> cvi-Ki.t dirtl TTlr .Siiicll
cans are losing ground, while the
Filipinos are gaining. Territory
once taken is abandoned. If the |
Filipinos rely on mere guerrilla
warfare. American military oper
ations are hardly more than
forays into the enemy's country,
followed by retreat toward Man
ila. This is due to lack of men
to garrison the conquered terri
tory, and probably to tack of a
competent head to direct cam
paigns. With almost absolute
control over tlif supply of tele
graphic news furnished to the
press. Otis has failed to make a
much better showing against the
Filipinos than the Spaniards
made against them, or to dem
onstrate by any test his ability to
make the most of such an oppor
tunity as he has been given.
"Meanwhile the insurgents
are adding daily to their numbers
and armament, while the Amer-
icans arc losing many men
through wounds and disease, i
The Filipinos began to fight with I
bows and arrows. Now they are
using artillery. They are devel
oping major tactics, and learning
to withstand American charges.
The American forces in the isl
ands are said to be reduced to
10,000 effective men. and it has
been found necessary to press
into active service the recently
recruited and comparatively
green regiments of regulars.
"After four months of 'war' the
Americans are still defending the
point where they were first at
tacked.
"Everything points to the fail
ure of the present plan of pro
cedure, and to an immediate and
imperative need of more troops
and. a competent man to direct
them. The administration can
have troops if it will summon
resolution to call for them. It
has a man at hand, for it has
pigeon-holed him in the War
Department.
"Major General Nel
son A. Miles should be
given immediate and
personal command of
all military operations
in the Philippines,
with enough men to
SERVIANS BATTLE
WITH TURKS.
Trouble in the Balkans
That May Have Seri
ous Results.
Entrance to the Defile of Kazan, on the
Lower Danube.
■ ELGRADE. June 15. — A number of Albanian bands, assisted by
f "*| 2000 Turkish regular troops are reported to have attacked several
Servian villages in the Javlonitza district. It is added that dur
ing the fighting a large number of men were killed and wounded on both
sides.
The Turks, it is pointed out. being: in superior force, overpowered
the frontier guards and now blockade three villages. A force of Ser
vian regular troops has been sent to the scene of the conflict, with orders
to repulse the invaders.
ASSASSINATION
OF AGUINALDO
IS REPORTED
Story Reaches Manila That
the Killing of Luna Has
Been Avenged.
Soecial Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO. June 15.— A copyrighted
table from Manila under date of Fri
day. June 16, says:
Aguinaldo is reported to have been
assassinated by followers of General
Antonio Luna. The news of the death
■if the Filipino gladiator was brought
to Manila by a native employe of the
Manila and Dagupan Railroad.
While it is Impossible to confirm the
report it seems based on gocrd author
ity. The assassination was the result
of the manner in which Luna lost his
life, for them now seems to be no doubt
of thp authenticity of the report that
he was killed by the guard at Apruin
aldo's headquarters on June .".
Thismorning Jose Paterno, brother of
Pedro Paterno, President of the Fili
pino Congress, showed a letter which
he had just received from Cabanatuan,
which stated that the assassination
took placp on June 5.
According to the letter Luna went to
Aguinaldo's headquarters accompanied
by his aid. Colonel Ramon. It is said
they expected to find Aguinaldo had
been put to death by assassins, accord
ing to a plan which had been made by
Luna and followers some weeks ago.
By it Aguinaldo was to be killed and
Luna placed in supreme control.
Instead, they found that Aguinaldo
had learned of their plot and as soon as
they were inside the headquarters they
were killed by the guard.
The manner in which Agulnaldo de
feated the Luna conspiracy undoubt
edly caused the followers of that cap
tain to avenge his death, and for this
reason a great many of the American
officers here believe the report. of Aguin
aldo's death brc-ught by the railway
employe is true.
Luna's death alone, if the report of
Aguinaldo's fate is not true, will un
doubtedly have a great influence upon
shorteneing the life of the insurrection.
He has been the leader of the most ir
reconcilable element among the in
surgents.
Should the report concerning Aguin
aldo be true it is believed the insurrec
tion will stop almost immediately.
Jose Paterno says his brother Pedro
is ready to return to Manila. This would
seem to signify the leaders of the in
surrection are convinced of the useless
ness of keeping up the conflict.
conquer and garrison
the islands.
"The administration should
forget its petty quarrels with him
over the beef supply and give the
country the benefit of his expe
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HOLD MAIL FOR
THE VOLUNTEERS
Supf-rint^ndcnf Thrall of the
Railway Mail Service received a
telegram frojn the Postoffice De
partment at Washington yesterday
afternoon, reading as follows:
"The War Department says hold
all mail at San Francisco for the
California Artillery. First Califor
nia Infantry. Second Oregon, Utah
Artillery. Tenth Pennsylvania.
First Colorado, First Nebraska.
First Montana and First South
Dakota. The Oregon Ragiment is
ordered to San Francisco instead
of Portland."
. rience and military skill. Gen
eral Miles' career gives ample
. proof of his ability to handle any
i military problem that might con
; front him in the islands, provid
|ed he is properly supported at
■ home.
"Let the President summon
his resolution and do his duty.
! Let him shake off the hampering
; influence of his discredited Sec
i retary of War, and call to his aid
| instead the undoubted mili
! tary genius of the major general
I commanding the army. Let him
disregard the caution and timid
ity of the political tricksters
about him and confidently appeal
to the people to furnish him the
volunteers Miles will need.
"If he cannot do that, let him
withdraw the American troops
and abandon the idea of
pacifying the islands. The
war has been decisive of
I nothing. Lawton is capable, but
ihe is not at the head of af
-1 fairs. Funston is. brave, but his
individual exploits do not end
| hostilities. The privates are as
I courageous as Funston, but they
are being sacrificed over and
over on the same ground, now
won, now abandoned, now con
quered again. These ineffective
j little campaigns make up one
great, useless waste of American,
lives, and the country is grow
ing weary of the spectacle.
"It ought to be ended. The
proper way to end it is to send
■ Miles, and more troops. But if
the President is unable to rise to
the sacrifice of the feelings of fa
vorites which the sending of
Miles would involve, and afraid
to take the political risk attend
ant upon calling for more volun2
teers, let him recall the troops
now in the islands and stop the
useless slaughter of Americans
and Filipinos. The country is
growing tired of secrecy and
chicanery and faltering and
trifling."
AMERICAN PRISONERS
FED ON RICE WATER
More of the Horrors of the Present
Campaign in the
Philippines.
SpeclaJ Cable to The fall an.l the fc'ew York
Hen righted, 1899. by James Gor
don Bennett *
MANILA, Juno 15 ( DJ carrier pigeon
from Las Pinas).— -Spanish prisoner
who fled int.. iii« American lineß from
Imus report that the enemy has r, -
treated into tin- mountains
The rebels brought to Imus the bodies
of 100 killed ami 300 wounded as the r. -
suit ..f the recent fighting o< twe< n Las
a and Baconr.
The Spaniards further say Mint the
Filipino rorces are demoralized an.]
without ammunition, a.nd that many
rifles have been thrown iM.. the river.
Tin- Mayor of Imus delivered the
tow n •;;. r.. i General Law to-,:, sa
■i'^-ii" peace and to h<
v tl the Americans. He l> < lan . ; that
■ would now exist were it not for
Aguinaldo's cut-throat band.
Cavite Vlejo is reported to have been .
he en my. Thousan '
mbatantß are entering the Amer
ican lines. The official report shows
that i-l bodies of insurgents have ! i
buried since the recent
ai i the American soldiers are still.
finding bodies.
Tlip contemplated reception to the
Americans at Efhus was spoiled by tho
■i of an Insurgent colonel, w ho : v
said to have threatened to have the
populace 'killed if they did not leave
Few stayed In the town. The Four
teenth Infantry and one battery of ai
tillery are now garrisoning the place.
The people are regaining confidence and
returning in spite of threats.
Tons of conceal* ■: si ltp< te and thou
sands of pounds of antiquated artillery I
ammunition and brown powder \\>i<
discovered In the powder house. 1. |
tities had be< n throw n Into the
nic-strioki n Insurgents
given up Beveral pf their best de
fensive positions In their wild flight
southward. Cavite Viejo, Aguinaldo's
hom<-. Noveleta and the entire region
where the Filipinos once thrashed the
Spanish, have been deserted, after the
one battle at Zapote River.
The Americans captured from I
Relief are said to have been forced to
live on rice water and Ball by ordei of
Baldemero Aguinaldo, brothi
dictator. They were urfder detention
as- prisoners in Imus for four days.
The whole Bection Is practically with
out food and Major General Otis has
ordered the distribute n of < :■ c and
to the inhabitants. Many people still
refuse to credit the stories of the as
sassination of General Luna by the
guard ai Aguinaldo's headquarters,
though the reports to the effeel
moat circumstantial and from good
sources. Rumors of assassinations
disasters from the rebel camp are Bo
frequently printed in the local papers
UVII x i}?J, , havr come to be regai
the Governor of Cebu has been killed
by natives because of his friendship to i
Americans. A prominent commercial
man. with exceptional means of learn
ing of the Filipinos' movements, claims
to know (ieneral Luna is still alive,
adding that if h* is dead, and if his
death occurred a month ago, people
would have expected a collapse of the
revolution to follow.
The failure of the Filipino? to follow
up the peacv negotiations strengthens
the impression that. th<Mr overtures
were merely to Rain time and in order)
to lure the Americans to Bhow their
hands.
The Independencia, a revolutionary
organ, of May 20. a copy of which has
just been obtained, prints an Interview
with General I.una showing the argu
ments he used to keep up tho spirits of
his followers. He represents tho Fili
pino cause as prospering "because the
Americans have gained only a hun
dredth part of Luzon by hard fighting, j
and says the women and children till- j
ing the fields within the American lines
give the proceeds of th«ir work in sup
port of the Filipino army. He is said
to have further remarked:
More Americans will be killed by
ambuscades, surprises and disease than
in battles. I detest war, but we can
not accept peace at any price but in
dependence. The Americans suffered ,
for their own independence, and, in !
their own hearts, they appreciate why
we resist them."
THE DEATH OF LUNA
HELPS THE AMERICANS
Otis Has Learned That the Rebel
Leader Was Really
Killed.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyriebted, 18S9, by Juuies ->jr
• don Bennett.
BRUSSELS, June 15.— 1 Interviewed
M. Andre, the Belgian Consul General
in Manila, to-day concerning the as
sassination of Luna. M. Andre declares
that Luna's death is a godsend. He
was the soul of the rebellion, the most
sanguinary, man of all Aguinaldo's
army and one who tortured Spanish
prisoners and lived by .insurrection.
Before M. Andre left Manila for his
present visit to Europe he obtained
from the Americans some concessions
for the 'Philippine insurgents in con
sideration of Luna's formal promise to
release Spanish prisoners. . Luna after
ward refused to fulfill his promise, and
M. Andre, having then described Luna's
conduct a* treacherous : and felonious,
the latter sent him a challenge to a
duel, but he disappeared without fight
ing. ; I ? ; 1 ;; ;
M. Andre says the assassination of
Luna removes the principal obstacle to
peace, which the Americans have now
a great chance of speedily securing,
even by simple persuasion. V
WASHINGTON, June 15.— 1 learned
from a member of the Cabinet to-day
that Major General Otis has sent a dis.
patch to the War Department confirm
ing the report of the assassination of
General Luna of the Filipino army by
a member of Aguinaldo's body guard
at Aguinaldo's headquarters. The
method by which General Otis obtained
this information will not be disclosed
by the authorities, but it is regarded as
reliable. It is apparent General Otis
regards the death of Genera! Luna as
very important, not only as showing
the anarchical • conditions, existing in
the Filipino ranks, but because of the
prominence of the man and the follow
ing he had among the military element
of the natives.
Since the confirmation of Luna's as
HOLY ROSARY'S
COMMENCEMENT
MISS ZORA BROWNING.
WOODLAND, June 15.— The com
mencement exercises of the Academy of
the Holj Rosary w ire held In the as
bly hall of the academy this morn-
Ing. The stage was Blmply but artistic
ally decorated. Ropes of evergreen
were suspended against the wall. A
portrait Of the late Father)
ls the centerpiece, and abo-ve
it a beautiful white dove hovered in a :
wreath of laurels. Below i\ was the
■ use motto, "Virtus et Scientia," work
ed in pansies. nn the stage were two
urns, excellent representations of grow
ing flowers. Many handsome floral j
pieces, arransrtMl with good taste, added i
to the effectiveness at the scene. Vari
colored bunting was used profusely.
and from the flagstaff that Burmounted
the academy the stars and Stripes
proudly floated.
The clergy was represented by Father
Quinn of Sacramento, Fathers Hynes
and Horgan of Marysville, Father
Vnughn of Crass Valley,- Father N'u- j
gent of Folsom and Father Hunt of
We* dland.
The young ladies were all beautifully
■ os turned in spotless white, and when !
grouped upon the stage the pageant
was one that will not soon be forgot
ten by those who were fortunate
enough to be present.
The following programme was ren
• :■ !• :] :
"Wedding March" Mendelssohn i
First piano— Zora Browning, Juiia
Mulligan; Becond piano Mabel
Morris, Bertha Huston.
Semi-chorus, "we Bright Creatures'-'..
Bargi'jl
Velma Howard. Vlctorine Browning,
Florence Clifford, Mabel Morris,
/.. :.i Browning, WUlie Dingle, Alic
Simpson. Mattie Garrett. Elaine
Iding, Mary Kinkade, Edith
Simpson; accompanist, Mmnie Gor
mesnausen.
Essa\ Margan t Glavtn
"There is no Hreßide howsoe'er defended.
But 'nas one vacant chair."
Barker
Mandoline Minnie Germtshausen,
Florence Clifford, Zuma Simpson;
guitars Eugenia Mason, Theresa
VVolf: violin. Constance MeGrath;
piano. Alice Simpson.
S Ive Maria" Mereadante I
Victorine Browning; accompanist,
Willie B. Dingle. '
sassination the authorities have come
«v.^> r-imciu-i' mi that his death, on the
whole, is favoraoK . .... wiu. . .ne
United States. An examination <.-f the
reports made by the Peace Commis
sioners shows that Colonel Arguelles,
the first Peace Commissioner sent to
Manila, came from Luna's headquar
ters, but Luna was either never really
desirous of bringing about peace or he
changed his opinion regarding the ad
vantage of a cessation of hostilities,
for he subsequently declined to per
mit Aguinaldo's commissioners to go
through his lines. After some d<-iaj^
however, they succeedt^d in reaching
Manila.
Tt is now the impression of officials
that L\ina was opposed to p^ace. In
dispatches sent to the State Depart
ment by President Schurman it has
been stated that Aguinaldo hesitated
to stop further hostilities because of
his fear of Luna and other prominent
Filipinos. With Luna, his most promi
nent rival, out of the way, and the les
son of his fate fresh in the minds of
others, it is evident that Aguinaldo will
now have his own way. and the au
thorities aro anxious to learn the road
he intends to pursue. As I have stated,
however, there are to' be no further
conferences between the Peace Commis
sioners and commissioners from Aguin
aldo unless the latter bring definite
propositions for peace.
OTIS HAS ONE
MORE MAKESHIFT
Now Trying to Get the Volunteers
to Remain In the
Philippines.
WASHINGTON. June 15.— President
McKinley has authorizr-d General Otis
to organize throe skeleton regiments
of volunteer infantry from veterans
among the volunteer organizations re
turning home and men discharged by
reason of the expiration of their terms
of enlistment. These regiments will be
rilled to their maximum by recruits to
be sent from San Francisco, so that
General Otis will have at his disposal
a fighting force of 34.354 men. 33.000 of
whom will, it is believed, be always
available.
General Otis has stated that he was
sure he could obtain a large number
' if volunteers who were willing .to re
enlist in th# new organizations. A num
ber, he thought, would return to the
United States to see relatives, but
would soon re-enlist for the Philippine
service. He has been directed to nom
inate field officers and commanding of
ficers of companies for th<>se regiments.
Most of the seventy-two lieutenants re
quired will be selected from men who
have seen service in the Philippine
campaign.
The Presidents authorization of three
volunteer regiments is generally re
garded as a drop in the bucket, and
many War Department officials insist
that he should call out all the volun
teers authorized and send them to the
Philippines to suppress the insurrec
tion.
General Otis cabled to-day the fol
lowing:
MANILA, June 15.— Adjutant General,
Washington: The success of Lawton's
tro";>s In cavite province was greater
than reported yesterday. The enemy,
numbering over 4000, lost in killed and
wounded and captured more than one
third. The remainder, much scattered,
have retreated south to Imus, their ar
senal. Of tho'.r live pieces of artillery
three vtere captured. The navy aided
greatly on ihe shore of the bay, landing
forces occasionally. The inhabitants in
that country rejoice at the deliverance
and welcome with enthusiastic demon-'
Ptrations the arrivnl of our troops.
UTIS.
Dewey Leaves Singapore.
SINGAPORE, June 10.— Tne cruiser
THE SAX FKAUCJLSUU CALL, JbKIDAY, JUSE 1(>, 1599.
Grand Valse de Concert.... " Hoist
Jeannette Merritt, Willie Dingle,
Alice Simpson, Louise Tibbetts.
Scene from the "Life of Mary Queen
of Scots'.'
The royal captive pleads for jus
tice and freedom. Ths haughty
captor scorns the petition. ■■^-,^
Wary, Zora Browning; Elizabeth,
Florence Clifford. ■
l'iano solo. "Rionzi"..- Wagner
Minnie Germeshausen.
Drill and poses., j
Accompanist, Julia Mulligan; Susie
Clark, Jeannette MerriU. Louise
Tibbetts, Henriette Thomas. Bertha
Simpson, Emma Barnett. Gladys
Bernhard, Alice Simpson, Mary
Marttnelli, Lucy Kinkade, Eugenia
Mason, Lucy Martinelll, Velma
Knox, Sarah ECLnkade, Mary Breen,
Lizzie Stefano, Stella Keithley. Inez
McGriff, Laura Simpson, Ethel
Pullan.
Vocal Trio, "Kathleen Mavourneen"
(harmonized) ,
Victorine Browning, Velma How
ard. Zora Browning. . -■"•.:
"I Puritani" Bellini
First piano, Miss Dingle; second • !
piano, Miss Germeshausen.
Poem (original) Zora Browning
"The aim, if reached or not.
Makes great the life." '
Mandolin solo. Ricordo del largo M .-!•?- ;
elore Menozzij
Minnie Gerrheshausen; piano ac
companist, Mabel Morris.
Chorus, "I Waited for the Lord" (from
"Hymn of Praise") Mendelssohn,
Vocal class; soloists- Misses llow
. ard, Morris, Dingle.
Presentation of diplomas, certificates,
class honors.
Closing remarks Rev. John Quinn
The presentation of diplomas and i
certificates, and the announcements of.
< las* honors next followed, after which j
Rev. Father Quinn of Sacramento was j
introduced. His closing address was j
one of the most eloquent ever heard in j
this city. No synopsis erf it could pos
sibly do it justice. He contrasted the
condition of the women of early ages
with the women of to-day, and the {
marveious change he attributed to in
fluences of Christian civilization. His
splendid tribute to the American sense
of justice, which deplores intolerance
and bigotry and which vouchsafes to'
every person the right to worship God
in their own way. aroused a great deal
of enthusiasm. In commending, the
noble work performed by the religious
communities, of . which the Sisters of
the Holy Cross are conspicuous ex
amples, his language was beautiful and
his flights of. oratory inspiring. 1
uiympia witn Admiral Dewey on hoard
sailed from Here at daylight this morning
&!";■, "V^M.nYi.' 1 , 'Y>V.V/, >",,, th6..cruiser wil
THE REBELS ACTIVE
CLOSE TO CALUMPIT
Destroy the Railroad Track and Tele
graph Wires Within the Ameri
can Lines.
NEW York, June IF,.— A special
cable to the Sun from Manila sayr: A
body of insurgents entered the rear of
the American lines three and one-half
miles north of Calumplt to-day and de
stroyed the telegraph wires and a por
tion of the railroad track. The Third
Artillery and a party «f signal men are
now repairing tho damage.
A skirmish at San Fernando this
morning developed heavy firing from
a large force of rebels.
-r>-
FRANS-SIBERIAN RAILWAY.
Count Cassini Says It Will Benefit
This Country.
NEW YORK. Juno I.V— Count Cassini,
the Russian Embassador to this country,
at tho Waldorf-Astoria said to-night that
he would make the prediction that the
United St.itos would roap great commer
cial advantages from the. Trans-Siberian
railway.
"There aro thousands of miles of tele
graph linos there now and the prejudice
against the innovation has almost died
away. H will be the same way with the
railway. At present there is a (href
prejudice against it: but lft the natives
on<> see the benefit* nnd they will not
oppose it. Tho United States' will be a
groat gainer by the building of the new
road.
"The commerce of Russian nnd Eastern
Siberia is very small at the present time
and it will take years to develop it. The
United States, on the other hand, is already
Invading Eastern China and Siberia with
American manufactures, ami as soon as
the trans-Siberian line is running I look
to see you distance all competitors."
Speaking of tho American occupancy of
the Philippines, he. said: "We Russia in
are rather glad than otherwise: but you
are not half through with your troubles
over there yet. General Otis needs twice
as many men as he is using now.."
ADMIRAL CROSBY DEAD.
The Retired Officer Had Been in Ser
vice Forty-Eight Years.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— Rear Admiral
Pierce Crosby, retired, one of the
last of Farragut's active officers
in the stirring sea fights of th.>
Civil War. died here to-night of
diabetes, aged 76. He had a most
active naval career, figuring in the rap
ture of blockade runners and assisting in
the reduction of river forts, particularly
-ar Mobile and New Orleans. He also saw
service in the Mexican war. He w;is at
one time commander of the Washington
Navy Yard. Admiral Crosby retired in
18S3, having Been forty-eight years of ac
tive service. Since his retirement he has
resided in Washington.
Abduction of Marion Clark.
NEW YORK. June 15.— Bella Anderson,
alias Carrie Jones, the nurpegirl. was
called -to the -witness stand to-day in the
1 trial of (iforge Barrow for the kidnaping
Of Marion (lark. The girl told .if the trip
from Brooklyn to Slontsburg ■ with the
baby. The I-Snrrows were in the same car
with her, she said, but they did not sit
with her. In other respects she testified
to the facts of the abduction and flight as
she had confessed them after her arrest.
Kentucky's Deadly Feud.
LEXINGTON. Ky., June 15.— A stranger
who arrived this evening reported that
Jim Howard, one of the leaders of tho
Howard faction, had been shot to-day by
a Baker, lying in ambush. He added that
the people of Manchester expect the How
ards and Whites will attack the Bakers
at their homes on Crane Creek, and that
a fierce bushwhacking war will follow
No corroboration can be had to-night.
Professor Strong Is President.
EUGENE, Or., June 15.— The board of
resents to-night elected Professor F. S
Strong of New Hav#»n. Conn., president of
the I niverslty of Oregon, to succeed C
H. Chapman, resigns!.
FINAL TRIALS
FOR SUBURBAN
Try-Outs at the Various
Courses.
— •»— --
GOOD TIME REELED OFF
- w
STARTERS IN THE GREAT RACE
IN FINE FORM.
Briar Sweet, Fiiigrane, Ben Holladay
and Jfanaster Bhow Speed That
Greatly Encourages Their
Owners.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Fair weather
and a good track were the training con
i ditions that faced the Suburban and
other runners as they went to their
work at the Sheepshead Bay course
1 this morning. Of course the feature of
the morning was the winding-up gallop
lops of the handicap division to go for
: the Suburban to-morrow. The first to
I receive \her finishing . touch; for the %
Coney Island Jockey Club's big event |
was W. B. Jennings grand mare Briar ;
Sweet, who early in the morning was
sent the suburban distance, one m ii e i
and a: quarter, in 2:15. " The half was I
covered in :55 and the mile in 1:47%,
with the mare going very easily. She
pulled up showing no signs of distress, '
and Boon after cooling off demolished
the food in her box with great relish.
• Wyndhani Walden gave his Suburban
racer Filigrane his final preparation in !
the shape of a mile and a half trip in j
2:38. The time' taken fractionally was: ;
Furlong. :13%; quarter, :27; three fur- i
j longs, :40; half. :53^; ' five furlongs, ]
1:07%; six. furlongs, 1:20%; seven fur-'
longs, 1:34;- mile, 1:47%; mile and a
furlong, 2:01; mile and a quarter, 2:13; j
mile and three furlongs, 2:25V4; mile !
and a half, 2:35.
--.: The fast three-year-old looked a trifle \
■ tired ..at the finish, but after making
his toilet he walked to the stable in
good shape.
The morning was weii advanced when
Peter Wimmer brought out Ben Hoi- ;
laday, who, after the formality of
warming up, turned the mile and a
: quarter route, going easily all the way,
|in 2:15%. The fractions were as fol
j lows: Quarter, :2S; three furlongs,
[ :41%; half. :f.4V 2 ; six furlongs, 1:22%;
seven furlongs, 1:35%; mile, 1:48%; mile
i and a quarter, 2:15%.
! At Gravesend track W. H. Clark's j
Banaster got his final mile and a quar- I
ter trial as the wind-up for his Su- j
burban effort In 2:11 1 5 . Candle Black I
went a mile in 1:41. .'. '. ■'•"
J. R. Keene's St. Cloud, working at
| Bheepshead, turned six furlongs in 1:15.
He is probably not intended as a starter
in the Suburban.
BROOKLYN DERBY
IS WON BY AHOM
NSW lORK, June 15.— This was get
away day at Gravesend, and the crowd
was large. The chief, event was the
Brooklyn Derby, at a mile and a half, I
with the best three-year-olds not eligible. '
Half Time was a heavy favorite. Aliom
was first away, with Half Time second
and Glerignr ">•■' _rr»it: « ■..■■< mi. .*!>!*'
up the rear, in the stretch Ahom was
n&uing. hut The Bouncer was catching
him in the last furlong, when he swerved
and A horn went straight ahead with a
little to- spare.
The Tremont stakes, at $10,000, Cor two
year-olds, had as favorites the Fleisch
mann stable pair, Marlbeii and Mischiev
ous. 'Hramhip Rose led the way to the
stretch, when Maribert and Modrine went
out and finished first and second. Results:
Six furlongs— Ben Hadad won. lament mc
ond. Imperiator third. Time, 1:14*4.
One and a sixteenth mlleß, selling— Survivor i
won. Hard Knot second, Tyrshena third. Time I
1:4M4.
Tremont stakes, six furlongs— Maribert won. !
Modrine second. Missionary third. Time, 1:15
Brooklyn Derby 110.000, one and a half miles
—Ahom, 119 (H. Martin). 6 to 1 and 2 to 1. won j
by two lengths: The Bouncer, 119 (Matter) 5
to i and 8 to 6. second; MacLeod of Pare 119 |
(Taral). 15 to 1 and 4 to 1, third. Tim?. 2:36. I
Half Time, Lackland and Glengar also ran
Five and a' half furlongs, selling Gun I
won. Innovator second. Mynheer third Time
1:09. • ■ '
Steeplechase, two -Cookrobin won. Col
onel Bartlett second, Populist third. Time. 3:50.
ST. LOUIS, June 15.— The track was fet
lock-deep in mud to-day. The Brewers'
stake brought out an exceptionally pood !
field. J. "W. Schorr & Son's entry, Aber
dale and Greenock, was made the favor
ite at 7 to 5, but Barney Schreiber's good
colt Boundlee. at 2 to 1, found many back
ers. Boundlee assumed command at the \
start and led the procession to the stretch,
Thrive and Greenock acting as an escort
close up. At the furlong pole Greenock i
came out with a magnificent burst of
speed, winning by one and a half lengths
from Boundlee, who beat Thrive three- j
fourths of a length for the place. Re- i
sults:'
Selling, two-year-olds, five furlangs— El Caney
won, Woodtrlee second, Grace Phillips third.
Time, 1:06.
Three-year-olds, selling, six furlongs— Mr.
Phinizy won. Jerry Hunt second. Duke of Ha
den third. Time, 1:17V4. .
Three-year-olds and upward, selling, mile
and seventy yards— Wilson won, Kisme second,
Sir Rolla third. Time. 1:51%.
Brewers' stake, $1500. handicap, sweepstakes,
for two-year-olds, six furlongs — Greenock won,
Boundlee second. Thrive third. Time. 1:18.
Three-year-olds and upward, six and a halt
furlongs— Alleviate won, Gibraltar second, Pat
Morrissey third. Time, 1:25.
Three-year-olds and upward, selling, one mile
—Lord Neville won, Dutch Bard second, Iris
third. Time, 1:47%.
CINCINNATI, June 15.— Cambrian got
off in the front in the Himyar stakes at
Latonla to-day and was never headed,
winning in a drive by one length from The
Kentucklan. Jockey Thorpe was given an
ovation. Weather fine; track fast. Re
sults:
Polling seven furlongs— Violet Parsons won.
Samivel second, Little Land third. Time,
1:28%.
•Five furlongs— Kllmarneck won, Carbuncle
second. Strathboeck third. Time. 1:02%.
Selling, one and a sixteenth miles— Monadour
won. The Elector second, Friesland third.
Time, 1:47?;.
The Himyar stakes, three-year-olds, value to
the winner |£S2O, one and an eighth miles-
Cambrian won. The Kentuckian second, Monon
gnh third. Time, 1:63%.
Five furloncs— Lndy Elite won, May June
second. Anthracite third. Time, 1:02%.
Seven furlongs, celllng-'John MeElroy won,
Corialls second, Mlzzoura third. Time, 1:28%.
CHICAGO, June 15.— Weather at Haw
thorne fair; track slow. Results:
Seven furiont?— Mooh won. Sir Hobart sec
ond. Isen third. Time, 1:34.
Five furlonsiF— Hood's Brigade won, Prestome
second, Pantland third. Time, I:O6Vb-
Six furlonj«rf=- Boney Boy won, Tony Llcalzl
second. Ooebel third. Time, 1:17%.
One mile, soiling- -Prince Blazes won, Kriss
Krincle second, Rarlvan third. Time, 1:46 V.
One and a sixteenth miles— Queen of Song
WOO, Gold Fox second, Pat Garret third
Time. 1:62«4.
Peven furlnnes— Mole won. Graziella second
Benamela third. Time. 1:3214.
CAIMAN, RIDDEN BY SLOAN,
WINS BIENNIAL STAKES
LONDON, June In.— The new biennial
stakes, at Ascot, was won by t'aiman,
ridden by Sloan. The betting "was 9 to 4
on Caiman. Only three horses ran.
Prince Soltykoff's Leisure Hour was sec
and and Douglas Baird's Brio was third.
Distance one mile, 150 yards. The nice Is
of fifteen sovereigns, ten sovereigns for
feit, with 500 sovereigns added for three
and four-year-olds.
The Gold cup was won by C. D. Rose's
four-year-old eh. c. Cyllene. H. V. Longs
Lord Edward II was second, and J. de
Breamund's Gardefy third. This race is
CUBAN SOLDIERS
ALL TO BE PAID
Th>e Result Will Be Th)at the United
States Will Be Swindled
on Every Hand.
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by
James Gordon Bennett.
0 HAVANA, June la.— Reports from the commissioners in charge of the pay- 85
•3 ment of Cuban soldiers show great discrepancies in the list submitted by the O
£j Cuban Assembly. Many veterans of the four years' war ippliert yesterday to S
-0 Lieutenant Colonel Bisbee at Guanajay for money, but their names -were not £»
i; on the list. They had previously delivered their arms to the Mayor, and on #
0 being refused money demanded the return of their arms. Trouble seemed gj
25 imminent, but a strong- detachment from the Seventh Cavalry was summoned 0
0 and guarded the Mayor's residence all night. V^T jB
{• Bisbee came to Havana to-day and held a conference with General S
0 Brooke, who Instructed him to pay all soldiers who were identified by their 0
jj chiefs as being in the war. Similar instructions will be given to other com- c«
0 missioners, and future payments will be made regardless of the Assembly 0
l» list. Lieutenant Colonel Randall will begin payments at Punta on Saturday JJ
0 for soldiers of the provinces who were found not Qualified on his visit to the 0
*? towns. 53
O More than five hundred were waiting to-day for money, and the city is O
•^ full of soldiers of all types. They are sleeping in the parks and along' the 59
§ wharves. Most of them are unarmed. Those who have money are buying up H
0 old arras, and if a rifle is the only qualification for receiving money there 0
jj£ will be many "ringers" worked on Lieutenant Colonel Randall. iS
5' ■ ... . <?
•o«;o?so»sof *o?*0?so no ss 0%0%0%0 v*o«io%o?i o s o s o&o•* o% o% o\o%o •
for ;t cup valued at 1000 sovereigns, with |
: 300 Bovereig&s in specie added for three- ;
: year-olds and upwards, to start at the cup ;
j ]>. ist and go once around, about two miles i
and a half. Five horses ran.
The New stakes were won by Arthur
Jatnes' hay filly The Georgan. Sloan
rode Lord" William Beresford's oh. g.
Jouvenee, which was unplaced. This
event is of ten sovereigns each, with 1000
i sovereigns added for two-year-olds.
Twelve horses ran over the two-year-old
I course. The betting was 10 to 1 against i
Jouvenee
Mr Asker's two-year-old b. f. Oria won
the all-aged stakes of five sovereigns. 300
sovereigns added. Sloan rode Lord \\ il- '
! liam Her. sfords Doric 11. but was un
placed. The betting was 5 to 1 against i
Doric 11.
1 The Rouse memorial stakes was won l>y
Douglas Baird's four-year-old b. c. Champ
ide Mars. Sloan rode P. Lorttlard'S threo- .
' year-old b. c Dominio II and finished sec- '
' ond. This event is of ten sovereigns each,
half forfeit to the Rouse memorial fund,
with 1080 sovereigns added for three-year
olds.
DRIOLES WIN A LONG
GAME FROM SENATORS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING!
Clubs— W. L. Pet Clubs W. L. Pot. i
Brooklyn .j..3S< 12 .760 Cincinnati ..23 IS .479 i
Boston ......34 15 .634 Pittsburg ...22 28 .458
St. Iyouis -29 20 .612 New Y0rk. ..22 28 .410
Baltimore ...29 20 .612 Washington 17 34 .353 '
Philadelphia 28 20 .583 Louisville ...14 36 .250
Chicago 29 21 .680 Cleveland ... 9 37 .195
BALTIMORE. June 15.— Baltimore won a Ion?
drawn out and one-aided game from Washing
ton to-day. The' Orioles found Weyhlng "to
their liking and hit him almost at Will. . Two
hits were, made off McFarland in the three
innings he was ■on the rubber. Baltimore's
"pony" battery did . well and the fielding of
the team was of a brilliant character. Time
WSJ called twice ' because of heavy showers.
Attendance, 1200. Score:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Baltimore 10 11 ' 1
Washington 2 12 <i
Batteries— Howell an.l Chrisham: Weyhing.
McFarland and McGulre. Umpires— O'Day and
McGuire.
NEW YORK. June 15.— The fifth inning and
part of the sixth inning of the (tame in Brook
lyn was played in the rain, which came down
In torrents and stopped further play. Brooklyn
had grained a safe lead in the meantime by
1..1H1 i.i.ii^ .i,.:.. bit. «■•« i>,, n pr.>-. Att««datiCe:
MOO. Score: h.  r..
Clntw R. H. E.
New York 2 7 1
Brooklyn 8 7 0
Batteries— Doheny and Warner: Kennedy and
Farrell. Umpires— Burna and Smith.
LOUISVILLE. June 15.— The Colonels failed
to hit at the right time, while the Browns
bunched their hits and profited by the home
team's errors. Attendance. 250. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Louisville 2 9 4
St. Louis.. 4 6 1
Batteries'— Downing and Klttredge: Sudhoff
and O'Connor. Umpires— Emslie and McDon
| ald.
BOSTON. June 15.— The Champions had little
difficulty in winning to-day's game, and were
in fine hatting condition when rain stopped the
game In the sixth inning.' The Bostons, by
bunching their hits in the fifth inning, batted
out four runs. The fine pitching of Willis was
the feature of the frame. Attendance. 1700.
Score:
nubs- R. EL E.
Boston 6 S 2
Philadelphia : 17 3
Batteries— Willis and Bergen; Flfield and Me
Farland. Umpires— Lynch and Connolly.
CLEVELAND. June 15.— The errors of the
visitors contributed, largely to the victory of
the home team to-day, but "Leever was also
hit in a timely way. Attendance, 100. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cleveland 6 9 0
Plttsburg 2 8 2
. Batteries— Hill and Sugden: Leever and
Schrlver. Umpire— Gaffney.
CHICAGO. June* 15.— The Orphans bunched
seven of their eight hits in two inning's to-day,
Breltensteln's wlldness giving them their other
two runs. Callahan was batted hard, but kept
the hits scattered except In the eighth. De
mont's fielding was the feature. Attendance,
2400. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 6 8 l
Cincinnati 4 11 2
Batteries— Callahan and Donohue; Brelten-
Bteln and Vaughn. Umpires— Swartwood and
Warner.
Good Racing at Denver.
DENVER, June 15.— Favorites won all
but the last two events at Overland Park
to-day. In the first race, the 2:17 trot,
Phoebe Childers, a California mare, won
| from a large field by hard work, and In
I the 2:40 pace Coney, another horse from
i Thomas E. Keating's string:, could have.
i if urged, distanced the whole bunch in the
1 first heSt. Two horses did fall behind the
flag. In the last two running races Za
i raida and Sandnw were the favorites, ai
i though neither of the winners was better
than 7 to 1.
Trotting, 2:17 class— Phoebe Childers won
third, fourth and fifth heats and race. Time
2:15%, 2:16%, 2:15%. Sister Aflen took second
heat: Time, 2:18%. Trilby P took first' heat.
Time. 2:13%. Ellert, Hooper, King Holllday
and Jane also started.
. Pacing, 2:40 class-Coney won in three
straight heats. Time, 2:14%, 2:15%, 2:13% Lady
Smart. Princes, Adi, Blast and Arllne B also
started. »
Five and a half furlongs— The Light won.
Jim Gore second, .Tuva third. Time, 1-09%
i Tippet, McLlght and Dick Behan also ran.
One and a sixteenth miles— May Beach won,
Reolia second. Oloja third. Time. 1:50%. Stan
za, Charlotte M, Big Staff, Cavallo and Mount
ain Queen also ran.
: Seven furlongs— Mike Rice won. Negligence
second. Zaralda third. Time. 1:31. Fleeda, Ll
bretta, Enclno, Marven, Edslagel, Mickle,
Moon, Oreusa, Senator Dubois, Oldham and
Swiftly also ran. •
Five and a half furlongs— Sue Clifton won
Kitary second. Yellowstone "Whisky third'
; Time. 1:10. Sandow, Colonel Cody and Heffroii
j also ran. ' .
McCoy's Forfeit Posted.
CHICAGO, June 15.— "Kid" McCoy, the
middleweight pugilist, who is on his'wav
to Denver, while in the city to-day post-*-]
$10nft with George Siler as a forfeit for "a
match with James J. Jeffries for the
heavyweight championship.
Margin About Lake Nicaragua.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, June 15.— The
engineers of Nicaragua and Costa Rica
have disagreed fur about six months re
garding the line defining the margin
about Lake Nicaragua, and now the Nlc
araguan engineer has appealed in an oDon
Utter to General Alexander, the arbiter
of the boundary, to examine and deride
the lake question without the concurrent
request of Costa Rica. It is expected that
President Zelaya will return June 20 from
Jlnotope to Managua.
Justin McCarthy has a character
study of Pope Leo XIII in next Sun
day's Call.
ONLY SCIENTIFIC
TAPS EXCHANGED
Chief Devery Defends
Big- Fighters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 15.— The. sittings Of
the Mazet Investigating Committee to- i
day proved interesting, and in at .least
one instance exciting, and after a squab
ble with tin- minority members over the
matter of adjournment the sessions were ;
adjourned until August 1.
Chief of Police Devery was called jpon
by Mr. Moss to explain why he first I
threatened to stop the Fitzsimmons-Jef- |
fries prize right and then went to the i
ringside and allowed it to go on to a
knockout finish. Chief Devery admitted ;
that he took an interest in prize fighting
and upheld prize righting and the Horton
law. Devery said the. recent fight com- J
plied with the law and was in all respects !
a cleancut contest.
He explained the difference between
Marquis of Queensberry and London prize
ring rules. lie would interfere, in a fight !
under the London prize ring rules, but '
there was. he said, no brutality in bouts
according to the Marquis of Queensberry
rules. He had wanted to prevent the Jef
fries-Fitzsimmons bout, but deferred to
the wishes j>t the people who took the '
opposite view.
"Did you see any heavy blows struck?"
was asked Chief Devery.
"They jarred a little. It was a clean,
scientific . contest. Neither of the men
complained that he was struck heavily."
"Was there a knockout blow?"
"That I can't say. Th* man went down.
I can't say if he was knocked out."
"You saw him knocked unconscious and
carried from the ring?"
"I did not. I saw him put in a chair,
recover immediately and shake hand*
I with his antagonist."
Mr. Moss quoted at length from news
i^ner. ..■iipi-ingi. regarding th» fight, but!
the Chief stuck to his position thit under!
the law the police had no right to Inter
fere in a glove contest like that of Jef- I
1 fries and Fitzsfmmons. Asked how Jef- !
fries comes to be champion if the contest
was not a fight for the championship of
the world, the Chief said: "Under the law
he is the Horton champion."
The Chief denied that he let the Fitz- i
simmons-.TefTries contest go on because !
he was warned that if he stopped that
fight he would have to stop all others and
might thereby hurt the business of his
friend. Senator Sullivan.
"Was Fitzsimmons knocked down by
Jeffries?"
"He fell. . A little tap might" have
dropped him while he was side-stepping "
"It looked as if he fell as the result of I
a blow?"
"He might have. My personal opinion
was that the law was not violated."
Mr. Moss, still reading, referred to "two
Mows in the face that were like the kick
of a mule."
"Did you see those two blows?"
"I saw those two scientific taps." •
Chief Devery averred that he saw noth
ing in the law to prevent such fighting
in the future.
Chief Devery and Mr. Moss then got '
into a fierce wrangle regarding a friend I
of the Chief's and his connection with i
poolrooms, and the chairman ordered the I
Chief of Police from the committee-room I
threatening at the same time to have him I
ejected by the sergeant-at-arms. Chief
Devery left.
CONFERENCE OF METHODISTS.
Rally of the Representatives of the
Western Section.
NEW YORK, Junt* 15.— A ennferenre
Of the Western Section of the Method- i
ist World, which comprises the United j
States and Canada, North and South |
America, having in view a meeting of
the Methodist Ecumenical Council to be j
held in London in the fall of 1901. held
a meeting in this city to-day.
Commissioners representing thirteen
denominations of the American Meth
odist churches were present. Bishop C
B. Galloway, of the Methodist Episco
pal Church. South, was chosen tern- I
porary chairman. Bishop John F
Hurst, of the Methodist Episcopal ;
Church, Washington, D. C. was elect
ed permanent chairman of the Western
Section, and Rev. Dr. John B. Tigert of
Nashville, Term., was elected perma
nent secretary. H
The following: executive committee I
was appointed: Bishop Hurst Wash ;
ington; Bishop D. A. Goodsell. Chat
tanooga, Term.; Rev. J. w. Hamilton
Cincinnati; Rev. J. H. Carroll, Plain- :
field N^ J.; Rev. W. "R. Haven. New;
York; Rev. D. H. Carroll, Baltimore; ;
Rev. L. B. TA ilson, Washington D C ■
Rev. J W Van Vleck. Middletown'.
Conn.; Bishop Galloway, Rev Dr Ti
gert, Rev. P. H. Whisner. Louisville; |
Rev. J. TV. Lee. St. Louis; Rev A Car- '
man, Toronto; Bishop Abraham Grant, I
Philadelphia; Bishop R. s. Williams. !
\\aahington, D. C, and Rev. J. Mason j
New York.
There have been only two ecumenical
councils held before. The first one was -
in London in 1881 and the second was
held In Wash'ngton, D. C. in 1891. j
Those present at to-day's meeting rep- ]
resented about 30,000,000 people.
Countervailing Sugar Duties.
LONDON, June 12.— The House of Com
mons this evening, by a vote of 293
againat 1."2, rejected a motion proposed by
tho Right Honorable Sir Henry Hartley
*owler, Liberal member for East Wolver-
Hampton and former Secretary of State
for India, praying the. Queen to disallow
the proposal of the Indian Government to
Impose countervailing duties upon sugar.
Fruits Frcm Fresno.
FRESNO, June 15.— The first carload of
green deciduous fruit shipped from Fres
no County the present season was ship
ped by the Porter Brothers Company to
day to Chicago. The shipment consisted
of pears, Slmoni prunes, Burbank plume
and Tragedy plums.
Bitten by a Vicious Bog.
SAN RAFAEL. June 15.-Ethel Gul
dager. the four-year-old daughter of a
railroad employe, was severely bitten by
a vicious dog last night. A "doctor wu
summoned and found the little girl's left
side so badly mangled that she may be a
cripple for life, y De a
JAIL DOORS OPEN
FOR JAMES DIEB
Suspect Released From
Custody.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL; June 15.-James Dior,
arrested on suspicion of murdering Pete
Lorraine in Carson Canyon on May 1. was
released from custody last evening by
Sheriff Taylor and permitted to return to
his cabin on Lagunltas Creek. Dier owes
his release to the fact that the authorities
have been unable to discover Lorraine 3
body, though thay think the evidence suf
ficient to convict the suspect if the body is
ever found. Though released from Jail,
Dier is under the surveillance of Deputy
Sheriff Charles Allen and will not be per
mitted to leave Mann County.
The difficulty in finding Lorraine's body,
if the old woodchopper is really dead, is
occasioned by the late" rains. Lagunlt 13
Canyon is noted for its heavy rainfall,
and during the freshet the creek over
flowed its banks, thus; obliterating all
traces if the body was buried along the
stream. The rains also destroyed all
traces that might have existed if the body
was dragged through the underbrush.
Before his release Dier was shaved Efld
pictures taken of him in various attitudes.
These will be sent all over th. country to
discover whether or not the man is want
ed for any other crime. Shortly before^
his departure the suspect became lofiua-^
cious and related the story of hi.- life to
Sheriff Taylor and Detective Bolger.
He said he was born at Eskin, in Leeds
County, Canada, and when a young man
went to Litchfield, 111., and worked in me
car shops. From there he went to Hurt-,
Mont., then to Silver City, and finally
drifted *to Tampico, Mexico. Leaving
that place he went to Galveston, Tex.. •
and then to Nevada. He worked in tho
mines near Denver, C 010.,, for two years,
and then came to San Francisco. After
a while he journeyed to Topeka. Kan.,
and there patented a oar coupler, the de
sign of which was drawn by an architect
named Percy Allen. After going to Mex
ico again he returned to San Francisco,
then went to Oregon and finally returned
to work for John Erios in (/arson Canyon.
Dier has two nieces named Martin liv
ing in Jefferson County New York. He
is now 43 years old. Much of what he toM
Is contradictory. ;.'.. ..
Bealh of Simon P. Breen
PAX JUAN, .lunp i:>.— Simon P. Brpon, a
metnber of the il!-fatfd Dormer party anrl
hrnthor of tho latp Judge J. H. Brefn. riied
yrsterJay. Hf- was fil yt-;irs of ago.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•(A EVERY MAN
if if WOMAN
3 """Jriks should
j^ STUDY THIS
l\ (4)] I DiAORAM -
/ § y^x Ju 1 For il may be the
9 M Air 5 1 Ivy I rnPans or bringing
M J\ V&k! r<fJ lyi I harniin<»ss. Health
/ ?f ll*Sii~' 1 -5^ I is happiness, an.l
f jff^Ml r J how to regratn the
I MM i'X^^ health that has
I m m -%• been lost is a qnes-
lil " I tion of vital im-
jif I I portanee. There is
I \ F- — -*[ no class of diseases
' lAI I' » more comjnon to
\ijf y . _ -** humanity, ami no
» 1-; St* diseases that are
■I lift more apt to rreata
1: I\\ serious complica-
■ J \\\ tlons than those
I X that relate to the
liver.
A TORPID LIVER may seem in itself an
inoffensive . disorder to one who does not un-
| derstand, or one who does not pive the mat-
• 'pr Furious thought, hut It Is a . most danper-
r,iis _ t " SOn V"'r. FT'XCTIONAL, inT ni<s-
EASE, ULCEHATIHX OF THE STOMACH,
I CHRONIC INFLAMMATION \XT' EN-
i LARGEMENT OF THE LIVER are very of-
ten due to torpid liver.
You can diagnose your own case. (No 1)
denotes headache . and dizzy spells; (No. 2)
, yellow eyes and dots before eyes; (No 3)
coated tongue and offensive breath; (No 4)
j fluttering of heart; (No. 5) disordered digestion
IXO. *) pil!n or soreness over reeion of liver:
(No. '' pa ' in shoulders and aching of joints.
The above are all symptoms of an inactive
. liver. Another prominent symptom is consti-
-1 pation.
HUDYAN Is a positive
: "■": and permanent cure for
; : all liver troubles. HL'D-
: MEN AND : VAN strengthens and
\A/f»IVlI-^M : stimulates a sluggish or
; WUlVltr> . torpid liver, and diverts
: ADVISED : the bile from the blood 1 1
• enpe ! into its proper channels. 5
. I K.:r.. . HUDYAN cures constlpa-J I
:»... —^r-,™« i tion permanently, for it
• CALL or WRITE.- arouses the liver from
;.. i its inaction. HTI'V \ V
, : '. act? naturally, does not
nauseate, does not cause
any. discomfort.
: HUDYAN Is for sale by druggists— 50c a
package, or six packages for $2 50.
: If your druggist does not keep 'HUDYAN,
I fend direct to the HUDYAN REMEDY CO.,
j cor. Stockton, Ellis and Market st 3., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
! YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OP
I CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
JOEPOHEIM, riilk
Makes the Best Fitting Clothes at 25 per
cent less than any other house on the
Pacific Coast, and it is the only house
where you get tine clothes at moderate
i prices. s* '
PANTS ff SUITS
TO ORDER T ° ° BDER
$4.50 mm $10.00
5.00 M&1 13 BO
6.00 ?SH* is- SO
-7 00 |HSS 17 - 50
8.00 II 20.00
900 II 25.00
10.00 "SfW 30.00
. FULL DRESS SUITS TO ORDER FROM $25 TO $60
j The firm of JOE POHHM it the Urge* 00 the Coast.
Kules for self measurement and unifies of doth ««nt free.
If garments ire not satisfactory in erery respect, money
refunded. 201 and 203 BontgomerjSt., and S^?,
11 10 and HIS Market St., S. F.
485 Fourteenth St., Oakland
14.3 S. Spring St., Lo« Angles
} visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
MUSEUM of anatomy^
i 4 f3 1051 SI. bet 6A*7ti, ST.CiI. i
Ef The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
i I —tafe^. World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
Sgat disease po»ltl»fly cured hy the oldest ¥
0 ' IES I CUiililon the Couc Esc 36 yeaiv • 9
i J3£i DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ IVlmbm _ Consult «'on free »nd strictly r riv»te \
§ I A^ll I ' me 5* personally or by letter A A
\fijf IIR ,""" <*"•« in every case undertaken. ¥
at I lIP w rite for Book - pniLosupoy of A
\ U ll' »»»«lACE. MAILED FREB (AY
i 4 U' W*«»iac:e. men) fre™ 'aF
f OR JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. ¥
NER VBTA Kwtom TALrnr
Jmtm^ ~LIJ-_2J- VIGOR.
iuQl '■■ AND MANHOOD
EflfZ» J Cum Impotency Night Emissions and wasting
rai^l diseases, all effects of sell-abuse, or excess and
> jujj indiscretion. A nenrctonic and blood-builder.
{, *^&T Brings the pink glow to pale 'hecks and re»
stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 p»r
g^^R boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with 0 written
•*IIP >8n guarantee to cure or refund the money.
Oervlta medical Co., Clinton « 3ack»ca ttt., EWeaaj.
K. L. Baldwin A Co.. Drugglau. 8 Market. B. F.
D I L^ RUPTURE. .
NO MOKE IRO.nV
ggWEdO^&^ffigiy Hoops or Steel Spring*. '
rTflßß^^ Rupture retained with ea»«
B--^JwV< and comfort, and thousands radl-
fi /«L ca "y CURED by DR. PIERCE'
■ 7ffl» Magnetic Elastic Truss. ICTCaII at
office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAQNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
620 Market at., opP. Palace iioiei, ban JTraaclaotTHE BRITISH
SCHEME FOR
ARBITRATION
Tame as Compared to That
Submitted by American
Delegates.
WORK AT THE HAGUE
-- - — A
Terms of the Geneva Conference
lo Be Extended to Naval
Warfare.
Prer-ui Cable to The (-nil and th» New York
Heral.l. righted 1539, hy James Gor
don Hennett.
THE HAGUE. June 15.— 1 am able to
outline "f the English arbltra
posal. It provides for the or
ation of a permanent tribunal
international arbitration, whi.h
Lccessib at all time?
shall b i bj
rbitration to be 1 by
' ■ i that purpose,
rmanent ■ entral office shall b
tablished; with a permanent secretary
: archivist and a suitable stuff, to
serve as ,i m i ition
for the assembling of the tribunal.
Each signatory power is to appoint
two jurists or publicists of high learn
ing . ■ i .i.s judges on
i he trli vi
Any of the signal w powers desiring
to h.i rse to the tribunal for the
of differences shall
Its desire t" t he s< ere
■ . . i ml afterward
the list i r" members
the number of arbitra
: for In the arbitration
tvitl pern ission to Join to
ther person. The litigants
Rx the date for the as
if the tribunal.
tline shows that the English :
• tame, simply pro- '
. the principle of arbitration
■ • ■ ; a - tv in any
rmany would probably prefer
Is believed
not wishing to be
ork, as al
\\ ired, will a n a com-
I of the much more precise and
is matter comp sing the Ameri
' : : ■ - • ";• s.
Red i '!■••■ imittee of the
to-day, Profes
pgation pre
3or Louis Renault of the
tion explained that cer
tain tions had been made In
t, meeting the wishes ex
eagues at the last i
i
Captain T MaJian, [Jnlted
• s navy, declared his readiness to
als submitted in a spirit
tion, though he eons] .
un i in • "ir.-ici] t i tii
picked up
by vessels finding themselves acelden
■ ' i.nvai engage-
The subcommittee, however,
nsidered that article 9 covered all
I
Mom to I' hiri> of the Jap i
nounced that he proposed
ibmit a motion modifying article
f. the G ■■ nvention regarding
disposition of sick and wounded
ines nf the subcom
• ■: . n hich lea yes such dis
victora to decide,
dng adopted the presi- ,
: : to the advantage which
i be gained if. during the con
■•. a convention could be signed
; the Important humanitarian
articles comprised in tho subcommit- |
:)•.. motion •<{ Unr^n de Bildt, t >i • -
Norway and Sweden, it
was decided that the president should
the conference such a con
ventioj with th- linal article providing
for the signature of protocols of ad
• • Th- c< immit tee will
recommend to the conference the j
on of the Geneva Convention of
On motion of Admiral Sir John
Fisher, representative of Great Britain,
>te of thanks was accorded the
'whose efficient w<>rk made
I plication of the < teneva
a naval war. th" first practical
■ of Ibe conference."
Th" chief of the British delegation,
Sir Julian Pauncefote, the head of tho
American delegation, Andrew I). White,
and others attended a brilliant recep
tion tendered by Baron de Estournellea
Constant of the French delegation to
day.
CONFLICTING STORIES
FROM THE HAGUE
LONDON, June. UJ.:— The correspondent
■ f the Tlm< The Hague remarking
•he "changed outlook" says: "It
seems possible that the conference
achieve Bom£ substantial practical
i,<] conclude Its labors earlier
... lfi expected. The arbitration com
n is now making satisfactory pro-
To-day there is a fresh proposal In
eh may Bafely be attributed to
Sir Julii ri Pa uncefote.
"Ti ts In making The Hague
permanent bureau, com
• 3ldent Ministers of for
:he l >utch Foreign Min
lt would have the ad
\ai,!...- v. :! h salaried offl
■ii to predict that the
plan would favorably received on all
... t< the success of ar
bitral
ondent of the Daily
- Fays. "Emperor Nicholas, it is re
ported hei disappointed at the
prospei ■ outcome of the Peace
Conference. [ n •(,. jplnfon of his advis
o further | , ; .. . ...| ),,. indulged that
sufficient success will he attained to war
■ ; of the conference.
II is understood thai neither Cirmany nor
tr ■ ■•• . s.-n,n,i Invita
tion."
NOT TO OFFER MEDIATION.
Peace Conference and the Transvaal
Controversy.
London, Jun< !■;. T!,. correspondent
Daily News at The flague says he
lias the besl authority for asserting that
the peace conference will In no case offer
mediation between Great Britain and the
aal,
PRETORIA, June 15.— Both chambers
of the VTolksraad have adjourned to en
abl< th< members to consult their con- 1
stituenta on the franchise proposals of
i\- 1 sldei t Krugec.
PROBABLE INCENDIARISM.
Tire Warden Discovers Traces of
Crime at an Early Morning Fire.
OAKLAND, June IH.— Early this morn-
T ng a lire was discovered in the building
.ikfhth street formerly known as the
I >ld Salvation Army Barracks, but now
as a chemical factory. After thr>
flames had been extinguished Fire War
<i'-n Lawton discovered gasoline and other
combustible liquids scattered about the
; ace, and has come to the conclusion
that the fire was not the result of an ac-
Udcnt, as was reported.
POINCARE
SELECTING
A CABINET
Confers With Loubet as to
Men Who Will Receive
Portfolios.
DUELS OVER DREW'S
The Result of Quarrels Among
Office: s at Brest, Where the
Captain Will Disambark.
Dispat ii
PARIS, Jme 15. M. Poincare In
:.: !.■ libel this morning
that he would accept the task of form-
He will take the war
portfolio In addition to-the presidency
of the council.
M. Poincare conferred with President
Loubi ■ this : fternoon, reporting the ac
i eptan ■•■ by M. Guillainat i f th,- Colon
irtfolio; -A. de Lombre of the port
■ .■"::.. i tii ■ . and M. Rib >t of the
portfolio of Public Instruction.
He will report more*fully to-morrow.
There is gtill somi doubt whether M.
Poincare will suco ed in forming a
try. II" wishes MM. Ribot and
Barthou to join him, but the Radicals
object to their presence In the Cabinet.
It is understood that M. del Casse will
i . main at the Foreign « >ffice.
A private conversation of M. Krantz,
Minister of War In the retiring Cabin* t
has been published here, which repre
sents him as still believing that Drey
fus is guilty. If this be the case he
is not likely to appear in the new Min
istry.
Tho Dreyfus agitation is far from
having subsided. Quarrels between
officers at Brest, where Dreyfus will
disembark, have just led to two duds,
and numerous Mayors have been sus
pended for refusing to placard the
judgment of the C urt of Cassation.
Mme. Loubet received last week
hundn ds of anonymous threatening
letters, written on superfine pa] er in
elegant penmanship. Some of these
were menacing. The writers threatened
that if she accompanied her husband
to the Grand Prix sh" would return -.'.
widow. The moderate republicans in
the Senate intend to introduce a bill
assimilating the President of the re
public to foreign sovereigns. This
would render persons insulting him
liable to prosecution before the cor
rectional chamber.
THE ENEMIES OF
DREYFUS ACTIVE
NEW YORK. June 15.— A special
cable to the Sun from Paris says: It is
daily becoming evident that there is
much ferment in military circles. This
is demonstrated by several recent or
ders Of the day issued to troops by
their commanders. Consequently the
new Government will probably find it
necessary to adopt severe disciplinary
measures.
The anti-revisionist press daily grows
bolder in expressing the opinion that
the new court-martial will condemn
Dreyfus and is simultaneously seeking
to warp the judgment of the prisoner's
future judges by appeals to them to
protect the honor of the army.
Rennes, the town where the court
martial will sit. is already in a state
of great agitation and everything in
dicates that there will be considerable
turbulence during the trial. The au
thorities, realizing the danger, are
taking extensive measures for the pre
servation of order.
The newspaper, Droits de I'Homme,
publishes an alleged statement from M.
Krantz, retiring Minister of War, to
the effect that his experience In tlv
war office had not altered his opinion
of the Dreyfus case. He was convinced
that both Dreyfus and Colonel Picquart
were guilty.
DECISION RELATING
TO HOP CONTRACTS
judge Davis' Final Ruling in Suits
That Have Interested All Grow
ers in the State.
MARYSVIL.LJ3, June Ls.— ln the Supe
rior Court to-day Judge L'avis rendered
his decision in the , ; , S i sof n. Mltau el
al. vs. J. \v. Roddan, E. C. Hoist et al.
; t ti « l I. < '. J 'reseller .i;_'.'iinst the same de
fendants, the suits mowing out of con
tracts made between the ilrni of Meblua
& Drescher of Sacramento and Roddan
i;r"s. for delivery of the hops raised on
the latters' farm near Wheatland for Qve
years, beginning in '.^i'.. which contracts
wen asigned to E. C. Horst of San Fran
cisco by the Roddans. Horst, who has al
ready confessed a liability of $60,000 on the
deal." is most affected by the decision.
The court holds that while the contracts
were assignable, the defendants were
guilty of a breach of the contracts by
their refusal to allow an inspection of the
hop <rop by Mebius & Drescher on the
farm. The plaintiff is awarded commis
sions on the bonus contracts of January
and March of im»7 and nominal damages
in the sum of ?1 on the preference con
tracts of the same yeai ; also damages for
t! ; . breach of the contract of lye,. No
damages are- allow ■! the defendants on
their counter claim. Plaintiffs are denied
attorneys' fees, but ll is held that the
trust.es are entitled to lawful disburse
ments.
The court holds that 19.000 pounds of
hops delivered by the growers, the Rod
dans, to plaintiff. Drescher, were delivered
under the I V !'L' contraiii and no; under the
ls'.C contract, ami M was decreed that the
market price of hops in lh9T was 1! cents
and in 1898 L 5 cents.
These suits, which were tried early this
year, attracted considerable attention
from hop men throughout the state.
many Of whom were en the stand a-- ex
pert "witnesses as to -he custom and law
governing hop contracts, the market
price, etc. _
PETRULEUM AS FUEL
Successful Test Made With a Valley-
Road Engine.
STOCKTON, June lii.-- A test of tho
steam-producing qualities <>f petroleum
was made this afternoon on engine 102 of
the Valley branch of the Santa Pc road.
The employe* of the roundhouse here
have been engaged for some time in fit
ting i-p the engine with the necessary
fixtures for burning petroleum. The
burner used is long and narrow. Heat
-tnd flames are blown under the boilers by
a current of steam, which is secured "t
first by heating the boilers with w l.
Then the petroleum is started and n
erates the strain. The test this after
noon was fairly satisfactory, and it is ex
pected that eventually a number of tha
Valley engines will bo fitted up to use
this class of fuel, which comes cheaper
than either wood or coal.
Improving the Ne Plus Ultra.
MADKRA, June 1f..- over one hundred
men are at work at the Ne Plus Ultra
copper mine, near Daulton. which re
cently changed hands, the purchase price !
being $125,000. Three immense hoisting
plants are being erected, and it is ex
pected the mine will be turning out 100 ]
tons of ore a day as soon as the present ;
Improvements are commpleted. [
AJiJli »itJN .JB'itlflJlw'OibO'O U-AJL-Li, JMtIUAI, JUJNJiJ 1(3, 1899.
JACKSON GETS THE
NEXT GRAND PARLOR
THE NATIVE
DAUGHTERS
SO DECIDE
Mother Organization Gives
Such a Warm Invitation
That It Is Accepted.
RELIEF WORK DONE
The Board Makes i Most Interesting
Report— Viv, Fostering of
State Pride.
Sp< il 1 >is] at !, i.. The Call.
STOCKTON, .Fun.- 15.— The next
Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters will meet in Jackson,
Amador County. The pressing in
vitation extended yesterday by
the Jackson delegates was accepted to
day and nexl year the mountain town
will extend Its hospitality to the fair
Nai ives.
The bo ird of relief met during the
morning at the home oi .\!is. Carrie R.
Durham. There were present Mrs.
Tina 1.. Kane, president; ."Miss Mac B.
Wilkins, vice president; Mrs. C. R.
Durham, treasurer; .Miss Clara K. Wit
tenmeyer, secretary, and directors
Mesdames W. S. Leake, H. M. Green,
J. A. Steinbach and Miss Mariana Ber
tola. Regular business was transacted
and an ;• Ijournment tak' n sill to-mor
row morning.
At the afternoon session a telegram
containing the greeting of the Grani
Parlor was sent to Mrs. Lillian Carlie
f San Francisco in reply to a com
munication which had been received
from her.
The report of the board of relief was
one of the most interesting features of
the hour. Mrs. W. S. Leake spoke at
length upon the accomplishments of the
i in reference to the Xutr. c
Daughters' Mom.'. She outlined the in
tentions of th" directors for Increasing
the field of usefulness of the home and
what it was hoped to accomplish In the
near future.
The showing mad-' was highly sa'is
factory to the Grand Parlor, ani at
the conclusion of Mrs. I^ake's remarks
a vote of thanks was extended her f r
her active work in the cause. Many
of the interior delegates were pleasant
ly surprised .-it the progress made in
this department of the work. The fol
lowlne telegram was read to the parlor:
JACKSON, June 15. To Grand Parlor
X. D. <;. \\\: [Jrsula Parlor No. 1, sends
you heartfelt thanks and welcome you to
the scenes of Auld Lang Syne. The
mother parlor of the order promises the
Grand Parlor next year the most memo- j
rable reception In Its history.
URSULA PARLOR NO. 1. I
The Native Sons of Jackson s.-nt this
greeting:
JACKSON, .Tune 15.— Excelsior Parlor
applauds the action of your Grand Par
lor and pledges its sisters of I'rsula that
they may rely upon it in every way to
promote the complete success of the r> -
ception to the Grand Parlor N. I). G. W.
next year.
JAMES ALVISE, President
JOHN F. DAVIS, Past President.
Miss Bertola of Mills College moved
the passage of a resolution, the same
to !"■ Bent Senator George C. Perkins,
to the effect that the Native Daugh- I
' rs of California would far rather wait
a while and have a fully equipped bat- j
tleship bear the name "California,"
than to allow that honor to fall to a I
cruiser. The resolution was passed.
Under the call for i remarks upon!
"good of th<> order," a number of ex
cellent short talks were made. Eliza
I). Keith made an address that aw ok"
general Interest, and certainly con
tained suggestions worthy of consider
ation. After referring to the wide field
which the State offered to the student
of history and industrial conditions.
Bhe deplored that many great natur
al n onuments were fading away. There
was need for some State Bociety to take
up tho work of restoration of such
landmarks as the old Missions, to pre
WORK ON THE SAN
PEDRO BREAKWATER
News Comes That Will Greatly Aid
in Hastening the Govern
ment Contracts.
LOS ANGELES. June 15.— J. W. Wyck
<>ff, general manager <>f the Government
breakwater ai San Pedro, and represen
tative nf Mrs. Peter w. Neu of Chicago,
says the keel for the fourth scow t<> be
used for rock dumping was laid at San
Pedro to-day. The third scow will be
completed by July 1, while two boats
have for some time been in commission.
The two bcows now used ouch have a ca
pacity of 77.", tons of rock. The new boata
will be able to carry 1500 tons at a load.
The contractors nave Beventy-flve men
employed in their quarries, and forty in
the shipyard. The work of construction
will be In full swing by August 1. whin
!7.", Tiifii will work in the quarries.
Two BCOW loads of rock an- hein^
dumped each week. When operations are
tinder full headway, two loads will be
dumped each day. AYhere it now takes
three or four days to load a biu-tfe with
working material' for the proposed break
water, the same thins will after a time
lie accomplished in as many hours. The
many obstacles that have been encoun
tered have by the persistency of the con
structors gradually disappeared. Mrs.
Peter \v. Neu. wife of the dead con
tractor, is expected to lie in Los Angeles
some time during th<> comins: month. The
• state stiil own? its interests in the San
Pedro breakwater contracts.
PASSING SPURIOUS CHECKS.
A Young Fresno Man Obtains Money
Under False Pretenses.
STOCKTON, June 15.— Complaint was
made to the police this afternoon thai
Harry N. Nickson, a young man well
known In Fresno, was obtaining money
under false pretenses by means of worth
less checks. He worked off one check
purporting to have been signed by H. D.
Stevens, and all told is supposed to have
cleaned up about $200 within a few days.
It is said that he used bogus names on
most of the checks. The fraud was not
discovered until after Nickson had left
town. He is said to be well connected
and to be Interested In an estate which
pays him a fair monthly dividend.
Drowned in the Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, June I~>.— A 7-year-oW
boy named [vice, the son of a widow llv-
Ing near the river in the outskirts of the
city, was drowned to-day while bathing
In the river. This is the first caae of the
kind this season, but every summer a
number of hoys are drowned owing to the
treacherous nature of the currents caused
by steep sand banks in the channel.
MRS. CORfi B. SIFFORD.
serve early records and traditions of
the aborigines and Spanish, to care for
precious relics and colled data for his
tory. She urged that memorial tablets
be made and placed on spots sanctified
by heruic deeds or made famous by his
torical incidents. She referred to how
the Eastern states marked every spot
of interest by tablets and monuments,
and urged thai ea< h parlor pi ant a trey
that would grow and flourish long af
ter the members had passed away.
Each parlor should have a historian.
a museum. There should be a chair of
California history in the university.
Stnte pride should be fostered |jy State
s<inps, State literature and flowers.
The remarks were well received, and
some of th»- suggestions will probably
be favorably acted upon by the parlor.
The parlor did not reach the election of
grand officers to-day. c,,ra B. Slfford
will undoubtedly be chosen grand pres
ident to-morrow. There is considerable
good-natured nvalrj for some of the
offices, but all electioneering is betas
done in the most friendly spirit. There
was much indignation to-day over the
tenor of reports made by a local paper,
which sought to make It appear that
personalities were being indulged in by
some of the friends of those mentioned
for Grand Parlor offices. As Mrs.
Sifford is now grand vice president the
unwritten rules of the order remove
the grand presidency from any contest.
Th" chief interest centers in the elec
tion of her successor, who will be either
Mrs. Maker or -Mrs. Cett. There are
many amendments and additions to the
ritual which have been proposed and
which must be disposed of before ad
journment.
The delegates will have to work hard
to-morrow to finish, but there is no rule
to prevent the parlor continuing the
session the following day if there Is
business demanding attention remain
ing at the end of the stated sessions.
An effort is being made to do a was
with the requirement that the constitu*
tion and by-laws be read at each par
lor meeting. Tlip question of time con
sumed in reading is being urged against
the present provision. It is probable
that if this obligation is not eliminated
entirely provision will be made for the
reading only at stated intervals.
It has been decided that no individ
ual member can purchase a copy of the
ritual unless the same is a110w,.,] ),,
remain in the possession of the presi
dent of the parlor. It was also an
nounced that candidates for admission
to the order need not join the parlor
CONTRACT TO BUILD A
RAILRCAD IN MEXICO
Rich Concessions Made to H. R.
Yerxa and J. M. Neeland of
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, June 15.— H. R.
Yerxa ami J. M. Neeland, to whom the
Mexican Government has Kranted im
portant concessions, will at once begin
the constructiim of a railroad from Cor
doba, in the State of Wra Cruz, to the
isthmus of Tehuantepoc, have reached
their homes in this city. When seen
Mr. Xeeland said:
"Instead of being a concession, it is
a contract that we have made. Alfred
Bishop Mason Of New York has the
concession and is the owner of the
road. The road is to tie about 350 miles
long. It will run through the richest
par! of Mexico from Cordoba, in the
State of Vera Cruz, through the State
of Oaxaca, down the isthmus of Te
huantepec to Balina Cruz-, on the Pa
ciflc Coast. The road, will run through
lands rich in coffee, bananas, cocoa
nuts, pineapple plantations, sugar cane
and rubber forests.
The locality which will he tapped by
th<- railroad is the home of the vanila
bean industry. It is also from this
vicinity that all chicle comes that is
used in the manufacture of gum. The
Mexican Government ha? promised to
furnish 1000 men, and we contemplate
sending to the island of Jamaica for a
cargo of negroes. According to the
contract we must begin work July 1,
and have the work completed in two
years. It will be of standard gauge and
will probably cost $15,000,000. We an
ticipate buying a large portion of our
foreign supplies in I-os Angeles. The
cash for the first 100 kilometers, about
$2,000,000, has already been deposited in
the City of Mexico. Of this amount
$500,000 is in gold. The Government will
pay us a subsidy of $14,000 in Govern
ment bonds for each kilometer con
structed and the road will revert to
the Government at the end of ninety
nine years."
The Storke Libel Case.
SAXTA BARBARA. June 15.— The pros
ecution in the Yda Addis Storke libel case
after two days' examination of F. M.
Gutierrez, whom they claimed It would
be proved was the author of the libelous
letters to Dr. Martha Case, failed to es
tablish anything. The hearing of the tes
timony will probably be concluded to
morrow.
nearest their place of residence. A par- t
lor may accept eligible tpembers from
any part of the State. The question
of the time of installation of officers of
subordinate parlors has been settled by
f.xin;; tlv time in itll parlors for the.
months of January and July.
There is a movemeni on foot looking
to the establishment of a scholarship
in the State University for those Na
tive Daughters who may desire to tak*>
a post graduate course. The question
has not been formally brought up y.et,
but probably will before the session
ends, as it has many warm advocates
and i; is believed the necessary fund
could be secured.
In answer to h question the parlor
has decided that the grand president is ,
entitled to district the State as she sees
fit and appoint deputies accordingly.
The delegates had a rest this evening,
it being the first one since the Bess-ion
licßan. To-morrow evening Stockton
Parlor No. 7. Native Sons, will render .
the visitors a irnll and reception. The
affair will take place at Agricultural
Pavilion, which is being elaborately
decorated for the occasion.
The nominations of officers In the
Grand Parlor of the Native Daughters ;
was completed to-night and the election i
will be on before thie parlor to-morrow
morning in good earnest. The nomina
tions are as follows:
For grand president, Mrs. Cora B. Sif
ford of Ventura.
For vice president , Mrs. Emma Gett nf
Sacramento and Mrs. Genevieve Baker of
San Fran<3sco.
F<>r grand secretary, Mrs. Georgie C.
Ryan of Sun Francisco.
For grand treasurer, Miss Eliza D.
Keith of San Francisco and Mips Lizzie
Douglass of San Francisco.
For grand marshal. Laura J. Frakes of
Suiter Creek and Sophia Wllhelms of
( inc-s Valley.
For grand inside sentinel, Sophie Schro
der of Alameda and [rene McCloud-Foa
ter Of San Jose.
For grand outside sentinel, Mrs. Mary
Powell uf Merced, Mrs. Sadie Rios of
Los Angeles and Mrs. E. L. Swaney of
Oakland
For grand trustees (five to elect), Miss '
Hannah- Gray of Stockton. Miss Alice
Welsh of LodJ, Mrs. Frances Barton of
San Francisco, Harriet S. Lee of Wood- ;
land, Mary Langford of Eureka. Miss
Dora Zmudowakl of Watsonviile, Miss
Lena B. Mills of San Francisco and Miss
Stella Finkeldey of Santa Cruz.
There has been much political work
going on all day and some of the i
friends of the candidates will line up j
pretty evenly when it comes to the I
voting to-morrow morning.
BUNKER HILL DAY
TO BE DULY OBSERVED
Tatriotic People of Pacific Grove Are
Arranging an Elaborate
Celebration.
PACfFIC GROVE, Juno If..— This town
is preparing for "!i ( > of the moat notable
patriotic demonstrations ever held In
Monterey County. It is to be a Bunker !
Mill day celebration and will consist of
a parade, athletic games, open air con
cert arid patriotic exercises both morning
and eveninig. A committee of arrange
ments, composed of 11. J. McCoy, Rev.
A. C. Bane, N. H. Jacks, Professor K. L.
Bandwick, 11. E. Kent. 11. C. Garber, J.
S. Gosbey, J. A. Pell, E. B. Rich, B. A.
Eardley. Rev. Dr. Thomas Filben. C. K.
Tuttle. Dr. H. L. Diets, L. M. Meyers and
('. .1. Mmes. has charge <>f the affair, and
all preparations are aboul completed. The
town will be elaborately decorated and
thi' business houses will close for a part
of the day.
The parade, under the direction of Pro
fessor R L. Sandwick anil H. E. Kent,
will occur at 10:30 a. m. It will consist
of civic and military organizations of this
and adjacent towns, children of the pub
lic schools, historic and allegorical floats,
a bicycle corps, bands and Stanford stu
dents. In the evening a patriotic ad
dress will be delivered by Hon. William
H. Jordan of San Francisco.
Excursions from Salinas. Watsonville,
Castroville and other neighboring towns
will be run to Pacific Grove for the day
and a large crowd of people is expected.
BUSY IN THEIR ORCHARDS.
So the Fruit Men Could Not Attend
the Lodi Meeting.
T.OPT, June 15.— The fruit growers'
meeting, scheduled for yesterday after
noon, did not come off, hence the local
growers' union was not organized. The
president and secretary prepared for busi
ness, but there was not a sufficient num
ber of fruit men present to constitute a
quorum and the meeting was declared off.
Why such a lack of interest was shown
after the enthusiasm of last week when
the State organizers were in town is a
mystery which the local officers are un
able to explain. Probably the absence of
growers was accounted for because of
the fact that just now they are in the
midst of a very busy season and can find
little or no time for anything outside of
their orchards. At the meeting yesterday
delegates were to be elected to the State j
Fruit Growers' Association whic.h meets
in Sacramento on Saturday. However, .
nothing could be done in that line, and if
the local fruit men are represented there i
it must be individually. It looks doubt- ,
ful now regarding the fq_rmatlon of a
local growers' union. No date has been \
set for another meeting- [
THIRTY THOUSAND
MAY BECOME IDLE
Many Miners Out of
Work in Colorado.
PROPERTIES SHUTTING DOWN
STRIKE TO ENFORCE THE EIGHT
HOUK LAW.
Through the Closing of Mines and
Smelters Five Thousand Rail
road Men May Also
Lose Work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DENVER, June 15.— Thirty thousand j
men in Colorado will be out of work
within the next three days unless steps .
are taken to end the strike of the smel
ter employes. The Omaha and Grant
and the Globe in Denver, the Bimetal- j
lie and the Arkansas Valley at Lead- i
ville, the Eilers and the Colorado smelt- {
ers at Pueblo are closed. The Argo !
smelter in Denver has complied with
the eight-hour law and is still running, j
The Guggenheim smelter at Pueblo also
is running. The closed works are un
der guard, but nowhere have the men
made any demonstration.
At Central City the men employed in
the stamp mills are soon expected to
strike. These mines have already
closed: The Commodore, Amethyst.
Bachelor, Bachelor No. 2 and Last
Chance mines, in the Creede district;
the Calliope and Hagerty at Ouray; the
Caribbean and Montezuma, near Opnir;
the Iron Mask and Black Iron at lieu
Cliff; the Smuggler at Aspen. Tin-
Porter Fuel Company at Durango has
closed, throwing lr>o m>>n out of work.
From all parts of the State conic re
ports that mines are reducing forces.
At Lead ville HOO men have been dis
charged, and in view of the orders Lo
ship no more ore t" the closed smeltrrs,
little except development work i= g ■. ■-
ing on. The loss in wages to the men
at Durango by the twelve Gays' close
of the smelter is $50,000.
Should the mines close all over the
State 5000 railroad men will be thrown
out of employment.
Four mines of the Colorado Fuel and
Iron Company, three near Canyon City
and one in Pitkin County, have been
shut down on account of wage differ
ences.
"1 he real crux of the situation seems
to be with the trust and its employes,"
said Governor Thomas to-day. "The
mines will have n<> trouble if they can
dispose of their products; they must
suspend because their market is af
fected. The men in charge of the trust
plants in Colorado have always been
public-spirited and progressive, and if
they refuse to participate in the effort
to remove the pending embargo upon
our prosperity it will ho because they
have in i discretion in the premises. The
men they have heretofore employed will
not decline to occupy middle ground
with their t-mployei's. for they are doing
so at Argo and in Pueblo. The public
have a tremendous interest in the con
troversy, and they should insist upon
a speedy and peaci ful compromise."
Governor Thomas said that there ran
be no good reason why the eipht-hour
law should not be tested without delay,
and he added that the people will ac
quiesce in the decision of t^e murtc
HAVEMEYER'S SLAP AT
LABOR ORGANIZATIONS
His Remarks Expunged From the
Record, but the Words Are
Not Forgotten.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— Mr. Have
meyer's attack on labor organizations
will be expunged from the records of
the Industrial Commission at his own
request. That part which was calcu
lated to give the greatest offense to
labor was the paragraph in which hr
expressed the conviction that associa
tions of workingmen tended to degrade
labor by destroying Individual Inde
pendence. He realized he had been Im
prudent by giving utterance to th>
theory and candidly said he wished he
had not gone into the subject. Although
that section of Havemeyer's testimony
will not be in the official record it will
not be lost, for a dozen stenc-graphers
were there to send it broadcast.
Mr. Havemeyer is apparently in favor
of organization in everything except la
bor. He thinks workingmen's organiza
tions arc bad because they destroy in
dividuality, yet in another part of his
testimony he blurted out the expres
sion "the day of the individual is
passed," meaning that affairs of the
world are to be hereafter controlled ny
combinations.
This phrase of Mr. Havemeyer will
be remembered as long as the remark
of the late William H. Vanderbilt, "The
public be d d!" It will form the text
for thousands of editorials and cam
paign speeches.
CURE and STRENGTHEN MEN.
THESE ABLE SPECIALISTS do not resort to stimulating remedies or
appliances which do more harm than good. They begin at the very root of
the disease or weakness, remove the cause and build up the entire physical
system by a thorough and proper constitutional treatment. The methods of
Dr. Meyers & Co. have been successful for more than 18 years. They cure
Premature De;ay, XfjMMgSmM Bladder Dlsra£9 '
Unnatural Losses, Jl|§§lfljSy x/fr/fiSSs^ Spin 6 DiBoa3 ' 1
Nervous Debility, J^^ . STAR OF Hfi/)£ "' 3l Heart Disease,
Strioture, Rupture, "^^gV '"■ ' , j/=^l B1 °° d DiseaS3 '
Tumors, Varioooele, j^agggj IV IiIFVPDQ n Disease,
Private Diseases, rs|2j»s# 'c Co ll^SiiiP" Stomach Disease,
Eczema, Cancer, '^**5? I#rtv illliPil ™ DiseaS9 '
Sleeplessness, ~3^%ji3 illt^W mBS^ Ear Disease -
Rheumatism, l^PMliMil^^^ Lung Disease,
NO PAT TILL CURED. Any one having the least doubt about being
cured may deposit the money in any bank in San Francisco, to be paid only
when they are satisfied that they are well. Payments may be made in week-
ly or monthly installments if preferred.
HOME CURES— If you cannot call write for private book, diagnosis
sheet, tree advice, prices and other particulars. Home cures a specialty.
Thousands of men cured every year who have never seen the doctors. Con-
sultation free.
Correspondence Confidential. No Printing on Envelopes or Packages.
DR. ME YERS & CO.
70/ Market Street, elevator h.uj-jwsd^.
£ '^J M San Francisco. ENTRANCE. Evenings— 7 to 8.
LOS ANGELES'
GHOULISH WAR
Strife of Coroner and
Undertakers.
RENEWED AFTER A MURDER
STRUGGLE FOB, THE BODY OF
THE SLAIN CHILD WIFE.
Complaints Against E. H. Bresee and
E. M. Shafer for Obstructing
an Officer in Discharge
of His Duty.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. June 15.-Th», strife be
tween Coroner Holland and Bresee Bros.,
undertakers, regarding the disposition of
bodies in Coroner cases came this after
noon to an acute stage when Dr. Hollan-.l
swore out complaints charging E. H.
Bresee and E. M. Shafer with obstructing
an officer in the discharge of his duty
under the provisions of section 44s of the
Penal Code.
The present contention involves the body
of Georgie Elliott Hanchette, the girl
wife, who ;rt an early hour yesterday was
murdered at the Columbia lodging house
by her husband, Karl Hanchi tte.
Shortly afier the girl-wife died of her
wounds Bresee appeared on the scene
armed with the authority of an order from
E. H. Griffith, a relative of the dead girl,
and removed the body In his d< ad-wagon.
When the Coronei went to make his of
ficial investigation the body was gone. He
was referred to the Bresefl undertaking
parlors.
Then it was that the anger of Dr. Hol
land rose In its might, and in his wrath
be refused to ho let the inquest at the
Bresee place. He later went to Bresee'a
with his jury and viewed the remains,
after which he adjourned to the under
taking rooms of C. 1). Howry, who. since
Dr. Holland's regime, dating January i,
has apparently enjoyed the greater share
of Holland's patronage.
After the intjuest was completed. Cor
oner Holland laid the matter before the
District Attorney. This disgusting exhi
bition in a .struggle with ghoulish fiend
ishness to gain 'control of inanimate clay
for commeneial results has arisen owing
to the lack of a public morgue, while
the war has been on since early in Janu
ary. It is an open secret— so open as to
be no secret at all — that politics is under
the whole affair. The county corpse busi
ness is a profitable one for the undertak
ers, and during the last campaign Dr.
Holland received the support of C. I).
Howry and R. a. Garrett, undertakers,
on the understanding that once In office
his patronage was to be turned their way.
Dr. Holland tried to live up to the pledge
in good faith, but Bresee and opposing
undertakers frequently prevented. Time
and again, with the authority of friends
and relatives of the deceased, bodies that
\ver<- the object of official investigation
were removed to other establishments.
notwithstanding the furious objections
that always came from Dr. Holland, who
contends that bodies of persons who die
bj violence or under suspicious circum
stances ar<j not t" be interfered with
after discovery withou-: his authority.
The inquest over the remains was held
and a verdict that death resulted from
a gunshot wound Inflicted by Karl Han
chette with murderous intent was re
turned. Hanchette Is still alive, though
ho shot himself through the abdomen,
and may recover.
CONTEST OVER AN
EXCHANGE OF LANDS
Mountain . CniUlPr Cnmpany'o Solon-
tion in Accordance With an
Act of Congress.
REDDING, June 15.— The Mountain
Copper Company has made application to
aelect about 4300 acres of land in the
neighborhood of its mines and plant,
using as a basis for the selection certain
railroad lands purchased from the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad Company and lo
cateu in .he Sierra forest reserve and
within the. Visalia land district. Under the
act of Congress of June 4. 1897, lands
within a forest reservation which are
owned by private parties may be surren
dered to the Government by deed and
other lands selected in lieu thereof.
These tracts, owned by the Central Pa
dflo Railroad Company and purchased by
the Mountain Copper Company, are sur
rendered and the Ueu selections thus
made, as provided for in the act of Con
gress mentioned. While, the Mountain
Copper Company disclaims any intention
Of contesting valid mineral claims on
lieu lands applied for or of interfering
with the right of miners, the applica
tion of the big mining company will be
contested in the [oca] land office, as the
lands in question are for thr most part
covered by mineral affidavits. The raii
road company at various times has en
deavored fi> secure governmental mineral
land in this county, but has been defeat
ed in every case where the miners have
contested the application.
To Lease the Burbank.
LOS ANGELES. June 15.— Oliver Mo
rnsco, a theatrical manager of San Fran
cisco, is in the city and making an at
tempt to secure the lease of the Burbank
Theater here. The Burhank has been
closed far some weeks and some of the
Bcenery and furniture has been sold un
der attachment proceedings. The Or
pheum management has also been trying
to secure the lease of the house.
34
RICHARD PARKS BLAND
OF MISSOURI IS DEAD
GOES TO REST
FULL OF IIORS
Family Surrounds His
Deathbed.
HAS BEEN ILL FOR WEEKS
FRIENDS FEARED THE END WAS
NEAR.
Something of the Public Career of
One of the Most Eminent
cf Democratic
leaders.
"he Call.
LVNOX. Mo., June 15.— Rich-
Parks Bland, Congressman
; Ighth Missouri Dls
fully away at
morning:. On
<day night about 10 o'clock he fell
• >-n which he never awak
s used every means
.■■ him, but he
::. the
slight ■ 1 "'< 1 ick this
ild ' that he was
sinking rapidly, and at ' ■ eased
athe. Toward th-- end the action
• ptibly and
s w ere i x I that he was
Li H was :■. f uitless hope.
His sons, Theodore, Ewii f George and
. his daughters, Fannie and Vir
. and Mrs. Bland were at his bed
side when the end came. His brother.
■ : C. ] 3t. touis, Mrs.
S. T. Thomas, his brother-in-law, Gen
and C. Y. Mitchell
[ hii ■ • iry, Orin B< 11.
• Ith him.
II be held on Saturday
■ • o'clock at the i ipera
body will be buried In
The funeral
ill be in i • . the !—
--: • ■ i :
and will i lucted by
Private Seci etary Bell
I ' erk of the Hous
Mr. Bland's death, requiring him t<>
Int a committee of members to at
il. Prominent friend
Mr. Bland throughout the country have
■
ments.
i was a member of no church
•' all deno
will pan ■ in the services. U is
planned t< ha I William J.
Bryan delivi r tl ■ The
■ - ••■ ai the opera house
-■ hours. Already the
• c draping thi Ir houses in
Mr ' an immedii
from Washington early
in Ma i I ■ ttack of
cri;>. with a relapse. Chronic
RIOTS AT THE
RAILWAY STRIKE
Non-Union Crews Are
Badly Beaten.
.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Jane 15.— While
the 3lxth ■■ ■ the Btreet railway
strike st.i'-t. ii peacefully enough,
th.-re was serious rioting before night
fall and three non-union men were
taken t" the hospitals in coi - . i
The- trouble began Bhortly after no m
the Lakeview car barns .in Euclid
avenue. A crowd attacked a car on
w hich s< v men were rid
nductor, Janus Murphy.
who came from St. Louis, tvaa haulted
from th< Murphy drew a
revolver and fired int.. the air and
then took to his heels. The mob then
assaulted the other non-union
men .>u the car, Injuring them quite
severely, lut the rioters had dlsap
■ arrived.
• car, in which
were several women passengers, was
atta< ked. B stones were
hurled through the windows, but the
women escaped injury. The conductor,
Anthony Wuerst, froi M Iwaukee, whs
struck in the face by a brick, and a
stone which hit him on the head ren
dered him unconscious.
Motorman Fox, also of Milwaukee,
was hit i>y a shower of brli ks and
stoi ps, and w .. t that he
h.'ni to be carried with Wuersi to the
car barns. i:>'th men were subsequent
ly sent to a hospital, in this case, as In
the i.tlier, the mob had disappeared
w hen the police arrived.
A little later a third car was stopped
by a crowd of men which had been con
ed in bushes at the side of the
or twenty men boarded
ar and a desperate fi;^ht ensued be
n them and K. W. Newman and
C. W. King, the conductor and motor
man, both from Buffalo. Both men
chased from the car and were
n with clubs and kicked in a
brutal manner. Newman w;;s so badly
injured that it was necessary to send
him to a hospital. This mob disap
p- ared before the police arrived.
DEATH OF A BRAVE VETERAN.
Close of the Career of Commander
John H. Stevenson.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Commander and
Paj inspector John Fi. Stevenson hi the
Brooklyn navy-yard la dead fr< i i apo
r his home'in Brooklyn. He was
t ag« and is survived by his
widow and two children.
Commander Stevenson had his first bat
tle at Fredrlcksburg with Hooker's divi
sion and was in all the battles and skir
mishes «>! the Potomac flotilla from <><■-
. ISH2. to April. 186& For bravery In
carrying dispatches through the enemy's
country from Captain woolsey to Ad
miral Farragut, he was nominated by the
President April 22. IS7U. for advancenn-nt
fifteen numbers in his grade. He was
c. m missioned as paymaster in 1869. In
1592 hu retired with tht- rank of mj - n
niandir. At one time he held the posi
■if superintendent of the Panama
Railway.
Defense of the Mullan Mirror.
WALLACE, Idaho. June 15.— The de
fense in the case of the Mullan Mirror,
which was suppressed by the authorities
for alleged seditious utterances, gave no
tice to-day of a motion to quash the
complaint. The case will come up to
morrow.
RICHARD PARKS BLAND.
catarrh "f the stomach complicated
the <iis. :is,>. Brain trouble came next.
and he died of cerebral congestion. For
several days before his death he was
partially paralyzed. His powei
■ } he was una b
communicate with any "i-.r.
Pai ' id was 1 orn in I
-; 19.
!1>- w:is a i
family famous In Virginia In old Co!
v. horn emigrati d to Ken-
I ucky just after Ih< Revolt I
His parents dyi ng when h
> oung, he began the battle wii :
early age. and may be said to
a "self-ma
By workii tier months
he • arned i is to defray his • x
ring 1 " and
hf-inK of studii v very
thorough grounding in such 1 ■
were iiiuch! In thi schools withii
■
was sufficiently w< 11 equipped
■
with much ■ ■ ■ ns, all
Wh- ■ egan the si urdy "f law,
and being adm tl the i>;ir ♦ ii
study of his rh'>:-'-n profession,
ich !i'- was d( stined to obtain cmi-
In 1855 I : \' : .. ■
• ■
When he remained but ;i shori time, and
Virgil City, Xcw. ■
ticinK his profession and giving some at
FOUGHT MUST
THE SUGAR TRUST
Arbuckles' Representa
tive Is Heard.
ii Dißp&tch to Thr Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WILMING
TON HOTEL, WASHINGTON. June 15.—
The Industrial Commission held only an
afternoon sesaion and heard but one wit
ness to-day, J. N. Jarvie, of the firm of
Arbuekli & Bro., manager of the firm's
. refining business. Mr. Jarvle's tes
timony was brief. He was easy anri cour
teous In his attitude toward his inquis
itors, refusing i-> answer only one ques
tion, viz.: How much it cost his company
tv refine sugar. 11»- said he <1• • 1 r i • • t wish
. . c Information of that sort to his
esa i ■ r r 1 1 1 «• - 1 itorn.
Mr. Jarvie pui tary margin be
tween raw and refined sugar at between
60 points to allow a profit on the
business. He said that when tits linn
started business In IS9B this margin was
"i. it had dropped as low as 82 and
\\;;.- now about 50. lii^- Run, h<- said, had
never cv) the price ■■! sugar except to
meet the rates of the American Sugar
HHininp Company, commonly known as
• • ugar trust When asked it the Ar
buckles would continue to meet their ri
vals' figures he replied decisively that
his firm was In the refining business to
sta>. Beyond thai ht- <li<l not wish t>.
say.
He explained the entrance of the Ar
bui kles Into the sugar field by Baying that
in 1893 tlu y secured a machine for w.-^h
inp and packing su^;.r and undertook to
:,'k::^>- sugar to the wholesale trade.
They bought from the American Refining
Company, but found they could make ri • >
profit In that way, and so started their
own retlnery. He said the tariff differen
tlal of one-eighth of a cent a pound on .
r. lined sugar did not figure In the busi
|usi now. ! >omesti< <■■ unpetltion
w:i^ ho sharp as to keep out all foreign :
r. Asked If the removal "f the one-!
eighth "t' a cent would affect th» busi
■■w. he ; ; .ii(! )u- did not know enough \
about the foreign trail.- to Bay.
Mr. Jarvie said, there had been siany
overtures from th>- BUgar trust to s<
the difflcultiea with the Arbuckles, but
they had ail ii*-.'!i made "for stock-job
bing purposes," and consequently there
had been nothing in them.
Witness, In speaking of the coffee busi
-1..-SS, in which the American Sugar Re
had Invaded the Arbuckles field,
said thai while, there had been a decline
In prices, it would not be fair, to lay it
an to competition, as thpv had been a
groat increase in coffee production all
over the world, lest years crop i
from 11.000,000 to 15,000,000 I
Asked if ho could suggest any plan
that would lessen the present destructive I
competition in the sugar business, wit- i
ness said that the light could only stop
when the one big concern decided to !><■
content with less than 100 i>er cent of all
the business in the country.
When asked how long »h"» rival com
pany could keep on selling sugar at a
loss, Mr. Jarvie replied cheerfully that !
he thought a concern supplying :»0 per
cent of the BUgar sold in this country
would lose more under those conditions !
than the firm supplying the other 10 per !
cent, and that he had the 10 per cent
end of the bargain Just now.
Forming a Clothing Trust.
BALTIMORE, June 15.— Options have
been secured on 150 large clothing manu
facturing establishments throughout the
country by Samuel Rosenthal Jr. of this
city, who for the past four months has
been actively engaged in forming a gigan
tic contract with a clothing combine to be
incorporated under the laws of New Jer
sey and to be known as the American
Clothing- Manufacturing Company. The
company will, it is understood, have a
capital stock of ?100,000,000, divided into
snares of $100,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY. JUNE 16, 1899.
tention to mining operations, in which ho
■ r,me int.! ■
of f'nrsnn
N.v.. which office he held until
Imission of the State into the Union.
He rei I Missouri In 1865, and, Bel -
: . la, practii ed law in partner
■■ ; h his broi her, C. C. Bland, until
I t< I ( ebanon, when h ■
has si: ■
Mr. in his long service in
l>y the
1 >emocrats.
• was made chairman of tlie
Committee on Mines and Mining, for
which position he was well qualified and
in wh ■ • ntlered many ser\ ices to
Industry of the l-"ar West.
Silvri coinage having been discontinued
in 1873. he introduced ii IS7B t i i • * famous
nd bill," which provi led that the
Secretary of tli' Treasury should pur
bullion to coin ,•> minimum
• a h month of 412%
h. and th.it these dollars be
ler. This bill earned him th
,:,■: of "Sil ver > >ick." !te has Binci
ntifled with and a cham
pion of < ■ ' ■ ■ c of legislation looking
mcemeni of sll
im.
His name was one of the most i>romi
■ : those mentioned for the Demo
ir President i:i 1896,
i went before the Chic'aß ihven
■ i..,, ih. ..]■,! v ... | v  gtate
ana many bthei States n< his disposal,
but. upon the nomination of \v. .1. Bryan,
rew hie- whole soul Into the flght to
■
HAD THREATENED
TO KILL KILROY
1
Moore's Murder of Po
liceman Premeditated.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA, June 15.— This was a bad
day for the self-defense plea of Police
man FCllroy's slayer. After County Coro
ner Daniels had Identified the riddled and
blood-stained clothing that the officer had
on when killed, Gustave .Schmidt, a to
bacconist, was Called. Schmidt testified
that Moore came Into his store a fort
night before thr- tragedy and said If Kii
roy did not o,uit following and threaten
ing to arrest him be would kill him.
Lyman B. Weeks, a miner, and J. .j.
Hani.;., who tends bar at the Grotto mi -
lv.in. had the same remark trade t.> them
bj the prisoner. Robert Walker, a clerk
in the Union Hotel, heard Moore make
the same threat to Kilroy himself one
.. vi ning.
Fred Eilerman, a saloon keeper, said
that ai>out a quarter of an hour before
the killing he heard Kilroy tell Moore
he lied when he denied leaving the sa
loon blinds open so the officer could in
pursuit of his duties watch the Interior
oi the saloon, and Moore- replied, "I will
shoot you. Kilroy; you have followed mo
l.mtf enough." Kilroy was carrying a
.-tine ,v the time, but apparently paid no
attention when the threat to shoot was
made.
Barber Bob Gates, the only witness of
the whoi-e affray, testified that the two
men went down Broad street to Pine,
upon leaving Eilerman'S, talking and ar
guing. At the confer both sin. we, i exclte
m< nt. Moore repeated the statement that
Kilroy date not arrest him, and that he
would be killed If he tried it. Kilroy re
plied that -he could, but did not want to
arrest him, and that Moon could not
kill him. After a while Kilroy put his
hands on the obstreperous man's shoul
ders from in front and leaned forward
as if t" Bhoul in his car. Moore being
hard of hearing. Then Moore dr< w his
gun and shot Kilroy twice in the stO-
I. The wounded man fell against the
assassin and the force of the blow
knocked the latter on his back. Moore
sprang up and pressing his pistol against
the face of the wounded man, who was
still on his knees anil calling "Oh, Bob,
come here'," fired again, then turned and
Bed from the corpse. Once Gates heard
i ne .f the men say. "Keep away, I don't
want any trouble," but he could not tell
which Bald it.
Printers Morgan and Bnardman of the
Herald force were upstairs in the office,
ami heard and -aw part of the encounter
from tin- window.
John S. Gregory, E. W. Schmidt and
others saw the body just after the shoot-
Ing. The officer's club and pistol were
where he usually carried them and there
was in. cane around. Sheriff Getchell told
of his long and exciting chase after
Moore, lasting nearly a month.
To-morrow Sheriff R. K. V>ale of Con
tra Costa County will tell how, single
handed, he caujfht the lugitive at uni
Kay Point station.
TUTTLE FINDS HIS SON.
There Has Been a Most Happy He
union at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ. June 15.— Recently L. p.
Tuttle claimed to be a cousin of Oscar l!
Tut tie, a baseball magnate, and now it
turns out that the former Is the Litter's
own father. L. P. Tuttle arrived to-day
from San Francisco, and his meeting- with
the son was a happy one. It is said the
reason -he introduced himself as a cousin
was because he feared disappointment
and wanted time for further investigation
which convinced him at last he had
found his son. The father its in the em
ploy of Main & Winchester, San Fran
cisco. He had been a visitor at Santa
Cruz for ten years without any idea that
O. L. Tuttle was his son.
ICE BREAKS UP
ON THE YUKON
Steamer New York Al
most Destroyed.
NEWS COMES FROM DAWSON
MANY ACCIDENTS TO MINERS
ARE REPORTED.
Some New Finds in the Rica Klon
dike Cause Great Activity and
Revival of Excite
ment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 15.— The! first
news from the interior of Alaska to be re
ceived since travel over the trail closed
about six weeks ago reached here to-day.
It covers the -period between the big fire
at Dawson, April 26, and the opening of
navigation, May 25. A revised estimate
of the losses incurred in the fire places
the total amount at half a million, about
half the amount of previous estimates.
The Yukon broke away from its icy
fetters in front of Dawson, May 7, or
nine days later than last year. The
steamer New York was carried ashore by
the ice and nearly destroyed. The Wheel
of the Willie Irving was crushed. The
ice jammed at the foot of Third street,
and blocks of ice were piled up mountain
high. For a time Dawson was threatened
with a Hood. After a short time the ice
broke with a crash and every one knew
that the river was open for good. The
breaking of the ice marked the graduation
of the Cheecharkos or tenderfeet Into
the ranks of the sour doughs or old tim
ers. The event was celebrated with the
firing of guns and a general rejoicing.
The Flora was the first steamer to ar
rive from the outside. She was followed
in a few hours by the Bonanza King. Re
ports had been received from all the
creeks and everything was satisfactory.
There was no evidence of a shortage of
water, which caused so much trouble last
year.
On Bonanza and El Dorado hundreds of
men were at work sluicing out gold. The
benches are showing up well. Some enor
mous dumps of gravel were made during
the winter. These are now being washed
out and are panning much better than
was expected.
Dominion and other creeks on Indian
River are also being cleaned up with more
than satisfactory results. A great deal
of summer work will be done this year
on El Dorado if the How of water will
permit.
Work is going on night and day on
many of the big claims. The Berrvs are
working three shifts. They will be among
the first of the big owners to complete
the clean-up. There have been a num
ber of sales during the past two months
and prices have held up wonderfully well.
A large number of big and peculiar nug
gets have been found; one valued at $142
was recently taken from 32 below Upper
Dominion.
The first week in May saw the com
mencement of the collection of the crown
royalty of 10 per cent. Every effort is
being made to compel the miners to pay
up the full percentage.
The list of mining accidents is unus
ually long. Frank Julbertl was crushed
to death on May 22 by a cave-in on claim
17. below Bonanza on Maget Gulch. His
partner, Cesarra Pusatti, was badly in
jured. L. Avrie of St. Louis. Mo., was
suffocated by gas in his shaft on claim
77. Gold Run. A German named Helhl of
San Francisco was suffocated in his shaft
near the Cliff House on Gold Run. An
drew Nelson had a narrow escape from
death in a shaft on "A below on Upper
Dominion. Ho was taken out uncon
scious.
A miner In a Gold Hill shrift bocam«
almost suffocated rrom gas; He signaled
bio partner to pull him to the surface.
He just reached the top when he swooned
and fell back into the hole head lirst.
It was forty feet to the bottom and death
would have been sure had not a spike
caught In his trousers and held him. be
only falling a few feet.
There ha.ye been a number of narrow
escapes from drowning in the Yukon by
luckless parties attempting to cross on
thin Ice.
Gilbert Anderson <>f T.,a Crosse, Wis.,
has reached the city after a most excit
ing 'riji from the Copper River country
through the dead of winter. He brings
news of the safety of a large party of
miners who started over the divide into
the Tanana country and were believed I >
I ;ivi been lost. Anderson says thai om
.'!■ two of the party were frozen In the
mountains, but that the majority are
building boats on Forty-mile Rivi r I i
continue their journey. He does not giw*
the names of those who perished.
The climax In Dawson's water front
controversy occurred mi May 16. The ten
ants who would not obey Government
warnings to sign leases or vacate were
summarily ejected by a land of police
under Sheriff Harper.
E. C. Alien, one of the proprietors of
the Klondike Nugget, -is being tri.-.i on
the charge of criminally libeiiner United
States < Consul Mr-t ook.
Joe Juneau, one of the pioneers of the
Yukon, after whom the town of Juneau
was named, died at Dawaon Mny is of
pneumonia. He made and lost several
fortunes In Alaska.
Arnold Bresmef of Seattle w;is killed
May 17 by a fellow workman In the Daw
son brewery. William Doggett. They
quarreled and Doggett hit Bresmer oh
the head with a beer bottle, infliotine
fatal injuries.
A deposit of limestone has been found
near Sixty-mile, and Dawßon people are
rejoicing over the possibility of having
plenty of disinfectant. After an exciting
trial before Gold Commissioner Ogllvie
Messrs. Wad.. McGregor and Norwood
were acquitted of the charge of accepting
bribes and the Illegal use of official infor
mation.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Condition of Presidential Postoffices
in California.
WASHINGTON. June 15.— The Postoffice
Department issued a statement to-day
j showing; the condition of Presidential
Postofflces in California for six years. Of
: 117 offices in California, thirty-nine show
an Increase in receipts and fifteen de
crease. Hanford and Red Hliiff have b< • n
advanced from third to second class of
fices. S;m Jacinto and Banger have be< n
relegated from third to fourth class of
fices.
A Postoffice -was to-day established at
Pierce, Riverside County, and Ross B.
Drake appointed Postmaster; also at Sun
rise. Alaska, and Henry A. Smith ap
pointed Postmaster.
Tho Department of the Interior h;is
written the War Department requesting
that Captain Benson, who is a member
I of the commission appointed to examine
the roads of Yosemite National Park, ho
I designated as disbursing officer for the
commission in the field, SO us to enable
the commission to commence work at
onoo and to prevent a delay in sending to
the treasury fur funds.
Pensions: California— Oripinal — John Ry
an. Veterans' .nime, Napa. $S; John Y.
; Byers, Descanso, $ r >; John T. Reaser,
Napa, $12. Increase— Elisha F. Gordon,
Callstoga, Jfi to $s; Henry Ruchoiz. San
Francisco, $6 to $s\ Original widows, etc.
— Helen Reid. Madrone, $*: Mary TO. Gal
! loup, San Francisco, $S; Nancy Lighbndy,
San Jose. $s.
Washington: Original— John "Wilker,
■ Cheney, $fi; Supplemental- -Herbert E.
F.irnsworth. Pome-rov. $fi. Oripinal wid
"ws, etc. — Mary A. McCain, Burlington,
JB.
Oregon: Increase — Henry E. Slocum
, Ashland, $8 to $12.
COLORADO'S GOLD EXHIBIT
AT PARIS EXHIBITION
It Is Decided to Send a Solid Gold
Nugget Miniature of Pike's
Peak Worth a Million.
COLORADO SPRINGS. Col.; June 15.
— The Commissioners in charge of the Col
orado sold exhibit at the Paris exhibition
' have decided on a solid gold nugget mm■
■ iature of Pike's Peak, of $1,000,000. value.
iAs a ton of gold is worth $602,928 50,
: the nugget will weigh one and two-thirds
tons. It will reach New York under
j guard in a special car; then the Govern-
I ment will, convey It to Paris. .'The expo-
I sition commissioners have guaranteeed Its
safe return.
BEDOUINS CAPTURE
THE HOLY CARPET
AttacK a Coovoy of Egyptians
and Kjll Seven Meo in
the F j 9bt-
LONDON, June 16.— The Cairo correspondent of the Daily Mail says:
A party of Bedouin Arabs recently attacked a convoy of Egyptians
with the holy carpet of Mahomet, between Mecca and Medina. A fierce
conflict ensued. Four soldiers and three civilians of the convoy were
killed and the rest fled. The Bedouins hold the carpet for ransom.
THE WHEAT CROP
OF THE WORLD
Report on Condition of
Foreign Fields.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— The Agricul
tural Department to-day issued a circular
giving the substance of reports received
by it'' up to June 10 on the condition of
foreign crops. It says that a British com
mercial estimate tentatively puts, the
world's wheat crop of 1899 at 2,504.000.000
bushels, against 2,748,000,000 bushels in 1893,
a reduction of 244,000,000 bushels, or nearly
8.9 per cent. Another estimate makes a
reduction of 352,000,000 bushels.
Reports from the country around Odessa
and Nikolaeiff, Russia, represent the grain
crops, both wheat and rye. as almost de
stroyed by drought. Taking into account
the injuries hereafter reported In three
or four other provinces within the winter
wheat region, it is evident that the crop
of bread grain for the empire as a whole
cannot be agreed upon. It has even been
suggested that the crop may not exceed
that of 1897.
Information from Germany is scant, but
there has been complaint of deficient sun-
Shine and warmth, and the harvest was
thought lucky to be a week or two later
than usual. Later advices Indicate better
weather in various parts of Germany.
According to the official report^ on the
Austrian crop, the middle of May. wheat
and barley promised about a? average
yield, but rye and oats were below that
St fn d a r report of the Hungarian Minister
of Agriculture, issued May .20. ;; -'^,V
wheat was estimated at abou • ><]■■
with Bill
•ScSSK'Sm. Italy M« '-vojg. £.1
provement in the prospects.. of, the cereal
ttlEf wheat crop that of
France is the largest and most important
in Europe and the outlook for a good
yield is decidedly better than in the for
mer country. According to the official
Sop. report for May 10 the area under
wh«-nt i« nbout the same as last >ea
or very little less, while the condition is
about & per cent lower, On this basis the
crop would be, in round numbers, about
20.000,000 bushels less than that of last
y 'other Continental countries and also
In Great Britain there has been consider
able complaint of cold, unseasonable
weather, but except in Denmark and Swe
den there is no mention of any serious m
jury to important cereal crops.
No official report has yet been made as
to the Indian wheat crop, recently har
vested but it is known to be considerabl>
smaller than that of IJJ9S Reports as to
the agricultural outlook in Australia are
i'prv favorable.
ANNUAL ENCAMPMENT
VETERANS' ASSOCIATION
Old Soldiers of Sonoma and Napa and
Families Gather at Peta
luma.
PETAIAJMA, June 15.— The second an
nual encampment of the Sonoma and
Napa Veterans' Association opened this
evening. There was a gathering of vet
erans and their families at Camp Dill,
Agricultural Park, and an impromptu
welcome by Antietam Post, G. A. R., and
Antietam W. R. C.
The sessions of the business meetings
of the association will be held at the pa
vilion at the park, which will be prettily
decorated for the occasion and illumin
ated with electric lights. The citizens are
paring to decorate their residences
and places of business, and Petaluma will
present a gala appearance in honor of
her hundreds of honored guests. The
Ladies' Veteran Aid Association will also
be in session during the week, and the
ladies will be the special guests of the
Relief Corps during their stay here.
The committee has announced the offi
cial programme for the week. It will,
however, be enlarged upon, and only the
features which have been positively as
sured will be published. General Shatter
will be there without fail, and Friday of
this week will therefore bo the big day.
The official programme is as follows:
Friday evening. June 16. at opera house—
Grand reception tendered the visitors. The fol
lowing programme will be rendered: Overture,
Company C band; piano solo, Miss Estella
Newburgh; address of welcome, A. H. Winans;
patriotic selections, Mrs. Princess Long of
Healdsburs; response to address of welcome.
Judge It. F. Crawford of Santa Rosa: address
of welcome in behalf of the city, H. P. Brain
erd, president of the Board of Trustees; address
of welcome to the Ladies' Veterans' Aid Asso
ciation Mrs. Arietta Wlnans; response to the
address of welcome. Dr. M. V. Khnbnii of
Healdsburg: vocal solo, Mrs. J. P. Rodgers;
r. citation. "Our Country's Flag," Miss Ger
trude Winans; address, Major General Shafter
of San Francisco.
Saturday, June 16. 10 a, m.. Agricultural
Park— Election of officers of the Veterans' As
sociation and the Ladles' Veterans' Aid Asso
ciation. 2 p. in., park— Address", "Cuba," Dr.
C. X. Thomas- of Healdsburg.
Sunday, June IS, 10 a. m., park — Memorial
I services and short eulogies by comrades on de
ceased veterans who have passed away in this
Jurisdiction, Interspersed with sacred songs.
I P. m. — Address, Mr?. Addle Ballou of San
Francisco; address, Mrs. Veeder Dow of Se
bastopol.
Monday, June 19, 10 a. m., park— Short talks
and reminiscences by the veterans. 2 p. m.—
Address, Judge A. J. Buckles, past department
commander, of Solano County. 8 p. m. —
ception by Morning Star Chapter, Order East
ern Star, to the visiting associations.
Tuesday. June 20, ladies' day, park. 10 a. m.—
Address. Eva J. French, Santa Rosa; solo, Mrs.
Clara McDonald, San Francisco; reading, Miss
Bessie French, Santaßosa: skirt" dance, Anna
belle Rodgers; remarks, visiting ladles; solo,
patriotic selection. Miss Lowery; recitation.
Miss Laura Hutehins.
Wednesday, June 21. recreation day— The vis
itors will he driven about the city and vicinity
and shown the various places of Interest. .'
Thursday, June 22— Breaking camp and fare
wells.
RIVER STEAMER MODOC'S
SHAFT IS BROKEN
The Accident Occurs While Approach-
ing Port Costa, and Passengers
Are Transferred.
PORT COSTA. June 15.— The Southern
Pacific Company's river steamer Modoc,
Captain Fourrat. which left San Fran
cisco this afternoon, broke her shaft while
approaching Port Oosta. The passengers
were transferred to the Sacramento Local
train and a boat is coming down the ilver
ito take off the freight. A tugboat from.
San Francisco is on the way here to tow
the Modoc to Oakland. Outside of the
breaking of the shaft no other damage !
was done. The Modoc is now tied to the
Southern Pacific Company's wjiarf here.
DEMOCRATS ARE
FINALLY AGREED
Pennsylvania Conven
tion Fills Its Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HARRISBURG, Pa., June 15.— The
contest before the Democratic State
convention for Supreme Court Judge
ended this evening with the unanimous
nomination of Judge S. L. Mestrezat of
Fayette County, on the twenty-eighth
ballot. Charles J. Reilly of Williams
port, permanent chairman or the con
vention, was nominated by acclamation
for Judge of the Superior Court, and
Representative William T. Creasy of
Columbia was the unanimous choice for
State Treasurer. After making these
nominations the convention adjourned.
The convention started to ballot at 6
o'clock last evening for Supreme Judge
and continued with a few recesses un
til 6 o'clock to-night. . York County
started the break to Mestrezat on the
twenty-eighth ballot by casting its
thirteen votes for him. Before the vote
was announced Congressman Erman
trout withdrew the nineteen votes of
Berks, cast for Judge Errnentrout, and
gave them to Mestrezat. Mr. Donnelly
of Philadelphia gave the sixty votes of
Philadelphia solidly to Mestrezat. Cen
ter County changed from Krebs to Mes
trezat.
Ex-Congressman Kerr of Clearfield,
who had managed Krebs' contest, with
drew his candidate for Mestrezat. This
insured the latter'? nomination and
there was a wild scene of enthusiasm.
Judge Mestrezat's nomination was
made unanimous. When the convention
again settled . down to business the
names of Representative George R.
Dixc-n of Elk and Mr. Reilly were pre
sented for Superior Judge. General A.
H. Coffroth of Somerset withdrew Mr.
Dixon's name, and on his motion Mr
Reilly was nominated by acclamation.
The convention then completed the
ticket by the nomination of Mr. Creasy
for State Treasurer, his name having
been placed before the convention by
his colleague, Mr. Dixon.
The nomination for Supreme Court
Judge is equivalent to an election, by
reason of the fact that two are to- be
elected in November and no elector is
entitled to vote for more than one
SAYS MADERA HAS
BEEN TREATED RIGHT
Griffin Explains the Southern Pa
cific's Stand in Reference to the
Coppev Smelter.
MADERA, Juno 15.-A misapprehension
of the facts in regard to the locating of
the smelter of the California Copper
Company seems to have possessed your
correspondent at Madera. The citizens
of Mad. ra feel that the Southern Pacific
Company has treated Mad era right at all
times in this matter, and the people feel
grateful for the courtesies shown us by
the Southern Pacific Company's represen
tative, S. F. Jtooth. The site now under
consideration on the north hank of the
San Joaquin River may not be consid
ered as desirable as that offered by the
citizens. The matter will be settled on
the arrival from New York of the copper
company's engineer, who is expected in 'i
few days. J. X. GRIFFIN
President of the Chamber of Com
merei- of Madera.
GETS SPECIAL LETTERS.
Mrs. Phelps Looking After Her De-
ceased Husband's Estate.
REDWOOD CITY. June 15.— Upon the
application of Mrs. Josephine Phelps, the
wl.low of the late Timothy Guy Phelps.
special letters of administration were to
day granted to her. The application for
special letters was made for the purpose
of t.-tting an order of court allowing the
administratrix access to the box of tHe
deceased in the safe deposit in San Fran
cisco, where he kept his papers and docu
ments.
Although a will exreuted by Mr. Phelps
has been Found hearing date of Decem
ber 24, 1892, it la thought th:.i possibly
there- is in existence a will of later date
and if such be the case it will probably
be found among his papers in the safe de
posit. If such a will is found of course
that will be the one to be probated. Mrs
Phelps was appointed for the purpose of
making this search and caring for the rs
tate of the dec-eased in the meantime
bonds being tixed in the sum or $500.
Willis G. Witter, a nephew of Mr
Phelps, appeared for the petitioner
®i®>® > ®>® + ®4<«)4<S4-(«>4<^s4- ®>®>® -f t ®>® -f ®+® -f ®t®X9 -f ®f ®i®
® >^ _, _
j CURED RHEUMATISM, j
i >
i £Pk Df- McLauglilin's Electric I
* v ■'■■• vl* 1 wyw s. ,if./, * Belt AffJlin Proves Its t
*♦" A\/ EP^-^%^- i , Dell Agdlll riUYdd lib >
1 JSSjßwJ^jsSi Great Value. It Cures §
Ti^M^S 1 When Everything I
! . Else Fails. I
4- i/f r ''^ / WE^\^ : -V\^ ®
1 ® ' / ' !) I X PORT KBNTON (Humboldt Coun- ft
4- ! . ty, Cal.). May 25, 1899.-Dr. M. A +
® _ Mclaughlin— Dear Sir: From the m
X first moment your Electric Belt clasped my waist I began to get well, and am 12
(£, now entirely cured of sciatic rheumatism. I owe my strength and happiness "X
Y_ to your Belt, and hope others who suffer will open their eyes and see the
•*■ benefit it will be to them. Yours truly, HARRY PERRY. ' ' +
| DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT |
X This grand Belt has cured four thousand people in California during the 4-
W past five years. It cures Nervous and Vital Weakness, Rheumatism, Lame &\
4- Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures many of the worst forms of Iservou<» .|
® Debility after all else fails.
® IX WILL CURE YOU. £
4- Stop drugging if it does not help you, and the money that you would nay -*-
® a doctor in one month will buy this famous Belt. It is worth its weight in X
J. gold for it saturates the weakened body with new Utl new vlgorf new 2
0 manhood. »> -• °" • " aw -<X
4- SCUD F3« "THItEB CLASSES OF MEN." X
<•> It is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength It will nolnt <S\
I adVesr o a r nS c£n y b^aVo^ 3 "2WS 5
4- Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns th» i, onn i n . . V
I nSi y d^y' OU sai! f bU add cs y s OUr U^ « c n h d C s%?y^f S uVu ce r e ha K e S^ n U ?d t |
5 " • 4-
-6 Fir M A MpT Qlirrhlivi „ 7C2 Mark « t SI. cor. Kearny 3]■ • <?
? UV. 111. A. IUOLia Ui^lllin, Bnrdick Block, cor. Bpnng and B.ooni ±
X «_» 7 Bti., Lob Angeles. ®
® Offlct, Hours-8 a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; : Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER BOLD IN DRUQSTORBB. §
■ - ■ ■ - . ■ ■ ' ■ ■ '
STRIKING MINERS
VERY INDIGNANT
Demand a Retraction of
a False Story.
THEY ARE NOT CRIMINALS
THOSE WHO QUIT WORK SET
FORTH THEIR GRIEVANCES.
They Demand Better Pay for Work at
Iron Mountain and Food That
Is Fit for Human
Beings.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, June 15.— The striking: Iron
Mountain miners, now in Redding, were
made Indignant to-day l>y the fncendiary
dispatcb from Sacramento, which was
printed In Wednesday evening's Bulletin.
The Built tin wan soundly denounced for
stating that "nearly 30 per cent of the
men employed at the works have at some
time done time in the State prison?." and
thai "they are a class of men who hold
life lightly." y
The Sacramento dispatch was posted on "^
a bulletin board near the postoffl.-e, and
underneath it on a Western Union blank
was a demand signed by "striker?" that
the grossly libelous matter be retracted.
The Bulletin was favored with a red-hot
copy by wire.
A committee of strikers composed of W.
Graham, < '. H. Beeve and W. H. Day, in.
behalf of their fellow-workmen, to-day Is
sued an address to the public, in which is
recited the grievances which led up I
present trouble. In part the address reads:
on .Tune 1" a grievance committee of twelve
men watted upon Superintendent Archer and
asked for, In behalf of the employes i
corporation, a uniform increase of 40 cents in
ail branches of tl><> mininp business. At the
present time miners are receiving $2 60 a diy.
and » lie lower grade? of workmanship from
$2 1" a day. which, In our opinion. Is
considerably l>cl<>w the average schedule In
force on similar properties in this am) other
[arts of the State. We believe our course is
a just one, and desire to inform the mining
public to thnt effpet.
The strikers also complain of the com
pany's boarding-houses, asserting that
"the food Is not fit fur human consump
tion." but that the employes are com
pelled to patronize the institution under
penalty of discharge. The address states
that of the 500 men who quit work only
two were opposed to the move, and re
mained with the company. Tbeir names
are Charles Smiley and one McDroom. All
stories sen) out to the effect that grave
complications are feared, necessitating
the calling out of the militia, are without
foundation, as all "f the strikers have.
left the vicinity of the property and are
red'in town, from which the mino
is not readily accessible.
Further evidence of the peapceable na- I
ture of the strike is found in the fact that f
an extra coach had to be switched into
the overland train lust idpht to accom
modate the strikers who were bound for
Colorado and for British Columbia by
way of Pan Francisco. Over a hundn d
men have left for other fields and mnro
are poinK. There is no disturbance here,
at Keswick or Iron Mountain. Xo at
tempt is beinp made (o reopen the mine
It is piven out. however, that Superin
tend, nt Archer will have some Iraprove-
I ments made in the mine for the better
ment of the air supply, the w>rk to be let
out by contract.
It was rumored about that ihe company
had mad.' an offer of $3 per day for Ihe
miners to go to work, but no ere
is placed in the story here.
KEPT HIS VOW,
BUT LOST HIS LIFE
A Drunkard Promises Never to Touch
Liquor Again and Sticks to It
to the End.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., June in.— "if it
takes whisky to save my life I'll die," said
Marion J. Smith, a well known local char
acter, last night. He kept his word and
died early this morning.
Smith had been a notorious drunkard
for twenty years. He had been on a spr c
for the past live weeks. His wife had
pleaded in vain for him to join thf> church
and quit drinking. Last Sunday Smith
attended a tent meeting drunk. The
evangelist scored drunkenness, and at the
close of the service Smith went forward
put a quart bottle of whisky into the
preacher's hands ami vowed never to
touch liquor while he lived. He kept pra> -
ing continuously and last night was taken
violently ill. A physician pr< scribed whis
ky, but he refused to touch a drop al
though his wife pleaued with him to take
it. He died in horrible agony, refusing to
touch liquor.
GOVERNORS NOT INTERESTED.
Some Will Not Participate in Anti-
Trust Convention.
AUSTIN. Tex.. June 15.— T0-day Gover
nor Savers received a letter from Gov
ernor Dyer of Rhode Island relative to
the proposed anti-trust convention in St.
Louis on the 20th of September. Governor
Dyer writes that he will not be present
at the meeting; that the question ..f
trusts and the damage they are cioing tha
country was our to which ho paid little
attention. He was not prepared to say
that they were doing harm, neither wag
he prepared to say that they were doing
good. In view of this fact", he did not
care to attend a convention and bind him
self to oppose trusts when later he might
line' that they were a benefit to the
people.
Governor Roosevelt of New York also
wrote to the Governor stating that whilf*
he indorsed the movement, he could not
be present owing to important business of
state.NIGHTS OF
STUDY NOW
A MEMORY
Pupils of Hamilton
School
Given Diplomas,
Sent Forth f quipped for
the Battle of Life in
the Busy Workaday
World.
.■■•--:. --
The pupils Of the Hamilton Evening
School held their annual graduating ex
erclses last night In the auditorium of the
Girls' High School. The exercises were
"exceptionally interesting and the enthu
siasm of the pupils and their relatives
and friends, who taxed the spacious audi
torium to its utmost capacity, ran high.
Mayor Phelan attended the graduating :
exercises and favored the audience with;
an address.
Congressman Julius Kahn presided and
in opening the evening's programme
made a rather neat little speech, which
was in line with the spirit of the joyous i
occasion.
The main feature of the exercises was I
a debate between William Carey and Al- i
len Berry on one Bide and William Jen- I
Ben and John O'Rourke on the other. The i
question at issue was embodied in the fol- |
lowing resolution.. "That the United
States should establish a protectorate |
Over tho Philippine Islands."
William Carey and Allen Berry de- ,
fended the affirmative side of the ques
tion and William Jensen and John
O'Kourke argued it from a negative |
standpoint. it was evident that the
youthful debaters had studied the sub
ject carefully. They advanced logical
reasons, pro and con, which seemed to I
have been born of solid individual j
thought- In justice to the four young I
speakers it must be said that they pre- !
eented their arguments with the assur- 1
ing confidence of ■ [-seasoned debaters.
Every one of the four speakers proved
himself to be an orator of exceptional i
ability and they spiced their arguments i
with oratorical gems of fervent patriot- '
ism without indulging in flights of lurid
fancy. The audience listened attentively i
and generously applauded each speaker. !
At the conclusion of the debate Chair- I
man Kahn requested the judges— Daniel i
Ryan; Hull McLaughry and H. V. Whit- j
Ing— to! adjourn to one of 'he classrooms
to deliberate on their decision. When j
they returned to the hall Mr. Ryan, on
behalf of th.> judges, announced that they
had decided after due deliberation in fa
vor of the negative Bide. He then pre- i
sen ted the victors. Messrs. Jensen and j
<j'Rourke. with a handsome sllKen ban- !
ncr; the gift of Principal Iceland and the :
■
Diplomas were then distributed to the i
graduates by C. H. Mark, Deputy Super-
Int-ndem of Schools.
The pupils will hold their graduating
party this evening at FraiiKlin Hall. I
iMiring th<- evening the school band ren- I
dered several charming selections. Miss I
Knse Broderick sang several sweet solus i
and received merited applause,
The list of graduates follows
Graduate?, senior year— Frank Gloeokn«r, |
Apiipp lr^ne Rooney, ! "orris Wolfe.
Middle year— Annie Gertrude Brady, Ida Hell ■ i
man. Franklin • ivy. Samuel Paokscher.
Junior y^ar— Nora Agnt-s Crowe, Pavi<i Joseph
31t*nnan. Daisy Celeste Grass, Norah K.lijah i
Gyle, I*ike Hamelln. Anna Koei»el, Herbert !
Lansdown, Thomas Marron. J.>hn M.< ■ ■rmir-k. (
Arthur Seltg. Mercy Tread well, Joseph Welh
man. •/
Unokkeeplni?— Otto Rehm. Harry James Boyd.
Joseph Brady, William I>ittes. Henry- Doscher. |
11-->ne Kttinser. Louis Puller, William ll'ttua. j
(VJUlam Bauer Hun.i. Pliilip ■ nberg:, Dennis I
I. Kf-nnv. Helen Kurlandzik. I. eon Kurlandzlk. j
Henry Michael. Kiutan Mlyazakl. Richard •
Norgrove. ({jihort Ros-;, Harry J. Spring, ,
Eleanor Harriet Tallrott.
Stenography and typewriting— John E. Bolder,
Meyer Cohen. Grace H. Dixoi Arthur Fitz
gerald, Anna Hart. Lillle Hart. George- M.
Jor.ec, Kvelyn K. Leaser, Irving B. Marks, I
Harry Hunter. Sarah S. War-holder William I
Wall.
GRAMMAR SCHOOL DEPARTMENT !
Advanced Eighth Grade graduates, Division I
A— Frank O. Arata, Gabriel Zurich, Dale Allen ;
Berry. ■•;. >••-• G. Berry. Alexander Brown,
Robert Brown. .Tames Daniel Byrne, Joseph
William I'arfv, Jesse Cohen, Stephens
W. Collins, Francis .T. Curran, William i
Thomas Ourran. Joseph W. Downing, j
Eton Charles 'Jo-Ides, Fergus Gomersal. Wil- :
liam Jensen, Joseph Patrick T,acey. H. Robert
Laydon, Abraham Levy, Charles lA>ng. Alex
ander Edward Mero, Harry James McCann, I
Jo«eph Morris, Albert Oneto. H. Ellas Simon, j
Peter John Simmons, Mabel Cora Sterrttl
Advanced Eighth Grade, Division B— Arthur i
Acker, George Auld, Minnie Axtmann, William |
Coffin, Richard Cook, Florence Ellis. William:
Gercke. Arthur Gibbons, Martin Hamberger,
Richard Kerwin. William I^arkin. Ella La '■
Belle, Oscar MaJech, Henry Mark, Ethyl Morse, ;
MariUE X>-pper, John O'Rourke, Edgar Sn*ll, .
Charles Schwartz. Otto Schoninß. William !
Teichert, AV alter Veaoo, Walter Wolfrom.
PUPILS GET DIPLOMAS.
Superintendent Webster Dis-
tributes Prized Documents
at the Polytechnic.
Diplomas -were distributed to the pupils
of the Polytechnic High School by Super
intendent of Schools Webster yesterday
morning, including the pupils of the Mis
sion commercial class, who were trans
ferred last January. The seniors who re
reived honorable mention arc: Lulu A.
Brockinton and Jessie B. Zacharias.
Those who received two-year diplomas
md honorable mention are Ethel iJois A,
len, Theresa Florence Galli, Estelle C.
Matheson and Bertha Helen Stolz.
The diplomas were distributed to the
on pi Is as follows:
Three Tears' Course — Ray Anshel, Fannie R.
Block. Lulu A. Brockinton. CelLa Fischer,
Millie Kaskell. Florence L. Kustel. Esther
tValton Lambert, Lottie Llnne, Mary F. O'Con
aell. Sylvia, M. CLoKhlen, Dorothy Peters,
Etta F. sh«»han. Madeleine M. Strohl. Ethel
rnbrett. Elizabeth Wilbert. Mazle Worthing
ton, Jessie B. Zacharlas. Howard Kilbrlde
«nd Charles Mauser ,Tr.
Two Tears' Course— Ethel Ix>ls Allen, Emllle
Bai-thels. Edna Valera Blanchard. Adele M.
Koye, Bertha M. Knye. Eda Browning. Ella
:>. Burk. Sarah G. Canty, May Demlnga, Ida
5. Fuer.dling, Aimee Eugenia Fuller. Theresa
Flor<"nc 'Jail!. Noretta L. Carbarino. Bertha
w. G^hrfls, Camellia A. Gllmore, Rose M.
Shisila. N'orine Inez Ooldman, K«]na Gray. May
S. Oreenblatt, Edna Hannlgan, Annie Ham,
losp[>hine Herron. Olga H. Hunsaker. Elton
Franc**. Hurley. Amy Jordan Jackson. Edith
Veronica Kennealy. Charlotte Helle Marston.
nplfilc C. Matheson. Grace M. Mclnerney.
He'.ie i!!rh;iel, Emma N'iles. Harriet M.
:»"N-il. May H. Patch. Emilie Radius.
KmTr.a Reubold, Rertha Rlese, Clara Robit-
Kfc<-r. Jennie H. Saunders, Mathilde B. Schllt
(er, Dorothy .Schroder, Aline Schurrh, Mollle
..•-rtruri* Silvpy. Loretta S. Sleath, Josie"
Stamper, i:.-rtha Helen Stolz< Pauline L.
utschlg. Emma M. Watson, Bertha M. Win
[er. Kdwar'l s. Abenhelm, Charles Adams,
Kuger^ Bannerot. Ernest A. Bruer, William
S. A. Buckley, David S Cahen, Charles N.
Tlllr - Lester foubr..u K h, .Tames Robert Cur
:in. <_arl K.nrman. Richard .1. H. Forbes.
Leonard Irving Kro<if., Harry Gaetlen. Joseph
Andrew Gendottl, Herbert Spencer Goewey.
Monroe <ir.-<-n. L*o Kerbel, Edward Leltner.
[••■ ■' Levy, Takeshi O'Kubo. Clemens Raetz.
Milton F. Rap] Jai h Schwarz. Carl Stroh
.in, Tpuney.,shi Takahlra. I'arl A Wißholm.
One year diplomas. Mission commercial class
-Jennie F. Baker, Lulu R. de Ton(?e. Ella
E. Fcipe. Mary A. Lacy. '■ utae D. May Ellza
!>eth M. Mr( latchey, Flora X Smith Alice
H. Sullivan Susie.'. WLnnT, Vin<-e,n F. Fin-'
3i>ran, Earl h. Laumelster, Forest A Wal
jelm..'
When the diplomas had been presented
a p-oup picture of the senior class was
iftki-r.
EXERCISES AT THE
LAFAYETTE PRIMARY
Graduating exorcise? will be held a t the
Lafayette Primary School to-day, when
:he following programme will be rendered:
Flap salute; opening song, "Old Glory." by
[he school; "THe Four Points, ,v mi '!•<.' Podes
:a; "Goid U rnlng, Merry Sunshine," Blanche
Olsen: Krpncli song, Lizzie Volpone; "Quarrel
some Kittens." N"rma Nlcollnl and Eda Mar
t!nr>l!i: Bnnp. "Silence," by the school; "Th"
Doctor's Str.ry. Mary Marina: "Vacation
rime." Klsio Valente; "Our Defenders, " pupils
jf Miss Stewart's class; ."The Army Coat and
Buttons," pupil* of. Miss Lyons' class; "The
Cnerpeoted Guest." Nora Racigalupi; "Have
m Heard What Fairies Say?" Leon Cometo;
"In tli* ll< art of the Sea. ■ Prank Anasta^la;
"Just Break the News, to Mother." pupils of
EIGHT CHARMING GIRL GRADUATES RECEIVE THEIR DIPLOMAS
AT THE IMMACULATE CONCEPTION ACADEMY COMMENCEMENT
THK fourteenth annual com
mencement >f the Academy of
the Immaculate Conception was
held yesterday afternoon at
Eintracht Hall, Twelfth street,
near Folsom. F.lght young girls who
had finished the course at the Institu
tion presided over bj the Dominican
Sisters received their diplomas. They
are: Misses Theresa Powers. Mary
Flynn, Ethel Kearns, Ellen Mitchell,
Marcella Doran, Annie Schilling, Ma
bel Powers and Kate Mitchell.
The exercises preceding the distribu
tion of the diplomas were participated
In hy all the pupils In the academ> .
more than two hundred in number,
many of them the tiniest i.ms. all dis
playing accomplishments that spoke
volumes for the thoroughness of their
instructors. The hall was tastefully
decorated for the occasion, the stage
petting being particularly artistic, its
full effect being shown when the
scores of girls, flower-bedecked in
their white dresses, were framed by
the setting of red, white and blue
bunting and tastefully an
plants. The audience was a large
one, occupying all the seating capacity
and a great part of the gallery not re
served for the Sisters and their ju
venile charges. A number of the
clergy occupied front seats.
The opening number on the pro
gramme was a trio on three pianos.
Sottsa's "Manhattan Beach March"
being the number selected. It was
played by Misses H. Stevens. M.
Murphy. F. Berge, I. Bauer. M We
ringer. M. Tierney, L. Garrett and M.
Rohling. They were loudly applauded.
Nearly all the little girl pupils of
the academy were seen in the "t'nieq
dar of I>ays." a sort of tableau vlvant
of the doings of the various days of
the week. It was introduci i by
"Father Time," who was none other
than Miss Theresa Powers in a long
black cloak and a -..>a!'r of cotton bat
ting whiskers. Sh* was assisted by
Frances Era as "Light foot," typical ->f
the flight of time. Then in troops,
one after the other, came on the little
ones to illustrate the woes of washing
third grade; "Drake's Address." Miss Stew
art's class; "Somebody's Mother," Aurella I.;
narl; "A Gentleman." six boys; Italian song.
Rose Stelnola; "The Children's Hour." six
Kirls; "American Fla«." Anita Ludemann;
"Woudn't Eat Crusts," Rose Jones; "A Left
over Doll," Mary Musante: "Patriot Sons of
Patriot Sires," Egldlo Cerrutl; "A Foolish
I-ittle Bonnet," Rom ll da Pelletlerl: harmonica
solo, Fernando Setaro; "Just As the Sun Went
Down." song by the school; "When My Paw
Was a Boy," .lark Trampleasure; extract from
the speech of Everett Hale, by pupils of the
fifth grade; Italian song. Nora Baclgalupl and
Katie Man-aria : Italian recitation and .- nir.
Lizzie Volpone and Katie Maccarla; song. "My
Country. 'Tip of Thee," by the school; present
ation of certificates of graduation and silver
medals; address, by the principal.
EXERCISES AT NORMAL
One Hundred and Sixteen Di
plomas. Distributed to
Graduates
■ ■ »
The frrarluating exercises of the San
Francisco Normal school were held in the
college building at the corner of Powell
and Sacramento streets yesterday after
noon, 116 pupils receiving their diplomas
from the hands of Superintendent <> t
Schools R. H. Webster. The exercises
were interesting and well rendered, the
programme beiiiK as follows:
Music. "Welcome. Bright Day," class: row
ing pong, clans; essay, "is He Stupid?" Grace
Knowlton; trio, "Lullaby". (Brahma), Her
mlone I.o»k. Edna Smart, Queenle Montgom
ery; essay. "Woman's Influence on Education."
Marguerite Evans; music. "Greeting" (Men
delssohn); "Buttercups," words and. music by
Bena/Kno*; original poem. The Poetry of
Teaching." Mabel Woods; trio, "Aye Maria"
(Abt). Hermlone I.AFk, Edna Smart. Queenie
Montgomery; Janette Madden, accompanist;
■ lay, "The Education of China," Laura Den
son; music, "Cradle Song" (Weidlg); "Swing
Song," words by Teresa Cooney; essay. "Self
culture for Teachers." Emma Wherll; music. (
"Bird Sons;," words by Shirley Hayes; address
by President Bergerot; presentation of diplo
mas by Superintendent R. H. Webster; music.
"Alma Mater," class; accompanist. Miss Edna
Smart.
GRADUATING EXERCISES
AT THE FREE NORMAL
The Free Normal Training School of the
Golden <;ate Kindergarten Association.
221 Ninth street, dosed it? term yester
day. In the absence .if Mrs. Cyrus Walk
er, president of the association. Mrs. Mary
W. Kincaid, one of : he board of direct
ors, presented diplomas to the following
graduates: Misses Annie 1/or.frmald, Clara
Moore. June Curtis, Fanny Gray, I. aura
Qillogly, Mary Melrose, Eleanor Verluck,
A'i;i Hammond. Annie Harrison. Maude
Butterfleld. Since the two years' course
was established Mrs. Carrie B. Gray, Miss
Susan T. Smith and Miss Cieorgiana I.
Lacy have also been graduated.
DIED IN A LODGE ROOM.
I. D. Levi Suddenly Expires, and Un
dertakers Fight Over the Body
Before It Is Cold.
During the session of Washington ;
Court, Order of Foresters, in the Alcazar I
building last night I. D. Levi. secretary j
of the court, toppled from his chair and |
fell senseless on the floor. Drs. Laidlaw I
and Gere were summoned and did what
they could for the sufferer, but he ex
pired in less than ten minutes. The f'or
c.ner's office was notified and at about
the same ttipm p some one sent word to
Tndertaker Metzler. The undertaker ar- i
rived a few minutes after Coroner's D^p- {
uties Lacombe and Flanagan and the re-]
suit was a disgusting wrangle over the ;
b..dy of tne dead.
Metzler has been on bad terms with
the Coroner for some time past and h;is
accused the latter of favoritism regard- ,
ing the disposition of dead bodies. A re- !
quest was made by members of th* lodge
that Levi's body be taken to an under
taker establishment instead of the j
Morgue. Deputy Lacombe replied that
he was willing provided any undertaker
be chosen but Metzler. Metzler was by
tliis time on the ground, and he. hacked
up by members of the lodge, insisted that
it .go' to his own establishment. Lacombe
at once threatened to remove the body
to the Morgue, so another undertaker was
THJS SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1899.
day, which Is Monday, and ironing
day, Tuesday, and sewing day.
Wednesday. For Thursday, calling
day. it was necessary to impress Into
service the older girls, who very pret
tily showed how cleverly much yawn
ing may be concealed by handshakes
and perfunctory compliments. Then
some more little girls gave an exhibi
tion of Friday, sweeping day, and
some others, dressed after the fashion
and bespectacled like grandmothers,
and still others garbed as cooks, ex
plained the mysteries of cooking day
and the day of rest. *
The little boys of the academy got
their first and only chance of the aft
ernoon in the "Fiddlers' Escapade."
They made the most of it. To a lilt
ing air they romped on to the stage
in cone-shaped hats, masks covering
the upper part of their faces. It was
hard to tell from their youthful voiced
in just what the "Fiddler's Escapade"
consisted, but judging from the joy
they seemed to extract from the per
formance and the amount of wriggling
they injected into it. it must have been
extremely pleasant.
One of the prettiest numbers on (he
programme was the choral dance,
"The Wood Nymph's Invitation." by.
ten young girls of the. "junior class."
They danced on to a tripping measure,
their shoulders bearing wreaths of
green, each carrying a basket of
sweet pea blossoms. As they danced
they sang the invitation and waved
their blossoms In graceful curves that
sent the perfume over the .entire
house. Nothing could have been sim
pler or more beautiful, and by com
mon consent it was voted the most
charming number of the afternoon.
"Die Kapelle," a semi-chorus by the
members of the German class, and "I."
Voyageur Egare dans les Nieges dv St.
Bernard." by the French class, showed
the proficiency of the scholars in these
branches. The elocution classes also
showed marked proficiency, the first
class reciting the "Answered Prayer"
and the second class "The Heroes of
the Maine." The exclusively musical
numbers revealed an amazing amount
of talent in. the academy. The orchefl
selected and Metzler agreed to convey the
body to hi? rival's establishment. ' He
makes the claim that he can demand
heavy da ranges of Coroner Hill for de
priving him of a case on which he had
been summoned.
The Coroner's office defends itself by
Baying that the Coroner must remove a.
body fmm a public building, but he can
order it to any place he chooses until
after the inquest has been held. It then
passes from his jurisdiction and the fam
ily or friends of the deceased can select
any undertaker they choose to take care
of the remains.
I..\i was about ¥> years "f age and re
sided at 616 Green street. He was In busl
i ess as a pawnbroker on Montgomery
street. Death is supposed to have been
due to apoplexy, hut an autopsy will be
held to-day to determine the exact r;nis. .
WAS UNJUSTLY ACCUSED.
A Carpenter's Good Name Saved by
a Mission School Teacher's
Shrewdness.
To Miss Louise A. Ren wick, a teacher
In the Horace Mann School on Mission
street, ii>'nrno C. Damon, a carpenter ac
cused of theft, owes his exoneration. A
week ago last Thursday. liamon was em
ployed to do wimp work on the house of
a peddler named Layonettl. After he had
completed the work Mrs. Layonettl of
fered him payment for his services, but
he refused t" accept money, saying: that
If i ho woman would "stand the treat" he
would he satisfied. Accordingly she took
from a purse, which was concealed under
a mattress in the room, some small
change and visited a corner grocery,
where she purchased liquid refreshments.
When she returned the purse containing'
$100 was gone and shortly afterward
Damon was arrested and charged with
the crime.
While the suspect was in jail, George
Thomas, a son of Mrs. Layoneitt. was
spending money lavishly on his compan
ions at the Horace Mann •School. His
teacher. Miss Renwick. noted that he
purchased luxuries with which hoys of his
means could not be provided and Inquiry
at his home disclose, i the fact thai his
parents had given him no money to spend.
Another lad named Peter Peterson also
apparently had suddenly acquired mys
terious wealth. While Mrs. Layonettl
questioned Peterson, Miss Renwick exam
ined Thomas and at length drew from him
a full confession that he had stolen his
mother's purse. <"aptain Glllen was noti
fied and immediately removed the sus
picion from Damon's shoulders.
BREEDING DISEASE.
An Unsavory Pool in the Rear of a
; -;Y;"%; Hospital.
Health' Officer Lawlor inspected the
Maclean Hospital on Douglass' street, be
tween Eighteenth and Nineteenth, where
the smallpox patients 'are located, yes
terday morning- and found in. the rear of
the hospital and on the same property a
huge reservior containing several thou
sand gallons of putrid water, which is
being used for irrigating purposes. His
attention was attracted to the reservoir
by the stench, and on investigation found
the carcasses of a number of animals -in
the pool. He immediately ordered the
reservior drained into the nearest sewer
for discharge into the bay and later a
force of men was put to work to cut a
trench for that purpose. Dr. Lawlor s;u<i
that if the nuisance had been maintained
much longer the whole ■of Eureka . Val
ley would probably have become Infected.
■ ' . ♦ . ..<&%..
Will Comply With the Law.
S. O. Murphy, president of the First
National Wank, and E. W. Hopkins, capi
talist, who were arrested Wednesday for
violating thf fire ordinance in not erect
ing stand pipes and fire escapes on their
buildings, have consented to do so. and
when the cases were called in Judge Con
lan's court yesterday they were con
tinued
Mission Democrats Federate.
At a meeting of the Democrats of the
Thirty-fourth District last night at Mis
sion Onera Hall, which was presided
tra of pupils, nearly thirty of them,
with violins, mandolins and guitars,
gave two selections — "Manana" and
"The Handicap Race." It did not
seem possible that professionals could
do much Netter. The first violins were
Misses R. Erwin. M. Nielsen. M.
Hughes and A. Buckley; first mando
lins Misses T. Powers, M. Flynn, M.
Keneally and N. Counnahan; second
mandolins H. Guinan, S. McCann, A.
McDevitt and B. Cahill.
The exercises concluded with the
chorus, "Our Flag." by the school,
many of the girls waving flags as their
voices raised in patriotism at the
words of the song. Other musical num
bers on the programme were "The
Chase of the Lion" and "Tanz der
Maikaefer," on the pianos. Misses 13.
Cahill, M. Erz. C. La Valle, M. Han
non, M. Weninger, M. Sennott, T.-Con
nell, M. Black and M. Blttgenbach
taking part.
The diplomas w^re conferred by
Rev. Father Lynch of St. James par
ish, who praised the academy for 1 1 1 <—
showing it had made, said some com
pllmentarv things about th^ sisters >lt
St. Dominic, under whose guidance
the pupils had progressed so well, and
last of all admonished the graduates to
live up to the religious teachings that
had been inculcated with their daily
lessons.
over by John H. Hanson. Hon. Frank
H. dould enlightened the assemblage on '
how municipal governments coula and '
should be run without the aid of bosses
This information having been m.- .!. so
clear to those presenl it was msianily
resolved to federate with the other Mis- I
sion cluhs by which the last of boss rule
may be wiped out of existence Cor »ll linn
to come until Chris Buckley obtains con
trol of th<- party.
HEROES ON PARADE.
Nebraska Volunteers Will Participate
in the Big Celebration on the
Fourth.
The brave boys of tile Nebraska volun
teers, the few who ale left of that much
battered regiment, will occupy a place of
conspicuous honor in the big parade on
the Fourth o f July. They will arrive
from the Philippines in plenty of time
to get a good rest «ml participate in the
day's celebration. Every State in the
Union is to be represented; the Ohio
State organization has already accepted
the invitation extended t<> It and it is
expected that the others will be heard
from within a day or so.
Consul General How Vow of the Chinese
Empire has entered heart and sou] into
the project to have a big Chinese division
m the parade. Me is backed in his ef
forts by the members of the Six Com
panies and the Celestials will make ,-, hi;
effort to carry off one of the prizes that
will be offered.
The decoration committee met last even
ing and decided that all decorations put
up on the streets shall be of a more than
temporary nature as the boys of the First
California are expected home shortly af
ter the Fourth ami there will be other
volunteers to be given a typical Califor
nian welcome.
The literary committee also met last
evening and completed arrangements for
a mighty chorus of 250 voices as a feature
of the literary exercises. The chorus will
be under the direction nf John W. Mc-
Kenzie and will hold its first rehearsal at
r.l'4 Kddy street, on Mondfiv evening next
Democratic Assembly Club Meets.
A large and enthusiastic mooting- of the
Democrats of the Forty-third District was
hold last night at Apollo Hull. 810 Pacific
street, under the auspices of the- Forty
third Assembly District Democratic Club.
Tt was presided over by Dr. George 1..
I-ioryea. The speakers of the evening
were: Major Lewis. Hon. Robert Ferral
Hon. Henry Hnpan and Hon. A. M. Arm
strong. An executive committee compos
ed of one member from each precinct was
chosen by the chair. Music was furnished
by the Cosbie quartet and band. The en
rollment committee was aiotified by Harry
Rogelet to meet on next Tuesday evening
for the purpose of receiving instruct ions.
The next meeting of the club will occur
on next Thursday evening at the Cali
fornia Hall. 620 Rush street.
Sickness Caused His Suicide.
An Inquest was held yesterday into the !
cause of the death of Ronert Little, who 1
drank carbolic acid on Wednesday at his ■
home. Slfi Vallejo street, in this city, it '
was the verdict of the jury that the old
man took his life during a fit of tempo
rary insanity caused by sickness. Several
years ago he received an Injury which :
caused Inflammation of the brain. He was ;
saved from death at the time by the fain-
Ily physician, but baa suffered consider- j
ably since that time. He whs not ;i heavy |
drinker, and his rash act i~nu he attributed
wholly to ill health.
Ocean Water Tub Baths.
mi Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
watpr dlrei-t from ocean.
The Deputy Grand Master.
J. T_i. Ttobinette. the deputy grand mas
ter of the Independent Order of Odd Pel
lows, who, since the adjournment of tho
Grand Lodge, has been seriously ill at hl<s
home in Sacramento. Is slowly "recovering
and expects to be able to resume his work
In the lodges affer July 1.
Trunks moved, 25c: freight transferred. Sig
nal Transfer Co.. 520 Jones: tel. Suiter 4-il.
HUMBOLDT
GRADUATING
EXERCISES
Mayor Phelan Ad
dresses the Even
ing Sch; ol Pupils.
Awards and Diplomas
Distributed by Super
intendent Webster.
The closing exercises of the high
school and drawing departments of the
Humboldt Evening School were held last
night In Odd Fellows' Hall. A highly
meritorious t programme was rendered by
the pupils, and Superintendent Webster
presented the awards.
Addresses were made by Mayor Phelan
and Principal L. Taaffe. The list of
awards follows:
HIGH SCHOOL DEPARTMENT.
Post Graduates— .1. L. Gaffney, I). Kleln
; mann, F. C. Pattison, T. Smith. M. E. Speak
man, A. L. Lahl, B. G. Wetzel.
Seniors— H. Brown. J. H. C. Caley. H.
Conyers, J. Corbett, Joseph Golden, C. Hinck
en, A. Johannsen, H. K. K»nn, A. P. Kott
ler, E. Miller. H. J. Hahlves, C. C. Upham,
Miss E. A. Zihn. A. J. ("affprata. ■
Juniors— W. M. Hussey, E. Moran. H.
Arthur. T. TatushMo, J. Uchtlg. L. Schoen
makpr. W. Wirt. W. Laufenbers. F. Sohramm,
F. Suzukis, C. H. Scull, A. Rahlves, O. Peter
sen, II F. McMahon, R. Hausman. J. G»»r
aglity, S. Gruman, L. Davis, F. . Beatty, A.
Altman, J. Pali*!.
DRAWING DEPARTMENT.
A. J. Alviso. J. Mclntosh. P. J. Sullivan, C
Ganzenhuber. J. Mhkpp. J. Stewart, \V. A.
Mackey. D. Johns. H. J. Peehner, A. Bird, E.
Hlldprbrand. N. R. • Doollttle. W. Jps?en. B.
Thompson, G. MaKtiuspn. F. Lyons, <}. Millar.
J. W. Knox, A E. Smith, E. Shuck. J. F.
PetPrs, W. Herbert, C. Mups, B. Dunn. H.
Moclne E. McKpp. G. Shipley, W. Beardsley,
F. Blrdsall, J. Reilly. J. C. Smith. A. Ross,
D. Dorw&rd, G. T. I>awson. E. Beauharnals,
W. Goldstein. C V. I^ane. H. Down, J. Stark,
T. Krohn. W. Llppert, B. Cappel, M. How
ard, F. Garland. C. Bagley. R. Tpllam. J.
Symon, R. -Simonds.
Special Mention— Sammy, B. R. Wood, R.
A. Warden, J. Mclntosh, G. Anderson.
NINTH GRADE.
Bridge Medal? - William H. Hopan, Albert
C Calish.
Diplomas— T. Bearwald, A. Calish. R. Dleck
mann, J. Dolllnger, A. Fourtner, I. Houehin,
A. Hansen. H. Honerbah, W. H. Hogan. E.
Hannah. A. lAiuPmann, S. I^arsen. E. McSor
ley, M McCall. F. Moriarlty. G. Morlattl, G.
Pfeiffer, E. I'limley, J. Uothbers. R. Stone,
1.. Stone, E. Spier, R. Bruce. Misses A. Cohen,
I. Giletti, H. Kramer. M. Parsons, I/. Sejpel.
Dancing followed the distribution of the
awards under the direction of J. E.
Scully, floor manager, and P. J. Sullivan,
assistant, and Miss H. S. Kramer, chair
man of the reception committee.
THREATENS HER LIFE.
Mrs. Rose L. Young Swears Out a
Warrant for the Arrest of Her
Husband Thomas.
Mrs. Rose L. foung, 44"7 Point Loboa
avenue, swore to a complaint In Judge
Treadwell's court yesterday afternoon for
the arrest of her husband, Thomas
Young, on a charge of threats against
life.
The couple were married about three
years ago in San Luis Obispo, where Mrs.
Young owned a ranch. They soon quar
reled and Young, who was then getting
up a special edition for an evening paper
in this city. had to leave her. He re
turned to San Luis Obispo and Bent his
wife a note to meet him. She did so. and
he struck her with a rock, nearly killing
her. He was arrested and tried on the
charge of assault to murder and was sen
tenced to four years in San Quentin. He
was pardoned out after serving two
ypars. - ■
Since then she says he has been con
stantly dunning her for money, and be
cause she refuses to live with him he
has been sending her threatening letters
and also writing to her sister. Mrs. Mary
Ellen Kelly, calling her a monster.
"Since our marriage I have not received
a cent from my husband, but he has got
from me about $3000. I have forgiven him
more than once and taken him back, but
I am done with him now. He told me
that he was a reporter on The Call."
Young is not and never was a reporter
on The Call. ;
CYCLER RECOVERS DAMAGES.
Was Run Down by a Driver. Who
Must Pay for the Damaged
Wheel.
The California Associated Cycling Clubs
; have won another signal victory over a
reckless driver. Justice Groezingerren
' dered a decision yesterday in favor of a
wheelman who had been run down.
' Roy Pollock, an employe of Russ Bros.,
i while riding a wheel belonging to R. R.
Kuss. was run into and knocked down on
! Folsom and Twenty-second Btreets last
March by a wagon belonging to J. W.
Mcllugh and driven by Thomas O'Grady.
The hoy escaped uninjured, but the bicy
cle was wrecked. Mr. Russ appealed to
the California Associated Cycling Clubs,
of which he. is a member. The matter
was placed in the hands of Adams &. Ad
ams, attorneys for the association.
Justice Groezinger heard the testimony
yesterday and at once gave judgment to
' the wheelman. This is but one of many
suits won by thr association and in which
the rights of wheelmen have heen reaf
firmed each time.
BEATING THE ASSESSOR.
Citizens Who Value Their Posses
sions Too Cheaply.
Assessor Podge and his deputies arc fix
ing up trouble in plenty for certain tax
payers who are altogether too modest in
their estimates of their own possessions
when swearing to a tax statement. An
investigation has been going on for sev
eral weeks, with the result that some as
tonishing discrepancies have been found.
Assessor Dodge will not make public at
present the names of these shirkers, but
he says there are numerous instances
where people have sworn that their per
sonal property did not exceed $50 or $100,
while he or his deputies have discovered
personal property amounting to several
thousand dollars..
In one instance a man who is positively
known to own personal property valued
at between $50,000 and $75,000 sent in a
statement giving the total valuation of
his property at $100. In every instance of
this nature the property owner will be
compelled to pay tax on the full valua
tion of his- property. . .
Warming of an Engine House.
A delightful house-warming was given
by the ladies of the Sunset District at the
newly erected house of No. 2 chemical
engine last eveninig. A jolly good time
was had under the direction of the la
dies' committee: Mrs. Delia Moldrut.
Mrs. \V. H. Jones, Mrs. T. S. Brundage,
Mrs. W. W. Allen and Mrs. A. Harring
ton. Mrs. Moldrut, as chairman, deliv
ered an address of thanks to Chief Sulli
van ;ind the Board of Fire Wardens for
their efforts in securing the new house for
the company. This address was replied
to In behalf of Chief Sullivan by Captain
Kelly of the company. The following Is
the programme:
Opening remarks, Edward Ewald; overture.
Sunset Quartet (colored); son*. "Ragtime
Dance." Murray; song, "I Thought I Heard
Homebody Calling Me," Mrs. George Vomsack;
recitation. "Sunset Heights, or the Nob Hill of
the Town," Miss Lillian Rhodes; banjo solo,
Charles B. Era t her; piano solo. William Mc-
Devitt; vocal duet. Joe. Hansen and Fred Reck;
humorous short stories. Charles Elocher; char
acter sketches. Miss M. McCarty and Miss T.
Connelly.
Light Registration.
Registrar Steppacher thinks thp regis
tration of voters this year will fall far
short of what it was last fall, when it
was 10,000 less than the actual vote. Par
ty lenders are deeply interested In the ap
parent apathy of the voters and will
strive to awaken interest*] the approach
ing election.
Justin McCarthy has a character
study of Pope Leo XIII in next Sun
day's Call.
THI. EMPORIUM.
+¥+++****** *¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥>0^
* - . *
* si/Bu/ Hl''* and filled the div %
» Sitwday night ™ Ooldetii&ale fiazaar. *! received at *&
* C.nccrt. CAUFQRniAS LARCEST— GRANDEST STOQ£. city pricjs. ♦
! /^ . I
* 77 - ALL- DAY ♦
* // ssf>£C/AL 3 ales — /y *
I Important Sale Veiling. I
» Beginning To- Day and Until Sold *•;
» 2000 yards of all-silk Veilings, in . «
* three good styles and fair as- £\^s£v^>v f«r!iil^ *
$, sortment of colors. A^J^lf ■*
#. 700 yards 14-inch all-silk grenadina Veil- Ut^S^^sQ W^^^T^ V *
* in?, cream, wh te, brown, gray and tan, Ajv^^'^wf 'fvv- «
* regularly 16c yard; Cl</Vv''V 1 >' H-''i^r ♦
■J 975 yards 27-inch (doable width) all-silk T\//^X S *
J Tuxedo Veilings, chenille spots, brown, \\ \^\V\!" / V^^ X *
« tan, navy and gray, regularly 25c and \ \ y '4P-*>±-'
35c yard, and '■-'• . : ♦
> 375 yards 18-inch all-silk fancy-mesh Veilings, assorted colors, regularly 25c and *
* 35c yard— • X
• All 7c Yard. I
J... —^ —^ ■ ♦
* These Shoes Boys' Middy special sale I
i m *i ** Su i' s ' $ 2 - 6 * Fruiav only *
* m O^mJiSm^* *f?Mm£am9u Your choice of a great 4^^ss 2,
* ' '."- 1 vmi ' ... »i. ♦ variety— s3.4s. $4 and 7<s^3> «
» ou 11 agree with us that 450 - Middy guits> in gfi'^ «T 1
*■ rr^r6 thls IS the best S c bar ? ail ) stylish combinations and >Lji/ 1
* Wt^ that you ever saw. Ladies co'lora, fine all-wool ma- '><^H7\ I
» U Oja in Kid Lace or Button Shoes terialg> silk sewn an >>^V^V *
i U \S —nsw Savoy or Opera toes— silk trimmed< sizes for / /N\ /T ) ♦
X I v!l patent leather tj P s ' sewed ages 3to 7 years— on /V • T ° ' k - x *
X If • \& sole 9. a dress re sale to-day only at \j •/ 6 I/j *
* (\^ X& liable walking boot; . Vj^-SrrW 7 '/ *
& Va=*o© that would be a dtk^% gy H^ T 7/ // *
» l^^v^. grand value at $2; a &£& A \ *
* V xgj^u special Frid^v onl.- * ' //\ *
* $1.23 -These are regular rH T"^ J
* goods, perfect in cv- 1/ L ♦
* Urj> reepect, our jjj7 *
X Outintt Splendid bargains inlguarantee behind (j) «.
*' _. - - Goods Jor every suit; offered ♦
* raHi*IGS pridav only. as a leader to-day only to call at- *
» Tnis season's production in best grade tetltion to OUr prosperous Clothing «
* Percales, from the mills of the Merrimac Department. %
* Co. — a guarantee of cloth and colorings J
* —all 35 inches wide; nothing more useful . J
5 for waists, skirts or suits for young or
X old, in country or city; and to-day's price gmf% g% £SlS*m 7«5r» Fsf»lt*2 ♦
iof these 12 c ; goods is but 7 /2 C & UC > r.Z* '** XV» *
I Special To-Day 38c «
* ~" 20 dozen Belts, this season's newest
t ir% i#J^"--«» n-ffarc i-'i l conceits, in fancy leathers, dog-collar <■■
J CrOCKery U ti er * .^ effects, velvet and steel, silk and velvet, «
* #* AM «>.« #*mam^ Z° ods P ccla /s ieweled leathers and other styles, belts *
fr Utep<*r*mi£MW% for Friday. that have always been 50c. 65c and 75c— *
* i^™ 3^*^ China Spoon Hoid " <m sale to-day, Friday, on 380 *
? c *"~ T ~"""*1 era with'flowerdec- <
»' fe-3 fT^ orations and gold «
* v- •/ &-~^ edge; regularly jr>- . "#
IV A I t&gTj^ each te " day only' Cabinet Half Pnce *
* \r 1 w^i Ci«VGI«BW.®e i ;i r> ~llfeS To-Day (Friday). 1
* T( %^^^r/ Cloar <;lass Water r r *"" C 9
*» (i \'s%; : / Goblets, with three Pretty Cabinet Frames, with mats ifl J.
* «^i*^^ yy/] i\ frosted bands; reg- 1 assorted colors, bound with glass, em-
'? «— rs*' c «-4ii^ !> i^ ularly 85c dozen bossed gilt corners, ease-back, regular! v <
ik "special for to-day only ;each) 4c'6sc each — special to-day only 330 ■«»
Ik
*
Munyon's Inhaler
a#
is a Positive Cure for Catarrh,
Asthma, Bronehits and All
Throat and Lung Diseases.
Clouds of medical- •'«£§?*"-*
ed vapcr are mhaei jr,'jS2feffi^ < l-
through the mouth SmlilPfe*/
and emitted from the -^Xt \j,
nostrils, having
cleansed and vapor- 3 t *T&k3f£> ■
ized all the diseased u==^ S *^^" Jr '
parts. A sense of re- L a**=° "38^
lief is felt at once. A * "^H^"^^
cure is certain. Doc- '^£v&~~~^
tors indorse it /^k
At all druggists or
miiled to any address. Price $1.00, with
everything complete.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505 Arch
street. Philadelphia. Pa., answered with free
medical advice for any disease.
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS
Cape Nome, Golovin,
St. . Michael, .
Dawson,
AND ALL, POINTS ON
YUKON RIVER.
The Elegant Commodious
S. S. CHAS. NELSON
ANDERSON, Master.
Sailing on TUtSDAY, June 20th,
at 4 p. m., from Mission-st.
Wharf No. 1.
For passage and rates of freight apply to
THE ALASKA EXPLORATION
COMPANY
139 POST ST., S. F.
SKIN,- SCALP, /^
COMPLEXION. j*a*4]
Itching, burning. Irritated skin, jjjjg\ jf/
scaly, crusted scalps, falling hair TSSy^ £?
and dandruff and blemished com- * ri« —^
plexlons Instantly relieved and restored to a
healthy, natural condition by the daily use of
WOODBURY'S Facial Soap and Facial Cream.
They are strictly antiseptic, healing and puri-
fying- Sold everywhere.
H,?i x VITALIS
f**^)s«^' UTli /SS&t' THE NEW
BTlir 10th Day. «±m -'^L If rnCnUniQ
YITAUS " D > ••>*• M pcufnv
PKOniTls THF. ABUTX 30th Day. tltfil \LV Oil
BKBCITB. It quickly ft surely removes NtrTOusne«a, Imi.c'ency
Nuhlly Emission*, Evil Dream, Wutin>> Diirasn an.l all r«ects
of self -abus? or exess and mdiv •• " -stores Vitilitv
Power and Failing Mrmory. W.^^^^j"nd (•on,*^
Hon. Cures when all ethers fall SHaVn; VITAL! •<
no other. Htl he carried in tht , -. •By mail #1 Oil
per P»ek»rc ;or six for $s.O<> with a guar.nfee to Cure or
Krtiin-I the Money, Circular Free Addrws ■
•iAUMF.I tlKt CO., 884 ill urborn St., Chicago
" Sold by Owl Drusr Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Uryan (two stores). <" rant Drug Co.. in
Oakland by Owl Drug. Co.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
For the cure of Gonorrhoea. Gleets. Strictures
and analogous complaints of the Organs of
Generation.' ■
Price $1 a bottle. For »ale by druggists.
Wiilifs Man Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of person*
who have used them for forty years to cur»
6ICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTI-
PATION. Torpid . Liver. Weak Stomach. PUa-
pie* and purify tb* blood.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE WEEKLY CALL
~—
of It Publishes the Cream a! th»
News of the Week an<l
erf MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
otj ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
OC PAPER ON THE
Tl ; ' »- PACIFIC COAST
OC i
eJ V / ""
~J The Best X / Mining
°> Telegraphic >v>^ News That
°\ Service oa /\. Is Accurate
oC The Coast S \& up to data
o< j / X, __
°\ — —
o{ Not a Line of It Sensational
o ' or Faky, and Not a Line of
2 It Dry or Uninteresting.
Enlarged to 16 Pages. $1 per Year
0000000000000000 o o
§ T * E PALACE *«•?
%GRAND HOTE^ S %
*f BAN FRANCISCO.
" Cbonected by a covered pitiimimy. "
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo mi h Bath Attached. *•
O All Under On* Management. Q
0 HOTS THE PBICSB: O
0 European Plan. ft.oo per day and npw&rtl O
« American Plan. $3.00 per day .and upward A
w Correspondence Solicited. w
0 JOHN 0. EIBKFATBIOE. Kutpr. O
oooooooooooooooooa
DR.MCOTLTY.
WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
— Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood Din-
eases oi Men only. Book on Private Diseases »nd
Weaknesses of Jlec.free. Over 20 y'r»' experience.
Patients mired sir Home. Terms reasonable. Ho»rs9
to 3 dully ;8.30 to 8:;« ev'fTF. Snndavs, into 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. I. nr address
P. nOSCOE 3lc\l'liTY. H.D.
86^; Kearny St., Kan Francisco. CaL
PIERCES 1
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER.LUNGS; j
v^&QS&St&HBS niK "1" non -poisoner*
*< y J^f9£r~^* l *%bai/i remedy for UonorrhfHa.
i r CFUEb«| < ; lrt-t, Sfnm«inrrli(n,
RBEJ in 1 iosd»7B.Yja Whiten, unnatural jig.
BfjSg Gcar»ni«-'i \|| rhargos, or any inflamma-
M^n ■"" to stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
4|Pr;Tent» coo'.agioa. ticn of Bacon: ninm-
IT?I»THEEvANSCHEMTHna branes Non-astringent.
%fIH.CINCINNATI,O K£l Sold hy i»raßJC<sl.-4.
WIB\ c"■ a ?rT*^ nr sf ' rit ' ' flam Tapper,
i'toßL ' JdgPtioi b 7 express, prepaid, tol
"^SUHRSteSSR^H If l -'* 1 or 3 bottlos, *2.76.
(^ c-J
• MARKET ST. Sf.^^y
IA/. X. HESS.
' KOTABr ?nBLI3 AND ATTOBNEt-Ar LAW,
Tenth jb'loor. Koom 1015, Ciaus tipreckels U. ig.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California bt.. below Powell.
San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health anj
•txengta to »«xual organ*. Depot, iZi y*rlut.
56
FRIDAY .....JUNE 16, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISSS.
i'.DITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 22! Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1K74.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Blnglc Copies, 5 cents.
Terms by sib.il. Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (Including S-inday Call), one year.... $«t.OO
DAILY CALL (ir.rhidtnß Sunday Call). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). S months 3 .50
DAILY CALL— By Single Mo'r.th B5«
Bt'XDAT CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, On- Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive subscription*.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C. CEO. KROGNEBS, Advertising Representative.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
rf-Astor Hotel; A. Bn»ntano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Phenr.an House; p. • '. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
fYcmoiit House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay.
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, ODen until
930 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh i
street, open until 9 o'clock !505 Polk street, open
until 9:70 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
c Bllfornlm— "The Turtle."
"The Liars."
H ■■■.■• "El Capitaa."
\ ille.
t • >rfmnnlf6."
V.r. >-ne Ar.cot."
Ball."
. • ■ -Vaudeville every afternoon
■ Mac 1 and Ellis streets— Specialties.
ilarket street, near Eighth— Bat-
-1 Bay.
- m ilng lin>-es. etc.
THE BOARD OF HEALTH.
* I "HE degradation of local politics, through the in
■ iiuencc of Dan local politics, through the is
[ Dan Burns and W. F. Hcrrin. is
* well illustrated by the temporary deadlock in the
Board of Health over the choice of a secretary.
Tested even by the low boss standard, but for the fact
of its existence the candidacy of Leon Deanery would
be inconceivable. How the Burns-Herrin lash, or
dinarily swung and cracked under the dictation of
the railroad monopoly, should be tolerated even for a
moment by the gentlemen who compose the Board of
Health, particularly when it is raised to drive Leon
Dennery into their camp, is beyond ordinary compre
■n.
These gentlemen, to whatever influences they may
owe their' selection, are nevertheless of fair profes
sional and social standing. It is hardly possible that
they or their personal or political friends can have
justly estimated the position they would occupy
toward the community if they yielded to the pressure
of Dnn Burns and Herrin and elected a man of no
toriously infamous character and habits to the office
r f their secretary. It is not too much, to say that
there is scarcely a respectable family in San Fran
ci>co by whom Leon Dennery would be recognized,
and that the mere fact that Dan Burns and Herrin
propose to pay an infamous price for cortupt legisla
tive services by forcing him into a responsible posi
tion i« a chmning characterization of the railroad
candidate for a Federal Senatqrship. There are,
how( degrees even in viciousness, and Leon Den
m-ry would turn the stomach of every, municipal boss
v.c have had — except Dan Burns'.
The Call appeals to the members of the Board of
Health, collectively and individually, to spurn this in
tolerable assault upon their vii manhood. Dr. Barbat
is. the physician of Dan Burns and doubtless owes his
appointment to that fact. ' But the evidence i- that he
i- a great deal better than his patient. ' Dr. Payne was
the choice of Major McLaughlin, chairman of the Re
publican State Central Committee. Dr. Keeney is a
relative of William Alvord, president of the Bank of
California and of the Police Commission, a gentle
man who for many years has been identified with the
solid financial interests and with the best society oi
Sp.n Francisco. Dr. Coffey is the surgeon to the
Marl Street Railway Company, and, although the
particular choice of William F. Herrin, has been de
servedly esteemed [or his professional and social
merits. Is there any one of these gentlemen who
would voluntarily take Leon Dennery by the hand or
permit him even to stand where he could be seen by
members of his own family? This is a fair test. No
moral pariah, whose conduct has been so indescrib
able that it has necessarily escaped newspaper pub
licity, and whose mere presence in a respectable home
would be unendurable, should even have been men
tioned as a candidate for an official position, and.
when impudently obtruded, the door should have been
hanged in his face without hesitation and without de
lay. Scorn and contempt are the only words that
fairly express the manner in which this demand of
Dan Burns and W. F. Herrin, at any rate, should
have been received.
The attitude of the Board of Health at the best has
been bad enough. In the public mind it represents
the railroad despotism as administered in State ap
pointments by Dan Burns, Herrin and Governor
Gage. Its independence has been handicapped by
the sources from which it emanated. Its appoint
ments already made to a great degree have ignored the
tests which should be and under civil service rules
would be applied to State and municipal employes.
There is every indication that in changes yet to be
made, in institutions from which political influence
should be completely withdrawn, the public interests
will be officially disregarded.
All these evidences of political degeneracy are hu
miliating. But the selection of Leon Dennery, es
pecially after the preliminary strategy now so appar
ent, would be "the last straw that would break the
camel's back." The patience of the people is not ab
solutely unlimited.
Professor Stark, he it understood, is a vir
. not a dilettante on the violin. When he fiddles
For keeps, and needs lots of elbow-room.
Tailors receiving orders from him for dress coats will
please take notice and cut their cloth accordingly.
It's all in the point of view. President Loubet. when
informed of the sentence passed upon Baron de CJins
tiani. said, "The four years will quickly pass." The
Baron has not been interviewed.
Richard Croker is scheming to buy the Lakes of
Killarney for Tammany Hall. It was generally' sup
posed that Tammany Hall had property enough in
owning New York. ,
MAYOR PHELAN BUNKOED.
ON' April 3, 1899, the Board of Supervisors fixed \
the gas rate to consumers at $i 10 per thou
sand feet. For this action no credit whatever
was due to the majority of the board. It was the
usual notice issued by a new ring that had not been
' recognized by the corporations with sufficient prompt
ness, and everybody understood what it meant. There
was, however, a respectable minority in the board.
1 and Mayor Phelan seemed inclined to avail himself of
;an opportunity to render a public service. The ring
was speedily anxious to repent of its simulated
I righteousness, and to prove the sincerity of its re-.
1 pentance by conceding to the gas monopoly all it
: claimed. But. in respect to this matter, as in the case
i of the attempted robbery by the Market Street Rail
way Company, the Mayor and the minority presented
j a front that appeared to be bold and compact.
Mayor Phelan claimed that, having once been es
; tablished, the gas rate for a year was beyond recon
! sideration. and. therefore, that the $i 10 figure would
stand. The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany brought an action against Major W. B. Hooper
I cf the Occidental Hotel in order to test this question,
! which is now under consideration before Judge Sea
i well. That corporation and the Pacific Gas Improve
! rrent Company did not in other respects sleep upon
their assumed rights, but, ignoring the new rate,
' pressed their bills at the old figures before the regret
, ful and complacent majority of the board, determined
' to prove that when they did one thing honest upon
its face for their constituents they did not mean it.
At last, through a fortuitous concurrence of events,
when the Mayor was certainly prompt in seizing a
■favorable opportunity, the board adjourned sine die,
I Jind it was supposed that no legal meeting before the
! first Monday in July was possible without his affirma
tive sanction. That at least was his pronounced
i opinion of the law, alter consultation with his attor
ney. The Call doubted the soundness of this conclu
sion, but it was not the Mayor's legal adviser. On Mon
ilay last the majority of the board were determined to
hold a meeting. The Call suggested and the minority j
felt that their absence might prove injurious to the
! public business. Negotiations with the Mayor and
; the minority were rapidly pushed by the gas mon
: opoly, through its astute attorneys, and a compromise
effected, in which Mr. Phelan bore the con
; spicuous part, by which, after July I, the price of gas
I to consumers is to be placed at $i 50 instead of $1 75
i per thousand feet. 40 cents per thousand more than j
the rate prescribed on April .}. and. with the highest
margin for profit that would have even a semblance
of decency. 15 cents per thousand more than the com-
I modity is worth. There were other slight conces
sions', and. at Mr. Phelan's suggestion, in order to
1 clinch the matter beyond the possibility of retrac
tion, the settlement was reduced to writing and for
mally adopted by the board. Thus a protracted and
a successful fight was yielded by the temporary vic
tors, and a moderate sized briek — which is lead and
not cold — accepted by Mayor Phelan and the minor
ity of the Board of Supervisor:". It i- claimed by Mr.
Phelan and the Examiner that a saving to the com
munity of 5.u0.000 per annum has been secured, and
that the validity or the invali : *y of the $1 10 rate is
not influenced by the compro; ; >e. This proposition
appears to be of very questionable accuracy. In the
case before Judge Seawell the settlement has already
been offered in evidence and its admissibility strongly
argued. There is at least some prospect that it will j
nullify the order upon which Major Hooper depends, j
Put, whether it accomplishes this purpose or not, it
i^ a complete backdown from the uncompromising at
titude Mr. Phelan had assumed and which he was re
lied upon to maintain, and most likely it has already
cost in money a larger amount than the whole un
satisfactory reduction for a year would aggregate.
On April .?. 1890. when the $r 10 rate was fixed.
f;ns stock opened in the Stock Exchange at $76 per
. share. The following morning it dropped to $71 50,
! and it continued to fall until June 5. when it reached
its lowest point of $60 25. It has now advanced to
?75, or within Si of the price first stated. Let Mr.
I Phelan study the transactions in this. stock in which
many citizens in moderate circumstances have in
vested, and he may find that both himself and the
Examiner have crowed too soon. Relying on the
In ild and apparently consistent stand he took for the
public good, and believing that there would be no
>üb>tantial change in his position and that he held the
power in his own hands, investors in gas stock have
undoubtedly become alarmed and sold out at re
duced prices, and now they find the full value has been
restored and that their loss, which means speculative
gain, is irreparable, while Mr. Phelan and the Ex-
I aminer brag day by day of a settlement that was ac
tually dictated by the gas monopoly and played di
rectly into its hands.
It is unfortunate for a municipality when its chief
officer has his judgment perpetually clouded and his
determination constantly weakened by his aspirations
for re-election and for the gratification of his per
sonal ambition. This is the situation occupied by Mr.
Phelan. It reminds us of the Scandinavian ape. when
the Xorse pods, at their annual festival, used to send
Thor after a caldron in which to heat savory messes,
and he invariably returned with the pot on his head,
like a huge hat. an<] its ears reaching down to his
heels. Mr. Phelan has got back from his raid upon
the gas monopoly with his head entirely covered by
the stopper it placed upon him.
THE TARIFF AND THE TRUSTS.
HENRY O. HAVEMEYER, president of the
American Sugar Refining Company, has evi
dently become so panic stricken by the Bryan
ite attack on trusts that he is willing to say or do almost
anything to turn the attack in another direction. In
! his evidence given before the Industrial Commission
on Wednesday he sought to give a new turn to
j demagogue clamor by denouncing the protective
1 tariff and picturing that as a scheme by which the
people are plundered.
It goes without saying that Mr. Havemeyer's words
1 will be warmly and eagerly taken up by the dema
gogues of the press and. of the stump. The orators
and the editors who but a short time ago coupled his
name with that of Rockefeller as frightful examples
! of the plutocracy of trusts will now begin to laud him
| as a Daniel come to judgment, and every sentence of
! his testimony will be quoted with as much reverence
jas if it were a gospel text. Havemeyer will be an
i authority for the Bryanites, and. while they denounce
I every other millionaire in sight, they will except him,
! along with the owners of silver mines, because of his
; contribution to their campaign of discontent.
There is nothing new in the Havemeyer statements.
' The charge that trusts are an outgrowth of protection
'is an old one. Cleveland made it in his famous phrase
; about the "communism of pelf," and it was made by
i other free-traders before him. It was, in fact, one of
the arguments used against the protective tariff with
; most persistence and clamor in the campaign that re
i suited in the election of Cleveland for #is second
! term. The people then set aside the protective sys
! tern, and did thereby injure the trusts, but at the
! same time they injured every other American industry
j as well, and brought about a financial depression and
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 16. 1899.
industrial paralysis from which we did not begin to
recover until protection was restored.
It is to be noted that while Havemeyer asserts that
protection is in the interests of trusts generally, he
was careful to repeat more than once that his company
derives no benefit from the tariff whatever. All other
trusts may be spoliators of the public through the
means afforded by protection, but not his, * It thus ap
pears from his own statement that the only trust of
whose business he is at all- competent to speak is one
that was not built up by the protective system, nor
is maintained by that system, nor is in any way de
pendent upon it. .
The argument that protection is of advantage to
trusts has in it this much of truth: Protection is de
signed to promote and to benefit all American indus
tries, and so far as trusts represent those industries they
are benefited. They are not, however, the creatures
of protection. They exist in Great Britain under free
trade as abundantly as in this country. There are, in
deed, good reasons for believing there would be a
greater number of industries dominated by trusts in
the United States under free trade than under pro
tection, because free trade would break down and de
stroy in all lines of industry many of the smaller es
tablishments now competing with the trusts.
The Havemeyer evidence, therefore, while making
a pretty good campaign document for v the Bryanites,
is not likely to help their cause to any great extent.
It deals with a subject long since threshed out, and
adds to it only a lot more chaff not worth rethreshing.
THE SUPPLY OF GOLD.
THE advocates of free silver and irredeemable
paper inflation have seized eagerly upon the
dicta of Mr. Roberts, Director oi the Mint, in
connection with the increasing supply of gold.
In the February Forum Mr. Roberts showed that i
the output of gold, which in 1890 was $118,848,700, in
1898 was $285,000,000. He ascribes advance in prices
tj this increase in the volume of the metal as poten
tial money. His statement is: "Much has been written
in recent years by gold standard advocates against the
quantitative theory of money. In so far as their ar- J
guments have gone to show that the quantity of I
money in circulation is but one element in prices, and
is usually so obscured by other influences that it can
be scarcely traced, they are good, but I do not see
how it can be questioned that the quantity of gold
available in the world affects its exchangerelations to
other commodities."
The Chronicle highly approves this and girds at j
the gold standard men, using the quantitative theory !
of money as a weapon. It points to the rise in prices i
as proof that the bimetallism free silver theory was j
right. The quantitative theory has some warrant in j
the conclusions of John Locke, but its modern ad
vecates have chosen to leave out of the problem the
exchange value of other products to each other, ex
cluding money which is merely the medium that
effects the exchange.
In iB6O wheat was $1 54 a bushel and cotton was
ioI-J cents a pound, while the money in this country
was $13 85 per capita. Our money now is about $27
per capita. The quantity has doubled, but the same
issue of the Chronicle quotes in its market report
wheat at 75 cents and cotton at 3 cents. If the quan
titative theory of money be good, wheat and cotton
should be double the price of iB6O. From 1827 to
1847 wheat ranged above $1 per bushel, and in the
latter year it was $1 42. It did not reach the latter
price, nor pass it. again until 1854, when it rose to
$4 25, and the next year to $2 46. but fell in 1856
to $r 83. This was after the discovery of gold in
California and Australia, and their great additions to
the volume of that metal. But in 1836 wheat was
$1 80, and in 1837 $r 85, and it did not reach those
prices again after 1855. The reason for the rise and
fall in prices must be sought elsewhere than in the
quantitative theory of money. If it held good not
wheat alone but all prices would rise and fall evenly
with the fluctuation in the volume of money, but they
do not.
A far more darling theory held by the double stan
dard advocates and by the Chronicle when it was
abroad in the land supporting 16 to i was that there
was an indissoluble relation between the price of wheat
and that of silver. Rut in 1840 wheat was $^ 09 when
silver was $1 .V. and in 1892 wheat was $1 03 when
silver was 87 cents.
If prices fluctuated evenly with the quantity of ;
money or the value of silver, the inflationists would j
prove their argument by simply stating it, but they ■
dc not
There are other factors in the problem. High
wheat is usually associated with low wool and cotton.
This fact has its root in the simple, primitive needs of
man. Food is his first necessity, clothing is second
ary. When wheat is high he fills his belly at the ex
pense of his back. The demand for clothing fabrics
declines because earnings are absorbed in getting
food. When food is cheap money can be spared for
clothing. A cross current, again, affects these con
ditions. As science is applied to production, and
economies in it appear as the result of human intelli
gence, it increases, and the supply and demand get
nearer neck and neck.
The cotton pin effected economy in that fiber. A
machine to husk corn would cheapen the production
of that cereal.
The qualitative philosophers never cease to attack
the gold standard men for conclusions which they
claim are not based cm sufficient data, but at the same
time they cancel all data that may affect their own
pet theory and ascribe to it a wide range of material,
moral and economic results, to which it has no more
relation than a polar bear sucking his paws under the
Arctic Circle has to the price of milk in Marin
County.
Colonel William J. Bryan of Nebraska did not do
any fighting in the war, but he is getting in his work
now. In a recent speech he declared that the man
who antagonizes trusts is quite as brave as the man
who swims a river or climbs a hill. He must have
had Bryan, Funston and Roosevelt in mind when he
said that.
It is said that the Standard Oil Company is to be
reorganized to conform to the demands of public sen
timent. The officers of the great trust are probably
aware that reorganization on such lines would mean
self-destruction to them.
Young Daniel Maloney does not seem to be cut
out for an aeronaut. He has a soaring soul, but his
body clings to earth, JoTiwhich reason he is now
nursing some bruises and a. broken rib.
"Oom" Paul i? a peaceful man. He has announced
to the Raad that he does not want war, and stands
prepared to lick the man who forces it on him.
The spectacle of the Tammany tiger making ready
to slake his thirst in the Lakes of Killarney must give
the British lion a severe pain.
French Ministers in these troublous times are like
overripe peaches— ready for a fall. ,
Comedian de Wolf Hopper announces his intention
of marrying again. And that's no joke.
HERR STARK SCORES
A PARTIAL VICTORY
HERR FERDINAND STARK, has won a victory over his tailors,
Messrs. Bernard & Leper— not an absolute' victory, but just a nice, com
fortable victory that absolves him from loosening UP flfty-flve large,
ripe dollars for a misfit dress suit and at the same time sticks him for
$2 50 for putting in a new foundation in the basement of a pair of trousers and
about $9 costs of court.
Justice of the Peace Barry rendered his decision yesterday afternoon m
the suit brought by Bernard & Leger against the professor to recover 500.
the price of a dress suit, and $2 50 for repairs. The case came up for trial
on Wednesday, at which time Professor Stark demonstrated, evidently to
the entire satisfaction of the court, that the clothes he was asked to pay for
did not envelop his figure with that nicety that a decollete waistcoat and
swallow-tail coat should, despite the expert testimony to the contrary, toi
yesterday his Honor decided that Herr Stark need not pay for the suit but
that the other charge of $2 50 was just and proper and would have to be paid.
This decision carries costs, so the professor will find his- debut in court not
an unqualified success.
SEX-SHIFTING
and
GAG -STEALING
ASHTON STEVENS Chjats
flbout a Female Imperson
ator and a Clever but Ap
propriating Monologist.
THE female impersonator is not
the noblest work of God. Ha is
a disease at best, and on the
surface of me his epicene antics
induce gooseflesh. This may be a
prejudice of mine, but it is pretty gen
eral among healthy men. There was a
time when the stage had to get along
with, these sexless mysteries, but that
time has passed. What was good
enough for William Shakespeare in the
days when women had not found their
stage legs is not good enough for us.
Women almost dominate the stage to
day, and we do not regret it.
All this apropos of Tacianu, the male
lady who is warbling at the Orpheum.
Tacianu is not only a ripe soprano, but
a bouncing barytone as well. He sings
duets with himself, and, to be fair, does
the feat very neatly. But he wears
skirts and silk stockings, and wobbles
his pectoral embonpoint at the audi
ence, and gives me the creeps. I can't
praise him — nor much of the rest of
the bill for that matter.
I pride myself on being one of the
most confirmed Orpheum-goers in the
town. The week doesn't pass that does
not count me among those present.
From the Orpheum I have learned to
Khow what good vaudeville really is.
But I haven't found much of it there
these last two weeks. Henri French,
the bicycle fiend, is a first-rate portion;
and so is Houdini, the handcuff thwart -
er and gambler's envy; but the others
are not front rank. And the Orpheum has
spoiled us into expecting little short of
the foremost. The Orpheum is. as I
have often said in this paper, the best
variety house, week in and week out,
in the country. But this is a week
out.
The only one of the four new turns
that is at all Orpheum-like is con
tributed by Fred Nlblo, a monologist.
Mr. Niblo wears a smart frock coat and
human trousers; his manner is gentle
and altogether he is something quite
different. But this difference is purely
personal. His specialty consists In tell
ing other fellows' paps and stories. But
he thieves quite amiably. Only I wish
he wouldn't sing. Some men with a
no-vnioe are very funny. Mr. Niblo is
merely foolish. «Btlll, as he says:
Sometimes I think I'm silly,
Somftimps T think 1 m funny;
But 1 wouldn't be so silly
If I didn't need the money.
BUNKER HILL DAY.
Committees Complete Arrangements
for the Celebration on Sat
urday.
The Bunker Hill day celebration mm
mlttee came together Wednesday evening
at Pioneer Hall to complete arrangements
for the big celebration at Sunset Park to
morrow.
Colonel Hubbard, chairman of tht> pro
gramme committee, reported the follow
ing as a list of the day's amusements, to
take place at the pavilion at 1 o'clock:
Overture; medley of patriotic airs;
prayer by the chaplain, Rev. T. J.
l>acey: opening remarks by William
G. Badger, president of the day; song,
"Sword of Bunker Hill." Robert THIII
-rnn; oration, Hon. Frank McGowan;
song, "Star-spangled Banner." Millie
Flynn; poem of the day. Charles S.
Greene; "The Marseillaise," Adelaide
Roddy; address by Joaquin Miller;
"America" by the audience.
The chairman of the gamps committee,
Robert Collier, reported that he had ar
ranged for nineteen games, with first and
second prizes for each event.
Mayor Phelan and Mayor Snow of Oak
land will address the citizens of the two
cities with a view to having the American
fi;ii.' blowing from every housetop on
Bunker Hill day. and the individual mem
bers of the association will spend their
time between now and Saturday in a like
endeavor.
CAKE-WALK CARNIVAL.
Grotesque, National and All Kinds of
Fancy Steps for a Week.
An attraction that will soon strike San
Francisco is a carnival of cake-walking,
fancy dancing and amateur perform
ances, which will be held in the Mechan
ics' Pavilion, commencing Saturday even
ing, July 15, and continuing for one
week (Sunday excepted). closing July 22.
Several business met* of the city, with
Louis W. Buckley, who conducted the i
Irish fair for the Celtic Union, and was |
one of the managers of the Golden Jubilee j
Mining Fair, will undertake this latest
venture. They wiir also tender a portion
of the gate receipts, from the sale of all !
tickets, to a "California soldier and saflor
boy's fund."
There will be an international diamond
badge championship cako-walk, and it Is
expected that cake-walkers of all nation- >
alities will participate. There will be one
contest for the California State cham
pionship, two handsome gold medals, be
ing offered as prizes. In all of these
contests the winners will receive individ
ual medals. There will be a championship
contest for San Francisco, and a contest !
of San Francisco vs. Oakland cake
warikers. Grotesque walks and vaudeville ■
will be another feature of the show.
Officers Elected.
Court Magnolia No. 29, Foresters of America,
haR elected the following named to serve aa
Its officers for the ensuing term: A. L. Fried
man, chief ranger; J. Anthony, sub chief
raiMir: Mark Lafee, senior A. C.
l£Pski, Junior woodward; S. Leventhat, senior
beadle; S. Hartman, junior beadle; M. Bloom,
recording secretary; F. \V. Clarke, tinancial
secretary, and Dr. C. L. Scharft, trustee for
unexplred term.
La Estrella I'nrlor. Native Daughters of the
Golden West, has elected the following officers
for the ensuing term of six months: Mrs. L.
Oltman, president; Miss Jolia Vasselln. Mm!
Knima Thierbach. Dr. Llllle Boldemann, vice
presidents; Miss Alice Maunder, recording sec
retary; Miss A. Boldemann, financial secre
tary; Mrs' i". Boldemann, treasurer; Mrs. J
Sioward, marshal; Mrs. R.. P. Gale. Miss M.
Leslie and Miss T. Rothman, trustees. Miss
Carrie Fenstermacher will become past presi
dent.
The next past president of Alta Parlor of
the Native Daughters of the Golden West will
l»e Mra. S. Brackett, as she will be succeeded
by f Miss Mamie Richter. who has been elected
president for the next term. The other ogicers
chosen are Miss,. Mabel Miller, Miss Mollle
McCarthy and Miss H. Brown, vice presidents, I
Miss C. Faulkner, recording secretary. Miss
M. Jvoonan, financial secretary; Mrs. Inge l ■
Faure, treasurer; Mrs. E. Fraser. marshal . ,
Mrs. J. S. Noonan. inside sentinel; Mrs. M.
Napthaly, outside sentinel; Miss L. Brackett.
organist; Miss M. Crowley, Mrs. G. Bosse an.l j
Miss 11. Farren, trustees. . ' • • i
Rincon Parlor, Native Son's of the Golden
West, will have . the following named as its ,
officers for the ensuing term: W. A. FeaKe, |
president; P. F. Mertes, George W. Korts and.
Charles Clancy, vice presidents; L. K. Hagcn
kamp, recording secretary; \\ . fc.- i-oiej,
financial secretary; T. H. Vivian, treasurer.
A. J. Roca, marshal; R. D. Barnett and C. F.
Dakin, trustees. -»,.,•»» '■■
Althomas Tribe, Improved Order of Red Men,
has elected the following officers for the en- |
suing term: F. G. Thornton, sachem; \. IF. :
N'r.rthrup, senior sagamore; A. A. Perrin,
junior sagamore; J. H. Hutaff, prophet; A. 1,.
Holder, chief of records; J. Hansen, keeper or
wampum; H. G. Kenny, organist.
SAILING VESSELS MUST
UNDERGO INSPECTION
NO MORE ROTTEN COFFINS TO
GO TO SEA.
Masters and Mates Mt*st Stand an
Examination as to Their Com
petency to Handle Ships.
Only two weeks more remain for the in
spection of sailing vessels of more than
700 tons gross, and all other vessels and
barges of more than 100 tons gross carry
ing pasengers for hire. On and after July
1 of this year all vessels of the classes
mentioned must have been examined by
the local Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers,
otherwise they will not be allowed to sail.
The masters and chief mates of such ves
sels must be duly licensed as such' by ihe
inspectors.
Although Inspectors Bolles and Bulge- j
have been ready at all times since Ma;' 1 j
to inspect sailing vessels, their services i
were not sought until last Wednesday, ;
when they inspected and pave certificates :
to the masters of two small schooners.
Certified copies of certificates of inspec
tion for steam and sailing vessels and
bargee are issued by deputy collectors ot
Customs and must be kept exposed under ■
glass on board the vessel where they can 1
be seen by passengers and all others con- {
cerned. Failure to have such certificate ■
■will subject the owner of the vessel to a I
penalty of $500.
The new law also requires that masters j
and chief mates of such vessels shall be
examined and licensed by the local in- |
ppectors of steam vessels to entitle them i
to act in the capacity named, and it is ;
niadt unlawful to employ any unlicensed j
person, or for any unlicensed person to j
serve as master or chief mate of said ves
sels under a penalty of $100 for each of- j
fense. Masters and thief mates who have
actually served as such on sailing vessels
of more than 700 tons gross for the full ,
period of one year preceding the appllca- \
tion may be duly licensed upon satisfac- j
tory documentary evidence to that effect, j
provided such officers shall be found upon j
examination to be free from color blind- ;
ness. Applicants who have had no pie- j
vious service as master or mate except
upon inland waters must be duly exam
ined in navigation the same as required ;
for masters and mates of steam vessels, j
such examinations to he in writing, and ,
the applicants must be free from color |
blindness.
No person shall be examined as mast'?'- ;
who has not served a full year as chief j
mate of said vessels, and no person shall
be examined as chief mate of said vessi -
unless he can present satisfactory docu- j
mentary evidence that he has had at leas' I
three full years' experience on sailing ves
sels of 300 gross tons and upward.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
D. R. Cameron, a prominent attorney
of Hanford, is registered at the Lick.
J. A. Miller, a banker of Austin, Nev., i
is spending a few days at the Grand.
James Barnes Jr., a mine owner and j
export of Seattle, is stopping at the |
Grand.
J. F. Condon, a wealthy merchant of j
Verdi, Nev., was among yesterday's ar- j
rivals at the Grand.
J. D. Biddle, a wealthy banker of Han- j
ford, arrived in this city yesterday and |
is a guest at the Grand.
E. P. Vining. manager of the Market- ■
street Railway system, is spending a fort- !
night in the Yosemlte with his family.
J. J. Hebbron, a wealthy ranch owner
and manager of Salinas, is at the Grand.
Mr. Hebbron says that the outlook for a '
prosperous season was never brighter in !
the valley than at the present time. The
output of grain and sugar beets will be
larger than for years past.
. ♦ ■
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Irving M. Scott
of San Francisco is at the Holland: J. S.
Maxwell of San Diego is at the Cosmo
politan; B. J. Hoff acker of San Francisco
is at the Savoy.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, June 15.— McMullen
and Mrs. I. I«. and Miss May Kaster of
San Francisco are at the Raleigh. Wil
liam A. Berlong of San Francisco is at
Willard's Mrs. M. E. Cooper of 746 Mar
ket street, Mr. and Mrs. George E. Morse
and H. R. Cooper of San Francisco are
guests of the President at the White
House.
■ ♦ ■ _
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
BRITISH ESTATES— A. O. S., City.
There is a book known as Mart'indale'a
"Next of Kin" that deals with unclaimed
estates in England.
SENATOR PERKINS— R., Cottonwood,
Cal. The address of Senator George c'
Perkins is Oakland, Cal. His address iri
Washing-ton, D._C., is The Albany.
WRECK OF THE NEW YORK-A. B.
G.. City. The steamer that was wrecked
on the Marin County shore on the 2«th r,c
October. 1*93. almost opposite Port Point
was the City of New York *"olnt,
LOCOMOTIVES-A. S.Tcity. The latest
statistics show that, there are about 38 000
locomotives in the United States at this
time. Exact figures for the year 1597 show
36,080, as against 17,949 in 188».
TO PAY POLL TAX-J. T. B City
The law of California does not prescribe
any specified length of time that a man
shall be a "res.dent of San Francisco be
fore he is entitled to pay poll tax."
POSTMASTERS-J. L., Redding. Cal
Postmasters of the fourth class are paid
a salary of less than $1000, but not less
than $2uo. The salaries are readjusted
once in two years, and in readjusting
there is taken into consideration the
amount of box rent and other nosiii
revenue. v lIU
MORMONS-gT B. C.,~City. There are
no figures to show how many people there
are in the United States that embrace the
Mormon faith, and what are known at
"statistics" ia relation to such are only
cstimatps The estimates are: For the
Itat™ of Nevada, about 600; Idaho about
15 000; Wyoming,. about 1500; New Mexico,
about 600"; and Arizona, about .000.
COMMISSIONER FOOTE— A A. 8.,
Alameda. Cal. The name of W. Yl . Foote.
Commissioner from California to the
Pnri«i Vvnosition is pronounced as if
written Fut .with the v sounded as in
full or push. _i_j____
ENGINEERING - Marine Engineer,
City There are private schools in San
Francisco" where an individual can study
arithmetic In engineering, but this de
partment cannot give such the beneht of
a free advertisement.
BIG TREES— N., Dutch Flat. Cal. The
largest trees in the United States are the
sequoias of the Calavras and Mariposa
proves of California. The tallest of these
Was the Father of th e Forest, height iM
feet. The circumference of these trees is
from 31 to 94 feet.
IN THE NAVY— \V. H. M., City. In
the United States navy a coal passer can
become an oiler, water tender, machinist
of the second class, machinist of the urst
class and chief machinist. The pay or
c< al passer is $22. »iler $37, water tender
Ut), machinist second class $40, first class
$5.1, chief machinist $70.
HASTINGS COLLEGE OF LAW—
Student, San Jose, OaL To enter the
Hastings College of Law of the University
ol California the applicant must be at
least 18 years of age and must file with
the registrar a certificate of good moral
character and pass an examination in
prescribed studies. Further information,
may be had by addrepi-inK a communica
tion to the dean or registrar of the col
k-ge.
AMERICAN HALVES— B. EL, Berke
ley, Cal. A half-dollar of 1522 does not
command a premium. The selling price is
from 85 cents to $1 10; a half of 1536 com
mands a premium of from 75 cents to
$1 25 if it has not E Pluribus on the re
verse. Those with motto sell for 75 cents,
without for from $3 to $5.
MAKING A PURCHASE— C. J. X..
City. If you desire to purchase a busi
ness you should do so with the under
standing that you will either assume .the
responsibilities or not. If you purchase
without assuming the responsibilities of
the party from whom you purchase and
that fact appears in the bill of sale, you
would not be liable for the business debts
of that individual.
NOT DESERTION— Reader, City. In
time of war, if a soldier on post leave 3
his post, he is, if after that, captured,
liable to the severest penalty, according
to the articles of war, but if *»• should
leave his post to go to the front to en
gage in battle, that would not be con
sidered desertion. Still, he would be
liable for punishment lor leaving without
orders, but the fact that he went to the
front would be a matter in mitigation or
punishment.
WEDDING ATTlßE— Subscriber, Santa
Cruz, Cal. If by the question, "What is
the correct cut and style of clothes for a
gentleman for morning, afternoon or
evening wedding?" you mean the groom,
possibly the following is the best answer
that can be given: His dress should
searcelv differ from his ordinary day
dreas, and should on no account be too
Kay he should wear a dark morning coat,
light or white vest, light trousers and
liKht gloves; also a flower in the upper
button-hole of his CO
REVENUE LITTER SERVICE— G.
M., city. The commissioned officers of
the United States revenue cutter service
are appointed by the President, and they
are of the grade of captain first, second
and third lieutenant. To qualify for these
positions the applicants must adduce
competent proof of proficiency and skill
h; navigation and seamanship. The faec
retary may appoint to the service a limit
ed number of cadets, who at the time of
appointment shall not be less than 1^ nor
more than 25 years of age, to hold a grade
below .that of third lieutenant.
MISDEAL IN CRIB— S., City. The rule
as to misdeals in the game of crib is:
Should the dealer misdeal and not discov
er the error before either one of the
hands is taken up. his adversary is en
titled to mark up two points; and there
must also be a fresh deal, as there must
be, in fact, in every case of a misdeal. If,
during the deal, the non-dealer expose
any of the cards to view, the dealer has
the option of dealing again, w .aout, how
ever, being suffered to look at any of the
cards before demanding the fresh deal.
RAILWAY MAIL SERVICE— A. V..San
Jose, Cal. The age limit for those who
seek positions in the railway mail ser
vice is 18 to 33. An attempt to deceive as
to age. weight or height is sufficient to
bar indefinitely an applicant from a civil
service examination. The applicant must
not be below 5 feet 4, must not weight less
than 125. must be free from all physical
defects and must be free from affections
of hearing, seeing and speech. Applica
tion blanks can be obtained by communi
cating with the clerk of the commission
of the department in which the applicant
seeks a position.
EXPANSION AND CHEAP LABOR.
Why should -we pension the Sultan of
| Sulu, and yet try to deprive Aguinaldo
j and the Tagals, his followers, of the'r
i rights? The former are savages, while
I the latter are quite enlightened, and are
i far more able to carry on an organized
j government than are the Cubans, to
I whom we promised self-government. As
! Insurrectionists now, they must later be-
I come citizens, unless we stop in our fool
! hardy course, entering into a competition
; with our laborers, which is more to he
: dreaded by them than that of the Chl
j nese. As citizens of a common country,
! those who are now the loudest expan
! plonists are probably the very ones who
] can best use the cheap labor there, and
! under the constitution soil the products
of that lahor herein direct competition
j with the products of our labor.
The anti-expansionists believe no good
I can come to us as a people by the mas
• tery and annexation of the Philippines.
■ We do not wish 80 much good African
I blood spilled, the burden of taxation in
creased or an imperial army maintained
' for the purpose of annexing some unwill
ing far-away people, who can do us no
! good, except a few, and by exploitation.
;Wo believe the action contemplated to
■ dishonor our constitution to be essontial
■ ly criminal aggression, and that it will
■ lower our standard of labor. We think
1 the result can but lower our national
manhood, and that as lovers of our coun
: try we should do our best to discourage
thf-ss evils. — F. W. Moffitt, in the Chicago
: Journal.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Trunks, valises, traveling rolls, belts,
purses. Best goods, best values at San
born & Vails, 741 Market street. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Embezzlement Alleged.
Joseph Lauer, manager of the American
! Guitar and Zither Company, swore to a
I complaint in Judge Conlan's court yester
day for the arrest of R. C. Nelson, a col
lector, on the charge of misdemeanor em
bezzlement. It is alleged that Nelson has
; embezzled $7r>.
Official Route Christian Endeavor
Excursion to Detroit.
Leave San Francisco June 23th, 6 p. m., via
Central Pacific Railway; leave Ogden July Ist.
s;lo a. m., via Union Pacific Railway; arrive
Denver July 2d, 7:00 a. m. ; leave Denver July
3d, 1:40 p. m., via Union Pacific Railway: ar
ive Omaha July 4th, 6:30 a. m., visit exposi
tion; leave Omaha July 4th. 4:55 p. m., via
Chicago and Northwestern Railway; arrive
Chicago July sth, 7:45 a. m.; leave Chicago
July sth. 12:02 noon, via W abash Railway; ar
rive Detroit July f,th. 8:10 p. m. Round trip,
first class, $Sl. Limit for return July loth, with
privilege extension to August 15th for additional
50 cents. Kor reservations and further infor
mation address Gen. p. Lowell, Trans. M«r.
Cal. C. E., 1826 Eighth aye.. East Oakland, Cal.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the .child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and Is the best remedy for
IMarrhoea*. whether arising from teething or
other cause*. For 6ale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Snothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL, DEL CORONAPO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tlcl^pts. Now only $60 by
steamship, Including fifteen day«" board at
hotel; longer stay, $2 60 per day. Apply at ♦
New Montgomery street, San Francisco.MORE TROOPS
TO START FOR
THE PHILIPPINES
Five Transports Now
Getting Ready.
THEY WILL SAIL NEXT WEEK
SBOY STRIKES ON A ROCK
NEAR GREENWOOD.
Raft Adrift at Sea — Ship Stand
..id Purchased — Wonderful Rec
ord of the Mail Steamer
Alameda.
Two transports laden with soldiers and
•supplies will sail for Manila next week.
The Zealandla and Valencia are to get
away on the 22d, the Pennsylvania will
follow on the 23d and the Sheridan and
freight steamer "Wyefield will get away
about. June 24.
The Zealandia and Valencia will be-
v -'een them take the Twenty-fourth In
}: Lntry (colored). The headquarters and
L/and will go on the Zealandia, and up
there will be no crowding the voyage
fhould be a very pleasant one. The Va
lencia is ready to receive troops at any
time, and the Zeaiandia will be in shape
to-day. Yesterday she was towed to the
eugar refinery and coaled and this after
noon she will be back at her dock ready
fur business. Her berths for soldiers had
been taken out, as it was the intention
of the Oceanic Steamship Company to
Bend her to Honolulu In place of the Aus
tralia for a trip or, so, but it will not
take long to place the berths In place
again.
In order to make minor repairs, the
Australia has been ordered to leave Ho
nolulu fur San Francisco two days ahead
of her regular schedule time. That will
bring her into port about next Monday
morning. She will not leave - «.. >■> for
Honolulu until two days after her regu
lar sailing date, and in that time all the
necessary overhauling can be done.
The Pennsylvania was coaling yester
day. As soon as her bunkers shall have
been tilled she will begin loading sup
plies. She will carry a regiment 01 regu
lars and will follow the Zeaiandia and
Valencia to the seat of war.
The Sheridan will probably have all her
repairs, completed by next Tuesday. In
that event :-lie will sail promptly on the
24th inst. She will carry a few regulars
and nearly a thousand of the recruits
now stationed at the Presidio. The Wye
field will carry freight only. Yesterday
she was moved to the Government wharf
and will begin loading to-day. About SuOO.
tons of supplies for the fliers will go
down on the Wyeneld and about 5000 tons
more on the other transports, so there is
hm fear of provisions rum - short In the
Philippines.
The ste-amor Newsboy returned to port
yesterday in pretty: bad order. She had
an encounter with a rock -of! Greenwood
ii nd will have to go on- the drydock for
it-pairs. The Newsboy left here on the
l.'ith inst for 1 sal. . Captain Elk-fsen steer
ed a course that took him too close in
shore and off Greenwood the Newsboy
struck on a rock. She began to leak
badly and the donkey pump was started.
Robert Dollar, owner of the vessel, was a
passenger and he advised returning to
ban Francisco, so the vessel was headed
this way. She will go on the California
drydock this morning;
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
steamer Alamcda started on her sixtieth
round trip to Australia last Wednesday
night. There are few vessels afloat that
.an show such a record as she has. She
iv'-nt into commission in 1883 and since
then she has made twenty-rive round j
trips to [fonolulu and Is now on her six- i
tieth to Sydney. N. S. \\\. via Honolulu, j
Apia and Auckland. In all those years '
>hf has never had a breakdown and i
has never boon late with her mails.
Storm or calm she comes right along and
ands the mail bags in time to catch the
>verland. She is making better time, now j
than -• . uid ten years ago and her ma
chinery is as good now as the day it went
nto the vessel. Chief Engineer Little is
particularly proud of her record.
The Argentine training ship President?
Snrmiento will sail for Honolulu next
Monday: From Hawaii she will go to
Japan and the Philippines. Next Sunday
she will be open for inspection and visi
tors will hi carried from the Folsom
stre<n float In launches.
The tug Roscuo left for Grays Harbor
yesterday. She will bring the steamer
Aberdeen back with her. The Aberdeen
i= to have her engines and boilers put
in here.V
The steamer Noyo Is in from Fort
Urapg. She brought the barge Fort
I-tragg in tow. The barge is to be used
in the -grain trade on the Sacramento
River.
The American ship Standard ha? been
purchased by James Brown of this city
for $24>X). She Is now at Honolulu and
will load sugar for San Francisco.
' On June 13. at 7 p. m.. the tramp steam
er Carlisle City passed a raft :; " feet long
and 20 feet broad. This was In latitude
86 degrees 55 minutes north, longitude 124
decree? no minutes west. The captain re
f>orts that the raft had not been long
n the water. The chances are. that it is
a raft of logs adrift from some of the.
coast ports, as nnn<> such has been towed
on the coast of late.
Battered the Collector.
1,. W. Lovey, business manager of the i
Star, swore to a complaint in Judge Con- |
la n's court yesterday for the arrest of ;
James Costif?a.n. grain broker. 303 Califor
nia street, on a charge of battery. Lovey '
<-nlled upon Costlgan Wedn^day to col- .
ifot a bill and Co^tigan repudiated the |
.11 1 and. threw him out. :
Dear Madam: ••Pwßamold says come!
welcome. Chronicle building. No. SL
TRANSPORTS FOR THE PHILIPPINES.
I* —r~ HE Zealandia and Valencia will sail on June 22. the Pennsylvania on June 23 and the Sheridan and 8?
i? Wyefleld on June 24. They will carry about 5000 soldiers and 10,000 tons of supplies for General 23
•' I Otis. The Wyefield will carry freight alone. ; ' '
SS
-:'.•.%%*;?;% !i !8 88 !8 SS Si 88 88 83 S3 £8 8S 88 88 38 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 8888 88 88 88 28J8 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 88 8888
A CAN-OPENER AN
OFFENSIVE WEAPON
GEORGE RODGERS, agel
nine y« ars. is locked up in
the City Prison on a charge
of an assault to commil
murder. In a moment of
anger he stabbed Jesse Prye,
aged 11 years, with a can-opener, m
tii<iing- a serious wound. The cutting
occurred last evening In front of
Frye'B home at LM4 Minna street.
According to the statement of the
v inded boy he had just left hla
and was proceeding along Minna
eel when he m< t lrs assailant, who
had the can-opener in his hand. Frye
] claims that the weapon was accident
ally dropped and he ittempted to get
ssion of it. In the struggle that
followed young Rodgers managed
secure it, and with an oath he
plunged th..- k> en blade intn his vie
: tlm'a back. Frye fell to the Bidewalk
, with a groan, while his youthful aa
' Bailant ran to his home, which is only
i a Bhort distance from the Bcen<
cutting-. The injured lad was found
1 lying on the sidewalk by a policeman
, who had him removed to the Receiving
Hospital.
■ An examination disclosed that the
PHELPS WAS OFFERED
A BRIBE OF $3OOO
MR. A. B. SPRECKELS TESTIFIES
BEFORE THE GRAND JURY.
Heard the Supervisor Admit That He
Was Approached by the Mutual
Company.
Tlip Grand Jury resumed Its probing
•i-.t.-, the secret workings of the majority
members of th> j Board of Supervisors yes
■• rda: The Btartling testimony 'yen be
fon that body by J< hi D Spreckels on
June l. in which hp told of a conversation
with Supervisor Phelps wherein Phelps
Idly admitted he had been offered a
bribe by the Mutual Electric Company.
was the Brat deflniti Information the
Grand Jury had received of crooked work.
Mr. Spreckela In rtis testimony stated
thai he had s.^it for Supervisors Aigel
tinger and Phelps, having heatfd frequent
rumors of bribery, but only Phelpa re
sponded. He attempted to point out to
;he Supervisor that Pheip- was wrong in
supporting the franchises ask<-d by the
Market-street Company; that he was not
faithfully representing the people and was
losing his friends by the course he waa
Taking. Phelpa acknowledged that the
Geary-street franchise would be worth
1500,000 or Shim/mi) to the city whfn it ex
pired In 1903 Mr. Spreckels then asked
him if. in the fa.cc oi that gr.--at benefit
to the city, he wa^ willing for $3<v«i to pass
to print the demand of the Market-street
(."ompany. and for $2000 more to give hi?
vote for final adoption. To this r.|ueßtion
Supervisor Phelps gave no direct reply.
but said he was a poor man and had al
ready lost an opportunity since he had
become a member of the hoard of making
16000.
"I told him." continued Mr. Bpreckels,
"that I remembered the incident. He was
to receive, If he had taken it. $0000. of
which $.'(0(Kl was for himself and %?."<"> for
Supervisor Bla^k on ihe electric light pole
franchise. I asked Supervisor Phelps if
he wanted his friends to conPid^r him a
'boodler.' He replied that he would be
called a 'boodler' anyway, and he had de
■ ■ Btand by his friend?.
■When he made the reference to the lost
opportunity to make $6000 I was enabled
to answf-r him. as I did. a~< he had told
me the same story before in the pres
en c of another person."
Mr Bpreckels was asked who that per
son was, and informed the Grand Jury
that it was his brother. A. B. Sprockels.
Yesterday A. B. Spreckels was summon
ed before the Grand .Jury and tesi
that he was present once when Super
visor Phelps told his brother that the
Mutual Electric Company had offered
Phelps $fiono. of which half was to co to
Black, for their votes in favor of the
franchise granting that company the
right to erect electric light poles. Mr.
Spr^ckels was asked if Phelps had men
tioned the name of the party who offered
to bribe him. and replied in the negative,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1899.
blade had penetrated thp right kid-
M is the opinion of the police
the Supervisor merely referred to the
company.
The Investigation will be continued at
the next sitting of the Grand Jury.
CORONER'S INQUESTS.
George F. Trueworthy Charged With
the Death of John Landsmann.
Cor r Hill held a batch of Inquests
rdaj and made a clean-up <~t the
suicides and murder? remaining on his
docki •:. In the case of Qustave Frey. whj
murdered his wife, Mattie, and killed
himseii on June 11. verdicts of murder anJ.
le were rendered In the case of
Landwnann, who was stabbed to
death on June 11, the jury returned a
■rdict to •''■• effect that th«- fat.il wound
had been Inflicted by George F. Tnie
worthy.
A verdict of suicide while insane was
returned in the cast of Robert Little, th.;
old man who took carbolic acid on June 14.
Accidental death was the verdict in the
.rise of Mattie Ryan, killed by a draught
of corrosive sublimate in the Grand
Southern Hotel <>n June 13.
Last night Trueworthy was formally
charged with murder at the City Prison.
M maghan and Bush were hooked as ac
cessories.
JOHN A. MAGEE FAILS.
His Liabilities $122,500 and Assets
$3000.
John A. Maffee tiled a petition in in
solvency In the T'nlted States District
Court yesterday. His failure is ascribed
to ill-advised investments In the Klondike
freighting trade and the steamer Bum
boldt last year. His liabilities are esti
mated at $122,300, of which ?iM..VK> i? owiug
to Baron yon Schroeder, #14.<hm< to John Ft.
Spring. H4.00Q to the Tallant Banking
Company, JBO9O to Mrs. B. M. Battle.?,
$4000 to ih. Kron Banking Company and
$1000 to Edward Mull of Chicago. The
assets are estimated at M'kvi.
BUDWEISER Beer
Has been consumed by the American publi<
to, the extent of over half a billion bottles
More than any other bottled be<?r In the world
Made exclusively by the Anheueer-Buscii Brew
IriET Assoointton
University Cadets.
General order fi from headquarters of
the National Guard of California an
nounces the following commissions is
sued to the University Cadets: Colonel,
Henry Walter Gibbons; lieutenant coi
onel, William Ede; majors. William Ar
thur Haekley. William Hurt Houston;
captains. William Thomas Mooney. Ros
coe Leigh Logran. Thomas William Mo-
Pherson. Ralph Chandler Daniels. Oliver
Dibble, Carl Melvin Warner. Charles Kd
mund Fryer, Bert Leroy Quayle, Krnest
Henry Df-nl^k^. Jam's Joseph Kline, Rny
Fryer; first lieutenants, Leland Sylvan
Rosener, Wayne McClOUd, John Allen
Reid, Jacob Edward '"ohn. Seyler
Jr., Herbert William Croxler, Clarence
Pnano Clark. Irving Cowan Allen.
Souvenir Mailing Cards,, showing views
around the city, 2"ie a dozen. " For sale by all
stationery and the publisher. E.; H. Mitchell,
225 Post street. San Francisco. •
■p
surgeon that the boy will recover ♦
from the wound. *°
Immediately after the cutting was *>
reported to Lieutenant Xash of the Z,
Southern station he detailed two of
his nun to arrest Rodgers. They at g£
once visited his home, but were unable ♦
to find him. Learning that the police 2S
were after him the father of youn* ♦
Rodgers took him to police headQuar-
tera, where he surrendered him to g»
Lieutenant Nnsh. Rodgers Sr., rather ♦
than have his hoy looked up in a cell, j»
visited the residence of judge Conlan 4
and succeeded In inducing him to ,-c- -gf,
lease his offspring on his own recog- ♦
nizance.
Young Rodgers denies that he ♦
stabbed Frye. He claims that after he *c
had dropped the can-opene/ he and his ♦
Bupposed victim had a scuffle and that »S
Rodgers fell on the weapon, the blade ♦
penetrating his back. <?
OSCA M. WELBURN TO
FACE A JURY TO-DAY
EXAMINATION OF TALESMEN
WILL CLOSE THIS MORNING.
Louis Loupe Was Missing but He
Turned Up in Time for the Trial
to Proceed Without Fur
ther Interruption.
■; The trial of ex-Internal Revenue Col- j
j lector Osca M. Welburn for embezzlement
and forgery while in the service of thp
Government was begun in the I'nited
States District Court yesterday morning.
The defendant was represented uy Gavin
McNab and Prank H. Gould, whiie United
: States Attorney Coombs and Assistant ■
, United States Attorney W lworth ap- j
peared forth. Government.
Mr. Welburn wore the uniform of a
United States soldier— the same one he'
was wearing i\\ the time of his arrest, j
."tltiMjugh he was discharged from the'
army after his capture.
It was discovered early in the morning j
session of the court that Louis Loupe,
one of the important witnesses for the
Government, was not present in court,
and a recess was taken until 2 o'clock in I
the afternoon. Mr. Loupe was in the
building at the time anil at 2 o'clock the '
examination of talesmen was begun, Mr.
McNab conducting the examination on 1
behalf of the defendant *and Mr. Coombs
on behalf of the Government. Mr. Coombs
was assisted by Bert M. Thomas, special
internal revenue agent.
Up to the time of the adjournment of]
the court nt 4 p. m. eleven talesmen were
in the Jury box, but Done had been accept- j
ed as jurors. Mr. McNab had exhausted
six of his ten peremptory challenges and!
the prosecution had plenty to spare.
The examination of talesmen will be
continued at 11 o'clock this morning. It ;
is expected that thp jury will have been !
secured by noon and that the taking of j
testimony will be proceeded with in the
afternoon. The following are the named
of the talesmen in thp jury box: \V. <;.
Ayres, Thomas Mitchell, E. A. Eiubhard,
William R. Knight, Henry Frohman,
Thomas J. Davis, F. Tormey, H. (Cramer, I
Marcus M. Henry, 8. W. Simons and R. j
R. Stewartson.
Law-Breaking Fishermen.
Deputy Fish Commissioner John Pa vis
and the crew of the commission launch
Qtifnnat made a raid up the bay on
Wednesday morning: and succeeded in
capturing: a Chinese rtshins junk and
live tlshermen. The fishermen were taken
to Ban Pablo and chared with illegally
taking small fish by the means of a purse
net. The capture was in the waters of
San Pablo Bay, close to the Contra Cos T.i
County shore.' The captives were tempted
to break the law by the high price ol'
shrimps.
Exonerated From All Blame.
Philip Baggau, Frank Feldman and
Daniel H. Cummins, the three young coop
ers arrested Wednesday on a charge of
knocking down and robbing Lou Chung-,
a Chinese cook, at 16 Waverly place, ap
peared before. Judge Tread well yesterday
afternoon and after hearing the evidence
the Judge dismissed the case and ordered
it to appear on the records that the de
fendants were exonerated from all blame.
DIRECTORY
O? RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MENTrON "THE CALL."
BELTINQ.
Lr r.ir-K*i Manufacturer or Betting •>"<!
r. lICUEIi, Lacs Leather. 105.107 Mis-
•ion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BO LER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY, Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works- 113-115 MISSION ST.
" Telephone Main SMS. '•;•'
BOOKS AN!) STATIONERY. |§l||l
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY..
342 to 350 Oearv Street. Above Power..
Periodicals. Books end Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO..
WOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1864. ■
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. H. BLTTH. |t«r.
C W. Smith, Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE.
REDINGTON & CO, %?2^^i
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. v
lAC KfIYFC & Cti Shipping Butchers, IW
JA5< LUiCJ tt Ml,, clay. Tel. Main 1234.
SPENDS ALL
HIS WAGES IN
PLAYING POKER
Wife and Children
Left to Starve.
HELPED BY THE CHARITIES
. VICTOR JOUMILEN, A WAITER,
WANTED BY THE POLICE.
— « —
He Is Out on His Own Recognizance
and His Wife Is Mortally
Afraid That He Will Kill
Her.
The police are searching for Victor
Joumilen, a waiter, as his wife, who lives
at lf*l3*i Stockton street with her four
young children. Is afraid that he will
force Ills way Into the house at any mo
ment and kill her, as he. has on more than
one occasion threatened to do.
Joumilen appeared before Judge Tread
well on Monday to answer a charge of
failure to provide. The wife was present
with her children, but for some unex
plained reason the case was not heard and
It was continued until Wednesday, Jou
milen being released on his own recogni
zance. As soon as his wife heard the
order of court she made a scene, declaring
that her husband would kill her. The
Judge rebuked her for making a scene and
got Joumelin to promise that he would not
go near the house till the case was dis
posed of.
Mrs. Joumelin insisted on getting a war
rant for the arrest'of her husband on the
charge of threats against life, but whs
unable to obtain it. She expressed berßelf
as being mortally afraid of her life, and a
neighbor who was. present with her in
court promised to remain in the house
with her.
When the case was called on "Wednesday
Joumelin failed to appear and a bench
warrant was Issued tor his arrest. The
case whs again called yesterday, but the
police said they were unable to find Jou
melin, and at their request a continuance
was granted fur a week in the hope that
they would be able to arrest him mean
time.
"My husband." said Mrs. Joumelin yes
terday, "makes good wages, but he spends
all his money in playing poker at the
Cafe Lafayette and Cafe Royal and leaves
his children to starve. I have been com
pelled to ask assistance from the Asso
ciated Charities, and if it had not been for
tln-m we certainly would have starved.
1 have pleaded with my husband to give
up his passion for gambling, but it has
been of no use. After losing his m'-ney
at poker-playing he would come hnme un
der the influence of liquor and abuse me
because 1 did not have food and drnsk for
him Two or three times recently he has
threatened to kill me. nr.d one day last
wek he oh.ised me out of the house with
a carving knife in his hand. I tried to
gel <-■ policeman but could not find ono.
I am afraid now that 1 have had him
arrested be will kill me unless he is sent
to iall." .
UNCLE SAM'S CROPS.
Reports 01 Their General Condition
Throughout the Land.
The Chamber of Commerce is in receipt
of a paper from the statistician of the
Department of Agriculture at Washington
upon the condition of the principal crops
of the United States on June 1. It says
preliminary reports of the spring: wheat
acreage indicate a reduction of about 470.
--000 acres, or 2.5 per cent. Of the twenty
six States reporting 10,000 acres or upward
in soring wheat six report an increase ag
gregating about 245.000 acres, and fourteen
•i decrease amounting to about 715,000
acres The average condition of spring
wheat on June 1 was 91.4. as compared
with 100.9 at the corresponding date of last
The average condition of winter wheat
is 67 3 as compared with 90.8 of the corre
sponding date of last year. The total re
ported acreage in oats is seven-tenths of
one. per cent less than last year. The
acreage reported as under barley is 3.1 per
cent greater than last year. The acreage
under rye shows a decrease of 8.9 per cent
as compared with last year.
A DOSE OF PARIS GREEN.
Suicide of Joseph Dondero. a Laborer,
Who Was Out of Work.
Joseph Dondero, a laborer residing at
tiHi Boy street, committed suicide yester
day morning by swallowing ;i deadly po
tion of paris green. As soon as his fam
ily discovered what he had done they s"ti t
for the ambulance and the sufferer was
conveyed to the Harbor Hospital, but he
expired as soon as he reached that place.
Dondero was Til years old and had been
out of employment for some time. Sev
eral years ago Dondero attempted sui
cide by slashing his arm with a razor.
The deceased left a widow anil five
children, the oldest of whom is a Rjri of
17 \ears. They are in poor circumstance s.
■fhe. body was taken to the MorgU" and
an inquest was held, the jury returning
a verdict of suicide.
Surveyor Spear's Vacation.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph S. Spear Jr. left
yesterday morning hy the steamer I'nia
tilla for a pleasure trip to Puget Sound.
Portland and The Dalles. They had e-n
--gaged the bridal chamber and were ac
companied to the stenmer by a Ursre
party of friends, who showered the Mush
ing couple liberally with rice. During
Surveyor Spear's absence the duties of
his office will be performed by Deputy
Surveyor C'hauncey St. John.
Justin McCarthy has a character
study of Pope Leo XIII in next Sun
day's Call.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importer* and Deal-
ers In hardware. 60S Market: tel. Main 31
IRO.N FOUNDERS. ~~
Western Foundry Morton & Hcdt-y. r»r«>-j«.
234 Fremont St. Ca«tlnr< of Erery Do-
scrlptlon Made to Ordar. Tel ittaa« 15J».
PAPE« DEALERS.
Wll l AMFTTF PtLF AND paper co..
IflLLMfflLl I L 722 Montgomery Strea'..
PRINTIV j.
EC HIIHHF^ PRINTER.
• W- BPUilllLiO.Mi Sanyome- street.
IHf lilfk'S iilttli fiV Primers. Book-
ItlC Hl^ft3-JUUII CJ-. binders, 23 Firm «i
C| K|^a-1000 envelopes.- billheads, cards,
**' ••Uvf noteheads or statements printed;
catalogue printing a specialty. MEL A. BLEY
611 Sacramento street. Tel. Main 1536.
STAT!ONF» AND PRINTER.
Tf 'c f o g a r r PARTRIDGE 11,?^
WAREHOUSBMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. * Fr*9 and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California st. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES. ETC. ™~
TI ITNUV headquarters for fine Jewelry and
-i. PI VI . iS-k. Wedding Rlngß. 43d st.
Wltiii^ ASH STEAM COAL.
. . Wined by the .. .'.
BLACK DIAMOND cUAL. MINING CO. at ita
. GREEN RIVER COLLIERIBB.
is the Beet Coal la the Market.
• Offlc* and Yards— 46o Main .S:r««u
HESSIAN FLY IN
THE MONTEREY
GRAIN FIELDS
Dr. H. H. Behr Exam
ines the Midge.
NO CAUSE FOP SERIOUS ALARM
- ♦ - —
THE PEST CAN BE READILY DE
STROYED.
— ♦ — /
It Has Appeared Eefore iv California
and Failed to Thrive — Outline
of Its Peculiar Character
and History.
The farmers of Monterey County and
some of their alarmist friends are mak
ing much ado about little over the ap
pearance in the grain of a poisonous
Insect known as the Hessian fly. It
has been demonstrated beyond ques
tion that the destructive midge found
on the farms near Salinas is the Hes
sian fly. Specimens of the insect were
sent to Dr. H. H. Behr, one of the
most accomplished entomologists on
the coast, and yesterday he submitted
the results of his examination. He
finds that the insect is the Hessian fly,
but that fact calls for no expression of
great alarm.
It was reported that the insect had
never before made its appearance in
this State, and if it really had come it
had been imported from Australia or
Europe. The alarmists declared that
the midge worked with devastating
energy in the grain and multiplied with
terrible rapidity. All sorts of disasters
were predicted to the crops of the
State and the results of Dr. Behr's ex
amination were awaited with anxiety.
The farmers of Monterey ma?, now
breath more freely. While the speci
mens of the insect furnishe 1 to Dr.
Behr were not sufficient to enable him
to determine to just what species of the
Hessian fly the specimens belong, the
entomologist satisfied himself that they
are really Hessian flies.
Dr. Behr says that while the insects
are by no means beneficial they are not
devastating and are easily destroyed.
They are natives of this State and were
not imported either from Europe or
Australia. Dr. Behr suspects that the
Hessian fly received its popular name
from the fart that it was never found
in Hessia. It has flourished in Hun
gary and as already indicated, is one
of the undesirable natives of this State.
Its first appearance, as far as known,
was in 1878. when it was easily and
quickly eradicated. Two or three times
after it appeared, but made no great
damage and after simple remedies were
applied disappeared. It was seen as
late as WT. hut created go great alarm.
Dr. Behr suggests that the best way.
or one of the moat effective methods to
destroy it is to burn the stubble of the
grain in which it has appeared. Un
less it appears in tremendous numbers
it is ii' t completely destructive. It par- j
tially destroys the quality of the grain, ;
but it does not spread rapidly and does
not thrive well in the climate of Cali
fornia. The insect lives also on wild
grasses and is nothing more or less
than a tiny midge of the same clasa
as the mosquito. It generally appears
in two species, but Dr. Behr did not
determine which of these was presented
to him. He does not intend to make
any further examination as one would
be unnecessary.
The farmers of Monterey may silence
their fears therefore of a plague and
the farmers <>f the State need take no
unnecessary alarm. While the Hessian
fly Is not a pleasant or a desirable visit
or it lives only a few weeks. It is
about one-seventh of an Inch in length
and is not unlike a small gnat. It is
a matter of some difficulty to tell when
the pest has been exterminated, but
where its appearance is no more serious
than it is at Monterey the remedy sug
gested and subsequent care will drive
out the insect.
DR. O'BRIEN LECTURES.
Tells of His Experiences in the Phil
ippines.
At an entertainment given under tho
auspices of Company K. League of the
Cross Cadets, for the benefit of the cadets'
uniform find armory fund Wednesday
evening at St. Paul's Hall. Dr. A. P.
O'Brien, who was with the First Cali
fornia Kf-gimeni In the Philippines, de
livered an address. "Experiences and Im
pressions Of the Volunteer Army in the;
Philippines." The doctor was warmly re- ,
ceived by a large audience when Intro
duced by captain Andrew J. Kelleher.
also of the First California, who acted
as chairman of the evening.
The remainder of the programme was
as follows: Overture, L. C. C. orchestra:
remarks and introduction of chairman of
the evening. Captain J. H. Rellly; ■song,
"Madeline, Miss Bessie Hicks; nine •*<>!., i
I Burris; selections by orchestra; humor- !
ous selections, W. J. Hynes; sleight of
hand. "Without Paraphernalia," F. Tre- .
bois; selections. Professor Charles F.
Graeber's banjo, mandolin and guitar
school: cornet and trombone duet, T.
T Kaufman and H. Allen; song. "The
Minstrel Boy," J. H. Desmond;, selection*
by orchestra; specialty cake walk. Gladys
Weller and Mabel Pfeifer; Hard Tim ■
Quintet— C. B. Aubrey. Charles Martin,
A. and C. Stanley. J. L. Glennon; ac
companist. Frank Martin. Farce. "Off to
Europe " by members of Company K. L.
t 1 c. Cast— Dr. Fonsgrafi. sersreani T.
Branson; Sam. Sergeant.!. Carroll; Toby,
Sergeant J. Byrnes: first patient, tier- ;
geant A. O'Farrell; second patient, Ser- '
geant P. Funchonn.
For Clean Politics.
Trie committee representing the Feder
ation of Mission Republican Clubs held
a meeting at Fairmount Hall Wednesday
nlpht at which there were representatives
from four of the clubs constituting the
Thirtv-thlrd, - Thirty-fourth. Thirty-fifth
and Thirty-sixth Assembly districts.
The meeting was presided over by W.
B. Curtis, with G. R. Lang acting 'as sec
retary. There were present: Dr. E. \V.
Torello, Chris Starter. Gustav Schnee,
Thomas Crouch, Joseph H. Hack, H.
Broman, H. E. Griffith, E. C. Brown and
John Mac-ready.
After a general discussion on the best
methods of conducting the coming pri
mary by which the "rake-off bosses" may
be excluded from capturing the organiza
tion and continuing the "solid sevens and
solid nines." by which the municipal gov
ernment has been • misconducted for a
number of years. It was proposed to is
sue an address to the voters to get out
in time and assert their rights as citizens
at the primaries to be held next August.
The executive of the federation' was
authorized to have 10,000 circulars printed
and distributed throughout the Mission.
The next meeting or the committee will
be held next Wednesday night at 22
Jo<ist. avenue, Sunnyside. .
Golden Gate Drill Corps Picnic.
The Golden Gate Drill Corps will give a
grand excursion and picnic under the aus
pices of Golden oate Parlor, N. S. G. W.,
on Sunday, June 18. at Sunset Park in the '
Santa Cruz Mountains. An excellent band
will accompany the excursionists and an f
enjoyable time is promised to all who at
tend.
AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
EVERT EVENING.
EL CAPITAN
OUR NEW PRICES.
Entire Orchestra (Reserved) 35e and 800
Entire Dress Circle (Reserved) 2Sc
Entire Family Circle (Reserved) 15c
Gallery .....10c
TO-MORROW (BUNKER HILL DAY), MAT-
INEE AT 2:15.
Best Reserved Seat in the House 25c
Family Circle (Reserved) IRe
Gallery 10c
Branch box office just inside main entrance
Emporium.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
"Well staged and costumed— a credit to the
Tivoli."— Call.
LAST THREE NIGHTS of Lecocq'g Brightest
Opera.
LA FILLE
DE MADAME
ANGOT!
With GRACIE PLAISTED as CXrAIRETTE.
UNEQUALED CAST! MAGNIFICENT AC-
CESSORIES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
I Next Monday— OFFENBACH'S "'BRIGANDS."
I Look Out for DENIS O 1 SULLIVAN IN
"SHAMUS O'BRIEN''."
PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone Bush 9 ■■
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK!
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS.
MR. HENRY MILLER
And a SPECIAL COMPANY
In Henry Arthur Jones' Brilliant Comedy,
"THE LIARS."
EVERY NIGHT SUNDAY EXCLUDED
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Seats now selling for second and last week of
"THE LIARS."
To follow— "THE ADVENTURE OF LADY
URSULA." . ' |
«
TACIANU
Thf> World Famous Female Impersonator.
HANLEY AND JARVIS,
Comedians and Eccentric Dancers.
WARTENBERG BROS., Musical Acrobats.
FRED NIBLO. Monologist.
McAVOY AND MAY. Comedians.
Last week of JOHNSTONE BENNETT, •as-
Fisted by ANTONI WILLIAMS, in "A QUIET
EVENING AT HOME."
HENRI FRENCH HOUDINI, the Mysterious.
Reserved Beats 25c; .Balcony. 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box Beats. 66c.
AT fA7AD SEATS BYPHONB
ALLAMK Main 254.
JUST THREE MORE NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE TO-MORROW (SATURDAY).
MR. LEWIS MORRISON,
Supported by FLORENCE ROBERTS
Presenting the Charming Play
THE MASTER
OF CEREMONIES.
af^^c RICHELIEU.
ALHAMBRA THEATER,
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
Tie Laintarili Grand Italian Opera Company
The Sensation of the Season.
Their Like Has Never Been Heard Here.
New Principals for Every Opera.
SECOND ANDLAST WEEK.
To-night, Fri., THE MASK BALL
I Saturday Matinee..... "RIGOLETTO"
Saturday "AIDA"
Reserved Peats, 25c, 50c, 75c, $1 and $i 50.
Box Seats, $1 and Jl "0. .*;.•.<
Seats on sale at the Alhambra and at Sher-
man. Clay & Co.'s Music Store.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
Every Evening- up to and including Saturday,
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
THE SEASON'S SENSATIONAL SUCCESS,
That Much-discussed Farce,
The TURTLE
THE NOTED CAST:
Iyabelle Evesson, Ada Deaves. Marlon Ballou.
Jan» Rciffarth, Isabelle Bowman, Signor Peru-
gini. George Holland, Hudson Llston, Ulrio
Collins, Louis Imhaus.
200 Booming Nights in New York.
All Paris and Berlin Flocked to See It.
The piquancy and daub, of the Comedie Fran-
caise and Palais Royale interpreted by skilled
American artists who possess the true French
finesse.
Reserved Feats 25c, 50c. 75c and $1.
Coming— "A MIDNIGHT BELL."
, CALIFORNIA THEATER-SPECIAL
Week Commencing SUNDAY, June 18th.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
MR. OTTO KAWAKAMI
AND—
MADAME YACCO,
Supported by Twenty-five Rising Japanese Ac-
tors and Actresses.
REPERTOIRE OF SKETCHES:
SAYAATE (The Duel). DOJOJI (The ~>mpla
of Dojojl), KUSUNOKI (The Battle of Mlnato
River and Kusunokl's Farewell to His Son).
MTHO-NO-MATSUBARA (Dewey Day Cele-
bration on the Pine Fringed Shores of Miho).
Reserved Seats— Orchestra, $1 30 and $1; Bal-
cony, Tide to $1; Gallery, 25c' Boxes, $10.
Seats Now On Sale at the Box Office.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
S? A4-j-|/a *in A.i !■ .gggg— — i
liUlliw- GREAT REALISTIC
q. . WAR PANORAMA!
OT Prof - w - °- ROLLINS,
• the eminent orator,
iVI Q II 1 1 £k Market half hourly.
ITlcllllicl Market St., nr. Eighth.
__ _' Admission, 50c.
f?Cl\»7 Children, he,
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS
i OPEN DAILY FROM 7A.M,T011 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M TO 10:30 P. M
ADMISSION. me: CHILDREN. se.
! Bathing. Including Admission. 25c: Children. We.
PDTTCUT7C FOR BARBERB. BAK-
DnlJkin Tnl ra, bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard . tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-maker*, cannera,
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries. pap«r-
-■ bacgera. printers, painters, shoe 'factories,
I stablemen. t«r-ronfcr«. tanner* tailors, eto.
BUCHANAN BROS..
.Brush Manufaeturarav 609 Sacrament* Sk
nirr nnuii Corner Fourth and
CAFE uO!AL«< F^
UIIIL. lI\JI I 1 1— 6c. Overcoats anj
Valises checked free.
;Wi¥MuroOßeTYl
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THB MARKETS.
Silver a fraction firmer.
Wheat and Barley futures advanced.
Other cereals unchanged.
Hay not as firm. Feedstuff* unchanged.
] Jeans and Seeds dull.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry sold,
Potatoes and Onions about the sain«.
Butter and Eggs unchanged.
Canning Plums reported short.
First Tomatoes in from the river.
Peaches, Apples and Pears still plentiful.
Cottolene weak. Lard unsettled.
Hams firm and Bacon steady. ,
Spring Lamb firmer,
dthtr Meats unchanged.
DRIED FRUITS IX NEW YORK.
Mail advices from New York say:
"The general situation in prunes remains
practically as last reported, and buyers are
cautions about placing any considerable orders. 1
According to the statement of a man recently j
returned from the coast, the outlock for the 1
prune crop I? ivorable. He seems to think '
that the yield aver a larger part of California
will be fully as large as for the past tew
years. The general conditions are unchanged
and trade is weak in all positions because of i
the competition of fresh fruits.
•■No opening prices were received yesterday on
fl;iri'*utf i , BO tar as an be learned. Speculative |
prices of .■-f. mentioned heretofore, have
not been confirmed on the coast. Spot trading
is very quiet and confined only to small orders
for immediate consumption.
"The outlrok for dried peaches in California j
it f-ncouragln~ and dealers expect about an ,
sverage output from that, State. Prices are ex- j
pe--ted to rule high, because supplies must come |
on a bare market. No one Is willing to spec- j
ulate as to what the opening pries will be. but
they are expected to be higher than last season.
••Currnnts remain steady, but buyers are
cautious, awaiting more full reports from
Greece.
•Raisins are nuiet. and the market shows no
change ,rom previously reported conditions. The :
(.•Hiieral outlook changes little from day to day
and holders ,-.. firm in their views, refusing
i oncessiens frequently, even at the cost of or-
MONEY IN GOVERNMENT VAULTS
United States Treasurer Roberts reports the
amount of money on hand at the close of May \
■
$139,459,075
Gold bu11i0n,;....."..!!!." 121.7 C.353
Silver dollars ! 416 806.941
Sir.pll silver ..'.' 6.n.V.3_^i
SUVer bullion 85,909,876
1
Total specie (iw.3H.wi | i 1
Tnlte.l States notes ' 35,585.592
Treasury notes of.lW 923 138
Gold certirtvates 1,648.610
f-'ilver certificates 3,958,^62 1
Currency certificates ............ 460.000 |
Xational bank notes 4.020.191 !
Minor coin, etc 314, ;
IVposlts in national banks 81,760,279 |
Miscellaneous 75.015 j
t tal >■
At the close of May. «>9B, the money in these j
vaults amounted to $521. 070.370. Of this amount |
$7:i. 773.. ""4 was in «p»cit. including $11", 7 8, 100 j
in cold coin and J90.595.564 In gold bullion. The j
?iiv»r bullion on hand is over $12,500,000 less
than it was a year sco.
The amount of sold coin in Treasury vaults j
on the Ist is nearly $20,000,000 less than on the !
Ist of May. that being the amount withdrawn I
.luring the month of May to pay Spain.
COIN CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates in circula- :
tion May 31 were as ' Hows:
IK9S. 1899.
Goll $3r..«3.209 82.786.189
Silver 391.22.1.265 401,298,642 I
Treasury 10d.226.^.'i5 93.101.752 |
tills $ r .27.3?..%,329 $527,186,613 j
There was f. r .*,M n taken out of circulation
lrift month. During the past twelve months .
there has been an increase of. $10.000,0001n silver
certificates and a decrease of $7,000,000 In.Treas
ury notes.
WEATHER REPORT.
O2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. June 15—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to day:
Eureka 56 Ban Diego 66
Fresno .... 105 ?acramento 98 I
Los Anpele? Independence 92 j
Red Rluff K*!Vuma 98
?an Luis Obispo. 76!
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum, .'4: mean, SR.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has remained nearly stationary j
over the country west of the Rocky Moun
tains . There has been a slight rise along the,
central coast r>t California.
The temperature continues warm except along
the immediate coast, where, owing to fog, there
has heen a fall of about X degrees. In the
preat \ alleys of California the temperature? are
about 2" depreps above the normal. Tempera
ture? ••xce^dlne 100 degrees are reported from
several places.
Within a distance of forty miles from San ■
Frsnojsro there is difference of temperature of |
4rt r^erees. There is also a difference of 34 de- |
grees in a vertical direction between sea level
and an elevation of 2.".00 feet.
No rain h is fallen on the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty |
hours ending midnight, June 16. I .:
Northern California—Fair Friday: continued
warm weather in the Interior, fog on the coast
in the morning; northerly winds inland, fresh
westerly winds on the ciast.
Southern California -F-,i!r Friday; continued
warm weather in the interior, fog on th»
coast; northerly wind* Inland, west winds on
Nevada— Fair Friday; continued warm
went her. ■ -. .
I'tah-Fnlr Frlflay; continued warm weather.
' Arizona- Fa I r Friday, except showers in ex
tr«-m- southeast.
Snn Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday, with
ton I" " 1O morning: fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE, Forecast Official
EASTERN MARKETS.
Ni-.v 7ORK BTOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 15.— The public continued
to hold aloof from the stock market, and deal
ings to-day were\almost wholly professional.
There was the semWance of strength at lone
time, due to sympathy with tit activity In a
small grr.up of specialties, whl'h were bought
by large Interests more or less. Identified with
them Prices of the group wi-rt advanced and
the traders bought the genen . list, causing
Fmall advances all around. But the rise failed
absolutely to invite any outside buying, and
the supporting tactics were abandoned during
the day. The listless condition that ensued
was such as to invite bear aggression. But
the bear party apparently suffered from the
seasonable, lassitude as much OS trie general
j.'iblic, and their operations were not pursued
with any vigor or determination. However,
the gains at one time established were prac
tically all wiped out before the close and net
losses are the rule, but the rest of them be
ing re^trlcttd to .ractiona. Sugar ruled above
yesterday's level, rising at one time nearly
four points, but closing with a net gain of
only 13,.I 3 ,. The Federal Steel stocks, Brooklyn
Transit, People's Gas, Kannattan and Con
rolidated Gas also enjoyed th<;ir period of
strength. There was an early break in the
Denver and Rio Grande stocks and Colorado
Fuel weakened late in thr cay on account of
the labor troubles over th.- new eight-hour
law in Colorado. American Smelting stiffened
two points on a few isolated transactions, the
officials of the company professing to feel no
Uneasiness over the strike, and alleging that It
came at a good time. American car showed
losses ■■: three and two points respectively for
the common and preferred stocks, and P. C. C.
and St. Louis moved In an erratic manner
three points over yesterday's level. The belief
that the outward gold movements have not
yet concluded laud to the disinclination to buy
Btocks. •
The preliminary trade statement of the Treas
ury Department ;or May discloses that the total
exports for the fii-cal year for the first time
th «c of last year at the end of
May t.. Ok .-xt.-n: •: m mething over $5,000,000.
But the exports in June of last year ehoweil
r.'ase from the May exports and
the June expwrts for this year, which are
running much nearer to last year's level niuy
1 • •.. exports foi tne fiscal year up
npi • tented figures. The oon
■ ■ ' ■ inpared with
• year, will cause a marked diminu
tion in the country's favorable trade balance
fi 1 the fiscal year. Hut It is evident that the
win be between twenty and thirty
millions "\er half a billion dollars, which Is
far above the record of any previous year
Wall street Is still puzzled to
whether this enormous credit balance
all liquidated hy buying of our own
' ' reign holders, and the mys
tet— surrounuing the gold movement has a.ldid
• th< Railroad bonds continue to show
athy with the heavy tendency in 5t...,^
many decline* being shown or) the day's busi
i:os Total sales, par value, {2,679.000.
•*d States old 4s coupon advanced V in
. price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 3Sii 902
b, including: American Mccl and wire
American Sugar, 79,300: Maconda 2»<R) :
11 preferred. 7800: Brooklyn Trawit'
Burlington, 17.0 M; Consolidated Gas'
Federal Steel. 86.700; do preferred
Denver ar.d Rio Grande preferred. 61(«j Man
hattan. :5,200; Metropolitan Street RailV-.'v
.ri Pacific. G700; Now Turk Central
m Pacific. (800; People's Gas 11 700 :
lieading first preferred, fiKOO; Rock" lsland I
1 14.400; Tennessee Coal and Iron.' 37oti :
Btai « Hiibijer, S900; Wisconsin Central
preferred,
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atcblson 17% St Paul 12fiU
Do prefd :,i>^ no prefd 1721,
Baltimore & Ohio. 67 St P& Om 98 '
Canada Pacific 9514 Do prefd 170
Canada Bouthern.. S3^ So Pacific 31^±
Central Pacific... 51?4 So Railway 10% I
Ches & Ohio 2»4 Do prefd V<\ ]
Chi & AJton 160 Texas & I'acinc... 19 i
Chi B & Q 131 .Union Pacific -10%
Chi & E 111 76 Do prefd 74=",
J'oprofd ...1224 Wabash 7.,
Chi G W 13', Do prefd 2014
Chi Ind & L 9 \v & L !•: (new;... »■'«
Do prefd....: 39 • i Do -■! prefd 23}»
Chi &. X W 15JV4 Express Companies-
Do prefd 191 Adams Ex 110
C C C & St L 534 American Ex 136
Do prefd :--V» United States 45 •
Del & Hudson US Wells Fargo 125
Del L & W 170 Miscellaneous—
Den & Rio G 21% a Cot Oil 3314
Do prefd 76»« Do prefd 91
Erie (now) 12% Am Spirits 1014
Do Ist prefd...... 34 Do prefd 32
Ft Wayne IS6 Am Tobacco 96
Gt Nor prefd 168 Do prefd 14'>
Illinois Central.... 1124 Cnns Gas.. 180%
Lake Erie & W 16U Com Cable C0......17S j
Do prefd 67 Col V & Iron 43*4
Lake Shore 2i6 I Do prefd 107
, Louis & Nash 87 Gen Electric 118
Manhattan L 118% Haw Com Co 115
! Met St Hy 226% Federal Steel 64 4
i Michigan Central. .ll3 Do prefd M
Minn & St 1 ,56 Int! Paper 42
Do Ist prefd P3 Do prefd 784
Mo Pacific 4" » Laelede Gas 634
Mobile & Ohio 40 Lead 30
Mo X & T 11% ■ Do prefd 110
Do prefd 32»« Brooklyn R T 117% I
X .1 Central 1154-Nat Lin Oil :r«
X V Central 1304 Pacific Mall 47' i
i X V C & St L 12!* People's Gas 120
Do Ist prefd 60 Pullman Pal 156
Do 26 prefd 25 Silver Certificates 00*4
Nor West 20% Standard It & T... 7- 4
No An-.er Co 114 Sugar 153%
No Pacific 46\ Do rr«fd 117%
I Do prefd 7.".v rC & Iron 63*£
| Ontario & W 264 r S Leather 3*4
or H & X prefd... 73 Do prefd, ex-dlv. 70
! Pacific Coast 3^4 rj s Rubber 5314
Do Ist prefd : S2 Do prefd 116
Do 2d prefd 66 Western Union 00
Plttsburg IS6 Am S&W Co f.'> 7 »
Reading 20% Do prefd 96
1 Do Ist prefd 60^4 National Steel 5114
R G W 33 i Do prefd 91% ■
; Do prefd.... 77 Cont Tobacco 44%
Rook Island 111 1 Do prefd £2 '
St Louis & S F.... 10% Glucose 68
Do prefd 72 Nor & W prefd.... 65%
Do 21 prefd 36 Colo Southern 54
St Louis & S W... in; Do lot prefrl 12
Do prefd 2'/\ Do 2d prefd 17
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 2s reg LOO% M X & T Jds 86%
Do Ss in;. Do -is 94
Do coup .; 10914 N V Cent Ists ....1154
V S new 4s reg....i:<o4 X .1 Cent gen 55..121 Vi
r>o coup 130-., North Carolina 65. 127 i
V B old 4s reg. . . . 1 12-v t Do 4a 104
Do coup lit x P i=ts 113
I" Sss reg 1124 Do 3s K7«4
Do coup 1124 Do 4? 105%
District 3.Cf.s 119" x V C & S L 45.-.1074
Ala class A 110 Nor A W con 45.. 'so 1 -
Do B no , Do gen 6a 132
Do C 100 Or Xav 4s 10:1 |
Do Currency ioi> Or Xav lEts 114 !
Atch gen 4a 102% O S Line 6s 132 ;
Atch ad.lt 4s M- r s r M con 5s 11 >,
Canada So 2ds ....111 Reading Gen 4s ... 90»i
C & O 4'»b 95 .R G W lets Vn'i
Do 5s im;'s L & I M Con 55. .1114
C & X Con 7s 144 ,S 1; A S F Gen fis.l26
I),-, deb os 122 st P Con 170
Chicago Term 45...10254 St P < ' ft P 1et5.. 124
D & ft >; Ists ...lU6 St PC & P 6s. . 122
Do 4s 108% So Ry ** 1114 .
E T Va A- Ga lsts. l'd', Standard R & T 6s M 4
Erie Gen 4s 72 Term new Bet 3s .. 95
Ft W & D C Ist?.. 824 Tex & Pac Ists -.114
Gen Elec 5s IIS Dp-2ds 55
G H & S A 6s 113% IT P 4s l *%
Do 2ds 1114 Wabash Ist? 117 I
H & T C 5s 112 ! Do 2d« 100 i
Do con 6s 109 West Shore 4s ....n.-ii
lowa Cent lsts — 1134 Wls Cent lsts 77\ •
X C P & G Ists.. no Va Centuries »4
La new con 4s 1104] Do deferred * r -
L & X Uni 4s 9S*ilColo Bo 4s -.'\
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario ' 00
Crown Point 26 Ophlr 95
Con Pal <t- Va 1 50 Plymouth 10
Deadwnod 41 Quicksilver 2 00 j
Gould & Curry 24 Do prefd SOO I
Hale & Xorcross.. 30 Sierra Nevada; ... »v
Homestake «0 00 Standard 2 20 '
Iron Silver 55 Union Con 33
• Mexican 11 Yellow Jacket 31
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End 94 :
Call ]r.ans 3U' Do prefd 116 i
Time loans 34'3-44,'Westingh Elec 494
Stocks— I Do prefd 65
A T & St Fe 174 Brooklyn R T 117%
Do prefd 84% Bonds—
Amer Suear ir>3<4 Atchison 4? 102
Do prefd ii New England 6?.. .113
Bell Tel ...Ml Mining Shares-
Boston .<• Albany. .2s l ! Adventure ..;;.'.f.'. : lo* ; ; !
Boston L 1074 Allouez Mm C 0.... 84
Boston & Maine. ..ir.o Atlantic 32
Chi Bur A Q HI i Boston & M0nt. ..342
Ed Elec ill 200 Butte & Boston 7fl
Fitchhnrx prefd ..116 ! Calumet * Hecla •
Fed Steel M Centennial 344
Do prefd M Franklin 1 51
Mexican cent 13' i Humboldt 24
Mich Tel 9!"*: Pnrmt t 524
X V £- X En? pfd.loo Quincy .150 |
OM lony C"i Santa Fe Copper ..12 |
Old Dominion .... 3* ,' Tamarack 210 |
Rubber WJnona 14
Union Pacific . .. 40% Wolverines 4a
L'nion I in ! - Utah 414
LONDON MARKET.
. j
NEW YORK. June 15.— The Commercial Ad '■
vertlser's London financial ■ cablegram says:
This was the quietest day in the markets here ;
for weeks, the settlement and the Ascot" races i
interfering with business. .The tone was dull i
m Krutrer's speech, Improving slightly at the i
close. Americans were dull ami Idle until New i
York opened, when they Improved, closing '
higher on balances. Denvers were the weak '■
feature on the reported strike of the silver j
Fmelters. Anacondas were 9 ir.-lfi?i 104: Tin
tos. 45 8 n*?46i,4. Silver was 27 13 16. The bank
bought £103,000 gold in American coin.
l "LOSING.
Canadian Pacific. W- 4 . XortheVn Pacific pre
ferred. 77}*: Union Pacific preferred, 764;
Atcblson, IS4; Grand Trunk. R; Anaconda, 104.
Bar silver, firmer, .27 13-16 d per ounce. Money,
1 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, June 15.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15,541 barrels: exports, 19,121. Market firmer in i
sympathy with wheat, but not higher, only
moderately active, eloping with buyers and
fellers apart.
WHEAT— Receipts, 108.650 bushels; exports,
47,7h6. Spot market dull but firmer; No. - red. ''
&54c to arrive f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, £::>v \
elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, Ss%< f. ... !
b. afloat spot- Option* opened active and 4c I
higher on bad crop accounts and cables, eased |
off ' 4 c under realising, but became very strong
Rgain, advancing 14c from the lowest on bad
crop accounts from Russia, causing active cov
ering -and Increased Investment buying; closed
II: m at about the best prices, l? c advance
July, si 13-16@83%c, closed 83% c; September |
SI ;. 16®83c, closed B3c; December S2 7 V??04%c, j
closed 84% c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES Steady.
METALS The local market exhibits consid
erable Irregularity, hut very little activity. On
Fudden enlargement of demand, cable news and
lighter offerings lead moved up slightly. The
other departments were almost lifeless through
out the session. At the close the Metal Ex
change called:
PIGIRON — Warrants entirely nominal at
$13 50.
LAKE COPPKR — Dull; $« 25 bid, $13 .V)
asked.
TlN— Dull and easier; $25 55 bid and $25 65
asked.
SPELTER— DuII and unsettled at $6 25 nomi
nal.
LEAD— Firmer at $4 50. The brokers' price
for lecd is $4 2- . and for copper HB49U 25.
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged to !
5 points lower. Sales, 5750 hags. Including-
June, $4 60; July, $4 60; October, • $4 80; No
vember. $4 85; December. $5 20; March $5 35-
April. $5 40; May, ?5 45. Spot coffee Rio, tend-
Ing downward; mild, quiet, barely steady.
SUGAR— Raw. firm; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 7810 packages. Weaker; 1
Western creamery, 15ffil"4c; factory, 114 c.
EGGS— Receipts. 12.891 packages. Dull and
weak; Western, 14*?14';c: Southern, 94'3>11a
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. June 15.— California dried fruits
ea sy.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 645!>7c;
prime wire tray. B'49S4c; choice, S4@S ic'
fancy, 9@94c. "** """
PRUNES— 34*?S4c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 14c; Moorpark, liaise
PEACH ES-Unpeeled, 10813 c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June IS.— first half hour of 1
the session In the wheat pit was marked by I
a good deal of apathy on the part of traders, ■
notwithstanding the almost sensational char-'
acter of the news affecting the Russian crop. '
The opening in September ranged from 76 7
to 77V\ compared with yesterday's closing .
price of 76Nic. There was no great buying de- '
mand at first, and for nearly half an hour I
the price hung around those figures. Then !
the market began to broaden, and once start- !
ed, the buying increased until the demand was :
the heaviest seen in the pit for Severn] days :
News regarding the condition of the Russian
crop, for some time more or less of a factor
dominated everything else In influence. Beer
bohm's statement that the wheat crop was" an
entire failure in a large area north of the
Black Sea was confirmed from many different !
sources during the day, private cablegrams
being in some cases even more gloomy in char- '
acter. The first bulge carried September to
.77»ic. This -was the call price, and sellin
against those privileges caused a slight reac
tion, but before noon offerings from thW source
were swamped by. the rush of buying orders
and the price continued to advance until Ben
tember had reached 7SK.c. This was l%c SiSove ;
yesterday's final figures. September fluctuated
between 78% c and 7S4c during the last half •
•hour's trading and was bringing 784 cat the
(lose. • .
There was a firm, active market in corn.
Trading was Influenced partly by- the strength ■
of wheat. September closed V?'a%c higher.
Oats were In active demand and a good ad- '
vance was scored. The cash trade' was large. I
September closed %O%c higher.
• Provisions were only moderately active. The
market- opened firm and slightly higher with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JTJKE 16, 1899.
the strong hog market. Selling by packers i
caused a slight reaction, but later the strength !
of grain helped provisions and prices again ad- j
vanced, the market closing at about the top.; !
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close. I
heat No. 3 —
July ; 75% 774 " 75% 774
September. 77 784 76% 784
December 754 79% 75 79%
• Corn No. —
July 344 35 344 35
September 34% 354 ' 34% 35
December 334 34 33-, 33%
Oats No. —
July 24 24% 23% 244
September 214 22 214 21% j
Mess Pork, per barrel-
July 8 274 8 274 8 224 8 274 !
September 8 424 8 474 840 8 474
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July 6 024 5 074 6 024 SPR
September 5 15 5 20 5 15 6 20
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July 470 4 724 4 674 4 724
September 485 4 874 4 824 4 $74
Cash quotations were as follows:.
Flour, firm; No. 2 spring wheat. 76Uc; No. 3
spring Wheat, 72>.4(g76Uc; No. 2 red. 7S4<@7B}4c; J
No. 2 corn, 35% c; No. 2 oats. 26c; No. 3 white, I
27%@29Kc: No. 2 rye, 61c; No. . 2 barley, SG® !
37c; No. 1 fiaxseed, $1 04; mess pork, per bar- !
rel, $7 SOftS 30; lard, per 100 pounds, $4 924@
5 05; short rib sides, loose, $4 50@4 80; dry
salted shoulders, boxed, 44#4*4c; short clear
sides, boxed, $5@5 10: whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $1 26. '
Articles — Receipts. Shipments. ]
Flour, barrels 11,000 15,000
Wheat, bushels 178,000 28,000
Corn, bushels 450.000 428,000
Oats, bushels 251.000 171. 00» I
Rye. bushels 6,000
Barley, bushels 8,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm; creamery, 134@lSc; dairy,
10-JTIS4C. Cheese, firm, 7«4SiS4c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 12?4c.
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. B«pt.
opening 5 11% 6 14 i
Closing 5 11%, 6 14 I
PARIS FUTURES.
"Wheat— June. Eept--Dea !
Opening 20 05 20 65 (
Closing 19 95 20 45 '
Flour —
Opening « 95 38 10
Closing 42 70 28 00
OREEX FRUIT IXTERESTS.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Journal of Com
merce says: Further advices have been re- '
ceived concerning the combination of fruit
packing Interests. While the trade here would
not be surprised to learn at any tlm« that j
California canned fruit packers had agreed to !
place their interests in the hands of a trust, i
it seems now to be felt that the persistent re- ;
ports that a combine had been formed were ]
premature, being based on the confidence felt ;
by those who Befit them in the ultimate sue- j
cess of the movement. It is reported that :
most of the packers have sold freely for future
delivery, and have placed all they dare to until
they know Just what green fruit will cost them.
Hence the. orders to their representatives In the
East to withdraw offerings which, in some
quarters, have been attributed to the fact that
packers had determined to leave the making of
future quotations to the combine. .
Apnrt from the formation of a trust as a
reason for higher prices, it Is stated on good
authority other and ample causes exist. These
are round in the increased cost of materials. I
aside from the fruit For instance, it is stated
solder costs 17 cents per pound, as against 8
cents at this time last year: tins cost 7.2 cents
more, the cost of labels' Is 40 cents higher, and
caßes cost 1 cent more than a year ago. The
price for green fruit, notwithstanding crop* of j
most descriptions promise well, has been en- I
hanced by agitation among farmers for higher j
prices, supplemented by an increased demand I
this year for fruit to be hipped green.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT PALES.
NEW YORK, June 15.— Porter Bros. Com- I
pany sales of California fruit: Apricots-
Royal, $l<i?l 90. Plums— Abundance. $1 65@2 ]
per crate; St. Catherine. $1 30; Red June, $1 35 ■
@1 90; Royal Hative, 50c@$l 30; ciyman. $1 10
©•1 13. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 40®2 30; Simoni, ]
$1 40Si2 15. Alexander. R.',.''ajl per
box; Governor Garland, $1.
. Earl Fruit Company sales: Tragedy Prunes,
fl f-o't?2 13; Abundance Plums. $1 10@l 60; Royal
Apricots, $1300180; Royal Hative Plums, Soc
(iiil 10; Clyman. '.*r'uti 35; Black Oregon Cher- ;
ries, average, $1 50 box; Alexander Peaches !
fir.^'.tOc.
CHICAGO, June 15.— Earl Fruit Company
California fruit auction: . 'im-.nJ Prunes, aver
age f» 52 single crate; Tragedy, average $1 <>.'.;
Burba Plums. average $2 20; Royal Apricots.
70<g 2 25; Ciyman Plums, 55c®$l 30; Alexan
der Peaches. 4o@i>oc. J
Porter Bros. Company sales: Apricots — |
Royal. $1 / >i2 25 crate. Prunes— Tragedy, $1 SO
SI :•" crate; Simonl. $2 3. . Plums— California
Reds. V. crate; Mikados. $1 80; Abundance, fi 7.=.
ii 1 90; Red June. $1 90; Burbanks, $I@2 10; Cly- .
man; :■'■• 'n %\ ?,."■: Shiromono. {1 75; Royal Ha
tlve, $1 05@] 50: St. Catherine. SOc. IVa.-h.-s —
Crawfords, $190 box: Hale's Early. $1; Alex- !
ander. ■'•■.■:""'■■: Governor Garland, 70@S0c. Ap- 1
ple."— 9oc box. Cherries — Royal Anne, 75@>95c
boa Pears— Wilder, SQc box. "
PHILADELPHIA. June IS. Royal Apricots,
slnele crates, avera.ee $2 23; Tragedy Prunes, j
average $1 77: Red June Plums, average $] 57;
Abundance Plums, average : 1 27; Clyman
Plums, SOcgJl, average »0c; Briggs ' May
Peaches, boxes. " average Bsc; Alexander, -.".■ 'l
51 20, average 92c; St. Catherine Plums, single
crates, average 79c; Royal Hative Plums. single '
age -'•■ ■. Madeline Pears, half boxes, average
$1. Two cars sold to-day.
BOSTON, June 15. Royal Apricots. $1 Wit
2 <"'>. average 31; Tragedy Prunes, average
5283: Burbank Plums, average $2 80; Red June
Plums, average $2 33; Abundance Plums, aver- !
ace $2 10; Black Oregon Cherries, boxes, aver- !
wee $190; Royal Anne, average 51 "0; Clyman |
Plums, single crates. $1 2:. Til 75, average $1 61;
Alexander Peaches, boxes, 70c@$l 20, average
M ■ Five cars sold t.>-day.
MONTREAL., Que., June Tragedy Prunes,
single mites, average $3 : simoni. $2 0. .{?2 60,
average $2 44; T'.artl»tt Pears, half boxes, aver
age J2 62; Royal Apricots, single crates, $2 760
3 10, average $2 R9; Abundance Plums. $2 - :•• .,
3. average $2 75: Tosabe Plums, average $2 55;
Ciyman Plums. $140@225, average $190; Alex
ander Peaches, boxes. $1 fir.f7 2 10. average $191;
crates, average $2 45; P,rlggs May Peaches,'
boxes, average $2 20. Car grossed $2366.
EASTERN LIVESTOC KMARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. June 15.— market . for cattle
was stronger and largely oi^lOc higher to-day,
with only moderate offerings and a good de
mand. Good to fancy cattle sold at $553 60;
commoner grades bring $4 4r.<£j4 95; feeding cat
tle brought $3 7-"' s.i 15; bulls, cows and heif
ers, V: f it:> 10, the latter price for choice heif
ers: Western fed steers. $4 5005 35; -Texans,
$3 75#5; calves. $4 2.'/!7'7 for common to prime.
There was a good local and shipping demand
for hogs and prices were fairly steady, not- I
withstanding heavy receipts. Heavy lots. $3 55 i
ra3;-0; mixed, $3 70f?3 90; light weights. $3 7O@
3 924; pigs, $3 30*83 7.5: culls, $1509450,
Both sheep and lambs were In active de- !
mand and price* were firm: lambs 10c higher
as a rule. Best grades of sheep, $5@5 25; com- !
moner grades, $2 2093 50: yearlings. $5 4096 75;
clipped lambs sold at $3 6O(?j'6 10; wooled Colo
rado lambs, $64096 60; spring lambs, $6@7 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 7000; hogs, 30,000; sheep
11.000.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. June 15.— Clearings, $369,- I
277. balances, $86,049. •
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON. -
PORTLAND, Or., June IS.— European and
American markets were all firmer to-day and
the local Wheat market showed a correspond-
Ing change, notwithstanding; the fact that I
freights are still advancing. Fifty-nine cents I
was quoted for Walla Walla and at least ■-.'■
more was paid for heavy stock. Valley did not
share proportionately In the strength, and was
easy at 59@60c, with blue stem nominally 62c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash., June 15.— Wheat was more
buoyant in the Eastern markets to-day, but
unchanged here. Local prices continue at 58c
for clubs and 61c for blue stem.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 15.— Consols, 10S^; silver.
27*4 d: French rentes. 102f 224 c; wheat cargoes \
off coast, buyers withdrawn; cargoes on pas- i
sage, nominal, unchanged; cargoes Walla i
Walla. 29s 9d; English country markets ;
steady.
LIVERPOOL, June 15.— Wheat, firm: wh«at
in Paris, weak; flour In Paris, weak; French
country markets, dull.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 13-32 d.
:..•.•: closing.
WHEAT— No. 2 red "Western winter " firm
6s %d; No. 1 red Northern. Duluth firm
Ss 34d. Futures closed quiet; July, 5s ll^id'
September, 6s Hid. '
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
SterMng Exchange, 60 days — $4
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 gBVv
Sterling Cables — 490
New fork Exchange, sight — joi-
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars — 49'A©iO
Fine Silver, per ounce _ 5^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Thp Andreta takes for Cork 62 040
ctls, valued at $6?.500.
Bullish news is again affecting the Chicago
market, and buying orders are coming in from
all over the country. The local crowd began
buying again and the market advanced. Duluth
ted thai the Continent had advanced Its
buying limns 2c, and the Continent took 600'
GOO bushels of <)ats at Chicago. Murray es
timates the total American crop at 260,000 r.no
bushels winter and ??S<,<M.MW spring. Beerbohm
reported a t ■ >tal loss in six Russian provinces
Hamburg cabled that the Roumanian outlook
was worse than in ISDI. Greece and Turkey are
now buying in Russia.
A late cable to the Liverpool Board of Trade
from the governors of the six Russian provinces
mentioned above, and which produce 12,000.000
bushels of wheat. 5.C00.000 of rye. 3,000,000 of
oats and 6,000,000 of barley, describes the crops
as totally lost. . . ■
Local futures advanced, but the rise in
freights and the decline at Paris kept the spot
market from rising.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 06><i@l 0S&: milling,
$1 10<gl 12V4.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May — 12.01-0
ctls, $1 22* i; 14,000. Jl 22%. December— l2,ooo,
Jl If 1 -;: 6000, Jl 19%; 52,000. $1 19' 5 : 12.000, $1 19-V
Second December— 22,O<)o ctls. $1 19%;
2000. $1 19%; 2000, $1 20. May— $1 23.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 20%; 6000, SI 20; 4000, $1 19V
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
$1 204; 6000, $1 20%; SOOO, $1 80%; 4000, $1 20%; 12,
--OCO. $1 20. -.
BARLEY— Futures were firmer again, but the
spot market was dull and weak, with lower
figures for new feed.
Feed 9T%C@sl 05; Brewing, $1 07&@l 10 per
ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session- Seller '99. new— ctls, S2T4c
December— 4000. Mi^c.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new—
8000 ctls, 827*0 ; 2000, S3c.
Afternoon Session— Seller '99. new— 2ooo ctls,
52%0; 2000, 83c; 6000. S2%c. December— 4ooo ctls,
S6»fic: 4000. S6%c; 2000. 88% c.
OATS — The situation remains unchanged.
Trade Is quiet
Fancy Feed. II 47%®1 50 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 42V.@1 47%; common. $1 32^@t 40;
Surprise. $1 50<8-l 55: Gray. Jl 35-31 45; Milling.
M 46©1 50 per ctl: Red, $1 35@1 40; Black. Jl 30
©1 32i*.
CORN— Rules dull at the old quotations.
Small round low, $1 3001 36: Eastern large
Yellow, $1 i2Vi; 'White, $1 15; mixed. Jl 10 per
ctl; California White. Jl. 17V4@1 22Vi.
RYE— 97l4c@Jl per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. .
FLOUR AND MILL^TITFFS.
FLOUR— California family extra*. J3 60<i?3 75.
nsual terms; bakers extras, S3 40@3 50: Oregon
and Washington. $3 40@3 45 per barrel for extra,
J3 25@3 40 for bakers' and J2 20@2 50 for super
fine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are an fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75: Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour $7; c.-.rnmeal, J2 50; ex
tra cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal. J4 50@4 75;
Oat Groats. J4 75; Hominy. J3 2503 50; Buck
wheat Flour. ?4a4 25: Cracked Wheat, J3 75;
Farina. $4 B0; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50: Rolled
Oats (barrels). If! S.Vfffi 95; in sacks. J6 35<g6 75:
Pearl Barley, J5; Split Peas. $4 60; Green Peas,
J5 per 100 rbs.
HAY AND FEEPSTUFFS.
Increased receipts of Hay gave the market
an easier tone, though there was no decline.
■ Bran and Middlings were unchanged.
BRAN— SI 6 50®17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— JIB<g2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFB— RoIIed Barley. J22 50023 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27688; job
bing, -J2S 50^29; Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Corn
meal. $23 50-524 50; Cracked Corn. $24@25; Mixed
Feed, $15® 18; Cottonseed Meal. $24^26 per ton.
OLD HAY- Wheat, $If"SU 50 for gcod to
choice and JS@9 50 for lower grades; Wheat and
Oat, JS@lO 60; Oat, $769 50; Barley, J6(gS; Al
falfa, $697.
NEW Wheat. JB<g9 50; Wheat and Oat,
$g®B 50; Wild Oat, J7§S; Alfalfa, $4 Bo#6 50
per ton.
STRAW— 2S@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Continue quiet and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, Jl 4001 50; Small White. J2(??
2 07%; Large White. $1 50@l 65: Pinks, $1 65@
1 85; Reds, J3 40; Blackeye. |4@4 10: Butters,
nominal; Lima*. $3 BO04; Pea, Jl Ss@2 15; Red
Kidneys, $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%ig'3c; Flax, nominal;" Canary Seed,
2*ic per 1b: Alfalfa. 9®9V£c: Rape, 3@3Vic;
Hemp. 4''H'fi4'ii-; Timothy, *h<qi.\ic.
DREED PEAS— Nlles. Jl 5061 60; Green. Jl 75
#2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes sold at top prices in the morning,
but dropped bark In the afternoon. Onions
weakened oft again.
The Mississippi Tomatoes have well supplied
the market, though prices keep up very well.
Other Vegetables are quiet and in good supply.
A ten pound box of Tomatoes from the Kiver
Bold at Jl 25. This is the tlrst arrival from the
River.
POTATOES New Peerless, $1 40@l 85; new
Early Rose. $1 35@] 50; Burbanks. Jl 40@l 85 per
ctl on the wharf.
ONIONS New, 35®45c per sack for red and
per ctl for Silverykins.
VEGETABLES Asparagus, 60c(5Jl 25 per box
for No. 2. Jl 50&1 75 for No. 1 and $2^2 25 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 25®Mc per box; Green Peas,
I l s©2 l^c per lh; String Beans. l©3c for Green,
4*550 for Refugee and 2®3c for Golden Wax:
Horse Beans, I'KfSOo per sack; Cabbage, 90c@
$1; Tomatoes, $1 iO®2 50 per box; Mississippi
Tomatoes, $1 50@l 75; Egg Plant. 7IBI2VJC per
1b; Garlic, 3@6c lor new: Dried Okra, 15c per
lb; Dried Peppers, We; Green Peppers, 10c; Car
rots, ,""i;4'i. per sack; Sacramento and Marys
ville Cucumbers, 7'.i"i7?l per box; Summer
Squash, 35@50c per box for Vacaville and 75c
f(jfl for Bay: Green Corn, 10@25c per dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Poultry from the East sold at
12''714<- for Turkeys. $1 50 for Ducks, $1 50 for
Geese, $7@B for Hens and $6 for old Roosters.
There will be no more in from the East this
week.
Local stock shows no particular change.
POULTRY Live Turkey*. 13«*14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 '
gl 2.".: Goslings, Jl@l 25; Ducks. $4@5 tor old
and *4 50yiri 50 for young; Hens, $5 ."'"''(7; young
Roosters $6@<B; old Roosters, $5 60®6; Fryers,
$4.5065; Broilers $3®4 for large, $2@2 50 for
small: Pigeons, $1 25ra'2 per dozen for old and
$1 2.~.<?/l 50 for Squabs.
GAME Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
All descriptions under this head remain un
changed, though dealers are complaining of the
suddenlng slackening up in the demand, the
market being very dull at the moment.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery, lSVi@l9c; ■ sec
onds, 17%ei8c.
Dairy— Fancy, J7@l7%c; good to choice. 16®
lb> 2 - ■ : store, 14<§"15c per lb.
CHEESE— mild new. B@B%c; old, 7i c;
Young America. 10c: Eastern. 13915 c.
EGGB Quoted at lM?l7c for store and 19<@2i">c
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 16ijjl7c for No. 1
and 14©15 c for seconds. .. .;
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
The cannors are paying the following prices
for future delivery: Peaches, J2O for frees and
$30 for clings; Apricots, $30960 per ton, accord
ing to size, quality and district; Bartlett Pears,
$40-545 per ton.
The latest news Is the reported shortage in
1 yellow and green canning Plums. How serious
i It is is not yet known.
[ Peaches, Pears, Apples and small red Plums
are still coming in heavily, though a shipping
demand took a good many yesterday. Arrivals
of Berries were also large, but they sold off
well. Currants are getting very scarce
DECIJLU UUH FKUITS
Apples, 25((i40c per small and 50cj?Jl per large
box and 15*3 35c per basket.
BERRIES Gooseberries, 40C«0c per drawer
and 4'gsc per Ib'in bulk;- Blackberries, $3 50@6
| per chest; from Fresno, 60c per crate; from
Newcastle. 60c: Strawberries, J6#lo per cheat
for small and J3@4 for large berries'; Raspber
ries. J4@7 per chest; Newcastle Raspberries, 75
4TBSc per crate; Logan Berries, Jlt/fi per chest.
Seedless Grapes from Yuma, Jl 50®l 75 per |
crate.
Currants, J4'9's per chest.
Cherries, Pso«isl 25 per box for black: Royal
Anne, $I@l. 25; black, in 1 bulk, 7©9 c per lb;
Royal Anne, 7Vi<T!'c: cracked Cherries. 4fu6c.
Green Pears. 20*5 per box and 16®25c per
basket; Bartletts, nominal.
Fig(», 75c per drawer and J2 25 per box for
black and - for white.
Apricots, 50e<S$l per box and 40<??fi0c per basket
for Royals.
Peaches, lf>i??6oc per box and 15|T35c per bas
ket. ' . • -V. .
Plums, 25((5'75c per box: large Plums. 6Oc(gsl
per crate: .Japanese Plums. 51 50 per crate.
Cherry Plums. 15fi2.'.c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges, $2 5004 per
box; Seedlings, $12592 25: Mediterranean
1 Sweets, $20S; Lemons, 5003 for common and
$2 5(K§3 for good to choice: Mexican Limes
4 50; California Limes, 25@50c per small box
j Pomelos, 50c@$l; Bananas. Jl 50&2 50 per bunch-
I Pineapples. $24(3 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUITS— 6>,c for 40-50's, 5c
for 50-60's, 4c for 60-70's, 3%@3»ic for 70-SO's.
2^473^0 for SO-90's, 2%@2%c for 90-100's and
2@2%c for 100-110's; Peaches, S^(S9Vjc for good
to -choice, 10@10V4c for fancy and 14«215c for
peeled; Apricots. 12%@13c for Royals and 14®
15c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, nominal
sun dried, out; Plums, nominal, l^c for unpit
ted and 4U'g6c for pitted; Peare, 3@9c, accord
ing to color, etc.
RAISINS- for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown. 5%c frr four-crown, 4'/4^6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3Vic for Seedless Muscatels and Jl 20
for I>>ndon layers; Dried Grapes, 2% <ii 3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 7c per 11.; Walnuts s@Sc
for hardshell. 10®llc for softshell; Almonds gfl
9c for hardshell. 12<aMc for softshell. 14@16c for
papershell: Peanuts. 6@7c for Eastern and 4V40
6c for California; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 10®llp for bright and SiH9c
for lower grades; water white extracted 6%Ca)
7c; light amber extracted, 6"i4j6Vic; dark, 5@
5',4c per lb. : ". ■■;.
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per TT>. '
PROVISIONS.
Cottolene i? weak at the decline Lard is un
settled. Bacon Is steady and Hams are firm.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Be per tt> for heavy,
S%<?9<-' for light medium. 10Vi@llc for light, 12c
for extra light and 12'ii513c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lH4igil2c; California
Hams. lO^c; Mess Beef. Jl3 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef. Jl4; Family Beef, . 116015 50; extra
prime Pork. $12 60; extra clear, Ji6 50; mess,
J15@15 60; Smoked Beef. 12c per !T>.
LARD— Tierces quoted at si4@sJ4c per It) for
compound and 6^@7c for. pure; half barrels,
pure. 7" c; io-n> tins, 7*i@Sc; 5-Ib tins. S@SVic.
COTTOLENE— 6%fg6%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, 9>ic;
3-Ib pails. 20 in a case, s%c; 5-lt> pails, 12 In a
case, S&c; 10-tb pails, 6 in a case, S%c; 50-It)
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, ""fee; wooden buckets, 20
fbs net, SVsC; fancy tubs, SO lbs net, 77fec; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, ~%c.
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands Bell
about lc under the quotations. ■ Heavy salted
steers, lie; medium, 10c; light. 914 c; Cowhides.
94c; Stags, 6Vic; Salted Kip. 9%c; Calf. 10c;
dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands, 13c;
dry Kip and Veal, 15@15%c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@35c each; short
Wool, 35<Jj50c each; medium. 60@75c; Ion? Wool,
90ci£ $1 25 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2#2 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colts, 50c
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4'g4V 4 c per It); No.
2, 3&3Hc; refined,, ; grease, 2c.
WOOL . — Spring Clips — San Joaquln and
Southerns, 7 months. 7<S'9c: Foothill and North
ern tree, ll@l2s4c; Foothill and Northern de
fective. 9fillc; Nevada, 10@13c; San Joaquin
Foothill free. 9*8110; do defective. 7@9c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino. ln@l6c; Eastern Oregon,
ll<?m<- for choice and 9@llc for fair to good.
HOPS— IS9S crop, 13@17%c per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Beyond a alight Improvement in Lamb there
is nothing new.
Wholesale rates frr>m slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7%@SV£c per IT) for Steers and 6Vi@Tc
for Cows.
YEAL — 7(g9c rer It). >
MUTTON— Wethers. 7®7</4c: Ewes, 7e per It).
LAMB- Spring. 7'- 'SSUc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 6',-i.(go%c for small. s».i'f?
5%c for medium and 506% c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4%(g5c; dressed Hogs, 7@
8«c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 6U@5%0; Wool
Bags, 26023 c; San Quentin Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton. $S; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle. $6;
Bryant $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Scotch. $8; Cumberland. $8 50 in bulk and $9 50
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, 17 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14
in sacks.
CORDAGE— Is quoted as follows: Pure Ma
nila, 12c; Sisal, lU t c; bale rope. He; Duplex,
10>,.,c per lb basis.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, Hie;
Powdered, s]Jic: Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, sVic; Confectioners' A. sVic; Cali
fornia A. sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C. 4^c;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels. l-16c more; half-barrels,
■•♦c more; boxes, He more; 50-lb bags, He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday. June 15.
Flour, qr sks 15.230 Sugar. Ibis 100
Wheat, ctls 1.080 Chicory, sks 52
Barley, ctls 1,465 Lime, bbls 22*.
Oats, ctls 30 Powder, kegs 100
Corn, ctls, East. 1,200 Wool, bags 131
Cheese, rtls 27" Hops, bales R 1
Butter, ctls 3«.0 Quicksilver, flks. 9 I
Tallow, ctls 233 Hay, tons 477 I
Beans, sks 173 Eggs. doz 16,680
Potatoes, Fk* 3,599 Leather, r011?.... 184
Onions, pks 817 Hides, no 3fis
Bran, sks 9?0 Pelts, bdls 506
Middlings, sks... 350, Wine, gals 45,100
Sugar, sks 670
THE STOCK MARKET.
Pales on the morning session of the Bond
Exchange were few and the only change was
an advance in Oceanic to $87.
There were no fluctuations worthy of note on
the afternoon call.
Mining stocks were rather steadier and sev
eral advanced slightly. ' The telegram from
the pump paid: "Repairs on the C. and C.
hoisting engine were finished yesterday. Ran ,
the engine all night and resumed work at all
points through the shaft this morning. The j
second elevator is keeping the water down by
running one-third time."
The Hutchinson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cents per share, pay
able on the 2"ih
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared a dividend of 42 cents per share, pay
able on the 20th..
The Oakland Gas Company paid a dividend 1
of 25 cents per snare yesterday.
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone and Tele- j
graph companies paid the usual monthly divi
dends yesterday.
I A bullion shipment valued at $100,000 was re- '
j cently made from the De Lamar mine in
Eastern Nevada. At present the mil! is crush
ing 9000 tons of ore per month.
The Dexter mine of Tuscarora, Nev., recently
shipped a bar of bullion valued at $4600, and
200 pounds of auro-i-yanlden.
The repairs to the caved portion of the
, VjndiK drift which the ChoUar, Potosi and Oc
cidental Consolidated mining companies have
been reopening at Joint exnense, preparatory to
extending that drift 1000 feet from its present
face to the north line of the Occidental Con- '
solidated mine, have been completed and the
work will now proceed more rapidly.
In the Belcher mine, the- east crosscut on the
1000-foot level is now out 174 feet from the
main north lateral drift, having been advanced
six feet during the past week. The face Is
In porphyry. On the 1100-foot level they have ■
been engaged In cleaning out and otherwise re
pairing the joint Belcher. Yellow Jacket and
Crown Point drift. On the 1200-foot level the
! raise from east crosscut No. 1 is now up
, seventeen feet, five feet having been made dur
, ing the week. The' top snows a mixture of j
quartz and porphyry. They have hoisted dur-|
ing the week and stored in the ore house at
the mine forty mining carloads of ore, the
average assay of the top car samples being
$29 29 per ton.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, June 15—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Hid Ask.
Bond*— Mutual El Co. 15 —
4s quar c0up. .114 — Oakland Gas.. 45 48
4s quar reg... — — Par Gas Imp.. 72% 73,4
4s quar new.,128%130 I I'ar I. On ■. - 4=.
!Es quar coup. .loß — SF G & E.... 71% 72
Miscellaneous— Ban Fran ;;•>, i\
Cal-at Cab 58.117 —-Stockton Gas. 12 —
C C Wat - ,p — 111 112*; ■ Insurance—
E L & P G5..130&— FlrenVs Fund. 22o —
F & (I Ry Ss.llo'/3 — I Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R as. 90 99 lAnglo-Cal .... - 65H
HC & S 5V45..102U. — IBank of Ca1..270 —
L A Ry 55.... 106*; — Cal S D & T. — 99
LA L Co 68.101H — (First Nationl.22o —
Do Kntd 65.101H — Lon P&- A....129?;i3m
L A I. Co ss. — 102% Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65.. 129 - Nev Nat Bk.. — —
Do Ist M ss.U6*;il7V4 Savings Banks—
NC N OK 75.10S - Ger S & L..1600 1880
N Ry Cal 65.. — 117 Hum S & L.1050 1160 '
NR of Cal os. — 114 Mutual Saw 35 —
NP C R R 6s. — — SI Say 1.. 500 —
NPC R R ss. — — 8 & L So.. — SR'A
N Cal R R ss.Hl — '3ecurlty SB.— 300 "
Oak Gas 55.. 11l — I Union T Co. — 1465
Om C Rv fis.l27 130 I Street Railroads—
1P& Cl Ry 63.107 — California ....116 —
1P & O 6s 117 — Geary 50 — •
, Powell-.«t 85... — 1224 Market-st 62U 62', '
I Sac El Ry ss. — — Oak sL & H — — ' .
1 3F&,XP ss. — 116V4 Presidio — 16'
1 S F & S JVSs. 114^115 i Powder—
I Sierraß Cal 6».1W" — Icalifornia ....158 170
; S P of A 65..113V;iH E Dynamite... 30 _
S P C Cs (19(V.) - USVS Giant Con Co. 74' i 74% 1
.SP C6s (1906) — — Vlgorlt 3>i 3?*
S PC 6s (1912) — — ! Sugar—
!SPC Is eg 55.104 — Hana P C 0.... 17T4 ISVi
PBr 6s 124 — Haw C & S C.100% — [ ,
S V Wat 65. ..116 — ! Hutch S P Co. 33 !* 33%
S V Wat 45... 104% — Kilauea P Co. 3f>»4 —
S V W4s(3dm>. Onomea S Co. 40' 4 41
Stktn Gas 65..102H — Paauhau S P.. — 41
Water Stocks— i Miscellaneous— ; ;
Contra Costa.. 70 — IAI Pac Assn. .112*6113
Marin Co SO — Ger 1..1 Wks.&iU —
Spring Valley. 101 I Mer Ex Assn. 90 — .
Gas and Electric— i Oceanic S Co. S6Vi 87
Capital Gas... — — Pae A VA. .. <i' ,
Central G Co.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.1254130. 1254130
Cent L & P.. — 7 Par Paint Co.. 7Vj —
K<iult G L. Co. 5 — 1
. Morning Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Association 112 62Vi \ ;
75 Equitable Gas .-, (*)'
20 Oceanic 8 S Co .".. S6 00
45 Oceanic S S C 0... S6 50
20 Oceanic B S Co 87 00 :
IS Oceanic S S Co m;  2
50 Onomea Sugar Co 40 so
126 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 50
7.1 S F Gas & Electric Co ; 71 75
$"6000 S V 4 per cent bonds...; 104 ,jo
Street—
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 114 75
Afternoon Session. ■
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con ....74 75
6O.Hana Plantation Co ..18 00.
3." Hawaiian Com] & Sugar 100 50
25 Hawaiian Com] & Sugar, cash 100 50
100 Hutehinson B P Co 33 75
SO Market Street Railway • 62 .-,-
-10 Market Street Railway, b 3 62 25
25 Mutual Electric Light.. 15 00
'50 Oceanic S S. Co gfi so
60 Onomea Sugar Co 4050
60 Paauhau S P Co .; , 40 75
50 s F Gas & Electric Co 71 75
50 S V Water ; 101 7-,
10 s V Water..... ;...102 00
Street— ■ |
20 Alaska Packers' Association v* g»y
160 Hana Plantation Co 18 00
100 Vlgorlt Powder 30- :
INVESTMENT BOARD. '
Morninß Session.
Board
-100 Vigorit Powder..... 3 Ofl
50 Central Light A Power " 6V) ■
BO Hutehinson SP Co '33--, :
2.'. Hutchlnson S P Co ' 33 fi ', u 1
10 Hana Plantation Co „ "is rvV '
20 Paauhau B P Co !'.".".'. 40 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 R F Gas & Electric Co 71 - n
20 S F Gas & Electric Co '" 71 2,,, '
25 S F Gas & Electric C 0... '""71 I-?
30 Mutual Electric Light "" 14 ?'{? :
10 Oceanic S.S Co "";; 2S» i
150 Vigorit Powder |;" 3 25
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGF
BOARD. - ■ . }
Morning Session. >
Board—
40 Onomea Sugar Co •.......'....... 40 60 •'
lOOnomea Sugar C 0...... ••• <<> $?■
--45 S F Gas & Electric Co A -a
Afternoon Session.
Board— _. _
10 Contra Costa Water TO 00
SO Giant Powder ■• '•' "'
45 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 10000 ,
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 71 <=>
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: •■ .
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher 4S 180 Hale & Nona*. 34
100 Caledonia 76 600 Ophir I «
; 200 Caledonia 75 200 Overman ....... £>
75 Confidence 1 001 200 Potosi .. •■• ;
100 Gould & Curry. 26 200 Sierra Nev hs
Afternoon Session.
inn Belcher 3S 200 Ophir 100
100 Belcher 89 WO Potosi 38
200 Best & Belcher 46 100 Sierra Nev 6J
650 Con Cal * V...1 • «'> 100 Sierra Nev 70
•200 Hale & Norcrs. 34 200 Union <-'<" 3.'
■■' Hale & Norcrs. 33 100 Union C0n...... 40
toe Julia 02 50 Yellow Jacket., 41
100 Justice IS
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2no Belcher 36 200 Hale <?- Norcrs. 34
700 Best & Belcher 47 300 Mexican 43
100 Caledonia 71 600 Mexican «
LOO Caledonia 72 200 Ophir 105
i 100 Caledonia 73 20& Ophir i "■ -
! 100 Caledonia 74 500 Potosi «
I 800 Choi tor '.. 2*5 300 Savage 2..
SOO Con Cal .<• V...1 55 200 Sierra Nev to
200 Gould & Curry. 26 400 Utah I*
Afternoon Session.
700 Andes 13 200 Ophir 1 02H
300 Best & Belcher 47. 400 Ophir 100
400 Rest & itelcher 46 500 Overman IS
300 Caledonia 72 1 goo Potosi M
650" Caledonia 71 400 Potosi 36
300 Justice is! 500 Yellow- Jacket.. 41
200 Ophir 1 05!
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. June 15—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 05 Kentuck "4 06
Alta ....'. 04 M I,any Wash.... 01 "2
i Andes 13 15 Mexican" 46 47
Belcher 37 38 Occidental 25 27
Best .<• Belcher 45 46 Ophir 100 106
Bullion 06 07 Overman 18 Is*
Caledonia — 70 Potosi 35 36
('hollar 24 26 Savage 24 26
Challenge Con. "34 35 Scorpion — 03
Confidence 1001 05 Seg Belcher.... 07 OS
Con Cal « V...1 50 155 Sierra Nev 67 hs
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill 02 03
Crown Point... 29 30 Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — 03 Standard 2402 50
; Exchequer 02 03 Si Louis 11 I-
Gould & Curry. 25 27 Union Con 30 4 "
i Hale & Norcrs. 33 34 Utah 13 14
Julia 02 03 Yellow Jacket.. 33 40
! Justice 17 IS
. » .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Htbernia Savings and Loan Society to Timo
thy J and John F. O'Connor, lot on N line of
Waller street, 141:3 E of Lacuna, E 25 by X
137:6; $2000
Bernard Mehl to Sarah A. Snyder, lot on XF.
corner of Flllmore and Hermann streets, N 21
by E *1:3; $10.
August and Marie Schaefer to Emily Hartter
(wife of I,oui;>), lot on E line of Steiner street,
82 6 s of Fulton, S 27:6 by E 110; $10.
Adele M. McCracken (wife of William) to
Daniel Einstein, lot on S line of Page street,
114 Eof Central avenue (Lott), S 137:6, W 22:2
to beginning; $10.
Charles S. and Covington Johnson, Cornelia
J. Prlnsle and Juliet J. Mezes to Anna C.
Brouchoud (wife of Joseph F.), lot on 9 line
. of Oak street, 162:3 W of central avenue (Lott),
; W 30:10<i by S 137:6; $10:
Same to Carrie Green (wife of D. H.). lot on
N line of Page street, 165:"V4 W . of Central
avenue (Lott), W 27:6 by N 137:6; $10.
German Savings and Loan Society to Isaac
I Anderson, lot on F. line of Fierce street, 166 S
! of Waller, S 25 by E 91:3, lot 11, block 2.
Marion Tract (hospital lot); $10.
Isaac Anderson to -William H. Manuell.
same; $10.
Estate of John A. Monroe (by A. C. Freese,
administrator) to Ellen Dore, 343-11. 520 th inter
est of State title of the water property of
North Peter Smith Tract, bounded "ii X by
Larkln street. W by charter line of 11.'.1"'.I 1 .'. 1 "'. N by
ships' channel In Bay of San Francisco, S by
high water mark of Bay of San Francisco: $2W.
Olivia K. Townsend to William S. Townsend,
lot on W line of Valencia street. 200 S of
Twenty-third, S 75 W 161:5%. N 76:8%, E
151:1%; also lot on W line of Valencia street.
275 S of Twenty-third. W 161:5% by SW 3%
inches; also property outside of county (quit
claim deed); $10.
Mark Kraus to Barbetta Kraus. lot on XW
corner of Twenty-fifth and Alabama streets, XV
25 by N 104: gift.
Abraham and Bertha Krause to Barbetta"
Krause, same; Rift.
Alice H. and Ida W. Walter to Charles Hill,
lot on E line of Sanchez street, 76:6 N of Val
ley. X 25 by E 100; $650.
Mary Cruse (widow) to Thomas J.. William
J.. Frank H. and Mary A. Cruse, lot on W
line of Castro street, 220 X of Twentieth. X
27:6 by W 140; girt.
Edward Mandonnet to John F. Hagerty, lot
on SW corner of Sacramento street and Pros
pect place, VV 80 by S 46: $1,100.
Luigi and Teresa Pardini (by Eigisto c. Pal
mieri, attorney) to Josephine Pardini, lot on
S line of Union street, 137:6 W of Mason W
?A:V : by S 137:6 (quitclaim deed): $10.
Michael Sullivan to Margaret Sullivan (wife
of M.) rerecord of 1064 d 397, lot on NW line
of Brannan street, 86 SW of Sixth, SW 20 by
NW 75; gift.
Margaret Sullivan (widow) to A. W. and
Charlotte Anderson, same; $10.
Fred A. McNally to William D. Canty, lot
on W line of Third avenue, 425 X of Point
Lobos, X 37:6, W 69:6Vi. SW to point E 74 IV.
$10.
c. S. and Maria C. Kittredge to John R.
Lezott. lot on W line of Sixth avenue, 225
X of B street. X 25 by W 120; $10.
Daniel A hern to Mary A. Feaheny, lot on W
line of Thirty-sixth avenue, 125 X of P street
X 25 by W 120; $300.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Cuneo and Costa Company (a corpora
tion), strip two feet wide fronting on Clinton
avenue, lying between property of second party
and Clinton avenue, being same strip reserved
on Map Subdivision No. 1 Castro Street Ad
dition recorded October 29, 1895; $10.
Glo Batta Buggiano to Antonio D<>paoll un
divided half Interest in lot on W line of Pot
rero street. 200 X of Burrows, X 50 by W 100
lots 31 and 32, block B. Haley Purchase; $600.
Alameda County.
Morris and .leannle K. Lobner to Joseph
Court, lot on W line of Peralta street 40 s
of West Fourteenth. S 22 by W 100, block 7°(i4
Oakland (subject to a mortgage for $700); $10. '
Frank L. Potter (administrator estate "of
Gottlieb ttahr and Henrietta J. R. Rahr. by
W. s. Harlow. commissioner to Oakland Bank
of Savings, lot on F. line o" Mason street 17.'i
S of Thirty-second. S 50, E 133:3 x 25 W 3
inches, X 25, w 133 to beginning, being the
X one-quarter of lot 4 and S one-quarter of
lot 5, block G. Map of lands of Peralta Home
stead Association. Oakland: $956.
Frederick and Caroline M. Gallien (by J B
Lanktree, commissioner) to Golden Rule Mutual
Building and Loan Association, lot on S line
of Ninth street, 114:9% E of Center F 50 by
S 120. being lot 11. block 552, Eighth-street
Tract. Oakland; $2786. ' • "
John A. Brltton (executor estate of Mary X
Eastland) to Anna Reier, all interest in lot
on W line of Adeline street, 174:8% X ol
Eighth, W 128:3 by X 91, block 547, Oakland
s3.>oo.
Sanford A Burnham to Daniel c. Breed lot
on S line of Thirty-seventh street, "M 9-, y of
Market. E 40 by S 150, being the \V 10 fee
of lot 13 and E 30 feet of lot 14. Map of Beck
ett second Addition to Oakland, Oakland;
■: Pacific Coast Dredging and Reclamation Com
pany of San Fracnlsco (a corporation) to w
G Drum, lot on XE corner of Campbell and
Eighteenth streets E 145.99. X to Encinal line
AY to East Campbell street. s to beginning
also Int on SW corner of Campbell and E eh
teenth streets. w 190, s to marsh line (£
called), thence XX 204.93. SE 30. 1S Xto beg?n"
ning; also all that portion of lots 14 and 13
block 740-A. that lies to the X of said marsh
in and W of a line drawn parallel with 7 11S
in the middle of Peralta street, and 264 ""!
\\ therefrom; also lot on SW corner of PeraVt-i
and Twenty-second streets. S 12S-9 w ISO 2
450, to X line of Twentieth street then™ \v
190 to E line of Campbell street, thence X W
to Twenty-second street, thence E 370 to begin
nin K . bein X lots 1. 2. 12 to 17. blotk 7M Hm£hl
ham Tra,-t; also all interest In lot on VW cor
, ner c r/ , ( ' amp f b i 1 an ' 1 Seventeenth streets, W
to SB line of i'nrcel No. 2. above described
la h nd; e slo! E ""' SE 8 l °
W. G. Drum to B. H. Madison same (five
descriptions). Oakland; $10. ' c ( " c
,o C v? rI ? E , Ra £ b to Ado 'Ph Calileaud, lots 9 and
land •"s? Beaudry and Peladeau Tract. Oak
Constance A. Meeks to Blanche- T. Heath lot
on s.r: line of First avenue. 50 NE or East
Eleventh street. NE 50 by SE 100 block "7
Clinton. East Oakland- $3000
Mary A Chlpchase to John M.. Eliza D. and
Clara E. Chipchase and Lucy C. Gray (Chip
chase lot on s line of Encinal avenue, 300 B
of Willow street. E 50 by S 150, being lot 12.
block H. lands adjacent to Encinal, Alameda:
Augustus H. Ward to Margarett Plummer.
lot on W line of Weber street. 275 S of Central
avenue. S 100. TV' 130.35, X 100. E 129.75 to be
ginning, being lots 96 and 97. Encinal Park
Tract. Alameda: $10.
C. H. and Rhoda S. Reed to Margaretta D.
Landon, lot on X line of Van Buren street. 50.
\\ of Grove, X 109.75 by W 88, being a portion
of lot 6. block A, Sat her Trust property, map 1.
Alameda; ; $10. .
Builders' Contracts
< ongregation Sherith Israel (owner* with D.
7-linsky (contractor). architects Salfleld &■
Kohlberg. Painting and decorntlng for churrh
building on NB corner of Post and Taylor
streets, E 105 by X r»7 -fi - MWO
Boston's Cemeery Card Catalogue.
All the data necessary for a complete
directory of tho old cemeteries in Boston
has been collected by the Cemetery Com
mission. The burying grounds have been
surveyed, the tombstone inscriptions cop
ied and the plans of the grounds have i
been worked out, showing where the
stones are located. All this information
will- be compiled into a catalogue system
like that at the Boston Public Library.
The name of the interred person is writ
ten on one side of the card and a copy
of the tomb inscription i 3 written on the
othfr side. This is the culmination of a
plan that was adopted by the Cemetery
Commission Boon after its appointment
the object of it hemp to establish a trust
worthy record, as complete in detail as it
is now possible to make it.— Boston Tnn
scrlpt. >
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
L'nited States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times ami Heights of High and 1., -v
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ■
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur
the city fnnt (Mlsaion-strett wharf \
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort P
the height of tide is the same at both plai -
FRIDAY, JUNE 16.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the ti.-n
the early morning tides are given in the lot
hand column and the successive tides of th
day in the order of occurrence as to time, t^
second time column gives the second tide r.- 1
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or rirht hand column gives th*
last tide of the day. except where there ar* but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The h»iph'«
given are addition? to the soundlni on tn«-
I'nfted States Coast Survey charts, exc-pj -
when a minus sien (— ) precedes the i.piebt
and then the number given is subtracted frr.rr
the depth riven by the charts. The plane o> :
reference is the mean of the lower low waters
riMr: halt
Branch Hydrosrraphlc °ffl rif> . V 5. N . M°rT
chants' Exchange. San I
June 16, V-<-<.
The time ball on the tower of tl c ■--•■>.
buildiner was dropped at exactly noon t
i. p.. at noon of the 120 th n
o'clock mi . Greenwich time.
C Q CALKINS
Lieutenant fommandfr, U. P. N . In i
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. .Tun* 1?
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, S4 hours from Pan
; Pedro."
Stmr Glrsy, Inland, 1' hours from Mops
Thrilling.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson. 19 hours from Fort
! Braep. with barge Fort Bract: in tow.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, 47 hours from Coos
: Ray.
Pk C. D. Bryant, Colly. 17 days from Hono
lulu.
CLEARED.
i Thursday. .Tune 15.
I Ptmr Umatllla, Cousins. Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of California. Goodall, Astoria;
: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall. San Pedro: Goodall,
Perkins <£- Co. ■
Bk Annie Johnson, Nelson. Hilo; J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Co.
SAILED
Thursday, June 15.
Stmr Alameda, Yon Oterendorp. Honolulu
. and Sydney.
Stmr T-'matilla, Cousins. Victoria and Port j
i Town send.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Townsend, Hughes, Kotzebue Sound.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego
Stmr Crescent City. Stookfleth. Crescent
; City.
Bk Albert, Griffiths. Honolulu.
Bk Theobald. Cameron, Nanaimo.
Schr Snokar.e. Jamleson. Port Gamble.
Sclir General Banning. Thomas. La Paz.
Schr Mary c, Ma<lsen. Fort Ross.
Schr Archie &■ Fontie. Jensen, .
Schr Con.anza. Christiansen, .
RETURNED.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen, hence June 13. for
; Usal— Returned to nort on account of strik
: Ing a rock off Greenwood June 14. at 9 p. m.
telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, June 15, 10 p. m.— Weather
. thick; wind SW; velocity 6 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Edward May toads mdse for Hilo.
The Afon Alaw is chartered for wheat to
' Europe, 30s; Benares, same business, July
! loading. 32s 6d, prior to arrival.
The Joseph Russ loads mdse for Santa
; Rosalia.
The Klikitat and Okanocan load lumber at
I Port Gamble for Honolulu; Plus, lumber at
: Port Blakeley for Dublin.
SPOKEN.
Per bk C. D. Brant; from Honolulu June 15—
j June 11, lat SS 51 X, long 133 50 W. Hr ship
Sprlngburn, from Newcastle, N. S. W., for
San Francisco.
DOMESTIC POP
TACOMA— Arrived June 14-Stmr Walla
. Walla, -hence June 10.
Sailed June 14-Stmr Cottage City, for Dyea.
NEAH— Passed June !.' Sttl Mmeola. from
; Nanaimo. for Port Los Angeles. Stmr Sam. a,
from Eureka, for Seattle. .
PORT ANGELES— In bay June 15— Br ship
1 Laomene, for Portland. '
UMPQUA— Arrived June 14-Schr r -' lv - hence
"grays harbor Sailed June 14 — s s h Vo
,ant UA June H li stria Si»« River, for San
F PORT C ° GAMBLE Arrived June 15-Schr
Golden Shore. '™ 1 ,""""' u lu \, « tmr v K 
criTTlf Arrived June In — Mmr -\l-i\t.
from S MnrK.r. lion, from Dyea; Stmr J
Samoa -from Sun Stmr Santa Cruz, from
A l?«?u?rf lune IS—l* S stmr McCulloch, for
Alaska? "Strnr Lu.ra.ia, for Dyea. Stmr Cot
gSS^'p'fcimo-^Tled June 15-Schr Serena
I Thayer. for Taooma. Schr Lizzie Vance, for
E NEWPORT-Arnv P .. June 15-Schr Mabel
KMEN DOCIKO^A?rived June 15-Schr Nettie
Iffi'^n^Stmr -'Point Arena, for Snn '
billed June 15 Stmr Point Arena, for Snn
F^rA i H°BVT-Passed in June 13- Bk Levi G.
nuree" hence June 4. for Taeoma.
PORT \NGELES— SaiIed June 15— Br ship
i«omene ' for Knaorton.
Vrrived Juno 14— Schr Gotama. hence June 5.
TACOMA— Sailed June 14 — Schr Annie Lar
sen; for San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived June lo— Stmr Luella,
hence June 13.
Sailed June 15— Stmr Luella, for Yaquir.a
Bay. Stmr Ponoma. for San Francisco.
CASPAR— SaiIed June — Stmr Cleone, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 1"— Schr Ivy, for
San Francisco.
. - FOREIGN PORTS.
SWANSEA— SaiIed' June 13— Br ' ship Lord
Cairns, for San Franc
SHIELDS— SaiIed June ]"— Br ship Cambus
kenneth. for San Francisco.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed June 15— Br ship Se
mantha. for Portland, Ore.
MAZATLAN— SaiIed June 13— Stmr Peru, for
San Francisco.
CHAMPERICO— SaiIed June 13— Stmr Aca
pulco. for San Francisco. . v .--
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed June 14— Br stmr Glen
ogle, for H-inrknnß. •
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 16— Stmr Bri
tannic, from New York, for Liverpool.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived June 15— Stmr Kaiser
Wil!it-!r.i 11. from New York, for Naples.
NEW YORK— June 15— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool. *— j
Sailed June 15— Stmr August* Victoria, for y
Hamburg, via Cherbourg and Southampton.
stmr Edam, for Amsterdam. stmr Prince Re
gent Lultpold, for Bremen, via Southampton.
ROTTERDAM — Arrived June 15 — Stmr
Spaarndam. from New York, via Boulogne.
Sailed June 15— Stmr -Maasdam, for New
York, via Boulogne.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed June Stmr Werk
endam, for New York. .'- .1-ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
HEAVY PENALTY
EXACTED FROM
MRS. GRIMM
Is Shorn of Children
and Property.
PRICE OF HER MISDEEDS
SURRENDERS ALL TO GAIN HER
LIBERTY.
Deserted by the Companions Wlio
Were Responsible for Her
Downfall She Seeks to
Shield Them.
LAMEDA, Juno 15.— Mrs. Mamie
. • he woman *
• alty of her
■ • mpan
-9 with whom . while her
a court of ;
:' c ruelty t
■
will, but i
!
i! sur
■ . might
rty, and that h( r
I ■
■
. n b>
ho go
d with her
me,
: i was brought Into
the charge
: with Atti
■
y for the Protection
of her little
w'.th Mr. Tay
■ irimm was ad
■ unless ■ 1 all
on for
■
■
rs and an-
I that
:: ■ OUt to
■
.i So
guard
• n ler prop
r her
i this
i her were
•
i valuable Park
■
I to put them in
Mrs Grimm
i Bhe must
• arrow path, or
M
w i i • ■ fflcul
hlm with
. He will be
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
lit of Margaret ■.
i W. Travel a
c Perm Martin has
- prin
to animals In .1 v
.... was com
a jury in Judge I
■ Thomas Cunniff o£
veapon was dis
l! ■
■ ■ ■ chai ge ol carry
nd will be tried
• ntric Alamedan,
m n
Asylum. Mrs. 1 '■••-
. arado was recommi
■
- c. LJoyntoi and M
/• ■ ■ . etly married Ins; -
T. Sunderland, pastor of
church of this i itj . The
■ Ing in
timates that the pn
it one-fortieth of
crop is the
nown in the cherry pro
ricts of th< S Lt< The failure
.i by ?he droug
rains in . '
Still Searching for Her Husband.
OAKLAND, . :
• ' 1 .•■
■ ■ ng h r lost hus
up the
M
• bul. beli< ■ ■' man is siu-
"I know Mrs-. Desh-iyes. She has been
to pee mo .it my office tn San Francisco.
Fhe remained there f r "" nearly two hours,
giving rrif ;i detailed account of the dis- I
appearance and allowed assassination of
her husband. ] ha\"i» b^en In this country
for a short time only, but I have hoard a
jrr"at :.;il of this woman. She asked me
if I would allow her to make a search of ;
the premises; and I told her she was at
liherty to do so. She came here one night
late and wanted to search them, but I
could not allow It because of the time of
tho Ight and cause I had an engage
ment to keep. She has not been here
pineej but she may come at any time. She
1«= not nn educated woman. She told me
that she had been . married in Brazil be
fore she «\ime here. She has threatened
the liiV of the man she suspects of her
husband's murder. I believe hi knows, of
her suspicions, but I think it my duty
n-i\v t., inform him of her threats. I !
have nskf,i countrymen of mine if they i
consider Mrs. Deshayca insane, and they
suy that she is not crazy. They say she
is very v ■nsible, because a short time be
fore her husband disappeared he took out
a heavy policy In an insurance company
on his life.:
p k---n to on the snbj< ct
to find that hor hus
tiated 80 she may l>"
i life Insuranoo policy.
"If i S 'ii Francisco at tho
time I " ii ailing i><>r.pie i
would hav< .-. i W o (1 lrl have tele
graphi : as, ertained what
• r there "
Fire in a Smoke House.
' 'AKI.a:-. : ■ •;■>,„ a i,., rrn f rO m
■ was for an
iuse nt thf rear
Washington
Ninth. The
• work and
confined tl
which waa •■ dam
p the buildli . LC h about 1300,
l ut Mr. Becker estii i loss to fresh
smoked meats ai about $2000 r riio
of the fire is laid to an overheated
Bmoke house.
Beach Soule as a Rescuer.
OAK LAND. June 15. B< ach Soule is the
ndid&te for medal honors as a
r of lif«. Harry Bradley, aged 12
y> ars and son of A. .1. Bradley, while
jilayiriK in a boat in tho estuary yesterday
fell overboard. Soule witnessed the acci
dent from Ids yacht and, plunging into
the water, reached and rescued the
■ drowning lad just ;is the latter was Orb
ing for the last time.
Was Buried at Night.
OAKLAND. June 15.— The retoaina of
Miss Llllle Olson, who died (torn
i* her borne, 3 : » 3 * Magnolia si
were buried at Mountain View Cemi
last nißht. Only Health Oflieer Todd and
the uiKleitak^r in charge* attended the In
terment. The prrsonal effects of the (\r
c:ts<-<] were destroyed by fire and the
quarantine around the house is still main- I
.taine<L j
"TRIM YOUR SAILS
TO ONE DOLLAR"
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MS Broaflway, June 15.
AUDITOR TRICED has Issued his ultimatum regarding the expense of
running the city for the next fiscal year. "The cost of maintenance
shall not exceed the amount raised by a $1 tax levy," said. Mr. Breed
this afternoon. "Jn this sum must also be included the $11,000 of deficit
fir Statutory salaries that must be paid nut of next year's funds, because
there ( * no money left from this year's Income."
There will be a total deficit of 138,000, $11,000 of which is for statutory
salaries, and $28,000, the amount in excess of the estimates upon which the
last tax levy waa made. By a technicality part of of this deficit can be paid
this year. The bond interest is due July 2, and naturally should be paid.
from this year's funds. The new fiscal year begins on July 1, and by spend
!:;lt the bond Interest for paying salaries, the situation is a little bit re
lieved, but It only adds to the burdens to be carried next year.
Auditor Breed expects the total tax levy will be $1.17. This is the statu
tory dollar for maintenance and the balance for bond Interest and redemp-
Should there be any de=ire to add to the park and boulevard fund this
levy must be Increased. All the estimates of the heads of departments
now being filed with the Auditor are being cut by him to conform to his
idea of maintaining the city on a dollar levy.
LAKE MERRITT
MAY FAIL OF
IMPROVEMENTS
Big Surplus Now in
Park Fund.
FREE FOR MANY SCHEMES
FOUR VOTES REMAIN OF THE
LAST COUNCIL.
Other Portions of the City Are Anx
ious for Improvements, and the
Money in Hand Offers a
Tempting Bait.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 15.
There is in the city treasury the sum
which may be regarded as a
lus In the park and boulevard fund.
ThU sum is not a Lake Merritt dr<
■ •.: nly supposed, but is avail
able for any purpose to which the City
. i eleci se it In conformity
with the park and boulevard act. There
is no suc'i thing as a li gfal "Lake Merriti
Iging fund"; and as there is noi at
this time any contract In existence call
ing- for the expenditure of one cent of
this $53,000, there Is nothing to hinder the
City Council from spending it on any
, park or boulevard Improvement in the
city,
I ough there was a promise on the
part of the last Council that 11 would so
far as. possible see that the work begun
bould i" i d ri led on by i' -
are but four members of
this Council who can be considered as
to ; !)• Improvi ment. They
■ . • Cu\ ellii r. < flrard, Rowe and Upton.
i any way
I by any acts of i !
Council took offl< c the Lake
■ . . with
i xception of a Bpeedy action taken
>ng the ordinance appropriat
' ing $50,000 mure for building a storm Bewer
metery < 'reek.
West Oakland is Humoring for im
provements, the annexed district Is en
something and East Oakland
ts something also. It would not be
surprising therefore if pressure were
broughi to hear on the Council to al
divide up the large sum of money i
partly against popular will fur the pur
of dredging Lake Merritt, especially
as the time is about to expiri when it
v.-is guaranteed that the lake improve
ments should he completed.
A BEAUTIFUL
HOME WEDDING
OAKLAND, June 15.— 1n the presence of
•!0Q guests representing the society of
Oakland, San Francisco, Berkeley and
San Rafael and Alameda, Miss Elizabeth
Walt was wedded this afternoon to Don
ald Y. Campbell. The bride is the daugh
j ter of Robert Watt, president of the Val
i ley Railroad. The groom is a San Fran
cisco attorney. Both move in the most
: exclusive social set.
The ceremony was performed at the
1 home of the bride's parents, 1204 Madi
son street, and was solemnized by Rev.
John Bakewell of Trinity Episcopal
' Church of San Francisco, and Rev. C. K.
Brown of this city. The bride was at
tended by Miss Virginia de Fremery as
maid of honor, and by Miss Louise de
Fremery Miss Nellie Chabot, Miss Amy
McKei Miss Campbell and Miss Crosby.
The groom's best man was William
Sproule, and James McKee, Frank Deer-
Ing T C. Berry, David McClure Jr., \\ .
i: Storey Jr., R. M. Fitzgerald, William
Watt and Alexander Campbell.
The wedding party occupied places on
a dais In the conservatory, and the host
of guests witnessed the ceremony from
the parlors and dining-room, all of which
were thrown into one large chamber. The
bride wore a gown of heavy ivory satin,
trimmed with old point lace, with a yoke
of pleated tulle, and carried orange blos
> soms The bridesmaids were gowned in
white and carried American Beauty
roses The house was transformed into
one large floral bower, with yellow the
predominating color.
After the ceremony a reception was
1 held in a floral marquee on the lawn, the
guests not departing until 8 o'clock this
evening. The invited guests were:
Mr. and Mrs. Edson Adams. Mr. and
Mrs." Henry Adams, Mr. and Mrs. Irv
ing Avres, Mr. and Mrs. L. S. Adams,
Miss Edith Buckingham, Messrs. Belden, Mr.
and Mrs H. X Belrlen. Mr. and Mrs. Franklin
Ban« Mr. and Mrs. P. E. Bowie?, Mrs. B.
B. Beck Messrs. Beck, Miss Edith Beck, Mr.
and Mrs' T. L. Barker, Miss Barker, Mr. and
Mi R G. Brown, Miss Brown, Mr. and Mr--.
Frank Brown, Rev. and Mrs. C. R. Brown,
Mrs 11. A. Bulkeley, Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Bray
ton A P. Brayton Jr., Edward Hrayton, Mr.
and' Mrs. L. A. Booth, Hiss Booth, Mr. and
Mrs. Georre W. Beaver, Misses Beaver, Mr.
and Mrs. F. H. Beaver, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Brlgham' Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Brown, Misses
Brown Mr. and Mrs. Ro.«s Brown, J. W.
Byrne, Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Brown. Mr. and
Mr« George B. Boyd, Mr. and Mrs. John
\> • d Mr and Mrs. Sumner Bugbee. Mrs.
Alfred Bawtow, Miss Bar«tow, Alfred Bar
tow Mr. and Mrs. Sam Breck. Mrs. Harriett,
Rev.' and Mrs. Bakewell, Miss Bakewell,
Messrs. Bakewell, Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Bullitt,
Miss Barnes, Mrs. 11. •'. Bacon, Miss Bacon.
Mr. and Mrs. George Berton, Mr. and Mrs. An
tolne Borel. Misses Borel, Mr. and Mrs. Burke,
Mips Conway, Mr. and Mrs. K. J. Crane, Dr.
and Mrs. Coyle, Mrs. A. Chabot, Miss
Thibet Mr. and Mrs. John C. Coleman. Misses
c.ieinan Edward Coleman, Mrs. J. W. Cole
man Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Corhill, A.
W Clement, Major and Mrs. C. <;. Clay,
Mi'rs Clay. Mr. and Mrs. Harrison Clay,
Mr* Keml Chabot. Mr. and Mrs. An
drew Can-Iran, Miss Carrisran. W. 1,. Car
rliran Misses Hutchlnson, Messrs. Hutch
ison' Mr. and. Mrs. Marcus Hyde. Mr. and
I.:, Hume Mr. and Mrs. Southard Hoffman.
*\i»«'«.r* Hoffman, Miss May Hoffman, Mr.
nnd Mrs Sam Hubbard, Misses Heron, Mr.
and Mrs ' Frederick Hall, Mr. and Mrs Hall,
MnJor and Mrs. Hooper. Mr. and Mrs. Holrn<r.
Mr and Mrs. T. H. Henshelwood. Mr and
Mrs W- G. Henshaw. Mr and Mrs. Harry
Hlncklev Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Houghton. Miss
If ou eh ton H. B. Houghton, Mr. and Mrs. W.
F Herrlcit Misses Herrlck, Captain and Mrs.
c II Harrison, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard.
Mr and Mrs Bhafter Howard, Mr. Carl How
ard Mr, and Mrs. J. I, Howard. Miss Halght,
Mr. and Mr». H. H. Haight. Mr. Louis
H»«Kh Mr. jmd Mr; .Fred Hulfiht. Perry
Hayne Mrs. Heath, Mr. and Mrs. Valentine
HtiKh. 'Mlescs Hush.- Mr. and Mrs .Holt. Miss
Holt, Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Hutchlnson. Mr.
nnd Mrs. Will Johnson. Mr. and Mrs. M. - P.
Jones, Mr. and Mrs. Webster Jones. Miss
Belle Jones, Miss Jolllfe, Mr. and Mrs. H. P.
Uvermore, Misses Llveruiore, N. U. Wver
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1599.
MISSING, AND
WARRANTS OUT
FOR HIS ARREST
John Moriarty Was a
Sport.
GAMBLING HIS DOWNFALL
WAS A TRUSTED EMPLOYE AT
KELLER'S.
Being at the Head of a Department
He Was Able to Pocket Small
Amounts With Im-
punity.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• (roadway, June 15.
Jnhti Moriarty, for many years a
trusted head of a department with the
M. .). Keller Company, is missing. This
afternoon eight warrant? accusing him of
misdemeanor embezzlement were sworn
to by Mr. Keller, and at once search be
gan tor Moriarty. ilis downfall is at
tributed to the race track.
For a long time Moriarty has been in
! a position of trust, one section of the
large store i.einK completely under his
.jurisdiction. It is alleged that he has for
some time past taken advantage of the
confidence of his employers to steal sums
of money paid Into the firm and for which
!i> Bhould have accounted. These sums
range from $2 50 to $50, and only after a
thorough examination of the accounts can
II be learned how much Mr. Moriarty's
accounts are short.
Moriarty has always enjoyed the repu
tation of being strictly honorable, and he
h,-is during the past right years been
lily promoted In the company on ac
■ count of his diligence :u\d ability.
Moriarty could not be found by the
detectives this afternoon, and it is be
lieved that he knows his defalcations
have been discovered. He was discharged
from the firm three weeks ago and since
then the alleged thefts have oeen discov
■ red
The system pursued by Morinrty was a
very petty one and consisted in pocketing
the deposits made of lady customers In
i the tailoring department. It became
, necessary, in order to cover up the theft
to add the amount taken to the bill. In
this way it is said that $2500 has been
taken.
Moriarty's friends say that the sums
taken were squandered playing the horses
at Emeryville, the sal. .-man having the
reputation of being considerable of a
more, Mr. and Mrs. John Leechman. Dr. and
Mrs. Liliencrantz, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Uttle,
Miss Little, Mr. and Mrs. Norman I«ing.
Colonel and Mrs. Oscar Long, Mr. and
Mrs. I>ouis I, jer, Miss Maud Lewis, Mrs.
Lee, Mr. and Mrs. William Lawson, Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Monteagle, Mr. and Mrs.
Ben Morgan, Mr. and Mrs. Albert Miller,
Miss Miller, Horace Miller, Paul Miller, Mr.
and Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, Chriasle Miller. Mr.
and Mrs. H. E. Miller, Major and Mrs. J. B.
Mhoon. Samuel MoK. Mhoon, Miss Mhoon,
Miss Marjorle Mhoon. Miss Muiison, V,". A.
Murlson, Mr. and Mrs. James Moflkt, Misses
Moffltt, James Moffllt, Dr. Herbert Moffltt,
Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Moore, Misses Moore, A.
A. Moore Jr., Mr. and Mrs Percy Morgan,
Miss Ijouise Morgan, Captain and MrF. D. E.
Martin. Miss Mitchler, Alfred Mitchler, Mr.
and Mrs. <;. W. McNear, Mr. and Mrs. S. B.
McNear, Miss McNear, Fred McNear, Mr. and
Mr*. O. W. McNear Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. J. B.
McElrath, Mrs. McKee, Mrs. S. H. McKee,
.lames C MrKee, Dr. and Mrs. J. K. McLeaq,
Miss McLean, A. S. Macdonald, Miss Macdon
ald, Rev, and Mrs. James McDonald, Miss Mc-
Donald, H<\ David McClure, David McClure
Jr., Mr. and Mrs. J. B. McChesney, Mr. and
Mrs. R. S. Moore, Mr. and Mrs. Victor
Metcalf, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Magee.
Fred Magee, Walter Magee, Mr. and
Mrs. W. A. Magee. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Magee Jr.. Mrs. L. M. Moore, Mr. and
Mrs. John F. Merrill, Miss Susie Morgan. Mr.
and Mrs. George Moore, Miss McKenzie, Mrs.
Thomas Morris, Miss Morris, Dr. Francis
MuFser, Judge and Mrs. Myrtck, Mr. and Mrs.
John Moss. Miss McNeil, Mr. and Mrs. John
W. Peris, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Pennoyer, Mr.
and Mrs. Orestes Pierce. Miss Josle Pierce,
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Frather, Mrs. Prather,
Mr. and Mrs. Whitney Palache, Miss I*aura
Prather, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Phillips, Mr. and
Mrs Charles Palmer, Misses Palmer, Mr. Silas
Palmer, Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Palmer. Miss Eli
zabeth Putnam, Miss Parsons, Mr, and Mrs.
Pnrkyns, Mrs. E. Palmer, Miss Pendleton, Mrs.
Trenor W. Park, Miss Clare PenT, Mr. and
Mrs E. B. Pond. Misses Porter Mr. and Mrs.
Henry Rogers, Mr. and Mrs. Will Romalne,
Mr. and Mrs. I. L. Requa, Mr. and Mrs. Colin
Ross, Messrs. Robs, Dr. and Mrs. Rucker, Miss
Carrie Rltter, Miss Lizzie Rowlands, Mr. and
Mrs. John Reid. Mrs. James Simpson, Mr. and
Mrs. L. N. Shepard. Misses Shepard, Mrs.
Jane Sather, Miss Snell, Mr. and Mrs. F. M.
Smith, Miss S. Sneil.Miss Sperry, Mr. and Mrs.
Egbert Stone, Miss Stone. Andy L. Stone, Mr.
and Mrs. H. B. Sperry, Mr. and Mrs. A. Schill
ing, Mr. and Mrs. James Spiers, Messrs. Spiers.
Judge and Mrs. Stanly, Mrs. H. A. Stephen
son, Mrs. F. W. Stephenson, Mr. and Mrs. H.
L. Stephenson, Miss Sadie Sinclair, Mr. and
Mrs. E. C. Sessions, -Miss Sessions, Messrs.
Sessions. Miss Simmons. Mrs. Prentlss Selby,
Misses Selby, Messrs. Selby, Miss Hertha Shat
ter, Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Shanklln. Miss Georgia
Shanklln. Edward Shanklln, Mr. and Mrs,
Irvine M. Scott, Mr. and Mrs. William H.
Taylor. Mr. and Mrs. Mlnthorne Tompklna,
Miss Julia Tompklns, Miss Ethel Tompkins,
Mr and Mrs. George E. Whitney, Misses Whit
ney, Mr. and Mrs. O. H. Wheaton, W. R.
Wheaton, Misses Wheaton, Professor and Mrs.
W. B. Wilkinson, Miss Wilkinson, Mrs. David
WiICOX, Mrs. Jesse Wall, Miss Wall. Mr. and
Mrs P. A. Williams. Mr. and Mrs. Lovell
White. Mr. and Mrs. J. H. T. Watklnson, Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Wadsworth. Captain and Mrs.
H. 11. Watson, Dr.' and Mrs. P. Lansing
Wheeler, Captain and Mrs. Wright, George
Wheaton. ' '
SHE WANTS A DIVORCE.
Mrs. Smith, Who Was Bunkoed by
Arlinerton, Alleges Extreme
Cruelty.
OAKLAND, June 15.— Mrs. Minnie M.
Smith filed suit in the Superior Court
this afternoon for a divorce from Norman
H. Smith, alleging extreme cruelty as the
ground for her cause of action, and ask
inp for the custody of the minor child, a
daughter. According to an affidavit also
tiled the hushand has shaken the dust
of California and is now in Fergus Falls,
Minnesota, hence the plaintiff has been
allowed to serve summons on him by pub
lication.
Mrs. Smith is the woman who appeared
as prosecuting witness against Arthur
Arlington, whom she charged with hav
ing bunkoed her out of $2.Vt, and who
yesterday vvns held to answer before the
Superior Court.
Inventor Edison explains how he
hit upon the idea of the electric light
in next Sunday's Call,
MR. MILLER
IS SURPRISED
AT THE MAYOR
Anxious Seat Not to
His Liking.
ON THE POLITICAL GRILL
WHOM WOULD MILLER LIKE
FOR A SUCCESSOR?
Had He Been Elected City Engineer
He Would Have Been Able
to Vote on That
Subject.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 15.
M. K. Miller admits being taken by
surprise. Mr. Miller is the Superintendent
of Streets. In view of the fact that dur
ing the past year many Important com
mercial bodies of this city have com
mend, d Mr. Miller's work and that only
yesterday many influential residents of
Mr. Miller's ward asked that he be reap
pointed, It must he conceded that Mr.
Miller Is both a popular and an efficient
Street Superintendent. The streets have
no need to cry out to proclaim this. It is
known and admitted.
Mr. Miner's surprise consists in the fact
that the Mayor should not hurry to the
City Hall In a carriage and four and im
mediately offer a resolution reappointing
Mr. Miller for two years. Many people
would be equally surprised should the
Mayor do this. Yesterday and a week ago
from yesterday Mr. Snow quietly re
marked that Mr. Miller Is Superintendent
of Streets, is enjoying the salary derived
from that position and that as there Is no
talk of naming a successor and as Mr.
Miller will hold office until his successor
be appointed, there is no use in trying to
stir up a little political muss by taking
any official notice of the said Superintend
ent of Streets, M. K. Miller.
Mr. is reported as saying that
he had a little conversation with the
Mayor a few weeks ago and the Mayor
i did not indicate what he would do. In
i this instance, anyway, no gold brick was
handed out at the Mayor's office. Now
Mr. Miller saya he is snrprfsed that the
Mayor does not hasten to vote lor his re
appolntmi nt.
ii i here were no such thing as politics
in tlm city government Mr. .Miller would
not feel disconcerted in the least, hut
would be supremely happy and contented,
relying upon the city charter, which con
tains that variously Interpreted "no re
! moval except for cause" paragraph.
A few weeks ago Health Othcer Dunn
was removed from office on the vote of a
member of the Health Hoard, who openly
declared that "Dr. Dunn was the best
health officer the city of Oakland ever
had." This expression was a hoodoo in
Dr. Dunn'H case, the only inference left
being that had he not. been' so efficient ho
i might have retained his ofßoe. In the
' petition to the Hoard of Works yesterday
1: is stated that Mr. Miller "is the best
Street Superintendent the city ever had."
[and now politicians are wondering
whether this recommendation -will prove
as much of a hoodoo as it did to Dr.
1 num.
The Mayor's friends, who stem to size
up his Honor's iflind very correctly, have
another view of it. They declare that Mr.
Snow will not be jammed by Mr. Dow or
by Mr. Miller. The Mayor, it is said, even
heard of the whispers of what would have
taken place bad Mr. Miller been elected
City Engineer, in which event, it is said,
I his' Honor would have had a very remote
seal in the rear on the Hoard of Works.
Again, say Mr. Snow's friends. Mr. Miller
■ Is in a very illogical position from a poli
tical standpoint He evidently does not
consider himself indispensable to the
Street Department, for he made two
heroic effi rts to get out of it and be City
Engineer Had Mr. Miller's ambition been
: gratified it would have been his sworn
■ duty under the charter to have voted for
some successor, if Mr. Snow should
think as Mr. Miller would have thought
i had he been elected City Engineer, it
would not be at all surprising. This Is the
Snow view.
It Is hardly likely that the Mayor will
' take any Bteps toward the removal of Mr.
Miller and if he be let alnne- It is more
; than probable that In the course of a few
weeks when he can do so without loss
Of political dignity, he will call up Mr.
Dow*B resolution and vote for it.
HEROIC WOMAN RESCUES
ANOTHER FROM DROWNING
OAKLAND, June 15.— But for the he
roic efforts of Mrs. M. F. Hudson, re
siding at 1418 Lake. Shore avenue, Mrs.
Balinda Ford, living at Tenth avenue and
East Nineteenth street, would have per
ished beneath the murky waters of Lake
Merritt this morning.
Sixty-six years of usefulness have loft |
Mrs. Ford Inlirm, and recent Illness has ;
caused temporary mental derangement.
When she left home this morning- she In
formed her daughters that she intended
visit iiiK friends downtown. She was next
seen by Mrs. Hudson wading out into
Lake Merritt.
There w;is no one close at hand for Mrs.
Hudson to summon, so she proved herself
equal to the occasion by rushing into the
water and wading in to rescue the aged
woman, who had by this time sunk to
her waist. At the peril of her life and i
lifter the greatest exertion the heroic res- I
iuir succeeded in dragging- Mrs. Ford to j
the shore. She was afterward taken to I
the Hudson residence, where dry and
warm clothing were supplied, so that she
could be removed to the Receiving Hos
pital.
It was supposed that Mrs. Ford at
tempted t'i commit suicide, but her
daughters refute this theory and say that
she probably wandered to the lake un
mindfully and that she becomes quite
childish at times and bewildered.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, June 14.— The litigation be
tween Mrs. Sarah Bancroft and Robert
Hamilton has been ended. Mr. Hamilton
and family occupied Mrs. Bancroft's
house on San Antonio avenue and when
they left it Mrs. Bancroft sued him for
$W damages to the dwelling occasioned by
numerous plnholes in the walls. Judg
ment was given for $45 35. To-day the
defendant paid the amount together with
$12 50 costs.
Margaret Clayton and Laura Steams
belles of Piedmont, were arrested In Ala
me<!a to-day for riding their wheels on the
sidewalk.
Professor Hilgard Improving.
BERKELEY. June IS.— Professor E. W
Ililgard, head of the department of agri
culture in the University of California,
who for Borne weeks past has been criti
cally ill at his residence on Bancroft
way, is reported to be recovering slowly.
His physicians say he is now out of dan
ger. Professor Hilgard is suffering from
acute nervous prostration, brought on by
the heavy work incident to the closing of
the college year. He will be unable to
leave his house for over two months.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. June 15.— The chapter
house of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity,
on the corner of Durant avenue and Daria
street, which was recently destroyed by
fire, is to be rehuilt upon the same foun
dation The contract has been let to Fred
Armstrong, anu the house will be ready
for use before college opens in August.
University Lodge No. IC2. Knights of
Pythias, have elected the following offi
cers for the coming year: Chancellor
commander, A. M. Atwood; vice chan
cellor, A. M. Ewlng: prelate, J. E. Re
cardo; recorder. C. R. Fryant; secretary,
Donald F. Miller; master of exchequer,
Captain George Gunn; physician. Dr.
George B. Hoagiand; master of works, T.
R. Elliott; master-at-arms, J. F. Schultze;
Inside guard, C. M. Norgrove; outside
guard, Joseph Alkalay.
HE REMEMBERED
THE POOR OF HIS
NATIVE HOLLAND
Jas. de Fremery Left
a Large Estate.
WILL FILED FOR PROBATE
BEQUESTS FOR FIFTY FRIENDS
AND RELATIVES.
The Olographic Will Was Written at
Brooklyn, N. V., in 1897, and
Names James Leon de
Fremery Executor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, June 15.
The olograpnic will of the late James
de Fremery, knight of the order of the
Netherland Lion and ex-Consul of the
Netherlands, who died at Coollflge,
Kansas, on May 28 last, while journeying
to New York, was filed for probate to
day by his son, James L»eon de Freitiery,
who petitions for letters of administra
tion, he being named in the will as exec
utor.
The instrument was written at the city
of Brooklyn, N. V., and is dated Septem
ber 17, IW7, when the testator was aged
71 years. It consists of ten pages in the
perfection of penmanship. There is not
an erasure or interlineation, and by its
terms the "large estate, valued at from
$200,000 to $500,000, is disposed of among
some fifty devisees. The only heirs at
law surviving the testator, however, are
the son, James Leon de Fremery, aged 40,
residing in New York City, and a daugh
ter, Adele Virglnie yon Loben Sels, of
this city. Testator's wife died several
years ago.
Under the will a $5000 promissory note
made by the executor is canceled, and the
executor is empowered to sell, without
asking permission of any court, any and
all real property of the estate on Poplar,
Twenty-first and Washington streets.
To the daughter is bequeathed testa
tor's "Dutch Hible. in tortoise shell and
golden clasps," which his forefather.
Jacobus Scheltus, gave to his bride in
171' H. To the son, who is also president of
the American Lucol Company, is be
queathed the genealogies <>r the family
and the family medals. A collection of an
cient gold and silver coins of Japan is
bequeathed to the son-in-law P. J. Van
Loben Sels, Consul of the Netherlands
and Paraguay at San Francisco; to the
daughter-in-law, Wilhelmina H. de Frem
ery, fifty shares in the capital stock of
the San Francisco Savings Union; also
two shares of the same stock to each of
testator's nephews and nieces, Frank,
Hendrlk N., Annette, Herman and Helen
Mary de Fremery- Mary A. and Ellen O.
de Fremery, sisters-in-law, ure also re
membered. * To the society i ailed
"De Maatschappy der Nederland
sche L,etter Kunde," nt Leyden, the
sum of $500 is given, and $200 to each of
the following persons: Miss Emma Her
kenrath of Leyden; Captain S. F. Van
Nooten of Gorinchen; the Misses C. A.
rind C. M. Van den Kerg of s'Gravenhage;
Mrs. Pompseja de Fremery of Gronin
gen; also to the burgomaster of s'Graven
zande for the Grooten Armen (the poor);
tv the Christian National School at
s'Gravenzande, and to Mrs. Josephine M.
Klyn de Jongh of Amsterdam. To Aaltje
deGroot of Heerenveen, Friesland. $40; to
Anna Vellekoop of Ouwendyk, Holland,
$40; to Teunis Koenen Sr. of Ouwendyk.
$20; to a brother. William C. B. de Frem
t ry of this city, $30u0; to B. Charles Cu
vellier and E. J. F. Pennlnk, $40 for every
year they have been employed with the
ilrm of James de Fremery & Co.; to Mrs.
Maria Virginia Meyer of Germany, $2>m;
Virginia Ryan of Oakland, $100; to Mark
Ryan, the stable or barn near the De
Fremery Grove on Adeline street; to the
Undies' Relief Society of Oakland, $600;
Mrs. Caroline RevaJk, $l"0; the Van Lo
ben Sels grandchildren— Ernest Diederich.
Mdurlts t'arel, James Florent, Virginie
Therese, Justus Jan— and James de Frem
ery and Leon Florent de Fremery, each
$ii«iO; Adolph Edward and Virginie Elinor
de Fremery, $2000 each.
To James L. de Fremery and Adele V. .
Van Loben Sels jointly J7OOO is be
queathed, to be placed on deposit, the
dividends to be distributed as follows:
One-third to Mrs. Nellie Mcl of Santa
Cruz; one-third to a cousin, Margaretha
Amelia Sprecher Van Bernegg of Switz
erland; one-sixth to Mrs. Willie Bestor
of Washington, I). C, and the remaining
one-sixth to Mrs. Elizabeth B. Reed of
San Francisco during their lifetime, the
original deposits to remain the property
of testator's two children or their repre
sentatives. To "Ryksarchief," the histor
ical archives of Holland at The Hague,
many rare historical works are be
queathed.
The residue of the estate goes to testa
tor's son and daughter.
W. C. B. de Fremery, the surviving
partner, is allowed ten months in which
to liquidate the affairs of the firm of
James de Fremery & Co.
In the event of the death of the son.
James Leon de Fremery, Adele V. Van
Loben Sels is named as executrix, and in
the event of her demise her husband and
Wilhelmina H. de Fremery are to act
Jointly. Finally, in the event of their
death, testator's brother, W. C. B. de
Fremery. will be executor.
Pleaded Statute of Limitations.
OAKLAND, June 15.— Rev. Marshahll
T,aw rector of the Church of the Advent,
has been sued for a bill of $17 7G for Bibles
nnd tracts supplied to him in the East.
The rector has surprised his congrega
tion by pleading the statute of limita
tions *The case will be tried in Judge La
rue's court In East Oakland next Monday.
This Is said to be the first case on rec
ord where a minister has pleaded the
statute of limitations in Oakland.
Grand Opera May Come.
OAKLAND, June 15.— An effort is being
made to bring the Lambardi Grand Opera
Company to .the Macdonoi'gh. It has not
been booked by the management, but
Charles E. Cooke has been commissioned
to bring the matter before the local pub
lic The subscription list Is now open at
the theater, and If sufficient encourage
ment be given the big company will play
here on June 26.
PARENTS BRING SUIT
AGAINST THEIR SON
LEO HERINGHI'S PLACE AT
TACHED.
The Action Said to B« the Result of
the Pawnbroker's TTnfilial Con
duct Toward the Old Folks.
Suit was filed In the Justices' court yes
terday against Leo Heringhl, the pawn
broker of 10*4 Stockton street, by his pa
rents, Bernardo Heringhl and Minnie
H«ringhl. The cause of action is for
breach of contract, and the complaint
states "that in and by a certain contract
In writing, dated the 7th oay of March,
1895, said defendant promised to pay to
plaintiffs the sum of $75 on the first day
of May, 1899, and $75 on the first day of
June, 1899, and that neither of said sums
or any part thereof has been paid."
A writ of attachment was also issued
against the premises on Stockton street
and the place is now in the hands of the
Sheriff.
According to the other members of the
family, the suit Is the outcome of rn
filial conduct toward the old folks on the
part of their son. Leo. Samuel Heringhi,
another son, in discussing tne subject last
night, said:
"Leo's actions during the last few
months have nearly broken our mother's
heart. She is 71 years of age, and I fear
that her present troubles will but hasten
her end. In September, 1592, she mort
gaged her home at 2222 Jackson street for
$5000 in order to set L.co up in business.
In return for the loan of the money she
was to receive $75 a month out of the busi
ness for the term of her natural life, tie
has refused to pay the agreed amounts
and the suit is the" result.
"A year ago, when she was seriously ill.
she sent for him, but he would not go to
see her.
"Leo's business transactions have been
questionable, to say the least. Two
months ago. in order to buy out his
brother Aaron, he took pledged goods out
of his store on Stockton street and re
pledged them with the Baldwin Jewelry
Company for $10,800. When he was on
Sixth street he pawned watches which
had been left to be repaired, with the
pawnbroker. J. L. Franklin.
"He has made $10,(>o0 out of the money
advanced to him by his mother. We re
gret to be obliged to tell it. but these are
the facts and can be verified."
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
jfc. Steamers leave Broadway
Hgb«- wharf, San Francisco:
K&sISSk For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
M&SfiHfeftk June 15. 20, 25. 20; July 5,
' Rli^R chance at Seattle. ;
1 iHsaasNjaa For Victoria. Vancouver (H.
1 BmErrrlWli C I Pnr; Townsend, P*attl««.
r^^HffiMfl Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcnm (Wash.).
10 a. m., June 15. 20, 28, SO;
July 5. and every fifth day thereafter: change
at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. ;
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Juns
IS. 23, 28; July 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Plmenn.
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Huenpme.
Pan Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. June 17. 21, 25, 29; July 3.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Ohisrjo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redond^ (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m., June 1".. 19, 23, 27; July 1, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada, MagdalPna Bay, Pan Jose del
Cat>o, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
| and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of sailing:.
TICKKT OFFICE — New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS. A- CO.. Gen. Apt?..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. B. & If. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PARC *1 I irst Ciast .uciuH;n{ Berth i
I MllL SS Second Clam and Meal*.
Columbia Falls June 22: July 2. 12. 22.
State of California sails June 17. 27; July 7,
17, 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
C3O Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE.
fTEW FORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAst\.
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
New York June 21 (New York July 12
St. Paul June St. Paul July 19
St. Louis July 5 'New York August 2
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From Npw York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Southwark June 21 1 Noordland July 12
Westernland ...June 2? j Friesland July 19
Kensington July 5 Adrla July 26
EMPIRE LINE.
ReuttTs. 6t. MUhaaT. Dawsoi CU».
For full Information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery ft., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KEEN KAISHA,
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannnn streets. 1 p. m. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tm
India. Ptc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MART Tuesday. June 27
AMERICA MART' Saturday July 52
HONGKONG MART 7 Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market Ft., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
ANCHOR LINE
United States Mail Steamshins
Sail from New York Every Saturday for*
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage. S5O and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. $.H5. Other Steamers, ?30.
Steerage Passage
Rome. 923.50. Furnessla. 924.50. Other
Strs., 92».-»O.
For Book of Tours and Information apply to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents. 7 Bowling Green New York.
Or J. F. FVGA7.T. 6 Montgomery st..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery st.
Or R. R. RITCHIE. 2 New Montgomery st
SAN FRANCTPCO.
PSSnBH&iHf* The S - B - Australia
lE Blllk, Fn!ls for Honolulu
rfc 3 * 1 ""*' Friday. June 30, at 2
Qj/^T^N P. P. Marlposa sails
SjHmSnD-J via Honolulu and
C^lll-Mlll/ Auckland for Sydney
(OlflßflltW^ Wednesday, July 12,
\viiif7uitq Rt 1Q p m
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Parana, New Zealand. Australia, India. Suez,
' England, etc. : $<U0 first class.
1. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. .f.fiftj.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <3jfCF?N
from Pier 42, North River, 'foot of •*■=•******'-'•
Morton st. LA TOURAINE, June 24; LA
GASCOGNE. July 1; LA NORMANDIE. July
I 8; LA CHAMPAGNE, July 15; LA BRE-
TAGNE, July 22. First-class to Havre, $65 and
upward. 5 per cent reduction on round trip.
Second-class to Havre. $4.">: 10 per cent reduc-
tion on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling
Green. New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents. 5 Montgomery aye., San
Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB steamebs.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN
Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. m.
daily, returning- from Stockton at 6 p. m.
dally (Saturday pxcepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street- wharf at 6 p. m.
daily (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOR 0. S. HAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues., Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:43 I
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150$.
FARE BOc.
/^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
AaMgJii CJ2S KKABXV ST. Established
■nl^A In 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
B2SKEARXYKT. Extabltobed
In 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. D«bll,lty or
RfGeHflWifc disease wearing on bodyand mind and
2SH§E!tIII Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
SgSfKiSSI others fall. Try him. Charges low
Cnrr>cu»rnn<<>rd. Callorwrita
»r. J. IT- «ai!IIO.N. Box 1957. 5 an Francisco
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. IS, 1599, train* will run ta followw
South-bound. I North-bound.
2>a*Ben- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Station*. Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Daily.
T:» am 10:30 am Stockton 8:« pm 6:00 pra
1:10 am 8:06 pm Merced li:40 pm 4:13 pra
10:40 am- 6:36 pm Fresno 8:80 am I:4lpm
11:18 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:46 am 1:45 pm
1:15 pm 12:80 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 8:25 pm VUalla f :40 ami 1:22 pm
Uil£ pm| B:6s prnl Tulare 8:60 ami 1:06 pm
' Btoppln* at Intermediate point* as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. Ml Market
direct. San Fran'ciaco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC KAILVVAy
Leave San Francisco, via t>u.usalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1839.
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ing;, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30
. and 4 p. m.
Far*. S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 49.
THOS. COOK & SON. Ageta., 621 Market it.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOI TIIKRN PACIFIC t'OJIPANT.
(rACiriO SIMTKM.)
Train* lenvt* it ml in*© duo to nrrlte at
NAN li:4\(IS(<).
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Jixb 1, 1899. — arrivb
7:00 a. Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento.... 5:45p
7:OOa Marvsville, OrnTillenml lledding Tla
Woodland r>:l.lP
7:OOa fUmira, VacaTiile find Rumsey »:43f
7:;tttA Martinez. Ban Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
('3li!<toga(indHanta Itosa 0:15?
S:OOa Atlaiitiii Impress, Ogden and Hast.. B:4sp>
■iBOa San Jom, LiTermore, Htochton,
lone, Sacramento, Placorville,
MatysTillc. Chlao, lte.l irinir 4:1»F
»:lIOk •Milton, OakiUlcnml Honors 4:i. f >p
U:O0a Haj^arUs. Nilcs and Way Stations. 11:43*
9:OOa Martinez. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton,
Merc? do nil Fresno 12:13
»:«oa Fresno, Uakerallel.t. Hanta lUrliarn,
Los Angeles, Doming, J-.l l'aso,
New Orleans and East Or-ISp
IO:OOa VaUeJo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
1 1 :OOa Haywardg, >*ile3 and Way Stations. a: lot
12:00 m Kiies, Llvermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hsnford, Visalia,
Pcrterri l!o 4:15?
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stemners »J*:OOp
3:OOp Haywards, Nilea and Way Stations. 0x45?
■I :«mm- Martiuez, Bau Ilamoii, Vallejo,
Kara, Oalistuga, Santa Koßa WilS*
4:00r Benicia. VacaTille, .Sacramento,
Wood. and, Knighta Landing,
Marj-3Tiil?, Oro?ilio 10:48*
4:3OpNiles, .Inso and Stockton 7:15 i!
4:30p Yoeemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:13f
s:O©pTho Owl. Tracy. Fresno, Bakers-
field, Saueus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 9:45 %
•VSOp Stockton, Mtrcetl, Treeno 12:15*
3:30p Martinez, Tracv, Mcudota, Fresno,
Mojavo ami i.os Angeles 8:43*
3i3Op HRiita Ko Itoute, Atlautio lOxpress
for jMr>j:ivo nnd Kast O:4.1»
«:O«r Raropoan Mail, Ogclen aud i:»Bt 0:43*
0:001" Haywards, Kiles and San Jose 7:43*
•6:00 1- Vallejo 1 2:15*
7i«(»p Oregon Express, Hacrßinento, Marj»-
vlllo. lie. Ming. rortlauil, I'ngct
Sound (mil Kast T:4B*
J»:«#p Vallejo. Port (.'osta and Way Sta-
Uona 7. t^O'tP^
COAST DIVISION NnrroTT(innpe).
' (Foot of Market Street.)
t~:4SA Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz and Principal Way Stations JS:«3f
8:1 Newark, Centervillc, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Crcek.Sauta Cruz and Way
Stations st3off
2:1 Sp Newark, CenterTille, San Joso, New
Alma Jen, Filton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »10:30^
4<lsp San Joso. Glenwood and Way Sta- t
tions ,S 9:S««
64:13pFelton, Santa Cniz and Way Hta-
tions .." .yC... /Q:gQj
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
TromSiN FRHiCISCO-fc:t of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11O0A.M. 41:00 *2:00 |3:of
•4:00 t5:00 '0:03 P. /
.'romOlKHSD— root or BroJilKßT.— -0:00 8:00 10:00 A. II,
t!2:CO »l:00 ta.oo *3:CO t4:00 «S:OOr.W-
-COAST VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third mid Towngciul St .)
•O:1Oa Ocean View, South ban Francisco.. «6:30J
•7:00 a San Joso Mill Way Stations (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only) I:3O<
J7:3*a Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose,
Santi Cruz, Piiciflo GroTo and
Principal Way Stations tB:B3|
OiOOa Ran Jnse, Trcs Pinos, Kauta Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso llnblrs, .San
Lnts Ouisnn. (•uadalupe. Surf and
Principal V.'ay SUMow 4tlo|
lOiIOa Sau Joso Way Stations «8:00J
11:30 a Ban Jose and Way Stations 5:30*
•Jt:43r San Matco, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose,
Gllroy, Hollister. Sauta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacillc
ClroTo *IO:3«4
•3:3«rSanJosc and War Stations *9:<VO*
• J:lsp San.loEoaud Principal Way Stations 9:43.»
•3:oopSau Jose and Principal Way Stations G:SS
5:30p Baa Jon ami Principal Way Stations *5:35«
6::iop San Jose ami Way Stations 7:30*
tll:4.">p San Jogaaml Way Stations 7:30;
A for Mi ■ ruing 1' for Afternoon.
•Sunday excepted. t Sunday only. t Sattinlny only)
6?iatnrday and Snndav f^wndvr and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
I_jEISSE3H]
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. 12:S\
S:3O, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:Ut
ana 11:30 p. m.
BUNDATS— 9::o, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:M(,
6:00, 6:10 p. m.
SAN* RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45.
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
i 1:06 and C:35 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— B:IO. 8:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 8:40. 5:05,,
: C:2S p. m. •
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
■ Leave Arrive
i Ban Francisco. In Effect Ban Franclsoot
! . April IS, —
Week Sun- 1»99. Bun- Week
Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, (l0:40am 8:40 aza
1:30 pn»i 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm, 10: am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa 1v..-a. 7:35 pm 6:20 pn»
Fulton,
T:33am Windsor, 10:25 UI
Healdsbursr,
Lytton,
Gey Be* v Hie,
1:80 pm 8:00 am GloVerdale, 7:25 pm 6:20 vm
7:80 ami Hopland and 10:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am Uklab. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
1:50 am " 10:25 aaa
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:85 pm
1:30 pm 6:20 pra
7: SO am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ara
and
8:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm 6:20 pv&
7:30 am 8:00 am Sebastopol. [10:40 am 10:25 am
8:80 pm 5:00 pm i 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Bprtngs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoo
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad' Springs, Soda Bay, Lake*
port and Bartlett Springs; at T'klah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lieri»»y's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln . Heights. Hullvllle,
Boonevllle, Phllo, Christine. Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle, Cum*
ming's. Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all pclnt<
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronic?* bide
H C WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Aseni,
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERT DAY IN THE TEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE)
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 6:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IS
EVERT DETAIL. SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE!
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE, «28
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. 1118 Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE. 201 J street.
SAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Bttuallt* F«rr».
Commencing April 23, 1599.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALEEY,
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »S:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 8:20, 4:00,' 5:15, »6:00. 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:90 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •9:00, •10:00. 11:00, 11:3«
a. m.; 1:00, *1:45. *2:30. »4:00. 6:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
E:3O p. m. does not run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— '6:40. 7:55, 8:40, *10:2«
a. m.; 12:30, 2:15. '3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday!
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. *8:00, »9:45. »10:45, '11:41
a., m.: 1:00, 2:20. •3:80,. •5:15. '6:00, 7:00, 10:13
p. m.
P Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:50. 7:55. 8:55. 10:33
a. m.: 12:35. 2:45, 4:55. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday!
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.; 12:05,
1-20 2:40. 3:55. 5:30. 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. : /. V
7:00 a. m. week Cazadero and way sta'ns.
8:20 p. m. Saturdays — and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m week days (Saturdays exeepted)—
Point Reyes and way stations. • .
8:00 a. m Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:15 p.m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way ita'na.
910
MISSION HIGH
SCHOOL WILL
BE CONTINUED
Futile Efforts to Close
the Institution.
HOT FIGHT IN THE BOARD
FIVE MEMBERS FAVORED TAX
ING SUCH ACTION.
A. Vote Taken in Executive Session
Last Wednesday Night That
Definitely Settled the
Matter.
Mission Hip h School will n.it be
; '.-I', rgi rot of ;li" Board
. ; ■, ; i • : 1 1 i - ■1 1 made ;he as.-, rtlon in h.s
a<ldres.« ;it t!ie graduation exercises last
Tuesd ■ hough the
• ssary i" adopl
■
mplated.
Rveri as he spoke those ■ ordt five mem
l,.rs of the board stood pleased to vote to
i-loso the school at the meeting of the
ii.iard the following < .WVdiifsdiiy ) night,
and i !)•■!"•■ were strong hopes that two
in. in- members; enough to carry t he prop
osition, could be swung into line.
Mission High
tiths, and
u( lai. has in
• .. : tion to
lime it any rate.
way show n , •■:.• -lusi-. • •!;. a few
: !;. ;■ ipils in the
, nmmi . <es w< v 1 1 . !:•-•' rr< d to
... vice principalship
The Missionit< s w< re s< -
marshaling th.'ir
1 d up iii the School Direct
[th all the pow r at their command. ;
,1 ki ■■)< : he doors of 1 he in^ti- ]
to their children. Principal
■ • ■ most in Ihe
nd pi rsonally besought th.' mem
(v ard not to cripple the school,
inucli -• It.
: ; ■ ■ : f the s :hi tol .I'M' ing
llj determined,
!t nd \-i>: Wednesday night was fixed upon
. Hual action. The Miasionites, ,
whai was
und were on hand to make a rinal
And they sur eded. The matter '
■ ■■ , -..::< id.. ra.l ion in execu
. ilar meetii
he .iv. who f.i I'd 1 los
lent of winning
two \ otes v. rt ssary.
The ■■ ■ - and at times
but In the end
00l won: the minor
: ts expected accessions
oard finally voted to conti'nu<
chool regularly. VN'hether th« com
■ • .• principal will
stored is to b< determined at a
date, but tho regular classes wili
ivithout any further fight
m
SAYS THE EAGLES ARE
FLYING EVERYWHERE
GRAND LECTURER H. H. THOMP
SON OP SEATTLE HERE.
Oakland and Sacramento Charters to
Be Returned and Many New
Eyries Started.
H. H. Thompi S attle, prand lee
: Praternal Order of E
been in this city for hoih' j time exaru-
Into th( condition of r hv order 111
irnia. Mr. Thompson said iast even
wih of the Eagles in this
ict throughout the Union
simply marvelous.
"The local eyrie," said Mr. Thumpson.
hip of over 700, Including
ations now being considered. The
: certain members lms
not affected the order In ti;> least, unless
11 has been to solidify 11 and Increase it?
popularity. Ii Is the same all over. In
San .! met ti nsider the re
por) brought back by certain gentlemen
fr"in \>.i'- Grand Lodge, and the members
proposed sending in their charter, and
the offli era were charged with tn
Wednesday night the trial took i>lu-«-. It
was proved thai the report from tl-»
was laise, the officers were acquitted and
iniik th»ir seats again, and by a standliiK
vote everj member pledged himself to
stand by thte order of Eagles for all Lime.
"In Oakland and Sacramento, whore the
eyries returned their chatters when they
received this report, it is the sum.-. The
members are now enthusiastic supporters
<<( Th" order, and both charters ar.' to be
returned and the eyries re-established.
Applications foi new charters have be^n
received from many points, and eyrtea
will .-it once be fonjjed in every town In
California having a population of 5000 c-r
more.
"Throughout the East the growth of
the Eagles is equally rapid and the order
now has a total membership of over LO.OOii
and is increasing by the hundreds every
week. Eyries are being formed as rap
idly as possible In all the large cities
throughout the East, and will spread to
the smaller towns as fast as we can grant
th<- applications for charters.
"As some s-v-re criticisms have been
made "n the standing of our grand offl-
I would like to say that the past
grand president is John con, the well
known theatrical manager of the North
west; John W. Considine, the grand pres
ident, is a promineni saloon man of Seat
tle; Vice Presldeni Dr. H. R. Ldttlefleld
..'" Portland is on., of ihc best known
members of fraternal societies on the
ooa«t; Treasure:- George M. Holloway has
twice i" en elected County <'ierk of Se;it-
Tl< : the chaplain is Rabbi Eisenberg of
Montana; while of the trustees, Vande
venter is Sheriff of the county. Ambrose
itor and proprietor of the Argus, and
O'Brien is one <>f the leading attorneys
of the stat'. All the county officers with
iwo or three exceptions belong to the
Seattle Eyrie, while the Olympla Eyrie
numbers among its members all but three
<>f the State officers of Washington. I
think that shows our standing in the
North."
Mr. Thompson will be here for several
weeks anl may possibly make his home
here. He is at present encaged in mining
up north.
"Mammy" Must Settle.
Judge Hunt has made ;< n order <lir^nling
"Mammy" Pleasant of "house of mys
tery" fame to Me a schedule of her debts
with the court next Friday. "Mammy"
has been adjudged insolvent and the
Sheriff has been ordered to take possi B-
Bii n of all tier property, except that which
Bias be exempt from execution, togettp r
with all her vouchers ami papers. \\ !;'.••,
a receiver is appointed the Sheriff will
surrender possession to him, and the vari
ous creditors will then procure a settler
ment.
Little Egypt Must Pay.
A writ of habeas corpus sworn out on
behalf of Little Egypt was dismissed by
judge Cook yesterday, and in consequence
the dancer must pay the line Opposed
upon her for giving an indecent exhibi
tion in public. It was contended by the
defendant's counsel that the pleadings In
the case were faulty, as they did not set
forth that the dance was given in public,
but the court held that it was a matter
of proof and not a matter of pleading,
and hence the accused was remanded.
She will now pay her fine.
Mizpah Lodge.
Mizpah Ivodge, Friends of the Forest,
gave an entertainment and dance last
night in Mission Opera Hall. The pro
gramme included specialties by Mi.<s
Beard and Mr. Buhlinger. club-swinging
by < '. L. Buhlinger. recitation by Krs.
Keegan, vocal solo by Robert Little and
fancy dancing by Professor Flnley. The
function was under the direction of
Mesdames L. S. Bacon, Rucker, Schmehl,
Milbr. Slater, Mr. Schmehl and Mr. Cus
t«r.
THE GRAND GROVE OF
DRUIDS OF CALIFORNIA
Principal Officers Who Are Now
at the Head of the Order
in This State*
TliK Grand Grove of Druids of
California will hold its annual
Fusion In Placervllle cora
mencing on the 2uth Inst.
This order was founded In
England In 1781, and in America In
339. A 1 last year it had
In the United States 16 grand groves
ai d 375 subordinate groves with a
membership of 15,650. In California
thtTf are 71 gToves, a? the subordinate
bodies are called. 4°. of which »v«>rk in
the English language, 21 In the Italian.
3 in the German, l 1 In the French and
2 In the Portuguese. The membership
in this State has increased about 150
net, numbering now about HOO. and
there have added four new groves.
Three during the year had charters
recalled. In San Francisco alone there
are fifteen groves.
The first lodge In this State was or
ganized In Placervill c.where theQrand
Grove will meet. It was brought Into
existence on the 7th of May, 18
the late Frederick Seig was the first
noble grand arch.
The grand officers at this time are:
Frank Lewis, noble grand arch; .T. F.
Martlnoni, deputy grand arch; John
M. Graves, grand secretary; E. 11.
<;..iT7.'-. grand treasurer; Henry J.
Goller, past noble grand arch; J.
William Goetze, grand marshal; I>. P.
Brown, grand guardian; Henry A.
chapo. Jacob Nickels and Leon «'has
sagne, grand trustees; appointed-
Jules Godeau, grand sentinel.
The delegates from the various
MIDDLE-WEIGHT
BOXERS READY
FOR THEIR BOUT
Franey and Goff Meet
at Woodward's.
A BRACE OF HARD HITTERS
FORMIDABLE LISTS OF MEN
THEY HAVE BEATEN.
National Club Officials Promise a
Night of interesting Sport.
Reay and Rowan in the
Curtain Raiser. .
The rival middle-weight boxers matched
by the National Athletic Cluh will nu- t
in the arena ut Woodward's Pavilion to
night to settl« their differences, under the
direction of Hiram B. Cook as referee.
Joe Reay and "Dummy" Rowan will be
the lirst brace of boxors to enter the ring,
being scheduled to a>< fifteen rounds. In
the betting that has been 'I >!>•■ Rowan
lias been Installed favorite at Ddds of 10
to s, lmt no great amount of money has
, gone into the poolbox up to the present
lime. Reay hap trained at the Olympic
Club with De Witt Van Court as mentor.
The latest Ideas In blows and style nave
been practiced, and the Olympian is pro
nounced a much more finished boxer than
i he has heretofore shown himself.
The friends of Rowan express the ut- !
most confidence in his ability both as a
boxer and as a man able to stand pun
ishment, but h» is handicapped in the
ring In being both deaf and dumb. His
! brother will be in his corner to Interpret
Tim McGrath'a instructions. McGratb is
afraid his finders will refuse to talk in
the excitement of the fight, so the brother
will stand by ready to act as Interpreter.
The principal bout will be between Goff
and Franey. Both men have defeated a
lot of fairly good boxers. Goff has to his :
credit a draw with George Byers; defeat-
I ed Paddy Gorman. "Stockings" Conroy,
I Billy Hennessy, Dick Moore. Jim Otts. '
Charley Johnson, Ted McMahon and Tom
"Williams. He lost to Jack Bonner In
i eighteen rounds and to George Bvers In
■ two rounds. Goff will be seconded by
i Billy Madden, Gus Ruhlln and Billy
I Otts.
Franey defeated Dud Evans. Charley >
J Gannon, Sidney Muget, Billy Woodslde, j
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, FIJIDAY, JUNE 16, 1899.
KToves to the Grand Grove are as
follows from the subordinates In the
places named:
B illnaa F. Q-. Waterhouse, Alexander
6 McCurdy.
Cayucos— E. Genardlnl, M. Pelurca.
Duncan' g Mills— F, Bondiettl, I^. Granuc
-0!, P. SiTßßntlnl.
l"urpk:i— <'. P. Rowell, Robert Wood, P.
F<--] ru rt. A. Qlnochl.
Ferndale- -WllUam M. Michel, L. Canepa.
Fort Bragg— L. Mariani.
QuadaJupe— J. Hart Jr., M. F. I^-ina.
Gueraeville George W. Heason, V. Ca
taldl, B Vannuchi.
Healdsburg- Thomas G. Young.
Jacksi n— E. P. I»'lig<,. J. lampanello.
Kern City- Jean Eyraud.
l/v-rmor'"- George P. Fitzgerald, Fred
Malley.
I. - Ah^olps— F. S<*hprpiPii, J. Falandi, T>.
iuel, I' ' telaaldo, F. Pometl.
Maynrld — James Mynstrad, F. W. WelM
l:;irr.
Modesto— August Simon. H. Christ.
Napa— J. Aqu!stnpac«\ D. Uanehero, J. J.
ero, A. Muzzlo.
Nlcasio— T. H. Estee.
Novato— E. R. Samuels.
Oakland Thomas T.inton. Hpnry W»lklnt;.
T .1 Brady, <:. Pezzola, I>. Zunnlno.
Occidental X <:. Morelli, Joseph B Mo
relll.
Petaluma— J. E. Jacobson, P. C. Jessam,
X. Smith.
Placervtlle August Koletzke, M, Mayer,
George F. Bchance, Eugene Plagl, .T^hn de
Hfrnapii.
Pleasanton Joseph Lewis, B. A. Mitchell,
J. P. i:
Qforirp MfKVnziP. Elmer Oarrlnpr. Jack
Sullivan. Jim Connors. Jimmy Murray.
("hnrlie McKeever in six rounds. Owen
Zieu'.i r ill four rounds; fought a draw
With Jack Daly and stayed four rounds
with Kid McCoy, fie will bp seconded by
Tom Sharkey, Tim McGrath and Spider
Kelly.
The N.itinnal Club will try the innova
tion of popular prices, seats in the Kallery
being sold for r.ij cents and on the main
floor for $1.
May Be a, Mystery.
I. ate last night a young woman, well
dressed and giving tho name of Kmma
Johnson, was picked up at the corner of
Seventh and Howard streets and tak^n
to the Receiving Hospital. The woman
says she fell in the street from exhaus
tion, having eaten nothing all day. She
refuses to give any information further
than a statement that she has unsuccess
fully sought work as a domestic and has
not !,.-.ii in the city long.
The expensive clothing worn by (he
woman and her desire to reveal nothing
lead the police to believe that a mystery
underlies her suddenly helpless condition.
District Republicans Rally.
The California Republican Club of the
Thirty-ninth Assembly District held a
largo and enthusiastic meeting at Turn
Verein Hall last night. Two hundred Re
publicans were present and were ad
dressed by Colonel T. V. Eddy' Judge
Sweeney, W. H. Powers and A. H. Am
merman, late of the Nebraska Volunteers
from Manila. Music by the Waterman
sisters Harris and Delmar. the Decley
luothers and John T. Keilly was also ren
dered. The club is a strong organization,
being compose.! of representative business
men The club meets next Thursday
evening in Turner Hall, 33S Turk street.
Wound Proved Fatal.
Frank Perry, who was wounded in the
abdomen by tin- accidental discharge of
n pistol a few days ago. died in St.
Luke's Hospital shortly after 8 o'clock
last night. Perry was 23 years of age
and a native of California. The body was
taken to the Morgue, where an inquest
will be held.
On being informed by Dr. Shaw, the
house physician of the hospital, that there
was very little bone of his recovery.
Perry made a statement to the effect th.il
he and his wife had a scuffle over a 1»;
--ter. the pistol was discharged and lie
blamed no one for the act.
Let the Flags Fly.
Mayor James D. Phelan has Issued the
following patriotic appeal to 'the people
of San Francisco to commemorate
Bunker Hill day:
To the I'pople of San Francisco: I am re
quested by the Bunker Hill Association to call
upon you to keep In patriotic thought the
17th day of June, the anniversary of the bat
tlp df Bunker Hill. By recalling the sacri
fices made by the revolutionary fatherp, we
will better appreciate our heritage of freedom,
and by keeping the memory of such days our
brave soldiers now fighting their country's bat
tles In distant lands will find new Inspiration
for heroic deeds. All citizens are respectfully
requested to display the national flag.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
Sacramento— J. T-ewlp, Henry Meyer,
William Ferry. M. B. Radonich, S. .1.
Goulart, T. s. Santos, Dr. M. ?. Solva, A.
Lazzarl, P.. Pelegrlnl, X. Mariana.
Pnltnas— Thurnu* Rc-ni^n. I. 1.. Tacllo.
Pan Francisco— J. Berghofer, Charles lis
ter. Charles 'lT. Elvers, Tobias H..rk, Dr. C.
>'. O'Donnell, H. St-Mn. Antone Ewald. M.
Dlmmor, Charles Ilerb-n. .1. S. Godeau, A.
Aub^rt. P. Borrell, J. 1,. Contat. D. Das
trovlgne, 11. G. Qiannini, J. F. Joubert, .1.
Michel, H. J. Goiter, F. .!. IJorn, John Hut
ton. .1. T. KM,!. Harry M.'nko, c. Anto
nloll, J. C. Bernstein, Hpnry A. Chase. U.
J. Perrl, J. Hasan. < '. K. Carlson, X. W.
Chrlstensen, Swan Danlolson. L. O. Scnord,
J. Turnblad, G. BaßliPtto, F. Capenelll, F,
Cavagnaro. <; |; Cordano, J. Icardo, G.
I-aporre, J. F. MartlDonl, C. S. Maplstra,
A. Olma. J. F Rossi, C, Bettencourt, M. T.
Costa, .1 C. FernaniPZ. G. HaMersone, 1,.
P Costa, .1. 1,. Valentine, G. Ranßinottt. F.
Roux, .1. J" Moleterno, M. Blanchl, <;. Fon
tana, C. Guglielmonl, Dr. E. X. Torreloo,
1... Valsanglaconio, C. Bafflgo, D. Choreglno,
J. A. Devoto, i. Gtavannio.
.-•an .T..so- H. 11. C'lrtis. A. M. GnMattt, M.
Truman. .1. de Rossi, A. Vatuone, N. K.
Wretmann.
San Kuls Ohispo— J. X. Johnson, M. Mar
shal.
Rafael -Joseph AlhPrti, F. Dougherty,
vv F. Magee.
Simla Cruz M. Varosa, C. Beck, T>. For
ravi. J. C. Mello. D. J. Mello.
Santa Rosa H. Grams, O. 11. Hoagr.
Sonoma T. Oliver!.
St. IlPlf-na H. Forl, M. R. Garner. J.
<;. Johnson, ilfnry Lange, Charles Marti
iiPlli.
St. ckton- Joe Adams, H. O. Hoss. J. Al
legretti, <•. B. Garrlnotta, B. S. Sllva, E.
Zkilicy.
Tomalrs— O. D. do Matini. M. 1j Goldega,
M. L. Murphy.
NILES SEARLS
FOR PRESIDENT
Pioneers to Elect Officers,
THE annual election of officers of ihe
Society of California Pioneers will
take place July 7. The election occurs
on the anniversary of the conquest of
California-
It is understood that the eminent pio
neer. Judge Miles Snarls, will be called to
the ofllce of President to succeed Aylett
R. Cotton. The vice presidents chosen at
thi° last annual election were Nlles Searls,
E. \V. McKinstry, Charles X. Felton,
Walter Van Dyke and George Hager.
Alfred Swingle's Will.
The will of Alfred Swingle, who died
June 12, leaving property valued a 1 11000,
was filed for probate yesterday. The en
tire estate is devised to Elizabeth Rogers,
a stepdaughter. The decedent says in his
will that ho has not seen or heard of his
three children. Alfred. Julia and Ellen,
for over forty years, and in consequence
he disinherits them.
The Ninth of September.
To-morrow night the initial meeting cf !
the Native Sons to lay the foundation for :
an appropriate celebration of Admission ;
day on the 9th of next September will be
held In Native Sons' Hall. There will bo
a committee of three from each of tho
local and bay county parlors to take ac
tion In the matter.
ISTHMIAN CANAL
COMMISSIONERS
Meet and Make Walker
President.
CALL AT THE WHITF HOUSE
MUCH PRELIMINARY WORK YET
TO BE DONE.
Careful Examination of Previous Re
ports to Be Had Before a Start
Is Made for Scene of
Operations.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June 15.— The mem
bers of the commission appointed by
the President to examine Into the
question of the most feasible route f' r
a canal across the isthmus of Nicara
gua met this morning in the Corcoran
building. The only absentee was ex-
Senator Pasco of Florida. Admiral
Walker was elected president, after
which the commission called upon the
President in a body to pay their re
spects. Later they went to the State;
Department and called upon Secretary
Hay, with whom they discussed some
of the details and the plans of thri
work before them.
Subsequently the commission held a
meeting at which there was a general
exchange of views regarding the work
before them, but no decision was
reached upon any point and the com
mission adjourned until to-morrow.
The magnitude of the work before them
is fully realized by the members, and
they propose to make a moat deliberate
survey of the situation before matur
ing their plans.
All the members of the commission
are anxious that the work be pushed
with the greatest possible expedition
in the hope that a report can be sub
mitted upon which Congress at its next
session can act.
The commission spent several hours
altogether in general iliscnission and an
interchange of views between individ
ual members on various phases of the
project. The probable inability of the
commission to accomplish its work and
draft its report in time to submit to
Congress the coming winter was re
ferred to, &nd the opinion expressed
that the commission cannot dispose of
the preliminary portion of iis work,
make the careful de-tailed examinations
in the Held and return here and place
the results of the investigation, with
the accruing recommendations, in in
telligible shape before the session of
Congress beginning a year from next
December.
Two- reports will be carefully exam
ined, in all probability, before the com
mission starts for the isthmus. These
are the report of the last Nicaragua
Canal Commission, which unfortunate
ly is not yet in print, necessitating the
laborious task of individual examina
tion of the manuscript notes and maps,
and the report of the French commis
sion that had to do with the Investi
gation of the Panama route. Other data
Will be secured from various sources.
At to-morrow's meeting the question
of appointing a secretary and disburs
ing officer will probably be passed upo-n.
Later on appointments will be made of
chief engineer and a large corps of en
gineers to work in parties on various
routes. The last two or three Ameri
can commissions have devoted their at
tention exclusively to the Nicaraguan
Canal, so that the scope of the present
commission will necessarily involve a
large amount of work hitherto un
touched by our investigations. Parties
of engineers will be. put at work on
definite routes net already pronounced
Impracticable, and even an exception to
this possibly may be made. The com
mission's session to-day developed no
definite understanding as to when it
would start for the isthmus, that being
deferred for the present. It is thought,
however, that there will not be a delay
of more than a few weeks before the
actual work of the investigation is be
gun.
WATER COMPANY DEFIANT.
Refuses to be Bound by the Award
of Arbitrators.
LOS ANGELES, .Tune I.l.— The Lop An
geles Water Company has replied to the
resolution adopted by the City Council, in
which that body aocopte<i thf> award of
i tlie arbitrators and asked the company
I whether or not it would also accept the
, award.
This morninff Secretary Mott handed to
<"ity Clerk Hance a resolution adopted by
the directors of the water company and a
lrpral opinion rendered to the directors of
the company by the attorneys for the
company.- The opinion dedans that the
aHi Lrid award is not an award, because it
was agreed to by but two of the arbitrat
ors Instead of three, as provided In the
contract, and for this and other reasons
the directors refused to abide by the
decision of a majority of the arbitrators
Or to be bound by their award.
TENNANT AGAIN MARRIED.
Wedded to Miss Welch Soon After
His Divorce.
SAX JOSE, June 15.— The news of the
marriage of Fred W. Tennant and Miss
Kittle Welch, both of this city, at Phoe
nix. Ariz., on June 1 has just leaked out.
Tennant was only divorced from liis wife
a few weeks ago on a suit broupht by her
alleging cruelty. The affection of Ten
nant for Miss before the divorce
resulted in the young lady being: horse
whipped by Tennant' s daußhter, Miss
Margaret. The divorce of the Tennants
attracted considerable attention on ac
count of their prominence. Tennant and
his new wife are toiirinpr the State on
their honeymoon.
Work on Shamrock Delayed.
LONDON. Juno 15.— Tho Yachting i
World to-day says: Futher unexpected :
dlfflcutles have been met in the construe- i
tion of tho Shamrock, and. though none j
of them will permanently affect the boat, j
they have delayed the work so that her '
launch is Impossible before the last day j
of the month, and some modifications of '
the arrangements of the sailing trials \
have been rendered necessary by the de
lay in her construction. When she is
launched she will be taken to Fay's yf#d
at Southampton to be finished there. All
her standing and running goar is com
pleted, and it is lixpected that, once
launched and* her mast* stepped, her out- j
fit will be finished in a day or two.
Gilbert-Stafford Nuptials.
REDWOOD CITY. Juno 15.— A pretty
wedding was celebrated at this place yes
terday, the principals being William B.
Gilbert and Miss May Stafford. Mr. Gil
bert is the present County Surveyor, and
his bride is the daughter of Merchant
James Stafford. The ceremony was per
formed lit high noon at the residence of
the bride's parents by the Rev. Father
Conlan. The "Lohengrin" wedding march
was rendered by the Misses Jessie and
Eva Gilbert. Miss Emma Gilbert acted
as bridesmaid and George Stafford as
groomsman. Many costly presents were
received. ...
. ♦ .
Alleged Wreck of a Steamer.
LONDON, June 15.— An irresponsible
news sheet publishes an alleged dispatch
from Saratow, Russia, asserting that the
Niagara, an American-built steamer, was !
wrecked in the River Volga during a
storm to-day, with a loss of 120 lives
There is no confirmation of the statement
however, from any source.
, Italy Demands Satisfaction.
LONDON, June IB.— The Italian Govern-
ment, says the correspondent of the Dally
Mall, has demanded satisfaction from
France for the arbitrary arrest at Nice of
the Italian general. Giletta, taken Into
custody there on the charge of espionage.
California Parlor.
California Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. W.,
held an unusually large meeting last
night, and after the routine business there
was a high jinks, with a good programme
of music, song and story telling.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
I Mrs J Epplnger, Cal Mrs F S Hawkins.
i Mrs G Ferguson, (; a i Hollister
T H Boudreau. Cal Mrs X D Bogus & eh,
E C Horst. City Hollister
Z Oppenhelm, Phlla [L J Simpson, Seattle
C M Wharton. L»el Mrs L J Simpson. Seat
F II Fox, Phlla VV E Cunningham &
,T C Salter. St Louis w. Mo.
CJeo S Drake. Bt Louis R S Boyns. Sacto
i .1 E Kelty NY J F Dunne. San Flllpe
I Chas Howard & w.Cal Mrs J F Dunne. San
C O Gowlng & w, Cal Flllpe
! R A Morales, Argentine Miss Castro. t»;lmy
i M Segln. Argentine Mrs L M Allen, Uhlgo
C J Wetmore. Oakland C Kleyboth, N V
A Taylor, City Mrs C Kleyboth. N V
T \V Kline. Phlla ■IV'Calnian. N V
I J A McOluster. Los A>slrs L R Valj>ey. Eng
• A 3 Frank. Boston 1 D Hooker. L>s Ang
H .1 Wurzlun, Chicago B Cohen. Alhambra
: H E O'Brien. S Diego Mr? O Martin. NT
' fl I) KiK^r, N V fohn S Martin Jr. NY
! J D Wilson Jr. Chigo 3 E Powell. Eng
i F Welsel. Sacto Mrs < i E Powell. Eng
Mr Snltlage, Shanghai' F H Jackson. Los An
I Mrs Snitlnge.Shan K hai 1> Palmay
Mrs Leu c r decker. jW R C,reen. Denver
! Shanghai I
GRAND HOTEL.
i G Tun-ell. Cal Miss S Hubbard. Cal
| R A Rogers, Cal Mins R Hubbard. Cal
! W E Henry. San Jose I A Miller, Austin
1 J M Bell. Rockltn 'J J Hebbrr.n. Salinas
F C Stalnford. Cal C V Walker, Salinas
1 W A Bantz. Seattle E W Maasey, Cal
| I C Hall. Redlands X C Putnam. Cal
! C H Bentley. Sacto Mrs E Aldrich. CaJ
[I H Cowles, Watsonvl Dr W T McAllister,
1 J B Lamkin. San Jose Veterans' Home
' C N Allen, Sn Rafael A Tcgnazinni. Cal
I I Stowsland, N V E George, Cal
H D Mervin, Cal W Furstner. N l
7 c Mulvey Cal 10 H P Sheets & w, Cal
T H Nicholson. Oaklnd,fl F Chapman, Reddng
C H Hamilton & w, I H Roberts. Sacto
Ottawa N Wents, Truckee
Mißs Dobbins. Pawulen R Dollar, Pan Rafael
J I> Riddle Hanford I Rudee, I'klah
[> I,eesi-r Chicago Mrs P L->umar, Chicag
3 .1 Hlnda Fresno Mrs R M.nler, Chicago
j F Condon, Verdi Q R Stewart, cal
. I Barnes Jr, Seattle A Meyer. Modesto
WC Byrne & w, Cal 1 W Helllg, Selma
! Mrs R Hosklns. Cal J B Iverson. Salinas
■ Miss Hoskins. Cal Mrs F B Hubbard. Cal
Mrs Jamison. ■ !al
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Hopkins. Napa S Davis, Eureka
! H Platt Portland W A Thomas. P Diego
F Winter. c H l E Olsen. S Diego
'• E Smith. Maryland J A Ridker & w. Cal
J C Crane, Boston A B Hooker. Term
A E Nell Chicago J S Byod. Tennessee
A R Moulton CMeagol'W C Champbrelaln.
P J Murtha. S Rafael ! N V
A B Bowden. Merce.l C A Rnuse, Cal
O Lane Pan Ramon .1 G P.alley, Cal
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
257 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets ; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
YERBA BT'ENA Lodge of Perfection *&*
No. I— Regular meeting THIS (FRI- /»
DAY) EVENING. June 16. at S o'clock. Jg&
D. -. GEO. J. HOME, Secretary. V&2&
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and •
A M.— THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING,
at 7:30 o'clock. 2 D. By order of the JLJT
W. M. '"^
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3, I. .^Ss"W&te.
O. O. F.— lnitiation FRIDAY ; ss29^£=
EVENING. All brothers invited. -=jwr«c-
ALEX JACOBI. N. G. " '""
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v XT St.
Lan Club THIS EVENING at 8 qV, \a\VJ
o'clock at Scottish Hall. 117 Lar- ><&£akr
kin st. Business of Importance,
A full attendance requested.
ANGUS McLEOD, Chief.
ANDREW McNAIR. Secretary. '
SPECIAL?, NOTICES.
' ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
i BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: teL KM.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— Dividend No. 6S (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company. 327 Market St.. on and
after TUESDAY, June 20, 1399. Transfer
books will close on WEDNESDAY, June 14,
ISS9, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
1 CHINESE and Japanese help: established 20
years; tel. Main 199". Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS — FEMALE.
SCANDINAVIAN cook. 2 years' references,
neat Irish second girl, 7 years" references,
wish situations. See J. F. CROSETT & CO..
316 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook desires situation;
good reference; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist in housework; $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 32.". Sutter st.
WANTED — Lady of middle age desiring retired
position, will keep house or care for invalid
in secluded home; moderate salary required.
Address box 564, Call.
RESPECTABLE American girl, aged 20, wishes
a place to take care of children and willing
to assist; no objection to the country. 40
Clara st.
RESPECTABLE young French lady wishes a
situation as governess or lady's maid in
American family; best of reference. 2829
Laguna st.
COMPETENT woman; good cook and washer;
willing to go short distance in country: lately
from East; good references. 270 Jessie st.
YOUNG respectable girl wishes situation as
■ chambermaid. Apply 16 Stockton place, bet.
Stockton st. and Grant aye.
WOMAN with a child of 6 years wants a place;
general housework, plain cooking and wash-
ing. Apply at 410 Minna st.
GERMAN girl, IE years old. wants position as
child's nurse. Please call or write 35 Moss
st., upstairs. -
GERMAN girl wishes a situation to do general
housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply 152 Clin-
ton Park.
AN experienced saleslady. German, wants posi-
tion. Apply 103 Ninth st.
EXPERIENCED nurse to take charge of in-
valid. 215 Shotwell st.
EASTERN woman wishes position as manag-
ing housekeeper: city or country; or as agent
for wholesale house: can accustom herself to !
most any kind of business*: no objection to •
traveling; from 10 to 5. 29 Eddy St.. room 15.
! MIDDLE-AGED lady would like to go to
country for summer for light services; neat
sewer: good home more object than wages
Box 1533, Call office.
WANTED— By a young woman from the East,
a place at housework or second work. Ap-
ply box 546, Call office.
WANTED— Sewing and mending to do at home
150 Fourth St.. room 12. first floor.
! TWO Eastern girls with v first-class references
wish situations; one as waitress or second I
I work, other housework. Call 37 Ramon St.,
bet. 7th and Stth, Folsom and Howard.
; COMPETENT middle-aged woman wishes sit-
uation to do general housework or cooking
in private family. Address 1116 Hampshire, j
| WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; »1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED—
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414V4 OFarreil t*t. ; tel. East 424.
i JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. QEO. AOKI. 30 Geary st.; tel. Grant 56.
STEADY, reliable man desires employment on I
private place; city or country; understands {
care of horses and cows; handy with tools
and about machinery; well recommended.
Box 550, Call office. --
YOUNG English gardener and porter; under-
stands care of horses; can milk and run gas
engine: quick, active and useful. R. HOL-
DEN, 1183 Park aye., Alameda.
HANDY man and rough carpenter wants
steady- work of any kind; wholesale house
factory or watchman. Box 552, Call office. '
WANTED— By reliable young man, window or
house cleaning or other small Jobs about Drl-
vate place. Box 653, Call otflc*.
[ WANTED— Continued.
i STRONG young man would like a situation:
, j willing to do any kind of work. Address box
656, Call. -
GOOD all-around painter, house or carriage,
wishes position. Box 555, Call office.
' SITUATION wanted by a first-class barkeeper;
! good mixer; city or country or extra work
i ' done. HERMAN. ISO-:* Powell st.
' ' JAPANESE speaks English well, wants situa-
tion to do cleaning in store or as office boy.
Address box 997. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS Japanese landscape gardener.
Just arrived from Japan, wants work by day
or contract. Address D. B. HOUSE. 634 Post.
HELP '.VASTED-CEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO PHONE GRANT
Fancy lroner for first-class resort hotel. $35
and free fare both ways; fancy ironer for ho-
■■ tel, near city, $35. c. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
HEAD waitress, country hotel. $25; waitress,
Santa Cruz, $20. to go to-day; waitress,
springs, $20; 10 waitresses, different springs
and resorts. $20; waitresses for best commer-
cial hotels in country. $20. many free fare; 4
waitresses, city, $20: 3 chambermaids to wait,
for resorts, $20; woman cook, $30
Scandinavian woman to cook for 15 men. $25,
see party here.
FAMILY ORDERS
Private family laundress for country, $30, free
fare: 10 housegirls. $25; 30 young, competent
girls for cooking and general housework. $15
to $20. C. R. HANSEN _ CO.. 104 Geary St.
PLAIN laundress, city hotel, $25; plain laun-
dress, country hotel, $20. C. R. IIANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
THREE waitresses, same spring hotel. $20: 1
hotel chambermaid, $20; 2 fancy ironers. ho-
tel laundry, city, $1 25 day and board. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
PLAIN laundress, hotel, $25 per month. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Santa Cruz, $25 per month; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter st.
NURSE, $25 per month. MISS CULLEN, 225
Sutter st. .
REFINED German nursery governess. $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, hotel, city. $30 per
month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Butter st.
WANTED— Waitress for country hotel. $20 and
tips; country hotel and summer place, see
boss early this morning; waitress for springs.
j $20: 20 other waitresses for city and country
hotels and restaurants, good wages: German
second girl, $20; laundress, $30; 2 Protestant
girls general housework, American families,
$25: nurse, $15; 2 second girls, country. $25;
jrirls for housework, city and country, $20 and
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID and waiting, first-class hotel,
country, fare paid: 2 waitresses, city. $25:
woman for Angel Island. $20 to $25. LEON
ANDRE. 316 Stockton St. ■
PANTRY girl to assist waiting. $20; country
hotel. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
I WANTED— girl. 14 to 16 years, to help
in small family: no washing; $8 per month;
German girl preferred. For particulars in-
quire at AUG. JACQUEMETS flower store,
I 236 Sutter St.
j W\NTED — Girl to assist in housework in small
private family. $15 per month; good home:
also Increase to good woman. Apply 121 d
Bush st. _____
GIRL for general housework In country town:
wages $10: good home. Apply at 703 Geary
st., room 70, between 2 and 4 p. m. ;
NEAT, competent young girl with experience
wanted to assist In taking care of little In-
fant. Apply at 2116 California st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught: . satisfaction guaranteed:
terms easy; evening classes. 506 Leavenworth.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleeon Co.. 635 Market.
GIRL to learn dressmaking; one living home
preferred. • 6 Eddy St.. room 96.
YOUNG girl to assist in light housework. 1761
Ellis St., between 1 and 5 p. m.
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
washing or children. ' ISO 2 Stockton, upstairs.
GOOD cook who can take charge of kitchen;
$7 a week. 631 Ellis St. %
i WANTED— and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye.
(JIRL to do light housekeeping; no cooking;
no washing; $5. 1913 Geary st.
GIRL to assist with light housework and chil-
dren. Fifth aye., near Lake; $10.
i FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also appren-
tice; steady work. 3."4 Geary st.
____„__-_—-_- _ __
HKI.P \va\ti:i)-m \!.i:.
mT^IJRAY^&^EADY PHONE MAIN BB4S
Leading Employment «nd Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Fare paid We ship to-morrow Fare paid
20 laboring men. no experience necessary,
from $26 and found up. for the sawmills and
woods; $25 laborers for the gold mines, $45 to $0.".
Laborers for coal mines $45
Furnace men Miners
Granite cutters $3 day
Bridge carpenter Sheetiron worker
Blacksmith and horseshoer, country shop —
...$3 day
TEAMSTERS LABORERS
10 4-horse teamsters, banking company — $."i2
10 pick and shovel laborers $46
MEN FOR THE HARVEST :..
Header wagon drivers $2 day and found
Teamsters and harvest hands
$1 SO and $1 75 day and found
Farm hands for all parts of the country .
Dairymen Milkers Butter-makers
Buggy washer Hostlers Stablemen
FREE FARE...R. R. WORK... FARE
Teamsters, laborers, drillers, hammersmen.
stonemasons and tunnelmen
Ranch and shop blacksmiths
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
FIRST-CLASS pattern-maker for large ma-
chinery and mill company; country; good
ages. lujw
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
CHEF cook and dishwasher, country hotel, $."0
and $18; kitchen crew, small country hotel.
$70; baker, country shop, $50 and found:
bakers, $3."» and $40; cooks. $35. $40 .and $15;
waiter, mining hotel. $25 and found; butchers,
$30 and found; waiters, dishwashers, etc.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk, country store;
references required; single man preferred.
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
MILK wagon driver, $12 week.
MURRAY & READY.
634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — Quartz miners as well as men
who under stand runninc power drills. $3 50
day; part fare advanced: quartz miners for
California. $2 50 day. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
62S Sacramento st. •
WANTED— Engineer for quartz mine. $3 day;
machinist for quartz mine, $2 60 day. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 62S Sacramento st. ___
WANTED— 3 farmers. $150 day. see boss here;
6 rough carpenters to build : fence, $2 day,
fare paid: milkers. $25 and $30: butter maker,
$30; buggy washer. $30; 4 laborers, $2 day: 9
woodsmen. $40 and board, tare advanced; 2
blacksmiths. $60 and $40 and found; 2 swamp-
ers and 1000 others. J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— First-class broiler, $60: second
cook, country hotel. $40. see boss here: cook
and wife, private family. $50; cook, restau-
rant. $11 week: cook, resort, $40; hotel cook.
$60: 4 cooks. $30; second hand on bread. $30
and found; neat waiter. J:'": and others. ,J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 62R Sacramento St.
WANTED— An American bookkeeper, double
entry general merchandise, etc.; not over
30 years of age: references required: salary
$73. See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— farmer to Instruct boys,
$3." and found: steady; for Institution. See
3.. T. CROSETT & CO., fi2S Sacramento st.
C. R. HANSEN A CO PHONE GRANT 185
." EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
Blacksmith, R. R. camp, free fare $3 a day
Blacksmith's helper, R. R. camp, free fare..
...$2 25 a day
20 tunnelmen, $2 to $2 50 a day Free fare
3 stonemasons, free fare $3 a day
100 laborers and teamsters, $1 75 to $2 a day..
Free fa re
MISCELLANEOUS
Horseshoer, near city. $2 50 to $3 a day.
fare 2.'.c: blacksmith. $1 50 a day and found;
stableman, $40 and found; carriage painter,
i $2 50 a day: 6 farmers, $30 : 9 farmers. $1 25 a
I day and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
THREE broilers this morning early. $50, $60,
$70; fry cook. $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st. : -'^ r . ; -.--.;-.
FOUR colored waiters, hotel, north, fare ad-
vanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— waiters
for first-class springs, $25: second cook, city.
$40; man to milk cows, feed chickens, make
butter, etc., private place, $25. Cull and see
our list. . . ■->•; ■_■: ■ -.-
MAN' and wife for Fruitvale, $35 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
I JAPANESE boy for cooking, country, $25 per
month and fare paid. MISS CULLEN, 325
i Sutter st. ■:..■..
I SECOND cook, $10: waiter, $25; country hotels.
HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— Reliable man to assist light, genteel
work 9 hours per day: duties easily learned;
must be satisfied with $16 per week; small
capital required. 1032 Market St., room 4.
WANTED— Boy who has worked In a printing
office; give reference and wages expected.
Box G57, Call office.
j 4 LABORERS. $40 and found: 2 colored porters;
1 barkeeper; 1 typewriter. 1529 Howard st.
1 YOUNG man with experience to work in
bakery at 127 Fifth st. ; call between li and i,HELP WANTED— < ontinnril.
iz;: : „ ,_-. .„_
CITY salesmen; salary or commission. W. B.
MONTGOMERY. 40$ Ellis St., room 33, after
m.
A ANTEW-2 tailors on pants and blouses. In-
cj'-.ire. of First Sergeant, Company K. casuals,
1 reyjjln. i
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
n:"t. H. Bernard. Sec, KM 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
FIRST jCL'ASS barbers for the city; wages i
515. Apply H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st.
,;OOD barber for Friday. Saturday and Sun-
day. 153 Fourth St., near Howard.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday
356 Geary pt. j
riARRER with 1 or 2 years' experience; no j
students. 131 Valencia st.
BARBER Saturday at POSH Howard st ; the
same man iT possible.
UARI3ER, good workman, wants job; city or
country. Box 542, Call office.
UARBERSr-25c shop in prosperous mining !
town for sale; &0. H. W. ATKINS Ophir ■
ii!. ■
$V>v-S CHAIRS: central; 10c barber shop- rent
r,2: in\estiKate. STOLTZ. 630 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS shoemaker on repairing. Apply
nrcr::-dlatr!y at 226 Noe, near Market.
FIP.PT-i.'LASS cabinet-maker wanted. * Ninth
stieet. ■ I
WANTED— Second cook at Healy's restaurant,
1119 Market st.
WANTEI"*— Young man, German, as bartender,
at 44S Fifth st. j '
BOY in blacksmith shop. 1114 Harrison st.
BOOTBLACK. 152 Third st.
GOOD dishwasher. 5 East st ; call at 6.
WANTED— A dishwasher at 61? Clay st.
WANTED- Intelligent reliable man for re-
sponsible position. $:o a week: must have $150 !
cash security. Western Invest. Co., 9 Geary. |
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesls
ccal mines, Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient i
new ground has been opened up during the |
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required, .
and miner? unaccustc led to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO.. R. H. ;
NORTON, superintendent.
WANTED— The address of any and all ex- |
agents of the industrial department of the I
Pacific Mutual Life Insurance Company of !
California; money In this for the ri»;h: par- |
ties For further particulars tress W. H. ]
G.. P. O. box 187. Pan Diego. Cal. .
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillnien and team-
sters on railroad work: fare Oakdale to
Sonora free. Apply to BUCKMAN, 302 Mont- ;
gi ■wery st. ';
BOXING instructor wanted for Argentine train- j
ing ship: contract: letters only, with refer- j
frr.ee*. W. Y. LOAIZA. Argentine Consul, 216 ]
Pansome st. '*"
SALESMAN for Introducing cocoa and choco-
;«tfs with grocers; only -class salesman :
thoroughly knowing market will apply; good
man. hlph salary. Box 524. Call office. |
TO go this week— Krto pairs men's shoes, some
nearly new. from s>"»c to $1 50: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St., ;
bet. Ist and *;i ste.': r.pen 5 a. m. to I p. m.
WANTED— Two coatmakers, ■• •■ bushelman:
§bet 12 and 1 o'clock. SAN JOSE WOOLEN
MILLS, r.23 Market st. ■
i;oon lunch counter waiter for country town.
Address box 549. Call office.
YOUNG man to learn trade; must have money
to buy small business. BROWN. 132 Bush st. I
JET your shoes half solPd while waiting. 35c to
.We.' 662 Mission «t.. between Ist and 2d sts.
MEN wanted everywhere to distribute samples
and advertise California Orange Syrup; $2 !
per > J .ay and expenses paid; cash every week: i
particulars for 2-cent stamp. California
Oranse Syrup Co., San Francisco, <'al.
■W\ N'T El >— Laborers and mechanics to know !
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
rur.* Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large \
r : s: ■-'•> per night: $1 to $2 per week.
V^i! =£N House; 775 Mission St., near Fourth— |
■ ■ r,,!,-rn rooms with hot, cold water; free j
haths; electric lights: elevator: 2?c to $1 night, j
VAN'TEI >— Expert I imp men and powder men
fr Meam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
i-.McMAHON, 210 Sp°ar st.
VvTntEP---' 1 ; -i I "'* and shovel men at $1 75 per I
day. Devisadero and Broadway, city. I
W-\NTF:r>-2" men to occupy rooms: 10c per
r.ieM. i"V to ?1 per-wk^ 105 New Montgomery.
IiI"?H. 421. above Kenm y — Choice rooms; gas j
and; stationary n-nshstand; 15c, X : up •
- VILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. M Steuart st.
"AjsrNGLE furnished rooms, 10c, 13c an 25c
r'er r.isht. Lindell. Jth and Howard; read. rm.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F. j
BARBER COLLEGE. 13^ Eighth ?t. :
FA LI? S2l (Rwedale House)— l6l room* day.
weekicf mo.; rates. 25c to $1 per night; re-
iuctlf.n to i*rmanent roomers; reading room.
PENSIONS -J H. SHEPARD & CO., attorneys.
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SINGLE rooms, lßc. We, 25c per night: 75c, $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. £634 Market st.
TP.Y House. 957 Mhrket St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
Ike»- -- - •-= 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry. _
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
rlerks. XT.cx Collection Agency. 112 Putter ft.
AGENTS WANTED.
FELL Magic Heel Protector*, sample 10c: also
leather Lustre: sam Ssc. BROWN. 332 Bush.
PROPERTY W ANTED.
CHEAP lots near car lines anywhere In Pan
Francisco J. J. EVANS. Real Estate and
Loans, Mill? building.
ROOMS WANTED.
BY~2*"aduTts, 3 unfurnished Funny rooms near
panhandle: modern: reasonable. Box 543. Call.
furnTtttrl: wanted.
JENSEN Furniture Store. 79 9th. buys, sells,
eich. new & id-hand fur., carpets, stoves.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To buy. a halr-plcklng machine.
Address, stating price, box E2B, '"all office.
ROLLER top desk, second-hand; must be fine.
Box irS6, Call office.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. K. B.
STONE. Elmhumt.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AB we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
»ame as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
its., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. I
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house I
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the. ,
customer. j
12 60 PER ran. rents elegant cabinet grand up- I
right; or sell cheap. 342 Kearny st. ]
A NEW Chickering and I Stelnways. Keefte's.
1019 Van Ness aye.. nr. Geary: tel. Larkln 706.
OUR specialty Is renting new pianos/ $2 50 per |
mo. Bcott-Curta* Piano Co., 660 Hayes st.
R ~A. DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAI7,\ 308 to 312 I-? It ■
A— UPRIGHTS. 169 up; installments, $5 75 up; i
rents, $2 up followed on Kale). Heine. 136 Bins.
BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put -ml
Bale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt. I
A— sBs; UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st. :
6OHMGR, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. $08
Post at. I
W G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St.. agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
KN'ABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH- I
i.Kh & i 'HASE. 30 O'Farrell st. j
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MVLI.rR. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
f SEWING MACHINES. .
fi~MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 4*.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer. White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented: re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth »t.
Si OH AUK.
• ALA. Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.. !
'at Mission. goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25. •
PIERCE • TAYLOR, packing and storage of .
turn. & H. H. goods 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 111. !
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
OrUce, 401 Post st., cor. Powell; tel. Main STII.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— JCSO— 15-room lodging house, rent $40, clear-
ing $50 per month; Kearny st. R. G. WILKE,
906 Market st.
A— s3oo— CIGAR store with club rooms and
laundry office; choicest location; close to
Powell and Ellis sts.; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE, 906 Market St. ■
A— sSaU; CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; living rooms; rent low; lease; a
first-class paying place: no better offer for
man and wire. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
Market st.
A-S4SO— BRANCH bakery and notion store In
lively country town, IS miles from the city;
rent $15. including fiat; a rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— sl2oo; BAKERY In lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000: rent
$25; horse, wagon, living rooms: a good pay-
Ing business, Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$450; BRANCH bakery in the Mission: 4
living rooms; rent $17 60: a good paying place;
clears about $10u per month. R. G. WILKE.
»06 Market at.
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rmr. ; one-half block from Wleland's Brewery;
dally receipts about $25; cash trade only; a
rare chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
$400— GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms; south
of Market; rent $25: owner selling on account
of other business. M. LESS. 765 Market St.
$700— BUTCHER shop; 35 miles from city;
route of 335 regular customers; receipts from
$1600 to $1700 monthly; living rooms; bargain.
LESS, 765 Market st.
$400— OYSTER house and tamale factory, near
Market: must be sold at once on account of
otlier business In country. M. LESS. 765
Market St.
$350— LOCKSMITH shop; established 14 years;
full value in stork; business speaks for itself;
satisfactory reasons for selling. M. LESS,
765 Market St., opposite Phelan's.
RESTAURANT in most prosperous Inland town
of State; 8 furnished rooms: offered at great
sacrifice; owner going to Europe. M. LESS,
765 Market st. ■
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions; a bargain;
leaving city. COWING & CO.. 995 Market st.
A ROOMY house, 10 light rooms; bargain this
day. COWING & CO., 9!<5 Market Bt.
A— NOTICE to jewelers; $1500 stock, tools, fix-
tures; bargain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
CATHOLIC book store bargain this day.
COWING & CO., 995 Market st. .
COFFEE and lunch ro.om : great sacrifice: sick-
ness cause sale. COWING & CO., 995 Market.
$150— PARTNER wanted in light business; $15
to $23 a week; trial given; no experience re-
quired. Western Investment Co:. 9 Geary st.
COAL yard for sale; cheap. WESTERN IN-
VESTMENT CO., 9 Geary st.
SALOON, 2 blocks north of Market: doing pay-
ing business: must be sold at once; great sac-
rifice. NATIONAL AGENCY. 783\_ ' Market.
$2Cki — HALF interest in manufacturing business;
big profits. National Agency, 783', Market.
11000— BAKERY; prosperous country town of
4000; store and wagon trade $20 day; supplies
4 towns with bread; line opening for hustler;
trade can be doubled. JONES, 865 Market st.
$1200— MANUFACTURING business; established
10 years; accident cause of sale: paying busi-
ness. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.-, 777 Market st.
BARGAIN— House furnishing and repair shop;
complete set of tinner's tools and machines;
stock of tin, agateware and house furnishing
utensile; for. sale cheap on account of sick-
ness; store located at 2' i "7B Fllimore s>t., city.
Address E. VAN EVERY,- Eden Vale, Cal
WANTED— Gentleman or lady with $1000 cash
for Investment; principal doubled in 1 month;
ample security; strictest Investigation per-
mitted. Particulars 1342 Market st.
$40 OLD-ESTABLISHED laundry route, with
outfit; paying $75 to $85 per month; trial given
and will go with purchaser until route Is
learned. Box 547. Call.
BARBERS— Rare chance, good three-chair
shop;; bargain. DECKELMAN BROS., 106
Ellis st. •
SALOON and 6-room lodging house, completely
, furnished, for sale. 80 Jackson st.
BARGAIN Must sell; going East; bakery, no-
tion and toy store. Cor. Union and Buchanan.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap. 614 Geary st.
GENERAL manufacturer wishes to communi-
cate with gentleman with 15000 or $10,000,
greatest opportunity in this line in United
States;- full information by address. Box
1516. Call office.
FORTUNES in rubber and coffee; plantations
for sale; participation $10 up; write tor pros-
. tus. MEXICAN IMPROVEMENT CO.,
220 California £t.
GOOD hotel In Sacramento; doing first-class
business; good location; 65 regular boarders ;
reason of disposal, parties going to leave. In-
quire Call office.
$150— DELICACY stand in market with other
things; doing good business; no night or Sun-
day work; make an offer. 515 Eighth St.,
Oakland.
FOR eale— Wine and liquor business, with
ItorFO and wagon and everything that belongs
to a wine cellar; Selected route. 1411 Pacific.
SNAP— Saloon: first-class location; must sell on
account of sickness; price $150. Inquire at
Call office.
FURNITURE store, established 25 years: re-'
tiring; no reasonable offer refused. 121 Sixth.
FOR sale— A good paying saloon. Inquire
Rathskeller. 544 California st.
RARE opening in daily Journalism. Address
M.. box 16.54. Call office.
SALOON for sale; in good location. Inquire at
636 Third St. ■
SALOON for sale — Good business; good loca-
" tion. Inquire National Brewing Co.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S.. 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply tins
office.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
$400— 10-ROOM cor. flat; worth $1000; 0n1y... $400
30 rooms; new fur. $250 cash, balance $10. 1000
22 rooms; on Howard st 500
MY BEST BARGAIN TO-DAY IS
..A 10-ROOM HOUSE; NEW FURNITURE..
$100 CASH :
..BALANCE $10 PER MONTH; PRICE $450..
lE-room house on Third st ' $373
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel and bar; 30 rooms 1800
5-room flat, near Emporium 250
IE room house; worth $000 260
16-room house, on Sixth st 550
28 rooms; sunny corner: clears $2<V) 1100
E0 rooms; best corner In the city 1800
10 rooms; on Jones St.; worth $1000 800
14 rooms; on Taylor st (good) 550
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market Ft., 1020 Market St.
10-ROOM house, new, elegant furniture, for
«ale at a bargain. DECKER. 1020 Market Ft.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
A— 6o rooms $2,800 28 rooms $800
A— 6o rooms 1,500 18 r00m5.... 650
A— 39 rooms 1,500 8 rooms 200
Insurance rates cut 25 to 50 per cent,
$350— 22-ROOM house, near Market st. ; rent $40.
$300— IS rooms; central; all rented- $150 cash,
balance on time. . BAS.ILE, 87314 Market st.
$300— LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;
rent MS 72 Jackson ft. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FOR sale cheap— Furniture of 4 rooms; all
new; rent $10. 45 Shipley at.
TAPESTRY. Brussels carpete, laid and lined,
BOc. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
FRENCH plate beveled mirror, 48x66 in., 4-in.
maple frame; perfect condition: another 30x48
In.; a bargain. JONES, 547 Mission St.
SINGER sewing machine; latest; new; cheap.
420 Precita aye.. near Alabama st.
7- ROOM house for sale: to be removed from
1219 Turk at. Inquire of EDWARD K. PEAR-
SON, 1231 Folsom st.
ICE plant; 2d hand; complete; pipe, engine,
boiler, ammonia tank. White, 610 Mission.
FIRE and burglar proof safe and. National
cash register; cheap. 42 Main st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.-
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission at..
above Sixth. ;'■;* :
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
- bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission »t.
FOR sale— Two very small thoroughbred black
and tan pups. 713 Mission at.; barber shop.
BOILERS engines, ! second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 139 Beale st.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h.'p. $125, 3
h. p. $150, 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co.. 527 Mission.
DRESS panta, $2 95: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
Ing Parlors. -613 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
A- $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento st. .
Bargains In new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
MINING
CENTRAL "eUREKA-THIRTY cents".
The first person ,who presents this ad and
$300 can buy 1000 ..shares ' of R. L. CHENEY,
630 California st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1899.
PERSONALS.
IN the goodiTof FREDERICK HAMMOND of
Dublin, deceased — Wanted, ROBERT, J.
HAMMOND, an heir of the above named;
born in Dublin; last heard of in Sydney, N.
S. W. Apply to T. V. RYAN, So Stephens
Green, Dublin. '
LINCOLN BROS.—
Sell Eggs, 15c do*; Butter. 30c roll; 2 lbs
coffee, 25c; 5 cans Deviled Ham. 25c; 6 cans
Sardines? 25c; 3 cans Table Peaches, 25c:
large cans Jelly, 10c; 12 lbs Beans, 2."> c; 4
cans Best Tomatoes, 25c; 5 cans Baked Beans,
26c; 3 cans. Milk, 2.".c; 'Flour, .c Bk; 19 lbs
Gran. Sugar; $1. We pay freight . 100 miles.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth, above Folsom.
LEDERER'S Quintonica gives the beautiful
gloss to hair you admire so much; 35c bottle;
Foamo Shampoo. 5c package. 123 Stockton at
ASK LEDERER for Schemer's Colorine; 'twill
restore gray or bleached hair to its natural
color for $1 50 to $5; price 75c per box; hair-
dresslns, 25c; switches. $1. 123 Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent- Trademark
Attorney at Law, . ana Copyright .
No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PRIVATE sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
hr. 26th; (Juerrero-st. cars; tel. Blue 991.
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits; low
prices: easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept., 1306 Stockton et.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital. 109 Elm aye.;
office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
separate ward for contagious diseases.
GENTLEMEN'S wing or mending at 271
O' Parrel! St., room 12.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion; guarantd. Dr. Gordin. 514 Pine, ab. Keany.
A— ELEGANT ladles' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co.. 1814 Market st. ; open evening!".
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Sutter St.
A— Ladles, or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market st., bet. 7th and Bth.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices;
$1 a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell & Mason.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 387 Geary St.; dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant; treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases; send |
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton, bet. ]
Post and Geary; sittings $1; diagnosis free. |
MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and |
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; developing |
and test circles Monday, Wednesday and Fri- i
day evenings; 25c. 234 1 Sixth st.
MISS HODGE, materializing seance this even-
■ ing. 8 o'clock; 50c. 323 Ellis st.
MRS. HARLA_ND'S, test circle to-night: flow-
ers; articles read; skeptics invited; IOo. ISO 6th.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing tram et seance,
8 p. m., 25c. 409 Leaven worth st.
MRS. MESA FRANCES, independent ■late-
writing medium. 118 Haight st.
MRS. ELLIS., tests to all; Tues.-Frl., 2 p. m.;
Mon.. 8; 25c; sittings. $1. 233 Valencia st.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office Ht 315 O'Farrell. I
CLAIRVOYANTS. .
MISS J. H. DWYER. the distinguished clair-
voyant and medium; those in trouble Or who
wish to know their future should consult this
gifted medium Immediately, either In person J
or by letter; Miss Dwyer graduated under the !
highest professor In occultism and Is master j
of the power by which she can reveal your j
entire life; also the lives of those in whom ;
you are interested; satisfaction guaranteed by
mall, $1; reduced rates to the poor. 917 Mar- i
ket st. • ■
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and ]
card reader; born with double veil and sec- j
ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read- ;
ing: ladies. BOo; gents. $1; Bit.. $1 50.. 118 Turk. ,
WONDERFUL success of of Mme. Cllugman,
from New York; scientific palmistry and ;
astroloKlst; readings &0c and $1. 513 Tenth j
- st., Oakland. |
MME. HARRISON, scientific palmist: pupil of j
Cheiro. ■ 531 Sutter st., near Mason, rooms 14
and 15. upstairs; ladles only.
MISS SHELDON is located at 17 Grant aye.,
room 6; card reading and business advice.
2 LADIES lately from the East; palmistry
and card reading. Room 2. 17 Grant aye.
MME. HANSON,- card reader and palmist; j
past, present and future, 26c. 148 Sixth, r, 12. I
MISS L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist. i
1066 Market St., room 2.
Miss M. FOX. celebrated card reader, room 12,
311 Grant aye.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS GRACE HAYS, card reader and mag-
netlßt. 207 Powell St., rooms 5-6.
RETURNED— MISS YON BERG, clairvoyant
and palmist. 204 Ellis St., rooms 35 and 36.
MISS ALEECE FAURE. card reader. 405 Kear- j
ny st., room 34: French and English spoken. I
MRS. KOPP, natural-born clairvoyant and card
reader; 60c. 18 Lewis St., off Taylor, nr. Post. |
MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader I
and Dalmist. S6V4 Geary st., rooms 1 and 3. !
MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 201 j
Post St., room 1.
BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush st., rooms 9 and 10.
MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist.
Parlors 12 and IS, second floor. 865% Market.
MME ETTA RALPH, magnetlst and psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3. 995 Market st
YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday" hours.
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkln st., room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Mission at.; clairvoyant,
card reader, and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c. I
MME MOREAU, the best medium and card I
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME BYBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus- i
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell «t.
PALMISTRY.
Miiif NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St. Ger- j
malne. 616 Geary St., above Jones; tel. Hyd«
2621 ; reading by mall. $1.
' YOUR Iftte is in your hand; scientific palmis-
! try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Market «t.. r. SO.
' PROF. D. LANDER will read your hand to
perfection. 34 Sixth St.. room U.
X— MME. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist. 916
Bush St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
sTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER* and trance medium; minerals i
j locate: lucky da.VF; palmistry. 818 McAllister.
CARPET CLEANING.
' CITY Steam Carpet Cleaning Works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets, C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
i Zi and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work j
Bend to SPAULDING'S , Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-367 Tehama st.; tel. S. 40. ;
• CARPETS cleaned. 8c per yard. H. L. JONES.
300 McAllister st., cor. Larkln: tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter at.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
' j' MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co.,
i 453 Stevenson st.: tel. South 228; lowest rates.
! CARPETS cleaned at .">c per yard; laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S, 8 Eighth St.; tei. Jessie 944.
1 J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. 8. Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn., 308 Golden I
Gate: carpet? cleaned. Sc yd.: tel. Mint 346. j
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden j
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. . i
LOST.
STRAYED- 1 From l.ark ' Wynford. a black
French poodle; answers to name of Cart !
Anyone returning same will receive $10. Mas- i
ter of bark Wynford, Howard st. wharf.
! LIGHT overcoat, on San Leandro road. bet.
I Alameda and Hay wards, Tuesday, June 13;
I good reward. Return or notify R. B. HAMIL-
• TON, 1275 Webster St.. Alameda. .
! LOST— a poor woman, $20. Reward at 1204
j Halght st. . - ■ ■ ' .
! LOST— Large diamond ring bet. Nevada stable |
! and Golden Gate Park. Finder return to :
j Nevada stable, reward $50. . . ..'
FOUND. ~ T ~
FOUND— In Golden Gate Park, lady's silver
watch and chain. 1611 Fulton st. : ■•■-
-PHYSICIANS.
■■ DR"c~ c7~b'DONNELL, office and residence,
1021& Market si., bet. «tn and 7;u.
HOUSES TO LET.
2 FINE houses, 33Sfi and 32SS Twenty-first st,
near Guerrero; 7 rooms eat-h; in perfect con-
dition; rent very reasonable; see them. E. Q.
DENNISTON, 3454 Twenty-first St.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
1C Montgomery ft.
SUNNY house, ? rooms and bath. $724 Brod-
erick St., near McAllister; rent 522.
FI 'itMSIIED HOI JiES TO LET.
DESIRABLE furnished house near park for a
month or more; reasonable; reference*. 1206
Haight st.
MISSION, »533. near Twenty-second— B rooms
partly furnished; modern built; latest im-
provements; water free. Room 8, Flood, bldg.
TO LET— 9 rooms and bath, with piano, $4S.
GEO. W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1706 Mar-
ket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
PUNNY cottage, 4 and 5 rooms; flat, 6 rooms,
bath; cheap. 1576 Flfteentii St., near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL modern S-room corner flat. Cor-
ner Howard and Nineteenth ets.
BRANNAN. 422, near Third Upper flat of 2
sunny choice rooms: yard; cellar; water; $6.
COZY flat; 3 rooms, bath;' modern. 3 Middle
Bt., off California, near Fillmore.
FELL, 611— Flat, 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water, Kas, yard and basement. Key
at 613 Fell st.
FLAT, 6 rooms, bath: basement; yard; sunny
and modern improvements; rent reduced. 432
Halght st.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay-window and bath. 716
Natoma St., bet. Eighth and Ninth; $12.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
FEW steps from City Hall, fine sunny top flat;
6 rooms, bath. 10 Grove st.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 >-ooms and bath; $16: repairs to
•uit. Q. H. TTMBSEN £ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
UPPER flat, * choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay Bt., near Fillmore.
$18— PARLOR, bedroom, dining-room, kitchen,
bath, tollot, cellar, yard. IPI7 Geary st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AT 14A Geary— Large, well-fur, suite for light
hskpg.; run. water; $lt> mo.; others $150 wk.
BRODERICK, 1324, cor. Sacramento— 3 unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; or with stove
and carpet ■
BUSH, 1203. nr. Hyde— Flat, 4 rms. partly fur-'
nished for housekeeping; gas: bath: piano.
CLAY, 3940— Large front bedroom, kitchen; use
of parlor; no children; price $10.
EDDY, 917— -NiJfely furnished connecting house-
keeping rums; no children; private residence.
FIFTH, 348 — Suite rooms furnished for house-
keeping; complete. '
FOLSOM, 63."., near Third— Housekeeping and
single rooms; furnished; rent reasonable.
GEARY, r.f.B— Elegant sunny front parlor, piano;
sultf-s; uther rms.; privilege light hkpg.;.tej.
QEARY, IJl7— sls; for adults; 4 comiortible
rooms and bath. 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and eoah
HOWARD, 704, cor. Third— Fine large sunny
rooms on first floor; suitable ,housekeeping.
HOWARD, 757%. nr. 4th— l fur. rms.; painted
walls; clean; bright; separate flat: stove.
HYDE, 621, nr. Post— 3 furn. rms. complete
for housekeeping: back yard; $1* with gas.
LARKIN, 32«— 2 or S sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MISSION. S21 — Bay- window front suite, $3;
large rooms, complete for housekeeping, $2.
MISSION, 968- One or two rooms complete for
housekeeping; cheap.
MISSION. lf>R3— Room for housekeeping; also
single rooms. ______
MISSION, lir.'i— I^arge front room; front room
and kitchen: good stoves: $s and $10.
SEVENTH, y>? Newly painted large furn. rms;
Ist floor; front garden; ba.-k yard: stove.
BOUTH PARK, 168. near Third and Bryant-
Front rooms for light housekeeping.
STEVENSON, 403. cor. Fifth— Housekeeping
rm*. : c< mplcte; newly tinted; $S up: homelike.
WASHINGTON, 2907— Upper floor, 3 large sunny
unfurnished housekeeping rooms: rent $Ifi
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
eunny rooms en suite or single: first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms, 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BOHEMIAN, 23H Post, cor. Stockton— Sunny
Oorfier, rooms ami suites: quiet, nil conven-
iences: tourist; elevator, etc.. first-class refs.
CARROLTON, 1108 Market— Punny corner fur-
nished iind unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLEMENTINA, 2K— Sunny furnished front
room.
CLIFFORD, 2"4 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 473—2 bright sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished, $:> and $0 month.
ELLIS, 742— Tastily furnished sunny room; gas,
bath; "ill hllow light housekeeping; $:'.
Fl iLSOM, 820, near Fourth Furnished rooms,
$1 week and up.
GOLDEN GATE a\p., 1404 Front sunny room
and kitchen; single room, $F>.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. corner Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite an.j
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 7M Mission- Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $<! per week.
HOTEL Grosvenor, 3 1 .? Sutter, near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator; free baths.
HOTEL Victoria, 1105 Hyde— Prettily furnished
corner suites, bath; board optional.
KEARNY. 326— Punny second parlor, with use
'.f fmnt parlor, for gentleman or man ajvl
wife, In private family; rent cheap. Inquire
shoe store.
MARKET, 1085. bet. 6th and 7th -Several choice
front sunny suites; also single; from $1 50 up.
M'ALLISTER. 885— Nicely furnished rooms in
private family; bath.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights: day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 129 A, nr. Powell— Neatly frnsliZ
rms.; bath; gas; quiet; home comforts.
POST. 629, bet. Taylor and Jone6— Sunny fur-
nished room suitable for two.
POST. 707, near Jones -Front alcnve suite; 1
back housekeeping room; gas; bath; closets.
POWELL. IB— Newly fur. : new management;
single, double, transient; next to Columbia.
POWELL, 17— Large and small, well kept rmp. ;
gentlemen preferred; convenient to theaters.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladies' parlor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished and unfurhiphed.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nicely furnished rooms; also
rooms for housekeeping : moderate.
THE WALDORF 24 Fifth Ft., near Market—
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A good rooming hods*
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 25, near Market— Sunniest rms. In S.
F. ; white lights; extra good beds; cheap.
TURKTlf*tt. nr. Taylor-Prottlly frnsh.i. rnr
for gentleman; quiet; private; central; $12 mo.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3210. nenr Folsom -Nire
sunny bay-window front room; also 2 bed-
rooms; use of bath; private family; rent
reasonable.
VAN NESS, aye., 43— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; bay-window suite; kitchen: also other
rooms.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $5 a week up: Swedish home; parlor.
ELLIS. 112i'-Sunny front room suitable for
two; board optional; private family.
O'FAPRELL. 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single, $25; double. $20.
POWELL. 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms: in
business locality for table boarders.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GERMAN woman has good home for one or
two children; terms reasonable. 446 Vi Na-
toma st.
WANTED— One or two children to board; also
room. 439 Minna st.
INFANTS boarded; confidential. Box 700. Call
office.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and ioe
cream parlor. 1035 Market st. : popular prices.
OFFICES. TU LBT.
SUITE of office rms., fur.; west side; 143 Pow-
ell, below O'Farrell; occupied by doctor S yrs.
STORES TO LET.
NINTH, corner Bryant— Large store; good fix-
tures; .rooms and stable; rent low.
STORE to lease— First-class location for cigar
stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
Ets. MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st. •
UI— STORE, with counters . and shelving; 3
rooms. 1008 Natnma St.. near Eleventh.
_EXPE RT_ OPTIC «ANS^
GEO. MATERLE. German Expert Optician,
charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071^ Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings. * "
MEDICAL. 
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
cajie before going elsewhere; they will find
in her a true friend; a .home, for patients,
with every comfort,- convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
and confidential; home treatment, $5. No In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills, 510 Eddy st., .bet. Hyde and Larkln; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to 8. Sundays
by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that ' restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped instantly arid can return home the
same day; no Instruments used; cure at office,
$5; home In confinement; skillful medical at-,
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH, 942 Post St., bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. ; Sunday, M to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m. •
ALL ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of • all Invalids, men and women;
60 years" practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay: self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DA VIES, 1228 Market St.;
pills, $1: very syong. %1.
:A ' TREATMENT that resiorrs Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
, cause; positively no instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office,, $5; travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential;
'".home fqr patients; cpmfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Maricet St., between
' Mason and Taylor; office hours. 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m., Sundays, l 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
IMPORTANT— A great progress In medical sci-
■ ence for female • troubles, from whatever
- cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once, safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure. $3; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace; can be Bent; consultation
free; ladles' physician, .practice 37 years.
■ DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny St. ■ ■;-'
A — DR. G. W. O'DON'NELL. world-renowned
. - femaie specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Dbnnell has
VI treated suce»sfully more cases of • Irregulari-
<" ties than any other physician; never fails to
■' cure: consult him first, save time and money:
" treatment can b<» UFed at home: consultation
'-.free: call or write. 1023-4 .Market st. :_
DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor: Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium,. 764-766 Clay st., San Fran-
"' cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being Used:
' advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a., m... 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m. .... '.'.'■ .
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the 'great-'
■' est boon to them. Richards & Co., 406 Clay
■ tit. : 11 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
'■guro Mfg. Co., 531 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
•ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 60;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGQOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
A— DR. and MRS. SILVA, 215% Maaon St.—
Private home In confinement; ladles' friend
In trouble; terms reas. ; call and be convinced.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden, Oakland; home In confinement;
children adonte.l out. Take Grove-st 'car.
DR. and Mrs. Wise, 1118 Market st.— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or money back; $5 up.
PRIVATE home during confinement; best of
attendance. Address box 527, Call office.
MRS. DR. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home In confinement.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
EDUCATIONAL,
ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL — Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics.
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, busings practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening: catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.
iTOLMKS" College of Oratory — Term opens
August 1; elocution, literature, rhetoric, phy-
sical culture, Delsarte, vocal music, piano,
violin. Journalism, practical acting, stage
technique; 15 instructors; degrees conferred;
day find evening classes. Address secretary
for catalogue, room 4. Odd Fellows' big. S. F.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
BOOKKEEPING thoroughly In 6 weeks or a
year's course free; rapid cal'ns: other studies;
college graduates perfected. TARR, Expert
' Accountant, room 60, Flood building.
PRIVATE instructions in shorthand and type-
writing; improved method: $3 per month;
also typewriting done very reasonable. 365
McAllister st.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis syKtim; sunny rooms; low rates; day,
«yen. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, arahi.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
LAW Schools. 927 Market, S. F. . and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PIANO lessons by a competent teacher;.. t<?n
years' experience; 50c an hour. 620 Eddy st.
MATHEMATICS, history, English taught;
coaching specialty; vacation J5 mo. 220 Eddy.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College, 305 Le.rkin St., opp. City Hall.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. 51 per year.
DENTISTS. .
BrTTtTsT HIGGINS' Dental Parlors!
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
. Painless ■ extraction a specialty: Inferior
work done on the teeth Is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Bent materials used only.
A DISCOUNT of 20 per cent on all plates and
bridgework until August 1 to introduce our
new flesh-colored plates: thinner and stronger
than rubber; warranted for 20 years; crown
and bridgework teeth without a plate: fill-
ings". 50c: crown's, J3 50: plates, full set, $">;
all work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth St. :;.- .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rtn. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60 up; of-
fice hours, 9a. m. to 10 p. m. Sunday, 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes: no students: guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c up; gold
crowns, $3; gold bridges, $5 up: painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. ■ NEW
YORK DENTISTS, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas-, given. .
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling. 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st. .
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
MAGuiRE~&~GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
ing, 825-855 Market st. ; tel. South 215.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law,
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges, estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts,
• etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
NO charge unless successful: advice free: of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. ■ HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
' HOWE, 'any at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St., opp. Mason.
MRS. CLARA FOLTA attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship; Bth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emma Spreckels building.. 927
Market; consultation frcy, no fees In advance.
HORSES.
40 HORSES . for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness ;t Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction eales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ALWAYS on hand; well broken road, business
and work horses.- Chafe & Mendenhall. suc-
'.'■ cessors Kllllp & Co.; salesyard. 1732 Market.
. WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS- second-hand 'harness; wagons, carts,
j buggies, surreys and horses, 1140 Folsom, St.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
100 ACRES— Choice lands of the H. SCHWERIN
home farm, 5 miles from City Hall, in Visi-
tation Valley.
Sheltered on three sides by the valley in-
closure; deep black loam; abundant pure
water; natural drainage.
Bountiful acreage homes; 10 acres; at less
than a choice city lot.
THE 100 ACRES, $65,000.
By order of rartitioners.
THOMAS MORAN, Agent, 634% California.
ONLY • $545— A sacrifice; the cheapest lot in
Richmond; lot 25x120. ißpaH
Ninth aye.. near Point Lobos aye.; graded;
street graded, macadamized and sewered; a
fine purchase; cash or in Installments; $50
first payment.
W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery st.
IF you havo lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, cull on W. J. GUNN, 410 Montgomery.
$7850— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
Park view cannot be obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive-
ly decorated; hot air furnace: all possible
conveniences.. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD
on premises, ■ cor. • Fulton and Shrader sts.,
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. . car.
$S7S— BARGAIN; house and lot on San Bruno
road car line; must be sold this week. J. J.
EVANS; real estate and loans. Mills bldg.
IF your property is mortgaged and you ne»d
more money see H. MURPHY. 830 Market st.
POST, 762, near Leavenworth— Elegant dwell-
ing. 12 rooms. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
* Market st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
, more money cc« H. MURPHY, 680 Market st.
$325— LARGE lot. 44:6x103:6;" level, fenced; 1
• blpckfrom 2 car lines; positive bargain; no
humbug. Owner, 21 Powell, rooms 1 and 2.
II 1 your property Is mortgaged and you need
more monpy ?e» H. MURPHY 630 Market st.
, COUNTRY RICA I. KSTATB.
NEW rich! land near city; small and largo
tracts; 3150 acres sold to 120 families; 7f>Po
acres loft. For particulars of immense crops
raised In dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COTATI CO.. 302 California St., S. F.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms.
. W. D. HOLCOM &-C0..20' Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOAN'S on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1022 Mission st.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14. . '
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
• lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
. tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
' Store, 846 Market St.: telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
• pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldjr. 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
' THE REYNOLDS CO.. 69 Third st.
TO borrow money quick. J. J. EVANS. Real
> Estate and Loans, Mills building; notify,
will 'call.
REAL estate, 6 per cent: 2d mortg., chattels,
etc. Harper & Krelger, 312 Examiner building. '
160 , TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs.;
any proposition. PRYDEN. 413 Montgomery-
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK, 116 McAllister
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without indorser. TOUSLEY. 592 Parrott bldp.
AT Nevada Loan Office, 214 Grant — Money
loaned on diamonds. jewelry and clothing.
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save Inter-
est. ■ Cut Rate Loan Office, 22 Mason St.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— OO3 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2600 — NEW house; 6 rooms and bath and attic;
the latest colonial style and finish; corner lot,
near business center; local trains and school;
this is a forced sale: house is brand new and
would be cheap at $3300. J. S. MYERS. 1002
Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SAUfi.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA.MV.DA HEAL ESTATE.
j IMPORTANT NOTICE TO HOMESEEKERSt >
• These rive houses on our list must be sold at
a sacrifice to close contracts:
No. 1— 51450 for. a $2250 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 2— 51050 for a $2500 home; 5 rooms, bath.
No. 3— 52350 for a $3500 home; 6 rooms, bath.
No. 4— 53000 for a $4700 home; 8 rooms, bath.
No. 5— 54500 for a $7000 home; 8 rooms, bath.
The above homes are located on the main
avenues of the- city and contain modern im-
provements.
MARCUPE & REMMEL,
' 620 Market St., 8. F.. Bay-st. Station, Ala.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. DR. FUN XX, 1416 Sth.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE buying in Berkeley see our splendid
building sites In the scenic park; adjoins the
university grounds; you don't have to walk
8 or 10 blocks to and fro from college. O'G.
MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
I MUST sell at once; it you want a home in
Berkeley you'll buy if you Investigate this;
cheap at $2500; I'll take $1900 this week: near
university and Berryman station; location
fine; large *"■ -room cottage, basement, large
attic. Box 2 •■•>•. Call offlcft, Oakland.
BERKELEY FURNISHED HOUSES.
8 ROOMS and bath, furnished, piano, cheap to
August 1. FREESE & CODDINGTON, Berke-
ley Station.
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted— Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 18, 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10 o'clock a. m.'.
SATURDAY. June 24, 1809. and opened im-
mediately thereafter In the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home. Napa County. Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle). for six months commencing
July 1, 1599, and ending December 31, 1899.
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it
is In accordance with such schedules. . Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of tho amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter Into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as .required
by law. The board reserves the right to
■ reject any or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia, room 13, 320 Sansome st. San Francisco,
Cal. By order of the Board of Directors.
, J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR FURNISHING SUPPLIES—
Notice is hereby given that the Board of Di-
rectors of the Industrial Home for Mechanical
Trades for the Adult Blind of the State of
California, will receive and open proposals
and let contracts for supplying the home for
three months, commencing July 1, 1599. and
ending September 30, 1899, with the following
articles: ■'..:-. : .
1. Beef and mutton. 2. Groceries and pro-
visions. '3. Butter. 4. Coal. 5. Flour and
millstuffs. 6. Coffee, tea and chicory.
Bids will be opened Friday. June 30. 1899, at
7:30 p. m., at the home, corner Thirty-sixth
and Telegraph avenue, Oakland. Cal. '
Blank forms with schedules of supplies re-
quired, with conditions, etc., can be had upon
application to the superintendent, Jos. Sand-
ers, at the home..
The board reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
Preference will be given to goods manu-
factured In California, prices and quality
considered.
All bidders for furnishing supplies 'are' In-
vited to be present at the opening of the bids.
By order of the Board of Directors.
GEO. S. MEREDITH. Secretary.
OFFICE C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks, Wash.,
June 6, . Sealed proposals, In triplicate,
will be received here until 11 a. m., June 20,
1899, and then opened for ■ furnishing steam-
boat service between Astoria. Oregon, Fort
Stevens, Oregon, and Fort Canby. Wash., for
. fiscal year commencing July 1, 1899. Informa-
tion furnished here. United States reserves
right to reject or accept any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Envelopes containing
proposal:* should be marked: "Proposals for
steamer transportation," and addressed •to
undersigned J. W. JACOBS. C. Q. M.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Peter NicolsOn and Louise A. He 55. .......36-23
Peter J. Howard and Etta Brady 33-37
John Mlrrasoul and Louise A. Glrard.... 34-22
Francisco Cava and Filamlna Varletta.... 2B-15
Henry D. Lathard and Mary Otten 24-21
Harry Gabriel and Carrie A. Son 30-24
Max C. Ettlnger and Johanna Toeplttz 42-33
Peter Szukalskl and Mary Furrer 33-23
Henry. E. Carroll and Hilda C. K05by. ...23-21
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
HALE— In this city. June 13, U?9. to the wife
of John Hale, a son.
MOODY— In this city. June 13, ISW, to the
wife of Frank L. Moody, a yon.
HABBI£dT~
COLLINS— MULLINS— In this city, June
15. 1599. by the Rev. W. S. I'rmy, D. D.,
at the First Methodist Episcopal Church.
Miles S. Collins nnd Myrtle U. Mulltris. both
of Portland. Ore.
FRAHM— BOTH— In this city. June 1«. 1*99. by
the Rev. J. M. Buehler, E. J. Frahm and
Minna Both.
GOODRICH— BECKBR— In this city. June 14.
1899, by the Rev. Mr. Fuendeling. Hersehol
Morton Goodrirh And Louise Bocker.
HUMMEL— PARKS-In this city, June 15. 1899.
by the Rev. E. G. Mathena. P. D., Ernest
John Hummel and Nellie Parks, both of
this city.
MAYER-TOPT-In this city. June 14. 1539. by
the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frederick Mayer
and Clara Todt.
M'INTOSH— HUNT-Ib Berkeley. June 12. ISM*
by the Rev. George E Swan, Charles Her-
bf-rt Mclntosh and Pearl Marie Hunt.
SCHULZ— LEACH— In this city. June 13. 1899.
by the Rev. W. <?. Urmy. P. P.. Edward F.
Schulz and Lizzie F. Leach, both of San
Francisco.
SING— YOU-In thts city. June 5, 1899. by the
Rev. W. S. Urmy, D. D.. Wong Bow Sing
and Sun You, both of San Francisco.
STKIMKE--KRU.SE— June 14, 1599. by the Rev.
Paul Rianke. Dledrlch J. Pteimke of this
city and M:-h Anni.- ■' Krus* of t'lp.i^aiu-ii
DIED.
Auld. Porothy Lapham. John P.
Berg, Fanny E. M. Little. Robert
Biver, Louise S. LOOS, Mary M.
Carroll, Bridget McCarthy, William
Church. Jullh A. Morris, Honorah
eumdasof 'nßduajna Myers. Edith
Davis, John Parry. Frank F.
Pryer, Charles F. Ryan. Theodore V.
Flood, Rev. James Sheehan. Daniel J
Hermann, Mary A. Upward, Sidney O.
Knight, William G.
AULD— In West Side, Santa Clara County,
Porothy Auld. beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. R. L. Auld. aged 8 years.
BERG— In Butte, Mont.. June 9. 1899. Fanny
E. M., youngest and beloved daughter of G.
W. and Josephine C. Berg and sister of
Ethel and Frank Berg, a native of Butte,
Mont., ased 10 months and 4 days.
BIVER— In this city, June 12. 1899. Louise Su-
sanna, beloved child of August Biver. and
twin sister of Annie Lizile Elver, a native of
San Francisco, aged 6 years 11 months and II
days.
C?"Remalns at the parlors of Charles J. B.
Metzler, 63<i Washington street.
CARROLL-In this city, June 14, 1899. Bridget,
wife of the late Patrick Carroll and mother
of the late William Carroll, a native of the
Parish of Leltrlm, Cuunty Galway, Ireland,
aged 70 years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her lat«
residence, 1420 Montgomery street, thence to
St. Francis' Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CHURCH— In Lorin, June 14, ISP*, at the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Clara C Simp-
son, Julia A. Church, a native of Eastport.
Me., aged Sfl years 4 months and 2S days.
E~rFrienils nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the residenc of
Mrs. Clara C. Plmcson. corner Prince and
Ellis streets, Lorin. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
DAIGNBAU— In this city, June 14. 1899, Jose-
phine May Daigneau, daughter of George H.
and Mamie Dairneau and sister of Georgij
Daigr.eau, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 7 months and 17 day*.
DAVIS— In San Pablo. Contra Costa County,
June 14. 1899, John, beloved husband of An-
nie Davis, a California pioneer, a native of
Austria, agfd 74 years and 9 months.
(CTTrlends and arqualntances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dny
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence "in San Pablo, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Berkeley, where a requiem mast
will be celebrated for the repose of his boh I,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DRYER— In this city, June H. 1899. Charles
Frederick, beloved husband of the late Annie
Mnrle Dryer and father of Charles and John
Dryer, a native of Germany, aged 64 years
8 months and 22 days.
(ETFrienris and acquaintances are -espect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. " ISI3 Stockton street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
FLOOD— In this city. June 13. 1899. Rev. James
Flood, pastor of Tacred Heart Church, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 4S years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this dny
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from Sacred Honrt
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated fnr the repose of his soul.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
IGNACIAN Coun.il No. 35. Y. M. I.— Mem-
bers are required to assemble this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, at Sacred Heart Hall
to attend the funeral of our late brother.
Rev. James Flood.
CHARLES B. FENN. President.
CHARLES L. EBNER. Secretary.
LEO Assembly No. 4, Y. M. C. C— Member*
are hereby "notified to assemble in Loyola
Hall this day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, to
attend the funeral of our late chaplain. Rev.
James Flood.
U C. BILLTNGTON. President.
J. J. SHEAHAN, Secretary.
HERMANN— In this city. June 14, 1899. Mary
A., wife of the late Lueien Hermann anl
mother of Mrs. William Burling, a native of
New Orleans.
C^TFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tends the funeral this day (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock, from St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner of Bush and Stelner streets, where a
requiem mass will be held for the repose of
her soul. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
KNIGHT— In this city. June IS, 1599, William
G. Knight, a native of California, aged 41
years.
LAPHAM— In Berkeley. June In, 1599. John P.
Lapham, a native of New Bedford, Mass.,
age«l 73 years.
LITTLE— In this city. June 14. 1899. Robert,
beloved husband of Isabella Little and father
of Robert and Martha Little. Mrs. William
Bell, George and David Little and the lat^
Bella and William Little, a native of Eng-
land, aged r,7 years. (Boston, Mass., papers
please copy.)
[TTFripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, si 6 Vallejo street. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
LUCAS— In this city, June 14, 1899, Mary M.,
beloved wife of the late John Lucas and
mother of John W., Lottie E., Walter E.
and Kate L. Lucas, a native of Brooklyn.
N. V.. aged "0 years.
[C7"Friendst and acquaintances and ladles
of the Golden Gate Commandery are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 131 Twelfth street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by carriage. Please
omit flowers'.
M'CARTHY-In this city, June 14, 1599, Wil-
liam McCarthy, a native of Ireland, aged
CS years.
MORRIS— In this city, June IS, 1599. Honorah,
beloved wife of Julius Morris, a native of
Ireland, aged 69 years and 1 month.
(CTThe funeral will take rlace to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the Fair-
mount Hotel. Polk and Market streets,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I MYERS— In Berlin, Germany, June IS, 1899,
Edith, beloved daughter of Mrs. H. Myers
of Portland, Ore., a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 23 years.
PARRY— In this c!tv. June IS, UM, Frank F.,
dearly beloved husband of Mrs. May Parry,
son of Mr. and Mrs. I. Parry and brother
of Mrs. J. McCarthy. Mrs. William Lyont
and Miss Mamie Parry, a native of Valley
Ford, Sonoma County, Cal., aged 23 year*
1 month and 20 days.
RYAN— In this city. June 14, 1899. Theodore
V.. beloved son of the late Daniel and Mary
Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged 27
years and h months.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. B. McAvoy, 1255 Market street, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commenting at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHEEHAN— In Oakland, June In. 1R99. Daniel
J., beloved son of Bridget and the late Dan-
iel Sheehan and father of John, Jerry and
Annie Sheehan and Mrs. Connie Newel, a
native of San Francisco, aged 27 years 9
months and 10 days.
[[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his mother on Union street. b«twe«n
Green and Bay, thpnce to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary'«
Cemetery. Oakland.
UPWARD— In Alameda. June 14. IW, Sidney
OUard. beloved s<->n of Walter and Josephine
Upward and brother of Charles Henry Up-
ward, a native of California, aged 4 years
4 months and 20 di  s. (Sacramento papers
I please copy.)
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
l fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence.
j l.'"S St. Charles Ftre.t, between Santa Clara
and Railroad avenues Interment private.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
ImcMvo-v ««t co.. j
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market st.. between Bth and 9th. *
Telephone. South 247. |
1112
CITY WINS, BUT BY
ONLY TWENTY FEET
Railroad Scheme
Stopped Just
in Time.
Corkscrew Franchise Is
Recommended With
Modifications.
THR Street Committee has finished
with the franchises; the north end
ers will grot what they want and
the railroad has been given all it will
bo given. The people are satisfied, the
hoard is satisfied and the railroad la as
satisfied as it ever is when It asks more
than it hopes to get and Rets just a lit
t!e mo\re than it deserves. Yesterday's
FPFSion of the committee settled the mat
ter; the corkscrew franchise was recom
mended for favorable action by the board
and the railroad will be allowed to ope
rate the line with an overhead electric
system. It was Intended to compel the
company to use the cable channels for an
underground system wherever, the fran
chise, r;tn along with an old cable road,
but the representative of the company
proclaimed that if the board should pass
an "underground franchise" it might a?
■well keep It, which had its weight with
the committee.
The Railroad avenue franchise was also
right ( way out into
untry with no terminus and with no
■ to ride. Ii caused some surprise
.he railroad should wish to have
wandered were
. inted with the railroad's method
' gs. It was not a question
■'taxes t hat led!
farkei n out Into the
a. The frai ked for was
a ripht of way .nit to :;:•■ county line. It
. •n si but had it been
: have run into
. g in two coun
he road v. ■■ asst ssable by
part ■ be Market
tem it would iainc the whole
.■ der that corporation Into
and the Market
Street B i 'ompanj could thin be
••! only by : 3 Boai
in. It was a •:> at i'!* j ;L and it
cry .v nr being successfully carried
through.
■ bruary of this year, how-
Call learned that the railroad
5 working on a scheme to get
- beyond the control
ncisco. If they
franchise running 1 into B ■■
■ ' ll v. is pointed out that this
them ;he right to re
: road i ad take
nt all of their fran
property.
mini • • ■ iple of this
is printed In Th>> Call of
ited a great deal
• the railroad
.tside fran.
. thei ■ ' ■ - •
so quiet ;i-; to almost be for-
The corkscrew franchise as recommended by the Street Committee. The
blackened streets show the only really new portions.
gotten. Whfn the matter came before
the committee, however, the warning: of
The Call was brought hack to the mmd.-o
-f th- ::;• iii) •' rs and they were ready to
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE CENTER OF AT-
TRACTION
Every man 1r who looks neat and Ir-
reproachable in beautifully laundered
linen. Every one admires the man
v hose linen is always faultless in its
In ish and color, and who has It laun-
dered at the United States Laundry.
We make your iinen Inok like gentle-
men's linen. White, clear, spotless and
with n finish that Is perfection itself.
"Xo saw-edges."
The United Statos Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Land Scrip
And
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
For the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsui'vcycd.
F. A. HYDE,
■415 Montgomery St., Sao Francisco.
Where the Railroad=avenne
Franchise Stops Just In=
side the County Line.
so fix it that there could be no escape
from just, local assessments." The fran
chise for a road which is to carry neither
passengers nor freight was granted but
the committee stopped it twenty feet in-
Bide the county line, and by bo doing al
lows the Assessor to retain jurisdiction
over it.
The corkscrew franchise was the sub
ject of much discussion, but it was con
fined to details and not to principles. The
committee would hear nothing of a ri^ht
of way on Geary street, and as passed
the. franchise leaves that thoroughfare
severely alone. It satisfies the property-
owners in the north end of town, how- i
tver. and the railroad also appears to be
willing to call it a bargain.
The corkscrew franchise is not a new
one, however, except in two places — on
Taylor street, between Post and Geary,
and on Sansome street from Jackson to
the bay. The Taylor street portion from
Market to (ieary was granted anew, be
cause the committee believed it had been :
forfeited by long disu.se, and it was be- '
Ueved that if it was considered the com
pany had a right to it. a precedent for,
the grabbing of other unused franchises
might be established. The line starts ',
at Brannan and Sixth streets and runs
along Sixth to Market. There is now be
ing operated a horsecar line over that .
right of way. Then it crosses Market
Btreet and taking up the line of the un- I
used franchise on Taylor street goes as j
far as Geary, where the old road turned ■
east and went down Geary over the cable '
track. Just there comes in one of the '
new pieces recommended — permission for |
a double track on Taylor street from
Geary, one block north to Post. At Poat
street the line will join the tracks already
there and being used by the Post-street
cable cars, and on these It will run down
•') Montgomery, where it will join the
horsecar tracks and run north on them ,
to Washington. It will go down Wash
ington street to Sansome, and then over
to Jackson, and there reach t he end of'
the present franchise. It is recommended
I;;.' the committee- that permission be j
granted for the. use of Saiisoiiiu street
from Jackson to the bay, the line to run
out and back on Sansom* street and then
on the return to run Up Jackson street to j
Montgomery and Join the double track on ■
Montgomery again at Washington.
As will be seen, the line as recommend- !
ed by the committee is but a joining of
franchises already allowed, and the only
privilege granted other than those men
tioned is the permission to use the over
head electric system on what is left of
the present Post-street system.
Referring to the franchises after the :
meeting of the committee the Mayor said: -
"The principal point of dispute was be
tween the overhead and the underground
'-. tri<- systems. J am in favor of under
ground electricity, and I mink the com
pany can W--11 afford on such streets as
Post, Montgomery and Sansome to lay
their wires underground. The privilege
recommended by ihe Street Committee I
gives the company the option, and the j
citizens should prevail upon the company i
to give Saji Francisco tnis service.
•These franchises might be called
piecemeal franchises and their life will j
be the same as tlmsi with which they j
connect. Thus, When they expire at t he i
same time, the city will have a valuable !
franchise either to own or' to sell.
"The other and objectionable franchises
wiil not be taken up. 1 believe the char- I
ter provisions will be substantially ex- '
acted, except the reversion of the rail '
and roadbed to the city, for which the
company will not staxid unless required
as told after January 1."
The Mayor was late in coming to the
meeting, and the committee occupied it
self considering graces, sewers and other
improvements. When his Honor entered
the matter of franchises wa« taken up i
and a lengthy discussion followed. Su
pervisor Aigeltinger, chairman of the
Street Committee, presided, and seated
around the table were Supervisors Hol
land, Collins and Attridge, members of
the committee. Supervisors Lackmann,
Heyer, Byington and Deasy were Inter
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 16, 1809.
ested listeners. Henry H. Lynch, super
intendent of construction of the Market
Street Railway Company; H. H. Taylor,
agent for D. O. Mills, and Edgar Painter
were also present as representatives of
the property-owners in the northern part
of the city.
Clerk Russell read the following reso
lution, and after some amendments had
been added to it it was recommended for
favorable action:
Resolved, That permission 'is hereby granted
to the Market Street Railway Company to
operate by means of electricity, either over
head or underground, using modern improve
ments and appliances in the Judgment of the •
Board of Suijtervisors, or by such other means
as may be sanctioned by law all those certain
street railroads within the city and county of
San Francisco, for which said company Is now
the holder, by assignment from or succession
to the grantees either In name, of franchises
heretofore granted by the Board of Supervisors
of said city and county, upon the following
named streets and parts of streets, under the
expressed condition that ornamental iron poles
shall be erected on the outer edge of the side
walk within the curb lines, to wit:
■ Sixth street from Brannan street to Market
street, thence across Market street to Taylor
street, thence along Taylor street to Post street.
subject to a franchise being: granted across
Market street from Sixth street to Taylor street,
thence along Taylor to Post street; Montgomery
street from Market to Jackson street; Sansome
street from Jackson to Market street; Jackson
street from Montgomery to Sansome street;
Washington street from Montgomery to San
some street: Post street from Market ,to
Leaven worth street; Leavenworth street from
Post street, across McAllister street to City
Hall avenue; City Hall avenue from McAllister
street across Larkln street to Grove street;
Grove street from Larkin to Polk street; Polk
street from Grove street to Market street and I
across Market street to Tenth street: Tenth i
street from Market street to Bryant street.
During: the discussion between the
Mayor and Superintendent Lynch' on the
advisability of using underground elec
tricity, the latter emphatically informed
Mr. Phelan that if the board insisted
upon the discontinuance of overhead
wires the company he represented would
refuse to accept the franchise. Mr. Lynch
gave as his reason that an underground |
system would be too expensive.
Then followed a discussion on what I
kind of rail should be used In the down
town districts. The Mayor favored the
flat rail, but Mr. Lynch gave many rea
sons why it was Impracticable. This was
followed by an informal discussion on
who were entitled to ride free on the cars,
and it was learned that Uncle Sam pays
each year to the railroad company a fixed
sum, so that letter carriers may ride free
upon the cars while in the discharge of
their duty. As firemen and policemen are ;
allowed to ride without paying, the Mayor
thought members of the Health Depart
ment should also be allowed free rides, as
they were like policemen. The commit
tee did not deem the suggestion advisa
ble, as other city officials might feel ;
slighted if they were missed.
It was recommended that the following '
franchises be offered for sale by the
board, and that the clerk be ordered to
advertise for ten days for bids: .
Commencing at the Intersection of Jackson
and Sanoome streets and connecting with ex
isting tracks of th» Market Street Railway j
Company on Sansome street, thence northerly .
along Sansome street to the northerly termina- j
tion thereof.
Commencing nt th« intersection of Railroad
avenue and the northeasterly line of Sixteenth
avenue south, and connecting with existing
tracks of the Market Street Railway Company !
on Railroad avenue, thence southerly along |
Railroad avenue to San Bruno ave'nu<\ '
thence along San Bruno avenue and Mllllken
street, thence along Milllken street to a point
twenty feet distant from the county line.
Commencing nt the Intersection of Sixth and
Market streets and connecting with the line of
railroad of the Market Street Railway Company !
on Sixth street, thence across Market street !
to Taylor, thence along Taylor street to Its
Intersection with Post street, there connecting i
with the line of railroad of the Market Street
Railway Company on Post street.
These three new franchises include the
attempt on the county line, the single
block on Taylor street with the renewal i
of the old franchise, and the new right of
way on Sansome street. All of these were I
granted only for the period which is yet. I
to run on those franchises with which
they connect. In this way the eo'ire
franchise will expire in each case at the
same time, and the city will then have a
continuous and valuable right of way to
hold or to sell.
It is not expected that the recommenda- '
tions of the committee will be altered be- j
fore the board, and as a consequence the
franchise matters will soon be settled.
TOWNSEND IS DEFEATED.
His Wife Granted a Divorce on Her
Ctoss Complaint.
Wlllin.m B. Townsend, thP randy mjvn.
who a few wfeks ajro filpd pnit against
his -wifp. Olivia K. Townsend, for a di
vnrrp im thr> ground of rruplty, has rrW
defeat. Judge Hebbard took up th>»
Townsend matrimonial troubles yesterday
and at the encl of the hearing granted
Mrs. Townsend a divorce from her hus
band on her rross-complaint, which also
charged cruelty.
Mrs. Townsend took the stand when the.
ease was called and said that frequently
her husband indulged in extremely vul
gar and profane language, and in conse
quence she was forced to send her chil
dren out of the room that they might not
hear his oaths. The testimony was cor
roborated and the case of the defendant
rested. Mr. Townsend did no', respond
when his name was called, and ,ji conse- i
quence a decree was granted Mrs. Town
send. It is said that the property rights
of the litigants have been nmicahlv set- j
tied, and in consequence the litigation is
at an end.
Decrees of divorce have also, been
granted John B. Garland fr<.rn Josephine !
Garland on the ground of desertion, .mi
Margaret Murray from AVllliam F. Mur
ray on the ground of extreme cruelty.
Suits for divorce hn.ve been filed by Nellie
Heise against Charles E. Heise for cru
elty, Amelia Smith against Frank Smith
for desertion and Joseph M. L,og:m
ngrainst Catherine M. Logan on statutory
grounds.
JUDGE GRAHAM ATTACKED.
He Is Unjustly Accused of Favoring
the Southern Pacific in a Dis
turbance of the Peace Case.
The arrest of Henry Harris, a drummer,
at the ferry last Friday for refusing to
pay the merchandise charge for a pack
age he was carrying and thereby dis
turbing the peace led to considerable talk
in Judge Graham's court yesterday. At
torney Davis appeared and apologized to
the Judge for erroneous statements made
In a morning paper as to the Judge's
actions, which appeared to have been in
stigated by him.
The facts were that when the case was
called la-st Saturday the defendnnt waived
a jury, and when It was called Wednes
day he demanded a jury and the Judge
so ordered, fixing the trial for August 18,
aa he was shortly to leave on his vaca
tlon. He also ordered the defendant re^
leased on his own recognizance.
The charge against Harris Is disturb
ing the peace, but incidentally he is want
ing the public to know that in his opinion
the Southern Pacific has no right to
charge a merchandise rate for a package.
The company says that there is never
any charge for bundles, but when a
Benger carries a package of pure mer
chandise the charge will be enforced.
The members of Ignatian Council No.
35, Y. M. L, are requested to assemble
in the Sacred Heart Hall, on Fell street,
near Flllmore, to-morrow, Friday, at 11
o'clock, to attend the funeral of Rev
Father Flood.
New Investment Company.
Articles of incorporation of the Deb^n
ture Investment Company of San Fran
cisco, Cal.. were filed yesterday. The
capita] stock is $10u,ih»0, all of which has
)>een subscribed. The directors aro
Thomas 1. Janes. G, W. Owen, S. C Wai.
Its, W. B. Holland. J. M. Gleaves E i 1
Hughes. I. J. Truman Jr., C. J. King t"
J. Truman and M. E. Van Meter.
The bookbinder and every trade
Whose goods of leather are made.
We kindly Invite you all to come.
See "Pegamoid," Chronicle building, No. 11.
ESTIMATED EXPENSE
OF AN EXTRA SESSION
Picnic for a Hungry Horde of
Legislators Would Cost a Vast Sum.
An Attache of the Senate Figures the Amount of Money
That Burns Would Have to Spend on a Cash
Basis to Make Sure of Election.
1 There Is po much gossip concerning an J
extra session and there are so many in- •
dications that Governor Gage will yield !
to the pressure of Dan Burns, Herrin and
the followers of the Mexican and call
the members of the Legislature together
that The Call makes an estimate of the
expense to the taxpayers of a' special ses
sion.
It may be reckoned as a certainty that ,
the length of the session will not be less ;
than thirty days. Events may occur j
which would prolong the session to ninety :
days. The expense on a thirty days' ba- |
sis may be figured as follows:
Per diem and mileage of Senators $12,000 ■
Per diem and mileage of Assemblymen.. 27,000 i
Pay of officers and clerks of the Senate.. 9,000
Pay of officers and clerks of the Assem- '-tnntM
bly 11,000
Contingent expenses of the Senate 15,000
Contingent expenses of the Assembly.... 20.001
For stationery. light and other supplies.. 10,000
For State Printing Office 25,000
Total ' $129,
Should the length of the session be ex- j
tended to sixty days the expense would
be nearly doubled, in fact doubled in ev
ery particular save that of mileage. It
may be figured, therefore, that a sixty ;
days' session would cost $250,000, and a
ninety days' session $379,000.
The legislature, once convened in extra
session, can adjourn at its sweet will. The '
constitution limits the pay of the regu- j
lar biennial session to a period of sixty
days. If the members remain after the
expiration of sixty days they do not draw
pay from the State. They can appropri- j
MUST FIGHT FOR THE
CYCLING RELAY TROPHY
OLYMPIC TEAM ALLOWED TIME
FOR ITS DEFENSE.
Associated Clubs Make a Stand
Against Alleged Pacing in Its
Big Road Events for
the First Time.
Til** board of governors of the Califor
nia Associated Cycling Clubs devoted an
other fruitless Bession Wednesday night
to the consideration of the protest of the
Acme Club Wheelmen of Oakland against
the winning team in the recent relay
rare.
It developed at the meeting' that
the delegates have finally determined
to enforce the relay racing rules. In the
past every race was productive of a pro
test, but when a hearing was granted the
trophy was Invariably, given the club
which finished first, irrespective of pro
tests.
The team representing the Olympic Club
Wheelmen is on the rack this year, and
the charges are being pressed vigorously.
In the race the Olympic and. Garden City
couriers were never separated by more
then raid the fund on one pretext or an-
POLICEMEN PUT IN
A DAY KILLING CATS
SERGEANT CAMPBELL and five
of the finest from the Seven
teenth street police station went
r;it hunting yesterday. The re
sult nf their marksmanship Is
buried under three feet, of earth
on a sunny slope In the Mission. Four
lowly mounds in a row have been
raised to mark the last resting places
of four felines, one Thomas and three
Tabby cats that only a few short hours
ago were careless caterwaulers. At
the head of the largest mound a plain
redwood board has been placed. Upon
it has been cut the following inscrip
tion:
SACRED
To the Memory of
THOMAS SCAT.
Cruelly Murdered by
POLICEMAN CRACKBON,
June 15. 1899.
REQUIES CAT.
Thp victims of the cruel Campbell
and his .sanguinary squad, oats though
they were, met dogs' deaths. They
were shot down in cold blood, without
a moment's warning. They were lured
j ate money for the contingent fund and
otlifr. This scheme can be worked In an
i extra as well as in a regular session.
When an extra session convenes the
members and attaches begin to draw
pay from the treasury, and they continue
on the payroll until the body adjourns.
! The Legislature can only act on Buch BUb-
I jects as the proclamation specifies, but
I every topic under the shining sun can be
1 discussed.
The Governor cannot prorogue or dis
i band the legislature, but he may advise
j the members to finish the business and
I adjourn. The members, on the other
j hand, can advise the Governor to keep
; tool, which is good advice in the sum
mertime at Sacramento. Apart from the
subject of the Senatorship an extra ses
sion would be a great and glorious picnic
I for the Cospers, the Simpsons, the
' Wrights, the Dibbles, the Jilsons, the
Kenneallya and the Johnson?.
The Call is informed that an estimate
has been made of the amount of money
that Burns would lie required to expend
in order to secure his election. The sum
is placed at $280,000. This estimate was
i prepared by a well-known attache of the
| Senate. Tt is assumed that gold bricks
will be eliminated entirely from the cal
culation, and that the contest will be
: conducted on a straight cash basis. The
question that now perplexes the backers
lof th<-- Mexican is, "Can we raise this
amount of money?"
In order to get an extra whack at the
; treasury the hungry members arc predlct
-1 ing. in view of the retirement of U. B.
i Grant and General Barnes, that Burns
! can be elpcfpfl without spending any
1 money to speak of.
The hungry horde is clamoring for an
j extra session.
than a fifth of a second. The claim of
tli> Olympians is that their representa
tives were never paced hut hung on to
the riders from San .fose. The Acmes pre
sented letters and affidavits in support of
their protest from K. N. Craig, P. Etambo,
W. H. R,id. Walter Thompson and Harry
M. Kennedy.
The association declined to dismiss the
pretest, but allowed the Olympics time in
which to present evidence in their own
behalf. Those voting against dismissing
tii-- protest wort-: Acme <"lub Wheelmen,
Bay city Wheelmen, Bncinal Cyclers,
Eagle «'ycliriK Club (Napa) and Reliance
Club. The Olympics bad the support of
the ("tarden City "Wheelmen and S. ('.
Scovern and J. J. B. Argent! of the un
attached wheelmen in their request that
the protest be dismissed.
Inventor Edison explains how he
hit upon the idea of the electric light
in next Sunday's Call.
Turned the Tables on Him.
W. H. Nicks, a six-footer, was; arrested
yesterday by Policeman Beach and hook
: ed at the City Prison on a charge of grand
| larceny. Ho is accused of breaking into
! the trunk of Mrs. Nettie Taylor. 740 How
ard street, and stealing a lot of clothing
I belonging to her husband, a soldier in
I Manila, valued at $80. Nicks lived in the
j house with Myrtle Mitchell and Wednes
i day he reported to the police that she
had left him and stolen a I"t of articles.
When Myrtle heard of it she told Mrs.
to the shambles and slaughtered un
der false pretenses. .They went with
out benefit of clergy, their only re
quiem being the "zip" of the bullets
that carried death. Their lifeless bod
ies were dragged crosslots to paupers'
graves— to the catacombs, as It were,
of Caselli avenue.
The four unfortunate felines wore
vagrants. They had never had the
opportunity of trying the American
plan of living. From kittenhood their
existence had been a sort of hop. skip
and a Jump struggle for the veriest
scraps of victual. They took tholr
meals as they could on the European
plan and slept on the dumps with one
eye open.
For one brief period before their
wretched existences were closed the
Tommy and the three Tabbies had a
peep at the lard of plenty. This was
given several days ago, when the au
thorities at the Maclean Hospital
chloroformed the cats of that quar
antined establishment through the
fear that they might carry infection
to the neighborhood and precipi
tate an epidemic of smallpox on the
city.
As a consequence of this taking off
there was an overplus of juicy scraps
from the hospital tables, which were
placed in receptacles in the back yard.
The keen scent of the vagrant cats
soon smelled out these dainties, and
the result was that the whole band of
masterless felines invaded the yard
in pursuit of the leavings. They were
the heirs of the chloroformed cats,
and like all heirs they quarreled over
the funeral meats.
Their quarreling was their undoing.
It focused the attention of the hospital
management to their presence. The
Bale's.
An advertisement is only a story
told the public by a merchant about
his business. It is told by himself
about himself, without any one to hold
him back or check his exaggeration.
*
And you must read these announce-
ments with this thought in mind.
They are to be accepted in whole or in
part or rejected entirely, according to
the reputation of the merchant in the
community and your experience with
him.
Flat-top Trunks— A good, heavy trunk strong enough to
stand the assault of a baggage smasher: covered with
heavy, water-proof duck; linen lined; 7-inch movable tray;
one extra drum tray for dresses: very heavy hinges, brass
lock and strongly bound; one of the best trunks for general
wear and all-around handiness that we have ever seen at
the price.
32 inch 34 inch. 36 inch. 40 inch.
$11 50 $12 00 $3 BO $14 SO
Telescope Basket— A good, heavy, durable, 20-inch Telescope
Basket, with a strap, that will wear through many a hard
vacation ramble, all for • 85 c
Crown Perfumery Toilet Soap, made in London; worth 25 c a
cake; now. • • I** a cake
8-ounce bottle of Vaseline 8c
6-ounce bottle of Bay Rum . 2Oe
Taleome Toilet' and Baby Powder; very cooling^ in hot
weather; harmless ."><• a box
Huck Towels— A good, heavy fringed Huck Towel, 17x35
inches fine weave, colored borders; a good absorbent
_ ; ## 8 1 -He each
Japanese Crepe, 29 inches wide, pretty striped patterns in
light summer colors, just the thing for outing shirts and
dresses; ready to-morrow ?)c per yard
White Curtain Swiss— Dainty little fabric for bedroom cur-
tains, etc., pretty dots and figures, good quality, 36 inches
wide *©« P er yard
Sample Comforters— A big lot of Comforters, sent to us as
samples one of a kind, silkoline covered wool; knotted.
....... $1 25 to $\\ 00 each
335-3*/ W^m^^ms San francixco lx
Street. &* -^^on^r^^j^^ order house.
Taylor that Nicks had broken into her
trunk.
result was that the police were notified
that the same danger of infection for
which the Maclean cats wore asphyx
iated would exist if the feline waifs
were not driven away. The police re
solved to kill them off and make sure
that they would communicate no germs
by their wanderings.
Early yesterday morning Patrolman
J. Crackbon. William Doran, J. J.
Nyhan. J. Porter and T. M. Waller
were picked out as executioners. Ser
geant Campbell, like the masterful
general he is, ordered them Into ;>luln
clothes, so that they could steal up
unnoticed and plug any old cat that
ventured over the deadline. The men
were stationed at various vantage
points, and assuming the most ai-
proved Creedmoor attitudes thny iev
eled their howitzers and awaited de
velopments.
The details of the catastrophe were
too much even for a policeman. The
tally shows that Crackbon got away
with the honors, potting the three
Tabbies and nailing the Tom on the
wing just as he was preparing to swal
low the remnants of a rib steak. The
other policemen got nothing. Just as
the sun went down Officers Waller and
Nyhan threw the last spadeful of dirt
over the remains of the fourth feline,
Doran whistling "The Cat Came Back"
as a dead march, while Officer Porter,
who is no relative of the man in the
song, cut the inscription for Thomas
Scat. Then Sergeant Campbell and
his men were disinfected and made
their way to the station in an atmos
phere of germ killer.
More felines will be slaughtered to
day if they and the opportunities pre
sent themselves in the vicinity of the
hospital.
Hales.
SONG RECITAL BY
DAISY MAE CRESSY
AN INTERESTING AND VARIED
MUSICAL PROGRAMME.
The Talented Vocalist Is Assisted by
Armand Solomon, Violinist, and
Miss Thercse Brooks,
Pianiste.
The song recital given last night by
Miss Daisy Mac Creasy at Sherman, Clay
& Co. Music Hall drew a large attend
ance and was an emphatic success.
Miss Creasy has just returned from a
three years' course in vocal studies in
Eastern institutions, and her voice
showed vast improvement. She is ambi
tious to appear on the operatic stage and
she seems to be well fitted both in stage
presence and vocal ability to carry out
her desires. She has resumed her posi
tion as contralto of the First Presbyterian
i Church, replacing Mrs. Olive Reed Cush
] man, who has gone to New York to lo-
I cate permanently.
Miss Creasy presented some delightful
j old French songs, besides several other
j numbers, and her rendition of the "Grand
I Aria" from Meyerbeer's "Le Profeta" ex
hibited her voice Jin its full beauty. She
j sings with great ease and self-control,
j and is especially notable in the tender
| passages.'. She quite won her audi-
I tors by her singing of a "Lullai>> " dedi
j cated to her by George Corwin Stout, and
intended to bring out her lower notes,
which are round and full.
Miss Creasy was ably assisted by Ar
man Solomon, violinist, and Miss The
i rese Brooks, pianist.
The programme in detail was as fol
j lows:
"Le Fariate d 1 Amour" ("Faust"), Gounod.
Miss Mac Creasy.
Concerto in D minor for violin. • \ ieux
temps, introduction and cadenza, adasto re
! ligloso, allegro mazfale, Armand Solomon.
Old French songs (eighteenth century): a.
j "Ilelas c'st pre? de vous," Faer: b. Rscouto
a"Jeannetto," Dalayrac; c, "Romance, Mar-
A," "Little Boy Blue," d' Hardelot: b, "Lul
laby" (manuscript),, dedicated to Miss Ma«
Cressy, George Corwin Stout; c. The Bee a
Courtship," d' Hardelot: d. old English ballad.
Miss Mac Cressy.
A. "Playera," Sarasate: b. Abendlled.
Schumann-Wllhelmj; c, ••Sielanka, W ieniaw
ski; d, ••Obertass," Wieniawoltl, Armand Sol-
Ol G°rand Aria ("!>« Pfofeta"), Meyerbeer,
Miss Mac Cressy ■_ # __^.^,
BUNKOED BY AN ASTROLOGER
Caroline Homer Secures a Warrant
for the Arrest of C. G. Jackson.
Caroline Homer, 317 Hyde street, swore
to a complaint in Judge Treadwell's court
yesterday for the arrest of C. G. Jackson,
"an astrologer, who is in the habit of
lecturing on the corner of O'Farrell and
Larkin streets, on the charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses.
She' alleges that on October 12 last year
Jackson obtained $*00 from her by repre
senting that he owned a one-tenth inter
est In the Urick voting machine, which
had been. patented and adopted. The SSOO
was for a third of his one-tenth interest
and he said that a Mrs. Pierce. 3 White's
place, was to purchase another one-third.
She was to be repaid the money in four
months with dividends and interest. She
has discovered that Jackson'« representa
tions were false, and' as she cannot get
the money from him she wants him ar
rested. >
■ » »
Firemen Are Fined.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday im
j posed the following fines: Charles Durn
ing, hqseman Engine 10. fifteen days' pay
for riding on his badge on a street car
while no alarm of fir<> was rung; Thomas
Mcllroy, engineer of Engine IV fifteen
days' p"ay for neglect of duty, and he was
also reprimanded by the president; Frank
Kruse of Truck :'. five days pay for ne
glect of duty.
Alaska Mails.
The steamer St. Paul will leave for
Dawson City. Alaska, next Tuesday yUm
mail matter of all classes not exceeding
five tons in weight for St. Michael and all
Yukon River points. A postal clerk will
be on board and will make tne rouni
trip.