VOLUME LXXXVI— NO. 8.
MURDER MYSTERY IN MARIN
HILLS
PETER LORRAINE VAN
ISHED FROM EARTH.
DIER, THE ACCUSED MAN, }
PROTESTS THAT HE {
IS INNOCENT. :
Cabin in the Marin Hills, Showing the Miss
ing Man Standing in the Door and Dier,
His Partner, on Ground Outside.
SAN RAFAEL, June 7.— The strange
disap] "f Peter Lorraine
is still an unsolved mystery, and
the authorities of Marin County
are Inured to the belief that an-
other foul prime lies hidden in the
tangled depths of Carson Canyon, the
"black hole of Marin." James Dier,
the missing man's ••;il>in mate, who was
I m tne Ctounty Jail here yester
-51 i ; rr faylor "n suspicion of
having murdered Lorraine, vehemently
lims his Innocence, but as he has
iy told several < ontradictory
ling his knowledge of
"French Pete's" .lisapp<? ; iiHnce, Sheriff
Taylor is now Btrongly convinced that
Dler kii"\\s more than he dares to tell.
All day residents from the
little towns in the vicinity of Enos'
lumher camp, where Lorraine and his
suspected murderer were employed,
flocked int.. the gloomy canyon and
Bcarched the thick umkTbrush in the
\,<in hope of finding the missing wood
chopper*s '
The doubt as to whether it was Mon
day, May 1, '■;■ the day following that
Lorraine was last seen alive was dis
pelled to-day by Savine Johnson and
Joe McCarthy, two woodchoppers who
worked for John Bnos cutting timber
on the Maillard tract Both McCarthy
and Johnson are convinced that Lor
raine disappeared on Tuesday, May 2,
as the evening before they saw him rid
ing "n the timber dray with John Bnos,
the eighteen-year-old son of the over
of the camp. The incidents of tho
ride are still firmly impressed on young
Enos' memory, and when the two
: choppers called hia attention to it
terday he vividly recalled the cir
cumstances connected with the ride and
stated that h-- was fully satisfied that
it was the last time anybody in the
ramp — save perhaps Buspeci T >i( r — had
Lorraine alive, foung Enos had
b< en far up Into the head of the gloomy
canyon that day. and on his return
home in the evening he met Lorraine
walking along the road toward hi
cabin, which is situated about a mile
above the main camp. The man
. d unusually happy and he chatted
with Enos about a place he had dis
covered where the timber was of an
exceptionally fine quality. When they
arrived abreast of the woodchopper's
..bin Lorraine grot off the wagon
and invited Knos inside to have a
smoke and a drink of wine. The young
man readily accepted his fellow work
man's invitation and together they
-went into the cabin. James Dier, who
i] led the adjoining room of the
cabin, had not returned from his day's
labor and the pair sat talking over
their
Thi- v Ichopper had been to Enr*'
csjbin the Sunday previous to purchase
some flour, and while they were seated
there Lorraine t<>l<l the young man that
he Intended to bake his weekly supply
of bread thru evening. When En«>s
left Dler was commencing to busy him
self preparing his Bupper. That "was
perhaps the l;^st time Lorraine was
seen alive to tin tx Bi of young Enos'
knowledge, and ))•• is absolutely certain
that nobody else in the camp save his
murderer — if h<- was murdered— caw the
missing woodchopper after he did on
that eveninK. i
When Slvr.fr Taylor opened Lor
raine's cabin yesterday before he placed
Dier under arresi he found evidence in
the shap-- of several loaves of baked
bread, which bears out young Bnos*
story.
There is not a sln>;i,- man in the
Mh()le lumber camp who entertains any
theory other than the one that "French
Pete" was foully murdered by a cow
ardly assassin. The excitement over
th<- startling developments of yester
day is quite Intense. The several bloody
murders that have <><•< nrred in Carson
Canyon and gone unpunished have ag
gravated the residents of the county to
th" extreme, and it is the avowed in
tention of Sheriff Taylor and the sub
The San Francisco Call.
<
ordinate authorities to sift Lorraine's,,
disappearance to the bottom.
The many suspicious circumstances,
connected with French Pete's disap
pearance make it highly improbable,
so Sheriff Taylor says, that the wood
chopper has absented himself volun
tarily. In the first place it is argued'
that he would not have bought the 4
Sour to make his bread had he decided'
to leave the camp, and in thr- second*
I place he was without funds, and there-«
fore could not have secured transpcrta-4
; tion on the railroad. Then again. Lor- •
raine had a pet cat at his cabin, and
' his fellow workmen say that he would
not have left camp without his pet
feline under any circumstances. The
cat still hovers' clone to his missing
. master's late abode. While The < "all re
porter and artist were standing at the
door of the cabin to-day the cat scram
bled down from the side of the canyon,
plaintively meowing at every step. His
gaunt sides and lean limbs and general
ly emaciated appearance showed thai
Lorraine's pet had not been fed since
I his master disappeared. The missing
man's clothing and personal effects
were found in the cabin, indicating that
their owner had no Intention of leav
ing. The most Important find, which
j bears out the theory that Lorraine has
been foully dealt with, was his tobacco
pouch, filled with tobacco. Had he pre
meditated departure from the camp he
would have surely taken this with him.
I as Lorraine was an inveterate smoker
land tobacco Is a Bcarce commodity in
the depths of Marin County's "Black
Hole."
The detectives whom Thief Lees
promised to send to the assistance "i
Sheriff Taylor did not arrive this morn
ing as expected, so th>- proposed trip to
the camp was postponed until to-mor
row. Sheriff Taylor went over t,, the
city early in the afternoon to consult
with Chief Lees. The Sheriff is some
what of a detective himself and he in
tends to devote all of his time to fer
reting out the mystery.
"Everybody in the canyon believes
that Pete has been murdered," said
! Savin Johnson, one of the woodchop
'. pera who saw Lorraine on the wagon
! with young Enos. "His absence was
! not noted immediately, as re some
times do not see each other up in this
country for weeks at a time. One day
my partner and myself were talking
about Lorraine's disappearance, when
Dier jumped up and excitedly ex
j claimed, 'What are you worrying about
1 Pete for? It is not any of your busi-
Q< BS if a man goes away.' "
"I am sure that Pete has not been
murdered," said James Dier to a Call
reporter who visited him to-day at the
BA^ FRANCISCO, TIIX T KSDAY, JUNE 8, 1899.
HIS PARTNER JAILED
FOR KILLING HiM.
; jail. "If he has I had nothing to do
| with it. He had a quarrel with John
Enos, the boss of the camp, but I don t
think it was serious enough to lead to
bloodshed. I saw him last either Mon
day or Tuesday in the first week of
May. Pete was a sickly fellow, and I
think if you look in the hospitals you
will find him. Previous to my being
employed by Enos I worked for a man
I named Miles, who keeps a ranch near
; Suisun."
During the interview Dier shifted his
sharp blue eyes from side to side and
appeared very nervous. When asked
where he lived previous to his coming
to California Dier meditated a minute,
as if lust for an answer, and then he
replied, "I lived in Oregon."
When Sheriff Taylor reminded Dier
I that he did not appear to be telling the
truth the suspect blurted out defiantly,
"Well, 1 don't have to tell you, any
way."
Dier's knowledge in this respect led
the Sheriff to- believe that he had been
arrested before, as a man who lives in
the woods all his life rarely knows that
he is not compelled to make a state
ment before his prelimin: ■•- examina
tion. Sheriff Taylor asked Dier if he
had ever been arrested before, and he
took refuge in the reply, "No. not for
any crime."
Sheriff Taylor pressed the prisoner for
a more definite answer, and he jumped
up excitedly from the cot on which he
was seated and sought refuge in the
adjoining cell, thus ending the Inter
\ View.
Uncle Sam's Aid as a Beward.
Special Cable to The Call ami the New York
Herald. Copyrlebted, IS!'U, by James «ior
don Bennett.
RIO JANEIRO, June 7.— Para papers
Hive a full account of the alleged under
standing betw«en the United States Min
ister. Mr. Bryan, and Senor Paravicini.
the Bolivian Minister here, on the ques
tion pending between Brazil and Bolivia
regarding the ownership of territory on
' the river Acre Para. The papers say that
Mr. Bryan promised lo help the Bolivian
i Minister, the aid of the United Stat.;- be.
i Ing given as a reward for certain com
' menial advantages for American prod
-1 ucts.
BARBARITIES
PRACTICED
AT WARDNER
Editor Walker Alleges Great
Cruelties Under Military
Government
INQUEST ON A DUMMY
Soldiers Ordered to Slrot Down
Prisoners in the "Bull Pen' if
They Flee Prom Fire.
The Call.
Despiie the military censorship
something that has rather more
ihe semblance of truth than any
thing that has been sent out so
far, is beginning to come from
the Coeur d Alenes.
There are two sides to the
story of the mining troubles
there. It appears labor leaders
assert that the Miners' Union has
not been always and altogether to
blame. General Merriam, accord
ing to the labor side of the story,
has gone greatly beyono even what
military necessity would maicaie
in the suppression of riot A gen
eral order to shoot down men if
they should seek to escape death
by fire can hardly be justified by
anything that has occurred in
Idaho so far.
BOISE. Idaho, June 7.— W. J. Walker,
editor of the Freeman's labor journal
and an organizer fur Western labor,
tells a pretty tough story concerning
General Merriam and (lovernor Steuv.
enhorp;'? military rule in the Coeur
d'Alene country. Mr. Walker, being one
of the principal leaders in labor mat
ters in the Northwest, is kept posted
on the progress of affairs in the Coeur
d'Alenes. and he says he knows where
of he speaks in the assertions he
makes.
"The manner in which things are
jdone in the Coeur d'Alenes under the
pretended authority of martial law is
scandalous. It is worse. It is a dis
grace to the American Government,"
said Mr. AValker in an interview to
day.
"I will tell you a few things that have
been done under the orders of General
Merriam, which I am assured <m the
highest authority are absolutely true.
I am Informed that the inquest held on
the pretended remains of James Smith,
th" union miner who was said to have
been killed, was held on a coffin full
i if nicks. The military could not get
possession of the body, and knowing
no one would dare to raise a question
as to what was in the box, they filled
a coffin with rocks and proceeded to
hold an inquest on the assumption that
the proceedings would stand any way.
"During the inquest they went to the
wife of one of the miners in the 'bull
pen' and made her induce her husband
to give evidence. The woman was in a
delicate condition. They knew she
needed the attention of her husband,
and told her the only way she could
secure his release was for him to give
evidence for the Government. They
told her they intended to hang ;it least
fifty men under any circumstances, and
the only way she could save her hus
band was by making him tell what he
knew. The woman, thoroughly fright
ened, went to her husband, but he was
innocent of having done any wrong and
was not afraid of the threats. He re
fused to have anything to say and tried
to allay her fears, but did not succeed.
The strain was too much for the sick
woman. She went home, was taken
critically ill, and the chances, I am in
formed, are greatly against her recov
ery. This placed that man in just this
position: He was required to swear to
a lot of lies to save his wife's life.
"In another case a disinterested < iti
zen was arrested as a witness. He had
seen men who took part in the demon
stration in which the Bunker Hill and
Sullivan mills were destroyed, and us
he occupied a neutral position he told
the officers when arrested that he knew
eight or ten of the men well enough to
identify them, which he would do. * Ac
cordingly a squad of fifty men were
marched out. He was unable to recog
nize any of them, and another fifty was
brought out. He knew none of these,
and thirty-live more were marched out.
Afunn he was unable to pick out a man
he remembered, and told the officers to
keep marching them out, and if there
were any he remembered he would
identify them, but because he had not
been able to recognize any of those he
had seen they came to the conclusion
that he did not want to identify any
one, and threw him into the 'bull
pen, 1 where he still remains. With him
it was a case of identifying some one
whether he knew him or not or go to
jail.
"One day a fire started in the 'bull
pen.' One of the men smoking had
dropped a spark into the straw given
the men to sleep on, and knowing tht
danger there was of a recurrence of
such a fire, the men asked the officer in
charge to report to General Merriam
and ask to have better water facilities
put in. In response Merriam issued an
Continued on Second Page.
SCHURMAN VISITS
SOUTHERN ISLANDS
I TO WIN SULUS. ♦
i<^<S><?<^<s.4.-^><J><J.<«><J>^.<J>vj>^.<§;
TO TALK WITH LEADING NATIVES.
Effect of a Ten-Inch Shell Fired From the Monadnock on Priest's
House at Malabon.
DREYFUS
WILL WEAR
UNIFORM
Seems to Be in Good Health
and Refuses to Talk
of His Case.
Spo'in! Cable t.i The ("•all and the N>w York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1899, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, June 7.— Mme. Drey
fus has received the following
telegram from her husband:
"Leave Friday. Await with
joy moment I kiss you."
• FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique, (via
Hayti), June 7. — Although Captain
Dreyfus continues t<i maintain his
usual Impassive attitude he has de
cided to resume wearing his uniform of
an artillery captain on debarking from
the French cruiser Sfax at Brest.
It has been impossible to obtain an
interview with the famous prisoner,
who is now under guard of Captain
Cacheux of the gendarmerie and Fourth
( Gendarmes.
Dreyfus seems to be in good health,
although his features are somewhat
drawn. His face, after the first mani
festation of joy at the moment when he
received notification of the judgment of
the Court of Cassation, resumed an as
pect of tranquility and impassivity,
nor has he since betrayed any sign of
either joy or anxiety. He is perfectly
mute on the subject of the new court
martial with his guard, and he does
not seem to be preoccupied with any
thing else than his wife and children.
He has responded to the telegram of
congratulation from his wife, express
ing his great joy in the thought that
he will senn embrace their children
and members of the Dreyfus family
again. There was not a word in the
dispatch about the uew trial. Since
the gendarmes under Captain Cacheux,
in the name of the military authorities,
have accepted the custody of the pris
oner the He dv Diable ha,s been with
drawn from the control of the prison
administration and by a decree of M.
Mouttet, Governor of Cayenne, it has
been declared military territory. The
verdict of the Court of Cassation ha.s
caused a very favorable impression in
Martinique and in French Guiana.
ZOLA TO WRITE NOVEL
ON THE DREYFUS CASE
LONDON, June 7.— The St. James
Gazette publishes an interview between
its Paris correspondent and M. Emile
Zola, in the course of which M. Zola
is reported as having said:
"I have entered the lists. I am a
gladiator. I am fighting a great fight,
which is by no means ended. 1 cannot
write anything until the case is over,
but then I intend to write a novel on
the Dreyfus affair, summing it all up
land drawing from it additional conclu
j sions which cannot be clearly and con
; yincingly stated yet.
"This is my duty. I do not intend
to seek any financial advantage in per
forming it. i am perfectly safe here in
Paris, for, despite the nonsensical state
ments of some anti-Dreyfusard papers,
it is impossible to arrest me. We shali
see whether a French jury will again
! condemn me for speaking the truth. I
intend to appeal against the verdict of
the Versailles court and then the whole
j matter will go before another jury. I
i do not think there will be a complete
solution before the end of the summer.
The innocence of Dreyfus has been
recognized, but there are certain guilty
persons who must be punished, if
France is to recover her self-respect." ]
NICARAGUA
WILL FIGHT
COSTA RICA
Central American Republics
About to Engage in
War.
StKHial Dissatcb to Th» Call.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., June 7.— special
to the Commercial-Appeal from New J
Orleans says: From advices received j
to-night, from Bluefields via the steam
ship Sunniva, which sailed from that
I port on June 1, Nicaragua and Costa
Rica are on the brink of war. The
Times-Democrat correspondent, under
date of the Sunniva's sailing, writes:
"The other day Torres left Bluefields
for the interior, via San Juan del Norte,
with 165 soldiers and forty-one pris
oners, the Costa Riean authorities on
the San Juan River, where that river
passes through Costa Rican territory,
and up which stream it was necessary
to : go. in .order to reach Managua, re
fusing to allow the force to pass
I through. As a consequence, the sol
i diers and prisoners were left in Grey
; town, and Torres went on into the in
terior to report the matter to Zelaya..
As yet no action has been taken.
Troops and' supplies, it is- said, are be
ing rushed. to the border by both Costa
Rica and' Nicaragua. All - kinds of |
' rumors are being -circulated/ in Blue
! fields. ..!--:.. . .-' i ' ' . - ;;-V
. "This condition- of. affairs lends sig
nificance to a gathering held in Blue
fields on Tuesday, May 30, . when Gen
eral Estrada called a' meeting, at the
palace of the merchants . and business
men: of'. Bluefields. '.In opening the
meeting he read a telegram from Presi
dent Zelaya, wherein it was stated that
j it was. the purpose of the Government
to retire all : the paper money and to
put- the country upon a silver basis.
The general then proceeded to explain'
that it would be .necessary to raise |
1,000,000 soles on the Atlantic coast. He
said he had called the meeting to con
sult with the business men of the coast
and . to get their advice as, to how the
money- could ■ be raised. He. expects to
raise the loan from the merchants, and
has given them until Thursday, at 2 p.
m. to think the matter over. and give
.their answer. It is said the Nicaraguan
Government is retiring paper money at
the rate of 30,000 to 40.000 soles a month.
The demand for silver money is be
lieved to be created by the pending war.
j Nicaragua needs munitions, and her
paper money will be worthless outside
I of her own boundaries."
LOS ANGELES MEN
WOULD SUPPORT BULLA
Has Beceived Several Offers of Sup
port in Case of an Extra
Session.
LOS ANGELES. June V.— Senator Balls
and Assemblyman L. H. Valentin'' resent
with considerable heat a recent statement
that in the event of an extra session they
would vote for D. M. Burns. The same
statement also had Assemblyman N. P.
Conrey in the Burns column. Senator
Bulla has received several offers of sup
port should he desire to be again a can
didate in the event of an extra session.
In conversation to-day Bulla inclined to
the opinion that there might be some
ground for the recent talk of an extra
session. He based his statements upon
the public withdrawal of U. S. Grant from
the Senatorial contest, a-suming Grant to
have been correctly quoted in recent In
terview*. There is no doubt thai in the
event of an extra session the largest part
of the Los Angeles County delegation,
now that General Barnes has withdrawn
from the contest, again would be for
Bulla so long as he might desire to be a
candidate. t
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
t PEACE MESSAGE I
HALL'S BRIGADE
HAS ADVANCED
UPON TAYTAY
No Open Opposition, but In
surgent Sharpshooters An
noy the Boys Greatly.
s : .. b to The call.
MANILA, June 7, 4:40 p. m.—
Professor Schurman of the
United States Philippine Com
mission sails from here on
Friday on board the United States
gunboat Benningten for a three
weeks' trip among- the southern isl
ands. The gunboat Petrel has also
been placed at the professor's dis
posal, and he will visit Iloilo, Cebu,
Negros and Sulu. He expects to in
vestigate the local governments and
have talks with the leading natives.
He will sail for home in July.
The other members of the com
mission will remain here for some
months longer.
General Hall's brigade left Mo
rong yesterday, marching along the
lake to Taytay. The troops encoun
tered practically no opposition on en
tering several small towns, though
a few insurgent shaipshooters nung 1
about the flanks of the brigaae.
Morong. which is an important
port, will be garrisoned temporarily
by the North Dakota Regiment and
the Fourth Cavalry.
DEPARTURE OF TROOPS
FROM THIS PORT
WASHINGTON. Juno 7.— Acting Secre
tary of War Meiklejohn sent the follow
ing order to Major General Shafter at
San Francisco regarding the departure of
troops for Manila:
"Jen will send a battalion of the Fourth
Cavalry if their horses can follow at an
early date, or a battalion of the Four
teenth Infantry, as may appear to you
most desirable. Whichever battalion re
mains will K l * on the Pennsylvania, which
should arrive about the 10th. The signal
detachment and recruits will complete the
loading of the Sheridan, The regular bat
talion which you will Retain will sail on
the Pennsylvania with the remainder of
the r>«ruits. The Nineteenth Infantry
will sail on the next transport arriving
from Manila after the departure of the
Pennsylvania."
General Shafter replied he would send
two companies of the Fourteenth. 200 men
of the Fourth Cavalry and 1300 recruits
on the Sheridan.
General Scfawan, who was recently or
dered to Manila, will probably sail on the
Pennsylvania.
RULING WHICH WILL
SILENCE CRITICISM
XKW YORK. June 7.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: President
McKlnlev has put an interpretation on
one of the paragraphs of his recent civil
service order which removes one of the
principal grounds on which criticism has
been based. The President's order
amends rul< S of the Civil Service regu
lations by adding this language:
"All persons serving under temporary
appointments at the date of approval of
this section may be permanently ap
pointed, in the discretion of proper ap
pointing office."
The general construction given to thia
amendment was that it would permit the
transfer to the classified service of all
persons given temporary appointments
under the increase of force made neces
sary by the war with Spain.
Secretary Gape brought the matter up
in the Cabinet meeting yesterday, and
the President said the temporary appoint
ments effected were only such as bad
been made r " till places in the classified
Bervlce for which the Civil Service Com
mission had no t ■ligibie iist and could cer
tify candidates. There are few such
places, and the amendment therefore af
fects only a handful ol persons.2
NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH FOR TOMALES.
£=Tj=3OMALfES, June 7.— One of the
most beautiful and expensive
churches in the Interior of tht>
State is now being erected in
this town for the Catholics under the
pastoral charge < f Rev. John Etodgers.
The site was donated by Mrs. James
Keyes, a resident of Tomales, and a
lai feature f the affair is that
the rock (some 800 tuns) which is cen
tering into its construction Is being
hauled to the site by the farmers, ir
tivp of creed, of the surrounding
let. H is by the united effort of
the inhabitants in that vicinity that the
building of Ihe edifice has been made
1- ssible.
The new church Is being built on the
djoining the old one and the foun
:. Is 'if sandstone, which was ob
i from a quarry near by. The Bup
me exhausted and the stone
for the rest of the structure was taken
the Elotallng quarry in San
Rafael. Ten-horse teams have been
COLD IN
PLENTY AT
SAN ROQCE
But "Tenderfoots" Are Likely
to Meet Failure in the
Placers.
Si~;a: Dispatch to The Call
SAN DIEGO, June 7.—Notwithstand
ing th^ excitement
■ ra during the past two weeks
the lack of definite news from r<
Americans at the camp has caused
many Intending prospectors t<> defer the
trip to the diggings until it was learned
beyond a doubt that gold -xisted there
in paying quantities. This news has
now come. Th>> steamer St. Denis,
which took seventy from
here to San Rogue Landing, leaving
San Diego last Friday night, stopped
■ ■ff Sa!i Quintin bar this afternoon on
her way back to take on passei
and mail for Ensenada. She was met
on the bar by the power schooner Santa
Barbara, which returned to San Quin
tin late this evening, the St. Denis re
turning to Ensenada.
The report bnmght back from thi
Denis is that Ed t;,.inez is sending
Beven pounds of gold from th.- cam]
the Lower California Development
Company, and that the steamer is
bringing a total of nearly forty pounds
of dust and nuggets to Ensenada. As
was t'i be expected the first full re
ports by practical people do not justify
a rush by "tenderfoots," but confirm
\h* fact that there is uold in sufficient
quantities to pay practical miners. One
very level headed individual gives it as
his opinion that $G to $10 in gold may
be taken out every day. This Is very
• rvative.
Andres Strickroth of lbs & Co., En
senada, who is returning on the St.
Denis from the placers, says in his
■ ■pinion the placers axe all right and
there is lots of guld there. He, too,
made the statement that it is very un
wise for persons without experience or
• not properly outfitted to expect
big returns.
Tt was Impossible for the Santa Bar
bara to obtain details from the St.
I '• nls, as a rouph s^a prevented board
ing the steamer outside San Quintin,
but full particulars and reports of the
amount of ?old taken out by various
persons will be obtained to-morrow
upon the arrival of the St. Denis at
Ensenada. Mail from the mines is be
ing brought to this city on the steamer.
The Mexican Government has in
structed the Collector of the Port at
Ensenada to grant all vessels bound
for Asuncion or San Rogue landings a
quirk dispatch, thus doing away with
the necessity of asking the Government
at the City of Mexico for a permit in
each instance.
The schooner Negus, which sailed
from here last night with fifty passen
rits for the mines, arrived at Ense
nada to-night and the schooner^ Alta
;ind Rambler are expected there to
morrow morning. The schooner Anita
arrived at San Rogue Landing last
Monday with forty prospectors from
San Diego.
BROOKLYN SUPERBAS
INCREASE THEIR LEAD
Defeat Cincinnati in a Close Game,
While the Bean-Eaters Lose to
the Colonels.
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clubs— W. I: Pet. Clubs— W. L. Pet.
Brooklyn ....34 11 .7M Cincinnati ..20 22 .476
Boston 23 14 .«74 New Y0rk. ..19 M .<♦:.'
St. Louis 27 17 .614 Pittsburg ...17 24 .415
Chicago 26 li» .57S Washington 16 25 .3*5
Baltimore ...2.". 19 .Mi Louisville ...14 29 .320
Philadelphia 24 19 .568 Cleveland ... 8 32 .20)
NEW YORK, June 7.— To-day's game In
Brooklyn wus twice tied, Brooklyn winning out
In the ninth. Halm outpitched Kennedy up to
the time he was taken out In Cincinnati's half
of the ninth to let Wood bat for him. Wood's
single helped to score the tielng run. Hawley
finished the game, a wild throw by ilcPhee and
Jone« f single scoring the winning run. Attend
ance, 2500. Score:
Clubs— R. U. K.
Cincinnati ■• 5 11 i
Krooklyn 6 ' 9 1
Batterl»H- Hahn. Hawley, Peltz and Wood;
Kennedy and Farrell. Umpires— Emstle and
McDonald.
BOSTON. June 7.— Th« Champlom wer« mak- ,
•utilized to haul the immense blocks of
stone from the depot.
a & Shea of San Francisco aYe
the architects and they have evolved
a picturesque idea for the building-. It
will be of the Romanesque or Italian
monastic- style and will be built of
"rubble" stone, which is the stone just ;
as It comes from the quarry. There
will be a campanile and belfry an the
corner, red tiling on the roof and the i
stone Itself, which is blue, will form '
Ing promising progress in to-day'e game when. I
at the end of the eighth Inning, a number of '
spectators entered the Held, believing that the j
play had stopped on account of the rain. The
umpire then called the Rum.' on account of !
interference. Nichols was batted heavily in the
first inning-. Attendance, 1200. Score:
Huns- R. H. E.
Louisville , 7 10 2
Boston -. 6 7 3
Batteries— McOee and Kittredge: Nichols and
Clark. Umpires— Gaffney and Andrews,
BALTIMORE, June 7.— Baltimore won from ■
Pittsburg to-day by better all-around work.
Kltson held the visitors down to six scattered
hits for eight innings. In the ninth three sin
gles and an err gave* them their two runs
Attendance, 941. Score
D '- lul ' s - R. H. E.
Baltimore 6 9 1!
Pittsburg .."" 2 8 2 1
Batteries— Kitson and Robinson; Leever and
Bowerman. Umpires— Swartwood and Warner.
PHILADELPHIA, June 7.— The Phillies lost
chances to win -day's game and their failure
to defeat St. Louis was due to lack of head
work. Attendance, 2311. Score: ;
,'' ! , r R. H. E.
ft. Louis 3 c "j j
Philadelphia ; !0 0 ,
Batteries- Powell and Criger; Platt and Doug
lass. Umpires— Burns and Smith.
WASHINGTON, June 7.— The Senators won
in the eighth inning, when they made five hits !
for a total of ton bases. A number of long hits i
were made off Weyhlng, but luck was with the i
locals to-day and the hits rarely resulted In i
runs. Attendance, ISOO. Score:
clubs— n. H E I
Washington g is' ii
Chk-HKo !"!!".!! 3 9 2 I
Batteries— Weyhing and McC.uire; Callahan !
and Chance. Umpires- Lynch and Connolly.
NEW YORK. June 7. -The Clerelands again '
proved easy victims for the New Forks Bates,
the Cleveland pitcher, was too liberal with
bases on balls, and this gave the home team I
the majority of their runs. Carrick pitched a
steady game throughout. Attendance, 300.
Score:
Clubs— K. H. E
• 'leveland 1 g 2
New York [7 n Ti
Batteries- Bates and Sugden; Carriek and;
Orady. I mpires— O'Day and McGarr.
BARBARITIES
PRACTICED AT
WARDNER
Continued from First Page.
order directing the soldiers, if a fire
occurred, to shoot down every man who
tried to get out. Now, just consider the
result if a bad fire should occur. The
prisoners would have to remain and be
burned or be shot to death trying to
save their lives, for the soldiers would
obey orders. Can you imagine a more
barbarous order to be issued by a civil
ized government?
"I could tell you enough of just such
instances of inhumanity and abuse of
authority to fill your paper fuli and
still have more to tell, for they have
been practiced every day since the
trouble" commenced. Whatever may be
the merits of the case, I think every
one will agree with me that nothing
can warrant so unnecessary stretching
of authority vested in military oiTicers
under martial law."
Mr. Walker made a statement, which,
if based on correct information, puts
the blowing up of the Bunker Hill and
Sullivan mill in an entirely different
light than it has hitherto appeared, as
he states the Miners' Union had noth
ing to do with the blowing up of the
mill; that such a thing was not con
templated when the movement on
Wardner started, or if it was very few
knew of it, and that he was positive
that no more than twenty or twenty
five men had anything to do with it.
MUST WEAR UNIFORMS.
Order That Displeases Attaches of
Insane Asylums.
STOCKTON. June 7.— Secretary Car
rero of the State Lunacy Commission has
won his point and the attendants at the
State Hospital for the Insane must put
on uniforms. Attaches of the local Insti
tution have been trying to get exemption
from the order ever since it was first
promulgated, and were assisted In the
.ffort by Dr. Clark, the superintendent.
The objections proved unavailing.
To-day a letter came stating that the
regulation of the Lunacy Commission
must be complied with forthwith. Male
attendants must wear a gray uniform
and women a blue dress with a nurse
tape. The expense of the new outfits
mum be borne by the attaches. So strong
are the objections by lome that they may
resign. Others accept the decision good
naturedly, and say they expect next to
see the doctors around in some kind of
official dress.
BISQUE FIGURES AND ORNAMENT DAT,
Some article* cut CO par ostit.
Him* articles cut 60 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS, HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTINa TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere,-
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 1899.
a pleasant contrast. Three large rose
windows will be placed in the two
transcrept and the front gables. These
were donated by the late Mrs. John
Griffin and cost $500. An Italian marble
altar was given by Charles Martin and
a large donation by Patrick Carroll.
The interior will be of natural pine
and redwood. There will be no plaster
ing and the woods will appear as na
ture Jias formed them. The church
will cost $7000 and will be a creditable
addition to the best section of Tomales.
WITNESSES TO
PROVE AN ALIBI
Defense of the Alleged
Slayers of Fountain.
special Dispatch to The Call.
HILLSBORO, N. Mex., June 7.—Collo
quies between attorneys as the result of
the remarks of Attorney Catron taken
as personal by the defense and numerous
objections by Patron to the evidence made ■
the opening of the defense of Lee and [
Gllliland, charged with murdering the \
Fountains, decidedly animated. The court j
intimated contempt proceedings if it was i
repeated.
George Curry, former Speaker of the Terri
torial House of Representatives and captain
of the First United States Volunteer Cavalry,
Roosevelt's Rough Riders, was Called first,
but objection to the most important part of
his evidence was sustained. It -was that while
acting as agent of Governor Otero in the
Fountain investigation, a confession was ob- j
tamed from "Slick" Miller thai he and two 1
others, not the defendants, had planned, the
Fountain and three other murders. Witness
told of a conversation with .lack Maxwell,
who said he was with Lee, Gilliland and Mc-
New at Lee's ranch the night of Fountain's
murder. Cross-examination brought out an in
debtedness of witness to 1.c.-. but this had not
been mentioned by the latter. Hud Smith,
who was Maxwell's former employer, said
Maxwell had told him the same thing.
Joe Morgan, a wealthy gtockgrower, saw the j
defendants at Lee's Dog Canyon ranch the day j
'■:" the murder. Several attempts V 1 impeach i
the witnesses failed, but brought out some
friendship and business relations of the wit
nesses and. defendants. Maxwell was used by
the prosecution after being brought in under at
tachment, and is yet held in custody.
The defense this afternoon Introduced testi
mony to the effect that the defendants up to
sundown on the day of the murders were
sixty miles from the scene of the murder.
It was testified by witnesses, who were not
shaken by cross-examination, that the tracks
said to have been measured at Colonel Foun
tain's last camps were made by Marchers who
arrived before [Llewellyn and others, who
claim to have made measurements.
Tom Tucker, Dee's foreman, who was sum
moned by Governor Thornton and assisted In
the investigation of the Fountain murder, shod
Lee's horse and says he could recognize the
trail. He will be asked to do this later.
Attorney Catron examined the witness as to
several fights in which he had engaged. lie
admitted having killed several men, but
claimed it was done in self-defense against
great odds or while he was an officer. In one
case, witness and Lee, with three others, faced
and routed a gang of eighteen men, killing
John Qoode.
Paublino Balcorte, Pedro Gonzales and Jacob
Chaves testified that they were members of
the searching party that llrst reached Foun
tain's buckboard after the murder. Only Al
bert Fountain had been there. He left a note
for his brother to follow his trail. These wit
nesses say there were no tracks- save where
horses had been unhitched, and small tracks
which some thought were those of a deer and
some of a child's heel. Gonzales wore high
heeled cowboy boots and before Llewellyn's
party had arrived the sand was well trampled.
This party trailed Albert Fountain, returned
in a few hours, and found Llewellyn's party
there, and Brannlßan measuring some tracks.
("'haves believed one track they saw measured
was his own pr Gonzales'.
A. N. Bailey, an employe of Lee. testified
he was at Dog Canyon Ranch, sixty miles east
from the scene of the murder, on February l,
when the murders were committed, and the
defendants were with him.
Joe Fltchett testified be was at Dog Canyon
on the day of the murder, and paw Leo riding
off to the east at 2 p. m. He saw no armed
men at Wildy Well's ranch February 6, as De
tective Clausen testified he had seen. "
Dan Fitchett testified he had a contract to
deliver a herd of cattle and the cattle which,
it had been claimed, were used to obliterate
the trail Llewellyn's party was following were
those driven by him. He had seen Lee, Gilli
land and McNew at Dog Canyon near sundown
February 1. | -
FORESTERS OF AMERICA
HONOR THE GRAND CHIEF
SACRAMENTO, June 7.— The Foresters
of America, as represented by the sev
eral local courts, to-night gave a recep
tion to. Superior Judge J. W. Hughes, who
was recently elected grand chief ranger
of the order in thin State. Fully five hun
dred members of the local courts, accom
panied by two brass bands and each car
rying an American flag, marched as an
escort to Judge Hughes, who rode In a
carriage with other high omeialß in the
organization. The parade passed through
the principal streets and was witnessed
by thousands of people from the side
walks and windows along the line of
march. The demonstration was fol
lowed by a banquet at Turner Hall In
honoT of the grand chief ranger. The
hall was set with long tables, which were
supplied with the best refreshments, both
substantial and liquid, to be had in the
market.
The following programme was carried
out during the festivities, each number
receiving most hearty applause:
Manic, "FuroßterH of America." band; re-,
mark*. Toastmaater Grove L. Johijßon. Court
Capital; "The Grand Court or California,"
Grand Chief. Ran(?er J. W. Hughes; vocal selec
tion, male Quartet; "Liberty," Grand Sub-
Chief Hanger Hugo K. Aaher of San Fimn
clbco; vocal selection, K. T. Conn; cornet 1010,
J. P. Costello; "Our Order." Grand Secretary
J. J. Cordv of San Francleco; "Court Capital,"
O. N. Cronkite; vocal selection, quartet;
"Court Sacramento," H. C. Fisher; "Court
Concordla," Dr. J. W, Corey; music, "For
esters of America," band.
Quesola Chosen Commissionef.
HAVANA, June 7.— Governor General
Brook* ls«uod orders to-day appointing
Benor Gonzaleo de Queseda special com
mliaioner from Cuba at Washington at a
salary of fBOOO.
HAS A CURE FOR
CONSUMPTION
Crotte Before American
Medical Men.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 7.— At to-day's
session of the American Medical Associa
tion a sensational report was presented on
the cure of consumption by Francisque
Crotte, the eminent and widely known
chemist of Paris, France. Mr. Crotte has
cured more than 1000 hopeless consump
tion cases, and in support of his statement
he has offered to treat and cure gratis 500
consumptives from the different States in
the Union. He comes 10 America with the
highest credentials from the most emi
nent physicians and the press in Europe,
who verify the truth of his statements.
The treatment is very scientific and
consists of Inhalations of formaldehyde
vapor, transported directly through the
tissues by the aid of light tension siatie
electricity. He is establishing a sanita-
I rium at Pekin, 111., and clinics at New
STork, Chicago and Los Angeles. Much
; interest was manifi stcd in the report, and
■ many of the physicians immediately took
pains to interview Dr. Crotte more closely
or his discovery, A number of eminent
; physicians expressed ;li> opinion that an
, absolute cure for tuberculosis had at last
I cci, found.
Daniel Brower's address proved to be
; the feature, of the day. He treated ol
i the medical aspects of crime. He calltd
attention to the rapid increase of crime,
Intemperance, ineffective laws and un
reasonable application being (::•<! as
reasons. Regarding the medical treatment
of crime, he said the propagation should
be stopped, marriage should be regulated
and an operation wis advocated. High li
c< nsi was upheld is the bi st means of
limiting the traffic in liquor. Reform in
judicial methods and indeterminate sen
ten< es were also advocated.
The committee on legislation recom
mended that a special committee be ap
pointed to represent the association be
fore Congress; also the holding of a con
ference with army and navy surgeons to
((insider pending legislation.
The executive committee recommended
for adoption resolutions to create a de
partment of public health, with a Cabinet
officer at its head; to reorganize the army
and navy medical corps; to raise the sur
g< on general to the rank of major general,
and providing for the employment of
women in military hospitals.
FAVORS THE PRESERVATION
OF KILLARNEY LAKES
NEW YORK, June 7.— A cable to the
Journal from London says: The Journal
correspondent to-day interviewed promi
nent Irish members of Parliament anent
the scheme to buy the Lakes of Killarney.
John Dillon said: "I like the idea, which
is characteristic of the Americans a.nd
honorable to its men of wealth and their
; interest in the land of their parentage."
Colonel Baundei son said: "I wonder
: they don't propose to buy the entire isl
■ and."
Swift McNeil said: "I regret that our
public spirit at home is not equal to the
| emergency."
Patrick O'Brien, the Parnellite whip,
i said: "I should like to see Ireland bought
i out of John Bull's hands altogether, we
I should get justice irom Brother Jona-
I than."
Michael Davitt- The movement to buy
\ Killarney Lakes is very satisfactory to
' me as indicating the living interest In all
that concerns Ireland among American
> citizens of Irish extraction. I would
S rather, however, that 20.000,000. of our race
! in the United States would negotiate with
: England for the purchase of the whole of
! Ireland, so as to liberate it from English
! rule, but I fear such a project is too big
j an undertaking just now even for your
: country. The gigantic scheme to pur
| chase Killarney Lakes by Irish-Ameri
! cans will, of course, be more popular in
'. Ireland than if some English speculator
grabbed the property. If we had an Irish
Parliament proper action would be taken
!at once. we would buy the lakes and
j turn the beautiful place into a national
! park, as the United States did with the
i Yellowstone region.
— ♦
Woodland's Celebration.
WOODLAND. June 7.— The soliciting
committee has obtained money enough t<
insure a creditable Fourth of July cf'lo
bration. The details will he arranged at
a special meeting to be held on Thursdaj
eveninsr.
AUGUSTIN DALY
DIES IN PARIS
PARIS. June 7. — Augustln Daly died suddenly this afternoon.
The late Augustln Daly was born in Plymouth, North Carolina, July 20, 1838.
His education was received partly in Norfolk, Virginia, and In the public
schools in New York City. He begun his literary carer as dramatic editor of the
Sunday Courier of New York in IS5;>, and he continued to discharge, similar func
tions on that paper, on the New York Times, the Sun, the Mail and Express and
the Citizen until 1869, when he opi-nrd ihe Fifth Avenue Theater, on Twenty
fourth street. This building was destroyed by fire in IST.'i. and three weeks later
he opened another theater, formerly the Globe, on Broadway, under the former
name. Early in August, 1879, he established Daly's Theater, on Broadway, near
Thirtieth street, and several years ago he opened in l^ondon, England, a thor
oughly equipped house under the same name. For several seasons he managed
the Grand Opera-house Jn New York.
His career as a dramatic author began in 1882 with an adaptation from the
German of Mosenthal's "Devorah," and since then he has produced many plays,
among them "Divorce." "Pique," "Horizon." "Under the Gaslight," and numer
ous adaptations from the French and German dramatists. He achieved also a
notable distinction in the presentation of Shakesperean drama, although his
productions In this field were the occasion of much conflicting criticism.
In recent years the combination of players with which his name has been
identified— Daly's company of comedians— has achieved an international reputa
tion under the leadership of Miss AdaHehan, whose remarkable talents have
constituted a leading factor In the success of hifl undertakings. Mr. Daly de
voted ail his time to his theatrical enterprises. He was an enthusiastic and
hard worker, always noted for the elevation of his dramatic purposes and the
completeness of his scenic, presentations.
NOTHING COMES
OF CONFERENCE
Boers and Britons Did
9
Not Agree.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, June B.— The Exchange Tele
graph Company to-day publishes an inter
view with the Parliamentary Secretary of
the Colonial Oiuee. the Earl of Selborne,
in which hi' declares that the conference
;it Bloemfontein, orange Free State, be
tween President Kruger of the Transvaal
Republic and the British High Commis
sioner and Governor of Cape Colony, Sir
Alfred Mllner, proved eminently unsatis
fa< tory, and that there is no prospect of
iti r< sumption.
The Right Hon. Arthur J. Balfour, First
Lord of the Treasury and Government
li -aili r in ihi House of Commons, in the
course of a speech at a political banquet
this evening, said that the failure of the
Bloemfontein conference was a source of
deep regret to the Government. It was
England's duty, he .said, not to allow her
rights to be trampled upon; but he did
not believe' that the controversies were in
capable of solution.
In concluding his references to the con
ference Mr. Balfour said:
"My sanguine forecast of a successful
issue "lit Mi these troubles is basud on the
facts that the principles so obvious as the
■ i mentary rights of civilization*, which
we demand lor bur fellow-countrymen,
rr.ust commend themselves to- the citizens
of the Transvaal; and I venture to think
that the good sense, justice, policy and
wisdom of the leaders of public opinion in
the Transvaal will cause some settlement
which will rightly preserve the independ
ence of the Transvaal."
ibe report of the breakdown of the*
Bloemfontein negotiations has created
considerable excitement in political and
official circles ami tiiere is much specula
tion as to the next move of the British
Government. While Gnat Britain prob
ably does not mean war, it is generally
thought that at any rate there will be
military preparations.
BRUSSELS, June 7.— Dr. Leyds, the
European representative of the Trans
vaal, has received an oiHcial dispatch
from Pretoria confirming the report of
the failure of President Kruger and the
British High Commissioner, Sir Alfred
Milner, to reach an agreement at the con
fi rence Just held at Bloemfontein. It is
d that although President Kruger tt
fered important concessions he made them
contingent upon the British acceptance
of the principle of arbitration on the dif
ferences existing between Great Britain
md the Transvaal. Great Britain here
tofore has invariably refused on the
ground that it would be an acknowledg
ment of the '-quality of the two countries.
According to the dispatch received oy
I>r. Leyds, President Kruger proposed
that a sojourn of two years be necessary
for naturalization and that the full fran
chise be acquirableflve years later, coupled
with property and other qualifications.
The British High fommissioner regarded
the proposal as insufficient and made a
counter-proposal. President Kruger, it is
further asserted, intends to submit both
proposals to the VolksVaad, subject to the
favorable derision of Great Britain rela
tive to arbitration.
Rumored Death of China's Ruler
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 7.-Accord
inp to advices brought by the Empress of
Japan the rumor has been revived in
(••■kiner that the Emperor of China la
dead. There have l n so many false
rumors that no < n dence can be placed in
this latest edition.
Woodland Educator Resigns.
WOODLAND, June 7.— Professor H. W.
Smart, principal of the Woodland Hiph
School, has resigned to accept a fellow
ship in the University of Chicago.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June 7.
Stmr Spouoia. Thwing, 35 hours from Alca-
Lraz Landing.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson. 3 days from Coos
Bay.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
BOWENS LANDING— Sailed June 7— Schr
Mary Etta, for SaTi Francisco
FORT BRAGO— Arrived June 7— Schr Mon
ten Hence June 6.
Bailed June 7— Ptmr Noyo, for San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMER.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 7— Stmr Lahn.
from Bremen and Southampton.
DEATH OF THE NOBLE
"NUN OF KENMARE"
LONDON, June 7. — Sister Margaret An
n; 1 Cusack, known as the "Nun of Ken
mare." died to-day at Leamington, near
\\ arwick.
Sister Margaret Anna Cusaclc was
known as the "Nun of Kcnmare" from the
town in Ireland where she lived. During
the famine in Ireland in the eighties she
took subscriptions and collected a great
amount. of money for the relief of the suf
ferers. She came to this country and lived
BRUTALITY OF
A JAP SKIPPER
Robs and Maroons Poor
Yap Natives.
Special PlrrntrH *" The r-a.ll.
VICTORIA, B. C, June The steamer
Tacoma, which reached here this after
noon, brought the news of some exceed
ingly sharp and brutal practice of a Jap
anese skipper which when the steamer
left was being made the subject of offi
cial investigation. The alleged offender is
' Captain Oda of the Japanse brig Matsu
saka Marti, which is owned by a Mr. Yo
' koo of Tokio, and the unfortunate victims
were twenty-seven natives of Yap, one of
the Caroline group of islands, about 400
miles from the new American colony of
Guam. The Japan Herald, which 'tells the
story, says:
It seems that these natives, men and wo
men, the former before the war employed
by Mr. Friedlander, the manager, for Captain
M. O'Keefe, the copra king, took passage on
' the 10th of October last in the Matsusaka Maru
! for Guam, and paid their fares in advance.
Captain Oda was In no hurry to fulfill his
contract in carrying his passengers to Guam,
j and he proceeded leisurely to the Pellew
1 Islands, where he landed the poor natives on
October 22. For two months he lay there.
; and then he rounded up the men and women
from Yap. telling them that he would now
go direct to Guam. Instead of doing this,
, however, he carried, them to the Bonin Islands,
i where he dumped them without food or re
| sources on a sparsely inhabited island on Feb
i ruary 10. After marooning the natives and
leaving them on the island, friendless and
without resources, the hard-hearted Japanese
sailed away leaving them to their fate. An
intervention of Providence saved the entire
! party from being starved to death. About two
weeks after they had been marooned, a trad
ing schooner from one of the other islands
was driven close on shore by a storm, and
those on her noticed the signals of the na
tives and landed. They found twenty-one
emaciated and half-starved natives, scarcely
strong enough to stand. ' Six had died. Food
was given to the unfortunates and they were
i taken to one of the more populated islands in
I the group by the schooner. There a kind-
I hearted English woman, Mrs. Robinson, wife
j of a trader, took pity on them and paid the
I fare of five of the women, two men and two
boys to Yokohama by the N. Y. K. steamer
Suminoye Maru, on which they reached the
Japanese port on May 15. Eleven men and on«
woman remain on the islands, as they were
unable to secure a passage.
From the stories told by the natives it
seems that Captain Oda not only marooned the
natives, thinking that they would starve to
death and thus hide his crime, but he robbed
them also. They had 350 yen when they em
barked on the Matsusaka Maru, but this the
Japanese squeezed out of them in return for
food, after the wretched persons had exhausted
their own supply. The Japanese charged them !
II a pound for bad rice, at which rate it Is not !
remarkable that their funds soon fell to zero
They were originally allowed to live in the '
cabin, but as soon as their funds fell they were
unceremoniously removed to the hold where
they were compelled to take their rest on the !
top of a mass of stinking cargo until they were
thrown ashore on the Bonins and left to starve
to death. Captain Oda will be arrested as soon
as he returns to Japan.
HEALTHFUL DRESS
FOR THE FAIR SEX
STOCKTON, June 7.-Considerable at
tention was attracted at the Adventlsts'
gathering this morning by the lecture of
Mrs. F. B. Moran on the subject of
"Healthful Dress." Several life-size
charts were used to Illustrate the per
nicious effects of what she termed an
incorrect style of dressing. Various
articles of clothing manufactured, as she
claimed, in accordunce with the principles
of healthfulness were exhibited. At the
close of the lecture a large number of
questions were asked and answered.
At the regular session of the conference
a resolution was adopted providing that a
business agent be employed by the confer
ence to labor in the interests of the edu
cational work in presenting to the people
the working plans of these institutions
and to look after their financial support.
The following directors of tb« California
• '(inference Association of Si venth Day
Adventists were elected for tie ensuing
year: W. T. Knox. E. A. Chapman, C.
H. Jones, Joseph Figer, E. E. Parlln, J.
J. Ireland and Truman Sterling.
Elder J. N. Loughborough continued his
outline of the rise and progress of the
great Advent movement of I s U.
Elder J. A. Bronsmi spoke this after
noon, and Elder C. N. Martin this evening
delivered an address on "Consecration."
To-morrow afternoon the Mosaic sani
tary code and the principles which under
lie 'its requirements will be presented in
a lecture by Dr. J. A. Sanderson of St.
Helena.
LOSES ALL HIS TEETH.
DAVISVILLE, June 7.— Charles Phillj-
for a while in New Jersey. She belonged
at that time to the Sisters of Mercy, but
she afterward founded an order called the
Sisters of Peace.
Some years ago she left the Catholic
church and sent a public resignation to
Pope Leo XIII; later she was reconciled
and died in the faith of the Catholic
church. She was a prolific writer and
among other books wrote a set of in
structions for Irish immigrant girls land
ing in this country.
her, an employe at the depot, while hand
ling empty oil and gasoline -tanks this
afternoon, saw a gasoline can that was*
standing in the sun, bubbling from the ex
pansion cause, i by heat. He touch.,] it
off with a match, causing an explosion.
II Mew all his teeth out, broki hia
ami knocked hli . il- will re
cover. John Gruve, a lad of seven ■
was blown several feet in the air, but not
hurt.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
RUPTURE,
One of the Worst Afflictions
of Mankind,
! Cured Without the Use of
Kniie by Dr. Sweany.
i Var:cooele and Hydrocele Quickly Cured by
the Great Specialist.
j Science and Skill, Coupled With Experience,
Again Proves a Godsend.
' ; During the month of May nearly three score
1 i of people who had all but despaired of cv t r
that dread affliction, rupture,
many of whom were pronounced as hope-
less by ether physicians, were made ha;>py and
1 permanently cored by the celebrated specialist,
i t l-\ L. Sweany, at his office, 737 Market
■ street. The doctor's treatment of rupture is
1 ; the -result of that deep stin: arch, a
! trait, which, with his knowledge aru •
i ence in medii'ine and surgery, is Ihe main
cause of nis extended and prolonged succ ssiul
practice on the Pacific Coast. The treatment is
known to but few physicians in che T'nltcd
States, and Is altogether different from that
employer! by the oid school of physicians of
the darkened nees.
Varicocele. which drains vitality, makes life
a burden and forces early decay of the manly
| powers. Is another of the diseases which Dr.
| Sweany make? a specialty of. Hi* scientific
! and successful treatment of this disease has
! proven a great boon to mankind. Thcusands
i have been cured by the doctor during; his
I twenty year?' residence on this cnast.
Hydrocele and all swellings and impediments
■ are other specialties which Dr. Sweany attend*
with unfn'.Hner success. AVenk men are made
strong and old men made young. Organs of
the body which have been weakened or shrunk-
en are restored to full power, strength and
vigor. Contagious blood poison and all dis-
ease* of, Uw blood .thoroughly eradicated from
I the system.
ELECTRIC TREATMENTS.
The latest improved static, faradic and gal-
i vanlc electrical appliances km wn t - science for
i the treatmeni i 1 " [ r chronic dls-
; eases. Itheumatism. acute and chronic, Lum-
Qont and all acV.es and pains quickly
: succumb to the doctor's combined electrp-
■ medical treatment The miraculous effects m
I the treatment of the above-named diseases are,
'to etfy the I ' ' lerfUl. Patients who Tor
! months were unajhle to wnlk erect without go.-
-i ing through tortures an-i pufr.-rins' excruciating
! pains in the back, side and limbs, nfter
| two treatment*, ftand perfectly straight with-
I out effort and walk without the use of cane or
DISEASES OF WOMEN.
Dr. Bweany takes special pride in the suc-
cess which has attended his efforts in the trent-
| ment of diseases of women. Permanent md
satisfactory cures in ailments produced by ib-
| normal or unnatural conditions of the Cemaie
i organs, painful menstruations. Irregularities
barrenness, inflammation, hysteria pain in the
' back and ! vision.
' smarting pain and itching of the parts, bearing
down, lews rrhoea or whites and other com-
: plaints which often result in great prostration
and nervous-ness. His comUm i-dlcal
; treatment in all diseases of women really w.irkj
i wonders.
One of th« features of Dr. Piveany's practice
j is that he will guarantee cur^s in all cases
1 which he accepts where hi* instructions are fol-
: lowed out.
The offices of Dr. Sweany are located on ihe
second floor at 737 Mark.: street
CLEVELAND bicycles !
ULLfLLnIILJ $40 an d $50
LEAVITT & BILL,
Cpen Every Evening. 309 Larkin St.BIG' UNS REST ARE IN TRIM SILER'S RULES
FOR THE MILL
POLICE
WILL NOT
INTERFERE
Such Is the Belief at the
Headquarters of the
Fighters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW your. jun< 7. ,\i a late
ight a prominent Brook
olitlcian authorized the state
thai Hugh M had
In) rv< i,. .! and 1 1
Dever> would n<*\ . v, it !i
the Fitzsimtnons-Jeffr'es tif;lit. It
i thai Chief Dev
id recelvi .1 and acknowledged
■ structions, and thai « hil<
he would continue his talk of stop
ping the fighi he would modify his
md make
himself oui as possible.
Th ta for
mts to $43,000. This
■ wiih the
We si still to b( • om.
HATH BEACH, June 7.— There is n..
' ' ■ - imons 1 headquart* i s
proclamation.
will not i ■ ouble
"I don't
* here i an be. ( ;hiel l )evei > i ■■■.■■
ai all the lights, and h«
not stand by and see th< law violated,
i he ? ' n < ourse he \\ c/uIJ not.
littli show « ill !•• "ii the Miir
the Sharkey- McCoy fight ur
the others. 1 see i.\
■ test at the Len< x last night
.■ l't-Iluv. was knock* il •■u>. .
ideiits aiv likely to occur in
ng match. There was no Inter
■ so there will not be
: . ■ We :■■ just going
it such ;is have ■
I under the Horton law, and
Ise."
fight w ill come off all risht."
Martin Julian. "They cannot stop
When they found they coul I
out of Fitzsimmons they
Island Club would
nse. They did all they could
.1 the license, and they Cail< d.
*■ nfluei ■ ■ ■. . ame th ■
nted i" down us th<
■\ . The police, after permit
ting unnumbered fights ai the L
and other clubs, anm -t stop this oi
■ill. Why, the: ■
:hi after Chief I (ev
ery had issued his proclamation."
Fitz training this
• • ii hot. He i
- dressed in white
■ hting cap. and
■ •) to thoroughly enjoy himself.
NO HEAVY BETTING
ON THE PUGILISTS
■ ■ ■I : '■ ? tting men are
big
w in
■
"Joe" Fllman,
M . \- y" Blument hal "! [on-
Kelly, "Bob" K"+- a
■ heavily
■ not jet •••
■ ■ and they ii^ not !n-
Joe" L'llman. when aski d
■ for the Inactivity of sp< •
betting v, ,i\ in • • ga rd to this
nh it Is d recent bad de-
Th. pub
>me warj 1 1
ey. Thi :i ..e t;ilk • :
■ ned many. No
the poli< ■ his money
away."
The exception mentioned is "Jlmmv"
\Vak( • I " against
•
CRUELTY TO ANIMALS
STOCKTON, June 7.-A force of men is
engaged in killing the band of cattle
mired in the mu<! off Twelve Mile Slough.
There are nearly 150 cattle in the band.
The men kill thi starving animals only as
fast as they can -kin them, leaving the
other poor brutes to suffer till they are
ready to relieve th<>m. The officers of
passing steamers say the stench from the
place is unbearable and the men should
1,. prosecuted for their cruelty in allow
ing the cattle to linger along In helpless j
misery. j
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' __-.-__ AH Thoroughly
- f$K. J7 healthy girl-
/ J* S) /J& hood means
// vLvVy(>r happy wife-
/^*T \Ta2%ca hood and ca-
Jii/p--^^m*££ pable motherhood A
~{~&j^ new fancied praderj-
Krc^L prevents many girls from
//k \ learning: things that they
111 \ 1 jl ought to know before they
/ \j 'oa9aume0 a9aume t ie duties of mat-
.'• yj j rimony and maternity.
///f Athletics alone will not
(V L-4J make a young woman thor-
BKfjSk oughly healthy. The wiae
B V counsels of a good mothet
1 ffl W " r ome older woman art
I M S indispensable,
1 c^3 « The best and noblest mis
I sion of a woman ie to bear
and rear healthy, intelligent children. In
order to do this, she must be healthy and
strong in a womanl" way. Both the intel-
lectual and physical future ofhher children
depend largely upon the nlbther. Dr.
Pierces Favorite Prescription is the best
of all medicines for maids, wives and moth-
ers. It is intended to do but one thing: and
does that one thing thoroughly. It act*
directly on the delicate and important or-
gans concerned in wifehood and mother-
hood and makes them strong; healthy,
virile, vigorous and elastic. Taken dur-
ing the time of preparation, it banishes the
trial- and dangers of maternity. It insures
the well being of the mother and the robtiftt
health of the child. It is the greatest of
nerve tonics and nerve builders. Thou
sands of w#tnen have told the story of its
marvelous accomplishments. Good medi-
cine dealers sell it and will not advise a
substitute in place of it.
In a letter to Dr. Pierce, Mr. C. A- McDooaU,
of No. '23 N. Chestnut Street. Los Angelct. Cd..
says : "At Junction City I became acanelnttxl
with \V C. I^e, M. D., an old practitioner, He
said he was a college chum of yours, but thai you
went to Europe to the best honpiUU, while be
commenced practice ; that for thirty yean yea
were considered one of the leading pbyw£ca.ne.
in New York State, and he oonsuierelyoor rem-
edies better than all other*, and prescribed them
daily in his practice. On the *ro«tii aC thU
commendation I tried year 'PtiwiU Preaorfc
tion ' and the' Pellet*.' The " Preset ,
tion ' has acted like magic in ca*e* of trrcatda.-
and painful monthly period*, a few doses on*7
being necessary to restore the natural function.
The ' Pellets ' have proren an lMtlllbie cure for
sick and bilious headache."
In paper covers, 21 one-cent stamps; cloth
binding, ten nts extra. P Pierces Com
mon Sense Medical Adviser. Address Dr.
*. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
JEFFRIES IN FIGHTING POSE.
SPORTS MAKE
PREDICTIONS AS
TO THE OUTCOME
NEW YORK. June 7. — Local sports
j like Jeffries' chances to win from Fitz
] Simmons. Of course there are some
who cannot get away from Fitzsim
mons. Here arc some opinions:
Tom O'Rourke— I think Jeffries will win
and that it will be a good fight.
Bam Austin— Jeffries will surely beat
i Fitzsiinmons. His youth and strength will
1 he responsible for his victory.
Jack Adler— Xo one but Fitzsimmons
He should win in a few rounds.
Mike Fadden Fitzsimmons ought to win
in two rounds. I Intend to bet on him.
Pal Powers— lt Wiil surely lie ;i great
fight, with Fitzsimmons the victor
Al Smith— l think Jeffries will be winner
and the tight will not last fifteen rounds.
Connie McVey— ] cannot Bee how Jef
fries <aii lose. |i<- will surely give I,anky
Bob his quietus in less than flfte< n rounds.
Joe Vendig I expeel to see Fitzsimmons
win quickly— say eight rounds.
Jim Corbett— Jeffries will surely win and
will do the job inside of fifteen rounds.
Martin Dowling— lf Jeffries doesn't win
1 will be greatly disappoint' d in the man.
H> should beat Fitzsimohs in less than
fourteen rounds.
Billy Brady— Jeffries will win surely, j
look for him to be the at xt champion.
''Honest John" Kelly—] think Jeffries
has all excellent chance with Fitzsim
mons.
Jimmy Colville- I decline to try to pick
the winner. It will be a great battle.
Dave Holland I would like to Bee the
light end in a draw, as I lik- both men.
Fred Fleck— Jeffries is my man in this
light, and I would like to see hi-i knock
out Fitzsimmons quickly.
George Consioine I think Jeffries will
defeat the champion in a hurry. Nothing
would please me more than to see the
Callfornian win inside of three or f<,ur
rounds.
Jim Kennedy— l hope .[eftries wins the
fight My sympathies art- with him.
jK'k* Dougherty— Jeffries will beat that
I Australian in jig time. The fight will not
| last ten rounds.
Jimmy wakely— Fitzsimmons, I think,
wiil get the decision. Jeffries will give
I him a great right, nevertheless
(Jcorge Cook— Jeffries is my choice, be
cause of his many advantages over Fitz
simmons.
Billy Delaney— lt is Jeffries in a walk.
There will be only one in it and it won't
be Fitzsimmons.
Billy Gray— Jeffries is a sure winner.
Jimmy Carroll— lf Jeffries is as good as
is repotted, he should defeat the cham
pion.
Frank Burgess— l have bet my money
on .)• ffrles.
1 Billy Roche- Jeffries has youth and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 181)9.
strength in his favor. That will help him
defeat Lanky Bob.
Fred A slur— lf Fitz is in good condition
he will have no difficulty In defeating
Jeffries.
Yank Kenney — is in great shape
and -will stop Jeffries before the limit.
Charlie White — Fitzsimmons will win
sure. He will carry my money when he
enters the ring.
Dan Hickey— Fitzsimmons is one of the
most consistent performers in the ring
and can be relied upon to defeat Jeffries.
ST. LOUIS, June 7.— two of the pu
gilistic brigade are of the same opinion
as to the outcome of the coming Fitz
simmons-Joffries battle. Some of their
opinions- follow:
Bob Douglas, champion welter-weight
of St. Louis— l think Fitzsimmons will
win, but if the light lasts ten rounds
have an eye on Jeffries. By that time he
will be out or on' his feet big and strong
and with his nervousness gone. . .
Alt' Tozier— l look for it to be nothing
more than a Cakewalk for Fitzsimmons.
1 believe lie will stop the other fellow in
a round or two.
Charley Daley, once a leading light
weight of St. Louis, picks Fitzsimmons,
but it would not surprise him to see Jef
fries land.
Professor. Mooney— Jeffries is a fine, big
fellow, but he impresses me as being too
slow [or Fitzsimmons. Ryan may teach
him a trick or two that may help him.
but to beat the Cornishman he will have
to light faster and better than in any of
his other tights.
Tom Allen— Fitzsimmons has knocked
out all kinds of men. and who. I pray
you. has this blooming Jeffries knocked
out? Still, stranger things have hap
pened, lie may win; so may I go to
eaven.
Jim Scanlan— Fitz will win, but Jeffries
ought to give him the best tight in all his
career.
Clarence Ritchie, brother of the fa
mous John— l like Fitzsimmons. but Jef
fries is young and strong, and if he will
only keep cool he may land the money. .
All Spinks snysi it will be a great tight,
and, while Fitzsimmons looks to be a
sure winner, Jeffries may furnish a sur
prise party.
Veteran Tim Kelly— l like Jeffries. If
the youngster will keep his head, he will
win, "but if he loses It he is. a goner, for
Fitzsimmons is the quickest in the world
to take advantage of an opening.
LOUISVILLE. June San
ders of the Kentucky Athletic Club—
Fitzsimmons ought to win. but Jeffries
has a big chance, especially if reports
about Fitzsimmoiis' style of training are
true
Major Ed- Hughes. Sullivan's old bottle
holder—l think Fitzsimmons will rind
some Dart of Jeffries' anatomy the Call- I
PRINCIPALS
AGREE IS TO
THE RULES
Neither Pugilist Disposed to
Cause the Referee Any
Trouble.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW STORK, Juno 7.— The stylo or
character of lij?htinK which is to be con-
Bldered fair or foul was. discussed ar.
Fitzsimmons' training quarters at Bath
Beach to-day by George Siler, who .\iil
referee the tight, ajid Fitzsimmons. The
champion informed the referee that he
was agreeable to almost any style thai
suited Jeffries. Fitzsimmons said as th^
articles of agreement permitted no hit
ting "ii breakaways or ill clinches lie was
\--. w.ell satisfied with them and expect
ed Siler to -see that Jeffries as well aa
himself observe the conditions thorough
ly. He also told th>- referee that after v.
knockdown or breakaway the man scor
ing the blow should be compelled to step
back three paces, or ten feet, In order ; i
;t\-«i--i] the possibility <>f a foul. lie sail
that otherwise he had no suggestions to
offer.
Later Slier had a conference with \\ il
llam A. Brady. .)> BCries' manager, about
the rules. Brady explained to the referee
that Jeffries simply asked for an ev< ti
break and wanted the referee to enforce
the rules as laid down In the articles ol
agreement to the letter. He said thai the
1 est of feeline existed between Julian.
Fitzsimmons, Jeffries and himself, and
he did not want any unpleasantness in
connection with the subject under discus
sion.
Hi objected, however, to Fttzsimmons'
suggestion about stepping bacTc. He said
that either principal should have the right
to follow the other after delivering i
blow, and if the mail struck tried to clinch
the one delivering the blow he should
have the rie;ht to push him back and !.>l
low up the advantage if possible. Mv
pointed out that a man receiving a very
hard blow might clinch to avoid a knock
out and cause the other man to throw
away the chance unless he understood he
was at liberty to hit" him.
Siler said v .c would consider the matter
and announce his decision in a short time.
He felt sine that Fitzsimmons, w \\<t
seemed perfectly willing to make conces
sions, would change his mind and agru ■
to this change suggested by Brady.
Asked as to whether the timer or Ida
count would declare a man put out, he
said he would follow the tinier, who would
he instructed by moving the index finger
as to the number of seconds that had
elapsed from the time the man had been
knocked down.
Siler assured Brady that Jeffries would
receive a fair and square deal, and lh;'.t
he would show no favors to either man.
Brady informed the referee that If he had
not felt sure that Siler would do so he
would not have accepted him for the posi
tion.
I forninan didn't know he was wearing be
fore they have been in the ring many
rounds. '"
Boh Gray— lt will ho a hard fight. Jef
frie* is too big: and strong and young to
overlook.
Australian Jimmy Ryan— Fitzsimmons
will win, but he'll know he has been in a
I fight.
Manager Cook of the Monarch Athletic
i flub— lf Jeffries can take care of his
solar plexus he ought to take care of
Fitzsimmons.-
Tommy Hogan of New York — It will be
the best fight yet. and it is no cinch for
either. I like Jeffries' chance.
CLEVELAND, June 7.— James Me-
Glade Fltzsimmons should win. He is in
the prime of life, cunning as a fox, a ter
rific hitter and a man who knows how t.i
keep out of the way of a freight train.
Harry Pink of Hollenden— l ran see no
chance for Jeffries. Fitzsimmons tiaa
gamemss. with hitting ability, endurance,
reach and quickness in his favor— tiv_>
factors that Jeffries cannot overcome.
Tom Costello, one of John 1.. Sullivan's
I former hackers — Fitzsimmons will win in
about ten rounds.
John Cranley— Jeffries has a mighty
', good chance. He has never been "licked"
and has youth and strength to back him
up.
President M. J. Hinkel of Roekport
Athletic < 'lub— Fitzsimmons should have
things his own way. This is by no means
as big a contract as Bob had out at Car
| son.
Johnny I.avnck— A victory for Jeffries
would not surprise me, for he is a hard
hitter and a man of wonderful strength.
| Still I expect to see Fitzsimmons win in
I about eight or nine rounds.
BOSTON. June 7.— David Blancbard
cannot see how a small, old boxer is going
to defeat a big, young, good one. He of
fera to bet $500 on Jeffries against $1000 on
Fitzpimmons.
Billy Mahoney thinks Fitzsimmons will
win in about ten rounds.
Patsy Sheppard believes it is a cinch
for Fhzsimmons. •
Tom Clarke regards Fitzsimmons as an
easy winner.
Billy Hosrarty is a strong Jeffries man
Denny Murphy thinks Fitzsimmons has
the easiest thing he ever had in his life
The Betting Here.
The odds in this city did not change yes
terday, the prevailing price beinp 10 to 7.
with Fitzsimmons favorite. In the pario
mutuels at Corbett's the same average
play was maintained, except that more
people fancied Jeffries from the twelfth
round on to the finish. The board showed
the .following- tickets sold:
FITZSIMMONS. JEFFRIES
\ Tickets Tickets
Bounds. \ sold. Rounds. gold
1 to 6 87 1 to 6 J9
7 to 11 PS 7 to 11.:.: 59
12 to 16 78 12 to. 16 83
17 to 21 29117 to 21 «
22 or over 26 22 or over 38
Total 31S_ Total 262
Suit Against Yolo County.
WOODLAND, June 7.— Attorney Hughes,
representing the Lunacy Commission, will
sue Yolo County for $3600 for. board, care.,
clothing and medical attendance. : for
Thomas Whalen. who in 1874 was sent .to
Stockton on conviction of robbery and was
afterward declared Insane.
. m •
Pianos are being sold without profit for I
cash at Mauvals', 769 Market street. •. j
CORBETT REVEALS
PRIZERING SECRETS
Always Had th>e Purses for hjis
Fights Divided in
Advance.
NEW YORK. June 7.— James J. Corbett, former champion pugilist.
made some remarks this afternoon that revealed some of the In
ner workings of the prize ring. Incidentally he had something
to say about his own career in the ring. He admitted th,at on the
night of his fight with Tom Sharkey he had his share of the
money snfely stored away in a safe in his house in Harlem before the
bell for the opening round rang, and he said that he came away from
Carson City with more money than Fltzsimmona carried. Speaking of
the Fitzsimmons-J. i'fries light, he said:
"The purse between Fitzsimmons and Jeffries will be divided. 1 don't
know how much money each will get, but Jeffries will get his share. The
exact division of the purse can never be stipulated in the articles of
agreement. Allowances must always be made for certain money to be
paid to certain persons — you understand?
"Now. take my fight with Sharkey. The truth about that has never
been told. After the very unsatisfactory ending of the .encounter the
gre^t majority of persons believed that it was a fake, and they cited as
proof of their opinions that the purse was divided. It would surprise
many persons, however, to know that the nurse was divided before the
fight began.
"On the afternoon of the fight I bought a safe for $40 ;md had it taken
up to my house in Harlem. Before the light began I got $16,000, and it
went into that safe. 1 don't know what Sharkey got. It is none of
my business. I had my money, and then the only thing I had to look
after was my reputation.
"It may be a very pleasing delusion to believe that two fighters are
going to the trouble of training for many weeks and draw large crowds
and big gate receipts, only to let the winner and manager of the enter
prise get all the money. Without the loser the fight could not go on.
His reputation, especially before he loses, is the drawing card; so why
should not he get a division of the purse beforehand? They all do it.
"When I lost to Fitzsimmons at ("arson City I came away with more
money than Fltzsimmons made. Of course, had I won the battle I would
have won much more money, but I got the large end of the purse.
"In every bout which I have fought I have had it arranged so that I
would have been well fixed, no matter which way the decision went.
But. of course, I would make more if I won, and then the incentive to
preserve my reputation would make me light my best.
"It looks as though I might never get a whack at Fitzsimmons again.
After having avoided me for two years on the ground that he had re
tired he decided to fight Sharkey. Julian, his manager, said to O'Rourke.
Sharkey's manager, in the Hotel Bartholdi conference:
" 'What's the use of talking? I sec by the papers that you don't want
to fight for nine months.'
"'I see by the papers.' replied O'Rourße, that Fitzsimmons is never
going to tight again."
■ "We did say something like that.' said Julian, 'but there's too many
good things going around now.'
"That explains why Fitzsimmons comes back into the ring. He won't
fight me, but he thinks there are some good things to be picked up. We
are In hopes, in the interest of American pugilism, that Jeffries will prove
a disappointment for him.
"I want to see Jeffries whip Fitzsimmons," Corbett continued, "be
cause I think it will be a good thing for pugilism. Jeffries is only 25
years old. He is a fighter. If he wins he will lie willing to defend the
championship. He will not keep out of harm's way for several years by
saying that he has retired. But if Fitzsimmons wins there will be no
more championship battles. He will retire -into his shell again for several
years, and when he comes out he will be too old to fight."
CHAMPION
HAS LOST
NO SPEED
<:-<;*! DlsDatcb to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 7.— Oppressive h^at
at Bath Beach to-day caused Fitzsim
mons to cut down his programme consid
erably. In tin- morning the only work he
performed was to fight the hag ten two
minute rounds. Heretofore Fitzsimmons
has fought three-minute rounds. He
banged the Leathern sphere viciously, and
qppercuts, swings ana jabs flew thick and
fasi during the twenty minutes he was
at it. While Fitzsiniinons was exercising
with the punching bag Mrs. Fitzsimmons,
a, woman frlend^f hers and about twenty
snorting men viewed the exhibition and
heartily appjauded his efforts. Fitzsim
mons has certainly iost none of his
speed or hitting pow< r.
After the exhibition he received a rub
dewn and took things very easy until 4
o'clock in the afternoon, when he again
entered the gymnasium for exercise. He
hit the bag ten two-minute rounds, smash
ing it hard all the whiie and missing it on
only two occasions.
At tin- conclusion of the bag-punching
work lit sparred thret rounds each with
Yank Kenny. Dan Hickey and Jack
Everhardt. Fitzsimmons made his spar
ni;g partners tight fast all the while. His
bcut with Everhardt was particularly in
t. resting for the reason that the light
weight pugilist feinted considerably and
made desperate efforts to score heavily on
the champion. Jack seemed particularly
arxious to get an spotting for the hcad^
but Fitzsimmons was wary and kept the
New Orleans boy more than busy evading
hard blows aimed at the body ami head.
When the boxing bouts were over Boh
received a hard rub-down and rested until
sundown, when he enjoyed a road run to
Prospect Park and return. Fitzsimmons
was accompanied on the trip by his wife,
who rode Ln a carriage, and seemed im
mensely pleased by the way ln which the
champion sprinted" along.
When shown Corbett's statement to the
effect that the purse in the light was to
b< divided. Fitzsimmons said:
"Corbett can whack up purses if he
wants to do so. 1 nave my ideas about
purse money; so has he. They can talk
all they want to now, but after I defeat
Jeffries— and I'll do the trick in two
rounds— Til never fight again. I was
never in better shape in my life than 1 am
at present, and I'll give those fellows who
think I have gone back a big surprise."
DR. PIERCES "No. XXX" ELECTRIC BELT
v^^^^^^fe PRK'E $25.00.
/^E «Vi?\ jßr^N^^^^rA^J^Wi/'- V JEM Tnlp Belt la 'warranted to '-*• the latest
,)i^r^ 1 *««»T'vv. ; V~s^f\ »» <gsj3Jal Improved, most powerful and In all re-
W^f^yiS^^iyV \\ r ~ A 7 \ 'i' '^'T-V V^xSffl Bj>octa the B«st now manufactured In
■jjMpa''v< Vn a... -N * \f \dxf*>P. a " part of the world. Its equal does
{k3&sO>-'»' v *■ .- "* Jf? Lv _-«^3i&Jßb3| not exist. The Galvanometer shows its
S3vS [CM^*^ *-^S^> C^T^nfm JmiP electric current to be double that of any
"SJSH* jbrH W^^raHWM^nirN'Wa^ ether. Easily regulated! Durably ln-
lSS4JvHp«!t " ; «9HhO3 ■ I \ l\ '{v&f^J^" sulated! I^atust Improved attachments'.
'!Ji^* <^*ijVj ia C6K&^Aii3 : SaN\ST^" w Special conductors and <*i(vtroOw>. Double
r\y iftiMflVs!" '*^ r^SB^V^VfJ/jL \Vv> ' wire suepensory for men. Satin-lined
\*C\)/'*J I iT "*> /B>r s J\ ,'^ii\\'^^ body belt. It will cure any. disease on
1 TiiWi|\l\.^^^V^w^rl r^. earth that It Is possible to our* with
'IV ' I ■ 1 ■*": ' ■ /'■"■■>■ N. B.— The kind of belts others sell at
' y/ *^-y^Sr^-t— hl^h prices we furnish at $.'{.s<>.
■ ; /*?*+■ Ifct ■ (CT Buy no belt till you call on us or
: —^r^U\"~ • "«nd 2 c "tamp for "Booklet No. 2."
\ X T x Ad<Jr»»«
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO.,
620 Market Street, Opposite Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
JEFFRIES
LETS UP IN
HIS WORK
Br*>cia! Dispatch to Thi
ASBI'RY PARK, June 7.— As the time
for the fight draws near the number of
visitors to Jeffries' camp Increases. Billy
Delaney, who has the big fcfoiler-maker
in charge, is kept busy answering tele
graphic inquiries as to the Californian's
condition.
Jeffries did light work to-day on ac
count of the heat. This morning he
punched the bag a half-hour and then |
left for the beach, a quarter of a mile I
away, to cool off. This afternoon Jeffries
and his trainers posed in front of the
kinetoscope machine. Two sets of pic
tures were taken at the training quar
ters, after which the party adjourned to
the beach. Jeffries was disposed to do
some light exercise, but his trainers ad
vised him to lay off for the rest of the !
day and the Calif ornian consented. To
night he gave a public boxing exhibition
at the opera-house in connection with a ,
comedy show. He was at home and in
bed by 10 o'clock.
After his exercise to-day he said he
never felt better in his life. Contrary to
general expectation the continued warm
weather has affected Jeffries but little.
He is not worrying about any interfer
ence by Chief Devery of the police. De
laney said to-night:
"We have our hands full at the train
ing quarters getting ready for the fight,
and there is no use. worrying over mat
ters that will be adjusted satisfactorily.
Jeffries does not have any apprehensions
as to the result of the tight. He says he
knows what he can do and is satisfied
from what he has seen and heard of Kilz
simmons that the latter cannot knock him
out."
Delaney believes that when the two
men enter the ring the liettins will be
about 10 to 8 on Fitzsimmons. Marty Mc-
Cue, who trained here with Jeffries anil
Kyan for his fight a few days age is
putting out some loose coin on Jeffries at
odds of 40 to 25. It was decided this af
ternoon to break ramp on Friday morn-
Ing and go direct to Coney Island.
Aguirre Takes the Oath.
SACRAMENTO. Juno 7. — Martin
Aguirre, Warden of San Quentin. was in
Sacramento for a short time to-day. He
visited the Capitol, where he took the
oath of office and filed hi* bond. The bon-J
is for $2.1 .000. and a Maryland trust com
pany is named as surety.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by these
lattie Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepste,
! Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
; feet remedy lor Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouthy Coated Tongue
, Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate ihe Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PiU, Small Dose.
Small Price.
SECOND SUCCESSFUI, YEAR OF
THE SAN GABRIEL SANATORIUM
CONS-UMPTION
By the Continuous Ichalation Method.
THE AIH IN EVERY ROOM tS SATUR-
ated with a germlckle. The patient lives> in
an atmosphere thai positively kills the germ
of tuberculosis. Immediate relief to the weak-
ening night sweats a Temperature
j falls to normal, and dmr wei ■ nt In-
i variably increases weight from ?i.\ lo twenty
, pound*.
The celebrated Thmat and Lung Specialist,
I I>r. Robert Hunter of New Y.>rk. wrltee: "I
I entirely approve of all ! ing and pre-
! diet great success fnr your undertaking."
A SUMMARY OF 100 CASES.
Ira- Not Im-
i Character No. Cured, proved, proved. Total.
i j ,
j Ist Stage.. 34 29 5 0 34
2d Stage.. 36 12 22 t 3«
3d Stage.. SO 3 12 15 30
I .
The Sanatorium iv ov.-ned and operated by
i the Pan Gabriel Sanatorium Co., practicing th*
I Antiseptic G. ■rinici.il Inhalation treatment for
diseases of the respiratory tract. Experienced
I physicians and n;>r«>'s are in .itt --ndance. Th»
j Sanatorium is lighted by png and heated by
' steam and open fires. The rooms— over 100 la
! number— are cheerful, sunny and w-^ll fur-
' nished. Many suites have private baths.
'. The Sanatorium Is delightfully located, nine
miles from L*is Angele?. surrounded by twelve-
' a' rt-s of lawn, fruit trees and shrub?. A bil-
liard room, lav.-n tennis court, croquet grounds
1 are free fur use Puller particu-
lars, together with our pamphlet, containing
views of the Sanatoriun and surroundings and
; our methods of treatment, will be mailed fre«
an application.
Address all Inquiries SAN GABRIEL SANA-
TORIUM CO., San Gabriel. <:al.
Heailh is Wealth.
"hervi. BBAiN
DR. E. C WEST'S
SERVE AND. BRAIN TREATMENT
- THE ORIGINAL;' ALL OTHERS IMITATIONS,
Is soldunder positive Written Guarantee,
by authorized agents only, to cure Weak Memory,
Dizziness, Wakeftdness, Fits, Hysteria, Quick-
' ness, Night Losses, Evil Dreams, Lack of Confi-
, dence, Nervousness, Lassitude, all Drains, Youth-
• ful Errors, or Excessive Usa of Tobacco, Opium,
. or Liquor, which leads to Misery, Consumption,
Insanity and Death. At store or by mail, $1 a
' box; six for $5; with 'written cuarantee'to
: cure or refund money. Sample pack-
age, containing fivo daye treatment, with full
. instructions, 25 cents. One Bair.ple only sold to
, each person. At storo or by mail. j*-»_^.
[ /?s^*\t3Tned Label Specia!^«|p&
' ig4sB E^a Strength. i§gj
; ttJTRcd Label Loss ot'KjW W
For Impotency, Loss otTßSp^^r W
, ]&&*s's& Power, Lost Manhood, y^i JStL
tPt2^3l Sterility or Barrenness 1. p. UJ " )
' SI a box; cix for f 5, with*jr<lwf
■ written euaranteeaiWwV
:; *iZ^ .^' to euro in 30 days. At6torevK»J|^\!
, B&rOßuor by mail. ArTcR
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO., Sole Agta.,
1 ! 214 Kearny st.. San Francisco. BKIB
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
: SHUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
. 9 •Q) 1051KA2SSTST.tet.6±47th,S.r.Cil. i
\ HHr'f r ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
V g«Jffw»t^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
* ££ *£&* disease positively cured by the oldest T
9 |E9I bpeaaliit on the Coast. Esl 36 years-. 9
• i wßfi? 1 DR- JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
, A I $d&9w Consultation fr " and strictly prirate. \
■ U a X§^if H Treaimem personslly or by *lr:ter. A M
fßy flB /'o*im« Curt in every cabe undertaken. \
1 MIT I lift Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of i
; r f I 1" MAnniAGK. MAILED FKEE. uf
' 1 it (1< valuable book for nirn ) 1
" f»R. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., 8. F. V
;1_ . . t
IVSAKE PERFECT MEM
aMO XOT DESPAIR ! Do noi Suf-
fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions -if
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of Nervous Debtlltvaro
absolutely cured by PKKFEfTO
TA IS ET». Give prompt relief to in-
somnia', failing memory and the waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred by
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor an.l potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give jdßgjv blooro to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of Lrji\ young or old.
One Me box renews vital energy. p|lJ(i boxes nt
f 2. 50 a complete guaranteed '.•nry^flyyur money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest ""■• pocket. Sold
everywhere. or mailed in plain -.•■:..: ■on receipt of.
1 Vrice by THE PEKFKCTO CO., C«-tou ttldg., Chicago, 111.
Sold by Owl Drug Co., Baldwin Pharmacy,
W. J. Bryan 'two stores). Grant Drug Co.. la
Oakland by Owl Drug Co.
lililDß. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
iazai tSH • Five hundred reward for any
PP** »*M case we cannot cure. This secret
3 M remedy stops all losses in 24
■JEi Er*r hours, cures Emissions. Impo-
J7JO WiiTs tency, Varicocele, Gonorrhoea.
KM mSim Gleet, Fits, Strictures. Lost
jR^I J.g'ij Manhood and all wasting effects
r;"7***T'*f!z? of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5: guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Alia
for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All privat*
diseases quickly cured. Send fcr free book.
r-'^stS3Q^&!^*nM p:? "1" « non-r^innnon
*S^MBB*~ m^±£M remedy for (Jonorrhfp^
JmKF c CO < ; leet. Spermatorrho?^,
SBfW 'p ! to s .lays. "M Whites, unnatural dij*
MfjSf Gcaxantn-d 53 charges, or any in£]nmmi-
m*i»W not to otrioiarr, lion, irritation or ultera-
R*>— jgPrsveota «.-at»giun. tion of Siiucous r:,im-
■T»'**THEEvAN3 ChemiciiCo. Cranes. Non-aetringent.
V£*S(\ CINCINNATI.O .Kp l ! Sold by UroKgim,.
V-SFA^ U. i *B cr Bent '" Plain wrapper,
<<^riaJ'?{K^ expreßS, prepaid. fi/»
1^ *l.*W, or 3 bottl&d, $2.76.
"*'^|^^V ■ Ciiouiiii not on n^M^
nirP nnif I I Corner Fourth and
Iflill II 1 1 If A I Market, S. F. Try
CAFE XIII II I our Special Brew
Uni L Mil I Hi steam La «
UI 1 1 L IIU! i S L r, L Overcoats and
Valises checked free.
t Weekly Gall $1.00 per Year
34
AN OCEAN STORM
STILLED BY METEOR
Thrilling Experience of Those on
the Paramatta During F^ough
Weather.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 7.— The commander of the P. and O.
steamer Paramatta reports a Btrange experience at sea on the way
Singapore to Hongkong. After passing the Parcels, a severe thun
storm was experienced, accompanied by rain and heavy seas, but
storm was abruptly stopped and the elements amuck stilled in a
startling and awe-inspiring manner. At 10:55 a. m. 'Iv storm had
reached ty, when suddenly, straight from the warring
elements above, like a Bhrapnell from a man-of-war, an Immense mass
etal descended, whirring into the Bea nol 300 yards from the ship.
As the meteor struck the water it exploded with a mighty noise, while
a vivid flash of lightning, which seemed to set the air trembling and
caused a blinding blue llghi to hang over the ship for thirty seconds.
The lightning was followed by a deafening t h^l f| f thunder, then all was
still. The air became as crystal. The wild wind ceased to shriek
through th( rigging. The rain clouds had disappeared and the very
wavi i to temporarily suspend their ceaseless roll as if all na
ture had been stunned by a mighty shock. The Paramatta was un
harmed, though shaken from stem to stern as if in a mighty grasp. In
fifteen minutes the storm commenced again and lasted far Into the night.
HORSWHIPPED
BY AN ACTRESS
Marcus Mayer Attacked
by Miss Or me.
Special Pi<=ratch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 7.— Marcus R.
Mayer, who was m r Adellna
: on several of her American tours
■ pn sent bu i .n.i-r. r for
Nethersole, was horsewhipped this
amship St. Paul of
the '-. the
v iss [Ida < trrae, an ac
tress and f songs, wielded
the whip. Twice" the lash :'<-.i across
, : s face,
:. Miss i irme then
lown ti;- - .nk. but was
pursued a . Mr. M .
found he would lose his pas-
Paul :!' h>- •;• mail
gainst her  • i de
do this. She was released.
The young woman, who has figured
in public happenings before, reached
the American line pier early in the
morning and at once went aboard the
St. Paul. She was seen walking the
decks and stationed herself at the
gangway. Mr. Mayer, accompanied by
Miss Nethers.ile and Joseph Herbert,
reached the ship twenty minutes before:
sailing time and stood just beyond the
gangplank talking to George W. Led
f-rer, manager of the Casino, and Mr.
Herbert. Miss Orme, who stood behind
the group, drew her whip, and, reach
ing over Mr. Lt-derer's shoulder, struck
Mayer twice in the face with it. As
he fell back his silk hat was- knocked
off and rolled d'uvn the gangplank.
Miss < »rme fled down the deck to the
gangplank used by the second cabin
passengers and thence to the pier,
where she was seized by Mi Lederer.
She made some protest, but he insisted
that she accompany him and led her
down the dock to a policeman and
called upon him to arrest the woman.
The policeman said that If Mr. Mayer
would go to the station house ami
make a complaint against the woman
tie would arrest her. but otherwise he
could not do so. When Mr. Mayer de
clined to do this, Mr. Lederer offered to
make the complaint, but the policeman
would not accept it and Miss Orme
was permitted to go.
Mr. May.-t. Ms he bathed the marks
!'-ft by 'he whip "n his face, said he
did ii"t know his assailant, and was a'
a loss to account for her art.
"She was arrested In London some
years ago." h*' said. " ; i r. ' i in an inter
view I c-aid thai =h" was undoubtedly
Insane. She was in an asylum at that
time, [ be] d may have nurs>'l
some resentment against me. The
Amerii-.m Embassador succeeded In ob
taining her liberty at that time ■
sh>' liad promised to r"t<irn t" America
and remain. I htsv< never seen the
woman."
"Mr. Mayer has >lnne everything p<>s
to hurt me i a lly," said
Miss Orme this evening. "In London
h^ said I was Insane and was, I firmly
believe, the muse of my rncarceration
in an asylum. 1 ha\« recently sought
■ h< i • a r.'l WOUld ha vt
closed with the management t>ut for
Mayer. I have not (ion.' with him yet
and when be t""t'irns from London I
will be 'in hand to receive him."
Death of Joseph Koch.
MARYSVIL ■ T Joseph Koch, a
man who came to Starysvtlle
fr'im San Frani.iP'-o at Intervals to make
'1 maps for the County Surveyor
and As-' ri In V'uba Count;. Hos
pital to-day of kidney and Uyi
Id. lints. Pending tra from rela
tiv s ii ■■•■ cared
fur by fi ' i native o^ Ger
man v and I' i \ . .i '
Stockton's Librarian
STOCKTON, Juno 7.— Upon the organi
zation of the new Board of Library 'Trus
tees last evening W. F. Clowdsley was
re-elected librarian. Mr. Olowdsley Is one
of the best hook judges In the State, and
largely to his Sorts is due the high posi
tion the Stockton Free Library occupies
nmnns Sin liar establishments of the coast.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOORD'S
(LONDON, ENCLAND)
OLD TOM, DRY or
i SLOE GINS
ARE THE BEST.
CHAKTJM MBTNBCKE & CO.,
Bfrla >.*«..-. if ''•' Sacramento Street,
p«n ;^nu<;-. CaL
NOTE'S VALIDITY
TO BE ATTACKED
Legal Strife for a Yolo
County Estate.
Special Dispatch to The Call
• WOODLAND, June There is a strong
probability that a sensational trial, in
volving the validity of a note, will take
place in Yolo County at an early date.
The facts in the case, so far as they have
been developed, are about as follows: In
the latter part of last November George
Washington Johns, an old settler, died in
this city, leaving a large estate in Yolo
and Colusa counties. His will was pro
bated in this county and Elizabeth J.
Gregory and George W. Gregory were
appointed executors. The estate was be
queathed, share and share alike, to four
children of deceased- James W. Johns,
Elizabeth J. Gregory, Matilda A. Allen
and Polly Ann Nancy Frlel— with the pro
vision that they shall not convey to other
parties or incumber their share of the
property with any indebtedness. In case
of the death of any of said children their
interest in said estate shall go to thoir
children, If they have no children, then
their share shall be divided equally be
tween the remaining children of deceased.
When the will was ma many
Intances of the family were sur
■ that the deceased had not provided
is grandchildren George w. Gregory
■ In K'Ty.
It has since been discovered thai they
'or n another manner. A
has !"•• n presented to thi cxci
: : interest, based
upon a promisi i not( dated <"■
i 'ity. July 7. l- •- xet uted by I;•
Washington Joans, the and
made Intly to George W. Greg
ory .:::-. Mary Gregory, with interest at *
, ■■ annum.
This '-'aim was recognized and ap;n" i
r>n June ■",. 1899 by th» ••>.■ ■ ng f
- Elizabeth J. Gregory, is ais<>
• ■ : tatlon was a surprise
t" ;):• other h-irs .if the will, who did
• - • xistenee. It playi
important part in the recent contest iver
Borne <if the h.-irs f.ir a
■ il distribution of the estate, which
Caddis h.as now under advisement,
■ laimi d that ',■■ dlst ributicn
emadi until all debts of the estate
■ ••:: paid. During these proceedings
J. C. Ball, attorney for several of the
heirs. Intimated that the claim of the
Ichildren would ho contested on the
ground that the deceaj-ed never ex< ■
the note.
FLOODS ALONG
THE COLORADO
Rapid Rise of River and
Tributaries.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., June 7. -The Colorado
River and tributaries are on the biggest
n-mpa£fp in thirty years, and great de
struction of property lying in the path of
the- floods has already been wrought. The
water ia flowing over ihe great dam here
i- a height "f twelve teet, and an eighteen
f< ot rise from above is coming down and
will reach here some time to-morrow
morning.
Th» dam here was .-onstrur-ted at a co = t
'.f $1,600,000, The great flood Is apparently
having no effect upon it. Behind the dam
ids a sea of water eighty ft-et.deei)
forty miles long and one mife wide. At
Kingsland a rise of eighteen feet i.-; re
ported and the water ie still rising. Aiarole
Falls, nine miles this sid<- .if Eungsland
i- aboul to be washed away. The bridge
a 1 that place and two other bridges in thn
vicinity have been carried away, the wa
ter works' power house is a. total wreck
and private property has been damaged to
the extent of $15,000.
As far as reported, no lives have been
lost. The news that the upper waters of
the Colorado River and the Llano River
rapid rate was received In
Austin last night. For the last two days
there have been heavy rain? throughout
■•■•■ Colorado Valley. The heaviest fall 00
--6 and b o'clock ihi.s morr:-
Ing, when a regular cloudburst struck
Marble Falls. A telephone message this
that the entire t'.v.-n was
flooded and the bridge and power house
were washed away by the flood.
idbursi ciimc without warning,
and it was a miracle that there was not a
lOSB Of life. The lylano River is
' "in ol its banks from its source
to where it empties into the Colorado.
Marble Falls reports that the Colorado
River is. higher there than sinci the mem
orable flood of 1869. The crest has not yet
been reached.
SUES FOR SCHOOL FUNDS.
Stockton's Action Against County
Superintendent Wi'ight.
STOCKTON. June 7.— Judge Budd to
day issued a writ of mandate requiring
County Supt-rlntendf-nt of Schools Wright
to show cause why he should not pay over
to the city %'i'MX) or thereabouts, alleged to
be due on a proper apportionment of the
schDol funds. The trouble is not of Mr.
Wright's making, but originated during
George Goodell's administration of the
office, he having decided that those pupils
attending night and high .schools were not
entitled to enumeration In the census upon
which the apportionment of State school
funds was made; in other words, the Sin to
fund was intended for primary and gram
mar schools and must be apportioned to
these schools upon a basis of the number
of children of school age in the several
districts.
Superintendent Wright makes answ-r
that inasmuch as the apportionment was
made by Mr. Goodell he should not be
required to pay 6ver the money, as future
decisions might show that he was not
in sc doing, and he would thereby
become personally responsible for tho
amount. The city of Stockton was pla'n
i tiff In the action.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE S, 1899.
SOPRANO OF FINE
STRIPE DIVULGED
BY SIG, LAMBARDI
Also a Valuable Tenor
in "Lucia."
A CREDITABLE PRODUCTION
By Ashton Stevens.
More surprises were sprung by the
Lambardi Opera Company last night
in the good old opera of •'Lucia." First
to be mentioned is the young woman
programmed by the tantalizing name of
Senorita Italia V. flepetto. She sang
the title part and her work was wonder
ful. .Let this unknown senorita appear
once as the understudy of Melba in this
same part and her reputation is made
the world over. She has the birdie
voice — thin, true, lithe and clear as
glass— in its superlative. In the "mad"
song she shamed an excellent flute, and
the audience fairly wallowed in ap
plause. Miss Repetto is not beautiful to
see, and she lacks Jamentably in those
qualities of personal spell and magne
tism that play so great a part in the
fate of an operatic artist, but she can
sing Lucia as perhaps we have seld>m
heard it sung before, except from Fatti
and Melba, and her next appearance
will be looked forward to with warm
Interest by all who heard her last
night.
The other discovery was a tenor
named Russo. He sang Edgardir as we
have not heard it sung in years. His
voice, like that of the Senorita Italia
V. Repetto's, is not much in bulk; it is
lyric to a degree, but clear, sure (bar a
few strained top notes), and capable at
times of urgent dramatic expression.
The orchestra was more at peace in
the simple Donizetti music, and the
chorus, too, was happier than on the
opening night. Altogether the perform
ance was extremely creditable. Al
thuugh but five singers came to the
front in the sextet, that famous old
number was given out with stirring
effect. The ancient but seldom heard
opera of "Nonna" is the bill for to
night.
To-night and the Saturday matinee
mark the last performances here of
Mrs. Riggs' new comedy, which is still
without a title. n n Friday and Satur
day nights the Kelcey-Shannon <"<>m
pany will fall back on -The Moth and
th- Flame," a play that, while absurd
in its melodramatic features, is sur
passing in its comedy and satire. The
Henry Miller engagement, which will
probably be the most important of the
year, commences Monday in the Colum
bia with Henry Arthur Jones' Dew
comedy, "The Liars."
* •
Lewis Morrison, Florence Roberts I
and the Alcazar Company are stiil I
playing "Hamlet" at the little theater
on O'Farrell street. The attraction for
next week is "The Master of Cere
monies," which scored signal success
last year.
The droll double bill of Gilbert & Sul
livan's "Pirates" and Leoncavallo's
•Pagliacci" is attracting favorable at
tention at the Grand. The Southwells
are giving the best popular priced en
tertainment in town and drsrve suc
cess.
• * •
I'ntil further notice "The Merry
\\"..r" is tli.- bill at the Tivoli. Gracie
Plaisted may not be much of a singer, I
but she has a host of friends who seem j
to make it their business to turn out
every night with glad hands and flow
ers.
» * •
The Orpheum has a big bill this
week. Several of the turns have already
come r<< criticism in this paper, but on
the whole the show is up to the aver
age, and certainly succeeds in drawing
the usual crowd.
• » •
At the Chutes to-night the la?t of the
amateur minstrel shows will be given.
Now that William Shakespeare's
"Hamlet" has come into such vogue, I
wonder the management does not ex
hibit the novices in that. What's the
matter with an amateur "Hamlet"
night ?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PALPITATION
I nLI 1 1 (1 1 lull
OF THE HEART
Is Most Serious and May
Result From Simple
Indigestion.
THE GREAT HUDYAN IS A POSI-
TIVE AND PERMANENT.
CURE.
There is an Intimate connection between
! stomach and heart, as nearly every one knows.
1 They are both controlled by the same great
nerve, therefore any disorder of one organ
tends to affect the other.
One may readily see the folly of permitting
any disorder of digestion to run Its course un-
i til dangerous disease ensues.
Heart disease is not the only danger. There
is ulceratlon of the stomach, which may take
! place after the mucous membrane has been
subjected to a state of chronic inflammation.
Again we have cancer of the stomach.
It is so easy to overcome stomach trouble.
HUDYAN has proven Itself a specific for Dys-
pepsia^ Indigestion and Catarrh of the Stom-
ach, Headaches, Bloating, Loss of Appetite,
Nervousness ami the many symptoms due to
digestive disorders.
HUDYAN Is curing hundreds of people every
day. Remember this. Hudyan cures are per-
manent. . : ' t ;
HUDYAN acts upon the liver, strengthening
It and gently stimulating it, thus overcoming
constipation. It gives to the bowels the laxa-
tive that nature has prepared for them— the
bile.
HUDYAN arts upon the many little glands of
the stomach that secrete the Juices concerned
in the digestion of food, increasing the quality
of those juices, ias well as the quantity.
If you suffer from Stomach Disorder and Pal-
pitation of the Heart HUDYAN will cure you.
HUDYAN is for Kale by druggists, 60c a pack-
age or six packages for $2 50. ' \
If your druggist does not keep Hudyan send
direct to the Hudyan Remedy Co., cor. Stock-
ton, Ellis and Market sts., San Francisco, Cal.
YOU MAY CONSULT THE HUDYAN DOC-
TORS ABOUT YOUR CASE FREE OP
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
BEECHAM'SPILLS
taken at night will make you
feel right, act right and look
I right. They cure Constipation.
1O cents and 98 coats, at all drug stores. ' '
NORTH BEACH PROTESTS
AGAINST NYMPHIA HOTEL
A MASS-MEETING OF REPRE
SENTATIVE CITIZENS.
Rev. Father Caraher Presents Reso
lutions Which Are Unanimously
Adopted by a Rising Vote.
A mass-meeting of the property-owners
and citizens of Nortli Beach was h<-ld last
night in St. Francis Church Hall for the
purpose of Inaugurating; a crusade against
the project of the Twinkling Star Im
provement Company, which proposes to
When requested, the Resorts mentioned in this column will send you circulars, giving full information regarding special advantages, rates,
manner of reaching them, etc. When writing please mention The Call.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
The Great Sanitarium of the West.
OPEN EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR.
New Hotel, elegantly furnished; table un- :
surpassed; lighted by electricity.
THOUSANDS CURED BY ITS WATERS
Finest Swimming Tank. Bowling Alley and
Dancing Hall in Lake County, together with
complete Livery Stable, Gontle Saddle Horses
O JO*"klNI>S OF MINERAL SPRINGS. 1
Physician in attendance; superb climate; |
beautiful mountain scenery; trout, deer and
small game**' plentiful; . magnificent drives;
■ baths In variety; lawn tennis and croquet.
: Reached by the shortest stage route into Lake
County. ' Round trip fare from San Francisco
via Hopland, 18; via Caltßtof $9. I
Hotel and cottage rates, $10 to $14 per. week.
Take B F. & N. P. Railway to Hopland, or :
1 S P R. R. to Calistoga. For Illustrated pam- ;
phlet or further information address J. CRAIG,
! Highland Springs. Lake County, Cal., or see
L. D. CRAIG, 316 Montgomery st.
Highland Springs Mineral Waters on sale at
Oakland Pioneer Sods Water Co., Thirteenth
and Webster sts., Oakland.
AHRENS, PEIN A BULLWINKEL.
620 Post St., San Francisco.
The Vendome
A Country Home
Surround*^ by a i2-acre park it re-
sembles a country mansion — and
only two blocks from the railroad
station, where twenty-five duly
trains connect it with the outside
world. Over 250 rooms. Suites
magnificent y furnished, with toilet
and bath. Tourists headquarters
for all interesting points in Santa
Clara County.
GEO. P. SNELL. Mgr.. San Jose, Cal.
SKAGGS'HDTSPRINGS
Bonoma County: enly 4^ hours from San
1 Francisco and but 9 miles' «taglng; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
In State; swimming and boating: grand moun- j
tain scenery: good trout streams at door; pho-
tographer's room, telephone, telegraph, dally
mail and express; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: morning and afternoon ;
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
IB 60. Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 1:10 j
p. m. Terms. (2 a day «ir Jl2 a week. Ref-
erences, any guest of the past four years. j
Patronage constantly Increasing— last year un-
precedented. J. F. MULORKW. Proprietor
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
A Charming Spot to Visit This Bnmm«r.
Boats free to guests. Fine fishing. Excellent j
■ table Clean beds and careful attention to
natrons Climate perfect. Sixteen miles from
Truckee In the heart of the Sierras and sur-
rounded by magnificent trees of an unbroken
forest The ld*al spot for families because It is j
clean/ no poison oak. no pests. And pure _air
and pure water. Address MRS. H. M. CLEM-
ONS Virginia City, before June 1. when Inde-
pendence Lake will be open to the public.
IICHf SPRINGS.
THREE MILES FROM UKIAH. MENDO-
cIno County. . Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place In the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to j
b«th tubs. .'.ly grounds, fishing and hunting. i
Crystal Spry. ••• Accommodations and table !
first-class. J. REDEMEYER 4 CO.. Props.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW,
A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RESORT IN ROSS i
VALLEY; now open for guests. For terms
and particulars address MRS. M. I. LEACH,
Roes Valley, Marin County, Cal. >
Special Train to Monterey June 15th.
Tickets good for five days. Round trip. $3 50;
children under 12 half fare. Apply at ' the
Association building. Mason and Ellis Ms. ■
(VIENDENHALL SPRINGS.
Under new management; 2000 feet above sea;
stage connects with train at Llvermore at 2:15
p. m. ; fare from San Francisco, 52 23; rates,
$7 50 to $12 50 per week; half price for children
under 12 years old. For circulars address DR.
FRANK PITT, Proprietor, Llvermore, Cal.
ADAM SPRINGS, LAKE CO. .
Favorite resort of the State: the water Is un-
excelled for medicinal purposes; table unsur-
passed: fine fishing and hunting; stage dally
i from Calistoga direct to springs: round trip at
! Southern Pacific offices, $10. DR. W. R. PRA-
i THER. Adam Spring.
"THE TRAVELER'S" BUREAU,
AT NO. 20 MONTGOMERY ST., KEEPS I
the pamphlets of all principal California
Resorts for FREE DISTRIBUTION. The pub-
lic are cordially Invited to call or write. NO
CHARGE OF ANY KIND.
HOTEL- BENVENUE
And cottages Lakeport. Cal.— Large grounds;
! new dancing pavilion, 80x40; fronts lake 200 ft.;
fine bowling alley and shuffieboard: swimming,
boating, elegant yacht free; children's, play-
ground; good table; no Chinese help. F. &
A. M. SCALES. Proprietors. f -
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS
(Beswick. Slsklyou County. Cal.)
Finest fishing and health reaort on the coast.
Climate perfect. For particulars apply to ED-
BON BROS.. Proprietors. • .
Yosemite Valley and Big Trees.
Superior * accommodations and lowest * rates
- via the "Valley Road" route. For full par-
ticulars address JOHN MOSS, Traffic Dept..
£21 Market st., San Francisco. - "
CAMP TAYLOR REDWOODS,
On N. P. C. R. R., th« place to s;o for sum-
mer; board or camp cottages; Sunday excur-
sions, $1. For circulars address li. U. MAR-
■ TIN, Camp Taylor, CaL , - : c0;V;,l ;._
I conduct the I^a Nymphla Hotel, now be
ing erected at the southeast corner of
j Stockton and Pacific streets for immoral
j purposes. The meeting was called to or
der by the Rev. Father Terence Caraher;.
! and Thomas B. O'Brien was elected chair
man. Father Caraher then stated the re
ject of the meeting. He said that the
Twinkling Star improvement Company
was an Incorporated stock company and
thai it was buildinjr the Xymphia for the :
I purpose of conducting upon a lar^.' scale :
the same immoral mimes for which c< r
tain notorious districts were closea last
fall. !(■• went on to say that he had in his
possession the names of certain corrupt
I municipal officers who were in collusion
with the company and that he proposed to
divulge these ai the proper time.
The next speaker was Attorney J. J.
Barrett, who has been retained to make
the fight for the citizens of North Beach
before tiii Supervisors. He said that
I Father Caraher had been approached by
I certain persons who' had attempted to
Nearly every one in Ji
j San Francisco has i|
j catarrh — so common I 1
j that people don'tcare; '!
I they grew up with it. ]'
, It is better to be with- . j!
; out it, though. ji
Catarrhal ij
Affections l|
disappear at Paso /
Robles Hot Springs. . \
The air, the climate, i[
I and the water are a \<
catarrh cure. Ca- <[
tarrh disappears no ]>
one knows where. \
! Otto E. Never, Prop, City Office, i|
Paso Robles, Cal 636 Market st. i
ft ■ £H IK RA fi HOT SPRINGS - - Tnla
VIBkAiViI tieautlful summer and
rnipnlfilftl wint " resort. now
■ ■■■kill %0F \m owned and managed by
. DR. J. I'ERKAULT, who as resident physi-
I cian, will devote his entire time to the welfare
I of his guests, whether sick or well. 1b situated
] 160 miles couth of San Francisco, In the Coast
Range Mountains, at an elevation of 1000 feet.
j The climate is soft and balmy and free from
: fogs. Soda, sulphur and iron springs. Hot
plunge and tank baths; delightful grounds;
comfortable hotel; annex and cottages; good
i hunting and fishing; grand scenery: lovely
walks and drives. Special rates to families oc-
. cupying entire cottages, or Invalids or others
j remaining more than one month. Trains dally
i from Third and Townsend Et. depot, 9 a. m.
' (Pullman to Soledad, thence seven miles by
i stage to Paraiso.) Round trip. 1%. For further
Information address J. PERRAULT. M.D.. Pa-
ralso Springs, or city office, SS6 Sutter St., S. F.
FAMOUS GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
(Change of Management.)
! R. ROBERTSON (for the past five years at
Paraiso Springs). Prop, and Manager.
The h >tel and cottages have been thoroughly
; renovated— new furniture, beds, carpets, etc.
; The Table the best the market affords. The
Baths refitted and improved — competent at-
] tendants and masseurs. Grounds and walks
bemtifled. Fine hunting and fishing. Trains
leave Third and Townsend sts.. S. F.. at 9
a. m. and 2:45 p. m. Carriages at Gilroy for
I the Springs.
j For Illustrated pamphlets and special rates
; by months and for families address R. ROB-
ERTSON. Gilroy Hot Springs. c a l.
■-» Take S.P.R.R. trains—
Kvrnn 9a - m -- : n " P- m - Only
UTI l/ll 3 hours" ride. Carriages
yi;. meet every train No
■ I a staging. Now hotel,
I 111 9 first - class throughout
ltvl ' Hot mineral springs
f _, . # cure rheumatism. Add.
Springs 1
I HOTEL LYNDON,
LOS GMTOS.
Just opened: new building; handsome furni-
ture; 50 outside rooms; every modern conven-
ience electric bells and lighting;; perfect sani-
tary plumbing. Strictly flrst-chUH! family and
commercial hotel. Comfort and convenience of
guests first consideration. Cuisine and service
unsurpassed. Commodious free sample room.
LYMAN H. TOLFREE, Proprietor.
Mark West Springs,
MOST PICTURESQUE RESORT, VARIETY
of mineral springs, Soda, Sulphur. Magne-
sia, Iron and Arsenic; plunge bath; swimming
pool, billiards, shuffleboard, croquet and other
games. Accommodations first-class; table good;
Is 9 to $12 a week. Round trip, $3 "5. Stage
| meets morning trains ->nd Sat. eve. FRESH &
JUERGENSEN, Mark West Springs, Sonoma
Co., Cal. City Office. 912 Larkin St.
ROWARDENNAN,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS, ON SAN LOR-
enzo River, 3% hours from S. F. ; 40 min-
utes from Santa Cruz: grounds and river lit
by electricity; tennis, bowling, boating, bath-
ing, fishing and golf links; elegant hall and
dining room: club, billiard and smoking rooms;
new hard-finished and elegantly furnished: tel-
ephone. Round trip, $3. Address W. E. VEA-
ZIE, Lessee, South Ben Lomond.
HOTEL BELVEDERE
Open for the Season April 1. Ample accom-
modations In Hotel; also in new cottages. lust
completed.
MRS. f\. T. MOORE,
BELVi.UEKK.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
NATURAL ADVANTAGES; SALUBRIOUS
climate; picturesque scenery; mountain
| walks; pure spring water; beautiful drives;
pine groves, lawns and gardens. The best ad-
vantages for those who need to obtain comfort,
rest and health culture In a short time. Address
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM. St. Helena, Cal.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS: FIRST-CLASS
family resort; cottages, tents, hunting and fish-
ing: artificial lake for boating and swimming;
long distance telephone; campers' return tick-
ets $2 50; hotel open the year round. Send for
circulars to J. H. HAESTERS. Glenwood. Cal.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL'S
Sanitarium and Mineral Springs, Glen Ellen.
Sonoma County; also 20 completely furnished
6-room cottages; good boating, flshlng and
hunting; finest summer resort and mineral
water (or all diseases In America; camping
ground and mineral water free. Apply to Dr.
C. C O'Donnell. 1021 'i Market st.. bet. Sixth
and Seventh. San Francisco.
KAMI.'! L SODA SPRINGS.
J. R. Morris. Prop.. Napa County, Cal. Bur»
cur* for dyspepsia, indigestion, rheumatism
and constipation; hot mineral baths. Th»»»
■prlngs ar» located In Napa County. 20 miles
east of St. ' Helena. The water Is bottled at
the springs and contains its own natural gas.
Bt&g* leaves St. Helena,
bribe him. They had offered to give to
him any sum he misfit name if he would
only withdraw his opposition. Attorney
Barrett then went on to say that the con
tract for the erection of the Nymphia had
been let to Hannah Bros., and thai he
had examined the plans and specifications
of the building and thai i: was to be tilled
with cribs for immoral purposes. The
only way. he declared, thai the Impending
and degrading evil could be averted was
to defeat the permit asked f"r by the
Hannah Bros., that they be allow.'! to
make some alterations in the building:, for
upon this depended the i onstruction of the
cribs. He then said thai the first permit
already granted had been gotten through
the Board of Superivsors by false repre
sentation. At the conclusion ol his re
marks the following resolution offered by
Father Caraher was adopted unanimously
by a rising- vote:
Whereas We are fully convinced that a
frightful ami shocking evil Is about to be
placed at our doors, having for Its location the
SANTA GATALINA
ISLAND.
3% Hours' Ride From Los Angeles, Cal.
AMERICA'S FOREMOST RESORT.
Write for Information about Catallna's won-
derful attractions. World's records for rod and
reel angling. Fishing tournament May 1 to
Sept. 1, auspices Tuna Club. Sixth season
of our famous Marine Band.
The Hotels Metropole and Island Villa.
Modern Conveniences. Efficient Management.
Moderate Rates. Best Golf Links.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
BANNING COMPANY. 222 South Spring St.,
I Los Angeles, Cal., or call on G. W. THOMP-
SON, Agent, 621 Market St., San Francisco.
■♦0-»-O-*O-*O-*O-*O"-*O-»-0-»O-»-O-*0-»-0-*
♦ ♦
♦ Take advantage ♦
o Of the Round-Trip o
♦ Tickets to ♦
O O
I Hotel del Coronado. ?
° o
o Now only $60 by steamer, in- ♦
♦ eluding 15 days' board at hotel; ♦
° if longer, $2.50 a day. °
0 . Apply 4 New Montgomery st, °
o San Francisco. o
♦ ♦
-♦-o-*-o-*-o-*- o-»-o*-o -♦- o-*o-*o-»-o-* o-*o-»-
/ETNA SPRINGS.
GUESTS COMPLIMENT US on our TABLE.
Service 13 Prompt, Elegant and Abundant.
Telephone connection. Rates, $10 to $14 per
week: S. P. to St. Helena at 7 a. m. or i
p. m. private rig to Springs. Round trip, $7.
W. L. MITCHELL. Manager, Aetna Springs,
Napa County. City office, .1 H. SIMPSON,
room 4, Odd Fellows' building. S. F.
ONLY ONE VACATION
: a year. Enjoy every minute of it!
I You can not help but do so at SARA-
TOGA SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY
— the queen of Summer Resorts.
Rates : $8, $14 per week.
J. MARTENS, Proprietor.
City Office— 4l6 Pine st.
i ""
j .
The Place for f\Ty i^TJ A DTV n th FOOT-
RESTand ORCHARD™^.
HEALTH SPRINGS »«£!!.£.
llAl ' vw the 0. P.R.R.
Plain. Quiet Retreat: Finest Scenery, Water,
Mountain Air. Fruit and All the Year
Around Climate in California,
Ideal Grounds and Surroundings. On Railroad.
136 Miles from San Francisco.
$8 week. Open all year. Send for Booklet.
Address Orchard Springs, Chicago Park, Cal.
Sea Beach Hotel
SANTA CRUZ, CAL.
CALIFORNIA'S FAVORITE RESORT. LO-
cated on a flowering slope from the beach.
Unsurpassed view of beach, bay and mountains.
Salmon fishing, tennis court, croquet grounds
and music. Reasonable rates. For terms ad-
I dress J. B. PEAKES. Proprietor.
J. T. BROOKS, Chief Clerk.
HARBIN'S HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
The Best In the U/orld.
HOTEL, COTTAGES and GROUNDS light-
ed with ACETYLENE GAS. Open the year
round. Sulphur. Iron. Magnesia and Arsenic.
All kinds of baths. WONDERFUL CURES
: of Rheumatism. Catarrh, Dyspepsia Paraly-
I els. Ekln Diseases and Kidney, Liver and
! Stomach troubles. Long distance phone.
Terms, HO to $18 per week. Daily stage from
Callstoga. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
% p r e - TOCALOMA. M IN
BERTRAND HOTEL— First-class accommo-
dations; reasonable rates; fishing: beautiful
drives to Bear Valley, etc. JOSEPH F. BER-
TRAND, or Winchester Hotel Dining-room,
] first floor, 58 Third it. San Francisco.
BROOKSIDE.
The beautiful new resort at the head of
Napa Valley Is now open. First-class ac-
commodations, hot and cold water, gas. bath*,
mineral springs. For health, scenery, climate
and beautiful drives it Is unsurpassed. Write
for pamphlet. LORRIN BOOTH, Prop.. Cal-
lstoga. Cal. ■ v-. ■; .-.
KENILWORTH INN,
MILL VALLEY— A most delightful summer
' home. Every modern convenience. •In and
out door sports. Forty-five minutes from San
Francisco. Table under personal care of MRS.
M. MERRY. Proprietor.
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
Two miles from Hopland. Unequaled soda and
j magnesia springs; baths: . furnished cottages.
! Terms, $10 to tl2. Buy through tickets. Send
I for circular. O. HOWELL. Hopland. Cal.
BLUE LAKES HOTEL
WILL BE CONDUCTED IN A QUIET,
homelike manner. ■ th one of the best
tables in the county: $10 to Hi per week. Round
i trip. 19 EO. 8. F. and N. P. to Ukiah: thence by
stage. Address .J. WIL' ON, Bertha, Lake
County. Cal. .
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS,
Sonoma Valley, two hours from S. F.. via Tlb-
uron feiry. Warm mineral swimming and tub
; baths. Water, gas. electric bells. Rates $10 to
$12 per week, $2 per day. Address Aqua Call-
•ente Springs, Aqua Callente. Sonoma Co., Cal.
WDITF W. H - MILLER, Uklah Stables, for
TTnllC economical and best way and ac-
commodations to Springs In Lake and Mendo-
clno counties. Stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell, Saratoga Springs, Witter Springs and
I Upper Lake.
southeast corner of Stockton and Pacific
streets; and
Whereas. The presence or the said evil im
plies the moral and material ruin of this sec
tion of the city; therefore, be it ' .
Resolved, That we. the taxpayers and citizens
of North Beach district in -mass meeting as
sembled, use all our efforts to combat the re
volting evil and to protect the morality of our
people, young and old. v
Resolved, That a delegation from this body-J
wait upon his Honor, Mayor Phelan, the 1
Board of Supervisors and the Chief of Police '
and ask them to assist us in our conscientious
opposition to the- project of the Twinkling Star
Improvement Company and in our struggle for
Resolved. That, If necessary, the threatened
evil be made a prominent issue at the next
municipal election, and that all of the candi
dates approving or abetting it be defeated at
the polls.
After the resolutions had been adopted
the following committee was appointed to
wait upon the Mayor: Rev. Father Cara
her. Captain Com Charles RiLey, W.
H. Eaprar and J. J. Dudey.
FREE CAMPING
Ideal camping spots all along the main
line, Sonoma and Guerneville branches of
the California Northwestern Railway
(lessee San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway), the picturesque route of Cali-
fornia. While parties can camp any-
where, close to or remote from the rail-
road, a few picturesque spots especially
adapted for campers have been selected
on account of their easy access to San
Francisco.
Glen Ellen Park and four miles along
Sonoma Creek, beautifully shaded. Excel-
lent fishing and bathing. Mr. C. E. Har-
vey, at Glen Ellen, will show locations.
Mirabel Park, on our Guernevllle
branch, adjoining the railroad, and skirted
by Mark West Creek, which is now
dammed, affording fine bathing, boating
for two miles, and good fishing. Man in.
charge. Row bouts at reasonable rental.
Guernevllle, in the midst of the redwood
country, and on the Russian River, ts
practically the terminus of the Guerne-
-1 ville branch. The people of the town and
j vicinity, under the name or the Business
i Men's Association, of Guerneville, offer
free camping sites throughout the whole
I section. The Russian River will >»
, dammed, affording a magnificent sheet of
I water for bathing and boating. Mr. D.
j Connell, proprietor of the livery stable at
■ Guerneville. representing the association,
j will meet all trains, and without charge
1 Hill show prospective campers the various
I locations.
To and from all these points double
dally train service. ■ . . •
Supplies delivered on the grounds by
the merchants of the adjoining: towns.
Tickets for camping parties are to !bo
procured at Ticket Office. 650 Market st.
For detailed information apply at Ticket
j Office, 650 Market St.. Chronicle building.
or at General Office. Mutual Life building,
: Sansome and California streets.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
TM» delightful watering place is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, flee stone dining room: telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation:
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices. $10. >.<.':
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
—
FOR SALE!
A lovely home on Howell Mountain; about 115
acres; 8 acres hay land: 7 acres full-bearing'
vineyard: good spring: also well supplied by a
spring: house, barn and outer buildings: 150
yards from county road. Apply to MRS. H. T.
' WAOELANP. St. Helena. Napa County, Cal.
BOG/* HOTEL.
FINEST HUNTING AND FISHING ON THE
TRUCKEE RIVER; pleasant sunny rooms;
pure mountain air: free bo; ting on lake;
prices reasonable, $8 to $10 per week: special
rates for families. W. J. McDONALD, Man-
ager. *' .V:.\
/■> mi CD in— Most beautiful spot In Laka
LAHL JjIjAI/ County. The mineral springs ar«j
famous for marvelous ' cures when all elsa
failed, especially in stomach, liver, kidney ant
bladder affections. Superior accommodations.
110 per week. Fine roads, trout fishing and
, deer hunting. Write W. R. McGOVERN. Carls-
bad, Lake County.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
j Eighteen miles from Cazadero, on stage line.
I Good trout fishlne. plenty fruit, cream and
' milk; free, conveyance for parties of two or
more: grand redwood scenery. Address J.
LUTTRINGER. Seaview, Sonoma County, or
apply E. KRUSE. 207 Front St.. S. F.. for par-
ticulars.
Yosemite Camping Excursions.
Every day; $30 for 12 days from S. F. : eight
' .lay* in valley. Information at. the Traveler
I Office, 20 Montgomery st. Tickets at ths
1 Valley Road Office. 321 Market st. _
JOHANNISBERG.
FAMILY RESORT AND OUTING PLACES
i In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Mount
I Veeaer 3100 feet. Large lake, boating, swim-
! ming, hunting, fishing. Terms $6 to $10 per
week Send for circulars. JOHANNISBEKO 1
RESORT, Oakville. Napa County. Cal.
PLEASANT VIEW RANCH.
Good fishing, hunting, bathing; fresh
milk, butter and eggs, fresh fruit. Terms,
$7. E. M. SHELFORD, Cloverdale. Cal.
: Free carriage.
LAUREL DEL
LAKE AND HOTEL.
Climate, scenery, entertainment; none better
in Lake Co.: sas indoors and out.
11. WAMEOLD.
NAPA SODA SPRING^
TWO TRAINS DAILY; 7:30 A. M. AND i
ip. m. ; stage meets train at Napa City. AN-
DREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs P. O.
Montgomery Sulphur Springs.
Natural hot mineral baths. Good country
i board. Rates $6 and $7 per week. MRS. J.
MONTGOMERY. Callstoga, Cal.
VOQFMITF San Francisco to Chl-
! iUOLiUilLtnps!. by railway.
S Thence by Lumsdt-n & Co.'s coaches 60 miles
to Yosemite Valley. Round trip $32. Single
fare, in either direction. $16. J. M. HUTCH-
I INGS, Agent, 19 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ Mountains— A quiet foothill
ranch, located In Blackburn Gulch. 5 miles
(rom Santa Cruz; delightful summer home in
the redwoods, running water; abundance of
fruit; good table; terms, $5 per week; children
i under 10, $3. Address W. CrtANDELL, Santa
Cruz, Cal. ™
OAK GROVE cottage, Saratoga: newly fur-
nished; good, table; Congress Springs water;,
team for drives. Address box 6. Saratoga. 1
MANZANITA Station, near Mill Valley— 3 or (
rooms, with board; good accommodations at
Manzanlta Villa.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call.
' 16 pages. in wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.GRADUATING
EXERCISES OF
THREE COLLEGES
Many Scholars Re
ceive Diplomas.
MEDALS FOR PROFICIENCY
A SPLENDID EXHIBITION OF
SCHOOL WORK.
Interesting Programmes at St. Igna
tius, St. Vincent's and Trinity-
Institutions — Lists of Medal
and Premium Winners.
The commencement exorcises of St. i
Vincent's school were held yesterday at
.-he institution on Mission street. An im
rovised stage was occupied by five him- |
dred gir'. pupils arrayed in white, and the
effect was highly picturesque.
Several of the clergy were present,
among them Fathers .1 P. Keane, J. Nu
gent, J. P. Quinn, J. M. Horan and Rev.
Father Brennan, rector of the parish. j
Father Brennan in a felicitous speech ;
presented diplomas to four young ladies |
who have finished their seminary course. ,
In addition he gave them special prizes ,
as a mark of personal appreciation of
their proficiency. The graduates were
Catherine E. Hagerty, Margaret M. Phil- j
bon, Miss Mary F. Flood and Miss Mary |
J. McCarthy. . .
A fine propramme was enjoyed by a
large number, and was as follows:
March. "Tar.nhauser" (Wagner). Misses M.
Roddy. M. Regan. M. Donegan, X. Sheehy. i:
O'l^ary M. Doyle. M. Anthony. M Farrell:
hymn. >.v>w#et H.-art of Jesus." chorus saluta- !
t.irv, Miss Mary Flood: second vaise iGodard, j
On. 56), Misses M. Philbon, M. Doyle, M.
li'-Kan A. Purvis M. Flood, N. Sheehy, M.
Anthony. M. Sullivan; sens. '•Sailing on the
Lake" (Major); recitation. "The Three Bid
d..rs " M km Margaret Philbon; piano solo.
"Polonaise Militaire" (Chopin, Op 40) Miss
A Sweeney; sons. "Little Builders." juveniles;
recitation. "Painter of Seville." second elo- \
cut ion class; "Fleurs d'Oranges" (Ludovie),
Misses M. Kutcher. i. O'Connell. M. Hagerty,
M Dee. 11. uauchney. M. Hrannan, S. Con
nor M. Murray; r< citation. "Our Lady's
Hvfnn " Mlssos K. Hagerty and M. McCarthy;
"Rondeau" tllorend). Misses M. Donegan.: M.
Farri-11 F. St. Mary. M. Purvis. E. O'Leary,
L Wood?. M. Roddy. H. Gommels; song, !
"Sweet Spirit Hear My Prayer" (Wallace), :
Misses J. Humsied and A. Canepa; pantomime,
first elocution class: "La Regatta Veneziana"
>l.iszt), piano No. 1. Misses M. Flood and M. j
Phjlbon. piano No. 2, Misses M. Sullivan and !
A. Purvis "Song of the Whlppoorwill" i
(White); valedictory, class of 'S3— Address, Miss ;
M. McCarthy; religion. Miss M. Flood: edu
cation, Miss M. Philbon; farewell. Mi.-- K.
Hagerty; hymn, school; "March of the Dry
ads" (ba'nai. Misses E. Brady, M. Hagerty, I
K. Uickerstaff. H. Farnesworth. M. Grlffen, N. j
O'Brien, M. Kutcher. N. Hurley.
Following was the order of the distribu
tion of prizes:
t For having passed with honor through the ;
senior classes cold medals and crowns are i
awarded to tho following young ladies: Misses j
Katie Hagerty. Margaret Philbon, Mary Flood, j
Mary McCarthy. i
.School honors— For regu ■■ attendance and j
general deportment crowns an> awarded to
Misses Mary Regan, Katie Fuller. Mary An
thory, Amelia Canepa, Maggie Anthony. Bes
sie Foley.
Premium?, flist rhetoric class— Misses Mary
Fitzgerald. Mary RMIy. Delia Ahem. Mary j
H.gan. Katie Fuller, Llliie Kan. Jennie Me- i
Carthy. I'r-Un , turns Julio Bumsted.
Second rhetoric class— Misses May Murphy, j
Alice Purvis, Mary Sullivan, Mary Anthony,
Cella Tlerney, Katie Robinson, Amelia Canepa, j
l>.retta Brady, Alix Blanchard, Nellie Sheehy, i
Mary Doyle.
Ninth grammar grade— '.".-• Maggie An
thony, Mary Racik, Mar} Hall. Maggie Done- !
gan, Azalia Anselm. Bessie Foley. Klla !
o'l^ary, Katie O'Connor, Maggie McDermott, !
M. R. Blake. Annie Dooiey. Marianne Roddy, !
K. Purlin, Hva Irelan, Ella Brady, Eva Can- |
nlnp.
Music— Medals awarded to Misses Annie ;
Sweeney, Mary Flood, Alice Purvis, M. Sulli
\an. N. ehy.
A medal in drawing to Miss Mary Loney.
Premiums in music— Misses Margaret Phil- !
bon. M. Anthony. M. Doyle, M. Regan. M. i
I'.jnegan, E. O'Leary. M. Roddy, E. Harry,
M. rrell. H. fmmm«ls, M. Purvis. F. Dillon, j
M. Haggerty, L. O'Connell. K. Hickerstaff. H. ,
Fartiesworth, M. McCarthy, Fran ■• St. Mary,
M. Waldron, N. O'Brien, Mary Murray, M.
<;riffen, M. Kutcher, Hazel Daughney, Nora i
Hurley. Rosie Ryan. Mary Brennan, M. Dee. !
L. Wood, Jean.tte Jonannean, Sallle O'Connor. |
Premium in drawing Misses M. Sullivan.
A. Canepa, A. Blanchard, A. Purvis, M. R.
Blake, R. Waldron. E. McManus. M. Orr, R.
P.lake. M. Kingston.
Medals for highest per cent on year's work- '
First rhetoric class, Miss M. Fitzgerald ; sec
ond rhetoric class. Miss Mary Murphy; ninth '
grammar grade, Miss Maggie Anthony; eighth j
grammar grade. Miss K. Broderick.
Competitive prizes on May examination— I
First rhetoric class. Miss Delia Ahem; second
rhetoric class. Miss Alice Purvis; ninth gram
mar grade, Miss M. Racik; eighth grammar
grade. Miss J. Walsh.
Medal for rhetoric class— Miss Mary Reilly.
Prizes for best composition— Second rhetoric '
class, Miss May Murphy; eighth grammar
grade. Miss Mary MoKeever.
Premium in bookkeeping— Amelia Ca
nepa.
Christian doctrine— Medals: Misses K. Hag
erty, M. McCarthy. M. Pliilbon. Lizzie Fuller.
Premiums in the eighth grammar grade— !
Misses Mary Hagerty, Rose Quinn, M. Me- I
Keever. M. Kingston, R. Hurgh. E. Barry T
Kennedy. K. Broderick, M. Lucy, L. Dooley
J. Walsh, K. Car. lan. L. Boss). M. Rock
M Quinn, R. Kelly, M. Parrel!. E. McManus I
M. Purvis. G. Smith. K. Blake, J. Mcßrearty
A. O'Rourke, F. Dillon. S. Brooks, M Logan, ,
A. Logun, G. Ireland. N. Morris, M. O'Connor, !
•H. Gorr.nels. T. Ryan, .1 Dwyer, B. Waldron. \
Seventh grammar grade Misses L. Anseiin
E. Boy.-.', i. Boyce, K. BickerstafT, L. Bicker
staff. K. Barry. L. O'Connor, A. Dougherty
M Flynn. N. Fitzgerald, K. Griffin, A. Griffin,
M. Hagerty, G. Hussey, R. Kane, N. Leahy,
K. Mulcahy. N. Mulcahy, M. Morris, E. Man
ning, M. O'Connor, I. O'Connell, A. Pratt,
I. Parker. R. Philbon. D. Ryan, May Sullivan,
Mary Smith, H. Stevens, Katie Tobin, K.
Turner, K. Walsh, Mary McCarthy, Jennie
Hughes, Helena Farnesworth. Julia FJnn. L.
SHH£rf®t®>® t ©4o4O>: ®>©t® -f ©♦©♦© -f.®4-®>-® -t-®>®4® -f ©>®-f ®
i Cured of Sciatic Rheumatism. !
® Ki^^^ Or. McLaughlin's Electric Belt Again Proves ' |
I f " N^a i Its Great Curative Power— A ®
I i^-o^' Ism City Cußi i
If mV ■ SAX FRANCISCO, June 7. 1899. -1
<5 W i'ks-WI i^> DR. M - A. MCLAUGHLIN Dear Sir: Z
4- V *6"-^-' v-/ Having suffered with rheumatism for over V
(i) ♦Z^iii-V«« - if '%& two years I concluded to try your belt X
4- '/// "X«K^*lig^ ,)! -/,,;., some few months ago, it having been x
fa ■//// \ ?P l\ rf-'W/ recommended to me by a brother engineer X
♦ i////// / Jy*h 0/ w no had been cured by It. After wearing &
X I /J/l/Jm — -^^O^Kv/ the belt faithfully am pleased to say that ♦
V //'////Mti^~'~">" : s£y£i_ il nas driven every sign of the trouble . (?)
T, ' ' il'ig?a&t\ V»' X %&?; from my body and am completely relieved ♦•
+- '! lit mSß \ / /-'/ / 42r/' of all pains. I was troubled with sciatic '•„)
X '(arts. > y £(r// rheumatism also. Will cheerfully recom- ♦
i 'ImtKT^^y *"' m<-u<\ the b.-lt. Yours very truly. ®
IfSSrMJ ' JAMES PARKER, 723 Green street i-
I Dr. McLau^hHn's Electric Belt |
® This grand Bell has cured four thousand people in California during the fa
V past live years. It cur. - Nervous and Vital Weakness, Rheumatism. Lame .
© Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures many of the worst forms of Nervous "J
■♦- Debility after all else fails. " ®
f IT WILL CURE YOU. ®
® Stop drugging if it. does not help you. and the money that you would pay fa
"♦" a doctor in one month will buy this famous Belt. It is worth its weight In V
© gold, for it saturates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new man- J
♦• hood. ' v
© SEND' FOR "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." ♦
X It is ii very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point i
r" out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, free to any fa
■♦" addreßH. or nan be had on application at the office. .4.
fa Don't put It off. Act to-day in 1 matter which concerns the happiness not T
♦ only of yourself but of your family and friends, of your future. You should
'•j not delay. Call or address ..- . • " X
1 Dr. M. A. Mclaughlin, Jfittt-ttafca I
♦ OfHce KOUII I '"• 10^:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES. ®
♦ "♦"
•♦•♦'^4-®>®>®>®>®4-®>®>®>®>®4®-f®fS>f®>®4®«f®-f®><j)
DEVOTED HIS LIFE TO
THE SERVICE OF SOD
REV. J. P. TURNER, M.A.. was
advanced to the priesth 1
yesterday inorning in the
church of St. John the Evan
gelist by the Right Rev. \V. F.
Nichols. Bishop of California.
The services were of the greatest
solemnity and were attended by a
large number of the young- man's
friends and members of the church.
Bishop Nichols ionducted the serv
ices. He was assisted by the rector;
Rev. Ur. Spaldlng, and the latter's as
sistant. Dr. Breck. Twelve clergymen
..f the diocese, garbed In their vest
ments, were also pre&< nt. The services
! with the morning prayer. Alter
the singing of a liymn by the choir,
i imposed of members of the •■chapter
of the Risen Life, ' Daught< rs of the
King-, Bishop Nichols preached an elo
• ni!i>n on the Important event.
k-- of the aspirant's obligation
• pt the scriptures as th<- word of
God and r.ot t" tear it all to pieces by
higher criticism. He s"aid that the
criticism of our ancestors would
be a very low standard of criticism to
day. He also touched on the ordination
of Dr. Briggs by Bishop Potter of New
York, by saying ho had such confidence
in the Bishop of New York that he did
not propose to criticize his action in re
Hurgh X Shepherd, M. Fabian. M. Kearns
Frances St. Mary, Helen St. Mary.
Sixth Grammar— Misses F. Crontn, A. McDer
lott F. Leahy, M. Lyons, S. Keegan, A. Kings
ion ' M Waldron, M. L'ren. K. Rielly, J. Kick
=rstaff. A. Callaghan. F. Kelly, J. Callaghan
I. Hagerty, N. O'Brien, E. Morris, M. Owens
Mary McGinlty, M. Norton. J. Baker, A. Me
Dougald, M. Murray. S. Hums. M. Lyons, .1
Daniels. R. Sloan, V. Shulz, E. Donohue, 11
Campbell, Phoebe Coyle, E. Morrissy. M. Me
Laughlln. M. Tallman, A. Dillon, N. Ryan, M
Griffen, K. Walsh. E. Kelly, N. Norton. M
Maschio. S. Mcßrearty, L. Cunningham, M
Mclaughlin, Eleanor Herlihy. A. Sullivan, N
Livingston, A. McGlnley, A. Lyne. E. Hall. C
Shelan.
Fifth Grammar Grade— Misses G. Hussey, M
Ahem, M. Foley, M. Lynch. E. McCarthy, J
Fitzgerald, M. Keegan. J. Dougherty, M. Con
roy A Miscek, I. Kelly, M. Brady, M. Fur
long G. Gainey. M. Prunty, K. O'Malley. C
Riordan, McQallan, C. Carberry, P. Copier, N
Hurley, M. Kane. F. Tully. 8. Waldron, A
Lohman. A. Ridge. M. Rosenal. N. Hurley, X
Walsh. .T. Wallace. H. Daughney. K. McGuirf
A. OLafi, T. Farrell, E. Hlldert.
Fourth Grade— Misses R. Cullen, F. Anselm
H. Flemmtng, M. Brennan, K. Lucey. M. Mil
ton. K. Sullivan, A. Regan. B. Salmon. M
Alcarne. N. Feeney, L. Kennedy. M. Curran
i Smith B. O'Connor, M. Dennis, M. Walsh
A. Farrell, B. Stevens, A. Kutcher, M. Ronan
\V. Nolan, A. Burke. N. O'Connor, G. Leahy
N. Tehaney, A. Tobin. M. Dee, M. Finn, I"
O'Connor, M. Misul, M. Benson. A. Donohue
M. Carr, N. Rowden, M Vanzance. M. White
I. Owens, T. Meahay, K. Costeilo, L. Wood, A
Smith, F. Slissman, K. O'Brien, A. Staples
E. Buckley.
. o
TRINITY SCHOOL.
The closing exercises of Trinity School
for this year were held last evening. A
large audience was present to hear ora
'ions and essays of the graduating class
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 1899.
gard to the now famous divine. He
Bpoke of the danger of criticizing- the
Bible, and dwelt <>n the importance of
Mr. Turner's advancement.
At t\\<- conclusion of his address the
Bishop ascended the chancel, where !>•■
was joined by the candidate for higher
honor. In solemn tone the Bishop ask
ed him of his vows with regar*d to the
belh f ii the doctrines of the church,
thi Inspirations of the Holy Scripture
: his obedience to the authority
of the church, all of which Mr. Turner
acquiesced in. The Bishop then placed
the stole around Mr. Turner's neck.
and after the recital of a series of
prayers the ceremony was concluded.
After Mr. Turner had been presented
ana me award <>r tne prizes was particu
larly int< ;■• sting.
The decision of the rhetorical prize .'.x
hibltion was in favor of Charles Kenyon
of the sixth form, Sellar Billiard of the
fourth form and Fred Woods of the sixth
form were awarded an honorable men
tion.
The prize students of the year are as
follows:
Head of th>> sixth form, Alanson Swain;
head of ttfth form, Aleck Curlett; hewl ■<(
fourth form, George Kline; head of thinl form.
HariiM Kelley; head <t second f.>rm. Hanson
Grubb; head of first form, Basil Van Deerlln.
>1 preparatory sch<."i Clarence Woods.
Spelliilg— Twice won by Hanson Grubb.
SjiiMiiujj, preparatory BChooi— Samuel Iloff
man.
Declaration, lower school— Harold Kelley.
Drawing Hn.nke Lowe.
Penmanship- William I'hlnney.
Medals— Th.- Babcock medal, best In I>atln.
was w.>n by Henry H. Rolfe, fourth form;
commended, Samuel Young, fifth form.
Thf> Powning medal, best in mathematics.
was won by Aleck E. I'urlPtt. fifth form; com-
I, George R. Kline, fourth form.
']'!:>• ;:•,;, rr's medal, best In English, was won
by Henry H. Rolfe, fourth form, but was
awardi I to Charles A. Kenyon, sixth form, as
Master Rolfe selected the Latin medal.
Allpn medal, best In studies In lower school,
was wen by Harold H. Kelley, third form.
The Bishop's medal, best in conduct. . whole
school, was wnn by Aleck E. rurlett, fifth
f..rm, but was awarded to Sellar Milliard,
fourth' form, ay Master Curlett had chosen the
Powning medal.
Trinity School medal, b.-st studies and con
duct in the UDDer school, won by Aleck E.
Curlett, fifth form, but was awarded to George
R Kline; fourth form. Master Curlett selecting
tho mathematical medal.
ST. IGNATIUS COLLEGE
The Fortieth annual commencement ex
ercises of St. Ignatius College in the col
lege hall last night were of the usual
high order of merit. His Grace Arch
bishop Riordan presented the retiring stu
dents with their diplomas and addressed
thorn on the responsibilities which their
future life has in store for them. He
urged upon them the necessity of labor
ious work, .which he regarded as the se
cret of success.
The degree of bachelor of arts was con
ferred. on Walter J. M. Williams (cum
I laude), Henry I). Fanning. George Golden
Fox, John N. Carrigan, .Clarence Carri
gan, Joseph G. Freechtle, Leo C. Lennon
and Wylie J. Dunn.
A feature of the programme was the
orchestra under the direction of Rev.
Father Edward Allen, composed of young
pupils of the institution. The rendition of
' the latest popular music met with the
marked favor of the large audience which
gathered in the auditorium.
The programme included some interest
i ing' electrical experiments and the exhibi
i tion of the" X rays with the elaborate ap
paratus possessed by the college.
The programme . in detail . was as fol
: lows:
j Overture. "Castelan" (Schlepegrell), "Gavin"
(Furst), College Orchestra; Introduction, "I)e
IleliKlone Scientiae trice." Hubert M.
Hussejr, rhetoric; music, "Serenade" (Tltl),
College Orchestra; lecture, "Gravity," Henry
1 I). Fanning: music, "Waltz" (Hears), College
I Orchestra; lecture, "Electrical Discharge in
Air and Vacuo,". Waller .1. M. Williams;
assistants at both lectures, C. Carrlgan, J. Car
rlgan, W. Dunne," J. Freechtle, L. Lennon;
muMc, "Clorlndy" (Marion), "L'Odasllsque"
(Kretsohmer), College Orchestra; music, "Geor-
g ia" (Mills), College Orchestra.
Following were the extraordinary prizes
awarded for prollciency in various
branches:
A gold medal, the Rift of His . Grace, the
Must Rev. Archbishop P. W. Riordan, D.U.,
for the best essay In philosophy of religion, was
awarded to Walter J. M. Williams. Next In
merit: Clarence Carrlgan, Leo C. Lennon. Ed
| ward F. O'Day, Richard L. Williams, Henry.
D. Fanning.
A cold medal, the gift of F. S. Wenslnger
Esq., for the best essay In Christian doctrine,
was awarded to Leo W. Simpson. Next in
merit: Henry A. McCarty. Edward A. Car
berry. Hubert. M. Hussey, Joseph A*. Murphy,
John T. Sullivan. ' \. .
A gold medal for the best' paper in physics
! and chemistry was awarded to Walter. J. M.
: Williams. Next In merit: Henry D. Fanning,
I Joseph I). Freechtle.
Solemn Ceremonies
Attendant Upon
Rev. J. P.Turner's
Ordination.
the holy communl >n was adrtoinistered.
Rev. Mr. Turner intends taking a
short vacation, and at its end he In
tends engaging In pardchial work in
the diocese. He graduated in 1896 from
Bishops' rollepo. Lennoxville, Quebec,
one of the reading universities of Can
ada, after which he came to the Pa
cific Coast and took a three-year di
vinity course al S in Mateo. During the
pasl year Mr. Turner has acted as pro
fessor of Latinr Greek and history at
Trinity School, and an assistant min
ister at St. John's Church. He is ex
tremely popular, and the congregation
of the church in vtrnich he was ad
vanced in hts calling are interested in
his futur.- welfare.
I A gold medal, the jHft , f ti« *
Phelan, AI? 'a tv )r L. i "• J;l "'"> D.
' Paper. was awarded to £o R1 math€matlcai
In merit: Constantino b b* Simpson, Next
A. gold medai ho " "f TTh"° h " X " Hu *hes.
Joseph' J. Murphy John T «??n" J- ?' Hara -
Simpson, Edward A Foley Sulllvan - Le ° W.
lows RU!ar PriZeS Wero ' award «> as ful-
Conduct (90 required for honorable mention)
college course-Medal: Zacheus J Maher
Premium: Leo C. Lennon. . *i-iner.
HONORABLE MENTION.
Philosophy— Michael F. Buckley, Clarence
Carrlgan, Wylie .1. Dunn, Joseph G. FreechUe
Walter J. M. Williams, John .N. CarrlKan ■
Henry D. Fanning, Edward F. O' Day st ,-
Islaus A K11..y. Richard L. Williams.
Rhetoric -I W. Simpson, Henry A Mo-
Carty William P. Golden, Louis X. r Ryan
Joseph J. Murphy. Hubert M. Jlussey, John
m' Hughes, Constantlne R. Bricca, Joseph A.
Poetry K.I ward A. Foley, Alfred J. deary
George A. Sturla. John M. Delehanty.
ACADEMY COURSE.
i Medal— Frederick Murphy. Premium— Charles
!A. Schott. Honorable mention, humanities—
Joseph M. Geary, James J. O*Hara Joseph T
- Madden, William A. Breen, Robert X Ryan
Special classics— Edward C, Murphy, Daniel T
Murphy. Owen 'ami. First Academic-
William M. Foley, George Mulligan, George
Kleineberg, Harold Turner, David .O'Keefe"
Adrian J. Rosseter, Francis J. Grennan An
thony Smith. Second Academic, Division A—
Francis I. Brazel, Robert F. Snaer, William F '
Keller, John 1. Whelan. James P. Darmody'
John Lennon, Raymond A. Wilson, James Mull
care, James J. Murphy, Charles T. McCarthy
Henry Kane, Edwin J. Breen, Enrico A
; Brusco. Second Academic, Division ]!— Neii
Mall. iy, Charles B. Musante, Michael Dower
Stephen S. Bovo, George Hyland, Peter De
| lucis, William E. Calvin, William H. Greene
; David Stevens. Robert Mullins. Third Aca
■ demic, Division A— John Fitzgerald. Emmanuel
I Hromada, John Halllhan, William Coffey, Wil-
I liam E. McCann, John Sweeney. Cornelius J
I McCoy, John Dunne, William .J. Rickard Ray
mond J. Canning. Third Academic. Division
B— Thomas Mangan, William Relterman Eu
gene Bresnean, Otto Mutter, Louis Delucchi
George Reichllne. -7 .'.
CLASS WORK.
Eighty required for distinction. College
course. Philosophy— Second year.
Philosophy of Religion— Medal, Clarence Car
rlgan: premium. Walter J. M. Williams 1 dis
tinguished, Henry D. Fanning. John N Carrl
gan, Leo C. Lennon, Joseph G. Freechtie
Moral Philosophy— Medal, Leo C. L»nnon
premium, Walter J. M. Williams; distinguish
ed, Clarence Carrigan. John N. Carrlgan Hen
ry D. Fanning, Joseph G. Freechtle.
Mathematics— Medal, Walter J. M. Williams
premium, Henry ]>. Fanning; distinguished'
Joseph G. Freechtle, John N. Carrigan Clar
ence Carrigan.
Physics— Medal. Walter J. M. Williams; pre
mium, Henry D. Fanning; distinguished, Leo
C. ' Lennon. "Wylle J. Dunn, John N. Carrigan.
Chemistry— Medal. Henry D. Fanning; pre
mium. Walter J. M. Williams; distinguished
Leo C. Lennon, 1 Wylie J. Dunn.
PHILOSOPHY— FIRST YEAR.
Philosophy of religion— Medal: Edward F
I O'Day. Premium: Stanislaus A. Rlley. Dis
tinguished: Michael F. Buckley, Zacheus J.
i Maher.
'Logic and metaphysics— Medal: Edward F.
! O'Day. Premium: Stanislaus A. Rlley. Dis
! tinguished: Michael F. Buckley, Zacheus J.
Maher.
Mathematics— Medal: Stanislaus A. Riley
: Premium: Michael F. Buckley. Distinguished:
Edward F. O'Day, /acheus J. Maher. • ■ •
Physics — Medal: Edward F. "'Day. Premi
um: Michael F. Buckley. Distinguished:
Zacbeofl J. Maher, Stanislaus A. Riley Rich
ard L. Williams.
Chemistry— Medal: Michael F. Buckley. Pre
mium: Edward F. O'Day. Distinguished:
Zacheus J. Maher.
A good new piano for $150 cash at Mau
vals', 769 Market street. ■- : •~,
HARD-HITTING
BOXERS SHOW
GREAT SPORT
Good Bouts at San
Francisco Club.
FURIOUS FIGHTING IN ORDER
MYERS STOFS THE GALLOP OF
ED SMITH OF THE IOWA.
Bert Woods Defeats William Gran
field, While William Condon
Gets the Decision Over
Dan Barry.
If Fitzsimmons and Jeffries show as
good sport in their battle for the world's
championship as was shown in each of
the live bouts at the San Francisco Ath
letic Club last night the spectators will
have hail a run for their money. There
were boxers of all weights and sizes, each
seemingly with but one object in view,
and that waa to annihilate the man in
front of him. The boxing throughout
was of the whirlwind order, and the
spectators veiled thvmHelves hoarse at
the earnestness of the men.
The principal bout was scheduled to go
ten ruunds. The contestants were L.
Myers and Ed Smith, the latter of the
[owa, and the former an ex-man-of-wars
nian. Smith fought himself to an abso
lute standstill in four rounds during
which he was on the aggressive. He
made play for the body, and landed re
peatedly, drawing a sickly smile from
Myers' face. The pace was fast from
the first tap of the gong. In the fourth
round the men followed one another all
over the ring giving Mow for blow.
Smith finally received a stiff righthander
that put him out of the game.
Deacon Jones, the diminutive colored
boxer, and James Crawford were put in
to supply the comedy element. They
omitted all fancy blows and sailed into
one another as though they wece lighting
for a kingdom. The "Deacon." who was
much smaller than his opponent, forced
the lighting, to the evident delight of the
spectators, whose shouts must have been
beard Mocks away. Referee (Jreggains
called it a draw.
The "Deacon" remained in the ring to
make a speech and thereby secured the
long end of the purse. He made a short
speech, commencing: "Ladies and qe:!tle
men: Next time I will let the booze alone
and will guarantee to make a better shew
ing." He did not get much beyond this
when silver of various denominations
commenced to drop in the ring as though
shak< -i from some cloud with a silver lin
ing. That ended the dusky gladiatoi s
speech, as he then applied nims^if assld
u< ÜBly to reaping the harvest
The bout between Ed Prendergast
and Charles Vickers showed a fclne
toscope picture of revolving arms and
bodies that went spinning about like
animated tops. No effort was made at
guarding, each man being n :h- ring iip
parently with but one obie— . and that
was to 'knock the other's block off. Ref
eree Greggains' decision was a popular
one
William Condon was given the decision
over Dan Harry after :-ix rounds of
i pirited work, during which bio >d flowed
in n < rim son stream.
One of the best bouts was between Kert
Woods a pupil of Walter "VVatson. and
William Granfield. It was give and tf.ke
thioughout. Woods playing for the body.
while* Granfield tried for the m.r.e vul
nerable point of the jaw. Moth were
clever and clean hitters, doing great ex
ecution. There was no let-up, th? men
keeping at It all the. time. Th« enl came
suddenly in the fourth round, when
\V( ods landed a right hander on the .law
that diopped Granfleld. The latter ro.led
over on his back, but was too dazed to
crei 01. his feet until the fateful ten sec-
Is had been counted.
The pymnnsium was thron-^d tc the
doors. Billy Jordan was master of cere
monies and' Alex Greggains referee. He
is a perfect "Czar" Heed in '.he rinjt, keep
ing the men up to their work and over
looking i etty fouls.
COURSING DRAW.
Open Stake of Eighty Entries at
Union Park.
The opon stake for Saturday and Sun- ;
day at Union Park was drawn last night.
There were eighty entries and forty
three prizes divided as follows: $150, $100,
175, two at $50, five at $25, ten at $12 50,
and twenty at $7 50. To-day there will be
the Experimental stake of sixty-four en
tries. Train leaves Third and Townsend
streets at 10:15 a. m. The entries are:
H. A. Deckelman's Prince George vs.
John Maher's Soubrette: Russell Al
len & Wilson's Master Claire vs. Aeneid
kennels' Pretender; D. J. Healy's For
Glory vs. 11. Lynch's Lottie M; Milo ken
nels' Miss Rabbit vs. I. F. Halten's Tic-
Tac; Kay & Trant's Cross Patch vs.
Handy & Smith's Petronius; T. Sullivan's
Maid O 1 tli" Hill vs. J. McNeil's Sports
man: D. Hooper's Bendalong vs. Larkey
& Rock's Myrtle; Hurley & Riley's O. K.
Capitol vs. Handy & Smith's Victor; Kar
tell Bros.' Ben Hur vs. H. A. Deckel
mann's Glen Roy; F. A. McComb's Motto
vs. .1. Dean's Mialmo; T. J. Harrington's
Mercy May vs. J. Diekson's Black Bess;
Russell. Allen * Wilson's Lady Emma
vs. Handy & Smith's Dauntless; D. Ford's
Bonita vs. J. P. Thrift's Forget; J. Per
ry's Commodore Nash vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Flyaway; O'Neil & Hanrahan's
Mercury vs. J. P. Farley's Cashday; F.
Mo rail's Snapshot vs. J. P. Thrift's St.
Michael; H. A. Deckelman's Pat Klrby
vs. H. E. Allen's Menlo; G. J. Panario's
High Flyer VS. Rlncon kennels' Ski;
Russell, Allen & Wilson's Lady Clair vs.
T. Butler's Susie; H. F. Anderson's Craw
ford Braes vs. W. C, Glassen's Terrorite;
Kay & Trant's Christmas Day vs. D. J.
Healy's Magpie M; Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal vs. Milo kennels' Victor
King; H. A. Deckelman's Lawrence vs.
A. .lohnstone's Tod Sloan; Lowe &
Thompson's Patria vs. J. Burns' Eleven
Spot; Milo kennels' Rock Island King vs.
Bartel Bros. 1 Mac's Melody; Handy &
Smith's Ben Bolt vs. Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Orin: M. Lerdon's Magnetto vs.
J Jones' Galivant; J. Burns' Olympus vs.
J. Murnane's Wolf Tone; J. T. Swift's
Thrift vs. Kay <fc Trant's Innesfallen; F.
A. McComb's Flush vs. T. F. Logan's
Miss Grizzle; J. O'Shea's Young America
vs. .1. Carroll's Log Boy; T. J. Riley's
Warship vs. H. Pinkham'a Newsboy: E.
M Kellogg's Sweet Emma vs. M/Len
don's Sharkey; Handy & Smith's Twin
City Girl vs. Larkey & Rock's Liberty
Bell; Milo kennels' Rock Island Boy vs. i
Handy & Smith's Victor Queen; P. Bro
Alaska Commercial Company.
FOR ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting there with our own vessels for
GAPE NOME, UN BAY, DAN,
And all points on the Yukon River. The new, magnificently fitted, FIRST-
CLASS STEAMSHIP
BERTHA,"
Now lying at Folsom-street. "Wharf No. 2, will sail POSITIVELY ON
JUNE Bth AT 2 7VY.,
To be followed at intervals of about two weeks by Steamers "ST. PAUL" and
"PORTLAND."
- For particulars as to freight and. passage apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
>■ *, 310 SANSOME STREET, San Francisco, CaL
phy's Benicla Boy vs. Aeneid kennels'
Van Knapp; Kelly & Hanley's Baby King
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez' Santiago; Pasha
kennels' Rings Around vs. Dennis & Por
ter's The Devil; Handy & Smith's Ter
rona vs. E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore;
F. Moran's Golden Russet vs. O. J. Ol
sen's Sunburst.
This afternoon at I'nion Coursing Park
the first midweek coursing event ever held
in America will come off. The Experi
mental stake, composed of sixty-four en
tries, will be the card, and some good
hounds will leave the slips. Owing to the
large number of dogs which have been
crowded oft the open stake cards, the
directors of the park have concluded to
devote every Thursday henceforward to
the sport, that all owners may profit by
their possession of dogs.
FLAG PRESENTATION.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge Places a
Standard in the Keeping of
Canton No. 5.
On the 11th of last May. during the
session of the Grand Lodge of Odd Fel
lows. Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90
served a lunch to the delegates and an
nounced that "the proceeds would be
used for some purpose, but that was a
mystery." That mystery was solved last
night in memorial hall of the Odd Fel- j
lows' building in the presence of a very :
largC number of ladies and gentlemen.
At 10 o'clock Canton San Francisco No.
5. Patriarchs Militant, entered th< hall.
and when the members in their gay uni
form came to attention a curtain at the ;
head of the hall was drawn and there .
was a tableau representing Columbia, i
Miss Abbie E. Ewing holding in her hand
a beautiful silk American flap, while by
her side stood Captain Rrookell. repre
senting the United States army. Marvin
Kellogg the navy, Miss Klizabeth Stella
Shaw as Rebekah and Richard Scott rep
resenting Lincoln's "Greatest Thought— |
the Colored Race." Miss Ewing then in
a few well chosen remarks said that Ori
ental Rebekah Lodge recognized what
the Canton had done for the order, and
Oriental Lodge had decided to get up a |
mysterious lunch to raise funds to pur
chase a nag for the Canton, and she then :
placed it in the keeping of the patri
archs. .
Captain Flint, the commander, received ,
it and in a short speech returned thanks. I
Three cheers were given for Oriental and
then followed short addresses by promi
nent members of the order and dancing
until midniglit.
FRED HERMAN KLEINE
ASPHYXIATED BY GAS
PAID WITH HIS LIFE FOR A
THOUGH x LESS MOMENT.
He Turned Off the Gas and Inad
vertently Turned It on Again
Before Going to Sleep.
Gas asphyxiation claimed another vic
tim last Tuesday night in the person of
Frederick Herman Kleine, a retired car
penter residing with his family at 32 La
pidge street, between Eighteenth and
Nineteenth.
His wife slept in an adjoining room, and I
when she called him for breakfast yes- j
terday morning she found his door un- j
locked, and on opening it was almost
overcome by the suffocating fumes. Her
husband was cold in death. He was lying
in bed in a natural position and the stop
cock of the gas fixtures was, partly turned
en.
The fixtures were in good order and it
is difficult to understand how Mr. Kleine
could have turned off the gas and turned
it on again without being more than us
ually careless.
But there were absolutely no indica
tions of suicide. The clothing of the dead
man was math' folded and placed on a
chair by the side of the bed. He retired
on the previous evening in the best of
spirits, and It is not believed by his
friends that he had even for a moment
harbored a thought of suicide.
Kleine was a native of Germany. 51 years
old. He owned the house occupied by
himself and family and was in comforta
ble circumstances, having retired from
active business some years ago. His chil
dren are a boy and a girl. 1"> and 12 years
old respectively. The deceased was a
member of Germania Lodge, Knights of
Honor. An inquest will be held.
Gertrude Atherton's new story,
1 "Cupid the Golden," be in next
Sunday's Call.
VETERAN GUARD AT
THE BANQUET BOARD
OLD TIMEHS DISCUSS THE WAR
AND A GOOD DINNER.
Colonel A. D. Cutler in a Touching
Speech Pays Tender Tribute to
Departed Days and Comrades.
Thp eleventh annual banquet of the
Veteran National Guard of California at
the Occidental last evening was in every
way a success. Not one of the "Old
Guard" wan mis.sine from the board, and
there was everything- there in the way of
viands, wines and mu.sio they could de
sire. Adjutant General Seamans, newly
appointed by Governor Gage, was the
only guest present not a member of the
association.
ma ruler George R. Sanderson a.ct-i]
las toastmaster and was particularly
lhappy in the selection of his topics. Col
loi-pI G. \V. Grannls answered the first,
P'Thc Veteran National Guard of Cali
fornia." Walter Kelley of Company H of
the First Infantry rose to the "Volun
teers of 1898 from the National Guard of
California." General Dickinson spoke of
"The New National Guard of California"
and Colonel H. P. Bush spoke gallantly
for the "Ladies," of whom none were
j.rt sint.
Ttie last of the list. "Departed Days and
I'lmrades." was touchinply responded to
Iby Colonel A. D. Culler. Among- those
I who were present were General John i
I Howston. Colonel W. H. Little. Colonel ;
i George W. Grannls, Colonels Taylor and
Burns, General J. Howell, Lieutenant <"<>i
onel Kurdirk. Major Grimwood, Captain
Pike and Captain Jonn Klein.
Trunks moved, 2f>c; freight transferred. Sig
nal Transfer Co.. 030 Joni-s; tel. Sutter 441.
ROSE M. STACK DEFEATED.
Judge Seawell Decides That She Can
not Regain Her Position.
Judgment for the Board <>f Education
and against Rose M. Stark, a teacher in
the Buena Vistii Primary School, was or
dered filtered by Judge Seawell yesterday
afternoon. Miss Stack was appointed as
a teacher in the school mentioned in De
cember last, but in the general shake-tip
occurring: last February was remov- d
and placed on the unassigned list. She
brought suit to recover her position, but
the board answered the suit and set forth
that the class presided over by the plain
tiff had been abolished in the Interest of
• conomy. The court held that the action
of the board was within the law, and
hence entered judgment for the defendant.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
nr without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
j SILKS, i
• Extraordinary Silk selling T
! • here. Our efforts and our |
• sales have far surpassed our *
' own expectations. Marked •
I reductions for •
! To-Day at 10 o'clock *
• and until sold, 1
c Taffetalines i
1 in a good assortment of..
I . colors.
If •
j Foulard Silks
I in navy and white effects, i
• •
Fancy Figured Silks. I
I Good designs and colors — *
T pure silk. •
• 39C yard. J
+ BULLDOG BELTS.!
© t
I Latest New York Novelty — #
i Tsc, $1.00, $1.50 i
I I Mexican Carved Leather •
• Belts—* . |
• 50c, 75c, $1.00 •
1 Kid Gloves. ;
' • The "Danton," a standard I
' 9 dollar glove. The tans and y
Il' reds are gone. The other f
I colors, including blacks, re- •
I main. Why not save a 1
• f quarter? X
2 75c I
i— . 4
? Trimmed Hats i
T Reduced from $3.50, $4.50 ?
7 and $5.00 to •
• $2.00. o
i
I Untrimmed Shapes. •
• Leghorns — Children's Flats,
• 25c, ?
* Weinstock,!
I Lubin I
I; & co., ;
[1 Market and Taylor Streets. •
i >
m • m .«-•-• • • * • •
Hotel Empire
BROADWAY (formerly Boulevard)
And 63d STREET. NEW YORK CITY.
FURNISHED IN A BEAUTIFUL AND
HOMELIKE MANNER.
NOTED FOR THE EXCELLENCE
OF ITS CUISINE AND
SERVICE.
ACCESSIBLE MODERN
FIREPROOF.
An extensive library of choice literature has
just been added.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERTS EVERY EVENING.
Delightfully and Conveniently Located, within
ten minutes of the Amusement and Shopping
RATES MODERATE.
American and European Plans.
Write for our book, "The Empire Illustrated,'*
and other particulars.
W. JOHNSON QUINN, Proprietor,
■♦-©-•■©-♦•©-♦- O-«-O-»-O -♦- ©■♦-©-♦■©■♦-©■♦-O-*-O-«|
▲ 4.
o LW, JMLMiIL x ..jjiimii.mjjM *
nilTlllIrl;
! ♦ Si Natural Mineral Water ?
♦ jHBi known for centuries and *
O SUSSm imported q
♦ /^SJJL ONLY IN BOTTLES. ♦
♦ $ma3tfL or Disordered Stomach ♦
t iSjsSptg&is an<^ Indigestion. ?
9 gfr^;--^wa j ts value has been testi- o
♦ ffi^^y?"^ fled t0 by thousands. ♦
I ♦ VICHY** 1 So-called Vichy In Sy- ?
♦ &^Wji IS NOT VICHY - ♦
♦ ' fii-r^sLll Get the Genuine. °
5 §SlP^ii|li3 Your physician Q
♦ Kil|s4it<KH will recommend It. ♦
? JgaMMjOHA YI&NIEH Diitrlhntiag Agent °
■*-O-*-Q-*-O-^O-*-O-*-O ■♦- o*-0-»-0 -♦-O-»-O-*-O-«>;
000000000000000000
Irs* PALACE '"Pi
°CRAND HOTE^ S %
-' SAW FItANCiaCO. q
™ Connected by a covered passageway. **
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached. **
' O Alt Under One Management. Q
0 NOTE TES raiOESt O
0 EhiropeanPlan.Sl.oo per day and upward Q
I -k American Plan. s3.OO per day And upward A
' " Correspondence Solicited. vf
! 0 JOHN 0. EISKPATSICE. B»n»g.r. Q
000000000000000000
DUMCMLTY.
: riTHIS WELL-KNOWS AND RELIABLEOLD
! i. Special istcwrea Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
j poses 0/ Men only. ■Book on Private Diseases und
Wenk:iesBPS of Men. free. Over 20y'r»' experience.
Patients curedat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to 3 daily to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, in to 12. Consul-
tation free sacredly confidential. Cull.oraddresa
P. KOWC»r. SlcXllliTY, M.D.
26!^ Rearny St., Kan Francisco. CaL
/fIBVDEWEY.STRONG &CO.^??V
vj JPATENTsf i)
Xi^ r 33U MARKET ST. S.F.VfaS^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THK
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
> ■trengtb to sexual organ*. pepot, 323 MarkaU
56
THURSDAY. JUNE 8, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU.. S. F
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DEIirVER.KD BY CARRIERS. 10 CENTS PER WEEK.
Finple Copiff. 5 cents.
TVrros by Mi.il, Including J-v<tnfr»:
DATLT CALL (inclu<lin»c Sunday Call), on* y»-ar $<J.O»>
PA7LY CALL (including Sunday Call), 6 months .. 3.00
DAILY CALL t tr.clueins Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single v -:.th «r>o
SUNDAY CALL Oro Yi>ar XJ6O
WKHKLY CALL, One Year l-<»<>
All pi>3tm&^ter3 are authorized to receive eubscriptlona.
Eample copies will be forwarded when r«Kjuented.
OAKLAND OFFICE 903 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C. GEO. KHOGNESS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON r>. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Bolldinft
C. GEORGE KWOGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay
open until 9:30 o'c:cc<. 337 .Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 21 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- - : 5 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clocK
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
»trect. corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock- £53
i.Msston street, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 PolK street. op«n
until 9:50 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
KentucKy streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
: ; :es of Fenzance" and "I'Pm-
■
■
heater Vaudeville every efter-
• . . • Specialties.
• b —Bat
T
AUCTION SALES.
a. m.,
, v ■■ :-.::iery.
COMMERCE AND SHIPPING.
Dm Wichita announce that the
Trans- issembled in that
irity resolu
n designed to promote our
■ • ■ arine. The resolutions recommend a grant
American-built mail carrie:
1 nt to enable them to compete with
:ed ships of foreign countries, and un
■ tl c prevailing sentiment of the
f the Gn t West
•■d evidences are to be found on every
the rapid expansion of our commerce and of
. The war with
ir from check- - mmerce, has
■crease it by increasing stige in
[s. In that way the war has served as an
advert! t for us and has caused an enlarged de
man': " ' our industry.
That view of the subject has been very well stated
by Jar. - ing through the San
ign as a private soldier, made an exten
'.l Europe. In speaking of his
vations Mr. Astor said in a recent interview: "The
the United States
the Continental nations than anything . else
could have done. I': ts | pie tell me that
until we whipped the Spaniards their idea of the
United States was th in country, so to
with no influence abroad, either politically or
; illy. American manufacturers of electrical
and mechanical devices, machinery and the like, are
to be overrun with orders from the Continent.
Everywhere I went I was asked about the accom
if the United States in the line of inven
tion and development."
• the increasing demand for our products is
benefit to us, we do not reap the full profit of
_ ls the great bulk of our foreign commerce
is carried in foreign ships. In a recent speech Senator
;ed that we are paying foreigners upward
ocean transportation, an< ;
c the figures much higher. Tl
nient of such sums day after day constitutes a heavy
upon the profit trade and leaves us at the
the year much less rich than we should be.
Whil 'era is one which concerns every sec
tion of the Union, it 1- of especial importance to the
t. and was therefore rightly taken up by
the Tra -sippi Congress. The upbuilding of
nt marine will mean more to the West
than to the East, because the expansion of our com
in the immediate future will be mainly in the
Pacific. Ocean. The openii hina to foreign
timulus to commerce that
. pect to s*e. That commerce, so
far as tl erned, musi be chiefly
carric' icific ports, and it is American
the globi ■ ■ re, which
principal^ ' ent.
In tl eech at New York Senator
ur merchant
■ in other benefit- than that of
■. 1 'aid t' ■ ■ - for trans
our commerce in our own
ships, he said, "v I make of I ers of
• ; ■ -ted agents
for the discovery of new markets and the promotion
mplish it does cost us
0 • ■ ly, ■ there not b< an pfe compen-
*Thi ;■' requires an answer. If any
were 1 eded it ■•• given by the Trans-Mis
■
lare the spring fro I
■ to lay
but inasmuch n could
1 • le blossom it is clear the language has
: ; ration than i
a hort;
dy for the celebration
July, and among the reports that will
be day jubilant there should be one announcing
• sum has been raised to assure the
early er< I th< Dewey monument
afa and h t seem to be successes
as rebel-, but, ji m the prices they are ob
taining from the powers foi . arms, they would
make rapid fortunes as junk dealers.
early the only pebble on the
beach at Devils Island when the dispatch boat Goe
l.md bore t<? him the official notification of the deci
sion oi-thi Court on.
It takes no prophet to predict that the hardest' blow
that will he landed during the course of the coming
. onions-Jeffries fight will be on the public
tocketbook.
STREET RAILWAY BONDS AND STOCK
OX Monday last, in its editorial columns, The
Call, so far as possible from available infor
mation, published a full statement of the con
- dition in' the outstanding bonds of the Market Street
.•.;>>• Company and of six other railway corpora
tions that were absorbed by that consolidation Oc
tober 13, 1893. From that statement it appeared that,
thorized issue to the amount of $17,500,
--000, the Market Street Railway Company had ac
sued bonds representing $4,817,000. all of
which had been used for additional acquisitions and;
for new construction, and that the bonds of the six
defunct companies taken by themselves remained ex
■ . (Mi their original footing, while the securities on
! which each is=nc depended, subject to the pre-existing
. had been transferred.
The fluctuations in Wall street and in other financial
center-, including San Francisco, where there are 1
frequent and large transactions in bonds and stocks.
■c the necessity of extremely conservative treat
j tnent of their values. But the investing publicis cer
-1 tainly entitled to accurate knowledge of the facts upon
; which these transactions depend, so that innocent per
sons may be saved from risks that, if fully informed,
they would be unwilling to assume.
The Market Street Railway Company is a consoli
'i of eleven corporations that existed before it
was formed. The financial standing of the principal
ers of its stock is beyond dispute. They are ,
v able to respond to their personal liability under j
* Stitution and laws of this State or to any 1
: equitable responsibility that may ultimately fall upon
But the consolidation itself has no other j
property than street railways and franchises mostly de
rived from its eleven predecessors, and six of them
charged with indebtedness, exclusive of interest, to
: the amount of $7.0.^5.000. These franchises will ex
: pire at different periods during the first third or there
abouts of the twentieth century, and, under the new ;
j charter, where genuine competition is assured upon :
terms much more favorable to the municipality than
J under the existing law. and where also the policy of
the acquisition of public utilities is enforced, there is j
I no certainty that they will be renewed at all or that ;
: any renewals that may be secured will leave them in
: the hands of their present holders.
In its trust mortgage of June 12, I^o4. the Market
Street Railway Company agreed, as rapidly as prac- !
I ticable, to restore the outstanding bonds of the com- '
panics it had succeeded with its own bonds. The fact
that the original bonds are now on the market shows
that this has not been done, although more than five
years has elapsed. The situation, therefore, is Tin
questionably dangerous. The value of the securities
originally given for the protection of these bonds
necessarily depreciate- day by 'lay. And, in addition
to this fact, they are in the hand- of the Market
street combination ai ti ltrol and to its
! manipulation. One method, of manipulation now
■ 'ace is simply ruinous. The
identical property which stand-, .-(part from the gtiar
. of the Market street consolidation, if its trust
s the diminishing secur
ity ■ ■ 00, has also been put up to proi
new indebtedness, of which $10,465,000
til new purchases and new construction
■ ' • pments, and all mature in io-'4. To!
: provide for the ■' these 1" king ;
fund \~ to be originated in [918, which, at the r. I.'1 .'
Sino.ooo per annum, cannot produce more than Sono,- ;
; 000 by the time the new bon ' ■ ut of
; the receipt> of the property and franchises, which in
clude the total mori ■ urity for $7.0^5.000. and
irity for the present issue of new bonds
: already mentioned and of any further use of these
bonds to the extent that they an ssued, the
Market Si ilway Company is distributing
ing the holders of [86,170 shares 1 pita!
'•:. in the form of dividends, $446,808 per annum,
which by V 124 would aggregate 0n.170.200. In ad
dition, therefore, to all, the other elements of depre
ciation to which we ha\ 1 the franchises
which communicate actu 1 I value to street rail
way approaching n, the money
that would provide for bond redemption, if turned
(into a sinking fund, i- being steadily diverted to the
nihi: ■ ; stock value 1 ;.
The Huntington monopoly has boldly assumed the
position that it is governed by no rule but its own
will. In this instance it appear- to have gone too
: far. If any reiiance can be placed upon facts and
figures,, unless there are concealed or unknown ar- ;
jements by which they are controlled, there is no ,
stantial basis whatever for the outstanding street,
railway bonds now under consideration, and the in
■ deliberate purpose to leave bund
tors uli itely in the lurch and dependent upon
tion than thai supposed to have been ac
: corded by the upon which they have a legal
right to rely. When tin- securities have been dive-ted
ut al! value except the property remnants that survive ,
the exiting franchises, the bulk of the indebtedness
will have behind it only the personal liability of stock
holder- and such equitable relief as the peculiar man
en t of the mom. poly may justify.
When the Market Street Railway Company lately
supposed itself to have anticipated the new charter
; and to have corruptly secured a network of new
; franchises and privileges that would cover the prin
j cipa! unoccupied parts of San Francisco it had cvi- ;
, deiitly discovered .a method of extrication from its
bond dilemma by stealing enough property to enable
it to pursue its present methods of appropriating its
' revenues and at the same time to provide for the out
standing indebtedness, with an enormous additional
A more transparently infamous scheme
was never devised. An analysis of the facts demon;
-; strates the reason for the desperate attempt to con- j
centrate influence and to 'educe property-owners, by
false pretenses, into an apparent indorsement of the
robbery. The corrupted Supervisors understood per- '
[ectly the extent to which they were sacrificing the
municipal interests at the demand of the railroad.
Several of them have already stated in effect that un
<3ci the new charter street railway bonds could not be
floated with success, and. therefore, they argue Mr.
'Huntington. and not San -Francisco, should be pro- 1
tected. The position of an honest Supervisor would- 1
•li that he is not called upon to supply the deficiencies
or to rectify the errors or the frauds or to promote |
the illegitimate speculation-, of this unholy consolida
tion, which has become a nuisance to decent citizen
[ ship. *
There i- no reason, not both fraudulent and cor
rupt, why the Market Street Railway Company should
not be governed by the same principles and by the
same rules applied to ordinary .citizens. Let it take
it:- unclean hands off the government of this great
city. Let it pay its debt> out of its own resources i
and not out of the remaining municipal property. Let
! I it fulfill its written pledge by issuing its own bonds
j for the amalgamated indebtedness it has assumed and !
apply a sufficient proportion of its receipts, now di
verted into dividends, to a sinking fund adequate to |
the redemption of its obligations when they mature, i
Admiral Dewey does not propose to be lionized by
the Eritish. He prefers to wait and be eagleized by
lhis fellow countrymen. j
TITE SAN FBASTCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 1899.
THE LAKES OF KILLARNEY.
IN the higher mountains of Siskiyou County, in this
State, notwithstanding the different surroundings,
it is possible to find suggestions of the Lakes of
Killarney. Perched on the edge of a rugged ascent,
in the midst of dense foliage, a small lake, called
Lalita, reposes in quiet beauty, which resembles the
upper lake of the Killarney chain. On a rough and
unfrequented trail between Castle Lake and Gumboot
Lick, in the center of a dense forest, with tall trees
bending over its dark and placid waters, is another
| lake of limited area, which to the traveler recalls the
scene so famous in Iri-.h song and story.
The commingled grandeur and loveliness of the
mountain scenery lying around Mount Shasta, with
its towering pinnacles of snow, and extending from
the head of the McCloud to the sources of the Sacra
mento and the Trinity rivers, has been desecrated by
the vandals of transportation and of manufacture. A
broad stretch of almost unequaled attractions, where
the glittering trout leap in a hundred shaded brooks,
where antiered monarchs in deepest solitude prepare
for their winter nuptials, where the bear fatten on
luscious clover and juicy berries and the rich nuts
that fall from the overloaded trees, has been turned
from its natural use into a scarified memorial of mod
ern covetousness.
But this atrocious vandalism will not compare with
the proposed invasion of Killarney by the pot
boilers of cheap amusements, with the sanction of the
Earl of Kenmare, and presumptively to meet his fam
ily necessities. If on the face of the globa there is a
spot exquisite in itself and bathed in the glories of
legendary and authentic history, it is the Lakes of Kil
larney, the very names of which are filled with liquid
music. They lie within the. compass of a few miles,
deeply imbedded in mountains that rise abruptly
from the water's edge. Lough Learne. studded with
wooded islands, bears on its bosom the ruins of an
old fortress of the O'Donoghues, the remains of
Finnan Abbey and the "sweet Innisfallen" of Thomas
Moore. On the '-haded passages to Lough Tore, the
second of the scries, is Muckross Abbey, built by the
Franciscans more than five centuries ago, and still
; retaining the impress of an artistic conception. The I
| upper and most secluded lake is the smallest of the ;
ithree, covering only 430 acres, but it is so closely!
shut in by the adjoining mountains that it flashes like •■
an emerald in midnight darkness.
In the worm Irish heart the image of this treasure
of nature, over which has been spread the subtle
charm of ancient myth and of rhythmic melody, is a !
perpetual memory. It is not surprising that the threat- i
ened obtrusion of modern barbarism, the civilization '
of the dollar, into this home of sentiment and of
tenderness, has touched Irish sensibility to the quick,
in order to perpetuate its identity and its in
fluence, has resulted in a practical effort to outbid
Mammon. Our news dispatches show that the
movement has instantaneously attracted the only kind
of sympathy that can prove effective, and that con- j
tributions are pouring in that will preserve the pic
ture and its antique setting — the pure mirrors of the
■ inclosed by dense foliage and green forests, j
while —
Over-streamed and silvery-streaked,
With many a rivulet high against the sun,
Th' facet •:' the glorious mountains flash.
NOT A SECTIONAL SPEAKER.
SOME slight attempt has been made on the At
lantic seaboard to stamp the candidacy of Mr.
Henderson for Speaker a? sectional.
Perhaps no candidate for the place has been less
■ alist than he.
requires that where the strength of
the party lie- there should he the expression of its
choice for Speaker, if those who have the power and
se to exercise it.
When the Democrats carried the House in 1874.
the firsl " ■ 'I 1 *. 1 war, they owed their victory
to ch-inpcs in the West, and though the South had a
ority of the members, that section would have
been except for the West. In recognition
of this the Speakership went to Michael C. Kerr of
Indiana, the ablest man his party has ever had in the
He died' not long after assuming the office,
and. there being no other in the West of stature re
quired for the place, it went to Randal! of Pennsyl
vania.
The Republicans have had two Western Speakers,
Colfax of Indiana and Keifer of Ohio. Now the
might of the party is so definitely in the West that
those who represent it have chosen to indicate their
wish, not for a section, hut for the party and the j
country.
Mr. Henderson is the beneficiary of that choice,
and that his election will he for The party's good no
rv( r can deny. Already the evidence is abroad
that he i- tr in the East as in the West, and
Genera! Bingharn of Pennsylvania, who was expected
to have been his competitor, goes over to his stan
<r.rd as an ally, carving twenty votes with him.
Henderson represents t<> an exalted degree the stal
wart Western feeling winch is the country's highest
inspiration. He was hardly a voter when he left a
leg on the hattiehcld at Pittsburg Landing, and he
and Colonel Thompson of the New York Highland
ers were the only two who hardly waited for their
stumps to heal and for nature to store up blood in
place of that they spilled to go hack into the army
and lead regiments to the end of the war.
Recent martial events have in no way dimmed the
valorous achievements of such men in the great |
battles, where more men were killed in one day than
have been in the rank- in all our junior war.
All the more that the sting of feeling has been
drawn out of the history of that far time do the peo
ple seem to appreciate the mighty things done then.
Surely the Northern enthusiasm which greets General
Joe Wheeler, the Confederate cavalry leader, and
Mosby, the Navarre and Murat combined of the
Southern army, can rise to so full a tide as to reach
this grizzled veteran of the Union army and give him
as a reward for his military and civil service to hi*
country the leadership of the House.
The experts who predicted a prolonged fight over
th? Speakership of the coming House of Represen
tatives are already hedging their prophecies, for it
now looks as if Henderson would virtually have it
before Congress meets.
Colonel Bryan says it takes as much courage to
fight trusts in this country as it did to storm the
heights around Santiago, which is only a rhetorical
v ;,\ of saying the colonel himself is a bigger man
than Roosevelt.
Some enterprising gentlemen have challenged the
French to an automobile race to be held in this coun
try within the near future, so we are to have another
: international complication <>n our hands before long.
One of the most satisfactory accomplishments of
the time is the promptness and the efficiency with
: which the report of the Beef Inquiry Court has been
canned, embalmed and buried.
What is the matter with Hanna? Some say it is
rheumatism, others that it is Foraker,
CITY OF PUEBLA
AND ZEALANDIA
MUSTERED OUT
These Transports No
Longer Needed.
FORMAL VISITS EXCHANGED
MBS. W. 0. GRIGSBY WANTS TO
AVENGE HER WRONGS.
A Beautiful Army Wedding Solemn
ized Yesterday in the Chapel at
the Presidio— Batery B
Soon to Be Here.
The anxious -waiting of the Pacific
Const Orrj.-iental and Oriental Steamship
companies is at an end. In a short whil^
these two companies will have returned
to them by the Government two trans- :
ports. The vessels in question are the !
City of Pufbla and the Zealandiai The
fate of these two. transports has been
hang-ing in the balance for the past ten
days, and the companies believed the
Government would still retain them. In
a short time the vessels will again be
ready for their regular runs with their
respective lines. Yesterday Lieutenant
Colonel Long, the depot quartermaster,
received, instructions from the War De- i
partment to discharge both transports. '
The Puebla belongs to the Pacific Coast
and the Zealandia to the Occidental and
< Mental Company. Majors J. M. Thomp
son and Hugh J. Gallagher and First
Lieutenant John P. Hams have been ap
pointed a board of survey to act with
the owners of the two ships In connec
tion with the removal from the trans
ports of all property of the United States !
that the Government has placed upon
these transports as fittings. The board
will sec that the vessels are in the same
condition as when chartered nefore turn
ing them over to their companies.
Formal courtesies were exchanged yes- '
terday between Captain Betberter of the
Argentine. Republics training-ship Pres
ld( tite Sarmiento and the officials of thin
department. In the morning Captain No
ble, representing Major Gent ral Shafter,
formally called upon Captain i-tt:
lie was in full dress uniform, and wae
received with all due honors when he
boarded the Presidente Sarmiento. He
was received by Captain Betbeder, and j
spent some time with him in his cabin, j
Promptly al •': o'clock in the afternoon
the visit was returned by the captain,
who was received by Lieutenant Colonel
Babcock, the adjutant general of the de
partment. When General Shafter returns,
which will be to-morrow, Captain Betbe
<i. r, being his junior, will call upon him
and pay hia r< spe< is. and the general will
i<-'turn til"- call.
Mrs. Mary Grigsfeyi the Brsf ana legal
wife of Sergeant Willis O. Grigsby, who
is held by the authorities for having more
Than his lawful share of wives, called at
department headquarters yesterday, ac
companied by her brother, \V. H. i
ner. They came from St. Helena, Napa
County, and -m- in Bearch of certain evi
dence against the sergeant which will
only serve to make it warmer for him.
Caatner s that his sister married
Grigsby in Facramento in 1^72. T.as' April
the sergeant \v<--nt to St. Helena to visit
his wife. He then came to this city and
Bent his wife $60. A few days later he'
wired her that he was si<-k at the Golden
West Hotel and requested her to send,
him $2^. Th- 1 money was sent by tele
graph, and Mrs. Grigsby also requested
to lie allowed to come down in order that
she might care fur her husband. The!
sergeant wired her that it was not neces
sary, as In' was better, and the same
■ g he used the borrowed money in
order to marry his third wife. Castner i
says that Grigsby has borrowed money
from his aunt-in-law, and he believes
that h>- owes a great deal of borrowed
money to many persons. He also thinks
that he has evidence that will show that
the sergeant, altered his discharge papers
in order to deceive his rirst wife, so that
he might be able to escape some of the
financial obligations that he owed her
family.
Companies O and L of the Seventh Tn
fantry, which are to go as the command
of Colonel Hay to Alaska, have arrived
.it Benlcla Barracks. Company A of the
same regiment may be added to th<
pedition. This company is row at Fort
McPherson, Georgia. There is now no
longer any ch.ince of the Third Artillery
having to go to the north. The order de- i
tailing Battery I. Captain Henry C.
Danes, has been revoked. Battery Bof
the Third Artillery leaves Fort Mon
roe to-day, and upon its arrival here will
take temporary station at Angel island.
Lieutenani L. R. Holbrook, Fourth Cav
alry, was married to Miss Henrietta Cof
fln of Boise. Idaho, yesterday in the
chapel at the Presidio by Chaplain Oliver
P. Miller. The edifice was beautifully
decorated for the occasion, and the wed
ding was a typical army one in all its '
aspects. The wedding march was played
by the Fourth's band. The bride was
given away by her brother, Craig Coffin.
She was attended by Miss Faulke as her I
maid of honor. Lieutenant Munro was j
the best man for ih^ groom. The ofll
cers wore their full dress uniforms, while
the bride was clad In a traveling. gown
of brown cloth. Lieutenant and Mrs.
Holbrook have left for a short trip. The
voting officer is under orders to snil for
Manila in the near future. His bride will
follow him in the fall.
Captain Robert H. R. T.oughbornugh.
Twenty-fifth Infantry, has been ordered
to Fort Bliss. Texas, to join his regiment.
Major Edward Field, Second Artillery.
who has been critically ill, has been
granted a. leave of absence for one month I
from the 27tli of this month upon a sur- ;
geon's certificate of disability, with a
permission to apply for an extension of
one month.
Guy K earns, of the casual detachment,
died at the general hospital at the Pre
sidio on Tuesday night of cerebro spinal
meningitis._
CONDUCTORS WILL PICNIC
IN SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS
First Annual Reunion and Family
Excursion of the
Order.
The first annual picnic and family ex
cursion of the Order of Railway Conduc
tors of the Pacific Coast will be held
' "Wednesday, June 21, at Sunset Park, in
| the Santa Cruz Mountains. It is Intend
i ed to make the affair a general reunion
of conductors and their friends, and un
derthe auspices of El CaplEan Division
Nil 115, it bids fair to !>.> one of the most
enjoyable occasions of the year.
A good band nas been engaged, and as
there will lie nn liquor of any description
: sold on the ground, it is expected thnt the
1 pleasure of the day will be of a nature
I that will attract none but well-behaved
i people, who will take part in the pro
gramme of gamee -<nd dancing thai Inw
been arranged by the committee.
The committee of arrangements is com
posed nf c. I>. Plumps of the North Pa
cific Coast, \V. J. Hunter of the Cali
fornia and Northwestern. George Smith
i of the fnast Division of the Southern Pa
-1 cilic, George Colgrove of the South Coasi
! Division of the Southern Pacific and Ed
I Dillon, general yardrnaster of Oakland,
! representing the Western division of the
! Southern Pacific.
The start will he made from the ferry
landing at the foot of Market street on
the narrow-gauge bout at 8:46 and a stop
will be made ;it Park Street, Alameda.
Returning, trains will leave the park
at 5 and 5:30 r>. m. Tickets for the excur
sion and picnic will be sold at $1 each.
Story of the richest clergyman in
i the world, in next Sunday's Call.
AN INCENDIARY
OPERATING ON
GEARY STREET
Two Suspicious Fires
in a House.
THE SECOND IS SUCCESSFUL
BOTH BUILDING AND CON
TENTS OVER-INSURED. •
Fire Marshal Towe Is Making a
Thorough Investigation Into
the Affair, but With Little
Hope of Success.
Fire Marshal Towe is investigating a
suspicious fire that occurred about 2
o'clock yesterday morning at 2406 Geary
street, an old, one-story shack house, oc- |
cupied by Gustav Haft, a partner in a j
saloon at 431 Bush street, and his wife.
They came here from Minnesota about |
two months ago.
The house was totally destroyed by fire ;
early yesterday morning, but there are j
circumstances that lead jo the suspicion j
that an Incendiary was at work. So far I
the Fire Marshal has not been able to ar- j
rive at a satisfactory solution of the mat
ter.
He had both Haft and his wife at his
office yesterday and subjected them to a
rigid examination. Their stories agreed in ,
every essential particular. They said they
left the bouse Sunday afternoon and went
to the Balopn, where they remained till !
about 3 'o'clock Monday morning. They
started for home then, walking all the
■nay, and on arriving they found the inte- ,
riof of the house on fire. They succeeded !
in putting the fire out without much dam
age being done.
Haft did not return to the house after
Monday morning, and his wife remained
there Tuesday In the hope that the insur
ance agent with whom they had insured
their furniture and effects for $500 would
turn up and see what damage had been
done, but he failed to make' his appear
ance. Neither he nor his wife had been
at the house since Tuesday evening, and :
when his wife went to the house yester
day morning she was surprised to find it
totally destroyed.
There is no question in the Fire Mar
shal's mind that the house was burned to
the ground by an incendiary. He finds
that Haft's furniture and effects were in- j
sured for $S"W. but he is satisfied that so
far as the furniture was concerned $.V>
would have covered the amount, but Mrs.
Haft assured him that her jewelry and
personal effects would have more than |
covered the amount of the insurance.
The building, according to the Fire Mar
shal, was not worth more than $300, but It
was insured for $500 and it was mortgaged
to a San Francisco hank. There is a
lawsuit pending In the courts about the
ownership of the building, but who the
real owner is the Fire Marshal has as.
yet been unable to ascertain. He lias been
informed that the owner Is George Me- !
Henry, but he has not been able to find
him. "
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. C. H. Bulson of Stockton is at the
Grand.
Lieutenant Governor Jacob H. Neff is
spending a few days at Paralso Springs.
Drury Malono. the Napa capitalist. Is
■ wn from his Oak Knoll ranch. He is a
giiest at the Palace.
H. F. Emprio and wife arrived yester
day from San Pablo and have taken up
their abode at the Occidental.
S. F. Gill, a well-known merchant of
Salinas City, arrived :n this city yester
day and is registered at the Occidental.
W. L. Prltchard, a wealthy stockman of
•■.. monto. Is stopping at the Grand.
H. D. C. Barnhardt. a Santa Cruz cap
italist, is registered at the Lick.
< reneral R. L. Peeler, who recently
transferred the records of the Adjutant
General's office to his successor, W. H.
Beamans, arrived In tho city yesterday.
Captain C. F. Taylor left the city yes
terday for a three months' sojourn at his
country place near Capitola. He is an en
thusiastic fisherman and has arranged
'. fishing excursions for quite a number of
his friends.
Lieutenant Colonel and Mrs. yon Win
nig of Berlin, who have been spending the
past two weeks at Del Monte and other
prints in the Stato. returned yesterday to
thf- Palace and will leave in a day or so
for Now York City, en route for Europe.
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Ocfi
' dental was Mrs. Susan Harriman of Los
■ Angelas. Mrs. Harriman occupy 3 a high
! pr.sition among the theosophists on the
> coast and took a prominent part in the
i recent convention at Point Loma, San
i >iego.
George F. Milliken, a civil engineer of
' New York, is registered at the Palace.
F. X. Schoonmaker and wife of New
York nty, arrived yesterday and are at
the Palace. Mr. Schoonmaker was tho
| first pr<=-sidont of the defunct United Props
' Association, and during the last Presi
il<ntial campaign stumped the West for
McKinley.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 7.^-Dr. Nathaniel
| I>aw. Dr. Harland Law of San Francisco
are. at the Netherland. J. L. Howard of
San Francisco is at the Imperial. W. T.
Hovey and wife of San Francisco are at
the Manhattan. Charles S. Drury of San
Francisco, J. L. Oakley of Oakland are at
the Cosmopolitan. E. R. Abadie. wife
and son were passengers on the St.' Paul
for Southampton to-day.
—•— _
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Juno 7.-J. M. Alexan
der and wife of Oakland are at the Well
ington; W. T. Schabley of San Francisco
is at the St. James.
GIMM IS GRATEFUL.
Beneficiary of Sunday's Cycle Meet
Has Gone Home.
T.ouis Gimm. the beneficiary at the cycle
meet given at the Olympic track last Sun
day, left for his home in the Easi last
night, the meet having realized sufficient
funds for him to do so. Before going he
visited many of his friends here to return i
thanks for their kindnesses in his behalf. !
Gimm expressed his gratefulness to the
public, the press, racing men and all
others who helped him in his hour of dis
tress and says he shall never forget their
many favors to him.
The Association Racing Board may lose
its popular chairman. W. 1.. Loos', who
has resigned his position here and may go
East shortly.
John Leavitt is visiting the factory of
his agency in Cleveland.
J. W. Klngsley of the Olympic Wheel
men is sojourning in Sisklyou County.
Henry Murgotten, once prominent in
San Jose cycling. Is now ship's writer on
the battleship lowa.
Neither San Josp nor Sacramento has
announced any intention of holding a
mi-ct on the fourth of July, and the rac
ing men may find themselves without the
customary holiday outing.
Gertrude Atherton's new story,
"Cupid the Golden," will be in next
[ Sunday's Call.
TRIED TO KILL
HERSELF AND
HER CHILDREN
Italian Woman's Des
perate Deed.
WANTED TO DIE IN PRISON
TURNS ON THE GAS TWICE, BUT
IS DETECTED IN TIME.
When Her Three Children Are Taken
From Her She Attempts to
Beat Out Her
Brains.
Mrs. Pfrto Palo de Ciro, who atte
: to kill her husband on Hinkley allej
day night with a hatchet because he^
wanted to take her three children from r
I her, attempted to end her own life and the
lives of the children in the City Pi
; Tuesday night.
Ever since her arrest she has beer.
i afraid that the childrtn -would be takea
• from her and given into' the custody of
■ her husband. She had fled from him from
• Seattle in February last owing, as she al
kged, to his ill-treatment, and came to
I this city with the children. He only re-
I ccntly ascertained her whereabouts and
i came on here, and as soon as sh<
' him she attempted to kill him v.
i hatchet and succeeded in cutting his scaip
, open.
She was arrested for assault to comnr*
: murder and the case was called in J
i Treadwell's court Tuesday and continu- i
till to-day. She and the children w
: confined in the matron's apartments, a.\
about 10 o'clock Tuesday night Matro.,
; W right's attention was attracted by a
strong smell of gas that came from the
i dr.rmitory, where the woman and three
children were. She entered the dormitory
and found one of the gas burners turned
on full. She turned off the gas and ex
plained to Mrs. Clco how to use it, as she
believed that she had turned it on in igno
i ranee. About an hour later Mrs. Wright
had again to enter the dormitory owing
: to the strong smell of gas and discovered
' that the woman had again turned on the
gas.
As it was believed that the woman in
[ tended to commit suicide and take her
children with her. shr- was removed to the
women's coil in another part ot the prison
ai.d the children were left in the dormi
tory. She declared yesterday morning
j that she did not know how to use gas and
had no desire to injure her children, as
1 she loved them too "much, but her story
was not believed, as she declared to Vie- •
tof Demartini, the Italian Interpreter,
that if the children were taken from her
I she would kill herself.
Yesterday morning Judge Treadwell on
1 being apprised of the circumstances
awarded the custody of the children to
the husband. As soon as the wife was no
. tified of the fact she became hysterical
and attempted to beat her brains out
against the bars of the cell. She tore h--r
hair nut by the roots and acted a_~ 11
were out of her mind. Sergeant Wolf de
tailed a "trusty" to watch the cell so that
any attempt made by her to commit sui
cide might be frustrated.
The people on Hinkley alley say that tho
weman was very kind to her children, and
she had secured a position in a canning
factory so that she could support tht m.
She claims that she had to leave her hus
band owing- to his cruelty.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HALF DIME OF 1841— H.. City. The
selling price of a half dime of 1841 is from
25 to 60 cents.
STREET RAILWAYS— H., City. The
several car lines of San Francisco cover
nearly a hundred miles of the streets.
CHICAGO FIRES- O. 6.. City. "The
two big fires in Chicago" occurred Sun
day, October 8, IS7I, and Tuesday. July 11,
1874. •
NOT PREMIUM COINS— R. J. 8., Au
burn, Cal. .None of the coins described
in your letter of inquiry command a pre
mium.
ACCEPTED STREETS— H., City. The
aggregate of accepted streets in. San
Francisco, which includes pavements of
all kinds. Is 176 miles. There are many
miles of streets that have not yet been
accepted.
OVERTIME— C. H., Carters. Cal. Thi3
department is informed that those who
worked at the navy yard, Mare Island,
during the war with Spain and were al
lowed overtime will be notified by mail of
the date when such payments will be
made. "
WAITING TIME— A. H. H. t Santa
Rosa, Cal. If your employer has dis
charged you and has not paid you, you
have your remedy in the Justices* Court,
where you can commence an action
against him, but you cannot expect to ob
tain "payment for the time he is detain
ing me here till it suits him to pay me."
THE WINNER— T. E. 11.. Oakland, Cal.
As the two players in casino had
agreed to play the hand out before count
ing, and both made enough points on th©
last deal to reach the number that would
count out, the one who held cards would
count first and go out. In case there were
no card.", then the one having spades
would count first. In the case cited A.
having three points to make and B seven
points, and A making his three— big ca
sino and ace— B making eight, must have
had cards and was entitled to count first,
and A won.
BEET SUGAR— D. R., Los Angeles. Cal.
The following is a list of the beet sugar
works on the west coast and the cost of
each, as well as the capacity: Spreckels
Beet Sugar Company, Salinas, Monterey
County, cost of mill $3,000,000, capacity
3500 tons of beets per day; Western Beet
Sugar Company, Watsonville, Santa Cruz
County cost $1,000,000, capacity 1200 tons;
Crockett Works. Crockett, Contra Costa
County, cost $500,000, capacity lono tons;
Union Works, Santa Barbara, Santa Bar
bara County cost $500,000, capacity 500
tons- Alvarado Works. Alvarado. Ala
meda County, cost $500,000. capacity 750
tons- Pacific Works, Ventura County, cost
$000 000 capacity 2000 tons; Aiamitos
Works Orange County, cost $800,000 ca
nacky-800 tons Chino Works. Los An
gles County, cost $1,000,000, capacity 1000
--to- la Grande Works, Oregon cost
$350*000. capacity 350 tons. The average .
run for the season is about 100 days.
About nine tons of beets will produce ono
ton of sugar. During the year ending De
cember, IS9S, on account of . drought the
production of beets was small and some
of the factories were not operated.
■ ♦ ■ "
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
• m ■
Important — Best eyeglasses, specs, 10 to
40c. Lookout for 73 4th St., next stovestore.*
■ ♦ .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Feast of the Sacred Heart
The feast of the Sacred Heart will be
celebrated in St. Francis' Church on Val
le.io street to-morrow. The masses will
be at 6:30 and 7:30 a. m. In the evening at
7:30 the rector. Rev. T. Caraher, will
preach on "Pleadings of the Sacred
Heart," after which the congregation will
be consecrated to the Sacred Heart.
. » ■
The Rio Grande Western Railway
Take pleasure in announcing the inauguration .
June 1,« 1599, of a complete dining-car service I
between Ogden and Denver on all transcontl- .*
nental trains. Service a la carte. General of
fice, 14 Montgomery st.
. ♦ ■
There are many, imitations of Dr. Slegert's
Angostura Bitters — most of them dangerous.
The genuine is a household remedy.MORE TROUBLE
FOR THE NEW
PORT WARDENS
None of Them Mas
ter Mariners.
IOWA OFF TO PORT ORCHARD
WILL DRYDOCK FOB A THOR
OUGH OVERHAULING.
La Escocesa Now an American Bark.
The Hueneme Now Owned in
Hawaii — Water Front
Note*.
Port Warden* now in oftVo are
1 -Tit that they will roriln their posi-
The news of the meeting which
told exclusively In yesterday's Call
waß appreciated by (he
their position was correctly stated, but
ild yesterday:
"We could say morp tn the Governor
through his new appointees which we
■ l • ■ ■ G >vernor !s dolib
■
•• law and the constitution. He
•wishes to be a prophet and an Interpre
ter of the law himself and if th< '
• suit him then he in the most
. ■ • overrides t he laws and the
But can i - this
•
Port Wardens
• " •
■ . iv< m;
-; nsent of tli»»
• * • Of the Wardens ap
o two or more
■ mariners.
that 'two or
shall i>e master
\ \m :•• us Bee who these men
There is Charles F. Kenneally. He
■ liv< ry stable in the Mission. He
: ter mariner.
Frank W. Burnett He is
a photographer. There may be an intl
tween a photograph
marine matter?, but this
Los Angeles Is the onlj
d it. Then comes
.• is to all accounts
• a job at present, but as he was
I r of Alameda County
- apparent.
• the best of ail the appointments
1-- Thai of R. E. Nlckells. This man comes
frcm Acton, In L . ■ - County,
miner. Now, Acton in not
M >'c Dcs-
The steam schooner Hueneme will no
longer be eeen in these waters, as she has
been sold by Gray ■■• Mitchell to the Inter
island Steamship Company of Honolulu.
The Hueneme will in future ply between
the island of the Hawaiian group. She is
now being loaded for Honolulu by "Welch
& Co. She is almost a new vessel, and
has been engraved in the coasting trade.
At Honolulu additional cabin accommo
dation will be built on her and she will
take the place of one of the company's
boats that was burned a few months ago.
The old bark La Eseocesa will from
now on be known as the American imrk
Coalinpa. This vessel has ha<l quite an
Interesting' history in connection with the
well-known firm of Balfour, Williams &
Co., of which firm Balfour, ' ruthrie & Co.
uf this city is an offshoot. La Escocesa
was built in IS6S by Gourley Bros, in Dun
dee. She is 202 feet long, 34.2 beam and
21.3 .depth, with a net tonnage of 94*;. She
was commanded by Captain D. Evans.
The firm used the vessel in a variety of
enterprises, sending her here and there
when she hid a charter and when she
had not it loaded her at Its own risk and
pent her to the uttermost parts of the
world. In fact, the little bark, which was
yachtllke in appearance, trim and good to
look upon, was regarded by the firm more
in the light of a. training ship for boys
destined to work in their larger vessels.
The Eseocesa was often on this coast and
not long since he left here after she had
been to the nitrate ports for Europe. From
Kurope she went to New York and from
New York was sent to Carteret, New Jer-
Fey. She was being towed to the port
light, when struck by a sudden squall In
New York harbor she turned turtle and
fcpr accident cost the lives of some of
the tugboat's crew. Her owners went to
work to raise her from the bottom of the
bay, but failed. American parties then
mad.' the attempt and have finally suc
ceeded. She has been towed down to Car
teret, after being thoroughly overhauled
and receiving an American registry, and
has been renamed the Coallnga. She is
In Carteret now, loading for Honolulu,
and will probably come here with a load
of sugar.
i'-ship lowa left yesterday for
where she will ko on the
drydock. As Bhe passed th<- Argentine
man-of-war thi !■■ •• te Banniento th<"
n the foreign man-of-war struck up
imbia. the Gem of th.-- Ocean," "Yan
ke< I lie" -i r 'i others of "ijr patriotic
jii;-H. Loud che< reeted tho 10-w.i aa
ned lowly down the bay and
I Ii \vi>l hf- fully two months
■ • [owa is again in port.
There is conslderaole growling among
■ids of departments In th.' Harbor
>n. The Commissioners, engi
the chief and assistant
v/harflng-ers and th* 1 clerks in the gi
have noi received their pay for May
• ay <1«i not ki. (W whal to m;ik< of
All th.- other payrolls have
been passed by thn Board of Examiners,
r BOtne reason <.r another
held out. Tli.- men risk dls
-1 by Roing to the money brokers and
- ■ they have to prin and
: and await the good pleasure of
the examiners.
Th*- steamer Curaran sailed for Mexi
DIRECTORY
Of RESPONSIBLE MANUFACTURERS, MERCHANTS
AND JOBBERS.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
PLEASE MEHTIOH "THE CALL."
BELTINO.
L> P fIFfiFK Manufacturer of Belting; and
L. I. VtlltX, Lac 9 Leather. 105-107 Mis-
fiion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone M»ln 563.
BO.LRl? MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS,
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship
Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION ST.
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
HE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
342 to 350 Oearv Street. Abo to Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IRON.
j. C. WILSON & CO..
bOO BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH. :
JOSEPH FOX. Supt. 11. ni/TTH. Mirr.
C. W. Smith, Ship Plumbine, Steamboat
end Ship Work a Specialty. 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
DRUGGISTS WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON & CO, US°?£& s %S?i
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IIC RfiYP? &CA Shipping Butchers. 104
FOR THE INTER-ISLAND TRADE.
"TIHE coasting: steamer Hueneme has been sold by Gray & Mitchell to the Enter-Island Steamship Company of Ha
waii nnd she will leave for Honolulu in a few days. One of the company's steamers was burned a few months
ago and a? another was require^ at once to fill her place the Hueneme was purchased.
can ports yesterday morning. Pho car
ried considerable freight and a number ot
passengers for the new gold Melds near
Ensenada.
REFILLING CIGAR BOXES
William Marlow Caught at the Gam<
Makes a Startling Disclosure.
William Marlow of th«-> retail firm o!
Kelly <fc Marlow, on Glasgow street, wai
arrested by Internal Revenue
Thomas yesterday for having In
session fifty empty cigar boxes the rev
enue stamps on which had not I
Btroyed as required by the Federal stat
utes. Marlow told Agent Thorn
Him -tenths of the Bmokers cal
Imported cigars are buying domestic
cigars placed in imported boxes, tm
original contents of which had been re
moved and the box refilled with the do
mestic article. . . . .
:•: was released on furnishing
hnnrin in the sum of
CALIFORNIA AT THE
EXPORT EXPOSITION
DRIED FRUIT MEN DECIDE TO
MAKE A DISPLAY.
They Will Raise a Fund of S2OOO to
Send Their Product to
Philadelphia,
A meeting of gentlemen representing the
dried fruit interests of the State was held
yesterday at the rooms of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association upon
invitation of J. M. Stauffer, commissioner
for the Philadelphia Export Exposition.
He desired to get from them, as he does
from the wine men and the fruit and
salmon canners, an expression of opinion
concerning the California -display at the
exposition, which was designed for the
expansion of American export trade.
The attendance was not large, but the
gentlemen present were well prepared to
; discuss the matter, several of them, nota
bly B. N. Rowley, of the California Fruit
grower, having had much experience In
■ preparing for the big display at the Ham
burg Exposition.
It was decided in short order that Cali
fornia should be represented by a great
collective display, experience having
taught the lesson that individual exhibits
restricted the general effect and increased
the danger ot uninteresting duplication.
Suggestions were offered by the various
gentlemen present, and it was decided
finally that it was the sense of the meet
. ing that the dried fruit packers and ship- :
pers* of California make a display at the
exposition, which opens September 14
next; also that a petition be circulated
among the dried fruit handlers asking
j for contributions to a fund of $2000 for ;
j that purpose.
An executive committee to handle the
; matter was chosen as follows: B. N.
Rowley of the California Fruitgrower, Al
bert Castle of Castle Bros., J. R. Hamil
ton of J. K. Armsby & Co., Henry Cahen
of the California Fruit Evaporating Com
pany and A. W. Porter of Porter Bros.
Company.
Mr. Stauffer stated at the meeting that !
be had had several conversations with \
: the railroad people and had been assured i
that in the matter of rates as well would
be done if not better than for the Ham
burg Exposition. He also stated that he
: hoped to get the winemen and the can- i
, ners together in a day or so.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal .1 Xoonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
Died of Alcoholism.
Jnhn 11. Ips, ,-i longshoreman about fi2
i years old, was found dead in bed yester
| day morning In his room at ."17 Vallejo
street. H< had been drinking to excess
ntly and his death was due to alco
holism, us was evidenced by the autopsy
Ji.-ld in the afternoon by Autopsy Sur
i geon Zab;iia. The deceased was a wid
j ower and a Scotchman.
JV-st nnrg-ains in pianos can be had only
nt Mauvais', 769 M;irk<n street. •
HARDWARE
PALACE Hardware Co.. Importers and Deal-
ers In hardware, 603 Market; tel. Main 752.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry. Morton S Hedley. Proov
234 Fremont St. Castings of Brery Do-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
PAPER DEALERS. ~~
Wll I AMFTTF PULP AND paper <*>-
fIILLMmLI I L 722 Montgomery Straat.
PRINTINO.
E C- HUGHES.su -SSSffSLt.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, bl *ZT!i
<J>| CA;i 1000 envelopes, billheads, cards
tj> I »O \J noteiu-ads or statements printed
catalogue printing a specialty. MEL A. HLKY
611 Sacramento street. Tel. Main 1836.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic A RTRIPsHF 306 Cali-
Codec. r^/AIV I IXIUUL fornla at.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO.,
Forwarding Agents and public Weighers. Gen-
eral Storage. Free and Grain Warehouses. Gen-
eral office. 210 California St. Tel. Main 1914.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI ITVnV Headquarters fur fine Jewelry and
• LUiIVI) ib-k. Wedding Rings. 43d st.
WMITt ASH STEAM COAL,
Mined by the
BLACK DIAMOND COAL MINING CO. at lta
GREEN RIVER COLLIERIES.
Is the Bret Coal In the Market.
, , OXflce *v*j£*tf#r-W r *»&. Street, 
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUKE 8, 1899.
LUMBERMEN
WILLING TO
COMPROMISE
Offer to the High Joint
Commission.
REDUCTION IN THE TARIFF
WILL ACCEPT A 20 PER CENT
ON ROUGH LUMBER.
Senator Fairbanks to Be Given an
Insight Into the Industry
During His Stay on
Puget Sound.
Th<- lumbermen of the United States in
order to protect their interests from
er possible attacks in Congress are
is aking a hard fight to have lumber in
cluded in the new commercial treaty now
b< Ing n< gotlated betwi en this country and
Canada by the High Joint Commission.
As the matter stands now. with every
chang' In the political complexion of
Congn SE, tin.- lumber industry suffers ma
tt rially from possible, if nol actual,
changes in the tariff. By embodying the
lumber tariff In the treaty it would be
taken out of the hands ol Congress alt<>
gether and could only be changed by the
abrogation of the, entire treaty.
This tt'iuli! protect the industry from
pi riodlcai ana ks. and it is to effect
this permanent tariff that the Lumbermen
re now engaged, in order to accomplish
thi^ they have agr< ed to a reduction of 20
per cent of the present tariff., which is $2
Per 1000 feet
The Pacific Pine Company, which in
cludes all the prominent mills and dealers
or. the < oast, has addressed the following
cnunlcatlon to every United States
ir and Representative <>n the coast
urging their support in the matter:
BAM FRANCISCO, Cal.
Dear Sir: Having since 1888, as represent
ing the lumber trade of this coast, taken an
active Interest in tariff legislation affecting
this industry, we have b^n request*"! to sup
plement previous efforts in the matter of prob
able consideration of an Import duty on lumber
from Canada and British Columbia by the
High Joint Commission at Its session In August
next.
I The absolute necessity of protection for tins
industry has been so completely presented In
past years that we do not regard it necessary
at this time to refer other than generally
i thereto, but would note additionally that as a
matter of equity such protection should be as
mii-'I to this Industry, inasmuch as every arti
cle used by lumber manufacturers has protec
tion to the extent of a higher pcrcentaKe or
th.- value of the product than the existing duty
on lumber similarly compared.
Above position of the lumber interests of the
i United states being conceded, the chances of
the renewal of Congressional agitation, or the
.prospect thereof, has a very disturbing effect,
and naturally the trade is desirous of secur
ing the permanency resulting from treaty ac
tion, and In event that the matter of tariff, on
lumber could be removed from the domain of
politics and made a clause in the treaty re
ported by Bald High Joint Commission, would
consent to a reduction of 21 per cent of the
present f2 duty on rough lumber. where refer
ence to this rate is had In paragraph 195 of
schedule D, "Wood and Manufactures of," of
the tariff act of 1887, it being understood that
such reduction shall not apply to lumber planed
or tongued and grooved, or said act be subject
to any other modifications.
Establishing the fact that this yew Is a con
sensus of opinion of the lumber manufacturers
throughout the United States (except solely a
very few parties who, during the operation of
the Wilson bill, became interested in Canadian
timber limits), we beg to refer you to the posi
tion already taken by this industry before said
High Joint Commission at both Quebec and
Washington, and particularly to the presenta
tion made by the Hon. J. a. Tawney, M. C.,
of Minnesota, and member of the Ways and
Means Committee, and to whom you may refer
for further di special information bearing on
this matter.
We would also bog to. call your attention to
the very active interest taken by the late Hon.
Nelson Dingley in support of the contentions
of the lumber manufacturers, and are assured
that If the matter were brought to the at
tention of President MoKinley, his indorse
ment of the Dlngley tariff would cause his
Interest and Influence with the American Com
missioners to lie on our side.
We, therefore, most respectfully request of
your honorable self that as a Senator from
this coast, and presumably keenly alive to its
best interests, you will make every due and
consistent effort to properly lay before Presi
dent McKlnley and the American Commission
ers the Importance of the action herein sought.
As Justification for the apparently premature
presentation of this request, . our views are
that all efforts should be with the Commis
sioners before the framing of the treaty, in
asmuch as should the treaty reported to the
Senate include a lesser duty, there would be
but limited time and greater difficulty In hav
in,.' its clause, modified.
Trusting that this industry on this coast, as
also in the United States (being the largest
and most Important manufacturing Industry
in all esentials) may have the full benefit of
all your proper efforts on the lines above noted,
and thanking you in anticipation thereof, wa
beg to remain, very sincerely yours,
PACIFIC PINK COMPANY,
H. M. HERRICK. President.
In Order that this circular may be bet
ter understood it is necessary to refer to
the late sittings of the High Joint Com
mission, when the Canadian Commission
ers urged that the American tariff on
rough lumber be reduced from $2, the rate
fixed by the Dragley law. to $1. This
proposition found fay_or with some of the
American members, including Senator
Fairbanks of Indiana, the chairman. Sen
ator Fairbanks is now en route to this
coast on his way to Alaska, and it Is to
win him over to their views that the lum
bermen are now working.
Senator Fairbanks is also a member of
the Congressional Committee that is going
to Alaska on the revenue cutter Hugh Mc-
CuUoch, and. is due to arrive at Puget
within a few days. On the way out
Senator Fairbanks spent a day with the
Minnesota lumbermen, learning- much of
the industry' In thai State, while he is
'in the Bound the Senator will he shown
as much uf the industry in that section
as possible by Senator-elect Foster of
Washington, who is •vice-president of the
St. i'aul and Tacoma Lumber Company.
He will be given an insight into thf mag
nitude of the forests or that region, the
output of the mills, cost, etc., and the. in
abllitj of th>- Americans to compete with
the British unless they arc protected. He
will !>.< given amplf proof that American
mills cannot be operated with a nominal
tariff of $i per 1000, and it is believed
thai he can be readily convinced that the
compromise suggested by the lumbermen
of 20 per cent reduction of the present
tariff Is as low as they can stand.
Senator Perkins states that h* has ro
cclveri the circular as well as other com
munication:- from the Pacific Pine
Company, and has advised that corpora
tion how to proceed. He says he has al
ready discussed the matter with such
prominent Congressmen as Dalzell Payne
and others, an.] has urged upnn the Pa
cific Pine Company the necessity oi hav
ing rate of duty agreed upon by the
nij-'h Joint Commission, for after thi
treaty is sent to the Senate there will !>■
no chance to amend it. Tt will be adopted
or rejected as it is sent in. It is In accord
ance with Senator Perkins' advice thai
the l acinc lumbermen will exert their in
• upon S. nator Fairbanks and Irs
associates - lt once, for the commission
meets again in August, and there is no
time to he lost.
Oc-sun Water Tub B.*tb..
101 Seventh street, corner Mission. Salt
water direct from ocean.
» ♦ .
A Larere Excursion.
Huh No. l of the Ran Francisco Railway
Employes' Association of California will
or !-*und.i\ . June 25, give a grand excur
sion to Sunset Park, it will be a strictly
Invitation ;iff;i!r. Arrangements have been
made for sixty coaches. The excursion
will tw "tit.' uf the largest ever given In
this St.-itr-.
Harvester Kinp Binnors and Headers.
Hooker & Co.. San Francisco. •
■ m ■
Fire in Chinatown.
A defective flue Btarted a flre In tho top
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*W/ffi/X- Eighteen years 1 pur-
5S??Sv3r XWfSafci ceßflful I'ractJcc, larg-
iigiZxJSU y&zSHSf. eat and best equipped
%- "TvttSTAß Of itofWr yi medical Institution in
| wiy\'' v j£^\ America, thousands of
D r MeYERS quick and pormanent
~?f%3 LCn^^^at^ ' '""'' annually and
"*%&& >11v' fa r ous ' r " >Ss tl p alin»;s
Mjf£*r^-- • ■'_ > *-«' They cure diseases of
the kidneys, bladder,
spine. Hver, heart, skin, blood, also pre-
mature decay, unnatural losses, wasting
drains, nervous debility, stricture, rup-
ture, piles, varteocele, special diseases,
etc.
PAT WHEN CUmCD-Patlents can ar-
range • to pay when cured, or pay in
monthly or weekly Installments,
FREE BOOH— HOME CURES.
PR. MEYERS & CO. cure and restore
a great many men every year without
feeing them. Sufferers who cannot call
should write for their book, "MAR-
KIAGE GUIDE; PRIVATE COUN-
SELOR FOR ' MEN." symptom blanks,
prices and full particulars of their won-
derful Home-Cure System. Advice free at
office or by mall.
DR. MEYERS j|P&^
731 Market St.. /fjSF "^^^'rff^.
Elevator Entrance. iß'fe' £■>££• 1
dully: 7 to ll 6 Bun- A\V^L^^^*\^fST
Ings; 9to 11 Sun- \"olffl[/i'///' "j \, UiiA'
i— ■-■-.m.i-i.-.- L i-. . 1 ii nnfL-'j-j-j-r-
-* For the Best $10 Suit
to order you must go to
JOE POHEIM.
For $25 you can get a
fine, well made and well
trimmed suit at
JOE POHEIM'S.
Will cost elsewhere $+0.
All-wool, Btylith-cut
Pants to order from $4
to $12 at
JOE POHEIM'S,
i 20<-203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush ,
1110-IU2 Market St., 8. F. 'i
Eyeglass
Cannot
Slip, tilt or pinch with our new clip (50 cents).
Hausch & Lamb-Zelss Stereo Field Glasses,
four varieties Eastman New Foldtng Pocket
Kodaks No. 2, and all photo supplies.. The
best only. New catalogue tree.
Oculists' prescriptions filled.
Factory on premise*.
Phone Main 10.
OPTICIANS^^^^.
642 Market st. instruments
SWEET "» J*^
RESTFUL Woodbur s ffi^§
SLEEP Facial Soap t%^
Follows a bath with WOODBURT'S Facial
Eoap. and the face, neck and arms and hands
rendered beautifully white, soft and smooth
with WOODBURX'S Facial Cream. For sal*
everywhere.*' 1 " — — ■;..„*--. ; ■■■
floor of the three-story brick building at
Cay street and Waverly place at about 10
o'clock last night. An alarm was turned
in from box 25, and within fifteen minutes
the fire was under control. The top floor
of the building is occupied as a lodging
house and the second floor is the head
quarters of the See Tip Society. The
stifling smoke drove the occupants of both
floors out in a hurry, but fortunately no
one was seriously injured. The building
and contents were damaged to the extent
of about $800.
IN AID OF ST. AGNES.
Delightful Musicale at tbe William
J. Ruddick Residence.
St. Agnes' Church has been benefited to
the extent of $.'!00 by the delightful musi
cale, followed by a dance, given last even
ing at the homo of Mrs. William J. Rud
click, 1628 Fell street. Mrs. Ruddick very
kindly placed her entire home at the dis
posal of the guests. The, parlors were i
elaborately decorated With palms and
flowers, in the midst of which gleamed
the twinkling lights of multi-colored fairy
lamps.
The following excellent programme was
rendered, after which dancing was In
augurated and refreshments served:
Piano duet. Country Dance, Mrs. E:
Uowan . and Miss Bessie Go wan; vocal
solo. Miss Fanny Denny; tenor solo. Wil
liam Flnnie; reading, (a) "The Sisters"
(Whittier), (b) "He Tried to Tell His
Wife" (Anon), Miss Helen Kelleher; con
tralto solo. "Irish Folk Song" (Foot), Miss
Ella V. McClosky; tenor solo, William
O'Brien: solo, lute, Professor S. Adel
steln. Professor Schultz accompanist:
vocal solo, Mrs. William Heney; vocal
duet. Miss Lottie Crawford and Mrs.
James Kelly; piano solo, Miss Bessie
Gowan; comic. selection, "vV. J. Hynes.
Mrs. Ruddick was assisted in receiving
the guests by Mrs. Garret McEnerne.y,
Mrs. Edward May, Mrs. James Maguire,
Mrs. Edward Chin, and Miss Bessie
Gowan.
Victoria Getting Young.
In view of the fact of the Queen's approach
ing visit to the continent Englishmen are es
pecially interested in her Majesty's health. It
is announced that fcer hearing has grown acute
and her eyesight keener. Youthful faculties in
old agr° depend merely upon the health. The
Mood should be Vept pure and the stomach
BWeet with" Hosteller's Stomach Bitters. It
cures indigestion, constipation. biliousness,
nervousness, liver and kiiln>-y trouble*?, as well
as malaria and fever and ague. It keeps peo
ple yoiinfr.
IF DEPRESSED
Use the WORLD FAMOUS
Body, Brain and Nerve Tonic
Combats HEAT PROSTRATION
and SUMMER COMPLAINTS
ALL DRUGGISTS. AVOID SUBSTITUTES.
Portraits and endorsements sent postpaid.
MARIAN! & CO., 52 W. 15TH ST.. NEW YORK.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
Tie Lamliarili Grand Italian Opera Company.
Tour under the direction of Messrs. Wood &
Wyatt.
SURPRISES AT EVERY PERFORMANCE.
This is what the evening papers say:
Post— And they can act. too, these unpre-
', tentious Binders from Milan.
Bulletin In the space of about two minutes
a calm and critical audience had risen to its
feet and was cheering wildly.
Report— characters were well sustained
and the chorus was exceedingly good.
TO-NIGHT IVOVM/V
A magnificent production of l^V/lviTlfl»
Friday. "Cavalleria Rusticana" and "I Pag-
liacci'. 1 ; i Saturday matinee, "Lucia"; Saturday,
"Rigoletto."
Reserved seats: Ground floor, $1, $1 50; bal-
cony, 50c, 73c and 51; gallery, 25c; box and
loge Beats, each, II 50.
NOTE.— This Kreat organization will com-
mence their second week's engagement at the
ALHAMURA THEATER on MONDAY EVEN-
ING NEXT, presenting on an elaborate scale
"AIDA!"
'"THE TURTLE!"
Fantastic and furiously funny French farcical
i frivolity.
I'm not so slow.
I'm French, you know.
We come creeping In on Sunday night.
The season's sensational success.
You dare not miss It.
Seats now on sale at the box office.
COLUMBIA. T £-<
KELCEY-SHANNON CO
TO-NIGHT AND SAT. MAT.— LAST TIMES.
THE INE\A/ COMEDY.
j FRIDAY AND SAT. NIGHTS— Request.
"THE MOTH AND THE FLAME,"
EXTRA— GREAT EVENT,
rtfeXT MONDAY NICHT
Mr. Charles Frohman Presents
MR. HENRY MILLER
AND A SPECIAL COMPANY,
In Henry Arthur Jones' Comedy,
"THE LIARS!"
SKATS NOW READY.
ALCAZAR
I
Curtain Rises Promptly at 8.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS t
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY!
LEWIS MORRISON,
IN HIS GREAT CREATION,
HAMLET.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 35c, 51c.
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON in "THE
I MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
. - . .
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
LAST FOUR NIGHTS OF
Johann Strauss' Masterpiece.
The Merry War
An Immense Ovation to Everybody's Favorite
GRACIE PLAISTED.
SUPERB CAST! SPLENDID SCENERY!
CORRECT COSTUMES!
' MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
NEXT MONDAY— "LA FILLE DE MA-
DAME ANGOT." ?•
PRICES 25 Cents and 50 Cents
Telephone, Rush 9.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE THEATER.
MR. and MRS. KEEPING and a Host of
Novelties.
TO-NIGHT,
AMATEUR MINSTRELS,
WITH LADY_PARTICIPANTS.
Reserve Seats by Phone, Steiner 1851.
Visit LUNETTE and the LONDON MAZE.
*AT.URPAY-CHILI>,REN,'a JDAYt
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Famous Bottled Beers
of the Great
ANHEUSER-BUSCH BREWING ASS'N, ST. LOUIS, U.S.A.
..^^^ /gy The Original Budwciscr,
lF\t^Kf^* A Anheuser-Busch Export Pale,
Exquisite "American Pilsener,"
r^JjF'iagSfjiVC Anheuser Standard,
are obtainable on all Pullman and Wagner Dining and Buffet Cars, Ocean and
Lake Steamers, at all First Class Hotels, Finest Clubs and Cafes, and in all the
best families. Used by the U. S. Army and Navy.
J^ MjL fL/*^ 0 — the strengthening Food-Drink, for ill or well,
i/f£&£ifiLyMwsfflrX& is prepared by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
* •" ' Ass'n.
AMUSEMENTS. .
GRAND OPERA HOUSE j
Telephone Main. 532.
ALL. THIS WEEK AND
SATURDAY MATINEE.
GRAND DOUBLE BILL.
GRAND DOUBLE SUCCESS.
THE PIRATES oTPENZANCE
1 PAGLIACCI.
In English.
NEXT WEEK!
By Universal Demand,
" 'EL' CAPITANI"
Reserved seats, 25 and 50 cents; pallery, 15
cents. _
Branch Box just inside main entrance Em-
porium. .1
— — — " '|
JOHNSTONE BENNETT'S VAUDEVILLE
CELEBRITIES IN CONJUNCTION
WITH ORPHEUM STARS.
JOIINSTONE BENNETT.
Assisted by ANTONIO WILLIAMS, In "A
QUIET EVENING AT HOME."
The Mysterious! The Mystifying!
HOUDINI,
And MLLE. BEATRICE HOUDINI.
McAVOT AND MAY. Cyclonic Comedians.
CASWELL AND ARNOLD, Comedy Acrobats.
CLIFFORD AND HUTU. HENRI FRENCH,
MOUNG TOON, MONTGOMERY
AND STONE.
Reserved Beats. 25c: Balcony,' 10c; Opera
Chairs an. l Box Seats, 50c.
MATINEES WED.. SAT. AND SUNDAY. |
CONCEPTS AND ASSORTS.
OctlLIC- GREAT REALISTIC
_ WAR PANORAMA! ]
C\\ Prof. W. O. KOLIiINS, |
v -^ m the eminent orator,
ft m a a lectures naif hourly. ,
! IVlQnilO- (Market st.. nr - Ki « i> °»- ;
Admission uOo.
Bay! ,^1...
St] RO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. Nl, TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:80 P. M.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. Be.
Bathing. Including Admission. -'■> : Children. 20c.
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
San Francisco to Chicago.
.
THE MOST COMFORTABLE WAY ACROSS
THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULLMAN
PALACE AND PULLMAN UPHOLSTERED
TOURIST CARS LEAVE OAKLAND MOLE
FOR CHICAGO AND THE EAST. TAKE ]
MARKET-STREET FERRY AT 5:30 P. M.
DINING ROOMS ARE MANAGED BY MR.
FRED HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL, SERVING MEALS AT
REGULAR HOURS AND REASONABLE
RATES.
NO OTHER LINE OFFERS SO MANY IN-
DUCEMENTS AS THE SANTA FE ROUTE.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE. 628
MARKET ST. TELEPHONE. Main 1531.
OAKLAND OFFICE. ins Broadway.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE, 201 .1 street
BAN JOSE OFFICE, 7 W. Santa Clara street
A Superb Train
Jptmffo EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR
dS* Union Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND LIBRARY CARS
WITH BARBER BHOP.
DOUBLE drawing ROOM SLEEPER*
FREE RECLINING CHAIR cars.
PULLMAN tourist sleepers.
DINING CARS (A LA CARTE).
ONLY »m DAYS to CHICAGO.
liMTM San Francisco daily at 6 p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, General Agent.
Ko. 1 Montgomery street, San FranciM*
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Buutlit* Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1839.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:OO. •8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00, 5:13, *6:00, 6:30 p. m.
• EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. *9:00, *10:00, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.; 1:00, *1:43. *2:30, *4:00, 5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rsif'l Sundays. !
5:30 p. m. dors not run to Mill Val'y Sundays, i
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, "6:40, 7:35, 8:40, »10:20 I
a. m. : 12:30, 2:15, *3:40, 4:35, 5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO. ! »8:00, *9:45. "10:45, ! '11:4 a
a. m.; 1:00, 2:20. *3:30, *a:l5, *6:00, 7:00, 10:15
j>. m.
Train? marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:50. 7:55, 8:56, 10:35
a, m.; 12:35. 2:45, 4:35, 5:20 p. m.
, EXTRA TRIPS on -Mondays, Wednesdays ,
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m. ..;
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:05,
1:20, 2:40, 3:55. 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. "week days— Cazadero and way Fta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Point Reyes and way stations.
8:00 a.m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns. i
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco,- via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY, April 23, 1899. • . |
WEEK DAYS, 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur- i
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
Ings, Arriving In S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS, 8, 9, 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45, 2:30 !
• : and i p. m.
Fare. S. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40
1 THOS. COOK & BOM, Aget»., 621 Market at.
, RAILROAD TRAVEL.
mii:tiii:k\ pacific COM PAST.
(pacific svktem.)
Train lento nuil lire <lue to arrlTD at
nan HIAMISIO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
lkave — From June 1, 1899. — arritb
7:00 a Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 5:43
?:O»a Marysvillo. Oruvilioand Bedding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:OOa Elmira, Vacaville and Huiuaey »:45p
V:»»a Martinez. S«aßaßK», Vallejo, Napa,
Calißtogaaudßanra Kosa W:lsp
8:00 a Atlantic Kxpross, Ugdeu and Kaat.. M:l>lp
■ iIIOa Han .lose, Livermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, Flacerrille,
MarySTllle. Chico, Keil iriutT 4j1.1p
8:3Oa •Milton, Oakdaleand Sonora 4:15 i»
B:OOa Haywarda. Niles and Way Station!. 11:43 a
9:0»a. Martinez, Tracy, I.a'i rop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno 18tl5p
»:O«a Fresno, Uakoralit-U, Santa Harhara,
Loa ' Angeles, Denting, Xl Pago,
New Orleans aud East 6:43
j 10:00 a Vallejo, Martinez ami Way Stations 7:4"»p
; 11 :OOa Haywards. NUes and Way Stations. 2:43p
I 12:00 m Kiles, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mcndota, an ford, Visalia,
Porterrille 4:l.'Jp
•l:OOp Sacramento lliver Steamers »S:OOp
8:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 5x43p
4:ttOi> Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, i.'alintogH. Kauta Rosa Mild*
4:OOr BtDicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Wood and, Knights Landing,
Maryßviile, OrOTille 10:49*
4i3Op Nile?, San Jose and Stockton 7sltit
4:30p Yosemito .Sleeping Car for Raymond lli:15p
s:©«pTho Owl. Tracy, Fresno, Bakers-
field, BaugUB for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 9:45 a.
5:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 12:13p
St3Op Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Mojavo and Los AiiK>'le.s 8:49*
oi3op Santa l'o Route, Atlantic press
forMoJava and Kaat 6:45p
OiOOr F/nropeiin Mail, Ogdcn and Kast.... 9:43*
6:00p Haywarus, Niles and San Jose 7:43 a.
•Btooi- Vallejo 12:lSp
7:00p Oregon Kxprpm.Hucrninentn, Mary*-
vllle. Holding, I'ortlan.l, I'nget
Sound and ICast 7:49*
tSt**p Vallejo, Fort Costa and Way Sta-
m BOM 1 1 o:->o»
COAST DIVISION (Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion for Santa
Cruz aud Principal Way Stations JB:»s#
8:15 a Newark, CenterTille.Han Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:5»«
»:I*P Newark Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1 ©:3»4
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 0:20 a
I 64: 15p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta- '
I tiona / /0:20 a
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIN FRIKCISCO— Foct of lUrket Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.U. 11:03 *2:83 13:08
•4:00 15:00 •6:ooi'.M.
fromOHUßD— Foot orßroidw»T.— "fi:oo 8:00 10:00*. U.
112:00 «I:QQ 12:00 *3:CO lt:C3 'S:OQp.M.
' COAST VISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend St 3.)
•6:1Oa Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. *0:30p
•7:00 a Han Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30*
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pncifio Grove and
Principal Way Stations JBi3s»
• :••» Han .lope. Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
I'acilio Grove, l'aso Boblca, San
Luis Obispo. (•'iiadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4tlof
lU:4Oa Sau .lose mid Way Stations «8:00*
; 11:3Oa San Jose aud Way Stations 5t30»
•a:43p 8»n Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Jose,
Gllroy, Hollister, Santa Cruz,
S«linas, Monterey and Pacific
Grove *IO:3<Ia
•»:3Op Rau Jose and Way Stations *9:004
*l:I9r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:43 a
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 j
5:30p Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations "8:354
O::iOp San Joss and Way Stations 7:30*
! t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30f
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ,;
•Sunday exeepted. 1 Sunday only. * Saturday only,
(Saturday and Sunday /Sunday and Monday.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEL.
taTEEK DAYS— »:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12-.SS,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trl»
at 11:20 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:64
and 11:30 p. m. ■ .
BUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:33.
-00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a, m.; 12:46.
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
1:66 and 8:35 p. m. "
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 6:06.
6:26 p. m. ':..
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
fame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect Ban Francisco.
. April IS, —
Week Bun- 1&99. . Sun- Week
: Days. days. Destination. days. Days.
. T:SO am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 ana
8:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Iv<i.«a. 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Fulton,
f :S0 am Windsor. 10:25 m
Eealdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservlllc
1:80 pm 8:00 am Qloverdale, 7:86 pm 6:20 pr»
' 7:80 am Hopland and . 10:25 am
. 8:30 pm 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
i 1:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Queraervllle. 7:35 pm
8:80 pm 6:20 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma ' 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
! I:M pm 5:90 pm Glen Ellen, j 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
] 7:30 ami 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:S5-am
i 8:80 pmj 5:00 pm I 7:35 pm 6:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lyttoa
I for Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skagga
j Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan- Springs, Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port anil Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, I'omo.
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle.
Boonevllle, Phllo. Christine. Soda Springs.
Navarro. Whltesboro, Albion, Little River.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Brag?.
Westport, Usal. Wlllltts, Laytonville, Cum«
tiling's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen'a, Dyer.
i Bcotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
! reduced rat's.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*.
beyond Pan Rafael at half rate«.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market st., Chronicle bids;,
H. C. WHITING. R. X RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 28. 1899, train* will run a* follow**
Booth-bound. North-bound.
P" ,• — m
Paaaen- Mixed. • " Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Stations. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:80 am 10:30 am Stockton 8:45 pm 6:00 pra
1:10 am 1:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:18 prr»
18:40 am 5:36 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pro
11:38 am 7:45 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
1:15 pm 12:30 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 am
11:69 am 8:25 pm Vlsatla 8:40 am 1:22 pm
11:16 pm| 6:53 pm Tulare I 6:50 am; 1:05 pm
Stopping; at Intermediate point* as required.
For particulars of stage and other connection*
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 221 Market
\tr— t. Ban Francisco. ■:■-.-■
I Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Light stocks of grain in the State.
Wheat unsettled and firm.
Other cereals dull.
Jiay still very quiet.
Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans and Seeds inactive.
Gasoline and Benzine advanced.
Potatoes declined again.
Butter and Eggs higher.
Cheeae unchanged.
Poultry quiet and steady.
Fruit market well supplied.
Provisions unchanged.
Hogs teady.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian- Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 7. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka *' - <; Diego 64
Fresno 92 Sacramento —S8
Los Angeles 70 Independence M
Red Bluff 92,Yuma 96
San Luis Obispo 70 1
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum, 50; mean, 55.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen generally over the
Pacific slope. In the past twenty-four hours
there has been a rise of more than .i tenth of
an Inch over Central and Southern California.
The temperature has risen over the entire
country west Of the Rocky Mountains, except
In a small area near Ban Francisco and Sacra
mento. a well-marked inversion of tempera
ture exists. It being IS degrees warmer on
Mount Tamakmis than at either Point Reyes
or at San Francisco ;it the same hour.
Except on the coast the temperatures are
nbove the normal In California.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, Jim-- v . IS'jP:
Northern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
northerly winds; fog on the coast In the mom
lllK.
Southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Thursday.
tl'tah — Fair Thursday.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Thursday,
with fog in the morning: fresh westerly winds.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW Y/ORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, . June 7. —A midsummer lassi
tude hung over the stock market during the
greater part of the day and the trading drifted
aimlessly in the loldroms. Wall street will
take advantage of a hot day to curtail its la
bors when there 1* some doubt about the out
look which compos eal what is called a waiting
market. But. though, the weather does not
deter the ever-watchful eye of capital from
availing itself of offered opportunities. The
burst of animation in the last hour of to-day's
etook market indicated that Wall street was
not so cloud — all the earlier appearances gave
reason to suppose. Speculation was almi st at
a standstill during the morning session, even
the professional traders waiting for action on
the :-ucar dividend and also on that of Ateh
ison preferred. The aimless drifting; of sugar
certillcates i>rior to the announcement of the
dividend and the srnallness of the transactions
seemed to indicate' that th- speculative com
munity was wholly at sea as to what the action
of the directors would be. The price drop]
b«Iow last night's after the opening advance.
but recovered sharply Borne 3 points before the
new? became known. The announcement of the
regular dividend caused realizing sales and a
drop of 2 points. The shorts were so eager to
cover that the decline was checked almost, im
mediately and a subsequent recovery amounted
to about 5 points. The drop after the divi
dend announcement seemed to give the shorts
s.nip degree of confidence and the pressure to
buy was, not urgent at the advance. Consider
ing thf length of the bear eamprvgn. based on
an Implied doubt of the regular dividend, it
can scarcely |><. that the short interest has
succeeded In anywhere covering the lines put
out during the campaign. The declaration of
the regular ilivtdt r.d ha* by no means con
v.-rted all of the bears, who still nrgue dire
eift-cts fpim the trade war. The declaration
of l*- 4 per cent on Atchlson preferred was the
most potent in:luence in putting up prices in
the latter part of the day. though the effect
must 1»? regarded as surprisingly small, con
sidering the rt-cent activity of the bears on the
doubts they expressed that a dividend would
be forthcoming on this stock. The dividend is
called regular semi-annual and comes out of
the .-timings of the last fiscal year, with the
statement by the directors that sufficient re
ma'.ns lor another similar dividend in Janu
ary next. There was a large demand for the
grangers, which advanced prices in the group
from 1 to 3» 2 points, which spread to other
points in the railroad list. Fort Worth and
Rio Grande was marked up 4 points and the
X-". York municipal stocks rose sharply.
Stocks which have been recent favorites in
London, such as Anaconda and the Southern
railroad stocks, hung back under the influence
of depression in London on account of the un
ronciliatory attitude of President Kruger. The
iron and steel stocks also hung ba^k. Ste-M and
"V\ir<> dropping: at one time .'. points on pub
lished doubts i,f a forthcoming- dividend. The
obstinate resistance c;f railroad stocks to the
dff-llnt-, the present and prospective easy con
ditions In mone;- and the more cheerful view
'■t the crop prospects all contributed to th*
late strength in the stt>ck market
P.allroad bonds hardened in price in sym
pathy with stocks, but business was not on a
l'.:ir» scale. Total sa>s, par value $2 100 000
Knitel States .Vs lined 4 In the bid price
Total cales of stocks to-day amounted to :iK, -
r?n ph-trfs. including: American Steel 4000-
Am.-ri.an Sugar. 74.900: Anaconda. 10 LOO; \tch
ism preferred. 46,lc<'): liurlington. 22.100: Con
tlnental Tobacco. 4:,fiO; Federal Stef-1. 15,900: do
preferred, 3500; Manhattan. 6500; Metropolitan
Street Railway. 37C0; Missouri Pacific 44%-
New \ork tVntral. S100; Northern Pacific. 4SOf) :
1 ennsylvania, 4000; PecMe's Gas. 5000: Rock
Island, 9OC0; St. Paul. 10.400; Union Pacific
3100. lon
CLOSING STOCKS
■Atchison lv i Do prefd 173
I,'°, l>rrfd B6H St P & Om '.'.'.'.'.'. M.i I
Baltimore & Ohio. 53 I Do prefd 170
Canada Pacific.... 35% So Pacific 3ji
<_annda Southern.. :■:■'. So Rallwav " i',r'
!£ nt !. >ac^-,- fil '* Do i Ir * " •;•'/::!-! r>r>%
J- h f s '* P*'^ 24% Texas & Pacific... is* I
M 1 £ , Alt " n 16 ° rnlon Pacific iiu j ,
fhll?&Q urn Do prefd ' 74V
Chi * E 111 73% Wabash . '-*
!-»« Prefd 124 • Do prefd ...'.'.'"■ ■,!* \
' J & -,::::::: 1W j Wheel"* L Bnw ?
c^v^ gp% Lss^s^jr :
■.v,'! J2, Express Companies- :
.157% A. lams Ex n.i
IV> prefd 193 'American Ex .'."'.US
CC C •'•■ St 1 52% Cnlted States " 45 '
Do pretu 96 Wells Fargo iK
Del * Hudson 117% Miscellaneous- " ■"
Del L ■•• W ICS A Cot Oil .. m
& Rio '■ 22-4 d, prefd ! . i"! 91
'■■ pri rd "H Amn Spirits, ... at :
Erie new 12}; d prefd ::::: ." 30
Do Ist prefd ....34 Am Tobacco $*: ■
1 ■ Wayne 184 Do prefd .no I
':' Nor prefd 163- Cons <; a( > . ,67 :
Illinois (>nt H31.4 Com Cable Co '179
Lake Erie A W... 15 Col f & iron..:::: «* .
, ','" >:'•'•' " - "" ""•■• l toevt :
U\k» Shore . 2fc3»i Gen Electric . us't
I>>u!s A Nash .... R7H Haw Coml Co " 110 .
Manhattan L 110 Fed Steel "en ;
Met St Ry 214% do prefd '.'.'.'.'.'..' »<
Mich Ont ..113 Intnl Paper '«v .
Minn & St I E<i% Do prefd 79* ;
IV, Ist prefd .... 93 Laelede Gas ; 52
Mo Pacific 42 Lead ... •« :
0hi0.... 37 Do prefd /."no I
Mo l- & T 11%. Brooklyn It T '>V
U° ItpM 33 1 Nat Lin 0i1....!" "a?
>. - T Central 118 Pacific Mall .. Aril \
.- V Central 130% People's Gas ""ii-s?
NY Chi & St 1... 13 Pullman Pal — -lM*
Do Ist prefd .... 03 Silver Cert 'Gl :
Do ■-'•! prefd .... 29 Standard U &T\' 714
Nor West 20% Sugar I MM
No Amer Co n : . Do prefd " <<-,
no Pacific 46% t c & iron.::::::: *v.
Do pref.l -•■•■ U S Leather .... 5% I
Ontario « \V 25% Do prefd ... ,;•■"
■■: R & x.-.v pfd.. 70 V s Rubber . "■ 5174
Par- Coast it pfd. S3 I Do prefd ■■,',-,
Do 2d prefd .... 55 (West Union .'.'.'.'." hb'A
Pittsburg 184 Amn s & w Co 60%
Reading i:.% Do prefd .... <j;^
Do Ist prefd .... 57% Con Tobacco .. "it'
B a W 33 • Do Drefd .... "82 :
Do prefd 77 Colo So ' £1/
Rock Island . lll'i Do Ist prefd .... 43
Et T. ,v ST 10* Do 2d prefd .. 171 '
Do prefd 70% | p.-,, Coast .. 3.v
Do 3d prefd .... 85% I Nor Hi \V prefd.. 6 <'t
Ft L & s W 13 iNat Steel ...... 4454
Do : refd 32 j Do prefd '. SO
Et Paul 124%' \
CLOSING BONDS.
V 6 2s reg 100 M X & T 2d5.... 66 '
Do as reg 10y-% Do 4s 951- 1
Do la coup 1 >.<:•„ n V Cent Ist* 115'!
Do new (1 reg.... 130% X .1 Cent gen Be 121
Do new to c0up..130";» No Carolina 6s I*7
Do old 4s re«. 112%' Do 4s 'IGIV,
Do old 4s c0up. ..113% No Pacific Ist* . 113 1
Do 5s reg 112% Do 3s ' '" 67-4
Do > coup 112?; ]>> It " 1,,,,. ;
Diet of <--' ».65« 119 XVC&St L4s 107% !
Alabama class A.. 110 Nor & W con 45.. •>..
Do class B 110 Do gen 6a 132
Do class C 100 Oregon Nay lsts.. lift
Do Currency 100 ; Do 4s .....102% ''
Atchlson gen 4s 103>i Oregon sL 6s '-,■<"
Do adj 4s 83% Do con Sa in ■
Canada So 2ds 11l Reading gen 4s. S'M
Ches & Ohio 4'.is..\ 1*4% RIO G \V lsts 101 \
Do f.s li:" 4 SI L & 1 M con Ss.IUU
Chi & x W con 7s. m St L & S r gen C 5.126
Do B 1' deb 55. .122 61 Paul con 1«8
Chicago Term 4b... 102% Ist P C & V 1au...123%
Den a- Rio <'< 16t5..106M:l Do 5s 123
Do 4s .103% So Railway ss. 110%
E T V & G 15t5.. .105% Stand It & T 6a... 87
Erie gen 4s 72'j Term new set 35... 93
I' \V ,si D C lsU... S2V6 Tex & Pacific lsts.li;
Hen Klectric 55.,..11S Do 2ds ecu
G H ft 8 A 65...^113% Union Pacific .1084
Do 2dß .111% Wal>ash lets 116%
H & T C 5s 113 Do 2da 'Jft%
Do con 6s HHi-West Shore 4s 111%
lowa Cent lsts 113 Wls Cent lsts 74%
KCP & G lsts.... 66 Va Centuries 85%
La new con if- 110V4 Do Deferred ' 8
LAN unified 45... 3S*i Colo Southern 45.. S7-4
MIXING STOCKS.
ChoIIar '..' 25 Ontario S 00 •
Crown Point 20|Ophir 100 |
Con Cal & V i 1 ... Plymouth 10
Dead wood .'..> Quicksilver 1 50 I
Gould A.- Curry 24 I)., prefd 7 00
Hale at Not-cross.. 31 Sierra Nevada 70
Homestake 60 00 Standard 28
Iron Sliver 55 '• Union Con 3S
Mexican 40 yellow Jacket 32
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— l Do prefd "....116
Call loans 3 iff 4 IWestinghouse El.. .'J 1 ;*
Time loans 3%<£4%! Do prefd.... 63
Stocks— Brooklyn R T 111%
Atch Top & St Fe. 17%! Bonds-
Do prefd 56% Atchison 4s 102
American Sugar... 148% New England 6s.. 113%
Do prefd 118 Wis Cent Is -4%
Bell Telephone 390 ' Mining Shares-
Boston A- Albany.. 256 Adventure 10% i
Boston Elevated... 100 Allouez.Mln Co.... %
Boston & Maine.. .182 'Atlantic 29%
Chi Bur & <,' 131% Boston &-Mont....32a
Ed Elec 111 2f»> , Butte & Boston.... ii
Fitchburg prefd. ..116% Calumet & Heela...90
Gen Electric 118 Centennial 33%
Federal Steel f,n Franklin IS*
Do prefd 82 ii :.nboldt Pa
.Mexican Central... 13% Osceola »-.*
Michigan Tel 91 %! Parrot! »*%
i N Y & N E prefd. .10") |(Juincy !"•>
Old Colony 204 Santa Fe Copper.. 12
Old Dominion 36% I Tamarack ....210
Rubber 51» |Wlnona 14
Union Pacific 41' Wolverine 4-K-
Union Land..'*..... 7 Ctah Mining 39%
West End S3 I
LONDON MARKET.
NEW FORK, June 7.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The resorted breakdown of the Kruger con
ference upset Art-leans in the market here to
day, being accompanied by wild talk of a
: British ultimatum and troop movements. The
"other ■ markets sympathized, consols falling
5-16. Americans were hardly mentioned and the
I fluctuations in them were fractional. Berlin
sold Canadian Pacific. Paris sold Spanish fours
to 63%; Tin:. is were 46 3-5; Anacondas, 10%;
Utah*, m.: Bostons! 1%
William WhUely, the famous universal pro
vider ideDartment store) has floated £1, 500,010
debentures, offered to the public.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 100%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 77%: Union Pacific preferred. 75%;
Atchison, is 1 -;; Grand Trunk. 11%; Anaconda.
10',: liar silver, steady, 27 11-16.1; money, 1%. .
per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June 7.— FLOUR— Receipts, 17.- !
855 barrels: exports. 4914 barrels. Continued |
firm on spring bakers, but otherwise dull and
barely steady
WHEAT — Receipts, 77,976 bushels; exports.
16.010 bushels. Spot. steady; No. 2 red, 83c,
spot and to arrive, f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red
elevator, i0%c; No. 2 Northern Duluth, S3,-. !
: f. ,, b. afloat to arrive. Options opened steady i
' on local covering, but sustained a sharp decline
under liquidation and Southwest weakness
Subsequent recovery' of values was guided by
bullish Russian crop news and a big export de- I
mand mostly Continental. Closed firm at %c j
to Sc net advance. July, 79 l3-16<S?Sfl 13-16c,
closed M...... ; September, 79% /*•'■ 13-16c, closed
SlA-.c: December closed S1%C.
IP it's Steady.
HIDES- Steady, ..,.,.
METALS apathetic condition of the last
week or so in metals was followed to-day by
pronounced weakness in several departments,
due to heavy offerings and a scarcity of buyers.
together with unsettled news from the West
and abroad. Trices at best were largely nom
inal. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRON— Warrants, nominal, at $12 50.
LAKE COPPER— Nominal, at $18 50.
TIN" Weak, with 125 35 bid and $25 50 asked.
LEAD— Very quiet, with $4 45 bid and $4 50
SPELTER — Entirely nominal, with spot
quoted at 16 75 and futures $6 50.
The brokers' price for bad is $4 25 and for
corner $18 25. . .
COFFEE— Options closed quiet, unchanged, to
5 points net lower. Sales, 3250 bags, including:
October S5; November, $5 05; March, to 50;
April. $5 55, May. 55 55. ;
Spot coffee Rio. dull and easy. Mild, dull.
SUGAR— Raw, strong: held higher. Fair re
fining 4 .'-•.-. ; centrifugal. 96 test. 4 21-32c; mo
lasses sugar, 4 l-32c. Refined, strong and ac
tive- No. 6, 4 13-16c: No. T. 4%i ; No. 8, 4 11 -16c;
No 9 4%c: No. 1". 4 9-16c; No. 11, 4%c; No. 12,
| 4 7-16o : No. 13. 4%c; No. 14, 4%c; moid A, 5%c;
standard A. 5%c; confectioners" A, .%c; cut
loaf. 5"sc; crushed. 6c; powdered, n%c; granu
lated, 5.J.C; cubes. 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 9761 packages; firmer.
Western creamery. 15®18%c; factory. 11%@13%C
EGGS — Receipts, 11,934 packages; Bteady.
, Western, 14@15c; Southern, I0@12%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 7.— California dried fruits,
Quiet. _ ___
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, r<R8c;
prime wire tray, b%<5S%c; choice, 8%@9c fancy,
.•V'9%c.
PRUNES 3'ifj9c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 14*214 -io; Moorpark, 14«
PEACHES— Unpeeled, S%f?llc.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 7.— The opening In wheat
was at a slight improvement over yesterday
I closing prices, July starting at 75%@-75%c, an
advance of % 1 ff%e. It was evident from the |
amount of wheat offered at the opening that
the liquidation of the past few .lays was not |
yet over, but reports of excessive rains in the ;
Northwest brought support to hold prices for !
a moment. The weakness of Liverpool, how- j
ever, gave grounds for the belief that the Rus- j
«lan drought reports were exaggerated and re
ported rains In the Odessa district strengthened |
this theory. Th.- result was. a short period |
of decided weakness, in which the July price
touched 74%c. This was the low point of the
day. Private cablegrams confirmed the seri
ousness of the Russian crop situation, and this
proved one of the most important factors. As
tlie liquidation dropped off a general inclina
tion developed to piny for a rally, and though
short periods of depression were of frequent
occurrence, notably when St. Louis weakened
on receipts of new Texas wheat, grading No.
2. yet the market, as a whole, was llrm to
the close, small declines being quickly re
covered. The first car of new wheat was re
ceived here to-day. July tlnally sold up to
75%c and closed tirm at 7a%&75%C.
Corn was again dull but llrm. July closed
',.' higher.
Oats were dull but firm with corn. Weekly
crop bulletins were bullish. July closed %@%c
higher.
Provisions were dull and practically feature
less. There was some demand to cove* shorts,
but cash inquiry was small. Prices fluctuated
within a narrow range. At the close July i
pork was 2%c higher, lard 2%c lower and tibs
a Shade lower
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close. |
Wheat No. 2—
July 75% 73% 74% 73%'
September 76% 76% 75% '76%
December "7 77% 76% 77%
Corn No. 2— j
July 33% 33% 33% 33%
September 33% 34% . 33% 34%
December 33%. 33% 33% 33%
Oats No. 2— V*'-
July 23% 23% 23% • 23%
September 20% 20% 80% 20%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
July S 17% 8 23 8 17% 8 2,"» I
September 8 40 8 42% 8 32% 8 40
Lard, per 100 pounds-
July 5 00 ■
September 5 17% 5 20 5 17% 5 17%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— .'
Jul v 4 67% 4 70 4 67% 4 67%.
September 4 88% . I 88% 4 SO 4 SO
Cash Quotations were as follows:
Flour, easy; No. 3 spring wheat; 72%<?}75Vic;
No 'J red. 77©77%c; No. - corn, 33%@83%c; No.
2 oats, 25ffi25%c; No. 3 white, 27c; No. 2 rye,
56%c; No. 2 barley, 36038c; No. 1 flaxseed, il 02; '
prime timothy seed. 82 30^2 33; mess pork, per
barrel, 87 20©8 25; lard, per 100 pounds. $1 $Q@
5 02%; short rib sides, loose, 84 S04J4 75; dry
salted shoulders, boxed, 4%@4%c: short clear
sides, boxed. 54 95*g,5 05; whisky, distillers' fin
ished goods, per gallon, $128; sugar, un
changed.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrets 15,000 1 12.000
Wheat, bushels 171, 000 98,000
Corn, bushels .543,000 435,000
Oats, bushels 447.000 127,000
[ Rye. bushels 8,000 650
Barley, bushels 7,000 3,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Batter
market was Arm; creameries, 13%jflSe; dairies
I..-, /p.. Cheese, easy. -', .-",. Eggs, firm ';
■ fresh, 12c."
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening ,-. 11 5 11%
Closing : 5 11 11%
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept. -Dee.
Opening 20 50 20 8:,
Closing 20 30 20 7.",
» Flour— • mm^.h
, Opening J :.... 43 70 88 SO
Closing 43 55 28 05
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 7.-CATTLE— There was a
fairly general demand for cattle to-day and
I prices were steady until late in the day, when
some concessions of Tic were made. Fancy
cattle brought $3 50®6 80; good to choice grades,
! $5 tijitii 45; commoner cattle sold ,-.i $-5 :.-,,.,.
feeding cattle were disposed of at $3 ~,.,'., r, 13;
bulls, COWS and heifers, J2i&5, the latter price
being for choice heifers: Western steers brought
$4 GO'S 3 33. and calves $4 6007 10.
HOGS— Trade In bogs was lively early with
good prices ruling, but later the demand slack- '
ened and the Improvement was lost. ' Both
heavy and lightweights -sold up to $3 95, or
within 20c of the best prices of the year. Heavy
hogs sold at 88 60823 95; light at $3 75' ( 3 95; pigs
brought 83 3.V./3 75 and culls 81 5008 50.
SHEEP— The market for sheep was again dull
i and prices showed no Improvement. Light
| weights sold the highest. Inferior to prime
sheep brourht $2 6004 85, 121 and 1.38 pound
| sheep bringing $3 90®4 40; light feeders sold at
THE SAN FTJAXCISCO CALL, TJIURSDAY. JUNE 8, 1899.
STOCKS OF GRAIN.
SEMI-ANNUAL ESTIMATE OK THE PRODUCE EXCHANGE FOR JL'NE 1.
Following Is the regular semi-annual estimate of the Produce Exctiange of the stock of
grain left on hand In the State June 1. }t will be seen, by comparing the figures, that the
supply of everything Is much lißhter than usual at this time of the year, owing to the dry
season of 1S98:
12 75; clipped lambs brought $3 75'gr> 50; wnoled
Colorado Iambs, $"■ 65@6 85, and spring lambs,
J4 50@6 50. . *
Receipts— Cattle, 13,000; hogs, 2S.000; sheep,
9000.
BOSTON "WOOL. MARKET.
BOSTON, June 7. The .American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow of the wool
trade: The market Is more .active and stronger.
Several of the large mills have boon reported
in the market anil they have taken, all told,
a considerable amount of wool, for which they
l<a(d advanced quotations. Certain of these
mills would have purchased more wool If
holders had been willing to make sufficient
concessions In prices. Holders of wool are
very firm, however, and as a result a num- ,
ber of intending purchasers did not secure all
the wool that they expected to buy. The
country markets continue excited, and the
strength of the situation is accentuated by the ;
increased activity and strength in. the gojda
market.
The sales of the week in Boston amounts le
5,598,400 pounds domestic and 565,000 pounds
foreign, making a total of 6.163,400, -gainst
a total of l.i: '.' '" for the previous week, and
a total of 981.000 for the corresponding week
last year. Sales since January 1,. 1*99, amount ,
to 106.SDO.200 pounds, against 51,464,310 pounds |
last year at this time.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, June 7.— California fruit sold
to-day: fosabe Plums, average 52 87; Royal
Cots, average >'- 02: Clyman Plums, 95c&$l 90,
average $1 -I'm Alexander Peaches, average
$1 01; Royal Anne Cherries. $1 2002, avenge
$1 34; ii. Oregon, 95c-y $1 15, average $1 01; Seed
ling Cots, average $1 09.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The following prices
were realized by the Karl Fruit Company for
California fruit sold at auction to-day: Yosabe ;
Plums, average $2 87; Royal Apricots, average
$202; Clyman Plums, 95c<g$l 90, average $130;
Alexander Peaches, average $10l®125; Royal
Anne Cherries, $1 20©2, average Si 31; Black
Oregon 95. -.51 15, average $1 01; Seedling Apri
cots, average $1 09. Seven cars sold.
CHICAGO, June 7.— California fruit sold to
day as follows Cherries— Royal Anne, $1 556»
1 SO per box; Black Oregon, B0c($$l 60. Peaches —
Alexander, tin*/ 1 -'" i**r box. Apricots— 83cl&'tl
per single crate. Plums— Cherry, 45070c per
box.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND/ Or., June 7.— Clearings,' $319,
364; balances, $37,489.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., June WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 58@58Va»c; valley, 59c; blue st.-m, 61c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., June 7.— Increased scarcity
of tonnage caused the Wheat market to get,
weaker and prices fell off ',4c to-day, club being
quoted at 58c; blue stem, 61c.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June Consols, 108%; silver,
27 11-Wd; French rentes. 1021 '. •_■ , wheat car
goes iff ast, nothing doing; cargoes on pas
sage, quieter, hardly any demand; carx '■■' No.
1 standard California, 3d lotve;-; English •■..ur.
trv markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, June 7.— Wheat, easy; wlitsat
In Paris, easy; Hour, in Paris, .lull; French
country markets, quiet
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16,1.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot No. 1-red Northern Duluth,
easy, 6s 4Vzd; No. 2 red Western winter, easy,
6s. Futures— Quiet, July, :.s lid, September,
5s ll'id.
CORN American mixed, new, quiet, 3s 5d;
futures, steady, July, 3s 5Hd; Sept em 3s
0'*d. •
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June 7.— COTTON Steady.
Middling, .'.%<•. BOTH
-•-
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 '.«■
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 1."
Mexican Dollars — 49!*if50
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Sierra Nevada takes for Cork
49,064 ctls. valued at $33,300.
The stock in the State June 1 was 3.3:14.1*1
ctls, against 3,152,680 ctls June I, 1898. The de
j tailed statement appears elsewhere.
Chicago led off with, a London cable of rain
In Southern Russia, which weakened the mar
ket, and there was heavy liquidation and short
. selling. Foreigners, ' however, continued good
buyers. A later cable pronounced the first a
fake, and one from Russia said that there was
no rain yet in the Crimea, that Barley and
Oats were lost, that the drought still con
■ tinued and that the crop was In a deplorable
condition. Unconfirmed rumors of rain in the
Odessa district set the crowd and St. Louts
selling heavily.
This market was firmer, but spot prices were
unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 07%'31 10; milling,
$1 12%&1 13%.
CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session —9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, $1 18%; 10.000, $1 19; 4000, $1 18%.
Second Session— 2ooo ctls, $1 22%. De
cember—2CoO. $1 18%; 12.0(,0. $1 18%; 6000. $1 18%.
Regular Morning Session — December— l6,uCj
ctls, $1 19; 14,000. $1 18%; 8000, $1- 18%.
Afternoon Session — December" — 6UOO ctls,
I $1 18%: 18.000. $1 18%.
BARLEY— The stock In the State June 1 was
! 2J2.420 ctls, against 943,060 June 1, 1898, as ap
i pears In the statement in the first column.
' This is a sharp falling off. The market Is
; dull and unchanged.
Feed, $Kil 05; Brewing. $1 07%©l 10 per ctl. •
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— Seller '99 new— 4ooo ctlß, 85c.
December- 2COO. 88% c. • '
■ Regular Morning Session— Seller '93, new — 2000
■ ctls, 85% c; 4000, 85% c; 4000. Ssc; 4000. 83% c. De
cember— 2000, 89% c; 16,000, .89c.-.
Afternoon- Session— Seller '9!<, new— 6ooo ctls,
85% c
OATS— The stock In the State June 1 was
23,460 Ctls, against 109,380 ctls June 1, 1898
quite a difference. The market Is still scantily
supplied and unchanged.
Fancy Feed, $1 17%01 50 per ctl: good to
choice, $1 42%51 47%: common, $1 32%@1 40:
Surprise. «1 5001 7,7.: Gray, $1 8501 43: Milling,
{1 4501 50 per ctl; Red, $1 3501 40; Black, $1 30
©1 32%.
CORN — stock In the State June 1 was
25.660 ctls, against 112,780 ctls June 1, 189 S.
There Is nothing new to report.
Small round Yellow, Jl W@l 32%; Eastern
large Yellow, ?1 12%; White, $1 15®1 17%;
mixed, $1 10 per ctl: California White, nominal.
RYE— 97%cSisl'o2% per ctl. The stock in the
State June 1 was 10,560 ctls, against 54,300
ctls June 1, 1898.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI. . . . •
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The stock of Flour in the Stato June 1 was
| 70,906 barrels, against 87,380 barrels June 1, 1898.
FLOUR— California family extras. $3 6093 75.
usual terms: bakers' extras. $3 4(j(<i3 50; Oregon
j and Washington, $3 40<?3 45 per barrel for extra.
I J3 25@3 40 for bakers' and $2 20@2 50 for super
! fine.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
' lows, usual discount to the trade :>. Graham
I Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
: Meal. $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50: ex
. tra cream Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 Mill 4 77.;
Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy." $3 25i&3 DO; Buck
-1 wheat Flour. $4©4 25: Cracked ■ Wheat. $3 75:
; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 5506 95; in. sacks. $6 3.*.@6 75;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
:53 per 100 lbs. . . . ,
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay continues steady under light receipts,
with no change lit prices. Buyers still show
j little Interest in the market. The sale of a
ear*'! of Island Barley mentioned yesterday
was at $:. 25 Instead of 15 50 per ton.
Bran and Middlings continue unchanged.
BRAN- BC@l7 per ton.
MIDDLINGS $18@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23*524 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25(5'26 50; job
bing. $27 50; Cocoanut Cake, $21@22; Cornmeal,
123 50@24 50; Cracked Corn, $241925; Mixed
Feed, $15@16; Cottonseed Meal, $24026 per ton.
OLD Wheat, $1001150 for good to
choice and $S(ji9 50 for lower grades; Wheat and I
Oat, isfi-lO 50; Oat, 17@9 50; Barley, *6@B; Al- !
falfa, $6®7.
NEW HAY Wheat, $7 50@8 50; Wild Oat, $6
i @7; Alfalfa, $4 60@6 50 per ton.
STRAW— S!6@SOc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The stock of Beans in the State June 1 was
108,793 bags, against 561,263 bags June 1, IS9S.
The market is dull and unchanged.
BEANS Kayos, $1 40@] 50; Small White, ?2
©215; Large White, $1 56@1 T 65; Pinks, $1 SO®
190; Rods, $2 35; Blackeye, $45«4 15: Butters
nominal; Lima?, $3 Will; Peas, S2@2 35; Red
Kidneys, $2 50@2 70 per'ctl.
■ SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, 2%©Sc; Flax, nominal; ("unary Seed,
-\c per Ib; Alfalfa. BK@9%c; Rape, 3@3V»c
Hemp. 4' 4 .,4.,.-;- ; Timothy. 4^®s'/;c.
DRIED PEAS Nlles, ' ?1 50@l 90; Green, $170
@2 2o per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Tomatoes are higher and String Beans lower.
Potatoes came in freely and were off again.
POTATOES New Early Rose, in boxes., $1 40
@ISS; Burbanks, ll 4o®l 85 per ctl on the
wharf.
ONIONS New. 25®40c per sack for red
VEGETABLES Asparagus, 75cSj$l 50 per box
for No. 2. $1 75@2 25 for No. l and $2 50 for
fancy; Rhubarb, 65c@$l 25 per box: Green Peas,
I .■•■'<■ per Hi. String Beans, 3@6c for Green
and ; p3c for Golden Wax; Horse Beans, 50c per
sack; Cabbage, $I<Bl 15; Tomatoes. $1 75<ffi2 25
(■••!• box; Mexican Tomatoes, ; Egg Plant
10c per Ib; Garlic, 4@sc for new; Dried Okra'
'••■■ per Ib; Dried Peppers, 10c; Green Peppers.
12Uf//15c: Carrots. 30@40c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, per dozen; Sacramento and
Marysville Cucumbers, 51 25<Jr2 per box; Sum
mer Squash, 50!575c per box for Vacavllle and
$1 254(1 75 for Bay; Green Corn, 30©40 c per
dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at 15c for Turkeys. $3
for Ducks, $1 50 for Geese, $8 50 for Hens and
$•) 50 for old Roosters.
Li .i! stock was quiet.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 14®15c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; young Turkeys, 18c;
Geese, per pair, m 25@1 50; Goslings, Jl 25f?l 50-
Ducks, $!'.(.'. tor old and $4 50<fi6 50 for young'-
Hens, *>','<r. , young Roosters, *7'./\ 50; old Roos
ters, $3 50@6: Fryers, Js©s 50; Broilers $3 50
C(ii 50 for large, $2<7j3 for small; Pigeons $1 50
&2 per dozen for old and $1 60@2 for Squabs
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Dealers are getting the nutter market all
mixed up, as they do every now and then.
Making contracts on newspaper quotations is
bad business and often leads to trouble and
confusion. Promising creameries higher re
turns than newspapers quote is another San
Francis custom which generally ends In a
mixup. If dealers would let the newspaper
quotations alone the market would be more
■table and reliable and better off. At present
those dealers who have made contracts on pa
per quotations and have promised creameries
an advance over the quotation! and them
selves confronted with a higher market than
the conditions justify. Stocks are liberal, yet
some dealers are returning let over our top
quotation.
One dealer put the situation pat yesterday
when he said that the market was legitimately
weak and Illegitimately firm.
Eggs are tlrm at an advance.
BUTTER—
Creamer) Fancy Creamery, lS'^c. with sales
higher; seconds, 1 7 ' •_■«-.
Dairy— Fancy, 16Vfec; good to choice, 1*816.-:
store, 12<Ar,il3c per Ib.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, B©S%c; old, 7%c;
Young America. :■■;!'•: Eastern, 13(fiir>c.
EGGS— Quoted at 174ilSc for store and i!>i{j'2oc
per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 165jlSc.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Bartlett Pears from Winters brought $1 per
box. Small green Pears and Apples were in
free supply and weak. VbXH
Peaches and Apricots came in fre*ly and were
not all sold. Plums were steady and quiet.
Second crop Longworth Strawberries are
selling at $3&10 per chest.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— "
New Apples, 25#50c per small and 60c(fJ$l 50
per large box and 2.'.{i\soc per basket.
BERRIES Gooseberries, Me per drawer and
3fi[sc per Ib In bulk; Blackberries, - per
chest; from Fresno, 11 per crate; from Newcas
tle. $1: Strawberries, $.Vriß per chest for small
and *:'.'■ 1 4 for large berries; Raspberries, $6@3
per chest: Newcastle Raspberries, $1 per crate;
Logan Berries, $6fji'S per chest.
Currants, f'i'ffi oil per chest.
Cherries, 60c@$l 25 per box for black; Royal
Anne, 90c(<J$l; black, In bulk, 7®Bc; white, l@«c
per Ib; Royal Anne, B®9c; cracked Cherries
■:■■,„:<■
Green Pears, 25@50c per .box and 25<g50e per
basket.
Figs. $2 per box for black and oOc for white.
Apricots. 25SV50c per crate and box for Prin
gles and 50c@$l per box and 40@75c per basket
for Royals.
Peaches, 25©90 c per box and 50@75c per bas
ket.
Plums, 35c(fi$l per box.
Cherry Plums. 25#40c per drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $2 5094
per box; Seedlings. $125(02 25; Mediterranean
Sweets, $2("g3; Lemons, $I@l 50 for common
and $1 75(<j2 "> for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, $4'fis; California Limes, • — per
small box; Grape Fruit, 50c(&$l; Bananas, $1 5D
<d 250 per bunch; Pineapples, t2@3 per down.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS AND RAISINS.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, 7c for 40-50's, 5@
f.V4c for 60-CO's. 4@4V6c for 60-70 > 8, 3Hi&3»4c tor
70-So's. 2?iC3' / 4c for 80-?o'a, 2'i(fi2%c for 90-100's j
and 2@2>ic for 100-110's; Peaches. BVi@9V£c for
good to choice, lOifflOV&c for fancy and 14015 c
for peeled; Apricots, 12%@13c fpr Royals and
14®15c for Moorparka; Evaporated Apples. 9',-i®
10c; sun dried, out; Black Figs, out; Plums,
nominal, Hie for unpltted and 4' L >''/t;<: for pitted;
Pears, 89* c, according to color, etc. •>■'•• «•-...
RAISINS— for two-crown, 4%c for three
crown, 5%0 for four-crown, 4Mi©6c tor Seedless
Sultanas. 3Vic lor Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London layer*; Dried Grapes, 2?; ©3c.
NITS Chestnuts. 7c per tit; \Valnuts, s@Sc
for hardshell, 10©11 c tor softshell; Almonds. s®
Be tor hardshell, 12©13r tor softshell, 14916 c for
papershell; Peanuts, 6®7c for Eastern and !'■■';}
5c for California; Cocoanuts, 14 6096,
HONEY— Comb, 10<?nic for bright and S@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 7Vi@
7>/ic; light amber extracted, 7c; dark, s©sVsc
per 11).
BEESWAX— 2S@27c per rt>.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 8c per It) for heavy,
SVu'.v for light medium, 10V£(gllo for light, 12c
for extra light and 12%@13c for sugar cured;
Eastern Bugar-cured Hams, ll^c; California
Hams, lOVic: Mess Beef, $13 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $14; Family Beef, $15@15 50; extra,
prime pork. $12 50; extra clear. $16 50; mess,
»l.'r'!i l.'> 50; Smoked Beef, 12c per Ib.
LARD— Tierces quoted at E>H®s%c per It) for
compound and 7U@"V» C for pure: half barrels,
pure, 7 : -4i-; 10- tins, b\ic; 5-Ib tins, SV&c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6%96T«c; packages,
less than 300 lbs, 1-tb pails, 60 in a case. B%c;
3-Ib palls. 20 in a case, s^c; 6-tb palls, 12 in a
! case, B%c; 10-lb palls, 6 in a cape, S%c; 50-lb
j tins, 1 or 2 in a case, "Vac; wooden buckets, 20
I lbs net, S%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; halt
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7?ic. ; ■ J .*>,
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND. HOPS.
; HIDES AND SKINS-Culls arid \ brands sell
about lc under the quotations.. Heavy salted
i steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9V4c; Cowhides,
9Vic; Stags, 6^c; Salted. Kip, 9»ic: J Calf. 10c;
dry; Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands, 13c;
• dry .' Kin t and Veal, 15(gl5Vic; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@35c each; short
j Wool. 3J#soc each; medium, 60@75c; long Wool,
90c@$l 25 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2@2 50 for
large and $1 for small; Colts,. 50c. •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4@444c per It); No.
2. 39&% c; refined. ; grease, 2c.
WOOL. — Spring Clips — San Joaquin and
Southerns, 7 months, 7@<»e: Foothill and North
ern free, lKgl3'/ = c; Foothill and Northern de
factive. 9@llc; Nevada. 10@13c; San Joaquln
Foothill free. 9911 c; do defective, 7@9c; Hum
boldt and Mendocino. 15<5'16c; Eastern Oregon,
\VS\Zc for choice and 9@llc for fair to good.
HOPS— IB9B crop. 10(?Tllc per Ib for ordinary,
12(S'12>»c for good and 13@15c for choice to
fancy from first hands.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Baas, 6%95Hc for
June and July; Wool Bags. 2C@2Sc; San Quentin
Bags, $4 95.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle, $6;
Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $3; Wallsend, »7 50;
Scotch, $S; Cumberland, $S 50 In bulk and $9 50
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Cannel, $S CO per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14
in sacks.
GASOLINE AND BENZINE— Both are high
er, as follow?: Deodorized stove GaSoline, in
bulk. lGe; in cases, 21c; ,S6 degree Gasoline, in
bulk, 21c; in cases. 26c; Benzine, in bulk, 15V:>c;
in cases, 20','jc per gallon.
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes,- terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, y-^c;
Powdered, s^c; Candy Granulated, 5%c; Dry
Granulated, 5V,c; Confectioners' A, s»ie; Cali
fornia A," sc; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra C,' 4%e;
Golden C, 4%c; barrels, 1-lCc more; half barrels,
V«c more; boxes, '/fee more: 50-lb bags; He more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent./
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET. •
There Is no particular change. Some sales
of Hogs at tfie top quotations are reported.
Wholesale rates. from slaughterers to dealers:
BEEF— 7',4@Sc per Ib for Steers and 6Vi@7c
for Cows.
VEAL— per Ib. '■ ', .
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c: Ewes, 7c per Ib.
LAMB— Spring. 7'/4§Sc per Ib.
PORK— Live • Hogs, 5%5?5°aC for small,* 5%,&
5%c for medium and s#s^c for large; stock
Hogs and Feeders, 4% @5c; dressed Hogs,- 7@3%c.
RECEIITS OF PRODUCE.
For' Wednesday, June 7.
Flour, q«- sks 18.29S Bran, sks 2.0&0
Wheat, rtls 2,930 Sugar, sks ■ 5,000
Barley, ctls i.nW t-ugar, bbls 600
Oats, ctls. 0r.... 400 Wine, gals 20.R00 i
Butter, ctls.. IS9 leather, rolls 142
Cheese, ctls 267 Hides, no 552
Tallow, ctls £00 Pelts, bdls 3,325
Beans, 5k5........ E. 50 Eggs, doz 14,040.
Corn, ctls. East. 1,200 Wool, bags 420
Rye, ctls 300 Hops, bales 8
Potatoes, sks 2,973 1 Hay, tons 2?1
Onions, sks 1,204 Straw, tons ?5
THE STOCK MARKET.
On the morning session of the Bond Exchange
Hawaiian Commercial was lower at $92 50®
93 50 and Hutchinson at $33 25@32 87%. Hana
sold higher at $17 37'/ . Gas and Electric de
clined to $62 50.
In the afternoon business was quiet, as will
be seen below.
Mining stocks were firmer. The telegram
from the Dump said: "The elevators working
steadily and continuously. The water Is down
27 feet below the 1950 level station. The main
Umbers of the station are in good condition.
There Is a large stream of water running from
the 1950 level. Have started to clean up the
station."
The Mexican assessment of 10c per share will
be delinquent In the hoards to-day.
The delinquent assessment sale of the Crown
Point Mining Company will be held to-day.
The Argonaut Mining Company paid a divi
dend of $20,000 on the 26th ult.
The Empire State-Idaho Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 2 per cent on the
capita] stock, Payable June 15. This is the
thirteenth consecutive monthly dividend of the
company. W&jfjl
Belcher — On the 1000 level the east crosscut
from the main north lateral drift is out 168
feet, having been advanced 8 feet during the
week. The face shows quartz giving low as
says. On the 1200 level the raise from east
crosscut No. 1 is u>> 12 feet. The top In in
quartz giving fair assays. There have been
hoisted during the week and stored in the ore
houße at the mine 33 mining carloads of ore,
the average My car samples of which shows
an assay value of $31 34 per ton.
STOCK ANp BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, June 7-2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Bonds— Eqult G L Co. 5 6
Ie quar c0up.. 114 — .Mutual El Co. 14% 15
is quar reg... — — Oakland Gas.. 4."',2 —
«s quar new..l2*JVil3o Pac Gas Imp.. 63 "65
is quar coup.. 108 — |Pac L Co. — 45
Miscellaneous— 3 P G «£• E.... 62Vi t<2%
Cal-st Cab 58.117 . — San Fran 3% 3-"i
a! Elec L C5.125Vi127',4 Stockton Gas. 12' — '
2 C Wat 55.... — .112* i i Insurance —
Dup-st ex c... — — iFlrem's Fund. 22o —
E L & I' C 5..131 132 Bank Stocks—
F & Cl Ry Bs.lloVi — Anglo-Cal .... — 65»4
Geary-st R ss. 90 93 Bank of C 01 ..281 —
II C & a M4s..lO2'yi — Cal S D & T. 66 99
L A Ry 55....1'>6»i107!4 First Nationl.22o —
LAL Co Gs.-lOl 1 * — Lon P & A... — 132
Do gntd 65.101V4 — Mer Exchange — 16
L A L Co 55... 100 — iNev Nat Bk. — 190
Market -st 05..1:".t — I Savings Banks-
Do Ist M 55.116*;i17 ! 4 Gei S & L..1600 1630
SCN 011 75.108 — .Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 65. .118 117 Mutual Say. 35 41Mt
NR of .Cat 55.113VJ — 'S F Say U.. 500 —
N PC R R 6s. — 108 IS & L So.. — 8S
N PC R R 55. 107 - 'Security SB — 300
N Cal It It as. lll — Union T Co. — 1465
Oak Gas 55. ..11 l — Street Railroads—
On C Ry 65. .127 130 California ....116 —
P & Cl Ry 65. 107 109 Qeary 50 — I
Vit O 6s 117 — Market-st bO»4 —
Powell-st Cs... — 122V4 Oak S L & II — ' :~—;S
Sac El Rj "is. — — Presidio — 1514
5 F at N P 68.118 l!'.'- Powder—
- 1" \- S .1V.",5.114',115 California .... — 175
llerraft Cal Ba.IOEVI — |E Dynamite... S7'/4 —
3 1* of A v- Il>'.il4 Giant Con Co. 74 744
3 P C 6a 11905) — 11S% Vigorit 3% 3 1 -*
3 PC 6a (1906) — — ; Sugar—
? PC 6s (1912) — — IHana P C 0.... 17% I7H
■PCIs eg 55.104"-i — Haw C&S C. 98&01
P Br 6s 123' 4 — 1 Hutch S P Co. 32^. 33
S V Wat 65. ..116 — jKilauea S Co. — 31
3 V Wat 45...in4'4104*i Onomea S Co. 39'j —
S V W45(3dm). 101^,102 Paauhau S P. 39% 40
Stktn Gas fis..lo2',i — 1 Miscellaneous-
Water Stocks— Al Pac Assn.. 111% —
Contra Costa.. 70 7QJ4 Ger Ld Wk5..230 —
Marin Co .... 50 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Spring Valley.lOlVilOlH Oceanic 8 Co. M Ss',i
Gas and Electric— Par A F A.... 2% 2U
Capital Gas... — — ,Pac C Bor C 0.125. 125 —
Central (1 Co.. — — Par Paint Co.. 7% —
Cent L & P.. - 7 I
Morning Session.
Board—
5 Alaska Packers' Association '......112 00
50 Contra Costa Water 70 00
35 Hans Plantation Co 17 37V 2
20 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 92 50 *
45 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar..".... 93 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar <j3 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar 95 50
30 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.: 95 26
50 Hutchinson S P Co 33 25^
105 Hutchinson, 8 P Co , as mi
25 Hutchinson S P Co, cash 32 s7Vj
100 Paauhau B P Co 39 7,-,
10i) Paauhau S P Co 39 r,,
25 s V Gas & Electric Co <$ 00
30 S F Gas & Electric C 0..; 62 75
13 s F Gas & Electric Co 63 1214
25 3 F Gas A Electric Co 62 -i~
50 S F Gas & Electric Co, s 30 «2 76
50 s I' Gas & Electric Co, s 90 62 5.J
MS V Water j O l 50
$50013 SVG per cent bonds ipj ,»
Street—
$25,000 Market-st R R Con 5 per cent bds.ll7 00
$15,000 SF& SJ V bonds i v 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
5 Alaska Packers' Association 112 no
25 liana Plantation Co 17 c, 5
•20 Hans Plantation Co :... , 17371*.
60 Market Street Railway ! 60 25 "
25 Market Street Railway, s 30 60 "5
186 Paauhau S P Co  39 7-,
20 S I" Gas & Electric Co - gj 50
50 s F Gas & Electric Co, a 90.........],' 62 50
5S V Water... " 1O l 57.,
600 Vlgorlt Powder 3 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
30 Contra Costa Water ; 70 00
50 Contra Costa Water _ 63 7-,
10 Market Street Railway (d OH
20 Market Street Railway Cl 12V
20 Market Street Railway «i 25 "
40 Paauhau S p C 0..... 39 75
10 Paauhau s p Co 39 g 7l /
$COOO S V Water........ 104 26 "
Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Hutchinson S P Co 33 no
50 Hutchinson S P Co 32 75
20 Hutchinson S P Co 32 371;
30 S. F Gas & 'Electric Co C 3 00
10 Oceanic 5 S Co 5)4 25
10 Oceanic S S Co 8459
25 Paauhau S P Co : 39^
50 Paauhau S P Co 39 ■-, ■
10 S V Water......' '. - .101 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE 1
BOARD.
Morning Session.-
Boa rd—
20 Giant Powder Con 7375
30 Onomea Sugar Co 40 00 .
100 Vigorit Powder 3 1214
Afternoon Session. »
Beard—
20 Contra Costa Water — 70 1214
100 Hutchinson S P Co 33 00'
50 Onomea Sugar C 0........ 3-) 73
•MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock. Board yesterday:-
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 39 100 Hale & Norcrs. 87
200 Best & Belcher 50 300 Mexican ........ 43
500 Caledonia ...... 87 800 Overman 22
50 Con Cal & V...1 300 Potosl '..... 45
300 Con New York. 03 500 Seg Belcher.... 08
100 Crown Point... 30 600 Yellow Jacket.. 48
Afternoon Session.
50 Belcher '•.." ••• 40 200 Occidental 81
mo Chollar ... 33 ! 300 Overman 21
300 Con New York. 031 200 Potosi 45
100 Crown Point 301 200 Savage 2,
:!ooGouhl "& Curry: 291 200 Yellow Jacket.. 44
100 Mexican 4.51
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 1* 300 Ophir ..US
400 Belcher 40 100 Ophir 1 liJ4
30 Caledonia SO 700 Overman 23
200 Caledonia S7. 200 Overman 2.
100 Caledonia *Sj 300 Potosl ••■•••••■• *»
200 Caledonia S3. 300 Beg Belcher.... m
300Chollar '.. 33 300 . Seg : Belcher 09
SO Con Cal & V.I 72% 200 Sierra Ne\...... 72
100 Con Cal & V...1 75 2<*) Sierra Nev..... 74
300 Con New York. 03 300 Yellow Jacket.. 44
200 Mexican 45 400 Yellow Jacket.. 46
200 Mexican 43 1
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 51 500 Mexican 44
400 Caledonia 75 500 Overman 19
1 hollar 32 500 Potosl -• «
400 Con Cal & V...1 70 200 Potosl ■-••;■■• «
500 Con Cal & V.I 67% 300 Seg Belcher.... 08
200 crown Point... 31 150 Sierra >- e \--;" .1
400 Crown Point... 30 200 Yellow Jacket.. 4o
900 Gould & Curry. 28 : 400 Yellow Jacket.. «
400 Mexican ....... 43 500 Yellow Jacket.. 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, June 7—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Alpha 05 06 Kentuck — J \\
Alta 05 06 Lady Wash.... 01 0 -
Andes 13 14 Mexican « 4 -
Belcher 37 38 Occidental _30 ;:■ —
Best & Belcher 49 50 Ophir 110 1 *j*
Bullion 07 us Overman 18 <-''
Caledonia 75 79 Potosi « 4 ,2
Chollar 30 31 Savage '& <■<
Challenge Con. 36 37, Scorpion (>■> —
Confidence 1051 15 Seg Belcher.... " '_'
Con Cal & V...1 05 1 70 Sierra Xcv 63 ru
Con Imperial... 01 02 Silver Hill 02 03
Crown Point... 2S 30 Syndicate — 0"
Con New York. — 02 Standard 240 —
Exchequer 02 03 St Louis l^ —
Gould A Curry. 27 28 Union Con 42 IS
Hale & Norcrs. 3« 37 Utah — ]>
Julia 02 — Yellow Jacket.. 40 41
Justice IS 13'
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
! Mary Barrett (widow) to Mary A. Keams,
i lot on W line of Masonic avenue, 100 X of St.
; Rose's street, N 25 by \V 144:7; gift.
James M. and Victor E. Rotation to Mary
' J. Rulofson (widow), lot on N line of Sacra-
I mento street, 230 W of Franklin, W 30, N 137:6, ;
E 24:4, a 9:9%. B 5:8, IS 127:8%; gift.
Charles H. Kulofson. Alary J. Rosenberg and
Carrie C. Stlce to same, same; gift.
George and Catherine Schmitt to Aristide
Brand, Jot on S line of Turk street, 112:6 W of
Laguna. W 25 by S 90; $10. etc.
Matthew and Catherine Kavanagh to August
and Marie E. Schaefer, lot on E line of Stelner
street, »2:6 S of Fulton, E 110 by S 27:6; {10.
J. W. and Mary Smith and Bertha Hahn to
O. H. Llppert and A. J. Hahn, re-record 1816
.1 326, lot on S line of Waller street, 206:3 \V of
Filimore, \V 25 by 8 120; $10.
' Peter and Julia Martina to Italian-Swiss
Mutual Loan Association, lot on S line of
Hayes street, 193:3 \V of Lott, VV 25 by S 137:6;
$10.
Nellie B. Reed (Jacobs) to Viojet R. Jacobs,
lot on N line of Washington street, 97:6 W of
Locust, W 40 by N 127:8%; sift.
Vldltt R. Jacobs to Nellie B. Reed, same;
Kilt.
Crarles C. Brewer to George W. and Emma
Brewer, lot on £ line of Twentieth street, 125
' W of Guerrero, W 30 by S 111 (quitclaim deed);
$1000.
Mary A. Leonard to Rebecca V. McFeely, lot
on SW corner of Twenty-second and „ Florida
streets, W 50 by S 104; $10.
Ford Keis- and Samuel Davis to John Pen
ninston, lot on \V line of Folsom street, 135
S of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by W 122:6;. $10.
William E. Foster to Charles Main and E.
11. Winchester (Main & Winchester), lot on
X line of Army street, 131:6 W of Xoe, \V 14S:11
by N 114; $10.
Sharon Estate Company (a corporation) to
Louis Sehoenberg, lot on W corner of Second
; and Jessie streets, N\v 23 by SW 57:6; $18,000.
1 Hattle L. Traverse, Clara Stevens, Robert R.
and Emmr. W. Munro and Theodore F. and
Jennie S. Stevens to Ellen C. Wingrove, lot on
SF, line of Silver street, 195 XE of Fourth, XE
20 by SE 80; $2800.
! Thomas F. Clark to Thomas Clark, lot on SK
line of Minna street, 197:6 NX of Seventh, NX
25 by SE ><); also lot on SE line of Minna
! street, 250 NX of Seventh, XE 25 by SE 75:
also lot on S line of McAllister street, 82:6 W
of Franklin, W 27:6 by S 120; $10.
Mary A. Martin to Walter Welch, lot on W
line of Twelfth avenue, 275 X of California
street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
Alameda County.
Myron T. and Marion B. Holeomb to Richard
W. Tutt. lot on E line of Adeline street. 60:4
S of Sixteenth, S 58:4 by E 127, block 5!>S, Oak
land; $10.
John L. and Lizzie M. Bradbury to F. B.
Yoakum, lot on NW line of Twelfth avenue,
388.04 SW of East Twenty-eighth street. SW
60, NW 132.61, NE 50. SE 130.02 to beginning,
being portion Templeton Tract, East Oakland,
subject to mortgage; $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to E. H.
Congdon. lot 13, block 15, Daley's Scenic Park
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Joseph D. and- Maggie L. Norris to Ella Hale,
lot on S line of Derby street. 350 \V of Grant,
W 120 by S 135, being lot 4, block 1, State Uni
versity Homestead Association No. 3, Berkeley;
«0.
Paul W. and Mary K. Latham to F. A. Ber
lin, lot on E corner of Fremont avenue and
East Fourteenth street or county road. No,
1525, NE 140 by SE 137, being lots 1 to 4, block
H. corrected map Linda Rosa Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $2500.
F. A*, and Priscilla 8. Berlin to William C.
Riddle, same, Brooklyn Township; $1000.
J. W. and Mary E. Phillips and Irvine C.
and Clara K. Lewi? to Theodore J. Bucher. lot
on XV li.. ■ at Bassetl street, v»i S of East
Fourteenth, S 25 by W 125, being lot 41, on map
of Phillips' resubdivided block 733, Levy Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $600.
Manuel F. and Anna Pavilla to Fortune, Fa- I
die. lot on F. line of Main street, 50 S of An
gela, X 50:5, E 125, B 60:5, W 125 to beginning,
being lot 1, block C. of J. B. Neat's revised plan :
Of town of Pleasanton, Murray Township j
Viola and J. S. McCustain to Lev! S. Kelley, 1
lots 12 and 15, on map of Salisbury and Camp
bell resubdivislon of block A, Oakland Heights
Tract. Oakland;\slo.
I J. M. and Mary D. Bartlett to Roy E. Lang
worthy, lot on W line of Adeline street, 369 X
of Fourteenth, X 35 by W 110, block 557, Oak
land; $10.
Walter R. Hoag to John F. Jordhay, lot on |
W line of Ninth street. 152 N of Charming way.
N 50 by W 130, being lot 12. block 123, corrected
map Raymond Tract, subject to a mortgage for
$800, Berkeley: $10.
Eugenic E. Meyer to John Freuler. lots 13 and
14. block B, Htllegass Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Constentine and Maggie Meletlous to Rosa M.
Shattuck (executWx of the estate of F. K.
Shattuck). lot 0 block 15, Shattuck Tract, map
4, quitclaim deed, Berkeley; $10.
Laura A. Pinney (wife of H. B.) to Ellen N. |
Williams, lot on W line of Wilson avenu». 130 ,
N of Chicago avenue, X 50 by W 130, block E,
revised map Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $300.
A. C. Henry to Edward A. White, lot on SW
1 line of Cherry street. 475 SE of Jones avenue,
SW 150, SE 68:01. E 1.13.46. XW 100.38 to be
ginning, being lot 22, block 13, Warner Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $10.
Eleanor S.. Chester and Ella M. Deering to
j S. T. and Christina Isaksen, lot on X line of
j Premiss avenue, 225 \V of Peralta avenue. XE
128, XW 73. SW 123. SE 75, to beginning,
i Brooklyn Township; $10.
Virginia Shaw to George Sterling, all interest
in following: Lot on N line of Thirty-seventh
street, distant NW 602 from W line of Market
street, thence XW 300, NE 326. SE 300, SW
' 326 to beginning, being all of plat A-l; also lot
on W line of Market street, NE 326 distant from
X line of Thirty-seventh, thence XE 339, NW
225. SW 339. SE 225 to beginning, being plat
A-2: also lot on X boundary line of plat B-2,
NW 173.38 distant from-NW corner of plat A-2,
thence SW 412.60, XW 154.89, SE 206.51. NE
231.46. SIC 130. to- beginning, being plat A-2;
also lot on s boundary, line of plat C-2, nw
110 distant from NW corner of plat A-l. thence
! NW 3S. SW 142.07, SE 64.54.-NE 19.38, SE 14.13,
, NW 7.50, NE 178 to. beginning, being the E 38
I feet of plat A-4. all being on map of estate of
Mary Jane Evoy. Oakland: $10. .
Ida M. and William W. White to James Sun
! derland. lot on X line of Hopkins street. 300
1 W of Winters, W 139 by N 410:6. portion subdi
! vision 5, Cameron Tract, East Oakland; $3500.
I James Siinderland to Ida M. White, lot XW
I line of Fourteenth avenue. 119.49 XE of East
Twenty-third street, NX 88.78, NW 167.84. SW
37. SK 156.23 to beginning, block 141, Clinton,
East Oakland; $500.
Mary Hall to George Sterling, lot NE corner
of Pleasant Valley and Piedmont avenues, X
77.27, 161.58, thence S with a radius of 3.X0
feet. 35.90 to X line of Piedmont avenue, thence
W 168.48 to beginning, being lot 1. Piedmont
Cable Tract. Oakland Toknship; $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to
Charles E. Ostrander, lot 225. in plat 11, Moun
tain View Cemetery. Oakland Township, $42.
Margaret and Samuel ' Poorman to Sophia
j May, Bertha S. Meyers and August. George B.
I and Henry May. right of way for ditch to ex
! tend from county road at Newark to Alvarado,
I NX to SW line of lands of second party, etc,
j Washington Township; $1.
| Builders' Contracts.
I Charles S. and Ida M. Osborn (owners) with
George .X. Salsbury (contractor), architect
none. Alterations and additions to make a
two-story frame building (flats) at 1606 Bush
i street, near Franklin; $1349.
■ ■ Jonas Schoenfeld (owner) with Ickelhelmer
Bros, (contractors) architects Salfleld & Kohl
berg. Gas fitting and plumbing for three
three-story frame buildings on S line of Pine
street, 157:6 \V of Octavia, W 87:6 by S 137:6;
$4950. • .-.:.
Same owner with Lutge & Nagel (contrac
tors), architect same. Painting and graining
for same on same; $1450. -
Joseph Hyman (owner) with F. W. Kern
(contractor), architects. Percy & Hamilton.
All work for additions to a two-story frame
dwelling on N line of California ■ street, No.
.1916; $1260. ......
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants" Exchange, i 8
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visi: the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
cf interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Naval
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any, is published
tn the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
\ Vf ' n v.' y ~ five ml "utes Inter than at Fort Point;
the n. ight of. tide Is the same at both paces.
THtTRSDAY, JUNE !
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and th* successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand ™iumn gives th<!
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign C— ) precedes the height,
nnd then the number given Is subtracted froir
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
refpr^nr-e Is the mean of th«> lower low liters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, V. P. N , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Prancisc-i. Cal.,
June 7. 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the now F.-rrr
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
f. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. T r . S. N.. In rh.irL-p
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Wednesday, June 7.
?tmr George Loomis, Rrirlgett, 34 hours from
Ventura.
Sohr Twilight,. Hansen, 3 days from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Aloha) Jorgenpon, 12 hours from Point
Arena.
Stmr Coos Ray, Hall, S4 hours from New
port .(S). etc.
Ptmr Scotia, Lundqulst, 18 hours from Rock
port.
Stmr Arcata. R^ed. 44 hours from Cooa Bay,
via Port Orford 36 hours.
Br ftrar Wellington. Salmond, 84 hours from
Comox.
S'hr Viking, Peterson, 5 days from Grays
I Harbor.
CLEARED.
Wednesday, June 7.
Ptmr Curacao, Yon Helms. Guaymas; Good
all, Perkins A Co.
Ger stmr Tai Fu. Schuldt, Portland: master.
N"..r stmr Titania, Egenes, Nanalmo; John
K'.senfeld's Sons.
Schr Chalres Hanson, Dannevig, St Michael;
master.
SAILED.
Wednesday, June 7.
' U S stmr lowa. Terry. Port Orchard,
Stmr Curacao. Yon Helms, Guaymas.
Ptmr Weeott. Dunham, Eureka.
Stmr State of California. Goodall, Astoria,
Ptmr Santa Roj^a. Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Pasadena, Hamilton. Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent C'lty.
Stmr Coqutlle River. Thompson, Grays Har
bor.
Br stmr Bristol, MeTntyre, Xanaimo.
Br shi!' Sierra Nevada, Scott, Queenstown.
Schr Maxim. Olsen. Caspar.
Sohr Charles Hanson. Dannevlg, St Michael.
Schr Joseph an.i Henry, Arff, Coqullle River.
Schr Mlzpah. Peterson. Coquiile River.
Schr .I.hn A. Nilsson, Eureka.
Schr Nettle Btmdborg, Nelson, .
S. lir Mi-tha Nelson, Rice, Tacoma.
Sdir Ruby A Cousins. Knuusen. .
Schr Webfooi. Atwood, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT I-OROS. June 7, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind S\V; velocity 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Allen A loads mdse for Kahulul: W H
Dimond. mils' 1 for Honolulu.
The Ben I.cc is chartered for wheat to- Eu
rope. July ((fading;, at 30s.
The Robert Lewers, loads redwood at Eureka
for Honolulu.
SPOKEN
May lfi. lat 19 31 N. long 124 34 W— Br ship
James Kerr, from Tacoma, for Liverpool.
April 21, lat l\ 4> N. long 165 12 W— Ship Mar
ion, from Seattle, for Manila.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH— Passed June 7— Ger bark Prompt, fm
' Guaym.-is.
CASPAR— SaiIed June 7— Schr Abbie. for San
Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June 6— Stmr Noyo,
hence June ■"..
COOS BAY- Arrived June 7— Stmr Alice
Blancbard. hence Juno 2.
SaileJ Juno 7— Stmr Alcazar, for San Fran
> PORT GAMBLE— Sailed June 6— Schr Ameri
can Girl, for San Diego
Arrived Juno fi— Bktn Jane L Stanford, from
' Port Blakeley.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived June 6— Stmr
' ' N«wbarg, hence June 2.
i Sailed June 6— Schr Guide, for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGEJ»ES Arrived .lunp >-Stmr
' laguna. from . .Tune 7— Haw stmr San Ma
teo, from Nanalmo.
' ASTORIA -Sailed June 7— Br ship Glenfinart,
1 j for yueenstojvn; ?tmrs Fulton and Columbia.
• ■ for sm Franc'.sco.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 7— Schrs Occidental
1 nn.l Laura POte add stmr Sunoi, f,, r San Fran
cisco; l>ktn Eureka, for ; schr Sparrow, for
San Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 7— Stmr Progr-eso, for
San Francisco; stmr Oirigo, for Dyea.
TACOMA— Arrived June 7— Schr W H Tal
bot, trova Honolulu: stmr Mackinaw, hence
June 2; stmr Klihu Thomson, hence June 1.
!•"• OtSIGN PORTS.
LI /.ARD— Passed June s— Ship R D Rice fm
London, for New York.
i COLON— Sailed June o— Stmr Advance, for
Xriv York.
. i HAMBURG— SaiIed June 3— Br ship Arctic
i ! Stream, for Port Los Anßelea.
HONGKONG Arrived prior June 7— Jap stmr
• America Maru, hence May 6
CARDIFF-Sailed June 7— Br ship Glfford, for
: San Francisco.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS
ROTTERDAM-Arrlved June 7— Stmr Maaa
dam. fmm Liverpool, via l'.olousne
MoviLLE— Arrived June 7— Stmr Ethiopia,
frim New York, for Glasgow.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived June 7-Stmr New
"\i>rk. from New York
, ' CHERBOURG— SaiIed June 7-Stmr Kaiser
Frieuerich, from Bremen, via Southampton, for
New York.
, LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 7— Stmr Ultonia.
from Boston; stmr Majestic, from New York.
HONGKONG— Arriver previously June 7 —
Stmr America Haru, from San Francisco, etc.
: LONDON— Arrived June 7— Stmr Manitou, fm
i New T( rk.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 7— Stmr Rhyn
land, from Philadelphia, for Liver: !.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 7— Stmr St Paul.
i for Southampton : stmr Noordland, for Ant
werp; stmr Britannic, for I^iverpool.
l Arrived June 7— Stmr Bulgaria, from Ham
• burg, etc; stmr Teutonic, frum LiverpooLALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
MAYOR WILL
NOT VOTE TO
ELECT MILLER
Hodgkins Chosen for
Chief of Police.
DOW WOULD FIRE BALL
FRED MURDOCH PROPOSED FOR
FIRE CHIEF.
Evidence That There Is Not Any
Prospect of Lovemaking Among
the Members of the
Board of Works,
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■ '.way. June 7.
Mayor and the City Attorney each
d a partial victory at the City Hall
■• 7 ":rii,g: the taking of votes on
■ propositions much suppressed 111
--ng was shown am ing the three mem-
Perhaps the most significant Inci
dent of the meeting ■■ ••■ declination
of th» Mayor t I re-election
of Superlnti - Miller.
- a choice,
I tetecrh - made i Jbief of
Police n was promoted
to '-ap'Rii:, while Captain Morrison waa
reduced t > the ranks. .\o other changes
gh Sergeant Scanlan
will, when Chief Fl< res on July
:ed from Bergeant to patrolman.
Attorney Dow sprung a resolution
• k ago naming Fred Mur
■he Fire Department.
■ and City Engineer Clement
ition down.
banges were proposed in
mln. • but were all sent to the
. >!e. Mr. Dow want
iint J. YV. Turner a special offi
: James Brannan; also to
■te Charles nark to be a sergeant;
■ mote anoth-r Charles f'.ark to
man Charles? Clark; also
acant the job of Foreman John
Fire Department.
things went to the committee
ggestive shots had been
• by all three commit
■ was very surprising to the
Mayor and Mr. Clem* nt
i-'.'ied on so man) propositions, leaving
Mr. Dow in the . old.
1 that
■ not having been In
-<y would not be dis
. Ac Intel! ■
Mr. Dow attempted to force matters this
ut he was checked.
■n it was known
If Mr. Mill* r \\ ■ r« be and
Mr. ntrol the Board of
rfit was made of this
To-daj Mr Dow Introduced a resolution
Becking to lm Mr Mi! er for another
i Iroitly voted iro
with Mr. ('lenient, remarking that as Mr.
r would hold office until his a
BOr -■ was no : ■
such resol
• n to r< move the lire chief
produced m both the
Mayor and Mr. Dow. The Ma i
- fcfcl ■ :::!:, m wUli
.:. . • ■ . ■ th< n mil I ■-• iif
I >r,u ren
mccl ing '■ d th it
- ferred
ibjectl
but would let
out of deference to Mr.
I applications to be ex
• the Police 1 >e
that there
I lition to the force next
ited money.
■ I i 1 ••■iiient
Cor ting to those men
who had vi - i
Bed as
y say
raisi I -■ hopes,
Mr. Clemei I ed the conversation
' Mr.
him by Baying, "Call it
now stand, each of the
his choic e • I
■ artments. Mr
Mr. Dow has Su
' -rid the Mayor will
hief Hodgkins. The
of the past month
shows that Mr. Snow has the whip
Mr. Dow, even with all !.
■ force
Ma) "i Snow red i I with
the i rtment by siding with Of
ntlj tined $:;oo
for beating Con Fitzgerald, whom
to be ap •
.... ( igden was told of the
Ma lid that he was
fori ed U • • ■ ■ testimon of wit
• i who appeared to him to be telling
iruth.
Smallpox at West Oakland
•)A X LAN! >. Jun< 7 Consid<
st»-n:atioji was <yt;it>'l In Wesl Oakland
,y through the discoverj by Health
r Todd of a ca : !<■ x ai 1913
Magnolia street, near Thirty-third, The
unfoi ctin Miss Lily (
who was removed from the M
GRAPE-NUTS.
•©••••©•••^•©••••••••«
• POOR TEETH §
2 •
2 2
| Come from |
® Lack of Chewing. ©
© 0
% DENTISTS i
I ENDORSE S
! GRAPE-NUTS I
© 2
I THE FAMOUS FOOD. •
0 9
•••••••••••••••••••••O
USE PRESERVES THE
TEETH.
The finest specimens of teeth are seen
in animals and human beings who
chew the food thoroughly.
Dentists agree that teeth must be
used to properly preserve them and
therefore they urge people to chew
their food thoroughly, but the nervous,
hurried manner of eating Is altogether
too common amonir Americana and
when fed on soft mushes they are liable
to swallow the food without chewing.
Dyspepsia and bad teeth are th re-
sult if this practice is continued. True,
one can eat soft food without detri-
ment if the necessity of chewing is re-
membered. Grape-Nuts are bo crisp
and brittle and withal bo pleasant to
the taste that the user cannot forget
to chew and thus the teeth get the
necessary use and the glands of the
prums ire made to give the Juices that
Nnture intends Shall be mixed with th.-
food before it enters the stomach.
These .ire not the only reasons why
those who rat Grape-Nuts look nour-
ished and well fed.
Price 15 cents per package.
£, ♦' w , nere s h« had beon under treat
ment, it in claimed now that there is
also smallpox at the Maclean.
On. Podd and Crowley examined the
patient and pronounced it a case of small
pox and immediately ordered the house
'luaramined.
PRETTY AFTERNOON WEDDING.
Nuptials of Miss Jessie Glascock and
Alex R. Baldwin.
OAKLAND, June V.— The residence of
Mr. and Mrs. John R. Glascock, 529 Jack
son street, was the aoene of a pretty
j home wedding at 2 o'clock this afternoon,
wh. >i their talented daughter Jessie wan
made the bride of Alexander R. Baldwin,
a popular young attorney of San Fran-
CtS< o. Rev. Robert Ritchie, rector of St.
| i"aul s Episcopal Church, officiated.
ihe bride wae gowned In heavy white
satin made en train and carried lilies of
the valley. She wore the white pearls as
i well as the lace her mother had worn at
j her own wedding. The bridesmaids, Mlsn
Holle Mhoun and Frances Baldwin, were
in white organdie over white silk, with
bow knots of white. They carried pink
sweet peas. Alien Wright acted as best
! man.
After the ceremony a wedding breakfast
was served, and with the best wishes of
the. sixty-six guests present the happy
parted on thoir honeymoon, its
destination being k*pt a strict secret.
PARENTS TO SUE
JUSTICT LARUE
SEQUEL OF 'ARREST OF BOYS
WHO PAID NO FARES.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, June 7.
Within the next few days Justice Larue
will be made defendant in three suits for
the recovery of (299 in each case for false
imprisonment. The suits will be filed by
C. E. Kinard, as attorney for the parents
of John Souza, Jesse Alameda and M.
Medierqs, the boys who on May 13 last
were arrested at Sather station on
charges of evading the payment of faros
while they were riding in an empty box
car, bent on a trip to San Leandro to
•'■ asi upon ripe cherries. The boys, each
aged about 12 years, were haled Into Jus
tice Larue's court, pleaded guilty while
wholly Ignorant of the import of their so
doing and were each sentenced to three
days' imprisonment in the County Jail.
They served their time, and now their
parents declare the tables will be turned.
Incidentally, the new method employed
by Constables in their efforts to avoid "the
rule that precludes fees for arrests with
out a warrant was brought out in bold re
lief by Kinard's investigations. Con
stables, it appears, now supply themselves,
with a small batch of "John Doe" and
'■Richard Roe" warrants each clay, mak
ing them fit any case that might'"turn up
in their bailiwick during the day. Then
after an arrest is made and the prisoner
haled to court, his name is added to the
fictitious name as an alias.
"In the case of the three boys arrested
for evading their fare," said Kinard to
day, "the warrants were made out in
fictitious names. The warrants were first
dated May 8. This was subsequently
scratched and May 12 inserted, and on
these the boys were arrested. Later, in
court, their names were allased. But
don't forget the arrests were really made
on May 13."
The suits for false imprisonment, how
ever, will be based on section 9 of chap
ter 3 of the statutes of 1876, which pro
vides: "Every person who shall fraud
ulently evade or attempt to evade the
payment of his fare for traveling on any
railroad shall be fined not less than five
nor more than twenty dollars."
Plainly, there is no alternative provided
for imprisoning offenders of the fare
evading stripe, and the parents of the
three boys claim therefore that ' Justice
Larue falsely Imprisoned their children,
wherefore they will ask damages.
■ » ■
PRINCE PONIATOWSKI
IS NOT IN A HURRY
BLUE LAKE SCHEME TO COST
MANY MILLIONS.
Oakland Office San Francisco <'all.
908 Broadway, June 7.
Prince Poniatowskl is not yet ready to;
submit to Oakland bis proposition to pipe!
water from Blue Lakes. Several weeks
ago Mr. Cuvellier Introduced a resolution
ng for a report on certain methods
nging water to the city limits, the
Bition being that the municipality
: io,,k to the distributing system.
Mr. Cuvellier stated th.it I'ririo Ponla
towakl and associates were prepared to
■ -.tit-, some such project, and the <om
mitt<>- was Instructed to make an investi
gation.
A few days ago some members of the
committee went to Ban Francisco to Bee
the Pllnce and Director Pierce of the Blue
Lakes Company, but it waa discovered
that the Investigation was rather prema
ture. The Prince stated that no ultimate
an be had at this time, but he
sted that water might possibly he
. hi here at an outlay of five or six
million dollars. He said further that it
>urse pay to bring water
to this city exri-pt they could make con
y. ith many other cities en route
d the bay to Justify such a large
outla
In a few weeks' time the Prince has
promised to supply matter to the com
• upon which they can base a re
el the Council.
When Mr. Cuvellier first brought the,
rnattt-r up Mayor Snow stated that the
iry to bring Blue Lakes
water to Oakland would be $17.iXm),000. but
those figures were compiled a
method has been found by which they can
be materially reduced.
U. C. PROFESSORS
OFF FOR ALASKA
A.N IMPORTANT EXPEDITION OP
SCIENTISTS.
BERKELEY, June 7.— Another group of
University of California professors has
cted plans for spending the greater
par! of the summer vacation on a scien
tltfic expedition to Alaska. Professor E.
w. Kitt.T of the department of zoology
ami Charles A Keeler, the ornithologist,
left recently vvitli the exploration party
conducted by E. H. Harriman of New
i'ork City. Tiny are t<. b» followed by a
corps of instructors who will confine their
attention exclusively to the Aleutian Isl
wlth the object In view of making
as exhaustive a study as possible of their
flora and fauna.
The party is to consist of Professor
William a. Betchell, h*ad of the <;»-pnrt
ini-nt "f botany; I" w. Lynn Jepson, in
tor in botany; Dr Andrew A. uaw
of the dt-partnit'iit of geology and
l.<. rin B. Ilin.i of the civil engineering
department.
They will leave to-morrow morning,
; going north in one of the Alaska Com
mercial Company'! steamers iiS fai as
Unalaska. Arrangements have been made
for the scientists '<> be put ashore at the
Islands. H<-i» thej will erect a camp and
remain throughout the summer. An
i-..-:n mail steamer will take them <>ff
about the iniorl i •■ of August, so that their
return to the university win be some
j what later than the date nel for the open
ing of tho academic year.
COHEN HEAVILY EINED
Must Pay $360 as Punishment for an
Assault Upon Ivy L. Borden.
OAKLAND. June 7. -Attorney Alfre.l H.
Cohen whs sentenced by Superior JudK<»
Hall to-day to pay a fine of $:wi on con
viction "f simple assault upon ivy L. Bor
den, superintendent of the Artesian Water
Worka of Alameda. Cohen has been given
until to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock to
pay the tine, with the alternative of going I
to jail at the rate of one day for every U I
of the fine.
.Judge Hall expressed his regret to sit in '
iudgment on Attorney Cohen, but said h«> i
believed Cohen was the first at fault in i
! the- altercation in which Borden was i
thrown from his cart, sustaining a broken '
leg The court believed also that ihe
county should be remunerated for the f-x- \
pense of the prosecution. Xotwithstand- j
Ing Attorney Nusbaumer pleaded for hla
Client's inability to pay a stiff fine the
punishment was imposed as noted.
Borden Is compelled to walk with the
assistance of a cane on Jiccount of hit*
; permanent injury, and now has a $20,000
I damage suit pending against Cohen.
THE SAN FTCANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 1899.
PRETTY WIDOW
TELLS HOW SHE
WAS FLEECED
Her Ardent Employer
Proposed a Ride.
ROMANCE OF THE SPRINGS
ARLINGTON GREATLY FEARED
ANOTHER MAN.
Talked of Great Wealth and of Rich
Furniture to Mrs. Minnie Smith
and Then Stole Her
Purse.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, June 7.
Mr*. Minnie M. Smith, an attractive
young widow, told Judge Qulnn this af
ternoon of a very interesting trin she
took with a reputed wealthy miner to
Piedmont Springs a few weeks ago. The
reputed wealthy miner. Mr. Arlington,
alias Mr. Hobbman, alias several other
! names, sat in court while the little widow
| told how he had played a very smooth
confidence game.
Some time in April Mrs. Smith was look
; ing for employment. Through a friend,
| Mrs. Henn, who resides at the Hotel
: Mcrritt. she was Introduced to Mr. Arling
ton. He is a fatherly looking old gentle
| man, with hair almost white, but with
; none of that vim and attractiveness which
; might be supposed to endear him to
I bright women. Yet this reputed wealthy
miner has a record of which he ought not
j to be proud. He has seen the Inside of
; the Alaineda County Jail, is not unac
quainted with the interior of San Quentin,
' and the detectives assert that he is known
elsewhere. In each instance the trouble
was caused by his confidential dealings
with a woman. His latest conquest and
probable defeat were told with much de
tail and very earnestly by Mrs. Smith.
"After 1 had been introduced to Mr.
\ Arlington and he had been informed by
, Mrs. Henn that 1 was looking for a situa
tion, he rather startled me by his first
remark. He said: 'I am a very plain
spoken man. Now. let us understand each
other at once. Is there any man in this
case?' I told him there certainly was not;
that I always acted for myself. Then if
| there is no man in it,' he said, 'we will
: talk business.' He told me that he had a
daughter whose welfare must be the most
important duty of any housekeeper he
, might employ. He said he was going to
furnish a house and had been recommend
led to look at a flat on Hobart street. He
suggested that I go with him to see the
I place and help him to arrange for fur
, nishing It. Money .was no object with
i him. and he wanted everything nice and
i convenient, both for himself and his
housekeeper and daughter. We went to the
house, and after satisfying ourselves that
it would be very convenient we walked
several blocks, when Mr. Arlington men
tioned that I must be tired and that It
I would be better to ride. An electric car
j was passing, and after we boarded it he
told me that he was not feeling very
bright and that if I had no objection we
would take a ride to Piedmont Springs.
I agreed to go, and as soon as we arrived
he saw some one to whom he wished to
speak, and left me on a bench for a few
minutes, sending me a glass of lemonade.
When he returned he threw a bag of pea
! nuts in my lap. Then he asked me if 1
; could change $20 for him. I told him that
j I could not, as 1 had not that much
, change. As soon as I opened my purse
ihe said, 'I will take care of that.' I pro
: tested, but he said, 'I'll pay for anything
that we spend out of it and will settle
with you.' I made a vigorous protest, and
he expressed great surprise that I should
ibe auspicious of an honorable man. He
said that compared to his wealth all I
', might have would be but a drop in the
bucket. I demanded of him that he give
; me my purse back, but he would not do
so."
At this point the widow's attorneys
promptly cut off her story, and when
Arlington's attorneys wanted to know
what transpired after the purse-snatching
they were also shut off by the rules of
■ cross-examination. In several ways At
torney Aldrich wanted to know what
transpired between the time her money
was taken from her at the springs and the
I time she swore to the warrant for the
arrest of Arlington. They could make no
headway against the court's rulings and
this part of the mystery was not divulged.
Mrs. Smith said the purse contained
$214 85. of which $20") was In greenbacks.
Mrs. Henn. who introduced the widow
to the alleged wealthy miner, was to have
been the next witness for the people, but
I she did not appear and the trial of the
case went over for a week.
Arlington's attorneys had asked Mrs,
i Smith the question, "Do you see anybody
i in the courtroom that was at the springs
when the incident happened?" and she
replied "No." Her attorney had her re
called to ask her if she had riot seen one
man In the courtroom at the springs, to
which she replied, shaking her fist at Ar
lington "Yes, certainly; I saw that gray
haired man there, of course."
AN ANGRY FATHER
THREATENS KEATING
YOUNG MISS BARNETT IS THE
CENTRAL FIGURE.
Oakland Office San Franctsro Call,
908 Broadway, June 7.
Somewhat of a mystery hangs over a
fraras that occurred at the Receiving:
Hospital entrance la«t night. Isaac Bar
nett acknowledged to-night that he had
bei n mixed up with W. J. Keating,
warden of the insane, and said it was all
over hit; daughter, but he declined to say
anything further. Keating also declines
to discuss the matter.
Matron McDonald of the hospital heard
the whole affair and gives the following
version «f it:
"It was the most disgraceful affair I
ever witnessed at the hospital. I was busy
In the kitchen, when through the window
I 'saw an elderly man, Isaac BarneH. waU
to the sid« entrance lo the hospital. Mr.
Keating came to the door and Mr. Bar
nett shouted to him that he was the man
iie was looking for. 'You have ruined my
daughter,' said Mr. Barnett, at the sam.:
time applying ;i vile epithet and mt. ring a
vile oath." Then the two men went at each
Other hammer and longs, and soon Mr.
Barnett's son came running over from
across the street to take his father's part.
Then the girl, who is about 16 years old.
came over, too, and appeared to take Mr.
K eating's part, for the brother grabbed
her by the hair and, nulling her away,
slapped her. Just then Mr. Borchert came.
hurrying out of the hospital and stood off
young Barnett. In the meantime a great
.'•rowd gathered on the sidewalk and in the.
street Young Barnett tried to blow his
i»oriee whistle, but Borchert prevented
him. Later, after the row was all over,
( )flli-er Powers came upon the scene, but
hi ai ■! -rsts were made.
"I hoard the girl say that she would kill
herself as she tearfully left the premises."
Inventor Hoe's great story, "How I
Built the First Printing Press," in
next Sunday's Call.
RICH MAN'S COSTLY BATHS.
Executor of Streitberger Estate Sued
on a $2000 iuejected Claim.
OAKLAND, June 7.— D. H. Thompson
this afternoon filed suit in the Superior
Court against D. Burns, executor of the
estate of Christopher Streitberger, de
ceased, for the recovery of $1000 for elec
trl'- treatment rendered Streitberger dur-
Ing two j'ears prior to his death, In July,
1898; also $500 for meals and refreshments
furnished and $f>oo for travel to and from
the Hammam Baths. San Francisco, and
administering baths. The claim was
finally rejected by the executor on March
28. 18S9, and Thompson asks judgment for
$2000 with interest at 7 per cent per annum
from that time. Streltberger's estate was
appraised at over $2'X),000.
CONGRESSMAN KAHN
BACK FROM WICHITA
WAS DELEGATE TO THE TRANS
MISSISSSIPPI CONGRESS.
Congressman Julius 8. Kahn returned to
this city yesterday from Wichita. Kana.,
where he haa been in attendance sJt the
Transmississippi Congress. Mr. Kahn
represented the local Chamber of Com
merce at and was prominent in the de
liberations of the convention.
He distinguished himself especially in
his advocacy of legislation favorable to
American ships being manned by Ameri
can seamen. When in the course of a
speech he referred to the battleships now
being built in the United States and men
tioned the Oregon, the whole convention
rose to a man and cheered for several
minutes.
Mr. Kahn was also called upon to re
spond to the addresses of welcome of Gov
ernor William P. Stanley of Kansas, who
presided at the gathering, and that of
Mayor Ross, Mayor of Wichita. In his
answer he spoke of the great progress
made In the western half of the country
during the past half century, saying that
the history of California was the history
of the transmississippi States.
"The convention was attended by nearly
400 delegates," said Mr. Kahn when seen
last evening. "Subjects of great impor
tance to the nation were discussed and
resolutions favorable to the irrigation law,
merchant marine, beet sugar Industry, the
Isthmian canal and other matters of gen
eral interest were passed. Condemnatory
resolutions were also passed against coo
lie contract labor. Beneficial results are
certain to be obtained by the work of the
congress just closed. We were treated
royally and the visit will always be a
pleasurable recollection to me."
■ ♦ ■
E. W. SPAULDING IS
TRACED TO LOS ANGELES
The Defaulting Insurance Cashier
Still Undiscovered — Belief That
He Has Gone South.
Since E. W. Spaulding. assistant cashier
of the Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
i pany, absconded the officers of the com
pany here have made diligent Inquiry to
ascertain his whereabouts. They are anx
ious to learn what use he made of the
sum of $7500 which represented the
amount of his shortage.
Detectives engaged by the company
traced the absconding cashier from this
' city to Los Angeles, but lost the trail at
: the latter place and have not been able
! to find It. Men with whom Spaulding was
! well acquainted saw him on the owl train
!en route to Los Angeles. Spaulding said
'to one of the men with whom lie con
! \ ersej on the train that he was going
! sr-uth on business for the Fireman's Fund
' ar.d would be In Los Angeles for several
days. It is surmised that Spaulding con
-1 tniued his Journey south, but the detec
tives have no trace of his movements
i after he arrived In Los Angeles. ,
H is the belief In the office of the com
pany that Spaulding took the money to
■ help a friend out of trouble and when the
person assisted failed to keep a promise
o' payment the assistant cashier was
bqi zed from time to time for the ad
vancement of the additional sum in the
nope that the whole amount might be re
covered in the end. 1 !i- sum of $7500 13
tlie exact amount of the embezzlement.
Efforts of the company to overhaul and
'. bring back the fugitive will not be re
-1 laxetL
GRADUATES SOCIAL SESSION.
The Commercial Club Holds Its First
Grand Celebration.
The first grand celebration of the Com
! mercial Club was given at Union Square
Hall last night. It was a splendid suc
cess and reflected much credit upon the
; young students of Sacred Heart College,
who compose the organization. a large
number of invitations had been Issued,
I and when the curtain arose on the first
1 number of the programme the body of
the hall was packed.
The talent contributing the musical fea
; tures of the evening was excellent. Matt
Keefe, a promising young California
; tenor, rendered several songs and en
-1 hanced the evening's enjoyment. Joe
Murry, a barytone, and L. Lobe were re- i
peatedly encored and displayed high vocal
; culture. \V. J. Hynes, in comic selections,
won the audience, and Miss Victoria
Orr's "coon" songs elicited much' ap
■ plause. Miss Juliet Turpin appeared m
fancy dances. Her Japanese and sailor
i dances were very graceful and novel. A
Cakewalk by Smith and Stetsen and se
lections by Professor Graeber's mando
lin, banjo and guitar class closed the en
tertainment.
At 10 o'clock dancing commenced, and
several hours were whlled away in a most
pleasant fashion. The following are the
committees having the affair in charge:
Committee of arrangements— A. Mohun, Ed- i
ward Barrett, J. C. Quintan, Maurice J. Con
don.
Reception committee — V>~. McGulre, H. Mo- '
Dermott, A. Stealy, 11.I 1 . Mehern, J. Thomas, F.
Oneto.
Floor — Maurice .T. Condon.
First assistant— J. C. Quinlan.
Second assistant — W. Fennessey.
Floor committee — A. Mohun, /.Shea, F. Ken
nedy, Edward Barrett, T. S. McGrath, W. M.
Condon.
The members of the club are all grad
uates from the commercial course of the
college. The alumni of '90 are Ed Barrett
Al Mohun, F. Oneto, R. McDermott \V
Fennessey, P. Mehern, F. Farrell, G.
Hughes and Joe Byrne.
CHURCH AND BIBLE.
Father O'Ryan Preaches Before the
Catholic Truth Society.
Very impressive were the religious ex-
I ercises held last night at St. Mary's Ca
thedral under the auspices of the Catholic
Truth Society. The exercises Included the
Biniging of the hymns "Venl Creator "
"Tantum Ergo" and "Te Deum." Solemn
benediction was also celebrated.
Father Philip O'Ryan preached an in
teresting sermon on the subject, • '.'The
Church and the Bible." In the course of
his remarks he said:
The Bible is not merely the work of th«
j church, but the work of God himself, who In
i spired Its writings. There are three things
j requisite for a clear conception of the holy
scripture?, namely: That the Holy Ghost In
spired and moved the writers to give utterance
to the truths therm contained, He suggested
the things that were written and he preserved
the writers themselves from error.
To properly understand the Bible a divine
Interpreter Is necessary, and we have such an
Interpreter In the Catholic Church, who has
defended the writings from the attacks of it's
enemies. The church Is the official authority
of the Bible and she speaks Infallibly when
once she has spoken. She teaches what' is
! scripture and what Is not,' and It Is only
through her that we can arrive at a Just con
i elusion regarding the sacred book.
Possible Ptomaine Poisoning.
Oracle Gordon, 2! yean of age, died in
the lodging-houpo at 17A Sixth street la-st
night under conditions which indicate
ptomaine poisoning:. Miss Gordon, ac
companied by her mother, took dinner in
a Stockton street restaurant Tuesday
: night, and amiins other things ate a dish
i of mussels. On her return home she was
I taken violently ill. Dr. Arlington, who
was immediately called in. diagnosed the
case as poisoning, and treated his patient
! for It until 9:30 last night, when she died.
I The body was taken to the Morgue and an
autopsy will be held to determine the ex
act cause of death.
Captain and Mrs. Nevills Return.
Captain and Mrs. W. A. Nevllls, who
were victims of the recent accident on the
Sierra Railway, running from Oakdale to
Sonoma, returned to their home yester
day. Mrs. Nevllls was the more seriously
Injured of the couple and will be confined
tc her bed for an Indefinite period aa a
suit of Injuries to the spine. Dr. Win
slow Anderson, who is in attendance, has
prescribed absolute rest. Captain Nevills
fared somewhat better. No bonea were
broken, though he was considerably
Rhaken up.
. ♦ .
Story of the richest clergyman in
the world, in next Sunday's Call.
SPRING SPECIAL
FOR ADMIRATION
Track Record Lowered
at Gravesend.
ETHELBERT RUNS SECOND
MILE AND A SIXTEENTH COV
ERED IN 1:46 1-4.
At the Harlem Course Queen of Song,
a Winner, and Mitten, a Placed
Horse, Are Disqualified
for Fouling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 7.— The event of the
day at Grave-send was the Spring Special,
in which Ethelbert was an odds-on favor
ite, Admiration being well backed for the
place. Admiration went out to make the
pace and ran a hot one. Ethelbert rated
along a length and a half behind In second
place. When he attempted to make up
the gap Odom let out kink on Admiration
and in a record-breaking finish she won
by a neck in new time for the track.
Results:
Five and a half furlongs — Modrine won.
Withers second, Pettifogger third. Time,
1:08%.
Spring: special, one and a sixteenth miles —
Admiration won. Ethelbert second, Tragedian
third. Time, 1:46 V
Six furlongs— Ben Hadad won, Danforth sec
ond, St. Clair third. Time, 1:15.
Selling, mile and a furlong — The Gardener
won, Kstaesi second, Handpress third. Time,
1:54%.
Five and a half furlones, selling;— Belle of
Orleans won, Lottie Cheville second, Innovator
third. Time. 1:09.
Hurdle, one and three-fourths miles — Arque
bus won, Premier second. Forget third. Time,
3.19.
ST. LOUIS, June Track fast. Re
sults:
Six furlongs. Belling— Chiffon won, Trust Me
second, St. Augustine third. Time, 1:16.
One and a quarter miles, selling — Jimp won.
Basqull second. Farondelle third. Time,
2:lt)i4.
One and a sixteenth miles — Meadowthorpe
won. Crocket second. Lady Callahan third.
Time, 1:50.
Six furlongs— Kensington won, Fausturo sec
ond, Gibraltar third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs— Southern Girl won. Sam Phil
lips second, Alice Turner third. Time, 1:01%.
Mile, selling— II won. Eight Hells sec
ond. Red Pirate third. Time. 1:42%.
CHICAGO, June 7.— the second race
at. Harlem to-day Mitten, who finished
second, was disqualified for fouling.
■Queen of Song won the third event by a
■ length and was disqualified for fouling.
Track fast. Results:
One mile, maidens— Heroics won, Tulane sec
ond, Charlo third. Time, 1:41%.
Five furlongs, selling, two-year-olds — First
Past won, Maharajah second, Hilda H third.
Time, l:02' 2 .
Six furl Flora Louise won, Hugh Penny
second, Pope Leo third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, filing— Graziella won. Kings
Guard second. Phidias third. Time, 1:43%.
Four and a half furlongs, two-year-olds—
' Ailanto won, Inlook second, Jeff third. Time,
:55%.
Six furlongs— Pay the Fiddler won. Tenole
second, Murat third. Time, 1:15%.
CINCINNATI. June 7.— Weather fair;
track fast. Results:
Seven furlongs— Aureole won. Full Dress sec
ond, Jessie Jacobs third. Time, 1:28%.
Five furlongs— Highland Lad won. Kilmar
no<:k second, Decoy third. Time. 1:01 V 4.
One and a quarter, miles, selling— H won.
Countess Irma second, Elkln third. Time,
2 :<»',». ...
One mile— Joe' Cirady won, Dashaway second,
Vannessa third Time, 1:42.
Five furlongs — John Yerkes won. Little
Smoke second, P. M. Bailey third.' Time, 1:03.
One mile— Albert Vale won. Guide Rock sec
ond, Sue Nell third. Time, 1:42.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
James R. Ranlett of California Ap
pointed to the Kiowa Indian
Agency.
WASHINGTON. June 7.— A postoffiee
was to-day established at Jrwindale. Los
Angelea County, and O. M. Kaughman
was appointed postmaster. The Postofflce
Department' announced to-day that on
July i a sub-statioj of the Los Angeles
postofflce would be established at 1452 San
Fernando street.
The commission appointed by the Sec
retary of War in pursuance of the act
"i March 3 to examine the roads of Yo
semite National Park has reported to the
Secretary of the Interior for instructions
before proceeding.
James F. -Ranlett of California has been
appointed by the President, as agent for
the Kiowa agency in Oklahoma at a sal
ary of $1800.
Majtsr Jesse M. Lee of the Ninth United
Suites Infantry will proceed from this
city to San Francisco and report in per-
Bon to tile commanding general of the
Department of California for assignment
to temporary duty.
Captain John A. Daprny of the Twenty
third United States Infantry is at his own
request relieved from duty as acting ad
jutant general of militia of the District
of Columbia, and will proceed to San
Francisco and reDort in person to the
commanding general of the Department
Of California for assignment to duty.
Captain Dapray, upon the completion of
the duty to which he may be assigned,
will proceed to join his regiment in the
Philippines.
Major Henry R. Brinkerhoff of the
Third United States Infantry is detailed
for temporary duty on general recruiting
service and will report in person to the
commanding general of the Department
of California for assignment to take
charge of the recruiting station in that
city, to relieve Captain K. H. R. Lough
borough of the Twenty-fifth Infantry.
Private Alvin Ownbey of Battery M
Third United States Artillery. Fort Stev
ens, Or., is transferred as a first-class
private to the Signal Corps. He will be
sent to San Francisco.
The following enlisted men of the Hos
pital Corps at stations designated after
their respective names will be sent to the
Presidio of San Francisco: Hospital
Steward Paul L. Whitmarsh, Fort Meyer
Virginia; Acting Hospital Steward Her
bert Sharman, Fort Huaehuca, Arizona
Territory. The following enlisted men of
the Presidio of San Francisco are trans
ferred as second-class privates to the
Signal Corps. United States army: Pri
vati-s James E. McKinney and Anthony
M. Leafdale, Troop A, Fourth United
States Cavalry; Private Burton B. Hus
ton, Battery O, First United States Ar
tillery; Private Archie M. True, Third
United States Artillery, unassigned.
Pensions: California— Original widows
etc.— Reissue— Kmma M. Garner, San
Bernardino, $20.
Oregon— Original widows, etc., (Special
May 27)— Minor of Leonard Reinoehl Ful
ton, $10.
Three Burglars Captured.
Alfred Fenelius. Harry Sammi and Al
?|on Severance, three young men ranging
rom 17 to 19 years of age, are behind
the prison bars of the Seventeenth-street
station charged with burglary-
The capture of the trio was one of con
siderable merit on the part of Officer T.
J. Connei] of Captain Glllin's division,
who while riding on a Mission-street car
yesterday afternoon saw the three men
driving an express wagon laden with fur
niture along the street. He recognized
them as being thieves, and dropped off
the car and followed them along, when
he met Officer McShane and Imparted to
him his suspicion that the property in
the wagon was stolen.
The officers followed after until the
wagon was halted in front of a furniture
store on Sixth street, where the goods
were removed. Sufficient time was given
for the consummation of a sale, when
the officers entered the store and ques
tioned the three men as to where they
got the furniture, which consisted of
three tables and a dozen chairs, such as
are used in restaurants. The answers
given were unsatisfactory, and the men
were placed undtr arrest. It was learned
that the whole consignment was disposed
of for $5. and was stolen from First ;ive
nue and Carl street, Sunset Valley, a
place which had been used as a restau
rant for railroad hands until recently.
The trio broke into the place and carried
off the goods. The horst- and wagon they
had hired, stating that they wanted it
for the purpose of hauling some wood.
GIVEN KNOCKOUT DROPS.
Peter Ivanoff Causes the Arrest of
Frank Harrington.
. Frank Harrington, well known in the
tenderloin, was arrested on Market street
last night on complaint of Peter Ivanoff,
agent of the Vladivostok Trading Com
pany, and locked in the tanks at the City
Prison. His name was placed In the small
book and he will probably be charged to
day. Ivanoff arrived from Vladivostok
about ten days ago on business and on
Monday night met Harrington. The lat
ter made himself very agreeable and the
pair had several drinks together. The
rest Is mostly conjecture, but Ivanoff
claims Harrington put knock-out drops
in his beer and relieved him of $75.
Last night Ivanoff visited the Olympia
in company with a friend and a few min
utes after he had taken his seat Harring
ton entered and t'">k a seat beside him.
Ivanoff recognizeH his <iuondam acquain
tance and so informed his friend. The
latter advised that he have Harrington
arrested, and when the hitter leff the
place they followed. Just as Harrington
was passing in front of the Midway Plai
sance Ivanoff and his friend accosted a
policeman and had the man placed under
arrest. At the City Prison Harrington
gave the name of F. Williams. He denied
the story told by the young Russian, but
Captain Spillane ordered him locked up.
TO STOP THE FEUDS.
Men Who Sell Toy Pistols to Boy-
Bandits on Telegraph Hill to
Be Arrested.
Following the raid upon the boy ban
dits on Telegraph Hill Tuesday by the
police, during which a number of toy
pistols were captured, warrants were
obtained yesterday by Sergeant Chris
tiansen for the arrest of James Mearns.
1500 Powell street; C. A. Janke. I^l3 Powell
street, and '"John Doe," another keeper
of a variety store, for violating the law
in selling toy pistols to boys. William
Taylor, a salesman in Shreve's gun Btore
on Kearny street, who was arrested
Tuesday night for a similar offense, was
yesterday fined $L'O by Judge Graham.
The shooting of the boy Paul Balda
raceo by Tommy Crofton last Sunday first
drew the attention of the police to the
nuisance and Tuesday night Tony Bar
bini.-a boy living at 429 Union street, was
shot in the arm by John Flynn, another
boy. The boys form themselves into op
posing armies of bands, Irish on the one
side- and Italians on the other, and fire
their toy pistols sometimes with disas
trous results. The police are determine,]
to exterminate the nuisance, ami the ar
rest of the dealers who sell tin toy pis
tols is the first step in that direction.
Recommended Suicide.
Rev. Jay William Hudson of Santa Rosa
addressed Liberty Branch of the Socialist
I,abor party at the Turk-street Temple
last night. His subject was, "The man
with the hoe and hi.s damnation." He
alluded to the European peasant as the
model uf Millet's greal painting, and
agreed with Professor Markham that the
lords and rulers are responsible for his
"aching stoop.'" "Civilized individualism
If aggravated barbarism." In response to
the criticisms of some the speaker said
that if God Is responsible Tor the man
with the hoe he desires to withdraw from
connection with Him. and recommended to
the audience that mankind shall set a day
and commit suicide.
Judge Treadwell Indignant.
When the cases of saloon-keepers
charged with having nickel-in-the-slot
machines on their premises wort- called in
Judge Treadwell's court yesterday he con
tinued the cases for a month and gavi
each side fifteen days in which to file
briefs. The Judge said he had been ap
proached by friends of the defendants in
the City Hall corridors and in his cham
bers as i" these cases, but he wished it
understood that such tactics would not be
tolerated by him and he would do his
duty irrespective of the threats of not
being elected again or anything else.
To Enjoin Gray Brothers.
The "West of Castro Street Improvement
Club has decided to apply the legal test
to Gray Brothers' rock-crushing works at
Caselli avenue. At the meeting of tho
club last night it was announced that a
civil action would be commenced in tin
course of a few days, in which P. Rooney
would figure as ;\ plaintiff. The action,
while it seeks damages, also asks for an
injunction. A general collection has been
taken up to secure the services of an at
torney who will prosecute the case to a
linish".
Eagles Will Not Disband.
All is reported as harmonious in th>^
Fraternal Order of Eagles. A dispatch
from San Jose last evening announced
that the rebellious members of the San
Jrse Aerie had been expelled and that
riuit't had been restored. In this city tin
same course has been pursued, and the
r riginal order stands firm. The trouble
was the result <>f :he determination of
many of the members to create another
Order of Eagles on account of the reputed
had character of some of the officers of
the Grand Lodge.
Deane Off for the Mountains.
County clerk Deane left yesterday
morning for Tuscan Springs, where he
will spend his vacation. He will remain
at the springs until about July 1, and
during his absence his office will be con
ducted by Managing Deputy Joseph God
dard.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
m What You"
laia whether convalescing or
41 What You
whether convalescing or
simply run down from
dSESHgBsbk overwork or other cause,
£~3|fy|S-i is the right kind of tonic
tacyiPl||£3 to build up and make
IS BLATZ
MALT-VIVINE
is the right kind. A malt extract that
for strength producing/ elements has
no equal. Nourishes the blood and
tones up the system. Non-intoxi-
cant. All druggists.
Awarded Mjheit Honor* it Traos-Mlsslsslppi
and luternatioaa! exposition, IX9«.
VAL BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE, L. S. A.
LOUIS CAHEN & SON,
WHOLESALE DEALERS,
416 and 418 Saoramento St. Tel. Main 416. ;
/^\^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
SFfJrx^k ln 1554 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<>"5 KEABKY NT. Established |
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Disriiser, Lost Manhood. Debility or j
disease wearingon botlyand mindana
«^BeHsmUj9 Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
s*SBBEta™Bi others fail. Try him. Charges low
SSmHßQSbl CnrrKcniiriintrrd. Callorwrite.
j>r. J- I'- uIBBOK, Box 1957. Sat: Francisco
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN.
I Will leave Washington street wharf at 8 a. m.
i dally, returning from Stockton at 6 p. m.
' daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
i leave Washington street wharf at 6 p. m.
i dally (excepting. Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805. ■
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJQ.
'. Steamer "Montlcello."
MON., Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
; a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
i days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., 8
p. m. Landing and office. Mission street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508. '
. FAR! ~ oOc
DB. KILMER'S REMEDIES.
LIFE SAVED BY SWAMP-ROOT.
The Wonderful New Discovery
in Medical Science.
SAMPLE BOTTLE SENT FREE BY MAIL.
Swamp-Root, discovered by the emi-
nent kidney and bladder specialist, is
wonderfully successful in promptly cur-
ing kidney, bladder and uric acid trou-
bles.
Some of the early symptoms of weak
kidneys are pain or dull ache in the
back, rheumatism, dizziness, headache,
nervousness, catarrh of the bladder,
gravel or calculi, bloating, sallow com-
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the
eyes, suppression of urine or compelled
to pass water often day and night.
The mild and extraordinary effect of
the famous new discovery. Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, is soon realized. It stands
the highest for its wonderful cures of
the most distressing cases. If you need
a medicine you should have the best.
Sold by druggists in fifty cent and one
dollar sizes. You may have a sample
bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- Root and
a pamphlet that tells all about it in-
cluding many of the thotisands of let-
ters received from sufferers cured, both
sent free by mail. Write Dr. Kilmer «fe
Co., Binghamton, N. V.. and please
mention that you read this generous
offer in the San Francisco Call.
AUCTION SALES.
PLANING MILL MACHINERY
FOR SALE AT AUCTION ON THE PREMISES
THURSDAY, June 29. at 10 O'clock A. M..
One steam engine, 16x42, recent make, Union
Iron Works, with pumps, valves, heater, steam
and feed pipes. One Band re-Saw. 5 feet
wheels, 6-inch blade, will saw 36-Inch stuff S
Inches on one side of the blade and 10 inches
on the other. One Gray & Wood planer. Will
plane 24 by 24 inches and will raise to 30
Inches. ; One 30-inch and one 24-inch surfacers.
and one S-inch buzz planer. Five stickers or
molding machines with knives and tools. One
heavy swing cut-off saw. Two strong rip saws
with counter shafts and belting:. One stave
crozer and one tank bottom (hampering ma-
chine. Two boring machines, three punches.
One wood turning shop complete, four lathes,
cut-off and rip saws, band and Jig saws, shaper.
shafting, belting, tools, etc. One bolt-cutting
machine with full sets of right and left hand
taps and dies. One Blacksmith shoo outfit.
Large amount of shafting and belting. Large
stock of moldings, etc.
WELLS. Rt'PPKT T &■ CO.. Mechanics' Mills,
Cur yig.or.Ti and Frptnont sty.. P. V.
OCEAN TRA\EL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L^ Steamers leave Broadway
■ ¥?bc»w_ wharf. San Francisco:
i rHWIfTSfc or Alaskan ports. 10 a. m,. ■
i iwvw®Sk June 5 - 10 ' 15 ' M - 25 ' 30; July 3 '
ESkKSUfti^ change at Seattle.
i BaSsR f|| For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
HK^HbI C). Port T.iwnsend. Seattle.
l^^^^dwfll Tacoma. Everett, Anacorte*
and New Whatcom (Wash.).
10 a. m., June 5. 10, IS, 20. 25.
30: July 6, and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bav\ 2 p. m.. June
3. 8, 13. 18, 23. 28; July 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucoe, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme.
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., June 1. 5. 9. 13. 17. 21, 25. tii
July 3, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblsno). Santa Barbara, Port
' Los Angeles and Redondo (Log Angeles). 11 a.
m.. June 8. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23. 27; July 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Par.. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month.
• For further Information "Main folder.
The company reserves th* right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
arM hours of saline.
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTNf? * CO.. Gen. Agti..
10 Market St.. Pan Francisco.
m 0. R. ft. IH. on.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE *• - First class including lierth»
iMnL <;<? Second C 1:,..* and Meal«.
Columbia sails June 12. 22; July 2. 12. 22.
State of California sails June 7. 17,-27; July
7, 17, 27.
'Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte,
Helena and nil points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
63n Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent.
.
AMERICAN LINE.
jfSW TORS. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARTI
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul June 7 St. Paul .Time 2%
St. Louis June 14 St. Louis July i
New York June 21 New York July 12
RED *>TAR I INE.
--„. Vo-v ..-^ ?ntw-T
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Noordland June 7 Westernland ...June
Friesland June 14 1 Kensington July 5
Southwark ..June 21 Noordland July 13
EMPIRe LINK.
6e»ttU. St. Ml;hasf. Dawm-. Ci«-».
! For full information regarding freight and pas-
sage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY,
30 Montgomery st., or any of its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL, LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. 1 p. m., for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiog-o), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON MARK v Tuesday, June 27
AMERICA MARK Saturday, July 22
HONGKONG MAR!" Thursday, August IV
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
! freight and passage apply at company's office,
■ 421 Market St.. corner First.
W. B. CURTIS. General Agent.
PHVMIMI S - s - Alameda sails
IEHHIL vla Honolulu and
•C "<» Auckland for Sydney
M™ ■* . Wednesday. June 14,
rsis^ I • at 10 p. m.
i^mMllfW The S. S. Australia
C)lUllll.)IIIU c - / Ba u g for Honolulu
mfflß3l7LJ~ Wednesday, June 28,
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India. Suez,
England, etc.: $610 first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agts.. '14 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
! COMPA&NIK GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
i DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. -»-£-rw
: Sailing every Saturday, at 10 a. m. ■*U£jJjE?»
i from Pier 42. North River, foot of •»■.■ "JUl^Sk
j Morton st. LA BRETAGNE, June 17; LA
i TOURAINE June 24: LA GASCOGNE, July 1;
LA NORMANDIE, July 8; LA CHAMPAGNE.
I July 15. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward.
I 5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre. $4.v. 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
! STATES AND CANADA, 3 Bowling Green.
! New York. J. F. FUGA7JI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery aye., San Francisco.
i HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW YORK-ROTTERDAM, VIA BOU-
logne. The Short Route to Paris.
' NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
I (8300). STATENDAM <10,600). First Cabin, «50
! upward; Second Cabin. $37.
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM, SPAARNDAM.
etc.. $37.
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS. COOK A SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents. 621 Market Street. San Francisco.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS LINE.
NEW YORK— PARIS— LONDON— HAMBURO.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK— LONDON— PARIS— HAMBURG.
Also NEW YORK-HAMBURG Direct.
For sailings, etc.. apply to HAMBURG-
AMERICAN LINE, 87 Broadway, New York.
HERZOQ & CO., Gen. Agents Pacific Coast.
401 CALIFORNIA ST.. cor. Sai^ome. and
.U-'Tw 118 Montgomery st.. San Francisco. .. > ;;
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
910
SCHEMING TO
HAVE DONLIN
CALLED EAST
California Managers
Fear Him.
LANNIGAN SUCCEEDS BALSZ
SANTA CRUZ SECURESTHE STAN
FORD PITCHER.
Donovan Explains Last Saturday's
Occurrence — Country Teams Are
Patching Up Their Weak
Spots.
♦ ■
The only change in the relative posi
tions of the California League teams
during the past week is the slump of
San Jose. By losing two of its throe
Ramos played, both Oakland and Watson
vllle moved up ahead of the Dentists, who
are now in fifth place, Oakland being
third on the list and Watsonville fourth.
But as there i.-. a difference of only
twenty-three points between Oakland and
San Jose II will be seen that a single
pimp is apt to reverse the positions.
Santa Cruz still retains the lead by a
narrow margin over San. Franciaco, while
Sacramento is -till carrying the target.
although causing the others considerable
uneasiness. The percentage of the teams
is as follows:
i- i '- r - 31 111' xI < 111 3
If ?|3
CLUBS, oif I 1 !|| lij I *!§
cJ o . -J•i 1■ = ; .• : S
LiML^'UllL til
Banta Cruz ...j 313 i 2 2 HI 22 .636
J^an Francisco 2 j... 3| 2 3 5 15 251.600
Oakland d 2 ... 3 4 3 12 25 .4811
Watsonville . 12 0 ... -■ 3 11 23J.47S
Ran/Jose n : 6 2 ... : 10 22 .4.".4
Sacramento j 2 2j l lj 1 ... 7 21 .333 i
Lost I 8 jlO |l 3 12 |l 2 Jl4 ...|...|....
The Senators, strengthened by big Ed j
Hutchinson at first, will "in. down here i
this week and renew their arguments with j
the Metropolitans. Hutchlnson has been
working hard since he signed with the
champions, and Is rapidly rounding into !
his old time form. Ed will be remem
bered as one of the original Texas
leaguers and the i ranks will welcome him
most cordially. In former days he was
easily one of the greatest first basemen in
the State, and although he had not .
touched .i ball for ten months prior to ',
signing with the Statesmen he says he
find* little trouble in getting back into <
condition. He played with the team last
■week and was an Important factor In win- j
nine the lirst game against the Mets. I
Harvey, too; is succeeding nicely in thaw- i
ing out his arm. and with those two men
playing their natural game the Senators
will put up a mighty Interesting debate j
with any team In the ague.
There is going to be an ■.;• sting time
nt San Jose this week, when the Lobsters
go up against the Prune-pickers. Dr. Mc-
Graw has been busy since Sunday in get
ting his men into condition, with most ex
< ellcnt results. The Orchardists have been
practically reconstructed within the past '
two weeks, and while their Individual
work is good, the games last week show
ed them to be sadly lacking in team work.
Take Leake and Graham, for instance.
They were both graduated from the ama- I
tdir ranks and put into exceedingly fust ]
company, and that, too, when they had
rot played since the first of May. having
be<n engaged in preparing for the exami
nations at Santa. Clara College. After last
Sunday's game both men were so sore
they could hardly move. Then there is
ODea, who has lust recovered from a
long illness and has had no opportunity
t«. accustom himself to his associates'
style of play. Bui the team is working in- ,
dustriously, and not one of its members
has any fear of the outcome of the meet
ing with Santa Cruz.
Oakland will battle with Watsonvil
the 1 . plat c. The
tiling opponents t>\
n\i, ■ ■ 10 the out
will b< watched with Interest In .ul
■ wns.
Louie Balsz has earned his release from
. received it. Balsz
: . but failed to appreciate
that Donlin was his superior. ■
inted to pose as the star
The trou
bli began at the time of the team's
is ■ :• ■ Balsz was scheduled
bul wanted to
before th< Sundaj crowd, so '.•
■ uniform. Sunda> morn-
Ing at Oakland he lid not appear ai all,
but In the afternoon he came out In all
his glory, but only played on the bench,
then he has been Bulking, and Tues
day Tuttle released him. Lannigan, the
crack pitcher ol >■ il >rd, has already
Igned in place of Balsz, so the team
■will noi be crippled any.
There is a dark plot among Borne of the
league magnates to lose Donlin to B
Cruz. They realize that with him in the
box the Lobsters have a moral cinch on
the flag and they would like to see him
out of the game in this State. Fur that
>n it is doubtful if any California
l>laycr has ever been so highly recom
mended to Eastern managers as has Don
lin been. HarriH has written to Jim Hart
extolling the Santa Cruzan to the skios
and advising the Chicagoan to secure him
at once at any price, Borchers has sent
back about the Bame thing to Detroit ai d
letters to other managers have gone Ea--u
It Donlin is wise . however, he will remain
right here for the balance of this Beason
and d< rote himself to gaining abs
control of the ball. There Is no doubt that
1" Is a v. i-arring his wlldm-*.*
and when he overcomes thai one fault he
can take his pick of a dozen offers from
the E
• I:i ' '■ of < lakland is badly cut
up over the comments on his playing hist
letter to The Call Dono
frankly states thai when he bump d
i off his feel at third he did it iu
tentionalh and for the reason thai ODea
had the bag blocked so completely th-it
lid not reach It without running out
ol 111 . being called out by the
umpire according to rule. Consequently
he adopted the only course left and ran
Intr. OTDea, upsetting him. ODea took
chances on thai when he deliberately
Mocked tbr. Lag, and Donovan only play.
• ■'■ ba eball. In regard to that affair at
Jirst Donovan explains that he had I n
d up and down the line until he was
out, and he said his only hope was
to dash i ack to tirst base. As lie started
Anderson threw the ball over his head
to Hanlon, the hitter reaching up for it
A ball player's first motion af:,. r gettin*
the ball is to touch the runner, and Oonol
van knowing this put his arms before his
face to protect himself from being struck
l","i" 1 ' 1 '" 'V that '" pslt) "" he col
lided with Hanlon. though unintentionally
on hi? nart.
In justice to Donovan, it may be Btated I
during th<- fifteen years he has
played ball he has never done the first
thing to warrant the accusation of his
g dirty ball, and Saturday was the
■ time he has ever received anything
pplause from th« spectators. The
.■-.inks- -will accept his explanation most
readily, for Donovan haa always been a :
favorite here.
Dalrymple is the best thing in the
coaching line that ever happened out
here. During Oakland's las: Ram.- at Ban
Jose Mosklman was in the box when Dal
opened with his chatter and did his cake
walk. Moskinmn Ptood it for a time but
finally he went up Into the air completely
becoming so rattled that he threw down
the ball and declared he would quit the
same unless the umpire called Dal down
Jt was with difficulty that he was per
suaded to play the string out.
Pace Is evidently trying to work Tuttle
for more money. The catcher has given
out that he has an offer from Kansas City
and will join that team in a few days, as
he has not signed a contract with Santa
Cruz and is at liberty to go when he
pleases. Tuttle promptly called the
bluff and Pace will '"undoubtedly remain
at the sea beach. «
San Jose has added to its pitching de
partment by signing Kelly, the Santa
Clara left-hander. Kelly is a fine pitcher
and a hard hitter, as was proven in last
Saturday's game, when he put the ball
over the right field fence. He has not
been pitching any for several weeks, but
will be in trim for one game against the
I.obstors.
Krug w-ent back to short stop during
the Sacramento series and played phe
nomenal ball in both games, besides hit
ting furiously. Harris is well satisfied
with the team and says It can brat any
thing hut Santa Cruz with Donlin in the
box.
Kent is the most accurate thrower in
the league. If be was only stronger with
the stick he woud be the premier catcher.
Swindells is fattening his batting aver
age at the expense of all the pitchers.
None of them seem able to take Ins
measure. ,
Fred Lange, although a gnat third
baseman, a bracing captain and a prince
Of good fellows, has lost favor among the
local cranks of late becaus< oi his pro
pensity for kicking when he has no KlcK
whatever coming to him.
n is rumored that Pyne contemplates
retiring from the game before long and
engaging In business, if he does it win
be unfortunate for the locals.
FAST PACERS ENTERED.
Trotting-Horse Breeders' Association
2:18 Class Pace Fills With Twelve
High Class Sidewheelers.
The speed committee of the Pacific
Coast Trotting Horse Breeders' Associa
tion met yesterday In the office of Secre
tary Kelley. The 2:18 pace was reported
filled with twelve entries. This ran was
substituted for the 2:17 and 2:20 classes
and th( change was apparently a popular
one. The entries are:
K. Garnsey's Billj Baker, r. W. Bar-
Btow's Prince Bismarck, A. M. Walden s
Dave Ryan C. A. Owen's Harry Ramon,
D K. Knight's Cora S, J. B. [verson's
Dictatress, Rudolph Spreckels 1 Marguer
ite s. 11 Hays' Kelley Briggs. « harles
Newman's Butcher Boy, F. W • Cum
mlng's Ethel C, P. H. Qulim's John A and
Van Deventer's Alta Doll.
Thomas Bonner of Santa Kosa was pres
the meeting. He reported that So
noma and Marin counties, comprising the
• i Agricultural District, will hold a
fair and races at Santa Rosa. The date
has not been selected, but will probably
be previous to the meeting at Oakland
and the State Fair.
District 24, which comprises rulare and
Kings counties, will race at Tulare.
The officers of th. Breeders' Association
d with the large entry they
have received. It Is the biggest in years,
Including ten races for $1000 purses besides
91 ikes and purses for COltS. The location
of the meeting has not been determined
as yet it was intended to race at Stock
ton but that track is not available.
SHORT SESSION OF THE
RAILROAD COMMISSION
STOCKTON-PORT COSTA DIFFER
ENTIAL STANDS.
Attorney General Fails to File His
Report on the Eight Per Cent
Reduction Resolution.
Railroad Commissioners held a
special session yesterday afternoon, but
beyond passing a resolution refusing to
make anj changes In the freight differen
tial between Stockton and Port Costa
nothing was accomplished. It was ex
• the opinion of the Attorney
Genera] on the matter of the s per cent
reduction resolution would !■>■ !»•
fore the board for consideration, but the
Attorney General was not ready to report
and the matter went over.
The board convened promptly at 2 p. m..
witli Commissioner Edson in the chair.
and after the minutes of the previous
meeting had been read and approved the
following resolution was adopted unani
mously and without discussion:
In the matter of th.- Stockton and Port Costa
dififfei-entials.
This matter comlne regular!} to be heard
before the Board of Railroad Commissioners
of the State or California on the Bth day of
May. 1899, ami argument having been made,
both' orally and written, by Colonel George B.
Sperrj and others representing the city of
Stockton, and by H. Bpplnger and others rep
resenting Port Costa, nnd by J. C. Stubbs, rep
resenting the Southern Pacific Company, and
the matter having been submitted and by the
board taken under advisement:
Now the board, being fully advised in the
premises, does find and determine that th*
differential on grain rates now existing be
tween the city of Stockton and Port Costa is
Just and fair and reasonable, and that no
cause or reason now exists which will justify
a modification thereof.
Wherefore, t>> reason of the premises and
by reason of the finding aforesaid, it is ordered
and adjudged that said differential shnll not
lifted "i decreased until th>- further order
oi this board. Thus ordered this 7th day of
.Tunn. 1899.
< ommissloner Blacks tock then offered a
resolution dispensing with the services of
all special counsel* and directing the At
tornej General to attend to all the legal
business of the board in the future, rum
missioner Ed son suggested that before
acting on the resolution the Attorney
General be Invited to express his desires
In the matter. Mr. Blackstock declare.!
the Attorney General had nothing to do
with the hiring of special counsel and
there was no reason why he should be
consulted at all. Finally, on motion of
Commissioner Laumeister, the resolution
went over until the next meeting.
Tin- .request <>f the ("p-scnt City and
Smith Kiver Railroad Company for per
mission to in<nase the passenger fare
between Crescent Citj and Smith River
from '." cents to ~~.> cents was granted and
then the board adjourned until '1 o'clock
on Friday afternoon.
SUPPRESSING THE PISTOLS.
Three Vendors of Firearms to Chil
dren Arrested.
The police are still keeping up the cru-
sade against the dangerous blank-cart- !
ridge pistols, which ire being retailed to
schoolboys by dealers throughout the city.
yesterday afternoon Sergeant Christian- '
'' Ben and Officer Hutchings arrested J. G.
Lubra, C. A. Janke ana James Mearns
ami charged them with violation of the
ordinance which prohibits the sale of dan- j
K> runs toys.
Th<- police collected about a hundred of !
the toys yesterday and they will be used
; ;..- evidence against the unscrupulous deal
-1 t-rs who placed the weapons in tlie hands
: ot children.
Last right a little boy was found in
< 'hinatown amusing' himself by firing nails
ial chinamen with one of the weapons. It
, was taken away from him. and a test !
made at the California-street station
I showed that at a distance of six fed it
would drive a. nail through a quarter-inch
board. .
lieutenant Esola saye he is determined
; to put a stop to the pistols at any hazard.
All dealers as well as parents have been
warned against the toys. If the sale of
them is continued not only the. dealers
but the boys having the guns In their
possession will be prosecuted.
A MEDICAL HERO.
Dr. F. J. Tillman Again Braves In-
fection at Duty's Call.
i>r. F\ J. Tillman, an Interne at the City
'and County Hospital, has (nice more dis
i tinguished himself by his pbllanthropj In
I volunteering to ko to the Maclean Hos
j pital, where two nurses art- suffering from
j smallpox. The brave young physician
packed up bis kit ai the <'<>mity Hos
pital yesterday afternoon and affection
ately i>id his companions good-by and
started off for his isolated station at the
bedside of the patients in the Maclean
Hospital.
It will I" remembered thai 1»r. Tinman
was tin- physician who accompanied a
patient suffering from smallpox from th«-
County Hospital to the Pesthouse a few
months ago, and while there one of th<»
leper patients contracted the diseasi
which necessitated the stay of Dr. Tin
man for over six weeks at the plague
Epot; and ii'\v once more he volunteers
to brave the danger of Infection, and all
without financial consideration.
At last accounts yesterday afternoon
the two patients were dotns as well as
could be expected. There art- two trained
nurses in attendance.
In the Divorce Court.
Henry P. l^age lias sued Grace E. Lage
: for a divorce, alleging desertion as a. cause
of action. Decrees of divorce have been
granted James K. Monaghan from Nellie
S. Monaghan on the ground of desertion;
Oeraldlne M. Gladman from George \V.
Gladman, on the ground of desertion, and
Georgia C. Stout from William P. Stout,
on the ground of willful neglect.
Ailvßnoes made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 1899.
T, H, WILLIAMS
SUES COUNTY
CLERK JORDAN
Wants $500, Money
Loaned.
THEREBY HANGS A TALE
REMINISCENT OF THE RECENT
POLITICAL CAMPAIGN.
Jordan Bucked Against Burns and
Backed Grant With Varying
Luck —No Note Is
Mentioned.
| County Clerk Frank Jordan of Alameda
' County had the interesting experience
yesterday afternoon of recording a suit
Bled against himself. The plaintiff is T.
; H. Williams Jr., who seeks to recover $600
from Frank Jordan "for money loaned
i within two years last past." Mr. Wil
j liams has Intrusted the collection Of the
i loan to Attorneys Ach and Rothschild of
; this city.
As soon as it was known that the suit
I was tiled politicians looked astute and
■ wondered why Jordan, who has been in
office for four years, should be Indebted
j to Williams; but they marveled more that
I Williams should resort to the courts to
collect it. Of course, the opulent pro
prietor of the Emeryville racetrack does
not nct*l $500, so there must be some other
reasons it was at once attributed to
politics, like everything' else across the
the bay.
It was recalled that last fall, about the
; time tli.- money was borrowed, Jordan
was making a red-hot tight to Bucceed
himself. It was more than whispered that
i Dan Burns was putting money into this
county to help the county candidates and
incidentally to elect his legislative candi
dates. One candidate, A. K. Urim, now
i County Recorder, swore to being told by
! Burns that he could not have the nomina
tion he sought, and on the strength of his
anti-Burns declaration he made his tight
and woefullj beat Charles Spear. Four
days ago Spear was rewarded by Burns,
via Governor Gage, by being appointed
a port warden.
Frank Jordan was also supposed to bi an
anti-Burns man, and was also an impor
tant factor in securing the election of
Howard Wright, both oi them coming
I from the same ward In Bast <'aklar.il. No
• one can understand why T. 11. Williams,
the partner of Hums, should loan money
to Frank Jordan.
.Last January Williams was at Sicra
: mento working for Hums. Suddenly tele
grams came from all parts of Alameda
County beseeching the legislative delega
tion from this county to vote for Grant
; for United States Senator. [nquiry
showed that Jordan was working tooth
and nail for Grant, and a few days iat>-r
Jordan worked openly in Sacramento for
Grant. Of course this produced a cool
ness between Tom Williams and Jordan,
and when they met at the Golden Eagle
: there w;is m<>r.- of the glassy eye th m
, the glad hand In evidence. Jordan was
advised to keep out of the light, but per-
Bisted, and received much credit for
standing out against Williams.
a week ago The Call announced that
Grant had withdrawn from the tight Now
Williams wants his money back.
! "Some time last year Jordan borrowed
the money from me," said Mr. Will, urns
to-night, "but I do not. know what he
needed it for. Tie said he wanted it and
1 1.-t him have it. 1 do not car.- to say
any more."
In the suit there Is no mention of any
note having passed between the parties.
It merely states "for money loaned."
EL CAMPO REGATTA.
Rowing Clubs Will Be Well Repre
sented in the Amateur Events.
At a meeting of the regatta committee
of the Pacific Association, Amateur Ath
letic Union, held on Monday nicht the fol
lowing were present: w. <■. Espy (chair- 1
man) and T. Sands, representing the Pio
neers; J. R. Bockman and M. J. Calnan,
representing the ArieJs; B. J. Pembroke!
H. \v. Maaa and C. Pesoli, representing
the Ahunedas; A. I. Rothkopf and A. W.
Pape, representing the Dolphins; A. M.
Stone and E. M. Conloy, representing the
Olympics; and E3. Scully, representing the
South Ends. J. R. Bockman having been
appointed temporary secretary, the ap
portionment of regatta funds for the pur
chase of prizes for the various events
was made. Jt was decided that there
will lie only one prize for each event hav
ing not more than three entries and that
handsome silk pennants be awarded in the
races open to boys from schools in the
Academic Athletic League.
The officers of the regatta will be ap
pointed at the next meeting of the com
mittee, to be held on the 12th inst. Entry
blanks have been sent to the secretaries
of the rowing clubs and entries must be
made not later than June 19 at the office,
of A. P. Rothkopf, 20S Sutter street. Con
testants in all the events for amateurs
must be registered and must wear the.
uniform of their club. The entrance fee
of $2 per man must accompany the entry
and will be returned to all. starters. No
l*>at will be permitted to start without
a pennant at its bow. The entry blank
shows ten races, of which four ore for
barges, two for outrigged skiffs, one for
eight-oared cutters, one for whitehalls
ami one for canoes, while the last is a
relay swimming race.
So far as can be seen at present, the
Pioneers will enter Junior, intermediate
and senior barge crews and will have rep
resentatives In the junior skiff, canoe and
relay swimming races. The South Ends
will have junior and intermediate crews
nnd possibly a senior barge crew also, one
senior skiff man and two junior skiff men.
The Alameda club will send in senior and
junior barge crews, senior and junior skiff
nun and three swimmers. The Ariel col
ors will be worn by .junior and inter
mediate barge crews and by two swim
mers. The Dolphins will be represented
by two swimmers, one junior skiff man
and crews i" all three barge races. The
Olympic Boat Club will supply several
! swimmers for the relay race and possibly
1 a junior barge crew. Nothing has been
heard from the Tritons, the Boating As
sociation of the University of California
or the Columbia Rowing Club. In the
four-oared barge race open to high school
boys there may be crews from the Poly
technic, Lick and I^owell schools of San
Francisco and from the Oakland High
School. The Polyt«>chnic boys will use
t'n>' Dolphin boathouse and the other city
boys will be taken in hand by the Ariels
anil Pioneers. ' The Alameda club will
take charge of the Oakland youths. The
practice barges of the clubs will be used.
In the single Whitehall race for school
bo-, s the boats at Xl Ciimpo will be used
and the distance will be three-quarters of
a mile, Btraightawey. in the eight-oared
cutter race onen to the Naval Reserve,
men-of-war and merchantmen, two fr
three vessels may combine to make up one
crew.
CARL BITTER IN TROUBLE.
Arrested for Buying Government
Property From Soldiers at
the Presidio.
The United States military authorities
at the Presidio have been annoyed very
much recently by soldiers trading Govern
ment blankets, shoes, uniforms and other
supplies for intoxicating liquors. Re
cently two soldiers were arrested for dis
posing of a pair of Government blankets
to Carl B. Kitter, a groceryman whose
place of business is at the corner of Baker
and Greenwich streets. They confessed
that they had sold the property for 40
cents. The blankets cost the Government
$.'t 50. The soldiers were court-martialed
and sentenced to dishonorable discharge
from the army and a six months' term
at hard labor on Alcatraz Island.
Ritter was arrested yesterday by T T nltt>d
States Marshal Shine for violating the
United States statute that prohibits the
purchase of Government property from
soldiers. He furnished $1000 bonds and
was released.
Mr. Ritter denies that be bought the
blankets. He says that they were left
with him by the soldiers as security for a
debt.
WOLVES OF THE PACIFIC.
I Enormous Size of the Farallon Fight
ing Seal Bulls.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Al Wilson
and his assistant Mr. Green arrived from
the Farallon Islands yesterday morning
In compliance with the direction of the
State body and the order of the Federal
authorities at Washington, forbidding the
killing of sea lions. The men were hugely
disgusted over the order, for they had
not made any onslaught upon the wolves
of the Pacific. The females have just be
gun to come bade to the breeding
i grounds, followed by the fighting or
j "king" hulls of the tribe. At certain sea
! sons- these animals do not seek to es
cape from the hunters, even when shot
; at and killed by the dozens. That time
had not arrived, for the herd would scat
ter when a shot was fired.
The hunters state that at the present
time there are over 9000 of these animals
on the Islands, and still the bulk of the
regular herd has not made its appear
ance. Some of the bull seals, so the hunt
! ers state, are of .normous sixe, six inches
back of the ears measuring nearly three
feet in diameter. In weight these fellows
1 run over 3000 pounds. Even with the high
pressure powder rifles used by the hunter.*
the killing of such creatures is not at all
an easy task. The metal jacketed bullets
must be placed within a very small area
of the brain. Body shots seem to be of
no effeel and even when the bullet is fired
Into the neck of the larger animals the
creatures survive. The amount of salmon
that such a beast would require for its
food every day would be sufficient for a
small si/..-d town.
JONES IS ELEVATED.
Alexander Dumas, Formerly Assist
ant Cashier, Is Now an Inspec
tor of Customs.
Alexander Dumas Jones has been c^
pointed an inspector of customs. About
two weeks ago he was made one of the
three eight-hour watchmen over the Chi
nese at the Mail dock. Previous to that
time he had been on the Custom-house
rolls as an employe and was acting as
assistant to Colonel William Hamilton,
cashier in the Custom-house. When the
economical wave swept over that depart
ment last winter Mr. Jones was dropped
from the rolls and the colonel had to do
his i-wn work or pay Jones out of his
own pocket for continuing in his office.
The colonel, being rather busy at that
time, chose the alternative and paid
Jones' salary until he was notified by the
Secretary of the Treasury that no pi rson
other than a Government employ' should
be allowed to work In a Government posi
tion. Jones is a colored man and a very
competent clerk.
Collector Jackson denied yesterday that
Mr. Jones was on his way to his old
position in the cashier's office.
Woodmen's Reunion.
The membership of all the local camps
of the Woodmen of the World, as well
as those of the county of Alameda, will
join in a grand reunion to be held next
Sunday at Sunset Park in the Santa Cruz
mountains. The Woodmen with wives
and relatives will ko by the narrow
gauge and it is thought that it will re
quire three trains to convey them there.
The committee of arrangements has pre
pared a pleasant outing for all.
Gertrude Atherton's new story,
"C-upid the Golden," will be in next
Sunday's Call.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
1 H P Bancroft. < - al |D McKay, Sacto
6 Rosensteln, Chicago Q Newcomer, I 'a
; I>r Stephen, Petaluma H I. Smith, i "al
i A Eastwood, Newcastl o»obs 'pauqDHJd AY
I W KnlKht. Denver F Minturn, Stockton
j J B Conner, L. AriK It Lauxen & W, Stjitn
U' E Bmvth<' A w, Cal Mlb« M .Wary. 8 Cruz
: c 11 Blair, Chicago Mrs H Miller, S Crux
; a H Brown, Elmlra S I> Kane <fe w. Term
■ W Anilonsnn, Auburn B Barker, Uvennore
I Mrs Anderson. Auburn Ft H Endicott, < ;il
.1 T Major. Uedlands Q A St..ne, L, Ang
V F Harbuurf Oakland O WeetCOtt. Cone ■ I
U Pollard. L, An* X H Davis. Oakland
C Woodworth, N V A \\>tihlem<»r; Fresno
j h Creely. Oakland G \v Crystal, CaJ
I darkness &• w, «':ii W II Husband, Kelsey
F J Brandon S Jose W C Waters, Spreckels
R Brown, Petaluma 18. Counsil, Red Bluff
■ n Champion Cal G Counsil, Red Bluff
II B Tomkln. Sausalito Mrs McMlllen, Boston
: M Jobnson, Cal .Mrs 5 A Keables, < ;ii
■ <; Wllcox Vißalta W F Price, S Rosa
■ Simmons, Visalla M Haves & w, Oakland
r ■" i":i| M L Kukl<-s. Arizona
C H Bulson. Stockton J H Bradley, Merced
i i, ii—t-.tis. Cal .' E Ross, Indiana
H W Leonard Cal .1 W Coombs, B Jose
.1 Gibson w, Honolul
Mrs O Wilson. I> An« X Pomery & w. i.'al
Mrs W Lacy. \. Ans
PALACE HOTEL.
E B Winans, USA Mr & Mrs Woworsky,
i H Ames, Oakland ( Berlin
1' Valdez, Argentine Mr & Mrs Yon Win
i M Begul, Argentine i ning. Berlin
:F S Morris, Portland D Melone, Oak Knoll
C W Hlnchclllte, Cal F T Wrißht & w, En*
! Mrs C S 'lark. Ohio |C II Hill, Wisconsin
1 a F Stoeger St Louis Mrs ii Pearce, Denver
<; Fletcher, Gr Valley F Bchromaker & w.XY
It T Jenis. Cal A J Marcus & w, Cal
N A Boynton & W, NY Miss Marcus, Cal
Miss Dickinson. X V I\V F Sprague, Ohio
R A Varden, London |G Bcopraitiver & w,
A Reading &w. La An I Denver
t 0 Murphy. Minn r» F Milliken, X V
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
J H Ulakely &■ C, lowa R Husband, Cal
JO R MatPr, Stockton -F Mulligan. Sacto
Mrs Coughley, Merced H E Parker, Portland
H nail. Jamestown I> Mattroen, Cal
I E Engebretstrom, Colo I W Reed, Ariz
Q McKay, BactO A l^hmann, Ariz
i ,■• c Pursey, Mexico 5 stPdman, Chicago
1 E E Elliott, <'a.l 11 Botlke. Chicago
1 E Emberton <""lo E Sr-nU-s. Chicafro
I F E Grf-n. Ml< h A Rohn, Chicago
: J W F:aHtman. I, Ang
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES- 527 MontKomery street,
corner Clay; open until H:3O o'clock.
2V7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
«21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Lark In street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock!
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 MlsFion street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky strfpts; oprn until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. •
M, will niPPt THIS (THURSDAY) _J\_
EVENING, June 8. at 7:30 o'clock. TKJT
First Degree. By Order of the Master. '▼'
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. a. M.— ■
Special meetinK THIS (THURSDAY) _/V_
EVENING, 7:"'i o'clock. Mission M.i ILJK
sonic Temple, 2888 Mission st. M. M. /▼>
Degree. By order of the H. P.
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary. ,
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. m
212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS EVEN-^V_
[NG, :it 7::;0 o'clock, for Second I.v- IC JT
gree. By order of the Master. /^r >
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.. m
Masonic Temple— Called meeting THIS _JV_
(THURSDAY) EVENING, at ; t»
o'clock. First Degree. Masons are in- /^r >
vited. By order of the \V. M.
■T. R. GOLDSMITH. SecretßQ-.
YERBA HUENA Lodge No. 15, I.
O. O. F.— lnitiation TO-N I < : H T. a^yjMKXS-
JAP. BOYES. X. G. "^E^^
J. P. SCHJLONB, Bee. '-"iv?*
PACIFIC Lodge No- 153, I. O. O. <*£&&'£,
There will be initiation THIS 4tB22f3E=
EVENING, June 8, 1888. /.
F. P. ASHWORTH, Rec. Sec. -^Wil'N
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club v On,
meets THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- iflj)
ING, Fraternity Hall. 32 O'Farrell
st., at 8 o'clock. A full attend-
an.-c requested. JOHN ROSS. Royal Chief.
GEO. W. PATERSON. Recorder. ■
SPECIAL NOTICES.
— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 189$:
Henrietta Barraco, aged 9 years; Anna Bar-
raco, 8; Gertrude Barns, 11; Anna Barns, 9;
Lillian Horgan, 9; Maud Edsberg, 9; Irene
Edsberg, 7; Kath. Sullivan, 6; Mary. Oliver,
. 10. ■ - *-•
I BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 6620.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ,
DIVIDEND No. 4 (30 cents per share) of the
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will be
payable ;at the office of the company. 327
Market St., on and after Saturday, -June 10,
1R99. Transfer books will close on Saturday,
June 3. 1899, at 12 o'clock m. .
E. 11. SHELDON, Secretary. I
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel, Main 1997. Bradley & Co.. 640 Clay.
ATIOXS WANTED FEMALE.
YOUNG Swedish girl with 4 years' references;
good cook arvl houseworker. Address or tele-
phone MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter St.
YOUNG neat colored girl wishes situation;
nrst-class cook and laundress; best references.
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish woman with a child; good
cook and houseworker; wages no object. MRS.
NORTON, 813 Sutter st. _
COMPETENT Swedish girls desire situations as
cook and second girl; best city references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutler St. ■
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist in housework; $10 to $13. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St. r. r,v\ ■■
AMERICAN woman wishes situation to do
light house, chamber or general work In Oak-
land; American family preferred; wages mod-
erate; good home the object. Address 213 San
Pablo aye., Oakland.
WANTED— PIace as cook in country; will work
for $5 per month where 1 can keep 2 children
6 and 4 years; reference given; Santa Clara
or south of San Jose preferred. Address M.
M. X., Golden Eagle Hotel.
YOUNG lady wishes situation as waitress In
hotel or restaurant in Oakland or country.
Address M., Lester House, corner Eighth and
Clay sts., Oakland.
COMPETENT woman, middle aged, wishes sit-
uation; is good cook and housekeeper; city or
country; no postals; understands care of chil-
dren. 924 Washington st.
YOUNG German woman wishes situation to
do housework or chamberwork from 9 a. m.
to 4p. m. by the month. Address 1047% Fol-
pom st.
NEAT young girl with best reference; first-
class cook; will, do general housework; no
objection to country. Call. 1007 Natoma St.,
near Eleventh and Mission.
RESPECTABLE woman wants situation for
housework, cook, wash and Iron; moderate
wages; no objection to short distance in the
country. Call 551Va Howard st.
GERMAN girl wishes place at general 'house-
work and cooking: city reference. 546 Valen-
cia st., between Sixteenth and Seventeenth.
GOOD washer wishes towels, flannels or plain
washing. 103 Prospect place, top floor, off
Sacramento St., near Powell.
GERMAN woman would like plain sewing and
mending to do at home. 821 Mission St.,
room 1.
POSITION wanted by a middle-aged woman;
is a good cook and laundress; wages from $12
to $15; city or country. 1000 Washington st.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like to do general
housework in small American family; Is good
plain cook; wages $20. Call at 249 Seventh st.
GERMAN woman raised In America wishes a
situation to do housework; is a good cook;
wages from $10 to $12. Call at 609 Howard st.
FAMILY washing done cheap. 132 Church St.,
near Market, between Thirteenth . and Four-
teenth.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper or
take charge of rooming house. Address MRS.
J. LEVENS, 501 Post st.
RESPECTABLE girl, 12 years, wishes a home;
privilege of school. Address 40 Minna st.
WANTED— General sewing by the day in pri-
vate families; wages low. Box 596, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation at second work
or light housework; wages $15. Please call
15248 Howard St., near Fifteenth. .v. I' ;
MAN and wife as janitors for office or house-
cleaning by day, month or will take care
of rooming house. 242 Natoma St., basement.
WOMAN with a child wants situation as cook
on a ranch or as working housekeeper. Call
394 Sixth St., in barber shop.
YOUNG girl wishes to do general housework or
second work; city or country; good refer-
ences. 123 Olive aye.
RELIABLE woman wants situation; good cook;
city or country. Box f>SB, Call office.
LADY wishes sewing and mending to do at
home. 150 Fourth St., room 12. first floor.
WOMAN would 'like Uj do washing. Ironing or
sewing at home. 31 Vandewater st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; f 1 50 to $«
week; convenient and respectable; fre» 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
i CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
** United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414<4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 424.
j JAPANESE-CHINESE Em p. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. tel. Grant 56.
1 FIRST-CLASS French. Italian and American
cook; special in short orders; can make
genuine ravioli; wants position in restaurant.
211% Polk st.
SOBER, reliable man wants work; Rood general
man about house and grounds or any other
kind of work. Box 595, Call office.
YOUNG man with years' experience in gro-
cery business wishes employment; will work
for $6 per week. Box COO, Call off\ce.
FIRST-CLASS gardener, who thoroughly un-
derstands flowers, hothouse and vegetables,
desires a situation; references. Box 1601, Call.
YOUNG man, German, wants situation on
steamer for China, Japan or Australia. Ad-
dress box 698, Call office.
WANTED— By reliable young man, window or
house cleaning or work about private place.
HENRY' ANDERSEN, 219 Kearny st.
JAPANESE, good honest cook, wants position
in city or country. Address KAYA, room 23,
409 Stevenson st.
FIRST-CLASS barber wishes steady position in
a good shop. Address box 506, Call office.
WANTED— By student, situation as salesman
for Saturdays. Apply G. A.. 742 O'Farrell it.
WANTED— In a camp hotel for man
and wife: wife as cook; man can do anything
about hotel, wait on table, attend bar or
care for horses. Box 684, Call.
JAPANESE waller and cook, good experience,
wants to work for a camping party. Address
box 589. Call.
FIRST-CLASS general blacksmith and horse-
shoer; 21 years' experience. Address Me-
chanic, box 126, Call office. Oakland.
YOUNG man, 22. seeks situation in any ca-
pacity; last place 4 years. Box 685, Call.
SITUATION, city or country, by middle-aged
man; take care private place; can milk; handy
with tools; reference. Address Box 683, Call.
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
wishes situation; city or country; good refer-
ences. Box C 97, Call office.
MAN and wife, young couple, would like din-
ing-room work; country hotel. Box 930, Call.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
COOK, hotel, San Rafael, $30 per month; cook
and waitress, same hotel, San Rafael, $25 and
$20 per month. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Oakland $25; Alameda $25; San
Rafael, $20; and several other towns- 20 house
work girls, city, $25 and $20 each; 8 younjr
girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN »2i
Sutter at. .
COOK and second girl, same house, $25 and $15
per month each: chambprwork and waiting
Alameda, $20; second work, Oakland, $20- 10
waitresses and chambermaids, city $25 and
$20 each. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Telephone Grant 185
15 waitresses for city and country hotels and
resorts, $20; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20- 4
restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 week- 4 fancy
ironers, $10 week, $30 and $35 month; woman
cook, $30; shorn pooer.
FAMILY ORDERS.
3 working housekeepers, $15 and $20. country
20 competent young women for housework 116
and $20; house girl, no cooking. $15; and nianv
others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, boarding house. $27 BO- Ger-
man cook, $30; second work, San Rafael $25-
-second work, $20, city; Redwood City' $20-
-lady's maid, $25; ironers. $35, city and coun-
try; San Rafael. $25; Mountain View $25-
Point Reyes, $25; Swedish second girl, $20 :
hotel waitress, $20, city, also country; cham-
bermaid and waitress, $20; restaurant wait l
ress, $5 week; also a number of girls for the
city and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO SIS
Sutter st.
COOK ■ and second girl, same house, $25 and
$20; cook, $30; second girl, $20. MRS. NOR
TON, 313 Sutter st . ,-
HOUSEGIRL, $25; boarding house cook. San
Rafael, $30; cook, summer resort, $2.V young
girl to assist second work, $12; 6 houseglrls
$20 and $25. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st. '
WAITRESS for city; cook for roadhouse, wages
$25; .25 young girls for housework, wages $15
MISS DILLON, 315 Sutter St.; phone Main 804 .
CHAMBERMAID. $18, country hotel. lIOTFL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. " ■
WANTED— Young experienced baby's nurse-
must have good references. Call between 11
and 12 a. m., 2100 Washington st.. corner
Octavla. . ,
NEAT girl for housework: must understand
plain cooking; wages $12. Inquire at 114
1 Grant aye. *-.W?
COMPETENT girl, general housework, good 1
cook, washing out, $25; German preferred
316 Bartlett st. ________ . - '. ■
WOMAN to do general housework. 231 Seventh
street- ,
HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
WANTED— Managing housekeeper, 30 to 40
years old: American; moderate wages; fond
of children; references. Box 1602. Call office.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 1321
Mason St., bakery.
COMPOSITOR, temporary. Immediate. Room
12. 123 California St.. from 8 a. m.
YOUNG girl or elderly woman for light house-
work; wages $8. , 205 Fillmore st.
GIRL for general housework and cooking for
country. Apply after 8, 1720 Sacramento st.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup.
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cat.
LADY copyist; stat^age, wages, etc. Address
Writer, box 556, Call office. ■
GIRL 15 to 16 to assist with llEht housework;
good home; wages $8. 1208 Union st.
WANTED— about 15 to assist in hcuse-
work; good home, $5. Box 597. Call office.
WANTED— good girl for general .housework. j
731 Green st.. near Mason.
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; best prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co., 535 Market.
WANTED— An elderly woman to cook for 4or
5 men; wages $10 per month; Swedish or Ger-
man. 500 Haight st.
Al PUPILS for select millinery school; trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work: satisfaction
guaranteed: terms easy; evening classes. au6
Leavenworth st.
HELP WASTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
3984 men and b0y5.... 5115, $95 to $15 and found
3 carpenters, sawmill company, fare $2 SO
GOVERNMENT WORK
6 more laborers, good steady job; call early
GROCERY CLERK AND BUTCHER
Grocery clerk, country merchandise store, $40
Butcher, shop and take orders, fare $1, no
slaughter ." $30 and found
LOOK HERE BIG WAGES
12 laborers, 8 hours' work, fare $1...560 month
10 laborers, 10 hours, fare 90c $2 50 day
6 laborers, San Mateo County, fare 40c $60
12 laborers for a large company, fare 50c
$42 and found
TO THE MINES
$33 50 and $55 and found per month for la-
borers,' no experience required, steady job —
6 laborers for mine, fare $145 $60
Granite cutters, $3 day; slate splitters
$2 50 day
BLACKSMITH? MACHINIST
14 blacksmiths for shops, camps, ranches,
sawmills, etc., $2 50 day, $50, $40 and $30 and
found Machinist, country $2 50 day
FREE TO FREE
SEVEN GREAT RAILROADS
DRILLERS
HEAIJEKMKN
LABORERS
Two horse teamsters; also four horses
STONEMASONS
OFFBEARERS
Wages, $3, $2 50, $2 25, $2 and $1 75 day
Board, lodging, etc $4 50 week
We Ship Dally
MURRAY & READY.
.- 634-636 Clay st.
FARE TO-DAY'S THE DAY PAID
We ship 26 laborers, sawmills call early
25 laborers for woods call early
tree fellers. ...setters, steam blocks
log fitter
head chopper foreman woodsman
$2 day. 26 lumber pliers $2 day
Jackscrewers — spool tenders — shingle jogger
mill bench hand crosscut sawyers
redwood peelers head donkey man
114 different men wages for
above help, $75, $65. $50, $40, $30 and $26 and
found
176 woodchoppers, fare paid, tools found, $2 50,
$1 cord; 284 tiemakers, tools found, fare paid,
Be, 9c and«l2c each
screw turners $52 and found
HAY AND HARVEST
24 men for hay and harvest fields, $1 25 day
and found
DAIRIES AND FARMS
86 farm, orchard and vineyard hands for
every county In California, $30, $26. $25 and
$20 and found
16 milkers and butter makers
$30 and $25 and found
26 choreman and boys for ranches, light work
and good wages, $20, $25. $15 and $10 and
found i
CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO
Milk wagon driver, city $30 and found
Stablemen, city and country jobs, $25, $20
and found: 12 two horse teamsters, $1 75 day
and $30 and found; 37 laborers, different jobs.
$1 75 day and $30 and found; 6 laborers, board
yourselves home, $1 75 day
3 boys to learn trades $3 and $4 week
ALSO HELP FOR
Alaska Arizona Oregon
Washington Hawaiian Islands
..And all parts of ("Beautiful") California..
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS PORTERS
22 cooks for hotels, mines, ranches, saloons,
camps, camping outfits and springs; /also
cooks and wives; laundrymen and wives;
wages $61, $50, $40, $35 and $25 and found
7 waiters $20 and $25 and found
3 porters, good hotels. $20 Bellboy
3 second and third cooks. $40. $35 and $30
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
BAKERS LAUNDRY HELP
DISHWASHERS
4 assistant bakers, good jobs, $30 and $li and
found: 3 laundrymen, springs, etc., $30 and
$20 and found: baker, city shop. $3ij an.l
found; baker, country. $35 and found: J^
dishwashers, pot washers, vegetable men,
choremen and boys for hotels, ranches, sa-
loons, cafes, restaurants and coffee houses,
city and country; wages
$2.1, $20, $15 and $10 and found. MURRAY &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
C. R. HANSEN & CO Phone Grant 185
WANT
Teamsters, laborers and tunnelmen, coast
road, wages $1 75 to $2 50 a day and free
fare.
Tunnelmen. new work. 20c and 25c an hour.
MISCELLANEOUS
Blacksmith. f<>r Nevada. $50 and found:
ranch blacksmith, all summer job, $1 50 and
found: ranch. $40 and found: tin roofer. $2 50 ;
a day; s farmers. $1 and found, long Job;
2 bojrs for a factory. $6 a week; gardener
for an institution. $30 and found.
4 hard rock miners, $2 a day and board,
see boss here this morning.
WOODSMEN
Timber fellers. $40 and found: crosseutters,
I $35 and found; pondmen. $26; axmen, $26; 4
I Scandinavian pilers, $30 and board; 15 pliers,
$26 and found.
HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS
Meat and pastry cook, springs, $60; cook,
restaurant, $14 a week; head and second cook,
plain hotel, $75 and found: dishwasher,
springs $16; cook, small resort, $40; dish-
washer, country hotel, $1S; 7 dishwashers, $20
and $25; bakers' helper, $30 and found; res-
taurant porter, $25; French speaking broiler,
$70; waiter, country hotel, $25; nurses' hall
waiter, summer resort, $25 and found.
Head laundryman, hot*>l; shaker out. hotel
$25 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
WANTED
Carpenter for mine, steady job at $2 50 per
day; blacksmith helper for mining company,
$2 per day
3 milkers for different places near city
$2.". and $30
Stablemen for city stables, $25 and found
Ranch teamsters $26
Farmers $26 and $30
Swampe' for logging camp, near city. $35
and board; 6 woodchoppers for good job, near
city. $1 25 per cord; cobbler for institution.
near city, $20 and found
6 laborers for city $1 6i) per day
E teamsters for city *»Sl 60 per day
Cooks, waiters and others. W. D. EWER i
CO., Gio Clay st.
WANTED— Boy to do chores on first -class
ranch, near city. $15 per month and found;
driver for milk route In city, references re-
quired. $35 and found. W. 1). EWER & CO
610 Clay st.
WANTED— Vegetable gardener. $35 and found;
dairyman and wife, $35; English or Scotch-
man who can run gasoline engine and milk,
$25: farmers, milkers, woodsmen; laundryman
for springs, $30 and found; woodsmen of all
kinds; 75 laborers for tunnel work, XI 75. $2
and $2 DO day; 4 gravel miners, $40 and board;
2 quarrymen, 30c to 35c hour; blacksmiths,
blacksmiths helper on carriage work and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacra-
mento Bt.
WANTED— Butler. $25; cook for resort. $(": r. ■■=-
taurant cooks. $35 and $10 week; ranch cook.
$15; :• hotel waiters. $20 and $30; coffee saloon
v alter, $y; bellboy and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
WANTED— 6 miners to run power drills. $3 50 a
day; part fare advanced; see boss her* Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Cook, hotel, city. $50; cook, plain
hotel, country, $35; waiter, coffee house. $25;
choreman, summer resort, $2u; bedmaker,
summer resort; 2 boys for factory, $6 a week;
dishwashers, "15 to $25; man to milk cows
and take carp of horses. $25: janitor for halls,
$40. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton St.
rWTUYMAN, to assist waiting. $17 50; wait-
ers, $25; fry cook. $35, country hotel; William
Crews, cook, please call. HOTEL GAZETTE.
420 Kearny St.
A — 2 young men as apprentices for a box fac-
tory. $6 per week. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
CATHOLIC man for grocery store, $20 and
found; one with old country experience pre-
ferred. Address Grocer, box 1603, Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; only S weeks re-
quired; constant practice; expert instruction;
call or write for catalogue. Moler Barber
College, 635 Clay Bt.
WANTED— 2 first-class machine forgers and
shipsmiths. American Tool Works, 109 Mis-
sion st.
FIKST-CLASS furniture designer and wood-
carver. FINK-& SCHINDLEU. UNI Market
BRIGHT boy wanted to help in laundry. Ap-
ply to Mercantile Towel Supply (\... 2=.l Jessie.
GOOD man cook for a f«w boarders; wages |20.
iiH Sixth at.
lIRLi' \VA\Ti:i>— ConUnii'-rt.
WANTED— Shoemaker on repairing. 606 San
Pablo aye., Oakland.
2 MEN for pick and shovel at Twenty-third
and De Haro sts., 7 o'clock.
BARBKR; steady. 797 Mission St., corner
Fourth. *
YOUNG man on cake; wages $30. 11l Lark in
street.
MAN to work in hotel. 2759 Mission street.
Wli S< >N House, 775 Mission St.. near Fourth—
100 modern rooms with hot, cold water; free
baths: electric lights; elevator; 25c to $1 night.
WANTED— Steady man to keep plain accounts
and assist in light work; must have $125 cash
and be satisfied with $15 per week. Western
Investment Co.. 9 Geary St.
MEN wanted— Laborers, drillmen and team-
ster? on railroad work; blankets and bedding
frt-t> fare from Oakdale to Sonora free. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Good reliable designer: one who is
familiar with cabinet work, bank, store and
office fittings. Address bo* 580, Call.
WANTED— Expert dump men and powder men
for steam shovel work. Apply to JAS. A.
McMAHON. 210 Spear st.
WANTED— 2O pick and shovel men at $1 75 per
day. Devisadero and Broadway, city.
TRAVELER to sell shirts on commission: side
line; state particulars. Box H:M. <'.iil office.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting, 35c to
We. 562 Mission st., between Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Young man competent to make
working drawings for gas and electric fix-
tures. Apply by letter. Designing Depart-
ment, THOMAS DAY CO., 725 Mission st.
BARBER shop across the bay for sale cheap.
Inquire of D. STOLTZ, CM Market st.
YOUNG men and ladies 16 years and over wish-
ing employment call at at Hillsdale, 33 Sixth
st., bet. 11 and 2, room 21.
AMATEUR musicians tv Join band for social
purpose. 32-> Bush St., second door, room 4.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines. Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during th-»
past ninety days to make room for fort
miners; no other Class of labor is required.
and miners unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAN FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R, H.
NORTON, superintendent.
TO go this week — 500 pairs men's shoes, snmt
nearly new. from 50c to $1 50: now shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission st..
bet. Ist and 2d sts.; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know-
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 lare*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day.
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night; re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night. 60c to $1 per wk. 105 New Montgomery.
BUSH, 421. above Kearny— Choice roonw; gas
and stationary washstand; 15c. 25c up.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBKR COLLECE, 13SS Eighth St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms, 10c. 15c and 250
per night. Llndell, 6th and Howard; read. rm.
PENSIONS— J. H SHEPARD & CO., attorneys.
Hearst bldg . Third and Market.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m f t. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th; .tel, Jessie 1184.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House, 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market et.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands. Ma-
nila, Mexico nn.l Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent. ."04-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. .near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 250 night: reading room; free
'bus anil baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Slitter Ft,
AGENTS WANTED.
MEN or women to sell best water filter and
other articles ever offered on this market.
COULD. 9 Rondell place.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c; also
■ Iyeather Lustre; pnm. 2", c BROWN. 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
GRUB stake for Lower California by a prac-
tical prospector. Address box 577. I
HOLSKS WANTED.
WANTED — Furnished house for about three
months: will pay $50 to tSO per nmnth; 3 in
family; no children. J. ,T. EVANS. Real Es-
tate and Loan Broker, 630 Market pt.
WANTED— Furnished cottage or house with.
grounds for 2 or 3 months; in Alameda, Berke-
ley or Fruitvale. Address C. R. HANSEN',
104 Oeary st.
w/nfTBTO Hiwrif.i.i.ftiViropg.
WANTED— Second-hand set tinn-r's I <i
Apply 12 m. . Tinner. Golden W.-st Hotel.
WANTED— Gasolir.f launch SO to 35 feet; civ*
description and lowest price. JAP. SENNOTT.
Meiggs Wharf.
WANTED— To hire 100 first-class scraper team*
with harness and pead bars; long job. K. B.
BTONE Elmhurst.
DENTISTS.
DR. T. S. HIGGINS' Dental Parlor^
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; inferior
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive: badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before* they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1: plates
from $.".. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent — See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum: thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENIAL PARLORS, 24 Sixth' St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bid*?., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up: plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method: crowns. $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates. '.:; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years. '
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings. 25c up; gold
crowns, $3r- gold bridges, $5 up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed ; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission st., cor. 6th.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty: all work reasonable; gas given.
VAX VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 MarKet st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ">>•%.
LOST.
— Wednesday, on way from San Rafael,
lady's gold watch, open face, with heart
locket: both initialed C. L. M.: also watch
fob with black satin ribbon and gold Maltese
cross. Finder will be liberally rewarded by
returning same to office Occidental Hotel.
LOST— Lady's gold watch, engraved E. W. on
outside and full name on inside case. Kindly
return to 903 Treat aye. and receive liberal
reward.
SKYE terrier Saturday; answers to name of
Prince; scar on left eye. Return to Cafe
ZKnkand office and receive reward.
LOST — pointer bitch pup; reward. Return to
3543 Nineteenth st.. near Valencia.
LOST— Black and white mastiff .log: license
No. 1612. Liberal reward at 1020 Hryant st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advance
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach-
ments, bankruptcy, all cases; wills, contracts
etc.. drawn; moderate fees: call or write. '
MAGUIRE & GALLAGHER— James G. Ma-
guire (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) have
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing, S2a-&5o Market St.; tel. South 215.
NO charge unless successful; advice free- of
.';>VvP£ n « venln « s from 8 to 9. HUGH C
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building!
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private-
Vi'J'^ without success; collections. G w'
HOW E. atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn!
MRS. CLARA FOLT'A attorney at law: pro-
bate and guardianship; Sth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Spre.4. building 927
Market; consultation free; n ,. as in advance.
advice free; no charge unless successful w
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. Cei>SlU '- " •
storage"
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH dpou
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25T*
P^ RCI L $ TAYLOR, packing and ' storage ot
turn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black Jll.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co."
Office. 401 Po«t it., cor. Powell; t*L Mala »niM M\;.s CHANCES.
A— ss>: CORNER saloon on Sixteenth and Mis-
sion; luing rooms; rent low; lease; a
hrst-class laying place; no better offer for
raanand wife. Call R. G. WILKE, 906
':•"; lirst-olass saloon, vicinity of the
>l years; private club and la-
nd la-
T dies room; rent cheap. Particulars R. G.
' WILKK. 906 Market st.
A— SCJ— BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively country town, is d les from the city;
rent $13, including flat; a rare chance. IX. G.
WILKK; HiG Market st.
A-s:4oo— CORNER grocery and bar In the best
location of the Mission; living rooms; place
I established years; doing a good business;
large stock In groceries and liquors. R G.
WILKE. '..fie Market su
A— s2so; CIGAR stand with :i in Irj off] ■ rent
Jl5; one block from Call. WILKE, SO6 Mar-
ket t-t.
A-S1200: BAKERY in lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000: rent
J2c>: horse, «on. living rooms; a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A— CORNEI saloon and cigar stand on
Ptnckton sl. 2 blocks from Market a bar-
gain. It. G. SVILKE .v CO., 906 Market st.
A— s.S2.io; CORNER saloon, with 5 furnished
rooms; established years; everybody knows
this as a money-making place; never clears
les=s than $200 per month; owner wants to
make a trip to Europe. Particulars R. G.
_\\ ILK 806 Market st.
A--R-.0; BRANCH bakery in the Missl6n; 4
living rooms; rent $17 su; a good paying place;
clears about $10u per month. H. G. WILKE.
SO6 Market St.
A— sl6oo; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rms.; one-half block from Wi. iar.d s Brewery;
daily receipts about J26; cash trade only; a
rare chance. Call R. <;. WILKE. 906 Market.
TO let— Bakery, established 25 years; every-
thing complete; must be good breadmaker;
•vT'm'- r k" t 1° ? uHable man- Apply M. LESS,
jlCfV.— poßK and sausage store; best party of
city; .HtaMished 21 years; in this line you
could not mid a better offer on this 'coast to-
-■lay; lull investigation afforded; trial if. you
nean ib Blneas.^-M. LESS, Market st."
M
V ---LOCKSMITH shop; tstalTished 14 years";
full value in stork: business speaks for itself;
satisfactory reasons for selling. M LESS,
— I^-- — _I !!__. st " °Pf osit «-' Fhelan's.
RESTAURANT in most prosperous inland town
ot State; S furnished rooms; offered at great
s^rince; owner going to Europe. M. LESS,
Market st.
INDUCEMENT extraordinary — The Oregon
Timber and Lumber Company offers for sale
at par 2:>.t>«) shares of It? capital stock. $1 per
share, payable as follows: Ten per cent on
application. SO per cent on allotment Imme-
diately after closing of subscription books.
The company owns absolutely unlncui
vast tracts of the finest timber near the
ir.outh of the Columbia River in Oregon;
further, a water power sawmill, valuable
water jwnver and rights of way; money is to
be expended In building larger mills; reason-
able and steady returns for many years. For
full particulars call at office, 4ir-.. California
i»t., r< m m '.'.
FOR ><AI.E. "
The entire Klondike Hotel property, real and
personal. The property is located at the cor-
ner of Center and Coloma sts., in the city of
Placerville. county of El Dorado. State of Cali-
fornia. The property consists of two lota of
land and the large two-story hotel building
and outbuildings. The hotel contains a parlor.
furnished; large barroom and office, with a
f.ne bar. back bar and bar fixtures, ash regis-
ter and other furniture; also a reading and
poolroom, containing a new pool table, latest
style, and other furniture; also a large dining-
r">orr., furnished with a full supply of tables
and chairs; also a pantry containing liberal
Flock of crockery and glassware, cutlery and
epoons and table linen; also a large kitchen.
a ntaintng a fine range, water heater, cooking
uter.«i!s, etc.; also a bathroom and patent
toilet closets on both floors; hot and cold water
un both floors; also 21 fully furnished bedrooms;
everything Is ret -class and can be purchased
cheap. Apply to S. E. SACKETT, Klondike
• H.te!. Placerville.
••': : •"■'"'- --DELICACY and pork store; bargain this
day. Mclaughlin, 777 Market st.
$UGO-=-SA_OON and lunch house close to Mar-
ket St.; bargain on account of sickness; trial
giver.. MCLAUGHLIN .v CO.. 777 Market st.
$i.'i— WOOD and coal, hay and grain yard; bar-
gain. Mclaughlin .v co., 777 Market Ft.
$>»■"■— PARTNER wanted in a first-class restau-
rant and oyster house; gix>d cook or watter
pr-fen-td. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market.
$i<«.i— DELICACY and pork store: bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
SALOON, nr.rth of Market; bargain; lea\ing
city. COW4NG CO., t<&s Market st.
A — NOTICE to jewelers: $15m> stock, tools, fix-
tures; bargain. COWING & CO.. 9C<5 Market.
22 ROOMS: corner house: north Market: must
sacrifW. COWING Ar CO.. ?35 Market St.
iSS-J-FRUIT an i fi.-h stand at great sacrifice to- \
day. COWING & CO., 595 Market st.
AN oyster and chop house: bargain this day; !
$125. COWING *: CO.. 995 Market st.
NOTICE— To ?e]l your business promptly for
cash a;. ply HEALY &• HIMMEL 517 Market.
MARKET-ST. liquor saloon business of $25
daily, eiegantly fitted up; private rooms;
make o'er; af^o Market-st all-day saloon;
many others. HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Mkt.
$300— CIGAR store near Market st. ; bargain;
$123 cigar store, laundry agency pays rent.
National Agency, 7'3'i Market St., near 4th.
!V,M:a.\PY, bakery and laundry office; good
paying business. DECKER, 1020 Market et.
NORTH side; 506 Market Ft., near Sansome;
Mock ;m'\ fixtures; Ealoon and cisar stand;
long lease and low rent this will be sold at
a bargain; call early and ask the price.
$2i>— RESTAURANT; good location: cheap
rent: cheap at $.V>o: must sell quick on ac-
count Of leaving for country. Box "■■. Call.
BLACKSMITH shop and tools; clearing $150 per
■ month; snap. Address MRS E., 353 Fifth st.
GOOD paying private coffee and tea route
cheap; rauft be sold at once. 505 Fifth st.
FOR pale— Cheap; coffee and lunch house in
business district. Box 599. Call office.
DOCTOR seeks good country location. Address
12"5 Octavia 6t.
A SACRIFICE— OId-established fruit store;
good chance. 130 Eighth St.; no agents.
CFFEE parlor, nicely fitted up, cheap; going
to Germany. 1226 Polk st.
G<>OD opj>ortunlty to secure a good paying
blacksmith and wheelwright business; stock
and tools will Invoice $3000; shoD and lots
J1500: will sell for $4000 on account of failing
health; shop doing a business of $5000 a year;
investigation courted; no agents. '. Address
Blacksmith, box 510, Call office.
$S-;-O— PARTNER in cigar, candy and notions
store in country; takes in over $40 per week:
can be increased 30 to 40 per cent; references;
expenses paid while investigating. Address
lock box 144, Geyserville. Cal., or at Call
office. ■ ;
IiVRGAIN— S47SO; business property, with stock
und furniture: house of 7 rooms; store and
saloon: fine garden with 9 rustic summer
!hou«e«- stable. warehouse, etc.; best location;
part cash. C. CLUNDT, Fitchburg. San
I>eandro road.
1600-^BARBER hop, country, first class with
building and bedroom comDlete. G. \\. .- ,
Eastland. Cal.
KAI/XiN— TJargaln to-day; part cash, balance
monthly payments; going East cause of sale.
124 Fourth st.
STORE and fixtures for grocery and bar.
Twenty-second and Castro sts.; new building.
MEAT business for sale for $150; fine location.
krlne location.
MAN and wife wanted to rent restaurant. ,79
Fourth et» ■
6HOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness: 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
GROCERY and bar in Mission at inventory;
owner going to Manila; cheap rent. Apply
100S Mission at.
PAPER-COVERED Book Store. 1203 Market,
bet Eighth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $2500, and big value for the money.
FOR SALE— Best restaurant south and close to
Market st , caui sickness: investigate; no
agents; direct. Box 693, Call office.
ARE you looking for small well-located good-
paying restaurant? l have It. Box 563, Call.
SALOONKEEPERS, attention— For sale; old-
estabUshed business. Particulars at 1514 Polk.
SALOONKEEPERS. Attention— For sale; old-
established business. Particulars at 1512 Polk.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S., 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this paper for sale. Apply this
office.
CARPET CLEAM.VG.
CITY Steam Carpet Clr-aning Works — Cleans,
move!-, lays carpets, C. H. STEVENS Mgr.,
3S arid 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become dlsguotecl with poor work
Bend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carp.it-
brating Works. 3r,.'i-X r .7 T.-hama St.; tel. S. 40.
CAKPETS cleaned. 3i: per yard. H. L. JONES,
3'K) McAlllster^st.. cor. Larkin: tel. Mint 1301.
AIiVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 ittei St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. MrQt'EEVS California Cnrpet Cleaning Co.,
■ 453 Ftovenson St.; tel. South 225: lowest rates.
L CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
I STHATTOX'S, 3 Eight ft.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. HELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.; cleaning 3c ■■: yard; tel. Mission 74.
U. S: Stram Carpet Cleaning Aesn.. •' : ' i Golden
Gate; «.arnpti< cleaned, 3c yd.; tel. Mint •■'.!<;.
CONKI Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate a.c. ; tel. East 126.
PERSONALS.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres: dealer- In
carpet twine. in hank or chain, at lowest
rate* GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
KNITTING shirts to order, $1 each. 614 Ellis
street.
LEDERER'S Qulntonlca Hair Tonic possesses
the quintessence of excellence; unequaled, un-
_ surpassed; 3oc bottle. 123 Stockton at.
LEDERER'S halrdresaing parlors still lead in
popularity; 25c only; hair rolls, 10c; longest,
30; switches, $1 up: Foamo Shampoo. 5c
package. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no kite; no injec-
tion;guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Plne.ab. Kearny.
A— ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
GENTLEMEN'S sewing or mending at 271
O'Farrell St., room 12. . _■ \ _:■:
IF ARCHIE MORRISON, formerly of Wheat-
land. Cal., will write to his father he will
hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
MORRISON.
LADIES' tailor-made suits. $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 1316 Guerrero,
nr. ?sth: Guerrero st. cars: tel. Blue 991.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI. Sl3 Sutter at.
JOHN L. BOONE, Patent. Trademark
| Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Lew a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third at., near Market: 700 rooms;
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferv
T. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suit!", etc., on very easy payments.
COMPLETE line ladles' tailor-made suits: low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co.. cloak and suit fleet.. 1306 Stockton st.
IK CREEL Y'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
office, Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ava. ;
l separate ward for contagious diseases.
A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought.
Fold; tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom at.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market at., bet. 7th and Kb.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 a week N. Y. Tailoring Co., 115 Kearny.
FOLDING beds $S 50; bedrm sets I3:bed lounges
$4 50; open eve's. L J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— OId gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet Powell & Mason.
DRESSMAKERS.
REMOVED to 357 Geary st. ; dresses made, $5
up: perfect fit. MME. GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS .1 .' WHITNEY, trance, test medium,
life reader; also medical clairvoyant: treats
private, chronic or obscure diseases: send
stamp for circular. Offices 232 Stockton St.;
sittings $1; diagnosis free.
MRP. MANDENA. clairvoyant, medium and
palmist; satisfaction or no pay; developing
i and test circle to-night; admission 25c. 234Vs
Sixth st.
j MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
I l'>c : 605 McAllister st.; come, skeptics.
MMi: DR. LA ROY, trance medium: posl-.
i lively cures obesity. 15 Powell St., office 3.
, MRS. MENA FRANCES, independent slate-
' writing medium. US Hatght st.
j MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tues.-Fri., I p. m.;
Men., S. 25c; sittings, $1. 233 Valencia St.
! MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
| teller, has opened an office at 315 O'FarrelL
s I CLAIRVOYANTS.
; ! MISS J. B. DWYER, the distinguished clair-
-1 i voyant and medium; those in trouble or who
j wish to know their future should consult this
: I gifted medium immediately; Miss Dwyer
! graduated under the highest professor In oc-
! cultism and is master of the power by which
she an reveal your entire life; als-« she lives
! of those in whom you are interested; satis-
faction guaranteed by mail; reduced rates
to the poor. 917 Market st.
; MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
' card reader: born with double veil and sec-
• j ond sight: diagnoses disease; full life read-
i j ing; ladies, We; gents, $1: sit., $150. 126 Turk.
■ WONDERFUL success of of Mme. Cllngman,
1 from New York; scientific palmistry and
astrologlst; readings 50c and $1. 513 Tenth
St.. Oakland.
I MRP. KOPP. a natural-born clairvoyant and
! card reader: price 50c up. IS Lew's st.. on*
j Taylor, near Post.
I MME. LENEMAR. 223 Mason, cor. O'FarnMl:
I by planets; pred'td rescue pass. s r Gold, '74.
i JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader.
' 310 Stockton st., rooms 9 and 10.
| RETURNED— EDNA V. GRANT, clairvoyant
and palmist. 120 Ellis St., parlors 6 and 7.
; MI?S A. L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,
! palmfst and planets. 28 Sixth St., rooms 2-3.
' MISS GEORGIA TAYLOR, returned, palmist
and card reader. Room 1, ll^Vi Turk st.
j BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE, clairvoyant and
card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
! MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. 304
i Suiter St., corner of Grant aye., room 3.
i MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
I 1065 Market st., room 2.
i .
! MYRTLE POTTER, card reader and palmist,
i Parlors 12 and 1?, second floor, 865H Market. I
, ! MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
j Post St., room 1.
MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card i
reader. 110 A Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
j MISS TESSIE GRANT, returned, card reader
j and palmist. 36,£ Geary St.. rooms 1 and 3.
j MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist and psychom-
I etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 995 Market st.
j YOUR future told by cards, 25c; Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin st., room C.
MME. AUGUST, 1150 Mission st. ; clairvoyant,
card reader and palmist; truth or no pay; 25c.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card i
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission. |
I MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer, first
j in her profession; never falls. 325 A Sutter st.
MISS OLLIE LAKE, returned, palmist and
card reader. 118 Grant aye, r. 15, second Door.
I MME. RAVENA reads' life fluently; business !
j advice; names given; 2:,.- up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE. card reader and palmist. 405
Kearny st., r. 34: French and English spoken. '■
MME SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
I band's picture, 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell »t. i
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call. !
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
i PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count Bt. Ger-
malne. 616 Geary st., above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mail, $1.
: A— MME.. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist, 916
Bush st., bet. Taylor and Jones. !
i YOUR fate is In your hand; scientific palmis-
; try. MME. OERMAINE, 906 Market St., r. 30.
ASTROLOGY.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium; - minerals
located; lucky days and numbers; palmistry.
313 McAllister at.
Lodging houses for sales.
. IS-ROOM house on Third Bt $375
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel anU bar; 30 rooms 1800
; 6-room flat, near Emporium £60
16-room house; worth $600 250
16-room house; on Sixth Ft 650
X room?; sunny corner; clears $200 1100
26-room house in Oakland; only 850
; B0 rooms: best corner in thf city. .:...:... 1800
10 rooms; on Jones St.; worth $1000 800
14 rooms; on Taylor st. (good) 850
1 24 rooms; on Howard st 460
1 • gfi-ronm boarding-house; clears $300 2250
1020 MARKET ST.. l«20 MARKET ST..
H. C. DECKER,
1020 Market St., 1020 Market st.
', | 1350— 22- ROOM house, near Market st. ; rent $40.
; $250— 35- room house; rent $45 month.
: i $300—18 rooms; central; all rented: $150 ca*h,
balance on time. BASILE. 873% Market St.
■ $500— Bt'YS 25-room home; <heap rent; list from
10 to 100 rooms; money loaned at 2 per cent:
3 cottaces. clear, rented, to exchange for lodg-
ing house. EITEL. 1016 Market Bt.
' |260 ELEGANT house 10 rooms: first floor doc-
■ tor" a office; selling for best reasons: 50 other
houses for sale. HKALY. 917 Market Bt.
' 100 ROOMING houses, all sires, prices and
i ma. NATL AGENCY. 7TOJ Market St.
$100— LODGING-HOUSE: bargain: oeparture
! cause of sale. McLAUQHLIN & CO., mkkt.
LOPOnra house of 20 rooms for lale;
rvnt $2S 72 Jackson Ft.
FtRNITI'RE FOR SALE.
MIST ciusp out every piece; balance of Alex-
andria Hotel furniture; price cut in two;
come quick. DAVIS, 1111 Market St., Odd
Fellows' building.
TAPESTRY Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
50c. Eastern Ortflttlng Co.. 1310 Stockton st.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 (0. with No.
7 rnngo. King Furniture Co .. 1127-1131 Market
FlRMTinrc WASTED.
KN Furniture Store. 79 &th. buys, sells,
exeh. uew & 2d-hand fur., carpets, stoves, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 8. 1899.
HOUSES TO LET.
~Ho6i£jJT~ FLATS! ~
A. M. SPECK i CO.. 667 Market st.
762 Post. 12 r $70! 979 Port, I r $42 50
1220 Laguna. S r.... 3r>| lIS Webster, 7 r... 30 00
323 Sutter, 7 r 50 792 Lyon, 6 r 25 0)
1407 Van Ness. 13 r. 651024 Geary, 6 r 30 00
705 Ellis, 6 r 251 217 Elm aye., 5 r IS 00
FIRST-CLASS house. S rooms; 3553 Twentieth
St.. bet. Valencia and Mission; newly papered,
tinted and painted throughout.
HOUSE of 8 rooms; rent JIB. 272 Minna st.,
near Fourth.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. Sr'
NW. COR. Guerrero and Twenty-first sts.; fine
house of 12 rooms; large grounds, stable, etc.;
In splendid condition: warm, sunny place.
TWENTY-FIRST st. near Guerrero, two fine
houses. 3356 and 33SS; 7 rooms; in first-class
condition.
FIH.MSHED HOUSES TO LET.
ASH aye.. 220—6 nice furnished sunny rooms
very reasonable; half price; investigate. :.-•
j PARTLY fur. house; modern conv'cw; 2533 Mis-
sion si. near 21st. Apply rm. S. Flood bids.
COTTAGi-S TO LET.
$12— COTTAGE; 6 rooms; newly renovated. 5|
Railway aye . off Dolores; key 3579 17th.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms: also flat 6 j
rooms, bath; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth st., near I
Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
BUSH. 1207-3 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each. $20,
bath; 2 flats, $11. Apply 1211 Bush st.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery Bt. j
FRANKLIN, 714, near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window fiat; 4 large rooms; bath;
yard.
GROVE. 164, near Gough— Sunny flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent $20.
HYDE, 416%— Flat of 3 sunny rooms; rent $11.
MYRTLE aye., 515, near Octavia— Cozy upper
fiat, 6 rooms; bath; cellur; garden. 1316 O'Far-
rell St., rear.
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
THIRD. 417H— Sun$yr flat, 8 rooms, latest im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay-windows.
TO LET— 2 new flats. 6 rooms and bath. 4136
Seventeenth St.. near Eureka.
UPPER flat, 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry;
storeroom: $12. 241 1 Clay sl.. near Flllmore.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath; reasonable.
5H Laptdge st., oft lMh. above Valencia.
UPPER flat. 3 choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom: $12. 2419 Clay St., near Flllmore.
FURNISHED FLATS.
FOR SALE — Nicely furnished flat, 7 rooms;
Geary st.: five minutes' walk from Kearny
and Market; account of leaving city. Box
,-,-7. Call office. - |^__
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALICE. 5, bet. 3d and 4th. off Folsom-^4 sunny
unfurnished rooms; separate yard; rent $9.
AT HA Geary— Large, well-fur, rm. for light
hskpg.; run. water; $12 mo.; others $1 50 wk.
BUSH, 1408, near Van Ness aye.— Three nicely
furnished rooms for housekeeping; £-^_
DERBY place, off Taylor, near Geary— 2 flats,
or 6 rooms, to let; cheap.
EDDY. 207— Nicely frnshd. front hkpg. rooms;
also single room. $5; gas, bath; quiet house.
EDDY, 917— Unfurnished or furnished floor, 4
room's: private residence; no children; splen-
did location.
ELEVENTH, 124 A —Large newly furnished
, sunny room, light housekeeping, $1 25 week.
FOLSOM, 940, bet. Fifth and Sixth— Large
front sunny bay-window room for light
housekeeping or 2 gentlemen.
FOURTH, 225— Furnished for housekeeping;
i also single.
GEARY, 1917— $18; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds: 2 stoves: gas and coal.
HARRISON, Pleasant sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, bath, only $8 a month.
HOWARD. 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single: 25c, 75c night; $1, $: 50 week.
HOWARD, 761^4— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
window suite; others; kitchen; man and wife;
• nable. 't
JONES. 117 — Nicely furnished sunny suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; also single room, $7.
LARKIN, — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET 102S~Large sunny front room "and
kitchen, folding bed, closet, $12; 2 unfurn., $5.
MARKET, 1658, ■ pp. Tenth— Large sunny room,
$5: bedroom and kitchen, $7.
MCALLISTER. 447, cor. Van Ness— Nicely fur-
nished sunny housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
MISSION, — Large sunny rooms; complete
housekeeping; $2;. running water.
1 MISSION, 527— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms, 510;
! well furnished.
MISSION. 1125 1 '- near Seventh— Large front
room; furnished tor housekeeping: $2 per wk.
MISSION. 2133—2 or 3 sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; cheap; bath.
NINTH, 111—2 sunny bedrooms and kitchen,
I connected; bath and all conveniences.
; O'FARRELL. 411— Furnished flat; also fur-
| nished rooms.
PERRY, 263—3 unfurnished large sunny rooms;
new house: separate entrance; rear; cheap.
RUSS. 149—1 housekeeping room; private fam-
ily; parties with no children; rent $1 60 week.
SIXTH, 420— Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
tingle and en suite: bath: reasonable.
STEVENSON. 403. cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
hkpg. rooms, complete, cheap; newly tinted.
STOCKTON, 603— Housekeeping and sunny sin-
-1 gle rooms; reasonable.
j THIRD, 251— Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $2 week; also single rooms.
TWELFTH, 12, near Market— Sunny bedroom
and kitchen.
' TWELFTH. 230 C Nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; gas range; select locality.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3166, near Howard— 2 or 3
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath, laundry-
I TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission— Large
front sunny connecting suites furnished com-
plete, $8 and $10.
! A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
ROOMS TO LET.
; ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
gunny rooms en suite or single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms.'".oc to $150 day. MRS. J. KINO.
' BRYANT. 457 H. near Third— Double front eun-
ny room; suitable for gentlemen.
CALIFORNIA. 1303— or without board;
cozy back room to single gentleman; private.
i CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
nished and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Klegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
j FRANKLIN. 21— Nice furnished sunny front
bay-window rooms; also single rooms, $5.
GEARY, 21714— Single furnished rooms; key
217. -
I GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. comer Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
i HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
ropmlnc hr.use. 11 60 to $8 per week.
HARRISON, 7S4H, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 a week.
! HOTEL GrOßvenor, 319 Sutter, near Stockton-
Sunny suites or single rooms; cable cars pass
door; elevator; free baths.
! LACUNA, 1310, bet. Ellis and O'Farrell—
sunny rooms, furnished; private family.
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny front and back
rooms. $7 and $9; small room, $4.
LINDEN aye.. 316. near Gough — Furnished
front room; sun all day; rent $4.
■ MAIN. 311— 54; furnished sunny front room;
also smaller back rooms.
MARKET, 1035— Front suite, first or second
floor; also light housekeeping rooms.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION,' 1520— Sunny front furnished room, $6.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; electric lights: day. wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL. 540— Neatly fur. double rm.. with
board, $20 mo.; without. $7 mo; French fain.
I O'FARRELL, 63S— Lower floor of 3 nice rooms;
I sun all day, large basement and bath.
! POWELL. 15— Newly fur.; new management;
' single, double: transient; next to Columbia.
i POWELL, 317 (formerly Cosmos Club)— Ele-
i gantly furnished single rooms; sunny.
PROSPECT place. 123. off California, Stockton,
I Powell; large room, folding bed, $6 to 'IS;
i private; German. X
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
ROYAL He-use, 126 Ellis st— lncandescent
light: reading room, smcklr.g room and
ladies' parlor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;
week, $2 tj f«; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH, 230 A. l ird— 3 newly fur-
nished sunny front rooms, $'i, $■>> and $10 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTEENTH, 2902, cor. Howard— Single fur-
nished room, $1 a week
THE i 1 rooming house
R HUf.HKS. Proprietor.
THE WALDORF, ?4 Filth . u t.. near Market—
Select rooming house: telephone Mint 1791.
TURK sunny bay-win-
dow rooms,' single ;in.l double; transient.
UNION, 817— Furnished parlors and rooms to
let.
A WEKK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
1? pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year
BOAHUI.\G A.M> ROOMS.
AT 415 First st.— Nicely furnished rooms, with j
board. $4 a week up; Swedish home.
HOTEL VICTORIA, cor. Hyde and California
— Large sunny suite, with board; reasonable;
home cooking.
LEAVENWORTB any rooms; hot!
water: good table board. j
O'FARRELL. I - Pleasant sunny rooms; good '
home cooking: single. J2.": double. $20.
I !.. :: 9 (H tel v\ a di rfT facing Union [
sq.— Furnish, d suites and sincle rooms; in
business locality for table bonrders.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— Care and keeping of 1 or 2 chil-
•lr. n : reas i . healthy location; good
B X '■!. Call offl.-e.
[NFA NTS boa "
Goon home tor 2 children over 2 >■ ir^. 239 A
Shipley Bt.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELD'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
am parlor. 1035 Market St.; popular pi
STORES TO LIOT.
Vi »RE, noi - - and Baker
r . . 3
roi ma In n ar; Bne ■■ m I : fret .
STORE to
stan.l : corner Murki-t. California :tn'\ Orumra
sta, MADISON &- BURKE, 626 Market st.
ELE< : ' ■ N ! '!.'
r<:.t reasonable. 256 Third; call after 2 p. m.
CHEAP storea at 33S Noe st., near Market, for
maker, tailor, etc.
CHEAP stores at 335 Noe st., near Market, for
shoemaker, tailor, etc.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi- :
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
i Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Us.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago la KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A NEW Chickerini and 3 Stelnways. Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness aye., nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
FAMILY leaving must Bell MOO upright piano
; for best offer. 1206 Devisadero st.
MAGNIFICENT high-grade upright piano, like
j new, cheap for cash. Km. 12, Flood building.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos: $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
R. A . DANIELS is now with BYRON
MAUZY. 308 to 312 Post st.
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; Installments, *5 75 up:
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
'BARGAINS Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt.
A— sSs: UPRIGHT piano In fine condition; also
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER Byron Mauzy and other pianos. 308
Poet st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento St., agent for !
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St., next Hioernia Bank.
KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st. i
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. ;
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
HORSES.
FOR SALE Span of fast trotting horses; very
speedy: sold for no fault. CEPA, box 583,
Call offlce.
40 HORSES for rale; also wagons, buggies, !
carte, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Market,
827 Sixth Bt. : aucttc n rales every Wednesday. ;
I.IVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JUST arrived, two carloads well-broken busi- '
ness and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall.
successors Kllllp & Co.: ealesyard. 1732 Mkt.
FOR — (0 horses and mules at old Turk-st. ■
car stables. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS tecond-hand harness: wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom st.
FOR SAL.E-.MISt EL.LANEOUS.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
-INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
SEWING machine: new; 5-drawer: oak; trial
given. 256 Minna St., between 3d and 4th.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN, I}l'<-1019-IQ2I-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
A AN OVERSTOCK
St. Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market Ft.; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies ; best beer pumps; cheap: instailmts.
A HANDSOME emerald and diamond ring;
cost $230 at Tiffany's. New York, for $110.
UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
CENTRAL Eureka stock fpr sale; I will sell
|- 100, 1000 or 5000 shares for 35c per share. R.
! L. CHENEY, 530 California st.
NEW 5x7 long-focus camera; cost $110; will
sell cheap for cash. 521 Turk at.
BOILERS, engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN & BURKE. 13? Beale st.
GASOLINE engines, hand, from 2 to 26 H.
P.; cheap and guaranteed. 643 Mission st.
DRESS pants, $2 95; fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
ing Parlors, 513 Montgomery, cor.Commerdal.
GASOLINE engines— l h. p. $100. 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. $150. 4 h. p. $175. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metals bought. S. F. I. V.. 204 Mission St.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
WHITE'S. 516 Mission st. '
SAFES— AII sizes, new and second-hand. THE
HERMANN SAFE CO.. 417 Sacramento bt.
: POLYPHONE. $35: attachment (only), $15; Will
fit phono or graphophone. Bacigalupl, 933 Mkt.
' SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand, all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
; A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
palrlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PROPOSALS.
TREASURY Department — Office of Marine
Hospital Service, San Francisco Quarantine
Station, Angel Island, Cal., June 6, 1899 •
Sealed proposals will be received at this office
until noon of June 12, 1899, to furnish a steam
disinfecting chamber, bichloride tank and
pipes, disinfecting shed, etc., for use of the
Marine Hospital Service at San Francisco
Quarantine. Schedules and further informa-
tion may be obtained upon application to the
undersigned. S. D. BROOKS, Surgeon, M H.
S., in command of station.
U. S. ENGINEER'S office, room 90, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal.. June 7. 1899. —
Sealed proposals for furnishing and install-
ing electric lighting plants at Fort Point,
Cal., will be received here until 12 m., July
7. 1599, and then opened. Information fur-
nished on application. CHAS. E. L. B. DA-
VIS. Major Engineers.
MINING ENTERPRISE.
TO the new told fields. Lower California —
Dewey Navigation and Trading Company will
dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
Asuncion Bay. Lower California, the early
part of June with passengers and freight;
accommodations for 150 passengers; call early,
as only few berths left. CHAS. F. BLAN-
DIN'. President. 10 California St.. room 5. -.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. • O'DONNELL, office and residence.
X 1021 ft Market at., bet. 6tt* and 7th. V
CITI UK.VI. ESTATE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT.
RESIDENCE AND UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY,
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MONDAY, JUNE 12. 1599,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1558-1590 Fulton St.. N. line, 50 feet E. of
Lyon st., 2 modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms, bath,
brick foundation, etc.; rents $47 50 per month;
25x100; subject to confirmation by court.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1030 Mission St.. NW. line, 350 feet SW. of
Sixth St.; bay-window house of 9 rooms and
bath, brick foundation, etc. ; lot 25_55.
TO CLOSE ESTATE *OF P. BERWIN (DE-
CEASED).
1320 Golden Gate aye., N. line, 137:6 feet E. of
Steiner; elegant residence, with large grounds,
garden, lawn, etc.; lot 68:9x137:6.
BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
2720 Mission st, W. line, 116:9 feet S. of
Twenty-third; elegant cottage of 7 rooms and
I bath, conservatory, etc.; lot 100x250 to Bartlett
I et. ; to be sold in subdivisions.
____
TRUSTEE SALE.
3771 Twentieth St., S. line 155 feet E. of Do-
lores; 2 flats 4 and 6 rooms, bath, brick, foun-
dation, etc.; rents $28 per month; 25x114.
TRUSTEE SALE.
213 Chattanooga St., W. line 200 feet S. of
i Twenty-third; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms, bath,
i brick foundation, etc.; rents $32 per month;
| 25x175.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
j SE. corner Haight and Scott sts., 3 stores of
4 rooms each, with cement basements and H
! modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
cement pidt- walks; both streets accepted; rents
! $212 50 per month; 68:9x72!*.
MISSION COTTAGE.
.20 Diamond st., W. line 174 feet S. of Seven-
teenth; new modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, nicely finished, brick foundation, etc.;
24:10x1.5; mortgage of $1200 at 6 1 * per cent can
remain. ; --;v, "T7~ ■■■
MISSION COTTAGES.
1523, 1525 arid 1527 Sanchez St.. E. line 26:6
j feet S. of Valley St., 3 cottages of 5 rooms _a.nd
I bath each, large basement; rents $13 each; as
j a whole or separately.
MUST BE SOLD. V*
323 Noe St., E. line 140:9 feet S. of Sixteenth;
flat of 5 rooms and bath and lower portion used
j as a blacksmith shop; 25x100.
PACIFIC ST. INVESTMENT.
1 1417-1419 Pacific st., S. line 157:6 feet W. of
Hyde St., 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms, bath; rents
$26 per month; 20x73.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
• 656 Jessie St., NW. line 500 feet SW. of Sev-
| enth; front and rear house of 5 and 6 rooms;
j rents $17 per month; 25x75.
' TO CLOSE ESTATE OF P. BERWIN (DE-
CEASED).
Howard St.. E. line 225 feet S. of Seven-
teenth; 24x114.
i CHOICE BUILDING LOT.
Rush St., S. line 50- feet E. of Baker; lot
. 25x57:6.
■■ WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
j 1356-58-60 Webster st., E. line 25 feet S. of
j O'Farrell; 3 bay-window flats of 6, 6 and 7
i rooms, bath, brick foundation; rents $60; 25x90;
j mortgage of $4000 at 6V2 per cent can remain.
' For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. Auctioneers.
; 14 Montgomery st.
; FORECLOSURE— I 9 lots in block BS2, south of
; Park, to highest bidder. J. J. EVANS,
j Money Loaner, 630 Market st.
' $2500— NEW modern 6-room cottage, with all
! the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
! monthly: lot 25x125; near corner Twentieth
[ and Castro sts. F. NELSON, Builder.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market at.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
GEO. MAVKKLE. German Expert Optician;
charter member American Association of Op-
' ticians. 1071% Market St., S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female ;
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere: they will find
in her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospi-
tal and privacy of a home: consultation free
i and confidential; home treatment, $8. No in-
struments used: satisfaction guaranteed or
. money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER,
! agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s infallible
pills. ElO Eddy St.. bet. Hyde and Larkln; of-
fice hours. 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to S. Sundays
by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly 'all
■ cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure: relief guaranteed
t at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day: no instruments used: cure at office.
$5; home in confinement; skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
. cutting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 842 Post St.. bet
Hyde and Larkln; hours. 10 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m. : Sunday. 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m. '
' ALL ladieF— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed: any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided: kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc ; babies adopted; travelers treated: no de-
lay; -cure sent; call or write; free: confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market it.;
pills, $1; very strong, J2. cr.v :;i .;,
I A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cau«e: positively no instruments used: guar-
anteed cure at office, $5: travelers helped in-
stantly; consultation free and confidential:
home for patients; comfort and privacy.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
Mason and Taylor: office hours, 9 to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m. : Sundays, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
! IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once; safe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores in 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be sent: consultation
free; ladles' physician, practice S7 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A— DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never fails to
cure; consult him first, save time and money:
treatment can be used at home; consultation
free. Call or write. 1023% Market st.
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best, safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladles": letter by return mail; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla,
i DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-766 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco: all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 3000 varieties being used;
advice free: hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and 7 to 9 p. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours; reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home; no Instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, $6. MRS. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness.
ALL married ladies know "Seguro," the great-
est boon to them. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay
st. ; $1 W. Rend 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
guro Mfg. CO.. 531 X st., Sacramento. Cal.
' ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladies with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; It 50,
expressed C. O. D.; don't delay until too late,
OSGOOD TIROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
FOR married ladles — A sure safe preventive;
why wait and suffer? an ounce of prevention
16 worth a pound of cure: $1. 1637 Howard
st., 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.. Sundays excepted.
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden, Oakland: home in confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st. car.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate aye.;
private home In confinement.
! DR. and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st— lnstant re-
lief for monthly troubles or meney back;ss up.
DR. WONG HTM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases nf the human body. 115 Mason st.
LiJLiCATIONAI,.
i ENGINEERING School, civil and mining; as-
saying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— Theory and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics,
BUSlNESS— Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue fre».
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post it.
■ AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship. English branches, etc. ; - life
scholarship. $50; low rates per week and mo.
MJERCANTILE College, room 60. Flood build-
Ing. S. H. TARR. Principal: pupils fitted
for all office work: course In bookkeeping,
rapid calculations unequaled: short time, j
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates: day,
even. ■ San Francisco Bus. College. 1236 Mkt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archi. ; day & eve.
est. 1564. VAN DEE NAILLEN, 933 Market.
INSTRUCTION on piano, violin and cornet;
terms reasonable. 1207 Howard st.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hyde.
I "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
\ mess College. 305 Larkin St., opp. City Hall.
CITY KEAL ESTATE.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM A. CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
ONLY $150— 5150 EACH.
OCEAN BOULEVARD LOTS. SECURE ONE
QUICK.
BEAUTIFUL SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS.
$400 and upward— Graded lots, near the only-
Golden Gate Park. They have no equal. $25
down and $10 monthly.
Branch office Ninth aye. and H st. Open
Sundays.
RICHMOND LOTS AT GREAT BARGAINS.
$750 to $950 each— A few choice cottages with
wells, near Misslon-st. electric car line; on in-
stallments.
$100 — Ocean View lots; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker Building.
ONLY |545; the cheapest lot in Richmond:
Ninth aye., near Point Lobos aye.; 25x120
feet; graded; street graded, sewered and
macadamized.
W. J. GUNN. Real Estate Agent.
410 Montgomery st.
$7850— CHOICEST corner of all; marine and
Park view cannot be obstructed; 10 large
sunny rooms; conservatory; most expensive-
ly decorated; hot air furnace; all possible
conveniences. Apply to ALBERT WILFORD
on premises, cor. Fulton and Shrader s-ts.,
from 11 to 3. McAllister or Hayes-st. car.
$1600 — NEW corner 4-room bay-window house;
10-foot brick basement; stable. 1439 Shot well.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 63u Market st.
GENUINE bargain; $1800; easy payments; hard
finished house. 8 rooms and porcelain bath;
large fine chicken houses, s;tabies and garden;
75x100; high fence and large trees; must be
sold quick; two blocks off Kentucky-st. elec-
tric car; this is not an old rattletrap place.
J. J. EVANS, real estate agent, WO Market.
li your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H MURPHY, 630 Market St.
MUST be sold: good business property of three
stores and two houses renting for about $l',o
a month under lease: lot 40x80 feet, two
frontages. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6«7
Market st.
WANTED—
Cheap lots near car lines anywhere in San
Francisco. J J. EVANS, Real Estate Agent,
630 Market st^
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park,
west of First avenue, and you wish to Bell
them, call on W. J. GUNN l! M intgomery.
4-ROOMED house: lot 25x100: $600. 63 East
Park St.. Holly Park; Mission cars.
COCNTRY REAL ESTATE!.
FOR sale— By owner: bargain.
Model home, located in beautiful frostless
Hollywood; most healthy and accessible suburb
of Lhis Angeles; reached by electric cars in 30
minutes from city center; fare, 10c; 6 acres in
full bearing lemon and navel orange trees, pro-
ducing abundance of fruit, which is shipped
to San Francisco market, bringing highest
prices, being choicest quality.
New 2-story Colonial house, up to date, viz.:
Open plumbing, range, hot and cold water, fine
bath room, porcelain tub: house wired for elei -
trlclty; new barn and carriage house; shade
trees, palms, flowers, etc., etc.: abundance Of
water for irrigation; perpetual water right and
paid for; income from fruit sales pays hand-
somely on investment; owner engaged In mer-
cantile business in San Francisco, and interests
centered there.
Would consider exchange for desirable San
Francisco or Oakland property. Address the
owner, W. B. GLIDDEN,
120 Sutter St., San Francisco. Cal.
A— 12950; 60-ACRE grain and fruit ranch: only
40 miles from San Francisco; new town; rail-
road and boat landing; 40 acres grain and
fruit; good barn, but old house; sold for face
of mortgage; place actually worth $4500. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
FOR eale, cheap — Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Vap-
couver -.and; unexcelled salmor and trout
fishing and hunting; owner leaving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON. Duncans, Van-
couver Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; "150 acres gold to 120 families: 7500
acres left. For particulars of immense crops
raised in dry season of 1997-98 address THE
COCAf I ro . 302 California st.. S. F.
FRUIT, grain and str.ck farms.
W. T"> HOT.roM * ro . 20 Montgomery st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in s. F
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal, no commission; m> delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission st, above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
ANY amount at «i : 2 per cent on reaL estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, nn. B.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, S4«! Market St.; telephone Main I>'4J.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal; low rates; confidential.
BONBLLL Conservatpry bldg., 130 Powell st.
LOAN? mnde t» salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security.
THE REYNOLDS CO., 59 Third St.
AT Nevada Loan office, 214 Grant aye.— Money
loaned on diamonds, jewelry and clothing.
REAL estate. 6 per cent: 2d mortg.. eh
undiv'd int'tp. etc. Harper & Kreiger, 312
Examiner buildins.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without mdorser. TOPBLEY, 592 Parr •
STRAIGHT tip; go where you can save inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason st.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY, 630 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, with removal: no com-
mission; private. T.ICK. llff McAllister st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL KNTATtS.
$90 UPWARD: $5 cash. $5 monthl— choice level
lots, revised map Galindo Tract: nothing to
compare to these for double the money; grand
view: fine soil: In tropical Frultvale. adjoin- j
ing East Oakland; no fogs nor cold winds:
streets all graded; some macadamized; city
water and sewer and near a fine 3-story
Bchoolhouse and 3 lines of electric cars; nice
homes surrounding; build your home or we
will build for you; payment as . 'w rental.
Call or send for circular, 455 Seventh st. and j
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free;
Westall Tract, lots $39 upward; terms to
■ult; Allendale Tract, lots $75 upward; terms
to suit; Galindo Tract, lots $90 upward; terms
to suit. H. Z). JONES, owner.
A POOR man's warning— The North Oakland
• lot and building boom; work on the San Pablo j
aye. electric road: the approach of the Santa |
Fe Railroad; the proposed crosstown electric |
roads and new ferry — are positive indications, ;
of higher real estate values. This week you !
can buy a lot and cottage for $575 and up-
ward; be wise and don't wait. Address R. J.
MONTGOMERY. North Oakland Real Estate
Headquarters, 470 13th St., Oakland.
NEW house. 6 rooms; lot 30x100: fine lo-
cation; must sell quick: other bargains. E.
E. BUNCE. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FIItMTIRB FOR HALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. th*
furniture dealer 11th an* Franklin <">uklanrt.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; large
grounds: private. MRS. FUNKE. 1416 *th »t.
FRMTVAJLH REAL. ESTATE.
NEW, neat, complete cottage; big lot; little
money and easy terms. D. PRATT, Frult-
vale station. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Mar-
ket st., San Francisco.
■ L J — !
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Alphonse Qrosbois and Marie E. Roussey.. 4B-36
Frank L. Young and Mary Klngsley .3-22
Thomas Concannon and Katie McQualde..2s-23
Jos. A. Corbet t and Elizabeth F. Mahoney.2l-21
Harvey L. Tyler and Stella L. Eader 26-21
Louis D. Gordon and Fannie Dreyfaus 27-22
Morton H. Tyrrell and Lulu Walling 23-23
J. Blebesheimer and Martha L. Douglas.. 24-22
John H. Davis Jr. and Rose Vath 42-35
William B. Walker and Mary English. .S^S
Joseph L. Milton and Laura A. Keane 2S-21
Oscar Elllnghouse and Laura E. Schmitt. .3o-24
Horace Schafer and Amanda Hendrickson.. 22-22
Giovanni Roasi and Jennie V. Demnrtlnt... 32-19
G. Falaberry and Madeline Maysonnave...3S-lS |
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be j
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ARMSTRONG— In this city, May 13. 1899, to the
wife of W. H. Armstrong, a son. • ;
HAUGHTON— this city. June 6. IS9S, to the
wife of John Haughton, a daughter.
MABRIED.
APPLE— LEVY— In this city. June 4. 1899, by
Rabbi Isidore Myers. Isidor Apple and Laura
Levy, both of San Francisco.
CASE— KOETZ— this city. June 7, I'M. by
the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.. James L.
Case and Mrs. Emma Owen Koetz, both of
San Francisco.
LEWIS MICHAEL—In this city, June 4. 1899,
by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Aaron A. Lewis and
Ettie Michael, both of San Francisco.
PENNELL— RANSOM— In Oakland, April 18.
1899, by the Rev. R. F. Coyle, Henry E. Pen-
nell of San Francisco and Charlotte Ransom
of Oakland.
SALOMON FRANKLIN— In this city, June 4.
I*o9, by Rabbi Isidore Myers, Max Salomon
and Tessie Franklin, both of San Francisco.
SCHNEIDER — MATTENBERGER —In this
city, June 7. 1899, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
William Schneider and Edith Mattenberger.
SHEILD— PETRIE— In New York City, Au-
gust 25. 1897, by Mayor Strong. G. N. Sheild
and Ella V. Petrie, both of San Francisco.
SILBERSTEIN— RICE— In .this city, June 4.
1899, by Rabbi Isidore Myers. Jacob L. Silber-
stein and Rebecca Rice, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SUENDERMANN— BRUNS— In this city. June
6. 1899, by the Rev. J. FuendelinE. John
Suendermann and Helen Anna Bruns.
DIED.
Bailly, Lola i: Jones, Mrs. E.
Combs. Mis. Kate \_ Kleine, Frederick H.
Cuningham. Kate McCarthy. John D.
De Fremery, James Mangels. Chris
Eastman, Ella G. Regan. Timothy
Feeney, Bessie lels, Mrs H. C.
Frash. Friedrich SI Clair, Mary H.
Fremier, Julius B. Swasey, Henry W.
Gilbert, T) Taylor. Harry W.
Hannivor. Nora A. Torgersen, Evelyn B.
Heyn, Era Wolf, Ernestine
Hlrsinger, Anna M.
BAILLY— In this city. June 6, 1899, Lola Eliza,
ved daughter of Jadnta and the late
Achille Bailly, and sister of Eugene Bailly,
Mrs. J. H. Mullin and Mrs. A. de Bernardl,
years S months and t days.
B PFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Inviti . I the funeral this day
(Thursday), at I ■k. from her late
1924 Stockt n Btreet. thence to St.
Francis I'hurch. where at 11 -'dock a solemn
requiem mass will lie celebrated for the repose
of her soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
C<>.Mi;s In Oakland. Ju Mrs. Kat*
A . wife of A. W. Combs, and mother of
Norman and Alice C imbs, a native of Pee
Dee, ?edar County, lowa, aged 40 years 10
months .->nl 1 day.
CUNINGHAM— In this city, June 6, 1899, Kate,
dearly beloved sister of Margaret t'uningham
and Mrs. James CuMinane. and niece of Mrs.
John Holland of Oakland, a native of the
parish of Killbritain, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 24 years.
(T-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister. Mrs. James CulHnane, 1345
Pierce Btreet, thence to Holy Crocs church,
where a Bolemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary a
Cemetery, Oakland. Take 12 o'clock broad-
gauge boat.
DE FREMERY— W James de Frem-
ery. beloved father of James L. de Fremery
and Mrs. 1' J. Van Loben Sels, a native of
I. aged 73 years.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, whirh will
tuke place Saturday, June 10, at - O'clOi k,
from the family residence, 1305 Adeline street.
Oakland.
EASTMAN— In Walnut Grove. Cal.. June 7,
Ella G. Eastman, ag< d -i years.
FEENEY— In this city, June 7. 1899, Bessie, be-
I daughter of Martin and Frances Fee-
ney, twin sister of Frances Feeney. and sis-
ter of John, James. Dorothy and the late
' ■ i-ney, a native of San Francisco,
ag( '1 7 years and 7 months.
FRASH— In this city, June 7, ISM. Friedrich.
dearly beloved husband of Annie Flash.
fattier of Henry. Ida, Edwin and Herman
Frash, and brother of Mrs. M. Bussenger,
Mrs. R. Stiefel and Mrs C. Ottinger, a na-
tive of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 45 years
'j months and 20 days. (Napa, Cal., papers
please copy.)
FREMIER— In this city. June <?. 1899, Julius
8., dearly beloved husband of Annie Fre-
mier. and father of Annie, Walter and Jose-
phine Fremier, a nativ,- of San Francisco,
aged 43 years 5 months ancl 4 days.
~E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
.7. S. Godeau, SOS Montgomery avenue.
GILBERT— In Oakland. June 5, 1899, Thomas
Gilbert,, beloved father of Thomas Gilbert
of "akland and W. H. T. Dlxon Gilbert of
Templeton, San Luis Obispo County, Cal.,
a native of England, aged 79 years 9 months
and 11 -lays.
HANNIVER— In this city, June 5, 1*99, Nora
A., beloved wife of William Hannlver, daugh-
ter of John and Johanna Sullivan, and sister
of William. Mamie and Margaret Sullivan
and the late Daniel and John Sullivan, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years and 8
months.
(T? Friends and acquaintances are re?pect-
fi:l!v Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resl-
dence of "her parents. 254 Dore street, thence
to St. Joseph' s church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
1 at 10 o"clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
HEYN— In this city, June 7. 1899, Ernest Heyn.
a native of Germany, aged SS years. (Pa-
linas papers please copy at once.)
HIRSINGER— In this city, June 6, 1«99. Anna
Maria, beloved wife of George Emil Hirsin-
gi r, mother of George Emil and Emenc Hir-
Binger, and sister of Mrs. I'rsule Wentzel.
Miv Joseph and Josephine Gasamann, Mrs.
P.ichoff. th° late Jean BaDtlste Gassmann
and Mrs. Genevieve Curien. a native of Urbes,
Alsace, a^eo 66 years 11 months and 21 days.
(CTFripnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resl-
ilence. lir.'.i 1 ., Folsom street, between Seventh
and Eiehttu Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
JONES— into rest, in this city. June
7. 1899, Mrs. Elizabeth Jones, wife of the late
Daniel Jones, and mother of John A., Daniel
and William K. Jones, Mrs. B. Mehring and
Mrs Hester K. Hisson, a native of Maine,
aged M years.
Interment private. Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
KLEINE— In this city. June 7, 1899, Frederick
H.. beloved husband of Lily C. Kieine, and
father of Walter J. and Bertha Kleine. a na-
tive of Saxony, Germany, aged 51 years 6
months and 12 days. A member of Germanla
Lodge No. 171 S. K. of H.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Lapidge street, between Valencia
and Guerrero, off Eighteenth. Interment I.
O. O. F. Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city. June 5. 1599, at his
residence. 1316 Fulton street, John D. Mc-
Carthy, dearly beloved brother of Daniel,
Timothy D.. Nellie, Michael and the late
Dennis McCarthy, a native of the parish of
Scartaglin, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 3S
years.
" tt^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
dence of" his brother. T. D. McCarthy. 1316
Fulton street, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will ho
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MANGELS— In Lorln, June 7. 1599, Chris, be-
loved husband of Cella Mansrels. and father
of Christie and Rhoda Mangels, a native of
Germany, aged 39 years 10 months and I days.
REGAN— this city, June 6, 1599. Timothy
Regan, beloved son of Mrs. M. Haserty of
Tomales, Marin County, Cal., a native of
New York, aged 44 years and 3 months.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
Of H. B. McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street,
between Eljrhth and Ninth, thence to St.
Mary's Church, corner Dupont and California
streets, for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
STANIELS— In Oakland. June 6, 188*. Mrs.
Hannah C. Staniels, sister of Mrs. D. .7.
Abbott and Martha A. Ricker, a native of
Maine, aged 66 years.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence ( SO4 Thirty-third street. East Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
ST CLAIR— In this city. June 6, 1899. Mary H.
St. Clair, mother of Mrs. George H. Palmer,
a native of Castine, Me., used S6 years and
4 months.
C7 lnterment at St. Clair, Mich.
SWASEY— In this city. June 7, 1899, at his resi-
dence, 19158 O'Farrell street. Henry W., be-
loved husband of Belle Swasey. a native of
Maiden, Mass., aged 47 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
TAYLOR— In this city, June 7, 1899. Harry W.,
beloved husband of Ruth S. Taylor, and
father of James K. and Harry O. Taylor and
Mrs. Fannie L. Marsh, a native of HalloweU,
Maine, aged 7S years 4 months and 23 days.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
June 10, at 2 o'clock, from his late residence,
410 Gottingen. corner Bacon street. Univer-
sity Mound Tract. Interment private, Laurel
Hill Cemetery. *
TORGERSEN— In this city, June 7, 1599, Eve-
lyn Birgitte, eldest child of Oluf B. and Ber-
tha E. Torgersen, aged 3 years and 8 months.
WOLF— In this city. June 6, 1899. Ernestine
Wolf of Ocean View, beloved wife of Ellas
Wolf, mother of Annie. William and Joseph
Wolf, and sister of Hermann Waldstein of
Germany and the late A. Waldstein of San
Francisco, a native of Germany, aced 57
years 3 months and 13 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
The.. Dierks. 957 Mission street, and thence
by 11:30 o'clock train to Hills of Eternity
Cemetery for Interment.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
06nccMsor» to Flanagan & Gallagher).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBAI.MKRV
10 Firth at.. oppo«lto Uncoln School.
T«l»phon» South M.
Weekly Gall $1.00 Der Year
1112
THEY WILL NOT
GIVE UP THE
PARTY REINS
The Committee of One
Hundred Meets.
PLANS FOR THE FUTURE
PRECINCTS TO BE RECOGNIZED
IN APPORTIONMENT.
Many Leading Democrats Did Not
Attend the Session at Native
Son's Hall Last
Night.
Thero was a meeting last night of the
City and County Democratic Commlt
the organization known as the
Committee ol one Hundred. The ses
sion v.as brief, but its brevity % did not
obscure the fact that the members of
the committee have resolved to hold
last to the reins of power. Remon
strances and protests may come from
the groat mass of the unwashed against
th< i" rj etuatlon of the committee's au
thority, but no heed will be paid to the
<ry of the masses. Buckleyites may
rave, Harneyites breathe veng
and independent Democratic clubs re
agatnst unwarranted usurpation.
but the Committee of One Hundred will
not disband or retire from the field un
til another battle has been fought.
Only forty-five of the original one
hundred responded when tlie roll was
called. Conflicting reports a? to the
time of the meeting, no doubt, con
fused and k-pt away several members.
A few days ac" the Examiner an
rii unced that the meeting would be on
Thursday evening of this week at Na
tive S>ns' Hall. V- Bterday morning The
• 'all correctly announced that the com
mittee would meet Wednesday even
ing.
Early in the week one faction of the
('invention manipulators prepared a
programme to brick all but twenty
five of the committee, but the scheme
was not sprung last night, for the sim
■ eason tha I heme to
enlarge ih>- membership was known t'>
be ready Cor Introduction. It was Us..
perceived by the Bhrewdest m
the organization that a factional *iL, r iit
before full possession of the works had
been obtained might lead to future
complications, hence harmony pre
vailed. The members were in a happy
frame of mind and became so delighted
« ver Larry Hoey's sty!.- of leading that
they gave him a recall.
Among members of the < "mmittee
who were not present last night are:
A. Comte Jr., Barry Baldwin, James V.
Coieman, J. L. Gallagher, F. J. Heney,
Rudolph Herold, Percy Henderson, J.
< '. McKinstry, W. F. Humphreys, Dr.
C. A. Clinton, Dr. T. B. Leland, Frank
lin X- Lane, Joseph Leggett, I*. J. Mc-
Cormick, W. J. Magee, Max Magnus,
Jos< I'll M. Nougues, Max Popper, T. J.
Pindar and Ed Reddy.
Not the slightest resistance was of
f. I'd when J. D. Maxwell introduced
lolution providing for precinct rep
resentation in the nutninating conven
tion. The meeting would have ad
journed immediately after the adoption
of the resolution if E. P. E. Troy had
not deemed it proper to introduce a
measure to discipline a Democratic of
ADVERTISEMENTS.
3-DAY SPECIALS!
We are gradually getting more and
nior*- people to understand this: .It's
good then we soli It, for the simple
reason that we sell nothing but what
i? good. '
Arctic Icecream Freezers.
Sizes— . Prices Cut
From To
1 quart.... $1 15 95c
2 quart 1 45 $1 -jo
I .juan 1 65 1 45
4 quart 2 00 1 73
fi quart 2 65 2 25
5 quart 3 40 2 90
10 quart 4 CO 3 76
The Arctic Freezers are nicely made
and have the very latest Improvements.
Malt iNu trine, dozen $2.00
For appetite, health and vigor.
Made by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing Co.
Regular : ice $-' 25.
Tomato Catsup, pint bot Isc
Ideal Brand— best and purest.
Regular price 20c.
Sweet Wines, 35c; 3 bots..sl.oo
BPort. Sherry, Angelica.
Madeira, Muscatel and Tokay.
Old, good and pure.
Regular price 50c.
Salad Dressing, bot ..25c
Mrs. Heerman's. unsurpassed.
Regular price 30c.
Parlor Matches, A pkgs.. 25c
"Ideal Brand."
■ Regular price 3 packages -"■•
Mail and Telephone Order; Recede Prompt Attention
21 STOCKTON ST., 3253 FILLMOREST.,
v , .. Market. Corner Lombard.
sSS^UtaWBL • WiHtu.Wirtlll..
NO DEARTH OF FUNDS
FOR THE FOURTH
THE finance committee of the
Fourth of July Committee pot
together last evening at the
Grand Hotel to talk over ways
and means for the coming event.
The attendance was not as large as it
should have been and nothing of a
'1- finite mature was done and adjourn
ment was taken to Saturday evening,
when th,. chairmen of the different
committees are expected to submit
statements of just how much money
they expect to have use for.
Henry Fisher tossed a bombshell into
the meeting that caused consternation
for a few moments. It exploded harm
lessly, however, after having indulged
msiderable sputter. He suggest
ed that if Mayor Phelan stayed with
his resolution to not call the Board of
Supervisors together for another meet
ing before the first of the next fiscal
year the $3000 appropriated by the
f July purpose*
would not be available. The money is
provided for in the lax levy, but it re
quires action by the board before it
can be drawn upon. l T nless the board
takes the necessary action before the
end of the present year the appropria
tion reverts to the general fund.
Chairman Herrin quieted matters by
stating- that he had received a com
munication from Chairman Genres
Fletch< r to the • Keel that he had carefully Investigated that point and was ao
sure it would come out all right that ho would advance the $3000 himself and
take liis chances on reimbursement. Mr. Fletcher's generous announcement
was heartily applauded.
The fireworks committee announced that it was planning to have two dis
plays one at North Beach, the other In the Mission— and that it would re
quire il'*** for expenses. Its Idea in dividing up the display between the two
;> is made clear by the fact that the Market-street Railroad Company
will donate an additional $500 for fireworks If this be done.
Grand Marshal Costello Is hard at work planning his line of march and
the thousand and one other things that will come under his hand. He is be
d at every point by committeemen with ideas to burn and is finding little
time to work out any of his own. He says he has lots of time, however, and
that out of the general flurry he will guarantee there will coin.' one of the
most successful celebrations the city has seen in years.
flee holder for violating a pl< against
contesting the new charter.
A faithful tally of the roll showed
no more than forty-six in the basement
hall, but it was sufficient for tli* 1 sec
retary, who announced to the chairman,
■ a Quorum pn sent." Some old min
utes were then brought Into the light
Eter being read were approved and
ih«- committee got down to business.
The Independent Democratic Club of
the Thirty-eighth District claimed at
tention first through a communication
pleading for proper precinct represen
tation in the coming primaries, it Is
the only fair and Democratic way <>f
conducting the primary, the communij
cation urged, and at that a solitary
rter in th^ middle of the hall ap
plauded vociferously. In the meantime
some '>n< moved the communication be
filed, and this was done. Similar treat
ment was accorded a communication
from the Registrar calling attention to
the primary registration now going on
at the registration -office.
It was announced that the terms of
all the Bub-committees had expired
and Braunhart moved that the chair
man appoint such committees as would
De necessary to take their place?. This
was satisfactory and the chair gave
evidence "f an intention to appoint th-
same committees over again.
A big voice in the middle of the hall
was heard inquiring anxiously if the
intention to reappoint the committees
included the campaign committee, and
it was found that E. P. E. Troy had
risen to make sure the old campaign
committee was fully dead. He was as
sured of Its demise and the voice
ceased. Only the standing committees
will be reappointed.
J. D. Maxwell then presented the only
important business of the evening. He
j had the following resolution which he
i read:
Resolved, That the chairman of the coun
ty • ■ommlttee appoint a committee rif seven
| members to prepare a plan (if apportionment
, for delegates t" be voted for :it the i-nsulni;
primary, and to prepare all papers required by
law; said t--<,mmltt<*e to report to this com
! mittee at a meeting thereof to be called with
in ten days from this date.
Dr. Beverly Cole forgot for the moment
there could be no repetition of the "pri
iriary" of a year ;ig i in the Democratic
parry, and asked some one to throw light
on the resolution. He said the resolution
went on to provide for a primary when it
had not been decided by the august body
hi was addressing that there would be a
primary, Th«- first ;j,itt of the resolution
in favored, but the latter end he would
I hold out until the question of primary or
no primary hud been settled. Howard
Park called his attention to the new pri
mary law, which settles that matter with
out the aid of the Democratic County
( ( mmittee, and then after Larry Hoey
had imparted new beauties t" the docu
iii. in by reading it again, it wa.s adopted.
This seemed to be the limit of the com
n.in.es capacity for work, so one of the
Gallaghers moved that it adjourn. The
motion was eagerly aeconded, but a voice
halted the proceedings long enough to al
low Troy to propose some more work. He
reminded the committeemen that in the
last campaign every Democratic can
di<!ate was pledged not to' oppose the
charter in any way; he referred to the
suit now being brought against It and de
clared there was a Democratic office
holder in the list of plaintiffs somewhere,
and he wanted the county committee to
appoint a committee of three to investi
gate, report and perhaps prepare resolu
tions to fit so heinous a crime, that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JUNE 8, 1899.
! culprit might be denounced in proper
form. His prayer was granted, and In the
> lull th.n followed another Gallagher got
in a second motion to adjourn until next
Wednesday. The motion was carri'-d be
fore any more work could show up. It
. was found the adjournment had been
taken without the appointment of the
committee of seven or the committee of
three on righteousness. Th< appointees
■ »'«] be notified by mail, however, so it
made no difference.
Troy gathered In his own committee at
it Is composed of E I. i: Troj
James Denman and Patrick Boland. They
are after Coroner Hill. The other com-
II be announced to-day.
Those of the committee who were pres
ent were: Jaspar McDonald, E. P. B.
>"■>. ' Gutte, James I'.-n man. I >r. R.
lieverly Cole, Samuel Braunhart, Sidney
Van Wyck, J. D. Maxwell, P. 1. Boland,
if. L. Rea, Charles Gallagher, W. r Cope
Jerry Coffey, John 11. Grady, \V. H. Vin
cent. John J. McGilivray, Ben P. Hawes
Hugh Jones, Henry Lichtenstein Osgood
Putnam, l\ j. Tomalty. John F.-iv Jr
Leo Kaufman. Emil Pohll. John Hansen
Livingston j^nks. Jeremiah Deasy Law
rence Ho, y, Frank Drew, w. n Mead \
B. Maguire. C. M. Stoltz, r. J. McCarthy!
r> ln t'\r ( Vi lk < r Jllhn M - TwiW. Howard
j Tark. M. H. Murison, M. C Hansett ! aw
rence Hrannan. W. T. Hess W 1")" Far
ren. T. J. Lyons and R. V. Whiting.
The New Primary Law.
itic ( ontinental League held a largely
attended meeting last night at Saratoga
Hall. President Frank D. Worth was in
the chair anrl Hamilton Riggins was sec
retary.
The now primary law. copies of which
were distributed to the members present,
was discussed in all its salient features.
Preliminary /arrangements were made for
the best mod.- of procedure In the coming
election and it was decided that each pre
cinct will be represented by two or more
members "f the league, whose duty it will
beUo look after the interests of "the Re
publican party.
E. G. Knapp. L. A. Gibbons, T. H. Mc-
Carthy, Harry Linnell and Amos Currier
presented their views on the subject and
some excellent suggestions were made
Four new members were admitted into
which is growing rapidly
The league will begin a series of public
debates on July 12 at Saratoga Hall on
questions of local and national interest
The subject for the first of the series will
be: "Resolved, That San Francisco should
own and operate its light, heat and water
supply." K. Myron Wolf and Congress
man Julius Kahn have been selected to
argue on the question. President Worth
was constituted a committee of one to
secure other speakers. A decision will be
rendered at the close of the debate by
vote of th>- auditors.
DEMOCRATIC CLUB MEETING.
! Committees Appointed for the Forty-
Third District.
The Democratic Club of the Forty-third
District met in regular session last al«ht
at California Hall. The following com
mittees were announced; On platform—
George Weismann. A. Oault, W. C Kra
mer. On resolutions and by-laws— Sim
Fleischaker, A. <i. Griffin, Bam Waller
William Finnegan and George Somerset.
A special committee of five was appointed
to appoint an executive committee •
fourteen, one from each precinct, who
will practically represent the district as a
campaign committee. Those who will have
the burden of selecting the campaign
committee are Sam Waller (chairman)
J. Maguire, J. Michel. W. Finnegan and
H. Neebe.
Hereafter the Forty-third District Dem
ocratic' Club will meet on Friday even
ings instead of Wednesday
Politics Minus Bosses
At a meeting of the Federation of Re
publican Clubs in Falrmounl Hall last
night it was decided to join hands with
the working committee of the Republican
party minus bosses recently organized 'in
Metropolitan Hall.
To aid in this movement the following
committee was appointed to make ar
rangements by which the Mission will co
operate with those already organised-
Gustav Behnee. A. C. Brown and W I>'
Curtis. Other committees were appointed
to prepare an address which will be cir
culated throughout the Mission and which
will be acted <m at the next meeting of
the federation next Wednesday evening at
Hi- same hall.
Democrats of the Forty-Fifth.
At the regular meeting of the Forty -
fifth District Democratic Club in Gari
baldi Hall last evening- seventy-five mem
bers signed the roll and James D. Phelan
was indorsed for re-election. Chairman
T. Arnberger read the resolution to the
members, and they voted unanimously
that it be adopted. The meeting was well
attended and matters appertaining to the
coming campaign were discussed and dis
posed of. R. J. Kstudlllo, the secretary
of the club, had a large amount of min
utes to record before the meeting ad
journed.
In the Thirty-Seventh
The Thirty-seventh District Democratic
Municipal League met lust Tuesday
evening at Pheliis Hall. Eighty new
members wire elected and twenty-one
vice presidents were appointed, one 'from
each precinct In the district. Addresses
were made by ex-Supervisor P. F. Dun
don, ex-Senator Mead and P. M. Weilln
The committee on conference of clubs
was directed to await the result of the
County committee meriting before taking
any further steps in the matter.
Central Phelan Club.
Last evening the executive committee
of the Central Phelan Club of the Forty
second Assembly District, organized in
1898, held a meeting In the rooms of W Q
Bhepard in the Murphy building. The
meeting was for the nomination of offi
cers to bo voted on at the regular an
nual meeting of the club on the fourth
Wednesday of June. Nominations were
made as follows: W. C. Shepard, presi
dent; Dr. J. F. Wetzel, secretary, and T
Carl Spelling treasurer.
Dr. Barsfleld'a remedy for the blood is
a sure and safe cure for diseases of the
stomach, llvpr, kidneys and bowels. All
druggists; $1 a bottle. •
Hales. ! Hales. i__^~~~s^~ —™J >__?!!ii__™~
A Hale guarantee:
Pin any Hale advertisement to the article advertised and there is your guarantee—a guarantee that doesn't stop short
of your entire satisfaction. And you must be satisfied. You must bring back any wrong thing. You judge us by what you get.
You must get the best. To-day there is more store news than we can practically print. Store interest seems simply unlimited.
Particularly interesting are the lots for baby. '
|-^ £3 f- Every mother in S. F. has an interest in
Of" IJ^IDV tnis ' b;ibv wear store— has an interest
* v* "-^ *'**-' ,/ • whether she be of the thousands who de-
pend on Hale's for supplies or not. Home sewing is foolish drudgery nowa-
days. Skip it. No woman is justified in wearing herself out with work
that can be avoided without extra strain on the purse. This is an age of com-
mon-sense — and ccmmon-sense should be commoner. It can be cultivated.
Infants' Sacques, 25 dozen, made of fine worsted, good heavy weight,
tiimm-'d in pink and b'ue or all white,
At HALES .25c each
Infants' Sacques, 25 dozen, made of fine worsted, hand crochet yoke, heavy
quality, trimmed in pink and blue or a'l white,
At HALES 50c each
Infants' Worsted Leggins and Pants, 10 dozen, combined heavy quality,
fancy ribbed, color white and black.
At HALES 50c each
Infants' Long Slips, 10 dozen, made of fine nainsoo 1 --, full fr#nt, gathered at
neck, imitation hemstitched and emoroiderv ruffled neck and cuffs,
At HALES 50c each
Infants' Long S ips, 10 dozen, mads of fine nainsook ; tucked, embroidery
and braid trimmed yoke ; embroidery trimmed neck and cuffs,
. At HALES 65c each
Infants' Long Slips, 10 dozen, made of fine nainsook, imit.rioi? hemstitched,
tucked and embroidery trimmed yoke, embroidery ruffled trimmed neck
and cuffs,
At HALES 85c each
Infants' Short White Dresses, 10 dozen, age 6 months to 3 years, made of
fine nainsook, 4 clusters of fine lucks and embroidery insertion trimmed
yoke, imitation hemstitched and embroidery ruffbd neck and cuff, regular
value 85c,
At HALES 59c
Infants' Short White Dresses, 5 dozen. 6 months to one year old, made of
. line nainsook ; tucked, embroidery and imitation hemstitched trimmed
yoke, deep embroidery ruffh over shoulder, embroidery ruffled neck and
cuffs,
At HALES $1.00 each
Infants' Short Dresses, 10 dozen, 6 months to 3 years, several different
styles, made of fine nainsook, tucked and embroidery trimmed yoke
with deep ruffle of embroidery all round, embroidery ruffled neck and cuff?,
At HALES $1.25
Infants' Bibs, 15 dozen, heavy quilted with heavy cotton lace edge.
At HALES lOceach
Infants' Bibs, 15 dozen, soft and heavy padded, embroidered edge and bottom*
• At HALES 16 2-3ceach
Infants' Long Skirts, 5 dozen, made of fine nainsook with waist button in
back, 4-inch hemstitched bottom,
At HALES SOC each
Infants' Long Skirts, 5 dozen, made of fine nainsook with waist bu;toned in
back, 5 tine tucks with 3-inch embroidery ruffle on bottom,
At HALES ' 75c each
AN ORDER THAT MEANS
WORK FOR MANY MEN
Thirty New Coaches
for San Mateo
Line,
THE board of directors of the
San Francisco and San Mateo
Railway Company, composed of
A. H. Spreckels (president),
, A Buck, J, D. Spreck.ls. N.
OhlandYand W. D. K. Gibson yester
day ordered J. Hammond & Co., the
well-known manufacturers of this city,
to" build immediately thirty cars for
use on their road. This is one of the
heaviest orders the local firm has re
ceived in some time, and means em
COMPANIONS OF THE
FOREST OF AMERICA
The Grand Circle of California in Ses
sion — This Jurisdiction to Be Vis
ited by the Supreme Chief.
Yesterday morning the Grand Circle of
Companions of the Forest of America was
called to order in the Alcazar building by
Grand Chief Companion Ira W. Coburn.
There was present a full delegation of the
representatives of the various circles in
the State and all but one of the grand
officers— the grand inside guard— were
present. The vacancy was filled by the
appointment of Maurice Rapheld of Palo
Alto Circle.
The reports of the various grand officers
were read and referred to the proper com
mittees.
The grand chief companion in his report
gave an account of his official work dur
ing the year, commended the relief asso
ciation of the order for the ansistance it
rendered the volunteers at the Presidio
and recommended that the ritual be not
changed, that the powers of the grand
chief companion be not curtailed and that
only those be elected or appointed to
office who have time to attend to the
duties imposed upon them by the laws of
the order.
During the year several circles, in con
sequence of apathy on the part of the
members, surrendered their charters. Two
of these were reinstituted and five new
ones were instituted. There has been a
gala in membership and In finances, and
ployment for a large number of work
men for the next six months.
It also means the employment of
more men on the electric road ami In
creased traffic facilities for the resi
deritfi of the outlying districts, as th>»
company, on their completion, intends
Inaugurating a live-minute service be
tween the ferry and Holy Cross Ceme
tery without a transfer. The ears will
probably be completed within six
months and are expected to prove the
handsomest and most commodious in
the city.
Twenty cars will be built thirty-four
feet long, and the other ten will be
twenty-eight feet in length. The cars
will be unusually wide for San Fran-
Clsco, but the amount of street space
taken up by them will be the same as
heretofore. The cars will all be fitted
up with fourteen rattan upholstered
spring- seats, which are said to be the
most comfortable for use in street
generally the order is in good condition.
The membership is 1719.
A vote of thanks was passed to Grand
Financial Secretary Mrs. A. D. Brelner
for having tendered the use of her resi
dence and that of her mother as a head
quarters for the order without cost.
• The announcement was made that Mrs.
Sarah Storey, the supreme chief com
panion, will visit this city in a short time
and will remain here two weeks. The
matter of tendering her a reception was
left for the incoming executive council.
Surprise Circle of Woodland, which gave
up its charter but was recently reinstated,
was permitted to change its name to Mar
guerite.
A resolution was adopted to the effect
i that the Supreme Circle direct that the
, American flag shall be displayed on the
altar in subordinate circle rooms at every
meeting.
It was also resolved that the Supreme
Circle be requested to set aside a day as
memorial day in respect to the memories
of those- who have passed away. --
A motion to allow past grand chief
companions mileage, as is allowed to dele
: gates, was adopted. A proposition to al
■ low such past officers a vote in the Grand
j Circle was not carried:
' The report of the committee on honored
j dead was adopted by a rising vote.
A motion that will carry a proposition
to disband the Grand Circle and place the
membership of California under the juris
: diction of the Supreme Circle will be the
special order for 10:30 o'clock this fore
noon and at 2:30 o'clock: the election of
I grand officers will be the special order.
« ♦ «
I-*die tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild. 334 Poet St. >
I""* 71/1 +~m ~m*m rm r Tes ? goods bu in * time is now
|-<r|f /¥ til lllcl. betwixt seasons. It is capitaliza-
*■ VI XTiUill*!***' tion time for makers. They need
money for fresh ventures. Goods have no value if kept in factories.
Makers are out for cash— and we've men looking tor such snaps. The only
stumbling block is style. We insist upon culling out bad lots. It's for your
protection. Means our success.
Fancy Checked Suitings, a bright, stylish fabric, 40 inches wide, in blues,
greens, cardinals, modes, tans, etc.; somebody loses— not you or us.
AtHALE'S 50c a yard
A Heavy Poplin Suiting, with a small figure woven over the surface; comes
blues, grays, modes, tans; 44 inches wide; an excellent fabric.
AtHALE'S 50c a yard
Fancy Granite Suiting, 45 inches wide, in blues, cardinal, green, etc.; a very
stylish cloth, landed at a much lower cost.
At HALES 50c a yard
Black Satin Duchess, 24 inches, an all-silk duchess, good heavy quaJity, best
dye and finish, one of our best sellers.
AtHALE'S $1.00 a yard
Black Taffeta Silk; we guarantee the wearing quality of our black taffeta
silks; the best Swiss make, full 26 inches wide.
At HALES $1.00 a yard
Foulard Silks, some new designs and colors, 24 inches wide, on heavy
twilled grounds, one of the season's fancies; an unusually attractive lot
arrived by express.
At HALES ..TSC a yard
Fancy goods.
Wash Laces — 1400 yards in odd pieces to be closed out to-day; some short
lengths, some long ; from 2% to 6<^ inches wide, consisting of fancy cotton
lace, English Medici, Point de Paris and Normandie Valenciennes; not a
piece in the lot worth less than I2}.c a yard; to close them out
At HALES 9ca yard
Other Laces— We have about 500 yards of English Torchon and fancy-
colored wash laces, from x% to 3!^ inches wide; we will put these on the
• tables, to be closed out
At HALES 5c a yard
Ladies' Handkerchiefs— White cambric: these came with big purchase re-
cently made in the East; about 1050 handkerchiefs in this lot, some plain
hemstitched, others hemstitched with lace corners; you will want a dozen
or so; on tables all ready to-day
AtHALE'S sceach
An Interesting Glove Transaction— American-made gloves are not often ad-
vertised; these were made in America; made to sell at $1; two-clasp, em-
broidered back, good quality lambskin and an excellent fit; our New
York corps bought about 800 pairs at a bargain; these are now being sold
At HALES 59 C a pair
New ladies' parlors —
Here for your convenience—
A comfortable resting-place—
A convenient meeting-place. »
car pprviee. Tirenty-eig-ht papsengrers
will thus be able to ride in comfort in-
Bide. The outside seats will accom
modate sixteen passengers, each oc
oupying a space of seventeen inches.
The cars are to be fitted with plate
glass windows, so arranged that they
may be run open or closed, at the will
of tli, conductor, who will have a
special look, and thus be able to con
trol the comfort of his passengers.
The exterior of the cars will resemble
a Pullman, having a "monitor" roof,
straight tongue-grooved side panels as
seen on those famous vehicles of
travel.
Ten smaller cars twenty-eight feet
long will In- used exclusively in the
downtown division. All the cars will
be double-trucked, insuring a smoother
ride for the passengers. In fact, the
thirty cms are designed to suit the
traveler and. will undoubtedly prove an
attraction on the popular road.
NORMAL SCHOOL BOARD.
The State Normal School Board met last
evening in the law offices- of Henry Din
spell, Claua Spreekels building. 8. C.
Denson occupied the chair. Those pres
ent were Thomas J. Kirk, superintendent
of public instruction;' W. G. Jobson. F. A.
Hyde, M. Cooney and H. G. W. Dinkel
speil. The board was recently appointed
by the Governor.
A vote of thanks was extended the San
Francisco Board of Education for its
courtesy in permitting the use of the Nor
mal School building on Powell street. M.
Cooney and H. G. W. Dinkelspeil were
named as delegates to the joint committee
of the Normal School trustees which
meets in Los Angeles. The delegates were
j instructed to urge the passage of measures
I which would require applicants to nor
mal schools to possess graduation certifi
cates from recognized and accredited
high schools of the State, or- to pass ex
aminations equivalent to those given in
high schools.
. F. A. Hyde, W. G. Jobson and S. C. Den
son compose the executive committee of
the board. ■• - ■•-"-■;
—■ ♦ ■
The famous old JESSK MOORE WHISKY la
I recommended by physicians for family and
medicinal use because It Is pure.
Supreme Officers Installed.
The work of the Supreme Circle of the
Friends of the Forest closed last night by
the installation of the officers elected the
day before. After the installation there
were a number of congratulatory ad
dresses and a banquet in a downtown
restaurant.
i PAINLESS DENTISTRY. |
H5 v \\\ / ./ / PLATES.. S4.OO up 5&
35 VXil/j^/V FILLING 5...25 C up s=>
J^STytf^C^' CR(M9-NB.s3.sonp^
tS^V' fe*/-*P* t x '~ A Written guar- S^
*&f^. antPe for tenj^
/B ; A-.-\V\\ years with each JJ=»
7b'£\}J\^ P»inlesi Extr»etioD2p
*~5 specialty. **?»
<^5 Open Evenings and Sundays.- S 1 *
§ van v^oom: £
3J ELECTRO-DENTAL PARLORS, *C. •
997 MARKET, CO«. SIXTH, 5^- '
CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIME.
SPECIAL vSII s k $4 00
A HANDSOME LADIES" DESK IN
OAK OR MAHOGANY. IT'S A
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK. BUT
DON'T THINK OUR STOCK OF
LADIES' DESKS IS LIMITED TO
THIS ONE STYLE. THERE ARE
DOZEN? OF STYLES— A STYLE
FOR EVERY ONES TASTE— AND
ALL TINY PRICED.
THE J.~NOONAN
FURNITURE COMPANY (Inc.),
lOIT-1023 MISSION STREET,
(4bove Sixth- i
Phone Sooth 11. Open Evenings.
I LATEST INVENTION, u.s. patent.
 , .... . WHICH CHALLENGES
.A; Id THE WORLD TO EQUAL*
•Sf& O£ for with special ANTI-
Ni, Cx: SEPTIC MEDICINES It
]?«j, ■<! stood 1200 consecutive tests
•^r fer without a failure, a3 a
<^3 rS scientific method of cur-
=3 ! '"-' NASAL CATARRH,
7Z o«/^ COLDS OF HEAD
S Sj^^/i DEAFNESS, NOISES (X
5- 3 %fY^ EARS, etc., It has no
«Se!|//f FREE TRIAL of one
-JXr**~/y3l week given to convince
<*Ss+'jS t<gk . >'""■ Th" treatment Is so
&^^ &iia.-" eas >' a child" can use it.
x^ : Bg6^> Ces t of references given,
m. • :^SB Call or a(ldress
i\s^ *l^a- Dr. R. C. Cottlngham 'Inventor),
I ?Mllr> ™ 2 MARKET STREET!
|\ ffiS^lf^ (Opposite Palace Hotel.)
'\^^^Sis' flours, 0-11 a. m., 2-4
Pain|ess Dentistry.
isr^Rj7^fl^ SEE OUR NEW
jjSfSlf Flesh -Colored
OT'i n Cannot be detected from i
«!& Wf the natural teeth and gun., ■"
V^M W thin and stronger thaa
- rubber.
Crowns. C 3.50. Plates. $5. Filling. 800.
ALL WORK WARRANTED.
CHICAGO DENTAL PARLORS.
24 Sixth st. t Cor. 6tevensoa.