VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 164.
BOERS PREPARING TO FACE
THE BRITISH REINFORCEMENTS
Kruger's Forces Not Only Sur
round and Bombard Lady
smith, but Are Also in Posi
tion to Meet British Troops
Sent From Durban.
While the British War Office Continues to
Suppress News of the True Situation of
Afiairs in South Africa There Is Re
newed Talk of " Muddling" and Unpre
paredness.
LONDON, Nov. ll.— The news from Natal received
in London, though meager, all points to one conclu
sion. The Boers are endeavoring to surround Lady
smith in such a way as to not only completely invest
the town and garrison, but also to be in position to
meet any British reinforcements that may be sent
from Durban.
No fresh battles or even skirmishes have been re
ported. There are signs that the greater part of the
Boer forces are concentrating between Ladysmith and
Colenso. In this position Ladysmith is effectually cut
off from all help, and at the same time the enemy is
well placed to meet any British force advancing from
hstcourt. The risk to the Boers is great in case of
retreat, as General White will certainly intercept them,
unless they fall back. in the direction of Twinta Pass
and Olivers Hock. If they should take either of these
routes they must abandon most of their guns.
The bombardment of Ladysmith continues. Prob
ably the Boers by now have several heavy guns in
place, so that the British garrison may have to endure
severe trials. The Boer shells are said to be bursting
better than hitherto, and the fire of their big weapons
is becoming more effective.
LONDON, Nov. 10.— The British War Office has received from
General Bullet* the following dispatch :
• CAPE TOWN, Thursday evening, Nov. 9.— Have received by
pigeon post from General White to-day the following:
"The bombardment at long range by heavy guns continues
daily. A few casualties are occurring, but no serious harm is
being done.
"The (Toers sent in to-day a number of refugees from the
Transvaal under a flag of truce. A flag of truce from Ladysmith j
met .them out.side the pickets. When the party separated the
Lioer guns fired on it before it reached our pickets.
"Major Gate of the Royal Engineers was wounded to-day
while sending a message.
"The intrenchments arc daily growing stronger, and the sup
ply of provisions is ample."
LONDON, Nov. ti. 4:30 a.'
m. — Complete silence has
again fallen upon affairs in
th Africa. The British public
must perforce be content with the
typed report which
the 3 to filter
through from Cape Town. That
this conditi< 1 .'fairs is no;
../er due to pressure of work
or defective cables has been am- j
proved' The Eastern Tele- [
TWO ITEMS INTENDED
TO WORRY GREAT BRITAIN
TARIS, Nov. 10,-Tho Pntrip points out that England lies open to a coud
Lin. With her squadron* s afloat, on the way
al, 25,000 men could capture London.
f;i.lN. Nov. 10.— The St. Petersburg correspondent of tho lx>kal An
ats the report that the Russians are marching toward the Afghan-
View of Barberton in the East Transvaal, Near Komati Poort.
This Important town is the Center of the rich De Knap mining district, and in an advance by the British from
Delagoa Bay through Kamatl Poori wotild he thHr first objective point. The bold headland overlooking the town, 3000
feet high, is known as the Devil's Kantoor, and its top is covered with rich alluvial gold deposits.
The San Francisco Call.
graph Company reckons that the
real delay in transmission is
about two days. It is evident,
therefore, that the censorship is
responsible for the other two
days of delay which seems to be
fall the dispatches.
Moreover the Daily Telegraph
announces that its "inappro
priated dispatch" from Lady
smith, dated Monday, which the
War Office published on Tues
SAN FRAN CISCO, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
Leading Members of the American Ladies' Committee and Con
tributors to the Fund for Fitting Out the Hospital Ship
for the British Soldiers in South Africa.
day, was not delivered in Fleet
street until yesterday (Friday)
morning. It is believed that the
War Office received further dis-
patches last evening, but nothing
has been published.
At a banquet in the city of
London yesterday the Duke of
Cambridge, speaking of the war,
said:
"We ought never to have al
lowed ourselves to be in the posi
tion in which the outbreak of the i
war found us. I could cry over
the valuable lives which might
have been spared had we been
better prepared."
It is said that General Duller
never expected to commence the
campaign before Christmas, and
it now looks as though this would
be the case. Certainly no artil
lery can reach Durban before No
vember 14. and without addi
tional guns an advance from Est
court would be impossible.
No doubt, as Lord Salisbury
said in a recent speech, England
will "muddle through it," and
yet another illustration of mud
dling has become apparent in the
fact that gunnery . instructors
have only just arrived at Wool
wich arsenal for instruction in
siege train duties. Although
hurried preparations are being
made to prepare the siege trains,
the fact that the men are at I)ev
enport and the guns at Woolwich
seems to show that the idea of the
siege train was quite an after
thought.
The Morning Post says: What
will come of such muddling, if we
ever come to fighting a foe able
to turn it to advantage? Some
radical reforms are still needed
in our mobilization arrange
ments.
The statement from Ladysmith
that the British guns don't reply
to the Boer artillery because the
concrete beds for the guns have
not yet hardened is interpreted
in some quarters to mean simply
i that the British are husbanding
their ammunition, as the Boer
fire is only a trick to get the Brit
ish to waste shells.
f Among the few items that have
arrived from the Cape to-day is
one saying that the Boers are
j planting more guns in the hills
i surrounding Ladysmith.
All the correspondents in the
beleaguered town are safe, and
anxious to reopen communica
tion.
A gentleman who visited Nich
olsons Nek after the engagement
counted twenty-five in killed and
seventy in wounded.
(Continued on Second Page.)
BIG COMBINE ABSORBS
THE UNION IRON WORKS
Gigantic Eastern Ship-Building Syndicate Or
ganized by the Seligmans Effects
the Deal.
Cramps' Yard, Philadelphia; Huntington's Plant, at Newport News;
Columbia Works, Baltimore, and the Works at Bath, Me.,
Also Join the Twenty Million Dollar Trust
A GIGANTIC syndicate, headed by
the Seligmans, is reaching out to
obtain ownership and control of
the leading shipbuilding concerns
of the United States. Intelligence
received by wire from Washing
ton, Philadelphia and New York leaves
no doubt that a vast combination has
been formed to control the building of
battle ships, armored cruisers and pro
tected gunboats, monitors and torpedo
craft designed for the United States
navy and also merchant vessels.
The feature of the news most interest
ing to San Francisco readers is the fact
that the combine contemplates the ab
sorption of the Union Iron Works. The
Call received the first hint of the big deal
(Jay before yesterday. Immediate inquiry
at the office of the Union Iron Works did
not then elicit clear confirmation of the
story. Additional inquiries subsequently
addressed to responsible parties in the
East brought the reply that the syndicate
had practically succeeded in combining
the shipyards of Cramp & Sons at Phila
delphia, C. P. Huntington of Newport
News, Va. ; the Columbia Iron Works.
Baltimore, the Bath (Me.) Iron Works
and the Union Iron Works, San Fran
cisco. It is highly probable that other
yard^ of minor importance are involved
In the general scheme and consolidation.
Early yesterday morning the local man
agers of the Union Iron Works were ad-
IBVING M. SCOTT.
1 ISAAC N. SELIGMAN.
vised by wire of the proposed consollda
lion. The advices contained the announce
ment thai the agents of the syndicate de-
Bired that Henry T. Scott should be the
manager of the Union iron Works.
Yesterday [rving M. Scott was request
ed on behalf of The Call to supply de
tails of the negotiations, but he asked to
be excused from an interview on that
subject. He did not deny or discredit the
report, but advised that the facts for pub
lication be obtained elsewhere.
Some years cro the Sellgmans. who are
large owners of the stock of the Penn
sylvania road and the American Steam
ship Company, acquired a large if not
a controlling interest In the Cramps ship
building concern. In order to render the
investment remunerative i;i a hi^li degree,
Fteps have doubtless been taken to dull
the edge of competition in bids for Gov
ernment work. To accomplish this end a
consolidation of all the competing enter
prises was siiKgestod. When the recent
bids for the construction of cruisers were
published, the suspicion of a combine was
excited.
The absorption of the T'nlon Iron Works
by an Eastern syndicate will not l>e com
mended in San Francisco. As the work
of ship construction can be done cheaper
in the East than here, and as the ma
terials required for the building of a ship
can there be snppied at figures lower than
can be obtained in this city, the appre
hension comes that the Union Iron Works
will be the first of the great concerns to
suspend building operations when orders
slacken up.
It is estimated that the consolidated
value of the concerns admitted to the
combine exceeds twenty million dollars.
Figures of the capitalization are not
available. The value of the Cramps'
plant and general equipment approxi
mates seven million dollars. The Hunt
ington plant at Newport News is ac
counted to be worth five million dollars.
Last month there were 3600 men on the
payroll of the Union Iron Works. Last
Monday the company paid to employes on
account of the October roll $160,000.
The chief owners of the Union Jron
Works are Irving M. Scott, Henry T.
Scott and James 08. Gunn. James V.
Coleman in the settlement of the estate
of his mother became owner of some of
the stock and his two sisters, residing in
the East, also own stock of the works.
The popular notion that George Y/. Pres
cott is an owner of a large block Is said
to be incorrect. It is asserted on good
authority that the Southern Pacific
Company has no interest, either direct or
remote, in the Union Iron Works. The
ownership of the property Is represented
by ten thousand shares of stock. The
Seligmans could not have gained control
without the consent of the Scotts.
The Scotts may retire from the ship
building industry in San Francisco with a
sense of relief. In retirement they may
enjoy immunity from the. attacks of the
boodllng and vindictive press.
Irving M. Scott has lived In this city
thirty-nine years. His time has been
chiefly devoted to the upbuilding of a
great Industry, which affords employment
to thousands of men. Praise of his work
from all parts of the world has been ac
corded. The success has not been
achieved without the risk of great losses.
On every battleship constructed he ac
cepts a risk of $5,000,000. Few millionaires
are ready to take such chances. Most of
the rich men prefer safe investments In
real estate and Government bonds.
The Scotts have been shamefully har
assed and maligned. In the recent muni
cipal campaign the elements opposed to
Industrial progress were active in assail
ing the managers of the Union Iron
C. P. HUNTINQTON.
Works. The Scotts were charged with
employing scab labor and resorting to in
timidation to prevent the workmen from
voting as they desired. As a matter of
fact Irving M. Scott never sought to in
fluence his men as to how they should
vote. The only way the men could judge
of Mr. Scott's choice of candidates was to
ascertain his sentiments as proclaimed on
the stump.
No one connected with the management
of the Union Iron Works even thought i
of placing an Impediment in the path of
the men to the polls, yet a newspaper
concern which was purchased at auction
for $37,n00 impudently and arrogantly In
sisted that the 3500 men at the Union Iron
Works should each have two working
hours to vote. A demand was made that
the Scotts should stand the loss of 7000
hours. The demand was addressed to men
who in one month alone had disbursed the
sum of $160,000 to 3500 employes.
The case of the Scotts is only one of
many. Leading men, the builders of the
State, the promoters of prosperity, the
men who invest capital, brains and energy
in great enterprices for the betterment
of the city, are constantly assailed by j
vicious and irresponsible papers.
In August. 1888, when the Navy I>epa;t
ment Invited l>ids for the construction of
three cruisers and two gunboats— the first I
vessels of the new navy— only five firms ;
responded, and of these one did not have '
the requisite facilities, and the contracts
went to the Columbia Iron Works at Bal
timore, Cramps at Philadelphia and the j
Union Iron Works in San Franrisco. i
These three yards practically constituted
the private shipyard facilities of the :
country for navy building, and not one of ,
the eight navy yards had the requisite I
plant to build. During the past thirteen j
years the number of private shipyards !
capable of doing navy work has increased i
to over twenty, and three <>f the navy j
yards have good shipbuilding plants, "if
the one hundred and odd vessels built
j or building since ISS6 only four were built
I in two navy yards: the others, including
fourteen battleships and armored cruis- 1
ers, were the product of private ship
yards fostered by a protective and liberal
i policy. In the early period there was a j
keen competition between the older estab- j
lished firms and the new firms, that were i
attracted by the high prices paid for navy j
work, and while the cost was high the |
(Jnvprnmpnt erot a fnir value thp inrln«-
Government got a fair value, the indus
tries attendant to ship and engine buiid
ing were developed, and the work was di
vided all over the country to big and
small yards. In 1895 the first disturbing
factor appeared with the Newport News
Company, which underbid the other yards
so greatly on the contract for two battle
ships as to indicate that an understand
ing between the several builders was ab
solutely necessary for their common good,
and subsequent bids tended to prove the
correctness of this belief, culminating a
year ago in the charge that the principal
shipyards had formed a trust for the pur
pose of regulating prices. The Newport
News. Bath Iron Works, Lewis Nixon
and the Union Iron Works were named as
constituting the trust, and while the of
ficials of the several firms indignantly de
nied the existence of such an organiza
tion the Navy Department nevertheless
took alarm and prepared to overcome any
attempt to gouge the Government. A fur
ther, almost positive, proof was furnished
PTUCE FIVE CENTS.
HENRY T. SCOTT.
CHARLES H. CRAMP.
a week ago. when the bids for six cruisers
were opened, and The Call pointed out the
suspicious fact that three of the bids
were so close to one another as to indicate
an understanding between the several
firms. These coincidental bids were as
follows: Bath Iron Works, $1,041,550;
Union Iron Works, $1,041,900. or only $250
higher than the Bath offer, and the bid of
Lewis Nixon. Elizabethport, was $1.039.%6,
or $1934 less than the highest tender. The
Columbia Iron Works', Baltimore, bid of
$1,116,000 was a fair price, but It was $74. 100
above the Union Iron Works, and exon
erates that firm from the suspicion of be
ing a member of the ring. The other bid
ders are hardly to be considered, as they
either lack the experience or the facili
ties, and will therefore not have any
standing with the Navy Department.
The news of the actual formation of a
shipbuilders' trust does therefore not
come as a surprise. In April last seven
shipbuilding tirms around the lakes in
corporated under the name of the "Ameri
can Shipbuilding Company," with a capi
talixation of $30,000,000. and on October 21
the company announced it had
i contracted to L>uild twenty-three
ate< 1 steamers and barges. of
139,100 gross tons, to cost about $6,902,
--000. Three llrms not in the trust will
two steamers to order and one to sell, and
it is clear that the combination will have
a great advantage over Individual build
ers. That a similar trust should be
formed among builders on the seaboard
is therefore quite natural. The ("ramp
yard is only such in name, as Charles
Cramp and his brother and other rela
tives are entrusted with the affairs of a
huge combined capital in which the Penn
sylvania Railroad, bankers and rolling
mills are largely represented. The Bath
Iron Works Is likewise an aggregation of
New England capital; the Newport News
is one of Collls P. Huntington's enter
prises, aided by foreign capital, and the
Union Iron Works firm of this city is like
wise composed of shipowners and others
with capital or influence, represented by
the Scotts. Th.-se four linns, which em
brace the largest in the country, would,
if combined, make It unprofitable for
smaller builders to compete, yet it is pos
sible that Lewis Nixon and the Columbia
Iron Works may be taken into the fold, as
the representatives of these firms have
great influence in Washington.
There is still another yard to be, which,
if it is not already enrolled in the combina
tion, would furnish a lively opposition
when ready for work. It is located at
Camden, and a vast amount of money is
being expended upon buildings, tools,
dock and piers. It is named the New
York Shipbuilding Company, has capital
to back It, experienced men to run it and
will begin early enough to bid on the bat
tle ships and armored cruisers to be con
tracted for next year.
This new trust is a serious matter for
independent builders, for they cannot
hope to compete for such work as the
combine wants. The workmen will be
less independent than heretofore, and
must be content with such compensation
as the trust may offer. The individual
power of each of these great firms has
been felt in the past; they have influenced
legislation, disapproved or sanctioned ap
pointments of bureau chiefs and sent ob
noxious Government inspectors to sea or
other duty, and now that they have com
bined, one agent at Washington will have
but little difficulty to bring about the con
summation of any wish or demand from
the trust.2
FIFER CHOSEN INTERSTATE
COMMERCE COMMISSIONER
JOSEPH W. FIFER, Ex-Governor of Illinois, Who Has Been
Appointed Interstate Commerce Commissioner.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The President has appointed Former Governor
J.^oph W. Flfer of Illinois a member of the Interstate Commerce Commission,
vice W. J. Calhoun, resigned.
Boon after the name of Mr. Fifer had been presented the names of -
prominent men on the Pacific Coast were sent in. Messrs. Wheeler and Chtpman
were prominent candidates of the far West, and a g 1 deal of influence i> -
have been br.'ueht to bear in thoir fnv.r The Presldeni knows Fifer pen
and was all along disposed to give him the position. Hut the •\.iin:s of the Cail
fornlans cause.l him to pause, it is believed, and the situation for a time was
perplexinj S tor < allom saw the President a few days ago, and was then
given to understand that Governor Fifer would ted.
OMINGTON, Ell., Nov. LO.— Ex-Governor Fifer said to-night: "It is
• i that lam gratified at my appointment. '1 • ■ . -
r> :- weight and responsibility. However, connected with th.- office is work in the
th what 1 hay.- I i doing
1 can p-»r?< rm thi ' eater ease and satisfaction to my-
Belf than tl • I si any other pos!ti< n
a provision which forbids a Commlssi r , _
■i during his term of office. This will make it necessary, of course, for me
to abandon the law practice. This, however, i* not :( t nil O l .■ to me for
the reason that I have beer, in the active practice of my prof< ssion tor over thirty
yea-rs, excepting the four years during which I was Governor of Illinois. A
change at this time will be very agreeable.'"
William R. Wheeler, the choice of the Pacific Coast for the vacancy in the
Interstate Commerce Commission, when informed of Mr. Fifer'a appointment
Bald: "I f<?el that while the coast failed to get the appointment, the unanimity
shown by the press and commercial bodies of the Pacific Coast will prove an
opening wedge and will bring recognition to up at the next opportunity. I feel
more than gratified at the expression by the entire press and people of Interest
in my candidacy. The result next time may be different."
AMERICAN WARSHIPS
NEARING COMPLETION
Fighting Strength of the United
Stateß Navy Soon to Be Large
ly Augmented.
WASHINGTON, Nov. Admiral
Hichborn. chief constructor of the navy.
issues a statement of the work on naval
vessels now building, from which it ap
pears that the battleship Kearsarge, at
Newport News, is advanced toward com
pletion 97 per cent; the Kentucky, at the
same place, 95 per cent and the Illinois 71
per cent. The Alabama, at Cramps',
stands at 91 per cent, and the Maine, at
the same place, at 15 per cent.
■The Wisconsin and Ohio, at the Union
Iron Works, are reported at 7s) and 70 per
cent, respectively, while the work on the
Missouri has just been begun at New
port News. The sheathed cruiser Al
bany, building at Armstrong's, is nearly
finish her percentage being 94, and the
Navy Department must soon make ar
rangements for her delivery.
The four monitors, the Arkansas the
Connecticut, the Florida and the Wyo
ming, are set down at 4, 30, 1" and 24 per
cent, respectively. The Dahlgren and
Craven If ad the list of torpedo boats with
a percentage of 9S, with the Qoldsboro, at
Wolffs ft Zwlcker's, at Portland. Or., next
in advancement at 93 per cent.
The thirty boats remaining vary from
*3 per cent all the way down to 3 per C"nt.
No work has been done on the submarine
boat Plunger for a long tima past, and
she stands at 86 per cent.
WILLING TO COMPROMISE.
! other Effort to Be Made to Settle
Up Union Bank Affairs.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 10.— President Rea of
the Union Savings Bank has called a
meeting of the depositors of the bank for
November 22, at which time he declares
he will outline a policy to be followed
in the settlement of the affairs of the In
stitution. An attempt will be made to
compromise with the depositors. At an
informal meeting a few days ago the
stockholders made this same move ami
appointed a committee to meet- the de
positors and see if this end could not be
brought about. It It ."aid the depositors
will be offered about 50 cents on the dol
lar. Another matter that, will be brought
up will be an effort to obtain an agree
ment from the depositor? releasing the
stockholders from further liability,' pro
vided they pay the? $70 in assessments re
cently levied. ;.>.,- -
The bank has received several offers
■from parties fur the purchase of ' the
bank building. At to-day's meeting
Charles M. Snortridge made an offer on
behalf of Ban Francisco 4 men to buy the
building for 180.00 cash. This was re
fused. D. A. McColgan of San Francisco
was given a ninety-day option on the
bull. for $90,000. Tie stated be was sure
that the parties he • represented would
take the building. This is $20,000 more than
the building has been valued at as an
asset _■ ■''■ ■
Ostrich Trusts Formed.
PASADENA, Nov. 11.— Two ostrich
trusts have t>»en formed in the south,
ng by the deals whlclj have of late
i«rn consummated. A. Y. Pearson, the
well-known theatrical manager, formerly
of the BurV.ank of L,o« Ang<-ks and owner
cif the Pearson stock companies, is one
monopnilHt, and Edwin Cawston is an
other. Recently all the ostriches In South
ern California were sold to J. Bteln, rep
resenting a New York syndicate. Edwin
Cawston?s South Pasadena birds were the
only ones exempted. Now the New York
syndicate has sold the Mn birda to Pear
son and Cawston has purchased all the
birds ■)!] the Hawaiian Mauds, a* was
announced some time ago. One of Pear
ton'B farms will he located In Jackson
ville, Fla., and the other somewhere in
Bouthern California.
Attorneys Accused.
BAN LUIB OBISPO. Nov. 10.-R H.
Molse, one of the jurors In the trial of
Findley, the defaulting Tax Collector,
arose In ihe jury box and threw the
. mrtroojn Into a wild Ktate of excite
ment by uccusiny the attorneys for the
jroaecution of attempting to delay tne j
TWO HUNDRED SOLDIERS
TAKE "FRENCH LEAVE"
Large Number of Desertions From '
the Forty-Third Infantry at
Fort Ethan Allen.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10. -A special to the ■
press from Burlington, Vt.. says: Off!
of the Forty-third Infantry at Port Ethan
Allen were perturbed this morning when
they found that a large part of the rai
ment hrul taken "French leave." The
men were paid off yesterday and those
contemplating desertion were waltln ; tor
the money. Tho officers admit that 120
privates and non-commissioned "- !
ran away last night and the Dumber that
deserted In the last f'iur weeks will swell
the list to 200. Probably twenty or thirty
of the men will return and report for
duty before the regiment starts for New
York to embark on the transport Meade
on Monday.
Last night many of the soldiers visited
the clothing stores in this city and bought
civilian clothing. They went down to the
wharf and discarded their uniform
throwing them behind lumber piles and
into the lake. Twelve uniforms were
this morning behind the railroad
station and fifteen were found on the
wharf.
No steps have been taken by Colonel
Murray to recapture the deserters The
regiment will start for the Philippines
next week as though nothing unusual had
happened.
RAILWAY MAN MISSING.
Eastern Passenger Agent of the Cot-
ton Belt Disappears.
PITTSBURG. Nov. 10-w. F. Kantz
the general Eastern freight and passenger
agent of the Cotton Belt Railroad with
headquarters in Pittsburg, suddenly and
mysteriously disappeared from this cltv
on Sunday morning, October 29, and since 1
that time nothing has been seen or heard
of him, although every effort baa been
made by the Cotton Belt Company to an
certain his whereabouts. u as |
Mr. Kantz bad been summoned to the I
main offices of the company at St. Louis I
but never reached there.. It is feared that
he has met foul play and that he never
got outside of th* city. Mr. Kantz Si. I
to Pittsburg from Tyler. T,x, * " r
years ago. He had been connected with
the Cotton Belt road for many . ears and
was one of its 'most trusted *& efficient |
employes. " u eni <=»ent
TO OUST THE SALT TRUST.
Action Begun by the Attorney Gen
eral of Ohio.
POMBROY, Ohio. Nov. io.-Su!t was be- '
gun in the Circuit <'ourt to-day by At- i
torney Genera] Honnett to oust the \-i ■
tional. Salt Company, familiarly termed
the "Sail Trust." incorporated uhtterthe
aws of New fork, on the ground that :
it has. In violation of the Valentine ami i
trust law, forfeited the right to do bus
ness In Ohio. The salt works at this
place, which were purchased by the Nn i
Uonal Salt Company, have been closed'
and the price has beep advanced it' i« :
said, 30 cents on the barrel. W
May Be the Murderer.
SUISUN, Nov. About thirteen years
ago Mrs. Nellie Lyons was murdered in
Wooden Valley. Napa County, by Peter
Olsen who eluded arrest. Lost week
Sheriff Dunlap of Xapa County received
a letter from Sheriff Moffley of Galimfo
111., a! ii" , for a description of ivter
Olsen. He Inclosed a letter from a Calf
fornlap, who is a prisoner in his iaii"
In which the man Paid another prisoner
in the Jail resembled Olsen. The suspect
admitted being in California about ! the"
time Mrs. Lyons was murdered but re
fused 10 talk of Napa County. The de
sired information was sent to the Eastern
Sheriff and a reply is awaited with inter-
Sold Indians Liquor
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 10.-Ah Yuen a
Geyservllle Chinaman, was held .or trial
in the Superior Court this afternoon by
Justice Moore of Qeyserville on a charge
of selling Honor to Indiana. He admits
the offense, but claims he did not know
the jaw and did not know. the men were
Indians. ■<■.-.- .- .•■ ■■■ <■■ .r, . . . \; : ■■-_ ■■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
BRIGHAM ROBERTS
TO BE ARRESTED
County Attorney of Salt Lake
Authorizes the Issuance of
a Warrant.
0 SALT LAKE, Nov. 10.— The County Attorney of «!
!? Salt Lake County has authorized the issuance oF a 8
|§ warrant, which will be issued to-morrow, for the g
1 arrest of Brigham H. Roberts, Congressman-elect, |
£ on the charge of unlawful cohabitation. g
BOERS PREPARE
TO FACE BRITISH
REINFORCEMENTS
(Continued from First Page.)
The latest advices from Kim
berley, dated November 2, say
that all was well there then. An
explosion had been heard, and
the supposition was that the
Boers had blown up the railway
culvert south of Dronfield.
The Belgian Government, it is
said, has warned Dr. Levels,
whose headquarters are at Brus
sels, that Belgium is a neutral
country.
A corps of engineers from Gib
raltar will accompany the siege
train to the Cape, and the men
will be used in mounting the
: heaviest guns in embrasures.
Two battalions of mounted in
: fantrv, every man selected for his
■
! riding and shooting qualities, will
: be sent to the front.
BRITISH TRANSPORT
REPORTED SUNK
Said to ; aye Gone Down With
Soldiers Off the Coast
of France.
BREST, France, Nov. 11.
A rumor is current that
a British transport has
foundered off Usharrt, jn
the c ast of Brittany
France, .
CHOATE TALKS OF
IRONCLAD FRIENDSHIP
EDINBURGH, Nov. 10. -Joseph Choate,
{).>■ United States ISmbassador, who was
the chief guest at the annual banquet of
th< '. r Scotl Club this evening, met
with a!) enthusiastic ovation. Sir Her
b< n Maxwell, who presided, made a
cordi.-'i r< ference to the friendship that
seals England and America.
In the course of a speech proposing the
toast to literature, Mr. Choate said:
"Truly your country and mine are con
d by bonds of sympathy that were
never stronger and closer than they are
at 'his very hour. I can assure you that
Lord Salisbury's generous and cordial
i words at the Lord Mayor's banquet yes
terday will meet with a quick and hearty
n;-i"ii!Hi beyond the Atlantic.
"It has been said !.y a great poet that
'peace hath her victories not less, re
nowned than war,' and this ironclad
friendship which now prevails between
! these two kindred nations is her latest
; and greatest victory. Jt means not
| merely between your country and mine,
but among all the greut nations of the
earth, and it tends by advancing civlliza
: t!on to promote the welfare of the whole
; human race."
The remainder of the much-applauded
; address was devoted to a humorous com
[parison between American and Scottish
: diameter, as illustrated In every-day life
i and to a eulogy <<f Sir Walter 8
Andrew Lang responded to the toast.
BIG GUNS THAT NOW
DOMINATE LADYSMITH
KSTC'OT'RT, Natal, Nov. 7.— The latest
news from Ladysmith is that the British
trumps are holding their own easily iind
making daily onslaughts on the enemy with
a flying 1 column of artillery and cavalry.
The position at Ladysmith appears to be
thus: The Boers are trusting to their big '■
guns to force a surrender, while General
White takes every chance of sallying
forth and hammering the enemy to pre
vent his getting neur. It is hardly likely
thai the Hoers will attempt to take Lady
smith by assault. The Boers' big guns
dominate Ladysmith from Mount Um
bulawane on the east and from points on
the north and northwest.
The object of the Boers is to silence
the British naval puns, which are being
mounted on the heights at the north 'if
the town. They have as yet inflicted but
little damage.
The Boers are reported to be not only
invesiing Ladynmith in great numbers,
but to be also in force near Colenso, and
to have long range Creusot guns- posted
on the hills covering the railway line
north and south. These guns are in
tended to dispute the advance of the Brit
ish forces for the relief of Ladysmith.
The British position will be better when
the Powerful guns, which are now on
their way, arrive here.
BOERS SHELLED AND
FUSILADED COLENSO
LONDON, Nov. 11. -The Dally Tele
graph prints the following from its war
correspondent:
-EBTCOURT, Tuesday, Nov. 7, 8 a. m.-
My Kaffir runner, who yesterday brought
an official message from I^adysmlth, met
a Boer commando marching toward Oo
lenso. The enemy have formed a laager
at Maglvava, four miles north of the
Tutcela River. They shelled and fusiladed
Culenso before returning to continue the
luotinfj yesterday. The military authori
ties hope to open hellographlc communi
cation with Ladysmlth to-day. I am
going with an armored train to Colenso."
ALLEGED DECIMATION
OF A BRITISH REGIMENT
LONDON, Nov. 10.— Another rumor
emanating from Amsterdam sources says
that a British regiment was decimated
Friday by Free Staters. It Is added that
COO British soldiers were killed or wounded
and that 300 horses were captured.
Last Wednesday night a similar report,
stating that the Fifth Lancers had been
annihilated by the Boers, was sent out
from Paris. The number of killed or
wounded was also given as 600, the report
adding that 300 horses were captured.
STRUCK AN AMBULANCE.
I-ONDON, Nov. 10.— The War Office has
Issued the following:
"A report having appeared in the Soutn
African papers that our artillery fired on
the Geneva flag. General Buller teie-
I b tiic following account of the inci
dent siven to th«- Standard and Diggers'
News by the Rev. Dr. Martens, a Dutch
clergyman with the Boers: "Directly after
the first cannon shot the English thought
cur men were at the- railway station, and
fired there. They wire not: hut one of
the shots went through an ambulance. As
soon as they found their mistake they
i firing.'
"The ambulance, In accordance with
the usages, should have been three miles
from the field "f battlo. bo the ambulance
cannot claim the English broke the
usages of civilized warfare, but I do not
think the English would have fired on
them had they known this. It was unin
tentional."
REVIEWED BY WALES.
LONDON, Nov. 10.— The Prince of
Wales, the Duke of Cambridge and Lord
Wolseley reviewed three squadrons of the
Household Cavalry at the Albany bar
racks this afternoon previous to their de
parture for South Africa. The Prince ol
Wales and his party were greeted with
■ iyal salute. After the parade ttie
Prince congratulated the troops. He said
he was proud to be th^ir honorary
colonel, was convinced that they would
give a pood account of themselves, and,
tided, his heart would be with them
across the sea. His Royal Highness alno
wished the soldiers a safe return.
DEPARTURE OF TROOPS.
LONDON, Nov. 10.— The troopship Ba
varian .-aiu-d from Queenstown thi.s cvi n
ing for the Cape, carrying the Connaught ■
Rangers, the First Battalion of the Royal
Dublin Fusileera and a contingent of mis
lecua troops, altogether over 2000
men and a large quantity of stores.
Crowds witnessed and cheered the de
parture of the vessel.
FOR THE WAR FUND.
LONDON, Not. 10.— Tenders for £3 000
--treasury bills, the first installment
of the war fund, were opened to-day Th.c
of the applications amounted to
r21,000. The issue was allotted as fOl
-£2.000,000 at six months and £1 -
■ twelve months. The average rate's
ES 18s Sd for the six month
bills and £3 5s fid for the twelve months
BRITISH CONVOY LOST.
LONDON, Nov. 10,-The War Office this
i \>i::i!L issui d the following:
"ii Buller, i :aj •■ Town, 12:40 p. tn.,
by message from Bulluwayo, dated No
vember 3.— A small convoy and escort
under Speckley of Plumer's fore,.-, was at
tacked by Boers November 2. Six men
are missing and the convoy was lost. "
TRANSPORT MOOR ARRIVES.
CAPE TOWN, Nov. 10,-The British
Moor, having on board the of
flc< r^ of the staff of three divisions of the
British army corps on its way to South
Africa, arrived here at 1:30 o'clock this
morning.
MOBILIZATION ORDERS.
LONDON, Nov. 10.— Orders for the
mobilization of the necessary reserves for
supplementary division announced
erday by Lord Wolseley, were issued
this evening. r *he men will join between
November 13 and 2u.
TO JOIN THE BOERS.
BERLIN, Nov. 10. —It is asserted that '
Major Yon Reltzensteln, winner of the
long-distance military ride from Berlin
to Vienna, has gone to the Transvaal to ;
join the Boers.
ASTRONOMERS READY TO
PHOTOGRAPH METEORS
Preparations at the Yerkes Observa-
Tory for the Expected Shower
Next Week.
WILLTAMS BAY, W'U., Nov. 10.— The
I astronomers of the Yerkes Observatory
are already on the lookout for meteors,
although none of the Leonides ure ex
pected before Sunday morning.
The twenty-four-inch reflecting- tele
scope which has just been completed in
t the instrument shop of the observatory,
has been Bet up temporarily on the roof
■ of the building. It Is supplied with a tern- I
porary equatorial mounting which has
been tested and found to work satlsfae- I
torily.
Sixteen photographic cameras are being
prepared with apertures varying in size I
from two to six Inches. They are to be I
attached to the mounting of the telescope i
in such a manner as to cover as much as I
possible of the sky where the meteors are'
; expected to appear. It is hoped that a
large number of meteor photographs will
be obtained and the position of tlie radt- I
ant determined with greater accuracy
than ever before.
Professor Barnard considers from 2 to
5 o'clock in the morning of November 15 '
the most favorable time for making ob
servations.
NO TRACE OF THE
MISSING SURVEYORS
TUIIA, Ar\z., Nov. 10.— Captain Alfonso
D. Smith, president, and O. F. Brsyit, vice
j president of the Yuma and Gulf of Cali
fornia Railroad Company, arrived to-day
! from the gulf and report that no trace ear*
be found of Colonel Stocker, chief en
gineer; Dave Unruh. assistant tngineer;
Manuel Martinez and Charles Tyson, the
railroad surveying party who were re
i ported a few days ago to have been
! drowned in the gulf. A party of eleven
men were engaged surveying a railroad
' from Yuma to the pulf. The four above
j najned got into a small boat with the ln
, tention of moving the camp ten miles
1 down the gulf. A gale came up and the
! boat was carried to sea. The balance of
j the party were left without provisions
i and came to Yuma on foot, traveling
! forty-five miles without food or water.
Smith and Brant went immediately to
the scene of the disaster, but could find no
trace of the missing men.
OFFICIAL COUNT OF THE VOTE
PROGRESSING IN KENTUCKY
No Matter What the Result May Be, the Courts
or the Legislature Will Have to Decide
a Contest.
GOVERNOR BRADLEY OF KENTUCKY.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. 10.— The offi
cial count of the ballots east on Tuesday
was begun to-day throughout the Stair.
In this city a Large crowd gathered at
the Courthouse to witness the count.
Representatives of all the parties were
admitted by the commissioners and the
examination of the ballots proceeded in
an orderly manner. Judging from the.
progress already made the official returns
will show !)o great variation from the
unofficial figures*, which give Louisville
and Jefferson County to the Republicans
by a plurality of about 8000.
There was no change- to-day in the
claims of the party managers. The Dem
ocrats assert that Goebc-1 will have a
plurality of 5000, while the nominee him
self places it at 700' J. The Republicans
claim that Taylor is elected by a plurality
Of (000. The Times (Ooebel Democrat)
has the following special from London,
Ky.:
"State Chairman A. W. Young of the
Democratic campaign committee is at
JiarbourHvUle, seeking to have the entire
vote of Knux County thrown out. Num
bers of affidavits alleging fraud and ir
regularities are being nled with the coun
ty board. It is believed Taylor's majority
will bt. considerably reduced it" the county
is Dot thrown out entirely.
"Official returns from Clay reduce Tay
lor's majority to 907. No changes have
tx ■ :. made by the canvassing board uf
Laurel County so far. Taylors majority
will reinuin 931, though tin- Democrats
will iil<- atiidavits with the Stat.- Election
Board at Frankfort next Tuesday, asking
that three precincts be thrown out, which
will reduce It."
The Times has also the following from
Bardstown, Ky., concerning the count in
progress:
•A serious technical error In the vote
may increase Goebel's Nelson County ma
jority to LBB6. In the official count it was
discovered that in every precise! except
one \V. 1., instead of \V. s. Taylor, was
voted for, and the one precinct New
](. pe, giveß \v. _s. Taylor, the Republican
candidate, only 73, leaving the official vote
as certified to by the two Democratic
commissioners as follows: Goebel I9stf
iV. S. Taylor. 73; William I. Taylor, 1198!
The Republican commissioners refused to
certify to these figures."
Resorts received to-night by the
Courier-Journal from counties where the
official count was completed to-day show
in most cases Blighi changes from the
unofficial figures, in a few important In
stances, however, the changes favor the
Republicans Leslie County, in the
Eleventh District, Which was not in
cluded at all In the table las I night, which
gave Goebel a plurality of I»71 in the State
is reported to-night as having given Tay
lor a plurality of %'2 votes on the official
count. The Kenton County • liguiv-;
which in last night's table " gave 2493
plurality for Goebel, are reduced to about
2100. Oldham County gave Goebel a
plurality of M instead of 186, as reported
fast night. In a number of counties thera
were slight changes, each candidate
protiting.
Reports to the Commercial (R.) up t 0
midnight show gains of 561 for Qoebel and
86S for Taylor on changes from the tin
official returns. This leaves Taylors
plurality, according to the Commercial's
advices, /it 3641. Reports to this paper
from to-day's count cover sixty-eight of
the 119 counties in the State.
Feeling among the factions has bften ag
gravated rather than allayed by the de
velopments since Tuesday. Excited
meetings are being held in many parts of
the State to protest against frauds, which
H is alleged are contemplated, by the lead
ers. Nothing short of the official count
will determine the result, and it is a fore
gone conclusion that the result of that
count will simply change the scene of
conflict to the courts or the Legislature
where it will appear in the form of a
FRANKFORT, Ky., Nov. 10.— Tbe Dem
ocratic State Campaign Committee, with
a score of clerks, la busy to-night tabu
lattng returns as telegraphed from the
various county canvassing boards to-day
Several counties are still out, and of "a
number of those heard from to-day the
county boards will meet agaJn to-morrow
to pass on contested ballots, which may
materially affect the result. .The Demo
cratic committee clfilm that Goebel's vote
■wa-s slightly increased by the official
count in the counties to-day, and still
claim his election by at least 4000. Tin
committee decline* to give out the vote by
counties as received hy It, and on which
the claim of Goehel s election is .based, it
is conceded on all hand? here that the re
sult will not be definitely ascertained f nr
at least two days, and that no matter
which candidate may be elected, the Leg
islature will finally have to settle a con-.
test which is certain to be instituted for
possession of the office.
Buford Willitims, AY. Thompson and
Col^man Carr, prominent Democrats
have been arrested by Deputy United
States Marshal McCarthy, on warrants
charging intimidation of colored voters on
Tuesday. This makes a total of nine war
runts of this kind issued by the Federal
Court, and It is understood that probably
a hundred more will be issued.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 10.— The "Western
Union to-day issued its last bulletin on
the Kentucky election, saying that with
complete returns from ninety-four coun
ties and nearly complete returns from
twenty-three others, Taylor's plurality Is
1352. The two counties not reported. Les
lie and Martin, gave in 1^97 a Republican
plurality of 1135.
Republican Committee to Meet.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 10.— Senator Hanna
stated that a call would be issued within
a few days for the meeting of the Nation
al Republican Committee at Washington.
The meeting will probably be held on De
cember 13 or 14, although tho exact date
will not be decided upon until next week.
At this meeting the committee will select
tb< date and place for the next national
convention. There arc two vacancies on
the committee and these will be filled.
♦_ —
BAILEY'S SUCCESSOR.
Lively Skirmish for the House Mi-
nority Leadership.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— A lively skirmish
for the minority leadership In the House
of Representatives of the next Congress
ked for when the members of the
executive committee of the Democratic
nal Committee, together with lead-
I 'emocrate of the W. stern and Cen
-tntes, meet in Chicago on Novem
to discuss the leadership and pians
"; r " : ntlal campaign. Friends
of Congressman D. A. d'Armond of Mis
souri will be here in large numbers to
urpi? the selection of their favorite and
the claims of James D. Richardson of
Tennessee and Congressman Bankhead of
Alabama will be urged.
Much depends upon the action of Con
grreßsman Bailey of Texas, the pre<ent
minority leader. Doubt has been ex
pressed as to whether Congressman
Bailey, in view of his contest for tho Sen
atorship, will cart- to again assume 'he
leadership. Manager Sam B. Cook of the
Democratic Ways and Means Committee
has Invited Congressman Bailey to be
ni at the meeting on November 20
and the latter's position is expected to De
d< fined at thHt time. Thr- Chicago meet
ing will be followed by a caucus at Wash
ington, and should Congressman Ba-lev
decide to resign the leadership in the
House the Washington meeting will de
cide upon whose Bhoulders the Texan's
mantle shall fall. In the meantime friends
of the other candidates are preparing to
vigorously press their claims
Fusionists Celebrate.
LINCOLN, Neb., Nov. in.— The FusioniPts
of Lincoln, with a number from near-by
towns, celebrated their victory of last
Tuesday In :i ratification at 'the State
Capitol prounrls to-nipht. A parade
through the business streets preceded the
speech-making. Mr. Bryan's address was
brief ami of congratulation to the fusion
forces rather than a summary of election
results and their meaning, "as was ex-
I National issues were hardly re
ferred to. Governor Poynter. ex-Governor
Holcomb and other State officers spoke
each lauding Colonel Bryan and givim?
him credit for the victory.
Vote at McKinley's Home.
CANTOX. 0.. Nov. 10. -The official can
vass of the vote in Canton and Stark
Oounty, President McKinley's home city
am! county, was completed to T nighi The
return? for the city show an increase in
the Republican plurality of 317 compared
with Bushnell'a vote in IW, and a de
crease of 120 as compared with McKinley's
vote cor President in 1896. The county
shows an increased Republican nluralitv
of 982 oompHifd with ISO 7, and G7t> com
pared with 1596.
JAPANESE ACTIVITY
IN KOREA RESENTED
Increasing Friction Between Russia
and the Government of the
Mikado.
LONDON, Nov. 10— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Times says: There is
every indication of increasing friction be
tween Russia and Japan owing to the
tatter's activity in Korea and the north
eastern provinces of China.
BATE WAR GROWING.
Great Northern May Attack the
Northern Pacific.
SEATTLE, Nov. 10.— The transconti
! nental rate war is growing more serious.
! To-day it was extended to Northwestern
common points, which brings In the Ore
gon Railway and Navigation Company
i and the Burlington, and will probably
I affect Missouri River points.
General Passenger Agent Hurlburt of
the Oregon Line will arrive to-morrow.
General Passenger Agent Francis of the
■ Burlington is at Portland. Indications
are that the Great Northern will attack
i the Northern Pacific on locals, in which
■ case rates will come tumbling down.
Dr. Parker's Coug;h Cure. One dose will stop
a cough. Never failß. Try it, 25c. All druggists.*
'"Do It and
Stick to It"
If you are sick and discouraged <with im-
pure blood, catarrh or rheumatism, take
Hood's SarsaparUla faithfully and persis-
tently, and you 'will soon have a cure.
This medicine has cured thousands of ■
others and it tvill do the same for you.
Faithfully taken,
Death of a Pioneer. ~^k
AUBURN, Nov. 10.— J. M. Jacobs, a
pioneer resident of Placer County, died
B.t Forest Hill to-day. Deceased was a
Republican and held the office of Coun
ty Tn-M-^irt v l' t tln-t-.-' terms.
STARTLING FACTS
about
nerves.
r/l fe .
S t at i sties
prove that fully
three - fourths
of the ills to
which human
flesh is ' heir
are directly dua
to a lettlriK-
down of the
nervous sys-
tem.
The most fa-
tal of organic,
weaknesses are
due to nerve
letting-down.
" S trenszthen
your nerves It
you show evi-
dence of nerve-
w c a k n ess."
Don't court
danger when It
can he averted.
Study your
own being- Do
you present
any of these
siprns of nerve-
weakness: Ir-
ritable disposi-
tion, dry skin,
pimples, down-
cast look, ah-
sence of will-
power, feeble-
ness, trembling
limbs, weak
back, hag-parii
look, lack' of
c o n fi d ence,
want of ener-
Sty, desponden-
cy. Indigestion, hollow eyes (fig. 1). clammy
mouth (fig. 2). fluttering heart <fltr. 4), pain's
along pplne ffie. ?.). weak muscular power (figs.
5-6), cold extremities (fig. 7)
You need Hudya . xperlpnce any of,
t)if-se symptoms. Hudyan will cure you, will
make a new l»-lne of you. Hudyan will plve
you vim and vigor.
Hudyan— all druggist? — "><V: a package— six
packages $2 50. If your druKgist does not keep
it. send direct to the Hurlyan Remedy Com-
pany, corner Stockton, Ellis and Market Eta.,
San Francisco, Cal.
CONST7I.T HTTDYAN DOCTORS A
YOUR CAPE— FREE OF CHARGE. CALL.
OR "WRITE.
I Will Give $1000
-aB gatt£g£**- ( ->. If I fail to cure any
/MriiV''" '"«. CANCERor tumorl
ff/&&r ygP&Ztf^ ''■''iiS&s*. treat :«foreitscat-
fiar ttrrs or affects the
T^^ bones.
I 4&Q* l|f| No Knife
[£*&%} *PJ^ No Pain I
*^* No Pay,
A » &)) Until Cured.
o&v3k*%l\ t-^ 1 2^> years' experi-
*^ &■ i "^ijjl! 1 1l / ence. 1000 cancers
V ~-kH?O A now in ray offices in
\ J r \ alcohol. I.adyattend-
\^ •ztff'r it. ant. Any hard
*4&ss? S!i i£Z!i:''''''"'\*'jhb*. lump anywhere
wsßs^\'W>Z*^'^^~/F9ii£&<i*. ls cancer.
P^&^^^B^iAny lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
when cure is almost impossible.
BOOK SENT FREE ■ ■-: .
With symptoms addresses and testimonials ox
thousands cured in California. Write tlum.
S.H. CHAMLEY, M.D., 25 Third St., S. F.
SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
*^ £O*Y»tQ»«Tis»OA
. *»^ *s«
FIT FOR A KING
when we have put the finishing touch
on your shirt, collar and cuff. Just
like new, without any variation in
color or finish, and no "saw edge" on
your collars and cuffs. Our new "saw-
edge" machine was the one thing we
needed to make our work perfect.
United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514 Eleventh St.
ALL AILMENTS OF MEN CURED,
DR. MEYERS ft CO. have tne larire»t prac- ;
tice and best equipped medical Institution
en the Pacific Coast. Established 1? yean. i
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at o{flc« !
or by mall. Ail letter* confidential. >
731 Market St., San Francisco. I
— iii i iLi'itr 1 rlrr' rff*
RURAifftl Healing) m )* ss
TOR tmf P'mples and all Skin
tor tme Eruptions and • pro-
COMPLEXION % c Zn. natural com '
TWO TINTS Phroso takes the
FLESHY WHITE Pa c e of powder and
PHROSO MFC CO lea c e , s no oily effects.
BINICIA CAL , Sold b Y all dru §*
L — - I gists.
tiJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CUR&
A LI, Xarpoua IHteases— Failing Mem-
ory, gleeplessneiw, etc., caused by over-
work and Indiscretions. They quickly
and surely restore Lost Vitality in old
or young, and fit a man for study, busi-
ness or pleasure. Prevent Insanity and
Consumption if taken in time. Their
oee snows immediate improvement and eHecta CURS
AiS?'rlwi* erB Jri l * J 1 ""* npon having the genuine
AJax Tablet*. They have cured thousands and will
cure you. We give a positive written guarantee to ef -
feet a cure in each case or refund the money. Price
50 pf e per Package, or six packages (full treat-
bldi ment] for $2.60 by mail.inplala wrapper
upon receipt of price. Circulars free. wrapper.
AJAX REMEDY CO., ™£ earboi 3, st -
For sale In S. F. by Leipnltz & Wo Per-
centage Drug Co.. Owl Drug Co., S. F., Oakld.
V* "PATENTS In
_Vai^3^M^RKET"bT.'s.F l^S«S^
Weak Men and Womei
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THt
Kreat Mexican remedy; gives health aim
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 MarketWHEATON'S LANDING
WAS MOST SPECTACULAR
American Forces Appear to Be Closing
in on Aguinaldo, Who Prepares
to Flee in # Yacht.
MANILA. Nov. 10, '"!:<• landing of the]
Amer ■ . on Tues
day Wi r affair of its j
kind - ■ r's disembarka
lon ol the
w;;s complete. The
: .-i terrific bombi
hour, while the troops
Burf under a heavy
from the Insur
■-•.:: left,
: • •.,■•.;■■„
.
■
I and five woui
■ in a building which had suf- i
axdment. The town j
■u as wi ■ .-.:. ii dunea were
:iiick,
■ l fine cover.
i■ a arrived in the gulf
gunboats Princ<
waiting, a
■ ral «\\ hi ai
niander X ■ | and ( !< m
: ington an
shore. Ti
formed a. I . the Hi 1<
Manila close Inshore. Wil
ibardment the si
.
( list Tliii
fan try.
While the boats moved shoreward the
gunboats jioured the full force of thoir
batteries into the trenches;'; soon forcing
the insurgents to llee through the bur
rows dug oack of the trenches. About 200
men held, thoir places until the keels of
the boats grated on the shore; when the
Mauser bullets commenced to slfrg over
their heads.
The battalions formed In good order.
Captain Buck, with Pierces and ton's
company; pursued the Insurgents on the
left into the bamboo thickets. On the
right was a frail footbridge across the
river, lc-adinj,' to the town. General
"YVheaton; p^sonally commanding, or
dered a charge across ihe bridge, a.nd
Captain Howiand of his staff led Cole
nian'a and Elliott's companies of the
Thirteenth and Shields' eonyjany of the
Twenty-third, who behaved splendidly
under their lirst lire, into the town, which
was found to be nearly deserted exempt by
the aged and some Spaniards who had
hidden in the buffalo wallows and came
shouting delightedly toward the Ameri
ca sis.
Two companies of the Thirty-third had
a skirmish along the Dagupaai road with
the retreating Filipinos.
Major Shields of the staff, with his com
mand, captured several insurants.
The troops camped in the rain during
the night; and in the morni General
Wheaton established his . [quarters In
a church, quartered his men in the houses
and sent the captured* Filipinos beyond
the outposts, with orders not to return.
3crlbe all the roads
■
:<ture is :n-
Wednesday was devoted to reconnois
eaneed. Major Logan went north to San
Tomas and burned the Filipinos' bar
racks. Captain Buck's Thirteenth went
to San Jacinto and disposed of small
Lands. Marsh's Twenty-third went to
ward Magdalen; on the Dagupan road,
and had several sharp fights with small
parties. They killed eight men, brought
In twenty prisoners and had live men
"wounded.
a to be the
cm:\ ;
: from 1
■
Tar-
ls arrived here
-
■ n.ints Da
■
■
n of insnr
-01 them. Three
■
rts by the Ben
. ■■
at S ■ ■ tered
I ■ were on thf-ir way
I
ADVERTISEMENTS.
one neon saved
From a -wreck will attract the -world's
attention to the life-saver. Yet let the
life-saving be continued every day, and
. rery soon it attracts no public attention.
If the scene of the saving of one life
fey that life-saving remedy, Dr. Pierces
DiscpvSy; e cmtld W^^^^M
De made to stand s^^?* 4 *^^
sut aloue, like a W^^g
screen, it would tj^ro^i
lttract the notice 7*^
5f the whole na- &m Ujspvn lAJ 1 J
hon. By a curi- A \f S%
&us contradiction Wf»if'J\ j X
the very frequen- \>*^ m
. cy with which the Jr
"Discovery" saves pr
life, robs the fact w^
est. For obstinate jgpg \ 1 g
coughs, bronchitis, |q|! I . \, W^
other diseases of |M^£|f k^?)t@
the respiratory or- ix£%?~ 1 r*^*^>^fj
and almost certain «s|? , i^^ "^
cur--'. It contains jj&|s ,^-'^m T3fi^
.neither aico li o 1 -■*!£§
nor narcotics. fe ; p i^ "^^^T^
Pierces Golden Me.l- %^ l^ jn^jft<>r T TT^'^*^
ical Discovery I think *
I would be in my grave to-day," writes Mr.
Moses Miles of HUliard, Uinta Co., Wyoming.
"I had asthma so bad 1 could not sleep and was
•compiled to pive op work. It affected my
luiik- so that 1 coughed all the time, both day
:an<! ni^ht. My friends all thought I had con-
■ sumption. My wife insisted on my trying
■ 'GoMcu Medical Discovery-' I have taken four
bottles and am now a well man, weighing 185
pounds— thanks to Dr. Pierce."
The People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay the
cost cif mailing only. Address Dr. R. V.
Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. WsT\
4vis;* OR- JORDAN'S great^
'f BUSES! OF ANATOMY*
A £j ICSI fcUSKK St. M. 6i*7ta. BJJU. i
"\ it The Lar^^t Anatomical Museum in the \
» ]^Sx3^ <is;.i>.c tK-»l«i*«-lycurr.dr)yther,lcic»t '
© jjE^-dl b|>:uiliMruihcCoa4t. hit. 3C yeait- V
■ A pjg&l OS. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
A v^Wft ' r;l ' ulta »°n free and stri'-tly private. \
VS If w P&'ttt* Curetti ocry case undertaken. T
Am I liml IVt.iefor Book PMILOfiOI'OTir^
▼ " {). P ■*HBIA«K, MAILHO PREE. (.if
i <3 (J valuable book for mm) ji
. f O« JORPABt «*<•«.. 1061 Markf tHt.,S. F. V
fiS^ RUPTURE.
l;sK NO MORE IRON
AkjCsJ^ H...>p<( or Steel Sprln K a.
g«s^i_. ' Kupturp retained with MM
W*^*jjto>>^'-- comfort and thousands rudi-
' <a!ly CIHKD by UK. PIERCKS
/M^ Magnetic JClustlc Truss. CT-Call at
7 office or write for New Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAa.NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
(20 Marlwt tt.,cpp. I'aUcu Hotel, bun Francisco. ,
mountains. Twenty-eight Spanish pris
: . r- ted.
The repon of the landing at Lingayen
was brought by the commander of the
Manila, who saw the fight. He got the
geography mixed.
It has been raining hard throughout the
week, handicapping Generals Lawton and
Arthur. The transportation is the
difficulty. In the advance General
ed on the river to get his
supplies. Th<* San Isidro River is fed by
•• tns and is alternately too
. Igation or too swift. Two
, ; - thre< re needed to pull the
moving the supplies from San Isidro
over the muddy roads the transporta
:r:iins made vu 1 1 1 y two or three miles
a day. The troops were on short rations
much of the time.
only provisions the country yields
are a few chickens and buffalo. The oftt
in a supply of cash to pay the na
tives liberally for all they take. The high
>ol and the health of the troops
Is good.
•ral Young has captured another
large share of insurgent ammunition and
munitions of war, which they were
obliged to leave In their hurried retreat.
General Wheaton it? bringing supplies
A.ngeles by the use of mule and oar
abao teams.
mnolssances along the front have
vered the insurgents strongly ln
■ re Baxnban, with several
us and a rapid-tire pun, but they are
of ammunition.
Major Bell has been engaged In another
.: exploit. While scouting with five
rs and two men of the Thirty-sixth
ntry and Lieuti-nant Hawkins and ten
: the Fourtn Cavalry he crept be
hind a trench containing a hundred Fili
pinos, rode them down and killed and
wounded twenty men and captured six.
0 brought back thirty Mausers.
WARSHIPS TO PREVENT
ESCAPE BY SEA
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10. -Great Interest
is felt at the War Department over
Agulnaldo's sudden change of base north
i.tstward from Tarlac to Bayombon,
about sixteen miles distant. There are
numerous spellings of the latter place, but
: regoing one is the one generally ad
hered to on the maps in the possession
of the War Department. The most inter
• feature of the new situation is that
Aguinaldo has been forced out of the
Tarlac country into a region to the north
where the Tag.Uo is not spoken, and
where the mountains are tilled with Ne
gritas and other savage tribes, who are
:'.ii!;il.is. Thia is about the
most mountainous and inaccessible pu.rt
of the Island.
To the south base of Carabello Moun
tain there is a narrow break in the moun
tain range, and within a few miles around
the base of Carabello Mountain, on its
northern Blope, one strikes the bead
quarters of the MoffOl. which is t>
ginning of the great river Cayugan that
- northward 250 mfli s into the China
It is on the headwaters of the Mbgol
that Aguinaldo is now located. The way
;= open for him down the long stretch of
the river to Aparri at the mouth of the
Cayugan, where it flows into the sea. This
is one of the wildest but richest valleys
in the island. It is believed that the rivi-r
can is navigable for our tlnclad
l.oats ISO miles from its mouth, ajid for
much farther.
expected as soon as Apulnaldo
■shows any disposition to move down the
I valley toward the. China Sea, that war-
p ships and punboats will he sent round the
I northern end of the island to meet him
and cut off his escape.
If it is his intention to escape from
lAizon, he would naturally seek Aparri or
some northern port, but the country
around Carabello Mountain is such that
he could probably stand off the whole
American force In a game of hide and
seek in the hills for the greater part of
the romlncr season.
Secretary Root feels no concern over the
transfer of Aerulnaldo's base of operations
to Bayomhansr. The Secretaary said to
day the movement was distinctly retro
grade and In the nature of a retreat on
finding that his former base was unten
able. Throughout the War Department
the view prevails that Agulnaldo's move
does not materially chance the campaign
plans?, and that these will be pushed with
unabated vigor.
NEGLIGENT OFFICERS
WILL BE PUNISHED
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 10.— A Star special
from Washington, says: The rrport of the
!' ird of Survey that investigated com
plaints of overcrowding on the transport
Tartar, which brought the Twentieth
Kansas Regiment, Genera] Funston and
many sick soldiers home from Manila,
has been received at the War Department
from General Shaffer at San Francisco.
The Secretary of War has issued an nrler
against the report being made public and
has announced a positive policy against
the publication of confidential r- 1
conducted by officers of the army. From
a high War Department official it was
learned to-day that the Secretary of War
will be very prompt to punish atiy officer
of the army who. through neglect or in
efficiency, fails to properly provide for the
troops under his command. It is learned
that th<- report on the Tartar case criti
cizes the transporting of so many siok
era on a transport which had accom
modations for only twenty-six emergency
sick. It is said at the War Department
that it was the duty of the regiment sur
geon to leave in the Manila hospitals
those men of the Twentieth Kansas who
were 111 and not to have placed therrT on
the Tartar, as was done, but it is added
it is not likely that any action will be
taken, as the surgeon of the Twentieth
Kansas and all of its officers have been
mustered out of Fervice.
PHILIPPINES ARE NOT
RICH IN MINERALS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— In a report to
the Interior Department on the geology of
the Philippine [slands Mr. Becker of'the
Geological Survey gives some interesting
Inl rmation regarding the mineral re-
Bources of the group. Mr. Recker says
that while gold exists in both Luzon and
Mindanao it is comparable rather to that
•■f the <~'arolinas and Virginia thah to the
Western gold fields of the United States,
and a rush to the Philippine fields he
predicts, would result in disappointment.
The r. port s;iys:
The copper deposit* of pa nto seem rich
and extensive, but very expensive roads will
be needed to render them available. The high
quality of some of the Iron ores of Luzon is
beyond question, but the lignite of the islands
is not adapted to iron smelting. The so-called
coal is a Rood lignite, its heating effect is
from two-thirds to three-quarters of that of th*
best Pteamine coal. There are great quanti
ties of this fuel, and much of It could be de
livered at a profit on vessels at $2 50 Mexi
can per ton.
Much Mail Undelivered.
WASHINGTON, .Nov. 10.— Postmaster
General Smith has been notified by Di
rector of Posts Valle. at Manila, that
large numbers of circular letters from
businoss companies in the States .'ire be
inK addressed to thr- Philippine Provinces,
and that under present conditions it is .1
waste of time and money to .send mail for
points outside nf Manila, Cavite, Hollo,
Cebu, Jolo and Negxos Islands.
Condemned Men May Be Spared.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The four sol
diers who were sentenced to death at Ma
nila now stand an excellent chance to
save their lives. Circumstances have
been discovered in the proceedings of the
court-martial which will require correc
tion in the. first Instance at Manila, if.
iiuli'Cd, they do not bar the death sen
tence entailed.
Transport Hooker Doomed
WAPHIXGTON, Nov. 10.— The War
Department received a dispatch from
Qeneral Otia stating that hopes of saving
the transport Hooker have heen aban
doned Her supplies will be taken off
and the hulk will be sold at auction In
Manila The vessel was worth about
$150.01)0.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
RUSSIA AND GERMANY
FAVOR THE OPEN DOOR
Washington Officials Confident That the Reply
of These Governments to the American
Note Will Be Favorable.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, WELLING
TON HOTEL. WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.-
Secretary Hay is determined to obtain
written assurance from the powers pos-
B -.-sing spheres of influence in <.'hina
for the preservation of American rights
without assistance from other Govern
ments. The move he has made is distinct
ively American and it was to make this
plain to the world as well as to receive
a promise In black and white from Great
Britain that that Government, as well
as those of Europe, was Included in the
identical note in relation to China.
Though Japan is expected to follow the
American lead and to this extent her ac
tion will be acceptable to the United
States, the authorities are satisfied that
the powers possessing certain zones in
the Celestial empire will ultimately com
ply with the Secretary's request.
The Secretary does not believe that he
will receive the answers under two
weeks, but this will be in ample time
for the President to Incorporate the re
sult sf the American representations in
his message to Congress. The belief of
the administration that the Governments
approached will give the written assur
ances, however much they may hesitate,
is based upon the understanding that
such Governments do not care to have
the United States make any further an
nouncement which may be more advanced
in character of its intentions in China.
It was jointed out to me to-day that
such assurances will be of little future
injury to the powers making them, as in
CITIZENS CALLED
TO TAKE ARMS
Colombian Government
in Dire Straits.
Speclal Cable to The Call and th« N«w York
HeraM. Copyrighted, 189S, by James Gor
don Uennett.
PANAMA, Colombia (via Galveston,
Texas), Nov. 10. — The civil and mili
tary chief of this department h;us issued
a decree declaring that, as the recent re
belllon is UMng supported by foreign In
vasion through the Department of < 'auca.
all employes of the Government and all
Colombian citizens between the ages of L 8
and tX) are called to arms to defend the
Ic's existing institutions.
In another decree a. call is made for a
rnxnent loan of (100,000 to defray ex
traordinary expenses caused by th«< revo
lution. This loan is to bear 12 per cent
annual interest guaranteed by the
Panama Railroad subvention, due in Feb
ruary of next year, amounting to $25,000.
The loan is to be payable in two Install
ments, one at l&e time of subscription
and the other on November 30.
In case the loan Is not voluntarily sub-
Bcribed within three days the local Gov
ernment will enforce a loan for the whole
or a part of the amount, without interest
or guarantee.
All laborers employed on the Panama
Railroad and Panama Canal companies
are exempt from military duty under trie
terms of the existing treaties, and are
therefor.- not affected by the decree call-
Ing the citizens to arms.
Late mail advices from Rarranquilla,
via Kingston, Jamaica, confirm the pre
vious reports of an Important battle be
tween the Government troops and rebels
about ten mile? from Barranqullla. It Is
i that during the hard fighting 300
of the Government forces were killed or
wounded. The battle took place at Sa
vana Larga. General Gaitan commanded
the battalion Junin of the Government
forces and the enemy was in commanu
of Colonel Urueta.
It is reported here to-day that Port
Tumaeo is in possession of the revolu
tionlsts. Port Tumaeo is only about six
hours' journey from Ksmeralda, an Ecu
adoran port, and is very important, as
it controls the southern part of the De
partment of Caucu.
The steamer Chiligy, belonging to the
Pacific Steam Navigation Company, is ex
pected to leave to-night, under charter by
the local Government, to carry south 150
men from the Panama garrison. Their
destination Is Buena Ventura. The <\,
lombian gunboat Bayaca, under command
of General Sarria, will leave to-night to
carry troops to Buena Ventura.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Orders Issued and List of Pen-
sions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.—Ex-Congress
man Lewis made his report to the State
Department to-day upon Atlin miners'
claims. The result of a conference with
Embassador Choate and Sir Louis Davles,
Minister of Marine and Fisheries for Can
ada, has been received. The solicitor of
the State Department announced that as
soon as all proofs are in the cases will
be sent to the joint high commission for
decision; at the first .sitting all claims of
the United States against <"anada and
Canadians' claims against Americans will
be adjusted. The Alaska boundary mat
ter will be sent to a separate tribunal
composed of new commissioners to be
named for that purpose. Colonel Lewis'
success in his trip to London has been
most gratifying; to miners as shown by
many telegrams sent to the State De
partment.
Army orders— First Lieutenant Howard
K. Bane. Thirty-ninth Infantry, will re
port in person to the commanding general
of the. department of California for as
signment to duty.
Hy direction or tho Assistant Secretary
of war Second Class Private John Allani,
ordnance detachment, Benicia Arsenal.
will be discharged the service of the
United States.
The AVar Department will furnish trans
portation for J. Harry Chambers, late
private Battery G. Sixth Artillery, from
San Francisco to Fort Bayard, New Mex
ico, to enable him to enter the general
hospital.
Pensions: California— Original— Aaron
Stiffler. Highland. JS: Calvin E. Bristol.
San Francisco, $6. Increase— William Hi«:
gins. Coronado. $X to $10. Original widows
etc.— Special accrued, October 31, Nellie J
StUlßon. Oak Park, $8; Mary A. Rea.
Napa, $8.
Ordered to the Philippines.
ST. PAUL, Nov. 10.— Colonel Arthur L.
Wagner, adjutant general of the Depart
ment of Dakota, will leave to-morrow for
I the Philippines, where he has been de
' tailed for active service. Colonel Wnjrncr
i will go via San Francisco and Honolulu,
. and expects to sail on the first transport
' out of the Golden Gate. Colonel Barber,
assistant adjutant general of the Depart
! ment of the East, will leave at the same
time for Manila, but ho will go from New
York by way of the Supz canal. Colonol
Wagner will be aligned to an adjutant
general's duties in the Philippines and he
will be on the staff of one of the generals
in command of the Philippine campaign.
Variety Show Burned Out.
BAKERSFIELD, Nov. 10.— There .is
desolation in the heart of the tenderloin.
Frank Carrillo's variety show is in ashes.
It was burned at 7 o'clock this morning
and nothing was saved but a nickel-in
tht-slot machine. The song and dance
artists lost all their finery. The total
loss of the contents of the show is es
timated at $2500; insurance, $1125. The
house was owned by Mrs. Barragan and
was partially insured. The cause of the
fin- is unknown. But for the rain the
day before and the absence of wind all
that part ci the town would have gone up
In flames.
case they propose to formally annex the
territory comprised In the spheres of in
fluence they hold this Government could
make no objections unless Its rights
should be involved.
As an illustration, the official with
whom I lalked pointed to the action of
France with respect to Madagascar.
France claimed a protectorate over the
Island and the United States insisted that
its commerce should be respected, not un
der the terms of French treaties, but
under the American convention with the
Madagascar Government. The Frer.ch
Government finally declared the island a
French colony and American commerce
then had to undergo French exactions.
So with China. While the powers hav
ing spheres of influence in China do not
enjoy protectorates over them, it Is said
that the Madagascar precedent will
doubtless apply to them in case of an
nexation.
The authorities understand that the
Russian, as well as the German Govern
ment, has received the American repre
sentation in a kindly spirit and that its
answer will be favorable, but Great Rrit
ain and France remain to be heard from.
lyird Pauncefote, the Rrltish Emhas
sador. accompanied by Gerald Lowther,
the new first secretary of the British Em
bassy, called at the State Department to
day. This was Lord Pauncefote's first
call upon Secretary Hay since his return,
and the Secretary took occasion to con
pratulate him upon his elevation to the
peerage.
INVENTION OF
CONVICT BOSS
Saves the State Thou
sands Annually.
Special rMspatch to The Call.
SAN QT'ENTTN PRISON. Nov. in.—
Convict Joseph F. Ross, doing nine years'
time, from Merced County, for murder,
would not under ordinary circumstances
be given his freedom until January 1. 1901,
but it Is highly probable that as a reward
for his ingenuity as an inventor he will
be paroled at to-morrow's session of the
Board of State Prison Directors. The in
vention of the convict-mechanic was test
ed to-day by Warden Aguirre, when the
machinery of the jute mill was set in ope-
©«♦—s>-♦-•s>-♦- <$•—♦— --•—<*' —♦—<£■—♦--
Joseph F. Ross, the Convict
Inventor.
ration for the first time In three weeks,
owing to the breaking of the main shaft.
It was found to work perfectly, thereby
insuring a decrease of $.Wi a year in the
expense of running the mill and the sav
ing of $SOOO In a lump sum by the repaJr of
20,000 flyers cast aside as useless in the
last ten years.
Th r :re afo twenty-six spinning frames in
use in the jute mill, on each of which are
used 12S cast steel flyers. Each year the
tips of 2000 of these flyers are worn so
badly by the friction of twine, that they
are thrown aside; 20,000 of them are now
ornamenting a corner of the big building.
EA'ery flyer costs 3S cents.
Ross has been at work trying to dis
cover a proces? for repairing the flyers for
months, and his labor was rewarded a
few days ago by finding a process by
which the flyers can be retipped and made
as good as new.
A convict named Arthur, whose voca
tion was that of a blacksmith, was ac
quainted with the process, and has grown
so expert in welding on new tips that a
whole frame of tue repaired flyers was
tested to-day and found to work to per
fection. When the 20,000 flyers are all re
tipped, counting their cost at 38 cents
apiece, $7t>oo will have been saved. In ad
dition to the repairing process. Ross has
Invented a new flyer considerably lighter
than the old one, which requires 2b per
cent less power to operate, and by tnis
invention the prison will be saved an an
nual expense of $5000. "Ross has always
been an exemplary prisoner," said War
den Aguirre to-day, and the story lately
printed that he tried to burn down the
prison was a raw fake. The man has well
earned a pardon."
MURDERS HIS WIFE
IN VIEW OF A CROWD
Proprietor of an Allentown (Pa.)
Hotel Then Ends His Own
Life.
ALLENTOWN, Pa.. Nov. 10.— George
W. Kern, proprietor of a hotel, shot him
self and wife to-day. The couple had not
been living together. To-day Mrs. Kern
had boarded a street car, and her husband
followed and stood on the rear platform,
displaying a revolver. She ran from the
car pcrouming and sought the protection
of about 200 wire mill employes, who had
just finished work on the night shift.
Kern hastened after lir-r and dragged her
into his hotel, barricaded the door with a
chair, and in full view of the crowd shot
her dead. He ran into another room and
there killed himself.
Kern was 3S yean old and his wife 29.
GUNNER ARRESTED.
Charged With Having Stolen Plans
of a New Prussian Gun.
BPANDAU, Prussia, Nov. 10 —A gun
nery instructor named Eckman was ar
rested here to-day on a charge of having
abstracted the plans of a gun under con
struction.
Will Test the Law.
MADKRA, Nov. 10.— A suit has been
filed In the Superior Court here by James
E. Nugent, editor and proprietor of the
Times, to test the validity of the section
of the county government act forbidding
newspapers established less than a year
from doing county work. The Supervis
ors passed all the claims of the Times,
but the auditor refuses to draw a war
rant for the amount. Plaintiff asks for
a writ of mandamus compelling the Audi
tor to issue the warrant and the writ is
made returnable November 14.
It is understood here that Lord Paunce
fote's chief mission. In pursuance of the
desire of his Government to cultivate
friendlier relations with the United
States, will be to enter upon negotiations
with Secretary Ha.y for the permanent
settlement of the Alaskan boundary ques
tion. Of course, his duty will also re
quire him to discuss China, an it will
other pending questions, but Embassador
Choate has made the representations in
regard to the wishes of Secretary Hay
with respect to trade In China, and the
reply is expected to be handed to him.
When the Alaskan boundary question Is
disposed of Lord Pauncefote will also take
up the question of abrogation of the Clay
ton-Bulwer treaty and the reassembling
of the high joint commission, which will
settle all pending questions with Canada.
Lord Pauncefote is very much gratified
at the settlement of the Samoan question,
and he feels that all the three Govern
ments have reason to be satisfied with
the arrangements. In the first place, the
T'nited States has acquired what is con
sidered the best harbor in the South Seas,
Germany has satisfied popular sentiment
at home and furthered the ambition of
the Emperor in the matter of securing
outlying territory so as to bring about the
authorization of a large navy by remain
ing in Upolu and Savaii. and, finally,
Great Britain has scoured adequate com
pensation, besides reached an agreement
with respect to African questions which
makes certain an attitude of strict neu
trality nn the part of Germany in the
Transvaal.
UPROAR IN THE
FRENCH SENATE
Hearingr of Conspiracy
Cases Interrupted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 10.— The Senate, sitting as
a high court, resumed to-day, calling the
games of witnesses in the conspiracy
cases, which led to violent scenes. Presi
dent Fallieries vainly tried to preserve
silence, and some "t' the witnesses had
to I" 1 removed by the ushers. When M.
Monteil's name was called the tumult tn
creased. Thi re were loud cries of "Vive
Guerin," "Vive Deroulede," "Alias los
Juifes, while from outside the Senate
could be heard the strains of the "Mar
seillaise."
A witness who thundered "Vive Derou
lede," "Vive l'armee," was arrested amid
the protests of the other witnesses. Final
ly partial order was restored and. the per
sons arrested were released.
M. Fallieries then read the conclusions
of counsel, who held that the Senate was
incompetent t" hear the case.
The session was afterward .suspended.
During the suspension of the sitting a
newspaper vender named Rimbart. one of
M. (Juerin's adherents, violently assaulted
another witness, whom he accused of be-
In*; a police agent.
The Municipal Guards seized Rimbart,
who drew a revolver. He was incar
cerated.
The Senate resumed the session during
the evening and heard further the argu
ments of defending counsel, who submit
ted that the Senate is incompetent to try
the conspiracy case. The Senate ..hen
adjourned.
PARKER WILL CASE
IS FINALLY SETTLED
Emma L. Parker, the Contestant,
Gets a Fair Share of the Eccen
tric Capitalist's Estate.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 10.— The famous Par
ker will contest has been settled out of
| court, and to-day orders were made in
accordance with stipulations filed which
places the case where it was before the
contest began.
According to the agreement entered into
between Emma L. Parker, the con
testant, and the principal respondent, she
will receive Sl'o.OOO in money and about
$30,000 in notes and mortgages; her at
i torneys and backers will get their ex
penses, $15,000 «in money and all the real
estate in Santa Clara and San Francisco
counties, except the Parker House in San
Francisco, valued at $100,000, which goes
to Jane and Marshall Poraeroy. The
other legatees under the will are settled
with on the same basis, the Sheltering
Arms and Indies' Benevolent Society of
San Jose getting about $1250 each.
The estate was originally appraised at
$244,000. Emma L. Parker contested the
will of George H. Parker as the widow
of deceased's son Eward. who had been
| left a life estate only. She alleges un
' soundness of mind and undue influence.
i Two or three trials, resulted In her favor.
HURRICANE'S EXTENSIVE
DAMAGE IN JAMAICA
Heavy Weather Culminates in a Gale
That Levels the Fruit
Orchards.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, Nov. 10.—Commu
nication with the eastern parts of the
island, particularly the section beyond the
line from Morant Bay to Port Antonio,
inclusive, has been interrupted since yes
terday. This evening, however, it is be
ing partially re-established, and advices
from various points state that the heavy
weather culminated in a tremendous hur
ricane, which during the night complete
ly razed the banana and other cultivated
parishes. Portland, St. Thomas and Mo
rant Hay are reported severely damaged.
Details are anxiously awaited.
KILLED BY A FALL.
Charles Cockrell, a Pioneer Farmer,
Meets a Violent Death.
SAUNAS. Nov. 10.— Charles Cockrell,
a wealthy rancher of Southern Monterey
County, was killed lost night in the Ar
royo Seco. He was driving from Soledad
to his home and it is presumed the horses
became frightened at something wh.ie
going flown the steep grade and fell over
a precipice, carrying the wagon and the
unfortunate rancher with them. The
body was discovered this morning.
Cockrell was born in Missouri and came
to California in 1848, settling in Sonoma
County. He moved to Salinas a few years
later and has since resided in this coun
ty. He 'vas married and leaves a valu
able estate.
British Steamer in Distress.
LONDON. Nov. 10.— The British steamer
Benwick. Captain Warsdale, from Karal,
October 17, for Sharpness, has arrived at
Long Hope. Orkney Islands, and reported
that she had left the British steamer Co
quet. Captain Garrard. from Quebec, Oc
tober 3, for Sunderland, in distress. 100
miles north of Unst Island, in the Shet
lands, on November 7. with propeller gone
and out of provisions. The Benwick had
towed the Coquet until her coal had be
come exhausted and the warps gave out.
Guilty of Assault.
TUBA CITY, Nov. 10.— In the Superior
Court yesterday a -jury found Joseph
Fuller guilty of an assault with a deadly
weapon committed on William Ellington,
and to-day another jury found Herman
Galagher guilty of assault with a deadly
weapon with intent to murder committed
upon George Wallace. Fuller and Gal
agher will be sentenced to-morrow.
SCORES OF BALLOTS
CAST BY "REPEATERS"
Five Residents of Washington Accused
of Gross Election Frauds in
Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 10.— As the re
sult of the investigation conducted by an
anti-Quay newspaper, five men. all resi
dents of Washington, were to-day held in
bail for court on charges of repeating,
impersonating election officers and mak
ing fraudulent returns. The defendants
are John F. Sheehan, R. M. Drinkert.
William Cook. Harr McCabe and George
Kirkland. All but one are said to be in
the Government's employ.
It developed that Kirkland had been em
ployed by the newspaper mentioned to en
ter the conspiracy. Ho was the personal
witness to-day. The testimony involved
several prominent Republican politicians
in this city and a lieutenant from the
Capitol police at Washington.
The fraud is alleged to have b^en ac
complished in the Thirteenth Division of
the Seventh Ward, and the election pa
pers of this division were produced as ev
idence. The returns showed a vote of 337
for James K. Barnett, the Republican
candidate for State Treasurer, and five
for William T. Creasy, the Democratic
candidate.
Kirkland, who at the time of his arrest
said his name was George Wright, de
scribed the trip from Washington to this
city of the alleged repeaters on Monday
night. On Tuesday morning, he said, he
and William H. Cook went to the house
of Deputy Coroner Samuel Salter, accom
panied by Lieutenant Joseph G. Rmlgors
of the Capitol police. Lieutenant Rodgers,
Kirkland declared, was in charge of the
FUNSTON AND METCALF
THE GUESTS OF HONOR
Brilliantly Entertained by the Knife
and Fork Club at Kansas
City.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 10.— Generals
Frederick Funston and Wilder Metcalf,
Colonel E. C. Little and the staff officers
of the Twentieth Kansas Regiment wore
brought into Kansas City to-day on a
special train and are the guests of the
Knife and Fork Club. One thousand per
sons met the officers at the depot. They
were escorted up town by their old band
to < ''invention Hall, where a public recep
tion was held, several thousand persons
passing before the officers.
To-night the officers were the guests of
the Knife and Fork Club at an elaborate
banquet at the Midland Hotel. Four hun
dred plates were laid. Much enthusiasm
prevailed and the gathering proved one
of the most brilliant ever held here. Gen
eral Funston spoke to the toast "The
Twentieth Kansas,' General Metcalf to
"On the Firing Line" and Colonel Li me
to "Our Flag." Other toasts were re
sponded to by U. S. Epperson, president
of the Commercial Club, and Congress
man Dolliver of lowa. President Epper
son's theme was "Make the Philippines
a Good Place to Live In."
KAISER THANKS THE
BOARD OF TRADE
Glad That His Policy Regarding Co-
lonial Possessions Was Looked
Upon Favorably.
BERLIN, Nov. 10.— The Tageblatt is in
formed by its Hamburg correspondent
that the Kaiser in replying to congratu
latory telegrams from the Hamburg
Board of Trade, sent the following dis
patch from Letzlinger Castle:
"I am delighted at your appreciation of
my labors in furtherance of our colonial
possessions, and feel confident that the
entire nation will adequately estimate the
importance of this requisition as regards
the prosperity of the empire."
KILLED A BLACK BEAR.
Exciting- Experience of Two San Fran
cisco Men in Monterey County.
MONTEREY, Nov. 10.— T. Green and
' Maxwell yon Tauffkirchen of San Fran
; Cisco, who were bunting with a party of
i friends in the Cachagua, about thirty
j miles south of this place, the early part
j of this week, met with a peculiar acci
! dent. While hunting for duck they came
suddenly upon a small black bear ihe
; bear apparently making straight for the
i men.
; They both fired their shotguns at h'm
; but failed to stop his attack, and finally
! had to close with him at close quarters
After quite a fight the hunters succeeded
in killing the bear with a revolver The
bear measured four feet nine inches from
tip to tail and had a very handsome pelt
It was the first hear seen in this region
for a number of years and the hunters
are very proud of their prize.
Award of Medals.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 10. -The time for i
the awarding of the Native Sons' medals
to California Volunteers of Southern
c , ali i? rnla nas heen set f °r the afternoon
of Thanksgiving day. All of the com
panfes of the Seventh Regiment will be
gathered in this oity at that time. Mayor
Phelnn of San rranclseo has been asked
to cleliyeT the presentation speech and :
General Shafter and staff have been In
vited to come as the guests of the city
also.
|zji§ Our ta'loring business has grown yffi\lji \JF
N beyond all precedent — it's the busiest yjM )M
H tailoring establishment in San Fran- M
cisco to-day — at least we think so. \r
We never saw any place as busy. ▼
g»| And what's at the bottom of this ?
Gcod clothes, well tailored, low prices. By good
q| clothes we mean clothes that are properly made and fit
as they should ; clothes that are made as well inside as
they are outside. By low prices — well, look at our
suits and overcoats for $10. Surely that is a low price.
We always keep clothes in repair free for one year,
and when there is an unsatisfactory purchase we re-
turn the customer's money at his bidding.
718 Market Street and
jj^J Cor. Powell and Eddy.
party when it left Washington. At Sal
ter's house they met the deputy Coroner
and John Silverman. one of the election
Inspectors. Continuing, the witness said:
"Baiter handed us a number of ballots,
folded and sealed, and told us they were
to go In the box as sour as we got to the
polling place. On our arrival there Sil
verman and Cook unlocked the boxes, and
we put the ballots in. There were about
200, 1 judge."
Kirkland said he acted as minority In
spector under the name of Clarence Mc-
Cabe, the return Inspector, and that Cook
impersonated E. E. Rankln, tne judge of
election. During tht> afternoon, witness
asserted, fifteen additional votes were
marked by Cook and Silvennan and placed
in the box. The last twenty-four voters
were banded specimen ballots, which wit
ness thought were destroyed after the
polls closed. He said 174 votes were act
ually cas^ and that the number returned
was "330 or thereabouts."
Kirkland said he acted in the matter at
the instigation of a newspaper reporter.
He was paid $15 for his work at the polls
by Lieutenant Rodgers. he said.
William Hamilton, the judge of elec
tions, testified that he was unable to offi
ciate, owing to illness and th* fact that
in order to do bo he would have to re-sign
his portion as laborer in the postofflce.
The clerk of the hotel at which the Wash
ington men stopped on Monday night said
the bill was paid by prominent local Re
publican politicians.
CABINET DISCUSSES
PURCHASE OF BONDS
It Is Decided That Action of This
Kind Will Not Be Taken, at
Least for the Present.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 10.— The Cabinet
j meeting to-day lasted almost three hours.
After the adjournment two of the Cab
j met officers said that the question of a
civil Governor for Cuba had not been
raised. There was some exchanges of
opinion upon the result of the elections,
all the members regarding it as an in
dorsement of the administration's policy.
It was decided to establish domestic pos
tal service in the Philippines, as it has
been established in Porto Rico and Cuba,
and Postmaster Genera] Smith again,
brought up the question of the postal
union. He is investigating the subject
thoroughly and will report at a later Cab
inet meeting.
The question of the purchase of United
States bonds by the Government was un
der discussion for nearly an hour. Sec
retary Gage explained the situation fully,
■ and it now appears to he settled thai ho
I purchases will be made for the present at
| least. Although the Secretary ha>s not ex
pressed his views f>n the Bubject for pub
m. it is known that he, with other
treasury officials, is considering the ques
tion of refunding the fours and lives into
long term bonds bearing 2 per cent in
terest. This action would necessitate
Congressional authorization, but whether
; the Secretary will recommend such ac
tion is not known.
SANTA FE LIMITED.
First Through Train Arrives in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Nov.. l9.— The first one
of the California Limited trains to be run
this winter over the Santa Fe route be
tween Chicago and Los Angeles arrived
here to-day at 1:30 o'clock, having made
a fast run between the two cities. The
train brought sixty-nine through passen
gers. Limited trains will be run every
other day both ways between the two
cities during the winter season. It Is an
ticipated the number of tourists visiting
California this winter will be larger than
any previous year.
Schley a Knight Templar.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Rear Admiral
W infield Scott Schley to-night received
the orders which made him a Knight
Templar. The degrees were conferred
upon Admiral Schley by the officers of
Columbia Commandery No. 2, District of
Columbia, in the presence of a large and
distinguished assembly of Knights Tem
plar of this jurisdiction and of the juris
dictions of many States.
On account of the fact that Admiral
Schley will depart in a few days to as
sume* command of the South Atlantic
squadron, the illustrious order of the Red.
Cross and the orders of the Temple and
Malta were all conferred upon him at the
conclave to-night, the work being done
under special dispensation from the
Grand Commandery of this jurisdiction.
Towns in Darkness.
SAN ANDREAS, Nov. 10.— The southern
mines region is still in darkness, due to
the several mishaps to the Ttica power
plant. This plant was to furnish light
and power to this and other towns de
pendent on the Standard Company's lines,
but a transformer was burned out on
Tuesday night, and another just as the
light was to be turned on last night. This
will mean a delay of a week or ten days
longer, and many large establishments
are thinking of putting in acetylene
plants.
34
21/est
BOTH MEN
TAKE MUCH
PUNISHMENT
Dave Sullivan and Joe Bern
stein Fight to a Draw
at New York.
■'. r>ispateh to T):
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Dave Sullivan
and Joe Bernstein fought a twenty-five
round draw nighl at. the Broadway
Athletic Hub. Sullivan outfought Bern
stein. He led, forced a»<i landed, while
the other man backed and remained on
the defensive during the; majority of the
rounds. Left jabs from Bernstein cut and
bled Sullivan early in the light. At? the
end of the sixth round Sullivan's face was
covered with blood. Hi.« nose and mouth
■were bleeding, and each time Bernstein 8
left hand' reached his face the glove was
besmeared with blood ur.d the Irish lad's
countenance was : made more repulsive.
Dave sent right and left to the body and
kept Berr.steln guessing with right and
left swing-s to the head.
In the tenth round Bernstein's left did
some wonderful . work, visiting Dave's
face and body frequently, the Irishman
returning, with hard lefts, which landed
on the stomach and over the heart. Up
to the nineteenth round the Heist was
fairly even, but in this round Bernstein
sent his right over to the mark and Dave
went to his corner groggy.
Dave' came- out strong in the Twentieth,
however, and forced the .-In Ing with re
newed enerpry. He drove Bernstein all
over the rlnsr.with left to head ami right
and left on the wind, to which Bernstein
countered feebly. This lasted until the
-closed the contest at the end of the
twenty-fifth round.
LIVERPOOL RACES.
American Jockeys Ride the Three
Placed Horses in One Event.
LONDON, Nov. m— At the third day's
racing of the Liverpool autumn meeting
to-day the Liverpool cup was won by
Chubb. Proclamation ran second and
Charina. ridden by L. :. Iff, finished
third. Dominie 11, ridden by Sloan, a 2 to
1 shot, was unplaced among sixteen start
ers. The betting was 100 to 14 against
Charina.
The defeat of the American jockeys in
tills event was in marked contrast with
The Downs Nursery handicap, immediate
ly preceding, which resulted in a victory
for Sloan on Sir Tristram, second place
for L. Reiff on Rinovata and third place
fir Martin on Locasta. The betting was
If*) to .14 against Tristram, 100 to 14
against Rinovata and 7 to 1 against Lo
■
Michigan vs. Pennsylvania.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 10.— The Uni
versity of Michigan football eleven will
meet the University of Pennsylvania
eleven on Franklin Field to-morrow. Re
ports have been received of the Western
ers playing a strong g.ime. and the East
ern team has done hard practicing dur
ing the past week/ The Pennsylvania
team has been somewhat demoralized
since its defeat at the hands of Harvard
last Saturday. The team as a whole has
not bet-n together for practice this
■week. Right End Coombs has a lame
shoulder and has not practiced, and Over
fl>;ld, who wa.3 the principal actor In the
\;npleasant scene after the Harvard game,
has foiled "to . show himself In uniform.
Both these men. however, are expected
to start in tho game. The work of the
Pennsyivanians this week has been poor.
The principal fault has been a lack of ag
gressiveness. The team took only light
practice to-day. All the men of the
Michigan t«am have recovered from their
long. journey from thu "West and are in
lino condition.
Half-Mile Record Falls.
. i '.v<;- i. Nov 10 Ma
ler, broke another bicvele rec
larfield Park by following
cyclt f'>r half a mile in 41 <co-
The previ was 41 4-3
second Eddie McDuffle. A stiff
••• was Mowing at the time Taylor
GROWTH OF THE
POSTAL SERVICE
Postoffice Department's
Report.
Special EHfrpatrh.to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Fourth As- ;
sistant Postmaster General Joel Bristow [
In his annual report to-day announced ! •
that during the past iiscal year 14,604 j '
Postmasters were appointed, 13,531 being j '
fourth-class Postmasters and Lha remain- : •
der Presidential. Concerning the policy ! :
of removals the report says:
The. policy of : former administrations of re- ■ I
moving fourth-elsiES Postmasters for political
reasons, regardless of loneth of service, re- j >
milted ill the changing- of Postmasters in all '
;of -the important fourth-claps offices early in;
tlie administrations:- The four years' term of I
the great majority of fourth-class Postmas
ters, ■ therefore,, expire.! early in the adminie- ■
trat'er;, which accounts for the greatly de- !
creased number, of appointments made during ;
the fiscal year, as compared with the preced- ■
ing one. Special attention to disciplinary
measures and the general improvement of the ■
(service baa therefore, been permitted.
There were '2335 poetofneoe established and
l.'.OTi discontinue.. At the close of the year the |
total number of postofficea in the country wa*
7G.000.. Kxtenslnn of rural free delivery nec« s-
Bltated dlscunllnuing eighty postoffices, appli
cations to restore a- numbT o£ which are now
pending. • • :•--•
About 7000. mnre postofflces wen? inspected
tHan In any previous year. Registered mail
lust av*-rag.d -one pieca in every ia.OSO handled.
There wen 1679 postal arn-sts .luring th<- year,
Including 119- postmasters, 21 asidatant "r'"!'t
maptfrs. 41- postriftlce clerk«. 21 railway postal
clerks, 32 Iftten carriers ami 351 poatofflce burg
lars. Of the* .-6; a were convicted and G23
casrs.are still pending in the court".
The report says the practicability of
transporting- the. mails over the proposed
all-Ann route to the Yukon, Alaska,
was a problem yet to bo determined and
a recent Inspection found so few settlers
In thfs Interior country that only (me
postofnee was established.
Among the. recommendations are for au
• thority for Inspectors to take out search
warrants whenever necessary; for pay
ment of expenses of various authorities I
in arrest and detention of postofnoe pris
oners; an appropriation for construction
of inspectors' lookouts in post offices
wherever deemed necessary; an amend- I
jnent to 'the interstate commerce law to
prohibit- telegraph and express companies
or employes from abetting In grc-en-^oods
swindles, " lotteries or . similar schemes; I
legißlatlon prohibiting loo.se pouching of |
Circulars ; and other small mail matter and ■
providing a, larger newspaper wrapper
than is now: I/sued.
WILL BUY MAMMOTH MINE.
New York Capitalists Promise to
Make the First Payment.
BEDDING. Nov. 30.— 1t is stated on the;
authority of the owners In the property :
that the sum of $50,000 will be paid on i
Januar\ 1 for the purchase price of the |
Mammoth group of copper claims In the
I lie district, west of K>nnet, this
county. The mines are bonded to New
York capitalists, through J. F. •.'oiemau,
fur $100,000, arid th« option expires Jan- !
vary 1. Mr; Coleman Is now Easl In con- j
h the capitalists ho represents. !
as sent word that the owners, A. J. '
Wallace, R. M. Saeltzer, Antono Jaegel
and Joseph A. Katmy of this city, can \
■ J50.000. payment by January 1, but
the bonders will ask for sixty days'
: 'iitlnuance of the option in which "to
cuiidude payment. The owners will 1
Sporting Scents jprom All Over the World.
UNIVERSITY
TRACK TEAM
MAY GO EAST
Steps Are Being Taken to
Provide the Necessary-
Funds.
BERKELEY, Nov. 10.— A big athletic
I • at the University of
fornia, ft is of a magnitude sufficient
to arouse Interest on the part of all
those familiar with the course of lntercol
: ■-. v/esterday the athletic
committee of the University Associated
Students decided id a track t.-am
• year, and, further, authorized
k Manager Ezra \V. Decoto to make
arrai for the undertaking. /
The suddenness ot the committee's de
clslon, as well as the unequivocal terms
in which it Is put, came as a surprise to
Diversity men. Such a proj< ct had
•: c hope of the track u-.im for sev
eral years past, but the insuperable
if a lack of funds lias always
. in the way. The committee, how
ever, thinks it pees its way dear for over
coming that trouble. At least its finan
cial prospects give sufficient promise to
warrant their saying that the proposed
trip of the track men Bast can be Looked
upon as assured.
There Is much encouragement f '" r the
Berkeley men In thr fact that their colors
iver been lowered on the track. In
the West the hlu<» and gold has always
hoKl its own. Even when the team of
East in the spring of thai year
its course was one of uninterrupted vlc-
Once only was there doubt, but
fortunately the- contest ended In a tie.
That was in the field day with the Uni
versity of Pennsyii
The athletes which California would
n from the nembi rs
oslng this year's team. First and
foremost is William P. Drum, track cap
tain, recognised n^ the best sprinter on
• .'.st. His record of ten seconds flai
for >: dash In Ihe lost two In
tercollegiate meets against Stanford gives
promise of being lowered by a fifth ol a
.i during the coming season. J)rum
is in excellent condition and has every
chanci of Improving before spring c
Plaw, the sophomore, bids fair to
Edgren in the hammer throw. Among
the others are Hoffman, Wo
Broughton, Symonds, Hamlin, Bakenell,
h, Howard Squires, Carroll, Powell,
Gustavson, Hlntz, Peck, Harvey, Cadogan
and Town*
AMONG AMATEUR ATHLETES.
University of California Is Suspended
for Non-Payment of Sanction
Fees for Football.
At the regular monthly meeting of 'he
board of managers of the Pacific Assocla-
I tion of the Amateur Athletic Union the
; following representatives were present
| last night: J. R. Bockman of the Arlela
| In the chair; IT. A. Keeler, secretary: H.
| Hauser, W. B. Hlnchman, Alameda Boat
; Club; George James, I ■■• pic Club; A.
P. Rothkopf, Dolphin Boating Club; M.
I J. Calvan, Pioneers, and Stanley Adder
ley of the Triton Boating Club. 11. A.
Keeler . signed as a representative of
the Academic Athletic League and was i
accepted as a representative of tin Re- ;
. liance Athletic Club, and H. Hauser re
signed as a representative of the Gram
mar School League and was accepted as
; a representative of the Academic Athletic
j League. It was announced thai Stanford
: University has paid $10 as sanction fees
| for football* games In IS9S and 1899, but
; that the University of California has not
j been heard from with regard to the pay
j ment of sanction fees due for former
1 game? of football. The University of Cal
i ifornia was BUFpended from the associa
tion for non-payment, the suspension not
to affect the game to be played to-day
! against the Olympic Club. The vote on
the suspension was unanimous. The
! Olympic Club has offered to register its
I football players whenever called upon to
• do so.
Secretary Keeler wes Instructed to com
i municate with the University of Nevada
I and to ascertain whether that body Is a
grant the extension of time with the
soming of half the payment. The
Mammoth is generally recognized as a
great copper property. There are I ■
tons of ore in sight, carrying an average
of 4 per cent coppc-r.
HOBART GRADUALLY
REGAINING STRENGTH
Was Able to Sit Up for a Short Time
and Relished the Food
Allowed Him.
PATERSON, N. J., Nov. 10.— There was
another change for the better in
the condition of Vice President
Hobart to-day. He was able to
sit up In a chair in his room and
picked up a newspaper and examined it,
■lally turning to Mrs. Hobart and
- to read for him. The patient
was evidently stronger to-day and took
more nourtshnlent than at any time since
his bad attack of nearly two weeks ago.
I '•■spite the statements of the attending
physician, the family still has hopes of his
ultimate recovery. They were much en
■ iged to-day by the fart that lie was
able to sit up such v long period of time
and by the way In which he apparently
relished his* food.
FROM WEALTH TO POVERTY
Former Chicago Millionaire a Beggar
in Pasadena.
PASADENA, Nov. 10.— -William M.
Webb, nicknamed "Old Hutch," formerly \
a millionaire stock man of Chicago, has
been for two weeks an inmate of Catholic
l'ri'-st Rev. P. S. Farrelly's barn. Many
nicaroanfl knew Webb when his sig
nature was> good for millions. Now he
rum these old friends, being a pau
i"ather Farrellv to-day started a
;iption to send Webb to the Bisters'
Hospital in San Antonio, Tex. He says
"Hutch" Is sometimes violently Si
and scares the housekeeper, whenei er
Webb gets a dollar he goes to Los An
geles and buys pork of a bu<-ket-«hop. He !
l.c escaped from Kankakee asylum i
antf lives on Michigan avenue, Chicago
and has a brother and sister In Illinois
STRIKE STILL ON.
Effort About to Be Made to Effect a
Compromise.
CHEYENNE. Nov. 10. -The Union Pa
cific .shops worked to-day with ajl the
except the boilermakers and part ]
of the machinists. Some of the latter, who i
wejit to work yesterday, quit work to- |
the pressure brought to beur by the
!><-ing too grfiU to resist.
Bishop Linehan of the Catholic diocese I
of Wyoming addressed a meeting of the
Firikcrs to-day, advising them to adjust
liffi renews. Ho afterward called j
upon the company ofllcials and urged that '
the differences be settled by arbitration, i
Superintendent of Motive Power McCon- \
nell will meet a committee of the men to
morrow, when it Is hoped the difficulty
will be amicably settled.
♦
SHIP CAPTAIN'S SUICIDE.
Tragedy Follows the Death of Hia I
Wife at Sea.
PBNBACOLA, Fla.. Nov. 10.-The Ger
man ship Comet, which has just arrived
here from Hamburg, reports that on Au
gust 31, when four days out. Captain
Krukman, the master, committed sulcida
by blowing his head off with a musket.
A few days previous to his departure
the rife of Captain Krukman died. The i
oaptain'S body was buried at sea.
Deweys Pass a Quiet Day.
NEW XORK, Nov. 10.— After breakfast
Admiral ;ind Mrs. Dewey were driven to
Central Park and to Granfa tomb. They
remainea In their rooms at the Waldorf-
IHE SAX FBANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK, Friday, November 10. 1899.— Sixth day of the
Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather rainy. Track
sloppy.
member of the "Western Intercollegiate
Association or not. The association has
ed an application f n the registra
tion of Ellis, who was a paid athletic In
>r at the University of Nevada and
Is now a coach of the football team. The
Ltion was rejected on the ground
thai Bills Ls a professional,
A communication from Colonel George
C. Edwards of the University of Ca
thai the Bum of $iW or there
abouta ls in his hands, and that hr- [g
ready to pay over one-half of it to the
Pacific Association, the university to re
Astoria all this evening. The admiral
s.-:i.l he to n-main several daya
in the city and did not know just what
day he would leave. When asked how
s'ton he expected to c" to Oakdale, L. 1.,
he Baid he could not tell. No cards were
sent up to the rooms to-night, and though
there were many callers none went up to
the apartments.
«.
Large Passenger I^ißt.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 10.— The R.
M. S. Empress of Japan sailed for the
Orient to-day with th^ largest number
of passengers ever taken from Vancouver
by a trans-Pacific liner. - The list included
fcio, of whom 700 were Chinese. The steam
er will try tn break the record across the
Pacific, as she is four days late.
Sherman Resigns.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— John B. Sherman
has tendered his resignation as president
of the Union Stockyards and Transit
Company, to take effect January l. Mr.
Sherman was an officer of the corpora
tion for thirty-four years, and for thirty
three years of this time Its directing
gfiiius.
Three Regulators Killed.
LIOUIBVIL.L.E, Ky., Nov. 10.-A special
to the Courier-Journal from Mlddlesboro
gives an unconfirmed report of the killing
In Letcher County of three regulators,
whose names are not given. The regulat
ors, according to the story, were engaged
in mistreating two women, when they
had a clash with a crowd of ofllcers and
citizens, with fatal results.
Kuck's License Revoked.
. I/AND, Nov. 10.— license com
mittee of the City Council held an im
portant meeting to-night, the chief busi
ness before it being the matter of the
license of C. H. Kuck. Rev. Dr. R. F.
Coyle, Rev. C. H. Ilobart and' Rev. C.
R. Brown, With a large delegation of
ladies, were present and made a plea" that
the license be not granted. For some
month Kuck's license has been a matter
of Interest, and now that it has expired a
strong attempt Is being 1 made to have it
evoked. . . ■ I ." '
By the votes of Messrs. Barstow, Upton,
Stetson and Glrard it was decided to rec
ommend that the license be revoked. Mr.
Mott were absent. \
Hastings College Won.
BERKELEY, Nov. 10.— The annual de
bate between the Students' Congress of
the State University and the Hastings
L.iw College took place to-night in Stiles
Hall. The question debated was, "He
solved, That the policy of England to
ward the Transvaal is unjustifiable."
Hastings, taking the affirmative, won
the contest. The debaters for Hastings
were L. N. Crowell. Roy Hudson an<J E.
Parker. Those of the University were J.
J. Epplnger, A. M. Kidd and A. J. Cloud.
The iudges were Professor T. R. Bacon,
Dr. E. H. Taylor and W. R. Davis.
L-afayette Square Favored.
OAKLAND. Nov. 10.— During the past
few days a ballot has been token among
the patrons of the Free Library to deter
mine whether Lincoln or Lafayette
squares be the most poular as a site for
the new library. The returns counted to
day showed that Lafayette square had
3f(B friends and Lincoln square 136, out of
a total of 4W) vote? put in the box.
Alameda News Notes.
AIiAMEDA, Nov. 10.— A "pound party"
will be given by the young ladies o f the
"Cinch Club," at the residence of Mrs.
R. Wi McChesney, of 1835 Central avenue
on Monday evening, November 27, for the
benefit, of the Alameda Women's Charita
ble Association.
P. C Taylor delivered an address on
Pythianism before the members of Ala
meda Lodge No. 49. K. of P., in Odd Fel
lows' Hall this evening.
oelve th*» other half. The sum was con
tributed to a fund for sanding b track
team of the university to compete in the
East, but. the team never having been
Bent, the money Is to be divided equally
between the University of California and
the Pacific Association. #
i? was suggested that a schedule of
games for the Indoor baseball champion
ship he prepared, and H. a. Keller and a
representative of the Stockton Athletic
ition were appointed to assist
George .Tames, the indorr baseball com
missioner, in preparing the schedule.
CHINESE FRUIT
PICKERS MOBBED
White Men Resent Their
Importation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VISAIJA, Nov. 10.— White laborers In
and around Lindsay have determined to
put a stop to Chinese labor in that sec
tion of the State. Several meetings have
been held recently and bitter invectives
hurled at the Mongolians. To-day was
lixpil ;;.s tho thup fur action and the fruit
pickers, instead of going to work as usual,
mbled in a body and drove a gang
of Chinese which had just arrived back
to the station.
The excitement was Intense and at
times bloodshed swined imminent. Sticks,
stones and other missiles were freely
used and the frightened Celestials rushed
back to the railroad with the mob of
white men at their heels. The protec
tion offered by the station-house and
empty cars was readily accepted and they
huddled close together until the mob
i finally dispersed.
The Chinese were brought to Lindsay
by ranch owners who fear serious injury
t'i their orange crops owing to the scar
city of laborers. They claim that no
worthy applicant has ever been turned
away and that good wages are paid.
I Sooner than suffer financial loss they
brought In a trainload of Chinese. This
exasperated the white men and led to the
riot. Peeling runs very high and if an
attempt is made to put the Celestials to
i work further trouble may follow.
Alleged Wife-Beater in Court.
OAK I. AN I>, Nov. 10.— Thomas H. Mul
len, arrested yesterday for wife-beating
and disturbing the peace of his mother
in-law, appeared in the Police Court to
day and his cases were set for trial be
fore Juries on November 24 and 28. Mul
len denies that he tried to murder his
wife. He denies also that he was under
the influence of liquor at ihu time of his
arrest, but declares that his wife was In
toxicated; that he had found her at his
mother-in-law's home and asked her for
money he had left with her. A demand
for the money, he says, precipitated a
general famllv row.
ONE WEEK
Required by a Portrait Artist to
Shave a Dead Man.
"I have just finished shaving 1 a dead
man, said a local artist. "The job occu
pied me übciut a week and—"
"<;'"•<] heavens:" ejaculated the horri
fied friend. "What d'ye mean?"
"Don't be alarmed." 1 replied the artist,
calmly; "the operation was not as repul-
Five as you may imagine. In fact, I p<>r
rorcned it with ■ brush. You see. a cer
tain family of my acquaintance have a
large oil pa in tine of the head of the house,
who departed from this vale of tears some
time in the early '80s. At the time the
portrait was made he wore a full
hoard, whtcn was contrary to his usual
custom, and tho family, who remember I
him best with a smooth face, have been j
anxious ever since to get off the whiskers, i
I was engaged to shave the portrait, and |
hard times and approaching rent day per
suaded mo to accept the commission,
which, needless to say, was highly antip
athetic to my artistic instincts. I had to
depend entirely on the recollection of the I
family for my data, and I found, to my I
alarm, that each member had retained a ■
MARCATO IS
A FINISHED
MUD RUNNER
Scores His Third Victory in
a Like Number of Days.
Tanforan Results.
Marcato, the brown Duke of Montros©
gelding, owned by P. Ryan, seems to be
a very useful piece of racing bric-a-brac,
lie won a race on Wednesday, repeated
the trick on Thursday, and yesterday
made it three in a row. Fortunately none
of his contests were hard ones. In yes
terday's mile run he reigned a pro
nounced favorite in the betting and was
aided from the start, for Faversham, the
contender, was left at the post, though no
fault could be attached to Caldwell.
Ryan's horse galloped home six lengths
ahead of Ix>destar. Croker, heavily
played for the place, proved a very poor
investment.
The fields were again very light and
the track in sloppy condition. Under these
conditions three favorites only were able
to make *he wire In front.
Corrlg-an's filly, Sardine, made a big
gallop of the opening event, a sprint for
two-year-olds. She ruled a 4 to 5 choice
and led Dmmcd out easing up. Kitty
Kelly ran third.
Corrigan's filly, St. Agnes, also had a
strong call in the betting <>n the half-mile
spin for two-year-olds, the early 2 to 5
being snapped at. She developed a streak
•if yellow aftor leading into the stretch
and was beaten bands down by the 10 to
1 shot Jolly Briton, with Johnny Ranch
up. Miss Sophie was a close third.
Tommy Burns had the leg up on Ostler
Joe and on paper the black horse looked
a "moral.'' Going to the post a 7 to 10
chance over his company, he ran with
his mouth open to the stretch and there
closed it. Reolia, at 8 and 10 to 1, passed
him as If he were tied, winning cleverly
by a couple of lengths. Frank Jaubert,
which ran a whole lot like a "sucker
horse." was third.
JVrhaps after the finish in the fifth
number, the mile run, little J. Walsh will
forget to "rubber" so much at the horses
behind him. He sat astride Silver Tone,
the heaviest played of the trio starting,
and aftor striking the stretch with a fair
li ad made himself at home. He made
grlm.iiv* at the paddock, tried two or
three different styles of wraps, practiced
an English "roll," didn't think so much
of. Tommy Burns' Beat or finishing' pow
ers, Htid as his pipe went out looked
around main. This time Meadowthorpe
was something over a length away and
Burns was plying the bat In tolling
fashion. When J. Walsh reached the
wir<- he looked in front of him and
Meadowthorpe had won by a neck. Burns
rec< Ived quite an ovation for the effort.
Willie Sinks' Rio Chlco, at odds on.
red the last event after leading
from the start. Ricardo took the place
without much trouble from Silver State.
TRACK NOTES.
At n mpptins: of the board of stewards
of the California Jockey Club held
g "Dick" Williams, trainer for Bar
ney Schreiber, ;ind Jockey "Jack" Ward
v.or<- Indefinitely suspended, with a rec
ommendation to the Turf Consros.- that
the license "f «;ich bf revoked. The rul
ings were brought about by the "re
versal" of Forte .mr'.r.K the last Oakland
meeting. Trainer George Howson ahd hia
horses were restored t'< the privik-ges of
tli.- trrtck.
To-Day's Entries.
First raeo— Five furlongs; two-year-olds ; sell
in;.:
(2M)Jolly I'.rlton 103 i2?S'»Raoetto 110
(2«) The Buffoon 106 2M Smiu ]>an - baum.lo3
(280) St. I Rslmlr ..
Second race— Seven furlongs: three-year-old?
anil upward:
285 Monrla 1» SBS Duke of Tork..lW
291 Bloom. Chance..lo9 266 San Carlos 114
253 Tirade 112
Thinl race One mile; throp-yfar-olds and up
ward; sf>'.ii : -
275 Jennie Hold .. 10S 295 Rapido 103
l 1^: i";istak(> 103 293 Faversham 105
288 U"udnmner I 1 •■ ,
different impression of the old gentle
man's rhin. One claimed it was double,
and another insisted that it was sharp
and clean cut; a. daughter described it as
'square and determined,' and the widow
assured me privately that it was shaped
like the prow of an armored cruiser. Al
together I found myself in a deuce of a
fix. It was no trouble to take off the
whiskers; I did that In thro.-- fell swoops;
bui when I blocked out the Jaw experi
mentally and called In the crowd for sug
ns, there was a grand chorus of pro
tests. Strange t>i s .- 1 >- I pleased nobody,
and I have been correcting, amending, re
modeling and doing it^iii over again ever
since. One poini of dispute was the loca
tion Of a wart, which half tho family said
was on the Wt and half on the right. 1
finally effected a compromise by painting
in two warts, one on each side." I got m>
fee all right, hut before 1 take another
tonsorial Job I'll go to driving a trolley
car."— New Orleans Times-Democrat.
A Discredited Poet.
"I have just been reading the honorable
works of one of your most female English
foets," said the educated Japanese." and
cannot understand her so exceedingly
popularity. I refer to the Mother Gi
There is one of her poems of celebrity in
which she acquaints us with twenty-four
blackbirds that sang after they had been
beforehand baked into pie. The Mother
Qoose I regard and consider as one of the
greatest liars of the English-speaking an
tiquity." — < 'hicago Tribune.
The stock raiser sometimes finds it dif
ficult to make hoth ends meet, but the
check raiser is nearly always sure of his
board and lodging.
•| SpeCiaS W^&H^ They are all wool. I
I No* 2 NfafiT IpSRi^ $1. rtlpllll fancy cassimeres j
% For this week: ||§f\ . —popular shades, JL
(ff MEN'S SUiTS-the «.*. \ strictly up-to-date; %
Which e is ail M W§¥\ \ a Wh0,eSale aSSOrt " C
% J"' 0 / |jf§fj llll ; guTrantee* £
I $8»75« .flf^ I O iM%,W<\ 111 sve V^ °^°^ool 0 f^ i
1 mil »nHJiirn|jPC$ hh
QSSfffi.^^ Wholesale Manufacturers o? Clothing. Sv >« s ! |*f_|?rl£
' u 121-123 Sansome St., near Pine. »wi
Fourth race— Onr mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds and upward; selling:
<28S)Chimura 104 295 Frank Jaubert..l'">7
26« Fi Ft I^2 27*5 St. Algnon 10]
<295)Re011a IMI
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and upward; handicap:
253 Morinel 102 (2S.T)Zoroaster 90
296 Silver Tone .... Ml 2^7 Judge Wofford... SO
Sixth race— Five furlongs; selling; three-year
olds and uoward:
263 Lothian S9 : 291 Katie Gibbons... 99
285 Genua 99 i 290 Lona Marie 99
S!H7 Karl Islington. ..lo2 297 Ricardo 104
291 Tuilamore 1041
Selections for To-Bay.
First race— St. Caslmir, The Buffoon, Racetto.
Second race — Tirade, ( Monda, San Carlos.
Third race— Jennie Reid, Faversham, Castake.
Fourth race— Chimura, St. Algnon, Reolia.
Fifth race — Zoroaster, Morlnel, Silver Tone.
Sixth race — Tuilamore, Genua, I'.icardo.
New Stakes at Tanforan.
The following: new stakes have been
opened for nominations by the Western
j Turf Association, to be decided at Tan
iforan Park:
The Western Produce Stakes, $5000 • added—
The Western Produce Stakes for two-year-olds
(foals of 1900). A sweepstake of $5 (to accom
pany the nomination), for mares covered In
1899; $25 each for the produce of such mares
unless declared out by January 1, 1901. or $75
unless declared out by January 1, 1902; starters
to pay $125 additional; the Western Turf Asso
ciation to add $6000, of which $1500 to the sec
ond and $750 to the third horse. The breeder
of the winner, namely, the owner of the mare
at time of entry, to receive $750, of the second
$500, of the third $200 of the added money.
Colts, 118 pounds; fillies and geldings, 115
pounds; winners of three races of $600 each or
on* of $1000 to carry 5 pounds penalty; of two
of $1000 or one of $1500, 8 pounds penalty. Maid
ens beaten two >r more times allowed 7 pounds.
The dp duce ( mares or stallions that have
not produced a -inner prior to January 1, 1900,
allowed 3 pounds; of both mares and stallions,
5 pounds; allowance to be claimed at time of
entry. By filing with the association an ac
cepted transfer of the foal's entry the original
nominator shall be released from further lia
bility. The entry of a mare having a dead or
more than one foal or barren shall be void and
entrance money refunded. Five furlongs. En
tries close January 1, 1900. To be decided spring
meeting, 1902.
The western Stakes— A sweepstake for two
year-olds (foals of IS9S). Entrance $10 (to ac
company the nomination); $76 additional for
•starters; the Western Turf Association to add
$1600. of which $100 to second and $2.*,0 to third
horse. Colts, 118 pounds: fillies and geldings,
115 pounds; winners of five races of any value
or of three races of $600 each or one of SIOOO
to carry 5 pounds penalty; of two of $1000 or
one of $1500, i pounds penalty; maidens beaten
two or more times allowed 7 pounds. Five fur
longs. Entries close December 30, 1899. To be
decided spring meeting, 1900.
The Western Foal Stakes— A sweepstakes for
two-year-old (foals of 1899). Entrance $5 (to
accompany the nomination); $20 additional for
horses not declared by December 1, IKiO; $75
additional for starters; the Western Turf As
sociation to add $2000, of which $500 to second
and $300 to third horse. Colts, 118 pounds; til
llps and gelding:-, 115 pounds; winners of five
races of any value, or of three of $600 each, or
one of $1000, to carry 5 pounds penalty; of two
of $1000 or one of $1500, S pounds penalty; maid
ens Lea' n two or more times allowed 7 pounds.
Five furlongs.' Entries close December 30, 1599.
To be decided spring meeting, 1901.
Owing to an error in printing the fol
lowing entries were omitted from the
Stanford stake to bo decided at Tanforan
Park on Wednesday next. Flamora, Alice
i Dougherty, Floridan, Nance O'Xeil, Kiuy
Kelly, Gold Finder, Sunello and Moun
taineer.
Moffett Defeats Purcell.
CHICAGO, Nov. l" Jack Moffett, the
Chicago middle-weight, won an easy vic
tory over Frank Purcell of California be
fore the Fort Dearborn Athletic Club to
night. The fight went th<» six-round limit,
but the Californian \v:is weak and groggy
at the iinal gong. Moffett had a long
lead in every round, repeatedly binding
rifiht and left on jaw and stomach. Pur
cell assumed tho aggressive in the first
round, but as )<■■ K"t decidedly the worst
of the first mix-up ho quickly changed his
tactics and remained <>n the defensive the
remainder of the bout.
English Rugby Game Favored.
MONTREAL, Nov. 10.— At a meeting of
the students of the McGill University, it
was decldt '1 to discard the Canadian
Rugby football game next year for Kng
lish Rugby, as the latter gives less chance
for foul play and is more enjoyable for
the spectators. There is little doubt that
other ' dian universities will indorse
the cbfl
HOW BALZAC WROTE.
The Great Frenchman Was the Terror
of Compositors.
With an inborn literary facility, with an
inborn artistic conscience that drove him
on in untiring pursuit of perfection, he
tilled the vast chasm between his thought
and its expression with countless pen
strokes, and by methods of composition
all his own; the exact reverse of those
of Dumas, writing at white heat, never
rewriting; or of Hugo, who said. "I know
not the art of soldering a beauty in the
place of a defect, and T correct myself in
another work." Balzac began with a
short and sketchy and slipshod skeleton,
making no attempt toward sequence or
style, and sent it, with all its errors, to
the printer. Proofs were returned to him
in small sections pasted in the center of
huge sheets, around whose wide borders
soon shot from the central text rockfis
and siiuilis of the author's additions and
corrections. Bred by his infuriated fist.
The new proofs cam.- back on similar
sheets, to be returned to the printer, aga;n
like the web and tracks of a tipsy spider.
This was repeated a dozen or. it is s. i !.
a score of times, always with amplifica
tions, until his typesetters became palsied
lunatic-. He overheard one of them, as
he rntcred the offlc* one day, say: "I've
done my hour of Balzac; who takes him
next?" Typesetter, publisher, author
were put out of misery only when the last
proof came in, at its foot the magic "Bon
a tirer."
This stupendous work had been preced
ed and was accompanied by as stupendous
preparation of details. He dug deep to
set the s*>Hd foundations for each struc
Cast.
RULED OFF
THE TURF
FOR LIFE
Fate of Curley Brown and
Others Implicated in the
Newport Fight.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Nov. 10.— After «
thorough investigation into the tight be-,
tween CurJey Brown and Dan Murray
Thursday afternoon at Newport track,
the judges to-day ruled off the turf for
life the following persons: H. D. Brown.
George Keating, Trainer Ted Wilker and
Charles Keating. AVilker was implicated
in the affair through handing Brown a pair
of brass knuckles during the affray. It
developed, however, that Brown did not
use the weapon given him by Wilker. but
Wilker struck Murray several times
across the head with a chair. The Keat
ing brothers, according to evidence pre
sented, were in the room in which the
light took place and prevented Murray
escaping his assailants when attacked by
Brown. Both Keatings have been em
ployed by Starter Jacub Holtman as flag
men.
Brown is one of the best-known turfmen
in America. For several years he was
stnrter at Newport and several other
tracks. This year lie has been racing a
stabW? of horses. He owns three of the
>t sprinters in the West, Merry Day,.
Gold dOr and Dolly Wicthoff.
Murray is still in a precarious condi
tion, but the physicians say he will re
cover. The most serious injury is a gash
I in the back of the head five inches long.
The Weather was pleasant and the track
fast to-day. Results:
Seven furlongs, selling— Acushla wen, Aureole
second, Prince of Wales third. Time, I
Pix furlongs— The Sluggard won. Nunki
second, Koenig third. Time, 1:15%.
Sis furlongs— Creation won. Dr. S. C. Ayres
second, Russell H third. Time, 1 I
Handicap, one mile— Lord Zeni won, Molo
second, Sklllman third. Time, 1:4
Mile and fifty yards, selling— Slddubia won.
Fresco second, Zanettl third. Time, 1:44.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— Weather clear; track
good. Results: . ■
Six furlongs— The Unknown won, Ben Chance
second, Terralinp third. Time, 1:17.
' i rig— Josephine B won. Free
Hand second. Pauline J third. Time, 1:43%.
SIX and a half furlongs, celling— Georgie An
derson won, Andes second, Benneville • third.
Time, 1:28. . .]
One mile and twenty yards, Beliing— Deerihg
won, Latch Key second. Banish third.. Time,
1:4.'.
One mile, selling — Refugee won, Bert Davis
second, Evelyn Byrd third. Time, 1:44^.
One mile and une-eighth— Harry Nutter won,
Volandies second, Vincennes third. Time, I:SS.
POOLS MAY BE SOLD.
St. Louis Judge Declares the Prohib-
itive Law Unconstitutional.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 10.— A special to the
Post-Dispatch, from Birmingham, Ala.,
Bays: Judge Feagan of the Inferior Crim
inal Court this afternoon pronounced the
act of the General Assembly of isW, which
forbids the sale of pools at horse races,
as unconstitutional. The pool sellers who
irrested by the Chief of Police on
the charge of violating the law were rer
i to-day. The various church socie
ties in the city have taken steps to pro
test in a public nia?s meeting against the
races now being held here.
Sale of Harness Horses.
CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— The Splan-New
gnss sales continued to-day. There were
a number of fast road horses sold the
last day. Black Robert, 2:13&, leading in
price, being purchased by the Aetna
farm, "tt'heaton, lii., for S33U". Other sales
were: Dr. Leek, 2:09%, by Sidney, M. H.
Tichenor & Co., Chicago, $-'*'*<■. Josephine
Dixon, iilPj. by Game Onward, George
"West, Chicago. $2050.
Italian Killed.
HOLLISTER, Nov. I".— Paclflco Greg
orlo. a new arrival from Italy, fell down
shrift 3 at the New Idria mines to-day
and was instantly killed.
ture he meant to build. "I have had to
read so many books," he says, referring
to his preliminary toil on "Louis Lam
bert." So real were his creations to him
—more alive to his vision than visible
creatures about— that he must needs nume
them fittingly, and house them
priately. Invented nomenclature gave
no vitality to them, in his view, and he
hunted, on signs and shop fronts wherever
he went, for real names that meant life,
and a special life. "A name." as he said,
"which explains and pictures and pro
claims him; a name that shall be his, that
could not possibly belong to any other."
—November Scribner's.
Cameras in Church.
A clergyman in England is advocating
the use of a concealed camera in the pul
pit, which could be Bnapped with a
ton, unknown to the congregation. This
Innovation, he thinks, would prevent
much of the snoozing in church, as the
•a would take a picture of the con
gregation, and the sleeping ones would
be caught Then, he says, by Bh
these photogranhs to the backsliding
they would become bo shamed that
wouhl not be liable to repeal the
formanee. The. suggestion is
deserving th.- Ingenuity of a Yankee; but
wo should think that the surest w
keeping th< . atlon awake lies in
preai hing interesting- sermons.
His Generosity
"They pay he Is generous to a fault."
""Well, if he is. that's the only thing. ]
went out to the races with him the other
day and he let me pay his way all around
without a Drotest." 'TREASURY WILL
NOT BUY BONDS
Speculators Must Look
Out for Themselves.
Special EHipateh to The Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— Frank A. Vander
llp. Assistant Secretary of the United
States Treasury. who arrived in Chicago
to-day for a week's visit with his family,
says that the Treasury Deportment has
no Intention, of buying $100,000,000 of bonds
for the relief of the money stringency felt
by stock speculators In New York, and
that there has been no organized demand
upon the department for such form of as
sistance. He says if the stringency were
due to other causes than stock speculation
and manipulation of interest rates in the
Stock Exchange pome measures of relief
might be considered.
"Ii is true that money Is ti^ht in New
York," said Mr. Vanderlip, "'call loans
tiding made at from 20 to So per cent, but
the situation 1? not BO serious a,< has been
reported. The discussion over the advisa
bility of the treasury's buying $l<M,o<«U*io
bond's has been theoretical, for the de
partment Is not going to make any such
purchase. It might at some time In the
future, for we now have a cash balance
of over $29C1,u»,000.
"Nothing can be done now to ease the
money market except to deposit the inter
nal revenue receipts with the national
banks, but ere is little probability of
that kind of action being taken, for we
have $83,000,000 in deposits subject to call.
"The stringency complained of in New
York is felt more in stock speculation
than elsewhere, and tbx> money market ie
manipulated more or less on the Stock
Exchange. Persons borrow SoM.OOO at a
high rate and then say they don't want
the money, but are willing to pay the in
terest.
"As a consequence of this practice a
large amount of money is locked up,
merely for the purpose of preventing
others from using it. The Treasury De
partment recognizes the situation in New
York, but ii is not going to help out the
speculative element of that city by pur
chasing bonds. If we thought the strin
gency was due entirely to other causes
there might b<* some measures considered
ior the relief of the market."
MEANS LITTLE CHANGE
IN CUBAN GOVERNMENT
Administration's Plan Does Not In-
volve along Step Toward the
Island's Independence.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— Brigadier Gen
eral Ludlow, military governor of Ha
vana, after reading the special dispatches
Irom Washington describing the impend
ing change In the government of Cuba,
said:
"Assuming that the administration
really proposes a change substantially as
get forth. It does not surprise me. The
change as outlined would not, however.
in my Judgment be so radical as might
at first thought appear. General Brooke
is now virtually a civil governor as well
as a military governor. General Wood,
If he should be made the head of the
government in Cuba, would be, as I un
derstand the scheme, denominated civil
governor, but he would not be divested
either of his military rank or of military
authority and power. A military force
would remain In the island and would
necessarily — or, at least, almost certainly
— be subject to the supreme head, the
civil governor. It has been our constant
aim and practice to subordinate the mlli
iavy to the civil as much as possible.
"Hence i should not regard the change
stated to be proposed as a long step
toward the establishment of a purely na
tive government, I lowed by the abso
lute withdrawal of the United States from
nil active participation in the direction of
Cuban affairs, The paramount obligation
■which rests upon the Government of the
I'nlted States— to itself, to Cuba and to
the world— is to see rhat ■ here exist peace
and order and protection to the lives and
property of all. With this obligation fully
Assured, as I believe it to be, the step
suggested as about to be taken cannot
be interpreted as abridging in any great
fipgree tno period to elapse before the,
Cubans are fully intrusted with their own
destiny."
DEBS DOING POLITICS.
Season for His Visit to the Coast
Explained.
LOS ANGEL.ES, Nov. 10.— A set of reso
lutions adopti d by the I^abor Council re-
The New Explosive.
Thorite, the new expl -!•>•% baa been d!?t!n
ruishlr.g Itself by passing rough a 4%-lnch
larveylzed steel plate, li Its success continues
tt will make as great a record for Itself In the
tuilitary world a- Hostettt-r's Stomach Bitters
bas In the mediral world. So far nothing has
Appeared which can equal this wonderful medi
cine In Its speedy and permanent mastery of
ci! dls*n?es of '.) ■• stomach, liver or kidneys.
-Tt'« a grood remedy to try when everything else
Van failM.
P PILLS
leu™ Wiml 22£? i
\ Pain A". Stomach \
I Torpid Liver j
I Sallow Skin |i
Indigestion, etc.
: : 10 cents and 25 cents— Drug-fists. :
COKE! COKE!
P. A. McDonald.
Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE Sl3 FOLSOM ST.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY,
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
842 to 3.'Q Geary Street, Above Powell. '
PERIODICALS. BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKR AND PIG WON.
I C WIT ?ftV * fft 9 Battery Street.
J- L- T>lL3U!l (X LU-, Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
JOSEPH FOX, Bupt H. BLITHE Mgr.
CO CUITH - hl Plumbing. Steamboat
•TT • 'II 111. and Ship Work a Specialty, 1C
and 18 Washington it. Telephone Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS RflYF<\£fft Shipping Butchers. 104
JAJ- DUILJg tUt clay. Tel. -Main 1294.
FURS.
J. 11. IfIFSTAn H Kearn / . •'•. p-.c, remedying.
.H. LVIJIAU, tty | esi | owest p r i ccli remod.llng.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, Eg- £ &£Zi
et. Castings of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black IKB.
PAPRRDF.Ar.RRS.
U'H I AIWFTTF PULP ANI) paper co.,
LAM I. ML 722 Montgomery et.
PRir«TIN3.
EC IItUWLJ. oil PRINTER. s. F.
• i/- HUUIICJi cil Bansome st.. 8. F.
. STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Telegraphic PAPTRIfIfIF 306 California
Codes. lAninllMlC etreet.
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL,^VuL^
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. at its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, Is the Best Coal In the
market. jQfflce and Yarfli— 4S9 Mala street. ' ~'
veals the cause for the coming of Eugene
V. Debs to this coast. These resolutions
are highly eulogistic of Debs and 11. Gay
lord Wilshlre of Los Angeles. Debs is
conceded to be the next nominee for Pres
ident on the Social Democratic ticket.
Wilshire Is being pushed for Vice Presi
dent by the San Francisco and Ix>s An
geleu Socialists, and it Is to-night an
nounced that the California delegates will
demand tills recognition for the coast.
Now that Laurence Gronlund is dead,
Wilshlro occupies his place as the fore
most contributor to Socialist literature.
Wilshlre'B name is now a household word
in England and America, owing to the
popularity of his pamphlet entitled. "Why
\Yorki"gm«n Should Be Socialists," which
has nev.- reached a circulation of one mil
lion oaples. Mayor Jones of Toledo re
quest,..! VSMlshlro to Btump Ohio during
the last campaign, but owing to pressure
of business he declined.
LIEUTENANT BAMFORD
MARRIES MRS. O'BRIEN
Wedding That Becalls the Scandal
Ending in tlis Court-Martial of
Captain Romeyn.
ATLANTA, Ga,. Nov. 10.— Word was re
ceived In Atlanta to-night of the marriage
in Washington on Saturday last of Lieu
tenant F. E. Bamford. Fifth Infantry, U.
S. A., and Mrs. Mac Kendall O'Brien.
This is a highly Interesting sequel to the
Roracvn court-martial at McPherson in
1897 "Lieutenant Bamford at that time
was engaged to marry Mary Romeyn.
Captain Romeyn' s daughter, at the same
time paying marked attention to Mrs.
O'Brien. Captain Romeyn expressed him
self freely on the matter and Lieutenant
O'Brien, bearing of it, accosted the cap
tain on parade. His superior responded
by knocking him down, the court-martial
being held soon after.
Lieutenant O'Brien died some time ago
at Dry Tortugas. Lieutenant Bamforil Is
at present stationed In Omaha-
YELLOW FEVER AT TAMPA.
Board of Health Reports Two Cases
and One Death.
JACKSON Flu., Nov. The
State Board of Health announces two
ca^evs and one death from yellow fever at
Port Tampa City. A rigorous quarantine
of the place and of the docks was at once
instituted, and dispatches this evening
declare that no excitement exists, nor is
there any indication of an exodus.
Dr. Porter, State Health twicer, de
clares that owing to the lateness of the
season there is no fear of a spread of the
disease. The fever at Key West is dying
out and it is very mild at Miami. Where
there were no new cases to-day, but two
deaths.
SUTT TO FORECLOSE.
Action Begun by Holders of Mort
gage on the Greek Mine.
SAX ANDREAS. Nov. 10.— Suit has
been begun in the Superior Court looking
to the foreclosure of a $4000 mortgage on
the Gre-ek mine, in the El Dorado district.
Among San Franciscans Interested are
the Jardine Iron Works, Dunham, Carri
gan &. Harden and Hooper & Jennings.
The mortgage was given to John J. Sny
der, deceased, in trust for the creditors,
and J. P. Snyder brings the foreclosure.
The Greek mine Is a large and valuable
one, extensively developed and improved.
Harriet A. Waldron of San Francisco
owns 59,9?4 of the GO.OOO shares.
"Will Erect a Cyanide Plant.
SAN DD3GO, Nov. 10. —Judge Torrance
to-day authorized Receiver Trumbo of
the Golden Cross mines at Hedges to
erect a cyanide plant in connection with
the work's, with a capaci:y of 300 tons
per day. According to the testimony it
was shown that there were »i,Wj tons of
tailings available for treatment, and, ac
cording to an analysis made, they will
average $2 03 per ton. The cost of treat
ment will not be over 65 cents per ton.
Funerals of Two Soldiers.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— The body of
aln Bogardus E Fourteenth
try, who lost his life in the Philip
pines, arrived here to-day and was tem
porarily "deposited in Arlington Cemetery,
where the Interment will be maut to
morrow with b< fitting ceremonies. Burial
services were held at Arlington Cemeti ry
this afternoon over the body of Lieuten
ant M. C. Krayenbuhl. Third Artillery,
killed in the Philippines.
■• — — •
W. T. Ball Bead.
PASADENA, Nov. 10.— The death of
W. T. Ball, formerly Assessor of the
North Side of Chicago and a well-known
Repul tician, occurred last night
after an Illness of four years. Ball had
finished a mansion oi Grove
-. H>j leaves a widow and three
children. He was 40 years old.
Workman Badly Mangled.
SAUNAS, Nov. 10.— Charles Rice, a
workman for the Southern Pacific Com
pany, was badly mangled this rooming
by a loaded dumpcar overturning on him.
STINGY GIRL
Saves Her New Shoes by Only Wear-
ing One at a Time.
It will bo many a long day before Hyde
Park will cease wondering— Hyde Park In
this instance moaning the young women
of that South Side District— and tho thing
over which their minds are pondering is
the old query: "Weil, what next?"
It all came out through a burst of con
fidence on the part of a young woman
who has long held— not to say enjoyed—
■••■ reputation of being probably the
stingiest girl in Chicago, It has been
common gossip for years that when In the
parks she always walks on the grass to
save wearing out her shoes on the gravel
walks. She never has been known to "set
up" the ice cream sodas on a hot day, and
a well authenticated story is current to
the effect that on one occasion, when two
young women called on her she brought
In a fine large apple and divided it be
tween them, paying she did not care for
any, but telling them at the same time
that her father had just sent home a bar
rel of the apples.
But her crowning achievement in petty
saving probably never would have been
known did she not take pride in her penu
rlousness for she is at liberty to spend
her father's abundant wealth as freely as
she will. , 
"Do you know girls, she, said when her
conlid'lng mood came upon her, "I have
the greatest scheme on earth for saving
shoes
Every one of them thought Immediately
of her "plan of avoiding gravel walks, ami
expected .to hear an old story. But It
was different.
"For two years now," she went on, I
have never worn shoes that were mates
except to dancing parties. You see,
there's really no reason why one should
have on two good shoes at once any
where but at a dance. , When I buy a pair
I put one away and wear the other with
an old one. When ] sit down 1 am al
ways careful not to let the old one show,
but put the new one out where it can be
seen. When the first new one gets old I
discard the one of the older pair and put
on the other new one, then keep that foot
in front. Of course, then 1 am wearing
both shoes of the fame pair, but they're
not mates any more. Now, Isn't that a
great scheme?"
There was a wild and concerted strug
gle on the part of a half dozen girls to
recover breath and composure at the
same time, so they could tell her they
thought it was a "great scheme." Cer
tainly, it wouldn't do to tell her other
wise. Hadn't they long ago been called
on* to approve her plan of laying away
soiled winter gloves to wear out in sum
mer, when one's gloves aren't supposed
to look so fresh?
And now they are all asking each other
"What next?" and the old maxim about
"nutting your best foot forward" has new
meaning for them.— Chicago Tribune.
Foreign Parcels Post.
In spite of the frequent publication In
the newspapers of the fact that a parcels
nost convention has been concluded be
tween the United States and Germany,
and has gone Into effect, the people of the
iviti-d' States remain in Ignorance of it.
At lost so says Superintendent Brooks <>f
thY Foreign Mall Service. Twenty-eight
. ,s were s-nt from the United S
Po Germany October 1. the day the con
vention w»nt Into effect, and Beven from
Germany to this country. Captain Brooks
says he thinks Americans will awaken to
their new privilege beforo long and that
there will be general use of tho mails for
exchange of parcels-Washington Special
New York Times.
A Mixed Blessing-.
"Telephones are great time-savers,
ar "\Veli t h That depends on who calls you
TIIE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
WIFE-MURDERER
BECKER HANGED
Awful Crime Avenged
by the Law.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
CHICAGO, Nov. Albert August
Becker, who on January 27 last murdered
his wife, Rachel, and afterward chopped
up and boiled the remains In order to dis- \
pose of them, was hanged In the County i
• Jail at 12:05 this afternoon. Becker's nock '
was not broken by the fall, and It was j
sixteen minutes before he was pronounced
dead. H^S
On the scaffold Becker protested his in
nocence, and declared that George Sut- i
teriin, the father of his second wife, was !
the real murderer.
The case of August Becker In many
ways bore a remarkable similarity to that |
of Adolph Luetgert. Both of the con
demned men were butchers, and the mo
tive for the crime was the same In both
cases— the desire to get rid of the wife '
I in order to marry a younger woman. The
i manner of committing the crimes was
1 much the same, both men. according to j
j the testimony, being extremely brutal in |
I the killing, and both using the Fame ,
I means to dispose of the body— by boiling ',
| and burning.
It was proved at Becker's trial that af
i ter killing bis wife lie had chopped
her body to pieces, then boiled the re
mains on his kitchen stove, afterward
| burning the remains in various places. As
! In the case of Luetgert, the rings of the
j murdered wife played no small part In the
testimony leading to conviction. Like I
Luetgert. also. Becker endeavored to ex- |
plain his wife's disappearance by saying
she had eloped with another man.
Becker made several confessions. In
' his first statement he said he had
1 drowned his wife In Lake Michigan.
: Later he endeavored to Implicate in tho ;
: crime the father of the woman whom he i
married after murdering his first wife, j
; and to the la.st he adhered to this version. '
LEGAL SLAVERY IN THE SOUTH.
Services of Negroes Fined for Small
Crimes Are Sold to Fanners.
Conditions much like slavery have been
brought about among the negroes In this
State by the fine-alternative system of
j punishing minor crimes, and the grand
j Jury of this (Anderson) county. In Its
presentment Just made, directs attention
; to them.
A negro Is arrested for Home offense—
| gambling, fighting, resistance of officers,
breach of contract, violation of the Hen
I law, selling liquor, or any one of a dozen
other misdemeanors. lie is fined $25 or
$T.O, with th« alternative of working sixty j
or ninety days, or even six months, on
! the chain gang. Then a white farmer
calls and looks him over. If he appears
ito be an able-bodied farm hand, the
farmer offers to pay his fine, to be
"worked out," and the negro usually con- j
Bents. As farm wages are from $6 to $8
a month and board, and in such cases are
i fixed at the lowest rate, the negro's
I chances for working himself out of servi- ,
I tude in a year or two are slim. He does i
: not dare to violate his contract. If ho
has a family, he cannot set away, and
even if he is a single man he cannot go
far before he is captured, and breach of
contract means another lons term on "tne
gang."
The gand jury In its report says: "There
are In the county to-day a number of
these unfortunates who, under a terror of (
conviction for crimes ranging from the
most trivial of which the law takes notice
to graver offenses, have bound them
selves to landlords for a period of service
ranging all the way from one year to rive
or more, having in some instances thiefl
or four years' service for the advance
: ment of a fee of $50 or less. Worse than
! all, • any worthless negro men. who have
: neglected their wives and helpless cMI- i
| dren and have got Into the clutches of ,
the law, have bound those wives and chil
■ dren to a state of servitude to procure
the payment of some small fine. We are
I told that in some instances children
■ scarcely out of their infancy have been ;
thus bound out. sometimes during the
whole of their minority, in order to pay
a fine of a few dollars, the price of their
father's crimes. In other Instances these
contracts are obtained In order to avoid
prosecution."
The presentment names one lawyer of
the local bar, who. it charges, regularly
visits the County Jail and offers his ser
vices to friendless negro prisoners, his
fees to be "worked out." With the men
! once bound to him. he can let them out
to farmers to "work out" what they owe
1 him, presumably making a profit on the
transaction. Whether convicted or ac
quitted, the prisoners are in equally bad
case, the term of their servitude depend-
Ing on the conscience of the landlord.
I The Improvidence and ignorance of the
negroes make it easy to hold them In
-1 definitely with small advances of pro
visions and clothing at tremendous prices,
and Interest charges on the money, the
stem expressed in the familiar lines:
Ort'6 er ort an' Uppers er fl::p-r;
All fur d<? white man; none Cur de nigger.
The grand jury makes no recommenda
: tion except to suggest that it would be
more merciful to punish offenders with
an absolute sentence of Imprisonment or
I labor on "the gang," that they might
serve out and be done with.— Anderson
(S C.) Correspondent New York Tribune.
WHITEWASHERS' TRUST.
Colored Kalsominers Have Caught
the Craae for Combines.
Baltimore whltewashers are about to
form a combination for the regulation of
th'-ir business, and for the purpose of pre
venting price cutting. Colored men who
have been engaged in the business for
years have been alarmed over novices,
r.ter into competition with them and
h. i ure jobs by using Inferior materials
ai d 'heap workmen. This they say re
•« ■ ni the end upon the trade in gen
eral, and their object is to uphold their
I ■ ifession by throwing around it safe
guards which they claim will be as mucn
for the benefit of their customers as for
themselves.
When it Is remembered that there are
about 87,000 buildings in Baltimore it will
!..> seen what a formidable affaJr a white
washers' trust would become, and how
its workings would be brought home to
nearly every family in the city. Scarcely
a single one of these buildings but needs
a coat of whitewash for some part of it
or its surroundings at least once or per
haps twice a year. There is some talk
of having the State regulate the business,
probably by having a State Board of Ex
aminers, who would Inquire into the qual
iilcations of whitewashes by competitive
examinations. It has been suggested that
the examinations might be arranged to
take place at some State institution
where a section of fence or building
mlpht be alloted to each applicant for a
practical evidence of his ability. Another
plan suggested is to license whitewashes.
Then, it is said, the men would be regis
tered and could be kept under surveil
lance. — Baltimore Run.
FAITHFUL DOG.
Saved the Lives of a Family, but He
Perished.
Had It not been for the warning bark
of a faithful dog the family of Thomas
Clay, of Kipp street and Indiana avenue,
would In all likelihood have been smoth
ered to death recently. Mr. Clay keeps a
saloon at the above address, and in some
unknown manner a lire broke out in the
cellar. •
The (lop was penned up in the rear of
the cellar, and the bright glare' of the
kindling flames caused him to bark and
howl furiously. The noise awakened Clay
and the other members of his family, who
were all asleep. They soon found out
what the matter was, and hurriedly
dressed themselves. t
The dog's warning came none too soon
for by the time they reached the lirst
floor the house was tilled with smoke. In
the meantime an alarm was turned in by
a Thirtieth District policeman. The fire
men succeeded in extinguishing the
flames, with a damage of $1000, equally
divided between the building and con
tents.
When the firemen had forced their way
through the lire and smoke into the cel
lar they found the dog dead. In their
hurry to get out of the house the family
had forgot the faithful animal that gave
them timely warning.— Philadelphia Times.
Another Version.
"All the world's a stage," quoted the
man from St. Louis.
"That's right." remarked the Chicago
man. "and when it comes to amateur the
atricals the rest of the universe Isn't In
It with your vlllaee." . - ■
FOREIGN CRUISERS
MAY INTERFERE
Asked to Take a Hand
in Venezuela.
Special Dißpatch to The Call.
LA GUAYRA, Venezuela, Nov. 10.—
Francis B. Loomia, United States Min
ister to Venezuela, has asked tho com
manders of the foreign cruisers off Puerto
('ab«-110 to act together In order to prevent
General Antonio Parades, formerly a
commander in ex-President Andrade's
army, who refuses to recognize the au
thority of General Clpriano Castro, bom
barding Puerto Cabello by bringing moral
preyesuro to bear upon him.
The British, French, German. Dutch
and American commanders will confer at
Puerto Cabello and will take all proper
measures to prevent Parades sacrificing
the lives of innocent persons. The United
States legation will protect the French
Sisters of Charity by special request.
PUERTO CABBLLO, Venezuela, Nov.
10.— General Parades absolutely refuses
to agree to any proposal to surrender. A
conference was held this afternoon be
tween tho British. German, Dutch and
American c:;i't.ains here, und as a result
W. w. Russell, secretary of the United
States 1.- gal ion, was sent to discuss tho
matter with General Parades and to try
to effect an arrangement. He proved to
be deliant. and intimated to Mr. Rugsell
that he was ready to tight any force that
General Castro would send against him.
WAR-TIME STORY.
Recalled by a Visit of Admiral Wat-
son to Chicago.
A pretty war-time story developed In
Chicago recently through the presence In
the city at the same time of Admiral Wat
son, who was passing through on his way
to relieve Admiral Dewey, and Mrs. Ed
win A. Clarke of Qulncy, in., who was
here visiting her son, Kdwln B. Clarke,
the Chicago architect It was a story
of tho war of secession ;m<i not of tho
Spanish war, bui the occurrence of a for
eign conflict in the meantime does not dim
the story's Inten
Admiral Watson's friendship for Mrs.
Clarke dates from the time when he was
£* midshipman with Admiral Farragut's
fleet befor.- New I Orleans, and when she
was a Miss Besancon, a Southern belle,
and the strongest kind of a sympathizer
with the secession cause.
Miss Besancon was on her father's plan
tation in a suburb of the city. A part of
the Federal army of occupation camped
near tho piao\ The soldiers needed tire
wood, and set out to get It. On the Hesan
oon plantation were some magnificent
oaks, centuries old, the pride of the place
and of the family. Tho wood-cutting
party saw th» oaks, and with axes in
hand started for them.
On the plantation with Miss Besancon
were her sister, two cousins and two vis
iting friends, all young women. From a
window they saw the ax party approach
the group of great oaks. Then there was
a race. When the soldiers arrived at the
first tree they found six pretty girls in
white with hands joined encircling and
clapping the old gray trunk.
It was a c:tse of "Soldier, spare this
tree," but the men wanted wood. They
made for another oak, but again were
outstripped in the race, and that tree, in
Its turn, was clasped in the arms of six
plucky Southern girls. A third tree was
circled In the same manner, and then the
Northern invaders shamefacedly with
drew and secured their fuel supply else
where.
This tree-saving episode reached the
ears of the officers of the army of occu
pation and of those of the fleet. They
called In scores to offer their congratula
tionss to the plucky plantation girls.
Among the callers was Midshipman Wat
fon, now a rear admiral with a fleet of
his own.
It goes without saying, perhaps, th.it
the admiration of the Federal officers was
no whit diminished when they learned
subsequently that Just before the oak epi
sode the same six Southern girls had
wheeled, "by hand." a battery of light
artillery, which the retreating Confeder
ates had left behind, down to the levee
and had dumped the guns Into the rush
ing waters of the Mississippi, In order
that they might be of no service to the
invading — Chicago Trlbue.
ODDLY MATCHED RACERS.
Pigeons Outfly Honey Bees in a Mile
Course Trial.
Two men who lived In Wigtown, In Scot
land, became engaged in a controversy ns
to whether homing pigeons or honey bees
could fly the faster. Bach was so sure of
the correctness of his own opinion that ;
they resolved to make a test of the. mat
ter.
"But how shall we know that your fast j
h^e* are the right bees when they come |
in?" paid the man who owned the pigeons.
"Easily enough— flour' em," said the
other.
So a number of hers were carefully
taken from a hive, near evening, so that j
It might be altogether unllkHy that they
would loiter by the way. and sprinkled I
with fine, white flour, which stuck to
them. Then the bees and one homing ;
pigeon were taken to a point a mile away
from the pigeonhole and also a mile away
from the beehive, and all were liberated.
The pigeon reached Its journey's end
first, ha vine flown the distance in live
minutes and thirty seconds. The floured
bees came In thirty seconds later— in ex
actly six minutes.
The result did not prove a great deal.
so slight was the distance, and the bee
man tnlnkp he might win on a second
trial. Certainly neither pigoon nor b<rs
were very swift. Perhaps they were slow
In getting under way.— Youth's Compan
ion.
Earthquake in Africa,
A distinct shock of earthquake was ex
perienced in Cape Town and suburbs at
§L IT GLADDENS THE HEART OF A i
\^y^i!/\ y&WW*\ **i The sootllin £» gentle flow of animal vitality which is infused into the nerves %
lJ^T fd&^M>£. I* of men wrecked by over-taxation of the vital forces is like the touch of the cool 5
V / stf*&^s?\ 1 spring to the tongue parched with thirst. It is glorious, Joyous and satisfying. %
V ■ f/l The nerves are starved— drained of their life and energy. How gladly they 5
J%il / // yf receive the exhilarating current of Galvanic Electricity, which is food and drink *
lllH' I If/ /m to them. What Joy it brings to the weak and nervous man, what courage and
Til I fill Ifm hope it infuses into his despondent mind— what strength to his frame.
% — DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
* Is perfected after twenty years of close application to one hobby— the upbuilding of physical force. 1
* Electricity is the acknowledged remedy for exhausted vitality, and this method is the most effective A
* in applying it. Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt is worn during sleep. The electrodes are covered and do Jf
4* not blister. It does its work gently, and, while hardly realizing the change until the Joy of renewed *
i* health bubbles forth in all its pent-up force, the patient is cured as he rests after his daily labors. |[
*• DCiHI MVDA^ The perfection of physical manhood is a most beautiful subject, and it is treated in ■ %
2 DC Aft HI V D A (\V~ Tl* c perfection of physical manhood is a most beautiful subject, and it is treated in 4
*AD ALP 111 l DIIUIV a simple, interesting manner in my new 89-page illustrated book, which I send free, I ..^ , r/ /s ' •> , . J/y .
£ closely sealed, upon application. You wish to be strcng and to realize the pleasures of life fully— send for it. ]^^W^^^^<^' "
Z? T)R ill A wnTATTrmTM ' PIEDMONT AYE.. OAKLAND. CAt,., Oct. 25. 1899. /4fOmMK *tf£2SEl
4* Dear Sii^-^urci^sed' one of your Belts for general rheumatism, wore it three weeks and /^^^^j^^^W^S^S
$ since fhattime I have not had a pain or ache. I also suffered from indigestion and constipa- (^^^^Offf^^i^^^^S^
•■ ton an.l 1V.u,1 v vi Belt has cured mo of those ailments. I recommend the Belt to all who JksKP^^ 7 ■ , T^^^KS^
i Buffer from the above complaints, feeling sure that benefit will be derived. FRANK KELLY. K^^llv^^'' ■'>-
4* nn HI H RSI Rlinill I M 702 Market, Cop. Kearny, off ice Hour a . m . to 8:30 p.m. i^fi^^^F^^^^B^
1 MR M I mP\ AIIRHI IN S.F. ; -ndßurd.ck Block. Sunday 10 to I.
"& Ulll Ball 111 iiSllLriUy Sl] Cer. Spring and Second, Los Angelas. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES 7^* >
*l — 77T0?
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
RELIEVES PAIN.
Mrs. Margaret Bethel, of Brainerd, Minn., writes:
"For thirty years I have been a great sufferer from neuralgia
in the head and also with rheumatism in the whole body. I began
taking Paine's Celery Compound, and soon found that I was much
better. Before taking the Compound, my life was such a burden
that I almost prayed to lay it down. 1 was bedfast every two weeks
with horrible pain in the head, back and neck until 1 was almost
crazy. I am able to do harder work and more of it to-day than for
twenty-five years. lam really enjoying life again, thanks to Paine's
Celery Compound. I am satisfied that my life has been prolonged
many years by its use."
Paine's Celery Compound is a great reconstruct-
ant. The weakened, inflamed nerves are built up
and the nervous force increased. The stomach, liver
and kidneys are kept in healthy action. The body is
kept free of acid blood and morbid waste material; is
made healthy and free from pain.
32:2? p. m. the other day. It was heard as
well as felt, and in the suburbs was mi'ch
more distinctly than in town, which would
probably b« due to the vibration and noise
of the traffic. It was, however, severe
enough to shake several substantial build
ings, but was of brief duration. Many
people would not believe that it was an
earthquake, but attributed both noise and
vibration to the passing of some heavy
vehicle or blasting operations at a dis
tance, and there were vast numbers of
people who knew nothing of it at all. In
the gardens, at several houses where the
table was laid for dinner, the shock was
sufficiently strong to break tne crockery,
—Cape Town News.
NETTTNG QUAIL.
How the Egyptians Catch the Birds
by Thousands.
There has been much said lately of the
capture of quail in Egypt In regard to
the protest made by Frenchmen about
carrying the birds across French terri
tory for English use. The passage of
band of quail over the coast of the delta
of the Xile, from Port Said to Alexan
dria, begins In September and lasts a
| month and a half, the birds arriving: In
j little proups.
Generally they are taken by means of
nets five meters high, wnlch the natives
extend on cords fastened to poles, in the
fashion of curtains gliding on their rods.
|In reality the net is double. The first
I near the side of the sea is of meshes very
j large and loose, but at the back is an
other net where the bird will really come
and perch itself in the folds formed by
this net of small meshes.
There Is another method of capture
which is more picturesque. Rows of dried
branches are placed on the shore. At the
foot of each branch Is disposed a tuft
of fresh herbs, In the middle of which Is
arranged an opening which ends In a
snare. The quail, tired by its journey,
takes refuge In the branch, thon in the
bunch of herbs, naturally, without figur
ing to itself that it is going to put itself
Into a trap where a native will surprise
and kill it. With these means of destruc
tion. It is not astonishing that each year
more than a million of these birds' are
taken. — New York Sun.
Paris Pawnshops
All sorts and conditions of people pa
tronize the Paris Mont de Plete. or mv
nicipal pawnshop. A report just issued
shows that among the borrowers last
year were 8500' working people. 8497 em
ployes. 05*54 merchants, tradesmen and
manufacturers, and 2019 representatives of
the liberal professions. Rentiers, who live
on their dividends, frequently sook the
help of the friendly Mont, and 3209 of this
class are among the borrowers. The In
stitution Is looked upon more as in the
nature of a bank than Is the pawnshop.
It advances money at low rates of inter
est on any form of security, including fur
niture and railway shares, and. is used by
the tradesman short, of capital as well
as by laborers out of work.— London
Chronicle. ' ■
He Is to Be Pitied.
How pnd is the man who wanders through
life
With nothing on earth to enjoy:
Unable to make others happy himself.
While everything seems to annoy.
His life is a cocoanut; minus the milk,
A dry. empty shell— nothing more;
So pity rather than blame the poor man
Who has heard the story before.
Even a tramp may admire pictures, but
he Invariably draws the line at wood cuts.
56
SATURDAY :..' NOVEMBER n, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. •
Address All Communication! to W. S. LEAKE, Managw.
PUBLICATION OFFICE . . Market and Third Stt^ S. F
■ ' Telephone Main iset,
EDITORIAL ROOMS £17 to £21 Stevenson ' Street
Ttlephon* Main 1874.
D«LJV«RED BY CARRIERS. IB CENTS PER \TBSX.
Slnglo Copies, 5 cant*.
Terms by Mall, Including Poatar*:
DAILY CAT.!, (Including Sunday Call), on* y**r $8.00
r AILT CAM, Mnclndlnr Sunday Call). « months 8.00
PAILT CALL. (Including Sunday Call). 1 months .... 1.30
DAILY. CALL— By Single Month .... 6«o
BUNDJLT CALL ">ne Tear 1.80
WEEKLY CALL On* Year 1.00
A!l poatmaat«rs are authorise to r»c«lrj «übscrlptlons.
Pampi« oopl«a trill b« forwarded wn«a rsquested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS,
Manager Foreign Advertising Alarqaette BaHdl»4,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT!
C. C. CARLTON Herald ((qoarS
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE! ,
PERRY LUKENS Jfl 29 Tribuna Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS. ,
Sb«rrr.«.n House; P. O. .Wws Co.; Great Northern Hot*!}
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. i
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf- Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Sqaaraf •
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel !
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent. '
„ ' ,
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, .
open until 9:30 o'clock;- 300 Hayes street, open until '
8:30 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30 i
o'clock- 615 Lark'n street, open urjtU 9:30 o'clock
-1841 Mission street cpon uotll 10 o'clock- £26' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh |
street, open uotll 9 o'clock NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.
A-MLDSEiLEKTS.
-urn — Va ud< ■
I A ■■
; 'mla- "The New ("amille."
. -•L' Africa lne."
"Nervea."
■ "Th» Merry Mod ■ i
N- w Albambrm- Mile. F'.fi. from Paris.
■.es. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
.
mpla, corner Mason and E11I« streets — Specialties.
rmajices.
ball t i day.
Western Turl . San Mnteo County— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
l«y Bdward S. Spear A Co .—This day, at 11 o'clock, Furnl-
■
By E Tuesday, November 14, at 12
■
By V I er 16, at U o'clock.
THE DIVISION OF SAMOA.
Wl ITH the solution of the Samoan problem,
ht about by the withdrawal of Great
the islands, there will be satisfac
tion on the part of Americans, Germans and British.
will not be satisfied, but as
• neither white "kins nor military power, they
Their burdens will be taken up by
n and they will have ample leisure to chew
>ntent uniil they get used to it and can
5t it.
Tiie trade between Great Britain and Germany ap
• :ic of those powers a great deal of
::i hU speech at the Lord Mayor's ban
lisbury in discussing the bargain
islands unless they
and as there was no s;ood harbor
k he was quite willii
interests Great Britain
a lesser island group where there is
rbor.
Judging by the tone of their newspapers, the Ger
ut as well pleased as the British.
■ iys: ■ bought
I lie presence of America in Tutuila will not
1 iermany as would
the • Britain there." The Germans
et a very hikih value upon the islands.
I there are the out
• their first colonial ventures, and they
have iys very proud of it and very sensitive
■
the group are well secured.
een the British and the Germans
thout our con
id harbor in the
■ for our fleets and our mer
■: r .■.!!<! a good coaling
<* British retain the
1 in Apia.
Is has long been the object
;id it has now been attaii
There w end to convicting interests which
tion between the three Gov
ern:- st. fhe only people left to make
re the natives of Samoa, but as
then i tripartite Government to ap
•-• ■ • ■ id sturbance they make will
be about the last they will rver be able to make. The
United States Great Britain having taken their
■'. the Germans can be relied upon to settle
native troubles with the sharp medicine of blood and
iron ■ fad has eea«ed to be a problem.
The white nan has taken up her burden, and all her
cs have to do now is to hunt a comfortable
pace in which to die in peace.
The clergyman who officiated at the marriage of
Mrs. Hazen was once a sailor.
It was natural, therefore, that when the minister
launched the -V.c on the sea of matrimony
he should tie for them a goo !, old fashioned sailor's
If the great naval battles of our war with Spain
accomplished nothing more they have furnished
several of our distinguished fighters with the oppor
tunity of contributing to an interesting controversy,
liven Admiral Dewey is now flinging inkpots.
The Rev. Andrew Wood of Oakland has secured a
divorce from Mrs. Wood. He told the court that on
one memorable Thanksgiving day, having asked his
wife for turkey, she gave him the laugh. He ought
to be thankful she didn't give him the neck.
The sailor who hanged himself the other day be
te was refused a drink probably took too liter
ally the old raying that a man who wants a drink
badly has his tongue hanging out.
Without awaiting the medical reports it would seem
safe to say that the death recently of Jacob Bright,
brother of the famous John Bright, was due undoubt
'cht's disease.
' the Morgue have received another
• \o the long, tragic roll of suicides who made
death their hazard in local gambling.
THE LOST COM MISSION ERSHIP.
ONCE more the Southern Pacific Railroad has
succeeded i:i preventing the appointment of
a representative of the Pacific Coast to the
Interstate Commerce Commission. To the vacancy
occasioned by the resignation of Commissioner Cal
houn the I 'resident has appointed Joseph Filer of
Illinois, and all efforts made in the three States of
Washington, Oregon and California to procure the
selection of W. R. Wheeler have failed.
From the time of the creation of the commission
the Southern Pacific Company has opposed the ap
pointment of a man from this coast to a place upon it,
and the opposition has been continuously successful,
notwithstanding it was the intention of the framera
of the act creating the commission that among its
members there should always be a representative of
the interests of this section of the Union.
Commercially and industrially the States of the
Union are divided into five great groups, each group
being marked by certain characteristics which distin
guish it from the others. The commercial and trans
portation interests of no two of these groups are
alike, nor are the problems which confront business
men alike in any two of them. It was the design of
Congress in establishing the Interstate Commerce
mission to give each of these divisions of the
country an equal power in the commission, and ac
cordingly the act provides for five Commissioners.
Each of the other groups of States has always had
a representative Commissioner. The Pacific Coast
never hid one. The Southern Pacific, for reasons
known to its bosses, has antagonized every effort to
obtain such a representative, and it is because of that
antagonism this section of the Union has no voice in
determining transportation questions which affect its
welfare.
In times past the defeat of Pacific Coast aspiran's
for a Commissionership has occasioned but little com
ment. As we never had a Commissioner, a large
number of our people have considered it a part of the
natural order of things that we should never have one.
This year the case is different Certain demands made
by Chicago and St. Louis for freight rates prejudicial
to the coast have aroused our merchants, manufac
turers and producers to a realization of the danger
that threatens their interests. Out of the discussion
of that subject came an understanding of the ri.uht oi
the coast to a representative on the commission and
btain one. Accordingly the business men
of the three States united upon a candidate and recom
mended him to the President. Thus the issue was
raised, and Pacific Coast sentiment, so long indifferent
to the question, was thoroughly aroused.
It is to be noted that the right of the Pacific Coast
to a representative on the commission was rco
in the I ir merchants and manufacturers did
ye to make the fight without aid. The Phila
delphia ' and Manufacturers'
;ed the
cy of Mr. Wheeler, and in doing so reflected
the prevai ment of the Eastern public.
i the moment, however, that the movement for
er from the coast was started
unpany set about defeating it.
With their usual cunning, the railroad schemers
sought to divide the people, and for that purpose set
up a cand not succeed in
fomenting divisions among Pacific Coast people, but
they evide I I in convincing the President
that such division exists. The result i< the appoint
ment of a man from :
Once more, then, the railroad has triumphed, bit
this time the victory is likely to cost them dear. The
ited. The Southern Pacific Com
. will eventually be made to keep its hostile !
out of *"" md one of the incentives
which will prompt the people to that action will be the
remei : trick by which the railroad de
bated Willi; -:i K. Wheeler am! deprived the Pacific
Coast States of their rightful representation on the
com:.. regulates our interstate commerce.
While in the act of discing into their pockets to
be to the • Lady Randolph Churchill
to fit out a hospital ship for duty with the British
fleet in South African waters it might be well for
Americans in remember that the lady proved her
Americanism a long time ago by marrying a British
title.
THE NAVAL CONSTRUCTORS.
THERE i* no corps in the navy that has under
gone so compiete a transformation in the past
twenty year? I I E the naval constructors.
On January i. 1880, there were sixteen naval con
structors and five assistant naval constructors, of
which seven have died, six arc retired and three still
remain in active service. At the present time there
are twenty-one naval constructors and eighteen as
sistant naval constructors, making a total of thirty
nine officers in immediate charge of the construction
and repairs of ships.
The constructors of twenty years ago were, in the
! large majority, men of superior practical ability, who
! a long apprenticeship in the shipyard and
worked their way up.. They were rather deficient in
the scientific branches, according to the present stan
dard of requirements of a^aval constructor, but that
they did their work well is shown by the records of
the Hartford, Kearsage and many other ships of the
\ old navy. Aa graduates from the shipyard they were
; in thorough sympathy with the workmen over whom
: they had charge, knew how to handle large gangs
and get the best results without needless friction, and
it is only fair to state that the abuses in the navy-yards
of tho^c days were due to the acts of higher official?,
j to which the constructors had to consent or quit the
i service.
Since 1875 no civilian appointment? have been made
; in that corps, and all its new members are graduates
! from the Naval Academy. These are all highly edu
cated men, graduated after a four years' course at
the academy, supplemented by a couple of years at
foreign institutions of learning, and then commis
'. sioned as assistant naval constructors. They are, how
' ever, totally deficient in the practical part of their
profession, in which their training begins when placed
:in charge of men and work. The system is entirely
different from that of other countries, or, for that
matter, from the practice in private establishments,
where practical and theoretical knowledge in similar
: positions are absolutely requisite to the success of the
: work, and it would seem as if our Navy Department
has gone from one extreme to another.
In order to qualify for command of a vessel-of-war
the officer has to pass through successive grades and
linations, and it takes at least thirty years' ex
perience to become competent to command a vessel
like the Texas. On the other hand, the same ship was
built by one of the Annapolis assistant naval con
structors who had less than one year's experience in
charge of work, and the record of this "hoodoo"
ship, culminating at Santiago with bursting her decks
through the concussion of her own guns, disproves
the wisdom of having inexperienced men to under
-1 take such important work as ship-building.
i Of the one hundred and seventeen vessels of the
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
new navy, built or in course of construction, one hun
dred and six are from plans of the late Chief Con
structor T. D. Wilson and Philip Hichborn, present
chief of the Bureau of Construction. Both of these
officers were practical shipwrights, and their handi
craft compares favorably with that of other navies.
Four vessels, the Indiana class and the Bancroft,
are credited to the Annapolis constructors; five are
from foreign designs, and two others, the Katahdin
and Dolphin, by outsiders. The old shipwright con
structors appear to have done pretty well, and the
new members of the corps are likely to be as efficient
after a long, tedious and costly apprenticeship.
Just now all is not so satisfactory as it should be,
for there are complaints from workmen at Mare Isl
and of too much militarism in connection with the
work. It is not to the liking of California ship
wrights and other mechanics to be treated as if they
were enlisted men, but this condition, while it is not
conducive to good and economical work, is the natu
ral result of a change of system. Complaint is made
that the present naval constructor is tyrannical, and
the Navy Department has been asked to have him
transferred. Similar complaints have been made
twice since 1891, and it is not likely that any more
attention will be paid to this protest against an un
popular officer than has been vouchsafed the griev
ance of a 16 per cent reduction in the shipwright's
pay within the past year.
In view of the fact that the last Congress added
from 33 to 50 per cent to the officers' salaries, the
mechanics and laborers are slow to comprehend why
they should receive less pay nt Mare Island than is
current in San Francisco. There is a marked change
In the condition and treatment of workmen at the
navy-yards, which are gradually becoming similar to
those of Europe. They are harassed by rules and
regulations such as prevail on board vessels-of-war,
and the officers are confidently looking forward to
the establishment of an enlisted force, clerks, me
chanics and laborers, such as exist? in the German
navy. From a military view it may be considered
qtiite proper to have the working force domiciled
in barracks, going to and from their work to the
music of drum and fife and the boatswain's whistle to
time the riveters and calkers. Things seem to be
drifting that way.
Latest reports from the South African war pos
sess one gratifying characteristic— they are delight
hilly indefinite. They appeal to partisans of every
>hade of opinion; they picture Britons and Boers of
equal savagery and cruelty: they accord to both sides
the credit of victories of appalling significance: they
l"i??ess all the charming interest of other fictions
which arc not of current moment. Later in the sea
son, perhaps, the facts may be known.
THE STORAGE OF FLOOD WATERS.
HARDLY any convention that ever assembled in
San Francisco has been charged with a more
important mission than that which is to meet
next Tuesday for the purpose of considering «
and means for storing the flood waters of the State
and rendering them available for use throughout the
year.
The convention is to be a thoroughly representative
one, and it is believed will be attended by upward of
a thousand delegates. A widespread interest is felt in
the work to be undertaken, and among the members
will be many oi the most far-sighted, progressive and
public-spirited men in the State.
There has been some opposition to the plans sug
gested by the promoters of the convention on the
part of those who believe the whole work of water
storage and irrigation should be left to the National
Government. Such opposition, however, is not well
founded, as there is nothing in the California move
ment that will in the least antagonize or impair any
aid the National Government may be willing to grant.
On the contrary, whatever is undertaken at home will
have the effect of inclining Congress to be more
prompt in providing aid.
The attitude of the majority at least of the
promoters of the State movement was well ex
pressed by President Thomas in discussing the
subject on Thursday at the meeting of the
committee engaged in making preparations for
the convention. He is reported to have said there
.vere points in the National Irrigation Association's
plan upon which the advocates of the State plan could
agree. He believed that all were agreed that it was
advisable to get from the Government all that the
Government would give, but he reiterated that the
Government has no ownership of the water in a
stream, nor does it own the bed of the stream, and
that all its right, constitutionally, in the matter is to
regulate navigation between States and with foreign
countries; also that if the Government were to con
struct storage reservoirs for the purpose of maintain
ing the levels of rivers there could be no help from
irri gators from that source.
Whatever differences of opinion may exist at this
. it is quite probable that a plan of action may be
devised by the convention to which all fair-minded
men will agree, and for the accomplishment of which
all may cordially work. The importance of the en
terprise can hardly be overrated, and it is highly de
sir&ble that steps be taken as speedily as possible to
undertake it upon a comprehensive scale. The waters
which now nin in floods to the sea would be of in
calculable value if stored up for use, and the work is
none too great for a State like California to carry
out.
The police were rather late in asking for a show
down at Joe Harvey's Mason-street gambling game,
but when they called they certainly held the top hand.
The gamblers probably expected that Harvey'?
police friendship meant a different sort of a "wide
open" town.
It is announced that the rioting soldiers who ter
rorized the denizens of one of the local streets the.
other day are to be left to the mercy of the civil au
thorities. A few repetitions of rowdyism and law
lessness may leave the offenders at the mercy of the
people.
The woman who has asked Police Judge Graham
for a warrant for the arrest of her husband on the
ground that he has whipped her every night for a
year might learn something to her advantage by read
ing the domestic life of Socrates and his wife.
As a vote catcher William Jennings Bryan is not
a glittering success. His friends ought to persuade
him that he is a political paradox and will win more
votes by appealing to fewer voters.
Mare Island is threatened by a visitation from the
original kissing bug. It is said that Hobson is to be
placed in charge of the navy-yard and repair shop.
Chicago and St. Louis may not wish the earth
for their very own, but they do wish to crowd San
Francisco off it.
Bryan seems to be able to carry Nebraska easy
enough, but it is very hard on the State to have to
carry him.
CROWNS HER LIFE OF SACRIFICE
BY JOINING A RELIGIOUS ORDER
MRS. ROSE HAWTHORNE LATHROP has crowned a life of self-sacrifice.
She has become, in truth, the Little Sister of the Poor she so long has
been in spirit. With two of her associates, Miss Alice Huber and Miss
Higley, at St. Rose's Free Home for Incurable Cancer Sufferers, 426
Cherry street, New York, Mrs. Lathrop has just been received into the Third
Order of the Sisters of St. Dominic. Tins order is for lay men and women living
in the world.
Nearly three years ago this gently nurtured daughter of Nathaniel Haw
thorne, quietly relinquishing home ties and all the soft luxuries that are the
necessities of a life of ease, gave herself to the mission to which she felt herself
called. A course at a cancer hospital prefaced her opening of the three rooms
which she hired in a Scummol-street tenement. There, actuated alone by love,
she succored the victims of the most loathsome disease that curses humanity.
When her private resources began to fail, money came from outsiders. Her
Indomitable courage won the respect and support of the community. This hos
pital, free to her poverty-stricken patients, outgrew the accommodations. Quar
ters were taken in Water street. These in turn became inadeQuate, and the
Cherry-street house was taken.
Those who joined with her in this noble undertaking were known as "Ser
vants of Relief." A Puritan kerchief, close-fitting cap (.over hair closely cut
for hygienic reasons), a snowy gown and apron comprise the uniform.
Mrs. Lathrop was the wife of George Parsons Lathrop, the writer. Her own
contributions to literature were numerous before she entered upon what has
become her life work. She has long boon an ardent follower of the Catholic
faith.
THE DUTCHMAN.
By Edward J. Wheeler.
His prow was pointed toward the South-
em stars;
lie plowed a furrow half way round the
world.
The winds of many zones tugged at his
spars
And beat his deck before his sails were
furled.
On, on and on— three thousand leagues
of sea, ,
Untried, unknown, he traversed to be
free.
StolM and stern, unsightly and uncouth.
No scented d;,rling he for courtly ..;
But in that slow speech there was stead
fast truth,
And dauntless courage in that stubborn
frame.
On Alric's farthest capo he made his
home , 
And thanked the good God ha cowd
cease to roam.
The Kings played chess, as Kings are
wont to play,
Each move an end to some fair land 3
repose.
On A file's fields, three thousand leagues
away,
One tyrant's flag came down, another
rose.
Tim Dutchman saw with gratitude
profound.
He hailed a savior— a worse tyrant
found.
Vain his long search o'er many sounding
Still on the heights doth freedom iove
to dwell.
To shake her tresses in the mountain
breeze.
And hear the tales the upland forests
tell.
Far to the North, where snowy sum
mits rise,
The Boer, outmastered, turned tils
longing eyes.
Before him lay long miles of arid plain;
Around him valleys full of pienty
smiled.
He yoked bis oxen to the lumbering wain.
The lambok spoke In menace shrill und
wild.
Bach mighty beast, submissive, bent
his neck,
And the Boer started on his long, long
trek.
Came days of aching toll. Night after
night
lie faced Death, eye to eye, and stared
him oewn.
With naked list he met the lion In flfcht
And sent him scurrying to his Jungles
brown.
Tho ravage blacks who came to spoil
and slay
Reeled back before the laager's atern
array.
Oh, Freedom dear, If ever man there was.
In all the ages, earned thy favoring
smile,
This patient man has earned It. In his
cause
Pleads till the world to-day. Yea, even
that isle
That hisses hate of him, thrills, too,
with strong
Deep notes of protest against Eng
land's wrong.
Gold! Gold! Gold! Gold! The cry filled the
air,
And wrought like magic on the hearts
of men.
The restless souls In every land who dare
Shake dice with Fate, felt the blood
leap again.
They came In squads— in troops— in
rushing stream,
Their motto ever this: "Follow the
gleam!"
But most were men of that proud race
who hold
The Triple Isle as trident of the sea.
What! Was this Boer to rule a -calm of
gold?
His slow hand to time the march of
Destiny?
So came the clash, and on Majuba Hill
That slow hand proved its swift, un
erring skill.
The old Colossus spanned the Rhodlan
Bay;
A continent the new one would be
stride,
From cape to Cairo drive his iron way.
And a new empire for his Queen pro
vide.
An earthquake laid the old Colossus
low.
The new one laughs amid the earth
quake's throe.
The lust for gold and lust for empire
found
That the bold Dutchman dared their
way to block.
They Joined their force to sweep him
"from the ground:
Move, s-ald the Sea; I will not, said the
Rock.
For twenty years the Sea has shout
ed. Go!
For twenty years the Rock has an
swered, No!
Now breaks the tempest! now the light
nings leap!
And Boer and Briton join in final strife.
And we, afar, bewildered sit. and keep
Hushing the thoughts that cut us like
a knifp.
Are we not Britons, too, in speech and
blood 0
Can we curse them and bless the al'en
brood?
Britor.s, but not such Briton? we: for lo!
These men who goad the patient Boer
to -day
Are heirs of those who struck th' in
sensate blow
At Lexington and Concord. Tories they.
Whose hands have smitten Freedom's
form, alas!
In all her strifes with privilege and
class.
Not these cur kindred! no, we spurn the
claim.
But rather those whose voices have
been bold.
For love ot England, to avert this shame
And break the spell hypnotic cast by
gold.
Oh.' for one hour of Gladstone's voice
to ;ilead
Thp cause of God against the claims
of Creed.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE LAST SPIKE-Subscriber, City.
The last Bpike to connect the Union and
railroads at Promontory,
I 'tab, was driven on Monday, May 10.
1869.
ART INSTITUTE— M. L. X., Vallejo,
Cal. The Hopkins Institute of Art is open
» v ry day from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. On the
first Friday in each month there is no
charge for admission.
JAMES CAREY— A. O. S., City. James
. the "approver," was shot dead by
Patrick O'Donnell not In Ireland but on
board of the Melro; Port
Elizabeth. South Africa, July 29, 1883.
BIRTH OF CHRlST— Subscriber, City.
The precise date of the birth of Jesus
Christ cannot be determined, but it is
now generally fixed a few years— at least
commenci rn< nt of the
Christian era In the accepted chronology
The reckoning of dates from the bii
Christ . til! A. D. 525 when
the present era was fixed by Dionysus
Exiguus, an abbot at Rome
FRANCISCAN PISTERS-A. S., San
Jose, Cal. In the list of religious orders of
women appear the following branches of
• the Catholic church:
iscan Sisters, genera] mothorhouse
Z Kollen, near Paderh.m. Germany-
F ranoiscan Sisters (tor colored missions)'
mn xr rh w 8e T at^, St - * tar >' s Abbey. Mill
Hill. N. \\. London, England; Franciscan
Sisters of the Perpetual Adoration, moth
erhouse. T,arrosse. Wis. ; Franciscan Sis
ters of Christian Charity, mnth.-r house at
Alverno Wis.; Franciscan Sisters of the
Sa :red Heart, motherhouse at Joliet 111 •
Franciscan Sisters of the Immaculate
< onceptlon, motherhouse at Little Falls
Minn. Such Bisters are sent to do mission
ary work.
"The Canossianes of the United States"
or of any other country does not appear in
the list o? Catholic orders for women
VICTORIA'S CHILDREN— H. C. G..
Tipton, Cal. The following is a list of the
children of Queen Victoria and those they
In Next Sunday's Call
NOVEMBER 12, 1899.
. •
! HOW I CONDUCTED
♦ DIVINE SERVICE ON THE
: FIRING LINE.
\ By REV. CHARLES M. DALEY of the ♦
♦ South Dakota Volunteers ♦
♦ ' «
INTERIOR VIEWS ♦
OF ADMIRAL DEWEY'S I
: new home. :
♦ ♦
j THE PEARL DIVERS OF SULU.
♦ •
j FOUND IN THE PHILIPPINES, j
J By GENERAL CHARLES KING.
| CULTIVATING TEA IN AMERICA.
: BOOK REVIEWS
j BY PROF- H- B. LATHROP j
f Of Stanford University. ♦
» ♦
CALIFORNIA'S PRETTIEST GIRLS
DOMESTIC SCIENCE, FASHIONS. THEAT-
RICAL STARS, AND A DOZEN
♦ OTHER INTERESTING FEATURES
The Magazine Section of the Sunday Call
is now recognized as the most interesting and
artistic Sunday supplement published on the
Pacific Coast.
married- Victoria Adelaide, Princess Roy
al to crown Prince of Pr o died
June 1888: Alberi Edward, :
Wales, to Princess Alexandra ol
mark: Alice Maud Mary, Grand ■
f Hesse to \. ■•■■■:> IV, Gi and I
Hessejwho died in 1892; Alfr. I ■
Saxe-fcoburg Duke <*f Edinburgh. .to
I Duchess Marie, daught< r
ander 11. Emperor of Russia; (
; Princess Christian, I
1 Christian wig-Holstein; L
Marchioness of Lome, to M
Lome; Arthur, Duke of Con
Princess Louise of Prussia: L<
of Albany, ro Prim i i •< of
deck-Pyrmont; Beatrice Mary V
Feodore. to Prince Henry of Battenberg,
who died in ISM.
NAVAL ACADEMY-O. M. S., St. He
lena. Cal. Candidates for admission into
the United States Naval Acamedy at An
napolis, Md., must undergo a physical ex
amination and an examination in a!;.
arithmetic. English grammar, geogi
United States history, reading. <
and spelling; must take the oath i I
glance to the Federal Governmeni
agree to servo thf- Government cor
years unless sooner discharged. The first
three years course Includes English stu
dies, history, French. Spanish or German,
algebra, geometry (including descriptive
and analytical) trigonometry, calculus,
mechanics, astronomy, physics, chemistry,
mechanical draw;:;-' and seamanship; In
iirth year there is the same for both
divisions of 'the class in naval construc
tion, methods of least squares, applied
mechanics, electricity, hygiene, while
the cadets in the line division pursue a
course in seamanship, ordnance, gunnery,
infantry tactics, navigation, survi
compass deviation; those in the engineer
division receive a separate course of in
struction in marine boilers and engines
and in designing machinery.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Fred Dofld, the Fresno hotel man, is a
guest at the Lick.
Fritz Schroeder. a traveler from Ger
many, Is registered at the Palace.
E. H. Brill, a leading business man of
Honolulu, is a guest at the Occidental.
T. Erskine and family have taken
rooms at the Occidental for the winter.
T. J. Field, the Monterey banker, has
come up to the city and is staying at the
Palace.
J. Daulton, a wealthy fruit rais-er oC
Madera, 13 registered for a short stay at
the Lick.
Dr. Clarke Bunham has returned from
his Eastern trip much benefited by the
rest it afforded him.
Manuel Espanisa, a wealthy merchant
of Mexico, Is a guest at the Occidental,
where he arrived yesterday.
Dr. C. W. Jones, one of the leading
medical men of Grass Valley, is among
the recent arrivals at the Grand.
L. Carterri, one of the most extensive
ranchers in the vicinity of Santa Bar
bara, is among the arrivals of yesterday
at the Grand.
M. L. McDonald Jr., son of the Santa
Rosa capitalist, is registered at the Occi
dental, where he arrived last evening
from his home.
J. R. Drexel, the young New York mil
lionaire, is a guest at the Palace, where
he arrived last evening, accompanied by
his valet, on a pleasure trip to the coast.
Dr. and Mrs. E. H. Lake, who have just
returned from their honeymoon trip
through the south, were tendered a re
ception by Mrs. Bradford Webster last
evening at her home in Oakland.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
Representative Barbour of Santa Rosa
is at the Ebbitt House. Charles Lloyd of
of San Francisco is at Chamberlain's. J.
C. Rose of Los Angeles is at the Shore
ham.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Wedekind Convicted.
Oregon T. Wedekind was convicted by
a Jury yesterday in the United States
District Court of sending obscene letters
through the mails to his wife. He will
be sentenced this morning.
Tourist Excursions.
PERSONALLY conducted Tourist Excursionsv
with latest improved Pullman Vestibuled Sleep
ing Cars, through from California to St. Paul,
St. Louis, Chicago and Boston, every Sunday,
Wednesday and Friday. Get full information at
62S Market Et.
Angostura Blttera is Indorsed by ler.dlng
physicians for purity and wholesomeness. Get
the genuine— Dr. Siegert's.
Many causes Induce gray hair, but Parker's
Hair Balsam brings back the youthful color.
Hlnderccrns, the b«pt -~ure for corns. 15 cent*.
California Limited.
SANTA FE ROUTE— Connecting: train !«aves
at 5, Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Satur
day, giving passengers ample time to see LoS
Angeles and Pasadena. Finest equipped train
and best track or any line to the East.PERSONNEL OF
CONVENTION TO
STORE FLOODS
State Will Be Fully
Represented.
LEGISLATORS ARE INCLUDED
DITCH COMPANIES WILL SEND
DELEGATES.
Partial Roll Indicates the General In
terest Concerning the Very Im
portant Subject of Water
Preservation.
Many letters were received yesterday at
the headquarters of the California Asso
ciation for the Storage of Flood Waters.
all indicating that the convention to open
next Tuesday morning will be well at
tended. Senators, Assemblymen, mem
bers of the faculty of the University of
California and of Stanford University,
representatives of water-power, ditch and
irrigation companies, Supervisors, May
ors and presidents of Boards of Town
Trustees, civil engineers and a delegation
■>f representatives at large will make up
as representative a body as it has been
possible to get together. Several Boards
of Supervisors have failed to name dele
gates; one or two boards have declined
to be represented.
Among the names of those who have
agreed to attend the convention are the
following Senators: Dickinson, Bettman,
Uraunhart, Morehouse and Taylor; also
Assemblymen Anderson. Belshaw, Boone.
Brooks, Brown, dough, Fairweather,
FHiz. Jilson, Knowland, !.■ Baron,
Haub and Works. Delegates tenting
Chambers of Commerce and kindred or
ganizations have been elected as follows:
Fresno Chamber of Commerce — O. J.
Woodward, J. S. Eastward; H. B. Choice,
Oakland Board of Trade— Arthur R. Wil
son, E. W. Marston, Dr. N. K. Foster;
Sacramento Chamber of Commerce-
Frank Miller. William - law, L. F. Hat
rield; San Francisco Chamber of Com
merce—Arthur R. Briggs, Lsidor Jacobs,
Juiian Sonntag; California State Board
of :. Trade— Orrin S. Henderson, N. W.
Spauldi.ng. B. N. Rowley; Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association— A. Sbarboro,
James W. Kerr; San Francisco Mer
chants'. Association— Frank J. Symmes
Marshal Hale, Charles Bundsehu; Prod
uce Exchange-G. W. McNear, Juda
Newman. A. B. Costlgan, E. \v Fer
guson; Santu Clara Board of Trade—Pro
fessor E.- E. Smith, L. F. Graham, E.
Deutsch; Visalia Board <-,f Trade— E. C
Jarnsworth, A. G. Wishon. George T.
Frost. Bert McF. Donbie; Stockton
Merchants' and Manufacturers' Associa
tion— G.enrgo E. Catts. P. A. Buell.
• Among, tne representatives of water
:coihp«nies will bo p. s. Fo >rman repre
senting- tho Mokelumn^ and Campo Seco
• "anal and Manufacturing Company; John
McMullen of the Enterprise Canal and Ir
rigation Company of Fresno; W. P.
Boone/ secretary of the Alia irrigation
.district; W. S. Tevis and Frank 1. Rice
'< the Lakeside Ditch Company. T. H.
Williams of the Pioneer Water mpany
and Charles Van Norden of the Central
California E!>etrlc Power Company.
\i Boards of Supervisors have elected dele-
Bates, from Assembly districts as : Hows:
. Fifteenth District. C. R. Downs. E. S.
BaiTney and William J. M Gee Nineteenth
District. W. T. Kelly. C. P. Stevens and
refer Gook; Twenty-eighth. Lewis Bying
torr,-Albert Heyer and William H. Phel[iK;
Sixty-sixth, Major F. A. Rice, Solomon
Jewett and L. A. Hicks.
' The list of delegates is not completed by
any means. There will probably be 500 In
attendance. The list of delegates appoint
ed by the association embraces many
prominent men. Among city officials and
<*h;iinn<-n of Boards of Trustees re the
'following: H. D. Rowe. Oakland: W. H.
Martin. Pleasanton: M. Christensen Rio
Ms.ta; Charles G. Rogers} Monrovia; John
. G.- Brick. Alameda; O. L. Clark, Chico;
Fred Eaton, Los Angeles; Charles
jFranceei Salinas: W. H. Harrison and C.
E. .Williams. Stockton.
Southern California is expected to s^nd
full delegations.
Gave His Transfer Away
■■•••'," r employed
. was ar
the corner of Powell
by Policeman i
il v Prison on a
■-i v a transfer. I
fer from the Jackson
.: • t line (
clock, and I 'I;!:
ially detailed for th»»
■ arresi. ;
Immediate-
— ■ ♦ ■
Arrested on Suspicion
Arthur Rawson, ex
trrested in Powell -■
•' ■ ■•'■ John H. i 'olon and
and charged at the
•a it h vagrancy.
i 1 i eel e ton ki
. iver on the prl I 'lther
. t of himse
■
ive two clever crooks in
Rawson.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. Braciish, or Detroit, Wrote
Mrs. Pinkham and Tells the Result.
[LETTER TO MRS. riNKHAJJ NO. 82,310]
"About two years ago I began to run
down and soon became almost a wreck.
I lost my appetite and began to lose
flesh ; my blood was impoverished and
I had to leave our store.
" The doctors gave me a little tonic,
but I steadily grew worse and consulted
another doctor. He helped me in some
ways, but my headaches continued, and
I began to have night sweat* and my
rest was so disturbed that I would have
hysteria and would cry and worry over
business matters and my poor health.
:. "Finally, husband took me South, but
with no benefit. This was a year ago ;
no one can ever know what a winter of
misery I spent. Would bloat after
eating and was troubled with palpita*
lion of heart and whites. Having read
by happy chance of your medicine, I
bought it and wrote for your advice,
and before having finished the first
bottle of Lydia E. Hnkham's Vegetable
Compound, the hysterics nearly stopped
and I slept soundly.
: " I used seven or eight bottles with
such benefit that I am as healthy as I
can ever remember of being. I shall
. never cease to sound your praises." —
Mrs. E. M. JJradisii, 179 Dix Aye.,
Detroit, Mich.
. Mrs. Pinkham's advice is at the free
' disposal of every ailing woman who
wishes help. Her address is Lynn, Mass.
Every case is redly confidential.
•_ ' .
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE 0/ DENTAL
SURGERY,
Ciner McAllister and I-arkln streets, la now
open for the admission of students. Apply to
\S. \Y. DENNIS. M. D.. D. D. 8., dean at the
college, of A. D. 'I!. EAVES, D. D. 8.. assistant
' (]rnn. 412 Parrot 1 building.
. NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
I/EARNT AND WASHINGTON STB.— RE-
** modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO.' European plan. Rooms, 50c to $1 M day;
|5 to $? week; $S to *20 month. Free baths; hot
*ad cold water ev»ry room; Ore grates la every
torn: elevsror rut» all night. V
HEAVY RAIN IN
MANY SECTIONS
Farmers Anticipate a
Good Harvest.
Special r»BV>atch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 10.— rain fell
all night and up to noon to-day, when the
clouds broke away, but gathered again
later, and the prospects: are rood for more
rain, as the wind still stays in the south
east. The rainfall for the month Is 1.02
inches, and for the season 6.50 inches,
against one inch to an equal date last
year. The rain for the past two days
has been warm and vegetation is growing
rapidly. 'While the ground in most parts
of the county Is too wet for plowing, the
grain that ha* been sown looks well and
feed is coming on fast. The ground is
well soaked down to the bedrock, and
the present supply would be sufficient,
with light seasonable rains later in the
winter and spring, to insure a good crop.
NAPA, Nov. 10.— A heavy rain fell last
night, with frequent showers throughout
the day. The total rainfall for the sea
sod is 8.5S inches; same date last year,
1.52 inches.
FRESNO, Nov. 10.— The farmers are all
busy plowing at present, the rain thus
far "being sufficient to admit of tilling tne
ground. The indications are that an ex
tra large acreage will be put in wheat
this year, as after two dry years the
wheat growers are looking forward to a,
good season this year. Clovis Cole, tho
largest farmer in California, who farmed
£o,oiX> acres last year, is not through har
vesting yet, but will get through in a few
weeks.
NIL/ES, Nov. 10.— After a week's threat- j
;md two days of light showers, j
a heavy downpour here to
day. Considerable grain and hay is yet
in the fields and the second crop of grapes '
wiH suffer, while plowing and pruning
will he stopped for some time yet. The i
- doing much good, as it is giving
rmera assuram f another good
: 3. The rainfall up n> G o'clock ]
it for the storm was .57 of an inch,
making a total of 4.09 inches for the sea
son, as compared to 2.~'> inches to the
same date last year. This is the hr;i •
rainfall for this date since the fall of 1889.
SALINAS, Nov. 10.— A heavy rainstorm
started this morning. The barometer is I
low- and the wind favorable for a contin
uance. The precipitation is 2A*O inches for !
seasQß, against .27 of an inch this
lime last year.
S.\N JOSE, Nov. 10.— The rainfall for
hours ending at 8 o'clock
mini I >t bji inch; total for
3.48 inches; same date last
. 63 inches.
SANTA ROSA, Nov. 10.— The rainfall
was very heavy all over the county last
night and this morning. The Russian
Hivor rose almost as high as at any time
last season.
BURN, Nov. T\— The storm which
comment ed Wednesday night is almost
unprecedented as to precipitation. Throe
inches of rain have fallen, making 10
inches fur the season, aa against :* last
The W ' warm, and but
hull' snow has fallen in the mountains.
STO< X.TON, Nov. 10. After two days
of light rain and overcast skies the
clouds broke this evening and to-night
the promise of a riear day to-morrow is
k od. Tho fa: :i light all the
but the record for the nr>nth, ac
cording to the gauge at the Ii
is .89 "f an Inch, making 4. f'3 incnes
tor the season, against l.'So Inches I
same date last year. All the damage
ould be done by the rain was done
time ago, though the pr<
will increase the moisture in the ground
and delay plowing. The farmers an
g , . get anxious and the croaker
idy believes the ground will
dry out enough fur him to put in his
plows.
■ DIEGO, Nov. 10.— It Is cloudy here
Icationa are tor rain.
iownpour is greatly
it would start up farming operat
RAIN WAS GENERAL.
Northern Part of the State Fared
Better Than the Southern.
"The storm that has been with us for
the past forty-fight hours," said Weather
Official McAdie last evening, "has been
very general throughout the State. A
tremendous quantity of water has fallen
In the northern anrt central divisions, but
the southern portion, which needs it most,
seems to have been overlooked in the dis
tribution of pluvial favors. There was a
slight fall in San Diego and Fresno re
ceived just about enough to wet the
ground.
•"The bipgfst rain of this storm has
been in Santa Rosa, which registered a
fall of 1.0.5 Inches, making a total of 7.f»u
against 1.69 (or the same period last sea
son, ■ alistoga comes next with a fall of
.'Si in the last twenty-four hours, which
Is a total of 10.19 for the season, against
1.72 hist year, In this city the (all up to
G o'clock last night was .81, a total of \:.\Z
for the season. All the records show an
increase In rainfall over last season; and
the benefits that will be derived are in
calculable. It means a great deal of
water for the mines and wherever water
power is used; it means food for cattle
and that the farmers may now get to
work plowing the ground. It will also
have ;l tendency to put money in circula
tion, as it will dispel that uncertainty
which prevails regarding the weather in
this State. Some people have an idea that
the climate is changing here, but that
idea is not borne out by the conditions
which prevail.
"From report! just received there Is a
heavy storm off Vancouver, it having
moved up there from the Oregon coast.
There are thunder-storms at Eureka and
Baker City and a good high wind blowing
at the rate of sixty-three miles at Fort
Canby. This means more showers, for
San Francisco. The wind is now south
west, but will most likely shift back to
southeast again, [calculate however, that
we will have clearing weather Saturday
afternoon."
The following Is the rainfall up to yes
terday for this and last year:
Red Bluff, this year, 4.10; last year, 0.9 V
mento, this year, K.Ofi: last year, 1.00.
Hun Franclßco, this year, 4.32; last year, 1.92.
Fresno, thlF yr.r. 2.40, last year, 1.15. [nde
pr-mlen'-e, this year, 0.37; last year, 0.31. San
1. v(.« Obinpo, this year, 4.24; last year.-O.F.'i.
Ixis \;>i;el^s, this year, 1.57; last year, O.IM.
San Diego, this year. 0 42; last year, 0.07.
Yuma, this year, 0.08; IhFt year. 0. 11.
Mr. McAdie yesterday received an offer
from th» Johns Hopkins University to
become one of its stall of professors. The.
request was worded in a highly compli
mentary vein and means practically th.->
selection of Mr. McAdie to fill the chair
of meteorology. After maturely consider
ing the proposition In all Its bearings, Mr.
McAdie conclude not to accept arid sent
the following telegram in answer to the.
invitation:
I fully appreciate the offer, but my duties ;
and the problem! of the eoa«t make me think
that In tho bureau's Interests I rtiould remain
here, McADIE.
PAUNCEFOTE'S THANKS.
Appreciates Kindly Sentiments of
Americans Toward Him.
■WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.— Lord Paunce
fote, the British Embassador, has been
very much touched by the many kind no
tices which have appeared in the United
States press on the subject of his eleva
tion to the peerage. He wishes to take
the earliest opportunity after his return
to the United States to express through
tho Associated Press his grateful appre
ciation of the manner in which not only
those with whom he has been brought
Into official and private relation, but the
American public generally, have received
the news of the honor conferred upon
him. Lord Pauncefote would wish also
to convey by this channel to those to
whom he has not been able to offer his
thanks personally, his cordial acknowl
edgments of their friendly sentiments and
for the congratulations they have been
pood enough to offer to him on this oc
casion.
PURSUING HIGHWAYMEN.
roVELO, Nov. 10.— It la now believed
that the highwaymen who robbed Frei
tag's saloon at Usal are two men known
as "Dutch" Henry and Dunn. They are
professional gamblers and make their
headquarters In Eureka. Warrants have
be*n Issued for their arrest, and posaea
will go Into the mountains in search 6f
the robbers. One party will be headed by
Denuty Sheriff Stevenson of l«al and the
other by Officer Redwine of this city.
Fx-Sherlff Stanley says he will organize
another posse in case the other men fail.
Freltag ha» offered a reward of JluOO for
the capful* of the men.
THE PAN FBAN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1599.
PRISON DIRECTORS
IN A DEADLOCK
Unableto Choose a Suc
cessor to Aull.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL., Nov. 10.— Since the
death of Warden Aull of Folsom Prison
more than a month has elapsed and dur
ing that period two meetings of the Board
of State Prison Directors have been held,
one at Folsom and one at San Quentin.
Rumors are rife of various influences be
ing at work to place Captain of the
Guards R. J. Murphy in charge of tho
institution.
Director Devlin -was the first man to
come out and advocate Murphy as Aull's
successor and In a short time he won
Director Hayes, the only other Repub
lican member of the board, over to his
way of thinking.
President Fitzgerald stands out for
Thomas Wilkinson, commissary at San
Quentin Prison under ex-Warden Hale,
while from tho best information that can
be obtained Directors Ray and Wllkins
aro in favor of the selection of William
L. A she. It Is known that Ashe is mak
ing a hard fight for the position, but the
probability at present is that a "dark
horse" will be elected warden. Several
are In the field whose names have not
been given publicity, and it is stated that
the Democratic merrfbers have agreed
that in no event will any of them vote
for a Republican. The board may break
the deadlock to-morrow at San Quentin
I'rison.
INHERITANCE TAX FUNDS.
Dickinson Will Decide Its Availa-
bility for School Purposes.
Attorney John H. Dickinson yesterday
addressed t.> Auditor Wells a commu
nication in which he outlines clearly just
what channels the moneys which will
fall to this city from the inheritance tax
must take before they are available. Upon
the question of whether or not money
so derived may be used in paying off back
salary claims of teachers, General Dick
inson Is not at this time prepared to ren
der an opinion, but with Attorney Cres
well will go to Sacramento on Wednes
day next for the purpose of discussing
that point with State authorities. His let
ter to the Auditor was as follows:
A?a R. Wells Ksq., Auditor, City Hall. San
Francisco, Cal. — Dear Sir: In re your author
ity over moneys derived from the Inheritance
tax.
This money has all to go Into the State
treasury, and between the Ist and loth days of
!er ar.l May of each year. It then go?e
Into the State school fund. Th* Controller of
.-■ ite certifies to the Superintendent of PuWlo
Instruction, on tlie first Mondays of January
and July, the amount of money In school fund.
■ ■ ■ . rtionment. Then the Superin
tendent 'if Public Instruction apportions it.
Apportionment Is made according to the num
ber of - us children. Aft^r the
tlonment is made Pan Francisco' • pro|
■ money returns to her treasury and for
the first time becomes a subject for your con
';..n.
There are some questions of law and practice
Which are I :-'ied [n connection with
this matter before I can give you a decisive
enable me I lo bo intelligently
-r consult with the three Stnte officers,
the Treasurer, Controller and Superintendent of
Public Instruction, nn<l Mr. Creswell who hus
r< presi ast litigation Ii de
sirous that hp ami I should wait upon those
officers, and I think It would be well for us to
and If It meets with your approval 1 will
nto on Wednesday
: that purpose. Very respectfully,
JOHN H. DICKINSON.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
WILL LECTURE TO-NIGHT
Head of the University of California
to Describe the Olympian
Games of 1896.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of the
University oi California, will deliver an
illustrated to nisjht In Metro poli
remple on "The Olympian Games of
Athens." The | C the lecture will
be presented to the Associated Students
uf the University of California.
[dent \\ heeler was one of the inter
natlonai jury in charge of the famous
Olympian games, held in Athens In L 896,
in which th<- mi' rnational championship
was won by an American team. He acted
as judge ra the finish, and availed hlm
portunlty to take a great
many photographs of the panva, which
hf has made Into lantern Elides. <>n his
return from Europe he gave a lecture on
to Ihe stud( nta at ( Cornell.
This met with such success that ho was
Invited to give the lecture at nearly all
the l ■ m colleges. The popular
ity <>f the lecture la attested by the fact
that he has given the same lecture for
us benefits, i!" less than six times, .it
. i] University alone, and its popular
- never diminish* <!.
this will mark Professor Wheeler's
first public appearance In this city it la
i '■•■! that a lar^i- attendance will greet
him. II" is an entertaining talker, and has
iject thai gives him everj opportu
nity to display his abilities. A lnrgo dele
gation from Berkeley and Stanford and
from the university and other clubs have
L.d to 1" present. The Berkeley and
Olympic Elevens will also be In attend
ance. Reserved Beats may be obtained at
the Emporium box office, of K. T. Allen
Company and at the hall this evening.
VERMONTERS MAKE MERRY.
Native Sons of the Maple Sugar State
Vocalize in Black Face.
The Pacific ('oust Association of Native
of Vermont gave a minstrel per
ace at Odd Fellows' Hall last night.
A large audience enjoyed the show and
red every number on the lengthy and
■ nt. programme. F. A. (irlfnng,
when singing "Because I Love You."
looked .is sweet as the maple sugar of bis
native Staie. The members of the dusky
semicircle were the following: C. T. Ja
cobus, it. Hanigan, F. A. Grifflng, I".
ll. ss. <;. Lamb, I>. B. Hanlon. F. Ffgoni,
\V. \V. Brackett and J. Horondo. A social
and dance followed the minstrels.
Ladies' Aid Society.
The Ladles' Aid Society of Fair Oaks
Camp No. 15, Bona of Veterans, I. S. A..
gave its first entertainment and danc<- last
ng in ill-' Assembly Hall of the U' 'i
Men's building. Despite th« unploa.sa.nt
weather there was a good attendance of
- and gentlemen, who were treated to
.in excellent programme by Brot-dasa tal
ent. Mrs. Laura K. George, Mrs. Hertha
Gallardo, Alexander Williams, Miss char
lotte M. Towle, Maurice Kramer, Miss
Alice G. Towle. \v. I-:. Bartlett Mips Elsie
Tooker. Miss Maxle Mitchell, the Brownie
Banjo Trio, William a Riley and George
11. Ryan entertained with s<«nps. Instru
mental selections and specialties, and
each was heartily encored. This was fol
lowed by a programme of ten dances, and
during the evening the guests were served
Icecream. Mrs. Laura Jean Handley, Mrs.
Esther Dunn, Mrs. Mary Watson, Mrs.
Laura B. George and Miss Alice j^onrd
man constituted the committee of ar
rangements. Mrs. Julia Duhem was the
man of the reception committee, and
William Erwln Lnwrance was the floor
manager.
Thief but Not a Vagrant.
Patrick Carroll was yesterday arrested
by D Ryan and ODea on a
: charge of petty larceny for stealing Bev
orul drills f--orn Bucktnan'a camp, which
be was trying t'> Bell In a junk store on
Howard f-treet When lie was taken to
the City Prison a charge of vagrancy
i was also booked against him and he pro
tested loudly that he was not a vagrani
and threatened to do something dreadful
to the letectlvea for putting such a
: charge against him. Tie was arrested
; about eight months ago while he was
watchman for John Kelso, tho contractor,
f. >r Bteallng Implements and pawning
th<-m, and since his release from the
iv Jail he has been on the downward
grade.
Died on the Desert.
MOJAVfi, Nov. 10.— About twenty-five
miles from Mojave in a northeasterly di
rectlon a man about fis or 70 years of age
was found lying dead, face downward, as
If aaleep, by T. <"htrk, president of the
Miners' union. Mr. Clark reported the
to Deputy Constable Clow, who no-
Ufled Coroner Buckruae of Kern County.
Thi inquest was held here to-day. Noth
ing to Identify the man was found on the
body. The jury rendered a verdict of
death from causes unknown, but it was
apparently from thjrst or exhaustion,
ELIZABETH LUNG
HAS SIPPED HER
WINE TOO OFTEN
Her Husband Secures
a Divorce.
AWARDED BY JUDGE MURASKY
>
HABITUAL INTEMPERANCE IS
THE GROUND NAMED.
No Mention of Alimony Was Made in
the Decree, but the Plaintiff
Will Provide for Err
ing Defendant.
Dr. George A. Lung, surgeon of the
United States cruiser Philadelphia, after
months of litigation has finally secured
a decree of divorce from his wife, Eliza
beth Lung, on the ground of habitual in
temperance. Judge Murasky ordjered a
record of the. decree made late yesterday
afternoon, and the gallant navy surgeon
is now a free man.
In his complaint for divorce Dr. Lung
charged his wife with habitual intemper
ance. Witnesses from Port Royal, on the
Atlantic seaboard, and from the Ha
waiian Islands, from the Norfolk navy
yard and this city were taken into court
to substantiate the plaintiff's charges.
Depositions from these points were also
secured, all bearing on Mrs. Lung's love
for liquor, and were read In evidence. Mrs.
Lung, In defense, charged her husband
with cruelty, claimed that at one time he
locked her up in a closet and afterward
choked her. The trial occupied several
days and was heard behind closed doors.
On one occasion Mrs. Lung created a sen
sation by assaulting Ben True, tho de
tective, in the corridor outside the court,
and then, after startling the court by her
sudden entrance, fainted away. On an
other occasion Dr. Lung caused a sus
pension of the hearing by breaking down
on the stand, and later the attorneys In
the case engaged in a battle of fists that
was only ended by the plaintiff after he
had received several well-directed kicks
on the shins.
When the testimony was all In George
D. Collins, who represented Mrs. Lung,
contended that even If the evidence sup
ported the plaintiff's contentions he could
not secure a decree of divorce in the
courts of this State, as he was not a legal
resident. The matter of residence was
argued for some time and then submitted
on briefs. Yesterday, however. Judge
Murasky decided ti.at the plaintiff was
entitled to sue in the courts of this city;
that his allegations were based on fact,
and in consequence he was entitled to a
decree of divorce as prayed for, which
was granted. No provision for alimony
was made, but Dr. Lung voluntarily
agreed to pay Mrs. Lung tSO a month as
long as she required that sum for her
maintenance.
ORPHEUM'S PARISIAN
NOVELTY NOT SUCH A
NOVELTY AFTER ALL
ONE mupt applaud, of course. And
th*>n one must leave the Orpheum
:.nd talk, talk frequently and volu
bly of the auburn-haired Parisian
novelty, the bewitching Cornllle. For be
witching she surely must be — It has been
sakl bo. And she. with her auburn hair,
is head-liner this week, and applause was
surely Intended. She appears at the end
of {h.> second period, when expectation
Is all a-tiptoe, and as long as one has '
<\; rp<], he must believe that there was ;
something to expect.
Marguerite Cornllle if heavy and stifling !
of atmosphere and jangling of voice. She j
savors or the overheated, clattering cafe. |
Hf-r French souks are unintelligible to
most of the audience, and her beauty Is !
no such liiiKuint as Anna Held's. The De
phruKg*><l and be-llpped rendering of coon
songp might be fetching if that same In
genuous Anna had not Introduced it in
the early days of coonery, when "Ah
wants yuh, ma honey" was In Its spring
time and when the singer appeared at I
dollar-and-a-half houses, and need not |
resort to an automobile race in order to :
till them. What with the wellworn oripr- I
Inator and imitators who have helped to I
run her. as well as themselves, Into the i
ground. Miss Held's |ilc;is are well known |
to us. We 'i" noi need Mile, Cornllle to
reiterate them. But she Is called a nov- I
elty, so there must really be something '
new about her. if one does not discover
it. then it is well to take it for granted.
Lei us applaud and discuss.
Earlier in the evening I-oulse Dresser
and her pickaninnies have come and
gone. She is pink and white and green
as ever, fresh and sweet as buttermilk
and cinver fields and summer flirtations.
She meets her audience on the frankest
American terms, and the audience re
sponds to a man. But Cornille — ah, well,
applause is the thing expected.
♦ • »
T never meant to accuse the Tivoll of
"Inanity." Far from it. "Quantity" I
wrote, or tried to. 1 shall buy a copybook
to-morrow and practice capital Q.
SAUAII riiMSTOCK.
TO AID NEEDY ACTORS.
Local Managers Organize Perma-
nently for Charitable Purposes.
Thf> mnnnpement of the Columbia, Cali
fornia. Orpheura, <irnnd Opera-house, Al
razar, Tivoll, Alhambra, Chutes and
Olympla bad a mertlnp yesterday at the
office of the Columbia Theater. They
formed an organization for the benefit
of sick and Ftranded actors, of which
Morris Meyerfeld Is the president. W. 11.
Leahy treasurer and Melville Marx secre
tary.
It was decided to plve a monster benefit
a t the Orphenm on Thursday afternoon,
Free Tickets
TO THB
Orpheum !
BUY YOUR
Lenox and
Ivory Soap
BAVE YOUR WRAPPERS AND
OET FREE TICKETS TO THE
ORPHEUM.
The Johnson-Locke
Mercantile Co.,
204 FRONT STREET,
BAN FRANCISCO,
Will Eichang-o for Lenox and Irory
Boap Wrappers
FREE TICKETS TO THE ORPHEUM
UNDER THE FALLOWING CON-
DITIONS:
If You Want a 25c Reserved Seat
B«nd 86 Wrappers of LENOX SOAP
Or 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
Or else send 15 Wrappers of LENOX
SOAP and 6 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
If You Want a 50c Reserved Seat
Send 60 Wrappers of LENOX BOAP
Or 2* Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
Or else send 25 Wrappers of LENOX
SOAP and 12 Wrappers of IVORY SOAP
December 14, the proceeds of ■which are
to serve as a fund for this charitable
purpose. John Morrissey, S. H. Fried
lander, Harry Morocco and Mark Than
were appointed a committee to arrange
for the benefit.
The managers of the theaters have done
a great deal for charity in this city, and
have never shown themselves unwilling to
aid a good cause. This is the first time
that they ask the public to aid their own
interests, or rather the interests of their
employes, and the necessary assistance
should not be withheld from them. Tne
secretary was instructed to write to Froh
man and the other leading Eastern man
agers for support, and as this organiza
tion will be a help to every manager there
Is no doubt that a large amount of tick
ets will be bought by these people. This
association is the first of its kind ever or
ganized in America, and it is quite a
credit to the managers of this city, who
by their action proved that they stand
together and are eager to work for each
other's benefit. By means of this organi
zation the support of an indisposed actor
will not fall upon the shoulders of one
management.
■ ♦ ■ ; .•
DEMANDS AN INVESTIGATION.
Cathedral, 59, V.M.1., Wants Author
of the Election Circular
Punished.
The following resolutions were adopted
by Cathedral Council No. 69, Y. M. 1., at
a meeting held Thursday night:
Whereas, On or about the first day of No
vember, 1R99. a certain circular was published
and distributed by some person or persons un
known, purporting to have emanated from the
Young Men's Institute ar.d requesting that the
guff rages of ihn=f- to whom it was addressed be
given to certain candidates for the reason that
they were Roman Catholics; and
Whereas. The circular aforesaid advertised
particularly the election of those candidates
who were members of the Young Men's Insti
tute; and
Whereas The circular aforesaid Is a malicious
libel, a reflection upon and a gross misrep
resentation of the aims and purposes of our
order; and
Whereas, It Is reasonable to suppose that the
purpose of the aforesaid circular was to create
In the mind of the public of San Francisco a
prejudice against and a feeling hostile to the
Young Men's Institute. Therefore be it
Resolved, That we, the members of Cathedral
Council No. 59, Young Men's Institute, In reg
ular meeting assembled, demand that th^ B ard
of Grand Directors, representing the Grand
Council of the Pacific Jurisdiction of the Young
Men's Institute, thoroughly investieate the
origin of eaid circular, with a view of ascer
taining and exposing its author or authors; and
be It further
Resolved, That we pledge to said Board of
Grand Directors our heartiest support and most
earnest co-operation; and be it further
Resolved. That these resolutions be spread
upon the minutes of our council and copies
hereby sent to the dally press and the Insti
tute Journal for publication.
An Excellent Combination.
1 The pleasant method and beneficial
' effects of the well known remedy,
, Syrup of Figs, manufactured by the
i California Fig Syruf Co., illustrate
j the value of obtaining 1 the liquid laxa-
tive principles of plants known to be
medicinally laxative and presenting
them in the form most refreshing to the
taste and acceptable to the system. It
is the ono perfect strengthening laxa-
tive, cleansing the system effectually,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
; gently yet promptly and enabling one
to overcome habitual constipation per-
manently. Its perfect freedom from
i ! every objectionable quality and sub-
i I stance, and its acting on the kidneys,
liver and bowels, without weakening
; j or irritating them, make it the ideal
! laxative.
In the process of manufacturing figs
are used, as they are pleasant to the
taste, but the medicinal qualities of the
remedy are obtained from senna and
other aromatic plants, by a method
! known to the California Fig Syrup
I Co. only. In order to get its beneficial
j effects and to avoid imitations, please
; remember the full name of the Company
printed on the front of every package.
CALIFORNIA FIG SYRUP CO.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
i I<OTJIBVTLLE. XT. NEW YORK, V. Y.
For eale by all Druggists.— Price 50c. per bottle
EQUITABLE
OIL COMPANY.
Land Located In the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing Wells.
Midway Between
; Goalinga and McKittrick Districts,
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now for
Bale for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco. Cal. .
T899-TAXES-1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
' first installment of Real Estate Taxes and all
1 unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
! quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY.
I November 27. at 6 o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING. NOVEMBER 18.
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
! EVENINGS, November 24 and 25. from 7 to J
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of the City and County of San
Francisco.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
BOSOTBF.SPAIK! DonotSuf-
rfSSs7K«L fer Longer! The Joys ami ambitions of
J^Rrafl life can bo restored to you. The very
BBftf ■ Wl worstcasosof Nervou« Debility are
SnO NOT DESPAIR ! Do notSuf
fer Longer! The Joys anil ambitions of
life can be restored to you. The very
worstcasesof Nervou» Ocblllly »r»
abjolutelv cured by PERFEOTO
•»i, -J ReL TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
(SS •^TjAajeomnia tailing memory and th* waste
(YUVjoj(ffS# nil d drain of vital powers. Incurred by
'Tvf/'«b' indiscretions or excesses of ««rly years.
i-*-\J6J*v"^ Impart and potency to every func-
tion Brace up the system. Give bloom to the
cheek* and lustre to the eyes of £^|Yvoungor old.
One f>Oc tint renews vital energy. fjlfje boxes at
ti.iil (i i-Dinpletogiiaranteedfure^arnyor money re-
funded. Can be carried In vest '■*' pocket. Sold
, everywhere. or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
pries by TUB FEKFECTO CO., Caxtoa Bide., Chicago, 111.
Bold by Owl Drug Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
P. ChlchMtcrV KncUnh Diamond Kraad. *'-
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_<w--v Original anil Only GenBlo«. A
- ./TKV\ safe, a!wa,T! rsllablo. ladies tit /SfV
* S\ U-AH Drufrjlil for Chichettert English I>-a/f\&
t*<4*s'^^Q m <">J Brand In Ked and GvU aeMllaSfusS?
' Srx — OttKjboiea, »«»lod with blue ribbvn. Take \£F
■M «i^k WJbo other. Rtfu** dang*rn.i tubititu. ▼
I*l =^ AftUmt and imitati-ns. At Droggiiu, or mi t*.
I C- 2g In ettrapi! for ptrtiealaM, tcitlujonlils as<
I »• B "* Kcllof Tor I.«d lc»," in litter, by return
1 Jk IF MalL 10,000 T'itinoniali. Kaon Paptr.
> — ' — rCW<-hc«ter OSenlcal Oa^Madisoa Bqß«r*
mU all I-oc»l :)rucc:sU. PtUt A I»A.. V&
ft ■ f-|" nAiiil Corner Fourth and
PnLI UllUnl Market. S. F. Try
I l\rr Kill 111 ° ur Special Brew
Will L. IIUIHL Overcoats and
Will L. llVltll— ( . Overcoats and
1 .Valises checked free. ,
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. -
LABORATORY OF THE DUFFY MALT WHISKEY COMPANY.
PFor over forty years the one great remedy for all diseases
of the lungs and throat has been
Malt Whiskey
For Medicinal Use
There would be no Consumption. Bronchitis, Grip or Whooping Cough
if every family kept a bottle of DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY in the house
and administered it to any member of the family at the approach of a cold
or cough. As soon as you feel the first symptoms, take a tablespoonful in a
glass of water and continue to do so three times a day until all signs of the
cough or cold have disappeared. DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY not only
CURES
the cough and heals the lungs, but it stimulates the blood to healthy action. It is
the greatest germ killer and curative known to science. Over seven thousand
doctors prescribe and recommend it for Crip, Consumption, Bronchitis, and
all diseases of the throat and lungs, on account of its absolute purity and excellence.
DUFFY'S PURE MALT is the only Whiskey taxed by the Government
as a medicine. This is a guarantee. Be sure you get the genuine. Beware
of imitations. Druggists usually sell it. If yours does not, a bottle will ba
sent you, prepaid, for $1.00. Six for $5.00. DUFFY'S FORMULA for Consump-
tion, $1.00 a bottle. Book of valuable information sent free on application.
Duffy Malt Whiskey Co., Rochester, N. Y.
AMUSEMENTS.
Thousands Greet the New Bill
With Enthusiasm!
MATINEE TO DAY, Sat., Nov. 11.
Parquet. 25c, any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
CORNILLE, the auburn - haired Parisian
beauty and the biggest hit in town. Her "ing-
Ing, her acting-, her dazzling beauty and char
of manner have never been surpassed by any
artist. Jerome and Alexis, Leo Carle, GoKßln
and Davis. Lola Cotton, the Biograph, Jack
Norworth. Merritt and Murdock, Louise Dresser
and her Pickaninnies.
NOTICE.— On and after Sunday next the
front rows of the balcony will be reserved at
25c for Sunday matinee, same as at evening
performance.
COLUMBIA*^
MATINEE TO-DAY 75c. 800 and 2Sc
To-night and Sunday— Times,
MATHEWS AND BULGER
In the Up-to-Date Version of
"BY THE SAD SEA WAVES."
NEXT MONDAY Broadhul^ 0 9 se G n r ree ce r at Laugh "
"WHY SMITH LEFT HOME."
Can You Do Bad Cooking Worse?
SEATS NOW READY.
PRICES, $1, 75c, 50c and 25c.
CALIFORNIA THEATER g*.
LAST MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON OF
NANCE O'NEIL.
Presenting
"THE SHADOIA/."
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT.
The New CAMILLE.
POPULAR Evening. "c. 50c, 25c.
RICES— Matinees, 60c, 25c.
SUNDAY NIGHT, the Funniest of All Farce
I Comedies,
"WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES"
Presented by the well-known comedian,
HARRY CORSON CLARKE,
And His Superb Company.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY at 2 p. m.
The Jolly. Mirthful Comic Opera,
"THREE BLACK CLOAKS."
Bring the children; they will enjoy it.
It is the most amusing performance In town.
Last To-night and Sunday Evening,
The Enormous Grand Opera Success,
"L'AFRICAINE."
With a Great Cast of Lyric Singer*.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Telephone for Seats— 9.
Next Week— A Record Breaking- Attraction!!
Gilbert & Sullivan's comic opera, "PA-
TIENCE." Verdi's historical creation. "THE
MASKED BALL."
CHIiTESJND ZOO.
TO-DAY-CHILDREN'S DAY !
CONCESSIONS FREE BEFORE 2:30 P. M.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE,
The Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS. High Diver.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-NIGHT-SPECIAL!
Reproduction of the last round
of the Copbett-Fitzsimmons fight
in conjunction with the JEFFRIES
Fitzsitnmons and Palmer-McGov-
ern contests.
Try to Die in the "CABARET DE LA MORT."
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
BASEBALL!
SANTA CRUZ
vs.
OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AT 3 F>. M
SUNDAY AT 2:30 F*. Af.
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison streets.
GENERAL ADMISSION. 25 CENTS.
Ladies Admitted Free to Grand Stand.
1 i ■ I ■l^gj Maonfastare,
Telaphone
[ OREEN 325, j
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
MATINEE TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY.
LAST TWO NIGHTS.
The New York Lyceum Theater Comlo Hit,
Entitled
INVENTED FOR LAUGHING PURPOSES.
UNCHANGEABLE PRICES.. ..loc, 25c, 35c. 500
NEXT— "MY FRIEND FROM INDIA."
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 632.
MATINEE THIS AFTERNOON.
A Greater Triumph Even Than EL CAPITAN
TWO WEEKS ONLY.
Francis Wilson's Greatest Comic Opera Success
THE MERRY MONARCH,
A Delightful Evening of Hearty Laughter,
Beautiful Melody, Superb Scenery and Gor-
geously Resplendent Costumes.
HEAR THE SONGS:
! "The Fate of the Wise Ostrich Who Knew It
All." "When I Was a Child of Three," "Love
' Will Find the Way."
Monday evening every lady will be presented
with a HANDSOME SOUVENIR.
POPULAR PRICES— COc. 35c, 25c, 13c, 10c.
i A Good Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee, 25c.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
NEW ALHAMBRA THEATER
THE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE,
Eddy and Jones Sts. Phone SOUTH 770.
LAST PERFORMANCES.
TO-NIGHT.
"FIFl" SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-DAY.
THE FRISKY FARCE.
MLLE. FIFI!
The Sensational DEWEY Moving Picture*.
PRICES 15c, 25c, 3oc, 50c, 750
MATINEE lac, 25c. 35c, 500
TO-MORROW NIGHT EUGENIE BLAIR
In A LADY OF QUALITY."
_\_. SEATS NOW READY.
WESTERN TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Turf Congress.
TANFORAN PARK.
South San Francisco, San Mateo Co
Main Office. Parlor A, Palace Hotel, S. F.
W. J. MARTIN, F. H. GREEN,
President. Sec. and Manager.
FIRST WINTER SEASON.
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. IS, 1899,
inclusive.
Six high-class running races every weekday,
beginning at 1:30 p. m. Last race at 4 p. m.
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unexcelled accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE, Southern Pacific Co.
(Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 9:00, 10:40 and 11:30 a. m.
Special race trains at 12 »0, 12:50 and 1:25 p. m.,
returning Immediately after the last race and
fit 4:4". d. m.
SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS— at
San Bruno at 12:43 p. m. Leave San Bruno at
4:00 and 4:4r> p. m. Trains leave Valencia-street
ten minutes later than Third street. Race
trains" stop directly at the entrance to tha
grandstand.
Last cars of all trains reserved for women
and their escorts. No smoking.
RATES.
From San Francisco to Tanffiran and return.
Including admission to grounds. $1 23. Single
round-trip tickets, 40 cents. Holders, of Associa-
tion Badges may secure a twenty-four ride cou-
pon ticket, limited to thirty days, upon presen-
tation of badges at Third or Valencia street
stations for $.1 SO.
Register all complaints without delay with
the Secretary and Manager of the Association.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
TO-DAY TO-DAY TO-DAY
At 3:30 and 8 s. m.
250-DOLLfIRS-230
Will be thrown from the high wire by Pro-
fessor Hill to the crowd below.
Just arrived— CAPTAlN BEACH, tha aquatic
marvel: also the JEFFRIES-FITZSIMMONS
entire fight.
The jolly RAZZLE-DAZZLE is in full blast.
Open every afternoon and evening.
Admission ------- 10c.
■»»»■««»« »-♦■»«»««»»««»»»»» *^
,', • Transcontinental tourists and tray- . I
elert from all over the United State* i
| «how their appreciation of tha excel- T
| lence of the I
! PALACE *™ {
1 GRAND |
1 by making these hotels their headquar- ' 1
1 tera while In San Francisco. Fourteea 1 1
I hundred rooms. 900 with baths— largest i <
i and finest In the world. < i
I JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager. f
.•^■B^imß Big « ii a, non-poitiocona
e'^JG&lHlt' ' Ifttgfl remedy for Gonorrhea,
iMSr crßF.fe^Ml \' e(!t . Spermatorrhoea!
dBSEir Ito 5 1»>». \9 Whites, unnatural ,11*.
Mfjtm ouniK*l Ifjj charges, or any :afln-"rna-
Wmtiw not to itrttttro. tion, irritation or uloera*
Sa-~4?raTtnts MnUfisn. tion of mucous niera-
THeEvAHS CmMtr.uCo, fclsn °»- Noa-Mtringenu
VllA CINCIMATI.O .BUS Sold »7 ttncttiita,
«KS*«. tl " a a HT'' lrnt iD Plain wrapper.
JSwlSWto^ V-Id^ii b? "Press, Prepaid, tot
IU^HV&I J,l%rr 3 bottlaa, fS.TOw
i, y^&Egnr m Oiniiar teat o«Y««aafc
78
>' a f i < M JiT^ ** > *^ DEP.Lj r* ( w i f > ?^i : s^^i|^B ' 1 '' Vri^A f^*"^ y^'^ y^-^ ly J(l fi\k /fjf
FOOTBALL MEN
IN THE HARNESS
\ rk
■
their
The situation has not materially
changed, California still leading with a
mnrexluiiv CiimLort.ib'e dividing space be
twton Stanford and itself. Unless Stan
ford takes a wonderful brace within the
next few ".weeks victory will again fall
upon the Blue and Gold eleven. At the
present time there is no comparing tht-
Twoteam", California being so immeasur
ably superior In every point of the game.
Frym now on the time will be devoted at
■Berkeley to the rounding out of the team
ami to the development of some original
plays at which both bran and Kelly
are adepts.
ped a
■
. tPi \.-o tlie
■ ■•• that
i
. . ■ rep
•. \ i:ig grad
.
: und nothing Lbove
■.: . eeke ere necea
ng men out, and
nandlcap which
..
It Berkeley con
. -
The onty
have
Irilling of the
■
.
< ilympice
kg life ana
im to
game in last
Olympics
■ w In. At Palo
■ . •
c, all due ■
lother
Known In I lalifornia.
■
■ ■
.'• ate.
Qt in
• is seen in 1
• d in
■ ■ : of the line
■
■ Califon
Kali, wi
■
11 y i:i both
He
r
in quality. Dv
: ipidly
. ■
■
• l.ii.
pidly
g Line.
.
■ Palo Alto. The
last
1 1 the
1 I . it the -V-
■! this
la will i
■
i will
ist in
■ irnia m< et
Since the two victories over
. s are more hopeful
. The
put ii m .in
1 lie ■ . tumid be a liot
:
- i round the
bay sir i ttention,
ularly. thai preparatory Bchools.
DOGS AND DOG FANCIERS.
The premium list oi the Oakland Bench
Show has been lssur-i by the California
Collie. Club; which promotes the show un
der the regulations of the Pacific Kennel
League. The president of the club Is
William B. Frue of San Jose, and the sec
rotary Norman J. Stewart of Oromas.
The bench show < committee consists, be-
Bltles those gentlemen; of J. C. Bern t and
C. K. Harker of San Jose and O. J. Albee
<.f Lawrence, c W. Bui ell of New York
will judge setters and pointers; while C.
1). Nairn of I illston, Or., will award the
ribbons for all other classes. No pedigree
is necessary to exhibit a dog at any beech
chow under the ruins of the Pacific Ken
nel League or the American Kennel Club,
except that, In the cane of puppies, the
entry must state the names of the breed
er, the sire and dam and the date of
whelping.
The Pacific Bull Terrier Club eld its
regular meeting last week. Jt was de
termined to support the annual show of
the San Francisco Kennel Club to the
fullest extent of the club's power.
J. v. Flynn ha* entered his pointer dog,
Ssnator P., in the all-age stake of the
LJnlted States Field Trials. Senator p.,
when but 17 months old, won the cham
pionship stake of the Pacific Coast Field
Trials last January In the hottest com
petition.
' A decided movement in cocker spaniels
is "noticeable on the coast. -Mr. Carlton's
lot of puppies by Champion Viscount, out
<if[ Trilby, were all sold and local breeders
are buying In Eastern markets. Mrs. \\*.
C Ralston of Oakland, who paid a re
markable figure for the New York win
r.er Princess Flavia, has bought from the
Belle Isle Kennels of Detroit a fine black
rocker spaniel dog by Black Duke 11, out
of Champion Gaiety Girl.
E. C. Flume of the Plumeria Kennels
of this city has bought a red cocker dog
by Red Mac, out of Hampton Queen
Roadie.
Rome ■if the members of the Pacific
Kennel L,e.ague are becoming dissatisfied
■with that organization. The Seattle Ken
nel Club Intends to agitate for the repeal
of the antiquated classification now in
•voeuo by the league. It will advocate, the
Twice !n«t week the Lowell and I.ick
High school teams played tie games and
the other matches have also proved both
interesting and close-.
Stanford's Earnest Work.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 10.—
With the Thanksgiving daj football game
weeks off the Stanford coaches
will have their hands full turning oui a
Ing team. Enthusiasm and interest
. however, were never greater
. ■ sent momeni . and the en
g the player's
Every one i
that to defeat th«- veteran Berkeley
team : - task, but all are working
: tish that end.
Ii was decided this week i>y Manager
Berry to c I team to the Hot* I
Monte, Monterey, for the last week of
■g. The fax lllth s there for getting
. :. in .-■':,;■.;•. are superior to those at
■ tigress Springs where the team has
• the last !v i s asons. It is not bo
the universitj and the consequent
will be greater but the general
• ; ;;;t "no expense be Bpared to
bring hom<
The conditions this year have been un
usual in that i • ive to con
- an almost entirely new team.
■ of men have been out trying for
all thi- positions and no man Is sure of his
■ all the men are
working hard, !>ut the team work has not
Ii ; ed ..h j et. Th<- same men
■ ever played together In two buc
. lit Is that
• men are Btro] I tally,
tnak the m - ■ f their efforts
igh lack of m. It Is to this
• • Coach L'hamberlln is paying
• his week and an im
able. The line men
r some time each evening sole
-.'..■ line work, breaking through and
blocking. At the same time the backs,
■ lon of * 'aptaln ( !het Mur
phy, practice catching and running in of
owing of the team in it*
jirst home game with the Olvmpii
' - luraging, yet it
ssoni . ■■ :; the men will
The r • akness of the line was th.
of Tues da; ■ ■'•• feat. This
partly fr i fact that i
new players were tried so that the team
was not the strongest that could b<
In the field. Except v: end, howev< i
• pics outclassed the i ■
. Bhowed tha I the m< n
have been on the team will hi
re if they stay there till the
■ ter, Hayden and Gilman are In
id, Hayden a a rule
■■• Ith I rilroao opposite him. Hay
■ ■ ■
■ r, while Gilman has suffered
ts that have comp< ll< d him
i" laj :: o« i asionally. [f i filman
mdition till tf;e game, t h
hances are good. For guards the
ar-- De Forrest,
.- and « lairns. De Forrest
it riglit guard
Trylngfor the 1 , positions are"B
Burnett, Bently, Dole, Houston, Wrlgley
Emerson. Dole has shown
well, but is retired for a few days with
: lined ankle, the result of Tuesday's
For the end positions there is a
threi ■ ontest between Parker
Rice and McFa !It :., v ith Raltt and
- close up.
■. of the line Captain Murphy will
play quarter, but the other po
■ led. McFadden of the
team has been playing fullback
k and his work has i,-- n
R; " i! - : nsidering his newness ;,,
thi position. As Murphy does the kicking
.■i the back-field on the defen
'■■ a wider choice for
m and various m< :i ha ■• been
a try. among then:. Boren Ro
.u>lph and Roberts. At half, Smith and
Fisher are lr , the lead. Erb, 11-.ugh and
■• are also showing well In that posi-
To-morrow the team of the University
Of Nevada plays the big team on th«
campus and an -,. st is e _.
petted. Nevada has devel< i Quite a
team this yea,-, having alreadj aefelted
the Santa ( lara College team. The prac-
I men will get against the
of good" Dlayera should >h< them a lot
1 adoption of the classification in general
use throughout the country by the
American Kennel Club, together with the
*cale of points in the "winners' " clas, for
the attainment of championship honor*
Some of the Seattle fanciers ha?e or
ganized a club under the title of the
Gentlemen's Kennel Club of Seatttle"
and will affiliate with the American Ken
wVll C be heW nileS ° f whi^' shows
California Is to lose, at least temnorar
dog. Old Hall Admiral, to Jamlsivatwn
of New Fork. Ho uiil place the doT? in
the stud. Numerous breeders in the last
have expressed a desire for his service"
Spfvfe rtL^eTt&M'r 1
t I hir^g h ?ou c^y nted to Bond $||i on
Miss Williams of Menlo Park lr»«>t v,«»
collie. Sheo, SO me days s?nce wK shS
reappeared she had one of her lew
broken. Dr. K. O. Steers reduced the
fracture It was at first thought that
bhep had been shot, but subsequent "x
be^nrun n ove° Wed *** d ° g h:i<l Probably
Mrs. B. Bryan of Alamoda has ar
breed to bis Champion Ivan *" ' to
Will Play Handbnll.
Professor John ******* manager of
Phil Ryan's handball court at 858 How
ard street, is in possession of facts suffi
cient to make the announcement that the
lo«*_ "tod of return match will come
off Sunday between the two young boy
Players White and Collins against Xi
gallon and Linehan. The other plaver^
who will put In an appearance are: O Me
Donald and M. McNeil vs. D. Rogers and
L. Carralne; W.««her and R. Houston
vs-P. Ryan and M. Basch; D. Regan and
i. Klrby vs. M. Kirby and K. Barry- N
I . Prendergast and w. H. Sieberst ' vs'
E. McDonough and D. J. Sheehan- M Tin'
lol \ a ,V d P-, Hutchlnson vs^ G Hutch inson
and P. Kelly; J. Harlow and E Toy vs
W. Maguire and E. Curley. The event
of the day will be the contest of M j
lo^in nd R Linehan vs. J. \Vhlte
and J. Collins. UIW
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
RECORDING ANGEL, FLEETEST OF YOUNG GREYHOUNDS.
£» Recording Angel, which has proved one of the most remarkable greyhounds ever whelped in California, has been Q
+ matched against D. J. Healey.'s Sisquoc. Both are by Pasha Kennels' Emln Pasha, the former being out of Bona and the .+
6 latter out of Wave. Both were whelped October 19 of last year. The two great youngsters will meet at Union Park to- 6
+ morrow and will run three courses to decide the question of supremacy. Each has its following, and a contest is re- >
V? quired to develop which is the better performer. Of
± -f
GAME BIRDS
STILL AVOID
THE GUNMEN
Ducks Are Reported Plentiful
in the North, but Are
Scarce Here.
MEMBERS of the gun clubs controll
ing extensive preserves are having
average sport with the- ducks, but
not as good shooting as they anticipated
some weeks Bince. All agree that the
weather conditions are not favorable for
driving the birds in and will not be until
the front conies and n^nds them down
from the north. From Tomales Hay
s.'iii.-* the Information th*t sprig and
canvasbacks are there in great numbers.
The gunmen of that vicinity are having
great »p<-.rt with them, but they are off
the line usually traveled by Hportsmen
of the metropolitan district.
The wet weather has interfered In a
degree with the men who prefer the sport
afforded by quail. The ground has been
too damp to be worked over in a BOtiß
factory manner and but few large bags
are reponed.
The Olympic Gun Club men have been
fairly active on their Cordelia preserve
t; the j>ast week. On Sunday ii. J.
Thus secured :■< bird*, A. M. Shields, J. U.
J.nsi'ii and Harry ii. Hosmer, 7 each; li.
U. Miller and F. V. Bell, :.. U. E. Rose, 4,
and William Hay, ;:. Wednesday il. ii.
iiosni.-r and Ai. ( umming secun d a doz
. A. Halght, li; 1.. D. Owens,
. •:.-; M. Coleman, ."■. while F. H. Bush
rared to death one lone duck which
appr< ached his shooting Btand. Mr. Hos
mer and Mr. Gumming remained over
Thursday to try the quail shooting in the
vicinity.
club's preserve will be well shot
over to-morrow, th<- following members
having announced their intention of being
• ndance: It. a. T. Derby, Dr. J. I>.
.1.- Chantreau. E. Dubedat, X Bocqueraz,
i:. Hirscbfeld, W. D. McArthur, H. I>.
.Mill. -r and \.. W. Harpham. In ordi r to
give the members a two days' Bhoot the
preserve will be open to them on Thanks
giving day as well as on the, Wednesday
The annual election of the club was
held on Wednesday. The members on the
regular ticket were elected as follows:
Merton C. Allen, Robert H. Delafield, .1.
Homer Fritch, J* \V. Harpham, Herbert
Kullman, W. A. Marshall, W. D.
McArthur, A. Koos and Fred B.
tjurryhne. These directors will meet
..i: Wednesday and will elect :!.-ir • • tii
cere. Merton c. Allen will undoubtedly
be chosen president, an office for which
■ horoughly equi] .
L. X. Kercheval, a deputy of the Cali
fornia Suite <iani<- and Fish Commission,
arrested J"hn and Henry Knight of Elk
Creek, Glenn County, some aays since.
They \v.-r>- charged with trapping quail.
Upon being- taken before Justice West
they entered a pl*-a of guilty and were
lined £20 each.
Theo Kylka enjoyed some quail shoot
ing in tin- country beyond Santa Rosa
recently. He secured thirty-eight birds
the first day. He reports that nn- smoke
from the lon-st fires did great damage t"
birds and all varieties, of game. They
were killed by thousands ami thus leave
a comparative blank for the sportsmen.
City Attorney Boyd of San Rafael and
Henry M. Robertson of this city enjoyed
a good day's quail shooting on the La
Franchi ranch, near NovatO, last Sunday.
Thej returned in the evening with well
filled bags. They kept within the pro
visions Of the Marin County game law
by a narrow margin as regards the num
ber of birds that may be killed.
Phil Wand, with Paymaster King of the
lowa and (Jeorge Jackson, spent three
days near Halfmoon Bay recently. They
found quail In abundance, but report
the country as "being a hard one over
which to work. They secured good bags
on eacb day they were In the iield.
Herman Oelrichfl is gratifying his pas
sion for duck nhootlng at the preserve of
the Tule Helle Club. The arrangements
for the pleasure and the convenience of
club members are the most elaborate
possessed by any other club of its kind
on the coast.
Fred Feudner, J. Peltier and Attorney
Sweeney were in the Held near Hamlets,
Marin County, last Saturday and Sunday.
They secured the limit bag of twenty
five birds each on both occasions.
Clarence Haight and his shooting com
panion Shaw enjoyed good sport at the
Wiliow Lodge Club preserve near Alva
rado last Sunday. They secured about
thirty birds each. L. It. I.arzalere, J. H.
Burfeind, Phil Bekeart and other mem
ber* df the Spooney c,un Club near the
- h 1 1 1 • ■ place found no birds on their ponds,
th<- day's shooting being a blank.
Frank Maskey went to Point Reyes on
Wednesday tor a day In the field after
quail. When he arrived on the scene the
rain was descending in torrents, and he
retraced his steps homeward without un
packing his gun.
Lloyd Eaton is arranging an old-fash
loned turkey shoot to be held at San
Mateo shortly before Thanksgiving day.
Al Schumann and Jack McManus se
cured thirty quail in the foothills back of
San Mateo some days since.
SPORT AT SUTRO BATHS.
The usual programme of aquatic sports
has been prepared by the management of
Sutro Baths for 'to-morrow afternoon.
The entries in the various events are as
follows:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— E. Mlnter, It.
Cook, F. Hitter, A. Kaufman. \V. Fleming, (J.
La>\v)-nthal. C. Shilling, F. Neal.
One hundred yard race— E. Smith, J. Wilson.
T. I-ahusen, C. Sullivan, J. Wilber, C. Lundln,
H. seebach, C. Steiijes.
Tub race— E. Beyer, B. Berry. H. Steiijes, C.
Donovan, E. Lleboldt. A. Baudaln, O. Ehrman,
E. Wells. H. Olsen.
Trirk ami fanry springboard diving— L.. Mc-
Cormlck, W. Wilson, A. Baganntori, F. Ral
ston. H. Cordell, A. Douglass, E. Peters, J.
Cathcart. H. Oleon, O. Mlaner. J. O'Brien., w.
Hoftinaa. 11. Hiding.
RACE FOR THE
PENNANT WILL
END SHORTLY
Oakland and Santa Cruz Base
ball Teams Play Their
Final Series.
OAKLAND and Santa Cruz baseball
teams will play their final Beries of
five games in the California Baseball
League schedule this week. The San
Franciscos go to Sacramento to try con
clusions with the leaders. Despite the
stormy w<ather of the week, the local dia
mond has absorbed the moisture and the
games will be played as scheduled, unless
the storm continues throughout the fore
noon to-day. The wlndup of the season
does not promise to be exciting, owii >
the lead the Sacramentos have held so
long. Several times the local team
threatened them, but luck was against
them, and now the prospect of their do
ing SO is exceedingly remote. It ha-s been
decided to play the All-California team of
Eastern .stars' against the winners of the
pennant In a series of three games. The
series will open Thanksgiving Day and
end on the following Sunday. The lineup
fur to-morrow is as follows:
i '.iklan.l. Positions. Santa Cruz.
Hammond Catcher Morrow
Borchera Pitcher Whelan
Hutchlnson First lmsr Streib
Dunleavy Second base McCarthy
Lange Third bas.- Devereaux
Scbmeer Bhortstoi H.ibiiitt
Mosklman Left Held Dalrymple
Donovan Center tu-M Drennan
Hardie Right Held Clark
BOXERS IN TRAINING.
Alex Greggalns of this city and .Tack
Root of Chicago will meet In h twenty
round bout before the Western Club In
Woodward's Pavilion n»*xt Wednesday
night. Greggains In his day has met
Sharkey, Btelzner and others of the
weight division with credit to him
self. He lias been oul of the ring some
time, but is always in practice.
Root is a smaller and lighter man, but
he has won numerous lights in and
around Chicago, where his ability as a
hard hitter Is recognized. He aspires, to
a ring engagement with Kid McCoy,
which Indicates his own estimate of his
powers. He has had several weeks' prep
aration at ('roll's Garden, Alameda, while
Greggalns is undergoing the conditioning
process at Blanken s Six Mile House.
The referee will be chopen on Monday,
and the Chicagoan has already expressed
a preference for Hiram B. Cook. He
would also be satisfied with "Jim" Mc-
Donald, the baseball umpire, or "Big
Bill" Lange.
Two ten-round preliminaries have been
arranged, the principals being Toby Er
win and "Jack" Ennis; Fred Ast und
"Jack" Wee.iv of Denver.
The first boxing exhibition of the Co
lumbian Athletic Club will be held in the
new gymnasium, 28 Golden Gate avenue,
on the 21sl inst. The principal bout on
the programme will be between Eddie
Toy and Charles Vickers, eight rounds.
The other boxers matched are: Charles
Thurston and Charles Post; Kid John
son and charlt-s Collins; William Toy
and "Joe" Long; Kid DoDSOn and "Hob"
Armstrong, and a three round exhibition
between "Joe" Kennedy and Peter 1-ong
The gymnasium Is being arranged for the
comfort of spectators and regular exhi
bitions will be promoted while the pat
ronage warrants.
NOTES OF THE FISHERMEN.
The fishermen who visit the streams in
Marln County each winter In quest of
Steelheads have been much disturbed over
a law passed recently by the County Su
pervisors. This specifically prohibits fish-
Ing for Bteelhead trout during the close
season for other trout. In the subjoined
notes from H. J. MdsaaC, District At
torney of Marin County, he intimates that
the Supervisors did not contemplate pro
hibiting the fishing for steelheads. His
note reads:
In regard to steelhead fishing In Marln
County I will say that. In my opinion, un
der section in of Mnrln County Game Or
dinance 107, flshlni? for steelhead trout Is un
doubtedly prohibited durlnjc the close Mason
for other trout. I do not think, however.
that the Hoard of Supervisors contemplated
the prohibition of such flshlns, and, no
doubt, some action toward lifting the pro
hibition will be taken when the board
meetß again.
John Bonn and C. G. Toting have been
enjoying the steelbead fishing at Point
Arena. Mr. Young caught an elght
pounder and a ten-pounder, besides a
large number weighing three and four
pounds.
RACE OF HOMING PIGEONS
The third and last of the California
Homing Pigeon Club's young bird races
of the southern series was flown last Sun
day from San Lucas, a distance of about
140 miles. The rue*; was the closest on
record on this coast. There was a differ
ence of less than two yards per minute
in the average speed of'four birds. They
were liberated at 10:31 a. m. The detailed
results of the race follow:
William Marterys A 1675 arrived 2:27:20 p.
m. ; dißtance, 137 miles 1494 yards; average
speed per minute, 1026.93 yards.
John Kilmer's ABOO arrived 2:22:.'5; dis
tance. 134 mile* 1700 yanls; average speed
per minute. 1024. 9S yards
H. C. Worth's ATI arrived 2:20:19; dis
tance 137 miles; average speed per minute,
1021.9.. yards.
H. Van •■..rtebeek'H A 1234 arrived 2:25:10;
distance. 13G miles 37"? yards; average speed
per minute, 1024.49 yards.
H. Henielrlght's A3OR arrived 2:23:47; dis
tance, 123 miles 1717 yards; average epeed
per minute, 1013.31 yards.
J. Bane*' , not reported.
LEASHMEN ARE
READY FOR AN
OPEN MEETING
Will Course on Merced Plains
Next Week for Big
Stakes.
LOVERS of the greyhound and the
leash will turn to the plains <>f Mi r
eed on Tuesday fur their annual
meeting in the open country. Fur nearly
a quarter of a century a tittle band of
enthusiasts have made this pilgrimage,
and have in the open country tented the
speed and the stamina of their grey
hounds. Tlicr. ■ are found strong hares In
places with which they are familiar, and
it requires a stout-hearted dog to run one
of them down.
Th.' conditions nre all favorable for a
successful meeting this year, aa the rains
have softened the ground and have laid
the alkali dust, which, if present, stifles
both the dogs and the spectators. The
coursing will !>»• held on the Nevada Bank
ranch, about eight miles fr. >m Merced.
It is reported to be in excellent condition
for coursing. From the entries already
received it Is apparent the coursing men
believe their lightweight dogs will make
the best showing. Dugs that are "sticky,"
that is, always trying, are considered
the must desirable, as the plains hare is
a strong traveler ;md will break the spirit
of the gamest dogs.
Home dogs that fail in the .irks or in
closed coursing fields are at home on the
plains and show wonderful form there.
Entries are expected from Merced, Sac
ramento, Stockton, Los Angeles and San
Jose. Erwln & Lyons of Dallas, Texas,
sent out May Queen and Silver Wings,
with special Instructions that they be en
tered for the meeting. Their dog Silver
Lion is also due here to-day, but will be
entered only in the parks. The Mclnerney
dogs of Merced are being given special
preparation for the event by Tom Fitz.
These and other country dogs are at
home on the plains and are expected to
render a good account of themselves. The
stake was won last year by the great
imported dog For Freedom.
The draw will be held on Monday night
at Pythian Castle. The excursion train,
carrying coursing men and officials, will
leave on the following morning for the
scene of the sport. Excursion tickets will
be good on the afternoon train If counter
signed by the secretary of the interstate
Coursing Club. Entries will be received
from any dog owner In. good standing,
membership in a coursing club not being
a requisite. Judge John Grace will be in
the saddle, while James Grace will han
dle the slips.
Recording Angel and Sisquoc, two
young greyhounds which have proved to
be sensational performers, will meet In a
special match at Union Park to-morrow.
Both are by Emm Pasha, the former
being out of J. Horn's Bona, while the
latter is a Wave puppy. They were both
whelped on the same day, October 19.
181*8. It is believed by coursing men that
Recording Angel will lead to the hare
but that Sisquoc will prove the better
worker when the pair reach their game.
The meeting of the two remarkable
youngsters Is expected to prove a great
contest.
The three parks offer tempting cards
for this week's sport. In addition to the
match between Recording Angel and Sis
quoc, the Union Park management has
a high class complimentary stake limited
to eight dogs and an open stake. At
San Mateo Park a seventy-eight dog
stake should afford those in attendance
all the sport they could desire.
A sixty-four dog stake of merit and a
consolation stake for dogs beaten in the
first round is the attraction at Ingleside.
The prizes are of exceptional value, as
this meeting is intended to replace the
club's annual affair on the plains.
"Jerry" O'Shea has applied to the Cali
fornia coursing committee for a rehear
ing of the case in which D. Hooper's
Koolawn was ruled off the coursing field
for a period of four years. She has
whelped a litter of puppies to Mr.
O' Shea's dog Young American, hence his
interest in the matter. He holds that
he was not a party to any fraud which
may have been committed and should not
be made to suffer for th« sins of others
The case will be tried shortly and it is
expected the sentence will be cut down to
one year, thus restoring the value of
Koolawn and her promising progeny"
T. J. Mcllugh, field steward at Ingle-
Bide Coursing Park, has a promising san
ling on the way from the Bartels Kennel?
at Denver. It is by Hughie-Bonanza, and
lias a double cross of Sir Sankey the
sire of For Freedom, in its pedigree ' The
dog is called Mutineer and is nine months
olef lie will be entered at Ingleside when
fully developed. ■ c "
Miss Frances Knowles has been made
an honorary member of the Interstate
Coursing Club This action was taken
in view of the Interest she has shown in
too sport.
» ♦ ■
MINOR FOOTBALL GAMES.
The Brooklyn and North End elevens
will play a game of football to-morrow
afternoon at the Presidio athletic grounds
The following is the line-up- grounds.
North Ends. Positions. B «**!>™-
Smith Center. Wn"nn
Wheeler R-Guard— L "osnne
Cohen .: Lr-Guard— R ,^ r en
lonian R-Tackle-L .V «? erin J
Rcshl L-Tackio^K.". b T. V ' u ;!
Dprham R-End-L ahUl
Ackerson I-r-End— R W ' , leenI een
Chapital Quarter Donaldson
McCarren R-Half- L Anderson
Moise I--Half-U -Banner
Rlley Fu11.... '.'."." ■'."•"Xif tewart
The football teams renrpsonfin™ t :
demic AthleUo Leaeu^ he Aca -
GOLF THE GAME
ON MANY LINKS
rwi HE tie between IT. B. Goodwin and R.
Ji. Gaylord in the eignteen-hole han
dicap against "bogey," played on
the 4th inst., was played oft on election
day on the Presidio links. In the first
i round In the morning R. H. Gaylord beat
his opponent 1 up. In the second round
his play fell off and he succeeded in
halving only two holes. H. B. Goodwin
won I up and 2 to play; or on the two
rounds up and 2 to play.
This afternoon the ladies will give a
"donation tea" at the club house, to
which each guest will bring some article
of furniture or ornament for the rooms.
It is intended to devote the northwesterly
room entirely to the ladies. Invitations
have been issued for the tea, which will
be from o till 0 o'clock, and will be the
::r>; entertainment in which the members
oi both .--x.-s have shared at the club
house. If the weather and condition of
the links permit there, will be a ladies'
; handicap tournament, eighteen holes
! medal play, for which three prizes are
i offered. The lady taking the tirst prize
will also carry off the Wlnslow medal,
which is offered for competition each
; month, und will become the property of
the lady who first wins it three times.
H. B. Goodwin, on behalf of the San
Francisco Golf Club, and P. E. Bowles
vice-captain of the Oakland Golf Club
have drawn up the conditions for the se
ries of liuni.--mjd-in.rn..- matches to be
played between teams representing the
j two clubs. The lirst match will be
played on the links of the San Francisco
cIUD on January 13 and on the Adams
Point course January 20. The second
match will be played April 7 at Oakland
and April h at the Presidio. Should each
club win, one match to tie will be played
oil on May VI on neutral linns," if
the use of them can be obtained. The
teams will consist of eight men from each
club, and the matches will be played ac
cording to the rules of the I'nited States
Goll Association and the local ground
rules.
Last Sunday D. Stephenson, the profes
sional of tlie San Francisco Golf ciub in
playing with it. P. Schwerin, made the
nine boles in "A, which is considerably bet
ter than bogey, his score i>y holes being
o. 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 4, 2, 3. It is likely that this
will remain the record scoru of the Pre
sidio links for some time.
In the tournament held on the links of
j the San Rafael Golf Club on election day
I nine ladies played in the eighteen-hole
handicap tor ladies who had a bogey score
ot 59. Mrs. R. <;. Brown. Miss Alice Hoff
man and Mrs. J. J. Crooks tied with 4
down on bogey. The tie was to have been
played off on Thursday, but the rain
caused the play-off to be deferred, in the
men's eighteen-hole handicap against bo
v..-y (50.) the following scores were made:
it. G. Brown (handicap 7), 1 up; C. P.
Pomeroy (12). 1 up; K. A. Parker (20) ::
up; A. A. Curtis (22), 3 down; W. G. Cur
tis (22), j down; Clement Arnold (17), 6
down; G. Heazleton (U\>, 8 down; J J
Crooks UD, 10 down; K. L. Griffith (IS>),
and S. F. Johnson (Mv), no returns.
The tie between R. G. Brown and C. P.
Pomeroy will be played off when oppor
tunity offers. There were also competi
tions in driving and in approaching for
men and for women. The details of these
were given in Wednesday's Call.
To-day, if the weather permits, there
will be a ladies' competition for a prize
offered by Mrs. K. Oilman Brown.
The members of the Oakland Golf Club
have set aside their schedule for the time
being, until they shall have become accus
tomed to the new ideas introduced into
their methods of play by coaches Ander-
Bon and Rawlins. Advantage has been
taken of the rain to sow grass seeds over
certain portions of the course. An addi
tion will also be built to the club-house.
Secretary H. M. A. Miller has received
a letter from Chicago stating that in Jan
uary twelve of the best amateur golfers
will come in a private car to California
and will be the guests of the Oakland
Club for a few days. The club will get up
some tournaments for their benefit, and
Will invite them to dinners In the club
house and to drives round Oakland and
the neighborhood. Later the visitors will
go to Los Angeles, Pasadena, Santa Cata
lina and other towns in Southern Califor
nia where there are good golf courses
Everything possible will be done to pro
mote a friendly feeling between the golf
club* of the West, and to establish the
conviction that any person in good stand
WHEELMEN ON THE TRACK.
The proposed race meet, conducted by
Leavitt & Bill, will take place on the
Olympic Club's track south of Golden
Gate Park to-morrow morning, commenc
ing at 10 o'clock. No admission will be
charged spectators and no entry fee to
riders. Entries may be made at the
grounds. The meet is given by I^eavitt
& Bill for the purpose of stimulating
the interest of riders and public in the
game, and to this end they will offer val
uable prizes to the winners. The list of
events is as follows:
Club race, five men on a side. Olympic vs.
Bay City Wheelmen; match race, J. Bphratm
vs. I-. Samuels; mile handicap; exhibition
Olympic mascot, Hob Anthony. 8 years old'
tandem ra.-..; married mo» vs. single; exhibi
tion and mile open.
Among the rider* are: A. Davidson C.
Reuser A Perry. E. Hanjes, Hay City Wheel.
men; L. Livingston, W. Pedier, K. McNess,
Thomas White. Ch&rlea Long, George Fuller,
M Davis, I-. Howe, E. Adams, H. Anthony,
Olympic; unattached rtderß— J. Ephraim L.
Samuels. A. McKune. Theisen and lUrdsali A
Her K . i.ist <,f officlalb: Referee- William Loos
limers-K «.. Uontealegre, Olympic; Archie
need, Bay City Whe.lmen; James Muelleus.
• ■\' n '-' K \VM," s>llh Ij "" ls - San Francisco Road
Club; \\ illiam Mackle, Olympic. Judges—
Charles A. Adams, Olympic; Frank H Kerri
gan, B. <". W.; Captain Frank Smith. B. C.
\\.; Captain R. Coulter. C. C. C. Scorers— R.
Zandt. C. C. ; O. Olson. S. C. C. ; William
Townley. S. C. <.-. Btarter, J. W. Leavltt;
clerk of course. Vincent Loos; announcer,
George E. DtXOB.
*i. A 1F - Morrison, formerly well known in
the trade here, Imt who has been In the
hast for the past two years with the
Orient people. is in the city for a short
visit, renewing old acquaintances.
C asey Castleman, the champion rider of
Southern California in 1595 and who was
brought here at that time by the Acme
Club and rode on their relay team, has
come to town and will make his perma
nent residence here. He would be an ac
quisition to any one of the local clubs.
Floyd A. McFarland or San Jose, who
has been on the Eastern circuit again this
year, is back in the Garden City planning
race meets for the future. He has one
arranged for the 19th inst. there, which
ought to bo a success, judging from the
ing in his own club ■will b© made welcoma
at all other clubs.
The new links of the Los Angeles Coun
try Club were formally opened on the 4th
inst. with a large tournament. Thirty
eight men played out the 36 holes, and
seventeen ladies finished the 18 holes. The
links, thanks to the recent rain and the
care of the greenkeeper, were in fine con
dition and the greens true, though a little
slower than they have recently been. The
tournament committee consisted of E. B.
Tufts, J. B. Cook, J. F. Sartori and W.
Cosby, who conducted the contests ad
mlrablv. C. E. Orr of Pasadena, to whom
the links were new, gave up the contest at
the eighth hole; but C. E. Maud of River
side handed In the lowest score yet made
for 18 holes on the course. Maud and Cos
by tied for first place in the championship
event, Maud's score being 44, 43, 44, 51;
total, 182; and Cosby's being 45, 43, 45, 49;
total. 1.^2. The tie was played off at
IS holes, medal play, on the sth inst.,
and resulted In a second tie. After lunch
eon IS more holes were played, for which
Cosby's score was 42, 48, total. 90; while
Maud's was 43, 53; total. %. Cosby thus
won the open championship of the Los
Angeles Country Club.
i The men's handicap was won by "U".
Cosby, with J. TV. Ruthven second. The
| men's driving competition was won by C.
E. orr, with W. Cosby second. The wn
men's open championship was carried off
i by Mrs. J. H. Braly. with Miss Helen
Mealy of Coronado second. The women's
j handicap was won by Miss Helen Healy,
; with Miss Beatty second. The women's
driving competition was won by Miss
Bertha Crouch, Mrs. A. H. Braly being
■id.
In the men's handicap C. E. Maud and
< '. E. Orr received 4. and E. Conde Jones,
W. Cosby, E. B. Tufts and J. F. Sartori
of the Los Angeles Country Club, with
J. 11. Brown of Hemet and W. H. Young
! of Santa Monica, received 8, bogey being
the basis of the handicapping. In the
m.-n's handicap (gross scores) Maud and
Cosby beat their nearest competitor, E.
Conde Jones, by 13 strokes. In the wo
men's championship the competitors were
much closer, Mrs. A. H. Braly's gross
score being 114. Miss Healy' S 115. Miss
Bertha Crouch's 116, Miss Beatty's 12'».
Mrs. J. D. Foster's 121. Mrs. H. \V.
Vails and Mrs. Upham's 122, and Mrs.
\Y. S. Porter's 125.
AROUND THE BOATHOUSES
For many years past It has hpen the
custom of the South End Rowing Club
to give an entertainment at its clubhouse
on the Sunday before election day, when
candidates for the various municipal of
flcea address the members and their
friends. Last Sunday a large number of
people were in attendance. Vice President
T. 1. Fltzpatrick occupied the chair and
introduced the speakers to the audience.
The South End Rowing Club officials
Intend to hold a regatta for members
only on the Sunday before Thanksgiving
day at I-ong Bridge. The principal event
will be a race between the "Midgets" and
the junior barge crew. This was to have
been rowed last Sunday, but the boat
house was so crowded that it was thought
best to defer the event. There will also
be some skiff races.
The Dolphin Swimming and Boating
Club has lately taken in a new member,
F. Baker, who is from Auckland, N. '/.
where he held the championship at ten
stone (140 pounds) in wager boats of the
Auckland Rowing Club. He will be a
valuable addition to the ranks of the .Dol
phin oarsmen.
At the last meeting of the regatta com
mittee of the Pacific Association the
amendment to the constitution and 'v
laws, which was proposed by J. P. Foley,
the South End delegate, that the regatta
committee consist of three representa
tives of each rowing club, instead of one,
as at present, was rejected. The amend
ment was proposed at the annual meet
ing of the association and referred by
the president to the regatta committee.
The amendment proposed by S. J. Pem
broke of the Alameda Boat Club with re
gard to the length and width of outi
skiffs was also rejected, the chief ground
of rejection being that if a new model is
adopted the existing skiffs will be ren
dered useless for racing and the clubs be
put to considerable expense for new
boats. Besides, the long, narrow, smooth
bottomed skiff proposed would have been
practically a wherry.
programme offered. There will be a nov
ice event, two amateur races, a profes
sional handicap, a match race between
Downing and Lawson, and McFarland
himself will make an endeavor to lower
the world's mile record paced by two
motor tandems which he brought out for
the purpose. MoFarland also thinks
meets can be promoted successfully on
the Olympic track here and at Sacra
mento and will "take a chance" later on.
Cards are out announcing the forthcom
ing wedding of W. L. H. Geldert, the
well-known wheelman, and Miss Flora
May Chapin of this city.
COURT NOTES.
Judg-e E. D. Sawyer, on behalf of the
Bar Association, appeared before Presid
ing Judge Daingerlield yesterday and read
a tribute to the memory of the late Ed
ward J. Pringle, Superme Court Commis
sioner. Judge Daingerrield ordered the
memorial spread in full upon the minutes
of the court.
Edward Kruse made application yester
day for letters of guardianship upon the
person and estate of his brother, William
EL Kruse, whom he alleges is incompe
tent, "through weakness of mind, disease
and dissipation."
The trial of Bernard Ward, charged
with having embezzled $4000 from the Pa
cific Coast Firemen's Union, was contin
ued before Judge Dunne yesterday.
Frank Commins, paying teller of the Hi
bernia Bank, was on the stand during the
sitting identifying various demands
signed, ho said, by Ward and John
Dougherty, president of the association,
and honored at the bank. The case will
proceed next Monday.
Judge, Mogan heard the arguments of
counsel yesterday in the case of Frank J.
Mitchell, charged with the murder of
Frank McAuliffe. and reserved his deci
sion till next Tuesday.
The case of O. C. Shaw, employed by
the Pennsylvania Oil Company, charged
with felony embezzlement by" Annie M.
Forbes, CSI Geary street, who alleged that
she gave Shaw $60 on his promise to mar
ry her, was dismissed by Judge Mogan
yesterday, the Judge characterizing Miss
Forbes as an adventuress, as she has been
knowa under sis different name*, „_„_OVERDUE SHIPS
CAUSING OWNERS
GREAT ANXIETY
All Coasters Are Now
Behind Time.
TRANSPORT FLEET DELAYED
A NEW CAPTAIN APPOINTED
TO THE HANCOCK.
Captain Hart of the Warren Appre
• cd — Long-shoremen Win a
.<■■ on the Carlisle
City.
A number of vessels are causing uneasi
ness in local shipping circles. A south
easter has been delaying' steamers bound
to San Francisco' for several weeks past,
and sailing vessels bound north have had
the benefit of it. but still they do not
yeeni to- have made much progress, as sev
eral of them are overdue. The British
Bhlp l'ort Logan; from San Diego for
I'orUand, pr., is now out ■ ■■ \. :';.:- ■■ days
and 10 per .cent reinsurance was offered on
her yesterday. The bark Ferris S.
Thompson and the schooner American
Girl left here on October S for Puget
Bound; and nothing has been heard of
them since.
-
■
it will be some time
-
■ . Kn
■ T "nion Iron
rbauled
.:•■ the
tier In
ned at dif
but an
■
appointtn
: fflcer
the Ail
iptain
. who was then mas-
I will
■
the Pacil Mall,
I •
I sailor ami will
to the transport
The Hancock was Inspected by General
Miles yesterday and he was delighted
■with lu-r. After a thorough inspection of
the vessel he told Captains Batehelder
: and * Barheson that the Hancock was an
ideal transport In every -tail.
The! transports City.»of Sydney and Pa
than will sail for Manila on Monday next.
The vessels were to have gone out to
day, but the Pathan cannot be made
ready in time. The . >]•• which the Bruns
wick knocked in her side has not been
Tepaired as quickly as wns expected, and
other minor chances have taken time.
The Lascars are all back on board ex
cept three! and these Captain Miller ex
pects to capture to-day. The Senator and
'Benmohr -will s.ill on Tuesday at 4 p. m.,
end half a dozen other transports, carry-
Ing in all SOW men, will get away during- i
the we ek.
Captain Hnrt of the transport "Warren
is: one of the best liked men in the Guv
ernment service, as the following letter
bears witness:
■ Captain Frank W. Hart, Steamship Warren —
Jj<-ar Sir: Aa I am about to quit the duties of
.quartermaster of this transport I wish to tes
tify to you my appreciation of the sterling
qualities you possess, which have made this
Eh4p th>? favorite transport of the ...
with officers and men.
Under all condition." — storm, danger and dis
comfort—you have held the confidence of the
I assengf-rs in the most extraordinary degree,
end your personal attention to the navigation
and ail details of the ship ha-s often been a re
markiiHe exhiblUon of endurance. Your un
variable kindness, courtesy and helpfulness
ha.ye boon appreciated by thousands and your
cordial assistance and co-operation with me
made my position on the ship most pleasant.
I hope our country m;\y long retain your serv
lves on the transport line, for which you are
BO eminently fitted. Sincerely yours,
F. A. CLOMAX,
Captain Twenty-third I.', S. Infantry,
Acting Transport Quartermaster. .
The na\ • wns
billed \ ' nila \ia Honolulu and
■
r Guam and 100 sailors for the
■ WMiiy-liv
: .- also ■ iver a th< n
■ i" supplies for the ftVet.
iremen on
teamer Cai ■ rday. The
- an hour .
■ II was i
■A-urk. A compromise was
.
was bell j
e had to be called on to dls
■ m.
DOWN AN EMBANKMENT.
Behrend Joost Wants Special Officer
Joseph Coyne Arrested on a
Charge of Battery.
Mission street, and
:i Covne. Bpei lal ofßcer
j , have com'
t more than once, and yesti
a complaint in Juda
• for 'one's arrest on .he
tery.
■ -s have been f<>r
irbett road
' thr-y h;!V-_'
their riurhts. as the
■ ■ while
■ jst, he alleged that
on him and
i. He applied for a
arrest on the charge
FOSTUM CEREAL.
ABANDONED IT.
For the Old-Fashioned Coffee Was
.: Killing.
"I always drank coffee with tho rest
of the family, for it. Beemed as if there
..thing for breakfast if we did not
■ . Me.
»I 1, troubled for some time
■with. my heart, which did not feel right.
This trouble grew v. adlly.
"Sometimes it would beat fn.st ;md
other times very .slowly, bo that I
would hardly be able to do work for
an hour or two after breakfast, and if
I walked up a hill it gave me a severe
pain.
• I h.ii] no Idea of what the trouble
was until a friend suggested tha4
it miplit be caused by
Ling. I tried leaving <<ff coffee and
n drinking Postum Cereal Pood
.-. The change cam.- quickly. )
pw glad to say that I am entirely
art trouble and attribute
ire to leaving off coffee and the
CereaJ Food Coffee.
"A number of my frl< nds have aban-
-1 the old-fa phiuned coffee and
t;ik;n up with Postum, which they
are u^ing Bteadily, There are some peo-
j ■• that make Postum very w-.-ik n'A
. >s, but if It is boiled long enough,
. ling to directions, it is a very <le-
iicioui '■'■ We have never used
; f the old-fashioned coffee sinre it
was fii>t Btarted in our house."— Mr*.
J... A. Smith. Blodgett Mills, Cortland
County, New York. «
American Girl and Ferris S. Thompson Outward Bound.
■ of assault with a deadly weapon, but af
;klng- the matter over decided to let
It drop. t
Last Tuesday Joost again protested in
■ lyne grabbed him by the
ollar and throw him down an em-
w :i< badly
'. ;ind scratched by the fall and
was unable to leave hl^ bed until yester
■
HENRY WILLIAMS' WILL.
Devises a Valuable Estate to Hie
Widow and Two Sons.
The will of the late Henry Williams,
who • , ■ lag a valuable
d for probate yesterday.
The deceased, after stating that all the
rty in his wife's name 1= her sep
arate property, bequeaths $2"
son, Harry A. Williams, and S2f
Philip A. Williams, Baying th
ts to 'make further provision for
them, as he believes that it is for their
best interests that their success in lift
be left to their own exertions. The residue
■if the estate is devised to Mrs. T .
A. Williams, widow of th^ testator, who
is named as executor, to serve without
bond?. The will bears date of July :
and is witnessed by Robert M. Welch and
Beverly Lltcher.
REMAINS OF A. C. TUBBS
BORNE TO THE GRAVE
EMPLOYES OF DECEASED AT
TEST THEIH DEVOTION.
Body Brought From San Mateo on a
Special Car and Accompanied to
Mountain View by Sor
rowing Friends.
The funeral of the late Austin C. Tubbs,
who dipd Wednesday at the family
dence at San Mateo, was held yesterdaj
afternoon. The In the
foren I San .Mat*-., home and at
their conclusion the remains were i>
to this city in a private i
by the members of his family and his
■ Intimate acquaintances. The pall
l T ',.' mouj ■ y upon the
arrival of the body at Third and Towns
end streets and acted as an escort to
Mountain View Cemetery, wrier- the re
mains were placed In thp family vault.
The pall bear i rs were employes <>f the
c trdage company of which the
the president. They w<
Hopper Jr.. Henry Cortsen, J. P. 1
« n, .M. Kopp, Thomas Mallon, F. ]:■
Casimlr Errlckson and William Bui
A number of Mr Tubbs 1 most intimate
frier.'":- . orary
-
Spreckels, It. F. Portmann, William An
. .1 A. ''ampbell, Joseph M Quay
AVilliam Migh.-H. Thomas Brown and
a W. Kellogg.
SAILORS ON THE STAGE.
Entertainment Given by the Hart
ford's Crew in the Y. M. C. A.
Auditorium.
The sailors of the United States ship
Hartford held a very enjoyable enter
tainment in tho auditoriun I foung
Men's Christian Association I
The programme opened with an
b l' ;i ■ tra, C. J. Hi!
rector, v. Kceedingly well ren
dered. Tho remaining numbers consisted
uf vocal and Instrumental music, tum
bling, Lkewalk that would
al cake-walkera to I •
with envy. The following members
ford crew ■
'■: C. J. Hit. . S. Lillian
EUlg, L. J. Mo ■
\v. Jackson, Wiuiam Eiindersman, Har
ley ( ■ ■
J. Snelbaker, D. A. I lurley, J. 1.
G. w. Ramsey, W. J. Shellar, J. Schnei
■ •:. F. Borner, P. C. Kyliud ai
Wakerii. The if the entertain
. Ed for the. benefit of the
Hartford's crew by the Naval Young
Men's Christian Association, U. S. S.
Hartford branch.
—* ♦ '
— "The American P rter" la ma:lf> especially
I Ij an Ami . need, by >he Anl
Brewing Aean. No other Ami
brew is ilk.- it
"GRAFTERS " SHOCKED.
A. E. Meadows and Ike Willis Ay-
rested in the City Hall on a
Charge of Vagrancy.
The "grafters" who haunt the- City Hall
corridors r« eeiVed a shock yesterday when
Bxnan Ralnabury arrested A. E.
Meadowa and Ike Willis and booked them
at the City Prison on a chargi of vagran
cy. They were Immediately released on
their own recognisance by Acting- ;
Judge Barry. A few months ago the late
Policeman wagner arrested Meadoowi on
a Blmilar charge, but Meadows made such
a successful talk to Chief Leea ab ut be
ing a collector and having occasion ro
peatedly to attend tlie Justices' courts
that the Chief Instructed Wagner not to
the charge against him.
Policeman Rainsbury has had his eye
on both Meadows and Willis for some
weeks, bui Uons were ap
proacbing he tuought it useless to arrest
them, as they would l>e discharged.
that the elections ;<r> ivei be has confi
that whatever Jurtee the two m«n
me brought bef< re will do his duty and
rid the corridors of two of the worst kind
c.i" "grafters."
Their particular kind of "graft" was
to go to n woman arrested for vagrancy
and repi'-sent that th.yjiad a "pull" with
the JudK<» before whom thf- case was to
be tried, and demand ntnl obtain money
• the case " iixcd." Meadows also
represented himself as an attorney, and it
Id secured money by writing out
complaints Cor people. Willis was. up to
January, janitor in the Justices'
courts. Every influence will I>p used upon
Police .ludjce to whom the cases are
assigned to dismiss them, and reputable
people who have occasion to frequent the
courts will watch the result with interest.
Quarters for the Jury.
The Grand Jury appeared i«-i",,re. the
Budding Committee of the Board of Su-
Dervlsors an< * requested that jury rooms
be Included in the plans of the Hall of
Tustice The committee ordered Messrs.
Shea & Shea, the architects, to make
the alterations necessary on the second
floor Of the building. The architects w< re
also Instructed to pr i t!..> con
struction <>f the photograph gallery which
is to be used in connection with the Po
lice Department and the Bertillion system
of identification.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
SAYS CROOKS IS
A SPENDTHRIFT
AND PROFLIGATE
Litigation Over Notes
Is Waxing Warm.
In June of thf> present year D. Magner
ned judgment against Robert L..
Crooks for the sum >>n various
promissory notes. The case was without
special interest, but a brief filed yester
day in Judg-e Belcher's court promises to
liven matters up.
After the judgment was rendered the
plaintiff sought to enjoin J. T. Harmea
and J. J. Crooks, trustees <>f the estate of
which the defendant is beneficiary, from
paying him the surplus income, that !l
might be reverted and applied on the
Judgment. The attorney representing
the d( • Bet forth a weight of au
j thoriu in support of his
a surplus must ; fon the exe
cution could issue, and in answer to this
Martin Stevens has filed the siur bra-t of
the ■:.
"After many gyrations, somersaults and
ground and lofty tumbling, winch would
be more befitting to v ; ■ Aral)
performing in a circus ring," the brief
-: "lra D. Orton, defendant's at
■
[nething In
proceedings. . ■ t will bear In
mind that ■ ired in the
proct ■ dings he repi ■ dj and
everyl ■ 'o the. contention of
plaintiff.
■V'- ■ Tin certain moneys In the
hands of the trusti s. Of thie hi- I
aware, and we i d that when we
reach th< point whei . t begins to
• i :
is a surplus of the rents and profit
Bum that may be ne< i>*a 1 5 for
defendant's support, Roberi !.•<■ i
will coin<- • ?,to court [
show. , that he requires, II
essary, (1000 a month for Ms support, i'-m
whoii
to meet him. I ■
until we reach ii. and In any event, when
that the time ha arrived
for Robert I .'■•■ i iroo
direct us to have, the order
■ ■ ■ . • ■ erved upon aim. But we
are n purpos< if protecting
this pi' fiigate and spendthrift. We may
safely assume that when the court per
mits us to proceed and offer our testi
mony a.s '■ • ■ t: ■•• for his
support and malm c in accordance
with his accustomed nmde of ilfe, having
in view the rights also of creditors, that
Mr. Robert Lee Crooks will be <"in the
• y.mr Honor will render a
decision permitting us to proceed without
r delay."
I: ■ on to this brief, which pic
tures Crooks as a spendthrift rolli
Thomas Keogh has Bled an affidavit
in which be depi sea that he is fan
with the conditions In the Crooks house
hold, and avers thai at the present t;m<
the Is in destitute circum-
Btances and without the common ■
of life and has no means with
which to purchase the same. Judge
P.elcher will pass on the case next week
WAITERS MAKE MERRY.
Pacific Coast Association Gives a
Grand Ball.
The third annual ball given by the Pa
cific (.'■la 1 -! Walters' Association, at Native
Hall last nlgtit, was a great suc
couples participated in the
: grand march, which, with the handsome
gowns of the ladies and tho full evening
of tho pentlemon, formed an ex
ceedingly pretty pageant. The hall had
been beautifully decorated In white and
pink bunting, tinsel, silver and gold
streamers and a profusion of ferns and
I evergTeens, the effect being picturesque In
the extreme. The Stage had been con
verted Into a veritable Lower, and i
: thereon were the musicians, who p]
: the lut'-st airs for the dancers to indulg-e
; In their favorite pastime.
At 32 o'clock the merry throng repaired
jto tho assembly room below, where a
I sumptuous banquet was enjoyed. Edward
: F. moss presided at the feast, and there
were Bpe< ches by several of the officers of
; .
A flne programme of dancinpr was under
I the supervision of E. R. Muss, floor man
assistant, Kenneth McLoud The
reception committee consisted of L. do
Vassey, chairman; W. ]•;. Atkinsson, <;
Bard, L. Hess, James Lacy, William Tur
ner, H. J. Kieser, \vniiam Harvey,
Charles Mackenzie, James O'Leary
James Hughes and H. H. "Walker. Me
i board of a\r- ctors acted as a eommitte<
of arrangements, as follows: R: En pel
<;. Bard, W. H. Near, L. d . L. L
Hayden, R. D. Winter ami K. McLoud.
The Pacific Coast Walters' Association
• has 460 members on its roll and has been
in existence three yc-ars. It has a healthy
; treasury and pays out large sums lii
death benefits. Its aims are to protect
employer and employe, and it has ai
ail times been entirely successful tn its
; efforts. Its officers are: Edward Mops.
pp-si<lt-nt: J. 8. Means, vice president:
GET THE GENUINE.
NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
For Disordered Stomach
For Constipation and Biliousness
ITS SUPERIORITY IS UNQUESTIONED.
Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 25 years.
Mllflil J&HOS - I$A necessity.
George XT. William*, treasurer; Charles
Mackenzie, recording secretary; and
Geurgo W. Rowp. (lnandal secretaary.
To Have a Labor Temple.
A movement having its initiatory In the
Building Trades Council to erect a labor
temple in this city. In which all the labor
unions can assemble, has been started. A
committee consisting of P. 11. McCarthy,
O. A. Teitmove. E. L. Malsberry, J. T.
i Gomo and Ed Burns appeared before the
Labor Council at its meeting last night
and explained the prospectus of the un
dertaking. To co-operate with this body
the Labor Council appointed J. K. Phil
lips, Ed T. Clapp, W. H. Goff, W. A. Mac-
Arthur and Fred Westeott.
A delegate of Carpenters' Union 453 re
ported that Owens & Varney, having dis
continued the posting of Battle of Manila
paper and complied with the terms of the
Building Trades Council, the firm was
declared "fair."
Harry Gibb, president of Typographical
Union No. 21: appeared before the Coun
cil. He urged every member to live up to
the conditions of the following card, with
the object of compelling merchants and
tradespeople in general to aid the various
unionized printing shops in their endeav
ors to do away with scab printing con
cerns:
To whom it may concern: I hereby pledge
my word of honor that, henceforth, I shall
not purchase any article of merchandise
that does not bear a union label if a similar
article can be purchased In San Francisco
that does bear a union label; thai I shall
not patronize any establishment or Its pro
ducts against which organized labor has
officially proclaimed a grievance; that I
shall not employ non-union labor when
union labor can lie employed; that I shall
ask every merchant with whom I deal to
have the union label placed on his printing.
and thai! also ask him to handle all union
made good a for which there is a reasonable
demand, and shall assist In creating such
demand. Should any merchant refuse this
request, I shall withdraw my patronage and
patronize only such merchants us heed this
request.
I shall also ask each member of my fam
ily to live un to the spirit of this nledire.
ACTED "THE LITTLE MINISTER."
Miss Katherine Oliver Appears in
Her Own Adaptation of Barries
Novel.
The large audience assembled to hear
Miss Katherine Oliver last night at the
First U. P. Church hail an opportunity of
seeing in the flesh the fascinating charac
ters Mr. Bar lie has depicted in his most
popular of stories, "The Little Minister."
Miss Oliver lias adapted from the novel a
three-act drama, whereby she shows ver
satility, the play being well constructed
and the climaxes striking. Miss Oliver
sustained eight characters, giving to each
a personality, gestures and dialect of his
own. She was particularly happy in her
impersonation of Micnh Dow, 'the lit
tle ragged boy, endowing him with
a plaintive Scotch accent in his scene
with Babble that went straight to the
hearts of her audience and earned
her two curtain calls at the end
of the second act. The old village physi
cian stood out In an equally prominent
manner the clever presentation of these
two widely differing characters affording
an excellent proof of her histrionic abil
ities. if Miss Oliver's audience of last
night demonstrates anything, an. artistic
performance does not pass unappreciated
here, and her engagement will prove a
financial as. well as an artistic success.
To-morrow night, at the special Invitation
of President Jordan, Miss Oliver will give
a Scotch and Irish reading before Stan
ford ITniversitV-
REWARDED HIS EMPLOYES.
Will of Stanislas Strozynski Has
Been Filed for Probate.
The will of Stanislas Strozynskl, pro
prietor of the hairdresslng parlors at 14
Geary street, who died on the 2d inst.,
wasliled for probate yesterday. As before
published, the deceased left the bulk of
bis estate to his employes, who, he Bald,
should receive compensation for their de
votion to their duty and the aid they had
given him.
Following are the bequests: To Lulu
E. McCloskey of 114 Lyon street. $1000
and one-half interest in his establishment;
to B. Rybickl, his nephew, one-half inter
est In his establishment, and to each of
thft following the sum of $600: Minnie
Davidson. Mrs. George Blrdsall, Mrs. Ad
cock, formerly Mary Miller; Mrs. Dan
Buckley, formerly Sophie, Stream; Mrs
Harry Edwards, formerly Rose Meany'
Annie Stone, Frances G. Dunning Beth
Miller, Wanda Salsbury, Agnes Smith
Maude Frost, Juanita Caßtor, Marie \ult'
To Holislaus Strozynskl. his brother*
I $8000; Valerga Strozynskl $2rvm to Brona
laus Strosynski $1500. to Bolislaus Strozvn
=ki $3000. to Charley Him $260. The residue
is devised to his sisters, Marie and
Anastasia.
Ju*t Issued, set of 12 colored mailing cards
showing views from all parts or San Francisco!
Sent repaid to any address for 50c by the pub-
Usher, Kdw. H. Mitchell, Art Stationer. 225
Post street, San Francisco. ' •
Kindergarten Entertainment.
An entertainment for the benefit of the
Silver Star Free Kindergarten will he
given at Kindergarten Hall, miv Sans.. mc
street, near Pacific, to-night. A dance
will follow the entertainment.
After the prodigal came to himself he
name back to hi? father.
HUNTINGTON IS
AFTER ANOTHER
GUATEMALA ROAD
Wants Central Ameri
can Monopoly.
WILL GREATLY SHORTEN TIME
MARTIN ROBERTS TELLS OP HIS
MISSION TO NEW YORK.
The Atlantic Seaboard to Be Con
nected by Kail With the Capital
of the Central American
Republic.
Martin Roberts, one of the largest finan
ciers of Guatemala and a man who Btands
high In the confidence of the Government,
Is a guest at the Palace Hotel, where he
registered two days ago from his Centra]
American home.
The mission that brings Mr. Roberts bo
far afield is nothing less than the sale of
a railroad owned by the Government of
Guatemala, and of which he is the lessee,
with the privilege of selling out. He has
been In correspondence with some East
ern capitalists for some time past, and is
now on his way to New York to consum
mate the dea.l.
Mr. Roberts, when seen last night, de
clined to state who the intending pur
chasers were, but from other sources it
was learned that the man who is inter
ested on the buying end of the deal its
none other than C. P. Huntington, who
now controls the Guatemala Central Rail
road, and who has iong had an eye on
the road controlled by Mr. Roberts, with
a view of purchasing and thus getting
into his hands practically all the paying
lines in the Central American State.
The road which Mr. Roberts is now on
his way to New York to negotiate for the
sale of is known as the Northern Rail
road of Guatemala, and run* from tho At
lantic seaboard to the city of Guatemala,
a distance of IST miles.
In this distance there is a sixty-mile
uncompleted gap which Mr. Roberts, bas
ing his opinion on reports submitted by
din"' rent parties of engineers who have
been over the ground, says can put
through at a cost of $l,u<X),oOu, a compara
tlvely low estimate when the difficulties
to be overcome are considered.
The road, when completed in one con
tinuous line through from Porto Barrios,
on the Atlantic side, to the city of Guate
mala, is expected to pay not less than 15
per cent at the very start, and it is
thought that this revenue will be very
materially Increased as the country
which it will open up develops.
Mr. Roberts pees in the completion of
this road, under the capital which Mr.
Huntington will be able to bring to It, a
very great advantage to San Francisco
and the Pacific coast, as well as to the
Atlantic cities, which will be brought into
much more direct communication with
the interior through being able to load
their poods on rails that have an Atlantic
seabonrd terminal. He says that while
the East will be benefited by this. It will
have the same effect on the trade of this
city by bringing fhe time from San Fran
cisco to the city of Guatemala down to
eight days, whereas now It takes twenty
three to reach the capital of the little
republic,
Kruttschnitt to Go East.
General Manager Kruttschnitt of fhe
Southern Pacific Company will leave
within the next two or three days for
Washington, D. C, to testify before the
joint commission of Congress to investi
gate postal affairs.
Tho commission has been sitting for
some time, and its object in summoning
the different officials of the various roads
Is to question them relative to their
contracts for carrying the United States
mails.
The Southern Pacific Company has just
contracted for 8000 new boxcar?, which
| will be delivered to the various roads in
: this State during the months of Decem
ber, January and February. With the
, help of these now r;i rs the company feels
I that the present congestion of freight will
be very materially relieved.
YOUNG MEN OF ALL
LANDS WILL PRAY
The world'? committee of the Young
Men's Christian Association has set apart
November 12 and the week following as
| the day and week of prayer for young
men In all lands. The day and week will
Ibe observed in the local association. To-
I morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock there will
be a general mass meeting at the asso
ciation auditorium. Mason and Ellis
streets, in which there will be several
short addresses and music furnished by
the First Baptist Church choir.
The following facts have been taken
from the International iear Book of the
association, recently published: There
are 1420 associations, with a total mem
bersbip of 22S.MS; real estate owned by
these institutions amounts to $21,118,480;
the past year has been one of the most
prosperous in the history of the Institu
tion; the real estate has increased in
value over $1,000,000; the current expenses
of the association during the year were
J2.458.775: tli<T>> urn t:,2 college Young
Men's Christian Associations, with
members; 149 railroad associations, with
a membership of ,83,000.
During the year the work has been per
manently organized in the army and navy
and the association cause In foreign lands
has grown to a marvelous degree; 24 800
men attended the night school classes and
■; paid in extra tuition fees $30,000; 57,814 dif
ferent mm attended the gymnasiums;
447 .^57 volumes in the libraries: 8701 lec
turf-s and entertainments were given, and
I total attendance upon all departments of
| the work of the institution for the year
numbered over 20,000,000 young men.
Meetings will be held at the association
building every evening next week< eon
i ducted by the Rev. W. C. Sherman of
I Sacramento.
DR. NIETO'S LECTURE.
Old Pictures in New Frames for
Sherith Israel Congregation.
Rev. Dr. Jacob Xleto delivered last
night at the Temple Sherlth Israel, Post
and Taylor streets, a lecture on "Car
ments," the .second of the series, "Old
Pictures in New Frames."
"Do not Judge by the- bottle, but by its
contents," he said, "is a good "id Tal
mudic injunction, which, in our modern
phraseology, could be neatly turned into
a caution against forming an estimation
of an individual by the aid of the gar
ments he wears. Never judge a man by
Ills coat, would, In every particular, rep
| resent the thought which Impelled the
j rabbi who is accredited with the saying
to mold the sentence. We know that it
j is 'not the coal that makes the man.' and
i the costliness or poverty of his apparel
I car. be no index to bis financial condi
tion."
Las Lomas Fancy Dress.
Mission Parlor Hall was very tastefully
decorated last night in various hues of
light shades of the chosen colors of Las
Lomas Parlor, Native Daughters of the
Golden West, in honor of its fancy dress
party given to its friends. Many Of the
ladies were attired in strikingly pretty
costumes. Many exceedingly rich and not
a few quaint gowns were in evidence. The
attendance was good.
The social functions of this parlor are
always sure to draw a large crowd. Mrs.
S. P. Daggett as floor manager, and Mrs.
A. D. Coddington as assistant, directed
the programme of fourteen dances. They
were assisted by Misses N. Waters,
Howitt. M. Dunn. A. F. Lacy.-R. Bell an
Layton, and Mesdames A. Driscoll and
Mrs. Prescott of the committee of ar
rangements.
Pessimism and Optimism.
Rabbi Yoorsanger gave the second of a
series of lectures at the Temple Emanu-
El last night before an Interested and
appreciative audience. "Pessimism and
Optimism" was the subject chosen by the
reverend gentleman for his lecture.
A man's condition Is truly pitiable when,
he has nothing good U> live for.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
STUDIES BY DR. MARY ROBERTS SMITH,
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
HOME SCIENCE /\TSD HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY.
Contributors to this course: Mrs. Helen Campbell, Mrs. Mar&aret E. Sanester, Mrs,
Kate Gannett Wells, Mrs. Louise E. Hgsan. Miss Anna Barrows, Dr. Mary Kob-.-rts Sraitb,
Miss Emily G, Balch, Miss lAicy Wheelock and others.
V. ARTISTIC FURNISHING.
Houses and their furnishings do not ex
-Ist for themselves, but as a background
(or the people who live in them. Just an
the trees, rocks, fields, animals have for |
their setting the green earth and the \
blue sky; just as pictures have a back
ground, a middle distance and a fort -
ground, so human beings have their set
tings. If the setting be more striking or
more elegant than the people for whom
It exists, they are made insignificant and
uncomfortable by it. How many houses
there are whose furnishings are much
more attractive than their inhabitants!
A woman of superficial education and
trivial character prides herself on having
the most beautiful library in her State
rows on rows of the best books in beau
tiful bindings, in a room of the most
artistic design, and nobody to read them!
John Burroughs says that "every man's
house is in some sort an effigy of him
self." "When you build and furnish a
house you make public proclamation of
your taste, your manners, your sincerity.
If you wish others to think you richer,
more fashionable, more cultivated than
you really are you may fill your house
with exquisite things. Tet the contrast
between the environment and the owner
will be only the more evident and the
more pitiful.
The house and its contents should be
the outgrowth of the tastes, habits and
occupations of its owners. Farm life in
its best aspects is suggestive of breadth,
generosity, simplicity; of cleanliness,
abundance of sunlight, fresh air and good
food; of the beauty of nature and free
dom from stiff formality. These are the
things which the city dweller envies the
country man. The furnishing and decora
tion of the farmer's home should express
the breadth, beauty and freedom of his
life. It follows that some pieces of fur
niture and some kinds of decoration
which are offered in the shops are quite
out of place in a farmer's home.
On the other hand, city life is charac
terized by extreme limitations so far as
nature is concerned; and yet it is rich in
opportunities for culture and complicated
with every kind of mechanical con
venience and device. Space, air, sunlight,
pure water are precious commodities. The
whole interior of the house must be
adapted to the different aspect of numan
life. However varied the tastes and hab
its of city and country dwellers, however
limited or abundant the income, however
rough or dainty the occupation, one fact
pervades every kind of life and must
therefore be the basis of all principles of
dpcrntion— "tho domestic spirit is quiet,
informal, unceremonious; loves ease, pri
vacy, low tones, loves the chimney cor
ner, the old armchair, the undress ga. - b,
homely cares, children, simple pleasures."
Whenever the home becomes a show
place, a museum of bric-a-brac and cu
rios, it violates the first and most im
portant requirements of the family. Ex
pensive and elaborate houses may provide
for both the domestic life and the public,
ceremonious life, but the average house
of the majority of Americans, which
costs from $1000 to $10,000, can devote
never more than a few rooms, and Bome
times only one, to formal entertainments.
The first principle of house furnishing is
therefore to have nothing which does not
contribute to the use, the comfort and the
refinement of family life. After these
have been taken into account those wno
have the nuuns may add elegance, Hix
ury and Btatellness to their establish
ments. The demands of formal hospital
ity must always be subordinate to those
of family comfort.
In earlier times, when class distinctions
and occupations were definitely marked,
people inherited not only houses but fur
niture as well. There was consequently
no temptation for them to imitate those
who were ncher than themselves. Much
of the hideous taste displayed in America
is the natural outcome of democracy.
Everybody in this country is trying to
rise, yet those who have risen are not
necessarily the cultivated in taste. Since
money can buy both real and sham ele
gance those who wish to appear elegant
imitate their superiors in clothes and fur
niture, often with disastrous effect. Imi
tation becomes, therefore, a dangerous
motive, for it is likely to lead to the
choice of articles which, however suit
able for some other family and jiowever
pretty in themselves, are quite inappro
pri.it-' in the situation of the purchaser.
Taste is a matter of cultivation as much
as is efficiency or honesty; skilled work
men are those who have learned their
trade well and practiced it faithfully;
honorable people are those who have
formed the habit of truth-telling. Taste
c;i n be cultivated by seeing beautiful
things and by analyzing- the principles
by which they have been developed: still
further by the habitual application .of
those principles in one's own household.
Man obtained his first conception of
form and beauty from the form and color
which he saw in the world about him. We
have only to apply the principles which i
REV, T. J. LACEY COMMENDS : :
THE CALL'S "HOME STUDY CIRCLE"
Nov. 9, 1899.
It gives me very great pleas- . , v _
ure to commend The Call Home |>^\\^^^.-ij^ X
Study Department. It answers aI ;~ "** 2fcsf =
deep need. It is a move in the % i^s#i
right direction. The true mis- | "•SjSfl
sion of the press in my judgment J> ~^f|J
is moral and intellectual lead- I W^m
ership. The department of Home I gj| " *''-!" I
Study recently inaugurated shows
that The Call rises to a realiza- rev.T. j. \acet.
tion of this higher mission of Rector.
the newspaper as an educator of the masses. I
have followed the studies thus far with muoh
interest, and I wish for the venture that suc-
cess to which its merit certainly entitles it.
S ■ * / 0^ /
■■".'. ,v --■■,•..'. ;; ■:. .;■ ■..-.■.,■■;■..:.-.■. ■■„■■ ■:■::■..:■ :.-,^_ .:■-.■ ;_ ■ ■'.■■■: 1— ■.■'■>.■ • . "T . ■■■ .-J ••-■:■ ■;.-»■ .: .
Rector of Christ Church, Alameda.
are there displayed in order to have good
taste. Nature provides an Immense and
comparatively neutral background; ra
ture make? curves, rarely angles; nature
blends the most sharply contrasting col
ors together in the butterfly's wing, in
the yellow poppies in a green meadow, m
the feathers of the robin's 1. roast. The
greater part of the world* is in soft colors;
browns and (frays, greens and dull blues.
The brilliant reds, yellows, pinks and
purples are found in very small quanti
ties against a large neutral background.
The most beautiful Oriental rugs are spe
cimens both of rare handicraft and of an
exquisitely unconscious taste; for in them
vivid colors are mingled in such small
quantities on a rich background that the
eye Is .satisfied rather than startled by
the contrast.
Nature, except In the very lowest or
ders, never makes a hundred or a thou
sand things exactly alike. There is a
type, but the individuals always Bhow
slight variations. There are symmetry
and regularity in design, but not identity.
If this principle be applied to art In tha
household we sec at once that it is ab
surd to make household furniture in
pieces identical with one another. No two
individuals are alike in size and habit,
therefore the furniture and utensils pro
vlded for each slmuuld be adapted to his
use; but since individuals vary within
comparatively narrow limits articles of
general use may be made after a type,
with only the slight modification neces
sary to adapt them to the individual. The
artistic value of hand-made things con
sists not merely in the fact that they are
evidences of human skill, but in that they
have the individual touch— no two of
them can be exactly alike.
The three main considerations in house
furnishing ate health, suitability and
beauty. The order of their application is
often reversed, to the permanent injury
of the housewife. The principle of ap
propriateness, when strictly interpreted,
throws one back on hygiene. Nothing can
be suitable which is not wholesome for
those who are to use it. At the same time
the first principle of decorative art is that
nothing is beautiful that is not wholly
suitable. Whether the housewife must do
her own work, with inadequate help, or
whether she have an abundance of ser
vice, the greater part of the housework
falls on some woman; everything there
fore should be planned to economize her
strength. Heavy furniture rugs are
wholly unsuitable, unless theNs is a man
to handle thf-m. Heavy dra\eries can
never, be sanitary unless frequently
cleaned; if proper provision cannot be
made tor doing this they should be dis
pensed with. Exquisite cleanliness is the
primary essential ' of good housekeeping,
therefore domestic architecture and in
terior decoration should be conditioned
first of all upon this requirement. Every
additional elaboration in living involves
more labor or less hygienic conditions.
This limitation should never be over
looked in furnishing the house.
Finally, when wholeaomeneas and suit
ability have been fully considered, the
sense of beauty may be gratified. Simple
and inexpensive things need not be ugly,
but often are so because they are poor
imitations or have been designed by taste
less persons, or produced mechanically in,
large quantities. Much is said of the ar
tistic things which can be made of very
cheap materials. Lret no one be deceived.
All beauty, except the beauty of nature,
is costly, either in money or thought.
Only an artist can produce beautiful ef
fects without money. Here and there are
people born with the sense of fitness and
beauty; to them such magic may be pos
sible, but in the majority of mankind the
sense of beauty is an instinct of slow
growth, developed only by careful culti
vation.
To summarize, then: The interior of
the house is a background for the peo
ple who live in it; it is a reflection of
them; it should be the outgrowth of their
tastes and habits. However varied fam
ilies may be, the family is not public and
formal, but homely and unceremonious.
The beauty of nature, when properly in
terpreted, is the best guide to the art of
man. Subordination, symmetry with
variation, perspective, are some of the
F\iKETPstions which nature lends to art.
Health, appropriateness and beauty are
the motives which should determine the
kind and character of furnishings and
decorations in a particular case. In the
following paper the practical application
of these principles will be discussed.
fay if^LZ^u^T
Leland Stanford University.
. •
COURSES OF INSTRUCTION.
Autumn- Winter Term, 1899-1900.
MONDAYS and THURSDAYS:
Popular Studies in Shakespeare.
TUESDAYS: The World's Great
Artists.
WEDNESDAYS: Desk Studies for
Girls and Shop and Trade Studies for
Boys.
FRIDAYS: Great American States
men.
SATURDAYS: Home Science and
Household Economy.
These courses will continue until
February 15, 1900.
Examinations will be held at their
close as a basis for the granting of
certificates.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver advanced. Sterling Exchange weak.
Wheat continues to decline all over* the world.
Barley rules dull at previous prices.
Oats and Rye strong but dull. Corn nominal.
Receipts of Hay liberal and stocks accumulating.
Feedshiifs firm at unchanged quotations.
Potatoes and Onions about the same.
Butter continues to decline. Eggs and Cheese unchanged.
Poultry steady and Game firm.
Receipts of Oranges continue to increase.
Lemons plentiful and lower. Limes unchanged.
Dried Fruit as previously quoted.
No further change in Provisions.
Meat market quiet and steady at former prices.
. firm, with a few variations.
Charters.
Thai H. D. r»endlxen loads lumber at Port
Blake ley for Honolulu. . . .
The Xerelde loads beat at Portland for
Europe, 34s 6d — prior to arrival.
The National Cashbox.
United States Treasurer Roberts report* the
amount of money on hand at the close of
October as follower
Gold C bunion''.'.".'.'.'.'.'."V.V."';*.r.V.V mon.'oco
:
tilver d..llara *11.
Small silver £.379.613
Silver bullion 52,359,030
Tot
United States note's 29,41C,3T.0
Treaaury notes of ISSO 934.356
GtMd certificates 24,844.600
Filvt-r cerlincat.is 6,657.265
Currency certificates SO.OCW
Nationai bank notes 3, 99-1.431
Minor cum, etc 13-j.yjS
Deposits In national banks 82,050.939
Miscellaneous 1.TtTT.325
Total $1,025,156,849
There was a gain last month of $19,000,000
in ■ gold coin through the is-sue of gold coin
uertiticates. and nearly $8,000,000 in gold bul
lion.' There was a decrease of $2.0ii0.000 In
silver dollars and $100,000 in small silver
through increa^'M dem»nd in movement of
crope ana- general trading. Th.> supply of
Breenbacks Wa cut down $2,300,000.
Weather Report.
■■■■..
(120 th Meridian— Pacific me.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 10. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of kiim date last
ppayon, and rainfalls in the last twenty-four
Last Thl3 Last
Stations^- 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka ..'. 0.76 d.71 4.02
Red Bluff o.<>ts 4.76 o.l*l
Sacramento 0.44 6.50 1.00
San Francisco 0.70 6.02 1.92
Fresno 0.00 2.4-5 1.15
Independence- O.<>» 0.37 0.31
San Luis Obispo Traco 4.24 0.59
. ly^s Angeles 0.00 1.57 0.59
San Diego Trace 0.42 0.07
Yuma — O.IS
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62: minimum. SS; mean, 60.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
A storm of considerable energy, which was I
central this morning off the Oregon coast, now
overlies Vancouver Island, and will probably
pass rapidly eastward through the British pos
eei-sions.
The pressure has risen Elight'.y along the cen
tral coast of California. The following maxi
mum velocities are reported: Fort Canby,
sixty miles per hour from the southeast; Ku
reVa. twenty-six from the southwest: Rain
has fallen along the coast from P.iint Concep
cion northward. Thunderstorms are reported
at Eureka and Baker City. The temperatures
have remained nearly stationary west of the i
:
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending mirinieht. November 11:
Northern California— Rain early Saturday
morning.- probably clearing during the day;
iresh southerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Saturday, prob
ably light showers in the early morning; fresh
•westerly winds.
Nevada-tCloudy Saturday, with rain in north
ern portion early Saturday morning; cooler Sat
- Utah — Cloudy Saturday; probable showers;
-
Arizona— Cloudy Saturday; probable light
ehowers In eastern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Saturday;
probr.ble showers in the early morning; clear
ing during' the day; fresh southerly changing
• to westerly winds.
ALEXANI ■ LDIB,
i H orecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The early part of the
day in the stock mark'-t was given over to a
continuance of the throwing over of st -'k
holdings which wa.-* in evidence yesterday. The
liquidation was on a large scale and braced
all departments of th« list. The more highly
speculative industrials - wed the widest
changes, but the selling of the standard rail
road stocks was fully equal in amount. Th^re
was pa stock or group of stocks which took
a conspicuous place apart from othere, unless
It might be. said that the Iron and steel stocks
■were relatively somewhat iim-wr than the gen
eral list. The same n.ight bo said of Northern
Pacific and Union Pacific. Declines at the low
point exceeded a P'>int for many standard rail
rc>ad shares and In a few cages reached up
ward of two. points. Leather, after a break of
live poll rallied pomewhnt and retired into
the background of the trading, transactions in
It being small for the remainder of the day.
Pugar and Manhattan were rather weaker than
the balance of tho list, but they rallied with
considerable vigor. The latttr part of the Jay
■was given over to a gradual and very general
recovery of part of the earlier decline on a
much diminished volume of trading. Most of
the leading railroad stocks rallied a large frac
tion and a number of the trading specialties
between one and two points. Consideration of
the money outlook continued to dominate lent -
ment in the Stock Kxchange. The banks con
tinued to call li.ans for ■Si: amounts the
rate for call money opening at 13 and running
up to 15 per cent. Large amounts of stocks
held' with borrowed money were thrown upon
the market. After each successive period of
liquidation the market fell into a condition of
eemi-stagnatlon. During the aftf-rnoon the rate
for. call money dropped off as low as 3 per cent
and the demand for stocks developed, which
caused the recuperation In prices to the closing
level. The usual preliminary estimates of the
•week's cash movements show.i a rather smaller
shipment to the interior than had l*en esti
mated, .though the io»s to the sub-treasury of
$3,w\000 was up to anticipations. The week's
net "loss In cash ie figured at over $4,00m,W» from
all causes. The easing in the money rate to
day served to ameliorate the dread that to
morrow's bank statement would show an ln
erease In the deficit. Th loan contraction dur
ing the 'week has been large. There wag a
rumor on the floor of the - exchange that the
banks' resources had been Increased by means
of cash deposits by institutions in New York
City,' with a view to relieve the situation. This
rumor could not be traced to any authentic
source, "but affected sentiment on tho Stock
Exchange and Inclined speculative opinion to
look for. another surprise In to-morrow's bank
statement. The stiff money market resulted
In a- further drop in sterling exchange rates,
■which was assisted also by buying of stocks
here for London account, estimated at as high
as 60,0 f )0 shares. New York exchange at Chi
cago rose again to par, but at New Orleans the
exchange continued to run against New York.
Prices of bonds moved in sympathy with
stocks early In the day. but failed to respond
to the late recovery. Total sales, par value,
$2,330,000.
United States 3's advanced Vi and old 4's reg.
letered % in the bid price. The s's registered
declined Vi.
• NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Ebares Closing
Sold. Stocks— Bid.
2,40<) Atchison ...» .' 21H
86.550 Atohis&n prefd f>4V»
'3.C52 Baltimore & Ohio COii
.. MO Canadian Pacific P'J 1 /*
"00 Canada Southern 52^
2.410, Chesapeake & Ohio 27' i
6,250 Chicago Great Western 14 : '
23,6*5 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 181$,
100 Chicago, Ind & Louisville IHi
(CO Chicago, Ind A Louisville prefd 42
730 Chicago & Eastern Illinois tV4
■ 780 Chicago &. Northwestern 197
6.391 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific US j
4,050 C C O & SI Louis $&% I
2.660 Colorado Southern _ 6Vi
Colorado Southern Ist prefd _. 46 j
300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 15,4
1.6i<0 : ■■■■.-. Hudson 120 j
1,250 Delaware, Lack & Western 188%
MOQ l^nver &. liio Grande 2U\
800 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 74>a
200 Erie I2»i
100 Erie Ist prefd 37
1,425 Great Northern prefd 172
HO Hooking C«>al ISM,
100 Hocking Valley 81
SlO Illinois Central 114%
100 lowa Central 13V4
100 lowa Central prefd 58
610 Kansas City, Pittsburg & Gulf 9
i Lake Brie & Western is
200 Lake Erie a.- Western prefd 7?
Lake Shore 198
19.3R0 Louisville & Nashville S4 7 4
| 49.6E-5 Manhattan Elevated 104T,
6.4VS Metropolitan Street Hallway i:i3};
frtf Mexican Central 12^ 4 |
Minneapolis & St Louis 71
Minneapolis & SI Louis prefd M
17.W>0 Missouri Pacific 47%
Mobile & Ohio 43
Missouri, Kansas & Texas 12' i
1.250 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd.. 35% I
3,250 New Jersey Central 122*
C.130 New York Central 135» 4
6,260 Norfolk & Western 26^
2,471 Norfolk & Western prefd 69 T , !
7, 0f.5 Northern Pacific 53^ !
2.445 Northern Pacific prefd 7i ; - s i
7.C00 Ontario & Western 2.V4
Oregon Railway it Navigation 42 *
Oregon Railway .v Nay prefd 76
7,415 Pennsylvania 129%
2.U0 Beading 20V»
13.6' Xi Reading Ist prefd F,si,
1,000 Reading 2d pre-fd 31
218 Rio Grande Western 37Va
Kio Grande Western prefd 83'
100 St Ixwis & San Francisco 10%
St Louis & S F Ist prefd 70U,
070 St Louis & S F 2 prefd 36"
200 St Louis, Southwestern 13
1,025 St Louis, Southwestern prefd... 30»i
2ti,lSo St Paul 114
St Paul prefd 171
100 St I'aul & Omaha 11$
96. 1 M Southern Pacific 40V;
7.450 Southern Railway i:".
12.425 Southern Railway prefd 55%
S.3iO Texas & Pacific t ivl
14,4.'hj Union Pacific 4GT S
7.202 Union Pacific prefd "!5\
1.250 Wabash 7% i
3,400 abash prefd cm i
5,300 Wheeling v I . B lOg i
4.-.; Wheeling A: L E 2d prefd _ Z'jii,
I.OOU Wisconsin Central 19^
A^ x ,nr. 5 ..?.T. r .' a . .no
Adams no ■
American 147 1 i '
160 United States 47U. i
I Wells-Fargo 127 ' *
M -
170 American Cotton Oil ................. 441^
American Cotton Oil prefd 95
R7O American Malting 1214
2.010 American Malting prefd 4>;\
410 American Smelting & Refln. as
1.6C5 American Smelting & Refin prefd.. 87
American Spirit? 44
American Spirit? prefd 17
3.G00 American Steel Hoop 44
1.270 American Steel Hoop prefd 82 1 -.
13,350 American Steel & Wire 47^
ShO American Steel & Wire preM PSi-j I
200 American Tin Plate 324
100 American Tin Plate prefd S2 1 -
I 20,120 American Tobacco ll& T i I
American Tobacco prefd 143 !
2.620 Anaconda Mining Co 447.^ i
43.980 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S6 ! i
4,045 Colorado Fuel & : ron S3^ 1
5.250 Continental Tobacco 4]ij I
2.44" Continental Tobacco prefd .. . 91
14.M0 Federal Steel :.,■
1.000 Federal Steel 1 refd Tgu
€00 General Electric 120
4SO Glucose Sugar 47
....;.. Glucose Sugar prefd 9S
700 International Paper 26
740 International Paper prefd 6914
700 Laclede Gas 77'
125 National Biscuit 40 i
National Biscuit prefd '.- !
COO National Lead 2g%
National Lead prefd 105
525 National Steel • 471J
3fiO National Steel prefd 94 j
100 New York Air Brake 147' 2
2,250 North American 12% :
400 Pa fie 1 "oast 61
Pacific Coast Ist prefd £7
Pacific Coast Id prefd ■■
2,030 Pacific Mail 41
14.185 People's Gas 111%'
400 Pressed Steel Car .v,
Pressed Steel Car prefd SS^
220 Pullman Palace Car i<-5
3.250 Standard Rope & Twine m>i
67,550 Sugar 152H
! Sugar prefd 117*4
3.090 Tennessee Coal & Iron 116%
8.395 United State? Leather 25%
6.710 United States leather prefd 78 j
; 1.4C0 L*nlt< States Rubber 47
372 United State? Rubber prefd 112
1,043 Western Union 88H
100 Republic Iron & Steel 21
200 Republican Iron & Steel prefd 69
: PCC&SI Louis 73
728,500 Shares Sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s reg 100%|M X & T 2ds 69%
! U"S 3a reg 108}, MX &T Is. .. 92%
U S 3s coupon 108% N V Cent Ists 112 "
t B new fa reg....12! , N .1 Cent gen 65.. 119%
! D S new 4s coupon.l2?};|N Carolina 6s . 127
j U B old 4s reg... .1 ■■'•.. N Carolina' 4s 104
'D B old 4s coupon.. 112% N Pac lsts... 113 :
U.S'6B reg ill; ' Pac 3s ' 64' i
! U S :. coupon ilO%jN Pac 4s .....101-% ,
j Dist of Col 3 855. .117 IN V C & St L 45.. 105
I Alabama class A. .109 N & W cons 4s 92
I Alabama class 8..110 N& W g»n 6s. ri.'.
\ Alabama class C..101 Oregon Nay lsts!!!l08
i Alabama currency.ion 'Oregon Nay 4s 10314
j Atchlson gen 45.... 9SH ; • •'■ Short Line 6s 129 '
1 I> adjustment 4' 81% Or 81. cons Zx... 114H
Can Southern 2ds..lOßVi Reading gen 45... SGVi
IC & Ohio-4>4s 95 r<; We?t Ist* 96U
! C A.- Ohio 5s 116% BtL & I M com 6s.HO
!C & Nor CO! 7s 14S StL &B F gen 6s 124%
iCA NB V Deb Ss.. US St Paul cons . 168 "
! Chicago Term 4»... 97%iSt !' C& P lsts 120
i D ■■- B G lsts 100% St P C & p 5, .-»„
ID&RG 4s r 'H Sou !;v Ss... ins *
! E T Va A Ha lst3..lo3%;pundard R & f'6s M
I Erie gen 4s 70 ;Tenn new sett 3s 97
jFW &D C 15t.... 79 Texas & Van Hts'lH
; Gen Klectric r.5....319 ! Texas & Pao Ms ES
I(511& SA Bs 109 Union Pac 4a "-[mv.
j <; n * S A 2-1?. ...!<:'■, Wabash Ists '. 114
! H & T Cent 55. ...110%; Wabash 2ds .. ."'loo>4
. H & T C cons 68r.110 ,' West Shore ii "ll3«?
lowa Cent 15t5. ...113 WJb Cent Ists !"*7S
X C P & <; 15t5. ...171 Va Centuries ... " gg
Lo. new cons 4s 106 |Va Deferred 5
; L & N unified 45.. 99% Colo .South <»'.'."" 84
MINING STOCKS. 1
Chollar 10 1 Ontario . 77;
Crown Point lOjOphlr .. Jo
; Con Cal &Va 185 Plymouth "—;;;."! 10
Deadwood 65 Quicksilver .... '" 175
i GouW& Curry 21 1 Quicksilver pVefd.. 7 00
1 Hale & Norcross.. 2SjKierra Nevada 25 :
! Homestake 66 00 Standard ' 2 '"'
i Iron Silver 67 Union Con .....'"" 28
[Mexican 30: Yellow Jacket ..... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
i ,, on , <>y '~ Do refd 115 !
i Call loans 6 Wls Cent 19« '
j Time loans 066 Dominion C0a1... 46 I
Stockß— i Do prefd 11714 I
Atch Top & S F.. 21% Bonds- *
Do preffl 64 Atchlson 4* 99
I Am Hugar 152 ! Mining Shares—
! Do prefd 117%! Adventure 6
; Pll Tel 356 Allouez Mln C 0.... 3% I
I Boston & Albany.. 27s (Atlantic 24 I
: Boston L 106 Boston & M0nt.. ..322
1 Boston A Maine. ..2os Butte & 805t0n.... 64
; £.. B * Q ......131 Calumet & Hec1a.,765
, Fitohburg prefd.. .l22 Centennial 23
I Gen Eec 120 Franklin 17%
*?? Cral /2 teel 66T » "umboldt 7%
Do prefd 78% Osceols, 54%
M"«nt 12 Parrot 43%
, Old Colony 208 iQulncy 150
Old Dominion 29% j Santa Fe Copper!; 7%
I £ v . ber r , 46% Tamarrk ......... 213
Union Pac. 4-;^ winona m
.Union Land t% Wolverines .'. 43
west End S3 j Utah 1 ■"...•:.•::::: 36
New York 'Money Market.
NEW TORK, Nov. 10,-Money on call easier
I at 3315 per cent: last loan I per cent, ruling
I rate, 13 per cent. Prime mercantile paper.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI,T A SATURDAY, KOTEMBER 11. 1899.
per cent. Sterling exchange weak, with
actual business in bankers" bills at $4 85^©
4 36% for demand axid at $4 Sl 3 i'Ff4 82H for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 834 and $4 STiix)
4 B7H. Commercial bills, $4 SI. Silver certiff
cates, 59VsQ60^»c. Bar silver. 09'iC. Mexican
Jollars, 47'ic. Government bonds Irregular.
State bonds inactive. Railroad bonds weak.
Condition or the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 10.-To-day-s state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available ■■ash balance, $290,502,031: gold re
serve, $256,001,104.
Bank Clearings.
1 NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The following table,
: compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear-
Ings at the principal cities for the week ending
November 10. with the percentage of increase
and decrease, as compared with the correspond
ing week last year:
_. , Pet. Pet.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec
New York $1,064,578,933 45. T
Boston 118,097,949 14.7
Chicago 133,636,910 23.3
Philadelphia 84,512,124 86.0 ....
St. Louis 31.974.321 6 3 .».
Pittsburg 28.115,109 86.1
San Franclsoo 23,4"1.47$ 41.7 ....
Baltimore 19.939,819 13.7 ..
Cincinnati 14.710.500 16.8 ....
Kansas City 15,131,619 19.8 ....
New Orleans 12.768.9f18 25.6 ....
Minneapolis 16.669.501 32 8
Detroit 7.7G6.(>: 1 6 11.9
Cleveland 10.967.401 41.1
Louisville 5.548,527 23.0
Providence 6,788,200 M.I
Milwaukee 6,204,393 20 8
St. Paul 5,7r!>,710
Buffalo 5,460,401 20.5
Omaha  6,999,374 7.2
Indianapolis 7,030,007 25.0 ....
Columbus, Ohio ... 4,974,200 19.7
Savannah 4,258,014 6.5
Denver 3.612. 33 2 .. .
Hartford 2.540,971 10.4
Richmond 3.744,782 32.1
Memphis 3,693,542 7.5 .•...
Washington 2.516.025 23.2 ....
Peoria 2.104.141 19.3
Rochester 2,107,766 28.7 ....
New Haven 1,719,654 43 ...:
Worcester 1.487.319 2.8
Atlanta 2,297.203 18.6
Salt \m\lc City 2,598.031 42.3 ....
Springfield. Mass .. 1.515.590 9.0
Fort Worth 1.722,003 85 3
Portland, Me 1.656.152 9.8
Portland, Or 2.559,998 30 1
St. Joseph 8,292,391 54.4
Los Ang-eles 2.159,291 24 2
Norfolk 2.393.8*8 121.2 ....
Syracuse 1.255.306 33 5
Dos Molnes 1,562.583 lv 1
Nashville 1,622,759 C-2.8 ....
Wilmington, Del .. 793,721 21.2 ....
Fall River 1.056.569 29.7
Scranton 949,216 12.8 ....
Grand Rapids 1.352,502 39.2 ....
Augusta, Ga ..'. 1.362.109 12.3
Lowell 400,927 .... 13.4
Dayton, Ohio 1.199,491 .... 88 9
Seattle £.976.748 133.6
Tucoma 1.010.222 7.6
Spokane 1.242.304 7.8
Sioux City 1. 203. 822 35.1
New Bedford ..:... 767.359 45.8
Knoxvllle. Term 557.."J40
• 6.7
Birmingham 52X,"f,2 47 0 ...
Wichita 493.752 5.0
Binghamton 373.31 V) 15. 4
Lexington, Ky .... 374.7 2 97.0 ....
Jacksonville, F!a... 256,244 26.7 ....
Kalarrazoo ,602 37.0 ....
Akron 445,."<« 14.6
Chattanooga 410,504 21.3
Rockford. 11l 295,448 63 « .. .
Canton. Ohio 245,300 5.6
Springfield, 0hi0... 317,608 50. 9 . ..
Fargo, N. D 804.936 .... 87.7
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 151.931 15.2
Hastings, Neb 143.972 6.9 ....
Fremont. Neb ■ 626 .... 1.8
Davenport 1.150. 41.3
Toledo 2.104,266 13.0
Galvegton 8,657.500 25.1
Houston 10,381,966 26.4
Evansville 937,734 27. S ....
Youngstown. Ohio. 277.008
Springfield, 111 431.280 3.8
Helena 678,193 11.9
Little Rock 524,437 21.0
Macon S&9.000 47.3
Saglnaw 286,86*
Totals U. S $1,7U.125,53S 36.8 ....
Totals outside
N. T 846.540.905 24.3
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $19,068,076 15. 4
Toronto 11.225.114 22.5 ....
Winnipeg 3.::'"2.5!>2 20.9
Halifax 1.698.471 2". 7
Hamilton 883.214 21.2
St. John, N. B 756.513 13.1
Vancouver 1.236,128 96.7
Victoria 782.874 11.7
Totals $38,912,983 31.9
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's. London financial cablegram says:
The markets here were less active to-day
j than yesterday under the influence of Indica
tions of dearer money. Most worthy of these
was the taking of treasury bills offered at
■ 4'h, where it has been expected for the last
I six months that, they would go under 4 per
! cent. Consols fell V American *ecuritles i
I began well, but relapsed on fears that New
York would not receive well the news of the I
rate on the treasury bills. New York, as a
[ matter of fact, sold freely and the close was
flat. Southern Pacific again leading the de
cline.
Spanish 4.= were 65^; Tintos. 46T4: Anacondas.
SVi', Utahs and Bostons were steady. A strong
hint to buy A vinos at 11% was current to
day, emanating from Clarke Warde's friends.
Argentine took £295,000 gold and £00.000 was
engaged for an undisclosed destination. Sil
ver was again hard on Chinese demand.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Nov. Canadian Pacific, 89".;;
Union Pacific preferred, 77*4 : Northern Pa
cific preferred. 78; Atchlson, 22%; Grand Trunk.
7%; Anaconda, 9y. Bar silver, steady, at
27 5-16 d. Money, 2^2% per cent.
Bradstreet's Financial Review.
NBW YORK, Nov. 10.— Bradstreet's review
of the New York stock market to-morrow will
Bay: Although last Saturday's bank statement
I showed that the averages of the Clearlng
' house banks were beHw the l<sral reserve limit |
the stock market displayed little trepidation j
and on last Monday money was relatively quiet.
I^arge speculative interests apparently sup
| ported their specialties on a belief that the
i election would evolve no sweeping changes in
the country's political sentiment. This last
was substantially verified at the polls on Tues
-1 day and produced at the opening on 'Wednesday
not only considerable local buying, but foreign
support as well. It was, however, quickly evi
dent that professional interests were Inclined
to realize on the advance, and later in the day
leans were called freely by the banks, money
becoming relatively less plentiful and iates
naturally stiffened. These lalt.-r tendencies,
as well as the declines in quotations throughout
the list which accompanied them, were even
mere ptrikltmly displayed In Thursday's trad-
Ing, when the whole market developed decided
weakness, the Industrial strikes in particular
rH'.-. ting the renewed acute uncertainty about
the financial situation. There has been more
or l»-.=H discussion as to the great possibility
that the Treasury will relieve the money market
by an offer to purchase bonds, or that tho
slight rises In New York exchange at Western
points arc preliminary to a movement of funds
from the interior to New York. It also does
not escape notice that foreign exchange rates
moved downward BimultaneoUKly with the
: hardening of call money. There seems, how
ever, to be no general expectation of gold Im
jj .rts, not only because of the war In Africa
an.) the rather sensitive financial position
both at London and on the Continent, but be
cause it is felt that any real danger of a flow
! of gold to the Tnited States will ireate a fur
ther and decided advance In rates for money
abroad. The conclusion, therefore, seems to be
that holders of stocks for speculative purposes
had become wearied of carrying them In the
face of a money market in which 8 per cent
i was a comparatively low rate and 10 to 15
I per cent appeared likely to be maintained with
("•me Intermissions. The liquidation Mhich to
I all appearance! set in after Wednesday, \ns
i without reference to the prosperity of the coun-
I try or the continuance of favorable reports of
j railroad earnings. It presented, on the whole
i an opinion in speculative circles that the money
| situation dominates the market, and that until
assurances "f relief from tight money were
; forthcoming it was useless to anticipate a con
tinued or permanent rise in prices. The appar
ent ending of a bullish manipulative deal in
Vnited States Leather common, which sto^lc
has presented some extreme fluctuations als.>
had a bad effect on the market and added to
the uncertainty about the industrials, oM and
new, whl^h was one of the features. On Friday
the market was very weak, with further evi
dences of liquidation and declines throughout
the list. A general expectation of another bad
statement of the banks added to the unsettled
ff-ellng. At the close, however, there was a
moderate rally on covering of shorts and favor
ahie reports about conditions influencing the
money market.
Bradstreet's on Trade.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Bradstreefs to-mor
row will say:
Strength of prices, a natural outcome of past
and present active demand, is still the leading j
feature of the trade situation, notwithstanding ■
unseasonably warm weather in some sections of j
the country tends to restrict retail trade ana
necessarily has some effect on re-orders and
collections by jobbers. Less than ordinary in
terruption is indicated by election day observ
ances. The strength of textiles, both raw ana
manufactured, has been further accentuate !
during the week, increases being noted In raw
cotton, wool and hemp. „ „,
The strength of textiles, leather, oils and
miscellaneous products was calculated to onset
the weakness and irregularity in metals, not
Including iron and steel, however, cereals ana
other food products Haw cotton advanced
easily this week on an appearance of better
buying of foreign consumers. Induced by re
ports of frost damage, small movement and a
domestic demand for the manufactured pro
duct. Realizing later Imparted some irreg""
lartty and even excitement to this utnple. WOO! i
has been equally strong, though transactions j
are smaller and a material g»l" )n prices Is to
be noted, while from the manufactured goods
branch it was reported of confident strength |
and of probable future advances In men's wear
goods and carpets.
(Vreals appear to have reached a dead l p y,f>.
with prices showing little or no change. The
dullness of wh»at at domestic markets finds
explanation m~r>radstreet's statistics of w-rld a
stocks, which indicate a gain for th» month of
(/ver 17.000.iX10 bushels, contributed entirely
from American sources, however, ac foreign
kupjiMhr showed a little shrinkage.
Situs accumulate that shoe manufacturers
and Jobbers are meeting with success In secur-
Ing recently advanced pri>~ p? Hides aJirt leather
am sympathetically strong and shoe manufac
turers are actively employed.
Anxiety in lumber is a feature at many mar
kets and strength of prices is no less mark.-d.
In Iron and steel there Is rather more lrr.'K
ularity noted. Active demand on the r*iroaJ \
account has Induced the advances in Irmi and j
Bteel bars of $5 per t'.n, but steel billets are |
lower. There is a heavy volume of business re
ported In pig iron for late 1900 delivery, and
that product Is slightly higher at the East,
must furnace statistics for October p.ilnt to a
further increase in production, but Btockß again
5(...« a decrease pointing to consumption sti.i j
outstripping production. Copper is dull at the (
recent decline and tin Is rather weaker In |
hardware business is relatively more active at ;
the West, heavy and light sorts being equally
active, but In builders' grades the uutluok at
the East is not so favorable.
High prices are turning away export business
in finished products, but imports show little if
any expansion.
Wheat. Including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 4,465,842 bushels, against 8,036,-
Ssfi bush-is last week, 3,704,693 bushels It: the
corresponding week of K<\ 5,445,542 bushels in
1891 l 664,515 bushels in 1896 and 2,325,025 bush
els In 1895.
Since July 1 this season the exports o_f_
apMrenate 77,239,858 bushels, against 77,620,216
bushels last year and 89,319,734 bushels in
1897-98
Huflness failures for the week number 182 In
the Unietd States, as compared with 1.4 last
week, 187 in this w.-ek a ><-ar ago, 273 in 1897,
258 in !^ and 879 in I^s.
Business failures in th>* Dominion of Canada
number 23. as against 21 last wt?ek. 30 In this
w.-.'k a year ago, 30 in 1897, 44 in isC'b and 4.> in
1895
Dun's Review of Trade.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
The most noteworthy feature of the time Is
the rise in prices. Cotton rose on Wednesday
to 7.ki cents, with much excitement, putting
the price 2H cents higher than it was a year
ago, and yet it was still higher in September,
1597.
Wool has risen relatively moro— about 10 per
cent In two weeks, and the average of 100 quo
tations by Coates Bros. Is higher than it has
been at any other time since May, 1593.
Pig Iron has risen further, *25 being quoted
for Anthracite No. 1. the highest price since
January. ISS3.
But Hides are at the highest point since Jan
uary, 1573. having risen all the year with very
little reaction. Prices of products have not
correspondingly advanced. Leather and Boots
and Shoes were higher in November. 1895, than
they nre now; Cotton goods were higher In
January. 1*96, and Woolen goods In July, 1594;
and even the products of Iron, although greatly
advanced, are not as high as they were In Jan
uary. !•:■'
Such wide discrepancies In advance cause
much embarrassment, but are the natural
characteristic of a rise which Is mainly due,
not to concerted action in any trade, but to
the pressure of a consuming demand, the great
est ever known, which . for the time exceeds
supplies, though very unequally. Its results
begin to justify the conservative feeling which
finds expression In many branches of business.
The iron industry, which has led all otheru
in the advance, bow leads the way toward a
readjustment of values. While contracts for
pig cover the entire product of the most impor
tant districts for Mx to nine months In ad- \
vance, many of the consuming works In some i
lines approach the end of their orders and have
new competition to meet, so that sheets have ■
fallen $4 per ton at Pittsburg and $9 from the
highest point in September, and plates are $«
lower there and $3 at Philadelphia. At the
same time bars are $1 per ton higher, both at
Philadelphia and Pittsburgh the demand ooing
enormous, and at Chicago very heavy contracts
have been made for car and implement works.
A bridge combination is thought likely to af
fect future business In structural shapes, which
continues large for the season. A break In the
London market depressed Tin. and sales were
made at 28 cents. 800 l and shoe makers are
generally getting about the 10 cents per pair
advance they have held necessary, and have as
large contracts in most lines as they now wish
to close, in view of the uncertainty about
materials. Leather continues very strong, and
In that also dealers are not anxious for greater
commitments, but the consuming demand
causes large sales In advance of production.
Wool has been very strong again, though
sales at Boston were but 13,404,000 pounds,
against 21,657,300 pounds the week before; nut
largp transactions elsewhere raised the week's
aggregate to 20.201,000 pounds, and buyers hold
firmly for outside prices. Nothing like the
sensational rise of last week has continued,
and the buying by manufacturers is slow,
though still large. This and accounts of good
trade Indicate that an extraordinary business
Is expected for the next season.
Th'- risi ll ■■ -t helps manufacturers
whose contracts cover production well ahead.
but the lining has been mainly by trnilerp and
largely on expectation of n very low cs
timate of yield by the department. While last
year*! estimate was not highly ai'cu
irade here and abroad then
counted on a large crop and was right.
Wheat t:a= not been very active nor strong.
although Western receipt.! have much declined,
being 4,Ti:!1,%7 bushels for the week, against
i* bushels last year. Exports ar>' also
smaller, the Atlantic being 2.. r ,ti3.637 bushels,
flour Included, against 3.335,f.n0 bushels for the
week last year, and Pacific L 188 ,699 bushels,
against l.r>K:tfil bushels lust y*«r. The decrease
In foreign demand may be ascribed In part to
heavy previous exports, hut perhaps still more
to the great mnvem°nt of Corn, 3,450,104 bUSheIM
for the week, against 2,062,331 bushels last year.
Corn advanced about as much as Wheat fell,
though with prospects of a heavy yield.
Failures for the week have been 157 In the
Dnited States, against 211 last, year, and 23 in
Canada, against 2H lapt year.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— Receipts.
16.785 barrels; exports, 12.43S barrels. Rales,
12,000 packages. Easier under continued de
cline In wheat, negotiations still pending on
66,000 package* rumored as sold yesterday: con
summation probable. Minnesota patents, $3 75©
3 95; Minnesota bakers, $2 Bf>®3 15; winter pat
ents, $3 6003 75; winter straits. $3 1503 50; win
ter extras, $2 60@2 85; winter low grades. $2 25
02 40.
"WHEAT— 43.435 bushels; sales 40.
--000 bushels spot. Spot, dull. No. 2 red. 73'*>c
f. o. b. afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth,
I 77V£c f. o. 1). afloat to arrive, new; No. 2 red,
71% c elevator. Options opened easy at a de
cline of %c and further declined 1 / t ( ff : '»c under
lower cables, expected heavy increase in the
visible supply Monday, large Argentine ship
ments, a slack export demand and an absence
of speculative support. Rallied partially on
covering, but closed easy at Vig%c net decline.
Sales, No. 2 red, March, closed 75% c; May,
75%(fi76ViC, closed 76c; December, 72Vi<g>72 9-16 c,
close] 72% c.
HOPS—
HIDES— Firm.
"WOOL—
METALS— Tin went off heavy to-day under
the weight of weak cables, disappointing news
! from domestic producing points and liberal
i local offerings. The other departments showed
I no new features of interest, ruling generally
dull and easy at about former quotations. At'
the close the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlßON— Warrants, dull and easy, with
sellers of March to June delivery at $16.
LAKE COPPER— at $17.
TlN— Weak at the decline, now quoted at $2S
@28 25.
LEAD— Quiet, with $4 55 bid and $4 65 asked.
The brokers' price for lead Is $4 40 and for
copper $17.
SPELTER— DuII, with $4 65 bid and $4 75
asked.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at a net loss
of -10020 points. Rales, 29.000 bags, Including:
December. $5 50#5 70; January. $3 50@5 70:
February. $5 75; March. $5 65©5 80; April. $5 70
05 90; May, $5 70@5 90; July, $5 8006 05; August.
$5 90®6 06: October, . $606 15. Spot— Rio, nomi
nal. — Nominal.
SUGAR— Raw, dull and nominal. Fair re
fining, 3\c; centrifugal, 96 test. 4^ic; molasses
sugar, 3 9-16 c. Refined, quiet.
BUTTER— Receipts. 2253 packages: firm.
Western creamery, lS@2sc; June creamery, lS<Ej>
23'4c; factory, 15017 c
Receipts, r>295 packages; strong.
Western unchanged at mark. 14@20c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Nov. 10.— California dried fruits
! steady. Evaporated apples— Common, 6f?7e;
..rime extra, 7*«fi"Bc: choice. SVi'S'S'ic; fancy.
B%@9c. Prunes— 3%@B%c per pound, as to
i size and quality. Apricots— Royal, p''"'*:
JMoorpark, 15©18 c. Peaches— Peeled, 20<y22e;
' unpeeled, 7M>@loc.
Chicago Grain Market.
; • "
i CHICAGO. Nov. 10.— Information completely
discouraging to the bull sentiment caused an
i opening break in wheat of %@%c. December
• started at 67% c and May at 71%@71%c. Liver
pool was weak and grew steadily weaker with
the progress of trading, but the chief factor
In the decline was the heavy Argentine ship
ments, which caused a lot of liquidating by
local longs. The Argentine supply was gen
erally supposed to have been exhausted and the
news that shipments from the other side of the
equator were 1,752,000 bushels came as a sur
prise. The price held for a short time on the
. buying of shorts and against puts, December
1 touching 67»4c and May 71% c, but the letting
out of long wheat caused a decline, December j
dropping to 67% c and May to 71V s c. A report
that the Argentine crop had been injured by
frost and dry weather caused a rally from
the bottom, but as there was no confirmation
i of the report the little gain was soon lost.
Covering by shorts near the end of the sea
■ sion caused an advance, December going to
67% c and May to " 15 v: %@%c below yester
day and the close was at those prices. A
feature of the market was the narrowing of
the December-May spread to 3%c, with a good
deal of changing as if the elevator people were
accepting the difference.
I An undercurrent of confidence in the future
I value of corn rescued that cereal j from the
demoralization which struck wheat. This, It
is believed, was largely based on the small
ness of country offerings. December closed at
3Hii@3l%c, unchanged from yesterday. May
closed a shade down at 32% c asked.
Oats were neglected by speculators, selling
within a range of Vie and acting in a sluggish
sort of way with corn. December closed at
22% c.
Provisions excited little interest. Buying of
i December pork aided the price for a time, but
the weakness of the grain market and lower
hog prices counteracted this. January pork
closed 5c lower, January lard a shade under,
and January ribs 2%0 lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
December 67% 67% 67% 67%
May 71% "1% 71% 71%
Corn No. 2 —
December 31U 31% 31% 31%
January 30% 31 80% 80%
May 32% 32% 32% 32%
Oats No. 2—
December 22% 224 22' i 22"
May 23% 23% 23% 23%
I Mess Pork, per barrel —
December 8 17% 8 274 8 17% '8 27%
January 970 . 975 966 9 «7%
May 9SO 9 52% 9 72% 9 72%
Lard, per 100 pounds—
December 505 5 07% 505 6 07%
January 5 28 5 25 6 25 5 25
May 540 5 424 540 540
Short nibs, per 100 pounds—
December 4 92% 4 92% 490 490
January 500 5 12% 4 97% 500
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
slow: No. 3 spring wheat. lie; No. 2 red <K<?J
69c; No. 2 corn. 31%®32c; No. 2 oats, 23'*<<i24 l / ;c;
No 2 white 25»i<g:26Uc; No. 3 white, 24%@ffi%c;
No. 2 rye. 50c; No. 2 barley, 344139? ; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 27%; prime timothy seed, $2 -r .l' 55:
mcfs pork, per barrel, $7 '."I'd^ 30; lard, per 100
pounds, $5 05@5 17%; short ribs sides (loose),
$4 Sf)!fis 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 15 37%
'-(.". 50; short clear sides (boxed), $5 20@5 30;
whisky, distillers' finished goods, per gallon,
$1 23%.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels 21.000 11.000
Wheat, bushels 206,000 12,000
Corn, bushels 204,000 400.000
Oats, bushels 262,000 466.000
Rye. bushels 2.000 6,000
Rnrley. bushels 57.000 27,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm: creamery. 15@24c; dairy, lo 1 ®
21c. Cheese, weak, 11%§12Uc. Eggs, firm;
fresh. ISc.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec Mar. Mr,-.
Opening 5 10 5 11% 6 11%
Closing 5 9 M 6 10% 6 11
PARIS.
Wheat — Nov. Mar.-June.
Opening 17 70 IS 90
Closing 17 55 IS SO
Floui^
lng 23 95 25 15
Closing 23 65 25 00
California Fruit Sales.
The Earl' Fruit Company realized th» follow
ing prices at auction to-day.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 10.— Grapes— Tokays,
single crates. $1 40"} 1 60; average, $1 41. One
carload was sow.
BOSTON Nov. 10.— Grapes — Cornlcnon. single
crates. $1 &5#2 25, average $2 OS; Tokays, Ji 50®
(2 45, average Jl 55; double crates, $2 30<fj 4 06,
average $3 35. One carload was sold. Favor
able weather.
NEW YORK. Nov. 10.— Grapes— Cornlohon,
single crates. $1 65*91 75. average 11 66; Tokays,
$1 25©1 70, average 53; double crates, Jl sj*j
3 90, average J3 67. Three carloads were scl'J.
Favorable weather.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— Grapes— Emperor, single
crates, $1109140, average $122; Red Emperor,
$1 u.'-'il 70, average $143; Malaga, 60@65c, aver
age 61c; Tokay?, 75090 c, average 77c. Four car
loads were sold. Cloudy weather.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Nov. Clearings. $394,612:
balances, $36,707.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Nov. 10.— Wheat— Buyera were
very scarce to-day, and while some were out of
the market others ventured a nominal quota
tion of 53954 c for Walla Walla and 54c for
Valley. Very little If offering at these prices.
Cleared— German ship Nlobe, for Queens
town, with 114.M57 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. Wheat continues weak
and a drop of Vie is noted to-Cay. Club. Mci
Blue Stem, 63Vic Cf
Chicago Livestock { Market.
CHICAGO, Nov. 10.— CATTLE— Market gener
ally active; prices strong; common grades In
demand; range cattle firm; cow market firm.
Good to choice. $5 80@6 60: poor to medium,
$1 40@5 75: mixed stockers, $3@3 75: selected
feeders, $4 20@4 65; good to choice cows, $2 60®
4 60: heifers, $805 20; manners. $1 75@3; bulls
J2 50<g>4 50; calves, J4<(l7; fed Texas beeves J4@
5 60; Brass Texas steers. $3 25@4 05; Western
range beeves, J4igs 30.
HOGS— The market was a shade lower clos
ing steady at slight decline. Tops. $4 35- mixed
and butchers, $494 30; good to choice 'heavy
$4 10©480; rough heavy, $3 9004; light 14®
4 22H: bulk of sales. $4 10®4 15 * *
SHEEP— Mostly natives. Best grades steady
other trades weak to 10c lower; lambs closed
lie lower. Native wethers, $3 7594 75- lambs
$4@3 40; Western wethers, $404 40; Western
lambs. $4 50f?5 40. esiern
Receipts— Cattle, 2500; hoes. 30.000; sheep.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON", Nov. 10.— Consols, 103 15-16; »llver
27 B-16d; French rentes. lOOf 20c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, easier and neglected; English country
markets, quiet. v)
LIVERPOOL, Nov. -Wheat, dull- No 1
standard California, 6s 2d@6s 2M>d- wheat 'in
Pans, dull; Hour in Paris, dull; French country
markets, weak. . ''
COTTON— 4 3-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot— No. 2 red Western winter
dull. 5s Wd; No. 1 California. 6s 2^6^ ?vw".
No. 1 Northern spring, dull. 5s liu,d FutureV-1
Dull; December. 6s 9Hd; March. 5s 10Hd; MayT
CORN-Spot-American mixed, new and old
steady. 3s 6Hd- Futures-Quiet: November 3s
5%d; December, 3s 6d; January. 3s 6d
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days _ «V 01
Sterling Exchange, sight ..." _ I S
Sterling Cables \" _ * "
New TtOrit Exchange. sight. . .■.':.' _ ?,,
New "lork Exchange, telegraphic _ JjM.
Mexican Dollars « jfj?
Fine Silver, per ounce .'. _ ij^
. ■" 69 7*
l^tea* and Other Grains.
WHEAT-The market continues to decline
and futures were again lower. Spot quotations
remain unchanged. "unions
Liverpool was lower, owing to hoax Anren
tine shipments of .1,750.000 bushels. Chicago
shaded off in sympathy, though there were
more buyers than sellers at the decline New
Inrk bought freely, but Chicago and the NortlT
west sold freely. St. Louis wVs stron*. Beer!
bohm reported damage from frost In the Ar
gentine, but Broomhall reported prospects ex
cellent.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 02Vi@l 03%; milling,
?1 07%@l 10.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— May— l6,ooo
ctls, $112%; 4000. 12%; 6000, $112%. December
—34.000, $105; 2000, $1 05%: 4000, $1 05>4.
Second Session— May— ctls, $1 12Vi. Decem
ber—l6,ooo, $104%; 10,000, $104%.
Regular Morning Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$104%; 4000, $104%: 6000, $104%. May— Booo,
$1 11"« : 4000, $1 12; 6000, $1 12%.
Afternoon Session— 2000 ctls. $104%; 22,000,
$1 04%. -26,000, $1 12; 4000, $1 12%.
BARLEY— The MacMahon takes for Cork 67,
--890 ctls, valued at $63,765.
Previous conditions prevail. Speculation is
dead, business on call being quieter than for a
long time. Shippers are buying in the country,
but the city market is neglected.
Feed, 76@86c; Brewing and shipping grades,
90@95c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:l6 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS- Are th.' strongest cereal in the mar
ket, but the demand continues quiet. White,
$110@130; Red, $1 07»4@l Gray, $1 07^'g)
lll\i; Black, 97Vs>c£$l 10.
CORN Eastern large Yellow, $1 05@-l 07Vj:
White $1 05<ffil 07>-f : mixed. II 02%®l 05 per ctl.
RYE— Firm at 97V6c(Q-$l 02^ per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at H 90®2 15 per ctl.
Flour and Mill stuffs.
The China steamer took out 7215 bblg Flour.
FLOI It California family extras, $3 60® 3 75,
UKtial terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40(g3 50 per barrel for ex
tra, $3 25'cj3 40 for bakers, and $2 25®3 for super
fine.
MILLSTITFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 7G; Rye
Meal $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 25: Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 25^3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. $4(54 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina.
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 10; Rolled Oats
$6 05@6 46: In sacks, $5 Ss!g6 25; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas, $5 per
100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Receipts of Hay have b<"°n liberal during the
past few days, and as the rain has stopped all
trading there will be an accumulation of stook
when the weather dears, and dealers think that
It will affect the market.
Peedstufffl arc <iu..t''.i firm at previous prices.
BRAN *17<i li Ml pf-r ton.
MIDDLINGS- -$l?@20 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Hurley, $IS@lB 30 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $26-^27: Jobbing.
|27 50@28; Cocoanut Cake, $20(521; Cornmeal,
: 24 50; Cracked Corn, $24@20; Mixed Feed,
$16 60017; Cottonaeed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAT- Wheat, $B®9 60 for common tn good and
$10@10 ",0 for choice. Wheat and Oat, $7 50<3>9 50-
Oal $708 50; Barley, $6@B; Alfalfa. $s@s per
ton; Ci mpi B 50 per ton.
tsTHAW-3fi'.7 4J'-j<: l'-r bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The only features in Reans at present Is the
■low upward movement in Bayos, the other
elng dull but firm.
RKANS— Bayos, $2 75@2 85; small White. $2 85
©2 95; lane White, $2 30@2 40; Pinks. $2 50@2 65;
Reds, 865®575; Blackeye, $4 o0; Butters, $3;
Lima, $4 9095; Pea, $2 75® 3; Red Kidneys, $2 60
<£Z 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. 3@3i4c: Yellow Mus
tard, 4S4'-ic; Flax, nominal; Canary. lUc per
lb for California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2%@3c; Hemp, 4£4V4c; Timothy,
4@4%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niies, $1 35@1 50; Green. $175
©1 S3 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
River Potatoes are weak. Onions are in light
er supply and steadier, but no higher.
Th're is nothing new in Vegetables.
POTATOES River Reds, 50060 c; Burbanks,
;•• r <■!!: Salinaa Tiurb-jnks. $lfjl 25; Ore
gon Burbanks, 65c@Sl 1"; Swept Potatoes, 50@
650 for Rivers and $1 for Merced.
ONK INS 6S
VEGETABLES Green Peas. OGc per lb;
String Beans, <ii*c; Lima Beans, 4'gfic;
T.in-.atnes, 25050 c; Kgg Plant.
Dried Okra, I2*4c per lb: Garlic, 2^30;
Gr°en Peppers, 60@65c per box; Carrots. 30'g40c
per sack: Cucumbers, 40®5Oo; Marrowfat
Bqaash, 88010 per t"n; Mushrooms, S®loc per
lb for choice and 4'ffsc for poor.
Poultry and Game.
Turkeys continue firm, and the whole mar
ket is steady with moderate stocks.
There Is nothing new in Game, the market
being firm with l'.cht receipts.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
blers and 13'TIT'O for Hens: Young Turkeys. 18
<Fi ; l7c; Dressed Turkeys, 17@19c; Geese, per pair.
l\ 50^1 76; Goßlings, $1 50©l 75: Ducks. $4Sj;4 50
for old and $4 6006 60 for young: Hens, $4 S<KJ
S 50; Young RoostPrs, $4@5; Old Roosters, $4 60;
Fryers, $3 6004; Broilers, $3 2r.®3 50 for large,'
$"•;:! 23 for small: Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen for
old and $1 75®2 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $2 60@3; Mallard, &-ss; Can
va?back. ■ Ml: Spring, $4Ti5: Teal, $3'a4;
Widgeon, $2 50® 3; Small Duck. $2'f2 50; Doves,
7.'.'J7.'v.r per dozen: Hare. $1 25@1 50: Rabbits
$1 7502; Gray Geese, $3 5004; White, $1 75;
Brant. $2Cq3: English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen:
Jack Snipe. $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues to decline and dealers re
port the demand very poor, sales being small.
Stocks are more than sufficient for present
needs.
Kirns are steady and unchanged.
BUTTER—
Creamery- Fancy creamery, 24@25c; seconds,
23c.
Dairy— Fancy, 23c; good to choice, 223*2Hc:
common, 21c.
Pickled roll. 22«24c; firkin. 21@22%c; cream
ery tub, C2H®24c.
Eastern— l7@lßc for ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin; Oregon ladle, 17®19c per lb.
CHEESE— mild new, ll^c; old, 10%@
lie; Young America, ll'^c; Eastern, 14@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 25ff?32M>c for store and 3S@
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 27@28c for
selected, 24@26c for No. 1 and 20@22Vjc for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
! Two cars of Oranges came In. besides the
usual odd lota. The market is easy. Lemons
are dull and weak, with plenty here. Limes
are unchanged.
There are no Wine Grapes on the market and
the quotations are accordingly dropped. Table
Grapes are doing better, there being a shipping
demand for orates.
Cranberries are higher, being well cleaned
up.
DECIDUOUS fruits—
Apples. 35«f65c per box for common; 75c@Jl
for good and $1 25 for choice.
BEHRlKS— Blackberries. per chest-
Strawberries, $10 per chest for small and
$4 for large berries; Raspberries, $4 50©6
per chest; Huckleberries. s@6c per 1b; "Wiscon
sin Cranberries, $7@S per bbl ; Cape Cod Cran
berries. $809; Coos Bay Cranberries, $2@2 25
per box.
Persimmons, 50c(5>$l per box.
Grapes, 25<i?65c per box; crates, 60!3>S5c ■•
Winter Pears, 50c(J?$l 25 per box.
Quinces, 40{160c per box.
Pomegranates. 50@75c per small box
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 Ts@4 per
box; Seedlings, f2&8; Grape Fruit, $I<§4-
Lemons, "Sc(f?Sl 60 for common and $2@3 50 for
food to choice; Mexican Limes, $4: Bananas $2
®3 50 per bunch; Pineapples, fl@2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, 4%c for
40-50's. 4Hc for 50-CO - s. 3?ic ror 60-70's. 3V4c for
70-SO's, 3c for 80-90's and 2%c for 90-100*8; Apri
cots. ll@l3c for Royals. 12^® 16c for '.Moor
parks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches, 5@
5Hc for Standards, 6@6M;C for choice and 7c for
fancy; peeled Peaches, 12%@i5c; Evaporated
Apples. 7©7?ic; Sun-dried, 5(g5%c per Ib; Nec
tarines, B%(fi9c per lb for red; Pears, 6V4@Bc for
quarters and B^loc for halves; Black Figs 30 I
.Ty,c; White Figs, 4© 6 c; Bleached Plums, B®9c; !
Unbleached Plums, 7@7%c for pitted and me
for unpitted.
RAISINS— Bieacheii Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 1 c; choice, 9c; standard. Be: prime 6c; un
bleached Thompson's per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb SV4c; choice, 7^c; standard, 6V4c;
prime, sc; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless,
50-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels oVjc;
3-crown, 6Hc; 4-crown. 7c; London Layers, '
X-crown, $1 50 per box; 3-crown, $1 60 Fancy r
Clusters. $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperjal, $3. All
prices nr re f. °" b. at -. common shipping points
in California.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S@l2^c; Walnuts, 9@loc for
standards, and i"' r -. ) n' 2 r for softshell; Al
monds, i:@l3»Sc or paper-shell, 10@llc for soft
and s®6c for hardshell; Peanuts. s>i@6?4c for i
Eastern, and Cc for California; Brazil Nuts.
.VciSWc; Filberts,. 11%@12c; Pecans. 10@Uc;
Cocoa nuts. $4 .'035.
HONEY— Comb. ll^e for bright and 10^4 for
light amber; water white extracted, 7\i#7V4c; I
light amber extracted. 64<ff7c; dark, SV-C per lb.
BEESWAX— 26c per lb
Provisions.
The rainy weather makes local trade dull.
CURED MKATS— Bacon, s'-e per lb for
heavy. 9@S^c for light medium, lie for light.
12% c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12M;<313c; California
Hams, lftiOlSc: Mpss Beef. $11 per bbl; extra
Mess. 512 50; Family. $14; extra Prime Pork,
112 50; extra clear. $16 50; mess. $15@15 50;
Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LAUD— Tierces quoted at fi(fl6iic per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels, pure
7Vsc; 10-lh tins, 8c; 5-lb tins, SVic.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7^ST%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under Quotations. Heavy sal tad ctur>
AUCTION SALES
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
pets, nesk?; and Merchandise, to Parties
Not Wishing to Walt for Auction
Returns.-
CONTINUATION SALE !
THIS DAY, Saturday. Nov. v, iggg at 1}
°u c °S k , a - m - in OUr salesrooms, we will <,»ii
the baiance of Magnificent Furniture Works nf
-1 e }, c , 1 ctp '- fts formerly advertised The
Bale will commence at No. 2fto on catalogue "
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. Auctioneers'
31 and 33 Sutter st.
llHc; medium, lie; light, lOHc; Cowhides ira
Dry Hides sound, 17®lSc; Sills and bran^
Dry Hides, sound. 17©18 c; culls and h ra ', s '
Me; Dry Kip and Veal. 16c; Dry Calf i&
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5c per lb; No I
4%c; refined. ' — ; grease, 2U - C - • '
Fall clip— San Joaquin plains 7%®9c- Smith
em. 7@loc; Middle County, lO^k&Tainiboiat
and Mendoctno. 16©16 c; Eastern Orego" 1?
\h i ppi 1b Northern Mountain, defective, 9®
HOPS— per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
EF 7<s7%c Per Ib for steers and 614 ® 7 ° for
VEAL— Siff9<j per lb.
Kssssagsv Ewes - 6Hc per ib -
PORK— Live Hogs. 5% c for email, sU®sr^ Q
and Feeders. sc; dressed Hogs, 7SBMiC.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7@7% O - Wool
Bags. 28@30c; Fruit Rags, fie, 6%c and 6%c for
the three grades of white and 7>*c for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld ■Wellington, $7 50; Seattle $6-
Bryant. $6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $8; Scotch'
■ ; Cumberland. $9 75 in bulk and $n 25 in
Backs: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg $13- ran
nel, $8 50 per ton: Rock Springs find Cast?*
Gate, $9 60; Coke, $13 per ton In bulk an "sis
in sacks. . * J
RICE— Is firm. China mixed. $3 75@3 80- rhino
No. 1. $450®4»0; extra do, ' $5^5 25;". Hawaiian
$4 87%@5; Japan, $4 "."/..:,; Louisiana $s<g6
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining' Com
pany quotes, terms net cash. in 100-lb ba«s-
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, sstc- Pow
dered, 5%c; Candy Granulated. 6c; Dry Granu"
lated, 4%c; Confectioners A, 4%c; California a"
; Magnolia A, 4' 2 c; Extra C, 4%c; Golden
C. 4Vic: barrels, 1-lSc more; half-barrels \.c
more: boxes, %c more; 60-lb bags, Ho more
No order taken for legs than 75 barrels or its
equivalent. Dominoes, -barrels, 5%c; boxes,
6%c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY NOVEMBER 10.
Flour, qr ska 19.3601 Leather, rolls lit
Wheat, ctls 1,150; Sugar, sks ... 900
Barley, ctls 19,730 Beans, sks 1 m.%
Oats, ctls 2.060 1 Potatoes, sks '.'.' 5*288
Corn, ctls 30 Onions, ska .. '",-,;
Butter, ctls 134 Bran sks " l '-',-
Cheese, ctls 104 Middlings, sks .. M
Tallow, ctls 30 Mustard sks ...'. 496
Quicksilver, risks 40 Hay. tons (72)
Wine, gals 23.200! Straw, tons .. 20
Brandy, gals 6,350 Pelts, bdls ... " -pi
Eggs, doz 5.130 Woo! bags ...... 341
Raisins, bxs — 5,229 Shorts ska ... 455
Sugar, bhls 150 Hides No "' 4'k
Lime, bbls 273: "" 4 " a
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 832,
Family Retail Market.
Butter Is again cheaper. Eggs ana Cheese
are unchanged from last week. ;
In Meat the only change Is in Hams, which
are cheaper. Fresh Meats bid fair to continue
high for some time to come.
Oranges are coming in more freely, and will
soon be plentiful. The other Fruits' are- now
practically limited to Apples, Pears and Grapes,
and the rains are rapidly finishing the latter!
Vegetable? stand about the same as usual.
Some kinds of Poultry are less plentiful
owing to diminished receipts from the East'
but prices show little change. Game continues
too dear for the ordinary purse
Fish is scarce, owing to the storm, and th«
prices are high. ' °
Coal, per ton —
CanneJ $ @io 50 Castle Gate... 11 50®
Wellington . ©10 00 Southfleld
New Welling- Wellington m 50
_ ton ©10 00 Coos Bay — I®7 00
Seattle 8 00® Vi
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, fancy, per ! Common Egg 5... .25030
square ••••■ -«65 Ranch Eggs* per
Do, per roll -@>50 dozen .....! 45<3^-
Do. good Honey Comb, per
Cheese. Cal — ©15 1 pound .... 12015
Cheese. Eastern. .l7@2o Do. extracted '"— ®19
Cheese. Swiss 20&25 1
Meats, per 1b — ' .
gacon 1:51: Pork, fresh is@2o
Beef, choice IS@2O Pork, salt . 12§l=>
Do, good lO@io!Pork Chops ....".".lslll
Corned Beef —©101 Round Steak,., lcai*
Ham. Cal 15-3— Sirloin Steak . "ls#-I
Do, Eastern... 17%®— ! Porterhouse, do""2Cs's
Lard 12'« 15 Smoked Beef ....12015
Mutton 10@15 Pork Sausages.. 121- 'V <
Lamb 12@15|Veal ? il@2Q
Poultry and Game — - • . .
Hens, each 50@63 I Quail, per d0z...3@3 50
Young Roosters. 1 Mallard. pair $1 50®2 00
each 40®6.0 Canvasback. pair
Old roosters, ea^Si^S*)' : $15003 50
Fryers, each 40@50 Sprig, per paJr...'7sc«a
Broilers, each 35'i?4O.Teal, per pair 75c®$l
Turkeys, per 1b....15@22; Widgeon, per pr..—
Ducks, each 50060 Small Duck, per
Geese. each..Jl 25(@;i 50 pair 50@60
] Pigeons, pair ... .40050 Wild Geese.. per
Rabbits, pair 50@60; pair ..... 50-3:75
Hare, each — ©25; English Snipe, "dx $3 oe
Doves, per d0z....Jl 00 Jack Snipe $2 00
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 15@20f Limes, per doz.. 15020
Apples 4@ 6 Pears, per lb 50 8
Bananas, doz ....20@25iRaisins. 1b... 6@io
! Cranberries, qt...10<512 Raspberries, per
i Grapes, per — big! 8 drawer ..: 35@50
Huckleberries, lb.l(i(&12 .Strawberries, per
Oranges, pr d0z..25@50 drawer ". .2S®SO
' Lemons, doz 20@25 Walnuts, lb Qls
Vegetables— . '.
Artichokes, d0*...50<@73 Onions, lb 2@ t
Beets, doz 12015 Okra, dry, per lb. —^?2s
Beans, white, lb.. 5@ — Peppers, green, lb B@lO
Colored, lb *<& 5 Potatoes, lb 3@ 5
Lima, lb 6@ 8 Sweet. Potatoes..'. 3-3 1 4
Cabbage, each ... s^in Parsnips, doz ...'.ls®— '
I Cauliflowers, each 5010 Radishes, dz bchslD@l2
Celery, bunch ... s<g>— |Sage, doz bnchs. .2ss3s
' Cucumbers, doz...ls@2o|String Beans.' 1b...6@10
Cress, doz bnchs. Summer Squash,
Egg Plant, per lb 60 8 per lb 6@B
Green Peas. 1b... 6© 8 Thyme, lb 9OOSO
Lentils, lb 80 Turnips, doz .• lO^lS
Lettuce, doz IS®— ITomatoes, lb 4@ 0
Fish
Barracuda Shrimps -hSIO
Carp —Via Shad — #15
Codfish (gls Sea Basa — <gir,
Flounders 12©— I Smelts —^15
Halibut — §— Soles — ©15
Herring ~S~ Skates, each 10015
Kingflsh — ©15 Tomcod <@is
Mackerel —©—Clams, gal Go<3—
Do. Horse — 0 — Do hardshell,loo 40«.v>
Perch —^— Crabs, each 10@15
Pompano — C~ Do softshell.doz 25@35
Rockflsh 16@20 Mussels, gut io@i2
Salmon, smoked .200— Oysters. Cal, 100..40@50
Salmon, fresh — @20| Do Eastern, dz.25@40
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business on the morning session of the Bond
I Exchange was moderate. Spring Valley Water
was still lower at $97 60@9S. Hutchlnson Plan,
tation was firm at 128 87&; Oceanic at $92 and
Contra Costa Water at $77@77 12&
Afternoon sales showed little change
I On the morning session of the California
I Oil Exchange there was a further decline In
. Tidal Wave to $2 45.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
1 5£R A 3 > ember 10. 2 p. m.
_.„ . Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
Tj S Bonds— Equit G LCo 6>4 6U
«s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. 13% II
Is quar reg.... - - OG L & H...'. 45 47**
«s quar new... _ 131% Pac Gas 1m... 66H 6*
Ss quar coup.. 107%10S Pac Ll K ht Co 4<iu 42
Miscellaneous- SPG &X. 57>J 57
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 - San Fran - 3^
m t W £ 1 I? «"J2! Vi Stockton 11 -
Ed L & P 68.130 — Insurance
r e ?rv C it £ k s - 115 r F '^'s Fund. 22o -
H 5^ £L. 6S \^,, 95 Bank Stocks
«C & S i5 ..107H - Anglo-Cal ..65 -
L, A Ry • ; ...lOSViIO6H Bank of Cal... - «8
Do gntd I 3 '' 99 - Cal SD & T.. 96 MB*
n« ff"nH f S " " ~ Fldst National -
rDo gtnd 55.. — — Lo n p & a. ...129 —
h \ & p R ss - 104 - we" ex*.^:::: -16
warket-st 65... 128*1 — v ev N at 8K...W4U0
NCKC n &HS* M »H Banks-
V d ,7. , ISII2 — Gor S & L.. :
N nnf r al | - SU I, ~ lHum S & £-1
-^ i 1 Lll li OS. IOI —up 5-,, it 500 —
NpcHßss.io^os F & s 1 v s^::: 5 - ss
OP T L 5 *^ 1274 - Se <-* Say Bk - 310
O«k t & H P 5s -! os^ - Union T Co!... 1400 1440
S* JraM te..ru 112 : Street Railroad—
Om CRy S-^tKB California 120 -
<->m c Ky 65.. — — searv .SO —
P& Cl Ry 65..107^ - | Mnrkct-st ".'.'... « -
Continued on Page Thirteen.I [ or the ] 1
V V BAT cities
SOCIAL DOINGS
IN OAKLAND
MRS. E. M. HERRICK, Originator of the Madonna Idea.
. ' ■ ifßre Sin Francisco
SI i ■ is steps to-i
■
: (ward M. Her
where will
■ ■
■
■ much mv
. ii in it. •
■ ' .
■ ■ xhibit was
•s. Herrick, w]
I lerrick, v • • -
I
mg •
in the pr<
with
. .
■ ■ ■
.• i by Mrs. John Yule, president oi
ih» :>
Besi< ' wed, 1
asion. ■
- \-t of
i Ri. Davit Mrs.
Mrs. W.
Ala
■
. .< . ■ • Ml : : ■ :•::■• r. the
Miss Kirk
■
Harriet ■ sis I he door.
-
; will not let that
k rnsi-lcnoi- will l>> a
• rainy
It la saW that In v
: •'.-■■■■ mi i • xhibit Dr. E. R. Dille,
- ■ ■ ■ - ■
it the < lakland track,
r that has
ri the
. by th> lovelii
■ : ■■ ■ , rove that
s.
The German I b' Relief i
lual ball. The follow
•
Arrai \ n Mr*. J. Schleuter, Mrs.
'. .v.
Eg-
P'-is Floor committee William
Emll Bfeilirig, Fn d
;■. ■ T lon
-
es Kramm, Frank Bonderh
C. J. Hefff-man, Paul fin, Robert ;
PERMIEN GUILTY
OF BETRAYING
HATTIE ISAACS
Accused Breaks Down
in Court.
land Office San Francisco Oal.
! '.roadway. Nov. 10.
ther surprise verdlcl was rendered
n Judge Hall's court this after
| Pen en, accused
[gaacs, was found
••gu;;- • ■ commend
- - | lurt.
As Court Clerk Pierce announced the
result of the jury's deliberation Permian
broke down and cried like a child.
'•Didn't I know that I would get it?" he
gobbed, as he rested his head upon hi?
aged mother's shoulder.
Permian and many of his friends who
had testified at the trial had held do
doubts that the jury would promptly
acauit. In fact, Deputy District Attorney
Harris during his argument before the
fury yesterday, had not once asked for a
verdict of conviction. The nearest ap
proach to any such suggestion was when
lip ■id ■•] leave the matter in your
hands and all I ask is that you will do
what you think is right."
T&e case was given to the jury at 10*0
o'clock this morning and a verdict was
arrived at shortly after 3 o clock this
Afternoon. Once during their delibera
fj"na the jury came into court and asked
the penalty* in the event of Permlen s
ronvPetion. Judge Hall announced that
the maximum punishment was five years
imprisonment or 15000 fine, but he in
structed the jury that this was no con
cern Of theirs, as the jury has to deal
solely with the evidence.
" T'Vrmien's sentence will be pronounced
B xt Wednesday, but a new trial will be
moved for at that time most likely.
The Jury was made up of M. J. v«
;-nu«ria Thomas Kearney, A. McManus,
Alonro Bradford, C. H. Gray, John Gal
wiv William Berry, R. S. Falconer, J.
(^Stanley, T. A. Downing, I. K. Hall and
L. H. Bluff?- , . ...
At Permien's preliminary hearing In the
Police Court the defense made little or
no effort to secure his discharge.
To Complete Lake Work.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— The Hoard of
Works opened bids this morning be
fore completing the dredging of Lako
Merritt. Three bids were received from
Fred Peterson, which were taken under
advisement. The board will award the
contract as soon as the resolutions are
yif fared.
zel. Henry Hennings, J. Bchlepter, W. D.
Sagehorn. All ladies of the society will
serve on the reception committee. The
officers of the society are Mrs. G. F.
Heeseman, president: Mrs. H. Flaelke,
vice prcsklpnt: ■■;:.-. A. rum. secretary;
Mrs. G. riil. treasurer.
The ladies of • - t> and their
-
..inn in Ebell Hall. There was n
ttendai ■ and th>' afternoon
: extremely Ii I md enter
taining. Dr. Myra ECnox was chairman
day.
Dr. ECnox sp ike very briefly on the sub
■ ■ ich to the •
ment of many who had looki
ward to a verj
from th^ populai physician, and had come
mainly with thai view. However, their
dlsai .
to three verj clever Talks by Mrs. Mar
garet Smith. Miss Packard, In-
In the 1 -
and Dr. i ■ rles R Brown of the First
tional church.
. • ■ > v • cry great ap]
for hi -
rous way - 1
• iting that
■■ on made a
He was also >!• ■ ■
The fad w ■ ' . ' She
ba we; i alpi i ..'en: ea I■ ■!
Mrs. Smith was equally happy in her
■ks. I >r. Brown spoke "ii modern
f or
ganization id i t reading.
At the cl Dr. Knox
; for a vote as to th<
library building. It was
f the
Ebell Society favored th.- using of
a another site < ould i
mmitti c, ' t Mi F B.
Ginn, Mrs. John Russ, Dr. Buchel, Mrs
R. p. Gleason and I'r. Knox, was i
t.> find what had been done bj the m
■ t. bj the library ti
to secure subscriptions for buying a
Mr. and Mrs. William Gruenhagen are
now in Yokohama, and wll m
her in ' Jalcutta.
Mr?. S. 1.. Barker and Miss Mary Rark
to-day from a trip
through Canada and the Eastern 81
Mr. and Mrs. \Y. S. Goodfeilow have
left >; London for Japan, and will not be
home for two months.
Rev. and Mrs. Benjamin Fay Mills are
to be given a reception Monday evening,
November 13, in the parlors of the First
Unitarian Church. A general Invitation
has been extended and all are cordially
Invited.
The wedding of Miss Maria Tucker -Mid
A. r. Macdonald will take place in De
cember.
METCALF NAMES
A MINISTER FOR
HIS SECRETARY
B. W. Perry, Chaplain
of the Legislature.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Pall,
Broadway, Nov. 10.
Congressman Metcalf has set at rest a
pood deal of anxiety and curiosity by ap
pointing; Rev. Barton W. Perry of San
Leandro his secretary at Washington.
Tins little political plum has been the
BUbject uf mu<-h discussion, and, as usual.
a "campaign" was made by many In order
to obtain it. It was once announced that
I'aul Sch after, secretary of. the Board of
Health and secretary to Mr. Metcalf's
campaign) committee, was to have the a;>-
I>',intment. Again, Frank Barnett, a mem
ber of the Third District Congressional
Committee, was named, but .Mr. Harriett
has for some month* been an attache of
irt. But it was never sup
posed that the Congressman mi^ht name
tnf> chaplain of the last Legislature.
Rev. Barton Perry has for a long time
been a prominent Republican worker In
EMen Township. He I a graduate of
Hamilton College, fn.m which Instltui on
Congressman Metcalf, although a Vale
man, took hie degrei of law. Eion.
Elihu Root, the new Secretary of War'
is also a graduate of this college and an
acquaintance of both Congressman Met
calf and his secretary. Mr. Perry was
for two years editor of the Occident the
coast organ of Presbyterlanism and in
■•as a delegate to the pan-Prosbyte
rlan convention at Glasgow, Scotland. H<
hns always beei a hard worker' for
county Republican tii-k.-ts. and scored a
remarkable success lasi year on ti •
caslon of the county Republican convi ra
tion at San Leandro, Mr. Perry being
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments.
Right to Redeem Involved.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— The question of
the right to redeem property sold under
a decree of foreclosure of a mortgage is
involved in a petition filed to-day by
Thomas Pollard, wherein he seeks to
compel Under Sheriff W. S. Harlow to ex
ecute to him a deed to property in Tem
escal valued at 11500. Pollard has secured
judgment In foreclosure and Harlow was
commissioned to sell the property, but
before sale was made Emma G. Caroth
ers claimed the right to redeem and had
tendered the necessary amount of money
to Harlot?, who holds the same until the
question uf her rights in the premise* is
tested in the courts.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
JOE HERRSCHER
OCCUPIES EIGHT
INCHES OF TOWN
May Have to Move a
Big Build ng.
f'akiand Offl c Ban Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 10.
Joseph Herrscher, more commonly
known as tne Mayor <>f Ban Leandro, and
one of th. largest merchants of Eden
Township, may have to move his large
new building off the side-walk. L'nl-ss
rocuri ili.' passage of an ordi
nance gi\ sslve men in San Le
andro che same privileges they enjoy in
< iaklar.il Mr. Herrscher will be out to
mud
ther merchant of Sun Leandro
; - r has made formal complaint
io the Town Trustees thai his friend
Herrscher's building projects nearly a
"v the city's property. A survey
rrs that Mr. Herrscher has not pre
empted a foot only .-1.,-iit Inches— and so
particular is Ban Leandro that none of
I ..:i il be acquln ii by mer
chants that there is a special town ordi
■ iii addition t.> the general law for
ty owners from stealing
Mr. Herrscher is obtaining data from
the • ■■ Itj authorities in support
in- has found plenty.
LJp ti ■ •'■ ere forbid
den in Oakland from allowing their store
fn nta to p: ■ a parti' it- beyond tne
property l ! ne. Many tirm>s the nig mer
wring tho pasi five
.■-.■ars made Washing! in street sm'h an
irtant thoroughfare petitioned for
permission t.> pr •■ c •!'..;:■ windows a few
• over the sidewalk, bu< ii was uni
fnrmi;. i fused. 1' was reserved for M.
J. Keller, the largest employer of Labor
among the merchants of Oakland, to
Lt in all large
ressive cities merchants were per
far as on< foot over the
nrarlk when Improving their property
ha i dsome plate kUss
fronts. Since that time every bona fide
application for this privilege has been
permitted to overhang twelve im-he?.
This practice was permitted after tes
timony from New fork anil Philadelphia
showing that it was advisable, especially
where sidewalks are from twelve to six
feet wide.
Joe Herrscher will nrrpont this testi
mony i" the Town Trustees in support
<if his position and to save demolishing;
itire front of thr> large building,
which is just being completed. If uak
.■.:.•■ tits t welve inches
Mr. Herr->cher thinks San Leandro should
irage its merchants to make We Im
provements by allowing them two-thirds
h a I'l'ivil- i::-.
SAD DUTY OF A BRIDE
OF TWO BRIEF MONTHS
MRS. E. D. BROWN CHARGES HUS
BAND WITH INSANITY.
Lunacy Commissioners Discharge
Him and Now a Sister Applies
for the Appointment of
a Guardian.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— Only two month!"
;iK'> E<it,';ir D. Brown, aged 29 years, and
residing a 122 San I'.idln avenue, led Miss
Graynellen Jonea of Contra Costa County
to the altar as his bride, and to-day the
latter led her young Kr"'im before the Lu
nacy Commissioners to be examined f'>r
insanity, because, as Bhe claimed. he had
misrepresented matters financially when
he married her.
It developed at Brown's examination,
conducted by Drs. [-. H. Webster and W.
B. Wakefield, that he had recently bor
rowed $85 from a friend giving a note for
$300 as Becurlty, and thai he has of late
bil of drawing uj> worth
less i hecks. It wits found that
ho is utterly irri sponsible .is ti> any and
all financial transactions, and thai his
aged mother, who owned a large ranch
In Redwood Canyon, had repeatedly
i him out of such difficulties.
it appears that bis Irresponsibility i« the
• of having been kicked by a horse
• - ago, an. l a f. w months since
he "as Injured in an elevator at Port
< 'osta.
Brown did not appear disturbed by the
proceedings before th<- Lunacy Commis
sioners. He frankly admitted that he had
made mistakes, and said that If he was
crazy h< would like to know it; that If
he was found insane he Would willingly
go to an asylum.
The doctors, however, refuser! to recom
mend him for onmmiime nt , and latp this
afternoon his sister. Mrs. Linda s. Eagar,
of Han Francisco, applied for letten
guardianship over him. reciting in her
petition that Brown is wholly incompe
tent to manage his affairs.
GAGE WRITES OF A
SITE FOR POSTOFFICE
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— Secretary Gage
I letter to Congressman Metcalf
stating the position of the Government on
'akland postoffice matter. In hla let
!■ ; M r. < rage Bays:
From estimates prepared in the office of the
supervising architect, based upon data re
coived from the various branches of the public
eervloe to be accommodated in said building,
It appears that a building of sufficient size
and of such design anil appearance us a city of
tho Import of Oakland is entitled to will
cost approximately 1200,000 thus leaving avail
able but $50,000 for the acquisition of the site.
It will therefore be understood that this de
partment does not assert that bidders have
[■laced fictitious valuation upon their property,
but rather that suitable sites have not been
offered In that section of the city In which the
department believes the building should be
erected at prices which it feels Justified in pay-
Ins. While It is doubtless true that Rome "of
the sites offered range sufficiently low in price
to come within the amount which the depart
ment is willing to pay. It Is not understood
that any such, of suitable size, are conven
iently and centrally located with reference to
the business center of the city and the direc
tion in which business and population are ex
tending. If the department Is in error in this
regard It will be pleased to give consideration
to any statements you may submit to correct
such erroneous impressions.
What the department desires to secure, if
possible, is a site centrally and conveniently
located, of adequate dimensions and proper
prade, where good foundations can be secured,
at a price not exceeding $50,000. If, through
your good offices, a bid on such a site can b"
secured, the department will appreciate you"?
efforts. .
Not A. A. Moore Jr.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— By an error this
morning the statement was published that
A. A. Moore Jr. had sworn to warrants
for the am st of Jacob Isaacs, charging
battery, which was caused by a fight he
twei n sfoore and Isaacs in the courthouse
two days ago. The warrants were issued
'ii the oath Of W . W. Moore Jr., sun of
the Oakland huckman, and not Mr. A. A.
Moore, son of the well-known attorney,
and who is a deputy in the Attorney Oej -
eral's office.
Charged With Murder.
OAKLAND, Nov. Ifl.-Dtotrict Attorney
Allen lati ihts afternoon filed an Informa
tion charging Frank Shenave with ;he
murder of Frank Florea on Novembe- 4
The preliminary bearing took place ~be
tor« JU9tiCe P. C. Qulnn at Pleasan'on
yesterday and Shenave was held to ap
pear bi fore the Superior Court The al
leged murder was the result of a drunken
brawl near the Indian rancheria near
Pleasanton.
Logan Says It Is a Hoax.
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— W. E. Logan says
there is no truth In the published state
ment that Carlos White is now living in
England. Before she married Logan Mrs
White obtained positive proof of her hUB
! and's 'l ath. The Logans declare that
the letter is a hoax.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
FRESH FROM HER
EASTERN SUCCESS
OAKLAND, Nov. 9.- Miss Eva C. Bhorey, who was formerly one of the
•a of the Methodist church, has returned from the East
and ie the latest Oakland girl to return from the other side of the conti
nent with many honois. Friday evening of next week Miss Shorey will
entertain her f: the First Methodist Church with a concert, at
which she will he assisted by John W. Metcalf, the Stewart String Quartet,
Alex T Stewart, John R. Lewis, Eugene Colby and B. Frank Howard.
The beautiful tones of Miss Shorey's voice of wide range will be heard in
no )i ss than Beven numbers, many of them chosen by her friends. Luzzi's
"Aye Maria," a very difficult composition, is included in the numbers. Mfsa
Bhorey is a* very charming young lady, and under the many eminent teachers
who have had charge of completing her musical education and of develop
ing her magnificent voice, she has made marvelous progress.
GAMBLERS TRY
TO PROVE KENO
IS NOT COMBO
Delicate Point for a
Court to Decide.
Oakland Office San Fran<
DOS Broadway, Nov. 10.
Judg* Smith and a jury have to di i Ide
what is "keno" and what is "combo," and
the* Question appears to resolve Itself into
the time-honored problem of whether a
rose by any other name would smell as
sw»et.
When the cases of fifteen gamblers
were called In the Police Court this morn
ing Attorney (Jarrlty asked thai the pro
prietor be tried tirst. and to have all the
other cases determined upon the Issue of
Qlrard's case. City Prosecutor Leach
ile, 'lined to make any such stipulation,
but he agreed L nat if the couri decided
that the games conducted by ' • i r^t i-ri
were not keno he would agree to the
discbarge of all the other defendants, but
as this proposition was n ■ • t satisfactory
to the gamblers' attorney the caaus were
continued to November 15 to be Bet.
The point .to be decided la windier
"combo" Is "keno," even though called
by its new name. It is alleged by the
police that the game raided on Wednes
day nighi Is the same game thai they
have raided in other parts of the town
when It was called "keno." It was the
same dealer, the game paraphernalia, the
same system and the same csowd. The
only difference consisted In the manner In
which the winners were paid. Instead
of receiving the money outright less the
commission, the young gamblers were
given checks which they negotiated at the
counter. There was a little legend pinned
on the wall which was a new feature of
the game, reading that "this game is
only for cigars."
The dealer calls out the numbers as
they fall frnm the little barrel while
playing combo. Just the same a.s he did
for' keno; in fact, it is the same barrel.
'x ne gamblers sit around with cards, on
which they put cheeks while playing
combo, just the same as they did when
playing keno; in fact they are the same
cards and checks. The dealer puts the
balls as they come out on a large board
just the same tor one game as for the
other; in fact it Is said that it Is the
same old board that has already been
seized two or three times by the police.
Whether a jury, if one he demanded, or
the court, will decide that combo is keno,
or that keno is combo, or that both are
one and the same thing, is the question
upon which hangs all the cases on the
docket.
Cjraid says that comho is a game of his
own invention and that it le not anything
like keno, and as there is no ordinance
or Stale law forbidding combo, he says
he is confident that he cannot be con
victed. _^__________
ALAMEDA COUNTY
NEWS BREVITIES
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— Will Ward, son of
ex-Supreme Court Clerk T. H. Ward, has
been elected Inside superintendent of the
Reliance Club.
J. A. Hill was to-day appointed a dep
uty under Constable P. L. White in Bast
t Oakland.
Public Administrator B, C. Hawes to
day applied for letters on the estate of
E S Durkee Sr., who died Intestate May
30' lSD't. leaving Oakland realty valued at
about 8200.
Marriape licenses were obtained to-day
by Antone Andreas. 29 years, and Maria
E Manha, 29 years, Oakland; Mai tin
Feultng, 34 years, and Linda Whldlng. 36
\. ars. Fruitvale.
Patrick Swords, the well-known butch
er of Temescal, who recently underwent
an operation for partial paralysis, is now
reported to be in a critical condition.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan So
ciety has been given judgment against
Edward Arnest et al. for $94f>8, and E. A.
Heron has been appointed commissioner
to sell the mortgaged property.
j Logan Hell, a waiter, who came into
notoriety ac a witness in the celebrated
Struber trial several years ago, was treat
ed at the Receiving Hospital last mid
night for severe bruises. He declared be
had been robbed at "shooting craps" In
MISS EVA C. SHCREY.
I West Oakland, and that the gamblers
then kicked him in the face.
The following n< w officers of Oakland
Chapter No. B, < >r<W 01 Eastern Star,
elected last evening, will !>•■ Instated
Thursday evening, Nnvemher 23: Worthy
matron, Evelyn F*ay Mayon; worthy na
tron, George Henry Smith: associate ma
tron, Salr, Lowell Beckwith; secretary,
Cynthia • '. N. Walter; treasurer, Emily
. Augusta Daniels; conductress, Annie Ma
! Bel George Morris.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOR
UNION CONVENTION
Forty-Third Quarterly Meeting of the
Alameda County Branches Held
at Alameda.
AI.AMEOA, Nov. 10.— The forty-third
quarterly cpnventlon of the Alameda
County Christian Endeavor Union is being
held In the First Presbyterian Church of
this ctty. The tirst session convened at
3 o'clock this afternoon, and another ses
sion will be held this evening, commenc
ing at 7 o'clock. This afternoon's pro
gramme began with devotional services,
conducted by Bey. Hii"h Copeland, pastor
of the Santa < lara avenue M. E. Church.
-\n address of welcome was delivered by
Rev. Frank S. Brush, pastor of the First
Presbyterian Church, to which E. C.
I. yon, president of the County Union, re
sponded.
The remainder of the programme was
as follows: Vocal solo, Mrs. Grace Out
ram; reports of officers and committees;
reports of societies; address. Bey. James
c. Mc| niie.-; committee conferences—
prayer meeting, Mrs. Dr. O. S. Dean;
lookoutj W. 1.. Culver; missionary. Miss
Grace Fischer; social, C. V. Baker; Jun
ior, Mrs. Lillian Baxley.
A basket lunch was held at 5:30 this
evening, with after-dinner toasts. C. F.
Baker acted as toast-master. Following
i was the programme at the evening ses
sion: Orchestra, Processional; devotional,
Rev. Ed son Hal< : Hymns and Their Anal
yses. ( >. M. Vesper; address. Junior coun
ty president, Howard Hall; offertory,
male quartet; address, Rev. Hugh Fraser;
Quiet Hour, Dr. Sara E. Wise; Mizpah.
DEFENDANT DINSLAGE
IS GIVEN A DIVORCE
OAKLAND, Nov. 10.— In the divorce
suit of .Mary I>inslage against Herman
Dinslage Superior Judge Greene to-day
granted the defendant a decree of divorce
on his sross-complaint, reciting allega
tions of extreme cruelty. The custody of
the minor child was awarded to the
mother an>i defendant is required '.o pay
$lo monthly for the child's support.
Mary 10. Carr was also granted a di
vorce by Judge Ellsworth from George
Carr on the grounds of desertion and
habitual Intemperance.
Default of defendants, owing to their
failure to BUpear or answer, were entered
to-day in the divorce suits of Elsie H.
Crawford against William B. Crawford;
Florence McQowan against Warren E.
McGowan; Marie Laugguth against Kmll
Lauggutb, and the cases referred to
Court Commissioner Babcock to take tes
timony.
GOOD SAMARITANS.
Alameda Group to Celebrate Its Third
Anniversary To-Morrow
Evening.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 10.— The Alnmr-rt.i
Group of the Good Samaritans will cele
brate the third anniversary Of its organ! ■
cation to-morrow evening at the residence
of Mr and Mrs. .1. W. Burnham of 1537
Clinton avenue. An interesting pro
gramme has been arranged for the occa
sion, to be followed by a banquet. Th- re
are but three groups of the Good Samar
itans in the State, one at Sacramento, one
at San Francisco and the one in Alameda.
'Ph.' Sacramento Group was the first one"
established, it and the one in San Fran
cisco being established twenty years ago.
The order is mainly a social one, and its
membership is composed of Royal Arch
Masons and their mothers, wives and
daughters Following arc the officers of
the Alameda Group: Hiram T. Graves,
chieftain- Mrs. Mary Dickson, secretary;
lames W Burnham. treasurer; William
11. Davis, conductor; Colonel Reed Jones,
messenger.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY Nov. 10.— Herbert Moore
of the junior class of the University of
California was to-day elected manager of
the junior promenade which Is to be
given early in December.
Thomas Neuwirth of West Berkeley died
yesterday at his residence on Serenth
street 'near Alston way. Deceased was
a native of Germany, aged 78 years. The
funeral services will be held to-morrow
afternoon. Interment in St. Mary's Cem
etery, Oakland.
HIS CHARITABLE
TRAITS MARKED
IS HIS WILL
Michael Kane Left a
Large Estate.
Mary A. Kane and .Mrs. Elizabeth Q.
Buckley filed for probate to-day the will
of their father, Michael Kane, who died
at his home in Alameda on the Ist inst.
In the instrument, dated October 30, 1899,
they are named as executrlces, and they
apply for letters .it' administration.
Michael Kane was aged 85 years at the
time of his death. He was one of the
oldest residents of Alameda and his es
tate is variously estimated worth from
$300,000 to half a million, consisting of
valuable realty in Alameda and San
Francisco. 525 shares of the capital stock
of the Gas Consumers' Association of
San Francisco, besides considerable gold
and silver mining Interests.
By the terms of the will, the widow.
Margaret Kane, aged 73 years, Is to enjoy
the rents and income of the estate during
her life, subject to the following bequests:
To Mary A. Kane, a daughter, the resi
dence on Railroad avenue, near Prospect
street, Alameda, Is bequeathed, also prop
erty near Dolores and Eighteenth streets,
San Francisco, containing several Hats.
i.eing subject to the life tenancy of
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
bear signature of /^L^p^^
Tory ■mall aad as easy
to take as sugar.
SEE I^adtcd'oI FOR heaoach SEE
* LL CARTERS FOR DIZZINESS. * LL
rcMfTlW^ IIPiTTLE FOR BILIOUSNESS. rrwmwn
GENUINE : i[ivpß for torpid liver. GENUINE
1 PILLS FOR CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPED JH ja ' FOR SALLOW SKIM. WRAPPFR
WKArrtK l^age 1 FOR THE COMPLEXION KA^ tlf
"", i GKNIL'LNI£ must have suohatuhc.
25 C*ntt I Pnrcly VegetAble. /^%o»^^^«^
'tP^IISTTEID O3ST I^EID PAPER."
RAILROAD TRAVEL. '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN it. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Perry, Foot el Murk** 6t,
SAN FRANCISCO "TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m. , 12:35.
S:3O, 5:10, 6:30 d. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:i,»
and 31:30 d. m.
BUNDAYS-b.-00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. fi:2o d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12-45,
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40. 3:40, 6:05.
«:25 d. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
•ams schedule as above.
Leave ~ i Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ — - October 15, ; .
Week Sun- 1899. Sun- Week
Days. days. | Destination days. Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato. 10:40 am ! S:4O am
3:30 pm 8:30 am Tetaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:60 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton.
T:3Cam . Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton,
Oeyserville,
yrSO pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am jHopland and
8:00 ami Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
I 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pmj
1:30 pmj , 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pmi 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sevastopol. 10:40 am 1 10:23 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stajjes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs: at Geyserviile for Skags'9
Spring: at Clr/verdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
bprinjfs. Saratoga Sprin&s, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg,
Weetport, Usal, Willltts. Laytonville, Cum-
mine's, Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round triD tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
p. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
General Manager Gen, Pass. Agent.
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
1 Santa Fe Route. i
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train leaves San Francisco at
5:00 p. m.
"MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY. SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
FRIDAY, SDNDAY. TOKBDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND BXPREs7
Every day in the year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver,
Kansas City. Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 5:30 p. m.
VALLEY ROAD
Between Stockton, Fresno, Hanford. Visallu
Tulare and Bakersfleld, furnishes good local
train service^ .
San Francisco office, 628 Market St., telephone
Main 1531.
• Oakland office. 118 Broadway.
Sacramento office, 201 J street.
Ban Jose office, 7 West Santa Clara street.
y^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
ft S«Bis. **~ <r * KEAKS ' lf! Established
fW| £fx ln 1884 for the treatment ot Private
raUItVXSa I)isP!lSeß . Lost MunhiHid Dcbllit vor
KBHHMn<IisPHSP wearing 01ll '' yin < linins^-id
Vtt WsEs Skl " Diseases ThedocH>.-cureswb«Mi
JJBHsgSjDgaotheisfai! - rrv him. Charges low
X^fSJfßa&cSa <'»«i-«-»jjiini.aiit«'«'«l. Callorwrlta I
Dr. J. !■■ ullißVJi, Box 1957 San Francisco
Oakland Office San Francis*
90S Broadway, Nov. io.
ADVEBTXSEMENTS.
\lßAycniwl J
' Frank E. Kane, a son, aged 56 years;
also property at Folsom and Twenty
second streets, San Francisco; also 275
: shares of the Gas Consumers' Association
capital stock and $5000, subject to pay
ments monthly of $30 to Frank E. Kane
and $40 to Charles C. Kane, another son,
aged 52 years.
A lot on Santa Clara avenue, near Pros
pect street. Alameda. is bequeathed to
Elizabeth Buckley; also realty on Tolo
street, near Carolina, and on University
street, near Woolsey, San Francisco, be
! sides $4000.
To -Mrs. Annie Theobold is bequeathed
a life enjoyment of the use of a residence
on Santa Clara avenue, hack of the Wane
home, and on her death this property, to
gether with land at Washington and '•'lll
more streets, goes to her children. Simi
lar disposition Is made ol 250 shares of
the capital stock of the Gas Consumers'
Association.
To Charles •'. Kane all of testator's
and silver mining stocks and in
ta in all mines of the c tate are be
queathed, and some of the minor be
quests are as follows:
'I". i St. Vincent Orphan Asylum fur Boys
at San Rafael, $500; St. Joseph's Roman
Catholic Infant Asylum, South San Kran
cisco, 1500; fouths' Directory. $260; gov
erning priest or officer of St. [gnatius
Church, San Francisco. $250 for the ben
etit cf said church; pastor of Roman
Catholic church, Alameda, S23 1 '; to Pat
rick W. Riordan, Archbishop of B
Francisco, a lot. 90x265, on Santa Clara
avenue, near Prospect street. Alameda,
to build a church thereon in .such a man
ner and at such time as mm.
The residue of the estate goes to the
five children of testator, share and share
alike, subject, however, to the life in
terest In favor of the widow.
A. Comte Jr. appears as attorney for
the estate.
Ladies' Night at the Fair.
OAKLAND, Nov. in.— To-morrow night
will be ladies' night at the St. Fran
fair. The feature of the evening
will ! I comi dy entitled "P >p
pinn the Question." Mr. Calderwood win
be the soloist.
KAILROAD TRAVEL.
KOI'THr.BN l\*< IFIt COJIPA3IT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* 1«*»»«- nml aic <!•■» to arrl»« nt
HAH FKANdMO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.}
lkave — From October 29. 1899 — akrivb
•7:O«a IJpnicia, Snisun and Sacraineuto. . .. *7:-»si>
•":(M»a Marysville. Orovillo via WiX>rtaiud,
Elmira, Vacavlllo and Kunißi'y. .. # 7:15p
•7:OOa. Shasta Express— Davi\ Willows,
Red Bluff. Portland «7:45p
• 7 :: to a Martinez, San Hainon, Vail -jo. Naiia,
C'alistoga and Santa Bcxt •8ilS»
•«»:imia Tho Overland liiiuiied— Ogden,
Onr-aha, Chicago '3:15?
• *:ItOA San .lose, Livermore, Rtooktou,
.'.one Sacramento, FlacerviUe,
M»ry9Tllle, ChJco, UedJiluif MilSp
•»::Ioa # Milton, Oakdaleand M)nora »l:l."»p
•»:OOa HaywarUs, Nileaand Way stations. •• Is I."»a
•«iOOa Atlantic r-xpreßS— Ogdeu and East *».-4.>a
•9iO«a Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Htockton,
Merced and Fresno •I«»l5l'
♦IMMIa Port Costa, l'reauo. Mojava and I.ob
Aueelei •«:l-->i-
•IO:OOa ValKjo. Martinez and Way Stations *«:!■»?
•I I:»Oa Haywaxda, Nilesaad Way Rtations. •2:l."»p
•I 2:OOm NUea, Liverniore, Stockton, Haera-
meuto, Mendota, Hatiford. Vloalia,
I'crterville Mi I. lf
fliOOp Sacramento lU»er Sieainen : «h»p
•3:OOp Haywards, Nilrsand Way stations. *■">: lap
•4:««i- Maitluer. Kan Haiuoii, Vnilfjo,
Napn, C»listi ( g«, HuiiU Itosa 'Utl. I **
•I:««r Benida, VacaviHe, Sucriimeiito,
Woodland, Knigfata Landing,
MuryßTiile, Orovll lp »l O:-I5 a
•l«3(»pNilea,Hon.Tosoaiid Stockton * 7 * lB *
•3:OOpT1io Owl Limited— l racy, Fresno.
Baktrsfleld. Haugiis for Hunt a Uar-
h»ra, Los Angiies '9:43 \
•5:»0p Stockton, Mcrceil, Fresno •I2:ir,p
•5«:M»p Krosno, HaUersiiel.l, HauU Riirlmra,
l.oa Angeles, Doming. El I'aKO,
Now Orleans and East »»i4sa
•si!t«r Santa To Jtonle— Atliuillo I'.iiiruSS
rorMo>*a V.tut *0:l5p
•0:OOp Haywards, JSllo.i ami Han Jose •7:-li>A
lOi»Wf Vallojo •I2:l. f ip
•li:SOi> Oriental Mail— Ogden and East «»:.TOp
J7:OOp Vail Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions }9:53p
•S:«»3i' Oregon and California Uxi«r*nm,H»o-
taiueutu. Murjsvillc. ICcdillng,
Portlnmi. Viini-t. H(Mind nini I':m? *W;l.la,
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (luge);
(Foot of Market Street.) m
•8: 1.1 a Nevrark,Ccntcrvlllc,»sauJoso,Fc!ton,
Boulder Creek.Saut a Cruz Way
Stations •5«30p
tailftr Nowarlc, Centcrville, San Jose, T»ow
Almaden, Feltou, lJoulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations flOjSO*
•4tl3p Newark, Baa Jose, Los Oatog »UsaO4
bll:13p Hunters' Excursion, Ban Joee and
r ay Stations 1?i80f
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fromSAti FRANCISCO — Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7-16 9:00 11:00 A.M. {1:03 •2:00 J3:OD
♦1:00 15:00 *6:COr.M.
From 01KL11ID— root of Bro»d«f»T.—"(i:00 8:00 I0:O0a.M.
1 12:00 *l:00 12:00 *3:C3 1 4:00 '5:OSi'.M.
COAST VISION (Ilroud Caiißf).
(Third :ind Townaciiil SU)
1O:I«>\ Ocean View, South Sjii Francisco.. t«:»Or
•~sOWa San Joie nml Wny HUlltuM (New •
Altnadeu Wodne«duys..nly) *l:80p
•9iooa ,San Jose. Tres J'iuos. NmiUCnn, .
Pacllle flrote. Pasi> Rnlilca, San
l.ntll OtitotHi, Surf, Lonipoo and
Principal Way Stnllnus MilO*
•KisJOa Sail Jose mid Way Stations I" 1 ? 3 *
•ll::i(»A San .Togo au<l Way Stations ■•«••»
t*rfl9pBaii Mateo, Uedwood, Menlo I'ark.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San.l<is«,
Tres I'inos, Haiita fn.z. Salinas,
Monterey will Pacific Grove tJO::?6A
f:it:tl»pSsn Joan and Way Stations *7sB«P
1 1 ri r>i- San.l oso and Principal Way Stations •!):■!.■> a
iS:OOr San Joso and Principal Way Stations 1'J:«»;»a
*.l:;i()!- San Joso nnd Principal Way Stations •«::s">a
•r,::t<n- San Joso nnd Way Stations t»:O«A
Hls-l."»l*'-Saii Josi^md Way Stations »7;: tOp
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon
•Daily t Sunday excepted. { Sunday only.
b Saturday only.
«ORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Swutllt* Ferry.
Commencing October 1, 18S9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL
WEEK ■-•7:00. *9:30, 11. CO a. m. 'IMS.
•3:40. 5:15. 6-00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill '-alley and San Ra-
fael, on Monday?, Wednesd?-'s and Saturdays
at 0:00 and 11:80 p.. m.
SUNDAYS— MO:!*), '11:30 a. m.; 'lio
8-15, *4:15, C:3O, 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. *6:35. 7:46, *S:4O a. m ;
•12:30. 2:15. *3:40. *5:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, •Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:00, '10:00, *11:45 a. m :
•1:46, «3:15. 4:45. '6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) mart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 7:55, 9:45 a. m.;
12:35. 2:35, 3:45. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 2:15. 3:30,
6:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stationa.
8:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and —ay stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way stationa.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing SUNDAY. October 1. 1599.
WEEK DAYS a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— R. 00. 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S F to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market ■*.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Coll. comer of Market md Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES--:^" Montgomery street,
corner Clny; open until 9:30 p. m.
J'K) Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C 39 McAllister street: open until 9:20 p. m.
Cl 5 Larkin strict; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
ITSI Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
in! Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
10% Val»ncla street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streefn; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING .NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. S, R. A. M.. •
win meet THIS (SATURDAY) I."- !: - «/\-
Ing Nov. 11. at 7:Ui. o'clock. M. M. de- I%^M
t;ree. By order of the H. P. ' '
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.^
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. ami A. M.. •
121 Eddy st., will meet on SUNDAY at --yV-
-1 p. in., to altfTii] the funeral of '."i'ltJ\
late brother, E. M. rOFF.It. Master /^ri
Masons Invited.
GEORGE PKNLINGTON, retary
MISSION Lodge No. W.t. F. and A. M.— •
Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) ..!?*.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First lO'-JojK
Kree. C. D. BUNKER, Seeretary^ 'J^__
EXCELSIOR Degree I>.,rlK.> No. 2.
I. o. o. F.— Regular meeting" SjSgjSRS?
THIS [SATURDAY) EVENING. ""SS" .
Second degree. '
A. K. KINGSFORD. D M.
EXCE LfiToif Lodge No 310. 1. 0 .^^^v.
O. F.— Officers and members are
notified to attend the funeral Of 7
our decease,! brother. B. C. MUL "^
VEY. Services at Excelsior Hall. 2319 Mis-
sion ht.. SUNDAY, November 12, at 10 o clock
a. m. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by funeral trail D. V. DENEL, N. ''•■
W. A. McINNES. Recording Secretary.
REDWOOD Camp No. 91. -^ ■ ■ "f|
HENBTEIN', will be l"'!il X Sjj laJ—"**^^
SUNDAY. November 12,
at 10 a. m. sJia.-p, from t!ie undertaking par-
lors. 977 MlhHion st. All Woodmen of sister
camps an; Invited to attend.;
B F. Si 'HELL, Con. Com.
TH' F. ITATTON. Clerk.
COURT Occidental No. «*>7''.. A. O. F.- •*_£•»
officers nn.l members are notified t-> at vjHT
tend funeral of our deceased brother jt \
RICHARD McCONNVILLE. Service.. «->
nt A. o. f. Wall, I^2 O'.Furrell st.. at 12:30
p. m., SUNDAY. November 12. Interment
Mount Olivet 'Cemetery. By order
NEIL O'NEILL, C. It.
ANN' meeting— Regular annual meeting of
the stockholders of the' Honolulu Sugar Com-
puny, will tie held at the office of the com-
pany. No, ,'"J7 Market st.. San Francisco Cal.,
on MONDAY, the :Pth day of November.
I*l9, at thejhour of II o'clock a. rh.; for the
purpose of electing a -"board of directors to
rcrve for the r»i."iiln,T year,- am! the transac-
tion of such other' business ns may come
before tlie meeting. Transfer books will clos»
on .Tuesday, November 14, ISM. at 3 o'clock
p. m. K. H. SHELDON. Secretary..
ANNUAL meetlng^rßegular nuntia! meeting of
the stockholders of the Honolulu . Plantation
Company' will b» held at. the office of the
company, No. 327 Market st.; San Francisco,
Cal.. on MON DAT,- the. 20th day of Novem-
her. 1899,' vat the hour of 1! a. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the. ensuing year, nnd' the transac-
tion of such other business as may come
before the meeting. Transfer books will clo«e
<n Tuesday, November 14. W.) at 3 o'clock
p. m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' Corpora-
tion will be held in the- Assembly Hall of in-
Mills building.' San Francisco, at 11 a 111
WEDNESDAY. November 15, 1599. California
Wine Makers' Corporation.
By W. J. HOTCHKISR.' Secretary.
SPECIAL meeting— A • special meeting of the
stockholders of the OCCIDENTAL BEET
SUGAR COMPANY will be hMd at the office
v ( the company, 317 Market st.. in the City
and County of Snn Francisco, State of 'a! 1-
-fornia, nn SATURDAY, the ISth day of No-
vember. ISV'. at 11 o'clock a. in., for the pur-
pose of considering a. proposition to disln-
ccrporate the company.
__^____ R " SHELDON, Secretary.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth noorrChronT
Icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages. collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or wrlle.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success;' collections. G. W.
HOWE. «tty nt law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
NOAH F. FLOOD. 935 Market st.. opp. Mason;
consultation, free; moderate fees.
L. S CLARK. Emtna Sprockets building. 927
Market: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W DAVIDSON. 527 Market St.. npp. Mason.
UK YCI.I. PAIRS.
THOS. II P.. VAKNEY. Market and Tenth!
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
. . RUPAIRINC. A SPECIALTY.
BOARD AND ROOMS.
EDDY. U'3-riilfJ States Hotel; roonvTTTSJ
w»'l< up, with l>. anl J5 £.0; suit for two with
board, 512; t.'iurd. '■ week; meals. 250; ele-
vator runs all night.
A NEW family hotel. M' 7 California :■'... occu-
I>ytr,« crn< r op|\n«lle Grace Church.
ELLIS, 827— Elegant t»ble board, home . king,
neat hii.l homelike, $4 week.
LAS PALMAR. I<2o Market-Suite of 2 or 3
rms.: private; bath; Bin. rms.; board optional.
"HELGRAVIA." Polk nnd Clay— Sunny suites;
torn board: for 2. str> up; -•:■■. JL^O.
O'FARRELL" 742— Large sunny front rooms;
good he m« cirklrtr: (lino slnel" rooms. $20 up. j
BOARDING low CHILDREN.
BY German lady. 2 children to board, aped
from 2 to 6. 30 Willow aye., near Edily st.
REFINED, experienced nurse has a comfort-
a hie lirme f. r children. HIA Cnstro st.
BOOKS — MOW AND OLD.
ECIiOOL hooks bought and ingedl
H"lm«-« 't.nV Co.. 714 ■ ... «v . rnr Thr.l I
COOTS A.NI. MIOI'.S.
BOYS' shoes, splendid value, sizes 9 to 131£j55c I
Children's slices, nil styles, sizes, S to 11. ..75 c I
Ladles' lace or button, U : men's shoes, T.jl 25 1
}•,., ;,!,.■.. Shoe Si. .re. I3'i3 Stockton, nr. Bdwy. j
HI SIM'.SS CHANCES.
A— f.Vfi; HOMK bakery nn.i restaurant on El!is !
St.; clionp rent; splendidly paying. Call it !
_<;. VVILKB. 906 Mi.rlif-t st.
A-ieoC-P.f RDJNG-HuUSE with 11 finely fur-
nished rooms: rent $35: first-class paying;
widow is compelled to sacrifice. Particulars
K. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— s3so; SALOON cloy; to WrFs-Fargo bldg. :
doing a good paying business; low rent: value
for your money. Call R. G. WILKE :n!6
Market St.
A-» X"0: MILLINEP.Y store across the Lay; tine i
Etock ami good trade, with lease; rent $10; 2
living rooms; sickness cause of sale. R. G
WILKE. PM Market st.
A-510-::>— SALOON In wholesale distri?'; -stabl.
years and doing a good paying business; 110
r.lght 1 : Sun.iay work, rent $50. ■'ail H. G.
WILKE. SCt Ma:ket st.
$:.*>-- P.p. .4 NCH bakery ar.J stationery; Western
Addition, close to *c!ioolhou*e; furniture of
living rooms ir.ciuled; sickness cf owner causa
cf c^ile; bargain. H. G. WILKE. <^'6 Market.
DAT ftaiicn. established years; dally receipts
ato.t:l }(?: a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom . chance of a Jifetlme: investigate a.:
ence. R. U. WILK 906 Market et.
»GSO— CREAMERY and delicacy business; prln-
c'.pnl street; large transient and regular trade;
low, rent; Investigate. M. LESS. 7f:. Market.
J125-FRUIT nnd vegetable store; best part of
city: full value in sight: business spenks for
Itself; a snap M. LESS. 76.1 Market st.
$ISiio_fURNITURE. cnipet. stove; central; bast
part cit> : nothing better: value In stock; im-
mense trade: trial. M. LESS, 76." Market st.
I*"." PARTNER wanted in ccr.unlsslon "Vui»l"
ness rn.il). ninny year*: roo.l business: must
be sober, steady man. M. LESS, 7S'> Market
AN ppnrtunil -$'iiW) investment; none but .1
practical business man need «;>ply: a thor-
oughly established brokerage business; East-
ern Maple for California. Oregon ami ,\ :i«h-
Ington; same territory jiil,] s:;<iii<i net profit in
ISi's; will pay $4000 for IMI9 over nn.i above ex-
pctine*; owner .has Just acquired control for
lln> I'nlteii Ktatesi will dispose Of tliN terri-
tory In or.!<»r to devote all time to Eastern
mutiaitement: business crowing rapidly. To
meet prlnci'ial address b-ix 242\ Call.
A- |17M • I'RAVING, rxp. and transfer bus.; no
rompft-ltlon; best (own on const; clears $200
monthly. Klll'im * CO.. «'-» Geary *t.
'jo |ri llnii'l B0 rooms: silicon, billiard and
rtiiiin<:-i-ooi!>; near boat landing: town of 2.mx>;
flfifo will r tit rt you. Kn In I c,>., 22 : j Geary,
ilflft - PARTNER to tiike retiring partner's place
111 imylnß niloon. ALFA CO.. or, Market st.
1,, PARTNER «it 11 1 • •] In i.ght genteel bust-
I.eiM., »-r»Nllv Iruine.l. ALFA CO., 8.1 Market.
rAItTNIIH « nut.-, 1 10 buy and run first-class
mtaurnnt, AI.I'A CO.. Wir. Market M.
ijofi -\\'i»o|i mid conl v«rd: bnrKHln: this day.
Alcl.Al.'dllLlN * CO., mv« Murlict St.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Con tinned.
DENTAL practice; 4 chairs; No. l location,
rooms and outfit; chance of lifetime: 24 years
established. COWING & CO., 995 Market st.
CANDY eture; fine location; cause of sale de-
parture. COWING & CO.. 995 i Market st. y:
BOARDING and rooming house; centrally lo-
cated; n»ts $%0 per month. COWING & CO.,
Sas Market st.
GROCERY: good location; One stock; must be
sold thla day. ■ iWING A C0~ 995 Market st:
BARBERS S-chair hotel barber shop for sale
In the center of this city, reason, death Of pro-
prietor. For particulars call on 11. bt.tih.U-
NERT, 927 Market st.
WILL pay from JMO to $:.oo for a. well-fitted
and paying cigar stand: leave particulars
with agents SCHOTTLKR A ''" . 6»! Market.
A • • ■■ TCHER shop; corner: good loca-
tion- trade J2O to $30 per day; everything new
and conpletet. CITY BUSINESS EX-
HANGE. 1032 Market st. ;y *
CAPITA! required In a prosperous and weii-
establlshed manufacturing business; all
means of Investigating freely granted Ad-
dress box 2864. Call office.
14^0 — AN established commission business,
clearing v it week; can be increased; work
easy. Address box 2431. Call.
$S!*S— BARGAIN: corner salooon and lunch
lions'-; good location; no cents. Inquire box
242:», Call office.
JlTo^-BRANCH bakery and notions. If sold
within 1" days; cood business Address
owner, box 2427. Call.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; finely located; up to
date and good-paying business; must sell ac-
count of sickness. 302 J st., Sacramento, Cal.
. MAN wanted with JIM; good business; no ex-
perience. ICC Eddy St., rooms 16-17
BARBER shop; reasonable; tlrst-class trade;
proper location; party going East. ":*6 Geary.
WANT to buy saloon cheap for cash: centrally
located: no a^'-nts need reply. Box 2423, Call.
FOR sale In a suburban city, a crockery busi-
ness and oil route doing profitable and safe
business; capital Involved about $4000. For
particulars apply between 11 and 12 o'clock to
F. W. DOHRMANN. 122 Sutter St.
FOR sale— Grocery and bar; north of Market
st.: doing tine business: nice neighborhood;
fine place for man understanding the busi-
ness; ,>...' reasons for selling. Address box
2415. Call olllce.
ARE you looking for a soort-pnylng Investment
of jktOO or }2'X)O In a business where you can
be active? If no. Investigate this proposition
by addressing box 2419, Call ofllce.
FOR milt - Chophouse; nicely fitted; doing good
business, 5 Polk st.
FOR sale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established 28
year*; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel; can be rented
*epara>; long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIER, 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
f3200-- HOTEL. 60 rooms; richly furnished; good
will; splendid business: grand location. K. E.
BUNCE. 90S Broadway, Oakland.
SMALL restaurant and branch bakery; «st. 16
)tf. ; for sale account sickness. 1147 Howard.
PARTNER wanted In a produce business. Call
4 p. m . 1126 Hnrrlson st.
MAN with small capital wants business of
.in- kind. Box 2949, Call office.
FOR sale— Blacksmith shop; cause of selling,
death of owner. Apply nt 22 Cortland aye.
LONG-ESTABLISHED central delicacy store;
low rent: $175 monthly profit. Call at once
on MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st.
FOR sale— Saloon, restaurant and lodging-
house. 748 Fourth st., corner Berry.
jr.iin— BRANCH bakery; dairy produce for eale.
Address box 2S2S. Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant for sale; receipts $20
to $311 per day; sickness cause for selling.
Box 2W.2. Call office.
CIGAR store for sale; desirable location; new
stock and fixtures 501 California St.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant In cent-r of the town
for sale: cheap. Box 2904, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor ire; established
25 years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, eta 1401
well Ft.
PRIVATE house; IS rooms; 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Box 247. Call office.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 41 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for all advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at W><> Va-
lencia -•
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
j FINE top liurkv. altrcst new; business buggy,
new: business wagons, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockaway. £28 Harrison St.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EOAN & SON. £117 Mission »t.
100 SETS second-hand harness; * ag ns, carts,
buggies. surreys ami l:nr«»«. IK- 1 Folsi st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become ditsusted with poor work
rend to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 3:.3-3.'.7 Tehama St.: tel. B. 40.
CITY Steam Cnrpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-4O ?tli st.; lei. South 2.'.0.
J. McQUEI ■ California Car;iet Cleaning Co.,
453 Stevenson st. Tel South :2S: :ov/«.«t rates
ADVANCE Carpet denning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 314. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATI " 3 Eighth it.: tel Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 14th
St.: cleaning. 3c per yard tel. Mission '•».
CON KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden j
C.ate .I', ■■• . tel. Fa»t 126.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste; a household blessing: a sure
cur- for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
AR.-nt Office and factory. 21 Spenr Xt
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. DR. CLARK,
the well-known ttnnee medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entranced
she will reveal every hidden mystery; she will \
show you how to overcome your enemies; re- :
move family troubles; restore lost affections; ,
"unite the se;>nrated: recovers I^st. stolen or
burled property: locates minerals; tells your 1
entire life, while in a perfect trance; satis- .
fact guaranteed by mall; send stamp for I
circular with Fpeclal terms MRS. DR. F. 1
CLARK. 205 Turk st. Home Sundays and I
evenlncs. I
Ml?s! 7.~~7. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
mo. Hum. life render and medical clairvoyant:
sittings fl; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatmTt for chronic, private, ■ obscure dls-
eases: reml etnmp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant: never
falls: satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5
p. m.. 7-1 p. m.; L.. 2.'c; G.. 50c. GI2V3 Eddy.
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice In difficult mat-
ters. S Hayes st.. room 7. second floor.
EDWARD EARLE. independent slatewrlter,
330 Ellis st. circle Sun. nnd Wed. evenings.
PROF. GEE. medium, "-■ and tells every-
thing: 50c, ?1; circle nightly. 25c. 1035 Market.
MME. MORKAU, the best medium and card
reader; 2"c up. 73 Fourth st.. near -ion.
MRS. BURSH. 245 Fourth St.. Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer: prices reasonable.
' ARRIVED— Professor Haley; reads life, cradle
to grave. 5<V. $1. 39 Turk, parlor* 25 and 26.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
2rc; correct answers to nil questions. 5 7th st.
MRS. C. .1 MEYER. 335 McAllister; \ readings;
tests dally. 10c; dr., Mon., Frl., 25c, 2-8 p. m.
MME. SYBILLE— CradIe to grave: future hus^
Viand's picture. 25c: ladies. •14 O'Farrell ft.
MMV AUGUST, clairvoyant, card read nnd
I palmistry. 25c; truth or no ray. 1141 Mission.
lllin. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
I sitting* dally. 212H Sixth st.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 26c up. 5 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents--The Weekly Call;
It puces. In wrapper, for mailing, fl per year.
CLINIC
CALIFORNIA Medical COIII | Folsom;
free p. it il and sore, treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency; no charge un-
; l-»i» mcceimful. Room 310. ■■-.'7 Mnrket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
B-ROOM rear cottage. 1 Larkin place, off I*ar-
kln St., bet Kills and O'Farrell. ; / • .
COTTAGE 4 rooms, yard, 110. Key C 32 Second
Bt., near rani an.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and yard; rent %S. 1021H
Lombard st., near Hyde.
REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; W. M 0 Cas-
tro st.
I BUNNY looms and basement: rent 111. 360S
Twenty-sixth nt.. bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
COTTAGES WANTED.
WANTED— To rent furnished cottage of about
I rooms; city or adjoining. Box MM, Call.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, SATrEDAY, NOVEMBER 11. 1899.
DENTISTS.
A^SrTT\^TThG GUNS' d^UU^parloirs! 927
Market st., over Cafe 7/inkand— extract-
ed without pain. by the use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gum?; the best and most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
lllllngs from $1 up; other fillings from Coc:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 GO up; flesh colored plates from $3 50
up: teeth without plates a specialty: open
evenings and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic for painless dentistry.
Bynol. on application to the gums, removes
the pain; see our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate: fillings. tOe: crowns, $3 .'.O; plates,
full set, $.".; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth ft.
I AT th« ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket Bt.. cor, 4th. mi. 7, Flood bldg., you can
j have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 SO up: plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. in. to in p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON, M.D., Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 (rFarrell «t., ex-
tracts and fills teeth palnlesslv by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
robber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students: guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without platea a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 12CC Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
DR. : IM.I'M HILL. 1448 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
MEYER -Deutscher ZJahnarzt. « Turk; Ist-class
work; prices l.as.; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc.. 8 graduate opera-
tors: open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearnv. cor Bush:
full set teeth, $4; crowns. $3; filling*. 25c.
I LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. %7 Mission, cor. 6th.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, .idles' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
DRESSES made; skirts. $1 25. MME. RAG-
I OASSON, 1718 Leavenworth st.
GEARY, 653 Skirt making especially; sklrta
from $1 75 up; suits from $5 up.
PARISIAN dressmaking, :S7 Geary: dresses
made $, i up; dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post. over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st., conducted personally by Mr. and Mrs.
j W. F. Ayres. Individual Instruction In short- j
; hand, typing, English, penmanship and the
; practical voucher system of bookkeeping.
I Life scholarship, $50; catalogue,
HKALD"S Business College. 24 Post st., S. F. :
practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing, languages, telegraphy, English
branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc.; new SO- page catalogue free.
MISS M. G. BARRETT Is unable to till all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de- ;
Flres more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123ti Market st
ENGINEERING school, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.;
•ft. IXO4. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market. .
PRIVATE lessons; English branches; coaching.
telegraphing; 3 to 6 or T to i p. m. Box 2407,
Call office.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc. Prof. De Flllppe's
Academy of Languages, 320 Post: ablest profs.
LAW school. '-' Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland: day and night; correspondence.
PROP. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. 1008 Mission.
"EXPANSION " the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 305 Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING; arithmetic, grammar, writing; ■
day and night: terms I w 10?* Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 42C Powell, near Sutter; tel, Black 1321
FIELD'S Employment Agency— Help furnished
free. (.:,$ Clay st. ; phone Davis 521.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help, 421 Post; phone Main 19SG.
CHIN and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414--. O'Farrell st. ; tel. Bast 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO OAKI. SO Geary st. : tel O-nnt .'>«.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — IK>l\l.n.
FIRST-CLASS German cook desjres a situa-
tion: also first-class Swedish cook; best refer-
ences; city "r country. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN. 323 Sutter st . phone Main 651. !
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation as housekeeper; city or country; '
1 best ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 823 Sutter st.
RELIABLE, middle-aged Eastern woman
wishes position is attendant for Invalid or
aged person; or would take entire charge ■!
Infant references. Call on or address NURSE.
1711 Polk st.
RESPECTABLE temperance woman wants
dishwashing where she may have her boy of
1! with her; hotel or restaurant. Address:
MRS. CLARA, Berkeley. !
I 747 HOWARD Bt., bet. Third and Fourth— An I
experienced woman as tlrst-class cook and .
pastry; restaurant, hotel or boarding house;
best of references; city or country.
RELIABLE woman for general housework and
plain cooking or day work; no objection to
acroes the bay: good reference: Apply 1519
Grove ft.. bet. Baker and Lyon,
COMPETENT sick nurse; has best of referen- j
'•— ; long practice; moderate wages; city or
country. Call at 120 Fourth St., room 14.
COMPETENT woman desires to be employed
half days at washing or housework; terms
Me. Address box 2434, Call office.
WANTED— By respectable young w.man, po-
Bltlon as housekeeper; Is first-class in every
respect. Address <".27 I'Farrell st.
STYLISH dressmaker, good fitter and cutter,
$1 50; cuts by tailor system; dresses made
over; quick worker. L., 2it Mission st.
YOUNG woman with one child wishes position
as working housekeeper in widower's family
of 2 or 3; city preferred; references. Call or ■
address 1049 A Market St., room 60.
YOUNG German-American woman would like'
a situation as housekeeper or chamberwork.
Call 210 East Ft. South.
DISTINGUISHED Italian lady and daughter.
speaking English, of correct manners ana i
habits, wish employment as companion to
lady or children or chambermaids. Address I
box 1301. Call. ■
TWO German girls wish situations to -Jo gen-
era! housework or upstairs work. Please call
13 Lucky aye., near Folsom St., between
Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch 1 tflce, 2200 Flllmore st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to JIM night: 1150 to 16
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
; and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ms. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at IC9S Va-
lencia -■:
— .
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
WANTED— Good File line for grocery, hard-
ware or furniture store In California, by ex-
perienced traveler with established trade.
Address box 2425. Call.
YOUNG mar. 22 years of age, wants position
in wholesale or retail grocery ; experienced
can furnish security. Address J. W. T., 109
I Taylor st . room 4.
STEADY. Industrious young man wishes work
of any kind: strictly sober; best kind of ref-
erences. Address E. E., 400 Capp st.
YOUNG man. Just come from the East, wishes
good position; best of reference. Address
PH. BCHMITT. 650 Fourth st.
JAPANESE young and honest boy wants a
position: housework and waiter In family
V BHIGE, 16 •■ Jones st.
YOUNG man Wishes work of any kind; steady
and reliable. Address E. N.. 415 First st.
CARPENTER wants work: repairing old work
a specialty. Address box 2435. Call office.
JAPANESE boy wants position as cook and
waiter In good family. HARRY, 1006 Jones.
GARDENER, good propagator and general gar-
dener, can run gasoline engine, do c. .,, h-
ninti's an.l any stable work, references, de-
sires situation; private place. Box 1416, Call.
EXPERIENCED salesman, stenographer and
typewriter, wishes situation; can furnish mi
I chine: best of references. Address box !9M
Call office.
MAN and wife want situations on ranch: man
as ranch hnnd and wife as cook. Call or ad-
dress H. D., 474 Jessie st.
WANTED— Position as meat cutter or night
cook In hotel or restaurant. Address Lick
Restaurant. Tenth and Howard sts.
GOOD blacksmith and horseuhoer hand with
I any kind of tools. Address i7O Minna st.
EMPLOY ME NT WA NTED — MALE.
A— sso OFFERED by competent accountant
and salesman for Information leading to per-
manent position at reasonable compensation.
Address box 2997, Call office.
SALESMAN; 14 years' experience with city and
country trade; beat of references. Box 2413.
Call office. : • j_
FIRST-CLASS barber would like to manage
or work In first-class shop. Address box
2409. Call. __^
JAPANESE honest schoolboy wants place:
work as cook or waiter in small family; has
good references. S-\l>A, 1010 Pine st.
BARBER. 2 years' experience, wants steady
job. Box 2909. Call office.
WANTED— Inside work of any kind by young
man: no night work. Address H. X.. 149 3d.
AN Al bookkeeper wants permanent position:
quick, accurate and competent to take full
charge of office; fir^t-class city references;
Address ACCOUNTANT Cosmopolitan Hotel,
cor. Fifth and Mission sis.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman
desires position as porter in -wholesale house
or More; understands the care of horses and
Is handy with tools. Box 2570. Call.
SITUATION wanted by competent man on a
Fnial! ranch; understands fruit, general farm-
Ing, poultry And vegetable raising; references.
Address box 3577. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office Cor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken.
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
le-nrln st.
EXCHANGE. '
■ $5000— FOR sale or exchange; good city Income
business property: will take flats or cottage
In the Mission. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777>4
Market Ft.
GOOD renting Oakland property for ranches.
.T. TT. EPSON. i?oi Rr"9flwav.' Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
1071.. Market st.. San Francisco: exam. free.
FLATS TO LET.
BAY window. 3 rooms and yard: basement. 19
Hampton place, off Folsom, near Third.
DESIRABLE sunny upper flat; modern; 10
rooms and reception hall. 1246 Waller st., 100
feet from Masonic aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath;. rea-
sonable. 3647 Sacramento, corner of Spruce.
FLAT of 8 rooms; $9. 70 Laskie St., oft Mis-
sion
FLATS— Just completed: modern 6 and 7 rooms;
yard; basement. 1933 O'Farrell st.
HOWARD, 2726— 527 50; furnished flat; 5 rooms;
piano.
LOWER flat of 3 rooms, 1310 I>arkln St. Apply
at 1319 Larkln st.
LOWER fiat of 4 rooms and bath; rent reason-
able 409 O'Farrell st.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat, 7 rooms, with
light and sun: reasonable to good tenant.
MIDDLE flat 4 rooms and bath; rent $14. I
Dearborn st., off Seventieth, nr Valencia.
PINE. 1336 near O'Farrell Sunny upper flat 6
rooms; bath; rent $12.
RENT $16; house of 8 rooms, •■! and view.
1021 Lombard St.
SUNNY flat of ' rooms and bath. 1412 Califor-
nia st., near Hyde.
SUNNY new style flat. " rooms and bath; mid-
dle flat. 736 Fourteenth ft.
SUNNY bay wit. ; ■ tints. 7 noms and 2 kitch-
ens each: first and second floors. 417' v Third.
A WEEK'S new* for 5 cents The Weekly Call,
16 rare*, in wrap] for mnllinir. '■ per vpar.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
GROVE, si*, near Fillmore— Handsome sunny
flat. 6 rooms, furnished or unfurnished: stable
If desired: references. |
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes. $2 90;
heavy matting, 10c pel yard: 30x60 Inch rugs,
$1. F.nstorn Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 Stockton
ft.. near Broadway; open evening.
£.35 PAGE St. — For snle. elegant furniture of
S rooms; flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $4S to, with No.
7 ram-" Kirc Furniture Co 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
ALFRED WOLLPERT, 77:: Mission St. . pay*
the highest price for your 2rl-hand furniture. ■
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc. : highest!
price paid postal. M S!lverst»ln. 1121 Market.
i : ::!.! n: -. FURS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes. }10 to
$30 ROBT. WALLACE. 115 Keirny. top 'loor.
HELP WANTED AGENTS.
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
»ion to a • - ted number of high grade
agents. We want the best men and women i
to be had: those of experience and who can
be relied upon for faithful work; persistent
and energetic of good address and with
•"gumption" and the tact to secure what they
attempt. Retired ministers, school teachers,
or those seeking outdoor life, make good
agent!*; regular salary and a commission on
each order to the Competent man or woman.
Call at agents' department ■' C. MURPHY, ,
29 Chronicle building, San Francisco, Cal.,
agent for the Curtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia, Pa.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle- |
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 Inches in six I
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth j
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LA MAR. 21 First St.. San Francisco.
AGENTS i ■■••■.: Coke Dandruff Cure and ;
other Easi specialties. P. C. M. A., 76 |
Flood hldg.. after 4 p. m. ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Th» Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED - German cooks, $36; cook, Ameri-
can family. $30. see lady at $3:30 a. m. ; 5
cooks German style, $25. $30; second work and
seamstress. $25; 3 German second girls and
nurses. $20; house. girl for Shasta, $25: cook
f, r Stockton, $25; laundress for Institution,
*■>• Ironer for country laundry, $25; a l«r>;e
number of _lrls for housework. $20, $2.".. city
an.l country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Slitter St. '_
C R lI\NSEN A CO.. ..PHONE GRANT is:,
.!..'.. WANTS TO-DAY FOR HOTELS
Two waitresses, same hotel, Tehama County.
$20 and fare: waitresses, Santa Clara Coun- i
ty. Placer County, $20; 2 chambermaids, ho- 1
teis city. $20, $17 50; 3 mangle girls and
■»hnk'-r out; laundress, hotel, city, $25: 20 girls
for housework, 125. C. R. lIANSEN & CO.,
104 Gear; st.
WANTED— Head waitress for officers* table
in Institution near city; $25 per month, with
board, room and washing; must be first-class.
W. D. EWER .* CO.. 810 Clay st.
GOOD Fewers to work In factory and at home
on children's and ladles' underwear. BAUER
BROS. CO.. 21 Bansome St.
LADY wanted to assist in light housework;
good home and fair pay for right party. 116
Taylor st., after 12 p. m.. for this week.
WANTED Second girls and good cooks: good
wages. MRS. CATTELL, 525 Eighth St.,
Oakland .
WANTED— Experienced sheepskin glove mak-
ers. F. G. CONK LIN & CO., 413 Sacramento.
LADIES to learn embroidery: something new
and profitable; classes formed. 70S Ellis St.
GIRL for general housework: wages $20. Ap-
ply 2116 Mas st.
WANTED— GirI for general housework; $20.
2P12 lay st.
MIDDLE-AGED lady for housework. Call 1453
Sacramento St.
WAXTKIi- A waitress In restaurant. 113 Turk
street.
COMPETENT girl to assist In general house-
work; wises $15. 620 Grove st.
WANTED— An honest respectable . girl for
candy store; age 20 to 25. 725 Golden Gate.
WIDOWER of 45 years with 2 girls aged 9 and j
II has a family rooming house; wishes a com-
petent lady with first-class reference to take j
care of house and be a mother to the chil-
dren. Box 2412. Call office.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general house-
work; wages $20. 1809 Butter Ft.
FIRST-CLASS vest maker on vests; good work,
good pay r:M'. Natoma st.
TAILORESB on cents wanted. 40? Slitter st.
GIRL for general housework at 117 Barlett st.
WANTED — An apprentice at vestmaklng. In-
quire at 517 Jessie st.
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls: paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove »ts.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands. T435 Polk st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. $1 per week. Eastern
Outfit Co.. 1306 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
HELP WAITED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY.. ...... PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT TO-DAY
CARPENTERS .... ... MINERS
6 more carpenters, 8 hours' work, $3 day; 2
more miners, single-hand drills, $75
Wheelwright stonemasons
10 plow teamsters 526 to $30 and found
Rock and grading foreman
Harnessmaker stablemen
Man to do blacksmlthlne and run small en-
irlne; teamsters and drillers, railroad work;
25 farm and orchard hands, $25 to $30 and
found
Farmer and wife.. 140 and found
10 milkers $25 and $30
8 pick and shovel laborers, city $52
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 630 Clay st.
WE PAY FARE AND.."
Ship you to the sawmills and woods
25 common laborers, barkers, crosscut saw-
yers, edcermen, etc.. $26 to $40 and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
CAKE and pastry baker; shop Oregon; $50 and
found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636
Clay st.
NIGHT cook, mining boarding house. $35 and
found; 12 cooks, city and country. $30, $40 and
$",0 and found; porter, country hotel, north:
5 waiters, city and country, $25 and found;
polisher, country laundry; piano player,
country saloon; dishwashers, elevator boys,
chore boys. etc.; ranch cooks. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 634 Clay st.
C. R. lIANSEN & CO 104 GEARY XT.
Teamsters, Coast Road, free fare, ship Sun-
day; stonemasons, railroad work, $3 50 a day,
free fare; teamsters and laborers, mountain
railroad, $26 and board; 10 orchard farmers,
$20 and board; 3 farmers. $26 and board; 2
miners, $2 50 a day; driver for a delivery
Wagon, $40 and found; German or Scandina-
vian driver for a milk wagon. $30 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
MAN and wife for private place, country, man
coachman and gardener, wife cook a.nd laun-
dress; $40 and found; see party here. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St. .
HEAD laundryman who can mark and distrib-
ute and Iron for a hand laundry, country ho-
tel, $35 and found; washer, hand laundry, $30
to 135 and found: meat and pastry cook, coun-
try hotel. $75; German cook, hotel, $45; night
cook, restaurant. $45; cook, city, $12 a week;
second cook, restaurant, $10 a week; pantry-
man, $25; pot washer, country hotel, $25. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary
".VAN TED— 2 men and wives, private places. $50;
gardener and wife, M."; teamster for coal
yard, must be acquainted with city, $2 day;
all-round stableman, $50; chore boy, $10; 2
first-class carpenters, $3 day; 6 miners, $2 25
nnd $2 50 day; timberman for mine,
$2 75: laborers for mines and quar-
ries. $2; woodsmen for Oregon, good wages;
farmers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
62S Sacramento St.
WANTED — man, $S week; cook, country
boarding house, $40; German cook and wife
for hotel, $60; cook for Nevada. $^0. fare re-
funded: waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED Gardener near city, $25; coachman
and gardener, $25: 2 Portuguese milkers. $30:
1 Swiss milker, $30; 2 sheepherders, $25; 5
ranch teamsters, $26 and $30; 20 woodchop-
pers, good layout, tools and provisions ad-
vanced; cook, country hotel, $50; butcher,
country hotel. $25; baker, country hotel, and
others." W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ,
Employment Secy., 630 Market, downstairs.
BARBERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. H. Bernard, sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED, by wholesale grocer, strong, young,
sober teamster; state experience and refer-
ences. Box 2426. Call.
WORK for yourself. I will start you; make
$100 monthly; particulars with goods, $2.
Address A, Call office, Pan Jose.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
715H Davis st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday: call after
% a m. 3095 Sixteenth St., near Valencia.
FIRST-CLASS barber at 4116 Eighteenth St.;
steady place for right man. Apply at once.
WANTED Driver for a bakery wagon. Apply
1035 Market st.
DISHWASHER— Good home for right party;
call early. 44S Third St.
WANTED Good oyster opener; also boy to
wash dishes. 212 O'FarrPll St.
WANTED Boy to learn trade. 141 Fremont
street.
FIRST-CLASS bootblack: grind wages paid.
1205 Market si . corner Eighth.
WANTED— A first-class bootblack; $10 per
wpfk. 138 O'Farrell Ft.
BRIGHT b..y In wholesale house. Address with
reference box 24.";.". Call.
BRIGHT boy of about 15 for stop-; must be.
competent to drive team. Box 2430. Call.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Grand Hotel Barber
Shop.
WANTED — Dishwasher; at once; $4 a week.
LIPSCHITZ restaurant. 413 Pine st.
wan';" A good hlnck butcher; $30 a month
and board. 331S Mission st.
GERMAN boy for printing office. Apply room
4. 535 California it
WANTED Four men for office work; steady
employment; good pay. 916 Market st., r. SI.
WANTED Good dishwasher. 126 Ninth st.;
call early.
WANTED — Lunch waiter; also a steady waiter.
517 Montgomery st.
EOO PAIRS men's shoer. slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
MAN to do Janitor work for his tuition at S.
F. Barber College, 741 A Howard st.
BUTCHER wanted; a young man for cutting
and route: steady. Kentucky Market, 1512
Kentucky st.
WANTED- At Jamestown, Tuolumne County,
200 men; laborers, teamsters and drillmen;
free passage from Oakdale; take boat to
Stockton, cars to Oakdale for $150; good
board and Rood camp accommodations; work
for seven or eight months. CAMPBELL &
BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired; constant practice; ejpert instruction;
]<• ■•■ivs on dermatology: Saturday wages;
rjjjl or write for free illustrated catalogue.
• >LER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
\ .'\'TKl> Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— A good grocery clerk at SW. corner
Shotwell and Twentieth sts.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c to
50c. 562 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED 100 men to try our 16c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD *; CO., nttor-
neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS nnd ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, 15c and 25c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market, st. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms. 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions his been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. : open till 9 p. m.
HORSES. LIVE STOCK, Etc — For Sale
BO HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1625 Market St.. between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday
11 o'clock, at Ormonde Stable, 1517 Mission st
5. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon. buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN .*• DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HOUSES — LODGING — FOR SALE.
ROOMING house; centrally located; cause sale
sickness COWING & CO.. 935 Market st.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see B\-
SILE, 3 Eddy st.; new cash buyer dally.
WANTED, partner In good paying lodg-
ing house. 106 New Montgomery st.
BARGAIN; must be sold; Philadelphia House
421 Bush st.;- 45 rooms; 40 fur.; gas and water!
10 ROOM lodging house, all full: paying house-
no agents or infers. Call 604^ Mission st.
BOARDING and rooming house; nets $80;
must sell to-day. Owner, box 2405. Call.
LODGING-HOUSE of 13 rooms, ail occupied.
for sale at 2 Washington St.
HOWARD. 704. cor. Third— Nice corner house:
SS rooms: all rooms full: cheap.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list: houses to~Te7TsenTlror~cir^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
(-ROOM, new, modern. $25: near Buchanan and
Greenwich sts.. or will sell; $500 cash, balance
like rent. THE McCARTHY CO., 646 Market.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL
10 Montgomery st.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 142 Sixth.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST^on Oakland ferry boat -Purse contain-
ing-, money and gloves. Return to 2751 Iwentj-
fourth st. : reward.
MEDICAL.
DR. WTETH.' ladles' physician : consul-
tation free: home for patients In confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $:,. 942 Post St.. between Hyde
and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic dSSaVs; with best possible care.
MRS DR GWYER. 510 Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
and Larkln. Office hours-10 to 12. 2 to 4 and
7 to 8. .
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of carp; nice garden; i.^&N-FR
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS.VW EOfcNKR.
phone Pine 2751; res. 1312 Golden Gate a^e■
MR«* DR. KOHL. ladies' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket' sY bet Mason and Taylor: guaranteed
treatment at office. $5; hour- 9a. m. to ap. m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market St.. has returned from Eu-
rope and ts now at US Eddy ft.
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical PhJ-'lcian for
37 years: call on physician with man s knowl-
edge; cure $5. 318 Kearny: consultation free.
DR. WISE, the ladies* specialist HIS Market
St.; every cate guaranteed: $5 up.
HOME in confinement; treatment S3; consul ta :
tlon free. MRS. ALLEN. 228 Van Ncsa aye.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist, 1023% Market st
MRS. DR DAVIES. ladles' physician. 1228
Market st.. bet Taylor and Jon^.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dls-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont at.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and "cond-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
St.. above Sixth. ■ "'.-." : -"-'
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 106. : Mission st.
A 14-KARAT gold stem-winding American
watch for $25; worth $00. UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. ' : -
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100; concert records. $2 50. BACIGALUPI.
933 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR Christmas presents call on JAS. A. BOR-
ENSEN, reliable Jeweler, 103 Sixth St., below
Mission.
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pups: also
fine talking parrot. 156 Tehama st., off Third.
CREAM of Irish setter blood; prices reason-
able. Glenmore Kennels. 2041 Linden, Oakland.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes,
iron & wood; 2.1 hand. J. BURKE, 139 Beale.
TWO-STORY new building to be removed on
account of Santa Fe depot. 21 Bryant St.,
near Main.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes:
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 103-111 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, hrlckdust. S. R.
CHURCH, " 7 Sansome <=t. : t»l. Main 5056.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. .TARDINE. 220 Fremont.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents sear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new. gd-hand. Whitelaw.2l6 Spear.
A— s3 50 DERBY and I'edora hats. $175. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR. CREEL Y'S C. P. Worm Pills; by all drug-
gist.", or Dog Hospital. Rlfl Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO 417-421 Sacramento st
DRESS pants, $275; fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. ETFEN. HID Minion: tel J<»««le 1163.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
I WILL pay 3c each for quart claret bottles;
Hocks. 4c; Snuterne*. 4c. Call or address C.
M. MANN. 220 Sacramento Ft.
WANTED— 12-gauge shotgun; cheap;
state price. S. S.. box 171, Call office.
OLIVES — Attention to fanners; any quantity
of olives will be bought. A. DETOY. 321
Clementina St.. S. F.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows: send postal. CHARLES LEWIS, 611
Union st.
WANTED— To hire 100 f.rst-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. R.
STONE. Rlmhurei
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In Installments or as a whole; If you
owe a lance on the purchase price we will
pny It and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-C3 Donohoe bid*. 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, Interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. O. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
rem .il ; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try nil others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates in probate, undivided Interests In
estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
rate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and ;ew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 546 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ON real estate. Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos: no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg., 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
monds, etc.; lowest rates; take elevator.
TO salaried men; without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 l>he!an big.
$SOOO TO loan on furniture and pianos at 2 per
cent WINSTON & CO.. 1 . -', Market st.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
.without indorser. TOUSLEY. 430 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries;
rents. KLOTH. 220 California st.. room 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50.000: lowest rat"«; Ist and 2d mortfts •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
— — ! I
MONEY WANTED.
$2000 — WANTED, a loan for 2 years at 7 per
cent by responsible parties; will give im-
proved business property as security. Ad-
(!re»s box 7847. Call office. Oakland.
MUSICAL INSTRUCTION.
PROF. KAKIAKA. the well-known humorist,
will give his services free for entertainments. I
Address box 2432, i 'all office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
A GREAT "cash raising" sale of pianos is
now going on at MAUVAIS'. 783 Market st.;
dent delay If you want a bargain.
ANOTHER chance for great bargains in pianos
Is offered for a week at MAUVAIS'. 769 Mar-
ket st.
SEE the new style Decker pianos and set the
low prices at MAUVAIS'. 760 Market st.
THE Decker & Son pianos have been manufac-
tured ever since 1556, and are to-day the
• "best of the best." See the new styles at
MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASES.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and sati«fv «he
customer.
KNABE pianos: new scale; n .-\v stylos KOH-
LER & CHASE. » OFarrell st.
LARGE stock of Baldwin and other standard
1 " 1 "^
A-UPRIOHTS. $69 up; Installments. $:> 75 un "
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, m Ellis.'
W * E BADGER. 412 Sacramento st.. ajront for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis piano"
' MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS~w77r7Te?li^g~BOod upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in^ockl second-hand uprights upon same . easy
payments and good Pianos tor $3. $4 and
Vu * San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
sts San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ;
GOOD upright piano for $110 cash. KEEFFE'S.
1019 Van Ness aye. _____—.
WANTED-! square pianos. BYRON MAUZY.
808 Post st. _____——
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
24 NEW pianos to rent; $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CURTAZ CO.. SfiO Hayes st. ;
GOOD upright piano, nearly new; . cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister St. __
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ. 16
McAllister St.. next HI hern la Bank. ■
SOHMKR, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SOS
Post st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT-T.T.FT? maker. r«-nnir»r. 2 T.ntViTn p-Uc».
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market St.—
Light, sunny offices. $12 50 to $20 per month.
MARKET, 1021M>— Three Lar re rooms, suitable
for offices. .^^__^____
PALMISTRY.
MMi: KEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st, above Jones: .lasses:
office hours, 1 to 8 p. m. ; reading by mail, $1.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
phon» Larkln 1066. MRS. L. ;
PERSONALS.
ACQUAINTANCE of Intelligent young lady;
object matrimony; business scholarship fur-
nished free. Address box 2414. Call.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
turners; make-up and wigs: country orders so-
licited. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Market st.
A KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old gold: send for him. 109 Sixth St..
IT'S Lederer's Quintonica gives that beautiful
gloss to the hair; 35c bot.; Foam Shampoo
cleanses the scalp, 5c pkg. 123 Stockton st.
LEDEP.ER dresses the hair to suit the face. 25-
-only; Veda Rose Rouge gives that perfectly
natural color; easily applied: cannot harm
most delicate skin; 50c box. 123 Stockton at
ELEGANT remnants for suits, $10 75; par •
$3 75. or overcoats. $12 50; made to order;
sample- sent to Interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1C44 Market st.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, . Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law. I and Copyright
No 4 Sutler St.. | Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel 44 Third st., near Market: .100 rooms;
%'<• to $1 B0 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SLAUGHTER In unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
clothing, etc.. for amount loaned and inter-
est CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
years' experience: J. 8., box 2SBS. Call office.
ONLY store that buys old gold. Jewelry and
CAst-off clothing. COLEMAN'S. 506 Kearny.
BIST price lor cast-oft clothing and bric-a-
brac. H. MARKS. 200 Third st.; send postal.
JAMES A. SORENSON, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 Sixth st., near Mission.
SUITS to order on easy installments. '».
LEMOB, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
DR. L. B. WOOD; dental work In all branches:
examination free. 719 Market St.. rms. 2 ft 3.
PAINTING and paper hanging: rooms papered.
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 308 Sixth st.
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCKhae removed La Verits
Parlors to 1140 Market: phone Folsom 446.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors, CSS Kearny ft., first floor, room 2-3.
MRS BENNETT, 1165 Mission— Cancer cure 8
days.; no knife, no caustics: references.
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay: book for stamp. 6 Eddy st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: goods bought,
sold, exchanged, f-25 Dupont St.. nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LaCHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny si
fF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin.. 514 Pine.ab.Kmy. (
WANTED— OId gold for manufa'in*. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest ■ stock; square deal and
prompt sen-ice; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence.
1021*4 Market ct.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
HOUSE and lot: near car line: $2500 cash. A.
8.. box 2415. Call office.
HEAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
PROBATE SALE
AT AUCTION,
TUESDAY, NOV. 14. 1899, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
At Salesrooms of
SIIAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. NOB. 218-220
Montgomery St.. Mills building.
ESTATE OF ELIJAH PRICE.
HARRISON-ST. FLATS.
M2-982H Harrison St., northwest line. 88:5
northeast of Sixth st. : lot 24:SxS0; 2 flats of 6
rooms each; rents $12 each; total, $24.
MISSION-ST. STORE PROPERTY.
2525-252.i t 4 Mission St.. oast line. 195 feet north
of Twenty-fifth St.; lot 25x115 feet; store and
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rents, store $15, flat
$1S; total $33.
SACRIFICE: must be sold; make an offer; new
9-room house and lot 26:9x100; No. 356 Rich-
land aye.: cost $3000: less than $2000 will buy
It. SHADBURNE, 616 Sacramento st.
$3400 MODERN 5-room cottage on bltumlnlzed
street: lot 25x120; also a large 7-room house
on Pierce st. near Halght; houses built to
suit purchases: easy terms. Inquire on prem-
ise?. F. NELSON. Builder.
$900 FOR new house 01 0 rooms and lot 50x100.
In Oakland; terms $200 cash, balance $9 per
month; lot and house cost $1200. Inquire WM.
HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call building.
FOR sale— 4-room cozy house: 0 foot 8 Inch
basement; large lot and stable; electric cars.
223 Twenty-ninth st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye.. and you wish to sell them.
mil en W. .T. OTTNN. < i 0 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
160 ACRES, Santa Clara County; part In fruit;
7-room house: bargain; $3500; terms to suit.
.1. W. DONNELLY A CO., 632 Market st.
Z:, ACRES land near Uklah; price $1000. 1122
Thirteenth aye., Oakland.
13 l - ACRES: must be sold; make offer; all In
bearing trees: 2 miles from Santa Clara; 10-
-room house, barn, windmill. 2 wells, all Im-
plements. 9 Geary St.. room 13.
25 ACRES of choice fruit or early vegetable,
land. For particulars address P. O. box 137
Vacavllle. *
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING]
A BRANCH office for CairadvTrUs^nTnts and
subscriptions has been established at th»
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until ? p. m.
clay. 2421. near Fillmore-2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard: water; rear- rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscriptions
received at < all branch office. 2200 Fillmor* st.
EIGHTH, m— Nicely furnished sunn >' suite f ° r
housekeeping, $10; single rooms, $5
FIFTH. 253-Fisrnlshed housekeeping; 3 con-
necting. $13; also single. $5 to $7.
po if o jf »*. tali reek; large,
nf lern '" "f™ "^ klu ' h<> n: bath and all
m. dern conveniences; private.
FULTON. 21S. cor. Van Ness-Kitchen, bed-
room, yard; hot and cold water; other rooms.
H £,I GH I 1 6" * unn newly furnished rooms
for housekeeping.
II ho D 1 E p > k»»7;r SUl ">y unfurnished roomi for
housekeeping; references required.
LA |*X°?, ON .' k 2s^' bPt ~Harrison and Bryant i
Private family r ° OmS for housekeeping; cellar;
i'rMHip Iflnilly.
L m"p < tl Xl 1^ '« ; i sunn housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $2 per month; central.
L ££™*= IS2l> , or . Sacramento— « large sunny
rooms complete; janjte. stationary tubs. bath.
OAK, 130 0 furnished housekeeping rooms on
__ sunny side to let; cheap.
oUAHRKI.I.. 18, n?ar Powell— All light rooms:
_»4 Apply 1;, Grant aye.
" !-\Ul:ki 1. ' fat 3 nicely furnished house-
kc *P ln « , rooma; very reasonable. '
SKVKxrH. 193 -°ne large unfurnished room;
toousekis. rms. & suites. MRS. FRAHL. prop.ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
6HOTWELL 119, near --..th— FurnisheTor
unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD. S72G. near Dolores— B sunny
i .ay-wlndow rooms, complete; new carpets.
VAN NESS, 400— large well furnished con-
necting rooms; sunny; fine yard; stationary
tubs. ■
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pubscrlptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lenoia st.
ROOMS TO — 1 urn. nud I nforn.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San
Antonio"; Opened Oot. 14: elo.-trio elevator;
hot and cold water; radiators and coal grates;
rat. reasonable. 21 Taylor st.. near Market.
A.=-BUTJNS'vnCK HOUPE^ 148 Slxth-Rooma
pc to $1 per night ; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A— "EPWORTH." clean, respectable 2ic to $1
per night, • ; 1 2;. to $6 per week; light house-
keeplng. li>37^ Market St.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk and Taylor ets.—
Homelike house; modern service-- elevator;
bath; ro^tns 50c to 11 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT The. Waldorf, 309 Powell— Two front suites;
also single room, without board.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Sunny corner suites; sin-
Rle rooms: all conveniences; gentlemen and
families; elevator; special rates traveling men.
BURNETT. 1426 MarkeTTold No7~l364)^Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: alßo unfurnished.
CARROLTON. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well fum; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED adverticements and subscriptions
at^Call branch office. 22C0 Flllmore st.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner MasoTv-El'psantly I
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat j
■ rooms: $1 50 week up; elevator day and night. i
ELI.Ir-, Tils— Basement room Cor gentle f"
yner, month.
FOLSOM; -3"6 — Two eunnv connecting rooms;
unfurnished.
FRANKLIN. 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay- !
window room for 2 young men; also houaekpg. !
GEARY. 217 — 4 unfur. rooms: modern conven.; j
elegant office for dressmaker or physician.
GEARY, 3*4 — Sunny front room; furnished for j
couple or 2 seiiticmen; Jio.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh I
a:iJ Minion sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or ;
hinsle; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator. ;
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— Respectabla i
family rooming-house; new and elegantly fur- ;
nishe.l rooms; grates; running water: bath; j
i'SOc, 'Is, $1, Jl 50 per night; J2 50 U> V petywKi j
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family j
ro.jir.ing house; $1 50 to $6 per week. _.' j
HARRISON, 7S4U. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished rooms: bath: a!l latest Improvements;
quiet home; $1 week v.p.
HOWARD, 715— 2\S) runny rooms; nicely fur-
nl'shed; every convenience: electric lights.
HOWARD. S29— Clean, respectable. 2ao to »1 per !
night;. irom Jl per week to $3; Howard-st car
to the door. i
HUGHES House, 214 Third— Newly renovated; ;
2.50 to >c per night; $1 50 to J3 per week.
HYDE, l'"<2t>. near California— Large front sunny j
rurnlsbed room, with it without piano; $S.
McAI.LISTER, TOI'-i— 3 nice rooms for house- •
keeplng; also tingle and suites: bath: gas.
MINNA. W7. corner Eightn— Newly furnished
bay-window room, tl per week; trans-lent.
NaTOMA. CO2. near Seventh— Nicely furnished >
sunny front room for one or two persons.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished; I
5c li.ii up: 52 week up; transient.
O'FARRELL"; 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
.offlces:;eleyator; electric lights;; day. wk., mo.
O'FARRELL; S2S— Large sunny front room; |
g-u ?. grate, run. water; suitable for 2 gents. :
ROYAL House. 12-5 Ellis Bt.— Incandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'
parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to SI &<v. week, J2
i- JS: month, ts to $30: elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot, cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 1?2 (Girard House)— 2 handsome
sunny corner rooms for physician or dentts**
SHERMAN Apartment use, 2S Eighth St.,
n«i»r Market — Furnished and unfurnished.
ETEVENSON, 483— Small front room. $4; also ;
one lar*e front room.
THE Oaks. 119 Third— A gocd rooming house
for good people. R. HX'GHE3. Proprietor.
VAN NHSS, 221— Single sunny room; grate, j
running water; $10; suitable for two gents.
A BRANCH office for Cull advertisements and |
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest oorner of Twenty-second and Ken- ,
tucky sta. Open till 9 p. m. j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and j
■ subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- j
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED! by married couple, no children, 3 or
4 furnished rooms, suitable for housekeeping, .
in a nice r*ep«c.table neighborhood; state rent.
Box 1302. .■..: •
SfiWIXQ MACHINES \\n SUPPLIES.
J2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold; j
machine supplies. 145 Sixth, phone Mint 45. I
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re- j
palrlr.tr Pt lowest, rates. 2"V> Fourth at. j
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MASSAGE~\'apor, electric baths. PROF. W. J
RIEDL. 106 Eddy. form, at Highland Springs, j
ROOMS papered from J3; whitened, Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
BAD tenants ejected for J4: collections made; !
city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
i\Z Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.. \
722 Mission; ■•■ - A .s guaranteed: tel. Clay 25.
PIEROE«-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. !
rt'r<r~. V.l P--,»t. cor. Powell: t*l Main '713.
■ — —• ' —^ — — — ■ .
. TO LEASE.
ETORE to lease; Mission st.. bet. First and
Sercnd: lot 2'xlfO: put in order to suit tenant.
J TOMPKINPON. ." Minna St.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed i years.
The Roy Jewelry «n1 Or;tl.-«; Co.. MO F>amy.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
lISCO— LOT :txl."o, with larga cottage of 8 '
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2.V;o— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house i rooms
and th; near station; must be sold at once;
*xrth 14000.
f2So>.r- Ix<t 40x160. on Morton st., bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 room*;
1500 cash balace $25 per month.
$3350— L0t 40x160; Morton St.. near Santa
Clara aye.; elegant new house of 8 roomi; ;
WQ cas<h. balance J3O per month. Houses to |
let In all parts of Alameda,
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st I
tZZ"f>— YOUR own terms; house of 8 rooms; lot j
EOxlso. £5500— San Antonla aye., near Chestnut
tl.; cottage of 7 rooms; $500 cash. J. H.
•iVN^i, 1218 Park Ft.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladie* in delicate health; large
KTMinis: T-rlvate. MRS. DR. FT'NKK. 1416 «th
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
$3100— NEW modern home if 8 rooms, etc. ; near
car*. O^'J MAY & CO., opp. High School. ,
$IC«PCOMFORTABLErcottaife^6i i ma; mill
■ and tank: '.arc- lot: snap. O. G. MAY & CO.
AGENCY Si eni<; Park and Bhattuck Tracts. O. '
Q ". I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE- 908 BRQA DWAY.
, — j
OAKLAND ttEAL ESTATE.
4GO ACRES to leaw, :•: '.ir, n-.ir Liver-
more; 60 acres hay. tsprihvs, houso. nee; 7000
_g^djg%a^^ V - *"«T Public,
MODERN, nearly r,e W , 2-story «-room residence
» ! ! F ' I NMcoi
aye.; only tiro cash, balance to suit; house
open to-aoy.
: ,"<"»«.-? bath; « suitable » for
li^£^lfeSi2 O£lkland: take
14- ACRES In Oakland; up-to-date horn- want
wiy^kUr- £ - M :
" I ' BNIBHED < OTTAt.ES. ,
NICELY fu fished 8 room coT^Tf^.^7^;^
.to, let for this winter to adult family; refer' '■
■ ence •■ ■■'"-■ ': '_ f ,i ar Kt.. Oakland
OAKLAND H»Mnm: FOR BALE.
AN Introduction to you fro !n n. ghellhaaa ,, i>;
furniture dealer, UtU and Frankly. Oakland!
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Dividend No. S (J6o per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany. No. 327 Market St., on and after
Wednesday, November 15, 1899. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, November 9.
1881, at 8 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and county
Of San Francisco State of California. In the
matter- of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice Is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
Pan Francisco State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the City and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation
and that MONDAY. November 13, 1899, at 10
o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of said court,
Department No, 2. in the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day, time and place for the
hearing of said application,
In witness whereof I have hereunto pet my
! hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October. 1599.
WM. A. DEANB. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
[S"al.l
PROPOSALS.
' UNITED STATES Engineer Office, Flood
Building. Ban Francisco, Cal., September 12.
ISOQ_<:,> H iej proposals for erecting double
draw-K| an bridge, approaches thereto end
piers therefor, across tidal canal at Frultvaie
aye., near Alameda, Cal., will be received
here until 1! o'clock noon, November 14, 1599.
Information furnish",' on application.
j W. H. HKT'ER. Major Engineers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Mnrriasre licenses have been issued as follows:
Charles E. I^iean and Maggie Harnes 33-19
William J. Dermn and Ivy Sopher 22-1S
| Coriitilus McCarthy and Mary O'Leary.... 3o-21
1 William B. Meckfessel and lemma Prosek.. 27-22
i Charles a. Leo and Minnie Wilson 34-30
i Irvin J. Wlol and Elnie S. Hecht 2V25
; Jacob Simon and Sadie Futter 27-13
i l>avid O. King and Elsie. E. Erhart 19-20
I Franklin J. Hunt and Rose Livingston . 2S-22
\ "births-marriages-deaths,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
i rr.all will not be inserted. They must be handed
| in at either of the uubllcation offices and be
; indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the sam« published.
BORN.
ALPERS— In this city. November 10. 1599, to
the wife of Claus Alters, a son.
BEVANS— In this city, November 7, 1899. to
the wife of I. L. Bevans, a son.
CARMONA— In this city, November 3, 1899, to
the wife of Frank S. Carmona, a son.
HIIYNEMAXN— In this city, November 9. ISDO,
to the wife of Alexander Heynemann, a son.
KROGNESS— In Chicago, November 8. 1599, to
the wife of C. George Krogness, a son.
j LINDEVALD— In this city, November 7, 1899.
j to the wife of Conrad T. Lindevald. a daugh-
I ter.
j LIVINGSTON— In Oakland. November 6, 1599,
to the wife of Max Livingston, a daughter.
SEXTON— In this city, November 7, IS9S, to the
wife of Peter Sexton, a son.
, ZJNKB— In this city, November 10. 1899, to the
wife of Paul W. Ziinke, a daughter.
______
MARRIED.
| CARROLL— CARVEY— In Santa Rosa, Novem-
ber i, 1889, by the Rev. Father Mackey of
Tomales, James Carroll ana Mario Carvey,
both of Bloumfle-ld.
DIED.
i Bernards, Mary L. L.nd, Olaf T.
Brant. Bridget Locher. Paul
Cofer, Elliott M. Lyon, William H.
Cronin. Harry McConville. Richard
Crowther. Margaret Magee, Patrick
Devany, Lawrence Mulvey, -the C.
Frank, Anton H. O'Connor, Julia A.
Garrett, Evaline M. O' Gorman, Marie
II Idebrand, Qustave Richardson, Mary
Kc-rr. James 'A. Bchaertxer. Elmlra
Kaplan, Edgar W. Scott. Annie 3.
Kennedy. John J. Smith. Katie
; Lah'ne, Eugene Sprung, Ann
BERNARDOU— this city, November 9, 1593,
: Mary L, Bernardou, dearly beloved mother of
Eugenic Bernardou, and loving sister of
Mrs. E. Modeste and John Neebitt, a native
i of San Francisco, aged 3 i years 10 months
| and 22 days.
C_J"Frier:Js and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday,) at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1319 Montgomery street, near Union,
thence to the French Church of Notre Dame
I dcs Victolrea, Bush street, for services. In- i
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRANT- In this city. November 9, 1599, Brid- j
get Brant, wife of the late William P. Brant,
and beloved mother of Emma G. and John ;
S. Brant, a native of Ennisklllen, County
Fermanagh. Ireland, aged 6'. 1 years 7 months
and ii days.
E7*Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
-1 fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday.) at ! o'clock, from her late resi-
i dence, 1712 Jones street, near Broadway. In-
terment Masonic Cemetery.
] COFER— In this city, November 9. 189S, Elliott
Marion, beloved husband of Emeline P.
j Cofer, and father of Lorenzo R., Sara J. and
Elliott M. Cofer, a native of Missouri, aged
j 64 years.
CCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
I fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resl-
i dence, ISSO Turk street, thence to Bnai B'rith
Hall, 121 Eddy etreet, where services will be
held at 1:30 o'clock, under the austilces of
Pacific Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. thence
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cremation.
'NIN -In this city, November 9. 1899, Harry,
beloved husband of Louise Cronin, and father
of Frank, Harry, Nellie. Mabel and Alfred
Cronin, a native of Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 41
years. A member of Magnolia Lodge No. 41,
A. O. V. W.
CTFriends are respectfully invitM to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1:30
o'clock, from Red Men's Hall, 320 I'ost street,
where services will be held under the auspices
of Magnolia Lodge No. 41. A. O. D. W. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at ;
the parlors of the United Undertakers. 27 and
29 Fifth street.
CROWTHER— In this city. November 10, 1593.
Margaret B. f . beloved wife of Isaac Crowther,
and mother of Mrs. Alice Marshall. Mrs.
Prank Matherson of Woodland and. Miss
Klizabe-th, Mildred and Joseih Crowtbc-r, a
native of Eastport, Me., aged &S years and
6 months.
DEVANY— In this city, November 9, 1539, Law-
rence, beloved husband of Lydia E. Devany,
and father of Ciotilde, George, Laurine, Nina
and Enid Devany, a native of London, Eng-
land, aged 44 years 7 months and 19 days. -
t^T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday,) at 9 o'clock, from his late resl-
de-noe, 403 Clayton street, near Oak, thence by
11 o'clock boat (creek route). Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery, Oakland.
FRANK— In I. Tin, Alameda County, November
8, 18S)i«, Anton H. Frank, beloved husband of \
Muthla Frank, and father of Frederick S. :
I Frank, a native of Augustenburg, Alsen, Ger-
many, asred 61 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock/ from his late resi-
; dence, Baker street, near Blackstone. Friends
will please get off at Lorin station. Services
: Under the auspices of Berkeley Lodge No. 270,
I. O. O. F. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
; GARRETT— In this city, November 9, 1899,
Evaline Mabel Garrett, beloved daughter of
Mrs. M. .1. Klnney and the late S. T. Garrett,
and sister of Qenevleve and Harrold O. Kin-
ney, a native of San Francisco, aged 14 years
and 6 months.
jt?*Frtend!< and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 2111 Greenwich street, between
Webster and Flllmore. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery-
■ HILDEBRAND— In this city, November 0, 1899,
Guetave Carl Hlldebrand, beloved son of
Alexander and BSmllie Hildebrand, and
brother of Anna and Ernst Hildebrand, a
native of San Francisco, aged 28 years and 8
months. .:.'•'-' ■■::"-
'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 1017 Golden' Gate avenue. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
I KAPLAN In this city, ember 9, 1899, Ed-
car W dearly beloved son of E. J. and M.
C Kaplan, and beloved grandchild of Mrs.
c' Mackie, a native of San Francisco, aged 7
years 4 months and 11 day*.
I-riendG and acquaintances are respect-
full'- Invited to attend the funeral this day
fOaturviay) at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 406 Laguna street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
vrvVKl'l'-In Cottonwood. Shasta County,
/•"•Tl November 9. ISH9, John J.. beloved son
of the'late Patrick and Bridget Kennedy, and
brother of Thomas P.. Joseph W Frank and
William B. Kennedy, a native of Napa, Cal.
■ (reinterment at Napa.
v-p-hr— ln this city, November 9, 1899, James
K f K'7rr beloved son of the late Thomas and
Margaret Kerr, and brother of Thomas H.
2>r7a native of Londonderry, Ireland, aged
M (-ears 4 months and 10 days.
VrFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
*,iiv invited to attend the funeral this day
JSLturdav at n o'clock, from the parlors of
(caturaay. « Cocnran Company, E2 and . M
Mint avenue. im.rment Laurel Hill Ceme-
LAHNB-In thin city; October 9, 1899, Eugene,
" '^-Srion of Standard and Mary Lahne. a
luMv-rof* San Francisco, aged 2 months,
ttnt> In this city November 8. 1899. Olaf
Ij^ ' ' .^ore. l t"X,v~l " husband of Hulda L.nd.
hhNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan * Gallagher),
fuSEaTmrtctorb and E MBALM
£0 Fifth- st., opposite Linciln school.
Telephone South SO.
-
THE SAN. FB AN CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
a native of Sweden, aged 36 years 4 months
and 12 days.
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LOCHER— In this city. November 10. 1899, Paul
Locher, a native of New York, aged 33 years.
GJTTiends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors or
Julius S. Godeau, . 305 . Montgomery avenue.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LYON— this city, i November ID, 1&99, Wil-
liam H., dearly beloved husband of Maggie
Lyon, father of Willie Lyon. son of Mrs.
John McClellan, and brother of Frank E.
Lyon, a native of.Redbank, N. J., aged 29
years. (Vallejo papers please copy.)
K?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late re*:-
dence, CSS McAllister street.- thence to St.
Marys Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McCONVILLB— At eea, on board U. B. Trans-
port Warren, November 5, 1899, Richard Mc-
Conville. beloved father of Frank McCon-
ville of the U. S. S. Baltimore at Manila,
a native of England. A member of Court
Occidental No. 667G, A. O. p., and the Pa-
cific Coast Marine Firemen's Union. '
EyFriends and acquaintances and members
of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
to-morrow (Sunday,) at 1 o'clock, from
Ancient Order of Foresters' building, 102
O'Farrell street, corner of Stockton, under
the auspices of Court Occidental No. 6676,
A. O. F. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
Remains at the funeral parlors of H. C.
Bunker & Co., i! 666 Mission street, Mission Ma-
sonic Temple.
MAGEE— Vallejo, November 10, 1599, Pat-
rick, beloved son of James and Rose A.
Magee. and brother of John, James, Michael,
Catharine and Eilie Magee, Mrs. John Brad-
ley of Vallejo and Mrs. Man,- A. Hacon of
• Brooklyn, N. V., a native of Ireland, aged
33 years and 6 months.
[C?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 11:45 o'clock, from the family
residence In Vallejo. thence to St. Vincent's
Church. Interment St. Vincent's Cemetery.
MULVEY— this city, November 10, 1899.
I Booths C. beloved husband of Harriett H.
Mulvey, a native of Maine.
O'CONNOR— In this city. November 9. 1599,
j Julia A., dearly beloved daughter of Daniel
: and Julia O'Connor, and sister of Timothy
J.. John F.. William F. , Mary E. and Annie
L. O'Connor, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 years 6 months and 8 days.
CTFTiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 1121 Mission street, thence to
St. Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CGORMAN— this city, November 10, 1899,
Marie O' Gorman, a native of St. Paul, Minn.,
aged 20 years 11 months and 10 days.
lET Friends and acquaintances axe respect-
fully invite.! to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at S o'clock.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
RICHARDSON— In this city, November 10. 1899,
Mary, beloved wife of Robert Richardson, a
native of Creetown, Kirkcudbrightshire, Scot-
land.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 817 Diamond street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
SCHAERTZER— In this city, November 10. ISO 9,
Elmira, beloved daughter of Joseph and Car-
rie Schaertzer, and granddaughter of John
. A. and Barbara Schaertzer and George and
Margueritte Thatcher, a Dative of San Fran-
cisco, aeed 7 months.
EJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents. 1443 Jessie street, between
Thirteenth and Fourteenth. Interment Cy-
press Lawn C«?motery.
SCOTT— In this city, November 9, 1599, Annie
Bpottlswoode. wife of Walter I>. Scott, and
mother of Cora and Mac Scott, aged 49 years.
[^Friends and laintancea are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2275 Geary street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, November 9. 1899, Katie.
dearly beloved daughter of Tully and Katie
Smith, and sister of Mary, Nellie, Sadie,
Frank, James and Thomas Smith, a native
of Bopton, Mass., aged 23 years 7 months and
25 days.
" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:3 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 106 Morris avenue, between Fifth
and Sixth, Bryant and Brannrtn streets,
thence to St. Rose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her s.>ul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SPRUNG— In this city. November 10, 1899, Ann
Sprung;, beloved mother of David and Hiram
Sprung, a native of Albany, N. T., aged 77
years. _^ — —
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
' Samuel B. Ross to Mary A. Ross, lot on NE
corner of Fulton and Franklin streets, N 50
by i: SO: gift.
Anna Lord to William A. Field, lot on W
line of BaJier street, 61:1% N of Sacramento,
X 25 :6 by W 102 :R, quitclaim deed; $10.
Emma L. Bowne to Anna E. Stebbins, lot
on E line of Valencia street, 174 S of Twen
tieth. S 24 by E DO; also property outside of
count y $10.
Samuel K. and Florence T. Long to W. S.
Taft lot on N line of Twenty-second street,
105 E of Castro, i: 75 by N 114; $10.
James J. Fltzpatrick to James Ward, lot on
N line of Twenty-third street, 75 E of Ala
bama, E 50 by -, 1"4: $10.
Charles A. and Hanora A. Fischer, William
B. Crocker (by H. M Covert, commissioner) to
<; T. Knopf, lot on N line of Twenty-first
street, 50 !•: Of York. E 26 by N 93; $2302.
Hannah v. and Michael Wlnslow to Edward
J. Winslow, lot on W line of Chattanooga
street, 65 N of Homer (Twenty-third), S 85 by
W 117:6; $10.
George Meinen to Meta Meinen, lot on S
j line of Twenty-third street, 225 W of Douglas.",
W 25 by S 114. lot 139, Heyman Tract; gift.
Louis Costa to Pietro Forzanl, all Interest In
lot on NW corner of Green and Dupont streets,
W 29:4H by N 57:6; $100.
Pietrn Forzani to Ludovlco Costa, all interest
in same; $100.
George F. Lyon to Solomon Schtff, lot on E
line of San Bruno avenue '(Nebraska), 100 N
of Twentieth (Napa), N 25 by E 100; $10.
Solomon and Selma Schilt to Potrero Nuevo
Land Company, same; $325.
Leon Bine, as trustee of the estate of Joseph
Well (bankrupt), to L. Well, lot on SW corner
of Tenth and Point Lobos avenues, W 32:6 by
5 100; $10.
L. A. or L.. Bertha. David and Bella Weil
to Benjamin Rradshaw, same; $1000.
Jacob and Llna Heyman to Barbara Meadow
craft, lot on E line of Seventeenth avenue,
175 S of II street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to May C. Masterson,
lot on W line of Ninth avenue, 200 S of X
street, E 25- by W 120; $10.
Annie Mitchell to Delia Flatley, lot on W
line of Vienna street, 60 N of Brazil, N 25 by
W 100, block 54, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Emma F. Sturrock to James Geekie lot 2fi,
block 2097, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland;
11 I
i Carlo and Teresa Parodf to Domenico Parodl.
I undivided one-half interest In lot on RE cor
ner of Pacific avenue and Webster street S
61:6 by E 131, being lots 1, 2, 9 and 10, sub
division of the Orchard Tract, Oakland; $10.
Glover Nuner to Martha M. Porter, lot on
N line of Pacific avenue, 150 W of Willow
street, W 100 by N 150, being" lots 6 and 6,
block 11. Map of Lands Adjacent to Knclnal
Alameda; $10.
Catherine and Donald Ross to same, same,
Alameda; $500.
Reta A. Rogers (wife of Antone) and Marie
B. Rogers to Manuel Enos Sr., lot on NW cor
ner of Davis and Dabner streets, N 151 W
52:6. S 140, E 53:0, to beginning, being lot 1
and E" portion of lot 3, block A, Map of Dab
ner's Addition to Town of San Leandro, Eden
Township; $10.
Mies Harry A. L. Floyd to City of Oakland,
lot on SW line of East Twenty-eighth street,
800 SE of Ninth avenue. SW 322 by SE 59.10
quitclaim deed. East Oakland; $10.
Rose Dellna Perlar to W. I. Brobeck lot on
6 line of McKee (or Sixty-first) street, 137:6 W
of Occidental. W 37:6 by S 135. being the E
one-half of lot 5 and W 12:6 of lot 8, block
P. Paradise Park, Oakland; $10.
John L. and Helen L. Howard to Mosswood
Association (a corporation), lot on E side of
Telegraph avenue, beginning with Moss avenue
! lit 82 to 86, beginning with Sherman avenue!
lot 8, on S side of Moss avenue, beginning 110
E of Telegraph avenue, lots 87, 87H, 85 BSV.
S9 S9Vn 90, BOH, 91. 91%. *2, 924, 93 93U 94"
94H. •■'. 95V4. 96, 96%, 57. 97%.- 9S. 98H. 99 99«*'
100. 100' i, 101, 101%. 102, 102%. on W side of
Gold street, beginning at Moss avenue, lots
103 to 105. 61 to 65 22 and 23, on N side of
Grant avenu*. lots 81. 78%, 78. 77%, 77, 76%, 76.
75%. 75. 74%. 74, 78%, 73, 72%, 72, e<S% and 66.
on S line of Grant avenue, lots 46%. 47 47%
48, 43%. 49, 49%, 50, the W 5 feet of lot 60%.
the E 3 feet of lots 51% and 52, the W 9% feet
of lot .'2 l the E 15% feet of lot 52%, 53, 53%.
64. 54%. K. 65%. 5«. 56%. 57. 67%, 58. 68%. 59.
69%, 60. 60%, on N side of Sherman street, lots
24, 24%. 25. 25%, 26, 26%^, 27, 27%. 28. 28%, 29,
2'J%. 30. 30%, 31. 31%, 82, 32U. 24. 34%, 35%, 86%
W one-half of lots 37 and 37%, on S side of
Sherman avenue, lots 8, 8%, 9. 5%, 10. 10%, 12
12%. 13. IS%, 14. 14%. 18 and 1«%. all being In
the Mosswood Tract, Oakland; $10.
Ann Robinson to James R. Little, lot on N
line of Carl street, 412:6 W 'of Fulton, W 37:6
by N IK, being the W one-half of lot 19, block
1426 Blake Tract Maps 1 and 2, Berkeloy Prop
erty. Berkeley; $1360.
I). Satoff to Lillie. B. Hutchlns. lot on E line
of Euclid avenue, 60 P of Virginia street. S
40 by E 123, being the S 40 feet of lot 4, block
12 Daley's Scenio Park; also the XV 10 feet of
lot 6 block 12, same -tract, subject to mort
gage for $1700. Berkeley: $10.
William and Frances Francy to Philip Canny,
lot on E line of Fruitvale avenue,. C 49.65 N of
East Fourteenth street, N 75 by E 300. being a
portion of lot. 12, Bray Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
C R. Nolnnd to H. P. Hansen, lot on N
line of Saunders street. 62 W of Carpenter. W
38 by X 125. being lot 1, block 80, Town of San
Leandro, Eden Township; $1000.
Harriet A. and Delos Pratt to Peter Wallin.
lot 9. in subdivision F. Fruitvale Terminal
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. • • -
■ c ..■■••■-. - ■ •
REALTY VALUES INCREASING.
THE recording of the agreement to
sell a large section of the Baldwin
Hotel site for $1,100,000 was ihe sub
ject of general comment among, real
estate dealers yesterday. The price
is generally consldeTed fair, but there is
some surprise that Baldwin should agree
to divide this magnificent property, espe
cially in view of the fact that it has
been his boast on more than one occasion
that whoever secured the property would
have to take the entire hotel site, not,
however, Including the annex property.
But It is by no means certain that Bald
win will abide by the conditions named in
the contract, which was signed on his
behalf by Thomas Magee Sr. Baldwin is
already complaining that the price is too
small and declares that he will not sell
the property at the figure named.
Whether or not he does stand by the
agreement depends upon the character of
authority Mr. Magee was acting under
when he made the dicker with Mr. Flood.
There are plenty of people who say the
compact is of no value, but those best
familiar with Mr. Magee's business
methods are of a different opinion.
There have been no sales during the
past week Involving large amounts, but
there have been plenty of Indications of
a decided upward tendency in values in
the wholesale district. Landlords are
rapidly taking advantage of the demand
for accommodations in that section of the
city and a large number of old, out-of
date buildings are undergoing the oro
cess of being modernized. Those who
hesitate to go to the expense of putting
their buildings into first-class condition
will be the losers, as the antiquated
structures cannot compete in securing
paying tenants with their more modern |
neighbors. As an inducement, to expend
a little money, in this direction attention
is called to the fact that rents in the
wholesale district have increased about
20 per cent during the past few months,
nearly ail renewals of leases being made
on that basis. Bovee, Toy & Sonntag re
cently leased a building for a client at an
increase of 40 per cent In rental. How
ever, notwithstanding the increase in
rents and the remodeling of old buildings,
the demand for more room is so great
that it cannot be met. It la largely due
to the fact that owners are able to rent
their buildings to such good advantage,
in comparison with a few years ago, that
they are not anxious to sell, consequent
ly, while there is plenty of money seeking
investment in this class of property,
sales are comparatively few.
Another indication of the prosperity of
the wholesale district is seen in the fact
that the Market-Street Railway Company
is about to ask for a franchise for a
street railway to extend from the Junc
tion of Bush and Sansome streets, across
Battery and Market streets to First,
thence to Folsom, thenco to Second,
thence along Second to Bryant and down
Bryant to the Santa Fe depot and the
Pacific Mail dock. This road will, when
completed, be a great boon to that sec
tion of the city, and the North Central
Improvement Club has assured the Mar
ket-street railway officials that it will
back the application for a franchise with
all its influence. ' :•,■ •
The Probate Court has confirmed the
sale of the property on O'Farrell street,
165 feet east of Jones, 57:9x137:6,
by Ina E. Russell, guardian of
Mahala F. Robinson, to Frank 8.
Kelly for $26,500. The sale was negotiated
by A M. ypeck & Co., who have also re
cently sold a lot 60x40. on Clementina
street, noar Fourth, improved by four
fiats for 18000, the seller being R. E. Rod
lfer and wife and the buyer Mary S. Bur
nett; lot on the southeast- corner of
Twenty-third and Alabama streets, 26x \
74 Mrs. M. Schultz to Tim O'Keefe; six
room cotttage, 4202 Twenty-third street,
23x55. O. Johnson to Harriet Ann Stev
ens for ITM, and eighty-one acres of un
improved laud near Cazadero, C. N. Wat
son to E. M. Proscbold, for $2000.
The sale, negotiated by O. F. Yon
Rhein A- Co.. of the lot 80x46:8 and im
provements, belonging to the estate of
the late Dr. James Simpson, on the north
east corner of Post and Stockton streets,
to Arthur Rodgers, for 172,500, has been
confirmed by the Probate Court.
The property was sold at public auction
by Yon Rhein & Co. several months ago
to D. L. Randolph, he being the highest
bidder, for $67,500, subject to acceptance
and confirmation, but that price was not
deemed satisfactory by the executors of
the Simpson estate. Yon Rhein & Co.
thon secured the offer from Mr. Rodgers,
which has been accepted.
The following recent sales have been
made through Shainwald, Buckbee
& Co.: Lot 41:3x58. covered by
six flats, on the southwest corner of
Stciner street and Elliott Park, for $17,000;
vacant lot 75x100 feet on the north line of
Filbert street, just west of Steiner street,
from Mrs. Emily Lyons to D. W. Teitjen
for $2700; Mrs. Emily Lyons to C. E. Rl
ter, the adjoining lot to the above, 75x100
feet, for $900; John D. Dean to William
Miller, lot 60x100 feet, on the south line
of Lake street. Just east of Twentieth
avenue, for $1000; lot on west line of
Church street, south of Hancock street,
2. r >xloo feet, for $1000; lot on west line of
Capp street, south of Sixteenth street, 50
xIOO feet, for $3750; lot on north line of
Ellis street east of Pierce'street, 25x137:6
feet; for $2700.
H. M. Covert (commissioner) has sold to
Charles Josselyn the property on the
southwest line of Steuart street, 120 feet
northwest of Mission street, lot 20x91:8
fret, with improvements, for a considera
tion of $17,243.
The estate of John H. Balrd has sold
to Daniel Einstein the property on the
southeast corner of Page street and Cen
tral avenue, lot 114:4x137:6 feet, for $11,000.
Next Tuesday at noon Easton, Eldridge
& Co. will sell at auction at their sales
room, 638 Market street, thirteen pieces of
choice property. The list includes a resi
dence and lot, 55x120 feet, on the north
west corner of Castro and Fifteenth
streets; fiats and lot, 48:5\x75 feet, on the
east side of Isis street, between Twelfth
and Thirteenth, Folsom and Harrison
streets; flats and lot, 25x115 feet, on the
north side of Fifteenth street, near Noo
street; manufacturing site, 170x100 feet,
and improvements, on the southeast cor
ner of Fourteenth and Mission streets;
residence and lot, 30x137:6 feet, on the
north side of Pine street, 220 feet west of
Oough street; building lot, 25x100 feet, on
the west side of FUlmore street, near
Bush street; flats and lot, 80x122:6 feet,
on the west side of Shotwell street, near
Twenty-first street; two lots, 25x107:6 feet,
and one lot, 26x137:6 feet, on the west sido
of Stanyan street, north of Sullivan, and
north side of Sullivan street, west of
Stanyan street, suitable for residence or
flats; cottage and lot, 40x125:6 feet, on
west side of Bartlett street, 120 feet north
of Twenty-third street; residence and lot,
40x122:6 feet, on the west side of Howard
street, near Twenty-third street; resi
i dence and lot, 25x144 feet, on the south
side of Army street, 95 feet east of Church
street.
O. F. yon Rhein & Co. will hold an auc
tion sale of local realty at their sales
room, 513 California, street, on Thursday,
November 16, at noon. The catalogue in
cludes a residence and lot, 25x100 feet, on
Van Ness avenue, south of Pacific street;
flats and lot, 83x56 feet, on Cohen place,
off Leavenworth, near Ellis: residence
and lot, 25x75 feet, at 1307 Hayes street;
two houses and lot, 40x68 feet, on south
east corner of Leaven worth street and
Broadway; lot, 33xSl feet. irregular shape,
on southeast corner of Pine and Gough
streets; three dwellings and lot, 87:6x60
feet, on Octavia street, near Market and
Haight streets; dwelling and lot, 22:6 x
87:6 feet, on California street, near Pierce:
eleven lots on the northeast ; corner of
Fountain and Twenty-fifth streets; seven
lots on the west Bide of Noe street, near
Nineteenth street; building lot, 25x137:6
feet, on the south line of Frederick
street, 150 feet west of Cole street; dwell
ing and lot, 24:6x123 feet, on east line of
Guerrero street, near Twenty-fifth street;
improvements and 50-vara lot, corner of
Kearny and Lombard streets, fronting 275
feot on Kearny, 137:6 on Lombard and
137:6 feet on Chestnut street.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. will hold an
executors' sale of real estate at auction
at their salesroom. Nos. 21S-220 Montgom
ery street, on Tuesday, November 14, at
noon. Two pieces of property, one on the
easterly line of Mission street. 195 feet
north of Twenty-fifth street, 25x115 feet
and the other on the northwesterly line of
Harrison street, 88:5 feet northeasterly
from Sixth street, 24:8x50 feet, with im
provements, will be offered at this sale
for account of the estate of the late Eli
jah Price. i--:' ;-
Savings oanks, building associations
and private capitalists loaned $234,170 on
real estate security during the week end
ing November 4, which Is $167,230 less than
they loaned the week previous. $401 400
The loans of the savings banks aggre
fated, $184,325. and were as follows- Hi
bernia, $134,225; German, $14,850; San Fran
cisco Savings Union, $2200; Savings and
Loan. $7000; Humboldt, $84.10; Security
$10,800; Mutual, $2900, and French. $3950
The loans of the building associations
amounted to $15,900, and the loans of pri
vate capitalists and others to $33,946 All
the loans by the/Hibernia and Mutual
were at 6 per cent, the former including
one of $34,000. one of $21,150, one of $14,500
and one of $13,500. Releases for the week
were $294,050, against $529,415 for the pre
vious week.
Mortgage loans in San Francisco and
their relation to the prosperity of the city
are touched upon in Thomas Magee &
Sons' Real Estate Circular for November
in the following language:
"Nothing belter indicates the stability
or instability of real estate values In any
city than the amount of mortgages due
thereon. The assessed value of the real
estate and improvements in San Fran
cisco for 189y was $285,200,090. Although
real estate in many places is assessed for
more than it Is worth, as a whole as
sessed values are not by any means equal
to market values. The total mortgages
now due on all •our city real estate and
buildings thereon are *49,814,u57. The total
number of these mortgages is be
tween 17,000 and 17,500. The total
number of lots— that is the subdivisions
of land— ln San Francisco for the wbjle
city and county is now 96,170. So that,
numerically considered, only about one
lot In five has a mortgage on it In this
city. Of the total of 17,500 mortgages now
due in San Francisco, almost precisely
10,000 are held by our savings banks.
There Is probably hot a city in the United
States that can make a showing of such
complete solvency as San Francisco does
in the above facts. It is both a marvel
and mystery why more money is not
being borrowed. It Is now offered at 6
I>er cent a year gross, or say, deducting
the average rate of the mortgage tax,
at 4 1-3 per cent net; yet instead of that
number of mortgages increasing, taking
one month with another, they are on the
decrease. The banks have been forced
for the past two years to turn to first
class stocks and bonds to get rid of their
money. And yet between them all they
have many millions unemployed."
But five building contracts wore filed
for record during the week just ended,
their aggregate value being $16,065. 'Lie
largest was that entered into between
Morris and Meyer Lando, owners, and C.
1.. Williams, contractor, for the erection
of a three-rtory frame building on the
northeast corner of Ellis and Octavia
streets, for $t r 9ofi. The same owners con
tracted with James F. Ford for the
plumbing, crastittii-g and sewering of this
building, to cost $1185. Mrs. E. B. Crock
er let a contract to John G. Cook for ex
cavation, grading and foundation for the
former's new residence on the northwest
corner of Franklin and Clay itreets. The
cost of this work is $1580. I. J. Muma and
Lawrence Kaar^burg, representing the
lated students of the University of
California, and G. C. Leiter and F. I*
Berry, representing the associated stu
dents of Stanford University, contracted
with Andrew Wilkie for the building of
grand stands, incline, boxes, admission,
and ticket gates, fences, aisles anil parti
tions on the Mechanics' Institute grounds,
bounded oy Fifteenth, Hairison, Six
teenth and Folsom streets, at a cost of'
$3000, these grounds to be used for the
coming football games between the uni
versities.
Sixty-eight contracts were entered into
during- the month of October, the same as
for the sfime month last year, but the
value is much greater, the figures being
$395,227 for October, IS9O. as against $225,299
for October, IS9S. In fact, there has been
a steady increase in the amount of build
ing for the past year, the total amount
for tho first ten months of 1599, as repre
sented by the contracts filed, being fully
J1.084.553 in excess of the same period a
year ago.
Bovee, Toy & Sonntag, representing the
estate of the late Harry Emeric, have
leased the first two floors of the building
416 and 4 IS Front street to the Leonard
& Ellis Valvollno Oil Company for a term
of five years. The lessor is one of the
largest firms of the kind in the country
and proposes to make San Francisco the
headquarters and distributing depot tur i
its Pacific Coast trade.
Jerome English, formerly of the real
estate firm of English & Morrlsey, has
withdrawn from the firm and Is now es
tablished at f>"d Market street.
Efigar Bilggs, recently of the real es
tate firm nf Briggs & Winant, has with
drawn from that firm and is now with
Bovee, Toy & Sonntair.
A. M. Speck & Co. nre about to build '
four fiats en Green street, near Van Ness
avenue.
Henry P. Sonntag of the firm of Bo
vee, Toy <£r SnnntaET is having plans |
drawn for a fine residence which he pro
poses to erect on Pacific Heights, to be
occupied by himself and family in the i
near future.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
R w Hoffman, NT !G V Williams, Seattle
A R de Sanno, Phlla , E II Brouse, Merced
W H Honnum, Woodld .7 T Weldon, Fresno
J L Wortham, Texas C Biggs, Chicago
C E Niles, Texas R E Russell, Portland
J Johnson, NY ;. .'.jJ R Russell, Kinsman
J P Treanor. Fruitvale'C J Booth. Danville
T Boyd, San Rafael jF D Wetherby. Boston
0 Pelrano, s Jose C M McNeal .v w, 111
J Rogers, Cal j Rev TV J Lee, N York
J Leahy. Cal . i Mrs J Lee. New York
J Brennan, Cal I A Jetty, Cal
Mr? M "Warring, 8 Jos W X Cole, Martinez
M Davidson, S Jose i C Hayworth, Martinez
S Sinai, San Jose [ Miss Titus, Oakland
II Rummelsburg;, Sac i T B Bond, Lakeport
C D Hanford, 8 Jose .1 Craig & fy, Cal
E '". Eldrldge. Cal InrEO Case, Uklah
F Franks, Cal jDr R E Reese, Elko
J "W Black, Cal I P B Yates, Los Ang
B F Shepherd .Tr, Cal j F R Plasco, Ariz
J B Hißslns, Cal P ii Prince. Los An*
B J Thomas, Q Valley i J 3 Hichborn & w, Cal
W B Officer, Gr Valley .1 M Whits, Stockton
W C Orr & fy, Mont Mrs F T Baldwin, Cal
H C Holmes, Boston H Fairbank & w, Sac
I 1 Olker & xv. Paris R Jauss, Los Angeles
0 Heilbron & W, Sacto J F Pearl, San Jose
E R 1 (owns & w, N V L Carten, S Barbara
P H Woodward & w, Mrs J C Dubols, Cal
New York I
PALACE HOTEL.
Pr Bertholdt, Germany ft 1 Mason. Mich
Mrs Bprtholdt, Ger- X H Brodt-rson, N T
many I W Knapp, Cul
Dr O D Norton, U S N : FVank L Gray. Sacto
J a Oliver. r s x P- P Mooers, Lc«s Ang
Henr>" Doyle, B C T J Field, Monterey
A F Nathan. Mo Mrs Field, Monterey
Mrs Nathan, Mo D C Gllman, Baltimore
E II C"X. Madera Mrs Oilman, Baltimore
Jno Fennell, Tehama F M Seller, Portland
N A Miles, USA L W Stein, Brooklyn \
Mrs Miles, "Washing-tn I Mrs Stein, Brooklyn
Miss Miles, Washlngtn A A Moore Jr. Oa'klnd
Miss Hoyt, Washlngtn L L Munns, Cleveland
Col Muhler. USA AH Bailoy, Clevealnd
P. B Hall, Wash 0 W McNcar, Oakland
Mr Russell, Portland Mrs McNcar, Oakland
Mrs J Hatch, Sn Joee D S Ro3enbaum, Cal
Miss G Hatch. Sn Jose F M Mavers. Los Any
1> M Dow*. Sacto M M Rosenbium, X V
H Blum. Mexico C D Johnson. Cbl
Mrs E Dwyer, Sasto J H Dougherty, N. V
E Dwyer. Sacto Mrs Dougherty, Is* V
R L Vail. Los Ang Alex Just, \ X
II C Avis, St Louis IH T Oxnard, Cxnard
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D McDonald, San Jose D Marzarinl, Idaho
W M Gregory. Fresno IS Momtfettl, Le Ang
\V Ballson, Cal B Mlgnlola, Uklah
E O'Brien, Folsom C J Thompson. S Diego
J Murtha, Victoria C Raymond, Salt Lake
G W Thurnburg. Sacto It Caithness, w, Wash
J .1 Maloney, Napa C L Foote & w, Seattle
W F Eaton, Stockton Miss Johnson, Minn
B Stein, Modesto S Rowe, Missouri
R L Sharp, Chicago P J Cunningham, 111
W J Becker, Manila
Mining Property Sold.
SAN ANDREAS, Nov. 10.— Charles P.
Baiimgrartner of San Francisco has
bough; an eighth interest in the Stella
and Wally placer mining claims in
Campo Seco
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
rk &O Ry 6b. 115 — Oak SL& H. - BO
Powell-st R 6s— 122 Presidio 20 30
' Bac El G&RSB. — — I Powder —
S F & N P 55.114»i115H California 170 ISO
i S F & 5JV55.115% — IE Dynamite... Si 95
iBRv of Sal Gs.lOS>4 — Giant Con Co.. S9H 89%
: 8 P'of A 63....112141H Vljorlt i' f%
UPC 6p(1»05). — — Siißar—
BP C 6s(1906).lll — liana P C 0.... 10% it
BP C (1912). 118% — Haw C&S Co — 86
6PCIs eg 6s. — — Honokaa "S Co. 34U 35
S PBr 69 123 — Hutch S P Co. 25?4 — "
S V Wat 65. ...114^4 — Kilauea S Co.. 26 30
5 V Wat 45.... 103 — . Makavieli SCo 49 —
6 v W4s(3dm).lolsi — Onomea S Co.. 36% ssvt
■ Btktn Gas 69.. — — Paauhau S Co. 34 35
Wat*r Stocks — Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 77 77% AI Pack Assn..llS%ll9
Matin County.' M — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
. Spring Valley. 97% 98 Oceanic 8 Co.. 92 92Vi
1 Gas and Electric— >ac A F A.... X% —
' Cent Gas C 0... — — Pac C Bor Co. —
Cent L & P.... 6 — Par Paint Co.. 8^ —
Morning Session.
Board—
806 Contra Costa Water 77 00
76 Contra Costa Water....... 77 12^
10 Hutchison S P Co 28 87«
70 Market Street Railway 62 26
15 Makaweli •• •■ 49 00
50 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
25 B F Gas & Electric Co 67 25
$0000 S F & N P Ry bonds 115 00
CO S V Water . ...'. 97 50
30 S V Water 97 75
60 S V Water, a 30 ..:... 97 7;
35 S V Water. 97 87&
10 S V Water 93 00
60 Vlporlt -.... 3 12&
Street—
150 Makawell « 00
Afternoon ■ Session.
Board — > ;
145 Contra Costa Water '. 77 00
225 Contra Costa Water 77 12%
50 Equitable Gas 6 25
80 Hana Plantation Co 10 82%
50 Hutchlnson S P C 0..... 2S 75
65 Hutchinson 9 P Co 2S 50
70 Market Street Railway 62 00
$3000 Market Street Ry Con 5s 117 00
100 Mutual Electric Light 13 75 !
$13,000 Omnibus Cable 6s 127 50
$1000 Oceanic S S Bonds -..107-00
10 3 F Gas & Electric Co 67 25 I
10 S F Gas & Electric, cash 57 25
167 9 V Water 97 75 |
400 Vigorit Powder 3 12% |
Street— 3
60 Oceanic S S Co 92 00 i
$10,000 SF& S J V Bonds 115 50 I 1
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE : 1
.BOARD. ,
Morning Session.
Board— ':■■?' *V':
25 Contra Coeta Water •76 75 ,
50 Contra Costa Water '» 50
50 Equitable Gas 6 37%
50 Equitable Gas 623 ;
40 Giant Powder SS 50
35 Onomea Sugar Co 37 '"'
20 Oceanic S S Co 91 "
100 Vigorit Powder 3 12 &
Afternoon Session. . •
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 77 00
■ 40 Contra Costa Water 77 12% ;
15 Contra Costa Water 77 '-'■>
Hi" Equitable Gas 6 25
10 Honokaa Sugar Co 35 00 i
10 Hutchinson Sugar Co 28 75
20 Market Street Railway 62 12%
20 8 F Gas & Electric Co 57 00
20 S V Water 97 75
10 8 v Water 97 50
150 Vigorit Powder 3 12%
THE CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning: Session.
Board—
100 Tidal Wave 2 45
300 Tidal Wave 2 50
45 Caribou 1 16
150 Barker Ranch 110
800 Century Oil Company 85
100 Grand Central Oil Company 2 53
200 Grand Central Oil Company 2 60
200 Oakland Oil & Gas Company 35
Street—
100 San Joaquln O. & D. Company 95
100 Big Panocbe 1 70
200 Monterey Oil Company 25
150 Oakland Oil & Gas Company 35
Afternoon Session-
Board—
200 Tidal Wave 2 43
200 Tidal Wave ; 2 50
25 Caribou .. 1 IS
200 Century Oil Company 85
20 Century Oil Company SO
300 Oakland Oil & Gas. Company 40
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board— '
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
100 Petroleum Center 25
400 San Luis 6 50
Street—
70 Blue Goose , S3 00
200 Petroleum Center 30
Afternoon Session.
Board—
200 Petroleum Center 30
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran- ;
Cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Best & Belcher 42 200 Ophlr 52
100 Crown Point... 13 300 Ophir 51
150 Gould & Curry 21 500 Sierra Nevada. 40 ;
200 Mexican 85
Afternoon Session.
400 Bullion 06! 500 Overman 18 i
200 Crown Point... 12 j 200 Seg Belcher.... 06
100 Justice 04 500 Utah 08
200 Ophir .501
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 13 50 Ophir 61
900 Belcher 32 100 Ophir 53
50 Best & Belcher 41 i 200 Sierra Nevada. 38
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belcher 40 300 Mexican 34 ''
300 Con Cal & V.I 37%! 200 M.-xi.-an 33 i
200 Con Cal & Va..l 40 200 Ophir 60 ;
100 Hale & Norc... 40 j
— —^— — .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, Nov. 10—4 p. m. |
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask. j
Alpha 03 04|Kentuck — 03 \
Alta — 03 Lady Wash.... — 02 i
Andes 12 14 [Mexican 32 34 ;
Belcher 30 32 j Occidental 13 15 1
Best & Belcher 38 39} Ophir 50 51 i
Bullion ..; 06 07 Overman 15 16
Caledonia 56 Potosl 28 20
Chollar 21 22 1 Savage 15 16;
Challenge Con.. 20 23 (Scorpion 02 — ,
Confidence 67 70 Seg Belcher 06 07
Con Cal & Va..l 33 1 40! Sierra Nevada. 37 38 '
Con Imperial .. — 02 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point ... 12 13 St Louis — 0C j
Exchequer — 021 Standard 285 — |
Gould & Curry 23 23 'Syndicate — OS ;
Hale & Norc... 3D 4" Union Con 27 23 ;
Julia — 02 Utah OS 09
Justice 03 01 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
Time Ball.
Branch Hydroprraphic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' E.\< hnnj?e, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 10, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
i. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
lieutenant <~\">mmanr!er. U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Purvey—
Times and Heights of H:uh and L .-.-
AVaters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of ths Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-str-et wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11.
Pun ri=es 6:4?
Sun yets 5:00
Moon sets 0:14 a, m.
the early morning tides are given In the leffl
hand column and the successive tides of the!
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The'
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tido
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Sii if ping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
; . vJ. . Friday, November 10.
Stmr Samoa. Jahnsen. 30 hours from Eureka,
Stmr Gipsy, Lelaml. 25 hours from Monterey.
Stirfr Jennie, Mason, 13 dixy's from Hunters
Bay.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, 4 hours from Ames
port.
Stmr Orizaba, Nicolnon, 74 hours from New-
Port -'. etc.
Stmr South Portland, Hall, 3 days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Laura Schnauer, Sorenson, IS days from
drays HarlW. -•;■:■:
bo^ chr Guide, Olsen, 24 days from Grays Har-
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
• • - - CLEARED.
_. _ Friday, November 10.
P i!? r AT- 08 ' Df>bne >". San Diego; Goodall,
iir Lark Inversnaid. Ross, Queenstown; Bal
four, Gutlirie & Co.
SAILED. .'„'.-'
_. _, " • ; Friday, November 10.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego.
fctmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka '
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcati Carlson . .
Stmr Santa Cruz. HinWe, Amesport.
Mr stmr Wellington, Salmor.d. Kaaaimo.
°* ship Fort Patrick, McLellan. Queenstown.
Ft bark MacMahon, Chotard Queenstown.
Brig Lurline, McLeod, Kahulul.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov 10, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind south, velocity 12 miles.
SPOKEN.
Oct 3, lot 9 N, lon 27 W-Ger bark Plus, from
Port Blakeley, for Dublin.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Nov 9-Schr H
D Bendixsen, from Honolulu; • -
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov 10— Schr
Robert Lewers, from Port Gamble, for Hono
lulu.
Sailed Nov Strnr Czarina, for San Fran
cisco.
Passed In Nov 9— Br ship Waterloo, from
Tacorna.
OLYMPIA— SaiIed Nov Schr Joseph Russ,
for San Pedro.
CASPAR— Arrived Nov Stmr Cleone, hence
Nov 3. ■
VENTURA— Nov 10— Stmr Geo Loo
mis, for Sa.n Francisco.
FORT LUDLOW-Sailed Nov Schr Ethel
Zane, tor Honolulu.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 9— Stmr Prorreso, for
San Francisco; strnr Aloha, for San Francisco;
stmr Elihu Thomson, for ; Jap stmr Rio
Jun Maru, for Yokohama; stmr Bertha, for
Unga.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 10— Ship Two
Brothers, hence Nov 4, for Comox.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr Portland,
hence Nov 7. Nov Bktn Omega, hence No
vember 5. ■ \ - •-., -.;:
SAN PEDRO— Asttved Nov 9— Stmr Alcazar,
from Greenwood.
Sailed Nov Stmrs Lakme and Ruth, for
San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Nov 9— Stmr We«ott, hnc
Nov 8. Nov 10— Stmr Laguna, hence Nov 8.
Sailed Nov 10— Schr Esther Buhne, for Hono
lulu.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Nov 10— Schr Uranus,
for 1 San Francisco.
ALBION— Nov 10— Stmr Tillamook.
hence Xov a.
t FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 10— Stmr Noyo,
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 9— Bark S D Carle
j ton, for Honolulu.
FOREIGN PORTS.
i COLON— Arrived Nov B— Stmr Advance, from
New York.
Bailed Stmr Allianca. for New York.
ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct 28— Haw stmr Barra
j couta; stmr San Jose, for Panama. Nov 7—
i Stmr Peru, for Panama.
TIENTSIN— Arrived Nov 10— Schr E X Wood,
from Cbt-mainus.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Nov S— Schr Gen Ban-
I nine;, hence Oct 24.
MANILA— Sailed J*«v 9— Stmr Chaa Nelson,
for Pan Francisco.
i BRlSTOL— Arrived Xov 10— Br ship Laomene,
i from Portland, Or.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Nov 10— Ship Roa
i noke, bence July 27.
; OCEAN STEAMERS.
I NEW YORK— Nov 10— Stmr Barbarosa,
■ for Bremen, via Southampton.
HAVRE— Arrived Nov 10— Stmr La Touralne,
| from New York.
! OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
| js|^ Steamers leave Broadway
' •' g^^iww^ • wharf, San Francißco:
i :<;,•" I^. For Alaskan ports, 10 a.
! IB^M3WBfe m Nov - 2 - 7 - 12 - 17 - 3 - <n '
! f^G&2iV®& Dec - 2 > change at Seattle.
: * Ei^aßß ml For Victoria, Vancouver
JBag^tr^^.J (B. C), Port Townsend, Se-
'-^^^HS attle, Tacoma. Everett, An-
acortes and New Whateom
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. Nov. 3, 7.
12, 17. 22, 27: Dec. 2, and
every fifth flay thereafter; change at Seattle
! to this company's steamers for Alaska and
• G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Van-
j couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Hurr.boldt Bay 2p. m.. Nov.
6. 10. 15. 20, 25, SO; Dec. 5, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
' Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
i Gavlota Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport, 9 a. m.. Nov. 4, 8. 12. 16, 20. 24, 28;
, Dee •> and every fourth day thereafter.
! For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obl?po). Santa Barbara. Port
I Los Angeles and Redondo (L->s An?eles), 11 a.
i m , Nov. 2, 6. 10. 14. 18. 22. 25, 30; Dec. 4. and
; every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensennda. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
■ Cabo. Mastatlan. Al'.ita, La Pa^. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. ■_,
For further Information obtain companrs
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
; fl T- ) yi->nrs of Fnlllntr.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKTNS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.-
:thes.b.&«. CO.
. DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
!F O !R. T Z_i Ji. I<T D
From Fpear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CHOC 912 First Class Including BertH
IA DC $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Nov. 9. 19. 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4. 14. 24
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Eutte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all pi-fnts East
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market St.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. v
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LOHDON, PARI3. ■
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Paul Nov. SI St. Louis Dec. 13
St. Louts Nov. 22 St. Paul Dec. 27
St. Paul Dec. 6iNew York Jan. 3
RED STAR LfNE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Frlesland Nov. SI Kensington ....Nov. 23
Southwark Nov. tl Noordland Dec. 8
Westernland ...Nov. 22 1 Frlesland Dec 13
EMPIRE LINE,
Seattle. St. Michael, Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to ■ •■
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery st.. or any of Its agencies.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
r.er of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
i for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on, day
of sailing.
NIPPON-MARTJ Saturday, Nov. 23
AMERICA-MART! Thursday, Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MARU Tuesday. Jan. 18
Round-trip tickets nt reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market Street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Asrent.
COMPAGNII3 GENERATE TRAHBATLANTIQTJE
direct LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. j^-^^
Palling every Thursday Instead of <^ftTr>
Saturday, from November 2. 1599, at o*^--t**
10 ft. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot oS
Morton st. LA GASCOGNE. Oct. 21; hA.
BRETAGNE. Oct. 28; LA TOT'RAINE. Nov.
t: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9; LA NORMAV-
DIE. Nov. 1«: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. IS: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 80; LA BRETAGNB. Dec 7.
First-class to Havre, $60 and upward; 5 per
1 wnt reduction on round trip. Sscond-class to
! Havre. $45; 5 per cent reduction on. round trip.
i GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNTTED STATES
AND CANADA, *2 Broadway 'Hudson build-
Ing). New York. J. F. FUGAZI ft CO.. Pa-
eiflo Coast Agent*. 6 Montgomery ay*.. Saa
I Franclaco.
flHOmBBTil The S - s - Australia
'JSaiHfa. Fn!!s for Honolulu'
6 " 8 "* Wednesday Nov. 15,
3 . — >^ at 2p. m.
Jaj/l*^ S. S. Alameda sails
SfcinrchinJ via Honolulu and
Q/sW.HUiliy Auckland for Sydney
/r-fTlF:?i'?/- L - Wednesday, Nov. 29,
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $(510 first class.
I. D. Sr"K£CK£LS & 3ROS. CO.. Agts.. M 4 Montgomeri
pier 7. Fnnt Pacific St fr&**tnil*rv> •»■>-- vi.>t-ot <;».
BAY A2JD BIVE.R. STiiAMEKS.
iu7sTnavy-7a?e Take i^vallejoT
Steamer "Mo'nticello. "
MON.. Tut-s.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. i. Telephone Main 1508.
fare ....,..,. .:.«.«; 69a.
1314
MILES INSPECTS
FORTIFICATIONS
AROUND THE BAY
Work Is Progressing
Slowly.
RECEPTION IN THE EVENING
LOYAL LEGION HONORS THE
VISITING WARRIOR.
Tennessee Ladies and Members of the
Order Gather to Welcome the
Commander of the
Army.
Major General Nelson A. Miles divided
the first day of his present visit to San
' Francisco equally between business and
social pleasure. Yesterday morning 1 and
afternoon ho gave over to an inspection
of Alcatraz Island and the fortifications
'on the Marin bluffs. Last night he was
tho guest of honor at a reception tendered
[him by the Loyal Legion in the parlors
[of the Occidental Hotel.
"I examined tho fortifications of Al
[catraz, Llmo Point and tho Marin shore
iquita thoroughly," said General Miles
-after hia tour of inspection. "The work
j)ias progressed slowly, but every day has
•added something in the way of gun pro
tection to this port. If the present plans
►«.re carried out in full, this harbor will
{"be one of the best fortified bays in the
i-world. When completed the cost of all
►the fortifications and guns to be supplied
{•Will reach $11,000,000. Of course this will
tin a great measure depend upon Congress
and what It Is willing to appropriate for
[the purpose.
! ■'1 have gone over the ground and will
report my findings. 1 have many sugges
tions to offer, but do not care to disclose
;tntm now. The work should be hastened.
"When all the guns are set and the earth
works buiid«d. San Francisco will have a
•gun protection from the Cliffy to the
kouthernmost limits of the city."
After a dinner with some of bis friends,
General Miles was escorted to th( Oc
tCidentaL where many of the members of
irti.e Loyal Lesion and guests were gath
ered awaiting his arrival. It was y o'clock
•before the guest of honor stepped into
the hotel parlor, and he was greeted with
: a generous hand-clapping, the band sta
■tloned in the hall playing national airs.
'Acting Commander Colonel W. li, Par
nell introduced General Miles with a few
-well chosen words, and then the members
of the order passed in line before him to
,bid him welcome.
• Forming a line by twos, the Loyal
jlseglonists marched from the parlors to
tho dining-room to the music of "March
ling 1 Through Georgia," The delegation of
Tennessee women, who are here to wel
icorao the returning volunteers of their
own State, were stationed along the line
lof march. They made an arch of Ameri
con flags, down which General Miles, es
cort and Lcglonists passed to the supper
•table. When all were seated, Colonel
JParnel] aruse and in a short sneech bid
fill a hearty welcome. The Tennessee
Sadies presented General Miles with a bas
ket of flowers, which he acknowledged in
a. graceful speoch, paying tribute to the
volunteers generally and particularly the
'men of the Tennessee regiment.
The reception was rather Informal in
Character, but none the less enthusiastic
end fitting. Seated on either side of ! m
mander Parnell were General Miles and
General Shaft At the same table were
peated General N. P. Chlpman . General
Dickinson. Adjutant General Seamans,
General Barnes, Major W. O. Gould,
Colonel J. C. Currier, Colonel C. Mason
Kinne and Inspector General Brantner of
Tennessee. Prominent among those who
•were present were Colonel Smc-dberg,
iColonel Mosby and Senator Perkins.
Phelan Obiects to Tracks
layor Phelan yesterday cent to 1
DYNAMITE STICKS
SCARED WHITTELL
JOSEPH RANCH, an Austrian, was arrested yesterday morning for threat
ening to destroy with dynamite the Whittell residence, on California
street. The man has been terrifying the Whlttells for nearly three years,
and on one occasion went so far toward carrying out his threat as to place
three sticks of the powerful explosive In the yard near the rear of the house.
After Ranch was taken to the City Prison yesterday Chief Lees questioned him
at length, and reached the conclusion that he was a dangerous lunatic. He was
examined by the Commissioners of Lunacy later in the day and committed to
the t'klah asylum.
The man first appeared at the Whlttell home about three years ago in the
guise of a tramp. He pleaded that he was starving, and was apparently so earnest
in his statements that the family took compassion on him and gave him employ
ment as a watchman. It was not long before he began to exhibit anarchistic
.tendencies. His actions became intolerable, and at the end of about a year and
a half's service he was discharged. Some months later he appeared at Mr.
Whittell'a office, on Montgomery street, and claimed that there was a balance
due him of 1146. When Mr. Whlttell evinced no disposition to cheerfully hand
over that amount of money the Austrian announced that it was a case of coin,
• or he would send the Whittell mansion into the air In chunks.
He was arrested at that time on a charge of disturbing the peace, but "or
some reason that is not now explained he was not prosecuted, and subsequently
received the 5146 he claimed was due him. After this episode the Whlttells en
joyed a period of immunity from the threats of the anarchistic Austrian, until
three or four months ago, when he again appeared at the Montgomery street of
fice and mentioned a little matter of $70 which he claimed he had overlooked in
the last settlement. He had some difficulty in effecting a compromise, and when
his chances of getting any more money appeared to be • rather slim he placed
three .dynamite cartridges near the kitchen door of the Whlttell house one night
and awaited developments. They did not explode. They were not Intended to,
for neither caps nor fuse were anywhere in evidence. The following day Ranch
was paid $40, with the understanding that he should leave the city at once and
stay away.
Yesterday morning he reappeared in front of the California street residence
and terrified the inmates by shouting to them to be prepared to go skyward. Po
lice Officer Chappelle was sent for and he placed Ranch under arrest. The man
is of powerful build, of surly disposition and extremely desperate in appearance.
The Whittells and the police believe that if he understood the use of explosives
,1M Tyould ftavs carrl^out frig, .threats had, he. aoUpeen arrested.. „..• •— • — —^
DR. DE LUCIS LOCKS HORNS
WITH EDITOR OF "LA CRITIC A"
CAVELIERE DR. A. DE LUCIS, who has offices at 434
Montgomery avenuo, and Gaetano Manclnl. editor of La
Critica, have locked horns and the local Italian colony Is
awaiting the outcome with bated breath.
Two weeks ago Signor Mancini, In his capacity as an in
dependent journalist. Baw lit to publish a first-page broa.ls.de
In La Critica accusing the cavaliere doctor of all the crimes
In the decalogue and a few that are not He headed his ar
ticle "Le Vig-liaccherie del Dr. De Lucis," which in the traduc
tlon now in the possession of the physician means "The Cow
ardice of Dr De. Lucis."
"Alcuni giornl dopo la pubblicazione," began one para
eraph "del detl to," which, it is stated, Is to en
lighten the clientele of La Critica as to the manner in which
.is dope for the publication. For two more
columns the attack continued to the effect that the do
having contravened the laws of Italy, had fled to America;
and that thereupon, havii 'used and not being pro
e the Italian courts borrowed a dummy from a clothing
firm in' Turin brought it Into court to represent the missing
r found "it guilty and sentenced the absent medico in
maclum to serv, rmol -rs and three months
In prison. The article concludes with a den to the doctor to
haul the editor into court if he dare.
Dr de iAicis dared. His M 1 boiled when he read the
article and it is still boiling, In spite of tne fact that h* swore
IT a 'warrant yesterday before I Ige Mogan for the ar
Rn-ird of Supervisors a message vetoing
Order 230 which granted to the San Fran
c sco and San Joar.uin \ lay tracks on
ri.tnnaiv nermlss on to la> tracKS on
Si ,t^r st-eet across Bryant. The tracks
were nece^ary to the railroad company
hi order that it might get Us cars from
the ferry slip across the street to the train
yards.
Pharmacy College Election
The California Coll< ol Pharmacj
(department of pharmacy. I
la) held Its annual meeting at
the Affiliated Colleges on Thursday last.
Geston ft. Bacon. John Calvert, .T- H.
Daw/Jon, F. A. Beckett, E. P. Gates, Val
Schmidt and R. E. White were elected
- for the ensuing term, the rol
lowlng officers w ' Presl-
E •■;: secretary and
dean William M. Bearby, and treasurer,
K. E. White.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1899.
rest of Editor Manclnl, whom he charges with an attempt
at extortion. In applying for the warrant he said that the
attack in La Cntica was a falsehood from beginning to end,
evidently inspired bj>some unknown enemies, who had paid
Mancini to make it. In fact, the doctor said Mancini had told
him as much nnd offered to desist for $luO. whereupon Dr.
Lucis ran him out of his office and hustled him downstairs.
The officer intrusted with the service of the warrant had
been unable to find Mancini last night for tho very good
reason that the editor carries his office under his hat and, as
that bit of headgear is like so many others In the local Italian
colony, it was difllcult to locate. After dinner the editor was
wielding a cue in a pin pool game on Washington street,
when informed that a -warrant was out for him.
"Ah," he said, "and immediately -went into consultation
with several friends, one of whom announced later that the
brain of La Critica had decided to hunt bondsmen Immediate
ly and surrender himself to Judge Mogan.
The prominence of the doctor and the editor in the local
Italian colony is such that the members are all agog concern-
Ing the outcome. They know not where it may end. Man
cini smiles and says he will show them: De Lucls smiles also,
g>-ts excited when he talks of the case, cails Mancini "a
i rump editor" and sjlvs he would not give him the prominence
that would go with a suit for libel. All Indications are, how
ever, that Judge Mogan has a job on his hands to prevent
something serious m the Latin quarter.
LOCAL POLICE
ON THE TRAIL
OF A MURDERER
Killed Two Policemen
in Denver.
WAS SEEN ON MARKET STREET
RECOGNIZED BY A MAN WHO
SAW THE CRJMK '
The Much-Wanted Criminal Is Now
With His Regiment at the Pre
sidio—Will Be Arrested
To-Day.
The. police of this city are on the trail
of the soldier who shot and killed two
men in Denver on the night of
Augu.M 12. II" is with one of the regi
ments stationed at the Presidio and his
arrest is hourly expected. In order to
subservo the ends of Justice, The Call
for the present does not desire to men
tion his name. Several days ago a man
named Kuhn, who was in Denver when
the double tragedy was committed and
who saw the desperate soldier fire the
fatal shots, visited' the office of Captain
Bohen and informed him that the mueh
wanted assassin was In this city. H«- said
that while w liking along Market street
he met him and. calling him by name,
started to speak to him. The soldier
pleaded with him not to mention that he
had seen him, and suddenly assuming a
menacing attitude, threatened to blow his
head off if he informed the police of his
presence here.
Captain Bohen at our.' detailed Detec
tives Crockett, Anthony and Tom Gibson
Ito arrest tin- fugitive murder. Accom
| panied by Kuhn they repaired to the Pre
sldlo, but after a prolonged Bearch they
! failed to locate their man.
I.,ist*!iigln word was again received at
headquarters to the effeci that the soldier
was In "Hilly" Abbott's Baloon on Dupont
street, near Bush. The detectives lost on
time in visiting the place, but by the time
they reached there the desperate mur
derer had flown. With the assistance of
the military authorities the police to-day
confidently expect to apprehend the Blayer
of the police officers.
The double '-rim.' for which thp soldier
is wanted was the killing of Officers T< m
<'lifford and \V. E. Griffith. The unfor
tunate officers had been summoned to
quell a disturbance in a saloon in Denver,
I and on repairing to the place they found
several recruits engaged in a row. The
■ policemen, after separating the com
■ batanta drove them out of the saloon.
The soldiers walked up the street for
some distance and started to renew their
quarrel. Officer Clifford followed them,
and as he was about to interfere one of
the soldiers drew a revolver and fired at
the policeman. The bullet struck him In
the breast and he died a lew minutes
later.
Officer Griffith on hearing the shot start
ed in pursuit of the man who killed nls
fellow-officer. The policeman was on a
bicycle, and as he neared the assassin *he
I latter again drew his revolver and shot
him through the body, killing him almost
instantly. The soldiers who were with
| the murderer were captured a short time
j afterward and taken to police headquar
i ters. They declared that they did not
know their murderous comrade, and
claimed that they had met him accident
ally in the saloon. Despite the efforts of
i the police of Denver, the double murderer
escaped, and it was supposed that he was
on his way to Chicago. The Denver Chief
of Police has been notified that the much
wanted murderer is in this city, and he
has wired Chief Lees to spare no efforts
In arresting- him.
As a tnnir nothing in the world beats Jesse
Moore "AA" whiskey.
Nine Noisy Youths.
Thomas Wall, Frank Tracy, Henry
Foley. Carl Keith, Harry Trebell. John
Craare, Martin Slavlch, Eddie Judge and
Fred Larsen, pupils of the Lincoln Even-
Ing School, ranging in ages from 10 to 17,
were arrested last night by Policeman
Tom Naylor and booked at the City
Prison for disturbing the peace. The
youths have been such a source of an
noyance to public meetings and other
demonstrations held In Metropolitan Hall
that CamcUn KullLona ba-a racaivad majiv
complaints about them. Last night when
they were released from school they cre
ated such a disturbance in front of the
hall that Xaylor was ((impelled to arrest
them.
In the Divorce Court.
Pocrees of divorce have been granted
Thomas C. Nixon from Lizzie Nixon on
the ground of extreme cruelty and An
netta .Salisbury from Albert C. Salisbury
on tho gTound of willful neglect. Judge
Daineerfield has annulled the marriage of
Benedetto Trento to Marie Trento on the
ground that th» defendant had a husband
living at the time of her marriage to the
plaintiff.
Suits of divorce have been filed by Min
nie E. Reichel against Dominikus Reirhel
for Intemperance, Sophronia .v. Gibson
against Frank I!. Gibson f.>r desertion,
James H. Riley against Ellen Riley for
rtlon, and Annie- M. Stone against
William B. Stone for failure to provide.
HENRY HOLMES WILL BE
THE SYMPHONY LEADER
FRITZ SCHEEL'S SUCCESSOR.
THE musical cult of San Francisco is considerably excited over the news
which appeared over a week ago In The Call regarding the opening of
the symphony concerts on December 7 at the Grand Opera-house. Par
ticular Interest Is manifested in Henry Holmes, the new conductor, who
arrived in San Francisco some months ago and who, while in England, was
considered the leading violinist of the British empire. Inasmuch as he Is known
here only through his excellent solo work and chamber music quartet It would
be in place to refer to his European record. He is prominently mentioned In the
Cyclopedia of Music and Musicians and also In Grove's Dictionary of Music and
Musicians. Among other flattering references the following note may be found:
"For some years he has given an interesting series of chamber music concerts
under the title of 'Musical Evenings' and has held the post of professor of the
violin at the Royal College of Music since its foundation. A symphony entitled
'Boscastle' was given at one of the London symphony concerts in the spring
of 1&7."
As conductor he created the orchestra of the Royal College of Music. The
board of examiners for this orchestra consists of such men as Joachim, Tsaye,
Henschel, Saurel, Augustus Manns . and others. For several successive years
these authorities pronounced the orchestra as one of the best in Europe. The
English press speaks in the highest terms of Mr. Holmes' accomplishments and
his standing as an artist. Among the most valuable notices may be found the
following from the London Standard: "Henry Holmes' execution was masterly
In the extreme and proclaimed his title to be considered the best English violin
ist of the day." The Times speaks in the following terms of this eminent
musician: "Rarely has the work had a better rendering, and with such spirit
was the merry finale clashed off that an encore was demanded which the artist
had to return and grant. Mr. Holmes thus early secured the favor of an exi
gent public and It is to be hoped that the first appearance of our talented
countryman will not be the last."
With such credentials at his disposal Mr. Holmes ... should certainly prove <
a. tit rnnductac. in H'irr<»°'\. JFrltz SoH~«U» .- — -*-__ -—. - — '- ._ __ _.. ... a
USES OF THE
DEATHS OF TWO
PEOPLE MASKED
Embalmed Before the
Autopsy.
CORONER HILL IS INDIGNANT
CASES WILL BE BROUGHT TO
JUDICIAL NOTICE.
Evidences of Crime Destroyed by the
Embalming Fluid in the Case
of Mrs. Anderson — Man
slaughter Charged.
Because the undertakers in charge em
balmed the bodies of two persons who
were supposed to have died by violence
a widow may be unabre to collect dam
apes for the loss of her husband, and a
husband may In all likelihood escape
conviction for manslaughter.
The cases are those of William Finnic,
a Beafaring man, who was knocked down
by a Sutter-street car and who died a
few days later, and Mrs. G. Anderson,
who died a short time after having been
knocked down and jumped upon with
both feet by her husband, Alexander An
derson, in the City of Guttenberg saloon,
10 Steuart street, about ten days ago.
The undertakers had injected embalming
fluid into the bodies before the autopsy
surgeon of the Morgue had an opportun
ity of making the autopsy, and he could
not be positive as to the cause of death.
Coroner Hill said yesterday that he in
tended to call the attention of the Dis
trict Attorney to the matter in order that
an example might be made of the guilty
persons and that others might be deterred
from imitating their action.
"Shortly after I took office," said Coro
ner 11111 in an interview yesterday "I
sent a circular letter to all the under
takers yin town warning them against in
jecting with embalming fluid any bodies
betore the undertaker had received the
necessary permit. This is a very per
nicious habit and one that must be
stopped, and if there is no legislation to
prevent It the necessary legislation must
be enacted at once. .Embalming fluid con
tain* poison, and the fluid used in some
of the cases at present tans the tissues
and the organs of the human body so j
that it is impossible to detect whether a
person has been poisoned or has died
from injuries, the effect of the fluid being
to mask the cause of death.
".Mrs. Finnic, whose husband was run
over by a Sutter-street car, will be un- j
to obtain judgment against the com
pany for her husband's death, even as
suming' that the company was to blame.
I am going to consult my attorney at
once and have such action taken as will
prevent this abuse in future."
in the inquest on the body of Mrs. An
derson Sergeant of Police Brophy testified
that the saloon had a bad name and that
he bad repeatedly called Anderson's at
tention to the impropriety of his wife
sitting on the laps of sailors in the sa
loon while Anderson played the accor
dion for their amusement. Three wit
nesses testified that Anderson had
knocked down his wife inside the bar
and had jumped upon her abdomen, and
that when she arose blood was streaming
from her head. She took to her bed
a day or two later and a physician was
called in, but he left th>- ease, and Dr.
D. B. Plymire took charge. He found
symptoms of pneumonia and treated her
fi>r that disease. He had heard nothing
of the beating and kicking, and in his
opinion the woman had died from pneu
monia.
Anderson on his own behalf testified
that he was "fooling" with his wife and
that while she was attempting to strike
him with a cup he threw her from him
and she fell on the floor. He denied hav
ing struck or kicked her.
"On account of the body having been
■
Hales. I Hales.
Q^'i to Qd.7 r^L JM? comiortaDie,
Market Street. WM^^^^^^ shopping
good news of good goods
read every word ; nothing put in to fill up;
every item stands out for itself, its excuse
for existence being absolute interest — your
interest :
glove news | suits and cloaks
easy enough to get good gloves; j it would do you good to see the
right at your left hand as you enter ' satisfied march of customers from
the store; new full stock shown; all our cloak department. temptation
the popular colorings; new stitchings; would be in your way to join the pro-
complete in all sizes. 1 cession, for instance, to-day:
ladies' two-clasp lambskin gloves; \ 26 misses' tan mixed cloth cheviot
fitted and guaranteed $1 00 jackets; franklyn four-button fronts;
misses' two-clasp lambskin gloves; high rolling collars; $4 50 jacket for
fitted and guaranteed $1 00 $1 69
ladies' three-clasp Hte. Jouvin 24 misses' golf capes in blue and red
gloves; real French kid; newest melton cloth, with plaid hoods
shades and stitching $150 pair $2 50 each
all gloves kept in repair and cleaned 24 ladies' gray and black golf capes,
free of charge. with hood; fringe trimmed; 24 Inches
long $4 50 each
Veilin^S 15 la< * ' Venetian and cheviot cloth
» suits; jacket with six-button front,
two interesting items here to-day: silk lined; new skirt, percaline lined
late arrival of plain and dotted and corduroy bound; a finely tailored
black Tuxedo, Russian and Brussels and strapped suit for $15 00
net; black Tuxedo, with chenille dots; 24 ladies' tan kersey cloth jackets:
white Tuxedo, with black chenille six-button, double-breasted front: full
dots; plain and dotted chiffon at.... silk lined; finely tailored and stitch-
50c yard ed; a new cut jacket; intended to sell
to insure comfort for customers in at $12 00; now $S 00
the veiling department we have
placed on the center tables, in front h^nHL' e*t*C hi^£ hinfc
of the veiling counter, to-day, our IIdIIUKCI tOICT HintS
entire line of choice veilings at what follows is a brief hint of the
25 c yard value you will find, whatever you
—Sl-»l-^ — want to pay— cents or a dollar.
PIDDOnS 67 doz. ladies' all pure linen em-
Hale's best quality: better than we broidered scalloped bordered hand-
ever had before and costs us more Kerchiefs .......... .... 25c each
accordingly. It is a step in advance „ 3i> d ? z - * dies . fi " e hemstitched, all
of what has been "best grade" with ] lnen handkerchiefs; just a little ex-
ribbon dealers generally. tra value 20c each
5700 yds. plain and moire taffeta ».,
ribbon: millinery news
No. — 1 inch wide 7%c yard
No. 7—114 inches wide 10c yard draped turbans from our own work-
No 9— inches wide 12% c yard rooms have been reduced to make
their present popularity more popu-
housekeeping helps la even _ dollar> eight . dollar and nlne
Hunter's flour sifter and measurer dollar stylishly trimmed dress hats
10c are now $5 00
16-inch turkey feather duster 35c ten-dollar and twelve-dollar hats
8-quart rinsing pan; enameled now $8 00
granite steel ... y . 30c stylish felt hats for misses or chil-
hardwood chopping bowl: 11 in., dren in navy, brown, castor, pearl,
15c: 15 in., 20c; 17 in.. 25c; 19 in.. 30c cardinal, green, royal and black; 3
Bissel's Grand Rapids carpet j different shapes; they will trim up
sweep; known everywhere as the ! prettily; the 50c quality for 25c
best, for $2 50 j hand painted quills; designs and
counter brushes 25c colorings excellent; but assortments
straight, saucepot; 10 quarts; enam- have become broken, so that from
eled granite steel 50c 25c and 37% c they are reduced to ..20c
embalmed." testified Dr. Zabala, "I could
not tell what she died of. It would be
impossible to determine. There were no
signs of bruises on the body."
The jury returned a verdict that the
sed had died of pneumonia follow
ing possible injuries. This the Coroner
refused to receive, on account of its
vagueness, and the jury, after further
consultation, returned a verdict that
death had boon caused by pneumonia.
The Coroner refused to accept it and is
sued a warrant for Anderson's arrest on
a charge of manslaughter. Anderson was
arrested immediately, but was allowed to
I attend his wife's funeral in charge of an
! officer.
In the matter of William Hogg, who
was booked as "John Doe" at the City
and County Hospital, notwithstanding
thai his name was on the books of the
City Receiving Hospital, whence he had
been taken, James Hagan, the city under
taker, testified that he had embalmed the
body by request of relatives of the de
ceased after having 1 disinterred it from
the potter's field, where it had been
buried last Saturday. The body had not
been pickled, he s;d.l. and he offered to
produce three witnesses to prove that he
buri«-d and disinterred the body.
William Flnnie was another of the
bodies which the Croner had accused
Hagan of embalming without authority
and in opposltii n to the ends of justice.
Mr. Hagan, in explanation, swore that he
did not know that it was a Coroner's
case. The attending; physician signed a
certificate that Finnie's death was the
i result of an accident, and he remarked
I that he supposed he would have to get a
certificate from the Coroner. But as the
body was rapidly decomposing he in
jected about a quart of ejnbalming fluid
into the abdominal cavity.
Surgeon Zabala said that the embalm
ing fluid would have masked whatever
injuries might have been received by the
deceased; but he found the brain in a
mushy condition, and gave as the result
of his investigation that Finnic had died
of softening of the brain.
The jury returned a verdict that the
railroad accident was a contributory
cause of his death.
In the case of William Hopff th«* jury
found that cerebral apoplexy was the
cause of death, "and we further find that
the evidence adduced at this hearing in
dicatea an entire lack of system at the
City Receiving- Hospital in* the transfer
uf patients to the City and County Hos
pital. Further, we are of the opinion
that the evidence Introduced as to the
disposition of the unknown d-earl at the
hands of tue city undertaker warrants
further investigation."
NEWS OF THE SOLDIERS.
Officers of the Forty-Sixth Infantry
Exonerated of Charges of
Incorupetency.
The provost guard of the Forty-sixth !
Regiment continued the work yesterday
of rounding up the stragglers who have
overstayed their leaves. The armed
soldiers patrolling the streets during the
day :iml last evening aroused the curi
osity of a good many people who could
not figure out what was meant by all of
the warlike display.
Captain W. B. Thomas and Captain
Patstone, Forty-sixth Infantry, have been
exonerati .1 by the examining board of
charges of Incompetency, and the find
ings have been approved by General Shaf
ter. The charges against Thomas were
made by Colonel Schuyler. In order to
avoid the unpleasantness of serving with
an officer who thought him Incompetent,
Captain Thomas will ask to be trans
terred into another regiment.
Captain .lames M. Arrasmith, Thir
teenth Infantry, with twenty-five recruits
and one officer and twenty-six men of the
Thirty-first Infantry will sail on the
transport Senator, which Is expected to
depart for the Philippines next Monday.
Batteries A and N. Sixth Artillery, have
been relieved mmi duty in the Hawaiian
Islands and will embnrk at Honolulu on
the transport Hen Mnhr. Captain S. M.
Foote. Sixth Artillery, now at Angel
Island, will sail from here on the Ron
Mohr and take command of his cattery
(N) at Honolulu.
There Is but very little sickness at pres
ent among the troops stationed at the
•Presidio. There are a few cases of measles
in the Thirty-eighth and one suspected
case of typhoid in the Forty-fifth, but
otherwise the men puffer from nothing
more Bevere than colds.
Several officers well known hero have
been advanced in their positions by reason
of the promotion of a number of colonels
in the regular army. lieutenant Colonel
W F Randolph. Third Artillery, becomes
coionel of the First Artillery and will join
his regiment in South Carolina. Major
Edward Field, Second Artillery, becomes
lieutenant colonel of the Third Artillery.
Maior J. Milton Thompson. Forty-second
Infantry is promoted to lieutenant coionel
of the "Fourteenth Infantry.
A general court-martial will meet this
morning at the camp of the Fortieth In
fantry The board will consist of twelve
officers of the Fortieth, with Major M.
MeVance as president and First Lieuten
ant Gallagher as judge advocate.
A Meeting Place.
Z.inkanil'9 is the place to meet your friend:
for lunch. *
DECEIVED HIS WIFE.
Suit was filed yesterday by Mrs. Annie
Mueller in which she seeks to set aside
an agreement of separation entered into
between herself and her husband, Charles
Mueller, who died on the 22d, of. last
month. Mueller, who was a restaurant
keeper at 120 California street, married
his wife in February of 1882, but subse
quently she discovered that he was also
living with another woman, whom she
alleges to be Lena Gehrels. A separation
followed and finally Mueller settled with
his wife for $900, which he alleged to he
one-half of the community property Mrs
Mueller now claims that her husband was
the possessor of two pieces of real prop
erty valued at $15,000. which are now la
the possession of Lena Gehrels, and she
sues to recover title.
Presentation of Jewels.
To-morrow night Lodge Xo. 1 of the
Journeymen Butchers' Association will
give a social in Odd Fellows' HaJl for the
purpose of presenting a nandsome em
blematic jewel of office to eighteen of the
past presidents.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Our Saturday's Specials!
GRANULATED Sp^e eU ' SUGAR
21 lbs $1,00
BEST CREAMERY BUTTER- ...50c
Regular 65c Square.
CHOICER!?. BUTTER 45c
Regular 55c Square.
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS.:.. 3Oc
Guaranteed Regular 40c Doz.
EASTERN ■!»&' HAMS 13c
The best in the city. Regular 15c Ib.
PORT, SHERRY, ANGELICA, Bo 5 8 $1
5 years old. Regular 40c bottle.
LEA & PERRIN'S SAUCE 20c
Genuine Imported. Regular 25c.
BABBITT'S L.? ' d % SOAP, 29 bars SI
FRENCH SARDINES, Large Cans. 20c
Genuine Imported. Regular 30c.
TABLE WINE, Zinfandel .&.... 25c
5 years old. Regular 35c.
AGENTS FOR HOOVER'S HEALTH FOODS.
Send your friends at the
Philippines a box of Gro-
ceries. No expense in
shipping.
Country orders filled and shipped fre« of
charge 100 miles. Send for November catalogue.
1348-1354 Market Street.
Opp. 7th. Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
Cut Glassware
Bargains.
It's Worth Your
Coming: just to See.
Great American ImportiDa Tea Co.
Stores Everywhere.
xoo Stores.
/!^^^k Dr. R. L. Walsh,
iSi^A .OEARYST . bet.
fcL**" 1 -*«-iil! iHa-sSi Hyde and I.arkin.
r*v- "^^Ssicl^r Painless Extra ■ :.
Vlf ? v « * . 1i vj Crowns "".'...... i?ii.OO
Mj_>~ Li-> i<^ Flesh-colored Plates
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad" joints) our
specialty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. 14
years experience.
fill ¥*H/"V Painless treatment. Per-
il 1 I LW manent cure. Entire time de-
ill r' voted to rectal diseases. Ref-
M. KMJMJLJ erences those cured. No im>
fery. a. J. ATKINS. M.D..
835 Butter st.. San Fraaciacoj
1 iv tours, l to 3 ». a, -~—l