VOLUME LrXXXYI— NO. 149.
BRITISH WARSHIPS ARE CHASING A RUSSIAN
STEAMER CARRYING ARMS FOR BOERS
In Addition to the Serious Predicament
of Her Troops in Natal England Seems
to Be in a Fair Way of Causing Inter=
esting Foreign Complications.
MALTA, Oct. 27 —The British battleship Anson, cruiser Hawk
and destroyer Bruizer have sailed in chase of a Russian steamship
carrying arms for the Boers via Suez Canal.
PARIS, Oct. 27.— A dispatch to the Journal from Toulon says
there is talk there of sending to the southwest coast of Africa a
naval division consisting of three second-class protected cruisers,
commanded by admiral Bienaime
L-OXDOX, Oct. 27.— Although tho dis
patches sent from the front are"
contradictory three or four main
facts stand out prominently. Gen
eral Symons 1 fight at Glencoe was
not anything like tho decisive victory at
first alleged, and General Yule would In
all probability have been annihilated or
have met with the same fate as the cap
tured Hussars if ho had not retreated.
General White's artillery duel at Reit
fontein was a very severe engagement, in
•which the rifle did (Treat execution and
which success was also achieved at a dis
tressing cost.
The bombardment of Mafeking has com
menced with unknown result and the
Boers have got their Hussar prisoners
pafely u> Pretoria.
Altogether the campaign is being pushed
by the "Boers so strenuously and on such
Found strategical lines that the situation
of the British must in all probability give
them cause for anxiety for some time to
come. .
It is difficult to see how the concen
trated force at Ladysnilth will be able to
take the aggressive immediately. Apart
from the fatigue, regiments like the Gor
don Highlanders and Rival Rifles have
been practically without officers since the
fights and 135 additional officers have been
ordered to leave England as speedily as
possible.
f» official announcement of the join
if General White and General Yule
come as a great relief, and all the
more so In view of the fact that .later
dispatches have shown .that only the in
capacity of the Intelligence department of
the Boers saved General .Yule's column
from a great disaster.
It seems thaf on Friday night Dundee
was full of alarms. Heavy firing was
h«~ard at 1 o'clock nd again at 4. . A se
v,to thunderstorm soon after stopped the
liner cannonade. Saturday --.■■; in the
same anxious manner, in momentary ex
pectation of an attack. The British finally
evacuated, taking. all that they could, but
leaving plenty behind for the Boers to
loot." — "
Th? appointments of the Boer hospital
at Dundee are described as very primi
tive. - The Boers themselves, in the ab
sence of a nursing staff, get 'only scant
attention.
It is reported General Sir William Perm
Symons died on Wednesday — not on
Thursday— and was buried at Dundee yes-
General Yule's column had a very ex
•hausting march, chiefly, it is believed, by
r.lght. The reason of a night march is
not given, but it was probably a fear of
Boer surprises. Th.' heavy rains and mist
hampered the march, but were perhaps
the means of saving General Yule from
molestation. It took the column twenty
four hours to cover the last sixteen miles.
The only news this morning consists of
a more detailed account of the battles al
ready reported. A correspondent who has
visited the hospital at IJadysiriitli! where
the Boors wounded at Elands Laagte who
were captured, are being tended, reports
that General Jan Ko'ck, who was badly
w minded In the thigh and shoulder.,,
the advance.of the patrol under Comman
dant Pienar without guns was simply
with the object of cutting the railway,
and that this body was .subsequently re
inforced without General Joubert's orders,
G^nr-nl Viljnf-n accompanying them. The
latter was killed early in the fight.
According to another correspondent the
Boers say that General Kock, during the
battle, read his Bible and" prayed for vic
tory. His brother, 'two sons and a nephew
•were all wounded and taken prisoners.
(Colonel Schiel of the German corps and
Commandant retorius were both severely
wounded. Many prominent Boers are not
yet accounted for. Philip Kock says the
Boers suffered most from "soldiers In lit
tle clothes— half men and half women"—
meaning the Gordon Highlanders, and in
tho charge of the Fifth Lancers. They
say also that the quick-firing guns cap
tured by the Devonshire Regiment are
those that were taken from the Jameson
raiders.
Colonel Bchiel assured a correspondent
that nothing could stand against the ac
curacy of the British field guns, which re
peatedly drove the Transvaal gunners
from their embrasures. The British in
fantry lire was also, he said, a complete
surprise to the Boers, who were confident
of their ability to master any infantry at
tack.
One Elands Laagte correspondent ex
presses the belief that the British killed
fewer Boers than might have been ex
pected considering the heavy fire of the
British artillery.
The bullet of the Boer Mausers, It ap
pears, makes a clean, healthy wound
where It passes out. No operations for
extraction have been necessary at the
Ladysmltb hospital.
With regard to the western frontier it is
reported that President Steyn recently
visited a force of 2000 Boers encamped ten
miles south of Kimberley.
The war is having Its natural effect in
Cape Colony. Everything is at famine
prices and horseflesh is at a tremendous
premium.
A Dutch circular is being secretly clr- j
© -©— ©-©— •-©-©-© -© _Q_a_o_ ©-©—©—©-©—©-©—©-© -o- ©-©—©— ©-© — ©-h» — ©— © — ©— a
: CRONJE BOMBARDS MAFEKING. I
» . .■:-■ ,.,.:'. ' t ./•.•■■ •:.•: -•' ■:. -.:.':>.
PRETORIA, Oct. 24, via Lourenzo Marquez.— The bombardment of o
I Mafeking by General Cron|e's commando began this morning. The women
i and children were given ample time to leave the town. • f
° PRETORIA, Oct. 25, via Lourenzo Marquez,— The shelling of Mafe- *
• king was resumed at daybreak this morning. Several houses are in •
« flames. . 1
o — 0— ©— •— •— ©— •— © — © —©—©—©—©— ©— •— ©— c~ ©— •— © —©©—©— ©—©—©a - m—^ —o —a— a— a
The San Francisco Call.
;ulated in the Burghersdorp district ap
)ealing- to the Dutch to stand shoulder to
shoulder against the "tyrant who never
(oet)s faith."
BRITISH REPORT
OF A BATTLE
AT KIMBERLEY
CAFE TOWN. Oct. 26 (Evening^.—Re
ports from Klmbertey, dated Tuesday,
state that Colonel Scott Turner, v.-ith 270
mon. proceeded northward to MacFar
farm. At 9 o'clock a party of
was seen on the right flank and
wax quickly scattered, colonel Scott Tur
ner opening the Hre on them and s<rvcral
of ttu enemy being seen to fall. The
enemy moved to a sand heap and opened
fire on the British, which was returned.
■• ! Bcott Turner attempted to pre
vent t he Boers advancing against Colonel
Murray, hut was met with heavy l\v
from a dam wal tto the left At
11 o'clock Colonel Murray ordered 150 men
r.f the Lancashire Regiment to proceed to
th, north.
An armored train Is already supporting
Colonel Scott Turner. At midday Colonel
Murray started also with two Held puns
and two Maxims and seventy mounted
men. One of the two British guns opened
ily upon the Boers, who were in an
unfavorable position. The Boer artillery
lire was brisk. Another armored train
eld in readiness.
Ai 2 o'clock the second train was sent
forward' with additional ammunition.
Commandant Botha and many Boers
killed. The Kritisli Imps was three I
killed and twenty-one wounded. Tli^ en- j
gagement was a brilliant success for the
British forces.
CAPTURE OF
A BOER FORCE
IS REPORTED
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The Cape Town cor- |
respondent of the Daily News says it is
reported there from private sources that
the British issued from Mafeking, on
Saturday last, and surrounded and cap- I
tured 240 Boers.
A dispatch to the Central News from
Town, dated Thursday. << p. m..
Bays: "The British at Kimberley have
made a brilliant sortie, routing 709 Boers. I
The lighting lasted four hours. Two guns
captured. The Lancashire i
ment carried Kopjo at the point of the j
bay net. A Boer commandant was j
killed."
The dispatch does not state when the;
action occurred.
TEN THOUSAND
BOERS IN HILLS
AROUND DUNDEE
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The Dally Mail pub
lishes the following dispatch from Pieter
maritzburg dated October 24:
"The residents of Dundee .had a weary
tramp of forty miles to the nearest town,
where they arrived in a pitiable plight,
having lost everything: The refugees in
cluded Harry Escombe, former Premier
of Natal, and the Dundee magistrate. One
of tjie Dundee people says that all day
Saturday trains were arriving at Com
mandant General Joubert's headquarter*
at Dannbaoser from the Transvaal bor
il-r, hinging Boers, and that there must
! have been 10.000 in the hills around Dun
j dee. The natives report that the Boers
took on six wagons loaded with their
dead from the field of the first battle at
Glencoe. Among the killed were several
Natal Dutch. A sad feature of the en
gogement was that three Englishmen who
were impressed at Krugersdorp fought
with the enemy, one of them being killed.
The others, greatly affected, said they
were compelled to fight.
"The Piete.rmaritzburg defense corps
paraded to-day and was assigned a posi
tion in case of attack."
BOERS ACCUSED
OF DISREGARDING
FLAG OF TRUCE
IvOXDON, Oct. 27.— The Daily Tele
graph publishes this dispatch from its
special correspondent;
I "LADYSMITH, Monday.— ln the latter
Tpnrt of Saturday's action (at Elands
Laagte) the Boers hoisted a flag of truce.
! Thereupon Colonel Hamilton ordered the
men to cease firing. The troops stood up,
j when a party of Boers furiously resumed
the firing. On the Fame day other parties
were guilty of similar treachery, one fir
ing from a house which was being used
as a hospital Another party, when close
pressed, threw up their arms In token of
Bum oder and took advantage of the sol
diers grounding their rifles to shoot and in
; several instances to escape. Surgeons have
SAN FRAN CISCO, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
found that some expanding bullets have
been used by the enemy.
"Generals White, Hunter and French,
with their staffs, made a round of the
hospitals to-day. The town hall and
churches as well as tents are fitted up
with beds. Medical arrangements are
ample and complete. A number of wound
ed Boers wore allowed to so Into their
own hospitals near Elands Laagte."
BASUTOS ARE
EAGER TO AID
GREAT BRITAIN
LONDON, Oct. 2G.— Advices from Cape
Town to-day show that the Assembly at
Putfatsu River was attended by aJI the
principal Basuto chiefs. The resident
commissioner. Sir Godfrey Lagden, was
'it. The action of the paramount
ohief, Lerothodi, In pledging the nation's
loyalty was emphatically confirmed by
the chiefs urging the claim that they be
regarded as the Queen's soldiers and >c
. wed ! i share in Great Britain's strug
gle. Three cheers were given for the
Queen hy the natives, led by Lerothodl.
The British Commissioner discouraged
the idea that the British needed assist
ance and l>ade the chiefs quell the ex
citement.
PRETORIA, Oct. 21.— President Steyn
of the Orange Free State has Issued a
proclamation to the Basuto nation ex
plaining t he reasons for the war and also
stating that the Boer forces have been
placed near the Basutoland border. He
makes known that the republic is at
peace with the BasutOfl and wishes to
continue so, adding that no injury will
EHfl to Bastutpf remaining quiut and
not assisting the British.
RESOLUTIONS
FOR MEDIATION
ARE PRESENTED.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2H.— The resolu
tions adopted at a mass-m.eting held in
Carnegie Hall. Now York, October 11,
urging the President to offer the friendly
services of the United States in mediation
between Groat Britain and the Transvaal
and the Orange Free State republics,
were presented to the President this after
| noon by a delegation from New York
, headed by Tunis G. Hergin. president of
the Holland Society. The delegation also
j Included Alfred H. Love of Philadelphia,
president of the Universal Peace Union.
Mr. Bergin, in his address presenting
j the petition to the President, said ihe
delegation had no desire to embarrass the
friendly relations between the United j
States and Great Britain. On the con
trary, it was because of that friendliness j
and good understanding that they pre
sented the petition to the President lii the
hope that in the wise ami good discretion
of the executive, a way might be found to
offer the timely offices of the Government
of the United States in an endeavor to
allay the bloody conflict now gojng on in
Africa. This would be in line with the
new diplomacy enunciated at The Hague
peace conference. The hope was <:x
--pressed 'that honorable terms of peace
might be secured, the honor of both
parties be sustained, and th<> names of
two of our sister republics not be stricken
from th» earth. No pc »ple would welcome
our giMxl offices like the English people.
■ | the South African republics were ready
for mediation, and the United States, as
the friend of both, should be the best
mediator.
The President, ln responding, thanked the
gentlemen present for appearing and for
! the sentiments expressed in behalf of
peace. Such sentiments had ..is sym
pathy, but In a case where so many di
verse interests are Involved, moves must
be made with great reserve, lest, unwit
tingly, injury be done some of the. parties.
Thr- fjict. moreover, must not be- over
looked that America had Interests at
Stake. The President reiterated that he
was for peace, and assured the delegation
thai the petition would receive his most
earnest consideration.
BULLER EXPECTED SUNDAY.
CAPE town, Oct. 25.— Everybody is
awaiting eagerly the arrival of General
Redvers Buller, who Is expected on Sun
day. It is certain that he will receive a
grand reception.
The practice of the authorities here is
to entrain all arriving troops alongside
the vessel and dispatch them direct to
the front, thus avoiding a march through
I the city and Inevitable demonstrations.
CORDON ABOUND KIMBERLEY
LONDON, Oct. 2C— There Is little news
I from the Western border. The cordon
around Kimberley is drawing closer, but
I hopes are expressed that a flying squad
i ron will shortly be sent to its relief
The Portuguese authorities have recon
ducted over the Transvaal border 500
white and black prisoners, whom the
isoers released from their Jails and turned
loose in Portuguese territory.
This little city, often called the Aldorshot of South Africa, is at this time the center of interest for both the Boers and the British. With the addition of
General Yule's forces from Glencoe and Dundee to those of General White, already on. the ground, there are now in and about the place between twelve and thir
teen thousand British troops, while approaching it. and by this time probably investing it, on the north and east, are the Boers under General Joubert, who forced
General Yule from Dundee, .and fought General White at Elands Laagte and Kietfontein, and on the west and southwest from Van Reenans, and other passes in
th.- I>rakensbi'r»r. the Orange Free State forces, making together an aigrette exceeding the British force by several thousand, with a good complement of field
pieces. besides ihf Ijeavy, long-distance guns used in the last attack on Dundee. On the hills about L,adyamith the. British have, also a number of heavy guns, so
placed as to command all the approaches to the town. To the left of the town in the bend of the river is the permanent camp, while the later additions of troops
are canv-1 in other avail. 'bio places.
HOW THE BRITISH
WERE DRIVEN BACK
TO LADY SMITH
Deadly Aim of the Boers That
Materially Thinned the Ranks
of the Retreating Troops.
LONDON, Oct. 2r>.— The War Of
fice has received the following dis
patch from General White:
"LADYSMITH, Oct. 26. 12:+") p. m.—
General Yule's column has just
marched in here after a very hard
march during a night of exception
ally heavy rain. The men, though
done up, are in, good spirits and
only want a rest. The enemy did
not molest them."
The War Office has received a
telegram from General White,
dated Ladysmith. Thursday, giving
a list of the captured officers of
Hussars, etc., as cabled to the As
sociated Press yesterday. General
While explained that he did not
have the iist until General Yule's
foVce arrived to-day and adds that
he understood they were all alive,
but prisoners.
LONDON, Oct. 2(s.— Details of the
fighting at Reitfontein are coming
in slowly. A special dispatch from
Ladysmlth, dated October 24, filed
after the light, says:
"On discovery that the Boers were
massed to the westward of the main road
to Dundee an attempt .was made by a
train to recover the body of Colonel Scqtt-
Chtsholm, killed at Elands Laagte. The
train was tired upon and obliged to retire,
and General White moved out to attack
the Boers believed to be Free Staters who
should have joined the Transvaalers at
Elands l,aagte. General White command
ed personally. The Fifth Lancers were
placed on either flank. They first came
in touch with the Boers below Modder.
spruit where 15uO burghers occupied a
strong ridge, whence they opened fire at
roo yards, hitting several British. In the
meanwhile the Hussars and Natal Car
bineers advanced unscathed through an
opening in the ridge under fire of a Boer
gun? while the Imperial Light Horse took
part of the crest of the hill, the Boers
re "At n fbout 9 o'clock a Boer gun stationed
on the crest of Matawanaskop opened fire
with great accuracy on the main force,
which in the meantime had come up. but
the shells failed to explode and the Brit
ish artillery silenced the opposition. The
whole British force then advanced and
the action became general. A large body
of Boers occupied strong positions at
Matawanaskop and the precipitous ridges
surrounding it. The British guns held the
position and the infantry advanced under
the fire. The Gloilcesters and Devons
crossed a fearful fire zone beneath Tuitan
yoni hill, whence the Boers poured a
withering fire with such effect that thirty
of the attackers dropped in a distance of
200 yards.
"Seeing the peril of the Devons and
Gloucesters, General -White dispatched the
Carbineers and Liverpools to take the
enemy in the rear. A fierce rifle and ar
tillery duel was maintained ior some
time. The British Maxims rattled, but the
Boers, under cover of the rocks, remained
cool and replied with an- incessant rifle
fire. The. British artillery swept the face
of the hills and at length the shells be
LADYSMITH AND THE VICINITY.
came so destructive that the Boers re
treated to another ridge, whence they
were dislodged by the volunteers In the
face of a galling fire.
"The Boers soon reformed and took up
a position oil another ridge, but the volun
teer? dashed across the Intervening plat
eau, again rushed the Boer position and
drove them back to the main force, oc
cupying Matawanasknp. The British then
shelled the latter until clusters of Boers
were seen leaving and retreating west
ward when the engagement closed."
A special from Glencoe Camp, dated Oc
tober 23. says:
"After the alleged victory Friday the
British imagined they were free from fur
ther molestation for some days, but they
soon found that the earlier reports of a
sweeping success were exaggerated. The
reported capture of all the Boer guns was
Incorrect. The burghers succeeded In re
moving some of them before the British
carried the hill, leaving only the riflemen
behind to cover their retreat.
"On Saturday news was received of Gen
eral Jouberfs main column threatening
Dundee. General Yule quickly recognized
the impossibility of defending noih Dun
dee and Glencoe against such superiority
of numbers, and sent word to Ladysmit'n
of his dangerous situation and ordered the
evacuation of Dundee, which commence!
with long range firing by the big guns at
daybreak Sunday. The Boers male ex
cellent practice and the shells from a
forty-pounder occupying the Impntl
Mountains dropped in and around tho
town. In the meanwhile the British had
reached Glencoe In safety. There orders
reached General Yule on Monday to fa I!
back on Lady smith. At the same time
he was informed that a large force was
waiting at Elands Laagte to assist his
retirement. Glencoe Camp was accord
ingly evacuated. The precarious position
of the British was not known to the
Boers."
A belated dispatch sent from Glencoe
camp on the night of the battle in that
vicinity admits that few Boer dead and
wounded were found on the field and at
tempts to explain this by saying:
"Throughout tho fighting the Boers. In
accordance with their custom, buried
their dead and carried off their wounded
Immediately after they fell, those left
representing only the casualties during
the last moments of the fighting. Even
their disabled cannon were removed.' al
though broken pieces of them 'could be
seen lying about."
An official British account of the fight
at Reitfontein, given out at Cape Town,
says:
"Yesterday Sir George White, having
ascertained by previous reconnolssanco
that the Free State forces had moved
east from Besters -Station and were at
tempting to gain the road from Lady
smith to the north, moved out In the di
rection of inlands Laagte with the Fifth
Lancers, Nineteenth Hussars, Imperial
Light Horse, Natal Mounted Volunteers,
two field batteries, one mountain battery
and a brigade of infantry. The enemy
posted a battery two miles south of
Modderspruit and opened with infantry
fire at long range on the British advance
guard, consisting of the Nineteenth Hus
sars. This was followed by artillery fire
directed with considerable accuracy
GENERAL SYMONS
DIED A PRISONER
AMONG THE BOERS
Secretary Wyndham Furnished
the Humiliating* News to the
House of Commons.
LONDON. Oct. 26.— The death of General Sir William Perm Symnns. the Brit
ish commander at Glencoe, who was shot in the stomach in the battle with
the Boers there October 20, was officially anonunced in the House of Com
mons to-day. The Parliamentary Secretary of thp War Office, Mr. Wynd
ham, in announcing the death of General Symons. paid:
"The news was considerately sont to Genera) White by General Joubert,
which confirms tlio impression that General Yule had to leave his wounded at
Dundee. We hope to have shortly full information on the dispositions made by
General Yule for his wounded before leaving. The House will lie erla<l to knnw
that we hnvo a further report from Mafeking. which was all right on October 21.
As the establishment there of the Nineteenth Hussars was complete, there is no
explanation why Infantry officers fell into the enemy's hands at the same time,
and it is assumed they were mounted infantry."
In the course of a reply relative to the arrangements made for the care of
the wounded; Mr. Windham said there wore ample storks of medicines, etc.. with
all the British forces, but possibly, if they were forced to care for many Boers,
the British resourros would be strained, and the- Government was making pro
vision for this contingency. On October 23, he added, three Boer doctors, with as
sistants, arrived at Ladysmith. and the Boer wounded were placed in the Dutch
church in their charge. These doctors expressed gratitude and satisfaction at the
unexpected arrangements for the comfort ami welfare of the wounded.
Replying to John Dillon. Irish Nationalist, member of East Mayo. Mr. Wynd
ham declared that the British troops were not using expanding bullets and had
no such bullets.
against the British guns. An action last
ing six hours ensued at Reitfonteln Frl
<l;iy. The enemy were driven from tlve
hills commanding the mads. Sir George
White's object being accomplished the
column returned to Lsdysmith. The
enemy is believed to have suffered.
"Several Boers own officially that th<^y
lost 100 killed at Elands Laagte. Three
hundred prisoners, wounded and un
wounded, are in the hands of the British,
including several of high position.
"In the action at Elands Laagte, Oc
tober 21, the Johannesburg force with a
detachment of the German corps was
completely broken up.
"All was well at Mafeking up to Octo
ber 21. All was well at Kimberley up to
October 23. The defenders are in good
spirits."
Other accounts tfwell on the severity
of the rifle fire at Reitfontein. They say
that when the Boers finally retreated the
Lancers cut them off from their horses
and inflicted severe losses on them. The
retreat, it is added, ended in a general
rout. It is announced in a dispatch from
Ladysmlth, dated October 23, that strong
reinforcements of infantry and artillery
have arrived from Pietermaritzburg. It
was also reported that the Boers were
again massing near Elands Laagte and
that a Free State force several thousand
strong was occupying Besters Station.
KILLED AT ELANDS LAAGTE.
DURBAN, Natal. Oct. 23 (Delayed in
transmission).— Ex-State Attorney Kos
ter, the defender of Yon Veltheini, the
murderer of Wolf A. Joel, at one time
the partner of the late Barney Barnato,
was among the killed at Elands Laagte.
It is said here that Colonel Schiel's Ger
man force was almost annihilated at that
battle.
GERMANY'S INCREASED NAVY.
BERLIN, Oct. 26.— The correspondent
here of the Associated Press learns au
thoritatively that the conferences be
tween the Secretary of the Admiralty,
Admiral Tirpitz. the Minister of Foreign
Affairs, Count yon Bulow. and the Im
perial Chancellor, Prince Hohenlohe, re
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
! lated solely to the Increase of the Ger
man navy by speedier and larger ships
than contemplated under the existing
programme. . This is due to the radically
changed political situation of the world.
It isnot intended as a threat to any one.
The conferences did not refer to sending
warships to South Africa and no decis
ion has been reached . as to what shape
the new , naval plans will reach the
Reichstag. -
«
RHODES IS CONFIDENT.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The Daily Tele
graph in a dispatch from its correspond
ent at Kimberley dated Monday says:
"Cecil Rhodes is strongly of the opinion
that the Boers' campaign will utterly
collapse. Locally the enemy continues to
show a nervous and unenterprising dis
position, but the greatest precautions are
taken against a surprise."
WHITE WILL ATTACK.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— General Sir George
Stewart White, according to a dispatch
from Cape Town to the Daily Mail, will
attack the Orange Free State forces in
Natal as soon as General Yule's men have
rested. Strong British reinforcements are
being sent up from the Cape.
SIX BOERS KILLED.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 26.— According to a
dispatch received here from Pretoria, in
the engagement between the Briti.-h
forces under Colonel Pluer and the Boers
at Rhodes Drift, six Boers were killed
and four prisoners taken.
MORE TROOPS FOR THE WAR.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Orders were issued
to-day for an additional 5000 troops to sail
for South Africa, between November 4
and November 18.
ARRIVAL OF TRANSPORTS.
DURBAN, Oct. 26.-Martial law has
been proclaimed throughout Natal. A
transport has arrived with a battalion of
the Rifle Brigade.
CAPE TOWN, Oct. 26.— The transport2
TEN CARLOADS OF THE BRITISH
PRISONERS TAKEN TO PRETORIA
View of One End of the Race Course at Pretoria, Where British Prisoners are Confined.
(From a sketch made when the Jameson raiders were confined there.)
PRETORIA. Oct. 22 (Delayed in
transmission).— British pris
oners captured Friday near Dundee
.were entrained at Dannhaua
They filled ten trucks. The offi
. • . - cers traveled first class and a sep
arate van was provided for two wounded
officers. An enormous crowd assembled
at the station here to witness the arrival,
but there was no demonstration. When
they -alighted, the prisoners were received
/".•
Zayathla, whose voyage from Liverpool
w-aS delayed by difficulties with her ma
chinery, has arrived with a battery and a
half field artillery. Her sister transport,
with an equal force, which has been sim
ilarly delayed, is daily expected.
EAKTOM WITH THE BOERS.
WASHINGTON, <><-t. 2t!.— The missing
■ m tn, Huston, who was pup
to have been captured by the Boers,
has been traced by tin State department
and found to be all right. Consul Mac
rum, at Pretoria, reports that Easton is
at the front with the Boer forces.
PROTEST AGAINST THE
CRUELTIES OF BULL PEN
Laboring Men in Mass-Meeting De
. mand That General Merriam
i"V . Be Court-Martialed.
tNCTNNATI, Oct. 26.— An enormous
meeting was held to-night at Music Hall,
the officers of which were members of the'
Central Labor Council of Cincinnati and
the speakers Samuel Gompers, president
of the American Federation of Labor,
and Edward Boyee of But ■•-. Mont., presi
dent of the Western Federation of
Miners. Fully 6000 men remained during
the two long speeches. The announced
purpose of the meeting- was to- protest
against; the -treatment of prisoners held
In the bullpen in the Coeur d'Alene re
gion. Before the speaking began the
rr^olutipne were. read. The first was a
demand upon the President of the United
States to enforce the constitution, es
pecially in the sixth section, which they
el-aim had been violated.
The second resolution demanded of tho
President the withdrawal of the United
States troops from Shoshone County. The
next resolution demanded a court-martial
of General Merriam and his subordinate
olficers. The last resolution was that all
the Federal, military and civil officers re
sponsible for the alleged illegal acts com
mitted by- them should 1 be held to the
strictest accountability. ■ •*•.
After (jumpers' speech, which was fin
ished very fate, the resolutions were
adopted with a roaring aye and then with
a standing vote.
BIG BATTLE MAY HAVE
BEEN WAGED BY YOUNG
His Column Has Started for Cabana-
tuan, Where the Filipinos Were
in Force.
MANILA, Oct. 27.— General Young's
column which, occupied San Isidro a few
days ago, started this morning for Caba
natuan, seventeen miles north of San
Isidro, where a battle will 'undoubtedly
be fought to-day, as the enemy is massed
there and a stubborn resistance is looked
for.
Mr. Huber, a civilian member of Lowe's
has been missing since Sunday,
lit- is a cousin of the Calif ornian Huber,
who was captured by the enemy last
March.
The Filipino Congress has elected a
commission of native priests to proceed to
Rome to explain to the Pope the 'abuses
and Iniquities of the friars and ask lor
correcting Intervention.
TEACHERS IN SESSION.
RED BLUFF. Oct. 26.— The Teachers'
Association of Northern California m«t
In the first day's session this morning In
the opera-house. About 400 teachers from
various c6unties of the northern part of
the State were present and many more !
came on the noon train from Shasta and i
Slskiyou.
The meeting opened with an invocation j
by Dr. T. H. Gilbert, rector of the Epis- I
copal church of this city, which was fol- I
lowed 'by music by the Lyric quartet of
Sacramento, who responded to hearty I
encores. A letter was read from Judge
John F. Ellison, who was to deliver the
address of welcome, regretting his inabil- I
ity to attend, and- the address was made i
by Dr. Q. W. Westlake. He was followed <
by Professor O. E. Graves, principal of
the Red Bluff High School, who explained
fully the objects of the meeting of the |
association.
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
v not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
All sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
using it.
with funereal silence on the part of the
crowd. The greatest order and decorum
prevailed while they were traversing the
streets. The wounded were taken to a
hospital, while the other officers and men
were marched tc the race course, escort
ed by mounted burghers, and were en
camped on the spot -where Jameson's
troopers were confined. The officers—
Lieutenant Colonel Moller, Major Greville
and Captain Pollock of the Eighteenth
SAYS CUBA IS IN
MIDST OF ANARCHY
ComplaiQt Made of tt)e Methods
of the flmericao Military
Governors.
I HAVANA. Oct %.— The Tribune, edited by Senor Aleunan,' formerly
prominently identified with the Cuban revolutionary movement,' says to-day:
' "Cuba is now in the midst of anarchy, which is aided and abetted by the
I Government of that republic, whose President pretends, in the name of lib
erty, to spread the military supremacy of the United States all over the
• world. This plan, proposed by the business men of America, is now being
carried out by Mr. McKinley.
"Cubans are not such fools as to believe that the reports sent to Washing
t' by the military Governors do not contain more than appears In the
American newspapers. The reports sent to Washington are craftily worded
They show how false and double-minded are the intervening authorities who
govern Cuba at the pleasure of military commanders. They have even in
formed Washington that our newly formed political parties are not worthy
of the name, and that the men who direct them have no prestige, but have
undertaken to form parties without programmes."
ANOTHER FLOOD IN
THE RIO GRANDE
Buildings at Fort Brown
Threatened.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Tex., Oct. 26.— An unprece
dented rainfall along the Mexican border
during the past few days has caused
another great flood In the lower Rio
<•rar.de. Advices were received here to
day -that the United States military
reservation, upon which Fort Brown is
situated, is being rapidly reduced by the
erratic river.
The post buildings, which are of a sub
stantial character, are In the greatest
danger of being swept away by the river.
Withe mattresses were constructed to
day, but they are having little effect in
stayfhg the encroachment of the river on
the soil nf the reservatiorf.
The river has already Changed its course
at many points above Brownsville in its
present big rise. At one place in Hidalgo
CoUjty the river straightened one of its
bends, throwing a large tract of land
from Mexico into the United States. The
International Water Boundary Com
mission will have a number of important
disputes as to the boundary to sett.c
when the river subsides. Thousand.-, of
acres of cultivated valley lands along the
lower course of the river are overflowed.
No loss of life is reported.
GENERAL HENRY
DIES FROM PNEUMONIA
NEW YORK. t)ct. 27.-Brigadier Gen
eral Guy V. Henry. United States army,
late military governor of Porto Rico, died
a few minutes before 4 o'clock this morn
ing at his home, 139 Madison avenue, of
pneumonia, aged 60 years. He had been
unconscious for several hours and his end
was peaceful. At his bedside were all the
members of his family except his son.
Captain Guy V. Henry Jr., who 1b In the
Philippines.
Guy Vernon Henry was born in Fort
Smith, Indian Territory, March 9, 1839. He
was graduated at West Point May 5. 1861;
served through the Civil War and Indian
wars as lieutenant, captain, major, lieu
tenant colonel and brigadier general. He
was successively breveted brigadier gen
eral for gallantry at Rose Bud, Mont.,
where he was shot through the face while
fighting Indians. He received a medal of
honor from Congress for distlngulsho 1
gallantry at Cold Harbor. He was later
colonel of the. Tenth Cavalry, breveted
brigadier general, commanding Fort As
sinnlbcne, and May, lSf<S, promoted brig
adier general, volunteers, and brigadier
general, United States army, October,
1898, serving in the war against Spain.
He' was appointed Military Governor of
Porto Rico December, IK'S, which office he
held until May, 1899.
General Henry was the author of "Mili
tary Records of Civilian Appointees, U. S.
A., and other military works.
DIES IN NEW YORK.
[Demise of Mrs. W. H. Foster Jr.,
Who Was Prominently Known
Here.
NEW YORK. Oct. 27.— Mrs. Lelia Love
Poster, widow of William Hammond Fos
ter Jr. of San Francisco, is dead in this
city, aged 53 y^ars. Mrs. Foster was the
daughter of the late Judge Harlow Swain
Love of the Supreme Court of California.
Her brother, John Ix>ve, was formerly
Attorney General of California. She was
married to Mr. Foster in 1569, in Hong
kong, where Mr. ■ Foster was connected
with the American house of Russell &
Co. She leaves two sons, Reginald Love
Foster and Maximilian Foster, both of
whom are journalists In this city.
Will Entertain Soldiers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 2« —
To-morrow will be soldier day at Stan
ford. Several hundred, men from the
Kansas, lowa and Washington regiments
THE SAN FBAIST CISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
Hussars, and Captain Lonsdale, Lieuten
ant Meuseur. Lieutenant Garviee, Lieu
tenant Grimshaw, Major Endie and Lieu
tenant Shore of the Dublin Fusiliers
looked in good health. They are quartered
in a building apart from the men. On
giving their paiole, they will be allowed
the freedom of the whole inclosure. The
men appear indifferent and spend most
of their time smoking. They sleep on the
grandstand.
| are expected down, with their bands. In
the afternoon a team composed of soldiers
—an "all siar" aggregation— will line up
1 apinst the Varsity for the entertainment
of the crowd. The men will come down
I on an early train and remain at the uni
versity all day, visiting the various points
of interest.
FOURTEEN PEOPLE
BURNED TO DEATH
Two Families in the Colony of Emi-
grants at Fnires Lose Their
Lives.
MOBILE, Ala., Oct. 26.— News was re
ceived to-day that fourteen people had
been burned to death at Faires, Baldwin
County, about thirty miles northeast of
Mobile. The information was brought to
the city by Captain Jose E. Jordan, who
resides in that locality. Some time dur
ing Monday night last fire destroyed the
dwellings of Harry Goodlow and Samuel
Smithson. cremating all the occupants of
both houses.
The Goodlow family consisted of father,
mother and six children. There wen- six
persona residing in the Smithson home—
the husband, wifp, three children and a
sister of Mr. Smithson. The fire is be-
Ueved to have been of accidental origin
The pine trees surrounding the house
caught tire from the flames ajid prevented
any assistance from reaching the persons
in the houses. The bodies were found in
the rooms where the different members of
the families had been accustomed to
Bleeping, death having come while they
were asleep. The families formed part
of a colony of emigrants who had settled
in this region. These two families had
come from lowa.
GENERAL FITZHUGH LEE
BACK FROM HAVANA
Detained at Quarantine While Other
Persons Were Allowed to Go
Ashore.
NEW YORK. Oct. 26.— Major General
Fttzhugh Lee, who arrived on the steamer
Havana on Wednesday, was released
from quarantine to-day. He declares he
cannot understand why he and his secra
tary were detained for observation at
Hoffman Island, while others w"ho arriv
ed on the same vessel were allowed to
pass quarantine without detention.
General Lee looked the picture of
health. He will proceed to Washington
on Sunday and then visit his family In
Virginia, where he will remain until he
returns to Quemados, his Cuban head
quarters, th« first week in December.
"Why in the world they took me to Swin
burne Island 1 do not know, but I think
it was to feel my temperature," said the
general. The reporter tried to talk about
Cuba, but General Lee said:
"Ask me about the coming election and
don't ask about annexation. It is a mix
up. Sooner than talk about it I'd rather
nave you take my temperature a~gain "
General Lee said that when he left Ha
vana there were sixteen cases of yellow
fever in the cltv.
KILLED BY ESQUIMAUX.
Two Men Supposed to Belong to the
Andree Expedition Shot.
LONDON, Oct. 27.— The Times publishes
a letter from Rear Admiral Herbert
Campion summarizing a story received
from his nephew, now at Fort ChUrchil!
Hudson Bay, which says some Esquimau'
traders np north some time ago shot two
white men supposed to belong to the
Andree expedition.
Ury's Body Found.
PETALUMA, Oct. 26.— The body of
Daniel Ury, who has been missing for
several days, was found floating in Peta
luma Creek at noon to-day. The body
was badly decomposed and the face cov
ered with blood. On the body was found
a gold watch and chain, a check for $420
and some silver. It is generally believed
that Ury fell into the river while intoxi
cated. Deceased had lately become sepa
rated from his wife, who had turned over
to him $500 in gold as his share of their
joint property.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Broran Quinine Tablets. AH
druggists refund the money If It falls to cure.
B. W. Grove's signature Is on each box. 85c
YOUNG VANDERBILT
THE CHIEF HEIR
Gives a Portior) of His Vast iQheri
tance to His Brother
Cornelius.
■ -■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■- ■-■-■-■-■-■
7 Cornelius Vanderbilt's fortune . .$70,000,000 "
1 Son Alfred bequeathed ...... 50,000,000 '
Son Cornelius bequeatbed .... 1,500,000 c
Other children, each; 7,500,000 B
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— The provisions of
the will of the late Cornelius Vanderbilt
were made public to-night in a statement
by Chauncey M. Depew. Alfred Gwynne
Vanderbilt inherits the larger portion of
his father's fortune and becomes prac
tically the head of the Vanderbilt family.
The will makes no mention of the mar
riage of Cornelius Vanderbilt Jr. and Miss
Wilson, nor of any quarrel between father
and son because of the union, but appar
ently the father's displeasure was visited
upon the eldest son, he receiving, all told,
under the terms of the will, but $1,500,000,
and $1,000,000 of this is to be held in trust
by the executors. Alfred Gwynne Van
derbilt is, of course, the residuary legatee,
and will possess a fortune of probably
forty to lil'ty million dollars. Gladys,
Reginald and Gertrude (Mrs. Harry
Payne Whitney) will receive about $7,500,
--000 each.
But Mr. Depew states that Alfred will
give from his share to Cornelius to make
the latter as rich as his brother ana sis
ters. Alfred will therefore turn over to
Cornelius about $0,000,000. The statement
reads:
The will of Cornelius Vanderbllt is dated
June 18. 1896 and the two codicils thereto are
dated respectively April 24, 1897,. and April 4,
' 1599 '
His property is disposed of under these in- ,
struments as follows: .'■ ..
First— A bequest to Mrs. anderbilt, his
widow, for her life, of the dwelling house. and
premises on Fifth avenue, between Fifty-sev- ,
enth and Fifty-eighth streets. Also the stable
in East Thirty-eighth street, also all the house
hold furniture, pictures, silver, musical in
struments works of art and all other articles
in his residence In New York, with the power
to her to change or dispose of them during
her lifetime. From this bequest is excepted,
however, ancestral portraits and busts ana
portraits of himself and certain pieces of Jew
elry, which are distributed among his children.
Alfred G., Reginald, Gertrude and Gladys.
Second— At the death of Mrs. Vanderbllt the
property devised to her for life Is, given to
either Alfred G. or Reginald C. as she may
appoint by her will, and in default of such
. appointment it goes to the eldest of his sons
then living. Alfred or Reginald, and if neither
of them be living at the time of her death,
then to Gertrude, if living, and if not. then
to Gladys. In case, neither of said sons or
daughters shall survive his widow, then the
property, is to be divided among the
then living children of such sons and daugh
ters and if there be no such grandchildren,
then it becomes part of the residuary estate.
Third- A bequest to Mrs. Vanderbilt of his
pew in Trinity Church, Newport. R. 1., and
also all of his horses, vehicles, harness, equip
ments and stable furniture In his stables at
the time of his death, excepting such as have
been given during his lifetime to his children,
also his box at the Metropolitan Opera-house
"Fourth— The. residence', land and property,
Fourth— The residence, land and propertj,
with all furniture, etc.. and contents of the
houses and stables at Newport, R. 1., is gt\en
to Mrs. Vanderbllt lor her natural life .and
upon her death to such one of their children.
Alfred Reginald, Gertrude and Gladys, as she
may designate by her will, and in default of
such designation the same becomes part of
the residuary estate.
Fifth— The Oakland farm In South Ports
mouth R VI., with all buildings, furniture,
! equipment and livestock upon it is given to
A S| r xth-A:b^u 0 U t y Mr9. Vanderbllt of $2,000.
--od *n «&£tß£ro£ if she so elect, $2,000,000
ln s™nth-A bequest to Mrs. Vanderbllt of the
annual income or sum of $250,000 arising from
securities to be set .apart for that purpose by.
h Eign!h-A™'the death of Mrs. Vanderbilt the
principal set apart to create the income of
$250,000 Is given to Gertrude, Alfred G Reg
inald C. and Gladys, or, if any of them be
dead, to their Issue in such proportions as
Mrs. Vanderbilt may direct in her will, and in
default of such apportionment the same to be
divided equally.
Ninth— a power of appointment as to
»5 000 000 held In trust under his fathers will
I he directs that $:f>o.oo>> thereof be paid to his
son Cornelius and the balance thereof be
eauallv divided among his other children.
Tenth-One million dollars is given to his ex
ecutors in trust to the use of his son Cor
nelius, who is to receive the net Income during
his life and upon his death the principal is
to be divided into as many shares as he leaves
children and held In trust for them during the
i life of the -youngest child living at the time of
1 th* death of the testator, the Income mean
i while to be applied to their maintenance and
i support, and upon the death. of such child the
principal to be paid over to the respective bene
iiciorles But in case Cornelius should leave
no children surviving him or If any child sur
-1 viving him should die before receiving his
! share then the principal or any unpaid portion
! thereof Is to become part of his residuary es
tate. No payment of such funds is to be made
in anticipation of Income or alienated during
the lifetime of the person entitled to the in
' • Eleventh— Twenty million dollars In securi
i ties is to be set apart by his executors, to be
] divided by them into four <*qual parts and hold
' in trust, one part each for the use of his chil
i dren Gertrude. Alfred, Reginald and ; Gladys,
■ the Income thereof to be paid to each for life,
and upon the death of the beneficiary the prin
cipal of his or her share to be paid to the issue
of such beneficiary in such proportions as may
be appointed by the wilf, and In default of such
appointment in equal shares to such Issue, and
failing issue, then the principal of such share
is to be paid to the survivors of the above
named or their issue.
Twelfth— trustees of the several trust
funds are authorized in their discretion to sell
or hold the securities belonging to the testator
at the time of his death and to change invest
ments and are directed to invest trust funds
arising therefrom in certain specified securi
ties and classes of investment, with additional
authority to invest In the mortgage bonds of
any railroad approved for that purpose by all
! the executors who may qualify. They are fur
ther directed to hold securities In which trust
funds may be invested in their names as trus
tees for the parties respectively for whose bene
fit the trust Is created, keeping each trust
separate and distinct. -.:■:<!--•
Thirteenth— bequests are made 'a»
follows: William K. Vanderbllt. $100,000; Chaun
cev M Depew, $200,000: Edward V. W. Rossf
ter, $50,000; John W. Hone, $50,000; Rev. Dr.
David H. Greer, $50,000; Charles C. Clark, $25.
--0- Franklin Allen, $25,000; Maud Gwynne
Shepard, $25,000; John Ruttgers Leroy, $20,000;
Charles F. Cox, $10,000; Edgar T. Chapman, son
of Rev. E. T. Chapman of Watervltet, N. V.,
$10 000; George R. Fearing $10,000; Rev. Dr.
"Williams Langford, $10,000; George A. Warbur
ton, $10,000; Robert R. Mcßurney (dead). 110,
--000; J.H. Hattmaker, $10,000. -Also the fol
lowing annuities: Mrs. William Turnbull.
$1200; John T. Earle, $1200; Jeremiah SlmonsOn,
$1200; Mrs Sarah Slmonson, $600; Mrs. Cor
nelius Littell, $200. Upon the depth of each
annuitant the 'principal -set apart for such an
i nuity Is added to the residuary estate. Also
it is' provided that the Judgment of the execu
tors shall be final In respect to any division of
the estate made by them, and each executor
■I and trustee is relieved from responsibility for
; the acts or omissions of any other and no bonds
I are. required from them as security.
Fourteenth— A legacy of $100,000 is | given to
! the Young Men's Christian Association of New
York and the desire Is expressed that the in
come, so far as practicable, be used for Chris
tian work among railroad employes. Also a
" bequest of $200,000 is given to the rector, church
wardens and vestrymen of St.' ■ Bartholomew's
Church, to be kept Invested by them and the
annual income applied to the missionary work
of the parish. There Is a further . bequest of
$200,000 for the erection of a building for
| church purposes in Bald parish, contingent upon
its not having been erected prior to the tes
tator's death, the surplus, If any, to be added
to the bequest last above named. Also the fol
lowing bequests: Yale University, $100,000; St.
Luke's Hospital in New York City, $50,000: the
Domestic and Foreign Missionary Society of
the Protestant Episcopal Church, $50,008; trus
• tees of the Vanderbllt University, Nashville,
Tenn., 'sso,ooo: the Redwood Library at New
port, $10,000; the Newport (R. I.) Hospital, $10.
--000; the Christian Home for Intemperate Men
in New York. $10,000: the Manhattan Working
Girls' Society of the city of New York, $10,000;
the New York Bible ana Common Prayer Book
Society. $10,000.- Also the executors are di
i rected to pay to the Society of , St. Johnland
| annually the sum of $2000 and a bequest of $10,
--000 is made to the same society. • Also to the
Protestant Episcopal v : Society for ; Seamen in
New York City a bequest of '$10,000 Is given,
and Turner's painting of the Grand - Canal.
Venice, 'is given to the I Metropolitan j Museum
of Art In New York City. • -. r -
Fifteenth— A bequest of $1000 Is given' to each
of the . family servants who have • been in the
employ ■of the house or stable of the testator
for two years I next j preceding his I death, also
the "■ following bequests: > John H. . Dempsey,
$5000; : Charles A. Whittalier, - coachman, ' $2000;
Tony, his barber, $2000; John Allen, his farmer.
I $2000.
| Sixteenth— The gold medal voted 'by Congress
■'.-■■ • ...,-.
I in 1860, at the close of the Civil War. to Come;
-; lius \andorbilt, his grandfather, is given to
Alrred, his son. with the request that he leave
It tQ his eldest son. and so on down from eld-
I est son to eldest son.
Seventeenth— All the rett. residue and re
i mainder of the estate, Including all lapsed lega
cies and the principal of annuities, is given to
the executors In trust, to hold and invest and
reinvest and collect rents, income and profits
! for the use of his son Alfred, and to pay him
| the net income thereof as received until he be
comes 80, when he Is to come Into possession of
naif of said estate, the income of the re
mainder to be raid to him as before until he
becomes 30, when he Is to come into full posses
j sion thereof. If he dies before coming Into
possession of any or all such estate and leaves
! children survtvlns the undistributed portion
, is to be divided into equal shares and held In
trust for such children until they become of
a £<y But in the event of there being no
children living at the time of Alfred's death,
or of their dying before coming of age, then
the testator's son, Reginald C. Vanderbllt. in
all respects as to the undistributed portion of
I such residuary estate, is to stand in the place
i instead of Alfred; receivins the Income until
he is 30, and then half the principal and the
income of the balance until he is 35 years of
age, when he is to be put In possession of the
rest. In the contingency that both Alfred and
Reginald die without issue before being put
into possession of said estate, then the testa
tor s daughters, Gertrude anri Gladys, are made
residuary legatees In equal shares, their child
ren taking the parents' share In case either
dies before that time.
Eighteenth— The executors are directed to p".v
j out of the estate all inheritances, legacy and
, transfer taxes chargeable on account of any
| gifts, devises or bequests under the law of the
i £ . » ?' York Or of the United States or
j any State therein.
Nineteenth-Alice G. Vanderbllt, bis widow,
is appointed executrix, and his son, Alfred G.
\anderbilt, William K. Vanderbilt, Chauncey
M Depew and Edward W. Rossiter are ap
pointed executors, together with Reginald, who
may qualify as soon as he becomes of age
and it is provided that no commission or com
pensation shall be paid to any executor or
trustee for his services.
A codicil gives $200,000 additional to the
rector, churchwarden- and the vestrymen
: of St. Bartholomew's Church, to be in
vested and the annual income thereof to
be applied to the church missionary work
! of that parish.
! A second codicil bequeaths $1,000,000 ad
! ditional to his daughter, Gertrude V
Whitney, and $10,000 to John A. Peterson.
Senator Depew gave out the following
i statement regarding the action of Alfred
j Vanderbilt:
When Alfred Vanderbllt returned he decided,
| from brotherly affection and for family har
, mony, to take out of his own inheritance and
give to his brother Cornelius a sum sufficient
to, make the fortune of Cornelius the same as
that of his brother and sisters. This has
been accepted by Cornelius In the same spirit.
This action -was altogether voluntary, no
threats having been made. Of course' there
might have been a contest under the terms of
the will, but there never was a suggestion of
one. The whole thing was done in a most
beautiful, brotherly way.
The entire fortune is estimated to be
about $70,000.00n. When some surprise was
expressed at the smallness of the amount
Senator Depew said it was not strange
when it is remembered that Mr. Vander
bilt had been giving away perhaps half
of his income for the last twenty-five
years. The exact amount of the fortune
that is distributed will not be known un
til it is appraised by the State officials.
The inheritance tax will be very large
It is estimated by good authorities that
it will amount to at least $1,500 000
WOULD CAUSE THE
EXPULSION OF ROBERTS
ST. LOUIS. Oct. 26.-At to-day's session
of the Missionary. Council of the Prot
estant Episcopal Church Bishop Turtle of
Missouri asked permission to Introduce a
resolution This was accorded him and
he read the following, which he asked to
have adopted:
T-l' A u h i reaSl The P e °P'e of the 1 State of
have by their suffrages elected
Brlgham H. Roberts to be their renre
sentative in the Congress of the United
States, therefore, be it
"Resolved, That a memorial be for
warded by this Missionary Council to the
House of Representatives praying Its
y^nf/Si t0 / c *£ re by a concurrence of
two-thirds of their votes the expulsion
Bishop the presiding officer
that the council had met for a specific
Ninety Cents
You should not draw conclusions that
a hat for 90 cents will not wear, because
it will. .
Style is sacrificed to some extent, but
you get your value in quality. The
shapes are what is often seen, but there
are no "late' shapes among them.
That is one reason why the price is so
low.
Stiff and soft in all the usual colors.
tes.N.woopTcog#)
; \*W3y "713 MARKET sT*^ii2X
Out-of-town orders — write us.
DISAPPEARANCE
OF A WITNESS
New Sensation in the
Wilcoxson Case.
»
W. H. TOWNSEND IS MISSING
COULD GIVE VEBY IMPORTANT
TESTIMONY.
♦
Telegram Inquiring as to His Where
abouts Answered by a Person,
Unknown to Any of the
Principals.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 26.— Who is W. H.
Townsend of 118 Broadway, Oakland, and
where can he be found? This question
arose to-day in a side issue of the now
more or less famous Austin-Wilcoxson
case, and it is one which may have much
bearing on Miss Amanda Austin's claim
cf $150,000 against the estate of her de
ceased uncle. Fcr over two weeks the
battle has been fought in the courts, and
it was only to-day that the defense
opened its case. The effect of Miss Aus
tin's mass of testimony was to show that
twenty years ago her millionaire uncle, a
bachelor, sent for her to leave her home
at Carrollton, Mo., to care for him in his
old age, and that she performed this duty
with the utmost fidelity up to his.death, a
couple of years ago. The testimony ■ es
tablished the fact that Wilcoxson had told
various persons that he had $150,000 locked
up in his office safe in Sacramento which
was intended for Amanda, and that there
was a letter with the money addressed to
her making known the gift to her. Be
fore he died Wilcoxson deeded over to
.sixteen nephews and other relatives some
jaKj.ouO, but he left Amanda out of the
transaction entirely and out of his will,
explaining to various persons, according
to their testimony, that the money in the
safe, amounting to $150,000 in bank notes,
was exclusively hers, but that it was not
to be delivered to her until his death.
After his death the safe was opened and
the money found, but it is claimed that
there was no letter with it. The executor,
George Wilcoxson, refused to recognize
Amanda Austin's claim, and as no writing
was produced to prove it the money way
turned back into the estate to be divided
among the sixteen heirs, of whom, owing
to her omission from the will, Amanda
was not one.
The attorneys for Amanda Austin to
day produced a letter signed by W. H.
Townsend of Oakland stating that once,
while in YVilcoxson's office in Sacramento,
he saw the money and the letter ad
dressed to Miss Austin. He remarked to
Wilcoxson that the little safe was a !
strange place in Which to keep money,
and Wilcoxson replied:
"I'es, that is so, and It shows what
what great confidence I have in George," |
meaning George Wilcoxson, the executor, j
•'for it represents a legacy to one who has I
spent the better part of her life in my |
service and that letter contains my last
instructions to her."
Townsend added that there were cir- \
cumstances which could be recalled to
bear out his story. Miss Austin's attor
neys wired Townsend to come up imme
diately, but received no reply. Again he
was requested, and under date of the 24th
lnet wired that he would leave that night
cr yesterday morning sure. But he did !
I not come, and so another message was i
', s=ent. This la6t telegram elicited this re- j
i Ply:
•'OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Left last night on
! Oregon express. Have not seen him
since. MAUTALEN."
Who Mautalen is and what has become ;
i of the important witness are mysteries
in a case which has already developed
more than one sensational feature.
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.-W. H. Townsend
has been hunted for in Oakland for sev- '
eral days, but no one has been able to
flnd him. There are several telegrams
waiting for him. At the address given
851 Broadway, no one ever heard of him' '
It is a cigar store only and there are no j
facilities for lodgers.
GIRL STRANGLED IN
A SCHOOLHOUSE WINDOW
It Closed on Her Neck When She Was ■
Trying to Climb Inside.
OMAHA, Nebr., Oct. 26.— A special from i
Fort Dodse, lowa, says: A grewsome flnd
mem made this morning at the D. J !
Skinner schoolhouse, five mlleß south of
Manson. With her body hanging outside
of the window and the heavy window on
her neck was the lifeless form of Lavlnia
Fitzgerald, a 9-year-old girl. -^mia j
She had started for home the previous
night, but discovered that she had for
i gotten some books. She returned to set l
' them and, finding the door latched at
i tempted to get In through the window j
The heavy sash fell on her neck and the >
child was strangled to death.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"peerless"
OIL
COMPANY,
Room 47, Eighth Floor, Mills Building
(SEE OUR MAP).
CORRESPONDENCE. .
BAKERSFIELD,. Cal., Oct. 25, 1819.
Mr. John M. Wright, San Francisco,
Cal. . .
Dear Sir: Inclosed find clipping of 'this
morning's Echo. You will see that thi3
report* . takes in your land, and further
will say that they have got oil on N. "W.
M of Sec. 4 and S. W. hi of Sec. 32, and
that they are drilling on Sees. 30, 20 and
24, with good prospects. If you have not
made any arrangements in ; regard to
sinking. a well I would be pleased. to put
a machine on your land immediately. If
you do not want the trouble of attending
to getting your pipe hauled, etc., I can
do that for you, as I can hire it done by
teamsters that are doing that kind of
work. I would rather not contract to
furnish the same. - I will do your drilling
either for, $25 per day or $1 50 per foot for
first hundred feet, with 25 cents added for
each 50 feet after. - I will furnish my own
fuel and water. Tours, etc., ."
' •• F.M. CREIGHTON.
. •Refers to report of M. M. Ogden, field
expert of California Oil" Exchange.
I ANSWER— TELEGRAM. .
' SAX ' FRANCISCO, Oct.' 26, 1899.
Telegram sent October 26, -1899. - -
F. M. CREIGHTON, ' % • •
' The Arlington, Bakersfield, Cal: ■ ; ;
Second proposal in your letter of yes-
terday is hereby accepted. Well to be-
gin with nine five-eighths piping, you to
bore five hundred feet, but I to retain
option of stopping at any depth below
three hundred feet. Bunting will furnish
piping. Begin immediately. See letter
JOHN M. WRIGHT.
l : """•" ' '
• ■■■•• •■■•■•■•■•■■■■•••■••■■■■»»«■ ■»■•■■■«•• M11|||,,,,,, C|mHt
Ip^e JOE POHEIM'S I
j^_#| TAILOR-MADE j
|SF|Hj| ARE THE BEST.!
! ellli®*i«*nLA.lfi They wear the i
■ F-V^lr tiffS longest, are the 9
■ *\C6) Si CjJ £§■ most stylish, fit per- j
: »Si^^sJ^^ FA ISM Are made * y ex " :
■ t-U Wf pert taJ1 °rs- ;
• J^»2r^iiV t /.vr> ' Every Inch of j
•L ■ ' f ''jof!''' i ''i*E£iis' cloth is sponged be- j
• 771 st£i I llTrv ore making up. . ;
■ \\fSjfJpSWy^ Only the strongest [
: VV V '|/I/llrC. u _ threadwork and ex- :
! 7 s -J Jr '"C ' cellent lining used. •
i * ' TftlLOfv They are the de- \
i sirable kind — the
• suits you would be
; pleased to wear.
I 1110-1112 Market st. , .-•-.. -"-^
I 201-203 Montgomery I make the best
■ St.. San Francisco. suits for 25 per cent ]
: 1011 Washington St., less than other tail-
! Oakland ors. All-Wool Suits.
• 143 So. I Spring St., $15 50; - All - Wool
S hem Angeles. Pants, $4 £0.
*■'"' ■'■'•" -■ "-■-■■- ' : --: ■•.';;■"-';•"■ ••'.'••-.'- '""■'''"' : '.',,;,,;^,
| ..,
I will guarantee
jg| HB^^ that my Kidney Cure
Jg& will cure 90 per cent.
MB^^^^^^kS^ *' all forms of kidney
Mr KB complaint and in
' Pj9 s^flP man Instances the
W iS^-'^&iy most serious forms of
' l" t* ¥ l *sf- Bright's disease. If
■ A /'*&&?*[ the disease is com-
Tl >-jSMf plicated eend a. four-
ifl^^ KfiL ounce vial of urine.
We will analyze It
l[P^^Mp|^F«W and advise you free.
At all druggists. 2Be. a rial. Oold« to Health
awl medical advice free. 1608 Arch St.. Phlla. '
lniiJu"lrl It"
gS^t^msti RUPTURE.
Wsf\T/ ; I USE NO MORE IKON
BlSfea^^aH^ Hoops or Steel Springs.
JP^bß^^S^ Rupture retained with eas»
m^. y^mw&*r and comfort and thousands radi-
■ /eX* cally CURED by DR. PIERCES
i /»» Magnetic Elastic Truss. E7"Call at
\tasjT office or write for Xew Pamphlet
No. 1.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
620 Market St., opp. Palac« Hotel, San Francisco.
I EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists. , ;
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested In subscribing
• to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low as Jl will entitle
' donor to this daintily artistic volume
"FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
nave been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the '.ate Eugene Field
and the Fund for the build In* of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUYENIB FUND,
180 Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.) •
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. is inserted as
our Contribution. ~ -C
Bw m pa BL^te«s3
a g pi p^i Us a WSfk \%
rBOTMtArezB ■■ ■ MWM m ■ ■
Pft ]fl^ no> Lire 111 fHI I%T
fc^^l^ iII ALIQ
,s?^K!lw?9^% the new
! tm-isr ioth Day. «S- AilT y rlfkliunia
1 VITALIS '- othDiy /*L M DCIICnV
I'ROUICKS THE ABOVE SOth Day. nCtli 111
RESILTB. ltquicklyAsurelyremoYeiNervousness, Losses, Evil
Dreams, Wastuifc Diseases & all tSecti of self.»base or excesses *
Indiscretions. Restores Lost Vitality, Power A Failing Memory.
Wards off Insanity and Cnn«nmption. Cures wben all others fail.
Insist on having VITALIS, no other. Can be carried In vert
pocket. ByniailAl.OOcer package or sin for *."..«•«» with •
euar.nt.-e to Inre or Refoad the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALUMET CIRE CO., CS I Dearborn St., (hi<an
■ Sold in San Francisco and Oakland by the Owl Drug Co. . " •
WEEEL CAU
Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
iDEWEY'S GRATITUDE
FOR WASHINGTON HOME
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Frank A. Vanderlip, chairman of the Dewey
borne commission, has received the following letter from Admiral
Dewey:
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 2fl.— Dear Sir: I acknowledge the receipt
this day of tha title deeds to the beautiful house presented to mo by
my countrymen. My heart is full of gratitude to this overwhelming expression of
their regard for me, and I request that you will also accept and convey to
the commission my heartfelt thanks for your and their efforts. Very sincerely
your*, GEORGE DEWEY."
SCHLEY ALSO TO HAVE A HOME.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— A committee representing the Women's National
Industrial and Patriotio League and the Washington Industrial league called
upon Rear Admiral Schley to-night and informed him that the league had decided
and was ready to undertake the task of procuring by popular subscription a
home for him here at the Capita..
Th<- admiral thanked the ladies of the committee again Informed them
that he left matters in their hands, saying that anything they might do would
• ■ ■ tble.
The National League has about twenty-two branch organizations throughout
ountry. Mrs. Charlotte Smith, as chairman of the national committee, in
• '1 the admiral that all plans preparatory to going on with the work had
■ cted, and as he had accepted the offer of the Industrial Women, the
would I>«> put into active operation.
SUISSER IN COURT.
Application for a Change of Venue
Heard.
SALINAS, Oct. 2fi.— George Suisser, who
■ killed Sheriff Farley, was
Mrt this morning on an application
for ;i change of venue. The trial is set for
ad his attorney Is making
ibborn flcrht to have the enee tried
The grounds are bias, preju-
I demonstrations of vio
ihown; that the murderer
■ u-nounced from the pulpits of
New Store. New Goods.
Lowest Prices!
Latest Styles!
Will Be Found at 1146 Market Street.
Just received direct from the leading
manufacturers a large shipment of the fol-
lowing goods :
6 cases TAILOR-MADE SUITB, from 97.50 to 905
3 cases TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, from $3.00 to $20
4 cases GOLF CAPES, from $2.50 to $25
2 cases LADIES' PUR CAPES, from #5.50 to $75
8 cases CLOTH SKIRTS, from $3.00 to $30
i
Special Bargains !
800 LADIES* WRAPPERS, worth $1; will be placed on sale at
50c
400 LADIES' WIiAPPERS. worth J1.50; will be placed on sale at
75c
200 EMBROIDERED PLUSH CAPES, worth $3.50; will be placed
on sale at #l.f)<)
LADIES 1 COLORED SILK WAISTS will be offered at. ...54.50
LADIES' WHITE WAISTS JUST RECEIVED.
20 dozen LADIES' FLANNEL WAISTS will be offered at.... 50c
LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES, in pink, cardinal and blue; reg-
ular value for $1; will be placed on sale at 6."c
46-lnch BLACK CREPONS, regular price $1; will be offered at....
50c
CHEVIOT, 53 inches wide; worth $1.75;_wi1l be placed on sale at..
$1.25
J. 0 1RIEN & CO.,
1146 Market Street,
BET. TAYLOR AND MASON.
various churches: that the prisoner was
denounced by speakers at the County
Teachers' Institute, and many other rea-
Bona why he could not have an impartial
trial.
Sheriff Keef testified that the mob could
have captured him. He made the arrest
at 11 p. m., escaped the crowd, drove the
greater pnrt of the night in a buggy and
landed the prisoner in Jail the next morn
ing at 6:30 o'clock. Deputy church saw a
rope in the Courthouse yard, and ex
pressed the opinion there and asserted on
the witness stand that Suisser ought to
P. E. Zabala, District Attorney,
was also a witness of the murder and tes
fied that he tried to organize a mob.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
DR. CRANE ROASTS THE GOVERNOR IN
HIS REPORT ON ASYLUM CONDITIONS
Objects to "Pull" Methods and Explains by Saying
He Lost Respect for Gage When He Backed
Up the Candidacy of Burns.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 26.— Conflicting forces, i
•which promise to create a political |
storm, clashed at the last meeting \
of the trustees of the Agnews Asy- j
lum. Dr. J. C. Crane, the Gover- |
nor*s new appointee as medical super- j
Intendent, presented his first report. After
lambasting in general the management of
the institution under the previous admin
istration he referred to "pull" methods
which some Influence had attempted to
continue in vogue. When the doctor was
taken to task by some of the trustees for
his reflection on the political methods
which have marked the handling of asy
lum affairs and was asked whether or not
he was "standing in" with the power that
had given him the Job he struck out
straight from the shoulder, figuratively
speaking, and stated that while he was
a friend of the Governor and a Repub
lican he would not hesitate to say that he
did not approve of Gage's political meth
ods, more especially his efforts In behalf ■
of Dan Burns. There was no ambiguity
about the doctor's words and his nerve
In thus boldly expressing himself has
been the talk of the trustees ever since, j
Some of them are attempting to excuse
his assertions on the ground that he had
lost his temper during the opposition
shown to his report.
Dr. Crane has gone to his home at
Santa Ana since the outburst and has
not been called upon to make any ex
planations to the Governor. Following
are extracts from the report which start
ed the storm:
"At the risk of being misunderstood and
misinterpretation placed upon my words
I deem It my duty to very briefly call
your attention to a few of these objec
tionable features, some of which have al
ready been corrected and others will be
at the earliest possible moment. Through
out th^e entire institution I find ample evi
dence of there having existed laxity of
DIFFICULTY IN
SECURING ARMOR
Work on Warships Is
Delayed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The Navy De
partment has made public the report of
Rear Admiral Charles O'Neil, chief of
j ordnance. Admiral O'Neil goes at some
I length into the history of the present
difficulty in obtaining- armor suitable for
the new battleships and cruisers. Cun
| press last year limited the price cf armor
to $400 per ton. At this price no accept
able bids were received, but proposals
wt-re recently invited for armor for the
I three new battleships of the Maine class.
| the four harbor defense monitors of the
j Arkansas class and the three battleships
; and three armored cruisers. The total
; amount of armor necessary for the seven
i vessels authorized by act of Congress, ap
proved May 4, 189S, wa« 24,000 tons. Only
one firm put in a bid, and that at $450 per
> ton. It was ascertained on inquiry that
, these bidders had no manufacturing plant
: whatever, and the bid was not considered.
• The difficulty in quality and price of
! armor arose in the desire of the depnrt
-1 ment to secure plates of what is gener
j ally known as the Knipp process, which
! is deemed much more satisfactory than
I the face-hardened armor heretofore in
use on American warships. The con
tractors claimed that it was impossible
to supply this armor for $400 per ton. and
the department, in order to avoid a delay
Jn the completion of certain vessels al
i ready contracted for, was obliged to con
tract in August and September of this
! year for a comparatively small ■ amount
I of armor, aggregating 226S tons for the
vessels of the Maine class and for the
four harbor defense monitors.
There remain still to be contracted for
j 21.45S tons for the other vessels. In order
! not to delay the completion of the vessels
of the Maine class beyond contract date.
Admiral O'Neil says that it will be neces
sary to make contracts for the remaining
armor by January, 1900. He deplores the
suggestion that the ordinary face
hardened armor should be used in the new
vessels, and urges that the matter tnould
1 be laid before Congress as soon as it as-
Eembles, and that it be urgently requested
ito make such provisions in the early
| days of the session by joint resolution or
I otherwise as will enable the Navy De
partment to make contracts not Inter
■than January, 1900, for the best quality
'of armor that can be obtained. The same
■ should also be done, he says, for the tix
armored vessels authorized by the act of
March 3, 1899.
The Question of a Government armor
factory, he says, should have no bearing
uj.un the supply of armor for the Maine,
Ohio and Missouri, as it would be im
practicable, to obtain armor from such a
source In time to complete these vessels.
He says in conclusion that is it quite evi
dent that tho building of armored ships
of war must be soon discontinued by this
I Government unless the Vexed question of
I the supply and cost of armor can be ais
i posed of.
Admiral O'Neil notes that a new typo of
gun has been completed for the navy this
year and will be ready to test soon. It is
a fourteen-pound three-inch rapid-fire
I rifle intended as a part of the armament
!of the new "destroyers," and probably
will form an important part of th©
secondary battery of future battleships
and large cruisers. It is a particularly
powerful pun of its size, and is calculated
I to have a penetrating power of over an
inch and a half of Harveyized steel at
3000 yards.
Complete batteries, main and secondary,
| together with ammunition and ordnance
| outfits have been already sh.pped to
i Hongkong for the former Spanish vesmrts
Isla de. Luzon, Isla de Cuba and Don Juan
do Austria. There is an Interesting
paragraph devoted to automatic ana
machine guns. A new type, fully auto
j matic, three-pounder gun, has been tried
I with promising results. It has a possible
I fire of seventy shots per minute, com
pared with forty shots per minute for the
H-nii-automatic guns of the same type.
Mention Ib made in tho report of the
joint small arms board of the army, navy
and marine corps, which considered the
adoption of a uniform caliber rifle for (he
three branches of the service. Admiral
O'Neil says that while there Is no fault
to be found with their decision to adopt
the army caliber (.30) together with tho
Canular cartridge of the navy, owing to
the time that would be consumed in the
experiments with tho new cartridge, his
bureau has decided to adopt the army rifle
outright in the purchase of tho additional
guns now needed. The report says the
new smokeless powder now in üb« in the
navy is equal to the smokeless powder
now In use by any other country. The
estimates for the ensuing year are $6 -
503,124.
Rancher Badly Burned.
PETAI-UMA. Oct. 26.— C. C. Boysen, a
well-known rancher, was badly burned at
his home near this city this morning.
Boysen was aroused by the frantic cries
of his children and hurried to their room.
He found the bed and bedclothes ablaze
and the room filled with smoke. After
a hard battle Boysen succeeded in ex
tinguishing the flames, but not until he
had boen terribly burned about the head
and face.
discipline and good government which
cannot but be prejudicial to Its best and
highest Interests and that of the poor un
fortunates confine*! within its walls.
"Perhaps In no one direction has it been
so apparent as In the seemingly total ab
sence of mutual confidence and under
standirig between the executive head of
the institution and the assistant physi
cian, steward and the heads of other de
partments. The authority and counsel of
these latter officials seem to have been
quite generally Ignored, so that necessary
and clearly Indicated orders and instruc
tions have often failed to be issued, lest
they be countermanded at executive head
quarters. This lack of confidence and mu
tual concession and recognition could re
sult but in one way, namely, a breaking
down of all nice discipline and order and
a general discrediting of ail who could in
any manner be held responsible for such
a condition of things. This resulting con
dition has worked a great injury to some
good men and women who ought not to
have suffered on account of the loose rein
held over the institution. A few objection
able and inefficient employes seem to
have been retained in position by means
of what in common parlance has been
termed a 'pull,' the chief occupation of at
least one or two of them being that of
persistent 'soldiering.'
'There has also come to my notice the
somewhat loose and promiscuous distribu
tion of keys to the female wards, it even
being creditably established that one male
attendant has had one in his possession for
some time past. Viewed in the light of re
cent events, this latter fact cannot but be
a source of great distrust and anxiety,
and one that never should have been per
mitted to exist.
"Attendants and employes have from
time to time' been permitted unrebuked
to remain out late at night, returning in
some instances near the morning hours ut
terly unfit to discharge the duties of their
positions. They have also been allowed, to
a very great degree, the privileges of the
administration building, tho free use of
the telephone and constant access to the
superintendent's and assistant physician's
offices, all of which has caused much con
fusion and greatly disturbed the work of
those in and out of the wardß. But for the
WILL LOBBY ON
NATIONAL ISSUE
Temperance Union Ap
points a Committee.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., Oct. 2S.— Unless
something unforeseen should prevent it,
the next national convention of the
Women's Christian Temperance Union
Will he held in Washington, D. C. A sen-
timent practically unanimous in favor of
thut city exists in the executive commit
tee of the National Union, to which body
the convention delegated the duty of iix-
Ing a place and time for the convention
of 1900. A mooting of the executive com
mittee waii held to-day, at which the
committee gave expression, to its prefer
ence for Washington.
The matter linally rests, however, with
the president, Mrs. L. M. N. Stevens, and
the other general officers. This was done
because there are certain arrangements
regarding entertainment to be made be
fore the mutter is settled.
The executive committee transacted
probably more important business at its
meeting to-day than it has at any pre
vious meeting here. It was decided
among other tnings to maintain an active
lobby at Washington this winter in order
to prevent the seating, if possible, of Con
fressm&n Brigham I<\ Roberts of Utah.
Irs. F. D. Kills of New Jersey is the
regular lobbyist at the national capital.
The matter will be placed in her charge,
the general officers of the National Union
assisting in every way and furnishing
powder, so to speak, for her guns. It was
also decided that a number of prominent
W. C. T. U. leaders fihould assemble at
"Washington during the session of Con
gress to aid Mrs. Ellis In her work.
The matter of the extension of the or
ganization and its anti-liquor work In
Cuba, Porto Rico and • Hawaii was
brought up by President Stevens. It was
decided that steps should be immediately
taken by the general officers to effect an
organization in Cuba, Porto Rico and
Hawaii. No mention was made of the
Philippines.
SENATOR MASON MAY
RESIGN HIS SEAT
Then May Seek Re-election to Test
Public Sentiment Concerning
Expansion.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— William E. Mason
will resign his seat in the United States
Senate If the declarations of the Repub
lican national convention next year on
the question of the disposition of the
Philippines be of such tenor as to make
him feel he Is not in harmony with the
Republicans. Then he will be a candidate
before the Illinois Legislature for election
to succeed himself. By this method he
will test the sentiment of the people of
the State toward his views on national ex
pansion. He has at present no idea he
would be re-elected under such circum
stances.
For some time rumors have been cur
rent that Senator Mason contemplated re
signing from the Senate because of dif
ference between views held by him and
the views of the Republican party as rep
resented by President McKlnley with re
spect to the Philippines. The Senator was
asked to-day what truth there might be
in the rumors, and he replied:
"It Is true I have thought of resigning
and I am considering the matter, l have
spoken only to my family and some of
my close personal friends. If it be true
as so often alleged, that I no longer truly
represent my constituents, the Repub
licans of Illinois, lt.is only fair I should
surrender, to them my commission and
give them the opportunity to select In
my place some man who will truly repre
sent the.ir sentiments and opinions. If I
am not in line with the Republican party
1 should not continue to act as the Re
publican representative in Congress."
SHAMROCK IN JURY RIG.
Racing Mast Token Out nnd the
Yacht Fitted to Cross the Occam
NEW YORK, Oct. 26. -The racing mast
was taken out of the yacht Shamrock this
morning and placed In the barge Ulster.
The steam derrick Champion went along
side during the afternoon and put in the
jury mainmast and jigger mast. The sails
for the ketch rig: with which the Sham
rock will cross the Atlantic are to be bent
to-morrow and everything will be ready
for the yacht to sail on Tuesday in charge
of Navigator Hamilton.
The strengthening braces which were
taken out upon the Shamrock's arrival
have all been replaced, and quarters are
now being fitted up for the captains and
crew.
Sir Thomas Llpton will quit the Erin
next Tuesday, so that she may set out as
convoy for the Shamrock. Sir Thomas
will leave the following day on a White
Star liner. He says he cannot find time to
pay a visit to Chicago.
Irving and Terry Arrive.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— Among the pas
sengers who arrived to-day on board the
fact there were many faithful and trust
worthy employes, who carefully and
thoroughly attended to their duties and
remained at their posts, confusion and
ultimate chaos must have reigned every
where. I am pleased to state to your
honorable board that already there has
been a marked change for the better in
all departments and everywhere, and
from ail I find a hearty willingness to as
sist In bringing about a more healthful
and businesslike condition of affairs."
The doctor's report was to have been
! part of the report of the Board of Man.
; agers, consisting of Dr. J. R. Curnow, A.
Greeninger and O. A. Hale, but they re
fused to father the "pull" paragraph,
claiming that it was a reflection upon
I them and Governor Gage. A heated dls
i cussion followed, which wound up by the
usual rule being abandoned and" Dr.
Crane's report being received "all by Its
lonely,'" Dr. Curnow and Mr. Greeninger
• voting against making it any part of the
i trustees' records.
Mr. Hale was not exactly clear on the
; Bltuation and asked Dr. Crane if he was
I a Republican. The medico replied that ne
! was the genuine, true-blue article, but still
' Mr. Hale was suspicious and inquired if
! his Republicanism was tinged with silver
i or had a golden lining. Ihe doctor as
serted that he was a gold standard man
from the ground up.
"Then why In the name of common
Bense are you bucking up against the
Governor? In what respect does your poli
tics differ from his?" asked Hale. The
i doctor grew excited and his reply was to
i the point.
"I am a Republican and Governor Gage
!Is a Republican, and we are personal
■ friends, but his political methods are not
iof the kind which I approve. If you want
j to know in what particular let me tell
i you that his attempt to elect Dan Burns
United States Senator is what goes
against me."
Mr. Hale asked no further questions.
Dr. Curnow admitted this evening that
Dr. Crane had made statements reflecting
on the Governor in a political way, but
asserted that he believed the remarks
were made inadvertently while the doc
tor was mad over the trustees' reception
| of his reference to "pull" in the man
j agement of asylum affairs.
steamer Marquette from London were
Henry Irving and his company, compris
ing fifty-eix persons, among whom were
Miss Ellen Terry, Miss Ethd Clark, Frank
Tyars and Lawrence Irving.
MARITIME DISASTERS.
German Ship Erik Rickmers and the
French Bark Paramo Wrecked.
LONDON, Oct. 25.-The German ship
Erik Rickmers, Captain Wurthmann.
Bangkok, June S for Bremen, struck Scilly
Rock in a thick fog last evening and
foundered. All on board were saved. She
was a steel vessel of 1952 tons, hailing
from Bremerhaven.
The French bark Paramo, Captain
Jeannott, from Trinidad, August 31 for
London, is ashore at Scilly and is full of
water. Her crew has been landed. She
Is an iron vessel of 325 tons.
A Student Injured.
OAKLAND. Oct. 26.— Frank Ely, a stu
dent at Berkeley from Woodland, fell
from a Telegraph avenue car, at Twenti
eth street, to-night and fractured his
skull. He was treated at the Receiving
Hospital and his condition Is precarious.
I "Yeargood" overcoats fit ft
U as overcoats should, because 1
|- the y are P r °perly cut and |
■■§) We make them ourselves p
1 ~- what we say of themi s I
a based upon authorit y- An- p
1 Pit Wf / other feature of "Yeargood" 3
p ¥M Bii / overcoats is their very rea- M
<| . jM II! / sonable prices. They range' |
■1 ; .r JI. lli/.. from $12 50 to $2%, and each |
I |i 111/ price is low, considering .B
m W N°^ ne l eas t important . g
|j Bi feature is our repairing guar- §1
i antee that goes with every w]
, I overcoat. "Yeargood" explains it. I
I Boys' Reefer Suits. I
I We have several fine reefer suits, only in sizes 3 to 6 years.
IThey have been sold for 3. 25. $3.50, $3.75, $4.00 and $4.50 a suit, h
gg Patterns are brown and gray mixtures, neatly trimmed with soutache, m
H . Having only small sizes, we will sell the suits for .
/■ <&2< > 10 a suit. ig
*j Renumber, for boys from 3to 6 only. t • |
I fffi) s.n .wo oa gco (jjli) I
I \^ 718 MARKET ST |
v^ / Out-of-town orders filled — write us. I
NAVAL EXPERIMENTS
WITH MARCONI'S SYSTEM
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— Naval officers are looking forward with inter
est to the coming experiments the department is to make with the
Marconi system of wireless telegraphy. Arrangements have been made
between representatives of the Bureau of Equipment, of which Admiral
Bradford is the head, and Mr. Marconi, by which the department will
bear the expenses to which the inventor may be put in conducting the experi
ments. They are to be under the direction of a board of officers, of which Lieu
tenant Commander Newton and Lieutenants Hill and Bliss, all electrical ex
perts, are members. The cruiser New York and the battleship Massachusetts
are to be used for the experiments, the Navesink light station, on the New Jer
sey Highlands, being utilized as the shore station to which the messages will
be transmitted from the ships at sea. The first trip of the vessels to sea prob
ably will be made on Saturday as the apparatus necessary- for conducting the ex
periments will be made in all kinds of weather, at variable distances and while
the sea Is calm as well as rough, the purpose being to give the system a
thorough trial.
The offices of the department made a study of the experiments with the
wireless telegraphy during the yacht races, but as yet have made no official
report on the subject.
STEAMER ZURICH
HAS FOUNDERED
Entire Crew Believed to
Be Lost.
•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— Information has
reached here that the British steamer
ZurJoii, which sailed from Kovda October
12 for this port, foundered during a hurri
cane on October 21 at the Viglen Islands,
oft the west coast of Norway. It is added
that the captain was saved but it is
feared the crew has been lost.
The Zurich was of 1307 tons gross. She
was built in 1883 and was owned by Tur
ner, Brightman & Co. of London.
CHRISTIANA, Oct. 26.— Details of the
foundering of the Zurich have reached
here. It appears that when her fate was
evident the crew constructed two rafts.
The captain, three engineers, the second
mate and four negroes, with two dogs,
went with the first, and the mate, boat
swain, stoker, one white seaman and five
blacks with the second. Neither raft was
supplied with food or water and both were
buffeted by the waves for four days, the
crews starving.
The first raft was picked up near the
Bigton Islands on October 24, with only
the captain alive. The second raft wa3
washed ashore the following day, bearing
no trace of humanity except the corpse
of a negro.
ISTHMIAN CANAL
COMMISSION AT WORK
Will Probably Be Able to Present Its
Report in Time for Congress to
Act at the Next Session.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— The several
committees of the Isthmian Canal Com
slon are working daily at their rooms in
the Corcoran building:. All the members
of the commission which went to Paris
to Investigate the records and surveys
of the French Panama Company have re
turned to the city except General Ernst.
The advance survey parties sent to the
Isthmus are at work with the exception
of the party which is to examine the
routes below Panama, and it will be
dispatched shortly. The commission it
self will not leave the United States until
December. The members will make a
personal inspection of all the suggested
routes, those not heretofore completely
surveyed as well as the Nicaragua and
Panama routes. It is believed that this
examination will consume at least three
months, so that the commission will not
return to the United States until March.
But Inasmuch as all the preliminary work
in connection with the treaties, contracts,
examination of official surveys, etc., Is
being done in advance, the commission,
upon its return, can begin the preparation
of its report immediately
"I think we will be able to submit a
report," said Senator Pasco to-day, "In
time for Congress to act at the approach
ing session."
MORE TROUBLE WITH
COWBOYS EXPECTED
PHOENIX. Ariz., Oct. 26.— Acting Gov
ernor Akers to-day received a telegram
from Ben Williams at Bisbee In regard to
the situation on the border. Mr. Williams
says that the cowboys are determined to
liberate their companion Marks, and an
other fight is expected In case the Mexi
can authorities attempt to take Marks
away from the Naco jail for trial.
A troop of the cavalry from Fort Hua
chuca is now camped on the border to pre
vent further trouble between the cowboys
and Mexican guards.
Training Ship at St. Thomas.
ST. THOMAS. D. TV. 1., Oct. 28.— Th«
United States training ship Alliance, from
Tangier and Madiera, has arrived at toi»
port.
POLITICAL.
REPUBLICAN
Grand Rally!
Metropolitan Temple.
Saturday Evening,
OCTOBER 28th.
Senator Geo. G. Perkins,
Hon. Irving M. Scott
AND OTHER EMINENT SPEAKERS WIUi
ADDRESS THE MEETING.
THE KNICKERBOCKER QUARTET WIIA
SINO.
Seats reserved for iadles and escorts.
CITED CITIZENS !
All citizens who have RE-
CEIVED POSTAL CARDS to
show cause why THEIR NAMES
SHOULD NOT BE CANCELED
from the Register can call at the
REGISTRATION OFFICE be-
tween 9 A. M. and 10 P. M.
J. STEPPACHER,
Registrar of Voters.
FOR
MAYOR
HORACE DAVIS,
REGULAR
REPUBLICAN
NOMINEE.
FOR COUNTY CLERK,
11 A. DEANE
(Present Incumbent,)
REGULAR REPUBLICAN NOMINEE,
FOR SUPERVISOR,
CHARLES BLISS,
Regular Republican Nominee.
FOR DISTRICT ATTORNEY,
LEWIS F. BYINGTON,
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE.
IF YOU WANT THE DEAD RE-
SPECTED VOTE FOR
C. C. O'DOINNELL
FOR CORONER,
34
%est
JEFF SAYS
PACE WILL BE
A HOT ONE
Sailor Comes Back Remarking
" All Heavyweights Look
Alike to Me."
Pl"clal Dispatch to The Call.
ASBURY PARK. N. J., Oct. 26.— Day
day Jeffries' condition seems to im
prove and to-night his trainers said that
he would be ready next Friday night to
put up the best battle of his life. This
morning was spent as usual— on the road
—and when the champion returned to his
camp, after a hard run from Long
h, he was thoroughly rubbed down.
Contrary to custom, Jeffries did not
spar with "Tommy" Ryan this afternoon.
He had intended boxing six rounds with
the Syracuse middleweight, but owing to
a slight wrench in his neck, which was
received yesterday while wrestling with
Roeber. it was thought best to refrain
from this exercise. Jeffries, however,
i d three hard games of handball with
Ryan and later punched the bag and dklp
■ ihrte-quarters of an hour.
while little at the conclusion of
the exercit I his wind was better
■ re.
ries said that when fighting he al
seemtd to gain strength as the bat
hed and anticipated the same
of affaire when ne rights Sharkey.
rill not bet a dollar on himself.
a; ho is afraid of losing money, but
- he thinks the tight will bring
him r.is!i . nough to last him for some
"I will appear in the ring at Coney Isl
and and • key on the night of
November ;<. 1 recognize Sharkey's strong
- an I 1 fcx lieve he will put up a stiff
Ing in best possible condi
tion and stronger than I ever was at any
"If Sharkey offers a close fight the con
test will be a bitter but not an extended
one. We aro botti heavy men and likely
to go a hot pace. For this reason, if
Sharkey puts up an aggressive tight, I do
not believe the battle will last as long
Fitzslmtnona light.
"W not I will knock Sharkey
out i:: •me. two, or six rounds, or Sharkey
will knock me out in* any given number
of rounds, is entirely a matter of con
jecture. It is idle to speculate on the
of a fight. A knockout blow may
it any time.
"I eve, however, if Sharkey
• me that this contest will go to
the limit. Be that" as it may. our train
tinae is nearly over and the question
will 1. There is but one
word ni<>ro — 1 am prepared for the issue."
JAMES J. JEFFRIES."
tNKWDORP, Staten Island— Here Is
Sharkey says:
"Jeffries is a nice fellow. He's a big
he's a clever man. Well, I've
men and I've met clever men.
Th< j '-. 1 alike to me. I've met
all. I've met him and he's the
: that ever gained a decision over
me. 1 know him and I think I'll more
than square accounts when we pet Into
. Ing. Mind you. I'm not boast-
I think I'll win and that's all
to it."
Betting in This City.
g on the forthcoming meeting
arkey anil Jeffries in New York has
• In this city. The prevail
-10 to 7 with Champion Jeffries
rite.
The <"Ids nre not expected to change
much from these figures, aa each man
■ la stanch admirers. Later
on the dig bettors will commence to play
•,;nt.s and the figures may shift
lorbett haa handled over $3000 to
which is an indication that, as the
battle draws near, the play
will become unusually heavy.
trary to expectations Jeffries Is in
d in the mutuels. Or.t of
Fortj 'Vllar tickets sold thirty
■ en <>n Bharkey.
The Mnall bettors pick Jeffries to win bo
i\e gone half the distance
for which they are scheduled.
BREAKS WORLD'S RECORD.
Prince Alert Sets New Mark for
Pacers on Kalf-Mile Track.
BETHLEHEM, Pa., Oct. 2*5.— The world's
pacing record for a half-mile track was
a twice by Prince Alert here to-day
in the '.•oncltJding event of the Pennsyl
vania Fair Association's fall meeting.
Tho weather was fine, the track fairly
good ajiri with comparative ease Prince
Alert paced tho first mile In 2:06^4
d out by Democracy, and the third
neat in 2:06 fiat, Mart being on his heels
at the finish. In the second heat Prince
Alert bmke soon after the start nnd with
losing his hopplos, Mart had
it his own way until the last quarter,
which Prinoe Alert Ftepped In thirl v
ends and won by a length in 2:12 1 4. The
ous record over a half-m:!<
track was 2:06%, which was estabi
by Prince Alert at Allentown, Pa,, on
-L last.
'xxszamaamamoakmmaaamiaas,\im\mm\\\m\m*nm'mm»
Dependable Drugs
Medicinal
Goods
Let others ask big profits—
its their conceded privilege,
undisputed heritage.
We are busy serving the
masses — and those of the classes
who are provident and practical.
The Owl's regular prices:
Mellin's — la/ge 55c
'Eskay's Food ; 2oc
Hood's Sarsaparilla 75c
Ayer'sSarsaparilla 75c
Baker's Sarsaparilla 75c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Allen's Female RestoreF 70c
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Mermen's Powder . 15c
Pierces Prescription 75c
Pierces Discovery 75c
,Anita Cream 40c
Cuticura Remedies — full set 95c
•Cascarets ioc,-2oc, 40c
Abbey's Salts 20c, 40c, 85c
I Carter's Little Liver Pills 15c
Sozodont 20c
Free delivery to railroad points within
100 miles on 'orders of $5 or up,
l J. pate "^ <<^^
/^§V 1128 MARKET ST.
fTP*DtwI»»S ■" ' BA.N FRANCISCO
10th and BROADWAY, Oakland
Sporting Svents prom All Over the l&orld.
SOCIALIST
PROVES TO
BE A CLAM
Beaten by Snips, a Rank Out-
sider — Favorites Out of
Luck at Oakland.
Of the several upsets at Oakland yester
day none occasioned more surprise than
the overthrow of Socialist, 2. t0 5 favorite
for the third event,, a seven furlong run,
by Snips. Twelve to one was laid against
the outsider, and* after Mounce, who rode
the mare, had trailed Lost Girl and So
cialist into the stretch, he made a well
timed move, beating the first choice a
length. Had Songer, on the favorite,
shaken off Lost Girl earlier In the game
It is just probable he would have scored.
Petal nosed Lost Girl out for show hon
ors.
It was somewhat of a tempestuous af
ternoon all around for favorites, Ollnthus
and Alicia being the only ones to earn
brackets. Don • Luis, almost neglected,
captured the last event at odds of 10 to 1.
For the first number, a five furlong
scramble, Songer, astride the 7 to 10 fa
! vorite, Olinthus, took a dying chance in
I the stretch, and, getting through next the
' rail, downed the 60 to 1 shot, Monda; half
a length. The Offering ran third.
TVhaleback, 6 to 5 favorite for the seven
furlong run following, had his colors low
ered by O'Connor, the ■second choice,'
piloted by Ward. Thorpe, on the first
choice, waited on O'Connor until a fur
long from home, when he put in his bid.
In a long, hard drive Caesar Young's
gelding stalled off the challenge, getting
the verdict by a head. Meadow Lark,
under hard urging, finished third.
The giant Silver Bullion once more suf
fered defeat in the six furlong spin for
two-year-olds. He was heavily backed to
beat Essence, but the Burns & Water
house youngster made all the running,
winning with a wet sail. Bullion was
kept busy the last hundred yards beating
out Expedient for the place.
Form Moore's useful mare, Alicia, fa
vorite in the ring at odds of 8 to 5, took
the mile and a sixteenth free handicap
after a hard drive from Ringmaster. Rio
Chlco led until nearing the paddock, when
the two horses mentioned passed him and
he landed in the show.
Uncertain Horton had first call in the
betting on the concluding six furlong sell
ing affair, but seems to be of little ac
count, never being a contender. Don Luis,
a vastly improved horse, overtook Tib
uron in the run to the wire, winning out
by a length. Old Libertine ran a close
third. ■
Track Notes.
Billy Magrane will start for California
shortly with a stable of eleven horses.
headed by Whaterlou, Mary Kinsella and
Montgomery.
Nine bookmakers cut in yesterday. The
Dewey Club and Ed Kripp retired.
The Burlingame Club cup race, to be
decided on Saturday, is exciting much
attention, especially in society circles,
where the gentlemen who will don the
: colors 011 Saturday are prominent Ilgures.
i The ensemble will be as follows; Roaal
\ bra 160, Mr. Dunphy; Billy McCloskey 155,
Mr. I'aß.^; Una Colorado 150, Mr. Tobin:
Monrovia ir-2, Mr. Poett; O'Connor 133,
Lieutenant Hatnes. The distance will be
one mile, with a bandsome silver cup to
I be presented to the successful rider.
j Some months ago "Daggle" Smith sold
Don Luis for a song, his rare supply of
horse-sense telling him the horse wm >>f
no account. In yesterday's race Horton.
I starting favorite, ran unplaced, while Don
1^:1=; won in racehorse f;i°hi>>rt.
Following are to-day's entries:
First — Five-eichths of a mile, selling;
two-year-olds; purse: ■ }.'■?>'.
103 Gundara 105 1.73 Illllouette ... 105
217 Allanette 105 203 Corolla / 105
187 Gross .105 203 Ella de Poy 105
IS3 Palapa 106 ... Gold Finder ....105
! ...Aborigine 106 172 Loyta 105
j ... Hyponox 108 203 Jolly Briton ....105
Second — Futurity course, selling; three
year olds:
... Roma 104 191 Sidelong 104
... Vlnctora 104 214 The Offering.:. .lo4
' 209 Modwena 104 ...Ann Page 104
: 214*Monda ..104 192 Bonlbel 104
i 167 Alturos 104 183 Jade McCabe ...104
Third race— One mile, selling; four-year-olds
and upward:
... Dr. Bernays ....103 ' 205 Glen Ann 103
i (201)Castake 103 210 Be Happy 99
• V.16 Sorrow 103 207 Reolla 103
20S Charles le 8e1... M
Fourth Five-eighths of a mile, selling:
two-year-olds: .
'206 Allenna 100! 209 Bamboulla 108
(lS7)Hallfax 98; 198 Druldess 105
164 The Scot - 106 1(107) Rachel C 109
... Miss Sophie ..... 95 ... Gllssando 108
... Silver Tail 103 198 Daniel 98
Fifth race— Seven-eighths of a mile, selling;
three-year-olds and upward:
(lS2)Katle Gibbons.. 98 (213)Roslnante 107
103 Cromwell 113 ... Torslda 104
204 Lothian 93 1 ... Sly ...:. 104
Sixth — One mile, selling; four-year-olds
and upward:
(145)Oppbnent 93 (190) Lode Star 103
Mamie G 103 199 Wyoming 103
Mike Rico 107 195 New Moon 69
Selections for To-Day.
First race-rCorolla, Gundara, Loyta.
Second race— Modwena, Noma, Jack McCabe.
Third race-iCastake, -Glen Anne, Dr. Bernays.
Fourth race— Rachel C, Daniel, Bamboulla.
Fifth race— Cromwell, Roslnante, Torslda. *
Sixth Opponent, Wyoming, Lode Star.
HIGH SCHOOL BOYS TO RACE.
The Annual Relay of the Academic
Athletic League Will Be Held
To-Morrow.
The annual twcnty-five-milo relay race
of the Academic Athletic League will be
held to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock over
a course starting from High street. Fruit
vale; thence to San Leandro. twice
around the San Leando triangle and back
to High street. There are six teams en
tered, from the following schools: Cen
tral High of Oakland, Polytechnic High,
Lowell High and California School of Me
chanical Arts of this city. San Jose High
and Berkeley High School. The teams
3 follows:
First relay— Rose. C. H. S. ; McKenney, p.
H. S. ; SoHwky, L. AT. S. ; Hartley, B. It 8'
Hellolf, B. J. H. S. ; Amos, < \ s. M. A.
irecond relay — Leach, C. H. S ; Boiren P
H S. : Peltier, L. H. S. ; Hali, B. H." S.j
Oi.'ton. S. .1. H. S. : Sullivan, O. S. M A
Third reluy— McKay, C. H. S. ; Rodgfrs, P
H. e>. ; Mayo. U H. S. ; Lamb, B. H S •
McDonald, B. .T. H. S. : Herman. C. S. If. A..
Fourth relay— Hampton. C. H. S ; Sunker
P. H. S. ; Sachs. L. H. S. : Cruschke. B. h'
S. ; Lftcber, B. J. H. S.; Thelln, C. S. M. A
Fifth relay— Bernayß, C. H. 8.: Davldßon
P. H. S. ; Millar. L. H. S. : Irwln, B. H 3 •
Downing, B; J. H. B.) «'avatiaußh, C. 8. M. A,
The trophy Is a silver cup, to be won
three tlrtu-s before finally becoming the
property of a school. It has been won In
previous races once each by the Central,
Lowell and Berkeley schools.
The officials of the race will be: W. L.
Loos, referee; J. Whitney, starter, R. A.
C. ; judges— Cadogan, U. C. ; Voltz, B. H
S.; F. Kane. R. A. A.; timers— Roth, R.
A. C; Moore, C. H. S.; Kaeding, C. S
M. A.
Tho race Is run under the rules of the
Associated Cycling Clubs.
The entries for the association's ten
mllf annual, handicap closed last night,
and are in the handtcappcr's hands. He
will announce his allotment of starts to
day.
The Olympic Club's big outir.K at Es
calles will be held on Sunday, and ar
rangretnents have been made for an im
metiße crowd.
To-night the Bay City Wheelmen will
tender a reception at their clubhouse to
Arthur F. Lundberg. a member of the
club, who was with the First California
Regiment at Manfla.
CUP OWNER WANTED.
TORONTO, Oct. 26.-The Royal Cana
dian Yacht Club would like to know
what to do with the Canada's cup, won
by the Genpsee last August. It is still in
the possession of the club. The. club has
not received instructions as to forwarding
it, and it is possible that it may be
handed over to the Rochester Tacht Club
THE SAN FBANCISCO CAJLL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Thursday, October 26, 1899.—Twenty
ninth day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club.
Weather fine. Track fast.
to which the Genesee belongß, and by the
Rochester yachtsmen to the Chicago
Yacht Club, the challengers in the inter
national contest.
Martin Outrides Sloan.
LONDON, Oct. 26.— At the Newmarket-
Houghton meeting to-day the Bretby
Nursery handicap was won by Klllarkin,
ridden by J. Reiff. St. Millicent finished
second. Jouvenio, with Sloan up, and
Lefu ran a dead heat for third. Betting
8 to 1 against Killarkin and 2 to 1 against
Jouvenio.
Nippon won the third welter handicap.
Martin finished second on Sea Fog (7 to
10). Korosko (100 to 4), Sloan in the Bad
die, was unplaced.
Martin was reported to the stewards
by the clerk of the scales for failing to
weigh In on Sea Fog. Sea Fog was dis
qualified, thus giving the second place to
Lord Earnest and third to Sacripant.
Martin won the Houghton handicap on
Ailyar (3 to 1). Elfin, ridden by Sloan,
was unplaced. Betting 7 to 1 against
Ellin.
The Dewhurst Place handicap resulted
in a victory for Democrat (5 to 1), ridden
by Sloan.
Germanicus, ridden by L. Reiff, won a
2-year-old selling plate. Sloan took sec
ond place with Golden Horseshoe. Can
deros was third. The betting was 2 to 1
against Horseshoe.
Free handicap sweepstakes waa won by
Chosen. Sloan rode Sibola, unplaced. The
betting was 11 to 10 on Sibola.
v•; ,";■'.. '• -I. ''■&$JKkWBBB&$: :: " ":^^ (To Pfofcct our wholesale trade we fill no retail mail orders.) •^Swßlffl^H
]«ii3al% TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW JjiJlllK
FP^^^&\ /^& AINJLJ IU-IuUKIiU W Wo^WMwi
Ig%MM I/iP%^ "^k From ° to ! o>clock -
girg^ L____^|l s-^rW&z&Pfi ageS t0 ' 10 y ears » in heav V all-woo! Blue Kersey; also
S\ PJ- 1 1^) nS|l -^^T_ >_JJ m Brown Tweed; in Astrakhan and Chinchilla;
Ifl^^ss*^ I L=n some with velvet and others with large sailor collars. /d^%
ffl|f|jjgjj^jL^^^j^y -*^ UNIFORM Pff/CE OF jP M j-* 1^ 1|
TO^Ji-^*^^ '-'i '^' v^-^^^^^»r These, with the Boys' ULSTER '8 to 20) nnd the long pants suit ■>v'av lU^
P~.T^^r*^^^^^^^^^^ Ssjfflfflß^ (10 to 20), also $7.50 values at $4 and $5, are splendid examples HHS| ■ < IHplI
j&QI^M f*w^^ of wna t I* possible in selling "from mill to man direct." \; t ,1 ;;■--- — ks=l 11^^ j^^CZ^l
™ 121"IE36ansome 51". nr.Pine
DOGS OF THE
COLONIES TO
COURSE HERE
Entered in the Big Stake at
Ingleside Park This
Week.
The open stake which forms the card
. at Ingleside Coursing Park this week at
: tractod an entry of eighty dogs. Three
greyhounds from the colonies will go to
; the slips for the first time and their run
; ning will be watched with interest by
local followers of the sport. The dogs are
entered in the name of J. McEnroe. J.
| Dean's Connemara will be among the
contenders, as will be several of the
Olaira from the kennels of Russell. Allen
, & Wilson. The stake is of good class
I throughout. The prizes aggregate J7OO,
the winner of each course getting some
thing. Tho draw last night resulted as
i follows:
i r °i >en r,., Btake - elßhty <J°*b-B. M. Kellosg's
Lady Gllmore vs. J. McEnroe's Magic Circle 1
E. M. Kelloegr's Sweet Emma vs. D. Dillon's
FOOTBALL
PLAYED BY
FRESHMEN
Young Representatives of the
Two Big Universities Meet
Here To- Morrow.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 26.-
Football interest is centered in the annual
intercollegiate game to be played with
the Berkeley freshmen in San Francisco
Saturday.
The coaches are doing all in their power
j to bring home a victory to Stanford, while
! the players are eager for the fray. The
I cardinal's prospects were never better.
! If the men play up to the standard they
'■■ have attained In their preliminary matches
I victory should be within their reach. The j
I men who will compose Stanford's baby
! team this year are aggressive r-nd will- 1
1 ing workers, but lack the average
preparatory experience of former fresh
men teams. Not more than half of them
knew anything of the game before they
entered college. This may account for
the admirable spirit which they have
shown throughout the season, and may
! prove advantageous rather than other
-1 wise.
Raitt, the gritty little quarterback and
captain, is one of the few veterans of the
team, having learned the game while
§ laying with his High School team in
an Bernardino. Roberts and Crowell,
I respectively fullback and tackle, are both
■ from Belmont, where they gained a
j knowledge of the rudiments of the game.
Of the center trio Lee is the only man of
experience, having played several years
on an academy team in the East. Mc-
Fadden, at tackle, is new to the game,
but partially makes up for his lack of
knowledge by hie fierceness and strength.
Davis and Geer, at the ends, are both
new to their positions, leaving these
places probably the weakest points on
the team.
The backs have been weakened by the
injury of Roberts, fullback, and Sm;tn,
halfback. The former is suffering from
an injured shoulder, while the latter haa
an equally bad knee. If these iwo men
are not ablo to play in to-morrow's game
it will reduce Stanford's chances of a
victory. Among the substitutes are
Johns, center; Campbell full; P. Parker,
and Willot, halfs, and Luck, end. Tne
following are tne men as they will,prob
ably line up and the weight of each:
Lee, center, 185 pounds; Barnhlsel,
right guard, 180; Traeger, left guard, 193;
McFadden, left tackle, ISS; Crowell, right
tackle, 165; Davis, left end, 150; Geer and
Luck, right ends, 165 and 155; Smith, left
half, 156; Narramore, right half, 165;
Roberts, fullback, 163, and Raitt (captain)
150.
BERKELEY, Oct. 26.— The freshman
football Equad at Berkeley from which
Saturday's team will be chosen, is made
up as follows: Dibblee and Hudson, ends;
Robertson, Saeltzer, Gammon and Mlnni,
backs; Valentine and Jones, fullbacks;
Sabichl and Edwards, centers; Holley
and Cook, guards; Fox, Smith and Bund
schu. tackles, and McLain (captain),
quarterback.
The men have lined up against the big
eleven every day this week and are show-
Ing good form. Cochran and Kelley have
been putting on the finishing touches for
the last two or three days.
Casfle Island Boy; W. C. Qlasson's Joy Bells
vs. K. Baumelster's Warrior; W. C. Qlasson'a
Happy Thoucrht vs C. Hunter's Menlo; P.
Reilly's Expense vs. B. easterly's Ixidy
Blanche; J. Mooney's Silent Treasure vs. Lowe
& Thompson's Flora McDonald: F. Chambllss*
Rooklio l^lle vs. P. M. Clarkson's Blackhawk;
H. A. Deckelman's Glen Cliloe vs. J. MeCor
mlck's Primrose; I>jwe & Thompson's I'atria
vs. J. Watkina' Still True; Russell. Allen &
Wl'.con's Palsy Clalr vs. t>. Shannon's Sou
brttte; Murphy & Toland's Tea Rose vs. C.
I>-vv's Babe Sheridan; D. Shannon's Sulsun
vs. H. A. Deckelman's Flyaway; H. A. Deck
elman's Mlra Monte vs. J. Ronning's Dempsey
liGss; J. McEnroe's Northwest vs. \V. C. Glas
sjon's Terronlte; 11. A. Deckelman's Rocker vs.
B. Wood's Blacknlght; R. Tiernan's Hadiwlst
vt". T. J. McHugh's Moss Rose; Lowe & Thomp
son's St. Oran vs. J. Dean's Baldy; R. Julian's
Sweet Music vs. M. Duienan's Dewey; T.
Rodgers" Olga vs. Connell Bros." Maxny Pleas
ant; D. Shannon's Safeguard v«. J. Dowd's
9hootover; J. Norton's Cadenza vs. Kay &
Tram's Hawker; J. Collins' Matchless vs. T.
J. Cro&ln'l Arab; J. Byrnes' Nellie B vs. Kay
A Tram's Sir Rothwfll; D. Ford's Anita vf>.
\V. C. Olafson's Miss Manila: S. Moore's Rocks
vs. R. E. de B. Lopez' Oreen Valley Maid;
Murphy & Toland's Twilight Jr. vs. Connell
Bros.' St. Helen; O. F. Peterson's Cotati King
vs. D. O'Connell's Satan; Conuell Bros.' Log
Boy vs. J. McKnroe's Admiral Sampson; T. J.
Cronln's Rose of Tralee vs. Vf. Trade's Wan
dering Tt>m; E. Canserly's Silence vs. Russell,
Allen & Wilson's Belle Clalr; T. J. Cronin's
Iron Dukn vs. E. Baumelster's Winning Ways;
J. Norton's La Ooleta vs. H. Lynch's Mystic
Maid; C. A. Wylle's Gaslight vs. J. Dean's
Connemaxa; E. M. Kellogjg's Hummer vs. D.
Dowpt's Sarcastic; J. Maher's Benicia Boy vs.
T. Farming's Bab« Murphy; H. A. Deckelman's
Snapshot vs. D. Ford's Bonlta; J. McCormack's
Halrbrain vs. T. J. Cronln's Maid of Ball; T.
J. McHußhs Maid of the Mill vs. Connell
Bros." Senorita; J. Dowd's Clifton Lass vs. D.
Ford's Juanlta; J. Hurley's O X Capitol vs,
J. Henley's Star of Cuba.
A special meeting of the Ingleslde
Coursing Club was held after the draw.
It was determined to abandon the cus
tomary meeting on the plains of Merced.
To replace this a special stake for large
prizes will be run at InKleside next
month. It is expected to attract the best
of the dogs in training. Preliminary steps
were taken In preparation for the annual
banquet, which has always been one of
the most noted gatherings of coursing
men each year.
Speaking Kindly.
His "Wife^What do you think of the
biscuits?
Himself— Well, there Is no denying their
solid merit. — Indianapolis Journal.
PULLS HIS
HORSE AND IS
FINED FOR IT
Excitement During the 2:15
Class Trot at the Los
Angeles Races.
• Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 2%— The first heat
in the 2:15 class here to-day was a dead
one between Fanny Putnam and
Dictatr&ss. Putnam won the second heat
by half a length from Dictatress, and
could have won the third had not Driver
Jeffries pulled her up so hard In the
stretch that he barely escaped falling
from the "bike." The trick cost him 150
and all bets on the heat were declared off.
Putnam finished third. Dictatress won
the fourth heat by half a length from
Putnam. The fifth and sixth heats were
won handily by Putnam.
Toggles won the free-for-all trot In
straight heats. Ellert being a good sec
ond. Boodle was distanced in the first
heat.
Ned Dennis, the favorite In the five fur
longs, captured first money from Steel
Diamond, who was second choice In the
betting.
The Los Angeles Derby went to Fortis.
a 6 to B chance. It looked like Rev del
San Juan, the favorite at even money,
and Alaria until the stretch, when Fortis
forged ahead and won under a drive by
half a length from Rey del San Juan, who
beat Alaria by a clean length.
Amasa was an odds-on favorite In. the
five furlong selling event, and went out
for the money at the flag. He was never
headed, and won easily.
Viola won both heats In the half-mile
and repeat, being the only horse handled
by a professional rider. The mounts on
the rest of the bunch were amateurs.
Summaries:
Pacing, 2:15 class, three In five; purse, $1000.
Fanny Putnam (Jeffries) • 1 8 2 1 1
Dictatress (Kent) • t I 1 2 3
Dlawood (Holmes) 8 8 1 8 8 2
Sophia R (Vance) 4 4 4 4*!
•Dead heat. tDrawn.
Tlme-2:134. M 3, 2:16, 2:12%, 1:16, 2:16.
Trotting, free for all. three In five; purse,
$2000.
Toggles (Clarke) 11l
Ellert (Yon Bokkelen 4 2 2
Dlone (Blue) 2 13
Prince Gift (Kent) — . 3 4 4
Boodle (Bunch) ~. •
•Distanced.
Time— 2:11. 2:12. 2:12%.
Five-eighths of a mile, two-year-olds, purse
$250— Ned Dennis, 105 (Piggott), 1 to 2, won;
Steel Diamond. 110 (Sullivan), 3 to 2, second;
Tanoke, 105 (Fauntleroy), 6 to 1, third. Time,
1:01%. Pictou and Leonden also ran.
Los Angeles Derby, mile and a half, for
three-year-olds, a cup and $500 added— Fortli,
104 (Enos), 6 to 5. won; Rey del San JuaiL 9*
(Stewart), even, second; Alaria, 104 (J. Plg
gott) 7 to 5, third. Time, 2:34V4- Ellen Wood
and Deluge also ran.
Five furlongs, all ages, purse $250 — Amasa,
114 (Sullivan), 1 to ♦, won; The Miller, 104
(Stewart), 6 to 1, second; Jim Brownell, 109
(Gilbert), 5 to 1, third. Time. 1:00%. Beau
mnnde. Somlp. Prince S, Bliss Rucker and Cas
telar also ran.
Ponies; half a mile and repeat; purse, $150.
First heat— Viola, 170 (Joe Weber), 2 to 5,
won; Red Jacket. 160 (Parker), 6 to 1, second;
Nancy Lee, 14S (Lovell). 6 to 1, third. Time,
:MM>. Gertrude, Golden Slipper and Lady
Betty also ran.
Second heat— Viola 170 (J. Weber), 1 to 5,
won; Red Jarket. 160 (Parker), 4 to 1, second;
Nancy Lee, 14S (Lovell), 6 to 1, third. Time,
:MVi. Gertrude, Golden Slipper and Lady
Betty also ran.
BOOKMAKERS HARD HIT.
Lose $10,000 on a Horse That Was
Bought by a Stable Hand for $6.
CHICAGO. Oct. 26.— A big killing was
made in the Harlem ring to-day on Henry
of Frantsmar, a horse that not long
ago was sold to a stable hand for $6. He
won the second race handily and it is
estimated the ring lost nearly $10,000.
Bennevllle, who it was thought would not
run in the mud, won the mile and a
quarter race in a big gallop. Raining;
track heavy. Results:
Six furlongs— Eva Wilson won. Flirtation sec
ond. Matchbox third. Time, 1:17 V
Seven furlongs — Henry of Frantsmar won,
David second. Scandland third. Time, 1:33.
Six furlongs—Harry Duke won. Banish sec
ond. Peace third. Time, 1:17.
One mile and a quarter — Benneville won, Mo
roni second. Double Dummy third. Time, 2:12^4.
Five furlongs— Lady Curzon won, Iznek sec
ond, Inlook third. Time, 1.04%.
One mile and seventy yards — Chancery won,
Pat Garrett second, Sunburst third. Time,
1:50V4.
NEW YORK, .Oct. 26.— One of the biggest
crowds of the season went down to Aqueduct
to-day. The favorites were not as successful a 8
yesterday, the first four going down in quick
succession. The fourth race, a handicap for
all ajces. was the feature of the day's sport.
Kinnikinnic was a hot favorite, with McMee
kln second choice. Sensational made the run
ning around the first turn and up the back
stretch, with Standing second, four lengths be
fore the field. Sensational quit at the far turn
and Standing- won easily by two lengths. Char
entus and Kinnikinnic closed fast through the
stretch, the former -"ttlng the place in a hard
drive by a neck. Results*:
Six hirlongs selling—Satin Slipper won.
Judge Wardell second Ben Hadad third. Time
1:15.
About seven furlongs, selling— Royal Sterling
won. La Vega second, Lieba third. Time
1:27 3-6.
One mile and seventy yards, selling— -Bettte
Gray won. The Roman second, Alvarado II
third. Time, 1:46 8-5.
One mile and a sixteenth — Standing won
Charentus second. Kinnikinnic third. Time, 1:49.
One mile and a quarter, selling — Banger won,
Oast
Free Lance second, Maurice third. Tim*.
2:09 2-5.
Six furlongs— Elfin Conig won, Kamara sec
ond, Maggie Light third. Time, 1:14 2-5.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 26.— Eight of th» best
sprinters at the track went to the post for the
Kenton stakes, which was the attraction at
Latonla to-day. The race was won by Hand
dOr, the 8 to 5 lavorite, in clever fashion.
Lord Fairfax, a 15 to 1 fchot, got the place by
a nose from Semper jiadem, another long shot.
Abe Furst. the . ■• second choice, acted as pace
maker for the party, but alter leading Into the
stretch he dropped out of It and finished in fifth
place. Results:
One mile— Etholln wort. Billy House second,
McCleary third. Tim- lAlhi.
Flvs and a half furlongs— Unsightly won,
Laura Q G second. Larkspur third. Time. 1:08.
One mile— The Lady In Blue won, Rosa Masso
second, Oleda third. Time, 1:41.
The Kenton stake, six furlongs— Hand dT>
won, Lord Fairfax second. Semper Eadem
third. Time, 1:14%.
Five furlongs— Left Bower won, Caviar eec
ond. Hatchmelster third. Time, 1:02.
CANADIANS MAY CHALLENGE.
Our Northern Neighbors Would Like
to Win the America's Cup.
MONTREAL, Oct. 26.— H. Barclay Stev
ens, former vice commodore of the Royal
St. Lawrence Yacht Club and owner of
the steam yacht Dana, and some other
well-known yachtsmen are working to
form a syndicate to challenge for the
America's cup through the Royal Nova
Scotia yacht squadron. If the plan ma
terializes and a challenge sHould be ac
cepted the boat Is to be built in Nova
Sootia.
Ja ** \L Free-
W * y ■ ■ w w
oom
¥^4 pd!U
t y \ enjoyed only
Ila \ by persons
w *\ 1 who ar« in
\ I perfect health.
\ ;\ In order that
1 --' \ ~—i< -a person may
\C I fr- bo hale.
JU blessing
enjoyed only
b y persons
who are In
perfecthealth.
In order that
a person may
be hale,
hearty and
r1 » • ' ' strong, the
1 « • nervous sys-
I , \\ tern must be
j\' } In good shape,
£. A / the blood
W /I _ I must be pure
I\fi / and all the
I I / organs of the
J"7 \\ I body — the
I \f •_! stomach,
CT""^ '111 heart. liver.
__} 1 eta, must
/ I properly per-
( ' I form their al-
llvvy lotted func-
♦ vw<- tions. The
great HUD-
TAN strengthens and quiets the nerves, drives
all impurities from the blood and strengthens
and stimulates to perfect activity all the or-
gans. Do you have sharp shooting pains In
shoulders (Fig. 1), arms (Fig. 2), back (Fig. 3).
hips (Fig. 4), knees (Fig. 5). legs (Fig. 6),
ankles (Fig. 7)? If bo. HUDTAN will curd
you. Do you have headaches, dizzy spells.
horrid dreams, are you melancholy, nervous
or Irritable? Take HUDYAN— It cures.
Do you feel weak, languid and tired out?
Do you lack energy, are you weak and emaci-
ated? HUDYAN corrects all this. HUDTAN
does not address Itself to symptoms only, but
instead It "strikes •at the root "of the evil.
thereby curing permanently, ; ■ t -
■■ HUDYAN ' is for sale b-" druggists. ' 800 a
package, or six packages for $2 50.
If your druggist does not keep it, send dire
to the HUDTAN REMEDY COMPANY, corner
Stockton. Ellis and Market sts., San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
CONSULT KTUDYAN DOCTORS FREE OF
CHARGE. CALL OR WRITE.
FORTUNES
IN OIL
The Continental
Oil and
Development Co.
This Company was incorporated
as a close corporation, with only
6000 shares of stock.
The Board of Directors have de-
cided to put about 1000 shares of
this stock on the market for de-
velopment purposes. Consequently,
a person owning one share of stock
will have a big interest.
The Company owns by United
States patent five 20-acre tracts in
what is called "The Oil Basin,"
Kings County, the richest oil bear-
ings in the entire belt. This Is one
of the few genuine opportunities
that has been offered aa an Oil
investment.
For further particulars call on or
address
A, E. RUDELJj, Sec,
222 Sansorae St., 3. F.
WM. CORBTN, Pres.
lopT
Taxes Due Upon Assessments
Made by the State Board
of Equalization.
CONTROLLER- S DEPARTMENT.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 11, 1899.
In accordance with the provisions of Secttoa
5668 of the Political Code, notice is kerel
given that I have received from the State
Board of Equalization the "Duplicate Record
of Assessments of Railways" and- the "Dupli-
cate Record of Apportionment of Railway As-
eestments," containing the assessments upon
the property of each of the following name 1
associations or corporations as fixed by said
Btate Board of Equalization for the year 189 J.
to-wit:
California Paciflo Railroad Company, Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, Northern Cali-
fornia Railroad Company, Northern Railway
Company, South Pacific Coast Railroad Com-
pany, Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
Southern California Motor Road Company.
Ban Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company, Southern California Railway Com-
pany, Banta Fe Paciflo Railroad Company.
North Pacific Coast Railroad Company, San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railway
Company, Nevada County Narrow-Gaut-e Rail-
road Company, Carson and Colorado Railroad
Company, Nevada-Califorola-Oreson Railway
Company, Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad
Company, Pacific Coast Railway Company,
Alsmeda and San Joarjuin Railroad Company.
Gualala River Railroad Company, California
and Nevada Railroad Company Sierra Railway
Company of California, Sierra' Valley Railway
Company. San Francisco and San Mateo Bleo-
trlc Railway Company, Randsburg R-illway
Company, and Pullman Palace Car Company.
The State and county taxes on all personal
property and one-half of the State and county
taxes on all real property are now Sue and
payable and will be delinquent on the last
Monday In November next, at 6 o'clock p. m.,
and unless paid to the State Treasurer, at the
Capitol, prior thereto. 6 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof, and unless co raid on
or before the last Monday In Arril next, at
i o'clock p. m.. an additional 6 per cent will
be added to the amount thereof.
The remaining one-half of State and county
taxes on all real property will be d>i<» and
payable after the first Monday in January
next, and will be delinquent on the last Mon-
day In April next, at 6 o'clock p. m.. and
unless paid to the State Treasurer, at ths
Capitol, prior thereto, 5 per cent will be added
to the amount thereof.
S. P. COLO AM, State Controller.CAPTAIN AND CREW AT MERCY
OF A DIABOLICAL SHIPMATE
Set Fire to the
George H*
Stetson*
— « —
Ail Hands Watched
the Conflagration
From Boats*
— • —
Skipper's Wife and Child
Behaved Splendidly.
Two Days on the
Open Sea.
FETV stories of crime at sea equal
In sheer fiendishness that brought
to this port yesterday by the cap
tain and crew of the ship Oeorge
H. Stetson of Bath, Me., destroyed by
fire in the China Sea in September
last. Most of them are morally cer
tain, although lacking legal proof,
that a member of the ship's company
—a moral degenerate— applied the torch
that set the vessel ablaze and drovo
them to the boats, In which they
rowed for two days, after -witnessing
the destruction of their ship, before
they made land.
The George H. Stetson, 1700 tons,
Captain P. W. Patton, was built
eighteen years ago at Bath and was
owned by the Bewails. She was bound
from Portland to Taku, China, with
a cargo of lumber when destroyed.
She- was in latitude 24 degrees 3S min
utes north, longitude 125 degrees 49
minutes east, twenty-five miles to the
eastward of the island of Tat-pin-san,
on the evening of September 25,
when flames wore discovered pouring
from the fore hatch. The alarm was
quickly given and all hands were soon
•t work attempting to subdue the
flames, there being no reason to sus
pect at that time that' the fire could
not easily be extinguished. It gained
so rapidly, however, that fifteen min
utes after the flames had been dis
covered the ship was ablaze from the
mainmast forward. High up In the
rigging the tongues of fire leaped
ing rapidly. All around was a
shower of sparks, falling to set ablaze
the ai"; or part of the vessel.
Through all the danger in the
flames and sparks the plucky wife of
Captain Patton, who has been at sea
WILL WORK TO
FREE CHURCHES
FROM TAXATION
The Congregational
ists Take Action.
The California State Association of Con
gregational Churches yesterday morning
appointed a committee, consisting of Rev.
J. K. McLean. Rev. Dr. G. C. Adams and
Thomas Addlson, to take charge of the
work for the abolition of church taxa
tion In California. The subject was
broached at the morning session by Dr.
Adams, who declared that California was
the- only State in the United States where
churches were taxed, and he cited the
amounts paid yearly by a number of
churches to show the extent of the bur
den California Christians are compelled
to bear. The appointment of the commlt-
U-e was accompanied by an expressed de
termination to inaugurate an aggressive
campaign.
The report of the committee on temper
ance, which has been made a special or
der for & o'clock, was adopted after being
slightly amended by striking out the rec<
emmendation that anti-saloon leagues be
organized within the churches. At the
time the work of the Anti-saloon
.■ was heartily indorsed. Some dls
cusfcion arose over an attempt to secure
an indorsement by the association of pro
htbition. Tlie delegates refused to formu
late an official expression on the subject
ami tho attempt failed.
There was also rjulte a long discussion
over the personnel of the executive com
mittee of the Home Mission Society. Dr.
Adams. I>r. Brown of Oakland. Dr. Rader
and Dr. Moore were elected, but the last
three, desiring that representation be
given to the members from outside dia
trlcts and lay members, tendered their
resignations. Dr. A'lams declared that It
There are many good reasons why these physi-
cians have attained their present high standing.
Each member of the staff is endowed by nature with
all of the many qualifications which are necessary
to make a successful physician. All are regular grad-
uates from the highest medical colleges in the land;
all are devoted to the art of healing and restoring
afflicted men; all are conscientious, careful and pains-,
taking. Their great medical institution, which is the
largest in America, Is equipped with the most mod-
ern appliances and apparatus -that can be procured.
- ■" - Their laboratory is supplied
~7~ ] with THE REMEDIES THAT-
Dr. Meyers & Co. have learned
/^v^i i^S^*^l^P 7^S23^\ by vast experience that it Pays to
//*£/-*^i \ fegr •'f lriri»\ cure their patients. One. man who
/ %<<*&g! IWf *—*C. I 2<?»«itS I has been restored t0 health and
I v w*T) I t*4^^n I v^lT? I strength Is worth more to the doc-
V \ «pß?y I V^V^c2fti» / VJjSif / tors, as an advertisement, than
AV> VV >A. /s%£s& hi &%&*■£ many columns of newspaper
-*Nsi Vy^ ■^ M Until they are cured. Any man
■ applying for treatment who has'
~ ; ~ -"" the least doubt of their ability to
cure a contracted ailment, or to restore complete or
partial loss of vitality, may deposit the price of a
cure in any bank or with any well-known business
house or newspaper in San Francisco, such deposit
NOT to be paid to Dr. Meyers & Co. until the pa-
tient is thoroughly convinced that he .Is ] permanently
cured. Payments may be made in monthly install-
ments. if preferred. . *
Home cures a specialty. If you cannot call, write
for free advice, private - book, terms, prices, etc. All
letters confidential.
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 MARKET ST., SAN FRANCISCO. \
Elevator Entrance. Hours— B to 5 dally; 7to 8 evenings; 9to 11 Sundays.
THE BURNING SHIP, HER SKIPPER, HIS WIFE AND CHILD.
with him for five years, stood bravely
by with her little two-year-old daugh
ter, unafraid and equal to any for
tune. The little girl, instead of show-
Ing signs of fear as might be ex
pected under such circumstances,
viewed the whole fiery 'spectacle as
something to be pleased at, and all
through the shouts and the din of
excitement she voiced her enjoyment
of the fire.
Less than half an hour after the
fire was discovered, the ship having
been previously headed landward. It
me plain that it would be neces
sary to take to the boats. The ship
and cargo were 'loomed and It took
only the loud explosion denoting the
blowing out of the cabin skylight to
warn captain and crew that it was
time to take to the open sea. There
was neither time nor inclination to
save anything and the entire ship's
company was soon in the three boats,
headed for the Island of Tal-pin-san.
The current was against the boats
and all that night they made little
headway, being In plain sight of the
was essential that the memhers should be
whero they < > "'.iM f><= called together on
short notice, and the proffered resigna
tions were refused.
Rev. Dr. C. R. Brown was Hooted
preaoher of the association for the session
of 1901.
Aside from the business the feature of
the morning session was a statistical pa
per by R''V. 11. ]Z. Jewett, covering fifty
years of Congregationalism In California.
In the afternoon Mrs. C. B. Bradley
read a papor on "Why Should Missionary
Societies Enoouragfl the Education of
Women In Non-Christian Lands." Rev.
Dr. C. R. Brown read a paper, on "The
Distinctive Characteristics of Christian
ity," and a number of members made
verbal reports from the International
council.
At the evening session Rev. J. A. Mil
liken of Porterville explained that t h<>
published reports of his address delivered
Wednesday night did him an Injustice.
He Intended no reflection on the pioneers
when he said that he took courage for
thf future of California from the fact
that he had burled many pioneers. What
he meant was that the old pioneers are
passing away and with them was passing
the condition of things that prevailed in
the early days, that made the reform
work and religious work of the higher
type so difficult. "I referred to 'things,'
not 'men.' " said Mr. Milllken.
The work of the Sunday-School and
Publishing Society was reviewed at the
evening session and a number of r.ports
of the meeting of the American Board at
Providence, R. 1., were heard.
The final session of the association will
be held this lon-noon, it having been
decided to adjourn -at noon to-day Instead
of holding an afternoon session.
J{al£&\£&lno
puts life Into the human frame, -wakens the
mind to activity. The wonderful product of
that wonderful concern, the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing As*='n.
Special Services at Richmond.
Special services will be held in the new
; Richmond Congregational Church, 'corner
, of Seventh avenue and Clement street,
Richmond, on Sunday at 3' o'clock p. m.
Rev. L. D. Bevan, D.D., LL.D., of Mel
j bourne, Australia, will preach a -special
.sermon. The programme for the afternoon
will be: Hymn, "Hark, Hark! My Soul";
Invocation, Rev. W. 11. Atkinson; Script
ure, Rev. W. C. Pond, D.D. : prayer. Dr.
Pomeroy; hymn, "In the Cross of Christ
1 Glory sermon, Dr. Bevan; prayer, Rev.
George C. Adams, D.D.; benediction, Rev.
F. B. Cherington, D.D. \ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27. 1899.
burning vessel, which made a grand
Illumination with its rosiny cargo.
All the next day they could see the
smoke. It took them two days, dur
ing which they ran out of water, to
reach Tal-pin-san, where they found
awaiting them the small steamer that
makes monthly trips between' the
Island and the mainland. Its officers
had seen the Illumination of the burn
ing ship and had awaited the arrival
of its officers and crew. It took them
to Nagasaki, where they took pas
sage on the Sydney.
Krom one of the members of the
crew of the Stetson was learned yes
terday the awful suspicion that rested
against another of the sailors.
"Yes," he said, "one of the men, it
Is strongly suspected, set fire to the
Stetson. Why? Oh, crazy, I guess.
It isn't the first time suspicion In
that direction has boon fastened on
him. He was one of the crew of the
Kentlworth when she was burned
and ho was on the John Bruce when
she went up in smoke.
"Do all the members of the crew
SYDNEY BRINGS SOLDIERS
AND SHIPWRECKED CREWS
IN addition to 4he forty-two sick
and discharged soldiers, the ship
wrecked crews of the transport
Morgan City, United States cable
boat Hooker and ship George H. Stet
son made up the passenger list of the
ITnlteil States army transport City of
Sydney, which arrived In port yester
day afternoon, docking immediately
after a quick passage of twenty-nine
days from Manila, touching at Naga
saki and Kobe en route. Fine weather
was experienced all the way across,
except on October 15, when the trans
port got Into the track of a typhoon,
which, tumbled things about. One of
the cabin passengers. Lieutenant
Vltale, an Italian military attache,
who has been ■In the Philippines,
was knocked off his feet by the force
of the hurricane and hurled from Btar
board 10 port, receiving several ugly
suspect him? I guess not. If they
did he wouldn't be on board this boat
now to tell about It. The captain
knows it, but is keeping mum about
it. I know he reported his suspicions
to the Sydney's officers and they have
had the man under surveillance all
the way up."
Captain Patton refused to say any
thing concerning the report, more
than that thoro was something en
tirely peculiar about the fire.
"What is the name of the man you
suspect?"
"I cannot say anything about that
now." ho replied.
After the captain got ashore he
hurried to a telegraph office and It
was said later that he had tele
graphed to Bath asking authority to
incur the necessary expense to prose
cute the suspected Incendiary. That
Individual, whoever be is, was not
detained on the transport.
Captain Patton is one of the best
known skippers that ever left a 'Pa
cific Coast port and is very popular
in San Francisco.
cuts on the head, necessitating ihe at
tention of the ship's surgeon.
On board the transport are the
bodies of Private Peor of the Ninth In
fantry, who died at sea October 23,
and Private Jeremiah Qulnlan, Ninth
Cavalry, who died October 14. Private
Kellerman of the Fourth Cavalry,
while Insane from disease, Jumped
through a porthole and into the China
Sea. A boat was lowered and got very
close to the soldier, who was swim
ming lustily, when he threw up his
hands and disappeared. The body was
not recovered.
Captain S. J. Hanlon and sixty-five
of the officers and crew of the United
States cable ship Hooker were pas-
Bengers on the Sydney all the way
over. The captain was decidedly un
communicative of any information
concerning the wreck of that vessel,
NARROW ESCAPE
OF THE FRENCH
BARK BOURBAKI
Caught Fire at the
Seawall Yesterday.
For a short time yesterday the French
bark Bourbaki was in imminent danger
of being destroyed by fire. She was
alongside the seawall taking in "stiffen
ing" preparatory to going to Port Costa
to load wheat for Europe. About 2500
sacks of grain had been put aboard and
the ship was to be ready to move up
stream to-morrow morning. The long
shoremen had laid off for the noon hour
and the crew had finished their midday
meal and retired to the forecastle, when
the fire was discovered. There was con
siderable turpentine and paint oil in the
carpenter shop, and some one going in
there dropped a lighted match. The place
was soon in a blaze and the Fire Depart
ment was summoned. The Spreckels
Towboat Company was also notiried and
in a very short space of time the Relief
was alongside ana had four streams or
water playing on the blazev
In the meantime, however, the vessel a
side had got no hot that the paint was
peeling oft In great flakes and the smoke
was pouring out of the ventilators and
chocks. L.uckily the vessel had an iron
deck, so none of the water that was
poured into the forecastle got into the
lower hold, so the cargo is uninjured. It
will not take long to get the Bourbaki
ready for sea again, and she will prob
ably sail next week.
French ships are going to play a very
important part in the commerce of San
Francisco next year. So many of them
will be here bidding for the wneat trade
that the British are liable to have to take
second place, l^ast year but ten ships
flying the French Hag came to San Fran
cisco. This year over twenty have ar
rived and "several more are on the way.
Next year at least fifty French ships
built of steel and with all the latest im
provements will visit this coast.
This wonderful Increase in the French
merchant marine is due to the subsidy
given by the French Government. Every
palling vessel built in France of French
material between now and 1902 gets for
ten years a subsidy of 35 cents per gross
ton for each thousand miles covered.
Every year there Is a reduction of about
IVi cents, so that the last year of the ten
the vessel's subsidy would only be about
23 cents a ton. For instance, a French
vessel of 2000 tons gross burden coming
from Europe to San Francisco gets a
subsidy of $14,000 for the voyage here and
a similar sum for the voyage home. For
this encouragement all the French Gov
ernment asks is that the vessels be built
in France of French material and enter
at a French port at least once in two
years. Over and above this the builder
of the ship gets a bonus of $13 a gross ton
for his share of the work. It is, there
fore, no wonder that the French
shipyards are working night and day and
that a fleet of at least fifty French ships
is expected here in 1900.
Vessels cannot be secured to carry the
holiday goods and merchandise required
In Hawaii, and some of the lines of
| Christmas goods will be poorly assorted
i In the Paradise of the Pacific this year.
The ships Centennial and Charmer have
been withdrawn from the northern trade
and are both loading for Honolulu, while
the schooners Esther Buhne, OtlHle
Fjord. Robert R. Hind. Lottie Bennett.
Jessie Minor and Eva have been chartered
to load lumber and coal for the islands.
The barks Martha Davis, Andrew Welch,
which struck on Corregidor reef. Just •
outside the entrance to Manila Bay at c
5 o'clock of the evening of August 11 *
last. The Hooker was on her way c
from Manila to repair the cable be- *
tween that city and Hongkong at the o
time. A large quantity of the cable *
aboard bad been shifted previous to o
the start, and the theory is advanced *
that this may have affected the com- v
pass. At any rate, In the tog that <
arose that afternoon, Captain Hanlon .
mistook the reef for the mainland and <
was aground before he knew :t. a 2
little steamer, the Espana, which came o
up to give aid, was battered against <
the rocks. No lives were lost. The .
men of the Hooker remained five 4
weeks working on the wreck, but 2
finally gave up the job of getting her o
off. She is badly battered. A contract *
to float her has been let to a wrecking j
firm for $125,000. 4
Among the passengers on the Sydney 2
was C. C. Iliggins, a former well- d
known drugKisl of this city, who
volunteered for the hospital corps in g
May, IS9S. and has been in charge of 4
the smallpox hospital at Manila, 2
Father P. F. McDonough of Laverne, 2
Minnesota, was another passenger. •
He is home from a vacation in the H
Philippines, most of which he put in *
making observations In the islands. A
On the way over he entertained the *
ship's company with a lecture based 4
on his notes. He will deliver several 2
lectures during his stay "in this city. HI
TEE EMPOEJUM.
*¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*¥*%
21 ibs. fggF ffiiPiSK&liiU $30 ° I
Fine Granulated i*©ol^l*»^ft^ I Suits for Boys, J
Sugar for P^ ©oktenAile aazaAr.^l for «
$1.00. CAUFOfmiASUaX^Ts^Ria'S^iAIiDEST.STOX: $t.85. t
J /<*~J} y ' S *
/7 c ALL- .Sales— * 7/^ *
// *Dp£cjal Sales* —
Stylish Fans Half Price. *
All Day Friday and Saturday, if Quantities Last. t
A lot of 300 stylish Fans — Empire Fans *
in black, painted or spangled, with <f.
; J^^^vflJ^^*! fancy wood sticks, regular prices from *
V^g^^^^^|v 35c to $3.85' each; Empire Fans in «
cream, regularly $2.75 to $4.85 each; *
tf^*^s^^^^^^^^i| handsome Ostrich Fans in Black or £
• vSF**" tftaTregjfri "(niT jiiij; white, with fancy wood sticks, regu- ♦
larly $2.25 and $3.35 each; on spe- J
cial sale on Friday, and Saturday also, if quantities last, at half <«
these prices. • ♦
$2.45 and $3.00 I
Suits— sl.Bs. I
Sizes for Boys 3 to 8 Years of Age* «
For Friday and Saturday we offer the best values that we have JJ
ever been able to give in little suits for boys 3 to 8 years; there ♦
are 150 suits in the lot, in three styles: *
All-Wool Cheviot in a medium shade _ 2
. that will not show soil, new style (j^^i rr^>K. ♦
velvet collar, silk-faced lapels, $7 & ib*2L^ "^
vest has an embroidered design on \^f^/ *? jg! n- ♦
shield, trousers made with band *$**£ v v* /r ♦
and buckle; a real $3.00 suit. //, /\jJH&k i^\ 11^^ - ft^^k 2>
Another lot is made of very nearly f/M . mbEt / \ ££^v^ /s@&J&t\±_ X
All-wool Cheviot, has large sailor # i oTo I\V -jf ft 'J777\ 1>
collar with six rows of braid, vest It I«Jl 0 /V^j^^V/ o*s^ I V ♦
with an embroidered design on '/ I m ( t^^a ar\ A — "\ \ ♦
shield, trousers made with band I i 9 /l\° yYM/iV/\ a >Ac) *
and buckle; would be a bargain I/°/[ 1" id <9 •w/ /-\ • r • ♦
at $2.46. >=*(*/ •/ • rtf •/ \9U ♦
Third lot is an All-Wool Cheviot in *&■ J /VjOr^lrT — WlT^ «
a light-colored pattern, coat has \ I / CJ^/ '(I- I AV^ 5
. the new collar, lapels are silk --> •' 'l-~.*>-\ / X
faced, the vest has a pleated '
velvet shield with a row of velvet and two pockets, pants made with band and <ff
buckle; a splendid $3.00 value. • ; : :^ ♦
Friday and Saturday your choice of any of these three suits at...... $1.85 *
Millinery Specials To-Day. I
Trimmed Hats, beautiful trimmings, elegantly designed, perfectly
made. *
$10 Hats to-day only.. $7.00 $12 Hats to-day only.. $9.00 %
$15 Hats to-day 0n1y. . . . 512.00 *
J. i «
Bargain Friday.
Butter- )^D
down . vSs#*
S&ctfues, J>, Jpl
73c. m&*
This season's $1.25 /Iff 1 JiCj^f Iff
Eidai down Dress- Wl il]L r |^i///
ing Sacque, plain M|j|\\'qj>^
color? and stripe?, Ay/ r | Va'\>s<\
crocheted edge. [/// j /VNSSg%
ribbon at neck, as- fr| |tf / \^% \
■ sorted sizes, on y&i -£ A->
special sale this
day only at.. 73
"B-.rgain Friday. For
Selected thLs
O iographs, 24c. only
we eff^r some pretty O.iographs,
mounted on 3}^-inch dark oliva green
mats, siz> 20x26 inches, an assortment
of selected surpcts, regularly 35c
each, at the very special price. 24-G
'Bargain Friday. j-^, v -■'
Fedora /~ *\
Hats, 77c mk—tn^
Mm's all fur Fe o- /
ra Hats in black, \l gj-?<*^pj
dark brown, gold- Wi.f "*"* ft ,1
en brown, cedar, 'MB ** • '/,
maple and otter; \|H»» . J 4
Fold by U5 regu- \->_^-^i /
laly at 9 -c each; ATTVy k^
tat? that compare /^3jD«lJl T^
favorably with the
ordinary $1.50 Fe-
doras; on special sale for two days,
Friday ani Saturday, each 77©
Bargain Friday. " Ladies'
Ladies 9 $2.50 %£>
*%* *s« en button
ShOeS, $I*l o. and Lace
Sho 53, up-to- r-^KTI • .; .
date toes and /I X ill
tips, the ba 1 - /^V'co" /'
ance of our (Ml &- /
$2.50 Box Calf Iff/ &■ I
Shoes in size? /C *£ \
3j^and 4 only, Jy ■ \
if you can wear g^X^Ttf \
either of tho3e - >^TS^ V
size* you will \ J<^.
save just : tl T^v
$1.40 a pair "•
at to-daj'a special price $I*l o
Diamond Head and Annie Johnson,
harkentlnes W. H. Dimond, S. N. Castle
Planter and Quickstep and ship Fa.is or
Clyde are all loading or chartered, and
yet there is a call for "more ships." and
there are no more to be had. Freights
! have advanced with leaps and bounds in
I consequence, and owners are now going
' to get a return aftfr the many lean years
' that have preceded this year of plenty.
As stated In yesterday's call the trans
-1 ports Tartar, Newport and Manauense
i anchored in the stream Wednesday night
and went to sea yesterday morning. The
City of Peking will take out a regiment
Saturday and the Ben More will go out
Monday. The Senator will be ready to
sail November 3 and the City of -ydney
and Pathan will follow her in rapid sue-
Ce M 8 |chael Hughes of 38 Clay strret had a
I narrow escape for his life v ednesday
morning He would have bled to death
had not Dr. Holmes heard him fall
I against '.he side of the Harbor lospital.
1 Hughes went to a free clinic on Howard
street and had a big ulcer cut out of his
neck The artery was "nicked" during
the operation and the surgeon overlooked
the fact. In the night the artery burst
and Hughes had lust presence of mind
enough to go to the hospital. When he
reached the door his strength gave out
and he fell in a heap against .t. Dr.
Holmes heard him and got him on tne
operating table just in time to save his
life.
Word was received by the Merchants'
Exchange yesterday that the schooner
Coquille had arrived at Bandon on the
25th lnst. without the mate. He had been
washed overboard.
Y. M. C. A. ARMY WORKERS.
In recognition of the splendid work of
the United States army and navy depart
ment of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation which has been accomplished,
the War Department has recently made a
special request of the international com
mittee of the associations that one of
their secretaries be sent out on every
transport leaving this country for the
Philippines during the next si* w»eks.
W. Frank Gloesckner has been selected to
be the first to go in this new order.
TEE EMPOEJUM
Bargain Fridxy. 52-inch <fl-
90C DreSS fame's { |
Fabrics, 63c. cheviot ?
Serge, the very newest fabric for the *
winter season, suitable for tailor 2
dresses, the new shades of tans gray 3, J
navy and brown, cdet blue and army +.
gray, our rejrular 85c anl 90c qua ity,
spicial price Friday only, per yard... x*
.: ■ 630 *
*
Bargain Friday. *
55c Dripping |
Pans, 37c. «
Large . *
Square /yt:?-'-'-*' '?*&&[ 2>
Enameled Jfr'j' " ~^x^\ 3
Dripping /•>/ yrS •
Pan with !\\--\ ~ rT^>^ *
two han* * — Lj>^ • ♦
dies, reg- . . <•
| ularly 55c each, special to-day &t.370 "*
Bargain Friday. For this day only "#
Linen we offer »»T* rge *
_, -j lot of All-Linen *
TrayS, &Cm Tray Cloths 19 by *
32 inches, they are made of fine half- 2
bleached linen and stamped with a •*,
n^mbjr of pretty flowers and designs, +
the ' regular price 12!^c each, speci il +
for to-day .80 "*
*
- <f
Bargain Friday. +
High Grade j
Comforters, $1.18. *
Bed Comforters covered with figured *
Silkoline on both sides, liberally filled J
with high grade Cotton, hand tufted, 2,
a serviceable $1.50 bed covering, on
special sale this day only at.. .sl*lB <*f
; «
: ' ; "'••"*,■'- «
Bargain Friday. Ladies' Imported
LadieS 9 Hermsdorf Black <#
-■■■ nJK^m. ea ' Maco Cotton «
HOSe, M^C.Eose, silk finish, «
medium weight, double heel and toe, ♦
.our regular I.oc Ho?e, for this day J
only, per pair ..t^O 3,
These Host per do^en, $1.65. Z
: «
Bargain Friday. First quality Le- J
Legal Gap, al , cap Paper. ;
J»*iT fl,ii>A rezularly 15c a
OCr mitrC* quire, on special
I sale to-day the 24 sheets for 80 4*
Debs to Lecture.
Eugene V. Debs, the well known labor
leader, who is touring the United States
in the interest of organized labor and the
Social Democratic party, will deliver an
address in Metropolitan Temple Tuesday
night. October 31.
Bright
Prospects!
The reports we receive daily from
our experts in Contra Costa con-
vince us we are In the greatest oil-
producing belt in the State. We
have bored to a sufficient depth (900
feet) to know the abundance of oH
will make our stockholders wealthy.
Then, too. we are only nine miles
from market.
The board of directors have de-
cided to dispose of only SOO more
shares at $5: then the price will be
advanced. At this figure men of
small means have an opportunity
to make investments that will
make them more money than any
enterprise now on " the market.
You're Invited to come in and ask
questions or send for report of the
Fuel Committee of the Mfrs.' and
Producers' Assn.
American Oil & Refinery Co.
ROOMS 322 & 323 PARROTT BLD.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Oakland Aerents: O'ROURKE &
JACKSON, 1002 Broadway.
56
(&/ if £ wfe^SSp^ %& 55^*
FRIDAY OCTOBER 27, 1899
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager^
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .....Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main ISGS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874-
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Single Copies. B cents.
Terms by Hall. Including Postage:
3 AILY CALL .(Including Sunday Call), one year $0.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday Call), « months 3.00
DAILY CALL Occluding Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Efngle Month We
SUNDAY CALL n» Year '•»<*
WEEKLY CALL One Year I '°°
All postmasters are authorised to recetvj subscriptions. .
Sample cop's trill be rorwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chlcnfto.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON' Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKEN6 dR 20 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS.
Bherman House; P. 0. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, fcorner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clocK- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
-1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 2261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 1096
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh)
ttreet, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpheum — "Vaudeville." . .
California— "A Breach of Promise."
Columbia— "A Milk White Flag."
Tlvoll— "La Belle Helene."
Alcazar— "The Three Musketeers."
Grand Opera House— "The Conspirators."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympa. corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase and performances.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By P. .1. Bar th— This day. at £' o'clock. Furniture, at 414
McAllister street. ,
SNEAK TACTICS OF THE SOUTHERN
PACIFIC.
ON Sunday, October 15. The Call announced
that the Southern Pacific Company, was en
gaged in a plot to have General N. P. Chip
man, one of its well-known supporters, appointed to
the vacancy on the Inter>tate Commerce Commis
sion. The scheme was cunningly laid, because the
merchants and manufacturers of the entire coast
were actively at work to procure the selection of a
representative of the coast for the office, and the
railroad manager? saw an opportunity to use the
efforts of these men to further the ends of the rail
road itself.
The Call has proof that the petition requesting the
intment ot Chipman was drawn up in the office
of the Southern Pacific Company and was circulated
by Judge Carpenter. When The Call exposed the
scheme the attempt to obtain additional support for
man was dropped, and the petition forwarded to
Washington.
It behooves the merchants of Seattle, Tacoma,
Portland, Los Angeles, San Diego, as well as San
Francisco and all other cities of the Pacific Coast, to
send at once an energetic protest to Washington
against the appointment of Chipman.
It is not a pleasant task to oppose the aspirations
of any Californian for the ofiice, but in this case the
danger to the interests of the public is so great that
the opposition must be made at once and energeti
cally. It will go hard with the interests of this coast
if the Southern Pacific manages to get one of its
agents on the Interstate Commission. The issue is a
momentous one. It is of pressing urgency. Let
protects from every part of the coast go to Washing
ton without delay.
THE ELECTION OF SENATORS.
AT the last session of the Pennsylvania Legis
lature a committee composed of two Senators |
and three Representatives was appointed to
confer with the Legislatures of other States with a
view to bringinp about an amendment to the consti
tution of the United States providing tor the election
of United States Senators by direct vote of the peo- j
pie. The committee has just held at Philadelphia a'
meeting at which it was announced that communica
tions have been received from the Secretary of State j
of every State in the Union with the exception of
Arkansas, and that there is a strong sentiment, par- j
ticularly in the Western States, in favor of the amend- j
ment.
Upon the showing made the committee felt so
much encouraged it decided to request all the States
to send delegates to a general conference to be held
in Philadelphia next spring to devise ways and
means for bringing the issue to a conclusion. It is
expected the conference will decide upon a plan of j
action which will coflimend itscli to the people as a !
whole, and that as a result there will be immediate'!
action thereafter in the direction of the desired I
amendment.
Just why there should be a conference on the sub- I
ject is not clear. All the States have Representa
tives in Congress, and these are just as well fitted to
discuss and determine a plan cf action as any other
delegates could be. In the end the matter will have i
to be submitted to Congress, and it would be just
as well to urge action upon that body tin's winter as
to wait for the conference next spring.
The whole question has been thoroughly discussed
throughout the*country and the people are familiar
with the causes which render the change necessary
fer the national welfare. There have been deadlocks
•r worse in Senatorial elections in Legislatures in
every portion of the Union from Delaware to Cali
fornia. It is time to put an end to them and to re
move from the State Legislatures these fruitful
sources of corruption and disturbance. It not in
frequently happens that business of great impo^ance
to a State is set aside because of the struggles over j
a Senatorial election. Under such circumstances a !
conference on the subject is hardly neressary. It will
of course do no harm, but it is sate to say that the
Senator or Representative who will not vote for sub
mitting the amendment to the States at once will
hardly be persuaded to do so by anything a con
ference can say or do-.
PUBLIC SENTIMENT.
WHEN one meets with politicians, as the Presi
dent does on his tours over the country, noth
ing is easier than to provoke, or induce, what
seems to be a unanimous and enthusiastic indorse
ment of imperialism.
When the President made his Pittsburg speech to
the returned volunteers of the Tenth Pennsylvania the
report of the occasion entirely warranted the conclu
sion that the soldiers and the people were as one in
favor of forcible annexation of the Filipinos. Now
comes the Pittsburg Post with a large number of
signed and authentic interviews with the officers and
members of the regiment in which opinions in direct
antagonism to the President's speech are freely stated.
The whole is summed up by one of the staff officers,
who says: "The regiment sympathized with the na
tives a? righting for a liberty as dear to them as is the
American's to him. The Tenth boys look upon for
cible annexation of the islands as foreign to the ideals
of the American constitution, and from a mere mone
tary point of view as promising only aggrandizement
to a few rich syndicates and heavier taxes to the la
borer because of the huge military force necessary to
hold them." Among the interviews is a letter writ
ten by the gallant Colonel Hawkins, who lost his
life in the poison climate of the islands, in which he
says that "any attempt to hold the islands as colo
nies is a menace to American institutions, and they
are not worth the cost of conquest." Then follow in
terviews with the majors, quartermaster, adjutant, six
captains, five lieutenants and several hundred pri
vates, all of whom express the same opinion. Many
of the privates say: "Of course we obeyed orders
and fought, but what for? Those natives have as
much right to liberty as we have."
We have not the space to copy all of these very in
teresting and significant interviews. When it is re
membered that they are from a majority of the staff
and line of a regiment which the President made a
long journey to welcome, and which he flattered by
the most heroic ascriptions, the politicians may be
led to revise their frequent statement that the coun
try is unanimously imperialist. An American can
hardly imagine a more serious situation for a brave
and obedient soldier than the exposure of his own
life to kill others whom he regards as right and
patriotic in fighting for their liberty to govern them
selves and the freedom of the soil on which they were
born.
Another recent expression that may interest the
imperialist politicians of both parties is the passage
of a resolution in the national session of the
\Y. C. T. U. denouncing the war on the Filipinos.
The wives and mothers and women composing the
W. C. T. U. are of the thoughtful class of society.
They are women who would encourage war in a
cause which they believed to be righteous, and when
they denounce this a? unrighteous it means some
thing. We think that the people everywhere should
know the facts about these expressions of opinion.
With a large percentage of returned volunteers and
the largest women's organization in the Union giving
free expression to such views there must soon be an
abatement in what has seemed to many as a mad
rush into imperialism and all the cost and entangle
ments which it implies. As the necessity of defend
ing England in a like.policy has already appeared,
one may reasonably expect the Tenth Pennsylvania
and the W. C. T. U. will soon receive many recruits.
While the Britons and the Boers are fighting to
decide which shall own South Africa it may occur- to
the blacks to take a hand in the matter and resume
possession of the country themselves. In the South
African woodpile there is a negro of large propor
tions, and he is a fighter when he gets started.
BRITISH POWER ON TRIAL.
WHEN General Buller sent a dispatch to Sir
George Stewart White commanding that offi
cer to make no forward movement on the
Transvaal until Buller himself arrived with his army
curp? he probably did not foresee that the question of
advance or retreat was not to be left to the option of
General White. The Boers have settled the question
for him. Despite the defense made by the British
and the reverses suffered in the fighting of the first
two days, the Transvaal forces have continued to act
upon the aggressive, and it now looks as if White
will have a4l he can do to save his command from
virtual annihilation before the commander in chief
with the reinforcements reaches him.
In addition to the strain of the situation at the
front, the British public have -another cause of
anxiety in the reports that come of the sentiment of
the nations of Continental Europe regarding the war.
The hostility shown to the United States at the out
break of the war with Spain was slight in comparison
with what has been expressed toward the British,
and there have even beer, rumors that the powers
would demand of Great Britain a statement of her
intentions as to the whole African continent, thus in
cluding the Egyptian question with that of the Trans
vaal.
While it is not at all likely an alliance against
Great Britain can be formed so long as that power j
remains formidable, it is within the limits of proba
bility that a serious reverse in South Africa might
tempt the Russians and the Germans to be bolder in
their aggressions in China and the French more en
terprising in pushing their African territory toward
the Nile. Some fear of such a result seems to be felt
in Great Britain, and as a consequence they have
made preparations for war on a scale calculated to.
warn Europe as well as to crush the Boers.
The task they have before them is the greatest ths
British have had to enter upon since the Napoleonic
wars. Their statesmen and their military leaders
agree that it is desirable from every point of view to
force the fighting and put an end to the conflict as
speedily ns possible. No less than eighty steamships
of the first class have been drawn into the service of
the Government, and as soon as the war broke out
it was announced that arrangements had been made
to dispatch six troopships daily from Southampton
for South Africa. It was calculated ;it thnt time that
within a week after General P.uiler started to the
front there would be upward of 50,000 British soldiers
on the sea speeding after him as fast as ste;un can
carry them.
It is, however, a far cry from Southampton to the
field of action. It remains to be seen whether the
British forces now in South Africa can hold th»-ir
own or even save themselves from a crushing defeat
before the reinforcements arrive. In the meantime, to
be prepared for the worst, the whole naval strength of
the empire is being made ready for any emergency
that may happen. Grent Britain is. in fact, making
a demonstration in force throughout the whole length
of her far-flung battle line from Gibraltar to China.
Her statesmen know that her foes are watching every
move, and that unless they end this war quickly they
may have more wars to wage before it ends.
One nf the notable features of the speeches made
by the President in his tour through the Mississippi
Valley was the emphasis which he placed upon the
financial question. "We are on the gold basis," he
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
said, "and we are there to stay." Those time-serving
Republicans who have been opposed to definite action
on currency irsues at the coming session of Congress
have evidently had no influence with the administra
tion.
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S POLICY.
PRESIDENT WHEELER'S address on the
occasion of his installation as president of the
University of California was in the nature of a
declaration of the policy he would pursue in the ad
ministration of his office. It is a policy of progress,
improvement and expansion. The words in which it
was set forth are strong and forceful and will inspire
as well as gladden all who desire to see the univer
sity become one of the foremost seats of learning in
the United States.
The president began by directing attention to the
existing deficiencies and needs of the institution.
"As it were in a night," he said, "a college has
grown here into the dimensions of a university. A
torrent-influx of students has overwhelmed and
burst the barriers of organization, equipment, funds
and shelter. A mass of rapidly developing profes
sional schools, drawn beneath the name and aegis of
the university, have become attached to its organiza
tion by bonds of varying strength, but all ill-tested
and uncertainly set. The schools of the State have
been recently brought into a close connection with
the university, a connection which is still tentative,
but which looks toward a fine unity of action, toward
a common aim. To intensify the stress and confusion
these things have happened at a period when through
out the land the whole mechanism of university edu
cation is in process of readjustment and of adaptation
to larger work. Shifting, experiment and change are
on every hand; nowhere have settled forms been
reached."
As a result of this rapid growth the university has
outstripped its buildings and equipments. Among
the demands which the president notes as of greatest
urgency is an enlargement of the library. "In their
isolation from the Eastern storehouses of learning."
said he, "our scholars require and deserve more than
ordinary resources of this kind." As a further argu
ment and an inducement for the upbuilding of the
library he added: "We are tangent to the domain
of the farthest world-half, of which the Western
world knows yet but little, but of which it will be"
called upon in the coming centuries to know much.
Here on the borderland, as in Alexandria of old,
must be garnered the accumulated lore of the East
as well as the West."
Thus far the argument of the president had been
mainly for scholarship and might have been made by
a man who considers that to be the chief object of
university life, but from that point he passed rapidly
to a consideration of the things needed to make the
university a center of intellectual activity directed to
the advancement of California in all lines of progress.
The school- of commerce, the school of mining en
gineering and the school of agriculture all engage
the interest of the new president, and in no part of
his address was he more earnest or more hopeful than
in speaking of them and the work expected of them.
In a striking passage the speaker described the im
portance of the problem of forest preservation and
the maintenance of the water supply of the State, and
included that problem among those which the uni
versity will help the people to solve. "A school of
forestry," he said, "is an earnest and instant need
The waters that sent forth the Oregon deserve
school of naval engineering. The attention of the
National Government, which now has a Pacific as
well as an Atlantic to care for, should be directed
toward this need. But what it does can best be done
in co-operation with the university as an already es
tablished institution and through development and
differentiation of the existing courses."
It will be seen that President Wheeler proposes to
make the university a part of every movement in
the progress of the State from scholarship to money
making. The whole scope of our higher activities.
j material as well as intellectual, is included within the
• domain of the field which the university is to culti
vate. Lord Bacon's saying. "All wisdom is my prov
ince," is to be fulfilled at Berkeley. The university
is to be a living thing., a vital part of the common
wealth, with sympathy for all the enterprises and
i hopes of its people. •
THE THANKSGIVING PROCLAMATION.
PROSPERITY is the theme of President Mc-
Kinley's proclamation fixing Thursday, No
vember 30, as the day for the annual thanks
giving of the people. It will also be the theme on
which most of the sermons oi the day will be
preached, for it is the dominant feature of our na
tional life.
The President has well said: "Seldom has this
nation had greater cause for profound thanksgiving.
No great pestilence has invaded our shores. Liberal
employment waits upon labor. Abundant crops have
rewarded the efforts of the husbandman. Increased
comforts have come to the home. The national
finances have been strengthened and public credit
has been sustained and made firmer. In all branches
of industry and trade there has been an unequalcd
degree of prosperity, while there has been a steady
gain in the mqraland educational growth of our na
tional character. Churches and schools have flour
ished. American patriotism has been exalted. Those
engaged in maintaining the honor of the flag with
such signal success have been in a large degree spared
from disaster and disease. An honorable peace has
been ratified with a foreign nation with which we were
at war, and we are now at friendly relations with
every power on earth."
All that is thus set forth in reference to the con
dition of our own country is true, and it is to be hoped
the President's further predictions of the speedy return
<.f healthy industrial conditions in Cuba, prosperity
in storm-stricken Porto Rico and peace in the Phil
ippines will be fulfilled. It is only in these islands
that any menace to our continued peace exists, and
none would exist there if the people .of the islands
were assured of the good purposes of the United
States. So long as the Filipinos have reason to dis
trust our promises, or the Cubans to fear the
forcible annexation of their country to the United
States, they will of course hesitate to join us in the
thanksgiving to which the President invites them.
Such vexatious problems as confront us, however,
are slight in comparison to the vast benefits we en
joy. No land on earth is so blessed as ours in all
that makes up the welfare of humanity. We are ad
vancing in all lines of endeavor and are at peace with
all the world save the inhabitants of a group of re
mrte islands who are too weak to threaten Us with
any danger. We are free from the burdens of mili
tary armaments that oppress the taxpayers of other
countries, and we have only to go in the path the
fathers of the republic marked out for us in order t.»
continue at peace. Every natural condition of the
year is advantageous to us and the prospects of the
future are bright. We have good reason to give
thanks this year, and it will be our own fault if we
do not have equally good in the year to come.
SWORD FOR ANOTHER HERO OF MANILA
\ Beautiful Tiffany Sword for Brigadier
General Funston— Gift of the People
of Kansas.
TIFFANT & CO. of New York have completed and shipped to the Topeka
Capital a beautiful presentation sword, the gift of the people of Kansas to
their idol and distinguished hero, Brigadier General Frederick Funston.
Through the Topeka Capital the people of Kansas contributed $1000 for this
purpose. The sword is an example of the highest quality of workmanship.
In this particular and in beauty of design General Funston will possess a sword
second to none that has been presented to American heroes.
The pommel is encircled by a wreath of oak leaves, and surmounted by an
American eagle in full relief. The grip is of sterling silver, chased to simulate
the scales' of the coat-of-mail of the Goddess Minerva. The guard is formed of
a female figure in full relief, bearing a wreath of laurel and a torch. On the
broad portion of thel guard, on the back, is the seal of the State of Kansas, and
on the front the monogram "F. P.," made of diamonds. The guard terminates
in a sunflower, the center of which is a carved topaz. The scabbard is of ster
ling silver, ornamented with three bands, to which are attached the belt trap
pings, which are chased by hand to represent the various fruits and plants of
the Philippines, Upon these bands al-so are Inscribed the names of the battles—
Caloocan, Polo, Marilao, Guiguinta, Malolos, Bagbag, Calumpit, Apalit, San
Tomas, San Fernando— and two miniature tropical scenes. On the upper band
of ornament, is the badge of the Eighth Army Corps on one side and the Roman
fasces on the opposite side. The lower band, forming the toe of the scabbard.
Is ornamented with a monogram of the letters, "t\ S."
The blade is of the finest steel, made in accordance with the United States
army regulations in every respect. On one side of it is etched and gilded
General Funston's now famous reply to General Mac Arthur's inquiry as to the
strength of his position on a certain occasion: "I can hold the position until my
regiment is mustered out." On the opposite Side of the blade is the presentation
inscription: "Presented to Brigadier General Frederick Funston by the people of
Kansas."
With the exception of the blade, every particle of metal in the sword is of
fine sterling silver, while all the ornaments on pommel, scabbard, guard and
belt mountings, etc., are heavily gold plated. The belt and sword knot are of
the finest material, and in strict accordance with army regulations. The mono
gram on the guard is of diamonds and the whole is executed in the highest
class of workmanship. A handsome case, lined with chamois and with silver
name plate, completes the very handsome testimonial to the distinguished Kan
sas soldier.— Baltimore American.
PLAN OF CALL'S " HOME STUDY CIRCLE " IS BEYOND PRAISE
County Superintendent of Schools Howard Says the List of Contributors
Will Insure Success.
Sacramento, Oot. 14, 1899.
Editor San Francisco Call, San
Francisco, Cal. — Dear Sir: The
Call' s Home Study Circle has cer
tainly a list of contributors
whose work will insure its success .
The plan is beyond praise and I.
hope that the results may be com
mensurate with it.
Very respectfully,
County Superintendent Schools.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
PATRIOTIC— P. I* G.. Downieville, Cal.
It Is proper to pronounce the word "patri
otic" as if written p:it-ri-ot-ik or pa-tri
ot-ik. •
FROZEN POULTRY— A. S.; City. If
frozen poultry from the East was not
wholesome it would be condemned by the
food inspectors.
HISTORY OF THE UNITED STATES
—P. L. G.. Downieville, Cal. The history
of the United States in the series of Cali
fornia State text books is a concise one.
ARITHMETIC— M. 8., City. This de
partment does not solve problems or an
swer questions in arithmetic. The ques
tion asked is .so simple that any 10-year
old boy can answer it.
AN INCH OF RAIN-R. I. R., City. An
inch of rain falling upon an area of one
square mile is equivalent to 2,323,200 cubic
B. F. HOWARD,
County S v perin
tendent of Schools,
Sacramento.
feet, or nearly 17.500.000 pallors, and this
quantity of water will weigh 145,200,000
pounds, or 72,603 short tons.
PAWNBROKERS— L. C, City. The
rate of Interest which pawnbrokers are
allowed to charge is 2 per cent.
WHO WROTE IT?— A correspondent
from French Gulch wants to know if any
reader of this department can inform him
wht>re he can find a poem In which oc
cur the lines:
The soldiers who hurried -the dead away
Disturbed not the clasp of that last embrace.
DEBATES— M. L. G., City. This de
partment does not furnish ideas to one
who intends to tnke part in a debate.
One who enters into a debate is required
to furnish his or her individual reasons
for the side of the question taken, and not
merely repeat the ideas or reasons of
others.
CITIZENSHIP— A subscriber, City. Ifj
a citizen of the United States went to
England" became a citizen thereof and
rhen returned to the United states, ne
cou?d motr not exercise the rights he/orderly
exercised when once a citizen thereof. He
would be an alien as much as a foreigner
who had never been in the L^ed btates
No man can be a citizen of two countnes
at the same time.' - ; ;
HEIGHT OF MAN-F.A. H..City. There
Is a director of physical culture named
Studer in the city of Detroit who said:
"You bring a boy of 16 years of age and
leave him with me for four or five year?.
I will change his weight, height and tem
perament and will equip him with a force
that will be fine and robust by making
him follow certain exercises." but ne does
not agree to Increase the height of anj
one wno has attained the age or _.J. t.y
that age a man has become tuny de
veloped, and it is-doubtful if any amount
of exercise, will add to his height.
PEACE AND COMMISSIONERS— J. S.,
Downey, Cal. The peace commission in
the recent Spanish-American war was
composed on the part of the United States
of W. R. Day of Ohio, Cushman K. Davis
of Minnesota, William P. Frye of Maine,
George Gray of Delaware, and Whltelaw
Reid of New York: on the part of Spain,
of Eugene Montero RJos, Buenaventura
Abarzuza, M. W. Z. de Villaurrutia, Gen
eral R. Cerrero, and M. J. de Garnica.
The treaty provided for the rehnqulsn
ment of Cuba, cession of Porto Rico, ces
sion of the Philippines for $20,000,000 as
compensation, plans for the return or
Spanish prisoners in the hands of the
Tagals, the cession of barracks, war ma
terial, etc., renunciation by each of the
two nations -of their respective claims
against each other and the citizens of
each other, granting to Spanish trade
and shipping at the Philippines the same
treatment as American trade ana
shipping for ten years, the release of all
political prisoners and prisoners of war
held by Spain in territory acquired by
the United States, guaranteeing the leeal
rights of Spaniards remaining In Cuba,
establishing relisrious freedom In the Phil
ippines, composition of courts, and ad
ministration of justice in Cuba and Porto
Rico, continuing for five years Spanish
copyrights in ceded territories admitting
Spanish books free, establishment of
Spanish consulates in the ceded terri
tories, same treatment for ten years to
Spanish vessels as is accorded to Ameri
can ones at Cuba and Porto Rico, obli
gations of the United States to Spanish
citizens and property to terminate with
the withdrawal of the United States au
thorities from the islands, treaty to be
ratified within six months of signing.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Charles Teague, one of the leading busi
ness men of Fresno, is at the Grand.
K. W. Brown, a wealthy oil speculator,
is registered at the Lick from Oil City.
Carjeton Gray, one of the principal fruit
men of Oroville, is a guest at the Grand.
R. A. Eddy, a wealthy mining man of
Montana, is at the Palace accompanied
by his wife.
Robert Catton, a prominent supar
planter of Honolulu, is at the Occidental
accompanied by his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Johnston and niece.
Miss Fannie Wand, sailed on the Gaelic
last Tuesday for Hongkong, on a tour
around the world.
Captain C. de P. Coudert, who has been
attached to the staff of General Hall in
Manila, returned yesterday on the Cityof
Sydney, and is now at the Palace. Cap
tain Coudert Is the son of Frederick Cou
dert, the famous New York lawyer.
Lieutenant F. Vitate, military attache
of the Italian legation at Washington,
Is at the Palace, where he arrived yester
day on the City of Sydney from Manila.
Lieutenant Vitate has been with cur
armies at the fron* for some time past,
witnessing our operations against the
Filipinos.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— A. A. Farquar
and wife of San Francisco are at the
Wellington; Al.bert Fisher and wife of
San Francisco are at the National.
Knights of Honor.
Anchor Lodge was recently con
solidated with Liberty Lodge in the
presence of- so many that the hall would
not accommodate all who wished to wit
ness the ceremony. After the work of
the evening there was an adjournment to
a large hall, where there was spread a
fine banquet, and addresses were deliv
ered by Dictator J. A. Johnson, Grand
Dictator Archibald, Grand Reporter
Johnstone, Grand Past Dictator Learned,
Ben I. Salomon and E. G. Eisen, a vocal
solo by A. E. Rowe and a number of short
talks, stories and musical selections.
So great was the success of the recent
picnic of the order that it has been de
cided to give another on the 30th of next
May.
Yerba Buena Lodge at its meeting on
last Monday initiated four strangers, and
the work was witnessed by Grand Dicta
tor Archibald, Grand Vice Dictator Hol
comb, Grand Reporter Johnston and
J. A. Johnson, dictator of Liberty
Lodge, and also a large delegation
from that lodge. The visitors, in ad
dresses, greatly praised the officers for
the work, which they performed in a
manner which reflected great credit upon
them.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ • ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by t».e
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mon.
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. • .
Judgment by Default.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
rendered Judgment by default yesterday
in favor of the plaintiff for $17,446 87 in
the suit of Albert U. Wyman, as receiver
in the Nebraska Fire Insurance Company,
vs. Samuel R. Johnson. The suit was
based on a judgment recovered in the
District Court of Douglas County, Ne
braska, in 15f'2.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty ypars by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and 1b the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
■Winslow's Poothinp Syrup. 25c a bottle.
HOTEL, DEL. CORONADO— Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days" board at ho
tel: longer stay. $2 50 per day. Apply at 4 New
Montgomery street, Pan Francisco.
Yesterday's Insolvents.
R. W. Scholefleld. laborer, Sacramento,
$730 15; no assets. George Henry Lee, real
estate dealer, San Francisco, $2732 54; no
assets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Children
in school? Then you have
often heard them complain
of headache; have frequently
noticed how they go about
in a listless, indifferent way,
haven't you?
t3 TyU Br , C C? »
>COU6 CmttfeiCTL
does grand things for such
children. It brings a healthy
color to their cheeks,
strengthens their nerves, and
gives them the vigor that be-
longs to youth. All delicate
children should take it.
_ ___ soc. and $i.oo, all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemisu, New YorkPAXJSON & CO.'S STEW STOBES.
>ry boy should have one of
suits.
a the reduced price it would be
i economy to buy more than one
&f?^yH suit -
s^J% They are actually worth $3.50 Ipi
i and $4.oo— the price they regu- |p
f^Jfc/Tl larly sell for.
1 Vi^gf f J But we want y° u t0 now the w§
Uj§3frW| boys' department — hence the ||||
BrOII jffl price,
man iHBB /T*
whim *K^*4-«y°
WL LH reljSS Plain colors, fancy checks and rolxtures, Tweeds,
H f*n itHW Serges and Cheviots, all sizes, In a variety of stylas. ff^^
mAS DAiicnus jp nn 3
8 X Im 1 1 In i\S 111 fc v ' : ,^
■ I nUvUi! vS4 UUi
"WORLD BEATERS FOR OVERCOATS," ||p|
j 918-922 MARKET ST. 200-204 KEARNY ST. ||
■■ Opposite the Emporium. Northeast oor. Sutter.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIATHEAIERi-b<
LAST a NIQHTB AND " A MATINEES
7 /TO-NIGHT. \/ /SATURDAT,\
• " { To-morrow Night J' 1 ' VBDND.Y. )
"A BREACH OF PROMISE"
I EVENINQS-750, 60s, 250 | MATINEES— 26c |
♦ "*"
&■> ~£iL n ■ I SUNDAY
v&I- Cflmmenrinß | NIGHT,
jm brown's
JT TOWN.
IStfiWt*^ Receives All Next Week
COLUMBIA vsSss
UP TO & INCLUDING SATURDAY NIOHT!
MATINEE SATURDAY. .
DUNNE AND RYLEY PRESENT
HOYT'S Most Celebrated Farce.
A Milk White Flag
Rfl£ The Popular
D%. OtllUrll, Comedians.
MATHEWS AND BULGER,
In the Latest Revision of
"By the Sad Sea Waves/
Special Comedy Season Prices, fl. 75c, EOc. 25c.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
MATINEE TO-MORROW" AT 2:15 O'CLOCK.
ADVANCE CALIFORNIA.
Genuine and Unanimously Conceded Triumph
of H. J. Stewart's and Clay M. Greene's
Comic Opera,
THE
CONSPIRATORS !
Which Will B» Presented Ever*- Evening Till
Further Notice.
A FORMIDABLE RIVAL TO
"ROBIN HOG])."
POPULAR PRICES— DOo. 35c, 25c, 15c and 10c.
A Good Rpserved StoX at Saturday Matinee 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER
REMARKABLE PRODUCTION.
EVERY NIGHT AT 8.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY
AT 3. -'■".•:
THE THREE
MUSKETEERS!
THE TALK OF THE CENTURY!
EXTRAORDINARY SCENERY!
Costumes made especially for this presentation.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY" CLUB—
■Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY, 3ep-
tember 23. 1899.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. .:
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday, Rain or chine.
Five or more races each day. :
Racs start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Ban Francisco at 12 m. and
12:20, 1. 1:801, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m .. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
AH train* via Oakland Mole connect with dan
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
meda Mole connect with £an Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland
These electric cars go direct to the track In at-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains >ay* the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS" H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
\*Jy FAVORITE
SCRIPTHW
X FOR WEAIi WOWEW ! .
»nflT*f" nn\ni Corner Fourth and
UHIL nUIHL^ n a r'4t. L
Valises checked free.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
SPECIAL SATURDAY MATINEE.
To-morrow Evening and Sunday Night,
Offenbach' 8 Great Comic Opera,
"La Belle Helens,"
The Most Delightful Production In Years!!
Everyone In Town Talking About It!!
Next Monday Evening, Meyerbeer's Great
Tragic Grand Opera,
"L'AFRICfIINE."
Avedano, Saiassa, Wanrell, Anna Ltchter, Ada
Walker, etc.
Four Performances of "THE BOHEMIAN
. GIRL/
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 600
__^ . Telephone for Spats. Bush 9.
WRIGHT HUNTINGTON,
MISS ADELE FRANCIS and GEO. FARREN.
MISS LAURA BURT, SADA. VINIE DE-
WITT, WALTON'S ACROBATIC SIMIANS.
MLLE. ERNA'S TRICK AND MUSICAL
DOGS.
— L— O— T— T— T—
The Sensation of the Season.
TOM BROWN, THE FLORENZ TROUPE.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c: Opera Chairs
and Box Seats. 50c.
MATINEES — Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
MAJOR MITE, Smallest Actor on Earth.
ADGIE and HER LIONS, High Diver.
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
SATURDAY NIGHT*. Reproduction of the
Last Round of the CORBETT-FITZSIMMONS
Fight In conjunction with the JEFFRIES-
FITZSIMMONS and PALMER-McQOVERN
contests.
Phone for Seats, Park 23.
OPEN FROM 1 UNTIL J2 P. M.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
Is now the funniest resort in America, Coney
Island transferred to 6a n Francisco to make
every one laugh; everything new and novel.
Pronounced by thousands to be the real thing.
PROFESSOR HILL. King of the Wire, Is a
wonder.
Admission to all attractions and ride. 10c.
HANDSOME PRESENTS FOR ALL.
4v<s;<- DR JORDAN'S great,)
iHUSEUH OF ANATOMY'
A Cb lCslJUBXETST.tot.6ii*7tli.B.r&i| i
\ <ZjF The Largest Anatomical Museum In the
9 gijksk World. Weaicn»'»« or any cor.trsctsd t I
%. jSttfji disease p«-»iii»«-ly,areilliythr oldest-'
W leal bpeaa:i«cnthcCot.t Est. years I I
i &f&f fi DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES ,j
X JTWS^Sn Consultation free and stri^tty private \
Q i Jff^Lti ~" l ' mr^ personally nr by inter. A A
!T I W<S ■ Pm.tive Curt in rverj- case undertaken. \
as 1 \ \\i& w rite fir IViok.PIIII.OMOS'IIY e« i
"U I* ■*»»«»■*«•■:. MAILED FREE. (AT
1 (J |], valuable book foi mrnj \
7 OR JURDAK A «'<»., 1051 Market St. B. F. 9
• •*•••• »-»--»■ »»»«.«.,«»,«♦♦»,
4 < 1
1 1 Transcontinental tourists and tray- - ,
 elers from all over the United States
( ! show their appreciation of the excel- '
lence of the ■ . '
[ PALACE a»o
GRAND :
by making: these hotels their headquar- '
ters while In San Francisco. Fourteen >
i hundred rooms. 900 with .baths— largest <
i and finest in the world. i
I JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK, Manager.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORW-
tor and Nervine. . 
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
ney* and Bladder. Sells on Its own Merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
823 Market street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
REYNOLD'S .^
pft I] 8 ! 1 Specific
W-*Ju I Few persona need
Vr B l* confined by
Gout or Rheumatism, « on the flrstapproach
oftlie paroxyrm they have recourse to tfiis rem-
cdv; then, ft single dote Is oft«i sufficient.
l-Ol OEKA A CO.. »«.»O K. William SC.V.*.
"DDTTOXJI7O F^ 3ll BARBERS. : DAK-
£I LJ on l!iO«r8. bootblacks. b<Uh-
************* house*, billiard tablet.
brewers, bookbinders, randy-makers, canners.
<Jy«ra. flour mills, foundries.-, laundries, paper-
iiirigers. printers, painter*, '"■ "ho*  factories,
■tablemen, tar-roofer*, tanner*, tailors, ■ eto.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
PRESIDENT IS
ASKED TO GIVE
CHIPMAN SEAT
Southern Pacific Now
Unmasked.
HERRINGS HANDIWORK SHOWN
Candidate of the Business Men of the
Pacific Coast for Interstate
Commissioner Opposed by
the Railroad.
The Southern Pacific Company is now
openly opposing the selection of the can
didate of the Pacific Coast .Jobbers' and
Manufacturers' Association for the posi
tion of Interstate Commerce Commission
er—W. R. Wheeler of this city. A peti
tion, drawn up bfr Judge R. B. Carpenter,
at the Instigation of W. F. Herrln,
chief of the law department of the
Southern Pacific Company, and taken
personally by him to prominent
citizens of San Francisco and Los
Angeles for signatures, asking for the
appointment of General Chipman from
President McKlnley, Is already In Wash
ington and in the President's hands. The
petition bears the names of several prom
inent citizens of California, among them
the names of Federal judges, a trustee
of the Mechanics' Institute, an officer of
i the Merchants' Association, also the name
| of a leading officer of the San Francisco
Board of Trade and others not known at
this writing.
The history of the matter Is this: Soon
j after the seafin the Interstate Commerce
I Commission became vacant representa
! tiveß of the Southern Pacific Company
called upon certain leading merchants 01'
this city and told them that they desired
that the appointment should be given to
i General Chipman. The m%rchant«, know-
I ing that a man acquainted with business
i and traffic conditions was needed, refused
Ito elgn for Chipman. Judge Carpenter
i then personally called upon- certain per-
I sonal friends of Chipman and.also upon
others and secured their signatures by
; representations of various kfmls. The
! pttition was then placed in the hands of
I Senator Perkins and was forwarded by
| him to President McKlnley. Senator Per
! kins said yesterday that he had forward-
I ed the petition only just as he had pc-
I titions for several others who have also
: aspired to the position of commissioner.
The Southern Pacific Company acted
quicker than could the merchants, who
did not take any concerted action until
the present week, when the meeting of
the Pacific Coast Jobbers' - and Manu
facturers' Association was held in this
city. The merchants are doing all they
can to forward the candidacy of Mr.
■\Yhet-ler, who was the unanimous choice
i of the executive committee of the Pa
cific Coast Association, representing the
business of the coast from Puget Sound
to San Diego.
They will send a petition to President
McKinley In a few days and will try to
I enlist the support of all the Congressional
representatives of the Pacific Coast in the
interest of their choii-e- Mr. Wheeler.
This news will come as a surprise to near
ly all the mercantile community. It jus
tifies everything that was said by The
Call concerning the Southern Pacific Com
pany's attempt to seat Chipman.
BELATED FILIPINOS
WARDS OF THE ARMY
IN THE CASTJAI, CAMP AWAIT
ING TRANSPORTATION.
They Bay They Were Turned Adrift
From the Omaha Exposition.
Regittients Arriving.
Fourteen belated Filipinos were sent out
to the Presidio yesterday to find quarters
in the casual camp until the Government
•can send them home on one of the trans
ports.
The Filipinos were membersof the troupe
of singers that was exhibited at the
Omaha Exposition. They say that their
contract was that they were to have all
their expenses paid, and some of them
were to receive $5 a month in addition.
They declare that they have received
nothing for two months, however, and that
they are In destitute circumstances. They
reached here last Monday, and since then
they have been living anywhere they
could. Some friends gave some of them
the use of two empty rooms, but they
could not be provided for all the time, so
GerTeral Shatter was appealed to. He
had them tent out to the camp, and there
they will stay until they can be taken
home. More of them will drift in from
Omaha in the next few days, for there
were forty in the troupe, and they have
been scattered all the way from Omaha
to this city. They have no friends and
cannot make any fight for the money they
say Is due them, so they were In danger
of becoming public charges when General
Shafter made them wards of the army.
A few of them have shown a desire to
remain in this country if they can find
Work, but It is not likely th«y will be al
lowed to do 80. The understanding was
that when they had finished their exinbi
tion they should be returned to the
islands by the exposition people; other
wise it is doubtful If they yrould have
been allowed admission.
The Tw.>nty-eighth Regiment is short at
leaßt one man. He showed up at the
general hospital yesterday much the
worse for wear, and explained that he
had missed the transport. He said too. in
justification, that he had broken his leg
and had been otherwise injured, the
presumption being that he had received
the injuries in a mad rush to catch the
vessel. He had no bones broken, how
ever, and he was turned over to the guard
* NEW ADVERT T SEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 26, 1899.
Editor of The Call: A vote for Horace Davis is an endorse-
ment of the administration of President McKinley. Party issues
are involved in this campaign to a greater extent than ever before
known in a municipal election. Every Republican has watched
with deepest satisfaction the marvelous progress of our country
under the wise and patriotic guidance of William McKinley. Dur-
ing the past three years from the Atlantic to the Pacific every in-
dustry has throbbed with renewed life, every enterprise has pros-
pered beyond the most sanguine expectations. California and San
Francisco stand to-day upon the threshold of an area of progress
such as has never before presented itself, and which if not taken ad-
vantage of now will never offer itself to us again. It would be little
short of criminal not to grasp the present opportunity. The defeat
of Horace Davis would be a staggering blow to the administration
that has brought about this happy condition; the Republican who
fails in his duty now helps to destroy the prosperity of the coun-
try. Let every man who has the welfare of his State and city at
heart rally to the support of Horace Davis, and thus pledge his
fealty to his party and his country.
to be kept in confinement until another
transport sails. A sentry will see that
he is not behind time again.
To-morrow thd Kansas men -will be
mustered out, and already preparations
for departure are being made. The regi
ment will ytart East on a special train
about noon on Sunday. It is a week ear
lier than was at first Intended, but poli
tics in Kansas could not stand the home
coming of the regiment and the election
at the same time, so the work of. muster
ing out was hurried along.
It was at first supposed the idea was
to get the men home in time for the elec
tion, but that was not the reason. It
was figured that if the original date wa9
adhered to— November 3— the men would
return just on election day. There would
be a big time in Topeka, every one would
flock in from the country and the elec
tion would have to run itself. The poli
ticians of the State drafted a telegram
to the War Department, setting forth all
these facts and requesting that the dato
of mustering out be hurried or delayed so
that the home-coming of the men "would
not interfere with the voting. The an
ewer was a change in the date from No
vember 8 to October 2S.
Acting Assistant Surgeon James B.
Pascoe has been ordered to report at the
general hospital at the Presidio for tem
porary duty, pending his assignment to
duty in Manila.
Acting Assistant Surgeon John T. H.
Slay tor has been ordered to proceed to
Portland on the transport Lenox for duty
with the troops to be sent from there oh
that transport.
The trains carrying the Forty-sixth In
fantry and the Thirty-eighth Infantry ar
rived at the Oakland mole last evening
and the troops will be marched to camp
this morning. The Forty-sixth ia from
Boston and the Thirty-eighth from Fort
Riley, Kansas.
DR. FORSTER CHARGED
WITH MANSLAUGHTER
THE PILL BOX PRACTITIONER '
ARRESTED.
Result of the Inquest Into the Cause
of the I>eath of Thos. J. Malley
Upon the Operating Table.
A Coroner's jury yesterday charged Dr.
William Foreter and Dr. Donald Maclean
with manslaughter in their verdict in the
case of the death of Thomas J. Malley,
who died .on the operating table of the '
Pill Box Drug Store, 1059 Market street,
last Sunday. Dr. Forster And his clerk
were engaged in applying chloroform to
the deceased while Dr. Maclean was
about to begin an operation for phymosis.
There was present at the time Walter
McCann, a friend of the deceased. Mc-
C'ann had been a member of the United
States Hospital Corps at Manila and the
deceased was a discharged California sol
dier.
Dr. Maclean testified that Dr. Forster
administered the chloroform and kept the
patient's pulse in hand, while the witness
prepared to begin the operation. Malley
was talking while the drug was being ad
ministered and when the witness applied
a clamp Malley made an exclamation,
showing that he had not become uncon
scious. When there was a convulsive
movement of the patient's legs— a com
mon occurrence in such cases and usually
followed by unconsciousness and insensi
bility to pain— McCann said that the pa
tient was in danger— that too much chlor
oform was being administered, or some
thing to that effect, but the witness did
Hot pay any attention to the remark, he
being convinced that there was no danger.
At that moment the witness asked Dr.
Forster to hand him an Instrument and
Forster left the patient for half a minute
and returned with the instrument. Then
it was that the witness noticed that the
patient was in danger, and he and Dr.
Foster Immediately set to work at induc
ing artiticial respiration, but were unsuc
cessful.
Dr. Forster admitted that his drugstore
cierk assisted him in administering the
drug. On cross-examination by Coroner
Hill, Forster admitted that he had been
summoned to appear before the Board of
Health and produce his diploma as a
doctor. He had failed to appear because
at that time he had no diploma. He suc
ceeded in getting a diploma in May of
last year.
AValter McCann testified that Forster ami
his clerk did not appear to administer the
drug skillfully and that the chloroform
was poured Oirt in such large quantities
by Forster and the clerk that the liquid
ran down the neck of the deceased. He
warned Forster about the danger, but no
attention was paid to his warning.
Dr. Forster's appearance and the manner
in which he gave his testimony created
a bad impression upon the Jury and had
much to do with the severity of their
verdict.
Forster was arrested later In the day
and was released on bonds. The case
against him will be vigorously prosecuted.
Dr. Maclean was arrested in the even
| ing and also charged with manslaughter.
Ili- wns Boon released by Judge Treadwell
on his own recognisance.
Fraud! Fraud! Where is Beamish? I
have traded with him for twenty years.
They will say he Is out of business. Why?
Keen use he is now paying a low rent; and
if you will only trouble yourself to call at
219 Montgomery street, Russ House
block, he will give you your moneys
worth and more, too. Lrow rent; small ex
pense; high erade goods; all latest novel
ties; prices will suit you. If you do not
buy it will pay you at least to call at
Beamish' 8 new store, 200 Montgomery
street, Russ House block. High grade
goods at low grade prices. Immense as
sortment. •
Marshal Shine Goes East.
United States Marshal John H. Shine
left last Wednesday evening, with his
wife and son, on a trip to the East. Mrs.
Shine and her son will stop off at Chi
cago and there await the return of Mr.
Shine, who will go to Portland. Me., hav
ing in custody William Leland. a soldier
whom the Marshal arrested at the Yount
ville Home on a warrant from the Fed
eral authorities In Maine for falsely
swearing to an application for a pension.
This Is the Marshal's first visit Bast for
thirty-five years.
The Original Little Beneficencia Publics
Co- of San Francisco. Drawing
October 26, 1890.
No. 78TO0 wins WTr.fl. told in San Francisco
I Cal. ; No. 22229 win? flttO, sold In San Fran
' cieco. Cal.; No. 52'<2r, wins JfiCo. Bold | n San
Francisco, Cal.: Nop. 3421. 42723. 45.230. 464TS nn.]
j 77W.T each wins 562 50, sold in San Francisco and
i Oakland, Cal., and Virginia City. Xpvada •
CALIFORNIA MAY
ADD A MILLION
TO HER INCOME
Commercial Outlook
for Figs.
PROFESSOR SWINGLE'S HOPES
If the Moths Now in the State Shall
Survive the Winter the State
Will Be Greatly Bene
fitted.
One million of dollars per annum can
be eusily added to the Income of Cali
fornia, In the opinion of Professor Walte*
T. Swingle of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture, by cultivating ligs.
Professor Swingle has been touring the
State and keenly observing. His conclu
sion is that the foothill region of Califor
nia is excellently adapted to the growing
of fig orchards and is like the natural
home of the tig. Imported figs are now
selling on the Atlantic coast at the extra
ordinary rate of fiOOO per ton, and there
are few to- be had at that price. If Cali
fornia had a fig crop now it would be as
good as a gold mine.
"California ought to raise figs enough
for the whole United States," said Pro
fessor Swingle to a Call reporter. "I am
satisfied that the possibility of so doing
will be demonstrated satisfactorily."
The explanation of this is that \i the fig
moth, brought from Asia by Professor
Swingle in Capri ligs, shall -survive the
frosts the problem of fertilizing the figs,
which has puzzled generations of Califor
nians, will be settled. It has heretofore
been supposed that the only 'way to intro
duce the fig moth Into California was to
Import small Capri fig trees in pots and
I wait for them to grow. Professor bwin
| gle had adopted the more direct method
! and brought them In figs, the ligs being
wrapped in tin foil. A Journey across the
I Mediterranean Sea, the Atlantic Ocean
and the North American continent dicr
not hurt the moth In the least. There
are many samples of the moth in the
State now, all so imported and all are
i doing well.
If the moths survive the frost this win
ter, the way will be blazed out for the fu
ture industry, which cannot but prove an
Important addition to the State's .com
mercial resources.
Professor Swingle says that he thinks
that it Is also possible to introduce the
fruit-bearing cactus into California suc
cessfully. This is something like the
prickly pear, with the "prickers" left out.
The fruit is of a dull, red color and
tastes something like a canteloupe. In
Arabia this fruit grows on the desert and
does not need any water to thrive. There
are large tracts in California, now produc
ing no revenue, that might be made to
pay well with crops of this Arabian fruit.
Professor Swingle is Investigating care
fully concerning the outlook for the date
palm in California.
The shortage in the Asiatic fig crop
ought to supply a market for any Califor
nia black figs fit to send forward this sea
son. Black dried figs have already been
sold, in small quantities, in the East, at
very good prices.
Grand Entertainment and Social.
A grand entertainment and social will
be given for the benefit o£ the Pacific
Chnstian Hospital under the auspices of
the Ladies' Auxiliary at the Young Men's
Christian Association building audito
rium, corner of Mason and Ellis streets,
this (Friday) evening, October 27, at 8
o'clock sharp. Admission, including re
freshments of icecream and cake, 35
cents. Tickets for sale at Y. M. C. A.
office.
The entertainment will begin with a
ten-minute address by Mayor Phelan. fol
lowed by a magnificent programme in
which the following celebrated talent will
take part:
Miss A. J. Gardner and Mrs. A. C.
"Wyckoff, piano duo; Miss Clara May Rus
sell, elocutionist; Miss Carrie Bright, vio
iinipt; Miss Merrihew, soprano; Herr Carl
Schwertfeger, barytone; Al Flazzard, ven
triloquist; Paul wlsmer, 'cellist; Mrs.
Giesy and pupils. Misses Engelhart and
Farrell, Indian club swinging; Miss Nel
lie Waters, musical novelty; Misses Lil
lian Copping, Evelyn Dickey and Ada
Norton, trio.
At the close of the entertainment the
committee will serve icecream and home
made cake to ' all who attend. Mrs.
Delchmiller, the chairman, urgently re
quests all who will to donate cakes and
send them to room 3, fifth floor, Y. M. C.
A. building, marked "Pacific Hospital."
All cakes left over will be donated to the
Eureka Society for the Protection of
Children. __"
ROBBED WHILE THE
FAMILY WERE DINING
Daring Burglary Committed in the
Western Addition by a Gang of
Clever Crooks.
Despite the ceaseless effort to capture
them, the gang of crooks who success
fully hurglarlzed the residences of Mrs.
S. 11. Proctor, 1917 Webster street; Attor
ney Barclay Henley, 2131 Green street, and
A. Maxfield, 1314 Washington street, and
' other residents last Tuesday night, are
1 still plying their nefarious calling. De
scriptions of the articles taken from the
| residences named have been given to the
I detectives, hut no trace of the valuables
1 has been revealed. The officers whoso
beats are in the Western Addition have re
ceived instructions to be on their guard
and arrest suspicious characters found in
their vicinity.
On Wednesday right the thieves re
newed their unlawful work. They en
tered the home of Robert H. Postle
thwaite, 1315 I>eavenworth street, while the
family were at dinner and boldly walked
! off with nuggets and jewelry. The rob-
I bery occurred at 7 o'clock, and was s<>
cleverly executed that it was not dis
covered until an hour later, when the
Chief of Police was notified.
The police believe two men did the
"trick, and the thoroughness with which
it was done impresses them with the
: opinion that the thieves were perfectly
acquainted with the habits of the family.
i The burglars gained access to the house
by opening the front door with a skeleton
key and then cautiously crept upstairs
1 tn the landing. While one of the fellows
1 hid In the dimly lighted hallway, watch-
Ing the family and some guest* ai dinner,
the other entered the sleeping apartments
in search of valuables. He forced open
a bureau drawer and took therefrom a
i half dozen nugget?, a gold watch and a
number of trinkets, and then continued
! his search in an adjoining apartment ior
nmro Spoil. The thief who kept watch
| evidently became frightened, uh the ser
vant girl had passed him in the hallway
lon her way to nn adjoining room. He
warned his pal and they took a hurried
1 departure, leaving the drawers wide open
I and other evidences of their visit.
When informed Of the robbery. Chief
Leefl Bent two of his men to the house,
i and they thoroughly examined the prem-
I ises, in the hope of finding the culprits.
Mrs. PostlethWalte was greatly shocked
I by the occurrence and declined to make
any statement of her losses. Last night
one lit' the family visited the Chief's office
and Inquired If a trace of the valuables
I had been found, but received a negative
i reply. Every effort will be made to cap
! ture the gang, as its operations in the
i Western Addition are becoming alarming.
J. H. CULVER DEAD.
Superintendent of the Cogswell
School Dies From an Operation. '
James H. Culver, trustee of the Me
chanics' Institute and superintendent of
the Cogswell Polytechnic School, died yes
terday morning from shock following an
operation f"r cancer. Mr. Culver had
been in ill health for three years, but up
to a short time ago attended regularly to
his many duties. He had been identified
for years with the affairs of the Mechan
ics' Institute and managed successfully
a number of its fairs, having acted as
secretary for over twenty years. Besides
his duties as superintendent of the Cogs
well School he also handled all of the
Cogswell private interests and had estab
lished a most enviable record in the busi
ness world as well as in the social. The
funeral services will take place from the
family residence at 1111 Mason street.
THE CALLS
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE ORATOR OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton.
GREAT AMERICAN STATE EN.
• Contributors to this course: Professor Albert B'.iFhnell Hart, Profoss=or John Bach Mc-
Mnster, Professor Charles H. Smith, Dr. Frederic W. Spelrs. Professor Andrew C. Mc-
L.miehlin and others.
11. PATRICK HENRY.
BY FREDERIC W. SPEIRS, PH. D.
Early Career.
Patrick Henry was born in 1736. He
thus reached manhood at that momentous
period of American history when events !
were shaping themselves for the great
revolution, and in that stirring drama he
was destined to play a most brilliant part.
But his earlier years gave small promise
of the distinguished service which "has
made his name familiar to all Americans.
Although he was of excellent family and
might have enjoyed good educational ad
vantages, he displayed no special aptitude
for anything except woodcraft. At 16 his
father established him In trade. This en
terprise speedily failed. And then, as one \
of his biographers puts it, "having attain
ed the ripe age of 18, and being then en
tirely out of employment, and equally out
of money, Patrick rounded out his em
barrassments and gave symmetry to
them, as it were, by getting married— and i
that to a young ■■■VBVBVBJ
woman quite as lm- HHVHhHhHhJ
pecunious as him- HHVHVHVHhJ
self." After his ■■■■■■■■■I
marriage he tried HBVBVBVBVJ
farming, and when HHhHhHhHhJ
that ended in fail- HBSBSBSBSJ
ure he. returned to HBVBVBVBVJ
shopkeeping. His HBVBVBVBVJ
second venture In HBVBhBhBhJ
trade soon proved - I
as disastrous as the HHVHhHhHhJ
first. Thereupon
this unsuccessful HBVBVBVBVJ
and unpromising
youth decided to en- HBSBhBhBhJ
ter. the profession of I
law, and with many
misgivings on the
part of the examln
ers he was admitted
to the Virginia bar.
Thus lngloriously
began the remark
able career which
was to be crowned
by the highest hon
or attainable in the
legal profession— the
proffer of the post
of Chief Justice of
the United States. ■■■■■■■■■I
Patrick Henry
soon established the
fart that the fail
ures in trade and
agriculture were not
to be repeated in his
new venture. He
poon made a credit- |
able local reputation.
and in 1765 he was sent to the Virginia
Legislature. Immediately upon his en
trance to public life he began a career of
meteoric brilliancy and of large signifi
cance for the American colonies.
The Stamp Act.
The student of American history will
remember that the year 1765 marks the
beginning of the end of the colonial re
lations of America and England. Just be
fore this time the British Ministry began
to rigidly enforce certain navigation laws
of the previous century, which restricted
our trade for the benefit of English mer
chants. At the same time Parliament be
gan the' policy of taxing the colonies
without their consent, for the support of
a standing army. The first important
measure of taxation on the new principle,
the stamp act, was passed in 1765, and
the colonies instantly flamed into indig
nant protest.
On receipt of the news of the passage
of the act the Virginia Legislature re
solved itself into a committee of the whole
House, "immediately to consider the
steps necessary to be taken in conse
quence of the resolutions of the House
of Commons of Great Britain relative to
the charging certain stamp duties in the
colonies and plantations in America." To
obey the law was to surrender the dearly
prized right of self-government— to resist
it was possibly treason. The seriousness I
of the situation was apparent to all. The
wisest counsel of the most experienced
leaders was needed at this juncture. But
to the surprise of the House the man
who presumed to speak at this crisis was
not a veteran statesman, but an un
known, uncouth young lawyer, a new
member of the Legislature. With calm j
audacity Patrick Henry proceeded to
move a. series of resolutions conceived in ]
a spirit of bold resistance to the stamp j
act. The principal resolution was as fol- !
lows: "Resolved, therefore, that the Gen
eral Assembly of this colony have the
only and exclusive right and power to
lay taxes and impositions upon the Inhab
itants of this colony; and that every*at
tempt to vest such power in any person ■
or persons' whatsoever, other than the j
General Assembly aforesaid, has a man
ifest tendency to destroy British as well
as American freedom."
The older leaders were startled by the
boldness of the attack on Parliament,
and opposed the radical resolutions with
all the force of their logic, but the young |
orator met the opposition with keen ar- !
gument and with a torrent of eloquence j
that swept the majority of the Assem
bly to his support. The famous Virginia
resolutions were adopted after a battle j
of two days. By a single speech the
young Virginian had won a place among
the leaders of public opinion in his col
ony. Patrick Henry left for home imme
diately after his victory, and on his de
parture the conservatives succeeded in j
forcing a reconsideration and a modifica
tion of the resolutions, but the sweeping j
condemnation of the stamp act embodied i
in the original resolutions had meantime '
gone out to the country. This trumpet
call of Virginia to her sister colonies *to
resist unjust taxation unquestionably ex-*
erted a profound influence.
An Individual Declaration of War.
On March 20, 1775, a convention was as
sembled in Richmond to consider means
for putting the colony in a position of
defense. It was at this convention that
Patrick Henry, speaking not to Virginia
alone, but to the whole sisterhood of col
onies, declared that the time for peace
ful negotiations had passed and the hour
had struck fur war. As a mere bit of
oratory hlfi famous speech of 1775 is nota
ble, but as an epoch-making revelation of
the unconscious sentiment of a nation
its delivery Is one of the most important
events of the revolutionary period. The
oft-quoted speech first reviewed In mas
terly fashion the attempt of the colonies
to preserve by peaceful methods the an
cient rights of Englishmen. And then,
after art inspiring presentation of the
strength of 3,000,000 of people "armed in
the holy cause of liberty," the speaker,
with all the dramatic power of his won
derful oratory, closed with the majestic
peroration so. familiar to all Americans:-
Oentlemen may cry peace, peace, but there
is nc peace. The war is actually begun. The
next gale that sweeps from the north will
brlnp to our ears the clash of resounding arms.
Our brethren are already in the field. Why
stand we here idle? What Is It that gentle
men wish? What would they have? Is life
so dear, or peace bo sweet, as to be purchased
at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it
Almighty God! I know not what course others
may take, but as for me, give ma liberty or
give me death!
"Patrick Henry's individual declaration
of war against Grea,t Britain," as Pro
fessor Tyler terms it, made a tremendous
impression upon the country. He bad
proclaimed openly what other men of his
position of influence had whispered under
their breath, and war came, as he pre
dicted, in less than a month.
The Critical Period.
The wnr over, we approach what Mr.
John Fiske calls "the critical period of
American history." In 1777, during the
stress of war, our first form of federal
government had been devised. The
'articles of confederation provided a very
weak national government, and as soon
j as the war was over the States, which
i had been held together by the force of
I necessity as they fronted a common en
i emy, began to drift apart. Exhausted by
] a long war, weighed down by heavy mi
i debtedness, demoralized by bad money
and distracted by threatened rebellions,
the nation that had so gloriously de
i fended its liberties against England was
! In grave danger of dissolution through
! civil strife. The statesmen began to real-
I ize the necessity for a more perfect union.
PATRICK HENRY.
and in May, 1787, there assembled in
Philadelphia a body of fifty-five men
charged with the momentous task of re
vising the articles of confederation. Pat
rick Henry was not a member of the Vir
ginian delegation. He refused the most
urgent invitations to participate in the
convention, for he had come to feel that
there was danger that the proposed re
vision would make the union so strong
as to imperil the liberty of the people ol
the States.
Opposition to the Constitution.
The possible opposition of the great
Virginia leader to the ratification by his
State of the proposed constitution was a
source of great anxiety to the advocates
of the stronger union, and when the con
stitution was adopted by the convention
Washington sent him a copy, with a
strong letter urging his favorable con
sideration. Patrick Henry replied: "I
have to lament that I cannot bring my
mind in accord with the proposed consti
tution. The concern I feel on this ac
count is really greater than I am able to
express."
The Virginia convention to consider the
constitution was convened on June 2, 1788.
Madison, who is sometimes called the
"father of the constitution," in recogni
tion of his great services in the conven
tion of ITS", led with consummate ability
| a strong group of supporters. Patrick
Henry, who had thrown himself in the
contest with his usual energy, marshaled
the forces of the opposition in a masterly
attack. But the eloquence of the great
advocate did not avail. For twenty-three
days battle royal raged, and then the
constitution was ratified by a narrow ma
| jority. - c •
The struggle over the ratification of the
constitution was Patrick Henry's last
| great battle in the arena of politics. Dur
ing his public career his legal practice had
necessarily been neglected, and, like many
other unselfish public servants, he found
himself approaching old age with his pri
vate fortune sadly impaired. Declining a
re . e l e ction to the Governorship in 1786,
after his fifth term, he returned to his
practice and soon repaired his fortune. In
17&4 ho retired from practice with a
competency.
In Retirement.
His strenuous opposition to the consti
tution cost him the friendship of many of
his former associates, and for a time there
was a cloud between him and Washing
ton. In a letter written soon after his
1 retirement he speaks thus of his attitude
toward the Government he had tried to
modify:
Since the adoption of the present constitu
tion I have generally moved in a narrow circle.
But In that I have never omitted to inculcate
a strict adherence to the principles of it. And
I have the satisfaction to think that In no part
cf the union have the laws been more pointedly
obeyed than in that where I have resided and
spent my time. Projects, indeed, of a contrary
tendency have been hinted to me; but the
treatment of the projectors has been such as
to prevent all intercourse with them for a
long time.
In 1795 cordial relations with Washing
ton were re-established, and the President
offered hip old friend the portfolio of
State. This honor he refused, and within
a few months he was offered the highest
Judicial position within the gift of the
President— that of Chief Justice of the
Supreme Court. But Patrick Henry couid
not be wooed from his retreat. He
courteously declined the Chief Justice
ship, and "within a year he also declined
the Governorship of Virginia. Two more
appeals for service reached him from the
outside world. President Adams request
ed him to act as -envoy to France at tho
crisis of our relations with the French Di
rectory, but Patrick Henry was now too
feeble to undertake the journey to Eu
rope. The last appeal was from Wash
ington, and this he honored. The violent
attacks on the administration of Adams,
which took form in the Virginia resolu
tions of 1798. had alarmed Washington,
and he asked Patrfok Henry to stand for
election to the Virginia House of. Repre
sentatives that he might "be a bulwark
against such dangerous pentiments as are
delivered there at present." The veteran
statesman consented, and emerged from
his retirement in 1799 to deliver one more
speech with much of his old-time fire. He
was duly elected, but -before the House
convened he died.
"A Mere Orator?"
Patrick Henry ranged himself against
the wisest statesmanship of hi 3 time when
he opposed the adoption of the Federal
constitution, and history has proved him
wrong. His fame has suffered severely
in consequence. Many critics have re
garded him as a mere orator of unusual
magnetism and fire, and have denied him
th* higher qualities of statesmanship, but
later research is tending to confirm the
opinion of his contemporary, John Adams
who asserted that he was a man ' of deep
reflection, ket>n sagacity, clear foresight.
dYriRK enterprise, inflexible .intrepidity
jand untaTnted integrity, with an ardent
! zeal for the liberties, the honor and felic
i ity of his country and his species.
7
• •8
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Increased exports of Salmon from this port.
Silver- and financial quotations unchanged.
Wheat lower, both on and off call.
Barley and Oats dull, but firmly held.
king new in Corn and Rye.
Brans continue in demand and firm.
Pry Hay getting scarce, most receipts being wet.
Best grades of Potatoes higher; rivers weak.
Onions and Vegetables firm.
Butter and Eggs continue weak and the latter art lower.
Poultry market still demoralized by excessive stocks.
Mallard Duck coming in from Utah.
I Vine Grapes sold up to $28 per ton.
Sudden lull in the demand for Dried Fruits.
Tallow sold up to 6c per pound. Hides firm.
Nothing new in Meats or Provisions.
Another advance in Bale Rope.
Charters.
The Centennial loads merehandlp* for Hono
lulu; Lurllne, merchandise for Kahulul.
The Kirkcudbrightshire load.- wheat at Port
land for Europe, 37s 6d— prior to arrival.
Exports of Salmon.
Exports of Salmon from this port by t ~ sea
flaring the first nine months of 1899 were
8f*.400 cases and 7622 packages, valued at $1.
--170,651, against 2P3.456 cases and S4OO packages
&t $511,570 during the same period in IS3S.
Gold Certificates. ■
Since the renewed issue of Gold Coin Or- '
t!flcates on August 7 over $100,000,000 has been
jpald out through the various sub-treasuries as i
follows:
Washington $4,188,910
UaJtimor.j .' 8,131,970
New York -. 45.«3,t:5«
Philadelphia 6,070,950
13.>flton 7.767,540
Cincinnati 1.201.100
Chicngo 14,241. 150
St. Louis 7.029.750
New Orleans 500.650
Ban Francisco 9,165,750
Total $101,161,460
The Copper Trade. ■
The product of American Copper mines for
September was 22,715 tons, which Is 4WO tons j
larger than for September, IS9S. Total for the
nine months ending September 30 is 191,222
tons, the largest on record, being an increase j
of 16.400 ton." over 189S, and 32.400 tons over
1597. Compared with 1896 there has been an
Increase of nearly M.OKt tons, and 67,091 tons
ever IW.. F.xoorfa from the United Stat--s 1
in September wen-. 75.13 tons, the smallest for
liny September since ISS?, and 3700 tons less I
than last year. Exports for the nine months !
wer*> $2,003 tons, against 100.342 tons last year, :
100.M? tons In 1887 and 53.220 tons In 1596. Eu
ropean mines produced 7SS9 tons last month i
and 166.150 tons for th«» nine months, which
Is about the average of the previous four years.
Weather Report.
SAN FRANCISCO, October 26-5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for tho past ;
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same data
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0-00 5.67 3.66
Red Bluff 0.00 2.62 0.83
Bacrasjento 0.00 3.6S 0.&0
Ran Francisco 0.00 8.60 1 87
Fresno 0.00 1.83 1.15
Independence 0.00 0.37 0.31
Baa Luis Oblspo 0.00 3.44 0.59
Los Angeles 0.00 1.48 0.18
San Diego O.'Y) 0.42 0.07
Yuma 0.00 0.03 0.18
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68; minimum, 43; m<>an, SS.
WISATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The' pressure continues high over the Rocky
Mountain region. During the past twenty-four
bows there has been a slight fall over Wash
ington and Northern Oregon.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary, except at San Francisco, where there
has been a rise of 12 degrees.
No rain has fallen in California.
A maximum wind velocity of 26 miles per
hour from the north Is reported at Yuma.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 27. 1893:
Northern California — Fair Friday, except
r-howers along the northern coast; light north
easterly winds.
Bout] California— Fair Friday; light north
easterly wlnds. •
Nevada- Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona Fair Friday.
Pah- Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
I'ghf fop in the morning, cloudy at night; light
northeast, changing to west, winds.
ALEXANDER G. MoADIH,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 26— The evidences of
h in yesterday's Bt ick market attracted
■ luitr a • tliis mornlnß. and
the market 'l-.irinc the ilr^t hi>ur t.^k the up
•xand course, w:tyi very active trading. Tlie do
inan.!, showed, however, ;l marked :allinu off
ilurlru ■ day, and ».!i ■ li
•■ ' from time
to ti: . unavailing t.i .-:Ai.-itii!n : 1
und the drift was downward until the
I \)f low point of
the day and at a level !j. ! -.v last night
market during the llrst hour was conspicuous
lor the great breadth of the demand, the nu,m
or of stocks which moved being no less than
125. The aggregate number of shares dealt in
■.ran also very large. Broadly speaking-, the
market was in a reversal of that of yesterday,
in that ra.ilr'j<ulß were generally inclined to re
act, while the industrial stocks moved upward
The evidence* of profit-taking In the coalers,
which were manifest even in the opening deal
i:i*n. prompted selling to realize in the rail
-1 >iul list. The outside demand for stocks was
\ery much Increased, and it was this which
was fed by the professional operators, who have
teen aocumulatins stocks at the lower level.
At the same time the vigorous strength of
iUKar, Tobacco, Brooklyn Transit, Rubber and
' the* Industrials and the continued specula
tion i: the K-atlier stocks helped to sustain the
:«t while the realizing was going on. These
KtOCkS all suffered to the extent of from 1 to
vyer. 2 points in ; the late downward move
nent. Inside support was manifest In
some of the newer industrials, which
: aye been the target recently for bear
ettack. This was notably true of the
MaJtln and Glucose stocks. Malting preferred
' a<lliiK with a rise of nearly fi joints. Of the
1 «w-priced stocks. Standard Rope and Twine
v.as brought forward with an advance of 2%
I .U:" of which was subsequently lost. The Iron
.-•id steel stocks also received favorable atten
tion, especially Federal Steel, but rains in
tl.em were no better held than elsewhere
Other Individual stocks which were strong
at different times Included Atchison preferred
on Its September statement of n«t earnings
Southern Railway preferred and Chesapeake
.- id Ohio. London was a buyer here, though
< -i a smaller scale than yesterday, and sterl
ii g exchange yielded a fractional Increase.
A pprehenslon of an unfavorable showing by
I'.e banks on Saturday was an Influence In the
{, rowing heaviness of stocks. New York ex
cl^ange shows some recovery 'at a few Interior
y IntH, but continues downward at others, and
i:e outward movement of money has not yet
ciAsod. The banks' net loss to the sub-Treas
ury thus far foots up over $1,300,000 for the
v --'k. The rate for call loans dropped sud
i- aly near the close to 2. per cent, but only am
tr.a bulk of the day's demands had been met at
C . to 7 i*>r rent..
Tenders of money on time hold out for li per
c- nt and exact choice collateral. The fact is
O.xt some large Interests operating in the mar
k-1 have been lenders of money and are calling
t'.- »Ir loans for their own operations In stocks.
.lie dealings in bonds disclosed _ the sanM
bi ■'.adth of demand as those In stocks, many
(2- rmant Issues being brought Into trading.
El liic.it.! Rope and Twine Incomes rose an ex
tr me 3% and reacted 2. The bond list reacted
in sympathy with stocks in the latter part of
th ■ day, making the changes somewhat mixed.
Tctal sales, par value, $2,195,000. United States
new fours registered and fives registered de
clined 1 ,4 in the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Bold. Stocks- Bid. ;
5.220 Atchison : 21*4
26,695 Atchlson prefd .* 65%
1.875 Baltimore & Ohio 62% '.
Canadian Pacific 94%
8.070 Canada Southern 64
7.560 Chesapeake & Ohio 26*6
6.010 Chicago Great "Western 11%
16.770 Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 133
720 Chicago Ind & Louis 11%
2C'O Chicago Ind & Louis prefd 42
250 Chicago &. Eastern Illinois 96%
100 Chicago & Northwestern 70%
6.335 Chicago Rock Island A Pacific 114 i
5.575 C C C i St Louis .59% :
Colorado Southern 5 j
200 Colorado Southern Ist prefd 4514 I
100 Colorado Southern 2d prerd 16
2.645- Delaware & Hudson '. 1*2%
700 Delaware Ijackawanna & West«rn..l!<2 1 4 ;
2,400 Denver & Rio Grande 21%
3,450 Denver & Rio Grande prefd .<
Erie / - '3 ;
1.615 Erie Ist prefd 3S'/i
2.650 Great Northern prefd 175
.Klein* Coal I*"4
300 Hocking Valley N*
1.055 Illinois Central lliri
250 lowa Central 1*
2.680 lowa Central prefd W4
400 Kansas PHtsburg k Gulf.: 7%
20) Lake Erie «- Western I»H
;.. Lake Brie & Western prefd. 73/4
< Lake Shore 108 j
0,850 Louisville & Nashville .' £4%
j 32,475 Manhattan L li-
4.6oo.lleropoliton Street Railway 101%.
2,100 Mexican Central 18%
100 Minn & St Louis v 72
100 Minn i St Louia.prefd !'•*% j
19,310 Missouri Pacific 46% !
100 Mobile & Ohio «•»■*
200 Missouri Kansas & Texan 12%
I 1.200 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd . ;.S%
■ 6.530 New Jersey Central '-23% :
j 6.060 New York Centra] 138J4
3.475 Norfolk & Western 2«%
1.410 Norfolk & "Western prefd... 70%
I 3.965 Northern Pacific 54Vi
1.002 Northern Pacific prefd 7514
550 Ontario 4; Western 25% i
: Oregon Railway & Nay 42
Oregon Railway <fc Nay prerd 76 J .
| 8,000 Pennsylvania 13^'k
8.400 Reading 21
31,170 Reading Ist prefd 60% .
5,300 Reading 2d prefd 33i
Rio Grande Western 25 i
; Rio Grande Western prefd iV/i
410 St Louis & San Fran 10%
St Louis & San Fran Ist prefd 70}, I
St Louis &. San Fran 2d prefd R6U
! St Louis Southwestern 13% ,
: 1,060 St Louis Southwestern prefd 31%
I 12.620 St Paul 12";% i
St Paul prefd 171 -,i !
400 St Paul & Omaha " !■'.-■ i
: 17,270 Southern Pacific "SVi
9,500 Southern Railway Vi%
i 20,350 Southern Railway prefd 53.'i
5,260 Texas & Pacific.. 13 I
16.510 Union Pacific 4(5"4 ;
i 5,950 Union Pacific prefd 77>.-_.
440 abash "'/»
1,400 Wabash prefd .' St*
3,930 Wheeling & L E 11%
i 9.6&0 Wheeling & L E2d prefd tO-'jk\
2.020 Wisconsin Central 17%
Express Companies
Adams 115 |
.; American 14? !
United States 52
Wells-Fargo 133 ,
Miscellaneous—
2.1. >5 American Cotton Oil 4.".«
300 American Cotton Oil prefd M
1,600 American Malting 12%
2,195 American Malting prefd 51
470 American Smelting & Refng 36
510 American Smelting & Rfng prefd.. 86
American Spirits '.... 3%
American Spirits prefd 17
1,410 American Steel Hoop 42%
American Steel Hoop prefd 81
5,210 American Steel & Wire 49^4
970 American Steel & Wire prefd 50
1 3,060 American Tin Plate 34%
675 American Tin Plate prefd 82%
18,660 American Tobacco 122%
American. Tobacco -prefd 144
j I,B€'> Anaconda Mining Co 43%
i 30,510 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 85%
I 2.C00 Colorado Fuel & Iron 65%
. 14,120 Continental. Tobacco 43%
; 5,765 Continental Tobacco prefd 93 ,
9,900 Federal Steel 54% I
2,400 Federal Steel prefd 78%
200 General Electric 120
LOW Glucose Sugar 63%
160 Glucose Sugar prefd.- ICO
I ■ 200 International Paper 25%
ZuO International Paper prefd 71%
700 Laclede Gas : 7".
413 National Biscuit i 40Vi
' National Biscuit prefd 94%
> National Lead -' !
240 National Lead prefd ins 4
1,025 National Steel 48
170 National Steel prefd 94
200 New York Air Brake 143
250 North American 12%
740 Pacific Coast 51
Pacific Coast let prefd : 88
432 Pacific Coast 2d prefd M
3,400 Pacific Mail ; 39%
6,170 People's Gas 114
850 Press* . Steel Car aii
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd S3Vi
1,090 Pullman Palace Car 196
4,255 Standard Rope & Twine S%
•50.450 Sugar , ..153&
, Sugar prefd 11714
, 2,4:*) Tennessee Coal & 1r0n....' 110%
40.243' United States Leather i",i
; 17.220 United States Leather prefd gl% :
8,200 United States Rubber 47 ;
■ 400 United States Rubber prefd 112 ■
I 4.850 Western Union 88 j
■ 1.220 Republic Iron & Steel 21
I 2,121 Republic Iron & Steel 70
I P C C ft St Louis 74
G0.*,000 Pharos sold.
• CLOSING BONDS.
•IT 8 2g reg 100% M X & T 2ds 69%
i Do 3e rep 107 - ■>- Do 4s 93»:
I Do 3s coup lOSVi NYC Ist* .1?2%
Do new 4s reg.. .129 fy J C gen oh 12Q
Do new 4s coup. .130 No Carolina 6s 127
Do old 4s reg 111%; Do 4s 104
Do old 4s coup... N Pacific 15t5......H3
Do is re« inn Do Ss 65
Do 5s coup Ill* 1 Do 4s .102%
Dist of Col 1.655.. .117 N V C ft St L .1054
Ala class A 112% N & W con « 102%
X>o class B 110 j Do .sen 6»... 135
Do class C 103 'Or Nay l ts 115
Do currency 100 !'. Do 4s lO2Vi
Atchison gen 45... !>S%:Or Short Line 65. .12*
Do -adj. 4s 86%. Do con os 115
Canada So 2ds> 10S Heading gen 4s 87%
Ches & Ohio 4%n.. 95% r, G W 1Et5........ 97%
Do 55... 119% Bt L & I M con Bs.UOU
Chi & N con 7.8....145 Bt I, &S F gen 124',
Do S. F deb 55... 106% St Paul cons 169 !
, Chicago Terra 4s=.. 9S fit P C & P 1et5. .121%
j D &. R Q Ists 107 ! Do 5f 120
I Do 4s 9S%'So Railway 5s 108%
E X V. & O lsts... 103% fitand R & T 65.... 85
' Erie gen 4s 72 Term new set 35:... 97
I" W A D C 15t8... 774 Tex & Pacific lsts>.ll4
Gen Electric 5b. ...115 I Do 2ds < v 55
Gh&S a6s no n Pacific 45..>. 104%
I Do 2ds 108 I Wahash lets 116%
: H «- T C 5s ...1U Do 2dF 100%
Do con 6s ..Ill) West Shore 4s 113%
lowa Central l?t»..110 Wls Central lFts.. 75%
X C P & Q lFts... 71% Va centuries 8«'
La new con 4s 106 ; Do deferred. 8%
L& N unl 4s 100 Colo So 4s 85%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar. 32 Ontario 8 00
Crown Point 12 Ophir 70
Con Cal & va 1 50, Plymouth . 10
peadwood 7S Quicksilver 1 50
Gould & Curry.... 28 1 do prefd 700
Hair & Norc 25 Sierra Nevada .... 50
Homestake 65 00 Standard 2.7)
Iron Sliver 54 Union Con 2S
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket .... 15
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End prefd... lls
Call loans s%@6Westlngh Elec 46
Time loans r.(!?-6 do prefd ......... 99
Stocks— wis Cent 17%
Atchison.. 21% Bonds— <
do prefd 65% Atchison 4s : 99
IHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
jAm Sufrar lf>SH' Mining shares—
do prefd 117. 'Adventure 5
I Bell Telephone ....SO9V4 Allouez Mln C 0.... 4%
' Boston & Albany.. 2so "'Atlantic 25
•Boston Elevated. ..lo7*4 }>oston & Mont 337"^
■ Boston A Maine... £o2 jiutte & Boston ... 65
■ c B &■ Q 133 Calumet & He01a..735
j Fitchburg prefd...U9 Centennial 24%
i Gen Electric 119 ; Franklin 15
I do preM 189 IHumboldt I l *
! Fed Steel 64 1 * Onc.eola SOH
j dr. prefd Parrot ..43
. Mich Telephone.... 3o6 Quincy 150
I Old Colony 206 feantu Fe Copper.. 8%
I Old Dominion 26*4 ; Tamarack 212
Rubber 47*n NVlnona 6%
Union Pao 46A« i Wolverines 39
; Union Land SMjiUtah 35
Nezv York Money Market.
NT3W YORK, Oct. 26.— Money on coll. easier,
I at 2<S»7 r>er cent: last loan. S i*r cent; prime
1 mercantile paper, 5@5% per cent. Sterling ex
', change, easier, . with actual business In bank
[ ers' bills at $4 BC%@4 87 for demand and at
U S2\ti4 S3 for sixty days; posted rates, 14 S4®
4 Sty, and $4 SS(Jf4 SS\i; commercial bills. *4 S3;
silver certificates. 58<350c: bar silver, 6" T^o;
j Mexican dollars, 47"-jO. Government bonds,
I eapy; Stato, bonds, stronger; railroad bonds. Ir
regular. " j ■
Cash in the Treasury. ,
WASHINGTON. Oot. To-day's statement
of the oondltlon, of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $293,103,102; gold reserve,
5253, SS7, 2*.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. X.— Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
1 The tone of the markets here to-day was gen
erally dull, but became slightly better on the j
i receipt of the news of General Yule's arrival at j
Ladysmith. *■';
American securities were hard all day. Ber
lin began to buy again. The close was at near
the b*6t prices of the day. New York's deal
ings here began easy, but later buying orders
wore numerous. Copper sharps reacted. Tlntos
! were 47%. Anacondas » 7-16, Utnlis 1%, Bostons
i 1 3-16, Spanish 4s 61. Money was more than
I ever unlandabJe. The bank bought £47,000 gold
jin bars and £7000 In French coin. For India
I £12,0C0 was engaged.
:^;\ ':,:■ CLOSING.
' LONDON, Oct. 26.— Canadian Pacific, 9T5»;
! Union Pacific preferred, SOU: Northern Paclflo :
! preferred. 77H; Atchleon, 22; Grand Trunk,
j 7%; Anaconda, i\. Bar silver, dull, 26»4jd.
I Money, IVi per cent.
New York Gram and Produce.
NEW YORK, Oct. 2«.— FLOUR— Receipts,
27,594 barrels; exports. 3845. Ruled firm and
active on good local and export demand, clos
ing with an upward tendency. Winter patents,
$3 60/£f3 85; Minnesota patents, $3 95@4 20; Min
nesota bakers", $3f£3 20.
WHEAT — Receipts, 257,700 bushels; exports.
200,957. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 76% cf. o. b.
afloat spot; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 79%0 f. o.
b. afloat to arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, BUT4o
to arrive; No. t red, 74% c elevator. Options
opened firm at %c advance on covering, with a
further advance of %c following the Chicago
advance and on smaller receipts. As late cables
disappointed, and as exporters held aloof, li
quidation set In and prices eased off partially.
Closed easy at a net advance of %<&*» c. May,
79%ig-79%c, clotted 79«ic; December, 75 5-18®
75% c. closed 75% c.
HOPS— (julet.
HlDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETRt Firm.
METALS— Prices melted away rapidly to-day
under urgent offerings and weak statements
from outside markets, tin and pigiron In par
ticular showing softness. Buyers were Indiffer
ent to the concessions offered and bought In
a hand-to-mouth fashion. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
: PIGIRON— lower to sell, quoted at
Ji7@iß- ;"■»;-•;,-
LAKE COPPER— Easy at $17 50.
TlN— Weak with $31 bid and 531 15 asked..
LEAD— with $1 57% bid and $4 62%
asked. The brokers" price. for lead Is $4 40 and
for copper $17 50.
SPELTER— Weak, with $5 bid and $5 20
asked. . •
COFFEE— Options closed steady, unchanged
to "s points net lower. Sales, 25,000 bags, In
cluding: November, $4 8694 90; December,
$5 05; January. $5 10<5'5 15; March, $5 25; May,
$5 SOS'S 35- September. $5 50©5 55. Spot coffee—
Rio firm r No. 7 invoice. 6%c; No. 7 jabbing.
6%c; mild, firm; Cordova, 6%(311%c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm and tending upward; re
fined, firm and more active.-
BUTTER— Receipts, 4166 packages. Market
firm; Western creamery, 17(§24c; factory, 14%@
17c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5924 packages. Dull; West
i crn ungraded at mark, 14@lSc.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
California dried fruits firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 6@ 7c;
prime wire tray, 7%@Bc; choice, BVi@B4c;
fancy. . S%@9c. •
PRUNES-3%@S%c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 13@15c; Moorpark, 15<g!18c.
PEACHES— PeeIed. 20#22c; unpeeled, 9%312c.
. Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct. 26.— Trade In cattle to-day
was brisk with prices fully lc higher. Good
to fancy grades brought $5 SOQt 75; common to
medium. HOG 43; stocked and feeders, $2 50(ff
4 7:,; cows and bulls, $2@4 65: Texans, $3 50®
4 50; calves. $o@7 75. j
There was an active demand for hogs early j
at an advance of sc. but buyers were soon
filled up and the late market ruled weak. s®loc
lower Fair to prime lots, $1 25@4 45; heavy
packers. $3 Ssi?|4 22%; mixed, $4 10f4 37%;
butchers'. $4 1594 50; lightweights, $4@4 87%;
pigs, $3 65@4 40. • •
The limited supply of sheep and lambs were i
well taken at steady prices. Sheep sold on a
basis of $2©3 for common up to $454 35 for
good to choice, yearlings selling at the top.
Common to choice lambs sold at $3 500535.
Receipts— Cattle, 8500; hogs, 28,000; sheep,
15.000, •
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. Wheat opened steady
and scored a %c advance over last night's close ]
during the first hour's trading. Early news was
generally of a bearish cast, but shorts were j
nervous over the situation in South Africa, and :
commenced covering from the start. _ The
strength in corn also encouraged buying, and as j
offerings were scarce the upturn whs easily
accomplished. December opened %c higher at
70%#76%c and advanced' to 71Uc. At the lat- •
ter figure, however, a good deal of long wheat
was thrown on the market and a reaction to
7'Vi"" T foljtiwed. The latter part of the ses
sion wae extremely dull, with the price barely
holding at 70 7 /i(jp7lc. and finally closing with
buyers at 70"(,c. Indications of an increase of
1 500,000 bushels In the domestic visible during
the week and reports of complete relief in the
drought-stricken sections had a depressing In
fluence after the early trading.
Corn was strong and active. • A report by an
authoritative statistician that the early esti
mates of this year's yield must be materially
reduced. owing to disapyolntlng husking re
turns, was the chief buying motive, The mar
ket advanced steadily until near the close, when
selling by shippers and profit-taking caused a
Blight ■eaetlon. December closed at 32c.
Oats were' dull, but held steady In sympathy
with corn. December advanced to 22;&c. The
advance in corn strengthened provisions early,
but the market yielded under heavy liquidation
near the end and the advance was all lost.
January pork closed 2%c lower, January lard
unchanged and January ribs a shade lower. "-.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 6?>4 69% 63Vi 69%
December 70% 71 ' i 70% 70%
May .... 74H 74* ' 74-V 74%
! Corn No. 2—
October '.. »1% lift 31% 81%
December 31% 324 31^ 32
May .'.... - 33*4 33% 22% 33%
Oats, No. 2—
December 22% .22% 22% 22%
May .' 24% 24% 24% 24>4
Mess Pork, per barrel —
December ........."..8 05 8 10 8 00 8 02'/i
January ■ --9 57% 966 . 955 9 57Vs
I^ard, per 100 pounds— ••-.-,
December ;..-5 174 E 22%, 6 174 620
January 5 37V4 5 42<* 636 6 37Va
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds
; December 4 52% 4 82V4 480 480 -
j January ............ ..4 htm, 600 495 4 s»7V4
I Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 70H@72c; No. 3 spring
I wheat, 04 70 c: Mo. 2 red, 710Rc; No. 2 corn,
32V.® 33c; No. 2 oats, 23V c; Xo. 2 white,' 26@i
2Gi£c; No. 3 white. 2S@2;-'!4e; No. 2 rye. 53'/ic;
j No. 2 barley. .10044 c; No. 1 flaxseea, 11 2sH@l 2»;
prime timothy seed, %2 30; mess pork, per bar
! rel. -»SQB 05; lard. p«r 100 lbs, 25@5 27; short
ribs sides' (loose). J4 75@6 15; dry salted should
| ers (boxed).' jo. 75@5 87'^; short . clear Bides
(boxed). $r, r,@f) 45: whisky, distillers' finished
goods, per gallon, $1 24.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ..21000 16,000
Wheat, bushels 227,000 • 3.000
Corn, bushels .. ; 427,000 - " -fi77.000
Oats, bujhols ;..... ..'...346.000 : '373,000
Rye, bushels.... 17.000 I.C°O
Barley,' bushels 161,000 . .98.000
On the Produce Exchange the butter market
was slow; creamery, 155220; dairy, 14@19c.
Eesrs, strong-: fresh. 17@17Vic. Cheese, strong;
creams. 12®12Wc " -.'
Foreign Futures.
m — — - o
LIVERPOOL.
| "Wheat— . Dec. Mar. May.
; Opening 6 11% 6 1- 6 1«4,
Closing 6 11% 4 0% 6 0%
PARIS.
Wheat— " • Oct. Jan. -Apr.
I Opening ...18 35 ■ 19 05
1 Closing 18 80 19 10
; Flour—
I Opening 24 65 25 25
Closing 24 75 . 25 40
California Fruit Sales.
Porter Brothers Company's sales of California
fruit:
NEW YORK, Oct. 26.— Grapes— Tokay. Jl 10^
:1 25 half crat<>e; Muscat, $1 35©8; Cornlchon,
1 $1 2E®l 50; Morocco, $1 . 2df 2 50; Emperor. $1 'ti<9
1 I SO. Pears— sl 61 box. Six cars sold.
; CHICAGO, Oct.- 26.— Grapes— Tokay, $I<S>l *•>.
j half crates; Morocco, Jl 20. Thre« cars sold.
London Wool Market:
LONDON. Oct. 28.— A strong Inquiry has pre
vailed in the wool-trade, and during: the four
days of this week 1500 bales, principally new
clip, have b?en sold. ■ Scoureds realized Id to
6Vtd above the prices of the late series, and
greasy %d. .. .
The chief Inquiry was from the Continent, but
Yorkshire also purchased. Croßsbreds were also
In demand, and several parcels were taken by
the Continent at higher rates. New South
! Wales cables report that the market there is
exceedingly firm, with merinos %i higher than
last week, and with American buyers taking the
beat grades freely at the advance.
♦— . — 4.
London Sheepskin Sales.
• ' &'
LONDON, Oct. 26.— There was a good attend
ance at the wool exchange to-day, when 2683
bales of sheepskins were put on sale; practi
cally ell of which were sold. Merinos and good
crosbreds were In active demand at hid ad
vance, and finest merinos In some cases %d
advance. Low crossbred* were up Vid- The
Continent was a buyer of the best grades. The
general strength was due to the shortness of
supplies, the practical stoppage of shipments
to the Cape and firmness of holders.
. Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 2C— Clearings, $257,542;
. balances, $C0,2i.0.
Northern IV heat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 26.— There Is very lit
tle wheat offering at present prices, neither
growers nor ship owners showing a disposition
to make concessions sufficient to admit of busi
ness being done. Some exporters quote as low
as SS'ijf^'^c for Walla "Walla, but admit that
they cannot secure wheat at those figures. Val
ley is nominally 57@5Sc.
The committee met to-day and established the
grades to be used In Oregon, Washington an.l
Idaho this season at 5S pounds for No. 1 Walla
Walla and blue stem.
They did not fix the grade for valley, but it
will probably be' the same as Walla Walla, A
standard price was agreed on of 1 cent per
bushel less for 57-pound wheat and 2 cents per
bushel less for 56-pound. Action regarding
lighter grades Is left to the Judgment of the
buyer. .
Cleared — British bark Garnet Hill, for Queens
town, with 134,064 bushels wheat.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 26— Foreign wheat
shipments from Portland for the week ending
to-day, were 134,664 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 26.— N0 demand for
wheat. Prices %c lower. Club, 56c; blue
stem, 58c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, . Oct. 26.— Consols. 103"i: silver,
265 1; French rentes, lOOf 45c; wheat cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart: cargoes on pas
sage, quieter, hardly any demand; English
country markets, weak.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 26.— Wheat, dull: wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 15-16 d.
\ CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 1 Northern spring, dull, 6s IH'1;
spot No. 2 red Western winter, easy, 5s ll^d.
Futures Easy; December, 6s %d; March, 5s
HVid: May. 6s "id.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new and old,
quiet, 3s 7V4d. Futures November, quiet, 3s
7%d; December, quiet, 3s 7%d; January, steady,
33 7d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Stirling Exchange, sixty days.,.. — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 M!
Sterling Cables — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — 12
New York Exchange, telegraphic — li I
Mexican Dollars 48 48%
Fine Silver, per ounce — 57%
Wheat and Other Grains.
■-' "WHEAT— The Beacon Rook takes for Cork
G9.470 ctls, valued at 178,154.
Both spot and future prices were weaker
again, with a dull business.
. Chicago opened firmer under light Northwest
ern receipts. The demand, though moderate, |
exceeded the offerings. The crowd, however, >
continued bearish and short. The market sub
sequently shaded off In sympathy with Liver
pool, though primary receipts were 600,000 bush- j
els below last year, and the situation began
to look heavy again. Corn, on the contrary, |
was stiff, with a. good speculative and ship
ping demand. The Price Current announced
that huskitig returns were disappointing and
previous crop estimates were reduced.
Broomhall estimates the world'! "Wheat crop
at ■ 2,498.000,000 bushels, against 2,586.00,0,000
bushels last year, and 2,270.700,000 bushels In ■
1897. He estimates the world's visible and in- |
visible reserves as 240,000, bushels greater i
than last year. The' increase in visible and In
visible supply offsets the shortage In the crop. <
Spot Wheat— Shipping, Jl 07%: milling, $1 10
91 11%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
. Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, $1 10%.
Second Session— May— 3o,ooo ctls, $1 16%; 2000,
$1 16%: 2000, $1 16%. December— $1 10Vi:
4000. $1 10. •
• Regular Morning - Session— May— l6,ooo .ctls.
$116%; 4000, $116'/.. December— 4ooo, 103%; -SOW, I
$1 00%.
Afternoon Session— May— lo,ooo ctl.«, $1 16V4.
December— 2ooo. $1 00%.
BARLEY— The December situation controls
the market at present, and as there is no
movement in that the spot market Is neces
sarily dull. Holders exact full figures,- how- |
ever.
Peed, BO09Oc; Brewing and shipping grades,
92%c®$l; Chevalier, nominal. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session No sales.
Afternoon Session— Seller '95—10,000 ctlß, 89c.
OATS— The market continues firm, but quiet,
with moderate ' offerings. White, $1 10©! 30-
Red, $1 07'^@l 17Vs; Gray. *1 07k@l 17' 2 ; Black,
97%c(85l 10. .
CORN— Eastern large Yellow, $1 05#l 07%;
"White, $lf»r/(jlO7U; mixed. $1 02<gl 05 per ctl -
RYE— 9r.c&*l per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla family extras, $.1 60@3 75.
usual terms; bakers' extras. $3 40*93 60; Oregon
an>l Washington, {3 40@? 50 per barrel for
extra, J2 2S£l 40 for bakers, ana 12 2. r »@3 for su
perllne.
MILUSTITFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per mo lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Kye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. %2 :>0: ex
tra Cream Corn Meal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 2i;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $3 201? 3 50; Buck
wheat Flour. tVqi 25; Cracked Wheat. »3 75;
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels). $0 05@6 45; in sacks, $5 KO6 25;
Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peas,
*5 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
r>ry Hay is getting: to be a scarce article.
as most of the arrivals are wet and not wanted
by buyers. Reports from the country Bay that
the presses are baling Hay from wet stack*,
•which indicates wK Hay for this market for
some time to come. In order to obtain dry
Hay the local merchants are breaking into
country warehouse stocks, which is much
earlier than usual, and Indicates a higher
market later on. There Is no quotable advance,
but the feeling is stiff and prices are likely
to improve any day. The rain was a bless
ing to every farmer whose Hay was under
cover. -
The circular of Somers & Co. says:
"Receipts of - Hay still continue quite light,
the total for the week being' somewhat less
than 3000 tons, about the same amount as for
the week preceding. There is still con
siderable-trouble in securing cars in
the • country, and this fact, together
with the stormy weather, has kept shipments
down to this small amount. Wet and dam
aged hay continues to arrive in quite large
quantities, and until this is all cleared off
the market there will be no material change
In the present range of prices. All this kind
of Hay is being sold at very low prices, but
anything that is choice, whether it be. wheat
or oat, brings good figures. (
"Receipts of Hay on the San Francisco mar
ket from July 1, 1899, to October 1, 1899. were
67 274 tons in comparison with 69,558 tons for
the same period in the year 189 S. This shows
an increase of about 8000 tons for the present
season.
"Again we .note another advance in the price
of bale. rope. We now quote for three-strand
Manila mixed, 14Vic per pound, and for two
strand 15c per pound."
BRAN — $1V aO&W per ton.
MIDDLINGS ( i2O 50 per ton. »
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $18 sC@l9 .per
ton: Oil Cake Meal at the mill, $26927; jobbing.
$27 f.ofis2S: Cocoanut Cake, $20021; Cornmeal,
$23 50@24 50; Cracked Corn. 524315: Mixed Feed,
$16 50@17: Cottonseed Meal, *2S per ton.
HAT— Wheat, $B©9 for common ■ to J^™^™ 1
$9 r-O-g'lO for choice; Wheat and Oat, $7 5009 50;
Oat, $6 5098 50: Barley, 1607; Island •■■<■•-,. >■
liti: Alfalfa, Jo@7 per ton; Compressed, $7®!» per
ton.
STRAW— per bale:
Beans and Seeds.
The sharp advance In prices does not seem
to check the demand, and the Bean market is
as' active as ever. How long the current rise
will continue 13 impossible to %ay, but Beans
are setting pretty -high for speculation.
BEANS— BayoB, $2 50<?2 60; small White, $2 85
TiL :>5; l?rge White, i- >■' - 4'j: Pinks. *2 Sbicp
$2 45; Reds, $3 50@3 75; Blackeye, $4^i4 25; But
ters. ' $3; Lima. 34 90©5: Pea, $2 7603; Red
'■ Kidneys. J2 60^2 70 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. " 3@3%c; Yellow
Mustard. - 4@4V.c: Flax, nominal: Canary,
3%c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Alfalfa, nominal; Rape. 2%©3 c; Hemp, 4@4%c;
Timothy. 4<c?4Ho. _ • _
DRIED PEAS— $1 35©1 50; Green, $1 75
@1 85 per ctl. ' - • .
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Onions are firm. Salinas and Oregon Pota
toes are firmer, but rivers are lower. There
are few Merced Sweets left in first hands. /
Vegetables are quiet and featureless. Mush
rooms are coming in again.
POTATOES— River Reds, 60@65c; Early Rose,
nominal; Burbanks, 50®70c per ctl: Salinas Bur
| banks, $IPI 25; Oregon Burbanks, 75c@U:
Sweet Potatoes,. 75c for Rivers and $I@l 25 for
Merced. "
ONIONS— €S@7Sc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2@4c per ib
String Beans, 3@4c; Lima 'Beans, SMs^c;
Cabbage, 50c;. Tomatoes, 15@40c; Egg Plant.
50@75c; Dried Okra. 12V£c per lb: Garlic, 2®3c:
I Green Peppers, 65c(&$l per box: Carrots. 30@400 ,
per sack; Cucumbers, 50®75c; Summer Squash,
nominal; Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton;
Mushrooms. 20@25c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
The market Is kept demoralized by the Im
mense receipts of Eastern, some, ten cars or so !
having come In this week. This beats the
record. The Eastern Broilers and Fryers are f
selling at $2 2503, hence it will be seen that ;
California Poultry has little chance against
such odds. Hens and Turkeys, however, are
firm, hut young stock is demoralized.
The feature of • the Game market was the
arrival of Mallards from Utah, selling within
the quoted range below.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14®15c for Hens; Young Turkeys, W?l>
ISc; Geese, per pair, $1 7502; Goslings, $175
■• •:.■■ Ducks. $4»fi4 50' for old and $i So@B for
young; Hens, $435 JO;. Young Roosters, $3 I'o'ri
3 60; Old Roosters, $4; Fryers. $3@3 25;
'Broilers, 1893 25 for lnrge. $2 50@S for small;
Pigeon*, $1 25 per dozen for old and $1 50@
1 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Quail. $1 50^1 75; Mallard, $5@7; Can
vasback, J6@l2; Bprig, B@s; Teal. $3 50(5)4 50;
Widgeon. $2 5093; Small Duck. $2<S2 50; Doves.
75c per dozen; Hare. $1 SI i\ 75; Rabbits, $173
for Cottontails and $1 75 for Small; Gray Geese,
$3 r,i>.i4; White, ?1 60; Brant. $1 50<ff2 50; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack Snipe, $1 250
1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs are dull and lower and have probably
seen their best days this season. They are too
high for dally food. Cheese. is unchanged. But- •
ter is quiet and weak at the decline already
noted.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creamery. 30c; seconds,
2S@29c.
Dairy— 26@27c; good to choice, 24@25c;
store, nominal.
Pickled roll. 22®24c; firkin. 21@22%c; cream
ery tub, 22^<8-24c.
Eastern.. 17% c for ladle packed.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll%c: old. 10H@
lie; Young America. .ll%c; Eastern, 14@15c.
EGGS— Quoted at 25<g32%c for store and 333
i 40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 2S'fi3oc for
selected, 25@27%c for No. 1 and 2Q@22%c for
seconds. . •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Beyond n few sales of Wine Orapes up to
$28 there is nothing new In this market. Varie
ties aro getting reiluced to Apples, Pears and
Grapes. Fine Apples are firm at the old quota
tions.
Lemons are firm for fancy stock and weak
for common, which are slow of sale.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
' Apples, 35@65c per box for common; 75c@$l
for rood to choice and $1 25ff?l SO for fancy
BERRlES— Blackberries, $.", 50(^6 per chest:
Strawberries, $10 per chest for small and $2@4
for large berries; Raspberries, S6@6 per
chest; Huckleberries, 6@Sc per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries. $6 50<g7 50 per bbl: Cape Cod Cran
berries. $7 SOt?" 75: Coos Bay Cranberries. $6 50
per barrel and $2tf2 25 per box.
Grapes, 20tf?40c for Black, 30<fr40c for Muscat,
30f?40c for Tokay; 40iJfT.0c for Qornlchon: crates
sell 10@15c higher; Wine Grapes, $24#28 per
ton for 7.lnfandel, $20<5~24 for other black and
$IS@22 for White.
Cantaloupes. 25@30c per crate; Nutmegs, 15®
25c per box.
Pomegranates. r>ocssl per box.
Winter Pears. 35c!g?l 25 per bos.
Quinces. 75dMl per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Lemons, 75c@$l 50 for
common, and $2@4 for good to choice; Mexican
Limes, J4&"4 SO; California Limes, 75c@|l; Han
anas, $1 50(§2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $I<§'2 50
per dozen. •
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
| There seems to be a lull In the demand, but
I It Is "thought to-be only temporary. Prices are
! unchanged.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes. In sacks, 4}ic for
40-508, 4%e for EO-60s, 3%c for 60-70*. 3%e ' for
70 -80s. 2% c for 80-90s and 2^i@2%c for 90-100s;
Apricots,' H@l3c for Royals, 12V4@lCc for
Moorparks and 12@14c for Blenheims; Peaches,
sV£(§6c tor Standards, n^^f-Tc for choice and 7%
(JJSc for fancy; peeled Peaches, lliij?l3c: Evapo
rated Apples. G®7Hc; Sun-dried, 4Vi<&'sc per lb;
1 Nectarines, 7 : -..'" Si ' per "' for red and ■Sfifflc for
twhlte; Pears, 6V4@Bc for quarters and B@loc for
halves: Black Figs. 3@4c; White Figs, '■:<;■ o;
Plums. 6@6V40 for pitted and l%@2^4c for un
pitted.
RAlSlNS— Bleached Thompson's— Fancy, per
lb, 10c; choice. 9.': standard. Sc; prime, 6c; un
bleached Thompson's, per lb, 6c. Sultanas-
Fancy, per lb. SV4c: choice, "He; standard, 6V4c;
prime, Be: unbleached Sultanas. Bo: Seedless,
r,O-lb boxes. sc; 2-crown loose Muscatels, BHc;
3-crown, 6', c: 4-crown, 7c: London Layers,
I 2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $160. Fancy
I Clusters,. $2: Dehesa, $2 50: Imperial, S3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 12K>Tn,"c; . Walnuts. RffOe
for standards, and 9%'5'10c ' for eoftshell;
Almonds. 10V4<fM2%c for paper-shell, 9#>loc for
] soft and 4<fisc for hard-shell: Peanuts, sSi®6l«ic
for Easiern, and 5c for California; Brazil
Nuts, &V&®9c: Filberts, ll^ll'Ae; Pecans, 7%Q
8c: Cocoanuts. . $4 fiOiff s.
HONEY— Comb. ll>-4c for bright and 10% c for
llpht: amber; water white extracted, . T'-i ■.';7'-..-;
light amber extracted, 6U(@'7c; dark, 5t«.0 per
lb. . ' i, - ,- -
BEESWAX— 24@26c per lb.
Provisions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon; 9o per lb for heavy,
9%<Z?loc for light medium, 11U C for light, 13c for
extra light and 13V£c 'or sugar-cured;' Eastern
sufrar-cured Hams. 14c; California Ham's,- 13',£c;
Mess Beef, $11 . per bbl; extra Mess, $12 50;
Family. $14; extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra
clear. $16 50; mess, $1.'@15 50; Smoked Beef, 12c
per lb. .
LARD— Tierces quoted at fiflfiHc per lb for
compound and 7V^c for pure: half barrels, pure,
Pc: 10-11) tins, S\o; 5-lb tins, 9c. ;
COTTOLENK— 7%@7%0 per lb.
Hides, : Tallow, Wool and . Hops.
There have been sales of Tallow up to 6c,
but this figure la hardly quotable, as the Chi
cago market is weaker. Hides continue stiff
HIDES. AND; SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about 'lc under . quotations. "• Heavy salted
eteer9,'ll@ll%c:: medium, 10%; light, 9%c: Cow
hides, 9U;/g:ioc; Stags. 6%(g!7&c; Salted Kip,
9Vic: Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and
brands, 13c; Dry Kip and -Veal, ir>HS?l6c; Dry
Calf. 17@lSc; Sheepskins. yearlings. 20©30 c
each; short Wool. 35@60c each;, medium. 70iJ«l
90c: long Wool, 9Qc@sl 10 each: Horse Hides',
salt, $2«?3' for .large and $1 25@1 50 -for small
| Colts. 2. r .<f7f;Op. ". ■- - ...•:•..
--j TALLOW— No.: 1 rendered, T sH@»%c per lb-
No. 2, 4^®oc; refined, — — ; grease, S^o. ■'.■
WOOly- Spring : Clips— Valley. Oregon. I7ig i l8c: :
Eastern Oregon. 12@14c . for choice and 9<§iliAc.
for fnlr to good.
■• :> Fall ; Clip— San Joaquln Lambs, £@10c; do
plain, 7@Sc; San Joaquln and Southern Moun
tain, 7Vi<B9e; Northern free, 10@12c; do de
fective, 7H@loc per lb.
HOPS— 9@l2c per Ib.
. San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further change In the situation.
BEEF— 7©7%c per Ib for Steers and iiVs_f7c
for Cows.
VEAL— 7(filOc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7H@Bc; Ewes, 7@7Hc
per lb.
LAMB— Spring, S^S^c per lb.
PORK— Hops, o^c for small, s^^s%c
for medium and ;>#s'4e for lartre: stock Hogs
and Feeders, sc; dressed Hogs, 7@B'/4c
General Merchandise.
T?AGP— Calcutta Grain Baps. 7#7Uc: Wool
Bags, 28@30c; Fruit Bags, 6c. GVic and t%c for
the three grades of white and^c for bleached
jute. ' .
COAL— Wellington, . $S. per ton: New Wel
lington. $S: Bouthfleld Wellington, $7 50; Se
attle, >«; Bryant, $8; Coos Bay; $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Scotch. $8; Cumberland, $9 50 in bulk and
$10 50 in sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg.
$12- Cannel, $S per ton: Rock Springs and
Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk
and J 'i in sack?. „
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terras net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5%c: Pow
ce»ed ' i"%c; Candy Granulated, sc> Dry Granu
lated 4%c; Confectioners' A. 4 T ' 3 c; California
•A — ' Magnolia A, 4%C> Extra C. 4%c; Golden
'C, 4i.4c: barn Is, t-16c more: half barrels, %c
more; boxes. 14c more; EO-lb baps, %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. Dominoes, half barrels, 5Hc: boxes.
jjTp* pop lh
BALE ROPE— Ib higher again at 14^4@15c
per Ib.
LUMBER— The W. S. Phelps took for Mazat
lan 101,065 feet. ■
Receipts of Produce.
FOR THt T RSDAY, OCTOBER 26.
Flour, qr Fks 7.4W1 Hay, tons 355
Wheat, ctls 88.774 Hups, bales IS6
Barley, ctls iiT.37l Wool, bags 161
Oats, ctls 3,390 Pelts.- bdls 2SI
Butter, ctls 116 Hides, No 353
Cheese, 'ctls 233 Eggs, doz 4.380
Tallow, ctls 237 Raisins, bxs 630
Beans, sks 6,201 Supar, bbls 607
Potatoes, sks 9,715 Lime, bbls IS2
. sks 40ii Powder, car 1
Bran, sks 1,870 Wine, gals 28,200
Millings, sks.:. 355 Brandy, gals 4,500
Sugar, sks 1,240 leather, rolls — 18
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks l,Gltf : Potatoes, sks 5
Oats, ctls 390 ' Wool, bales...;.. 5
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was less trading- on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange and quotations
showed no change worthy of note.
Business continued quiet in the afternoon at
the morning's prices.
The two OIL Exchanges continue to make a
fair showing in the matter of sales, as will be
seen by the lists below, though quotations have
not changed much since the business began.
The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a divi
dend of 35 cents per share on the 6th of No
vember.
The Argonaut mine In Amador County paid
a dividend of $20,000 yesterday. ■
The regular and extra dividends paid by
the Homestake mine on the 25th were $105,000,
making $752,500 for the year to date and $7,
--533,7;"0 in all. There have been 276 dividends
paid by this mine.
The first dividend of the Daly-West mine
of Utah was paid on the 25th. The amount
is $30,000.
The dividend of $2500 by the Deer Trail No. 2
mine of Washington, paid on the 25th, makes
$25,000 this year and '$42,500 from the start.
A dividend of $80,000 will be paid to-day by
the Montana Ore Purchasing Company, making
$000,000 for the year and $1,360,000 from the be
ginning.
• STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Oct. 26—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask.! Bid.Ask.
U S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14 15
4s quar coup.. — —JOG L& H — 49
4s quar reg.... — — Pac Gas Imp.. — 63
4s quar new... — 131Vi!Pac Light Co.. 40% 41
3s quar coup.. — 108}; 5FG&E....61 62
. Miscellaneous San Fran 8% —
Cal-st Cab 55. 117 — . Stockton Gas.. 12 —
C C Wat 55... 107 107% Insurance-
Ed L & P 65. 130 — jFirem's Fund.22o —
V & Cl Ry 6s. 115 — Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-Cal 65 —
H C & S 5%5.106 — . Bank of Ca1...405 —
L A Ry 55.... 105* — CaL SD & T.. — —
LAL Co 65.. 99 — First' National — 245
Do gtnd Cs.. 99 — Lon P & A.... — 133
Do gtnd 55.. — — ! Mer Ex — 16
LA& P R 104 — 1 Nev Nat 8k...183%190 ■
Market-st 6s:. — 129 I Savings Banks — '■
Do Ist M 55. .116 — Ger S & L...1700 —
NCX Gii 73.112 — Hum S & 1,.. 1050 1160
NR of Cal 63.114 — Mut Sav ßk... 39 42%
NR of Cal o.«. 113 — S F Say U...500 —
NPC R R 65.105 10S ; Say & L So.. — 82%
N P C RR 58.107 103 Sec Say Bk.. — 310
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Union T C 0. .1400 1440
OOL4H 55. 103 — ■ Street Railroads-
Dak Tran 65. ..112 113 California ....121 124-
Om C Ry 65. .125 12S Geary ..... 50 —
P&CI Ry Bb.. 107 — Market-st 62% —
Pk &O Ry 65. 115 — Oak SL& H. — 60
Powell-st RGs — 122 Presidio .25 30'
Sac El G&R5s. — — Powder—
'SF & N P 55. 114% — California ....155 170
SF & 8 JVss.lla% — E Dynamite... 85 95
s Ry of Cal6s.loS%llo Giant Con Co.. 84% S4?{
SPof A 65....112U — Vlgorit 2% 2%,
S P C 65(1905). — — . Sugar—
S I 1 C 65(15C6).11l — • Hana P C 0.... 12% 12^
SP C 6s(1912).118% — Haw C&S Co 95% 97 .
SPCIs eg ss. 104 — Honokaa S Co. 34% 35
SPBr 6s 122 — Hutch S P Co. 29 30
S V Wat 65....113%114 Kilauea S Co.. 25 30
S V Wat 4s. ...103% — Makawell SCo 49 49%
S V W45(3dm).101%102 Onomea S Co.. 38 39
Stktn Gas 65.. — — Paauhau S Co. 35 35*4
Water Stocks— ■ I Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 70Vi 70% ! Al Pack Assn.llßi.4l2o
Marln County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100'
Sprtng Valley. 101^101% Oceanic S Co.. 87*4 87%
Gas and Electric— |Pac A F A.... 1% —
Cent Gas Co.. — — iPac C Bor Co. —
Cent L & P... 5% — Par Paint Co. 8% —
Eqult GL. Co. 6 '6M,
Morning Session.
Board — :
50 Contra Costa Water 70 25
125 Equitable Gas 6 25
laGlant Powder Con 84 50
5 Giant Powder Con, cash 84 75
55 Giant Powder Con '. 84 75
60 Hana • Plantation Co 12 25
20 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 75
20 Market Street Railway 62 12%
30 Onomea Sugar Co 38 50
50 Paauhau S P Co 35 25
10 Paauhau S P Co 35 12%
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 61 28
10 g F Gas & Electric Co 61 37%
$4000 S F .v S .1 V Bonds 115 50
30 Spring Valley Water 10137%
$4000 Spring Valley 6? 114 00
$1000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage) 10175
Street—
395 Honokaa Sugar Co 34 73
Afternoon Session. I ■"
Board— •
75 Equitable Gas 6 12%
15 Giant Powder Con 84 50
5 Giant Powder Con 84 62% i
45 Hana Plantation Co- 12 25 .1
30 Market Street Railway 62 12%
$3000 Northern Railway of Cal 55... 113 00
65 Paauhau S P Co ....35 25
100 Paauhau S P Co, b 6 35 25
40 Lighting Lighting 4100
Street—
40 Contra Costa Water- 70 25
$5000 Oakland Gas Bonds." 108 00
$2000 S F & S J V Bonds 115 50
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD. .
Morning Session.
Board —
10 Contra Costa Water 70 37%
10 Contra Costa Water... 70 25
.50 Equitable Gas 6 23
50 Equitable Gas 6 12%
• 50 Giant Powder 84 50
50 Giant Powder ......: M 62%
100 Honokaa Sugar C 0....1 ...• 34 75 !
. 100 Vigorit Powder ............ *. 275 j
'50 Vlgorit Powder 2 87%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Equitable Gas . 6 37%
20 Contra Costa Water ; 70 25
15 Giant Powder 84 37%
40 Makaweli Sugar C 0..... 43 25
10 Spring Valley Water....... 10125
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE.
'-..■■.• •'' : Morning Session.'
• Board— -"■■.'"
660 Tidal Wave 185
200 Tidal Wave 2 80
300 San Joaquin O & D Co 1 00
100" Equitable .. '. 105
100 Kings County Oil Co :.... -2 00 •
100 Barker Ranch OH C 0.... 105
100 Century OH C 0........ 60
100 Century Oil C 0...... 65
Street—
100 Tidal Wave ' 2 S5
100 Eagle , 50
Afternoon Session.
Board—
150 Tidal Wave •• 2 S5
10 St Lawrence .13 00
100 SanJoaquin O & D C 0...... 00
400 Northfield 75
200 Fresno & San Benlto 60 -
100 Monterey Oil C 0.... ...... 25-
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session. ■
. • Board— ■ .
5 Blue Goose ....45 00
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated ...*..;...;. 00
500 San Luis : 5 00
Afternoon Session. .
.■■ Board — ■ . ' .
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated ........... 100.
Street—
. 2 St Lawrence ..10 00
AUCTION SALES^
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
TO-DAY, FRIDAY, Oct. 27. 1599. at 414 Me.
ALLISTER ST., at 2 p. m. Elegant furniture,
carpets, rugs, art dishes and vases, etc.
ers invited. _____.______■»_«—-_•«—____
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fra>
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
.Morning Session.
4<X> Best & Belcher 49, 600 Ophlr -,
300 Caledonia 45 1100 Overman ;;
300 Chollar 27 300 Potosi
100 < - <>n Cal & Va..l 65 300 Potosi
■uld & Curfy. 30 300 Sierra Nevi
inn Hale A: X"r 31 200 Sierra Nevada.
Hale &- Nor 30 600 Yellow Jack. •
100 Mexican 24 :00 Yellow Jacket. 18
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 08| 400 Potosi 3 o
i( mi hollar 29 400 Sierra Nevada. - 4
200 Con Cal & Va..l 65 100 Union C0n....
100 Mexican 23: 100 Utah
300 Overman 14|
Following were the sales in the Pacific B1
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 3d ' 300 Crown Point... n
200 Caledonia 45 IWO Exchequer 01
400 Caledonia 48 500 Overman ...
200 Chollar 27 300 Sierra Nevada. ":, 1
200 Chollar 28 500 Utah 9 -*
1000 Con Cal & Va..l C3i 200 Yellow Jacket. M
600 Con Cal & Val fi7'^ !
Afternoon Session.
150 Best & Belcher 50 1200 Overman n
MO Mexican 2* 200 Potosi g
600 Ophlr 74 200 Sierra Nevada, 53
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Oct. 26—2 p. m.
Bid.ArU.' Bid. vk
Alpha — 04 Kentuck — 03
Alta — u4"Lady Wash — :
Andes 07 09 Mexican 22 U
Belcher 29 30 Occidental 14 —
Best & Belcher 50 51 Ophlr 74 75
Bullion 07 09 Overman 14 15
Caledonia 60 —Potosi. 38 39
Chollar 29 30 Savage 18 20
challenge Con. '21 23 Scorpion 02 —
Confidence Co — Seg Belcher.... — 02
Con Cal & Va..l 65 1 7')' Sierra Nevada. 53 "a
Con Imperial.. — 01 Silver Hill — r>3
Crown Point... 12 13 Standard 295
Exchequer — 02 St Loulb — >i
Gould & Curry. 31 32 Syndicate — 06
Hale & Nor 30 32 Union Con 32 i
Julia — 02 Utah 09 \0
Justice 03 04 Yellow Jacket. 20 21
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
October 26, 1899.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at I
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., In oharge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Uplted. States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and He'ghts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority ot the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of,
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are in addition to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. October K.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Stmr City of Sydney, Pillsbury. 29 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 21 days, via Kobe 18
days.
Stmr San Pedro. Zaddart. 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Sunol, Lleblg, 46 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 22 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Miami. Riley, 100 hours from Seattle.
Stnir Bonita, Buchart, 24 hours from Port
Harford,
Br stmr Robert Adamson, Morgan, 4% days
from Nanaimo.
Schr Reliance, Skipper, 40 hours from Phelps
Landing.
Schr Newark, Beck, 20 hours from Bowens
Landinc.
Schr Corinthian, Korth. 30 hours from Bowen*
Landing.
Schr Abbie, Hansen, 48 hours from Caspar.
CLEARED.
Thursday. October 26.
Stmr Orizaba, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Good
all. PerWtw & Co.
Br stmr Westminster, Petrle, Honolulu; U S
Government.
Ship Santa Clara. Llndbrldgre, Nanaimo;
Alaska Packers' Association.
SAILED.
Thursday. October 28.
Stmr Newport. Friele, Honolulu and Manila.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, Uaal.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolling. Tacoma.
Sunr Scotia, Jacobs. Rockport.
Stmr Czartna, Seaman. Seattle.
Stmr Pomona. Shea. Eureka.
Stmr Navavro, Higgins, .
Stmr San Pedro, Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Hinkle. .
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Hay.
Br stmr Manauense, Barnesuii, Honolulu and
Manila.
Br stmr Tartar. Pybus, Honolulu and Manila.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, Nanaimo.
Schr Esther Buh-ne. An.lerson. Eureka.
Schr W S Phelps. Garthley, Mazatlan.
Continued on Page 11.I OF THE. J J
VV BAT CITIES
SEVEN ROOMS
SATURATED WITH
KEROSENE OIL
Attempted Arson at
Golden Gate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Oct. 26.
The old Bishop saloon, a large three
story building at Golden Gate, was dis
covered to be on fire early this morning.
After the flames were extinguished and
an investigation made Hubert Bishop, the
owner, and his son, 11. .L. Bishop, were
placed under arrest.
The lire was discovered by Officer Lay
ton, who turned in an alarm, mill the ae
yartment soon had the blaze put out be-'
lore much damage was done. Inside the
house the most elaborate and complete
preparations were discovered for causing
the destruction of the building. There
are fourteen rooms in the house, and in
seven of these the floors, the walls, the
furniture and even the ceilings were sat
urated with kerosene. Little pools of oil
were found standing on the floor In sev
eral places. Bo that everything might con
nect and insure one big blaze with the
least possible delay, holes had been bored
through the floors in the rooms in the
upper story, through which oil had been
poured on the ceilings of the rooms below.
Fire Chief Ball, after carefully noting
the condition' of the house, caused the
arrest of the Bishops.
Oniccr Layton, who first saw the flames,
heard a report like a pistol shot in the
house, and at once went to Investigate.
Some time ago the place was a saloon, but
foi some months a large part of it has
been unoccupied. As soon as the officer
reached the saloon part which was on fire
he noticed that the barn, which is many
feet away, was also on fire, BO he rang
ill-- bells of the neighbors to warn them
of the danger. Layton tried to arouse
the inmates of the Bishop house, but no
one responded, so he threw himself
against the door of the saloon and burst
it In. Inside everything was on fire, the
flame seeming to come from beneath the
counter. Stronger than the smoke was
the smell of kerosene, and the officer lost
no time in calling out the department.
In one of the rooms upstairs Robert
Bishop was found, and claimed to be
asleep. Within a few feet of his bed were
found holes bored in the floor, with pools j
<>f kerosene, and a pair of rubbers which j
had been used to walk over the oiled floor, i
Ho told Chief Ball that he did not know
how the kerosene had been distributed
all over his house, He also said that he
had been robbed of (160 and that the rob
bers had probably tried to destroy the
evidence of their crime, intending that he
also should be a victim. Bishop's son,
who was also in the house, claimed that
he was asleep when the fire was discov- !
ered. The home and barn were insured
for $2500.
Foot Crushed by Cogwheels.
OAKLAND Oct H.— Peter Brentsen, a
and. aged SI years and residing at
Fruil nearly half of his right foot
n has been empolyed onthe
mpany's dredger off
W( .- for some time past as an
NO LANGER IN
"BELLE HELENE."
LA BELLE 11F.1.F.NE 1 ' is attempting
her old Troy tricks at the Tlvoli.
It is not likely that the opera will j
cause strained relations in the com- I
pany, although its career in New York
lasted to see Lillian Russell and Edna |
"Wallace Hopper loving each other only !
before people. There is not the material
necessary to strained relations at the
Tivoli, but the music is crisp and the
theme a novelty. „ , 
Mips Walker's only fault as Helena lies
in her exceeding harmlessness. Her nose
is not a bad understudy at Miss Russell 3
and Miss Walker's work is always con
scientious. Little Miss Cotte. in Edna
part la breezy and happy. Up .to now
Miss Cotte has worn the air of a recent
graduate from a church choir, but her
role of the classical "blood" has put to
night any church choir impressions.
Alf Whelan'a local hits rattle as thick
and fast as in a college farce, and they
are wearisomely many. He is r funny
enough without depending on far-fetched
jokes. Mr. Whelan is at his best when
he doesn't particularly try. Tom Greene,
in pink tights, is cute enough to advertise
Infants' food. V
"L« Belle Helene" is a catchy opera.
■ But as it is sung and dressed at the
Tivoll It threatens no war among the
Johnnies.
• • • ■-.■ •■,
"A Breach of Promise," for a long time
threatened, has descended upon us. It
is at the California for this week only.
Speedy relief la desired.
The farce belongs to the one-night
stand. Tolerant San Francisco is mak
ing the best of seven nights. Not all
towns would be so lenient.
There is no reason why a farce of
. knockabout tendencies can't express lt
fcf-lf ir. a novel way if it sets about )t.
But pushing a fat man Into a chair sim-
Ultaneo •■ with a crash from the drum
ha'.dly Impresses an audience as "origi
nal, new and witty," even though that
ai«li/r.ce be of the remote Pacific Coast.
"A Breach of Promise" la a dreary med
ley of twangy voices, bad dressing and
old Jokes. •
Nellie Bennett's Cakewalk and Burt
Havferiy*B Belt are the saving clauses of
thi' synopsis. Mr. Haverly contends with
surroundings that would down a bigger
man than he, but he would be possible
for a two-week farce.
Misp Bennett is the bright particular
Ftar-ess of the mighty occasion. She Is
enrolled as a dashing widow. Her dash
f-URpests dynamite and is rendered un
sparingly, the more so in that the com
pany's farces are sadly meager.
But she has a neat little spring and a
smooth little rock in her instep, and it's
a spring and a rock that find their own
- placr in a walk. And until the de
cree goes forth that Cakewalk* shall be
abolished from off our stage, we must
endure.
At this day there is no excuse for a
Sousti Imitation. Even the fact that Burt
Ilaverly's is a good one offers a vain
plea.
Next week, Bays the California man
agtment. Brown la coming to town. Let
tits be brave and hope for the better.
Nance O'Nell will be back at the Cali
fornia in two weeks. She will produce a
new play at last.
There will soon be another chance to
patronize home industry. George Laßk
, has an opera of his own in rehearsal at
the Tivoli.
"The Bride Elect" condescends to visit
the coast this year. The bride Is war
ranted to set San Francisco humming
when she arrives.
The amateur event of Importance at the
Chutes Theater to-night will be a mili
tary concert by a lot of musicians who
have never played in public before
The Alhambra opens November 5 with
"Mile. Flfl." SARAH >MSTOCK.
- ..
CLEVER VIOLINISTS
PLEASES MUSICIANS
There is a little violiniste 'at the Or
pheurr. tlilfi week whom I would pro
nounce a wonder child, were I not skep
tical regarding the existence of such be
ings. Sada, which is the name of this
youthful artiste, possesses most aa
■uredly superior talent. Her tonelsremark
ably clear and flute-like, her bowing Is
very graceful, her attack is firm and sura,
her interpretation is very impressive and
replete with intense feeling: and her
technic Is indeed well developed. Owing
to her tender age, 14 years, I believe, Bhe
has not yet attained that breadth of tone
which time and the development of her
muscles alone are able to secure for her.
oiler, and while thus engaged this after
noon hln right foot was caught between
two cog-wheels of the swing of the
dredger, crushing all of the toes and most
of the foot up to the instep before the
wheels could be Stopped. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, where the in
jured half of the foot was amputated.
SOLD HER STORE FOR
SIX HUNDRED CORSETS
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
MS Broadway. Oct. 28.
Hannah M. Vormilyea, a widow, is
again having trouble about her cirsets.
Some months ago she came over from
San Francisco and had a young man
named Benedict arrested on a charge of
purloining a number of these contri
vances, and now she appears as plaintiff
in a peculiar suit against Mrs. s. E. Eibos
and husband, once again involving cor
sets.
riling to her complaint, prepared
and filed In the Superior Court late this
afternoon by Attorney \v. J. Donovan,
Mrs. Vermilyea sold to defendants, "v
May 10 of this year, a corset business, to
gether with all the stock, fixtures and
sary paraph< rnalia, located in a store
at 21 Powell street, Ban Francisco, to bo
paid for in corsets after the following
tnann. r, to Wit:
••Tho com for such business
was 600 elaßtic side corsets to be delivered
ilntlfC by defendants in lota to suit
plaintiff's convenience on demand, until
the whole of ;*iid number— 4o9 corsets
were delivered: and in pursuance to said
promlsi made by defendants, plaintiff
Hold and delivered to defendants the busi-
And defendants then and there
went Into possession/
The complaint then goes on to recite
that the Eibes have failed to live up to,
md refuse to perform. their agreement.
and though frequent demand has be< n
made, they have declined to supply plain
tiff with the 600 corsets, the market price
of which Is quoted at $1 per set; except
that they have delivered about thirty-six
and no more, wherefore 5*54 corsets re
main as a balance of unpaid considera
tion. Ergo |6d4 still due. for which
mount In I'nited States gold coin or elas
tic side corsets plaintiff asks judgment.
m m ■
SMALL BOY CONVICTED
OF A HEINOUS CRIME
OAKLAND, Oct. X.— A peculiar spec
tacle of the unexpected things a jury will
do ITU afforded to-day in Judge Hall's
court, when a verdict of "guilty as charg
ed," was brought in by a jury in the
of Freddie Canning, aged 12 years, charg
ed with criminally assaulting Maggie Ew
ing. aged 9 years. The case occupied the
past three days in court and the testi
mony was almost entirely that given by
little children.
It was the general opinion, even on the
part of the District Attorney, that a ver
dict of simple assault would be brought
in, and the verdict, therefore, was a de
cided surprise to everybody except the
juror*! who were: H. Hermanson, Hector
M.TiiFon, J. C. Stanley, William Frathen,
s. Oordon, J. Wolfren, J. F. Ford, L. H.
Hr;;;ts, M. T. Sequira. F. M. Burnham,
li. 1". Eber and J. O. Armyer.
When the verdict was read the accused
boy, evidently realizing the seriousness of
the occasion for the first time, broke
down In tears. He was ordered into the
custody of the Sheriff and next Wednes
day was set as the time for pronouncing 1
sentence. The minimum penalty is four
years In a State prison.
The father of the convicted lad declares
that if a new trial is denied the case will
be appealed and that he proposes to fight
There is especially one wonderful feature
noticeable In her playing. Every musician
knows* that in order to obtain a sharp
and clear staccato a violinist must use a
limbor wrist, that Is to say, he musi play
with his hand only. Bada, however, plays
;to with a stiff wrist and uses her
wholo nether arm and still obtains as
~e and sharp a staccato as the most
rienoed violinist. This is a feat which
! I have not yet seen of any one, and
, how she does it is a mystery t.> ni<-. Par
ticular attention should be paid to the ef
fective manner In which eh-^ played "Ben
Bolt" and "The Suanee River." It was
j the acme of refined execution. Any
musician who desires to hear elegant
playing should not miss hearing the lit
tle girl, for she will one of these days be
heard from on the concert stage.
ALFRED METZGER.
RECEPTION TO DR. GARRETT.
Ladies of St. Luke's Episcopal Church
Entertain Their New Pastor.
A reception was tendered last evening to
1 Dr. and Mrs. Claibourne Garrett by the
ladies of St. Luke's Episcopal Church, in
j the rooms of the new Sunday-school, on
; the corner of Clay Btreet and Van Ness
i avenue.
Dr. Garrett has been some time in the
city and it was the intention of the ladles
of his congregation to give him a recep
tion on his arrival here. But as the Sun
', day-school, which is situated in the baae
| ment of the church, was not quite com
, plete when he arrived to assume his new
j duties, the greeting was necessarily de
j layed until last evening. Dr. Garrett lost
j nothing by waiting, however. The ladies
had used their best efforts to make the
! affair a success and their labors were
amply rewarded by the pleasure that thp
excellent and entertaining programme
i they had provided gave their reverend
KU'-St.
The polished floors of the Sunday-school
w>re covered with soft Turkish mats,
strings of rare fiowers were twined around
the. stately pillars and bright lights shone
i over the gay attires of a hundred beauti
fnlly gowned women who had gathered to
t bid their new pa.«tor welcome.
The following musical programme was
excellently rendered and was followed by
a light supper: Vocal selections— Mrs.
; Richards, Miss Agnes Simpson and Miss
| Kirby; violin solo, Miss Van Wyck; vocal
solos— Frank Coffin and Mr. Girard.
The committee of arrangements that
had the reception In charge was composed
of the following named ladies: Mrs.
Philip Caduc, Mrs. James Rugglos, Mrs.
George Buckingham, Mrs. (ieneral Bab
cock. Miss Heath, Miss Field and Miss
Hoyt. The music was under the direction
of Wallace Sabin.
WAITING FOR HIS BOYS.
Governor Reinhold Sadler of Nevada ar
rived in the city last night and registered
at the Palace, where he is now awaiting
j the arrival of the boys of hla State, who
are returning from the scone of their vic
tories in far off Luzon.
The Nevada boys have made a record
for themselves In the fierce fighting amid
the tropical, fever-infested glades of the
PhillpiilneH, and tlu- Governor of their
State has come to greet thorn on their re
turn home and to look after their com
fort while they still remain in the bluo
uniform of I'nele Sam, awaiting the day
which shall see them mustered
out and returned to the loving hearts
waiting to receive them just over our
eastern border.
With Governor Sadler there came to
welcome the Nevada cavalry M. S. Bonni
fleld, Justice of the Supreme Court of Ne
vada: Henry Kind, County Commissioner
of Eureka County, and George S. Nlx<>n,
editor of the Silver State of Winnemucca.
Annual Tea Meeting Opens.
The thirteenth annual tea-meeting of
the San Francisco Church Extension So
ciety opened yesterday at the Howard
street M. rJ. Church. There was a recep
tion to the ladies at 5 o'clock in the even-
Ing and devotional exercises at 6 o'clock,
which were led by Rev. John Stevens.
The invocation was by S. D. Ulrich.
There were addresses on "City Evangel
ization in Its Practical Phases," by J. X.
Beard, D.D., pastor of Grace Methodist
Episcopal Church; "The City Church Ex
tension in Its Relation to Downtown and
Suburban Churches," by Clarence T.
Wilson, D.D., pastor of Santa Monica
Methodist Church; "Spiritual Life in Our
Plans and Church Work," Rev. A. C.
Bane, D.D., pastor of the Californla-Rtreet
church; "City Church Extension in
Other Cities," Rev. 8. D. Hutsinplllar,
P.D.i pastor of Central Methodist Church.
Resolutions by Rolla V. Watt; eloping ex
ercises by Rev. T. H. Woodward, pastor
of Trinity Methodist Church.
A letter was received from President
I. J Truman regretting that the result
of hie recent accident prevented hia at
tendance, and outlining the work of the
society for the past year.
THE SAIs KEAK CISCO CALL. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27. 189 J.
ALAMEDA COUNTY
QUIETLY WEDDED
AT SAN RAFAEL
I /AAKI.AXD, Oct. 26.— Robert L.
I I 1 Mann and Miss Estelle Thomas
I vy went to San Rafael this after-
noon and were quietly married.
Bine affair was nut a surprise to their
HimniO'iia!'' friends, who were taken
Hintn ihc secret, but to the vast number
|of their acquaintances the wedding was
Hnnt expected. Robert L. Mann is a son
Hof A. L. Mann, the principal of the
Hpenman Grammar School of San Fran-
Jclr-co. He Is a rising young attorney
and is In the office of his uncle, Hon.
Seth Mann, chairman of the Demo
cratic State Central Committee. Miss Estelle Thomas is a daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. John W. Thomas of Kansas. For several months she has been
visiting her Bister, Mrs. R. E. Stetson of Oakland. She Is a charming: young
lady and has made a large circle of friends during her stay in this city.
After the marriage Mr. and Mrs. Mann left for the southern part of
the State, where they will spend a few weeks, and upon their return they
will reside in San Francisco.
to the bitter end. He openly charges that
his son is the victim of a conspiracy and
the hatred of the Ewing child's mother.
■ ♦ ■
Married by Justice Quinn.
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Harry Casper and
Mary Fritz, both residents of San Fran
clpco, and both aged 24 years, were mar
ried by justice >f the Peace Quinn this
afternoon in County Clerk Jordan' 3 pri
vate office.
Marriage licenses were also issued to
lapcini. aged 27 years, of Oakland, and
Adelaide Ghiorzi, 10 years, Alameda; Car
ri.' Maud Taylor. 2ft yearn, and Frank
Pierpoint, 45 yean, San' Francisco; Arthur
I'.n. -:s, h. ::•< v.-ars. and Jennie Gingg, 2S
CONSUL BELL TO LECTURE.
An Interesting Subject to Be Dis
cussed by a Highly Honored
Man.
The members of the Chamber of Com
merce are making arrangements for a re
ception to United States Consul to New
South Wales Colonel George W. Bell, who
is due to arrive here from the East on
Sunday. Consul Bell has represented the
United States in Sydney for the past six
years, and so highly do the people of that
country regard him that they paid him a
i -oinpliment and honor that few Consuls
receive. Although a Federal officer of
this country, the Australians requested
him to act as their representative at the
International Congress at Philadelphia.
Alter obtaining permission from his
home Government, he attended the con
gress and Is now on his way back to re
sumo his official duties. Colonel Bell has
iigreed to deliver an address before the
Chamber of Commerce here next Tuesday,
and on the following day he will sail for
the Antipodes. His discourse will be upon
the commercial possibilities of the Pacific,
a subject with which he Is thoroughly
familiar. Other commercial and lndus
vlted to attend,
trial bodies and the public have been ln-
GERMAN CHURCH FAIR.
Festival in Aid of St. John's Attracts
Many Visitors to Washington
Hall.
A fair was held by the St. John's
Fratien Vereln, for the benefit of the
German St. John's Church, at Washing
ton Hall last night.
The hall was thronged with visitors
throughout the evening and a rushing
business was done by the various booths.
The following programme was presented
on the stage:
Piano solo. Miss Heinz; duet, Mrs. Fukert
ami Mrs. Oetzel: Bone. Master Mlchnelßon;
piano solo. Miss Rpimers: instrumental selec
tion. Professor Oraebpr's Mandolin Club; recita
tion, "Dea Tauches," Mrs. Thoene; vocal
church Quartet.
The booths and those in charge of them
were as follows: Wheel of fortune, Mrs.
P. Johnson, Mrs. Zroan, Mrs. Heinz, Mrs.
Klotz; fancy booth, Mrs. Reimer, Mrs.
Oetzel, Mrs. Nlemann. Mrs. Schons
theimer, Mr?. Fukert; candy booth. Miss
Minnie ' Endlioh, Miss Anna Cattermole;
coffee table. Mrs. F. Endlich. Mrs. Ranft,
Mrs. Maar??. Mrs. Wildy, Mrs. Snyder;
fish pond, Mrs. C. E. Borden. Miss Lena
Bock; master of ceremonies, Henry
Zaum Jr.
The fair will continue two days more.
A RESTRAINING ORDER.
Chief Lees and the Health Board
Temporarily Baffled in the
Nymphia Matter.
Chief of Police Lees, Health Officer Dr.
Lawlnr and the members of the Board of
Henlth were yesterday restrained from
interfering with the lessees, proprietors
and habitues of the notorious Hotel Nym
pnla. The order was issued by Ju'ilro
Dnlngerfleld late yesterday afternoon and
last night Attorney Joseph Dunne served
notices on the Chief and Dr. Lawlor, com
pelling them to refrain from serving the
habitues and lessees of the notorious resort
with notifications to vacate the premises
with ten days.
Struggle With a Lunatic.
While Guatave Anderson," a longshore
man, was being taken in the Sheriff's
van to the ferry en route to the Ukiah
Asylum yesterday, ho tore himself loose
from the straitjacket and attempted
to break open the door. As soon as the
door was opened at Sansome and Mar
ket streets he Jumped out of the van and
Deputies Whelan. Simon and another had
a desperate struggle with him till they
were able to overpower him. It took them
so long that they missed the ferry boat
and they had to drive back to the insane
ward with Anderson.
Charming Auxiliary.
A charming entertainment to invited
friends in promised for Saturday after
noon next by the Ohanning Auxiliary to
take place at the parlors of the Unitarian
church at Geary and Franklin streets
Professor Laniure will give a dissertation
on "Racine," and several pupils In
French will render the second act of
"Athalif." Mmo. yon TJ.'bcrlieh will sing.
Cutting Into Fuller's Estate.
In the dispatches of yesterday from
Chico, Butte County, appeared a long
story concerning the unearthing of the
crimes of perjury and forgery in the case
of the estate of the late Albert Fuller, a
flay to the following named: John Bar
years, San Francisco; Erik Abrahamson,
39 years, San Francisco, and Albertine
Johnson, 42 years, Oakland.
■ ♦ «
Hastily Wedded.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 26.— Frank Lightson
and Miss Belle Farmer, both of San Fran
cisco, were hastily married by Justice of
tin Peace Morris last night. The couple
evidenced a desire to have the ceremony
performed with as little delay as possible,
and the Jud^e had hardly pronounced
them husband find wife and shaped his
lips for the customary bridal kiss when
the happy pair took their departure for
the train to San Francisco.
i miser, worth about $50,000. Several promi
nent people were arrested on Grand Jury
■ Indictments. Yesterday another matter
relating to the same estate came up in
the Supreme Court.
In June, 1597, Fuller gave A. J. Landis a
promissory note for $15,000 to secure an ob
ligation. Landls was obliged to sue E. M.
Woodman, the administrator. The Su
-1 perior Court sustained a demurrer to the
i complaint on the ground that the docu
! ment was faulty in that the claim failed
to set forth the particulars of the trans
action. The Supreme Court reversed the
judgment and remanded the case, holding
: that a promissory note overdue requires
j no statement of particulars other than
that found on Its face.
STOCKTON'S RAINFALL.
Weather Officials Prepare Data for
Fifty Years.
Weather Officials McAdle and Wilson
yesterday completed their Joint naper on
the rainfall of Stockton during the past
fifty years. It will be read at the Farm
ers' Institute, which meets in Stockton
to-day. Besides the rainfall the paper
treats of the temperature and wind veloc
ity since the year 1860. This is the third
paper on the rainfall of tho State, the
other two on S;in Frnnoiprn and Sacra
mento having: been completed some time
ago. They will form Valuable contribu
tions to the climatology of California.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Army Examination Board Is Named
and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 26.— Army
orders: By direction of the Secretary of
War a Board of Officers is appointed to
meet at the call of the president thereof,
at the Presidio, San Francisco, for exam
ination of such officers as may he ordered
before it to determine their fitness for
promotion. Detail for board: Lieutenant
Colonel Wallace F. Randolph, Third Ar
tillery; Lieutenant Colonel Marlon P.
Mans, inspector general; Major Robert J.
Gibson, surgeon; Captain Sedgewlck
Pratt, Third Artillery; Captain .lain.;- M,
Kennedy, assistant surgeon; First Lieu
tenant Roger F. Gardner, Third Artillery,
recorder.
The following named officers will re
port to the president of the Examining
i Board for examination at such time as
; they may be required as to their fitness
for promotion: First Lieutenant John H.
Wholly, Twenty-fourth Infantry; Second
Lieutenant Elvin K. 1 lei berg. Sixth Cav
alry: Second Lieutenant Kthelbert, L. D.
Breekinrldge, Seventh Infantry; Second
Lieutenant Theodore A. Baldwin Jr.,
Twenty-fourth Infantry.
Assistant Surgeon William J. Boyd. Is
relieved from further duty at Fort Riley
and will proceed to S;in Francisco. As
sistant Surgeon Herbert T. Thornhurgh
will proceed from Cleveland to San Fran
cisco. Private Lawrence Wytch, Com
pany G, Twenty-fifth Infantry, now at
Fort Sam Houston, Is transferred to Com
pany E. Twenty-fifth Infantry, Presidio,
Ban Francisco. California.
Pensions: California— Original— Michael
Hennessey. Lafayette, $8. Increase—
Christian Meyer, San Francisco, $S to $10.
Oregon— Original widows, etc.— Phoebe
Fansel. Portland. $8.
Washington— Original: David W. Mau
rice, Spokane, $6.
KILLED BY AN ENGINE.
Joseph Wilson Stepped in Front of
an Approaching Train.
SAN BERNARDINO, Oct. 26.-Joseph
"Wilson, who resides In old San Bernar
dino, was struck by a motor engine which
left Redlands for this city this morning.
The road passes along the street In front
of Wilson's house and Wilson stepped
from behind a clump of trees In front of
the engine, not seeing or hearing it as
he was very deaf. His head and body
Were badly crushed and he lived but a
short time. Wilson had a similar acci
dent a year ago and was slightly injured.
A short time since he drove on the track
in front of an approaching train. His
wagon was smashed and he was thrown
quite a distance. The engineers, knowing
his peculiarities, watched for him, but
this time he reached the middle of the
track before he was seen. Brakes were
applied but it was too late. No blame
Is attached to the railroad employes.
"Wilson was one of the early pioneers and
well known throughout this section.
Killed by an Explosion.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Oct. 26.—Postmas
ter Hanson of Rudley, Cal., was killed in
the Vananda mine, Texada Island yes
terday. It is said that George Bailey
tossed him a bag of powder which he
failed to catch, causing the explosion
which killed Hanson and rendered Bailey
unconscious.
LIFE MYSTERY
OF JOHN VIRGIL
STILL UNSOLVED
Heirs to Claim His
No
Wealth.
Oakland Office Sar^ Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 20.
When John A. Virgil, an aged hermit
whose antecedents and means of gaining
a livelihood had always been a mystery,
died In his cabin at Miles, about last
Christmas time., he left an estate that
was appraised at 17788. Shortly after his
death W. 1!. Knight, then Public Admin
istrator, obtained letters and took charge
of the estate, which consisted of $4154 25
in the hands of the administrator; $2752 85
on deposit m the Hibernia Bank, San
Francisco; three lots at Niies of estimat
ed value in the administrator's petition
at $800, and some jewelry and personal
effects
Late this afternoon ex-Public Adminis
trator Knight, by his attorney, G. E. de
Golia, filed tie first account in the ''State,
showing thai v. claim >>f 13130, presented
by Dr. G. K. Chalmers, sued upon, ha<l
been reduced by Judge Oguen. in a judg
ment recently rendered, to $2144 50; and
that there now remains a balance in the
hands of the administrator to the amount
of $4152 3u, tor which no heirs can be
found.
Among the many papers found in \ ir
gil's cabin none bore testimony that
might lead to an unraveling of the her
mit's past life, except that it was found
that in his \ounger dajs he was an or
phan and had been an inmate of an or
phan asylum at St. Augustine. Florida.
The administrator spared no efforts to
learn mon about decedent's past, in the
hope of locating an heir, bui all efforts
were of no avail.
From tin- records of the St. Augustine
orphan asylum It was learned, however,
that neaily seventy years ago an infant
was brought there by an unkiown
woman who gave the name of Virgil and
the child was afterward named John A.
Virgil. There was no record of a father.
Later the boy had been taken into the
custody and care of a prominent physi
cian, who also since died, and about nt'ty
years ago Virgil came to California. The
records of Alameda County show that
twenty-five years ago Virgil purchased
from the late Charles Crocker two town
lots at Niles, directly adjoining the pres
ent site of the Niles Postortice. There
Virgil led the life of a hermit. No one
knew whence came the money that sus
tained him until it was one day discov
ered that he had on deposit in San Fran
cisco banks something like $15,000, but
how he obtained this was all a mystery
and it was noted that the hermit was
always concealing his identity for some
reason unknown to the outside world.
Included in his estate were several Gov
ernment bonds.
When in the latter part of 1895 Virgil
suffered a stroke of paralysis. Dr. Chal
mers attended him, believing he was a
pauper. Later Virgil was taken to the
German Hospital and for a time rallied.
In December, IS9S, he suffered the fatal
stroke that carried him off at the age of
70 years.
In view of the fact that after nearly a
year's chase in pursuit of heirs none
have been found, the balance of the
estate, now in the hands of the adminis
trator, will probably go to replenish the
State school fund.
ROBBED BY HER
NEWLY WED HUSBAND
Illinois Woman Bunkoed by a Clever
Swindler From the State
of New York.
ROCHESTER. N. V., Oct. 26.— Mrs.
Mary Jane Colthar, aged 45 years, of Bun
ker Hill, 111., whose husband died two
years ago, leaving her a farm and $2000,
is penniless in this city, having been
robbed of 14075 by a New York contidence
man.
Mrs. Colthar about a month ago, by a
letter of introduction through an agency,
began a correspondence with James Mon
roe. A few weeks later, by appointment,
they met in Indianapolis and the same
afternoon were married. The following
day they started, together with Mrs. Coi
thar's 11-year-old daughter, for New York
to witness the Dewey day celebration.
Before going, however, Mrs. Colthar
placed a $2000 mortgage on the farm and
drew $2100 from the bank. The trio ar
rived In Rochester a few days ago and
Monroe proposed to engage in the drug
business and prevailed upon his wife to
loan him $4075 and started for New York,
ostensibly to purchase a stock for the
store. Monroe has not been seen since.
On Wednesday Mrs. Colthar received a
letter from him in New York, saying he
had been robbed and advising her to re
turn to Bunker Hill. Mrs. Colthar, re
alizing that she had been deceived, imme
diately laid the case before Chief Cleary,
who has taken steps to catch the man.
Mrs. Colthar has found employment as a
nurse here.
Choice of a Commissioner.
WOODLAND, Oct. 26.— A meeting of
the auditing board to the Commissioner
of Public Works was held in Sacramento
Tuesday. The members of the board have
been told that a decision of. the case of
Lewis vs. Colgan authorizes them to ap
point a Commissioner. It is reported that
they have consulted with the Governor
and will name a Commissioner who Is sat
isfactory to him. It is also reported that
the name of the probable appointee has
been agreed upon and may be announced
at an early date. The board will Insist
that the new Commissioner shall reap
point M. A. Nurse as chief engineer.
Funeral of Major Upham.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 26.— The funeral
of the late Major F. K. Upham, treas
urer of the Soldiers' Home, was held at
the home this afternoon. A large num
ber of persons attended. The military or
der of the Loyal Legion was represented
in force. The remains of the deceased
laid in state until 2:30 this afternoon and
were viewed by hundreds of persons. The,
services were in charge of Rev. C. F.
Beck, chairman of the home, and were
held in Memorial Hall.
Onnondy Found Guilty.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 26.— This afternoon
J. H. Ormondy, who was tried In the
United States Court here for counterfeit-
Ing at San Luis Obispo, was found guilty.
The jury was out only five minutes. C.
H. Raymond, his partner, pleaded guilty
and tried to shield Ormondy. Ormonly
has already served time for a like of
fense. Sentence will be passed on them
Tuesday next. _
Death of a Pioneer,
MERCED, Oct. 26.— Augustine Smith, a
pioneer of this county, died here to-day of
typhoid fever. Mr. Smith, who was a
native of Maine, came to California In the
early fifties and located in the San
Joaquin Valley, where he devoted his
time to farming and stoekraising. At the
time of his death he was 68 years of age.
Damage by the Storm.
WOODLAND, Oct. 26.— Farmers along
the Sacramento River report the loss of
considerable clover, Egyptian corn and
buckwheat seed during the storm of last
week. It is said that the losses will ag
gregate several thousands of dollars.
John B. Lodge Dead.
SANTA ROSA. Oct. 26.— John B. Lodge,
a well-known pioneer, died at hiß home in
this city late to-night after a long ill
ness. Mr. Lodge was a native of York
shire, England, and was 75 years of age.
Repairing the Levee.
WOODLAND, Oct. 26.— The contract
has been let for the repair of the Jeams
levee, two miles north of the big ease
ment. The contractor has already begun
work.
TWENTY DOLLARS FOR
A CHANGE OF LUCK
OAKLAND, Oct. 26.— Harry Richards, a Fruitvale butcher, will not again
be in a hurry to feel the curly locks on a colored boy's head in or
der to change his luck. Richards' last experiment cost him just $20
in an East Oakland Justice Court this morning. A few days ago Rich
ards met two colored boys named Meadows. He went up to the smaller of
the boys and took off his cap. then rubbed the little fellow's head with
his other hand. The little fellows protested strongly against such an indig
nity, whereupon Richards exhibited the butt of a revolver that was in hi«
pocket. The boys afterward secured the arrest of Richards on the charge
of carrying concealed weapons.
Richards took the witness stand this morning in his own behalf and testi
fied that he had merely taken off the boy's cap because he had been told
that if he rubbed his fingers through a colored boy's hair it would change
his luck. He admitted exhibiting the revolver, but said it was not loaded
and he had no intention of using it. Justice Larue found the defendant
guilty of Simple assault, told him that such jokes were very reprehensible
and fined him $20.
REGENT DENICKE'S
GENEROUS OFFER
Starts a Fund for Increasing the
Library of the New University
•.;■';. of California.
BERKELEY, Oct. 26.— Regent Ernst A.
Denlcke of the University, of California
is the first to respond to President
Wheeler's appeal for a fund to increase
the" facilities of the university library. In
his address before the thousands as
sembled to witness his inauguration yes
terday afternoon, the new president de
plored the lack of adequate financial, sup
port from which the library suffers.
"Instead of. 75,000 volumes we want
200,000," said President Wheeler, "and in
stead of one or. two thousand dollars spent
annually for new books, we want from
twenty to thirty thousand; and we want
it right now." The request appears to
have aroused interest in the subject of
the library immediately, for to-day Re
gent Denicke sent over the first contribu
tion for a fund to be raised for the pur
pose. It was a generous donation of
$1000. . .
Repent Denicke's gift was accompanied
by the following letter: V . i
My Dear President "Wheeler: No one who
heard your eloquent address this afternoon
could help being moved thereby. You empha
size that the most urgent need was more books
for the library and a fit building to put them
In. I see no reason why the citizens of this
State, from their private means, should not at
once supply the requisite amount of money.
I am sure that It is but necessary for some
one to start the movement, and I therefore au
thorize you to draw on me for $1000, as my con
tribution to a library fund. Tours very faith
fully, ERNST A. DENICKE.
INCISED WOUND ON AN
EYEBALL SEWED UP
OAKLAND. Oct. 28.— George Bakar, one
ol the three-year-old twin sons of Philip
Bakar. the butcher, met with a very pain
ful mishap at his home. 317 Fifth street,
this afternoon, which necessitated a very
delicate and exceptionally skillful opera
tion. The child, while running ufter his
father, fell on the sidewalk with an ink
bottle in his hand. The bottle broke and
its jagged edges cut a deep ga?h under
the child's left eye, extending from trie
inner cornet to the point of the nose, lay
ing the nostril open, and also inflicting an
incision on the eyeball. Thechlld was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, and it was at
iirst proposed that the eyeball be removed.
lus Stratton and Porter, however, called
in Dr. R. <J. Thomas, the eye specialist.
nnd instead the incised wound on the eye
ball was sewed up, the water having not
all left the ball. The eyesight, however,
is practically destroyed.
PRESIDENT GILMAN HONORED.
The Berkeley Club Banquets Its
Famous Founder.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2t>.— President Gilman
of the Johns Hopkins University, Balti
more, was the guest of honor at a ban
quet given in the parlors of the First
Unitarian Church, this city, this evening
by the Berkeley Club, which he founded
many years ago, at a time when he was
the executive of the State University of
California. During the evening he gave
a brief account of his experience as presi
dent of the Johns Hopkins University.
There were about forty guests at the
banquet. Of the original charter mem
bers of the Berkeley Club there were
present Dr. J. K. McLean, Dr. George
Mooar, Professor Joseph Le Conte and
Dr. "W. C. Bartlett, and prominent among
the other guests were ex-President Reed,
founder of the Belmont School; Mr. Janes
of Santa Clara County, Senator George
C. Perkins and others.
IN NEXT
SUNDAY'S CALL
OCTOBER 29, 1899.
The Boers as They Really Are.
By MISS SANNIE KRUGER.
Miss Kruger is a niece of Oom Paul Kruger, and recently
came to San Francisco to complete her education. In
next Sunday's Call she taiks interestingly of her home life.
WHY HE FEARS THE CZAR.
Paul Melnikoff, Russian socialist, tells the story of his life.
Life Among the Arc- American Girls Who
tic Whalers. Are Princesses.
HALLOWEEN SUPERSTITIONS.
The Most Valuable Bulldog in the World.
THE BOOKS OF THE WEEK.
Reviewed by Professor H. B. Lathrop of Stanford University.
A Sunday Call Woman in the Presidio Hospital.
BISHOP POTTER-THE MAN.
DOMESTIC SCIENCE— OAKLAND HOMES— DRAMATIC STARS— AND A
BUDGET OF OTHER FEATURES.
I [ orrum~ \ 1
\IDAyCITBfcSIJ
PRESIDENT WHEELER
WIDELY CONGRATULATED
Distinguished Eastern Scholars Send
Congratulations to the Head of
the State University.
BERKELEY, Oct. 26.— President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler of the University of
California, who was yesterday afternoon
inaugurated as president of the univers
ity, received telegrams and congratula
tory messages to-day from all parts of
the country. Word came from the presi
dents of Yale, Harvard, Columbia and all
the leading universities in the East.
Many of them were semi-official in their
nature. Others came as expressions of
personal congratulations from President
' Wheeler's friends in the world of letters
; and education. President Hadley of Yale
wrote as follows:
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Oct. 20. 1899.
My Pear President Wheeler: I cannot let
this opportunity go by without sending you a
word of personal congratulation, not so much
for you as for the University of California In
the prospect of the efficient administration
which lies before her. Not only for the Uni
versity of California, but for the whole cause
of higher education In the country, It Is a
matter of preat good fortune to have a man
of your breadth of experience as the leader of
education In such a center of influence as
yours. I look forward with great pleasure to
the proapect of some time seeing and knowing
you personally, and having the chance to talk
over the multitude of perplexing- questions
which lie before us all. Sin;erely yours,
ARTHUR T. HADLEY.
To-morrow President and Mrs. Wheekr
will accompany President and Mrs. Daniel
C. Gilman of Johns Hopkins University
to Pleasanton, where they Will be guests
for the day of Mrs. Phebe Hearst. A
special train will bring the party back to
San Francisco in time for the banquet
to be given in the evening at the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art by the members
of the board of regents.
SELLIER-HEIKES WEDDING.
Marriage of One of Alameda's Society-
Belles to a Popular Citizen of
Denver.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 26.— The marriage of
Miss Marie Sellier and Victor Conrad
Heikes was solemnized last evening ac
half-past 8 o'clock at the home of thy
bride's father, L. J. Sellier, 1732 Alameda
avenue. Rev. Father A. Harriet of Notre
Dame dcs Victoires, San Francisco, of
ficiated. The rooms of the house had been
transformed into a veritable flower gar
den. It was a green and white wedding,
a bevy of girl friends of the bride having
fairly smothered the walls and staircases
with daintily arranged coverings of
palms and bamboo, white cosmos and
chrysanthemums. The wide veranda had
been inclosed and hung with Japanese
lanterns. In the bow-window of the par
lor a bower had been built of palms and
other greenery and chrysanthemums. An
altar had been erected within the bower,
and at this altar the happy young couple
were made husband and wife. Miss
Emma Schofield was maid of honor and
B. E. Remmel was best man. Constance
and Hilda Van Brunt, the little nieces of
the bride, were ribbon-bearers.
Following the ceremony refreshments
were served in the parlors. Seventy-live
guests were present, principally relatives
and intimate friends of the bride.
This morning Mr. and Mrs. Heikes left
for Denver. After a short stay in that
city and the Bast they will leave for
Paris. Mr. Heikes being special commis
sioner for the United States mining ex
hibit at the Paris Exposition. They will
remain in Paris during the exposition and
will tour the Continent. On their return
to America they will reside in Denver,
where Mr. Heikes will follow his vocation
of mining engineer. The bride is widely
known in Alameda and very popular In
society.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market end Third streets, open
■until 12 o'oloek every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C 27 Montgomery stree*
oorner Clay; open until 9:30 o" clock.
800 Hayes street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
RS McAllister Btreei; op«n until 8:80 o'clock.
Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission «treet; open until 19 o'clock.
2.61 Market street, comer Sixteenth: open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
ir>9<) Valencia street; open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky streets; open until 9 o'olock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Cbmmandery No. 1, K. _.
T.. No. S Post Regular assembly *___!*
THIS EVENING. Order of the Tern- Ffl
pie. All f raters cordially Invited. •bP
SIR JOHN TONNINGSE-N. Comma "
TERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection -__.
No. 1 — Meeting THIS (FRIDAY.) jsf
EVENING, at 8 o'clock. D. B. i\
GEO. J. HOBE. _/□__
Secretary. <__O
ALL friends are invited to attend the . fr
twenty-ninth anniversary and ball R3f&_2
given by the Austrian Benevolent *ifflß_P
Society on SATURDAY NIGHT, Oct. 4?Jk«&
28, at Saratoga Hall, Sl4 G»axv st.
Hat room at disposal of guests free. Ice
cream and buffet. COMMITTEE.
ACCOUNTANTS.
6. K. BALLARD. 401 Cal. St., designs, audits A
adjusts accounts for corporations & f.nti; re*.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor Chron-
icle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages, damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, etc., drawn; moderate
fees; call or writ*.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Mftrk't. cor. Stocktn.
L. S. CLARK Emma Spreckeli building. 927
Market; consultation free; no fees In advance.
NAGLE A.- NAGLE. attorneys at law, Emma
Spreckels bulldlr.e. 527 Market St.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. PAVIP.SON. '.-T Market ft., opp. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRS'
THOS. H. B. VARNEY, Market and Tenth?
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLES.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
HOARD AND ROOMS.
MARKET, 1049 A (Hotel Robinson;—
and excellent management; MRS. M. C. ROB-
INSON, formerly Oakland, prop.; sunny
suites, very desirable for families; flrst-clofs
table; quick service; reasonable rates; family
suites a spec. , American and European plan.
EDDY, 123— United States Hotel; rooms $1 CO
we?k up. with board $5 DO: suit for two with
board, $12; board. $4 week; meals, 25c; ele-
vator runs all night.
DESIRABLE room, private family: near Hop-
kins Art School; breakfast if desired; ref-
ere:;. ft. Box 2541, Call office.
A NEW family hotel, 807 California st. occu-
pying corner opposite Grace Church.
•■P.ELGRAVIA." Poll: and Clay— Sunny suites;
best board: for 2, $45 up; single. $20.
O'FARRELL, 742— A runny front room; supe-
rior table board; bath, gas, piano; reasonable.
POWELL. SO? (The Waldorf)— Furnished suites
ar.d pingle. with or without board.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home: private schooling; terms $10. A,
/... box,. 275, Call office.
CHILDREN boarded; best of care; terms mod-
erate. 6 Cottage row, off Bush, nr. Webster.
HOOKS NEW AND OLD. 0
SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co.. "04 Mission st. near Third.
BOOTS AM) SHOES.
LADIES' vesting top lace shoes, special $165
Children's shoes, all styles, 8% to 11%.... 75
Men's shoes, $1 up; send for price Hut. Peo-
ple's Shoe Store, ISO 3 Stockton, nr. Broadway.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— SSOO— SALOON, with clubrooms, 1 block from
corner Market and Powell sti?. ; rent *4j;
eplendid paying business ; a bargain. R. G.
WILKE. 80ti Market st.
A— ?2sfl; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
on ■ Dion Bt. ; living room; cheap rent; cood
bunir.CsS. Call R. U. WILKE, 906 Market st.
DAY saloon, established years; dally receipts
about $60; a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom; a chance of a lifetime; investigate at
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market et.
$160— CORNER saloon, one block from Market
et., close to Odd Fellows' bids; rent $40;
lease; dally receipts US; death cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE. 906 Market st.
A— HOTEL of 120 rooms, offices, bar, din-
ing-room, etc. ; establ. many years, with large
patronage; centrally located; this first-class
paying property must be sold at once; impor-
tant family affair calls owner to Europe; full-
est investigation solicited. Call R. G.
WILKE. BOS Market St.
$1100— CORNER saloon with 6 rooms; rent
SCO: mercantile lunch; between wholesale
houses and iron foundries; place clearing $100
per month; lease. Coll WILKE, 906 Market.
GROCERY and bar; fixtures cost $1000;
fresh stock; invoice $600; $25 dally; must be
sold; sickness. KREDO -c CO., 22 Ml Geary Bt>
A— SSSO — RESTAURANT and 8 furnished rooms
opp. d"pot; half hour's ride from city; fins
business; furniture worth price asked.
KREDO & CO., 22^ Geary at.
— $600— CIGAR stand: corner; clears $K0 a
month; cheap rent. Kredo & Co., 22!_ Geary.
$1500— CORNER grocery and bar; best location;
Western Addition; established 27 years; In-
voice the stock; must sell; leaving city.
STENBERG CO., 16>_ Kearny st.
$1000— COFFEE, tea and crockery store; best lo-
cation in the city; cash or will trade for lot
of equal value. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
TO s»ll your business quick see SCHOTTLER
& CO.. 632 Market st.
I4ICO— LOT 100x200; corner San Leandro road
and Rose Et., near Fruitvale; on electric car
line; new building; 7 living rooms; large
etore and saloon; elegant grounds; stable and
■warehouse; ( rustic outhouses; finest road-
side resort In Alameda County; selling on
account of sickness; $2500 down; balance easy
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C.
CLUNDT. San Leandro road, also Call
Branch. Oakland; San Letundro el trio car
passes door.
POULTRY ranch of 11 acres for rent; stock for
sale; accommodation for 1200 hens; swill
route; 2 horses, 2 wagons, cart, harness; 6 In-
cubators (1500 eggs). 9 brooders, hen houses;
390 hens and ducks, dogs, new furniture, etc;
?C5O. PARSONS, Lincoln aye.. Dlmond, Ala-
meda County, Cal. '.
FIRST-CLASS grocery store for sale; no bar]
finest location in the oity; only finest class of
trade; Invoice $4000. R. EVERETT, 1179 Oak.
FOR rent— Bakery and confectionery with 4 llv.
ing rooms; dolryr good business. Apply 91£
Larkln st, between 3 and 6 p. m.
WELL-PAYING fruit store; sale or partner;
cannot attend to business alone. 1082 Howard,
WOOD and coal yard for sale cheap. Apply 1
Oak Grove, near Sixth and Harrison sts.
RESTAURANT, for sale; good reason for sell-
ing. 430 Saneome St.
$50— DRESSMAKING for sale; 4 sunny furn.
rooms; plenty of work. 1626 Devlsadero st.
|3<Vi — ROOM house; rent low; water free.
604% Mission St., room 6; no agents.
FOR nale cheap, account of other business,
wood and coal yard. 3167 Nineteenth st, near
Valencia; Inquire In grocery opposite.
GROCERY store; doing a good business) good
location. Inquire of E. A. KOLB, 419 Mont-
gomery st
A— CIGAR etand: corner; clears $100 a
month; cheap rent Kredo & Co., 22Vi Geary.
FOR Fale at sacrifice; retiring from business;
wholesale and retail store, established 26
years; suitable for wholesale and retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel: can be rented
separate: long lease If desired. GEO. MON-
NIKR, 1103 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eighth.
$1000— CORNER grocery and bar; good corner;
established 12 years; good trade; stock new:
cause of selling, retiring from business; lease
If desired. Junction Guerrero, San Jose aye.
and Valley st.
$2300— ONE of the best located drug stores in
the city, clearing $200 per month; selling on
account of other business. Address L. 8..
box Hi. Call office.
MODEL Art Store, 3032 Sixteenth st.. below Va-
lencia; on account of death; pictures, picture
* frames; all kind of art materials; portraits
enlarged. ' : - . -
1800; PARTNER wanted as cashier to attend to
cigar store; $500 cash, balance on time; nc
agents wanted; barber preferred. Call 3205
Market st. .
$800— RESTAURANT and oyster house; In good
locality; average dally receipts $30; no agents.
Box 2*44, Call office. . 
SALOON—-! Seventh st ; I. O. O. F. building,
opp. new Postoffice bldg.;make offer.
"WANTED— First-class woodworker for high,
class work; must have $1000. Box 2839. Call.
FOR sale cheap— Bakery and delicacy store.
2917 Sixteenth st.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
CHICKEN ranch for rent— Half  Interest in
horse wagon, furniture, brooder*, chicken
feed, etc., for sale, or will sell whole. Box
876,- Call office, Oakland.
FURNITURE' and good will of Hotel Bruns-
wick; doing splendid business ; must sell on
account of death; $3200; terms, half down.
rest on time. Ad. Hotel Brunswick. Oakland.
SECOND-HAND furniture and tool store doing
fine business; on account going East. 1070
Howard st.
PARTNER in cheap and useful invention, or
will sell whole or part. Address Ml Eighth.
$1000 WILL buy half Interest In $4000 r*nch.
Write P. O. box 321. Redding. CbJ.
FOR Bale— Barber shop near Presidio. Inquire
IC3 Seoond ft.
|jf,o^_OLD established florist shop: doing pros-
perous business: cheap rent. Apply Call office.
$300— PAINT shop: eetab. 40 years; good stock;
fine tools. R. WILLIS. 926 Washington st.
PRIVATE boarding-house; 25 boarders; 15
rooms; all full; north Market. Box 1344 Call.
RESTAURANT outfits for sale. D. McRAE.
?4S Mission st.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL A CO.'B. 412 Sacramento st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky *ts. Open till 9 p. m.
carriages" and wagons.
FINE top buggy, almost new: business bugjry,
new; business wapor.S, new. suitable for dry
goods stores; rockftway. 82S Harrison St.
ALL kinds of wagons, bugrles. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. , EG AN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
NO SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
bugries. surreyp nnd horses. 1140 Fn!°itn st
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlnst Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. S. 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 Bth Et; tel. South 250.
J McQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
413 Stevenson ft.; tel. South 215; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st.;
tel Main S?4. OEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at So.
STRATTON'S. i Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. .40 14th
st. ; cleaning, 3c per yard: trl. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
Gate nva.; tel. East 126.
CLAIRVOYANTS AM> M IKI I UALIS.M.
MRS. DR. CLARK.
the well-known trance medium and «air-
voyaiu, may he consulted on all affairs of
life. While entranced she will reveal every
bidden mystery; she Trill show you how to
overcome your enemies! remove family trou-
bles- restore lost affections; unite the sepa-
rated: recovers lost, stolen' or burled prop-
erty; locates treasures and minerals; tells
your entire life, past, present and future, |
while in a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; s?nd stamp for circular
With special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
205 Turk st. Home Sundays and evenings.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
sittings, $1; diagnosis free: "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure dis-
eases; send stamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
.MME MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
fails: satisfaction guaranteed; hours, 1:30 to 5
p. m., 7-10 p. m.; L., Xc; •'■■, Me. 612!fe Eddy.
MADAME A. CERVANTES, the celebrated
Spanish fortune teller, newly arrived. 8
• Hayes St.. room 7. second floor.
JOHN SLATER; circle to-night, 8:1": sittings
daily. 10 to 4. 1809 Stockton, nr. Greenwich.
MOTHER SADIE materializing seance, IS
o'clock; roc. 409 LeaTenworth ?t,
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, S i
p. m. 14 McAllister st., r. 35; admission 10c.
MRS. HARLAND'S test circle to-night; articles ;
read 10c; business readings, 81. 34 Fifth st |
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed; |
25c; correct answers to all questions. 9 7th st. i
MME. BERINSKLEY, fortune teller. ISA Co-
lumbia Square, bet. 6th and TUI, off Folsom.
MME HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., r. 12.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c: dally, 10 a. m.
to 10 p.m.; Bun., 10 a.m. to S p.m.. 102U Sixth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry. 25c; truth or no pay. 1149 Mission.
MME. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
Fittings dally. 2124 Sixth st.
MME. MOREAU, the b»?t medium and card
reader: 25c up. 73 Fourth st, near Mission.
MRS. WEST, trance medium and healer. 1208
Market, par. 14: mall with $1 and stamp ans.
EDWARD EARLE, Independent slatewrlter,
S3O Ellis St.; seance Scottish Hall. Sun, night
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names. given: 2£c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. C. J. MEYER, 333 McAllister; sittings
dally; test meetings, 10c: circles, 25c: I. 8 p. m.
PROF. Gee— Medium ; read's. .'9c. $l:tp*t circles ;
Tues.. Thurs.. Frl.. ? p. m., 10c. 1033 Market
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA Cleaning and Toilet Compounds and
Compound Paste: a household blessing; a sure
cure for poison oak. PAMUEL SEYMOUR, i
Agent. Office and factory. 21 Br--ir St.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Arency; no charge un-
leas successful. Room luO, »27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
5 SUNNY rooms; chicken house, barn; cheap.
621 Thirtieth St., near Noe.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and bath, with or wlth-
out stable. 409 Dolores st.. near Seventeenth.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINB" dental parlors, 927
Market St., over Cafe ZEnka»d— extract-
ed without pain by the use rt electricity, gas
or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the gums; the best *nd most artistic
dental work at reasonable prices ; pure gold
fillings from $1 up: other fillings from s0o:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 50 up; flesh colored plates from $3 £0
up: teeth without plates a specialty; op«n
evenings and Sundays. ___^
A NEW anesthetic tor painless dentistry,
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain; e»e our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 60; plates,
full set, $5; all work patalees and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Birth st.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., you can'
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 60 up; plates, extractions free, {4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.. ex-
tracts an! nils teeth painlessly by his won-
i ■ derful secret method; crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the bert work; the low-
est prices: all work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modern
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAS VROOM— Painless extraction by electric-
ity: guarantee 10 y«ars; lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush;
full set teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
MEYER— Deutseher Z&hnarzt, 6 Turk: lst-class
work: prices reas.: gas: crown & bridge work. '
LOWEST prices in S. F. : work warranted 10
years. N. Y. Dentists. PC? Mission, cor. 6th.
| DR. LUDLUM HILL. 144$ Market st. near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and finings a
specialty; an work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IMI Polk st. -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
DRESSES-rCuttlng: and fitting taught at schol-
ar's house, $10. 403 Grant aye., cor. Bush.
S. F. Dressmaking, Ladles Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 Van Ness.
PARISIAN dressmaking, BSJ Geary: dresses
made t*> up; dresses made fr»r: - perfect ■ tit.
EDUCATIONAL.
MR. and MRS. W. F. AYRES have returned
I from their vacation and resumed personal su-
pervision over Ayres' Business College; new
; and progressive methods in all branches; the ]
only school In the city ■ having the right to i
use the practical Budget system of bookkeep- ,
Ing; life scholarship. $50; send for catalogue.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st S. F.;
■ practical courses In bookkeeping, shorthand. I
typing, S languages. . telegraphy. ; English |
branches, civil, electrical and mining ensl-
neerlng. etc.; new 80-p.ge catalogue free. s»
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mecb, survey.asßay.archi. ;day . and even. :
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
EDUCATIONAL.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. San . Francisco ■ Business
College, 1236 Market st.
LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night ; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
1; new members welcome; ret. 1008 Mission.
FRENCH. Spanish, etc.. Prof. De Fllllppe's
Academy of Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of.
L»lpglc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
"EXPANSION" th» order at DURHAM'S »u»I-
-ness College. 805 Larttln st, opp. City HalL
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar. writing;
day and night; terms low. 1024 Mission. nr
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help; housecleanlng. 421 Post; tele-
phone Main IFS6.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. gutter: tel. Black 1331.
FIELD'S Employment Agency; help furnished
free. 856 Clay st. ; phone Paris 821.
JAPANK HIC-CHINEKE Emp. Agency: nil kinds
help. QEO. OAKI. 30 Qenry at.; tel. Grant 31
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4HH O'Farrell: tel. East 42«.
HAM KKE, 513 Bush: best Chinese help fur-
nished promptly. Telephone Red 1531.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS hotel cook (woman) wants place
city or country; has best references. HOTEL
GAZETTE Employment Bureau, 86 Mont-
gomery st.
FIRST-CLASS Scotch cook desires a situation
in an American family; best of references.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 816 Putter st : -
COMPETENT young Irish girl desires situation
as nurse, $10 to $15; references. MISS CUL-
LEN. 320 Butter St. •
RELIABLE woman; thoroughly competent
cook and laundress: references; city or coun-
try; wages OB to $25. Address 20 Willow
aye., oft Larkln st.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes some light em-
ployment 8 or 4 hours daily, except Sunday!
wait on Invalid lady, care of child or rooms.
J. D., box 206. Call office. .
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper: city or
country. Call Golden West -Hotel, Ellis st.,
foom 27, between 1 and 3 p. m. :
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 per day and car fare. 637 C Minna
St., near Eighth. _^_ '
GERMAN girl wishes a position to do house-
work and plain cooking; wages $25. Call 344
Fifth Et.
RELIABLE' young Eastern girl for general
work and cooking) wages $20. Call at 418 Lar-
kln st, near City Hall.
RESPECTABLE Protestant woman wishes sit-
uation to do housework; wages, $15. M., 142..
Fourth st.
TWO young Indies would like chamber work
together In hotel. Address box 270, Call.
HOUSEKEEPER; take charge of home or do
second work; Al references. Box 267. Call.
BY young lady (school teacher) a good home In
exchange for light services; must be In re-
fined family; would accept salaried position
as governess. Address, with particulars, box
2917, Call office.
RFSPECTABLE young lady, unexperienced.
would like wcrk in a spice house label de-
partment. Call or address MISS JONES, 235
Eleventh Bt. '
SWEDISH girl would like a position in Amer-
ican family to do general housework. 2~A\*
Perry et. : '
YOUNG girl wishes any kind of work during
the day. Box 2966. Call office.
A YOUNG experienced woman wants situation
to do housework: is. a first-class -cook; city or
country acceptable: can give best of refer-
ences. Address M. X.. 3SOB Seventeenth st.
EXPERIENCED reliable nurse wants some en-
gagements: would receive patients In her
home! good references. Address Nurse, 47 A
Clara St., Third and Fourth, Folsom and Har-
rison.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms 25c to $1 60 night; $1 60 to $«
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry. _^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tacky Ets. Open till I p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
Ipnola st.
~~BM~PLOYMEXT WANTED— MALfciT"
COMPETENT Englishman and wife desire sit-
uations; good workers', country preferred; ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 825 Sutter st
A— sloo WILL be paid for Information that
will secure situation for practical farmer as
manager or foreman of dairy, stock, vine-
yard or grain ranch; thoroughly competent to
take full charge of either; best of references.
Address J., box 870, Call office. .
SITUATION desired by young man at any In-
door work! would work for private family; no
previous experience, but would expect small
wages at first Box 2965, Call.
YOUNG Danish man. single, wants situation
In private place thoroughly understands care
of horses, cows and garden; best of references.
Address P. LUND, SCO Seventh et., Oakland.
RELIABLE young man wants situation In gro-
cery store to take orders and deliver. Box 269,
Call office.
WANTED— by German In wine or liquor
house; experienced cellar man and bottler. Ad-
dress box M, Call. •
GERMAN, age 23, seeks position as- bartender:
experienced; best of references. WM. LECK,
3200 Twenty-second Ft
YOUNG man would like a position of any kind;
undertakers preferred. Call or address 430
Fourteenth st. for 2 days.
SITUATION wanted by a young man as por-
ter or ohamberwork in hotel; city. or coun-
, try. Address box 2916, Call office^
MIDDLE-AGED man wlrhes position ft* bar-
tender or night watchman. Box 2914, Call.
BUGGY washer would like work In good stable)
sober and reliable. T. TODD, 529 Sacramento.
HOTEL and restaurant steward; can furnish
the best of references. Box 274, Call office.
JAPANESE wants situation as schoolboy;
small wages. S. — I3HI. 1329 Pine et
YOUNG married couple wish to take charge of
country residence; man carpenter, woman
general housekeeper; best references. Ad-
dress box 2340, Call office.
MAN of good character wants situation In gen-
eral merchandise or grocery store In country;
will work cheap at first to learn the busi-
ness; good driver; references.' Address L. 8.,
72? Bush st.
GOOD steady bread baker wishes position; a
second or good third hand. Address 268 Te.
hama st.
BAKER on cakes and bread wants position:
also good hotel baker and pastry cook. 707
Minna st.
GARDENER, thoroughly understanding car»
or horses, cows, chickens; references; pri-
vate placA. N. D., box 989, Call.
EXPERIENCED eellarman wishes situation;
can do cooperage repairing; references if re-
quired. . Address E. MUTES'. 1524 Powell st
A BRANCH offloe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-seoond and Ken-
tucky ets. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st. ■ '.
FLATS TO LET. ■
FINE flat, 7 rooms and bath; 623 McAllister, nr.
Van Ness. Apply 628 Golden Gate aye.
FLAT hunting made easy with - the printed
list you get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10
. Montgomery st.
FURNISHED sunny corner flat 4 rooms; rent
$18. Corner Hermann and Jessie sts.
GEARY. 1909. opposite Hamilton Square —
flats. 5 and 6 rooms each; upper fiat reduced
to $12 50; lower to $15.
GEARY, 1917— 516; four nice rooms: bath; toilet,
gas; nice yard: cellar; furnished hall.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Flat 4 rooms; gas;
bath; modern Improvements; rent $15.
MCALLISTER. 1129— Upper flat. 7 rooms; with
light and sun; reasonable to good tenant.
NEW modern flat. Just completed; 8 rooms and
bath: reasonable. 1433 O'Farrell st, between
Laguna. and Buchanan. - .
NICE sunny 8-room flat; good order; reasonable
rent to good tenant. 439 Fourth s%
O'FARRELL, 1933-1937— flats. Just com-
■ pleted; rent reasonable. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
BUNNY flat of 4 rooms. Apply at BSH Hoe St.,
between Bryant Brannan, Third and Fourth.
TO let— Modern sunny upper flat; 7 rooms and
bath. 1824 Sutter st.
TO let— 3 flats of 4 rooms each. • Key at 70
Clementina st.. bet. First and Second. ■ ■ ;■
$20— NICE sunny flat; 7 large rooms and bath;
• nice basement: view all over the city. SW.
cor. Jones and Broadway. . •
$16— UPPER flat, 6 rooms and bath; all sunny.
220 Thirteenth St., near Howard. • <► "f
7 ROOMS and 1 kitchens; modern: sunny bay
windows; for 2 families. 417% Third st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call,
: IS pages. In wrapper, for mailing:. $1 jgr year.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
ELLIS. ISl2— Two new modern flats; 8 and 10
rooms and bath; front two streets; sun all
day; newly and handsomely furnished. Apply
10 to 12.
FURNITURE FOR sale.
HEAVY matting-. 10c per yard; linen warp. 15o;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed. laid and lined.
60c per yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
1310-1312 Htockt#> st., nr. Broadway. •
NEW furniture of 6-room flat very cheap, as
" whole or part. Apply 230 A Seventh at. -
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 60, with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
LARGE and email lots: 200 rooms; country:
must buy this week. Box 7C4. Call.
ALFRED WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays
the highest price for your Id-hand furniture.
WANTED— SSOOO carpets, furniture, etc: highest
price paid: postal. M. 911ver»teln,1121 Market.
FURRIER^, FURS. KTO
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30 v ROBT. WALLA 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP — AGENTS.
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 Inches In I
: colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
I'AMAR, 21 First st. San Francisco. *
LADY solicitors wanted;' salary and contmls-
Blon. Consolidated Flavoring Co., 1481 Mar-
ket St.; 2 to 5. .
AGENTS wanted for Eastern specialties 1 call
after 4 p. m. P. C. M. A., 7G Flood bids.
HELP WASTED — FEMALE.
IF MRS. WALTER SIMS Is unemployed will,
she call at room 868, Palace Hotel? MRS.
W. S. J*.
WANTED— city, 4 German cooks, $30 and
$35: It) girls for housework in nice German
families. $26 and $30; 4 French nurses and sec-
ond girls, $20 and $25; German nurse. $20 ; 2
German or Irish parlormaids and . waitresses,
$25; 4 second girls, $15 and $20: 4 dressmakers)
cook, nice boardlngrhouse. $25; C waitresses
for private boarding-houses and restaurants.
$20 and $6 a week; head waitress, $25; a
large number of girls for housework, $20 and
$25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 816
Sutter st ■ ■
WANTED— Cook, plain wash, 8 in family,
Berkeley. $30, very nice place; Protestant girl,
2 in family, general housework, Menlo Park,
?25; lroner for country laundry, fare paid,
$25; girls for general housework for Center-
vllle, $20; Alameda. $20; Oakland. $25; Stock-
ton, $20; Modesto, $20; East Oakland, $25;
second girls for Berkeley, $20; Alvarado, $20;
waitresses, country hotels and restaurants, $20
and $25; cook, country hotel, $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
20 WAITRESSES and chambermaids wanted
for hotels, city and country. $20, $25; laun-
dress, $20; 50 girls for general housework,
$15. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WAITRKaS, small resturant Ban Jose. $13!
need not be experienced; fare paid. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
COOK. $35; 8 second girls. $25 and $20: 2 nurses,
$20 each. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse, one child, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework; must
be good, plain cook; Scotch. German or Swede
preferred; call mornings. 3793 Twenty-fourth
st., corner of Church.
WANTED— girl for upstairs work and I
to assist with children. ! Apply mornings, 1004
Paru st. Alameda, Morton station.
GIRL to assist In housework; no washing, no
cooking: sleep home; French preferred. 671
Ellis st.
GIRL wanted for Unht housework and plain
cooking. Call In morning 1318 Ellis st.
TWO ladles for holiday work. 916 Market st.,
room 81. "
WAITRESS wanted. 105 Fourth street
WANTED— Apprentice for milliners at MME.
A. GRAEf?BLER'S/m_Taylr>r st
WANTED— GirI for light housework »at 1011
Buchanan St.; call after 8 a. m.
GIRL to do cooking and housework; Apply
1622 Geary st, morning. j
YOUNG woman for light housekeeping for lj
wages $9. Call at 710 Lombard st.
GIRL to wait at table. 712 Mission st.
GIRL to help lady In shooting gallery; Call 12
a* m. at 424 Dupont st.
WANTED— Woman to assist In restaurant
kitchen. 183 Seventh st. ,
APPRENTICES on shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— waist finisher, cloak-
makers and pklrt finishers. Only first-claps
handa need apply at 1200 Geary fit., from 7:120 '
p. m.
GIRLS of about 16 years of age to rivet over-
alls In LEVI STRAUSS' factory, S2& Fre-
mont st. .__
FINISHERS on Jackets. LOEWENTHAL'S,
914 Market st.
GIRL; gensral housework; small family; good !
wages. 1029 Dolores st.
GIRL to assist In housework for good home; 3
adults In family. 1522 Rutter Bt.
GIRL fir general housework and cooking; no
washing $20. Call before 12. 2615 Union st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher and buttonhole maker
i on custom vests. Room 111, 6 Eddy st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework.
1604 Ellis St.
WANTED— girl for light housework;
wages $10. 4 Twelfth st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks. E. MEB-
-BAQER, 145 Post st
WANTED— on waists and skirts.
FRANCIS, 796 Sutter st.
WANTED— tailoress; good wages.
FRANCIS, 796 Sutter st. ■
WANTED— Walstmakers and tailor at AR-
NOLD. FRASER * WALSH'S. 628 Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats at ARM AND
CAILLEAU' B. 114-116 Kearny st. ■
WANTED— to work in restaurant. 3 How-
ard st., near East.
GOOD finisher and experienced apprentice girl
on custom coats; also presser. 126 Rubs st.
GIRL to assist with second work and care for
grown child. 2298 Franklin St.. ■
WANTED— ladles who want to make $12 a
, weak. Call 114 Jones at.
ACCORDION pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
ing. pinking:. 121 Post, over O'Connor &Moffatt
WANTED— Experienced lroners at U. S. Laun-
dry.' Sixteenth and Valencia sts. ■
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
' thorough, artistic course. 103 Post st.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
FOR MADERA FREE FARE
Laborers for company work. $1 75 a day; ship
to-day. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERT butter and egg salesman for whole-
sale house; $100 a • month. Apply to C. R.
HANSEN at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104
Geary st. . ' - ■
FIRST-CLASS hotel butcher, meat and pastry
cook, country, $r,O: restaurant cook, $65; sec-
ond cook, $60; third cook, springs, $30 and
fare advanced; second cook, city, $46; 10
waiters, city and country, $30, $26 and $20:
20 dishwashers and kitchen men. $20, $25 and
$30. C. R. lIANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
STONEMASONS for the Coast Railroad. $3 50 a
•day. free fare, ship dally; laborers and team-
sters, Valley Road, $2 a day, free fare;
quarry laborers, country, $2 and $2 60 a day;
woodsmen, $26 to $35, fare advanced; rough,
carpenter for a ranch, $1 50 a day and board:
harness makers for ranches, $30 and $35 and
board; 6 farmers, different ranches, $1 a day
and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary.
WANTED— Head cook, $60; second cook, $40;
butler, $35; iihampooer, $40; cook for Nevada,
$46 to $60 and fare refunded: baker, $10 week;
porter and houseman for hotel, $20; assistant
pantryman,, hotel cooks, restaurant cooks,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Clothing salesman; 2 milkers, city,
$30; man about place, $25; choreman for Insti-
I tution, $20; stonemasons' helper, $2 day; job-
bing blacksmith, $40 and board carpenters, $3
day; 3 tinners for roofing: plumbers; machin-
ist. $2 60 day; harnessmaker, $2 day; driver
: for milk wagon, $20 and found; cooper for
Black work; 2 farmers and wives, $35 and J45;
farmers. $1 day; miners. $2 50 day; 10 laborers,
. near city, $2 day. and many others. J. ,F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WAITER. $25 per month, hotel. MISS CUL-
LEN, 825 Sutter St.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free : employ-
. ment. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 152.
"WANTED— Experienced bookkeepers, about SO,
■ out of employment; must be competent to
trace a trial balance and be thoroughly up-
■ to-date and alive; none but competents need
apply. 932 Van Ness live., between 12 and 1.
YOUNG man as stenographer, typewriter, . law
office; one Intending to adopt legal profes-
sion preferred. . Address stating age, experi-
ence, reference, wages. -Box SBO. Call. •
BARBER for Saturday: $3 from 8 to « o'clock.
.. Comer Front and Clay sts. , ■ : ;
WANTED— Man handy with carpenter tools at
1722 Polk Bt.; call it. m.
HELP ' WANTED—
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Help for Utah, Washington, Oregon, British
. Columbia . and , all part* of California and
Arizona ...1
band sawyer.... shoemakers slate splitters
lather sash and door maker.... blockmaker
Ehlngle packer... iron molder... granite cutter
13 50 $3, $2 60 day come and see
MURRAY. St READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
A ..WE PAY YOUR FARES
to 33 sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
« 197 men for 60 different jobs
from laborers to run machines
.......wages from $26 to $40 and found
.....also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers
...tree fellers bark peelers, Jackscrewers...
woodsmen and mlllmon of every description,
$£0. $75, $65, $50, $45, $40, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tlemakers. shingle bolt makers,
picket makers, etc.. by the hundreds
We pay „, MURRAY & READY, .
Your fares 634 and 836 Clay st.
810 WAGES ...
26 laborers, Inside work $2 to $2 75 day
16 laborers, fare BOc $60
12 quarrymen. country $60
SPECIAL TO-DAY
197 laberers and teamsters for city and coun-
try Jobs, $3. $2 to. $2, $1 75 day; some by the
flay, other* factories, etc
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63« Clay st.
COOKK. WAITERS. OTHER HELP.
HOTEL, LAUNDRY, BAKERY, ETC.
■ 15 cooks $65, $60, KS, $40, $30 and found
14 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
19 dishwashers $30, $25. $20. $15 and found
C port*rs. ,
7 laundrymen and pantrymen.. s2o and found
Coatmaker; broilers: second, third and fourth
cooks; two first, four second: third hands and
» boys to learn baking trade; $40, $35, $35, $20,
$15 and found; fire c«oks and wires or men
together, $65, $. p >6, $50. $40 and found.
.MURRAY * READY. 634-636 Clay st.
CHI POSITIONS NOT ADVERTISED.
5 farmers and wires: 3 milkers and wives,
$40 and found: see boy here.
Bcxmaker Crockery paokers
edgerman. MURRAY ft READY, 634-536 Clay.
£2 CARPENTERS for a steady Job for 9
months, country $3 day
MURRAY * READY. 634-«3« Clay st.
A— GOLD Mines 6 Silver Mines
..IS Other Mines
12 miners, machine drills, g01d..... $75
16 miners, single hand drills, silver.. soo found
02 laborers, no experience required, $67 peT
■ month, including board and lodging
23 laborers, ' you will suit." fare $3 $63
16 laborers, you will milt, fare $! CO — $52 50
27 laborers, you will suit, fare $1 60.. 510 found
Great Crowds MURRAY A READY,
Going Dully. 634-636 Clay st.
A— FARMS Dairies Stables
26 plow teamsters $30, $26 and found
68 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, good
Fteady Jobs.. $30, $26, $25, $20 and found
12 milkers $30. $25 and found
12 choremen and boys. .s2o, $15, $10 and found
9 stablemen, buggy-washers, hostlers, har-
ness-cleaners, etc $50, $15, $40, $35, $30, ?2.*»
find found
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay at
A— WE ship you .free Railroad work
155 teamsters, laborers $2 day
MURRAY & READY. 631-C3C Clay st.
SHINGLE sawyer, $50 and found: 3 tinners,
free fare; camp waiters, $25. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
HARNESS maker, ranch. She fare, $30 and
found: 4 blacksmiths, $(it); 12 carpenters, free
fare. $3 day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
636 Clay st.
10 TEAMSTERS! drive 4-horse Fresno scrap-
ers; $2 day; long Job; no fees. 77 Chronicle
building.
Photographer i first-class all-around
man. Inquire at 303 Eddy St., 5 to B:30 p. m.
WANTED— For nursery work and Jobbing gar-
dening. Call 500 Halght st.
WANTED — Walter that understands cooking*
' 1436 Turk st.
HOUSE painters at 119 McAllister street.
BOY wanted for dry goods store. LOUIS KUH
: A CO.. 956 Valencia St.
WANTED— First-class bootblack. 1203 Market
St.. corner Eighth; good wages.
SHOEMAKERS wanted on repairing; 830-833
Broadway. Oakland.
WANTED— WaIter. 207 Third st
ERRAND boy wanted | good wages. £009 Fin-
more st.
FIRST-CLASS palnterj also whltenen 819
Third St.; call early.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday, 407 Bush
street.
WANTED— Good barber at 2503 Folsom st
WANTED— General blacksmith and horseshoer.
Apply 22 Cortland aye.
WANTED— Experienced men for brick yard.
South San Francisco, San Mateo, County.
2 BARBERS for Saturday and Sunday. 566
Fourth st.
WANTED— Young dishwasher; not over 15
years. 1416 Howard st.
WANTED— 2 harness makers. WM. F. STEIN.
695 Fourth st.
WANTED— men with business ability for of-
| fice position. 472,4 Thirteenth st., Oakland.
WANTED — Industrious young man to work In
grocery store. 435 Third st.
WANTED— Strong boy to do errands. R.
MUNK, 805 Mission st.
! GOOD tailor wanted: steady position. Rooms
115-117 Phelan bldg. v
GOOD lunch waiter wonted at 617 Montgomery
street. # "
WANTED— foreman for farm; one
experienced in beet culture preferred. Address
by letter October 27, stating wages expected
and giving references, E. C. 8., 132 Market
St., room 5.
WANTED— A young man, 17 to 21, Grammar
or High School graduate, living with parents,
for permanent position in city commercial
office. Address 4n own handwriting box 2952,
Call office.
COATMAKERS wanted: steady work. BEL-
ASCO & HARRIS CO. (lnc)., 541 Market st.
WANTED— Coatmakera to work on ladles'
coats: highest wages. FRANCIS, 796 Sutter.
NOW open ßarbers' home; free employment
office: a social room connected for Journey-
■ men; bosses will be furnished free of charge
with first-class help. 1205 Market st, near
Eighth; telephone Main 61., Wm. Haberecht
FIRST-CLASS pressers on ladles' tailor skirts
and Jackets. A. CAILLEAU, 114-116 Kearny.
WANTED— waiter at Manhattan
House, 825 Battery st
BARKEEPER, German; must be polite and
quick; state references. Box 272, Call office.
BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop in country for
* sale. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st
BARBERS — Good 15c shop -at a bargain
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st
BARBER; young man; easy work; $9 week.
Address E. D. 8., Petaluma, P. O. box 507.
BARBERS— to buy, half or .whole In-
terest In good paying shop; country pre-
ferred. Box 877, Call branch, Oakland.
BUSHELMAN. San Jose Woolen Mills Co..
623 Market St., room 3; bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
WANTED— to make himself useful in
store: references required: also last situation.
Box 2367. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED dishwasher. $4 a week. 413
Pine st. M. LIPSCHITZu
BARBERS — For sale cheaD; your own price-.
Address box 282, Call office.
WANTED— IOO men to try our 15c breakfast,
dinner or supper; best in city, 406 McAllister
St., near Polk. •
A — YOUNG men to Join Ayres' Business Col-
lege; have more positions than we can fill.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2Jo
to 60c. 662 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bids.. Third and Market
WANTED— Skirtmaker at SCHIMMEL &
STOVER'S. 408 Sutter st.
600 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 662 Mission St., bet. Ist and 2d sts. •
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices
$1 week. N.Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
BARBERS" Protective Union— The only legal
organized union on the coast. J. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market, downstairs.
WANTED— Laborers and i mechanics to know
that Ed . Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c , per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only 8 weeks re-
quired: constant practice; expert Instruction;
lectures on dermatology: Saturday wages:
call or write for free Illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and !5o
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard: read. rm.
TRY Acme House. 95" Market at., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
.WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 25c night: reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MEN and women wanted to learn barber trade
in 6 weeks: < expert : Instructions; "'. Saturday
wages; call or write for catalogue. S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 741 A Howard at •..■;_," \.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
§ subscriptions . has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- 1
tucky .U. Open till 9 p, m. "
HORSES, LIVE STOCK, — For Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
£27 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. - •:
80 HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 1615 Market st, between Twelfth and
Brady; also some fine matched black teams.
FOR scle— A number of work, road and busi-
ngs horses. Tomkinson's Livery Stable. 0/
Minna st., bet. First and Second. j
FOR sale— A young gentle family cow. 1743
Noe Bt. between Thirtieth and ________
FOR sale— 4 fresh milch cows, with calves. J.
F. PERLE. Angel Island.
HOUSES^LOUGIXG FOR SALE^
H C DECKER
OFFICE IC2O 'MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE STH.
OVER COLUMBIA SUIT & CLOAK HOUSE.
21-room house; $300 cash $7'H>
26 rooms; clears $100 •..•••; 650
IS rooms; clears $S0; rent $30.....^. 000
24 rooms; on Third st. clears $100 500
9 rooms; on Mission 5t...-- 300
_ rooms: corner: clears $200 iruo
66 rooms (transient); clears $200 1500
48 rooms: on Market st; rent $75 1300
60-room hotel and bar 5000
116 rooms; best in the city cOOO
40-room boarding-house :*;i"*"_V^
60 others. 8 to 200 rooms, from $100 to fIO.OOa
R. H. WINSTON * CO.. 1028 MARKET ST.
—OVER WON MILLINERY STORE—
14 rooms; $400 cash. bal. $10 month $600
23 rooms; will sell at auction about price
asked for house: elegant l'<»
81 rooms; facing 3 streets: only ltoO
80 rooms; corner: rent $S0 13._>0
88 rooms: new sunny corner 1300 :
MONEY TO LOAN AT 2 PER CENT i
PARTY wishing to sell lodging house see
BASILE. 3 Eddy St.; new cash buyer dally.
FOR soot cash— ll-room house: a snap; no
•agents. T. P. CHOPE, 1145 Mission st.
FOURTH. 303— A 20- room house well furnished;
good paying house; good location.
1185— ELEVEN rooms: good furniture; $19 rent;
no agents. 846 Third st.
Philadelphia House, 421 Bush; 48 rooms;
fur. ;' gas and water; or take partner; $225.
38-ROOM lodging house: nicely furnished :
sunny corner. 704 Howard^ St.. cor. Third.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list; houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN _ CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$12 DO— ll BUNNY rooms, bath; barn: garden;
chicken yard; at West Berkeley; railroad sta-
tion 1 block; 40 minutes from city. Inquire
WM. HENDRICKSON & CO.. 614 Call bldg.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms; grand view; to a small
family only. 425 .Fremont St., near Harrison.
REDUCED to $46— 9-room lodging-house; 313 Vi
O'Farrell st. Apply at 15 Grant aye.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you net from BALDWIN & HOW_LL.
50 Montgomery st. -- -'•••'
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Small dog; yellow' coat; light on breast:
"ALDEN, 2207 Post" on collar. Return to
1611 Scott St.; reward.
LOST— Black and white Japanese pug. female.
Iteturn to 2700 California St.: liberal reward.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. WYETH. ladles' physician; consul-
tation free; home in confinement; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5. 942 Post st. between
Hyde and Larkln; hours, 10 to 5. 7 to 8.
A STRICTLY private confinement home; sunny ;
rooms; b«»st of care; nice garden. DR. AND
MRS. WEGENEK, phone Pine 2751; residence.
1312 Golden Gate aye. ■;-■• >■
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket st., bet. Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9 a,m. to 5 p.m.
DRS. GOODWIN, formerly of 401 Van Ness aye.
and 1362 Market St.. has returned from Eu-
rope and Is now at 118 Eddy st.
MRS. DR. GWYER, ladies' physician. 510
Eddy st., bet. Hyde and Larkin. • ' •
DR. POPPER, ladles' practical physician for
37 years. 318 Kearny St.; consultation free.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, the world-renowned
ladles' specialist,' 1023% Market st.
HOMJ3 in confinement; treatment $5; consulta-
tion free. MRP. ALLEN, 228 Van Ness aye.
MRP. DR. DAVIES, ladles' physician. 1228
Market St., bet. Taylor and Jones.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dls- |
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
9IISCELLAAEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH St VVOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, baok bar», mirrors, showcases.- coun-
ter*, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures: new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St.. above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR Pointer bitch; best stock in the
country and first-class retriever; price $20.
CHARLES F. PRECHT. 610 Clay st
LAW library of 400 volumes; In this city; Cal-
ifornia statutes and well selected text books:
price $400; must be sold on or before Nov. 1.
Inquire at Call office.
$15— DOMESTIC sewing machine; good order;
attachments complete. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests: bullion safes, vaults, etc The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market ay. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust S. R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 5086.
8 HOISTING engines. 3 steamers. 5 locomotives,
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. JARDINE. 220 Fremont.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged; furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR CREELY'S C. P. Worm Pills by all drug-
gists, or Dog. Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS Bants, $2 75: fine suit. $10. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving, showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 1118 Mission; Tel. Jessie 1163.
2D-HAND doors, lumber, sash. etc.. for sale
cheap; old houses bought, rem'd. 8 Valencia.
DO you know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, wood planers. 12 and
24 in.: gas eng:.. 2d hand. J. Burke, 139 Beal«.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
__ r^ l _
WANTED— Te hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long Job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst. ■ -'
WANTED— Light 2-seated surrey; cheap; state
price. E. MITCHELL, box 879. Call.
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landeoker ft Co.. 118 Montgomery
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security: payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as long as you de-
eire; avoid red tap« and publicity: see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 63-69 Donohoe bldg., 1170 Market st.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN, room 16, first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays: try all others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist, 2d or chattel mort-
gages; estates in probate, undivided Interests In
; estates, legacies and mortgages 1 ught: advice
j and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st. .
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
ON real estate. Ist or 2d mortgages, , and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 26 Montgomery st
ALL propositions, small or large: salaries;
|ents. KLOTH. 220 California St.. room 7.
LOANS on furniture, pianos. Jewelry, stock; low
rates. J. H. EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds. Jewelry. W. J. ; HESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortgs. ;
any proposition. DRYDEN, 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; no
commission; private. LICK.' 116 McAllister st:
MONEY loaned salaried people on ...eir notes
without Indorser. TOUSLEY. 692 Parrott big.
IF your property Is mortgaged and ' you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year!
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for M
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are th»
same as if purchased for all cash: bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3 $1 and
r; r>cr month SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO..
lteinw ay flO dealer corner Kearn> and Sutler
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth an*
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous-,
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHAPE 8
J6. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st; pianos organs an.l
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and price- terms easy; prices »°™' t .;. e e f>'-
• thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. '„
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER. & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
DURING this week we offer all kinds of
musical Instruments at greatly reduced price,
to make room for. new stock ; get our lc pr co"
befor buying. ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co..
769 Market st. ,
A DECKER & SON Piano is- the one to buy
when a first-class article is desired. For sale
on?y at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
BARGAIN for to-day only; $250 for a beautiful
walnut Decker upright: good as ne*. owner
leaves city to-night and must have cash. In-
qlre 1131 McAllister st. ■
24 NEW pianos to rent; $3 per mo. BCOTT-
CURTAZ CO.. 560 Hayes st.
PIANOS at auction prices in storage cheap for
cash. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
GOOD upright piano, " nearly new; cheap.
lIORNUNG. 216 McAllister st.
FINE Stelnway upright left by party; sacri-
ficed. -Room 12. Flood building. _
A— UPRIGHTS. $69 up; installments, $5 75 up;
rents. $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine. 138 i^ius.
W. G. BADGER. 412 Sacramento St.. .agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallett & Davis pianos.
LARGE church organ used at Mechanics' Fair;
a bargain. BYRON MAUZY. 308 Post st.
BARGAIN— Good upright: cheap. SCHMITZ, IS
McAllister st, next Hibernia Bank.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy and other pianos. SOS
Post st : ' .
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. : " >V _
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
PLACE suitable for coal yard, bet Howard
and Sacramento, Stockton and Fillmore. A_-
dress box 2946. Call office. .
~~ PALMISTRY.
MME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes:
office hours. 1 to Bp. m. ; reading by mall, n.
PERSONALS.
IDA HATCH, California's celebrated scientific
palmist and vice president of the Chirological
College of California, has arrived at the Rues
House for a few days; delineation of character
fully analyzed and lines carefully translated;
children a specialty: be wise; know thyself;
know thy children; appointments for the poor
and unfortunate free from 8 to 9 a. m., when
the time will be open to the public; make ap-
pointments early, as time will be limited; oral
readings $2, written $5.
MISS MAE CLARKE will find a letter at this
office from DR. G. N. S. of Massachusetts,
who Is now In town. -.''- ■'. ■-,'.';
LABORERS, rare opportunity— Have recently
returned from 2 years' sojourn at Dawson; can
furnish reliable information, etcv Address
box 271. Call.
DRUNKENNESS— A harmless, home 'cure. For
particulars address P.. -P. O. box 453, San
Jose, Cal.; confidence respected.
PAINTING and paper hanging; rooms papered;
$2 50 up. JENSEN & BATH, 303 Sixth st.
■ ' — i • —
THE Ideal Hair Co., halrdressine and mani-
curing. 22 Kearny St., first floor. : -<■:■'■•'..
MRS. L. J. WHEELOCK has removed La Verit«
Parlors to 1140 Market; phone Folsom 446.
FRINGES, braids, beads and Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S. 723 Market st.
GO to LEDERER'SHairdressing Parlors; latest
styles. 25c; hairdresslng at residence, $1 50;
price dressed, with shampoo. 50c; shampooing
short hair. 25c; manicuring, 25c. 123 Stockton.
MASSAGE given at your residence; 16 years'
experience; rheumatism successfully treated.
Address C. J. MCLAUGHLIN, 507 Jones st.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND. manicure par-
lors, 238 Kearny st., first floor, room 2-3.
ELEGANT remnants for suits. $10 75; pants,
$3 75, or overcoats, $12 50; made to order;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 1644 Market St.. St. Nicholas Hotel.
JOHN L. BOONE, I Patent, - Trad mark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Butter st. Laws a Specialty.
San Francisco. Cal. American and Foreign
Send for circular. Patents Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 100 rooms;
i:< to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus an baggage to and from the ferry.
I SLAUGHTER in unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
I clothing, etc., for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE. 22 Mason.
MRS. BENNETT. 1165 Mission— Cancer cure 8
days; no knife, no caustics: references.
! ALL gents wishing to marry wealthy send 100
for latest list. MRS. HERTZ), 706 Ellis st
HIRSUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy st. :
A- KLEIN buys clothing, bric-a-brac, tools
and old gold; send for him. 109 Sixth st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shop: goods bought,
sold, exchanged. 525 Dupont st, nr. Cal.
INCRUSTATION— New invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fine furs and seal
garments: also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
Ing, call on B. COHEN. 157 Third st.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine.ab.
I SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
WANTED— gold for manufa'nsr. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest stock; square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catalogue free. Pal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
102V 4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE}.
C. S. CAPP & CO., ~"
REAL ESTATE AGENTS AND RENT COL-
LECTORS,
NO. 630 MARKET STREET,
Offer for Sale:
FINE LOT. sunny side McAllister «t.. be-
tween Fillmore and Steiner; 40x137:6; suitable
for residence and garden: good neighborhood;
cars handy; cheap.
MISSION, W side, bet 17th and 18th sts. ; 2-
story bay window house; 8 rooms and bath;
already business property.
FOURTEENTH st. between Mission and
Howard; old established grocery with rooms
and flat above; cheap.
LYON, bet. Bush and Pine; fine one-story
residence: 7 rooms and bath.
EIGHTH aye., bet. Point Lobos and Clem-
ent: cars to park and Cliff House pass
GUERRERO St.. within one block and a half
from Market st. ; lot 43x76; good place for flats
CORNER LOT facing the park; Fortieth
aye. and H; cars pass. • . ,
TWENTY CHEAP bay window cottages at
the Mission.
ANY reasonable terms will be accepted • 308
Laurel, near Clay st. ; good house, 8 rooms;
marine view. . iv~m=.
2419 California, near Fillmore st— Lot 34:4>4
x 137:6. and good 7-room house: these will be
sold to satisfy mortgages. McE-WEN BROS..
118 Montgomery st.
NEW CORNER FLATS ' '
$4800; RENT $640 a YEAR .".* !!
$1000 CASH, bal. MONTHLY....!!!!"!!!!!!!!..!
Five and nine rooms each, with "ail modern
conveniences. F. NELSON, builder, corner
Twentieth and Castro sts.
FOR SaIe ~ s room - hard-finished cottage; lot
2jx125; street graded and macadamized. 14$
Sagamore at.. Ocean View; near station.
JlSoo— sl4 per month; 4 rooms. 9-foot basement,
barn, stalls for 2 horses; lot 30-S by 114 feet.
Particulars 409 Thirtieth st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
W lr £! rst aye - antl you wish to sell them,
call on U. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st
VAN NESS aye.: $lio front foot: st. bitumin-
lzed and sewered. Apply 2740 Van Ness aye.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
A i D , ERN 9 r room housTTrT^Vultvale, Oak-
■ land, or sale in quarterly payments an 1 will
>? s«?^t lot for first payment.
.McEWEN 8R05.,- us Montgomery st. \
A— ACRES farming" land near Sunol. Ala-
meda Co.. fronting on county road: $23 per
-.- acre for quick sale. H. H. Crane. 410 Montgy.
FOR sale— acres of grazing or dairying la__
in southern part of Humboldt County. Cal.:
large outside pasture; good climate: plenty of
■ W d « nd water; long time if desired. MAR-
TIN R. JAGER. 110 Taylor st.
20 * ACRES: produced 9 tons of dried fruit and
30 tons of hay this season: good house and
other buildings. T. A. BELL room 612. Ex-
amlner building.
' E i AP £ ST and best In America— The Weekly
tt ,: 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.HOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
f" r. I*'^1 *'^* 0 ? 1 of nc ' for C^^adv^is^nTentsTand ]
-. .scriptlona has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
. *_" cky sheets. Open until 9 p. in.
«Hfls' - - 2 nicely furbished sunny front
- .. .... ns; Ugtu housekeeping; adults- only. I
CHESTNUT. 2?3-ToT r 3 more furnished rooms I
-. '^ r ." OUBe keeping; cheap; fine house: cor. bldg. !
' L i V ? ' . MO, In rear > ne4r Fillmore— unfur- I
■-. .^nej upper rooms; water; rent $7. !
' W>Y. 735— Three large, sunny, well-furnished •
_ r^nis^Jor^housekeeplng; yard.
r-:LLIS.. 822— Modern housekeeping apartments;
i^v.iy furnished; 2. 3 or 4 rooms. '
F i J T!, H< &B— Furnished housekeeping; 8 con- I
_necting. $13; also single, $5 to $7.
F w!l L 7 US ' n f ar Van >»'ess— Sunny room. house-
_ Keeping If desired; single. $5; double. $8.
r f7', T °.^' 21S-Xicely furnished rooms com-
-'._:_ or " ou sekeeplng; 2to 5 rooms.
:W '?\ A l iV - 70! ' ~ nr - Third-Nice large" fur-
nisned rooms; also housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, ICCI— 2 sunny completely furnished
- .i^usekeeplng roomg, $S: also unfurnished rms.
HYDE, 408— Sunny unfurnished rooms; also
parlors. •
I..VRKIN. 325— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
__ m i n^UH_l^J_ 25 _P^_month; central.
MCALLISTER. 424— Two sunny rooms furnished
tor housekeeping; resp. family; price $15.
MISSION. 868— Suite of rooms furnished oom-
piete for housekeeping.
NINTH 20. nr.. Market-2 connecting "rooms,
housekeeping; $10; 1 front $9; single $6; gas;
water: stove. ,
NI MS' US— Beautiful sunny rms.; nicely fur-
ni«hed; » _•-. $5 week; also housek'p: phono.
I'KRRY 174— Large front room; kitchen com-
piete: hot and cold water; including bath.
I'OLJC. 1620— Two connecting furnished rooms;
housekeeping; also bedroom; cheap.
SEVENTH 192— One large unfurnished room;
hougekpg. rms. & suites. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
STOCKTON. 603— Nice sunny rooms. • single or
double, furnished or unfurnished; also house-
keeping.
SUTTER. 191— Sunny bay-window room for
housekeeping; reasonable.
VAN NESS. 402—3 sunny connecting rooms;
complete for housekeeping; large yard.
WEBSTER, 711—2 or three large sunny rooms,
furnished or unfurnished, for housekeeping.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia ft.
ROOMS TO — Furn. and Inforn.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San
Antonio"; opening Oct. 14; electric elevator;
hot and cold water: radiators and coal grates;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor St., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms
250 to $1 per night; Jl 25 to 15 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco. Turk -and Taylor sts.—
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath; rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rmi suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY, 210—2 parlors, 1 single room; neatly fur-
nished.
FULTON, 431— single front room for a gentle-
man.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms; travelers accommodated. MRS. HYER.
GEARY, 656 — Elegant gtinny suite rooms for
• housekpg.; piano, phone; other sunny rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN— Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; |1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715—200 sonny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD. 2628—2 nicely furnished rooms, with
bath and gas; reasonable: reference.
HUGHES House. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
2Ec to Me per night; $1 60 to $3 per week.
HYDE. 133 — Comfortably furnished rooms: quiet
and homelike; light housekeeping permitted.
JESSIE, 315%-^Nicely furnished rms.: modern
conveniences; must be eeen to be appreciated.
MCALLISTER, — Sunny furnished or un-
furnished rooms; suite or single; private fam.
MCALLISTER, 1034 — Large nicely furnished
room: large closet; hot, cold water; gas;
rent $6.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay- window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished, 35c day up; $2 week up; transient.
NINTH, 72 — Nicely furnished sunny single
front room; private fam'.ly; $8 month.
OAK, 115— New elegantly furnished sunny bay-
window room; bath; gas; gentlemen preferred.
O'FARRELL, Nicely furnished rooms; rea-
sonable; must be seen to be appreciated.
O'FARRELL, ■ Bunny pleasant rooms with
or without housekeeping privileges.
POWELL, 39—Tw o front suites at the Wal-
dorf for rent; without board.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis St.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'
parlor; rooms, per night, -25c to $1 50; week, $2 '
to ?S: montS, $S to $20; elevator on office floor;
rooms with hot. cold water; . baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES, Proprietor.
THIRD, 3^3 — Housekeeping rooms. $2 per week;
a!so single rooms for men, 11 per week.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pag"p, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 p«r year.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— sunny connecting single furnished
rooms, eapt of Taylor st. Address, .stating
rent and location, box 2159, Call.
TWO unfurnished sunny rooms; suitable for
chemist; rent not exceeding (9. Box 881, Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairlng at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PUBLIC Library examinations—
examinations for positions on the list of ell-
glbles from which appointments to the staff
of the Free Public Library will be made will
be held on SATURDAY, November 4, 1899.
Persons deelrlne to take this examination j
must make application on or before November
1, at the office of the secretary of the library. !
New City Hall, where further particulars may
be -learned. Applicants under the rules are
required to be between the acres of 21 and 45 !
years.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
NICE private home in confinement; most rea- :
sonable price In city. Mrs. M. Pfelffer. mid- j
wife. 2012 Folsom, nr. 16th; phone White 1344. !
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made; j
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel C 520.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly j
Call. 16. pages, pent to any address In . the '
T'n'tert Statwi l>o»tnald. for *1 per y>ar. ■
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, (prop..
722 Mission: goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
K-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co. j
Office. 401 PoEt. cor. Pov.-"ll: tel. Main 5713.
— ■ — — — =■
TO LEASE.
TO rent— l6o acres. 10 In vineyard. 45 miles
from city, with all stock and implements, at
J2 £0 per acre, cash. Apply at 1914 Powell st.
TO rent— l6o acres, 10 in vineyard, 45 miles
from city. with all stock and Implements, at
t25 per acre, cash. Apply at 1914 Powell St. '
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 7Ec; guaranteed I years.
The Roy Jewelry .-in. 3 Optical Co.. 540 Kearny.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS. i
ALA3IEDA HOUSES.
__~— __ ~_~™~™ - - -
HOUSE 6 rooms; bath; rent $15. 2113 Clem- ;
ent aye. ' .
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD. j
HOME for ladles in delicate health; large ■
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKI3, 1416 Bth. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1300— LOT £oxlso, with large cottage of 6
I rooms and bath: stable, windmill, tank, etc.
j $2500— Lot 40x115; fine 2-story house 8 rooms
I and bath; near station; must be sold at once;
I worth $4000. ■ v
$ZSoO— Let 40x150. on Morton St.. bet. the rail-
; roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 room*;
$500 cash, balace $25 per month.
$3350— L0t 40x150; Morton St.. near Santa
: Clara aye.; elegant new house of fi rooms;
1 $500 cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
: let In all parts of Alameda.
■ H. P. MOREAL & CO.. Ui2 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ONLY 1157;— house of 6 rooms; large
lot; on the sunny side of street; only 5 min-
utes' from university; a bargain.' JOS. J.
MASON, Real Estate, adjoining poetofflce,
Berkeley.
A NEW map of beautiful Berkeley, showing
the proposed extension of . the university
grounds can be had by sending a 2c stamp to-
JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, -adjoining
P. 0.. Berkeley.
| BIG bargain: house of 6 large rooms, bath, pan-
try hot and cold water: high basement; cor-
ner; lot 100x129: fruit trees: chicken house;
well 100 feet deep; windmill and tank; only
1 block from station close to electric cars;
school, churches, stores, etc; take Berkeley
train get off at Lortn station and ask for
RUDOLPH & PERKINS.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent— ln desirable location, house of nine
rooms, bath, laundry and storeroom, with sta-
ble, chicken house and large yard; convenient
to trains and university grounds. Apply O.
G. MAY & CO., Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2650— EXCELLENT neighborhood; 7-room
house; bath, modern plumbing; lot 50x125;
stable; close to trains, schools, etc; Its cheap
at $3500; only $2650 asked for. J. S. MYERS,
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
FOR sale— New house of 9 rooms on Fruitvale
aye.; 10 minutes' walk from station; lot 9Sx
130: horse, surrey and cart and carpets; must
sell. Box 811. Call.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOME residence. 9 rooms, bath, barn; 589
24th. Inquire R. Franke, 1622 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Shellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11 tit and Franklin, Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. '
TO the shareholders of the Independent Red
Men's Hall Association. In the last regular
meeting of the above association a dividend
was declared of 35 cents per share, payable
on the 27th of this month at 8 o'clock p. m.
In Red Men's Hall, 610 Bush st.
H. GRIEB. President.
B. A. SAMMANN. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 98 '50c per
share) of the OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COM-
PANY will be payable at the office of the
company, 327 Market St., on and after
WEDNESDAY. November 1. 1899. Transfer
books will close on THURSDAY. October 26,
1599, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
IN the Superior Court of the city and" county
of San Francisco. State of California. In the
matter of WESTERN BEET SUGAR COM-
PANY, a corporation, upon Its application for
a Judgment of dissolution. Notice— Notice is
hereby given that WESTERN BEET SUGAR
COMPANY, a corporation organized and ex-
isting under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and- having its office and
place of business In the city and county of
San Francisco. State of California, has filed
a verified application addressed to the Supe-
rior Court of the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California, praying for
a Judgment of dissolution of said corporation,
and that MONDAY, November 13. 1899. at 10
o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of said court.
Department No. 2, In the City Hall of the
city and county of San Francisco, have been
appointed as the day. time and place for th»
hearing: of eaid application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
band and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court this 10th day of October, 1599.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk.
fSeal.]
~ PROPOSALS.
UNrv'EREIT Y Of" C ALIFORNIX
BERKELEY.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS. BUILDERS
AND MATERIAL MEN.
Notice Is hereby given to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids are solicited for the
erection of an addition to the Chemical Labo-
ratory building on the University grounds,
Berkeley. Cal., and for performing the labor
and furnishing th* material? necessary there-
for; and said bids or proposals will be re*-
celved at the office of the Acting Secretary of
the Regents of the University, In South Hall,
Berkeley, Cal., at os before 3:3 o'clock p. m.,
of the 6th day of November. 1899.
And notice is hereby further given that the
plans and specifications of said buildings have
been made and adopted and are placed In the
office of Curlett & McCaw. architects, 314
Phelan building, San Francisco, where the
same may "be seen and examined during each
day. from 10 o'clock a.- m. until 4 o'clock
p. m., from this date until day of '
No bids or proposals will be considered un-
less the same are accompanied by a certified
check or a bond of said proposer in the sum
of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with suf-
ficient sureties, conditioned that. If said bid or
proposal ehall be accepted, the party pro-
posing will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obligations
In accordance with said proposal, and plan
and specifications, which shall be and are
hereby required to be a part of such con-
tract. The right to reject any and all bids Is
hereby reserved.
This notice Is given. pursuant to an act, en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled an
act to create and organize the University .of
California," approved March 25, 185J, and an
act amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1872, relating to the construction of
buildings, approved March 3, 1897.
By order of the Committee on Qrounds and
Buildings of the Board of Kei^nts.
E. A. DENICKE. Chairman.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated October 24. 1R99. "
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
John T. McGrath and Cora Weldon 25-19
Rafael Serrano and Conception M. Garcia.. 23-16
Isadore Jonas and Jeannette Keene 81-24
Charles S. Rourke and Alice M. Corder.... 29-22
August Anderson and Anna Carlson 34-25
John B. Berrle and Dora M. Slminoff -'-27
Harry G. Benedict and Mary C. Harris.... 42-36
William H. Philips and Pilar Castaneda. -46-38
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
i indorsed with the name and residence of per-
i sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
DOWNED— In this city, October 15, 1899, to the
1 wife of A. W. Downer, a son.
MARRIED.
DIECKMANN— BOTHSOW— In Mount Eden,
1 October 2.'., 1899. by the Rev. Robertson Bur-
ley, Henry Dieckmann and Anna C. Bothsow,
both of Mount Eden.
FISHER— SCHLAGEL— In this city. October 25.
1599. at St. Paul's Lutheran Church, by the
Rev. Paul Branke, Joseph Fisher and Mary
Schlagel. both of San Francisco.
KINNEAR— COADY— In this city. October 25.
1899, by the Rev. William C. Pond. Charles
A. Klnnear and Eunice & Coady, both of
Son Francisco.' . •
WHEELER— DAHL— In this city. October 25
1899, by the Rev. Frank I. Wheat, William
L. Wheeler and Charlotte Dahl. both of Grass
Valley. Cal.
DIED.
Boyce, Annie McDonough, Anna
Dowd.'Nellle • M. IDlr.it h. Ellen
Erlanger, Herman ' McOee, James
Farrington. Sarah B. Meredith. William K.
Flood. James Moran, Julia
Gately, Alice Newman, Harry
Harris. Abraham Peasley, Ellen
Healy, Catherine Perry, Gladys E.
Hennessy; James - Reed, Annie
. Johannsen, Isabelle Ryan. Amelia A,
Lacey. Alice M. J. Reilly, Rose
Larsen. Johanna Wempe, Anna M.
Lasclottes. Catherine Williams, Catherine
McCann. Elizabeth
BOYCE— In this city. October 24, 1899, Annie,
beloved wife of the late George Boyce, mother
of Rita G. Boyce, and pJster of Joseph, Chris-
topher, Lizzie and. Henry Stanton. a native
of San Francisco, aged 21 years 7 months and
9 days. .". '<
■ G?" Friends and ' acquaintances . are respect-
fully ■ invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the- Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment. Holy Cross Cemetery, via 10:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
DOWD— In Weet Berkeley, October 26, 1899.
Nellie, beloved wife of Thomas Dowd, oldest
daughter of the. late Nicholas and Ann Ennls,
and sieter of Mrs. C. Welsh and Mrs.' F. Mc-
THE SAN FDAK CISCO CALL. FRIDAY. OCTOBER 27. 1899.
Laughlln, a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years 7 months and 13 days.
Cs*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2105 Fifth street. West Berkeley, thence
to St. Joseph's Church, - where a solemn re-
quiem, mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
ERLANGER— In Redwood City, October 25, \
1599, Herman, beloved husband of Sarah Er- ]
langer, and father of M*3. Julius Small and
Esther, Jonas, Simon, Isidore' and Joseph ;
Erlanger, a native of Buchau, Germany, aged >
72 years 9 months and 25 days.
tC7"The funeral services will take place i
Sunday, October 29, at 12 o'clock, at the '
chapel at Home of Peace Cemetery. Special
train from Redwood City at 11:20 o'clock.* j
Friends from San Francisco desiring- to at-
tend the. funeral will take the 11:30 o'clock i
train from Third and Townsend streets for j
Emanuel station.
FARRINGTON— In Alameda, October 25, 1899, ;
Sarah •B. Farrington, mother of James W.
Farrington, a" native of Boston,' Mass., aged' i
71 years 1 month and 16 days. (Boston pa- j
pers please copy.)
. C7"Frlend6 and acquaintances are respect- I
fully invited to attend the funeral' this day i
(Friday), at 11:30 o'clock, from her late resi- |
dence, 1425 Benton street. Interment I. O. j
O. F. Cemetery, San Francisco. ■ '
FLOOD— this city, October 21 1899, James
Flood, beloved husband of Mary Flood, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 42 years.
GATELY— In this city, October 25. 1899. Alice,
beloved wife of John F. Gately, and sfster
of Joseph F. and Augustus F. Neagle, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 28 years.
ICTTi-lende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 703 Davis street, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a requiem high mass will
. be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing- at 10 o'clock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
HARRIS— In this city, October 26, 1899, Abra-
ham Lelb Harris, beloved father of Mrs. An-
. nie J. Harris, Mr. Henry Harris: Mrs. D. L.
Rosenthal, Mrs. R. S. Bornstein and Mrs. C.
J. Silverberg. a native of Exln, Prussia, aged
59 years.
HEALY— this city, October 25, 1899, Cath-
erine, relict of the late John Healy, mother
of John, Frank and Patrick Healy and the
late James Healy, and grandmother of Maria
Healy, a native of Klllaturly, County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 82 years. .",- • .; "
tE7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late rest- j
dence, S Alemany street, off Seventeenth, be-
tween Dolores and Church, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HENNESSY— In the City and County Hospital,
October 26, 1899, James Henessy, a native of
England, aeed 73 years. .
JOHANNSEN— In Redding, -Cal., October 25.
1599/ Isabelle Agnes, beloved daughter of Peter
and Anna Johannsen, and sister of Arthur
and Viola Johannsen and Mrs. L. M. Ludo-
vici, a native or San Francisco, aged 17 years
2' months and 2 days. (Redding, Cal., and
Leip6ic, Ohio, papers please copy.)
CTFrier.ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theo. Clerks, 957 Mission street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
LACEY— this city, October 24. 1899, Alice
M. J.. dearly beloved wife of Charles H.
Lacey. mother of Maud. Frank, Ethel and
Leslie Lacey. daughter of the late Sarah and
Joseph Walker, and sister of Henry and Al-
bert Walker, a native of Melbourne, England,
aged 40 years 3 months and 3 days. •
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. UOS I^ Treat avenue, between Twenty-
fcurth and Twenty-fifth streets. Interment
LaurelVHlll Cemetery.
LARPEN-In this city, October 25, 1899, Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of Louis Lareen, and
mother of Mr?. Charles J. Gottung, a na-
tive of Ireland, Aged 46 years.
GTThe funeral . services will be held
to-morrow (Saturday), at 11 o'clock, at the
residence of her daughter, 25 Wilder street.
Interment private.
LASCLOTTES— In this city. October 26. ISM.
>^ Catherine Lasclottes. beloved wife of Henri
'Lasclottee. and cousin of Leon Cazet and
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Pucheu. a native of
Frame, aged 25 years.
[CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-,
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
October 29. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 24 John street, between Powell and
Mason. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
I McCANN— In this city. October 26. 1899. at St.
Mary's Hospital. Elizabeth, beloved wife of
William F. McCann. and mother of Philip
and John J. MeCann, Mrs. P. M. Kelly, Mrs.
Martin Feeney and the late Mrs. Mary A.
Fischer and James McCann. a native of
County Armagh. Ireland, aged 67 years.
(Healdsburg, Cal., papers please copy.)
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of" her son, Philip McCann, 71 Germa-
nia avenue, corner Flllmore street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
McELRATH— In this city. October 25, 1899,
Ellen, relict of the late John McElrath. and
dearly beloved mother of Frank 3 McElrath,
a native of Ireland, aged 62 years.
Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1349 Jackson street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
high moss will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
McDONOUGH— In this city, October 25, 1599,
Anna, beloved wife of Michael McDonough,
a native of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 2S years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral" this day
(Friday), at 12:4.". o'clock, from the parlors
of 3. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
I thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Crqss Cemetery.
McGEE— In Berkeley, October 24, 1899, James,
beloved husband of the late Catherine McGee,
and father of Mary A. and Katie M. McGee,
a native of County Louth, Ireland, aged 85
years and 2 months.
(ETFrienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, corner Dwlght way and McGee avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oak-
land.
I MEREDITH— this city. October 26. 1899,
William E.. beloved husband of Mary J., and
father of Ethel and Milton Meredith, a na-
tive of England, aged 33 years 3 montlfs and
9 days.
try Remains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Maasj>, 917 Mission street, near Fifth.
MOHAN— In this city, October 25, 1899. Julia,
beloved wife of Michael Moran. mother of
Charles J. and Katheleen Moran. and sister
of Mrs. E. O'Neill and Daniel McCarthy of
Oakland, a native of the parish of Tralee,
County Kerry. Ireland, aged 36 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors of
the- United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth street,
thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate
avenue and Jones street, where mass will be '
celebrated for "the repose of her soul at 8:45
o'clock. .Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEWMAN— In this city, October 24, 1899, Harry
Newman, a native of Russia, aged 37 years.
(C?"Frlenrlß and acquaintances and employes
of the Alaska Packers' Association' are re- :
spectfully Invited to attend the funeral to-
morrow (Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the
chpael of the Craig & Cochran Company. 62
and i5B Mint avenue. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
PEASLEY— In this city, October 26, 1899. Ellen,
beloved wife of John Feasley, and mother of
Mrs. A. Sullivan and the late Mrs. M. Shan-
non, a native of Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 63
years. • •
(TjrFriends and acquaintances are ' respect-
■ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McMenomey & Son. 1067
Mission street, near Seventh, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PERRY— In Ocean View, October 26, 1899.
Gladys J3-, beloved daughter of Arthur and
Carry Perry, a native of Ocean View, aged
2 months and 15 days.
■ (n7'Friendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 115 Farallones street. Ocean
View. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
REED— In this city. October 26. 1899. Annie,
beloved wife of Silas W. Reed, and mother of •
George L., Kittle, Emily and Percy Reed, a
native of Salinas. Monterey County, Cal.,
aged -13 years.
REILLY— In this city, October 2«. 1899, Rose,
beloved wife of John R«illy, and mother of
John J. and James T. Reilly, a native -of
County Cavan, Ireland, aged 64 years. (New
York papers please copy)
[r^Fricn.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence-, 623 -Elisabeth street, between Noe
• and Castro. Twenty-third and Twenty- fourth,
thence to St. James Church, where a requiem
high mass will 1*? celebrated for the rejKme of
her soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
RYAN— In this city. October 86, 1833. Amelia
Agnes, beloved wife of John 11. Ryan, and
mother of Ruth S., John H. Jr. and Martha
J. Ryan, a native of New York, aged 32
years 6 months and 12 days.
£7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ; funeral Sunday
October 29, at 12:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 130 Frederick street, between Masonic
avenue and Ashbury street, thece to St. Agnes
Clmrch for services commencing at 1 o'clock
A solemn requiem mans will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at St. Agnes Church
on Monday, October 20, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
WEMPE— In this city, October. 2«, 1889, Anna
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Fiannagan & Gallagher).'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEEB.
M Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School. - .
Telephone South 8»* , •
i McAVO "v; "<fc ■ CO.!' '"
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
I • 1235 Market St., between Bth and 9th. - I
Telephone .South 247. *>• ■'• ■ - §
Maria Wempe, dearly beloved wife of the late
Harry Wempe, and beloved mother of Ger-
hard and William Wempe, Mrs. Henry Ot-
tons and the late Henry L. Wempe, a native
of Hanover, Germany, aged 79 years 1 month
and 2 days.
WILLIAMS— In this city, October 26. 1599,
Catherine Williams, beloved daughoef of John
and Catherine White, and mother erf Rachel.
Agnes, James, John, Benjamin and Clarence
White and Mrs. William Rodgers, a native
of Boston, Mass., aged 43 years.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
CARD OF THANKS.
MRS. LOUISE ARNOLD desires to thank
her many friends and acquaintances for the
sympathy and kindness extended to her In
her recent bereavement.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H M Watson, Vacavllle ■ L L Lyon, Denver
E T Scriber, Rocklin I A M Mowry, Chicago
G A Perrlman, S Jose J Leonard & w, Chic
E D Severs, San Jose ' A Kenny, Globe
Mrs A G Schlosser, 111 W Plggott 4- w.Seattle
Miss D Schlosser, 111 ; Mies A Ketchison,
Mrs T H Schlosser. Ill' •■ cattle
A R Schlosser, 111 A D Scott & w, TJklah
E de St Maurice, Cal | M A Hudson, Cal
H G Allbrlght, Kans C Gray, Orovllle
J S Meade. Riverside W D Juxbury. Windsor
D J Belcher, Oakland B Shaen & \v, Seattle
O Wade, St Helena Miss D Koppßz. S Jose
L M Brett. U3 A \Q Koppitz, S Jose
J W True. Napa (W T Jeffries, Los Ang
R C Payne, Ky | T F Lovett & w, Cal
H W Lindsay, USA i J R Chace & w, Cal
T M Possell, N York J L Clark. Los Ang
D B Huntley, Oakland H H Davis. Sonoma
Mr Heare. Sacramento J T Young, Fresno
W McKay. Palo Alto II Block, Los Angeles
G Komberg, Chicago' H M Watson, Cal
O L Barton Berkeley R A Blair, Cal
M Sullivan. Spokane J A Hunter, N York
G E Kisslck, lowa C W Mason, Manila
P A Findlay, lowa IW L Capp. TJ 8 V
R White, Chlco .| C C Case, Cal
C H Klrschner. N V |6 Burgstaf. M York
J Porteous, Fresno |W C Orr, Ontario
C A Foster, Lowell C W Billings, Boston
R J Latlmer, Brooklyn, T H Hibberd & w. Cal
A J Rhodes. Portland' A E Hardln & w. Cal
C Teague, Fresno ;T P Boyd, San Rafael
PALACE HOTEL.
D Stark, New York P P Van Vlelt. Term
Dr D Powell, MarysvlMrs Van Vleit. Term
A Anderson. N Zealnd F W Bray. St Louis
Mrs Anderson. N Zieald 6 N Clugston, Chicago
R C Hall. Belvedere 'W E Nichols. N V
li \ Bnyder, O S A Mrs W E Nichols, N V
Mrs J M McClintdck. W A Chrimes, Boston
New York Mrs G Kenney. Cal
Mrs C Angell. N V Miss O Kenney, Cal
E S Shanklln. NY W W Sltt. Chicago
Mrs Phanklin, NY I Sixon & c. San Jose
M Marcus, Chicago T D Valentine^, SutterC
H Florshelm, Chgo ' Mrs Valnetine.SutterC
J H Dale. New York Capt Coudet. USA
JtV D Rk'-gley, N V Lieut T Yitate. Italian
B A Eddy, Mont Army
Mrs R A Eddy, Mont J O Moran. Conn
)R N Ellis. Hanford iR Sadler. Carson
Mrs W W Stow. Cal IB A Wolf. USA
Mrs Balr. Cal J L Glraux, Ariz
tV Baker. Cal Mrs Giraux. Ariz
f< T Herron. L Ang |L A Murray, Oakland
F H Medbury. N V Mrs Murray, Oakland
Mrs Medbury, NY L Gordon. England
F Cavilll, New York Mrs Gordon, England
A P Hafner. N V W W Seymour, N V
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E J Elliott, Sacto |A D Rossman, Sacto
A C Innes, San Jose T F Hook, Sonora
C E Whlttum, Stocktn E Swan, Jackson
G Rosenthal, Fresno M L Shrill, Los Ang
A W Bowman. Uklah , Mrs Fleldman. Chgo
W Black. Los Ang B Stein & w, Cal
J Patterson, Merced J Rodman, Marysville
JI. Mend. Petaluma F Stewart. Oakdale
J D Brown, Los Gatos
C Petersen, Rio Vista
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
.
Valeria Chapman to George W. Hazelton, lot
on 8 line of Ellis street, 137:6 E of Octavla, E
! 25 by S 120; *6. '
I R. D. and Annie G. Fry to Frank B. Norton,
lot on NW corner of Vallejo and Webster
streets, W 50 by N 137:6; $10..
| Estate of Otto Fauss (by Katherlna Fauss,
executrix) to Adam Barthol, lot on E line of
Scott street, $7:6 S of Haight. S 27:6 by E 68:»;
$7456.
Isabel R. Klnsey to Isabel Donahue, lot on N
. line of Clay street, 247:3 E of Drumm, E 77:5 by
N US; $10.
Kate Smith to Gray Bros. Crushed Rock Com
pany, lot on S line of Green street, 165 E of
Montgomery, E 24 by S 137:6; $10.
George and Mary E. Tourny to German Sav
ings and Loan Society, lot on SE corner of Sac
! ramento and Leidesdorff streets, E 45 by S 80,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Elizabeth A. Heydenf eldt to T. O. Heyden
feHt. lot on NE corner of. Stockton and Pacific i
! streets, N 36:9, E 50, N 16. E IS, S 52:9, W 68; $5. I
James Q. Prescott (administrator estate of
Viola H. Prescott) to David Mogner, lot on E
line of Leavenworth street, 68:9 S of Sacra
mento, S 22:11 by E 80: $3275.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Mary and Jacob j
Hecht. lot on E line of Fourteenth avenue, 200 j
N of X street, N 25 by E 120: $10.
John W. Cassidy to Joseph P. Cassidy, lot on
NW line of Chenery street, 18S NE of Mateo,
NW 100, by NE 25, lot 7 block 11, Fainnount;
' USO.
William Nolden to E. G. Kolden, lot on S line
j of Stanley street, 60 E of Victoria, E 60 by S
100, lota 26, 27 and 40, block 40, City Land Asso
j ciation; $5. - .■• :- i •'-.-:' ',
Alameda County. '. '.-,...> ; \v.
San Francisco Mutual Loan Association 'to
Robert J. McMullen, . lot on W line of Second
avenue, 220 N of Birch street. N 100 by W 140,
being lots 133 and 135 on sale map of Teinescal
Park, Oakland; $10.
W. S. and Alice Richards to Henry Booksln.
i lot on SE corner of Eighteenth and Linden
: streets, 9 71:8 by E 100, being the N 71:8 feet of
■ lots 31 to 34. block 595,. Market-street Tract.
! Oakland; $10.
1 Same to L. M. Flnlgon, lot on W line of Tele- ,
j graph avenue. 68 S of Eighteenth street, S 25 '
1 by W 100, being lot 46, Campbell Tract. Oak
j land; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
' Mark Sheldon (owner) with R. Herring (con- 1
' tractor), architects McDougall Altera
tions and additions to a two-story frame build- i
Ing, on SW corner of Golden Gate avenue and
: Laguna streets, W 34:6 by S 120; $3000.
M. F. Joy (owner' with Marcus? & Re.mmcl
J (contractors and architects) — All work for two
story frame dwelling, on W line of Second aye- '
' nue, 225 S of Clement street, S 25 by W 120; $750. i
Henry Heeseman (owner) with William Fal
i lon '& ' Co. (contractors), plan by owner— All
| work to build two new one-story frame cot-
I tages and remove old house to rear of lot, on
! 8 line of Beach street, 97:6 W of Broderick, W
60 by S 137:6, Western Addition block 557; $3125.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued from Page Eight.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, October 26.
' Schr Nettle Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
, ' SAILED.
' . Thursday, October 26.
Stmr "Westport, Peterson, .
Stmr South Portland, Hall, .
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct 26, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Oct 8. lat 1 S. lon 23 W— Br ship Pegasus,
from Oregon, for Queenstown. - • : ■■•,-.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Oct Stmr Noyo,
hnece Oct 25.
REDONDO— SaiIed Oct 6chr Reporter, for
Olympla.
A— Arrived Oct 22— Schr Lily, heno«
Oct 14. ■ - ■ ' ' ■ ■ ■ - <•
PORT TOWNSEND— Oct 25— Bktn Jan»
A Falkinburg, from Port Hadlock, for San
Francisco.
EVERETT— SaiIed Oct 26— Sehr Laura May,
for San Pedro.
BANDON— Arrived Oct 25— Sehr Coqullle, hno
Oct 2; mate was washed overboard.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 26— Schr Repeat
hence Oct 18.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct Schr John
D Tallant. hence Oct 15.
OLYMPlA— Arrived Oct 26— Schr Dora Bluhm.
hence Oct 1.
ST MlCHAEL— Arrived Se»t 24— Stmr Roa
noke, from Seattle. Sept 29— U 8 stmr Bear.
from cruise.
Cleared Sept 21— Schr NellieS Thurston. for
Seattle, via Cape Nome; schr Thos F Bayard,
for Seattle. ■ .
To sail Sept Schr Selma, for San Fran
cisco. . •". > ■
TACOMA— Oct 26— Pchr John A Camp,
belj, from Sun Pedro; stmr Cottage City, from
Skaguay. Oot 25— Br ship Ben Dears, from
Santa Rosalia. .
Balled Oct 25— Br sfetp Manchester, for
Queenstown. ;'
USAL— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Rival, for Ven
tura, '
' VENTURA— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Oeo Loo
mis, hence Oct 25. . , -
Sailed Oct 26— Stmr G*o Loomls. for San
Rrancisco. " ; ; • ;
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Oct 26— Bark
Northern Lieht, from Newport..
Sailed Oct 26— Bktn Amelia, for Honolulu.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct 26— Stmr Alcazar,
from Greenwood. ■■;_ "- '_ ■ - ,
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 26— Stmrs Weeott and
Luella, hence Oct 25. —
Sailed Oct 20— Schr Occidental, for San Fran
clßCo - ." EA STERN PORT.
NEW TORK— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Advance,
from Colon.
Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Alliance, for Colon; Ger
Btn:r Ella, for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
QUEENSTOWX-Arrived Oct 26— ship
Levernbank, from Tacoma.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Oct 25— stmr On
Sang,' for. Sun Francisco; Br stmr Empress of
China, for Vancouver.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oft 24— Br stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Oct 10— Br ship
Jessoment. for Acaoulco.
MAZ.ATLAN— SaiIed . Oct , 24— Stmr ■ Acapulco.
for San Francisco; • stmr Curacao, for San
Francisco. - , v ... .
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS
ROTTERDAM-Salled Oct 26— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York. -■ ■ ' ' •■■
PHILADELPHIA —Arrived , Oct - 26 — Stmr
Nederland, ■ from Antwerp. .
NEW YORK— Oct 26— Stmr ' Patria,
from Hamtiurs, etc.- ■ ■.V - ■?. ' ■-,»•:
. Sailed Oct 26— Stmr H H Meier, for Bremen.
REPORT OF LAND
COMMISSIONER
Losses by Fire for Year
About $20,000,000.
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
■WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.-The annual
report of Commissioner Binger Hermann
of the General Land Office, made public
to-day, shows a grand total of 329,309,063
acres of unappropriated and reserved
public lands In the United State*. The
disposals of. public lands during the fiscal
year show an Increase of 738,556 acres as
compared with the 'aggregate of the pre
vious year. The total cash receipts of
the service increased $792,142 over iast
year. Original homestead entries showed
a decrease of 28.970 -acres In area Involved.
There were 160,504 acres certified or
patented as swamp lands during the year,
an increase cf almost 54,000. Indian ana
miscellaneous land patents issued aggre
gated 212,848 acres and 420.760 acres se
lected by the various States and Terri
tories were approved and certified for
educational and other purposes. Under
the several railroad grants made by Con
gre"ss there were certified patented last
year 504,671 acres of land, together with
00,392 acres for wagonroad | construction.
The Commissioner made a number of I
returns looking to the betterment of the
land, and suggests the enlargement of
Mount Rainier National Park in Wash
ington, und the Yellowstone National
Park in Wyoming. Protection against
fires is especially urged. It is estimated
that the average yearly loss from this
cause is not less than $20,000,000. The
popular utilization of the grazing lands
on the public domain is also urged, and
it is pointed out that so long as the land
laws require millmen and other lumber
men to pay a fair price to the Govern
ment for timber supplies drawn from
public lands there should be an equal
charge levied on the grazing products of J
public lands. The Government, It Is
urged, should derive a revenue from leas
ing such lands. The adjustment of the
Northern Pacific grants shows 36,570,099
acres as the quantity of lands to which
that company is entitled, and there is
still due the company 14,851,832 acres.
The whole area of that grant to the
Union Pacific is found to be 12,129,842
acres, of which 5,153,646 acres are still
due. ■ The whole area of the grant to the
St. Paul, Minneapolis and Manitoba
Company is 1,287.228 acres, and the com
pany has actually received an excess of
10,975 acres. The adjustment of the
Northern Pacific grant shows there was
a deficiency of more than half a million
acres by. the grant of May, 1878. A
deficiency also may be found of the grant
of 1884. ■ ~-
COMTE THE WINNER.
Secures a Verdict Against His Assail
ant, Jules Godeau.
"Pas parceque je l'aime; mafs parceque
Je hais," translated by the bailiff, Monsieur
Cooper, and concurred in by Interpreters
Gagan and Dunker, to be words no other
than "not because I love you, but be
cause I hate you." were attached to the
tune of "Because I love you," and
hummed between the teeth of M. Osmin
Comte during the deliberation of the jury
that was to pass judgment on his assail
ant, Jules S. Godeau, undertaker. Later,
when the Jury gave judgment in Comte's
favor for $100 for his suffering, his woe,
the tune, ceased, a smile crept from be
neath his damaged nope and an expres
sion escaped his lips that sounded
strangely like "Vive .la justice." "A bas,
Comte; a bas," came from the other side;
the jury was paid off and the case was
closed.
The jury retired to deliberate on a ver
dict shortly before noon yesterday and at
2 o'clock came into court for instructions.
The members wanted to know if a nom
inal verdict with costs could be entered In
favor of the plaintiff, or if a nominal ver
dict was entered it would carry costs.
The court instructed the jury that mat
ters of this kind were not to be con
sidered by the 'Jury', and sent them out
for further deliberation. Finally the bell
announced that a verdict had been
reached and the judgment was recorded
as stated. A stay of thirty days was
granted at defendant's request.
HALLECK DEMING'S WILL.
i Decedent Bequeaths His Estate to His
Son and Daughter.
The will of the late Halleck Demlng,
the prominent mill man, who died in this
city on the ISth inst., was filed for pro-
I bate yesterday. The petition accompany
; ing the will sets forth the value of de
cedent's estate at $300,000, which includes
money on hand and notes of the value of
$54,000, stocks and bonds valued at $9r>.W>,
real property in this city valued at $110,000
nnf i v,.oi estate in Fresno County valued
at $11,000.
1 iil it-stator bequeaths his entire estate
:to his children, William and Florence
Deming. share and share alike. The will,
which was executed in November. 1896. is
witnessed by Alexander Stair and John
'; Kunkel.
St. Brendan's Night.
The member? of St. Brendan's Church
have joined forces with the young men
of the parish to make the coming enter
tainment and dance the most successful in
the church's history. The affair is to take
place at N. S. . G. W. Hall on Saturday
i;ext, the 28th, and the best talent in the
city has been secured by the committee
on "arrangements. There is every promise
of a large attendance. The entire pro
ceeds of the evening are to go to Com
pany H of the League of the Cross Ca
dets, and by the boys the money will be
used in equipping their new armory.
Father McKinnon's Lecture Put Off
The lecture that was to be delivered this
evening at Metropolitan Temple by Rev.
Father McKinnon, chaplain of the First
California Volunteers, for the benefit of
St. Frnncia Church is postponed to Tues
day evening, November 21. Father Mc-
Klnnon has been unavoidably detained in
Washington and the East, but he will re
turn to the city next month in company
with Archbishop Chapelle. His trip to
the East will add new interest to his lec
ture.
Major Geary to Lecture.
Company C of the League of the Cross
Cadets will give an entertainment In Met
ropolitan Hall on Friday evening, Novem
ber 3. A very Interesting programme -will
be presented. Including a lecture. "The
IJfe of the American Soldier in the Phil
ippines." by Major Geary of the Califor
nia Heavy Artillery- The price of admis
sion is 25c.
Boer and Briton.
The services at Temple Emanu-El this
evening will be of unusual Interest and
will begin at 8 o'clock. Rev. Dr. Voor
sanger will lecture, his subject to be
"When Boer and Briton Meet to Pull the
Tug of War." The community is invited
tn be present.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PARIJ.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. rrt.
New York Oct. 231 New York Nov. 15
St. Louis Nov. IJSt, Louis Nor 22
St. Paul Nov. 8 St. Paul Nov. 29
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington ....Oct. 2n Southwark Nov. 15
Nordland Nov. 1 Westernland ...Nov. 22
Frlesland Nov. B. Kensington Nov. 29
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For -full Information regarding freight and
passage aprly to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
80 Montgomery st.. or any of its agencies.
COMPAGN'IE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIQOE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. aj^
galling every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, from November 2, 1899, at ' «* *W »
10 a. m. from Pier 42, North River, foot of
Morton st. LA OASCOGNE, Oct. 21; LA
BRETAGNE, Oct. 2S; LA TOURAINE, Nov.
2; LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 8; LA NORMAN-
DIE, Nov. 16: LA GASCOGNE. Nov. 23; LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 80; LA BRETAGNE. Dec 7.
First-class to Havre. |60 and upward; 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second-class to
Havre, $45; 6 per cent reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA, 22 Broadway (Hudson build-
ing). New York. J. F. FXTGAZI & CO.. Pa-
cific Coast Agents, t Montgomery aye., Sta
Frsnclsoo.
PACIFIC CABLE
IS DISCUSSED
Goverrunent May Lay
the Line Shortly.
Special "Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 26.— 1n diplomatic
and official quarters attention Is being
directed to the question of a Pacific cable
linking this country with the Philippines
and points beywnd, and it is understood
this Government and the foreign govern
ments which would be affected by the
cable are now actively considering the
subject.
The officials h«re are assembling data
and preparing cable maps with the ex
pectation that the matter will be brought
to the early attention of Congress. In
a general way the project is for a cable
of four links, via: From San Francisco
to Hawaii, 2160 rrriles; from Hawaii to
Wake Island. v 2044 miles; from Wake Is
land to Guam, 1293 miles; from Guam to
Manila, 1350 miles.
These landing points are all within the
] control of the Uniaed States, our flag
j having been raised on Wake Island not
long ago. This would connect all the
j American possessions in the Pacific by
| a line crossing no foreign territory- Be
sides this the plan permits of an expan
sion so as to secure two outlets to Asia
and the Far East. The first of these
would be from Manila to the Japanese
island of Formosa, from which island
Japan has built a line to the Japanese
coast and the mainland of Asia. The sec
ond outlet would be from Hawaii south
to Farmings Island, at which point the
newly projected British cable from Van
couver to New Zealand crosses.
The foregoing projects would not be
private enterprises, but a Government
undertaking. The Government, it la urged
In support of the project, would be not
I only free from the present high charges
| and from the supervision of foreign com
i panics now handling the business, but the
line being opened to the public and com
mercial uses at a reasonable rate would
afford facilities for the expanding trade
j of the Pacific and thereby yield a coa
siderable return to the Government.
Foreisrn governments which would be
affected by this project— notably Russia,
I Japan and Great Britain— are beginning
i to show some concern over It and It is
I understood that the Government has been
I sounded of late from several foreign
quarters to learn what its plans are.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
hu. Steamers leave Broadway
'KBhw. wharf, San Francisco.
I fsRSRI*. For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
'•^SS^S Oct. 3, 8 13 18. 2i - **'• Nov.
4 cS^ ttß2ysS\ 2 - change at Seattle.
4WhSSS^»! For Victoria. Vancouver
f tlßfili 'TTli (B. C), Port Townsend, Se-
J^^^^H| attle, Tacoma, Everett, Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
:^7*-. . (Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 8, 8,
13, 18. 23, 28; Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter; change at Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and G.
N. Ry.; at Tacoma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Rv.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m., Oct. 8.
II 1«. 26, 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth day there-
after. "^
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayu-
cos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavlota,
Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport. 9
a. m Oct. I, 7, 1L 16, 19. 28, 27, 31; Nov. 4 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a. m.,
Oct. 6, 9, 13. 17. 21, 25, 29;. Nov. 2 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Maedalena Bay, San Joss del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mexico), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of s.iillnsr. ■
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL, PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts.,
.-; >;"w ■ 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 8, 11. & R. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO "
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CROC $12 First Class Including Berth
IHIIL 38 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA Oct. 20. JO; Nov. 9, 1». 29.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA
Oct. 25; Nov. 4. 14, 24.
Short Line to Walla 'Walla, Spokane. Butte,
i Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
830 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
HONGICONG-MARU Wednesday, Nov. 1
NIPPON-MART! : Saturday, Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARU Thursday, Dec 21
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
fHfIBfIHMMI Auckland for Sydney
ißsXilllJ via Honolulu and
[•£'«■■■'• Auckland for Sydney
y ™^^__^ Wednesday. Nov. ' i,
QKamcllinj Th E. S." Australia
GJluHlUlllj/ f8 ji 3 for Honolulu
(OfPFISIZH^ Wednesday. Nov. 15.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa New Zealand, Australia, India, Suez,
England, etc.; $610 firet-cIaES.
L 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts.. [14 Montgomery
Pier 7. Foot Pacific St. Office. 327 Market St.
BAY AND BIVEF. STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
HON., Tues.. Wed.. Tuurs. and Sat. at 9:41
a. m., 8:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), TTrl-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:20; Sundays, 10:30 a, m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1008.
FARE :..... 500
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
New
Fast
Train.
i
Via Rio Grande Western" and Denver
and Rio Grande railways In j connection
with Southern Pac!3c Company's limited
' .' train, leaving San Francisco dally at 8 . • j
a, m.
Through Double Drawing- Room Sleeper.
Free Reclining-Chair Cars.
Perfect Dining- Car Service.
■ For Information, rates, etc., apply any
Southern Pacific agent, or No. 14 Montgomery
street.
W. H. SNEDAKER. General Agent.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
i^eave Bun Francisco via Sausaltto Ferry
■ Commencing SUNDAY. October 1 1899. *
"WEEK DAYS— O:3O a. m. and 1:45 p. m
■UNLAYS— B.OO, • 18:00 a. m. and 1:5" p™.
Far* 8. F. to Summit and Return. tl 4&.
THOB. COOK A SON. Ml Markn at.
/^^K Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
J©^^9>^ i ;«?, EABXXS ' T - Establlshod
Sk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary, I
ft^ i :{l?» 13ABNY » T - Established I
H f"IS»4 for the treatment of Private
B Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or '■
IJiiKMisewearlngoiiboriyandmtndaßd '
H Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcures-vhen
<i)sgZWfm% others fall. Try him. Charges low
gMMimiWffl tnre«i[iurniil<>rd. Callorwritc
Or. J. r. UIHU9 N. Box »»57. FraSo |
BAELKOAD TBAVEIi. _
■•ITIII-UN PACIFIC CO3IPAKT.
(pacific asanar.)
Trail! Iruir ..ml are due* to nrrlfe at
SAN lUAN(IM«.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — From Octobkk 15, 1839. — arrive
•7:OOa. Benicia, Sulsun and Sacramento. . . . *7:43p
, •7:OOa Maryayille. Oroville via Woodland.
Eimira, VacarilloandßuiDseT.... »7:43r
| •TiOOa Shasta Express— Davis. Willowy
Bed BluflC Portland »7:43p
j •7i3Oa Martinet, Kan Ramon, Valiejo; Napa,
Callatoga and Santa Kosa »6!15f
*8i««a The Orerland limited— Ogden,
i Omaha. Chicago »OilO»
' *Bi3oa Sau .lose, LlTermore, Stockton,
love, Sacramento, Placerrille,
MarysTille, Chlco, Ited Hhiir •4«1!»-
-• '*:»•» "Milton. Oakdale and Honora •*!»»
•0:OOa Haywards. Nile* aDd Way Stations. M 1 :45a.
•:):OOa Atlantic Expresa-Ogdeu and East »»:43a
*OiOOa Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop. Stockton.
i Merced and Freino >. • 1 a: 1 3p
. *!t:«l«A Preano, Hakeratiel ■'. Hantn Rarl>ara,
Los Angolee, Iteming, El Paso,
New Orleans and East .rT. . . •Cx43p
•lOiOOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way .Stations # 7:l:>p
•II :00a Hftywards, Niles and Way Stations. »2:-i3p
•12:00 m Nlles, LiTermore, Stockton, Sacra-
:■' •. . mrnto, Mendota, II an ford, Visalla,
PcrterTille *4ilSp
♦l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stenmors tS:O(ip
! •3:O0p Ilaywarda, Nlles and Way Stations. *3545p
•4ioor Martinez, San ■ Itamon, Valiejo, - ' '
"••■ Nupa, Calistog*. Siuita ßosa *O:1Oa
*4:* Op Benicta, VacaTillo, Sacraiuento,
Woodland, Kuigbta Landing,
-^. f ' Mary^Tille, OroTille *10:43 a
•4«30p Ullea, San Joso and Stockton *7:13r
; •SiOOpTho Owl limited— Tracy, Fresno.
RakerstJeld. Saugus for Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles *0:43 a
! •StUOp Stockton, Merced, Fresno »I8:I5p
• •St3»p Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno.
■ ' Mojare ami Jios Augelea *8:43 a
■3iBOr Santa 1 o — Atluulic Impress
for MoJuto uinl, Kast «0:45p
Haywards, and San J05e...... •7s4.'»a
tB:3» r A ailejo : »l 2s l 3p
•«:3o r Oriental Mail— Osden and East »S:sop
17:»0p Valleio. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions. ..:..' i»«f»r
•S:OBr Oregon and California Kxr>res.i.Hao>
- in me ii t», jMaryHvitle, Itediliug,
Portliiml. Tiigct Boini<l nml V.n&t •8:18 a.
COAST DIVISION (Xnrroir Gauge). .
(Foot of Market Street.) ' '
•Bil3a Newark, CeutcrTlllc,h>auJoBe,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations... »3i8O»
t»il 3r Newark, Centt-rTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton. Boulder Creek,
Santa Oka and Principal Way
Stations ..,. fIOiSOA
•4slOp Newark, Han Jose. Los Gates. *9i2oa
nii<Sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations ;7;«0F
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. .
rrwSlH fRINCJSCO— r»t »t Mtrktk Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 0:00 11:00 a.M. 11:00 ♦2:00 13:33
■ •4:08 t5:00 *6:oDp.u.
rr««jO»lUHß— ro«t «f Brc»ii««T. — -r, : 00 8:00 10:OOi.M.
112:03 '1:00 13:03 *3::3 ti:C3 «8:00f.m. '
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
_^ (Third and Townsond Sts.) -
t<J:IOA Ocean View, South Man Francisco.. felaop
*7iooa San Jo«e and Way Statimis (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) *l:80r
•BiOOa Man .loss. Tres Pinos, Santa Crux, '. ;,",T'.
Pad lie GroTe. Paso Utibles, Sau
Luis Olilspti, Surf, Lompoc and
" Principal Way Stations # 4ilop
•lOi4Oi San .Jose ami Way Buttons •0:83 a
•llia»A San Jose aud Way Stations. ..'.... •B:UOp
tBi4sp San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San .lose,
Tres Pinoa, Santa ° Cruz. Salinas.
• Monterey and Pacitlc Grove floiB6A
♦StßOr Ban Jose and Way Stations *7:8 Op
f4:lsp San Jose and Principal Way Stations •9:43*
♦5:00? San Jose and Principal Way Stations t9:O«U
•S:3Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:85*
•OjJJOp San Josaand Way Stations 18:00 a
Hl:43p San Joseand Way Stations *7:30p
A for Morning. - P for Afternoon.
* Daily. t Sunday exempted. I .Sunday only. ;
b Saturday only. ■ >-.'
; CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN IT. CO.
LESSEE
SAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttbaron Perry, Foot of Mark** St.
.^ SAX FRANCISCO XU SAM RAFAEL.
WEEK t>AT3-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a m.; 12«,
3:30, 5:10, 6:80 d. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays^-Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:86 p. m. .
BUNDAYS— S IOO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. «:2Q d. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
VVEETC DATS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:43.
3:40, 5:10 .p. m. Saturdaya-^Extra trips at
1:55 arid 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05.
i 25 d. m.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave '[ Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect 1 San Francisco.
i — i '■ — '■ October 15. : —
Week i Sun- 1899. j Sun- Week
■ Days. days, [ Destination j days. Days.
7:30 am S:CO am • Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am, Petaluma. | 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm I Santa Rosa. 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
'. ' Fulton,
7:30 am • Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsbursr,
Lytton,
* Geyservillo,
*30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:22 pm
7:30 am Hop.land and
8:00 am! Ukiah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am '10:25 am
[8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pmj
3:30 pm ' ■ • : 6:22 pm
7:30 am ( 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am j 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 pm; 6:22 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am' S^bastopol. 10:40 am,10:25 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm ! 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stapes connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagg3
Springs; at Cirverdale for the Geysers: at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelsey.ville, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Hartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Porno,
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. L!erley"s,
Bui-knfil's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr§
Hot Springs, Mendoctno City. Fort Bragg-,
Westport, TJsal, Wlllltts, Lnytonville, Cum-
ming s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer,
Scctla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip, tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round triD tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
1 Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager Gen. Pass. Agent.
I Santa Feßpute
f&y'illr^**
IP^y** SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO. :
-* THB MOST COMFORTABLE WaY
I ACROSS THE CONTINENT. t
f EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
I MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP-
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 630 P M.
I DINING ROOMS AND DINING
CARS ARE-MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY, AND ARE PERFECT IX
I EVERY DETAIL.
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am |10 : to am Stockton t3.40 pm 6:00 pzn
9:10 am | 2:06 pm K«rced TU:10 pm 4:11 pm
10:40 am I S:U pm IYi— a t9:ooam 2:U pa»
11:18 am ] 7:45 pm Hanford T7:00 am 1:45 pm
t:SS pm 112:30 am Bakerafleld 51:00 am 11:00 ant
11:69 am 16:26 pm Visaiia 55:20 am 1:23 pm
I 12:15 pm t6:SJ pm Tular* {4:25 am 1:08 pm
| 'Daily. tExcept Sunday. {Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 623 Market at.)
Tel. Main 16IL
! Oakland Office 1116 Broadway. l 1 |
Gacrameoto Office, 101 J rt. - ~^*Jl
San Jo— Of flee. ? West Santa Clara at.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Saasallto Ferry.
' Commencing ' October 1, 1889.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN • RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— *7:OO. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.; *l:4i
«I:40, 6:IS, 6:00, 6:80 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays,
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— •8:00, *10:00. m:3O a. m.; 1:15,
SAB, •4:45, 8:30. 9:00 p. m. ' "
1 Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
! FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:2S. *6:35. 1:45. •S:4o.a. m.;
•12:30. 2:15. »3:40. "5:15 p. m.
, EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
• Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
DAYS— 6:2O. '8:00. *10:00. 11:45 a. m.;
•1:40 *3:15. 4:45, *S:2O p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
i FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— S:4S. 6:45. 7:55. 9:45 a. ± m.;
; 12:15. 2:35, 5:45, 5:20 p. m.
' EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday! and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:05, 10:05 a. m.; 12:05. 2:16, »:Ja,
i:tO, 4:45 p. m
-THROUGH TRAINS.
1:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way station*.
1:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and 'ay stations.
I I;W> a.m. Sunday ■— Tomalet and way •tattoo*
1112
HORACE DAVIS LEADS IN THE
RACE FOR MAYOR.
Cleveland Talks
to Old Time
Democrats.
THE municipal campaign is In full
swing. The Populists and Free Sil
ver Democrats who follow the
standard of William Jennings
Bryan rallied at Metropolitan Tem
ple last night and listened to their
local leader, Dr. C. D. Cleveland, the Peo
ple's party nominee for Mayor. Dr. Cleve
land expounded the principles of Democ
racy as taught by Thomas Jefferson. He
pointed out the false pretenses of the Phe
lan-McNab Democrats in claiming that
the new charter was an Issue in the cam
paign. He made it clear to his audience
that the charter wan adopted by the peo
ple, ratified by the Legislature and de
clared valid by the Supreme Court; that
It was the local constitution of San Fran
cisco and could only be changed by the su
preme intelligence of the people,
Horace Davis, the Republican leader in
the local contest. Is conducting a gallant
campaign and everywhere receiving the
applause of the people. Republicans who
voted for Phelaji last November are daily
falling into line under the banner of Ho
race Davis. Republican districts which
gave but a slender majority for Mr. Pat
ion last year will roll up tremendous ma
jorities for Horace Davis on November 7.
Great activity prevails at the headquar
ters of the Republican County Committee
«and at the rooms of the Horace' Davis
Central Club. Reports received from the
eighteen Assembly districts are highly en
couraging. The downtown merchants are
ml little slow m responding to the demands
of party duty. Business la so brisk under
the Republican administration of national
jaffairs that many of the merchants can-
Tiot spare time to consider the impor
tance of local affairs. Should the party
■which Phelan trains with get the reins
of power in this county the merchants
would not have business enough. at their
etores to divert their attention from poli
tics.
Horace Davis and his associates on the
Republican ticket will receive another
popular ovation at Metropolitan Temple
to-morrow night. It is known that United
States Senator George C. Perkins and
Irving M. Scott will address the audience,
and the County Committee may be able
to announce before to-morrow that ex-
S^nator Charles N. Felton will speak to
the people.
Last evening at headquarters of the
Horace Davis Central Club, 723 Market
street, a general meeting of the Republi
can .County Committee was held. An in
terchange of views on the progress of the
campaign was a feature of the assembly.
Reports of Increased activity all along the
line were presented. It was resolved to
furnish the Election 1 Commissioner with
the names of capable men to till the quota
of Republican officers of election.
The subject of Tilling the vacancy in the
Interstate Commerce Commission was
considered. Dr." Dalzell introduced the
following resolution, which was adopted:
Whereas, There now exists a vacancy In the
Interstate Commerce Commission, which va
cancy f? to be filled by appointment by the
President: and whereas, the present Republican
County Committee of the city and county of
San Francisco was created by a convention,
the delegates to which were elected under cir
cumstances, hitherto unprecedented, the Bald
election being held under the recently enacted
State primary law: and whereas, every vote
was cast - ■: 1 counted under general super
vision, thus ridding the election of the per
nicious influence of the boss element and there
by making this County Committee truly repre
sentative of the Republican party of this city;
and whereas, there has never been any appointee
from thin great Pacific Coast upon the above
mentioned Interstate Commerce Commission,
therefore, be it •
lived. That this County Committee, speak
ing for the Republican party of the city and
county of San Francisco, and feeling that the
Pacific Coast is Justly entitled to a representa
tive upon paid Interstate Commerce Commis
sion, do hereby respectfully and most earnestly
urirp the President to fill the vacancy referred
to by the appointment of a representative from
the Pacific Coast; and be It further
Resolved, Thai a copy of these resolutions
be at trice forwarded to the President for his
The people of the Thirty-ninth Assem
bly District will meet at Saratoga TIaH
this evening and listen to Horace Davis
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HUMOR IEBMS
EXPELLED BY
Cufscura Resolvent
Greatest of Blood Purifiers
and Humor Cores.
That is to Bay, it purifies the blood and circu-
lating fluids of HiJionQEF.Mp.and thus removes
the caune, ■while warm baths ■with Cuticura
Boat, and gentle anointings with Ccticura (oint-
ment), greatest of emollient skin cures, cleanse
the skin and scalp of crusts and scales, allay
■ Itching, burning, and inflammation, and soothe
and heal. Thus aro speedily, permanently, and
economically cured the most torturing, disfigur-
ing, and humiliating humors of the skin, scalp,
and blood, with loss of hair, when the best phy.
eiciauß and all other romedies fall.
TETTER ON HANDS- CURED
I had been troubled with tetter for several
years. At times my hands would be sore all over,
bo that I could not u»e them at all, and were so
tender that clear water, even, smarted like fire,
and it spread over arms, neck, and face. I had
been treated by physicians, but without benefit,
when I began the Cuticuea remedies. I found
relief before I had taken thefirtt bottle. I used
three or four bottles of Ccticura Resolvrnt,
one cake of Cuticura Soap, and one box of
CuncciiA (ointment), and it has never troubled
me since. ELLA CURZON,
March 10, 1898. Kpplngham, 111.
BLOOD POISON CURED ■
One of my children ran a rusty nail Into hi*
foot, which was mont painful." ilia blood got
out of order, and sorca broke out on his hands
and feet. I gave him one bottle of Outicura
Resolvent and used one cake of Cgticdra
JSoap, and the child recovered.
March 15. "US. iiiis.J, B. FUREN.Markham,
EVERLASTING ITCHING
I have been troubled with an everlasting itching
and burning of the skin on my face, I was pre-
vailed upon to try Cuticuba remedies. The re-
sult was simply wonderful. In one .after
using theCUTiccnA Soap and Cuticura Resol-
vent /teas entirely rid of it, and my skin is in a
healthy condition. D. H. VAN GLAHN,
121 Stockton St.. Ban Francisco, Cal.
Sold throughout the world. Pottes D.ahd C.Cobp.,
Bole l'rops., Uoiton. How to Cure l.tttj Humor, free.
SAVE YOUR SKIN "**&&S£BU? a *
Land Scrip
And *
Land Warrants
Of All Kinds
Fop the Location of
Government
And
State Lands
Both Surveyed
And Unsurveyed.
F. A, HYDE,
4IS Montgomery St., San Francisco
Colonel T. V. Eddy and other able Repub
lican speakers.
In the Thirty-third Assembly District
there will be a great rally at Masonic
Hall, corner of Fourteenth and Railroad
avenues, South San Francisco. The peo
ple in that quarter of the city desire to
hear Hon. Frank McGowan, hence at the
request of the County Committee he prom
ises to addrtss the audience to-night. The
mere announcement that he will spe£k
will convene a large audience in the
Thirty-third District. Horace Davis, A.
P. Van Duzer and others will address the
voters.
A meeting will be held to-night at Teu
tonia Hall, Howard street, between Ninth
and Tenth, under the auspices of
that excellent and progressive organiza
tion, the American Scandinavian Republi
can i'lub. Brilliant speakers will address
the throng.
Another Republican club meeting will
take place to-night at 638 Folsom street.
Gifted speakers will address the audi
ence.
The readiness with which the working,
men of the city are rallying to the sup
port of Horace Davis Is gratifying to the
County Committee. The splendid service
which Horace Davis has performed in be
half of the working men of San Fran
cisco will ever be remembered by the hon
est sons of toil. He. made one of the man
liest fights ever waged in the Congress of
the United States to protect the working
men from Asiatic competition in the Reids
of labor. It is quite natural, therefore,
that the loyal and honest workingmen 01
San Francisco should rally to hits support
in this campaign. The interests of labor
In San Francisco will be safe with Horace
Davis in the Mayor's chair. He will
economize by dismissing a gang of tax
eaters and will not be found naggling
over little bills and advocating that
tho wages of lamplightere should be re
duced. Horace Davis cannot afford to
pass around $500-checks just before elec
tion, but he can afford to give the work
ingmen Justice.
Horace Davis Is the same man north
of Market street that he is the south of
the great thoroughfare. He is a Repub
lican both day and night on either side
of the street. Demagogues who fancy
that workingmen are dullards go Into one
district and talk free silver to catch the
Bryan vote and then whisk about to an
other district and talk of the advantages
of sound money to a commercial com
munity. Horace Daviß is not that kind
of a man. He advocates sound money for
everybody.
Horace Davis Is known far and wide,
and the present municipal contest in San
Francisco Is talked of in the leading
newspapers of the United States. This
paragraph is taken from the Boston Tran
script of October 9, 1899:
"The Republican candidate for Mayor
of San Francisco is Horace Davis, son of
the late 'Honest John,' once Governor of
Massachusetts. If he is as good a man
as his father was, San Francisco is for
tunate in her opportunity."
San Francisco Is fortunate in her op
portunity to support Horace Davis for
Mayor. He is a clean, sincere man of
character, and he is young enough to
make a* vigorous a campaign as his rich
opponent wants to run up against. Some
Bneers have been thrown at Horace Davis
by the Phelanltes because he teaches a
Bible 'iass on Sundays. Doubtless the
purpose of the fling was to excite a saloon
prejudice against Mr. Davis, but that
purpose happily will not be served. Hap
pily thousands of men who keep saloons
and frequent saloons respect the Bible
and the Sunday-school and hold that it Is
right and proper that their children
should not be lacking in that respect.
HORACE DAVIS CLUB.
The Horace Davis riub of the Forty
third Assembly District had a rally last
evening. Horace Davis addressed the
club and advised hard and systematic
work. "We are going to win out," he
paid, "and we are going to succeed only
by hard work." He also spoke at length
on the issues of the campaign. San Fran
cisco had prcfitt-d largely by the prosper
ity brought to the entire country by the
wise prudent and conservative policy and
administration of President McKlnley. He
did not believe that San Francisco would
announce to the world on the 7th of No
vember that it was either ungrateful or
lacked the sense to see whence It
had received its prosperity. San Fran
cisco was entering into a new era of mu
nicipal government. Republicans wished
the administration to be businesslike and
sensible, and the voters could safelj
elude that the men who have managed
their own business affairs with common
and success would carry the same
methods into the public business. Mr.
Davis was ' frequently Interrupted with
applause in a long and -businesslike talk.
Dawsoti Mayer presided. L. Q. Carpen
ter, Charles A. Low, ex-Judge Joachim-
B. Foster, Colonel Eddy, William A.
Deane, Major Boxton, Louis Fusier,
Charles Jackson, Dr. T. H. Morris?,
George T. Shaw, Charles J. King and
th< r candidates on the Republican ticket
sDoke.
THIRTY-SIXTH DISTRICT.
The Republicans of the Thirty-sixth As
sembly District held a meeting last night
at the junction of Twenty-eighth and
Church streets, at which there was a large
and enthusiastic gathering- of voters. The
meeting was Republican in every sense
of the word, as the nominees received
a most flattering encore to their short
addresses. President Frank French of
the regular club presided at the meeting.
Hon. Horace Davis was tne first Bpeaker
of the evening, and the manner in which
he was received showed on its face that
he will get a handsome majority of the
votes of Eureka Valley. He spoke <>n th"
necessity of improvements for the Mis
sion district, including the necessity for
a leading sewer from Ocean View which
would tap the southwestern section. A
full and united support of all the parts
of the new charter would be faithfully
carried out by him when he becomes
Mayor of this gr'-:it and growing city.
He briefly reviewed the wants of the city
and pledged himself to administer • the
business of the municipality with as much
care as he would that of his own indi
vidual interests. 'lit: received a rousing
cheer on the conclusion of his remarks.
The mating was addressed by Dr. K. N.
Torello, N. Blbo, W. Watson. 8. Foster,*
Thomas L. Henderson. Dr. Charles Box
ton and W. C. Johnson, all Supervisorial
nominees. Following these came A. P.
Black, nominee for District Attorney;
James L. Nagle, nominee for Police
Judge; Dr. A. D. McLean, nominee for
Coroner; W. Z. Tlffney, nominee for Re
corder; John Farnham, nominee for Pub
lic Administrator; A. P. Van Duser, E.
Myron Wolf and Major C. W. Kyle.
NEW REPUBLICAN
CLUB ORGANIZED
The hall at ism Polk street was crowded
with enthusiastic Republicans last night.
The object of the meeting was to organ
ize a Forty-first Assembly District Repub
lican Club. The meeting was called to
order by Nathan Frank, who acted as
chairman during the early part of the
evening, but being called away on busi
ness Sydney Ehrman was unanimously
elected his successor. The members dem
onstrated great enthusiasm, and several
of them volunteered to make a personal
house-to-house canvass throughout the
district, which offer was accepted. An
exectitive committee was formed and' a
general meeting and grand rally has been
called for next Thursday evening.
SWEDISH-AMERICAN CLUB.
An informal reception was tendered to
a few of the Republican nominees at a
social banquet In Pythian Hall last night
fay the Swedish-American Society. The
affair wae under the auspiceß of the board
of directors, who are: D. Molander, J. P.
S. Johnson, O. Dalin, Alexander Olssan,
G. Peterson, August Peterson, C. F. John
son. Andrew Olson, C. E. Carlson, O.
Pearson and August SJoqrcu. Hon. Hor
ace Davis and E. N. Torello were
especially lnvitpd by the members and
royally entertained. There were no
spt-eches as this patriotic portion of the
affair will be taken care of at a regular
gathering of the society on November 1
at Pythian Cattle, when a full expression
of the club's hoarty indorsement will be
given to the Republican nominees
STANDS ABOVE PAH.
Dr. E. N. Torello, the Republican nomi
nee for Supervisor, stands above par with
progressive property owners out in the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., FRIDAY, OCTOBER 27, 1899.
I southwest portion of the Mission. During
' the many years in which Dr. Torello has
been a resident property owner in this
portion of the Mission he has been among
the progressive element for the general
i improvement of the outside sections of
I the city. In these outside places the ma-
I jority of the hard-working and indus-
I trious men with families dwell. Fre
quently they are the last to be considered
when funds for improvements are being
distributed by the politicians at the City
Hull. It is to help these men and their
I families to at least good streets, lights.
I water and other conveniences thtot
i prompts Dr. Torello to devote so much
I of his time attending Improvement clubs
j and public meetings.
DAVIS ON THE CHARTER.
A rousing rally was held last night by
the Republican Club of the Twenty-ninth
Assembly District at its headquarters at
140 Fourth street. The chief speaker of
the evening was, of course, Horace Da
vis, and it was with difficulty that he
spoke at all, so loud and long was 'the
cheering that greeted him upon his en
trance. Mr. Davis' speech was not one of
length, but in what there was of it he set
every true issue of the present campaign
squarely before his hearers and nailed the
Democratic fallacies that have been hand
ed round so high that no voter in the dis
trict will fail to see them from now until
election day.
Mr. Phelan's pretensions to being father
and mother to the charter and sire o£
about every other civic reform ever set
on foot In the city he disposed of easily
and to the entire satisfaction of every
man in the hall. "Mr. Phelan as Mayor
was ex-offlcio a member of the charter
convention," said Mr. Davis. "I was a
member from the beginning and worked
as hard as did Mr. Phelan in framing that
instrument. After we had it framed 1
spoke in its favor and I worked for it .is
hard as I could when It came up before a
Republican Legislature for ratification. It
was framed by Republicans, voted for by
Republicans and made a law by Repub
licans, and yet our Democratic friends
tell us it Is a Democratic instrument and
Mr. Phelan's pot measure at that. "
Colonel Eddy followed Mr. Davis with
one of his customary telling speeches,
SILVER DEMOCRATS
DENOUNCED PHELAN
MEX who stood with Jnmep BJ
Maguire when he went ilnwnH
to defeat mot last . r.ifrht^B
at Metropolitan Temple andH
denounced James I). PhelanH
and his followers as renegades to theßJ
Democracy of Jefferson and i;r\-.-in.BJ
Tiny denied that he could at one umll
the same time he a Silver Di-mocratM
couth of Market ami a follower of Ou-H
pnkleri calf north of the slut. He w.-isH
accused of Insincerity and inoonsist-H
ency. and loud cheers were" pi yon wh<-n^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^|
the speaker called upon Silver Democrats to ecratch him and his crew at
the polls. . . ■ ; N.iV. '
J. M. Caster was chairman of the meeting, which, as expected, was
not crowded. There were, however, more than 600 voters in the house when he
called it to order, and the rapt attention for the greater part of the meet-
Ing paid to the utterances of the speakers spoke well. for the earnestness of
the audience.
George D. Gillespie, a Silver Democrat, wae the first speaker. He called
attention to the fact that the convention that nominated Phelan and Dodge
had refused absolutely to adopt the Chicago platform, which, while it was
good enough tor Bnyan find Maguire and all Silver Democrats, was not good
enough for Phelan. That repudiation, he said, was the reason for the desire
of the Democratic nominee* for cryintr out against the raising of national is
feues in this campaign— they did not want attention directed to their apostasy
from the political creed of William Jennings Bryan and the great mass of
Democratic voters.
Dr. c. D. Cleveland, nominee for Mayor of the People's and Silver
Democratic parties; was the next spenker. TTe compared his record as a
Democrat with that of Phelan, proclaiming that he was a Jeffersonian long
before tin- present Mayor made his debut into this vale of tears. He called
attention of the voters to the Phelanite repudiation of Democratic free sil
ver and denied that the new charter was the work of the Mayor.
"There is no issue whatever about the charter, " said Dr. Cleveland. "It
was the work of the people, not the work of Phelan. It was the work of
the people, and the people alone can change it."
John Aubrey Jones talked along the same lines and called the attention of
the big D's— the Phelanites— that in repudiating the Chicago platform they
had arrayed against them the little D's— the Silver Democrats— who would
pile* up votes against them on election day.
Joseph H. Scott, Republican nominee for Tax Collector, and Nathan Bibo.
Republican candidate for Supervisor, both indorsed by the People's party]
made short' addresses, and the meeting closed.
and he in turn was followed by C. H.
Jackson, nomlnco for City and County
Attorney. Andrew Branch, secretary of
the County Committee, made one of the
most eloquent speeches of tho evening,
dealing well with not only the national
but the municipal issues which figure in
the fight. It was the opinion of his hear
ers that Mr. Branch .should he given
moro time on the stump ;md l^ss a»t hla
desk at committee headqunrters. Judge
Joachimsen and I/ewls A. Gibbons also
spoke and were well received.
A BLACK CLUB.
The Republicans of the lowor md of thft
Thirty-first Assembly District met last
night at Collins Hall, Dore and Bryant
streets, and organized an Alfred P. Black
Club for the purpose of furthering Mr.
Black's candidacy for the office of Dis
trict Attorney. The following officers
were duly elected: President, James J.
Graham: first vice president, Con Daly;
treasurer. Joseph Kennedy; secretary,
Michael Mullln; sergeant at arms, John
Rtilly. About eighty of the voters of the
district signed the club roll and pledged
themselves 'to support and vote for Mr.
Black for District Attorney. Attorney
John W. Koch addressed the club on the
benefits of the new charter and eulogized
Mr. Black for his services as Assistant
District Attorney for the past eight years
in tho Superior Court. The club then ad
journed with three cheers for Mr. Black.
The next regular meeting will be on the
30th of this month at Collins Hall.
SIXTH STREET AND
THE ELECTION
Editor Call: At the Democratic meeting
held on Tuesday night In the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club on Sixth street I lis
tened patiently to the candidates for the
Board of Supervisors, and I must say
I was woefully disappointed. They told us
they had a platform, yet not one of them
declared a plank in it. The sum of their
Republicans Are
Preparing a
Big Rally.
song and dance was, give the Democrats
a free rein, to which, as a Democrat, I
demur.
Some of them told us they were born
in the district, some that they had lived
in the district, but not one of them spoke
of the condition of the district.
For over two months the merchants on
Sixth street, between Folsom and Har
rison, suffered annoyance, inconvenience
and loss of trade through the street being
torn up by the railroad company. It Is
now a month since they finished It. Since
then It has not once been swept, and
during the late rains was a perfect quag
mire. The raiht .stand two feet above the
old grade and several wagons have been
upset by them, one of them belonging to
the Western Meat Company.
I for one decline to vote for any can
didate for Supervisor until he puts himself
on record what he Intends to do about
it. either In the way of lowering the rails
or raising the rest of the street. I am,
sincerely yours, D. E. ANDERSON.
DEMOCRATS IN
THE THIRTY-FIRST
The Thirty-first District Democratic
Club, Thomas Hickey presiding, held a
meeting at Teutonia Hall last night and
the principles of municipal Democracy
were expounded and shouted to a large
crowd of spectators.
After a short address of -welcome, I
Chairman Hickey introduced Lewis F. |
Byington, who spoke about the ticket, I
the platform and the intentions of the I
party. Emil Poley followed, after whom
came Judge Mogan. Then, amid loud ac- I
claim and band music. Mayor Phelan (
an.se and for a half hour held the .stage.
Mayor Phelan promised much and asked
, for the support of all because he said the
Democratic party was deserving of it
After Mayor Phelan came Dr. Beverly
Cole, James Booth and A. B. Maguire, all
of whom Indulged in lengthy talks about
the unsullied virtues of Democracy.
FORTY-FIRST MEETING.
Democrats of the Forty-first District
mot last night on Polk street, near Sac
ramento, and for three hours listened to
the campaign speeches of candidates who
came and went with rhythmic regularity.
Dr. G. L. Mahoney presided. Bonfires and
music drew the crowd.
Patrick Boland was tho first speaker of
the evening, and he prayed for Demo
cratic success. Dr. Beverly Cole fol
lowed, utilizing the time to tell his own
merits, but dwelling particularly upon the
vlrtui-s of his party and the abilities of
all Democratic, candidates. Franklin K.
Lane, Emil Poley, James Booth. Charles
Wesley Reed, A. B. Maguire and others
spoke before the evening closed.
GERMAN DEMOCRATS.
Tho German Democratic Central Club
met last night at Norman's Hall. 411 Bu.«h
street. A committee consisting of Oscar
Hocks, Otto Guy, Captain Otto Luders
and John Haub was appointed to complete
arrangements for a German mass meet
ing, to be held at the club's headquar
ters, on P'riday evening, November 3.
INDORSED BY DEMOCRATS.
The Thirty-Sixth Assembly District
Club Supports Heyer and
Tiffany.
All is not harmonious In the district
clubs of thr> Democratic party, and flis
senslon is making itself strongly manifest
at the meetings as ©lection day ap
proaches. Since the People's party
Hales.
mil WTvl M^^^B
good underwear is a matter of good buying, we go to the '
manufacturer for ours.
we get the right quality because we deal direct with the party
responsible for the quality.
we get the right price because buying for seven stores gives us
all the advantage of quantity, and quantity settles the matter of price.
ladies' union suits
A/j?S ladies' fleece-
Wi%' lined Egyptian
Tj~jL • cott on cornbina-
Jt£sp?\ tion suits, but-
M''^&&'\\ toned - half way
wMk/^lsl down the front,
. pearl buttons, sa-
li f'™*)\ tin tape . in neck,
ft t i',,O . im pro v c d flat
few seams, sizes small,
I*<"7wm[ medium and
WWi/ large; would be
lulls considered low at
yjCjfj}, 40c; new price....
HBfjJ ..,.25c a suit
Wfjj' ladies' genuine
JiJ Oneita c o mblna-
tion suits, but-
jLJ toned across the
v shoul de r, hand-
somely finished, pearl buttons, silk
shell edge, elastic rib, gussets in
sleeves, wide lap, improved flat
seams; sizes, small, medium, large
and extra large.
ecru and natural heavy fleece
lined, 45c a suit; heavy weight, one-
half wool, $1 a suit; heavy weight,
two-thirds wool, $1.25 a suit.
waists and wrappers
5 dozen black and colored taffeta
silk waists, -finely corded fronts and
back with dress sleeve and flare cuffs;
lined all through; fitted waist lining;
a $6 waist for ...$5
24 golf capes just received, assorted
colors in plaids and' plain colors, with
hood and fringe trimmed; excellent
value. $4.50 each
10 ladies' flannelette wrappers, as-
sorted colors and patterns; wide full
skirt, ruffles over shoulders, braid
trimmed; lined waist with fitted
waist linings $1.25 each
935, 937. 939,941, 943, 945, 947
nominee for Mayor, Dr. Cleveland, has
declared himself the only simon-pure
Democratic nominee for the Mayoralty, a
Democrat with Jeffersonian principles not
only <>n municipal issues, but on the State
and national issues as well, many Hryan
Democrats have asserted themselves pjid
declared their allegiance to party
principles by promising support to the
People's party leader.
Dissatisfaction, with local nominations
■»howed itself last night at a mass-meet
ing of Democrats of the Thirty-sixth
kasembly District, held at Twenty-second
and Castro Btreeti. Resolutions were
passed .lenouncing the candidacy of Dr.
Washington Dodge for Assessor and
Edmund Godchaux for Recorder, and
pledging support to Albert Heyer for As
sessor and W. Z. Tiffany for Recorder.
The reasons given for the antipathy to
Dodge are that while energetic In his ef
fort" to collect polltax from the laboring
man he has been as equally active in
overlooking the collection of the fame
from his friends; that he has employed
in the Assessor's office non-voters and
Godchau* is charged with being a too
recent addition to the ranks of Democracy
to be supported for office while .he well
known old time Democrats are overlooked.
Hence the indorsement of their political
opponents. ,
A CYCLER'S RECKLESSNESS.
Through the Carelessness of a Rider
Joseph G. Mansfield Sustains
Painful Injuries.
Joseph G. Mansfield, city editor of The
Call, Is confined to his home as the re
sult of the reckless riding of some un
known wheelman. Mr. Mansfield was re
turning from a drive through the park
on Wednesday afternoon and had reached
the corner of Golden Gate avenue and
Fiflmore street without incident.
When crossing Fillmore street a bicycle
rider going at a high rate of speed,
dashed past his horse's head. The horse
fell to the ground as though struck by a
bolt of lightning. The seat of the sulky
is attached to the shafts, and their sudden
depression when the horse fell threw Mr.
Mansfield as though shot from a catapult.
He put out his hands instinctively to save
himself .and they bore the brunt of his
Impact with the ground. Some of the
small bones of his left wrist were frac
tured and his right wrist sorely bruised.
Hie hands did not save his face com
pletely, as he sustained also a severe cut
on the forehead.
Notwithstanding his grievous injuries
Mr Mansfield's presence of mind did not
desert him. He was on his feet before the
horse could get un. and held him until as
sistance came. He will be confined to his
homo for some days, but his hosts of
friends will be glad to know that no se
rious results are expected.
THE BURCH MURDER.
Preliminary Examination of Manuel
Mcßride Commenced Before
Judge Treadwell.
The preliminary examination of Manuel
Mcßride, cook on the ferry boat Sausa
llto, charged with the murder of Vincent
Burch, a waiter, October 18, was com
menced before Judge Treadwell yester
day.
Three witnesses testified— Dr. J. L. Za
bala, autopsy physician, as to the nature
of the wounds; F. J. Baker and Mis.
Alice Athron, whose testimony was the
same as given at the Coroner's Inquest.
Baker was the customer in the restau
rant who ordered a cup of black coffee
and had some words with Burch about
not putting milk In the coffee, and Mc-
Bride checked Burch for his Insolence.
When witness paid his bill he remarked
that the waiter must be drunk. He saw
the quarrel between Mcßride and Burch
and a woman go between them.
Mrp. Alice Athron testified that Burch
talked to Mcßride In a disagreeable man
ner and used profane words. Burch
threatened to put the cook on a hot stove,
and also threatened to throw him over
board. She thought Burch was drunk.
She checked him for speaking in such a
manner to the cook and went between
them, but Burch threw her aside. The
next thing she saw was Burch stagger
ing into the restaurant proper. She asked
him what was the matter, but he could
not reply, as he had received his death
wound.
The case will be on trial this morning.
THREATENED TO KILL.
The preliminary examination of James
Little, the San Jose rancher, charged
with assault with a deadly weapon upon
Attorney W. H. Bowden of San Jose out
side Judge Daingerfleld's court October
15, was commenced before Judge Mogan
yesterday.
Bowden had appeared before Judge
Dalngorfleld as attorney for Little's wife
in a divorce suit, asking for a change of
venue to Sacramento County, which was
granted. As he left the courtroom Little,
it was alleged, struck Bowden on the
head with some instrument. Inflicting a
scalp wound.
G. W. Hamilton, an orchardist in San
Jose, testified yesterday that Little had
told him Bowden had done him up and he
would kill him.
F. A. Reed, a motorman who saw the
assault, testified that after Little struck
Bowden, knocking him down. Little said:
"This is only the beginning; I will kill
you yet."
This closed the case for the prosecu
tion and the defense was granted a con
tinuance till Monday.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure. One dose will utop
a cough. Never fails. Try It, 25c. All druggists.*
Hales.
children's underwear
100 dozen misses'
and boys' natural
j/r' £, gray . fleece - lined
* -fkr\ \ union suits; made
t£.£f?&~\A with drop back;
vas"»*«^ worth ■ 40c; new
\^^ J^ price * • ■ • 25c
>»i»fl^^S^. 200 dozen misses'
/lliiftrtlfiik and boys ' naturai
/MM't\ Ilk gray merino vests
/MMtIW B\ Pantalets and
MwMWi drawers; extra
\^llH!ciVW heavy soft qual-
. ■ Ity; all sizes for
II i IB ageß 2to 14 ears;
-111 i I new price ••
If \t\WW 25c each
II I 100 dozen misses' |
\P\: non - snrin k a bio !
Wi>. 11l white wool vests j
• V I i 11/ and pantalets, Jer- j
VI I if sey ribbed, nicely ,
JKI v] shaped and flnish-
g-^J[ I ed; contains 60 per
~^ j^ cent wool; sizes
■Jj . from 4to 12 years;
new price
50c each; $1 a suit
men's underwear
men's heavy cotton ribbed shirts i
and drawers, slightly fleeced, in ecru, i
blue and blue and white stripe: all
sizes 45c each
men's wool mixed shirts and draw-
ers, in. natural and camel's hair; a
good all around garment; all sizes..
: 75c each
* men's double-breasted and double-
back mixed undershirts, in natural
gray; all sizes $1 each
men's wool mixed-shirts and draw-
ers, in natural and camel's hair; also
a natural and brown. ribbed wool; all j
made and finished with overcast
seams; at .....$1 each
■ Market Street.
STANFORD ESTATE PAYS
ITS INHERITANCE TAX
BIG .CHECK TURNED OVER TO
THE TREASURER.
Payment of School Teachers' War
rants Begun and Salaries
Are Assured.
The trustees of the estate of Iceland
Stanford yesterday turned over to Treas
urer Truman a check for $57,054 78, the
amount due on the beauests of the late
Iceland Stanford under the inheritance
tax law. The original claim on the estate
was for $65,000, but the trustees of the
estate fought the law and payment was
postponed for years. The amount paid
yesterday includes not only the State's
claim but the interest upon It as well.
The big check was drawn on the Union
Trußt Company and will be cashed to
day.
The Stanford payment assures the cash-
Ing of the teachers' salary warrants, as
Treasurer Truman will Immediately make
an accounting to the State Controller,
who in turn will at once apportion the
funds on hand. Warrants will be payable
about November fi. Mr. Truman is pay
ing off the back salaries of the teachers
as fast as the tax collections come in.
We have just unpacked some new
ties — puffs, tecks and imperials — in a gay
assortment of colors and designs. Some
are noisy, others are plain, but every-
body taste is represented. They are
01/ C each,
We will have a large display of them in. the window — see
what neat, desirable patterns are among.them.
/CsEjjeoV — — 7^fsX
S.N.WOOD CO (®)
>$gm5J/ 718 MARK 5T \£to£/
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. .
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE, j
FOR THE CURE OF GONORRHOEA. J
Gleets Strictures and analogous com-
plat.ns of the Organs of Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For sale by druggists.
WriM's Indian VeietaWe Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED UY iHOUSANDS
of persons who have used them lor forty
yeara to cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, I
CONSTIPATION. Torpid Liver, Weak Slom- j
ach. Plmoles and Dur. J the blood. I
Hales.
ladies' vests and pants
ladies' jer s ey
«dw .4?3&v ribbed non-shrink-
ffSSa t »|%. able wool vests,
j4JgHEy,fly_jre heavy weight, 60
Agy9)%^ per cent wool,
handsom ely fin-
-2p&*V*>jB» ished, pearl but-
'%W'&ifX tons, silk shell
lit-'fiJSa/b edge, new : im-
jf^MJJl' proved s earns :
/Kf-t/^&W also pan ts to
•£€•'.? match with
HIM »Vw - French yoke
mMt^'nil bands; color silver
fgß.^ijwr gray; sizes 4, 5
ISWiy and 6; would be
\vsml considered good
« value at 75c; new
>: : g|r 50c each; $1 a suit
<Sr^ ,ladi c s' heavy
±\ natural gray knit-
w ted ye sts air-;
pants, half wool, "the flat old-fash-
ioned kind"; very soft and warm;
vests have silk-bound front an!
! neck, with pearl buttons; sizes 32 to
; 44; new price..:... 50c each;. $1 a suit
' ladies' natural fine Australian wool
vests and pants, extra heavy soft
quality; also line of medicated scar-
let vests and pants of the same qual-
ity; sizes 30 to 44; new price. ..$1 each
ladies' extra fine quality of natural
gray, Australian wool vests and
pants, the close knitted kind; steam
shrunk, handsomely finished with
! silk binding down front and around
neck, pearl buttons, improved flat
seams; all sizes. 30 to 44; regular
price $1.50 a garment; new price —
$1.25 each
ladies' sanitary Australian wool
jersey ribbed vests and pants, heavy
weight, very elastic, pearl buttons,
flat covered seams; pants have the
new style bands; can be regulated,
larger or smaller; wide laps and lib-
eral sizes; sizes to fit all — 4, 5 and 6;
would be considered low at $1; Male's
new price...........: .....89c each
935, 937, 939,:941, 948, 945, 947
Over 200 warrants were cashed yesterday
and as many more will be honored to-day.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been gTanted
Josephine Peterson from Carl E. Peterson
on the ground of extreme cruelty, Ida
Johnson from Harry Johnson on the
ground of desertion. Alice J. Cosgrove
from F. D. Cosgrove on the ground of
desertion. Ada Bastian asks for a divorce
from William Bastian on the gTound cf
desertion.' Suits for divorce on the ground
of failure to provide have been filed by
Kitty Fairo against Manuel Farro, Maud
E. Hazelrigg against Emmet Hazelrigg,
Margaret Sullivan against John Francis
Sullivan and May E. Robertson against
Shelby L. Robertson.
Chas. A. Low, candidate for Police Judge*
Capture of a Cigar ' Smuggler.
"W. Smith, a Greek sailor of the crew of
the United States transport Senator, was
caught yesterday by Special Customs
Watchman John Wilson while attempting
to smuggle ashore ten boxes of Manila
cigars. He was handed over to the Har
bor police and by them transferred to tha
United States Marshal's office.
Smith was formerly a member of the
crew of the steamer Curacao, plying be
tween this port and Mexico, and noted
as being a constant vehicle of smuggled
cigars. The Federal authorities will
prosecute him' vigorously.
THE CALIFORNIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
BDRSERT
WILL OPEN for the admission of studenU
MONDAY, Octobrr 23.
*or further particulars address
S. W. DENNIS. M.D.. D.D.S.. Dean.
416 Parrott bulldlm.
GILBERT M. BARRETT. A.M.. M.D.. Sec-
retary. 1121 Sutter st.
lA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY POriLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus bpreckels Bid*
Telephone rown 931.
Residence. 821 Calif ornl* at., below PowelL
Ban Francisco.