VOLUME EXXXVI-^O. 126.
FIRST STRUGGLE FOR THE AMERICA'S CUP
RESULTS IN A DRIFTING CONTEST.
Just Enough Wind to Demonstrate That the Columbia Is Well Qualified to
Prevent the Trophy's Capture by the Shamrock.
THE COLUMBIA.
The eleventh cup defender is owned by J. Pier
pont Morgan, the banker and commodore of the
New York Yacht Club; "William Butler Duncan and
C. Oliver I=e;ir., members of that club. The last
named ceritleman 's the manager of the Colum
bia for the contest and assisted by Captain Charles
Barr will sail her in the several races.
The Columbia was designed by Nathaniel G.
HerreshcS of the Herreshcff Manufacturing Com
pany. Bristol, R. 1., and built by that firm, and
Official measurements posted October 2, 1599:
Dimensions —
Length of water line Ss €6
From alter end of main boom to forward point of measurement... 181 . 62
From foresail of foremast to forward point of measurement . 73 S5
Extreme of spinnaker boom " 7S '? 5
Main gai? [.',[" 64.95
Topmast (friloO) less one-Qfth 51 gn
Height of upper side of main boom to topsail halyard block IS4 75
Square feet of sail area as per rule m g.
Sailing' length as per rule ......'............. lll.iz:,
Columbia's total spread of canvas 14,000 square feet.
AT
\i
1 1 -
:
-
-
|
' -
the I
■
-
The contest was an end-on race — fif
' teen miles to leeward and a beat back
' against light winds. The Columbia,
starling forty-three seconds after the
Shamrock, rounded the mark two min
utt-s and one soct.nd ahead. The Sham
rock gained on the beat back, passed
■ the defender, and held the lead to the
tnd, althongh the Columbia was sain
. ing when the signal gun announced
that the time limit had expired.
• Probably the largest flotilla of excur
. Eion boats and yachts on record fol
■ lowed the racers. It is estimated that
:' nearly two hundred and fifty vessels,
.carrying upward of 50.000 persc-ns, wit
• raessed the contest at close range. But
.there was no interference with the
■race. Captain Robley D. Evans, with
.• five revenue cutters and five torpedo
boats, policed the course admirably.
- Kis. work was high'.y praised both by
visiting and local sportsmen. He or
dered that Washington be notified of
•.three excursion steamships and one
yacht which were not disp»>sed to k«_-ep
. cut of the way. and will recommend
• that the license of their masters and
pilot be suspended.
• .'The betting on the cup races shifted
•to-nieht. Instead of odds of 10 to S on
the. Columbia even money ruled in
■ rrearly.all of the wagers that were laid.
"VVide" Interest was shown both ashore
and afloat in the reports of the race
Eent by Signer Marconi to the Herald
■ar.d The Call. The system of wireless
; telegraphy worked admirably, the news
. of the contest at every important point
' being , received in the Herald office
■within sixty seconds from the time it
■wa= flashed from the steamship Ponce,
otl which Signor Marconi conducted his
op-rations. About twenty-five hun
dre-1 words were sent from the Ponce,
and important stock quotations and
.the decision in the Venezuelan dispute
were received by those board the
■ Ponce as she followed the yachts along
the c;-jrs~. Srgror Marconi was cheered
frequently by the spectators.
- I Thnra
i
By the Marconi system of wireless
telegraphy and the Herald-Call dis
patch boat came a message saying:
;VSay farewell, ■---. ».o the
flagon of the Queen." Not yet. but for
a time near the ciose of to-day's ex
citing race .it looked that way. looked
all Shamrock— looked as though the
Irish racer must inevitably beat her
American rival across the "finish line.
But before either could reach it the
time limit cut in and the race was off.
And everybody drew a long breath and
said: "'Who'd have thought it?" By
flukes and calms nd "Upton luck" the
emerald yacht came very nearly scor
ing- a victory over the Columbia. And
such a theory-upsetting, prediction
smashing victory that would have been.
For this race was run in "Columbia"
weather, with light winds and smooth
eea-s. which her adherents have wished
for and in which it was prophesied she
would show her heele to the Shamrock
from start to finish.
The race was an end-on tilt to an
outer m/y*;' anchored fifteen miles to
leeward of the starting line, and a beat
l — against light winds and a lumpy
The San Francisco Call.
I sea. The Shamrock had been described
as sluggish when going dead before a
light breeze, while 'on the other hand
; that had I -••-:. reckoned as the Colum
j bia's best point of sailing.
But the race of to-day showed that
' the Shamrock, so far from being slug
f gish when running before a light wind,
' is an exceedingly nimble craft, and the
! best the Columbia could do with her
- during that long run down the wind
! was to round the mark two minutes
: one second ahead of her opponent.
In the opinion of ma: this failure
< to lead the Shamrock by a greater mar
gin was due more t«"> bad judgment and
I bad handling on the part of the Co
: lumbia than to any other cause. Thes?
I critics wondered why Mr. Iselin or Cap
-1 tain Barr. whichever 11 might have
: been, thought it necessary to sheer so
I far over to leeward when a fair slant
of wind could be seen coming from the
eastward.
Th- E
I ■
that
■
■ • - t this
r •
• iln Barr
' - ■ ■ g his lufl
-
■ tion and as a
rer the J
the advantaere t
la.
In the beat back up the coast the ;
Shamrock seemed to be either better
handled than the Columbia or to have
much better luck. The wind was fluky
and from -:-.- inner In which the Co- j
lumbia consistently fcrmd all the soft ;
patches, it was argued, aid with appar
ent truth, that bad luck did not enter :
so much into the case as did bad man
agement. For luck, as a rule, does not :
run so much in streaks as did that wind
of jto-day. Time after time the Colum
bia was at a standstill, with headway
lost and sails idly flapping, while at the
same time the Shamrock was slipping:
along with sails rap full and pulling
hard. Nor could bad luck be blamed
for keeping the sails of the Columbia"
so pinched, so starved on that beat
back to the starting line that all the
life was taken out of the craft. And
this, too, against a lump}- head sea
which required wind power to drive a
yacht through.
But despite all the 111 luck and all the '
handicaps that were imposed upon her,
the Columbia showed her quality to the
satisfaction of all concerned. Experts
who witnessed the race declared em
phatically that she can outpoint and*
outfoot the Shamrock.
They pointed out that every time that
a chance was given the American yacht
— every time that a bit was loosened as
It were— she footed faster and pointed
higher than her opponent. She cer
tainly did have bad luck with wind,
notably at the close of the contest,
when she ran into a zone of idle
zephyrs which for fully five minutes
went shivering down one sail and up
another. And during this good time
the Shamrock, catching a breeze from
the northwest, went driving along at. a
clipping gait, widening her lead t-o
much that it looked as though it would
be impossible for the American yacht
to overtake her unless she made pur
suit in tow.
Then came the thrill. The Colum
' bia's a Iherentfl were astonish.cd by the
■ luck c:* their favorite, while the ad
rs of the Irish ya - rela- ,
<-d. To the first it looked as
though the battle had been lost, and
I It looked to the other as though v:o
-ry vas to be gained. And while they
rig about it a partial wind
down the Columbia's way and
: z slightly to laggard breezes the
gathering headway al
• as quickly as an arrow starts
from Its bow, darted through the blue
Uent with cup resp r.^.biiity.
The Shamrock's wind ?:..: held fair
and had apparently as much etrecgthj
SAX FRANCISCO. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1899.
FINISH OF DRIFTING MATCH, SHAMROCK LEADING.
as that which was impelling the Co
lumbia, but despite all efforts of the
Irish yacht, despite her greater show
of canvas and great club topsail which
she was wearing, despite her weaker
gauge, despite everything, theHerres
hoff racer gained swiftly on the leader,
rapidly lessening the distance that
stretched between them. Thousands
looked at the performance incredulous
ly amazed. It seemed when the Colum
bia was becalmed that the Shamrock
had the race won, providing that sht
had time in which to finish it. That,
then, was the only doubt. But all that
was changed as soon as the Columbia
was favored with the same sort of wind
that the Shamrock held.
The Columbia's people took no more
chances at pinching their craft. In
stead they kept the sails a good rap
full and as a result the Columbia
footed so fast that it appeared that she
1 would either overtake the leader or
make a very close finish of it. The
thousands who witnessed this splendid
performance of the American yacht
held their breath as they saw the cup
defender overcoming the Shamrock's
lead, and many there were who, having
given ur> the race as lost, then be
lieved that the Columbia would still
beat her rival if time allowed. But it
did not. A full two miles away from
the finish line a gun boomed from the
yacht Corsair announcing to the racers
and to all concerned that the limit of
five and a half hours had expired and
that the race wan R
Though unsatistactory a? ■■ '•- n
the race was eminently Batls
ier dii ■ -
- ting by the ea
ptain 1 ■ :•
cc navy, better known as "F - -
ing Bob." and the revenue service of
the Treasury Dc-partment tailing good
care of that. The course at all times
■wp.c clear as far as a sail might fare.
■ '■ - ar.d excursion fleet
the torpedo boats and revenue cu
fire-; . Ine across vrhlch no craf;
• - • • The three or four which
on the backward run did get into a
c up to windward of the yachts
THE CALL STILL AHEAD WITH WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
Was the First Paper in the World to Use the New System
for Gathering News.
TWO MINUTES — That is all that elapsed between the happenings of events In yesterday's big yacht race
and the time people were reading about them on The Call's bulletin boards, three thousand miles away from
where Marconi was ticking off the messages by wireless telegraphy. Over one hundred and fifty of these spe
cial bulletins were sent, each one of them describing some big change in the yacht race, and not one of them
had to be repeated because of inaccurracy.
SUCH A FEAT WAS NEVER BEFORE ACCOMPLISHED IN SENDING MESSAGES. SCIENTISTS
AND EXPERT TELEGRAPHERS ARE DISCUSSING IT AS THE BIGGEST WONDER SINCE MORSE
STARTED HIS SYSTEM.
This whole wonderful feat Us the outcome of The Call's original experiments in that line, with a view to
heralding before all others the approach of the California Volunteers from Manila. So successful were these
experiments that the New York Herald proposed to The Call to utilize them in reporting the big international
yacht race. Mr. "Marconi, the Inventor of wireless telegraphy, was accordingly Invited to America by The Call-
Herald to supervise the handling of the wireless telegraph reports of the race. The experiment was regarded
of such high scientific value by our Government that it detailed naval officers to accompany The Call-Herald spe
cial boat and report on the work with a view to adopting the system into the navy.
The immense success of the dispatches yesterday under. all the adverse conditions and the excitement of
an international yacht race has shown conclusively that wireless telegraphy is going to revolutionize the old
system of sending telegraph dispatches.
Mr. Marconi, from the steamer Ponce, sent his wireless messages to the Highlands. Some of these trav
eled fifteen miles through the air and consumed one minute of time to prepare them for transmission. Another
minute was consumed in sending the messages from the Highlands across the continent 3000 miles to The Call
business office i : v - £j
Those who read these bulletins may not know it, but they were witnesses of one of the greatest feats ever
done in telegraphy, and a feat that marks a new epoch in the history of sending dispatches.
THE CALL WAS THE FIRST PAPER IN THE WORLD TO USE THE WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY TO
REPORT THE NEWS. :-■
were -■■••■■ chased away by a tor-'
pedo boat, and to prove that he is not
in the habit of issuing orders to no ef- •
feet, if any such proof were needed. '
Captain Evans has already asked that ;
the license of offending capuajris be.
suspended.
The arrangement made by Captain j
Evans for the shielding of the yachts
from interference seemed to be as per- j
feet as any that could be conceived. All j
boats were kept clear of the starting
line and when the two yachts. jockey
ing for position, broke out their spin
nakers to the starting signal and swept
across the line with booms aswing. the j
course before them lay clear to the sea
line. Back of it the excursion fleet was.
scattered over a vast area and appar
ently in inextricabie confusion. Here
and there the long lean hulls of the
torpedo flotilla were seen, and near by
were the yellow painted cutters of th*
revenue marine service. To the layman
It all seemed a mighty maze, and one
without a plan. But hardly had the :
yachts crossed the line before the great
fleet took definite shape. Torpedo boats
under Lieutenant Commander John C.
Fremont on his flagship, the Porter, the
boat he commanded during the war
with Spain, led the line to the west
ward, keeping all the excursion craft
on the starboard hand.
Led by the flagship the revenue cut- ''
ters took the other side of the line and
kept all seaward craft from approach- j
ing the contesting yachts. The racers, !
therefore, had a clear course before
them and an unobstructed wind be
hind, and with two fleets of excursion
craft on either side, but not near i
enough to in any way interfere with
either. On the beat back the same pre- !
caution was taken to see that neither
of the yachts was in any way ob
structed. But despite the distance from j
which they were kept from the course
none of the excursionists can complain
of not having had a fair sight of the I
contest. Stretched out in long lines
their view was as unobstructed as was :
the course of the racing yachts.
The weather was as fine as any ex- j
cursionist could ask, and those who
did not go afloat to-day missed a spirit
ed yachting picture under clouds which
looked as though they had been painted
for the day and purpose.
Flags snapped gaily to the lash of the
morning, wind ami everywhere was
brightness, light and animation. That
v.-as in the early forenoon, when the
wind held out a promise of being a fair j
Shamrock day, a day of "wet sheets I
and flowing seas," instead of light and
fiuky airs with which it closed.
The excursion fleet was a motley
group. Through the whole gamut of
marine construction it ran, from the j
stately ocean-going steamship and its j
exclusive patrons to the sloppy little j
tug with its catch-as-catch-can patron
age of whatever came its way. Scores J
of craft unfamiliar to these waters,]
alien vessels brought here for Dewey j
parade purposes and remaining over for J
whatever harvest might be reaped from j
the yacht races, were in line, as was
the local fleet, an intact and jealous i
squadron, whose owners and charter- |
ers looked askance at strange keels and j
held mightily that there were some j
yacht race rights and privileges which
outsiders ought to respect.
As to the crowds the vessels carried,
it is to be hoped that no one's feelings
will be hurt when it is said that the
spectators were themselves a spectacle.
They were there because of the yachts,
but had these racing machines been j
swallowed up by the sea or melted into j
vapor the excursion crowd would still
have been a sight well worth a second
look and well worth taking excursion
chances to see. - There was nothing j
little about it. nothing at least so far \
as numbers went. The yachting en
thusiast, with his uncles and his cous- j
ins and his aunts, was there and deeply
interested they all were in the outcome j
of that struggle for the cup.
And many other enthusiasts — those j
who cannot distinguish a fin keel from j
a spinnaker boom — were there besides, j
these mainly distinguishable by that ;
riot-provoking style of headgear which
those who follow yachting by reading
about it so much affect. All were ex
uberant, and if any missed enjoyment
THE SHAMROCK.
The eleventh cup challenger Is owned and man
aged by Sir Thomas Lipton of London and member
of the Royal Ulster Yacht Club of Belfast, Ire
land. The task of handling: her in the several races
is under the direction of Captain Archie Hogarth,
the famous English yaehtmaster, assisted by Cap
tain Robert Wringe, with Captain Ben Parker of
Emperor William's yacht Meteor as adviser.
The Shamrock was designed by William Fife Jr.
of Fairlie-on-the-Clyde and built by the celebrated
Thorr.eycrofts at ChiswiclC England. Launched
June 27; sailed for New York August 4, arriving
there August 19 last.
Official measurements posted October 2, 1599:
Dimensions —
Length of water line 57.69
From after end of main boom to forward point of measurement... 189.13
From foresail of foremast to forward point of measurement 73. 46
Extreme of spinnaker boom T5.45
Main gaff , 67.64
Topmast (58.04 less one-fifth 46.45
Height of upper side of main boom to topsail halyard block 126. 2S
Square feet of sail area as per rule 116.15
Sailing length as per rule „ 101.92
Total spread of canvas of Shamrock, something over 14,000 square
It was through no fault of the weather
and through no shortcoming in the
event itself, which, taken merely as a
yacht race, was. despite its Inconclusive
end, as full of thrilling interest as any
ever sailed in these waters.
TECHNICAL
STORY OF THE
FIRST CONTEST
NT.W YORK, Oct. 3.— The Shamrock.
;. the tug Lawrence, was the
f the yachts to leave Sandy j
She arrived at the whistling buoy
off th< y'; t'hannei at
h:45. The crew began at once to hoist
: ainsail. They put two battens in
the leach as it went up and at 10 o'clock
the ; n the starboard
tack under Jib and mainsail.
On board the Shamrock beside her
captains. Hogarth and Wringe, were
Vice re Sherman Crawford
and Hugh McGill Downey of the Royal
r Yacht Club; Sailmaker R.
Navigator Hf.. .r.d Henry F.
Lippett. the last named representing
New York Yacht Club.
The Columbia, meanwhile, under jib
and main.- th< ; rt tack, came
t f or the lightship at a ten
e passed se under thi
stern of the Shamrock at 10 o'clock and
stood on t' - ■ ard.
On board the Columbia, besides C.
Oliver Iselin an -An. were Cap
tain Herreshoff, William Butler Dun
can Jr.. Captain Woodbury Kane, Her
bert Leeds. Newbury Thome* and Hugh
Kelly, secretary of the Royal Ulster
Yacht Club, representing that club on
board the Columbia.
The wind at this time was northeast
by north, blowing about twelve n
an hour. B"th yachts set their club
tops s it 10:30, the Columbia's men
. :ng their saiis smarter than the
At 10:45 the committee boat. Waiter
Luck- - d charge of S. Nict
Kane, came to anchor a cable length
east of Sandy Hook lightship and im
mediately hoisted the compass signal,
signifying that the course would be
south southwest. Ten minutes later
the Shamrock's crew rigged their spin
naker boom out to port, all ready to
set that sail.
Promptly at 11 o'clock the prepara
tory signal — a blue peter — was set on
board the committee boat, and two red
balls hoisted on the triatic stay. At the
same time a tug started to lead off the
course of fifteen miles to leeward. Dur
ing the interval of fifteen minutes be
tween the preparatory and the 'start-
Ing signals tfie skip] era : I . '.. yachts
maneuvered to the northward of the
starting line. Both stuck close to the
= hip, and five minutes before the
starting signal the balloon jib topsail
was set up in steps on the Coloxn
stay. Th-? Shamrock sent up a N
topsail about the same time.
At one minute before the start the
--: was approaching the line
from the eastward and the Colombia
from the westward. When thirty sec
onds were left the Shamrock, which had
been coming for the line with boom to
port, gybed to starl . ; ..-• as the Co
lumbia, with boom to port, rounded the
west end of the line and began easing.
Captain Hogarth, however, had his boat
several lengths in the lead, and just as
the signal was given he gybed the
Shamrock again, crossing the line thir
ty-seven seconds after the signal.
The official I the start was:
Shamrock. 11:15:37; Columbia, 11::
The Shamrock had the better of the
start by forty-three seconds. As the
Columbia crossed the iine she broke out
her Xo. 2 jib topsail. At 11:17 the Co
port and she began at once to overhaul
the Shamrock- For some reason Cap
tain Hogarth did not see fit to set ihe
Shamrock's spinnaker until four min
utes after the Columbia had set hers,
but as soon as it was eet the emerald
hued boat began to hold her own with
the Columbia, the yachts being then
not more than three lengths apart. At
ll:oa ihe Colu - w sprit vvas just
overlapping the Shamrock's starboard
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
bow, the latter having the offshore
berth, but she was unable to hold that
tion lone. In eight minutes the
Shamrock, which ?
out fully five
lengths ahead of the Columbia and
' gaining minute.
Both yachts were head::. _
to the westwar I • :r?es. and
at 12 o'cl -■ imrock. which had
- quite an
eighth of a mile ahead of the' Bristol
■
At 12:15 the wind shifted to the
northwest. The Columbia, being in
( shore, caught it first. The crew took
lin the spinnaker shortly. Captain
i Barr gybed her to port, trimmed down
: staysail and balloon jib topsail sheets,
| and in just five minutes the Columbia
I had walked past the Shamrock and was
; the leading boat. Captain Hogarth
; gybed the Shamrock, after taking in
the spinnaker, at 12:16. Th- set her
: spinnaker to starboard at 12:30, but
only for five minutes. Captain Ho
\ garth, finding he was losing time, took
the sail in smartly and luffed the green
sloop across the Columbia's wake,
•: taking a position on the starboard
quarter.
The outer mark was obscured by a
haze, bo that it was hot visible from
the. yachts until 1 p. m. That did not
matter much to either Captain Ho
garth or Captain Barr?" for they were
indulging in a luffing ami close in on
the Jersey beach for more than half an
hour. Finally Captain Barr. having
the Columbia well ahead, eased sheets
and kept off for the mark at 1:05,
crossing the Shamrock's bow one
eighth of a mile ahead. At 1:17 he set
the spinnaker on the Columbia to star
board and came down for the outer
mark at perhaps not more than a six
knot gait.
At 1:23 in came the spinnaker a^ain
on : -'ia. the wind having
I hauled ba hward. and her
boom was gybed to starboard and her
on jib topsail trimmed. The
; Shamrock had gybed five minutes be
fore, but she was not gaining any up
to this time. Approaching the outer
mark the Columbia crew doused
balloon jil tops rtly, and as they
. ;ed the rr.ark. a float bearing a red
, ball with a white stripe, which had to
be left on the starboard hand, the big
main boom swung over to port, all
sheets were trimmed flat on the star
board tack, and the Columbia thus be
gan her fifteen miles of windward
The time taken at the outer mark ia
! each yacht luffed around it was: Co
lumbia, 1:37:57: Shai »*5B-
So it will be seen by the official fig
ures that in the run of fifteen miles
from the start to the outer mark the
I Columbia outsailed the Shamrock two
minutes forty-four seconds. Her elaps
ed time to this point was 2:21:37;
Shamrock. 2:24:21.
Captain Barr kept the Columbia on
the inshore tack for two minutes forty
five seconds after rounding the mark
when he let her come about to the port
tack, setting the baby jib topsail as
she filled away. In twenty seconds he
swung her about again. The Sham
rock, meanwhile, stood off on the star
board tick two minutes and twelve sec
onds, '.Then Skipper Hogarth put her
about and began his windward work
in earnest with the Bristol boat. The
wind was now northeast-north, and on
the port tack both yachts were head
ing with sheets trimmed down flat
within four
had now increased to about ten n
It was not steady, however,
fiukiness became apparent at 1:55, when
It began heading off the Columbia. Hie
Shamrock tacked to starboard a;
spinning around on her heel in fifteen
seconds, from full to full, but I
astonishment of the thousand?
ssed 1 :a"s next tack,
fifteen seconds later, she swung around
in the almost incredibly short space
of ten seconds, timed by a stop watch.
Captain Hogarth, apparently feeling
confident that by a - :acks
he could get to the windward of the
Columbia, put the Shamrock ab-.ut four
; times in three minutes and forty sec
onds. Captain Barr followed suit and
:.:mble crew trimmed sheets just as
fast n the Shamrock and
when they both settled down to steady
work again at 2:14:50. the Columbia
was still well in the lead and gaining.
Captain Hogarth thought it best at 3:3
to split tacks with his antagonist. M
he put the Shamrock on the port tack,
thinking the Coiumbia would no
but she did. and when the latter
yacht tacked at 2:21:35 she was nearly2
STEAMER PONCE, FROM WHICH MESSAGES WERh
SHNT BY WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
•a mile dead to windward of the green j
•boat. ■
I -During the next thirty minutes a
'dozen short tacks were made, the wind
. continuing fluky all the, time, until a
:■ few minutes before 3 lock, when the
■ w.ind left the Columbia for fully five
minutes. She had the inshore berth.
..■while the Shamrock, offshore, held a
{breeze from the northeast. When the!
Shamrock, at 3:11, went about on the |
. Columbia's lee bow she was well ahead:
-.that is to say, if she had gone about she
could have crossed the Columbia's bow.
' JBetween 3:15- and 3:20 the Columbia.
: with a few fresh puffs from the north
■.eust,. began walking up on the Sham
• rock, which was then nearly a quarter
of a mile to windward of her, but be
•■fore she could overhaul the Shamrock
.'the wind died out again, the Shamrock
• continuing to hold a breeze, and by 3:35
: she was early half a mile to windward
••of the Bristol boat. There was a strong
• tide setting to the southwest which
■seemed to affect the Columbia more
.than it did the Shamrock. As it was
• necessary, according to the rules, to
finish the race before 4:45, it soon be
came evident, as the boats at 4 o'clock
: w("-re some five miles to leeward of the
finish, that the race would have to be
declared off. This was done at the time
r.amed, while the boats were still four
miles away from the finish.
vlt was very evident from to-day's
performance of the Shamrock that she
is indeed a very fast yacht. That she is
speedy in light winds was shown by her
..work the first half of the first leg of the
•course; that she is quick in stays was
.amply proven by her windward work,
and it is also a fact that she stands up
to her canvas equally well with the Co
lumbia. In the matter of handling
.'sails there was little to choose between
■.the two, and if any mistakes were
made it was more the fault of the fluky
• -.breezes than of the judgment of the
' sailing masters. Some idea of the wind
ward work of these two yachts may be
gathered from the fact that in the
■ twelve miles sailed from the outer mark
.to where the race was concluded the
.Columbia made twenty-five tacks and
the Shamrock twenty-three.
CAUSES GREAT
EXCITEMENT
IN LONDON
• • LONDON Oct. There has been
some lukewarmnesa of Inter* hitherto,
but London has amply atoned No
1 event in the annals of sport ever cre
ated such intense and universal ex
citement as has been displayed over the
■ result of the race between the Sham
rock and Columbia for the America
.cup. The culminating point was
reached -da'- when the center of the
newspaper world <■: Great [tain was
literally packed with a hu?e multitude
■of cheerine and enthusiastic partisans.
It is calculated that at 10:30 some
thing like 20.000 people were within the
area between Fleet street and the
: Thames embankment. Trade was im
possible. The police authorities were
completely taken by surprise and no
provision had been made for dealing
with the vast crowds that thronged
Fleet street and the adjacent thorough
fares from St. Paul's to the Piccadilly
Circus.
At midnight the main arteries were
thronged with people excitedly discuss
ing the resuli of the contest with an in
• tno Derby or "varsity boat
race ever equaled, and which more
nearly approached the scenes incident
to an American Presidential campaign
than anything England has heretofore
known.
ISELIN AND UPTON
BOTH YET CONFIDENT
NEW YORK, Oct B.— C. Oliver lae
lln, managing owner of the cup de
fender Columbia, when asked for a
■ ■ iment on to-day's race, s ;i !<i:
not ci nsidt r to-day'a race a fair
C the two boats at all. for it was
too fliiky for any one to see which was
■ the better work at any point of
. have just ;is much confidence
nbia now ;ii-. I ever hud."
Sir Thomas Llpton Bald :
"1 want yen to put me down ns say-
Ing that there never was In all iho
■ n in England, as clear n
had v.-day, and I want
i ' add from the bottom of my heart
"Duly Feed
Man and Steed."
Feed your nerves, also, on pure blood if
you <would have them strong. Men and
'women who are nervous are so because
their nerves are starved. When they
make their blood rich and pure ivith Hood's
Sarsaparilla their nervousness disappears
because the nerves are properly fed. ■
JOWI Hood's Sarsaparilla 7%
c" " V Cut-Bate Druggist- * ***
Drug Co. 1128 Market Street, S. F. j
that It reflects the preatest possible
credit upon the authorities who had in
charge the task of keeping it clear.
Throughout the entire contest the line
was marked on either side of it as
rly as if one had taken a pen and
drawn it upon a piece of paper. As to
my boat, I knew p'fie was a liver in a
stiff breeze. To-day's work proved that
she is no sluggard in a light one, and I
am prepared to say that she is a far
better boat than I thought she was. As
to the Columbia, no boat was ever bet
ter handled. Nothing could be I
beautifully perfect than the way she
was sailed. Everything: she is capable
of was, 1 believe, brought out of her."
THE efficacy of wireless telegraphy
as an aid to modern journalism
has again been demonstrated by
The Call to the satisfaction of the
people of San Francisco. This paper was
tho lirst to see the journalistic possibili
ties in the experiments of Marconi and
was also the first to harness the newly
developed electrical current to the car of
progress. For weeks preceding the re
turn from Manila of t lie California Vol
unteers a corps of experts in its employ
wer«- setting up and perfecting apparatus
that would herald, ahead of ull other
Rg^ncles, the near approach of tho trans
port. How well the work was done is
matter of history. It Is hardly necessary
to recall that slow-going competitors got
their only intimation of the arrival of the
Californlarrs from the booming of a Call
cannon and their news of the same event
■. Call bulletin.
The first oi the international yacht
rat ■ s between the cup challenger, Sham
rock, and the defender, Columbia, has
afforded this paper a second similar op
portunity to distance competitors grown
yellow from age and to establish beyond
• - adaptability of wireless
telegraphy to the needs of the modern
newspaper*. Extraordinary preparations
were made to furnish to tho peopiu of
Han Fran,clBCo the clearest picture and tho
best description of the race and the re
sults exceeded the expectations of even
the most sanguine. In conjunction with
the New York Herald The Call secured
the services of Signor Marconi and his
corps of assistants in order that th.v dis
coverer and foremost experimenter in the
nev.- system of electrical transmission
might himself superintend the details and
THE SAN FBAN CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1809.
MARVELOUS
WORK OF WIRELESS
TELEGRAPHY
NEW YORK. Oct. 3 — Marconi's worl^ roore than met expectations. During
the race 2500 words in bulletin service were sent to the Herald and received
without loss of tirt)e. &n average of less than a minute elapsed between the
writing of a bulletin and its receipt in the rjerald office. Not one roessage had
to be repeated.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Far and
away the greatest achievement
connected with the yacht race
of to-day was the successful
operation of the Marconi sys
tem of wireless telegraphy, by means
i>f which every movement of the com
peting craft was bulletined to the
Herald and The Call as noon as it
occurred. Did either break out a sail
that fact was given to the readers of
the Marconi bulletins before the fresh
canvas had been filled with wind. In
short, the system worked to perfection.
< >:' bulletins alone fully 2500 words were
Hashed from the towering mast of the
CALL'S SUCCESSFUL BULLETIN SERVICE A TRIUMPH
IN WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
launch his discovery on the world as an >
accomplished news agency. The story of
the preparations made at the eastern
end of the continent have bees told in
full. It only remained for this paper to
take advantage at this end of the pre
parations at the other. How well that
was done was attested by the crowds that
gathered early yesterday morning In front
of The Call business office to watch the
start, the progress and the finish of the
race, upon the result of which two worlds
are hang-ing breathless.
Xo similar successful attempt at pictur
ing and describing a passing event has
ever been recorded in Journalism. The
apparatus was not particularly elaborate,
but It was so perfect, that • those who
witnessed its workings needed nothing
but the power to take out of their con
siderations the. three thousand odd miles
that separated them from the Jersey
coast to imagine they were witnessing the
actual struggle. Across the main arch
of the building was stretched a canvas
forty feet long by eight feet high, on
which had been painted that part of the
ocean over which had been laid out the
cup course and the coasts bounding It.
In front of this picture, hanging by
endless cords, were suspended miniatures
of the contending yachts, so arranged as
to be carried over the course as the bul
letins to be received should indicate the
challenger and defender were moving. In
addition to this a large stretch of white
muslin had been arranged on rollers on
the side of the building upon which the
bulletins were to be painted as fast as
received in order that those not up In
the. maneuvers might be fully informed
of the progress of the race.
Eleven o'clock, New York time, 8 o'clock
in San Francisco, was the hour set for
the start: As early as 7 o'clock, however,
The Call's yachting expert and his as- i
steamship Ponce, and In not a single ,
I instance did it become necessary to re- I
peat a message. Not only did Slgnor
Marconi make it possible for the pub
, lie ashore to closely follow the maneu
! vers of the Columbia and Shamrock, j
but he kept tho?e who had the good
fortune to be on the steamship Ponce j
■ -well informed on the more important i
j events of the day in the world at large. I
: For the benefit of several gentlemen j
i having Wall street interests early
stock quotations were received, and the i
i money market was closely followed.
As the yachts got away the follow
ing: message, the first concerning the ;
; actual race, was written, and in less I
sip tent
wrrp on tiock awaiting the signal
to manipulate the miniatures, and the
crowd began to gather. At 8 o'clock the
street was packed with a multitude that
was not alow to manifest its disapproval
of the slowness of the Eastern racing
officials in giving the signal for the start.
The Call skippers could be seen giving
jerks at the cords preliminary to the
opening of the event.
At 8:05 a. m. the first bulletin was dis
played on the muslin. It read: "The wind
is northwest and blowing eleven knots an
hour, ' which was readily taken by the
crowd to predicate that "Upton luck"
was on the decline and that the Colum
bia was a winner. Seven minutes later
another bulletin announced the start and
The Call skippers trimmed their sails ac
cordingly, the little boats starting out on
the sea of canvas. The Shamrock was
slightly In the lead, the next bulletin an
nouncing that she had crossed the line at
11:15:35, the Columbia following five sec
onds later. -
"They're off:" yelled the crowd, The
Call skippers pulled the cords and the
challenger and defender were soon run
ning before the wind, which had died
down, the next bulletin announced, to
eight knots. For the next five hours and
a half the crowds stood and grew and
watched The Call's miniature yachts
struggle for the supremacy on the canvas
sea. During: thht period' more than 150
bulletins were borno along Maromian
waves to a through land wire and fiashfd
through to The Call office. Every foot of
the course, every movement of the racers
was noted and "wired" for the Informa
tion of the hundred? and hundreds of peo
ple crowding In front of The Call bulle
tins. Every taking in or crowding on of
Fall was noted, every movement of the
wind, every tack was recorded by the bul- .
than ninety seconds was published and
public property in New York:
"Racers away; both yachts flying
mainsail, club topsails, spinnakers,
staysails, Jib and jib topsails. Running
before •wind down the Jersey coast.
Wind about eight knots and freshen
ing."
Following this were bulletins giving
more accurate descriptions of the work
being done, and there was joy on the
Ponce when word came back that
everything was working so perfectly
that only a very few seconds separated
the chart room within which the send
ing was being done and the offices of
the Herald and The Call. During those
early moments of the race, when favor
letins of wireless! v jut a
hitch. f
The waiting crowds were all eyes. Bul
letins or a Presidential election could not
have aftracted more attention than those
that recorded the spilling of wind ur the
Happing of a sail, is'or an the time of the
race the street in front of Th« Call busi
ness ortice was a solid jam of humanity,
with the exception of one thick-). ■
policeman, who seemed to be entirely ig
norant of the meaning of tha^L word. He
was officious to the point' of insult, push
ing and hauling people ui>»ut without jus
tincation, for all of which there is the
consolation that he will probably have a
chance to answer to his olheial superiors.
At one other newspaper office a. feeble
attempt was made to draw a crowd, but
it was too weak, it lacked all the ele
ments of realism. Small boats were
chased along a narrow cornice of blue
canvas regardless of the positions of th£
racers and in imminent danger of tacking
into a yellow porthole or jibing 1 into the
nearest office window. It was a clear test
of the wired against the wireless tele
graph, and the Journalism that is in the
sere and yellow was plainly wired. Early
in the race it gave up attempts at fur
nishing bulletins for the very good reason
that n received none and the skippers in
a tire-escape to the sou'-sou'east got tir<<i
of chasing to The Call board tor their
facts.
I'uring the entire course of the race,
from the Hrinp of the signal gun until the
posting of the bulletin that announced
"n<> race" the arrangements made by this
paper worked to perfection. The elements
all were favorable, not to speak of the
gentle breeze wafting down Market street
to fill out the sails of the mimic yachts
in fair imitatir.n of the swelling canvas of
the actual racers. The excitement at all
times was intense, particularly in the first
stages of the race, when the Shamrock
seemed to be getting the better of the Co
lumbia. There were groans of disap
proval when the hulk-tins announced that
the excursion boats were shutting off the
Columbia s breeze. It was plain, before all
eyes thai both boat* had Balling qualities
far in exces» of expectations, and when
the Columbia showed her heHs to the.
Snamrock shortly ;ift*r 12 o'clock »h«*
waitingcrpwd assumed a cheerful aspect
winch it maintained til! the recefvine
with every manifestation of joy the re
;-.lpt of bulletins from Marconi announc
ing the Columbia's leadership.
No greater triumph for wireless teles*
raphy could have been arranged For the
second time through its agency The Call
distanced all competitors, rt yhu enabled
to announce the start bo lone before ail ■
competitors that the yachts had
nine miles of the course ' efore their boats
were set in motion; it was enabfed
to post ami to picture accurate^ the prog
ress of the race, while would-be rnm.pH !
tors were unable to do either; nnd "con :
Receiving the Bulletins at The Call Office.
STATION AT NAVESINK HIGHLANDS.
ing winds filled the sails of th* chal
lenger while the cup defender was
floundering a bit uncertain in the
smooth sea, every breeze was described.
The fifth bulletin read thus: "Sham
rock apparently leading slightly. Buth
balloon jibs spilling wind, but Sham
rock's sail is drawing the better. Course
clear."
It required one minute and a quarter
to send this dispatch, yet the first three
wurds, "Shamrock apparently leading,"
were received in New York and given
out as a separate bulletin before the
last word, "clear," was sent.
Whenever the Marconi bulletins were
posted the public was less than seven
ty-five seconds behind the yachts, and
In many cases less than thirty seconds.
By unofficial time the Columbia
rounded the first mark at I:4S and the
Shamrock followed at 1:40:15. The time
of the Columbia had been flashed all
over New York before the Shamrock
had followed.
Aboard the Ponce there was the keen
est apprehension of the work being
done. Indeed, it is not too much to say
that, except at the most critical mo
ments during the race, more attention
was given to the mysterious chart room
and to Signor Marconi than to the
yachts. Aboard the other excursion
steamers, too, the passengers were
deeply interested in the wireless re
ports. Almost without exception the
Ponce was saluted by a round of cheers
from every boat it met during the day.
Signor Marconi was compelled to shut
himself off from the curious, whose
good-natured attentions hindered the
work to be accomplished.
In consequence, until after the race
had been called off the chart room of
the Ponce was closed, except to Signor
Marconi and his assistants, the report
ers for the Herald and The Call, and
the representatives of the Government,
who were present In an unofficial ca
pacitf to watch the results accom
plished by the new system. These gen
tlemen were: Lieutenant Commander
Qualtrough and Lieutenant Blish, rep
resenting the navy, and Captain L. W.
Wildman and Colonel Kinsley nf the
signal service department. Mr. Kinsley
is a civilian, but has given much at
tention to the wireless telegraph, and
was engaged to study and report upon
Signor Marconi's achievements. He
was more than pleased with the work
of the day, and at its close, when asked
for an expression of his opinion, said:
"My first report must be made to
Captain Squier, but there can be only
;>inion when It is known that 2500
words in bulletins were sent ashore and
the total could have, been greatly in
creased, and all of this was done "with
out any vexatious delay or repetition."
Lieutenant Commander Qualtrough
was more outspoken. He became an
enthusiast early in the day, and be
fore nightfall was declaring his be
lief that the United States Govern
ment would do well to persuade Sig
nor Marconi to install his system in
the Philippines at the earliest date.
"If we could only have had this
last year," said Lieutenant Com
mander Qualtrough, "what a great
thing it would have been. When we
landed marines at Guantanamo the
ships were unable to lend assistance
for the reason that the enemy could
not be located, and by firing at ran
dom our own forces would have been
placed in danger. With the aid of
the Marconi system the men ashore
could have directed the fire and all
would have been well.
"The English are prepared now to
do just what I have outlined. They
send a Marconi apparatus ashore with
a landing party and communication
with the ship is never lost. In the
Philippines the system would right
now be of great service to us. It
would do away with wires, which are
easily cut, and it would enable us to
How the
Messages
Were
Sent in
TWO MINUTES
by
Wireless
Telegraphy
From the
Steamer
Near the
Racing Yacht;
to the
Station,
Fifteen Miles
From the
Shore,
and Then
Flashed
Across the
Continent
by
Special Wire
to
The Call
Office.
3000 Miles
Away.
have perfect communication bet-ween
the islands. The system is certain to
be made use of by the army and navy.
Even if to-day's record could not be
improved upon it would be of great
value. But I have seen enough td
know that it is impossible to predict
the limit of the wireless currents.
Great things may be accomplished in
the near future. Lieutenants Blish,
Denfleld, Newton and I will meet Sig
nor Marconi to-morrow morning for
a conference. After Signor Mar
coni completes the work which the
enterprise of the Herald and The Call
made possible he will proceed with
a series of tests and demonstrations
for the Government. Bear Admiral
Bradford is greatly impressed with
the possibilities of his discovery."
Before the end of the contest a few
private messages were accepted by
Signor Marconi for delivery ashore but
after the battle the final bulletin to the
Herald and The Call announcing "No
race" had been filed, there was a rush
for the chart room and the good-na
tured operator was kept busy almost
until the Ponce reached the pier send
ing the messages forced upon him.
Among those who were on the Ponce
and who sent messages ashore were-
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker of Ran
Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph TVhit
ney, Mr. and Mrs. \y. R. Thorsen Dr
and Mrs. E. M. Culver. Mr. and Mrs."
J. E. Kerr, Mr. and Mrs. It. X Liddell'
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Alexander. Mr. and
Mrs. H. T. Knowlton, Mrs. George W
TWstinghouse, Theodore H. Price R
T. Wilson Jr.. H. Coppell, J. S Brvan.
Richmond Vasi. Stanley McCormack J
K. Cameron of Baltimore, E T Bel)
Jr.. Captain E. J. McKinstry B A
Aymor, E. Sands, W. N. Knowles \r
thur Coppoll and John S. Cravens.
The working of the Marconi systerr
was, so far as possible, explain.-. i ovej
ar.d over again, and the listentsg
sinned never to grow tired of hearlwi
about it. The tape on which the m«#.
sages from shore were i .] w|t
taken bit by bit to be preserved as so».
venirs of the trip. From Navesink life
tie was heard on the Ponce save tIH
announcement after each message th*|
it had been properly received. J/L&
Continued on Fourth Pay*.ADMIRAL DEWEY PRESENTED
WITH THE SWORD OF HONOR
WASHINGTON. Oct. 2.— The
culmination of Admiral
Dewey's triumphal home
coming was reached to-day in
the shadow of the dome of the
National Capitol. Here he received
from the hands of the President the
magnificent jeweled sword voted by
Congress ir. commemoration of the vic
tory of Manila Bay. This was the offl
c.'a! reason for the the ceremony. But
mere official sanction could never have
thrown into the demonstration the fer
vor of enthusiasm that was meted out
to the admiral as he appeared bsfore
the vast audience, composed not only
of all the highest ofliciais In the .and,
but of spectators drawn from every
quarter of the United States. The bat
tle of Manila Bay was not forgotten,
but It might be said to have beer rele
gate-I almost to second place in the
desire to do honor to the man who had
proved himself as great after victory
as before it and who had shown in the
long and trying- months that followed
his triumph the qualities cf a states
man and a wise administrator a^ well
as those of the fighting leader of a vic
torious neet.
Ar.d enhancing these qualities was
that of manly modesty, displayed In the
4Uiet dignity with which he met the
occasion. This trait of Dewey's char
acter was in evidence from the moment
he reached the stand side by side with
the Piesident. He paused at this point
point for a moment, unwilling, appar
ent! y. to take the place that had been
prepared for him on the right of the
platform. lest he should appear to
usurp the place due to the chief magis
trate. President McKlniey grasped" the
situation in an instant and, taking the
great sea captain by the arm. placed
him by gentle force in the chair that
had beeii intended for him. Later in
the cay. as the carriage bearing the
official party drove away from the
Capitol oetween walls of cheering peo
ple, the President again displayed his
tact by remaining covered and ignoring
the demonstration himself, leaving its
acknowledgment to the admiral.
For Dewey it was a trying as well as
a triumphal day. It had been given to
few officers in the naval history or" the
country to sit before a crowd uf thou
sands while tha chief of the naval es
tablishment dilated on their exploits.
And then to stand before the same
crowd to receive at the hands or the
President a sword prepared for him a:
the behest of the representatives of the
v. hole people. The strain upon Admiral
Dewey reached almost to the breaking
point. None but those nearest to him
could see how he labored to repress his
feehr.ss during the address of Secre
tary Lor.ir. but when he arose to receive
the* sword from the hands of the Presi
dent no or.c could mistake the ilash of
the white-gloved hand as it rose to
dash away the tears before the admiral
came to the rieid attitude of attention
before his chief?
When it came Dewey's turn to re
ply h;s voice failed him and he made
the effort twice before his lips would
respond. When he did succeed his tones
■were oirar ar.d steady, but so low that
only those nearest him could hear.
There was an exquisite comedy fol
lowing the trying formalities, though it
escaped all but those directly on the
Ftaud. As the admiral closed and took
his seat he turned to the President and
In a tone of quizzical appeal inquired:
"Now, really, don't you think I did
pretty well for an amateur?"
Once during the ceremonies Secretary
Long "embraced an opportunity to ease
the trying situation for the chief actor
in the" day's events. When the Secre
tary- began his address the sun was
shining directly in the admiral's eyes,
and without his hat he was at its
mercy. The Secretary quietly inserted
in his address a low aside. "Admiral,
turn your chair a little; we don't want
to have you blind."
One of the most remarkable features
cf the eventful day was the ovation to
Rear Admiral Schley on the return of
the party from the Capitol to the White
House. His carriage was several num
bers behind that of the President and
Admiral Dewey, and received an ova
tidrj that scarcely ranked below that
accorded to the admiral himself. The
tumult grew as the carriage paced
down the avenue and the crowd surged
aroun'i It until the horses were brought
to a foot pace. Finally a company of
the Hig-h School Cadets came to the
rescue ar.d formed about the carriage
in a hollow square. Thus protected and
ranked by a force of police, the car
riage reached the White House with a
long gap between it and the next offi
cial guests.
■
: • V.d
■
■
tings the
■" ■
shak
....
m his
■
-. • •
■
-
\>y af B B t:?C? gaPB § q B
That hi£ lot -we threater^d to sell at half price is in store. Noth-
ing as dressy, as durable or as pretty at the price as sateen. These are
all 13-cent poods -: cash stores and mostly 2-bit goods at credit stores. Do
not doubt our offer, but close In with the golden opportunity.
SATEEN G\c\ CCTOBER SPECIALS !
Tfce« at Pic are mostly I!gM croond i VVIUULII ul LllALj I
rr beautiful ever.lnß ihaiies. but nt Sc
.i!-,.'. Uc you pet your choice of piiwnis m i/'i/r-n
la Henres or strlres. lncludine b! S h- CRACKhR, Special No. I
crai- ■a.h-.r- and black stripes, for dresses -- . f <wS ' lt * l 1^»-'' *
rr for "h!rts Keru-ar Jl box. ht«h«rt grade Soda Crackers
__ . ALr S G'c " "° - U wh — ter last 4<Jc
6,C cDFriAI IV o
W> clcst «fl pieces of these in 2?-lnch | OrCWlrtL i N O, 2
roofis r-'. the Oe grade at this loir price— , pilot Bread l n bulk In any quantity 11ml*
It pan to shop at o-jr «tore better than one case 10 lbs. per c q T> l % 1 '
almost ar.ythinff else you can do.
STOCKINGS... Sc TEA Special No. 3
J Th«e I • •■ blac^ j ppeer ' cc 6CC - SS'^th'f^^ " -«Jo
for childrea from 4-^ to fH. Many rood ! v • '" -»»c
values at Uc iro at tl.ls broke price for I r -. r »ir/— I »'l':V : .iv» >
a f<ew ''.ays: larger *Jz»s fcr e'.rls wear- SPECIAL !>O. -4
ln 5 weanT, ttoei at We for a fe^r days. Wpton Tea. N j , n paPka<Mi w. -
lIVh-DVCCTC LadiesMOc - grade, this month, per lb 55c
UM)?:RVESTi=>, Ladies' lOc -— .
These are about '»f io>a until siies COFFEE, Special No. 5
of 50c rammer S ht«. We close the XXX Palace Hotel Ground Coffee ready to
lot this w^k ar-djnext at 10c oil; He irade £-:b_Tr- ....^U.OO
SPECIAL No. 8 CANDY, Special No. 6
15c grade cf Peanut or Cocoanut Taffy. .l3c j Fancy Mixed, *-Ib box sOc
MACARONi.lTpecial No. 9 SPECIAL No. 7
Cooil fresh Uac.rent. lp bulk, per Ib . 5c | ** a(le "**— — ***> l sc
COCOA. Special No. 10 j <^!k£fiHßHl^>*
lots, for . sOe feu \ j^_ I Bfl^. ».
SPECIAL No. H *%^^/j 1 fi^ "^
StoHTrercVa Cocoa, 1-lb tins, r.r-^t !m- § ? i* N H
BAKING POWDER, CASH STORE
Special No. 12 t) - o _ jvi»nkel- "*
Cr. Price"! £-« tins, each Osc -&O-^it IYIdFKCL OLi
yours. You save yourself by not let
ting- them pet the grasp on you."
The scene of the presentation was
most ...... located under the
shadow of the great Capitol of the na- ;
tion — a spot filled with memories of
other stately ceremonies.
The escort which marched in line j
with the admiral was ma up entirely
of soldiers and sailors. There was
nothing in the general arrangements a.* ;
the immerse crowd swept through the
beautiful plaza to indicate that the oc
casion was anything less than a Presi
dential Inauguration. From the flag
decorated stand the crowd below pre- !
sented the picture of an immense field
of faces turned up toward the shining
white pile of the Capitol. Seats were •
provided on the grand stand stretching
between the buttresses of the east por
tico. Here it was that the most bril
liant coloring was laid on the great liv
ing picture as the gold and blue of mili
tary uniforms and the brighter garb of
the diplomatic corps drifted in. Then
came the solid mass of the naval offi
cials.
The start from Mr. McLean's resi
dence was made promptly at 10 o'clock.
Admiral Dewey had breakfasted at 3:10
with his son ar.d Lieutenants Brumby
and CaldwelL He emerged from the
house with Chairman Moses of the lo
cal reception committee, and the two
tock their seats together in Mrs. Mc-
Lean's carriage. "When the admiral ap
peared, resplendent In heavy epaulettes
and gold lace, the gre-at throng that
had assembled in the adjacent streets
and Farragut square broke out into a
long and loud cheer of applause.
Accompanied by an escort of police
and committeemen and headed by the
marine band, the admiral was driven to
the White House through cheering
crowds His progress was slow and he
repeatedly bowed and smiled his ac
knowledgment of the greetings s*ven
h'r^ H-* entered the White House
grounds by the west gate, and on
reaching the portico quickly alighted
and was shown Into th white room
where he was met by the President and
members of the Cabinet .
The carriages swept briskly down the j
curved driveway into Pennsylvania;
avenue, there -was a blare of buc.e eom
irar.d<= a clash of bands and the great
procession started. It was a magnifi
cent and inspiring sight as the parade
swung Into the long stretch of the
handsome thoroughfare. Through the
broad street.. cleared from curb- t-> curb,
with the maje=t'.c Cjpit^l towering from
' the further end and the Treasury build
j in? behind, the marching hosts moved
between two solid wall? of enthusiastic.
! shouting, gesticulating humanity,
' banked solidly from the curbs and ris-
I ing. tier on tier, on every conceivable
\ kind ... to th^ crowded roofs
i and windows, while above, below and
I all about fluttered flags, bunting and
j Dew- emblems and devices, forming
i a background of brilliant color.
At the head of the line rode Major
' General Nelson A. Miles, commanding
! general of the army, in the full uniform
I of his rank, with the yellow field mar
i shal's sash from shoulder to hip. He
i was on a superb gray horse, richly
j caparisoned.
Arriving at th» Capitol the President.
i with his Cabinet, was shown Into the
| President's room. whil<" Admiral Dewey
\ with his capitains occupied the roam of
I the Vice-President. There was a wait
of half an hour, then the party took up
their march to the sta:id In the same
order it had entered the Capitol.
A _ soui I In 1 tlon of the
There was a flow from the marine
band as the head of the procession
reached the edee of th" portico.
The band struck into the soul-moving
Ftrains of "Hail to the Chief." as the
procession moved slowly down the steps
to the stand.
-
I
ire head to i
tlon. rvanl
a naval r!oa
rs as seat.
Dr. Bris
.- -
"- -
Admiral Detvey: Thf natior.'a capital
welcomes you. the ration's hern. The
city of Washington welcomes you. who
in the -oundness and completeness of
your character, approach the perfect orb
of that supreme man whose name It
hears. I^lkc- him you. too. have antici
pated the fan) i of immortality. Iv>rsr
may you l!v<? to enjoy it. May 'you 'Ive
long to truly prove the love and honor
of a grateful people.
America has never larked preat men
When the crucial hour in her history has
struck, the man of the crisis hai an
reared. A ?Teat man pazed through the
darkness of time and spare and saw upon
the horizon the star of a new world.
<.»reat men ploughed unknown sea<?
pierced •■.--■-.- subdued saVaee
foes, and wrought th« harsh features of
the wilderness into the smiling- fn.ee of
this fair !ar.d. Our colonial infancy, our
provincial youth, our struggling manhood
have been fostered and protected by the'
wisdom and the courag-e of .creat "men.
Their blood ha* grlven us independence
abroad an:l freedom at home. We have
withstood foreign war and domestic mal
ice chiefly through — . To them it is
due that wo but yesterday stood a united
thotieh an isolated nation and sent forth
to the • rid a challenge in the name of
humanity.
It was your s-ipnal good fortune that
made you ih* challerper. But it was al
together year own sreat qualities that
ir.ade the challenge good; that won the
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, VEDXESBAY, OCTOBER 4, 1899.
fight; that maintained the victory; that
put the nation's flag so high In the Bast
ern sky that ail could see it;, that made
the whole worid know and say that our
ration Is z. citizen of the world me to
p'.ay a man's part and to demand a man's
power and honor. These qualities, the na
tion to-day formally recognizes. Happy
you who hear with your own ears what
too often children of the great listen to.
May you live so long that you will be
hold your own best monument In your
country's rood, grown greater through
your deeds. Again welcome to your own
true horne — thlo city of the nation.
Perry ended by introducing Secretary
Long, who was received with enthu
siasm, and, standing bareheaded, ad
dressed his remarks directly to Dewey,
who remained bareheaded and seated.
Secretary Long spoke as follows:
My Dear Admiral: Let me read a few
extracts from our official . -■-, '.'-nee,
covering less than a fortnight's time, and
cow known the world over:
"WASHINGTON. April 24. IS9S.— Dewey,
Hongkong: War ha.- commenced between
the United States and Spain. Proceed at
once to Philippine Isianas. Begin opera- .
tions at once, particularly against the
Spanish fleet. You mast capture vessels
or destroy. Use utmost endeavors.
"LONG."
"MANILA. May l. Secretary of the |
Navy, Washington; The squadron arrived
at Manila at daybreak this morning. Im
mediately engaged enemy and destroyed
the following vessels. • • * The squad- j
ron is uninjured. Few men were slightly ',
wounded. DEWEY."
"May 4.— Secretary of the Navy. Wash
ington: I have taken position or* the naval
station. Philippine Islands. I control bay
completely and can take city at any time.
The squaaron in excellent health and spir
its. I am assisting and protecting sick
and wounded. DEWEY."
"WASHINGTON. May 17 IS9B.— Dewey:
j The President, in the name of the Ameri
can people, thanks you and your officers I
i ar.d men for your splendid achievement
ancl overwhelming victory. In recogni
tion he has appointed you acting rear ad
miral and will recommend a vote of
thanks to you by Congress as a founda- i
tion for further promotion."
In those few words what a volume of '
history; what a record of swift, high,
heroic discharge of duty. You went, you
saw, you conquered. It seems but yester
day that the republic, full of anxiety.
strained Its listening far to catch the first j
word from those distant island? of the I
s»*a. It came flashing over the wires- that
I May morning a? the sun burst through
I tho clouds and filled every ..... j
] illumination of its good cheer. In the j
I twirkiirig ol an eye your name was on |
! every lip; the blessing of every American i
on your head, and your country strode in- I
stantly forward a mightier power among j
the nations of the world. As we welcome !
you hack there com»s back also the vivid
i picture of that time, with all its hopes
! and foars. and with ail its swift succeed
! '.re triumph and glory.
Let me now read the act of Congress in
I pursuance of whirh we are here.
"Resolved. By the Senate and House of
! R<*r>r*<srntativ^s of the United States nf ]
America; in Cnngr*<=s assembled, that th» \
Secretary of the Navy be and he hereby
is authorized to present a sword of honor
of Commodore George I »ewey. and to
j cause to be -truck bronxe medals com
memorating the tattle of Manila Bay. an.l
to distribute si-ch medafs to the office! s
and men of the ships of the Asiatic
squadron the United States undf>r com
mand of Commodore Georgo Dewy on
May 1. ISC-v and that, to enable the Secle
tary to carry out this resolution, the sum
of JIOjQOO. or so much thereof as may be
necessary, is hereby appropriated.
"Approved June 3. IS9S.'"
It was by this solemn enactment, ap
proved by the President, that the people
of the United States made provision for
putting in mat-rial form one expression
of their appreciation of your valor as an
officer of their navy and of your great
achievement as their representative in
oper'ng- tr« doo* to a new era in the dv
iiimtion of the world.
The victory at Manila Bay ?ave you
rnr.k ... most distinguished naval
heroes of all tinr's. Nor was your merit
most in the brilliant victory which you
achieved In a battle fought "with the "ut
most gallantry and skill, waged without
error and crowned with overwhelming
success. It was still more in the nerve
with which you sailed from Hongkong
to Manila harbor: tn the spirit of your
conc^n'tion of attack: in your high com
manding confidence as a leader who had
weighed every risk and prepared for
every emergency, and who also had that
unfaltering determination to win and that
utter freedom from the thought of pr.s=i
billty of swerving- from his purpose which
are the very assurance of a victory- No
captain ever faced a more crucial • st
thnr. when that morning bearing the fate
and the honor of your country- In your
hand, thousands of miles from home, with
every foreign port in the world shut to
you: nothing between you and annihila
tion but the thin sheathing of your ship?,
your cannon and your devoted officers and
men. you moved upon the en^my 1 ? bat
teries on shore and on sea with unflinch
ing: faith and rerve. and 'before the sun
was half way up in the heaven? had si
lenced the guns of the foe. sunk the hos
tile fleet, demonstrated the supremacy of
the American sea power and transferred
to the United States an empire of the
islands of the Pacific. Later, by your
display of large powers of administration,
by your poise end prudence and by your
great discretion, not only in act. butaiso
In word, which is almost more important,
you proved yourself a sreat representa
tive citizen of the United States, as well
as its great naval hero.
The luster of the American navy was
gloriously bright before, and you have
added to It a new luster. Its constellation
cf stars was giorious before and you have
added to ft another star of the first mag
nitude. And yet many of your grateful
countrymen feel that, in the "time to come,
it may be your still greater honor that
you struck the first blew under the prov
idence of God In the enfranchisement of
those beautiful island? which make the
great empire of the sea; in relieving
them from the bondage and oppression of
centuries and in putting them on their
way. under the protecting shield of your
country's guidance, to take their place in
the civilization; the arts, th» industries,
the liberties and all the good things of
the most enlightened and happy nations
of the world, so that generations hence
your name shall be to the] a household
word, enshrined in their history and in
their heart*. Clouds and darkness may
llneer about them now. hut the shining
outcome is as sure as the rising of the
sun. Whatever the passing tribulations
and difficulties of the present moment,
they will, in due time, soon and surely
give way to the dawn of a glorious new
day — the day not of any mere selfish im
perial dominion of one peoD'.e over an
other, but of the Imperial moral and
physical growth and expansion of all the
peoples, whatever their race or language
or color, who hnvo come under the shelter
of the broad shield of the United States
of America.
By authorising the presentation of this
sword to you as a mark of its approval,
your country ha? recognized therefore not
only the great rich fruits which, even be
fore returning from your victory, you
have poured into her lap. but a!so her own
responsibility to discharge the grea! trust
which is thus put upon her and fulfill the
destiny of her own growth and of the em
pire that is now her charge. It Is a new
demand upon all the resources of her con
science, wisdom and courage. It is a work
In the speedy and beneficent consumma
tion of which she is entitled to the cordial
help, sympathy and uplift of all her
citizens, no: the faint-hearted doubts and
teasing cavils of any of them. It is •
work on which she has entered in the in
terest of early peace in these new land?
their stable government, the establish
ment in th^m of law and order, the se
curity of life and property and the Ameri
can standards of prosperity :ind home
Let those who fear remember that though
her children, guided by you. took the
wings of the morning and dwelt in the
uttermost parts of the sea. even there
her hand shall hold them. In this work
in view of the great part you have taken
in the sudden development of her sov
ereignty, your ■ full knowledge of the
situation and the just hold you have on
the hearts of all her people, she looks for
your continued service and listens for
your counsel in the high hope and pur-
E' ose that the triumph of her peace shall
c even greater than her triumph in war.
It is my good fortune, under the terms
of the enactment of Congress, to have the
honor of presenting to you this beautiful
sword. If during the coming years, which
I trust will be yours, of useful service to
your country, it shall remain sheathed in
peace, as God grant it may. that fact will
perhaps be due more than to anything
to th« thoroughness with which you have
already done its work. I congratulate you
on your return acros the sea in full health
of mind and body to receive it here, here
in the National Capitol, here on these con
secrated steps where Lincoln stood, here
etandinc between the statue of the first
President of the United States and him
who is its living President to-day, here in
this beautiful city adorned with the stat
ues of its statesmen and heroes, the num
ber Incomplete until your own is added.
here amid this throng of citizens who are
only a type of the millions and millions
more who are all animated by the same
spirit of affectionate and grateful wel
come. I cannot doubt that this is one of
the proudest days of your life, and I know
it is one of the happiest in the heart of
each one of your fellow countrymen
wherever they are, whether on the conti
nent or on the far-off islands of the sea.
Now. following the authorization of
Congress, I present this sword of honor
which I r.old In my hand— my hand!
rather let It go to you through the hand
of one who In. his youth also periled his
life and fought for his country in battle,
and who to-day is commander-in
of all our armies and navies, th© Presi
dent of the United States.
As Secretary- Long concluded, he
passed the sword to President McKin
ley. The latter rose and faced the ad
miral. Dewey was visibly affected, and
brushed his gloved hands across his
eyes before standing at attention. The
President said:
Admiral Dewey: Prom your entrance
into the harbor of New York with your
gallant crew and valiant ship the demon
strations which have where greeted
you reveal the public esteem of your
heroic action and the fullness of love in
which you are held by your country.
The voice of the nation is lifted in praise
and gratitude for the distinguished and
memorable services you have rendered the
country, and all the people give you an
affectionate welcome home, in which I
join with all my heart.
Your victory exalted American valor
and extended American authority. There
was no rlaw in your victory; there will be
no faltering in maintaining it. iGreat ap
plause, i
It gives me extreme pleasure and great
honor in behalf of ... tr.e. people to hand
you thi3 sword, the gift of the nation,
voted by the Congress of the United,
States,
The President handed the admiral the
md there was
s< as Dewey received
it. The crowd was hushed as he turned
I thank you, Mr. President, for this
great honor you have conferred upon me.
1 thank the Congress for what it ha.* done.
I thank the Secretary of the Navy for his
gracious words. I thank my countrymen
tor this beautiful sift, which shall be an
heirloom in my family forever as an evi
dence that republics are not ungrateful,
and I thank you. Mr. Chairman and gen
tleman of the committee. lor the gracious,
cordial and kindly welcome which you
nave given me to my home.
The band played "The Star Spangled
Banner," and then Cardinal Gibbons
pronounced the benediction.
: ng th ■ ..-tion the ar
rang ' :h^ mill
l] Dewey \\vre
- : ■ ut. While thi- ; i
■ . :.g in ni(>" . : -
. -: to give a
- crowd to
! "hold up the sword."
Admiral Dewey, complaisant as al
ways, lifted it. and then it was raised
again by one of the committeemen.
| Upon the latter putting it down. Ad
| miral Dewey, at the request of a pho
i tographer perching on a sttpladder
nearby, held the sword in both hands
while the camera was snapped.
The admiral and the President then
seated themselves and conversed ani
; matedly. The former was facing south,
and he noticed a little girl, probably
four years old. in the crowd near the
stand kissinp her hand to him. In an
| instant his face was aglow and he
i waved both hands to the young one.
I There was some delay in the starting
j of the escort, and during the interval
the admiral and the President were
: joined on the stand by Secretary Long,
j Secretary Hay, Secretary Hitchcock,
I Attorney General Griggs, Postmaster
General Smith. Secretary Root and ex-
Secretary Alger.
The Olympia's men. who had been
placed at points of vantage, whence
I they could see their chief honored, first
I marched across the plaza to take th-»
I place of honor at the right of the line,
and were greeted with continuous
cheering. When they fell into place the
review began. General Miles and his
j staff riding by in salute and then
I taking up a position on the plaza north
of the stand. Admiral Dewey, the
i President and the others in the party
j remained standing during the passing
|of the troops. The admiral touched
; his chapeau to each organization and
removed it in salutation of every flag.
He clapped his hands when the Dis
trict National Guard came into view,
j and the guards were also given ap
; plause by the throngs. In the rear of,
i the Olympia'B men marched detach
ments from the Machias, the Marietta
and the lowa, and the famous black
goat, which is the lowa's mascot,
trotted along with the jackies with
most amusing impertinence. The re
i viewing party evidently enjoyed this
feature. The ; mpia's men got a
splendid send-off from every- one. th*
■ citizens in the mounted escort giving
them three cheers and waving their
hats as the men behind the guns
passed by.
When the review was concluded the
admiral and President McKinley en
tered the latter's carriage. The Cabi
net officers and members of the com
mittee entered other carriages. When
: Admiral Schley, -who was well down
the list, entered his carriage he was
given a demonstration which continued
all through the Capitol grounds, and he
| was compelled to rise in his carriage
; and bow his acknowledgments of the
warm greeting given him.
PRESIDENT GIVES A
SPLENDID DINNER PARTY
WASHINGTON". Oct J.— President Me
-•li Dewey, to
jave the largr-st dinner party in the
• . - - White House social functions.
- ■ over eighty persons.
;ests included the Cabinet, the Gov- i
• ■• .-• tea, Justices of the Su- j
preme Co-;" f the members of j
both houses of Coi cr'?=. army and navy
officials and others. It was a brilliant i
affair.
Ar. hour before the time set a larg-e
in front of the White
House to watch the arrivals.
Admiral Dewey came at 8 o'clock, and
; as he passed inside with Flag Lieutenant
i Brumby and Flag Secretary- Caldwell the
'■• admiral was enthusiastically cheered.
' Hear Admiral Sen ley was given a similar
j ovation. The guests passed into the East
! room, whence they proceeded to the
White House corridor, which served as
the state dining-room, the usual room
g too small for the purpose. The
I corridor was decorated.
In the center of the table was a large
■ cut glass vase filled with dark red meteor
I roses set in a mound of Farl^yenese ferns.
! At intervals on either side were six large
I mounds of pineapple plants in fruit, set
; in begonias, the flowers interspersed with
: the broad green-leaved bilbergia splen
■■ denes, a native plant of the Sandwich Isl
■ ands. Between these were other vases
filled with meteor roses standing in beds
I of orchids, making in all thirteen pieces.
! one for each of the original thirteen
| States of the Union. The mantels were
; banked with cut flowers and the walls
i and doorways wore hung with asparagus
'■ vines. On a large colored glass screen
! back of the President's chair hung the
i President's Hag. and on the opposite side
i of the table, to the rtar of Dewey's seat.
I was the four-starred blue flag of the ad
i mira! of the navy. At the east end of the
! table, and over the door leading into the
east room, where Secretary' Long sat, was
the flag of the Secretary of the Navy, and
over the west end hung the flag of the
Secretary of War.
The red and blu* parlors were effectively
j decorated with plants. The decoration of
i the ea-st room was unique and consisted .
j entirely of plants. Palms and the multi
colored croton filled all the window spaces
I and mantels. |
TEN THOUSAND VOLTS
PASSED THROUGH HIM
Section Foreman Quinn Narrowly Escapes
• Death by Electricity Near Corning.
© CORNING, Oct. John F. Qulnn. foreman of the railroad section ©
O crew at this place, narrowly escaped losing his life to-day from an electric O
% shock, which for a time completely paralyzed him. The railroad com-
S* pany is at present building a track into the bed of Thomes Creek to j»
i? facilitate the loading of gravel onto its cars. The electric wires of the O
£' line of the Tehama Electric Company, which furnishes light and power
£• to the town of Corning, pass over the new track. fc«
0 Division Roadmaster Somner and Mr. Quinn were desirous of finding O
~^ the distance from the wires to the track and he procured a tape line for 0
j» that purpose. The tape line was reinforced on the inside with very fine j»
O wires over which was a coating of waterproof material. Mr. Quinn O
i? held one end of the line while the other end was thrown over the wire. •!
& As soon as it touched the wire the current came down the line, lifting &
<$ Mr. Quinn from his feet and leaving him in a paralyzed condition. It £>
i? was fully ten minutes before he could speak. He was brought to Corning *?
£ on a handcar and placed under the care of a physician. &i
0 Mr. Quinn will be able to be around in a day or so. The current 0
*• burned his body under his steel suspender buckles and left him in a very **
nervous condition. The fact that he escaped from death after having the f%
m ten thousand volts pass through his body is something miraculous. ,♦
O O
©o!«o?io\o%o** v % o vo!.o\v!io!io!; or.o^v'.o'.v % o?; o v o 5* o ?; o?io?^o%«
FILIPINOS LOST
TWENTY-EIGHT
Found Dead in Trenches
After Bacoor.
Ep*cla4 Dispatch to Th« Call.
MANILA, Oct. 3.— A message which
left Bacoor at 8 o'clock this morning
says: "Twenty-eight dead insurgents
were found in the rebel trenches after
yesterday's fight. The insurgent forces
ntly retreated toward Noveleta
during the night.
"General Grant, with part of the
Fourth and Fourteenth Infantry regi
ments and one hundred marines, -will
try to find them to-day."
WASHINGTON Oct. 3.— The follow
irs- != the dispatch of Genera! Otis re-
I yesterday relative to the visit
of the insurgent officers:
MANILA. Oct. 2.— Adjutant General,
Washington: Thre- insurgent officers
were permitted to enter our lir.es at An
j _ 'J^ " '" r I
Overcoats I
iHHpj, lor lall I
ll^^^miff! .We have a handsome I
1 : V . line of Fall and Winter i
; :-'^£k£>^ ':■••;•: overcoats, which are as *1
■I ■i-'i^ztffp! ; ; :i ■■-.•■ neat garments as were ever fe
i ■ il ' ! ffli '\ ? in our store. $
; fl s^ We made them all in our :^
f ~^ v own workshop — we put M
/""* good material into them and g,
iAC\ were particular that the M
.^f *V___3^ workmanship was in keep- |
p ing with the material. |
I They are overcoats which we like to |
sell to new customers and have them judge i
jse us accordingly. " S
pj You will find among them cheviots, M
1^ kerseys, coverts, meltons, oxfords and vi- §§
cunas, in all shades and patterns, from 9
m Every one is a "Yeargood" overcoat— an over- Ib
g coat which we guarantee for a year. §£j
§| ' Prince Alberts — a fine line made of imported |3
H vicuna, silk-lined throughout. See them. m
I Boys' Middy Suits, 1
*|j in blue and m xtures, some with larze saiior collars, g
jg. others with the shirt collars ani silk-faced lapels; !|
23 ages 3to 10 years an excellent value for |?
1 ' $2.75 a suit. g
I (fjl S.N .WO 0D» CO (HI) 1
S \Q2Jy -713 MARKET ST NS^O^y |
fe [ Out-of-town ordfrs filled — write us. S
SOLDIERS, ATTENTION!
The fourth edition of the Wasp Quarterly Is now out. It contains 36
pages of pictures, being a complete pictorial history of the reception of
all the volunteer regiments on their return from Manila.
Among the subjects Illustrated in these thirty-six pages of pictures are: "First
Raisin* of Old Glory on the Walls of Manila." "Manila Before and After American
Invasion." Portraits of the Officers of the First California Volunteers and of every en-
listed man. "A Day In the Life of a Volunteer." "First California Volunteers Land-
ing at Manila." "Capture of Prisoners." Pictures of Insurgents, "The Horrors of
War Shown in BattleSelU Scenes." "The Filipino at Home: Scenes Descriptive of His
Life." "The Return of Volunteers and Their Reception In Fan Francisco." Return
and Reception of the Colorado Volunteers, the Pennsylvantans. Nebraska and Utah
Troops. Oregon Volunteers. Minnesota and Montana and South Dakota, Idaho and
Wyoming Troops. California Regulars, Etc.
The number contains nothing but pictures-
It is a military album and a most desirable memento.
Fop sale by all newsdealers. Price 25 cents.
g-eles with twelve of our soldiers and two
citizens whom they wish to present as
released prisoners. Yesterday. In confer
ence they endeavored to present a com
munication from the Insurgent govern
ment, which was declined. Then they
presented a paper signed by ten of the
soldiers. In which the soldiers grave their
parole. This was received and held in
abeyance. The insurgents then said that
Asr.lnaldo desired to end the war and
send a civil commission for conference,
ar.d were informed that it would not be
received. They will be sent beyond the
lines to-morrow. The whole affair Is be
lieved to be a. ruse to obtain some ac
knowledgment by the United States au
thorities. The soldiers returned were
strafrjrlers from within our lines captured
by robbers. They were obliged to sim
parol»s= to secure their release, though
they refused to sign. The whole affair is
of no significance and is viewed as an at
tempt at masquerading. OTIS.
Minister Bryan Returns
NEW YORK, Oct. I— Colonel Charles
P. Eryar. Minister to Brazil, was a pas
senger on th^ German steam-r Liverno
from Rio de Janeiro ar.d P^rr.p.mbuco.
Colonel Bryan will
co to Waahington to-morrow.
Large Sum to Relieve Famine.
SIMLA. 0 ' i— lt is estimated that the
■
relieve fam;r.-= In the centra!
- imJ that the '.ocal chiefs must
:-ast one-third of that amount
■
AD VEBTI SEaTEUT S.
I Was Fat,
Now I Am Lean.
.. - .. ..-
Dp. Edison's Obesity Pills and
Obesity Salts— 2o Years' Test.
\ Best and Safest; Never Injures
the Health.
Gives Strength and Health, Whilo
Reducing Flesh.
We Offer $100.00 in Gold to Any
One Who Can Prove That These
Testimonials Arc Not Genuine.
Mr. James Rhind. 421 W. 3Sth St.. N. T.
i City, lost 21 pounds on a month's treat-
i ment.
Mr. C. B. Brady. 905 E. "th St.. Austin,
i Tex., reduced 72 pounds in 3 months on
Reducing Tablets and Obesity Band. Ab-
! domen reduced 6 inches:
Mrs. Emma LeFevre. 108 W. S9th St..
! N. Y. City, reduced 20 pounds and V~t
■ ! Inches In waist measure on first month's
! | treatment.
1 Sam'l Robinson. Policeman of the Cen-
■ tral Detail, stationed Washington and
State Sts., Chicago. Reduced 25 pounds
in twenty-six days.
Mrs. G. E. Gregory, Dresden. Kas., re-
! duced from IS2 to 165 pounds on two bot-
; ties of Reducing Tablets and is convinced
that the cure is permanent.
M. Theadon. 4SI Grand Aye.. Chicago.
took two months' treatment and was re-
\ duced 40 pounds and cured of rheumatism
; and kidney troubles.
Mrs. J. H. White. Park City, Utah. My
testimonial is that I have taken your
i combined treatment and have lost 2S
i pounds in one month. Never felt better
in my life and think it is a great remedy.
F. O. Woodman. 441 3Sth St.. Chicago
( prominent Odd Fellow), Supt. Freedman
Mfg. Co., Stock Yards. Chicago, reduced
: 51 pounds in weight and 13 inches at waist
| line in five weeks by Dr. Edison's treat-
i ment.
Mrs. Ellen D. Campbell. 516 E. South
j St.. Warren, 0., was reduced from 175 to
i 125 pounds by using one month's treat-
i ment of Pills and Reducing Tablets. Can,
; walk long distances and feels better In
many other ways.
Price of Dr. Edison's Obesity Salt. $1.00
a package: Pills, $1.50. or 3 for $4.00. Free
! advice about obesity from our New York
Medical Department. Write and describe
your case. We forward goods promptly.
No printing on our envelopes. Our goods
are kept in stock by the leading drug-
i gists.
SEND FOR BOOK ON OBESITY.
LORING & CO.. Ltd Dept. 136,
i No. 42 W. 22d St.. near 6th Aye.. N. T.
CALIFORNIA
STANDARD OIL
COMPANY.
Vacation of Property and Oil Wells.
McKITTRICK. KERN CO.. CAL.
OFFICERS:
J M. MERRELL President
WILLIAM J. DINGEE Vice President
DIRECTORS:
C. H. KING JAMES T. HAMILTON.
M J. LAYMANCE.
WALTER C. BEATIE Treasurer
i OFFICES.
Riv^rr 15-15, second floor. 460 Eighth it..
Mills bldg.. San Francisco. Oakland, C&l.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Fidelity and Casualty
COMPANY
OF HEW YORK, in the State of New York.
on the 31st day of December. A. D. UK.
! and foe the year ending- on that day, as made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the Stata
of California, pursuant to the provisions of
sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by th» Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
\ Cash KSO.POOOO
ASSETS. ~~
: Real Estate owned by Company — }£70,532 07
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1.045 375 23
| Cash in Company's Office 34.14178
Cash in Banks 41.976 53
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Leans 2.CIS 57
Rents due and accrued 2.053 10
Fremiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 231.06033
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks, rein-
surance reserve deposit 19.25S 91
Total Assets ..$3.109.731 68
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense »:7?.4T5 38
Losses resisted, including expenses
(of which $373,400 CO are resisted
for insured) 333.237.55
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, $ : reinsur-
ance SO per cent 1.435.C25 S4
Gross premiums en Risks running
more than one rear, i ; rein-
" surance pro rata 172.541 55
All other liabilities 4S.OSS 90
Total Liabilities ..$2.:79.441 85
INCOME
Net Cash actually received for pre-
miums $3,299,345 SO
Received for interest and dividends
en Bonds. Stocks. Leans and from
all other sources 73.15S 33
Received for nts 56.053 3*
Received from all other sources 11.633 91
Total Income 356. 279 42
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing $ . losses of previous
year*) *. t1.541.09S 03
Dividends to Stockholders 50.000 00
Pa!d or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 54' V.50 34
Paid for Salaries Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc — 134.773 02
Paid for State. National and local
taxfs B.HIH
All other payments and expenditures 475.23? 95
Total Expenditures ..$3.100.252 16
Losses incurred during th" year $1,275,004 20
GEO. F. SEWARD. President.
ROBT. J. HILLAS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this
10th day of February. 1593.
E. A. RABNER. Notary Public
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT,
S. C PARDEE,
Resident Manager and Attorney.
, MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
fw FAVORITE
H FOR WEAK WO M E .
-' dHfSt*^f*><- 1 B!t *» '» » Don-rotscno^
t*"jSUß^^^t2>& rrtr.edj for Gonorru-:^
jfW- CCHE^^B C-\i*t. Spermatorrhoea*
£%»?w ia i tc i i»r«- fg "l«tM. nanatur*! li*.
Sgfrf Gunawd . Q rr .^r<es. or any inflH-iift.
m*i»3 bo« to Hrioure. lion, irritation or cicera*
E*~d[.' > r«Teaa coatapaa. tion of in a com ai'ta-
WZ*VHiEwil3 CHEWrn Rq branea. Non-aatriogeat.
M»^:<HC:W«AT),U BPH| Sold *>? Or»«si»t»,
Ns&gjW c*. a. \psiZ s « at l 0 Pl»in wrspjer,
j^m^^^^jdyri 1 7 -xr.--s«. prepaid, fa*
<»A«HSira»l| fl-00, -•■' 3 bottles, «2.73.
. ~»^jj§2g§£PV ■ Circaui Mat c* r»i|-<f*-
34
ENGLAND IS SHIPPING WAR
BALLOONS INTO SOUTH AFRICA
General Sir Evelyn Wood Crossing the Buffalo River, Between
Newcastle and Vryhird, With the Fifteenth Hussars on a Recon
noitering Expedition During the Last British-Boer War.
LOI
■
s
■
i, the "War I
tary bailor
■
f the vrar scare is an e<3
van. ■ Ing 1 eighte«
In.thi for the wheat o: : .
A telegram from Paris announces
that M. Arnai president of the In
ternational Arbitration and Peace
League, has sent an appeal to Lord
Salisbury entreating him to choose a
power to act with a power chosen by
the Transvaal with the object of avert
ing war.
Montague White, Consul General for
the South African Republic in London,
said this morning that h* tele-graphed
President Kruger yesterday urging him
to make a personal appeal to Lord
Salisbury dwelling- upon the iniquity of
the war and proposing- a statement a3
a basis "of further negotiations.
He said he was 1 ;■'
- '
tcooi ; ...-■"!. -vent
I - state-
I
this
■
Ijord
■
■
: . TELEGRAPH TO DAWSON.
■Line Erected by the Canadian Gov-
ernment Completed.
SKA<?CAY, Alaska, Sept. 29 'via
£=->.t'tl<?. Wash.. Oct. 3.)— The Canadian
;Gov«rnm«it telegraph line was completed
ru'Baw.v.c yesterday,
' The Dominion lire reaches from Bennett
to Daws-K, ar.<i the wires of ths Wnlte
Pas? and T';kor. Railroad cover the
distance between Skagvay aad Bennett
Th<i first 21'rssasf' w as to the jllnlster oi
Public Works at Ottawa;
Dependabit Drugs
■ Price
Quality . j
■■ Service
Most people like to buy where
purest Qualities are sold at low-
est prices — and good service
'goes \vith every sale.
Just such conditions make
oar business continue to grow.
..Nelson's Foot Comfort 20c
' . A new powder in onvealent
fms for the comfort of r.ch-
. fng and pinched feet. Tight
■.; shoes do not hurt the feet
■- when sprinkled with Nel-
son's Foot Comfort
Red Raven Splits 15c
Advertised In " Billy Bax-
ter's Letters." Cools the
Wood. Acts on the liver.
Carter's* Little Liver Pills 1 5c
Carter's Lithia Tablets 25c
Carter's Dyspepsia Tablets 40c
Carter's Cascara Compound 25c
Carter's Hair Renewer 50c
Pinkham's Compound 75c
Pierces Prescription 75c
Pierces Medical Discovery 75c
/ ,'^V 1128 MAH RET ST., S. F.
UsH^) TEL. SOUTH 38«
10th 4 BROADWAY man sob OAKLAND
PARIS. Oct. ±— A numl
■ Lt 1
• matutn to El
• - tx "■: ". the within
hours. The papers
ulate Pr
-
: the Secretary of State for the Colonies,
I Mr. Chamberlain; to wire to South Af-
I rSca further assurances with regard to
i the British desire to respect the com
! plete independence of the Transvaal.
\ No confirmation of this is obtainable
t in official circles.
The dispatches from Newcastle, Na
; tal, report that telegraphic communica
; tion is interrupted beyond Charlestown,
: Where the store? have been looted by
; the natives since the departure of the
1 whites. Stories of the movements of
' Boers and British, and of the hurried
i muster and dispatch of troops on both
! sides have come from other points. A
■ telegram from Ladysmithi Natal, says
; that the Orange Free State troops have
j occupied and closed Bothas Pass on the
'Free 'State border and that Command
j ant Allrlche, chief of the Free State Ar
; tlll^ry, is proceeding: in the direction of
' Klmberly with a considerable force of
; artillery. Another force of artillery,
! under Commandant Boning:, has gone
!to HarrisnSth. while Commandant
i Smith commands a force of artillery en
I route for Kroonstadt.
Th^ latest news received from Johan
nesburg, filed there yesterday, indicates
that, the last rush of Europeans to leave
the town has occurred. They crowded
the trains like sardines in a box, oc
cupylr.gr every possible inch on the
trucks. There is considerable anxiety
with regard to the few who remain be
hind, as communication seems to be
out oft*.
The Minir.? Commissioner stated offi
cially that the proclamation of Septem
ber 2? relating to the protection of
BEAUTY OF
THE GLACIERS
HAS VANISHED
Nature Mars Her Own Won
derful Handiwork in
Alaska.
BY HAL HOFFMAN.
JUNEAU, Alaska. Sept. 30 (via Seat
:. 3).— The general effect
ent earthquakes on Alaksn
ra is most d< plorabte from a
at of view.
The foster glacier up the Taku Inlet,
next to the Muir, prob
ably :;Down glacier in Alaska,
la <:. example of this. "While not as
large as the Muir, it was more pictur
dotnes and pinnacles of
I; = beauty has been almost com
pletely destroyed, and it may take a
iry*B action of the elements to
huiid It up fgain to its former height
and gra nceur.
Johi: Davies of Juneau, ■who owns a
custom stamp mill, as well as the little
steams Thistle, took an adventurous
Ishman, who wanted to see ice and
plenty of it. up the Taku the other day.
It was the first time any one had at
tempted the trip since the earthquake
inday, September 10. It was seen
that the Foster glacier has slid off down
nearly t< a leyel with the surface of the
water — that is, from the sea level the
glacier runs back at a gentle, rugged
incline— the fine, transparent altitudes
of ioe having slid and crashed Into the
rea.
The Englishman thought he saw
more Ice than he probably ever will
again in the course of his natural life.
What happened the glaciers in Dis
enchantment Bay, near Takutat, has
' been published. Half a mile of ice
, rushed into the water.
Nov.- the question is, what has hap
pened to that gigantic climax of na
ture's handiwork, so well known all
over the country, Muir glacier? Can
it alone of all the principal glaciers In
Alaska have escaped without Injury'?
People hereabouts do not think so.
■vThat makes the uncertainty worse Is
that it Is highly Improbable that there
be any way to find out before the
first tourist ship reaches th°re next sea
son. There are no Indians in the vl
cir.ity, and even If there were this is
the wrong time of the year for them to
venture far from home in cannes. There
is one way in which the effect on Muir
er may be guessed at, and It is a
I pretty good guess, too. If the ocean «ff
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1809.
miners had been withdrawn, and he
therefore advised all Britishers to
leave as soon a? possible.
The Brlt'sh steamer Laipoora, now
in the transport service, arrived last
evening- at Durban, Natal, with field
artillery, a hospital corps and commis
sariat stores from India. The troops
were promptly disembarked and sent
by train up the country.
The Natal authorities have an
nounced that no lore mail? will be
dispatched to the Transvaal until fur
ther notice.
Last Fridays* mail was sent beck
from the frontier.
A I -in dispatch says thai
uage Free Si
len expulsion law Rr.l
■ rrbidding the export of
stock • ■ jsariea
•:g is
procf- - re at a li\ • v -
; Lour-
Portuguese East Africa.
mbled
I the
refugee burghr-r? to uncover during the
■
niai- " era! Englishmen, Btab
blng one and kicking and tr i
I
that two ladies jeously as
ted at Per; •
th^ fare by a
the railway ca'
v.-in': •' c ' ther struck I y
.ip=ai". •
BRITISH TROOPS SAID
TO HAVE CROSSED BORDER
BLOEMFONTEIN, S. A.. Oct. 3.— The
Landrost of shot telegraphs that the
British troopi have crossed the boro>r
frnm Kitnberly.
LONDON, Oct. 4.— A special dispatch
from Pretoria dated Monday pays the
meeting of the Raad adjourned at 11 i
Cape Spencer, cr Icy Strait on the ]
mainland - ■ > ; ay- are i
prett;.
tion !s that some of it came from Muir
glacier, though there are othei g • -
up That arm of the c"a.
The Alaska Commercial C
steamer Dora, now rlue here from the
westward, sails through Cr
and Icy Strait. Captain Johansen may
be able to throw gome light on the mat-
MINERS WATCH
BIG DREDGERS
Interesting Day Spent
at Orovilie.
Special D'.ewttch to The CaiL
OROVILLE, Oct. 3.— The mining en
gineers' party experienced to-day in
and around Oroville one of the most
delightful days of its trip. After an
early breakfast on the train, which ar
rived during- the night, the visitors dis
covered close to the depot a feature of
California mining which delighted
them more than have some big quartz
mines. Close to the depot some Chi
nese were mining bedrock gravel
through a small shaft and working it
in. a primitive rocker.
Twenty carriages soon speeded the
party down the Feather River to visit
gold dredgers, six of which are oper
ating along a stretch of six miles of the
river banks. All the dredgers of dif
ferent type were visited and the pon
derous machinery and gold-saving de
vices were closely studied. They saw
great machines costing $35,000 each
which will handle 2000 cubic yards of
gravel a day at a cost of from 3 to 7
cents a yard, and learned that around
Oroville alone are many square miles
of deep gravel beds yielding 15 cents
or more a cubic yard, which can be
worked only by this process, yet new in
the California mining field. A fine lun
cheon was -prepared and served near
one of the dredgers by committees of
Oroville's hospitable men and women.
Some of Bntte County's big orange
and fig orchards gave surprise and dJe
■. and in town a special county
mineral exhibit, which Included several
thousand dollars' worth of gold speci
mens, was displayed. Among the m;.in
features of the varied entertainment
elaborately arranged by local commit
tees was a banquet in the evening. The
party will arrive at lone In the morn
ing for the mother lode trip*, which will
end Thursday night, th» visit to
Tuolumne County having been cut out.
To Cure La Grippe in Two Days
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugffipts refund the money if It fails :o c:re.
£. W. Grove's sijfnature Is on each box. 2Cc.
; o'clock In the morning, and that only a
) legal quorum of members was present.
[ President Kruger, addressing the mem
bers, described the war as unjust and- un- j
necessary, and denied that the Oui [era !
wanted the franchise.
Lucas Meyer, the chairman, said the
! real purpose of the British was "bo! to
j gain Naboth's vineyard."
The Transvaal reply. It Is reported. Is !
now ready for dispatch, and only awaits
the receipt of the British, note.
Continuing, the correspondent says: i
"I understand that the landing of further ;
troops will be regarded as a casus belli. ]
Four members 01 the Government will
t take command of the command
| Commandant General Joubert. started for
th Natal border to-day with his staff."
A dispatch from Newcastle, Natal, re
! ports that Commandant General Joubert
j has gone to Vryheid.
; The Pietermarltzburg correspondent of
i the Daily Mall says he believes martial
i law will be declared In Natal with a view
of preventing the Natal Dutch from,
j joining the Boers.
i The staff of General Sir Rodvers Buller.
I who Is to command the British forces In
j South Africa, has been officially gazetted.
. It is the largest since the Crimean war.
] The Standard's correspondent at New
j castle, Natal, telegraphing Monday night,
i«ay=:. "The forward movement of tho
i Boer forces, which threatened the Natal '
i frontier, has been suddenly arrested. A
i majority of the hurphers who had gath- |
I ered on the heights northeast and ea-st of i
i Newcastle have fallen back on their
i original base near Sandsfrult.
j The Daliy Telegraph's correspondent at
Pietermarltzburg says Commandant Gen
| eral Joubert's policy is defensive. ■
According to the Cape Town corre
! spondent of the Dally News, W. P.
Schrelner, Premier of Cape Colony, has
refused an application from Klmberly
that the inhabitants be allowed to form
! a town guard, bat Sir Alfred Milner has j
' granted the application over the heads of
! the Cape authorities.
The correspondent also says the Free
! State command invests Kimberly, where i
' defensive preparations are being actively ;
' carried on. Boer commanders are massed |
; at Boshof and Jacobsdale, both In the i
; Free State, near Klmberly. It Is believed, !
i however, that In a few days Kimberly <
' will be impregnable, provided there are ;
i sufficient troops to man the defense?. •
MARVELOUS WORK OF
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Continued From Second Page,
i after the bulletins ceased a dispatch
; came along saying that the system had
; woiked perfectly all day. Ther
been no interruptions:, and the only de
lay htul I ot Flight importance
arid that was on the land wires leading
from Xavesink into the office of the
Hi raid and The Call.
Thursday and on succeeding race
j days the steamship Ponce will leave her
pier at 9 o'clock instead of half past
9. This will make it certain that those
on '.he steamship will be enabled to see
j the yachts go over the line for the start.
Prior to the yacht races the Herald and
j The Call received from the American
Wireless Telegraph and Telephone
i Company an official letter Btatlng that
they were the owners of the Doibear
::t?. covering, they claimed, all
rights to wireless telegraphs and tele
phones In the United States, and that
they formally pretested against the use
of the Marconi system in reporting the
; cup events. The letter furtiu-r stated
that while reserving all rights to take,
. in the immediate future, such legal ac
i tlon in the matter as they might decide
. upon, they did not propose to interfere
■with and stop. the Kerala and The Call
Marconi reports, but desired it distinct
; ly understood that they made such tem
porary waive solely in the interest of
science and because of the great public
j interest in this important demonstra
tion of practical wireless telegraphy.
Professor Doibear and hi? associate?
have for year? been experimenting' on
wireless telegraphy with most s&tisfac
, tory results, and in liS6 a patent was
issued to Professor Doibear, with which
the company claims that the Marconi
patent conflicts. But in the company's
rteoua and public-spirited letter
they decline to seek to interfere with
up race reports by the Herald and
The Call. Professor Dolbc-ar's work
and the results he has obtained show
the active interest that- is being taken
in this field of science by American ln
\ ventors, and in the near future the
American Wireless Telegraph and Tele
phone Company intend to give a pub
lic exhibition of the workings of their
system.
ON BOARD STEAMER
GRANDE DUCHESSE
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Every bulletin
sent by Signor Marconi from the steam
ship Ponce by his •wireless system of
telegraphy was alphabetically spelled on
a receiver in the captain's cabin of the
Grande Duchesse. W. J. Clarke, general
manager of the. United States Electrical
Supply Company of this city, was in
charge and directed the sending 1 and re
ceiving of messages. Far from the Ponce,
INDIANS
ATTACK PARTY
OF LINEMEN
Eventful Journey of Chief
Constructor of Telegraph
Lines for Mexico,
THREE MEN KILLED
Reporis That Much Property Has
Been Destroyed and Many
Murders Committed.
Special Dlsr>atch to The Call.
AUSTIN, Texas, Oct. S A '5] .itch
from Ortiz, state of Sonora, snys that
Jose Lopez Gonsales, chief constructor
of Federal telegraph '.ires in that state,
hag arrived at Ortiz from itful I
trip throughout the Yuqui Indian coun
try, •where he was sent a few. weeks
ago to repair the Federal telegraph
lines whi<h had been cut by the war
ring Indians. Senor Gonzales had a
force of fifteen telegraph linemen and
an escort of Mexican cavalry. Start
ing from it ; . • .-,r the south of the
River, the party traveled up the
valley for a di> i iver 200 miles. ,'
They found that the telegraph vein
had been cut at a number of pla
and just north of Cocori over twenty
flve miles of poles had beer, destroyed
and the wire carried off. It took some
time for the party to repair this bad
break, and while they were at work
three attacks were made upon them by
bands of Yaquis. In one of these at
. tacks three Mexican soldiers were
Bencr Gonzales states that it
: und impossible to keep the -.
Intact, as t] . • it them a> t
■ airs had been made, and the '
work was abandoned. He stated there
are a large number of t
li Indians in the STaqui Valley and
them own large farms, \vl
they are tilling. These civilized and
era of the tribe have re
fused to go on the warpath and ars '
lly to the Mexican soldiers and ;
Americans, wh tly stop at their
this
time these peaceable Indians have not !
sted by the warring members j
of the ■ the Mes
suffering seven
- Ids by the braves.
A large amount of valuable property
has '. ■ . b1 -yt-a and a number of
mmltted by the Indians.
□sales and his party
across five American mining men n
• I thorn out of the '
: hostile country. There are very few
miner? remaining in the Taqui Valley. i
rs that the Mexican \
j troops are prepared for a hard v. .
campaign against the Indians, and he
-res the belief that the uprising
I c put down before tbe rainy sea-
C next April. lie was in
formed by friendly Yaquis that Teta-
Llate, the old chief of the tribe, was
rty by the warriors on j
j the promise that h? -will not render any
[aid to the Mexican Government against
them. Th^ aged ex-chief is expected
jto arrive at Torin in a few days. The
\ Indians are not making any aggressive
j movement against the Mexican troops, ;
! being content to remain in their own j
territory and to r=sist any encroach- •
orient upon the large domain over which
they held undisputed sway for bo long.
As soon as sufficient reinforcements
arrive the Mexican troops will make a
concerted advance on the Indians from
the upper nnd lower sections of
the Ynqui country. The report has ;
■tiz that General Francisco
: Ramirez, commander of all the Ruralea
■ forces of Mexico, will arrive at Guay
the latter part of the month and
take the field against the Yaquis at the
head of two regiments of Rurales,
which will be pent from Mazatlan and
taken up the Yt';ui River on trans
ports. Many of these Rurales were for
merly bandits^ and are looked upon as
the best mountain fighters in the world.
I near another part of the great ocean race- j
! course, the key on the Grande Duchesse !
| work- in perfect sympathy with that j
undrr the hands of Signor Marconi's ex- >
ports. The transmitter was a specially |
designed transformer, by which Mr. j
Clarke also converted the light current j
| of a small storage battery into a current j
i of hundreds of thousands of volts.
Mr. Clarke's transformer was connected j
by ordinary Insulated wires with- the mov- j
ing air Immediately above the foremast ■
1 and the sea water beneath the keel of i
the Grande Duchesse. Down the vertical j
i wire strung from the masthead the elec- j
; trie waves coming from the Ponce were |
j carried Into the receiving room of the j
I Grande Ducnesse and printed the dots .
and dashes upon an ordinary Morse in- j
strumenL The English International sys- I
tern was used. When the current from j
j a powerful battery was turned for send- i
ing: messages the perpendicular wire was. j
: readily charged and discharged and the j
message passed to its destination.
There were many passengers on the j
Grande Duchesse who were interested in \
the experiments carried on at the tele- I
graph station aboard the ship. They i
crowded into the narrow cabin occupied j
by the mysterious instruments and puz- >
J zled over the connecting rows of batteries '•
I and yards of message- bearing tape. The !
young women and men on board carried ;
away all the specimens they could obtain
as souvenirs. More than five hundred
• persons saw the instruments during the
six hours they were working and listened
' to the predictions' of scientific men relat
ing to their future.
Among the visitors were: General Felix
Agnus. Anthony W. Brady, William S. j
Clarke, Maurice Gran, E. Berry Wall.
Charles R. Flint, James S. Dumont and
Al Hayraan. j
THE AMERICA'S CUP
AND CONTESTS FOR IT
F.->rty-elght years ago the bravo little
schooner yacht America, built by George
Steers, a young man barely of age, and
commanded by Commodore John C. Ste
vens cf the New York Yacht Club, ran
across the Atlantic to England, and sail
ing in the only race allowed her en the
programme of the Royal Yacht Squadron,
against sixteen competitors, the best in
the United Kingdom, captured the 100
-guinea trophy, since known as "the Amer
ica'a cup," and brought it back to Xew
York, where it has since remained, not.
however, for want of effort oa the part of
the Britishers to regain it. Ten times,
counting the present contest, have they
come over in their best built and fastest
flyers in full confidence of carrying back
the prize, and nine times have they gone
Kt.-k empty handed.
The r.cw famous cup was won by the
America in th 9 regatta of the Royal
Yacht Squadron August 22. ISSI, over a
course which lay around the Isle of Wight
and over which she beat her nearest op
ponent by over six miles. It remained the
property at the surviving owners of the
yacht, John C. Stevens. George L.. Schuy.
ler and Hamilton Wilkes. until 1557, when
it was presented to the New York Yacht
Club as a perpetual international chal
lenge cup. The New York club accepted
the custodianship and responsibility of de
fending the <"up. and sent copies' of the
conditions under which they held it to
yacht club of any consequence in
the world. Though the English clubs
were still quit^ sore over the Victory of
the America and the loss of the cup, they
CHOICE OF SACRAMENTO
REPUBLICANS FOR MAYOR
George H. Clark Nominated by the City
Convention Without an Opposing
Voice.
G. H. CLARK, Republican Nominee for Mayor of Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 3.—Tl • ■ -laced in
the field as the Republican candidate for Mayor at the -
the name of George H. t."?iik. a popular young Sar: . - served
eral terms in responsible posi-: nty. Mr. t:; ; >rk had no opposition
for the p; a^'«'
wing him, C. C. Rdbertson (Incumbent) was nominated for City Auditor
and A^rjfyr. J. D. Young (incumbent) for Treasurer, A. L. Frost (incumber.-
City Attorney and A. A. Deligne (in< umtx nt) for City Attorney.
Trus: r© also nominated from the &cvi
k; Sixth, James O'lsVi',: i 1 " tan C. Ing; Eighth. '-
Hook.
School Directors— First Ward. E. D. Kay: Third Ward. J. A. Gr-eer.; F
Ward, Herman Meir; Seventh Ward. Matt Flyr.n; Ninth Ward, P. S. I .
The Cit - ■ ■ to-night in execul ■ ate an
opposition ticket, but postponed action on! .
cratic Convent. et Thursda te will, It is believed,
be R. D. Stephens, a prominent orcharo.ist and former 1 of Sacramento,
waited several years longer Deiore matt
ing' an effort to regain it.
In ISi James Ashbury of England made
the- first challenge, and sent over his
yacht Cambria to try for it. The race
was sailed on August 8, I*7o, under pre
cisely similar conditions to those under
which the America had won the trophy—
the Cambria against the New York Yacht
Club's best, as the America had raced the
best of the Royal Yacht Squadron. Mr.
Ashbury's effort failed, several of the
New York boats beating the Cambria, the
Magic, the leader, being 2? minutes 32.7
seconds ahead of her at the linish. Tne
race was over the N*ew York Yacht Cluo
course.
Mr. Ashbury was not disheartened,
however, and • directly upon his ar
rival in England gare orders for
a new yacht, which he called the
Livonia, and in May, IS7I, Bent over
his second challenger. Five races in ail
were sailed this time, the Livonia trying
the Columbia on October 16, 18 and .19, and
the Sappho on the 21st and 23d, and being
well beaten each rime.
The third challenge came from Ma;
Charles Gifford of the Royal Canadian
Yacht Club, in April, IS7C. It was ac
cepted, and his boat, the Countess of Dur
ferin, was beaten in two races, August
11 and "- •" by the Madeline.
The fourth effort came also from Can
ada but after an interim of five years.
On May 6 ISSI, Captain Alexander Cuth
bert, who had commanded the Countess
of Dufferin In her races in 1576, sent a
challenger for the. cup, with a request
that the six months' notice be waived, as
had been done before. This was agreed
to and on November 9 and 10, 1881; the
New York yacht Mischief beat Captain
Cuthbert's yacht Atalanta the first day
by 28 minutes, and the second by nearly
to minutes, sixteen miles to leeward and
return from buoy off Sandy Hook.
Sir Richard Sutton, owner of the swift
English yacht Genesta, next undertook to
beat the Americans, and February 28, I?ST>,
an official challenge in her behalf came
from the Royal Yacht Squadron. She
came over, and on September 14 and 16
measured her speed with that of the
Puritan, first over the New York Yacht
Club course and next twenty miles to lee
ward off Sandy Hook lightship and re
turn. She fared as did her predecessors
In the effort, being well beaten both days.
The sixth contest came In liS6, and was
brought about by a challenge from an
Irish naval officer, Lieutenant Kunn.R. N.,
who brought over the Galatea to be
beaten by the Mayflower on September 9
over the New York Yacht Club course by
12 minutes, and on the 10th over twenty
miles to leeward of Sandy Hook lightship
and return by 29 minutes.
In I ST the seventh challenger for the
cup appeared in the person of Vice Com
modore James Bell of the Royal Clyde
Yacht Club. His yacht, the Thistle, came
over the next year and sailed against the
Volunteer in two races, being beaten by
19 minutes over the New York Yacht Club
course on September 27, 1887, and again
on the 30th over twenty miles off Scotland
lightship and return by 12 minutes.
The eighth challenger was Lord Dun
raven of recent memory. He brought over
In 1593 the vaunted Valkyrie and had her
beaten by the Morgan-Iselln syndicate
yacht Vigilant on October 7, over fifteen
miles off Sandy Hook lightship and re
turn: on the 10th over a triangular course
of thirty miles off Sandy Hook lightship,
and on" the 13th over fifteen miles off
Sandy Hook lightship and return; the first
day by 6 minutes, the second by 10 min
utes and the third by 50 seconds.
In 1895 the ninth challenge was made for
the cup by the Dunraven syndicate. Lord
Dunraven brought over the Valkyrie 111
to try issues with the Defender. The In
cidents and outcome of that race as told
at length in The Call at the time are still
quite fresh in the minds of the public.
The American gave the British boat a
time allowance of 29 1-10 seconds ar.d beat
her on the first day (September 7) by S
minutes 49 seconds over the Sandy Kook
course, crossing the line over two miles
ahead of her. On the 10th the Valkyrie
111 beat the Defender over the triangular
course by 49 seconds, but having fouled
her at the start the committee gave the
race to the American yacht. Lord Dun
raven withdrew his boat before the next
race and the Defender went over the
course alone, winning all three races, as
had been done by the preceding defenders
of the cup.
ELEVENTH CONTEST FOR
THE AMERICA'S CUP
In 1897 Sir Thomas Johnston Upton, the
self-made multi-millionaire merchant, <
, joined the Royal Ulster Yacht Club of
■ Belfast. Ireland, with the purpose of get
ting that club to challenge in his behalf
for the America's cup, held by the New
York Yacht Club for nearly fifty years.
; despite the tfn strong contests made at
: intervals to carry it back across the At
lantic. August 24, Sir Charles Russell,
representing the Royal Ulster Yacht Club,
who had assumed Sir Thomas L»ipton's
challenge, met the cup committee of the
Ne'w_York_Yacht_Club_and presented the
' challenge, the acceptance "of ■which "was
at once signified.
On September 6 the challenge commit
tee of the Royal Ulster Yacht riub met
; the cup committee of the New York Yacht
i Club in Commodore J. Pierpont Morgan's
| office and agreed upon the conditions of i
I the contest, as follows: The races to bs
I ever the Sandy Hook course: the mater
■ to be decided by the best three out of five
races over courses as nearly as possible
■ thirty nautical miles in length, starting
from Sandy Hook lightship; the first
I third and fifth races to tin to windward oi
j leeward and return, ana the second and
j fourth races to be over an equilateral tri
■ angle; the challenger to be informed at
j least one week before the first race what
: vessel is to defend the cup; the first race
i to be sailed Tuesday. October 3, 1899 (r.oi
j later than October 10), and the remaining
I races on Saturdays and Tuesdays follow
i ing, until completed.
GIRL PROBABLY
BURNED TO DEATH
PASADENA. Oct. 3.— lt i 3 believed that
Daisy Prushaw, aged 23 years, has been
burned to death. Myron Hi.:, a. well known
young man. was calling this evening on
Mies Prushaw at her home at 252 Kensing
ton place. At 9 o'clock Hill went away
and Miss Prushaw went upstairs with a
lamp in her hand. She dropped the lamp
and it exploded. Hill saw the flames and
came back. He went upstairs, but was
driven out by the flames and smoke.
The house burned rapidly and the fire
department was late In arriving. Nobody
seemed to realize that perhaps a life was
lost. Nearly a half hour after the fire
had been extinguished a search was start
ed. Policeman Reynolds tried to get into
the girl's room, but it was burned off.
The girl faints easily, and it is thought
she fainted and was burr.cd to : death
Another theory is that the sirl was daz°d
and wandered away. She is not with th«=
others members of the family and they
do not know where she is.
! Man's
le|--* Conti-
?^^^B I r LOST WHEN HIS
1 Wtm nerves -
I>^ ened - The man
&S?si i^p has S : '^''- confidence ie
W&2 «MI h ; s - '■■ - ::• • :r. •
■■ K^ of stro:_. nerves— is the
/'B : . HH one wno meets with
";""-■ K3 success in life.
■■ -3 we!l t0 '
it HI Hi nerves. You an tell it
// MB BJ your nerves are weak
// BJ B| Have, you headaches or
, %& H dizzy spells (Fig. 3>
II ygy Kf hollow eyes or dark
i BJ C r ' n Ss under eyes -(Fig
* j3& W 4 '" flutterln « °f heart
gap* (Fig. 1), a poor appe-
! ate and impaired diges-
Hudyan Is Good tion (Fig. 2), cold hands
50c fill Druggists (Fig. 5) or feet, weak-
ness of limbs (Fig 6)!
Are you pale. thin, haggard, nervous,' de-
spondent? Is your memory poor? Do you
pass sleepless nights? If so . then take
HUDYAX. HUDYAN will avert the dan!
c c that is threatening you, and that dan-
ger is "complete nervous prostration"
f HUDYAX will cure you, sound and well
HUDYAN makes you strong, robust.
hearty, energetic. HUDYAX strengthens
the nerves and nerve centers.
Get HUDYAX from your druggist 50<:
a package; six packages $2.50. If he doe*
not keep it. send direct to the HUDYA.N
REMEDY CO.. corner Stockton, Ellis and
i Market streets. San- Francisco, Cal
CONSULT rJUDYAN DOCTORS ABOUT
! YOUR CASE-FREE. CALL OR^Rirl
RPTTCUFCFOR BARBERS. BAK-
JJllUOiliukJ^^- bootblacks, bath,
tcusea, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers canners'
6j*n, flour mills, foundries laundries. pap*r!
gangers, printers, painters. shoe factorle*.
nabiemen. tar-roofers, tanners, tailor*, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St.
f£ "PATENT^ ■'■
%^3IQ MARKET STT.Sf.^W^JOBBING TRADE
OF CALIFORNIA
IS IN DANGER
Eastern Business Men
Hard at Work.
SCHEME TO STEAL TERRITORY
TRYING TO KILL THE TRANS
CONTINENTAL TARIFF.
Repre»?Titfttives of San Francisco
Houses Go North to Confer With
Other Cities That Are
Equally Interested.
"Penger! Tour business interests are
threatened !** This Inscription was placed
upon tho envelopes recently sent out to
the members of th« Associated Wholesale
Croecrs of California by EL L. Loveland,
their general representative. The matter
6i>r;t to the members under cover justified
the ■warning: upon the envelopes. "You
are confronted to-day with conditions that
have no parallel in the history of this
coast," wrote Mr. Loveland. "I knew of
no better words with which to awaken
your Interest and induce you to read and
carefully consider this, than to say this,
which I sincerely believe to be true: Your
very existence as wholesalers and Jobbers ;
Is threatened."
Then Mr. Loveland explained that the '
6t- Louis Traffic Bureau, supported by
rganlxatlons in Chicago, had brought
suit before the Interstate Commerce Com
mission against tho transcontinental
and contributing lines, demanding
the rates be graded from St. Louis ;
and Chicago east; also, that every point
te Pacific Con?t shall receive the j
Bame, or even a less rate than San Fran- ;
, Sacramento, V irtland, Seattle, To
coma, Los Angeles, San Luego and the
other terminal points have now.
The aim of the Chicago and St. Louis 5
was t" overturn the present trans- 1
Ct, which was agreed upon
at Milwaukee lest year after a very bitter
between the middle West and the .
Paclfl "That tariff," continued
Mr. Loveland in his letter, "recognizes the j
geographical advantages that the Jobbing
rs of the Pacific Coast should have,
and by inalienable right should enjoy.
satisfactory to the carload,
< toast, but It is not
■hose of the middle West. Under
j . Ills and other '
ntera cannot de- |
... ■ ibb -: I isiness of tins coast,
. they could un
do. We claim that they should
ness hei c. It is to r>b us of
and these advantages that
• suit has been brought against
ntlnental lines. I ask you to
y that, while this *'.:it Is
[ dnst railroads, It in in :
>'OU,
Is have nothing that I
the middle West want; they
raply making them a m< ins to ani
md that end is your ter
: ■ \\ Ith y v : ir the trade ;
V . lave s mething
.iiid they are going before
ise, will be a court of last
Is tv help ■
them ■ ide."
tils letter was to amuse
t!,<- m era and jobbers to a sense .
. the business ot' the
tter has been kept very
the n .rthern |
... ma and Portland— ls '
■ that which n- 1 busl
1. representatives of
Ban . - have
nfer with the bust
ling business centers
ut the north. The news has been kept!
from the newspapers, because In th* 1
rned It was 1>- t;er
c the matter a secret for a time. In
time preparations have been
lire to have a mass meeting of Cal
business men called. A committee
ieen appointed, and that committee
■ sterday ai to coi fer.
• Mr. Loveland was that
■ and Job
f • ■ should arrange ,
■ ■ ■ ■ lommerce
• s':rHrlent to show '
' t the m ddl< West 1 ibbers were roak-i
emai In principle- nnd un
shipper in all !
. should be in- :
ie coast, from Seat
ADVERTISEMENTS. '
STOMACHS THAT WONT WORK
That Retain the Food and Refuse to
Digest It, Make the Head Heavy
and the Nerves Weak,
Keoc! Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablet 3.
There Is a cure for dyspepsia. Buffer
who lave i ri< I noxious nostrums will
probably be skeptical, but skepticism
vanishes when Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets are tried. Whether the trouble is
dyspepsia of loner stoniiir:K, or merely a
simple ense of indigestion, relief Is prompt
<i!!d pronounced. Th less the trouble the
fewer tablets need be taken.
Heaviness after eating-, sour stomach,
as indicated by belching, fatigue with
plight exertion, or with no exertion at all,
disturbed sleep, nervousness, constipa-
tion, depression, "blues," these things can
commonly be set down as symptoms of
dyspepsia. And dyspepsia is merely indi-
grstlon in on aggravated form.
By promoting perfect digestion, Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets produce strong nerves,
restful, refreshing sleep, pure blood and
good, sound, healthy flesh. They make
the skin clear, the eyes bright, the mind
cheerfuL
■ Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are a medi-
cine and more than a medicine. They di-
g«-Ht the food and make It easy of assimi-
lation, and they relieve the Inflamed, dis-
f-as>cd condition of the membraneous lin-
ings and the glands of the stomach and
bowels. They help the digestive organs
over the hard places, and put them Into
a •■ ill -.-. active condition. They effect
a quick and permanent cure. You don't
have to continue taking them forever;
I still It is well to have a box handy and
take one at the first return of the trou-
ble.
. Perfectly well people are made sick by
eating too much, or unwholesome food,
but not If they take a tablet after eat-
ing. Treatment with Ktuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets does not necessitate dieting or any
change of habits. They digest the proper
food and let upon the other kind In such
a way as to make It pass off quickly and I
harmlessly. You may eat and drink what
you like, when you like and as much &a '
you like y you take a tablet afterward. '
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold by
air druggists at 50c for full sized package
\u7' r tO wJ'> a. Stuart Co., Marshall!
ailed re '" k °" stomach diseases,
T A 1 STUART'S i/v
I' \jy/[ D y ( 'P»la Tablets ifip
f. VTT I Cut-Itate Druggists 4lrl
* Cut-Rate Druggists * VW
Urug Lo. H2B Market Street. SI F.
IA/. T. HESS,
NOTARY I'OaLIU AND ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW,
Tenth Bloor..Koom IGIS, Clau» Spreckeln Bid*
_  Telephone Brown «31.
Residence. 821 California .t.. below PowelL
Fan Francisco. . 7, 7*
Weak Men and Women
CHOL'LD USE I.'AMIA.NA BITTEMS THF
v* great Mexican remedy; Rtves health and
•trength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market
THE ICEMAN WINS OUT IN A
RACE WITH THE SWELTERING SUN
OLD SOL was real hot about
something yesterday. He
was warm when he cot up in
the morning, and he did not
cool off during the day. Whatever
ailed the old fellow he took his re
venge on San Francisco, and made
a telling attempt to roast the In
habitants to a turn. The soda
water stands and the beer saloons
saved more than one life during
the day and were great factors in
frustrating the evil designs of the
sun.
It was a desperate rac« between
Sol and the ice man, and the ice
man seemed to have the best of it
at the finish. It was a day that
produces languidness in the or
dinary mortal. It called for the
lightest gowns of the girls, who de
fied tho scorching rays and ven
tured out for tho afternoon prom
tie to San Diego, should work along com
mon lines for the protection and preserva
tion of trade.
A copy of the petition of tho St. Louis
Traffic Bureau and other middle West or
ganizations to the Interstate Commi rce
Commission ha? been received lure. One
paragraph in the complaint indicates the
aim of the middle West Jobbers clearly.
That paragraph Is as foliows: "That in
- rates to Intermediate
: • east of Pacific Coast terminals for
the transportation of freight, under sub
stantially similar circumstances and con
ditions, than to San Francisco, Portland,
S< attle am! other common points on tno
Pacific ' Joast . Ihe Bhorter disl a
led In the longer distance, the fourth
n of the act to regulate interstate
commerce is completely lgnoretl and
thereby violated."
That there Is need of concerted action
is the opinion of leading business men.
Mr. Loveland has assured them that tho
railroads will defend the suit against
them only so far ns it If to th< Ir interest
to do bo, and no farther. Tt will be re
membered that a strong fight to have the
tariff enacted that the middle W< Bt Job
ire trying to have abrogated was
made by Messrs. Loveland and W. If.
"Wheeler. Th« fact that the Interstate
Commerce Commlsplon Is the last court
of appeal In the> matter makes the pro
ceedings before the commission in the ]
matter pending of very great interest.
Ladies of St. Brendan's To-Night.
The Imtiea of the Sacred Heart booth
of St. Brendan's fair will hold a "night
at home" this evening. For tho past weeK
the Indies have B?en making active prep
SHOT BY THE
MAN HE WOULD
NOT EMPLOY
Chief Engineer of the Oregon
Short Line Mur
dered.
Soeclal Dlswitch to The Coll.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Oct. 3.— John C.
O'Melveney is dead and Captain J. F.
Mills, formerly Lieutenant Governor of
Idaho and recently connected with the
Becond United States Volunteer En
gineer Retrlment, is in the hands of the
State authorities as the result of a
tragedy which occurred here late this
afternoon.
O'Melveney was the chief engineer of
: the Oregon Short Line Railroad. He
waa In his office about 4 o'clock. It
appears he was alone when Mills en
tered The latter had made application
recently for work in O'Melveney's de
partment, but had not been accepted.
It Is claimed that he blumed O'Mel
veney. He flred three bullets into his
1 victim, then dropped the revolver and
quietly walked to General Traffic Man
ager Eccles' office nnd In the most non
chalant manner informed him of what
he had done. He s^aid:
".Mr. Eccles, i have shot Mr. O'Mel
veney. I told him this morning that I
would do bo, and have kept my word."
Police Officer Lincoln appeared on
the scene about this time nnd said:
"Are you the man who did the shoot-
Ing?" Mills snid Hint h<» was and he
was ;it on'-e put under arrest.
O'Metveney was shot while writing
al a do?k. and the Ink had scarcely
dried on the paper before he was dead.
It appears thore was no one present
v.hen the shooting occurred, and the
exact cause of the tragedy is not
known. _____________
PUNISHMENT METED
THE SCOTSMAN'S CREW
Four Being Convicted Are Sentenced
to One Month's Imprisonment
at Hard Labor.
I..IVERPOOL., Oct. 3.— Four greasers,
three firemen and two coal trimmers of
the British steamer Scotsman, wrecked
September 21 in the straits of Belle Isle,
who were arrested on arrival here from
Queenstown, were charged this morning
with the possession of goods belonging to
the passengers of the Scotsman and for
mally arrested.
Four, having been previously convicted,
were sentenced to a month's Imprison
ment at hard labor. The others v.-ere
lined £2 and costs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,
enade. Men managed te> keep cool
under the circumstances in the
Eame old way.
Alexandi r McAdie, who attends
to the weather arrangements for
this end of the country, insists that
the hot spell is no fault of bis. An
aerial high pressure Is blamed for
It all. It came from the north, and
when it got over San Francisco it
bulged right down on us before we
had a chance to say "Jack Robin
!-'■:.." Th< same hlsh pressure has
affected the weather in Colorado
nnd I 'tali and points along the
Rocky Mountains, but its action In
those sections has been directly op
poslte to what It has been here,
■ Instead of neat.
Sir. M .''■:''<■ • splains this on the
theory that we get the light east
nnd southeast winds and the
strong west wind laden with fog.
which, with the combination of
hl^h pressure, produces tho swel
tering weather and makes good
arations and a good time- is assured to all.
Last evening Father Riordan of Berkeley
and Fath< rs Horan and Harry of St.
Patrick's parish wire the guests of
Father Nugi nt and Quinn of Bt. Bren
dan's. Thi following ladies have charge
of the "night at home": Mrs. Hogari,
Mrs. Walsh. Mis. Cavanaugh, Mr?. Leni
han, Mrs. Rvan, Miss Curley, Annie Mc-
Carthy, Annie Madden, Miss Bapaiogno,
Annie Cavanaugh, Miss Bernheim, Kitty
Bailey and May Me Sherry.
CALIFORNIA'S "HY JYNKS."
A Visit by Cabinet Officers to a
Council of the National Union.
The San Francisco Cabinet of the Na
tional Union paid an official visit last
right to California Council in Klks' HalL
In addition to a full representation of the
membership there were present aoout 150
r members of tlie order from the
councils and the one In Berkeley.
The visitors were welcomed by President
11. A. Graves, aitd niter The business ot
the evening was over there was a "hy
ivnks," which was sired by \V. A. 8.
Nicholßon, whoso witty remarks In intro
ducing thnqe who were called upon to
entertain kept the jolly crowd In a roar of
laughter. 'I here were addresses by I*.
Vincent, President Coleman of Berkeley
Council, Senator James K. Fit-Id; X. R.
Arter, president of the cabinet; Sergeant
SteHe of the Minnesota Regiment; Cor
poral Donaldson, and Richard ].fe. a
member of the council and late a volun
teer in the i-":;>t California Regiment;
vocal music by the National quartet;
tenor polo from "Martha" by F. Purdy;
BOUNDARY OF
VENEZUELA FIXED
End of the Long-Stand
ing Dispute.
♦
COMPROMISE OF THE CASE
» ■
COMMISSION'S AWARD IS
UNANIMOUS.
— ♦■ —
Ex-President Harrison Receives a
Handsome Commission for His
Services as Attorney
in the Case.
Special Dlsuetch to The Ca.U.
PARIS, Oct. 3.— By the direction of the
; Anglo-Venezuelan Arbitration Commls
: elon some of Great Britain's claims as to
j the Interior and on the coast are disal
' lowed. Her frontier will start at the
M'ainl River.
The award was unanimous. It waa con
j sldcred in tlie nature of a compromise,
rather than as favoring 1 Venezuela. It waa
read at 12:05 p. m.
The decision, which was read by M. F.
Demartlns, the umpire who has presided
over the deliberations of the tribunal, is
as follows:
"The undersigned, by these presents,
give and publish our decision determining
and judging touching- and concerning the
q testiona that have been submitted to us
with paid arbitration, we decide, declare
with paid arbitration we decide, declare
and pronounce definitely that the line of
frontier of the colony of British "iuiana
and the I'nited Stales of Venezuela is aa
follows:
"Starting on the coast at Point Playa,
the frontier Khali follow a straight line
to the confluence of the Barlma and the
Maruima, thence following the Thalwug
of the latter to source of the Cocrentin,
otherwise called the Cutari River.
"Tbence it shall proceed to the eonflu
encf of the Halwa and the Arnakuru;
thence following the Thaiweg of the Ama
kuru to Its soun-e in th« plain of Ima
tika; theiK-o in a southerly direction along
the highest ridge of the Imatlka Moun
tains to the highest point of the Imatika
chain, opposite the source of the Barima
»md til-- principal chain of the Imatika
Mountains; thenoo in a southeast direc
tion, to the source of the Acarabi?i.
"Following the Thaiweg of the Acara
bisi to the Cuuyni, the northern bank of
which it shali follow in a westerly direc
tion to the confluence of the Cuuyni and
tho Vanamu; thence, along- the Thaiweg
of the Vanamu to Its westernmost source;
thence in a .straight line to the summit of
Mount BOrariaa; thence to the source of
the Collnga. From this point the frontier
shail follow the Thaiweg- of the Colinga to
Its confluence with th<- Takulu; then along
the Thalv.eg uf the 'J"a.kulu to Its source,
thence In a straight lino to the most west
ern point of the Aketrari Mountains tho
highest ridg-e of which It shall follow to
the source of the Corentin, whence it will
follow the course of the river."
The award of tho tribunal, briefly sum
business for the ice man and the
vender of cool, refreshing bever
ages.
The thermometer reached its
highest mark yesterday at 2
o'clock, when it registered 84.5 de
grees. It was 7S at noontime and
82 at 1 o'clock in the afternoon.
This Is by no means the hottest
day the city has experienced, al
though no one has yet been found
with a cheerful answer to the old
question, which was revived yes
terday, "Is it hot enough for you?"
No deaths were reported, either
from the excessive heat or from
propounding the dangerous query.
In June. 1891, the temperature
reached 100 degrees, and the high
est It has ever reached hero dur
ing the month of Octobt r was In
1894, When it crawled up sis high as
g9 one sunny afternoon. The
weather bureau predicts that the
hot spell will be with us for a few
days longer.
a three-round boxing exhibition by D.
Barry of the Olympic Club and B. Wolson
of California Council. There v.-ere many
other numbers and light refreshments.
The affair was under the direction of .1.
R. McGufflck, Frank B. Gibson, E. C.
Boysen and A. J. Sparrow.
POLICEMEN TO BE RETIRED.
Four of Them Slated to Go on
Account of Old Age.
The Police Commissioners, it Is under
stood, will meet to-night and retire Offi
cers Charles Hall, Dennis Ilayden, Thom
as Dillon and John Fleming.
Recently the Commissioners adopted a
resolution authorizing them to dismiss
from the department any member who is
physically Incapacitated from doing police
duty. Tho several captains were instruct
ed to report to them the name sof their
BUbordinates who in their opinion wera
physically disqualified from performing
the duties' of a peace guardian. As tho
result the names of tho übove mentioned
policemen were handed to the Commis
sioners and to-nlgtif they will be- retired.
Work of Chinatown Squad.
Thn report of the work of the Chinatown
squad from August 29 to October 1 was
handed to Chief Lees yesterday. For that
time 3G2 arrests were made. There were
288 convictions and fines paid, eight wero
convicted and confined, Bixty-eight were
dismissed and two cases arc pending. The
total tines an>l forfeitures collected
amounted to $2;i.".3.
marlzed, menna that of the 60,000 square
miles claimed by Venezuela that country
obtains only 100, formed partly of the
marsh land near the rivor Uarima. and a
portion of the interior, while Great Urit
ain retains all the forest country.
INDIANAPOLIS, Oct. 9.— The decision
of the Board of Arbitration in the Venezu
ela boundary case wa^ received with
much Interest because of the connection
of ex-President Harrison with 't as chief
counsel for the republic of Venezuela,
and it came to llprht incidentally that his
fee In the case is $250,000.
It is paid he refused to mnke any charpre
I till ho had examined into the case, and
v. In n he communicated to the Venezuelan
Government his conviction that England
i was wrong in her contention he was im
mediately offered J250.000 to undertake.
! the case. In order to give his whole time
| to it th» ex-President refused retainers
I In n number of important cases and for
i nearly two years applied himself wholly
! to It.
WORMOUTH GAVE
MUCH TO CHARITY
One-Third of the Estate to Be
Dividsd Among San Francisco
Institutions.
SAN* RAFARL. Oct. 3.— The will of the
late Ebenezer Wormouth, bearing date
of last May, was filed with County Clerk
Graham yesterday by Louis H. Bonestell
of Ban Francisco, who Is named by the
Ustator as executor without bonds. The
estate is valued at about $70,000, five
sevenths being composed of real estate in
Marln County and the rest being money
invented in stocks and bonds.
W.rmouth states that lie leaves no wife
or children and that if any person con
tests his will on the. gTound of being a
wife or child anil succeeds In proving the
truth of the allegations, such person shall
receive thft sum of $10, "and no mare."
BoaesteU is directed to convert the
whole of the o-stato into money as rapldly
as may be done consistently along flnan
clal lines; to pay to each of the two sons
of his deceased brother Alexander the
sum of $1000; to eneh of the three sons of
his deceased brother Moses $2000; to each
of the three daughters of his deceas* '1
brother Moses H500; to each child of his
deceased sister Julia $2000; to his brother
William Is'ixh); to his brother Nelson tho
monthly interest on $f,OOO, and to his
brother Hamilton $500 annually as interest
and part principal of a rum of $5000 until
the- principal Is exhausted.
An important feature of the will is the
fact that one-tli!ril of thft estate is be
quea.thed to charitable societies of San
Francisco, share ami share alike. They
arc: The Boys' and (Jirly 1 Aid Society, the
San Francisco Lying-in Hospital and
Foundling: Asylum, the Hospital for Chil
dren n.nd Training School for Nurses and
the Armitage Orphanage of San Fran
cisco.
In all probability the will of Wormouth
will be contested, as It Is definitely known
that Hamilton Wormouth of Stockton
was dispatintie.l with the terms of the
document and had words with his brother
over the disposition of the estate some
timo ago.
Will Welcome Volunteers.
OI.YMPTA. Wapb., Oct. 3.— Governor
Rogers and his military staff left for San
Prsnclpco to-day, where they will wel
come the First "Washington Volunteers
returning from Manila on tWa transport
Pennsylvania.
Catholic Faculty Received.
BERLIN. Oct. 3.— As the result of Em
peror William's advice the University of
Strasburg will receive a Catholic faculty,
thus ending a long and bitter controversy.
OCTOBER 4. 1899.
A RECIPIENT OF
CHARITY PROVES
TO BE WELL OFF
Denis Conner Dies in
Harbor Hospital.
WAS A FREE CLINIC PATIENT
PAPERS VALUED AT $4000
FOUND ON HIM.
Joiler-Makers Gk> Back to Work on
the Transport Leelanaw — Santa
Rosa Sights the Raft — Water
Front Notes.
Denis Conner, whose home was at 605
Broadway, died in the Harbor Hospital
yesterday from an attack of asthma. He
was stricken on the corner of Washing
ton and Sansome streets and was at once
hurried to the hospital. Dr. Dorr did
everything possible for the old man and
for a few minutes it looked as though he
was rallying. Then he collapsed and was
dead in a few seconds.
When starched at the .hospital there
was found in Conner's pocketbook a card
of admission for him to the free clinic for
the poor at the College of Physicians and
Surgeons and in another pocket a bottle
of medicine put up at the free dispensary.
Wrapped up in a handkerchief was lua
bank oook, showing that Denis Connor had
i-^'iib 91: on deposit in the Hiuerina Bank,
while in his hip pocket was $64 bo in cash.
The body was removed to the Morgue,
wnere an autopsy will be held.
Thirteen of the striking boiler-maker 3
went back to work on the transport Lee
lanaw yesterday. The men nad been
working for the Union Iron Works and
quit out of sympathy for their comrades,
iesterday morning nine of. them went to
work and during me afternoon four more
of them asked to be taken back.
The transports Zealandia, City of Para
and Valencia will probably not get away
before Saturday. The Zealandia is ready,
but the paint has not thoroughly dried.
The Para Is not yet painted, but the Va
lencia is ready to go out at any time. The i
Pennsylvania, with the Washington boys,
will probably get in to-day, and the Tar
tar, with the Kansas regiment, about Sat
urday.
The steamer Santa Rosa, which arrived
from southern ports yesterday, passed the
tugs Rescue and Monarch with the log
raft in tow about fifty miles this side of
Port Harford. There was a cross sea
running and a northwest breeze was blow
ing, but the raft seemed to be making:
"good weather of it." The tugs were com
ing along about two knots an hour.
Lieutenant Lowdenham, who came up
on the transport Valencia, is bewailing
the loss of 7000 fine Manila cigars. He I
thinks they were stolen from the trans
port wharf, but the customs officers are
of the opinion that they were stolen by
the soldiers on the ship. Captain Lane of
the Valencia is also of this opinion, as a
large number of empty cigar boxes were
found among the soldiers' baggage.
Captain Blair was back en 'Change yes
terday after a fortnight spent at Byron
Springs. His holiday has done the gallant •
skipper a world of good, but he is glad to
get back into harness again. Captain.
Blair is with the Alaska Commercial Com
pany.
Colonel Ames Is Thankful.
Colonel Ames of the Thirteenth Minne
sota Volunteers has issued the following
open letter:
Headquarters Thirteenth Minnesota Volunteer
Infantry, The PreFidlo.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., Oct. 3, 1899.
I wish to extend to the various committees,
to the officers and men of the First California
Volunteer Infantry and to the kind-hearted and
generous people of California the thanks of the
officers and enlisted men of the Thirteenth
Minnesota Volunteer Infantry for all the enter
tainments and courteous and friendly treatment
tendered us during our visits to your beautiful
city of San Francisco. To Fay that we appre
ciate your many kindnesses expresses our feel-
Ings mildly indeed, but I assure you that the
memory will be lasting as life Itself. Such
thoufrhtfulnpss for the welfare of the "boys In
blue," far from home and friends, will have its
Just reward.
Wo say orood by and turn our backs upon the
Golden Gate, to pursue our way homeward, aud
In the future should any of our California,
friends visit Minnesota they will find the latch
string out and a warm welcome awaiting them
in the homes of every officer and man In this
regiment. Very respectfully yours,
FRED W. AMES. Colonel Commanding.
I . See the new color window, "Keith's."
FORGED NAME OF
HIS EMPLOYER
Charles Dean Arrested
at Santa Barbara.
Special Dis-witch to The Call.
SANTA BARBARA, Oct. 3.— One of
the boldest forgeries ever attempted
was discovered to-day and the forger
arrested late this evening. Charles
Dean, who has been passing where he
was not known as C. H. Davis, is ac
cused of forging the name of James
Wiley, the railroad contractor, who has
a camp of stonemasons near this city,
and when arrested he told the Sheriff
that the right man had been caught.
Drink, cards and women wrecked his
life, which had been a very successful
one until the last few years. Dean was
for some time bookkeeper at the camp,
but was suspected several weeks ago
and dismissed. On September 16 and 18
he forged Contractor Wiley's name to
two time checks, which he had secured
before leaving the (.-amp, in the sum of
$52 and $170 respectively, and they were
then cashed by C. H. Frink and Ed
wards & Co. of this city.
So cleverly were the signatures made
that Wiley himself was puzzled for a |
time. After securing this money Dean I
remained in the city, spending it at the i
card table, bar and with women, and '
when caught this evening in his rooms
he had very little of the money left. He
confessed to the Sheriff that he was
the party sought.
Dean, who is a man of forty years or
more, spent his boyhood in this city,
and became a civil engineer of some
note. He was employed in the early
days by the Southern Pacific Company
In construction work, and was after
ward sent to Mexico to work at his pro
fession.
He there got possession of consider
able land and became a large catvle
owner. He spent several years In the
San Salvador republic, and during one
of the insurrections was given a com
mission of general. He is familiar with
several languages, and speaks French,
Spa.nish and German fluently. He came
from a very good family. He began
drinking heavily a few years ago. and
since then has lost most of his prop
erty. ______________
Moore's Arrest Confirmed.
SANTIAGO DE CHILE. Oct. 3.—Con
firmation has been received of the report
of the arrest, on application of the United
States legation, of Fred T. Moore, tho
fugitive assistant teller of the National
Bank of Commerce of Boston, Mass.,
whose defalcation is Bald to have been
over $50,000.
Invitation to Odd Fellows.
FRESNO, Oct. 3.— The. City Trustees
and the County Supervisors have been pe
titioned to Invite the Grand Encampment,
I. O. O. F.. to hold its session in this city
in 1900. Official invitations will be sent out.
,-.-.-_■- THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
fr . ' %j>
» e^/ Hjft.zrd, best ventriloquist in America, J
fr re-engaged for this week. An entirety new repertoire. %
* Exhibition Hill, second floor. Admission free. «
£ Blanchard's (Military Bind will furnish the music at our concert %
* Saturday evening, October 7. «
5 5c Ik. 11^ £tnc3 Theaters. «
ft A B , nnnn ... ™ &ol4tel*lft*ifl& Eazaar. V"5 No advance vj
ft ADy { J uantlt CAUFWHIAS LiQGZST-AMERICAS OWIDEST STORE. m rlce3 ' -5
ft / 3
* S3mso Vestee Here ' 8 a bi ? Mit inery 10 ° dozen I"™ 01183 *
ft & mm ss^ g(**x "&B Wednesday e»_. __.-^# "^ selected winter V
J %*Ui¥S, &45.&0. special in special m ro?es. of all silk vel- *
? our c.othing depart- Te '. silK aid velvet and fine Kreach *
» ment: 75 handsome all- v^ s^^ roses; all this season's choice co ors :3 2,
ft wool navy bine Ve3tee (s&**£ to 6in a bunch": prices now 5Cc, 600 .»
ft Suits, the . new fall /*=©».•[ ; ' n^ 75c per lunch; your choice for
ft design, coat with \=L (T§\ Wednesday only • 25c -C
* small collar and lar^e ;|'/%Svrf ~ *
ft reveres with hand- ''lliiX^swr <V 1 «< /m *"3 _»*&*» m ff% 1 *
i* some black ,iik fac- I ffisj/ $*-50, $2 and $2.50 J
& in . silk frongs and ' | jft m GOWHS fOI* 9&&* *
ft two rows of large but- If \L 'I M A . ,", . . «>
ft tons, vest has em- \UrT%- f//. An assorted lot ,£^ «
6 broidered designs 0:1 \ ! ''/» of Ladies' Gowns Jja^Ss'J "8 J
ft shield and two pock- 11 A 1 '// (about 18 dozen (**^ v
ft ets. buckles at the \Li\L/.<x i n all), made of m jL-i • *
5 knees of the pants, \lnfii y, . v • /A •>-<C^%s^_ v
J sizes to fit boys 3to V J / / mus in ' cambrK f^M^V ; *
ft 8 years, worth easily /i3rf! " " nainsook, a £ /7 ■ 11 111 sJpS X «
ft $3.50— f0r this day <^m ?i7 ' ?8 in various V l l H ?f^ j Z
ft only the pii-e will v 7 styles that wer /i**f I I / i/HLI o.
ft be.'. $2.35 $150. $2 an, fe?| ffl , V | I
ft ■ s $2.5 0, your "*tl | |Ji !I . JL Si *>
i Collarettes, **■ £*jj R iffif *
* $1.75 Kind, $3,18. lasts, each ...:°: I U 1* *
ft For thi • day only we offer 6J Liberty Silk 950 '_ - %
A Coilarettes, in one of th 9 very atest <f
* sty!e«. a brilliant black, made extra full Sale LaGC^ this day °° *
*» with flowin • tie of an accordeon p'aite^ #»---.^« / f-*» > we offer 100 pairs *
r raaterhl, f.mir.ei n Juhy-ed??, on' **UriainStm of gcod Lace Cur- «
5 regular $175 qaiity— for ..... $tmlB tains, 3 ya-d3 long, 40 inches wide, a"^
£ : I heav, strong weave in pretty pattern 0 . *
ft £&3 GO at the verysp:cial price, p r pair...630
1 SkirtS. Vf\ TV*r g H l»en Holland, i
♦%i £0 '/ f V Lining. 6g. bku w^ seu *
» mPßa&&m j I \i;ij regularly at 2>Jc and 25c yird, color* |,
ft Weoff2rto"day / I'\ li cream, gray and tan only, or. sale to-day 5S
j£ whi.e the lot / / 1 V A / a . abo'U half the cost of minufactur-
*of 103 lasts //; \'A ing, per yard 60 <>
a some good /^ A //\ : ♦
ft $3.00 Black / £ A a & e *f Hose Ladies ' satin 2
ft .S^rge Skuta, \ %'A A f\ "**' * nOSB Belt Hose Sup- «
» P'rcaline /Z-<\ 'A A\ SUppOi*fei*S. porters, the 2
* lined, vevet / Zf; hjft ',//r\ ! e]aBtic lai Q heavy ribbed si:k with 1
» binding, but- / r.;/ I^l \ Warner's pa ent clasp. r-gu!arlv 50c a *
_ t n b.ck at t^2-' I' :\ • ; /V pair, on special sale for Wednesday only *>
J the very Bps- at .236 *
*£ cial 1 ric > _________ <•
t $S B - Bureau white J
* Dinner A handsome Scarfs GBr> carr r « i 1" *
•" MfMßUntSkr- ««- Semi d ore c ««»«** *** ****&' ™* Scarfs, «
* SetS, $7.25. lain Decorat- size .oxo4 inches, some of them exquis- «
*ed Under'lazei Dinner Set, light brown > te! y. hemstitched, others with choi ? e ■J ■
H« c =• ' " braidir.g, 10 different styies, ranging in *
ft vjs^^^^^^^^tss^o^^Sv value irom $1 to $1.50 each, on sale *
ft /^Y^r<~~'^^^^^\K Wednesday only at, each SBO 5,
I TP is i
5, \^*''l^sg^^2L*rf^ Cream C! - -■^_g7^v *
* Pitcher ) | *
ft border and spray of colored autumn OC* M?iW W \§s/ ♦
ft leaves, 105 pieces, for twelve p rsons. ! New shape Cream 1I i H i W{\, <?
ft regularly worth $12.50 set — on snechlHtcher, a fine \i 1" ft' 0 W'h "#
& sale a// /A« week for $7*25 imitation of cut Vfc\ 14 pLMJIv *
ft „-_________ , glass, on special "♦
*> S3 gjin 9* As a Wednes- aae to-day on v, ■ — 'tf
* rW#*Mfai on« day special in each 6o S
ft &OnffS, AmUCm our music de- 1 »
* partment we offer six of the most popu- |?A/plß9oafo/l On W»d- <#
A lar sorg* of the day at the reduced •£«*«*»•* « _r_* nesdav «#
ft pries, each -?Oc Extracts, 53C. only, we «
ft Here's the lisf: | offer three of the best ocors of the ♦
T "'Mid the Green Fields of Virginia." celebrated extracts— Crab Apple, Cuir J
ft -Hello, Ma Baby." de Russe and Lilas Blanc, regularly B".c i
I S_V_lf" AnSry ' a bottle, at the very special price.*.?© |
I• = *
ft Men's and Boys' Straw Hats I
% I at Half Price. I
FOUL MURDER OF
A LONE WOMAN
Burned to Death in Her
Cottage.
Special Dlsi>atch to The Call.
CRESCENT CITT. Oct. B.— A report has
reached this place of a frightful tragedy
at the little town of Wedderburn, form
erly Gold Beach, in Curry County, Or.,
la3t Tuesday night.
The home of Mrs. A. J. Edson, which
was hidden from the town by a small hill,
was on Wednesday morning found to be
hi a^hes and the charred remains of Mrs.
Edson, who lived alone In the house, were
found among the cinders and debris.
The affair, which at first was presumed
to bo the result of an accident, is being
investigated, and developments begin to
hint strongly of arson and murder. The
unfortunate Lady was quite advanced In
ape and was bflieved to have had a con
siderable sum of money concealed about
the premises. She was known to have
had about $40 in silver a few days before
tho lire. Search was made in the ashes
01' the ruins, but no trace of coin or
precious metal was found, though the
services of an expert miner, with his gold
pan, were engaged. A five-gallon kero
sene can was found near the corpse, the
contents of which are presumed to have
been used to make the conflagration as
effectual as possible. It is paid that a
certain individual of generally bad repute
Is suspected of having committed the
crime.
Mrs. Edson was an old and highly es
teemed citizen of Curry County, and a
thorough investigation will be made.
ROSE ESTATE SOLD.
Property of the Late Horseman. Was
Heavily Mortgaged.
I,OS AXGEI.ES, Oct. 3.— Judge Shaw
to-day confirmed the sale of practically
all the property belonging to the estate
of the late L. J.- Rose, the millionaire
horseman. The property is heavily
mortgaged, and the sale is being mads to
avoid a foreclosure auction.
The petitldn of Amanda M. Rose, the
petitioner ar.u administratrix, shows that
the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank has
a mortgage of $271,319 Go on the estate,
and it is averred that the property at
public auction might not bring the
amount of the mortgage. Leave of the
court was asked to accept a private offer
made by the bank. The bank Is to pay
Mrs. Rose $5000 and take tho mortgaged
property, reserving all rights, however,
to continue tho furclosure suit.
The property which will be thus con
veyed Includes a vast amount of acreage,
besides the Rose house on Fourth and
Grand avenues, lots near Westlake and
500 shares in the Hotel Rose Company.
Suit to Recover.
SAXTA ROSA, Oct. 3.—Trial com
menced in the Superior Court here to-day
of the suit brought by Mrs. Leach
against the California Safe Deposit ami
Trust Company regarding the transfer of
stock said to be worth $26,000. The stock
was formerly held by the plaintiff's aunt,
Mrs. Gilbert. She claims that Mrs. Gil
bert In her lifetime gave, her the stock.
The action is brought to determine tha
true owner.
LISTED
ON THE
OIL EXCHANGE
Our company Is listed on the Cal-
ifornia Oil Exchange. There is
money in oil stock if you make your
investment with the right com-
pany. Let us explain to you why
we "claim "our offer" second to no
other. We court the closest inves-
tigation. Information received
daily from the famous Kern River
district.
Our offer of stock at 50 CENTS
per share holds good only until Oc-
tober 5.
Pamphlet and map for the asking.
Stock non-assessable.
SAN JOAQUIN
OIL AND DEVELOPMENT CO.,
38 Crocker Building.
Open evenings from 7 to 8 o'clock.
I TAKE Dr.CC. Jf%
For Biliousness
Dyspepsia and all «E§
« stomach Disorders I
Ball the leadinc i drucoists, 1
56
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 4. 1899
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Mam 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main lS7i-
DELIVERED BT CARRIER) . 15 CENTS PER WEEK.
Plr.Rlb Copies, 15 cents. •
Term? by Mall; Including Postal?.*:
PAILY CALL, OneludlT'.E Sunday Call), one year fO.OO
Daily CALL (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 3 months .... 1.00
Daily CALL— By Elnyle Month 85c
EUNDAY CALL One Year 1.80
SVTSEKLY CALL One Year i- 00
All poptmastors are authorl'ert to recelvJ subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 808 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, iMarquetto Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT i
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE i
PERRY LUKENS JR 20 Tribune Bul'din*
CHICAGO NEWS! STANDS.
Bherman HoiiFe: P. O. News Co.; Great XcTthern KlMl
frement House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel: A. Breatano, 31 Unloa 6quax«;
Murray Hill Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.I OFFICE Wellington Hotel
4. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 300 Hayes street, ODen untl!
S:3O o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
c'c'cck. 615 LorKln street, open until Q; 3O o'clock.
IS4I Mission street, open until 10 o'clock 220" Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock lO9<
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock
AMUSEMENTS,
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
iria" and "PagliaooL"
fenulne Yentleman.**
at as a Lamb."
Van Winkle. "
iter— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•
111s streets— Specialties
i'avilkn— Mechanics' Fair and Philippine Ex-
Mt 11
<->uk!and Racetrack 1 — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
I
TRIUMPH OF WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
Sl'. NOR MARCONI has just cause for pride in
the spiendid feat achieved by his .>y ; tem of
win . raphy in transmitting re
the yacht race. Fi scl following the yachts
. re sent through the
and were then ;ro:n
the la n sent by wire to The Call. Each dis
i was marked by a statement of the minute at
which it was sent from the vessel, and such was the
y of the arrangements made to transmit it tint
in the space of two or three minut< bul
i to the public in front of The Call ofl
This is the second time The Call has demonstrated
the usefulness of wireless telegraphy in gathering
news. When arrangements were made for an
nouncing by that form of telegraphy the arrival
the Golden Gate of the Sherman bearing the Califor
nia troops the enterprise was in the nature of an ex
periment and the work de=-igned to be performed was
comparatively simple. The teat, however, as will be
remembered, w uccessful, and The Call
accomplished the feat of being the first newspaper in
tne world to make use of the new system of te'e^
raphy in the practical work of newsgathering.
What has now been accomplished in getting reports
tile yacht race remove? wireless telegraphy fro:n
the domain of sciei I I to that of pu'>!ic useful
le to newspapers has been demi
r questioning, and it will be difficult to
set tl eventual service to*the world. It
vn that any number of words can be
ire- aero I tances, and can be
transcribed and understood a I -bed
Id methods. A new inarvd has been accom
. science and mechanism, and the human
made a further stride in the direction of
tricity to be its servant.
The feat of yesterday breaks the record of long dis
r.cw-g.'itherinp:. The people who watched the
n front of The Call building and
she race as they were written upon
might almost be said to have witnessed
the race. The wireless tc^eraph sent a report of
ting of the course of the yachts on each
essive tack and of every change made in the sails.
an incident of the race was omitted. As soon as
any slightest fact of interest occurred it was at once
i the shore. The electric energies
crossed the waves instant'y. and at once the reports
ross the continent over The Call's
p.l leased wire. The aggregate number of words
KJ, and r-o perfect was the system
not a single message had to be repeated. Thus the
hers in San Francisco followed the race and
lie contest was going on at every
poraries, who had no reports
thc=e sent by the old system of telegraphy, were
■ • ng the 'news to the
lie. Wireless telegraphy had achieved a triumph
. and from this time on will be a
■ factor in the service of progressive jour
•;n.
The roast beef of old England, of which we have
so much, seems to be scarce just at present. No
::n be given for the fact that the British
Government has placed large orders in Chicago for
the canned article.
Mrs. Lyman Mowry has secured a divorce from her
I, the will-known attorney in Chinese cases.
She claimed that his persistent smoking of Chinatown
- in her presence injured her voice.
Captain "Ben" Parker, skipper of his Germanic
Majesty's yacht Meteor, is said to be in New York
incog. Will the bunko steerers of the metropolis re
spect it?
It would not be surprising if the visiting mining
engineers should decide to live here and look alter
their property; they seem to own the State,
BRYAN TO TEXAS.
' /~^ OLOXEL BRYAN seems to appreciate the
I rundown condition of his fences in the South.
/ The thinking members of the party in that
section have been making a concerted effort to un
rator. This movement has been quietly
I encouraged throughout the South. The people there
| regret that Colonel Bryan was encouraged to talk
so much in 1896. It is known that when the
National Committee met to arrange the campaign
that year Mr. Bryan was present and announced
he would stu United States. He was flush
with his recent victory in the convention, won by
■ old speech on a day oi dull oratory,
and was confident that he could :he coun
try as he did the convention. Members of the com
mittee objected. They said it was not considered dig
d in a candidate to make such a tour, and poii
Douglas, . her candidates
who had attempted it. To this Bryan replied thai
: : ve the country all the dignity it required
.after he got into the White ! louse. Then Senator
Tillman of South Carolina came to his support and
beautiful I>uhd
Would you put this buhd
tlemen, whar lie will not sing, in
■ ltlemen, tuhn him loose and let
■ ier f "
That ■ ■ I tin bird was turned lop ■
it ever sii song has become
It is withoul varial ■' the South is
was not put under a bushel. The Colonel
n to try his voice om
s he ap
... ..
I the r him in
- . .
resented hii - a martyr.
who ■ ection to the Presidency, and
:!'.ere!<?re ".her chance. This is a stale
■ g o account
for a defeat th I is any thrashing ever re
ceived at the polls
But what right ha- Colonel Bryan to whimper
• fraud and in ; :i a conventicle of his
party? I' ' . did not have
a two-third ich the party requires
■ - ■ •• Pres lent, in favor of er and of
Bryan's nomination. It had a majority of 9tlverites,
I that majority could adopt a pli it ii could
rot : ■ didate, and would have been com
pelled to bolt from the convention to nominate him.
This it avoided by expelling regu | itions and
seating in their place delegations that had never been
chosen in any regular State convention. The regular
deleg :u bis own State was expelled in that
way, though it.- credentials and commission were as
kgai and regular as those of the California or any
body. In its place we
sealed a delegation headed by Bryan, which brought
no en from any Democratic State convention
regularly called and held. Other States were treated
in the same manner, and at last, in Michigan, regulars
were expelled and men put in their place who had
not been in any convention at all. the National Con
tion illegally and corruptly assuming the func
tions of a State convention for that purpose. In this
way Mr. Bryan ;ejcured his two-thirds majority and
the nomination. By these means he pot control of
the party organization and the power to so use it as
to exclude from the party all men who do not favor
his renomination.
It is the fear that the organization ?o acquired will
throw him that send.- him on a pilgrimage to Texas to
mM hi- whimper to the squeals of Governor ! !
With such a record of fraud used to control a
Nation tion, what could be expected of him
trol *ji ballot-boxes or in the.
use of public authority ?
The brain- of the Democracy refused to support
him in 1806 largely because of the shameful ways in
which he -eourcd power in the convention, and the
memory of it rank:- yet and will not down.
So it does not lit- in the mouth of this beneficiary
oi tyranny and corruption in his own party to charge
like offenses upon the party which whipped him.
He is under engagement to Btump Kentucky for
Goebel, whose nomination it is not denied was se
cu'ed by the same method used by Bryan, with
bribery added to fraud and unfairness. The flower
of the silver Democracy of Kentucky, supporter; of
Bryan, have published the proof of the criminal
nominal yet Colonel Bryan will go from
denouncing I Republican frauds to glorify
Democratic bribery in Kentucky.
The young man has too many irons in the fire and
will get hold of^he hot end of some of them.
An English ne-.vspuper. the Speaker, referring to
the impending war in South Africa, rays: "We fed
fated to be plunged into a war for which the historian
will be unable to find adequate justification, or even
plausible excu The editor of the Speaker is
evidently unfamiliar with the powers of English his
torians, else he would know that any number of them
can be found at any time to justify any old thing.
JOSEPH CHAMBERLAIN.
PARLIAMENT being out of session and the
Prime Minister in retirement nursing the weak
ness of old age, Joseph Chamberlain, though
holding the comparatively subordinate office of Sec
retary of State for the Colonies, seems to be virtually
the British Government. His is the brain that devises
the policy of the empire at the danger point in the
Transvaal, and it is his voice that gives the commands
which set all the arsenals and the navy-yards of the
empire to working day and night, hurries troops
across the ocean, and, while professing in public a
desire for peace, sounds warlike in every tone.
There have been many extraordinary careers in the
history of parliamentary Goverunrent in Great Brit
ain, but hardly any ttiat is more strange than that oi
the all-powerful Colonial Minister. Something like
fifty years ago the son of a rich Londoner was
t-ent by liis father to Birmingham to engage in the
work of a manufacturer. He grew up to be a suc
cessful business man, but his chief interest was in
politics. He began as a republican, and at one time
joined in a movement to start an agitation for the
abolition of the monarchy upon the death of the pres
ent rovereign. In tho*e days he was one of the men
whom the Conservatives of Great Britain, the sup
porters of the crown and the church, regarded with
the utmost detestation. They mocked at him, they
&neered at him. They called him "Brummagem Joe,"
the "Capital I," the "Petty Jack Cade," and a dozen
other things. "I am the worst abused man in Eng
land," he said on one occasion, and he had good rea
son to say it
One statesman of the time of his early career put
a different construction upon ht3 character and his
conduct. No man did Chamberlain more severely
attack in those days than Disraeli, but that cynical old
politician refused to take him seriously. "He wishes
to be a Duke," said Disraeli, and dismissed him with
a sneer.
The later career of the radical leader of Birmingham
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER 4. 1899.
| goes far to confirm the satirical estimate put upon the
! sincerity of his republicanism by the Tory leader.
Chamberlain broke away from the Liberal party at the
time of Gladstone's home rule bill for Ireland, and
ever since then has become more and more a Tory,
lie has never, however, had the full confidence of the.
Conservative party, and when the present Ministry
. was formed the leadership of the Commons went to
j lialfour. and Chamberlain had to content himself
with the office of Colonial Minister, one which has
hitherto been a good place for a man of business
training and executive ability, but hardly a place in
which an aspiring politician could nuke a dis
tinguished career.
Chamberlain, however, has proved there is moT
', in the man than there is in the otYice. fit- has eclipsed
his colleague- who hold higher offices i" the Cabinet
and has almost overshadowed the Prime Minister
himself. To-day he is the dominant man in the em
pire Ilis word? have mere weight than those of
any other. He seems to be the man who direct'- ihe
forces of imperialism, and if he succeed in destroy
ing the last vestige of Dutch Independence in South
Africa and adding that vast country to the Rriti-h
pire he may yet fulfill literally the sarcastic taunt
oi hi< fonfler political opponent. "Brummagem Joe"
may be a Puke.
Tt is reported tl i ..re felt in Europe lest the
bubonic plague make its way to Western Europe by
next summer and frighten people away from the Paris
tion; and it would certainly be a lame and
impotent conclusion for the century of science and
;ec its culminating trumph marred by an
ion from the b; i ; of Asia.
. health regulati ' : •'. guard
France from the disease, then she will have no right
to make herself the show ground of what has been
accomplished by civilization.
T a meeting last May the Chamber of Com
/ \ merce of this city adopted a series of resolutions
"■declaring that whereas the inten rts of the whole
country, increased employment for our people, a
larger home demand for the products of our farms,
our mines, oui forests and our factories, the rein
forcement of our navy, the enlargement of foreign
markets for our surplus products, the reduction in
rates of ocean transportation, would all be promoted
by the restoration of our merchant marine in its for
■ -it ion on the seas of the world; and as the
r | \ increasing opportunities for commercial ex
pansion and the employment of a larger shipping
upon the Pacific, i"or the transportation of our grow
ing exports, emphasizes the need of establishing and
• mg an American merchant marine equal to the
need-; of our foreign commerce; therefore, it is the
opinion of the Chamber of Commerce of San Fran
oisco that it i< the duty of the Congress of the United
States at the earliest day possible to enact legislation
to secure restoration on the lines recently reported
favorably to both branches of Congress by the Com
mittee on Commerce on the part of the Senate, and
the Committee on Merchant Marine and Fisheries on
the part of the Tlnu ;e.
Since the adoption of the resolutions the Chamber
has not been inactive. It procured the introduction
of the issue to the attention of the Trans-Mississippi
■ Wichita and urged i: with such success
that the congress adopted resolutions in line with
those of the Chamber itself, and is now making
further efforts to impress upon the National Congress
the urgent, need of prompt and effective legislation
for the upbuilding of our shipping industries.
It is gratifying to note the activity of our Chamber
of Commerce in this important work. The Pacific
Coast has a? much to hope for from the upbuilding
of the merchant marine of the nation as any other
section. In fact it has more to look forward to, for
the Atlantic Oce;m commerce is now well supplied
with shipping and any new ships launched upon itd
waters by Americans will have a strong competition
to encounter in the foreign ships, but the commerce
of the Pacific i-^ an expanding one. The shipping ade
quate for the trade of to-day will fall far short of
the demand of the trade that is to be within a few
years. The question is whether the United States
shall furnish the additional tonnage need for the grow
ing: trade, or whether Europe is to be permitted to
do it.
Thi issue is In fact the mo«t pressing that will come
before Congress with the sole exception of that of
l^urrency reform. It ha< been under consideration a
long time and there should be no further delay in
| dealing with it.
THE SENATE AND CURRENCY REFORM
rROM reports that conic to us from the East it
appears there is some doubt whether the Senate
will enact any important measure of currency
reform at the coming session of. Congress. The Phil
adelphia Record claims to have accurate inside
information that the Republican committees of the
House and the Senate which have been considering
the matter cannot agree upon a deiinite scheme of
legislation. On the other hand. Congressman Bab
cock of Wisconsin, a member of the committee, is
quoted by the Times-Herald of Chicago 33 saying
that while the Senate Committee has not yet con
curred with the bill proposed by the House Com
mittee, the objection would be overcome and that the
bill is likely to pass both houses.
The measure agreed upon by the House committee
is not radical and it would be a severe setback to the
prosperity of the country if the Senate should inter
pose to prevent its enactment. The Senators can
hardly fail to recognize the importance of the issue
and the urgency of the need of settling the question
at this session. It h time to take the finances of the
nation out of politics and to establish our monetary
system on the gold basis beyond dispute.
Upon what ground the opponents of currency re
form expect the Senate to defeat the will of the peo
ple has not been made known. That the hope is a
forlorn one is clear. The administration is pledged
to reform the monetary system and will urge it upon
Congress. The great mass of the people favor it.
and the House is sure to pass a currency bill and
send it to the Senate early in the session. There will
doubtless be a hard fight against it, but as there is
not only a good Republican majority in the Senate
but several sound money Democrat*, like Lindsay of
Kentucky and Caffery of Louisiana, to vote for it,
its passage seems fairly well assured, despite the
rumors to the contrary.
So it appears after all that the interests of the Out
landers in the Transvaal are the last concern of Great
Britain. The Boers are to be whipped because they
are suspected by the British of plotting future evil.
Perhaps the recent continent of a Britisn statesman
that England is a pirate nation was correct
The evidence that the Germans covet Samoa is a
proof of the iniquity of the Kaiser and his peopla.
It is not righteous to covet anything except the Phil
ippines and we have a pre-emption on that.
OUR MERCHANT MARINE.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY
WORK.
President David S. Jordan.
PRESS COMMENTS
Success of the State Fair.
Pacific Rural Press.
As foreshadowed In lust week's Pacific
Rural Press, the ri!atp Fair thl* year has
proved exceptionally grt-at In point of
popularity and patronage. It is described
from Sacramento a? the must lury<-ly
attended and successful fair the capital
city has ever known, it Is utated that
the receipts exclusive of the pool privilege,
amount to close on to $23,000, as againat
5U.705 last year. The society will realize
$10,000 over expenses. This result is
largely due to the most diligent and well
planned effort made by the management
thie year to popularize the exposition in
every possible way and to the fact that
Sacramento was well aroused to the ad
vamagu which the fairs are to the city
interests. It is very important to Sac
ramento that such a record is being made
and it will make its mark, no doubt, upon
future legislation. The management of
the society also did very wisely in en
listing the interest and good will of local
Journals and in furnishing available news
to all avenues of publication. Secretary
Shields has certainly won his spurs in
this contest and should be duly honored.
We are well aware that some of the
attractions at the fair were anything but
agricultural, but they seemed to be neces
sary to win popular interest, and, hav
ing this, the exhibitors of strictly agri
cultural excellence were indirectly advan
taged by being able to reach wide assem
blages. Make the fair more popular and
It will draw more exhibitors of the better
[ sort.
Don't Repeal the Appropriation.
Oakland Tribune.
The proposition to have the Legislature
If It meets in extra session pass a meua
ur« repealing the tlBo,ooo appropriation
for California's exhibit ut the Paris Ex
position Is sheer nonsense. Contracts
nave been let and the commission has
practically completed its arrangements
for the show, fo an attempt to undo
everything now would cost us almost us
much as the sum ret aside, with the dif
ference, however, that we would got ab
solutely nothing in return, whereas If
everything runs on the lines originally
mapped out the Stato will reap benefits
worth many times the money to be ex
pended.
Examiner on the Toboggan.
Santa Rosa Dally Republican.
The loss of patronage and prestige of
the San Francisco Examiner is said to
disturb Mr. Hearst, and that a change of
management is being considered by him.
It would be difficult for the paper to be
more unreliable and Inconsistent on
nearly all propositions than it has been
for a long time.
Make Them Pay the Tax.
San Bernardino Times-Index.
All the Congressmen from California,
with Senator Perkins, have put them
selves on record as favoring the enforce
ment of the law levying a stamp tax on
the telegraph and express companies
which tax those concerns have been forc
ing their patrons to pay, says the Alame
da Enclnal. This Is right. The conduct
of the Wells-Fargo Express and Western
Union companies in demanding that pat
rons a Ills, a stamp to bills of lading and
President Jordan Says the
Men and Women Engaged
in Writing for it Are
Among the Most Emi
nent of American Scholars.
I to messages is pleayunish, disloyal and
illegal. President Valentine spends his
time writing treasonable falsehoods about
the Government while his employes under
'. his orders pass their time mulcting the
pubrie of what In the aggregate amoums
to a large sum. By all means bring these
' corporations to termy and make them pay
i their share of the war tax. That is the
! or.ly way to reach the Valentines and
i their Ilk.
■ ♦ .
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
LINCOLN— A. O. S.. City. Abraham
Lincoln died on Saturday, April 15, 1865,
in the city of Washington, D. C.
WEDDINGS— X. M. S.. City. The fif
teenth anniversary of a wedding is the
crystal, and the twentieth is the china.
NOT VALUABLE— J. M. C, San Jose,
Cat There is no premium on a half-dollar
of IW4 uur on a quarter of 18T.5. A half
dollar of that date may be purchased for
75 cents, and a quarter of the date given
for si> ct-uts.
LINES OF A POET— E., City. The lines
"Yet with the hour shull come the man.
And with the man the power of song,"
Are from a. poem which appeared many
years ago in a Scotch paper under the
title of "The Agod Minstrel." The
author's name was not given. It was
signed J. W. P.
AFTERNOON TEA— "Early." Berke
ley, Cal. A lady who thinks enough of
her friends and acquaintances to Invite
them to an afternoon tea should do all
that is possible to conform to the rules
of etiquette when serving a collation, tea
or refreshments. If the guests are In
vited into the dining room the table
should be covered with table linen. To
serve refreshments or a collation "on a
polished table, using only individual doy
lies," is not good form. It savors too
much of what is designated as a "hand
out."
RELIGION IN FRANCE— C. O. Si,
Pleasant Grove, Sutter County. Cal. There
are three forms of worship recognized by
the state in France and maintained at its
expense— the Roman Catholic, the Pro
testant and the Jewish. In Algiers the
Mussulman religion is ..-.•■}
Any sect in France with 100,000 adherents
is entitled to an annual state grant. The
estimate for chtirota maintenance in
Prance for 1599 was: Roman Catholic,
41.085.923 francs; Protestant, 1,455,100; Jew
',.r,3o.
WEEDS— E. 8., City. It is said that the
following Is a method to prevent weeds
from growing in drcu&MTibeti placea:
A weak solution of carbolic acid applied
with a watering pot to the places affected
is an effectual method of preventing the
growth of weeds. The solution should not
be stronger than one part pure carbolic
acid to 1000 or 3000 parts of water. Pure
carbnlir acid is a virulent poison. When
applied in too strong a solution larger ;
plants may suffer. Very weak solutions I
destroy only very small plants and para- '
sites; also miasma. Even flies and mos
quitoes avoid its odor and may be driven
away by its use.
MORTGAGE-O. C. I*. San Diego. Cal.
An individual who holds a mortgage on
property may commence an action to
foreclose on the same as soon as the mort
gage becomes due. or ho can wait the
statutory time of four years before com
rnrnclng the- fiction. In the case of a
mortgagor having died the nno holding I
the mortgage may file hi? mortgage as a i
ciatm against tiie estate if so desired. In |
a rase of that kind it is always best to
take the advice of a reputable attorney.
as there may he conditions which would
not warrant such a ■ Ing taken.
No one can commence "an action in ad
vance to recover where :i mortgage has
been given.'! Action to foreclose cannot
be commenced until the mortgage is due.
AREA AND POPULATION— P.,
City. The area of the British empire is
9.180,700 square miles, population 343.252,
-400; Russia, 8,600,393 square miles, popula
tion- 128,932.173: China. 4.218.401 square
miles, population 403,680,000-; United States
(not including Cuba and the Philippines),
3 .578 .892 square miles, population 73.t500.000:
Brazil. 3.208.57S square miles, population
14.333,913; Turkish empire, 1,917,472 square
miles, population 23,534,ii00.
HOSPTT.M.H— IT. B. M., Watsonville,
QaL For such information as you a?k
f or a! ; San Francisco
jron si tion to
the resident ]>1r C the hos
pitals, nam rrnla SVomah"3, City
nnd County, French, German. !l.>=pital
for Children and Training School for
Nurs»> X! Home I
curables McLean Hospital, St. Luke's,
St. Mark's and St. M
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Miss Ada E. Than ha? srone to the East
on h<*r way to London.
Marlon Biggs Jr., the Oroville capitalist,
is a guest at the Ornnrl.
A. Brown of the State Board of Equal
ization is a guest ai ■' ■ Lick.
R. W. Raymond, a mining engineer pf
New York, i- at the Palace with hia wife.
Thomas Fox. postmaster at Sacramento,
is a guest at the Lick. He arrived last
evening.
George Tatterson. one of ''the leading
business men of Stockton, is a guest at
the Grand.
W. R. Carithers, a prominent merchant
of Snn:n Roaa, has come down to this
city and Is staying at the Lick.
George McAneny, a wealthy raneh*=r
and stork raiser of Lawrence, is at the
accompanied by his wife.
8. N. Griffith, one of the wealthiest and
best-known residents of Fresno, is among
the recent arrivals at the Occidental.
Mr. nnd Mr?. J. W. Towmey, two promi
nent m°mb»ri< of the Washington. D. C,
pmart set. are registered at the Palace on
a ehort pleasure trip to the coast.
Charles Wright, Collector of Internal
Revenue i'or the Southern District of
Michigan, if registered at the Palace. He
comes on v pleasure and vacation trip.
George Turner, prominent in com
merclal circles of Spokane, is at the
Palace on a trip combining business and
pleasure. Mr. Turner la accompanied by
his wife.
Mrs. Mary G. Stacker of Clarksville,
Term., has arrived on the coast to par
ticipate In the reception of the Tennessee
Regiment upon ite arrival from Manila.
The lady is the aunt of Colonel Childera
of the regiment. She is the guest of Mrs.
Aila Van Pelt of Oakland.
C H. Briscol, superintendent of eon-.
Btruction of the Western Union Telegraph.
Company at Chicago, left last night for
Los Angeles for the purpose of Btudying
th»» underground Bystem there with the
view of applying it to San Francisco. Mr.
Briscol will return in a few day! ;
city. During his Btay h^re Mr. Bi
has been extensive:; ned by W.
J. Martin, business manager of The Call,
and J. B. Dormer. BuperinUndei I
graph of the Southern Pacific Company.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. ?..— Adelaide C. Rus
sell, Dr. George B. Somers and John Dara
of Sun Francisco are at the Fifth Avenue.
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Mnin 1042. •
Striker Butler Remanded.
United States Court <""ri>miPHioner Hea
cock yestf-rday hold for trial Francis i'.".'
ler oil" of the striking Idaho miner
was arrested in that State for obstructing
the- United States maUs, and who
ward Jumped his bonds. Butl.-r will ba
taken to the United State 3 Disuict Court
at Moscow, Idaho.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for n:ty years by millions on
mothers for their children while Teething
perfect success. It soothes the child, softena
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regu
lates the Bowels and Is the best remedy tor
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething oti
other cause*. For sale by druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs,
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup, 23c a bottle.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Upholstered tourist sleeper through to St.
Paul even' Tuesday night. No change. Th.j
car Is nicely upholstered in leather and is ex
tremely comfortable in every respect Pullman
sleeping cars of the latest pattern on every
train. Tickets sold at lowest rat'- - to a!: po!nt.»
East. T. K. Stateler, Gen. Agt., 638 Market St.. '
San Francisco.
Cheap Rates.
September 29 to October 5 Inclusive, the San-,
ta Fe Route will sf>U tickets to Chicago at very
low rate". Occasion, corner-stone laying
Government bulldins and fall festivities. Qe|
full particulars nt 62S Market street.
HOTEL, DEL CORONADO— Taka advantasa
nf the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by 1
steamship. Including fifteen days' board at h .
tel; longer stay. $2 EO per day. Apply at i Nev*
Montgomery street. San Francisco.
City to Finish the Work.
Bateman Brothers, the Hall of Justicq
contractors, met with their creditors irt
Mayor Phelan's office yesterday noon
and practically agreed to turn the
Hall of Justice over to Mayor Phelan a$
trustee, to be completed by the city.
Another conference will be held on thq
14th ln?t.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For the
Baby
The fifty-cent size is just
right for the baby. A little
of it in the bottle three or
four times a day will supply
precisely the fat ail thin ba-
bies need. If your baby does
not gain in weight as fast as
you would like, try
Scoffs Emulsion
The result will please you. If
the baby nurses, the mother
should take the emulsion:
only buy the dollar size-it's
more economical for adults.
It makes the baby's food
richer and more abundant.
Both mother and child will feel at
once its strengthening, upbuilding
and fat-producing properties.
At all druggists ; soc and fi ,o.
SCOTT & BOWNE. Cbwnists, New York.ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ (01 BEFORE 1/ AFTER \
/ 'Hill ' UsiagCuticuraSoap, \J Using Cuticura Soap.
if
Pimples, Blackheads, Red
Rough, Oily Skin
PREVENTED BY
I •A' £?i *£T, ,> t i
Pure and sweet and free from every blemish is the skin, scalp,
and hair cleansed, purified, and beautified by CUTICURA SOAP.
It removes the cause of disfiguring- eruptions, loss of hair, and baby
blemishes, viz. : The clogged, irritated* inflamed, or sluggish con-
dition of the pores. CUTICURA SOAP combines delicate emol-
lient properties derived from CUTICURA, the great skin cure,
svith the purest of cleansing ingredients and most refreshing of
[lower odors. No other medicated soap ever compounded is to be
compared with it for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the
skin, scalp, hair, and hands. No other foreign or domestic soap,
however expensive, is to be compared with it for all the purposes
of the toilet, bath, and nurse: Thus it combines in ONE SOAP,
at ONE PRICE — namely, 25 CENTS — the best skin and
complexion soap and the best toilet and baby soap in the world.
Speedy Cure Treatment for Itching, Burning, Scaly Humors.
Hot Baths with CUTICURA SO A P to Cleanse the Skin, gentle anointings with
CUTICURA OINTMENT to heal the skin, and miid doses of CUTICURA.
RESOLVENT to cool the blood. Price, THE SET, $1.25; or SOAP "cc
OINTMENT, sec, RESOLVENT (bajf-size), 50c. Sold throughout the world.'
Potter Drug antj CHEM. Corp., Sok- Props., Boston. Send for "All About
the Skin. Scalp, Hair, and H?.nds." mailed free.
I /\HTf Cutlcura Remedies
Drug Co. 1128 Market Str??t. 5. f.
BUSINESS LETTERS
SHORT OF POSTAGE
THREE THOUSAND DETECTED
AT ONE STATION.
An Average of Five Hundred p=r
Week. All of Which Were De
layed for Rating.
Three thousand letters, a great majority
of which were business communications
sent by San Francisco merchants and
■manufacturers, have been checked up at
pojstoffice station D within the past six
day? for short postage. The matter is of
Kreat importance to the: mercantile com
munity, for tho reason that short postage
letters are all delayed. On all short post
age letters to points east of Chicago there
Is a delay of twenty-four hours at Sta
tion D There is also a delay in the offices
in the East to which tha delayed letters
find their way A delay often means a
serious disappointment to a business man.
For this real 1 1 becomes necessary for
the business men to see that they have
the proper stamps attached to secure
prompt service.
The foregoing figures were obtained
At every point
Wielands
Extra Pale
is fortified against the
modern tendency to
lower quality that the
price may be cheap-
ened.
By the aid of sci-
ence and modern
methods we are en-
abled to use the best
materials, and the
most skilled labor.
The product is a beer
that sells on its merit.
Your grocer or telephone West m.
California Bottling Co.
i<r-r : Eddy St.
/^^jv Dr. R.L. Walsh,
816% GEARY ST., b*t.
ftSr "^^Hlfilij/ r «lnless Extraction..
\I?J w * **\>!\ Crowns .'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.tt-2'.tm
Xjl \^ J^ii> r^ Flesh-colorfd Plate..
>_i« li_>=>—-~ $.VO<>
Continuous Gum Plates (no bad Joint*) our
rpeclaJty. Have received TEN first prizes for
this branch of dentistry. No students. is
*<»«n' experience.
"•* AYJ7T Cutlcura Remedies A■.
llfgWf Full Treatment |l£p
c V " V cut-Bate Dru^ists 70S *
Drug Co. l! 28 Market Street. S. F.
j fri-m Charles E. Bateman; foreman of the
I letter department at Station D. Mr. Ford
I explained that the postal officials were
j compelled to weigh every letter supposed
to be short of postage. There were sev
eral sets of scales for this purpose in the
office, and no short weight letter had
: mvi • chance to escape detection, as It
passed down the line and was inspected
successively by several men. Short-paid
matter would not connect a= fully paid
matter would, for the examination and
rating of the letters Insufficiently stamped
took time. No fault could be attached to
the post office on account of the delay, for
the cause was solely the neglect of the
people. He had a record kept of the
amount of short postage checked up in six
j days, and by this means he arrived at the
I somewhat sensational fact that an aver
| age of 500 letters ore daily held up at Sta-
I tion D for short postage.
"You will do the public a favor by call
: inp attention to this matter," feai'd Mr.
i Ford. '•This is the only office In the
• United States where letters mailed only
twelve minutes fore the boat starts
connect. Of course, short postage letters
deposited at the last minute do not go for
, ward without delay. The business men
should see to. it that all letters are fully
j stamped/
W. A. Cooper at Station D added to the
j information concerning the shortage of
j postage. One-filth of the letter mail for
! the Hawaiian Islands was short of post
; age, bo Mr. Cooper said. There had been
i no change In the postal rates to the Ha
waiian Islands since annexation, except
to soldiers and sailors of the navy. When
letters reached Honolulu short of postage
the addressees were compelled to pay
double the shortage, for a penalty was
attached. Many ms were sending out
advertising letters short of postage. The
persons who received these advertising
letters would have to pay the- penalty.
Merchants would thereby get th* 111 will
instead of the good will of the persons
I or firms whom they hoped to reach and do
! business with.
a lettei has been received by Mr. Coop-
I er concerning the mail that was loFt when
I the M ■ '; went down. The steam
er carried oat 193 registered articles, flf
i teen one sack of letters.
weighing - Is, and 176 sa^ks of
77! pounds. All
: ■ = ted of rive pouches
• : and twenty-four sacks. The mail
i lost • New York. Washington,
i Philadelphia and Boston d!.«patche3 from
! July 28 to August 5. inclusive.
LENA SPRAGUE'S ABDUCTOR.
Bolirto Bianchino Arraigned in the
Police Court and Heavy Bonds
Fixed.
B^iinto Bianchino, who was arrested
early yesterday morning in the Commer
cial Hotel by i man Bi . und
ced 'in a charge ol abduction, ap
peared before Judge Graham yesterday
;-g. "Tho ; 'i was not ready
to proceed and after the defendant was
arraigned tho ci.se ftas continued till to
morrow. The JuJk>> Jix»-d hid bonds in
• "hlno Indu Bprafroe, the 14
-. . . kughtei of John Bpragtie,
known resident of Healdsburg, to elope
with him. and -\f-.-r getting her to this
city MondaY morning' he abandoned her.
gtrl'a father is determined to prose
r abductor, and thai was the rea
son the bonds were made* so high.
Unknown Suicide in the Park.
A boy named George Greft found the» !
dead ndy of an unknown man last Mon
i day afternoon in the brush in Golden (Jato
Park about a quarter of a mile from the
life-saving station. He notified the au
thorities. but vims unable to relocate the
body until yesterday forenoon.
The features of the corpse were so de- \
composed as to render identification by i
; that means impossible. The clothing mi
a black igocal coat and vest r.nd Brown
■ etrlped pantaloons. A bullet hole near th« ,
temple and a bulldog revolver by the fide !
I of the corpse told the story of suicide.
The remains were taken to the Morgue.
See "Keith's" millinery window. Phe'.an
building,, for novelties in new colors. -
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, AVEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1899.
THEY GOT THEIR
DISCHARGES BUT
NOT GOLD COIN
Muster Out of Men
From Minnesota.
WILL ALL k PAID TO-DAY
COLONEL GIBARD HAS RE
TURNED.
He Was Nominated for the Presi
dency of the Surgeons' Associa
tion, but Withdrew in Favor
of Colonel Alden.
The Minnesota men went out of service
yesterday, but, according to the pro
gramme, they got no money. There was
not much said, th* men having: said every
thing possible and appropriate the day
before, when they first heard of the mov
- i the payday; but they did a lot of
thinking of the unpublishable sort and
forgot their sorrows for the time in pay-
Ing proper attention to the ."<>>o pounds of
fruit Bent to the regiment by Colonel F. S.
Hastings :n the i.ami- of the people of San
Leaner.-. Colonel Hastings is an old
friend of General Reeve, formerly colonel
of the regiment.
Despite the financial disappointment,
j the men were in high spirits and the mus
: ter out was attended with much rejoicing.
The officers of the command presented the
principal musician, Arthur W. Riches,
with a fine cornet and an ivory baton. The
regiment had already advanced ir.uii>-y to
' the Government in order to secure to the
musicians of the band the Instruments
with which thej had so often aroused the
martial spirit of the men. It was gen
erally announced that the regiment would
go buck to the National Guard, or at lea.st
sufficient of it to form the nucleus for the
re-eatablibhment of the old organization.
The Minnesota men will start tor home
to-morrow on special train.*. They will
not all go home to remain, however,
for four men will return to the Philip
- with the new regiments. Captain
Bjornstad h;i-s been made a captain In tnc
Eleventh Cavalry: Captain Morgan is a
captain in the Thirty-fourth; First Lieu
tenant Johnson has the same rank In the
Forty-second, and Battalion Sergeant
Major lxjye haa been made a captain in
the Forty- fifth.
Coler.t-i a. C. Girard, chief surgeon of
! the general hospital at the Presidio, re
esterday from the convention of
: tary surgeons Just closed In Kansas
City. lie was away eleven days, and
■ of these were Bpent on the train,
had little time to do anything but
attend the sessions. Colonel G-irard read
two papers bef r< the convention — one on
"Lessons of th< Spanish War" and an
: entitled "Appendicitis Among -
" Colonel Girard was chief surgeon
c Second Army Corps during the
Ish war, and he has held the most
! Important posts In the medical depart
j nn-nt since the first of the trouble.
In choosing .. ' the choice of
the convention fell upon Lieutenant Col
onel Aiden, assistant surgeon general, but
it was not until after Colonel Girard, who
I had been made a strong candidate, had
| withdrawn in his favor. C nel ■ ;irard
ntfd the name of Mrs. John F.
Merrill, pi i if the < 'alift rnla R* d
Society, to the convention as a cor
r of the association,
and .-!i»- was elected. He also Invited the
n to hold its next session in San
Burgeons chose New
York.
The South Dakota Regiment will be
mustered out on time. It whs feared
for a while that it would be held until
I further cases of smallpox de
. but that has been
■ tor the Si a l .
thorites t.> attend to If they wish. There
... order from Washington to the
co the regiment will be
• red out to-morrow, it will go i;ast
at once.
IdaJ r Carroll Mercer, commissary, has
ordered t< to Manila on the
transport City of I'ara. He will take with
him one clerk.
First Lieutenant Elmer A. Dean, as
sistant surgeon, ha* been ordered to re
lieve Major Powell as medical inspector
of The recruit camps at ; ildio, and
Major Powell has been ordered to pro
■ i Manila on the transport Zealan
dia.
Second Lieutenant Hunter Kinzie, Twen
• Infantry has been ordered to report
luty with the recruits at the Presidio
: . ■ -itrnment to Manila.
■ for ten days has been
Firsi lieutenant H. L. Lav
: • -third Infantry.
WERE GOOD SOLDIERS.
Opinion of Regulars Upon the
"Regular Volunteers."
The following letter published by the
Freedom of Manila on August 13 of this
year shows in what esteem the men who
'enlisted in the regular organizations, or
"regular volunteers" as they were called,
are held by their former comrades.
BALIKAG, Luzon. Aug. 44, 1599. j
Edit Freedom— Dear Kir: I hope you v.iil
make room for the following remarks In your
paper as i on as convenient:
The volunteer regulars will be dropped from
the rolls of their different organizations by the
tatter part of this week, but will those men be j
forcotten by the comrades they leave behind?
No; they Will never be forgotten by their com- ,
rades of the Eighth Army Corps v.-ho fought
with them through this campaign.
If there ever was a soldier returning to his
native country that is deserving any glory or
that ought to be received with open arms by ,
the people of the United States, that soldier
Is the volunteer regular.
I will say a few words of the volunteer reg
ulars of Battery '». Third Artillery. I have
been in the service twenty-three years, and
during that time I have seen several batteries,
troops and companies in Europe and !n ib»
United State?, but never have I \ en such a
body of men a. - composed the above nam.>d
battery during this campaign, for their Intel
ligence and bravery could not be questioned on
the firing line.
These volunteer regulars came personally un
der my obwrviation. I had the opportunity of
watching them during the different battles and
skirmishes, and I must say that every one of
them was more than willing to advance to the
front, and on several occasions 1 had to call
them back on the line.
I am not a newspaper writer, this being my
first attempt. I desire to express myself sim
ply as to wxiat I have seen and observed.
I hope that all of the volunteer regulars will
enjoy their trip across the Pacific, and that
their experience of flftepn or sixteen months In
service under such trying circumstance will
benefit them In civil life. With the best wishes
of JOHN C. O'CONNOR,
First Sergeant Battery (i, Third Artillery.
GREETING TO RETURNING
CALIFORNIA REGULARS
The citizens' executive committee has
generously placed the steamer Caroline at
the disposal of the executive committee of
the friends and relatives of the California
volunteer regulars returning on the trans
ports Newport, Pennsylvania and Tartar
The Caroline- will b«_- in readiness at JacK
son street wharf and will be ready to go
out to meet the transports one hour after
the whistle? are blown showing the ar
rivai of the ship*. In can- the transports
should arrive at night the Caroline will
go out at 9 o'clock the following morning
There will be a meeting of friends ar.d
relatives, to-nigtit at Shasta Hall, Native
Sons' building, at S o'clock to make fur
ther arrangements.
Expectorating Not Allowed.
Policeman Ralnsbury, who has charge
oi tht- r.rst floor corridor of the City Hall,
is determined to put an end to the practice
of people expectorating on the Hour. Mon
day A.h L,ee, a Chinese. wa.s arrested, and
yesterday when the case was called be
fore Judge Mogan he did not appear. His
bajl of $5 was declared forfeited, but later
an attorney appeared for him and the
cast- was continued till to-day, the for
feiture being recalled. Yesterday John
Kelly, a carpenter, who was interested in
a case in Judge Tread well's court m
expectorating in the corridor and Rains
bury promptly arrested him. lie was re-
I <m his own recognizance by Judee
Conlan.
AN OLD LADY WHO IS
DETERMINED TO MARRY
THERE was considerable mystery attached to the arrival of the over
land train at the Oakland mole yesterday. The news had leaked out
that there was a runaway couple aboard. The woman was supposed
to have gone out of her mind at Ogden, and had to he put in a strait
jacket. The man had taken possession of the woman's money and the
train officials, thinking- he was going to appropriate the money to his own
use, took it away from him and also took charge of the woman. '■*!;?
As soon as the overland reached Oakland the man and the woman with
their baggage were .turned over to Train Dispatcher J. C. Phillips with the
Instructions to bring them to San Francisco and turn them over to the police.
Phillips reported to Captain Dunleavy at the Harbor Police Station, and the
captain sent him out to Chief I>ees with his charges.
The woman is Mrs. Frederika Schall. aged 49 years, and the man is
Frank Trappehl, aged 38 years, both of Pittsburg, Pa. Mrs. Schall was
formerly a Mrs. Pieton, and by her first husband she had four children, all of
them, save one, a girl aged 15 years, being now married. Her first husband
died about eight years ago, and then Mrs. Pieton married Schall. About
eight months ago Schall dropped dead, and now his widow wants to marry
TjYappehl.
Trappehl is a machinist, and seven years ago was employed in the Ful
ton Iron Works. Soon after the molders' strike he went to Pittsbur?, and
ever yince has been working in the Westinghouse Electrical Machine Works.
He became acquainted with Mrs. Schall and proposed marriage. The
daughters were opposed to the wedding, however, so the couple started for
California. During the journey across the continent Mrs. Schall became
very nervous and hysterical. It was then that Trappr-hl took from her $370
In currency and a couple of checks for small sums of money she had in her
possession.
A doctor who was on the train advised .that Mrs. Schall be put In a
sleeper, and Trappehl says he paid $3 for the berth. She was given mor
phine to quiet her. but the next day she was violent, and while the train
was at Ogden tried to escape through the window. She was then strapped
down, but was released as soon as she showed signs of returning sanity.
The couple were examined by Chief Lees and gaid It was their intention
to get married at once. As both of them seemed perfectly able to take care
of themselves the police could do nothing in the case. On the advice of the
chief Mrs. Schall left $300 of her cash with the property clerk, and if in a
couple of days she dots not change her mind and is still determined to marry
Trapp-'hl, the money will be returned to her.
TrappeJil is furious with the Southern Pacific officials, and says he Is
going to bring a suit against the railroad for damages.
TRIED TO HANG
HERSELF FROM
A WINDOW-SILL
Used a Clothesline
for a Noose.
Mrs. A. Ferroggiaro, residing at 607
■ Greenwich street, is supposed to have at
'■ tempted suicide in a tragic manner yes
terday morning. H< r life was only saved
by the prompt action of neighbors and a
; police officer, and also by the frail quality
I of a rope which was used in the surmised
attempt. After the lady had been re
i moved from her perilous position she de
-1 nled the alleged attempt at suicide, but
! the statement of officers and witnesses
I will not bear out her assertions. The only
! cause for the act which cau be given by
the family is that the woman has been
ill for a short period of time, and this,
with other family troubles, rendered h»r
mentally unbalanced.
Shortly after 11 o'clock yesterday morn
ing Mrs. L. V.'egel, who resides at Cv!»
Greenwich street, heard a commotion in
the yard which separates her homy from
that' of the Ferrogglaros. She rushed to
the window and wa,s startled to behold
the body i-f a woman dangling in the air
a considerable distance above xhf ground.
She cried for help, and her daughter, Mrs.
' Chris Zimmer, came to her assistance. Be-
I fore Mrs. Zimrm-r could reach the spot the
series of ropes which suspended the
' woman had become partially unfastened,
i and the body fell till it nearly reached
the ground. " Mr?. Zimmer then grasped
, the dangling form and loosened the rope.
; Police Officer Alvarcs. who happened to
! be passing the house and who heard the
I woman's "cries for help, rushed into the
yard and cut the rope.
The woman seemed bent on self-de
struction. She had tied a clothesline
■ around her neck and placed three knots
under her chin. The line was stretched
across the yard aiid when the woman
jumped from the second-story window sill
h^r body swung out far from the buikl
. ing. For a moment or two the form hung
in space, but the pulleys over which the
i lines passed finally pave away and the
' body fell close to the ground. Mrs. Zim
mer pays that when she loosened the rope
on the' neck that Mrs. Ferroggiaro tried
to strangle herself by tightening the
• r.oopp on her throat. It was th.^ opinion
j of witnesses that had the woman known
INVESTMENT OIL CO.
p- : -■ .|- _ .
• . • o Solo.
Cott'WGQ Oil Co ■ LmTTrnmiiL  , ■ ■■„■■„.,. „
I r//£ fNV£<STM£/VT O/iC,
* * • • 1* /SO Ac*£T#
* • • *\*Ho^e O/L. Co.
Los?L/y6rf? ,
*-°&,£* * • Si-US' Cror>s£
600 B p£d*> &* *»* f'4s/{ **«>
fOQ&b** • ♦ '*>OO Bt'J P*4 <**V
Af£W yo*A< ~ 1 * 4? I.
O'L CO • 9 S > £LAf^f Qtc Co £'?lt' r O/SA//% I
Of I CO CA&J t f£'V7' OfL. CO
IC/JLtfO/W** °4
<, O/L & G&?C^ [
UNPRECEDENTED OPPORTUNITY TO BUY
limited amount of Etock at 63.00 in the center of the Big Coalinjra developed district,
adjoining the FAMOUS section 20, which is now producing about 4500 barrels dally. Home
Oil Company, stock worth SoOOO share and, none for sale, pays $200 per month dividend. No
taking: risk to prospect, as map shows only got to bore and get a big well. Then your
stock will be as valuable as Home Oil Company. Ample means set apart for developing
Not a single assessment expected. Title perfect. ■ COMPANY 'UNQUESTIONABLE. Work
already commenced. For full particulars and prospectus address * ' ' ■«.-•
JOE D. BIDDLE, Gen'i. Agt,, 20 Montgomery Street,
Notify us If you wish some one to call on you.
how to Pdjust the noose in the first place
she would now bo occupying a slab In
the Morgue.
The patrol wagon was called and the
woman taken to the California street sta
tion by Officer Bakulich. It was found
that she did not suffer much from the
shock, and shortly afterward was re
turned to her home. She protested that
she was hanging clothes on the lines and
accidentally became tangled up in them,
but no one saw any clothes in the vicin
ity. The woman had been ill and had
summoned a physician about one hour be
fore the unfortunate event happened.
Mrs. Ferroggiaro is about 40 years of age
and has a husband who has been sick
for some lime; she has also two daugh
ters and one son.
A BIG FLEET.
Twelve Vessels Arrive Within Two
Days Chartered to Carry Grain
From California.
A large fleet of ships, most of which
will be available f<s% grain charters, ar
rived In -his harbor between Saturday
morning vtA Sunday night. There were
twenty .'easels in all, of which -number
eighteen were foreigners.
Twelve have been chartered to take
cargoes of wheat from California. These
twelve ships will carry 32,000 long tons
Of grain, and at the average rate of $8
per ton, will earn for their owners $256,
-" fr.-ight money.
A few were French ships, subsidized by
their Government at the rate of 34 cent's
per ton for each 1000 miles traveled in
direct course. Thr-se subsidies are paid
i.n the Oasis of the gross tonnage, so
that the quarters for the officers und'
crews are unusually large, there being in
I one case a deduction of about 900 tons
j from the gross.
Animals' Little Friends.
Band of Mercy exercises were held yes
terday by four classes of the I/ongfeilow
Primary School on Silver street, near
Harrison. Nearly all the ladies of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals have been at work organizing
these hands in the public schools, and now
th* membership of the pupils Is over 50 000
children. These frequently hold public
exercises, consisting' of songs, recitations
and compositions, the tenor of which Is to
impress the importance of treating: ail
dumb creatures with kindness.
Violated Fish Laws.
Salvadore Rappo, the fishprman who
was arrested for violating- the law by
fishing between the Ist and 15th insts!,
had pleaded guilty before a Suisun jus
tire of the peace, who imposed the pen
alty nf a $200 fine or 100 days in Jail.
Rappo decided to serve out the sentence
and save the money. Deputy Kercheval
yesterday confiscated 200 pounds of under
sized rtriped bass. The fish was divided
between the Youths' Directory and the
Red Cross.
_^ ADVERTISEMENTS. •- i
MOTHERHOOD Is woman's natural destiny.
Iy i Many women are denied the happiness of children
through some derangement of the generative organs.
Actual barrenness is rare.
Among the many triumphs of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
— I Compound is the overcoming of cases
4Ef%S£iT/ni R/hfSI? ! of su PP osed barrenness. This great
*&%Pi%Kr&iUt j medicine is so well calculated to regu-
gjLß™ late every function of the generative or-
€#F* ' gans that its efficiency is vouched for
4£*'|rJE E '£>}Jrff B'W m^^ k}' multitudes of women.
&B BLltkßiLß S ¥ Mrs. Ed. Wolford, of Lone Tree,
— — • lowa, writes:
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham— Before taking Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound I had one child which lived only six
hours. The doctor said it did not have the proper nourishment
while I was carrying it. I did not feel at all well during preg-
nancy. In time I conceived again, and ,~ w -.
thought I would write to you for advice. i^SSoL
Words cannot express the gratitude I feel ff^"^£»
towards you for the help that your mcdi- % j^
• cine was to me during this time. I /^p^'j&iSj&f^^^^^^
felt like a new person; did my work Jyi%^/j§tf \i\ tß^
up to the last, and was sick only a a^> I^V^lf *&»tJ3S3r
short time. My baby weighed ten /^^v;&^T^^?*ii^S >
pounds. He is a fine boy, the jEpWv'lP^Lr v^\ B
joy of our home. He is now six ~^T»*^^j(raJJ%^y^ % \B
weeks old and weighs sixteen IKm ,C j_^^Dß
pounds. Your medicine is cer- i^^^^^^f^ y ImIS h
tainly a boon in pregnancy." (Jsrsi§s^l[ lV f/ fwC-^M
Ever since my last child I l\ 'Wfi?/ \xJ^
suffered with inflammation of i WW , ' £&%g V\^
the womb, pains in back, left I /scWsJb S I^\
side, abdomen and groins. My IP^f '''' '£$¥* £k i \-^
head ached all the time. IMS ' jJ&k =if^Mt j^ijj\
could not walk across the floo- 'IfcHP' '"jS OH^ *^ w£?w_
without suffering intense pain.
I kept getting worse, until Y^&WflfflßßHßP^v^^W
two years ago I wrote to you . f^KVA^vf^A^^^
for advice, and began taking ' Sfex^^^
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. 'C^LjL^^-^
I had not finished the first bottle before I felt better. I took
four bottles, and have been strong and perfectly healthy ever
since, and now have two of the nicest little girls."
T/v 1 L.YDIA PINKHANI'S-- T /> * L.YDIA PINKHAM'S
h IIWI compound 7k£ hlhy| compound lZ r
cV " 1 Cut-Rate Druggists lUV cV " * Cut Rate Dru^i.ts tf} *
Drug Co. ll2B, Market Street. S. F. Drug Co. 1128 Market Street. 8. P.
I Will Give $1000
If I fail to cure any
jflrayaßg^X cancer or r»*«.r I
/2Sl^\ft*St&3^ ,*:s>- treat fore it scat-
IV yg^m^* l^ t&m*. tcrs or affects the
*SjT -**&ir- ribs Or other
(Itt^ $^L j|fi No Pain!
• \ •^xZ~?r»ijk /ence. 1000 cancers
S. "■=£?§ n now in my offices in
\ f I alcohol. I.adyattend-
\^ ,. 4 //-'// i v ant - Any hard
jdfffo '^: v /*2&* v lump anywhere
l^^^^^i^Any lump in a
Woman's Breast is Cancer
i If large always poisons the glands in armpit,
i when cure is almost Impossible,
BOOK SENT FREE . • ,
With symptoms addresses and testimonials of
i thousands cured 111 California. Write them.
: S. R. CHAMLEY, H. D., 25 Third St., S. F.
j SEND THIS to some one WITH CANCER.
[all ailments of men cured,
' DR. METERS & CO. have tne largest prac-
I tice and best equipped medical institution
on the Pacific Coast. Established 17 years.
PRIVATE BOOK and advice free at office
or by mall. All letters confidential.
781 Market St., San Francisco.
\ |
j AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
GRAND AND ENGLISH OPERA SEASON!
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
CAVALLERI A . . and . . PAGLI ACCI.
Friday and Saturday Evenings,
.. . CAR/WEIN ...
SUPERB REVIVAL. OP
...THE MIKADO...
Thursday, Sunday Nights, Saturday Matinee.
A Great Cast Every Evening.
POPULAR PRICES— 23 AND 50 CENTS.
Telephone for Seats, Bush 9.
OLYMriA c c o d r d . m s al-6n
The Only Free Vaudeville Show In the City.
MAURICE MONTAGUE,
America's Greatest Barytone.
....ruth~ne:lta....
Is Making the Hit of the Season.
DU BELL,
The Human Flying Machine.
ZOA MATTHEWS, the Rag-time Girl, and a
Host of Other First-class Attractions,
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT, EVERY FRIDAY.
ADMISSION FREE.
TWO JO7rUL, MIRTHFUL EVENTS TO-NIGHT. j
GROCERS' ALLIANCE AND SALESMEN'S !
NIGHT AND UNIVERSITY OF STAN-
FORD NIGHT
AT THE MECHANICS' FAIR, THE PAVILION.
Come and vote for the moat popular (rrocer
and city salesman. Tallest grocer, shortest
grocer and the youngest grocer will be meas-
ured, weighed and aged for special prize?.
Grocery clerks' sugar-wrapping contest; sales-
men's laughing contest. Do not overlook
Grocers' Night.
The student body of Stanford University and
glee club will be present.
Great Filipino Circus Act on main stags
In center of the main hall.
Positively last four days and nights of the
Mechanics' Fair, Filipino Circus and Filipino
Village, Industrial Exhibit. Bennett's Band,
Miss Raymond. !
TO-MORROW and FRIDAY, the German,
Italian and French bread contest and
exhibition.
FRIDAY NIGHT, Odd Fellows' Night.
CONCEPTS AND tU-SOitXS.
CHUTES_AND ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADGIE IN HER GEISHA DANCE WITH '
HER LIONS.
HIGH DIVERS — -
AND A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
"Princess," the Big Elephant, in the Zoo.
TO-MORROW— AMATEUR NIGHT
AMATEUR AMAZON MARCH.
|V.V: Phone for Seats, Park 23.
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MODJESKA.
Assisted by MR. JOHN E. KELLERD,
And a Company of Players.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday Evening,
MACBETH.
Thursday and Friday Evenings,
MARY STUART.
i Sat. Mat., "Mi Ado About Nothing."
SUNDAY NIGHT, OCTOBER 8.
"HOTEL TOPSY TURVY."
i . — — .
CALIFORNIA THEATER. Po?ul "
LAST SIX TIMES OF
BEN HENDRICKS
"A YENTLEMAN."
MATINEE SATURDAY at 2:15.
MATINEE SUNDAY at 1:30.
COMMENCING SUNDAY NIGHT, October 8,
EXTRAORDINARY ENGAGEMENT OF THE
EVER POPULAR
NANCE O'INEIL,
Direct from her London triumphs.
REMEMBER THE POPULAR PRICES
Evening — 50c and Sic.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday, 50c and 25c.
SEATS READY THURSDAY.
MATINEE TO-DAY" (WEDNESDAY). Oct. 4.
Parquet, 2."c, any seat; balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, 10c, any part.
HAWAIIAN QUEENS.
.FOREST AND KING.
FELIX MORRIS <£ CO.
JENNIE YEAKANS.
FRANK CUStIMAN.
SEYMOUR AND DUFREE.
TERRY AND LAMBERT.
STINSON AND MORTON.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
TELEPHONE MAIN 532.
CROWDED AS USUAL.
A Brilliant and Unqualified Success.
ALL THIS WEEK.
Planquette's Charming Comic Opera,
RIP VAN WINKLE.
NEXT WEEK— "GIROFLE GIROFLA."
- ■-■.«' . / •-•'. - '.. V* '■
Usual Popular Prices. 10c, 15c. 25c. 35c and BOe.
Best Reserved Seat at Saturday Matinee,
25 cents.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
ALCAZAR ™
A SUCCESSFUL LAUGH-MAKER,
ROLAND REED'S
Roaring Farce Comedy,
Innocent as a Lamb!
Fun From Rise to Fall of Curtain.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES T7lsc, 25c, 35c, Sic.
NEXT WEEK— "JIM THE PENMAN."
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1899- CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB— I9OO
Winter Meeting, beginning SATURDAY. Sep-
tember 23, 1599.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
, day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
i Five or more races each day. :
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat* leave San Francisco at 1! m. and
12:30. 1. 1:20. 2, 2:30 and S p. nv. connectln»
with trains stopping at the entrance to (ha
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
All trains via Oakland Mole connect with San
Pablo avenue Electric Cars at Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland. Also all trains via Ala-
inrda Mole connect with San Pablo avenue
cars at Fourteenth and Broadway, Oakland
These electric cars go direct to the track In fir-
teen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President
R. B MILROY. Secretary. .
Weekly Call,sl.oo per Year
78
isdest
KENTUCKY
FUTURITY WON
BY BORALMA
Driver James Maccy Is Pre
sented With $3i300 by
the Horse's Owner.
BMrtal Dispatch to The Call.
LEXINGTON'. Ky., Oct. The sunlight
of a perfect October day greeted the open
ing of the Kentucky Trotting Horse
Breeders' Association. The amount of ■
money said to have changed hands on the
. Futurity is estimated at from $60,000 to
990,000. The feature of the opening: day
of trots was the $16,000 Futurity, for three
year-old trotters. It took six heats to de
ckle the race. Boralma was the favorite
In the opening, selling for $100 against the
field $75. ldolita won the first two heats
in easy fashion. The favorite took the
third heat in a brush with The Bondsman,
and was second to Extacy in a head fin
ish in ihe fastest heat of the race, the
McDowell filly nipping Boralma at the
wire. The half was trotted in 1:04%, a
wonderful performance for a thrte-year
old. In the fifth Extacy set a hot pace
for the five-eighths mile and then broke.
Boralma winning easily. It was the same
In the sixth, except that the filly kept
iia.ee to the distance stand, then broke,
letting Boralma in. Boralma, Extacy and
Idolita were the only starters In the last
heat. Idolita was distanced, leaving first
and third money to Boralma. Boralma
was bought last night by Thomas W.
3-awson of Boston for $17,000 on condition
of winning the Futurity. The first money,
$7000, goes to Mr. Lawson. Mr. Lawson
won (46,000 in the pools. He presented
$3000 to James Macey, Boralma s driver.
Dr. T. C. McCoy of Klrkwood, Del., gave
Macey $1000.
The Tennessee stake, value $4000, was
won by Eyelet after dropping the first two
.heats to the strong favorite, Hal B. Hal
B was driven out In three heats and fin
ished in the ruck in tho last two. Truck
fast. Results:
The Tennessee, 2:09 i lass, pacing-, value
$4000— Eyelet won third, fourth and fifth
heats. Time. 2:06^, 2:U9V*. 2:08^. Hal B
won first and second heats and was sec
ond. Time, 2:06%, 2:08. Bell Boy third,
Little Thorn fourth. Colbert, The Maid,
11.,-:I 1 .,-: ■]. Fairvlew and Sally Toler also
started.
The Kentucky Futurity; three-year-oM trot
ters; value, $18,000. . :
lioralma, by Boreal (Macey).
10 7 12 11
Extacy (Marvin) 8 6 8 15 2
The Uonjsman (Thayer) 6 3 2 3 2*
•Risky; (Hushes) 2 2 4 4 3 •
Kin? Vosco (Van A very) 4 5 >'. 9 3 •
Grace Onward (Beachy) 7 10 10 5 4 •
Botty Hnmlin (Gens) 9 9 7 8 7*
The Merchant (McCoy) 3 4 9 t
X L's Brother (Payne) 5 3 6 7 t
ldclita (Marsh) 1 1 3 6 6 J
•Rilled out. fDrawn. (Distanced.
Time— 2:l3%, 2:11', 2:13, 2:11%, 2:11%, 2:14*4.
2:14 class, trotting; puree. JlOO0 — Lucille won
In straight heats. Time, 2:1014, 2:08% 2:10^4.
Improvidence Was perond ana Jvdnu. Cook third.
Iris O and Carrie Shields also started.
WTENET RECEIVES $17,003.
Indian Fairy Captures the Matron
St kes at Horris Park.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The fall meeting
of the Westchester Racing Association
bog;m to-day at Morris Park, with the
first running' of the 126,000 Matron stakes
as the chi/uf attraction. Charconac, the
virinor of the Futurity; Gonfalon and
(}uli3>.'ii wen scratched, but Mr. Jersey
was added, so that sixteen of the boat
two-year-old*» In training faced the start
tr. The Bromley I air, Indian Fairy and
"SVindmere, coupled in the betting, ruled
favorite at 13 to 5, with Brigadier, who
ran second In the Futurity, a strong sec
ond choice. They were off on the first
break to a strangling start and Runaway
Girl und Modrina rushed out to make the
running, closely attended by Indian Fairy.
Thin order was maintained to the dip,
whi-n Modrine begun to falter and Indian
Fairy .and Red Path moved up. At the
sixteenth pole Little Slack rushed In
dian Fairy to the front and riding 1 out
with bands and heels won by a scant
length from Red Path. Runaway Girl
lasted long enough to take third money
hy a head from KiFlashandra and Brig
adier, both of whom ckmed fast. O'Leary,
who rode Red Path, claimed a foul, as
he paid Indian Fairy shut him off when
he tried to come through on th« rail. It
was not allowed. The division of the
purse was $17,000 to the winner; $3800 to
the second and 52200 to the third; Sl5OO to
W. H. Jackson, nominator of the dam of
the winner; $1000 to August Belmont.
nominator of the dam of the second, and
J5OO to J. R. and F. P. Kenn<>, nominator
of the dam of the third horse.
Firearm was made a lukewarm favorite
for the Manhattan handicap over the
Kcllpse course and -won easily In 1:08%, a
new record fop the track. The old recoid
THEY WILL HONOR THE
GRAND OLD MUSICIAN
ft /f = %'$ Tuesday next. October 10. Verdi, the grand old man of the musical #
A i\ )) world, will celebrate his eighty-eighth birthday. The anniversary of '<
(/ \J/ the blrth of he musical genius is to be duly celebrated at the Tlvoli Q
ji Opera-house by giving a Verdi night. The programme of the occasion «
}£ will consist of the second act of "Aida," second act of "Othello" and tho iX
a fourth act of "Trovatore." The prominent members of the local • Italian i
V ■ colony have arranged to attend tho Tivoli celebration In a body, and are pre- y
V, paring all kinds of surprises in the shape of tokens of esteem to be presented X
J-- to the artists taking part, as well as to the musical director of the house. »
A Verdi's anniversary Is to bo made the occasion of national rejoicing A
v throughout Italy. King Humbert will confer upon the grreat musician the /)
decoration of the "Collar* del!' Annunclato" (Collar of tho Virgin). This is YE
x the highest honor within the King's power. It makes the recipient a member },
V of the King's household. Only twelve such decorations axe In the King's giv- [A
?< ing, and on the death of the so knighted personage th© "coilare" 1s returned ?v
ii to its royal source. ' i! j>
/> On his eighty-seventh anniversary Humbert offered to make Vcrdl an\
4/ count, but this honor tho old composer refused. In spite # of the extreme age jA
$ of Verdi there are still two new operas to be heard from the gifted master <sj
A. "King Lear" and "The Tempest." ' '?
<£ateat Stecorda Wfade in the <jtjold of Sport
was 1:09, held Jointly by .'Domino and T?a
nastar. The Jerome handicap it a mile
and a quarter over the hill was won clev
erly by King Barleycorn In slow time
from Maid of Harlem. Results:
One mile— Charentus won. Rush second,
Isaaor third. Time. 1:40%.
Five and a half furlongs— Starbrlßht
won. The Scotchman second, Allaire third.
Time, 1:04.
The Matron, Eclipse course— lndian
Fairy. 11l (Slack). 3 to 5 and even, won;
Red Path, 109 (O'Leary). G to 1 and 2 to 1,
second; Runaway Girl, 118 (Spencer). 16
to 1 and C to 1. third. Time, 1:1014. ivli
lashandra, Brigadier, MoOrine, . Wind
mere. Hammock. John Frits, Mr. Jersey.
La Tosca 11, Mayor Gilroy, Ills Royal
Highness, Precursor. Yellow Tail and Or
ihla also ran.
Manhattan handicap, Eclipse course-
Firearm won, Heliobas second, Toluca
third. Time, l:0S?i.
Jerome handicap, one and a qunrter
miles (over the hill)— Kin* Barleycorn
won. Maid of Harlem second, Sir Hubert
third. Time. 2:09. •■•
One mile, selling— Maximo Gomez won,
Jefferson second, Dan Rice third. Time,
1:40%.
DETROIT. Mich.. Oct. Two favorites
won at Windsor to-day— Topmast in the
mile event and Brulare in the Bix-furlong
event. Jockey Scovlllo fell off Crystalline
in the fourth race and Buffered a frac
ture of the log-. Results:
Selling, six furlongs— Shieldbearer won,
Tceeie F second, Percita third. Time,
1:14%.
Four — Northunibria won, Mr.
Brown second, J. L«ucille third. Time,
:13.
One mile— Topmast won, Vlrgie O sec
ond. Ennomla third. Time. 1:40%:
Six furlongs, selling— Brulare won. An
nie Lauretta second, Nckarnls third. Time,
1:14.
One and an eighth miles— Rena Camp
bell won. King Elkwood second. Red Pi
rate third. Time, 1:56&.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— ln the fifth raoe n.t
Hawthorne to-day Kla ifc. running ptrc-i'ig
and winning-, fell, and tho Dragoon fell
over him. The latter's neck was broken.
Neither Jockey was hurt. Weather clear,
track fust. Results:
Pour and a half furlongs— Fidel Youlin
wt n, The Lady pecond, Holace third. Time,
Six furlonm— Sly won, HorsefOiop Tobae
ra Becond, Bertha Nell third. Time. I:l4'^.
viw- mile — Salvabo won, Great Bend sec
ond. Koiiiid third. Time, 1:40%.
Five ami a half furlong! Ei i dOr won,
Foloco second, Innovator third. Tim©,
1:08' ..
One mile— TilMf W. won, D^fendor sec
ond, Elthollp third. Time. 1:42%.
One mile Defiance won, Maurice \V
. ond, RusWn third. Time, 1:4314.
SPIDER KELLY LOSES.
Joe Gans Wins the Decision Over
the Californian.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3— At the Lenox
Athletic Club to-night Joe (Jans of Bal
timore won the decision over "Spider"
Kelly of California In twenty-live rounds
of fast fighting at 134 pounds. Kelly had
the advantage of several Inches in height,
and held Gans off with left .jabs to the
face, but weakened toward the close of
the fl.tcht, and Gans won practically as ho
pleased. There was very little betting,
being the favorite at 2 to 1.
— •—
ReifE Wins, Sloan Loses.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— The Elvaston plate,
run at tho Nottingham meeting t
was won by the Variety gelding. Oi
p.-mo finis!-,. I s< -ond and Meta II
third, with Si. .an up. Seven horses rtrn
Curlongs. The betting was 11 to *
against Meta 11.
H. C. A - #
won • k stakes; Ta.ro i:. - i, with
.1; Lh< saddle, . i and Du
lruyue third. Nine horses ran. I I
..." I ag ilnst 1 'orm and 5 t-> 1
Inst Tarollnta. •
Phorwo(ju nursery plate w i.- : won
by Head Piece. Sloan n
.: was unplaced, l ■
The betting was 10 to l against
Booter 11.
Manatee, with Bioan up. won the Ren
tinuk Btakes; Lntlmidator was Becond and
Thorny third. Four horsei ran a mile
and a half. The betting was 7 to 4 ag
Manatee.
Ready for the Races.
LOS ANGELAS, Oct. 3.— The groat pac
ing horses. J.k» Patchen and John It. Gen
try, arrived here tins morni:  will
enter the great free-for-all raci at the
coming race meet here in the last week
of October. Both arrived In prime con
dition.
Green and Neill May Meet.
Boxers George Green ami Al Nelll may
meet in Woodward's Pavilion phortly.
Xi-grotlattons are pending: for a. match be
tween them. Ap both are anxious for tin
meeting litilp difficulty Is expected »n
bringing them together. Nelll's ankle,
which he injured some months sine* In
a friendly bout with "Tom" Bharkey, has
been restored to Its former Condition. ThG
men were matched once before, bui the
meeting foil through.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1899.
BERNARDILLO
HAD TO BE
PULLED UP
A Hot Favorite He Was Again
Attacked With Staggers.
Winners at Oakland.
Just as he had about disabused his
friends of the Idea that he was an Invalid
no longer, Bernardillo started a 1 to -
favorite at Oakland yesterday and was
again seized with an attack of the stag- |
gers. The distance was one mile, and the I
hooded horse was cast In with some very j
ordinary samples of horseflesh. He led
for something over half the distance,
when the bunch behind closed on him.
He ran out as the stretch was reached,
carrying Rapid© and P. A. Flnnegan with
him, ruining the chances of both. Ward j
then began pulling up the distressed
racer. The accident caused a gap to be
opened, through which Devin on the 10 to
1 shot, Alicia sneaked and at the wire
led Orady, a 59 to 1 chance, out a length.
After the race Trainer Jimmy Coffer said
that he would retire Bernardino, as his
malady seemed incurable. .
Of the other favorites three were suc
cessful. Clarando, the entry of Caesar j
Young, was accorded liberal support to
win the second event, but ran unplaced.
The bookmakers say money Is plentiful In
the ring, but notwithstanding this fact
the best they can do is break even.
Her first start this season Humidity
reigned a 1 to 4 choice for the opening six
1 furlong sprint, winning in ragtime from
Faversham. The latter was well backed
for the place and disposed of Jack Me-
Ca.be without effort. Billy A again started, j
but could not last the route.
AShen the barrier was raised on the I
seven starters In the dash that followed, j
also a six furlong run, Clarando, the la
vorite, with Ward up. was away seventh.
The gelding displayed speed but did not
llniah among the first three. Yule, at odds j
of (i to 1. came fast under punishment the
last furlong, beating out the leader, Neg
ligence, a head. Major Cook, a contender
throughout, ran third.
Jim Grant's natty filly. Princess Zeika,
turned oil another purse In the scramble
for two-y ear-olds after a hard-fought duel
with The Echo. The latter, piloted by Ruiz,
made all the running, and was only col
lared and beaten out in the last few
strides. San To mas closed e<;iial choice
with the winner In the betting, but de- <
veloped a nasty disposition, trying to take
the outside fence with Thorpe soon after
the start.
The fieet-footed Amasi made a runaway
race of the closing number, a six furleng
spin. This was one of the best betting
races of the day. there being no pro
nounced choice. Kovla, of the whole field,
made the gamest bid, but could not get
up, falling short by half a length at the
wire. Sorrow came from, the rear, finish
ing third. 
Track Notes.
W. F. Shulte and Captain J. H. Rees,
appointed on the committee by the Ameri
can Turf Congress to confer with the
local track managers, arrived here from
Chicago last evening. They will meet
Thomaß H. Williams Jr. this forenoon and
talk the situation over. W. F. Shulte Is
president of thr> Congress, while Captain
Rees is well and popularly known here,
having presided in the stand at Ingleside.
To-Day's Entries.
Flr?t moo — Five furlongs; maiden two-year
■Hi!lg.
5"6 Champion Rose. .inn .. Folfeno ion |
10 My (Jypsy 95 . . La Roma 95
96 Purmayah 95 66 Ella de Poy 95 i
Second race Grip mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olda and upward; selling.
100 iruba 100 102 Donator 103
(M)Tenrlca 103110? Ringmaster 103
lOst •■•■ II 10« 109 Fred Gardner ...106 ;
;•;■ Stromo 100;
Third race Six furlongs; selling; three-year
olils and upward; handicap.
lOC Magnus 95 100 Wilmeter 105 1
.. Irrltator 85 j .. Lavator U<i |
302 Charles Le Bel.. 951 .. Deerfoot 87
100 Wai —M 93! 97 1' F 112
SI The Offering- SB 1
Fourth race- Six furlong's; three-year-olds
and upward; Felling.
98 Meadowlark ....mo 99 Petal in? |
97 Correct 92 98 Weasel 104
.. Rainier 99 .. In=tlK;;trlx .. 107
.. Aprona 101! 112 Clarando 92 !
110 Mike Rice 110108 Jerld 105
77 Pananjlnt 10!>i
— —
Fifth race— One mile; polling! four-year-olds
und upward.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK, Tuesday, October 3, 1899. — Ninth day of
the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather fine. Track
fast.
S9 Snips lot; 93 Lodestar 107
24 R.*9'lrunnpr 104 93 Last Girl 101
103 Hohenzollern ...lttl 99 New Moon lul
Selections for To-Day.
First race— My Gypsy, La Roma, Champion
Rose.
Second race— Pure n, Donator, Tenrlca.
Third race— The Offering, Lavator, P T.
Fourth race — Mike Rice, Panamint, Petal.
Firth race— Hohenzollern, Lost Olrl. Road-
CHICAGO PLAYED
LIKE SCHOOLBOYS
CORRECT STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Clubs— W. 1,. Pet. Clubs— W. I* Pet.
Brooklyn ....D5 44 Louisville ...72 72 .800
Boston 90 63 .630' Chicago 72 72 .500
Philadelphia 90 55 .620Plttsburg ...72 72 .600
Baltimore ...8S 57 .693' New York... 84 .400
Bt. Louis 82 61 .56: Washington 50 94 .347
Cincinnati ..77 64 .540 Cleveland ...20 127 .126
CHICAGO, Oct. The home team played
like schoolboys to-dar and presented Ixmls
vllle with Fix of their rims. Cunningham was
effective and kept his hits well scattered. At
tendance, 200. Score:
Clubs— R. n. B.
Louisville : 10 12 0
Chicago _ 3 6 7
Batteries — Cunningham and ZHmmerj Ciilla
han and l)onohue. Umpires— ham and C/on
noliy.
WASHINGTON, Oct. B.— Brooklyn had an
easy victory in the first game to-day, but
\^'ashln?ton won the second by good batting.
Attendance, SOOB. Score, first game:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington .\ 3 8 d
Brooklyn i 18 13 1
Batteries— Evans and McManua; Hughes and
Farrell. Umpires— and Dwyer.
Second game:
Clubs- R. H. E.
Wa«li!npton S 7 0
Brooklyn . . . .'.7.7.'".".'.'.".'.".".'.' .7.7.7." 2 10 2
Batteries Weyhlns and Powers: M.-Tames
and McGulre. Umpires— Emslle and Dwyer.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 3.— The Phillies put up a
spiritless game find were beaten by the Orioles' -
hard and timely hitting. McOraw was hit
l on the r'.^lit elbow In the fifth Inning and hurt
p.. badly that he retired. Attendance, 7SO.
Scare:
Clubs- H. IT. H.
Baltimore 10 8 2
Philadelphia : 5 7 2
Batteries— Howell and Smith; Platt and.Me-
Farland. — Manaasau and Snyder.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 3.— Powell was hit hard to
day, but he mlKht have beaten the Pirates
with better support. l.eever was also hit hard,
but was lucky. Attendance, 700. Scores
. Clubs— H. H. E.
Ft Louis 8 10 3
Pittsburg 9 16 2
Batteries— and O'Connor; Leever and
Bowerman. Umpires— O' Day and McDonald.
BOSTON. Oct. For five innings Doheny
held the Bostons down to five hits and three
runs, after which they landed on him heavily,
and especially In the seventh. Attendance,
200. Score:
CTubß- R- EL E.
Boston 13 12 0
New York 4 8 2
Batteries— and Sullivan; Doheny and
Wilson. Umpires— Swartwood and Hunt.
OLYMPIANS ENTERTAIN
THE INSURANCE MEN
The Big Post-Street Building 1 to Be
Thrown Open to Them To-Night.
A Special Programme.
The first of the entertainments at the
Olympic Athletic Club under tho now
directorate will be hold ;it the clubhouse,
p OB t Btreet. to-night A varied pro
gramme, embracing- boxing, wrestling- and
till gymnasium sports, will be presented.
The Bpecial guests <>f the .-veiling will be
men from the Insurance offices.
A billiard tournament will be held in the
club late in November. The players will
in divided into three classes, in each ot
which three prizes will be offered. These
will be valued as follows: Thirty-five dol
lars for first. J2U for second and $10 foi
third. The games will be played on new
regulation tables that are about to be
installed.
loiter in this month the members of the
boating, cycling, swimming and other an
nexes will' hold ;i picnic ;it Escalles, a re-
Bori in Marin County. '
Break the Tandem Record.
BROCKTON, Mass., Oct. 3.— Ren Mun
roe of Memphis and Chnrlos McCarty of
St. Ijoiuh 1 ruk'» tho national professional
tandem paced record for a mile to-day
In 1:37 "-">. Th(> previous record was held
by Butler Brothers, 1:45.
THE TWELFTH
DISTRICT FAIR
HAS OPENED
Good Racing at the i rack
and the Displays Very
Creditable
Sneoia.l Dispatch to Th« Call.
TJKTAH, Oct. 3.—The fall races of the
Twelfth District Agricultural Association
began at the track near this city this
afternoon. The track was. In good con
dition and the attendance large. Results:
Half-mile dash for saddle horses—Lady
Clark won, Telegram second, Cottonwood
third. Time, :50%.
Quarter-mile dash—Telegram won, Sor
rel Bob r.econd, Iron Jennie third. Time,
:24.
Three-eighths and repeat —Suffrage won,
Lady Clark second, Ninety Two third.
Time, :SG ],£, :?.8.
The fair proper opens to-morrow. The
displays are the best ever seen in the
district. .
LYMAN MOWRY WAS CRUEL.
His Wife Granted an Absolute
Decree of Divorce.
Elizabeth Mowry was awarded the de
cree of divorce In her suit against her
husband, Lyman I. Mo wry, the attorney,
by Judge Troutt yesterday on the ground
of extreme cruelty. The parties were mar
ried In San Jose twelve years ago. They
moved to this city and took up their resi
dence at 316 Haight street, where the acts
of cruelty commenced. One of the chief
causes of complaint, as stated in the court
by Mrs. Mowry, was her husband's con
stant habit of smoking cigars alleged to
be of the Chinatown variety. His business
for many years was derived from Chinese
merchants and companies, /
Mrs. Mowry testified that she was a
professional singer, and that her husband
would come into her bedroom at all hours
of the night and smoke the noxious weed
until her eves were sore and her throat
affected. She had entreated him to cease
the objectionable practice, but without
avail. When she remonstrated with him
she was assailed with profane epithets.
Mowry kept up the same course of con
duct at 1719 Oak street, and at the Berk
shire. His wife says that sho was com
pelled to go to restaurants, as he was ab
sent so often that she was ashamed to go
into the dining-room for fear of comment.
Mrs. Mowry also said that her husband
had only given her $6 25 the last month
they lived together, and his conduct made
her so sick that she was at times inca
pacitated from engaging In her profession.
Her husband also abused her when he
was in liquor. Her testimony was cor
roborated by Mrs. M. 11. Lewis and Mrs.
Virginia Harden, and she was.given a de
cree absolute.
DUPONT STREET BONDS.
No Preference in Payment to Holders
of Thess Securities.
Albert Meyer brought mandamus pro
ceedings against Treasurer A. C. V/idber
to compel the latter to make payment on
Dupont-street bonds and coupons. The
case was taken to the Supreme Court
upon appeal by Meyer. The Undines show
thai when the demand was made there
was money to the credit of the bond and
coupon nmds In the treasury. Widber
refused payment because, prior to the de
mands Hi Meyer, ether holders of bondb
and coupons had made iplmilar demands
and had beefl refused, which gave them a
preferred claim against the fund indefi
nltely. The Supreme Court holds ihat
there Is nothing In the Dupont-street act
which gives preference of payment to
any. as relating- to the presentation of de
mands.
Another point In the contest was that
at the time Meyer made his demand cer
tain money had been deposited with the
Treasurer by the Tax Collector. A por
tion of this money was collected on ac
count of the Dupont*stree< fund, but it
had never been segregated or placed to
the cPfdit of the fund. The lower court
held that it was not applicable to Meyer's
demand. Meyer claimed this was in
error. The question was whether this
money so deposited in sacks with the
Treasurer could be used by him for the
payment of Meyer's bonds. The Supreme
Court held that this money was simply as
a quasi special deposit, and that the
Treasurer had no authority to pay it out
at the demand of any one or at the ex
pense of any fund. The Judgment and
order of the lower court was reversed
with direction to take further proceed
ings in accordance with the opinion ren
dered by the higher tribunal.
AN OFFICIAL VISIT.
One of the most interesting official vis-
Its of the present term was that of Grand
Chief Companion .Mis. Flora Jacobs to
Inter Nos Circle, Companions of the For
est, last night In Pythian Castle. The hall
had been converted into a r bower of ever
greens and Bowers, while ihe national col
ors were prominent as decorations. The
grand officer was accompanied by. Grand
Recording Secretary Mrs. L. Atw 1.
Grand Treasurer Miss Alice Ticoulet,
Grand Right Guide Miss May Bailey,
Grand Trustee Mrs. A. Davis and Mrs.
R. Kemp Van Ec, Grand Organist Mrs.
1■ ■: lan, Past Grand Chief Companions
Mrs. M. A. Duke and Mrs. Emma Har
rington, representatives of many of the
local circles and of Oakland Circle and
Deputy Grand Chief Companions Mrs.
Jennie Weisel, M. E. Licht and Mrs. 11.
Worms. The circle was complimented for
proficiency in initiation work, and after a
number of addresses th«'re was a luncheon
and then dancing for an hour. During the
evening the circle presented the grand
chief companion a toilet set in apprecia
tion of her Interest In the circle.
■ » ■
Hotel Burned by Incendiary.
PORT AU PRINCE, Haytl, Oct. 3.— The
Hotel Communal. In this city, was de
stroyed iast night by an Incendiary fire.
Tfn "other buildings were burned.
1899 Ramblers $35— while they last,
b '] Open Wednesday and Saturday Evenings,
'";■ BICYCLES
li| Will arrive about November I,
THOS. H.B. YIRKEY, Market k lOtt, S.F.
&Ast
GENTLEMEN
DRIVERS AT
INGLESIDE
Golden Gate Park Driving As
sociation Will Promote a
Big Race Meet.
The fall race meeting of tlie Golden i
Gate Park Driving Association will be
held at lnpleside track on the 21st inst.
The track will bo prepared especially for i
the trotters anil It Is expected the success :
of the Kprlng meeting will be duplicated.
Entries will close next Tuesday, at
which time the various horses entered
will be classllled. A committee passes
upon the speed of the horses and decides
where each one is entitled to start. Ihe [
choice bits of the programme will be a :
double team race and the second contest
for the Frai.k G. O'Kane trophy. This
Is held by J. ('. Ohliindt, who won it at
the Oakland meeting.
At a meeting in the rooms of the asso- j
elation in the Palace Hotel last night
Charles F. Kapp suggested a new method
of running a race, which will be tried at
the forthcoming meeting. By its spon
sors it is claimed that it may revolution
ize trotting races. In brief it is this: If
j a race has eight entries they are divided
| Into two heatß of four horses each. The
winners of these heats meet to decide [
the ownership of first and second money, j
The six horses remaining then race for '
third money. This Is expected to result !
in genuine raring from start to finish. The ]
scheme has its defenders and detractors, i
who will dlscut>B it ln all Its phases at I
their next meeting.
Polo in the Park.
A coaching parude in miniature ■will j
I start from the Palace Hotel shortly after |
2 o'clock this afternoon. They will be the j
private conveyances of Walter llobart, !
Frank Carolan, Peter Martin, R. M. Tobin ,
and other members of the Burlingame !
Country Club. They will go direct to
Golden Gate Park, where they will play '
polo ln the. natural amphitheater used |
as a public baseball field, west of the j
music stuiid. They will use some fifty ;
of the tier test ponies in the State during
the piHi^r'-HP of the game.
Polo as played by the Burllr.game men.
Is a brilliant, sensational Bpectacle. It
relegates football, baseball, boxing. Teddy
Roosevelt's Rough Riders and some circus
riding to the background. The teams are :
evenly balanced and as the players have .
bad a season's practice they are all ln
good condition. No admission fee is ex- |
acted, the play being out ln the open;
where all visitors to the park may view it.
Fly Casters in Session.
The regular meeting of the San Fran- ;
Cisco Flycasting Club was held last night j
ln the rooms of the California Fish Com- j
mission. W. L. Hewson and C. C. Strat
ton were elected to membersnlp. These
added to H. C. Wyman, George It. Foulks, j
E. A. Seifrldge, P. P. McLennon and Al- j
fred Sutro, elected previously, bring the
membership to I<X), the limit. The club has
prospered during the past year. It has
J'iKj in its treasury, and its contests have
been largely attended throughout the sea- )
GOLDEST WEDDING.
Mr. and Mrs. John Sroufe Celebrate
Their Fiftieth Anniversary.
Mr. and Mrs. JoVin Sroufe celebrated !
their golden wedding last nii<ht at their
home, 2318 Sutter street Besides being a
celebration of the fiftieth wedding annl
versary, the occasion was a reunion of |
family and friends.
Tli^ >-nure bouse was beautifully d<To
rated, and the guests, who numbered
more than luO, sat down to a dinner that
was of three hours' duration. After the i
feast dancing and general amusement
prevailed.
The event was noteworthy for more
than one reason. Among the guests were
Mr. and Mrs. L. C. Dodge and Mr. and ;
Mrs. F. W. Lougee. Mr. and Mrs. Dodge ;
will cele,brate their fiftieth wedding annl
versary !n a few days, and Mr. and Mrs.
F. W. LougtH? are already past the
fiftieth marriage milestone.
John Sroufe is a well-known liquor mer- I
chant of this city, having come here in j
the early days. He has been identified
with the business world of the Pacific
Coast since that time.
Mother Sues Her Daughter.
Suit for maintenance was filed yesterday
ln the Superior Court by Margaret Wall
against her daughters, Sarah Burns and
Margaret Graham, and their husbands.
Mrs. Wall, who la 70 years old, alleges
that she is without means and is unable
to maintain herself by work, and that her
daughters are able to supply her with the
necessaries of life, but for over three
months past have fr.ilpd and refused to
provide for her. Mrs. Wall has been de
pendent on strangers for her support, and
is now indebted to them in the sum of SfiO.
She asks that her children pay this money
ami $30 a month for her permanent sup
port.
To Signal Columbia's Victory.
Foremas A. J. Hinz of the Yolo Mills?
has perfected arrang-emeiits by which the
outcome of the yacht races, if the Colum
bia wins, will be made known to the pub
lic. He will blow nine blasts on the steam
siren attached to the mills. There will be
a brief Interval between each three blasts.
Foreman Bolandt-r of the Eureka Mills
baa ;i more hlphly developed musical
technique, and he will render "Yankee
Doodle" on his steam calliope. It has not
been considered necessary to provide
aprainet the contingency of the American
yacht losing.
Compulsory Vaccination.
IX)S ANGELES, Oct. B.— The State
Board of Health before final adjournment
rescinded a former action and adopted
new resolutions relating to the vaccina
tion of students ln the State Normal
School. According to the new rule all
students must be revacefnated at stated
Intervals.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
COMPANIES
I ARE BEING ORGANIZED
EVERY DAY.
SOME
I are legitimate, and will yield
I great returns to their stockhold-
I erg; others are "skins."
HOW
§| can an Investor distinguish be-
-3 tween the GOOD and the BAD?
g Only by investigation. Bonaflde
la companies are glad when an ex-
d animation is made by them. It
H satisfies their customer. It
H strengthens them with the pub-
H lie. It sells their stock.
I YOU ARE GOING TO BUI?
; It costs nothing to ask, Who
H are the responsible persons be-
-1 hind your company? What bank
I ' do you refer to? How much AC-
I TUAL work have you done? How
I much money have you received?
I And how much on hand? Show
6j your cashbook, contracts and
I leases. By what title do you hold
p your lands? We want you to buy
B from us, for we can give you
a greater and surer returns than
P any other company In the State.
g We hold your money in trust for
I thirty days. During that time
I you are requested to investigate
I us. If you become disatisfied, re-
I turn your certificate and get your
H money. Stock now at $5 per
; Ehare.
Is "Illustrated Prospectus" free.
H Local agents In nearly all towns
I in the State.
! AMERICAN OIL AND REFINERY
COMPANY,
I ROOMS 322-323 PARROTT BUILDING.
{ SAN FRANCISCO. |
|j OAKLAND 0FF1CE.... 460 TENTH ST. I
;Jyp PILLS
* are the best and safest {
[FAMILY MEDICINE:
5 for all <
\ bilious AND j
f NERVOUS DISORDERS:
> 10 cents and 25 cents— Druggists. *
4vs<-r OR- JORDAN'S great)
*M3SEUM OF ANATOMY?
§ £$ 1051 JU'.ZS? ST. tsi. Gta&Ttli, STCd. i
, \ QT The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
A iptii— World. V\Mkne-.ses or Any contracted m
V If i£sQ d:s>-.i-e p«-»ltl»»'ly enred by th^ oldest T
# [{& Hi SpecialiitcatheCoait Est. 36 years Q
$ ITS. OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES
A pf^^^H Coaiultition free and stri tly private. \
B B jS«LCT Tn uraeni personally or by letter. A j
i \R If MR Postnc Cure in every case undertaken. W
aPI! Hip Write for Book. FRILOSUPHVifi
' (I II M * liltl *' ilE » MAILED FREB. (AT
X H if' valuable book for turn) 1
7 OK JORDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. 9
ELECTRIC BELTS,
J^^^t^^M^i rrices from 53 50 to
i / ! V^-\^>VNX^V ;^\7^3^ * 25 - Largest manu-
! iKsa^r^ , N I^bß facturers In the I'ni.
>«ng^a^y£^>^®3*fe» ted States. No Quacks
connected with this
OP\§!!*&&&r^yP\ For particulars
j*" ' C^ For particulars
J^tJp 11 call or send 2c In
*Jy~ stamps for "Booklet
No. 2." Address
PIERCE ELECTRIC CO., 620 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel. S. F.
;g%,'-ff • W n^ 3! (^m
I A ■ 8H EkSb Ma hB A bmhkte
c 3 Cr 81 &•% Cr? I ' wT y £1
IJEADQUARTERS ♦o*o*o*o*o*o
*^*~" . o
° For tourists, travelers, societies ♦
♦ and associations that visit San o
0 Francisco. ♦
1 PALACE AND ♦
♦ GRAND HOTELS. ♦
4 The accommodations, cuisine, Bervlce °
" The accommodations, cuisine, service
? and location make these hotels desirable o
* for transient and permanent guests, i
? Rates on application. : * ■ "
♦ JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. O
o Manager. ♦
* ■*- °
o^-o-^o-^o-^o-^o-^o-»- o-»-o-»-o-^o-^o-^o-^
pr&i Chlelicater's EnjrUst: Dtnmezid Brand. '- -
IrC ftSBSVBOVfIL PSI I $
R &> bd *VJ 0 S* <i9 ¥ S"i lt* I ibbv
V .fMS^X. Orl|jlii»l and Only Seonln«. A
S^dfrtf^K S»rc, aiwari reliable LAOIC* uk
>^?> V-'jWS ""ggl't for CMchtittr, Enpliili K:a-Jrji>
f|* i ViJC'^)Js>i\'Twn</ Brand in H?<l iad C->i<l nnullic Vftsßr
— OgvfglioiM. •calod with blue ribboa. Take \^F
TO i#>i <9^no other. Rrfuo tintvjarovj mbititv v'
I / ~ fffllortt and imitate n*. At Drajjist«, or ml 4m_
ISI «3 ! .? I ."^r l ?.*» ror » onl r " 1 •"timonl»li JJJ
\ V . S» "lixllof far Loillea." in letter, by retan
•fa bj all I^<:a> urugjlsu. i>n mTaoavTv?
3v^t3 rw «^" Pcrnanectly Careil
P Fl '""nit? Pw»ent6d b»
' S ' X ISJ'I DR * KLIMS'B GREAT
j M H W SERVE RESTORER
PesitlTe cnr« ftr all JTtnoiu Littatrt. Fit; ipQnn
fj <-r«»^> end St. I'inM' X)<»c«. .'•un-.iorNerroosna'i
j» ■fierfintdar-cQie. i (itCMd 58 triol'botSS
■v freo.«J FitpiUeats, ttcj ijiaiieit>r»M ch»r«.onlT
sS when rMciTM. Srnd to Dr. Klin*, Ltd, Beilevn*
BB Ir..'.i-.--< f »f-!Uii"'. V. /rr'i 5... i-'.tltjsiphi,, PJu
/vvvvv|A/|Ag
I A PERMANENT CURE f
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhea ?
C and Glen, snarantced In from 3 to 6 <
c days ; no other treatment reqnired. l!
5 Sold by all druggists. S
Weekly Gall $1.00 w toIT ALL DEPENDS NOW
ON THE SUPERVISORS
Horace Davis Will Hot Accept ot a Weak
Ticket
Republican Leaders in the Good Government Canse Mnst
Bring Forward Eighteen Able Men for Service
ifl the Board.
LEADING Republicans, bankers, ' |
merchants! builders and pi-ufes
sional men who were so active •
in bringing Horace Davis to the j
front as the leader of the contest I
for municipal reform ar.d good govern- j
Tnent- should clearly understand that Mr. j
j 'avis' acceptance of the nomination for i
Mayor depends upon the character and
strength of .the men to be selected for the
Supervisorial ticket- The Information |
that Mr. Da.vis will not accept if the i
ticket for Supervisors falls below a high
Standard of worth and character is not j
derived from the gossip of politicians, but j
is obtained from a:-. authentic source.
The prominent business men -who fan- j
clod that their duties had been disci: . j
whan they obtained Mr. Davis' consent i
to accept the first place on the municipal '
ticket should take another and broader |
view of the situation. "When Horace Da- j
■via was invited to accept party leadership I
in this campaign, the committee com- i
posed of leading merchants, bankers and j
all around business men submitted to him i
a long list of names for the Beard of Su- !
pervlaors. The impression was conveyed, !
it' the statement was not directly made, j
that the •.■.en whose names wer© men- j
:icTi«d would sacrifice some of the time
devoted to private Interests in order to
ecrve the city.
Man whose services aro most in demand
ylead. business cares and private^ Interests
as reasons for non-acceptance ox the pub
lic trust. It was exp-ected that F. W.
I.'ohrmarm would be willing to 20 on the
£card of Supervisors but he pleads busi
ness engagements. Hope was entertained
that Patrick Crowleyi ex-Chief of Police,
a man thoroughly conversant with th«
"urge affairs of the city, would accept.
but sickness in his family compels his
declination. Jeremiah Mahoney, a man
of. experience and character, cannot see
his- way dear to accept. Excuses are put
forward by E. A. I>«ii!cke, Llpman Saohs,
I/?0!i Sloss and others.
Some of the politicians apprehend that
The Call will hurt th« cause of good gov
ernment by publishing the inside facts.
The Call believes that th© plain truth
Tvlll beneflt the cause. Horace Davis Is
<3olng all that mortal man can do to per
suade th© big business men of affairs to
BIG SCANDAL IS
PROMINENT CLUB
German Officers Are
Cheated at Cards.
Sz*cts.l XKroetch. to Th» Call. -
BERLIN, Oct. B.— Tfao locs deferred
-trial of the persons charged with gamb
ling- at the Club der Hermlesf began in
Berlin to-day and has already developed
a great sensation. A number of the Im
portant witnesses belonging to th» high
est families are reported to have fled the
country, or to.b« otherwise beyond the
reach of tha court Those present, how
ever, sufficed to demonstrate an, abomina
ble elate of affairs in the club manage
ment
The Associated Press is Informed that
500,000 marks have been lost within the
ebon period of the club's existence. Two
of the defendants— Herr Bruno yon Kay
cer, a Government official, and Herr Paul
yon Schachmeyer— ln the course of a sin
gle evening won 100,00) marks each, Herr |
yon Korecncr won 75,000. Count Egloff- |
ftein, Count. Stoch and Count Cohana lost i
from 50,003 to ,000 marks each. To-day
evidence showed the unmistakable use of i
doctored cards on several occasions.
Herr yon Kusseron, the bank holder,
tas fled to the United States.
Emperor William has given instructions
that be trial Is to be carried through to
The end without fear or favor, although
Count yon Koenigsmark and Herren yon :
Tea and Yon Prittuitz, members or the
■club, are in his personal entourage.
TO WELCOME KANSANS.
TOPEKA, Kane., Oct. 3.— The committes
Appointed by Governor Stanley to wel
come the Twentieth Kansas back to too
: "United States left for San Francisco at
1:30 to-day in. a special car attached to
the Santa Pc California train. Governor
Stanley, his wife and son, Eugene, ac
companied the uarty.
T. Little of Abilene, father of Lieuten
ant. Colonel Little, was appointed a mem
ber of the committee, but announced at
the last moment that be would, be unable
to accompany the party.
POSTUM CEREAL.
A COFFEE EXPERIMENT.
Not Likely to Be Repeated.
"The work of a newspaper corre- j
spondent involves constant thought and ;
fetudy, with consequent brain and nerve j
■weariness. It may interest you to know •
©f my experience with coffee.
"Some years ago I was compelled to |
give it up, and after a few years' ab-
etinence started its use again, at break-
fast only. Within a few weeks I was
compelled to abandon it, as I became ,
nearly paralyzed.
"During the forenoon of each day my
arms and wrists were so benumbed that
2 could use h 1:1 with difficulty. Alarm-
Ing symptoms began to develop which !
my physician informed me were the
forerunners of apoplexy. Coffee was
therefore foresworn. Milk, of which I
t -was very fond, made me intolerably
> |3rowsy-and stupid. .
"About two years ago my attention j
\vas ciillsd to Postum Cereal Pood Cof-
, fe^, and a trial was made, believing
that if it proved half as valuable as '
claimed it would be of great advantage j
to rr.o. On the first trial it tasted rather {
Insipid to our strong coffee loving fam- i
ily, but a little freer use of Postum and !
longer boiling produced a delicious !
-drink, and within a short time the !
members of the family, one and all, had j
.. - become lent advocates of Postum |
Food Coffee.
"In my own case it has worked won- j
ders. I work more constantly than
■ ever, but my general health is better
than at any time in my life, and the
symptoms of nervous trouble have
T.iiolly disappeared. About eight
months ago I made one more trial of
coffee, reducing it with nearly half !
milk. The experiment lasted four or i
five days, and is not likely to bo re- I
peated. The nervous suffering that fol- \
lowed was indescribable, and I did not ■
recover from its effects for nearly two '
weeks. ■ ;-.:
. "Nearly all o£ our neighbors are now
using Postum Pood Coffee, and it is
used almost exclusively by the large :
sanitarium in our city. A. Mavnard
Barbi Bailey block, Helena, Mont " '
Ik Post is sold by all first-ciasa gro- i
* re, and made by Postum Cereal Co j
'. Ltd., at their factory. Battle Creek' !
Mich. I
get in line and give some of their own
time, experience, judgment and energy to i
the betterment 01 municipal government, j
but he- is not receiving tho support from
his fellow-citizens . ,-.i ought 10 be ex
tended to him. v.
Delegations to the Republican Conven
tion have district favorites. The chair
man of the delegation frequently says,
"Mr. Blank is the choice of the district |
and we will accept no other candidate." \
The new charter expressly provides that ,
the Supervisors shall be ohosen at large. !
District boundaries should not b« taken ;
into account. True enough, th Mission, j
the Western Addition, the North Beach
district. South San Francis- i and the
business cent ere of the city should be rep- j
resented in the board, but the notion that !
each one of the Assembly districts should ■
have the nomination of a candidate is not
Justified by the charter. Under the next
apportionment of legislative districts the
number of Assembly districts will not cor
respond to the number of Supervisors. It !
merely happens that the nujnbers . now
correspond.
It Is assumed that the leading mer
chants, bankers, contractors, builders, j
professional men, property owners, manu
facturerS und taxpayers generally are sin
cere in their declarations that the future '
prosperity of the city depends i^rgely
upon an honest and proper administra
tion of municipal affairs, but they cannot I
get the good government so earnestly j
hoped for unless they turn out a:;.! get It I
themselves. If the business men start out i
right under the new charter an endless j
deal of future responsibility and trouble i
can be avoided. ;,••..' <
The. committee on Supervisors and the
prominent ' ■-.. ess men who "are pro
moting the reform movement can be as
sured of Horace Davis' acceptance if they ;
will go out in the> highway? of trade,
commerce a^id Industry an 3 get eighteen
representative, high-class men of ability
and force tr» go on the Supervisorial tick
et. Eighteen good men have already, :
through th»lr friends, consented to serve,
but the city now demands the service
of the best men. The cause of good gov- I
ernm«9nt demands the service of the most ;
intelligent and experienced men of large
affairs.
If the best men are not brought for- |
ward for the Supervisorial ticket Horace '
Davfr= will not accept the nomination for
Mayor. He !s not an office-seeker and
The Call speaks advisedly concerning his t
intentions.
BUSY SESSION OF
PORTUGUESE UNION
Officers Elected for the
Ensuing Year,
Sj>-clftl Dispatch to The C«JI.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. I— The Grand Coun- {
ell of the Portuguese Union is doing a j
vast amount of work at Its meetlnp. Mucli j
of the success of the Grand Council de
pends upon tho following commltteemen.
Who have worked faithfully:
General Committee— Mathew Maclel. E.
A. Cook, John Davis, Joo P. Lopes, M. S.
Lima, Manuel Silva, W. R. Congdon, Man
uel Mitchell, M. Caldeira, F. Caldeira.
Jose Garcia, J. L. Silveira and M. C. Bit
tancort.
Finance— Mitchell, Joe P. Lopes,
M. S. Lima, Manuel Silva, John Davis
and "W. R. Congdon.
Music— R. Congdon, Manuel Mitchell
and E. A. Cook.
Entertainment— John Davla, E. A. Cook,
M. Mitchell and TV. R, Congdon.
Accommodation — M.S. Lima, Manuel Sil
va and Manuel Mitchell.
Barbecue— Manuel Silva, Joe P. Lopes.
Manuel Mitchell, M. S. Lima and M. C.
Blttancort.
Ball— R. Congdon, E. A. Cook, Man
uel Mitchell, J. L. Silveria and • Joe P.
Lopes.
A proposition was brought before the
council to rate the membership according
to age in regard to assessments. The mat
ter was referred to the commutes on Ju
risprudence.
During the year twenty members have
died and twenty wives of members. For
members Jl-SOO is given, for wives of mem
bers $400.
The committees appointed were:
Mileage— M. S. Bullao, San Leandro:
Jose C. Rodrlgues, Oakland: M. F. M.
Trogueiro, San Francisco; M. S. Rodri
gues.
Credentials— 3. C. Dlavila, Pleasanton;
M, B. Quaresma Jr., Hay wards; J. F. San
tos, Petiiluma.
Laws— Q. Tavares, San Francisco: A.
M. Martins, Watscnvile; M. P. Silva, Cen
terville; J. F. Brandao, Oakland.
Jurisprudence — Antone Fonte, San Lean
dro; Guiherme Gloria, San Leandro; M.
T. Freitas, Hollister; M. B. da Camara,
San Francisco; P. J. Leonarda, Ceaiter
ville; J. H. Woods, Oakland.
Finance — A. J. Plnhirro, Benicla; "• Jose
Maria da Rosa, Oakland; M. A. da Mlna
ral; Haywards.
Press— Antonio Fonto, San Leandro; J.
G. Mattoa Jr., Centerville; F. J. Cunha,
Oakland; A. F. Cunha, Milpitas.
Appeals— Manuel J. Ramos, "West Oak
land; Manuel Fraza, Benicia; Manuel I.
Mattoa. Mission San Jose.
ties— District No. 1, Jose B.
:. v Iro; district No. 2, A.
trict No. 3,
J. v ;■ No. i. M.
to, Centervllle; (iistriei No. 5, A.
I". Cunha, Milpitaa; district No. 6, Jose
S. Neto, Mendodno! district No. 7, J. H.
Woo' I; distrii 1 No. 8, S. C. Dia
viia, : diatrltst No. 9, M. J. San
tos, Se< r amen to; district No. 10, M. B.
mento; district No. 11, M.
V. N . Mooo Bay; district No. 12,
• ■ • lakland; district
No. 13, F. A. da Costa, Merced; district
No. 14. Joas riorencio, Yreku.
A large portion of the day was taken up
in nominations and election of officers for
■ The officers elected are:
president, A. J. Ponlielro of
a president, J. Vala
dao of Oakiand; supreme secretary, L. J.
Martin of Ban T*-:'.t iro;; Bupreme treas
urer, J. (j. Matt atervllle; master
of ceremonies, .1. H. Woods of Oakland;
supreme marshal, F. F. Santos of Peta
luma; supreme guard, J. F. Jjrnr.dao of
Ucal examiner,
J. B. A. Cabral, M. D., of Centervllle: su
preme directors, A. Fonte of Oakland. F.
J. t'linha of Oakland, F. J. Lemos of Hay-
B, A. F. Cunha of Milpitaa and J.
Baptlsta of San Fran<
In the evening an entertainment was
given !n the opera-house In honor of the
lUnciL The pri.grammi; was as
follows: Salutation, overture and ' - Post
- >T;;n t h." by Uie B * le orchestra;
vocal solo, "Jußt as the Bun Went Down,"
.. Percy Eaton;
•: >n, City orchestra: vocal nolo, Mrs.
j Kerlin; piano solo, Ella Mitchell; vocal
solo , Miss Minnie Dyer; recitation. Mrs.
George Otto Jr.: remarks, A. M. Martin
of Watsonville: selection, orchestra: piano
and violin duet, serenade, "Summer
Nipht." Ei'.a and Marie Mitchell; recita
tion, Percy Eaton.
COMMISSIONER ARRIVALS.
Delegate to the Buffalo Pan- American
Congress.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1859. by James Gor
don n -nnctt.
PANAMA, Oct. 3.— Mr. Curtis, commis
sioner of the Buffalo Pan-American Expo
has arrived from the Boulh aad
Will leave Wednesday for Now York. He
had a long Interview with General Sarria,
who vras one cf th<» fow survivors of the
, steamer Montoya disaster.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1899.
GAGE INSULTS
GOVERNORS OF
MEXICAN STATES
Executive Displays His
Churlishness.
— »
SNUBS PROMINENT VISITORS
—^
HIS ACTIONS HASTENED THEIR
DEPASTURE.
Acknowledges a Call From Governors
Ortiz r.nd Canedo by Sanding
Them a Pass to Ride on
a Tugboat.
Th© churlish character of Governor
Gage and the fact that he lacks apprecia
tion of the dignity of his office has again j
been manifested in his treatment of two
representatives of the Mexican republic,
who were recently on a visit to this city.
It is no new thine for the present Gover- j
nor of California to insult bis own people; j
It Is not a novelty for him to slight dis
tinguished officials from sister States who .
have come to Caiiicruia expecting to re
ceive from our chief executive a display
of hospitality and generosity which is the;
boasted characterise of the coast; but |
the people ware not prepared lor the
humiliation consequent upon the highest
official at their State snapping his angers
a; two prominent diplomats from a for
eign country, who came- here on a. mission |
01 friendship with the object in view of
establishing closer commercial and social
relations between the nations.
uage = treatment of uiese visitors liter- ;
aliy arove mem away from the city The ;
Mexican Consul. A. K. Coney, is greatly ;
chagrined at the reception accoraed his :
fealow countrymen by the Governor of
California. ■ ;/; :*-'-..
Governor Ortiz of Sonora and Governor
Francisco Canedo of Sinaloa came to San
i'rancisco a few weens ago and became
the guests of Consul Coney. One of the
primu objects of their visit was to look ;
into the business relations of California
and the Mexican States, and if possible i
tiring their commercial ... rests still :
closer together. Their presence here was :
made known to the Governor and the of- ;
ncials of the city. Borne entertainment ,
wuti given the gentlemen by the Mayor-, i
but >;.;«;'• persistently refused to ac
ki:owlesge their presence.
Presuming that notice of their visit had i
not reached Gage the Mexican officials
called upon him personally at the Palace
Hotel. He did not receive them and they
left their cards, expecting that the Gov
ernor would pay his respects to them as
soon as he got around to it. Several days
went by and still Gage made no acknowl- I
edgment of the call and steadfastly re- j
fused to take cognizance of the visitors'
presence in San Francisco.
Evidently some one told him of the mis
take he was making: and Gage, made a
clumsy attempt to retrieve himself and!
make amends. This attempt added Insult
to Injury and so disgusted the Mexicans ;
that they left the State at once.
The third day after their visit to him at
the Palace Governors Ortiz and Canedo i
received an envelope from Gago. There !
wr-s no letter in it; 11 contained only the |
executive's card and a pans which, he had j
secured from the quartermaster's depart- j
rat-nt, U. 8. A., permitting the Mexican
Governors to take a ride around the bay
on the tug McDowell on one of nor regular
trips — the same style of pass that almost
any one can get for the asking. The gen
tlemen were so provoked at the Gover
nor's Idea of entertaining visitors that
they tore up the passes and returned to
their own country
"Governors Canedo and Ortiz were
sham"' treated during their visit to
this city, said Consul Coney yesterday.
"They were almost entirely ignored by the
officials. They are prominent men. In I
their country -and they came here for the I
purpose of bettering if possible the com
mercial relations of this State and Mcx- I
lco. They v •■• certainly entitled to some i
consideration, and I know that they fee)
keenly the eliiiht that was shown them. I
was greatly humiliated over the matter,
as I had led them to believe that they
v.-ould be treated with the consideration
due to their prominence In official circles
In their own country." j
DIVORCE SUITS FILED.
Unhappy Wives and Husband 3 Se-ek
to Be Freed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday by
Jacob Hiraohler from his wife Mary Ann
Hirschler. omthe ground of intemperance;
Lillian M. Anderson from her husband
William E. Anderson, cruelty; Emily C
Chrlst'T.Fen. cruelty; May E. Portley from
M. J. Portley, Intemperance.
Frank W. Buckman of the Buckman i
Paving Company is the defendant In a '
suit for divorce filed by his wife. Nellie
Buckman. The couple were married in
1883 and have four children, ranging from
9 to 14 years of age. Mrs. Buckman, who
lives at Hi Guerrero street, charges her
husband with cruelty, and asks for the
custody of the children.
Mrs. Anna M. Skivington of 652 Hayes
street has applied for a divorce l'rom John
F. Bkivington. foreman of the Riadon Iron
Works, on the ground of cruelty. Mrs.
Skivington complains that her husband
has treated her with extreme cruelty for
years past, and has often blackened her
eyes. On September 20 he assaulted her
and she was compelled to flee with her
two children to her parents. Shi demands
$100 a month alimony, a division of the
community property, valued at $10,000, and
the custody of the children.
Judge Dalngeifield has granted Maude
Helen Wells a divorce from her husband,
F. J. Welis, on the ground of willful I
neglect and desertion. Josephine Hughes
was granted the decree in her suit against
her husband, Tobias G. Hughes, by Judge ;
Troutt, for desertion.
Youths' Directory Bazaar.
The ladles of St. Dominic's booth re
ceived at the Youths' Directory bazaar
last evening. They were as follows: Mrs.
'W. J. Byrne, assisted by Mrs. 11. P. Kav- j
anagli, Mrs. J. Walls, Mrs. J. A. Duncan,
Mrs. Charles Hamilton McCourlney, Mls3
Novell GUlman, Miss Annie Coven ey, Miss ;
Marguerite Baseety, Miss Madeline- Cock- j
raj.c Miss Tilly Ar.nixti.-r, Miss Susie ;
Flynn. Miss Mary Connolly, Miss Matilda!
MeCourtney, Mrs. Ed Leonard and Mis*
Heaney. The entertainment was very
pleasant and drew a large crovl. This
evening the entertainment will be fur
nished by the ladles of St. Charles booth,
who are the following: Mr-;. James T.
Fennell, assisted by Mrs. William Molloy,
Mrs. F. E. Dunn, Mrs. A. B. Magulre.
Mrs. John R. Morton. Mrs. T. Pend rgast,
Mrs. William Broderlck. Mrs. Lawtctn,
Mrs. Ryan. Mrs. J. J. McDade, Mrs. J. J.
Greene. Mrs. E. Code. Mrs. T. F. Slat
tery, Mrs. F. N. Burnett, Mrs Cuslok.
Mrs. Regan, Mrs. Burns, Mrs. Ready,
Mrs. Gonzales, Mrs. G. McCloskey, Mrs.
L.amburth. Mrs. 11. Gleason, Mrs. William ,
Hamburg, Mrs. J. Powers. Mrs. R. Jla
hon, Mrs. J. McQuinn, Mrs. P. a. Ma
honey. Mrs. McCarthy, Miss Nora Fen
nell. the Misses McCarthy, the Misses
Richards, Miss A. Morrlssey, Miss Maud
Schmidt. Miss Ella Cusick. Miss Ntlllc
McCarthy, the Misses Doyle. Miss Alice
Code. Miss Agnes Morton. Miss Elvira
Brady, Miss Florence Mairulre, Miss Liz
zlo Horn, Miss V.ore Murdock and Miss
Gertrude J. Monohan. . ■••
One of the special features this evening
will be prize jig and reel dancing, for
which Professor McCarthy, bapml ..-r. and
Professor McMahon. Trirh fiddler will
furnish music. George B. Gallagher and
James A. Haran will act as judges. The
dancing is due to a challenge Issued by
O'Connor and Kelleher to th^ dancers of
the Montana regiment. Capl ' : >- P. Crow
ley of the Knights of the Red Branch
Rifles has offered a prize of $100 for the
dancers.
Patriotic Home Helpers.
The Patriotic Home Helpers, which wax
organized 'to . assist families whose pro
viders had gone to figr'nt for their coun
try 'without making: provisions for the
support of those whom they left behind
has issued its final financial statement.
It has received from sundry sources
$40<U 54 and fiXDended S4OSI OS "leaving a
balance of 12 88. Out of 126 families con
sisting of 378 persons, the society assisted
eighty-five families, numbering: 255 per
sons. Those who were not assisted proved
upon investigation to bo unworthy or im-
Dostors.
PRESIDENT WHEELER
MEETS HIS STUDENTS
Urges College Men to Be Loyal to Their
University.
The Arbiter of Berkley's Destiny Wins the Hearts of the
Stndent Body in an Eloqne.t Appeal to Their
College Patriotism.
BERKELEY, Oct. 3.— The students of the University of California saw
c their newly elected president this morning for the first time. It was a
happy introduction between some 2000 young men and women and the
man who has Just come from the East to be the central figure in their
college life. That the utmost good feeling is going to exist between Pres
ident Wheeler and the students was clearly shown in his bearing before
them this morning and their hearty applause to everything he said.
The formal introduction took place In the open air upon the college campus
shortly before 12 o'clock. About 4000 people gathered in a large semicircle arouna
the flagpole in front of the library building to watch the proceedings and to catch
the words of the president's address.
About 11:80 President Wheeler, accompanied by Professor Bernard P. Moses,
left the president's office in South Hall and walked toward the assembled gather
ing. 'At the sight of the president the college men raised their hats, and for a
minute the sharp, quick yell of Cornell University Went ringing across the cam
pus. As President Wheeler stepped upon the small platform erected for him he
was given three rousing cheers, and then came the
"Ha! Ha! Ha!
California!
TJ. C. Berkeley,
Zip! Boom! Ah!"
From professors and students alike, it was the college men's recognition of a col
lege man, and the new president seemed to feel, as it burst forth from the thou
sands present, that he was indeed from that moment the president of the student
body of the University of California.
President Moses had been asked by the students to make the introduction, and
he did it in a. lew weii chosen words. Professor Moses said:
"Mr. President: It gives me great pleasure, on behuif of the university, to ex
tend to yuu a hearty welcome on thes-.e grounds and to present to you this body of
students. They are California's most excellent pioduci. They are not the tran
sient guests ol the State, to be scattered later in the four quarters of the Union.
They are here at home, and except in rare Instances th>y are to remain with us,
to carry toward completion on these shores the social structure whose lounda-
Lready hiiU.
"It is, sir, the welfare of these students, the welfare of the students who are
to come after them, and therefore the welfare of the commonwealth, that must be
the absorbing object of your attention and thought. Their moral and intellectual
career mu^t be ihe justification of our labor and our living here.
•."ntt; of the university, it gl\es me great pleasure to present to you Dr.
Benjamin Ide Wheeler, president of the university." (.Applause.)
In reply, President Wheeler said: "Students of the University of California:
I rejoice that my first introduction to the university takes the form of an intro
dui tlon to \ou. Thus far this university has been to me more or less a thing of
the imagination. I have known of it l«"the form of statutes and reports, names
ties, iorms and observances. I have seen its admirable register. I have
honorable governing board in session. I have seen Its buildings, its
equipment, Its mechanism, its gardens and its trees. lint now, standing here in
t he golden sunlight by its help under this real blue canopy, I look into the faces
of the real blue and gold that constitutes the real, living University of Callfor-
Applar.se.) Nov.- from this hour I know that lam a member in a real and
living association, because lam joined in association with men. The only thing
that is of Interest to me in a university is men— and women. As long as I live
I trust 1 may never be Interested in a university of mechanisms, reports and
paper, but only In a university of human beings. (Applause.)
"it has been a solicitude on my part lest in entering a presidential office I
might be so absorbed In administrative things that my own loved teaching might
■•. from me, and It will be a disappointment to me if in any wise my
hail separate me from active interest in student affairs. Almost the
ation 1 have this morning in entering upon my work is the belief
that 1 am g ill g to know you and to have to do with you intimately; for all this
w irk oi the presidential office is burden and care. It is only done in order that
• : shed, the real object, the bringing forward of a uni
versity made up of students.
"1 want you to find In me— to believe from the beginning and throughout
ive in me a personal friend. (Applause). 1 shall i sard my mission
'..••:' as a failure if that is not the case, l want you to come to Bee me, and to
rsons. Tell me your names— l beg of you, tell me your names—
: ■ . ■•• me, for whenever I see a man that I have seen before I am
apt to refnember him and to remember a good deal about him- almost everything
- -•■ come up to me and say, 'My name Is ' and if
; ■ tifl to be Smith, give the initials. (.Laughter.) Please don't be afraid to
■ 'it petty matters, little matters. What interests you will interest me.
.)])•• i am going to have time enough to know about your petty affairs.
"Now there are a great many things that I am movi on this occasion.
- a stimulating sight. This golden sunshine coming down in genial, lazy
•■ ripened brown of these magnificent hills, ■■• Is me oi
■ It is more than Hellas that we have here. Greece looked out
toward the old orienta! world; Berkeley looks out through the Golden Gate
t' ward the Oriental world that has meaning for to-day. (Applause.) I should
like to talk to you about the glorious future that I discern for this university. I
should liktj to talk to you about the work we have to do here — plans we have in
band; but in the few moments that 1 have in this sup: me opportunity 1 want to
Bpeak to you about the one thing that, in my idea, is fundamental in the life of a
university, and that la university loyalty. (Applause.)
"A university is not a pla.ee where you come as empty buckets to the well
to bo filled with water or anything else. People are going to pump things into
you, to be sure, but you are going to pour most of it out again. 1 believe, from
mj ov.n experience, that after all we have to take upon ourselves the consola
tion that that does us th< most good which we forget most entirely. Those
things which hover on the superfices of the mind are oftener a stumbling block
than a help. It Is what goes over into spinal marrow, into real life, that makes?
US, and what we are going to get out of our university life is not hits of
knowledge, is not maxims and rules for getting this or that, for learning this
or that, for attaining this or that; but aft'T all It is this one thing that we
talk so much about and understand so imperfectly— it Is character. The men
you ti< to are men of character. As I grow older I corn.' less and less to re
spect men of brilliancy, and tie to men for their character. And what men are
going to get out of this university life is not what is pumped Into ihe pail, hut
what goes over into life. And It comes not only from the lecture room, but
from association with the best minds we find here in the student body—associa
te n with the whole life and character of the university. This university Is a
living thing: the real university is alive. Blood pulses through its veins. .The
. life of the men who have gone before is in it. It is not a thing of
building, nor of statutes, nor of courses, it is a thing of life. And what you will
get out of this university that Is worth your while, that will stand by" you, is
what you will get out of association with it as a living thing.
•'Therefore 1 say we are not a mechanism for providing j><?op!e with equip
ment; we are alive, we have a heart. And to the. family life I charge you stu
dents of the University of California be loyal. It is worth your while. It is
your duly. Be loyal to the university. Be loyal to all its parts. Say that you
love It. Those who take the misunderstandings and the quarrels of the inside
to ventilate them In the outside world are traitors to us. (Applause.) We are
a family. You cannot ma.kc a university out of minds and brains. In a univer
sity, as elsewhere In the world, heart is more than heads, and love is more than
reason. Hold you fast to that love for this university. Stand strong, shoulder
to shoulder, when you do Its work. Let every man according to his ability do
what the university asks of him. and let every man do in support of the other
man's work what he can. Let the quarter-back pass the ball, let the line stand
solid, let the, men guard the half-back, when he cornea racing around the end.
l^et us stand toother. Let us have at the University of California what we
call In football 'good interference.'
"This university shall be a family's glorious old mother, by whose hearth you
shall love to sit down. I^ove her; it does a man good to love noble things, to'at
taob bis life to noble allegiances. It is a good thing to love the church. It is a
good tiring to lov<* the state. It is a good thing to iove one's home. It is a good
tiling to be loyal to one's father and mother, and after the same thing It is good
loyal to the university, which stands in life for the purest things and the
cleanest, loftiest ideals. Cheer for her; it will do your lung:; good.
"It has done me good to hear your cheer ringing over the campus. My little
hoy (five or six years old), who is already a loyal Californian (applause), asked
n I started to come out here please to instruct him in the California yell;
and 1. to my grent regret, was unable to give It to him In the original. He looked
vi me and shook his head, entertaining some serious doubts Whether I had any
right to be the president of the University of California. And I shared his doubts.
But wo had not been In Sun Francisco many hours when th" yell w;:s learned,
"And so 1 say cheer for her; It will do your lungs good. Love her; it will do
your heart and life pood." (Applause.)
The president's remarks were received with continued outbursts of applause.
At their conclusion Fred Dorety of the class of 1900, president of the Associated
Students, extended a welcome on behalf of the students themselves. When he
had finished President Wheeler rose once more to speak before the gathering
dispersed. He said In conclusion:
"It has been good to be hire, i thank yon. I thank yen. I thank you a
thousand times f"r your cordiality and for your welc ime. May we meet tog-ether
now In the future often to consult and to Ftlr our enthusiasm together. But now
it ha? been -good to be here, and we will go into our homes in peace."
This evening: the members of the faculty held a public reception in honor of
President ajid Mrs. Wheeler in Stiles Hall. The building was tastefully decorated
and a pupperwaspervt-i during the reception. President and Mrs. Wheeler were
introdin ed to all the members of the faculty.
JUSTICE M'KENNA BADE
HIS FRIENDS GOOD-BY
LETT FOR THE EAST LAST
EVENING.
Judge Gilbert of the Circuit Court
of Appeals Handed Down Several
Opinions at the Morning
Session.
J-dircs Gilbert and Hawley sat In the
!'i ted States Circuit Court of Appeals
yesterday, and after handing down three
: b written by Judge Gilbert listened
to an argument on a case then before the
court and adjourned shortly after noon
until this morning.
After the adjournment Justice McKenna
shook hands with his friends and bade
them good -by after announcing that he
\\;i? about to depart for the East on the
afternoon train.
The following opinions written by Judge
Gilbert were hanoed flown by the court:
D. R. Campbell &. Sons vs. Moran Bros.
Company— Judgment affirmed.
I'nltfij States of America vs. Per.umbra
Kelly— Motion f«>r ar, order recalling man
flate will be allowed.
Henry D. P. Allen vs. Charles F. Allen
and Aaron C. Allen— Judgment affirmed.
Taxation, of Bonds.
The appellants' brief In the bond
case of the estate of the late
James G. Fair against the City and
County of San Francisco has been
filed in the Supreme Court. The As
sessor in the performance of his duties
assessed bonds of several quasi-public
corporations, which formed a goodly part '
of the estate, and the demand for' taxes
was refused. Action was begun to en
force payment, and this was contested by
the matter being taken Into the Supreme
Court. The contentions of the ropresenta- i
tlves of the estate are that bonds of rail
road corporations incorporated in this
State and operating railroads in more
than one ('.unity In this State are not as
sessable for taxes, and that bonds of
private or industrial corporations are not
: taxable.
DEPUTY LABOR COMMISSIONED,.
7. D. Kelsey of San Jose Appointed
to the Place.
J. D. Kolppy of San Jose has been ap- '
pointed as Deputy Labor Commissioner, I
I vice Cleve 1... Dam. term expired, who did j
such excellent service for four years un
der E. L. Fitzgerald. Mr. gelsey was a
memhf-r of the last Legislature, repre
senting his locality in the Assembly. As
a fact he was slated for the position of
Labor Commissioner, and for a time it
was supposed that he had the inside track !
for that position for political services ren
dered. However, the slate was broken
and Mr. Meyers of Stockton was selected, i
The selection of Mr. Kelsey for the I
place of chief deputy of the bureau will
cause much disappointment and dlssatis
. faction to not a few local aspirants for
the office. Some of the latter were so
i positive of their appointment that they
have been patiently waiting for the time i
to come when they would be called into
the office. Mr. Kelsey, while a politician, >
i has been chosen from the ranks of labor. ■
By trade he is a carpenter, and followed <
: this vocation before branching out for :
1 the uncertain honors of politics. He is '
expected to take office on the sth Instfc
Money back if Baldwin's Celery Soda falls
to cure headache, nervousness, eeaeicknees. 10c,
J3UI7TTM ATTQIW THE NERVES ARE diseased.
AIIILUITIAIIDIu causing exhaustion and
DESPAIR. MUSCLE TISSUES ARE UNNOURISHED, IN-
FLAMED, D SINTEGRATED. THE BLOOD IS FILLED WITH
MORBID WASTE MATERIAL, A POISON TO THE SYSTEM.
— - — Compound
Makes nerve fibre, nerve force ; keeps the
organs of the body in healthy action. The
blood is made clean, rich and in full quantity.
Muscle tissues are nourished, invigorated, and
the body is healthy.
J. P. Applegate, Red Bank, N. J,, writes : "For one year
I was unable to move, having inflammatory and muscular
rheumatism of the severest kind. After trial of the great
medicine, Paine's Celery Compound, I cheerfully recommend it
for the exhausted nerve system, loss of appetite and indiges-
tion—the three offsprings of rheumatism. My strength re-
turned. I can now move and feel no pain. This medicine
builds up the system."
T A - PAINES CELERY -- fs\ . PAINES CELERY -_
h (iWI COMPOUND Ikn hjhyj COMPOUND iCp
eVTT 1 Cut . Bat Drugrg^sts •S V V ,cv " * Cut-Bate Druggists " ***
Drug Co. II2S Market Street. S. P. Drug Co. 1128 Market Street. 5. F.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
34;: to 350 Geary Street, Abovr Powell. f " '
PERIODICALS, BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
COAL. COKR AND Pld IRON.
I f WI! SON Ft ffl fW Battery Street.
J- C-. nlLaUfl (X VU-, Telephone Main IS4*.
COPPERSMITH. '." "/.
JOSEPH FOX. Eupt. H. BL-YTH. iSgr.
CW SMITH Ship Plumbing, Steamboat
• TT- '111 11. and Ship Work a Specialty, 18
and IS Washington at. Telephone : Main 5441...
FRESH AND SALT MEATS. V
lAS DrtVCv * Cfl Shipping Butcher*. 1M
JAj- DUIEJU WU-i Clay. Tel. Main 1294.
FURS. : f.
JVf f fICCTin '4 Keamy tt., upstain. Latest
. iv LrUlJlAll, ityles. lowest prices, remodeling.
IRON FOUNDERS.
WESTERN FOUNDRY, &SE A £%&
tt. Cas. ngs of Every Description Made to
Order. Tel. Black 1505. .
PAPER DEALERS.
WITT AMFTTF pulp A D paper co.
TTILLAiULI IE 722 Montgomery street
PRINTING
E- C- HUGHES. Ell Sanscme st.. S. F.
THE HICKS- JUDD CO , fc'ggTb r «^:
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel^raphlo PARTRIDGE *» SgiSf 1 "*
WHITE ASH STEAM COAL, 9 ne lla?k
DIAMOND COAL MINING CO.. rt its GREEN
RIVER COLLIERIES, is the Best Coal in th«
Market. Office and Yards — Main street.
OBIT nntfll Corner Fourth and
ifIFF RIIYAI -""-'." ■•&
UHrLnUIHL g »" o..vjs.^s.0 ..vjs.^s.
.Vallsee checked rres.
A CONDITION AND NOT A
\ /:■■:.' THEORY
confronts the fastidious man that has
soiled linen and don't know where he'
can have it laundered without injury
f and in an irreproachable manner. We;
; can relieve his . mind right now by as- •
suring him that his shirts, collars and
cuffs didn't' look better when first pur-
chased than they do when sent home
from the United States Laundry.
"No saw edges."
United States Laundry. Office
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 420.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by j
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES, or POWDER
Paris, J. E3PIC ; New York, E. FCUGERA & CO.
BOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAKNT AND WASHINGTON' bio.-RE.
modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD & '
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 50 day-
-15 to $8 week; $3 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; lire era tea la every
room; elevator runs ell eight*
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Bank of England advanced its rate to 4 1-2 per cent.
Silver loner. No variation in Exchange.
Wheat futures weakened off somewhat.
Barley quiet, but at maintained quotations.
Oats in fair demand and steady. Corn and Rye dull.
Some changes in Beans. Seeds as before.
Hay continues weak under excessive receipts.
Bran turn and Middlings steady. Oilcake Meal lower.
Lumber continues active at firm prices.
Oils unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions steady and quiet.
1 r egetables continue to get scarcer.
Butter rather firmer. Eggs continue to advance.
Poultry kept weak by 1 m stock.
Game lower and by the hot rveathcr.
Summer Fruits dirninisliing in supply daily.
Dried Fruit market fairly active and steady.
Provisions in moderate request and unchanged.
Wool and Hops firmly held, but quiet.
Hides and Leather active and firm.
in ample supply and zveaker.
Beef, Mutton and Veal unchanged.
I 'tali Coal a-:
Charters.
The Fort Geirpe loads Merchandise for Hono
lulu.
Bank of England Rate Advanced,
The Bank of England has advanced Its rate
of discount from 3 1 -i to 4^ per cent. Gold,
according to this act, la very much wanted
in England.
Dried Fruit in New York.
The New York Commercial "its:
"Jobbers are receiving many orders for goods
for immediate delivery, and the condition of
the market Is more encouraging. Price changes
are almost Invariably upward, with the pos
sible exception of peaches, which are uncer
tain .■- yet. As a whole the better feeling men
tioned last week still prevails, und the out
look Is lor active business as soon us the
celebration is over and people really Eeitlo
down to the ordinary routine of trade.
"The announcement that the prices on rai
sins would surely be made to-day attra<ted
hardly more than passing attention. The fact
tl.at no prices except on standard grades
could b* made, owing to the uncertainty of
the crop, wus of more importance. The fact
that the old cr>>p is entirely sold nut iidJa to
the strength of the association's hi.ld on the
growers, nnj Indicates the Bagaclty of Presi
dent Kearny. It is likely that the raisin crup
has never been disposed of at tuch (rood fig
ure:- since growing became an important factor
in California's fruit Industry. Sales on th-
Fpot are small and nro limit.-d to such quanti
ties as are needed fur immediate consumption.
Prices remain steady at previous range.
"Prunes are moving mere freely, but so
far sales are comparatively small. It seems
to be a well understood fact that th^re are
Important deals in progress, but buyers and
rollers are still npart In their views, and It
is difficult to find out anything detiniti con
cerninE 'be negotiations now in progress. It
eeem* to be settled, however, that it is almost
Impossible to get anything confirmed below 3c
Vasls. f. o. b.. in bags. Sales of outside, goods
are reported at L'*iC basis for the fuur sizes.
but it is out of the question to secure details
of actuxl transactions. Small quantities only
are changing hands now uud the outlook
dr.esn't favor an immediate Increase in (-airs
cf ar.y Importance. After this week more ac
tive business Is expected.
"Peaches are quiet ur.d sa'.es are not large.
Prices are somewhat variable, but quotations
piv^n ever bulk of sales. The quality Of s.>m
of the arrivals is not up to requirements, and
fl 'iiiti' -
Jty goods Blightly hither figures would be ob
tainable. Trade is said to be Improving; but
os yet no higher prices have resulted.
"Apricots i-ontinue in fair ix-'iuest and prices
1 ■•• Ken^rally firm. Exporteta show consid
erable interest and some holders are demand-
Ing %c more than last week :or choice royal a
liii'i Moorparks. It is not known th;it the ad
vanced pri'-e has b^n i aid, but thßt It h»s
been asked is certain, and holders are confi
dent that they will get what they want a
little later."
IV cat her Report.
(120 Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN' FRANCISCO, Oct. 3—5 p. m.
The following maximum ...... were
reported from stations in California to-day:
L'ureka 7r! Pan Liiegn CC
Fresno fes Sacramento h ~
L-.k Armeies 7:! Independence :•>
Red Bluff SO Yuma M
Ban Luis OMspo . 78 1
Bar. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
to: minimum, IS; moan, 72.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL.
RECAST.
An area of high pressure has passed Inland
from the North Pacific Coast and now overlies
the country between the Sierras ad the Rocky
Mountains. The pressure has fallen two-tenths
of an Inch or more during the past twenty-four
hours from Roseburg to the mouth of the Co
lumbia ltiver. There are no Indications yet of
the approach of a storm on the Northern
coast. The temi crature has fallen from * to 12
degree? in Arize na. and baa risen from 6 to 10
degrees in California and northward to the in
ternational line. A maximum temperature of
M.6 occurred at Han Francisco.
Forecast made at Sun Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 4, ISSfI:
For Northern Callfornla-r-Falr Wednesday;
continued, warm Weather in the Interior, cooler
on the coast, northerly winds Inland, westerly
winds on the const.
For Southern California— Fair Wednesday;
northerly winds Inland, westerly winds on the
coast.
For Nevada— Fair Wednesday; continued
warmer.
Y. ■ Utah— Pair Wednesday; warmer.
For Arizona— Cloudy '\v< > 'inPEday; warmer.
For Kan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednes
flay; cooler In the afternoon, with light fog,
changing to fresh wmrt wind*.
ALEXANDER G. m .■■• r>raJ,
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS,
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. H.— The disturbed condi
tion of the. foreign markets for securities and
the upward tendency of foreign discounts
caused a break in :>r!ces at the opening of
the Stock Exchange here. The selling move
ment was quite active in the first hour ami
prices for the day, in the majority, were made
In that time. There v/uh some pressure later
In the day in obscure quarters of the stock list
But prices generally were better by the end of
the first hour. In the latter part of the day
the email volume of offerings invited bidding
up of prices. The level of. many stocks was
carried above that of last night, both In the
railroad? an Industrial department. No lar^e
offerings were brought out by the advance and
even the violent upward leap In the money
rate to 40 per cent after 2 o'clock caused ■.:-.:•.■
a slight setback in prices. They hardened again
and the closing was very ftrm In an almost
Ftagnant market or.d only slightly below the
beet of the day. There is a mixture of gains
and losses throughout the list. Thero was con
siderable calling of loans In the early hours by
national ban! whose reserves ure below the
legal limit. But the money rate did not get
above 20 per cent during this period, and at the
opening money loaned at 6 per cent. Before tho
afternoon flurry It had falien back again to 6
jier cent. It was after 2 o'clock when the rate
spurted to 40 per cent, and then dropped back
again before the close. The urgent demand for
money seems confined to tho Stock Exchange,
ami the small disbursements created by to
day's high rate indicate row limits of need
there. Time loans, though they do not respond
to the high rates for call loans, are not offered
in large volume. Call loan rates at neighboring
financial centers wed I me deposition to ad
vance to-day, But the severe stringency j seems
confined to New York and to a narrow specu
lative circle- In the stock market.. There..is no
evidence ns yet of :my disturbance of the course
of general buHlu« v for lack at money. The
action of the London and Berlin markets I
and th« weekly return of ' the 'lmperial Bank
of Germany indicate an urgent need for money
there Obviously no further movement of gold
to New York la to be expected in the Imme
diate future. No effect is yet apparent from
the October disbursements of dividends and in
terest, but some funds are expected to make
their way from this source Into the New York
money market before many uuys.
A hope la entertained in Btock market cir
cles that sutne measure of relief by the Treas
ury Department is Imminent, us '.:.>■ absorption
of surplus revenues is th« principal cause of
exhaustion cf the local money reserve.
The bund market was dull, but prices were
lower In response to the high money rate. Tu
tal miles, p:ir value. $1,295,000.
United States 2s declined H In the bid price.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Cloning
Sold. . • Bid.
'J.,-'jv Atchlaon i»'j
£l,loj Atchlson prefJ 81
8,250 Baltimore und Ohio iV&
Canadian Pacifla stJVa
2CO Canada Southern 62
200 Central Pacific Eti
2.215 Cht-kapeaJct: HiiJ Ohio 2i\i
-.t>2o Chicago Great Western 14
10,fc35 chl. aho, Burlington find Qulncy.7.l2S%
Jut) Chicago, Ind. and Louisville... . luV*
Chicago, In 1. unj Louisville prefd.. 42
£00. Chicago ami Eastern Illinois Hi
200 Chicago and Northwestern 164'j
3.525 Chicago, Rook Island a« Paclfle.T.lllh
1,27; C. C. C. ami si i.i>ui» S2Vi
Cw Colorado Southern r>
Cjluriid.. Bauthern Ist prefd 4o'a
2W Colorado Southern 2J pr.-M 16
611 l>elaware and Hudson 1214
I'lO Delaware, I^iok. and Western is.". 7 ,
1.2C0 Denver unO Rio lirande Wy
HO Denver and Rio Grande prefd 72S
Erie 12^4
SSO Erie Ist prefd :u\
1,200 Oreat Northern piefd 162
Hocking- Coal 17 r -»
Hocking Valley 32
i."3 lillnuia Mitral lll'i
lowa Central 13
SCO lowa Central prefd - 56^
M Kansas City. I'ittsbiirg and Gulf... S 1 ,*
300 Lake Erie and Western IBV2
100 Luke Erie and Western ...
Lake fchore SO6
1J.12-J Louisville and Naphvllle 76H
B.C2S Manhattan Elevated lu7V*
S.L'TJ Metropolitan Street Railway 1M
S.'.'.iO Mexican Central 134
Minneapolis and St. Louis 74
Minneapolis anil st. Louis prefd.... 91
3.0::0 Missouri Paclfto «3Mi
Mobile and Ohio ..4i
COO Missouri, Kansas and Texas ll 7 S
1,200 Missouri, Km and Texus prefd... V\%
200 Now Jersey Central li' ; ,
2.2:' New York Central iliSij
2. w0 Norfolk and Western 22*
3.CIU Norfolk and Western prefd Cii\
»,4*5 Northern Pacific Mi 1 ;
2.258 Northern Pacifla pr^fd 73
1,533 Ontario and Western Z:\~i
Oregon Railway and Navigation.?..' 4lV&
Oregon Hallway and Nay. prefd 78
i.'jSO Pennsylvania 130%
200 Reading 20\
2,610 Heading Ist ■•f.l M\
100 Reading 2d prefd 'M^
Rio Grande Western M 74
Rio Grande Western prefd TT 1 -;
454 St. Lou la ad Ban Francisco 30'^
Bt. Louis and S. F. Ist prefd 68
1.200 St. Louis and S. I". 2 ! prefd 3.",-%
St. I.*.>ulg, Southwestern 14
2,600 m. Louis, Southwestern prefd BSV4
17,950 St. Paul 123"
St. Paul prefd ..1734
300 St. Paul and Omaha 120
2,275 Southern Pacific 3CV4
1,075 Southern Railway :",
9,500 Southern Railway prefd 50W
1,210 Texas and Pacltlc i: -
12,620 l'tilon Pacific 41%
4,610 Union Pacific prefd 75%
1,050 M'abnsh - ~1 a
1.630 \Y. .:,..->. prefd Sl'-i
4.210 Wheeling and L. X 11%
L 922 • sling and L. K. 2d prefd 2:<u,
l<2o Wisconsin Central 1 • ■•»
V C C & St Louis 72V4
Express Companies —
Adam 114
American 147
United States 50
Wells-Fargo , 130
Miscellaneous—
C 23 American Cotton Oil 42^
700 American Cotton Oil prefd 92
ECO American M ting 15
2CO American Malting prefd c:>> 4
2CI American siting & Refining 36
COO American Smelting & Rpfln prefd.. Sri(^
American Spirits C
American Spirits prefd 5034
2,300 Amerhan Steel Hoop 41M,
8M American Steel Hoop prafd m\
13,6ri0 American Steel & Wire 4514
CIS American Steel & Wire prefd 93%
S2O American Tin Plate 37%
700 American Tin Plate prefd m^
L',.: 1 I American Tobacco in
100 American Tobacco prefd 14514
6.03G Anaccnda Mining Co 45
45.757 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S3
6,060 Colorado Fuel & Iron 54U
4,650 Continental Tobacco 40G4
2,100 Continental Tobacco prefd 91
E.SsO Federal Steel f,2't
1,600 Federal -- — . 1 refd 7714
200 General Electric 117H
725 Glucose Sugar ...
Glucose Sugar refd 102
SCO International Paper !.:"•,
710 International Paper prefd  -■■*
300 Laclede Gas " 64%
2GO National Biscuit ■. ,-,
National Biscuit prefd ' <^-y,
4"0 National c.-id  23%,
National Lead prefd 110
1,600 National Steel ■; ■■■ : ,
100 National Steel prefd '', f, 4 v
2;".O New York Air Brake '.mo
2,000 North American p«
Pacific Coast .] 45U
l'uclflc Coast Ist prefd ' gj "
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 03
1.2r,0 Pacific Mail ,"-' «v
< 8.253 • People's Gas .V.'..'lCS%
. 750 Pressed Steel Car ' ■■!
400 Pressed Steel car prefd " : .- *
2,013 Pullman Palace Car ]-■'
Standard Rope & Twine ' (ju
37,9fi0 Smear .'.'." 'l?- : '2
Sufrar prefd 11
-7.710 Tennessee Coal & Iron ijjj
5.724 United States Leather "" 13
5,200 United Suites Leather prefd '" 77v
1.030 United States Rubber 4612
Olfi United States Rubber prefd !114
350 Western Union ' ten/
1,715 Republic Iron & Steel "'" «-,2
20,210 Republic Iron & Steel prefd  7u^
40-5,200 shares sold.
. . CLOSING BONDS.
US 2s rep 100%, M X & T Ma «9
Do 3s reg IOT',-. 1 Do la 93
Do fa coup IOBV4 X V C Ist* '11154
Do new 4s re X ....130 NJ C gen 65.. l'O
Do new 4s coup.. 130 .%• Carolina fis i"7
Do old it reg .... 111 Do 45.... ■"mi
Do old 4a c0up. ..112 N Pacific 15t5...'"1,3
]> " ; " reg 111% Do ig iCS
Do Bs'COUp 111%! Do 4s loivt '.
Dlßt of Col 3.C55...117 NYA-St L 4s 104
Ala class A 107 N & \V con 4s 91%
Do class B 108 Do pen Gs 13.;
Do class C l 2 Or N'av lsts".;"";"iis
Do currency 100 Do is 102%
At T% h '■',•■ *■ %?A Or Short Line 65. .126
Do adj 4s 8614 Do con 6s 113 V
Cac So 2ds 100 ißeadine en 45.:.: «flu
ehe B & Ohio 4% 5 .. 9554 »i; w i«5...!::" It*
r ,^ o ." s -- ■••• J17% St L& I M con 65. 103% ',
Chi & N con 7b.... K5 Bt L Pat, S P ten . 124«
dVr^::::::^ St Pc & p ists....i2i v
D& R G lats m\Do 6s gL,
D° * s 98% So Railway "bb!!"."iO7W
ETV & G 35t5....103 Stand n & T 65... $3&
*■** gen 4 5... 70% Tonn new set 35... 94 "
I \\ & DC lsts... 75 Tex & Pac 15t5. ...113
Gen Elec 65.. ......116 ! Do 2ds 56
GII&S A 6» 108 U Pacific 4s 103
Do 2ds MS iWabash lsts 115
H & T C r.s 110%' Do 2ds M
Do con 6s 103 West Shore *3 112%
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1899.
lowa Cent 1et5.. ..113 Wls Central lets... 76
KCP & G lsts... 71 Va Centuries 87V4
La new con 4s 106 Do deferred 5
L & N r uni 4s 994 C & S -is 85
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollnr 40 Ontario 6 75
Crown Point 1 S 1 ) Ophlr &0
Con Oal & Va i 25 Plymouth 08
Dead wood v i Quicksilver 2 00
Gould & Curry 83 Doprefd .....7 60-
Hale .£ Norcross.. 25; Sierra Nevada 63
Homestake 65 00 : Standard 3 20
Iron Silver VI Union Con 35
Mexican 40 Yellow Jacket 25.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— .West End ?3%
Call loans 5^6 Do preld 113
Time loans 6©6 ; Westlnghs Elec 47
Stocks— Do prefd 68
Atch T £ St F.... 19*; UondH— *
Do preid 61^ Atchison 4s 99
Amer Sugax 13.) Mining Shares-
Do prefd 117 Adventure 7
Bell Te1e...., 360 Allouez Mln C 0... 5j4
Poston & Albany. .2<B Atlantic 28 '»
Boston El« 108 Boston St Mont ...815
Boston & Maine. ...199 Butta & Boston 70
Chi B & Q 125% Calumet & Hecla.
Ed Eleo 111 MS Centennial ?.!!%
Fltchburg prefd. ..l2l Franklin ~ IS
Gen Eleo ex div... 117 - llumbol.lt 2Vi
Federal steel 52 Osceola 84
Do prefd 77 ; Parrot 47
Mcx Central 13% Qulm-y 155
Mich Tele 103 St FV Copper 12%
I pid Colony 206 Tsmiarn.-k ' 220
Did Dominion 32>.6 ; AVlnona 8
Pubber 46Vi : Wolverine 40\4
Union Pacific 42 Utah 38 l , a
Union t<a,nd, 6V4'
Nezv York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. Money on call. Irregular
at 6340 per cent; last, loan, 10 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 8@5% per cent! sterling ex
change Irregular, with actual business In
bonkcru' bills at J4 85%©4 85% lor demand and
14 &O%£N SO-% for sixty days; posted rates,
$4 81V4@4 52% and f4 BC®4 86V4; commercial bills,
$4 isO:o4 61; sliver certificates, B9@s9Hcj bar sli
ver, 08c; Mexican dollars. 47 ■: Government
bonds, Irregular; State bends, steady; railroad
bonds, weak.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Tho stuck market here opened weak to-day
and went flat early un the announcement of
an advance la the bank rate of discount from
SV4 to 4Vj. he advance was made by the gov
ernors of the Bank of England on their own
responsibility because of the rise In the rate
at Berlin of from 6 to 'i per cent. There was
no panic and little excitement, but It was
decidedly weak, although there was a slight
rebi.und finally.
Lord Rothschild, despite the critical state of
affairs in the Transvaal, told Ills lends this
intuiting that there would be no war. Con
sols were down to 101% lor money and 102»»
for the N. ijetiil.rr account. At th close to
day they were Wl*i for money.
Americans bepun flat and went from 'i to 1
point under parties. New York bought sllght
ly, but the dose was flabby near the worst.
The Berlin favm It's— Northern Pacific, Union
Pn'>!ts.' and Canadian Pacific— were most de
preesed. A money squeeze is expected there.
HpanlFli 4s were at »?!«• Copper closed at %
4A, above the Wi rst. Intos were 44H- Ana
cini.'.as were !• 18-16. Two hundred nd fifty
thousand pounds sterling In gold was taken
out tor Egypt, £ r.fiOO for Peru and £93,000 in
bars were bought by the bank.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— Canadian Pacific, 80;
Northern Pacific preferred, 75; Union Pacific
preferred, 77%; Grand Trunk, T.: Anaconda,
t%, liar silver, quiet, K%d per ounce. Money,
4ii4% per cent asked.
New York Grain and Froduce.
v IRK, 1 let. I.- Fl.- )VR '■:■
eratejy active and
lotable change.
WHEAT— Receipts, 739.500; exports, 211,c."0.
Spot easy; No. 3 red, 78V* f. o. b. afloat spot)
No. 1 Northern Duluth, Bo f. 0. b. afloat to
arrive; No. 1 hard Duluth, M>i to arrive 1 No.
' 2 red, 7C* elevator. Options opened easleri
I with prices '■»•• lower, cables being dlsap-
I pointing and weather In the Northwest lv
i Vorable to the movement of supplies. Later the
! market advanced Y t a on renewed war talk and
Claimfl »l Increased export Interest regard
{ lug cash wiie^t. Again the market turned
easier following the publication ol Hradstreet'a
j visible supply statement and disappointment
! In the amount <>£ cash wheat taken by ex
' purters. Prleeß sold off %<Jp%c, with the mar-
I k--t finally easy at a net decline ol %c. March,
81%G82c, closed »Hie; May, 81 ii-ltii;S2 1 16c.
I closed BP.ic; December, 18 6-x6@79 1-lCc, closed
1 7i' I sc.
I HOPS— Dull.
j HIDES—
I WOOl^-etri.ng.
! METALS— LittIe of interest transpired In
'' the local metal market to-day From start
I to lln'.sli buyers and sellers were Indifferent.
; Spe'.ter alone showed Ihe least degree of firm
! ness, due more to favorable cable and other
j ne\v« than to Improved demand <r any special
I efforts of holders to Improve their position.
i Tin displayed a certain amount of weakness
i under sheer absence of support. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PlGlRON— Warrants, dull and nominal, at
1 $18.
1 LAKE COPPER Dull and easy, with *31 »0
' bid and $32 2. > asked.
! LKAD Dull, with Jt CO bid and $4 65 asked.
i The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and cop
! per, $18 37V6'51X f.O.
I COFFEE Options closed quiet, with Octo
i b< r 5 points higher, others unchanged to B
points net lower; pales 33,250 baRS, Including!
I October, $4 26) November, $1 30; December,
$4 55; January, $t 60; March, $4 70; May, H 85;
July. 14 8."; August, f'. Spot coffee—
steady; mild, steady.
I SUGAR— Raw, weak and nominal; refined,
I dull, barely steady.
BUTTKR— Receipts, 11,159 packages; firm.
I Western factor}'. 14©16cj Western creamery,
! 17iT24c; June creamery. ; :l'-iC.
EGCtS— Receipts, 10,173 packages; strong.
j Western ungraded at mark, 14S!Ko.
California Fruit Sales.
I NEW YORK, Oct. California dried fruits,
i steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES- Common, T%c;
! prime wire tray, 7%a'BV4c; choice, B%c; fancy,
■ !<i/9ViC.
j PRUNES :
I APRICOTS 12@13%; Mnnrpark. 14@14T4c
I PEACHES— Unpeeled. :\"i»r.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO. Oct. B.— Early Transvaal advices
contained nothing to Increase the apprehension
j of war and Wheat opened easier; December, 74*4
| ©74?ic; May, 77%©77% C, Those who had rushed
i to cover during yesterday's scare sold moder-
a tely. Cables were a disappointment, Liverpool
1 being up only Vid, while consuls showed an
: advanc-f. An advance set In following a report
that -hostilities had already begun. There was
a fat runs outside demand and the early sellers
asxln bought to cover their first sales. Undor
this Impulse December ascended to 74%@74%c.
: The advance was not held long. The nervous
feeling resulted In more selling and the price
slumped to opening figures. The last advance
of the day carried December to 74% c, but this
was also lost, the price sliding off to 73% c, the
i low mark for the day, and closed at 7<c. The
i break was due largely to the big Increase In
Northwestern elevator stocks, 6,000,000 bushels,
compared with 3,493,000 increase In September
of. last year. The announcement of this served
• a? a signal for a lot of selling and the war
news for the time being was Ignored.
Corn held strong the greater part of the day
altected principally by the Transvaal political
crisis. December closed at 30Vi@30%0.
Oats held firm, influenced less by war new«
and break less severely on the turns. De
cember closed at 23V«c.
Provisions were dull. January pork closed
7V- lower, January lard 2%<3jc lower and Jan
uary ribs 5c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
beat No. 2 —
October 72% 72% 72U 72%
December 74% 74% 73% 74*
May 77* 77% 76% 77 j
Corn No. 2—
i October 31% 31% 30% 30%
i December 30% 30% 30'.^, 30U
May 31% 32 21V* 31%
Oats No. 2—
December 23% 23 14 23% 23>;
May 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mees Pork, per barrel—
October 8 22% 825 815 8 17%
December 8 37'^j 840 8 32% 8 32%
! January 985 985 8 77% 9 77%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 5 47% 550 640 6 42%
December 5 55 5 55 6 50 5 50
January 665 570 6 62% 565
Short nibs, per 100 pounds—
October 510 510 6 07% 5 07%
January 515 6 17% 510 510
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm; No. 3 spring wheat, 66<372%c; No. 2 red,
73%@74%c; No. 2 corn, 81%@32c: No. 2 oatß. 23@
23Vic; No. 2 white, 25c; No. 3 white, 24%@25%c;
No. 2 rye, GB@sSVic; No. 2 barley, 37@46c; No.
1 flaxseed. $1 15: N.W. flaxseed. $1 15; prime tim
othy seed. $2 20@2 25; mess pork, per barrel, $G
©8 26; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 50© 5 60; short
rib sides (loose) . *$4 95^:5 30: dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), et^Hc; short clear sides (boxed),
$5 50®5 65; whisky, distillers' finished goods,
per gallon, $1 22.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13,000 12,000
Wheat, bushels .-.173.000 16,000
Corn, bushels 932.000 797,000
Oats, bushels 332,000 3. .9,000
Rye. bushels 000 800
Barley, bushels 188,000 . 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter '
market was firm; creamery, 16@»2U>c; dairy,
14@19c. Cheese, firm; ll^ia'l2c. Ekes, firm;
fresh, 16% c.
Foreign Futures.
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Oct. 3.— Earl Fruit Company's
Rales of California fruit: Grapes — Malaga, Co®
POo single crates; Tokays, Tsc. Pears—
lett?. Jl 50(5?2 65 box; Howell's, 12 85. Prunes—
Hungarian, tiuofflji 25; Italian. 9&cQsl.
Porter Urns. Company's sales: Grapes — To
kays, GOcCfill 15 half crate; assorted, IKJTI 35;
Muscats, :.."cvjjsi ; Cornlchons, $i COSfl 70. Pluma
— Ickworths, 76c half orate. Pe«irn— Rartlrtts,
1 1 3501 85 box; Easter B, $1 35', Winter Nellls,
$1 4.'. box. Twelve cars sold.
NEW YORK, Oct. 3.— Porter Bros. Company's
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokays, 70c
o*l CO half crate; Muscats, CSC!?J3 85! Emperor,
$1 10; Morocco, 80c®}2; assorted, 80c(gn 40;
Comtchona, $101 20: Peaches— ways, U 150
1 75. Pears— Bartletts, %2 30373 20 box; Glout
Morceau, $3 20 box. Seven cars sold.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— The offerings at the wool
auction pales to-day amounted to 10,743 bales.
The tone was steady, with prices ruling at the
late decline. Medium coarse stocks were rather
easier. The recent Blackening In the demand
Is attributed to manufacturers having filled
their requirements. The prospects of dearer
money Is causing many merchants and specu
lators to suspend operations for the time be
in*. Scoured merinos were taken chiefly by
the home trade. Many bales of medium New
South Wales and Queensland were withdrawn.
Locks and pieces were easily disposed of at
a very small decline. Greasy merinos Bold
steadily to French and German buyers. Cross
breda were In large supply, and as the qual
ity was fine competition was spirited. Medium
greasy was Irregular, owing to the withdrawal
of American support. Cearse stock was taken
principally by the home trade at prices on a
level with yesterday's decline. Sllpes were
largely withdrawn.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO, Oct, B.— CATTLE!— quality
offered here to-day was ordinary and the de.
mand moderate Prices steady. Good to fancy
cattle, $5 *■ 1" 05; medium grades, $1 fio'SS 75;
stoekers and feeders, »B@4 90; bulls, stags, cows
and heifers, $1 65<3* 23; common to prime
calves, ?4<07 4H: rangers, 13 1005 15; Texas
Bteers, $3 10@ 1 10
HOGS Trade was slow and the price Be
lower. Prime hogs, $4 1 --; '• 75; mixed lots, ft 45
(!J4 80; light hogs J4£f4 W; piss. $4 18©4 Cli :
culls, stngs nnd rough lots, $1 f>n<??4.
SHEEP were fairly active, with about yes
terday's ranee of prices quoted. They were
wanted at 52 r.off3 for common up to $4fi4 50
for snfid to choice flocks. Western rangers.
|3 f.O<s 4 10: feeders, $3 50-Jf 4 75. Lambs were In
demand at $4 25®4 50 for common up to J"> W'i
I for choice natives, with feeder* selling at $4 50
'.i 4 70 and Western rangers $4 60®5 10.
Receipt*- 6000; hogs, 23,00»! sheep,
16,000.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. 3.— Clearings, J525.525:
balances, 1120.565.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
PORTLAND, Or., Oct. B.— Wheat la offering
In Portland more freely than ships at port.
and for this reason there la a pause In the ad
vance. It Is still possible to work Walla Walla
wheat at «■•'-, and for something fancy 61 may
be secured. These prices are paid only for good
wheat. »md the bulk of the offerings will have
difficulty In grading up "to No. 1. For valley
there Is lens demand proportionately, but
choice stock will still command tv"UM. A good
part of bluestem for milling purposes will
bring £2c and possibly KIMtC.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. I The wheat market is firm
are steadily on the Increase, Club,
s'j' ; ; Uuestem, 81
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Oct. Consols, 102%; sllvVr. M%d;
French rentes, IOOf 80c; wheat cargoes off coai>t,
buyers and sellers apart: cargoes on passapre,
sellers nt advance of Id; English country 'mar
kets, firm.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 3.— WHEAT— Firm: No. 1
standard California, is 2 1 4<lig6s 3d; wheat In
I'a-ir. steady; Dour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, quiet; weather In England,
cloudy.
C* ITTON- Uplands, 3 31-82 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Bpol No. 2 red Western winter,
firm, fts '.id; No. 1 Northern spring, firm, ts Id.
Futures, steady) December, Bsl^id) March, (is
4t«.d.
CORN Bpot American mixed new, firm. 3s
H^il: American mixed old. firm. 3s "Vid. Fu
tures, quiet: October, 3s Rd; November, Ms 7 l )g>lj
December, 2.« T..1
Receipts of whfat during the past three days,
104,000 centals". Including 45.000 American. Corn.
12G.G00 centals during the same time.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange sixty days.... — 14 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — * S7
Bterling Cables — * *$
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Mexican Dollars *8 48%
Flnu Silver, per ounce — 68
Wheat and Other Grains.
■WHEAT FREIGHTS— last reported ohar- j
ter was at Sis Shi, usual options. The chartered ]
wheat fleet In port has a registered tonnage of !
43,300. against 12.550 ton* on the same date last
year; dlsengaEed. 19,117 tons, afrainHt 63,100; on
the -way to thin port. 195,000 tons, aKalnßt 154.- |
500.
WHEAT— future market fell back In
sympathy with a decline at Chicago. Spot quo
tations remained unchanged.
Chicago opened easier on large receipts and
latter market were 1 higher, as well ac at
Paris. There were more buyers than sellers,
however, at the decline. War rumors kept the
market nervous and unsettled. Later on good
speculative buying developed, and there was
a phenomenal demand for cash corn. Still ;
later the market turned weak, the outside buy
ing subsiding and the local crowd being over
loaded. In addition St. Louis turned seller on
a large scale and It was learned that Northwest
county elevator stocks Increased 4,00u,00u bush
els in September. ,
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $108%@110; milling.
$1 12VJ01 15. '
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— — December
12.000 ctls. $115?%; 4000. $116. May— $1 20%;
2000. JliOv*: 10.000, $120%.
Second Sesal m— May— ctls. $120%; 14,000.
$120*4. December— 4ooo, $1 15%; 10,000, $1 li>.
Regular Morning Session— December — MOO ctls,
1115%; 12.000 $116%. May- 2000. $1 20' i; 10,000,
$1 20%.
Afternoon Session— — 18,000 ctls,
UJS%; 4000. Uls'<; 56.C00. $115. May— 6ooo,
?1 20%; 32,000. $1 2GVi.
HA RLE Y— Prices were maintained, but the
market was quiet and featureless. Speculation
on call was at a standstill.
]". c I. 75<J?S5c: Brewing; 90@97%c; Chevalier,
$1@1 12% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— Seller '99, new
2000 ctls. S6Vic; 4000, . 86c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Red Oats are the best sellers this
year, as they seem to have caught the public
favor. They are In some demand for the south
ern part of the State for seed. Black ure also
selling fairly, but white are neglected on ac
count of their greater cost. White. $1 05@l 22%;
Red. $105© J 15; Black. 92%c<g$l 02%.
CORN— Stocks are reduced to a low point, but
the demand is so light that the market shows
no Improvement. Eastern large Yellow, $1 03;
White and mixed, $1 02' 3 05 per ct.
RYE— 9O«?D3c per ctl. The demand Is small.
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 60@3 75,
usual terms; bakers' extras, $3 40@3 50; Oregon
and Washington, $3 40^8 50 per barrel for ex
tra. J3 2iiy3 40 for bakers, and ?2 25(5'3 for su
perfine.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. ?3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, J2 75; Rye
Meal. J2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, 52 sn : ex
tra Cream Cornmeal $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 50!i?4 75;
Oat Groats, $4 7."; Hominy. $3 25f?3 M; Buck
wheat Flour. S4«J 25: CracKed Wheat, $3 75:
Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 SBOfi 9f,; In eacks, $fi 3r>igfi 75;
Pearl Hnrley, $5; Split Peas, $4 50; Green Peaa,
$5 per 100 lbs.
800
7,000
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Oilcake meal 1b lower.
Hran rules firm at the advance. Middlings
have not changed for a lonp time. Hay 1b
dull and weak under continued excessive ar
rivals.
BRAN— IIB 60017 f.O per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI 7 60®19 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Harley. $17 50016 per
ton; Oil Cake Meal at the mill. $2«®27; Jobbing.
$27 60@J8; Cocoanut Cake, 520@21; Cornmeal,
$23 60024 BO: Crncked Corn, J24@25; Mixed Feed,
$16@18 50: Cottonseed Meal, $28 per ton.
HAY — Wheat, $7<frB 60 for common to good
and $9519 25 for choice; Wheat and Oat, $65?
8 60; Oat, $6@S; Barley, (597; Island Barley,
.*-')' i.■",. ■", "0; Alfalfa, $507 per ton; Compressed,
$< 50«fl.
STRAW— 2S«?3Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
P.ayo Beans have advanced and are firm.
Pinks are weak at the decline already noted.
Otherwise there Is no change In Beans,
' though the general feeling is firm. Seeds re
main as previously quoted.
, BEANS — Bayos, $1 80®l SO; Small White.
$2 10@2 15; Large White, *1 (JSSI'I 8Q; Pinks.
$2; Reds. »4; Blackeye, »3 £503 3r,; But
ters, nominal; L,lmas, $4 03^4 15; Peas, $2 160
2 25; Red Kidneys. (2 50 per ctl.
BEEDB— Brown Mustard, 2Vs@3cj Yellow-
Mustard, 3->i@4c; Flax, nominal I Canary Sped.«.
3^c per lb for California and 4c for Eastern;
Affalfa, nominal; Rape, 2^lT3oi Hemp, 4®4^c;
Timothy, 45f4Uc.
DRIED PKAS— $1 sQif?l 851 Green. $1 73
@1 90 per Ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions are quiet and feature
less
I The Vegetable season Is drawing to a close
and pome kinds are slowly advancing. Corn
Is on Its last legs and hardly deserves a
1 quotation.
POTATOES— River Reo>, f)OG7Oc: Early Rose,
40@600s BurbankS, 4SieTon per ctl| Ballnas Bur
banks, '.'"■■ljsl 10; Hweet Potatoes, IIOI3S fer
I Rlvptr end fl BO for Merced.
1 ONIONS— 6O@7SO per ct); Pickle Onions, 60Q
j 7Cc per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 2H©3c per lb:
: String Beans, 1172' i.-; Lima Renns, imi2 l ie:
Cabbage, 40960 c; River Tomatoes, L0916c; Ala
meda Tomatoes, 16® Joe; Kkk riant. 40@50c;
Green Okra, 50966 c per box; Dried Okra, 12% c
per lb; Garlic, 2@Bc! Green Peppers, SfifDßOe for
chill and 40©S0c per box for Bell: Carrots 80(3
40c per sack; Bay Cucumbers, 30035 c; Pickles,
: Jl r>o per ctl f"r No. 1 and 50c for No, 2; Rvim
! mer Squash, 40c; Marrowfat Squash, SC'SS
per ton) Green Corn, 50c®$l per crate for Ala
! meda and for lierkelpy.
Poultry and Game.
Pnultr\' Is kept weak by liberal storks of
Fns'pm. Game Is lower, a? the hot weather
It. against !t.
: POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@l«a for Gob
lers and l!>'iTl6c for Hens: Young Turkeys, lTfv
lSc; Geese, per pair, |1 75@2; Goslings, $1 7592;
Ducks, }4 ( ff.'i for old and $4 f.O(Q6 for young;
i Hens. $4^3 50; Young Roosters, M 50®a 50;
i Old Roosters, $4 So©s; Fryers. $4; Broilers,
i $3 i'."/:;i 50 for large, $3fr3 25 for small; Pigeons,
j SI 26*11 50 per dozen for old and $2©2 25 for
Squabs.
GAM K— Quail. II 60©! for Valley, and
! for Mountain: Mallard, $3C6; Sprig. {3?to: Teal,
; J2fJ3: Widgeon, %i: Small Duck, $1 Bo@3|
: Doves, $1 per dozen; Grouse, — I Sage Hens,
I ; Hare, |1 25®1 50: Rabbits. $150; Gray
I Geese, $3: English Snipe, $i per dozen) Jack
: .Snipe, $1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market is almost bare of fancy cream
ery, though seconds are in nmple supply
Pickled descriptions are firm Ht tlie revised
Cheese baa not dinned for some
time.
Eggs continue to advance and stocks of
■ nla are ninnln? lew.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Farcy Creamery. 26^27c| seconds,
2-1 @ ere.
Dairy— e3©2lc; good to choice. 210
22c: Ftnre, nominal.
Pickled roll, 21H^22'4c; firkin. 21ifT214c;
creamery tub, 22 l i'ii'23 l <,e per lb.
Eastern, 17V4e for ladle packed.
CHEESE mild new. lies old, in*?
\t>- .*•; Young America, llQU^ci Eastern. 14®
Uc.
EGGS— Quoted at ?:<a2<ic for store and 30i£r34e
per daren for ranch: Eastern. 2lsr2sc for
selected, 2ZH@23c for No. 1 and 17«J21c for sec
onds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Wine Orates sold rather better at steady
prices, and Table Grapes were also In better
shape. Choice Pears. Peaches and Plums were
Bcaree. Figs were in smaller receipt. Melons
showed no change. Lemons were easy and
Limes very scarce.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Apples, 110-fiOc per bos for common and TSc
(T%\ 2' for _■ • '1 to choice.
BERRIES— Blackberrlea, J4 per chest: Btraw
berrios, J7IJ? per ohest for small and J2fi.l
fnr large berries: Raspberries, $3ff4 per
chest: Huckleberries, r</7c per lb; Wisconsin
Cranberries, JO 50 per bbl; Cape Cod Cranber
ries. Jl.
Grapes, 2"llur>e i»r Os c for Sweetwater, 25<3)
•10c for Black, 305j40c for Muscat, 85©600 for
Tokay. ■■:'-■<■ for Cornlchon: crates sell 10©
l.'o hlaher: Wine Grapes, J2l(iT25 per ton for
7 nfandel and $ir.'iJ2o for White.
Watermelons, JSSTI6 per 100.
CRntßlnupes, EOc^Sl per crate; Nutmegs, 85
9600 ncr box.
Pomegranates— Bs©soo per box.
pears. Bartlett, tl KO©J per b"Tj Winter i
Pears, 40G'7r>c per box.
Figs, 3r,(^r.oc per box for double layers of
black: white or* nominal.
Penches, 50cGS1 per box.
Plums and Prunes, 30c!j$l per box and
crate.
Quinces, 40i9!>0c per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Lemons, $I^3 for com
mon and S3i??4 for cood to choice: Mexican
Limes, SS'rjlif California Limes. JK3I 50: Ba
nanas. $1 '.Off 2 50 per bunch; Pineapples, Jl@
2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
The market for fruits Is unchanged and fea
tureless. There is no really weak description
In the list, and all meet with fair demand.
Peaches, roars. Nectarines and Apricots lead
In Dolnt of firmness. Prunes are point off
steadily, without any especial activity, and
Apples are kept up by continual Government
orders. Nuts and Raisins rule, firm, with ready
sales. Honey is quiet, though there is some
thin? dotnsr for export.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in sacks, B'^c for
40-50" 4Vic for 60-GO'a, S^c for 60-70"
S\io for TO-SO'.", 3®3Hc for SO-90's and
2'-.'i2»ic for 90-100's; Apricot*. lO(j?1lc for
Royals, 14(S'15c for Moon>arks and 12<3
12' |C tor Blenheims; Peaches, s"flic for Stand
ards, 6^c for choice and 7£(7'**o for fancy;
peeled Peaches, llfTl2c; Evaporated Apples, 6
(fiGMtc; Sun-dried, 4if?r.c per !1>; Nectarines, T%
ti*c per 11) for red and BS9c for white; Pears,
5©70 for quarters and "'i'fi'Sc for halves; Black
Figs, 3c; 'White Figs. C«CAc: Plums, 5V4@Cc for
dark and 7@7V40 for bleached.
RAlSlNS— Blenched Thompson's— Fancy, per
lh. 10c! choice, 9c; standard, So; prime. Gc; un
bleached ThomDson's. per lb, 6c. Sultanas—
Fancy, per lb, '8 1 4 c: choice, 7V4c: standard, 6%c;
prime, 6c; unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless.
PO-lb boxes, He: 2-crown loose Muscatels. 5Hc;,
3-crown. 6c: 4-crown, 6V4c; London Layers. 2
crown, $1 50 per box: S-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 .50: Imperial, $3. All
prices are f. o. b. at common shipping pointn In
California.
XUTS— "Walnuts. SUe for standards and S\c
for softshell: Almonds, 10UAll%c for paper
shell, S@9c for soft and 4 Woo for hardshell;
Peanuts W?t6\c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
B%®9c; Filberts, ll@ll%c; Pecans, 7%@Sc;
Cocoanuts, J4 5035.
HONKT— Comb. ll^c for bright and 10Hc for
light amber; water white extracted, 7'i@7»4c:
light amber extracted, 6*4@7c; dark, SHO per
lb
BEESWAX— 2-»<s:Gc per lb.
Provisions.
The trad(» report a fair demand at the fa
miliar quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. To per lh for heavy,
9%@10c for light medium. 11% C for light, 13c for
extra light and 13' 2 c for sugar-cured: Eastern
sugar-cured Hams. 13% c; California Hams. 13c;
Mess Be«f, $11 per bbl: extra Mess, $12 50; Fam
ily $14: extra Prime Pork. $12 50; extra clear,
$16 60: mess. $15if?13 50: Smoked Beef. 12c per lb.
LARD— quoted at G<SGVic per lb for
compound and 7%c for pure; half barrels, pure,
8c- 10-11. tins, S^c: &-lb tin?, Be.
COTTOLENE— 6"i@7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
There is a fair trade in Wool, both on export
and local scouring account, at unchanged quo
tations. There is nothing doing in Hops, as the
views of buyers and growers are apart.
A local circular says of wool: "A quick mar
ket for choice free spring and fall stock is the
rule. Extreme quotations can be realized for
strict]'.' No. l stock. The sales In Boston for
the past two woeks • exceed 21,000,000 pounds,
chiefly domestic wool, and the supply of desir
able stock in that market is being worked down
to a point that, insures a good demand and
good prices for months to come."
Hides continue firm and sales are quick.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about 1c under quotations. Heavy salted
steers, JKiTll^c; medium, lO^c; light, 10c; Cow
hides, SViS'lOc; Stags. 6c; Salted -Kip. 9c: Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, sound, 17c; culls and brands,
13c- Dry Kip and Veal, 16c; Dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20(g30c each; short
Wool 35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long \V 001,
90c<8$'l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt. $2<g'2 25 for
large and $1 2a@l 60 for small, Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4>4(fiac per lb; No.
2 i&i'iic; refined, : grease. 2<g2 l .ic.
' WOOL— Spring Clips— Valley Oregon. 17S'lSc;
Eastern Oregon, 12@14c for choice and 9@11%c
for fair to good.
Fall Clip— Joaquln Lambs. 8(i?10c; do
plains 7©SC; San Joaqyln and Southern Moun
tain, 7%©9 c; Northern free, 9@11.c; do, defect
ive. ' 7H<fl'-f P er lb. „ „ _
HOPS— Quoted at 10®12c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Beef. Mutton and Veal remain unchanged, as
the supply about balances the demand. Hogs
are In sufficient supply for the limited pack
ing inquiry, and extra large are lower.
BEEF— 7@7%c per lb for Steers and 6'--.^7c
for Cows.
MUTTON— Wethers, ' 7@7%c; Ewes. 6V6@7c
per lb. 
LAMH— Spring, Br£fSHc per for small 5%c for
PORK— Live Ho*p, r,H.<SC%c for small o%c for
medium and 5y 4 fflsHc for large; stock hogs and
Feeders, £W«JSHc; dressed Hogs. 7@8 J ,4c.
General Merchandise.
BAGB-Calcutta Grain Bags, 7®7%c; "Wool
Rap?. 26®2Se; Fruit Bags, r.V^c, sV*c and 60 for
the three erodes of white and 7@7%c for
bleached Jute.
BALE ROPE— Pure Manila, 14c: Sisal and
Manila Mixed. 13c; Duplex Sizes, 12c.
COAL— Utah descriptions are higher. ■Well
ington IS per ton; New Wellington. $8; South
field Wellington. $7 60; Seattle, $6; Bryant, $8;
Ceo6 Bay. $5; WaJleend, $7 50; Scotch, tS; Cum
berland, $9 60 In bulk and $10 75 in sacks; Perm-
I sylvania Anthracite Egg. $12; Cannel, $8 per
| ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate, $9 60; Coke,
j $12 per ton In bulk and $14 in Backs.
Harrison's circular says: "Since the AJa
nieda left the following cargoes of Australian
coal have been delivered here, viz: Dv Gues
clin. 2198 tons; General de Charette, 3058 tons;
Port Patrick, 2726 tons; Sea King, 2160 tons;
total, 10,142 tons. There are In the engagement
list twenty-one vessels, loading and afloat, with
a. capacity of about GO.fcQQ tons; of these only
three lire due this month, hence the stock on
hand i.f Australian will become almost nil
next month. Colonial fuel is being displaced
by our local coast collieries, as the cost de
livered here of the former Is too high, although
i the coals from Newcastle are very popular with
' some consumers, but the deliveries for the past
j Fix months nre diminishing, and are too spas
i modic and Irregular. The prevailing freight
I rates and the high cost of coal at Sydney and
Newcastle make shipments almost prohibitory.
The exceptional dralt this year from Australia
for the Honolulu market hay diverted vessels
1 from thin port, and has forced freights up,
1 so that tonnage for here Is absolutely unob
■ tamable at covering rates. This rush of fuel
, to Honolulu will diminish materially in the
I next nix months, as the moving of troops to
! the front must ease off before that time, and
transport! will be gradually dropped out of
I the service. A number of these same steamers
■ will eventually drift Into coal carrying on the
; coast here, and freights will decline in that
line In 1900, pay about twelve months hence."
CANNED VEGETABLES— Peas, $I@l 6U; As
parugus, - -; Tomatoes, 75@80c.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, $2 15-62 30 for
black mid ?2 15®2 30 for white; Peaches, $130®
186; Pear*. |16Q®180; Apricots, $120317'j;
Plums. 86c©»l 25.
COFFEE— l3'^fnoc for prime
washed; 11® 12&O for Kood washed; UV-!@lsc for
! good to prime washed peaberry; »®llc for good
• to prime peaberry) BS'llV»e for good to prime;
B@S%c nominal for sood current mixed with
black beans; B©9c for fair; 5%@70 for common
I to ordinary. Salvador— 9@llV4c for good to prime
'■ washed; s©B\o for fair washed; 9Vi<Bll for
good to prime washer! peaberry; ~%,@&\a for
good to prime semi-washed; 7Vi@S'.io for supe
rior unwashed; 7Via° for good green unwashed;
B ! !iCT9VtC for good to prime unwashed peaberry;
u'Stv'kc [or common to ordinary. Nicaragua—
14016^0 tor prime to fancy washed; S@llc for
' fair to good washed: 7VuT I Vie nominal for good
to superior unwashed; B«iig9Vic nominal forgood
! to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
' Mexican — 12@16V4c for prime to fancy washed;
9ys6fllo for go .1 to strictly good washed; B®9c
for fair washed; 7«T7*ie for medium; 4©6V4c for
Infrrlor to ordinary: Infill Vie for good to prime
washed peaberry; B%@9MiC for good to prlm<?
unwashed peaberry; ~'.\<ii i>hnc for good to supe
rior unwashed.
LEATHER— SoIe, heavy, 2"i(2Sc per lb; Sole
Leather, medium, 2."©26 c; Sole Leather, light,
25@26c; Rough Letather, heavy, 25(826c; Rough
Leather, light, Zu'iii'Mc; Harness Leather, heavy,
32f033c; HainefK leather, medium, 30® 32c; Har
ness Leather, light, 29'c?30c; Collar Leather, 15®
16c per foot; Kip, finished, 40045 a per lb; Veal,
JlnlFhed, :.' »56c; Calf, flnlsnea, 7So@|l 20; Sides,
finished. 160170 per foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14®
16c; rough Splits. ffflOc per lb.
OlL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 75c;
pure, $1 10; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled, 63c;
raw. file; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil. extra win
ter-strained, barrels, 470; No. 1. 42 1 ,4 c; cases,
Bo more; China Nut. 47@">8c per gallon; pure
Neatsfcot Oil, barrels, 60c; cases, 65c; Sperm,
pure, BOo; Whale Oil. natural white, 32% c; Pa
i cific Rubber Mixed Paints, white and house
: colors, Jl KOI 86 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@
i 2 2.1 per gallon.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE, ETC.—Water
white Coal Oil. in bulk. 13c; Pearl Oil. In
cases, We: Astral. 19c: Star. 19c; Extra Star
Oil. 23c; Klaine, 24c; Eocene, 21o;. Deodorized
Gasoline, In hulk, 16c; do, case«, 23c; Benzine,
In bulk. K>'sc; do, cases, 21V; S6 degree Gaso
line, In hulk, He; do, cases. 27c p«r gallon.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles, 6s, 16 oz,
BHo; 6s, 14 08, ';'-: 6s, 12 "7., 7'.ic; 6s, 10 oz,
tP><\ Granite Mining- Candles— 6s. 16 oz, 40s,
lOc; 66, 16 oz, 20s. lOVic; 6s, 14 oz, 40a, 9c; 6s. 14
08, 20s, 9Vic; (a, 12 ox, SV*c; 6s, 10 os, 7?4c.
Parafllne Wax Candles — Is, 2b, 4s and 6s, white,
lie; Is. 2s. 4* and fis, colored. 12c; 12s, white,
IIV'C: 12i«. colored, 12*40.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6%57&0; Red,
Lead and Litharge, fi^i'fKVic per lb.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 73c; In iron barrels,
6SO: in wooden barrels. 70c.
LUCOL— Boiled, barrels, 4Sc; raw, barrels,
46c; cases, 6c more.
i..>r l< vi :it - $18 per flask for local use
and Ml for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
i pany quotes, terms net cash. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, B%c; Pow- ;
dered, Hie; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated. 4 7 ie: Confectioners' A, 4%c; California
A. — : Magnolia a, 44c; Extra C, 4V: Golden ;
C, 4>^c; barrel*. l-16c more; half barrels, V
more; boxes, %o more; 50-lb bags, ! jc more.
No Order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its i
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels. 5%c; boxes,
f.%c per lb. Receipts from the Islands In Sep
tember were 43,230,200 pounds.
Lumber.
CONTINUED ACTIVITY WITH FIRM
PRICES EVERYWHERE.
The Pacific Coast Wood and Iron for Octo
ber says:
"Redwood has not been quite as active dur
ing the past month as In August, but the fall
ing off has not been very noticeable. The re
ceipts have not been as heavy In September,
but It Is always the case each year In this
month. Pine, spruce and fir have held their
I own, and the lumber business, both from a
| retail and wholesale point of view, is extreme
ly healthy and progressive. This is for San
Francisco and the near-by vicinities along and
across the bay.
"In Northern California the most encourag
ing activity is reported. The mining Interests
are making heavy demands for suitable tim
ber, and several large log drives have been
accomplished to meet the orders. Building is
going on rapidly and the evidences of agricul
tural prosperity are seen on all skies. In Hum- 1
i boidt and Mendocino counties the mills are I
j rushed with foreign and domestic orders.
"In the southern part of California reports
i show an ever-increasing lumber business. Or
ders are frequent and heavy, but difficulty is
experienced, as in the past months of 1899, in
getting suitable vessels for the southern route.
To offset this drawback, the local San Fran
cisco, Eureka and Northwestern shipyards are
busy with a number of new schooners. These
may neutralize the scarcity, but more vessels
I will be needed before long.
"In the Pacific Northwest the lumber busi
ness has never been better. The market Is nor
mal and healthy in Its evidences. Portland.
Or., is turning out about 850,000 feet of lumber
per day. Prices are advancing with the in
crease of demands and the present 'wave of
prosperity is carrying the lumber manufac- j
turers and dealers along at a merry rate.
Great scarcity of logs is the heaviest drawback,
and logging outfits are running on a scale I
never heard of before.
"In Washington every department of the lum
her market is happy. The foreign and Fast
cm shipments are growing and show heavier
exports than for years gone by. The Puset
Sound lumbermen see a bright future In the
Hawaiian Island trade. The Puget Sound lum
ber has secured a firm foothold in Hawaii, and
it is expected the. trade will grow to enormous
proportions with the growth of the islands.
"All in all, the coast lumber interests feel
like according a Dewey celebration to the firm
and steady condition of the lumber trade and
the advent of even better times."
LUMBER- Retail prices are as follows:
Pine, ordinary sizes. $15@17; extra sizes, high
er; Redwood, $17fflS for No. 1 and $15rf?16 for
No. 2; Lath. 4 feet. $2 2093 30: Pickets, SIS;
; Shingles, $1 7." for common and $2 75 for fancy;
i Shakes, $11 for split and JI2 for sawn; Rus
tic, $21@27.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR TUESDAY, OCTOBER «.
Flour, qr 5ack5... 10,224 1 'Wine, gallons 40.300
Wheat, centals .. 340 Raisins, boxes ... 1,500
Barley, centals .. 5.050 Chicory, barrels . 'co
Oats, centals 1,690 Straw, tons ...... 37
Rye, centals 370 Hay, tons 1,362
Butter, centals ... 133 Hops, bales 160
Cheese, centals .. 15 Wool, bales 449
Beans, sacks 4, 571 Sugar, barrels 1,950
Potatoes, sacks .. 3,163 par. sacks 220
Onions, sacks .... 619; Quicksilver, flasks 72
Bran, sacks 855! leather, rolls. ... 155
Middlings, sacks.. 22 Errs, dozen 5 340
Shorts, sacks 264 Hides, No 1058
Brandy, trallons . 2.250 i Pelts, bundles .. '378
OREGON.
Flour, qr sacks .. 524 Bran, sacks 7T2
Oats, centals .... 1,430.
AUCTION SALES
GRAPiD
AUCTION SALE
Of the Choicest of Well Trained
Trotters and Roadsters
Standard bred, sired by Charles Derby, 2:20;
Stelnway, 2:2f,\: Guy Wilkes. 2:15%; Junto,
2:22; El Benton, 2:23, etc., from the
OAKWGOD PARK STOCK FARM,
JOHN F. BO YD ESQ.. Proprietor.
THURSDAY.
THURSDAY October 5, 1893
At 11:30 a. m., at
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
721 Howard Street, Near Third.
Horses at salesyard. Rend for catalogues. A
rare opportunity to g>"t stylish teams.
WILLIAM G. LATNG.
Livestock Auctioneer.
SPECIAL PRIVATE SALE!
Philippine curiosities for sale at the M>-
chanks' Pavilion. Apply at Philippine Village
during the Fair.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a good business !n securities <-n
the morning session, and fluctuations in sev
eral stocks were sharp. Equitable Gas declined
to $S 87^s and Contra Costa Water to $69. Giant
Powder told from $7S down to $77 50.
The feeling was weak In the afternoon.
Equitable Gas dropped sharply to $5 12' 2 .
Spring Valley Water riVeiined to $100 75 and Gas
and Electric to $64 r: : i.
Mining: stocks continued to tend downward
I and the best prices were generally below those
lof the preceding: day. The telegram from the
' pump said: "Since last report No. 1 elevator
• ran nineteen hours. At 6:30 this morning the
: water was eight feet two inches below the
1950-foot level station. No danger of water
: getting on the 1950-foot level. Will run No. 2
elevator for a time, and both if necessary.
I Have been saving pressure water."
i The Gould & Carry assessment falls delin
! quent in office to-day.
The Coast Development Company of Tu
i olumne County has levied an assessment of
i 3 cents per share, delinquent October 30.
j The Gerrymander Gold Mining and Milling
I Company of Tuolumne County has levied an
! assessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
! October 20.
Sales on regular calls of the San Francisco
: Board thus far this year amount L 755.120
shares against 1,266,795 for the same time In
1&98.
i The Okanogan Free Gold Mines, Limited, the
i Rossland company operating a group of fr»e
'■ milling claims near Oro in Okanogan County,
| Wash., has declared Its first dividend of a
1 quarter cent per share. The payment will be
■ $3125, as the company is stocked for 1,230.000
1 shares. This payment Is based upon the first
i clean-up of the ten-stamp mill recently in
j stalled upon the property. The clean-up ag
gregates about $5000 from 468 tons of ore.
The quotations of $372 50 bid and $400 asked
for Bank of California at the Stock and Bond
Exchange are for the new stock, which Will
be ready for delivery on the 16th, the day of
the next and last dividend on the old stock.
The new stock is to be issuer: at the rate of
I two shares for three shares of the old. so that
thereafter the paid-up capital of the bank will
be $2,000,000 In 20,000 shares, instead of $3,000.
-000 in 30.000 shares. With the surrender of the
10,000 shares of old stock, shareholders receive
$1,000,000, or at the rate of $100 per share for the
stock surrendered.
The ore shipments from the mines of Eureka
; district, New, by rail for the week ending
September 29. were as follows: Bullwhacker.
I 66,840: Eureka Con., 289,080; Jackson, 33,600;
I Richmond, 72,170; Richmond Furnace, 30,320;
from Hamilton-Rocco, Homestake. 152,030.
The annual meeting of the Exchequer Mining
Company has been called for October 16.
The annual meeting of the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia Mining Company has been
called for October 16.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. October 3—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
V S Bonds— Mutual El Co. 14"* —
4s quar c0up..111%113 OGL, & H... 49 49%
i4s quar reg — — Pac Gas Imp. 65 66%
'4s quar new... — 131*4 1 Pac L. Co 41 41 L »
3s quar coup.. 108% — (S F G & E... 64% 64%,,
Miscellaneous— San Fran — 3%
Cal-st Cab 55. 116% — Stockton Gas.. 1] —
C.C Wat 65..— 109 I Insurance-
Ed L & P 63.130 — Firem's Fund. 22s —
' F & Cl Ry 65.114 — ! Bank Stocks—
Geary-st R ss. — 95 Anglo-CaJ 65 —
IH C & S 5%5.10« — Bank of .372%400
L A Ry Ss;T..IOSUIO6Vi:CaI SD & T.. — 93
L AL Co 65.. 99 — I First Nationl.. — 245
D gntd fis.. 99 — Lon P & A....128% — .
Do gntd us.. — — Mer Exchange — 16
1 L A & P R 55. 103 lOlii Nev Nat 8k..183 185
Market-st 65..125%129 , Savings Hanks-
Do Ist M 85.115 — ;Ger S & L...1650 —
IVCN G 11 75. 112 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
■ N R*of Cal 6s. 114 — Mut Say 8k... — 42%
NR of Cal 55. 112% — 1 F Say U....500 £15
NPC R R 65. 105 108 Say & L 50... — 82%
NPCRH 55.106 4 — Sec Say 8k... — 310
N Cal R R 55. 11 l — Union T C 0.1400 1440
0 G L & H 5s — 111 ! Street Railroads-
Oak Trans 65. 11 l 112 California ....121 —
Om C Ry 65.. — — Geary 50 —
P&CI Ry 63.106 — Market-st .... 63% 64
Pk &O Ry 68.115 — Oak SL& H. — 50
Powell-Bt R65.118 — Presidio 17 —
Sac El G&Ros. - — r , Powder— ,„ „„_
SF& V P 55.113V> — California ....150 165
SR& 8 J V85.114%114% E Dynamite ..85 —
B Ry'of Cal 6s.lOS', 3 — Giant Con Co. 78 7S#
! SP of A >-■*....- 113% Vigorit 2%
-! S P C 65(1905). — — ; Sugar—
| SPC6sO9O6).— - Hana P C 0.... 13% 13%
'S P C 68(1912) .117% - Haw C&SCo 96 97
!qpc Is c , 5. 10°% — Honokaa S Co 34% —
Ipßr 6s ' *1 2 " — '■ Hutch SPCo 30 30Vi
S V Wat 68. ..114 114%|Kilauea S Co.. — 30
S V Wat 45... 104 104% , Makaweli SC. — 49%
SV W 45(3dm)101% — ' Onomea S Co. 39 39%
Stktn Gas .104 104% Paauhau SCo — 37
" Water Stocks ! Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 68% 70 |A 1 Pack Assn. — 117%
Marin County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. — 101 Oceanic S Co.. 65% 88 "
Gas and Electric- Pac A F A.... 1% -
Central Gas Co — — i lac C Bor C 0.145 —
,> nt P... 6 - Par Paint Co. 8% -
Equit G L. Co. 5>4 6%
Morning Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association 117 87%
60 California Safe Deposit 97 00
25 Contra Costa Water 70 00
5 Contra Costa Water 69 87%
10 Contra Costa Water 69 00
SO Equitable Gas 7 25
50 Equitable Gas 7 12%
100 Equitable Gas 7 00
50 Equitable Gas 6 57%
20 Giant Powder Con 78 00
10 Giant Powder C0n...... 77 75
50 Giant Powder Con. s 90 77 50
50 Giant Powder Con • 77 62%
90 Hana Plantation Co. cash 13 87%
Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar Co.. 96 50
15 Hutchinson S V Co M 00
95 a F Gas & Electric Co 64 62%
2 S f Gas ft Electric Co 65 00
2 Spring Valley Water 10125
Sireer —
$5000 S F & N P Railway bonds 113 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
35 Contra Costa Water 69 25
25 Contra Costa Water 69 00
100 Equitable Gas 6 00
lf.o Equitable Gas .-, 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 13 57%
10 Hona Plantation Co 13 75
15 Hutchlnpon S P Co 30 CO
50 Mutual Electric Light 15 00
20 Oakland Gas 49 00
6 Oakland Gas : 49 50
115 Onomea Sugar Co 39 00
5 s F Gas & Electric Co 64 50
45 S F Gas & Electric Co  64 62%
5 Spring Valley Water 10100
10 Spring Valley Water 100 75
$10,000 Spring Valley 4s (second mtge) 104 00
$4000 Spring Valley fis 114 50
$1200 United States 3s '. 108 12%
250 Vlgorit Powder 2 50
Street—
100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar Co.. 96 50
$6000 Market-st Cable 6s 12S 75
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Contra Costa Water 71 75
30 Contra Costa Water ' 71 >" .
50 Contra Costa Water 71 50 "
2.". Giant Powder Con ' -. po
20 Giant Powder Con \\ 7s; joi^
50 Hana Plantation Co *" 14 1014
50 Hutchin- Si' Co "30 1"-"
50 Hutchinson S P Co " " 35 95 "
30 Hutchison S V Co *'" 30371;
75 Mutual Electric Light "" 15 r t(i "
30 S F Gas & Electric Co \ g4 57%
Afternoon Session
Board—
100 Equitable Gas 7 00
60 Equitable Gas ......... c y -
-50 Equitable Gas !!!"!'!' 6 75
5 Giant Powder Con .... -•••••
5 Giant Powder Con !!"."" 77 50
40 Paauhau Sugar Co ....III!! 3B ;-,
10 Paauhau Sugar Co ...I.!! 36 62%
"0 Onomea Sugar Co. •••••• -,
-20 Hutchinson SP Co '" """" "29 « : d
20 Spring Valley Water 11111111111 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2^ An<les 10 4CoOphlr 19
100 Belcher , s 600 Potos , 54
50 Caledonia 73 -200 Savage 25
Continued on Page Thirteen.Haywards, Oakland
WIDOW SCHULER
WILL WAGE A
BITTER CONTEST
Will of the Alameda
Brewer Filed.
I Office Ban Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Oct. 3.
_ of the will of Henry Schuler.
erstwhile proprietor of the
Brewery, who died in Alameda on
tnber 25 last, which was filed for
te this afternoon, forebodes a bitter
contest over the estate.
The contents of the will proved a sur-
The instrument is dated June 2.
599, and Lawrence L. Schuler and Mrs.
>arah K. Hulse — a ton and daughter — are
I as executors. By Its terms William
buler, another son, and Henry An-
Schuler. who, the petition for let
:" administration also recites, claims
to be a eon, are cut off with $1. The
.« of the estate is bequeathed to the
: X 6on and daughter, share and
alike, and the value of the estate is
: by the executors at not to exceed
ling of money $20, a silver
.. tuid gold chain $50 and some cloth
tnd furniture. Testator, in his will,
ixea he leaves no real estate.
ig : iad barely been
ted when Attorney M. C. Hassett,
i:g the widow, Mrs. Hose C.
r, who resid, Williams
:■. • :ed a peti
■::.••■. •■-- '' r
viing the • : the estate at
and over. which decedent
truth • puted to be worth.
attorney wl irned that a will
d filed by a te n
ew the widow's
making' a ' '''^ will and de
latter would prob
■i the widow would
nave certain deeds,
his son and daugh-
Mrs. Hulse. prior
t aside. These deeds In
: the valuable Palace
End, Alameda, to the
wenty years decedent and
his wire had not been living together.
that time Mrs. Schuler
for a divorce on the around of
: itter legaJ fight the
- unt a decree. About
• ars ag^ Mr. Schuler determined to
n the ground of
Iso at that time questioned
( Henry A. Schuler, who is
• gal ag<? and resides with his
r. The latter suit was also fought
: in some points wont to the
->nee again a decree
1. It was a few years
brewer bepan trans
tils two favorite
• w now conducts
wery, ar.d Mrs. Hulse. who
mond street, San Fran-
Big Methodist Revival
KLAN'D, Oct. 3.— The Methodist I
■i number,
evival meiiings \
: Rev. J. H. Weber
• ngi ist v. :. . le noted for
but very successful
.. which "will last fur
re. will be inaugurated in '
•' ' h i Dr. Dille's)
• ning. There will be
: lily at 2 I 7:30. A large I
r Thr- iiir. ■ tion of j. M. Robin
of th>- music. There
in the Met:
results are expected
Marriage Licenses Issued.
■ v • ' —Marriage licenses
ihe following:
•■-.-.:- : age,
Mary Ellen V
m Milton !.■
l Pel
Watchers,
- years,
Jr.. 27 years,
.. lair, 21 years.
THE CLOSE OF THE
DEMOCRATIC CARNIVAL
Bryan Attends a "Dollar Dinner" at
Dallas and 0. H. P. Belmont
Makes a Speech.
• 3.— The second and
ratic carnival in
xaa State Fair
ssful, from point of
numi • gathering in the
All last night and
• •■■ ■ I . led with
tors, ai eaklng b van at
- Ding it was cs
r.-sent.
Th' • iBB of people at
- rounds wl tables began to
Mr. 813 . -lends
■ 1 at 10:25, ai was accorded a
■ • c-iing was
■ ' man Carden at
. m., and Judp ■• Tarvln of
:cky was : .as the first
■r. Judge Tarvin'a address was fre
lause, and
loud cnea
■van. The Nebraskan Btepped for
: I was enthusiastically received.
- . ijm< ! lent .is a Presl
■iidatp. and spoke for an hour
! the day. The meeting
: until evening, when the
-• ] th.- proceedings.
n the Yountr Men's Dem
• ndered a banquet to the
Club of Missouri.
•tendance at the dol-
The first speak
t-' was Hon. Oliver H. P.
: N- v. Y,rk. who pleaded for
harmony among all Democrats of the na
tion.
ADVICE TO THE FRESHMEN.
President Jordan Makes His Annual
Speech at Stanford.
! ORD TNIVKRSITY. Oct. B.—
n< .1 irdan to-night gave his annual
heart" lalk with freshmen, in
:;. Into the ways of the ur
n new Ftudent here will be
. that we have no rules
■ the r s of decency and ihe
What you are here
• • control yourself;
:iher to coax nor drive you.
i finest society in the
studeni body is the most
lltan in the world.
n • :, tli<* university is a
-;rong life. An educa
• r tbey will find to
x*ou rannot afford to
nventlonalitiea of the
i po :r to be neat in
■\ • ur ('Hication should
. manners. Every
•: : ;:g your unlver
■•■ should be avoided."
MISSING FOR A YEAR.
Reappearance of James Moore, Who
Was Believed to Be Dead.
WOODLAND. Oct. 3.— A1l fears for the
(safety of James Moore have been allayed.
In May. IMS, he left for Alaska. The first,
last and only letter received from him
was dated December 1 1, ÜBS, and was
written at Castle City
hlr&htTWl^" of the privations and
hardships that besot the path of explorers
in that country and the long silence that
wm^4. 5 vV'^™ 1 of his parents
with anxiety, and for several months the
conviction that he had perished has been
growing. Monday r-vening a brief mes
sage announced hl» arrival In San Fran
cisco. The presumption Is that he was
a passenger on the Charles Hanson, which
arrived from Kotzebue Sound "*"<-"
Big- Real Estate Deal.
BAJvKR*; FIELD, Oct. 2.-The Keith ad
MANY SCHEMES
PROPOSED FOR
WELL TESTING
Board of Works Not
in Need of Advice.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 3.
The Board of Pui "• lea will haw
plenty of facilities offered !t for the pur
pose of testing the artesian wells at Rob
erts Landing. Now that it is known that
the Council Is very much in earnest in
the matter and is prepared to expend
money In the making of tests and the
purchase of the necessary machinery,
many people anxious to submit schemes
are appearing at the City Hall. The board
in any event must advertise for bids, and
so all the experimentalists will have an
equal chance to demonstrate their
schemes.
There Is likely to be a little difference
of opinion regarding the purchase of a
special brand of air pump to make the
test, as desired by Mr. Cuvelller. When
spoken to about the matter to-day the
Mayor said that it might not be necessary I
to make a purchase, but that probably one
might be hired for the seventy-two hours
dining which the test is to be maintained.
The ordinance authorizing the Board of
Works to expend $1200 to make the test '
of the capacity of the wells doc-s not cun
tain anything about the use of the air '
t^st machinery, and should the board
think some other test preferable there
may be a valuable pump on hand as a
memento of the friction between ;he |
Board of Works and the Council.
Mayor Snow says that the board will
certainly see that the tests are made as
economically as possible, and that it the
pump be not the best method it will not
be bought.
LILLIAN BLACK'S MOTHER
DIES IN POVERTY
NO HELP FROM THE ACTRESS,
WHO IS WEALTHY.
Story of Being a Miser Disproved by
a Search of Her Lonely
Quarters.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.-Mrs. Regina Ka!.-i
died in East Oakland to-night. She was
the mother of Lillian Black, the well
known Eastern actress, and has been liv
ing in this city some years in very strait
ened circumstances. Some months ago
an attempt was made to obtain aid from
her daughter, but no bu met
with, and the opinion prevailed that the
old woman had hoarded up wealth for
years and was not ii: need of
Four days ago Mrs. Kahn, who v
years old, was taken from the Ratnona
House, where sht- was I. .;•.£, alone, and
was given a home with friends on
Twenty-second avenue. This evening she
died of old age and some lung trouble.
When sht- was moved a si made
of the quarters sho i - long,
but nothing of valu md, and It
is certain that there was no :
for the report that the deceased was a
miser.
Insane Over Imagined Wealth.
, OAKLAND, Oct. 3,'— Mrs. H. H.-hmann
Be husband conducts .1 saloon on
; Broadway, neu" Be 1 - taken to
' the Receiving; Hospital to-day, and will
be- examined for insanity " to-morrow
morning. The unfortunate womi n
r the hali . hat she is the
possessor of ; ■ tn , : .
sth of her false Idea si
ordering goods for very larg<
at various millinery and t
'. stores, declaring that Bhe Ini c
rerxnany to make many presents to
her mother.
dltion to Kern City, about 12. r > acres has
t'urchased by J. J. Mack cashier
1 f the Bank of Bakersi
which was filed to-day, shows J^ worth of
Btamps. It Is reported that the purchase
was made for X ■ 1 has
I a be:: . the oil business. Mr.
report Repn
j of Eastern men have been hen
■. up the field. Some- land has been I
I for oil adjoining the property.
MRS. RECORD WINS.
Larkspur Company Ordered to Sup
ply Her With Water.
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. 3.-In the man
damus proceedings and suit for damages
In the sum of $500 Instituted by Kate G.
Record against the American Land and
Trust Company of Larkspur Judge Angel
lottl has Issued a writ ordering the com
pany to supply the plaintiff with water
and pay the costs of suit, but declines to
allow damages on the ground that the
evidence tends to show that the injury to
plaintiff was slight.
From the evidence submitted to the
court it appears that on September 2 la«t
the water company turned off the water
supplying the premises of plaintiff be
cause she was Indebted to the company
In the sum of $4 15, which sum for various
reasons she refused to pay. She there
upon wrote President Wright a letter
stating that she would pay in advance
for water in the future and asked that
it be again turned on. This communica
tion remained unanswered as well as an
other written later In a similar tenor.
.Mrs. Record then Instituted proceedings
through Attorney Mahony in mandamus
against the company to have the water
turned on and asked for damages In the
sum of $500.
»
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE.
Many Interesting Papers Read at
Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. 3.-The County
Teachers' Institute my at the High
School building this morning. The
primary Section was in charge of Miss
Mary Zlnndowskl of Watsonville. Miss
Bertha Morgan had charge of the arlth
metic department and Miss Marian Ash
ley of Corralitos of reading and spelling
Miss Jessie Desbrow of this city had
charge of the intermediate section A.
paper on nature study was read by Miss
Mabel Mervlll and on arithmetic by M!<?<?
Stella Flnkeldey. "f i&a
The grammar section was in charge of
Miss Lena Ford en. A paper on English
was read by Ixlss Maud Grover of Wat
M n McKav ° n geography by Mlss Fannie
The afternoon session was held at the
Congregational Church. F. B. Dresslar
of the State University gave a talk on
commercial geography. This evening F
B. Dresslar gave a public lecture on
"Superstition and Education "
CABRERA CELEBRATES.
A Banquet in Honor of His Accession
to the Presidency.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1695. by James Gor
don Bennett, s
PANAMA. Oct. 3.— Advices from
Guatemala say that a great banquet was
given by President Cabrera on Monday
evening. September 25. In celebration of
the first anniversary of his constitutional
poseession of the Presidency of the re
public. The occasion was largely at
tended. '
Unknown Man Found Dead.
SAI'SALITO, Oct. 3.— The badly de
composed body of a man, supposed from a
card found on his person to be Thomas
CaJn of 1125% Florida street, San Fran
cisco, was found Moating near the rail
way wharf by the watchman of the ferry
boat San RaJfael. Coroner Edward Eden
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEK 4, JS99.
/llameda <?oui?ty ffeu/5
CUVELLIER WORKS ON
WHILE OTHERS APPROVE
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Councilman Cuvelller Is in earnest— desperately
In earnest. He admits thai all his spare moment? during the day and
the wakeful hours at night are given dp to the study of the best man
ner to obtain municipal ownership of waterworks. Last night was Mr.
Cuve-llier's busy session. With the aid of a batch of resolutions, ordinances
and communications he abandoned one plan and started another. Instead of
allowing the Board of Works unlimited discretion and $1500, he killed that
measure indefinitely and provided another plan. The speed with which he
ran a good-natured Council for about fifteen minutes was amazing. He passed
two resolutions, killed another, read a report on the contour of the county,
filed an extension of an option on property, met all arguments, wiped the
perspiration from his brow and sat down— all in fourteen minutes and some
seconds.
Nobody but Cuvellier could have half-contracted for the purchase of a
test-pump and passed his ordinance under suspension of the rules. Somehow
the intrepid man of the glasses and small stature has won the confidence of
his brethren, and they are quite willing to let him go ahead. If Oakland
shall ever acquire her own water plant, Cuvellier will not be forgotten and
he will certainly not miss his great ambition if energy and sincerity will dolt
Fabiola's Donation Reception.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— Th- FabioU Hos
pital Association invites ail its friends to
attend the annual donation reception at
hospital, corner Moss avenue and
New Broadway, on Thursday and Friday
noons of this week. Donations of
anything which will aid the work— m
fruit, old cotton and linen -will
ratefully received. Hut with or with
out contributions all friends are welcome.
was notified and held an Inquest this
afternoon. The verdict of the jury was
that deceased met his death from ■ .
unknown. The man was about 80 years
old, weighed probably 170 pounds, and was
d In a black suit. His hair was
gray and curly.
HIGHWAYMEN AT BAY.
Men Who Held Up the Sneffels Stage
Cornered in the Hills.
DENVER, Oct. 3.— A special to the
News from Ouray, Colo., pays: A tele
pram from Ridereway this morning to the
.ff announced that the Harlowe
brothers, ranching men, had the two men
who held up the Sneffels stage yester
rnerecf In the hills eleven miles br--
Rldgcway. The Sheriff sent a posse
to assist in their capture. Tt is reported
to-night tnat one of the Harlowe brothers
was mortally woundrd.
A special from Montrose to-night says
that the bandits are surrounded, and that
a battle is momentarily looked for. It la
intimated that twenty-five armed men
surrounded the hiding place of the
bandits. The stage driver states that he
ely Identified one of the hold-ups
as Kid Adams, a well-known character
ibout town. The officers believe the other
man's name Is Berry.
CHARGED WITH FORGERY.
Harry Roberts Arrested at His Home
in Peatlands.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 3.— Harry Roberts,
who recently arrived at the home of his
father In Peatlands, this county, was
last night arrested here on a telegram
from the Sheriff of Nez Perce County,
Idaho who holds a warrant for the arreet
of Roberts for forgery. Roberts is said to
have forged the name of A. C. Davidson
of I>ewlston, Idaho, and thereby secured
a large sum of money, with which he fled
to Portland Or., and thence here. A pic
ture and description, received here last
night procured Roberts' arrest less than
an hour after his arrival.
Roberts' father and other relatives are
making Btrenuous efforts to compromise
the matter by wiring Idaho parties their
willingness to refund the money secured
by the forgery, but no arrangement look-
Ing to a settlement In that manner Is
thought possible. _
College Football.
1 BTANT-ORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 3.-1
j The Freshmen football players will make|
their initial performance on the gridiron
to-morrow. One team r>f the youngsters I
will line up against the St. Matthew's ■
'■■ team on the campus at 3 o'clock, whllo
•:-r will meet the Palo Alto High
! team on their home grounds an
■ hour later. This is the nrst year that i
\ Stanford could ever put two freshman
t"ams In the field, and competition for
places will be unusually active.
Left Her Husband.
FRESNO, Oct. 3.— Deputy^ Marshall
Hlprh of HealrtPbnrg arrived to-day to
take back Sadie Hill, arrested here for
grand larceny. She conducted a small
■tore in IleaJdsburg, In which it is said
her husband invested $750. It was the
rendezvous, among other?, of one John
Martin, claiming to own a ranch near
Fowler, this county. The woman sold the
place one month ago and lovantfd with
Martin. Martin was In her company
here. She is said to be irrational
Captain Eldridge Falls.
PORTLiAND, Oct. 3.— AaMstnnt Adju
tant. General McCain at Vancouver Bar
racks tn-dnv received a cablegram from
Manila announcing the killing of Captain
Bogardus Kklrldge of the Fourteenth In
fantry at Imua Monday. Captain El
drldee leave? a widow and thrt-e children
;ii Vancouver. He was appointed from
Massachusetts in 1870 ana served in
Alaska two years ago with the military
exploring expedition.
Articles left at Agard's grocery store,
Standeford's candy Btore or Becker's mar
ket by those unable to send the-m to th»
hospital will be delivered at the hospital
for thi A ci mmittee of the ladli 9
will receive all friends and donations at
the hospital, and those desiring to inspect
the hospital will be afforded that oppor
tunity. At the home for nurses Mrs. I.
1.. Requa will pprve tea and welcome as
guests all the friends visiting the hospital
VERDICT FOR FRANCE
IS NOW REVERSED
Award of 557.C00 for Damages to
Exhibit by Fire at the World's
Fair Not Allowed.
CHICAGO, Oct. B.— ln a decision handed
down by the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals to-day the verdict of $67
formerly riven against the World's Co
lumbian exposition Company in favor of
tbe republic of Prance la reversed and a
new trial ordered. The case resulted from
the burning of the Manufacturers' butld
injr at the World's Fair, in which the
French republic lost many valuable ex
hibits. It was claimed the loss was the
result of negligence on the part of th"
exposition company, but the court in its
ruling to-day declared it could rind no evi
aen< c of negligence.
WARREN LINER BAY
STATE A TOTAL WRECK
Went Ashore Near Cape Race and
the Crew and Passengers Took
to Boats.
ST. JOHXS, N. 8.. Oct. 3.— The Warren
line steamer Bay State, Captain Walter,
from Liverpool September 25 for Boston,
with general cargo, is ashore near Cape
F.ace. •
Four boats containing the captain and
sixty men were picked up by the bark
Flora and landed at Cape Broyle this
evening. Another boat, with fifteen mt-n
aboard, is still missing. The vessel will be
a total loss.
Killed by a Fall.
PLEAS ANTON, Oct. 3.-Captaln Bernal
was found lying unconscious about half
a mile from town last evening, having
been thrown from a horse he was break-
Ing. The Injured man was removed lo his
home, where he died two hours later. His
hip was broken and he suffered Internal
Injuries. Deceased was about 45 years
old and leaves a widow and several chil
dren.
Grangers in Session.
NAPA, Oct. 3.— The California State
Grange convened in annual session In Odct
Fellows' Hall this morning. The meet
ings In the forenoon and afternoon were
devoted to organization and reading and
considering the reports of officers. A
formal reception was tendered by the
citizens In the pavilion at East Napa
Park.
Miss McGinley Wins.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 3.— The City Board of
Education has abandoned its defense In
the suit of Miss Kittle McGial«y against
the city for ninstatemont as teacher in
the kindergarten department, and also to
recover four months' salary «he had been
deprived of owing to her dismissal.
Craig Loses to Root.
CHICAGO. Oct. 3,-Jack Root of Chi
cago got the decision over Frank Craig,
the Harlem "Coffee Cooler," at the end
of six mun. is at Tattersall's to-night.
Tommy Slasher of Chicago knocked out
Jim barney of California In the second
round. They fought at 115 pounds.
A Judge to Be Arrested.
PARIS, Oct. ?.— M. Berenger, president
of the examining committee of the High
Court, has ordered the arrest of M. Gros
jean, Judge at the Versailles court, in
connection witn the Doroulede conspiracy.
Renounces His Country.
LONDON, Oct. 3.— The Gazette an
nounces this evening that Hiram Maxim
Berkeley, Fruit vale
MRS. BARNES BY
A BUNGLE MAY
BE A BIGAMIST
Was Wedded in Ne
vada Prematurely.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.-The matrimonial
proclivities of Mrs. Beatrice A. Barnes of
this city have led that lady into a most
remarkable as well as a thoroughly un
comfortable position according to her ex
husband's attorney. In the eyes of the
law Mrs. Barnes is an i/inocent bigamist,
though the intent of crfme is absent. In
her own opinion, at least until she hears
of her mistake, she is the Nevada-made
bride of Edward H. McNevin of 618 Eighth
street, a teacher who is employed in a
navigation school in San Francisco. Mrs.
Barnes' trouble was caused by a short
but misleading paragraph in a local paper.
Until Mr. McNevin and Mrs. Barnes
took a hurried trip to Reno the story [a
extremely prosaic. Mrs. Barnes was sued
for divorce some time ago through K. B.
Myers, the attorney of her complaining
husband, James A. Barnes. The ground
was infidelity, and since Mrs. Barnes did
not answer the charge, in which Mr. Mc-
Nevin'a name was mentioned prominently,
Mr. Barnes looked for no difficulty in the
way of securing his freedom. The news
of the decree of the divorce which had
been so eagerly looked for by both Mr.
B ;t:;<l i.is wife was published the
&th. It was the signal at once of another
hymeneal venture on the part of Mr*.
Banns, who, after a little preparation,
left fur Nevada with Mr. where
a Justice of : '..<■ Peace forged the welcome
bonds. Then the;, returned to Oakland
and Mr. McNevin went back to the
schoolroom.
Now, however, comes the legal aspect
that turns Mrs. Barnes' hopes to ashes.
The fact that v decree was granted was
not a fact. It was instead the mistake of
a reporter, who in looking over the docket
took down Mra Barnes' default as a de
cree, and thus printed it. Mrs. Barnes,
reading it. concluded that she was free
imparted the glad tidings to her second
and-to-be, and !eft for the Silver
State with him bet' ire convincing herself
that she was divorced in truth. The Ne
vada ceremony, therefore, makes Mrs.
Barnes the wife of two men. a fact of
which up to this morning she was una
ware.
Attorney Myers, in discussing the ques
tion this < mid: "1 had the tie
fault entered on Saturday, the 23d. Tues
day was the day s- ■; earing and
a day or two later 1 read of th.
and as yet the oase bad not been pit
before the Judge, i satisfl d myself to
day tiiat no divoi ra .ted."
Mr. McNevln bad been living nt TIB
Eighth sireft until a month ago, when he
took rooms at Cis Eighth str< et, where he
is nmv living with the lady he married
last week at Reno.
Hope for the Hospital.
OAKLAND. Oct. S.— The United States
Court .»f Appeals baa decidi •; . • - • Ad
ministrator «;. \V. H<cd in ti.' . ■
i over the Merrltt trust. This dis ■ ises or
• \ ,iii of the existing litig I
Should th>- trust be finally affirmed the
for a hospital for < -ak
land and $400,000 for Bowdoin College in
; Mai::. «
Methodists' Session Opens.
OAKLAND. Oct. .".—The annual conven
tion of the Methodist Church South
opener] thta evening. Rev. J. J. Kenny of
Fresno preached the welcoming sermon
at Asbury ('hurrh. The actual work of
the convention will not begin till to-mor
row, when most of the delegates will be
on hand fur the four days' <]>Miberations.
Fatally Kicked by a Colt.
OAKLAND. Oct. 3.— Papitan Bernal
while training a colt near his home in
Pleasanton yesterday, was thrown to the
ground, :;nd at the same time received a
kick which fractured bis skull. Deceased
1* ft a wi low and several children.
and John C. Meitrgs of the United States
have taken out certificates of naturaliza
tion. Mr. .Maxim's certificate is dated
September 16, and that of Mr. Meiggs
August 30.
COURT NOTES.
William Simpson, a respectable looking
young man. who stole two pairs of
trousers from William Thompson, porter
in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, was yesterday
' sent to the County Jail for six months by
! Judge Mogan.
Raphael Zalinsky, a painter living at
1719 Post street, swore to a complaint in
i Judge Tread well' 8 court yesterday for the
arrest of Sol liser. owner of a building
! at 11 Sixth street, on the eharco of assault
with a deadly weapon. Zalinsky was em
. ployed by the contractor to do the paint
work on the building, and on Monday
Piser obji i ud to the way he was doing it.
They had a mixup. and Piper puiled out a
levulver and threatened to shoot.
Martin Borredore, a marine who was on
tht- cruiser Huston during the battle in
j Manila Bay, ;ind i^s now attached to tne
: Philadelphia, appeared before Judgi Bio
: gan yesterday on a charge of burglary
tor filtering thi room of John Kelly,
Montgomery Hotel, Second street, and
stealing a pair of shoes. He told the
Judge he had been robbed of $175 on the
I water front a few days ago and was
| drunk when he stole the shoes. The case
was dismissed.
"WILL TRY AGAIN."
Miss Fannie Hoopes, Who Tried to
End Her Life by Chloroform,
Has Recovered.
Miss Fannie Hoopes. the young woman
who attempted to commit suicide in the
park panhandle Monday night by swal
owing and inhaling chloroform, had suf
dciently recovered to be taken from the
Receiving Hospital to her home, 709 Tay
lor street, yesterday morning. Her step
sister, Miss Lucy B. Lawrence, accom
panied her.
The young woman expressed no regret
for her act and said repeatedly at the
hospital that she would make another at
tempt as soon as she could get '.he chance.
Whei remonstrated with she replied that
she had her own Ideas about living and
would stick to them. She will be care
fully watched by hpr stepsister.
WELLS AND LAWLOR MEET.
{They Discuss Health Board Appoint-
ments and Salaries.
Auditor Wells and his attorney. Gene
ral Dickinson, conferred yesterday with
the members of the Board of Health con
cofrnlng appointments made and to be
made by that body and the wherewithal
With which to pay salaries. Auditor
Wells desired to know just what were
the Intentions of the Health Board with
regard to more appointments, and he was
informed by Dr. Law Tor that the boarJ
would make no more than were absolutely
necessary. Auditor Wells Informed the
board that he would audit no claims
drawn upon the Board of Health fund.
As stated in Monday morning's Call, he
wiil audit no salary warrants uravvn on
the general fund, notwithstanding Judge
Hunt's d«cislon.
St. Francis" Golden Jubilee.
An entertainment was given in Wash
ington-scniare Hall last evening for the
benelit of the Golden Jubilee fund of St.
Francis Church. A large audience was
present. Father Caraher opened the pro
ceedings, Introducing Postal Inspector Er
wln, who delivered a lecture on Cuba, il
lustrated with a lantern. Graphophone
selections were also given. A poem writ
ten by Harriet M. Skidmore was read by
Miss Margaret Stevenot. Copies of the
poem, which were In charge of Mrs. E. K.
Stevenot and Mrs. J. A. Murphy, were
ACT OF ENEMIES
OF SALOON MEN
IS DEPRECATED
Giant Powder Used as
Argument.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 3.
Borge & Cahill's saloon, in Niles Can
yon, was blown up early this morning,
and Jack Cahill, who was sleeping on the
premises, nearly lost his life. It is be
lieved that the act was committed by
some one who resented the carrying on
of a saloon business by the proprietors In
the canyon.
The giant powder, which It Is believed
was used to demolish the saloon, was
placed under the corner farthest from the
little bedroom where Cahill was sleeping,
and this saved his life. The explosion wai
very severe, and half of the board shanty
and all the contents were completely
wrecked. Cahill was stunned by the
shock and did not recover consciousness
for half an hour. As soon as he was able
he aroused the night watchman and made
an investigation. They could find nothing
that might serve as a clew, and they at
once went into Niles and reported the
matter to the Constable. Cahill had some
suspicions about the matter which he told
the officers, but they led to nothing defi
nite.
For about a month there has been
trouble over the saloon of Borge & Cahill.
The license was granted and revoked. A
protest was made against it. and the pro
testants should have been heard yester
day. To the surprise of everybody. Su
perUsors Church. Roeth and Wells voted
to grant the license without waiting to
hear the protestants.
Deputy Constable George Wales was
j sent out by Sheriff Rogers to make an '.n
-vt-stiKution. He returned this evening, but
liad not obtained any information that
would lead to th* arrest of the miscreant.
[ndlgnatlon is very high at both Niles and
Sunol, and all sorts of opinions are ex
pressed as to the origin of the explosion.
CENTRAL BAPTISTS
IN ANNUAL SESSION
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— At the nineteenth i
annual session of the Central Baptist As
sociation, which opened in the Golden
Gate Baptist church to-day, the following
for the ensuing year:
Judge Z. N. Goldsby, moderator; Rev. E.
R.. Bennett, clerk; G. \V. Fraser, treas
urer. The committee of arrangements
during the conference, which adjourns
Thursday morning, consists of Rev. Mr.
Keetch, Dr. Baldwin of Alameda and
Mrs. Schulte of San Francisco. Mr. Prut :•
airman of the enrollment committee.
The main feature of this afternoon's ses
sion, outside of the election, was the
reading of annual reports and i<nters
fr^m the various churches of the asaocia
tl m.
The devotional exercises to-night were
led by Rev. Frank Sulliyan. Rev. John
Downey read an Interesting report on
Lord's day and temperance. Mrs. Meta
Gallahorn sang a solo and the annual ser
mon was delivered by R>-v. \V. J. Jenkins.
The conference reconvenes to-morrow
morning at P:.''.O o'clock.
The Borden-Cohen Suit.
OAKLAND, Oct. 3.— ln the $20,000 dam
age suit of Ivy L. Borden. superintendent
of the artesian water works. Alameda.
against Attorney A. H. Cohen for injuries
alleged to have been sustained by de
fendant's willful act of colliding with
Bordens cart and throwing him out,
Cohen to-day filed a motion to strike out
several clauses of the complaint and also
demurred to the latter pleading on the
grounds of ambiguity and, that the facts
are Insufficient.
sold as souvenirs. The committee of ar
rangements consisted of Captain John
Farley. P. A. Buckley. P. J. Kennedy J
A. Murphy. T. B. Cunningham, E. T.
Ryan. P. Connor, S. Nicholas, John Duddy
and A. McConnick. Refreshments were
served by Mrs. W. M. Nichols. Miss N
Stevenot. Mips M. Stevenot. Miss Nonie
Ryan. Miss N. McLane, Miss K. McLane
Miss Nellie Hayes. Mrs. F. Syme, Mrs. J
Brusher and Mrs. M. Bellando.
Wheeled Across the Continent.
Albert V. Roe, the one-armed messenger
boy who has been making a bicycle trip
across the continent, arrived in the city
yesterday. He says he 19 tired, but does
rot regret a trip which has been tull of
interesting sightseeing from commence
ment to end. Two years ago Roe was
employed in the Los Angales railroad
yards, and it was there that he lost his
arm at the shoulder while making a
coupling. From Los Angeles he went
East and becoming proficient In the use
of the wheel was selected to make the
hard trip which he has lu«t completed
Roe started on his long Journey on the
22d of last Jul>\
ENTERPRISE OF WATER
FRONT IS EXPANDING
OAKLAND. Oct. 3.— A contract, of con
siderable note from a commercial point of
view, calling for an extension of 600 feet
of Balfour, Guthrie & Co.'s bulkhead at
the foot of Myrtle street, has been re
corded, for which work Johnson & Peter
eon are to receive $4 30 per foot to be
completed within thirty days.
A contract has also been iet to F. H.
Moscow to build a trestle and warehouse
for Balfour, Guthrie & Co. for $34 449
Work on the big grain warehouse just
south of First street has been somewhat
retarded owing to difficulty in gettine
lumber. Jt is probable that when the
first big vessel comes up the creek to be
loaded with grain for Liverpool the event
will be made the occasion for some kind
of public demonstration. Balfour Guthrie
& Co.'s undertaking is one of the most
important Oakland has experienced in
many a day.
Dr. Chalmers to Get His Fees.
I OAKLAND, Oct. 3 —Judge Ogden to-day
j tried the ease of Dr. O. F. Chalmers
; against W. 11. Knight as admlni.«tiator of
the estate of John A. Virgil, who died
December 10, 1898, for the recovery of
i $2OSB claimed due for medical services' per
formed for the deceased from November
1595, until December 9, 189 S. Judgment was
entered for plaintiff
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing October 1, ISS9.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN KAFAEL. '"-^l
WEEK DAYS-« 7:00, «9:30. 11:00 a. m.; »i 45
•3-40 5:15. 600. 6:30 p. m. ■•.■':-•,*•,
EXTRA TRIPS3-For Mill Valley and San Ra-
fael, on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at S:CO and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *10:00, »ll:30 a. m • •1-15
3:15, '4:43, 6:30. 9:00 p. m' *•
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO BAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-s::a. '6:33. 7:45, »9:40 a m ■
•12:30. 2:15. '3:40. '5:15 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:2O. *S:00, '10:00. »11:45 a m-
•1:40. *3:15, 4:45. *6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:45 a. m. !
12:35. 2:33. 3:43. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m.
-SUNDAYS— B:OS, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:06, 2:15, 3:30.
6:00, 6:45 p. m
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way stations.
3:40 p. m. Saturdays — and Tray stations.
8:00 a. m. — Tomales and way stations.
XAILBOAD TRAVEL.
MM'T9ii:n% I»ACIViV COMPACT.
(PAcirio srwrit»t.>
Trains lr«*«- i«ml «r«« 4do lv nrrlte n*
SAN FICAN<I*«O.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street).
leavb — From October 2, 1890. — arrivb
•7:00 a Benicia, Suison and Sacramento # 3i43p
•7:O»a MirysTille. OroTlUeaud Redding Tia
Woodland •3:43p
•7:OOa rjmira, Vacarillo and Rnmsey # 8:3 Op
•7:3« a Martinez, Sail Uainon, Vallejo. Kapa,
Calißtoga and Santa Rosa # 6:13p
•»:Ooa Atlantic Kipre*s, Ogdrti and Kast.. »i43a
•SiUOa San .lose. Lirermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento, PlacrrTtlle,
MarysTllle, Chico. lted Bluff «4«I»P
•»:SOa "Milton, Oakdale and Honor* Mil.ip
•0:OOa Hajwar.is, NfJei and Way Stations. *l 1:43 a
•0:00 a Martinez, Tracy, l.atlirop, Stockton,
Merced and Fresno •12:13p
•DiOOa Fresno, ISakerslieM, Santa lUrliara,
Los Angeles, ])e!uintr. El Paso,
New Orleans and East # fl:4sp
•IO:OOA Vail- Martin, :?. and Way Stations '7:1.-,?
•1 1 :OOa HajTranls, Niies and Way Stations. •2:15°
•1!I:O0m NUra, Lirerraore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
PcrterTille «4:13p
tl:OOp Sacramento Mirer Steamers MtMr
•3:OOp Haytrards, Niles and Way Stations. *3:43p
•4:OOr Martinez, Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Callntnija, Santa Kosa *i>i!s*
•liOOp Benicia, VacaTllle, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marystlllo, OroTille «IO:4Ba
•4i3Op lies, San Jom and Stockton *7:13p
i •3:oopTlie Owl Limited. Tracy, Fresno.,
TUkersficld. Saugus for Santa Bar-
I •' bara, Log Anceles •o:4.'Ja.
1 ».1:30p Stockton, Mrrced. I'rccno «12:13p
1 •s::iOp Martinez, Tracy, Mtndota, Freino,
Mnjare and Los Angeles *B<43a
•3>3Or HanU Fo Itoute. Atlanlio Express
for Mojare and East •O>49p
•OiOOp Chicago-San Francisco Special. Og-
diii and Kant ..„ »S:.lop
•0:00? Hay wards, Kites and San Jose *7:4»»
taiOQp Vallejo •12:l.1p
}7tO«p Vallcjo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions :0:33p
*SiOBr Oregon ICipri><ui l Hacritinent'>, Marys-
vllic, Rudding, Portland, Piiget
Sound and Knst *»:15a.
COAST DIVISION (Sritoit «aage).
(Foot of Mnrkct Street.)
•8« 15 a 2iewark.CL-uterviile.Sau Jose. Felton, '
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations •3ißof
f2il»p Newark, ContMrl'le. Ban Jose, New
Almadan, Felton, Bonlder Creek,
Santa Cms and Principal Way
Stations 1 1 «i!»O a
•4i1.1p Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos. *9;20a
Ml:!sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jom and
Way Stations t7i2op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fromSAS FRUCISCO— Foot or Uirket Street (Slip 8i —
•7:15 9.00 11:001.*. 11:03 *2:03 J3.C3
♦1:03 t6:CO *6:o3r.ai.
FrooOilUlIB— r«ot«fBr»»i««T.— "(1:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
tIS:SO 'I::: t3:03 '3:33 j1:33 -3:33i-.»i.
COAST DIVISION (Hroßil (iauge).
(Third mid Towngci;4l His.)
iO:IOa Ocean View, Boat hBao Fraucisco.. toTsop
•7:OOa San Jose m d W«y SUttons (New
Aliiiail-n Wednesdays only). *l:30p
••:OOA Han Jaw, Tut, Pinos, Sint;i Cruz,
Parillc Ura*«. Pus i ItoW .San
l.vi« (ll.iHiMi. Surf, Lod poc and
Principal Way Kbttioiia M:IOi-
•I«i4Oa Sun .lone mi. Way Statioiu •r,:3.V\
•IIiSOA San Jose and Way StaMoiin »s«aOp
t3:43iSan Mat-o. Bedwood, M ■: ' Park,
Palo Alto, Santa dura, Ban .lose.
Tits Finos. Santa Crux. Salinas,
Monterey mid Pacific Grore 110:36 a.
trtittor San Jose and Wbj Stations »7:3»p
f<ilSr San Jose and Principal Way Stations •!>: 15 \
tj:»«p San Jos- and Principal Way Stations t»:Oi>A
•.»:::oi- 9sn.loseamlPfincii.al Way Stations "5::5.->a
•6::t«p San .lose and WaySUtlous t**:«><»A
f)ll:!5!> San Joseam> Way .Stations *7;30p
A for Moruing. P for Afte:i ;
• Daily. ♦ Sunday e^eepted, } Sunday only.
b Satnrday only ■
The IM^II'M"!'KAX«FKi:<"«MrAS' V
will call for and check baggage from iiotels and re*i-
deoces Enquire of Ticket Ageuts Car Time Cards and
otlitr information.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot oif Market St,
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS*-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m ; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, I'M.
6:00, 1:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6..' 7:50. 9:20, U:10 a, m.; 12:45,
8:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAY'S— B:IU, 9:40, 11:10 a. m. ; 1:40, 3:40, 5:05,
6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave i Arrive
Ban Francisco. I In Effect San Francisco.
' j April 16, — . — i .
Week ; Sun- | 1!>99. I Sun- , Weok
Days, j days. Destination. ! days. , Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm, 9:30 am; Petaluma, 6: >' pmjlO:;s am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7;30 pm' 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:10 pm
„ 1 ■ ,
7:30 am j Hopland and , j 10:25 am
3:30 pmj 8:00 am: Uklah. j 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 110:25 am
I 8:00 ami Guerneville. i 7:35 pm;
3:30 pm I 6:20 pra
7:30 am 8:00 am 1 Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and I
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. ! 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
► - — j \
7:30 am 8:00 am Eebastopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
3:30 pmi 5:00 pm I I 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
for Lytton Springs; at Geyservllle for Skagga
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
KeUeyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville,
Booneville, Phllo. Christine, Soda Springs,
Navarro, Whitesboro. Albion, Little River,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,
Westport. Usal, WilUtts, Laytonville, Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Oleen's, Dyer,
Scotia and Eureka.
. Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bid?.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Santa Feßpute
r ' °%^
3yW & S a ?^r !< cjry s
lit X^^*"^"^T • E >-P'isa
(|r fjtanuitaeu Vhoen«
|p<r*^SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO.
-* THK MOST COMFORTABLE WAY
ACROSS THE CONTINENT.
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAR PULL-
MAN PALACE AND PULLMAN UP- i
HOLSTERED TOURIST CARS LEAVE
OAKLAND MOLE FOR CHICAGO AND i
THE EAST. TAKE MARKET STREET
FERRY AT 530 P M.
DINING ROOMS AND DINTNG
• CARS ARE MANAGED BY MR FRED
HARVEY. AND ARE PERFECT IN
EVERY DETAIL. • !
Read Down. VALLEY ROAD. Read Up.
•7:20 am]Jlo:3o am Stockton i t3:40 pmj 6:00 pm
9:10 am, | 2:05 pm Merced 112:10 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 5 5:35 pm Fresno i f»:00 am 2:42 pm
11:3$ am { 7:45 pm Hanford : t7:CO am 1:45 pm
2:25 pm {12 :30 am, Bakersfleld $1:00 am 11:00 am
11:59 ami t6:25 pm Visalia 55:26 am 1:22 pm
12:15 pm |6:53 pm Tulare I s ■* : -^ am 1:05 pm
•Dally. 'Except Sunday. }Except Monday.
San Francisco Ticket Office. 62S Market st. :
Tel. Main 1531.
Oakland Office. 1119 Broadway.
Sacramento Office. 201 J st.
San Jose Office. 7 West Santa Clara st.
MOUNT 'TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via Sauaallto Kerry,
Commencing: SUNDAY, October 1. 1599.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. anil 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00 a. m. and 1:15 p. m.
Fare S. F. to Summit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK & SON. Agts.. 621 Market at.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
f>2r>Hi:AR>'VNT. Established
in 1 834 for the treatment of Private
Disease*, Lust Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind
Skin Diseases. Tbedociorcureswne ii
others fail Try him. Charges low
t'nrciieuaranlrrd. Callorwrite.
Or. J. *■- uIBBON. Box 1937.5 an Francisi-o
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
1112
SAX FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CaJl, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES—^-7 Montgomery street,
crrr.cr lay; open until ! :80 o'clock.
CM Pnves ftrect; open until 9:30 o'clock.
r:^ i!cAU!?ter Ktrcet: ; ::i until 0:30 o'clock.
613 Larkin street: open until 3:39 o'clock.
:v4l Mission street; cpen until 10 o'clock.
::'-'l Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock
ICG Eleventh street; open until 0 o'clock.
1C96 Valencia street: open until 9 o'clock.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ptrofts: .pen until ? o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. & S. m
M., will meet THIS (WED! S3 ,A
EVENING, October 4, at 8 o'clock; lor *-,; -'.?
business* ard degrees. l!y order of the f*<y %
T. 1. M. FRANKLIN 11. DAY. Recorder.
MOUNT MORLYH Lodge No. 4*. F. .*
and A. M.— Statfd meeting THIS .Y<
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING :it 7:.: i) V* 7$
o'clock. THEO. FROLICH. Spc. f^^__
CROCKETT Lodge No." 138, F. and A. 11. ft
— Stated jwtinir an '' ! third degree _/A^,
THIS (WEDNESDAY) F.VENING. jfLjK
October 4. at 7:"0 o'clock. By "rder Of* » 1
the W. M. 11. FORTRIEDK. Secretary^
EXCELSIOR I^rdse No. ICG. F. and A. •
M.— Staled mortir.g THIS (WKDNKS- 4A
DAT) EVENING, October 4, at T^jjSJf
o'clock. /▼>
THEODORE C. SMITH, Secretary.
KNIGHTS of the Red Branch.— lmpor- 0
taut mating at the hall. IK!3 Mlssiun tf
St.. THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING. %?KA
October 4, at 8 o'clock. A number of '«** ir
visiting friends will be present. Full attend-
■ ance desired. THE PRESIDENT.':- 1
THE quarterly meeting of the Ser- *
vlan-Alontt-nefc-rin L, and B. Bo- r*" TY>
clet) w:!l be held THIS BsL
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, Oc- £•» ,'-A : ;
' tober 4. at 7:30 o'clock, at 10 , r,i -^ »-•'«','
California Kt. All officers and i-'Vvisji jJ
niembors are earnestly ri'^'.K-sto.l  v/*7!J^-\>i
to attend. Fin» lor non-iittend- - '•'SiifXi'
■ ar.ce will be strictly enforced. '■?;*,."?*•
By order of •-....^
M. K. TASOVAZ. President.
SPIRO S. VUCOSAVLIEVI'-.H, Secretary.
THE regular meeting cf the S;m Fran- m
Cisco Bricklayers' Asoeciation will ha 'I
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- &J
ING, October 4, 189?, at B'nai li'nth <p.'.-?f
lioll. 321 ICddy st.. at S o'clock. A full ~'\"(
r.tteiidnncii requested. Business of in.- X llj*
poitujice. "
E. J. BRANDON. President.
NOTICE of nife-: . of stockholder? of The 'I's-
(Jot Iran and Locomotive Works, to take into
consideration imposed increase of capital
ttock.
Notice la hereby given that pursuant to a
resolution and v ler of the hoard ot directors
of Tho KUdcn Iron and Locomotive Works, i
corporation organized and vxi?ti:i^ up.d'-r anil
by virtue of the laws ol tlie State of Calitor-
nla, a:ul bavins Its effioe nnd principal race
of business at -the city anvJ county ot' Han
Franriscp, in rail Stato. unanimously adopted
at a regular meeting of s;ild Innrd held c^
the seventh >:-.iy of August, In the year oct
t)--r.i; eight hundred and nluety-ninc, a
. meting of the ftockholders cf said corpora-
tion will be ht^ld on Wednesday, the Eisht-
•■cntti Day of October. In the year one th"u-
..E.ind ei^'nt hundred and ninety-nine, at the
hour of two o'clock in tho afternoon of s:i!d
day, at the office of said corporation, which
. Is at ib<? building situate on the easterly cor-
ner cf Heaie ami Howard BtreetS, In said c:ty
■nd county of San Francises, the same beirg
Ilia principal place of business of said corjK>-
ration, and teing the building whore tha
board of directors of taid corporation usually
meets';
. Th.it th» object of raid meeting; !a to deter-
- mine whether or not the capital stock of said
r-irrrrntion shall 1»> inirep.pcd from cue million
dollars, divided Into ten thousand shares of
one hundred dollars each, to a c&pltnl flock
t f cr.e million one hundred thousand dollars.
divided lito eleven thousand shares of one
hundred dollars- a. h ;
. That the amount to which It is proposed to
Increase the paid capital stock is one million
one hurdred thousand dollars.
. By order cf the Uoanl of directors.
L. R. MEAD.
retary of The Hisdon Iron and Locomotlv*
Works.
• Dated August 8, !-r<9
I~'R. MATIIEWS of Belfast an<i James Cnrrp-
bn!l of Glasgow, Scotland, prench every nlsht
this week (except Saturday) at 7:4", o'clock
in Gof pel Hall. 203 C Sixteenth St.. near Va-
lencia.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— Notice is here-
by given that the annual nipetlng of the
stockholders of the Bank of California
will be ! eld at the banklns nouee In this
cltv. on TT.-ESDAY, October 10, ISS9. at U
o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY, secretary.
San FrnnclFco. S>: tc-m!.«r i. r .. 1599.
• . ACCOUXTAXTS.
S. K. -nALLARD, 401 Cal. St., designs, audit! &
ailju.-ns accounts for corporations & ilrms: ret.
ATTORNEYS 'AT LAW.
LAW nnd L an Co. (Inc.)— Capital $100,000;
prosocute or d»ffnd la-.v-uits In all courts en
;oont:r.gent fee employ al.!» counsel; 1 ,nn
money on any kind of security. Advice free,
by mall or at rffic<>. 214 Pine St.. room 04.
AD.VICE free: R. W. KING, sixth noor, Chroa-
.lcle.'bldg.; no advance .-..--■ all rases; es-
tates, mortgages, damages, collections, bank-
ruptcy; wills, et c, drawn; moderate fees;
call or write.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private:
Tin fee without !»ucce«»; collections. O. W.
HOWE, pity at law. ESO Market, cor. Stocktri.
NOAH F. FLOOD. £s£ Market st., opp. MasonT
consultation free: moderate fees.
CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at iw, Crocker
bids tel Bis k 71: practices In all courts.
L. B. CLARK. Emma Spreckels building. M 7
ilailiPt: connultation free: »o f^es In advance,
NAGLE &■ NAGLE, attorneys at low. Kmma
Ppreckela building, Market st.
ADVICE free no chars:'' unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. ■■:■' Market «t.. cpr». M««.-in.
BATH CABFVE i- (n: .
THE Rcbir.son 4-par.cl bath cabinet, folding
like a screen; one panel opening as a door;
call and pee It: descriptive booklet free. W.
8.1 BROWN, general nsrent. 4Z<" T'Hls »t.
niCYCLE repairs-
THOS. 11. B. VARNEY. Market and Tenth!
RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICTC3
RF.PAIKING A SPECIALTY.
HOARD AM) ROOMS.
A NEW private fAmily hotel; first c!a?» In de-
t.iil; under Er.s-t^rn management; new and
urtlitie decorations and furnishing through'
■ '.! : rooms may be telec-tod after October 1.
•The o!d Stevenson mansion (opposite Grace
■ Church), with Hnnex. SO7 California st.
EDDY, 724. m-ar Van Nopb aye.— Two gentle-
ran wanted to occupy handsome front pallor,
with board; rates reasonable.
ELLIS, Co7— Well-furnishod front room«. with
'.seed bf-ard: bath; •■ bone; gas; piano.
MARKET. IsDO Las Palmas)— Suite of * or 3
iins.: private; bath: fia. rms. ; bortrd optional.
CFAKRELL, 74?— clean, comfortable rooms;
• pood home cocking; i-pec!al rates to gents.
jnuVKI.L. 809 (Ihe WaMorfj— Furnlßhed suites
nnfl iin;,'!e, with or without board.
UNCLE HARRIS, lo Grant. miTkTs" advances at
'a loweyt ■ rates en valaables of ■■: descriptlona.
iIOAR.i>XXG FOH PUII :;::i
WANTED— Baby to care for; centle~rarT-
healthy place; reasonable ten Ad.lri'-s
gMRB.> CLARA; Berkeley, Cal.
CHILDREN home; nicthpr's ire; $5 month-
ly. .\c\ir*r.s I?.. Fr.iltvale P. O.
books — sew \.\;» ui,i).
■eCHOOL V.OOKS bought "and exchanged.
2. ;;;'.,• ',;'" : - Co., 704 Mi;-:iir.n st.. nenr Third.
BOOT! AX.) fiHOKS.
CHLDS. shoes. 10c; yths. larc rho.ss, 83c>;'lad-
• ties. 7."ic: l^d. f-hoes, Jl; men's working shoes
11 2".; m«i's ittfis fhoes, Jl S3; mail orders so"
■ lltit^d. People's Shoe Store. viCn Stockton.
Bi si »!.•> CIIAXCES.
'A— HOTEL of 320 rooms, lice, bar, dining-
room, etc.; established for many yean with
large patronage; in Very best ).^rc of this city
.close to Market and Keajny; tii!;-. Orst-clan
paying property must be sold at onco; books
open for Inspection; price JSCK*. Particulars
.': G. WlLma.TflO6 Market st.
A— 51500; TRANSFER comer grocery and bar-
doing a rushing cash store ar.d bar business-
low rent : rare chance; ether business compels
owner to sacrifice; investigate at once. v
O. WILKE. '.'Ofi Maritft st.
A— IISO— HOME .... notion store, with
3 living rooms; rent (26; on Buchanan st
i;. G. WILKE, COG- Market st.
A— IS3C: BAKERY In live country town, 70
miles from city; a first-class paying businp*-;
call scon; a ran.- opportunity. H. G. WILKE,
tOO Market st. . ,
A — $V,O: .]:.'<; and cleaning rt< r«* on Powell
st.; rent $35; firstvclass . paying. Call WILKE.
906 Market •■ N
X— {SDO— CORNER grocery and bar. with living
rooms; rent $15; daily receipts $15: best lnca-
llcu in Mission. K. G. WILKB. !">S Mar]
«CCO-RESTAURANT and oyster pnrlori;
choicest location; rent $35; daily receipts J2..;
meals net less than 2ic; barca'.n. R. G.
WILKE. 906 Market ?t. ' _______
ALFA CO.. 935 Market st., will exchange or
cell your property or business quickly.
BUSINESS CHAXCKS- Continued.
A- $660; LAUNDRY route; clears $100 a month;
good horse and wagon. KREDO & CO., 22Vi
Geary .-t
A— SJSO; ROAD house, near flourishing town;
cheap rent: good business. KREDO & CO.,
22H Geary at.
A— s2f.O; BRANCH bakery and notions: $." to $10
dally; nice room*. KRKDO & CO., 2J'i
Geary Bt.
RESTAURANT on Market St.; bargain thte
day. COWING & CO., »5 Market st.
A— J3OOO— RESTAURANT north 'Market : best
in city; bargain. COWING & CO.. 995 Market.
WANTED— (150 for complete invention: great
chance to mnke big money. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
I $lsfO— Frtnch bakery*; tine bus.: 4 liorses, 3 wag-
t ons. 11 furn. mis. !ow r^r.t. BASI 3, 3 Eddy.
$300- COKN F.R grocery snd bar: bargain; other
business cause of sale. Mclaughlin & CO.,
777>i Market St.
A— ?SO): RESTAURANT: receipts $35 to |75 per
day: will Feat 160; everything complete; good
location. CITY EXCHANGE, 103:2 Market.
A- GRAND opportunity for un active man:
small capital required; business clearing $125 1
per month. 917 Market St., room 2.
i F:>R rent on downtown comer; large light
i basement for salocn and billiard hall: rent
very low. Inquire WM. HENDRICKSON &
j CO.. i M Call bulMirg.
PRACTICAL chemist lias Eever^l ■ . i table
devices; moneyed partner wanted. Address j
box 435, Call office. j
WOOD and ooal yard, sheds, etc.; excellent lo- i
cation: rent 512. R. .T. MONTGOMERY, 470 |
i Thirteenth st., Oakland. i
. PRIVATE boarding-house; 36 boarders; 15 I
rocn;3; all full; north Market Box 1345, Call.
I AT COST— Stock ar.d fixtures of tin and crock- I
cry store 1872 Union street.
LIQUOR Ktore, old established corner; West-
ern Addition. Box 425, Call i- flee.
CIGAR tore, well stocked, cheap. 1543 Mar-
ket Ft.
LAW & LOAN CO., Capital 1100,000; will
lr.vest your money on approved ns:d guaran-
teed securities, r«>'ir ;^ monthly 1 per c:nt
r.ct "interest; will prosecute or defend Inws:;it3
In all courts on contingent fees: employ able
cr:ur=el; advlcft fr<»<\ 214 '-in» St., room 04.
DRUGSTORE; price SSr.OO: best location In i
Onklnnd; principal business treet; to be
told on account o: departure at inventory |
| price; see this lurraln before It Is gone. J. i
£. JOHNSON. 972 » Broadway, Oakland. !
TAILOR 4,hrp; complete; 8 years' standing; 4 !
Ilvins ri>.:ais «:iu kitchen; completely fur-
I nlshed: stock <;f new nn'l pcoond-hnnd cloth-
Ing; owner poing back to Id country. 1G33
Devisadero si.. :i"ar Sutler. '
FOR sr.le— In thriving town of San Mat»o.
caudy. Icecream and soda and creamery busM-
i n«s; delivery wagon and horse; solil on ac-
count a-purture. Address V. B. HOWARD.
I Pan Mruex CaL
I FOR gale or exchange for a small ranch near i
country town — A ercod paying saloon; with |
r!x living room.* upstalin; lo:is lea»?; ter-
minus of, ear line Box Call office.
GROCERY and saloon for eali*: woll Btocked;
! eld ortuMiEhefl business, A| ply at premises !
I southwest corner ot Turk and Pierce ?ts. i
i STS-KOR yale— Bnk-ry: 3 living rooms partly
I furnished; fine i>l:ic» Cor Finall restaurant; '
: r«;tit JlO. X.14 Pacific st. !
| v.'ANTED— Yn-jnfr gentleman with seme capital j
' who la capable o! managing tlif affairs of an
I Incorporated company. Address box !17! Call.
i FOR [=r»!»— A coed paying saloon, with six
living rooms upstairs: lons lease; terminus of
car lino. R >c 2V.3. Call office.
I RESTAURANT outfits for sate. D. MoRAE.
| T<2 Minion Ft.
| FOR hnnr=t dealing, buying, selling b but-tn»F3.
I trust to Pacific Koom Renting Co.. 425 K^arny.
I COFFEE r.nJ tea routes supplied from GEO.
I W. CASWKLL £: CO.'S. 412 Sacramento St.
I GOOD paying inside route for sale; this paper.
Apply Ca-1 office. ■
FOR sale— -Good paying Inside route on this
paper. Ar-ply Cell' Bee.
CARRIAGES AND AVAGOXS.
FOR sale— One Columbus trap, with «haft«. one
or two Feats; in excellent condition; also one. i
bay grldln; horse; weight !'■'>> pounds; suit-
able for bujgy; good traveler, sound, kind.
Kontlc and In perfect condition. ■pi ly Mi'"-
RAY'S STABLE, Sar. Rafael, or 220 Sansome
St., room 15.
DELIVERY wagon carrying 1 ton: l buggy,
good as new: r/.arte hore. SHAW. 1T.21 Market.
ALL kinds of wasr>ns. ingles cans, harness,
etc.. ch<-ap. EG AN & PON. "117 Mission st.
100 SETS pecond-hand liariH-?s; wagons, cnrt3.
buciri^s. Furreys and horses. "i!'O Folsom st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poar work
Bend to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beatlng Works, 3"3 3J7 L'ehama St.; te'.. S 40.
CITY St^am Carpet-Beatlnc Works. G. 11.
STEVENS, mgi SS-40 nh st. ; tel. South 250.
LAST and best. Sanitary Cleaning Co.. "for
healtl 242 McAllister it.: phone South 140.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleanir.c Co..
4,3 Stevenson st. ; tel. South 225; lowest rates. !
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 482 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main s<>4. GEO, WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at Jf per yard; laid at 3c.
BTRATTON'S. S Eighth St.; tr-1. Jessie P44.
J. E. mTt'.'ITELL Carpet Cleanirg Co., 10 14th
Ft.: cieanins, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'K Carpet-b»atins Workp, 333 Goiden
j Gate aye. : tel. East 126.
CLEAXIXG COMPOUXDS.
UTICA Cl"aninq: nnd Toilet Compounds and
Compound PsFte; a household bleF^ing: a sure
cr.re for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR,
A ge n t . Offire a;,.: factory. _: Spear st.
CiJaIKVOYANTS AM) :■: iklilAii^Jl.
.\',M!' MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant, card
reader; satisfaction guaranteed; Ices 25d and
60c; hours 1-6 and 7-10 p. m. ei2' y <. Eddy St.;
entranot- private.
BEND We to Bishop Garrison, 944. Van Ness,
and p°t book explaining "spiritualistic feats' 1
practiced by Earl, Evans, Miller and others.
MEi -.\ HOSKINS, 1423 Market Et.. bet. iota
and Ilth Slttlnsa daily; circles Monday even-
Ing ar.d Thursday, 2 p. m.
MRS. ROBINEON. 1423 Market St., btt. 10th
and Uth— Sittings dally; circles Tuesday
evening and Friday, 2 p. m.
AT 117 Larklu to-night— Brlggs, Robinson. Mc-
Co«krie. Capt. H. 11. Brown; readings, tests,
etc. ; 10c.
JOHN SLATER circle to-night, 8:15; sittings
i dally, 10 to 4. ISC* Stockton, neaT Greenwich.
DR. BINES, others: 336 McAllister Bt.; Wednes-
day, 8 p. m.; all tests a benefit; 10c.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, Zlc; truth or. no pay. li!'.' Mission.
MME. MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader; ?5c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
Mliii. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader!
past, present, future, 25c. 148 Sixth st., r. 18.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed;
2- r >c; reading by mail. »1. G Seventh st.
J. 7JEP.A. the b?st fortune teller, has love
chnrms and tells lucky days. 2f,3 Third St..
YOUR future told by cards, 2r,c; daily, 10 a. m.
to 10 p. m.; Sun.. 7 to 10 p. m. 103 Larkln st.
MME. BHAI : ER. clairvoyant, card reader;
tilting* ilai!y. 812% Sixth Bt.
C. STEERS, meiyiim; 122' i Oak st. ; circles
Tues., t p. m.: Th.. 2 p. m.; 2Jc; readings, Jl.
; li'P.S. T. .T. WIIITNET. trance test modium,
life r»-j«l-r. rri"'llcal clairvoyant. '/.'.'■ Stockton,
7.1.ME. LANCE, queen of clairvoyants, 1167 Mar-
!:•■», l.»t. Till nn>! Sth; fee 23c ui>: satisfaction.
MMR, SYIIILLE, crad!r> to grave; f\'tur<> httt-
Ij.itkl'h |)iitur(*. 2."c: ladles; :m ■•■•! .<:■■■ "I i Ft.
; COTTAGES to LET.
FOP. Kale— 2 cottages, to be removed. R.
DOYLE. 2SCS Howard st.
J2o— 7 LARGE rooms nnd bath, yard and bpt-«-
nient. 1308 Valencia St., near Twenty-fourth.
I $5—3 NICE mihhy ror>ms, basement, yard. C3O
: Ivt-- aye., bet. Octavla and Lacuna • ts.
I 5S— 3 NICE sunny rooms, basement, yard. ES3
Ivy aye, bet. Octavia and Lagans its,
j — COTTAGE 5 rooms, bath; runny yard;
l»rre baseir.er.t: key at 711 Treat nve.
j i^fi^ L...L!LJ!— — — -
COLX.ECTIOH OrFICES.
O 11 Wl KKLLY'S Agency; no charge un-
less successful. Room 210. 927 Market st
demists. ; j .
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS' dental parlors. 527
Market st., over Cafe SMnkand— Teeth extract-
.; without pain by tha use of electricity, gas
or chloroform; nlso •:• local anaesthetics ap-
plied to the Eurnn; the best and most artistic
<!ental work at reasonable prices; pure gold
fillings from $1 up; other linings from 00c;
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit
from $4 tO up; flesh colored plntes from $3 it)
up; teeth without plates a specialty; open
evenings and Sundays. \
A NEW anestliatlc for nalnlcss dentistry,
Synol, on application to the pirns, removes
the pain; r»e our flesh colored plates, thinner
and stronger than rubber, warranted for 20
year*; crown and bridge work; teeth with-
out a plate; fillings, Me; crowns, $3 50; plates,
full set. $ >; all work painless and warranted.
Chlcago Dantal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
OHIO Dental Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 850 Market.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4, 1899.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. SOS Mar-
ket et., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood hide-, you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates Air specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p.m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M. P., Manager.
DR. GEORGE V,'. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St., ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his won-
derful secret method: crowns, $2; bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, S3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
VAN VROOM — Painless extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 397 Market St.
Em LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market St.. near
Eleventh; crowns, -bridge work and fillinßs a
:a!ty; all work reasonable: gas given.
MEYER— atsi her &ihnarzt. 6 Turk: l«t-class
work; prices reas. ; gas; crown & bridge work.
DR. N. BAR DUE. r. 211 Examiner Bldr-i
work reasonable; satisfaction guaranteed.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; work warranted 10
years. N. V. Dentists. 967 Mission, cor. 6th.
SET or teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNO. :-'i Pnllt f-t.
DRESSMAKERS AM) SfSAJftSTRBSSIBS
MRS. LIVINGSTON of N. Y. cordially Invites
laJles to examine her French Dress Cutting
System tor rutting ladies' and children's gar-
ments without paper patterns, pencils.
weights, screws or pins; to convince she will,
without chargp. teach any one to cut perfect-
fitting garments; pupils taught high art dress
cutting and designing, basting, coning, press-
Ing, matching plaids, princess dresses, skirts,
sleeves, coats; pupils can make own gowns
wl lie learning; send for circular. 630 Sutter.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 3J7 Geary: dresses
made S." up; dresses made over: perfect fit.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st,. San
Francisco; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; new
?0-page cetalcgua free.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market St.. short-
hand, typewriting, bookkeeping, writing Eng-
lish, telegraphy, under qualified teacher; low
rates; life scholarship, J.*-0: catalogue.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system: Bunny rooms: low rates: day,
even. Fan Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Markt.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
ing mrch. purvey. assay, arch! :day and even.;
eft. 1564. VAN PER NAILLEN. 033 Market.
MATHEMATICS, mechanics, eteam, graphics,
etc.; circulars and specimen lesson papers;
evening! SOW Sixteenth st.
LADY, expevienred high school teacher. Uni-
versity graduate. teaches in families. 954
Adeline Ft., Oakland.
M. G. BARRETT, a leading court and general
reporter (graduate of State Normal), instructs
In shorthand; pupils by mall. SO2 Montgomery.
PINGING, piano; ravis grad. : French. Spanish,
f2 mo. n3C G. G. aye. r. 6~T; houra 2 to i.
LAV,' Schools. £27 Market, S. P., and >05 Broad-
way, Oakland; day ar.d night; correspondence.
PIANO and German; pupil of Conservatory of
l^eipslc; lessons 75c. 320 Golden Gate aye.
'■EXPANSION',; the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
ire." College. SO5 Laikln st., i pp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arlthmetle.irrainmar, writing:
a day ni-,d night: terms low. li=24 Mission nr.Bth.
EMPLOYMEBTT OFFICES.
ORPIIEUM Employment ■ Japanese, Chi-
nese. 12(1 Powell, nr. ' Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. t!Ki>. OAKI. SO Geary st. : l'-l. 'Grant 56.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — PBMAXJfi.
COMPETENT French second girl desires a sit-
uation; also a first-class chambermaid with
sooil references. Apply to MISS H. CULLI-
NAX. 323 Sutter St.
FIRST-CLASS German cook with good refer-
eners d'-tires a situation; city or country.
MISS H. CULLINAN. 323 Butter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework; $12,t0 $15
!>rr month. MISS CULLEN, "25 Butter st.
LADY'S maid by an experienced and thor-
oughly capable woman in all Its duties; first-
class "seamstress; willing to do light chamber
work In a first-class house only; first-class
reference; speaks French. Call or address
all week, US Tenth St.
MIDDLE Protestant woman, first-class
cook; excellent baker and go I housekeeper,
wishes a situation; city or country; refined,
permanent home more object than wages.
Apply or address for 2 days, 770 Harrison st.
HOME v.anted with a refined family where
good Judgment In home management is de-
Blred by a woir.nn of kind disposition and
!«ve for quiet, domestic life; reliable refer-
em-ep. Address box 428, Call office,
BY ■■ neat woman, any kind of light work;
small family; wages JS; would like Sundays
frcp. .'ill Fell st.
SV EDISH girl wishes position to do second
work: wages $15. 65 Rausch St.. between
Seventh and Eighth.
YOUNG woman, with child ■ years old, desires
a- position in city at light housework. Please
call 410 Minna St., In the morning.
NEAT, strong, reliable Eastern girl desires po-
sition nt prenoral work and ci iking or up-
Etaira work; wages $20. Call 221 Hickory aye.
WOMAN wants place for light housework and
care of children: ian care for sick; best of
references. lo6.'i!i Howard st.
GERMAN woman wishes situation, with 3-
year-old boy, to cook on a ranch or dairy,
Address 323 Grant aye., Ahlborn House.
NORWEGIAN girl desires second work in nice
family; best references. 235 Thirteenth st.
GOOD ?irl wants position to do second work
or general housework, Call 1SO" ( Folsom st.,
10 to 5.
YOUNG French lady wishes situation as cham-
bermaid In hotel or governess In American
family: speaks French and a little English.
I3cx 473. Call office:
COMPETENT German woman wishes posi-
tion hs chambermaid or will do general
housework; sleep home. Address 132 Clara
St., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
WOMAN would attend sick person and do
Jlght housework during 'lay; good plain cook
and wtiFJifr, Apply 5 Auburn St., off Jack-
son, near Taylor; sleep home.
FIRST-CLASH German cook and helper all
around; French, English and Hungarian
style; all pastry! city or country hotel; ref-
erences, Apply 242 Nat'ima st.
COMPETENT girl would like situation as cook
in a small family; wages $25. '20 CapD st.,
corner Twenty-fourth.
BY a competent stenographer and typewriter,
with knowledge of bookkeeping; $20 per
month; has own typewriter. Box 1419, Call.
GOOD washer and Iron^r wants work In ex-
gh'ange for one or two partly furnished rooms.
Call at Falk's grocery, 234 Van Ness aye.
SITUATION* wanted by a competent woman,
with child; references if required; good home
more than wages. Please call 615 Seventh Bt.
A LADY With a child wants to get a place to
wcik in a small family with Final I wages and
a good home; would so to Oakland. Call at
171 Fourth St., city; no triflers. ,
EASTERN widow would like plain sewing an<l
mending to do. Call room 2. second floor. 1031
Market st.
YOUNG girl, between IS and 20, take care of
2 children. MM Page st.
LOANS on diamonds and Jewel?; low interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant.
WINCHESTER H0u««..44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms: 2"c to $1 50 nißlit; $1 no to $8
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to end from ferry.
A BRANCH office for .'all advertisements nnd
FiiV.'-'Tii'tlons has been established at 1098 Va-
!.-?i'-:n st.—
! M EMPLOYMENT WANTED — HALE.
WANTED— By reliable elderly man, situation
to do chores around place; thoroughly under-
stand* care of horses and driving; good milk-
er and plain gnrdener; willing to mnke hlm-
pelf useful at any work; good references. Box
2092. Call offlo*. ■
STRICTLY sober young man, German. 23;
ppeakH nnd writer English; experienc-d nurse,
attendant; useful; drive delivery wagon, etc.;
anything; Al city references. G. 11., 369 Jes-
sie -• ~ __j
GERMAN man and wife want to get work ( in
a hotel or lodging-house ; city or countte-;
man good porter; wife good chambprmala;
can give good references. ' Address box 436,
Call office. ._j_
YOUNG Danish coachman and gardener desires
Situation In private place; can milk; handy
with tools; temperate habits; references. Ad-
dress P. LUND. 360 Seventh St., Oakland.
WANTED— Position ac foreman in shop or on
building • by thorough woodworker and
draughtsman. Addreps box 486, Call office.
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale
house; permanent position preferred to large
>alary. Address box 427, Call office.
WANTED— Position by competent and experi-
enced engineer; best references. Address box
U■, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position as collector; can
furnish security. Address box 42*. Call.
I WANT a position to do a little work as school
boy in family. 526 O'Farrell st. ,
GOOD all-round printer desires situation; city
or country. Address box 421, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position as bartender;
city or country. 915% Market st.
BARBER, three years' experience,' would like
position. Box 471, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED —
THOROUGHLY experienced bookkeeper is
open for a good position; ask to see refer-
ences. Address box 470. Call office.
COMPETENT hotel clerk, young, active, mar-
I ried, llrpt-ilass hotel experience, wants per-
I manent eltuatton: city or country. Commu-
nicate with box 2271. Call office.
BARBER wants steady Job for evenings, Sat-
urday and Sunday. Box 445, Call office.
WANTED— as draughtsman in archi-
tect's office or factory; had experience In
most large cities in the United States. Box
450. Call office.
WANTED— Work by young man at window and
house cleaning by the day, or other work.
HENRY ANDERSON, Ml Bush St.; tele-
phone East 963.
COACHMAN, thoroughly competent: first-class
city and San Mateo references; neat appear-
ance and stylish driver and rider. Box 432,
Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and general merchandise sales-
man; ten years' experience; object to buy in-
terest in business if satisfactory. Box 2355,
Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on diamonds, watches, silver,
sealskins, pianos, guns. HARRIS. 15 Grant.
EXCHANGE.
FRUIT ranch; ISO acres, near Coif ax; $6000 cash
or exchange lor equity In San Francisco or
near-by property. Box 437, Call office.
EXPERT OPTICIANS:
GEORGE MAYERLE, tWman expert optician.
1071 ''j Market *t.. San Francisco; exam, free.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
HEAVY matting, 10c per yard; linen warp. 15c;
tapestry Brussels carpet sewed, laid and lined.
50c per .yard. EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
3210-1312 Stockton St., .nr. Broadway.
j HANDSOME new folding b»<3: large plate mir-
ror; at half price. 772 Stevenson, off Ninth.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $4S TO. with No.
7 range. King Furniture Co.. .127-1131 Market.
M It.MTI UK WANTED.
i WANTED— foOOO carpets,~furnTture, etc.; hieh-
est price paid; postal. H. COLEMAN. 1125
Mission st. '
WANTED— SSOOO carpets.furniture.etc; highest
\ price paid; postal. M. Sllverstein.llSl Market.
{ FLATS TO LETT
A— sloo,ooo TO loan on diamonds, watches. Jew-
elry, pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
NX AN. 422, near Third— Sunny upper flat
of 4 rooms; newly cleaned; rent $10; water
and cellar free.
i FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you tret from BALDWIN A IIOWELU
10 Montgomery Ft. ,
I FLAT of 5 large sunny rooms and bath; rent
j reasonable. 3845 ' Sacramento et., cor. Spruce.
FOURTEENTH, T_- Flat of fiv* large sunny
room and bath; off of New Market.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath.
1611% Fol?om ft.
NOE, 695, NE. corner Nineteenth— Lovely up-
per sunny modern 5-room flat, with store
room; $17; water free.
THIRTEENTH. 31&— Flat, 8 sunny .-cinms;
baih; hot and old water; basement; yard.
WANTED:— once, nice flats, cottages and
houses; will guarantee good tenants. A. M.
SPECK ft CO., m Market ft.
FiKßiKiii, 1 I Its. ETC
i ELECTRIC seal capes. Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$80. RODT. WALLACE. 11.' Kearny. top floor.
HELP WANTED- FEMALE.
G "jtTIIANSEN & CO^ .. . .PHONE GRANT 185
; 2 heat waitresses, first-class commercial
hotel north, $20 each; 2 waitresses and one
chambermaid to assist, same country hotel
Eouth. «20 each; 3 waitresses, different com-
mercial hotels, $20 and fare here; 2 wolt-
resses, city hotels, $20; 1 waitress to do
chamber work and tree fare, $20; 4 cooks,
hotels, $25 to $35; nursery governess, $25; 40
girls for general housework and second work.
; C. R. HANSEN .'. CO.. 104 Geary St.
WANTED— Cook (30, private family; 2 Ger-
man cooks, $85; cook, $25, and second girl,
". $20 same place- cook, hotel, country, $85;
i Mill Valley. 826; Bakersfleld, »26; Merced, $25;
L San Rafael; 125; Palo Alto, {25; Alameda,
!'■;• 101 girls for housework In city. $20 and
! S'-T,. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Put-
j ter st. .
! WANTED— English nursery governess, $25;
German or French second girl, $25; 1 nurse-
girls, $20; 5 second girls, $15 to $20; second girl
and laundress. $25; 3 cooks for boarding
houses, $25 and $30; cook for delicacy store.
530. Apply to J. P. CROSETT & CO., 318
Sutter St.
GERMAN cook. $35, city; 2 German cooks, $80; !
housework, city. $£'>. 4 in family. MISS 11.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
PROTESTANT second girl, f25; 5 sec nd girls,
I $20 and $15; 4 hotel waitresses, country, $20
each; 10 waitresses and chambermaids, city
and country, $20 and $25. MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 323 Sutter si
1 NEAT young girl to assist in housework, 2
In, family, $12 to $15. MISS 11. CULLINAN,
823 Butter Ft. -
NURSEGIRL. 815; two grown children; Irish
preferred. MISS H. CULLINAN, 223 Sutter.
i HOUSEWORK, Helvedere, $25; Oakland, $35;
I'."rk*>j\ $"25; Stockton, $25; Menlo Park, $25;
San Mate . $25; Salinas, $20; San Leandro,
$20; 12 young girls, $20 to $31); 10 young girls
to a?-si.'t. 5 ,1 i to $15 per month. MISS CUL-
LF.N", 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEKEEPER! lIS peT month; country! I
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter Ft.
WAITRESS, Oakland, $25; private family. ■
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 « STRESSES, Reno, New. $20. fare paid;
I 4 waitresses, country, $20; 3 waitresses, city,
j $20; 2 chambermaids to wait. $20; laundress,
country, $20. Hotel Gazette Employment
Bureau, 26 Montgomery St., room 12— MRS. M. !
E. DAY (formerly of C. R. Hansen & Co.), I
I manager.
WANTED— or German girl, country;
! cook and second girl, same place, country,
$25 and $20: German cook, $30; French nurse,
1 Honolulu; 2 French second girls, $20 and $25.
, Call LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
' WANTED- German girl for cooking and house-
work; no window* to clean; wages $25. Call
1 £007 l>evl?adero St., forenoon or after 6p. m.
YOUNG girl about 16 to assist with house-
work and baby. Apply Wed. and Thurs.
at 1223- Buchanan st., bet. Turk 'and Eddy.
WANTED— GIrl T for cooking and assist" with
housework; Swedish or German preferred;
wages $15. Inquire at 3645 Clay St.
EXPERIENCED forelady for white goods
. factory; permanent. BAUER BROS. & CO.,
»l Panfome st.
COMPETENT Scandinavian girl that tinder-
-1 stands cooking and housework. 817 Lar-
j kin st.
I MIDDLE-AGED woman to take charge of mi-
i fant 1 month old. Apply 1625 Oak st. In after-
| noon: bring references.
YOUNG fdr\: light housekeeping; pood home.
Call 521 Halght st, after 9 a. . m.
WANTED— FIrrt-cl ass waist hand Immediate-
ly; come early to work. 252* Pine st.
! GERMAN girl; housework and cooking; $16.
i Apply 9to 12, 414 Van Ness aye. -
APPRENTICE wanted on custom coats. 222
Kearny st. ■■> -■• -..; ■;: ■■■:
WANTED— Smart girls. Apply 141 Fremont
street.
GIRL to assist light housekeeping and care
of little girl. Call to-day 61£ Post st.
WANTED — First-clam regalia finisher or
sewer. Address box 485, Call office.
WANTED— Strong young girl to do general
j housework. 904 Taylor.
REFINED German girl for one child; refer-
ence. Apply 1719 Bush st.; this morning.
FIRST-CLAPS chambermaid and waitress!
; 1020 Van Ness aye.
i WANTED— Young girl to Assist general house-
j work. Apply before noon 3131 Twenty-second.
j GOOD talloress on coats. 80 Jessie St.; up-
stnlrF.
■ 3 WAITRESSES for lunch restaurant. 2?
First Ft.
WANTED— FIrst-clftsE talloress on ladles'
I _coati». FRANCIS. 799 Butter st.
WANTED— lmprovers on waists. FRANCIS.
Nt Sutter st. . .
} WANTKr>-Flrst-ela«is finisher who can make
buttonholes. 1036 Howard st. *
■WANTED— GirI for general housework. 2851
Howard st. y
i WANTED— girl to assist In taking care of
children. 2912 Clay St.; $12. ; ,
COLORED woman In lodging-house; sleep
home. 36V4 Geary st.
GIRL wanted; general housework; sleep at
home. Apply at 601 Larkln st.
FINISHERS wanted on cußtoin coats; $12 per
week. 40 Ellis St.. room 53.
WANTED— Finisher, button-hole maker on cus-
tom coats: steady work. 466 Clementina st.
WANTED— GirI or woman to assist with light
housework and help care for two children;
wages $10. 3CS lowa St., Potrero.
WANTED— GirI for light housework- no wash-
Ing; good home. Inquire at 140 Fifth st.
WANTED— 2 young ladies, aged 18 to 25. as
cookß on ranch; must have good • references.
Call Winchester Hotel Wednesday, between
, 2 and 2.30 o'clock. .
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
GIRLS! GIRLS! GIRLS!
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32>4 Fremont St.,
are putting In the very best sewing ma-
chines and will take In several hundred more
operators on overalls; good wages. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— and girls to work on fruit
at Cutting Fruit Packing Co., Seventh and
Berry sts. <-::^~:,h
*
EASTERN vocalist, reputation, would have ex-
perienced pianist of ability Join her high-class
.concerts through California, continuing East-
ern and Northern States. Box 307. Ca11. Oakld.
WANTED— Competent Irish girl to do house-
. work and plain cooking; no work afternoons;
none but one who understands cooking need
apply; wages $15. Call at 1121 Steiner St.
YOUNG girl wanted. 563 Valencia st.
GIRL wanted for general housework at 513
Devlsadero st. ; wages $15.
IRONER wanted In factory on ladles' and
children's wear. 123 Market st., room 35.
GOOD tailoress on coats. 461 Jessie st.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands on tailor suits at
once. S. KRAMER & CO.. 220 Powell st.
GIRL wanted to take care of a child. 1733
- Post st.
WANTED— In restaurant. 113 Turk
st.
GIRL, 12 to 14; good home. 1616 California st.
WANTED— Cook In restaurant. 113 Turk st.
ACCORDEON pleating factory: all kinds pleat-
! ing, pinking. 121 Post. Connor & Moffatt.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit at
376 San Jcse aye. '
LOANS on diamonds and Jewels: low Interest;
perfect secrecy. UNCLE HARRIS. IS Grant.
McDOWELL Dressmaking School gives a
thorough, artistic course. IPS Post st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. .
HELP WANTED
10 CARPENTERS FARE PAID
For flume building, 2 months' work, ship
i to-day
I Wages $3 a day; board J4 10 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt,
FOR THE COAST ROAD
SHIP THURSDAY MORNING
NO FEE. FREE FAKE
Laborers and teamsters $1 75 to $2 a day.
C. R. HANSEN ft CO., 104 Geary st._
FOR THE SANTA FE R. R FREE FARE
Tunnelmen $2 60 a day
j Teamsters $2 a day
Laborers $2 a day
Board $4 60 a week
Ship this afternoon
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
FOR MAtiERA FREE FARE
..TEAMSTERS FOR RAILROAD WORK..
SHIP THIS AFTERNOON
C. R. HANSEN & CO., li _ Geary st...
10 STONEMASONS, $3 DO; helpers, $2; railroad
* work Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MARKER ami distributor, $40: washer, $40;
plain lron< r, $23; washer and/»,tarcher for an
institution, $30. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
MILKER a.nd make butter. $23; milker, $23; 6
farmers, $1 a day and board. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary Ft.
' PORTER and assistant clerk for this office,
$20 to $30 a month. Apply to c. R. HAN-
SEN, In person, i 4 Geary st.
10 SCANDINAVIAN men. $30 to $35 and found,
! steady work, see boss here.
25 laborers near city, $2 a day; 25 teamsters
and laborers, city, $2 a day: mechanics
Bollor-makers .$3 75
Riveters $3 75
Rivet heaters •. $3 On
Blacksmiths $3 00
I Carpenters $3 00
j Bench hand, planing mill $3 00
I Rough carpenter, camp, free fare $2 50
C. R. HANSEN £ CO.. 104 Geary st.
HOTEL AND RESTAURANT DEPARTMENT.
Second cooks, $60, $50, $43, $40, $33
Cooks. $8. $3. $10. $12. $15 a week
14 dishwashers, $30, $25, $20; vegetable man
and dishwasher, springs, $20 each, steady
place; 6 neat waiters for coffee uses, $7. $3,
$9 a week; 4 waiters, country hotels. $25; 6
waiters, north, SCO; butcher and help on
range, $46; shop butcher, $35; chief cook for
a railroad camp, free fare, $60. C. R. HAN-
SKN & CO., 104 Geary St.
30 TEAMSTERS for Southern Pacific, Los An-
gelrs branch, $1 7." and $2 a day: free fare. C.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Restaurant butcher who can as-
sist at range, *11 week: cook, small country
hotel, $85; broiler, $10 week; cook, coffee
house. $9 week; cook, nice small restaurant,
$10; second baker, country, $35: waiter, coun-
try hotel. $30; dishwasher and kitchen help
arid other?. J. F. CROSETT ft CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
WANTED— Shampooer for bath house. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 2 carpenters for mine. $3 50 a day.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st,
WANTED— painter, $2 50 day; driver
for coal wagon, $2 25 day; 20 teamsters for
sand wagon and scrapers, $1 75 to 12 day;
drillers, $2 23 to $2 75 day; muckers. $2 day;
woodsmen, millmen and laborers for lumber,
railroad: laborers for mines; 3 men and
wives $30, $30 and {GO; choreman for Napa
Co.. $20. and " others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacrafnento st.
WANTED
Bridge carpenters for railroad, near city, $2 73
per day: 2 miners, $2 2.'; laborers for mine,
$2 per day; teamsters for city, $1 75 ;
20 farm hands for different places, near city,
$25 ond $26; butcher for small restaurant, in
city, $11 per week; laborers for mill and
woods, $26 to $35 and board and fare paid.
Also
waiter for nice country hotel. $25; and oth-
er?. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
WANTED— First-class reliable solicitor on a
mining Journal; one who has had experience
In mines and can write preferred: must be of
good habits and be able to give satisfactory
references and bond if required; salary and
commission. Call -at Grand Hotel Wednes-
i day, between 5 and 6 o'clock, M. E. DITT-
| MAR.
PASTRY cook, resort, steady place, $40; day
clerk, small hotel, $20 and found; German
clerk, hotel. $30: bellboy, first-class. Hotel
Gazette Employment Bureau, 26 Montgomery
St., room 12, MRS. M. E. DAY (formerly of
C. R. Hansen * Co.), Manager,
' BRIGHT boy for doctor's office; $3 per week.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Slitter st.
VALET; $15 per^jnonth. MISS CULLHN, 325
Sutter st.
WANTED — A first-class crockery packer at
once. Apply to 62 Market St.; steady work
to good man.
i WANTED— Foreman » for distributing and
marking room. Oakland Laundry Co., 690
Twenty-ninth St., Oakland. ,
OFFICE boy, about IS years 'old; must have
references. Address G. L., box 420. Call.-
BOY wanted; 17 years old. Address A. G.. box
423. Call.
WANTED—A good waiter. 145 Larkln Bt.
WANTED— Dishwasher, $4 a week; restaurant.
233 Sixth Et.
P.VSHELMAN and prewser. £«n Jose Woolen
Mills, KM Market St.. room 3, 32 to 1 o'clock.
GERMAN boy wanted to learn cigar business.
2012 Dupont st., between Francisco and Bay.
GOOD boy wanted In paint shop. Corner Sutter
and Laguna sis.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S.
F. BARBER COLLEGE, 741 A Howard St.
FOUR extra waiters. COS Seventh st. __^
WANTED— to work in fruit store. In-
| quire 9a. m.. corner Fourt"h and Minna Pta. j
TWO first-class coatmakers wanted; steady em-
ployment. MARIiIN BROS., 17 Stockton «.
BOY wanted to go errands. 122 Kearny ft.
BUSIIELMAN and coatmaker; steady work all
year. 115 and 117 Phelan building.
BOOTBLACK for S barber shop and to clean
baths. 120 Geary at.
WAITER wanted at Bee Hive Restaurant, 420
Folsom st.
WANTED— boy to work In a con-
fectionery store. 1308 Polk St., near Bush.
; DISHWASHER— German or American, at 8
; Golden Gate aye.
FIRST-CLASS carper wanted. Apply at
BADER & FINCKE, Fifth and Bryant.
PRESSER at the California Clothing Renova-
tory, 116 Geary st.
STRONG boy as blacksmith's helper, one with
experience In horseshoeing. 437 Francisco st.
ERRAND boy for drugstore; wages. s2 60 week.
Box 2—l, Call office.
WANTED— Man for florist and nursery work.
£00 Haight st.
WANTED— Fir*t-clas« barber; steady. 238
OFarrell Bt.
HELP WANTED MALE.
MURRAY & READY ..PHONE MAIN 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT TO-DAY FROM 7 A. M
35 harvest hands $2 to $1 50 day and found
$3 50 day Hay balers $3 50 day
23 choremen and boys — $30 to $1.1 and found
16 milkers $30, $25 and found
66 steady farm hands.. s3o. $:r,, 525 and found
183 laborers and teamsten* for city $2 day
Man and wife with family for mine
$35 and found
Coatmakers Boys for city factories
2 milk wagon drivers $30, $23 and four.d
German to drive bakery wagon.. s2o and found
298 laborers for all parts of California, $3,
$2 50, $2, $1 75 day....'
12 two-horse teamsters $.2 25 day
18 laborers, fare 50c $60
29 laborers, fare 70c $60
29 stablemen, etc $50, $40, $30, $23 and found
2 tallymen, lumber company $75
Carpenter, Government U. S — sso and found
2 good iron workers $3 day
12 stone and concrete masons $3 50 day
NOTICE
987 other places, not advertised.
CALL AND SEE
Wheelwright, country shop C. C. Co
Slate splitters, wood turners, mill bench hands
Block makers Setters, sawmill
Machinist on corrugated rolls Coopers
Wages above jobs, $5, $4, $3 50. $3, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
FRUITPICKERS .".
grapepickers
5C3 men and boys
fares $125 office fee, $1 only
anybody will suit; you will
80 to 90 days' work; $30 per month and found.
MURRAY & RKADY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
WE pay your fares
to 38 sawmills, etc
no experience wanted
197 men for 50 different jobs
from laborers to run machines
....wages, $26 to $10 per month and found —
also lumber pliers, crosscut sawyers, tree
fellers, bark peelers, Jackscrewers, woods-
men and miltmen of every description, $50,
$75, $65, $50, $43, $40, $30 and found; wood-
choppers, tlemakers, shingle and bolt makers,
picket makers, etc., by the hundreds.
MURRAY & READ?, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
WE ship you free free fare
to "very railroad In California but one
drillers, hammersmen, teamsters, laborers,
stonemasons, etc., from $3 50 day; board,
lodging, etc., cost $4 50 week (remember the
one we don't ship to Is the Coast R. R.)
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
MARRIED HELP
5 farmers and wives
2 milkers and wives
6 cooks and wives for hotels, etc
wife to coojc for men, man as choreman on
ranch; $60, $55. $:,0, $13, $40, $35. $30 and found
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT BAKERS
32 c00k5.. 565, $35, $30, $43, $40. $35,5*) and found
19 waiters $33, $30. $25, JS> and fouiul
38 dishwashers $30, $25, $20, $15 and found
4 first, 5 second, 6 third hand bakers, also 5
boy* to learn, $45, $40, $35. $30, $25, $20, $15 and
found; come and see us; IS porters, bedmak-
ers, be]', and elevator bays, pantrymen, jani-
tors, $30, $25, $20, $15 and found; 7 laundry-
men $35, $30. $23 and found
£> cooks and wives
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay ' st!"
TO 38 mines ...' big wages
12 miners, single and double $2 50 day i
65 laborers, no experience required, you will
suit, wages $37 per month with board, etc. I
25 laborers, fare $160, No. 1 mine $00
29 laborers, fare $2 50, silver mine. .s34 found !
r,3 laborers, fare $4 $37 and found
Great crowds ....MURRAY & READY,
going dally 634 and 036 Clay st.
CARPENTERS BLACKSMITHS
9 carpenters, 16 miles from city, free fare, '
house building . $3 dny and found
6 carpenters, Shasta Co., steady j0b.. ..53 day
16 carpenters, different Jobs $3 day
9 blacksmiths; 3 helpers, $3, $2 50 day, 560,
$50, $45. $40, $30 and found.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PATTERN maker for a mine $3 day
10 plow teamsters, large ranch. .s3o and found
5 strong boys to learn trades, city $1 day
10 laborers, inside work $60
10 laborers, city, board yourselves home....
$1 83 day
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE fare to Los Angeles, Fresno and Ma-
dera districts: teamsters and laborers, $2 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
A— FOR the Santa Fe Railroad Free fare
Tuennelmen $2 50 day
Teamsters $2 00 a day
Laborers $2 00 a day
Board $4 50 a week
Ship every day
MURRAY & READY, 631 and 638 Clay st.
FARE PAID DRILLERS, HAMMERSMEN
25 drillers and hammermen $2 75 day
Corner men. bench hands, muckers, etc.
MURRAY & READY, 631 and C 36 Clay st.
BIG WAGES
555 men as laborers for factories, manufac-
turing company, etc., city and country, $3,
$2 60. J2 day Come see.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St. !
WANTED —An experienced Goodyear welt
operator: steady work. Apply to CAHN,
NICKELSBURG & CO., 115-117 Hayes ft.
VEGETABLEMAN wanted. 631 Clay St.; call
after 7 a. m.
WANTED— Coatmakers on custom coats. 2S
Morris aye., between Fifth and Sixth sts.
EXPERIENCED grocery clerk; reference. 601
I.. 'irk in st. ■
WANTED— Good bootblack; steady employ-
ment. 609 Larkin st.
WANTED— Drug clerk; must have the best |
recommendations. Address box 463, Call.
BOY wanted. 516 Butter st.
CONCRETE men. laborers and teamsters to
work on reservoir and wagon road being :
built by California Powder Works at Pinole,
Cal.; wages. $2 per day; board, ?l .'." week; no
discount on time checks; cash paid when I
quit. Apply E. M. CARR, supt., Pinole Cal.
FIRST-CLASS operators on coats: steady work
and good pay: also 1 good eodtmaker or 1
barter. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 71S Market st.
WANTED— A printer for the U. S. flagship
Philadelphia; pay $30 per month and board.
Apply on board receiving ship Independence,
Navy Yard, Mare Island.
TO Tailors— coatmakers wanted. Apply
at 11 a. m. at the Stevenson-st. entrance.
CHAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Market st.
WANTED— 3 first-clnse coatmakers and pants-
maker. 'HAS. BLISS, Claus Spreckels bldg. !
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER wanted for second chair. 737 Mis-
sion st.
500 PAIRS men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d sts.
WANTED— Carpenter to care for house; rent
free. MRS. TANNER. 30 Hannah St., Oak-
land.
HOME for man; light work. MRS. TANNER,
30 Hannah st., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker; work In or out side.
L'^r.'j Montgomery aye. : good wages-.
BARBERS— Paying .V shop for sale cheap; also
Sterling bicycle. 340^ Third st.
CUSTOM coatmakers and barters, either by
piece or week. 541 Market St.
A BOY to work at plumbing and tinning; call
early. Inquire 534 Minna Bt.
WANTED— Good butcher: steady. 2113 Center
St.. near Shattuck aye., Berkeley station.
FIRST-CLASS finisher for custom coats. 1036 j
Howard st.; good price.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices, $1
a week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 11". Kearny st.
WANTED— to drive scrapers; wages
$1 75 and $2; board, $4 GO p*r week. Apply
E B. STONE'S camp, near' San Pablo sta-
tion, on Valley Road.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 160 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
JEWELERS. 32S Bush St., room 4, third floor.
OLD cold, diamonds, pianos, sealskins bought;
highest price paid. UNCLE HArtßlS.l.'Grant.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply after 9a. m. to i
OKAS. LYONS, London Tailor, 721 Market st.
MEN wanted to learn barber trade in eight !
weeks: only Institution teaching tin" tonsn-
rial art; constant practice: expert Instruction: i
lecture* on dermatology; Sat. wagt-s; petitions
guaranteed; on 1 1 or write for illustrate! cata-
ORiie. Mohler's Barber College, 633 Clay st :
BARBERS' Protective Union— The only losral
organized union on the coast. J. .T. HEIN'Z,
Employment Secy., '"30 Market, downstairs.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHKPARD & CO.. attor-
neys. Hearst bldg.. Third and Market.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia nt HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
FIRST-CLASS furnishing goods salesman and
window dresser.. Apply box 2272, Call.
TRY our 15c meals; best In city. 408 McAllis-
ter st. ■
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c, lr.c and 23c j
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard; read. rra.
TRY Acme House, 537 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 2r>c a night; $1 a week.
■WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third fit., near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms, 25c night: reading room: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HI jj imi — — ■— M
HORSES. LIVE STOCK. Etc Fop Sale
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons. ..buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
827 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday,
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FANCY carriage, saddle and road horses. DAL-
Z'IEL, Veterinary Dentist. 603 Golde:i Gate ay.
HOUSES — LODGING FOR SALE.
Money to loan on all houses. .
18 rooms; new and elegant; a snap '&,
11 rooms; all rented; cheap rent; corner. 221
12 rooms; housekeeping; Van Ness aye... 6o(
38 rooms; Market st. ; part cash 120]
55 rooms; sunny corner; new 3>>m
0 room:<; near university, Berkeley;
boarding- 371
Many others; call for list. KREDO & CO,
$225— HOUSE IS rooms; 3d st., nr. Market: rent
$40; must sell this week. BASILE, 3 Eddy.
PAFTIES wishing to sell lodging houses sea
BASILE, 3 Eddy st., new cash buyer daily.
$700— SNAP; 45 rooms; fine location; all rented;
rent $90 month. BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— BARGAIN 24 rooms; all rented; near
Market St.; rent $40 month. BASILE. 3 Eddy.
LODGING-HOUSE of 14 rooms; always rented;
near the ferry; for sale. Box 451. Call office.
Philadelphia House, 421 Bush St.: 4S fur-
nished rooms; gas and wnter in every room.
$soo BUYS S5-roomed lodginghouae; central; ac-
count of sickness. Box 2171. Call office.
U-ROOM house; centrally located; all full; at
a bargain. 1145 Mission Bt.
LODGING houses— before buying and sell-
_ Ing. Pacific Room Renting Co., 426 Kearny.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list':- houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 MARKET ST
HOUSES. | FLATS.
1601 Octavia; 16 R..5150 663 McAllister; 7 $30
1?14 Clay. 12 R 75 1523 Pine; 6 R 3')
811 Mission; 9 R.... 37 417 Jones; 6 R.... 527 art
1823 Broadway; 8 K. 30 1333 Howard; 6 R 19
756 Folsom: 7 1t.... 21 j 132 Scott; 6 R. 18
FOR rent— Beautiful home at Piedmont.
furnished or unfurnished, to responsible
party without small children. Address P. O
box 562, Oakland.
WASHINGTON, 2415-House of 9 rooms and
bath: desirable location. Apply on the prem-
ises from 11 to 12 daily or at LANDRY C.
BABIN. 413 Kearny st.
ADVANCES m lowest Interest; private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
DOCTORS— private sanitarium; large cen-
trally located house with 11 rooms. 2 bath-
-rooms, spacious cellar and good garden; to
lease. T. O. HEYDEXFELDT. 1040 Post st.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN A HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
! ■
LOST AM) PO. \U.
I THE person who found the purse on San Jose
train last Friday afternoon, returning ba-lga
and cuff buttons to ALPHEUS BULL JR..
3230 Jackson St.. will receive $10.
LOST — Bankbook at Cliff House or on cars re-
turning from beach. Finder will please re-
■ turn to 431 Bush st.
LOST— Silver watch; monogram L. O. T. Re-
turn to THORN, 28 Geary st; receive reward.
FOX terrier, black ear, black spot on back,
I lump on hind leg; reward. 1507% Franklin at.
LOST— GoId watch and chain, initials L. F. II.;
return to 46 Steuart st. ; reward.
$5 REWARD— Lady's gold watch and pin, dia-
mond stnr in center. 7!-' Greenwich st.
LOST— carriage pups, about 3 months old.
Return to SWfTZnSR'.S Horse Market, Twelfth.
and Harrison sts.; $5 reward.
— Sunday, a link bracelet containing
eleven diamond?. Return to J. T. WRIGHT,
640 Market St. ; liberal reward.
MONET to loan: quick: all propositions; small
or large. KLOTH, 220 California st., r. 7.
MASSAGE.
MASSAGE; gentlemen treated at residence. D.
SULLIVAN. 215 Kearny St.; hours. 4 to 5 p.m.
MEDICAL.
DRS. GOODWIN, lady's physician, formerly
of 401 Van Ness aye. and 1362 Market St.;
now at lIS Eddy St., one block from Market.
DR. POPPER, ladies' practical physician for
37 years. 818 Kearny st; consultation free.
MRS. DR. KOHL, ladles" physician. 1122 Mar-
ket = t.. bet. Mat ani Tnyl'jr; hours 9 to 5.
! MRS. ALLEN, ladies" physician, 228 Van Ness
aye., bet. Hayes and Grove; 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.
MRS. DR. WTETH. ladles' physician: consul-
tation free. 942 1' st, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
i MRS. DR. GWYER. ladies" physician. 510
Eddy «t., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
' MRS. DR. DA VIES, ladles' physician. U«S
j— Market st.. bet. Taylor an : Jones.
! MKS.DR. WEOENER, ladies' physician: medi-
cated hath* a specialty. 1312 Golden Gat? aye.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human body. 115 Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 paces, in wrapper, for mniHng. Jl per year.
JUNES AND MINING.
FIFTEEN hundred shares of stock for sale
| in a paying gold mine at $1 per share; will
i advance to $3 within six months; owner need-
ing money badly must sacrifice; purchaser
may deal with owner direct. W. F. ARAM.
Mills building.
320 ACRES of fine oil land in Southern Cali-
fornia for sale or lease. Apply to M. W.
CONKLING, Grand Hotel, October 3 and 1.
W. F. ARAM, mining attorney, room 40, Bth
floor. Mills building. S. F. : tel. Main 844.
BSISCBLL V \:.oi S — l "OH SALE.
BOILERS, engine?. -md machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases,- coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixture.-*; new and second-
hand J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mis-
sion St., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FIVE buildings to be removed, Clementina and
First st.--.; lumber and f.iewood for sale. In-
quire of EDW.* K. PEARSON, 1231 Folsom
Bt. Telephone Jessie 1933.
CARNATION and rose sale for October; 10 or
IS for $1, postpaid; send now: thrifty year-old
plants. Cal. Gem Nursery, Los Gatos, Cal.
COMPLETE fixtures for 4-chair barber shop
. for sale cheap, v 7; Washington St., Oakland.
FOR sale— Lol 2.">x137:6; south side of Golden
Gate five.. bet. Laguna and Octavia st?. ; in-
come $40. Address .1. B. FRENCH. NW. cor-
ner of Ellis and Broderirk sts.
21 HAND doors, lumber, sash, etc., for sale
cheap; old houses bought, removd. 8 Valencia.
FOR sale— The Edison Dancing Doll; a won-
derful toy. Apply 449 Bryant st.
DO you Know of tools or machinery for sale?
EPSTEIN, 648 Mission, pays good commission.
COMPOUND condensing Corliss engine and
boilers. Krogh Mfg. Co.. Stevenson st.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. Mange Cure at all drug-
gists or at the Dog Hospital.
SAFES— New and second for banks, merchants,
steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests; bullion sates, vaults, etc. Ths
Walts Safe Co., 109-111 Market St.. S. F.. Cal.
FRESH snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brick dust. S R.
CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. tel. Main 50*6.
GASOLINE engines, all purposes; new and
second hand; carriage engines. DYNAMIC
ENGINE CO.. 1809 Mission St.. near Ninth.
A— s3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Pop-j-
-lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC apparatus; bargain list No.
15 now ready for mailing. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
BOILERS, engines, lathes, pod planers, 12 and
24 In.; gas eng. 2d hand. J. Burke. 139 Beale.
DRESS pants. (2 75: fine rulf, $10; MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 513 Momr.^n^ry st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAISTS.
WANTED— To hire. 100 first-class ?.-ra per teams
with harness and pead bars, long job. E n
STONE. Elmhurst. . " ■
A— Ladies' or gents' clothing, furniture bought
sold: tel. Mint 997. JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st!
OLD gold, gold dust, platinum and silver
bought. H. Landscker & Co.. 113 Montgomery.
MO.VF.Y TO LOAX. ~~
ANY amount on furniture, pinnos, without re-
moval or any other good security; payable
back in installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance en the purchase price we will
pay It and carry the loan as lons as you de-
Blre; avoid red tap* and publicity; us first-
£°Y, «"} n b £ waited upon quietly and quickly'
Call 6S-60 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
ANY proposition; any amount; G per cent- first
second mortgages, estates in probate Interest
In estates, legacies, life insurance: strictiv
confidential; advice free. G. E. OLSEN roo-n
16. first floor, Chronlcle'buUdlng.
i A «7ri?? nn Ue l ays: try all others, then see me $30 to
; $100,000; 6 per cent: Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages :estates In probate, undivided interests in
I estates, legacies and mortgages bought: advice
I and money furnished. P. A. Dolan. 636 M:irkt.
I LAW and Loan. Co. (inc.)— Capital $100,000; loan
money on any kind of security; prosecute or
defend lawsuits in all courts en contingent
fees; employ able counsel-: legal advice free by
mail or at office. 214 Pine st.. room 64.
PARTIES desirous of borrowing $50 to $200 on
? ote , o .fJ £! I V; as at s per cent, address Lender.
« box 1255. Call office.MONEY TO LOAN". ]
LOANS en furniture or piar.es in S. }.. Oak- j
lar.d cr Alameja at lowest rates, without j
removal: no commission: no delays. J. j
NOONAN 1017 to 1C23 Mission st., above '
Sixth: telephone South 14. ■ I
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob- j
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry j
Store, 8-H Market St.; telephone Main 1C44; i
branch 1? Third st. I
ANY amount of Ci per c«nt on real estate, iX
and 2d mcrtssc-es, estates, real estate in pro-
bate; mortpices and l»cac!e« bought; no de-
lay. R. MeCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. S.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
f pianos: no removal; low rates; confidential.
liONELLI. Conservatory bids.. ISO Powell st.
MONEY to loan; quick: all 'propositions; small
cr larsc. KI.OTH, 220 California St.. room 7.
LOANS en furniture, pianos. Jewelry. stock: low
rtt^F. J. K. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
mends, jewelry. W. .1. HESTHAL. 13 Sixth.
CASH loaned to salaried pecpie on note with-
out Indcrser. MORRELL. €■'■ Examiner bids.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates- ]«t an l 2>! mortgs.;
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, planes, without removal; no
. commission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister at.
MONEY leaned salaried people on th<-:r notes
without iidcrser. TOUSLEY. ."92. Pnrrott big.
IF your property Is mortsa^d ad you need
■ more money see H. MURI'Hf. «30 Market st.
MUSICAL nsTIUMKXTS.
A:? we are selling jru>d upright pianos fcr $0
■ rash and if- per month, we aak you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
" 'tame as if purchased for all cash; -bargains
!in good second-hand upright! upon came easy
payments and some rood piano.-? for $3, $4 and
• r. ier month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Steinway ceaiers, corner Kearny and Sutter
. tts.. Sar. t'rancisco, and Thirteenth and
Drcadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest ■nd largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE S.
.if, 2i an«i Z0 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
{.!! other musical instruments of all grades
. : ..'. prices; teinis- eas; ; prices lowest: every-
thing possible Jcnc to please and Eatisry the
•, customer.
A ~FEW GOOD BARGAINS:
;: rd upright: good for practice $115
Ch!c;;e:t:,sr: pood order ISO
fcir.'.th a; Barnes ISS
' Also i-p!ei;<iid squares from $35 up on $4
];•. ::h'r.ts: no interest.
liEXJ. CURTAZI & SON, 16 O'Farrell Pt.
fc'.MALL upright for *100; Hemme & Lor.c. $173:
"Gibson. $2.:.: Decker & Son, $3^o; all bargains
..at MAUVAIS 1 , 763 Market st.
YOU got good pianos at reasonable pr'ces ar.J
en easy terms at MAUVAIS', 7C3 Market st.
AN <■ leg-ant Sielr.wav upricht; half price. Room
10, Flood building.
A-rPitIGHTS, JOa up; Intents, $5 75 up;
rents. 52 up (allowed en salf^. Heine. V,Z Eilia.
V. G. BADGER^ 412 sjonmtfr.to ft., agrect for
Francis Bacon ar.d llallelt & Davis piancs.
A BARGAIN — Stelnway upright cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hiberr.la Bank.
GOOD pirino :n Ftoraef en sale cheap for cash.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 171 q Market st.
.A— SSS UPRIGHT piano in fine condition; also
the famcus Hcrnunp Bros. 216 McAllister st.
CHEAP Stemway upright; also the famous
' Hcrnung Brcs.' piar.es. 215 McAllister st.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy and ether pianos. 303
WANTED— 2 Square Planes and 4 Cabinet Or-
pans. BYROX MAUZY. SOS Post st.
KXABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, SO OFarrell st.
■SUPERIOR violins^ zithers, old and new. H.
MUI.LER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has " een established at 1O'j« Va-
lencia st.
.OFFICES AND STORKS — TO LET.
2CEW corner store and 3 living rooms and
yari: rood locatTon; rent $13. R. J. MONT-
GOMERY, 470 Thirteenth et., Oakland.
.FOR rent cr for l^ase. 553 Howard St.. large
store end large concrete basement.
PALMISTRY.
2IME. NEERGAARD. pupil of Count St. Ger-
main. 616 Geary st., above Jones; classes;
office hours. 1 to S p. m. : reading by ■ ■■.!. $1.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER with S2OOO to increase stock hard-
ware business: cleared JCOX) in 1 yr. : estab.
over 20 yrs. M. E. M.. Call offlee. Oakland.
PERSONALS.
■CHARLES WESLEY ALEXANDER, please
write to Sacramento. M. E. A.
TO r-r.t— /-room lodffinp hout?: rear entrance;
newly painted, papered. 31*4 O'Farrell st.
FRINGES braids, beads anT Jewels made to
order. ETTINGER'S, 723 Market tt.
LKDKRER'S Quintonlca H^ir Tonic is not a
hair dye— nourishes th* hair and js very bene-
ficial to it. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton bt.
LEDEKEP., the popular hairdr^^r, charges
but 23c for lafest hair styles; he uses Schef-
H>r's Colcrine for dyeinc the hair, only Jl DO
to iZ: price 7lc bux. UZ Stockton st.
JOHN L. BOONE. Patent Trademark
Attorney at Law, and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter St.. Laws a Specialty
San "rancisco, Cal. American an<3 Foreign
Send for circular. I Patents Solicited.
ASSORTMENT of Imported and domestic r«m-
r.ants fcr suits to crd>-r. JlO 75; pants. •$3 ',:>;
nothing hivher. One-I'rice Tailoring Co., ICU
Market St.. under St. Nicholas Hot*
ANNlE— Where did you get your tailor-made
(-'.i'.t° At the EASTERN OUTFITTING CO..
lSee Stockton. I paid for same at $1 ptrr week.
ANTIQUE ar.d curiosity shop; goods bought,
sold; exchanged. 525 Dupont Bt, nr. Cal.
ELECTRIC liphts in every room: Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st., r.ear Market: 703 rooms ;
2Sc to $1 Id per night; $li.O to $S per week;
frfe 'bus an 1 bacaas 1 * to end from th» ferry.
WORKS of art worth M 00.0.'0 on exhibition a-
Pnlaoe of Art. If. Post st. Ladles -.Viih escorts
admitted from i.l-j p. m. to 11:30 p. m. E.
HAQUETTE.
MRS.L.J.WHEELOCK has removed La Verlte
I'.irlcrs to IHC Market; phone Folsom 446.
PAINTING anl paper har.sirn?: rooms papered,
$2 E0 up. JEXSEJS & BATH, 308 Sixth st.
INCRUSTATION— Ntw invention for china dec-
crntcrs. See S. R. CHURCH; 207 San.«ome st.
"BALL-BEARING" sew in? machines; r.o fric-
tion. White Sewiriff Machine Co.. 3'.'o Pest st.
JIVE. LOUISE'S manicure parlor has removed
:rcm O'Farr-''.! to 132 E-J'ly__t.
3JLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lore, 2?S Kearny £t.. first floor, room: 2-3.
JAMES a. SORENSON; watchm&ket nr.d Jew-
tier, removed to 103 Sixth r-t., near I —.on.
____________„. * „
I.ACHMAN & CO.. mfrs. of fin? furs ar.d seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Keary st.
RUPTURE, piles cured: examination free.
Tjts. Mansfield & Porterfield. S2S Market st.
HIRSUTINE Co.. hair specialists, crow hair
or no nay; book for stamp. 6 Eddy Ft.
JF you wish full value for your cast-off cloth-
ing, call on B. COHEN, 157 Third st.
*
RUPTURE, stricture cured: no knife; no injec-
tion; puarantd. Dr. Gord'n, 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
EIJITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMCS. HI" Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
WANTED-Old kcM for manufa'np. O. Nolte,
__Jewelei\J<S O'Farrell. bet. Powell & Mason.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Cn'l, 16 pases, ser.t to any address .-. the.
_ Unites ?t»te«; POKtnald. for $1 r">r year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES.
FINEST and fullest F^ l4l Fo ."are deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
catplcjrue free. Cal. Camera Cn.. 22 Oary st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
-I:n. C. C. KNELL, of fee and residence.
iCCT.. Market st.. hft. Sixth and Seventh.
HEAL ESTATE — CITV — FOR SALE.
v. . . ■■- . ... ■ ■. - . . -- . . : -
CHOICE business and residence properties,
with prices that cannot be beMen,
$2SCO each— Lots; Howard St.. bet. Eighteenth
and Nineteenth; warm belt: 2oxloy.
J4oCC— Corner Howard and Eighteenth sts.; 25
SI2T.Q — Eighteenth St., r.ear Howard; 22:6x100.
$0755— Substantial residence of 10 rooms, bath;
lot aOx.100; patent sidewalk and streets
accepted en above.
$6iu0 — Corner Capp and Eighteenth Ets.; house
of 10 rooms. 2 baths; lot >. 122:6; corner
portion being vacant.
$v*X) — Mission St., near Twenty-first; business
location: large lot. 60x122:6.
W. li. CRiM & CO.) 118 Montgomery st.
*:oo<i «m 0 . . . ..77 . . ..*2000. ..:...:.. ..52000
FOR SALE— FOR SALE.
EAST TERMP— SAME AS RENT.
NEW MODERN HOMES.
JUST COMPLETED.
SIX ROOMS, DATHS^AXD BASEMENTS.
< »N
VERMONT AND KANSAS STS., XR. ISTH
GO SEE THEM.
OUR REPRESENTATIVE ON PREMISES.
CENTER & SPADER. 11 Montgomery st.
FOX rale— House of 10 rooms, suitable for 2
"families; lot 26x110; on Thirteenth st.. In West ;
Oakland; price $1700; cheaper for cash: offer J
wanted: going East the cause. For partlcu- j
lars apply to WM. CHRISTTN. Real Estate I
Agent. 17:9 Seventh St., West Oakland.' j
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.
INVESTMENTS UNDER $2000. -,
JI.CCO— One and a halt blocks from Third and
Market sts., 2-Etory house; 7 rooms.
$I,6oo— Near Third and Harrison Ets.: lot 2"x
SO; front anj rear; cottage rents SIT.
?:. 700— Near Bryant and Ninth -.: ■) flats.
3 rooms each; ients $27; lot 20x?3; all
rented.
Jl, 9oo— Near Powell and Jackson Bts.; 2 nice
fiats of 4 rooms; each rents SIS;- lot
20xC0.
$I,9oo— One end a half block! from the new
postofflce; 3 fiats of 3 and 4 rooms;
each rents $21: lot 25x73.
HOMES UNDER $2000.
$1,100 — Twenty-eighth St.. near Dolores; lot -"x
114: nice appearing cottage; 4 rooms;
$500 bank mortgage.
JI.HCO— Near Seventeenth and Noe sts.: lot 2Sx
114; cottage v roome nnl' bath: in good
condition; bank mortgage of $13CC.
JI.SOO— Nc-ar Sixth ord Bryant sts.; lot 23xS0;
nice house of 6 rooms and 8-foct base-
ment.
ll.SCO— Douglas near Twentieth; lot 25x125;
housg 6 rooms and bath; 1 year old.
$2,ooo— Half bloc!: from new postofttce; lot 2"x
11; cottage of 7 rooms.
WESTERN ADDITION HOMES.
12,300— Near Scott and Golden Gate aye.; lot
2-'.xsKi: ccttage of 6 rooms and bath and
basement. .
$6,CCS— A northwest corner on best block on
Pine St.: let 27:6xS7:<S; house 6 rooms
and bath and stable; in good eondi-
•■ ■
IS.COO— Near Pa?? and Brodorick sts.: elegant
house Id rooms and bßth and laundry
and basement: lot 1 137:5.
$S,2K'— Bcker si., near Panhandle; elegant
house 14 rooms nnd br.th and basement;
hard finished throughout.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. .
$3.OCC— Two almost -•• flats on Golden Gate
nvenue. near Lyon st. ; every modern
Improvement : lot '-'■.'
fS.CCO— McAiliFter St.. near Pierce; 2 tlegant
flais of 7 and 11 rooms and bath; every
r.jqderp improvement.
{10, CCO — drove st., roar Lacuna; 1 frontages; 3
flat? on one street, 4 ■ •■:. other; rents
|1 : -
EXCEPTIONALLY CHEAP LOTS.
I2.CCo— Halght Ft., near Park Panhandle will
pxchan?» for Improved property and
pay difference in rn«.f..
$1 CJC— liokrr Et., n?ar Golden Gate a*--" lot
2:,x?6:6.
fI^COO-^-Uolden (ate ava., near Lyon St.; lot
. . 20jc 1 14 ;. north tide.. ..; . :
$7CO-S..;:th side Clipper Ft, near Noe; lot
2C*114.
We hold our regular auction sales
every .two weekE. For further par-
ticulars npply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE * CO..
C3S Market st.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT.
RESIDENCE AND PROVED PROP-
ERTY.
AT SALESROOM, U MONTGOMERY ST.,
MONDAY. OCTOBER 0. IS:<9,
At 12 o'clock noon.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
US and PXoH Guerrero et.. near Twenty-sec-
ond: 2 flats of ". nnd 4 rooms and bath each;
rents ?34; Etr< accepted ; lot 24x105.
NORTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
EXECUTOR' S SALE.
1411-13 and 15 Bush St.. near Polk; 3 lay-
window houses of 7 and 10 roome, bath each:
brick foundation; rrar portion of lot facing
Fern aye. is vacant, and if improved witu
small tenements (which " rent readily > • w>< :lu
ray handsomely; rents at present V.'7: mort-
gage of $5:(-0 at 6'A per cent can remain; lot
.''3xl2o.
CORNER IN WHOLESALE DISTRICT.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
EE. cor. Drunim and Commercial sts. ; 2
stores and .'.welling: rents J l^: old Improve-
ments; lot T<'x7s irregular; 1 block from Mar-
ket st. and ferries.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
223 Scott St.. W. line 112:6 feet N. of Haight;
bay-window house of 6 rooms and bath: fin-
ished basement; brick foundation; cement
walk; street accepted; lot 25xKQ.
GOLDEN GATE ay- RESIDENCE.
ITO9 Golden Gate nve., B. line 110 feet W.
of Pierce; bay-window house of & rooms and
bath: brick foundation; cement vraik; street
FLATS FACING THE PARK.
E33 or.d 50." Frederick St.. H. line l'Zi feet E.
of WlHard; 2 bay-window fiats. '• find C rooms
ar.d biith each: stable In rear: brick founda-
t'on: cement walk, etc.: rr.t $45: lot 2, r .x]"7:C;
mortcige of J2CCO at C'.j per cent can remain.
BY ORDER OF' HIBERNIA BANK.
413 Twenty-seventh et., S. line 151 feet W.
of church; cottage of 4 wms and bath; rent
$ia; lot KilOV
15Y ORDER OF IBRNIA BANK.
42S Tv.rr.ty-seventh Ft., N. side 245 feet W.
of Church; bay-window cottage of 5 rooms
ai.d bath; lot I tU4.
SIX BUILDING LOTS.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
S. side Twenty-seventh st.. bet. Sanchez and
Noe fits., bs a whols? cr in subdivisions.
Fur further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN fc CO., Auctioneers.,
14 Montgomery st.
AT A. 11. SPECK fc CO.'S,
In the Examiner building,
rMENTB.
$100.000— Grand investment within block of Call
bids ■ lot 2:C'\7o ft.: one nan) rents SSCOQ.
rro.fOO-rOrana Investment; 2:5x37 ft.; rents
jrO: near Ferry: cost llfcS.WO.
$1 40, G00— 6-story stone, brick and iron building;
rn.ts jIO.WW per annum; guaranteed ease) 8
$40, 000— Grand Investment] vicinity of Masen
et.; rents }4 -.
$30.000— Stores and 12 flats; rents $309; lot S3x
$23,000-^-Grar.d investment; block from Stock-
ton and Market: lot x 137; old improvements;
pays. 5 per cent net; if improved will pay 10 per
-
$14,000— Geary St., near Mason; Etore and lod?-
-lng-houae.
SlS.OOO— First et.; 87- foot front; 2 fronts j near
Mission.
•Mason it., not far from Geary st. ; IS
foot front.
IM.'jOO— 3 rant flat of 9 rooms each; rents
$li:.: (salt wr.teri: n»ar Geary St.. donwtown.
Jl'J.r.'-'J— -\>v.- flats; very One; rents ?!-5.
Jlu.OOO— Ninth St., r.ear Mission; business.
J.V.OO— Market Et. flats; lot 30 feet front! a
snap. •
?s.-,fO— Stockton St.: rents $70; lease 10 year*.
f.v.cc_Oil!forn!a Ft.: 3 flats; rents $45.
$4750^-Turk r;.; 2 flats and stable; reduced
from SOW; ir.rtf! lot.
$1750— Cozy 7-rr.nm house; lot 2"xlCo ft.; nlc«
groirnds: rent HC .",0.
COCO— 2 f.Ets: rents $1?.
S7".O — Cozy n»w coUhko; large lot, used for
chickens ar.d vegetables.
Other bargains at A. M, SPECK & CO. S. 667
Market Ft. . .;* ■:
NEW HOMES
Five, 6. 7, 9 and 10 room houses, finished
with all modern conveniences, fronting on
Waller. Pierce and Primrose Bts., from $31 ■
to $4."C0; terms to suit purcha»or. IT. NEL-
.SON. Builder.
PROPERTY redeemed; money advanced for
Improvements; salt jruaranteed in 10 days;
cash offer in 21 hours; no expense; no delay.
P. A. DOLAN, 636 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First aye., and you wish to sell them,
call en W. J. GUNN. 410 Montgomery st,'
A BARGAIN— SISOO; 4-room ccttatte; owner.
504 Batl Et, in barber shop.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
15 pay* 111 wraii'ier. fir maillntr, ti per year.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sale
TO lease — Contra Costa County, on San Pablo
Creek, 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150 acres; well
watered, wooded: 2.",0 acres good grain land:
balance excellent pasture; suitable mlik or
Etock ranch: railroad facilities. In person
R. E. ROWLAND. Orinda Park.
FOR "SALE— Chicken and duck ranch, near
city; lease of ground, with privilege of buy-
ins same. Address G. H.,sbox 430, Call.*
WANTED— Ranch on shares; will furnish.
cash. H.. IC2'^ Sixth st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BEFORE huntinsr housekeeping rooms got list
free. Part!!.- Room-renting Co.. 426 Kearny.
BUSH, 1203—3 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing; gas stove nd bath.
CHESTNUT. 293, corner Dupont— or more fur.
nished rooms, complete for housekeeping with
bath.
CLAY. 2»21, In rear, near Fiilmore— unfur-
nished upper rooms; water; rent $7.
EDDY, 915—3 unfur. or furnished rooms newly
elegantly papered; private res.; fine location.
EIGHTH. 10H. near Market— Nice sonny bed-
room and kitchen for housekeeping.
EIGHTH. 348, near Market— 2 runny double
front parlors, with kitchen and bathroom;
furnished for housekeeping: private family.
ELLIS.' 13SS— 3 to I unfurnished rooms In mod-
ern sunny flat: all conveniences: chean.
FIFTH. 3.3—F urnished rooms, double and Bin-
gle, $5 to $7: store with housekeeping. $15.
FOLSOM, -Housekeeping rooms and' double
rooms, $2 up; single ins, $1 up.
GEARY. 5:6— Nice sunny suites for housekeep-
ing; double and single rooms; phone.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4. 1599.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— front rooms; |
reasonable; housekeeping. I
HARRIETT, t, cor. Folsom— Nlqely furnished
housekeeping rooms; separate flat; cheap.
HOWARD. 1144— Nice sunny suites for house-
keejMng; running water. . . > !
IF yiu're short borrow of the respectable
house of UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
JACKSON, !'OO, near Mason— furnished j
housekc«]i'ng rooms, $S: single $4. |
LEWIS. IS, off Taylor, near Pest— sS; large un- ;
furnished room anil kitchen: also ! mall room. )
MISSION. 9li— Front room and kitchen, com- ,
plete for housekeeping.
VALENCIA, S34V-. near Twentieth— bunny front ■
room and kitchen* furnished; housekeeping;
bath: rent f_T5O. . ' |
VAN NESS. 1021— Finely furnished sunny |
suites for housekeeping; . also single rooms.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ;
subscriptions has been established at 10l>6 Va- .
lencia Ft.
ROOMS TO LET — Farn. and Infnrn. j
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, Sixtl - RoomT
2f»e to $1 p?r night; $125 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
A BRANCH^ Office for Call advertisements and :
;', b 'riptlons hus been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. |
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.—
Homelike bouse; modern service; elevator:
bath: rooms 10c to Jl 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
AT 12 Second et.. double rooms for week, $1 50
to $3; single, Jl to Jl 1 "': day, 25c to 50c.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1304) — Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON. IIOS Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye.— Sunny corner; well furn. rms. & offices,
EDDY. 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 fO week up; elevator day and night.
EDDY, 2.'3— Newly furnished large sunny front
room with German family. <
ELLIS, :il (Rosedale House)— Nice rooms, Sic
ii night, Si ft week up; reading room.
EXCELSIOR House. 39 Turk, cor. Taylor— New
mangt.; tunny frcnt bay-wind, rm?. ; trans' nt.
GEARY 14A— Handsomely furnished suite; also j
Blngle rooms; reasonable; transient.
GEARY, 4iS (The Navarre)— Comfortable furn.
rooms: travelers accommodated. MRS. HTER.
GEARY, . r 5B — . egant finny front parlor;
piano, phone; housekeeping and other rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN— ccr. Seventh
prrl Mission Bts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or i
Finale; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
HANCOCK House. 751 Mission— Select family
roc nil in hcufe: ri CO to ?6 per week,
HOWARD, 715— 200 sunny rooms: nicely fur-
nished: every convenience: electric lights.
HUGHE? HOUSE. 214 Third— Newly renovated;
He to EOc per night: JIM to $3 per week.
HYDE. 2"2— Nice sunny furnished rooms to let:
reasonable.
LAGI'NA. 642, near Hayes— nice furnished
sunny front room.
MINNA, CS7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room: M per week; transient^
MISSION, 1514, nr. 11th— Sunny single front
room; central; private family; $1 25 per week.
'"■NEWPORT." 21 Franklin; nr. Market—
bay-win, rms. and single, $5 up; also hskpg.
OAK. HSj — Nicely furnished gunny front room;
• private family": ps.«. bath: $6 month.
O'FARRELL. ."37— Larse room, suitable for 1
or 2 gentlemen; private family.
O'FARRELL. 504— Neatly furnished rooms;
gas; running water! I ath; single or suites;
reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Mprket— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOP hunting furnished rooms; Ret list free.
Pacific Room Renting Co.. 426 Kearny St.
TTHE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
fcr good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THIRD, 803— Housekeeping r%fcms. {2 per -week;
r!so sinele rooms for men.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established nt 1058 Va-
Urcin i-: _^
ROOMS V. UTTED.
WANTED by two adults, .handsomely furnished
apartments for lleht housekeeping; no othor
roomeis: Ptate foil particulars. Address box
2522, Cail office.
ROOM for gent in private family; central.
Particulars; 1.., x 2170. ■••:.;!.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
(2 MONTHLY, rented: repaired, bought, sold;
mnchln<? supplies. 143 SLsth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, ranted; re-
palrfrg at l"-wp«t rates. 2^>"» Fourth at.
SHOP WANTED _____ POIVKI*.
WANTED— To rent, room or shop, with or
without power, suitable for light -woodwork-
ing manufapturir.?. Box 453, Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
QOLTSEN Jubilee celebration. I. O. O. F.—
Sealed proposals will be received at the offlee
of the Executive Committee, Seventh ar.-5
Mai ' • sts.. up to noon. October 7, for the
restaurant, icecream, soda water and randy
privilege* at the Mechanics' Pavilion, for Oc-
tober 18 13 and 20. Address T. H. GILMORE.
chairman of tli» lIhII Committee. (No liquors
will -be KlUmed.) -By order of thr> Executive
Committee. V. 8. G. CLIFFORD, Sec__
ROOJtfH pfiprred frc.rn S"i: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 ?A st.
NICE private me in confinement: most rea-
conable price In city, Mrs. M. Pfeiffer, mid-
wife, 2012 Folsom, tir. 16th; phone White 1344.
BAD tenants elected for $<: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-11; tel. 5D20.
CHEAPEST nnd best in America— The Weekly
Call 16 races, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada on* year for $1.
pestagp fnld.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Ofnc. 101 Post, cor. Powell: tel. Main »713.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— New Bouse, 8 rooms and bath: lot COx
IM; good location; 5 minutes' walk from sta-
tion. Apply to W. F. SCHULTE. I6U Chapln.
lALAMEDA ROOMS AND HOARD.
HOME for ladles In delicate health; lar*e ■
grounds] private. MRS. DR. FUXKE. 1416 Bth.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR eale— ln the best port of Berkeley, house
of 9 rocms: new; all modern improvements;
large lot. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate, i
adjolr.lnK Foerofrico, Berkeley. ;
TO — Furnished house of IS rooms; 0 acres j
of land; carriage house, etc. Apply JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, adjoining Post- |
office, Berkeley.
FOR SALE— FIno residence site; corner Vina
and pruco, hot. Vine and Cedar, North
Berkeley: outlook on bay; very desirable for
home; garden, orchard; any amount. Terms,
owner, HEMF.N'WAY. 1.'.1S Spruce.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. II pages, cent to any address in th»
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent, In desirable location, house of nlr.e
rcorr.s, bath, laundry - and storeroom, with
etahle. chlcken-hcuse and large yard; con-
venient to trains and university ground*. Ap-
ply to J. R. LITTLE. Berkeley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
RARE chance for hotel man; $45C0, to close an
estate; large corner lot with elegant 24-rocm i
house; cost $10,000. M. L.- WUP.TS. Seven- [
teenth and Broadway.
$2000— GREAT bargain; Frultvale residence; lot I
33x174; bath and all modern conveniences. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
SUNNY modern cottage; large rooms; flowers;
fruits, chickens; ' handy to Bchool. local trains:
ta»y payments. MRS. a. GOODRICH. 1178
East Sixteenth ft., Oakland. ■ ,
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pai?es. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
OAKLAND HOI;SKS TO LET.
HANDSOME residence, 9 rooms, bath; barn; 589 i
24th. Inquire R. Franks, 1C22 Grove; rent low.
OAKLAXP FURNITURE FOR SALE. I
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the i
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland. j
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Frederick P. White and Natalia Miller 38-33
Jose V. Costa and Anna Bettencourt 29-31
Hadrick Riley and Charlotte E. Coleman.. 2S-23
Eldert A. Rizcr and Mabel E. Kiler 31-24
William A. Parks and Angellne M. Adler.. 6l-45
Christian Bernhard and Clare B. Ne150n.. .23*20
James H. O'Connor and Nellie F. Fallen. .2l-21
Alphonse L. Brouillard and Edna Porter.. 2S-22
William Morris and Jennie Chamberlain. ..s9-29 ■
John I. Sable and Vcnla Little 35-32
BIBTHS—MABBIABES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not bo Inserted. They must be handed
In at cither of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the_same published.
BORN.
BISHOP— In this city, October 3. 1889, to the
wife of Frederick W. Bishop, a daughter.
LYNCH— this city, October 3, 1899. to the i
wife of B. C. Lynch, a daughter.
POHLEY— In Tiburon, September "8, 1539, to
tho wife o- B. C. Pohley, a son.
SIMON— In this city, October 2. 1539, to the
wife of Philir> Simon, a son.
WALLACE— In this city. September 23, 1899,
to th. wife of A. W. Wallace, a son.
MARRIED.
DOLAN— REMILLARD— In this city, Septem-
ber 27, 1899, at Sacred Heart Church, by the
Rev. Father Cullen, Robert E. Dolan and
Malvina IlemlHard.
HOLLOWAY— In this city, October 1,
1809, at the residence of the bride's mother,
by the Rev. E. R. Dllle, D.D., James Ryan
Jr. of Merced, Cal., and Eva Luella Hollo-
way of Santa Cruz, Cal.
EALCHE— KXAPP— In this city, September SO,
lhsa, by the Rev. Dr. Stebblns, George C.
Saiche and Edie M. Knapp.
DIED.
Adler, Charles Kahn, Regina
Ant 'ill. Louis KrauEe, Samuel R.
Collins. William P. Logle, William
Colllson, William M'.chaells. Edith N.
Crewe, Charles O'Donnell, Mary
Davis. Alfred Olscn, Peter
Duddy, William Parker, Charles E.
Flynn, Catherine Roche, William A.
Grossman, George Rogers, Joseph
Holmes, Lucy J. SelTeck, Alice V.
Howie, John Sorbicr, Josephine M.
Jauch, Anna Ivan, Jeremiah J.
Johnson. Arvled Sullivan. Joseph D.
Kb: • Joseph Bvcnsen, Captain A.
ADLER— In this city, October 3, 1399. Charles.
beloved husband of Adaline Adler, and father
of Mrs. Martin Strauss and Melville, Harry,
Rose, Alexander. Mar ad Edgar Adler, a
native of New York City, ased 5S years 4
months and 12 days.
Cv'Notice of funeral hereafter.
ANTi In this city. October 2, 1899, Louis
Antoni, beloved sen of Mrs. Mary Wieller,
brother of Al'ihonse Antoni, and nephew of
Mrs. J. Distei, a native cf Alsace, Germany,
aged 35 years 2 months and 28 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing rarlors of Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524
Stockton street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
■
COLLINS— In this city, October 2, 1899, Wil-
liam P., beloved son of Catherine Collins,
nnd brother of Mrs. Mary" Crounke and
Thomas H.. John J., George D. and Katie
Coll and the late James Collins, a na-
tive of Panheco Contra Costa County, Cal.,
nged 31 ears 11 months and 24 days.
tGTriends nn'l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ettend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), et 9:"0 o'clock, from his late
residence. "SSO Ninth street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church for services. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery.
COLLISOX— In the City and County Hospital,
October 3, 1839, William C »UlEon, a native of
Canada, ascd 22 years.
CREWE— In West Berkeley, October 2, IS??,
Charles, beloved husband of Sarah A. < In we,
father of Charles S., Florence 1., Amy E.,
LSllio 8., H-:n>!<l E. und Violet A. Crewe,
brother of Thomas A. Crewe, and son-in-law
of Henry Wlndrom. a native of England,
aq^o" 40 years H month? and . days.
(C7"FTiend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
lience, 72S Charming way. between Fourth and
Fifth streets, West Berkeley. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
DAVIS — In the City and County Hospital,
October 3, ISI'9. Alfred Davis, a native of
Oregon, aged 36 year?.
DUI'DY— the City and County Hospital,
October 3. 1899, William Duddy, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged S3 years. ,
FLYNN— In this city, October 2. 1599, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Patrick Flynn.
mother of John and Maurice Flynn i::. '. the
late Dennis. Patrick and Mary Flynn, ar.,l
sister of Maurice end Edward Hayes, Mrs.
Johanna Wnllace and Mrs. Mary Mitchell,
a native of Kreemont, County Cork, Ireland,
aged ES years.
£-?Priend;» and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday); at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
lience. 647 Jessie street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
GROSSMAN— In this city. October 3. 1599.
George, belove.l husband of Mnria Eva Gross-
man, and father of George J. Grossman, Mrs.
J. Koch and Mrs. G. de Luca. a native of
Alsace, aged 7*> years ana 3 months. A mem-
ber of Golden Gate Lodge No. 2, I. O. O. F. :
San Francisco Lodce No. 1, and member of
the Grand Lodge, O. d. H. S.
E"7"Xotlee cf funeral hereafter.
HOLMES— this city, October -. 159?, Lucy
Jnr.e Holme?, beloved mother of Mrs. G. B.
Corwin and -Henry C Holmes, and grand-
mother of William J. Porter, Bert Porter,
Mi Charles Hubbard of Los Angeles and
llarlev O. Corwin. a native of Ohio, aged S4
years *9 months nnd 12 days. (Los Angeles,
Nanford, Kings County, and Jantsville, Wis.,
papers please copy.)
Es"FTH'nd* and uCM.ua kitances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at l:L-0 o'clock, from her late
residence. 2406 Howard street. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
HOWIE— In Lr»« Angeles, Sept. 10. 1*99, after a
ll.ijc^rins- illness of four) months with
consumption. John Howie, a native of
Greenock, Scotland, nged 2-". years.
JAUCH— In this city," -October 3, 1899, Anna
Jauch, dearly beloved wife of John Jauch, a
native of Saxony, Germany, aged 27 years.
A member of Alpha Circle Xo. 156. Compan-
ions of the Forest (Denver, Colo., papers
l.lease copy.)
CT Friends m id acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday); at £ o'clock, from the parlors of
the Gantner & Gunts Undertaking Company,
8 and 10 City Hall square. Interment Laurel
Hill CcmeteVy.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 3. 1899, Ar-
vletl, beloved son of Victor and Anna John-
eon, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 7 months
and 24 days.
KAHN— In Oakland, October 1, 1499, Reglna
Knhn. beloved mother of Mrs. Lillian Black,
a native of Germany, need 72 years.
IT?" Friend* an<l acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 10:30 clock, at the
mortuary chanel of Bessie J. Wood ■•-• Co.,
1)"S Twenty-third avenue. Interment private.
KAHN— In this city, October 2, 1893, Joseph,
beloved husband of Melanl Kuhn. and father
of Sydney and Theresa Knhn. Mrs. M. Myers
nnd Maximilian and the lute Godfrey Kahn, a
native of Wurtemberg, Germany, aced 84
years '• months and 2 days. (New York and
Portland papers please copy.)
CTFrlends rfna acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
reldence, 2509 Clay street, between Fillmore
and Stelncr, thence to B'nal B'rlth Hall, 121
Eddy street, where funeral service* will be
held under the auspices of Columbia Lodge
No. 127, I. O. B. 8.. commencing at 2 o'clock.
Interment Salem Cemetery, by 8:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
KRAUSE— In thin city, October 2, 1599, Samuel
H. Krause, dearly beloved husband of I»on-
ora Krauee, and grandfather of Mrs. Hattle
Lewis, a native of Santomlschel, Prussia,
n::e>l IT years 6 months and 12 days.
C^Frlent'.s and acquaintances arc- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:20 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3190 Sixteenth street, near Guer-
rero, thence by 11:40 o'clock train- from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets to Home
of Peace? Cemetery for interment.
K. and 12 of H. — officers and members of
Aurora Lodge No. - 2, K. nnd L. of 11., are
requested to attend the funeral of our late
brother, S. R. Kratwa, to-morrow (Thursday),
at 10:30 o'clock, from his late residence, 3190
Sixteenth street.
W. C. HEARN, Protector.
L. B. HOLCOMB, Secretary.
LOGIE— In Alnmecia, October 3, 1899. William,
beloved husband of Annct Lylo Loicie, and
father of Grace and the late James Lloyd
I^'t"'e. a native of Ontario, Canada, aged 29
years 1 month and 6 days.
MICHAELIS— this city, October 2. 1599,
Edith Xiven Michaels, dearly beloved wife
■of George E. Mlchaelis. and only daughter of
JoSte E. and the late James Xiven, a native
of Ban Francisco, aged 17 years.
C?" Friends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
cf her mother. Mrs. J. E. Xlvens. 2427 Fol-
som street. Interment private.
O'DONNELL— In this city, October 2, 1593,
Mary O'Dor.nell, beloved mother of Edward,
Patrick J. and the late Michael O'Donnell, a.
native- of Ll?mcre, County* Waterford, Ire-
land, aged Si years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are rospect-
HtNRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flannagan & Gallagher),'
FUXERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
10 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 8C«.
I N. F. Dethlefsen. Chas. H. Jacob.
CHAS. H JACOBS CO- 85B&SS88|
Snook. Funeral Directors and Embalm-
crs, 318 Mason street, bet. Geary and
O'Farrcll streets. Telephone Main 5213.
mc/=i\/o"Y~ at CO., I
I FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
I 1235 Market St., between S'h and &th. ■ I
Telephone South 247. |
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, -from her late
residence. 413 Third avenue, off Point Lobos
aven-.ie, thence to Star of the Sea Church,
Eighth avenue, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soui,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
OLSEN— this city, October 1. 1599. Peter
Oisen, a native of Sweden, aged 54 years.
CT?Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the California Undertaking Company,
405 Powell street, near Poet. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. -T:'i>;
PARKER— In Oakland. October 3, 1899, Charles
E. Parker, father of Mrs. B. P. Sawyer and
E. C. Parker, a native of Massachusetts,
aged 78 years 4 months and 2 days.
ROCHE— this city. October 2, 1899. William
A., beloved husband of Nellie L. Roche, be-
loved son of the late Mr. and Mrs. Michael
Roche, and brother of Archie. Mollie and
Maggie Roche, Mrs. Joseph Dorerlng and the
late Mr?.- John Riordan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 27 years.
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
; (Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1245 Sixth avenue. South San Fran-
cisco, thence to All Hallows' Church, where
a solemn requiem hiieh mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
ROGEKS— In this city. October 2. 15??. Joseph
Rogers, beloved brother of M. Rogers, a na-
tive of Portugal, age.i 37 years.
SELLECK— In this city, October 3. 1899. Alice
V. Selleck, beloved wife of H. H. Selleck.
daughter of Roaana Kane and the late- David
Kane, and sister of Mrs. H. Puckhaber and
the lute William. David and James Kane, a
native of San Francisco, age! 2'". years 4
months and 9 days.
SORBIER— Los Catos, October 1. 1599. Jo-
sephine Marie .Sorbier, beloved daughter of
Jules E. and Louise A. Sorbier. sister- of
Marie and Cecile M. Sorbier, and niece of G.
E. Bacon, a native of San Francisco.
lE7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 220 Van Ness avenue, thence to
the Church of Notre Dame dcs Victolres,
Bush street, between Stockton and Dupont,
■where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
SULLIVAN— In this city, October 2. ISP9, Jere-
miah J. Sullivan, beloved brother of John J.
Sullivan, Mrs. John O'N«11, Mrs. Mary Fen-
ton and the late D. J. Sullivan, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 59 years.
£7"TT:e funeral will take place this day
(Wednesday), at S:3O o'clock, from the resi-
I dence of his FiFter, Mrs. John O'Xeil, 3462
i Seventeenth street, thence to Mission Dolo-
res Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of hie soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private, in
Holy Cross Cemetery. Interment private, in
[oly Cr es Cemi I f
SULLIVAN— In Phoenix, Ariz., September 27.
1899, Joseph D., beloved son of Johanna and
the late Da/i lel Sullivan, and brother of
James E., Daniel M . .Mary. Humphrey J.,
Katie. Fred and Albert Sullivan, a native of
San Francisco, aged 32 years and 6 months.
SVENSEN— In Valparaiso, August IS, 1839,
Captain Andrew Svensen of Chilean ship
Temuco, beloved husband of Caroline Sven-
fen. an.l loving father of Andrew Svensen,
aged 55 years.
CARD OF THANKS.
To the many friends whose tender minis-
trations have lightened our sorrows during
the sickness and since the death of our be-
loved son and brother. Cephas Leavltt Kelley.
we, tender our heartfelt thanks, praying the
blessing of God the Father upon each and
every one. MRS. S. A. KELLEY,
MISS C. ESTELLE KELLEY.
; ST. DOMTNICS Church Building Association—
The regular monthly requiem high mass for
: the deceased members of the above associa-
tion, and for the deceased parents and rela-
tives of the members, will be celebrated in
St. Dominic's IChurch. Bush and Steiner
streets, to-morrow (Thursday), at 9 o'clock.
Friends are Invited to attend.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F Turner, 2Sth Infty I Miss McCudden, Cal
J F Bishop. 2Sth Infty jJ E Bishop. Nome
A H Schweter, 2Sth In: A Semple & w. Conn
Mrs C D Howry, Cal iJ Hawley. Vancouver
J lilair. Placerville 'H M Tibbey, Canada
yV 11 Booth. Los At:.- J Rivers. British Col
C H Fairail, Stockton R Michael & w. Or
C E Montgomery & w. C E Bf-ckwith. Cal
Cal J Hagerman, S Jose
J T Whitney, Rocklin Mrs C T Fenton & dau,
A Anderson, Cal I Webster City
J M Morgan, It Vista J A Black, Chicago
C .1 Schuster. Cal J D Parish.. Uklah
.! A Rlx. San Jose M Biggs Jr. Oroville
G B Dyer, Los Ang H P Barry & w, New
D EllBl ■ Napa j ZJealand
R M Schofleld, Portld V S Sanderson & w,
S Attel. Oakland i New 7,-nland
.! I! Menasco, L Ang G M Atkinson & w,
\V L Heniricks, Brlstl Stockton
V. Vance, Chicago J Blair, Placerville
f> Rlngel, Indiana A « Reynolds & w.
H P Williams, Cal ! Denver
M B Medbury & fam, II B Bhacke Cal
I'tlca iW ( i Watson. San Jose
.T Kullman, Benicia i: E Bevan. Marysville
H E Bevan, Marysville C Trennle, N V
X C McKittrlck, Colusajl Morris, Stockton
F i. Bali -. Cal W T Logan, Montana.
J McKlttrick, Mass Q Parker, Boise
C Martin, Cal »V Wiley. Cal
J B Phillips, Cal L P Swift, Fresno
W a Wilson. Cal &I Michael. Cal
J II Boyd. C«l |r Cox & w. Sacto
V 8 Venable & w. Cal C P Bailey, Cal
Mrs J Anderson, N V Mr? Huntrelman, Sac
\v it Guy, Ban Diego P Tracy, Placervl
P II Brooks, S Diego IS Jaffe & w. Seattle
)I G Tal>er, S Diego T A 1 Dean, -.land
A H Eddy, 9 Barbasa M R Dean, Courtland
,1 McCudden. Vallejo )
PALACE HOTEL.
P L Schuman, Chicago .5" B Maneny, Lawrence
firs F Scott. England lira Maneny, Lawrence
Mrs Davidson, Eng \i H Phillips, Jackson
l> Thorpe, «ton jr Carroll, Tacoma
Ii w Huddleston. X V Mrs Carroll, Tacoma
M Russell. Boston 'Miss Carroll, Tacoma
.'apt Wildschut, Hollnd T P Moore, B C
Ii Bears, Boston p R Bush, B C
C II Maglnnis, Minn Mrs Bush, B C
J Anr.erbach. London 3: Ludlow. Indiana
J H Palmer, Chicago 'Mrs Ludlow, Indiana
M ielich. Pa XV F Ferrier. B C
J S Tebbets, Ariz Mrs Ferrier, B C
II A Guffey, Pa R W Raymond. X T
r L White, Sacto Mrs Raymond, X V
II R I oson, X V ' Miss Raymond. X V
D S Rosenhaum, Alton Mrs Baliinger, X V
Mrs Roschbaum, Alton : Miss Bliss. X V
C A Canfield. Coallnga'Mrs Meiga, N V
7 A Chamber!", Mrs J Douglas, X V
M Mnymis. Chicago jMlss Douglas, X V
T T Williams Martn Miss Briggs, X V
.1 W Tourney, D C Miss Bell. X V
Mrs Tourney, D C O Holtorhoff. L Ang
,' L Bunce, Hartford Miss Boyne, Chica.go
(> Tamer, Spokane M Bchenck. X V •
Mrs Turner, Spokane Mr Arbenz, Germany
Miss Walker. wVa I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL. ,
C E Van Ness, Fresno; A Vincey, Sacramento
C McCurry. Redding J A Boshard, X V
W Terry, N V iD A Dunning, X V
Mrs McGoldrlck, Eng M E Be27.ant, Utah
F 11 Bardln, Altair.oat W C Hurl, t=alt Lake
J Kelly. Fre«no A J Valz, Benicia
R J Walsh, San Jose j Serlum. Redwood Cy
A X Vesejr & -x, Cal :P-F Nobnan, Wash
I! I 1 Buell, Walaonvill E Johnson. San Dlfgo
G Marquis n, X 1* !J C Gillesple, Seattle
J li Rowland, I-iwa IS C Smith It w. X C
W 3 Rowland. Illinois 'T H Coleman, Manila
E II Rowland, lowa -jD ii Tay, Manila
E J Rowland, Illinois C Ward, Manila
1) Carroll, Gd Rapids T J Haffey. Manila
W Beebe. Michigan F Acever, Sto;i<.ton
A Emp, Seattle J S Nelson, Riverside
W Scnroeder. Troccy O W Ayer, Salt Lake
W Murphy, Stockton |
« ♦ •
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
; . William H. and Mary A. Kane to Mary E.
1 Tully (wife of John J.), lot on S line of Sutter
street, lIS E Fiilmore, 6 187:6 by E 52, reserv
ing life estate; grant.
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Mary
i A. Qulnn, lot on X line of Geary street, 62 E
I of Lyon, E 26 by N $0; $1300.
', Lucy W. and James M. Talbert to Frank
i and Katherlna Sander, lot on SW corner of
Bush and Lyon streets. W 43 by S 107:6; $10.
Samuel Perkins to A. M. Simpson, lot on
NE corner of Turk street and First avenue/ X
! 51:3, E 100. X 62:6. E 21:1%, S 112:6, W" 133; $10.
', Rebecca and John H. Purves to John D.
Campbell, lot on E line of Noe street, 51:6 X
of Nineteenth. N 23 by X 105; $10.
J. J. Havlside to Charlotte Haviside, lot on
E line of Fair Oaks street, 110 N of Twenty
j fifth. N 25 by X 123: gift.
j "Louis Dutertre to Florentine Dutertre. lot
i on NT, cornerof Montgomery avenue and E line
! of Dupont street N 22.02, X 117:6, S 137:6, W
21.31. NW li 0:3; gift.
! Michael Gehagan to Mary Gehagan. lot on
NW corner of Leavenworth and Jackson
! streets, N 73K>: a t. X 25:2%; E 73:10%, thence
25:2%. and right of way from Jackson street
! to rear of lot: gift.
; A. R. and Luella McKlnley to Thomas
Mellersh, lot on S line of J street. 107:4 \V
of Eighteenth avenue, M' £0 by S 100; $950.
Margaret Lamb to Maria Llndrop (wife of
John H.). lots 1377 and 1378, Gift Map 3, quit
claim deed; $1.
W. . A. H. and I. Torrey Connor to Connor
i & Perry Trust and Investment Company, lots
1 17 to 20. 40 to 44, block 21, lots 2 to 10 and 27
feet off S side of lot 11, block 33, lots 34 to 39,
! block 31; also lots 30 and 33, block 25, Lake
view; $240.
I John (or John D.) Mitchell to Mary Mitchell,
! lot on SE line of Corbett street and Moss
! alley, S So degrees 25 minutes, E 122:8, S 16
'■■ •degrees, W 138, S 81 degrees. W 155:4. X 22
degrees 42 minutes. T. 185:6, lots 9 and 11,
. block 4. Market-street Homestead Associa
tion; gift.
George W. Frlnk to Minerva K. and George
H(. Frink and Abby Frmk Bickel, lot 20, Foun
tain Plat avenue, Masonic Cemetery; gift.
Alameda County.
Nancy J. Bowditch to Douglas B. Woo.l
-worth, lot on SW corner Hocking and Pros
pect streets. \V 130 by S '63:4. being lots 31
' and 32. block F. revised map of the Prospect
i Hill tract: $3500. <
Bank of Xapa (a corporation) to George S.
McKenzie. lot •on XE corner of Cedar and
Louisa streets. X Sfl by E 101:6, block 6,
1 Graves & Taylor Tract. Berkeley: $700.
.Tames W. and John E. Cooley (by J. B.
I Lanktree, commissioner) to Emil Pfankuchen.
! lot on S line of University avenue, ' where
; same is intersected by the line between r>!ats
j 64 and 65 of subdivision Rancho of V. and D.
I Peralta. thence SE 17 feet to center line of '
Strawberry Creek, thence SW 12.20 feet SE
j 121 feet, NE 54.40 feet. NW 137.65 to 6 line of
i University avenue, thence SW 35. 57 feet to
beginning, being portion of plats 62 and 64.
Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Bprketey: $700.
i Jacob and Lina Heyman to Julia E. Tisdale.
! lots SS and 39, Alvin Tract, Brooklyn Town
-1 Ehip: $10.
I E. B. Pond and H. C. Campbell 'trustees cf
1 C. H. Eastman) to San Francisco Savin-* ■< !
I Union. 53G d 477. lot 20. block 1, Blasdel Tra~t. j
Map 3, trustee's deed. Brooklyn Township: i
; $700.
Walter M. Axtell to Mary J- Axtell, lot on ]
NW line of lot 2. on Map of twenty-two-acre ]
! tract of Liere Bros., of October 1?. 1577, and
Adams avenue (or new county road, Oakland j
! to San Lear.dro). thence NE 774:10. NW 112:7. ;
SW 774:1.. SK 112:3. to befilnnind. beinc a
i portion of lot 1 on map of above twenty-two
aore tract: also lot on E line of Bray avenue, i
3'>" N of Ea*t Fourteenth strtft 'or now county
road from Oakland to San Leaudroi. E 295, N
82, W ISO, S 41, W i:,O, S 41 to beginning, being
' portion of lot 53. P»ray Tract. Brooklyn Town
: ship; also tots 23 and 24. block j. on S line of
i East Ninth street, ion W from W line of
i Fourth avenue. East Oakland; gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Henry Levy (owner) with O. A. Craemer
! (contractor I *, architect Philip Schwerdt— All
I work except plumbing, painting, shades, fix
i tures and mantels for alteratl ins and additions
! for a three-story building on S line of Mc-
Allister street. 5J W of Gough, W C 5 by S 120;
$2220.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Ten.
60 Caledonia 72 100 Sierra Nevada. 87
400 Chollar 40 60 Standard 350
100 Hale & Norcra 2? 100 Union Con 37
100 Mexican 84 200 Yellow Jacket. 27
Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 10! 100 Hale & Xorcrs 2S
100 Belcher 21 200 Ophir f .. M
100 Caledonia 71 500 Potosl 53
300 Con Cal & Va.l 4.V 600 Savage 24
200 Crown Point... IS 100 Sierra Nevada. 67
500 Gould & Curry 38 200 Union Cor. 27
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Andes 10 300 Potosl 54
200 Bullion 041 200 Savage 25
900 Con Cal &l Va.l 40 200 Seer Belcher.... 04
200 Con Cal & Val 42u 400 Utah 13
400 Ophir 99! 400 Utah 12
700 Overman 20 ! 200 Yellow Jacket. 27
I 1000 Overman 19
Afternoon Session.
• 200 Belcher 22 200 Ophir 9S
200 Best & Belcher 37 i 400 Sierra Nevada. 67
! 160 Chollar 38 50 Standard 340
! 200 Con Cal & Val 42Vs; 300 Union C0n.... 3S
' £00 Mexican 34: 400 Yellow Jacket. 27
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
BAN FRANCISCO. October 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 OG Justice 07 08
Alta 04 06 Kentuck 03 —
Andes 09 11 L Washington 01 02
Belcher 21 22 Mexican 34 35
Best & Belcher 37 39 Occidental 21 24
Bullion 04 05;Ophir 98 100
Caledonia 70 71 j Overman 19 20
Chollar 38 39 Potosl 52 54
| Challenge Con. 2S 32 Savage 24 25
' Confidence 70 75 ' Scorpion 02 —
Con Cal A Va.l 40 1 45]Seg Belcher 03 05
Con Imperial.. — 02 Sierra Nevada, 66 67
Crown Point... 17 19 Silver .Hill 02 03
Con New York — 03; Standard 3353 45
E Sierra Key.. 02 — : Syndicate ..... 05 —
Eureka C0n.... — 50 St. Louis 07 —
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 36 3S
' Gould & Curry 35 36 Uta"h 12 13
Hale & Notch 28 29 Yellow Jacket. 26 27
! Julia — 03
i .
Time Ball.
'Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. >T., Mer
chant)'' Exchange, oan Francisco, Cal.,
1 «r 3, 1899.
The time ball mi the tower of the new Ferry
building; was dropped at exactly noon to-day
j i. c., at noon of. the 120 th m-ridian, or at S
j'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. Q. CALKINS.
I Lieuter.nnt Commander, U. S N.. in charge.
* j -,»
Sun, Moon and Tide.
« — +
United Ftr.tes Coast and Geodetic Surv«y—
Tlm°s anl H«>isht« of High and Low
Waters at Foit »Polnt, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The. high an.i low waters occur at
th" city front i Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide I? th» fame at both places.
NOTE— In the uhove exposition of the tides
the early morning tiioa are given in the left
hand column .md tl-e saceesslve titles of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column jjives the second tide of
•he day, the third time column the third tide
ar.d the la.»t or right hand column slves the
last tide of the day. 'xctrt when there are but
three tide?, as sometime? occur. The heights
plv»n are In addition tr> the soundings on the
l"nit»d States Coast Survey charts, except
•rben a minus sisn f— ) precedes the height,
and then the number Riven is subtracted from
the d-pth given by the charts. The plane of
reference i? th« m->an of the lower low water?.
. .
Steamer Movements.
a_ ; i , — »
TO SAIL.
f — -^
J Shipping Intelligence.
« ; . — — : : , —^
ARRIVED.
Tuesday. October S.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, 15 hours from
i Greenwood.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 honrs from
'■■ San Dieco.
Stmr I'nquille River, Thompson, 90 hours fm
, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Funol, Lieblt. 92 hours from Grays
! Harbor.
1 Ptmr Elsie, Duerrbeck, 16 days from Pyramid
: Harbor.
Br ftmr Victoria, Blakey, 10 days from Hono
lulu.
Kor stmr Titanla, Egene*, 4 day* from N'a
nalmo.
Schr Geo Skolfleld, Marshall. 20 days from
Fort Wrangle.
Schr Falcon, Murchison, 14 days from Kla
wach.
CLEARED.
Tiie?day. October 3.
Ship Glory of the Seas, Freeman, Comox; R
Dun=mulr Sons Co.
Bktn Ruth, Olaen, Kahului; .Alexander &
Baldwin.
Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, Honolulu;
Williams, Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday. October 8.
Br Etmr Bristol, Mclntyre. Nanaimo.
Stmr George Loom.?. Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Orizaba, >:: olson, San Pedro.
Strnr Queen, Jepsen, Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, Usal.
I Ship Bohemia, Whalman, Puget Sound,
; Schr Mary E Foster, Thompson, Honolulu.
; Schr Nettle Low, Low. Point Reyes.
; Schr Newark. Beck, Bowens Landing:.
TELEGRAPHIC.
! POINT LOBOS, Oct i, 10 p m— Weather
| hazy; wind SW; velocity 10 miles.
SPOKEN.
July 3, lat 40 5. lon 22 B— Br bark Wodburn,
i from Antwerp* for Tax 1 ' n.a.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The new steel ship Edward wall was sue-
I cessfully launched this morning at Bath from
Sewall shipyard.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Oct 3— Echr Spo
kane, for Japan.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Oct I— Schr San
Buenaventura, hence Sept 16. Oct 2— Schr Fan
nie Adele, from San Pedro; schr Pioneer, hence
Sept 15.
Sailed Oct 2— Schr Del Norte. for San Fran
cisco;, schr Roy Som.?rs, for San Francisco;
schr Chas R Wilson, for Honolulu; schr C T
Hill, for San Francisco; schr Emma Utter, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 3— Schr
Spokane, from Port Gamble, for Japan; Xor
stmr Aker, from Port Blakeley, for Buenos
Ay res.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 3-Stmr
Greenwood, from ; Hr ship Arctic Stream,
from Hamburg; Br ship Clan Macphersdn, from
I Swansea.
COOS BAY— Oct B— Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
BAN DON— Arrived Oct Schr Josesh and
Henry, hence Sept 15; was tar bound for eight
days.
KT'REKA— Oct 2— Stmr San Pedro,
hence Oct 1. Oct 3— Stmr Pasadena, from San
Pedro.
Sailed O-Jt 3— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. ".,
PYRAMID HARBOR— Sept 17-Ship
Two Brothers, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Oct 3— ship Benl
cia. from Hamburg; bark Pacto'.us, from Phila
delphia.
CASPAR— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Cleone. hence
Sept 20.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 3— Br ship Lorton.
• from Hamburg; schr Mizpah. from Rogue
! River.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived October 3— Stmr Macki
naw, hence Sept 29; bark Lev! G. Burgess,
I hence Sept IS.
EASTERN PORT.
! NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 2— Ship S D Calre
| ton, from Philadelphia.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HOLHEAD— Passed Oct 2-Br ship Prim
rose Hill, hence May 2.".. for Liverpool.
| LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 3— Br ship Prim
■ rose Kill, hence May 23.
SY\DNEY— » prior Oct 3— Stmr Ala
i nv»da. hence Sept 7.
MANlLA— Arrived Oct I— Br stmr Garrone,
! from Seattle.
VICTORIA— Arrived Oct I— Br shin Drum
lanrig. from Liverpool, via Montevideo.
YOKOHAMA— To sail Oct 2— Russian stmr
Da!ny Vostock, for Honolulu and San Fran
cisco.
HIOGO— Sailed Aub 27— Br stmr Benmohr,
for Yokohama and San Francis -o. Aug 31—
\ Jap stmr Bankoku Mar for Honolulu.
In port Aug 31— Schr Bessie E Stevens, for
NANAIMO— SaiIed Oct Haw stmr San Ma
teo. for Port Los Angeles.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
j BREMEN— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Bremen, from
: New York, via Southampton.
SYDNEY— Arrived previous to Oct Stmr
! A'.ameda, from San Francisco, etc.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York, and proceeded.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 3— Stmr Kaiser
Wiih<-lm der Grosse. from Bremen, etc; stmr
South wark, from Antwerp.
Sailed Oct 3— Stmr Ethiopia, from Glasgow;
; stmr Lahn. from Bremen, via Southampton.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
! ■^ Steamers leave Broadway
*sjv^,^ wharf. San Francisco.
! IjXSfck For Alaskan ports, ?0 a.m.,
E^Qlah Oct. 3, S. 13, IS. 23. 2S; Nov.
'P% J^Sr^U 2, L change at Seattle.
' k?J&.£Sr3 '«&! For Victoria, Vancouver
«12»SgfS9l 'I ? <-'.■>.. Tort Townsend, Se-
>»*^SKl attle. Tacoma, Everett. Ana-
cortes and New Whatcom
"^* (Wash.), 10 a. m., Oct. 3. S.
12. IS. 23, 28; Nov. 2, and
every fifth day thereafter: change at .Seattle
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. R>. ;at an-
C °rlV YMT^i-H^rnboWt Bay). 2 P. n... Oct.
6 11 16 21, 26, 31; Nov. 5 and every fifth
i d '°#cr h "rnta r -Cru . Monterey. San Simeon.
I Cayucos, Port Harford (San Lyis Oblspo).
GaViota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los A"Sjlesl_ and
Newport, i a. m., Oct. 3. [. 11. .15. '•'■ — . ... 31:
Nov. 4. and every fourth day thereafter
* For San Diego, stopping only lit Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo <Lo!= Anpeles) 11 a.
m. Oct 5. 9. 13. 17. 21. 23. 20; Nov. 2. and every
f °For h e MaK r dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa?.. Santa Rom-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. <th of each
m For further Information obtain a folder.
The company reserve? the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour? of saillr.«r.
TICKET OFFICE- 4 New Montgomery
str?~t fPalace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st./San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Ppear-street V.'harf at 16 a. m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berth
lAntl $8 Second Class and Meals.
1 STATE OF CALIFORNIA sails. Oct. 3. 15, 23
COLUMBIA sails ...Oct. 10 JO id
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East
15 E. C WARD, General Agent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
■•>•-.• Superintendents.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First end Brannan streets, 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
AMERICA-MAKU Saturday. October 11
HOXGKONG-MARU.'.Wednesday, November 1
NIPPON-MARX' Saturday. November 25
* Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON, PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York Oct. 4|New York Oct. 29
St. Loul« Oct. 11 St. Louis Nov. 1
Et. Paul Oct. IS St. Paul Nov. 8
. RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Friesland Oct. 4 1 Kensington Oct. 25
Southwark Oct. 11 Nordland Nov. 1
Westernland ....Oct. lSiFrleeland Nov. 8
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full Information regarding freight and
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
30 Montgomery st., or any of Its agencies.
PDifß&nft S. S. Marlposa sails
tJHIPSB?! vla Honolulu and
rnilE* Auckland for Sydney
)A "* "■ — >. Wednesday. . October
Jti./l.^v 4. at 10 p. m.
>ifM\M\<J The S. S. Australia
Q)lCflil!jllly" galls for Honolulu
(?JP-P\?iT)li~ Wednesday. October
\yiiifJ>J:tfq^ fa at 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
' Samoa. New Zealand, Australia, India, Sues,
i England, etc. J6lO first class.
I. D. SPRECKELS a BHGS.CO., Agts.. 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St
COMPAGKIE GENSRALE TRANSATLANTIQUZ.
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. ■*£Lf3j>
from Pier 42. North River, foot of •■*-'**"« r^.
Morton st. LA NORMANDIE. Oct. 7; LA
CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 14; LA GASCOGNE, Oct.
21: LA BRKTAGNK. Oct. 28: LA TOURAINE.
Nov. 4. Firft-class to Havre. $60 and up-
ward: a per cent redaction on round trip. Sec-
ond-class to Havre. $4.".; 10 per cent reduction
on round trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR
UNITED STATES AND CANADA, 32 Broad-
way (Hudson building). New York. J. F. FU-
GAZI & CO., Paciflc Coast Agents. 5 Mont-
gomery aye., San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
. Steamer' "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays. 10: SO a. m., 5
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 150$.
FAKE 60c
1314
REPUBLICANS CHOOSE CANDIDATES.
Strong Men Named to
Represent the Party
at the Polls.
Weils for Auditor Heads
the List Nominated at
Odd Fellows' Hall.
For Auditor .... Asa R. Wells
For Treasurer . . . Louis Feusier
For Assessor . . . Albert Heyer
For Tajt Collector . . Joseph H. Scott
For Recorder . . William Z. Tiffany
For City Attorney . Chaa. H. Jackson
For District Attorney. Alfred P. Black
For Public Administrator
John Farnham
EIGHT candidates for office at the
hands of the voters of Kan Fran
cisco »re nominated last nlprht
by the Republican Municipal Con
vention held at Odd Fellows'
Hall. A platform was unanimously In
doreed breathing fealty to the principles
of the. party and declaring for the rights
of labor and against religious tests of
citizenship; for public ownership of
Utilities; for a dollar limit of taxation on
O. valuation of $375,000,000; for the re
ference of bond Issues for public im
provements to the voters; for good
schools, competition in street lighting and
In other j.-üblic contracts; and pledging
all the nominees of the convention to
carry out all the provisions of the new
charter.
All this was r.ot done without consider
able excitement, one mostly to the en
ra of Delegate Abe Kuef of the
Forty-fourth Assembly District to I
the convention into a circus. He donned
.;> and bells early In the evening and
for four mortal hours clowned it to the ;
edification of a well tilled lobby, which
Unanimously voted his perfoi
hundn I funnier than the-. Demo
cratic. Conventi m of the night before.
There w.ks method in Ruef's absurdity.
Which did not dawn on most of the
gates until n< ar tho close of the session,
when he put in nomination for Public
Administrator the incumbent, John A.
Drinkhousc, whoso attorney he happens
to be.
The friends of Prinkhouse had gone Into
the Republican caucus to select nominees,
:ng to abide by the decision of trie
rity. The caucus had decided that
it wanted Captain John Farnham us its
nominee for Public Administrator, and the
quence was that Kuef, who has
what of a record as a bolter, was
displeased. He started the ball of his dis
ire rolling early last night, as one
delegate put It. "with a threat in one
and an offer in the other," for his
own particular purpose. That purpose
miu.y thought at first was tv form a little
:nent for the delegates, but
events tended to shuw that his only
object was to secure the nomination of
willy-nilly.
re, insinuated slate by
1 and every word he
mi, r< . ant to carry that lnnu-
He tried to disrupt the order of
bus by providing in it the method
.1 county committee. He was
i ■.: it on that; he uttered amendments
Ing and that entirely Irrelevant
to t; i in hand, and he was
Jabbed lull of points of order and placed
hers de combat, but apparently did not
Lave the courtesy to stay dead
■ i up finally In the- role of jollier
and tried to Joke Lhc nomination of Drink
bouse; through, and tailed it that just at
the hour that the delegates, taking their
cue from u.e began to yawn.
Amid a general hubbub the conven
tion adjourned, after having thoroughly
enjoyed the efforts of Mr. Kuel to make
himself' ridiculous.
it was nearly S:3O o'clock when Chair
men bheldon Kellogg rapped for order,
and it \»u» close on to '.' O'clock when the
secretary ilni&tiod calling the roll, cSu^ue
deiav luiioweu in finding seats lor the acl
ejjai.es from Lite Thirty-sixth District, who
came ii. in a body during the roll call.
Delegate Cert from me Thirty-eighth
District precipitated the first stir by a
motion to adjourn. He claimed that for
mal notices of the meeting had not been
6ent to all of the delegates and desired
the convention to Quit business until due
notice be sent to all qualified delegates.
Tho secretary claimed that the notices
had been forwarded. Corf insisted upon
his motion. There were about four votes
In favor of it and about lOCkj . noes were
registered against it. including the occu
.pants of the gallery and the lobby, who
Sid not propose to be disappointed in hav
ing an evening's amusement and excite
ment.
As soon as Mr. Cerf was disposed of
Chairman H. S. Hubbard read the report
of the committee on order of business,
■which recommended that nominations be
juade in the following order:
Auditor.
Treasurer.
. Assessor.
Tax Collector.
Recorder.
City Attorney.
District Attorney.
.Public Administrator.
County Clerk.
Sheriff.
Coroner.
Four Police Judges.
Superior Judge, unexplred term.
Eighteen Supervisors.
Mayor. .
The first sensation of the evening was
pprunp by Delegate A. Ruef of the Thlrty
peventn. He offered an amendment to the
committee's report, and in a heated speech
attacked the order of business as pre
sented by the committee and the work. of
the Grand Hotel caucus. His amendment
read:
■ The order of business at this convention shall
be as follow*:
1. Reception of report of committee on per
manent organization and order of business, and
action thereon. • .': . '•:
2. Reception of report of committee on plat
form and resolutions, and action thereon se
riatim.
S. Nomination of eighteen candlates for the
Office of Supervisor to be selected by a ma
jority of the delegates to this convention.
4. Nomination of a candidate for the office of
Mayor, to be selected by a majority of the dele
gates elected to this convention.
£. Nomination of a candidate for the office
of City Attorney, to be selected by a majority
of the delegates elected to this convention.
6. Selection of a Republican City and County
Committee, in the event that it shall be de
tet7njn»d that it is within the province of this
convention to select bugli committee. Said Re
publican City and County Committee shall con
sist of seventy-two (72) members, to be selected
m follows:
Four respectively by the elected delegates to
this convention representing respectively each
of the eighteen Assembly districts embraced
•within the city and county of San Francisco.
Said committee shall be vested with all the
powers and rlirhts conferred and shall be sub
ject to all duties Imposed, by law and by party
custom.
7 Nominations in following sequence of can
didates for the offices of
Sheriff,
Treasurec
War,
Public Administrator,
Recorder,
Tax Collector,
Assessor,
District Attorney,
County Clerk,
Coroner.
Police Judges.
After reading his proposed amendments
Href mounted the platform to address the
Convention. Cheers from the gallery and
the rear of the hall greeted him. Chair
man Kellogg tried to quell the demonstra
tion In order to facilitate the business of
the evening. Ruef himself pleaded for
inlet and especially any adverse noise
which he stated he paw some of the dele
■rates preparing to srivo him. In speak
ing to his motion to amend the order of
*V.? n b"le?S thk d t : this is the .first time In
tbo history of the Republican party in
SOME SIDELIGHTS OIN THE CONVENTION.
A PLATFORM OF PRINCIPLES.
TO the Republican Municipal convention
of the City and County if San Francisco—
Your committee on platform and reso
lutions begs leave to report the following: plat
form and resolutions and recommends their
adoption:
Resolved. That we. the delegated representa
tives of the Republican party of the city and
county of San Francisco, in municipal oon
ventlon Resembled this third day of October,
]Sh9, In the discharge of the obligations we owe
to our constituents and cur city, declare our
principles and purposes as follows:
1. That we reaffirm our adherence and fidel
ity to the principles of the Republican party
as embodied In its history a.nd expressed In
its rlitforms— State and national.
'i. That we have l'alth in tha wisd patriot-
Ism and policy of the administration of Presi
dent McKinley and conflder.ee that the game,
will result In the honor, prosperity and glory,
I of the whole country, and particularly of our
city and State.
3. That the thanks of the people are due to
the soldiers and sailors of the array and navy
who have won Imperishable glory en land and
tea In the late war axainst Spanish tyranny.
We honor the California Volunteers who have
periled their lives in defense of the country
end in vindication of the honor of its flaij and
have added new luster to the history of our
{calls, nt State. The country owes to them somo
permanent recognition of their patriotism and
valor, and ample provision for those of their
survivors who have received disabling and
honorable wounds in the service of their coun
try; and that the heroes who have fallen In
Us defend shall Lie held in grateful and last
ing remembrance.
4. The present administration of the State
government has been honest and economical
aDd as bucl) Is entitled to the confidence and
approval of the people.
I. That we are In favor of the enforcement
of the n^w charter for the government of the
city and county of San Francisco, according
to its letter and spirit, and w» pledge the nom
inees of this convention to a conscientious anJ
honest endeavor to bo enforce and carry Into
effect all Its -provisions
6. And especially do we declare In favor of
the acquisition of all public utilities in ac
cordance with the provisions of article XII
of the new charter, and we pledge our nominee
for Mayor and our nominees for the Board of
Supervisors .to that policy. Until that result
is accomplished, we pledge our nominees for
Supervisors to fix within the time prescribed
by law a water rate which will net the Spring
Valley Water Company not more than 5 p«r
cent en its reasonable and legitimate capitali
zation, provided that the operating and con
struction expenses of the corporation be re
duced to an amount that is fair, just and
equitable. To that end we pledge our nominees
to make a careful and methodical Investiga
tion of the books of the company.
7. That the present system of street lighting
should be Improved and extended throughout
the outlying districts. The charge for gas and
electric lights should be reduced and the qual
ity Improved. The lighting of the city's streets
constitutes a large and necessary Item of pub
lic expense. "Wo. favor legislation that will en
courage fair competition for this contract and
secure to the public the maximum of efficient
service at the . minimum of expense. In this,
as in other matters involving the expenditure
of public money, . we are opposed to discrimi
nation In the award of public contracts.
8. "We are In favor of the present ordinance
for the removal .of poles and placing under
ground all electric wires within the district
prescribed by said ordinance, and demand of
our nominees an honest and determined' effort
to secure such a result.
9. We believe in the administration of gov
ernment—Federal, State and municipal —
cording to the same rigid rules of economy and
honesty that business men observe in the con
duct of their own private affairs. Conducted
on these principles a tax of one dollar on each
hundred dollars, based on an assessed valua
tion of *S7r,.GC<>.>)oo. will be sufficient to properly
administer the municipal government. We
therefore demand of our candidates for the
office- of Supervisors a pledge that they shall
limit the annual tax levy to an amount not
exceeding that which will be produced by a
tax levy of one dollar on every hundred dollars
of assessed valuation not exceeding 1375, 000, (W0.
i 10. As the maximum amount which may be
raised by the tax levy aforesaid will not all be
required for the administration of the city gov
ernment under the new charter we pledge our
' candidates for Mayor and Supervisors to con
! duct said government In an economical manner
' and to expend the surplus in permanent Im
provements, which Improvements shall be spe
j cifically 1 provided for each year in the annual
tax levy The funds set aside for Improvements
: ttha.ll not be diverted or used for any other
' purpose.
San Francisco that regularly elected dole- i
gates have not been permitted to confer j
with other regularly elected delegates on |
the order of business. I expect, by my
statement, to show my reason for asking
a vote in favor of the" propositions that I
shall urge upon you this evening. I have
placed.. the selection of these officers who
have not been selected by a certain cau
cus of this convention before another cau
cus ran be hold and shut out from
the consideration of those names. I have ]
put next the selection of a county com- j
! mittee, because it has not been passed on |
i by the caucus. 1 made the motion in this j
, form because somebody might move to i
! have my report laid on tho table. I wish I
; to know whether the county committee
j shall be selected by regularly appointed
i delegates or by delegates from other dlt>
j tricts. who have been repudiated and who
' have been foisted upon us. I want it de
i termined here and now whether this pri- j
| mary law, which I had a hand in making,
i was a false pretense to the public or
whether It means eometblng different in a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 4. 1899.
11. We further pledge our candidates for
Mayor and Supervisors to submit to the voters
the question or Issuing bonds for such neces
sary Improvements a.« cannot be provided for
by the annual tax levy under the charter's dol
lar limit.
12. We pledge our nominees for the Board of
Supervisors, sitting as a Board of Equalization,
and our nominee for Assessor to the levying
and adjustment of all assessments upon an ab
solutely fair and equitable basis. We Insist
that aa between rich and poor, corporation and
private citizen there shall be no discrimination;
that the burdens of government shall be borne
In equal proportion by all classes, and that the
value of corporal franchises should be as
sessed by deducting- the value of the entire
tangible property of such corporations from
the market value of their Ktocks and bonds.
13. The Republican party pledges Itself to
place our public schools in the highest state of
efficiency— educationally and financially. We
declare that it la the policy of the Republican
party of the city and county of San Francisco
that the Superintendent of Common Schools
and the Bourd of Education shall dispense with
all unncetsury text books and make no unnec
essary changes In text books, and that all nec
essary supplies shall be furnished to the pupils.
Including text books to Indigent children, free
of charge; that the sanitary condition of our
schools should be Improved and new buildings
conrtructed where neoesaary at the earliest
possible period; that all contracts shall be sub
ject to fair competition after advertisement for
public bids; and that the funds of the School
Department shall be handled with the most
rigid economy.
14. That we are in favor of providing the
means for the payment of the overdue salaries
of the teachers of the School Department; that
the arles of teachers and other employes of
the School Department should be paid oh or
before the 6th day of every month and before
any school Indebtedness Is Incurred on other
accounts; that the County Auditor shall annu
ally segregate so much of the common school
fund -is shall bo sufficient to pay the salaries
of the teachers In the School Department, and
pueh sums shall not bo diverted or used for any
ether purpose. :i ■•■•
16. The Republican party has always been the
champion o. labor and the advocate of protec
tion to the Industrial classes. We pledge our
nominees In every department of the municipal
government to the use of the Allied Printing
Trades Council Isabel, as registered with tho
Secretary of State on all printing for municipal
use.
18. Kicht hours shall be the maximum hours
of labor or service required of all laborers In
the service of the city and county and the min
imum of waEee of such laborers shall not be
less than two dollars a day; and the nominees
of this convention for Supervisors shall stand
pledged to this provision.
17. The Republican party li» re by declares
Knelt In favor of all uuch measures an are nec
essary to protect whlto labor against Chinese
competition. The employment of white labor
and the ÜBe of California materials should be
made conditions of all public franchises.
16. No bill for the grant of any franchise
shall be put upon Its final passage within
ninety days after its introduction and no fran
chise Fliall be renewed before one year prior
to its expiration.
19. We favor the conduct of the public pound
on lust and humane principles and pledge our
nominees for Supervisors to make all necessary
rules and regulations to that end. The present
control of that Institution by the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animate has been
eminently satisfactory.
20. We recommend the establishment of a
new and sanitary system of sewerage, In order
to Improve the general sanitary condition of
the city, and to that end all necessary pro
visions should be made for Immediately pro
ceeding with the construction of the best mod
ern-made sewers and sewer outlets as may be
deemed Imperatively necessary, and pledge our
candidates for Mayor and Board of Supervisors
to employ their best efforts to that end.
21. We Indorse the provisions of the new
charter as prescribed by article VI In relation
to the charge; superintendence and control of
our public ways, streets, sewers, etc.. by the
Board of Public Works, under such ordinances
as may tram time to time be adopted by the
Board of Supervisors.
22. All cobble pavements In the business por
tions of the city, and particularly In the dis
trict north of Pine street and east of Kearny,
should be replaced with modern pavements
constructed in the most substantial manner at
the earliest possible period of time and a sys
tematic plan be pursued for Improving other
pavements in bad condition as rapidly as the
funds will permit. Specifications for paving
should be so framed as to admit of asphalt,
vitrified brick, wooden blocks and any other
desirable materials used at present, and all
specifications should require that guarantees
convention; whether it was proper to run
a blanket ticket for the county committee
and to run the business of the Republicnn
party and shut out us delegates, who have
the same right, morally and otherwise, to
be here. I say. gentlemen, you are facing
a crisis in the history of the Republican
party. While the county committee does
not amount to much, yet it will establish
a principle. It im-nns the destruction of
the Republican party. And I say now, if
that is the kind of Republicanism you
gentlemen wish to foist upon vs — to "ex
pect me and fourteen other delegates to
stand and say, we have no voice in a
convention pledged to carry out certain
dictations—'
Delegate Tauszky of the Fortieth
raised the point that the original report
contained no provision as to the manner
of selecting the county committee, and
therefore Ruef's amendment specifying
the mode and method of its appointment
was out of order. The chair ruled
against the point.
■ A little fuel was added to the fire by
be given for the maintenance of the pavements
for a period of not lees than ten years.
23. We pledge our candidates for Supervisors
not to Errant any permit or franchise to any
railroad company to operate street railroads
through any densely populated portion at the
city. We further pledge them to use all Just |
and local measures to secure the speedy re
moval of any objectionable steam railway
tracks running through the Mission district to
the county line.
34. We recommend also that plans be pre
pared and proceedings instituted for the con
struction and acquisition at an early date of
a salt water pumping plant and reservoir for
supplying salt water for flushing: sewers and
other purposes where practicable.
25. The telephone service of our city has bo
come a necessity to our people and the privi
leges granted to the telephone companies have
been liberal and (if (Treat value. In return for !
these privileges we demand that said tele-phone
companies furnish free service to the city and
reduce the rate to our citizens.
it. The Coroner's office and the Morgue should
be conducted in such a manner as to show a
decent respect for the dead and a. proper con
sideration for the feelings of the bereaved
relatives and friends. To this end we pledge
our nominee for Coroner to employ a matron
for attendance upon female cases; to conduct
Inquests when practicable at the place* des
ignated by the relatives or friends of the de
ceased, and to abolish the practice of making
certain .undertaking establishments active
agents for carrying out the duties of the
office,
27. Wo fa -or such legislation nnd all other
legitimate measures that may be necessary or
expedient to protect the Inhabitants of our I
city against the manufacture and pale of adul- !
terated foods.
IS. We declare that In appointments to po
litical offices no distinction should be made
as to creed or color, and further affirm that j
the colored rac» deserves and should receive
proper reeoirnHirn from the Republican party.
29. We commend the administration of our
Police and Fire departments and pledge our
nominee for Mayor and our nominees fcr tho
Board of Supervisors to support all measures
prescribed by the new charter and calculated
to Increase the efficiency of those Important
branches of the municipal government.
30. We favor the construction of a new City
and County Hospital, pursuant to the most j
modern planß for Institutions of that kind; i
and also Fire Department buildings and equip- |
ments In such outside districts as are In need
of them and without fire protectiono.
81. Our candidate for Mayor Is hereby pledged
to appoint as civil service commissioners only
public-spirited citizens who are known to be !
devoted to civil service principles, and our
candidate for Mayor and our candidates for nil
other offices are pledged to strictly and Im- |
partially enforce the provisions of article XIII I
upon civil service in the new charter.
?2. We denounce and condemn the nefarious i
system practiced by some of our city and i
county officers by which employes under their
. control are compelled to pay a certain percent
age of their salaries as compensation for se
curing or retaining their positions, and wo
pledge our nominoes, If elected, to refrain from
direct or Indirect participation In such prac
tice.
33. The Republican party bolleves In liberty,
equality and law; In the sovereignty of the
people ond In the government by and for the
people through their chosen representative and :
according to the constitution; It believes in
personal Independence; in universal religious
liberty; In the dignity of labor; In obedience
to the laws; In electing only the best men to
office. We believe, and it is one of the car
dinal principles of the Republican faith, that
every American citizen within the Jurisdiction
of our government shall (If he wish) exercise
his constitutional prerogative to cast his vote
at every election, whether It be a national.
State, municipal or, the most important of
all. a primary election, free and untrammeled,
for the delegates or candidates of his choice,
and to have that vote honestly counted; and, j
therefore, we, the representatives of these I
vita! principles, of American citizenship, de- |
clare It to be our unalterable purpose to main- i
tain, uphold and support the new primary elec
tion law, passed by a Republican Legislature,
approved by a Republican executive and faith
fully enforced by a Republican Registrar.
34. No person shall become the candidate of ;
this convention unless he shall wholly and |
without reservation Indorse the principles and
purposes declared In this platform. And we |
invite all patriotic citizens to unite with us |
In the accomplishment of the objects nnd pur
poses above set forth, fully believing that the
exigencies of good government will be best
subserved by the election of the candidates
of this convention. Respectfully submitted.
OEO. W. SCHEUL, Chairman.
Delegate George W. Schel], who stated he
believed that the majority should rule
and that the minority would have to sub
mit, let the consequences be what they
might. Howls greeted the assertion, and
the chair nearly broke his cane trying
to restore order. Schell did not like what
he pleased to term Mr. Ruef's threate.
Ruef disclaimed any Intention of mak
ing threats. He withdrew all the amend
ments he offered except order of business
No. C, referring to the manner of select-
Ing the county committee. The chair
ruled that the section standing alone
| would be ruled out of order on the point
raised by Delegate Tauszky. Ruef was
not to be outdone, and relntroduced the
amendments as a whole and Insisted upon
the matter being submitted to a vote
The viva voce vote was decidedly against
the amendments and the rollcaO was de
manded. The vote was: Yes, 67 3-7; No.
Before the motion on the original re
port could be put by the chairman Reuf
got the floor affain and started another
Platform Insists on the
Best Method of Mu
nicipal Government,
Declares Strongly for the
Charter and the March
of Improvements.
fuss by the Introduction of the following
resolution:
Whereas. A minority of this convention has.
in caucus by unit rule, determined to Impress
upon a majority of this convention the will of
Bald minority, whereby, In opposition to law
and to paity custom, the said minority will
control the proceedings of this convention; and,
Whereas, Such result would prove of disas
trous consequence to the Republican party,
both in itself, and as a precedent hereafter.
Resolved. That the delegates to this conven
tion who pledged themselves in the caucus of
a portion of the delegates of this convention
recently held to abide by unit rule are hereby,
by a majority vote of all the delegates regu
larly elected to this convention, released and
absolved from all obligation to abide by said
unit rule, and are hereby granted and guaran
teed the right to act freely according to the
dictates of their own confidences, irrespective
of said unit rule.
Delegate Bradford of the Fortieth
raised the point of order that Ruef stated
as facts conditions that did nut exist.
The chairman agreed with Bradford and
ruled Kuef oui of order.
This finally disposed of the tilt over
the order of business and tho platform,
was read by Chairman Sehell.
Kuef proved that he was still in the
fight as Boon as the reading of the plat
form was concluded, lit.: introduced a
resolution, which was accepted as part of
the platform committee's report. It reads:
This convention unalterably reiterates the
strongest principle of the Republican party,
"Equal rights to every citizen," and is un
qualifiedly opposed to all religious intolerance
!:: politics and public affairs, as well as in
private life; to all exclusion of citizens from
public office "r public employment, or oppo
sition to them, on any motives whatsoever
based upon their religious belief, and denounces
as un-American and un-Kepubliean any and
every combination or organization whose
basis of political existence rents upon religious
b'gotry, fanaticism, proscription and Intoler
ance.
We affirm our allegiance to the constitution
and laws of our great nation, the chief Jewel
uf whose crown has evt-r been its freedom uf
religious worship and Its acknowledgment of
ual rights of all its citizens, irrespective
of their religious belief.
W. EL K. McMartin introduced a resolu
tion on the Philippine question. A point
was made that the subject was one out-
Hide tlio jurisdiction of a municipal con
vention. Delegate Schell thought the
plank Indorsing President McKlnley's pol-
Icj covered the subject fully. I. J. Tru
man Jr. and Waills Bradford urged the
adi ption of the McMartin resolution.
T. S, Sergeant was cruelly treated when
)i>- attempted i'> register a protest agiunst
sing the Philippine policy of tho ad
mlnistration. He said while he was a
thorough Republican he was not afraid
to say that In this connection President
McKlnley had made a mist.-uke. and that
when we started the war we had declared
that the acquisition of territory was not
our object. The declaration was the sig
nal for boisterous interruptions of the
ker. The chair lost control of the
ntion and for a time pandemonium
reigned. Quiet was not restored until
.nit gave up In disgust and sat down.
The McMartin resolution was then
adopted. It is as follows:
That we have faith in the wisdom, patriotism
and policy oi Pri - l< at McKlnlej and have con
fldence that the name will result In the honor,
prosperity and glory of the whole country ami
particularly ot our city and State. And we
heartily indorse the policy of tlie present
administration regarding our new pow ■
In the Philippine archipelago, and the inhabit
ants thereof. That the fortunes ar.d necessi
ties growing out of the war waged by the
United States against Spain laid upon our Oov
nt an obligation solemn In its character,
and lmperatU'e in Its nature to protect and
safeguard the llvta and property of all citi
zens and reeidenta uf the territory which came
under Its dominion, either through purchase
from Spain or as the direct result of the gran i
achievements of our brave soldiers and sailors.
Tnat the full and faithful discharge of such
obligation required the complete submission of
the Inhabitants of all such territory to the
lawful authority ot the United States, and that
-of nJ lute ne easlty, as in that of the
Filipino Insurgents, the use of 9uch force as
iry to biinc about such submission is
fully Justified, to the end th;it a liberal, stable
and progressive government may be established
aniung them under such conditions and with
llmitatl ins and restrictions as a wise
policy may dictate, having regard at all times
for tho rights of mankind and the welfare of
humanity.
That the unpatriotic and un-American criti
cism of the President and national administra
tion for the policy pursued toward the Inhab
itants of our new territorial possessions, par
ticularly the Filipinos, Is unwarranted and un
just and calculated to cripple and hinder the
Government In the work of publication and es
tablishment of government.
Ruef Introduced a resolution commend
ing the course and administration of the
present Republican county oflleials. It
was lost in a storm of noes.
Nominations for Auditor were called for
and Delegate L. L. Solomons took the
platform and placed A>a R. "Wells in
nomination. lie s^aid the office was, next
to that of Mayor, one of the most im
portant in the municipality; that it re
quired a man of sagacious judgment and
well versed In business affairs. He then
went on to outline his candidate's record
and commended hi c . honesty and watch
fulness while in ofl|ce — how he stood by
the school teachers of this city and pro
tected them from the attacks of unscrup
ulous men. At tlie conclusion of his eu
logy the delegates greeted his name with
cheers. 1. J. Truman Jr. seconded the
nomination and added his mei-J of praise
to what had already been said. Nomi
nations for Auditor having closed, Asa
R. Wells was nominated by acclamation.
Before other nominations could be made
Ruef was to the front again with another
resolution. He said It was In the Inter
ests of disposing of the convention's busi
ness without delay. The resolution:
Resolved, The secretary of this convention
C&itt its ballot for the following candidates as
nominees of this convention, and at his leisure
collect from each $10, to wit: Treasurer, IjOUIs
Feusier; Recorder, W. 1). Tiffany; Coroner, A.
D. McLean; County Clerk, William A. Oeane;
Public Administrator, John Farnham; Tax
Collector, J. Harry Scott; Sheriff, John Lack
mann; Assessor, Albert Heyer; District At
torney, A. P. Black.
The point was made that an order of
business had been adopted, and that it
would have to be followed. Ruef moved
the suspension of the order of business
and the adoption of his resolution. On
the ground that it embodied two subjects
under one motion, it wa.s ruled out of or
der. Ruef then went at the subjects one
at a time. Delegate Tauszky of tho For
tieth District wanted to know it if was
the intention of .some of the delegates to
turn the convention into a roaring farce.
Cries of "Yes!" "Yes!" from the rear of
the hal! was the answer to the delegate's
Query. Ruef's motion went down in an
avalanche of noes.
Louis Peusier, nominated for Treasurer
by Charles J. King and seconded by F.
A. Denicke, was selected for that office by
acclamation.
Delegate King bobbed up again when
nominations for Assessor were called and
named Albert Heyer for that honor. The
secretary cast the vote of the convention.
Delegate T. P. Haynes nominated Jo
seph H. Scott for the office of Tax Col
lector and he was chosen by acclamation
to represent the party on the ticket.
W. Z. Tiffany was placed in nomination
for the office of Recorder by Leon E.
Prescott. J. W. Bird and Max Goldberg
seconded the nomination of Mr. Tiffany
and the secretary of the convention cast
Us unanimous vote for the candidate.
Delegate Cerf moved for an adjourn
ment until Thursday night. Ruef amend
ed tho motion by moving that the con
vention adjourn .until to-night. Attorney
Haynes was ready with an amendment to
Ruef's amendment, but it was ruled out
of order. Delegate Hazell moved
that Mr. Ruef's amendment be laid on
the table. The motion prevailed and
nominations for City and County Attor
ney were netft taken up. L. L. Solomons
placed Charles H. Jackson In nomination
which was made by acclamation. Dele
gate Schaertzer named Alfred P. Black
for the office of District Attorney. Secre
tary Wilson cast the vote of the conven
tion for the candidate.
When nominations for Public Adminis
trator were called Delegate Ruef took the
platform and nlacfid John A. Drinkhousw
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NEW
DRESS FABRICS.
The attention of our customers is
directed to the following NEW LINES
of IMPORTED DRESS GOODS just
opened,
NEW FRENCH POPLINS, 48 Inches wide, In Navys, Greens,
Browns, Tans, Grays, New Blue and Purples.. sl.7s Yd
NEW SATIN VENETIANS, 45 inches In width, all the latest
Fall colorings $1.25 Yd
NEW FRENCH GRANITE SUITINGS, 45 Inches wide, 19 dif-
ferent combinations $1.25 Yd
NEW ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT, 50 Inches wide, sponged and
shrunk, In Browns, Garnet, Navys, Myrtle and black...
$1.25 Yd
NEW FANCY WEAVES In self-colored dots and basket
effects, all colors $1.00 Yd
NEW PLAIDS, In Boucle, Cheviot and Camels=hair effects,
elegant assortment, prices
$1.00, $1.25, $1.50, $1.75 up to $4.00 Yd
SPECIAL SALE.
Novelty and Plain Dress Patterns and short lengths of Fine
Wool Materials at greatly reduced prices,
111, 113. 115, 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
in nomination. He said he had not in
tended nominating any person for any of
fice, but he thought it his duty to name
him for the consideration of the dele
gates. He said he arose to make the nom
ination and sacrifice $10. He called atten
tion to the report of a statement made by
Judge Schell, in which the latter is pur
ported to have said that the office of
Public Administrator had been wretch
edly conducted. Attorney Ruef said that
he had received Judge Sehell's promise
that he would correct the statement,
which he stated was untrue. In conclud
ing the speaker appealed for a roll call,
as he was desirous of seeing how many
were loyal to Mr. Drinkhouse.
In placing Captain Farnham in nomina
tion Judge Bchell corrected the impression
that had gone forth that he had paid any
thing derogatory to Mr. Drinkhouse. The
nominations having closed the convention
proceeded to a vote. -«*_._»
When the Thirty-third District was
called William MeNamara, who repre
sented himself to be chairman of the dele
gation, announced 17 votes for Dnnk
hous" This was immediately challenged
by the friends of Farmim and a scene of
disorder followed. MeNamara attempted
to explain the absence of a number of his
delegation, but he was constantly Inter
rupted Chairman Kellogg ordered the
roll of the delegation called, but as the
name of each delegate was called a vote
for Drinkhouse was recorded. Objections
to the vote were made and chaos reigned.
The delegation was passed as no satisfac
tory vote could be taken. After that each
delegation was compelled to stand as its
vote was taken. The vote resulted in
John Farnham receiving 22<i 6-7 votes and
John A. Drinkhouse 7S 2-7. Chairman Kel
logg then announced Mr. Farnham to be
the nominee of the convention for that
office
The convention then adjourned to meet
to-morrow evening in B'nai B'rith Hall.
People's Party Convention.
The People's party held its municipal
convention last evening at Pythian Castle
and adopted a platform favoring the en
forcement of the provisions of the new
charter, the assessing of the wealthy to
the fullest extent, economy In the manage
ment of public affairs, the establishing
of a fund to provide labor for the un
employed residents of the city, municipal
ownership of all public utilities, the
abolishing of the contract system in pub
lic work, sufficient school accommoda
tion a new sewer system for the city and •
the establishment of a salt water plant
for sewer Hushing and street sprinkling.
The party nominations will be made
Friday night.
. ♦ •
PANHANDLE ESTIMATES.
Appraisements of Property to Be Con
demned Made Public.
The report of the Panhandle Commis
sion was opened yesterday by Clerk Rus
sell at the offices of the Board of Super
visors and was inspected by hundreds of
property holders in the proposed condem
nation district. The report shows that
the blocks bounded by the following
streets were appraised as follows:
No. 72— Fell, Van Ness, Franklin and Oak,
$450, 650.
No 141— Fell, 'Franklin. Oak and Gough.
$229,G2fi.
No. '147— Fell, Oak, Gough and Octavla,
$217,325.
No. '210 — Fell, Oak, Octavla and Lagruna,
$137,201 50.
No. 220— Fell, Oak, Laguna, Buchanan. $155,
-039 25.
No. 2S7— Fell, Oak, Buchanan and Webster,
$141,325.
No. MS— Fell, Oak, Webster and FUlmore,
$142,R62 50.
No. 369— Fa11, Oak. Fillmore and Stelner,
$140,170.
No. 378— Fell, Oak, Ptelner end Pierce,
$128.1»57 50.
No. 437— Fe11, Oak, Pierce and Scott,
$11'J,752 50.
No. 445— Fe11, Oak, Scott and Dervisadero,
$131,950.
No. 51C — Fell, Oak, Devisadero and Brod
erk-k, J125.112 f>o.
No. 526-r-Fell, Oak, Broderick and Baker,
$149,760.
No. 393 — Fourteenth and Thirteenth avenues,
Fulton and C struts, J41.42T..
No. 368 — Fourteenth and Thirteenth avenues,
B and C stret-ts. $21, 6^0.
No. 2%— Fourteenth and Thirteenth avenues,
B and A streets. $24,62.".
No. 271— Fourteenth r.nd Thirteenth ave-nues,
Point Lobos and A streets, $31,250.
No. ]&4— Fourteenth, Thirteenth and Point
Lohos avenues and Clement street, $42,850.
No. 169— Fourteenth end Thirteenth avenues,
California and Clement ptreets, $,!9.565.
No. 84— Fourteenth and Thirteenth avenues,
California and Lake streets. $37,259.
No. I—Fourteenth1 — Fourteenth and Thirteenth avenues.
Lake and Mountain Lake, $PSOO.
Grand total real estate and Improvement*.
«j.2«a.2f10 GO. J
NEWS FROM THE WHALERS.
The Beluga Brings Down a Portion of
a Season's Big Catch.
The Beluga, under the command of Cap
tain Bodfish. arrived in this port late last
evening. She brought down fifty-nine
whales and has been fourteen days out
from Unalaska. On a previous occasion
four whales captured by the Beluga were
sent to San Francisco on other vessels,
making the total catch of the season of
the American whaling ship 63. On board
the whaler was also the following cargo:
One hundred and six thousand pounds of
bone, 100 fox skins, 12 bear skins, 13 musk
ox skins and 59 marten skins.
The whaling catch of the vessels of the
whaling fleet is reported by the incoming
vessels as follows: Balaena, 7; Newhall,
since last reported, 1; Grampus, 2;
Thrasher, 3; Jeanette, since last reported,
8; Karluk, 1; Bowhead, since last re
ported, 1: Alexander, 1; William Baylies,
1; Fearless, Belvedere and Mermaid, clean.
The Belusa reports that the Belvedere
has lost her propeller in the Ice. * The
Balaena, Newhall and Grampus were left
In the neighborhood of Cape Bathurst.
The other vessels of the fleet are at Cape
Smyth or have gone westward for the re
mainder of the season.
The Government transport Port Albert
left Dutch Harbor for Manila with a car
go of horses on September 19.
The Collector of the Port sighted the
bark Alice Knowles, with four whales,
and the Gay Head, with two whales, about
the middle of August.
The British steamer Victoria, which will
be pressed into transport service for the
United States, arrived from Honolulu
about 10 o'clock last night and anchored
In the stream.
■ ♦ ■
Diseased Cow Killed.
Chief Market Inspector Witzeman. as
sisted by Police Officer Butterworth, yes
terday afternoon visited the public pound
and condemned a cow that was in the
last stages of tuberculosis. The diseased
animal was at once removed to the bone
yard, where It was killed. Last Saturday
the cow was found in the vicinity of the
Odd Fellows' Cemetery and removed to
the pound. As the owner seemed ignorant
of the diseased condition of the cow the
health authorities concluded not to proa
ecute him.
The new watermelon color at "Keith's""
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONE WEEK Eg S 7
FREE 3^ §
Treatment and Medicine §f^,§
FOR «%^^
Catarrh, Deafness, lisP
NOI.SES IN THE EARS 5 « jig
AND THROAT DISEASES <SVy!SI
given to show the superior ;c§sS> / *Tf»
merit of my new invention §§s§r i&^ •*
and ANTISEPTIC treat- ijp' "SK
ment: that gives many mar- §j( ftPaH
venous ourea and so. easy a Pr^. Q^^gi ■
child cim übo it. In 1200 Kj •'
test cases all CATARRHAL |a i^^^S^L
patients relieved and 80 per K%«u2££§l^trs>.
cent Teainess cured. Best of tft^sgS^i?r^S>
references and hundreds of IT| v
endorsements. But the best is to try It and h*.
convinced whila you can. FREE FOR ONE
Call at once or write
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-11 A. M. 1-3 and 7-8 P. M.
China Clocks.
Great Left Over Sale
Prices Away Down.
You'll Say So,
When You See Prices.
Great American ImDortino; Tea Go.
STORES EVERYWHERE.
zoo Stores.