VOLUME lAXXVI-XO. 167.
CRUISER CHARLESTON WRECKED
ON A REEF OFF THE LUZON COAST
First Warship Built on
the Pacific Coast Lost
While Doing Patrol
Duty About the Troub
lesome Philippine Isl
ands.
Disaster Occurred Last Tuesday,
and All Aboard the 111-Fated
Vessel Are Reported to Have
Been Saved--Deseription of
the Cruiser, Which Was Con
structed at the Union Iron
Works.
MANILA, Nov. 14. 12:30 P. M.— The United
States cruiser Charleston, wh;ich h)as been pa
trolling the northern coast of Luzon, was
wrecked on a reef off the northwest coast Tues
day, November 7. fill on board were saved. A
typhoon raged at about the time the Charleston
was lost, and it is thought she was driven
ashore.
HOW THE CHARLESTON
WENT ON THE ROCKS
MANILA. November 14, —
During the lull in .the storm the
crew of the doomed were
lowered into small boats and
lowed by launches to Lingayen
. where they were picked up
. :t tO
this city, where Captain George
VV. Pigman reported the disaster
at once to Admiral Watson.
aptain Ptgman refuses' to dis-
AGUINALDO SURROUNDED BY THE AMERICAN TROOPS
-» If A XII. A. Nov. 33.— General Young |
l\ II is supposed to have reached San
MAX! about thirty ral Young !
■'. to have r
thirty mil
111 of Dagupan, but his wagons are I
-*- " - 1 - far behind.
• Colonel Hayes has captured
Aguinaldo's secretary, and Major Cole
man is in Carranglan, and Major Cole
-175 bolomen on his way to the province of
Nueva Visaya.
The son of General Llaneras and his
family are prisoners. The general barely
escaped. ■
The correspondent of the Associated
Press with General Young telegraphs
from San Jose that Aguinaldti did not es
cape to the northeast. He and his.army,
the correspondent adds, are surrounded.
His last orders to the Filipino commander
at San Jose were to hold San Jose and
Carranglan at all costs.
The recent encounters were tc>o one-'
Bided to be called lights. The insurgents
are mortally afraid of the • Americans,
however strong their position. They
make but a brief and feeble resistance,
and run when the terrible American yell
reaches their ears, whereupon- the Ameri
cans pursue them and -slay many.
The moral effect of the news that 60.000
troops are on their way here has been un
questionably great.
The insurgents "are suffering more from
disease than the Americans, owing to
poor food, lack of medicines and filthy
hospitals, with the. result that there is
great mortality among them. General
I.awton ha* Intercepted a telegram from
an insurgent captain to a Filipino gen
eral reading: "How can you blame me
fr>r retreating when only twelve of my
company were able to fight.'"
OTIS REPORTS THE
FILIPINOS DEMORALIZED
WASH! . ■'■■• iN; Nov. 13.— The following
dispatch from General Otis was received
at the War Department to-day; ,
MANILA, Nov. 13.— MacArthur's advance
with the Thirty-sixth volunteers and cavalry
troop? undef Bell entered Tatlac at 7:10 p. m.
yesterday. The *n-;my Hed, ; but by labor Mar-
Arthur succeeded In petting forward to Oapas
yesterday all artillery and quartermaster's
transportation and win have command In Tar
il.tc to-day, his advance pushing Forward to
t-.ivc as much of thf railroad as possible, which'
th* enemy Is trylns to destroy on its- retreat.
Many, '-«■:■•■ i - frf>m the enemy, who passed
Jn to Mac Arthur some thirty rifles yesterday.
The Insurpejits in that section " are reported
tr, be short of provisions. Law ton pushing
forward with great e'ner'xy. His advance was
obliged to leave behind all transportation and
depend to a great extent' upon the country for
subsistence. Hayes of the Fourth Cavalry, in
the vicinity of CarrariKl.-iri, hu« captured a
larpft amount of Insurgent i-opertj- and nearly
hnlf a battalion •■• 400 'holnmen transporting
A(?uina!c!o's property north. over the mountains,
together with .his private secretary and seven
.
Younp,- with the Third Artillery and Ba-tson's
:>!acahebe scouts, followed by a battalion of
the Twenty-second Infantry, leaving behind
all transportation, pushed out' on San Joso
I-upam, Fan Quentln and . Mayusr road and
pcattervd the enemy stationed at these points,
most of whom were -driven south west ward.
iVenselF, with a squadron of the Third Cav
airy, hastened forward to tlayufc; .where the
lnHurpents' supply depot was faptured, secur
ing several hundred thousand pounds of rice.
£500 poundx of flour. 7.100 pounds of salt and
-■lUer provisions, 1300 uniform coats (new),
The San Francisco Call.
cuss the. matter further than to
say that he believes the Charles
ton cannot be saved, as she is lit
erally impaled on a point of rock
and partially filled with water.
The moment she is released she
will sink in seventy fathoms- -too
deep for divers to work.
TRIED FOR TWO DAYS
TO GET OFF THE REEF
MANILA. Nov. 14. 15:2.' p m.— The
- cruiser Charleston ran
a • .-.- Vigan on a hidden reef with
thirty-flvi • ■ '
Htv- worked her machinery for two
and nights in trying to r.h afloat, but. a
many blankets and other articles of clothing.
. number of insurgent prisoners an*:
nine Spanish and several American prisoners
A detachment was sen- Mcholas and
It 1b believed that Young establish^!
munlcation with Wheaton's troop? last evening.
The Indications are that the Insurgents will
r. t escape to the mountain capital at Bay m
bong without great difficulty and loss. If at all.
' >wr troops at Tarlac. Arlap. Taliverap. San
Jose Bapo, Huminsan, San Quentin, Layug.
San Nicholas, and on through to Lin)
Gulf, with a strong station at Arayat. San
Isldrn and ("abanatuan should cause % the in
sursents snme annoyance.
Our troops have suffered great hardships and
have performed most severe service, but are
reported In excellent condition and spirits TTie
rise and Indomitable will displayed by
the officers has never been excell«Kl. OTIS.
The spelling of names of towns In the
is given in the- cable dispatch. As
Irnerians have now reai bed a point
the maps of which are necessarily lmper
• the War Department adheres to the
text of the cable.
Later In the day the department re
PURSUIT OF AGUINALDO.
This mnp of Luzon between the Pampanpo River and Llngayen Bay shows
the position of the several columns of American troops who are said to have
surrounded Aguinaldo.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1899.
Cruiser Charleston Passing Fort Point on the Way to the Philippines.
• typhoon arising, the cr?w ■were compelled
ike to their boats and seek refuge on
I a small Island five miles away. The na
| tives are friendly. Lieutenant McDonaJd
and a number of sailors put off in a small
i boat and reached theoaJlao. which brought
them to Manila. The gunboat Helena has
been dispatched to bring away tne crew.
The lieutenant describes the Charleston
when hf last saw her as hard and fast
aground with the hottom badly stove in
and well out of water.
THE cruiser Charleston was
built by the Union, Iron
Works of this city at a cost
i of $1,017, and was this plant's
maiden effort in the line of
■ warship-building. The contract
; for her construction was made on
December 16, 1886, under the act
of March 3. 1886, authorizing
the construction of several vessels
of her class. Her keel was laid in
! 1887, and she was launched in
1888.
1 In spite of predictionstothecon
celved a sf-ennd dispatch from General
< »'.is. an follows:
MANILA. Nov. 13. —No news of Lao-ton's ad
vance received yesterday. Mac Arthur's troops
took Ban bon and Capas, four miles north of
Bambon, both on the railroad, and Conception.
to the east of the railroad, yesterday, the In
surgents, reported 1500 strong, retiring rapidly
northward, making only slight resistance. Our
casualties were: Second Lieutenant Davis of
the Thirty-sixth Volunteers, killed, and three
enlisted men reported killed. Made strong re
connoissance from Capaa In the direction of
Tarlae to-day. The condition of the roads and
streams render a general advance with wagon
transportation impracticable. The enemy ap
pear to be In a demoralized condition and
show much disorganization, as Indicated by
the captured telegraphic dispatches and de
serters from their ranks.
\ ,
AGUINALDO WITHIN
THE CORDON OF TROOPS
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.-Instead of
being at Bayambong, as supposed from
! trary she wascompleted according
j to the contract and specifications
by May 5, 1889. Certain changes
j and alterations authorized by the
I p >vernment were made, and the
I cruiser was accepted by the Gov-
I eminent in November of that
year.
The successful launching and
satisfactory completion of this
j huge war vessel, the first of our
new navy and the first one of any
of our warships to be built on this
coast, was the occasion of great
! rejoicing and congratulations
i among the people of San Fran-
I cisco. and a large public demoh
| stration was held in honor
thereof.
From that time to the present
the vessel and her movements
General Otis' previous dispatches, Aguin
aldo Is believed to be within the cordon
of American troops established by the
energy of Generals Lawton, ..lacArthur
and Wheaton. It appears In the lipht df
later information that Agulnaldo was
headed for Kayambong. where he pro
posed to establish his headquarters, but
it Is apparent that he delayed his go
ing too long. In any event the capture
of his private secretary and property
shows that Aguinaldo is not far away,
and If by any chance he has succeeded
in P'-'tthitf past th^ American lines or is
able to slip through, immediate measures
will be taken to cut him off.
General Otis has notified Secretary Root
that the transports now in the harbor
'■f Manila will with the troops on board
proceed at once to San Fabian, where
they will join other transports with such
troops .inf'ifr command r »f General
Wheaton us can l>p spared and tho '-om
bined force, commanded by Gen«ra.l
Wheaton, will proceed to Aparri, which
will be occupied, and a rapid Journey will
be made from the north coast of I^uzon
down Cagrayan and Magat rivers to nay
ambong or to such other point at which
Aguinaldo may be located.
The energetic advance made by the col
umns operating under the command of
General Otla is extremely gratifying to
Secretary Root and other department of
ficials, especially in view of the existing
climatic conditions. General Lawton's
advance is particularly regarded as a mil
itary success, and whether or not Aguin
aldo is within the cordon which has been
established by his activity it is evident
that many of the Insurgent troops have
not succeeded in escaping and these will
be captur?d or destroyed.
General Otis in his dispatches states
that the insurgents will not escape to the
mountain capital, Bayambong. without
great difficulty and loss, if at all. and
undoubtedly the officials say, he includes
Aguinaldo among the insurgent force.
As General I,awton and General Wheaton
have advanced they .have left strong de
tachments at Strategic points, and an of
ficial with whom I talked said that these
detachmonts were so stationed that Gen
eral Mac Arthur at Tarlac might be con
sidered the center of a semi-circle whese
circumference begins at Arayat, where
General Lawtnn established his base of
supplies. Thirteen miles away, at San
Tsi(iro, another force is establisned.
Twelve miles northward, at Cabanatuan,
still another force. Talavera, eleven
miles from Cabanatuan, is also garri
soned, and Aligua to the westward, form-
Ing the apex of an equilateral triangle, is
likewise garrisoned.
From Tallvera General Lawton ad
vanced to San Jose, fourteen miles away,
leaving a strong force there, thtn follow
ing the road, continued to Lupac, nine
miles from San Jose, where he estab
lished another detachment five miles from
Lupac. At Humingham the American
soldiers are- on guard and at San Quen
tin, four miles from that point, are addi
tional troops. Still farther northward, at
Tayug and San Nicholas, are General
Lawton's troops, and General Otis be
lieves they have established communica-
tion with General Wheaton. The latter
has his nase of supplies at San Fabian
and is believed to have moved to the
southward to Mangaldan and thence to
San Jacinto, Blnaloa and San Miguel,. the
latter being only seven miles from San
have always been of the greatest
interest to the people of our
city, who felt a sort of pro
prietorship in her, and her loss
will be especially lamented here,
and all over the coast as weil.
Her dimensions were: Length,
318 feet; breadth of beam, 46;
mean draught, 18.6; displace
ment, 3730 tons; indicated horse
power, 66(06.6; speed. 18.2 knots
average for four hours. She was
built of steel, with two propellers,
one funnel and two masts with
military tops. Her main battery
consisted of two 8-inch breech
loading rifle guns and six 6-inch
breech-loading rifles. Her sec
ondary battery contained four
6-pounder rapid fire guns, two
3-pounder rapid fire, two
Nicholas, General Lawton's farthest ad
vance post.
Colonel Hays of the Fourth Cavalry is
at C'arrangian, to the eastward of Law
ton's line, and will cut off such insur
gents as may succeed in getting through
the lines. These stations will be main
tained while General Mac Arthur is mov
ing to the northward along the railroad,
with arms outstretched, sweeping the in
surgents before him and toward a line of
the American troops which General Law
ton and General Wheaton have estab
lished. Of course, it will be impossible
to break the cordon until tne territory
now covered by the American troops is
entirely clear of the Insurgents. The de
moralized condition of Aguinaldo's troops
shows dearly, the authorities say. that
they are unfit for further operations, and
ft Is expected that the nexi few days will
bring excellent news from the Philip
pines.
BRITISH NAVAL OFFICER
PRAISES OUR SOLDIERS
LONDON, Nov. 13— A British naval offi
cer, who has just returned from a tour in
the Philippines, has been interviewed re
garding the situation there, of which he
takes a somewhat pessimistic view. Ac
cording to the published interview, he
thinks that more river gunboats are
needed and that Gener.al Otis is trying to
run the campaign too economically. Pay
ing a high tribute to the "surprising intel
ligence and confidence of the American
soldier," the officer says:
"Patience and bravery of the American
soldier has been shown in a high degree,
but he is not particularly mobile. He
would be more efficacious if, instead of
being collected in comparatively enor
mous numbers, he were used in smaller
forces, moving more rapidly and living on
the country instead of requiring vast
quantities of potted luxuries. Moreover,
he looks tired, and as if he wanted some
thing to do. Now, if he were a British sol
dier, he would be diverted by all sorts of
sports."
SLATED FOR OFFICE
UNDER MAYOR CLARK
Sacramentans Likely to Receive Ap-
pointments From the New
Executive.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 13.— Considerable
speculation is being indulged in as to the
appointments to be made by Mayor-elect
Clarke. Notwithstanding the various in
fluences that are being brought to boar
in the Interests of certain candidates, the
chief executive of the city intends to urn
his own judgment in the selection of suit
able men.
The greatest interest is being centered
in the fight for Chief of Police. There are
several candidates in the field, but it is
understood that John E. Sullivan, the
popular deputy Assessor, will get the
plum. Sullivan has a host of friends who
are working indefatigably to secure the
appointment for him. It is understood
that Hiram W. Johnson will be Corpora
tion Counsel and William Mullenney will
be City Surveyor, to succeed himself. Ar
thur E. Miller will be clerk to the Mayor.
W. T. Phipps, the well-known lawyer,
i-pounder rapid fire Colt's gtms,
four 37-millimeter Hotchkiss
rapid fire guns, two Gatling guns
and four torpedo tubes.
She carried a complement of
306 men.
The Charleston was sent to the
Asiatic station in August, 1894,
where she remained until the
winter of 1897-98.
At the time of the breaking out
of the Spanish-American war she
was at Mare Island undergoing
some repairs. These were hur
ried to completion and she left
I this port as escort to the first
military expedition to the Philip
pines on May 25, under the com
mand of Captain Glass.
On her way out, under in
structions from Washington, she
will be appointed clerk 'of the Police
Court.
The Mayor has not yet made up his
mind whom he will select as Superin
tendent of the City Cemeteries.
POURED ACID DOWN HER
MOTHER-IN-LAW'S BACK
Illinois Woman Placed Under Arrest
on a Warrant Charging Her
With Murder.
AURORA, 111., Nov. 13.— Mrs. Ada Ash
ley Hill was arrested here to-night
charged with the murder of her mother
in-law, Mrs. Eliza Hill, by pouring acid
down her back. Mrs. Hill died on No
vember 5 as the result, physicians swear,
of acid burn:. Those who say the aged
woman was murdered give as a motive a
trouble of long standing among the mem
bers of the Hill family over property esti
mated at $40,000.
READY TO PHOTOGRAPH
THE METEORIC SHOWER
PRINCETON, N. J., Nov. k— Professor
Charles A. Young to-day completed ar
rangements for photographing the me
teoric shower due here on Thursday
morning between 1 and 3 o'clock. Pro
fessor Young has adjusted a larger tele
scope In the Halstead Observatory
through which Assistant Professor Reed
will photograph the meteors by means of
a camera strapped to the lens of the
telescope. Commenting on the meteoric
shower Professor Young suid:
"It may be that part of the shower has
already fallen and that we missed it.
Calculation as to the exact time of their
appearance is difficult on account of the
movement of certain planets. We hope,
however, to obtain .some good photo
graphs of meteors which fail on Thursday
morning-." .
ASSASSIN TWICE FIRES
INTO A CROWDED TENT
CARUTHERSVILIiB, Mo.. Nov. 13-
News reaches here of a distressing trag
edy at a levee camp below here. Charles
Peannan, who had for some reason become
angry -with a family named Poe, went to
Poe's tent with a double-barreled shotgun
and fired both barrels into the tent, strik
ing and dangerously wounding seven out
of the family of .nine. One small child
was killed instantly, one has since died
and the mother is not expected to live.
Pearman escap.ed across the Mississippi
River, and took refuge in the Tennessee
forests. A posse followed and captured
him. and he Is now in jail here. Pearman
is about 21 years of age.
SURVEY FOR A CANAL ROUTE.
KINGSTON.. Jamaica, Nov. 13.— The
United States gunboat Scorpion arrived
here yesterday conveying the United
States commission dispatched for the pur
pose of surveying the suggested new Co
lombia canal route between Caledonia
B;iy and the Gulf of San Miguel for a sea
level waterway, necessitating only twen
ty-six miles .of actual canal. This is the
originally selected route which was re-
I jected in favor of the De Lesseps Colon
i Panama route on the ground tha.t tha lot.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
called at the island of Guam, and
after firing a few shots at Fort
Santa Cruz, in the harbor of
San Luis de Apra. affected the
capture of the place. She ar
rived at Manila with her convoy
in due time, and has since re
mained on the Philippine station
doing patrol and escort duty.
The full list of officers of the f'harles
ton includes Captain George W. Pigman,
commanding; Lieutenant Commander
John A. Xorris, Lieutenant Thomas B.
Howard, Lieutenant William. N. Little,
Lieutenant "' William Braunersreuther,
Lieutenant Louis S. Yandupen. Lieutenant
(junior grade) Lay H. Everhart. Lieuten
ant (junior grade) Dev.-itt Klamer, Li-u
--tenant (junior grade) Waldo Evans, En
signs Ivan C. Wettengei, Albert W. Mar
shall and Jamos B. Henry. Navnl Carets
Edward T. Constien, Charles H. Fischer,
Charles E. Morgan, James E. Matthews!
Frank O'Branch and Charles B. Hatch.
Surgeon Charles T. Hibbetr. Assistant
Surgeon Edward V. Armstrong, Past. As
sistant Paymaster Ziba W. Reynolds.
Captain of Marines Melville J. Shaw
Boatswain D.ominick Glynn, Gunner R*
Ward and Acting Carpenter John H. Gill.
ter already possessed railroad transporta
tion and other facilities, while the former
reversed the alleged- most deadly malar
ial district on the face of the earth in
cluding the extensive swamp areas 'ren
dered untenable by men on account of
mosquitoes and venomous tropical pests
CONVICTED MURDERER
INHERITS A FORTUNE
•
LONDON, Nov. 13.-George Cooper, who
in ISS2, was sentenced to ten years' im
prisonment after a sensationa' trial for
having killed his wife at Douglas, Jsle
of Man, has just been released. He finds
himself the Inheritor of a fortune esti
mated at nearly £1,000,000. Both his father
and father-in-law, who were always con
vinced of his innocence and that the
death of his wife was accidental, dieil
during his imprisonment, leaving him
large properties.
FOR THE NEW NAVY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— Tiie con
struction board of the Navy' Depart
ment at its meeting- to-day took up rhe
subject of r.ew construction in the 1 navy
for the coming year. This was at the
request of the Secretary and will torm
the basis' of his recommendations to Con
gress for new vessels during the coming
session. This matter is confidential, but
it may be said that the Secretary is ex
pected to renew his recommendation for
three new cruisers of the improved
Olympia type, such as Congress failed
to appropriate for last year.
IRRIGATION DISTRICT VOID.
RIVERSIDE, Nov. 13.-Judge Noyes to
day handed down a decision in the case
of A. J. Condee vs. the Alessandro Irriga
tion District in favor of the planitiff. The
plaintiff brought suit to have the district
declared void and the bonds issued by It
declared invalid on the ground of irregu
larity in the proceedings incident to me
formation of the district, and by a de
cision of the court the district is knocked
out. This decision finishes up all the dis
tricts in the county formed under the
Wright law.
NEARLY HAD A ROW.
Threatened Trouble in a Baptist
Convention Averted.
HOFSTON, Texas, Nov. 13.— A special
from Dallas says: There was much ex
citement in the State Baptist convention
to-day, caused by the introduction of a
resolution demanding the unseating of
Congressman-elect Brigham H. Roberts
of Utah, because of his practice of
polygamy. Before it could be read Hon.
Dudley G. Wooten made the point of or
der that Baptists could not .discuss poli
tics in the convention. President Buckner
sustained the point of order and the
threatened row was averted.
WILL IS TOO LATE.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Nov. 13.— A
Butte (Moot.) special to the Journal
says: Anirew J. Davis Jr.. nephew of
the dead millionaire, says the n<-w Chi
cago will brought forward by Mary G.
Wilson is ' too late, as the esta.e, after
being in litigation ten years, is nearly
all distributed, only the Boston end re
tnijinimr unadjusted.2
CARDINAL GOTTI, WHO
MAY SUCCEED POPE LEO
ACCORDING to a cr.pyriurhte.l cable to The Call from Rnnip the Cardinal who
si "papablle" <eji K n!o. .; the present time is cardinal Gbtti. His as
. to Americanists, because, like Vani
■ ; ' ; " ! be a political and diplomatic Pope like 1.c.. XIII, hut- rather
iver mows that 'Americanists, and
gnor O'Connell, make much of Cardinal Vannute'lll. :n the hope
the tiara someday Cardinal Vannuteili is Monslgnor [re
late. It is 0.-r;a ; n. however, that his chance haa trreatly dlmli
nists will probably be out of pocket by the propaganda in his
favor.
FAILS FOR OVER
ONE MILLION
William A. Midgley Is
Insolvent.
Pl.*-clal Dispatch to The Call.
NEW Vnßlv. Nov. 13.— William A.
■ : >n In Insolvency to
day , i - ties at »i. t:o. •;:«•. of
nominally
■ available assets. Mr. Mi'i^ie-. v. ^
president of the American Casualty In
surance ;•.. - ■ Company, which
000 capital
with Henry K. Beecher, Vincent "K.
.ii .'. Taylor, were In
■i with the failure
iry 23, 1895. Midgley had I
• Tom be 1 >ecen
ed his trouble to the enmity of
I i'in.
Mrs. M; . sautiful woman and
prominent In Brooklyn society, labored
■ •
that she contracted pneumonia by- ex
'er a jury
Ins dp'lured Midgley
■ the Lone
Island Railroad Company I •. dam
rrest. Th< - tried
15. February last and he got a verd
- are flue to his con
on with the American Ste.-im Boiler
my Beecher, Bchenk &• Co. and the
ipany. all of which went down
In i]
JOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO0 0
I NEW STORE, 1146 MARKET ST. I
o ■ ©
o JUST RECEIVED AND ■ o
o PLACED ON SALE. . g!
I 200 PIFCFS i
• BLACK AND COLORED i
• DRESS GOODS. I
o o
O NEW PLAIDS, 56 inches wide, in all the latest designs °
o and colorings, at $1.50, $2.00 and $2.25 yard q
o NAVY BLUE SERGES at .'......... °
O 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 and $2.00 yard o
o BLACK CREPONS at .. °
o s °c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 and $3.0.0 yard o
2 SPECIAL in our I
I CLOAK AND SUIT DEPARTMENT, J
j> LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in Navy and Black, at $7.50 %\
O LADIES 1 TAILOR-MADE SUITS, in Black Venetian, °
g value for $17.50, will be offered at. . . , $12.50 o
o . . . ol
o Sfc&SZr* Our entire stock of Ladies' and o
o ijf^Sf^ Misses' Golf Capes marked down. o
{ J. O'BRIEN & CO., I
2 1146 Market Street, 2
O PET. TAYLOR AND MASON. 2
O oo.oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo°
TRAGEDIES IN
ORPHAN ASYLUM
Rev. Foith, Accused,
Ends His Life.
Special Dispatrh to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Nov. 13.— About seven
years ago the Rev, Adolph Foith came to '
Cincinnati from Siel-.fiihf.rgeu. Moravia,
Austria. He nrst took charge of a Luth
eran church hpfe as pastor. H*> was soon ;
made superintendent of the Altenhelm or
home for aged Germans. Here hi showed
tive ability that brought about xh
transfer, of himself and wife to the su
tendency of the German Orphans'
Home. Therein they bore the titles
"Father and Mother of the orphans." A
i>w Weeks aso Mrs. Folth, The •■mother!
• ■ orphans," died suddenly under
■ rious circumstances. The Rev Folth
she was In the habit of taking mor
phine and had taken an overdose. This
hushed up further Inquiry.
The trustees of the asylum, after thor-
Investigation. found that Father
Foith had been guilty of criminal Impro
prieties with some of the older skirls of
the orphans' home. They put a warrant
for hi:= arrest in the hands of the police
After his arrest, while in the |
wagon on the way t<i prison. Father Foith
fell in a violent convulsion, till his life
ut with the last one. One theory Is
that he took some quick poison; an
Is that excitement and nervousness caus -d
[ his death.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1899.
NEAR A CLASH
IN KENTUCKY
Bradley May . Proclaim
Martial Law.
♦
GOEBEL'S MINIONS ACTIVE
, ♦
ATTEMPTING TO THROW OUT
REPUBLICAN VOTES.
♦
Should the Democratic Candidate Be
"Counted in" the Present Gov
ernor Will Not Yield the
Office.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
• 4444+4444444++ ♦ ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦«
♦ 4
4 FRANKFORT, Ky., Nov. 13.— 4
4 Senator Goebel and the Democratic +
♦ leaders are still waiting on the final +'
4 action of the county- boards of elec- 4
♦ tions In Jefferson, Christian, Knox, 4
4 Johnson and other counties. It is 4
4 claimed that enough fraudulent 4
4- votes will be thrown out in these 4
♦ counties to give Goebel a majority 4
4 on the face of the returns. The city 4
4 is excited to-night over a rumor 4
♦ that the Governor intends to de- 4
4 clare martial law in the event that 4
4 Knox and Johnson counties are 4
4 thrown out and that he will refuse 4
4 to recognize Goebel as Governor 4
4 under such conditions. This rumor 4
4 . of martial law is not generally 4
4 credited, though there is almost 4
4 certain to be a serious clash be- 4
4 tween Governor Bradley and the 4
4 claimant. . +
Louisville, k>-., Nov. n.-The tangle
growing out of last week's election grows
worse with each day. This was the third
da) of the official count, but the work of
the county boards of canvassers disclosed
little information to clear the situation.
Chairman Long of the Republican cam
paign committee to-day repeated his claim
of a pluraility of 3111 for Taylor, based on
official returns from 110 counties and un
official returns from the remaining nine.
The Democratic papers and leaders here
have ceased to give figures, but specials
from Frankfort quote Candidate Goebel
i.nd other party leaders as saying they
are confident oi the success of the Kenton
County man.
The completion of the returns to be pre
sented to the State Board of Election
Commissioners when it meets at Frank
fort next month still depends upon the
rmination of the contests which are
being raised in several parts of the State,
notably the strongly Republican counties
of the Eleventh District, where the Demo
crats claim tissue- ballots were used.
These contests have aroused much feeling
in the localities involved, one of them In
volves the vote of Knox County, which
gave Taylor 1398 plurality. To-day Bar
boursville, the county seat, was visited by
hundr. .:.- ■ Interested in the re
sult, their avowed purpose being to see
that justice is done.
Counsel for Candidate Taylor began ac
tion In the Knox County District Court to
compel the county election officers to cer
tify the vote to the State Board of Elec
tion Commissioners. • The contention is
over 42 ballots from the First Precinct,
but the petition filed by Taylor's counsel
asserts that the election officers purpose
to throw out the county. ' Judge Brown
granted a temporary injunction against
such action. Johnson and Lewis counties
are affected by the Democratic charges of
Irregularities and lesral complications are
likely to arise.
At llopkin^ville a contest of a precinct
which gave Taylor a plurality of 5*5 is de
laying the oflicial return of tho vote of
Christian County, which gave Taylor a
plurality of 760.
Slow progress was made in the count
of Louisville and Jefferson counties to
day, the Commissioners being at work on
the Third Ward when they adjourned
until to-morrow. Both sides are lighting
every inch of the ground.
A number of precincts are in contro
versy on the ground of alleged irregulari
ties. In one case— the Seventh Precinct
of the First Ward— th< anti-Qoebel people
to-day secured an offer from Judge Toney
to compel the precinct officers to sign the
tally sheets. The • Juebrl people, however,
claim the ballot-box had been opened be
fore it reached tli^ county election offl-
The vote, bo far as canvassed, shows
little change from the unofficial ligures.
The. Federal Grand Jury, which was
adjourned over the election, reconvened
this morning, and was charged by Judge
Evans regarding election violations, par
ticularly with reference to' the intimida
tion of colored voters. He recited the
charges which had reached the ears of
the court, described in detail the offenses
upon which indictments should be found
and continued:
"Conspiracies may be hard to prove, but
It Is by no means impossible to prove
them, both by direct and circumstantial
evidence; and if you should tind the evi
dence and indict those who engage in
those conspiracies you would get ;tt a
class of men most liki-ly of higher or at
least mure pretentious grade than their
in. .ls. This class Is far more' dangerous
to tire community, and their punishment
much inure desirable in every way than
the others. However, both classes should
be Indicted. The highest duty is imposed
upon you to vindicate the law, and you
will the more efficiently and commend
ably discharge that duty if you shall
probe matters to the bottom and without
fear or favor indict every- man, however
prominent or however obscure, who his
engaged in any conspiracy to perpetrs :
the wrongs denounced by the statute.
"The court also suggests to you that
it is by no means impossible for officials
of high or low degree to engage in such
schemes, and where that is the case the
demand for punishment is all the more
imperative, because an example should be
set in the. case of those who are charged
with the enforcement of the law who
make themselves the Instrument of Its
violation."
PORTSMOUTH, Ohio. Nov. 13 -Thia i
was an exciting; day at Vanceburv Ky !
county seat of Lewis County, twenty
miles bel >vi h^re. An effon was mad.- to
thn.w ..ut the < ntire vote of the county
Which gave Taylor a plurality of On ,',,[
a technicality, It being claimed that the
paper on which the ballots were prlu ed
was too thin. On this ground the election
board last week threw out the vota of
Mowers and Uurtonvllle precincts, which
gave Taylor 209 plurality, and adjourned
till to-day. Word was passed through
We county and to-day about 3XI citizens
nocked .nto Vanceburg and gathered
around the Courthouse when the ele lion
board met at 10 a. m.
News reached the crowd that the com
mission. -is wf-re about to throw out the
vote of another precinct, and there was
an ansry d<- rr.onstratton. Trouble seemed
Immljiem, when it was announced that
the election board had reconsidered it 3
action by which the vote of certain pre
cincts had been thrown out and that the
entire vote of the county would be
counted as cast. An Impromptu recep
tion was at once, arranged by the crowd
SALTER SURRENDERS.
Implicated in the Alleged Philadel
phia Election Frauds.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 13.-Deputy
Coroner Samuel P. Salter. who Is involved
in the alleged election frauds in the thir
teenth division of the Seventh Ward, and
for whom a warrant has been issued,
surrendered himself to-day. He entered
»l""n ball to appear for a hearing next
• Thursday.
The warrant charges Salter with having
conspired with others to procure and cast
fraudulent ballots and make false re
turns at the recent election. Salter's ar
rest is the result of the hearing last week
EASTERN CITIES SIDE
WITH PACIFIC COAST
Philadelphia Opposes the Claims
of St. Louis Before the Com=
merce Commission.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 13.— The Interstate j
Commerce Commission met this morning
to hear the complaint of the Business
Men's League of St. Louis. All the mem- j
bers of the commission were present ex
cept Governor Fifer, who will sit with i
them to-morrow. Ex-Commissioner Cal- '
houn appeared as one of the counsel for i
the Business Men's League of St. Louis.
The Pacific Coast Jobbers' and Manu
facturers' Association asked leave to file
an intervention, which was granted. This :
pleading presents the case of the Pacific
Coast association, which is composed of j
the leading merchants and manufacturers i
from Seattle to San Diego.
It sets up the fact of water competition
between all Pacific Coast points and j
the Atlantic seaboard, which controls the
through rates by rail; that this is one of
the natural advantages of Pacific Coast
cities; that the St. Louis merchant is
seeking, by this proceeding to have the i
railroad rates readjusted so as to offset j
the disadvantages of his location and ex
tend his trade farther west at the ex
pense of the Pacific Coast dealer; that it
is the right of the cities of the Pacific !
Coast to enjoy and retain their natural
advantages; that the Middle West has
already extended its trade farther west
than it is naturally entitled to do by
reason of a contest between competing i
carriers which enabled them to Blip into j
territory not before occupied on account !
of unusual and extraordinary conditions j
of rates; that this disputed territory is i
now occupied by dealers from both sides '
and competition is keen, with the usual |
result of unreasonably low profits; that j
the St. Louis merchant has gone to the
commerce commission for assistance in
tin's struggle for trading grounds.
When the paper was presented Chair
man Knapp asked the attorney for the
association whether the association's in
terests were the same as those of the
railroads, and he replied that they were
not. This, he said, was essentially a
fight between the merchants of the
Middle West and those of the Pacific
and the evidence to be produced
for the association was very different
from that of the railroads. Their inter
of five alleged "repeaters," who are said
to have been brought t" this city from
Washington by Lieutenant Kodgers of
the capital police and who are under hail
for trial. At this hearing George Kirk
land, one of the defendants, who acted as
minority inspector on election day,' tes
tified that under Baiter's direction he as-
Fisted in depositing 800 ballots iv the box
before the pulls opened. H<> also testified
that only 124 legal votes were fast in the
division, while the returns showed .139 of
whirli Z?,2 wen- given to Barnett, th.- Re
publican candidate for State Treasurer,
and only five for his Democratic op
ponent. Thomas J. Ryan, candidate for
City Commissioner on the ticket with
Creasey, was glvpn 145 votes in the re
turns for the division.
Ball was also entered tn-day in the sum
of $1000 for Joseph Rodgers, lieutenant of
the capita! police, and Clarence M-eeser.
another of the alleged "repeaters."
Neither of the two men could be found,
and the ball was furnished by John F.
Baiter, a member of the State legisla
ture. The warrants for Rodgers and
Meeser were issued after the hearing of
the Washington nun. Rodgers and Meesi r
will be given a hearing on Thursday,
when Deputy Coroner Salter will be ar
raigned.
FOR THE NEXT CONVENTION.
Republican Committee to Meet and
Select the Place.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 13.-After a con-
Bultation to-day between Senator Hanna
and Charles F. Dick, chairman and secre
tary, respectively, of the National Re
, publican Committee, the latter announced
i that it had been derided to call the com
mittee together on Friday, December 15,
next, at Washington, to name the time
and place for the next National Republi
'■ can Convention. The session of the com
mittee will continue two days. The fol
lowing cities are mentioned aa probable
applicants for the National Convention
next year: Kansas city. Chicago, St.
■■ Louis, San Francisco, Cleveland, Minne
apolis, Denver, Milwaukee and Buffalo.
Secretary l>iek will issue a formal call
for the members of the National Com
mittee to meet on the date above men
tioned.
MILWAUKEE, Nov. 13.— Henry G.
Payne, National Republican Committee
man of Wisconsin, this afternoon gave it
ns hi.s opinion that < 'hicnun would be the
place selected tor holding the next Na
: tlonal Republican Convention.
"It seems likely that Chicago will be
chosen ns the place for holding the Na
tional Republican Convention," said Mr.
Payne. "It i.s the natural nlace for the
(■.invention, and probably has the best
chance for pettinp: it. So fnr as I know,
Milwaukee Is not a candidate. I ?rw
, something In a Chicago paper to the effect
. that Milwaukee was trying to get It. but
it is too late for Milwaukee to enter the
race. You see. it Is only about three
weeks before the time for the meeting of
the National Committee. I understand
that Kansas C4ty. St. Louis, Denver mid
other cities are after it. but Chicago per
: haps hus the advantage."
Election Supervisors Arrested
; CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 13.— John Bell.
■ John L. Evans and O. Gindelsberger,
State Supervisors of Election, were ar
rested to-day on warrants sworn out by
1 Thomas Clifford charging them with hav
ing violated the Ohio election law. The
irr.Hts are made at the instance of the
•feated candidates on the Independent
Legislative ticket. They claimed that
the Board of Supervisors failed of its
j statutory duty when it did not comply
with their request to name them non-par
tisan and put them In the Jones column.
Maryland's Official Vote.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 13.-The official
count of the ballots cast at last Tuesday's
election gives Colonel John Walter Smith
Democratic candidate for Governor 12 121
plurality over Lowndes (R.), incumbent
Colonel Smith carried Baltimore City by
8101. Candidates for other State office's
<liil not run more than a few hundred
votes behind the leader on the Democratic
ticket.
Allen Gets His Certificate.
AUGT'STA, Me., Nov. 13.— The Governor
and Council to-day issued a certificate of
election to Amos L. Allen as Congress
man-elect from the First Maine f'ongres
sional District. He had officially 12,337
votes, while former Congressman Luther
F. McKlnney had 7705. with six scattering.
GALLANT OLD GOMEZ
DISPLAYS HIS PRIDE
Cuban Warrior Declines a Proposed
Fund to Be Baised by Popular
Subscription.
HAVANA, Nov. 13.— General Gomez
Writes to La Lncha that he has seen with
great pleasure the announcement of a
project to raise funds to meet his personal
needs, but that such a proposition would
not do him honor in the execution and he
must beg leave to refuse the offer in ad
vance.
"This is not the time," he declares, "for
Cubans to occupy themselves with the
private concerns of any individual. When
they become absolute masters of the
islands, which will be a glorious consum
mation, there will be opportunity to at- !
tend to personal matters."
Burglar Sentenced.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 13. — Frank
Smith, who -was convicted of committing
burglary t.% the residence of John Blair
in this olty, was to-day sentenced to
serve ten years' Imprisonment at Folsom.
ests were not the pame in all respects,
though similar In some.
The firm of Hibbard, Spencer & Bartlett
of Chicago, and that or Kelly & Maus,
both hardware dealers, and also three
grocery houses, asked, to Intervene, at- did
the Merchants' Bureaus of Kansas City,
Milwaukee, St. Paul, Minneapolis arij
St. Joseph, Mo.
on the other hand, the Philadelphia
Hardware Merchants' and Manufacturers'
Association sent a telegram to the com
mission asking to Join with the Pacific
Coast in opposing the claims of St. Louis
business men set up in this proceeding,
and protesting against the establishment
of graded rates for their benefit.
It' is thought that other cities of the
East will join with Philadelphia for the
pro lection of their Interests in the trade
of the Pacific Coast.
The first witness called for the com-'
plainant was its traflic manager. Van
Landlngham, whose testimony seemed to
give much more satisfaction to the Pa
cific Coast people than to his employers.
He admitted he was working for the busi
ness men of St. .Louis on a good salary
and it was his duty to get all he could
for them, fie wanted the rates graded
from New York west according to the
mileage until the Missouri River was
reached, and far enough west of that to
serve the interests of St. Louis, but he
could not tell detinitely where the process
should stop. The whole rate question, he
said, should be reconsidered and. the rat^s
revised to put the St. Louis merchants
on an equal footing with those in the
Bast, and so on to the Pacific Coast. He
did not claim the railroads were earning
too much money under existing condi
tions. The St. Louis man could now com
pete with the Pacific Coast, through to
the Pacific Ocean, in large quantities of
goods, but he wanted the rates revised
so he could also sell to the retailers In
small lots.
Upon his cross-examination he admitted.
In answer to questions put by the attor
"ney for the Pacific Coast Association,
that the St. Louis merchants got into this
disputed rate war and when the condi
tions were unusual, and he was trying by
this proceeding to get an adjustment of
rates so they could hold this field and
go . farther west— in short, that they
wanted all of the earth which they could
lay their hands upon.
COLONEL INMAN
CALLED BY DEATH
Passing of the Author
and Plainsman.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TOPEKA. Kans., Nov. 13.— Colonel Hen
ry Inman, author and plainsman, asso
ciate of William F. Cody ("Buffalo Bill"),
died here to-day, aged 62.
Colonel Jnman's father, Henry Inman,
was a celebrated artist and the president
of the National Academy of Design. Aft
er his death an exhibition of his pictures
was given by the academy for the benefit
of his widow, the receipts of which were
employed in the purchase of a small farm i
two miles east of the village of Hemp- i
stead, Long Island. There Colonel Inman -
lived for about five years. He entered !
the army In ISoT and was immediately or- i
dered to the Pacific Coast, and served in
the fierce Indian campaigns in the far
W. s; up to the breaking out of the civil
war. He served in the Army of the Po- i
tomac as aid-de-camp to General George
D. Sykes, commanding the division of I
regulars of the Fifth Corps. He was se
verely wounded in the Seven Days 1 battla ,
before Richmond and was brevetted for '
gallantry in action. He was again suc
cessively brevetted major and lieutenant
colonel, the latter for his work in th«
great Indian winter campaign of 1868-69
by General Philip Sheridan.
Two years ago he published "The Old '<
Santa Fe Trail." a book of reminiscences, ■
which brought him reputation throughout
the United States.
WRECKING OF A SHIP
COSTS EIGHTEEN LIVES
Belgian Steamer Belgique Founders
Near the Island of
Alderney.
LONDON, Nov. 13.-On Friday night The
Belgian steamer Belgiciue. from Antwerp
I for Alexandria, foundered off the Casquet
rocks, near the island of Alderney, the
scene of the tragic disaster which last
March befell the London at/ Southwest
ern Railway Company's p£*enger steam
, er Stella. r
The night was stormy. A boat was
! launched with sixteen men. but five of
these died of exhaustion and three others
| were drowned In the endeavor of the ship
St. Kilda to rescue them.
Eighteen persons, Including the captain,
out of a total crew of twenty-six, are be
lieved to have been drowned.
RUSSIA PREPARING FOR
AN ADVANCE TO HERAT
Awaits a Favorable Opportunity for
Carrying Out Its Programme
in Southern Asia.
LONDON, Nov. 14.— The Times pub
lishes a communication this morning
from Its St. Petersburg correspondent,
who discusses the recent rumors of a
Russian advance toward Herat. The cor
respondent thinks that although these
rumors are without foundation, there can
be no doubt that the Russian military
authorities are preparing for an advance
to Herat in certain eventualities, such as
the death or abdication of the Ameer of
Afghanistan, which would lead to dis
turbances.
CHINESE PORT OPENED
TO FOREIGN COMMERCE
Yo-Chou-Tu the First Harbor in
Huanam to Grant Unre
stricted Trade.
PEKING, Nov. 13.— Y0-Chou-Fu. at the
entrance of Tontln Lake, was formally
opened to foreign trade to-day. This Is
the first port open In the anti-foreign
province of Huanam.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.-The replies of
the European nations interested in China'
to the request of the State Department
for a formal undertaking to preserve the
"open door" in the East are not expected
fur several weeks, Inasmuch as the ex
changes are not taking; place in Wash
ington, but at the various European capi
tals.
WHITNEY MAKES A SALE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The Fifth
avenue stage line has been sold to the
New York Electric Vehicle Transporta
tion Company by William C. Whitney
who acquired control of the stage line'
about a year ago from the Third-avenue
Street Railway Company. On<; of Mr
Whitney's business associates said to
day that the road would be equipped with
the latest style of electrical stages as
soon as they can be constructed. It ia
believed that the stages will be built by
the Electric Vehicle Company, with
wWch Mr. W hitney is prominently identi-
1 WEAK NERVES CAUSE PARALYSIS.
I pale, nervous weak, debilitated
I S^K\li women, men,
I ;r> ;MB BE - CURED BY
01 W r *'•" ' Nervous Exhaustion is In Uself a serious dl»-
-t> /i (/C_^sl^'l J '*- *" I? ii order, but when we take Into consideration th-
"L \J/ ' ' "-^iV-^^g^^^ " i ';;! dangerous complications that are directly . due
■i '/ ' . s~VL^&~~ m» to a letting-down of the nerves, it makes
•v -=f**- ,^ /\),;rr&Liir "i!; Nervous Exhaustion doubly serious. Paralysis.
> * (' ,^;J^"- r "XT/ .Partial Paralysis, Apoplexy, Spinal Troubles,
3 :• ■ Mftf^'v/^ -=^JW\ ' Brain Affections and Locomotor Ataxia, all
5 - -=|£r : s^* : £^V : / these may come from "Weak Nerves." The
3 —v x xV\ir >' '^il-'^r^li'' 1 J figures describe the points of weakness when
5 t*4± ' //.'NafcX'/ f 4B*£S '■ ' ' 'i '■ I the nerves are letting down. "Knowing your
J -M&iF '***{*•**'■ ''l/ danger, take steps to avert it." Take HUD-
% * aa^tl.C>*^i,'nailii^iXi " TAX. HUDYAN averts the danger, for HUD-
% ■ y" >*1 i*;-? - J VAN cures one and all these weak nerve con-
B //'/' WBlfi^'i' l -.=-^>-~ "If ' ditions. HUDYAN makes you feel like a new
A I) MW'mXp I,*1 ,* ■ V being.
• (a
1, . jjf SYMPTOMS THAT
\ Iff" DENOTE VITAL WEAKNESS : %
% II Pain '0 Back Twitching of Muscles VuV
** ///// ■ Pain in Stomacb Clouded Merrjory \\\\
>. ///// Pain In Side . Costlveoess \\\ i
$ //// Pain lo Joints Ringing lo Ears \\\ I
2 I Palo In Muscles Palpltatloo of Heart . ]\1
r ' I Headaches • Sediment In Urine . I
? Loss of Flesh Lack, of Eoergy 1
? Loss of Appetite Nervousness
•• Paleness Coated Tongue ■ I
2 i Dizzy Spells Hollow Eyes // I
> I . Feebleness Tendeocy to FO'rit /// /
A \\\\ Sleeplessness "And lo Women, • // '
> \\\\ ' General Weakness Painful Periods /////
3 \\\\\ Despoodency Irregular Periods /////
> \\\\\ Haggard Appearance Leucorrhoea . ' Hill
> \\\\\ Sallow Coroplexloo Pain Over Bowels ////I
> \v\\ ' Sick Stomach Chronic Inflammatloos //HI
5* Vvv\ Dots Be f° re Eyes And UlceratlOQS " ////I
\ \k HUDYAN CURES— \ Jj§
X ■ Get HUDYAN now. HUDYAN allaya all
$ /(^^^^fiWfc. pain and gives strength and tone to the entire
* >^^V^W4 nervous system. In women. HUDYAN cures
$ <M(C*ji)kMl<Hisfflt aII ute L rlne and ovarian troubles, and gives
i ffl^'^fiffllMi^^'M'^ strength to the delicate maternal organs.
i ■ GKvm^WJWMM^L HUDYAN CURED MRS. WILSON.
J M\W'^ '^Wtffy ■ IT WILL CURE YOU.
I • ' Illy - W • -^^ » » ™~~~ BAX.T LAKE CITY. Utah.
> f«\ffl v "225?!» <^F-Q DEAR DOCTORS: I was In Very poor health
> 7V*i' &f*L- /%i f suffering from female weakness and nervous
. ■ iRS/ ■ >a^r M** I prostration. • I could scarcely drag myself
> v.a I ' / around. Had headaches a -great' deal, pain in
> v>, V ■>' / ,•, / back and palpitation. .No appetite. After seek-
i -. $s. ?Cu /*^<, / ins two > ears for a cure . without result, I be-
i v^%. &$ ~JL I 2. ' " ' f a ? J. ludy . an - l soon be^ an to get better,
' : «V^ \^ M -■***** / "^* and within a few weeks' time I was cured com-
i v*t^> J •*T / -—'-# '-■ Pletely. I am, indeed, glad that I took Hud-
i /I ■ • / s^^Ss^? yan - Yours sincerely, MRS. C. I. WILSON.
i 4w^S£JVV '■■'■—""'--- ,J 0U can Bet HUDYAN from your druggiet—
; •M^Jsjr V^>^«mfcJ^^^ EOc a package, six packages $2 50 If he doe.
"ft! ? f °PM k pr?v lt rv, Send direct t0 t!le HUDYAN
| Oj^S^?^ Consult the Hudyan Doctors about your
DEATH OF GENERAL
WILLIAM MA. DYE
1 "Was for Years Military Adviser and
Instructor in the Service of the
King of Korea,
MrSKEGON. Mich., Nov. IS.— General
William McA. Dye. Minister of War to
. the King of Korea and ex-Chief of Police
in Washington, D. C, died here to-night
jof dysentery. General Dye, owing to ill
health, left Seoul, Korea, on May 5 for
: home. "He arrived in San Francisco on
' June 27 and after remaining there several
! days came to Muskegon. Since his return
here he has been confined to his bed.
His death was unexpected and only his
pun was with him to-day when he passed
away. He la survived by his widow and
] three children.
General Dye, who was born in 1831
graduated from West Point in 1553. He
served during the Civil War as captain
In the Eighth Infantry and was mustered
] out of the volunteer service on July 8
ISfio. After that he served in the United
States army in various positions until
y^ — -i»^^ A Hawes Hat is
f H^ the best $} oo Hat
. / p| in America.
I jpj 1^ True, we have the
necessarily speak
H (O^ "^^^ ife but nevertheless we H
E| \S V know that the above ||
i \ . }^) ■ I statement is correct M
Here is what we
f\ / will do toward prov-
\<l > the hat s— pick out
a shape suited to
M you — wear it a while and if you don't think B
11 the hat is worth $yoo come in— tell us so— H
we will return your money.
m Ought not that prove the worth of the hats ?f|
Derbys— Fedoras-
Two shapes, . Two shapes,
pa . Three colors: cedar, Four colors: pearl H
P walnut, black. cedar, walnut, black. fe
I S.N.WOOD CO ijSSj' I
S W.7iaMARK j ST --\^/ |1
H Out-of-town orders nlled-write us for H
II our new illustrated catalogue No. 2. " M
vice of the Klni of Korea. H« wl. ?U~
«-« to the position by O?tie?ii
turbancea which have occurred in Korea
I King adviser and trusted friend of the
: When the Russians eam^into power m
i ££ e fo? u^ r r v May 5 - -^ &
Lawyer Commits Suicide.
BOZEMAK, Mont., Nov. 13.-Charles B
Sutton, a lawyer, committed suicide b^
shooting and hanging himself to-day H<
had been despondent on account of ba<
ea J. tn ; , havln ? had an operation for ap
pendicitis performed about six -week* aeoBOER DEFEAT AT LADYSMITH
REPORTED BY NATIVE RUNNERS
This Alleged News Is Taken With a Grain of
Salt, However, and There Are Yet Grave
Fears for the Beleaguered British.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— A special dispatch from Durban, Natal, dated Thurs
day evening, November 9, says:
''Native runners who have Just arrived here from the Drakensburg district
report that the Boers suffered a severe defeat at Ladysmith this morning.
The Boer guns were silenced after four hours' fighting, during which the Boer
losses were heavy. No details have been received."
LONDON. Nov. 14, 4:50 a. m.— The pau
city of news from the front still leaves
the chief interest centered In the arrival
of the reinforcements. Estcourt dis
patches say that heliograph communica
tion has been established with Lady
smith, but so far no news has been re
ceived, the latest date being- November
6. which shows that the occupants of
Ladysmith had no news of the outside
world since General French reached
Pietermaritzburg and that they were
puzzled at the inactivity of the Boers.
Every one was confident and cheerful.
but were all suffering the inconvenience
of the siege, bread selling at three shill
ings per loaf.
Colonel Baden-Powell's dashing sorties j
at Mafeklng encourage the hope that the !
British garrisons along the western bar
der are able to hold out. Cecil Rhodes is j
employing £000 men. white and black, at
Kimberley in road-making as a remedy
for destitution.
According to a dispatch from De Aar, |
the Boers at Kimberley have got the ex- j
act range of the mines and are constantly |
throwing shells at the dynamite huts. J
Several of the latter have been .blown up |
and the damage done to the mines already !
amounts to many hundreds of pounds.
Among the stories from Urussels is one
that General Joubert and Sir George
"White have been endeavoring to nego
tiate for the capitulation cf Ladysmith,
but have failed to come to terms.
The story of Father Matthews, cabled
from Lourenza Marquez, regarding the
surrender at Nicholsons Neck, is too
vague to be very convincing, but in mill- I
tary circles it is considered unpleasant |
reading, and it will be impossible to learn i
the facts until the officer concerned has
teen court-martialed.
The report that the British cruiser
Magicienne had fired on the French
steamer Cordoba raises the doubtful point
- whether Gr^at Britain has yet actually
declared war. It is believed. . however,
that -Hurcpean nations have been
made acquainted with the severance
of relations between Great Britain and
the two republics. It is understood that
the Admiralty on General Buller's advice
has arranged that cruisers at the Cape
should go out to intercept all arriving
transports and inform them of 'the latest
or-iers respecting their destination, which
act? to be kept secret.
OUTLOOK IN NATAL IS
BRIGHTER FOR BRITONS
[
-:ing and
■• : .
■
- .
-
■
-
:
-
a ot" campaign.
■ i
"The Boer intention was to have cap
tured Pieterxrariizburg and then to dic
tate terms. But ail hope of accomplish
in? this must now be abandoned."
There is r.o doubt, that from the Brit
ish point of view the general situation
in Natal ie rapidly improving. Nearly
£») troops r«iached South Africa during
the last forty.-?ight hours r.nd by the
end of' the week from f».«) to 7000 more
wiil be added to the British strength in
Natal. -These will probably be pushed
forward "-to Estcnurt, bringing the Brlt
ish:f6rce there up to 10.000 nvn and mak
ing a general, attack on 1-adysmith by
Ge-r.eral Joubert- very hazardous.
'•As the cavalry and artillery belonging
to General Methuen's di-vision -will "not
arrive by then, the "advance from. Est
oourt may be delayed. But if it is
deemed essential to open communicat'oQ
-wfth the beleaguered town at the earli
est possible moment General Methuen.
it is believed, may decide to replace the
regular cavairy and artillery by the ra
tive Outlander forces and the naval
puns, in which case, it .is claims, it
ought to be possible to occupy Colenso
and stretch outa hand to General White
.by Monday, though it Is believed the
course to be followed by General Methu
en must r^ce^sarily be dictated entirely
by official knowledge of General White's
position ar.<s resources and the experts'
hope General Methuen will be able to
await the concentration of the whole cl
vtslon before advancing: and thus have
a better chance of dealing- a telling blow
at General Joubert's main army, which,
;it is asserted, will be caught between two
British forces and compelled cither to
fight a general action or retire to their
strongholds. The Drakensburg dispatch
by way of Durban, which was brought
in by a KaSir reporting the severe de
feat of rhe Boers at I.adysmith Thurs
day, may turn out to be correct, but in
view of the previous experience It must
be received with raution. It appears,
however, certain that heavy fighting oc-
c urred and that the lyddite of the naval
guns must have had a dire effect upon
the 1 burgher forces if It reached them.
X belated dispatch from -mith.
dated November 6, by way of Estcoart;
under date of November 9, confirms the
idea that the temporary cessation of the
Boer bombardment was due to General
Joubert awaiting the arrival of other
position guns before tackling the work
in earnest. It also says: • ■ ,". ■•
"Every one is cheerful and confident.
"We can show a rigid front for weeks to
come. Hitherto the bombardment has
dyne little damage. Yesterday the Boers
sent In eight wounded from Dundee. We
have been by train to the Boers' ad
vanced post. The Boers consider their
success was due to the- justness of their
cau&e. They have been guilty of abusing
the Red Cross Hag. News from the south
is scanty. A number of guns -are in posi
tion all around us. It was difficult at
first to locate them, as they use smoke
less explosives, but a balloon managed to
discover all the positions."
All the news from Kimberley and Mafe
king continues to point to the ability of
these places to hold out until the plans of
relief now" maturing can be consummated.
Captain the Hon. Douglas Henry Mar
shall reported- killed in the dispatches re
ceived u>-day from Colonel Baden-Powell
at Ma/eking under date of October 3L
was the third son of the Earl of Romney.
Captain C. A, Petchell, also mentioned
.' —-^ . — . _ : •"*
In the same dispatches as among the
killed, had seen considerable service in
India, including Chitral.
The stopping of the French steamer
Cordoba by the British cruiser Magi
eienne, near Lourenzo Marquez, Delagoa
Ray. is bound to l>e much commented on.
LOSSES SUSTAINED BY
BADEN-PGWELL'S FORCES
LONDON*. Nov. 13.— The War Office this !
morning publishes' the following dispatch,
received from General Buller:
CAPE TOWN, Sunday, Nov. 12 (right).— Tha
following reports lave been received from Col
one] Ba.irn- Powell:
•"MAFEKINO. Monday. Oct. 80.— All well
here; enemy apparently shy of attacking. Now
closing to Invest us. Is to-day destroying rail- j
way twelve miles north with dynamite. Shell- !
ins continues, dotr.g very little harm.
■'Tuesday, Oct. 31.— Enemy attempted an as- i
sault to-d*y en Cannon Kopje ar.d the south- !
east corner of the town. Attack most bril- j
Ilantly repulsed, notwithstanding hot shell fire :
by the British - ath African police under Wai- j
ford. En-my lost heavily. Our casualties, five (
killed and five wounded.
"KHied— Captain Hen. H. D. Marsham, j
Fourth Bedfordshire; C. A. PetcfceU. Thlni
King's Rifles; a sergeant major and two j
trooper*.
"W Minded— Five non-commiFsloned troopers,
all British South African police."
The War Office also made public the
following dispatch from Bulier:
CAPE TOWN. Sunday,. Nov. 12.— The follow
ing is from Baden-Powell, via Ntcholason at
Bultiwayo. November 5:
'•MAFEKING. Wednesday. Oct. 23.— A1l well
hare. Enemy still shelling us. W» made a suc
cessful night attack on his advance trenches
last night, getting in with bayon?t. Our loss.
Eli men 'of the Protectorate Regiment killed,
nine men, including ■ Captain Fitz-Clar^nce,
Third Royal Fusileers. and Lieutenant ?wtn
ton. wounded. Enemy's loss unknown, but con
siderable. Enemy has vacated Signal Hill and
; laagered two miles northeast of town."
The Colonial Office to-day gave out the
following extract from a telegram re
ceived from the Governor- at Natal:
"Lieutenant Lethbridge of the rifle bri
gade, who was dangerously wounded on
November 7 at Ladysmith; Lieutenant
| Nisbit of the Gloucestershire regiment,
and the wounded prisoners at Pretoria are
reported by a refugee to be doing well."
SOLDIERS LANDING
FROM THE TRANSPORTS
LONDON, Nov. 12.— dispatch from
Cape •own to the War Office announces
the arrival there to-day of the troopship
Armenian with three -■-••._ of artil
lery and an ammunition column, a; . the
troopship Nubia, with the Scots Guards
and half a battalion of the Northamp
tonshire Regiment. This brings the to
tal number of reinforcements to 12.502, of
I which about 6000 are already on the way;
|to Durban. The Armenian and Nubia,
i whose troops belong to the First Division,
• will probably be also ordered to pro
ceed.
Nine troopships, carrying 11.000 men, are
due at Cape Town to-morrow (Tuesday.)
♦
WHY THE FIGHTING
FUSILEERS SURRENDERED
PRETORIA, Nov. 6.— Father Matthew?,
-■ the Irir*. Fusileers, who was
sons Nek,
has arrived here. He that
_ ■•: General Joubert ■ I he
:he pprm:-' I I irn to the Brit
ish camp, he was tak*n to Pretoria, The
f War released him two days
•rival and he was permitted to
He reports that the prisoners are
ired for.
S/.u MARQT'EZ. D-Magoa Bay,
Soy. -. who arrived
laj - - ■ - ref
the Irish Fusi
-•■ -hire troops at
! Nek that afrer the moles
the force- got bard-presw
would have held out.
rdinate, without
■ ig of truce on
his . . -. Nothing then re
eoder.
"We were sent out," says Father Mat
thew-, "to occupy a position with the ob
ject of preventing two Boer forces from
joining. We started at half-past 8 on.
Sunday morning, marched ten miles and
got to the hill about 1 o'clock Monday
morning. The first mishap was that the
mountain battery stampeded and scat
tere<l the whole lot of mules. We formed
up again and "gained the top of the hill.
The mules were gone, but not all the
ammunition. I do not know what stam
peded the mules. They knocked me down.
It was pitch dark. : '\~ w
"We had but one hour's stop, the fight
ing beginning just after daybreak, being
somewhat slack for a time, but finally the
Boers crept round and then the firing be
came furious.
"Soon after 12 o'clock noon there was a
general cry of 'cease re,' but our fel
lows would not stop firing. Major Adye
came up and confirmed the order and then
the bugle sounded 'cease firing.'
"In our locality there was a rumor that
a white fiag was raised by a young of
ficer who thought his batch of ten men
were the sole survivors, but we were SOO
alive, having started with perhaps 1000.
I think many of the battery men were
captured. Our officers and men refused
to surrender. The Boers did not seem to
be in great numbers on the spGt. but I
heard that the main body had galloped
off. Our men had to give up their arms
and the officers were sent to Command
ant Steenkamp. The officers then ordered
the men to fall in.
"The officers were taken away from the
men and sent to General Joubert the
same day, traveling In mule wagons and
sleeping that night in some stores on the
way. The next morning they took a train
at Waschebank for Pretoria. They are
very well treated and also, I have heard,
are the men. There has been, no unpleas
antness in Pretoria. The officers are in a
school building and are allowed to walk
as they please in the grounds. The sur
render, in my judgment, was a great
blunder caused by a misunderstanding.
Major Adye was much put out. The
white flag was not hoisted by the Irish
Fusileers." '-iv-'
FRENCH STEAMER STOPPED.
L.OURBNZO MARQUEZ, Delagoa Bay,
THE SAN FRANCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 1899.
B.— The French steamer Cordoba has
arrived here. When seventy miles out
sh» was signaled by the British third
class cruiser Mugleienne, and as she did
not obey a bla:;k Bhot was fired across
her bow. After her manifest had been ex
amined she was allowed to proceed.
SCANDALS BREWING
IN THE BRITISH ARMY
SBON, Nov. 13.— Some army and
navy scan.ials of a serious character are
brewing. The Admiralty will have some
thing to answer in rt-£;ird to transporta
tion. The commNs:iriat department will
be called v c day to answer for
::;an and benst which have been
found unfit for use just before loading.
While a'l parties have united to support
• in the crisis, severe critl
■ining as to how the earlier
of the war are being com.
■ • ' ' ry is why the troops were
not mobll-r • - than is being done.
Thousands of troops are now being har
ried to the front, but the question is asked
In many quarters why were they not
transported much quicker. Though many
splendid ships have been hired as trans
ports, there are some which are reckoned
b^low the standard for such purposes.
Mi:rh indignation is expressed over the
putting of soldiers on old, slow boats. The
■•nment has been ready and a r
to pay any, amount for the best transports
and the 1 that could be got.
A great factor in strengthening the
British force? in South Africa was the
speed of vessels, and the question is
a.=ked why the Admiralty, which is re
sponsible for the hiring of transports, did
not secure in every case the best and
fleetest vessels. I understand on high au
thority that the most serious critic of the
work of the Admiralty in this respect Is
the commander in chief himself. Lord
Wblseley. There is no complaint about
the seaworthiness of the vessels em
ployed, but many of them cannot make
more than ten knots an hour. None is
reckoned dangerous, but, seaworthiness
being granted, time being the main object,
many of the transports are not. in the
opinion of military authorities. Lord
Woiseley in particular, up to the standard
required.
It is beg unto? to be hinted that In
some instances there have been dealings
between certain subordinate Admiralty
officials and the owners of ships which
offer something more than mere grounds
of suspicion that ships are being certi
f.ed as up to the standard which ought
never to have been hired at all. for con
siderations which may mildly be termed
commissions. Without particularizing as
to the rank held by some of these officials
appointed by the Admiralty as transport
surveyors, it is well known that some of
these men are not highly paid and there
fore the temptation to quietly accept con
sideration for passing certain ships as up
to requirements has been great. There
will. no doubt, be a strict inquiry into
these irregularities. The time that is be
ing lost on the mobilization of forces in
South Africa through slow transports is
too serious to pass without it. for this
means a delay in relieving General White,
Colonel Eaden-Powell and those gallantly
holding out at Ladysmith, Kimberley and
If reinforcements arrive one day too
late it will be knnwn where the blame
lies— not with the military authorities, but
with the Admiralty.
re will also be an inquiry into the
working of the commissariat department.
tin dealings there have passed the
Is of suspicion. In .■■ - com
•d fodder for horses and food for
men have, on examination before the sail
ing < "" roved below the standard
and have been thrown a:-ide. In thus-
cases -.tractors have secured or
- -hrough making compacts of a shady
character with subordinates who have had
the handling of stores. It was only
L'h the thoroughness and alpr
of those om>-rs whose duty it was to
tinaK the store? that the scan
dals have r- ■ it to light.
BOERS OPEN FIRE
FROM FORT WYLIE
ESTCOURT, Natal. Nov. 9. Thursday
tog.— An armored train with a com
pany of the Royal Dublin Pnsfleers start
ed at 1:30 this afternoon and reached the
break In the railway line about half a
mi!* from Coleoso without accident Cap
tain Hensley, with several men, recon
noitered and met a native, who said the
Boers were occupying the town. Whi!
the conversation was in progress the
Boers op»- From Wylle, but
did no injury. Captain Hensley there
upon retired on the train, after which the
Fusileers volleyed on the fort. As th^re
v.ns no response the presumption was that
th*- Boers had retreated. The armored
train returned here safely at 6 o'clock.
fley learned from the na
tives that Boers were numerous on the
Ladysmlth side of Colenso. During th<>
there was a cassation of the
bombardment of Ladysmith. A heliograph
was working fri>m Kort Wylle.
PARIS PAPERS PROTEST.
PARIS, Nov. 13.— The Paris morning
papers protest against the stopping of the
French steamer Cordoba by the British
third-class cruiser Magicienne off Lour
enzo Marquez.
The Petit Bleu says: "This arbitrary
act of England requires an apology to the
French Government and indemnity to the
owners of the Cordoba and to the author
ities."
The Soleil and the Echo de Paris pro
test in similar terms.
The Matin demands that an investiga
tion be made, as there is no effective
blockade, otherwise the authorities would
have been notified.
The Gaulois does not consider the inci
dent serious. '-_•'-'•*-
SIR MICHAELS IDEA.
LONDON, Nov. 13.— Sir Michael Hicks-
Beach. Chance'.lur of the Exchequer,
speaking this evening at Bristol, said:
••The war In South Africa has destroyed
both conventions w::h th»- Transvaal. We
must establish th»-re a pure and honest
gnvernment. on the basis of equal rights
and on something more enduring than pa
per safeguards. Subject to this, we should
give whatever solf-goverhment may be
possible in South Africa. No one desires
that great country to be governed perma
nently from Downing street."
GERMANS SLAY TWO
HUNDRED CANNIBALS
Punishment Inflicted Upon a Tribe of
Rebellious Natives in West
Africa,
LIVERPOOL. Nov. 13.— The British steamer Volta from the German
Cameroons, West Africa, which arrived here to-day, reports that a German
punitive expedition in the Cameroons Mountains recently chastised a tribe
of reoellious cannibals who had besieged several trading stations at and
near Kribi. The Germans chased the natives into the bush, killing 200. It
was reported, according to the captain of the Volta. that numbers of the
elain wtre decapitated, their heaas being stuck on poles in the interior
towns to strike terror to tie inhabitants.
NOT NEAR TO WAR
IN THE FAR EAST
Alarmist View Is Hardly
Justified.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LONDON', Nov. 13 —A special dis
patch - uaghai says the
differences between Russia and
Japan have been accentuated by
Japan's refusal to grant R
foothold un the ?ea front of
unpo harbor, Korea,
LONDON', Nov. 13.— Careful Inquiries re- i
veal nothing extant in dipomatic circles
here to justify the alarmist view taken by
a section of the press regarding the sit- j
uation in the Far East. That a serious
denouement is 30 close at hand as is indi
cated by advices from Shanghai during
the last twenty-four hours is regarded as
incredible. For a long time it has been
known here and it was asserted in these
dispatches two months ago that China
ana Japan were closely allied, but neither
British nor American diplomats in London
believe that the alliance is of an offensive
nature. -=""-'
At any rate, it may be asserted posi
tively that if Japan and China contem- <
plate aggressive action against Russia, •
Lord Salisbury Is not aware of their in
tention, ami it is scarcely probable that
those powers ■would decide upon any defi- ]
nite course Without at least consulting j
Great Britain, which, in the nature of |
things, would be their ally, whether active
or passive. However, while the. foreign
officials have no information tending to
confirm recent sensational reports, they
have come to regard the Eastern problem
as so difficult In respect to getting ac
curate information that they would be
surprised at nothing. They have endeav
ored to take precautions against every-
In the words of a British official who '
discussed the situation, "while reports of
a rupture between Russia and Japan are
easy of creation, and while they are liable
to constant reiteration so long as the dip
lomats of the press continue to view the'
Far East with such serious attention, it Is
clearly palpable that if Japan really
means to strike a serious blow at Russian
control she must do it quickly, for very
soon Russia will be far stronger than she
is now."
Discussing the bearings of Russia new
naval estimates upon this question, the
official asserted that these certainly indi
cated the Intention of the Czar to increase
the Russian fleet in Chinese waters,
which, if done on the scope outlined in the
estimates, would i«*ve Japan -but little
chance. - . ■--, ■
"Another phase of these reports which
has astonished me," said the official, "is
the suggestion of Chinese co-operation.
Thus far no nation has been able to
arouse the Chinese sufficiently to get them
to combine in military enterprises. If
Japan has done this— or even believes she
has — then she has accomplished more
than Great Britain or Russia in a century
of effort."
The action of the United States in re
questing assurances from foreign Govern
ments regarding the "open door" policy
in China has created Intense satisfaction
in official circles.
"Lord Salisbury," according to the offi
cial quoted above, "has gladly acquiesced
in this step on the part of the United
States, which is regarded a- most potent
evidence that the United States recognizes
the impossibility of conducting their for
eign affairs without the co-operation of
other nations and as the first practical
earnest of Its desire to conduct Eastern
negotiations in concert with European
Governments." \
MUNROE HAS WIVES IN
A HALF-DOZEN CITIES
Notorious Bigamist and Swindler Ar
rested by the Police of
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— James Munroe, i
- said to have -wives In a half-dozen j
cities and who is wanted for a number of [
I swindling operations, has been ar
be held pending the
I of officers from R" he«ter, X. V..
he will be tried on charges of big- ;
amy and swindling.
Monroe it Is alleged, married Mr?.
Mary J. Colthler of Bunker Hill.. 111., and;
r at Rochester after obtaining !
..:• . •"- :: : . ; \ Tding to the T
n St. Loafs, F.var.?
[ad. New York ■ nester and
Canad ' • l« said to have conduct
ed his operations through various matri
monial bureaus. In a satchel of Mv
• ral hundred letters from
n all over the country accepting his
advertised proposals.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Postal Appointments, Army Orders
and Pensions Granted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The Secretary
of Agriculture has appointed L. M. Tol
man of Berkeley scientific aid in that de
partment.
The Poetoffice Department to-day ap
pointed Walter L. Richardson letter car
rier at Santa Cruz at 1850 per annum; also
Ralph A. Debolt at Santa Rosa, vice W.
J. Metier, resigned. y\^- '_
The supervising architect of the Treas
ury Department has accepted the bid of
the B^ntley Construct] Company of San
Fran** isco for sand and mortar work on
the Federal building. This is an addi
tional contract. «_«•-»*.,
Army orders— Captain Lewis M. Xoehler
will proceed to San Francisco on the ex
piration of his present leave of absence.
The following named enlisted men of Bat
tery E, Thirl Artillery, general hospital.
Presidio, San Francisco, will return to
their proper station: Corporal John Marce.
Private Thomas Bennett and Private Wil
liam 11. Shelby. the Assistant Secretary
By direction of the Assistant Secretary
of War Private Claude A. Giddlngs, Sixth
Cavalry now at Fort Leaven worth. is
transferred to the hospital corps as pri
vate He will be sent to Angel Island.
Acting Assistant Surgeon George A. Zel
ler will proceed from Peoria. to San Fran
cisco; Second Lieutenant James F. Me-
Kinley. Sixth Cavalry. will proceed to San
Francisco: First Lieutenant Frank E. Ly
m in Jr.. signal corps. Is relieved from fur
ther duty at the signal corps post at Fort
liver and will proceed to Angel Island.
Pensions-California: Onginal-Josiah
M Hubbard, Los Angeles, 16, Additional
—Charles G Ellis, Los Angeles. $8 to $12.
Supplemental-John Van!.. ne. Delano, $6
Increase-Jacob H. Hoge Los Angeles, if
to »12: Arthur T. Marvin. Sausalito, JS
°O l regon: Original— Warren H. Luckey,
Eugene. JO: Jerome Dornsife, Indepen-
' w C a^hington: Original-John H. Purn-
Phrey, Little Falls. $1* Reissue-John
Tuke, Battle Ground. $14.
To Be Vicar General.
ROME. Nov. 13.— Monsignor Satolll.
formerly Apostolic delegate to the United
States, will shortly be appointed Vicar
General to the Pope.
HERESY CHARGES
MAY BE DROPPED
Case Against Professor
McGiffert.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— case of
Professor Arthur C. McGiffert of the
Union Theological Seminary, who is
charged with holding views that are at
variance with the doctrines or the Pres
byterian church, came before the pres
bytery to-day and was referred to 'he
general assembly. A committee was ap
pointed last June to confer with Profes
sor McGiffert and prevail upon him to
withdraw from the church or at least
modify his views. Meetings have been
held, which Professor MeGiffert attend
ed, but he steadfastly refused to recede
from the stand he had taken on certain
church matters, saying that he had been
misunderstood. The general assembly
prepared expressly for Professor Mc-
Glffert's case an outline of the funda
mental principles of the church. These
were:
That the statements of the Holy Scriptures
are absolutely truthful, i. c.. free from error
when Interpreted in then- natural and intended
sense.
2— That in Jesus Christ there were two whole,
perfect and distinct natures, the God head
and manhood, being inseparably Joined together
In one person, without conversion or confusion,
si that he was In no particular liable to err.
. 3 — That the Lord's supper was instituted by
the direct and personal act of Jesus Christ, to
be observed in his church unto the end of the
world.
That God Justified men by imivutinK the
obedience and satisfaction of Christ to them.
they receiving- and resting upon him in all his
righteousness by faith, which faith they receive
) as the rift o? God.
It is only the last of these statements
that Professor McGiffert accepts as it
stands. *
The committee to whom the matter
was referred was composed of Rev. Dr.
Robert F. Sample (chairman). Rev. Dr.
John B. .Shaw. Rev. Dr. R. R. Booth and
Rev. Dr. John C. Bliss, and the follow
ing elders: William Magee, Oscar E.
Boyd and Titus B. Meigs.
Mr. Boyd was the only on© of the com
mittee absent at a meeting of the com
mittee held just previous to the meet
ing of the presbytery.
The report was voluminous. ■ Its es
sence was that the case should be re
ferred to the general assembly, which
meets in St. Louis next May. The re
port was accepted and ordered to be
1 printed for private distribution among
■ the members of the presbytery and made
the order of the day at the December
: meeting.
At the conclusion of the reading of the
report Professor Francis Hrown. Dr.
Howard Agnew Johnson and Her. Dr.
Henry Van Dyke read suggestions in
j which it was advised that the controver
sy over Professor MeGiffert be dropped.
Dr. Johnson's paper was heard first,
then Professor Brown's and Dr. Van
j Dyke's and they were in substance alike.
Dr. Van Dyke said that while a major
ity did not agree with Professor M -
i Giffert the wisdom of a heresy .rial was
i doubtful and might result in harm to
; the Presbyterian cause. In view of pre
! parations for a series of Presbyterian
; revivals in this city this fall and winter
the postponement of the discussion on
1 the subject and the reference to the gen
eral assembly is thought desirable.
LOSS OF LIFE AND
DAMAGE TO SHIPPING
Gales Accompany a Snow and Rain
Storm Off the Newfound-
land Coast.
HALIFAX, N. S.. Nov. 13.— A heavy
snow and rain storm, accompanied by
graies of wind, causing- loss of life and
riamagre to shipping, prevails in the marl
time provinces and Newfoundland
A dispatch from Cape Hood. Cape '
Breton, say? that a flshingr boat was '
swamped «,ff the northern entrance and '■
that another boat Is missing. It is possi
ble that at least a dozen persons have ;
perished.
MARIN COUNTY TONGS
PREPARE FOR A WAR
See Yups Set a Price on the Head of
Wong 1 Ho for Having Given In
formation to Police.
SAX RAFAEL. Nov. 13.— The See Tup j
and Sam Yup clan« of Maria County are \
preparing for war. They have taken !
"Oh, How It Hurts!"
•—^— — — — — -—^ »
s~-±. "When I rise up it feels like a knife sticking into' me.'
ffi#\ "My sleep is broken early in the morning by the dull, tired
\&^'(k pain." "After my day's *work I am so stiff I can hardly get
. out of a chair." Do you feel like this at any time ? i, If the
fi tljy^V^^^s^ weather changes do you feel pains in your back, shoulders
iiliijr^ iVv3\\\ or hips? Is your back stiff and lame? Have you pains in
i)|/ — <> '^^r\ x* &*) any art of YourV our body? If you have, you know Dr. Mc-
r.«-_^jK^ \ \ \a/ Laughlin's Electric Belt will cure you, and you must got it
V^^^UJV / a V\\ / to-day, you know it cures, because you know friends it has
n^v^ /X—,/ V Y^i cured, and what it has done for them it can do for you.
iff "Iff : Or. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
/ // (/\ Is not new. It is the result of twenty years of experience de-
y ff f[J voted to curing Rheumatism, Lame Backhand the weakness of
i / * men. Does your back hurt? Try it now; it will cure you.
Cured His Rains. .
:'■;-;">>-'•_>■■' CORVIXA. L. A. Co.. Cal.. Oct. 24, 1599.
DP M A McLAUGHL.IV— Dear Sir- I suffered such incessant rain, that I could pet no relief until I used your Electric Belt,
which I "consider the wonder of the age. I also loaned it to some neighbors, who soon returned it and got your Belts for them-
selves. I've recommended your Belt to several people. who wrote for my opinion. Yours truly. \\M.- H. WITHER.
There are thousands of other men who need it and should use it now. It pours a
soothing>gentle current of Electricity into the body while you steep, and NEVER BURNS
OR BLISTERS. .
Call to-day or send for my new 80-page book about it free, sealed, by mail.
nR II A Mr! AlinUl 111 ■ 702 Market, Cor. Kearay, OWfceH « f «- 8 ' l " tos^p.-.
IK m U mf! A H I |N s F.a ndßurdlckß , oCk « an d.y^iotoi.
U 111 111 I 111 IfIULnUUIILIII] C«. Siring t»4 8««a4. Lo. Anftlet. NEVER SOLD IN DRUG STORES
ly^All-woorx 3
fTailor-nmde\ |^ - %
I suits and 1 /f%J«\ I
L overcoats y\ /^TT\ I
| . When you have on good clothes you '11 Ili ' ll
s* point to them with pride — you feel good 'ill/ til h
gin them — they, are a source of pleasure. fjaf "^S^v «
| You can point to the price with ||!
I much satisfaction, too, if you buy one of our $10 made- S
I to-order suits or overcoats. H
I There is always additional satisfaction for you in our ||
I repairing guarantee. Think of it ! All clothes made by Eg
I us are kept in repair free for one year. M
cj If you are in need of a new suit, doesn't our proposi- §§
;j tion interest you ? . SI
i Get our samples — no charge. gg
| S. N. WOOD & CO., I
• 718 Market Street and 1
s Cop. Poweil and Lddy, ' X
their cue from the attempt to murder L«e
Ah Lir.g in San Francisco last Batui
evening and an exodns I •• ;> ""
Teong's relatives and friends froia Sa«
Pedro Point has b^gun. Several Ch
cam-- here this evening to avoid a knife
thrust or a leaden pellet. A member of
<he local Chinese colony told Marshal
Healy and Deputy Coroner Steven Eden
this afternoon that the See Yups had set
a price on the head of Wong Ho for in
forming on the man who killed
and that Ho had fled, now being in hid- >
ing.
Highbinders have been coming into
this city and Point San Peo.ro for two
day? past and the authorities are keep
ing a sharp lookout to prevent bloodshed
if possible. Tw« Chinese from San Pedro
Poir.t have been here since yesterday
morning and are afraid to return to theit
vocations as fishermen.
FIREMAN CRUSHED
BENEATH HIS ENGINE
First Accident That Ever Occurred
on the United Verde and
Pacific Railroad.
JEROME. Ariz. Nov. 13.— An Incom
ing passenger train on the United Veide
and Pacific Railroad was ditched eight
miles north of here. The engine and two
-s rolled from bridge No. IS and
crushed the fireman. David Rose, be
neath the engine. The other trainmen
and passengers escaped uniniured. The
road has the greatest curves and grades
of any road in the United States, but
this Is the first accident that has ever
happened en the road during its live
years of operation.
HOBART'S IMPROVEMENT.
Belief That the Vice President Is Not
Now in Danger.
PATERSOX. N. J., Nov. 13.—Improve
ment in the condition of Vice President
Hobart continues and Mrs. Hobart and
other members of the family feel con
fident that the life of the Vice President
will be preserved for a long time, even if
his complete recovery is not considered a
possibility by his physicians. To-day he
w.ts able to" partake of all his meals at
the usual times. Mrs. Hobart, who has
been at his bedside almost continually
since his serious illness began, felt so en
couraged at the improvement this after
noon that she consented to go for a
drive. This was the first time she has
been willing to leave the Hobart resi
dence for even a few moments during the
last two weeks. _
BIG MINE BONDED.
Representatives of John D. Rocke
feller Secure the Idaho.
GRASS VALLEY. Nov. 13.— The famous
old Maryland mine, better known as the
Idaho, has been bonded for $500.H00 by A.
P. Flaglor of New York, who has been
here for several days in the interest of
John D. Rockefeller and other capitalists
looking for mining properties in which to
--. The old Idaho has turned out
many millions of dollars and will un
doubtedly continue to do so if worked in
the manner Mr. Flaglor intends it shall
DIED A PAUPER.
Dissipation Caused the Bum of a
Wealthy Man's Son.
REDDING, Nov. 13 —Willis B. Franklin
died in the Keswick ?aloon to-day. 1
D^ath was due to consumption. Deceased
was a son of J. H. Franklin, manager of
lie New York Central and Hudson Rlv^r.
New York and Harlem, and N. V.. N. H.
ar . ; H. Railroads. He had led the pa.-c
that kills and was a physical wreck and ;
without funds. .As the result of his dis
sipation he was taken into the County
Hospital recently. He quarreled with an
attendant, left the hospital, wandered to
Keswlck, where he-died suddenly while in
a saloon. His. father has been notified
of hi« death. He has wired to draw upon
him for the funeral expenses. The burial
takes place here.
FORMER BANKER ON
TRIAL FOR FORGERY
Abram King Charged With Having
Also Embezzled From an Estate
in His Charge.
SAX JOSE. Nov. Aged Abram King,
capitalist and ex-banker, was placed on
trial in Judge Lorigans- court to-day on
a charge of forgery. 'While guardian of
the estate of Stephen Hobson, an incom
petent. King is charged with having
robbed the estate. The Gxand Jury a year
ago returned six indictments of forgery
and one of perjury against King, who is
nearly SO years of age. The method of
looting the Hobson estate was systematic
and extended over a - period of many
years. Bills for clothing. and water and
repairs to property were .raised a dollar
or two. and in some instances King forged
claims against the estate until he had em
bezzled thousands of dollars.
The charge on which King is being tried
is for forging the name of L. W. Otter
to a bill for $36 that he charged to the
estate for plumbing. Most of the day
was occupied in securing a jury and
the testimony taken was of minor import
ance. King has made every effort to
settle the cases out of court, but without
avail. He was sued for $13,000 he had
embezzled from the estate by Mrs. Louise
Krouse. and this he settled in cash. He
is reputed to be worth a couple of hun
dred thousand dollars, and until the dis
covery of the peculations in the Hobson
estate was considered an honorable man.
He had served the county as Supervisor
and held other positions of trust. For
many years he was president of the First
National Bank.
•
CHURCH TO CELEBRATE.
Semi-Centennial of Methodism in
Santa Clara.
SAX JOSE, Nov. 13.— The Methodists of
this city and county are preparing to cele
brate the semi-centennial of the establish
ment of Methodism In Santa Clara Coun
ty It will be fifty years on December T
since the church began its work here, and
on "that date a five days" celebration will
commence. The programme will be an
elaborate one and will include all the
phases of church work. All the societies
of the church will take a prominent part
in the programme. The occasion will be
an important one in the history' of the
Methodist church on the coast. Besi.^es
being religious and musical, the event wUI
also an historical one.
BURNED TO DEATH.
Three Children Lose Their Lives a3
Result of a Fire.
SAULT STE. MARIE.'Mich.. Nov. 13.— A
special from Detour, this county, says
that on Sunday the three sons of Mrs.
Kate Orr. aged 8, « and 5 years, were
burned to death in a fire which originated
in their home. The mother, a widow, was
away at the tinv-. The boys were fn
charge of their arramimother, who, how
ever, escaped unhari
Ministerialists Defeated.
ST. JOHN'S. N. P., Nov. I£— The Minis
terialists have been defeated in the bye
elections in the divisions of St. Johns and
Fortune 'Bay. the Liberals carryii\g the
former by a 'majority of 435. and the latter
by a majority of 11( • The Government
has thus lost three elections this year. .
34
idestl
FLYING BESS
A SURPRISE
AT NEWPORT
Canadian Sprinter Wins a
Handicap at Odds ck Ten
to One.
. • • • :;:..!: to T!
CINCINNATI, NoV. 13. This was a
"great day for the bookies at Newport, a,s
- every one of th<> tlve favorites went down
16 defeatJ The victory, of tlie Canadian
sprinter. Flying i*t>s=s. at 10 to 1, in the
mile handicap, was a Mgr surprise. W.eath
«r pleasant- track fact. Results:
One mile— J J T won. Frank McC<mnell sec
ond. Juanlm thlni. Time. .1:42.* • ■ •
Five furlong*, polling— FK>pa T'anlels won,
Kuspell \i Becor.d.'TAlceaa ihlrd. Time. 1:02.
Hit furlonßa— Randazzp won. Dolly.- tetbbfl
fpcond. Necklace third. Time, l:Ul«:
Handicap, one mile— Fixing Bess won, Kriss
Kringle second; Moki third: tlnif.'-lMi'^i-. 1
1 «..>nc mile ami one-elghtli, selUng— Frank Wag
n^r won. Fresco second, Kainiro II third. Time,
'
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— The track at
Bennlrps was a Mil!. 1 slow to-day. Con
siderable dissatisfaction v, .is expressed
ovor th^ pdpr'runnhig of- Miss I [aiiover- - in
tliu second race. Sh<: .was strongly backe<l
to win. but finished far in <he - rear of the"
Held; Her owner was notified, that entries
cf the tilly Cor future'.eventa at thTs. meet
ing: wouhi not bo accep.ted. . Results:
All act's, non-wl.-i'tcrs Jn 99, five, and a half"
furlonss-^-Uncle l^iu;^ won. Arntopia • cond
Tyrba thlr<l. Time. 1:10.
furlong-s, two-year-old fllltes— Flfiuron
won. Cupidity second, JClste Hklp third. Time,
Three-year-olds and upward, one mile and
seventy yards^rQueen of Sons won; Goal Ruji
uer second. Campania third. Time, 1:51.
Six furlongs, two-year-olds — amor won,
Back Talk second, Jucoma third. Time, l:16-».
Maiden two-year-olds and upward, one mile
ar.il 100 yards — St. Slmonian won, Havlock sec
ond, Come to Order third. Time, I:ol2 : 5. ■ ■
CHICAGO, Nov. IS.— Weather clear;
track .good.- Results: . ■ :■: ■_
One mile— Rrown DicK Won, Andy B second.
Falsetto third. Time, 1:45.
Fhe and a half furlongs — Felix Bar.; won,
Morris Volmer second, Lovable third. Tims.
One mile and a sixteenth— Catastrophe won.
Banish second; Deerlr.g third. .Time, 1:47^..
Five furlongß— Algraretta won, Little ■Jack'
Homer second, Hugh Penny- third. Time, l:01i a .
Six furlongs— .-win won, Lomond second,
The Monk third. -Time, 1:15. ■ '
One mile and one-eighth — Chancery won;
riantain scood. Walk-enshaw third. Time, 1:57. •
OLYMPIANS
TO RECEIVE
THE LADIES
Ladies, If you have a brother, a sweet
heart or a friend who Is a member of
the Olympic Club insjst on his taking
■you to the club to-morrow night, other
wise you will miss .one of. the best en
tertainments ever arranged •in: your
hor.or. Leader John A. . Hammersmith
has arranged the ladles" night, which
promises to rival the splendid entertain
ments given by the popular athletic in
stitution in by-gone' days. A splendid
array of talent has ' been engaged by
Mr. Hammersmith tor the occasion and
the performers will do their :best to' win
smiles from the fair audience. ■ . : :;
The programme has many, features,
but the fencing bouts and a wrestling
match between two wonderfully clever
juvenile wrestlers ; will certainly add
much enjoyment to the entertainment.
Professor ironchet, th( club's. ■ fencing
master, who so handily defeated Profes
sor Pavese, the champion of the world,
In a fencing bout in this city some weeks
ago-, will exhibit his marvelous, skill with
the rapier against two of his clever as
sistants.' Master Frank Hoagton and
Master. Eddie Murphy will make their
llr«t' public appearance .on the wrestling 1
n\at and if credence can be placed In,
those who have seen this lads perform
they will give an exciting exhibition. As
will bo seen In the following programme
the entertainment will be varied and in
teresting:
Fire act, A. M. Stone; cakewalk, Ed
<lie and Clairo Deutseh; strong man act,
Professor George Mlehling; brother act,
Bursvsp and Oleson; dueling with la
piers. Professor Tronchet and Emil Las
treto. Professor Tronchet and Emil Or
tion; exhibition with foils, p. Serre and
J. H. Horrigan, E. . Lastreto and E. < r
lion: wand drill, boys of .the. Grant
School in command of Professor- George
Mlehling; instructor; triple ' bars, Ru
dolph Moll and Frank Seymour; zitner
folo, Charles Mayer Jr.; wrestling, J. J.
Phillips and W. 11. Kins, .C. boldridge
and J. A. Mackenzie, Master Frank
Hoagto;\ and Master -Eddie Murphy: Ro
man rings, Ado'lpH Hanlon; high jumps
,by experts of the club: boxing, Stewart
Simpson and Clement Mil ward, Dr.
Caglleri and Professor .de Witt Van
Court; leaping, Professor Robert Leando
and meruoers of the Olympic Club.
CORBETT'S CHALLENGE.
Posts a Forfeit for a Match With
Champion Jeffries.
NK\Y Y< <••/!%. Nov. '". .- J:.m<»s J. Cor-
James .1. Jeffries to
tight for the heavyweight championship
v...r;.i Corbett lias deposited $6000
v Jeffries in any waj be
■ . I: may be taken | ror a
forfeit.
tter says that he de
inn* i. giving
ii he wishes to begin nrepara-
PrtfvTded his
money !•; covered, Corbett will in- t .!■;'
trie* ■■!! November 17 and sign ari
- »h, th< former champion ai-
Sfharkey, in
• ms to bave Btood off the.
sailor in nine rounds.
lorbett said: "I
ras In lny life than
T am about this. Many people think thai
I dcm'l want to fi^ht again, but thia
all doubts l
1 put up $100,000 but •
It Ib this: WTien the u^>\- comes off Jef
• will be the favorite In the betting
•«\ I; will co at ev< n
money, wl en I will be ai.le to
- do use in
I want to
..■|| 1) O
It the match is
'" M< ' -oy may train with trie
''" I? wl Blderlur it
now.
Bums Knocks Out Zieg-ler.
• a>j^» i'm'.k. Nov. i::.- The bout at the
Hercules Club] Brooklyn, to-nlj was be
iUveen Owen ZlegU-r of Phlladelphl and
,Charlra nurtia of Cincinnati, at 141
pounds. In the fifth routui I'.nrns got In
a series of upppercuts, knocking Zieeler
•clown .three times, when he 'was counted
out. ; • /,
McDuffie's Fast Half -Mile.
CHICAGO, Nov. 11— Eddie M, -Duffle
a.Mi-1 .-nmthpr world's record to his list
iiK r a half mile over the GUurfield
■ j 'i 4" i' •:. se< onds, motor -
Weath r conditions were rather uni
Rl !«».
Pears'
Pears 1 soap is
dried a whole
year. That's
why it lasts so.
JLateat jzecoraj f/fade in the 3*ield of Sport
TALENT HAD
SPORT WITH
THE BOOKIES
Pu' a Crmp in the Ring at
Tanforan — Five Win-
ning Choices.
After many days of- pleasant sailing
. glassy sea th'> bookmaklng frater
nity encountered an old-fashioned ty
al Tanforan I'ark yesterday. It
will !■■ remembered as ."blue .Monday" for
half .a tl.'zen moons. Not a few of the
bank 1 rolls l ■ . ■ > k • ■< ' unlike an emaciated
veteran of the Manila- campaign after a
of Luzon fever. F. Ryan of Chicago
.:-; horses Silver Tone, Afamada and
liberal contributions to the
lught.- Remunerative prices were
quoted against all of the equines named,
and educated money backed each in- his
■ almost off the boards. They were
n it" the only favorites to land, for Silver
,^taii- and i>r. Sheppard reached tlu- wire
In advance of their fields, while in the
opening sprint Giro', the winner and Bec
ond choi< c, uas e\ en more • ■
■ than the favorite,
Dan l >>;:!ii.-.' 1 .unable to "put
over." He started Burdock In the
number, and Tornmj Burns i
Giro v."ii with considerable in hand., in
fact, Aborigine nave the favorite a hard
rub. being downed but a nose for the
place. ■ ■ '
Burns also laid.M Silver State in front
for th<* nex.t purse. The distance was. six
furlongs, and fn the betting there was no
really prominent choice, Coda, with
Ranch up, if anything-, enjoying the call,
rack Western Jockey -rode one of his
brainiest on the KevadU* mare, at the
wire leading Coda out a length. Rlcardo
■. i the show from Magnus.
There was a trifle more class to the
i-furlong run which followed; with
Jennie Reid carrying the bulk of ihr tal
coin at odds iC. 8 to ."■. l.avut.or re
the betting after opening" a ti to
lit . . At the last Silver Tone's price
was rubbed from threes to 1^ to 5. Cas
and Lavator Bhowed some .-peed for
halt a mile.' 'when' the favorite, Jennie
Held, assumed command. In the run
borne Silver Tone ran over the Hughes
. beating her out three lengi
1:31. Lavator ran a good third.
The six-furlong recital, next d«
d only a rehearsal for Afamada.
Walsh had her in fron; be!
furlong: had' been covered, and she. won
galloping. Eddie Jones, by excellent, rid-,
ing, got Campus, a 12 to 1 shot, to the
wire two lengths before Don Luis for sec
ond place. Mike Hlce would Hkely have.
been a. factor had he not found a mud
1 .: three furlongs' from home,
falling out of .it, as well as interfering
with Sorrow.
Ryan followed by a win with his horse
Mafcato, after a refreshing finish with
My' Gypsy, the two-year-old, carrying 7t»
pounds. -'The diminutive- filly and tne
i f Montrose gelding fought it out
the last furlong, J. Walsh, riding with
keener Judgment than Ranch, getting the
ion by a nose. Morinel run a good
third.
The start Intheflnal seven-furlong event
contributed to the victory of Dr. Shop.
j .ird. Thorpe sot the, big horse away well
to a straggling send-off, and af ter' Mort
: her string out Sheppard
took the feed and, hard ridden, downed
Malaj i gth. the former horse was
'all out, but. away on even terms with
the winner, could perhaps have reversed
things; Ostler Joe was also a starter.
Track Notes.
When the weather clears up and the
track again becomes fast the Oakland as
sociation will hung up a special purse for
v iive furlong sprint between Yellow Tail,
Fred Foster's big colt, and Sputhern Girl.
It should prove a rare good .'.rawing csFfd.
Harry Spencer, "the iceman." now con
sd the premier rfd&r of the country.
arrived from the East last evening. He
was accompanied by. Willie Martin, the
;s "Jockey Bill." Willie became In
volved In a controversy with the Btewards
of the j..ekey club in New fork some
weeks ;",'<■• and for once finished second.
His. explanations, while plausible, were
not quite clear to them, ami his license
: revoked.
The California Jockey Club baa in prep
aration a pre.it curd for Thanksgiving
day. In addition to a $^<" handicap, at
■■] c mile and a furlong, mere will-also be
a selling handicap, decided over the
distance, two ami a quarter miles, for a
$,".'"' purse.
George Hose, the. widely known Call-,
bookmaker, arrived from New
fork. Sunday night. Mr. Rose mad<
• largest books on- the lOai-iem trael*
enjoying a ttfosi prosperous season. .-
Of his largest winnings were- made at the
Aqueduct meeting.
Peter Qaflpey, a very, shrewd follower
of the -horses, is also .Oat-e arriviU. I
ihce betting; . commissioner for Ed.
PuTse'r.
Ihury Wendt, the smiling and hand
some Mock-man for George Rose, dropped
In from Chicago last night with a budget
WB. ii.- says "English Bill" Jaek
iiwii is' $4".-..ai ahead of the. game aad
Wfi.rs a diamond on his scarf as large :ls
h hie i)U'-k>-t. He is now ■ at the
Benninga meet and will visa England be
returoing here. Joe Fli.se. while he
i bave a very successful season. lay -
Ing odds, "bucked the tiger" and rou
wheel wi'.li great success, winning thou
sands at Saratoga. He also placed $3000
on the. chances of Jeffries beating the
sail"r. Henry" stated that he saw Barney-,
at Chicago, and the "Genial
German," Bald he-h ad, secured a. contract
for Bullman's services. Sehr«Mber is. n<>w
or. his way to California.
Among the horses in Fred -Foßter'S
string quartered at Oakland track i-s Sull
r<iss. The old mudlark- is n^w 12 years old.
•Andy Blakeley \\lll be he.re' in a day or
two with Lady- Meddlesome, Tillo and
three or- four- others. Tillo before break
ing down was a high-class racer. ■
• In yesterday's fusillade at" Tanforan
Hoft'mai. & Cook lost WOO: Harlan &. C 0.
-,-$1700; John Humphrey, $900;- Billy Lang.
ford, $900; 7>l<^e G'-tz. ■ $t*s'>, and. Colonel
Applegate, $9(X». Hoffman &Co. were, also
on the wrong side, but . Johrinny Coleman.
managed to break about even.
To- Day's Entries.
First race—Five furlongs: two-year-olds.
EClckumbob ..-. LOS ' 2:<2 .Sardine : '...118
... Kcg'ld Hughes, .'.in 280 Silver Tall.; 105
2"i2 Druidess' TOS .
■d race -Five .ar.d a half furlongs; sell-'
1 ree-year-olds and upward.
153 Yiile I ...104
t» Ui'ming Chance. B8 (2s9)Monda '..mi
3^3 Kotnian !>9 .'. . Personne ...I<H
301 Karl I»linKton...l"2 fe,,.
Tfilrd rare— One mile and a sixteenth; selling;
three-year-olds and upward. • ' •
... I^-na 109 SOS Judge Wofford..9g
I liter I>-e 08} 801 Bt. Aignon lOit
... Etostmore 19) ... Major B 107
in Carlo* 107 ■'278 ii. n. Morris 109
blller iu7|
Fourth race -six furlongs;- selling; three
year-olds and upward. .
Rloardo . Bausu : .102
2!' l Fliitnaway 101 Ml Pa( Murphy 102
... Torlblo 101 306 Coda UH
Fifth race— Five and a half furlongs; selling;
three-year->ilds and upward.
Rio Chico l"0 i2'U)Mocorito no
(2i»l)Pot"nte Vn (260) Aluminum ...... 104
. destar I'M 247 1 Punt Know I'ii-t
21 P. A. Flnnegan.l"7
Sixth race — One mile? all ages.
108 My Gypsy «7 tW Ostler Joe 115
2M ( ninthiis ]^3 (28«)Meadowthorpe 115
302 Zoroaster U'B
Selections for To-Day.
First race-Sardine, Druidess. Kickumbob.
Second race— Yule, BCODda, Earl Islington.
Third race— O. . B. Morris. Schiller, St.
Algnon.
(fourth rac*— Toribio, Ballsta. Coda.
Flftli race— Pot.'nte, Mocorlto, Rio Chico.
Sixth race— M»Bdowthorpe, Olinthus, My
Gypsy.
Neither Gets the Decision.
LBADVILLE, Cok>:.N6v. 13.— Tom Mo
rfarity pf Boston and Walter Nolan of
Chlcapo fought twenty rounds to-night
to a draw. Moriarity was the agg-ressor
all through, but Nolan was shifty and by
clever dodging and footwork * escaped
serious punishment. Kid • Parker has
challenged the winner and It Is probable
that Moriarity will meet him.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL. TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 14. 1899.
JACK ROOT. "
CLEVER BOXERS WHO MEET IN A TWENTY-ROUND BOUT.
• » LEX. GREGC-AINS, who has had many' important ring engagements in this city, will- meet "jack" Root'of'Chi-
A cago in Woodward's Pavilion to-morrow. night. Root cornea with a record of over twen.ty victories In the- ring and
LI lias been already installed a strong favorite in the betting: Both men have trained well and are expected to make
ii an interesting bout. The match is being handled by the Western Athletic Club.
BOXERS ARE
READY FOR
THE ARENA
Greggains and Root Will Meet
To - Mcrrow Night in
Woodward^ Pavilion.
"Jack" Root. of Chicago and Alex Greg
gains, the pride of the south side, will
meet In the Woodwards Pavilion arena
to-morrow night in a twenty -round box
ing bout. Greggalns is a well-known- fig
ure among the sportsmen of this
while .Root is a stranger here. That his
reputation as a boxer preceded hini is evi
denced by the fact that he has been ln.-
Btalled a warm favorite in the betting;.
Ten to 6 was the price yesterday at Harry
Corbett's, with plenty of money offered by
the admirers of Root.
Root's following is chiefly among the
Eastern horsemen who have seen him
perform repeatedly and fancy his chances
against his opponent, lie will be at a
disadvantage In height, weight end reach,
but the disparity between the men is not
sufficiently marked to affect the outcome.
The Chicagoan Is 5 feet 10$ i inches in
height ana will scale 158 pounds in the
ring to-morrow night. He is in the best
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
TANFORAN PARK. Monday. November 13, 1899 —Eighth day of the
Winter Meeting of the Western Turf Association. Weather cloudy. Track
muddy. . ■
PHOTOGRAPHS BY THORS.
possible condition, but will not have any
advantage over Greggalns on that score:
Rout trained at Cralls' Garden, Alameda,
and has been on the road every morning,
no .matter what the weather conditions
may have be«n. In the afternoon he has
worked in the gymnasium with his
trainer, Fred Steiner, and with "Jack"
Weedy of Denver.
He has done no boxing for some days
past, as he did not want to risk injuring
his hands. He worked off his superfluous
energy on the punching bag, his blows rer
sounding for some distance.
Out of twenty-two ring engagements
Root has knocked out -sixteen of bis op
ponents and secured the decision in five
other bouts. Among his opponents have
been "Jack" Moffat, •'Tom" Lansing,
"■Jim" Watts-. "Jack" Murphy, Australian
"Jimmy" Ryan, Harry Peppers. "Billy"
Stlft and the Harlem Coffee Cooler.
Althuugh Greg-gains has not been in the
ring for some time, he has not lacked
practice. He boxes in the gymnasium of
the San Francisco Athletic Club nearly
every day in the year with a variety of
men. To finish his preparation properly
he has spent ten days at Blanken's Six
Mile House, where all the facilities re
quired in training are available. .
The preliminaries promise some good
boxing. Fred Ast will try conclusions
with "Jack" Weedy of Denver. The lat
ter is not a clever boxer, but he is strong
and willing, and can take a lot of punish
ment. From Asts earlier fights he should
be able to administer considerable punish
ment. The other brace of boxers Is made
up of "Jack" Ennts and Toby Irwin.
Greggalns and Root met last night in
Manager lamik'u resort for the purpose
of choosing a refefee for their contest,
which will be held to-morrow evening. A
number of w> 11 -known sporting men were
mentioned, but no selection was made. On
ALEX GKEGGAIN'S
arriving at the place of meeting the pu
gilists "sized" eath o.ther up,- and after
shaking hands each remarked that the
other looke<l well, on coming down to
business Hiram -Cook's naxne was men
id not find favor in Greg
gains'- eyes, and in turn Alec .said that
"Jim" McDonald, the baseball' umpire,
would suit him, but Root balked. Phil
Wand and other experts were mentioned,
but neither man could agre.;. "Big Hill"
Lange, the well-known baseball player,
was suggested, and Greggains said he
would be satisfied if he were -chosen. Root
declared that he would nqt .express his
opinion on Lange until ho had telegraph
ed his managi r. Lou Houseman, the well
known s^ortiiiK writer. Manager Long
grew tired ; of the discussion an£ pointedly I
told the men that he was in the habit of
pulling off "goes" on time and' that if
they had not agreed . on a referee on the
night, of the contest he would take off his
coat, get into the ring andreferee it him
self. Sportijig men In general would be
pleased if Long : would carry out this
threat, as they have the utmost confidence
in him.
Harry Corbett, the poolselW, will leave
her.- on Thursday for New- York. The
trip is purely for pleasure and he will see
all there is to be soon in the line of sports
during his absence.
RACING STOCK SHIPPED.
Mrs. Stanford Sends Thoroughbreds
to New York to Sell.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Nov. 13.-
Superintendent Covey of the Stanford
Stock. Farm shipped six carloads of racing
stock from the farm to-day. The ship
ment required nil the thoroughbreds on
the ranch, about fifty-six horses and
twenty-six head nf young trotting stock.
Mrs. Stanford bus decided not to keep any
more thoroughbreds on the ranch, but
will devote her time entirely to raising
trotters. Among the thoroughbreds in to
day's shipment are Flamboau (1:39U) and
Racine 0:39%), both of which held the
world's record at one time, and Fairy
Rose, one of the most famous dams ever
bred in California. Among the trotting
stock is Elmo, who recently worked out
a quarter in thirty-seven .seconds. The
horsos will be Mken direct to New York
and will be sold at public auction In the
Madison Squarrt Garden onNovember 24.
Fight to a Draw.
SYRACrSE, N. T., Nov. 13.— Tommy
Dixon of Rochester and nilly Ryan of
Syracuse to-night fought a twenty-round
draw before the '"cntral City Athletic
Club. In the richth rminii Ryan had
Dixon polngr. but the Rochepter boy
braced up after the fifteenth round, and
his stiff defense In the ia. c t rounds kept
the decision from pomp to Ryan.
g* <pl ____ Wool ILo at S)o* '^
Besides the price there is another dif- ffl
X ference between these suits and those j
W you buy at $12.50 at good retail stores. J
W$ It's this We have a wholesale assortment m
m and can guarantee to fit you. v*
Another special : $12.50 overcoats—
also at $8.75. Suit and coat, $17.50.
| Saving over retail prices, $7.50.
♦ ♦♦♦♦♦-
I No Middlemen's Profits. I
■«-«- i
&Ast
MERCED IS
THE MECCA
OF LEASHMEN
i hirty-TwoDog Stake for the
Interstate Coursing Club's
Annual Meeting.
A large party of coursing men will
leave here this morning for Merced for
the annual open meeting of the Interstate
Coursing Club. The stake closed with
thirty-two entries as against forty-four
last year. This falling off. in view of the
large number of dogs in training, is ac
counted for on the ground that owners
have increased - opportunities for running
their greyhounds for valuable purses In
the three parks now in operation in and
near this city. . - "■ f
The quality of the entries is high class,
although few men care to trust valuable
dogs in. th© open plains where they may
run- until permanently injured. The ma
jority of the coursing men will leave here
this, morning on the 9 o'clock train.
Coursing will be commenced to-morrow
and concluded on Thursday. The draw
suited as follows:
Handy & Smith's Jennie' Wilson vs. H. De-
Vine's Jesse Moore; Hall & Newell'a Nonpareil
vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal* Anne; J. Kerrigan's
Lightfool vs. J. O'Dowd'a Clifton Lass: George
l.uhns.-n 1 ? Fireball vs. X, K. Malcolm's Bona
Dea; P. .J. Reilly's Blackhawk vs. Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead; Pasha Kennels" Kest
Assured vs. T. J. Cronin'a Depend on Me; C.
C. Griswold names Victor vs. Handy 4:
Smith's Ida; Hall & Newell's Clara Barton vs.
Hairy Miller's Hazel L; J. Dean's Gladiator
vs. H. E. de B. Lopez' Sara;. J. Dean's Belle
of Anderson vs. J. H. Perigo's Lady Daven
port; Hall & Newell; a Rough Rider vs. Sterl
& Knowles' Rusty Gold; J. H. Perigo's Belle
Sewardvs. E. M. Kellogg's Lady Gilmore;
Pasha Kennels'- Rollicking Airs vs. J. Hurley's
O. K. Capitol: Hall & Newell's Sunollte vs. A.
L. Austin's Firm Foe;' Erwin '&. Lyons' May
Queen vs. R. K. de' B. Lopez' Green Valley
Maid; Edwin Hood's Dempsey Lass vs. I. F.
Hal-ton's Tic Tac. ' -,•.':
After the draw the members of the club
went to a restaurant, where covers were
laid for fifty for the annual banquet.
President I. F. Halton acted as toast
master and responses 'were' made by Judge
Grace, who spoke for a continuance of
.the annual meeting on the plains of Mer
ced; J. P. Cooper, George Van Bergen,
R. i-:. de B. Lopez, Peer Tiffany and
others. Songs were rendered by William
O'Brien, W. J. Hynes and Gerald Goggin.
•Among those in attendance were:
I. F. Halton, J. H. Halton, George Van Ber
gen. JuJge John Grace, Douglas Erskine,
Georsre Bfalcqm, R. K. Malcom, William
O'Brien, W. J. Hynes, R. E. de B. Lopez,
William de B. Lodcz, P. A. McDonald, Joha
Purcell, J. R. Dickson, Gerald Goggln, Cleve
Bates, Morris Kramer. John P. Cooper. Hod.
Hlnchman, James F. Grace, William Manning,
Henry Fleming, M. S. Johnson, Peer Tiffany,
Teddy Hood, Henry Klevesahl, AI Austin,
Fred H<>rrln, J. M. Halton. M. Nealon, Harry
. Thorr.us Barry. William Nolan and J.
C. Klein.
The officers- of. the club are: President, I. F.
Halton; first vice president, R. E. de B. Lopez;
second vice president. R. K. Malcnm; treas
urer, S. W. Smith; secretary. R- L>. Taylor.
Executive committee — John H. Halton; James T.
Rosseter, C. C. Griswold, A. L. Austin, J. R.
Dickson.
To Stop Market Hunters.
"WOODLAND, Nov. 13.— At the next
meeting: of the Board of Supervisors an
ordinance will be Introduced the purpose
of which is to prevent market hunters
from killing ducks in the Yolo marshes
and shipping them to the San Francisco
market.
"Muldoon's Cyclone" Knocked Out.
TROY, N. V., Nov. 13.— Charlie Goff,
middle-weight champion of the Pacific
Coast, knocked out Morris, "Muldoon's
Cyclone," in three rounds at the Manhat
tan Athletic Club in this city to-nig-ht.
MOLINEUX TO BE
TRIED FOR MURDER
Son of the Well-Known General Must
Answer to the Charge of Having
Killed Mrs. Adams.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.— The trial of Ro
land B. Molineux for the murder of Mrs.
Katherine J. Adams will be begun to-mor
row in the Court of General Sessions.
"This ("iso must be tried a-s soon as pos
sible." said District Attorney Gardner. "If
Molineux is puilty hr will be convicted,
and if he is innocent he will be acquitted,
as all lopal forma fan be compiled with.'
If he should be acquitted there will be no
one more pleased tnan I, because of my
Vnp friendship with his father, General
Molineux."
Worth Bagley's Mother Pensioned.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— A pension of
$15 a month was granted to-day by Com
missioner Evans to Adelaide W. Bapley.
mother of Lieutenant Worth Bapley, who
was killed in the war with Spain.
.. ADVERTISEMENTS.
(iIVENTWAY!
100,000 WATCHES!
We have Just received the first shipment of,
our contract for 100,000 watches. All those hold-
ing checks will please present them and get a
watch.
These watches are guaranteed for ONE
TEAR. If you should get one that does not
keep time return it and get another in its
place.
Every boy and girl should, have a watch
when can be had. for nothing.
We have four styles of Watches.
One given with a. 91!* purchase
One with a S2O purchase
One with a SSi2."» purchase
And one with a $3O purchase
We. have the largest store and the largest
stock of
BOOTS and
SHOES
On the Pacific Coast to select from. ALL
■ STYLES. Ladies' shoes from 51..-.O to §7.00
per pair and men's shots from $2.1 >O to $S.OO
per pair.
■ Like the watches, if not satisfactory, return
them and get your -money back.
You have nothing to lose and all to gain by
dealing with us.
If you do not need sufficient shoes to get a
watch ask your • friends to save their cash
checks for you.
SEE OUR WINDOWS
OR
SEND FOR OUR NEW CATALOGUE.
NOLAN EROS.,
PHELAN BUILDING,
812-814 MARKET STREET.
', ♦©♦©♦o<3>o<»o<S>o<3>o«-0<&0«-0<»0«>0^0*>
I VICHY IS HEALTHFUL! §
' ♦WHcfflHa M ntALInrUL! '»
' ♦ Of A Natural Mineral Water 5
O gE with medicinal qualities, O
o Jm& or Indigestion and ° .
'■ o 4 SjtfP* Stomach Disorders, o
; 0 ffsSMk So-called VICHY I
% ffIJEBW IN SIPHONS %
° j/ichy^ knot VICHY I
o -WQ^M. Get the Genuine £
SBM YUpIBT
.), '" " ' »
! Hi!#iiH f
$ A. VIGNIER, Distributing Agent %
♦©♦©♦©♦o*o^o<»o<«>o<S>o«.o*9<B>o<»o*
AUCTION
BY'
YON RHEIN & CO.,
; 513 California Street,
! Thursday, Nov. 16, 1899,
At 12 M. Sharp.
VAN NESS AYE. ARTISTIC HOME.
25x100—2022 Van Ness. S. of Pacific; 12-room
; house; the most artistic front In the city;
owner leaves country.
NEAR ELLIS AND LEAVEXWORTH;
RENTS $130.
83x56 — 1-8 Cohen place, off Ellis, W. of Lear-
en worth: 8 modern flats; reduced present rent
$130; 5 minutes' walk from Market st.
•'•■ HANDSOME HATES-ST. DWELU2CG.
25x75 — 1307 Hayes; 8 rooms and bath; 2 car
lines; key lot; sunny; attractive home; needs
to be seen to be appreciated.
CORNER LEAVENWORTH AND BROAD-
WAY; RENTS $38.
40x68 — S. E. cor. Leavenworth and Broadway;
2 houses; rents $3S; sold without limit by order
of referee; 1624-1626 Leavenworth; 1131 Broad-
way.
CORNER GOUGH AND PINE.
33x81— Irregular; 1799 Pine; 8. E. cor. of Plna
and Gough- choice neighborhood, adjoining
home of J. F. Kennedy Esq., and facing home
of M J. McDonald Esq.
OCTAVIA CORNER. NEAR MARKET AND
HAIGHT.
87:6x60— N. W. cor. Octavia and Rose; 151 to
155 Octavia; 3 dwellings: rents $90.
CALIFORNIA-ST. HOME; RENTS $30.
22:6x57:6— 5. line of California, 70 feet E.
of Pierce; 2527 California; cosey 7-room modern
dwelling.
11 LOTS. FOUNTAIN. NEAR TWENTY-
FIFTH ST.
N. "W. cor. Fountain and Twenty-fifth sts.— ll
lots, with corner 35x100; rest 25x100 and 25x110;
as a whole or in lots.
NOE, S. OF NINETEENTH. 7 LOTS.
174x125— West line of Noe, S of Nineteenth st.;
as a whole or in 7 lots; a number of new
buildings in this block are sold and occupied.
FREDERICK. NEAR COLE.
25x137:6— for a dwelling or flats; S.
line of Frederick, ISO west of Cole.
GUERRERO-ST. DWELLING.
24:6x125—1321 Guerrero. E. line, 251 ft. S. of
Twenty-fifth; 9 rooms and bath; modern;
Twenty-fifth st, now runs through from San
Jose aye.
2 80-VARA. KEARNY AND LOMBARD.
275 on Kearny, 137:6 on Lombard. 137:6 on
Chestnut; whole or In divisions; 4 old houses;
large demand for cheap homes in that neigh-
borhood. r .-.•'"
STYLISH DWELLING; RENT $55.
22:6x107:6— N0. 1917 Vallejo. W. of Octavia:
10-room modern home; marine view; rent $55.
MAKE PERFECT MEN
SIJO SOT DEBPAIK : DonotSuf
fer Longer! The joys and ambit of
life can be restored to you. The very
worst cases of > ervoui l>ehll it v ai •
absolutelT cured by PEBFt'CI'O
TABLETS. Give prompt relief to in-
somnia, failing memory and thr waste
and drain of vital powers, incurred lv
indiscretions or excesses of early years.
Impart vigor and potency to every func-
tion. Brace up the system. Give ,^aßk bloom to the
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of^^TN young or o:i.
One Me box renews vital energy. f»llj 6 boxes at
*2. 50 a complete guaranteed cure Trfs?T c "* money re
funded. Can be carried In vest >«*»*' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt o{
price by TUB PERFEITO CO., Caxton Bliig., Chicago, Hi!
Bold by Owl Drue Co.. S. F. and Oakland.
1899-TAXES--1899
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
first Installment of Real Estate raxes and all
unpaid Personal Property Taxes will be delin-
quent and 15 per cent added on MONDAY.
November 27. at C o'clock p. m.
NO CHECKS RECEIVED AFTER SATUR-
DAY EVENING, NOVEMBER IS
OFFICE OPEN FRIDAY AND SATURDAY
EVENINGS. November 24 and 25. from 7 to J
o'clock.
EDWARD I. SHEEHAN,
Tax Collector of, the City and County of Saa
Francisco. iR/v-
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA GREAT RESTOXiATIVE. INVIGOR-V-
-» tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
T ° n . lo i° r the Sexual Organs of both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the KM-
»eys and Bladder. Sells on its own Merita.
... « NABER, ALFS & BKUNE. , Agents.
123 Market street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.!NEWS OF OUR SOLDIERS IN CAMP AND FIELD
SOLDIERS THE
VICTIMS OF A
CRUEL JOKE
Solution of the Pre
sidio Poisonings.
PERPETRATORS ARE KNOWN
CROTON OIL POURED IN THE
COFFEE.
The Conspirators to Be Arrested To-
Day— Will Be Sent Over to Al
catraz Island to
Repent.
The members of Company X, Forty
second R-giment, were not poisoned by
diseased beef as many were inclined to
believe) but were the victims of what two
cf their comrades, who were guilty of the
outrage, thought was a "good joke."
Anxious to have ■ me "fun" with their
fellow-soldiers two privates of Company
X, whose names the military authorities
at present refuse to divulge! conceived the
diabolical scheme of placing croton oil In
the coffee" "just to see how -.; would act
on them," as one of the men expressed it.
Friday evening two soldiers, who are
under suspicion as being the perpetrators
of tho outrage, visited a drug store at
Clay and Fillmore streets and asked for
an "ounce bottle of croton oil. . ■ .irug
gist. suspecting something wrong, refused
to serve them. The soldiers at once left
the place and visited several other drug
stores in the immediate vicinity, but
without succeeding In purchasing the
oil It is known that they subsequently
boardtd a downtown car and alighted
at California and Dupout streets. < \olng
to a drug store in the tenderloin district
they had little trouble in purchasing a
sufficient quantity of the deadly oil. To
several friends they exhibited the vial of
oil and unfolded their scheme to "job"
their regiment. Alter returning to the
l'residio they discussed the, most feasible
plan to administer the oil to their com
rades and finally agreed to place it in the
coffee. Just before the morning mess was
served the conspirators stealthily entered
the kitchen, and while one of them en
gaged the cook in conversation the other
dumped the contents of the ounce bottle
Into the coffee-pot. A few minutes later
breakfast was served, together with the
poisoned coffee. Those who had partaken
of the drugged coffee a short time after
ward were seized with violent cramps and
fits of nausea. Altogether sixty non
commissioned officers and privates were
made sick by drinking the coffee. They
were, hurried to the post hospital and
were first treated for strychnine poison
ing. Gradually it dawned upon the
doctors that the unfortunate soldiers had
partaken of coffee dosed with croton oil,
and they so notified the commanding
cilicer. "He ordered a thorough investiga
tion and threatened to have the perpe
trators of the cruel outrage court-mar
tialed. Yesterday the officers who were
commissioned to inquire into the poison-
Ing of the member? of the Forty-second
Regiment visited several drug stores in
the Western Addition in the hope of ob
taining at least a description of the
Fnldiers who wanted to buy croton oil.
They afterward visited the drug stores in
the tendrrlni;i district and succeeded in
learning in what store the deadly oil was
lioutrht. To-day the two men will be for
mally eharerpd with the crime and taken
before a court-martial. The officers of
the regiment have no hesitancy in saying
that if they are convicted' they are
doomed to long imprisonment at Alcatraz.
The soldiers who were poisoned are all
out of danger and will recover. They are
very hitter against the men who perpe
trated th^- so-callr-d jnkr. and threaten to
make it very Interesting for them when
their identity is made known.
"NATIONALS'" REORGANIZING.
Companies C and G, N. G. C, Now
Being Mustered In.
Thr- reorganization of companies C and
the Xatior.nl >',v.;r I fornia
rganization known as the
nals" Is being rapidly effected and
in a few day? I ■ r rolls will be
to Briga . il Warfieid
to the Adjutant General at B
by law. T,nst night
ting was held in the
at which a number
•' the two companies
rved with ('ompanles C
Flrsi California \ olunteer
ova uf affil
; themselves with the re-established
nals, wei The meeting
.er by < laptain E. < '. Sut
ny <;. who announced that
its •' ■;• nearly all ready to for
•■> the proper authorities. 1 Seventy-
Bigneo in Company C and s<_-v
--wirli Company <;. and more signa
ming. The two com
■ mostly made up of members
■ • • regiment and a number
■;its.
il arrangements .is to th* manner
•ing the Kirs: Regfment, N. G. C,
■ til after the meeting of
■ i regimental officers whir 1 ! has
I bj Colonel Duboce for Thursday
■ ■ . . street Armory.
Th> members of the Na
. 1898, were a — oted as
ii •>.- : ga nlzation. Those
• ■ : with the volunteers were di
: the general command
e Second Brigade, N. G. C. This
. I them as active mem
ild companies. A!l others,
or about t i Join, put
r api ns at the meeting, when
. on and mustered in
with ■
rganization of companies F and
i. progress ar.d meetings will
eir. headquarters In the Bills
Armory this evening, when mus
tering in will tak^ place.
BUDWEISER Beer
has been ron.'umed by thn American public
to the extent of over half a billion bottles.
Mnr* tlmn any other bottled beer in th<> world.
Ma«le exrluslvply by the Anheuser-Busch Brew
ing A?s - r.
GONE TO SEARCH FOR
MISSING SURVEYORS
Expedition Sets Out From Los An-
geles to Look for Men Lost
Along the Gulf Shore.
LOS ANGEL 18. Fred W.
of ttiis city Is organizing an ex
go in search of the four Ixis
Angelas men who were tost in the Gulf
week ago. He will start
- ins to Ashfork and
then* • Sonora by the quickest
go prepared to make an
exhau h. The four men were
■'. .'i party of eleven surveyors
who were making a preliminary survey
from Fume t< San Jorg< on the Gulf.
the shore in a yawl
lablish a camp, and have not been
Mr. Marsh Is one of the orlg-
He returned to thia
city after I • r the four men, one
f whom was Lhe chief surveyor, Colonel
Btocker, Ano-hei was David Tnruh. a
■ ; I uruh, manager of E. J.
Baldwin's ran'-h at Arcadia.
GUILTY OF ARSON.
Stockton Firebug Convicted and
Other Arrests Promised.
OCKTON. N'>v. 13. Jack Breen, at
. nt sentenced for burglary, was to
round guilty of" arson Cor having set
on fire the Farmers' Union Warehouse two
ago. It Is rumored that Breen had
ccompllee, or perhaps a superior in
work, and further prosecutions are
promised.
EIGHT THOUSAND MEN
REVIEWED BY MILES
Reviewing Officers Saluting the Colors of the Forty-Fourth.
IT was worth the risk of rain to go'
out to the Presidio hills yesterday
morning to -the review. There has
been nothing like it in the mili
tary history of the coast, and It will
be long before such a force of men
under arms will be seen here again.
Eight thousand men marched past
the commanding general; seven bands
thrilled the air with their most mar
tial music and guns thundered forth
their boisterous welcome to the chief
of chiefs.
Where on other days the peaceful
golf player wields his "welties" was
yesterday marked off by guidons and
patrolled by cavalrymen from the
time the first spectator arrived until
the field was in possession of the
troops. They made a formidable ar
ray. The line was long and deep,
stretching from the beginning of the
rise up over the hill and down on
the other side until the horses of the
light batters were hidden from view.
The line faced almost east and back
from its front, rank upon .rank,
twelve companies deep, the regi
ments were formed-. The companies
stood ejose, but even then the last of
each regiment was far down in the
hollow. It was as close a formation
as the tactics allow, but close as It
was the troops seemed to fill the hill
side.
On the right was the first battalion
of the Third Artillery, regular troops,
under command of Colonel Rawles.
Then on up over the hill were the
Fortieth, under Colonel Godwin; the
Forty-fourth, under Colonel McCler
i.and; the Thirty-eighth, under Colo
nel Anderson; the Forty-sixth, under
Colonel Schuyler; the Forty-fifth, un
der Colonel Dorst; the Forty-second,
under Lieutenant Colonel Beacon,
and Light Battery C of the Third Ar
tillery, under Captain Califf. The
regiments were drawn up side by
Bide and as close together as possible,
each company dressed on its neigh
bors to the fraction of a foot. In
front Colonel 11. B. Freeman of the
Twenty-fourth infantry waited with
his big command the coming of the
reviewing officers.
General Shafter came first, rollowed
by his staff, and thinking It was Gen
eral Miles Captain Callfl got to work
and soon the crest of the hill was
plumed with smoke and tongues of
flame and the field guns were play
ing a riotous tune. It was not until
BRUTAL CONDUCT
OF A DRUNKEN
PROVOST GUARD
Jabs a Soldier With
His Bayonet.
J. H. Willis, a soldier at the Presidio,
caused a sensation on Market street, be
tween Ellis and Powell, yesterday
morning, ami about 300 indignant citizens
who saw hifl brutal conduct wanted to
lyncli him.
Willis claims that he is a member of
Battery B. Third Artillery, and was or
dered yesterday morning to go downtown
and round up members of the Forty
sixth Infantry, as they were all to he on
board the transport for Manila in the aft
ernoon. Tt is suspected that he was on
sentry duty at the Presidio, and becom
ing thirsty started downtown without
leave to have a good time. He was not
tied In the uniform of the artillery
Battery i: la in Manila.
About 9 o'clock yesterday morning Wil
lis was marching along Market street
when ho espied two members of the For
ty-sixth coming toward him. Both were
r the Inlluence of liquor, «.nd Wiliis
w .i> several degrees worse. He had his
rifle with, him and bayonet fixed, and
when the two drunken soldiers reached
him he placid them under arrest, explain
ing that he was a provosl guard. The
two soldiers, James B. Taylor and K. B.
Horton of Company l». objected to going
With Willis, as he was very drunk, and
Willis, with sundry oaths, told them to
move on, emphasizing his command by
Jabbing Taylor with his bayonet Taylor
yelled with pain and a crowd scon gath
ered. Willis persisted In jabbing Taylor
with the bayonet, and the crowd began to
get menacing. To Bee a drunken solder
Jabbing another with a bayonet was too
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Swarm of B's
Because you have a cold. .
Because you have a cough.V**»
Because you have bronchitis.
Because your father had consumption.
Because you are thin.
Because you have no appetite.
Because you have headache.
Because you have poor digestion.
Because you cannot sleep.
Because you are nervous.
■ Because you are weak.
Duffy's Pare Malt Whiskey
will put to flight this swarm of b's.
All drueeistt »nd grocers. Avoid substitutes, they m,
danzerous. Duffy s has • proprietary sump on each bottle,
If . r dealer cannot supply you. .bottle wiU be «■«. prep> a. I
•n receipt of Sl.OO. 6 bottles for $5.00. Valuab.e book of in.
formation and testimonials seat on applicat.on.
DUFFY HALT WHISKEY CO., Rochester, N. Y. ,
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1899.
the full salute of fifteen was finished
that It was learned General Miles had
still to come, so the guns were left
unlimbered, and when he did arrive
they brukf forth again. That' is why
i he commanding general was saluted
twice.
General Miles- rode out before the
center of the column; and .then Free
man, bringing- his ponderous command
to a present, tendered the review to
General Miles.
The first business of the' reviewing
officer and his aids and attendants was
to ride around the command, starting
at the right front, up the front and
ove.r the hill to the left flank, down
the left flank, back again. behind the
line and '.to the right front ; again.
There' was General Miles ana his aid.,
colonel Michler; General Shafter, his
aid, Major Wilson, and his staff, com
• Adjutant General Babcoc.k,
Colonel Forwood, chief surgeon; Lieu
tenanl Colonel Marion P. M-uis, in-
Bpector general; Major H. J. Gal
la commissary; Major Groeshaek,
■advocate, and Captain Frank'
..•'. signal officer, and Colonel
■Freeman, commanding the review, his
aid. Lieutenant Eltinge, and his staff,
composed of Lieutenant McNair, act
int; adjutant general, and Captain
Kimball, assistant quartermaster,, and
also General .BrecklnrldKe. Inspector
i of the army. Besides these ■ ©#-
fleers there was a squad - of orderlies,
and all together they made an impos
ing body of horsemen.
TL inspection over, the reviewing
officers took their places; Colonel Free
man and his staff rode to the head of
the column and the review- started.
Miles is a sol, Her from, his choice of
a horse to his choice of a cap. He rode
nut in front of his officers, as befitting
.1 commander, and waited for the col
umn, raisins his cap as Freeman rode
past, and then joined the line of of
ficers just behind- him. In the group
were, besides the commander and
Freeman, Mak>r General Shafter and
Major General Brerkinridge. Then, as
each regiment arrived at the review
ing stand, its colonel rode out and
made a fifth.
The column seemed endless. Com
pany front, it marched past with a
regularity that would have done credit
to an eight-day clock, each regimental
turning out of column to play
while its regiment passed, and then
giving place to the succeeding one.
For an hour the men marched on, un
much for them, and if it had not been for
the opportune appearance of Policeman
George Douglass Willis would have met
with rough treatment.
Douglass, by strategy, succeeded in ob
taining -ion of Willis' rifle and
bayonet and belt of cartridges, and then
ordered the three soldiers to march in
front of. him to the patrol box at Powell
and Eddy streets, where lie rang in for
the patrol wagon. There were cries of
"Lynch him," but Willis rlur..-; to the po-
Uceman and was saved fpini .'unishment.
Taylor was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital", where three stab wounds In his
shoulder and arm and under his arm pit
were stitched and dressed. He and Hor
ton were detained In the City Prison fill
taken to the Presidio, and a charge- of
drunk was booked against Willis. Cap
tain Seymour notified the authorities at
thf» Presidio as soon as the men were
taken to the prison.
BIG LUMBER COMBINE.
All Interests in the Boundary Coun-
try Consolidated.
ROSSI/AND, B. C, Nov. 13.— Efforts
have been made for several months to
consolidate all the lumber interests in
that part of the Kootenal district known
.■is Boundary. It in now announced that
this plan of consolidation nas been carried
through to successful culmination and
that in the development of this scheme
every lumber mill in the Boundary coun
try. :is well as all valuable limber sites In
cluded in thfi area of that region, has' been
secured by G. O. Buchanan. It is stated
that Buchanan will endeavor to control
the timber industry in that part of Koo-
These lumber Interests which he
has just acquired are said to be valued at
$1,000,0
TROOPS MAY SUFFER.
Clothing for Alaska Soldiers Prob-
ably Not Received.
SEATTLE. Nov. 13.— 1t is feared that
the Government stores of winter clothing
consigned to the two companies of mili
tary at Fort Gibbon (Weare), on. the Yu
kon, will not reach the troops this win
ter, in which case the men will suffer se
verely. It Is believed the goods reached
St. Michael too late to be sent up the
river, but if the clothes are badly needed
It is expected that the Government will
send relief.
Petition of Nome Miners.
SEATTLE. Nov. 13.— A mass meeting of
Cape Nome prospectors was hold here to
day to sign a memorial to the Oonpr»-ss
mon of this State askinK them to use their
Influence to have the size of Alaskan
pl.ii er claims reduced to SOO feet square,
nnd that locating by power of attorney be
forbidden. The prayer was signed by over
one hundred names.
Named Police Commissioner.
I.OS ANGELES, Nov. 13.— A. C. Day,
real eetate dealer, was appointed by the
City Council to serve on the new police
board this morning. The Mayor still re
fuses to recognise the new board and the
Council does not recognize the former
board, which it deposed. The matter will
have to be settled in the courts.
Switchman Run Over.
IX)S ANOEI.ES, Nov. 13.— John S. Rob
erts, a switchman in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Railway, was run over
by it freight car this mornlncr in the yards
at River Station and his leX was so badly
crushed that amputation was necessary
Just how the unfortunate man pot under
the car is not known.
Body in the River.
SACRAMENTO. Nov. 13.— The crew of
the. river steamer San Jacinto report hav
ing found the body of a man floating in
tho stream opposite the mouth of the
Feather River. The body is supposed to
be that of one of the Dover's crew,
drowned about three weeks ago.
til the swing, of their feet became a
mental irritation. The ground was
soft and the footing was good, and the
company line that had a crook in it
was poof indeed. Tt -was the same
thing, men and men and men, until
the wonder was who were left to fill
the watching crowds.
Last in the column was the light
battery. Its black horses and scarlet
saddle. blankets. always look well, and
they, looked the better yesterday for
the number of foot troops that had
marched before them. The light bat
tery ended the parade, and by the time
it had passed most of the column had
made. its way back to the post.
'Afterthe review General Miles, Mrs.
Miles and Miss Miles, and General
Shatter, were the guests of Colonel
Freeman at luncheon, and during the
■afternoon there was a reception to
them at Colonel Freeman's house at
the Presidio, to which all the officers
and ladies of the post were bidden.
It was- at first intended that the
Forty-sixth Regiment should not
take part in the parade, but Instead
should march to the transport dock
and embark for Manila, but at the
last moment it was decided that it,
too, should be made part of the re
view, as it would in any event hive
to wait until to-day for the Forty
fifth, whi^h is billed to sail at the
same- time.
• BV/YTHE- GENUINE- MAN FD- BY
V XV. CAb. *».
The Forty-eighth Infantry, one of
the two colored regiments of the sec
ond call, was expected to arrive at the
Oakland mole last night. It will be at
the Presidio before to-night in any
event. The Forty-ninth, the second
colored regiment, will follow It within
a day or two.
The Nevada' Cavalry was enter
tained by the local troop of the Na
tional Guard last evening at a ball
given in Hoover Hall. It was a most
enjoyable affair
Acting Assistant Surgeon Thomas
W. Bath returned from Manila on the
transport Indiana and has been as
signed to duty at the General Hos
pital.
Acting Assistant Surgeon James D.
Miller has. been ordered to proceed to
his home, Dcs Moines, lowa, his con
tract having been annulled.
Major Harry B. Mulford, Thirty
ninth Infantry, has been ordered to
proceed to Manila on the transport
Ohio to join his regiment. Major Mul
ford was the- colonel of the Nebraska
volunteers.
■First Lieutenant Alfred V. Brown,
Forty-fourth Infantry, has been or
dered to appear before the examining
board to be examined as to his fitness
to remain in the service.
Captain William S. Graves, Twen
tieth Infantry, lias been assigned to
duty with the recruits at the Presidio.
DEWEY OPPOSED
TO EXCLUSION
Favors Chinese Admis
sion to Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— Whether Chi
nese exclusion should be applied to the
Philippines is among the subjects engag
ing the attention of the Philippine Com
mission. Considerable evidence bearing
on the matter has been collected and be
sides presenting this testimony with their
full report, it is expected that a recom
mendation will have considerable influ
ence in shaping the course of this Gov
ernment and the action of Congress. It is
understood that two members of the com
mission—Messrs. Denby and Worcester
have expressed themselves as favorable
to an application of the Chinese exclu
sion act to the Philippines. From the
fact that General Otis has issued an or
der for Chinese exclusion, it is asserted
that his voice as a member of the com
mission also would be Tor Chinese exclu
sion in the Philippines.
The position of Admiral Dewey, how
ever, is understood to be favorable to Chi
nese admission. While this personal view
of the admiral has been expressed to
friends, it is not known whether he would
give tt offlcfe.l expression in case all his
colleagues on the commission favored a
recommendation of exclusion. The atti
tude of President Schurman has not been
made known even in an informal way.
The exclusion question is involved to
some extent with the inquiries which the
Lnited Slates is now making of other
powers as to the maintenance of an open
door policy in China.
It was stated to-day in an authoritative
diplomatic quarter that in case the United
States adopts a permanent policy of Chi
nese exclusion in. the Philippines there is
llttre doubt such a course would cause
China to be less friendly in her co-ope
ration with the plans of the United States
to extend our trade in the empire.
DEWEY NOT ANNOYED
BY GOTHAM CROWDS
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Admiral Dewey
and wife breakfasted to-day at S:3O
o'clock ;n their apartments at the Wal
dorf-Astoria and two hours later left the
hotel for a walk. In compliance with the
request made by the admiral on Satur
day he was not molested in any way and
the enthusiastic persons who recognized
him on Fifth avenue contented tliom
selves with saluting: and passing on. The
admiral leturned all salutes by raising
his hat and Mrs. Dewey bowed. The
couple walked up Fifth avenue to the
Plaza and through Central Park to Six
ty-fourth r.treet. At that point they
were confronted by a group of nurse
girls and tneir charges and turned back,
leaving the park by the Sixth avenue en
trance.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Southern Pacific |
OIL
1^ and Improvement Co. J
If you contemplate in- |
vestment in oil it will I
pay you well to first |
call at our office and |
investigate for yourself i
our advantages. |
OFFICEI H
132 MARKET ST. I
Room 13. i|
EQUITABLE
oil company.
Land Located In the Very Center of
OIL BELT IN KERN COUNTY.
Surrounded by Flowing Well*.
Midway Between
Coalinga and McKittrick Districts.
160 ACRES.
Title United States Patent.
Limited quantity of Treasury Stock now lor
•ale for development purposes only at
ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE.
No further stock will be offered except at an
ADVANCE IN PRICE.
Stock listed on California Oil Exchange.
Office 405 Montgomery St., Room 5
San Francisco, Cal.
nilHTlinr Plles and an Rectal
111 IBM 1 111 diseases cured or no
KIIHI I I X I" P a >' ■ No detention
ill 111 ri I from business. DRS.
I 1 1 1 I LI MANSFIELD & POR-
■* VI ■ */!»!■ TERFIELD, 838 Mar-
ket st.. San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
JW Steamers leave Broadway
Wahrii— wharf, San Francisco:
♦83 aSRk For Alaskan ports, 10 a.
IBFtWVfe m - Nov - 2 < 7 - 12 - ". 22. n.
HLNefiKa Dec - 2 > change at Seattle.
I ifll&QK^el 01 " Victoria. Vancouv-r
Qmmßl (B. C). Port Townsend.
l^^^^w HU attle. Tacoma. Everett. An«
acortes and New Whatcon*
(Wash.), 10 a. m.. Nov. I. 7.
12. 17. 22. 27: Dec. 2. an<f
every fifth day thereafter: change at SeattU
to this company's steamers for Alaska and
G. N. Ry.: at Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Not.
6. 10, 15. 20. 25, *0; Dec. S, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon.
Cayucos, Port Harford (Pan Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme,
Ban Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Anseien) and
Newport. » a. m.. Nov. 4, 8. 12. 16. 20. 24. 28;
Dec 2 and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Rednndo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
in.; Nov. 2. 6. 10, 14. IS. 22. 26. 30: Dec. 4, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada, Mag-dalena Bay. Fan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain company
The' company reserves the rlßht to chants
without previous notice, steamers, sailing dates
- r fl ),A,,r. of «nlllne.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. t&rt CO. a G.n^Agt^
THE 9. R. * H. CO.
BISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spenr-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CM DC Sl2 First Claw Including B«rt*
IAnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA •••• Nov. 9, 19, 29
STATE OF CALIFORNIA Nov. 4. H ,24
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane Butts.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Throurh tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Airent.
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE.
KEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PASII.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul Nov. ? "t. Louis Dec 1J
St. Louis Nov. 22 St. Paul Deo. 27
St. Paul Dec 6 New York Jan. 1
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwero.
From New York Ever- Wednesday. 12 noon.
Frtesland Nov. PI Kensington Nov. 2*
Routhwark Nov. 15 Noordland Dec »
Westernland ...Nov. 221 Friesland Dec. 11
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattle-. St. Michael. Dawson City.
For full information regarding freight ana
passage apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
30 Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner of First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
NIPPON-MART Saturday. Nov. 25
AMERICA-MARI T Thursday, Dec. 21
HONGKONG-MAR!' Tuesday, Jan. 18
Via Honolulu. »
Round-trip ticket* at r«vlncpd rates. For
freight and passage apply nt company's office,
421 Market strf^t. corner First.
W. H. AVERT, General Agent.
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLANTIC,!!*
DIKECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -—.^
Falling every Thursday Instead of <^MTr^
Saturday, from November 2. 1899. at T **-«**»
JO a. m. from Pier 42. North River, foot o!
Morton »t. LA OASCOGNE. Oct. SI: LA
BRETAONF!. Oct 28: LA TOITRAINE. Nor..
t: LA CHAMPAGNE. Nov. 9: LA NORMAN-
DIE. Nov. 16: LA GAPCOGNE. Nov. 2»: LA
TOURAINE. Nov. 80: LA BRETAONE. Dec. 7.
First-class to Havre. $60 and upward: 5 p*t
C»nt reduction on round trio. S»cond-elasi t»
Havre. 145: 5 per r»Tit reduction on round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR T*NTTF.T> STATES
I AND CANADA. 12 Broadway /Hudson build-
ing). New fork. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pa-
eiflo Coast Acanta. i Montgomery aye.. Baa
Francisco.
fHMOtMMI The s - s - Australia
TJfcHß'lß'E sails for Honolulu
« I*K SP= ' I "*' Wednesday. Nov. 15. '
3y™^ at 2 p. m.
rts.^^V~~\ s - s Alameda sails
f^TP/imMlinc) vla Honolulu and
CyIUJIIDIIIU' 1 - Auckland for Sydney
(CJIRPIffIU* Wednesday. Nov. 29.
"" " "" ' at s p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii.
Pamoa. New Zealand. Australia. India. Suez.
England etc.: $610 first class.
t. D. srxtCKtLSo EiRGo.CO..Mgts.. '14 Montgomery
Pier 7- Coot PmiHc St. c rpirh*r>w"~» 3?1 *Pi>rUt>\ St.
BAY AND KIVER STEASIEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VAJLLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m.. 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thurs. night), Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. i. Telephone Main 1508.
FARE Me
56
TUESDAY NOVEMBER 14, ' 1809
JOHN D ECKELS, Proprietor. "
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St».. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS £17 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 187*.
DEXJVTERED BY CARRIERS. 15 CENTS PER WBEIC
K!ngl« Copies, 0 cents.
Terms toy iia'.i. Including Portage:
DAILT CALL <ir.clu<s!n£ Sunday Call), one year fG.OO
DAILY CAM, (Including Sunday Call), 6 months 8.00
, DAILY CALL (including Sunday Call), 3 month* .... 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «Bo
BUNDAT CALL One Year 1.50
■WEEKLY CALL One Year 1«OO
All postmasters are authorized to recelvj »übscriptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGNESS.
Manager Foreign Advertising, Marquette Building,
Chicago.
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENTi !
C. C. CARLTON Herald SquarS ,
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
PERRY LUKENS JR 29 Tribune Building j
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS. ;
Eh«nnan House; P. O. News Co.; Groat Northern Hotel}
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS.
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Murray Hill Hctel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
J. L. ENGLISH, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFTCKS— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, :
open until 9:30 o'clock 300 Hayes street, open until
20 o'clock- 639 McAllister street, open until 9:30
c'clcck- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock-'
1941 Mission street, open uotll 10 o'clock- £261 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- '^98
Valencia street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty
second and Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
ram— -Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Why Smith I^eft Home."
California— "What Happened to Jones."
TUoli— "The Masked Ball."
Alcazar — "My Friend From India."
Grand Opera-house — "The Merry arch."
Kew Alhambr.i— "A I^idy of Quality."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Olympla, corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Central Park— Steeplechase and performances. , .
Western Turf Association. San Mateo County— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. hayng— This evening, at 7:43 o'clock. Thorough-
bred Yearlinc: 1 , at 721 Howard street.
By S. Wutk:ns— This day, at 11 o'clock. Choice Young
Horses, at li! 7 Mission street.
By Easton. Kldridge it Co. — This day, at 12 o'clock. Real
Estate, a.t 653 Market street.
By J. M. Nelson— Wednesday, November 15, at 11 o'clock.
High-class Harness horses, at the Alameda Trotting Park, Ala.-
Tn»da.
By Chase & Mendenhall — Thursday, November 16, at 11
j'cWk, Trotting -bred Mares and Geldings, at corner Market
6treet and Van Ness avenue.
By Yon Khein & Thursday. November 16. at 12 o'clock,
r. cal "Estate, at 512 California St.
<cSE2J&»».
ROOSEVELT ISM.
GOVERNOR IVELT has been always
a peculiar figure since he entered public life,
bust and vital in all respects, he does not
it any extreme toward which his personal
irt in the Spanish war lie ha?
•.hat he calls "the strenuous life."
onflict and the use of force as a neces
sary tonic in the national life.
When Germany was in a period nf exhaustion after
the • rederick the Great reaction carried her
veakness, ami Bonaparte completed
n. She was intricately divided into a
: nationalities which had neither the racial
>r the natural frontiers which make nati
■ a physical revival, and this came
11 ■•-.union of the Society of
Turners. This was a wisely and carefully devised
■raining, and in the course of time
'. German mind was housed in a stalwart
re fallowed the procession of events
■ rerman unification.
elt no doubt has this conspicuous
mil i in pushing his robust cult.
But it is ive in mind also that one extreme
nd that nations which war con
tly, though powerful in the beginning, gradually
ical vitality of their people, and must
■ :t in an extend' d period of peace. The Gov
• the condition
■ -.ration, physically
or i: :hing of the
■ wars hav< een them such
■ y weakening effect
may have produced. Twenty-nine years of peace
intervened between our Revolution and the war of
1812, and thirty that and the Mexi
noe oc
■l between the Mexican and the Civil War we
|y ready for that great struggle. The
Mexican War was not an exhausting action. Be
ivil and the Spanish wars we had
of peaceful development, in which
• ! as to make us the
■ t and strongest of the nations, greater in wealth
and in t tl power of o- than any
>ted.
Ed in the
cupation
pursuits of i : " stepp :d 'ill
Europe our energies I ccupied
in war. but ■ I here i in our history an artfu
ment, ■ ' inst < Roosevelt's idea
that v. to keep the man
I
In his t address 1 :
:rnor end< • them
with the necessity of training I ■ fight. Tic
Ind ii" •• • r kinds of boys. Now we 1> '
that all American boys have in them the spirit and the
force to defend their own and maintain their ri| I
h j, not neccs ary •■ to fighi om
Tli'- spirii which Roos< irell inculi I
m in order to
rce which, he regards rior to all
hould he U p On j )V
modern" civilir&tion as the last resort, the final means
•if promoting issues and securii a f tttr
hi to bear by the sober mind, has
failed.
Rooseveltism puts war forward as the most ex
cellent of all things, to be sought and courted by a
nation to 'he manhood of its people. His
idea, brought down to tin- personal equation, is a
■' udal conditions, in which the strong
holds all that ii can take and defend. It means
a" restoration of the duel in settlement of personal dts
putes, and the taking from th* judicial courts their
arbitrating and adjudicating the rights of
ion and property. Its ideal is found in the qrreat
in the mountains of Kentucky, where the Hat
fields and McCoys lead constantly the strenuous Hf e
Which Roosevelt regards as man's ideal condition.
CALIFORNIA IRRIGATION.
\ A R. ET.WOOD MEAD, in charge of the Irri-.
/ \ gation Bureau of the Agricultural Depait
* * ment, who will attend the water storage con
tioq in this city, in an interview for The Call has
.1 the irrigation situation in this State very
: dearly, and has given the reason For California's great
interest in the subject He said: "There is no ques
; tion as to the fact that water is worth more in Cali
fornia than in any other State in the Union."
The value of water for irrigation is tixed by the
I value of what it will produce. Where the climate is fa
vorable to a very great variety of products of the soil,
and to an almost constant succession of crops, agri
ire in all its branches is the most profitable and
its products ire the most valuable.
We have these conditions. The long, arid and hot
. which is peculiar to the whole interior of the
State, from it.s north line to its southern border, pre
sents conditions favorable to the best u-e of irriga
tion. When the supply and distribufton of water are
adequate we will have even more constant use of th«
land than now, fur the early grain harvest will per
mit the use of the land for another crop of roots,
fodder plants or other useful and valuable products.
Where land is now in alfalfa under our all-compelling
sunshine five or six crops may be cut in a season.
Where sugar beets are raised their harvest may be fol
lowed immediately by something else, and the land
may be kept in continual action.
These favorable conditions, dependent on climate,
i are not present in the arid States whose lands lie at
such an altitude as to make a short season, and where
i the production of more than one crop is impossible.
All of this runs back to the cost of water storage and
ibution. Where only one crop can he raised,
the climate' is not friendly to a great variet]
rultural products, the cost of securing a water
-•apply is regulated by those conditions. The value of \
] the water per annum is the value of the one, or at
best two. crops it will produce in a year. Here its |
i value is that of the many and the Kreat variety of
I crops permitted by our climate. This i- a dominating
principle that should not he lost sight of by the con
vention. If water in California produces an orange
| crop worth a thousand dollars an acre, it is that much
! more valuable than water in Nevada, Wyoming or
. Idaho used at an average elevation of 4000 feet, where
j the short season permits only one field crop worth
r $30 an acre. If used here on alfalfa, producing
six crops in a year, it is -i\ limes as valuable as i
where only orfe 'Top can be grown,
Tlit- ■ may not have generally ■■■
understood by our own people. They go to the
value of water, to I that may be incurred in
obtaining it, and are the measure of the annual
; to the State by the v
But there is another fad I Si I
Our output ■ depends also upon a constant
supply of water for use in mining. It is needed not
only for flowing the crushed quart/ but for
in running r, >, trams Fi r electric lighting.
If for I iter our mines are idle half the year
and pi half time i 00, <>n ful
they will produce $40,000,000. It i* true that in small
areas in other mineral ie rela
tion to mining, but nowhere else is that relation as
great and important as here. Therefore I •
purposes water i- more valuable in California than in
any other State in 1 Union, and this value 1
ced by its use in irrigation.
The fact that the demand for money to handle the
crops of the West has caused a financial stringency in
Eastern cities shows how much we need a b
banking and currency system than we have, and
•lie showing strong arguments can be drawn to
ur^e Conj ■■ - ■ ' with the qu^tion this w I 1
and settle it rigl I
A HOLIDAY SUGGESTION.
UPON publication of th< ( the War De
partment instructing the ■ . general
to forward \r>-c of cliarge From San Francisco
all boxes of Christmas presents which may arrive
here prior to November 20 f< r officers and sold
in the Philippines,, some of our Eastern contempo
raries at once pointed out to the expi
tlrat they could make a "great hit" by agreein
transport the boxes free of charge to this city.
What lias been the effect of the hint upon the
express companies of the East we have not heard.
As a rule express companies do not try to make
that kind of a hit at the public. Their aim is at the
public purse and they count nothing a hit that does
not touch it. The chances are that so far from carry
ing Christmas gifts for the men at the front fre<
charge, they have not even consented to pay the
tax !>y affixing stamps on the receipts they jjive to
the shippers.
Whatever may have been its effect in the East, the
suggestion is a.K' )( 'd one. It has a holiday liberality
and wholesome Christmas cheerfulness about it. and
therefore we recommend it to the attention of the
Wells-Fargo Company. Between now and the 20th
of the month there is ample time for a good many
Christmas presents to be sent from Pacific Coasr
points to San Francisco to be forwarded to the sol
dier?. The express company people, while scorning
to pay war taxes, are not averse to being known as
philanthropists. Doubtless, they would also like to
be known as patriots. The number of presents sen!
to Manila will not be very larj 1 ill their weight
considerable. Here then is an opportunity for the.
express com]. any to '•how that it not just in all things
it can at least be generous in some things.
We repeat the suggestion of our Eastern contem
poraries, therefore, with our cordial indorsement,
having no doubt it will be received by the express
managers in California in the same spirit with which
it was received in the East
The failure to obtain a representative of the Pacific
Coast on the Interstate Commerce Commission this
time should not lead us to abandon the struggle.
Then.- will be another vacancy befora long, and we
uld be prepared to make a fight for it when the
time comes.
GOVERNMENT AND SYNDICATES.
YESTERDAY there came from the East two
dispatches, each important in itself, but made
doubly important by reason of the relation
the one bears to the other, and both to the problem
of governmental supervision of great combinations of
capita] engaged in controlling industries which affect
the welfare of the whole people.
One of these dispatches came from St. Louis and
announced the preparations which have been made by
St. Louis, Chicago and other lar^e cities of the Mis
sissippi Valley to procure from the Interstate Com
merce Commission a regulation of freight rates which
would advance the interest-, of those « it : cs ai the ex
pense of the rights of the States of both the Pacific
and the Atlantic seaboard. The other came from
Xew York and announced that certain large capital
ista of that city have combined with the Harriman-
Gould syndicate to consolidate the leading trunk
THE SAN FEA?s' CISCO CAlili, TUESDAY, NOVEMBEE 14, 1899.
lines of the United States. The scope of the plan
i is said to be not one of traffic alliance merely, but
I the union of the lines under one ownership in a de
! tennined effort to uphold traffic rates independent of
j the Interstate Commerce Commission.
In these days of great syndicates it is not improb
, able that some men more enterprising than the rest
i have devised the .vast combination outlined in the
New York dispatch. Railway combinations have
I been a common thing in American history for many
i years past. All the great transcontinental lines' have
I been built up by such consolidations of roads which
were once under independent management. The new
movement, therefore, when started, will be but an
outgrowth of the past and a step in the natural order
of development. It is not going to be easily achieved,
however, and, even if now under way, a long time will
elapse before it will be accomplished.
The most interesting feature of the report is thr-t
th« scheme has been devised with the intention of
upholding freight rates independent of the Interstate
imerce Commission. That means that while
Chicago and St. Louis are seeking to gain advantage
j through the officials of the Government, New York
will endeavor to obtain advantage for herself by get
| ting possession of the trunk lines and fixing "rates
according to her interests. Should the scheme be
carried out the conflict between the Government and
I the syndicates would be openly begun, and so long
i as it continued the lawyer with a railway practice
! would have a bigger bonanza than ever will be found
in the Klondike.
Fortunately there is no immediate prospect of any
such conflict. The Interstate Commerce Commission
can be relied upon to guard the interest of all por
tions of the Union, and is not likely to be subservient
to. the greed of Chicago and St. Louis. The only
likely to suffer is the Pacific Coast, and what
rgay be done us will be due to the lack of a
Pacific Coast representative on the commission to
explain the needs of the coast and uphold them.
A recent church row in Kansas reveals the exist
ence in that State of a set of people who call them
selves "Truth Knowers," and also 'that their neigh
bors think they do not know enough about the truth
to tell it even when speaking of themselves.
A DISPATCH from Berlin yesterday states that
the Prussian Minister of Finance has had a
long conference with the Emperor concerning
the efforts of Russia to raise another loan in Ger-
many. It was added that the desire of the Russians
for a new loan is clue to the discovery that the Si
berian railway will cost far more than was estimated,
and that a financial crash in Russia is feared by the
financiers of Europe.
The statements of the dispatch are in line with re
ports th.it have been in circulation for some time, hut
there is reason •." believe the situation in Russia is
not so bad as they represent it. That the Siberian
railway will cost much more than the sum originally
estimated i- now well known, but our Consuls in Rus
sia have reported that the additional cost will be due
f " improvements and extensions made upon the plans
adopted for the road when it was first projected.
< Originally the road was designed to In- hardly more
than a military railway. It was not expected that any
i -able traffic would be carried on over it, and
accordingly the roadbed was not strongly built, light
rails were put down ami comparatively slight bridges
were constructed. With, the extension of the line,
however, there has come a rapid increase of the com
mercial demands upon it. and it has been found neces
sary to go over nearly the whole line and strengthen
it in every way. If the<e reports be true the increase
in the cost of the road does not imply a loss to the
Government, but a Rain. It is true the immediate
liture of money will be larger than was ex
pected, but eventually the enterprise will be more
profitable than it would have been otherwise.
If the f< financial crash in Russia have no
indation than the reported increase in the
cost of the Siberian road they are hot likely to be
realized. It is to be borne in mind that predictions oi
.1 coming crash arc heard at this time in every coun
try. It lias been repeatedly said that the vast specu
lative boom in trust companies in New York will lead
to a crash in the United States. Similar predictions
based on similar grounds have been heard in London,
in Paris and in Berlin, ior in all those great cen
ters of commercial and financial activity there has
been extensive speculation in securities of one kind or
another. All experience shows that every era of
• has led to over-speculation, and that in
turn has brought about a crash of some kind. To
that extent, therefore, the predictions of coming dis- ,
aster are reasonable, but there is no apparent cause,
why the crash should be feared in Russia any moot
than elsewhere.
As a matter of. fact there is at this time a strin
gency in financial circles everywhere. It is felt in
Europe and in New York. In no place, howewr, is
it of a nature to alarm any but the pessimists who
always see the gloomy side, of things and the bear
specvlators whose interests incline them to exag
gerate everything which would have a tendency to
cause a fall in the prices of stocks. Russia may have
some difficulty in placing a large loan just at this
time, but it is not likely that work will be stopped on
the Siberian railroad or that the empire will be bank
ruin.
Every nation on earth, apparently, is aping rhe.,
Americans. Only the other day a detachment of our
army in the Philippines captured several hundred
thousand pounds of (lour, rice and salt, and right fon
| top of this feat comes the announcement that the
Boers have captured a poultry-yard.
There were papers that said The Call's exclusive re
port of the organization of the big ship-building syn
dicate was not true, but they have now seen -the true
light and are beginning to give, their readers the
j news on the subject.
•Truthful" Jimmie Crcelman will not be missed in
South Africa as long. as the facile "kaffirgram" is at
the disposal of the British. For recording things
that never happened it far surpasses the yellowest
journalist
The Berlin Vossische Zeitung, discussing the
trouble in the Transvaal, voices the sentiment that in
the event of intervention by any European power the
United States would aid England. Guess again!
1 A recent cable from Major General Otis contains
the announcement that Colonel Bell has taken Tar
lac That's nothing. It's ten to one that Aguinaldo's
[new baby will, soon" take ipecac.
Indications are not wanting that the war in the
Philippines is nearing its end. At any rate Colonel
j Hayes has captured Aguinaldo's secretary and is close
j on the trail of his typewriter.
In casting about for good timber, out of which to
make a Governor for Cuba, it is not strange that the
President should select General Wood.
THE SIBERIAN RAILROAD.
ONLY PACING OSTRICH IN THE WORLD.
THE mopt unique steed ever attarhod
to harness is Oliver W, of Florida, a
400-pountl full-blood African cs-
trich. Not only has he the distinc
tion of being the first pacing ostrich ever
known, but he can get up a speed that
would trouble the fastest of horses.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Jesse D. Carr, a Salinas capitalist, is
a guest at the Occidental.
J. \Y. Aikin, a well-known journalist
of Selma, is a guest at the Lick.
Thomas Flint. Jr. is registered for a
short stay at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. W. A. Root of Sacramen
to are staying at the Grand.
R. A. Carder, a wealthy mine owner
of Butte, Mont., is at the Palace.
W. E. Oilman, a wealthy mining man
nf Poker Ear, is a guest at the Occiden
tal.
Judge J. F. Posten has come up from
his home fn Coalinga and is staying at
the I.ick.
David Starr Jorrlan came up from Stan
ford yesterday and registered at the Oc
cidental.
S. N. Griffith, a prominent attorney of
Fresno, was among the recent arrivals
at the Lick.
George Johnston, a wealthy rancher of
Pleasanton, "is registered at the Grand
with his wife.
J. I!. Lipplncott ot the United States
■ uie;>] Survey is at the Occidental
accompanied by his wife.
James F. Hager of Nashville, Tpnn.,
who came out to greet the returned vol
unteers. Is staying at the Palace.
Dr. L. R. Lei and, one of the leading
medical men of Los Angeles, was among
th< arrivals of "yesterday at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. 1..5. Harvey and Mr. and
Mrs. S. Carson form a party of society
people of Victoria, B. C, who are at tfce
< >• .ltl'iital.
Mr. :\n<\ Mrs. F. W. Eaton have closed
thpir summer home nt Redwood and axe
now at the Palace, where they will re
main during the winter.
Mrs. Mary Stacker of Clarksville,
Term., who was seised, with apoplexy
last Sunday at th<> <"liff House, Is much
worse. She Is being attended in her
rooms at the Occidental.'
J. W. Allen, a hotel man of Portland,
Or., who is known .all over the coast tor
his hospitable conviviality and for his
knowledge of the things that make Mfc
worth living, is at the Occidental. fl
comes to the city on a short vacation
and to teach our local hotel clerks ho .;
to properly do the limit.
Mr. nnd Mrs.. Llpyd Osbourne and Mrs.
Robert Louis Stevenson are registered at
the Occidental, where they arrived yes
terday. -Phey have been absent for over
a year looking after the European copy
rights for the works of the late Robert
BteVencon. A pretty little home In
Berkeley will l>e their future residence,
whore Sir. Osbourne will continue his
literary, labors.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
N.F.W YORK, Nov. 13.— F. H. Wilcox
ol Sau DiegO Is at the' Hoffman. Miss
K. VY. Dean and Miss F. G. Dean of San
Rrancisco are at the Netherlands. Mrs.
J,. M. White, H. Nelson and F. W. T.
Saunders of San Francisco are at. the
Marlborbugh.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, D. •'.. Nov. 13.— Mrs. T.
11. Qresham and M. A. Wheaton, of San
Francisco, are at the Ebbltt House. C. J.
Titus of Sacramento is at the Shoreham.
A. L. Christy of San Francisco Is at the
St. James.
LANE AND JENKINS.
Special Revenue Agent Thomas Will
Keep His Eye Upon the Pair.
Revenue Agent Thomas announced yes
terday that ha would prosecute Freeman
P. Lane and P. G. Jenkins whenever He
shall have obtained sufficient evidence
that I hoy are passing themselves off as
revenue officers.
When Lane and Jenkins presented
'themselves at the establishment of.
Lemle, Levy & Co., 261 Third street, last
week, Messrs. Lemle & Levy allowed
them to Inspect their stock of liquors,
they say, upon the representation of Lane
thai he was a special agent and upon
Jenkins exhibiting upon the bosom of his
vest a badge engraved with the words
"internal revenue officer." They stated
positively to Mr. Thomafl that Jenkins ex
hibited such a badge. Jenkins denied to
Mr Thomas that fie had such a badge,
and asserted thai he wore a badge with
the words "Chronicle reporter."
There is another Levy next door :ii 259
i Third Btreet, who is in business for him
sell and who is not connected with the
i firm in any way. It was not in his place
thai the bogus imported cordials were
! found, but in the store of I>emle, Levy &
rjs.
Mr. Thomas has no proof that Lane
represented himself to be a special agent
of the revenue department except by
Implication, persons not distinguishing
between "special agent" and special
agent of the treasury or of the revenue.
But a strict watch will be kept on the
pair hereafter on that line, Mr. Thomas
Bays.
MEDICOS GREET WHEELER.
The President of the University
Visits the Affiliated Colleges.
Never, or very Betdom since Its affilia
tion with the University of California in
1878, baa the Toland Medical School, , ir
the Affiliated Colleges, as the Institution
is now known, received the honor of a
visit from the president of the parent uni
versity. It has remained for President
"Wheeler to establish a precedent which
will serve to knit the two branches of
the institution closer together.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning the stu
dents of the Affiliated Colleges were
QMtssed "n the steps of. the main building
to welcome their president. He arrived
almost to the moment and tho students
received him with songs of triumph mak
ing the air ring With "Palms of victory
Palms of Glory." The president was ac
companied by Dr. d'Ancona, dean of the
faculty. With difficulty he made his wav
through the throng of singing, cheering
Hitched to a light carriage, driven by
bis keeper and manager, the big pacing !
ostrich may be seen daily on the road
near Jacksonville, and it is doubtful if :
: ever a more peculiar and interesting sight !
1 was seen. His speed is simply remark
! able, and nothing on the road can pass
or even hold him. He has gone a mile I
students, who as he passed the threshold
ol the lecture theater gave the' Cornell
yelL Dr. d'Ancona presented the presi
dent in a brief speech, and when the visi
tor came forward to address his audience
the applause was deafening and contin
ued. Tiu- Bpeaker expressed his gratifica
tion at his enthusiastic reception and said
that he regarded the medical department
as one of the most Important branches of
the university— one in which much of the
hope of it was centered. He went on to
say that he wanted all the sons of Berke
ley to regard him as their father. The
president of the Associated Students of
the medical department. William Harvey,
returned thanks on behalf of the stu
dents and expressed the gratitude and
pride they fe]r. in the president's interest.
l"hf distinguished visitor then went to the
pharmacy building, where Dean of the
College of Pharmacy Searby introduced
him to another mob of cheering medicos.
After addressing them briefly, he visited
under the guidance of Dr. Goddard, dean
of the Dental School, the new building
in which this branch of the college is to
be located. Dr. d'Ancona then showed the
president the sights of the park and the
Cliff. The president alighted from his
carriage to obtain a good view of "Mon
arch," the grizzly. .H e left for Berkeley
late in the afternoon.
IRA MOSS CHARGED
WITH COUNTERFEITING
GAVE A BOGUS FIFTY-DOLLAB
BILL.
A Soldier Tried to Pass It for Him in
Nolan's Shoestore on Market
Street and Was Caught
and Confessed.
A private soldier of the Forty-sixth
Regiment, United States _ Volunteers,
named Thomas Williams, bought a pair
of shoes in \V. 11. Nolan's shoe store yes
terday afternoon and tendered in pay
■ ment a $50 bill. Something in the appear
ance of the bill attracted the suspicion
| of the cashier of the establishment, and
he sent it to Cashier Burns of the United
1 States Bub-treasury, who at once pro
nounced it a counterfeit Williams was
detained and Secret Service Agent Hazen
was sent for and arrested the soldier. The
prisoner said that the bill had been given
i to him by a mar. named Ira Moss, and
that Moss had previously approached two
other soldiers and tried to get them to
pass the counterfeit money.
Hazen took the soldier 'with him, and
they succeeded in finding Moss. The pris
oner was taken to the California-street
Btation and afterward transferred to the
City Prison and placed In the tanks sub
ject to the order of the Federal authori
ties.
Moss is about 33 years old. and has been
engaged recently in selling- custom-made
clothing and boots, shoes and hats to
mustered-nut soldiers. He admitted that
he had been arrested once before in this
city for grand larceny, but said that his
arrest was the work of spite on the part
of personal enemies.
WELBURN'S CASE.
His Third Trial Will Take Place the
Latter Part of Next Week.
Tlio case of the Government against ex-
InternaJ Revenue Collector Welburn was
called in the United States District Court
yesterday morning for trial. United
States Attorney Coombs announced that
W. I-. Zoller. one of the chief witnesses
fur the prosecution, was absent in Central
America, he being employed as purser on
the steamer AcapulCO. Mr. Coombs there
upon asked for a postponement until
January 2, by w'hieh time he expected the
steamer to return. The Government ex
pected to substantiate by Zoller's testi
mony twn of the counts in the indict
ment charging Welburn with hiding
made false vouchers to the Government.
After a little delay in the court pro
ceedings Gavin McXab and Frank E.
Gould, counsel for the defendant, an
nounced that they would not object to the
reading *of the testimony of Mr. ■ Zoller
taken on the preceding trials. The offer
was accepted, and this morning the date
of the trial will be set for Thursday or
Friday of next week.
ARRESTED FOR FORGERY.
Jack Keefe, Drunk and Incoherent,
Gets Himself Into Serious
Trouble.
Jack Keefe. drunk and incoherent, was
arrested yesterday afternoon and tak'on to
the California-street police station on a
charge of passing a forged check upon
Charles Easier, a saloon-keeper on the
Barbary Coast. The check was on the
Orocker-"\Voolworth National Bank a, id
called for VI 76, and was indorsed "D
Keefe & Co." It was payable to P. F."
Stoddard and indorsed by him also \
statement was written on the hack that
the note was a forgery, that the amount
had been paid and that it was the prop
erty of J. Keefe.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A HALF OF jeaO-C. 8., City. A half
dollar of- IS.]O has a market value of from
>v cents to $l.
HOPKINS ART IXSTITUTE-Sub
scriher. City. The Hopkins Art Institute
la open free to the public on the lirst Fri
day of each month.
SOUTH AFRICAN REPUBI.IC-Re.id
or. City. The flag of the South African
republic is composed of red, white and
blue stripes on a green field.
METEORS OF 1533-M. E. 0.. City. This
department has not been able to find any
record of "the meteors of 1833 having
touched the earth and caused damage. "
OLD PEOPLE'S HOME— F. L. D.. Cali
fornia. The Crocker Old People's Home
is located at Pierce and Pine streets in
San Francisco. Call on or address a com
munication to the superintendent for In
formation as to admission, rules and reg
ulations.
THE MACHINE— P. A. S., City. "The
machine," as applied to politics, is a term
used when a party organization falls into
the hands of professional politicians who
use it cnrruptlv for their owif political
or personal ends. "The machinery of a
party" was first used by Aaron Burr.
TJIXON-ERXE— W. J. X.. Marine Bar
racks, Vallejo, Cal. George Dixon and
in 2:02 several tim^s. and once it Is said
went below the two-minute mark. He has
already won several bis match races, and
also came out ■ -<n In the most unique
trial of speed performed In this part
of the country— ;i race with a bicycle ;ind
a well-known trotter. Oliver W beat both
man and hors>' in a one-mile sprint in the
remarkably fast time of 2:11.
Frank Erne fought a ton-round match
which was declared a draw. New York.
December 5, 18%; Frank Erne defeated
George Dlxon in a twenty-round bout.
New York, November 27. 1896.
COUNTING IN CRIB— R. T. P., City.
In the game of cribbage four fours in
hand with a seven spot turned up counts
twenty-four points.
JEFFRIES-SHARKEY— L. 8., City.
The fight between Jeffries and Sharkey
took place in the Mechanics' Pavilion on
the night of May 6, 1808,
THE TRANSVAAL- L. M. and C, City.
The latest census of the Transvaal is that
of !<*%. From that the population, it ap
pears, was 245,397; males 137,947, females
107,450.
THE DEWEY MEDALS— W. J. 8.,
Lewiston, Cal. For information as to the
distribution of Dewey medals on this
coast address a communication to the
commandant. Mare Island Navy Yard.
MINUET— H. 8., City. "Minuet" in
English Is pronounced as if written "min
u-et," with the sound of "v" as in "mule."
In French it Is "menuet," pronounced
"me-nu-e," with the "c" sounded as "c"
in "there.".
DOGS-A. 8., Hay wards, Cal. If you
will send a self-addressed and stamped
envelope this department will send /ou
the desired information about dogs, but
the information if given In this depart
ment would amount to an advertisement,
and no advertisements appear therein.
MARRIAGE— Parent, City. In alifor
nia one of the male sex who is under 21
years of age must have the consent of
parents or guardian in order to marry.
One of 20 years of age may marry in the
States of Colorado, Maine, Maryland,
Massachusetts. Mississippi, Pennsylvania,
Tennessee and West Virginia without
such consent.
ANTI-EXPANSION— W. R. F., City.
There is the Anti-Imperialist I^ea^ue of
Chicago. George S. BoutweU president;
the Anti-Imperialists of Philadelphia,
George F. Edmunds honorary president,
George G. Merer president, and the Anti
[mperia] League of Boston, all having for
their purpose the opposition to expansion
by the United States.
MUTILATING COIN— M. P., City. Coin
' minted In the United States or elsewhere
iii the possession ol on individual, noth-
I ing to the contrary appearing, is pre
sumably his personal property and he is
at liberty to do with it just whatever he
pleases. He may melt it down, convert it
into jewelry, bury it in the ground or
: mutilate it as much as lie sees proper in
j accordance with his whim so long as he
does not attempt to pass such mutilated
I coin as current coin. A man may stamp
every piece of coin he owns, providing he
kei ps it for himself, but if he should at
j tempt to offer such a defaced coin in pay
ment of a debt he would be liable to pros
ecution for defacing coin.
LUMINOUS PAINT-G. B. L., San Jose,
j Cal. Luminous white- paint is prepared
by mixing a varnish composed of forty
parts of Zanzibar or kauri copal, melted
over a charcoal fire, fifteen parts of the
melt being dissolved In sixty parts of
French oil of turpentine and the filtered
solution being mixed with twenty-five
parts of previously heated and cooled lin
seed oil, six parts of prepared barium
sulphate, six parts of prepared calcium
■ carbonate, twelve parts of prepared white
zinc sulphide and th!rty-si\ parts of lumi
j nous calcium sulphide, mixed in a proper
vessel into an emulsion and then ground
; very fine in a color mill. By the use
!of colors •luminous paint may be red
; orange, yellow, green, .blue, violet or gray
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 51u Mont
gomery Street. Telephone Main 1042. ♦
Yesterday's Insolvents
C. G. Alexander, merchant, Red Bluff,
17309 75; assets. $4800. Samuel Wftkowski,
traveling Balesman, San Francisco, pi,
--946 70: no assets.
If you euffpr from looseness of bowels Dr.
SlPfffrfs Angostura Bitters will cure you. B«
cure you get Dr. Slrjrerfs.
Will Protect Children.
Articles' of Incorporation of the Pacific
Bociety for the Protection of children
wen- filed yesterday. The directors are:
S. R. Wiley, H. O. Steams. C. Schultz,
H L Hi> nz. John F. Uhlhorn, George H.
Dannemark, J. M. Chase, William P.
How. I> Hughes, W. D. Howe and Wil
liam n. Bakers
I : '
| . AD tfERTISEMENTS.
BUT FIRST
INVESTIGATE.
Then, if satisfied, rut your money In
TAR CANYON OIL CO.
CAPITAL STOCK. $100,000.
!Par Value. $1 CO Per Share.
Its lands are located in the celebrated
Kreynhagen District, surrounded by
1 flowing wells.
This company is a legitimate corpora-
ration, founded for the purpose of pro-
ducing and placing upon the market the
oil that undoubtedly exists on its lands.
A limited number of shares will be sold
for development purposes
NO ASSESSMENTS, NO SALARIES.
OFFICERS:
JAMES A. WILSON President
Sec. Builders' Exchange.
■ P. A. BERGEROT.. Vice President
Fre*. Board of Education.
G R. GIBSON Secretary
Sec. Central Hardware and Supply Co.
W. I. BROBECK ■ Treasurer
Asst. City and County Attorney.
7th Floor, Crocker Building £ 142-143.
PHONE MAIN 5564.
1NEW ADVERTISEMENT.
More men and women are
troubled with weak and imper-
fect kidneys than with any other
form of disease.
There is but one known
specific for the kidneys and
urinary organs that can always
be relied upon — that one is,
Warner's Safe Cure.
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER |S~
aOQse
Another Great House Last Night...
. The Big Audience Kept in Roars of Laughter.
Harry Gorson Clarke
AND HIS EXCELLENT COMPANY IN
What Happened To Jones.
Popular Prices, 75c. • 50c, 2oc. Matinees Sat-
urday nnd Sunday. SOc. 2">c.
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT, , hal , & Kennedy^
Gr«»at Swedish Comedy,
"YON YONSON."
a Eumotuous Scenic Production in .Every
• Detail.
COLUMBIAN
A Clever fast! A Great Comedy!
ALL HITS AGAIN! >**-~\
' Smith. /wHY\ !
t TheCookLady^ / S|V2BTH Y
Touching Clever Maid. I . g- CT I
T Gorman Count. V B«fcr T \\
The Aunt. ' \HOSVSI^ \
Etc. *S
IDHURSTS . GREATEST LAUGH
COMPELLER.
PRICES 91, Tsc, BOc, 2."c
■ ZHflkam/fai-
BTHE PEOPLE'S PLAYHOUSE.
F.DDY AND JONES STS.— PHONE SOUTH 770. i
Every evening, matinee Saturday.
A SYMPHONY OF DELIGHT.
EUGENIE BLAIR
And excellent company, presenting the Wai-
!ack Theater Success, from New York.
A Lady Qualify
91.00r.nx SEATS-91.00.
PRICES— I.'c. 2"ic. 35c, 50c an.l Tsc.
Matinee — 15c, 25c. 3".c and BOc.
Next Sunday night— "lN OLD KENTUCKY."
SEATS ON SALE THURSDAY.
— j
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
4 TELEPHONE MAIN C 32.
THREE-THIRDS FULL EVERY NIGHT.
■ • Second and Last "Week of Francis Wilson 1 * .
Greatest Comic Opera Success,
: ,: THE MERRY MONARCH.!
The Funkiest Performance in the City.
Next Week — Cnloysal. Sumptuous, Elaborate ;
.. and Costly Production of Rice's Beau-
tiful Extravaganza,
"EVA G; LINE."
' POPULAR PRICES. i"o, S3c, 23c. 15c and 10c. I
A rood reserved peat at Saturday matlnor,
• •15 cents.
i:ranch Tldcet Office, Emporium.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
THE UNNI 8T __________
• : FARCE IN TOWN. """"^^"i^^Bfc. .
Never before at our' prices.
My Friend 1
i From India,
Special engagement of
MR. L. R. tSTOCKWHLL.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
ACKNOWLEDGED THE BEBI |
BILL OF THE SEASON.
RYAN AND RICHFIELD. tn "A Headless !
Man": CHEIiIDAH SIMPSON', "The AmrHran !
Beauty*,-'; BURTON'S ACROBAT COMEDY!
I'OGS; VINIE DE WITT, cornet nnd vocal j
fololst; JEROME AND ALEXIB, LEO CARLE, i
COGGIN AND DAVIS, AMERICAN BIO-
GRAPH.
The fainr.'Js Parisian Beauty. CORNILLE.
Reserved yeats. 2oc; ; loony, 10c; opera chairs
and box Heatfi. DOc. "
Matinees Wtdnefday. Saturday and Sunday.
WESTERN 'TURF ASSOCIATION
INCORPORATED.
Member American Tort Congress.
TANFORAN PARK.
South San Francisco, San Mateo Co.
Mali. Office, riot A. Palace Hotel. 8. F.
* V. J. MARTIN, F. H. GREEN,
*■» Pr*sK!ent. Sec. an<s Manager.
FIRST WINTER SEASON:
First meeting from Nov. 4 to Nov. IS, 1889. ,
Inclusive.
Six hiffh-clars running races every weekday,
b*plnninK at 1:30 p. m. Last race at 4 p. m.
Beautiful country scenery, sunshine and fresh
air. A model racetrack, superb grandstand and
unpxcelled accommodations.
TRAIN SERVICE.' Southern Pacific Co.
(Third-street Station.)
Local trains leave at 9:00. 10:40 and 11:30 a. m. i
E^c-lal race trains at 12:40, 12:: jO and 1:25 p. m.
ri-tarning Immediately after the lost race and
v- 4 :■».'> xi. m.
SAN JOSE AND WAY STATIONS— Arrive at
Fan Bruno at 12:45 p. m. Leave San Bruno at !
4:00 and 4:45 p. m. Trains leave Valencia-street
•r-n minutes later than Third street. Race
trains stop directly at the entrance to tha
fianiistand.
Lc.pt cars of all trains reserved for women I
and iheir escorts. No smoking.
RATES
From San Francisco to Tanforan and return. j
lnclu^ini? admission to grounds. $1 25. Single
round-trip tlckPts, 40 cents. Holders of Associa-
tion Undoes may secure a twenty-four ride cou-
I»on ticket, limited to thirty days, upon preaen- j
tutlcn of badges at Third or Valencia street
nations for $3 00.
I'.-rlfter all complaints without delay with
th» Fwretary an.l Manager of the Association. |
THE WEEKLY CALL
** Enlarged to 16 Pages
$1 per Year.
LEAGUERS WILL DANCE.
Company D of the Cadets Will Enteij
tain Friday Night.
Company D of the League of the Cross
Cade ■ ■•■ In preparation for
j night and 500 invitations' are out to
the lucky fi the order to be there
and ; The event is to be a ball
• n .- T v : . • -erything possi
g done to make it on.- of the so
if the season. Fitzgerald's
Is to be in attendance and a
• work on the decora-
Li ns are already ex-
Ig demand
mmi t tee, by the
le < 'aptain l. D. 1 >wyer
: din ctor and the !li»>r
: Lieutenant <;.
. Lieutenant V I. Carroll, Cor
■ Doi poral Fred Kle
■
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce have been granted
Lydla D Burdick from Jacob P. Burdlck,
und of willful neglect; Emily
Maud Bailey from .lames F. Bailey, on
. of wlllfu - ■ ■ ithl C'arrii-
I" Muller from Peter Muller, on the
■ •». The marrl:<
James E. and l^llt-n 'Jriswold has been
annulled by Judge Bahrs on the ground
fiines E. had a wife by a former
marriage at the tinv> he t<>"k Ellen as his
wife. The action instituted by Mary Mc-
Kibben for a divorce from James M.-Kil.
ben Is at present on trial before Judge
Dalngerfield. Mrs. McKibben alleges cru
elty, which her husband denies. Hi
alleges that their marriage was not
a\ers that Mrs. McKibben va? the
legal wife of Hiram P. Lake whi
ugh the marr mony
with her. It will take several days to
try the case. *
Contests His Father's Will.
Joseph W. Wood, a sun of tho late
J seph M. Wood, filed a cross contt I
the will of the deceased yesterday. The
Bt was in conjunction with h!
=wer to the contest lnptitute<l by Mrs
Emily Yo\:!!g. in which he admits
her Mr. Wood alleges that
his fi ther was unduly
by his wife, Abbie Rose Wood, when he
signed the will, and hence that it Is an
illegal Instrument.
Bankrupt Suit Dismissed.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
yesterday," dismissed the bill in the rasp
of the Soroels Fruit Company vs. C. B.
Bills, trustee of the estate of B. B. How
ard. In bankruptcy, for want of jurisdic
tion.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IHHBBBBHHHBHBHHBHBIHsnBV
IF A MAN
\
Is embarrassed with an unnatural *
weakness, or suffering and endangered 1
j with a contrncted aliment, he should R
consult America's mest skilled and f.
most successful specialists— Dß. HEY- S
ERS & CO. Payments may be made S
monthly or the total cost of a cure de- 1}
posited in a bank, not to be given to %
DR. MEYERS & CO. until a permanent $
cure Is effected. DR. MEYERS & CO. jj
I have been curing and restoring men for B
more than eighteen years. While their IS
reme lies are effective, they never leave pi
any Injurious results. >
Free consultation, at office or by mail. H
Suffpr°rs who live outside of San Fran- *
5 Cisco should write for private book, di- S
s agnosia ahc^t. advice, terms 'lid other I
I particulaVs. ALL LETTERS CONFI- g
. 5 DENTIAL. H
OR! MEYERS & CO, 1
6 731 MAttHET ST., 3. F. }
3 i ake blevator to Third Floor. W
3 I Dally. 8 to 5. &
\ HOURS. Evenings, 7 to 8. g
[J I Sundays, 9 to 11. gs
•■■' j
Ask Your UpOZvf^ !
Druggist Ipi&^BAUS
for a generous '"I
TRIAL SIZE. tH»m'Etj^.ri 2,Jk
Ely's Cream Balm pL^/ \£m
CATARRH. l&lllSi
Cream Balm Is placed Into nostrils, spreads
over the membrane and 'Ik absorbed. Relief la 1
Immediate and a cure follows. It is not drying !
—does not produce sneezing. Larjre size, 50c;
at drugslßtfl or by mail: trial size. 10c. by mail.
ELY BROTHERS. 56 warren St.. New York.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
. GRAND AXD ENGLISH OPERA SEASON.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Thursday, Saturday, Sunday Evenings, Verdi's
-~ : ■ Historical Grand Opera, •
THE MASKED BALL
("Un Ballo In Maochera.")
Sung by the Great Cast of Lyric Artists.
Debut of Slgnorina Zelma Politinl, the famous
• ;;V ' Contralto.
The Prediction came True!
The Demand Is Simply Enormous!
What for? Why, the Ever Favorite Comic
Opera
"PATIENCE."
"PATIENCE" will be repeated again on
Wednesday and Friday Nights and Saturday
Matinee.
Secure your Seats early by Teleplfone, Bush, 9. ;
POPULAR PRICES, 25 AND 00 CENTS.
CONCERTS AND BESOBTS.
STEEPLECHASE-CENTRAL PARK.
CONEY ISLAND IS HERE AT LAST.
The JEKFRIES-FIT/SIMMONS fight now on. /
Captain Beach, the Water King, Just arrlvecVf
The Jolly RAZZLE-DAZZ.LE entertains tho/i-
PROFESSOR HILL, the high wire mar^l.
And all the novelties of FAMOUS CONEY
ISLAND In full blast. DON'T MISS T.'iKM
ADMISSION, 10c.. includes a ride, on tb«
horses. Presents to winners. /
Open Every Afternoon and Everting. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO PALI;, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1899.
0ay J s 7)o/nys in the City jfcall.
CRUSADE AGAINST THE
TELEPHONE MONOPOLY
Supervisors Take the First
Steps to Tax Nickel-in*
the=S!ot Attachments.
A Handsome Yearly Revenue
Will Accrue to t\n City
Through the Proposed Meas
ure of the Board.
THE Board of Supervisors has taken
the first Btep toward forcing the tele
phone company to contribute some
thing of its enormous proflta to the
city. The telephone monopoly is en
joying- tremendous privileges in San
Francisco. It receives for nothing exelu
'ights which legitimately ought to
return to the municipality a handsome
yearly revenue. It escapes, just taxation
and uses its advantages to abuse the
rights of the people. The gigantic evil of
tlii.- condition of affairs has been pointed
out by the Mayor and Assessor and now
the Supervisors, through a resolution in
troduced yesterday by Supervisor Aig-el
tinger, intend to remedy the injustice at
i'.ist in a measure.
The resolution, winch was presented at
the meeting of thi board yesterday and
which is now on its road toward adoption.
lea that a quarterly tax of $1 shall j
' upon every telephone in the
City which has a nickel in the slot at
tachment. Further than this the tele
phone company la commanded to submit
a truthful statement of the number of
such telephor.es In use. This measure,
which is the result of emphatic public
agitation, will force the gigantic corpora
tion to pay a closer proportion at least of
its just taxes.
The nickcl-in-the-slot telephone as It
( xists in this city has been a gross and
Insolent imposition upon the public and a
source of tremendous revenue to the-tele
phon< • jr. Many thousands of
these telephones are in use in homes,
business houses and all sorts of local es
tablishments. By extensive advertising
and judicious representations the tele
phone monopoly ha^ developed its scheme
ible revenue. Arbitrary prices have
been placed upon the telephones and !
n forced to submit to the :
ns. They have paid and are now !
grossly exorbitant price for the I
loan -if each telephone and then pay an '
j addition;; 1 sum for its use.
Even In This feature of the fraud upon
the public the monopoly has shown dis
crimination. For what purports to be the
same service some patrons have to pay
a certain price and more favored people
have to pay a smaller one. Merchants
j have been made victims of a necessity,
1 bur they dare not complain. When they
secure their telephones and pay for them
an outrageously high price, they cannot
use them without paying live cents for
each switch.
Under even worse conditions thousands
of these nickel-in-the-slot telephones have
been Introduced in residences, where they
remain an expensive and useless luxury.
It would seem that the local monopoly
would ha ye be< n ml eni to k r i . •
Bervice for Its enormous profit trum i
nlckel-in-tlv-sl"f devices, but the
agreeable experiences of thousands of
people prove that it has not been. The
service rendered through the system is
notoriously insolent and a sham. The
telephone company has simply used its
devices to descend to petty larceny. It !s
able that the number of instances in
which people pay a nickel and r-- eive no
service aggregate many thousands every
day. Th< agents of the company have
their Instructions to exact a flve-ceni
piece before they learn whether or not
a desired switch may be obtained if tne
line be busy or out of order, or If
tral" be in an unamiable mood, no switch
is obtained. Another five-cent piece has j
WIDOW OF ROBERT
LOUIS STEVENSON
RETURNS TO SAN FRANCISC
AFTER A YEAR'S ABSENCE.
Has Been in Europe Looking After
the Copyrights of the Works
of Her Famous Husband.
Mrs. Robert T,ouis Stevenson, widow of
novelist, is a guest at th. I I -
■ i, where she arrived last nisht
an absence from the city of over a
year. Tn her party is Lloyd Osboiirne,
.-. . w«>H-known writer, who* collaborated
with the dead historian of the southern
tooel popular works,
particularly in his famous story "The
kers." With ?.Tr. Osbourne are his
wife and child, who have been traveling
with him.
Mrs. Stevenson's time has lately been
,• . where she has been at
ng to business connected with copy
rights on her husband's works. There
were difficulties to be settled which re
quired her personal attention and which
tooh some time to satisfactorily -idju>t.
settled, she traveled leisurely west
ward with her friends, arriving here yes-
Tin- ] arty will r< main in the city for a
few days and then go to Berkeley, where
Jtevenson owns a pretty little home
;.- c! where they will remain for some
time, or until a trip to Samoa, which is
now under contemplation, Is definitely
■.; upon. Should Mr?. Stevenson 2*
'■ma it is quite possible that she will
theri make her permanent home.
Lloyd Osbourne has continued his liter
ary work, and has lately contributed
ex< elleni tilings to various of the
Eastern magazines, and as soon as he !><■
comes pennanentlj settled, either here or
In Samoa, be will resume his labors, with
the result t!' : 'i we may soon be agvin
charmed with some romance after the
style of "The Wreckers,"
The Transfer Trouble.,
The cases of Frank Chase. \v>. J. Van
derkaag, 11. Blitz and S. 3 X Riley. ar
rested Saturday at Powell and Market
streets for giving away tVieir transfers,
were called in the courts. "io which they
were assigned yesterday and by consent
were continued till Fri^ifiy. Meanwhile a
writ of habeas <?ori>'is ■■>;!( be applied for
from the Supreme ''/•mi on one of the
cases to be selected, feo as to have the va
lidity of the or<av;tnce decided by the
highest court wlt<t6ul delay.
Tea. "Poisoning.
Victims of tea , poisoning are becoming alarm- |
ingly prevalent,' Women demand the life and
vnrlety of Health, and instead of doing v
naturally \>" ( building up their systems they \
resort to fa They should take li « tetter' a
Stomach Twitters instead. By strengthening the '
dts^ttvo^ organs this brings beauty and good
spirits, it tones up the nerves, drives away
the !.!'/»•«. regulates the bowels and cures all
forms of dyspepsia. All druggists sell it.
A E&B3 £! d? m&ho Ufa ■ . •2 J
7 &"BBLfL& worth living |
9 Care Billons a&3 Nervoos Disorders, c
m IO cents and 05 cent*, at dma stored. m
MJPERVL-OR AIGELTINGER.
I gone to the monopoly and the customer
grumbles his anger.
This petty very has become a public
nuisance, but the monopoly is supremely
unconcerned. An instance of these in-
I numerable outrages will be remembered
I in the case of the Mission butcher who
smashed a telephone and its nickel-in-the- I
slot attachment. He had tried in vain
to obtain a certain switch. He had in
each Instance submitted to "central's" de
mand to "drop a nickel." He finally be
came exasperated and refused to pay any
more. He was told that he could not have
the desired switch. He justly retaliated
| by smashing the telephone and appropri
; ating the money he had paid.
Thousands of similar injustices have
been committed, but no redress has been
given. The monopoly is thriving in its
ill-gotten profit, and now the Supervisors
have determined that some of this money
shall come back to the municipality. The j
proposed order which Supervisor Aigel- ;
tinger introduced yesterday is in full as j
follows:
An order for the purpose of regulating and
Imposing a license for the purpose of revenue
upon any person, firm or corporation carrying
on or conducting in the city and county of
San Francisco the business of telephone ser
vice and the use of slot devices therein.
The people if the city and county of San ;
Francisco do ordain as follows:
Section 1. Any person, firm or corporation
carrying on '"" conducting any business, oc
cupation, service or employment hereinafter
specified shall pay license as hereinafter pro
vided.
Section 2. Any person, firm or corporation
carrying on or conducting In the city and
county of San Francisco the business of fur
nishing telephone service to any person, per
sons, firm, firms, corporation, subscriber or i
subscriber* and furnishing with telephones for j
use In such service any slot-box or other I
device for the purpose of collecting money or ;
other representative or money value, shall pay
a licence in the sum Of one dollar ($1 00) per
quarter to the city and county r( San Fran- !
cisco for each such slot-box or other device
so used.
tlon 3. Every such . person, firm or cor- ]
poration mentioned In section 2 of this order
shnll ninke or cause to be made to the pen
authorized to collect licenses for the city an.l
county Of San Fnneisco once in every quarter
a statement verified by the oath of such per
son, member of such firm, or general manager ;
of such corporation as to the number of such
slnt-boxfs or other devices of like nature so
used. The first statement to be so made shall I
be made within tei. days after the passage and
adoption of this ordinal ■
Section 4 Every person falling to make th»
statement' mentioned in section 3 of this ordi
nance shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
The foregoing order was passed to print ■
by a unanimous vote of the board. In
speaking of the matter last night Super
visor Algfltinger said: .
"I introduced the order because T be
lieve thai the telephone company should
contribute its just proportion of taxes. It
has escaped hitherto and under the char
tor has received more than fair treatment.
By placing a quarterly tax of $1 on nickel
in-tne-slot telephones the city will reap
a yearly revenue of between" $20,000 and !
$30,000. If it is possible I intend also to
force the company to give the people of '
the city an honest service. The Imposi
tion which now nets the company an
enormous sum is outrageous. It is noth- ;
Ing less than robbery and the employes
of the company should be made guilty of
a misdemeanor if they accept a nickel I
without first giving the switch for which :
a nickel is paid."
AFTERMATH IN THE
REPUBLICAN CAMP
CAMPAIGN MONEY RECEIVED
AND DISBURSED.
Alfred Bouvier, Refreshed by Rest in
the Country, Presided at the
Meeting of the Execu
tive Committee.
The executive committee of the Repub- !
lican County Committee met at the Bald
win Annex last night and considered \
campaign expenses. Alfred. Bouvier.
somewhat refreshed by a brief season of
much-needed rest in the country, pre
sided.
The committee talked of campaign ex
penses, and the discussion disclosed the
fact that the balance of cash in the
hands of the purity committee would
probably be sufficient to liquidate the out
standing obligations of the committee.
J. H. McCarthy desired that a public
statement should be made of all the
money received and the sources from
which it came and how it was expended.
A. ■B. Truman, chairman of the cam
paign committee, moved that an itemized
statement be filed of all money re
ceived and of every item of disbursement.
He did. not care what customs were ob
served in the past, but insisted that- a
clean sheet be presented to the public,]
showing every dollar received, the source
of the contribution and the voucher of :
disbursement.
Max Goldberg suggested thru the report
of finances should come from the purity
committee..
Mr. Bouvier explained that Mr. Hy
mans, chairman of the purity committee,
would soon have the report ready. There
Is a book showing every dollar received
and the vouchers properly numbered
showing the disbursement. '
Further discussion brought out the'
statement that all the bijls had not been
presented for payment, hence the purity
commiUce was not ready to report.
To enlighten the committee generally I
the statement was made by the chairman
of the campaign committee that the a.-.
sessment of candidates produced $4000 arid I
the sum of $1500 was received from other'
sources.
Max Goldberg, who controls a bank and
Is quick at figures, announced that $5500 1
was the sum total rei^eiyed and do one:
disputed lie mental calculation.
There will be a meeting of the RepubU- !
can County Committee Wednesday even
in?? of next week. A full accounting will
then be made. Vouchers may be inspect
ed and questions asked. I
A movement to displace from* '' tr>
County Committee John J. Curry of t^e
Forty-third Assembly District, occupied |
one hour of the executive cornnr ttee's
time. The subject was considered in se
cret session. The point was rate that 1
Mr. Curry was a Democrat and /nould be
removed, but the committee d<y>ided that
he was a Republican. It was und should
remain noted that the Forty-^riird District
was exceptionally strong in , its support of
the Republican ticket.
Chadbourn^'s Sir 4 t .Dismissed.
The suit instituted foy Colonel F. S.
Cbaidbourne for the / purpose of ousting
Rudolph Hecold frcyn his peat In the Har
bor Commission Vas dismissed yesterday
on the motion 7 Attorney General Ford.
That the suit Vould be dismissed was an
nounced In T" ne Call Sunday morning, aa
were the inf^ aen ces which prompted Gov
ernor GageZto order the dismissal of the
suit. Jr
THERE MAY BE A
FIGHT FOR TWO
PLUMP OFFICES
Truman and Sheehan
to Coniest.
BOTH ALLEGE NON-RESIDENCE
CLAIM THEIR OPPONENTS ARIZ
INELIGIBLE.
Brooks Lived in San Rafael, Scott in
San Jose — Charter Requires a
Residence in This
County.
There is a possibility that Samuel H.
j Brooks, Democrat, will not take his seat
i in the County Treasurer's chair and mat
j Joseph H. Scott, Republican, will not
succeed Rd I. Sfaeehan as Tax Collector
iof this L-i t y and county. Both received
: a majority of votes oust at the last elec
tion, l.ut their respective titles to office
are to be < ontested bj the incumbei ;~
i upon the ground that they are ineligible
under the provision of the chartei i ■
quiring that office-holders shall have
been qualified electors of the city and
county for live successive years prlur to
election.
Mr. Brooks was a resident of this city
up to two years ago, when he movedover
to San Rafael and lived foi a year.
Scott is ,vi old-time resident of this city,
but several years ago moved to Pan J< Be,
where iie went Into business, and also
registered as a voter of Santa Clara
County. It is claimed he did not return
to this city unti! four and a half years
ag-o. just halt" a year too late to come
within the live-year requirement uf, the
charter.
Treasurer Truman makes no conceal
ment of his intention to fight Brooks if
he finds that the taw stands wit;. h:m.
it'- contends that in moving to dan Ra
fael Brooks sacrificed his domicile In this
city and became a bona ftde resident of
Marin County and that although he re
turned to this city a year -ago and again
made his lesidence here, he has not been
a resident fur live years in succession
and is. of a consequence, not compete n1
to hold office under the charter.
Brooks' case hinges solely on the ques
tion of whether or not he sacrificed his
residence in this city when he went over
to San Rafael I'nder the law an elector
has not lost his residence if he has re
mained in another city or county with
the intention of returning to his previous
domicile, unless he has become by regis
tration an elector of the county to which
he moved. Brooks' name does not appear
upon the grreat register of Marin County,
and It will devolve upon Treasurer Tru
man. If he contests, to prove that he actu
ally gave up his residence here and moved
to Pnn Rafael with no intention of re
turn in it.
Scott 8 ease presents more solid grounds
If the allegations made be true, In mov
ing to San Jose and signing the great
register he actually gave up his reaidenci
here and became a bona Ode resident of
that county. To oust him Tax Collector
Sheehan would have to prove that he has
not lived in and been a qualified elector
of this city and county for live successive
years since that time, and prior to the
day of his election. If the contention
th.it he has been her" for (our years and
a half it'.ivi- true, the charter students at
the City Hall claim he will be disquali
lird. and that Sheehan viii remain In his
present position until his successor is
elected mid duly Qualified, which will be
at the next general election.
Sheehan will not admit for publication
that he contemplates such action as set
forth, but he has threatened it in th<
presence of his intimates, and it is known
he is busy looki ng up legal points to
hack his case.
GOOD NEWS FOR FARMERS.
The Rainfall This Season Promises a
First-Class Harvest.
The farmers will have no complaint to
make this season if the present indica
tions are an earnest of what the future
has in store for them as far as the weath
er is concerned. The rains have been ear
ly and in just the riirht proportion to indi
cate a prosperous year for the men of
crops and harvests.
According to tne Southern Pacific Com
pany's dally weather chart, the fall this
year, up to 7 a. m. yesterday, is 8.18 inches
greater than it was this- time last year,
So far we have had 5.21 inches of rain this
season, as against 2.03 inches at the same
time twelve months ago.
Yesterday the fall was .38 of an inch for
the preceding twenty-four hours, and this
is about .04 of an inch above' the general
average throughout the State. The weath
er here was cloudy, with the promise of
so remaining for the next twenty-four
hours, and the reports from all the in
terior and coast counties gave the same
indications.
That the weather will probably remain
unsettled for the next few days in the
vicinity of this city was indicated by the
barometer, which teau 29.79 as against a
normal barometer of 29.97.
Surprised by Friends.
The. ladies of the auxiliary corps of the
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Association
gave a surprise party to Mr. and .Mrs.
John Kavanagh at their residence, 2128
Fifteenth street. Saturday evening last.
The following: ladies and gentlemen were
present: Mrs. J. C. Roberts, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Igo. Mr. and Mrs. J. \v. Day and wife.
Colonel and Mrs. A. Andrews, Mr. and
Mrs. S. Bunner, Mr. and Mrs. L. S.elinger.
Mr. and Mrs. E. V. \'r.e!and. Mr. and
Mrs. J.- McGroevy. Mr. and Mrs. G. Ba>.*
reuther, Mr. and Mrs. F. Terßamorse, ?,fr
and Mis. .1. Thomas, Mr. and Mrs. W "H*
Miller. Mr. and Mrs. W. Raubinger Mr!
and Mrs. L. Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. C Kim
ball. Mr. and Mrs. M. Ryan. Mr. a A '\ 7\i rs
F. Kavanagh. Mr. and Mrs. L. Selinger
Jr., Miss A. Hughes, Miss C. Thomas
Mias B. Thomas, Miss Burkh^dt Miss
Cameron, Mrs. Hill, Mrs. B.en .: Miss \.
Bunner, Miss C. Bunner, M; gg M. Dunn"
Miss O. Dunn, Mrs. Smith, Airs. G. Ryan
Miss Brosman. Miss Richards, Mrs. Bor
den. Miss Grant, Miss Mantling, Mrs. Col
lins, Miss J. Kidd. Miss 'I',. Zachariaa Mis
Mief. Mrs. Cole man, . ( . j. Bunner, W.
Farrell, F. Gowan. C. A. Bunner, Thomas
Cornell, E. Jehtnter^t, h. Harrold, Mrs.
Cashman, C. Hayo^ns. Loo. C. Bunner,
Mrs. Moore, J. Bur^s, J. Bender, J. Rohe,
Mrs. Moore; Mrs., j. Coleman, Mrs. Ben
der.
Ccrd of Thinks.
SAX FRANCISCO, Nov. 10, 1889.—
management of the King's Daughters'
Home for. Incurables, 317 Francisco street,
deal <a express their sincere thanks to
tho fr\fltswing named firms in this city
who hay* recently contributed to the
welfare and comfort of its inmates by
thf^v Hind arid timely donations: H. S.
( v A-)cker & Co., stationery; Tllcks-Judd
Jo., printing; Baker & Hamilton, hard
ware; Miller, Sloss & Scott, hardware;
Alexander- Yost Co., hardware; D.
N. & E. Walter & Co.. carpets; Joseph
Fredericks & Co., matting; Hurry I'm: .1
Co.. cutlery, etc.; Fairbanks. Morse
,-. Co., scales; W. W. Montague & Co..
oil heater; a. Zellerbach & Sons, paper;
Charles Brown & Sons, porcelain ware;
Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar,
goods. King's Daughters' Home, Mrs. .1.
G. Clark, president. •
- - ■ -
Cited for Contempt.
M. W. Rosenblatt, president of the
Rosenblatt Company, has lr^en cited to
nppear next Thursday before Judge Mor
row in the United states Circuit Court to
show cause why he should not be pun-,
[shed for contempt for having disregarded
an injunction of the court restraining iVim
from selling brandy under a certain
brand.
Merchants' Exchange*
Ztnkand's is the Merchants' Eschanee for
lunch. •
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
THE GREATEST NAME IN SPANISH ART.
Copyright, 1899, by Seymour Eaton. .
THE lA/ORLD'S GREAT ARTISTS.
IV. VELASQUEZ.
(Concluded.)
11.
It Is very seldom that a painter emerges
as Velasquez aid from the ranks of the
aristocracy, and still more seldom that
the aristocracy, when as exclusive as that
of Spain, should not repudiate but delight
to honor him as an equal. This gives an
unusual flavor to Velasquez's career.
With his handsome figure, in superb cos
tumes, crowned with honors and responsi
bilities, he appears as an embodiment of
tact arid refinement, a lover of the pleas
ures of court life. The royal favor and
the liberal patronage of the court made
it possible for him not only' to .be inde
pendent of the patronage of the church,
but to throw off the yoke of ecclesiastical
tyranny in art and dare to paint whatever
he chose. He was the only great secular
artist of Spain.
It is as well to frankly confess from tho
start the limitations and weaknesses of
Velasquez's art. He has no imagination or
pathos; he does not conceive types or ex
press emotions. His drawing is often
sadly defective and he seldom shows any
sense of the beauty of line. He often
composes weakly, and is crude •or ele
mentary in the management of acces
sories and backgrounds. He was very
slow in reaching mastery in his art and
his early work promised nothing remark- i
able.
On the other hand we admire him as a
QUEEN ISABELLA OF SPAIN.
(From a Painting by Velasquez.)
supremo realist, as a master of quiet ]
dramatic art, as the greatest painter of
atmosphere. He is a supreme realist be
cause, tempered by his surroundings, he
sloughed off all that was vulgar In his
earliest studies and gives us perfect
transcripts of the natural man. He is j
great as a dramatist because he poses his
I figures perfectly as if for stage rehearsal
and is able to give elan without mo- '
tion, the perfection of repressed vigor
without a trace of the drama of emotion.
And, finally, modern artists worship him !
as well nigh the greatest of old masters |
and the earliest of moderns most of all
because of his technical supremacy and •
mastery of atmospheric effects. He is un- !
equaled in giving solidity and planes to :
his figures and in placing them in an at
mosphere palpitating with reality, in dif
ferentiating between absorbing and re
flecting surfaces and in reproducing the I
exact values even in the most elaborate :
Interiors. Artists appreciate the difficulty !
i f even approaching such perfection from
afar, and even the uninitiated are gripped I
hard, without knowing why, by the ma- j
terial artistic truthfulness that the
technique expresses.
Velasquez made few preliminary
, sketches, as was customary with most
artists. He planned and studied but I
little before the actual beginning of his
final work. He appears to have posed or j
grouped his figures in a tableau and then
to have transferred them to canvas, with
the greatest realism even In such elabo- j
rate scenes as "The Tapestry Weavers" j
and the "Maids of Honor," including the
reproduction of the atmospheric medium.
The results that he reached were at
tained not of set purpose, for he had no
ideals, but through a constant preoccupa
tion for realism, assisted by a most deli
cate sense of color. For many "years there
was not even a sign of his later mastery
of planes and of light. It m/us an uncon
scious growth. In fact, tl\ere is nothing
in the work of the first iifteen years of
his career as a painter t/d indicate great
ness. This slowness wr^s natural in him;
it would have been otherwise had he been
as iUnminated gen'ms. Not before the
humor and masterly expression in the '
"Topers," painted. In 1688, just before his
first Italian trip,, oould a great career be
even suspected i&r him. All his tine work ;
was done after the age of 32.
Relying on I>hs own eyesight rather than
on tradition^ methods or schools, Velas- '
quez does hot reflect strongly the influ
ence of a.iv artist. What we do find never
blurs Oje master's own personality. No
man vas less a mannerist,- and If it is ■
natural to separate his work into periods ■
— (I), his juvenile production at Seville; (2)
hi.- 4 early court work at Madrid; (,3j the j
period after his first Italian trip, and (i.» j
the period after his second Italian trip- i
it is also true thai the changes are due '
not to the adoption of new methods but
to the rational development of the artist.
His increasing perfection of technique
simply enabled him to attempt new effects
and any sameness, even at any one i
period in his career, was avoided by his j
extreme openness to all shades of natural i
Impressions, which led him to adapt his
means to his ends with endless variety.
j Perhaps one of the most interesting of
his changes was from a reproducer of de
tailed to one of general values, from copy
ing the design on a royal gown and the >
rouge on a royal cheek to giving the dif- .
ferences between reflecting and absorb- i
Ing shadows, or suggesting the effects of
debauchery in the flabblness of the flesh
tones. Of course, at times there Is an
evident difference in the quality of his
brushwork, especially in some of his mid
dle and later portraits, but this is easily
explicable, In that, for Instance, of
"I'ulido Pareja" we know thnt the coarser j
and bolder touch was caused simply by
the use of longer brushes in order that ■
the painter could stand away from his j
canvas while painting. If there is a
similar and even more decidedly impres
sionistic preoccupation in so much of
Titian's later work we may be sure that
in Velasquez it was the result of the
master's own striving for objective truth
fulness.
The range of subjects treated by Ve
lasquez la most interesting and charac
teristic. Biblical subjects interested him
hardly at all. The "Joseph's Coat" of his
first Italian trip was his only incursion I
Into the Old Testament field. The New
Testament subjects he treated very sel
dom and almost entirely during his ear
liest years, while still in Seville— as in
his "St. John in the Desert," his "Adora
tion of the Kings" in Madrid, his "Ador
ation of the Shepherds" in London, so
like a Ribera, his "Christ at the Col
umn." so Italian in feeling, and his
"Christ on the Cross" in Madrid; tneso
latter were the fruit of Italy's Influence.
His very early "Immaculate Conception"
and his late "Coronation of the Virgin"
were the only concessions he made to the
prevalent cult of the Virgin, i^is latest
religious subject, the superb "SS. An
ttaony and Paul in the Desert," is ra«her
a picturesque landscape enlivened with
figures and corresponds in Velasquez's
career to Titian's '-St. Pet*>r, Martyr."
Ol classic subjects there are but few;
a weak and bleary "Mara," the academ
ic "Forgre of Vulcan." the trifling ■'Mer
cury and Argus," the realistic but un-
ÜBual "Ventts and Cupld ; " the beggar
studies dubbed "Aesop" and "Mi.
complete this series, least characteristic
nr interesting of any. The •'Surrender of
Breda" >\us his only historic piece, and,
superb .is it is, we do not regret that ha
so seldom forsook portraiture for such
elaborate compositions. But if we turn,
to the field of pure observation there
seems hardly a phase of nature unex
plored by the brush of Velasquez. His
incursion into landscape is even more In
teresting historically than for its own,
sake, and he shows himself here as ac
curate a transposer of nature as in hi 3
portraits, though a less familiar one.
His views of the "Villa Medici" in Rome
are the best authenticated of his pure
landscapes, but in a number of his por
trnits the landscape is but littl" second
In importance to the figures. His wCrk
in still life and in animal life, his tavern
Interiors and scenes of outdoor common.
life, are comparable to the best Dutch
work.
In his favorite field, portraiture, he left
no class in society unreproduced, from
street beggars, urchins and peasants,
Morisco slaves and
court buffoons and
dwarfs, up through
village alcades, sol-
diers, country mag-
istrates and gentle-
men. to courtiers,
generals, admirals,
cardinals and prime
ministers, and. final*-
ly, popes and roy-
alty. Few members
of the royal house of
Spain then living es
caped portrayal, and
Beveral were fre>
quently reproduced.
His numerous por-
traits of his -earliest
patron, the Prime
Minister O 1 i.vares,
show his gratitude;
but most numerous
-were those of King
Philip IV, with al-
most the whole of
whose reign he was
contemporary , and
whose weak and
I FPnsiml countenance he has immortalized
with a virtuosity worthy quite another
subject. Most delightful were his por
traits of the younger members of the roy
al family, the infants and infantas, whose
fresh, innocent pathetic faces he gives to
| the life. There was the greatest variety
In his treatment of portraiture— half
lengths, three-quarter lenpths,' full flg
[ ures. equestrian portraits. The figures' at
i times stand out against a pure tone, at
j times against a drapery, and often are in
; the midst of a delightful landscape in
hunting or riding costume, and perhaps
; with a favorite dog. Aside from a few
, earlier masterpieces, such as the "Don
'■ Baltasar Carlos," the "Innocent X." the
; "Juan de Pareja" and others, the group
of his latest portraits, such as those of
old "King Philip," of "Infant Don Pros
per" and "Infanta Margarita." are per
; haps his most marvelous reproductions of
J flesh tones, his most convincing tran
! scripts of nature. They show that at the
I time of his death Velasquez had not
! ceased to advance In artistic perfection.
Princeton' University.
Note— "The Greatest Name in German
Art" will be the title of the next study.
WEBSTER FOUND A
GOLDEN WINDFALL
GOOD HARD CASH HE DID NOT
KNOW HE HAD.
Back Salary to the Amount of $800
Turned Over to Him by-
Auditor Wells.
R. H. Webster, Superintendent of
Schools, dropped into $800 .of good county
coin yesterday that was just like money
from home. In fact, Mr. Webster has
had that money for nearly a year, but did
not know it until Auditor Wells informed
him of the fact. His windfall represents
the profitable result of the suit which he
brought in 1896 to oust ex-Superintendent
Babcock from office.
In November of 1896 Mr. Webster was
elected Superintendent of Schools, but
Babcock refused to turn over the office,
on the ground that the election was il
legal. Webster Instituted suit, and in
March of 1887 sot a favorable decision.
During the two and a half months the ac
tion was [tending.' however. Babcock con
; to present his salary warrants, and
Auditor Broderick honored them, instead
of holding .them up until such time as a
decision should be handed down.
When, in the latter part of .March, Web
ster was put in office by the court's
dei Ision he presented claims for salary
from January i to March but Brod
erick held them up on the ground that
the salary had already been paid to Bab
"Webster contended that Babcock
had no 'right to draw it. but Broderick
was obdurate, and Webster finally let the
matter pass.
A few weeks ago the warrants came to
the attention of Auditor Wells, who
looked up the history of the case and then
Bought the advi< f his attorney, John
H. Dickinson, who advised him that the
claims should be at once paid, and of that
fact Mr. Wells yesterday Informed the
Superintendent. He also signed the war
rants and directed that they be paid out
of the general fund.
An Official Visit.
The past and present officers of the Su
preme Lodge of the Friends of the For
est paid an official visit last night to Lin
coln Lodge for the purpose of making
themselves acquainted with the condition
of thai subordinate. The officials were
received with rill the honor due their rank
by a goodly number of the members and
of visitors. Under good of the order there
were offered a Dumber of valuable sug
gestions to be discussed in the several
lodges prior to the next session of the
supreme body. Lincoln Lodge will cele
brate the third anniversary ol its institu
tion by an entertainment and banquet in
its lodge room in the Odd Fellows 1 build
ing.
Official Canvass Begun.
The Board of Election Commissioners
began the official canvass of the election
returns yesterday, it was decided to de
vote six hours a day to the work, the
Commissioners alternating from day to
day. No appreciable differences were
found in the first precincts counted.
The following tally clerks were appoint
ed: John J. Liebert Jr. and Robert
Mitchell, Republicans; J. h. Zemansky
and Francis Sullivan. Democrats. L. J.
Welch, Democrat, and W. YV. Biiusman,
Republican, were appointed to handle the
ballots. The compensation of tbese em
ployes will be fixed later. The salaries of
election officers will be paid on Thursday.
Ladies' tailor-made suits, fur capes, cloaks.
Credit. M. Rothschild, 334 Post si. •
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
AND NEWS
SUMMARY, OF THE MARKETS.
Silver declined. Sterling Exchange lower.
Another decline in Wheat. Barley still stagnant.
. Corn and Rye unchanged.
A furtfier general advance in Beans.
Hay weak, though receipts are somewhat lighter.
itoes and Vegetables stand about the same.
cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. Came firm.
Butter and CJieese show no change.
Ranch Eggs scarce and Arm.
Oranges as previously quoted. Lemons weaker and dull.
Choice Apples bringing fine .prices here and in England.
Cranberries in Hght supply and still higher.
Dried Fruit unchanged.
Nothing new in Provisions.
Cannel Coal advanced.
Charters.
The schooners Vine and Transit load mer
chandise for Honolulu.
The Sierra Miranda loads wheat at Fort
land for Europe, 37s 6d— prior to arrival.
Barley, Oats and Hay.
The circular of George Morrow & Co. soys:
"Barley— R^-eipts last week. 53.390 centals
Stocks on hand in all Call Board warehouses
on Ist lnst. amounted to 93.816 tons, an In
crease for the month of 10,000 tons, which is
simply another evidence of the scarcity of
fillips. Europe stands ready to take all our
good export barley, but shippers, cannot pay
the Llmost prohibitive tariff for vessels to
carry it there.
"Recent heavy rains have naturally tended
to weaken the speculative and local sample
markets, and unless holders of large blocks
of barley now in warehousa can hold the mar
ket up in spite of the natural odds against
them the market la very likely to go still
lower. The local demand for .-;... teed is very
limited at present and buyers act with cau
tion in expectation of lower prices In the near
future. * * .
"Oats— Receipts last week. 34.055 centals.
To us the most remarkable thing about the
oat market is the fact that California still
continues at this late date to supply herself
bo largely with oats. This week Oregon only
gives ua 43i:. centals and Washington 7750
cental.". The balance is California's own con
tribution. We cannot recall the year when
California has supplied so many oats at this
time of the year. _.
'•Choice and sound oat." continue scarce. Of
ferings are very largely composed of Inferior
and off-grn.de cats, and the market for same
Is dull and weak In sympathy with barley
and other cereals.
"Hay— Receipts last week. 3346 tons. At the
opening of the week the market was inclined
ti b» a trif.e soft under increaptM receipts.
Fcr three days there was no market owing
to the prevailing rain. It is hard to get an
accurate line on the market under the clr
• cumslances. but the chances are good for
somewhat lower prices when the weather
clears. This storm will no doubt put the
finishing touches on a great deal of the hay
which wa.s still in the Held, and to that ex
tent the market should be benefited, but there
Is now no question tut what the stocks of
hay on November 1. available for this market,
wlil equal if not exceed 150,000 tons. This is
cortalnly more than enough to carry us along
until the new crop, which promises to be again
very large. On the whole the outlook, Is not
encouraging."
Weather Report.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Nov. 13. 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of th* same date
last season and rainfall in last twenty-four
! Last This Last
24 hours, season, season.
Eureka 0.06 5.79 4.03 ■
Red Bluff Trace 4.54 0.91
Sacramento 0.00 5.82 1.00
San Francisco 0.00 5.44 1.92
y rP!m o 0.00 2.50 1.15
Independence 0.00 0.37 0.31
Pan Luis Obl?po ' 0.00 4.38 . . 0.f.3
I, 1 Angeles 0.00 1-57 O.IS
San Diego O.W 0.42 0.07
Yuma 0.00 O.OS CIS
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
64; minimum, SS; mean. 61.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly off the coast
of Northern California. The area of low pres
sure has moved northward, and .1 storm of
moderate energy is to-night over Vancouver
Island and will apparently ; pass over and
through the British possessions.
The temperature has rhsen ovnr Oregon and
Washington. Throughout California it has re.
jnained nearly stationary. In the great valleys
of California the temperatures are from two to
tlx degrees above the normal.
A maximum wind velocity of fifty-six miles
per hour from the southeast la reported from
Fort Canby.
The weather has been rally cloudy over
the Pacific Slope, with light showers on the
coast north of San Francisco.
Forecast made at han Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight, November 14. 1599:
Northern California— Cloudy Tuesday; light
Fhnwers in the northern portion early in the
morning; coo'er; southerly, changing to north
erly, winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; cooler;
In northern portion northerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday.
Utah— Fair Tuesday; cooler.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy In the
morning; probably fair in the afternoon and
during the night; cooler, with northerly win la
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Nov. 13.-The stock market
showed a short lived hesitation at the opening
this morning and then turned upward. There
was no Important backset for the rest of the
day, and the market closed quiet and firm at
about the top level and at an average of prices
a point or more above that of Saturday.
Early hesitation was caused by the general
conviction that the Increased deficit in the
banks surplus reserve shown by the Saturday
statement would necessitate a large loan con
traction. There was a large demand for money
during the day, but it became manifest early
that there was an abundant supply. The bears
who sold stocks Saturday In anticipation of
forced liquidation began promptly to-day to
buy to cover their short contracts. This was
a considerable element In the day's strength.
So. also, was the buying for London account,
which reached •■!■- high as 60,000 shares. This
buying, besides its direct effect, had a' senti
mental Influence, as indicating a reserve foreo
In that market against possible withdrawals
of gola for shipment to New York. The course
of the foreign exchange market during the day
gave color to the conviction in speculative
circles that gold imports are near at hand The
tone of the exchange market during the day
was characterized as demoralised Demand
Filling was sold at one time during the day
at a concession below U 85. At that rate It Is
believed that a small loss would be involved
In the Importation of gold. But It was the
belief on the stock exchange that such an
Importation would be undertaken tor the senti
mental effect on the securities market
The exchange market steadied somewhat with
the late fall in the money market. The limited
culling of loans made it manifest that the con
traction of credits on last Friday had placed
the banks In a better position than was fully
reflected In the weekly bank statement i A '
leans were made on account of the local trust
companies, and the rate was forced down from
the opening at 12 per cert to 5 per cent There
•was some relief to the money market from the
leceipt of over J1. 000.000 gold from China, and
several hundred thousand dollars to the assay
on account of gold deposited at interior point:)
Outside financial institutions are said to be
placing loans on a large scale In the stock
market. A suggestion of possible sources of re
lief for local borrowers aside from the banks Is
found In the last balance sheet of the Man
hattan Railway Company, where the item of
loans on call for September 30. 1899, had ex
panded over $13,000,000 compared with the year
before. The fact that the general course of
prices of stooka "luring the past six weeks has
been upward, while the New York banks have
been steadily contracting their credits, indi
cates that borrowers, must have had other
sources of supply on which they have freely
drawn. A feature of to-day's money market
was the enlarged demand in the stock market
for time loans, which were firmly held at (
per cent.
Prices of bonds did not fully respond to the
strength in stocks, but there were sharp rallies
In Borne issues that showed early weakness.
Total sales, par value, $1,686,000.
United Slates old is i entered advanced ! 4
i and the 3b ~, in the bid price. The 6s declined
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
6hares Closing
sold. Stocks— • Bid
i 3,l'tXt Atchison 22V1
! 32,^i Atchlsou prefd "... ."'.'. G5
COO Baltimore £■ Ohio 61%
( 200 Canadian Pacific 'M\
200 Canada Southern 63
3,475 Chesapeake it Ohio 27^
2.20J Chicago Great Western H^
li.Wa Chicago. Burlington & Quincy 132J4
JOt) Chicago, Indianapolis & Louisville. 11
I — ••• Chicago, lnd & Louisville prefd 42
300 Chicago & Eastern Illinois ibhi i
..luO Chicago & Northwestern 167 Vi i
t>,-sio Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... 113^
j 4.075 CCC &St Louis £y\
A 367 Colorado Southern 1 i>v» !
Colorado Southern Ist prefd 40'^ i
200 ■ rado Southern :'d prefd Is'-. |
2.0b0 Delaware & Hudson 120% I
3,037 Delaware, Lack a- Western lii't
iOO Denver 6c. Rio Grande ''I' 4
L4OO Denver & Rio Grande prefd...' . 74^ j
2oy Ivrie ;..;; 231 |
400 Erie Ist prefd ..'..'.'.'.'.".'.'.'. 37% j
2.200 Great Northern prefd 17;:' I
Hocking Coal is
100 Hocking Valley 3i«
1.360 Illinois Central '...lli^
lowa Central 13U ;
200 lowa Centra] pi-eft! 57u i
400 Kansas City. I'ittsburg &. Gulf Sfc
J-iike Erie & Western is
Lane Erie i; Western prefd 77
Lake Shore i^.s
7,570 Louisville & Nashville .".'.'.'.'.7 i>6%
47.3.15 Manhattan Elevated 103;,
i.".." Metropolitan Street Railway I9j' ;
700 Mexican Central 13 I
100 Minneapolis & St Louis '...] 71
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd . \4
13,720 Missouri Pacific +-■
100 Mobile & Ohio " 45
1.2Ci0 Missouri. Kansas & Texas ~ I2*g
4 '" Missouri, Kansas .-. Texas prefd... 3^
1.4« New Jersey Central . .. 123'
4.150 New York Central 136« i
9.050 Norfolk ,-. Western 27 '
1.427 Norfolk & Western prefd 70Vi I
4.256 Northern Pacific £,4^ i
1.480 Northern Pacific prefd 74%
3.5u0 Ontario & Western i",a.
Oregon Railway & Xav "."."."."" 42
Oregon Railway & Nay prefd 76
5.474 Pennsylvania . . . l^si
300 Reading .....'.'.'.'.'.'.'. oq.?
5.%0 Reading Ist prefd ssv
3.220 Reading 2d prefd " 30^
Rio Grande Western !. 371:,
....... Rio Grande Western prefd .".'" S3 "
100 St Louis & San Francisco io»i
St Louis & S F Ist i refd Km
800 St Lou '.3 &SF 2d prefd 3Gi*
St Louis, Southwestern 13'
2.135 St Louis, Southwestern . prefd - :v;;:^^
St Paul prefd .'." ".' 170»i
I.OIU St Paul & Omaha 117
160,770 Southern Pacific .'.'.' 43
3.450 Southern Railway . " 131;
7.000 Southern Railway prefd S7W
1.230 Texas & Pacific ■ ■ isil I
13,075 Union Pacific 7.?
6,917 Union Pacific prefd '" ■jri!
100 Wabash '....: .'..".'."" 74
2,450 Wabash prefd " 2->i
1,200 Wheeling & L E '.'."."".7."" 11*
612 Wheeling & L E 2d prefd " 29V
332 Wisconsin Centra] .*; 20V4
Express companies—
Adams jj2
American " " "*I4S
..y.... United States ..'/_ 4v
Wells-Fargo '.'.'.l2J
Miscellaneous—
1.400 American Cotton OH 44U
American Cotton Oil prefd [" 9,-u
500 American Malting ..'.'.'. it
125 American Malting prefd 45
1.089 American Smelting &. Refin ...'. 35
2,110 American Smelting & Refin prefd." 87
100 American Spirits 414
American Spirits prefd .. 17"!
1.. ) 00 American Steel Hoop ...42%
COO American Steel Hoop prefd.... fit
5.525 American Steel & Wire 471J,
2,300 American Steel & Wire prefd ' 93 "
250 American Tin Plate 3254
100 American Tin Plate prefd " (,2'i
24.758 American Tobacco usi^
100 American Tobacco prefd 143 "
1,220 Anaconda Mining Co ' 45V
40.530 Brooklyn Rapid Transit "" 5754
2,250 Colorado Fuel & Iron ' 54
7, 4S'> Continental Tobacco \ 4134
650 Continental Tobacco prefd " 91 v>
9.250 Federal Steel ' " 551?
2.10 T. Federal St( •■: prefd ;; 7g2
450 General Electric *.!!122
400 Glucose Sugar " 471/
100 Glucose Sugar pr*fd ....'. MM
1,400 International Paper ) 25% <■
¥») International Paper prefd ...'. (ii,
950 Laclede Gas '/■ 77
400 National Biscuit .40%
National Biscuit prefd 100
'National Lead 2S<,i
205 National Lead prefd 107 "
1.500 National Steel 4C u
&M National Steel prefd -
New York Air Brake '.Y.ltr,
1,500 North American .18 !
500 Pacific Coast '. fjlJ i/ '
150 Pacific Coast Ist prefd "" f,-.
Pacific Coast 2d prefd rr, .
1.425 Pacific Mall ''• 4 ,.v ;
5,040 People's Gas I. "ll'"'
ISS Pressed Steel Car 55^
100 Pressed Steel Car pr«fd '.".'.'.'.'. S3 :
1,000 Pullman Palace Car U.rKl94U'|
1,750 Standard Rope & Twine ;~~ j;a?
46.750 Sugar ..." .!1.",.TV
22 Sugar prefd 117 vt
9.220 Tennessee Coal & Iron 1147*
H.SB6 United States Leather '."" 2i~l
6.950 United States Leather prefd *" 7* 7"
470 United States Rubber '" 47 I
110 United States Rubber prefd.. '1111/ !
250 Western Union **& \
1.410 Republic Iron & Steel ."" 24V4
Republic Iron & Steel " " go
c c & st Louis ;;;;;; 74
670,700 Shares Bold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U B 2s reg lOO^M X « T 2ds B9V
r S 3s reg lOSViiM X & T 4s.'.'.'.'.'.'. 92*;
V B to coup 108V4 N V Centra] I«U."llX«
U s new 4s regr.T.l29% x.T Cent gen 5a 119
U S new 4s coup.. 129% x Carolina 6a "127
T S old 4: reg....112% N Carolina 4s. 104
V S old 4s coup...H2»i|N Pacific ists 113
UB 5a res 110% X Pacific 3a ..65
U S 5a coup 110% N Pacific 48.... 101
D of Col 3. 65s 117 X Y<■ & s L 4a""105V4
Alabama class A. .112 X & W con 4s. ' " &•>
Alabama class 8..110 IX & W gen 65.'.'."135
Alabama class C..101 Or Nay 15t8.....'."]08
Alabama Currency. 100 Or Nay 45... . 163
Atchinson »,'en»4K.. 95% Or Short Line 6s'.!l2S
Atcbison aaj i 5.... Kl^jOr s Line con ob 114
Canada Bo 2ds — 10SH' Reading Gen 45.. 86*1
Ches & Ohio 4Vi».. 95H R G W lsts .... ■-
Chfs & Ohio 55.. .1161.4. !S L & I M con 5a 110
C & NW Con 78...140'ijS L & S F <; Cs.. 124U
CXW S F deb Bs.llß i St Paul cons.. 168
Cb«O Terminal 4s. 9«>£|S P C & p lsts...US
D& R G Ists 1024 SPC& P s ... 120%
D&.R G4s us Ba 'Railway J8....10S
T Term &&G lsts.lO3%lStand R & T 65... S4
Erie General 45... 70 iTenn new s»t 3s 97
P \V & D C lsts.. 7<! Tex & Pac lsts 114
Gen Electric 55...119 Tex & Pae 2d5.... 55
G H & S A 6s 109 (Union Pacific 45...10.tu
G H & S A 2ds...lO3V4lWahash lsts . 11; "
H&T Css 110% Wabash 2da .... 100 :
II & T C con 65.. .110 West Snore 45.... 113
lowa Central is ts. .113 'Wls Cent lets.. . 75
KCP ft G lsts... 71 Va Centuries g.s •
La new cons 4s 106 Vn. deferred .. 5
La & X Unl 45.... 99^ Colo Southern 45.. S<*4 !
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 7 75 I
Crown Point 10 Qphlr r s
Con Cal & Va 1 2* Plymouth i 0
DeadWOOd 65 Quicksilver 1 f,o
Gould & Curry M Do prefd 700
Hale & Norcross.. 35 Sierra Nevada SO
Homstake 65 00 Standard 2 CO
Iron Silver 58 Union Con ■•■,
Mexican 29 Yellow Jacket is
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Wis Cent 20 j
Call loans sH<?T'' Dominion Coal 4,
Time loans s'/4@6, Do prefd Hg !
Stocks— ; Bonds—
Atch Top & S F.. 22 Atchison 4s 95 i
Do prefd 65 Mining Shares-
Am Sugar 153% Adventure ( j
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 18!>0.
Bell Tel 352 Allouez Mng C 0... 1%
Boston & A1bany. .2.:.5 Atlantic 25%
Boston L ...106 Boston & Mont 310
Boston & Maine.. .205 Pur*- & t0n.... 64%
C B & Q 132 Calumet & Hec1a..745
Fitchburg prefd. ..l2l Centennial 224
Gen !.;-■■ 122 (Franklin 17
Federal Steel 56V Humboldt IV4
Do prefd 78V& Or la 81
Mexican Cent 13 Parrot 42
Old Colony 20S Quincy 150
Old Dominion 29% S F Copper 7%
Rubber 47 Tamarack 212%
Union Pac Wlnona ~\
Union Land ?,'■, Wolverines 42-.
West End 93 .Utah 35
Do P ref(i 115' '
Nerv York Money Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— Money on call, firm,
at 4©]2 per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; ruling
rate. S@9 per cent. Prime mercantile paper. 5
(Jff) 3 * per cent Sterling exchange weak, with
actual business in bankers' bill at $4 Ss^i for
demand and at $4 803404 81 for sixty days:
posted rates, $4 81%<g>4 82% and S4 SCVi'tf-l 87;
commercial bills, J4 80. Silver certificates, 59%
OGOc. Bar Silver. 59c. Mexican dollars, 47Vic.
Government bonds, Irregular; State bunds. In
active; railroad bonds, irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13. The Cnmmerolal Ad
-1 vertlser'a London financial cablegram says:
The settlement Interrupted business here I
to B me extent. The tone was firm and the
! account was found larger than had been
thought. Money waa dearer, the Kink* eharg
j Ing E 1 ■ exchange. American securt
were bought throughuui the Beaslon. There
was 11 slight ..heck In the .Sealing? In them, but
: they closed at the lures were Southern
■ and Louisville. The genera] embargo
was ' : - St, Paul tlie rate was 5 per
cent. Spanish fours were 64%. Copper shares
■ Irregular. The met Ja ■■<■■-•■ weak
■ 1 r.-lfi. Call
amount of £
; was engagi 1 foi t, destination not stated,
The bank raised
Its Belling ■ ■ • 76a M, the mar
ket bidding only .
• U ISING.
LONDON, Nov. 13 Canadian Pacific, 97U;
Union Pacific preferred, 7^; Northern Pacific
Grand Trunk,
74; .• . I .:■ Silver, quiet, .
1 Money, :'■■.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW York, Nov. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.
16,133; exports, 35.409 barrels.
WHEAT— Receipts. 64,325; exports. 278.868.
Spot easy; No. 2 red. 72% c f. o. b. afloat spot;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. 76V*c f. o. b. afloat to
arrive; No. 2 red, 72 _■■ elevator; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 7Sc f. o. b. afloat spot. Options weak
at a decline of '-. under lower cables and
heavy world's shipments. Later the market
rallied and ruled more active on covering, fol
lowing reports of Hessian fly damage In Illi
nois and the smaller than expected increase In
the visible supply. < ':■••.! firm at a net de
cline of v-j l i!' to a net advance of %c. March,
7jg7s'4c, closed at 75' / *o; May, 75%^}75?*c. closed
at 75T^c; December, 71 7- 16 71 13-16 c, closed at
71V\
HIDES—
LEATHER— St. 'adv.
WOOL
METALS -To-day's market for metals was
weak to the point bordering upon utter de
moralization In several departments, this be
ing particularly true of tin. Notwithstanding
the recent Berioua declines offerings were made
at much lower prices as soon as ihe market
opened, Hers being prompted to take this
course by weak English cables and bad reports
from the West. Buyers procrastinated through
out. At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG I RON*— Warrants weak, with sail and
sellers at $1 75.
COPPER— dull at $17.
TlN— Demoralized, with sales and sellers at
$26 75 for spot and $25 s7'-i for December.
LEAD— Quiet at $4 07^.@4 62%
SPELTER— Unchanged at $4 65@4 75.
The brokers' price for lead is $4 40 and for
copper $17.
COFFEE— Options closed easy at IO@IS points
net lower. Sales, 22,750 bags. Including No
vember. $5 35: December and January, $5 40;
February, $■"■ 4.">; March ?.". 4.")'tfs 70; May, $5 70;
August. $.", ">: September, $5 S.VS7I;; October,
$."1 95<STG 10. Spot en five— Rio unsettled and some
what nominal. Mild, quiet.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet. Refined, quiet, but
steady.
BUTTER— 4035 packages; strong;
Western creamery. 18@2Sc; June creamery, 18@
24c: factory, 15® 17c.
EGGS Receipts, 7538 packages; strong; West
ern ungraded at mark, 14@17c.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Nov. 18. California dried fruits
steady. Evaporated Apples — Common, ai~e;
prime wire tray, 7%@Sc; choice, B%<jsßVic;
fancy. S'i'TiSc. Prunes— S'i'SS'ic. Apricots-
Royal, 13ft l">c; Moorpark, Is@lßc. Peaches-
Peeled, 20<g22c; unpeeled. 7'iffilOc.
Chicago Grain Market.
■ CHICAGO, Nov. 13.- Wheat opened weak and
; lower. Statistics wore bearish, as expected,
ami the market showed the effect by opening
H@%C under Saturday's close, December at 66%
<yGS* t c and May at 70M-ffi7o%c, prices which
were considerably ' ■■! ■■■w puts. -The depressing
tone of news was oven more emphatic than had
been expected. The world's shipments for last
week wore over the estimate, Russia looming
up with 2,000,000 bushels, making: the aggregate
8.700.000. Liverpool was weak all day, and re
ported a good Increase in stocks. Local stocks
Increased more than could be accounted for In I
the making of two private bouses regular, and
the visible, with the lakes yet to report, In
creased 2,128,1 '". 'With the exception of a few
damage reports from Illionis and Ohio, crop
conditions were reported perfect. Buying
against puts and a little covering by shorts
caused a little rally following the opening. De
ci-mber touched 86% c and May 70% c. Decem
ber failed to hold against the liquidation which
net in with the bulge and continued scattering
but persistent until near the close. December, I
owing to the change of that option for more i
distant future, told off to CGM;CtIG%e.' while May
advanced and held steady. Near Ihe end of the :
session those who Bold short Saturday bought i
li.erally to cover. December advanced to 67%e
and May 71% c. at which prices they closed.
Save the animation of the close the market'
wan dull and heavy all day. Trading was
principally in the way of changing from De
cember to May contracts.
Corn was comparatively steady at the open
-1 Tit- despite the weakness of wheat. Country
ofieiings were early reported very smalj, while
th«> decrease in the domestic visible '.: 923 000
bushels was larger than expected. These fac
tors sustained the Trice for some time, but
December, except far changes In the May op
tion, was heavnv sold later In the session and
declined sharply. May holding Its own. Decem
ber closed H'fi^c lov-er. May closed a shade
1: i i- 1 <■?■ at 32% c.
Oats were weak and a shade lower with
other grains. . Little business was done and
fluctuations were narrow. December closed
at 22Vic. ■'■:- ■-" ■"
Provisions were heavy early with grain and
failed to improve when the cereals advanced
The supply of hogs was liberal and prices for
them lower, which v,-as also an Influence. The
rnp<*e of prices was -mall, a little unimportant
liquidation by commission houses being most
of the business transacted. Janary pork closed
5c lower, January ribs a shade lower and Jan
uar-- lard 5c lower. ;Bgffi*s9!
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
December C6>v; 67% C 6% 67 V*
May 70% 71% 70% 71%
Corn No. 2 —
December 8«4 31% 30% 31 4
January 80% 80% 30% " 30%
May 32% 32% 32U, 32%
Oats No. 2—
December 22' i 22"-< 1 22% 22V1
May 23% 23% 23% 2 34
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 8 12% 816 8 12V. 815
January - 966 9 r.7',4 9 52% '.'..:.
May 9 62% 9 G7% 9 C 2% 066
Lard, per 10 lbs—
ember . . 00 6 02% 4 97% 600
January T. 20 52) 6 17% 6 17% i
May 688 E35 5 32% 6 322 i
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— **
December 4 £2% 4 82K 4 82% 4 $2%
January 495 495 4 82% 4So *
Cash quotation!? were ns follows: Flour oasV-
No. 3 Spring Wheat, 6S@6sc; No, 2 Red; 67068 c*
No. 2 Corn, ZW^^V/nc: No. 2 Oats. 23J323tte; No'
S White, 24%@25%c; No. 2 Uye, 43c; No 2 Bar
ley, 87 . 12- No. I Flax Seed, •■■ 28%; Prime
Ti.nnthy Seed. ?2 45!jf2 55; Mess Pork, per bbl
$7 70f(515; Lard, per 100 lbs. $3Q'.'> 12Vi; Short
rib Sides (loose), *4ST>@525; Dry Salted Shoul
ders (boxed), 5%(i?5U-< > ; Short Clear Sides
(boxed). $5 20*05 25; Whisky, distillers' finished
coods, per gal, $1 23%. . '
Articles Receipt*. Shipments" t
Flour, barrels 14.000 22 000 i
. i.' at, bshels 87,000 15 000 !
Corn, bushels 182. (hhj 630,Wj0 :
(•ate, bushels 222.000 447,000 I
Rye. bushels ■ a. 000 :j[noo i
Barley, - bushels 82.000 14.0i.i0 i
On the Produce Exchange to-day th« Gutter i
market was firm. Creamery, 15©24% i;; dairy i
14521 c. Cheese, weak; Il%ifl2<ic Et'Ka, Him', j
18c. i_
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— Dec Mar. May.
Opening 5 914 , 5 10%* 511
Closing 6 9 6 10% 6 10%
PAKIS.
Wheat— Nov. Mar. -June.
Opening 17 65 18 90
Closing .'"1".'.'.".... 17 55 IS 75
Flour-
Opening .. 23 75 25 10
j Closing ...."'.'.'..'....'.. 23 56 24 80
California Fruit Sales.
CHICAGO, Nov. 13.— Porter Bros. Co. sales
of California fruit: crapes Cornlchons, $1 25
single crate; Verdells, I'D.- to 51 10; Ferrers.
. Tokays, 55 to 96c single and $1 60 double
crate.
Karl Fruit Company Rales: Grapes—Emper
ors, 85c to $1 IE single crate; Red Emperors. 65c
to $1 2.".; clusters $1 C to $1 95: Persimmons,
average $2 50; Tokays, 60c to 70c; Winter Nells,
$1 25 to $2 35. Pour cars fruit ■ >la\
NEW Yi'KK. N r] Fruit Company
sales California fruit: Grai - Eled Emperor.
$1 BO to $2 33 single crates; Clusters, $2
%'! CO; Emperor, ll 45 to ?- 10. Three ears fruit
sold.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Nov. IS.— CATTLE— Actl\'e de
man.i; best, steady: others. 10@l5c lower than
"Friday. Western rangers, top, $5 50: cows, mar
ket steady; canners. firm; feeders, steady; good
to choice, (iCf^f,;,- poor to medium. $4 40®
5 CO; mixed stockers $B@3 50;. selected feeders,
$4 20«T4 CO; good to choice cows, $3 75@485; heif
ers. $3 60®5 25; canners. $1 So@3; bulls, $2 25*?
4 25; calves $4@7 25; fed Texas beeves. . $4 CO®
520; grass Texas steers, $3 250415; Western
range l .-.-v^s $406 50.
HOGS— Closed strong at 5c decline. Mixed
and butchers, 5:: 9054 20; good to choice heavy,
$4 05©4 20; rough heavy. $3 SO©'*; light, $3 90®
4 15; bulk of sales, $4if4 15.
SHEEP Steady; lambs, active. JOe lower
than Friday. Receipts, three-quarter native
lambs. Good clearances. Native wethers. $3 75
@4 65; lambs, $4®5 25; Western wethers, $4@4 75;
Western lambs, $4 7506 35.
Receipts— Cattle 27.000; hogs, 42.000; sheep,
26.000.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat on
Saturday, November 11. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat 52 562 000, Increase 1.561.000; corn 11,189,-
COO. decrease 903,000; oats 0,706,000. decrease 252,
--000; rye 1,250.000. increase 294,000; barley 2,641,
--000, decrease 717,000.
Cash in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows: Available cash balances,
?230,460.t;i;; gold reserve, -
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Nov. it.— Consols, 10315-16; Silver.
27% d; French Rentes. 1 : 8 : wheat cargoes
ULge, easier
and aegleeted, 3d lower; English country mar
kets, pi I M cheaper; Imi rts of wheat into
Imports of
i! ur Into United Kingdom, 185,000 bbls; ■
an.l flour on passage to United Kingdom,
00; wheat and flour on passage to Con
■
LIVERPOOL, Xnv. 13.— Wheat, easy; wheat
rls, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country marki I
-' IN Qplan la 13 32d.
<■}.< IE
LIVERPOOL, N tEAT iSpot No. 2
red Western winter, easy, 5a ! ■!: No. l North
!. Fimin-s. quli I
r, 6a :M; March. 5a !o%d; May, 5c : I
CORN— Spot Ai ■ i new, dull, 3s
;".■'•» J : do old. 3s 5%d Futures, quiet; N
ber, nominal; December, 3s 5 7 sd; January. 3s
6%d.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. 13— Clearings. $52
470; balances, J35.331.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or.. Nov. IS.— Locally the
wheat situation remains lifeless nnd 53c
quoted as about t)>e top i'lice fur Walla Walla,
with Valley dragging along at 54c and no one
willing to operate.
red British bark Royal Forth, for
with 17-." -"I bushels wheat.
w ASHINGI 1 'X.
TACOMA, Wash, Nov. 13.— 0n account of
high prices for charters fi r ships, with a large
I oi wheat In slpht an.l no demand,
prices fell off a cent to-day. Club, 51c; Blue
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, sixty flays — — $4 82
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 S6
Sterling Cables — 4 "-7 ,
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 12W
Mexican Dollars 43 4sVa
Fine Silver, per ounce — 59
:
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— AII conditions seem to be against
the market and prices are lower again.
Liverpool and Paris were both lower and Chi
cago was weak In sympathy, with do support.
The visible supply Increased I.SGO.OuO bushels,
excluding the lakes and canal, and the warld's
shipments for the week were 8,750,000 bushels.
Along in the forenoon the market strengthened,
under tree purchasing by New York and |o«s
visible supplies than had been expected, but t
weakened off again under an Increase of 2,750,000
bushels In the visible supply of Europe. There
was little demand, except to Dll shorts.
Spot Wheat Shipping. $101140102%; milling,
$1 05© 1 07',i.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— May, 4000
rtls, $! 10%; 2000. $1 10"4. December, 12,0t)0
$1 03%; is.wo, Jio3%; sow, li 03 3 ;.
Second Session— May— lo,ooo ctls. $1 V*i; 12.0-X)
$1 10V,; 32,0«. i, $1 10V4- December, 26.000, $103;
SuOO, $1 03 Vs.
Regular Morning Session— December 3S. 00)
! ctls, SI 03%; 16,000. $1 03U. May— 46.ooo, $1 10%.
Afternoon Session— May— lo,ooo ctls. $1 i-l. ■
J2 000 II 10%: 14.000, $1 10%; 18.000, $1 MS. 40,000
51 10; 2000, $1 00%: 000, 11 09% December—
4'JOO. $1 03.*; 5000, $1.03: 2000, Si 02%.
BARLEY— The market continues sluggish at
' unchanged prices.
Teed, ~:iii^<c; Brewing and shipping grades
St'li9sc; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls December—
SOOO ctls. K3e; 2000, 83% C.
Second Session— December 6000 ctls, S3^c.
-Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
• OATS— Previous prices rule, with light trad-
Ing. Holders continue firm and exact full
ligiires.
White. $1 10i?l 30; Red, $1 07%@i 17%; Gray
$107%@117%; Black, 97',ic(S$l 10.
CORN ■•■■ tern large yellow, $1 05@i 07u-
White, fl fi.vrn 07V?: mixed, $1 02V4@l 05 per ctl'
RYE— »7>,i-?(i?$l 02% Per ctl. •
BUCKWHJ . ■■'! at $1 So@2 16 per ctl
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California family extras, $3 cn^:; 75
usual terms; bakers' extras, ft 40Q3 SO; Oregon
and Washington, J3 40J/3 60 per barrel for ex- !
! tra. $3 2iry3 in lor bakers, and ?2 254j3 for super '
i line. * " 1
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
! lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, *3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 7.V Rye 1
Meal, |260; Rice Flour. »7: Cornmeal. }2 50- ex
tra Cream Corn Meal. $3 28; Oatmeal, $4 25-' Oat '
Groats, Si:.-. Hominy, $3 2S©3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. *4@4 2G; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina
$4 GO; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels), SCOS®6«; In tacks, J5855625; Pearl
Barley. $(,; Split Peas, 450: Green Peas, $5 per
luO lbs.
Hay and Feed stuffs.
Receipts of Hay have fallen off, and It Is a
good thing, for the market was becoming
gwampi I, especially as no auction could be held
|on rainy days. The feeling continues weak
though there Is no further decline
There is no change in Feedstuff's.
BRAN ;i, /i; 00 per ton.
MIDDLINGS -$19920 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. SlS@lß 50 per
ton; Oil Cr.ke Meal at the mill. *26®27; jobbing
«7B0a28; Cocoanut Cake, » m: Cornmeal
J23 sC(fi24 60; Cracked Corn. |24@26; Mixed Feed"
IUM017; Cottonseed Meal. 123 per ton. '
,. HA v ~ Whi it ,■■ ..' •50 tor common to good ana
*10 for choice; Wheat and Oat. $7 50(59 50-
Out $7fiS r,O; Barley. $s@B; Alfalfa. $s@i( Ve r
ton; i lon ,■<■■■ i a $7©lo per ton. '
STUAW— 30@4Sc per bale.
Beans and Seeds. '■:
There Is a renewed advance in Beans, both
white and colored, though the latter lead in
I HrnmosH. The demand Is good.
BEANS liayos. $2 86©3; Email White. $2 90 I
; <ii 3; large White, It 355? 2 45: Pinks, $2 55©2 75- i
i Reds, •::-,:, i ; Blackeye, $4 50® 4 75; Butters'
; nominal; Lima, $4 9005; Pea, $2 85(83; Red Kid
neyii $3©3 EO per ctJ. '.'.' ■
. BSBDB Brown Mustard. 3®S%c; Yellow Mus
tard, 4@4V4c; Flax, nominal; Canary, l%c per
lb fur California and 4c for Eastern; Alfalfa,
nominal; Rape, 2%<g30; Hemp, 4M4Vic; Timothy.
4®<Hc.
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $1 35@1 50; Green. »1 75
61 85 per ctl. •
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The markets urxler this head are dull and
featureless. Sweet Potatoes are slightly firmer.
POTATOES— River Reds. 50@60c; Hurbanks.
per ctl; Salinas Burbanka, $I^l 25: Or
gon Burbanka, Gr.r-fisl 1O; Sweet Potatoes, 75c<3>
• Hiv.rs and Sun OS tor Merced.
unions. 66@750 per c-y.
VEGETABLES -Green Peas ■S'tJio per lb:
String Beans, 4®6c: Cabbage, 35"a4nc; Toma
toes. 80@50c; Egg Plant. 40©50 c; 1 >ri«vi Okra,
12',jc per lb; Garlic. 2@3c; .;re»n Peppers
SEc per hex; Carrots. 30@40c pier sack; Cucum
bers, 40@50c; Marrowfat Squash S-^iiO per ton;
Mushrooms, B@loc per lb fur choice and 4fflsc
lor pour.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry went on yester
day, and there are more to follow.
Game continued firm, except Hare, which
were in larger supply and weaker. Doves ad
vanced and Quail were very strong.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@15c for Gob
blers and lS'&loc for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16
©17c; Dressed Turkoys. 1. ..■;■• . G< —. per pair.
■: 75; (JnrUinps, $1 50@l 75; l>ij''ks. ;
for old and $i 50®G SO for young; Hens, $4 ZO9
Ifoung Roosters, M'u.".; Old Roosters, $4 50-
Fryers, %i 50@4; broilers. .>:■: 25@3 ;,u for large.'
for Bmall; Pigeons, il 25 per dozen for
old and {1 ~,~i'&2 for Squabs.
OAME— Quail, $3; Mallard, $6@9; Canvasback
$6@10; Sprig. 1404 60; Teal. »8@? 60: Widgeon!
$2 50#3; Small Duck, J2H2 50; Doves, Bsc@sl
per dozen; Hani. $1 25{rl 60; Rabbits, $1 75;
Gray Ge^se, $3 f.Off 4 ; White, $1600175; Biant,
52f^3; English Snipe, $2 50 per dozen; Jack
Snipe, Jl 25@1 50.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
There was rather more activity In Butter at
former prices, with plenty on the market.
Cheese was unchanged.
Eggs are stiff and some sales of ranch at 41c
are being made, though the figure is rather
high for a flat quotation. There are very few
ranch Eggs coming in at the moment.
Bl TTKK
23c.
Dairy — Fancy, 23c; good to choice, 22@22%c;
common, 21c.
Pickled roll. 22@24c; firkin, 21@22%c; cream
ery tub, 22 1 /i'!i24c.
Eastern — for ladle packed and 25c for
Elgin; Oregon ladle. Halite per lb.
CHEESE- Choice mild new, llMtc; old, 10Mi@
lie; Young America, HV4c; Eastern, 14@15c.
EGGS- Quoted at 25@32%c for store and 38@
40c per dozen for ranch; Eastern, 27&23 c for
selected. 24<«26c for No. 1 and 20©22ftc for
seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
A car of fancy Oregon Apples Is selling at
$1 CO®l 75 per box. A car of strictly fancy
Newtown Pippins was recently sent to London
and netted the shipper $2 GO per box. There
is no fruit that pays better than Apples, If
they are fancy.
Oranges show no further change worthy of
note. Lemons are dull and weak. Receipts of
Grapes are slim.
Cranberries are higher and well cleaned up.
The Eastern market has lately advanced a dol
lar per barrel. •■ :•;* - ■"'• '. :'.-.\~
i)K<U)l.«irs FRUITS—
Apples, 35<fJ65c per box for common; 75c@$l
for good and $1 25*il 50 for choice.
BERRlES— Strawberries. per chest for
small and tiiit for large berries; Raspberries,
$5 per chest; Huckleberries, 4#sc per lb; Cape
Cod Cranberries, JS®lO; Coos Bay Cranberries,
$2(32 25 per box.
Persimmons , 75c@$l per box,
Grapes, 25«ti65c per box; crates. 50i385c.
Winter Pears. 50c@$l 25 per box.
Quinces, 50@75c per box.
Pomegranates. 60(3750 per small box and $150
@1 7c. per large box.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. ".M per
box; Seedlings, Jl 50@2 50; Grape Fruit. Jl®3;
Lemons, 75Ci?$l 50 for common and $2'o'3 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $4; Bananas, $2
4}3 50 per bunch; Pineapples, $l'g2 50 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, in packs. 4»ic for
4'~> for 50-60's, 3^4c ror W-TO's. 3Hc for
70-SO's. 3c for 80-90' s and 2%Jc for 90-100' s; Apri
cota. ll*®l3c for Royals. 12%®16c for Moor
parks and 12^14C for Blenheims; Peaches. T.'n
;,< (C for Standards, B@6%c for choice and 7c for
peeled Peaches, 12%016c; Evaporated
Apples. 7©7% C: Sun .h: per lb; Nec
tarines. S"ali3c per lb for red; Pears, 6^@Bc for
quarters and 6@loc for halves; Black Figs. 3@
Viic: White Figs. 4@6c; Bleached Plums, B@9c;
Unbleached Plums, 7®7%c for pitted and lfa
for unpltted.
RAISINb— tfieached Thompson's— Fancy, per
11, 10c; choice, 9c; standard. Sc; primo. fio- un
bleached Thompsons, per lb. 6c. Sultanas—
I Fancy, per H>. BV4c; choice, 7%c; standard, C —
| prime. sc: unbleached Sultanas. sc; Seedless'
50-lb boxes. 6c; 2-crown toose Muscatels, BVjo;
2-crown, 6H 0 : 4-crown, 7c; London Layers
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown, $1 60. Fancy
Clusters, S2; Deheea. J2 50: Imperjal. J3. All
are f. o. b. at common shipping points
In California,
NUXS— Chestnuts, S@l2Hc; Walnuts, 9iTloc for
standards, and LO%@llVfcc for softshell; Ai
monds, 12©13% c for paper-chell, lo^iio for soft
■ >'■ tor hardshell; Peanuts, 5%@6%c for
Eastern, and .'re for California; lirazii Nuts
7»-',isi-;c; Filberts, 11%@12c; Pecans, lOittllc-
Cocoanuta, t* & §6.
HONKV Comb, lU-ic for bright and 10^ for
llcht amber; water white extracted. 7', t i "
light amber extracted, 6H@7c; dark, oi»c per lb'
BiiKSWAX- 24(&2fic per lb.
Provisions.
CT-REP MEATS- Hacon, SUe per lb for
heavy, 9(f9Hc for light medium, lie for light,
12^c for extra light and 13c for sugar-cured";
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c; California
Hams, 12V2©13c: Mess Beef, $11 per bbl: extra
Mesa $12 50: Family, $14; extra Prime Pork
Jll'iO; extra clear. $16 50; mess. (15015 SO-
Smoked Heef. 12c per lb.
LARP— Tierces quoted at 6@6^4c per lb for
compound and 7c for pure; half-barrels pure
7Uc; 10-lb tins. Sc: 5-lb tins. S>4c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces, 7V§7%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
■.bout lc under quotations. Heavy salted steers
ll^c; medium, lie; light. lO^c; Cowhides, 10@
10'/4c; Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, 10c; Calf, 10c;
Dry Hides, sound. 17® 18c; culls and brands'
He; Dry Kip -and Veal, 16c:. Dry Calf, lSc'
Sheepskins, yearlings, 20<ff35c each; short Wool
35@60c each; medium, 70@90c; long Wool Jl©
! 25 each; Horse Elides, salt. $2 50 for large and
$U«1 50 for small; Colts. EOc.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5c per lb; No I
4 1 -c; refined. ; grease, 2^c.
WOOL—
Fall clip— Joaqnln plains. 7'4-<?!ic: South
ern. 7@loc; Middle County, !o®l2V4c; Humboldt
and Mendoc!no, HCfflCe; Eastern Oregon, ll@15c;
Valley Oregon, 15@lSc: Northern Mountain,
free, llijj 13c; Northern Mountain, defective, 9©
lie pet lb.
HOPS— SSIOc per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
BEEF— 7©7%C per lb for Steers and CV..ig7c for
Cow?.
YKAL— B@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7c; Ewes. 6Hc per lb.
LAMB— per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 5%c for small, s%®6Hc
for medium and 5©514 c for large; stock Hogs
aud Feeders, 6c; dressed Hogs, 7@S%c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7Jf7Vic: Wool
P.i_- 2S(<?3Oc: Fruit Bags, fie. 6V«c and 6%c for
the three grades of white and 7Vic for bleached
Jute.
COAL— Cannel has advanced. Wollington. $S
per ton; New Wellington. $x Southfleld Wel
lington, J7 50; Seattle, $6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay,
16; Wal'lsend, V^; Bcotch, ; Cumberland, $9 75
In bulk and $11 2"> in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thraclte F-sg, $13: Cannel, $9 SO per tun; Rock.
Springs and Caatle Gate, $9 CO; Coke. 513 per
ton in t''.ilk and $l. r > in sacks.
SUGAlt— Tlie Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash, in 100-lb bags:
i'ube<=. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5%c; Pow
dered, B^ic; Candy Granulated, sc; Dry Granu
lated 4 7 i.c; Confectioners' A. 4%c; California A,
; Magnolia A. 4V4c; Extra C. 4^o; Golden
C, 4'tc: liiirri-ls, l-16c more; half-barrels,
more: boxes, Vie more: SO-lh bags. %c more.
No order taken for less than 75 barrels or It 3
equivalent. Dominoes, half-barrels, 5%c; boxes.
6>4c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. NOVEMBER 13.
Flour qr sks ?,3,W rtaislns. bxs 3,450
Wheat, ctls 22.318 Straw, tons 12
Barley, ctls 113,2<"* Hay, tons 26tj
Oats, ctls Sin Wool, bags 22S
Corn, ctls 70 Eggs, dnx 6.210
Butter, ctls 129 1 Wine, gala 56.500
chc"se, ctls B I Brandy, gals 3,275
Tallow ctls 24S Leather, rolls ... 60
Beans, sks r,47lPelts, bdls 190
Potatoes, sks 3.8.H I-lme. hbls IS2
Onions, fiks Xl I Sugar, bhls 288
Bran, sks L 7ll l Sugar, sks 2.C70
Middlings, sks .. 5561 Chicory, bbls .... io
Shirts, sks 90 1 Hides, No 563
OREGON.
Flour. Qr sks Slfi:
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business on the Bond Exchange was lighter,!
on the morning session and there were no
fluctuations worthy of note.
The only change In the afternoon was an
advance In Contra Costa Water to $i -
The Pacific and Sunset Telephone com
panies will pay the usual monthly dividends on
1 Quarterly dividends of $1 per share are due
this month from the California Cotton Mills
of Oakland and the Central Gaslight Com
pany of this city. . .
The Spring Valley Water Company has de
clared the usual monthly dividend of 42 cents
per share, payable on the 20th.
The Alaska Packers' Association paid a divi
dend of 75 cents per share yesterday.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company
will pay a quarterly dividend of 6 cents per
share to-day.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Nov. 13—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid.A-k.
D S Bonds- Kqult G L Co. 6% «■
<s quar coup.. — — Mutual El Co. U% 14
is quar ret,-.... - - O G L & H.... — 47%
Is quar new... — 131 Pac Gas 1m... — 60
3s quar c0up...107%10S Pan Light Co.. 40% 41
, Miscellaneous— IS F G & L.... 57 57 1
Cal-Ft Cab 55. 117 — San Fran — 3%
C C Wat 55....105 Vi — Stockton Gas.. 12 —
Ed L & P 65.130 — ! Insurance—
V & Cl Ry 68.115 — Flrem^s Fund. 22o —
Geary-st R as. — 95 j Bank Stocks—
HC & S s'-js..lO7Mt — 'Anglo-Cal fiS —
L A Ky 55....105Vi106>2 Bank of Ca1...3r>5 405
LAI. Co 55.. 99 — jCal 9 D & T.. 95 97
Do «!itd 65.. 99 — Fidst National — 245
Do Ktr.d 55.. — • — Lon P & A... .129 —
LA& P R 55. 104 — Mer Ex — 16
Market-st 65. ..128% — Nev Nat 8k...183%190
Do Ist M E5.116?4n7V; Savings Banks—
•N CN G R 75. 112 — Ger S & L...1700 —
NR of Cal fis.ll6 — Hum S & L..1050 1160
NR of Cal ss. — 113% Mut Say 8k.... 39 —
NPC R H 65. 101 — :t> F Say U...600 —
NPC R R 55. 107 108 fay & L 50... — 85
N Cal R R -.9.112% — (Sec Say Bk — 310
OGL & H 55. 108 — Union T C 0....1400. ...1400 1440
Oak Trans 65. .111 112 Street Railroads—
Ocean S S ns.-lOS 109 California 120 —
Om C Ry «s.. — 12SVi ! scary P0 —
P&CI Ry 65..107V4 — Market-st 62 62%
Pk &O Ry 65. 115 — Oak SL & H. - &0
Powell-st R6s — 122 Presidio 20 30
Sac El G&Ros. — — : Powder —
SF & N P ss. 114% — California 170 ISO
S F & SJVas.llaVj — E Dynamite... 85 91
BRy of Sal 6s 108 V* — ! Giant Con Co.. 89&4 89%
SPof A fis.... — 114 I Vigor it 3 3^
I S P C 65(1905). — 111 Sugar—
is P C 1906). 11l — Hana P C 0.... 10% 10%
BP C 65 (191 2). 118 14 — Haw C&S Co — 96
BPCIs eg as. — — Honokaa S Co. 34 35
SPBr os 123 — Hutch S P Co. 27% 28
6 V Wat 65. ...114% — Kllauea S Co.. 26 .10
5 V Wat 45. ...103 — jMakawell SCo — 49
I 6 V W45(3dm).101% — Onomea S Co.. 36% 37
Btktn Gas 65.. — — j Paauhau S Co. 33% 34
Water Stocks— Miscellaneous—
Contra Costa.. 78% 79% A! Pack Assn. ll7^ll9
Mai n County. 50 — Mer Ex Assn.. — 100
Spring Valley. i~% 93 ;Or Pa nic S Co.. 92 92V4
Gas and Electric— Pae a F A 1% —
Cent Gas C 0... — — Pac C Bor C 0.145. 145 —
Cent L & P.... 6 7 , Par Paint Co.. 8% —
Morning Session.
Board—
200 Contra Costa Water 78 M
50 Contra Costa Water, s 3 78 00
155 Contra Costa Water 78 12%
$2000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 108 25
20 Giant Powder Con 89 00
75 Giant Powder Con 89 00
85 Giant Powder Con 89 25
5 Giant Powder Con 89 37H
250 Hutchlnson S P Co 28 25
20 Makaweli 49 00
30 Market Street Railway 62 00
25 Oceanic S 5 Co 92 00
10 Paauhau S P Co 34 00
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 57 2j
25 S V Water 97 75
30 S V Water 97 62»4
BOS V Water 97 50
65 S V Water 97 37%
Afternoon Session.
Board —
150 Contra Costa Water.* 78 50
30 Contra Costa Water 78 62V4
160 Contra Costa Water 78 7j
180 Contra Costa Water 79 00
25 Giant Powder Con 89 62% j
60 Giant Powder Con, s 90 89 50 1
2.'. Hana Plantation 1075
30 Hutchlnson S P Co 28 25
17:. Hutchinson S P Co 28 00
20 Market Street Railway 62 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 92 00
10 Onomea Sugar Co gt> 7»
30 Onomea Sugar Co 36 do
110 Paauhau S P Co 3* no
20 S V Water »< •"
10 S V Water, s 10 « <»
$100 U B 3s 107 °°
Street—
$1000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 108 25
60 Hutchinson S P Co -8.5
! SAX FRANCISCO STOCK AND EXCHANGE
BOARD.
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Contra Costa Water JS 00
65 Contra Costa Water i°.V-^*
20 Contra Costa Water << «j>
100 Equitable Gas «i g*
40 Paauhau Sugar Co ** «
60S V Water »8 uu
$5000 S V W 4s, 2d Mortgage 103 oO
Afternoon Session.
Board
s'! Contra Costa Water • 7S i2Vfc
40 Contra Costa Water '» ~>
50 Contra Costa Water IS 3«Vi
30 Giant Powder Con «J ou
20 Giant Powder Con S3 6.^
13 Giant Powder Con £» <;
60 Hutchlnson Sugar. Z» 2a
10 Market Street Railway 62.3
20 S V Water % v
100 Vigor It Powder ■» "ft
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
1-10 Home Oil Co 460 00
200 Petroleum Center *"
500 San Luis ; b iiVz
Street — •
200 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
Afternoon Session.
Board
-20 Blue Goose 30 50
25 Buckthorn * 50
200 New IJope :••••-• l X!
100 Pennsylvania Consolidated 100
--200 Petroleum Center 30
200 San Lul3 5 3.^
Street—
5 Blue Goose 30
2-10 Home Oil Co 460 00
500 San Luis 5 a 0
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANGE. -
Morning Session.
Board—
300 Tlda.l Wave 2 25
375 Barker Ranch 1 l«
•500 Century Oil Co '••-•• , ™
100 Grand Central Oil C 0... 2 60
100 Oakland Oil and Gas Co 40
Street— ,
400 Barker Ranch Oil Co 10
200 Century Oil Co •■••■••• •'•• *?
200 Oakland Oil and Gas Co 40
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Tidal Wave 2 25
300 Century Oil Co .. 85
300 Oakland Oil and Gas Co 40
Street —
100 San Joaquin O and D Co 95
200 Caribou ... 1 15
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Belcher 28] 300 Mexican 31
300 Best & Belcher 35 600 Ophir 67
200 Challenge 20 300 Sierra Nevada.. 36
200 Con Cal & ,Va.l 30 300 Union Con 23
3l)0 Gould & Curry 20 200 Union Con 24
100 Hale & Norcra 361 45 Yellow Jacket.. 20
» Afternoon Session.
500 Andes 13; 100 Hale & NOTCH 37
200 Best &■ Belcher 40 : 200 Ophir 77
'400 Con Cal & Va.l 35! 100 Ophir 78
5 Con Cal & Va.l 30 i 500 Potosi 20
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: (.;
Morning Session.
COO Best & Belcher 37' 400 Ophir <.... 71
800 Best & Belcher 39 500 Ophir 72 J
200 Challenge 21! 500 Ophir 73
200 Con Cal & V.I 27' = j 1500 Ophir 74
Mv Con Cal & Va.l 30 1 1100 Ophir 75
300 Con Cal & .V.I 32H 300 Ophir 76
2100 Con Cal & Va.l 35 j 700 Savage 17
200 Crown Point 111 400 Sierra Nevada. 3S
500 Gould & Curry 23! 200 Sierra Nevada.. 37
. 200 Mexican 32! 200 Union Con 27
1100 Mexican 34! ISO Union Con 24
50 Ophir 69 200 Utah 08 j
Afternoon Session.
1000 Bullion 06' too Ophir 76 I
300 Con Cal & V.I 32% i 300 Savage 15
400 Con Cal & Va.l 35 300 Sierra Nevada.. 37
200 Crown Point... 11 3QO Sierra Nevada-. 38
60 Hale & Norcrs 37 50 Union Con 26
900 Mexican 351 200 Utah 07
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Nov. 13—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 04|Kentuck — 02
Alta — "2 Lady Wash .... — 02
Andes 13 14 1 Mexican 34 35
Belcher 2S 29 Occidental 13 15
Best & Belcher 3S 40 Ophir 76/77
Bullion 05 07 Overman 14 15
Caledonia 54 Potosi 27 29
Chollar 19- 21 Savage li 16 j
Challenge M 22, Scorpion 02 -
Confidence 60 TOjSeg Belcher.... - 06
Con Cal & Va.l 35 140 Sierra Nevada. 36 37 i
Con Imperial... — 02 Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point.... 11 12. St Louis - 06
Exchequer — 02' Standard 253 —
Gould & Curry 22 23, Syndicate _ 06
Hale & Norcrs 3S . 39 Union Con 26 28
j u li a — 02 Utah 08 09
Justice 03 01 Yellow Jacket.. 18 20
■ a ■ ■ i'tiv ■::•>■
Sun, Moon and Tide.
♦« __— — -♦
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Tljne* and Heights of High and Lo w
Wafers at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
" thority of the Superintendent. .
NOTE— The high and low . waters occur at
AUCTION SALES -
THE
LEADING AUCTION SALE
*v_ OF THE SEASON *v
;£P» IS THAT OF ALL THE A?>
THOROUGHBRED YEARLINGS,
In training from th«
BURLINGAME STOCK FARM,
Burlingame, Cal.,
Consisting of the handsomest, best formed
and best bred sons and daughters of Falsetto
Bathampton. His Highness, Brutus, Imp Lord
Esterling. imp. Ornus. San Lucas. St. Carlo.
Potomac. Racine and Flambeau, ever seen here,
and out of speed-producing matrons and famous
race mares; also
CHOICE CONSIGNMENTS FROM
' Estate of B. C. Holly. G. Pacheco, J. J. Coul-
ter and Dr. C. E. Farnum, including magnifi-
cent colts and fillies by Libertine. El Rayo.
Morello, imp. Clieveden. imp. Trentola, Major
Ban, etc.. out of famous matrons.
Sale will take place
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY, November 14, 1899,
Commencing at 7:45 p. m., at the
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
721 HOWARD STREET, NEAH THIRD.
Horses at ealesyard. Catalogues ready.
WM Q. L.AYNG. Auctioneer.
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION SALE.
£?& ./££&
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY. Nov. 14. 11 o'clock, at
ORMONDE SALE STABLE. 1517 MISSION ST..
I will cell 40 head of choice young Horses direct
from the country. The above stock will be
shown In harness any time up to day of sale.
S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
— — — —
SPEED SALE OF HORSES.
: : ■- » : : '■'.. TO-MORROW.
WEDNESDAY. November 15. 1899. at 11 a.
m., J. M. Nelson's third annual speed sale of
high class harness horses: 25 head with records
and trials from 2:09 to 2:40; every horse will
be shown in harness: this is the blue ribbon
sale of the Pacific Coast. Prince H. trial 2:09;
Ruby M. record 2:11%; Blanche L, trial 2:19;
Exmoor. trial 2:16, and many others. Th<»
chance of a life to get a fast roadster and
good business horses of all kinds: e#so one cele-
brated imported French Coach Stallion. At 11
a. m. sharp. Bay-st. station, broad gausre, at
the Alp.meda Trotting Park and the Alamedn
Sale and Training Stables, cor. St. Charles st.
and Eagle aye., Alameda.
£* £» -fe
AUCTION SALE
40 HEAD OF TROTTING-BRED MARES
AND GELDINGS.
Sired by Hawthorne, Campaign, Moses S.
Henry Thorne, Cal Lambert and other well-
known sires, and out of standard-bred mares.
The property of HON. W. A. SHIPPEE. Nel-
i son. Butte Co.
TO BE SOLD
THURSDAY, November 16, 1899,
at 11 a. m., at
Salesyard cor. MARKET and VAN NESS AYE.
Horses at yard November IS.
CHASE & MENDENHALL,
(Successors to Killip & Co.),
Livestock Auction-
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes !ater than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER. 14.
' NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, afc sometimes occurs. The height*
given ere In addition to the soundings on the
Ignited States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign ( — ) precedes the height,
and then the number fflven is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
Tune Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. X., Mer.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
November 13. 1899.
The time tall on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c.. at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at S
o'clock p. m., Greenwich tlm*
C. Q. CALKINS.
Lieutenant '"nmmander. U. S. N. in charge.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Monday. November 13.
Stmr Miami. Rellly. 3 days 21 hours from
Seattle.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen, 60 hours from Victoria
and Pusret Sound ports.
Stmr Weeott, Burtls. 30 hours from Eureka.
fatmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 40 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllng. 4 days from Ta
coma.
l tmr £ omon a. Shea, 25 hours from Eureka.
fcenr VV F Wltzemann. Butenshon. 19 days
from Port Gnmble.
Schr Transit. Jorgenson. 22 days from Hono-
Cov^e 1 ' Rellance> Sk !PPer, 3 days from Timber
Continued on Page Eleven.COOK WHO IS A
LADY AND ALSO
OF THE UNION
Clarke and Fun at the
California.
— •
TIVOLI REVIVES "PATIENCE."
' MY FRIEND FROM INDIA" HAS
COME TO TOWN.
Year in and year out the East sends us
substitutes for the people that it likes
best, and we must put up with what we
.-an pet. It is extremely selfish of the
-t and Just what we would do if we
c uld; Meanwhile we must pretend that
our cake isn't ugh.
Xow and then it really Isn't, wherein
the joke lies. We grunted when we were
wid that Hackett would do very well for
us, never mind bout Bothern. And al
though he certainly was not the incom
parable Ned, he has reached the star level
and is being issued in pastel for Christ
mas. This weej£ at the Columbia we have
not Annie Yeamans, but we have Lizzie
May Ulmor. We say we like her. and if
cifre' ' - "Sour grai>os! " wo don't
She is the cook lady of the Cook La
oj.-s I nion— one who is a lady, and knows
Jt. Miss Ulmor may imitate Mrs Yea
njans Sn make-up and business, but for
alllthat *hi- is not afraid for one instant
<>f her part and defies any one to dispute
her right to it. She does not overstep
i lie limits and she throws a life into her
work that is not born of imitation.
Looks have thrashed on and off our
ftage so long and so unnaturally that we
". ay « n o prejudice in their favor. Hence
The first La vinia had a battle to fight for
li-nh herself and Mr. Broadhursi She
aved tne way for Miss Ulmer, but it is
HLlmer's credit alone that she has
o to tread safely therein.
SARAH COMSTOCK.
Tivoli.
There is decidedly a great improvement
noticeable in the Tivoli comic opera com
pany. Whether it is the pretty music and
clever libretto of Messrs. Sullivan and Gil
bert, or whether some unexpected re
juvenator has made his timely appear
ance is difficult to define; the happy fact
remains, however, that in "Patience" the
Tivoli comic opera company has so far
done its very best. All seem to work with
a renewed zeal and what formerly ap
peared to be phlegmatic has now turned
into dash and esprit. Musically too a
sort of transformation has taken place
and if we except Phil Branson and Caro
line Knowles, whose sepulchral tones
seem to hail from the nether regions
there is not one objectionable vocalist in
the entire cast.
William Schuster made quite a hit with
his dragoon song and he had to repeat it
twice. He looked decidedly picturesque
in his Lnglfsh uniform and surely his
I. ritish patriotism must have taken a good
hold of him when singing the praises of
the Queens army. Such men are valu
able now to the empire in the campaign
• ' linst the Boers.
This evening will be an event of im-
ESHK? 06 ,?," the TlvolL "The Masked
Ball will not only show Salassa In his
master role, but it will introduce a new
Mr.ir.:-r. bignorlna '-• Ima Poletini, who was
'•so; much admired with the Lombard! I
opera company. ___ amoara! I
ALFRED METZGER.
California.
*\\ hat Happened to Jones" bids fair to
have an excellent run at the California i
Th< Lter. Ixist night the house was well- !
lilted and the incessant laughter showed
that the comical scenes were as keenly
Ppreciated as ever. Harry Corson Clarke
..- Jon-.s keeps the fun going and • he la I
j-.-M^rK.! 4 by a well-balanced eompanv. !
i).inui Halifax and Laura Crews, two old !
fa-vorttcs at the Alcazar, are members of
iht fJ?£2E?£ ™ d v, liaVe con ««nial parts. ;
the :.fuimiir us Richard Heatherlv and the :
V 1 ?* T ~c, n u* y i ! M^ 15 ? c K^ulKuiore. who ;
, -tr ,f V 3 " ln ?' 1 thf; Profession, ap- ■
Kv'iV ,m * M * rjort f, an< l create,! a favor
able impression. She has a handsome i
presence and spoke her lines clearly and
"t 1^n fl U 5;. I r a , BanninK in '^ r Id Part !
.^Ahn.a Starlight was, as usual, excel-
Grand Opera-House.
The Merry Monarch" began its second
w«* ar the Grand Opera-house last
The opera has established itself !
favorite with the public as the '
• i auditorium attested last niirht
' ' r ;\T" r ',\ n - r r y recalls and lhls P™™ : l
J- _■ to be the banner week at this popu- I
ir place of amusement.
Orphei.m.
Tho hill at the Orpheum this week is
one of exceptional excellence, even ror
thai up-to-date playhouse. A big audi
c-nee was present last night and was kept
in a continual state of laughter and ap
plause during the entire evening. Cheri
«lan Simpson, a musical comedienne a
new comer at the Orpheum. scored a 'de
cfded hit. and in addition to being repeat
odly encored, was the recipient of two
gorgeous bouquets Ryan and RichfiHd
present an original and laugh-prod
farcette entitled a "Headless Man " and
Goggin and Davis do an acrobatic turn
that makes a hit. Vfnle do Witt, a cornet
soloist, and Burtons clever troup of
comedy dogs and high leaping greyhounds
complete the list or new attraction.
Alhambra,
"A Lady of Quality" has been well
named, for there is quality all through
the play, and the quality Is of the good.
It is staged with an eye single to the
1 ><.'.•) u tiful and with rare taste, and the
gpstumes .ire dreams of fairyland, makin"
one long for a return of- the times of a
hundred years ago or so, when beauty
ruled the world. And of all the costumes.
Kugpnio Blair wears the most magnifi
cent.
Alcazar.
The Alcazar Theater this week fur
nishes a play that, is calculated to drive
away the blues. It is the three-act
comedy "My Friend From India" that
has. held such popular sway in many
cities. It was well handled by the Al
cajsar stock company, which kept the
audience in a jolly, laughing mood from
• .,,
Chutes.
si nlghl crave an tllus
■ • P&pinta - l^>!" Puller
■ ncing at thi
entitled "Night,"
'•Volcanic Fire" and "Lily
than excelled her
Her costume In th<- last
arda of pilk fabric.
i ■ ears old gave a
■■■■ of "thought •
■ c." and the rest of the bill was
"ELECTRIC FAIRY TALES."
•pHB newspaper advertisement stories told by certain self-styled "doctors"
In their efforts to dispose of Inferior old-style Electric Belts at from $40
to TfO apiece , i are indeed very affecting, but fail to prove con-
vincing l° ," lt¥<%* everybody in this wide world. BECAUSE it is
'~*-o^L'£ : y actually a fact that the Latest Im-
\\a ■"' v I^' i^C- I/\ i I ! proved. Most Powerful ana iji all
A M '-' V r> #l "Lr-i*: respects the BEST Electric Belt is
N^l/^W^. " DR - PIERCES." and it sells at half
'- >"-'t&^^K^kif^^n^~fr rKs the price asked for the other kind.
H^*^ y^SSliSa We keep ri B ht on manufacturing our
/^■MiP^l^^^^tiH/Hi:J! l-^A Intent Electric Belts and Trusses
(^K-J&S^^^^y^'^^**"'' —^i!*fH I nn(3 curing: people therewith by
V&a&** > t ' /< ~'l''' l x l »'v^2hH scores an d hundreds In all parts of
|;#!f\V i;-r .*\/ / wSJJk^tSk I the world. If you want the BEST
W^^~^^Z^>^i^T>^^^a^^Bm you MUST have " I)r - P'erce's." A
JBk*. » WvV^'!''^ By word to the wise is .ufflclent.
!SNSt^JbMv^CT<BII\tVMXV CT'Come and see us at the office or
<^r^seai^S^\V>f !S^ Bond 2 cents in stamps for "BOOK-
/^tY^E^^^^^^rA \-"' LET NO. 2." PIERCE ELECTRIC
r V* / 7'l\l V *" '" CO., 620 Market streeet (opp. Palace
• ■ Hotel). San Francisco.
PLANS FOR THE
NEW HOSPITAL
NOW ADOPTED
Martens & Coffey Are
Successful.
THEIR COMPENSATION FIXED
BATEMAN BROTHERS ALLOWED
ANOTHER EXTENSION.
The Supervisors at their meeting yester
day adopted resolutions accepting the
plans of Martens & Coffey for the new
hospital buildings. These are the plans
that were approved by a Jury of physi
cians. The resolutions were presented by
Supervisor Aigeltinger and seconded by
Supervisor Collins. It developed that the
plans are the joint work of Architects
Martens & Coffey and Mooser & Son. Mr.
Mooser appeared before the board and
requested that the compensation be fixed
at the usual 1 per cent on the total cost,
which is estimated at $600,000. He did not
care to take his chances on the bond levy,
but wanted the board to allow the $5000
out of the general fund, and this pro
vision was finally made.
The Gas and Water Inspector recom
mended the abandonment of 176 hydrants
. ithin the appropria
tion, but I ' er for one
w< sh In or* w the distribution of
eopi< a of his li i: 'to the
Supervisors and the Fire Department.
The matter "f discontinuing the
supply in the public . squares during the
- months also went over until the
nei i" meeting.
Dr. P. A. ferry of 1827 Post
Bor Pi rrault s<
as a • ■ nventlon of
the California Association for Storage of
Flood Waters to be h I<l in this city to-
The board's action in passing ord- i
. . . 'on San Jose a
was repealed by a request to the M
to return the order without action.
An extension of cli a from No
vember 16, 1899, was granted t<> Bateman
Brus. Un thr construction of the Hall of
c. The architects were empowered
to construct a photograph gallery on the
! the building, to cost, ln< iuding the
Bertillion system of Identitfying crimi
h Is tn be ■'■' ducted from
the appropriation for furniture and flx-
Th< archil' cts were directed to
ed with the building of petitions and
furnishing of rooms for the Grand Jury,
ut of the surplus oi
funds for furnishing the build
ing.
The clerk of the board wa« directed to
advertise f>>r proposals for" furnishing la
bor and material for laying floors in the
hallways of th< I econd and third
floors of the Hall of Justice.
Resolutions were pasaed :•> print author
izing the paymi • to Thomas J.
Welch, architect of the School Board, for
drawing up tht- plans of the new school
man be changi 6 by
■ ect of the Board of Public
Works.
The board ordered the payment of $5390 j
for extra work Incurred in the instruc
tion of Boßwi rth street tunnel, The extra
work consisted in strengthening the foun
dation by building wing walls, which was
\ found necessary on account of the devel
opment of a spring in the vicinity, and
was authorized by the City Engineer.
Expert Griffin appeared before the
board regarding the payment of $150 for
two sets of harness for police patrol uses.
The expert stated that the harness could
be duplicated for $100, but admitted that
he had not examined the harness, and
had accepted the statements of the har- |
ness makers. The matter went over for i
one week.
PETITIONS RECEIVED.
The following petitions were received and re- j
ferred to the Street Committee:
Luare & Bogel,. 'or permission to extend
show windows of building at in.- intersection
of Market, Hayes and I^arkin streets six inches
over the building line on the Market and I^ar- |
kin street fronts: property owners, for the plac
ing of three electric lights on Fourteenth aye- i
r.u>> south. Railroad avenue and P street south;
Fled Leffler. for permission to grade and sewer,
by private contract, San Bruno avenue, be
twet-n Eighteenth and Nineteenth streets:
Henry Buldt, for permission to construct and
maintain three steps to encroach thirty Inches
on the sidewalk in front of the building on the
fast side of Capp street, seventy-live feet east
of Nineteenth; Union Paving and Contracting
Company, for permission to construct by pri
vate contract, a twelve-inch sewer in Francisco
street, between Leavenworth street and Mont
gomery avenue, also to pave with bitumen
i Twenty-fifth street, between Folsom street and
I Treat avenue; property owners, calling atten
tion to the necessity of repairing Union Square
i avenue with bitumen: Hat-man Bros., for an !
I extension of thirty days' time In which to
complete their contract for the construction of
the Hail of Justice and Morgue buildings.
A protest Bled by property owners against [
the paving of church street, between Twenty
ninth and Day. was also referred to tbe Street ,
Committee. •
STREET WORK ORDERED.
Resolution were adopted ordering the per
j formance of the following street work:
Ct-CF pools, culverts and granite curbs ...ri the
| northeasterly and northwesterly corners of
! Twi-nty-nlnth street and Tiffany avenue, road
j way to be paved with bitumen; bituminous
| mok sidewalks on easterly side of Folsom, be
-1 tween Fourteenth and Fifteenth ; saint* on
: southeasterly line .of Harrison, between Eighth 1
i and Ninth; same on southeasterly II ■..• of Mar
, ket fctret-t. between ■ •■•• nth and Dolores:
i artificial stone sidewalks on Stelner street,
j between Kills and O'Farrell; bitumen side
; walks on Bryant street, between Eighth and
. Ninth; eight-Inch sewer with two manholes
and covers In Bosworth street, between Mls
l.glon and Mar«l!ly; same in northerly and east
erly portions of crossing of Bosworth and Mar
slliy streets, ten-Inch sewer In westerly por
tion, storm water. Inlets with gratings nn<l
j culverts in southeasterly, northeasterly and
northwesterly corners, and manhole and cover
I in cvnter fit said crossing; ten-Inch sewer In
I Bosworth strt-f-t, between i -silly and i 'uvi-r;
j cesspool, .culverts, granite curbs and artificial
j stone sidewalks on the four angular corners of
i the cro«slne of Hayes and Clayton streets:
! artificial stone sidewalks on Clementina street,
between Seventh and Eighth and the northeast
erly terminus of Clementina, between Seventh
and Eighth; same on Sumner street, between
Howard and Clementina: bitumen sidewalk on
Eighth street, between Bryant and Brannan;
grading Eighth avenue, between southerly line
of H street and southerly line of 1 street, road
way of same to be macadamized and redwood
curbs laid; cobble pavement on Filbert Etr»et
between Dilpont and Kearny; gmdl ig Nine'
i t- >nth Bvcrue, between the southerly line of
I street and the southerly line of .1 -rtreet, red
wood curbs laid and roadway and sidewalks
to be macadamized.
CONTRACTS AWARDED "
Resolutions awarding contracts for the fol
lowing street work were adopted:
Fllnn & Treaey, ten-Inch sewer in Mariposa
street, between Texas an.i Mississippi, at $1 45
per lineal foot and manhole and cover at $45
--elprht-lnch sewer In Texas street, between
Mariposa and Eighteenth streets, at $1 19 per
lineal foot, two manholes and coven at $49
each; Fred. heftier, eight-Inch sewer In the
southerly, westerly and northerly portions of
the crossing: of Texas and Mariposa streets
ten-Inch sewer In the easterly portion at'll 19
per lineal foot, manhole and cover In center i
of crossing at Cn9, cesspools, culverts granitel
curbs and plank sidewalks In each corner I
three at $119 and one at $49, ■!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1899.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
VICTIM OF ARriED ROBBERS
AFRAID TO GIVE EVIDENCE
OAKLAND, Nov. IS.— No hope is
held out that John Thomas, the
victim of last night's hold-up in
a West Oakland saloon, will
recover. The doctors have not been
able to locate the hullet, and death is
exported at any time.
The police have nothing upon which
tn hold the five suspects who were ar
rested shortly after the robbery and
shooting, and declare that they are
merely hoboes who were cruising
about the railroad yards looking for a
comfortable box-<-ar. Manuel Baptista,
the partner of Thomas, says that he
cannot understand the motive for the
shooting, as there was not enough
money in the till to make it worth
while to plan a robbery. He says that
there is a doubt In his mind as to
whether the motive of the desperadoes
was robbery or murder. Thomas has
WARDNER STRIKERS HERE
EN ROUTE TO PRISON
Occupants of the Notorious Bullpens
Sentenced to San Quentin for Ob
structing United States Mails.
Ten men who were recently convicted
of ha' ructed United Btates mails
1 durliiK the progress of the great Coeur
d'Alene strike and who endured the hard
ships of the bullpens for nearly six
ths, arrived in this city en route to
San Quentin prison last night. -Each, un
it new trial with favor
able r.-sults, will serve a term of twi
two m< 1 iha and pay a lii.'- of $1000. The
prisoners rested for the night In the
Iway |all and will be taken to prison
this morning. They came from ntoscuw,
n a special car In I Mar
sha! Ramsey and Deputy J. P. Campbell
of b Sheriff W. H. Buchanan
. 8h( ■ Iffs P. C. West, George
; Howard. J. L. Naylor and George \
I gerhols of Latah County, Edaho. Nine <>f
the 1;. miners in the Laal Chance
mine vi Wardner and the tenth ol the
party waa a reporter on the Idaho Sia.'e
Tribune of WaJ
Th.- names of the convicted miners are:
il. Sal.i A. Avanola, P. ' >'l >onnell, J.
I Luchinettl M. Malvey, C. Burroughs, A.
Wallace D. O'Rourke and H. Mahoney
The reporter's name is Francis Butler.
1 They were all convicted in a l nitea
Btates coun at Moscow on November 0,
' and were sentenced on the following day.
l,nsi Saturday they left for .San Francis
co. All repeat the well-known tali-s of
. the severities and outrages of the bull
pens where they were confined, together
with 800 other prisoners, until the com
mencement of their trials, about three
weeks ago. Of the treatment they re
ceived ai the hands of the Marshals who
brought thorn to this city they have
1 nausht !>w words of praise. Patrick U-i
--■ dy. who represented them as attorney,
Will attempt to secure for all of them new
1 rials, and also their release on bonds
pending the decision of the court as to
whether or not they may come to the bar
I of. justice once more.
It was the opinion of the citizen* at
Moscow while the trial at which the men
were convicted was In progress that the
jury would exonerate the accused, the
'■■ testimony nil appearing to tend to prove
their Innocence. Their verdict, however,
was otherwise and came as a Burprlse.
As the train steamed out of Moscow with
the prisoners, who created many tourh-
Ing s. i nee In their farewells to th<Mr fam-
I ilies and friends, brass bands played and
i the prisoners were cheered to the echo.
CHITCHATS BANQUET.
Celebration of the Club's Twenty
fifth. Anniversary.
The members of the Chitchat Club
celebrated Its twenty-fifth anniversary
iast evening by a banquet given at the
Merchants' Club. The tables were artisti
cally arranged and the decorations beau
tiful, being principally floral designs.
Frank Symmes presided over the festiv
ities. There were seventy-five members
and guests present, representing the Pa
ciflc Union, Bohemian, University and
Cosmos clubs.
Arthur Hodgers.a regent of the Uni
versity, reviewed the club's history In an
Interesting manner. Benjamin Ede WTiteel
er, the new president of the University of
California, Immediately captured his
i audience as much by his manner as tho
mattei* he presented. His subject was the
"Progress of Education." He discussed
the story of educational methods—espec
ially those of the college— and of the early
struggle of the college men in America,
lung for the University of California,
he said that he hoped to see its influence
so extended in conjunction with that of
Stanford and his good friend Dr. Jordan
that everybody In every walk of life
would become interested in collegiate
I matters.
Dr. Jordan delivered one of his broad
I and exhaustive talks on "Science and
Life." F. H. "Wheelan, a member of the
club, discussed In a humorous and enter
taining manner the possibilities of the or
ganization during- the next twenty-five
! years <>f its history. In a touching speech
| Dr. Horatio Stebblns closed the evening's
| programme.
KROEGER GETS JUDGMENT.
Judg-e Hunt Decides That the Kos
minsky Policy Was Assigned.
I Judge Hunt hap handed down an opinion
! in the case of the Mutual Life Insurance
j Company against Fred E. Kroeger, Emma
i Kosminsky, H. S. Kosmtnsky and A. H.
j Buhne, bmught for the purpose of deter
! mining to whom $5000 is due on an insur
i ance policy of $5000 upon the life of Her
! man Kpsmlnsky. The court finds that,
I notwithstanding the denial of Mrs. Kos
mlnsky and her son, there was an assign
ment of the policy to the Tallant Banking
' Company for $3000; that the note evidencing
such assignment was assigned to defend-
been a resident of Oakland for many
yen rp and has always borne a good
reputation. He is about 54 years of age
and married. He has been quite a
prominent factor in West Oakland
polliics. especially among the Portu
guese residents.
It is now said that the gang which
held up Coyne's saloon a week ago,
just a couple of blocks from Thomas'
place, boasts of a political pull strong
enough to prevent prosecution, even If
it cannot prevent arrest. When Coyne
was robbed he told Sergeant Peterson
that he knew the four men and later
save their names to the police. After
they were arrested <'oyne repeated his
statement, but when it came to swear
ing to a warrant the saloon-keeper
said he was sure of the men but a<lfl
c!. "My hands are tied." The police
are unable to determine what Coyne
ant Kroeger and that he is entitled to re
cover this amount, with $388 interest, and
the balance of the ?5000 goes to Mrs. Kos
minskjt
City Advised to Compromise.
City Attorney Lane sent a communica
tion to the Supervisors yesterday advis
ing a compromise in the suit of R. C. de
Boom against the city to recover $6000
alleged to be the value of two lots in the
Spring Valley Homestead Tract, which
were appropriated by the city some years
ago. In his communication Mr. Lane
states that from the records of the City
and County Surveyor it appears that in
building the Islaiß Creek culvert at ('anal
and Mission streets it became necessary
to use some of tlu- land in question. Ne
gotiations w re Jw?gun by the last board
the purchase of the land, but had
never been concluded. Private property
32 by 34 feet in area had been used f<>r
whJch go compensation had been given.
Mr. Lane Bays that the value of the prop
erty taken should b»- ascertained and
reasonable compensation mad'- therefor.
Kristensen Pleaded Guilty.
Karl Kristensen pleaded guilty in the
United Staws 1 list ri<t Conrt yesterday to
an indictment charging him with making
and passing counterfeit silver coins. He
will : ■ <1 to-morrow morning.
DEATH OF HENRY
MURPHY IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, Nov. 11 —Henry Murphy,
formerly a prominent drygoods merchant
of San Francisco, is dead at his home in
this city.
Soldier Ends His Life.
L.uS ANGELES, Not. LS. Barney Good
wjn, who served with Battery D in the
Philippines, and who has lived with his
parents since his return at T'lT West Sixth
street, died yesterday from the effects of
an overdose "of laudanum taken with sui
cidal intent. Goodwin has been in poor
health since his return and thought he
had consumption. He was very despond
nit and often threatened to end his life.
An Inquest was held this morning. th«
itiry returning a verdict in accordance
! with the above facts.
Body of A. E. Armstrong
NOVATO, Nov. 13.— The body of the
man washed ashore yesterday at Black
Point was taken to the Morgue at San
Rafael to-day by Coroner Eden and there
identified by relatives as Arthur Edward
Armstrong of Petaluma. who disappeared
seventeen days ago. It Is believed that
Armstrong committed suicide, though the
pockets or his clothing were turned Inside
out and only 55 cents was found in his
purse. The' Inquest will be held to-mor
row.
Killed by a Train.
VENTURA, Nov. 13.— Early this morn
ing, two and a half miles west of Santa
Paula, the body of an aged man with his
neck broken was found near the railroad
track. The Coroner's inquest dovdoped
the fact that the victim was an old sol
dier. Tn hip pocket were found honorable
discharge papers, he having been a mem
ber of Company H. Kansas Volunteers,
under the name of Harry S. Ettynger.
He was accidentally killed by the train.
Hughes' Death Accidental.
SANTA CRUZ. Nov. 13.— The Coroner's
jury to-day brought In- a verdict to the
effect that Patrick Hughes' death was
caused by an accident due to a powder
explosion.
An entire new set of machinery for the
glaze mill will have to he procured be
fore the black powder department can be
run to Its full capacity.
Both Feet Cut Off.
COLFAX, Nov. 13.— Brakpman H. B.
Reigert. on train No. 210, in charge of
Conductor Tremblay, while switching at
Blue Canyon this evening fell from the
bllot of the engine and was run over
both legs being cut off between the foot
and knee. He was taken to the railroad
hospital at Sacramento by a special train
accompanied by Dr. Nelson of Towle '
Freeport's Free Ferry.
WOODLAND, Nov. 13.— For a long time
residents of Freeport have been making
a fight for a free ferry across the Sacra
mento River. The Sacramento Supervis
ors have granted them a franchise, and
the Yolo County Supervisors will proba
bly do likewise.
Ward Will Die.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Nov. 13.-Deputy
Sheriff Ward of San Diego Is still hover
ing between life and death here as a
result of the injuries he received from the
convict Ross at Port Harford. Ward is
expected to die before morning.
meant, but he will say nothing more,
leaving the inference that he has been
threatened if he shall insist on the
arrest of the men who robbed him.
It Is believed that the hold-up at
Ohristenson's saloon, the attempted
robbery of the Alameda power house
safe, the robbery at Coyne's and last
nipht's murderous affair are all the
work of the same gang.
SACRAMENTOS CHOSEN
TO MEET A PICKED NINE
Eastern Ball-Players and the Capital
City Team to Compete on Thanks
giving Day.
As has already been published in the
j sporting columns of The Call, the Eastern
baseball players who are wintering on
I this coast will, under the management of
the well-known umpire, "Jim" McDon-
I aid, play the teams of the California
League Immediately after Its season
The initial game will be played
1 at Recreation Park, this city, on Thanks
: giving day. The Sacramentos, who have
a tirm hold on the pennant, have been
chosen to meet the crackajacks, and the
"fans" may look forward to a great
game. The only "Jack" Sheridan, so well
known t" the followers of the diamond
as an umpire in the heyday of the na
tional game in ihis city, and who later
distinguished himself in the same ca
pacity in Eastern leagues, has been
chosen to umpire the series. It is under-
StOOd that the other teams of the league
' will be gi\en an opportunity of testing
i i heir strength against the all-star aggre
gation.
Fred Chance, who did so well as a mem
ber of the Chicago nine, Is scheduled to
catch, and for pitchers McDonald lias
chosen James Hughes, the phenomenal
pitcher who helped Brooklyn win the pen
nant this season; Phil Knell, who has
twirled himself into the hearts of the
Hartford "fans," and "Youngy" Johnson.
who pitched good ball for the Oswego
nine.
Samuel Mertes. the fast base runner
and heavy batter of the Chicago team,
will probably play first base. Beckley,
first baseman of the Cincinnati team, is
expected on the coast and if he comes in
time he will play the initial bag and
Mertes will be shifted t" another position.
Popular Henry Keitz of the Pittsburgh
will cover second base. He is a wonder
in that position and will give the local
players points on how to cover the
cushion. "Kid" IHiUn. who played short
tor a Colorado nine, will occupy third
tiase. Although left-handed he can throw
unerringly nnd quickly to first and he
covers a vast bit of territory while in the
game. Harry Lockhead is scheduled to
cover short, the position In which he was
seen when he played with the Crilt Edges.
Lockhead pui up great ball on the Cleve
land team and as he has not had time to
lose form will surely play with his usual
vigor. McDonald has picked three stars
for the outfield. George Van Haltren of
the New York team will play center,
Johnny McCarthy of the Hartfords and
Pat Meaney of the Atlantic League, will
cover right and left field respectively.
The men will begin practicing together
a week before Thanksgiving and will be
in prime condition to give an exhibition
of the game as it is played by experts.
In Cupid's Realm.
ALAMEPA. Nov. 33.— The mnrrlnge of
Miss Delia Kruger and Dr. Ernest Victors
of Grass Valley, it is announced, will take
place on December 23.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Eva Falkinham. daughter of Mrs. J. J.
Palkinham of 1210 Grand street, to Dr.
Frederick S. Holladay of Los Angelas.
Miss Falkinham is esteemed as one of
AlanvdH's most charming young ladies,
and has a large circle of friends, who will
read with interest of her engagement.
Says His Wife Has Eloped.
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— Conrad Melkin, a
San Francisco cook, visited Oakland to
day in search of his wife and two chil
dren, who disappeared from their home
in the metropolis two weeks ago. Mal
kin declares that his better half eloped
with one Hans Apsch, also a cook, and
that although he does not care whether
she ever comes hack he feels very much
concerned legarding the whereabouts of
the children.
Appointed Councilman.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 13.— Elmer E. Chas«
was to-day appointed Councilman from
the Third Ward by Mayor Martin to fill
the vacancy caused by the resignation of
ex-Banker Ward Wright. The nomina
tion was confirmed by the Council and
Chase took his seat at the session this
morning. Chase is the manager of the
Golden Gate Packing Company.
Wife of Ex-Senator Dead.
DENVER. Nov. 13.— A special to the
Republic from Albuquerque, N. M., says:
Mrs. Fanny M. Ross, wife of Hon. Ed
mund G. Ross, ex-l'nited States Senator
of Kansas and ox-Governor of New Mex
ico, is dead from dropsy. She removed to
this city with her husband from Law
rence, Kan?., in ISS4.
Arrested for Bobbery.
COVELO, Nov. 13.— "Dutch" Henry
Hart, suspected of implication in the re
cent saloon hold-up at Usal. was arrested
by a Deputy Sheriff at Rockport to-day.
The prisoner protests his innocence.
MORE TROUBLE
IN STORE FOR
WIDOWER YOUNG
Sued by Housekeeper
He Imprisoned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 13.
The troubles between Mrs. V. M. Mc-
Cord, the housekeeper, and R. S. Young,
a widower, both of whom gained con
siderable newspaper notoriety last week
owing- to the former being made a pris
oner in Young's home, 215 Kast Seven
teenth street, because she refused t" quit
the premises on short notice and without
a full month's pay, has crystallized Into a
damage suit tiled this afternoon by Mrs.
Met 'ord through her attorney, D.
Mitchell.
In the complaint filed in the Justices'
Court In East Oakland, Mis. McCord re
cites th? fact thai she waa employed by
Young last September as housekeeper at
the Seventeenth-street residence, he agree
ing to paj her $I."> per month from then
until January, together With board and
lodging; that, moreover, Young was
grant her a one-halt interest in the lodg
ing house and all Of tile profits therefrom
between September and January.
Continuing the complaint alleges that
plaintiff carried out her part of the agree
ment, but that on November t> defendant
maliciously and without cause ordered
her out of the furnished room specially
pn vlded for herself and has since re
fused to pay her $15 wages and a small
sum for extra work, and endeavored to
compel her to relinquish her rights on
the contract, and that because she re
fused to do so he had arrested and im
prisoned her near the hour of midnight
for nearly two hours in one of the rooms
of the house; all to her great detriment,
mental anguish and damage in the sum
of $200.
Mrs. McCord alleges also that Young
ordered groceries delivered to himself on
her credit, having ordered such goods
sent to the house of "Mrs. R. S. Young."
meaning plaintiff: that the goods were not
paid for. all t.i her annoyance, wherefor
she seeks to recover $2Sfi.
THE CLAMS SHE ATE
CONTAINED POISON
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— Miss Esther
Wood, daughter of Rev. and Mrs. I. D.
Wood, residing at 1014 East Thirteenth
street. Is recovering from the effects of
eating clams several evenings since wnich
nearly resulted in a fatal case of poison
ing. About an hour after the necked
bivalves had been eaten Miss Wood fell
unconscious to the floor. Her mother and
a sister promptly applied restoratives and
summoned Dr. J. M. Shannon, under
whose care she gradually revived, and is
now expected to recover.
It is supposed that the clams contained
poison, accumulated perhaps ir. their nat
ural state. Miss Wood has been teaching
in the night school here and is also it
tending the Partington Art School in San
Francisco.
QUARREL OVER DYING
MAN'S GUARDIANSHIP
OAKLAND. Nov. 13.— The hearing of
the contest of Mrs. Jessie M. Shown,
against ihe application of her brother,
Charles W. Stilwell, for letters of guar
dianship on their father, George W. fetil
well, was begun before Judge Hall *o
day. The elder Stilwell's estate includes
$17,000 in bank and the son in his peti
tion alleges that the father, owing to Ill
ness, is Incompetent to manage his es
tate. Mrs. Shown, on the other hand,
denies the need of a guardian, assert
ing thai the estate is In the same condi
tion now that it has been during the past
your. Dr. Rucker, as the famhy physi
cian, testified that his patient 'as very
low and not expected to live another
week.
Two Alnmeda Deaths.
A LAMED A, Nov. 13.— Mrs. Theresa'
Edith Lindeman, wife of Ferdinand
Lindeman, died this morning at her home, i
912 Park street. Deceased was a native
of London, England, acred 52 years. She \
was the mother of Ferdinand Lindeman
of Honolulu. Eva, [sabelle and Fn-c]
Lindeman, Mrs. George Brown and .Mrs.
Gormley of San Francisco.
Mrs. Lena Steiner died last night at her
homo. 1046 Centra] avenue. She was a na
tive of France and 71 years of age. De- i
ceased was the wife of the late George I
Steiner and tho mother of Mrs. George 1. i
Pape of San Francisco.
Pringle Estate Appraised.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Bernard Ran
snnif, A. A. Moore Jr. and J. B. Lanktree
to-day til<-'l an appraisement of the estate
of Edward J. Pringl^. deceased, showing;
a total valuation of (76,303 30, of which
$3304 31 represents personal property,
notes, cash and farminK property. The
real estate comprises 346.15 acres of land
in Contra Costa County, valued at $32.ii0i);
land in Balinger Canyon, 112,000; land at
East Nineteenth si net and Seventh ave
nue. $25,000, and five acres in the Domingo
Peralta reserve, $snno.
Funeral of Miss Deane.
BERKELEY, Nov. IX.— The funeral ser
vices over tho remains of Miss Esma
Deaiie. daughter of the late John Deane,
were held tnla morninp; from '.he family
resklenfe at Claremont. The Rev. Father
McSweeney of St. Francis rle Sales
(.'hurrh, Oakland, officiated. The pall
bearers were the Rev. William I. Kip,
Victor Me teal f, Whitney Palache, Joseph
Garber, Shatter Howard and Carl How
ard.
Wenk Has Enemies.
OAKLAND, Nov. 13.— Company F is in I
the throes of dissension. Thirty-two men ;
have signed a petition asking for Captain '
Wenk' 8 removal. The trouble arose over I
the new members who were admitted
after the war broke out and the company
was mustered into the regular service. It |
is said that Captain Wenk has threatened j
to dismiss some men for the good of the j
service, and the feelinp: is very bitter.
Nearly fifty years
of constant and painstaking
endeavor has characterized
the out-put of John Wic-
land's Brewery.
In the beginning as
now there was no better.
To-day it stands the largest,
richest and best equipped
in modern and scientific
apparatus for making a pure,
wholesome beverage for
family use.
WieJands
Extra Pale
is the "Pasturized," bottled
product of that high stan-
dard. Quarts, pints, half-pints.
Your grocer or telephone West 144,
California Bottlinj? Co.
1407-17 Eddy St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JWARTEKS '
SIOK KEAOiOHE
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remkdy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste In the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
to 4 v \y\ f&> gl
FIT FOR A KING
when we have put the finishing touch
on your shirt, collar and cuff. Just
like new, without any variation in
color or finish, and no "saw edge" on
your collars and cuffs. Our new "saw-
edge" machine was the one thing we
needed to make our work perfect.
United States Laundry, Offioa
1004- Market Street.
Telephone South 4-20.
Oakland Office. 514- Eleventh St.
EUGENE FIELD'S POEMS,
A $7.00 BOOK.
The Book of the Century. Handsomely
Illustrated by thirty-two of the World's
Greatest Artists.
GIVEN FREE
to each person Interested in subscribing
to the Eugene Field Monument Souvenir
Fund. Subscribe any amount desired.
Subscriptions as low at $1 will entitle
donor to this daintily artistic volume
•'FIELD FLOWERS"
(cloth bound, 8x11), as a certificate of sub-
scription to fund. Book contains a selec-
tion of Field's best and most representa-
tive works and Is ready for delivery.
But for the noble contribution of the
world's greatest artists this book could not
have been manufactured for less than $7.
The Fund created is divided equally be-
tween the family of the late Eugene Field
and the Fund for the building of a monu-
ment to the memory of the beloved poet
of childhood. Address
EUGENE FIELD MONUMENT SOUVENIR
ISO Monroe St., Chicago.
(Also at Book Stores.)
If you also wish to send postage, enclose
10 cents.
Mention this Journal, as Adv. is inserted as
our Contribution.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY'
# (ij 10SlMi.22SICT.te*..6: aft7tb,S.r.Cil. A
\ Of The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
a jjL. World. Weaknesses or any contracted m
" fIbCSW disease p«-»lUwclyc»rrdny the oldest T
% IJgg |l Specialist co the Coast. EsL 36 years f£
£ &%Bfk OR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES 4
\ ff^rfij tns«ult*tion free and strictly private. \
A f jJS*£ IT Tr# iiment personally or by letter. A B
\& jyQH Pot.tnt Ourem every case undertaken. W
#1| lift Write lor Book. PniLOiiUPUVof 4
»• I II MARRIAGE, MAILED FREB. (Af
X & 11. valuable book for mm) \
f I>K JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St., S. F. 9
18/ 1 ALL Nervous Diseases— Failing Mem-
wj! Z2 S) ory. Sleeplessness, etc., canned hy ever-
H -XI work and Indiscretions. They quickly
"fk JXk and surely restore lost Vitality in old
,\ ~"~I or young, and fit a man for study, busi-
.^BSi/g^W ness or pleasure. Prevent Insanity and
TB*faidß&' Consumption if taken in time. Their
ase shows immediate improvement and effect a CURE
where nil others fail. Insist upon having the genuine
Ajiur. Tablets. They have cared thousands and will
cure you. We give a positive written guarantee to ef-
fect scare in each case or refund the money. Price
KfS fife P«r PuckaK«, or six packages (full treat-
bid* ment] for $2.60 by mail, in plain writer,
upon receipt of price. Circulars free.
AJAX REMEDY CO., 7^? ie £ n 0I ?,, st -
For sale In S. F. by Lelpnltz'& Co.. No Per-
centage Drug Co., Owl Drug Co., S. F., Oakl'd.
?' rirm A I Healing, Harmless
PhROSQ P . an f EfficiBnt
JL AliwWvw Positively removes
ron THt Pimples and all Skin
fOR the Eruptions and pro-
COMPLEXION %™* natural com -
TWO TINTS Phroso takes the
FLESH ,■* WHITE: lace of P?, wde L and
PHROSO MFC. CO. lea Ye , S , "° oily effects.
BEMCIA.CAL | (rU S ° ld by a " dfU 2'
I I gists.
ffi?SIDR. HALL'S BEINVIGORATOR
llwLft \SSi I Five hundred reward for any
f™* 1 case we cannot cure. This secret .
\ ,- . jP remedy stops all losses In 24
|JvS Iffiijy hours, cures Emissions, Impo-
iTJpi effffi tency, Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea.
mOi U4'J Gleet, Fits. Strictures, Lost
Jn^lfL-JFSr- Manhood and all wasting effects
" ' of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
sealed, (2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guaranteed to
cure any case. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 865 Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also
fcr Ml* at 107J4 Market st., S. F. All privat*
di»ea»«a quickly cured. Send for fre* book.
*»••»»•»♦ -•••»»»»«■»■»■'***'
I Transcontinental tourists and tray- 
elers from all over the United States (
ebow their appreciation or th» excel- (
lence of the ,
PALACE t
GRAND !
by making these hotels their headqaar- ' .
' tern while in San Francisco. Fourteen '
hundred rooms, 900 with baths— largest 1
1 and finest In the world.
i JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK. Manager. f
..«.«-» ♦•••••••••••••••■
: - ■
' THE CALirOENIA COLLEGE OF DENTAL
BURQERT,
Corner McAllister and I.arkln streets. Is now
open for the admission of students. Apply to
S. W. DENNIS. M. D.. D. D. S.. dean at the
college, or A. D. CLEAVES. D. D. S., assistant
dean. 412 Parrott building.
COKE! COKE!
P. A. MCDONALD,
■ '"■ Wholesale Dealer and Shipper of Coke.
OFFICE 813 FOLSOM ST.
Weekly Can $1.00 ser Year
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the I 5 *" Francisco
CVtil corner of Market and Third streets, open
un<il 12 o'clock every night in the year.
PRAXCH OFFICES—'.!: Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
3PO Hayes street: open until 9:80 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615'Lorkln street; open until 9:30 in m.
IH4I MlKßlop street; open until 10 p. m.
SSfil 'Market street.' corner Sixteenth; open
until « p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
in<* -Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken
tucky, streets; open until " p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
■ CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A M , ■
will met-t Tills (TUESDAY) i \ K 'vf"'_FV
'. ING, :Nov. 14, at 7:30 o clock. M. M. IVjK
•-^FRANKLIXJL DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lo<l ■■■■ No. Sn F and M
. . A. M.-Meets THIS lTl'l^DA\) «^
: EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock for true- iZJZ
t l.-,-i. GEO. J. HOBE, Sec. / '
pV^IFIC Ix'dge No. 136, F. md A. M., m . ;
: ' 121 Eddy st.. meets THIS EVENING,
7:30 O'tjock. Third Degree. JjL^S
• GLEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. '^^ _
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. «
M.-F. C Degrcp HIS (TUESDAT) J^
EVENING, at 7:3(l '.o'clock.
A- S. HUBBAKD. Secretary. / x
~T^ ** : o. o. r.^f * I
■ l a a F s x |
c. f, brale r;\ e>; p.TX<^\
ANN: 'meeting— Regular annual meeting of |
• the stockholders of th»> Honolulu pugar Com-
. pnhy will be held at the .>rnce of the com-
par.y. No. 327 M.irl«t St., Snn Francisco, al.,
«n 'MONDAY, the' DOth -day of November.
-. .]W. at , the hour of 11 o'clock a. m." tor the
■ purpose jof electing a board of directors to
tcrve for the .ensuing year, and the tranaac- ■
■ tien of such other business as may com*
before the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Tuesday, November 14. l?i>3. Nt 3 o'clock j
p. m. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary^ j
ICNUAL meeting— Reeular annual meeting of i
he stockholders of the Honolulu ; "Plantation ;
Vmpiiny will be hf>!d at the office of the
ompany. No. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. I
■rI., oti MONDAY, the 20th day of Novem- ;
■>er, 1595; at the hour nf ■11 a. m., for the •
urpope of electing a board of directors to |
•>rve for the ensuing ear, st d the transac- I.
inn oX such other business as may come ,
lefore the meeting. Transfer books will close
. n Tuesday November 14. 1599. at 3 o'clock
«. m. : E. H. SHELDON Secretary.
IE reriilar annual meeting of the stockhold-
rs of in* California Wine Makers' Corpora- J
ton will bo held in the Assembly Hall or th<#j
Hills b'.iiliiinir. San Francisco, at 11. a. m.. I
.VKDNKSDAT, November 15, 1599. California j
.Vine Makers' Corporation. .
By W. J. HOTCHKISg. Secretary. |
ECIAL meeting— A specie! me-ting of the I
ttcckholders of the [DENTAL BEET I
SI'C-AR COMPANY will be held at the office j
cf the company. 327 Market St.. in the Ci.ty ;
Bnd County of Pan Francisco, State of Call-
. fercia, on SATURDAY, the ISth day of . No-
vember. IS9'.i. at 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
• v>Oi-e cf considering .a proposition to disin- .
corporate the company.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
TO-NIGHT— Free clinic; Colleen Surg. Thera- i
;.ffiiitips;- 305 Larkln. r. 14. DR. TURMAN.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW. . i
ADVICE free; R. W. KING, sixth floor. Chron- i
lcle building; no advance charges; all cases;
estates, mortgages; damages, collections,
bankruptcy, wills, ■ etc., drawn; moderate j
fees; call or write. j
ADVICE free; divorc- law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: c-.llectinn«. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S5O Market, cor. cktn. I
NOAH F.' FLOOD. H35 Market t.. opp". Mason;
consultation frve; moderate fees..
L. si. CLARK, Emma eel els building. 927 I
Market: consultation free: no fees in advance.
'. ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
.' W, DAVIDSON. Xl Market St., opp. Mason.
BICYCLE REPAIRS-;^
TilOS H B VARNEY Market and Tenth. i
'RAMBLER AND IDEAL BICYCLE 3.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
'■ _ ' ■
HOARD AM) ROOMS.
'A~NE~W~family hotel, SO7 California st., occu-
, vying corner npposjte Grace Church.
•^.ELGRAVIA." Pol.i and Clay— Sunny suites; j
• best board; for 2. $45 up; single. $20.
;£LLIS 22i— Elega-nt tahle board: home cooking;
neat and \ hc<ne-llke ; U : a : week. I
HAVES. 4<il— Nicely furnished front room, with j
or without board, in private family, by an ,
Eastern lady. j
LAS PALMAS. I?2^ Market— Suite of 2 or 3 i
rms."; private: bath: sin. rms.; board optional.
.O'FARRELL. 7(2— Large sunny front rooms;
" g-6od home cookins; also single rooms; $20 up.
SUNNY, front room In small family, near
Eighteenth 1 and Howard; $S; gas; bath ; board
optl"nal. Box 2444. (••■■'! office.
BOARDING 101 l CHILDREN.
• Ji SCOTCH lady wants the care of a little boy;
•a- good home. Apply 533 Shotwell St.. bet.
• Nineteenth arid Twentieth.
CKEFINKD. experienced nurse has a comfort-
nble home for children. 531 A Castro st.
, HOARD AND ROOMS WANTED.
JtHTANTED, by a gentleman and daughter, two
single rooms and board In a private family, ;
lr. the vicinity of Hayes and Polk. Address
MR !• .YES. 113 Fell St.
i _ . ■-! ;
ROOKS — NEW AND OLD.
; X-J^. ~~~~ ~-~~.' ~j
[SCHOOL BOOKS bought and exchanged.
Holmes Book Co., "04 Mission St.. near Third. |
BOOTS A^il> SHOES.
ÜBOYp' shoes, splendid value, sizes 9 to 13H--85C
Children's shoes, all (styles, sizes, 8 to 11... 75 c
Ladies' lace or button. $1; men's shoes. ..sl 25
• People's Shoo Store. IKB Stockton, nr. Bdwy.
BUSINESS CHANCES.'
(TREASURER for one of the best theatrical
propositions In the market; amply secured;
■ handle your own money; salary $100 per j
month; 5 per cent on net profits; small capital i
required; lauy or gentleman; strictly first
class; call for full Information at once. Na- !
tional Investment Co., ■.27 Market, room 201.
biAR with grocery wanted at once for spot
each. NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO., 627
Market st., room 201.
■». ■
STAPLE merchandise wanted for cash and free i
. and clear property. NATIONAL INVEST-
MENT CO., P27 Market st., room 201.
[HARDWARE stock wanted Immediately; must
be good location and price right. NATIONAL ;
INVESTMENT CO.. 827 Market st., room 201.
Q.At)V or gentleman wanted for an Interest in
well established, paying business. NATION-
AL INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market, m 201.
CFeVERAL . gooji business chances in near-by j
towns; you car. get -interest in same; they !
• art ail right and thoroughly staple; no bonus
required. NATIONAL , INVESTMENT CO.,
'; -927 -Market St., room 201.
' !320'i0 TO vest, with services: what can you
: offer? . NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO.. 927
Market st.. room 201.
(STOCK boots and shoes; good one; In near-by
" town;' Inv-egMg.-iU: this at once. NATIONAL
• INVESTMENT CO., 927 Market st, room 80L
'..PHOTOGRAPHIC business; one of the best In '
the. State; this is an up-to-date plant; bid es-
tablished;, can be ha<i cheap. NATIONAL :
INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market st:, room 201.
. BAR and b'.lllard room in got paying hotel; no '
■ competition; owner has other business; get In-
. formation on this oue; s"ur% if you want a
• pood thing. NATIONAL INVESTMENT CO.,
927 Market ft.. room 201.
• IF you want to buy. sell or exchange a business
of 'any kind you will do well to call upon us; I
we- do "not charge any commission unless we
do business; you will always receive due cour-
fe'sy from experienced atfndnnt*. NATION-
AL'IN VESTMENT CO.. 527 Market, rm. 2CI.
' i_iki ; use wanted for spot caFh; con-
tcaHy located; call at once. NATIONAL IN-
VESTMENT CO., 827 Market st, room 201.
. HA.VB several parties from the East who want
' good lings. What have you? NATIONAL
• KWgSTMENT CO.. 927 Market St.. room 201.
' 'CASH paid for staple merchandise. NATION-
AL INVESTMENT CO.. 927 Market, room 201.
ROAD house wanted; Sonoma Co. preferred.
National Investment Co., 927 Market, rm 201.
11AVE party who wishes to sell a halt Interest
in one of the best investments in this section;
chance seldom offered. NATIONAL INVEST- ;
MENT CO.. ©27 Market St., room 201.
MANUFACTURING plant — You can get the!
whole or a half Interest; cheap rent; will ;
bland close Investigation. NATIONAL IN- ,
VESTMENT CO.. 927 Market St., room 201.
GROCERY* stock— This Is a good one; cheap
rent; party obliged to jro East : bargain. Na-
tional Investment Co.. 927 Market St.. rm. 201.
RELIABLE! man wanted to take half-interest
in paying business; must be a hustler. Na-
tional Investment Co.. 927 Market St.. rm. 201.
SALOON wanted— Have pot cash. NATIONAL
" INVESTMENT CO., 927 Market St.. room 201.
INVENTOR of several new and useful noveK
ti.,-3. wishes manufacturing partner or wlir
sell; principals only. 511 Eighth at.
'- ;.!> ESTABLISHED restaurant In whole-
sale dlBtrlot; no Sunday work. Apply it*
: Battery st. '
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A— s7oo; CANDY factory and Ice cream parlors
on Valencia st. : established years and doing
a good paying business; rent $15; a splendid
business offer. Call It. G. mike. 906 Market.
$4000— OLD established bakery and coffee par-
lors; In choicest location; doing: a splendid
business; large outside trade; fullest Inves-
tigation solicited. Call R. G. WILKK. 906
Market st. ' m
$1600— SALOON, near Market and Mason sts.:
large place; fine fixtures and well stocked;
side entrance aud clubnwms. R. <-■■ W_L__lU,
SO6 Market st. ' „
A— I3CG; HOME bakery and restaurant on Ellis
St.; cheap rent; splendidly paying. Call R,
G. v.iLKi:. :">j Market st.
A _j6OO_BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 finely fur-
r.lihe. rooms; rent $35; first-class paying;
widow is compelled to sacrifice. Particulars
K. G. WILKE, 906 Market st.
A-5950; MILLINKRY store ac'ros* the bay ; fine
• rtock and good trade', with lease; rent $10; 2
living rooms; sickness cause of sale. R. C».
WILKE, 906 Market st.
$1000— LOON In wholesale district; establ.
years and doing a good paying business; no
night or Sunday work; rent $30. call R. U.
WILKE. 906 Market fit. .
yip!.- BRANCH bakery and stationery; Western
Addition, close to BChoolhouse; furniture of
11 vine roo'm6 included; sickness Of owner, cause
of sale; bargain. R.G. WILKE. 90<i Market.
DAY saloon, established years; dally receipts
About $C 0: a long lease; only first-class cus-
tom- a chance. of a lifetime; Investigate _t
once. R. G. WILKE, 906 Market St. ■
$15iO— YOUNG- men want -well located saloon;
• day and night trade. ALFA', CO.7IB3S Market j
WANT to invest about $500 In partnership in
paying restaurant. ALFA CO.. 935 Market St. :
BEST saloon In city for the money; Rood trade; !
low rent. ALFA CO., 935 Market sU .__
PARTNER tailoring business; esttrti. ;■ -small ;
capital; partner retiring. Alfa Co.. 1*35 Market.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy; living rooms;
larso trade;, good location. AHa Co.,'. 935^ Mkt.
RESTAURANT; well located;! low rent: good
trade; for sale cheap. ALFA C0.? 985 Market.
$100— M.' t» take partner's place; ii^'ht. gen-
teel paying business. ALFA CO.. 935 -Market
■•■ PARTNETR In paying saloon; good loca- :
tion; day, night trade ALFA CO., S3r> Market. I
$4500— HOTEL for sale, exchange or lease; 30
furnished rooms, bar and bowling alley; In !
heart of aAljacont city. ALFA CO., 935 Mrkt.
$650— CREAMERY and delicacy business; prin-
cipal street; large transient anil regular trade: j
low rent; investigate.' M. LESS, 765 Market. j
$12.",— FRUIT and vegetable store; best part of ;
city; full value in sight; business speaks for
Itself: a snap. M. LESS, 763 Market St.
$3,V) — PARTNER wanted in commission ' busi- I
ness e^tab." many years; good business; must
be sober, steady man M. LESS 765 Market
$175— RESTAURANT and bar; good location: I
paying place: rent only $10; good for man and
wife or two partners. M. LESS, 765 Market.
GROCERY and bar; centrally located; bargain;
$150. COWING _ CO.. ;..•:. Market st.
CIGAR store, fine location, at a bargain. See
COWING & CO.. 995 Market St. ____^__
BRANCH bakery and candy store; fine loca-
tion; bargain. COWING .'-- CO.. 995 Market.
DENTAL practice; 4 chairs; No. 1 location, j
rooms and outfit: chance of lifetime: 24 years
established. COWING & CO., 985 Market st.
$250— PARTNER wanted Indoor business; will
pay $60 month each, yearly. McLAUGHLIN
A CO., 777 1 ; Market st. I
FOR sale— A well-paying downtown grocery
arid bar: fine location; new store; low rent: :
good reason for selling. Inquire WILLIAM 1
CLUFF] CO.. Front and Pin sts. I
FOR sale— First-class bakery doing a good |
counter trade;, and also a good route, two ;
horses and two wagons. Address Box 394, :
Call Office^ -
$3.V>— HOME bakery for sale; portable oven: !
guaranteed profits $25 per week. Box 293, Call, j
$4500— LOT 100x200; corner San Leandro road j
and Rose St., near Fruitvale; on electric car I
line: new building; 7 living rooms; large :
• store and saloon; elegant grounds; stable and '
warehouse: 9 rustic outhouses; finest road- !
side resort In Alameda County: selling on J
account of sickness; $2.'00 down; balance easy '
terms. Apply to owner on premises, C. |
CLUNDT, San Leandro road, also Call
Branch, Oakland; San Leandro electric car
passes door.
BARBERS ."-chair hotel barber shop for sale
. in the center of this city; reason, death of pro- ;
prietor. For particulars call on 11. SCHEU- j
NKRT. 927 Market st. I
$2.-.C— BAKERY; receipts $15 day; all store
trade; genuine bargain. JONES. £65 Market, j
! FIRST-CLASS grocery and bar at invoice; '
I two-thirds cash; balance on time. Inquire
| box 102, Call office.
FOR sale Good fruit stand; 3 living rooms;!
cheap. Apply 130 Eighth St. i
$3200— HOTEL. 60 rooms: richly furnished: good
will: splendid business; grand location. E. E.
BUNCE, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR Bale at sacrifice; retiring from business: j
wholesale and retail store, established '-'«;
years: suitable for wholesale ami retail gro-
cery or drug store or hotel: can he rented
separate; long lease if desired. GEO MON-
NIER, 1153 Howard, bet. Seventh and Eiphth. i
FOR sale In a booming town; best paying hotel
and bar; > heap; 30 miles from city; death in i
family. Address A. 8., 9S Crockett, Cat.
BRANCH bakery, notions, stationery, produce,
etc.: cheap rent; north of Market; clears $75
monthly; must sell. Box 970, Call office.
$S'.'S— BARGAIN: corner saloon and lunch j
j house: good location; no agents. Inquire box ;
I 2429. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS French liquor store; established
*.". years ago; horse, wagon, cellar, etc. 1401 ,
Powell st. ■
i PARTNER— Lady or gent, small capital, to!
start a coffee arid waffle house. Box 2240, Call. j
SPLENDID offer in a good Invention to a man !
of some means. 706 A Larkin st.
GOOD paying business and fixtures for sale at j
; $250. Apply 708 Larkin st. j
BARBER shop; reasonable; first-class trade;
proper location; party going East. 790 Gearv.
FOR sale — Blacksmith shop; cause of Belling, j
death of owner. Apply at 22 Cortland aw.
! FOR sale — Saloon, restaurant and lodging-
house. 746 Fourth St., corner Berry
1 $600 BRANCH bakery; dairy produce for sale.
Address bos 2888, Call Office.
PRIVATE house; 15 rooms; 20 regular boarders;
north of Market. Box 24", Call offlce.
i COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
v. CASWELL & CO - 412 Sacramento st.
' A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establish) ! at the
: northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- I
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
[ A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
"-
I = !
CARRIAGES AND WAGONS.
I FINE top buggy, almost new; business buggy, !
new; business wagons, new, suitable for dry
goods Stores: rockaway. &28 Harrison st.
ALL kinds of wagons, bunion, carts, harness, |
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons carts,
buceies. surreys nnd horses. 1140 Fr.lsom st.
j CARPET n EATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-357 Tebama st; tel. S. 40.
CITY Bteam Carpet beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, msr. 38-40 Bth st : tel. South 230.
J. MCQUEEN'S California Carpet leaning Co.,
453 Stevenson St.; lei. South 225; lowest rates.
ADVANCE Carpet Ckanlnst Co.. 492 Sutter St.;
I fjtel. Main M 4. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth it.: tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co.. 240 Hth !
ft.: cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Oarr-'t-beatlng Works. 333 Golden
Gate aw; tel. East 126.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Cull, 16 pages, sent to «ny address In the
Unlt»d States, postpaid, for II per year.
CLEANING COMPOUNDS.
UTICA cleaning and Toilet Compounds «nd
Compound Paste; a household blessing; a sure i
cure for poison oak. SAMUEL SEYMOUR.
Agent. Office and factory, 21 Spear st.
' clairvoyants and spiritualism;
MRS DR. CLiARK, ' '
the well-known trance medium, may be con-
sulted on all affairs of life. While entrance 1
she reveals every hidden mystery; sh<j will
«how you how to overcome your enemies; re- 1
move family troubles; restore lost affection*; !
unite the separated; recovers lost or stolen !
property; locates minerals; tells your entire
life, while In a perfect trance; satisfaction !
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for circular
with special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK,
20u Turk at., near .lone*. Home Sun. and eves.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY^ the celebrated test
medium, life reader and medical clairvoyant;
' sittings fl; diagnosis free; "new method"
treatment for chronic, private, obscure ' dls-
. easaa; send .tamp for circular. 232 Stockton.
MME. MELBOURNE, gifted clairvoyant; never
falls; satisfaction guaranteed; hours. 1:30 to 5 j
p. m., 7-10 p. m.; L., 2Eo; a.. 60c 612!. Eddy.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1899.
CLAIRVOYANTS AND SPIRITUALISM I
MME. A. CERVANTES, the celebrated Spanish
fortune teller; best advice in difficult mat-
ters. 8 Hayes St., room 7, second floor.
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader;. 23c up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission.
ATTEND Mrs. Harland's te«t circle to-night
Jewels; sealed letters read; 10c. 34 Sixth.
ATTEND Mrs. Dunham's circle of truth; 2, 8
p. m. 14 McAllister St., r. S5; admission, 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night. 600 McAllister St.; 10c; come, skeptics.
CIRCLE to-night; Thursday, 2 p. m.; 25c; read-
ings. $1. C. STEERS. 112% Oak st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
Bp. m. ; 25c. • 409 .Leavenworth st.
YOUR future told by cards, 25c. 102»_ Sixth St.,
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
GYPSY life reader; satisfaction guaranteed:
25c: correct answers to all questions. 5 7th st.
MMi: HANSON, palmistry. 10c; card reader;
past, present; future. 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 12.
PROF. GEE, medium, Bees and tells every-
thing; fiOc, $1; cir. every night, 25c. 1035 Mkt.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slatewrlter.
330 'Ellis st. : circle Sun, and Wed, evenings.
MRS. BURSH. 24."> Fourth st.. Napoleon card
reader and sympathy healer; prices reasonable.
ARRlVED— .Professor Haley; reads life, cradle
to grave. 50c. $1. 39 Turk, .parlors 25 and 26.
MRS. C J. MEYER. 335 McAllister; Tradings;
tests daily, 10c; dr., Mon.. Fri., 2- r >c. 2-8 p. m.
MME SY-lILLE Cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell St.
MME AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry, 25c; trut-h or no pay. 1149 MUsion.
MME SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings, dally. 2-12% Sixth st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; .'."'C up. 5 Fourth st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call; |
In pages. in wrapper, for mailing:, $1 per year.
CLINIC.
CALIFORNIA Medical College. 1422 Folsom;
free me.dlcnl and snrg. treatment: 9 to 12 m.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. .KELLY'S Agency: no charge un-
leas successful.- Room 310. 927 Market- _f.
' COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE yard, $10. Key 632- Second,
St., near Brannan.
MANCHESTER, S3— New cottage; 4 rooms,
yard and basement; $10. Key 350 Preclta aye.
REAR cottage; 3 rooms and bath; $8. 510 Cas-
tro st. . . /-■';. '
SUNNY "cottage, 4 rooms and bath; large base-
nient; with or without- barn. 919 Capp st.
DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS.' dental parlors, 927
Market st, over Cafe ZJinkand— Teeth extract-
ed without pain by. the use of electricity, gas j
■or chloroform; also by local anaesthetics ap- !
plied to the gums; the best and most artistic j
dental work at- reasonable prices; pure gold i
fillings from $1 up; other -rulings from 50c:
badly decayed teeth carefully treated and
filled or crowned without pain; plates that fit j
from $4 50 up: flesh colored plates from $3 50 j
up: teeth without plates a specialty; open i
evening and Sundays.
A NEW anesthetic tor painless dentistry, j
Synol, on application to the gums, removes
the pain: see our flesh colored plates, thinner ■
and stronger than rubber; warranted for 20
years; crown and bridge work; teeth with- |
out a plate: fillings, 50c: crowns, $?. 50; plates,
full set, $">; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st,
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood hid*., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, {0 O'Farrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth palnlesslv by his won-
derful secret method; crowns, $2: bridges, $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received S first
prizes: no students; guaranteed 12 years.
TEETH extracted free; the best work; the low- j
est prices: nil work warranted and painless;
teeth without plates a specialty. Modem :
Dental Parlors. 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate.
VAN VROOM— extraction by electric-
ity; guarantee 10 years: lowest prices; 10
operators; no students. 997 Market st. j
DR. LI'DLI'M HILL. 1443 Market .St., near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, IS4I Polk st.
MEYER — Deutscher Zbhnarzt. 6 Turk; lst-class
work; prices reas. ; gas; crown & bridge work.
OHIO Der.tal Parlors, Inc., 8 graduate opera-
tors; open evenings and Sundays. 860 Market. ;
I PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush:
full set teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings. 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. : work warranted 10 '
years. N. Y. D»ntlsty. M 7 Mission, cor, f.th. j
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
S. F. Dressmaking, —idles' Tailoring parlors;
French tailoring system taught. 305 van Ness.
DRESSES made; skirt-. $1 25. MME. RAG-
GASSON, 1718 Leavenwortb st.
GEARY, c. r >B— Skirt making especially; skirts
from $1 75 up; suits from $5 up.
PARISIAN dressmaking, 287 Geary: dresses
made $5 up: dresses made over; perfect fit.
ACCORDION pleating factory; all kinds pleat-
Ing, pinking. 121 Post.over O'Connor & Moftatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st. conducted personally by Mr. and Mrs.
W. F. Ayres. Individual Instruction in short-
hand, typing, English, penmanship and the
practical voucher system of bookkeeping.
Life scholarship. Jf r >; catalogue.
' HKALD'S Business College, 24 Post st., S. F.;
practical courses in bookkeeping, shorthand,
typing. languages. telegraphy, English
! branches, civil, electrical and mining engi-
neering, etc. ; new 80-page catalogue free.
MISS M G. BARRETT Is unable to fill all de-
mands for her shorthand graduates and de-
Flres more pupils; lessons personally and by
mall. 302 Montgomery st.
ALL students but two taking full course this
year got positions. SAN FRANCISCO
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 1236 Market st.
ENGINEERING Fchool, civil, electrical, mining,
mech., survey, assay, arch!.; day and even.:
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
MATHEMATICS, languages, etc., for schools
and civil service; thorough, practical; rea-
sonable. Box 4711, Call. '
: PRIVATE lessons: English branches; coaching,
telegraphing; 3 to 6 or 7 to » p. m. Box 2407,
Call office^ ■
FRENCH^ Spanish, etc. Prof. De Fllippe's
Academy or Languages. 320 Post; ablest profs.
LAW schools, 927 Market, S. F.. and 905 Broad-
way. Oakland; day and night; correspondence.
PROF. MERKI'S mandolin club resumes Nov.
2; new members welcome; ref. IMS Mission.
"EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Busi-
ness College. 30". Larkln St.. opp. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic. grammar, writing;
day and night: terms low. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Japanese. Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, near Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
FIELD'S Employment Agency-Help furnished
free. 655 Clay st. ; phone Davis 821.
JAPANESE Information Bureau; Japanese and
Chinese help. 421 Post; phone Main 1986.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414 1 * OTarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. OAKI. 30 Geary st. : tel Orant ■'>'■
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST CLASS Swedish girl desires situation at
housework or second work. MISS CULLEN,
325 Butter fit.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situa-
tion- best of references; city or country. MliS
ci LLEN, 325 Suiter sJL
FIRST-CLASS- German cook desires a situa-
tion; also Brat-class Swedish cook: best refer-
ences, city or country.- MISS H. CULLI-
NAN, 823 Sutter st.; phone Main 651.
COMPETENT woman with a child desires a
situation as housekeeper: city or country;
1.1 ref. MISS H. CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St.
AN experienced young lady desires a position
as bookkeeper, cashier or saleslady: city or
country; references. Box 245, Call office.
COMPETENT colored = woman wishes position
to do general housework; good plain cook.
Address 15H Sherwood place, off Third St.,
between Mission and Howard.
i RELIABLE woman wonts situation as work-
ing housekeeper for elderly couple or wid-
ower's house; city or country. Address box
398, Call office. .
COMPETENT, woman wishes position In lodg-
house or small restaurant. 29 Boston pi.
WOMAN wants work by the day washing and
cleaning. 127 Turk st.
COMPETENT woman wishes a position cook-
ing and downstairs work; good city refer-
ence; wages $25. Please call 137'-i Silver st.
GERMAN woman wants washing, Ironing and
hourework by the day. Please call at 65 Te-
| hama st., between First and Second.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
RESPECTABLE, reliable young woman wishes
position as housekeeper for widower; best of
reference; city only. Box B. Call branch
office, 300 Hayes st.
MAN and wife wish positions as cook; help
his wife: good pastry and meat cook; board-
. Ing-house, small restaurant. Address 11.. i">>
Bush st.
COMPETENT girl wishes situation to do cook-
Ing and general housework. Box 330, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to do light house-
work. Call or address 249 Fifth st.
SITUATION— By young girl to do light house-
work. Address Box 2455, Call Office.
WOMAN with reference Ires cooking and
downstairs work; wages $1* to *25 a month.
Call afternoon or address 12GVJ Ninth "'■
COMPETENT woman wishes light housework
and cooking. 563 Mission st.
LADY wants work by tlw day. E37 Seventh
street.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day
washing or housecleaning. 149 : fourth st.
WANTED-^Plain sewing; children's clothes a
specialty; reasonable. I"'-- Mission st. _
WANTED— Light house or take care of
children. Miss NICHOLS, 718 Valencia st.
YOUNG woman wishes position as cook in pri-
vate family. call 773 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— By experienced competent nurse,
entire charge of infant; best of references;
speaks French, German; wag"» *-•>■ I " jU
Jackson st., cor. Hyde.
WASHING or houm -leaning by the day want-
ed by a reliable and capable woman; II ana
car fare. 917 Natoma St.. bet. Tenth ana
Eleventh.-
RESrECTABLE woman wants situation as
nurse; would assist with other work; gooa
reference. 619 O'Farrell st. ____——
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes a few more
engagements by the day. Address 995 Market.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation to
cook for 5 or 6 adults, or to do sewing and
assist housework in family; has good refer-
ences; call for 3 days. Address 2110 Hyde_st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, accustomed to
best trade, designer and perfect fitter, desires
to work by the Hay In families; fitting guar-
anteed. Box 2465, Call office.
GERMAN woman would like to do housework
and <ake care of children for widower or wait
on Invalid lady; German family preferred;
wages $14. Call- at 4 Ivy aye. •
RESPECTABLE temperance woman wants
dishwashing where she may have her boy .or
12 with her; hotel or -restaurant. Address
MRS. CLARA. Berkeley. _______
DISTINGUISHED Italian lady and daughter,
speaking English, of correct manners and-
habits, wish employment as companion to
lady' or children or chambermaids. Address
box 1301. Call. - '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third ft., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $150 night; $I*o to $6
week; convenient and respectable; tree dus
and baggage to and from ferry. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
I A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ben established at the
northwest comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement; and
subscriptions has b-en established at 1096 Va-
lencia St. ___________________
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE.
NEAT, respectable old man wishes position to
make himself generally useful around house
In exchange for board and room. Address
Florence Hotel, Ellis and Powell sts.. room 19.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman;
understands the care of horses, cows, garden
work; la handy with tools and has porter ex-
perience; desire- position. Address box 2174,
Call.
BARBER, first-class. Just came from East,
wculd like situation in flrst-i lass shop. Please
call or address 317 Stockton Ft.
MAN 26 wishes work of any kind; sober and
willing. WM. BENSON, 349 Jessie st.
CAPABLE young man desires position as clerk
or any kind of work ; experience, reference*.
Address box 393, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a practical farmer as
superintendent: thoroughly understands vine-
yard, fruit and farming in all branches; com- I
petent to handle large crew of men. Address
box 2907, Call office.
GARDENER; good propagator and general gar-
dener; can run gasoline engine, do coach-
man's or any stable work; references; desires
situation private place. Box 301, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED German, handy with carpen-
ters' and blacksmiths' tools, has run different
engines wishes employment. -Address F. T..
Humboldt House. 1309 Stockton St.
YOUNG man. 24. desires situation in any
capacity. G. CLARK, 573 Harrison st.
A— A— ' OFFERED by competent accountant
I and salesman for Information leading to per-
I manent position at reasonable compensation.
; Address box 2997. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest gentleman j
desires position as porter In wholesale house
or store; understands the care of horses and ;
Is handy with tools. Box 2570. Call.
WANTED Position on ranch by competent all-
round man; handy with tools. Address box
2441, Call office.
YOUNG man, Just come from the East, wishes
good position: best of references. Address
PH. SCHMITT, 160 Fourth st.
MAN handy with tools wishes situation as
watchman or Janitor. Box 2460, Call office.
YOUNG man. Just come from the East, wishes
good position; best of reference. Address
I'll. SCHMITT, 650 Fourth st. •
JAPANESE (good cook) wants a place to do
general work in family. Address box 373, Call.
WANTED— Situation by young Japanese as j
schoolboy. FRANK. 523 Pine St.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has bc-n established at the I
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- j
tucky sts. Open till 9 p. m.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
EXCHANGE.
$5000— FOR sale or exchange: good city Income
business property; will take flats or cottage I
In the Mission. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777'_
Market st.
GOOD rentlne Oakland property for ranches.
J. H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland.
EXPERT OPTICIANS.
GEORGE MAYERLE. German expert optician.
f i7l Market St.. San Francisco: "Tarn. fr-».
FINANCIAL.
SAVINGS bank depositors please call room 529.
Parrott building, In reference to rate of in- I
terest. JSSSiSS I
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny middle corner flat; modern
Improvemts. 1000 Webster, cor. Golden Gate.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
1C Montgomery st.
LOWER Hal of 3 rooms, 1310 Larkln st. Apply
at 131S Larkln st.
MCALLISTER. 677— Flat of 7 rooms and bath;
rent $22 50.
MIDDLE flat 4 rooms and bath; rent $14. 6
Dearborn st., oft Seventeen, nr Valencia.
BUNNY new style flat, 7 rooms and bath; mid-
dle flat. 736 Fourteenth St.
SUNNY bay-window flats, 7 rooms and 1 kitch-
ens each; first and second floors. 417H Third.
THIRTEENTH, 425— Sunny modern improved
six-room flat; reapoi:able.
2 FLATS of 5 rooms each; rent $12 and $11. Ap-
ply at premises, 439 Ivy aye.
5 ROOMS and bath and all modern improve-
ments. Corner Castro and Twenty-second sts.
6 LARGE sunny bay-window rooms. 728 Four-
teenth st.
* 1() — UPPER flat; four sunny rooms. 37 Gil-
bert St.. near Seventh and Bryant.
$16 BUNNY upper flat, 5 rooms, bath yard"
28 Shot well St.. near Fourteenth.
A WEEK'S news for 5 rents— The Weekly Call
IB imrrs. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FLATS— Just completed; modern 6 and 7 rooms'
yard: basement. 1933 O'Farrell st. '
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
ENAMELED Iron bedsteads, all sizes J2 90-
-heavy matting, ]0c per yard; 30x60 Inch rugs,'
$1. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310-1312 .Stockton
near Broadway; open evening.
635 PAGE st.— For sale, elegant furniture of
8 rooms: flat for rent.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak for $48 50. with No"
7 ranee. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market'
FURNITURE WANTED.
A H. FR _? D _ w °LLPERt7~*73 Mission "*.. Pay
I the highest price for your 2d-hand furniture.
I WANTED— carpets, furniture, etc. : highest
i price paid; postal. M. Sllversteln, 1121 Market.
lafiMHß?!' - v +^M li Wiln.tHMii^ >■■■ II *■!!. TVlfc >n ■ . '
1 IKKIKHS, FL'KS. ETC
ELECTRIC seal capes, Astrakan yokes, $10 to
$30. ROUT. WALLACE. 115 Kearny, top floor.
HELP . WANTED AGENTS.
WE will pay a regular salary and a commis-
sion to a selected number of high-grade
agents. We want the best men and women
to be had; those of experience and who can
be relied upon for faithful work; persistent
and energetic, of good address and with
"gumption" and the tact to secure what they
attempt. Retired ministers, school teachers,
or those seeking outdoor life, make good
agents; regular salary and a commission on
each order to the competent man or woman.
Call at agents* department, J. C. MURPHY.
29 Chronicle building, San Francisco, Cal.,
agent for the Curtis Publishing Company of
Philadelphia. Pa. .
AGENTS everywhere to sell map of the battle-
fields In the Philippines; 46x64 Inches in six
colors, showing all the movements of Eighth
Army Corps. Write for particulars to P. E.
LAMAR. 21 First st.. San Francisco.
SALESMEN wanted to sell the retail drug
trade. P. C. M. A.. 76 Flood bld_.. after 4
o'clock.'
LADIES and gents to sell specially good Xmas
article. Address W. M. DIGHT^ Mercer. Pa.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
50 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes,
Wednesday, at 6:30 p. m.
HOUSEWORK, San Jose, $2.V, Oakland. $25:
Alameda, $25; Berkeley, $25; Arizona, $20 and
fare paid; San Mateo, $20; i housework girls.
Stockton, $25 and $20; Menlp Park, 126; Palo
Alto, }■':,■ Modesto, $20; Men $20; Llvef-
morc, $20; Vallejo, $20; Fruitvale, $25, Bee
lady here Monday; 2 boarding house cooks,
$40 ana J3O each: hospital cook, $40: cook- tor
Institution, $35; 4 second girls. $25 and $20.
each; waitress, Ims Angeles, 2 In family, $30;
24 housework girls, city and country, $25 and
$20 each: 10 young girls to assist, $12 to $10.
Miss CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 GERMAN cooks, city, $35 and $30; cook.
American family, $30; 6 restaurant waitresses,
|7, $6 and $5 per week; a number of house-
work girls, city and country, ISO, $25 and $20;
20 young girls to assist, $10 to $15. Miss 11.
CULLINAN, 323 Sutter St., phone Main 651.
WANTED— Cook. $80, German or Scandinavian,
and second girl, $2.".. same place, see party at
10 a. -m.; 2 German cooks. $3.".. no wash; Ger-
man nurse and seamstress. 125; 4 cooks," Ger-
man 'style. $25; waitress. $'/ week; 3 • wait-
resses some chambermaids, $20, nice place;
Ironer; $25; pantry girl, $15; a large number
of girls for cooking and housework for both
city and country, at $20, $25. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 316 S\itter St. '
C. R. HANHKN ft C0..:... PH0NE GRANT 185
Waitress, mining town, $20 and fare; Monte-
rey Co., $20 and fare; San Jose, $7 week;
Chambermaid to wait. Contra Costa Co., $20;
chambermaid, city, $20; 2 laundresses, city.
$25; 20 choice places for housework, $25. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Neat waitress for Institution, short
distance in country; first-class place; $25 per
month. W. I>. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay ?t.
YOUNG German girl to wait In dining room j
and do upstairs work. 662 1-iilton st. ; $17.
WANTED— GirI for housework. Call at 1742
Folsom st.; must sleep home.
YOUNG girl for housework. 1128'^ Turk st.
GIRL for light general housework; good cook;
$20. 2217 Octavia st., cor. Jackson.
NURSE for private sanitarium; mental cases;
$25 a month. Apply 2111 Pine St., bet. 3:30
and 4:30 p. m. only.
GIRL, general housework; small family; good
home. 250S Clay Ft.; call S to 12 a. m.
WANTED— girl; must also watt at
table. Apply 926 Grove St.. bet. 10 a. m. and
4 p. m.
WANTED— GirI for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde St.
GIRL to help with housework In small family;
must sleep home. Apply 2617 Octavia st.
WANTED— Girl, German preferred, for gen-
eral housework; plain cooking; small family.
Apply 2224 California St., bet. Buchanan and
Webster.
WANTED— Salesladies for retail crockery busi-
ness; wages $5 per week; give reference and
experience. Box 395, Call uiflce.
GOOD finisher on pants; steady work and good
pay. 136 Natoma st.
GOOD hairdresser; first-class salary to the
right one. 240 Stockton St., near Post.
WANTED— girl for light housework. j
FRANCIS, 796 Butter St.
WANTED— Experienced Airt hands on tailor
skirts. FRANCIS, 796 Sinter st.
WANTED— Young girl waitress for restaurant.
Ci?, Fourth st.
WANTFD-Girl to assist In light housekeeping;
writes $S. 3?24 Army st.
WANTED— An experienced chocolate dipper.
Apply Emporium Candy Stand.
WANTED— girl for general housework.
7™l Green st., near Mason.
WANTED— GirI to do general housework: no
washing. Call at 1314 Masonic aye., between
Waller and Frederick.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands; also ap-
prentice; steady work. 231 Post St., room 4.
WANTED— LadIes who want to make $2 to $1
a day at home. 472 - Thirteenth St., Oakland.
WANTED— for cooking and general house-
work; 3 in family. Call between 10 and 1.
886 Union. St.
WANTED— Wet nurse for a child 2 months old.
pall immediately. • 3539 Twenty-fourth st.
GIRL for general housework. 3448 Twentieth
st., cor. Capp.
APPRENTICE on coats; apply „ early. H.
DAVIS. 119 Russ st.
LADIES wanted throughout the State to sell
the Samson Corset Strengtheners. Apply
SAMSON MFG. CO., 420 Montgomery, rm. 20.
APPRENTICES >:i shirts and overalls; paid
while learning. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED — Four girls for light upstairs work
and cooking. 530 Pacific st.
WANTED— hands on skirts. SCHIM-
MEL _ STOVER, (08 Sutter st.
$S TO $10 — or middle-aged woman for light
housework. 241S San Bruno road, cor. Silver.
LADIES to learn embroidery; something new
and profitable; classes formed. 708 Ellis st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
LADIES' cloaks, suit. $1 Der week. Eastern
Outfitting Co.. lSf*; Stnckton. nr. Broadway.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
50 TALENTED amateurs. Apply at Chutes,
Wednesday, at 6:30 p. m.
MURRAY & READY PHONE MAIN SS4S
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
WANT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
All-around butcher, country $30 ai;d found
Stableman, country, see boss here. .s3o and fd.
Harm'ssmak^r $35 and found
3 caVpenters, S hours' work $3 day
Ranch blacksmith and run engine
6 plow teamsters $30 and found
10 pick and shovel men, city work.. .$1 75 day
Orchard, farm and dairy help
18 plow teamsters and farm hands, $26 and $30
Orchard hands $20 and $25
6 milkers $25 and $30
reman, dairy $20 and found
Choremen and boys $20. $15 and $10
Stablemen, buggy washers $30
10 laborers, quarry work $2 day
Farmers and wives milkers and wives'
Drillers $30 and found
SO woodchoppers and tie makers
MURRAY 4 READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WE SHIP TO-DAY AND PAY YOUR FARE
for 25 laborers, no experience required, for tile
sawmills and woods, $26 to $40 and found: also
Jackscrewer3, crosscut sawyers, edgermen.
barkers woodchoppers, tie makers, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK, City restaurant $U week
Night waiter and cook short orders
* $25 and found
Cake and 'pastry baker. Oregon.. sso and found
Third cook, mine boarding house.. sBs and fd.
8 hotel and restaurant cooks $.1 to ♦ G ,°
Short-order cook and wait table ?S week
Piano player, saloon. $30; porters, country:
polishers, starchers - and ■ Ironers, country: 6
waiters $25 and $30; elevator boys, dishwash-
ers etc MURRAY & READY.
er8 ' 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— Stableman for ranch. $25 and hoard;
2 men and wives for private families. $r>o;
man and wife, $43; butcher and sausage
maker $G0; formers and pruners, etc.; 6
miners' $2 50 day; laborers for mines and
quarries, $2 day; railroad laborers and teams-
t erf . $2 day and board: clothing salesman,
$10 a week; chore boy. $12. Apply to J. F.
CROSETT &■ CO., G2S Sacramento St.
WANTED — cooks and wives, country hotel,
180 and 168; - cooks, country boarding-houses,
135 and $40: cook, country hotel, $40: restau-
rant cook, city. $14 week: restaurant waiter,
$30- oyster man. $S week; dishwashers, city
and country, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
STONEMASONS for railroad work, $3 50 a day,
free fare: teamsters and laborers for the
Mountain R. R.. $26 and board: 6 farmers for
an orchard, $20 and board; 4" farmers, $26 and
board; 10 woodsmen, $26 to $35. fare advanced.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary Bt.
MAN and wife, private place, country. $40, see
party here. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 104 Geary.
COOK and assistant, country hotel, 175; cook
for company boarding house. $40; 6 restaurant
cooks, $10. $12 and $14 a week; baker and
pastry cook, country hotel. $35. t0 $40; pantry-
man, hotel, $20; dishwashers, potwashers and
kitchen hands. $20, $25 and $30. C. R, HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BOY to assist in light housework; reference.
Apply 543 Sixth st. ■ ,
HELP "WANTED— MALE.
HEAD lnundryman to take charge of a nan?
laundry at a sprlncs hotel, $Sf. and founa. *~.
R. HANHKN & CO., 104 Geary Bt. p
WANTED- Driver for delivery wagon In city
single man, with references, $30 per month
and found; V> men about mill and lumber
yard, fill winter's job, 320 and found, fare |
advanced; ranch teamsters, farm hands,
milkers and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay St. ' _^
WANTED— Driver for delivery wagon In city;
young single nun, $W. bnsrd. room, washing;
8 Portugiiese milkers, near city, *3'>: sheep
herder $2fi and board; f> men to work about
mill and lumber yard, $20 and board, fare a<l-
vanced; 10 woodchoppers, good job: 2 miner*.
$.% and board; laborers; cook, country hotel,
$C 0; butcher, country hotel, $2.".; and others.
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay Bt. .
WANTED— Gardener for gentleman's place In
country: 1 horse and 1 cow; $25 per month
and found. W. D. EWER A; CO., 610 Clay et.
BARBERS" Protective Union— Tne only legal
organized union on the coast. .1. J. HEINZ.
Employment Secy.. 630 Market. dowmitHlr*.
BAH HERS' Progressive Union— Free employ-
ment. 11. Bernard, sec, 104 7th: tel. Jessie 152.
WANTED- K-li'.ble man to keep plain ac-
counts anil assist in light outside work; will
pay $16 per week; small capital required. 1032
Market nt., room 4.
WANTED— Boy about 15 years of age in men'!
furnishing store; salary $3 60 a we»-k. Address
R., box 2456. Call office.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady, work. 7i6
Howard St.
WANTED Errand boy for this office. J. F.
CROSBTT 4 CO., 8M Butter siL ___^
BARBER trade taught; 6 months' course and
board for- $75; no college. Apply ''all office.
MAGNOLIA Cafe. 4 and 6 East nt.. opposite
Oakland ferry, wants good cook; sober man;
'good wnges.
FIRST-CLASS dry > ds salesman; good refer-
ences required. 1G Sansome st. ; bet. $-10 a. m.
CANVASSER wanted to handle burglar
alarms: new article; good money for right
man; $3 to $5 per -day. Box 896. Call of flee.
WANTED Presser on skirts. FRANCIS, 796
Sutter st.
WANTED -Carpenters at the chutes.
PIANO player; one that can sing preferred.
Apply at 716% Howard St., afternoon.
WANTED— First-class coatmaker. Apply at
C. W. R. FORD & CO.'S. 116 Sutter Bt.
LUNCH waiter and dishwasher, at 62? Davis st.
WANTED- A waiter. Apply at 613 Clay st.
GERMAN boy for printing office. Apply room
4. ESS California Bt.
FIRST-CLASS drummer for tailor store. Box
392. Call office.
BARBERS Good paying 2-chair shop, $50;
cause sickness; bargain; worth Investigating.
ICD9 Folsom St.
WANTED Good, steady man with t.mall capi-
tal : with $2 a day. Call 79 Third st.
SIGN painter; steady Job for sober young man.
7:' Third st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 631 Sac-
ramento st.
YOUNG man wanted to work in grocery store
at 435 Third st.
BO'S In temperance grocery; delivery work;
salary $S; state experience. Box 391. CalK^
ELDERLY man as cook; boarding-house. 322
Main Ft
LADIES or gents can make Christmas expenses;
Becure paying employment. R. SI, 916 Market.
WANTED- 10 men for Cape Nome; must have
to $300; free passage. Box 400, Call office.
500 PAIRS men's -lues, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission st., bet, lat and 2d sts.
MIDDLE-AGED German grocery clerk. Call
between 12 and 1, 725 Folsom st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. Apply at
611 Laguna st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 2jC to
.60c. ' 662 Mission Bt., bet Ist and 2d sts.
BARBER shop; 2 chairs; finely located; up to
date and good-paying business; must sell ac-
count of sickness. 302 J st.. Sacramento, Cal.
RNMENT positions— Don't prepare
for any civil BCrvlce or census examination
with. nit seeing our catalogue of Information.
Pent free. Columbian Correspondence College,
Washington, D. C.
GOOD dishwasher wanted: wages $20 to $25
per month. 1300 Turk St.
WANTED Good tailor on custom coats;
Steady work. Please inquire 233-235 Third St.
COATMAKER to go to country-; steady work.
Call DF.TMER WOOLEN CO, 11 Sansome Bt.
MAN to do janitor work for h!s tuition at S.
F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st.
BUTCHER wanted: a young man for cutting
and route; steady. Kentucky Market, lol<!
Kentucky st^
MEN to learn barber trade: only 8 weeks re-
quired- constant practice; expert instruction:
lectures on dermatology; Saturday wages;
call <>r write for free illustrated catalogue.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay Bt.
WANTED Laboicrs and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs I>en\»r House, 217 Third St.; 160 large
rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. j
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
WANTED— ICO men to try our 15c breakfast
dinner or supper; best in city. 406 McAllister
St.. near Polk.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attor-
neys, Hearst bldg. Third and Market.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
SAILORS nnd ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S. 2^Steuart_st.
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 10c. 15c and 2"c
per night. Llndell. 6th and Howard: read, rm.
TRY Acme House, Pf.7 Market, st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 41 Third st.. near Mar-
ket- 700 rooms. 25c night: reading mom: free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements nx.d
subscriptions; his Men established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Bts. ; op»n till 9 p. nr^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098 V;i-
lencla tt.
HORSES, LIVIO STOCK, Etc — For Sale
AUCTION Tuesday 11 o'clock. Ormonde Sal<>
Stable 1517 Mission St., of 40 horses direct
from the country; all well broke. S. WAT-
KINS, Auctioneer.
LOOK out for the big sale of horses Tuesday.
11 o'clock, nt Ormonde Stable, 1517 Mission st.
P. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagon, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arca.le Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Efl HEAD fine draft and driving horses at 1621
and 162R Market Ft., between Twelfth and
Brady: also some *!"»■ matched black teams.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekl]
16 pages, In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSBS LODGIXG — FOR SALE.
KREDO & CO 22'^~Geary~pL
Money to Loan at Low Rates.
24 rooms; good furniture; clears $100 a month;
a bargain; for $1100.
1850—28 ROOMS; 1 block from Market; clears
$90 to $100 month. KREDO &. CO.. 22 * Geary.
$500 II ROOMS: near Post; cheap rent;
house; clears $30. KREDO & CO., 22Y& Geary.
$450—15 ROOMS; Grant aye.; fine transient;
good location: clears $75. KREDO & CO.
$300—11 ROOMS; Geary st.: worth $500; must
sell: a snap. KREDO & CO.
LODGING house for sale cheap; central; bar-
pain as ownr-r Is going East. NATIONAL
INVESTMENT CO., 927 Market St.. room 201.
BOARDING and rooming house; centrally lo-
cated; nets $X 0 per month. COWING & CO.,
995 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS rooming house; N. Market: DO
Beas. offer refused. Cowing Co., 995 Market.
PARTY wishing to sell lodging-house se» BA-
SILE, 3 Eddy St., new cash buyer daily,
$200 WANTED, partner in r.ood paying lodg-
ir.g-house. 105 New Montgomery st.
HOUSES TO LI T.
A— PRINTED list: houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H UMBSEN .v CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A. M. SPBCK & CO., 667 MARKET ST.
HOUSES. I FLATS.
1706 Broadway. 9 r. s6o; 1523 Pine, 6 r $30
1614 Bush. 6 r $3011356 Howard. 6 r $21
132 Tremont. 7 r..s2'. 16SS Post. 5 r $19
356120 th. 3 r $351 !) Dykeman. 4 r.. ..$l5
HOI'SE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL,
30 Montgomery st.
$12— HOUSE of 4 rooms ; grand view; to a small
family only. 42.". Fremont St., near Harrison.
$16— DE BOOM, 22. off Second, near Brannan—
7 rooms and hath: newly papered and painted.
HYPNOTISM.
DR. EDWARD FISCHER, renowned hypnotist
and clairvoyant; teaches the art. 112 Sixth.
\ LOST AND FOUND.
taot Buggy robe on Mission road. Return
to Pioneer Saloon, Sixteenth and Valencia
Bts.; reward. j
LOST— silver skye terrier. Return 1530
Fulton Mt. ; suitable reward.
LOST-Sadler & Co. receipt book. Reward at
Bryan Shoe Co.. Bush and Market sts^^
' MATRIMONIAL.
ACQUAINTANCE tateUigtmt young lady or
widow; object matrimony. Add, box --4. a. ' ah.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DX. WTKTH. ladies' physician; consul-
tation free; home for patients in confinement
or with chronic diseases; guaranteed treat-
ment at office. $5. 942 Post St., between Hyde
. an.l parkin: hours. 10 to a. 7 to 8.
PRIVATE home for patients In confinement or
chronic diseases, with best possible car*.
MRS. DR. GWYER. ClO Eddy St.. bet. Hyde
an/1 Larkln. Office hours— lo to 12, 2to 4 and
7 to S. .
PRIVATE confinement home; sunny rooms;
best of care; nice garden: medicated steam
baths for ladles. DR. and MRS. WEGENEK,
phone Pine 2781; res. 1312 Golden Gate aye.
DR. POPPER; ladies' " practical physician for
37 years; call on physician with man's knowl-
edge: cure $5; can be sent and used at home.
31S Kearny; consultation free. |
DR. and MRS. DAVIES. 1228 Market: ladies'
physic-lan; chronic diseases treated; late scien-
tific methods; cure guaranteed; treatment $5.
MRR. OR. KOHL, ladles' physician, 1122 Mar-
ket Ft., bet Mason and Taylor; guaranteed
treatment at office, $5; hours 9a. m. to 5 p. in.
DR. WISE. the ladles' specialist, 1118 Market
St.; every caw guaranteed; $5 "p.
HOME In confinement: treatment $6; consulta-
tion free. MHB. ALLEN. 228 Van Ness aye.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL th» world-renowned
ladles' »p*clallst. 1023/4 Market st
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, treats all dis-
eases of the human bnfly. 115 Mason st.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOBH A- WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and of-
fice furniture and fixtures; new and second-
hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission
Bt., above Sixth.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving, mirrors,
bought, sold and exchanged. 1063 Mission st.
FOR sale; apply CALIFORNIA BARREL CO.,
327 Market st. — 1 Corliss engine, 16-inch diam-
eter cylinder and 36-inch stroke, complete
with flywheel and driving pulley; all In good
running order.
FINE sealskin coat for sale. Call at 1343
Howard et.
GENUINE diamond collar button for $11; cost
originally $27 50. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant
THREE double-barreled shotguns; English;
(Dougall-Lang-Gates); bargain. Call 192 Sev-
enth st. after 6 p. m.
SAFES — New and second for banks, merchants,
Steamers, residences; portable safety boxes;
specie chests, bullion safes, vaults, etc. The
Waltz Safe Co.. 109-111 Market st.. S. F., Cal.
FRESTI snowballs— "T. Carr" and all brands
English fire brick, fire clay, brickdust. S. R.
CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.; tel. Main 6086.
8 HOISTING engines, 3 steamers, 5 locomotives.
110 cars and all machinery used on Eureka
Breakwater. J. B. .TARDIXE, 220 Fremont.
EDISON Concert Phonograph, price reduced to
$100: concert records. $2 50. BACIGALI'PI,
933 Market St., San Francisco.
FOR Christmas presents call on JAS. A. SOR-
ENSEN, reliable jeweler, 103 Sixth St., below
Mission.
TWO-STORY new building to be removed on
account of Santa Fe depot. 21 Bryant St.,
near Main.
FOR sale— Great Dane pups. MRS. CREWE,
Charming way, bet. Fourth and Fifth sts..
West Berkeley. WS/SS
FULL-BLOOD Esquimau dog: 6 months old.
Inquire 105 Juniper Bt., off Harrison, bet.
Tenth and Eleventh.
A— s3 GO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., nr. Pine.
BOILERS, engines, drill presses, planers, lathes,
iron & wood; 2d hand. J. BURKE. 133 Beale.
$1S — WHITE sewing machine; 5 drawers; good
as new. 1915 Mission St., near Fifteenth.
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pups; 'also
fine talking parrot. 156 Tehama St., oft Third.
CREAM of Irish setter blood: prices reason-
able. Glenmore Kennels. 2041 Linden, Oakland.
CLOSING out of 300 new and 2d-hand .heaters
and ranges; from $1 up. 213 Fourth st.
SECOND-HAND machinery, electrical supplies,
boilers and engines. H,. S. White. 516 Mission.
BUYS, sells, rents gear machinery, boilers,
water pipe; new,2d-hand. Whitelaw,2l6 Spear.
DESKS, office and card tables; desks repaired
or exchanged: furn. bought. 244 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S C P. Worm mis; by all drug-
gists. or Dog Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— Xew and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO., 417-421 Sacramento st.
DRESS pants,. $2 7.': fine suit, $10. MISFIT
THING PARLORS, 513 Montgomery st.
BARS, counters, shelving. showcases bought and
sold. EIBEN. 1118 Mission: tel. Jessie 1163.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED for a collection— Fifty-dollar slugs.
Inquire at 16 Post St., Palace of Art. E.
HAQUETTE.
.WANTED— tailor stove for four Irons.
104 Kearny st. ; tailor shop.
HIGHEST price paid for old feather beds and
pillows: send postal. CHARLES LEWIS. 611
Union st.
WANTED— hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
• STONE. Flmhurst.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval, or any other good security; payable
back In installments or as a whole; if you
owe a balance on the purchase price we will
pay it and carry the loan as long as you de-
sire; avoid red tape and publicity; see us first;
you will be waited upon quietly and quickly.
Call 6S-69 Donohoe bldg. 1170 Market St.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 846 Market St.; telephone Main 1644;
branch 19 Third st.
ANY proposition; any amount: 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
in estates, legacies, life Insurance; chattel
mortgages; confidential; advice free. G. E.
OLSEN. room 16. first floor. Chronicle bldg.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
AVOID delays; try all others, then see me; $50 to
$100,000; 6 per cent; Ist. 2d or chattel mort-
gages- estates In probate, undivided interests In
estates legacies and mortgages bought: adviC9
and money furnished. P. A. Dolan, 636 Markt.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; Ist. 2d and 3d mort-
gages undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. M Montgomery, r. 3.
ON real estate, Ist or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 26 Montgomery st.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates; confidential.
BONELLI, Conservatory bldg.. 130 Powell st
CASH loaned to salaried people^ on note with-
out Indorser: also on diamonds, watches and
Jewelry. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
AT 126 Kearny, room 9. a respectable and pri-
vate place to borrow money on watches, dia-
monds, etc.: lowest rates; take elevator.
TO salaried men: without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
$8000 TO loan on furniture and pianos at I per
cent. WINSTON & CO.. 1026 Market st. -
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
wlthcnt Indorser. TOUSLE 420 Parrott big.
ALL propositions, small or large; salaries-
rents. KLOTII, 220 California st., mom 7.
A RELIABLE place to borrow money on dia-
monds, Jewelry. W. J. lIESTHAL. 10 Sixth.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist and 2d mortgs •
any proposition. DRYDEN. 413 Montgomery.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no
commission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $«
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
Stein way dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and lagest house
« es oc of . c , hlcaKo Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
Z6 zs and 30 O'Farrell «t. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
ana prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing posslbVfc done to please and satisfy the
customer. .
K^J?^ Pianos; new scale; ntw styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 20 ©'JFaxraU *»: .• .MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. !
■ ONLY a few more "special lie" pianos left at
MXUV°AIS\ 7ii9 Market bU •__
■THE "besfoYtn/best" is the "Decker & Son";
, : established In ISC6. Sold by MAUVAIS, 769
. ; Ma"rkft st. "
Music Boxes are bought by peo- :
. pie- -who want ... best ZENO MAU\ AIS
(IDSIC -CO., 71>9" Market »t., sole agents.
CLOSING out :i ■ lot of wcond'-hand pianos on
f~ Storage at. auction prices: cheap for cash.
VCILSON'S BTORAGE, 1710 Market st.
LARGE 'stock cf*!saW«"in and other standard
. Dianas 1 jiiices reduced to insure rrompt sales.
• W. C-JHAMUfrONV 324 Tost st.
FINE Fi«cher £• Stelnway ; right . sacrifleod,
KEE.FFE'B. 1019 Van Ness aye., or. Geary St.
"A— UPRIGHTS. 5*9 up: installments. $o 75 up;
rents, ?;' up (allowed on sale). Heine. 136 Ellis.
\V B BAJJGEU, 412 Sacramento st.. agent for
Francis Bacon am! Hallett & Davis pianos.
WANTED— 7 tquare pianos. UYRON MAUZY.
SOS Post st :
24? NEWS pianos to rent: $3 per mo. SCOTT-
CORTAJS CO." -560 Hayes st.
GOOD upright piano- nearly new; cheap.
HORNUNG. 216 McAllister St.
BARGAI'N-r-Gbod upright: Cheap. PCHMITZ, 16
'• McAllister st.. next HihcTnla Hank.
SOHMER. Byron Mausty and other pianos. 30S
; PSSt St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
-.!•■ T T,i~M>. ranker, r.'Tinirer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES — TO LET.
SMALL store to let In the country; good loca-
tion for shoemaker. Inquire at 849 Devlsa-
di-ro st., cor. McAllister.
TAYLOR. 21. near Market— large stores In a
nt w building. Apply to 712 Guerrero st.
EMMA SPRfcCKELS building. 927 Market St.—
■L?eht. sunny offices. $12 .V to $20 per month.
OIL.
BACHELORS' OIL COMPANY.
640 ACRES. 640 ACRES.
A FULL SECTION.
OWNED, NOT LEASED.
RIGHT IN THE CENTER OF THE FAMOUS
• . ■ POSO OIL DISTRICT.
;-. .CAPITAL, 200,000 SHARES, $1 EACH.
65 PER CENT OF THIS IS TREASURY
STOCK.
INDORSED BY ALL RECOGNIZED
EXPERTS.
TEN THOUSAND SHARES
AT 50 CENTS PER SHARE
WILL BE PLACED ON THE MARKET
TUESDAY MORNING. NOVEMBER 14. 1899,
AT THE OFFICE OF THE COMPANY, 612
HEARST (EXAMINER) BUILDING. SAN
FRANCISCO. TELEPHONE BLACK 91. OF-
FICE OPEN FROM 9 A. M. TO < P. M.
PALMISTKY.
HAVE your life read without a question or
mistake at your own home; engagements by
Phone Larkin lOCS. MRS. L.
PERSONALS.
LADY, refined, desires to marry educated gen-
tleman from 30 to 40. Box toO, Call.
MANILA French laundry; leaning, dying; 542
. Geary; curtains, 3,->o up; avoid holiday rush.
LEDERER'S Qulntonica restores health to the
hair. 2."c battle; Led rei '« Ft am Shampoo has
no equal; 5c pkg_ G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
THERE !s but one Lederer, and his hairdress-
int s'.yies are the leaders: 25c only; fin-;
ewitch^s \l up: beautiful light switches a
little higher. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton ft.
ELEGANT remnants for suits. $10 <">; ija:its.
$.175. or overcoats, $12 50; made to oit'er;
samples sent to interior. One Price Tailoring
Co.. 3C44 Market et.. St. Nicholas Ho.-M.
JOHN L. BOONE. , j Patent. Trademark
Attorney at Law* : and Copyright
No. 4 Sutter st., I<a\ra a Specialty.
San Francisco. ■'.-.1 'American and Foreign
S-::d for circular. Patents Solicited.
■ ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
- Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 100 rooms;
23c to Jl 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free "bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ARTISTIC hairdreseing, 2."c; shampooing, 25c;
halrdresslnr and manicuring taught. Up-io-
. Date Parlors, 102 C Market St., over Wonder.
SI THILLS positively cured by a physician who
has made a laity of this disease. Addtees
box 2470. Call office.
HOUSE painting in aJI requirements; done |
Cheap. 20 Laurel place, near First and Harri-
son sts.
LEADING theatrical and masquerade cos-
tnmers; make-up an 1 wigs; country orders bo-
ftcitedv GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market t.t.
SLAUGHTER In unredeemed pledges. Jewelry,
el'thinir etc . for amount loaned and inter-
est. CUT RATE LOAN OFFICE, 22 Mason.
PRIVATE detective; work at reasonable rase;-;
: 19 years' experience. J. 8., box 2SBB, Call.
A. KLEIN buys .thing, bric-a-brac, tools and
old 'gold) send /or him. 109 Sixth jst.
ONLY store that huys old gold. Jewelry and
cast-off clothing. COLEMAN'S, 506 Kearny.
BKST price for cast-r.ff clothing and bric-a-
-brac. H. MARKS, 209 Third St.; send postal.
JAMES A. SORENSEN, watchmaker and Jew-
eler, removed to 103 ?lxth .«t., near Mission.
EUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market, bel 7th end Bth.
DR. L. B WOOD; dental work In all branches;
examination free. 71 . Market St.. rms. 2 & 3.
PAINTING and paperhanging; rooms papered,
$2 Z0 up. JENSEN & BATH, 808 Sixth St.
MRS, L. J. WHEELOCK has removed I-a Verite i
parlors to 1140 Market St.; phone Folsom 446.
MLLE. CLAIRE BERTRAND, manicure par-
lors. 238 Kearny Ft., first floor, room 1 1
MRP. BENNETT. 1165 Mission— Cancer -jure i
days: no knife, no caustics; references.
HIP.PUTINE CO., hair specialists, grow hair
or no pay; book for stamp. 6 Eddr st.
ANTIQUE and curiosity shoe; books bought,
sold, exchanged 525 Duppnt st., near Cal.
INCRUSTATION— invention for china dec-
orators. See S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome st.
LACHMAN & CO., mfn». of fine fur? and seal
garments; also remodeling. 104 Kearny st.
IF you wish full value for your caet-off loth-
ing call on B. COHEN, 157 Third St.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no knife; no Injec-
tion: guarantd. Dr. rain 514 Pine, ab. Krny.
WANTED— OId gold for manuf'sr. O. NOLTE,
Jeweler, 24* O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mason. '
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— Weekly Call, '
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
PHOTOGRAPHIC SUPPLIES^
FINEST and fullest stock: square deal and
prompt service; country orders our specialty;
ritaloirue free. Cal. Camera Co.. 22 Geary «t.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— For cash customers, Richmond
• "lotij: mußt be bargains. C. F. MOORE, 935
Market St., room 6. *'
REAL ESTATE cITr — FOR HALE.
AT A. M. SPECK & CO.'S for good bargains.
$136,PrtO— New building; - rents $10,000 yearly.
*4X*ViQ— Grand investment; rents $402.
$30,0 CO —Stores and flats; rents $300.
JtfOl)— Three tiatrf on lot 22x50 feet; near Pow-
el! St.; rents $1$: all rented: foreclosure.
■ '$14.1100— Three grand new flats; rents $115.
$14,000— Geary m., near Mason; store and lodg-
ing hoUS'?.
$14,500— Three elegant new flats, near Mason
st.; rentea for $142: an estate; must sell.
' $1f7,u00 Three fiats; new; elegant; rents $105. i
tJ2.3oo—Store and flats; lot 50-foot front; halt \
block from Taylor anl Market BtS. ; rents $100.
$10.500— New flats; very fine; rents $95.
19500— Mason-'«U corner, with 7 flats; renting
low for $SO. ■
?720O— Transfer corner; store and 3 flats; mort-
gage. JCifiO.
J7soC— Three new flats; rents about $80; near
Pcwell and Bush Ets.
f9oCo— Post St.; 3 flats; rents $60.
'jJIOO— Two el'-gant flats; Sutter St.; lot 27-foot
r /rdnt ; very cheap.
j.-nf,<>— California St.: 3 flats; rents $45.
«4jn<v_Slx Ice flats; near Sixth st. ; rents $46.
$20'*!— Flats; rents $30.
j2i!(<i_Two flats; Mission; 10 rooms; rents $20;
lot 25x114 feet.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 667
•Market et^ j
FhF.AP— Grant are. corner, near Putter; must
be sold at once. Apply A. RUEF, attorney- ;
at-l.'iw. 4C2 Montgomery Bt. i
♦:;4")0— MODERN C-room cottage on bltumi nixed ;
street; lot 2f.x120; also a large 7-room house
on Pierce st., near Hafffht; houses built to
p-i't purchaser: is] terms. Inquire on prem- |
: ises. F. NELPON, builder.
JOOfl FOR new house of 5 rooms and lot 50x100,
In Oakland; terms $200 ensh, lance $9 per
month: lot and house cost $1201. Inquire. WM.
"HENDRICKSON & CO., 614 Call bunldlng.
SACRIFICES; must be sold: make in offer:«new
S>-room house and lot 2<s:fixlOO; No. 356 Rleh-
'laud £iv<-. : eoft $srj;O: less than $2000 #111 buy
It. SHADBURNE. Cl 9 Sacramento st. / ;
rF you have lots north of Golden Gate -Park.
west of First five." and you wish to sell them,
call" on W. J. GUNN, -110 Montgomery st. -
PINE-St. flats and lot 25x137:6; will be sold i
; very ch<»p. Box 2450, Call office.
REAL — CITY — FOR SALE.
A GRAND OPPORTUNITY.
I JOHANNISBERG SPRINGS —An Ideal and
prosperous summer resort, consisting of 3.20
acres; 75 acroti under cultivation. Including 40
acres of resistant vineyard; large 3-story
winery, with machinery and cooperage; im-
provements consist of main building: plenty
, .of 1 to 6 room cottages and tents, all fully
furnished and equipped for business; full
house every season; i>ays owner over 20 per
cent on investment; books open for inspec-
tion; resort Is located only BO miles from San
Francisco, at the foot of Mount Veeder, in
the midst of the Naps redwoods, 6 miles west
of Oakville railroad station; large lake, mm- ;
er?! springs, beautiful canyons and scenery;
this charming place was formerly ■ ned by
Dr. J. a. Bauer, and cost former owner over
$"0,000; must lie rented or sold for a third of
its cost, on account of Immediate departure of
1 owner to Europe; capitalist's nice; an offer
wanted. For particulars and photographs In-
quire of A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
. —
HEAL ESTATE — COUNTRY For Sal*
160 ACRES, Bants Clara County; part in fruit;
7-r'oom house; bargain; $3600: terms to suit.
.T. '.V. DONNELLY & CO.. 832 Market st.
2S ACRI'S of choice fruit or early vegetable
land. For particulars address P. O. box 137,
avllle.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A BRANCH office for C.-Ul advertisements and
subscriptions ha? been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets. Open until 9 p. m.
CLAY, 2421, near Fillmore— 2 large unfurnished
upper rooms; yard; water; rear: rent $7.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions I
I received at Call bran office. 2200 Fillmore st.
i EDDY, 604— Two sunny furnished rooms, com-
I ;>lete' for housekeeping.
FIFTH. 3."3- -Furnished housekeeping; 8 con-
necting. $13; also ■■>. $5 to $7..
POLS S34— Sunny front bay-window room
and kitchen, bath, modern conveniences, $3
week; also - sunny front housekpg., $2 50 ■■>■;%.
FULTON, 121';— Two snnny front furnished
housekeeping ' rooms; range; water; large
I yard; pent ?10.
j FULTON, 218, cor Van Ness— Kitchen, bed-
room, yard; hot and cold water; other rooms.
HOWARD. 650— Furnished room and kitchen
for housekeeping.
HYDE. 408^-Newly furnished sunny front suite,
housekeeping rooms. $2f'; also other rooms.
: IVY aye., 234—3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; rent $9. •
LARK IN, 326— Clean sunny housekeeping apart-
ments; $16 to $25 per month: central.
MINNA, 2S--Furni?hed housekeeping and single
rooms* moderate rent.
NOE, 153— Two very pleasant rooms; modern;
upper fiat: gas stove; $12.
I O'FARRELL. 128. near Powell— All light rooms;
j $4. Apply 15 Grant aye.
i SEVENTEENTH, 3739—3 or 4 furnished house-
; keeping rooms to party; $12 or $15.
THIRD 143— Sunny housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; 'front, first floor; bath; gas. *
TWELFTH, 120— Suite of nicely furnished front
housekeeping rooms; gas range; private fam-
ily; select locality.
| VAN NESS 31— gantly furnished sunny
I suite housekeeping rooms; bay-window; run-
• nine water.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and I
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va- i
lencia st.
j ROOMS TO LET Fura. and Infuiu.
: AN up-to-date new fireproof building— "San !
' Antonio"; Opened Oct. 14: electric elevator;
I hot and cold water; radintora and coal grates; ;
rates reasonable. 21 Taylor st., near Market.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, . 14S Sixth— Rooms
' 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and ;
light housekeeping: open all night.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts.— \
Homelike house: modern uervtce"; elevator; :
bath- rooms 50c to $1 50 day. MRS. J. KING.
A— "EPWORTH"— CIean; respectable; $1 25 to
$6 per week; housekeeping 1037 1 i Market Ft.
BURNETT, 142« Market (old No. 1364)— Fu-
rnished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market, cor. Golden Gate
aye. — Sunny corner; well turn; rms. & offices.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished Funny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 123 (United States Hotel)— Clean, neat
rooms; $1 50 week up; elevator day and night.
FELL. 113. nr. Market— 2 newly furnished
rooms; running: water; $S and $10. ■
FOLSOM. 306— Two sunny connecting rooms;
unfurnished.
FOLSOM. 1530 — Furnished sunny alcove front 1
room for two, or housekeeping.
FRANKLIN, 21 (Newport)— Nice sunny bay-
window room for 2 young men; also housekpg.
GRAND SOUTHERN- Southeast cor. Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladies' parlor; reading room; elevator.
GRANT aye., 21 (The Wellington)— Respectable
family rooming-house; new and elegantly fur- j
nished room?: grates; running water; bath; j
50c, 75c. $1, $1 60 per night; $2 50 to $7 per wk. |
GROVE, 419— Pleasant room; suitable for one
or two.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
I HOWARD, 715— sunny rooms; nicely fur-
nished; every convenience; electric lights.
HOWARD, 829— Clean, respectable. 25c to $1 per
night; from $1 per week to $3; Howard-st car !
to the door.
LEXINGTON aye., Warm belt Mission;
sunny furnished room; bath; rent cheap.
! MASON, 2:." H- Nicely furnished rooms; single j
or en suite; $1 50 per week up. :
! MCALLISTER, 702%— 2 nice rooms for house- I
keeping; also single and suites; bath; gas.
' MINNA, 667. corner Elghtn— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NATOMA, 602, near Seventh— Nicely furnished
Funny front room for one or two persons.
NEW Arlington. 1015 Market— Nicely furnished;
85c day up; $2 week up; transient.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: electric lights; day, wk.. mo.
O'FARRELL, Large sunny front room:
j cas. trrate, run. water; suitable for 2 gents.
ROPEDALE. 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor— rooms;
25c a night: $1 a week: transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis st.— lncandescent
light, reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' j
parlor; rooms, per night, Ho to $1 50; week, $2 !
t- $S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on office floor; j
rooms with hot. cold water: baths.
SEVENTH. 192 (Glrard House)— handsome
sunny corner rooms aa offices. ,
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
TENTH, 123, near Market— Airy, light room;
rent $5.
THE Oaks, 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
I TURK. 137— Nice, furnished front rooms, $3 and j
$8 month; single room, $5.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at the
northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken- i
tucky ats. Open till 9 p. m. _^
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
pußscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
l"n»"H st.
ROOMS WASTED.
I THREE 'or four neatly furnished rooms; light
housekeeping: use of bath; state price. P.
C. LUTZ. 130K Market st.
. OLD lady wants a housekeeping room In
Sacred Heart parish; rent $4. Call 113. Frank-
lln at.
| SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth, phone Mint 45. '
i ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 105 Fourth st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Cblchester's English I'ennyroyaT Pills !
are the best; safe, reliable; take no other; !
send 4c stamps for particulars. "Relief for j
Ladles," In letter by return mail; at drug- i
glats. Chiehester Chemical Co.. Phlladel., Pa. ;
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up; ;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co., 319 Third.
MASSAGE vapor, electric baths. PROF. W.
KIEDL, 106 Eddy, form, at Highland Springs.
I BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made; ■
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery St.. rooms fl-10: tel. 5520.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES;
CALA. Storage Warehouse. F. SMITH, prop.. :
. 722 Mission; good's guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PJER( L.PH Storage and Moving Co. |
Office. 401 Pout, cor Powell: tel Main 5711
TO LEASE.
BTORE to lease; Mission Bt.. bet. First and
Second: lot 25x100; put In order to suit tenant. |
J. TOMPKINSON. 57 Minna st.
WATCH REPAIRING.
WATCHES cleaned 75c; guaranteed 2 years.
The Roy Jewelry and Optical Co., 540 Kearny.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 1899.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
■
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$1800— 60x150. with large cottage of 6
rooms and bath; stable, windmill, tank, etc.
$2500— Lot 40x115: fine 2-story house 8 rooms
I and bath: near station; must be sold at once;
worth $4000.
$2Soo— Lot 40x150, on Morton St.. bet. the rail-
roads, with fine new modern cottage 7 rooms;
$500 cash, balance $25 per month. ■
$3350- -Lot 40x150; Morton st., near Santa
Clara aye ; elegant new house of 8 rooms;
S5OO cash, balance $30 per month. Houses to
let In all parts of Alameda.
H. V MOUr.AI, & CO.. 1432 Park st.
ALA Mi: A ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladles In de.licate health; large
grounds; private. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Ml;.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRI'ITVALE REAL - .jTATE.
FOR rent— Six acres orchard; house 6 rooms,
bath; barri] chicken houses. 1086 Market, B. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
4 ELEGANT houses In course of construction
on 83d St., bet. Grove and West; 2 completed;
ail modern improvements; street work, side-
walks done; small payment down; balance
monthly If desired; houses open for Inspection
10 to 4 Sundays. J. 11. SIMPSON, 615 20th st.
$20u CASH for a lovely home. Fruitvale, ad-
joining East Oakland; no fogs nor cold winds:
situate on Fruitvale aye.; 9-room modern
house, 1 year built; large lot, barn, shed,
chicken house, etc.; city water and sewer;
electric cars pass the door; 'street work all
dene; delightful surroundings; price, all told,
$2000; $1200 can- remain; terms to suit buyer
for balance, or will exchange. 405 Seventh St..
near corner of Broadway, ' Oakland. HENRY
2. JONES. Owner. •
$1000—1 HAVE for sale 50 lots 25x125 as a whole;
thlß property is worth $3000; the owner Is in
absolute distress for the want of immediate
funds and is sacrificing this property that
she may make an immediate sale; the lots
command a magnificent view; within 40 min-
utes of the city; has 2 railroad stations within
3 minutes' walk; running water, etc.; call tin d
get full particulars. J. W. LATMANCE, *36
Market St.. S. F., 460-462 Eighth St.. Oakland.
MODERN, nearly new, 2-story 9-room residence
In Fruitvale, at corner of Champion and Nlcol
aye.; only $200 cash, balance to suit; house
open to-day.
$1000— LOT. 4-room house, bath; suitable for
chicken ranch; Haley st.. East Oakland,* take
.Highland Park ear.
Oakland: ROOMS and board.
SUNNY rooms, single or en suite; board; near
narrow gauge. "1427 Franklin st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Shellhaas. the
furniture dealer. HOt and Franklin. Oakland.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 3 (25c per
share) of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation Com-
pany will be payable at the office of the com-
pany No 327 Market st., on and after
Wednesday; November 15, • ISS9. Transfer
books will close on Thursday, November 9,
1899, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for furnishing labor and material
for laying tile floors in the hallways of the
main (or first) floor and the second and third
floors of th. Hall of Justice building.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, November 14, 1899.
•In accordance with Resolution No. 3664
(fourth series) of the Board of Supervisors
sealed proposals will be received in open ses-
sion of the Board of Supervisors on Monday
afternoon, November 20, 1899. from 2 to 2:30
o'clock, for furnishing the labor and material
for laying tile floors in the hallways of the
main (or first) floor and the second and third
floors of the Hall of Justice building in strict
accordance with the plans and specifications
prepared by Messrs. Shea & Shea, architects,
and to be seen at their office, No. 28 Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco.
The work of construction to be done In strict
accordance with the said plans and specifica-
tions and under the supervision of Messrs.
Shea & Shea, architects.
Eight hours to constitute a day's work for
all workmen employed upon the work, and
the minimum rate of wages to be. paid on said
work to be two ($2) dollars per day.
Bidders will estimate and state a price for
■which the entire work will be performed to
the entire satisfaction of the architects,
Messrs. Shea & Shea.
The party to whom the contract may be
awarded will be required prior to or at the
time of the execution of said contract, to pay
the cost of advertising this notice in three
dally newspapers and the resolution award-
ing the contract in the official newspaper.
In order to preserve uniformity and to fa-
cilitate the award the board has resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee . and a certified
check on some bank in the City and County
of San Francisco for the sum of five hundred
($500) dollars, deposited by the bidder with
his bid and made payable to the Clerk of the
Board of Sueprvlsors, conditioned that If the
proposal be accepted and the contract award-
ed, and If the bidder shall fail or neglect to
pay the printing charges, execute the con-
tract and give the required bond within six
days after the award is made, then and in
that ruse the said sum shall be paid into the
City and County Treasury by said Clerk as
liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal.. Oct.
18, 1599. Sealed proposals for furnishing and
delivering fresh beef and mutton will be. re-
ceived here and at offices of Commissaries at
Alcatraz Island, Angel Island, Benleia Bar-
racks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Francis-
c6 and Pan Diego Barracks, Cal., until 11
o'clock a. m.. November 16, 1899, and then
opened. Information furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals should
be Indorsed "Proposals for fresh beef and
mutton," and addre>-<*.-d to undersigned or
to Commissary at post to be supplied. 11.
J. GALLAGHER, Major. Chief Commissary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon,
November. 2S. 1599. and publicly opened Im-
mediately thereafter to furnish at the navy
yard, Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of rivets,
brushes, feather dusters, brooms, crockery,
nails, hardware, wire, buckets, screws, locks,
lanterns, lampwlck, cotton calking, Instru-
ments, leathers, lumber, hoop brass, rivet
rod, pipe covering, packing, lye, paints, gold
leaf, varnishes, shellac, pipe fittings, valves,
cocks, flies, tools, emery, bath brick, mats,
soap, grindstone and hydraulic Jacks. Blank
proposals will be furnished upon application
to the bureau, or to the navy pay office, San
Francisco. Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster
Ganeral. U. 3. N. 10-30-99.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. ™
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
Ernest Valquards and Emily Suedens 30-2$
Jacob Rehm and Marie T. Murzl *..... 21-18
John Noll and Bertha Chapman../ 30-30
John M. Herring and Frances Blanchard... 2l-19
William Htone and Mamie Lunny 30-18
Charles F. Nelson! and Anna Sandstrom.. 34-26
Henry O. McNulty and Greta B. Hughes.. .23-19
James J. McNess and Annie Dlxon 24-20.
A. V. Wetterllnd and Sophie A. Starsonels. 34-23
Everett F. Carreras and Mary G. Murphy.. 41-27
Fred Johnson and Margaret Cronln 29-33
Albert Bouqules and Cesarine Laurent 2!t-l<>
Henry W. Stlrewalt and Jennie Race 30-30
Louis Baron and Florence Baron. 37-24
John D. Morgan and Marie McNeil 37-27
Ferdinand Bernert and Mary Connell 47-25
"Births— marriages— deaths. "
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorised to have the same published.
BORN".
CARR— this city, November 9, 1899, to 'the
wife of William H. Carr, a son.
DIRSH- this city, November 8, 1899, to the
wife of C. E. Dlrsh, a son.
GLINDEN— In this city, September IS, 1599, to
the wife of M. H. Gllnden, a daughter.
PETROSCHKA— In this city, November 11. 1899,
to the wife of Emil Petroschka, ' a daughter.
REED— In this city, November 12. 1899, to the
wife of John Allen Reed, a daughter.
STANTON— In this city, October 13. 1899, to the
wife of William Palmer Stanton. a son.
MARRIED.
MILKEN- In this city, November 11,
1899, by. the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, Herman
H. Hllkf-n and Tillle M. Meier.
NOREN— FREIER— In this city. November 11,
IS9O, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, August
Noren and Julia Freler.
DIED.
Burrington, A. C. Murphy, Dennis J.
Connor, Lillian F. Obert, Charles W.
Flaherty, Mary Page, Joseph
Grossetta, Marietta Pgoetz, Louis
Haberlan, Margaret Rlddock. Janette S. :
Hall.. Abraham Ritter, Anna
Hancock, Davis C. Roman. Henrietta
Kingsley, Alfred M. Shupp, Bertha
Lindeman, Theresa Steiner, Lena
McKay, John P. Stoltz, Arthur .
Marshall, Ellen Syron, Veronica
Martin, Emma L. Turner, Jessie M.
Morken, Johanna M. Wilder, Mrs. Mary A.
.' Morley. Mary Van R.
BURRINGTON— In Sacramento. November 12.
1599, A. C. Burrington, father of Alice Podd,
a red 70 years.
CONNOR— In San Rafael, November 12, 1899,
Lillian Frances, beloved wife of William
Connor, mother of Arundel and William F.
Connor, and daughter of Frank S. and Mary
Walsh, a native of San Rafael, aged 23 years
11 months and 16 days. . .
(n7"Frien.ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), from her late residence, thence to
St. Raphael's "Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
FLAHERTY— In Claremont, November 13, 1899,
Mary liberty, beloved mother of Mrs. Annie
Dcn'nelly, a native of County Galway, Ire-
land, weed 70 years.
• ICTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GROSSETTA— this city, November 12, 1899,
Marietta, widow of the late Martin Grossetta,
a native of Stolivo, Austria, aged 78 years
and 12 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from Gray's Under-
taking Parlors, 641 Sacramento street, thence
to St. Brieid's Church, corner of Broadway
and Van Ness avenue, Where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
clock.
HABERLAN— In West Berkeley. November 11.
1S9!). Margaret T, beloved wife of John
HaberlHii. and mother of Kittle, Maggie,
Alice. John J. aand George T. Haberlan. Mrs.
Charles F. GHmartln and Mrs. H. E. Lyons,
a native of County Clare, Ireland.
(I^TFriends and ncquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 lock, from her late resi-
nee, 1410 Fifth street, thence' to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Berkeley, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment St. Mury':- Cemetery, Oakland.
HALL— In this city, November 13. 1899, Abra-
ham Hah, a native of Cohasset, Mass., aged
74 years 2 months and 6 days.
HANCOCK— Entered into life eternal, at Phoe-
nix., Ariz., November 13, 1899, Davis C, be-
loved husband of Ida Soule Hancock, son of
Mrs. C. E. Hancock, and brother of Charles
E. and John Hancock and Mrs. George
Churchill, a native of Mystic River, Conn.
KINGSLEY— In this city, November 13, 1899,
Alfred M., dearly beloved husband of Char-
lotte Klngsley. and father of .lames, Sister
Pius, Sadie, Katherine and Lucy Klngsley,
a nfltive of Norwich. Conn., aged 6S years.
LINDEMAN— In Alameda, November 13, 1599,
Theresa Edith, wife of Ferdinand Lindeman,
mother of Mrs. George Gray Gormley, Mrs.
William J. Browne, Mrs. Ryan and Ferdi-
nand, Eva, Isabel and Arthur Lindeman, and
Bister -of Mrs. C. E. T. Graham and Mrs. L.
1) Shortt, a native of Ixindon, England.
{CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 913 Park street. Alarneda, thence
to St. Joseph's Church. Interment private.
McKay-- In Chicago, November 8, 1599, John
P. McKay, beloved son of John N. and step-
son of Mary McKay, and beloved brother of
Mrs. W. C. Moorman and William N. Mc-
Kay, aged 22 years and 20 days.
MARSHALL In Oakland, November 12, 1899,
Ellen Marshall, beloved wife Of Ephraim
Marshall, mother of Charles. William and
Edward Mara— all, and sister of Bernard and
William Cunningham, a native of County
Westnieath, Irelani. aged 37 years.
(u7"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(, Tuesday ). at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2020 Union street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where mass will be celebrated
lor the repose if her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
Oakland. •
MARTIN— In Oakland, November 12, 1899,
Emma I. beloved wife of William H. Mar-
ti:, and mother of George and John Martin,
a native of Beverly, Mass., aged 45 years 3
months and 35 days.
CT'Frientls and acquaintances are respect-
full- invited to attend the funeral services
lhl**daj (Tuesday); at 2 o'clock, at the Union-
street Presbyterian Church. Union street, be-
tween Eig.ith ?nd Tenth, West Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
MORKEN— this city, November 13, 1899, Jo-
hanna M. A. Morken, dearly beloved and only
child of William C. and Maria Morken. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 5 years 11 months
and 17 days. ," t ...
C .'The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of the parents. 402 Larktn street.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
M"RI.FV this city, November 12. 1899, Mary
Van Reynegom Morley, beloved wife of Frank
K. Mi rley, a native of Bath, Me., ac«-d IS
Mnrs and 11 months.
' 0-7" Funeral from St. Stephen's Episcopal
Church this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock. In-
terment Drivate.
MURPHY— this city, November 12, 1899,
Dennis J.. "beloved husband of Hannah
Murphy, and father of Mamie E.. Annie E.,
Albert and Joseph Murphy, a native of Bal-
lyvourney, County Cork, Ireland, aged 67
years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 141V4 Fair Oaks street, thence to St.
James Church, wjtiere a requiem mass will
be celeb! for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OBERT— In this city, November 12, 1899,
Charles William, son of the late Albertine
obert stepson of Anton Obert, and nephew of
Mrs. Peter Reichling, a native of New York,
aged 41 years.
PAGE— this city, November 13, 1599, Joseph
Page, a native of England, aged 43 years.
PGOETZ-In this city. November 13, 1899,
Louis, husband of Henriette Peoetz, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 67 years.
RIDDOCK— In this city, November 11, 1898,
i Janetto B. Riddock. beloved daughter of
Alexander and Jessie Riddock. a native of
1 Contra Costa County, California, awed 34
years.
MEMBERS of Martha Washington Council
No 2, D. of L., are hereby notified to attend
the tuncrnl of our late sister, Janette Rld-
dock from her late residence. 23V* Perry
street, this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock.
GERTYE DEEMER, Councilor.
MABEL M. LATHEROW. Rec. Sec.
RITTER--In this city, November 12, 1899, Anna.
beloved wife of Charles A. Ritter, and mother
of George, William and Charles Rltter, Mrs.
. J C. Schilling and Henry. Arthur. Gustave
and Ferdinand Ritter, aged 53 years and 10
months.
ETFuneral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock from the residence of her son. Wil-
liam Rltter, 157 Sixth avenue. Interment pri-
vate.
ROMAN— In this city. November 13. 1899. Hen-
rietta Roman, beloved mother of Mrs. Alvlna
P.i rowsky, the late Mrs. Bertha Levison, Mrs.
Clara Lowensteln, Mrs. F. Pauson, Mrs. 11.
Summertield and Simon, Herman and Bruno
Roman, a native of Zduny. Germany, aged
82 years.
i.*; ,:ii's and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10:13 o'clock, at
the residence of H. Summerfleld, 1207 Gough
street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
SHUPP— In' this city, November 12, 1899, Ber-
tha Shupp, beloved mother of Mrs. Dr. G. W.
Leek Mrs. H. Stenla and R. E. Shupp, a na-
tive of lowa, aged 60 years.
IT?" lnterment private.
STEINER— In Alameda, November 12, 1899,
Lena, wife of the late George Steiner, mother
of George and Edward Bauer and Mrs. F. I.
Pape, and stepmother of Jake and Annie
Steiner. aged 71 years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 1045 Central
avenue, Alameda. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery, Oakland. Friends Invited.
STOLTZ^In New York. November 13, 1899, Ar-
thur, beloved son of Eugene and Mary Stoltz,
aged 9 years and 4 months.
BYRON— In this city, November 12, 1899, Ve-
ronica, only and beloved daughter of Hugh
S. 'and Sadie Syron, and beloved sister of
Willie. John and Steve Syron, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years 7 months and 1 day.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), nt 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 433 Clementina street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
TURNER— In this city, November 12. 1599, Jes-
sie Margaret, dearly beloved daughter of
William and Margaret Turner, a native of
' San Francisco, aged 6 years 3 months and 18
days. (Chicago, 111., papers please copy.)
(C?"Frlend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
Of her parents, 1122 Kearny street, corner of
Vallejo. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
WILDER— In this city, November 11. 1899, Mrs.
Mary Ann Wilder (nee Ingarglola), beloved
wife of William P. Wilder, and mother of
Mrs C. Baker, Mrs. William R. Elliot, Mrs.
Vincent Baraco. Mrs. G. W. Grann'.ss and
Miss L M.. Frank and Gussie Ingarglola, a
native of Philadelphia, aged 67 years 10
months and 5 days.
We miss thee from our house, dear mother.
We miss thee from thy place;
A shadow o'er our life Is cast:
We miss the sunshine of thy face;
We miss thy kind and willing hand.
Thy fond and earnest care.
Our home is dark without, dear mother.
We miss thee everywhere.
HER CHILDREN.
ST?- Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral ■ervioes this day (Tues-
day), at 1 o'clock, at the residence of her
daughter, 1121 Bush street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
HI NRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
, (Successors to Flannagan & Gall-iztv?-).
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMRALMERS,
20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School,
Telephone South 80.
WilylulilSS
EXPLOSION OF
HITRO-GLYCERINE
Terrific Effect Upon
Vicinity.
TIFFIN, Ohio, Nov. 13.— A rn;igazlne
used by the Bradford Nitro-glyoerine Fac
tory to store the product of their plant,
located two and a half mtles east of Glb
sonburg, exploded this afternoon at 1:30.
The shock was heard at towns within a
radius of forty miles, and the effects of
the explosion In the immediate neighbor
hood were terrific.
The magazine is located in the woods, a
quarter of a mile from any dwelling, and j
thin alone prevented terrible loss of life. .
Benjamin Card, driver of a stock wagon, i
had brought a load of 720 Quarts of nitro- ;
glycerine from the factory at Bradford,'
and was unloading it when the explosion ■
took place. Just how it Happened will
never be learned. Card and the two j
horses driven by him received the full ef
fect of the explosion. He was Mown to
atoms. Only a few shreds of his body .
were found, and pieces of horseflesh were
found miles away. It is supposed that he
! had a companion, but this is not posl-
I tively known.
The explosion made a hole seven feet
deep In the solid rock, and trees in the
vicinity were torn to splinters. People
within' a mile of the place were knocked
flat, pictures were torn from the walls.
dishes thrown out of cupboards, window^
shattered and hou?os moved from their
foundations. All the windows in Gibsi n
-1 burg were broken. There were about 1500
I quarts of glycerine in the wagon and in
the magazine.
Card lived in Bradford. Ohio, and left a
family. The shock was distinctly felt
here. ______________
SENSATIONAL EVIDENCE
IN INSURANCE CASE
Mrs. Sallie R. Hlllmon of I*eaven
worth Seeks to Recover Because
of Her Husband's Death.
LEAVEN WORTH, Kans., Nov. 13.—
Sensational evidence \vas adduced to-day
In the noted Hillmon insurance case, in
which Mrs. Sallle E. Hillmon, for the
fifth time in twenty years, is suing East
ern insurance companies to recover on
policies held by her husband, John \\\
Hillmon, who disappeared in 1879. The at
torneys for Mrs. Hillmon put Arthur Sitn
n.ons, a I^eavenworth ciga r maker, on the
stand, and he swore positively that
Adolpb Walters worked for him in May,
IS7B.
This is two months after the insurance
companies allege that Walters was killed
by Hillmon and one Brown near Medicine
Lodgtj, Kans. Simmons recognised
"Walters by his photograph and showed
his hooks of twenty years ugo to prove
that Walters had worked for hLm at that
time. The main points of the insurance
companies have been to prove that Hill
mon, i'.rown and Levl Baldwin were in n.
conspiracy, and that they killed Walters
to. pass his body off for that of Hillmon.
The insurance, with Interest, involved,
now amounts to nearly $100,000.
NAVAL GOVERNOR FOR
ISLAND OF TUTUILA
Administration of America's Samoan
Possession to Be Modeled After
That of Guam.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— Jurtge Cham
bers, Chief Justice of Samoa, who is now
in this country on leave of absence, called
at the State Department to-day and had
a long conference with Secretary Hay re
specting Samoan affairs, and particularly
the conditions of the island of Tutuila,
which is to become the exclusive property
of the United States upon the ratification
of the recently arranged division of the
Samoan group. The Chief Justice made
a favorable report upon the island, which
has a native population of about 7000 per
sons, for whom some form of government
must be devised. It probably will be pat
terned after that at Guam, where the
navy maintains a naval Governor.
The closing chapters of the history of
the administration under the Berlin
treaty are to be set out in a report which
Judge Chambers has prepared and will
submit to the Secretary of State to^-mor
row.
ROBBERS BOLDLY STEAL
VALUABLE DIAMONDS
Take $30,000 Worth of Gems From
the Store of a Jeweler in Broad
Daylig-nt.
CLEVELAND, Nov. 18.— Thirty thou
sand dollars' worth of diamonds were
stolen this afternoon from the store of
Sigler Bros, at 354 Euclid avenue. Three
men entered the store, which is on the
second floor. One of the trio stood at the
elevator cage and the other two entered
the office of Mr. Sigler. One of the
strangers engaged the attention of one of
the clerks and the other talked to Mr.
Sigler, at whose 3lde was a black box,
four by ten Inches, containing the dia
monds.
Mr. Sigler says his attention was dis
tracted for a moment and upon turning
to his supposed customers both had fled
and the box of jewelry was gone.
RACING TO MANILA.
Cruiser New Orleans Proving Too
Fast for the Brooklyn.
WASHINGTON. Nov. 13.— The New Or
! leans Is beating the Brooklyn In the ocean
j race for Manila. The Brooklyn sailed to-
I day from Port Tewfik for Aden, at the |
I mouth of the Red Sea, while the New
i Orleans arrived at Port Said at the west
ern end of the Suez canal yesterday.
I But the New Orleans, it is paid at the
! Navy Department, where the race is be
ing Watched with interest, has gained a
! full day's time on the crack American
cruiser, as she is now only three days be
hind, starting under a handicap.
The surgeon general has been informed
of the arrival of the hospital ship Mis
souri at Colombo November 12, en route
to Manila, All on board are well.
BRYAN GOES HUNTING.
Joins Colonel M. C. Wetmore's Party
With His Son.
SPRINGFIELD, Mo., Nov. 13.— William
J. Bryan and son joined Colonel M. C.
Wetmore's hunting party here to-day and
left for the latter's game preserves in the
Ozatk Mountains. In the party besides
Mr. Bryan and Mr. "Wetmore were J. J.
Ilogun and daughtfr of La Crosse, &ar
ve* Salmon and daughter, Sam B. Cook
and wife and Mrs. Thompson of St. Louis.
Mr. Bryan declined to be Interviewed,
saying he was making the trip solely to
get away from public interests.
Churcn Burned Down.
MODESTO. Nov. p.— The Baptist
church at Ceres, five mi.les south of Mo
desto, was totally destroyed by lire last
evening a short tir before the time for
religious services. A fire had been lighted
in the furnace and the janitor had gone
i away. Soon after the whole structure
i was in flames and nothing was saved.
j Loss, $7000; no insurance. The furnace
and church had been renovated and re
modeled, workmen having concluded their
work on Saturday last. The edifice was
I the only place of worship in Ceres.
Stanford Debaters.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Nov. 13.—
The semi-final tryout of candidates for
the Carnot debating team ended Saturday
night, resulting in the selection of Eng
lish. L. B. Wilson, Marrack. Bdlin,
Quayle and Miss Anna G. Fraser. These
six debaters will meet Hayden and
Springer, when the team of three will be
selected from the eight candidates.
ELECT OFFICERS.
New Telephony, Telegraph and Cable
Company Selects Its Directorate.
NEW YORK, Nov. 13.— The stock
holders of the newly Incorporated Tele
phone, Telegraph and Cable Company of
America met to-day and elected the fol
lowing officers: President, William J.
Latta;. secretary, George F. Hawkins;
directors— J. Latta, Martin Ma
loney and James E. Ha.yes. The articles
of incorporation . show that Latta, Ma
loney and Hayeis have but ten shares
each. The shares are of $50 each. The
authorized capital stock is $30,000,000.
— ■ -♦- ;?»:■;:
THURSTON TO WED.
Confirmation of the Report Concern
ing -the Senator.
OMAHA. Nov. 13.— Confirmation was
made at the Tfrurston residence In this
city to-day of /the report that Senator
John M. ThiirF:u>n was to wed Miss Lola
Peannan of Washington. The wedding
will occur in Washington one day this
week and the,' Senator and his bride will
take a two weeks' wedding trip before re
turning to Washington for the session of
Congress. He is expected to spend
Thanksgiving- in this city with his bride.
the
Lieutertant Slavens Promoted.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 13.— The Presi
dent to-day appointed First. Lieutenant
Thomas H. Slavens, Fourth Cavalry, a
captain and assistant quartermaster, vice
Captain Howard, recently killed in the
Philippines. Lieutenant Slavens was
graduated from the military academy and
appointed to the Fourth Cavalry in June.
1001.
Builder's Contract.
William F. Miller ' (owner) with L. T. Fenn
(contractor), plans by owner— Carpenter and
brick work, plumbing, plastering and painting
for a one-story frame cottage on S line pf
Lake street. 57:6 E of Twentieth avenue, 50x100:
total, JII4S. ■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTETRN HOTEL.
J Leavltt, IslPton i S G Shea, Vallejo
A E Hansen, Isleton | H liuik. Vallejc*
J B Thomas. San Jop». a H Russell. Stockton
W Harris, Redwd City J King, Davisville
J H Donaldson, Sacto J M Blakeley, X York
S M Baxter.Marysville .' Whiteside, Duluth
J F Sweeney, Petalma Miss L lager soil, Cal
R L House & w. Cal. : J G Bode, Redwd City
P J 'ißrien, S Rafael P W Beckwlth, Alaska '
J A King, Or i a G Capron & w, Seat
E Johnson. Fresno [
PALACE HOTEL. ,
H B Wood. San Jose t Master Fraser, Spokne
X M Jackson, Alaska JJ Sweeney. Seattle
G G Kimball, R Bluff 'L H Howe. New York
Mrs E T Bute. L AnsJK C Voohies, Sutter Cr
s J Hooper, Sacto P L Schuman, Chgo
Mrs S J Hooper, Sacto C M Weed. Boston
L Scrutton, Orovllie \v k Eustis. Boston
L Darein, New York IF S Johnson, S- Rafael
H A Smith. Alabama Mrs Johnson. S Rafael
Mrs H A Smith. Ala A V Stewart Chicago i
B Thomas, New York W Martin, New York i
J F Hager, Tf-nn .1 SlcGill, New York
W N Armstrong N V ■ F .] Keesel, Ojfden
X M Doble, Visalia \W H Platt. New York
C B Cleveland. Mexico .T A Murray, Salt Lake
Mrs Cleveland. Mexico. McCulloch, Boston
M Chadbourne, L Ang* P W Eaton, (.'al
T Flint Jr. San Juan Mrs Eaton, Cal
Mrs Critts, Mare IslmJ \Y H ("nickering. Oak
W D Washburn, Chap H Spencer, New York j
E B Yerrington. Nev S M Foot*, U 3 N
R Yerrington. Xcv . F H Jackson, L Ant;
G Tabernacle, England F C Dreahfield, N T
Mrs Tabernacle, Fag EL. Wright, Ohio
J A Munro. Seattle IE H StoothofE. N T
Mrs E H Jackson. I»Ie jR A Carder, Mont
Mrs J E McDonald, Me ' Mrs Fraser, Spokane
Miss A N McD maid
GRAND HOTEL.
E B Rutherford, Or : A Vorle, Napa
Z H Martin, Anderson: A C Minn, Cal
J A Daroux Sacto \ Mrs A R Coates, Cal
J Rock, Boston j S M Kraus, St Louis
W D Elliott, S Rosa i G Naber, Fresno
C H Rippin, Sacto i E M Carr, Pinole
I) J Healy, Petaluma j G F Harris, Alturas
C 'i White, D S N . G S Crandall. Winters
M Chri.stensen, Cal ; G W Chipman, Cal
E Lewis, Manila i F W Chipman, Cal
E A iiorrison Stanfd '■ F A Kauffman, Cal
C H Boyling, U S N ,| Jas Oak & w. Butte
A W Doan. Sacto | Miss A Hault, Portld
J L Wlckeranaia. Or |P R Garnett. Willows i
!■: Wittenberg, Or ICG Raub, Marysville i
H J Carman & w. { C 11 Poole, Boston
Seattle . Q Pachico & w, Cal
H M<<;uire, Marysville T G Lawton, USSBear !
J P Matkln, Cal i R N Hawley, USSBear !
J E Barken, I' Robles Dr II W Root & w.Cal j
H A Jastro, Bakersflld' H S Fletcher, Cal
A T Currier, Los Ang , D W Pardee & w, NY
J G Dt-saderick. Cal | Miss Pardee. N York I
J E Vlney, Hanford , Miss Andrews, X V
SAD Puter, Portland' M Quinn & w, Cal
H L Howe. U S T End H Block. Boston
W Plggott, Seattle ! W J Fay, Anaheim
G G Towle &w, Towie 1 <t Johnston, w&c, Cal !
L R Prince, Boston il>r P J Mangan, Xcv j
G M Cooley & w, Cal I M O'Connell, GrassY !
F P Willis. Los a ml- j j A Black, Cal
J E Pardee, Susanville; C F. McLean & w.Mlch
J T McGurkln. N V j Mrs N T Biddle, Cal
ii R Carney, Portervlej Dr L R Leland, L A j
II F Prey, Porterville •Dr A L Tibbetts, Cal I
JII Williams, Cal . •Dr W S George. Cal j
G W Curtis & w.Bostn L Thompson, Vallejo ;
J H Fox. Livermore 1W R Stout, Vallcju
G A Dodge, Hanford | Miss M Pitts, Mare I,
A Wecerman Cal i D L Smith .- ■■ , Cal
J J Hall & d, L Ant: \ S Johnson, Portland i
II L Bennett. X York 8 T Clark, Portland
A P de Sanaa, Phila I C France, Salinas j
A !'• Crowdell, Cal f J Marchant, lone
C Bayling, D B tod ■: Berwick, Honterey !
E Hoffman. B Cruz ;G C Hyatt, Stoctkoa j
j W Davis, Tulare ! X W Klncaid. Cal
E Vorle &w. Napa j Etta Green, Cal
S H Cullen, Cal |GA Xare &. w, Cal
—^— —^^____
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Continued From Eighth Page.
ARRIVED.
Monday. November 13.
Stmr Cleone, Walvlg, 3S hours from Caspar.
Schr De-.vey, Johnson, SS hours from Albion.
•=. ,; CLEARED.
Monday, November 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr State of' California, Gage, Astoria;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Haw ship Fort George, Morse, Honolulu;
Welch tr. Co.
Haw bark Diamond Head, Ward, Honolulu;
■Williams, Dimond & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, November 13.
Sfmr San Pedro, Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort Bragg-
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hlnkle. southern coast.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, Eureka.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Sparrow, Dart, Eureka.
RETURNED.
Monday, November 13.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, hence this ' morning
for Point Reyes, returned on account of ma
chinery getting disabled.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Nov IS, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind N\V, velocity 8 miles..
DOMESTIC POUTS. *
BANDON— Arrived Nov 13— Schr Joseph and
Henry, hence Nov 4.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov ll— Schr .1 M Weather
wax, hence Nov 2.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 12— Schr Lau
ra Mailmen, schr Lettetia, schr Volant and stmr
Sunol and stmr Coquille River, for San Fran
cisco; schr La Glrontle, for San Pedro.
Arrived Nov 12 — Schr C A Thayer, from Guay
mas.
USAL— Nov 13— Stmr Rival, for San
Pedro.
OLYMPlA— Arrived Nov 13— Schr Reporter,
from Redondo.
PORT TO WNSEND— Nov 13— Schr
Emma Claudlna, from i Hllo; brig Courtney
Ford, from San Pedro.
Sailed Nov 13— Schr Maria E Smith, for .
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Nov 12— Br ship
Kelat, from Hongkong.
SOUTH BEND— Nov 13— Schr Pio
neer, hence Oct 29. .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Nov 13— Stmr
Sjuth Coast, for San Francisco. '
EUREKA— Arrived Nov Schr Occidental,
hence Nov 10; stmr Samoa., - hence Nov 12.
Sailed- Nov 13— Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cl»
ASTORIA— SaiIed Nov 13— Stmr Portland, for
Ban Francisco. '
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Nov Schr J H Bruce,
' for Tacoma.
Arrived. Nov 13— Schr Salvator,. from Port
Blakeley. "
ALBION— Nov 13— Schr Newark, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Nov 13— Schr Maria
E Smith, from San Pedro.
TACOMA— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Victoria,
from Manila.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 11— Ship Ersklne M
Phelps, for Norfolk and Manila.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Nov 12— Ship Iro
quois. from Honolulu.
NEW YORK— Sailed Nov 13— Stnjr Mesaba,
for London.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 12— Br stmr Gae
lic, hence ' Oct -1
SYDNEY— Arrived Nov 13— Br stmr Aorangi,
from Vancouver.
VALPARAISO— SaiIed Drior to Not &— Br
ship Ottersnool. for .
PORT LYNAS— Passed Nov 11— Br ship Glen
nnart. from Portland, for Liverpool.
HONGKONG— SaiIed Nov 13— Ship May Flint, j
for Tacoma.
BATXROAD TBAVEL.
MOUNT TAAIALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San Francisco via iSausaliUi Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAT, October 1, 1889.
WEEK DAY m, and 1:45 p. m.
BVNIMTF— B:OO. 10:00 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Fare S F to Burrimit and Return. $1 40.
THOS. COOK &. SOX. Agts.. 621 Market st.
S*~*%^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
'ijUkaaJrittl KEABXY NT. EsUblisUfd
§lh\ Gibbon's Dispensary,
<)25KEAB\YNT, Establisb.'d
in 1554 for the treatment of Private
KjLijKv'»fe« Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
K?BNp«S J ij£sjfl disease wearing on body and mln^ -id
fcSSvt;«SM»J skin Diseases. l'he doctor cures
others fall. Try bun. Chxrges low
<?*SiS_S_sia <"nr«>» jtnariiniecd. Callorwrlte
Or. 4, _'. tUBBOS, Box 1937. 5aa Franclsc-o
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOtTTHKRK rACnfiC COM PAST.
(PACIFIC SVSTBM.)
Trains leu** no. I me «ln« lo »rrlf« it* .
SAN FRANCISCO.
' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
leave — ' From October 29, 18?9. — arrivb
•7:OO* Benicia, Sr.isun and Sacramento.... *7:45p
•7:«>Oa Marysvi'.le, Oroville via Woodiacd.
Elmlra, Vacarille amMluaisey . .. ~ *7:-lop
•7:OOa. ShaaU Express- Davis. Widows,
Red Bhiff, Portland «7:45p
•7:3<» a Mattiuez, tian Itiutiou, Vall<jjo. S»i>a,
Calistoga and Santa Kiwi •0:l3p
•K:OOa Tho Overland' Limited— Ogden,
Uir.aha, Chicago *.>:I5»
•Nt.'iOA San Jose, Livoimore, Stockton,
lone Sacramento, Placerville,
Marjsville, Chico, Ked Jitiifl...... •*»•»»■
•S::tOA •Milton, Oakdaleaud Souora M:l.»p
•»:OOa Haywards, Nil( and V.'ay Stations. •11*48*.
•0:00 a Atlantio Kxprees— Ogden and East *S):4ja
•«»so«>a Martinez. Tracy, LatUrop. Stockton,
Mercvdaud Fresno '-.. •12:13F
•I»-<m»a Port Costa, l''resno. Mojare »nd lios
Au»ek^! »0:I5p
•IO:O»a Vaßejb, Martinez and Way Stations •7«l*»P
•I 1 :«Oa liny wards. N iles and Way Stations. *2:45p
•I 2:00m Hues, Livcrmore, Stockton, .Sacra-
mento, Mcndota, llauford, Visalia,
rortervilie M:isp
tl:«0p Sacramento BI« r Steamers t»:OO»
! »3:OOr Haywards, NUesan I Way stations.. ••'>:-45r
*4:«mu> Martinez, Kan Hamon, V;iiltji>,
- Sapa, Call toga, Hauta Rosa »«sl3*
•4:OOr Benicia, Vacav il'.e, Sacramento,
Woodland, lCui(;lit3 Landing,
MarybTilK\ OroTille »10:45 a
•4:8«p Kilos, iSanJosoaud Stockton *<:15»
•3:OOpThc Owl Limited— Fresno.
lsakerß3elil. Sa ugiia for (Santa Bar-
bara, Los Angeles •0:15*.
•3:30p Stockton, Merced, Fresno «1^:13»
•3::JOp Fresno, ISakerslieM, H:inta Riirlmra,
I,os Angcleg, !X--uiing, El PaaO,
NewOrleausi I Kcst •8:43*
•3i3Op Sai'ta Fo Jtonta — Atlantic K-xpresg - -
forMojafO «nd Kast *0:43p
•0:00 p Hay ward.-', Nflesandßan Joso ■.:43 a
f«:3OF Vallejo ■ »ia:isp
•0:30 p Oriental Mail— Ogden and East •»:r»op
17s«Op Vallcjo, Tort Costa and Way Sta-
tions J9:33P
•B:«Si> Ori-coii and California ICxiwcas.Hao-
rauieutn. Marystill*, .■ l.iir.u.
fortlnniT. I'licct Stmi.d and V.nHt «S:ISA
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (lange).
(Foot of Market Street.) _____
*B:l3ANewark.<Jenter?illo,is»ii.losf,l'elton,
• BoulderCreek,BautaOrnzßiid ay
BteUoni «8i»«f
t2il3p Newark, CentcrTllle, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Feltt*i, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and I'rinclpal Way ■■--__-
BtUloni fl0:30A
•4:I!Jp Newark, Han Jose, Los Gatos *»:.joa
611:43p Hunters' Excursion. ban Jose and
Way Stations . i*-0 *
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. ;
fr»mS4S NU'.iCiaCO— Foot of Mirktt Street (Slip 8)—
•715 9:00 11:00 a.M. 11:00 *2:03 13:00
•1:00 ' 55:03 *O:COr.M. ••
FromOUUllß— Foot of Bro8dw«y.— "6:00 8:00 10:00 a.M.
(12:00 «l:03 t3:03 *3:CO |*:C3 "S^Sp.m.
~~~ COAST DIVISION' (Broad Gauge).
(Thin! andTownaeiidSta.)
+6:IOv Ocean View, South Han Francisco.. t«:3OP
•7:OOa San Joao and Way StaUoua (-New
Almaden Wednesdays only) "IsSOP
•»iOOa San Jose, Trea Pin«w* Haiitii Cniz,
Piteiiio (.rove. Paso lloblea, ban
Luis <)iiisi»>, Surf, Lompoo aud .
. Principal Way Statldus I 4'. I ,?'
•lOt4OA SauJosaaud Way Stations IS : 2?. A
•ll::tOA San Ji.so and Wuy .Stations »3t3op
fMSrSan ilateo, Jtedwood, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San .Jusc,
Tres Finos, Sauta <:m7.. Balinas, ' .
Monterey and Pacific Grove IJOsSOa
San Jose aud Way Stations ».. *7:3«p
fl:lsp San Joseand Principal Way Stations j»-£*»*
<3:00p San Jos« and Principal Way Stations +0:OOa
*5:30r San Jose and WaySUtlous *Ji:.l->A
•«::t«r San Joso and Way Stations +»:««*
I :«">!• San Josnond Way .SLTt.iong
AforMorniii^. I' for Afternoon.
•Daily t .Sunday exempted. J Sunday only.
6 Saturday only.
CALIFORNIA NORTfIWESTEEN IT. CO.
LSSSBHI
SAI FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbaron Perry, Foot of Markot 6%
>arviv X FRAA'CISCCTO"- SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-7:SO. 9:00, U:00 a. m.- 12-35.
3. 30 8:10, B:80 D - m. Thursdays-Extra trij»
and \ il-m' m ' Baturaa 8 — tra trips at l:a»
and U:»o d. m
BUNDATS— 8:00. ' 9:30. 11:W _. m.; I^o. 8:30^
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40. 5.10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:od and 6:35 p. m.
BUNDATS— 8:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40 5:03.
8:25 d. m.
Between Sen Francisco and Echuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive *
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
I October 15, I
Week I Sun- 1599. Sun- 1 Week
Days. days. Destination days. J Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:80 pml S:SO ana Peta'.ama. 6:05 . ■•..23 ana
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:80 am Windsor, 10:23 ana
Healdsburgr,
Lytton.
Geyservllle,
ytSO pm S:ooam Cloverdale." 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:80 am! ' (Hop! ana and
8:00 amf L'kiah. 7:35 pm B:22pt»
7:30 am | ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. j 7:35 pm
»:30 pm i j 6:22 pm
7:30 ami J:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am! 8:40 am
and
8:10 pm 5:00 pm | Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm! 6:22 pm
7:30 am! 8:00 am Sebastopol. 10:40 am 14 am
3:20 pm! 5:00 pm \ 7:3;. pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and Whits Sulphur Springs; at Lyttpn
for Lytton Springs; at Geyserville forjßlcaggs
Springs; at Clr.verdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
land for Duncan rings, Highland Spriners.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springe. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bnrtlett Springs; at Ukiah lor Vichy ,
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue ikes. Laurel
I>'-!1 Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. 1 Porno,
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's,
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. Huliviile, Orr's
Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvllle, Can-
mine's. Bell's Springs, Harri3, Olsen's, Dyer,
Bcotla and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trio tickets to all point*
•|>eyond Ban Rafael at bait rates.
' Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bids, i
H. c. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
General JSanaxer Gen. Pass. Agent.
r -v
c
CALIFORNIA LIMITED
Santa Fe Route. v
The fastest train, running over the best rail-
road, with the highest class accommodations.
Connecting train- leaves San Francisco at
5:00 p. m.
MONDAY. WEDNESDAY, FRIDAY SATURDAY,
Arriving in Chicago at 2:15 p. m.
FRIDAY, SUNDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY.
OVERLAND BXPRESS
Every day In the .year. Pullman Palace and
Upholstered Tourist Cars leave for Denver,
Kansas City, Chicago and the East. Take Mar-
ket-st. Ferry at 6:30 p. m.
VALLEY '~ROAD~
Between Stockton, Fresno. Hanford, Vlsalla.
Tulare and Bakerslleld. furnishes good local
train service.
San Francisco office, 62S Market St., telephone
Main 1531.
Oakland office, 118 Broadway.
Bacramento office. 101 J street.
San Jose office. 7 West Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
Via Sous-lit* Parry. '
Commencing October 1, 1889.
FROM SAX FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— *7:CO. •8:30. 11:00 a. m. '1-45.
!»3:4e, 5:15. SCO. 8:30 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San Ra-
lael, on Mondays, Wednesdp •'» and Saturdays
at 9:00 and 11:30 p. m. '.
SUNDAYS— 'B:OO. «10:00. ■ •11:30 a. m • *i-i__
»:15, »4:45, 6:30, 9:00 p. m. . "^
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, "6:33, 7:45, •6:40 a m •
•12:30. 2:15. '3:40. «5:15 p. m. " '
EXTRA TRIPS or. Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at •-':-• ■■ and :lfi p. m.. ■
SUNDAYS— 6:2O, »S:CO. *10:00. •11:45 a. m
•1:40, ♦3:15, 4:45, *6:30 p. m. '*
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO'
WEEK PAYS 6:45. 7:55 945 a m •
12:3.-.. 2:35. 3:45, 5:20 p. m. '
EXTRA/TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:00 and 10:20 p. m • •
SUNDAYS— B:OS. 10:05 a. m.; 12:05, 2:15 3-30.
B:00, 6:45 p. m ' "^
THROUGH TRAINS.-
T:00a. m. week days— Cazadero and way station*
8:40 p. m. Saturdays— Tnmales ana —ay stations!
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Toniales and way station-.
1112
DELEGATES ASSEMBLE FOR THE FLOOD-WATER CONVENTION
Mayor Phelan to
Extend the
Welcome.
An Outline of the Re
salts It Is Hoped
Will Be Achieved.
THE first convention of the Califor
nia State Association for the Stor
age of Flood Waters will tv called
to order at 10:30 o'clock this morning
in the Maple Room of the Palace
Hotel. Not less than 400 delegates, repre
senting the commercial, agricultural,
mining and manufacturing interests of
the State, will answer the rollcall.
■ The purpose of the association, as set
"forth fully in circulars heretofore sent
'broadcast. is 'to enlist the organized co
operation of the people of the State in. the
■formulation nn.i execution of a successful
.'plan fcr impounding and distributing the
.flood waters of California— now running to
'vaste.and causing much destruction— for
line in developing the commercial, manu
facturing, agricultural and mining re
"isources of the State.
"Our merchants should fully realize the
. value of the issue of this gigantic work,"
pays K. W. Dohrinann. president of the
Merchants' Association, in a circular ls
'isued recently. "It will give impetus
to ill the industries of California that
'will prove constant and lasting. Not only
'v.-ill agriculture and mining flourisn
through this beneficent agency, but there
T.ill be developed a mighty power that
v,i\\ make Calllor.nla one of the foremost
[manufacturing centers of the Union. The
I .high cost of coal has always retarded
manufacturing in this State. Through
this new agency, now going to waste, will
be generated a force that will give to the
"future mills, factories and foundries of
California what the cheap coal of the
Eastern States has given to tiie thriving
•innusirie? of New Yoik, Pennsylvania
and Connecticut. Therefore it behooves
every mercnam and manufacturer tJ
participate in the work of the Caliiorma
jjtate Association for the Storage ot Flooa
"Waters, and co-operate in every way pos
sible to^brlr.g about thf successful con
summation i>t its labors."
That in in a nutshell the purpose ■■: this
'ccmvvr.iiou and the iirst. step in the r:giu
direction will be to form a permanent or
ganization to carry into t-rTeet the best
plans that may be offered.
' The general response of the various bod
ies -invited to sn:d delegates to the con
vention—attested by the out of town sig
natures on the hotel registers and at tne
association rooms— augurs well for --he
ueik?rai interest excited in the project.
.'.they came from all parts of the State and
they are full of the subject) even if it is
fsuch an Insipid fluid as flood water. They
will consider it in all Its phases and they
will' try to uevise ways and means to con
serve it.
First— That annual losses from overflow
ing streams may be averted.
• beccid— That farmers and orchardists
may no longer be threatened by the ter
rors of arid summers.
Third— Thai the area of irrigation may
be so enlarged that agricultural, horticul
tural and viticultural interests, attract
ing increased rural populations, may be
extended.
Fourth— increased power for man
•.-ufacturing can be gained from the
streams and be harnessed for the best
good cjf the mining industry.
The disastrous results of the drought of
IK'T-yS taught the people of this State two
wholesome truths. One that there is no
eafe'or certain assurance of an ample or
even! sufficient rainfall each year; and
the other that the flood waters that go
to waste in seasons of abundant rain and
enow must be conserved for possible sea
eor,B of drought.
To solve the gigantic problem of ade
quate irrigation in California It is eon
* ceded will involve considerable and con
tinuous expenditures of public funds.
Eastern States have their own wants and
troubles. Out of about lOO.CKxi.OOo acres of
Irrigable arid land belonging to the United
Slates, only 17,u00,0tXi acres are in Califor
nia. Until' their own necessities are satis
lied, the other States will hardly consent
.to any considerable contribution from the
.•National Government to this local under
taking. The meager appropriations made
by Congress for the urgent needs of Call
•fornia harbors and rivers .-• em to be suf
.■.ficient answer to those who claim that
'.this issue should be left wholly to the
management and control of the Federal
Government. California, however, ex
pects and welcomes any aid that may be
extended by the Federal Government in
facilitating the irrigation of the arid lands
ot the State, and on this supposition the
delegates go Into convention this morn
ing.
■ i 'resident William Thomas of the Cali
fornia Association for the Storage of
Flood Waters, pleased with the outlook
for a large convention, said last evening
■that there were glorious possibilities
for the State if action can be taken by
which, ultimately, the waste waters
could be impounded.
"In the first place," he said, "half the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Of 1533 Orange Street, Los Angeles, Cal.,
writes : " I had been afflicted with my
eyes for over a year with such a dreadful
itching and inflammation that I conM
not u.-e them for anything. Physicians
had given me many different remedies
which were like using so much water ;
they measured my eyes for glasses, which
I got and wore for some time, but they
did not benefit me in the least. My
mother desired me to write to Dr. R. V.
Pierce and explain the condition of my
eyes. I did so, and after following your
advice, and using eight bottles of the
' Favorite Prescription ' and eight of the
' Golden Medical Discovery,' can say my
trouble is entirely cured. I would advise
any one so afflicted to try these wonder-
ful medicines. My health was riever so
good as it is now, and I shall never tire
of praising Dr. Pierces medicines."
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce by letter and secure a specialist's
advice free of charge.
WRITEI9BR.R.V.PIERCE
BUFFALO, N.Y.
ALLCOHJESPONDENCE PRIVATE.
mining ditches of the State have run dry
during the past two years. If the water
of the streams from which the ditch sup
plies were taken had been stored and
used in the dry season the mines would
have produced millions of dollars more,
because not over .5 per cent of the mines
have been worked the past two sum
mers.
"The same conditions have appli<
Irrigation. FYesno a ■ an
►•cause there Is the largest ir
rigation system from one source :
■ : y. The v. 9 are pro
cured from some of the highest moun
tains in the world. The streams in tnat
county all ran dry and all the improve
ments were threatened with entire de~
struction. Of the total loss of (40,000,
--000 in 1898 one-half coul I have been saved
by the storage of the waste waters. These
facts indicate what advantages might
come to ail the Strue if the waters that
annually go to wa te were stored."
As an indication of I ;pon which
the association can go to work, a state
ment made yesterday by J. B. LJppin
cott of I. es, resident hydro
grapher for Arizona and California of the.
Tnited States Geological Survey, is
timely.
"The United States Geological Survey,"
he said, "is organized under the aus
pices of the Departmi :it of the Inte
rior. Its work cmsists of the investiga
tion f'f the physical resources of the
United States. There are. four distinct
divisions — lirst, topography; second, geol
ogy; third, hydrography; fourth, f
try. The topographic map Is considered
as the essential hasis for the other inves
tigations. In th( Si " • California per
a third of the enl i has been
Burveyed In this manner. There are now
and have been during the , t ten years
from three to six topographical iield par
ties at work in various portions of t hr-
State. The Sierras la.-., been surveyed
practically from the northern line of the
south and including the 3To»
.h! Park. The Sierra Madre range
ha? been largely mapped in Southern Cal
• ■
"The hydrographic work consists of the
study of the strc-am flow of typical rivers.
In California ffteen such streams have
been selected, beginning a.l Red Bluff and
extending to the Mexican line Upon
thr-so streams numerous measuremi 1
discharge are made and 6 rda of
river heights observed. From this data
an accurate statement can b< made or the
daily and annual output of these rivers.
This department of the survey has also
explored a portion of tl- king
for reservoir sites for th< I Hood
waters. The director of the geological
sur\'ey Is empowered by law to set aside
for public use any such reservoir sites
found. Forty-two Buch sites have been
selected and so segregated. During the
past season the Hetch Hecky reservoir
NEW COMPANY
TO HANDLE THE
FLINT VESSELS
All the Ships Will Be
Brought Here.
COLLISION AT THE SEAWALL
COLLIER MIAMI RUNS INTO THE
GEORGE LOOMIS.
The California Shipping Company was
Incorporated yesterday. It is the outcome
of th* Mijfhell syndicate that purchased
the Flint line of sailing ships, the first of
which sailed from Hongkong for Tacoma
yesterday. The pioneeer vessel of the pur
chase is the May Flint, and she will load
wheat on the Sound for Europe and will
then come to San Francisco with a gen
eral cargo.
The officers of the new company are:
W. E. Mlghell, president and manager;
Charles Bondron, vice president; William
Babcock, secretary; and the Bank of <"ali
fornla treasurer. As soon as the charters
of the ten vessels expire they will be
brought to this port and will then be op
erated and fitted out here. The quicker
the company gets its vessels on this coaat
the better It will be pleased, as every one
of them could be chartered at good figures
if they were now in port.
It has been stated on the front that all
the vessels controlled by Mr. Mlghell will
go into the new company, but this La de
nied by the man most interested. Mr
Mighell says that the management of his
outside fleet will remain Just the same as
!t has been for years, and none of the
ships will go into the syndicate.
The steam collier Miami ran Into the
tank steamer George Loomia yesterday
THE SAN FRAKCISGO CALL. TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 1899.
Representative Men Who Will Be Heard in the
Deliberations.
and (lam sites have been surveyed.
"This data Is available for computing
estimates of cost and resulting water sup
ply.
"About ten years ago this work was be
ing prosecuted with very great vigor in
rnia, but owing to decrease In ap
: iations it has had to be diminished.
During the last tour years, however, the
amount expend..! In tin's State has been
>rior Depari n< i ; has
for forest ■ reserves « hlch
have been created, ai
tlcally a continuous serve from
Lake- Taho< t.i Tehachapi Pasß, and from
Ventura along the coast line to the Mejc-
Ican border, in connection with the Ag
ricultural Department the forestry prob
lem is being energetically studied. During
the vast year the geological survey began
stlgations to classify the timi'cr,
i grazing and irrigat.le lands of the State.
• and It is the intention, i:~ practicable, to
continue their examination. This survey
will co-operate with all persons or insti
tutions that are interested in the devlop
ment of Irrigation and of the water re
] sources of this region.
, "On eight of the fifteen streams on
which observation.- an- now b"ing made
the expense of daily observaton is being
borne by the interested corporations. Dur
-1 i::g the session of the last Legislature the
• ■ :. niral Survey made a proposition to
' . with the S illfornia to
expend an Increased amount for these
investigations in this State, provided the
State would set aside an equal amount
for the surveys, the same to oe expended
by the direction of the survey. Tne bill
passed the House and Senate without a
dissenting vote, but on technicality was
vetoed by the Governor.
"In the States of New York, Pennsyl
vania. ConiScticut, Massachusetts and
New Jersey <■• '-operation has been agreed
on between State and Federal authorities
f<.r making: all surveys for topographical
maps, and the method ha? worked ad
mirably and given satisfactory results to
all concerned. '
Mr. Lippincott's views will command
considerable attention in the convention,
and to-night at Metropolitan Temple he
will give the delegau-s and the public the
fruit.s of his study of the flood water
problem. Mr. Elwood Mead will also be
heard this evening.
Mayor Phelan will deliver the address
of welcome this morning to the delegates
assembled in the maple room, following
which temporary organization will be ef
fected, with F. W. Dohrmann of the Mer
chants' Association a strong choice for
temporary chairman.
The temporary roll of the convention la
nearly complete. Many delegates will not
arrive until this morning, but the ac
. r.ces of appointment indicate who
will attend the proceedings. The purpose
was to make the representation as com
plete as possible. Delegates at largo,
- \tes from power :uid water com
. from Assembly districts under ap
pointment by County Supervisors, from
Chambers of Commerce and Boards of
Trade, from city Boards of Trustees.
State Senators and Assemblymen, dele
afternoon and considerably damaged the
latter. There is a great deal of wheat on
the Sound awaiting shipment, and the
Miami has b<-*-n temporarily withdrawn
from the coal trade to carry grain. Yes
terday she arrived from Seattle with a
load of wheat, and the tug Sea Witch
went out to assist her in docking at the
seawall. The tide was running like a mill
and as the Miami approached sec
tion 1 "f the seawall she broached to ana
went broadside on against the George
Loomls and barkentine Gleaner. The lat
ter was only slightly damaged, but the
Loomls lost her after rail and her stern
was very much damaged. She will be
compelled to lie over a trip to repair.
Whilt- the Boa Witch was trying to hold
the Miami the hawser parted and Cap
tain Pave Shaw was knocked down, but
luckily escaped with slight injuries. After
ollision the tugs Redmond and 80a
Queen wont to the assistance of the Sea
Witch and the Miami was put in a Bafe
berth.
Captain Frank Tuttle will take com
mand of the revenue cutter Pear to-day
and about Thursday the w-ssel will sail
for San Diego, where she will lie up until
April next. The cutter has not been dried
out since she came on this coast, and It
is the intention of Captain Tuttle to take
advantage of the dry air of Lower Cali
fornia and by its means rejuvenate the
old boat. The- Bear has been so long in
the water that she Is water soaked and
in consequence cannot make better than
fight knots. On her arrival in San Diego
she will he tied up at a wharf at Coro
nado and there everything except the
boilers and engines will be taken OUt of
her. Wtadsails will be rigged and the
dry air turned Into her lower hold and
the vessel thoroughly dried out. The en
tire crew will live ashore and the men
will not take up their quarters aboard
again until the vessel is ready to sail.
The drying-out process is expected to add
two knots to the speed of the Bear. April
next she will come back to San Fran
cisco and will clear from here for the
Arctic.
J. M. Wall was back "on 'change" yes
terday. He has been on a business and
pleasure trip to the East and visited
Washington, Chicago. St. Paul and New
York. While in New York he witnessed
the Jeffrlee-Sharkey fight and also saw
the last race for the America's cup. Mr.
"Wall thinks the Columbia could outsail
the Shamrock at any stage of the game
and 1b also of the opinion that the fight
for the championship should have been a
draw. "Jeffries had the hrtter of it In the
first three and last three rounds," said he
yesterday, "but in all the others Sharkey
ii: out the pace."
Thomas S. Allen, a ship carpenter, met
with a peculiar accident on the transport
Pathan yesterday. He slipped on the
gangplank, and in the fall tors all the
gates from the California Miners' Associa
tion, the original committee by which the
convention was called and representa
tives of the city and county newspapers
were asked to take part. These are the
delegates who have promised to attend:
Original preliminary committee who called
the convention: William Thomas, chairman;
T. C. Friedlander, secretary; Hon. W. H.
Heatty, J. I>. Phelan. I. W. Hellman, P. N.
Liltenthal, F. W. !>..hrm;uin. Timothy Hop-
Pi ■..;. U 'hi ' ■
Is, J
M. Gleaves, Hugl H R & hmi.lt.
W. H. Mills. Arthur BrlggS, F. J. Sj
X. P. Chipman, T. J. Parsons, A Sbarboro,
.1 M Walling. John 1/olboer. K. A. I
! Raleigh Barcar, Q. W. McNear, H. Epplngy,
' F. 1' Newberry, George F. Allardt, J. H. Nett.
•:itlves of Assembly districts a[>
pointeil Ijv Supervisors: Amaaor County, C.
H Downf 5 Barney, WiHlam .). McGee;
• a County, James Mora::. Thomas Mein
rge H. Maxwell,
George F. Trowbridge. Somers B. Fulton;
County, W. T. Kelly. C. P.
- Peter ok: Sacramento County. Man
vine Harber. W. R. Gallup, H. M. l>a Hue.
R bert T. Devlin, Marion de Vrles. H. A.
HcCraney, A B. Humphreys, James o'xmi,
William John.«ton; Marin County, .Tames= H.
wiikins, S. H. Olmstead, H J Mclsaac; Ban
Francisco, Lewis Byington, Albert Ileyer. Will
lam H. Pht-lps. A. T. Merrill; Merced County,
W. U A«he; Monterey County, A. J. Myers.
J. D Carr, T. C. Romie: Kern County, Major
F S Rice, Solomon Jhw>u, L. a. Hicks;
Los Angeles, George H. Peck Jr., K. J. Vawter.
I>r. John A Harwoofl, C. T. Edson. A. T.
furrier. C. A. Gar.iln>T. T. P. l,uk!ns. S M.
Haakell, George s. Patton, Walter S. New
hall. I. M H lit, Charles E. Richards, Henry
E. Carter. T. S. Van I>yko. W. H. Workman,
C kt Helntz; San Diego County, A. H.
Clency.
From the California. Minors' Association—
John M Wrisrht, Frank R. Wehe. W. W. Mon
tagus, H. H. Hunt.r. A. Caminetti, Andrew
G. Myers, Thomaa Mem, J. G. Hopper, Harold
T. Power, John McMurray. Dan T. Cole. James j
O'Brfrn. John Beniimpham. B. N. Shoecraft, |
c \Y Cross, A B. Paul, George Stone. A. S. j
Cooper \Y. P. K>'yes. Fred Zteitler. E. A.
Belcher, R. M. Green. Andrew Carrlgnn, Fred
BearlK, Edward Coleman, A. C. Hinkson. !
Charles G. Yaie, J. O. Batcher, Frank A. .
Leach Tirey L. Ford. Felix chappellet. John
F Davis. A. Eckman, W. F. Prisk, David i
A. M M.'limaM, A. H. Ten Broeck.
E. W. Chapman, H. K. Picket. F. J. Sollnsky, :
Jiunes Mcßrlde, Willis G. Dodd. T. J. Nichols,
W F Enslebripht Amos Stevens. Thomas J.
Harbour. K. K. Bulmore, P. George Gow, J. F.
Halloran. B. T. I>acy, E. H. Barton.
Delegates at larg'>— Albert An-nts. P. P.
Ayers, Lymnn Bridges, Morns N. Bates, Frank
Bock. P. Barbleri, J. C. Boyd, A. S. Cooper, :
j Q Carpenter, T. O. Crawford, S. C. Den
son J. E. Doollttle, W. A. Donaldson, Henry I
Epstein M J. Fontana, C A. Fuller. 1. A
Hicka H. Herman. Howard C. Holmes. Henry
E Hlphton. M. H. Hecht, J. A. Hart. Frank
Hickox Professor M. E. Jaffa, William Johns.
H E Jacks, N. B. KellogK. Charles H. Kinß,
I>r. Julius KoeihiK, Professor TI rtiiaiin Kower.
J C Kirkpntrifk. F. W. Morgan, Colonel
George H. M.n.lell. F. P. Mills. M. F. Mich
ael. C. A. Malm. Marsden Manson, Professor |
Bernarl Mo«es. E. J. Molera, Frank J. Mof
fltt, Thomafl R. Minturn. Cliarl.>s U. Merrill. |
E J. Mooper, J. W. Mr'Tymonds. J. Le Roy
Nlrkel. Pimon Newman. James O'Brien, War
ren Olney, Webb N. Pierce, Henry Pierce.
muscles attached to the upper horder of
the right kneecap completely loose from
i the hone. There was little or no pain at
tached to the accident, but when Allen at
tempted to get up he found his right leg
: useless. Standing still he is all right, but
any attempt at movement and the Icb col
lapses and down be goes. Allen, who is
66 year? old and lives at Shattuck avenue,
Berkeley, was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, where Drs. Dorr and Holmes at
! tended to him. Nothing but a very deli
cate surgical operation can give him the
i use of his leg.-and as the Harbor Hos
pital is only for emergency cases Allen
was sent home and will have the care of
his family physician. The accident is an
; exceedingly rare one, and the chances of
i the man recovering the use of his limb
i are problematical.
j■■ The Tennessee delegation visited " the
i battleship lowa yesterday.
S The warehouses at Hathaway's wharf
: are being torn down to make room for the
Santa Fe freight depot. -'■ :.' ■;■-■
The coal hulk Camanche' was towed
■ from th« Union Iron Works to Beale
street yesterday, and will begin her new
duties at once. ' The old monitor was sold
by the Government several months ago,
| and after her machinery had been taken
; out the hull was sold to the Pacific Coast
i Company and turned into a coal hulk.
■ ■'-' ' •
Dr Parker's Coutrh Cure. One dosp ■will stop
a cough. Never falls. Tr *X 25c. AH druggists.*
The Maggie C. Russ Arrives.
The schooner Maggie C. Kuss. which
loaded with lumber at Tillamook some
time ago, and which was obliged to re
turn to her loading place and discharge
after striking a liar when out to sea hut
a few hours, was sighted last evening.
She remained outside the bar for the
night and will enter the bay this morn
ing. The Maggie C. Russ was to have
been towed to San Francisco and was
nicked up near Grays Harbor. The tow
line attached to the schooner parted, how
ever, and the tug was lost sight of in a
storm, obliging the schooner to proceed
to this port under sail.
Grand display latest holiday novelties.
Leather decore. linen embroidery. Bat
tenberg. Nov. 15, 16 and 17. Emma Ma
son, 955 Valencia street. •
Mrs. McCoy Is Dead.
MODESTO. Nov. 13.— Mrs. Eva McCoy,
who was accidentally shot by her daugh
ter yesterday, died this evening.
With army officers Jesse Moore "AA" whis
key is a very popular drink.
Prank L. Rir». Arthur Rodgers. P. C. Rossi,
H. D. Stephens, B. Prentiss Smith. R. M.
Shackelfoni, Professor FTank Soule, John
Spaaldicg, J. I). Schuyler, W. J. Sanborn, J.
I • Sjiroule, C. B. Stone, George Towle, Wil
liam S. Tevls, E. H. Tucker, Robert P. Troy.
C 5. Til ton E. I'hlig, Otto yon Geldern, a.
H. Ward, H. Welnst ck, Lewis T. Wright. Al
ien D. Wilson, Thomas J. Welch, Robert Watt.
T. C. White.
Representing water companies and kindred
organizations George A Dodge, Lakeside
I >uch Company; 1. S. Foorman, M -keiunine
and Campo Seco ''anal an<] Manufacturing
my: K. P. Hammond, Mount Whitney
M-r Company; Charles A. Laton.
John McMullln ami L. A. Nares. Enterprise
Canal and Irrigation Company, Kinps River
and Fresno Canal Company and Fresno Canal
and Irrigation Company; Lewis F. Monteaglt,
Fowler Switch Canal <'ompany; J. B. O'Connor.
Evans Ditch Company; James Wlllson, Sub
terranean Water Company.
Btate Semtt.irs- Big. M • Hettman. Samuel
Hraunhart. F. W. Hurnett. John F. Davis, J.
Tl. Dickinson, R. F. Lanpford, H. V. More
house. E. K. Taylor.
Assemblymen— Al. lon Anderson. C. M. Ftel
shaw. W. P. Boone. M. Hnwikc, H. W. Brown,
G. G. Clouph. J. Fairweather. F. P. Feliz, C.
B. Jilson, Grove I- Johnson, Joseph R. Know
land. H. M. Le Har..n. C. G. Rauh.
chairmen Of Hoards of Trustees and Mayors —
J I Brick, Alnmeda; O. L. Clark. Chlco;
H..t..-r-t Corner, Colusa; Fred Eaton. Los An
jjeles; Charles G. Rogers, Monrovia; H. D.
Rciwe rind Mayor Snow. Oakland; W. H. Mar
tin. Pteasanton; M. <'hristensen, Rio Vista:
iharles Francee, Salinas; Mayor Harrison and
c E. Williams, president of the City Council.
Stockton.
Rfprpsentatlves of commercial organizations—
Fresno <Tiamber of Commerce, O. J. Wood
ward. .1. P. Eastwood, H. B. Choice; Hollister
Board of Trade, C. B. Roothe, Frank W. Klnp.
.1 M. Johnston; I-os Angeles Chamber of Com
merce. T. E. •'libhon. Homer Lausrhlln. V). W.
Klrkland; Oakland Board of Trade, Arthur R.
Wilson, E. W. Marston. Pr. N. K. Foster:
pßcramento Chamber of Commerce. Frank Mil
ler. William Kchaw. 1... T. Hatfield: San Fran
cisco Chamber Of ''ommerce, Arthur R. Brings,
Isldor Jacobs. Juilan Sonntafc, Henrj' G. New
hall: California State Board of Trade. Orrin
P. Henderson, X. W. Spauldln*. B. N. Rowley;
San Plego Chamber of Commerce, Philip
Morse. <>orxe H. Ballou, E. W. Britt: Manu
facturers' and Producers' Association, A. Sbar
boro. James W. Kerr, Edward Everett: San
Francisco Merchants' Association, Frank J.
Symmep. Marshall Hale. Charles Bundschu;
Pan Francisco Produce Exchange. O. W. Mc-
Near. Juda Xewmnn, A. B Costlgan, E. W.
Ferjruson: Shipowners' Association of the Pa
cific Coast, Georxe E. Plumrnrr. Charles E.
Naylor, A. M. Simpson; Merchants' Exchange
Association. Hermann Eppinger, Henry Sin
sheimer; Snn Leandro Board of Trade, Amzi
X Gary, James Camp. J. N*. Frank; Santa
Clara Board of Trade. Professor E. E. Smith.
1,. F. Graham, E. Peutsch: Vlsalla Board of
Trade, E. ' '. Farnsworth. A. O. Wlshon. Robert
McF. r>. .bin: Stockton Merchants' and Manu
facturers' Association, George E. C&tts, P. A
Buell. W. W. Midillecoff: Santa Clara County
Farmers' Club. A. B. Fletcher, H. A. Brain
erd. Edward M F.hrhom; Colusa Board of
Trade. T. Harrington.
FATHER YORKE
WELCOMED BY
HIS ADMIRERS
Given a Tremendous
Ovation.
The Catholic Truth Society tendered a
ion last evening to Rev. Peter C.
Yorke in honor of his return from his trip
and triumphs abroad. Metropolitan Hall
was selected as the place for extending
the welcome, but it proved to be far too
small to hold the crowd that was eager to
do honor to the eloquent priest As early
as 6 o'clock in the evening the crowd be
gan to gather, and within an hour and a
half the police were forced to close the
outer doors of the hall, which by that i
time was tilled far beyond a comfortable
limit. Hundreds who failed to get in
stood around the Fifth-street and Jes
sie-street entrances fightine for an oppor
tunity to pass the vigilance of the outer
guards.
Father Torke's reception was a tre
mendous ovation. No man in public life
in this city could have been more heartily
and enthusiastically received. His ari
pearance was tho signal for a burst of aS
plause that lasted for several minutes
The 1 audience arose to its feet and
cheered, and as the echoes died away the
applause was renewed time and time
again, until it finally ceased through the
pure exhaustion of the crowd
Frank J. Kierce, vice president of the
Catholic Truth Society, presided over the
meeting. Mr. Kierce said that it was
pleasing to the society to have an au
dience of such magnitude to assist in
welcoming home "one of the most loyal
advocates of and earnest workers for
religious freedom and Catholicism." Dur
ii.tr Mr Kierce's. remarks Father McKin
non appeared and he was given a warm
greeting.
The duty of extending the welcome to
Father Yorke devolved upon E. P
Murphy. He gave expression to all of the
feeling of joy and sincerity that pervaded
the audience. His remarks struck a re
Hales.
Santa clans has written a book— it's free l^ ve Zs°L% d frtm
San Francisco, write for it, if you don't live in the city, to Hale's, publishers for
Santa Claus.
Market Street. JF^&r~ mother likes.
Sill/ QJfirtQ snrl ioqlq
Ml dills to uSIU Wtilolo
the result of careful buying and discrimin-
ating selection — your discrimination asked
now! we think every one is what it ought
to be in style, work and finish.
veilings
veilings of value; we put veilings
well to the front of the store, because
they are good goods; every yard sola
is an advertisement for us.
black and colored Tuxedo, Russian
net, fine, medium and heavy mesh;
plain chenille and heavy dot effects..
25c, 35c and 50c yard
Tuxedo dot veiling; newest effects
in gray and black and black and
white 25c, 50c and 65c
black pattern- veils of silk chiffon
and Tuxedo mesh, with chenille dot
borders 35c. 50c and 75c each
fine black silk Brussels net, chenille
d«.t. with tosca borders 85c
ribbons
these price? are ordinary; but you
haven't seen the ribbon; it's a quality
that belies the price.
4600 yards plain and moire taffeta
ribbon-
No. 5. 1 inch wide yard 7%C
No. 7, li inches wide yard 10c
No. 9, li* inches wide yard 12M>c
sponsive chord. "When he spoke in words |
of praise of the honored guest the multi
tude that listened attentively signaled
their approval by many a round of hearty j
cheering.   _.
••I consider it a proud honor, said Mr.
Murphy, "to be granted the privilege of
endeavoring to express the loving wel
come you all feel In your hearts for him ■
who has come back to us. Human words
can but feebly express the great, deep,
unbounded love we all feel for our own
Father Yorke." (Great applause.) "I bay
our Father Yorke, for it was here that he
won his glorious victory f°r God, his j
church and his people. Who among us is
not better, firmer and nobler from the
fact that Father Yorke has lived and la
in. r.-l among us? His treatment while
abroad, especially at the Vatican, was
public recognition of deeds well done and >
duty well performed. And now that his
journey for health and rest is over, we
welcome him home, not only as d Catholic
and a priest hut as a patriotic American i
citiz.n. Father Yorke. loyal citizen, firm
and true friend, sifted priest, all hail!
Thrice welcome home!" . i
When Father Yorke arose to respond
the enthusiasm broke forth with all of its |
force. The priest stood and waited for ;
tbe 'heering to cease. He smiled at the
warmth of the welcome, and as nis face
lighted up the cheering was renewed. Fin
ally during a lull his voice rose above the :
din: "I have waited a year to talk to you
again. I guess I can wait for a few mm- ,
utes longer." The cheers rang out again
with more vim than ever, and i*. seemed ,
that the audience would never get i
through. When it did Father Yorke pro- !
ceeded with an address that thrilled j
every one who heard his words.
"Isn't it a good thing to be home? Need
I tell you that I am glad? In all of my
travels I found no land better than that '■
over which floats the stars and stripes;
no State better than this, and no people
more generous or loyal than those of our
own city. I would like to tell you all that
I think, but I see that you have- not
brought your blankets." He spoke at \
length of "Rome, Pope I.co and all that he i
represents. He said that Leo was the i
greatest Pope of the nineteenth century, <
as he hoped he would be in the twentieth.
"He is the first Pope of modern times
who has taken all of us into his conn
dence. He recognizes that the days of
monarchies are gone; that the people are
the church, and what the people want the
church to be the church must certainly
become."
The separation of church and state were
treated upon, and politicians who attempt i
fo use the church to further their own
enda were given a scorching. At the con
clusion of the address the audience rushed
upon the platform and crowded about
Father Yorke, almost fighting for a
chance to grasp his hand.
FLED TO HER
PARENTS AFTER
HER MARRIAGE
Mrs. Reddan Hates
Her Husband.
Despite the fact that August C. Red
dan and Grace M. Lynch were united in
marriage by the Rev. John Hemphill of
Calvary Presbyterian Church, the bride
refuses to live with her young husband
and accuses him of being a hypnotist,
iiKly and a racetrack tout. Mrs. Reddan
has fled to her parents for protection and
Papa Lynch and other members of the
now famous family are guarding the fair
maid from the machinations of an al
leged unscrupulous husband, whose bane
ful glances have hypnotized her into an
oppressive alliance.
The story of the romantic courtship is
not unlike others of the kind. Reddan,
who is employed by the California Jockey
Club and resides with his parents at oil
Jones street, met the young lady two
years ago' and has kept company with !
her during that period. She was not loth '
to accept his invitation to go out with
him and was frequently in his company. ;
Young Reddan broached marriage to her
and she accepted him. On Wednesday
evening last they were united at the home j
of the groom's parents by Dr. Hemphill
and early the following morning the bride,
realising the step she had taken, fled to
her parents for forgiveness. The latter
listened to their daughter's tearful story,
wiped the pearly drops from her large
black eyes and forgave her for what she
had done. Fearing that her husband
would demand his own and even use force
to secure her, the parents sent her to a
relative who resides in the Mission, and
she is now there safe from he"r better
half.
Mrs. Reddan (nee Lynch), who is the
daughter of Daniel Lynch, a Chinatown
guide, and a sister of Irene Lynch, the
young girl who created such a sensation
a year ago by running away from home
and who was afterward found in a lodg
ing-house with a woman of low charac
ter, resides at 22 Octavia street. She
claims that she does not care for Reddan;
that she never received a present from
him in her life, and that he was a race
track tout and wielded an influence over
her that compelled her to submit t<-> his
will. She cites her marriage to him as an
instance of the latter charge and asserts
that he used hypnotism in getting her to
atrpp to a marriage. She also says that
Re. Man could not support a wife, and
wanted her to support him off her earn
ings as a musician, she being an accom
plished violinist. Mrs. Reddan says she
would die before she would gaze on his
ugly face again, and expects to be shortly
released from her unsatisfactory mar-
Young Mr. Reddan has not the appear
ance of being capable of using such means
to secure his wife's heart and hand. He
is but 2* years old and has a good face.
He helps to support his father and mother
out of the salary he receives at the race
track, and resides with them on Jones
street. He regrets that his wife has been
so ill advised as to make such foolish as
sertions against himself, but declines to
cast any aspersions on her or defend him
self from the charges at this time, as he
Intends waitine until the suit for divorce
Hales.
putting worth into waists means
Hale's quality for Hale's price,
it means absolute value, these
silk waists are of best taffeta,
with corded fronts and backs,
lined all through ; fitted waist
linings; dress sleeves and flare
cuffs $5
heavier quality, more elab-
orately made, more expensive
trimming, at $6, $7. 50, $9
silk skirts of satisfaction, made
with due regard to what silk
should, be; every one of best
quality taffeta, finely corded in
all the new fall colors, deep full
flounce, correct hang, stylishly
tailored £5
same high standard in heavier
quality silk at $6, $7. 50 and $10
comes to trial. Mr. Reddan was charged
with being in the lodging-house on Sixth
street where Irene Lynch was found, but
he denies this charge and swears he was
nowhere near the place nor did he know
the whereabouts of the girl.
As the matter now stands, the young
couple are separated, and if the desires
of the bride's parents are followed out
Mrs. Reddan will never rejoin her hus
band.
i :
| ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE ! J
ARE YOU INTERESTED IN OIL 1
READ THIS: 1
OUR RECORD! 1
First— We selected the heart of the M
oil district. H
Second— We sunk test wells and struck N
oil. a
Third— have contracted for three H
large 11-inch wells within two weeks H
from date of incorporation. O
Fourth— officer of this • company M
can draw pay or salary till dividends |
are declared. - 4
Fifth— officer, director or incor- 1
tx>rator can sell a share of stock till I
we have oil In paying quantities. W
Sixth— We Invite the publicfto inspect 1
our books and bank account x>efore in- ||
vesting, that they may satisfy them- M
selves that every dollar Is used for de- H
velopment purposes. 13
Seventh— ln Mr. M. M. Ogden's report »
on the district made for the M
CALIFORNIA OIL EXCHANOE, B
He designates the locality where we B
have 640 acres as being- the MOTHER M
SOURCE and possessing the MOST M
PERFECT CONDITIONS FOR OIL HE M
EVER SAW. H
Eighth— Don't forget that we will sell fej
at 35c per share for a. short time only i
then $1. ' FJ
Ninth— Bear in mind that 50 or 100 I
shares will place you on the sunny side H
of Easy street within 60 days. ||
PETROLEUM CENTER OIL CO., 1
29 MILLS BUILDING, THIRD FLOOR. |1
FREE |« g
Treatment and Medicine g
FOR i§ >\2
Catarrh, Deafness, a gag
NOISES in EARS, THROAT o ~ S/Jr
and LUNG DISEASES given PC g| J V
free to show the superior vSSLT^fc
merit of my New Inventions sSB/'^ ■
and Antiseptic Treatment §§Sy <&^4 •'
that gives marvelous cures 'A^KT'
and so easy a child can Sgjf fel^^a
use It. In 2000 test cases gfV^ tfsilil •
over S5 per cent cured. Best S i
of references and hundreds S iS^BJ^'
of indorsements. But the best gjjL JBSSiS>S>J
Is to try It and be convinced ByfeaßßM^?^!
while yon can. "
FREE for one week. Call at once or write
for literature.
DR. COTTINGHAM,
632 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
Hours— 9-12 a. m.; 1-3 and 7-8 p. m.
NO SL'NDAT HOURS.
..... ............... .....^.., m .. m ..j
! Save 25 Per Cent j
| By Getting Your Clothes Made at]
I JOE POHEIM'S. j
: The best don't always cost the most — we !
■ make the best and charge less than other
; tailors.
! Stylish, serviceable suits are the kind we
• make— and that is the kind the people want, j
: especially when they don't cost too much. !
■ You don't have to pay us a fancy price— j
: only an honest price. !
! Perfect fit and workmanship guaranteed. !
■ Money refunded if dissatisfied. :
5 1110-1112 Market 1011 Washington
: street st -> Oakland.
1201-208 Montgomery 143 South Spring
5 st San Francisco. St.. Los Angeles.
Come Just to See.
Lovely Premiums Given Free.
Great American ImportiDE Tea Go.
Stores Everywhere.
xoo Stores. "
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE,
FOR THE CURB OF GONORRHOEA,
Gleets, Strictures and analogous com-
pln!:ita of the Organs of Generation.
Price $1 a bottle. For sale by druggists.
Wriiifs Man Vegetable Pills
ARE ACKNOWLEDGED UV THOUSANDS
of persons who have used them for forty
y ? arB^i 0 cure SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS
CONSTIPATION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stoavl
ach. Pimples and pur:./ the blood.