VOLUME LXXXVI-NO. 5.
FILIPINOS ROUTED
IN HILL BATTLES
RETREAT OF FILIPINO PRIESTS AT MALABON
Iquarters ■■!" the insurgents, but was destroyed by the Monadnock March 4. The
irown by the monitor is plainly indicated by the appearance of the roof or" the building.
M Wll \. June 4.— With a|
part of the Fourth Cavalry, the
t Oregon and Wyoming Volun
teers, the Ninth Infantry and the :
guns of the First and Sixth Artii
lery, General Hall left the pump
... ] . !
ing station at 5 o clock yesterday j
morning to light his way over the !
hill to Antipolo. General Law- j
ton's plan was (o have General j
H^ll drive the native troops from
Antipolo toward Laguna de Bai,
and finally attack their front at
Taytay. Thus the strong force oil
insurgents there might have' been
crushvd. It was a magnificent
1 1 r • 1 1 - i"
plan, but failed of complete elic
cess because it took seven hours
for Hall's troops to cover the dis
tance, expected to have been
made in two. and gave the insur
gents time to get out.
The failure of Hall to get
through to Antipolo was due to
[ a fight in the hills four miles out
of that town. The Oregon reH
ment and a detachment of the i
Fourth Cavalry suffered some- i
- ■.■ ■-'-■ ■■■.■'.
what in the encounter. The insur
gents fired upon the attacking
column from strong trenches I
high up on the mountain side,
lit" ii
and although driven from these !
kept up a running fight for sevr
eral hours. .
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon
the column under Colonel Whol
ley of the First Washington start
ed from Pasig for Taytay. From
the heights above the pumping
station . General Lawton could
see and direct both columns over
the San Mateo Valley. Just as
Hall's command disappeared
over the ■ hills in the distance;
Wholley's column came in sight,
moving with great rapidity. Al
most before one realized it the '
column had swept with its skir- '
. lishing line clear' across four]
miles of the valley toward Tay
tay. Both the insurgents and res
idents fled panic stricken into the I
hills before the impetuous rush of !
the American soldiers. Two men
of the Twelfth Infantry were
killed before the town. The place
was later shelled for half an hour.
MOVEMENT TO HEM IN A
LARGE FORCE OF ENEMY
NEW YORK, June 4. — A Washington Bpecial to the Herald says: In
dispatching Genera] Lawton to capture Morong, Major General Otis is
understood to have proposed to destroy <>r drive back the strong force
of Insurgents which have been operating from that section against the
Pasitr River line There is no expectation here that Lawton's column will
go far from the river or lakes, upon which supplies will be carried to
him.
The authorities appreciate the extreme difficulties of the campaign
during the rainy season, and ;ii! that they expect is that the American
forces will make short incursions Into the enemy's country and break up
any Large orgsmlsaiions which may establish themselves in the vicinity
of Manila, especially near Laguna <le BaL It is apparent from the line
which tiawton is following and the dispatch of the Washington troops
t<> .Morong, that it is hoped to g«-t the Insurgents between that point, Tay
mdAntipolo and the lake hemmed in so that they can be destroyed or
captured.
The San Francisco Call.
General Lawton in person di- '.
rected the right column this
morning in an attack upon Tay-
I tay. Xo resistance was encoun
tered, the enemy retreating after 1
I burning the church and part oJ
j the town. The streets were found
i barricaded, but there were evi
| deuces everywhere of the hasty
! flight of the people. . .
1 [all connected with the right
column in Taytay at 10 o'clock
in the morning. His total loss
! during" the march was five men !
killed and nine wounded.
Lawton spent last night in
getting the Washington Volun
teers on board of case* to
move on Morong, but the boats
stuck in the mud and failed to
move, but finally reached Mo
rong at daylight. It is thought
that the garrison of Taytay and
Cainto have retreated to Morong
peninsula, where it is hoped to
catch them before Hall's and
Wholley's columns.
•From Antipolo. to Taytay the
roads are impassable for wagons.
Lawton burned wagons and artil
lery ammunition rather than let
them fall into the hands of the
enemy.
The. Signal Corps is laboring
under enormous difficulties, j
Wires are being cut to pieces and
Chinese wire-bearers killed.
WILL SWEEP
THE PENINSULA
OF MORONG
MANILA, Juhp 4. 8 p. m.— The
position of the American troops
to-night indicates that they will
to-morrow Bweep tho peninsula
of Mcrong, the land projecting
to the south Into Laguna de I'-ai. where
the Insurgents an- supposed to have a
large force, near the town of Morons.
as well as the battery on the western
Bhore of tho peninsula of the gunboat
Napldan.
General Hall i« marching from Anti
]i..-!o, about six and a half miles north
■if Morong toward th«> peninsula,
with his forces spread out to cover a
large section. Colonel Truman, with
the First North Dakota Regiment and
the Twelfth infantry, Is advancing
al#ng the <'oast of the lake from Tay
tay. Incidentally clearing several small
towns. Colonel Wholley, with the First
Washington Regiment, has landed on
the peninsula above the town of Mor
ong. The army gunboats NTapidan,
SAN FRANCISCO. MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1899.
Covadonga and Coste are in a position
to co-operate.
The original plan was to surround the
forces of General li,, del Pilar so that
he must retreat to the Morong penin
sula, where rapture would have been
inevitable. This was not a complete
success, because General Hull's column
found the country full of handicaps to
marching. There were several streams
to be bridged or forded and troops fre
tly foundered through morasses,
waist deep in mud, an experience which,
under the terrific sun, exhausted the
ricans quite beyond endurance.
Most of General I'io del I'Uar's follow
ers are supposed to have escaped north
ward, probably reaching Bosoboso, a
stronghold la the mountains.
Colonel Wh.Mi-r has completed his
: ... ; ;.: ■■ :--:ht the
Washington Regiment to the River
Pasig, where last night about midnight
the men embarked upon cascoes find
started for their destination under con
vex of the gunboats.
They encountered a repetition of the
experience undergone by almost every
expedition in attempting to enter La
guna ('!'■ Bai, as the boats went aground
in the shallows at the mouth of the
river and were detained there several
hours.
Major General I,awton in the mean
time was indefatigable, riding from one
force to the other, and supervising the
loading of the cascoes, without sleep for
two nights.
General HalTs column, which assem
bled at the water works, or pumping
station, late Friday night, under cover
of a moonless sky, consists of the Sec
ond Oregon Volunteers, who marched
to the point of rendezvous from the city
barracks, a battalion >>f the Second
Wyoming Kigirnent, four troops of the
Fourth Cavalry — one mounted on the
big American horses which so im
pr< ssed the natives, the others un
mounted — two battalions of the Fourth
Infantry, one battalion of the Ninth
Infantry and six companies of the First
Colorado Regiment, and two mountain
guns. The men rolled themselves in
their blankets and lay upon the wet
grass for a few hours under a drizzzling
rain.
At 4 o'clock yesterday morning they
began to cross the San Mateo River
and about noon easily repulsed a large
band of Filipinos about twelve miles
east of Manila, between Mariquina and
Antipolo.
The Oregon Regiment, the cavalry,
the artillery and the Fourth Infantry
accomplished this task, driving the In
surgents from the hills, the crther
troops being held in reserve, but after
ward joining the main column in the
pursuit toward the sea.
A running tight was in progress all
the afternoon. A Filipino outpost first
attacked a few American scouts, where
upon the Fourth Cavalry formed a long
skirmish line and easily drove the in
surgents from the hills. Then the Ore
gon Regiment moved across a wet,
soggy rice field in extended order
toward the hills, where it was believed
a large force of the enemy had concen
trated. When the Oregonians were
within about a mile of the potation the
Filipinos opened a heavy fire, thf Amer
icans replying and pressing forward
more rapidly.
After a few volleys the insurgents
were seen scattering over the crest of
the hills in every direction, and their
panic was increased when the artillery
opened upon them and the shells began
to explode all around them, undoubted
ly causing great loss of life. The bom
bardment by the batteries and the mus
ketry was maintained for nearly half
an hour, after which not a Filipino
( ould b«' seen on the hills and not a shot
[came from the position.
The heat was intense and the troops
suffered greatly, but they continued on
the trail taken by the fleeing enemy in
the hope of driving them toward the
lake.
Colonel Wholley, with two battalions
of the First Washington, a battalion
of the Twelfth Infantry, two guns of
Scott's battery and a party of scouts
under Major Jeiselberger, left San Pe
dro Macati yesterday morning, and aft
er fording the River Pasig, advanced
northeast upon Cainta, while General
Continued on Second Page.
ORDERED
TO BRING
DREYFUS
French Cruiser Sfax Will
Return With the Prisoner
of Eevils Island.
RESTORED TO RINK
The Persecuted Capiain to Occupy
an Officer's Cabin and Enjoy
Other Privileges.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, June 4.— The Cabinet Coun
cil this morning decided that the
French second-class cruiser Sfax,
now at Fort de France, Marti
nique, should proceed immediately
ami bring Dreyfus from the Isle of
Devils to France. The cruiser is ex
pected to arrive at Brest about June 26,
whin Dreyfus will be handed to the
military authorities and lodged in the
military prison at Rennes.
His conviction having been annulled
by the united chambers of the Court of
Cassation, his military rank and title
are restored to him. He will occupy an
officer's cabin on board the Sfax and
will be allowed on deck from 1 to 4
o'clock every afternoon.
The papers point out that the Court
of Cassation voted unanimously for re
vision, and only debated the process
whereby it should be carried out.
The decree of th.- court was communi
cated to Madame Dreyfus at the house
of M. Hadamard, her father. She im
mediately sent the following dispatch to
her husband:
"The Court of Cassation proclaims re
vision, with a new trial by court-mar
tial. Our hearts and thoughts are with
you. Let us share your immense happi
ness. Tenderest kiss from all."
The Figaro says that throughout the
day congratulatory telegrams have
been flowing in upon Madame Dreyfus,
M. Mathieu Dreyfus and Maitre de Mor
nard, their counsel.
Lieutenant Colonel Picquart. on being
informed Of the court's decision said,
"There is nothing better to be hoped
for."
All the revisionist papers atvlairn the
decision as the triumph of truth, jus-
I tice and law and expresses the hope
that all France and all right-minded
men will bow before the decree. They j
are appealing for reconciliation and j
calmness.
The anti-revisionist papers consider
the duty of all to submit, in order to .
j restore peace to the country. A few of
them affect to "wait with confidence the
verdict of th»' new court-martial," im
plying that this will be another con
demnation.
The Rappel publishes a letter from
I M. Herve de Kerohant. asking it to
i open a subscription in order to offer a
! testimonial of sympathy to Madame
Dreyfus, who has suffered and strug
gled, never despairing of justice.
PARAMARIBO, June 4.— The steam
er Ville de Tanger, which passed here
on May 27 on her way to Cayenne with
seventeen Civil Guards to escort Drey
fus back to France, returned here to
day, bound for Martinique. All efforts
of especial means adopted to determine
whether Dreyfus was on board proved
futile. It is reported from Cayenne that
I special army transports have been dis
patched. The escort for Dreyfus re
mained at Cayenne. The report of the
Court of Cassation was still unknown at
Cayenne, and intense excitement pre
vailed there.
GRAY WAS PLACED
ABOVE THE BLUE
COLUMBUS, Ohio. June 4.— The Grand
Army posts of Columbus, Ohio, re
ceived considerable notoriety last week
on account of having- refused to re
ceive a floral tribute from ex-Con
federates of the South to place on
Union praves. The floral committee
which, rejected the emblem has prepared
a statement explaining the matter. The
report says:
The committee feels that It Is due the mem
bers of the Grand Army of Columbus that they
give their reaßons for rejecting the emblem.
The person in whose mind the design nf that
emblem originated has, by his statements.
placed the committee in a false attitude so far
us rejecting the emblem is concerned.
The chairman of the committee. In accepting
the wreath, did not know what entered Into
the formation of the emblem. When it was
learned that the design contained the emblem
of the American Bag, supported by an arm
Clothed In the Confederate gray above an arm
clothed In blue beneath, many members of the
Grand Army <>f the Republic entered their
protest! against the placing of the emblem
upon the mound, in language that could not be
misunderstood.
In regard to the objectionable features of the
rmtilein. the gray arm being placed not only
above the blue, but on the emblem at all, was
the only objection to accepting the emblem.
WOMAN BANDIT
RESISTS ARREST
PHOENIX. Ariz., June 4.— The
robbers, who held up the Globe
and Florence stage last Tues
day, were captured by Sheriff
Truman of Pino County, near
Benson, yesterday afternoon.
One of them, a woman named
Pearl Hart, made a strong fight.
Both were asleep with their
guns beside them. All the
money — about $350— the revolv
ers and a gold watch, taken
from passengers of the stage,
were recovered. The woman
was the keeper of a resort here
for several years. She has been
living at Globe. Her companion
is a stranger.
PRESIDENT LOUBET
PUBLICLY ASSAILED
THREE OF THE CHIEF ENEMIES OF DREYFUS
As chiefs of the general staff of the French army they are accused of prostituting honor and duty as men
and soldiers, even to perjuring themselves on the witness stand to perpetuate Dreyfus' disgrace and imprison
ment, and punish the advocates of his Innocence.
These officers, with General Mereier, Minister of War, and M. Dupuy, Prime Minister in 1594, when Drey
fus was first accused and convicted, are now, by general demand, about to be placed on trial themselves, for the
crimes instigated and committed by them in the several farces called trials that have grown out of the case
besides being liable for damages.
PARIS, June 4,— President Loubet,
accompanied by the Premier, M.
Dupuy, and the chief of the mili
tary household, General Bal
loud, drove tn the Auteuil races
this afternoon, closely followed by
Mme. Loubet in a second landau. As
they drove along the Avenue dcs
Champs Elysee the crowd bowed re
spectfully; but on arriving at Auteuil,
they were met by a violent demonstra
tion, evidently organized and directed
against the President.
There was a storm of hoots, yells and
cries of "Panama," "A Has Loubet,"
And "Vive l'Armee." A few shouts of
■Vive Louhet," were drowned in the
clamor.
A strong force of police kept order
and arrested many of the disturbers,
including a man who tried to force his
way to the President's carria&e.
During the second race, the clamor
increased to violence and was plainly
directed by a committee of the League
of Patriots, collected with their sup
porters, both before and behind the
Presidential stand, around which a
formidable affray proceeded.
During the grand steeplechase many
blows were struck and several police
were injured in their endeavors to pre
vent an invasion of the Presidential
stand.
At the crisis of the excitement, while
shouts of "Vive l'Armee" and "Vive
Derpulede," were heard on all sirtes, |
Count Christiani rushed toward the
President, brandishing a stick and di
rected a blow against him, striking his
hat. The crowd rushed upon Christiani.
who only escaped severe handling by
being taken under police protection.
President Loubet remained all the
while quite unmoved, talking to the
Premier, while the officers of his mili
tary household were defending him
against violence.
Finally, after thirty arrests had been
made, the prefect of police ordered the
Republican Guards to surround the
Presidential stand. The principal lead
ers of the demonstration were M. Jos
eph Lasies, anti-Semite and Nationalist
deputy for Gers. and M. Fennin Faure,
anti-Semite and Nationalist deputy for
Oran, Algeria.
Police Inspector Grilliere had his head
seriously wounded in the melee, and
President Loubet has since decorated
him with the cross of the Legion of
Honor in recognition of his devotion to
duty.
On returning to the Elysee Palace, M.
Loubet received many sympathizing
callers.
It seems certain that the demonstra
tion was organized by the Jeunesse
Royaliste, the Ligue dcs Patriotes and
the anti-Semites, the rallying signal
being a carnation in the buttonhole.
Count Christiani is a member of the
steeplechase society, a very select body,
and his conduct has produced the
greatest indignation.
A special meeting of the Council was
! summoned at 9 o'clock tms evening to
consider the situation and important
measures were concerted, to be submit
ted to the President at another council
to-morrow, for the preservation of or
der. The Ministers, who were in ses
sion until 11 o'clock, maintain strict re
serve as to the nature of the measures,
but a semi-official note has been issued,
which says:
"The Government will act with the
greatest energy and will impose respect
for the President and for the State."
It is reported that a number of fresh
arrests will be made to-morrow morn
ing.
The events of the day will tend to an
important discussion in the Chamber of I
Deputies, where the Government will
demand a vote of confidence. There is I
some fear of a renewal of the disturb
ance, although the police precautions
are of the most thorough character. At
a late hour this evening more or less
excitement is still observable on the
boulevards.
Further accounts show that the whole
race course, particularly the enclosure,
witnessed scenes of the wildest excite
ment.
Comtosse Boni de Castellane, who
was Miss Anna Gould of New York
City, placed herself at the head of the
Jeunesse Royaliste and marched up and
down the lawn shouting, "Vive
l'Armep."
Comte Ronl de Castellane and his |
brother, Jean, were arrested, but soon
liberated.
Comte de Dion, when arrested, resist
ed and fought with his cane, smashing !
it on a policeman's head and causing
the jeweled top to fly off, striking a j
journalist. He was detained in custody.
Altogether ' about 130 arrests vere
made, one being that of M. Dalsette,
Deputy Mayor of Armentieres.
Demonstrations and counter-demon
strations continued until M. Loubet left i
the race course, at 4:20 p. m., the ar
rival of his carriage being the signal
for an indescribable tumult. The I
mounted guards with difficulty opened j
a passage through the crowd, the Presi- !
dent being pursued to the last with
hoots and yells. Even eggs were !
thrown.
It was noteworthy, however, that the
people generally cheered him loudly, j
the cheers increasing as he drove |
RIOTERS HOPED THAT
LOUBET WOULD BE SLAIN
Copyrighted, 1599, by the Associated Press.
PARIS. June 4. — It was a premeditated riot that took place to-day
on the weighing ground of the Auteuil race course. The object of the
rioters was to insult President Loubet, and, perhaps, in the heat of fac
tion and fight, to get rid of him. The state tribune' was invaded by a
number of swells. One of them, Baron Christiani, raised his cane to strike
the President with all his might. The blow was averted by General Bal
loud, and the cane, descending on M. Loubet's hat, crushed it down, forc
ing it over his face like a candle extinguisher.
Madame Balloud fainted. Christiani was beaten black and blue by
the gentlemen around the President and was carried away by six police
men, he kicking and plunging and the blood spurting from his nose.
One hundred and thirty arrests were made in the weighing grounds.
Most of those taken up were society gentlemen.
M. Loubet had been forewarned of a plot to insult and assail him
and instead of driving to the races with his wife, he drove with the
Premier, M. Dupuy and General Balloud, Mmc Loubet following him with
two ladies in another carriage.
The news that Major Marchand had been sent from Paris, annoyed
the crowds, but the common people were decently behaved all the way
to the race course: and it was only when the Presidential carriage en
tered the weighing ground that the row began.
Comte de Dion gave the signal in front of the Presidential tribune.
He was promptly arrested, but his arrest served as an excuse to his
friends to cry. "Down with Panama," "Resign," "Down with traitors,
Jews and Dreyfusites."
The windows on the ground floor of the Presidential tribune were
broken and several ladies in the President's party upstairs fainted.
After the first race, M. Loubet, pale and greatly cut up, but firm, re
tired. A large body of police and members of the Republican Guard had
work in protecting him, and the President finally took his carriage out
of the enclosure by an uncrowded by-way.
Riotous fellows, posted in groups along the way to the Elysee, kept
on insulting the President.
Madame Loubet remained to the end of the races. She burst into
tears on learning by telephone that her husband was safe back in the
palace.
A stormy sitting is expected to-morrow in the Chamber of Deputies.
EMILY CRAWFORD.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
' toward the Elysee, which he reached
safely at 4:45 p. m. During the demon
strations a number of hats labeled
"Resignation" were picked up.
<7omte Christiani was thrown down,
trampled upon and severely bruised in
the melee. He is a grandson of a gen
| eral who was well known during the
Empire. It seems it was intended to
give the Marchand mission a big ova
tion. The Government got wind of the
affair and kept Marchand out of the
way. although Captain Barratiere and
the other members of the expedition
! were there. The Derouledists, balked of
their opportunity, evidently vented
their spite upon the President.
The race course committee apologized
to M. Loubet, who replied that he could
not think of holding them responsible.
He remarked to an important person
age that he did not intend being intimi
dated into resignation.
During the demonstrations. M.
; Rochefort, editor of l'lntransigeant,
j was seen and an attempt was made to
induce him to lead the manifestation,
but he discreetly slipped away.
Most of the persons arrested repre
sent some of the best families in
France. Comte Christiani is held on a
i charge of attempting to strike the Pres
ident. Comte d'Aubigny d'Assay is
charged with wounding Police Inspec
tor Grilliere, and another policeman.
Among those now in custody are: MM.
de Clermont Honnerre, De Remuzat, De
i Beaumont. De Villiers, De Neuville, De
I Panisse Passy, De Ferry and De Mun,
son of Count de Mun. Several others
scarcely less prominent were arrested.
At a late hour this evening many in
fluential persons sought to obtain the2
PALL-BEARER FALLS
DEAD AT A FUNERAL
SAN" JOSE, June 3.— Supervisor
Samuel F. Aver dropped dead this
afternoon at 3 o'clock, while act
ing as pall-bearer .it the funeral
of A. S. Kiiux. a pioneer of this
county. Mr. Ayer belonged to the Ma
sonic fraternity and with that body
marched across the street to the South
Methodist Church, where the services
were to be held. He helped carry the
codin upstairs, remarking to the other
pall-bearers: "You boys are evidently
tired; 1 could carry the body upstairs
alone."
Ayer evidently did, more than his
share of the lifting, for when he got
into the hall he was very pale. As soon
a? the coffin was put down Ayer started
out. Mrs. Ayer saw his condition and
followed him. He couched badly as he
went down stairs, and went into More
head a drug store and asked to be given
a stimulant quickly. A little brandy
v.;,s given him and a doctor was sent
for.
Ayer sank rapidly. He realized his
s near and said to his wife:
"Good bye everybody; you have all
. t>> me."
}!•■ was beyond all hope when Dr.
Truman arrive.!. The body was re
. i to Woodrow's Undertaking Par-
Ilis d- j ath evidently resulted from
heart failure caused by over exertion
Supervisor Ayer was one of the best
known men in the county. He had b ~en
■ mber of the Board of Supervisors
twenty*-three years, representing the
Fifth District He was tirst elected in
r"!' ase of these aristocratic prisoners,
but the prefect of police refused all
such requests and removed all the prls
- to cells.
Some of the spectators say that when
M. Dupuy called upon the chief of the
municipal police. M. Tounj to interfere
and to stop the manifestations, the po
lice a< ted too hastily and violently, thus
mting instead of allaying the irri
tat ion.
Inspector Grilliere, who was hit in the
neck by a leaded cane, was carried
away Insensible, and now li.-s in a dan
gerous condition. It is asserted that
the President's hat was pressed down
by Ohristiani's stick and
that the occupants of the carriage were
hit with eggs while returning to the
Elys< c.
Emlle Zola, who has returned to 1
has written asking the public
pr secutor to Bend t" his residence a I
on of the sentence which the
v. rsailles i ourt passed upon him in the
action growing out "f the • ; ug< a
h" brought against the officers who con
the Esterhazy court-martial.
Major Marchand, whom th" Govern
• has granted lea\ ■ t absence to
visit his father and who should have
left Paris this evening, was asked to
■ ■ure l"st This might be a
signal for - mstration.
LOUBET NOT DAUNTED
BY THE DEMONSTRATION
PARI?. June s.— The papers this
morning praise the calmness of Presi
dent Loubel throughout the demonstra
tion against him yesterday. In reply
ing the stewards of the Auteuil race
track the President remarked, "You
are in no way responsible; and to prove
that I have no an«rer with you, if there
were races to-morrow I would attend
th^m. I am invited to witness the
Grand Prix on Sunday nev and you
may be sure I will be present."
On his return to the Elysee, ML Lou
bet said to those who accompanied him:
"All of my family opposed my becoming
President and I had no desire to remain
at the Elysee; but now that it is dan
gerous to be the chief of state, my duty
is clear, and I will let my enemies, if I
have any, be convinced that I shall ac
complish my mission to the end."
Of the 130 persons arrested in connec
tion with the demonstrations, forty
three are still held In custody.
MODERN WOODMEN OF
AMERICA ASSEMBLE
Convention at Kansas City Preceded
by a Lively Campaign for
Office.
KANSAS CITT Mo.. June 4.— Delegates
from all directions arrived to-day to at
the gathering of the imaern "Woo'l
men of America. Head Consul William
A. Northcott of Illinois, accompanied by
the executive officers, opened headquar
ters a; the Coates Ho
Headquarters have been opened by
Major C. W. Hawes, head clerk of the
order, who is .-: candidate for re-election,
by K. R. i'r"k r of lowa, who wants to
be head banker, and by other aspirants
for office. The caucuses to-morrow prob
ably will settle the question of officials.
The first business session will begin
■ lay morning, and the groat parade,
when it is expected 10,000 woodmen will
march, will take place on Thursday.
The hardi t of the convention, in
volving most of the politics of the Wood
men, wili be over the meeting place for
lSml. A snecial train from St. Paul ar
rived this morning rearing a delegation
Wi.ich immediately began working for the
next meeting. Another big delegation
from Grand Rapids. Mich., arrived to
day and went to work earnestly for the
Barn* prize.
CONGRESSMAN BLAND ILL.
Sons of "Silver Dick' 7 Summoned to
His Bedside.
ST. LOUIS, June 4.— A special to the
Republic from Lebanon, Mo., says: Con
gressman Richard P. Bland is seriously
111. He had been confined to hi? room for
two months. Last nl;: h t the patient was
Buffering such an alarming bhange for
the worse that his sons at school were
summoned home.
Miner Overcome by Smokt.
ASPEN. Colo., June I.- A fire in the
phaft-house of the Park Regerft mine on
Smuggler Mountain caused the death of
P. A. Headman, who was working in a
drift of the mir.<-. A number of miners
w-re overcome by smoke and gas and
w< re taken out In an unconscious condi
tion. All recovered but Headman. Be
[eaves a widow and five children.
Schley Leaves for New York.
CHICAGO. June 4.— Hear Admiral
Schley left for New York this afternoon,
accompanied by Mrs. Schley. A crowd
assembled at the station In anticipation
of his departure, and oommittees From
the Hamilton Club, Union League and
Loyal l^egion were on hand to say good
by. '
Jp C£LTS
Do you know the
most luxurious bath
in the world ?
Have you used
Pears' Soap?
SAMUEL F AVER.
1876, and with the exception of two
years held office i-v^r since. He pos
sessed a better knowledge of county
arovernment than most men and his
idvice in road building and other
■ unity matters was often Bought. He
was a na!:V'' of New Brunswick, Can
ida, and 59 years of age. Mr. Ayer re
sided at Mllpitas and had been a resi
|i nt of this county since 1860. A widow
Hid three grown children survive him.
FILIPINOS ROUTED
IS HILL BATTLES
Continued Fr"tii First Page.
Hal] approached the town from the op
posite direction, the gunboats Napidan,
• !ovadonga and Cc; • rating in
the river.
This Important movement was
- cret that th" • I -ii;::!*! Ihe
plan was to s.-ni General Ovenshine's
lines forward against th.' Insurgents
w h" are entren< hed south of the city.
The Signal Corps displayed admirable
enterprise in the laying of wins with
the troops, but the native sympathizers
cut them behind the army, even within
the American lines.
DEWEY TO STUART
FOR HOME TUESDAY
NEW YORK. June 5.— A 1 !<->nfrknf *
• to tlie World su-s: "Admiral
Dewey will sp.il for home to-morrow. Ho
left the Peak Hotel yesterday (Sunday)
morning at 10 o'clock, took the train for
town, walked t.i Murray pier and eni
: barked on his flagship, the Olympla PI ■
embarkation was effected w
most privacy. Y. <•. •.,'... . ternoon the
Iral viM'. ■! K.'\v Loon m...-ks ai
ted ?).•• captured Spanish warships
. Islp de Cuba and Ts! .;,- Luzon.
REDUCTION OF MINERS'
WAGES ANNOUNCED
Owners of British Columbia Proper- i
ties Combat the Eight-Hour
Law.
I VANCOUVER. B. C, June 4. - The
: S-hour law goes into effect in Rritish Co
! lumbia on June 12. Some sensational tele
grams are being seni oui as to trouble
arising from the fact that Nelson and
Sloan mine owikts have notified their
: men that hereafter their pay will be $3
for a day of eight hours. Instead oi
for a day of ten hours. Some of the mines
said to have shut down "I
trouble" have merelj closed, -is usual at
I this season of the year,
j much water. James Wilson, traveling or
] ganizer of the Western Fed< . I
Miners of British <\.iumbia and the Stati
of Washington, says:
"1 am inclined to think that the pub
; lie is possessed of an exagg-era ■■! idea
of the seriousness of the situation. My
impression Is there will be no tro\:: '
any part oi the province
sibly the Sloan and Nelson districts. The
proposition of the mine owners of Nelson
Sloan to reduce wages to $3 is, In
my opinion, most unreasonable, for it is
I admitted that men will accomplish more
i In proportion to the hours worked in an
j eight-hour day than they will in a ten
i hour day."
SHIP SACHEM STRUCK
BY LIGHTNING AT SEA
Sailors Are Rendered Unconscious
and the Vessel Drifts at the
Mercy of a Storm.
TACOMA, June 4.— The American ship
Sachem, which sailed from Philadelphia
hist fall laden with kerosene oil, has ar
rived at Shanghai after an eventful voy
age. Before reaching Hongkong her mas
ter died and was buried ■ sea. in For
mosa <'hannel, after leaving Hongkong,
she had a most trying experience. She
hail just missed the tail end of a typhoon
when a thunder storm came up. It gath
ered bo quickly that t h»- officers a.-id cr.w
bent their combiivd energies toward tak
ing In all canvas. Th< seas rolled high
and the ship pitched so that ii was feared
she would .sink. To cap tin' climax her
foremast was struck by lightning The
Immense stick was shivered to splint) rs
and pieces of mast and rigging went Hy
ing over the ship.
Over ball the crew was knock' d insen
sible by the lightning and for a number
of hours the ship drifted about at the
mercy of the storm. The Sachem's new
mate, engaged at Hongkong, suffered
most, anu fur six hour.- was believed to
be dead. Two members of the crew
thought h<- was still alive and were de
termined to resuscitate him. By vigor
ous rubbing and pouring brandy down his
throat he was finally brought to.
DISTRESS AT EVERY
CAMP ON THE TRIAL
Late Arrival Confirms the Stories of
Death Along the Edmonton
Rout*.
PORT TOWNBEND, Juno ♦:— Further
confirmation of the <10.-i.th and distress on
til- Kdmonton Trail was brought h.-r«- to
night by J. F. Storey of Ontario, a pas
senger on the Bteamer Dirlgo. Stony,
with three others, started for Dawson
seventeen months ago over the Edmon
ton route, but was unable to get through.
Hi says there is a section of country be
tween Peace River and Nelson that was
never traveled by white man or Indian
The country is one continuation of
swamps and sloughs. For weeks ho and
his companions slept i;i clothing arid
blankets saturated with water. The
twenty-one horses with which they
started died and they were compelled to
retrace their steps. At Llard River they
found thirty men suffering from frost
bites and scurvy. Some had turned black
as far up as the thighs. At every camp
they found sickness and distress. They
gave out their provisions until they ran
short themselves. For six weeks they
lived on rabbits which they Bnared.
On reaching Telegraph Creek, Storey
reported the situation to the magistrate,
who at once started a r< lief expeuition.
H< Bays the number of persons who have
perished on the trail will never be known.
Grand Steeplechase Run.
PARIS, June i.— The race for the Gran-l
Steeplechase stakes at Auteuil to-day.
valued at £2f>4x. was won by Tancar
vllle. Breemount'p Pride was second and
Peu de Chose third.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1899.
NOT FITTED FOR
SELF-GOVERNMENT
Porto Ricans Must Wait
Awhile.
INSULAR COMMISSION'S PLAN
GRADUAL EXTENSION OF HOME
RULE PROPOSED.
Spanish System of Taxation Is Al
tered and All Revenues Are De
voted to Public Im
provements.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 4.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: "By direction of the President
the insular Commission, which submit
t. d irs report a few days ago. is devis
ing a sch< me of municipal government
for Porto Rico and a new system of
taxation for the island. A member of
commission with whom I talked to-day
told mi' that, judging from his observa
tion of the inhabitants of I'orto Rico,
they were not fit yet for self-govern
ment.
"Porto Rico," he said, "should be
come to the United States what
Canada is to Great Britain. There
are sixty-eight municipalities on the
island. It seems to me a good way to
commence the extension of self-govern
meni would lie to take two of the more
Important of the municipalities and
Mayaguese and under a system of suf
. with an educational test, permit
them to govern themselves, if the plan
worked satisfactorily, extend the sys
tem to the other. In five years the peo
ple "t the island would be prepared to
govern it.
"There is no danger that they will
revolt against the authority "f the
I'iiii. d States. A small military force
should be retained on the island, but
more for mere effect than because of
actual need of its presence.
Major General Henry tried to modify
the Spanish system of taxation by
grafting on it some American ideas, but
his plan is not working satisfactorily
and th" President desires that an en
tirely new American plan may supplant
the system now in operation.
The commission is taking the best
American laws and will include them in
the system to he recommenced. At
present taxes are applied upon the
amount of produce that ought to be
grown on a determined seetlon of land.
In some cases where the owner is giv
ing th" land a rest, the application of
ill.- tax is in the nature of ;t hardship.
The commission proposes to tax land
equ illy, as is .lone in the United States.
M\ money raised by taxation in {'"rt"
Rico will be devoted t>> improvement .if
the island. There is no intention on the
part "f the Government to divert the
funds so raised to national uses.
The commission expects to complete
it< work the latter part of tin's month,
when it will adjourn sine die.
INDIAN CATTLE THIEF
FLOGGED TO DEATH
Tied co a Stake by His Tribesmen and
Lashed Until Life Is
Extinct.
GI'THRIE. O. T.. June 4.— There was
much • xdtement among the Indians at
Sans Bois, 1. T., yesterday, when at dusk
John Mays, a Choctaw, was publicly
flogged to death.
The punishment inflicted on Mays was
for cattle stealing and was in accordance
with an old Choctaw law. which provides
for the giving of 100 lashes on the bare
back of any member of the tribe found
guilty of cattle stealing. If an Indian
withstands the severe puniflMhent meted
i him in 100 lashes he is given free
dom, but few have lived through half
this punishment.
When the fiftieth stroke was applied
Mays made frantic efforts to wrench him
self from the post, blood fairly pouring
from the Btreaks of tlesh on his back.
As the seventieth lash was given he col
lapsed and lay limp at the stake. He was
unconscious at the eightieth stroke, and
at the eighty-sixth it was found he was
dead.
PICADOR AND HORSE
GORED TO DEATH
Bull Fighting Horrors Shown in All
Their Barbarity in
Juarez.
EL PASO, Tex., June 4.— 8u11-fighting
horrors were shown in all their barbar
ity during the tight held across the Rio
Grande, in Juarez, to-day, when the
picador and his horse were gored to death
in full view of thousands of spectator'?.
Tip se lights art usually very tame af
falrs, but to-day the Mexican love of gore
was satlstied. The bulls for to-day's tight
were brought from the Samalayuca
ranch, in the mountains, and were ex
tremely ferocious.
American women in the audience turned
away from the ghastly spectacle, and
many fainted. The Mexican side of the
ring was in an uproar of cheers and cries
of "Viva toro," presenting a scene
worthy of the days of Xero.
Soldiers Back From Cuba.
NKW yOBJK, June 4.— The steamer
Olinda arrived to-day from Cuba with
fifteen cabin passengers and seventy-two
discharged soldiers of the several Im
mune regiments. At the request of the
War Department the Olinda was de
tained for disinfection. Each soldier will
be provided with a certificate of disinfec
tion which will accord immunity from de
tention and quarantine by local Boards of
Health in hi.s home State. Among the
passengers on the Olinda were Captain w.
T. May, Fifteenth Infantry, and Captain
H. Adams.
OKLAHOMA TOWN
BUYS ITS RIVAL
OaKdale Moved on Wheels ar)d
Consolidated With Moun
tain View.
• EL RENO. O. T., June 4.— Mountain View, Oklahoma, the new ter- •
O minal of the Chickasaw extension of the Rock Island, that was organized jg
P in a day, broke another record in town enterprise to-day. There has ex- §
g isied a rival town a mile and a half west and it was deemed advisable to £»
£ consolidate them. After a week's diplomacy the protocol was to-day §■
p signed, and the towns are now one. The consideration was raised by the jg
.* enterprising citizens of Mountain View and amounted to $34,380, and now So
H Oakd&le, the rival town, is on wheels and strung crut on the road to S
£> Mountain View. This is probably the first case of buying a whole town §
88 outright that the annals of the West record. 2S
TRAMP OVERLAND
TO THE PLACERS
Miners Will Not Wait
for Vessels.
GOLD FEVER AT ENSENADA
MEN START TO WALK ACROSS
COUNTRY.
Six Prospectors Arrive From the
Sierra Pintada Mines, Bringing
Eighty Ounces of Dust and
Nuggets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN DIEGO, June 4.— The telegraph
line between this city and Ensenada
has been repaired after having been
down three days, and additional reports
concerning the Sierra Plntada placers
are being received, though no news has
come direct from the diggings since
May 31. Six prospectors, who went to
Sierra Pintada from San Quintin, have
returned, bringing: eighty ounces "1" gold
dust and nuggets. They sailed again
for the mint's to-day from San Quintin
with their familes, on the Bteamer St.
Denis, which called at that place to
leave mail. The St. Denis, which left
here on Friday night, got away from
Knsenada for San Rogue, landing yes
terday early in the afternoon, having a
Bpecial custom house permit. In addi
tion to the sixty-six passengers for the
mines, taken from San Diego, the
steamer took on Beventy more at En
senada, besides thirty burros, eight tons
"f provisions and twenty drywashers.
Ensenada is in a fever of excitement
over the mines, from which not one un
favorable word has been received.
Twenty persons who were unable to
engage passage on the St. I>cnis yes
terday will make the trip to the placers
overland. It will occupy fifteen days.
The St. Denis will v;i< h San Rogue on
Tuesday and her passengers will arrive
at th>- diggings the same night or early
the !'.■ xt day.
The schooner Anita, which sailed from
here last Monday, was delayed at En
senada, all of her cargo having to be
Inspected. She sailed from Ensenada
yesterday -afternoon and will reach San
Uo.ju, Landing about Wednesday.
The schooner' Thomas S. Negus will
sail from here with fifty-six passengers
on Tuesday afternoon.
The Mexican inspector of Postofflces
has mad.- arrangements for th- receiv
ing and sending of mails at Sierra Pin- I
tada. The steamer St. Dents Is expect
ed to bring the next news from the
mines and probably will be back here
on the Btrr.
COLONEL MAUS TO WED
MISS LINSLEY POOR
Ceremony to Take Place Before Hid
Departure for San
Francisco.
J*BW YORK. June 4.— A World sp
from Washington says: It is announced
that the marriage of Miss Linsley Poor,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Poor
Of New York and Washington, and
Colonel Marlon Maus, U. S. A., of Mas
sachusetts, formerly on General Miles'
staff, will take place the latter part of
June or early in July at the summer
home of thp bride's parents, Willow
Hank. Skaneateles, X. Y. The ceremony
will be performed at noon at St. James'
Church, where the bride-elect was chris
tened and confirmed.
Miss Anita Poor, sister of the bride,
will be maid of honor, and the brides
maids will be Miss Wllletts of New York.
Miss Miles. Miss Ht-ssie Glovi r. Miss
Sheridan. Miss Rell E. Hagner and Miss
Koiilke of Washington and Miss Wright
of Cincinnati. Colonel Micheler. U. S. A.,
will attend Colonel Maus as best man.
and the ushers are to be army officers.
Colonel Maus has recently been ordered
to San Francisco, and the date of the
marriage will depend on the extension of
his leave of absence.
BAND OF CATTLE
MIRED IN THE MUD
One Hundred and Fifty Animals Dy-
ing of Starvation and Thirst
Near Stockton.
STOCKTON. June 4.— On Roberts
Island, just opposite Black Slough. ISO
cattle have mired in the sticky mud and
are slowly dying of starvation and thirst.
The cattle were landed from a barge on
Friday, and were en route to Merced. As
sistance was sent down to-day, and it was
hoped most of the stock could be saved,
but persons familiar with the task doubt
that the cattle can be extricated. Miller
& Lux recently lost a lot of cattle near
Head ranch in the same manner,
"When the cattle are mired it is hard to
get a foundation in the mud from which
enough hoisting power may be operated.
Tho band of cattle helpless in the mud
make a pitiful picture, and the authori
ties will urge that, if they cannot be
got out, they be killed to put an end to
their sufferings.
HOUSE TURNED BOTTOM
UPWARD BY CYCLONE
ROCK RAPIDS. lowa, June 4.— A severe
storm of cyclonic nature passed over
Rook Rapids last night at 7 o'clock. About
six miles northeast of town it dipped
down to the earth, tearing- up trees and
fences and demolishing outbuildings. \
half mile further on a house occupied by
Adolph Juergrensen and family, seven in
all, was turned bottom upward and en
tirely demolished. The family was at
supper when the storm struck and had no
warning. Heavy rain accompanied the
storm and helped extinguish the fire that
started from the stove. The family
miraculously escaped with only a few
painful bruises.
HAD MARKED FOUR
MEN FOR MURDER
Plot of the Slayers of
Fountain.
"SLICK" MILLER'S STORY
GAVE TO A SHERIFF DETAILS OF
THE CONSPIRACY.
Members of the Gang Weakened
After Killing the Cattle Com
pany Attorney and His
Son.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
HILLSBRO, N. M.. June 4.-Captain
George Curry, former Sheriff or Lincoln
County, has arrived and disclosed infor
mation that has been heretofore well
I guarded concerning a conspiracy to com
mit four murders, one of them being that
of Colonel Fountain. He does not impli
cate Lee and Gilllland, who arc now being
tried for the murder of Colonel Fountain
and his son, but simply Bald:
"If the court will admit my evidence I
, can tell who planned the killing and who
vainly lay In wan for Colonel Fountain
once before he was killed.
" 'Slick' Miller, one of my former pris
oners, who was pardoned out of the peni
tentiary bj Governor Thornton, made a
confession to me which I have kept se
cret, having had no occasion to divulge it
until now. There were three men in the
plot, anil all had been Indicted for steal
ing rattle, j had been instrumental in
prosecuting some of the rases, and
they agreed to put me out of
the way, too. James 11. Cree of
the V. V. Cuttle Company, a largo Scotch
syndicate, was to be killed. I told him
quietly what I knew, and he. fearing he
would yet be murdered, returnee! to Scot
land arid is waiting until this affair is
settled, w. <\ McDonald of the Carrixo
Cattle -Company, another who was active
in prosecuting the cattle thieves, was to
lie murdered, ami also Colonel Fountain,
who was then attorney for the South
tern New Mexico Cattle company.
Miller was convicted of cattle st.-aling
and the other two conspirators carried
out bul a part nt their agreement."
Curry said that Miller told him that the
bullies of Colonel Fountain and his son
wen burled in the White Sands near the
Sacramento mountains. A thorough
starch of these sands may disclose the
bodies, but it is feared that the drifting
nature of the soil has buried them too
deep.
Curry he-Id a conference with the attor
neys for the defense and the indications
are they will use him as a witness,.
WYOMING TRAIN
ROBBERS HEMMED IN
Posses Surround Three of the Out
laws Who Dynamited the Un
ion Pacific Flier.
CHEYENNE, W'yo.. June 4.— Twenty
mfti of the p°sse which left the scene of
the T'nion Pacific hold-up on Friday
morning in pursuit of the desperadoes who
dynamited passenger train No. 1, reached
Casper to-day, ajfter a sixty-raile ride
across the Laramie plains and Black
Bills range of mountains. They hune; to
the trail of three of the outlaws for about
forty miles; Uien it was lost in a stream.
This morning a sh<-ep herder accidently
ran onto the robbers, who were in camp
In a gulch about six miles west of Cas
j per. One of the robbers pointed a Win
: Chester at him and ordered him to leave.
He reported the incident at Casper, and a
posse of riders with the Sheriffs of Con
verse and Natrona counties started out ti
effect the capture of the outlaws. They
found their trail and are now but three
hours behind.
Tin- capture of the men is looked upon
as C( rtain, as they are hemmed in by
several passes of armed men. Their ob
jective point was evidently the Powder
River country or the Hole-in-the- VY wl
region, places of refuse for criminals.
They are shut out from reaching either
plai c by high water in the Platte river,
which cannot be forded and can be crossed
only on bridges, all of which are now
.guarded.
DENVER, Colo., June 4.— A special to
the News from Cheyenne, Wyo., says: \
report coming from 'Union Pacific sources
is to the effect that the Albany County
Sheriff's posse has captured three of the
[T'nion Pacific robbers six miles from Cas
per, Wyo., and that one of them has
made a confession. The rest of the pans
is being pursued in the direction of Glen
rock.
SUNDAY A DAY OF
WORK FOR ADVENTISTS
Conference at Stockton Passes Upon
Numerous Questions Affecting
the Church.
STOCKTON. June t— At the morning
session of the Adventist Conference vari
ous resolutions affecting the establish
ment of church schools in many of the
Cities and towns of the State were dis
cussed and the following recommenda
tions were adopted: That Healdsburg
College, the loading educational institu
tion of the denomination in this confer
ence, devotes especial attention to the
training and development of inctructors
in church schools; that only competent
teachers be recommended to the different
schools; that the president of the con
ference and a committee of the faculty
consisting of the heads of department's!
constitute a board to which the local
church may apply for teachers; that each
church school shall be controlled by a lo
cal board.
At 11 o'clock Elder J. N. Loughborough
delivered a discourse upon the subject,
•'Last Day Tokens, or Signs Which Have
Appeared in the Sun, in the Moon and in
the Heavens." The lecture was illus
trated by the use of colored charts, some
twenty in number. Elder J. O. Corliss
occupied the afternoon hour, and Pro
fessor M. E. Cady led the 5 o'clock meet
ing. A 1 the evening service Elder George
Snyder of Los Angeles addressed a
large audience.
WAS THE INDIAN'S FRIEND.
British Columbia Beds Mourn the
Death of Bishop Durien.
VANCOUVER, B. C, June. 4.— As Bish
op Durien was the friend of the Indians,
they will take a prominent part in his
funeral services. Two Indian bands, one
from Squamlsh th^ other from Secheldt,
went over to New Westminster to-day
where the body of the late Bishop is ly
ing in state in the Indian church. To
morrow a requiem hich mass will be sung
by Indians. Archbishop Christie of Ore
gon will preach the funeral oration.
. ♦ . _
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, June 4
Stmr North Fork, Bash, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Ship Roanoke, Amesbury, 145 days from Bal
timore.
Br ship T^oudon Hill, Cruikshanks, l,"> 0 days
from Antwerp.
Bktn Northwest, Lund, 7 days from Olympia
Sohr Defender. Dedrlck, 18 days from Ka-
Haw hark Wlllscott, Peahody, 5 days <rom
Nanaimo.
BriK J. P- Spreekels. Christiansen, 13U days
from Mahukon.
Sohr Spokane, J&mlegon, fi days from Port
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— SaiIed June 4-Stmr Humboldt,
for Pyea.
TAf'OMA— Arrived June 4— Stmr Umatllla
henre May 31; Br ship Wm. Mitchell, from
Port Angeles. Sailed— June 4— Stmr Al-Ki, for
Alaska.
CROSS OF DIAMONDS
FOR AN ARCHBISHOP
THE magnificent pectoral cross worn by Archbishop Corrigan at the ordi
nation at New York recently excited the wonder and admiration of all be
holders. A pectoral cross is the one worn by all the Bishops of the Roman
church, suspended around the neck by a gold chain. They are ordinarily
the best work of goldsmiths, but this one is unusual. Tt is five inches long,
of purest gold and blazes with diamonds. In the arms are seven large brilliants
surrounded by clusters of smaller ones.
It is said to have cost $20,000, and to have be^n made of the jewels of the late
Mrs Eugene Kelly. She directed that the gems should be so used. Neither the
Archbishop nor any .of his seretaries «ould talk on the subject. They say simply
it is the gift of a friend.
HALE HAS GOLD
BRICK NAUSEA
San Quentin's Warden
Turns on Gage.
REFUSES TO COACH AGUIRRE
ANGRY OVER NOT BEING MADE
PARIS COMMISSIONER.
Chagrin of Captain Edgar Over the
Honors in Store for Captain
Birlem — Under Sheriff
McClure's Plum.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN QUENTIN PRISON. June 4.—
Warden Hale has at last found the exam
ple set by the worm consoling, also to
the recipient of a gold brick, and accord
ingly has turned on his tormentor, Gov
ernor Gage. It took the Warde» a good
deal longer than it did the general public
to discover that he had been "fooled."
which migtit have been due to the tact
that the general public, being entirely
dislntertst-'d. had the Governor pretty
well "sized up" long before the late Leg
islature adjourned. But sad experience has
at last pulled the wool from Mr. Hale's
eyes, and the proverbial wet hen is not in
it with him for indignation.
Hale made a hard fight to retain his po
sition as the head of the prison, but when
Director Fitzgerald was whipped into the
line marked down by the Burns-Gage duo
and Director Hayes concluded that a res
ignation would be hasty and not render
Half any matt-rial assistance, the Warden j
threw up hi,s hands and quit the game.
Not all hope died in his breast, however,
for only a short time later he visted Gage
and was set at work studying French
preparatory to being appointed one of the
State Commissioners to the Paris Exposi
tion.
Gage thought this so good a joke that
he used to recount it with gusto both at i
clubs and at private dinners. The "joke" \
reached The Call, and Hale was warned !
that he was "up against it," but his trust
did not waver. When the three appoint
ments were finally made public the War
den was dumfounded, but his anger soon !
caused him to study how to "get even." j
He has found a way by snubbing the new
Warden.
It was agreed at the last meeting of
the Prison Directors here that Hale
should take Aguirre in hand and make
him acquainted with the inner workings
of the prison a month before he took the
position. Now Hale refused to do this,
arid ha« notified Gage that he is not hired
by the State to "break in new Wardens."
A congratulatory telegram sent Aguirre ;
by Hale stated that if the latter would
visit San Quentln a few days before he
took charge he would be coached as re
gards his duties. This message was a sur
prise to Aguirre and the first intimation
Gage had of Hale sulking.
J. C. Edgar has developed a strong de
sire to retain his position as captain of
the yard on account of his enmity for
Captain of the Guards Birlem, but the in
dications are that he will have to go. To
add to his wrath, it is probable Captain
Birlem will receive the positioin Edgar
now holds on account of the favorite's
greater experience, in order to make room
for Under Sheriff McClure of Ix>s Ange
les, whom Aguirre will bring with him to
the prison. As McClure has resigned a
$200 position, it is evident that one of the
captaincies is meant for him.
RECLAIMING TULE LANDS.
Thousands of Acres of Marsh Tracts
Brought Under Cultivation.
STOCKTON. June 4.— The dredgers
Staten Island and Golden Gate will this
week commence the reclamation of 2300
acres of marsh and lule lands between
Old and Middle rivers. The work is to
be done for O. Y. Woodward, who already
has large holdings on the islands. The
dredgers will have nearly eleven miles
of levee to build on account of the cir
cuitous lines of the river. •
It is expected that by Tuesday work will
have been finished on the 5000-acre tract
northwest of Tracy, known as the Bell-
Fabian land. The reclamation has been
done by Frank Bell on shares, and ..e
used the big Empire dredger.
The progress made on reclamation work
the last two years would indicate, that
not many more years .will pass before all
the. lands (Will- have boon brought un
der ' cultivation, and a vast area, .added
to the productive acreage of the county.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
'The Thorn Comes Forth
With Point Forward,"
The thorn point of disease
is an ache or pain. But the
blood is the feeder of the
whole body. Purify it with \
Hood Sarsaparillla. Kid-
neys liver and stomach will
at once respond. No thorn
in this point.
Blood Poison— " / lived in a bed of
fire for years owing to blood poisoning that
followed small pox. It broke out all over
my body, itching intensely. Tried doctors
and hospitals in vain. I tried Hood's Sar-
saparilla. [It helped. I kept at it and 'was
entirely cured. I could go on the house-
tops and shout about it." SMrs.J. T.
Williams, Carbondale, 'Pa.
Running Sores — " After -worrying
four months I gave my children Hood's
Sarsaparilla and d cured them of running
sores. Hood's Pills cured me of dyspep-
sia and constipation.'' Mrs. Kate E.
Thomas, 31 Governor St., Annapolis, Md.
Allow no polite druggist to impose any-
thing on you in place of Hood's —
Hood's I*lll* cure lWer ills; the non-irritating and
only cathartic to take with Hood's Sarsaparillk.
_— — _ _
—^— — '
i visit DR. JORDAN'S greatS
OF ANATOMY.
i C - 105imZETST.'bGt.6thi7ih,S.F.Cil. ( I
\ Cj The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
9 flea) r d - We , ne « es or any contracted , I
2k raiSffl disease p0,.t.».-ly rt , re ,i ,, tht . cMebt I
• fßjßl specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. (I
iiHEft DR. JORDAN-PRIVATE DISEASES $
fWM9i Consultation free and strirtly P riv « \
I W% B li'/V me^ P e " oMl 'y>r by letter. aS
fi W W H " MWIM C^"'" every case undertaken. f
r\i \w 11 -^i" f 2 I - Br)ok -'"»'«»« r pHi'.fi
X II I S!i ?, n l^?V- MA J«D FREE. (Af
J (1 61' v »luable book for mm) : \
OR JORDAN * CO. 1051 Markptst..s. F. V
B^s ! TH?Ny s
&&\ T H C N F W
rr«r lo.hn.J^fei".!**^ FRENCH..
SKriTO 1 t hta Ibotk1 botk Mt»«D«T. RcHitllTii
KiKhtlv Emilii q "' f s ' f r? rely remov " »'""»"»». Impotency, ■
of ,rtf ah,?. ' Evll ims «tin! leases and all '«"•'»
Powi °m net J % and in <'i!ci.t,on: Rcstorea tot Vitality,
rower and Failing Memory. W.rdi ofl Inanity and Consnmil
no oth,r re V Whfn Sll ° th " s fail - baM "" ft*! TITALI^
no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mail 91.00
fl#A-V?l° r « x for * &f *° with » (roarxntM to Cure OP
£«V Wit? e Money. Circular Free. Addrna
«ALIMET CVRt CO., 884 Dearborn Bfc, CWeof»
Sold by Owl Drug Co.. 3aldwin Pharmacy.
W..J. Bryan (two stores), Crant Drug Co., In
Oakland by Owl Drug Co. ...
J — IBfc RUPTURE.
W^VT /-*** jiaa USE NO MORE IRON
jKßK3Bgw<dß!jy Hoops or Steel Springs, i
M^^WHHsiSy^ Rupture retained with eas» J
H-^-*»aC?V anil comfort, and thousands radi-^
■ /Mi* cally CURED by DR. PIERCE" 3
% /JE£ Magnetic Elastic Truss. d?Call at
. \^&fr office or write for New Pamphlet
No. X: • ■
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.. '
1 620 Market st. a opp. Palace Hotel, San FranclMoFOLLOWERS OF
CHRISTIAN SCIENCE
OBSERVE COMMUNION
In Her Annual Message Mrs,
Eddy Forsees Great Danger
/ Threatening the Nation,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
I reluctantly foresee great
danger threatening our na
tion — imperialism, monopoly
and a lax system of religion.
But the spirit of humanity,
ethics and Christianity sown
broadcast — all concomitants cf
Christian Science — is taking
strong hold of the pub
lic thought throughout our
beloved country and in
foreign lands, and is tending
to counteract the trend of mad
ambition. — From the annual
message of Mary Baker Eddy,
Pastor Emeritus of the First
Church of Christian Science at
Boston.
BOSTON. June 4.— The followers of
Christian Science to-day observed
Communion day with four largely
attended services at the mother
church, the First Church of Christian
Science in this city. Thousands flocked
into the edifice merely^ for the privilege
of kneeling in silent communion or listen-
Ing to the reading of a brief message and
the exchange of kindly greetings with fel
low-members. As fast as the services
•were concluded and the congregation had
departed another great concourse
streamed into the church and the simple
service was repeated.
Each gathering was a representative
one, for all sorts of men and women were
present. Even the knowledge that the
leader. Mrs. Eddy, would not be present
had little effect on those who joined In the
services, and her message, full of love and
peace, was received with silent thankful-
Ilt SS.
Septimus J. Hanna Invited those pres
ent to join in the communion. His words
of invitation were: "I now invite all
present, whether members of this church
or not. and communicants of other
churches, II there be any present; to enter
with us into the inner sanctuary of Saul
for a brief moment, into the holy of ho
lies, into the secret places of the most
high; for there is nothing as near as in
iinito love."
After the silent prayer the annual mes
sage of the Pastor Emeritus; Mar;. Baker
Eddy; to the mother church, was read
by John Reeder and listened to with great
interest.
Excerpts from Mrs. Eddy's message fol
low:
My beloved brethn-t . Looking on this an
nual assemblage of human consciousness,
health. harmony. growth. grandeur and
achievement, garlanded with glad faces, will
ing hnndF and warm hearts, who would s:iy :
to-day. "\\h,".t a fond fool is hope?" The j
fruition of frlendfhlri. the world's arm out- i
stretched to us. heart meeting heart accrosa j
continents and oceans, bloodless sieges and I
tearless triumphs, th^ "well .lone" already j
yours, r.nd the undone waiting only your swift :
hnmis, tire twjugh to mak« this hour *r!...1. ,'
What more abounds and abides in the hearts ,
DETECTIVE'S YARN
AROUSES NEGROES
Says Hos Was Lynched
Unjustly.
TOOK LIFE IN SELF-DEFENSE
KILLED CRANFORD WHILE PRO
TECTING HIMSELF.
Report Submitted by a Man Sent by
Chicago Colored People to Inves
tigate a Burning at the
Stake.
B| '-in! Dti pali !i tn T'i-- rail
1 HICAGO, June 4.— To a mass meeting
of i). -frn.es In Bethel Church this
nnor. a private detective. Louis Levin
• what he paid were the fans lead
up to the burning at the stak.- 1 ■: th«
-. . ' by a mob at Newnan,
Ga. Soon after Hose was exe< it
number of colored men of Chicago, head-
Rev. H. C. Ransom, got up n fund
nnd Bent Levin to Georgia to [nvet
1!.. case. To-day he eaid the killing nt
nford bj H..^> was not for the pur
of assaulting Mrs. Cranford bul was
tin result of a quarrel concerning wages.
The ... d In Georgia as
a vendoi i medicine, said:
X "Hose had be. n employ*-.! by f'ranfoyd.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL REMEMBER '
a S^*% 8
% M \ to
S mS^l^l? §,
OOOTOR SWEANY.
HE RESTORES I>OST VIGOR AND VITAL-
■" lty to weak men. Organs of th* body
which have been weakened through disease.
overwork, excesses or Indiscretions are restore!
to perfect health and strength through hl» new
and original *>-Rtem of treatment. im'TUKK
cured by his new method, wlthjut knife. tru»s
r,r detention from work; a painless, sure and
permanent cure! VAKICOOKF-E. hydrocele.
•wellinK and tenderness of the plands treated
with iinfaiUn* success. CONTAGIOUS IJLOO1)
I'OISOX In any of its *tage» thorouthly
JTRdlcated from the system. LADIES will re-
X»lve special attention for all their many ail- I
ments. WRITE If you cannot call. No charge
for advice by mail. He will also »end you a
valuable book. "Guide to Health." free of
rharse Address F. L. SWEAKY. M. D.. 131
XUrket «treet. San FrancUco. Cal. I
I of those hearers and speakers pen re ay- not tell.
Brethren, our annual meeting U a Brave
1 guardian. It require* you to repcrt progress,
to refresh the memory, to rejuvenate the
branches and vivify the bunds, to bend up
ward the tendrils- and incline the vine toward
the parent trunks. You come from feeding
your Hocks, big With promise; and you come
I with the sling of Israel's chosen one to meet
the Goliaths.
I have only to dip my pen in my heart to say
all honor to the members of th« the board of
lectureship connected with the mother church.
Loyal to the divine principle they so ably
vindicate, they earn their laurete; history will
record their words, and their works will fol
low them. When reading their lectures I have
felt the touch of the spirit of the Mars Hill
orator, which always thrills the soul. I have
the great pleasure to report that within the
i last month there have been aided to this board
j the talent, influence and eirxerience of the
distinguished Hon. W. 1... Swing of Chicago
j and Judgu J. R. Clarkaon of Omaha, Ne.br.
The members of the board of education, under
! the auspices of the Massachusetts Metaphysi
i cal College, have acquittted themselves nobly.
The students In my last class In IS9S are stars
I in my crown of rejoicing.
We thank the River of all good for the mar
! velous speed of the chariot wheels of truth
i and for the steadfast, calm coherence in the
I rnnks of Christian Science On comparison It
i will be found that Christian Science pos
! sesses more of Christ's teaching and example
: than all other religions since the first cen
; t :r> Comparing our Bo}entflc system of
; metaphysical therapeutics with materla medico,
j we find It completely overshadows and over-
I whelms it. even as Aaron's rod swallowed up
i the rods of the magician* of Egypt. I •Ipliber-
I ately declare that when I was in practice, out
; of 100 cases I healed ninety-nine to the ten
j of materia medlca.
'■'■ ■ should thank God for persecution and for
, prosecution, if thereby ensue a purer protest
; antism and monotheism for the latter day*, of
i the nineteenth century. A siege of, combined
I centuries culminating In fierce attack cannot
; demolish our strongholds. The forts of Chris
' tian Science, garrison jd by God's chosen ones.
j can never surrender. • A Coroner's inquest, a
I Board of Health or class legislation i.« less
] than the constitution of the United States
' find infinitely less tban God's benign govern
f ment, which is no respecter of persons. Truth
! crushed to earth springs spontaneously up
: ward and whispers In the breeze man's In
i alienable birthrights-liberty.
"Where the spirit of the Lord is. there is
; liberty." God is everywhere, nor crown, nor
I scepter, nor ruler* rampant can quench the
■ vital heritage of freedom- man's right to
; adopt a religion, to employ a physical!, to live
i or to <ile according t.i the dictates of his own
■ rational conscience and enlighten under
! standing. Man cannot punish a man for sut-
I eld*— God does that.
Christian Scientists abide by the laws of God
! and the laws ft the land and following the
■ command of the Master they go into all thf
i world, preaching the gospel and healing the
j sick. Therefore, be wise and harmless, for
! without the former the latter were Impractl
; cable.
A . lack of wisdom betrays truth into the
I hands of evil men.
In addition to the communion service
: the fact thnt th« annual church meeting
'of the mother church is to be held on
■ Tuesday. June 6, attracted many who
; might not have otherwise been in at
; tendance. This annual church meeting is
; held for the purpose of elevating the vari
i ous officers, such as members of the
'. board of lectureship and the board of cd
i ucation. The present membership of the
| mother church is about 13.000, About 2500
! new members were admitted to member
! snip in the mother church at this com-
I munion. It is estimated that over 5000 of
the followers of Christian Science have
j come to the city during the past two
(days, and at thp present time there are
I over 1O,(JQO In Boston.
and daring a quarrel over wages Cran
ford can Into hia house and cam- out
again with a revolver. As he was about
shoot Hose, the latter seized an ax
threw it at him. The ax struck
Cranfbrd in the head and killed him in
stantly. Hose fled and did not attempt
to tssault Mrs. Cranford. Mr-. Cranford.
■ulio witnessed the tragedy, says herself
tlii.t Hose- did riot sa y a word to her or
in a : way touch her."
The men who sent the detective to
Georida will have his report printed in
circular form and distribute it all over
the United States.
SOUTH AMERICANS
TO VISIT BUFFALO
Pp.rty of Notables Leaves Washing
ton for a Trip to the Lake
* City.
WASHINGTON. June 4.-A distin
guished party left Washington to-night
for Buffalo in a spe<-i;,i train of three
cars, in charge of Major Jobn B. Guthrie
<'f th.- Fifteenth Infantry. It consisted
of: The Mexican Kmbassador, Senora
roz, and her two daughters; "'aptain
A : fre,] o. Barren, second secretary of
t'n' Mexican embassy; Benor Lazow, th"
malnii Minister. Mr. Vela, his Bee
' . and Mr. Mariano Roma, conimer
attache of th<- legation; Mr. I'ulMo.
Venezuelan Charge d' Affaires; Mr.
Mrs. Yanez, Dr. Merou, the Arpcn
•i:;<- Minister, and his wife; Mr. Leger,
laytian Minister, Mine. Leger ami
Mr. Alfred Leger; Mr. Asls-Brazll, the
■'inn Minister, Mr. Lima, his secre
ajid Mrs. Lima; Mr. Calvo, the
Costa I.;, an Minister, his wife and daugh
ter, and Mr. Hi<-,,;-,|r, |«!, :ias brother of
T< lident ol I'nsta Rica, who is .1 ca
• the Annapolis Naval Academy;
Senor Inante, Charge d' Affaires of the
< hilean legation, with his wife and two
- ladies, and Senor Balmaceda, sec
!• tary of tin- legation.
The party war accompanied by ex
•>f State John W. Fostf-r and
Mrs. Foster, Asslsiant Secretary liill of
the Department ■■!' Btate and .".Irs Hill
William Elroy Curtis and Mrs. <'urtlsi
Mr. Michael, <hi. t <■;, r k of the Depart
ment of State, and Mrs. Michael
They visit Buffalo as guests of the
presli ■: recti rs of the Fan
; American Exposition, which Is to
be held from May to November,
jin 1901, t.i view the grounds and
to make the acquaintance or the people
They will be entertained at a banquet]
an excursion to Niagara
Falls. The party will be met at Buffalo
by the Consuls General at New fork of
the various Central and South American
republics and General Bonilla, Presl
; dent 0! Honduras.
GOLDEN TUNNEL MINE
PROVES A BONANZA
Million Dollars' Worth of Ore in
Sight in a Claim in the Cascade
Mountains.
TACOMA, June 5. The Golden Tunnel,
discovered la;-\ summer In th<> Cascade
mountains, ha.« developed Into a paying
mine so quickly as io make the property
the mining wonder of the northwest Two
of the three men who located it Bold their
Interests without knowing its value. They
thought the bright yellow <iirt al the bot
tom of the cave was mountain «oat
■ruano. Somebody assayed this <iirt and
found it to be disintegrated quurtz, aver
aging $21 to the ton in fine gold. A syn
dicate was then formed and the property
purchased. Henry Olsen, one of the lo
cators, was in Alaska al th»- tim<> of the
Bale. On his return he refused to be
bound by the terms named by his part
ner and held out until (25,000 was paid to
him a few days ago.
The property comprises a vein from us
to 80 feet wide, running 3000 feet up an
almost perpendicular mountain slope. The
discovered tunnel or cave is located in
the vein a thousand feet below the moun
tain apex. The floor of the cave is cov
ered by 4000 tons of ore already mined.
Figuring on the lowest assays, the ore
in Sight will yield over a m'.llion dollars.
A tramway railroad is belnp completed
and roller stamps of a pattern just
adopted at the Anaconda copper mine are
being put in. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1809.
CHAMPION RESTS
ON THE SABBATH
Fitzsimmons Does No
Training.
CELEBRATES HIS BIRTHDAY
THIRTY-SEVENTH MILE POST
REACHED.
He Announces His Weight at 158
Pounds, While Jeffries Will En
ter the Ring at About 204
Friday Night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 4.— "80b" Fitzsim- j
mans did not go to church to-day, but he
i respected the Sabbath, as he always does
' when training for a glove contest. He
rested. His exercise consisted of reading,
| playing with his children, a bath for him
| self and pony in the bay, a short walk, a
i drive with his wife and an afternoon nap
of three hours.
When seen In the afternoon he had just
awakened from his three-hour sleep. He I
did not appear as though his dreams had j
I troubled him. He sprang from his bed
I like a two-year-old, and his first remark j
i was:
"1 am thirty-seven years old to-day."
j . One could not help but remark that he
i was in a most healthy condition. His
skin is slightly tanned, but he has that
healthy, ruddy glow underneath the tan
that always marks good condition. No
i mistake can be made by saying that he
j Is in even better condition than he was at
I Carson City two years ago.
"Fitz" is carrying a slight cut on the
bridge of his nose, where it came in con
tact with Kenney'e cheekbone during Sat
urday's work. The nose is swollen some- j
what, but compared with the cut on Ken-
I ney's eye it is but a scratch, for Kenney <
| has a cut under the eyebrow that is as i
I zigzag as a streak of lightning.
•1 thought my nose was broken," said
"Bob," "'wnen we struck each other. It j
v, .is purely an accident and happened in a I
! cllncn. Poor Jvenney— he reeled around :
like a decapitated chicken. My nose must |
be very hard to stand such a crash and ,
inflict "the wound it did on Kenney. He \
1 has not shown up since it happened, but 1 ;
hope he does, lor he is a good man to i
I work with." ■ ' : •
, In speaKing of his intentions during the. !
I fight, ne saiu he would try to win as soon i
I as possible.
! ■•ii i can settle the affair in one round
! I shall do so. Ihe pictures do not concern
! me a little bit, tor there is no money in
! them. Julian and Brady were given an
1 exhibition of the light on Saturday nignt
j in the Manhattan 1 neater, and they crura
that good pictures can be taken, but there
i will not be much of a picture if 1 can put.
an nd to Jeffries in the early moments of
I me contest."
■ As !• itzsimmons was pulling his waist \
! belt around him he called attention to the ,
; , tact that he nad lost about twelve pounds j
"1 was at 17u pounds before i started
I training," said he, "and now 1 weigh
': i about 108. You see 1 have taken up four
1 holes in my waist belt."
Compared with the character of work
! that he has performed since he began to j
, get into shape for the big battle. Jeffries' i
exercise at his training quarters in As- I
bury Park to-day was rather mild. In- I
Stead of working hard at several forms |
of athletic exercise morning and after- |
; noon, as has been his custom since he j
: began training. Jeffries confined his work i
i to the forenoon and took things easy in !
| the afternoon, going out for a long drive
| around the country. -. .}-.
--', His forenoon was by no means dull. The
I big boiiermaker started the day by work
; ing the wrist machine and pulling weights
; for a half hour. This exercise over, Jef
i fries immediately went for a road run, !
I accompanied by his brother "Jack" and
I "Tommy" Ryan. Ross O'Neill, mounted
! on a bicycle, acted as pacemaker for the
j party. The course Selected for the run
: was from the training "quarters to Holly
j wood and return. The pace on the out- ,
i ward journey was very mild, Jeffries
! merely jogging along, but on the return
i trip racing speed was maintained. Jef
| fries finished good and strong.
Thu big fellow immediately after the ;
run visited the gymnasium and tossed :
: the medicine ball about for twenty min
utes, finishing with skipping the rope 1200
times. At tne conclusion of the latter
exercise Jeffries received a rubbing down ,
and then read the morning papers. After
dinner he "loafed" around for a while
and chatted with some visitors, going for
i a drive with Ryan at 2:30 o'clock.
Jeffries said his work in the future;
i would be rather easy. He would work
if he felt like it, otherwise he would not. j
"You see," said the boilermaker, "I am ]
' now as fit as it Is possible for me to me. !
1 I am down to the weight I made up my
! mind to reach— 2o4 pounds— and there is j
| not an ounce of superfluous flesh on my
■ body. I am very strong and never felt
better in my life. If I continue violent
! exercise longer it might do me more ■
I harm than good. I will take things very
1 easy until Friday night, when 1 go Into
the" ring with Fitz.'.'
"Mike" Donovan, coaching instructor
I for the New York Athletic Club, was
! among the Jeffries visitors to-day. He j
i intended to spar several rounds with the
j Californlan during the afternoon, but as
jeffrlfs decided to go driving, Donovan
1 agreed to remain at Asbury over night
1 and don the gloves with the big fellow
| to-morrow.
FAMILY OF THE FUTURE
SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE
NEW YORK, June 4.— A Washington*
Bpecial to the Herald says: As Represent
ative David B. Henderson of lowa threat
i ens to make a runaway race of the con
: test for the Speakership, the bright light i
: of public Interest will be focused on his !
family and the part it may play in the ;
social world of the- national capital. .
The wife of the. Speaker of the House !
is entitled to a high social position in j
Washington, but if Mrs. Henderson j
achieves social prominence in the. event of
1 her husband becoming Speaker she will do
What Mrs. Heed, Mrs. fri.«p, Mrs. Car
lisle and Mrs. Blalne failed to do whila j
: their husbands held office. Widely known
as arc t lie last two names, their social i
fanv was not established until their hus
bands became members of the Cabinet.
Mr Henderson Is partial to. social fes
tivities, and he is a welcome guest at any
dinner table or social function. Good din- |
nera and card parties are his favorite ]
forms of amusement, and nothing; would
please him better than that his wife and
daughter should show a fondness for sim
ilar pleasures, combined with a genuine |
weakness for afternoon teas and recep
! tions.
Mrs. Henderson is a woman of small
Stature and youthful appearance. Whr-n
surprise is expressed by her new-made i
acquaintances that she has a married
daughter and grandchildren. Mrs. Hen
derson explains with a laugh: "Our
daughter was prematurely married."
Guard McDonald Recovers.
SAN QUENTTN PRISON, June <.—
Guard James McDonald, who was stabbed
by Convict Jacob Oppenhelmer on May IC,
has recovered from his wounds so rapidly j
that he was able to leave the hospital and j
visit his family this morning. The fact
that the guard is yet alive is due In pre:tt j
measure to the diligence exercised by i
Director James 11. Wllkins in engaging •
th.- services of a trained nurse. A pris
oner named David Hill was a valuable j
assistant of Dr. Lawlor in raring for the
wounded man. Dr. I,awlor himself visited i
the sufferer no less than 110 times before
McDonald was permitted to visit his fam '
ily. The joy or the wife and children of
the man who for a week hovered on the
brink of the grave was touching.
To Visit Alaskan Points.
CHICAGO. June 4.— Senator Fairbanks
Of Indiana and Comptroller of the Cur
rency Dawes, with their wives, left to
day for Seattle. Wash., where they will
embark On Admiral Dewey's former dis
patch boat, the McCulloch, for a visit to
Alaskan points.
AN ABSENT FRIEND SENDS
MONEY TO THE DEWEY STATUE
Mayor Phelan is In receipt of the following telegram from Hon. John
Barrett, Ex-United States Minister to Slam:
"NEW YORK, June 3, 1899.
"Mayor Phelan, San Francisco:
"Subscribe twenty-five dollars for the Dewey monument. San Fran
cisco and Montpelier, his native town, have the ideal conception for
honoring him and perpetuating his memory. Knowing the admiral's
character well from long acquaintance at Manila, I am sure the monu
ment will please him more than any house funds or hundred-dollar-a
plate dinners. JOHN BARRETT."
FORGET CAUSES
A SENSATION
AT UNION PARK
Wins the Stake Over
Many Favorites.
DAY OF UPSETS AND TUMBLES
CONNEMARA MET PRONOUNCED i
DEFEAT WITH LUXOR.
Shortenders Pulled Down Money at
All Stages of the Game.
Hares Run Like
Demons.
Forget created a sensation at T'nion
Coursing Park yesterday. The clever
hound worked Its way through the final
and took the stake, while only a few of
the venturesome had money on it In the
"long odds" end of the betting, where
pools sold yesterday at something like 1
to 2,">. Connemara, Luxor, Lowlander,
Mac's Melody and plenty of other stake
winners were on the card, but it seemed
a day for surprises and upsets and they
all went down at one stage or another
of the game.
The second round of the open stake
contained ten short-enders and the talent
tumbled down fearfully. In the fifth
round Connemara, which was predicted as
the stake-winner, fell down before Luxor,
and in the next course Luxor met de
feat in a chase with Maori Land. The
fraternity went wild, as Connemara was
a 1 to 1 favorite, and Luxor, in the fol
lowing run, was a 3 to 1 favorite. For
get, who had put out Quick Stitch in the
iifth round and slipped along with a bye
in the sixth, went to slips in the final
with Ma^ri Land and captured the lirst
money.
The hares were spry and enduring.
Some of the chases were extremely seji
satiqnal and afforded much amusement
to the spectators. Grenada and Belle
Claire followed the rabbit for over three
minutes, and when the latter came to
meet Maori Land she had to be with
drawn. O X Capitol and Crawford had
had another long course, and O X, who
proved to he a stayer, pot the flag. The
fence recently erected at the south end
Of the field tends to drive the dops and
their game toward the center of the en
closure and excellent grandstand work
frequently occurred. The course between
Forget and Sportsman was short. Oon
nemara showed up well during the game.
Speed was shown by many of the dogs,
and alto-ether the day's sport was rated
above the average.
Luxor led Connemara and stood his
ground well. At one time Dean's dog was
on the hare and made a bold attempt to
kill, but only placed the other dog. Maori
I and won over Luxor by a fluke.
Statesman, after defeating Pastime, se
cured the decision over Terronlte in the
unfinished extra stake.* The following
are the results:
Open stake, second round— Mountain Beauty
beat Blackette (withdrawn): Lord Byron beat
Mercy May; Crawford Braes beat Maid of the
Hill; Twin City Girl beat The Devil; Lowlander
beat Flush: "Maori Land bent Beau Peep;
Grenada beat Walt a Little; Quiekstltch beat
Thirty Emma; Belle Claire beat Ida; .-'!. Michael
beat Maggie N; O X Capitol beat Snapshot;
Crawford Lad heat Henicla Hoy; Forget beat
Tod Sloan; Sportsman beat Victor: Old Glory
beat Susie: Minerva beat Victor Queen; I/oe;
Hoy brat Rollicking- Airs; Connemara beat
Mac's Melody: Rusty Gold beat Kmin Pasha:
Motto beat Silver Lynn: For Glory beat May
Queen: Luxor beat Victor King.
Third round— Lord Byron beat Mountain
Beauty: Crawford Braes boat Twin City Girl:
Maori Land beat I.*>w!an<ler: Belle Claire beat
Grenada: Qulckntltctl beat St. Michael; O. K.
Capitol beat Crawford Lad; Forget beat Sports
man; Old Glory beat Minerva; Connemara beat
I*.:; Hoy: Rusty Gold beat Motto; Luxor beat
For Glory.
Fourth round— Lord Byron beat Crawford
WAR IS NOW RAGING
ON TELEGRAPH HILL
The Crofton and Badaracco Famihes
Enter Into a Bitter Feud.
TUX peace and quiet of Telegraph Hill are things of tho past. The hill
district has been rudely disturbed, and deadly guerrilla warfare now
strikes terror deep Into the hearts nf the residents thereof. The trouble
began early yesterday morning, and before the fogs of the afternoon
had settled upon the hill, two families that have for these many years
been upon the friendliest of terms had been estranged. As it now
stands, the houses of Badaracco and Crofton have swYirn a deep vengeance
against each other. They have buried the pipe and dug up the hatchet, and
from tho present indications the famous feud of the McCoys and Hatflelds
of Kentucky will be regarded as child's play compared to this.
The first inkling of trouble on Telegraph Hill came to the surface yester
day morning, when "Jimmy" Crofton walked into the Harbor Hospital and
announced that he had been shot hy another boy on Telegraph Hill, whose
name he refused to toll. Dr. H. O. yon der I.ieth made an examination of
Jimmy's injuries. He found two nails in his right arm. Jimmy said that
his enemy had loaded his pistol with blank cartridges, and had then put a
nail in the pistol and tired at him. The doctor removed the nails and dressed
the arm, and all during the operation Jimmy was swearing vengeance
against his assailant. He said that a few days ago he borrowed a nickel
from the other boy. which he was to have returned yesterday. He acknowl
edged the justness of the debt, but declared that when the young Shylock ac
costed him yesterday and demanded the return of the loan, that he was un
able to comply with his request, whereupon the money-lender blazed away at
him twice, both shots taking effect.
Jimmy had departed from the hospital about an hour or so. when Benja
min Badaracco. a citizen of sunny Italy, appeared upon the scone, bringing
with him his son, Paul. Paul. too. had been in a fracas. He had not been
defending his country, but he had been shot, for the side of his face re
sembled the top of a tin pepper box Paul's would-be destroyer was
"Tommy" Crofton. a brother of Jimmy. When Tommy learned that his
brother had been wounded he went on the warpath on general principles. He
declared that he had to shoot somebody just to avenge Jimmy. The first
person he met was Paul, and he fired at short range. Paul's father would
not let the doctor dress his son's face because he said that he was going
to get out a warrant to-day, and he wanted the judge to see the powder
marks.
An Investigation into the state of affairs on Telegraph Hill yesterday
revealed the fact that the small boys were divided Into two factions, one
headed by the Croftons and the other by the Badaraecos. All of the boys
seemed to be well supplied with pistols. Their ammunition consisted of
blank cartridges, but they made these effective by putting nails and gravel
Into their weapons. They were blazing away at each other, and it was
worthy of note ihat Paul and Jimmy were doing good valiant work.
Neither side had gained any advantage when darkness put an end to the
fight. Jimmy said that war had been declared because Paul Badaracco had
been shot by his brother. He admitted that he owed a boy a nickel, but he
was wroth over the manner In which that individual had attempted to col
lect the debt. He was honest enough to state that his brother Tom was
not justified in ihootlng Paul In order to avenge him.
All of the young combatants are under twelve years of age. The police
have taken no cognizance of the hostilities, but they are prepared at any
tlme to assail the hill and restore peace.
Braes; Maori Land beat Belle Claire (with
drawn); Quickstitch beat O X Capitol; Fnrnret
beat Old Glory; Connemara beat Rusty Gold;
Luxor ran a bye.
Fifth round— Maori Land beat Lord Byron;
Forget beat Qulckstltch; Luxor beat Conne
mara.
Sixth round— Maori Land beat Luxor; Forget
ran a bye.
Final — Forget beat Maori Land.
Extra stake, fourth round— Statesman beat
time; Terronite beat Mose.
Final— Statesman beat Terronite.
»
COURSING AT LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGELES, June 4.— At Agricul
tural Park there was the usual crowd to
witness the coursing. It was a 32-dog
open stake, and was won by Moloch, with
Duty second and Stella R third. The sport
throughout was good and interest sus
tained until the last course was run.
WAS KILLED BY A
TRAIN IN MONTANA
William J. Kelly, who was killed by a
train near Mlsscula, Mont., was a resi
dent of thi3 city. His sister's picture
was found In his pocket when the life
less body was picked up.
The young man resided at 14 Natoma
street with his father, sister and
younger brother, and left home last July
to visit St. Louis, Mo., where he was
born. The family is heart-broken over
the affair, especially as the particulars
of his killing are very meager. No fui
ther information has been received at his
home, and the manner of his death is
as yet nuTe conjecture.
Chief of Police Lees received a tele
gram from the Mlssoula authorities for
information as to the dead man's con-
w. j. kelly.
nections. The sister. Miss Kate Kelly,
Visited the City Hall yesterday and was
considerably disappointed at not receiv
ing any information on the matter.
The father, when seen at the home yes
terday afternoon, expressed himself as
much worried over the affair.
"We are at a loss." ho said, "to ac
count for my son's sudden taking off. He
left us in the best of spirits with the in
ti tition of obtaining employment as a
plumber in St. Louis. Before leaving he
Informed his sister, to whom he was de
votedly attached, that lie was going to
marry a young lady in Keswlck, Shasta
County, bui I do not think he carried
out his intention. He has not communi
cated with us very much since he left,
but his letters were always hopeful. He
was twenty-seven years of age and was
very careful about himself. This care
he exercised to a greater extent ever
since a friend of his, Charles Kilday by
name, was killed a few years ago while
they were both working on a scaffold at
tached to a house at the corner of Geary
and Octavia streets. The scaffold brok'o
and Kilday was hurled head downward
to the ground. That accident made a
deep Impression on my son, and it seems
strange that he should have met with a
similar fatality."
AN OLD COUPLE
DESPOILED BY
PICKPOCKETS
A Bold Gang "Works"
a Picnic Crowd.
WILLIAM DAVIDSON'S LOSS
HE AND HIS WIFE RELIEVED OF
THEIR VALUABLES.
Another Woman Cleverly Touched for
a Diamond Cross — Police Are
Now Looking for the
Thieves.
A prang 1 of pickpockets successfully
"worked" the crowd while attending the
picnic at Schuetzen Park yesterday. At
least a dozen men and women were robbed
b> the light-fingered gentry.
Last evening William Davidson, an
elderly man, and his wife visited police,
headquarters and reported that they had
been relieved of their valuables while re
turning from the picnic. They were
seated in one of the coaches, and when
near the Oakland mole Mr. Davidson
• missed a valuable diamond stud which
adorned his shirt front.
He Quickly informed his wife of his
| loss and started out to find the thief.
I During his temporary absence Mrs.
1 Davidson plated her hand in her dress
■ pocket to got her handkerchief whi n she
: was startled to find that her purse had
; also been taken by one of the pickpockets.
i As soon as her husband returned to his
j seat she excitedly told him of the loss of
■ her valuables. The purse contained a
! valuable Masonic emblem, a diamond
rir.g and $^ in silver.
While the aged couple were bemoaning
their jewelry and money, two other
women complained that they had been
cleverly robbed of their purses. A young
woman, who gave her name as Mrs.
Reynolds, declared that she had been
"touched" for a diamond cross, which she
wore close to her throat. On the return
Of the train to this city. Mrs. Reynolds
hastened to police headquarters, where
she gave a description of the stolen cross
to Captain Bohen.
It is said that a number of other people
were similarly robbed of their purses and
j jewelry by the thieving gang.
The police are Inclined to believe that
■ the pickpockets who lobbed the returning
picnickers belong to the same gang that
j recently attempted to operate at the
Chutes and Golden Gate Park. They were
accompanied by two flashily dressed
young women, who assisted them in their
thieving work.
Last evening Chief Lees was informed
that one of the pang had been arrested in
Oakland. Nothing of an Incriminating
nature was found on him. Detectives
; Egan and Gibson have been instructed to
: round up the gang.
CONEY-NORDMAN WEDDING.
Groom and Bride Well Known in San
Francisco.
The parlors of the California Hotel were
the scene of a very pretty wedding last
evening. Miss Tlllie Nordman and Dr.
David M. Coney were united in matri
mony, Rabbi Nleto officiating.
Miss Nordman is the daughter of Joseph
Nordman. the senior member of the
wholesale jewelry firm, Nordman Bros.,
rme of the pioneer houses of this city.
The groom is a young dentist, who has
won a position in his profession.
After the ceremony the eighty guests
sat dtfwn to an elaborate wedding dinner.
A musical programme had been pre
pared, the chief feature of which was the
numbers rendered by the Boston Saxo
phone Quartet. Many toasts were offered
to the young couple, speeches and songs
made happy interludes to the numerous
courses and a general jollity prevailed.
The Coneys will leave for the south on
an extended honeymoon.
■ ♦ ■
MUST OBEY THE LAW.
Captain Spillane Instructs His Men
to Watch the Cafe Royal.
"Willis Schmidt, the 15-year-old boy who
was arrested in the Cafe Royal Saturday
nitrht was taken to Sonoma yesterday,
where he is wanted for stealing 1 a horse
and buggy.
Captain Spillane is indignant that the
proprietor of the Cafe Royal should al
low a boy of young Schmidt's tender
years to visit the place. Last evening
he instructed his men whose beats are
in the vicinity of the Cafe Royal to make
frequent visits to the saloon and compel
the proprietor to strictly obey the ordi
nance relative to allowing boys to enter
such places.
. o. ■
BARRED BY DEFECTIVE EYES.
Nephew of General Merritt Prevented
Entering West Point.
WEST POINT. N. V.. June 4.— Of the
fifty-five candidates examined yesterday
physically fur admission to the Military
Academy only three were rejected — Mar
tin of Indiana. Warrack of Alabama and
Merritt, at largo. Young Merritt is a
nephew of General Wesley Merrltt. He.
was rejected on account of his eyes, but
probably will be given another examina
tion later. There are about 175 candidates
yet to be examined as to their physical
fitness.
®4® 4® 4- ®f® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4®4® 4-®-f®4® 4 ®4 ®4® 4 ®4® 4 ®4®4® 4 ®4®4®
+ ±
® ' ®
I CURED RHEUMATISM.!
(•) ®
i I
$ OZ\ Dr. Mclaughlin's Electric I
! WiM&o&s^.u Belt A B ain Proves Its ♦
1 W^V^M Great Value. It Cures 1
* ; Bw^Wt^Hll!' When Everything |
1 -Hi^^^wP Else Fails. 1
; ®
(i) '/' {} I PORT KENYON (Humboldt Coun- ®
X I ! ' ty, Cal.), May 25, 1899.— Dr. M. A. -£
jfa •- McLaughlin— Dear Sir: From the ®
I V first moment your Electric Belt clasped my waist I began to get well, and am 4.
X now entirely cured of sciatic rheumatism. I owe my strength and happiness fa
Y^ to your Belt, and hope others who suffer will open their eyes and see the V
■♦• benefit it will be to them. Yours truly, HARRY PERRY. "♦"
i DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT 1
"x ■ This grand Belt has cured four thousand people in California during the ■♦•
W past live years. It cures Nervous and Vital Weakness, Rheumatism. Lame ®
4- Back and Kidney Troubles. It cures many of the worst forms of Nervous -+■
fa Debility after all else fails. ' ' - 'C®i
® IT WILL CURE YOU. I
4- Stop drugging if it does not help you. and the money that you would pay 4-
fa a doctor in one month will buy this famous Belt. It is worth its weight in ®
4. gold, for it saturates the weakened body with new life, new vigor, new 4.
(jj manhood. . @
4- V^ SEVD F->/t "THREE CLASSES OF MEN." 4-
flt is a very valuable treatise on the restoration of strength. It will point (•)
■£ out a means by which you can become strong. It is sent sealed, free to any "♦"
® address, or can be had on application at the office. . ®
+ Don't put it off. Act to-day in a matter which concerns the happiness not +
® only of yourself, but of your family and friends, of your future. You should ®
I •♦■ not delay. Call or address * a
I ® X
X Tim M A MaT rtii»Uli'»« 708 Market St., oor. Kearny. 8. F. ; V
i dy. Itl, A. iVicLaugnlin, B«aiekßi 8! k «•. s^ s diß t^i ±
"♦■ O ' Sti., Los An^elei. v;
® Office Hours— a.m. to 8:30 p.m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. NEVER SOLD IN DRUGSTORES, fa
4- , • . X
«>*s>4<34-®+®i®;f®*®+®4<»)4®+®4<:>^
BLUE RIBBONS
THE REWARD
OF WHEELMEN
Race for Benefit of
Louis Gimm.
SOME SENSATIONALCONTESTS
OLYMPICS AND BAY CITY
WHEELMEN BREAK EVEN.
Harry Anthony, Flying the Winged
0, Carries Off Honors in Scratch.
Bace, Arthur Davidson
Winning Handicap
With no greater reward than bits of
blue ribbon to show for their efforts,
three score sturdy limbed wheelmen,
raced on the Olympic Club track, south,
of Golden Gate Park yesterday, with as
much enthusiasm as though the fate of
nations depended upon their efforts. The
occasion was the benefit tendered Louis
Gimm, the six-day rider who was stricken
down during the recent race in Mechanics'
Pavilion.
The programme was short, but interest
ing, and through the efforts of George
Dlxon it did not drag. The men entered
irto the spirit of the occasion, showing 1
seme grand sport. With the possible ex
ception of Walter ana Arthur Davidson,
there was an entire absence of the hit
men. They were not missed, as those on,
th< programme rode gamely and
desperately, those in attendance cheering
them on. The gathering was a friendly
one, being composed chiefly of members
of the various clubs.
Louis Gimm, the beneficiary, was warm
ly greeted when he stepped forward to
start the first race. He was cheered again
when he pinned the ribbons on the breasts
of the successful athletes.
The final of the nandlcap was won
cleverly by Harry Anthony. The pace
was easy until two laps to go. when the
ultimate winner started his effort. White
stalled him off until the last corner, when
Anthony slipped by and won cleverly by
a wheel's length.
Arthur Davidson caught his opponents
asleep in the handicap. Before they
realized how matters siood he had gained
a commanding lead, oi which they could
not deprive him.
The comedy element was supplied by
some Japanese riders, who had to bo
shooed off the track by Captain Spillane,
the younger, and big John Eliott before
they" would retire. The results in detail
follow:
Half mile open: First heat— Won by E. Mc-
Neaa 0 C. W.; Robert Coulter, C. C. C. sec
ond; A. H. Agnew. Acme, third. Time. 1:00 1-5.
Second lieat— Won by Harry Anthony, O. C.
W Walter Davidson. B. C. W., second. Time,
1:11 1-5. Third heat— Won by Thomas White. O.
C, W ; W. B. LonrwiH, B. C. W., second; H.
E Warren, B. C. W., third. Time, 1:08. Fourth
heat— Won by Arthur Davidson, B. C. W.; C.
Bailey, A. C. W., second. Time, 1:06 1-.",. Fiftli
heat— Won by Frank Carroll, O. C. \V ; Walter
\(tnew Acme, second Time, 1:19 2-5. Final
heat— Won by Harry Anthony, O. C. W.; T. 11.
White O. C. W.. second; L. Livingston, un
attached, third. Time, 1:14.
One mile handicap: First heat— Won by V..
McK*BS, O. C. W., 40 yards; K. Coulter, C. ' '.
C. 75 yards, second: P. Nace, C. C. C, 100
yards, third. Time. 2:lfi. Second heat— Won by
Arthur Davidson. B. C. W,, 2.". yards; Harry
Anthony. O C. W., 6d yards, second; A. 11.
Agnew " Acme, 40 yards, third. Time. 2:41 4-5.
Third heat— Won by Wult.-r Davidson, B. C.
W 13 yards; Thomas White, O. C. W., 40
yards second. Time. 2:21 2-0. Fourth heat-
Won by Frank Carroll. O. C. W.. 60 yards; L.
Dezert. B. C. W., T."> yards, second. Time.
2:20 2-5. Fifth heat— Won by L. Livingston,
unattached, S5 yards; Walter Agnew, Acme, 75
yards second. Time. 2:17. Final heat— Won by
Arthur Davidson. B. C. W.. tS yards: R. Coul
ter C C C, 75 yards, second; E. McNess, O.
C. W.. 40 yards, third. Time, 2:23.
Two-mile tanden handicap — Won by McNess
and Anthony. O. C. W. ; Longwill and Dezert,
H C. W., second. Time, one mile, 2:08; two
miles. 4:26 4-5.
Japanese race, one mile— Won by Frank Kito,
George Yamadl second, Oscar Hatruml third.
STORE-WINDOW THIEVES.
Frank Smith and Jimes O'Connor
Arrested on a Charge or
Burglary.
A bold daylight burglary occurred yes
terday on Sixth street near Market, and
through the vigilance of Policeman J. J.
Riloy the two burglars were arrested and
locked up in the City Prison.
About 4 o'clock In the afternoon some
boys saw two young men break the win
dow of a jewelry store on the west sii<>
of Sixth street, near Market, and take
some articles which were displayed in the
window. They notified Officer Riley and
he found the two burglars in the Good
fellows' Exchange saloon. Ho arrested
them and took them to the City Prison,
where a charge of burglary was booked
against them.
One of them gave the name of Frink
Smith and the other James O'Connor.
When searched eight fob chains and elev
en gold chains were found in Smith's
pockets and three fob chains and one gold
chain In O'Connor's pockets. Both men
are unknown to the police, and O'Connor,
who was considerably under the influence
of liquor, said that Smith had given him
the articles found on him.
Visalia's Woman Journalist.
VISALIA. June 4.— Tulare County now
boasts a woman journalist. Miss Marie
Hicks has purchased the Union-Herald.
She will be business manager and chief
editorial writer.
34
gffr| %iS^^@ml
M0NDAY.. :.......'................. JUNE 5, 1899
JOHN D. SF'RECKELS, Proprietor.
Address Ail Comrr.unications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
[PUBLICATION OFFICE ...Market and Third St»., S. F
Telephone Main 3S6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
DELIVERED BY CARRIERS, 1 ' CENTS PER WEEK.
Tern Portape:
DAILY CALL,, (including S'inday Call), one year 90.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday Call). 6 months Ji.oo
DAILY CALL t ir.cludins Sunday Call), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— J3y Rlnple m -.ui '»5c
6UJVDAY CALL One Year *•!*<>
WEEKLY CALL. Ore Tear 1.00
.All pnstnasters are authorized to receive piihecriptions.
San ; copies will be forwarded when requested.
OAKLAiSD OFFICE 903 Broadway
ISEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
C. GEO KKOGISLSS. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON D. C.) OFFICE Wellington Hotel
C. C. CAHLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquetto Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery streat. corner Clay
cpen until 9:30 o'clocK- 387 Hayes street. OD«n until
930 oclocK- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LcrKln street, open uniil 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2£9' Market
street, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street. op«n
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — A New Comedy.
<".ran.l Opera House— •"The Pirates of Penzance" and "I'Pas-
■
fomla •" and "I'PagH ■■
Chutea />>•> and Free Theater- Vaudeville every after-
Coon an>i evening.
Olympia— Corner Mason and Ellis streets— Specialties.
Interstate Panorama Co.. Market street, near Eighth-Bat
t!e i f Manila Hay.
Putro Baths-^Swimmlng Races, 1 etc. ____________
AUCTION SALES.
By C. P. Troy & Co.— This day, at . and S p. m., Chi-
r.ese and Japanese Goods, at 33 Geary street.
By Easton Eldrldse & Co.— This flay, at 10:30 a. m. and
2:30 r>. in., Turkish Rugs, at 125 Geary street.
Hy P. Watkins— Monday. June o. at 11 o'clock. Horses, at
corner Tenth and Bryar.t streets.
By Easton. Eldrldee A: Co.— Tuesday, June 6. at 12 o'clock,
••
By Well's Russell <£ Co.— Thursday. June 2°. at 10 a. m..
_<•■■> m.--r M:.-.<i;-,n avl • ..... Tlaning Mill Ma^Tiinery.
COMMERCIAL BALLOONING.
NOT for vcars have commerci.il they are 1 been
so promising in California as they are to-day.
I " All down the long list of commodities quoted in
the market reports run-; the uniform statement oi an
active market and good prices. This appnes to both
farm produce and manufactured goods. Ihe onlj
exception throughout the whole list is hay, which has
been the dullest and deadest thing in town for some
weeks. Last year at this time it was selling at $iß@22
per ton; the quotations to-day are less than, half those
of 1898, being $/(£n as average prices, with a large
crop impending. Hay evidently had its boom last
year and is now paying the inevitable penalty, But
otherwise the farmer is doing remarkably well. His
wheat, oats and barley are bringing fair prices, his
potatoes are rising with unusual rapidity with short
supplies, his wool has been selling, off 'like hot cakes
for two months, his cattle, sheep and hogs arc higher
than for vcars. his butter and eggs are above the quo
tations usually ruling at this time of the year, his
poultry has been a profitable investment for some
time and a 3 lor his fruit— it is in the clouds. He is
getting from $.^0 ■■ $50 per ton for his apricots and
from $30 to $45 for his Bartlett pears, and the can
ncrs' agent-, are his eager and deferential customers.
The fruit grower is king of the farmers this year
owing to the February freeze throughout the country
east of the Sierra Nevadas, which played havoc with
fruit everywhere.
Nor is the farmer the only prosperous one. The
merchant is doing a good business, simply because the
farmer is in clover. It all comes back to the man
with the hoe after all. We write pitying poems about
him and draw pictures of him, but sometimes he is
cock of the walk, and this seems to be one of these
times. When the man with the hoe sells his humble
asnaracrus at $2 per box, as he has done this year,
he is making a good deal more money than his city
■ . - ■■•■ . , . . , , , , ,
brother in his counting room, surrounded by sleek
and we'i dressed clerks. Still the city brother is do
ing very well too, at the moment. There is a certain
active demand for goods of all classes which no
body seems able to explain. It comes from every
where, North. South, hast and West, from Manila to
dcniianv and irom Alaska and Siberia to the west
coast. It takes in lumber, groceries, provisions,
canned goods, hardware, produce, machinery, cloth
inc. dry goods — all sorts of things. It really seems
like old times in San Francisco. Vessels nro in :
inand to move this merchandise and freights in some
lines have made r, marked advance, owing to made
<macy of tonriage, which in its turn makes the ship
ping trade as happy as the fanner and the merchant.
In default of an explanation for this remarkable de
■'-■; t r' ' ■■j '' • • 1
mand for goods, it is customary on the street to
ascribe it in general terms to ".McKinir.y prosperity,
which is probably a pretty close guess.
Tlic East, tofi. continues to make a fine exhibit. The
April failures were the smallest ever known, but the
May failures were still smaller. The distributive trade
is generally good througho-.it the country, and in
some sections is lively. The demand for iron passes
all belief. Prices for all kinds of iron and steel
products have advanced sharply, many more furnaces
have gone into blast and yet the famine grows more*
severe, as everybody who buys nails, wire and other
iron products have discovered' ere this. The call for
lumber continues unabated and prices have again been
marked up. Cotton goods are steady, with an in
creased inquiry in spite of higher prices.
The course of the wheat market is puzzling the
country at the moment. The winter crop of the
United States is seriously deficient, and reports of
partial and complete failures have been coming in
thick and fast from Europe, and yet the market is
singularly backward in responding. True, quotations
have advanced somewhat during the past fortnight,
but not nearly as much as the crop reports warrant.
This sluggishness is unaccountable.
Wall street opened the week with a decline, but it
did not last long. Toward the close of the week
prices took an upward turn, and though the hears
made a desperate fight they were forced to hunt for
cover. The announcement that $16,000,000 in gold
had been engaged for export was hailed as a factor
in heir favor, but it had a contrary and curious effect,
!v cased off the London market and thereby created a
buying demand there, which spread to Ampficrji
stocks, advancing their quotations, and thus proved a
boomerang. In fact all over the country, in Wall
.•street, in merchandise and on the farm, prices seem
determined to rise, and nothing apparently is able to
keep them down.
STREET RAILWAY BONDS AND
STOCKS
TIH-: existing securities for the payment of bonds
issued by the Market Street Railway Company
and by each contributing member to its consoh
; , and"th< > of the stock of that company
pare of vital public interest. Both the bonds andjthe
, are now bought and sold in this city, and posst
b!y els< v here, and their value depends upon facts and
upon law that are presumptively within the range ot
ordinary inquiry.
The general law in relation to the issue of bonds by
corporations, and therefore applicable to street rail
. .. i s qualified by constitutional restric
| by corresponding statutory amplification.
Article XII, section n. of the Constitution ot this
ides: "No corporation shall issue stock or
,r money paid, labor done or property
actuallj rec< ived, and all fictitious increase of stock or
indebtedness shall be void." This distinct limitation.
of the Civil Code, was held to
1., pr( ,i tO r3 in ' : ise of Ewing vs. < >roville Mm.
. rted in volume 56 of I »rnia
Reports, p 653, and the ruling was reaffirmed
in Oakland P npany vs. Hilton. 69 Califor
nia Report., page 4^ Subject to this stringent rule
there can be no doubt of the right of the Market
Street Railway Company to guarantee the outstand
ing indebtedness of the various corporations of which
it became the successor, as well as to contract indebt
edness of its own. It has been expressly decided that
tions of that character in the issue of bonds
are entitled to exercise the powers of the original
companies whose property, franchises and debts it
takes and assumes. And in the case of Low vs. the
Central Pacific Railroad Company, 52 California Re
ports, pages 59-60, in which, however. Mr. Justice
McKinstry dissented, our Supreme Court sustained
the 1 • guarantee bonds. The doctrine of ac
or the extension of liens created by trust
ire the payment of railway bonds
so as to include after acquired property, although to
some extent doubted, was upheld in two noted cases
in \,. u - | : : Pennsylvania, and is widely
c prevailing law. This of course is an
- ■ • in estimating railroad securities,
who;, ■ ■ ey they represent is largely applied to
■ 1 of additional track and the enlarge
ment 1 - systems.
in this cially in the Federal courts,
the • f the COl titution for the protection of
- orate bonds, aided by numerous
sub I pre-existing rules, has been rigidly
An example of this kind, somewhat de
pendent upon the language of a legislative enactment,
decision under the Wright Irrigation Act in
the case of Hughson vs. Crane, to be found in 115
Reports, at page 418. In the case of the
nk vs. Pacific Railway Company,
117 California Rep ■ 332-334. ; "i i" ue of
street railway bonds was justified, and the opinion is
an i: exposition of the law on that subject.
Even when an original issue of bonds was of ques
ble legality, but a number of them were trans
ferred to a bona fide purchaser after he ! - I received
factory assurances from the vice president, the
secretary and the attorney of the company that had
put them in circulation, the corporation was bound
under the decision of the United States Circuit Court
for the Southern District of California, in the case
of th< Union 1 ■ in and Trust Company vs. The
S ■■•'■ •■ I . lifornia Motor Company, published in
orter, at page 840. There
are many authorities in support of the right of buna
purchasers of railway bonds Iri open market, and
nice distil I 1 : qualifications affecting those
rights where there was palpable invalidity in the :
or where 1 r-i I bonds,are frequent.
YVhil ■ inclination to maintain the inter
: purchasers is manifest, there are in
stances in which that tendency is controlled by plain
l;.w. The same Federal tribunal already mentioned
in tin ' Farmers' Loan and Trust Company
vs. The San Diego C:>r Company, 45 Federal Re
8, was compelled to throw out bonds
which were not sold, but used by way of pledge to se
cun ■ indebtedness. In Texas, where there
some constitutional features peculiar to that State,
;.n issue of bonds was invalidated because no sinking
fund had been provided for their redemption. This
decision has an important bearing upon some of the
to which we are about to allude.
I: manifestly impossible in a newspaper article
t.i elaboi egal propositions and authorities. But
gh may be concisely presented to suggest cau
tious inquiry and considi ration. It i^ obvious, apart
from the personal liability of stockholders and the
by which irregular corporate pro
ings may often be corrected, that the available
;tr< it railway I I | pend upon the
practical security for their liquidation, and that the
franchises which vitalize the security arc the most
important elements for accurate judgment. It is to
■ I also that the charter of a street
corporation, through which its powers are
conferred by the State, is always to be distinguished
the municipal franchises that, while they last,
constitute the chief factors in the actual value of its
•
Railway Company was inco»"
--1893, for a general street railway
1 0 and in San Mateo County.
It col ted eleven other corporations, among
which the Geary street line- was not included. It lias
since acquired about 60 per cent of the stock in the
corp ■ owning that line, the franchise of whic,h
will expin r 6, 1903, and is thus interested
in tl ount of $671,000 that will ma
ture when the ■ I barter has for years been dead.
But of the eleven corporations embraced in the con
dation c ix had outstanding bonds secured by trust
5, and in relation to this indebtedness the
cond ts are very significant. We will en
deavor succinctly to present them. The Ferries and
Cliff House Railway Company, with many franchises,
ranging from twenty five to fifty years in duration,
of them already expired, others to terminate in
[902, in too.), in i«n 1 and in i<)ij, and two extending
respectively to 1929 and 1031. has outstanding bond-.
to the amount 000 which will mature in 1914.
The Market Street Cable Company, with one fran
chise which expired in [897, another limited to 1904
jeveral which will last from [929 to 1933, is rcpre
■l by bonds to tin- amount of $,^.000,000 that will
, mature in to 13. The ( Mnnibus Cable Railway, with
franchises which will terminate at various periods be
en 1909 and [939, has outstanding bonds aggre
• !,oßs,ooo that will fall due in 101 X. The bonds
of the Park and Cliff House Railway foot up only
.000 and will mature in 191.3. The Park and
Ocean Railroad has outstanding bonds to the amount
1.1 $250,000 that will become due in 1014. The Powell
t Railway's bonds in the market are of the
■mt of $700,000 and will mature in 1912. The sum
if all these bonds is $-.0,15.000.
The entire propi rty and assets of these six corpora
tions, necessarily subject to their secured indebted
ness under the rules established by section 473 of the
Civil Code, passed to the Market Street Railway
Company in 1893. June 28, 1894, that corporation
THE SA"tf FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUKE 5, 1899.
adopted a resolution to create a bonded indebtedness
of $17,500,000. bearing interest at the rate of 5 per
! cent per annum, to cover the obligations of the six
1 companies it had absorbed, to purchase other railways
and .to pay for future construction and equipment.
These bonds will mature in io.-'-i- To secure them, on
July 12, ISO 4. a trust mortgage to the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco was executed, which coy
: cred all the consolidated railways, as well as future
I acquisitions and extensions, ana recited an intention,
i as rapidly as practicable, to retire the bonds of the
six corporations which within the limits of the law
had transferred all their property and franchises.
Since October 13, 1893, the Market Street Railway
Company has obtained additional franchises of its
own and has expended $4,817,000 in construction, to
which amount its bonds have been issued and are in
circulation. But the bonds of the six railways which
it absorbed, after the lapse of nearly six years, are
still listed in the Stock and Bond Exchange and are
daily bought and sold, and while the Market Street
Railway Company has the combined assets and their
exclusive management, beyond the declaration in the
trust mortgage, which apparently has remained tor
pid, the holders of bonds to the amount of $7,035,000
have no other securities than the transferred and
slowly vanishing franchises and property by which
principally the Market Street Railway Company has
secured its own bonds, issued and unissued. What
its ultimate intentions may be it is not possible to con
jecture, but upon its face the situation is not encour
aging and appears to be fraught with peril to the
financial interests of investors. As a business propo
sition there is no evidence that the $12,683,000 of un
issued bonds are to be used for the purposes to which
they were originally intended to be applied. If this be
the fact then before long there may be danger of a
panic in this class of securities.
But suppose the outstanding bonds of the six sub
sidiary and collapsed corporations and of the Market
Street Railway Company be added together and the
! entire indebtedness charged to the latter. The sum
total is $11,852,000, and the question at once arises as
to the provision made for the liquidation of the bonds
due in IQ-4- The trust mortgage, which expressly
authorizes the use of these bonds to the amount of
$10,465,000 for new purchases and for additional con
struction, provides for no sinking or redemption fund
until 1918, and then only at the rate of $160,000 per
annum, which in six years would produce $960,000
to pay obligations to the amount of $11,852,000. By
that time many of the existing franchises will have
lapsed. The result would inevitably be disastrous if
toward the maturity of the bonds the conditions
should be, as every visible indication suggests, that
apart from personal liability or equitable proceedings
the only security left for the bondholders would be
the remnants of perishing franchises and a mass of old
iron and other worn out property.
It i-, simply fair also to bear in mind that the policy
of the New Charter, practicalized in its text, is the
acquisition of public utilities and against renewals,
which, even though they could be certainly antici
pated, would not enter into a financial estimate of the
present or prospective value of securities in this in
congruous condition. The terms moreover on which,
under the coming system of municipal government,
renewals are tol< rated are not favorable to specula
tive operations in street railway bonds. By section 6
of the New Charter not only are street railway fran
, chises limited in duration to twenty-rive years and
ompanied by the exaction of greatly enlarged per
centages on gross receipts, but their indorsement re
quires ;i three-fourths vote of eighteen Supervisors.
which would be exactly thirteen and one-half, and to
Override vetoes by the Mayor in each instance fifteen
would be essential.
There are issued 186,170 shares of the capital stock
of the Market Street Railway Company, on which a
rterly dividend of 00 cents per share, or $111,702
altogether, is paid. The stock is quoted at from '.:'.>
to ''.i.-. It is thus manifest that the original bonds of
six -virtually extinct companies and the bonds of the
iolidation to the amount of at least $11,852,000,
and with the prospect of a large addition for other
\ acquisitions and construction, are secured by the same
property; that the distinct securities for the original
bonds are under the sole control of the Market Street
Railway Company; that the value of these securities
depends mainly upon franchises that will gradually
' revert to the municipality, unaffected by any incum
brances; that no adequate provision for the redemption
of the new bonds has been made, and that, in the face
of these facts, the value of the Market Street Railway
stock is maintained by the withdrawal in the form of
dividends of itscurrent income to the aggregate yearly
amount of $446,808, which at the time of the maturity
of the $17,500,000 of new bonds in i<)_'4, if continued
at the same rate, would reach the enormous sum of
$11,170,200. This is a diversion of funds at the ex
pense of creditors that is simply astonishing.
Unless The Call is greatly deceived it has supplied
conclusive reasons for the projected raid of the street
railway monopoly through corrupt Supervisors, and
has also presented facts and figures which will enable
the community to comprehend the imminent danger
to street railway indebtedness resulting from specu
lative and unfair manipulation.
Residents of the Mission propose to make it still
warmer for the Southern Pacific Company. Having
defeated it in its effort to rush through the double
track franchise, they now propose to compel it to
move its single track and start work on the bay shore
line. When Herrin gets this information maybe he
will not be sorry he spoke.
Commander Shoenfelder of the German warship
Falke has the right now to wear upon his breast the
decoration ot the order of the Eagle for what he re
frained from doing at Samoa. He might have been
wearing the marks of the claws of the eagle of Uncle
Sam had he not refrained.
The Court of Cassation seems to have handed down
another apple of discord in the new judgment of
Paris. The way the French general staff is carrying
on over the Dreyfus affair could never have been du
plicated by any trio of jealous goddesses.
Mark Twain has decided that he will write only two
more books, one not for publication and the other
for remote posterity. What a godsend it would be
for suffering humanity if a large percentage of the
present day authors would decide on a similar course.
It has been suspected all along that John P. Altgeld
was a poor sort of a Democrat. Now it is certain.
lie lias announced his intention of resigning one of
the semi-political jobs he is holding.
It is to be hoped that the smelter owners and em
ployes in Colorado may soon arrive at such an amida
ble arrangement that all their troubles may go up in
the smoke of the big chimneys.
Colonel Tom Ochiltree. who came out of Texas to
rival Eli Perkins, is living up to the reputation he
made in early life. He says he lost heavily on Tod
Sloan's mounts.
The millennium appears to be near at hand. Zola,
acknowledged to be one of the greatest living authors
of fiction, says he is glad that truth prevails.
THE TWO CURRENT
MINING BOOMS
The mining field presents just now two
popular "excitements." and these plctur
i sque things of persistent recurrence al
ways attract more attention than
more Important and legitimate develop
ments in old and rich mining regions.
There is a rush to some alleged redis
covered placers in Lower California, and
in the San Joaquin Valley there is a grea<
oil hoom on, attended by the usual crazy
formation of wild-cat companies by the
hundred, speculation in worthless stocks
and properties, the location, bonding and
buying of miles of desert bills and proph
t cies of sudden fort am b.
The foundation of the oil craze is the
really important development of a small
but remarkable, oil Held, at Oil City, a
few miles from Coalinga, on the western
noV of the valley, in Fresno County. This
is notable as being the first producing
field of Importance developed north of
thi- Tehachapi Mountains after nearly
forty yens of prospecting through the
central ami northern parts of the State.
The storm center of the Txiwer Califor
nia boom is San Diego, from which point
the craze Is ably stimulated in the usual
way by newspaper correspondents and
transportation and other business inter
ests which will profit thereby. In San
Francisco the Mexican Consul-General,
Mr. Coney, is receiving Inquiries about
the field by the hundreds, and from many
points a good Bized rush is fairly on. A
stampede to a new gold field is as easy
to check as a stampede of a great cattle
herd, and the judicious may as well keep
out of its way.
No definite information about the Sierra
Pintada field has been given, and none
seems obtainable from any Bource. In
the columns of newspaper reports that
are published the accounts are l>ut vague
rumors of "millions in sight." No gold
worth speaking of has come out. Consul-
General Coney knows only what is in
the papers, and no mining authorities ac
quainted with Lower California are able
to say anything without visiting the
place. But it requires only vague rumors
to start a mining rush and keep it up un
til the bottom falls out. There may be a
pood deal of gold down there, for the stuff
is where you find it, and there are un
doubtedly plac< b where gravel can be
worked with j>r< 'Tit by the "dry washing
process; but it is certain that nine out of
ten of the rushers will come out of that
desert poorer and thinner than they
went in. The Ybarra Gold Mining Com
pany of this city, which holds large con
cessions and works a good mine sixty
miles from the new field, has sent a re
liable expert, M. G. Rhodes, in, and in
two or three weeks candid reports from
him and others of reliability will show
what there really is there.
In a letter from San I>iego dated May
28 Mr. Rhodes said: "The papers here
are determined to get up a boom. Do not
allow them to carry you off your feet.
There is really little more known about
the mines than when we left the city. \\ c
do not believe last night's report of the
largo amount of gold sent to Guaymas.
The. San Joaquin Valley oil craze Is
nearer home. The lons-standing faith of
Oil exports that profitable oil discoveries
will be made at many places along the
coast range from the Southern oil fields
north clear to Humboldt County is one
help to the boom. The geological for
mations, sandstones and shales, are fav
orable to nil deposits throughout a region
hundreds of miles long, and the thousands
<•!" * • i l s> epages to be seen he-re and there
show the widespread existence of oil. But
an "i! seepage does not indicate an en
closed reservoir of <>il that there is money
in. Mini with a few small exceptions no
borings north of Tehachapi had over pro
duced a. (low of nil until lurk came to two
men who went to bnring at oil City in
1896. For two years there has been an
Increasing amount of prospecting for oil .
in Monterey, San Benlto, Santa Clara.
Han Mateo, Contra Costa an the San
Joaquin Valley counties, and more good
iidds will undoubtedly be struck. The
Sunset nil field of Kern County has pro
duced a little for years, and In Moody's
Gulch, Hunta Clara County, a few barrels
a day have been pumped for twonty years, I
The Oil City region has been We -
of former failures. About twelve years
an English company spent $200,000 In
developing a worthless coal mine near
there, and Coalinga, near Alcalde, the
terminus of the branch railroad forty
miles west of Hanford, was the result. In
i v :>:: the Puerte <>n Company of tx>s An- ;
geles began operations on some oil indi
cations at what is now Oil City, ten
Bliles from Coalinga. They spent about
$30,000 and quit. Others tried and quit, in
1896 C. A. Canfield and J. A. Chanslor,
who had had experience In the Los An
geles fit Id, got financial backing and went
to work with faith and derricks on the
abandoned ground. They struck a quite
r< in.trka.hle BOW of oil last year and have
bi i n shipping over a thousand barrels a
day for some time. Canfield it Chans
lor are already rich. They control the
field and are the "oil kings" of the San
Joaquin Valley. Their brilliant success
naturally got an oil craze fairly going
last winter, and now it is bigger than
ever. Along the foothills of the eastern
Bio] t the coast range from Kern
County north there is a belt <>f n\\ indi
cations and of favorable geological for
mation, and all along this region land
i has been taken by oil operators by the
thousands of acres. It is an arid, deso
late and unpopulated region, but little of
it has escaped,
In Fresno, Visalia, Selmn, Tular<\ Bak
ersfleld and other valley towns companies
have been formed right and left. Tt is
said that in twenty-five days this spring
forty-six companies were incorporated.
' Some are legitimate and promising. Oth
i rs are founded on any old patch of sage
■ brush, and find a lively Held for stork
1 sales. Tt is likely that out of this craze
will come a few good wells In other places '
and a considerable development of the oil
resources of the region, though most of
the stock buyers will get loft.
Therp has been a good deal of boom
stuff written about Oil City. J. H. Means,
field deputy of the State Mining Bureau,
lias returned from a month's study of
that region, and his account is a reliable
statement of the situation. In an inter
view he said:
i» "I spent most of my time at Oil City,
i which Is the only producing district, and
I made brief visits south through Fresno
nmi Kings Counties. There are quite a
good many wells at Oil City, but some
are old and have never produced much
if any oil. Six or eight new wells have
been sunk within two years and they are j
fine producers. As near as I could learn
the present production is from 2500 to 3000
barrels a day, but this could soon be
nearly doubled by sinking old wells deep
er and working produ<crs to their full
capacity. Several are down nearly to
tlie oil sand. I suppose the market limits
the production yet. Five or six drilling
rigs are running and others are being j
pr< pared. About twelve wells could be I
now made productive. The largest is i
down about 1400 feet and flows about 400
barrels a day.
"The half dozen producing wells are all
: flowing wells. The oil is accompanied by
a good deal of gas and it flows with great j
j force. In the strongest wells the Oil
i would shoot perhaps a hundred feet high !
iif given free vent. Borne of the derricks I
show how the oil spurted to their tops '■.
when it was struck. The oil flow is gen- !
erally intermittent. Tt will rush mil for
a few minutes and then for a few minutes j
then will be only a rush of gas. Small
pipes radiate from the capping of the well
casing to tanks and at the tanks the pipes
are anchored down to withstand the re
coil of the Bow as it is turned downward i
in the tank. The well casings vary from !
sr;i5 r ;i to Uv'k inches. The oil comes from j
' deep sandstone strata enclosed by im- !
; pervious clay shales. This has confined
the gns also," and the strong flow is caus
ed by the gas pressure, aided perhaps by
water and rods pressure. The gas is used
for fuel, and no other fuel is used for en
gines, cooking and so on. The oil is very
light and of a greenish color. It is lighter
than the Southern California oils, and it is
claimed to he a better fuel, it has the
usual asphalt base, and its lightness is
due to the fact that its hydrocarbons
have hail no chance to volatilize.
"The oil is all piped ten miles to the
railroad at Coalinga from three tanks
said to have 30,000 gallons' capacity. From
Coalinga it is shipped in tank cars to va- j
rious points north and south. The oil is
all produced in an area not exceeding a
half mile long and a quarter broad, but
a larger territory will doubtless bo made
productive. Many people are boring or
preparing to do so. I think the yield will
ie fairly permanent The extent of the
field is uncertain and will depend on the
prospecting. The geological formation
may be favorable and the geological
structuro not no. The oil may be con
flnej in :i porous stratum and It may
! hay« escaped.
"A Kuoii (1.,,! n f land along that side of
the v;tiiey offers Inducements for pros
pecting and this boom will bring it. In
Tar Canyon in Kings County, west of old
Lake Tulare, a company is putting up
buildthgs and getting ready to drill. A
little north of there four wells are be
ing put down. A good many are prepar
ing for prospecting operations, and no
doubt nomo good strikes will be made.
There is a groat deal of interest in the
Oil tiolds all through that country, and a
gond df;ii of wildcattlng is being done and
much worthless land being whooped up
by promoters. Every fool of land for
miles has been taken up. Oil City is com
posed of a few cabins in a barren desert
region, a^d its water is piped to it from
] the hills to the east. I expect to make
another visit in a month or so."
Everything is favorable for a much
larger spread of the oil fever. New wells
and fields recently brought to the front
in Southern California help stimulate the
interest. The widespread prospecting
1 that is going on in Central and Northern
California can hardly fall to result in oth
er strikes [ike that at Oil City, and then
the interest will be further fired.
It is not generally remembered that
California has had two large oil excite
ments before. One was in 1864-65 and the
other in the 70s. The first one was a
royal craze. Its course can be traced in
a long series; of newspaper clippings of
that day in a r.crap book in the possession
of State Mineralogist A. S. Cooper. It
came as a supplement to the wild Penn
sylvania oil erjize of the early '60's, when
the first Oil City found fame. That craze,
which spread well over the East, caught
California in it fc- tide. Nobody here knew
much about oil then, but attention was
turned to the "indications" to be found
in plenty and r.he sensation was enor
mous. The interesting tale can be but
briefly given here.
The California <>il excitement was as big
East as West. The Eastern papers tnld
extraordinary tales of California oil,
backed by export reports of the marvel
ous oleaginous wealth. Cattle were
drowned right nlong in pools of petro
leum. During ISH and early '6.'. many
great oil stock companies were floated it;
the East. The Philadelphia Railroad and
Mining Register of December 3, W4, said:
"California oil hand shares, subscribed
for in this city at n r " M "> per share, payable
in gold, advanced $600 in gold per share
two days after the subscription books
were filled."
Southern California was the chief sce'io
of these wildcat Ea» tern operations. One
promoter bought a lianta Barbara rancn
for $10,000 and telegri iphod the price, to a
partner, who sold a iialf Interest for ?./\
--000. It was then sol.i for $450,000. Then :t
was made the assets of the California Pe
troleum Company of ;UO.Ooi>.OOft capital. It
was whooped up by the column by the
Eastern Press. In the New York Inde
pendent we find that In one of the eigh
teen springs "'marked l^n. 1 on the map."
there was 144,5< >>,0<X> gallons of oil actually
in sight. To be conservative it was as
sumed that only ten of ;the springs wouid
bo productive. On this assumption there
would be a yearly yield of oil worth
$5,460,000. One-t-nth of the capital stock
was reserved as a working capital an 1
half of it was actually sold at $.V> a share.
Other comp.-mus capitaliied for millions
i helped exhaust the power < >f the language
to portray the marvels of California oil
fields.
But in California itself eoiTipanios were
formed by hundreds. The State was oil
mad from Humboldt to S.-vi Diepo. The
slightest seepage of oil about a spring or
the smell of it in a marsh or elsewhere
was enough to start a rus),h and make
sure that great wealth was .lust below.
The country papers teemed with jiocounts
Of oil discoveries and oil wel; s. A good
sample Is given by the Napa Reporter of
March 25, 11-:",I 1 -:", in an account of a recent
discovery and rush:
"Last w» ek a hired man who was ex
cited by tho reports of oil discoveries in
othor sections of tho State was set dig
ging in the Bwamp for some purpose, in
; a short time? he cried wildly, 'I've struck
i it! I've struck it!' and dropped to the.
■ ground with his head over tho n<= wlymade
hole. On Mr. Goodrich appearing much
: amazed, he was told: 'Here i.s an oil
spring— smell the oil!' holding up a hand
ful of the fresli mud. whose strong kero
sene odor wai- unmistHkaMe i-vjdence.
Measures have been taken for ttv> liuuie
' diate Incorporation of a petroleum com
' pany with a capital stock of $fl00,(l»."
Every county along the coast range
shared in the wild craze. Scores of re
gions where prospect wells are now being
driven were staked out by rushers then.
I Fresno County waa included, of course,
an.] in view of the present craze, j-.nd of
the development of tho first prnn ucing
wells it is of intercut. The Fresno '.rimes
of March 29, 1863, says: "Our last, ad
vices from the oil region in this county
ar.' very encouraging. Tho exciteiment
: remains at fever heat." That might have
been used again last week. Many .-.uu
panles were formed then to work the
Fresno oil fields, but it was destined to
be thirty-live years before oil was really
struck in that promising oil region.
J. O. DLNXy.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Judge J. R. Webb of Fresno is at the
Lick. *
Senator Thomas Flint of San Juan is
at the Grand.
Senator N. B. Scott of West Virginia. Is
a guest at the Palace.
S. W. Taylor and wife and Smith McKay
of Denver are at the Occidental.
D. P. Hatch and William J. Hunsaker
of Los Angeles are at the Palace.
J. O. Carlyle, a mining man of Salmon
River, Idaho, is registered at the Lick.
Alfred A. and Alfred C. Post and R. 11.
Chub of Los Angeles are at the Califor
nia.
B. F. and B. K. G. Butterfield. mine
owners of Sonora, are stopping at the
Rush.
William A. Greer and J. G. Oxnard. the
prominent sugar man of New York, are at
the Palace.
Dr. T. Jeff White and wife came up
from Los Angeles yesterday and are reg
istered at the Lick.
J. J. Gilbert, of the Geodetic Survey, ar
rived yesterday from Washington and is
a guest at the Occidental.
L. A. Crane, a wealthy fruit grower of
Santa Cruz County, was among yester
day's arrivals at the Palace.
J. O. Carlisle, a mining man, arrived
yesterday from the Salmon River, Idaho,
and is stopping at the Lick.
R. Ross. Dr. W. G. Cochran and wife
and Mrs. Winifred R. Hunt of Los An
geles are registered at the Occidental.
Mrs. R. F. Coffin and Miss Henrietta
Coffin of Boise City, Idaho, arrived yes
| terday and are stopping at the Occi
dental.
S. H. Babcock, traffic manager of the
Rio Grande Western Railroad, arrived
! from Salt Lake last evening and is at
1 the Palaco.
. ♦ .
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. June 4.— Dr. Herbert Car
olnn of San Francisco is at the Manhat
tan. A. Gunst and M. Btevena of San
Francisco- have gone to Paris.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES
The navy personnel of Chile numbers
3700 all tnld at the present time, hut can
be increased to 20.000 in time of war.
A burst boiler tube on board the British
torpedo-boat destroyer Earnest while
maneuvering at Qibraltar on May is in
.Hired three men. The boat was built and
engined at Laird's yard, Blrkenhead, in
1896.
The new Chinese cruiser Hai-Tien of
4300 tons and 24 knots speed, built by Arm
strong's at ElßWlck, arrived at Portsmouth
dockyard May 17, and is ready for her
voyage home. The ship will be navigated
by British seamen.
The Harlan & Wolff ship-building- estab
lishment at Belfast is the only lirn f
prominence which has repeatedly declined
to undertake contracts for the British
navy, notwithstanding the invitations ex
tended by the Admiralty.
The Japanese Minister of Marine has
issued a notice to Uae effect that after
May 1 none of the dr.-- 'docks In Govern
ment yards will be available for ships
other than those belonging to the navy.
There has been quite a n timber of private
docks built during the past live years at
the principal ports in Japan and the ne
cessity of governmental assistance In this
direction no longer exists. L ■•
Joseph Parr, a well known naval veter
an, died recently at Sydenh am, England,
in his seventy-fourth year. He had. HKe
that gallant captain, ; Lord Cocnrane,
served under the Hags of four countries.
Beginning in the British navy, he rose
to the rank of chief gunner, find on re
tiring commuted his pension and in 1880
joined the Japanese navy, serving until
1892. Then he entered the Peruvian navy
and a little later took service in the Ar
gentino navy. He returned to England
last year to enlist instructors for the
Argentine fleet and was there seized with
his fatal illness.
Captains Yeh and Sah of the Cl
navy, both of whom are graduat
Royal Naval College at Greenwich, .':
land, and took post graduate cours<
sub-lieutenants in the British I
nean Beet about eighteen years m 1... hi ■■
been summoned to Peking by th< Evn
press Dowager. It is her Intention I
led one of the two captains to beeom
admiral of the now Peiyang squadron.
This squadron will consist by August next
of siXj speedy cruisers of 3500 to 4500 tons
and a number of torpedo boats and gun
boats, all of which have been built in
Germany and England, and will, no doubt,
ultimately fall into the hands of the "bar
barians" or the "white devils" of Europe.
Captain Lieutenant yon Rebuer-Pash
witz, naval attache of the German Em
bassy at "Washington, recently expn d
his opinion of American ships, their con
struction and details, all of which r *
with the captain's approval, although r.T
a somewhat condescending way, whicn,
considering the fact that the actual war
experience of the ships and personnel of
the German navy has yet to be gone
through, takes away much of the. value of
the approbation of this officer. On the
joet of the officer personnel he makes the
following remarks: "The American naval
officers have much technical knowl<
perhaps more than Gorman officers, but it
is a question whether technical know
cannot bo carried too far t luslon
of those larger subjects of strategy, tor
pedo maneuvering, etc. You have just
united the engineer branch with thi
lar line of the navy, so that hereafter all
your naval officers will also have I
steam engineers. That is carrying
nical knowledge ' very far, and will put
such great requirements on your officer
that the results will be awaited with
much interest by students of naval af
fairs. When officers are compelled to
master such a mass of details they have
scant time for considering the larger
questions of attack and d< '1 the
real science of warfare. They become too
mechanical. The great naval command
ers are not merely engineers, but men of
intellectual attainments, thought and
statesmanship, as well as technical
knowledge of ropes and Irons."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A TALL OF NOVEMBER— For a copy
nf The Call Issued last November you
should apply at tho business office.
THE LAST TRICK— R. C, City. In the
game of euchre Hpyle lays down the rule
that "no player has tho right to see any
trick but the last one turned."
TAX HE BE PRESIDENT?— A. C. R.,
City. Religion Is not a qualification for
the office of President of the i
States No matter what his religion may
be, if elected he can take his seat.
CLOSE OF TTIE WAR-JT. W. G., Madi
son, <"al. The war between Spain ar.d the
United States was closed when the treaty
of Paris was signed by both nations.
When the protocol of peace was signed
there was an armistice.
CHORUS GIRLS— A Reader, City. If
y.,u desire t° assist a chorus jfirl, expect
ing instruction in return, you should mike
your wißhes known to the managemi
the place in which the particular chorus
girl you would like to assist is employed.
REVENUE STAMPS— N. W., City.
'What is the value of internal revenue
stamps of the denomination of $5, |
2a. 5 and 2 cents?" is a question that in
that form cannot be answered, for thu
reason that there were different stamps
of those denominations Issued. To
the value of those you have it is neces
sary to have a description of each, the
color, amount and character.
POPULATION AND COMMERCE— E.
X., City. The population of New York
City on January 1, 1599, was estimat I
3,549,358; the figures as to the following
cities ar<- from census taken in 1895:
Vienna 1,364,548; 8.-rlin. 1,677,351; Hreslau,
Hamburg, 625,552; Munich, 487,174;
Stuttgart, 157,700. The figures as to
merce in Hamburg and Liverpool are
quite close, but the latest reports
that there is a slight margin in favor of
Hamburg.
TRAFFIC IN EGGS— E., Petaluma,
Cal. The receipts of eggs in San Fran
cisco In the last week in February .
were 3195 cases; average price, 14 1 -. 1 '
per dozen; for the same period in
'•«7, 3064, 14% c; in '98, 3381, 161-3 c; in
•<<:>. 3338, 17 ::-:.<•. in March of the years
named the receipts were, by we< !.
follows: First w,k. ----- 2983
second week. 3406, 332] third
week. r,::;7. 3206. 3270, Z812; fourth week,
3197, "!4v ■"."!::. 3132. The averagi
March in those years was: 12 l-3c, :-'•+■".
13c, X"i 4-r.o. The receipts dnrii -
three weeks in April in the-- j
First week. >V.. 3555, 2704, :■
week, 3066, 3342, 2649, - week.
SS64 3450 2904, 2556. Tl ■ Drlc e
was: 13% c, I 2i 4 c. 14 l-6c, 18% c. X; East
ern eggs were received in ■ ■■ th f
receipts w< re W0 cas< a in uw •
week in April: in 1898 there v.-rv re
ceived hi the hrs; week In *.pr ■--'■ sec
ond week 839, third week 12 n the
third week in April. 1899, ther< were re
ceived 3574.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
.Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's),
gomery street. Telepnone Main lU4i.
The presentation of the freedom of a
city or borough in England is now a
mere compliment, which does not confer
tiny substantial or exceptional pnvl^
leges. .__ ' &y
A Work of Art.
The new book. "Wonderland," Just Issued by
•the Northern Pacific Railway Company, is th»
niottiest publication issued by any rail way
company this year. It is full of beautiful half
tone Illustrations, and contains besides a well
wr.;tten description of a trip taken over this
finely equipped line, including a tour through
the wonderful Yellowstone Park. Send 6c la
stamps and it will be mailed to you. T. K.
Statuler. Gen. Act.. 63S Market St., San Fran
cisco.
The Rio Grande Western Railway
Take pleasure in announcing' me inauguration
June 1, 1599, of a complete dining-car service
between Ogden and Denver on ail transconti
nental trains. Service a la carte. General of
fice, 14 Montgomery st.
Rock island Route Excursions.
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via
Rio Grande and Rock Island railways. Through
tourist sleeping cars to Chicago ar.ii Boston.
Manager and porter accompany these excur
sions through to Boston. Fur tickets, sleeping
car accommodations and further Information
address CLINTON JONES, General Agent
Rock Island Railway. Cs4 Market «t. S. F.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used for fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething- with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.J
Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. 26c a battle. 4
HOTEL, DEL. CORONADO-^ Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only $60 by
steamship, including fifteen days' board at
hotel; lonpcer stay, $2 Id per day. Apply at 4
New Montgomery street, San Fraacieco.WILL ATTEMPT
THE VOYAGE IN
A COCKLE SHELL
Capt. Freitsch Sails in
Schooner Coke.
HE IS BOUND FOR FAR MANILA
MANY PERSONS SAW HIM START
ON HIS PERILOUS TRIP.
Robert Williams, a Cook on the Zea
landia, Arrested and Charged
With Stealing Clothes Prom
the Soldiers.
It was an exceptionally quiet day along
the water front yesterday. There were
no arrivals, and the only departure of
any importance was the schooner Coke,
■which sailed for Manila. This vessel is
ocly five tons, and is probably one of the
lightest draught vessels that has ever at
tempted such a voyage. Captain Freitsch,
v.-ho claims to have made a journey across
tho Atlantic in this same vessel, will now
attempt to reach the Philippines in his
boat. He goes alone upon his perilous
voyage. The Coke is a thorough seagoing
craft of her kind, and her venturesome
skipper docs not anticipate any trouble
in making the trip. He sailed from the
Mission-street wharf about 10 o'clock, and
there was a large crowd gathered to
see the cockle shell begin her voyage.
Some- of the skeptical suggested that
Captain FYeltsch would go outside of the
lioads and then change his mind. The
last seen of the Coke was when she dis
appeared through the Gate, and she had
rot returned up to a late hour last night,
no Captain Freitsch evidently held upon
his course. He is known as one of the
most daring navigators of small vessels.
For a long time he had the Coke on ex
hibition along tho water front.
The Zealandia docked at the wharf of
the Pacille Mail Steamship Company yes
terday. She took the place of the steam
or txneda, which went up to the refinery
to discharge her cargo of sugar. Early
yesterday morning Officer McGlynn ar
rested a negro on the iSealandia by the
name of Robert Williams, who is charged
by the captain of the vessel with petty
larceny. Williams was taken to the Har
bor Police Station. He was cook on the
Zealandia. and it is charged that he stole
some clothes from the soldiers on tho
trip up. He was in irons when the vessel
reached here, and just as soon as she
docked he was turned over to the police.
Williams is from Salt Lake City. He has
been in the transport service for some
time and denies that he is guilty of the
t! eft. He will be turned over to the
Foderal authorities tins morning.
The battleship lowa will Ball for the
north to-morrow. Many people took ad-,.
vantage of the beautiful weather to pay
a last visit to the ship. Excursion
launches were kept busy plying between
the lowa and the wharf. Quite a large
number of people also visited tho
Japanese training ship Hayel. At the
Folsom-streel wharf the transports City
or Puebla and the Sheridan were
clocked. It is probable that the latter
will be the first of the two to sail.
ITALIANS HOLD A
SUCCESSFUL PICNIC
CELEBRATE THE GRANTING OF
ITALY'S CONSTITUTION.
Garibaldi Guard, Assisted by Other
Organizations, Has a Big Day's
Enjoyment at Shell
Mound Park.
Garibaldi Guard Mutual Benevolent So
ciety celebrated at Shell Mound Park yes
terday the fifty-first anniversary of the !
granting of the Constitution to Italy. The'
unifurm.-d company to the number of a !
hundred marched down to the ferry in
the morning under Captain A. <~>]mo and
embarked on the 9:30 boat Nearly 2000 ;
people gathered at th" park during the j
day and enjoyed themselv.s generally.
There were repn sentatlves [•resent from
Uowlng Italian organizations: Ital- (
lan Veteran Soldiers, Italian Carbineers.
Christopher Columbus Benevolent Society :
of Oakland, Association of Gardeners and
Ranchers, Liquor! Benevolent Society,
Free School Society, Scavengers' Pro
tion, Italian Colony, Inde
olent Association, Pied
montese Society, all of whom marched in i
the morning parade.
The honorary president of the day was
F. Serra, Consul of Italy; president of the
day-, J. X Fugazi; orator, G. Almagia.
Dancing und target snooting by the i
marksmen of tho company formed the
principal amusements and a grand raffle
lor ten valuable prizes wound up the fes
tivitles.
Following were the committees having
the affair in charge:
• committee— B. '"erechino, Antonio J>"
lucchi, Antonio Figone, Pig >ne Giovanni, I*.
Perata, L. Uruzzone, a. Barbaffelata, Q
neri, B. Rat to, M. Canepa, Giuseppe Cordano,
G. I>ellamagg-lora.
Dancing committee— F. Pelmonte, N. Fop
piano, ]•:. G. «';iglieri, Angel,, ]>evincenzl, J,.
Torre, O. laecherl. O. L. Val<-nte, <:. Lagumar
tlippo 1 .-martini. K. Perata.
•:nu- committee— P. Arata, G. U. Sturla,
Angelo Delucchl, A. Carbone, G. Sbarbor>, A.
I, A. Olmo.
Committee on KUines— P. Funtann. Antonio
■ no. V. C'errutti.
DRINK MADE HIM A BRUTE.
Edward D. Boyle, a Plumber, Strikes
His Wife With a Chair, Destroying
the Sight of Her Left Eye.
■•■■■'• D. Boyle, a plumber, living at
hatna street, went home Saturday
night under the influence of liquor and
was i. d. He l»-^ari to a
his wife, and In his drunken fury seized
a eh.;. k her in the face with it.
The poor woman suffered excruciating
all night from the effects of the blow
siii'l • Ing went to th<
v here ! >r. Rlnne found
that she would In all probability lose the
sight of her left eye. The eyeball was cut
arid there was a wound on tier cheek and
•
she and her husband Had
marri< d twelvi < had four
children. Her husband had not ■■
strong drink till recently and when be
took too much Saturday night he was like
an insane man and struck her with '.he
■ \ heartbroken over his cru
elty to her and >1 think he woiild
touch another drop of liquor again. She
had no desire to punish him.
t^zlfewutiitne
"Cheers, but not inebriates," makes life hap
pier and better by Its beneficent < Sects on
body and mind. Made by the Anheuser-Busch
Brewing Assn.
Pleasure-Seekers' Picnic
The "Pleasure Seekers," an organiza
tion which lives up to its name, gave Its
annual picnic and excursion yesterday at
Niles Canyon. Eight hundred of their
friends accompanied them. The boat car
rying the merry throng left the foot of
Market street at 9 o'clock in. the morning,
the parting being enlivened by music fur
nished by Yon der Mehden's military
band. Once at the beautiful picnic
grounds, the holiday crowd enjoyed Itself
fishing, boating, lunching and dancing. J.
W. Goetze was floor manager, and Fred
Sulim wsu bis aseiitant.
CORPUS CHRISTI CELEBRATED
WITH POMP AND CEREMONY
The fenst of Corpus Christi was cele
brated i<» all the Catholic churches of this
city yesterday in a solemn manner. Every
edifice was crowded with worshipers |
deeply Interested in the services of the i
day. Little girls attired in their pretty !
white dresses and bearing flowers and |
young boys carrying lighted candles made j
the procession of the Blessed Sacrament i
a brilliant spectacle.
In Catholic countries the feast of
Corpus Christi is always celebrated on a
fixed Thursday, but in this country it
is observed on the Sunday following that
Thursday for the greater accommodation
of the people. The words Corpus Christi
mean the body of Christ. It is the out
ward public solemn profession of the
illc faith, namely the actual though
invisible presence of Christ under the
euchariatic element; so that the worship
of Corpus Christi is meant for and is of
fered directly to the second person of the
Trinity, Christ, the Son of God. In the lit
urgies of the church all the great mys
teries "i" God, as the Trinity, the incar
nation, the mysteries of Christ's life,
death ;u\<) resurrection, the lives and
deeds of the meat servams of God who
are called saints, are commemorated In
ssion from the opening of the year
to Its close. Hence the mystery of the
Real Presence has its day of solemn cele
lir:itii>!i.
FORTY HOURS' ADORATION
AT THE CATHEDRAL
At St. Mary's Cathedral tho ceremonies
k'ore impressive. The Forty Hours 1
Ldoration were inaugurated yesterdaj
rith solemnity. The services were at-
FLOWERS STREWN BEFORE THE BLESSED SACRAMENT
; tended by the parishioners, who came at
all hours, from early morn until late at
', night, to offer their homage to Christ
j and to ask through him all the graces,
temporal and spiritual, they need. The
observance of the forty .hours Is one of
rotation. It is held in all the churches
of i lie diocese in succession, and where
there are more churches than there are
periods of forty hours In the rear, then
levotion is duplicated, taking place
simultaneously in two churches. The ser
vices began at the 11 o'clock mass and
; will continue until Tuesday until 10 a. m.
Father O'Ryiin, ex-editor of the Moni
tor, preached the sermon at the U o'clock
■ solemn high mass on the feast of Corpus
Christi. Dennis Sullivan, the well
: known barytone, sang an Offertory selec
tion and the "Agnus Dei." A large num
ber of girls of the parish, robed in white
1 und marshaled by the Sisters of the Holy
Family, marched in the procession, Borne
bearing flowers In their hands and others
■ ring flowers on the floor. There
ilso a delegation of Banctuary boys
in purple cassocks In line, each with a
lighted candle in his hand. During the
procession the choir sang the. "Pangua
Lingua."
The sacred edifice was again crowded
in the evening, when tho usual Sunday
services were held.
SERVICES AT ST.
IGNATIUS CHURCH
Bolemn high mass was held at 10 :.T0 in
St. Ignatius Church and was largely
I attended. . Rev. Father Vincent Testa was
j celebrant. Rev. G. Burkard was deacon,
Re Father Miller, sub-deacon, and Rev.
Father Carrol, master of ceremonies.
: During the mass Mi r< adante'a mass in D
! was rendered, and at the offertory, the
: Aye Yerum by Leprovost was sung.
j Rev. Father Gleason of Los Gatos
1 preached an able sermon on the Blessed
i Sacrament. In the evening, after rosary,
' which began at 7:15, vespers were sung,
i and the Magnlflcal was rendered. After
| the Magnificat, the procession formed.
A large body of men from the.
Gentlemen's Sodality bearing lighted
candles led the march. Behind them
: came twenty-four little girls dressed in
white, scattering flowers in front of the
Blessed Bacrameht. Forty little acolytes
in their red surplices followed, holding
lighted candles. Behind them were the
priests, vested in their "alb" and
•■chasuble" Preceding the Blessed Sac
rament were - c ix little boys, who scat
tered flowers in front of it, and behind
them were two altar boys swinging their
censors. Beneath a silken canopy carried
by four members of the Gentlemen's
Sodality, the Blessed Sacrament, was
( arried. Following in its wake were the
officers of the Ladies' Sodality, each hold
ing a lighted candle.
The regular choir was augmented by tne
Ladies' Sodality Choir, making sixty-five
voices. As soon as- the procession started,
the choir intoned the Gregorian chant,
"Pangc Lingua." When it returned to
the altar, and after the litany of the
Sacred Heart was recited, the men's choir
Bang "Tantum Ergo," by Lambillotte.
After the benediction, Hayden's "Te
j Deum" was rendered.
BRILLIANT SPECTACLE
AT ST. PATRICK'S
There was not a seat to be had at the
11 o'clock mass In St. Patrick's church
yesterday . morning, nor In the evening
at Vespers, owing to Ui« special «vent«
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1899.
that were presented. Father D. Lane was
celebrant of the mass; Rev. P. J. Keane,
deacon; Rev. M. Horan, sub-deacon, nnd
Rev. J. Brennan, master of ceremonies.
During the mass Father Brennan deliv
ered an able sermon on the feast. In part
he said:
Throughout the world last Thursday was Bet
apart by the Catholic Church for the celebra
tion of the feast of Corpus Christi. On that
day the glories and aublime mysteries of the
most blessed oucharlst were observed. To the
United States of America the privilege has been
granted by our Holy Father to celebrate this
feast to-day. It Is true that the sacrament of
the holy eucharist was not instituted on the
feast of Corpus Christi. but on Holy Thursday.
When the Institution took place the church was
shrouded in gloom and was plunged In the
deepest sorrow for the suffering of our divine
Bpouse, and hence she could not celebrate this
great feast in a manner becoming such a joy
ous occasion. She therefore waited until to-day,
when, in the thoughtfulness or her heart, she
called together all her children to honor this
feast with becoming' splendor and magnificence.
Henre to-day there are feelings of Joy in every
Catholic heart and words of rejoicing on every
Catholic tongue. The bells ring forth their
tones of joy, the organ peals its notes of glad
ness; soul-stirring music with which the church
resounds brings us so much nearer to heaven:
the altars are decorated with fair flowers and
brilliant with radiant lights. The incense rolls
to heaven like prayers ascending before the
throne of God. and the priest at the conclu
sion of the mass opens wide the door of the
tabernacle arid with most reverent care takes
forth the most blessed sacrament and carries It
In triumphant procession through the church.
The Law <•! God of Hosts, who from under the
white canopy looks around upon the joyous
- ■ ne and graciously blesses all as he passes
by.
Hut as far as the real presence of our Lord
in the holy eucharist is concerned, we require
no special feast to convince us of it. We be
lieve In the Catholic doctrine of the eucharist
With all the earnestness of our hearts. This
belief is deep down In the very bottom of our
souls. We have ilrunk it in in our infancy: it
• \vn with nur growth; It has strengthened
with our strength, and such a firm huld It has
got upon us that we look upon It as a standard
of eertaintv. and such certainty that no amount
of evidence can act upon us. We rome Into the
church, we kneel down, we pray to Jesus,
really present in the blessed sacrament, and as
long as that firm conviction lasts who will
say that we shall be unable to analyze the
ground of '>ur belief that It Is so?
At the conclusion of the mass there
was a procession, in which three hundred
children of St. Patrick'? and St. Vincent's
schools took part. The girls were In
1 whin- dresses, wore white wreaths and all
carried flowers. The boys were all dressed
in black with white ribbons on their arms
and bearing candles. As they marched
they sang "Pange Langua Glorioso."
Twenty-four altar boys headed the stately
procession. Their leader bore ai the head
! a large crucifix and the others carried
lighted candles. Following them were
the girls with Katie Hagerty at their
head, holding aloft the banner of the
Blessed Virgin. Maggie Pbilbin also car
rled the banner of her school. Robert
Barrett led the boys with the banner of
i St. Patrick's school upraised. Sixteen
I little maidens were next in line scattering
Rowers on the iloor before the blessed Bac
rament. Preceding the latter were two al
tar boys, Jerry Reagan and James Trod
den, who lilK-d the sacred edifice with
incense from their swinging censors. Four
boys supported the while canopy, under
which were the participants in the mass.
Afier the procession returned to the
altar the benediction of the Blessed Sac
rament was given.
In the evening eighteen young men and
thirty - two boys, composing the St.
Patrick's Choral Society, chanted the
Gregorian chant. The following members
of the choral society participated In the
singing:
.Miss Mary Short, organist: Thomas J.
O'Brien, musical director; Francis Kii-hards,
James Kelly, I-iouis Rhea, Hugh McGowan,
William F. Fitzgerald. M. P. Corridan. John
O'Brien, D. A. Harry. 3. Lamoy, Albert Ru
rtnliihUM, M. KusEick, J. F. O'Brien. F. Hu
ua, E. F. Lacuy, James O'Brlpn, J. Re
pan. J. Drlscoll, T. Trodden, M. Kerr. VV. Ir
wln. R. Barrett. R. Holden, T. Qulnn, J.
Brickerstaff, J. lOrwtn, W. Carol on, W. Quill,
D. Hag«rty. F. I^amcy, J. MoKeon, K. McMul
len. J. Doyle, J. Kutcher, \V. Barry. <). Ducy,
J. Oriff.j. J. Ryan, J. Conroy, J. Durkin. m.
firifTen, J. Mullhall. I>. O'Connor. .1. Wood,
Joseph Conroy, R. Kingston, O. Dreisbach. F.
Peterson, <: Sim?, E. O'Connor. John Grlffen
and John O'Brlpn.
After vespers Father Keane preached a
sermon and the services concluded with
the benediction of the Blessed Sacrament.
HONORED THE FEAST
OF CORPUS CHRISTI
The feast of Corpus Christ! was cele
brated In the new "hurch of that name
yesterday with beautiful ceremonies. At
10 a. m. there was solemn high mass.
Rev. Father Genna, S. J., was celebrant,
Rev. Father Butler acted as deacon, and
Rev. Father Morrlssey, sub-deacon.
Perosl's grand Pontifical mass was sung
for the first time In this city with great
effect by the choir, composed of the fol
lowing singers: Sopranos. Mrs. G. Na
poleoni, Miss L. Vlautln; tenors, R. Brod
erick, C. Stevens and George Ollva; bary
tone, Robert Lloyd. Rev. Father Genna
preached an eloquent sermon, at the con
clusion of which the children of the Sun
day school accompanied the Blessed Sac
rament in solemn procession. The little
ones were dressed in white and carried
flowers, which they strewed in the pat.i
of the procession. The morning services
oi included with the exposition of the
blessed Sacrament for adoration by the
faithful. Rev. Father Genna. S. J.,
preached again In the evening. The choir
was heard to advantage In the rendering
nf a number of sacred pieces. Miss M.
Rodger*, the church's organist, directed
its effort*.
FRATERNITY A
RELIEF FOR MAN
WITH THE HOE
Markham Offers That
Solution.
AUTHOR WINS APPLAUSE
LABGE NUMBER AT HOWARD
BTREET M. E. CHXTRCH.
Pastor Wilson Begins a Series of
Four Sermons — Previous to the
Services a Marriage Is
Solemnized.
The services at Howard Street Metho-
I dist Episcopal Church were highly inter
; esting last night. The announcement
that Professor Edwin Markham. author
of the famous poem, "The Man With the j
| Hoe," would be present and give a short
■ address, drew a large audience. Rev. J.
' A. B. Wilson began his series of four
i sermons during the Sundays in June on
! the subject "Belief for the Man With
the Hoe."
Previous to the services a lady and gen
tleman walked up to the chancel rail and,
In the presence of the congregation, were
married by Dr. Wilson. The contract
ing parties, Hiram Elbert McEuen and
Mary Ellen McDonald, after being pro
nounced man and wife, quietly sat down
again and were interested .isteners at
the exercises.
A life-size painting of ' me Man With
tno Hoe." painted by Mrs. Chandler, was
hung In full view, and Miss Jennie Long
recited the poem which has saused such
i a stir in the literary world. In his ser
; mon Dr. Wilson stated that the relief for
down-trodden humanity rested with the
Lord Jesus Christ, who had said: "Come |
unto me, ye who labor and are heavy
laden, and 1 will give you rest." Profes
sor Markham' s address was as follows: ,
My (hiir friends: I have been asked to Bay !
i a few words about the "man with the hoe,"
J and my solution of the problem. I have no new
solution. The problem itself is as old a? hu
manity. The men who built the pyramids
struggled, and the men who are now building
London are strußKlinK w ith that problem.
One solution is the application of the
"Golden Rule." We have committed it to
heart; lei us commit it to life. (Applause.)
That Is thr- only solution. As to what steps
j should be taken 1 cannot say. The Republi
cans, Democrats, Socialists and Single Takers
offer different solutions. It is wise for us to
consider all of them and try to find some way
(>f enlarging the sphere of justice for all men.
i believe that the industrial question is a re- i
ligious question. (Applause.) Everything that j
has to do with the welfare of man in poll
tic^ or in industry is religious at the bot
-1 torn Everything Bhows our relation to one
'■ another and our relation to tho Father of L,ife.
Jesus of Nazareth is the Father, the Savior of
the human race. In his principle of justice and
ol brotherhood we find the solution of these
problems. Fraternity, to me, is the dearest of
all words, and In thut word Is the hope of the
human race.
At the conclusion of the services many
of the congregation shook hands with i
Mr MarKam and wished him godspeed
in his journey to the Bast, for which he | ,
Will leave in a few (lays.
BODIES FOUND IN THE BAY.
The Remains of Two More Unfortu-
nates Are Recovered.
The body of Harry Philip Muck, the boy
who fHI off the stringer at Fishermen's
Wharf on Saturday morning, was found
whore it had sunk yesterday afternoon by
Charles Hodges and Henry Desmond, who
bad been grappling for it during the fore
noon.
When taken from the bottom of the bay
the little fellow's legs were found entan
gled by 8 tish line, which would go to
show that he had been fishing when he
attempted to walk along the stringer
: when last seen by his companions, Kelly
and Edwards, who ran away and left him
■to his fate. Deputy Coroners Sullivan
and Gatley, acting under instructions
from Coroner Hill, convoyed the body to
| the home of tht- boy's parents at 11 Van
dewater street, where It was received by
the distracted father and mother.
Earlier in the day the body of an un
known man was found In the north cove
of Goat Island by Richard Wise, the
lighthouse keeper of the island. After
considerable difficulty In reaching it
Deputy t'oroner George Lacombe con
veyed *it to the Morgue. Prom the ap
pearance of the remains the body has
been In the bay for fully a month, the
features being unrecognizable.
The unknown was about 5 feet 11 inches
in height, of stout build; clad in a black
j diagonal vest, black pantaloons Cribbed),
red and white-striped shirt and laced
shoes. Both forearms bore tattooed marks
of a woman.
St. Ignatius Exercises.
St. Ignatius College will hold its fortieth
annunl commencement exercises in the
College Hall, corner of Grove street and
Van Ness avenue, to-niKht and "Wednes
day evening. Tho grammar grades will
hold the stage this evening, and the pro
gramme will consist of literary exercises
illustrating scenes from "Macbeth." On
Wednesday philosophical lectures will be
delivered by Henry O. Fanning and Wal
ter J. Williams, and degrees will be con
ferred upon members of the graduating
class. On both nights prizes comprising:
hooks and gold and silver medals will be
distributed in the philosophical, acad
emical and collegiate departments.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sick Women Advised to Seek
Advice of Mrs. Pinkham.
[LETTER TO MRS. FINKHAM NO. 94,863]
"I had inflammation and falling
of the womb, and inflammation of
ovaries, and was in great pain. 1 took
medicine prescribed by a physician,
but it did me no good. At last I heard
of Lj-dia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound, and after using it faithfully I
am thankful to say I am a well women.
I would advise all suffering women to
seek advice of Mrs. Pinkham." — Mrs.
G. H. Chatpell, Grant Pabk, 111.
11 For several years my health was
miserable. I suffered the most dread-
ful pains, and was almost on the verge
of insanity. I consulted one of the
best phj'sicians in New York, and he
pronounced my disease a fibroid tumor,
advising an operation without delay,
saying that it was my only chance for
life. Other doctors prescribed strong
and violent medicine, and one said I
was incurable, another told me my
only salvation was galvanic batteries,
which I tried, but nothing relieved me.
One day a friend called and begged me
to try Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound. I began its use and took
several bottles. From the very first
bottle there was a wonderful change
for the better. The tumor has disap-
peared entirely and my old spirits have
returned. I heartily recommend j-our
medicine to all suffering women." —
Mks. Vai* Cleft, 416 Saundeks Avb.,
J titsEv City Heights, N. J.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
©•••••••••••••••••••••••^•••••••••••••••••••© ••••••€••••••••••••••••
8 TO-DAY AT 10 O'CLOCK. Cg To-Day at 10 O'clock. |
• QUICK SALE j|li CLEARANCE SALE \
% ...0f... $&&m ...0F... •
1 Danton Cloves. l|i LAMPS!
© kmsv ■OV' lt\V Decorated Porcelain Lamp with brass •
© r ~y C^ f^> • •fflVflVV base and trimmings, tall banquet shape, 2
® / X^ £^ A^^/^MB^^ 8-inch decorated gobe, was $2.25, %
• % KJ?\uf . / \T^M\ <jj| off ©
• This is a progressive store. We / //4.. i | dl €pi»OO« 0
© must have the best of everything. / </\f% \\ !j)\ Low shape Table Lamp in two colors, •
• We discontinue the Danton because / / f\ \\.'. {'; -'f \ with f.oral decorations, 8-inch decorated 5
2we have secured "La Pucelle." /^^T^>\% 1 1 | 1 globe, was $1.75, J
9 Thousands of our friends know "La I \?if v! : M / --^.i Iff S
2 Pucella" and value its acquaintance. "^p vcf: 'I '•.! ' I €pJl*Jlcs*' O
0 The dollars rolling in testify to this / A%'j M I Decorated Table Lamp with B^-inch 2
9 fact / / s; fc- ; J- : JY[ I shade, was 90c, * 0
0 The Danton Glove, considered / / f;^ :i^^\ I f% f* •
9 everywhere a standard dollar glove, / / fj 7 t3<^C # o
5 will be closed out by us this morn- /if') <-• , ■ .• ■ •
• • . , 1 , fill' J rine Lamps in high and low shapes, a
© ing— tans, modes, reds, browns, / // ,' i Gold plated and brass with onyx and g
• greens, navys, creams, lemons and / II |j \\ lacquered trimmings. All have either fg
Z blacks, all sizes. Ten dozen pique / / / /;■' \\ Bradley &. Hubbard or Miller central ©
• gloves, mostly blacks and tans, will / f fj \\\ draught ■ burners. The reductions are •
© f" • 1 j j • a 1 a L / I 1 1 \ \ ver marked. The prices side by side, X
Ibe included in the sale. A purchase I ! \\ the ' old and the new, are an index to the •
© of half a dozen will be a good in- / 1! \ values offered: 5
® vestment. A saving of 25c on every / I [';' \ Reduced from. $3.25 to $2.05 ©
• Dair " / h \ Reduced Irom $3.75 to $2.40 ©
5 X ' / If \ Reduced from $4.50 to $2.55 •
q I j |; ; \ Reduced from $4.75 to $2.80 •
O CnilD CDCrfAIC / f' : \ Reduced from $5.00 to $3.15 •
© rUIIV JILLIALj / ['! i \ Reduced from $5.50 to $3.45 •
• / tl • \ Reduced from $6.50 to $3.95 2
; • ...1N... / ff XV Reduced from $7.00 to $4.45 0
'• / {'• f/ Reduced from $8.00 to $4.90 ©
2T\ J* f\ ill t ft ' JTS Reduced from $9.00 to $5.70 •
I Domestic Department / \ \/Y 8
• r 111 Hi SPECIAL SALE 3
% AT 10 O'CLOCK. K^\ U V p ...0f... J
© White Lawn, a nice sheer quality ' m —*-r< PIVAIVIPI M' AllP a
•40 inches wide, suitable for aprons, w • .pp. r'lTlT'r* ! l^lirAllXL/JU If ril\l^« J
| dressing sacques, waists and chil- £ A Ili S Si IS 10-quart Dish Pans 27c 5
;©dren swear 12c yard MJrXUIIJtJ AJUIJ-U* 4-quart Tea Kettles 38c J
2 Figured Organdies, white or dark T n ,in nTU^lr 2-quart Tea Pots 25c 0
§ grounds; also figured plaid lawns, 10' Day at 10 0 CIOCK. 3-quart Seamless Sauce Pans, with cover 0
2 a this season's styles 8c Yard R . ,- _ f .• , nra . 4-qu^rVs7am7esrSauce>7nsrwith'cove C r •
§ Standard Percales, the regular 12 1-2 c Broken lines ot our high-grade "J ; 30c #
© qua 40 different styles in large Tailor-made Suits. The greater i 12-inch Basting Spoons 5c •
• bias plaids and smaller figures, light part formerly sold at from $15 7c 2
© and dark effects 7C yard +..„ „ „ ... ... Q 12-qaart Straight Pot, with cover 40c 2
| HUCk TowelS, linen towels fringed, ™ * lb - o.«k. lined jackets 9^ x 14inch ob ng Roast Pans 27c ©
© 34x17 1-2 inches, plain white or red with box Or fly fronts. 11x17 inch Oblong Roast Pans 35c •
• and blue borders, a 12 1-2 c grade.. The assortment includes a ©
• 9c each line of navy and brown Venetian SPECI^t SALE 8
2 - Suits with neat braiding on I -^ww ¥ ««, >^w --.- 5
I CORDED silks. Skrt t and h Jacket ck : PILLOW SLIPS. •
m vviii/uv w L " 1UI navys, tans, browns and bluet, •
© An e«p,ess <;hinmpnt from New • 4Q Qosi ice As good a Pillow Case as any one wants I
| York, new effects, new colors, heho, SIZeS 32 to 40 ' Closm & P" Cc •- *»%^ si " «S ©
• cerise, turquoise, bluet and purple.. *1> #^V T r p—=» O/"* I— Q^Vl *l
2 :. 75C yard t/G X^ClWll* •
I Weinstock, Lubin & Co. I
§ MARKET AND TAYLOR STREETS. §
% ©©•••«>' ©©©•••©©•©•#o©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©»©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©
GENUINE HIGH-GRADE
Turkish, Persian
■ila fl Bm S^' paz ' Kirman,
wi. %bf \A \^ Lahore, Khiva,
Kurdistan, Etc.
WILL BE SOLD
AUCTION,
OINE \a/eek:,
THIS DAY.
MONDAY JUNE 5, 1899
• At 10:30 a. m. and -:30 a m., at
125 GEARY STREET,
Next City of Paris.
Every article will be sold to the highest bid-
der, without exception.
(CT Preparatory to the reorganization of the
Turkish Rug Co. their renowned collection of
Extra Fine Antiques, never before shown, will
be sold at this sale. Connoisseurs and house
builders must not fall to attend this sale.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.
PURITY DsB /*%
HEALTH Woodbu! 7' s EM
BEAUTY Facial Cream Tja-A
Naturally follows the use of WOODBURY'S
Facial Soap and WOODBURY'S Facial Cream.
Being strictly antiseptic, their cleansing- and
purifying effect Is unequaled. For sale every-
where.
Eye-Glass Wisdom.
Trade Is Impartial; loves nobody, hates no-
body—goes where it gets best service. That's
the reason we fill so many oculists' prescrip-
tions and have such a large popular trade for
our perfect spectacles and eyeglasses. Besides,
our new clip doesn't slip, tilt or pinch (for
DO cents. No extra charge on a new pair.
Oculists' prescriptions filled— Factory on prem-
ises—Phone Main 10. Quick repairing.
•
OPTICIANS< HOT >^;»WU 3 .
642 Market St. instrument*
000000000000000000
■S 1 *." PALACE '"P I
%GRAND HOTEL3 °
*? SAN MANCISCO -
Connected by a oovered passageway. "
" 1400 Rooms— 9oo wi h Bath Attached ©
O All Under On* Managem«nt O
0 MOTE TEE PBI0E8: . O
0 European Plan. 81.00 per day and upward 0
O American Plan. so.oo per day And upward A
•* . Correspondence Solicited. vl
0 JOHN 0. KIBKFATKICK, Kinagir. O
00000000 o 00000000
fW FAVORITE
IRESCREPTION
M FOR WEAK WOMEN. |
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
It a powerful apbrodlslne and specific tome
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A treat Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS A BRUNE. Agent*.
<22 Market uUeet. 8. 7.— (S«nd for Circuit**) ,
AMUSEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
S. H. Friedlander, Manager.
TO-NIGHT.
THE LAMBARDI GRAND
ITALIAN OPERA COMPANY
75— PERFORMERS— 75
COMPLETE ORCHESTRA,
Tour Under the Direction of C, M. Wood and
H. C. Wyatt.
Magnificent Production of
"CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA" and
"I PAOLIACCI."
REPERTOIRE FOR THE FIRST WEEK:
Tuesday "FAUST"
Wednesday "LUCIA"
Thursday "NORM A"
Friday "CAVALLERIA RUSTICANA"
And "I PAGLIACCI"
Saturday Matinee "LUCIA" '
Saturday "RIGOLETTO"
Prices for Reserved Seats:
First Three .Rows Orchestra...: $1 50
Balance of Orchestra and Dress Circle 1 00
First Two Rows Balcony 100
Next Six Rows Balcony 75
Balance of Balcony 50
Gallery Seats 2.".
Box and Lose Seats, each 150
Sunday. June 11— "THE TURTLE."
COLOMBIAN-
LAST 6 NIGHTS!
BEGINNING TO-NIGHT — -
FIRST TIME ON ANY STAGE,
A NEW COMEDY
BY EVA FOSTER RIGGS,
PRESENTED BY THE
KELCEY-SHANNON CO
A romance of the South, realistic In charac-
ter, quaint in its humor.
The. title, selected from public suggestion,
will be announced from the stage Monday
night.
JUNE 12— INAUGURAL OF
HENRY MILLER'S GREAT CO.
GRAND OPif RA HOUSE
Telephone Main 532.
THIS EVENING.
THE
SOUTHWELL OPERA COMPANY
GRAND DOUBLE BILL!
THE PIRATES of PENZANCE
Ay d
I PAGLIACCI. /
Reserved Seats, 2."c and 50c; Gallery, 13c.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Branch Box Office Just Inside Main Entrance
Emporium.
CHUTES ZOO:
A MATINEE EVERY DAY.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER.
VISIT LUNETTE in the LONDON MAZE.
RIDE ON THE GALLOPING HORSES.
Just Arrived — A Monster Alligator
THURSDAY NIGHT-
AMATEUR MINSTRELSI
WITH LADY PARTICIPANTS.
I ■i%| 9 ■MMQBVnS^M 3K 1 R H 8 Hi Jfflft—TTl
i
AMUSEMENTS.
JOHN.STONE BENNETT'S VAUDEVILLE
CELEBRITIES IN CONJUNCTION
WITH ORPHUT-M STARS.
JOHNSTONE BENNETT,
Assisted by ANTONIO WILLIAMS, in "A
QUIET EVENING AT HOME."
The Mysterious! The Mystifying!
HOUDINI.
And MLLE. BEATRICE HOUDINI.
McAVOY AND MAY, Cyclonic Comedians
CASWELL AND ARNOLD, Comedy Acrobats.
CLIFFORD AND HUTH. HENRI FRENCH,
MOUNG TOON, MONTGOMERY
AND STONE.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
TO-NIGHT! TO-NIGHT!
Scenic Revival of Johann Strauss' Masterpiece,
The Merry War
Reappearance of Everybody's Favorite, ■
GRACIE PLAISTED.
SUPERB CAST!
SPLENDID SCENERY!
CORRECT COSTUMES!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
PRICES 23 Cents and 50 Cents
Telephone, Bush 9.
ALCAZAR 5™
Curtain Rises Promptly at 8.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
LEWIS MORRISON,
IN HIS GREAT CREATION.
HAMLET.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
PRICES r7715c, 25c, 35c, Sic.
Next Week— LEWIS MORRISON in "THE)
MASTER OF CEREMONIES."
CONCERTS AND HESOBTS.
Rattle "■■■"
UClttlV GREAT REALISTIC!
- WAR PANORAMA!
OT ***!. W. O. ROLtrN*.
the eminent orator,
km • a lectures half hourly.
iVl3nil3 ***** •*•• nr El * f >"».
Admission Mo.
Bay! Chnaren2sa
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M, TO 11 P. M.
BATHING FROM 7 A. M. TO 10:30 P. M.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN, sc.
Bathing, Including Admission, 23c; Children, JOo.
DR.MCNULTY.
q^HIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A Special isr.enrrjtPri Nervous, and Blood Din.
puses o/ Men only. Book on Private Diseases and i
Weaknesses of Men. free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
Patients cured a t Home. Terms reasonable. Hours!)
to 3 daily ; 6.3o to 8:30 e v'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. C&ll.oradclress
P. nOSGOB MfSI'LTY, M.D.
2G>£ Itearny St.. Han Francisco, €»1.
lA/. T. HESS,
ROTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT. LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Sprockets Hlctg.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California it., below Pg»mU.
i few* rr«A«l«ca.
56
DEAD BIRDS AND
HEAVY SCORES
AT INGLESIDE
End of the Yearly
Tournament.
FAT PURSES WERE DIVIDED
JOSEPH ROSS OF ANTIOCH WINS
THE DIAMOND MEDAL.
Yesterday's Session Characterized by
Remarkable Shooting — High
Guns That Shot Inside the
Money Were the Rule.
After three days' of powder burning.
the third annual State Live Bird Tourna
nv m. held under '.ho auspices of the
Olympic Gun Club, came to an end yes
terday, and the cluh men are congratulat
ing themselves* upon as successful a meet
as has yet been held, notwithstanding
that the Fay diamond medal was cap
tured by Joseph Rose, mighty Run man
from the Antiorh Gun Club, and not by
a San Franciscan.
9 won the trophy ■with a cl°an score
of twenty straight birds. Like
Shooting that marked the last day of the
meet, his wap phenomenal; nearly all of
his birds were dropped at the trap?.
In the first event at ten birds, the fol
g score was made, the $140 in the
pcol divided among the high guns:
O. Feudner, 10; Carrol. 10; A. M. Barker,
10; Webb, 10; Nauman, 10; Lions. 10; Gil-
a I Merrill
J , Ff V - re i gh | who
dlvid. - the j nt at twelve
birds:
- '.Vebb. 12; Slade,
12; V
■ » winner of
- won last year by
Kauix ■ ■ - •■. . who put it up for
shoot. It was
•A:th a clear, twenty, Nau
- ■ centeen birds inside
Following is the Bcore:
Iv ''arrol. 19; N'aumann, 17;
Ross, 20; Wf-bb. 18; Bruner. IS; Gilbert, 19.
FLYCASTING AT STOW LAKE.
Members of the San Francisco Club
Do Good Work With the Rod in
Various Kinds of Casting.
Conditions w^re favorable for pood
work at Stow Lake. Golden Gate Fark.
yesterday. As a result the scores of the
Francisco Flycnsting Club were ex
cellent Walter D. Mansfield, with a cast
"f 12:< feet to his credit, was high man
in the long distance event; Edwin Everett
waa second, with 113 feet. Battu did pr 1
work . having top score in the accuracy
and delicacy contest. The detailed scores
follow:
Long distance— Battu. S2. 86 and 84 feet; Ever
ett, US; W. D. Mansfield. 123. Mocker, ..•■;
Hr.ra<e Smyth, 87. \>3, 96; Young. 90; Ha'.ght T5
and T7.
Distance and accuracy— Battu, 77 8-12, 73 8-12 !
an! S3 4-12 per cent; Everett. 018-12, Mucker.
M; Smyth, *4 S-12. '.'3. 92 S-12; Young, 92 8-12 per
cent.
Accuracy and delicacy— Battu, 72 9-12, 7fi and
74 'J-U per cent; Everett. 7:- 9-12; Mocker, 81;
Bmyth, 1-9 1-12, « S-12. 36 1-12; Young, 83 per
• astlng— Battu. '■".. «5 1-5 and fin 1-5 per
tent; Young. 79 1-5, Turner, 46 per cent.
Yesterday's Handball Games.
Hampton and Toy were defeated by
White and Maloney in the eet-to for the
g - . : Kyan's medal for the best
til of Beven continuous games of
the season. The score which was played
for this event was: 21-11, 17-21, 21-19.
The other games as scheduled at Ryan's
court, 80S Howard street, are as fol
lows:
W. Hasseil and B. Clements defeated T.
Clemenu and A. Hanson. Score, 21—9, 13—21,
M— l 2.
M. J. Ptokes and J. Casey defeated P. Her
r!n and P. Folpy. Score, 21— H, S— 2l, {I—l 6.
P. Basch and C. Baach defeats I! Levin
»r.d L. Jacobs. Scor»-, 11—11. 15—21, 21— IS.
Q. McDonald and P. Ste:n«r defeated M Mc-
Neil and L. Carralne. Score, 21—15, 10—21,
it— i a.
P. Ryan and W. H. Slebert defeated J. R.
U icknian and J. Klrby. Score. 21—16. 13—21.
21-19.
G. Smith and A. MoVlcker defeated J. Con-
Son aT:d T. Lydon. Bcore, H— l4, 11—21, 21-17.
K. }! u«man and M. Kirby defeated J. Klrby
and A WhitPman. Score. 21— 1&, 13—21, 21— IS.
T. S'-rres and A. Whiteman debated C. vuinn
and P. J Crowe. Scor-. 21-12, U— Bl, 21—15.
J. "White and E. Toy <Jp!>ated A. Hampton
»nd E. Maloney. Score. 21— K'. 13—21. 21— 1G
MERCHANTS' PICNIC
Dealers of This City Will Hie Them
selves to El Campo.
A committee of wholesale merchants of
San Francisco have agreed to hold a pic
nic thlp year. For the past two years
none has been held by the wholesalers
for various reasons, and now that there
is a desire and a demand for one, It has
b n en deckled to afford a day of enjoy
• at El Campo on Saturday, June 10.
Saturday, being a half business day,
was chosen as most fitting, and gives an
opportunity for the employes and their
families to participate, as a great ma
jority of the houses will close entirely.
A 1 oat will leave at 9:30 a. m., and for
those who cannot leave their business and
employment at that time it has been de
cided to have another boat depart at 1
p. m. Both boats return at about. 5:30
p. m. There will be a great number of
rate and game prizes for all. Blanchard's
Hand has been secured for the day. Tick
nve been reduced to 50 cents per
round trip; children 25 cents. Any surplus
derived will be devoted to the Children's
Hospital
The following are the officers of the as
sociation:
Idont, H If. Campe; vice president, H.
]> Loveland; Fprretary, Charles J. Klnp; treag
uri-r, .1. A. Folgcr: honorary vice presM<ntn,
Ja »b Lovi Jr., ThomaH Klrkpatrick. Fred JI.
HUbert. William F. Ma.v. John Caffrey. Charles
}•' Thlerbacfc, It. E. Starr, James Dunn, i/liarle?
A Bon, V. E. Nolson. J. Stulz, William Cluff,
F. E. Urlgbam. M. Ehrman. A. Hrcmada, John
McCarthy, Edward Abrahamson, D. F. O'Cal
la«hßn Lou'if, Fiscliberk. Thomas E. Dunne,
Phil Tr-llor ar.d I. T. Hurly.
The followlnf? arc the committees:
G«neral Committee of ArraJ3gement»— H. M.
Cnmpe. Frank Tyler, Fred L. HHmer. Charle*
J. Kin;r. \V. A. Schultß, T. J. Harris. D. Ross,
H D Lioveland, A. W. Meigs*, H. Levenson,
Abe r.roen.
Chair;::.n of Committees— Transportation, T.
J Harris; music, P. H Tyler; printing, Fred
1.. Hluner; prizes, .\. W. Meiggu; police and
press, W A Bchulti Jr.; on closing, 11. D.
Loveland; on games, P. J. Kenneday; aquatic
sports. I>. 1;
Tickets can be procured from any of
the general committees or any of the
wholesale houses represented.
AT THE PARK AND CLIFF.
E. W. Crook Is Painfully Injured by
the Kick of a Donkey.
Many thousand people left their homes
yesterday and spent the day in the open.
Big crowds congregated at the park.
Chutes and Sutro Baths, while the beach
was peopled for a mile below the Cliff
House. No serious accidents occurred
during the day. but E. W. Crook, who
resides at 260 Rose avenue, was painfully
injured. Mr. Crook was holding a child
on one of the little donkeys at the Chil
dren's Playground when tne animal got '
tired of Its burden, balked and when an j
effort was made to make it move it kicked
Mr. Crook in the side. Mr. Crook was
knocked down and sustained a fracture of
the right knee-cap. He was taken to the
Emergency Hospital, where the fracture
was set, after which he was removed to
IV.:-.
resneau of 336 Fell street was
struck in the mouth by a bail thrown by
[ his playmates. His lacerated lips
were dressed at the hospital, afb-r which
he also went home.
The walk of J. 11. Pu Bell over a wire
rope stretched from the scenic railway to
■ the pavilion at the Chutes was
the card at thai resort yesterday. After
iv< r and aII had enjoyed
ictlons Da Bell start' d "n
his journej .
and trick p< rforming on the wire at such
a dizzy height W"U film much applause.
The usual aquatic programme was dis-
WINS THE FAY MEDAL AT THE PIGEON SHOOT.
posed of at Sutro Baths with the follow
ing results: Fifty-yard dash, novice, w< i
by P. Guerin: 102-yard Bpecial race fo
boy?, won by B. Berry, D. Carroll second
100-yard tub race, Tom Baker won. M
Gardiner si-cond, W. Gardiner third
springboard diving, won by J. Laird. F
Bak^r second; trapeze and high diving
■won by A. J. Bakf-r. Otto Behulte second
■ ♦ .
Democratic Club Meeting.
There will b<' a meeting of the Fortieth
Assembly District Democratic Club to
night at Bear Hall, corner of Post and Fill
more streets. Judge Thompson and the
Hon. Joseph Gorman will deliver address
es on th<> political Issues <>f the day.
Speeches will also be made by the follow
ing members: George H. Cabaniss, E. P,
E. Troy, L.. F. Byington. E. L. Fitzger
ald, I>. M. Manzer and others. Copies '■:
the new primary law will be distributed
and the features of the measure discuss
ed. Edward R. Rock is president an<]
William F. Shean secretary of the club.
■ ♦ .
Ocean Water Tub Baths
101 Seventh ttreet. corner M-.srion. Sal
water direct frcm ocean.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JITKE 5, 1899.
SAN JOSE AND
OAKLAND EACH
TAKE A GAME
Two Beautiful Base
ball Contests.
ALMOST PERFECT FIELDING
FOUR DOUBLE PLAYS MADE
DURING THE AFTERNOON.
Dudes Miss a Golden Opportunity to
Score and the Dentists Return
Home Well Sat
isfied.
After two successive defeats, the tooth
carpenters from San Jose went against
the Dudes again at Recreation Park yes-
I trrday afternoon and won out by a score
of 3 to 2 in a contest that never devel
oped a dull or uninteresting spot.
The morning game at Golden Gate was
also a pretty contest, far better than the
score would indicate. It was a pitcher's
battle and the Officeholders managed to
m;tkp their shots just when safe hits
counted the most. Johnson was brought
back into game, and although his head
Is still troubling him severely, he fielded
his position nicely and tore oft three hits
in the two contests.
S;in Jose played a much steadier game
than it did Saturday, but was unfortun
, ate in not being able to hit when men
were on the cushions. Thirteen runners
left on bases shows the extent to which
they suffered from this misfortune. There
was a nice attendance, and when the
new electric road is in operation, giving
the Oakland cranks some means of reach
j ing the grounds besides working their
passage out on bicycles or being churned
in a home-made bus for an hour, the
; morning games at Golden Gate will prove
more profitable to the managers.
With the exception of a week ago, the
' crowd at Recreation Park In the after
noon was the largest of the season, and
every crank fully expected, in view of
i the turmoil that marked Saturday's pro
■ ceedinge, to witness a recurrence of hos
tilities, with possible bloodshed. But In
this they were disappointed, for the storm
clouds had entirely disappeared, the only
sign of the previous day's bitterness be
ing shown when Donovan went to bat in
' the first inning. Borchers was In the box
. for San Jose. It may have been acci
dental, or the Chief may have recalled
the jolt in the face Donovan gave Han
lon the day before, but however that may
be. Donovan was soaked by the first ball
' pitched— a wide inshoot that came with
, the speed that only the Chief can give a
; ball. Donovan grunted audibly and ca
j ressed his aching slats as he trotted to
first and for some time afterward, while
Borchers grinned sardonically and waited
for the next man. ♦»,„■_
Ewing and McGraw must have fed their
men lot lunch oa these little .^peed
lozenges they sometimes use at the rare
track for every one of the eighteen ath
letes was gingered up to the hmlt. Foi r
double plays in the first four inn ngs, of
which three fell to Oakland tells the
kind of ball that was played. And It was
fully appreciated by the spectators, the
majority of whom seemed to sympathize
with the dental operators.
The dudes played a fielding game such
as is seldom equaled and again demon
strated that they are the most finished
fielders In the league. Lange .Schmeer
and Peebles fairly ate base hits and
fhrew like fiends. Outflelding honors f
to Dunleavv, who throw one man out at
firm from deep left, completing a double
play, and pinched another at the plate.
fcussell pitched the first ha f of the game
for Oakland and in the third was found
for four hits, netting two tallies. He was
rather unsteady, however and after
opening the sixth with a base on bal a
Moskiman was substituted. Not a bit
was made off the doctor's delivery and not
a run was scored.
Borchers was effective in all but the
second inning, when he was jumped on for
three hits, resulting in Oakland s only
tallies H was this way: Hammond led
I off with a slow one to Leake and beat the
| ball out at first. He stole second and
rwent to third on Peeples' grounder to
! I.cake. Hanlon failed to hold the throw
and the kid was safe, only to be pinched
at second by Kent a moment later. John
son drove a pretty single to center, scor
ing Hammond, and after Hardin was as
sisted out at first by Anderson tallied on
Dunlevy's double to left. Russell flew to
Anderson, retiring the side.
San Jose made a brace of runs in the
third. ODea and Borchers led off with
singles and both scored on McGucken's
long double. After two men had gone out
.Anderson made another safe shot, but un
happlly settled matters by being nipped
at the plate by iMnilevy when he at
tempted to score on the hit. The last run
of the game was made by San Jose in
the fourth. Dalrymple was hit by a
pitched ball for the y,-cond time, went to
bi ''ond on a short passed ball and scored
on O'Dea's single to right. A lightning
i double play by Lange, Peeples and John
i son spoiled O'Dea"s hopes of getting
| around.
There w-as a period of deep suspense in
I the seventh inning, when Oakland filled
| the bases without a man being out. It
looked like a moral certainty that the
Dudes would at least tie the score, but
San Jose played ball as it has not played
before this peason, and Ewing's hopes of
making it three straight was blighted.
Hardin. thp first man up. was given a
pass. Dunlevy following with a nice sin
gle. Anderson's error of Moskiman's
grounder filled the bags. Donovan drove
the ball to ODea, who forced Hardin at
the plate, but all the cushions again had
occupants. Borchera did not lose his
nerve, however, although the Oakland
routers tried their best to rattle him,
and Schmeer struck out and Lange
i pushed a fly out to McGucken. In the
, eighth Hammond led off with a double
but npver got any further. Following are
the scores of both games:
MORNING GAME.
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Donovan, c. f 5 0 0 0 4 0 0
Schmeer, b. s 4 i) 1 0 4 2 1
Lange, 3 b 5 0 0 0 2 5
Hammond, c 4 0 1 0 S £ 0
! Peoples. 2b 4 3 3 0 0 0 0
Johnson, l b 4 2 2 o g 0 o
; Hardie, r. f 4 12 0 0 10
Dunleavy, 1. f 4 2 2 0 3 0 0
| Shea, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals 38 S 11 0 27 11 2
SAN' JOSE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. K.
McGurken, c. f 4 10 13 0
' Ix>ake. s. n 5 0 10 3 2 2
ilrahim, r f 5 0 2 0 10 0
, Anderson. 2 b 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Palrymple, 1. f 5 0 1 0 4 fl i
: Boreher?, lb 5 0 1 0 9 0
■O'Dea. 3 b .. 4 12 0 0 10
Andrews, p 3 0 2 0 0 4 0
Kent, c 3 0 0 0 4 10
Totals 37 2 9 1 27 11 ~4
HUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 0 01020203—8
I Base hits 0 0 112 13 0 3—ll
San Jose 0 00010010— 2
; Base hits 0 1122002 I—9
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Andrews, 4: Shea, 1
H'.nie run- Hurdle. Two-base hits— Johnson]
Borchen, ODea 2. Graham, Andrews. Saori
nYe lilt— Lango. First base on errors — Oakland
12: San Jope. 2. First bas»e on called balls—Oak
land. 1; San Jose. 4. Left on bases— Oakland.
4; San Jose, 13. Struck out— By Shea, 5; by
Andrews, 3. Hit by pitcher— Andrews. Passed
ball— Kent. Wild pitch— Andrews. Time of
Kame— l:3o Umpire-O'Connell. Official scorer
| -H. 8. ilcFarlin.
AFTERNOON GAME.
SAN JOSE.
AR. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E
McGueken, c. f 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
I^:ikc, s. s 3 0 0 0 0 11
Graham, r. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Anderson, 2 b 4 0 10 3 4 1
; Dalrymple, 1. f 1 1 0 1 1 0 0
i Hanlon, lb 3 0 0 0 12 0 1
O'Dea. 3 b 4 12 113 0
i Borchers, p 4 1 1 0 2 6 0
Kent, c 2 0 0 0 4 10
Totals 27 3 5 2 27 15 "i
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dono\-an, c. f 2 0 0 0 1 0 0
Schmeor, s. s 4 0 1 0 2 3 0
, Lange, 3 b 4 0 0 0 1 ; 0
■ Hammond, c 4 12 15 0 0
1 Peeples, 2 b 4 0 0 0 4 3 0
Johnson. 1 b 4 1 1 0 10 0 I
Hardie. r. f 3 0 10 10 0
Dunleavy, 1. t 4 0 2 0 3 10
Russell, p 2 0 10 0 10
Moßkiman, p 2 0 0 0 0 Jj _1
Totals 33 11 1 27 14 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Jose 0 0 2 10 0 000-3
Base hits 0 04100000-5
Oakland 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0-2
Base hits 0 3 1110 110-8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Borchers. 1: Russell, 2.
Two-base hits— Dunleavy. McGucken. Ham
mond. Sacrifice hits— McGucken. Donovan.
First base on errors— Kan Jose, 1: Oakland, 3.
First base on called balls— San Jose, I: Oak
land, 1. Left on bases— San Jose, 4; Oakland,
16. Struck out— By Borchers, 3: by Moskiman,
3. Hit by pitcher— Donovan, Dalrymple 2, Han
lon. Double plays— Dunleavy to Johnson;
Borchers to Hanlon; Schmeer to Peeples to
Johnson: I>ange to Peeples to Johnson. Passed
ball— Hammond. Time of game— l:3s. Umpire
— O'Connell. Official scorer— Stapleton.
SENATORS MEET DEFEAT.
SACRAMENTO. June 4.— Good, snappy
ball was played at Oak Park to-day, the
game resulting in a victory for the San
! Franciscos. The umpiring of Patsy Oa-
I hill was condemned by all" unprejudiced
j patrons. He favored the local team on
! every close play and made several glar
ing blunders in their favor.
Harvey was touched up for fourteen
j base hits and failed to retire a single
| man on strikes. The feature of the game
i was the batting of Swindells, who made
four safe hits out of four times at the
bat. Iberg, besides pitching a great
game, made three clean hits. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
I Hutchir.son, lb 4 0 0 0 10 1 0
[ Harvey, p 3 0 0 0 0 5 0
1 Doyle, r. f 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
j Kagan, s. s 4 1 1 0 2 1 0
j Stanley, c 4 0 2 0 2 2 0
! McLaughlin, I. t 4 0 0 0 2 10
Stulz. 2 b 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Shanahan, c. t 3 12 1110
Sheehan, 3 b 3 0 10 15 1
Totals 33 3 7 1 23 IS 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pyn». c. f 5 0 0 0 2 0 0
Krug, s. B 4 0 2 0 8 1 0
Rlley. 3 b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Sullivan, lb 4 1 3 1 S 0 0
Hild.Ttirandt, r. f... 4 1 0 1 1 0 0
Muller, 1. f 4 110 10 0
O'Nell, 2 b 3 0 10 12 0
Bwindella, c 4 14 0 5 3 0
Iberg, p 4 0 3 0 0 10
Totals H 4 14 2 27 9 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 01002000—3
Base hits 0 1201200 I—7
Fan Francisco 0 0120100*— 4
Base hits 0 0 2 4 2 2 2 2 •— l4
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Harvey. 3; Iberg. 3.
; H.me run— Eagan. Two-base hits— Shanahan.
i Swindells, Sullivan. First base on balls— By
Harvey, 1; by Iberg, 1. Left on bases—Sacra
mento, 4; San Francisco. S. Struck out— By
Iberg, 3. Double play— Hutchinson to Stanley to
Stulz to Hutchinson. Wild pitch— Harvey.
Time of game— l:4s. Umpire — P. Cahill. Scorer
-G. A. Griffin.
WHITEWASH FOR WAT
SONVILLE.
SANTA CRT'Z, June 4.— Santa Cruz
■whitewashed Watsonville this afternoon
in the presence of a big crowd, several
hundred being from Watsonvllle, in one
of the best gani<-.-; played this season.
The game was distinguished by brilliant
plays and Donlin's masterly pitching.
Watsonville only got a man on third base
twice and each time he was put out
at the home plate. Watsonville was help
less before Donlin's mystifying curves.
He had such perfect control that he
struck them out at will. Donlin struck
out twelve men and Whalen one. Whalen
also pitched a good game, but was batted
effectually when runs were needed. He
had excellent support. Not a run was
made until the fourth inning, when Don
lin made a home run by driving the ball
into right field. In the fifth inning Santa
Cruz increased the score two more by
Clark reaching home on Kleiber's three
base hit, and Kleiber scoring on Whalen's
wild pitch. ->ot another run was made
after it. Santa Cruz played an errorless
game, while Watsonville made one error.
SANTA CRUZ.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Williams. 2 b 4 0 10 5 10
Donlin, p 3 13 0 0 4 0
Devereaux, 3 b 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Pare, c 3 0 0 0 13 2 0
Clark. 1 b 3 110 3 0 0
Strieb. 1. f 2 0 0 0 0 0 0
Kloiber. s. s 3 1 1 0 3 3 0
Burge. r. f 3 0 0 0 10 0
Drennan. c. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Totals 27 3 6 0 27 11 0
WATSONVILLE.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Rrnckhoff, 3 b 2 0 0 0 0 1 1
Mr<arty, s. s 4 0 0 0 3 4 0
Courtney, c. f 4 0 10 2 0 0
Selna. 1 b 1 0 1 0 13 0 0
Morrow <• ?, o l 0 2 2 o
Plake, 2 b 4 0 0 0 2 2 0
Hayes, 1. f 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Rice. r. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Whalen, p 2 0 0 0 0 5 0
Total? 27 0 3 0 24 14 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 12 0 0 0 •— 3
Base hits 2 0 0 12 10 0 •— 6
Watsonville 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—o
Base hits 1 0 0 10 0 0 0 I—3
SUMMARY.
Earned run— Santa Cms. Home run— Donlin.
Three-base hit— Courtney. Sacrifice hit— Ptrleb.
First base on errors— Santa Cruz, 1. First base
on called balls— Watsonville. 7. Left on bases —
S.intfl Cruz. 1; Watsonvllle, 7. Struck out—
Donlin, 12: Whalen, 1. Double plays— Morrow
to McCarthy to Selna; Donlin to Kleiber to
Clark. Passed ball— Morrow. Time of Kame —
1:30. Umpire— R. Levy. Official scorer— H.
Fleisig.
Struck by a Car.
A young man giving his name as James
Robbins was struck by a car at Market
and Fourth streets last evening, but es
caped with a few slight bruises. 'He was
under the influence of liquor, and when
takon to the Receiving Hospital he be
came abusive and started to annihilate
the doctors. He was promptly seized and
removed to the prison, where he was
charged with being drunk.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IfTmeyers TidoT
Specialists for Ailments of Men 1
PAY WHEN CURED, H
Patients can arrange j?j
to pay ' when cured, or H
pay in monthly or i W
weekly Installments. H
I COHBDLTATION rBEE. |
fREB BOOK-HOME CUKES. I
DR. MEYERS & CO. cure and restore H
a great many men ever}' year without B
seeing them. Sufferers who cannot call n
should write for their book, "MAR- H
RIAGE GUIDE: PRIVATE COUN- ■
SELOR FOR MEN," symptom blanks, |
prices and full particulars of their won- E
derful Home-Cure System. H
731 MARKET ST. 1
BAN rSANCISCO Take Klsrttor. H
Radway's
Pills
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Cause
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For the cure of all disorders of the Stomach
Liver, Bowels, Kidneys, Bladder, Female Ir-
regularities, Sick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
stipation. Piles and all derangements of th*
Internal Viscera. toe a box. At Druggists,
or by mail. RADWAT * CO.. Naw York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Alaska Commercial Company.
FOR ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting there with our own vessels for
CAPE NOME, COLOVIN BAY, UN,
unl L liUlilL, UULuVlll Unl. UnifJUlii
And all points on the Yukon River. The new. magnificently fitted, FIRST-
CLASS STEAMSHIP
44 BERTHA,"
Now lying at Folsom-street Wharf No. 2, will sail POSITIVELY ON
JUNE Bth /\T 12 F*. 7VY..
To be followed at interval of about two weeks by Steamers "St PAUL" and
"PORTLAND."
For particulars as to freight and passage apply to
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 SANSOME STREET, San Francisco, Cal.
' At Auction!
TO-MORROW.
TUESDAY JUNE 6, 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON.
At Oup Salesroom, 638 Market St.
■
FORECLOSURE SALE.
West line (1750-56) Folsom st., 138 ft. north
of Fourteenth. 44x127 ft. : four elegant flats of
5, 5, 5 and 6 rooms and bath, all modern im-
provements; new plumbing: rents $65.
WESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOT.
North side McAllister St., 137:6 ft. west of
Fillmore St., 40x137:6 ft.: a fine site for sunny
flats or house with garden; desirable location;
surroundings good; cars convenient.
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
West side (15) Salmon st., and east side (8)
Hlmmelman St.,- 57:6 ft. south of Broadway
Bt., 20x60; two nice cottages of four rooms
each, fronting on different streets; rents $10 50
per month.
MODERN FLATS.
East side (139-141-141%) Chattanooga st., 90
! ft. north of Twenty-third St., 40x117:6 ft. to
■ rear street; four new modern flats of 7 and 5
rooms and bath, porcelain tubs, etc.; large
two-story stable on rear street.
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
North side Seventeenth St., 155 ft. east of
Market. 25xS0; a fine building site, half block
from junction of Market and Castro sts.
GUERRERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
West Fide Guerrero St.. 45 ft. north of Four-
teenth, 45x76:4: fine building lot In good rent-
ing locality, one block from transfer point.
MISSION-ST. RESIDENCE.
West side (2114) Mission st., 23:4 ft. south of
' Clarion St., 23:4x80; two-story bay-window
house of 8 rooms and bath; in business neigh-
borhood.
BY ORDER OF ADMINISTRATOR.
South Bide Duncan st. 240 ft. east of Noe
St., 25x114: cheapest lot in this neighborhood;
all ready for building; subject to confirmation
of court.
PRECITA-AVE. LOTS.
South Bide Precita aye.. 500 ft. west of Fol-
som st., 80x123. or three good lots all ready
for building; street work done.
CUMBERLAND-ST. LOTS.
North side Cumberland St., 105 ft. west of
Sanchez St., 75x114; three lots well situated;
fine view; good investment.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Auctioneers, 638 Market st.
|V|C:O\/IT" A Mm vitality
IMCnvl I M LOST vigor.
jrfsß& — AND MANHOOD
K2Jti^*i Cures ImP 01 " 1^ Night Emissions and wasting
{jnS)>9& diseases, all effects of self-abuse, or excess and
mSJ'^JTj indiscretion. A nerve-ionic and blood-builder.
' vi *4fwr Brings the pink glow to pale cheeks and re»
&.I&^_ / stores the fire of youth. By mail 500 per
|J^£^3!£ boxi 6 boxes for $2.50; with a written
efi *4n^fj^ v 1 guarantee to cure or refund the money-
ikrvita medical Co., Clinton « Jackson st*., Chicago.
E. L. Baldwin A. Co.. Druggists. 8 Market. S. F.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RT. CO.
LKSSSH
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
BAN FRANCISCO TO BAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:SJ,
i 1:80, 6:10, f:SO p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
! at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at VM
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30. 11:06 a. m.; 1:8», 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
j WEEK DAYS— «. IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a, m. li:4i
8.40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at
1:65 and 0:85 p. m.
BUND ATS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 1:40, a**, ,
i 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetztn Park i
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
Ban Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 18. .i j
Week . Sun- I»S9. Sun- Week !
' Days. days. Destination. days. Days. !
j, . !
i 7:30 am S:ooam Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm', 10:25 am
1:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pta
Fulton.
t:M*m Windsor. 10:35 am
Healdbburg,
Lytton,
Geyservllle,
1:80 pm 8:00 am Gloverdale. 7:16 pm 6:20 pra
7:30 am Hopland and 10:25 am
' 8:30 pm 8:00 am Uklah. 7:16 pm 6:20 pro
I 7:80 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:85 pm
j 1:10 pm 6:23 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
1:10 pm 5:60 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:30 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am Sebaatopol. 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:80 pm 5:00 pm 7:36 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springe and White Sulphur Springs; at Lytton
: for Lytton Springe; at Geyservllle for Skaggs
' Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hop-
i land for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake- !
i port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
! Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel :
' Dell Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Porno. I
Potter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, I
: Boonevllle, Phtlo, Christine, Soda Springs, !
Navarro, Whltesboro, Albion, Little River,
; Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, .
; Westport, Usal. Wlllltts. Laytonvllle. Cum- i
! tnlng's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. '
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at ;
reduced rates. j
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
j beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offl*as, 650 Market St., Chronicle bldf.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
General Manager.. Gen. Pass. Agent
Santa Fe Route
The ONLY LINE With Its Own
Tracks California to
Chicago.
Every day In the year Pullman
Palace and Pullman Upholstered
Tourist Cars leave 'Oakland Mole
at 5:30 P. M. for CHICAGO and the
EAST.
Close connection in Union Sta-
tions at Junction points
DINING ROOMS are managed by j
MR. FRED HARVEY, and are per-
fect in every detail, serving sump-
tuous meals at regular hours and
reasonable rates.
No other line offers so many In-
ducements as the SANTA FE route.
| SAN FRANCISCO TICKEroTTICE — 628 MARKET ST,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1511.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street.
1 ' San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC lO.HPANT.
(pacific system.)
Trains l*»n« »ml mc due to urrlre at
SAN FUANCINCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From Jt-nel, 1899. — arritb
7:00 a Denicia. Suiaun and Sacramento . . . 5: 1 ."> p
?:OOa Marysrille. OroTilleaad Redding via
Woodland 3:-l.lp
7:OOa Elmira, Vacaville and Rumsey 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Uaraon, Vallejo. Napa,
Calistoea and Santa Rosa fi:lsr
8:00 a Atlautfc Express. Ogden and Kast.. S:lsp
■ ::s»>A Sau Jose, I.ivermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerville,
Maryavitlo. C'liico, Hed Ifluli 4i1.1p
8:3Oa "Milton, Oakdaleand Houora 4:I. l ip
0:00 a Haywarda. Nilefl and Way Stations. 11:45 a,
9:00 a Martinez, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton,
Merci-d and Fresno 1 2:1 5 p
»■«•» Fresno, Bakerslield. Santa Rarhara.
Los Angeles. Demicg, El Faso,
New Orleans and East 6:15p
1O:OOa Valkjo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:15p
1 1 :OOa Haywards. Niles and Way Stations. 2:45?
I 2:00 m KUes, Livermore, Stockton, Sacra-
mento, Mendota, Hanford, Vis&lia,
Pcrteirille ■ 4:i3p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «8:00»
3:OOp Haywards, Niles and Way Stations. 0:45r~
4 too Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa. Calistoga, Suuta Rosa o>ls*
4:06p Benicia, Vacaville, Sacramento,
Wood and, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Oroville 1 0:49
4:30p Niles, San Jose and Stockton 7:15^
4:80p Yoßemite Sleeping Car for Raymond 12:15*
S:OOpTho Owl. Tracy. Fresno, Bakers-
field, Saugus for Santa Barbara,
Los Angeles 9:45 a
0:80p Stockton, Merced, Fresno 13:15?
5:30p Martinez, Tracy. Mendota, Fresno,
Mojava and Los Angeles 8:45 4
Si3«p Santa F« Route Atlantic Express
for Mojava and East 6:43
6:0«p European. Mail. Ogden and East.... 9:45 a.
6:00p Haywards, NilesandSan Jose 7:45*
•6:0(M- Vullejo 13:15?
7:00 1> Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
villo, Redding, rovtland, Puget
Sound uii'l East 7i45«,
J«t»»p Vallejo, Port Costa and "Way Sta-
ttons tl0:50f
COAST VISION (Narrow flange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
J7:45a Bant* Cruz Excursion for Santa "**?
Cruz and Principal Way Stations tS:«3f
8:13 a Newark, Centerville, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations OiSOf
2:l*p Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations '10:50 a
4:13p San Jose, Glenwood and Way Sta-
tions 9:2* A
b4:l3p Felton, Santa Cruz and Way Sta-
tiops / 9:30 4
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rramSin mXCISCO— Fee or Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. J1:00 *2:03 t3:0»
•4:00 tB:0O *6:00p.U.
From OAIUKD— FooI of Brcjdwiv. — "6:00 8:00 10:00 A.M.
112:00 »I:QQ t2:QO »3:00 ti:QO «8:03f.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Gauge).
(Third and Townsend Sta.)
•6:10 a Ocean View, South San Francisco.. *6:30p
I •7:OOa San Jose and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) l:3Op
{7:36 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Stations ;5:35»
BiAAa San .lose. Tres Plnos, Hauta Cruz.
.... Pacilic Grove, Paso ICobles, San
I .ills Oblspo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:lt>p
10:10* San Jose and Way Stations # 8:004
11:80 a San Jose and Way Stations 5:80*
•ai43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Sau Jose.
Gilroy, Hollister. Santa Cruz,
Balin&s, Monterey and P&cino
Grove. •10:304
•3:30p Ran Jose and Way-Stations *9:00*
•4:15p San Jose Principal Way Stations 9:43*
•5:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations *8:35 a
6: 30 p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30?
t11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30?
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. "
• Sunday eicepted t Sunday only. t Saturday onlft
oSaturday and Sunday. /Sunday and Monday. >
A Superb Train
EVERY DAY IN THE YEAH
♦^PUnion Pacific.
SAN FRANCISCO TO CHICAGO
WITHOUT CHANGE.
BUFFET SMOKING AND library OAZUI
WITH BARBER SHOP. '
DOUBLE DRAWING room SLEEPERS.
FREE RECLINING chair CARS.
Pullman TOURIST sleepers.
dining cars (a LA CARTE).
ONLY 8% dats to CHICAGO.
LM.res San Francisco dally at • p. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General A««nC
Wo. I Montgomery street, San Francisco.
HQRTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
▼to SMMlit* Ftmr.
Commencing April 23, 1299.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— •8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a- m.|
•1:45, 3:20, 4:00. 6:15, »6:00, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael, on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays, at 11:00 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •B:OO. •9:00, •10:00. 11:00. 11:30.
a. m. : 1:00, »1:45. »2:30, »4:00. B:JO. 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Raf'l Sundays.
6:30 p. m. does Dot run to Mill Val'y Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »6:40. 7:65. 8:40, «10:2O
a. m. ; 12:10. 2:15. *3:40. 4:15. 6:15 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays, at 6:40 and 10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:OO, '8:00, »9:45. »10:45, »11:45
a. m., 1:00. 8:20. *3:30, 'SaS, 'S-.W. 7:00. 10:15
p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:4S. 5:50. 7:53. 8:55. 1015
a. m. : 12:35. 2:45, 4:55. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays, at 7:00, 10:20 p. m
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:00, 11:10 a. m.: 1205-
-1:20. 2:40, 3:65, 5:30, 6:30. 10:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
*:20 p. m. Saturdays— and way sta'ns!
6:16 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Point Reves and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Sundays— Pt. Reyes and way sta'ns.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Jan. 2S. 1899. trains will run an follow*.
Bouth-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passea-
«er. Sunday Stations, Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Exc'ptd Dally.
7:20 am 10:30 am Stockton 3:45 pin 6:00 pra
»:10 am 2:05 pm Merced 12:40 pm 4:13 pm
10:40 am 0:35 pm> Fresno 9:30 am 2:42 pra
11:38 am 7:46 pm Hanford 7:45 am 1:45 pm
1:25 12:30 am Bakersfleld 1:00 am 11:00 ara
11:59 am j 6:25 pm Vlsalla 8:40 ami 1:22 pm
11:15 pmi 6:53 pm| Tulare 6:50 ami 1:05 pm
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
For particulars of stage and other connections
Inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 821 Mark**,
street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
Leave San rrunclsco, via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing SUNDAY. April 23, 1599.
WEEK DAYS. 9:30 a. m. and 1:45 p. m.
Extra trip on Monday, Wednesday and Satur-
day at 5:15 p. m.. Returning Same Even-
ings, Arriving in S. F. at 11:20 p. m.
! 6UNDAYS, 8. 9. 10 and 11 a. m. and 1:45. 2:M
and 4 p. m.
On May SO Trains Run on Sunday Time-.
Fare, 8. F. to Summit and Return, $1 40.
THO6. COOK & BON. Asts.. 621 Market tUIDENTIFIED
HIS TROUSERS
ON A BURGLAR
William Cotter Is in a
Bad Box.
LANDED IN THE COUNTY JAIL
VIOTORMAN HALLID AY CHARGES
HIM WITH BURGLARY.
Accused Was a Passenger on His Cai
and One of His Pants' Legs
Was Longer Than the
Other.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
id way, June 4.
The usually o,uiet suburb Klmhurst was
•■;■: into a fever of excitement to-day
over what is claimed to be the clever
capture of the burglar who recently raid
ed several houses in that vicinity, carry
ing off considerable money, jewelry and
clothes.
The alleged burglar Is William Cotter,
who was brouie-! ■ ■ ■ ■
evening. He was arrested near Elmhursl
by Deputy Sheriff Quinlan on a warrant
issued by Justice Larue of East Oakland
on a complaint sworn to yesterday by
G. E. Halliday, a motorman on the Hay-
Is electric line.
Among numerous others the home of
Halliday at Elmhurst was included in
cent b'irelarious visitations. From
his home three suits of clothes were
stolen and a few days ago he
the stolen trousers on a pa
flighting from hi
he again saw the same man and
me, Becured th.:
a warrant for his arrest.
s afternoon Cotter once more
led Halliday's car and was p
out to the deputy sheriff, who landed him
County Jail.
illlday contends that the
session is nine points In law"
works both ways, and that, therefore,
In his possession the stolen
■■ thp -nan who stole them.
: lv expresses v.r.x the slightest doubt
- ■ the identity of ihe pants, claiming
that certain buttons on the same w< re
1 on by himself, and that one of
the legs i? slightly longer than the other.
n the other hand. Btoutly
"hat he obtained th* trousers "from
another man." but whether from Halliday
riv homsoever he oeclir.es to make
known.
SEARCH FOR BONES
WILL BE CONTINUED
ALAMEDA. June 4.— Fritz Boehmer Jr.,
who brought to light the grewsome relics
of the murder supposed to have been
committed years ago in the old Bisset
place, will continue his search for further
evidences of the crime. He believes that
the treasure of the old Mexican, said to
have lost his life in a combat with the
mysterious Spaniard, is still buried be
neath the historical old building.
The statements of Mrs. Waltz of 2846
Van Buren street concerning her experi
encff the day after the wealthy Mexican
disappeared confirms his belief that the
treasure is still hidden near the ancient
building.
It is evident that the Spaniard murdered
the Mexican for his money, for there was
no other apparent reason why he should
have taken the old man's life, but Mrs.
Waltz believes that he did not get away
with the treasure. She thinks that ..e
was so badly frightened when he was
surprised by her and her girl friend the
day after the supposed homicide that he
fi.-d after burying the remains of his vic
tim In the cellar, without stopping to
hunt for coveted gold.
There is every indication that all the
secrets of the mysterious cellar have not
vet been unearthed. Strange marks and
stakes with peculiar inscriptions en
ccurage Mr. Boehmer In the belief that
he will uncover a veritable gold mine
before he gets through with the job. Much
bidden treasure has been found in that
section of the city. Large crowds visited
the place to-day, but the cellar where
the uncanny relics were found was care
fully guarded. The work of demolishing
the "building will be continued to-morrow,
and when the main section of the build
ing is reached a careful search will be
made for other evidences of old time
crimes. Mr Boehmer states that one old
lady who occupied the structure recently
complained of mysterious noises emanat
ing from the cellar. She was decidedly
superstitious and consulted a spirit medi
um. She was told that the ground under
th.6 structure was studded with the bones
of dead men. Soon afterward she va
cated the premises.
Death of Rev. J. E. Luhr.
OAKLAND. June 4. -Rev. John E. Luhr.
who recently underwent an operation for
<!ay at hi? home.
Maernolia street. Deceased was ■<•• native
of Minnesota, aged 38 years, and leave? a
Widow and two children. Rev. Mr. Luhr
| regular charge, but conducted re
llgioua rmetlnes in Schimmelpfennig Hall
Lst Twelfth street.
Died on His Camping: Trip
OAKLAND, June 4.— City Wharfinger
Fred Murdoch received sad news this
evening of the death of his son. William
A. Murdoch, which occurred at i'k;ah to
-• ! waa a locomotive fireman
TENNIS CHAMPION OF
HAWAIIAN ISLANDS
Jl Former Berke
ley Student Sets
th/e J-lofiop.
BERKELEY. June «.— Cbarlea Al-
len Elston, a former Berkeley I
student, and now teacher of
natural science in the High
School at Honolulu, has won the t*-n-
nis championship for the Hawaiian
Islands. Elston graduated from the
University «>f California In 1897 and
was one of the most popular students
In college. He took the university
medal for scholarship, holding- the
highest record in his class, and was
also captain of the 'varsity baseball
during his last year here. While
tennis was by no means his strong
point in athletics, he was always recognized as a player of promise.
The championship games in which the young Berkeley student distin
guished himself were played in Honolulu on May 24. As the result of the
prelimlnariei the contest lay between Elston and F. C. Atherton. The two
men were members of rival tennis clubs, Atherton of the Pacific and Elston
of the Bretania. The game between them is reported to have been one of the
led athletic events in Honolulu, and the interest of the spectators
Übied by the rivalry between the two organizations which the players
represented. Jt was Elston's first attempt on the championship courts, but
■ 1 gained the day. The first set was won .by Atherton, with a score of
2—6, but the three sets following brought the championship to the U, C. man,
the score standing S—l, 6—3, 6 — *.
in the employ of th" Southern Pacific
company and a few days ago laid off with
his engineer to enjoy a ten days' outing.
They were in company near I'kiah when
young Murdoch became afflicted with in
flammation of the bowels, whirh proved
He was a native of Lake County,
aged about 21 y< a: s.
DOW WILL WAIT.
No Vacation Until After the Next
Board Meeting.
OAKLAND. June 4.— Police Commis- \
sioner Dow will not leave for his vaca
tion to-morrow, reports to the contrary
notwithstanding. He will remain at
l^ast until after the regular meeting of '
the Fire and P i missioners next ;
Wednesday. Interested parties have been j
Struggling ely to bring Mayor
Snow and Mr. Dow together, and it is
now believed that by next Wednesday
some arrangement will have been agreed ,
upon.
"1 have had no conference with Mayor
Snow said Mr. Dow to-night.
"regarding any changes in the personnel
of the Police Department. I never told
any one that 1 expected to go on my va
cation on Monday. I shall not leave for j
lI days, and perhaps a week."
Nor was any new light on th>-> situation
•: from City Engineer Clement, the'
■ 'ommißsl
far as I know the Commissioners
will hold their regular meeting on next ;
." said Mr. Clement to-night. I
rtiere has been no call for a special
nd 1 know of no change in the |
Pacific Pigeon Races.
ALAMEDA, June 4.— The Pacific I'lgeon
r'lub. with headquarters in Alameda. had
a 100-mik to-day from Marysville.
ties were as follows: Dr. Thomas
ter, 6 birds; J. G. Lubben, 10: E.
oily, 10 George Lubben, 13; Paul
■ of Fruitvale, 7; A. Lern
1'- ntervllle, 5.
The b released at 7:30 o'clock
this morning. The Schlotzhauer birds
■-. with a record of f 1 "
i minute; Carpenter second. 554 yard?;
■ third, 803 yards. The Lemhardt
tched their cote within the time
limit, but as the distance had not been
. computed they were ruled out.
The club will give a race for old birds
Bluff.
Unknown Dead on Goat Island
OAKLAND, June 4.— The body of an
unknown man was found this afternoon
at the northwest point of Goat Island by
H. C. Olsen. Coroner Mehrmann was im
mediately notified, but beinff outside his
territorial jurisdiction the San Francisco
1 Coroner took charge.
■ ♦ • __
General Ezeta Seriously 111.
OAKLAND. June 4.— G< ra] Antonio
Ezei l. I t of Sai Baiva
. verj critical i on litlon at his
home in this city. He was suddenly
seized with acin- gestion of the lungs
I >r. Crowley says he is not out of
r.
THE FOURTH OF JULY
SUB-COMMITTEES
CHAIRMAN G. R. FLETCHER AN
NOUNCES THEM.
Headquarters Established at the
Grand Hotel to Prepare for a
Grand Celebration.
The Fourth of July general committee
has commenced active preparations for a
; grand celebration of the nation's birth
; day. Headquarters has been established
at the Grand Hotel and the executive
committee will hold a meeting to-night
'■ to make preliminary arrangements.
Chairman George R. Fletcher has ap-
I pointed the following committee to wait
j on the United States Army and Navy
j Departments to request their co-opera
; tion in the celebration: Stephen V. Cos
tello. T. P. Robinson, J. J. McCarthy, J.
M. Chretien and W. J. Herrin.
Mr. Fletcher has also appointed the
following sub-committees:
Finance Committee — W. H. Herrin (chaJr- I
man). F. li. Potts, Irvin Graham, T. Treacy.
Rudolph Herold. F. W. Lees. W. W. MeNaJr,
Captain W. G. Leale. Major P. J. Harney, Al
Lehrkc J. M. Wllkins. Charles Ulrlch, George.
S. Graham. Luke Battles. L. H. Clement. P.
J. Gray. Frank French, I. Erb, Howard Ver
non. A. G. Pratt, W. ,7. .7 bson, L. J. Brannan.
J. C. Dlnne, S. M. Bettman, G. J. Martin.
Executive Committee— George R. Fletcher
(chairman), Robert W. Dennis (secretary).
Fteve V. Coetello Fred Raabe, Sim Dannen
baum, J. J. Flynn, G. D. Phillips, W. J. Her
rin, E. L. Wagner. Henry Ryan, Charles
Kenealley, Thomas B. Eaean. George W. Elder,
James H. O'Brien, Percy L. Henderson, T. P.
Robinson, John J. Caasldy, J. M. Wilklns, Fred
W. Lees. P. .1. Walßh, J. M. Chretien. T.
Treacy. R. J. Welch, G. H. S. Dryden, J. .1.
McCarthy. Al Lehrke, Luke Battles, D. F.
Crowley. Z. U. Dodge, A. A. Borlini Jr.. J.
V. Collins. W. F. Humphreys, Leonard Stone,
E. R. Rock. E. .1 Banning. Dr. G. S. Bachman.
James P. Dockery, James S. Devlin, John T.
Sullivan, Charles F. Curry.
Parade committee — A. A. Borlini Jr. (chair
man), T. P. Robinson (secretary), J. Schwartz,
J. M. Hanley, Ben Davis.
Invitation committee— George W. Elder
(chairman'), H. I. Fisher, B. P. Jelllson, Ma
jor Ed Lewis, Dawson Mayer.
Carriage committee — James H. O'Brien
(chairman). Henry Ohlandt. James S. Devlin,
H. R. Fee, Z. V. Dodge.
Fireworks committee— T. P. Robinson (chair
man), William Bendt, J. Holts, J. M. Chretien,
Thomas Eagan.
Regatta committee— L. Henderson
'chairman). George H. S. Dryden. P. J. Walsh.
J. J. McCarthy, G. D. Phillips. William Bar
ton. C. M. Fisher.
Printing committee— V. Collins (chairman).
W. T. Kibbler, J. Kearney. I. Blumm, J. J.
Caasldy.
Decoration committee— Al I^hrke (chairman),
F. E. Wallace, Sam Dannenbaum, Frank Les
ter. Ben Cleary.
Auditing committee — Henry Ryan (chairman),
George R. Fletcher, Stephen V. Costello.
Reception committee— B. Eagan
(chairman). E. L. Warmer, John B. Broder,
Dan O'Callahan, Dawson Nichols.
Music committee— Fred Raab» (chairman),
Henry Ryan. John Wiese, Senator F. W. Bur
nett. Ulrich Remensperger.
Literary committee— Edward J. Banning
(chairman), William *" Humphreys, J. F. Ly
ons. E. W. Williams. Ben Tarbox.
Fell From His Wheel.
Oeorge Casey, a young man, while
F<-orching along Greenwich street, near
Baker, last evening fell from his wheel
nnd received a deep rut over his left eye.
The injury was dressed at the Receiving
Hospital.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1890.
UTSCHIG VIES
WITH FAKTOR
AT SCHUETZEN
Marksmen Make a
Tie Score.
0. BREMER A CLOSE SECOND
YON WYLL TRIUMPHS IN TWO
DIFFERENT SHOOTS.
a Large Attendance and Good Marks
manship of the Members of
Three Clubs at San
RafaeL
PAX RAFAEI* June 4.— Owing to the 1
picnic of th<-> Retail Grocers' Protective
Union and the pleasant weather, the at
tendance of marksmen at the Sehuetzen
Park shooting ranges to-day was larger
than usual. Threo cluhs — the California
Schuetzen, the Grutli and the Verein
Eintracht Schuetzen Section— were at the
butts, and some excellent scores were
made.
The California held only a medal
shoot, in whirh each of the contestants
shot off two strings. The highest single
score was made by O. Bremer. but both
John L'tschig Sr. and D. B. Faktor made
scores aggregating more points than
Bremer* total. In detail the scores of
the California marksmen were:
John Cttchig Sr. 2::-21 S. D. B. Faktor 222-2 K. O.
Brtrner 224-2H, F. E. Mason 218-217, A. Striker
.. F. P Schu^tf-r z2"->'.>. F. A. Kuhls 211
--186 C Meyer 212-209, J. L. Utschlg 214. rharies
Pageh.-rn 185-1«2, J. Jones 191-187, J. Straub
IS3-m J C Waller LB4-184, A. Hampel I-i 184,
M. Reubold 158-122, D. W Mclaughlin 202-171,
A UtschiK 171-161, A. Breuaa 204-Ul. F. C.
Hageru;. 148-125, A. Jur.sblut 206 204, C. J. Wal
. ■ 195, 3 Wolhuer 204-200, F. A. Pehrumpf
174-137. I- C. Rabin 167-147, R. Finking 17S-166,
Captain F. Attinßer. 206-204, F. H. Belknap 140-
Bl J E Gorman 217-197, J. Tammeyer 190-185,
R Stettin 188-183, R. Langer 189-184 Cadet's
class-!: v." ••- 21E 203, J. Kullmann 194-189
A. yon Wyell succeeded in carrying off
the highest honors In both the Grutli
medal ami bullseye contest. In the first
his score was ML I" the medal shoot of
this club the following scores were made:
Champion claw, A. yon Wyll Ml; first class,
nd class, Louis Hauaer 3*i;
third class, no contest; best first shot, Oeorge
R. Hauser 24; best last sh r 't. Louis Hauser 21.
Thf monthly bullseye shoot of the same
organization * resulted in the marksmen
taking place according to the excellence
of their Bcores, as follows:
Fir-n A yon Wyll; second, F third,
O A 'Hauler; fourth, Charles Out; fifth, F.
Baumßartner; sixth. A. Studer: seventh. L.
R Stettin established himself as cham
pion for the time In the Verein Enitracht
medal shoot with a Bcore of 4":. in the
champion class. In order came the other
contestants as follows:
First class, John Zahn 335; second class, C.
Ehlineer 367; third class, C. F. Over 263; best
first sh.»t. H. Stettin 22; best last shot, A.
Winner 23.
SHELL MOUND SHOOTING.
Five Clubs Gather at the Ranges.
The Scores in Detail.
Members of five shooting organizations
gathered at the Shell Mound targets yes
terday. Shooting, good, bad and indiffer
ent, was participated in by the Deutscher
Krieger Verein, Naval Militia, Swiss
Rifles Independent Rifles and Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club.
Following are the individual scores:
Naval Militia regular monthly medal shoot:
Fir«t division— Master at Arms H. Harris,
40- Sergeant C •' Dennis, 31; B. Kaufner. 35;
J. 'Toussalnt, 32; W. Llndecker, 37; W. Morgan.
3°- F Severance. 25; A. Alphonse, 36; A. (Jul
lan 39- G. Osborne, 18: R. Nathan, 12; P. Mul
ler' 15 Second division— E. Holllday, 30; H.
Hilton 23; C Anderson, 17; C. Bob, 26; G.
Hammond, 35; G. Button, 16; A. McCabe, 31;
F Button 30- F. Benson, IS; F. Burgess, 38: R.
Blake 30; V. Paris, 26, J. Garrett. IS; F. Short,
18- M. Bazzini. 24; F. Lheureux, 34.
Swiss Sharposhoters' yearly medal shoot— Out
of a possible -■"■ A. Bertola scored 19; S. Mares!,
17; P. J. Camozzl. IT; J. L. Camozzl, 14; each of
whom won a medal. ..!*".'
Prizes were won by A. Bertola, 14 (out of a
possible 16); S. ScasclghinJ, 13; J. L Camozzl,
12; P J Camozzl, 12.
Independent Rifles' monthly shoot— R. V.
Either 4". G. Kellenberger, 39; C. Gllborson.
M Corporal J. A. Stang. 3S; Corporal P.
Schonlg, 37; Corporal G. B. Worthington, 36;
C Ivere'on 27; C. Frederickson, 25; H. Gaetjen
Jr 25; Corporal H. Frederickson, 21; F. H.
Leiin, 17; Sergeant C. Andrews, 3S; J. Dono-
Shooting section of the Deutscher Kreiß-er
Verein monthly bullseye shoot— First prize.
George Hetzel; second, C. Weggemann; third.
Charles Myer; fourth, L. Laubscher; fifth, F.
Kayser.
Medal shoot— First champion claps, C. Wegge
mann 412; second champion class, Q. Hetzel,
3*5- first class. J. Bender, 390; second class, X.
Sllbersohn, 32.'.; third class, C, Myer, 296; most
centers F. Kayser: first best shot, C. Myer. 25;
last best shot, F. Kayser. 23.
Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club monthly class
medal shoot (rifle): Experts— A. H. Pane, 66;
F O Young. 62. Sharpshooters— O. M. Barley,
86- M J. White, 109. Marksmen— G. Mannel,
91- Mrs. Mannel, 169; Mrs. White, 170.
All-comers' rifle re-entry match— A. H. Pape,
50; F O. Young, 60; O. Mannel, S2; Mrs. Man
nel, 130. r ;,' : V V ;
Pistol. 50 yards, class medals for members,
experts— M. DaISS 41. O. M. Barley 44, F. O.
Young 57. M. J. White 6?. A. H. Pape 60.
Sharpshooters— P. Cosgrave Go, Mrs. M. J.
White 66, Marksman G. Mannel 87, Mrs. O.
Mannel 104.
Re-entry matches, Slebe pistol medal— A. H.
Pape 46 52, 57. 68; C. M. Deiss, 60, 50, 52, 63,
66; F. O. Young. 56. 60.
Lewis revolver trophy— C. M. Daiss 68, F. O.
Young 78, M. J. White *6.
Small rifle medal— G. Mannel, 26, 30; A. H.
Pape, 29. ___^_________
TRIPLE TRAGEDY DUE
TO FAMILY QUARREL
Mother Takes the Lives of Her Two
Daughters and Commits
Suicide.
NEW YORK, June 4.— Mrs. Johanna
I Schilling, 25 years of age, with her two
j daughters, Gertrude, nc>->d 10, and Edna,
| aged 8, were found dead to-day in their
i rooms In a tenement. All had been as
i phyxiated by errs?, doubtless turned on by
j the mother. The tragedy evidently grew
! out of a quarrel between the woman and
| her husband. Otto Schilling, a tailor.
When neighbors broke In the door to
■ night they found the body of Mrs. Schill
ing lying on the bed. B-side her and
j clasped in her mother's arms was Edna.
; Gertrude had evidently tried to get out of
| the room. Her body was lying near the
■ door. Several letters addressed to rela
! tives and friends were In the room. One
to the husband read:
"We have been too hasty and I was so
: lonesome here. I take all the blame. I
i was always your good wife. Ott<->, and I
i love you dearly. God forgive us. Good
by. "four loving wife, JOHANNA."
Involuntary Manslaughter.
SAN DIEGO. June The Jury in the
! case of Sam J. Black, on trial for the
! murder of John Patterson, came Into
court this afternoon and returned a ver
dict of involuntary manslaughter. Pat-
I terson, who was a watchman at the Land
! and Town Improvement Company's or
: chard at National City, was shot and
killed by Black in December, 1896. Black
has had one previous trial, the jury in
that case failing to agree. The jury
which found the verdict to-day was out
I twenty-seven hours. ,
Hereditary Viciousness.
STOCKTON. June 4.— Another illustra
tion of hereditary criminality is found in
the case of Thomas Martin Jr.. who was
yesterday brought to the State Asylum
for the Insane from Calaveras County.
The young man is a mute and the son
of the man who recently was convicted
in that county of the murder of Nicholas
Mason. While at large in Calaveras Conn
ty young Martin was a constant source of
terror to the school children. He delight
ed in cruelty to animals. Recently he
killed outright a valuable bull belonging
to a rancher. He finally became so dan
gerous that he was arrested and com
mitted to the asylum. It is said he has an
uncle who is an inmate of an insane asy
lum.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postoffice Changes, Pensions and
Army Orders Affecting Western
Posts.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 4.— A post-
Gfflce has been established at Rosemine,
San Bernardino County, and William
Grant was appoint ?<1 postmaster.
By direction of the Secretary of War,
Brigariier General Theodore Srhwan, V.
S. V. (colonel and assistant adjutant gen
eral. T\ S. A.), Is relieved from duty in
the office of the adjutant general of the
aimy, and will proceed, accompanied hy
; his authorized aid-de-camp, to San
; Francisco, and on arrival there will report j
by telegraph to the adjutant general of i
the army for further instructions.
Captain John D. C. Hosklna, Third j
United States Artillery, will proceed with- j
out delay to Angel Island, California, and i
report in person to the commanding offl- j
cer. Third United States Artillery, for
further orders.
Acting Assistant Surgeon J. Milton I
Heller, U. S. A., is relieved from tem
porary duty at Fort Myer, Va., and will ;
proceed to San Francisco, and report in
I • rson to the commanding general. De
partment of California, for assignment
to duty.
Acting Assistant Surgeon J. C. Garling- !
i ton, U. S. A., is relieved from further
duty at the United States General Hos«
pltal, Port McPherson, Ga.. and will pro
to San Francisco and report in psr- :
' son to the commanding general. Depart- j
ment of California, for assignment to
! duty.
Lieutenant Colonel Henry Wagner,
j Fourth United States Cavalry, Is relieved
, from duty with that regiment, and will
n | "it by letter to the commanding gen
eral, Department of California, for assign -
; ment to temporary duty In that depart- ;
i ment.
Private John Morris, Seventh United
Artillery, now at Fort Slocum. ;
New York. Is transferred to the Twelfth
United States Infantry. He will be sent ;
i to the Presidio of Sa.i Francisco and will
report upon his arrival to the command-
Ing officer, who will supply him with
transportation to Manila.
Private Charlea Rademacher. Battery G,
Third United States Artillery, now at the
United States General Hospital. IV
of San Francisco, will be discharged fp>m
the servl< t the United States.
The following named enlisted men,
stationed at the Presidio of San Fran-
Cisco, are transferred as first class!
privates to the Signal Corps. U. P. A.:
Private Cleveland C. Collins, Troop L,
; Fourth United States Cavalry; Private
Robert 1.. Stuber, Company D. Fourth
United States Infantry; Private Oliver G.
Simmons. Company D, Fourteenth United :
States Infantry. They will be sent to j
Manila.
First class Private Isaac Lloyd, now at !
1". ri Reno. Oklahoma Territory, is or-
I to Fori Yates, North Dakota, to r^- ;
i lieve Sergeant Daniel D. McCarthy. ;
| Sergeant McCarthy when thus relieved ;
. will be sent to the Presidio of San Fran- |
Cisco, and will report upon his arrival to ;
' the commanding officer, who will supply i
• him with transportation to Maml.a.
i Sergeant Magnus Nordquist, now at Fort i
Texas, will be sent to the Presidio |
of San Francisco, and will report upon
his arrival to the coimnanding officer, who •
; will supply him with transportation to i
j Manila. Private Paul J. Willett. Company I
A, Sixteenth United States Infantry, San
Francisco, having enlisted under false j
pretences, will h«» discharged without
honor from the s< ' ti • of the United
States by the commanding officer of his
station.
ng Hospital Steward Oliver H.
Reese, Hospital Corps, ramp near Dyea, i
Alaska; Privates Fred W. Griffiths and
Angus A. Graham. Hospital Corps. Gen- j
eral Hospital. Presidio of San Francisco,
are discharged from the service of the
United States.
!'!:sions for Calif ->raians: Original—
George Forsyth, Fresno. Sin; I^emuel :
Franklin. Pasadena, $»>. Reissue and in- !
... — George Dtxon, Colusa. $il to $*.
Original widows, etc — Liza A. Bodley,
rsfleld, $S. Mexican war widows— i
; Pauline Logan, Red Bluff. Widows In
i dian wars— Elenor Philips. Manford, $S.
Washington: Original— James Hag- :
i gerty, Soldiers' Home, Pierce, $S. In- '
1 crease— John Mitchell, Pomeroy, $7 50 to 1
' $12 50.
Oregon" Additional— Charles McDevitt,
Dallas. $S to $10.
MIDNIGHT MEETING
AT THE WHITE HOUSE
WASHINGTON, June s.— Acting Secre
tary of War Meiklejohn and Adjutant-
General Oorbin had a conference with :
the President after mldnipht to-night.
They had been summoned by the Presi
dent, It was understood. What the nature
of the conference was cannot be conjec
tured as yet, as the parties to It decline
to discuss it.
Mr. Meiklejohn and General Corbin were
with tlie President about a half hour,
. ]■ avlng shortly before 1 <>viock. The late
ness of the meeting attracted more than
usual attention, as there has been no re
cenl occasion for late conferences. Upon
; returning to his hotel Mr. Meiklejohn said
in response to all inquiries that there was
; nothing to make public and that the sub
ject under consideration was not of a se
i rious character.
♦■ —
VERA CRUZ ADOPTS
SANITARY MEASURES
AT T STIN\ Tex.. June 4.— Advices were
received here to-day from Mexico that
the municipal authorities of Vera Cruz,
aided by the- Mexican Government, have
determined to construct extensive sani
tary works in that city, with the view of
stamping out the yellow fever epidemic,
which has again made Its appearance ;
there. Contracts amounting to over $2,- i
C'o,ooo for the construction of se.wers to
drain Into the sea and to be constantly
washed by sea water by a pumping sys
tem have just been let.
HEALTH OF THE POPE.
His Holiness Has a Great Reserve
Fund of Will Power.
NEW YORK, June 4.— ln a letter just |
received in this city from a New York
Catholic priest now In Rome the writer!
speaks of the present condition of the ;
Pope as follows:
"I was fortunate enough the other day
to have an audience with the Holy
Fath'-r. Like ail others who have seen
the Pope lately, I could not fail to re
mark his pallor and the alertness of his
mind. He is a man with a great reserve
fund of will power, and no one at present
talks much about the next Pope."
The Dixie Back From Cuba.
NEW YORK. June 4. — The Vnited
Stiites transport Dixie. Captain Gunn, ar
rived here to-night from Matanzas and
Havana, having left the latter port on the
evening of June 1. She brings fifty-eight
passengers, among whom are Major Ar
lington U. Betts. Captain Peter C. Dem
ing. Lieutenant William G. Welton, Lleu
tenant S. P. Veset and Lieutenant Miller.
There are also on board twenty-three dis
chiirp'd and furloughed soldiers and thlr
teen civilian employes, in addition to the
passengers twenty-eight wagons and
1500 case? of ammunition. The Dixie is
detained In quarantine for examination
by the Health Officer..
Occupies a New Pulpit.
STOCKTON, June 4.— Rev. Samuel
Nunn, the new pastor of the First Bap
tist <"'hurch. occupied his pulpit for the
first time this morning and made a fa
vorable impression. He has a pleasing
manner and speaks with considerable elo
quence. The new pastor is a native of
Ontario. After graduating from Fenwick
School he took a course at Lebanon Val
ley College, Annville, Pa. He later grad
uated with honor from Colgate Univer
sity. He spent the first two years of his
ministerial life In frontier missionary
work. He se.rved a charge for some years
in Cheyenne, and arrived in California
nearly ten years ago. A nice church was
built in Los Gatos through his efforts.
At Portland and later at Fort Bragg he
met great success In his work and was
much beloved by his congregations. He
accepted the call to the local church a
month ago, the pastorate having been
made vacant through the resignation of
Rev. George Swift.
The Giants Win.
NEW YORK, June 4.— The New York? and
Louisvilles played at Weehawken, N. J.. to
day and the New Yorks were easy winners.
They batted Philippi out of • the box in the
fourth inning, and found no difficulty in solv
ing Mi-Gee's curves when the latter was sub- |
Etltuted. The Colonels could not hit Carrlck
and besides played a poor fielding game. At- ;
tendance, 2500. Score:
Clubs- R- }{ X -
Louisville - 10 0
New York 13 Is °
' Batteries^Philippi, ' McGee and Klttredge;
Powers, Carrick and Grady. Umpires— O Day
and McGarr.
Racing at Centerville
CENTERVTLLE. June 3.— The. Center
ville Athletic Club grounds was the
scene of a number of cycling events to
day. The summary follows:
Third of a mile— Won by C. Nesmith of De-
Two-tWrds of a mile— Won by R. Emerjy o£
Alvarado; C. Nesmith Becond.
nr,p mile— Won by R. Emery.
rmhrella race— \Ynn hy Emery.
Juvenile mile handicap— Won hy H. Richmond
of Alvarado.
Mile handicap— Won hy Joe Champion.
Minor Baseball Games.
MERCED, June I.— The San Joaquin
Valley League game nere to-day was be
tween the home team and Bakersfield.
Score: Merced. 24; Bakersfield, 5. Bat
teries—Bakersfield, Hysinger, Burgis.
Millard, Millar and Phelps. Merced-
Grubb and Harriell. Attendance. nOO
SAN" BERNARDINO. June 4. -The ban
Bernardino baseball team defeated ttie
Merchant? of Los Angeles in a tourna
ment game by a score of 5 to 0.
— -•
Killed by a Train.
MARYSVILLE. June 4.— A stranger was
struck by the Oroville-Sacramento local
train near Bogues switch, in Stitter Coun
ty, this afternoon. He was walking to
ward the engine and did not heed whistle
or bell The blow from the cowcatcher
killed him instantly. A letter found in
his pocket was addressed. "James
O Reilly " It is supposed he was deaf.
The Coroner has charge of the remains.
New Orleans Theater Burned.
NEW ORLEANS, June 4.— The St.
Charles Theater, under lease to J. D.
Hopkins of «'hi' aero, was burned to the
ground to-night. Loss about $35,000, al
most fully covered by insurance.
The St. Charles Theater wa.~ the oldest
in the city. It was built in 1835. Tl\e
most famous actors in the world havo
been seen on its stage.
Fruit Shipped From Visalia.
VISALIA, June 4.— The first carload of
E?reen fruit of the seas..;) war shipped out
Of yisalia to-day. It consisted of 1000
crates of plums and peachi s. This ship
ment Is two weeks ahead of the first of
la.st season.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Elvira T. Sumner (widow) to Frank W. Sum
ner (son) lot on E line of Van Ness avenue,
70 S of Ellis street. B 50 by E 136:6; gift-
Matthew and Catherine Kavanagh to William
B Meckfessel, lot E line of Sterner street, 55
S of Fulton. S 27:6 by E 110; $10.
Glanbatista and Theresa Paganinl and Anto
nia and Emilia Bolcelli to Victorrio Repetto.
lot on E line of Scott street. 100 N of Green
wich. X 37:6 by E 110; $10.
Lizzie Nevins to Teresa E. Hlokman, lot on
S line of Page street. 131:3 E of Cole. E 2:. by
Alexander and Nellie Gregeains to William
E P. ""rick lot on E line of Florida street. 160
X' of Twenty-sixth. N 25 by E 100; $10.
Louis E and George A. Zocchl to Dennis
Zocchl lot on SE corner of Union street and
Union 'i lace, E 30 by S 90; $5.
Ernest Brand to George E. Plummer. lot on
SW line of Steuart street. 56 SE of Mission,
BE 0-° by SW 45:10; $60.
John W and Annie *L. Wright to Sarah I.
Whetstlne lot on W line of Forty-fourth ave
nue. 200 9 of 3 street, B 25 by W 120; $10
Joseph J. la Chapelle to Elmira Lhapelle
( wife of J J-). lot on S line of Powell ave
nue 150 E of Mission street, E 25 by S 100.
Precita Valley lands; gift.
WE and Carrie L. Miles to Charles Bliss,
lot on PW line of Roanoke street. 75 N\V of
I.aidl-v. NW 25 by S V 113 lot 51. block 4. Mis
sion and Thirtieth street Homestead; $10.
Alameda County.
Christopher A. and Catherine Mulvey to G.
Fiaone lot on E line of Myrtle street. 60 X
of Fifth X 30, 1- 56:4. S 30:6. W Sicily to be.gin
ning block (S3, Oakland; $10.
Jane Lain* to Alexander C. Rumble, lot on
W fine of Myrtle street. 248 25 N of West Four
teenth N 44 "by W 125, being portion lot 7. block
; sol Galindo Tract, Oakland; $10.
I M and Mary D. Bartlett to Charles H.
: A-hleV lot on S line of Sixteenth street. 110
W of Adeline. W 2S by S 90, block 557, Oak-
Ia Enen n w Law and P. McDonnell to Henry A.
Rimers lot on E comer of Hillside and May
avenues SE 300 by NE 361:6, being lots 5 to
10. block 5, revised map of Piedmont Park,
Oakland Township; $15,000.
John an Betty Johnson to Charles Katz. lot
on W line of Tremont avenue. 790 X from X
line of county road (survey No. 1525) leading
from Oakland to San Leandro, X 50 by W 140.
being lot 36. block A, Linda Rosa Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10. '
' Sarah B. Farrington to James W. and Alice
B Farrington. lot on W line of Benton street,
260 N of Central avenue, N" 50 by W 150, being
lots 21 and 22, block 21, Mary A. Fitch Home-
F Charles W. and* Emma H. Bolles and W. F.
Kroll (trustee) to Mary Delano Fletcher, lot on
S line- of Central avenue, 250 Wof Oak street,
\V 30« by S HO, being the E 30:S of lot IS in
E naif of block C, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda; 110
Nils Gllberg to Jennie Gilbert, lot on E line
of Chestnut street, 135 S of Tenth, S 30 by E
100. block 545, Oakland; gift.
Mary H. James to Catherine Murray, lot on
S line of West Tenth street, 119:9 W of Kirk
ham W 25 by B 120. portion lot 27, block 551,
Eighth-street Tract. Oakland: $10.
William and Acnes G. Mann to Anton and
Theresa Hassler, lot on XE corner of Albion
and Grove streets. E 25:1114, X 100, W 38:5%, S
lOOoU to beginning, portion lots 4. 5 and 6,
','■.. a Tract, Oakland: $10.
Duncan and Agnes H. Hayne to City of Oak
land lots 728 A, 7288, 731 D. 732AE1. 7328E2.
732CE3. on map showing lands to be taken for
opening of Commerce street from East Twelfth
to East Twenty-second, East Oakland; $1875.
A G. Ainsworth to C. E. Young, lot on XE
line of East Seventeenth street. 100 SE of
Nineteenth avenue, SE 75 by XE 140, being lota
5 C and 7, block 40, San Antonio. East Oak
land; $10.
Charles F. Tozer to Ernest S. Angel, lot on
S line of Third street, 9S E of Grove, E 26 by
S 100. block 22, Oakland; $10.
Ernest S. Angel to Zalka Asher, same, Oak
land; $10. - xi
Oakland Investment Company (a corporation)
to Realty Syndicate (a corporation), lots 12, 13
and 14 and X half of lot 11. block E, and lot 11,
block B, Stanford Tract. Oakland; ?2100.
James' W. Fitzgerald to George Sterling-, lot
on S line of Fortieth street. 100 W of Telegraph
avenue, W 100 by S 100, being lots 15 and 16,
block "OS" Evoy Tract. Oakland: $10.
H C. and Nellie G. Babcock to Wilbur B.
Harlow, lot on XW line of Vernon avenue (or
First avenue), from which the intersection of
PW boundary line of Vicente Peralta Reserve
intersects NW First avenue, bears NE 50 feet
distant, thence XW 13?. 62. SW 50.09. XE £0, to
beginning, being portion of lot 23, Temescal
Park. Oakland; $10.
Cornelius B. and Mary C. Bradley to Eliza
beth S. Wade, lot on N line of Durant ave
nue, 150 E of Dana street, E 50 by X 130,
being lot 6. block 1, Beaver Tract, Berkeley;
$2000. _^__^____
WEATHER REPORT.
n.V>th Meridian. Pacific Time.)
SAX FANCISCO. June 4. 1599. 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 54 San Diego 62
Fresno SS Sacramento 82
Los Angeles 7ft Independence 84
Red Bluff P ft Yuma „ 92
San Luis Oblspo 70
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 4S: mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather Is generally cloudy over the
Pacific Slope, except in California. Light show
ers have occurred in portions of Washington.
Oregon. Idaho and Arizona. The pressure has
fallen over the western portion of the country
during the past twenty-four hours.
The temperature has fallen over Washing
ton and Oregon and along the immediate coast
of Northern California. Elsewhere on the Pa
cific Slope It has risen.
High northwest winds have prevailed aiong
the coast from Cap° Mendodnb north.
Forecast made at San Frnncieco for thirty
hours ending at midnight June 5. 1899:
Northern California— Fair Monday, except
partly cloudy al'^ng the coast In the morning;
fresh' northwest winds.
Southern California— Fair Monday; fresh
weaterly winds.
N.vada— Partly cloudy Monday.
Vtah-Cloudy Monday; probably with show
ers in the mountains.
Arizona— Fair Monday: warmer in the north
portion.
For San Francisco and vicinity— Partly
cloudy Monday morning: fair during the day;
fresh 'west winds. G. H. WILLSON',
Local Forecast Official.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
'Navigators are cordially Invited to visll the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
(or comparison, and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding I
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters <
of interest to ocean commerce. j
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
reived each day from the United States Naval '
Observatory. Mare Island. Cai.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or riving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
C. G. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
unite.! Mates Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights 'if High and 1.-.v,
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to Sai
. Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The lilgh and low waters occur a'
the city front (Mission-street wharf) abou
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the heieht of tide Is the samp at both nlaces*
MONDAY, JUNE 5.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. Th«
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tld«
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
Riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign — I precedes the height,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mpnn r»f th.. Inwpr low wntrrs.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. June 4.
Ptmr Gipsy. Leland, 27 hours from Moss
Landing.
Ptmr Coqullle River, Thompson. 7 ? hours
from Grays Harbor.
Ptmr Noyo. Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
; Bragg.
Ptmr Samoa, Jahnsen, 40 hours from Re
dondo.
Stmr Crescent City, Ptockfteth. 32 hours from
Crescent City.
Ptmr Grace Dollar. Fosen. 68 hours from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put in to land pas
sengers.
Pchr Maggie C. Russ, 7 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schr Five Brothers,' Jensen, from up " river
direct.
Rchr Mary E. R'.iss. 8 days from South Bend.
Schr Robert Lewers, Goodman, 224 days
from Honolulu.
RETURNED.
Sunday, June 4.
Schr Ootama. hence to-day for Wlllapa Har
bor, returned on account of Mate John Haul
man falling from forecastle head down on chain
locker, severely injuring his leg. He was
landed at Meigg? Wharf.
Sunday, June 4.
SAILED.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, Port Angeles.
Ptmr Aloha, Jorgenson, Point Arenas and
Albion.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Bridsrett. Ventura.
Pr stmr Port Albert. Marrlsy, Seattle.
Bark P. C. Allen, Honolulu.
Bark Levi G. Burgess, Younggren. Tacoma.
Bktn P. N. Castle. Hubbard. Honolulu.
Schr Winchester. Hubs. Unga.
Pchr Peven Sisters, Rasmussen.
Behr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Grays Har
bor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. 10' p. m.. June 4.— Weather,
foggy; wind southwest: velocity, 12 miles.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Robert Lewers. from Honolulu. June —
Sailed May 12. First 17 days out had the wind
between the north and east: moderate and
light and frequently calm. Last five days mod
erate to fresh breeze from N to N NW with
cloudy, thick weather; rough sea. June 8,
fi a. m., fin miles west off the Farallones— Saw
the ship Dashing Wave bound to the southward.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
EVERETT — Arrived June 4— Schr Laura May,
hence May 20.
HUENEME- Sailed June 4 — Ptmr South Coast,
for .
NEAH BAT— Passed in June 3— Stmr Pro
greso. hence May 31. for Seattle.
PORT ANGELES— Passed out June 3— Br ship
British General, from Chemainus, for Mcl
i bourne.
SEATTLE— Arrived June — Stmr Progress,
I hence May 31; stmr National City, hence May
30.
COOS BAT— Arrived June 4— Schr Glen, hence
May 26: stmr Luella. hence May 31. Sailed—
Bchr Twilight, for Pan Francisco: schr Daisy
Rowe. for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived June Stmr Navarro,
from Pan Pedro.
GREENWOOD — Sailed June 4 Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 4— Stmr Rival,
hence June 3.
ASTORlA— Arrived June 4— Ptmr Columbia,
hence June 2; ship George Stetson, hence May
22.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK- Arrived June 4— Stmr La
Champagne, from Havre; stmr Rotterdam,
from Rotterdam and Boulogne.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
QUENNSTOWN— Sailed June 4— Ptmr Cam
pania, from Liverpool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed June 4— Stmr Waesland.
Tor New York.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
TOYOIISEN lAI9LL
STEAMERS Wli,t, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, 1 p. m.. for
YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of railing.
NIPPON MARU Tuesday. June V
AMERICA MARTT Saturday, July M
HONGKONG MARU Thursday, August 17
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of flee,
421 Market St., corner First.
W. B. CURTIS, General Agent.
ANCHOR LIINE
United States Mail Steamships
Sail (ram New York Every Saturday foi*
Glasgow, via Londonderry.
Saloon Passage, $50 and upward.
Second Cabin
City of Rome. 930. Other Steamers, #30.
- Steerage Passage
Rom«. 925.50. rurnesata, *1M.50. Othar
Strs., «23J10,.
For Book of Tours and Information applj to
HENDERSON BROTHERS.
General Agents, 7 Bowling Green. New "* art.
Or J. F. FUGAZI. 6 Montgomery »t..
Or L. F. COCKROFT. 114 Montgomery St.,
Or R. R. RITCHIE. ! »>w Montgomery »L.
BAN FRANCISCO.
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE to HAVRE-PARIS. ««»•
Sailing every Saturday at 10 a. m. <WgFfi
from Pier 42. North River, foot of «***««
Morton st. LA CHAMPAGNE. June 10; LA
BRETAGNE, June 17: LA TOURAINE. Jun«
24: LA GASCOGNE, July 1; LA NOR.MANDIE,
July 8. First-class to Havre, $65 and upward,
5 per cent reduction on round trip. Second-class
to Havre, $45. 10 per cent reduction on round
trip. GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED
STATES AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green.
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
> Agents, 5 Montgomery aye.. Ban Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
$50,000 BANKRUPT STOCK.
SUN FAT & CO.. NO. 39 GEARY STREET.
Will Be Sold Out
BY AUCTION
FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE CREDITORS.
Commencing
THIS DAY.
MONDAY JUNE 5 ISM
At 2 and 8 p. m. daily until all are disposed of.
Consisting of
CHINESE AND JAPANESE GOODS; Old
'• Id, Satsuma and Cloisonne Wares: Bronzes;
Ebony Goods; a beautiful collection of Carved
Ivory Goods: Silks; Silk Piece Goods: Ladles'
and Gentlemen's Underwear; Silk Bed Spreads;
Robes; Jackets and Table Covers. A full line of
Ebony Goods. Cabinets, Tables, Stoves, Screens.
etc. C. P. TROY & CO., Auctioneers.
AUCTION SALE
fe —OF— £^
100 HORSES!
THIS DAY.
MONDAY June 5,
At 11 O'clock, at
J. D. HORAN'S STOCK AND SALE YARDS.
COR. TENTH AND BRYANT STREETS.
I will sell at Public Auction 100 Horses be-
longing to J. W. Gutlirle, consisting of Horses
weighing from 1000 to 1400 pounds, from 4 to 4
years old. broken and unbroken. Above stock;
can be seen at said yards any day previous
to sale. S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
PLANING MILL MACHINERY
FOR SALE AT AUCTION ON THE PREMISES
THURSDAY, June 29, at 10 O'clock A. M..
One steam engine. 16x42, recent make. Union
Iron Works, with pumps, valves, heater, steam
and feed pipes. One Band re-Saw, 5 feet
wheels, 6-inch blade, will saw 36-Inch stuff 3
Inches on one Bide of the blade and 10 inches
on the other. One Gray & Wood planer. Will
plane 24 by 24 Inches and will raise to 30
inches. One 30-inch and one 24-inch surfacers,
and one 8-inch buzz planer. Five stickers or
molding machines with knives and tools. One
heavy swing cut-off saw, Two strong rip saws
with counter shafts and bolting. One stave
crozer and one tank bottom tampi ri lg ma-
chine. Two boring machines, three punrh^s.
One wood turning shop complete, four lathes,
cut-off and rip saws, band and jig paws, shaper.
shafting, belting, tools, etc One bnlt-outtins:
machine with full sets of right an>l left hand
taps and dies. One Blacksmith shop m:tnt.
Large amount of shafting and belting. Large
stock of moldings, etc.
WELLS. RCSSELT. & CO.. Mechanics' Mills,
Cor. Miss ; on and Fremont ?ts.. S. F.
f^D^jC ANGER
Vnffl ' Any lump in a
fcjßHßaj woman's breast is
fhtm W^^% caocer < tve > a *
1 ways poison the
** 13 Wr J \ X* an( * s ' n a ' i nnpit.
J^'™ t y&dy^ When xhe cancer
'.a armpit gets large cure is impossible.
Face and lip also very common places.
90 PAGE BOOK SENT FREE
With testimonials of thousands I have Cured
S. R. CHAMLEY, M. D., 25 Third St., S.F.
SEND to SOME ONE with CANCER
y*~"' ! Sk Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L^fSajiif 625 KEABXY ST. Established
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
620 KEABSV XX. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of PrlvatQ
WJK'Sa Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
B*3SjKSygr,«b disease wearing on body and mind and
iSaJl|2£iMH s-kin Diseases. The doctor cures when
tSjT^raSffi utiir-isfail. Try him. Charges low.
r^££3sigs-Sr£Ej <'nrf«s;uarnn»i>rd. Callorwrite.
»r. J. £.<'. UIBBON, Usx 1957. 5 ac Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
h^ Steamers leave Broadway
VwJ>r^_ wharf. San Francisco:
5 'i^*r- For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m,.
: I f&^6»W& June 5 10 15 < 20 25 - 30: July 3 -
i B^HH^EI change nt Seattle.
Hs&^JbH For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
PJl^irfßS I C), Port Townsend. P<»attl<\
f^^^H BHK Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash
10 a. m.. June 5, 10, 15, 20 25.
30; July 5. and every fifth day thereafter:
change at Seattle to this company's steamers
! for Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bavi 2 p. m June
3. 8. 13. 18, 23, 28; July 3, and every fifth day
thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayueoa, Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo),
Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Huenem».
Pan Pedro. East Fan Pedro (Los Angeles) ar<l
Newport. 9 a. m.. June 1. 5, 9. 13. 17. 21. 25. 29;
July 3. and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo fLos Angeles). 11 a.
m.. Juno 3. 7. 11. IS. 19. 23, 27: July 1. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jo«e del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mcx), 10 a, m.. 7th of each
month.
For further Information '■•Main folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers. sailing dates
and hours of sallng.
TICKET OFFICES —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Airta..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear street Wharf at 10 a. m.
PA PC 12 First Class including Berth*
milL SS Second Clas* and Meal?.
Columbia sails June 1. 13. 23; July J, 12, M
State of California sails June 7. 17 27- July
7. 17. 27.
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butt«,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points Eeast.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
630 Market street.
OOODALU PERKINS & CO..
Superintendent.
AMERICAN LINE,
KEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. PA&I1
Stopping: at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 m. in.
New York May :i I New York Jtrae 2t
St. Paul June 7 | St. Paul Juno H
6t. Louis June 14 3t. L0ui5.. ....... July S
RED 6TAR LINE.
*cvr York «nd Antwsrn.
From New York Every Wednesday. 12 noon.
Kensington May 31 1 South Jnn» 2t
Noordland June "i jWesternland ...June 23
Frlesland June 14 1 Kensington July 5
EMPIRE LINE.
Seattl*. St. Michael. Dawnoi Clt*.
For full information regarding freight and pas-
page apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
SO Montgomery St., or any of Its agencies.
fHIWMMIJI S. S. Alameda sails
fjgllHiSilL vla Honolulu and
I ■£*■»■•• Auckland for Sydney
% Wednesday. June 14,
O^r-^^L" A at M P m -
SfK!nrcnin=) The S. S. Australia
OlUllllJlllU-' sails for Honolulu
@DPaßth Wednesday, June 28.
VyillfAJlter a t 2 p. m.
Favorite Line Round the World, via Hawaii,
Samoa, New Zealand. Australia, India, Suez.
England, etc.; $610 first class.
1. 0. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agts., 114 Montgomery
Pier 7, Foot Pacific St. Freight Office. 327 Market St.
HOLLAND-AMERICA LINE.
NEW .- YORK-ROTTERDAM. VIA BOU-
1 1 logne. The Short Route to Paris.
NEW Twin-Screw Steamers ROTTERDAM
(8300), STATENDAM (10.500). First Cabin, $30
upward; Second Cabin, $37.
Saloon Steamers MAASDAM. SPAARNDAM.
: etc., $37. .
Send for Illustrated Handbook and Sailings to
THOS COOK & SON. Pacific Coast Passenger
Agents. 621 Market Street. San Francisco.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMEBS.
STOCKTON EXCURSIONS.
THE STEAMER H. J. CORCORAN .
; Will leave Washington-street wharf at 8 a. to.
dally, returning from Stockton at 8 p. m.
daily (Saturday excepted). Regular steamers
leave Washington-street wharf at 6 p. m.
dally (excepting Sunday).
CALIFORNIA NAY. AND. IMP. CO.
Telephone Main 805.
FOB U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YAILEJQ.
Steamer "Monttcello."
MON.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 3:43
a. m., 3:15, S:JO p. m. (ex. Thurs. night); Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:20 a. m., i
p. m. Landing and office. Mission-street Dock.
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main 1508.
1 FARE <w.ju V » U u»m>i« &••
78
RETAIL GROCERS
MAKE MERRY AT
SCHUETZEN PARK
Their Outing Was a
Decided Success.
GAY COSTUMES NUMEROUS
MESSRS. NOBMANNAND POWEBS
DANCED A CAKEWALK.
The Affair Was Perhaps One of the I
Most Enjoyable Held at the
Park Thus Far This
Season.
The Retail Gi ra Protestlve Associa
■ -,v nty-eighth anniversary
• Schuetzen Turk yen-
Ay who attended re
turned home fully satisfied with the day's
a, families, sweet
nds of the gnx ■i - w< re
■ • the day dancing in
: aming about the
SCENES AT THE GROCERS' OUTING.
neighboring hills and participating in the I
games. Pretty girls arrayed in their !
brightest summer costumes were as plen- !
tiful as- roses in a florist's
majority of the wist throng of
re-sei k. r< left the i
' ■'*>' on th< ■ returning home
<>n th.- 6:30. The affair was perhaps one j
■ • • most enjoyable held at the resort
on. In addition
■Ad who attended the pic
nic '.r ■ ■ - ty there were many from
lown.s. San Rafael was
w ell n was San Quentln '■
■ Kelly, he of herculean
the Morehouse mustache, was
cuously In evidence, and he mingled
thi gay throng just is if he were a
prosper.c r.. t : er o f pa | at .
able sT<;.m^.. J^ll-.- Sweeney was also
and s'vi-ral persons who were un- :
igh to fall victims to- a
lever pickpockets who plied
their nefarious trade on the boat coming
.' th.' Judge for consolation.
John Nobmann, he of Kiilmore Btreet,
i a cake walk with Aaron Powers, !
hv.<] it is needless to mention that th^y !
quite a hit. All in all the grocers'
was quite a success. The crowd
ople who attended were a rri'.st :
orderly set, and th«- two policemen who
in evidence were nol called upon i
during the day to quell a disturb-
The following were successful In
Lines:
- race. 12 to l. r >— First. Georee Martin;
I, John Iberg: third. A. Riectce.
12 -First, B. OHrlen; second,
D. O'Brien; third, George Robinson.
ltarried ladles' ra< •*• -First, Mrs. Kittle
O*T nneii. second, Mrs. Byrne; third. Mrs.
T ■: : sice.
Fat ladies' race— First, Mr?. James Franks;
I Mrs. Martir. : third. Mr?. Conner*
Fa: First, Harry Wall; second,
third Thomas O'Donnell.
Girli • i" First, Maggie Mohrs;
Ethel Dwyer; thir<i, Katie Smith.
, 7 to 12— First, Antii.' Mclaughlin;
Annie Reth; third. Belle Smith.
Young ladles' race— First, M.-icp'.e McGlynn;
I, Lillle Brown: third. L>yllye Smith,
v men's race First. Henry Meyers; sec
■n Graham; third. J Hent-ry.
The following excelled in the prlze-
Fhooting matches for ladies and gen
tlemen:
Mr.-. Foge, Miss Mille Healey, Mr?. Mc-
Ivautfhlin. Miss Doider, Miss B. Ixiwton. Mr?.
John Armstrong, Mary Kelly, Mrs. yulgley.
Miss Bmlth, MIH Heggerty, .T. M. Foge, J.
L. Williams, Dick denning, John F. Graham,
I"'. Hadlei I. Colin, F. Kuttleman. Mr. Wil
klns, K. Kuhrs, H. Wllkins, WlTliam Roger,
Mr. Btockmann, Y;d Haamer, I. F. Hawley, J.
. T. F. Hausrr. Mr. Fue. hler, Mr. Mich
eison, Mr. Hencken and Mr. Robinson.
The special prizes for member!" of the press
wer.- won by the following: F. B. Kirk, nx
aminer; A. H. Powers, Examiner and Retail
Grovers 1 Advocate; Mr. Miller, liulletin.
The special pri?.^ f"r meiuixT? of the. Com
mercial Travelers' Association were won by
the following: J. M. Armstrong, 11. Mohrs,
Mr Fischer, P. Bchuester ;md P. J. Kennedy.
QUEEN VICTORIA EULOGIZED.
Rev. Dr. Locke Discourses on Eng
land's Virtuous Monarch.
The announcement made during the past
week that evening service would be con
tinued in the Metropolitan Temple during
the present month by Rev. Dr. C'harleg
Edward Lock- of th<- Central Methodist
Church had its effect in so far that every
seat in th<- large building was taken as
arly as 6:3 m o'clock in the evening.
The subject upon which the reverend
gentleman discoursed was "Lessons From
the Life of England's Gracious Queen."
Text, i'salms xiv:34: "Righteousness ex
altetn a Nation." He said in part:
Kuskin said that great nations wrote their
autobiographies In three nxaunscrlpts-the book
Ir deeds, the book 1 I ihc.-lr words and the
book of tbetr art— and then ventured to re
mark that the only quite trustworthy one of the
three waa the last. I am prepared to atrree
fully with this statement, provided th< sc three
bonks shall be bound in one volume, ami en
titled "Character." There can be no question
that a nation's place ami perpetuity will depend
upon tin- tru<- :i n«i noble manhood of its citi
zenship. National Int.-grity depends upon the
h n ir of the Individual; and each Individual,
whether subject or niter, is contributing t.i or
tint; from the influence of his nation In
the world.
1 have desired to present to you the beau
tiful life of Queen Victoria because of the prac
tlcal lessons which may be derived from the
■ platlon of the living factors In the
world* busy activities. Men and women are
most recent revelations, and the study
of hiocnitihy Is the study oi Qod'a divinest
works. This matchless monarch has Jum be
:m octogenarian, and is now completing
the sixty-second year of her extraordinary
reign, having passed the record of her grand
father, George the Third, who ruled over Great
Britain for sixty years. In these days of
the founding of empires and the extension of
republics It will be particularly appropriate to
study carefully the life of Victoria, because
since the coronation of the child queen, more
than three score years ago. the English Gov
ernment has, In a remarkably Impressive man
ner, emphasized the poetic words of Israel
warrior king, "Righteousness exalteth a na
tion!"
From Victoria's birth, on May 24, 1819, In
Kensington- Palace, to the nlcht of June 20.
1*37 when she was declared queen, and on to
her marriage to Prince Albert, February 10.
1840, the young ruler's life was radiant with
peace and happiness, which continued with in
creasing sweetness anil joy for twenty years.
The noble prince was a gallant and tender
husband and father, and an example for Kng
llsh and American youth which has rarely
been equaled and never been surpassed. Nine
children blessed their happy home life. The
'•good prince" filled his delicate position as
husband of the Queen of England with an ap
preciation of his official relationships, which
attracted to himself the loving admiration of
the entire nation. He was a brilliant man of
strong mind, a born statesman— inch a
kjng"— a wise counselor to the Queen, who
never distastefully projected himself into the
counsels of, the nation: and, when in 1&61.
Prince Albert was suddenly gathered to his
fathers, not only was the broken-hearted Queen
enveloped In a. dark shadow from which she
never emerged, and the whole English nation
prostrated in overwhelming grief, but the
Christian world mourned the loss of one of the
superbest Christian noblemen of the most ex
quisite type which this old, sinful world has
ever known. No one has taken his place.
Prince Albert is the Ideal Christian man.
Marvelous and unprecedented have been the
achievements of these sixty-two years. What
epochs have been turned! What mighty men
have been budded! At her coronation George
Stephenson was perfecting his railroad: Wheat
stone was experimenting with electricity; Dick
ens was publishing "Oliver Twist"; Carlyle and
Browning and Thackeray were already dis
tinguished; Tennyson was having a favorable
introduction; Father Matthew was preaching
total abstinence to the Irish people: Gladstone
had been In Parliament live years and Disraeli
had just made his Inauspicious maiden speech;
Macaulay was In India and Rowland Hill was
working out his plan for cheap postage.
As the decades advanced to this galaxy of
greatnrss were added Wellington and Havelock
and Livingstone and Palmerston. Derby and
Peel and Bright. Salisbury and Richard Cob
den. Then there were Southey and Campbell
and Tom Moore. Swinburne and Rossetti, Jean
Ingelow, and Wordsworth. Darwin and Huxley
and Spencer and Tyndall, and many other
bright luminaries in the political and intellec
tual and religious firmament.
There have been unexampled triumphs! Vic
tories for science, for popular education and
for personal freedom. The corn laws were
abolished; the ballot was adopted; the aboli
tion of purchase in the army; the extinction of
the Irish state church; the treaty of Berlin;
the establishment of free and universal educa
tion; the freedom of the universities; the splen
did reform of household suffrage, and the sub
stantial disappearance of sectarian and de
nominational antagonisms. Truly this Victor
lan reign has been a period of victories for a
broader and brighter civilization. "Righteous
ness exalteth a nation!"
The whole trend of Queen Victoria's reign
has been toward the universal peace which
shall some day burst In gladness over the whole
earth. When, at the Queen's Jubilee, in ISS7.
the Governor of the Colony Victoria asked the
Queen to select a passage of scripture to be
placed in a copy of the New Testament, which
was to be presented to all the children who
participated In the exercises of jubilee day, her
Majesty wrote: "On earth peace, good will to
ward men." A grateful American people will
never forget the almost disastrous Trent epi
sode, which, at the breaking out of our civil
war would have Involved us in bitter struggle
with Great Britain, had It not been averted by
the peace-loving Queen, assisted by amiable
Prince Albert, who a few weeks later came
to the mountain of his translation.
The American people love Victoria and Join
with the great English people In the reverent
prayer. "God Save the Queen." Victoria, queen
by the grace of God. has contributed vast In
fluence toward the solution of the problems of
the ages. God has mightily blessed and used i
the English people, and they will continue to
be a strong arm of power as they follow the
example and spirit of their gracious monarch.
Victoria has her own incomparable place among
the queens of history. There were Deborah
warlike and trustful: Esther, beautiful and
brave; Semlramts. brilliant and ostentatious;
Zenobia, regal and handsome; Elizabeth, mas
culine and firm; Mary, cruel and heartless; but
It remained for thin century to produce a noble
lady who combined In herself the host of all
who had preceded her, and, crowned with divine '
approval, to win for herself an honored place
unapproached by all royal predecessors. The
secret of her personal magnificence and su
premacy, and the reason of the power of Great
Britain to-day, Is that "Righteousness exalteth :
a nation." May the American people learn well
this simple lesson In these days of our expand
ing- power and opportunities!
EDITOR GREENBLATT
LAYS DOWN HIS PEN
Has Been Chief of Staff of the
California Demokrat for
Twenty Years,
After twenty years' active service M.
Greenblatt yesterday handed in his resig
nation as editor-in-chief of the California
Demokrat, the leading German daily of
the Pacific coast.
Since Mr. Greenblatt took up his pen as
editor of the German paper he has made
a host of friends, not only in San Fran-
M. GREENBLATT.
Cisco, but in all the coast States, and his
loss will be felt by all the readers of the
paper. A few months ago Mr. Greenblatt
was stricken with apoplexy while work
ing at his desk. A week ago he was pro
nounced convalescent, though not wholly
cured, and he then made up his mind that
the work was too great a strain on his
weakened constitution. Yesterday he re
turned to this city and handed in his res
ignation, but It was only after he bad
fully presented the case to the manage
mttn't that it was accepted.
In politics Mr. Greenblatt has been one
of the Democratic leaders of the State.
Lapt year he was the Democratic candi
date for Treasurer and was defeated by a
small majority. At present he hoi is the
office of notary public, and will contlnuo
to reside in this city and devote his time
during business hours to this office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 5, 1899.
SENATOR SCOTT
IS HERE FOR
HEALTH ALONE
Taboos Politics— Will
Not Talk of Quay.
TWO KINDS OF PRECEDENTS
THE PENNSYLVANIA!*, HE SAYS,
HAS MANY FBIENDS.
Thinks the Filipino Should Be Erad
icated From the Domestic Econ
omy of United States and
His Country Opened.
Senator N. E. Scott, newly elected from
West Virginia, arrived at the Palace Ho
tel yesterday. Mr. Scott comes Into the
"West "for health, for health alone and
for no political reason." He so stated
last evening when approached with ques
tions as to the numerous peculiar politi
cal problems that the next Congress will
have to solve. Concerning the chances that
Matthew Quay, appointed to the Sen
ate by the Governor of Pennsylvania,
will have to be seated. Senator Scott had
less to say than upon any other topic.
"I cannot be interviewed upon that
point." said he. "In fact I am a new Sen
ator, and am really not prepared to say
anything at all in connection with that
question.
"You must ri'mcmhf-r, however, that
Mr. Quay has a great many friends -
more, perhaps, than any man who has
<>vor been to the Senate, and they am
strong friends. You know as much about
these things as I do and will have to fig
ure your own answer out. But in doing
so you must remember that Mr. Quay
will have a great many friends in "Wash
ington. Besides he has made a reputa
tion a? a proper representative."
Askt d if indications pointed to the seat
ing of Mr. Quay. Senator Scott avoided
a direct answer. "He has many friends,"
he reiterated, "and T think it likely that
we will follow precedent."
"By following precedent. Senator, you
mean that Mr. Quay will probably not be ;
seated? The precedent established is
against his chances."
"Ah, but you must remember that there
was another precedent established before
that. What we really ought to do in the
Philippines is subjugate the natives and
tht-n do the best we can with them."
Senator Scott abruptly changed the. sub
ject, nor could questioning bring him b;n-k
to the question of Quay ami its bearing
upon the hope that is still held out to Dan
Burns that he will one day occupy a chair
and a place on the roll call of the United
States Senate.
Concerning the Philippines and the rath
er expensive unpleasantness just now at
tached thereto, he was quite willing to
talk. Senattr Scott thinks the unpleas
antness and the expense should be con
tinued, though he has not as yet outlined
a plan of action in his mind's eye to follow
after It.
Concerning Mr. Quay and Mr. Hums,
however. Senator Scott merely thinks that
Mr. Quay has "many friends" and that
there have been "other" precedents.
ENDS IN A DRAW.
Call of Time Saves the Pacific Crick
eters From Defeat at Alameda
Grounds.
The Pacific eleven met the Alameda
cricket team yesterday for the second
time this season and succeeded in draw
ing the match. George Theobald, the Pa
cific captain, won the toss and sent Ala
meda to the bat. After four wickets had
fallen J. J. Moriarty and F. Croll pot to
gether and put on nenrly a hundred runs
between them before F. Croll waa caught
by Simmonds, having made 49. "With Jive,
wickets down for 140 runs, J. J. Moriarty
called the innings and the Pacifies went to
the bat. J. Myers scored 27 and F. Sewell
29, and only nine wickets having fallen at
the call of time the game ended in a draw.
The Pacifies have obtained a useful man
in L. H. Sandilands. who is tall and
smothers many dangerous balls. \lo also
bowled quite successfully, taking three
wickets for 34 runs. J. J. Moriarty and
F. Croll were both lucky at the bat. Their
wickets should have fallen when they had
scored about ten runs apiece. The fell
score Is given herewith:
PACIFIC CRICKET CLTJR.
J. Myers", c. Hellmann, b. Croll 27
3. H. Harbour, b. Saunders _ 4
C Simonds, b. Bird 9
C. P. Coles, b. Bird ,] m 3
F Sewell. c. Stahl, h. Saunders 29
O Theobald, C. Moriarty, b. Croll . ' o
J. J. TheobaM, c. Moriarty, b. Cr011.... . 17
W. Wlldinß. h. Bird ."" 3
H. P. Q. Cordon, b. Bird q
It. H. Randllands. not out '"' 1
W. G. Relwood. did not bat 0
Wide, 1; leg byes, 2; byes, 3 g
Total 101
Run* at the fall of each wicket— l for S, 2 for
21 3 for 27. 4 for C 7, 5 for 79, 6 for 84, 7 fur 1)1
S for 93. 9 for 101.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowlrr— B. R. M. W. Ay
Saunders 90 12 6 2 6
Croll 79 31 5 3 11 2-3
Hlrd 108 25 4 4 6 1-4
Peel 18 7 1
Banner 12 6 .. ..
Ward 14 12 .. ..
Saunders bowled one wide. ,
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
G. Hellmann, c. Harbour, b. Sandilands 11
G. J. Baußh, c. J. Theobald, b. Simmonds... 0
J. J. Morlarty, not out 61
J. H. Saunders, 1. b. W., b. Sandilands a
A. Price, run out 2
P. Croll, c. Simmonds. b. Saunders 49
J. J. R. Peel, not out 6
B. Bird, did not bat 0
F. Stahl. did not bat "
A. W. Wilding, did not bat 0
C. Banner, did not bat 0
Byes, 5; leg byes, 1 <>
Total 140
Runs at the fall of each wicket— l for 0, 2 for
24, S for 32, 4 for 33, o for 129.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler- B. R. M. W. A.V.
Simmonds 108 27 5 1 27
Sewell fifi 33 .. ..
Saunders 102 34 1 3 11 1-3
Harbour ....... 36 19 .. ..
Coles 3C 21 .. ..
The Pacific team now has half a point,
the Alameda olub has one and a half
points and the California^ have two poiuti
to their credit. The Pacific percentage is
.2, r j, the Alameda percentage is .75 and the
California percentage is 1.00. The oflice of
secretary to the California Cricket Club
having become vacant by the departure of
H. H. Cookson from this city, a meeting
will shortly be held at which F. M. Gunn
will be asked to assume the duties of sec
retary. A delegate to the California
Oicket Association will also be chosen at
the same time.
GAVE SOUND ADVICE
TO PUBLIC SERVANTS
Rev. Frederick C. Leo of the California
Street Methodist Episcopal Church deliv
ered a stirring sermon on "The Cry of
Boodle" last evening b.-fore a large con
gregation. He warned the Board of Super
visors against a wave of public indigna
tion which would follow the granting of
any corporation franchises and implored
them to keep their "hands clean ami th.-ir
hearts pun" when approached with
boodle. In part it was as follows:
If I should change the celebrated saying; of
Carlyle I would put It thus: "The United
States is composed of over 70,000,000 of people,
mostly fools— t.. he found principally !n our
large cities." When will the voters ;in<l tax
payers In our great American municipalities
learn wisdom and depart from folly? The cry
of "boodle" and bribery will ever be beard in
the land just so lons as the cities put it within
the power of their Hoards of Aldermen or Su
pervisors ti> vote away valuable franchises for
which the city receives nothing in return. What
the Aldermen or Supervisors receive— as Kip
ling says— "That's another story."
Do I choree our Sueprvisors with having
been "boodleized ?" No. Must emphatically,
No! Ho I insinuate that they can be bribed or
bouKht? Again I say no. I believe there are
gentlemen up««n our Board of Supervisors who
are Just as honest and as truthful ae— as—
Borne of us preachers (and that's nut saying
much}— Just as anxious to do the right thing
as I am. Look out for the man that is always
charging others with rascality. He will bear
watching himself. While, then, I do not cry
"boodle, or in any way question the charac
ter Or conduct of these men, yet I say to OUT
honorable Board <>f Supervisors: "Gentlemen,
take heeil and In-war.' how you vote awa] any
franchise i>r. .-v i < ]•-. i for in our new charter. Give
away any privilege, grant any franehi
which our new city charter provides that the
municipality shall receive valuable cons
Uon, and never to y,.ur dylnjj day can you
make the public believe that you did so from
uninterested motives. You may be as innocent
as angels, but you will never succeed in mak
ing the city of Saji Francisco believe that
you went out of office with "clean hands and
imre hearts." With only a few months before
our new charter takes effect— why any unsea
sonable or unreasonable haste?.' With every
thing to lose and nothing to gain, why should
any Question so vital to all the futur" life of
our noble and crowing city be "railroaded"
through? Our new charter, one of the best
and In many ways the most advanced charter
Of any city In the Union, was drawn up and
adopted to cover and control these very ques
tions.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
II W Heiss, N V Clara Elsenthal. Ger-
L Schllsky, X V I many
C Clement, N V Emma Wolf, Germany
Mrs C Clement, NY Dr Wandelt, Germany
J D Jones, Scranton i\V II 'Jr.-.:-. N V
Mrs Jones, Scranton J V Farraher, Yreka
R I) Robbing Jr. Cal ij G Oxnard, N V
J B Burnett, Chicago j\V H Graham, Pa
(". Franklin, Oakland r> P Hatch, I- Ang
Mrs Franklin, Oakland W J Hunsacker, Cal
W C Robbins, Suisun SJI Westfall, Oil
R 13 Mitchell Jr. Cal Mrs Westfall. Cal
T II White, Cal C M Meyer, N V
J McKee, D 8 N O a B Grosser, Berlin
Mr & Mrs Kleybotle, Mrs Grosser. Berlin
X V iB Benson, Cal
\j Perm Jr. Cincinnati Mr? E Benson, Cal
Mrs Perm, Cincinnati A F Steger, Mo
}• H Ray, USA J C Phut. N X
Mrs 1' H Hay. Cal R W Pary, Reno
W I. Wagner, X V ] L A Crane, S Cruz
Elizabeth Ebellng, Ger-;E Winshlp, USX
many ./.-■■ I ; ..-■.
GRAXD HOTEL..
I B I.amkln, San Jos? M J Carroll, Wash
\V TI Seamans. Bacto I II Sims, Conn
A 1" Frahllim. S Jose 0 Dolflnger & w. Ky
A Vlturne. San Jose T. F Fickert. Cal
A Olson, Sacto C F Mugrudge & \v,
W X Brown Sacto I Vnllejo
II C Martin, C a l |W H Bell & w, Tex
F I' Burr, Oil C II Reid Cal
\Y A A very. Cal M M ''lair Jr. Pa
J Smith, Oakland F Cutting, Stockton
S V Costello Mi Montgomery, Cal
J B Hall. Cal Mr B Eldrldge, Ohio
H A Clark. Cal IE G Fraser & w, Cal
A II Harding, Or L R Poundstone, Cal
A H Holmes, Mich P Cook, Rio Vista
M M Wright & w, Or c M Peters & w, Cal
Mrs J Pearson, Cal J Ross, Antloch
Mrs M leaser, Cal I
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C Pranz, X V IS Angove, Riverside
M H Moore Mass Mrs Jeneski, S Diego
j Norman, s Jose OH Buckley, Merced
T h McNeil, Benicla W Ballson, Courtland
A Trlguero, Benicia F II Fordyce, Stockton
F V Barm, B Mateo J Warner, Modesto
T Culotta, Mobile IN' Smith. Colfax
H Fisher, Fresno J W Martin, s Jose
D Maiiin & w. Vallejo V M Wood. Stockton
H C Haertel 11l .1 P Martin, Sacto
M (-..-.. I. Cat I
MEETING NOTICES.
GOLDEN Gate Commnndery No. 16. -J.
K. T . Golden Gate buiMlntr. 62.i Put- *T»f-
ter St.— Stated assembly THIS EVEN- ffjfc
ING at *> o'clock. All f raters are w
courteously invited. V
.1 C. CAMPBELL. Em. Com.
WILLIAM T. FONIIA, Recorder.
SAN Francisco Chapter No. 1. Royal _^\_
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. TCX
Business only. l^w *
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. •
M. Stated meeting THIS (MONDAY) _s\_
EVENING at 9 o clock. By order of^JT
the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127, F. and A. ft
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY iMi'iN- _J\_
HAY). June 5. ISM. at 8 o'clock p. m. IST
By order of the W. M. /▼>
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
THE regular monthly
meeting of the Society
of California Pioneers /^J^^ltfwS^^idL
at 8 o'clock. J. M. '•■•'^ •^m^^r
Hutchlngs Esq. will address the members. A
nominating committee will be elected. A
full attendance Is requested.
J. I. SPEAR, Secretary.
A. O. H. Division No. 2— The regu- %^V>
lar monthly meeting of this division VAVMf
will be held at Hlbernia Hall, 120 J&VYII
Ninth St., on TUESDAY. June 6, 1899.$cJftjBj
at 7:30 p. m. The annual election of •""¥*
officers will take place • at this meeting.
Fines for non-attendance will be strictly en-
forced. BARTLY LEE, President.
T. 1... CLANCY, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. H. Southwlck. In the North
Hill placer mine, near Milton, Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings In Rich Gulch;
from T. B. Bennett, In the Ohio mine, near
Wash, Plumas County, to deposit tailings on
a flat below the mine; from W. E. Duncan
Br.. In the York Ranch placer mine, near
Spanish Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit
tailings on a flat below the mine: and from
Alfred Schofleld. In the Klondike mine, at
Whisky Diggings. Sierra County, to deposit
tailings behind the dam of the Washington
mine. In Plate Creek, gives notice that a
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
Ing, Ban Francisco. Cal., on June 12, 1899,
at 1:30 p. m.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children in the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January. 1898:
Henrietta Barraco, aged 9 years; Anna Bar-
raco, 8; Gertrude Barns, 11: Anna Barns, 9;
Lillian Horgan, 9; Maud Edsberg, 9; Irene
Edsberg. 7; Kath. Sullivan, 6; Mary Oliver.
10.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile salve, $1 per
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external, Internal or protruding
piles without fail, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St., near Sutter.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, Jl up;
painting done. Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for |4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5520.
EH IDEM) V /ICES.
DIVIDEND No. 4 (30 cents per share) of the
Paauhau Sugar Plantation Company will be
payable at the office of the company. 327
Market St., on and after Saturday, June 10,
1899. Transfer books will close on Saturday,
June 3, 1899, at 12 o'clock m.
K. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 1321.
CHINESE and Japanese help; established 20
years; tel, Main VM~. Bradley & Co., 640 Clay.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE}.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 41S Powell St.. tel. main 5332.
help of all nationalities await positions.
COMPETENT young German and American
cook: $30 and $35; best references. MRS.
LAMBERT. 41b Powell st., tel. main 5332.
COMPETENT North German nurse, 5 years
last place: also second girl, best references.
MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell, tel. main 5332.
COMPETENT Swedish girls desire situations as
cook and second girl: best city references.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT '-oung girl desires situation as nurse or
to assist In housework; $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COMPETENT German cook desires situation;
best references; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG Swedish girl; good cook and house-
worker, $15 to $20. MRS NORTON. 313 Sutter.
GREEN Swedish girl, strong and willing,
wishes place to assist; $10. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl, with 5 years' ref-
erences; excellent cook; city or country;
MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
RELIABLE woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; city or short distance
In the country; will work for moderate
wages; kind to children; references if re-
quired. 3SS6 Twenty-third St., near Sanchez.
COMPETENT and reliable woman would like
situation as cook and downstairs work: first-
class references. Call or address 14 Bridge
pi., off Broadway, bet. Leavenworth and
Hyde.
YOUNG girl wishes situation in private fam-
ily for general housework; wages $20. Apply
14 Beideman St., oft Ellis, bet. Scott and
Devisadero.
Woman wishes situation to do general house-
work in private family: is good cook and will
do plain washing; moderate wages. 267 Ste-
venson st., near Fourth.
WANTED— By a young woman from the East,
any light housework or taking care of chil-
dren; gnod home more an object than wages.
Box 573, Call office.
YOUNG lady with business qualifications so-
licits a position as stenographer and book-
keeper; small salary. Address Diplomacy,
Box 579. Call.
YOUNG tirl wishes to assist in housework.
Call 969 Mission st.
RELIABLE elderly Protestant woman wishes
a position in small family; light housework;
good plain cook. 254 Fell st.
COLORED' woman wishes situation as child
nurse; either country or city. 1236 Folsom.
GOOD cook with boy 4 years old wishes posi-
tion as cook for camp, hotel or widower's
family. Address 708 Brannan st.
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes work by the
day or at home; $1 25 per day. 124 A 11th St.
YOUNG lady, good stenographer, wants posi-
tion of any kind few hours each evening.
B I :■?'. ''a!! office.
NORTH German nurse seek* position in Amer-
ican family; age 30; best city references. Ad-
dress E. C, 929 Pine st.
SITUATION In small American family; good
home more of an object than wages; will
assist In housework. Box 657, Call office.
WANTED— By a strong girl, general house-
work; city or country, or will wait on table
in a country hotel; 3'j years last place. Call
716 Fourteenth St., near Market.
LADY would like position to do plain sewing
or second work. SCSVi Market, room 9.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night; $150 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414Vs O'Farrell St.; tel. East 42-L
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary st. ; tel. Grant 56.
I lil< U.STKKKR, German young man, wants
work. 7 Grant aye,
BARBERS— Good barber wants work for $10
per week; city or country- 1* I>X 6flu - Call.
GOOD, reliable bar man; speaks German and
English; country preferred; the best of ref-
.;■ .-...-- 1 . ■ ■.:'.. < 'all office.
r-TkoNij sober man, just from East, desires
work in city as quick as possible; dv any-
thing- LAZ< •'•"> V 80 Third Kt.
YOUNG man will work on fruit orchard for $1
a day; must be steady place year around;
any part of State; well recommended. Box
805. Call office.
DAIRYMAN, l". years' experience, capable to
take charge; experienced with h^rs.-s, harness
and carriages; age ■)"■; single; temperate; well
recommended. Address box 945, Call office,
until Monday na a,
MAN and wife, experienced cooks, want posi-
tions in hotel, boarding-house or camp; city
or country; wife willing and capable to take
poeltlon m any capacity, ('all or address S.
X., room 6, 714 Larkin st., a F.
MAN and wife wish situations; man Is good
milker; can drive horses and do general work;
wile is good cook and housekeeper. Address
rci Commercial st.
POSITION as nurse or attendant on Invalid
gentleman; willing to travel; wages reason-
able. Address A. H. A.. 1517 Spring st.,
Berkeley.
ENGINEER, with license, and good recom-
mendations, understands all classes of en-
gines, wishes situation; city or country. Ad-
dress box 1608, Call, office.
WANTED— By a practical steam and lager
beer brewer, a situation: best references.
A<!.]rcss box 1614. ''all ofllce.
GARDENER, coachman, general utility man
uish.s situation; city or country; good refcr-
en< es. Box c:< 7. Call office.
MAN' and wife, young couple, would like din-
ing-rOOtn work; country hotel. Box 930, ("all.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th«
United States, postpaid, for $1 per year.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Second girl, country. $25; 16 wait-
resses, city and country hotels, resorts and
restaurants, $20 and $5 and $6 a .week; two
German cooks. $30; girls tor housework for
Menlo Park. $25; Alameda. $25; Santa Clara,
$20; San Rafael, $25; Redwood City, $20; Mer-
ci '1. ■:-": Stockton, JL'."; French second girl.
$20; Protestant second girl, $20; nurse, $25: 16
girls for housework, city, $20 and $25. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter St.
COOK, boarding house, Rio Vista, $25 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Sausallto, $25. MISS CULLEN,
525 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, Alameda, $25 per month: must
be a good seamstress. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Belvedere, $25 per month; see
lady here. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK. Oakland. $25; Alameda, $25; San
Rafael, $20; and several other towns; 20 house-
work girls, city, $25 and $20 each; 8 young
girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house. $25 and $15
per month each: chamberwork and waiting.
Alameda, $20; second work. Oakland, $20; 10
waitresses and chambermaids, city $25 and
$20 each. MISS Ct'LLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French nurse; must play piano
and sew; $23. MRS. LAMBERT. 418 Powell.
COOK, must understand Gorman cooking $25-
-6 hnusegirls, $15, $25. MRS. LAMBERT, 418
Powell st.
SECOND girl; must sew; Alameda; $25: see
lady at 11 a. m. MRS LAMBERT, 41S Powell.
MAX and wife: man, general work: wife
cook; $30. MRS. LAMBERT, 418 Powell st.
COOK. San Jose, $25; second girl. Berkeley,
$20. choice place, see party here. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
HOUSEGIRL, two '-> family. $20; nurseglrl. $12;
ml. ldle-aged woman, country, $20; cook, $25;
honsegirl, Alameda, $20; Oakland, $20: young
girl to assist, $10 to $12. MRS. NOR'tON.
313 Sutter st.
3 AVAITRESSES, 2 chambermaids for country"
2 ranch cooks; 25 young girls to assist. MISS
DILLON. 315 Sutter St., phone Main 804.
YOUNG girl; light housework and take care
of baby. Call 127 Ash aye, bet 9 and 11.
FIRST-CLASS lunch waitress. 313 O'Farrell st.
GIRL to assist in general housework. 737 Mc-
Allister st., near Octavia.
COOK wanted; boarding house. 524 O'Farrell
street.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman for housework
and cooking; wages $10 and $12. 319 Third.
WOMAN to care for children; $10 a month.
Call after 1 p. m., 20 Mary st., near Fifth.
GOOD finisher on custom coats. 466 Clemen-
tina st.; steady work.
WANTED— Young girl to assist with light
housework and care of children. 1649 Mission.
WANTED- Woman that understands cooking
to assist in kitchen. 5 Polk st.
GIRL for general housework; apply 9 to 12, 100
McAllister sU
HELP WANTED— Con tinned.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole-makers and finishers
on custom vests; steady work, by the week;
good wages. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS waist hands wanted at 637 Sut-
ter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman or girl of 16 to assist
wages $8 to $10. 1021 Van Ness aye.
WOMAN or girl, good worker, as help in din-
ing room and kitchen. 448 Third st.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard st., bet. 4th and sth, over handball court.
WANTED— A girl to help in a restaurant. Call
830 Howard st.
LADIES wanted everywhere to distribute sam-
ples and advertise California Orange Syrup,
$2 per day and expenses paid, cash every
week. Particulars for 2-cent stamp. Cali-
fornia Orange Syrup Co., San Francisco. Cal.
GIRL for general housework; sleep home. 3360
, Seventeenth st., near Valencia.
WANTED— Good girl for light kitchen work.
1300 Turk st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 1631 Post
street.
WANTED— An elderly woman to cook for 4 or
5 men; wages $10 per month; Swedish or Ger-
man. 500 Haight st.
WANTED— young girl to learn dressmak-
ing. SCHIMMEL & STOVER, 408 Sutter St.
GERMAN girl or woman wanted for general
housework. Apply 637 Pine St.
TWO experienced girls to work in a pickle fac-
tory. LEWIS PACKING CO., 625 Front st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker; call at once, rooms
40-43, 1226 Broadway, Oakland, 12 to 4.
WANTED— A Ctrl for plain housework and
cooking; no washing or baking; wages $10
2SOS Twenty-fourth St.; bakery. !
Al PUPILS for select millinery school: trade
thoroughly taught; plenty work; satisfaction
guaranteed; terms easy; evening classes. 506
Leavenworth st. ,
EXPERIENCED shirt operators; beat prices;
steady employment. Eagleson Co.. 535 Market.
HELP WANTED—
WANTED— Young Engllsman about place.
$25, references required; young American
farmer for vegetable garden, $20 and increase.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 02$ Sacramento st.
WANTED— Ranch blacksmith, $35 and found,
fare paid; 2 camp blacksmiths, $60; black-
smith's helper on carriage work, $2 day; rip
sawyer for city; screw turner for mill. $70. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— SO laborers for woods, mines, tun-
nel -work and railroads, $1 75, $2 and $2 50
day; 4 drift gravel miners, $40 and board:
woodsmen of all kinds at going wages; 6
milkers, $25 and $30; farmers, choremen and
others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., &S Sacra-
mento st.
MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5548
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WANT MONDAY, 7 A. M
3973 men and boys $95 to $15 and found
12 haymakers, different places, $1 25 day and
found; S3 farm, orchard and vineyard hands
for different places, $30, $26, $25 and $20 and
found; 18 milkers for different dairies, $30,
$25 and $20 and found; 16 choremen for
ranches, etc., $25, $20 and $15 and found;
2 farmers and wives $40 and $35 and found
6 fruit pickers, Santa Clara Co.
BIG WAGES
10 laborers, 8 hours, fare $1 $2 day
6 laborers, 10 hours, fare $1 $2 50 day
12 laborers, San Mateo Co $60
12 4-horse teamsters, fare $1 30.. 542 and found
12 laborers for Government work
CARPENTERS and Mine Help
8 carpenters, city and country Jobs, $2 75 day;
2 more carpenters, 10 months' job, sawmill,
$2 75 day -
12 laborers for a large mine $60
2 diamond drillers '. $3 10 day
.... BLACKSMITHS— WOODWORKERS ....
3 camp blacksmiths $45, J35 and found
5 shop blacksmiths $3, $2 50 and $2 day
2 sawmill blacksmiths $40 and found
6 ranch blacksmiths $40 and found and $30
Young man as wood worker.... $40 and found
Machinist, $2 50 day
BOILERMAKERS
2 bollermakers or sheet iron workers, $3 50
day. for a large mine company
FREE... TO EVERY R. R. IN CAL. .FARE.
Drillers laborers teamsters
Headermen spikers and other help
Wages $3 50. $3, $2 50. $2 and $1 70 day
....?..... LOS ANGELES DISTRICT :...
Free fare, teamsters, laborers, $2 and $1 75
day.
FARE PAID
....TO THE SAWMILLS AND W00D5....
Foreman, woodsmen Sticker hand
2 setters Steam's blocks 16 bark peelers
12 jackscrewers IS timber fellers
2 log fixers 3 redwood peelers
3 spool tenders 26 crosscut sawyers
Shingle jogger 3 screw turners
155 laborers for mills, yards, woods, etc,
wages run from $90 to $26 and found; 189
woodchoppers, tools found, $2 00 to $1 cord;
264 tlemakers, tools found, fare paid, 8c to
12c each
IN SAN FRANCISCO
24 two horse teamsters, SI 75 day and $26 and
found: 36 laborers, different classes of work.
$30 and found, $26 and found and $1 75 and $2
4 stablemen, different jobs, $25 and $20 and
found^£- d - c AND" CHORE—EN*. '.'.'.'.'.'.
Gardener Catholic, private place... s3o and fd
Man to milk 10 cows and do chores, private..
* $25 and found
Choreman, no cows, no horses, private
$15 and found
MURRAY &. READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
FREE FARE ....... P. R. R.
Coast Division, via Third and Townsend sts..
9 a. m. Tuesday
We ship •••• ;•••;•
Drillers Office fee $1
......Hammermen Office fee $1
2 and 4 horse teamsters Office fee $1
Stonemasons Office fee $1
Laborers, etc Office fee $1
Wages $3, $2 50. $2 20. $2 and $173 day
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOKS WAITERS LAUNDRYMEN
5 hotel cooks and saloons.. sso. $40, $30 and fd.
3 ranch cooks, 7 men only $25 and found
3 mine and camp c00k5. .60 and $40 and found
3 second and third cooks. .s4o, $30 and $25 and
found
French second cook $40 and found
2 cooks for springs, part fare paid; 6 waiter?,
different jobs, $30, $25 and $20 and found
Polisher, country laundry $55
Laundryman for springs hotel
2 plain and camp waiters $20 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
(BAKERS .... PORTERS ....DISHWASHERS
3 bakers' helpers and assist, $30. $25, $20, $13
and found; also boy to deliver bread, $15
and found
3 hotel porters, good hotel jobs
27 dishwashers, different jobs, $25. $20 and $15.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOYS FOR SAN FRANCISCO
2 to learn blacksmithing. 1 to learn baker.
2 to learn other trades, $3 week and $S and
found: boy around hotel, $s and found. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
COAST ROAD ~
Free Fare Free Fare
Laborers, teamsters, concrete mixers, track-
layers, tunnelmen, $1 75 to $2 50 a day.
Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
— S. P. COMPANY WORK -
—FREE FARE
FOR LOS ANGELES COUNTY
20 track layers and laborers.
Free fare Fee $1
C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st.
SECOND cook. Lake Tahwe, $50; second cook.
Santa Cruz, $50; second cook, springs, $45;
second cook, hotel, city, $50; second cook for
a cafe, $45; cook, small country hotel, $30;
cook, $10 a week: night potwasher, ?30; 7
dishwashers, $25; 5 dishwashers, $5 a week
and $20 and room; potwasher, country hotel,
$20; 2 dishwashers, country hotel, $20.
Working head waiter, mining town, $30 and
fare advanced; night waiter, oyster house.
$30; night waiter, country restaurant, $30 and
room: waiters. $25.
Bell boy, with references. $15 and found;
bell boy, $12; porter, family hotel, $10. C.
_ R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COACHMAN and Indoor servant, horses kept
in livery stable, $30 and found; hostler, livery
stable, $30 and found; farmer and wife, $40
and found; milker, $25: 15 farmers. $1 a day
and board and $25 and found; woodsmen— 2
fellers, $40; crosscutters, $35 and found; labor-
Bra and pliers, $26 and found and $30 ■■' 1
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
4 MORE laborers for mine; good steady job;
$2 per day. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
RANCH blacksmith: steady job at $35 and
board. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st
6 LABORERS for city $1 60 per day
5 teamsters for city $1 60 per day
milker, $30. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
WANTED— Coachman for gentlman's place;
' near city; references required; $30 and found.
W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
12 HAYING hands for good long job; near
city; $1 25 per day: harvest hands, going
wages. W. D. EWER & C 0.#610 Clay st.
RANCH cook, near city $20
Farm hands $26
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st
MAN about private place in city; $20 and
found, and others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610
Clay st.
DISHWASHER, country: $15 per month; fare
paid. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
VEGETABLE man. $20, for springs. HOTEL
GAZETTE. 420 Kearny St.
PARTY to open boarding camp; 5 months'
Job. LARSEN, 318 Bush st., bet. 10 and 12
to-day. ■
FIRST class porter wanted; barber shop. 23S
Farrel I st.
TRAVELER to sell shirts on commission; side
line; state particua.lrs. N. V., Call office.
BOY wanted at 1215 Stockton St.; must reside
. ", in neighborhood.
HE Li* WANTED— Continued.
STEADY busheling man at room 1001, Palace
Hotel. .
GOOD shoemaker wanted for repairing. 611
Lacuna st. - .
MAN to do light work in lodging house; room,
board, washing. 5 Market st.
BARBER steady for Wednesday eve, Saturday^
and Sunday. Address E. W.. box _<__[__■
LUNCH waiter wanted at 115 East street.
BUSHELMAN tailor wanted at 35 O'Farrell
street.
DISHWASHER wanted at 1?" Fifth St.; call
early.
BARBER, competent, respectable man, for a
_ good place. Address box 071, Call office.
PORTER and bootblack wanted at 12 Fifth st.
FOR sale— First class hotel barber shop; cheap.
Apply DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis st.
$10 DAILY; introducing new gaslight burner
for kerosene lamps; sample free. Perfection
Gaslight Burner Co., L. B. 147. Cincinnati. O.
WANTED— Grocery clerk with good references.
Box 538. Call office.
EXPERIENCED man nurse for societies; night
work preferred; references. Box 1633, Call.
YOUNG men and ladies 16 years and over wish-
ing employment call at at Hillsdale, 33 Sixth.
St., bet. 11 and 2, room 21.
EXPERIENCED clothing cutter on ready-
made goods. 20 Sansome st.
AMATEUR musicians to join band for social
purpose. 32S Bush st., second floor, room 4.
TO go this week— soo pairs men's shoes, som«
nearly new. from 50c to $1 Ou: new shoes,
slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mission St.,
bet. Ist and 2d sts. ; open 5 a. m. to 9 p. m.
COAL miners accustomed to pitching veins can
find steady work at good wages at the Tesla
coal mines, Alameda County, Cal.; sufficient
new ground has been opened up during the
past ninety days to make room for forty coal
miners; no other class of labor is required,
and miners "unaccustomed to pitching veins
are not advised to come. SAX FRANCISCO
AND SAN JOAQUIN COAL CO., R. H-V'-
NORTON, superintendent. T
RAILROAD teamsters wanted on the Valley
road; apply at Stone's camp, near Giant sta-
tion; wages, $1 75 to $1 U0: alsn first-class
tunnel men; apply at Point Richmond; wages
$1 75, $2 and $2 50. E. B. STONE. Ban Pablo.
MEN wanted — Laborers, drillmen and team-
sters on railroad work; blankets and bedding
free; fare from Oakale to Sonora tree. Ap-
ply to A. E. BUCKMAN, 302 Montgomery st.
— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— 2O men to occupy rooms; 10c per
night, 60c to $1 per wk. 106 New Montgomery.
MEN to work about steam shovel; also track-
men dumpmen and trainmen, for Point
Richmond. JAMES A. McMAHON, 210 Spear.
BUSH, , 421, above Kearny— rooms; gaa
and stationary washstand; 15c, 25c up.
FIRST-CLASS tunnel superintendent; good sal-
ary; references required; state experience.
Apply box 7848, Call office.
WANTED I camp blacksmiths for genera]
work. Apply to E. B. STONE, Elmhurst.
WANTED— pick and shovel men at Devisa-
dero and Broadway, city. [
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for coast and
Australia at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at S. F.
BARBER COLLEGE. 138% Eighth st. <
200 SINGLE furnished rooms. 100, 15c and 250
per night. Lindell. 6th and Howard; read. rm.
ELLIS, 321 (Rosedale House)— l6o rooms, day,
week or mo.; rates, 25c to $1 per night: re-
duction to permanent roomers; reading room.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attorneys. .
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market. A*
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ -
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel, Jessie 1164.
SINGLE rooms, lap. 20c. 25c per night: 75c. $1
to $2 50 week. Elcho House. 863% Market st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market st., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— Sailors for Hawaiian Islands, Ma-
nila, Mexico and Alaska. W. LANE, Ship-
ping Agent, 504-506 Davis st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket: 700 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
AGENTS WANTED.
MEN and women, good address, to travel and
appoint agents: salary $75 month; expenses;
■ rapid advancement; unusually brilliant op-
portunity. Address, with reference, BUTLER
& ALGER, New Haven. Conn.
AGENTS wanted — To sell Leshure's Adjustable
Lawn Mower Sharpener; sharpens perfectly;
rapid seller: make $30 to $50 weekly. H amp-
den Corundum Wheel Co., Springfield, Mass.
SELL Magic Heel Protectors, sample 10c; also
Leather Lustre: sam. 25c. BROWN. 332 Bush.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER wanted with $100; cash paying meat
market. Oakland. A. J.. box 723, Call office,
Oakland.
WILL grub-stake a practical prospector to go
to Lower California. Address bos 1636, Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Bitch in milk to raise puppies, V
2766 Twenty-second St.; liberal payment; call ■
Immediately.
WANTED — To hire 100 first-class scraper teams
with harness and pead bars; long job. E. B.
STONE. Elmhurst.
TO trade — High-grade wheel for young horse
to weigh about 1000 pounds. Box 302. Call.
DENTISTS.
DrTt?'sT~H I <_; < I N ' Den _T?aric>rsr~
Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Market st.
Painless extraction a specialty; lnferlol
work done on the teeth is always the most
expensive; badly decayed and aching teeth
we carefully treat before they are filled or
crowned; pure gold fillings from $1; plates
from $5. We guarantee to fill sensitive teeth
without pain. Best materials used only.
A NEW patent— See our new flesh-colored
plates; cannot be detected from the natural
teeth and gum; thin and strong; much su-
perior to rubber; crown and bridge work;
teeth without plates our specialty; flexible
plates from $5; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 00c; all
work painless and warranted. CHICAGO
DENTAL PARLORS. 24 Sixth st. _
HOUSEGIRL, two in family. $20; nursegirl. $12|
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates,* extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sunday, 9 to ]
p. in. G. W. WILLIAMSON. M.D.. Manager.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 OFarrell St.. ex-
tracts and fills teeth painlessly by his wonder-
ful secret method; crowns. $2; bridges $4;
rubber or flexible plates, $3; received 8 first
prizes; no students; guaranteed 12 years.
FULL set of teeth, $4; fillings, 25c jp; gold
crowns. $3; gold bridges. $.> up; painless ex-
traction guaranteed; plates repaired. NEW
YORK DENTISTS. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
DR LUDLUM HILL,- 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh- crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
A FULL set of teeth. $5; teeth without plates a
specialty: liberal credit given. PERRY DEN.
TAL PARLORS. 8 Mason St., corner Market. V
VAN VROOM— Painless extraction by electric
it v- guarantee 10 years; lowest prices; 10
operators: no students. 907 Market st.
OHIO Dental Parlors— Filling, 50c up; crowns,
$3 up; open ev'gs. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk St.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
IB pac-ps In Wrapper, for mailing. *1 per vpar.
ATTORN AT LAW.
ADVICE free; R. W. King, attorney at law
sixth floor. Chronicle building; no advanc«
charges: estates, mortgages, damages, attach,
ments, bankruptcy, all cases: wills, contract*
etc., drawn; moderate fees; call or write.
MAGUIRE & Gallagher— G. Ma-
gulre (ex-Congressman) and James L. Galla-
gher (ex-City and County Attorney) hay«
moved their law offices to the Parrott build-
Ing. 825-555 Market st. tel. South 215.
NO charge unless successful; advice free- of-
fice open evenings from 8 to 9. HUGH C.
GRANT, room 604, Emma Spreckels building.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
MRS. CLARA FOLTZ. attorney at law; pro-
bate and guardianship: Sth floor Crocker bldg.
L. S. CLARKE— Emms Spreckels building. 92 j
Market; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.
CO-PART.\_,KSIin ST ~
NOTICE of dissolution of copartnership—
tice Is hereby given that WINFIELD S.
DAVIS. BURT L. DAVIS and CARL A.
HENRY, formerly ' doing business as co-
partners under the firm name and style ol
DAVIS & HENRY, have dissolved such co-
partnership and the business heretofore don«
by such firm will hereafter be conducted a! 4
No. 215 Sansome st. by DAVIS _ HENRY, a*
Incorporated company.
Dated February 28. 1599.
CARL A. HENRY.
WINFIELD S. DAVI_
BURT L. DAVIS.BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— S4SO— BRANCH bakery and notion store in
lively country town. 18 miles from the city;
rent $1."«, including fiat; a rare chance. It <';
ILKE, 90ti Mai I st.
A— Jl4OO-CORNKR grocery and bar in the best
location of the Mission; living rooms; place
established years; doing a good business-
large stOL'k in groceries and llqui rs. R c;
WILKE, 906 j Market st. '
A— |250; CIGAR stand with laundry iffice; nl
flu ; one block from Call. WILKE, '."'0 Mar-
ket st.
A-J1200; BAKERY In lively country town;
established years; monthly sales $1000; rent
$25; horse, wagon, living rooms: a good pay-
ing business. Call R. G. WILKE. 906 Market.
A-sBoo— CORNER saloon and cigar stand on
Stockton st., 2 blocks from Market; a bar-
jjE gain; R. G. WILKE & CO., 906 Market st.
A— s32so; CORNER saloon, with 5 furnished
rooms; established years; everybody knows
this as a money-making place; never clears
less than £00 per month; owner wants to
make a trip to Europe. Particulars R. G.
S.WILKE. SOU Market st.
-W300; BRANCH Bakery"" In the Mission; 4
li\ ing rooms; rent jl'o; a good paying place;
£if"? about SUM per month. K. Q. WILKE.
SOt) Market st.
A— 51000; PARTNER wanted 161n Si detective
agency; !ne oldest r.nd best established bu-
reau in this city. I all R. G. WILKE, 90*
Market st.
A— ssoo; SALOON, doing a first-class business;
(-stab, years; 50 feet from Call bldg.; account
_°i Btck "ess.*: Particular* R. c, Wllke, 906 Mkt.
11600; CORNER grocery and bar; living
rms.; one-halt block from Wleland's Brewery;
daily receipts about $26; cash trade .nly: a
-..-!?... tl "' nc *- ' " a! 1 R. '.. WILKE, 90S Market.
FOR KALE.
The entire Klondike Hotel property, r-al and
personal. The property is ... at the cur-
iier o< » 'enter and Coloma sts., in the city of
Plaeerville, county of El Dorado, Stiite of '"ali-
fornla. The property consists of two lots of
land and the largo two-story hoi building
and outbuildings. The hotel contains a parlor,
rurnished; large barroom and office, with a
nne bar, back bar and bar fixtures, cash regis-
ter nnd other furniture; also a reading and
poolroom; containing :i ne^ pool table, latest
ftyl^. and other furniture; .-,, a largo dining-
room, furnished with a full supply of tables
.md '.airs: also a pantry containing llb.-nil
stock of crockery and glassware, cutlery and
upoons and tablf linen; also a large kitchen;
containing a fine range, water heater, cooking
utensils, et<\ ; also a bathroom and patent
toilet closets on both floors; hot and cold water
m both floors; ala 21 fully furnished bedrooms;
everything Is first-das: and can he purchased
cheap, Apply to S. E. SACKETT, Klondike
Hotel, Plai ervllle.
A— sl7s; FASHIONABLE hairdressinc and
manicuring parlors; lentral location;' ci'car.s
$100 month: owner leaving State. KREDO &
CO.. 22» 2 Geary st.
A— $100: CIGAR stand near theater; clears $100
monthly. KREDO « CO., 22^ Geary st.
J4(Vi- CIGAR stand near theater; clears $100
monthly. KREDO & CO., 22V& Geary st.
NOTICE— To sell your business promptly for
cash apply HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Market.
MARKET-ST. liquor saloon business of $23
daily, ■ - ■■:;' ■:■ fitted up; private rooms;
make offer; also Market-st all-day saloon;
many others. HEALY & HIMMEL. 917 Mkt.
BALOON and 6 furnished rooms for sal very
cheap. 140 Minna st.
GOOD opportunity to secure a good paying
blacksmith and wheelwright business: stock
and tools will Invoice $3000; shop and lots
$1500; will sell for $4000 on account of failing
health: shop doing a business of $5000 a year;
Investigation courted; no agents. Address
Blacksmith, box 51f>. Call office.
j^no— PARTNER in cigar, candy and notions
store In country; takes in over $40 per week;
can be increased 30 to 40 per cent; references;
expenses paid while investigating. Address
lock box 144, GeyserviUe, < 'a.1.. or at Call
office.
GROCERY and bar In Mission at inventory;
owner going to Manila; cheap rent. Apply
1009 Mission st.
WANTED— Reliable partner with S3' for
profitable manufacturing; full investigation
desired. Call at 530 Webster, near McAllister.
$61x1 — SALOON: prominent corner; receipts $25
daily; owner must so East, hence this sacri-
fice. $?50— Saloon; this is another snap; inves-
tigate both. National Agency, 783% Market.
1500^-FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store: full
stock; cheat, rent; trade $20 per day guaran-
teed: Investigation solicited, C. F. MOORE,
1-35 Market st.. room 4.
PARTY with $75, lady or gent, good scholar,
can loin advertiser In a half interest office
enterprise; •-ant and mutual; particulars
on application: principals only. Box 515, Call.
WANTED— t-Jood business partner; must have
$3000; enterprise with $4000 -•.merit; big
returns quick and safe; no triflers; references.
*xchangpd. Box 949, CaJI office.
: COVERED Book Store-, .120* Market,
bet. Eighth and Ninth; a money-maker;
price $2500, and big value for the money.
FOR SALE— Good paying candy route, with
horse and wagon; all In good condition. Ap-
ply 660 Mission St.
DINING room for sale on account of family
affairs: doing fine business: Investigate; no
agents. Addrens box 1613. Call office.
FOR SALE — Best restaurant south and close to
Market st. ; cause sickness: investigate; no
agents: direct Box 693, Call office.
ARE you looking for small well-located good-
paylng restaurant? I have it. Box 563, Call.
BARGAIN— SaIoon. 12 Seventh st., opposite
new Postoffice building.
SALOONKEEPERS, attention— For sale; old-
established business. Particulars at 1514 Polk.
BARBER shop for sale on Market at. Inquire
at 112 V Eddy St.
AT bargain— Electro and typing plant;
principals only. Box S5l, Call.
A SACRIFICE— OId established fruit store;
good chance. 130 Eighth St.; no agents.
GOOD paying shoe store; must sell account of
sickness. Call at 360 Third Ft.
BARGAIN saloon, neatly fitted, on a
leading street, near Market. Box 947, Call.
GROCERY and bar for sale cheap. 254 Jessie
St., bet. Third and Fourth.
SALOONKEEPERS, Attention— For sale; old-
established business. Particulars at 1512 Polk.
6HOESHOP must be sold; good paying busi-
ness: 1 room furnished; good prices. 332 Bush.
OOFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
\f. CASWELL & CO.'S., 415 Sacramento st.
ROUTE on this pa] ■ • for sale. Apply this
office.
HORSES^
♦0 HORSES for sale; also waicons. £uggle»7
carte, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Market.
817 Sixth St.: auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived two carloads well-broken busi-
ness and work horses. Chase & Mendenhall.
successors Killip & Co.; salesyard. 1732 Mkt.
FOR pale- horses and mules at old Turk-st.
car ytables. 1301 Turk st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons, carts,
buggies, surreys and horses. 1140 Folsom at.
FOR >.\i/i »:i.LA>j;ot;9.
BOlLERs!~englnTs, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLFMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. _
ON sale Monday and Tuesday only, the follow-
ing- 4 coin silver American watches, * each,
worth $15; 3 14-karat gold-filled gent's Ameri-
can watches, price $7, worth $1S: 1 fine seal-
skin Jacket, price fM, cost $200. LNCLIu
HARRIS, IS Grant ave.^ j ______
FIVF 10-bore I. C. Smith shotgun for $23; cost
originally $60. At UNCLE HARRIS', 15
Grant aye. ■
BOILERS engines, second-hand machinery.
ASHMAN .-- BURKE 139 Beale St.
BAR- back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum office furniture, store and office
furniture and fixtures; new and second-hand.
J. NOONAN. 101M019-1021-1C23 Mission st.,
above Sixth. -
A AN OVERSTOCK- -
St Germain Billiard Co., 409 Market st. ; all
styles, new and 2d-hand tables, bar fixtures,
supplies ; best beer pumps; cheap; installmta.
PIGEONS wanted; 1 to 50 dozen; all breeds.
1616 Telegraph aye., Oakland.
BARS, counters, showcases, shelving- mirrors,
bought, Bold and exchanged. 10C3 Mission st.
GASOLINE engines, 2d-hand. from 2 to 26 H.
P. ; cheap and guaranteed. 648 Mission st.
DRESS pants. $2 95: fine suits. $9 95. Misfit Cloth-
Ing Parlors, '13 Montgomery, cor. Commercial.
GASOLINE engines 1 h. p- $100, 2 h. p. $125, 3
h. p. > 1 .-, ' • . 4h. p. $175. Bmith Co.. 627 Mission.
X— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, Jl 71. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
SECOND-HAND machinery, scrap iron and
metala bought.' B. F. I. V., 204 Mission st.
LAUNDRY plant, complete; boiler, engine, etc.
• WHITE'S, 516 Mission st. i
BAFES All sizes, new and second-hand. THE >
HERMANN SAFE CO., 417 Bacramento st
POLYPHONE, $35; attachment (only), $15; will
fit phono or graphophpne. Baclgalupl. )3S Mkt. I
BAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand, all i
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
SEWING MACHINES^
•.IHI.V rented: repaired, bought, sold: !
machine supplies. 146 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer, White cheap;
repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought sold, exchanged, rented; re-
pairing at lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. ,
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO.. Tel. Black 3732.. 2214 Geary
— Money Advanced on Reasonable Rates
29 rooms; elegant; clears $175 $2100
19 rooms; best blortt Geary; boarding 1600
12 rooms; keeps 6 and clears $40 S5O
11 rooms; south of Market; cheap rent... 250
11 rooms; O'Farrfill; very nice; clears $50. 750
11 rooms and dining-room; elegant 700
a rooms; best for the money 300
0-room flat, Sutter st.; rent $23 125
For list call on KREDO _ CO.
R. H. WIN.STOJ? & CO., 1026 Mark*
Telephone Mint 1595.
54 rooms; best sunny corner in city;down-
town; price $3500
105 rooms; corner; paying house 1250
48 rooms; rent $75; clears $*" 1000
15- ROOM HOUSE, ON FIFTH ~StT —
, . _ RENT $35
PRICE $250 : — —
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
BUYERS Call and Bee our bargain! before in-
vesting; we have houses to suit you : we have
3 houses to sell on easy payments: we have
houses to exchange. PACIFIC 'AST EX-
CHANGE, l in 17 " Market st., near Sixth.
$2500 BUYS 25-room house; cheap rent; list from
]0 to 100 rooms: money loaned at - per cent.
EITEL. 1016 Market St.
$200—11 rooms; all good furniture; rent $25
National Agency. "{ I 1 2 Market st.
$100— LODGING-HOUSE: bargain; departure
cause of sale. Mclaughlin & CO.. 777 Mkt.
FOR sale— Lodging house; doing good business;
18 rooms; selling account of family trouble;
no agents. Call 303 Third st.
5300— LODGING house of 20 rooms for sale;
I rent -•-" 72 Jackson ft.
I ■ -~""
ROOMING HOUSES OR SALE.
If, ROOM house on Third st .* $375
24 rooms; never changed hands 1000
Country hotel nnd bar; 30 rooms 1800
I 6-rooni flat, near Emporium 250
1 15-room houce; worth $600 250
16-room house; on Sixth st 550
28 rooms; sunny corner; clears $200 1100
; 26-room house In Oakland; only 850
50 rooms; best corner In the city ISOO
! 10 rooms; on Jones st ; worth $1000 .. 800
I 14 rooms: on Taylor st. (good) 550
24 rooms on Howard st 4.'0
30-room boai ding-house; clonrs S:«m 22."ii)
1020 MARKET ST.. 1020 MARKET ST
H. C. DECKER,
102" Market St.. lf>2o Market st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
' FURNISHED house for Bale of 10 rooms $300.
I GEO. W. H.. PATTERSON, 1706 Market st.
! TAPESTRY, Brussels carpets, laid and lined.
[ 50c. Eastern Outfitting Co., 1310 Stockton st.
j 4 ROOMS furnished in oak for $48 50. with No.
i 7 range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
| FURNITURE wanted — Just opened a big store;
! have no stock; give me a chance at once to
j buy your second-hand furniture, carpets and
I stoves. The Jensen Furniture Store, 79 9th st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
i cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
i gate and approve this method; prices are the
' came as If purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon some easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
Ets.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER _ CHASE'S.
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
! customer.
I UPRIGHT cabinet srand. Connor; ii use j
months; bargain. 403 Stevenson St., cor. sth.
OUR specialty is renting new pianos; $2 50 per
mo. Scott-Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
R. A . DANIELS Is now with BYRON
MAUZY, 308 to 312 Post st.
A— CPRIGHTS, $69 up; Installments. $5 75 up:
rents, $2 up (allowed on sale). Heine, 136 KM*.
A NEW Chicker(ng and 3 Stein-ways Keeffe's,
1019 Van Ness, nr. Geary; tel. Larkin 706.
j BARGAINS— Another big lot pianos put on
sale cheap. Wilson's Storage Rooms, 1710 Mkt
; A— Ji>o: UPRIGHT piano in fin* condition; a!«o
the famous Hornung Bros. 216 McAllister st.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy and other pianos. ;SOB
Post st.
W. G. BADGER, 415 Sacramento -t . agent for
Francis Bacon and Hallet & Davis pianos.
BARGAIN— Good upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 16
McAllister St.. next Hitwrnia Bank.
i KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
I LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell. Bt.
| SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, i Latham place.
EXPERT OPTICIANS
I GEO. MAYERLE, German Expert Optician;
: charter member American Association of Op-
ticians. 1071% Market St.. S. F. ; examina-
tion free; open evenings.
MEDICAL..
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will rind
I In her a true friend; a home for patients,
with every comfort, convenience of a hospl-
I tal and privacy of a home; consultation free
' and confidential; home treatment, $5. No In-
struments used; satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded, by MRS. DR. GWYER.
agent for Berlin Prescription Co.'s Infallible
pills, 510 Eddy st.. bet. Hyde and Larkin; of-
fice hours, 10 to 12. 2 to 4 and 7 to B. Sundays
by appointment only.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cages of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause), safe and sure; relief guaranteed
at any time when others have failed; travel-
ers helped Instantly and can return home the
same day; no instruments used; cure at office.
$6; home In confinement: skillful medical at-
tention; all can save time and expense by con-
sulting the doctor, free, before going else-
where. MRS. DR. WYETH. 942 Post St.. bet.
Hyde and Larkin; hours, 10 to 6 and 7 to 8
p. m.; Sunday, 10 to 12 and 2 to 4 p. m.
ALL ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid: .sure relief,
though else fall, delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.: babies adopted; "travelers treated: no de-
lay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; confi-
dential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market st.;
pills. $1: very strong. $2.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from whatever
cau«<; positively "no Instruments used; guar-
anteed cure at office. $5; travelers helped In-
stantly: consultation free and confidential:
' home for patients; comfort and privacy.
r MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. between
i Mason and Taylor; office hours, 9to 5 and 7
to 8 p. m.: Sundays. in a. m. to 4 p. m.
' IMPORTANT— A great progress in medical sci-
ence for female troubles, from whatever
cause; every woman her own physician, no
matter how long standing; travelers helped
at once: cafe; call on a physician with men's
knowledge: cure, $5; restores In 1 day and
prevents disgrace: can be pent: consultation
free: ladles' " physician, practice S7 years.
DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
I A— DR. O. W. O'DONNELL, world-renowned
female specialist, relieves monthly Irregulari-
ties, from whatever cause. Dr. O'Donnell has
treated successfully more cases of Irregulari-
ties than any other physician: never falls to
cure; consult htm first, save time and money;
treatment can be used at home; ~su!tatlon
free. Call or write. 1023U Market st.
I DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; Chinese tea and
herb sanitarium. 764-7R6 Clay St.. San Fran-
cisco; all diseases cured exclusively by Chi-
nese herbs, over 8000 varieties being used;
1 advice free: hours, 9:SO to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3
and ; to ) p. m.
ALL female complaints cured In 24 hours: reli-
able, safe, sure; maternity home; no Instru-
ments; consultation free, confidential; home
treatment, ?5. MRS. ALLEN. 22S Van Ness.
ALL married ladles know "Seguro." the great-
est boon to them. Richards * Co.. 406 Clay
rt ' $1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to Se-
piiro Mfg. Co.. 651 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladi»s with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Const Agents. Oakland. Cnl
REMOVAL of Mrs. Dr. Schwartz to cor. 43d
and Linden. Oakland; home in confinement;
children adopted out. Take Grove-st. car.
MRS. DR. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Oats aye.:
private home in confinement.
DR and Mrs. Wise. 1118 Market st — Instant re-
lief for monthly troubles or meney bach up
DR WONG HIM. herb doctor, treat* all dls-
rn! tf.s. '-'f the human body. 11" Mason st.
MIMING .'ENTER PRISE.
DEWEY Navigation and Trading Co. v ill dis-
patch baric Northern Light on or about June
10 in seaworthy condition for San Rogue gold
! lields Lower California; over 100 berths al-
ready taken; only 50 left. Call early on
CHAS. F. BLANDIN, President. 10 Califor-
nia st.
TO the new cold fields. Lower California—
Detfey Navigation and Trading Company will
. dispatch a fast vessel to Todos Santos and
melon Bay, Lower California, the early
part if June with passengers and freight;
accommodations for 150 passengers; call early,
nn only lew berth? left. CHAS. F. BLAN-
DIN. President. 10 California St.. room 5.
LOST
LOST Diamond locket marked "M. M." Re-
turn 538 Lynn st. and receive reward.
LOST— May 27. diamond locket, monognimed
i; B.j portraits Inside; $10 reward. Return
to G. BARATY, 24 Sutter st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, J LIKE 5. 1899.
PERSONALS.
RUPTURE, stricture cured; no kife; no injec-
tion ;guarantd. Dr. Gordin, 514 Pine, ab.Kearny.
IiEDEHJER'S Quintonica Hair Tonic' possesses
the quintessence of excellence; unequaled; 35c
bottle. G. LBDBRER, 123 Stockton st.
LE-DERER'S '■:■!•.- Ing parlors .'-till lead in
popularity; 25c only; hair rolls, i 1 '.-; longest.
33c; switches, -. ui>: uno Shampoo, 5c
package. G. UEDERER, 123 Stockton st.
GOOD cook and housekeeper to a widower:
town or country. Box K146, Call office.
10d0 ENVELOPES, billheads', cards, noteheads
or statements printed, $1 0; send for sam-
pies. BLEY, 511 Sacramento St.; Main 1836.
A — ELEGANT ladies' tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. KRAMER, 20 Sansome.
GE2dTL\EMEN'B sewing or mending at 271
O'Farrell St., room 12.
IF ARCHIE MORRISON. formerly >i WheaT
land, 'it!., will write to his father he will
.hear of something to his advantage. HUGH
MORRISON.
LADIES' tailor-made suits, $1 week. Chicago
Clock Co., 1814 Market st. Open evenings.
PRIVATE Sanitarium— Surgical and medical
cases taken charge of for physicians, sur-
geons and private individuals. 131 C Guerrero,'
nr 25th; Guerrero st. cars: tel. Blue 931.
SUMMER bamboo furniture below cost to or-
der. K. YOSHITANI, 313 Suiter St.
i JOHN L. BOONE, Patent, Trademark
I Attorney at Law, and Copyright
j No. 4 Sutter St., Law a Specialty.
San Francisco, Cal. American and Foreign
Send for Circular. ! •■nts Solicited.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms;
I 25c to $1 50 ocr night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
\ free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
iT. BRILLIANT, 338-340 Post St.. will sell you
i furniture, carpets, cloaks, dress goods, tailor-
made suits, etc.. on very easy payments.
i COMPLETE line ladies' tailor-made suits: low
prices; easy payments. Eastern Outfitting
Co., cloak and suit dept.. 130-5 Stockton st.
DR. CREELY'S Dog Hospital, 109 Elm aye.;
; office. Horse Hospital, 510 Golden Gate aye.;
j separate ward for contagious diseases.
i A— Ladies' or gent's clothing, furniture, bought,
sold; tel. Mint !»7. . JACOBS. 1023 Folsom st.
! SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
' LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
j SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
! Jl a week. N. Y. Tailoring Co.. 115 Kearny.
FOLDING beds IS 50: bedrm Bets $S:bed lounges
] $4 60; open eve's. L. J. NEUMANN. 121 Sixth.
WANTED— gold for manufacng. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. MS O'Farrell, bet. Powell _ Mason
! DRESSMAKERS.
i REMOVED to 387 Geary st. dresses made. $5
lip; perfect til . MM:' GOLDSTEIN.
SPIRITUALISM.
i A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
I life reader; medical clairvoyance; treat all pri-
I vate, chronic and obscure diseases; diagnosis
free; sittings, Jl. 232 Stockton st.
I MME. DR. LA ROY, trance medium; posi-
j tivelj cures obesity. 15 Powell st., office 3.
j MRS. MENA FRANCES, Independent slate-
writing medium. lIS Haight Ft.
| MRS. ELLIS, tests to all; Tuei -Fri., 2 p. m. ;
Mon., 8; 25c: sittings. $1. 233 Valencia St.
! MRS. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
j MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant and
i card reader; born with double veil and sec-
ond sight; diagnoses disease; full life read-
j ing; ladies, 50c; gents, Jl; sit., $150. 126 Turk.
; WONDERFUL success of of lime, i ingman,
from New York: scientific palmistry and
astrologlst: readings 50c and $1. 513 Tenth
i st., Oakland.
i MME. GORING, the powerful clairvoyant,
: brings lovers together; settles domestic
troubles. 345 Fifth st.
! MME. LENEMAR, 22 Mason, cor. O'Farrell;
I by planets; -pred' l rescue pass. sir. Gold, '74.
j MISS A L. CARLSON, fortune teller by cards,'
i palmist and planets. 2S Sixth St.. rooms 2-3.
! MME. HANSON, pain I and card reader;
past, sent and future; 25c 14S 6th, rm, 12.
I MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
I 1065 Market St., room 2.
i MYRTLE POTTER, card render and palmist.
] Parlors 12 and IS, second floor, 865% Market.
I MRS. MANDENA, clairvoyant, medium and
| palmist; satisfaction or no pay. '-M ] - Sixth.
j MISS GREEN, card reading and palmistry. 203
Post it., room I.
I MISS R. CLEVELAND, palmist and card
reader. 110 A Geary st . rooms l and 2.
j MISS TESSIE GRANT returned, card reader
j and palmist. ■<■' . Gear: St., rooms 1 and 3.
j MRS. L. DEAN, fortune teller and palmist.
1065 Market st . room 2.
MME. ETTA RALPH, magnetist nd psychom-
etrist; parlors 2 and 3, 905 Market st.
YOUR future told by cards, - '■■ . Sunday hours,
7 to 10 p. m. 326 Larkin St.. room 6.
MME. AUGUST. 1150 Misston st ; clairvoyant,
I card reader and palmist: truth or no pay: 25c.
; MISS MAY FOX, celebrated card reader. 304
I Sutter M.
; JESSIE BURNETT, palmist and card reader,
removed to 865% Market St.. rooms 8-9.
; BLANCHE DE CHAPPELLE. clairvoyant and
1 card reading. 417 Bush St., rooms 9 and 10.
' MME. MOREAU. th» best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. DR. THOMAS, renowned revealer. first
; In her profession; never fails. 325 A Butter st.
■ MISS OLLIE LAKE returned, palmist and
card reaoer. II 1 Grant aye, r. 15. second floor.
, MME. RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; !5c up. 5 Fourth st.
MISS A. FAURE, earn reader and palmist. 405
Kearny St., r. 34; French and English spoken.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pases, rent to any address in the
United States, -•;.;.'!. for $1 per year.
PALMISTRY.
MMX. NEERGAARD, pupil of Count St Ger-
malne. 616 Geary St.. above Jones; tel. Hyde
2621; reading by mall, Jl.
A— MMX. BUSHNELL, the famous palmist, 916
Bush si . bet. Taylor and Jones.
YOUR fate is in your hand; scientific palmis-
-1 try. MME. GERMAINE, 906 Mai I st.. r. SO.
. A— MME. BUSHNELL. the famous palmist, 31«
Bush at., between Taylor and Jonon.
I i
Astrology.
ASTROLOGER and trance medium; minerals
located; lucky days and numbers; pulmlstry.
319 McAllister st.
.—^— — ■ i.—^— — — — .^ ■_■
MONEY TO LOAM.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017' to 1022 Mission st., above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
ANY amount at_6V£ per cent on real estate. 3d
and 2d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 546 Market st. ; telephone Main 1644.
ANY amount by private party on furniture and
pianos; no removal: low rates: confidential.
BONELLI. Conservatory bid*. 130 Powell st.
LOANS made to salaried people; real and
chattel mortgages a specialty; any security,
I THE REYNOLDS CO 59 Third St.
i REAL estate, 6 per cent; 2d mortg.. chattels,
I undiv'd Int'ts. etc. Harper _ Krelger. 312 Ex-
aminer building.
MONEY loaned salaried people on their notes
without Indorser. TOUHT.F.Y. f,S2 Parrott bid*.
STRAIGHT tip: go where you can save Inter-
est. Cut Rate Loan Office. 22 Mason «t.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more mon»y see H. MURPHY. (SO Mnrk't.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal on com-
mission: private. LICK. ' ! '" McAllister.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam . Carpet-cleaning works— Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr,,
3S and 40 Eighth st. . telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Fend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
; beating Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned. 3c per yard. H. L. JONES,
i 300 McAllister St., cor. Larkin. Tel. Mint 1501.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 401 Sutter it.;
I tel. Main 394. QEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J MCQUEEN'S California Carpet Cleaning Co..
, 453 Stevenson st. ; tel South at; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; laid at 3c.
| STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st. : tel. Jessie 944.
' 3 E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
! St.: cleaning 3c per yard: tel. Mission 74.
! U. s Steam Carpet Cleaning Assn.. 30 1 - Golden
: Gate: carpets cleaned. 3c yd.; tel. Mint 346.
j KLIN'S Carpet-beating Works. 333 Golden
i Gate aye.: tel. East 126.
PHYSICIANS.
DR C C O'DONNELL, office and residence, .
1. 1021% Market st., bet. 6th and 7th.
HOUSES TO LET.
■ HOUSES. '; "~FLATS.
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
762 Post, 12 r.......570| 979 Post, 8 r.. $42 50
1220 Laguna, 6 r 35 118 Webster,- 7 r... 30 00
323 Sutter, 7 r SO 792 Lyon, 6 r.. 25 09
1407 Van Ness, 13 r. 65 1024 Geary. 6 r 30 00
705 Ellis, 6 r....... 217 Kirn aye., 5 r. IS 00
FIRST-CLASS house, 8 rooms; 3553 Twentieth
St., bet. Valencia and Mission; newly papered,
tinted and painted throughout.
HOUSE hunting made easy with the printed
list you get from BALDWIN & HOWELL.
1C Montgomery st.
METCALF place, 22, off Geary st., near Mason
—Very central; house, 5 rooms and bath; fine
order. • -
MINNA, 328%, bet. Fourth and Fifth— House of.
6 sunny rooms; In good order.
NW. COR. Guerrero and Twenty-first sts.; fine
house of 12 rooms; large grounds, stable, etc.;
In splendid condition; warm, sunny place.
TWENTY-FIRST St.. near Guerrero, two fine
houses, S3SC and 33SS; 7 rooms; in first-class
condition.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
PARTLY fur. house; modern conv'cs: 2533 Mis-
sion st., near 21st. Apply rm. 8, Flood bids.
COTTAGbS TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms; large basement and
yard. 71SH Grove St., between Buchanan and
Webster.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and barn, suitable for ex-
pressman or laundry wagon. 919 Capp st.
PRETTY unfurnished sunny cottage, modern,
of 7 rooms and flower garden. Apply 40 Dia-
mond st., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
SUNNY cottages, 4 and 5 rooms; also flat 6
rooms, bath; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st., near
Dolores.
BAY-WEN DOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 11l Collins St., near Geary.
$15—4 ROOMS; large yard and big stable. 1805
Ellis st., near Pierce.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath.
Inquire at bakery, 3025 Sacramento, nr. Baker.
BUSH, 1207 flats, 4 and 5 rooms each, $20,
bath; 2 flats, $11. Apply 1211 Bush st.
FINE new flat, 4 rooms; modern; $16. Corner
San .lose aye. and Twenty-ninth Bt.
FLAT hunting made easy with the printed
list you .get from BALDWIN _ HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
FLAT, 6 rooms and hath, $12. 33 Norfolk St.,
near Eleventh, off Folsom.
FRANKLIN, 711. near Golden Gate aye.—
Lower bay-window flat; 4 large rooms; bath;
yard.
HYDE, 416Vi— Flat of 3 sunny rooms; rent $11.
JESSIE, 820 I ,i. off Ninth— Flat of 5 rooms rea-
sonable to right party.
NICE sunny 3-room flat; rent very reasonable.
2085 Ellis 'st. ' -..;•-.-•
SIXTEENTH, near Howard— Nice, clean sunny
upper flats; 7 rooms and bath; $16; repairs to)
suit. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
SUNNY corner upper flat of 7 rooms. 118 Web-
ster St.. near Haight.
THIRD, 417 1 -. Sunny fiat, 8 rooms, latest Im-
provements, 2 front suites with bay-windows.
TO LET— 2 new flats, 6 rooms and bath. 4136
Seventeenth st.. near Eureka.
UPPER flat, 5 rooms and bath. 8% Lewis st.,
off Taylor, between Post and Sutter.
UPPER flat, 6 rooms and hath; reasonable.
SV& Lapldge st., off i v 'i;. above Valencia.
UPPER flat. : . choice sunny rooms; pantry,
storeroom; $12. 2419 Clay St., near Fill more.
$IS— COZY and sunny middle flat. 5 rooms; bath
and yard. 1740 Folsom St., near Thlrtenth.
$10 — 4 rooms, ■ liar and yard. 60 Chesley
St., bet. 7th an I Bth, Harrison and Bryant.
4591, 4557 A EIGHTEENTH St., near Hattle
rooms and b-ith: $10 and 112.
FURNISHED FLATS.
MCALLISTER, 1441— Handsomely furnished up-
per flat; 7 rooms and bath; reasonable to de-
sirable party. Apply 9:30 to 3.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEIvEEI'ING.
A— TWO large sunny rooms, . furnished com-
plete for housekeeping, {8 per month, $2 per
week. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission St..
between First and Second sts.
ALICE. 5, bet. 3d and 4th. off Folsom— 4 sunny
unfurnished rooms; separate yard; rent $9.
AT 14A Geary— Large, well-fur, rm. for light
hskpß. : run. water; $12 mo.; others $150 wk.
BUSH, ii"". near Van Ness aye.— Three nicely-
furnished rooms for housekeeping; $20.
CLEMENTINA, 707, corner Sth— 2 large front
- connecting housekeeping rooms; laundry and
bath; $10-
EDDY, 3O.">— l>arge front housekeeping room;
also single room; private family.
ERIE, 47, bet. 13th and 14th- clean conveni-
ent rooms for housekeeping; garden; rent $13.
GEARY. 1917—118; for adults; 4 comfortable
rooms and bath; 2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 156—2 sunny connecting
housekpg rooms; furnished complete; bath.
GOLDEN GATE, 404, nr. Larkln—Elegant front
bay-window parlor, double, furnished.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—2 well-furnished '
tunny rooms, suitable for light housekeeping;
gas stove; use of telephone. .';""''•?.;
HARRISON, 016— Pleasant sunny front rooms
for housekeeping, bath, only $S a month.
HAVES, 114—2 unfurnished rooms to let.
HOWARD, 640, nr. 3d— Sunny bay-window rms;
also single; 25c, 75c night; $1. $2 50 week.
HOWARD. 704, corner Third— Nice suits on
first floor; also housekeeping; rent cheap.
HYDE, 129—2 nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, complete for hskpg.; single, reas.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished sunny suite, com-
plete for housekeeping; also single room, $7.
LARKIN, 326 — 2 or 3 sunny housekeeping apart-
ments, furnished complete; gas range; bath.
MARKET, 1028 — Large sunny front room end
kitchen, folding bed. closet. $12; 2 unfurn.. $5.
MCALLISTER, 447. cor. Van Ness— Nicely tur-
: nishe.i sunny housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
j MINNA. 436 — Large sunny furnished housekeep-
ing room, with cook stove, $6.
MISSION, 824—2 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $10.
MISSION, 827—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, $10;
well furnished.
MISSION, 1116% Nicely furnished front room
for housekeeping, $2 week.
MISSION, 1221. 1 block from new P. O. site—
Nicely furnished hkpg rooms; reasonable.
NINTH, 113— Two sunny housekeeping rooms
reasonable.
OAK. 119—1 sunny front room, furnished for
housekeeping; clean; see this; $5.
Q'FARRELL. 929. near Van Ness clean front
rooms, complete; gas stove; $14 month.
POLK, 608—2 or 4 sunny unfurnished rooms on
bathroom floor; private residence.
SECOND, 130— Private house; nicely furnished
single and housekeeping rooms; Jl up.
SIXTH. Bay-window housekeeping rooms,
single and.fn suite; bath: reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 90—2 or 3 well furnished hotise-
keeping rooms, $7 to $12.
STKINER. 603—3 sunny rooms; furnished for
housekeeping, or rooms and board.
STEVENSON, 403, cor. Fifth— Nicely furnished
hkpg. rooms, complete, cheap; newly tinted.
I THIRD, 251 — Nice sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent $2 week; also single rooms.
VALENCIA. 223—2 large unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; large closet and running
water; cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
| A— SUTTER, 717, 831— Furnished beautifully";
very choice; reasonable; appreciated if seen.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant I
cunny rooms en suite or single; llrst-clu.ss
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT Hotel Francisco, Turk and Taylor sts. —
Homelike house; modern service; elevator;
bath: rooms. 50c to $160 day. MRS. J. KING.
J AT 16 Stockton st., "The Pup"— Nicely lur-
nlKiif-d rooms for gentlemen.
BRYANT. 4S7H. near Third— Double front sun-
ny room; suitable for gentlemen.
CARROLTON, 1206 Market— Sunny corner fur-
! nlphed and unfurnished rooms and offices.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
i furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EIGHTEENTH, 4621, above Castro— let. by
elderly widow, a little furnished sunny room
for $3 per month, with board If desired.
ELLIS, 595— Fine suite, $18; large room, $12;
single, $6. ( ,-?■/•■'
FELL. 26, near Market— Two rooms, running
j water; suitable for gentlemen; reasonable.
j FOLSOM, 756— Furnished sunny rooms, $1 per
week; also light housekeeping. •
GOLDEN GATE, 727— Handsomely furnished
sunny front room; running water; private
family; reasonable. "' -i.Tj--
i GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. corner Seventh and
■* ; Mission— Pleasant: sunny: rooms, en suite and
I single; elevator; moderate rates; families. |
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week. __
HOWARD 829—2 nice housekeeping rooms. $10:
also front room with piano. $12; others cheap.
HOWARD, 1052— Nice sunny bay-window front
parlor; also back parlor; cheap.
HOWARD, 1072—4 sunny rooms and bath.
JESSIE, 812, near Ninth— A large sunny front
room; nicely furnished. .
K EARN Y, 425—2 connecting room, with piano,
cheap; also single rooms.
LEAVENWORTH, MO— A nice sunny furnished
room in private family, $6 a month.
MARKET, 1035— Front suite. first or. second
floor; also light housekeeping rooms.
MASON. 225— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, single and double; transient.
MINNA, 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 92D&— Handsomely furnished sunny
bay-window room; front; first flat; also
housekeeping.
MISSION, 1221— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room, $S; single rooms, $4 and $6.
MISSION, 3406%, near Thirtieth— Nice sunny
front bay-window furnished room.
NATOMA. 446 Mr —1 large and one small sunny
front room furnished.
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; electric lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL, 322 — Nicely furnished sunny
double room, $10; single, $4 up. -j
O'FARRELL, 53S— $15: lower floor of three nice
rooms; large basement and bath.
O'FARRELL, 639— Sunny pleasant homelike
rooms In modern house. r"_ _
POLK. 607— Furnished sunny rooms; running
water; cheap.
POWELL. 15. adjoining the Columbia Theater—
Well-furnished qiJ'et rooms; day, wk. or mo.
POWELL, 17— Large handsomely fitted back
and one front: double rooms; rent cheap.
PROSPECT place. 123, off California, Stockton.
Powell; large room, folding bed, $6 to $S; |
private; German.^ j
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis si.— lncandescent 1
light: reading room, smoking room and
ladles' parlor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;
week. $2 to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on
office floor; rooms with hot. cold wat.; baths.
SEVENTH, 230 A, near Howard— 3 "newly fur-
nished sunny front rooms, $6. $8 and $10 mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
STOCKTON 317— Sunny furnished rooms; gas;
bath; telephone; central; very reas.; $6 up.
SUMNER, 2%. off Howard, near Eighth— Fur-
nished front room; private family.
BUTTER, 715— Sunny furnished or unfurnished;
all conveniences; private family; gentlemen
only. . .
THE Oak:; 119 Third— A good rooming house
for good people. R. HUGHES. Proprietor.
THE WALDORF, 24 Filth, St.. near Market-
Select rooming house; telephone Mint 1792.
TURK, 39— Nicely furnished sunny bay-win-
dow rooms, single and double; transient.
TWENTY-FIFTH, 3829V»— 4 rooms, unfur-
nished; large yard; sunny cottage.
UNION, 817— Furnished parlors and rooms to
let.
VAN NESS aye., 944. corner O'Farrell— Very
desirable 3-room parlor suite, suitable for
housekeeping, doctor or dentist.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
AT 415 First St.— Nicely furnished rooms, with
board, $4 a week up: Swedish home.
BARTLETT, 102, corner— Sunny front bay-
window room, running water, with board;
reasonable.
HOTEL VICTORIA, cor. Hyde and California
— Large sunny suite, with board; reasonable;
home cooking.
LEAVENWORTH, 219— Sunny single and dou-
ble room: extra table board.
O'FARRELL 540— Neatly fur. double rm., with
board, $20 mo. ; without, $7 mo.; French fain.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant sunny rooms; good
home cooking; single. $25; double, $20.
POWELL, 309 (Hotel Waldorf), facing Union
sq.— Furnished suites and single rooms; in
business locality for table boarders.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
! WANTED— To board 1 or 2 children or baby In
I a nice country home; mother's care. Address
MRS. C. SHIVERS. -Antioch. Cal.
CHILD to board by woman of experience; best
references. Box 1634, Call office. •;
GOOD home for children; $8 and $10 per month.
; 560 Geary st.
GOOD home for children, $8; Infants, $10 per
mo. 210 Lexington aye.. near Nineteenth st.
RESTAURANTS.
WESTERFELDT'S Restaurant, coffee and Ice
cream parlor. 1035 Market st.: popular prices.
STORES TO LET.
NEW stores, with 2 living rooms, on Seventh
st. near new Postofflce. By JOHN PFORR,
I 403 Pine st.
CHEAP stores at 335 Noe St., near Market, for
shoemaker, tailor, etc.
' STORE to lease — First-class location for cigar
1 stand: corner Market. California and Drumm
sts. MADISON & BURKE. 628 Market st.
STORE, 648 Fourth st.. an old-established res-
taurant; rent very cheap. Apply MADISON
& BURKE.
STORE; 5 rooms: stable; good for plumber,
painter or laundry. 112 San Jose aye.; $10.
TO let— Part of store; alterations to be made
by tenant. Inquire 5 Taylor st.
1-ULCIiIONAL.
ENGINEERING School. civil'^nd~^nl^TngTas^
Buying, blowpipe anal., chemistry, geol., min-
eralogy, surveying, math., cyanide method.
ELECTRICAL— and practice, con-
struction, mechanical drawing, mathematics,
BUSINESS — Bookkeeping, business practice,
shorthand, typing, languages, English; 24
teachers, day and evening; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post st.
AYRES' Business College. 723 Market st. ;
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy,
penmanship, English branches, etc.; life
scholarship, $50; low rates per week and mo.
MERCANTILE College, room 60, Flood build-
ing. S. H. TARR. Principal; pupils fitted
for all office work; course in bookkeeping:
rapid calculations unequaled; short time.
ACCOUNTANTS and reporters as teachers;
Ellis system; sunny rooms; low rates; day. !
even. San Francisco Bus. College, 1236 Mkt. '
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archl.; day & eve.;
I est. lf-64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
! LAW Schools. 927 Market. S. F., and 905 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night: correspondence.
PRIVATE academy of dancing; waltzing a
specialty. MISS JEAN HUDDY. 6A Hjde.
I "EXPANSION" the order at DURHAM'S Bus-
iness College. 305 Larkin st.. opp. City Hall.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash., May IS, 1899— Sealed proposals. In trip-
licate, will be received here until 11 a. m.,
May 31, 1599, and then opened, for the con-
struction of the following buildings at Fort
Stevens, Oregon: 2 barracks, 3 double sets of
officers' quarters, administration building, Q.
M. stable, N. C. O. quarters, bakehouse, hos-
pital, hospital steward's quarters, workshop,
Q M and subsistence storehouse. Information
furnished at this office. U. S. reserves right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Envelopes containing proposals
should be marked: "Proposals for Construc-
tion of Buildings at Fort Stevens, Oregon,"
and addressed to undersigned. J. W. JACOBS,
C. Q. M. Date of opening proposals extended
to June 15, 1899.
PROPOSALS. ~~*~ ~~~ ~
STATE PRISON SUPPLIES
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received at
the office of the Clerk at State Prison, SAN
QUENTIN. until 10:80 a. m. SATURDAY.
10TH DAY OF JUNE, 1899,
And at the office of the Clerk at State Prison,
FOLSOM. until 9:30 a. m. SATURDAY,
17TH DAY OF JUNE. 1899,
At which times and places they, will be
opened in presence of bidders, for furnishing
and delivering supplies for said prisons, con-
sisting of subsistence- stores, forage, fuel,,
clothing, medicines, lime, cement and other
staple supplies, from July 1. 1899, to June to,
1900, inclusive, on conditions as per printed
schedule, which will be furnished upon ap-
plication at either of the above offices. ■. ;
No bid will be considered unless made upon
said schedules, nor unless accompanied by
the certified check therein required, nor from
any other parties than bona fide dealers in
the classes of articles to be furnished. Each
bidder must accompany his bid with a certi-
fied check upon some well-known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount, payable to R. ■M. Fitz-
gerald. President of the Board, of his bid,
conditioned that the bidder will enter into a
contract ' upon notice of acceptance as . re-
quired by law.
Bids for either prison must be marked sepa-
rately. All payments made on contracts will
be paid In cash or Controller's warrants.
Bidders will carefully follow the conditions
of the schedules. : • -
• The Board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids as the- public Interest may. re-
quire, and to order any quantity over or under
amount specified.
R. M. FITZGERALD. President.
I J. V. ELLIS. Clerk.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AUCTION OF INVESTMENT,
RESIDENCE AND UNIMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
AT SALESROOM. 14 MONTGOMERY ST..
MONDAY. JUNK VI. 1899,
AT 12 O'CLOCK N< ON.
EXECUTOR'S SALE.
1558-1590 Fulton St.. N. line, 50 feet E. of
Lyon st., 2 modern flats -of fi and T rooms, bath,
brick foundation, etc.; rents $47 50 per month;
25x100; subject to confirmation by court.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1030 Mission st., NW. linp, 350 feel SW. of
Sixth st.; bay-window house of 9 rooms and
bath, brick foundation, etc. ; lot 25x85. •
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF P. BERWIN (DE-
CK ASED).
1320 Golden Gate aye., N. line, 137:6 feet E. of
Steiner; elegant residence, with large grounds,
garden, lawn, etc.; lot 65:9x137:6.
BUSINESS AND RESIDENCE PROPERTY.
2720 Mission St., W. line, 116:9 feet S. of
Twenty-third; elegant cottage of 7 rooms and
bath, conservatory, etc.; lot 100x250 to Hartlett
st. ; to be sold in subdivisions.
TRUSTEE SALE.
3771 Twentieth St.. B. line 155 feet E. of Do-
lores; 2 flats 4 and 6 rooms, bath, brick foun-
dation, etc.; rents $2S per month; 25x114.
TRUSTEE PALE.
218 Chattanooga St.. W. line 200 feet S. of
Twenty-third; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms, bath,
brick foundation, etc.; rents $32 per month;
25x175.
CHOICE BUSINESS CORNER.
SE. corner Haight and Scott sts., 3 stores of
4 rooms each, with cement basements and 6
modern flats of 6 and 7 rooms' and bath each;
cement sidewalks; both streets accepted; renta
$212 50 per month; fiS:9x72:ti.
mission CdTTAGE.
20 Diamond st., W. line 174 feet S. of Seven-
teenth; new modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, nicely finished, brick foundation, etc.;
24:10x125; mortgage of $1200 at 6'i per cent can
remain.
MISSION COTTAGES.
1523. 1525 and 1527 Sanchez St.. E. line 26:6
fe»t S..of Valley St., 3 cottages of 5 rooms iir.<i
bath each, large basement; rents $13 each; as
a whole or separately.
MUST BE SOLD.
329 Noe st., E. line 140:9 feet B. of Sixteenth:
flat of 5 rooms and bath and lower portion used
as a blacksmith shop: 25x100.
PACIFIC ST. INVESTMENT.
1417-1419 Pacific St., S. line 157:6 feet W. of
Hyde Ft., 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms, bath; rents
$26 per month; 20x73.
SOUTH SIDE INVESTMENT.
656 Jessie St.. NW. line 500 feet SW. of Sev-
enth; front and rear house of 5 and 6 roums;
rents $17 per month ; 25x75.
TO CLOSE ESTATE OF P. BERWIN iDE-
CE \SED).
Howard st.. E. line 225 feet S. of Seven-
teenth; 24x114.
CHOICE BI'ILDING LOT.
Bush st. S. line 50 feet E. of Kaker; lot
25x87:6.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
135l)-5fi-60 Webster St., E. line 25 feet S. of
O'Farrell; 3 bay-window fiats of 6, 6 and 7
rooms, bath, brick foundation, rents $60; 25x90;
mortgage of $4wu at 6 l 2 per cent can remain.
For further particulars apply at our office.
G. H. OMBBEN & CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
REDUCED TO $8500.
A fine buy in the wholesale commission dis-
trict; a brick buildine on lot 22x45:10, renting
for $70 monthly; good tenants.
FOLSOM-STREET FLATS.
Two flats of 8 and 7 rooms on Folsom st.,
near Twenty-second; large lot 45xllS:ti, reduced
to $6250.
RENTS $38— PRICE $3000.
Six flats south of Market st.; lot 25x100; all
rented; property must be sold.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
New fine 8-room residence: commanding ma-
tine view; large lot; price $.8500.
VERY CHEAP.
Lots on Oak St., opposite panhandle; $100 per
front foot.
MISSION LOTS.
Five cheap lots on Oakwood st., near Guer-
rero; $KKIO each: offer wanted.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
Seven-room house on Steiner St., near O'Far-
rell; lot 22:6x137:6; price $4500.
A BARGAIN.
Lot on Fourteenth St., near Market; 26x115.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF
ALAMO SQUARE LOTS.
PARK PANHANDLE LOTS,
PACIFIC HEIGHTS U ITS,
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOTS.
MCAFEE BROS . McAFEERROS.,
108 Montgomery St.. San Francisco.
$875 — FOR sale cheap on account of removal
from city, a new house and lot; lumber first-
class; brick foundation; ,1 Large rooms; targe
basement can be altered to living rooms;
laundry; beautiful location; protected from
the wind; 1 block from San Bruno Electric
Road; a mortgage of $>»! can be transferred
if desired; also furniture for sale cheap; lots
in vicinity worth $350 to M6O. Further Infor-
mation by GEORGE RYAN, at grocery, cor.
Twenty-eighth and Alabama st- , 8. K.
IF your property is mortgaged and you need
more money see H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
GENUINE bargain; (1800; easy payments; hard
finished house, s rooms and porcelain bath;
large line chicken houses, stables arid garden;
75x100; high fence and large trees: must be
sold quick; two blocks off Kentucky-st. elec-
tric car; this is not an old rattletrap place.
J. J. EVANS, real estate agent. 630 Market.
IF your property is mortgaged end you ne*d
more money see H. MURPHY, «30 Market st.
$3000 CASH— Reduced from $4500; 50-foot lot;
northwest corner of Twenty-third and Dolores
sts. ; 2-story building, store and flat; a big
buy; will sell at above figure if Bold within
10 days. GEORGE B. M. GRAY, owner, 454
Ninth St.. Oakland.
MUST be sold; good business property of three
stores and two houses renting for about $150
a month under lease, lot 10x80 feet, two
frontages. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st.
$2500— NEW' modern C-room cottage, with all
the latest conveniences; $400 cash, balance $25
monthly; lot 25x125; near corner Twentieth
and Castro sts. F. NELSON, Builder.
IF your property Is mortgaged and you need
more money ccc H. MURPHY. 630 Market st.
$3000— Northwest corner Twenty-third and Do-
lores sts. ; 50x57: 2-story building; worth $4500.
G. B. M. GRAY, Owner, 454 Ninth st., Oak-
land.
WANTED—
Cheap lots near car lines anywhere in San
Francisco. J. J. EVANS, Real Estate Agent,
630 Market st.
IF you have lots north of Golden Gate Park.
west of First avenue, and you wish to sell
them, call on W. J. GUNN. 110 Montgomery.
$1700— IN warm belt of Mission: house of 5
rooms and bath: lot 51x114. GEO. W. H.
PATTERSON CO., 1706 Market St.
LOT 25x80; 10-room house; street work com-
plete; sacrifice; must sell next week. Sec
OWNER. 247 Turk st.
4-ROOMED hous.-; lot 86x100; $600. 63 East
Park st.. Holly Park: Mission cars.
COUNTRY RI4AL KSTATE.
A— 13950; 60 VCRE grain and fruit ranch; only
40 miles from San Francisco; new town; rail-
roi.d and boat landing: M acres grain and
fruit; good barn, but old house: sold for face
of mortgage: place actually worth $45iiO. Ap-
ply A. M. SPECK A CO.. 667 Market St.
I FOR sale, cheap— Charming summer residence
and large grounds on Cowichan Lake, Van-
couver and: unexcelled salmot and trout
fishing and hunting; owner lraving country.
Apply to JAS. ROBERTSON. Duncans. Van-
couver Island.
NEW rich land near city; small and large
tracts; ?150 acres sold to 120 families; 7500
acres left. For particulars of Immense crops
raised in dry season of 1897-98 address THE
COC ■ n? Calif >rnla st S. F.
EXCHANGE, cash or land, my home, S-room
house, barn, etc.; 3 acres; Glorlett.i, 8 miles
from Oakland; offer; owner leaving; cost
$1800. ('APT. A. JENKINS. North Temescal.
FRUIT, grain and stock farms
W. D. HOLCOM & CO., M M-.rf. -.Try «t
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States postpaid, for ?1 per year.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
FOR exchange; $4000; Alameda house for
ranch; $2500. Alameda residence and other
property for ranch: $3500, Alameda renide-i, c
for city home. German-American. 34 Kearny.
CITY property, best location on California St.,
to exchange for a good house in Alameda.
B. A., box 141, Call office.
STORAGE.
CALA. Storage Warehouse, F. SMITH, prop.,
722 Mission; goods guaranteed; tel. Clay 25.
PIERCE & TAYLOR, packing and storage of
furn. & H. H. goods. 735 Mkt.. tel. Black 311.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office, 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 3711
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OS BROADWAY.
OAKUM) KKAI. K.sl'Al'K.
$90 UPWARD: $5 cash, $5 month!-' choice level
lots, revised map Galindo Tract: nothing to
compare to these for double the money; grand
view; fine soil: in tropical Fruitvale. adjoin-
ing East Oakland; no fogs nor cold winds;
streets all graded; some macadamized; city
water and sewer and near a fine 3-story
schoolhouse and 3 lines of electric cars; nice
homes surrounding; build your home or we
will build for you; payment as .w rental.
Call or send for circular, 435 Seventh st. and
Broadway station. Oakland: carriage free;
Westall Tract, lots $39 upward; terms to
suit; Allendal,? Tract, lots $75 upward: terms
to suit; Gallndo Tract, lots $90 upward; terms
to suit. H. Z>. JONES, owner.
$850— NEW house. 6 rooms; lot 30x100; fine lo-
cation; must sell quick; other bargains. E.
E. RUM 'I-:. 90S Broadway, Oakland.
TELEGRAPH aye.: elegant lot: 50x160; taken
in under foreclosure; will be sold for $22 per
front foot.
Corner on Grove St.; 50x90; cost $750; will be
sold for $10 per foot.
$700— Two-story house of 7 rooms; best buy
for the money in West Oakland.
Headquarters for bargains.
JAS. S. NAISMXTH.
464 Ninth st . Oakland; Tel. White M 2.
ELEGANTLY furnished house of 12 rooms,
laundry, bath, etc.; very centrally located:
within a few minutes' walk to local train;
will lease for 1 year: $100 per month. GEO.
B. M. GRAY. 454 Ninth St., Oakland.
$500— HOUSE of 7 rooms: lot 2.*x100: Cypress
St., near Seventh. W. P. RYAN. 960 Seventh
St.. Oakland
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES
HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; all modern Im-
provements; furnished or unfurnished; fur-
nished preferred. 1271 Eighth aye., East
Oakland.
OAKLAND FtK.MTim.t-; KUH MALI 3.
' AN Introduction to you from H. 6chellhaas. th»
furniture <Mln nth rrnrt Tr r ,«i,i'. Onk'n-M.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
."Vlyil Jl lii.l /ill I.IV 1 i. I.i .11 1.. .> I kj*
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOME for ladies In delicate health; large
grounds: rrlvat" MRS. FUNKK 141(5 sth «t.
FRIITVALK REAL ESTATE.
I FOR sale or exchange for modern house, an
acre lot In residence portion of Fruitvale.
i 207 Eighth St.. Oakland.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
' SPLENDID residence lot near university; bar-
| gain for cash. Address box 536. Call office.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
BORN.
; GLAHN— In this city. June 4. 1899, to the wife
of George yon Glahn, a son.
: HACKMEIER— In this city, June 3. 1899, to the
! wife of Willie Hackmeier, a daughter.
j SMITH— In this city, June 3, 1899, to the wife
| of Fred M. Smith, a son.
WESTPHAL— In Golden Gate station, Oakland,
May 20, 1599, to the wife of George Whestphal,
a son.
DIED.
- Cella, Ferdinando J. Murray, Bridget
Donnells. Mabel ] Ceding, Louise J.
Drlffield. William B. ! Schoenfeld. Pauline
Ellsworth. Johanna | Smith (infant)
Gartelmann, Henry Thomas. B. G. Jr.
Luhr. John E. Walters, John Jacob
Kent, Edwin Weilheimer. 8.
Muck, Philip White. Jane E.
Murdoch. William A. Wyntjens, Ellanore
| CELLA— In this city, June 4, 1899, Ferdinando
J.. beloved son of Lucca and Augustina Cella,
brother of Mrs M. Panario, Mrs C. H. Ben-
nett, Mrs. H. A. Deckelman, Anita. Eleanor
and William Cella. a native of San Francisco,
aged 34 years 5 months and 25 days.
ICT'The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), June 6, at 8:30 o'clock, from the
residence of his sister, Mrs. H. A. Deckelman,
241 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a requiem mass will he cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONNELS— In Reno. New, June 4. 1899, Mabel,
dearly beloved daughter of Albert T. and
Christina Donnels. a native of San Francisco,
Cal.. aged 8 years 1 month and 7 days.
i DRIFFIELD— In Oakland, June 2. 1899, William
!'.., husband of Marie Driffieid, a native of
Yorkshire. England.
ELLSWORTH— In this city, June 4. 1S!)9. Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of Charles E. Ellsworth,
and mother of Lillian and Adelaide Ells-
worth, a native of Ireland. (Newport, R. 1.,
papers please copy.
(£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 130S Jackson street. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery.
GARTELMANN— In this city. June 3. 1899,
Henry, beloved father of Mrs. E. Rohde, Mrs.
M. Hink and Herman Gartelmann and the
late J. Gartelman. and brother-in-law of F..
J. R. and H. .H. Fischbeck. a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 60 years 2 months
ami 27 days. A member of Hannoveraner
Vereln. Norddeutscher Vereln and San Fran-
cisco Lodge No. 1. O. d. H. S.
IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), June 6, 1899, at 2 o'clock, from his
late residence. 510 Grove street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
| LX'HR— In Oakland, June 4. 1899. Rev. John E..
beloved husband of Anna Luhr. a native of
Minnesota, aged 37 years 7 months and 14
days.
, KENT— In this city, June 4. 1899. Edwin Kent,
- a native of England, aged 76 years.
MUCK— In this city. June 3. 1899, Philip Muck,
beloved son of Philip and Lene Muck, and
brother of Emille and Adelheid Muck, a -na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 9 years 4 months
\ and 12 days.
MURDOCH— In Ukiah. June 4. 1899. William A.
Murdoch, a native of Lake County, Cal., aged
20 years 10 months and 4 days.
j MURRAY— In Vallejo, June 3, 1899, Mrs. Brid-
get Murray, beloved wife of the late Anthony
Murray, mother of Mrs. J. T. Ryan, sister of
Mrs. Robert Gore and the late John Gore and
Maurice Sheahan, and aunt of Annie and
Phllomena Sheahan. a native of Limerick,
Ireland, aged 65 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from St. Vincent's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul. In-
terment St. Vincent's Cemetery.
; OEDING— In this city. June 4. 1899, Louise J.,
beloved wife at W. F. Oedlng, and daughter
-of Mrs. Lizzie Boggs and the late Dan Mc-
Caw, and sister of Sadie and Daniel and the
late Edward McCaw. a native of Alameda
County, Cal., aged 28 years 1 month and 25
days.
K^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late res-
! ideriee, 3821 Nineteenth street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery by 11:40 o'clock train from
j Valencia-street station.
SCHOENFELD— In this city, June 4, 1899, Pau-
line, wife of the late Ernest Schoenfeld. and
mother of Abe, Leon. Joseph. Gustav and
Milton Schoenfeld and sister of Herman
Ebers, a native of Colmar. Germany, aged 56
years.
[^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 305 Octavta street. Interment New Sa-
lem Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train from Third
and Townsend streets.
SMITH— In this city. June 3, 1899, Infant son
of Fred M. and Josephine Smith, a native
. of San Francisco, aged 1 day.
THOMAS— In this city, June 4. 1899, Beverly
George Jr.. eldest son of Beverly G. and Ellie
Rand Thomas, a native of El Paso, Texas,
aged 12 years 8 months and 13 days.
ICTFuneral services at Chase! of Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, this day (Monday), at 12
o'clock.
WALTERS— In this city. June 4, 1899, John Ja-
cob Walters, beloved husband of Laura Belle
Walters, and father of Herbert J., Harry E.,
Charles W., George C. and Alfred J. Walters,
a native of New York, aged 50 years 10 and
months. (San Jose papers please copy.)
WEILHEIMER— In Mountain View. June 4,
1899, Selicman. beloved husband of Sophia
Weilheimer. and father of Mrs. Celia Marks.
Aaron. Julius. Henry and Ham Weilheimer,
and brother of Mrs. B. Herringhl and of the
late Samuel Weilheimer, a native of Germany,
aged 73 years 2 months and 19 days.
[£7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, from the family res-
idence at Mountain View, Cal. Friends desir-
ing to attend the funeral services will take
| the 9 o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery.
WHITE— In Oakland. June 4. 1599. Jane E.
White, mother of Mrs. Annie E. Gale, a na-
tive of South Carolina, aged 83 years 5 months
and 24 days. \
WYNTJENS— In this city. June 4. 1599, Ella-
nore. beloved wife of Louis Wyntjens, daugh-
ter of Mrs. F. J. Wilson, and sister of Mrs.
Lottie French anil Frank E. Wilson, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 32 years 1 month
and 9 days.
in^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), June 6, at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, 31 Eleventh street, between Mis-
sion and Market. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO..
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMEALUSBa,
•0 Fifth ct.. opposite Lincoln School
Ttl*i ;hon» South Mi
AIcAVOY «fc CO., 9
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. I
1235 Market st, between Sth and 3th. 1
Telephone. South 247. • |
910
HANDS OF BOODLERS ARE TIED
AND THE PUBLIC WILL HAVE AN INNING
VACATIONS FOR TWELVE
An Unwelcome Rest
for the City
Fathers
It Will Force the Gas
Company to Gome
to Terms.
THERE has been an unexpected 'jrn
he affairs of the Supervisors;
thej are all looking forward to pn
■ l \ acations, and the railn nd
and the eras company are corre
spondingly disturbed.
When the question of franchises for the
Railway < 'ompany beg
Berious The <';ili pointed out that 19
■ resort the Mayor had power, bj re
fusing to call a meeting of the board, to
ist prevent harm from being do-ie.
Without a id • •• ■t i 1 1 1^ ther mid i ■•• no
Ises passed, and it would be possi
lelay the workings of the board
public s. in lm< ■■■■ could b( n used :o
tlon of what \\.is being done.
■ , however, the need for such a
ding has passed. One man supposed
. who would grnnt
• ver the railroad chose in ask de
: himself in open opposition to the
id's schem< s and yesterday another.
Supervisor Aigeltinger, declared he would
under no circumstances vote upon the
ehises until the charges of bribery
cleared up. The declaration nf
Kalben was sufficient to tie up the board
n uf franchises, and there
was no need to hinder the city's business
with that as an excuse so It created
irprise when It was announced -
■ Mayor, a fter a con
tion with the members of the old
minority, had decided not toucan a meet
oard.
This decision had no ref< ren< •• to the
franchises, although at first It was be-
I the minority was going to tak<
■ was a question of gas rates,
and the means which would have tied up
the franchises i used to do the
same office by the gas rates. The board
will not meet to pass upon the rates and
bo the rates will hang on until the close
al year. At the expiration of
the balance In the street
lighting fin!'! will revert to the general
fund mpany will be that
mucl ■ meantime It is
willing tn make terms. It seems to be a
lion of make terms or lose rates, ami
the board will not be called together
this fiscal year until the gas com
: ■ • hearfl from.
the beginning of June the city owed
is i ompanj {189.000; that was by the
gas company's figures, however, and
based on a rate of $1 60. By the end of
June this amount would have i a much
While the board considered
■■.' rate ol $1 10 ilrst fixed by the
- was a legal one. still the
rity is now willing to make such con
ma as will make the rate practically
The gas company can take that or
t, and in taking it the company will
I :he legal rate for all con-
Buimrs
- an Issue between the board and the
].. . bui it includes the rates for all
consumers, and if th.- city wins it will
for the year at least all further
n 'ii" gas account.
The power of the Mayor Is derived from
■ in • lie consolidation act which
says that "th< Supervisors shall meet
i after each annual elec
tion and also on the tirst Monday of Jan
uary, April. July and October of each
year, and al su**h other times as specially
required b; law; or they may for urgent
reasons be specially convoked by the
r ! Ice Board of Supervisor- "
'I Ins la: a upon the Maj or the duty t'
calling all the weekly meetings except
;■"■.! in th- act . and if he refuse
te .al! such weekly meeting the board
must wan hi.-. jij.;i- ure
Tin- members of iii.- majority are non
■i at tin- stat- of affairs. They do
d bad over the franchises thej
vet.- lost anyway, bui thej did want to
vote through those gas bills. Kalben,
who came out with ihe opponents of the
hises. declared be would vote for
Is i- figured by the company
find tin- others who favored the railroad
franchises were a unit on the subject or
would have p.:ss.-d th,'. hills
and they are Borrowing over the lost od
n i t y .
■ Is another complication which
may cans.- the Supervisors' vacation to
■ : :> little short. There at.- score- ,jf
inding bills against th.- city which
nm-t i,.- p.-^sed upon and ordered paid
and unless ibis b done they will go over
into the nexi year with the gas bills and
■r set of tip- city's creditors will be
g for their money, b'or this r.-as. -n
it is more than probable that the board
win ! . . ailed together in the last days
ne, :.::■! t!i.- bills will then be taken
v,. and considered. The merchants' bills
wMI be passed ami ordered paid; ii may
be that the gas company's bills wiil
be passed at the inflated figure, but these
th- Mayor will ■-<.. and the board cannot
act or, the veto until It .shall have been
called together again. It will not be
call.-.l until tb- old fiscal year baa passed
into history, and then the gas company
will have to seek the courts, it will start
with tii. Mayoi h veto, ;■, position rather
more awkward than it cares to hold.
There is some speculation as to
whether or not the majority will try to
.: meeting during the coming week
The Mayor's attorneys unu < 'lerk Russell
that anj meeting they might call
would be illegal, and they do not fear
any such action. The board has no power
to fix the time of its meetings as is
shown by the section of the consolidation
act quoted, and the only one who can
(all special meting.- is the Mayor. H,- j s
not bound to recognize the requests of
the majority, and they cannot fore- his
action; neither can they legally secure a
meeting th< mselves.
Members of the supervisorial minority
are not inclined to talk about the under
standing among themselves and the
Mayor reached at t h.-ir Saturday caucus
but their programme can b.' credibly
- conceded Hint :it the flral meeting
it th<- board the gax company's bills,
amounting now to about (189,000, will be
passed by the majority. Supervisor Kai
ben openly declare* himself In Cavor of
their approval. If passed the resolution
authorizing payment will i>.- vetoed i>y
the Mayor. The veto would require a
;-rT<iiwi meeting for its consideration. Of
course there would nut be a two-thirds
majority t<> override the veto ami it
would stand.
Now. ii has l»'<-n figured out in some
w»' IV Mayor Phelan and his legal
Bharps that at this point the gas company
would reach an advantage. This advan
tage would arise concerning the possible
and threatened transfer of funris from
Tli.' street light fund to the general fund.
Su< h a transfer fan be made only at the
• ml of tli.' fiscal year and could not bo
made at n meeting held to-day. If the
Btreet light fund in which lies the money
for >;as lulls Is thus depleted the }^<s com
pany may whistle long for Its money. If
BUCh a transfer of funds were proposed
after the passage of the bills by the ma
iority and their veto by the Mayor, the
company would be in a position to ask
the courts for an injunction restraining
THE SUPERVISORIAL SITUATION.
MAYOR PHELAN and the minority members of ths Board of
Supervisors have begun a campaign to force the gas com
pany to establish a rate of SI 35 a thousand feet and to sac
rifice a material part of the money which the company claims
from the city. Mnyoi Phelan does not intend to call a meeting of
the Supervisors until the gas company comes to terms. Under the
law the Mayor need not call a meeting of the Supervisors until the
first Monday in July. That interesting fact was established when
the Market-street Railway Company was attempting to consum
mate its gigantic theft of streets and franchises.
Mayor Phelan will now use his power to force the gas com
pany to terms and prevent the long litigation which inevitably
must result from the present controversy. The Mayor and his mi
nority supporters understand perfectly that the menace of the rail
road has been destroyed. The gps company has fought, however,
with as much bitterness and with something more of success than
the railroad. The Mayor and his ailies intend, therefore, to tuin
their attention to this corporation.
At a meeting held on Saturday these officials decided to maka
a definite offer of compromise to the gas company, which has a
claim of $189,000 against the city and demands a current rate cf
$1 60 for gas. The Mayor and the minority Supervisors will insist
that th? gas company scale $50,000 from its claim against the
city and accept a rate of $1 35 for all future demands, not only to
the municipality, but to all private consumers If the corporation
c it must sacrifice the $189,000
which it claims from the city and take its chances of victory in
th<* contest which is now on. The Mayor seems to have the whip
hand, as he need not call a meeting of the Board of Supervisors un
til after it is too late to pay the gas bills r.s provided by law.
such transfer. If no gas Mils are ap
proved an Injunction against such r>
transfer would not lie. Such, at least.
is the way the situation appears to the
minority. This explains the whiphand
they feel they have and the reason for
delaying a meeting. To maintain the
legal effect of such a situation it is not
necessary. it is contended, to delay a ,
meeting until July. It a meeting were
held a little after the 15th. inst. action on |
the Mayor's veto could not be had until
after the end of the fiscal year. The dan- t
ger of a transfer of the street light fund j
is a club with which; it is thought, the '
gas company can be Induced to compro
mise.
The pas company wants mainly a
chance to pet Into court since it is known
that the Mayor will not approve its bills.
Tt has, proposed to accept payment at the
$1 i" rate if the way is left open for it
t' sue the city for the rest. This is what
the minority propose to deny as far as
possible.
At the Saturday caucus it was agreed .
by Mayor Phelan and the minority that
the pas bills against the city, which will
be increased by 535.100 or so during June;
would be paid i!" 'he compunv accepted
the terms there improved. These were
that payment for all gas consumed
should lie paid for at the rate of
(136 a thousand feet Instead of the $1 flO
claimed by the company and the $1 10
asserted by the mlnoritv; that the rate I
for street lamps be out from 11 cents per
night to '.* cents, and that the electric
light bills be reduced 1!.". per cent. It is
estimated that these reductions would
i take about $50,000 off the J159.000 now
claimed. This Is the proposition now
ready for gas people, and on its ac
ceptance depends Mayor Phelan's call for
a meeting of the Board of Supervisors.
This 16 .-aid to be ihe ultimatum of the
"M and — the Mayor and the
i minority.
Supervisor Kalben stands boldly by the
pas company, though he has apparently ;
, fully left the majority on franchise propo- j
i s'.tions. He wants a meeting of the j
board, and will doubtless support any
: effort to force one. When asked yester- j
day his opinion of the proposed delay by !
the Mayor in calling a meeting, he said. j
"I am not in favor of delay a? all. and !
I don't see what is to be gained by it. j
' I believe the board ought to go right alone [
and attend to its work. There is a great
amount of routine business that ought to j
be done. Merchants' and other bills should !
I (>• paid: there will be petitions to act on i
and so forth, and If no meeting were held \
until July it would inconvenience many j
people and make them angry. There Is i
no danger of. franchises being passed j
Perhaps the minority is a little afraid of j
mi . but I don't think franchises are the i
■ reason. It looks to me like a scheme to J
: rob the pas company. I don't see any i
call for plundering a corporation. If no
meeting is called I propose to find out
this week what the reason really is."
Supervisor/ rrault declined to discuss
the situation at any length on the plea
that it was agreed at the caucus that the
proceedings and plan should not be dis
cussed. What he was willing to say was
this: "I cannot say definitely, but I think
there is a strong probability that there
will be no meeting of the Board of Super
visors this month. I don't think there is
any danger of any franchises being passed
ii a meeting were held, and that will not
bo the reason for any delay in calling ?
n.eeting. That was not what was dis
cussed at the caucus yesterday."
Supervisor Deasy last nipht admitted
that The Call's knowledge of the plans of
the minority was substantially com
plete.
"We are firm in our resolution." he
said, "to prevent the pending bills of th»
company from being paid .out of funds
i now in the treasury unless it will acceni
the compromise of a rate of $135. a re
duction of 2 cents on street lamps and i
reduction of 25 per cent on the city's
electric light bills. 1 am sure we will
agree to no other terms. The best thin*
the company can do is to accept our
terms. If it does not we may not meet
until July, the. light fund will be trans
ferred and then there will be a law suit..
Then we will be able to go into all the
details of the company's business, includ
ing the cost of the gas. its watered stock
and so on. I do not think they will care
to face that. If the company would ac
cept ire compromise there would be :t
meeting soon and its bills would be paid
We show that we are willing to meet
them half. way in a compromise. I cer
tainly am. I do not believe in confiscat
ing any corporation's property, but cor
porations should be forced to treat the
city right, and we have long been Having
too much for gas and water, I believe
V. X, to be a fair rate.
"I cannot Bay anything definite as to
the prospects of a meeting of the board.
The merchants' bills and other matters
should be attended to and probably will
be. There will be no meeting next' Mon
day or the Monday following. We are
doing and will do what We think to be
for the best interests of the city. While
I don't think that there is any danger of
any franchises being passed, we want to
keep on the safe side of that also. It
is a satisfaction to the minority to know
that we have all the respectable elements
of the city with us. ■ ■
"Then* is no danger of ' the majority
forcing a meeting. The Mayor's attor
neys have thoroughly investigated the
WELLS SAYS HE IS PLEDGED
FOR NO LICENSE COLLECTOR
AUDITOR WELLS was seen last night regarding his Intentions of
appointing a License Collector for the city and county of San Fran
rteco. Mr. Wells stated that his time was at present occur>i«d in the
settlement of city accounts, and that he had given but little considera
tion to applications for "at position. He declared himself unpledged,
in the following words:
I hope that by the last of this ■veek, certainly not later than next
to give the matter of License Collector appointment attention. For this
office lam pledged to the support of no man. and when the matter comes
up before the commission I shall, unless personally acquainted with the
candidate, take time to inform mynelr as to his qualification for the place.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. JUNE 5, 1899.
THE MISSION UP IN ARMS
question and decided that any meeting
they might bold without the board being
convoked by the Mayor would be illegal.
i 'l'-rk Russell takes the same view. I
don'; believe that any franchises what
ever should be granted until the new
charter, goes Into effect."
Supervisor Aigeltinger cares nothing
whether the board meets or not. He said
! last evening :
"1 will not vote upon any franchises
until these bribery charges' are cleared
up. I <-iin in favor of acting according to
the wishes of the Merchants' Association.
it will be remembered that that, was my
original proposition. 1 do not know
whether we will have a meeting to-mor
row or not, but if we do I am in favor
of only transacting such business as the
Interests of the city demand (but under
no cm umstances would I vote on the
franchise question. So far as I am per
sonally cone riled 1 don't care whether
we ever have another meeting of the
board. In view of the unjust abuse that
has b^-n heaped on me."
Supervisor Holland believes the board
should have been given a chance to pass
the gas bills.
"I am greatly surprised," he said. "U
: see the statement in the morning paper*
1 that bis Honor the Mayor and the minor
ity members of the Hoard of Supervisors
• have 'declared that there will be no meet
■ ing of the board until the 3d day of .It.ly.
; The business ol the city that should t>e
transacted In this month Is the most Im
portant of any month in the year. I think
. the differences between the majority and
the minority members of the board should
be adjusted and the affairs of the city
conducted In a businesslike manner.
"J think a great injustice has been don"
to thi members who constitute the ma
jority of the board by the statements that
have appeared In the morning papers In
reference to the franchises petitioned f. r
by the Market Street Railroad Company
When the franchises were referred to the
Street Committee the announcment was
made from the chair, and also through tho
press of th. city, that all persons Inter
should be oresent and express their
Or the flay and hour set for t>i«
meeting the committee room was crowd
ed to excess. Property owners, real i «
tate men. merchants and others wer •
present representing capital of over «V)
0. The list of franchises was taken
up separately. The only ones objecting
were those representing the Sutro estate
They disliked that portion of the road
that would run parallel with their line for
a short distance and through a private
street. There being no other objections
the committee did not think the parallel
question well taken, and reported in fav< r
ol nnnsafre to print
"The double track road at the Mission
was ob.ieeted to by several parties and at
the request of the protest&nts it was
laid over for one week for the purpose of
Inquiring further into the matter At the
following meeting of Ihe committee it
was decided to Indefinitely postpone
action. The above facts are matters of
record In the Poard of Supervisors The
b.-st information T can obtain is that un
der th< new charter a franchise will never
be sold for the reason that no t>erson will
purchase bonds en a twenty-five year
franchise and the percentage exacted bj
the charter. The franchises in question
are noi to he given to the Market Street
Railroad ' 'ompany. ,-is many supoose
but are advertised for nale and are to b.
sold to the highest bidder.
"tn reference to the ij H s bills. I believe
the board should pass them, and the
Mayor cm veto them: his veto would be
sustained, ft would then go to the courts
and be settled in a legal manner, which
I believe is the proper way."
Th» farr^tis eld JEFSK MOOoj; WHISKY In
recommended by physicians for family and
ireJtolnal upp because It Is pure.
CHINATOWN REEKING
WITH VICE AND SIN
Rev. W. E. Dugan, in a prelude to his
sermon at the Stewart Memorial Church,
Guerrero streets, last evening, spoke on
"Chinatown Iniquities." In part he said:
Fair San Francisco, what glorious things may
be said of thee; yet thou hast a Mack- spot in
the awful corruptions of Chinatown. The sink
holes of vice and maelstroms of, corruption In
this dark portion of the city are vile almost
beyond the Imagination of vicious devils There
arc In Chinatown about ISO Iron-Rated prisons,
where women and children are owned and con
trolled as so many cattle.
San KYanclsco in the only place on the face
of God's great earth where there Is an insti
tution every member of which must be the
owner of a house of 111 fame. Nor In Hong
kong, darkest India, Africa or China do we
find Such a vile firm organized for malicious
business, but San Francisco has-: added this
crimson blot to her "already bedraggled ban
ner of political crime and shame."
Can we expect prosperity and God's blessing
as long as this heathenism reigns in our midst?
The heathenism of the Filipino. In whose behalf
we are carrying on a great and expensive war,
is not to be compared to the heathenism of our
Chinatown. God speed the day when It Bhall
be wiped from the glorious sunset city.
Fifty thousand togs of oysters are con
sumed in Ivondon during the season.
Will Garry War Into
the Enemy's
Camp.
Plans Formed to Oust the
Southern Pacific
Usurper.
Citizens and property owners of th»»
Mission are no longer content to act on
the defensive- against the Southern Pa
cific and the Market Street Railway. They
have gathered the first fruits of organiza
tion in their recent victory over the "as
sociated villainies," and see the value of
an aggressivajjolicy. X<>i content to sit
Idly on the laurels won during the past
«■••*-!<. they now propose to carry the war
into the enemy's country and wrest from
'he usurpers the rights stolen from the
people.
Filled with this spirit and elated with
the consciousness of work well done in
their recent decisive preliminary skirmish
with the railroad and the "boodle seven." j
since disrupted, nearly 2<X) representatives ,
<>f the district met yesterday afternoon
;it Mangels Hall. Twenty-fourth ami '
Kolsuni streets, to hear the reports of .
their committees and decide upon plans
fur tin- campaign that will not end until
every public right invaded has been sur
rendered id tlie people.
The session was a lively olio, and be
fore it dosed the methods to lie pursued
in the onslaught against the grab-all
tendency of the Southern Pacific Com
pany had been fully determined. Having
defeated the attempt of the niilroad to
push through the "double track'" fran
chise, it was the sense of the members
present that the company's usurpation of
the right of way over the single track
steam line from Sixteenth street to
Twenty-fifth, should be brought to the
attention of the courts, with a view to
ousting the company. As a preliminary
step, a committee was appointed to pre- i
sent the petition to the Supervisors call- .
Ing upon their, to Instruct the District At- I
torney to take action necessary to oust
the company from its unlawful holding.
The meeting was called to order by T.
('.. Blevin. president of the Mission and
Potrero Improvement «'!ub. tinder the
auspices of Which organization it had
!,.-..i called. The minutes of the memor
able meeting of Sunday. May 2<. were
read and approved, and the following pre- j
amble and resolutions, submitted by A.
B. Magulre, were read and adopted:
Whereas, It Is quite evident from recent
events that th" Southern Pacific Company
is determined to hold fast its crip on the
present steam line route through the heart
of the city; and.
Whereas. The time has romp for the peo
ple to throw oft the patient submission that
has been extended toward the Southern
Pacific Company, and are resolved, from
now on to work strenuously for the removal
of the tracks from their present route ami
to force the completion of the hay shore
line or take steps for the forfeiture of said
allied franchise: and.
Whereas, The Merchant? Association wart
organized to advance the good and welfare
of the city; and.
Whereas. The time has now come for the
association to make the most decisive move,
together with the united Dress and the peo
ple, that has been presented to them since
the creation of the association: therefore •
Resolved, That we respectfully request
their hearty co-operation in our legitimate
efforts to rid the city of this nuisance to
our people and detriment to real estate in
our section of the city. He it further
Resolved, That a committee of ten citizens
i ■■ appointed with full power to act to wait
on the Board of Supervisors and board of
director" ■■' the Merchants' Association to
secure their assistance in our efforts to rid
the city of this terribl» nul«ance: to life, limb
and property: also to visit the several polit
ical conventions about to convene to secure
a plank In their respective platforms calling
for a removal at an early date of the steam
tracks from the residence portion of the
city.
A resolution Introduced by Gustave
Bchnee was adopted, congratulating
Mayor Phelan for the manner In which he
balked the majority of the Supervisors in
their efforts to alienate the rights of the
People; and also assuring the minority
ol the hoard of the gratitude of the people
of the Mission. A similar resolution
thanking the press oi the dty \v;is also
adopt< d.
I. Harrington nrnvd that a rnmmilifp
ni tiv^ be appointed to co-operate with a
similar committee appointed Saturday
evening by the Federated Mission lm
provenK-nt ciub to present a resolution to
the Hoard of Supervisors requesting that
body to order the District Attorney to
commence proceedings against me
Southern Pacific for the abatement of the
nuisance it maintained in the single
track road.
Secretary E. D. Sullivan counseled
moderation.
"And I." exclaimed Gustave Schnee.
"believe In radical measures. 1 believe we
should begin proceedings to abate this
nuisance. That is the only way you will
get the Southern Pacific rf) go around ny
the bay shore line. Leniency! There is
nothing in it. They don'l show you any.
In fact, I would suggest that thy people
go to work and tear up* the tracks over
the crossing!) right now. Radical
measures are the oniy things that will
bring the railroad to terms. You can't
expect to get anything out of Hunting
ton. Ask him a favor and he'll squeeze
you to the end."
The chair then named the committees
provided for as follows:
Committee of Ten— A. B. Maguire, Will
iam Watson. George ''enter. J. J. Clarke,
George Walcom, Gustave Schnee. R. I.
Coffey J. P. Tuohey, John Foppiana and
J. E. Behan.
Committee fif Five— P. Harrington. Max
Popper. E. I). Sullivan, Stephen Byrne
and George Center.
William Watson, a member of th<> com
mittee appointed by the Federated Mis
sion Clubs, was called upon to rehears'- a
conversation h" had had with Henry
Lynch of the Market Street Railway Com
pany in reference to the Southern Pa
cific's steam line through the Mission. He
said Lynch told him that the company
intended to hold its right of way there as
long as it lasted.
' "I asked him." continued Mr. Watson,
"why they didn't build the bay shore line
and he said the tunnels bothered them. I
told him that In the thirty-three years I
had been waiting for relief the company
had built to New Orleans, the whole
length of California, crossed Oregon and
gone into Washington, and it was mighty
strange that It could not build four miles
of road to the bay shore."
The meeting then adjourned subject to
the call of the chair.
A Brutal Husband.
A husband's brutality may cost Mrs.
Mary Ward, who resides at 139 Welch
street, her life. About two weeks ago
Mrs. Ward gave birth to a child. Yester
day afternoon her husband kicked her in
the stomach, seriously injuring her. She
was taken to the City and County Hos
pital, where the physicians pronounce her
case as very serious and as possibly fatal.
Early this morning the police and detect
ives were scouring the city for her cruel
assailant.
FANCY CHINAWARE DAT.
Some articles rut 60 per rent.
Some articles cut 50 per cent.
ODDS AND ENDS. HALF PRICE.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere.
EXPLODING OIL
SEVERELY BURNS
AUGUST POUCHOT
Heroic Prevention of
a Conflagration.
HIS FACE AND HANDS INJURED
VAINLY ENDEAVORS TO EXTIN
GUISH THE FLAMES.
With His Clothing Ablaze tde Brave
Man Throws the Burning Stove
Through an Opan
Window.
August Pouchot, floor-walker in San
born, Vail .v- Co.'a store on Mar
ket street, was severely burned about the
face and hands last evening- by the ex
plosion of a coal oil stove. The acci
dent happened at his home, .311 Octavia
street.
The unfortunate man's wife was pre
paring the evening meal when she dis
covered that the oil in the stove was
ablaze. She quickly summoned her hus
band, who attempted to extinguish the
flames . by throwing a blanket over the
stove. A few seconds later the explosion
occucfed. the burning oil enveloping
Poucnot and Betting fire to his clothing.
With rare presence of mind Pouchoi
picked up a heavy blanket which his wife
had provided and wrapped it around his
body. He then picked up the stove,
which was covered with burning oil, and
hurled it through an open window into
the street.
As the carpet had caught fire from the
burning oil. Mrs. Pour-hot, fearing that
the house was in danger of being de
stroyed, ran to the corner of Oak and
Oetavia streets, where she caused an
alarm to be sent in from box 83. The
Dearest engine quickly responded and
succeeding In extinguishing the flames
without much trouble.
Pouchot was at once taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where his burns were
dressed by Assistant Police Surgeon Tor
ney. The house where the explosion oc
curred is owned by K. Cohen. The dam
age to the house did not exceed $25.
Father Otis' Sermon.
Rev. Father Callanan was the celebrant
at the 10:30 mass in St. Mary's Church
yesterday morning. After mass there
was a procession of the Blessed Sacra
ment, Rev. Father Otis preached the
sermon in the morning. He took up the
text from the epistles of the day. the
words: "In this we have known the char
ity of God. because He hath laid down His
life for us. and we ought to lay down
our lives for the brethren." In substance
lie said:
The commandment of our blessed I^ord that
we should love one another as hr- has i.,ved us
is put before us very plainly in these words of
St. John; <mr lives are asked for as a proof
of our love. I*>w is the first, the Ki*at com
mandment, and the fuel that keeps the flame
alive In r hearts Is the deeds of charity
shown toward our fellowmen. As our love for
(iod increases, so does our love for man la
crease. The manifestation of love for our fel
lowraen is the standard b- which all truth is
measured nowadays. It attracts the attention
ami leads one to inquire What prompts such
sacrifices, it disarms criticism, cuts it in
twain, as the questioning of the priests and
Pharisees was t n rr-.'.i itsi.i^ by the plain state
ment of the man who had been blind, but was
healed by our Lord "Whether he tV a sinner
or no. I know not; but this I know, whereas,
1 was blind and now 1 Bee." The world at lari<e
may be unfamiliar with and slow to grasp
doctrines of faith, but It is keen and quick
In distinguishing between real, genuine char
ity and the sham virtue, the superficial pre
tended charity, so much practiced in our day—
the charity that causes the tongue to drop
HAS CHARGE OF THE
CHURCH OF THE ADVENT
The REV. HERBERT PARRISH, Who
Preached His First Sermon in a
New Field Yesterday.
REV. HERBERT PARRISH. who resigned from St. Mary's the Virgin
to accept the pastorate of the Church of the Advent, corner Eleventh
and Market streets, made vacant by the promotion of Archdeacon
Emery, preached his initial sermon to the congregation in his new
field of labor last night and made a very favorable impression.
Dr. Parrish was born in Grand Rapids, Mich., in 1868. He is the son
of Judge Parrish of the Superior Court of that State and always a prominent
churchman. He was educated at Trinity College. Hartford, and graduated
from that institution with high honors. He then entered the General Theo
logical Seminary of New York, where he remained three years, and became
after his ordination deacon's assistant of old St. Peter's, a church where
Washington was an attendant during his first term as President. Here he re
mained for a year, when he was advanced to thf priesthood by Bishop Whit
taker and at once became curate of St. Clements, from whence he received
the call to San Francisco a year ago. Mr. Parrish brings to the pulpit of the
Advent an eloquence quite uncommon and an enthusiasm which assures his
future success.
___. , __ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ladies'
Silk
Waists
Silk
Skirts!
This week we have opened an elegant
variety of NEW LADIES' SILK WAISTS in
both Colored and Black, prices ranging
from $6 to $15 each. These waists
are the very latest shapes, and are both
Corded and Tucked front, back and
sleeves. _______
LADIES' SILK SKIRTS— have also
a new shipment in both Black and Col-
ored. These Silk Skirts are made with
Ruffles, Spanish Flounces and Accordion
Pleating and range in price from $6.50
to $25 each.
We have also a splendid assortment of
MERCERIZED MOREEN SKIRTS, WASH
SKIRTS, STRIPED SATEEN SKIRTS and
SILK and WOOL MOREEN SKIRTS.
— /
111. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET
I through smiling lips words of praise and flat-
I terv in which is concealed the venom of the
I asp The cultivation of this virtue should be
our daily care. The life at charity will be a
life of gelf-denall, but It will make us like our
Divine Muster; it will broaden our minds and
sympathies; it will be fulfil*. ng the first and
ereat commandment: it will cause men to re
flect and say, 'Whether the doctrines they hold
he tme or not, we know not. but this we
know— they love their fellowmen."
GPLDBERk
BQWEN
& GO
Sierra Madre olive oil makes splen-
did salad and fine complexions and
good health and excellent dinners
Whiskey-G b&co 3 bot $2
0 X bourbon gallon 3
regularly $ 1 bottle $4 gallon
Pure whiskey well aged— for
medicinal use
Vermouth— Nouiy Prat &Co 60c
regularly 65c bottle — French
For mixing fancy drinks
Coffee— ground and roast
Pasha blend reg'ly 35c 2 lbs 55c
Kona (Hawaiian)" 2sc 2 lbs 45c
Roasted fresh every hour
You may have them warm and fresh
CoCOa— Van Houten 40C
regularly 50c £ lb tins
The only genuine Holland made
cocoa sold in this market
Salad dreSSing-^erra Madre 25C
regularly 30c bottle
Made of pure oil — no salad is good
without pure oil
Cocktails-reg'lysl 25 bottle 90c
Imperial Cocktail Co — New York
martini manhattan vermouth
gin whiskey old torn gin
aged in glass
Good to take to the country
Schnitt bohnen (cut beans)
1 lb tins reg'ly 15c 12^C
2i lb " " 25c 2OC
German string beans— cut— in water
a rare treat
Alkethrepta— chocolate 20c
reg'ly — The nutrient properties
of chocolate condensed
Moth balls 4 lbs 25c
reg'ly 3 lbs for 25c
for packing away winter clothes
Tooth powder— reg'iy 25c 20c
There's listerine in it and that's
a perfect tooth wash
Toilet SOap -Persian bouquet 50c
reg'ly 60c carton of 3 cakes
Refined odor
Ammonia— for the toilet 25c
Softens and perfumes the water
Beechnut bacon in glass jars 25c
sliced — no waste
Wheatena-th« great breakfast mush 30C
Good packing is almost as important
as good goods — we know how to pack
for shipment to the country
Catalogue revised to June — free
-;2 Pine 215 Gutter 3800 California San Franclsc*
,75 Clay between Eleventh and Twelfth Oakland
■ " ' ■ ■ • •• Z~"
RADKE & CO., I
j 118 Sutter Street, M
ARE SHOWING v H
FOR VACATION TIME: ||
Summer Belts in silver. ...-. $1.00 upl
Shirt Waist Sets In silver. .... 50c upl
Bangle Bracelets in silver . . 75c up I
SPECIAL ATTENTION TO MAIL AND EX- |
PRESS ORDERS. ||